THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF IN CHINA.
FIELD MARSHAL, COUNT VON WALDERSEE IN HIS CAMPAIGNING tsNIFORM.
TAKU. Aug. 27.— Adjutant General. Washing
ton: Colonel Wlnt on the 13th reports that he
engaged large force of enemy neven miles from
city.. dispersing them, killing about 1M. Ameri
cana lost five wounded. Will cable names
wounded as soon as ascertained.
' I CHAFFEE.
This cable adds nothing to the Infonna-
The first direct word from General
Chaffee since August IS came to-day in
the form of a cablegram dated to-day at
Taku. reporting the action of the Sixth
Cavalry with the enemy near Tientsin on
the 19th. The cableis as follows:
Chaffee Makes a Report.
ness interests, it was decided to be proper
to send a gunboat to Amoy, not because
of any particular apprehension as to Jap
anese aspirations, but to prevent rioting
at this dangerous point. . •. •
.The description of the action reported
by Chaffee tallies Identically with that
previously reported by Admiral Remey la
the above cable and Is identified with It
by War Department officials. - The explan
ation of the delay in the War Depart
ment's report is that Colonel Wlnt, who
commands the Sixth Cavalry, probably
forwarded his report to his superior at
Peking and General Chaffee then sent it
tlon In possession of the department rela
tive to military movements, as it Is slm
ply General Chaffee's belated official re
port of an engagement previously report
ed by Admiral Remey in a cable dated
Taku. August 20. In which he said: "Morn
ins of 19th— Sixth Cavalry and about 400
English and Japanese dispersed about
1000 Boxer? outside of Tientsin; about 100
Chinese killed, five Americana wounded."
WASHINGTON'. Aug. 27.— War Depart
ment officials believe that the line be
tween and Chefu has been cut
bv Boxers, as the last advices received
from Tientsin were dated August 23. Such
interruption would delay all messages sev
eral days, as they would have to be sent
from Chefu to Shanghai by steamer, a
trip of .about four days.
WOULD DELAY MESSAGES.
this or some Joint supervisory scheme of
a similar character will be favored by
this Government, and while the Govern
ment may make other proposals for a
future policy of a different nature, there
is no information in the possession of this
Government to indicate inharmonious ac
tion on such a supervisory plan.
From Taku, Aug. 27.— Secretary
of State, Washington: No important
developments since last dispatch.
Military is trying to restore order.
No representative of the Chinese Gov
ernment encountered yet. Several
Ministers of the Tsung 11 Yamen
reported in the city. and. are expected
to appear soon. Generals decide jnot
to enter imperial palace, leaving it
The last dispatch of the day was the
one from Minister Conger referring to the
military situation in Peking. Unfortun
ately it lacked a date, the Minister pre
sumably not having yet -received, the-de
partment's instructions to include the date
in the body of his dispatch. The State
Department at first undertook to have the
cablo companies correct this serious omis
*icn but finally, concluding from internal
evidence that Mr. Conger's message was
certainly later than any oflicial emanation
from the Chinese capital, the message was
allowed publicity for what it was worth.
It was as follows.
Conger Again Heard From.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.-After
several days' intermission in
Chinese advices, the Govern
ment to-day received two dis
patches which presumably
bring Us advices up to the most v recent
date There are indications that the prin
cipal delays in the lines of communication
are encountered between Tientsin and
Peking, a fact explanable by ,the news
paper advices that small bands of Boxers
are operating on the line of communica
tion of the Peking campaign force.
such interference with the work of the
Signal Corps men was experienced by the
United States force in the Philippines and
by Lord Roberts' troops In the Transvaal
campaign. Usually these Interruptions
are very short, the marauders being
driven off and the lines restored within
a dav or two. The fact that more than
a week was covered by the last interrup
tion gives rise to the belief here that these
attacks «pon the lines of communication
by Boxers are more formidable than was
supposed to be possible, after the heav>
losses inflicted upon them by the inter
national forces in its advance.
practically vacant. Two thousand
Germans arrived to-day. CONGER.
Mr. Conger's reference to the. arrival
of 2000 fresh German troops caused some
surprise, no one apparently having closely
watched the movements of the contingent
which is now arriving with fairly regular
frequency In China and which consequent
ly may be expected soon to ' equal in
numerical strength the military contin
gents of any of the Europeans there rep
resented.
May Make Negotiations.
, A significant statement in Minister Con
ger's dispatch is that respecting the ap
pearance in Peking of some of the mem
bers of the Tsung 11 Yamen. A natural
construction to be given to this statement
is that, these Ministers wish to undertake
to represent the Chinese Government
formally in negotiations with the powers.
It having been found impossible up to this
moment, according to Mr. Conger's state
ment, to meet any representatives of th«
Chinese Government in Peking who were
competent to open negotiations, It may bo
inferred that; if these Ministers actually
appear with proper credentials one of the
problems connected with • the present dif
ficulty in China will be solved. With some
responsible person or persons to dear with
it may be possible for the United States
to come to some agreement as to a settle
ment of the Chinese. trouble. Everslnce
the fall of Peking the principal difficulty
confronting the Government here has been
to arrange for the next movement In its
programme. It could not withdraw its'
troops, even if so disposed, without ar
ranging for indemnification for the heavy
cost it has been put to in the Peking
campaign. Also it mustmake>arrange
ments with some responsible authority for
the future protection of American inter
ests In China, as our .business interests
cannot bo withdrawn along with the army
of occupation.'
¦ Therefore -..'as -'conveying a faint" hope
that In the persons of .these members of
the Tsung II -. Yamen ,' there ; may be found
some authorized ' representative of the
Chinese Government competent to mako
engagements on these points : the , message
of Mr. Conger was < very; welcome to the
authorities here. .
Not to Enter: the Palace. .
Another.statement In Mr. Conger's dls-
There Also Seems to Be a Pros
pect of Meeting Some of the
Chinese Ministers Who Are
Reported to Be in Pekinq.
Conger Reports That the Com
manders of the Allies Deeided
Not to Enter the Imperial
Palace.
WASHINGTON', Aug. 27.— It is said in
administration irclcs that in the event
of the ability of -he powers to agree upon
a Chine** policy -hat will preserve the in
tegrity ci the empire, the plan most likely
to bp aaiptcd wjj provide for interna
tional adiilnistrat:in of the customs serv
ice. Upoathis plan representatives of the
several sCIed r.o»o rs having forces on
Chinese rill will h* stationed at ail the
customs lirts of China to supervise or
admlnisteitthe servke and watch the rev
enues witi a view to ensuring the col
lection of Ihe enormous Indemnity that
will be inc*iidually demanded by each cf
the eoverrOients. It is understood that
INDEMNHY TO COME
OUT OF CUSTOMS DUES
CAXL BUREAU. WELLINGTON' HOTEL, WASHINGTON', Aug. 27.-Sharp
differences of opinion among the foreign admirals at Taku regarding LI
Hung Chang s proper status were apparently the moving cauBe of the note
of Inquiry recently addressed by the United States Government to foreign
powers as to accepting the aged viceroy as peace envoy of the Chinese Gov
ernment. Officials will eay little about the dissension among the naval representa
tives of the powers. It is learned, however, that on Thursday, Admiral Remey
eent word that a conference of admirals at Taku had been held, at which the
arrangements for the arrival of LI Hung Chang and the privileges he should
e allowed were discussed.
A proposition waj made that Li Hung should not bo allowed on reaching
liku to communicate with the Chinese officials in Peking. The proposition was
ai-eptable to most of the admirals, but the American officers declined to sien
th- agreement. Whether the Russian admiral signed is not known "but in anv
tv. n t the £as£lan Government promptly protested to the other powers
Admiral Remey's message was considered by the Cabinet, which entirelv an
pro\>d the refusal of Admiral Remey to be a party to any such agreement The
note of inquiry as to the attitude of the powers with regard to Chantr's accen'a
MHtj as a peace envoy was formulated and cent out. The effect of the nroUwtR
of th. United States and Russia has be*n to secure practically the unanimous
disapi- O val of the agreement of the foreign admiral?. Why the admirals should
wish U prevent LI Hung Chang from communicating with the Chinese ' o'fflch.
In Pekog is not understood here. Seemingly it would be in the interest of pm™
for the viceroy to be puc in prompt communication with the Imperial authoring
Fron Minister Conger's dispatch it is apparent that the allies in Pekineaw
not waltng for the arrival of Li Hung Chang, but are trying to get in n™
municatl n themselves with the Chinese officials. His message shows mm-liT
Eivt-ly th.t there is no authority in the capital at this moment with whom th«
powers caj negotiate. no
ADMIRALS DIFFERED
AS TO LI HUNG CHANG
"Russian journals agree," says the Moscow correspondent
of the Standard, "that it is impossible to deal with China in the
spirit of revenge, as suggested by Emperor William. They believe
that methods less drastic can better accomplish the ends of Russia
in Manchuria. The question would be satisfactorily settled to
Russian minds by the seizure of the northern provinces.'"
A special from St. Petersburg quotes Emperor William,
when wiring in answer to the announcement that a Russian
regiment had been named after him, as follows: "Express my
good wishes to-day with all the greater joy since our Russian
and German comrades, after a long time, are fighting together
again, shoulder to shoulder. According to an old arid snored
tradition, victor}' will not be wanting."
LONDON, Aug. 28, 3:50 a. m. — The allies, resuming ag
gressive operations, have taken the district west of Pe
king. This statement, based on Chinese authority, is cabled
from Shanghai. From the same place comes the further state
ment that Li Hung Chang has wired the Empress Dowager at
Sianfu requesting the arrest of Prince Tuan and the disarma
ment of the Boxers in order to give him an opening for negotia
tions with the powers.
The illuminations projected at Shanghai in celebration of
the relief of Peking have been abandoned, lest they should cause
a native outbreak.
"Evidence has been received here," says the Shanghai cor
respondent of the Standard, "going to show that General Lung
Wu was the real author of the anti-foreign outbreak, the Em
press Dowager, Prince Tuan and the others all having been pur
suadecl by him to take an extreme attitude, while he stood aside
and awaited developments."
American refugee missionaries in Amoy, according to the
Hongkong correspondent of the Daily Mail, are anxious to re
turn to the interior, but the United States has forbidden them to
do so and urges them to go to the Philippines or to return to
America.
Shanghai advices to the Daily News say that consular opin
ion there looks upon the Japanese action in the landing of troops
at Amoy, despite the protests of the Consuls, as similar to that of
Russia at Niuchwang, the whole indicating a tendency to a par
tition of the empire.
Li Hung , Chang Said to Be
Trying to Cause Disarma
ment of Boxers in Order to
Pave the Way for Peace.
From Shanghai Comes a Story
That Allies Assume the
Aggressive and Take Dis
trict West of Peking.
Hankow Uprising Not Due to
Boxers, but a plot of Reform
ers Against the Peking Gov
ernment.
Twelve of the Conspirators Be
headed, and the Viceroy Pre
vents a Demonstration in' the
Central Yangtse Valley.
PARIS, Aug. 27. — Official dispatches from Shanghai ex
plain that the Hankow uprising was not due to the Box
ers, but was a plot organized by the partisans of Kang Yu
Wei, the reformer, combined with the secret society known as
the "Ko Lao Hui," an anti-foreign organization, who proposed
to the southern Viceroys a revolt against the Peking Govern
ment. The leaders of the movement rely especially upon Chang
Chi Tung, Viceroy at Hankow, for arms, gunpowder and other
agents of destruction.
A- proclamation, written in English and addressed to Euro
peans, was seized. In it the revolutionists declared themselves
opposed to the Manchu dynasty, but ready to uphold the pres
ent Emperor. They expressed themselves as desirous of
founding a "constitutional government," of protecting foreigners
and Christians aruj of supporting the powers against anti-foreign
fanatics. ±t-j-
The immediate effect on the Government has been to in
crease the peril of Europeans. Proof exists of disorder and pil
lage, due to the same movement, at widely separated points.
The headquarters of the conspiracy is Hankow, from which point
it ramified into other provinces.
Several thousands of the supporters of the movement have
received instructions to demonstrate in the central valley of the
Yangtsekiang, but the Viceroy has a sufficient force of regular
troops to guarantee the maintenance of order.
Twelve of the conspirators have been beheaded.
PARIS, Aug. 28. — The Siecle publishes this morning the following from itsspecial correspondent:
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 26.— I send you under all reserve the following news, which is repeated here with persistence: The Government
has received a dispatch informing it that after a terrible battle inside the walls of Peking the allies retired, losing 1800 men, mostly Russians, the
Chinese occupy fortified positions, whence they are bombarding the allied forces with a very deadly fire.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 26. — Local mandarins received a telegram to-day from Paoting-Fu stating that the allied powers have taken the district
west of Peking. Li Hung Chang sent a telegram to-day to the Empress at Sian-Fu requesting her to arrest Prince Tuan of the army in order to
.-¦-'¦. \
Special Cable to The Call and New X"ork Herald. Copyright, 1000, by the Herald Publishing Company.
ALLIES REPORTED TO HAVE BEEN DRIVEN FROM PEKING
WITH LOSS OF EIGHTEEN HUNDRED, MOSTLY RUSSIANS,
BUT THEY PROBABLY WENT FORTH FOR CONQUEST
Another event of the day of some In
terest was the order dispatching the Cas
ttne from • Shanghai to Amoy,' distant
about 400 miles.' . The little gunboat should
make ;- the '; run in , about two days under
favorable conditions. Pier, force Is small,
but sufficient: to serve the moral purpose,
if. there be need for such. It appears that
she is ordered to /Amoy, quite as ' much
on account of representations from well
informed business circles as from any of
ficial advice. r The - Consul at Amoy ; agree •
ing .with the > representations of the busi \
patch relative to the decision of the gen
erals not to enter the imperial palace ap
pears, to explain the movement of the
American troops^ which the press dis
patches were unable' to clear up, In re
laxing: the , attack upon the palace gates
after, capturing all but one of them.
VOLUME LXXXVIH-NO. 89.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
UNDER FIRE IN TIENTSIN.
ADMIRAL SEYMOUR, GOING THE ROUNDS OF THE DEFENSES, TAKES A SHORT CUT THROUGH A GAP IN
THE WALL OF THE ROUNDHOUSE MADE BY A CHINESE SHELL.
The San Francisco CallThe southeast trades are almost as sure
In their operation as is the recurrence of
day and night. The homeward-bound
sailing ship, once having been swept
round the Cape of Good Hope in spit©
of reverse winds rinds awaiting her a
southerly wind. Sailers refuse to call it
the first of the trades, considering that
any wind blowing without the tropics has
no claim to be called a "trade." This
f£ n S y .E natte I 8 , u , t M e - x, Tne Breat thing !s
that these helpful breezes await the
homeward-bounder close down to the
southern limit of his passage, await him
with arms outspread in welcome, and.
coincidently with the pleasant turning
of his ship s head homeward, permit the
yards to be squared and the course to be
set as desired. And the ship, like a
docile horse, who, after a long day's
Journey, finds his head pointing stable
ward and settles steadily down to a
clinking pace, gathers way in stately
fashion and elides northward at a uni
form rate, without any further need of
interference from her crew
Throughout the long, bright days, with
the sea wearing one vast, many-dimpled
smile, and the stainless blue above quiv
ering in light, uninterrupted by the pass
age Of a single cloud, the white-winged
ship sweeps serinely en. All around in
the paling blue of the sky near tho
horizon floats the sleepy, fleecy cumuli
?.t C , Ullar V* the "^ades." without percep
tible motion _ or change of form. When
day steps abruptly into night and the
myriad glories of the sunless hours re-
X^n^t 1 " 56^ 68 S uY Iy to an unheeding
m£.^,r, e K lIent , shl i > stIU Parses gho:Ti-
Hke upon her placid way. the steadfast
wind rounding her canvas into the softest
LonKspecia^o 1^ Wri " kle ° r * ake -
Breezes That Are Almost Certain in
Regular Operation.
THE TRADE WINDS.
FROGS' LEGS.
The Best From Canada and the De-
mand Is Increasing Rapidly.
There is money in frog culture. What
is. more astonishing, competition hi the
business is not great and the market sup
ply of frogs' legs often does not equal the
demand. Jersey furnishes a small part
of the supply, but over there the indus
try is as a rule followed upon desultory
and primitive lines. Small boys and men
with nothing better to do hunt the wild
frog to his lair and beat th* swamps.
For a short time the catch is satisfactory
and then. Just when the frog hunters see
colossal fortunes looming up before them,
the frogs give out and the business col
lapses. <-\''p-
They do the- thing better in Canada and
Western New York. Tho finest frogs'
legs in the market come from the Do
minion, and up there frog culture Is a
deeply serious and scientific affair, and
its profits are surprisingly large. The
Canadian frogs' legs are much larger
than any others and are always in great
demand in New York; but comparatively
few of them are to be. found in market
now, although the season for them has
been on for several months. The Cana
dian frog raisers are holding hack their
supply until July, when the opening of
the summer hotels increases the demand
tremendously and sends the prices sky
ward, v -v ¦-¦¦: •. -v
The wholeale dealers charge from 30 to
60 cents a pound for the legs, the hind
quarters of about four frogs making a
pound. At the uptown retail dealers' one
pays from 50 to 75 cents and even $1
while at times, even during the season
the legs cannot be procured at any, price
The demand for the delicacy has alwavs
been fair, but it has steadily increase'd
and the prejudice against frog-eatini*
that once was strong among American*
has practically disappeared save in coun
try districts.
"Our: orders for frogs' legs are fifty
times as numerous as they were ten yeans
ago," said the head waiter of a Broad
way restaurant, when asked about th»
matter. "You Americans have such nue->r
prejudices about what you eat. If yo'u
can swallow sof tshell crabs and -alters
and eels and pata. dc foie gras what's th"
sense in drawing the line at frogs? You'll
get around the snails rafter a while, but
that's where the average American sticks
fast'' now."
An Atchlson, woman is keeping count
So far she has fed nine canary birds dur
ing the absence of their owners on sum
mer vacations, and has watched the un
packing of six tourists' trunks, but all
that was brought her was one souvenir
spoon and a Chinese., arrangement for
scratching one's own back.— Atchlson
Globe.
Two farg:e cannon from the Civil 'War are to
be melted and cast Into a statue repr^.^ntin^
peace, to be placed in the Capitol. What a
contrasr between the two conditions — as ftreat
is a way •* the change Hostetter"9 Stomach
Bitters will bring about In' the health of any
one who u.«es it. The Bitters strengthens th*
digestive onrans and corrects all disorders such
as constipation, dyspepsia, torpid liver or weak
kidneys. Try It. .
From War to Peace.
Returns to Pineknot Lodge.
SARATOGA. N. Y.. Aug. 27.— Mrs. Coll Is
P. Huntington returned to-day to Pine
knot Lodge. Racquet Lake. Adirondacks.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 27.— James McWil
liams, aged 64, a pioneer resident pf Sara
toga and well known throughout the
county, dropped dead this afternoon from
heart disease.
James McWilliams.
BOSTON. Aug. 27.— Alanson W. Beard,
prominent for years in Republican poli
tics. ex-Collector of Port of Boston and
ex-State Treasurer, died at his home in
this city to-night, aged 75 years.
Alanson W. Beard.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 27.— The Rev. A.
M. Hough, brother-in-law to Jay Gould,
tiled to-day at the age of 70 years, from
paralysis. He leave a large estate and a
widow survives him. He was well known
as a. philanthropist in the Methodist com
munity of this city.
The Rev. A. M. Hough.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 27.— Edward Maynard.
a prominent citizen of this city, died last
evening after a lingering illness. He was
a native of Illinois and 56 years of age.
Deceased had resided here for twerty
flve years. A ¦widow and two sons sur
vive "him.
Edward Maynard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mr. Nance came to California In 1S52
from New Albany, Ind., and spent about
fourteen years In the mines of Butte
County. In 1869 he came to Salinas and
for many years conducted a general mer
chandise store here, but later went to San
Lucas, where, with his son. he has car
ried on an extensive business. He was
an Odd .--Yellow. He leaves a widow, one
son. a brother and two sisters. Mr.
Nance's estate is valued at $300,000.
SALINAS, Aug. 27.— C. P. Nance, one of
California's earliest pioneers and one of
Monterey County's eldest and most
wealthv citizens, is dead.
C. P. Nance.
Uhe Days Dead
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Aug. 27.-Nichola3
Aylward. aged 73. an Inmate of the county
infirmary, died to-day from the effects of
a bcatins- admlnljitered by Jack Hanlon.
an attendant, flanlon cannot t>n round.
Beaten to Death.
Relations Between the Two Countries
Still Strained and War Is Ap
parently Imminent.
LONDON, Aug. 2S.— Referring to the
tension between Roumanta and Bulgaria,
recently accentuated by. the unsatisfac
tory character of the reply of the Sofia
Government to the Roumanian demand
for the suppression of the Macedonian
revolutionary committee, which has its
headquarters at the Bulgarian capital, tho
Bucharest correspondent of the Daily
Mall, wiring yesterday, says:
"The outlook becomes more and more
serious. The opinion of the general pub
lic hero Is that Bulgaria must be taught
a lesson by arms, if necessary. Many
public meetings were held yesterday (Sun
day) throughout Roumania. AH were
characterized by a very warlike tone. The
expulsion of Bulgarians from Roumania
continues."
EXPULSION OF BULGARIANS
CONTINUES IN ROUMANIA
"CONGER."
WASHINGTON*, Aujr. 27.-On August S.
r*». upon receipt of the dispatch from
¦Minister Conner stating among other
things that all connected with the Ameri
can legation was safe, but that efforts
were being made to induce the legation,
ers to leave Peking, to do which he (Con
ger) regarded aa certain death, the Presi
dent sent Mr. Conger the following dis
patch : .
¦ "Conger, American Minister, Peking,
August 8, night: I rejoice, and with me
the whole American people, to receive
your cipher telegram reporting vour
safety and that of the other legations
Kverything is being done and will be done
for your relief. The acting Secretary of
State has to-day sent you a telegram of
Inquiry and information.
"WILLIAM McKIXLEY."
Again, on August 19. upon receipt of of
ficial information of the relief, of the le~
gations, the President sent the following
dispatch:
"Fowler Chefu. for Conger. jAmeriean
Minister: The whole American people re
joice over your deliverance, over tho
safety of your companions, of our own
and other nations who have shared your
perils and privations, the fortitude an*
courage which you have all maintained
and the heroism of your little bnnd of de
fenders. We all mourn for those who
have fallen and acknowledge the good
ness of God. which has preserved you
and guided the brave army that set you
free. WILLIAM McKINLEY."
This evening the President is in receipt
of this message from Minister Conger:
"The President. Washington: All
Americans here thank you for congratu
lations and successful efforts for our re
lief and bless God for final deliverance.
MESSAGES SENT BY
M'KINLEY AND CONGER
Emperor Kwansr Su had not been impris
on*??, on account of his advanced ideas of
cMlization there would have been no se
wn 8 !, ° U ? le K as the Boxcr s would have
been kept in bounds.
officially to Washington. Although Gen
eral Chsffee's cab]<*pram is dated Taku.
it {s assumed that it was forwarded from
Peking over the field telegraph line or by
courier. It is assumed, however, that the
field telegraph communication is inter
rupted aii*i that the dispatch reached Ta
* ku by courier. The fact that the dippatch
v is cent from Taku to-day was extreme
ly pratifyir.g. as it provo? that the cable
between Taku and Chefu is« working and
that th^re is no longer any interruption
< n the l.nnd lines from the latter point to
Shanghai. There wns general disappoint
ment that General Chaffee's mesage con
tained no reference to the operations in
Peking, hut this was explained on the
theory that General Chaff <?e, as Colonel
Winfs Fupcrior, was simply forwarding
the lattpr's report. It is possible that
Colonel Wint's report may have reached
him or«r tho field telegraph on the day of
the e&dgeaent (Afttrust If 1 ) and that his
cable to the department may have occu
!;!'r*d the intervening seven dsys, owing to
the interruption on the field tclepraphs in.
setting back to Taku. This theory i?
plausible in that it would account for th<?
failure to *r>ar from Genera! Chaffee since
the isth, the day after the date of hts
last previous message.
VESSEL NOW AT
TANGIER IS ONLY
A SCHOOLSHIP
Alarming Reports Circulated
by the Arrival of the
Enterprise.
Department "Will Be Well Satisfied,
However, if It Has the Effect of
Causing the Moorish Govern
ment to Come to Terms.
Frecial Dl?r>atch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.-
Just at ths moment the Sultan of Morocco
need not be alarmed at the appearance ox
an American man-of-war in the harbor oi
Tangier. '
Officials of the State and Navy Depart
ments say that the report published this
morning that an American warship had
put in at Tangier for the purpose of com
pelling Morocco to pay an indemnity for
injuries sustained by an American citizen
probably had its origin in a guilty con
science.
An American raturalized citizen named
Marcu? A. Zauui was murdered two
months ago by a mob in the town of
Fez. The crime was immediately reported
to the Ststp I»< partment by Mr. Gum
mere, Consul General at Tangier, and he
was instructed by cable to request the
French Consul at P>z to make an investi
gation. The report of the French Consul
has not yet bi?on received, but Mr. Gum
mere qas reported that during the inves
tigation he ma^e a demand upon the
Moorish authorities for. the apprehension
and punishment of those guilty of the
murder. .-, ..-•..
Xo report of the arrival of an American
warship reached the Navy Department to
day, and it is presumed that the vessel to
whirh roference is made is the Massachu
setts State. nautical school ship Enterprise.
The itinerary of this vessel calls for her
arrival at Tangier on August 24 and her
departure on August 26. If her presence
has stirred up the Moorish authorities to
compliance with the demands of Mr. Gum
mere the State Department will be well
pleas-.od with the visit of the Enterprise
notwithstanding the fact that the depart
ment had no hand in arranging the ltin-
Central Dining-rooms. 14 and 26 Ellis, re
cpened by J. Bertz, well-known restaurateur. •
FRENCH OPERATIONS
AS REPORTED BY FREY
PARIS, Aug. 27.— Central Frey. the com
ma nilcr of the French force? in Northern
China, in his account of the operations of
the French contingent, says that with the
KuFsians. also under him. ne seized the
Ohuen Che Men gate at Peking, August
IS, defeating large numbers of Manchu
troops who dofendod it with cannon. The
general adds that his forces next cap
tured the Si Hoa Men gate after a lone
r"nstance ar .d marched to Peitang and
rescued Mor.signor Favier and the Euro
peans bosioged there. He says the entire
city between the marble bridge, the im
perial Da'ace and Peitang bristled' with
imrrnchments desperately defended by
h^avy Chinese forces and that most diffi
cult and exhausting street fighting was
necessary to dislodge the enemy. Through
out the day M. IMchon. the Fronch Minis
ter, and the legation staff marched beside
General Frey. Finally his column occu
pjed Garbon Hill. The French had four
nvn ki!l<d and two officers and three men
¦wounded. The Russians and Japanese
alyo sufTerrrt.
General Frey pay? his tribute to the
courage of the troop?, who accounted Xor
ror>rv> than 5«) Chinese dead left on the
field.
DECORATED BY THE EMPEROR.
BERLIN. Aug. 27— Emperor William
has cabled to Lieutenant Counsodon. com
crimmander of the German lines in Peking
during the f-iege of the legations, con-
Errni elating him upon his heroic preser
vation and conferring upon him the dec
fifalion of the Red Eagle.
Next Thursday, with the Empress and
th*» imperial princes, his Majesty will at
tend tYm ceremonies of fonseoratiriK the
flaps for the Asiatic F(|uadrcn._which will
take ulacf- in this city.. The 'foreign at
tprhrs will witness the nailing of the
flags to the staffs. f J*~s
CHATFEE YET AT PEXING.
WASHINGTON-, Aug. 27.— S^cretary
Root and Adjutant General Corbin were
amor.* the President's callers at the
White House to-nipht. They came late
in the evening and remained with the
President almost an hour. They were
both uncommunicative when leaving the
White House, but the impression was
conveyed that some dispatches have been
received from General Chaffee which,
while not of great importance, establish
the fact that he Is still in Peking.
CHINESE EMPEBOB LOCATED.
PARIS. Aug. 27.-Tho French Consul at
Shanghai wires that Emperor Kwang Su
and Prince Tuan are now in the province
of Bhensi. With reference to the mission
aries and engineer* at Chenting-Fu.
pouthweet of Peking, the Consul snya
that they are as yet uninjured, but that
their position is critical.
TO CUT OFT COMMUNICATIONS.
LONTJON, Aug. 27.-A dispatch from
Tokio pays General Yamaguiche reports
that the Chinese have not abandoned hop*:
of retaking Peking and that SOOOmen with
fifteen guns were advancing toward
Peking from Shantung, probably Intend
ing to cut the allies' communications.
FOR CONVOY TO TIENTSIN.
ROUE, Aug. 27.— A dispatch received
here from Taku, under date of Sunday,
August 26, confirms previous reports that
a convoy was being formed at Peking to
conduct, under a strong escort, the allies'
wounded and the women and children to
Tientsin.
CASTINE OBDERED TO AMOY.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— The gunboat
Castine, Commander Bowman command-
Ing, ha* been ordered to Amoy, China, to
report on conditions there. The Castine is
at Shanghai.
LITTLE ACCOMPLISHED
BY TROOPS IN PHILIPPINES
Anxiety Felt Regarding: the Trans-
port Californian, Which Is Now
a Week Overdue.
MANILA, Aug. 27.— The official reports
Fhows the past fortnight's scouting to
have had insignificant results.
Typhoid fever is delaying shipping.
The United States transport Californian,
which sailed from San Francisco July 17
via Honolulu. July 27, for Manila, is now
a week overdue.
The United States Philippine Commis
sion, in order to explain the new condi
tions, their power nnd their attitude
toward the Filipinos resulting from their
assumption of legislation, are publishing
a portion of President McKinley's ln
ptructions to themselves. Th« families
of Commissioners Taft and Wright have
arrived here. «
rw W t A o I u I / :G 7" ONT ' Aupr ' 27— Tho trans
port Californian. reported from Manila to
be a week overdue, carried 8500 tons of
quartermaster's and commissary stores
THREE NEGROES DEAD
AS RESULT OF A ROW
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. Aug. 27.-A
special from Pine Bluff, Ark., says: Three
negroes are dead as the result of trouble
that started Sunday at Coopers Island, a
plantation in Jefferson County forty-five
miles from this city. Berry Johnson and
Harry Wimberley fought with Wincnes
tt-ra over a negro woman named Mary
Jones. Matthew Overby. another negro,
took a hand in the light, and all three
were badly used up. Johnson finally
killed Overby and Wimberley.
A Coroner's Jury, of which a negro
named McKlnncy was foreman, held an
inquest over the remains of the two dead
men, and a verdict against Johnson was
rendered. Johnson fled before he could be
arrested. This morning McKinney, the
foreman of the* Coroner's Jury, was found
dead in bed with a bullet in his brain. He
was assassinated some time Sunday nigh*.
Tho number of stars distinctly visible
without the aid of a glass is put by Gould
at 5333. Professor XcwcomD says their
number is near 7M7. These are up to the
Fixth magnitude. Professor Newcomb «s
i&lTt moKSSf" up to tfie " 5 masnl -
WOODLAND, Aug. 27.-Agents of the
United States bought 200 mules in Wood
land last week, and late Saturday after
noon the agent of the German Govern
ment purchased a drove of 115 work. and
pack mules. Heavy demands on account
of the war have made great Inroads upon
Vc.io County mules.
I«Iule« for German Army in China.
Preclar Dispatch to The Call.
5VN FRANCISCO is domiciling an
accre.dlted representative of the de
posed Emperor of China, Kwang Su,
in tho. person of Leong Kal Tinn,
who is traveling through the civilized
world for the purpose of securing the nec
essary power to restore the Emperor to
his throne. The Emperor's representative
arrived in this city yesterday afternoon
and is staying at the Occidental. He is
a delicate and highly intellectual man in
appearance and travels in European attire,
accompanied by a secretary and a promi
nent Chinese, who represent the Mongo
lians on this coast who are in sympathy
with the cause which Leong Kai Tinn is
advocating. S
The mission of Leongf Kai Tinn to this
country is to enlist the Chinese ot the
United States in the effort to restore the
deposed monarch to his throne, to the end
that modern civilization may be intro
duced into China. Leong Kai Tinn speaks
no English, but through an interpreter he
said:
"I am In this country seeking the Bup
port of my countrymen to restore the Em
peror, Kwang Su, to tho throne from
which he was deposed , at the behest of
the Dowager Empress, because he was an
advocate of progress and of the abandon
ing of the Chinese customs and methods
for those of the modern "Western civiliza,
tion. My labors are purely in the line of
patriotism which looks to the best inter
ests of my country
"My mission thus far has been highly
successful and I look for satisfactory re
sults in the near future. I am tho ac
credited representative I of the Emperor
and my field is the entire civilized world.
Wherever there are countrymen of mine
in any considerable number there will I
be found eventually to advocate the cause
of my Prince, whose motto is advance
ment. I also represent the Chinese Em
pire Association of Reformers, whose
headquarters are at Macao. China. I am
establishing agencies throughout the
world for the promotion of the movement
j and wherever I go I deliver addresses on
the subject which is so dear to my -heart.
"In this city we have an organization of
5000, and I expect to double it before we
leave. There are branches in all the prin
cipal cltle3 of the coast and the North
western cities of this country, and before
I leave the United States there will be an
organization in every city. It is not known
in this country that .the organization 1
am promoting extends into tho interior of
China, and into the heart -. of the Boxer
country. Prior to this movement I -was
principal professor of the college in Yoko-i
hama established by the reformers. My
brotheY is Kang Yu Wai. personal advJscr
of Kwang Su. and who gave the secret
advice to . Kong Yu Wei 'to leave Peking'
before the Boxer outbreak. lie. asked his
countrymen to' restore him' to power ana ;
he.lp him to reform Chfrta— to adopt West- I
' em civilization.
"I consider that this is the only move
ment that can r save China, and . if tht
Western powers -will recognize it and re
store the rightful Emperor to his throno
all will be'.well. If they will take cogniz
ance of the fact that tho fifteen provinces
of Southern China are fully in accord with
this movement, in fact, that 200,000.000 ot
the population of China are reformers,
they will have no hesitation in placng the
• deposed Emperor on the throne. His res
toration to power will mean the advance
ment of civilization and the thorough sup
pression of the Boxers."
Leong: Kai Tinn will lecture at the
Washington-street Grand Theater on Sun
dayatnoon. The representative of the
Emperor; further saSd'that his addressee
wore well received by the Chinese gener
ally, and he expressed the opinion that if
- "The report of De France does not show
that Lang is short in his accounts," pro
tested Secretary Jewell. "It merely
shows that the sum of $3979 75, money de
rived from the sale of produce, has not
been turned over to the State, and I un
derstand that Lang does not dispute the
assertion. Most ot the money. I under
stand, was received from the sale of truck
grown on the grounds surrounding the In
stitution. It may be. that Lang »s hold
ing it back pending the settlement of his
claim for salary."
LINCOLN^ Nebr., Aug. 27.— A personal
debt to the State of $3073 7S Is pne of the
results of the administration of Benja
min F. Lang as superintendent of the
State Institute for the Feehle Minded
Youth at Beatrice. This condition of the
finances o£ the Institution, indicating the
misapplication of nearly $4000 of State
money by Governor Poynter's stubborn
appointee. Is shown in tne official report
of Charles Q. de France, the expert ac
countant who recently exarainatcd Lang's
official records.
• De France was detailed by Governor
Poynter to conduct the investigation, and
his findings were made public this after
noon. The report was hold back for sev
eral days by Governor Poynter, and it is
quietly rumored that Lanp was given an
opportunity, to Fettle the account.
To prevent political reaction ag'alnst
Governor Poynter and his chances for re
election, the announcement was made in
the executive department this afternoon
that Lang was expected to straighten the
account.
£?eclal Disratch to The Call.
Investigation Shows That the Super
intendent of the Institution for
the Feeble Minded Has Mis- «'
applied Funds.
Accounts of a Prominent
Nebr ska 0 Jicial Are
Badly 5 Tangled.
MUST MAKE
G000 A LRGE
DISCREPANCY
LONDON, Aug. 2S.— Bressi. the as^assiiv
of King Humbert, ineffectually attempted
to commit suicide Sunday, according to a
dispatch from Rome to the Dally Man.
He now refuses food, saying that he ha. I
no intention to gi\-e the bourgeolse tho
t>a.tisfactlcn of sc ein? him condemned. Ilw
shows no sign3 of aberration of intellect.
WASHINGTON', Aug. 27.— Michael
Guido. a young Italian who has been de
tained by the immigration authorities at
New York for two weeka. in company
with Natalie Moresca, at the request of
Chief Wilkie of the Secret Service, will
probably be permitted to land.
Chief Wilkie cabled to Italy for the rec
ords of the two men. He ha3 received in
formation that convinces him that Guido
is neither an anarchist nor a criminal and
this afternoon he notified Commissioner
General of Immigration Powderly that ht>
had no information that would justify the
holding of Guido any longer.
Moresca, who was held on suspicion
that he had come to kill President Mc-
Kinley. will be detained for the present.
Chief Wilkie 13 satisfied he Is not an an
archist and did not come to this country
with the intention of assassinating any
cne. but he is understood to have a crim
inal record.
Michael Guido, Who Has Boen De
tained by Immigration Officers.
Will Probably Be Permitted
to Land at New York.
Bressi Prefers Death by
Starvation to Public
Condemnation.
ASSASSIN OF
KING HUMBERT
REFUSES FOOD
During a Lively Battle Two Men Are Killed and
Several Persons, Including the Object of
the Mob's Wrath, Are Wounded.
GILMAX. 111., Aug. 27.— Two men
killed, three wounded— two of them
perhaps fatally; one woman
wounded and her residence burned,
are the results of an all-nfght bat
tle between a mob and Mrs. Dr. C. W.
Wright, who was accused of the murder
of Bessie Salter, the 16-yf-ai-old daughter
of a citizen of Gilman. The dead:
JOHN MYERS, laborer, employed by
Mrs. Dr. Wright.
MICHAEL RYAN; deputy constable.
Fatally wounded:
Lawrence Ryan, brother of the dead
man, wounded in abdomen.
George Willoughby, citizen, shot through
left lunff.
Mrs. Dr. C. W. Wright, shot through
right shoulder, bullet taking downward
course.
Seriously wounded: Pettr Hauer, mem
ber of citizens' attacking party, shot
through stomach.
Mrs. Dr. Wright is about 50 years old.
It is stated that she was formerly an
actress. For some time she lias been con
ducting a lying-in hospital on the out
skirts of Gilman.
First Act of the Tragedy.
About 10 o'clock In the evening the first
act of the tragedy occurred. It was pre
cipitated by the Investigation of the Cor
oner's jury into the death of Bessie Sal
ter, a 16-year-old girl of Leonard. III., who
died in the hospital Friday night and was
taken to her home "in Leonard under cover
cif darkness early Saturday morning. No
coffin was procured. She was wrapped
up in an old blanket and a piece of car
pet and buried.
After the jury had heard the evidence
of Clarence Salter, father of the girl, the
Coroner came to the conclusion that it
was injudicious to wait longer for I.Irs.
Wright's arrest, and a warrant was sworn
out by the Police Magistrate for her.
Constable Nilstead, with a posse, went to
the house to serve the warrant about 10
o'clock last night. Mn«. Wright barred
the entrance. The constable broke tho
outer door open and entered the darkened
room.
Michael Ryan v.as about to enter the
door of the inner apartment; v.iien a shot
rang out and he .fell dead. The Constables
then made a hurr!ert exit and formed a
picket line around 1 the building.- They
fired into the building in the hope that
the occupants would surrender, but with
out success.
Finally u was determined to set fire to
tho building, but recent rains had so
dampened its timbers that the fire would
not catch and alter burning some out-,
buildings, the posse gave up the attempt
and fell back to their original programme
of driving out Mrs. Wright.
House Sat on Fire.
About 3 o'clock the family of Michael
Ryan arrived. A mob of probably -3d peo
ple had gathered. Most 61 them were
armed. Tho scenes of grier which fol
lowed the arrival of Ryan's wife and chil
dren tired the crowd with frenzy. They
seized dozens of bundles of straw, satur
ated them with petroleum, piled thrni
against the front and sides of the so-c;.llej
hospital and applied the torch. In a mo
ment, the place was a mass of fUirr!^.
Shot after shot rar.g from the upper i
windows; and George Willoughhy, a local
representative of the Standard Oil Com
pany, fell with a bullet in the left side.
The next victim was Peter Hauer, a
member of the attacking party. These
casualties so angered the crowd that they
volleyed tho house as fast as they could
load and fire arms.
Contrary to expectations, no screams
followed the progress of the flames, and
the mob began to think that the inmate*
of the burning house had been cremated.
Suddenly, from a bunch of timber in the
rear, several shots came In the direction
of tho mob. They were, however, a hun
dred to one, and the fire was quickly si
lenced. Members of the mob rushed to
the timber, and In the dim light of the
coming dawn found the body of John My
ers, a blacksmith, who had been employed
by Mrs. Wright, stretched out in the death
agony. He was shot in a dozen places
about the head and shoulders, showing
that he had been lying on his face ilring
at his enemies when ho met his death.
Woman Again Threatened.
Near by iay Mrs. \\ right, with a ragged
hole in her .shoulder. The mob immedi
atrly dispersed.
It had been reported that there were
three women in the house besides Mrs.
Wright, hut they were not found. The
! house was destroved with its contents.
I • Mrs. Wright was taken to the City Ila'l
and a strong guard placed over her. A
crowd assembled and threats of Ivnchin?
were uttered. Every effort was mail? to
quiet and disperse the mob. but at 9::i0
o'clock this forenoon the crowd made an
other demonstration, smashing the win
t dows with stones and clubs. This culmi
| Bated in a shot being fired through a win
j now by one of the mob, barely missing
the woman.
Verdicts at the Inquest. '
At the Coroner's inquest to-day in- the
case of John Myers the jury brought in a
verdict of "death by bullet wounds from
parties unknown."
In the case of Michael Ryan the ver
j diet of the jury was "death by leader,
bullets fired from Mrs. Wright's house by
parties unknown."
The inauest over tho body of Bessie
Kalter was completed this evening. The.
jury held Mrs. Wright to the Grand Jury
without bail.
Mrs. Wright was taken to Watseka this
noon as a measure of precaution from
possible mob violence. During the morn
ing, when she seemed in great dangt-r
| from the crowd, the Mayor ordered the
paloons closed. The town is quiet to-
I night.
j State Troops Withdrawn.
AKRON. Ohio, Aug. 27.-As a result of
i. e P p , ace J ul conditions existing In thirs
city, all the State troops which had been
OI ?*»ri Uy nere si "ee Thursday last were
withdrawn early to-day
With the dismissal of the soldiers, the
saloons were reopened and the city has
practically resumed its usual appearance
ILLINOIS RIOTERS BURN
AN ACCUSED WOMAN'S HOME
Lord Roberts Sends New Lists of British
Casualties and the Usual Reports
of Victories,
LONDON". Aug. 27.— The following
dispatch W.-U5 sent to-day by Lord
Roberts:
-BELFAST. Sunday. Aug. 23.—
EEnE&Eed the enemy the greater
part of the day over a perimeter of
nearly thirty miles. Littleton's di
vision and two brigades of cav
ii'.ry. all under Ruller. operated south
west of Dalmarjutha. French, with two
hrig.id^s of cavalry, advanced northwest
of Belfast, driving the enemy to Leken
v!y. on :^e.Be!fast-Ly<Zenburg; road. As
BOOS as French reached I^ekenvly Polo-
Carew advanced from Belfast in support.
"The enemy in considerable strength
opposed Buller's artd Pole-Carew's ad
vance. He brought three long toms and
manv other guns and pompons (quick
firir.g gunsi into action. The firing, until
dark, was hot and x-ersistent. Bul!?r
hopes his casualties not exceed forty.
Pole-Carew has not yet reported. The
Boers art- making a determined stand.
Thoy have a largo number of guns. The
country is difficult u<:u Tie'.i suited Cor
their tactics and is less favorable to cav
:;ry that any we have hitherto worked
over.*?
Wiring from Belfast to-day Lord Rob
erts says:
' "Our casualties yesterday (Sunday) were
wonderfully few. considering lue heavy
tiring and the number oC hours we were
« r>g;i;rr<1. liuiler t'siim.ttes his losses at
two killed and twenty-four wounded. His
troops had to bivouac whore they stopped
after darkness fell and accurate returns
are -fis yet impossible. The casualties of
the fore*" operating north of Belfast were
three killed and thiriy-four wounded."
Says Boers Lost Heavily.
During Oer.etal Buller's recent attack,
according to the Daily Mail's correspon
dent at Lour<nzo Marques, the Boers lost
heavily. Half the gunners of the Bethel
commando were killed as well as its com-
; mander. Commandant von Dalwlf, a
cousin of Hcrr Krupp.
"A council of war of the Boers at Mach
adodorp." says the correspondent; "de
cided against* the advice of Commandant
<J«-neral Both.-i to return to the original
plan of retiring on I.yticnburgr."
Former President Sieyn and Command
ant D<?!ar«y are reported to have had an
interview with Mr. Krugir last Saturday
at Wat erval order.
Capture of General Olivier.
The War Ofiire has received the follow
ing dlFnatch from Lord Roberts: "The
Hoers have been beaten back by Bruce
Hamilton at Wlnbury. General Olivii r
has been captur»Hl." The text of I.onl
Roberts' dispatch from Llelfast under to
day's date anmuinoiiig the capture of
<ieneral Olivier shows that three of Oliv
itr's ?ons also were captured In the at
tack which the Hoers made from three
sides on Winburg. Lord Roberts adds
that General Olivier was "the moving
spirit amonjr the Boers in the southeast
portion of the Orange Colony during tho
war."
Germans Cruelly Treated.
BERLIN*. Aug. 27.— A deputation of Ger
man subjects residing la the Transvaal
has arrived here to lodge a complaint with
the German Foreign Office regarding al
leged crtiel treatment • -at Johannesburg.
They assert That 40<t German subjects of
both sexes were arrested there and yent
to a seaport, from which point they were
shipped to Klushlnsr. where th*.' British
landed them penniless. They were ar
rested, according to the statement of the
deputation, in shops and taverns and even
in their beds, and were hurried away
barefooted mid only half clad, losing
everything thty had. They are now urg
ing the Foreign Office to demand damages
for the brutal treatment and the loss of
property.
The Berliner Tageblatt. commenting
upon Lord Roberts' latest measures, es
pecially his most recent proclamation,
says: "Hir. course apnears to have been
dictated to him by England."
BOERS AGAIN BATTLE
WITH BULLER'S FORCES
LONDON. Auc. 27.— "A? tho result of the outcry njr.Tinpt th*> drrHrntHn «t
the Oservatore Romano." f:\ys the Rome correspondent of the Dally Express,
"the late Khis Humbert iia<l m^ditatpl ptvtnjr up Rome to tho hierarchy, tn*
Clerical pap.rs have been Instructed tr> publish a statement slvlng confirmation
ami details.
"According To the account. Kins Humbrrt. som* months before his death,
wrotf to Cardinal Gloseppo Piisco. Archbishop of Naples, requesting that a
trustworthy rtrk-st be sent to hear his confession. A priest was sent, hut
absolution was refused unless Humbert would aprco to abdicate and Rive up
Rome. The Kins asked time to consider, ap he r.as anxious to receive the
sacrament, and according to the clerical version, 'it was his communication to
the priest that Induced the Holy Sop to prrant Christian burial.*
"Kins Humbert's letter to Cardinal Prisco will be published. A circular noto
from the Vatican to the Catholic powerj declare* that so Ions ar- Italy contest*
the rights of the Holy See the I'ope will recognize Victor Emmanuel only as
Kinjr of Sardinia. The note appeals to the powers to relieve the Pcpc from an
intolerable situation, declaring that the condition of the Papacy under Italian
rule is steadily growing worse."
Stll That the Late King Humbert Was
Willing to Make Concessions to
> Receive the Sacrament.
MEDITATED GIVING UP
ROME TO THE HIERARCHY
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1000.
Leong Kai Tinn, Who Is Organizing
the Chinese Reform Association,.
Talks Interestingly.
CHINESE EMPEROR'S
REPRESENTATIVE HERE
LEONG KAI TINN. REFORM
ER, WHO CLAIMS TO REPRE
SENT THE FLEEING EMPE
ROR OF CHINA. '
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
GETTING IT THROUGH
HIS HEAD.
It is hard to convince a man when ha
sees the beautiful gloss we lay on th»
immaculately clean shirt bosoms, collars
and cuffs of his friends that they are not
new, as he always supposed, hut ar»
"done up" by the first-class method* In
use at our laundry. Our domestic finish.
Is the correct thing for full dress shirts.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street,
Near Powell.
Telephone-South 4-2O.
Oakland Off ice— 82 San Pablo Ave.
f^^.^'^^fc.^.^'^'^'^'^^'f
£visit OR- JORDAN'S orsat^
{MUSEUM OF AHATOMY*
\ OF The LarzMt Anatomical Museum in tie X
A >TX- V'ond. We»k»«s9» •* «'y coiicactd M
A n?§al Specialist cntbcCout hit yuan 9
A ii$7j OS. ;C8OAM~?S1VATH DISEASES #
\ *£%&?%¦% Coiivjltatkm trM and strirtly pr.ire \
n J VJ $iy d Trt irme-il person-;:? or by \ntr. A *
V i \¥ « B ft".':"* f»«m miycwundemlini. T
A i I life Write r?r B«>k.paiLOsorav«rJ
Will V MaKBito:. mailso V23I. IAf
en II " Taluable book tot Bra) \
Dl» JOBDAN A CO.. 105*. Market &..S. F. ¥
DR.MCMJIITY;
T'HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKIIABLE OLD
Bp«rUllstrwrr»Bloo»l Puixon.fionorrhcen.'ilert,
JStricturf, !*<>r]1iik1 Wralincm. Imp«-*nce»iMi tbetr
allied Disorders. Rook on Piseastt of Met', free.
OwraJyears'experience. Terra* re*w>nabte. Hours,
9to3(iaily:«:30toa.30ev'gs..S«ndaw.l!)to 12. Tonnul-
latlon ireeaadsacredly confidential. Call or address ¦
P. ROHCOE McX'tri/TY. M.O.
20,'J Kearny St., Man Francisco* €«!•
. « •¦ .
Weak Men aiid Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTEIJ5. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives heJth' and
strength to sexual organs. ¦ Depot. 321 Market.
j
purr nnvii corn «- Fw«h n**
I II LL U I I f ft I Market S! F. Try
¦¦HIT ninm ? ur spe<:ai Bre^
UNI L IIUInL. Hte9m a'-' 1 La?er.
x. Oversoats ami
Valises cMcked free.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC 51XTU3E
For the extra of GONORRHOEA * GLEETS,
STRICTLKKS and analagoua comnu'au uf in*
Orsans of Generation.
! Prlc« Jl a bcttle. For aal« ly taiiuti.VISALIA. Aug. 27.— At the Democratic
County Convention to-day Henry Levin
son was nominated for Assemblyman in
this district. He is a prosperous merchant
of Visalia. WYH.'MoffeU was nominated
for Supervisor fcr the Third District. O.
S. Berry of Lindsay was chairman of the
convention. , ¦
SAN ANDREAS, Aug. 27.— At the Re
publican primaries throughout Calaveras
County the following delegates to the
State Convention were elected: C. M.
Burleson and E. C. Loftus, Mokelumri"
Hill; H. Longley, Jenny Lind: W. C. Rals
ton, O. S. Buckbee. Angels; F. J. Solinsky,
San Andreas: O. D. Harrington. Murphys.
No opposition tickets.
Calaveras Republican Primaries.
Special DisDatch to The Call
WOODLAND, Aug. 27.— The ieturns
from the Democratic primaries are all in
and the result shows that there was no
opposition fo the regular ticket. The del
egates elected to the State and Congres
sional conventions are: W. B. Black. E.
Hunnan. Sam Montgomery, J, W. Mon
roe. J. E. LaRue. J. H. Ely. C. W. Thom
as and Ed E. Leakt?.
Democratic Primaries in Yolo County
Special Dispatch to The Call
It has been planned to establish a ser
vice of traction engines and wagons
across the desert of China to compete
with the carrying business done by means
of camels. Fifty engines and 3000 wagons
would have been at work within; a year
but for 'the present troubles.
James Laughlin, a Cavalryman, Ar
rested on a Charge of Carrying
Concealed Weapon.
The protest made by Chief Sullivan to
Major General Shatter about three weeks
ago . against soldiers being allowed to
carry revolvers when away from the Pr<?
sidio does not seem to have had any ef
fect. At that time the post commander
said that soldiers were not allowed to
carry their weapons.
Sunday night Policeman -Nelson saw a
big revolver sticking out of the hip pocket
of a cavalryman in a saloon on Dupont
street, near Pine. The policeman prompt
ly placed the trooper under arrest and
charged him with carrying a concealed
weapon. He gave the name of James
Laughlin. C'.-*'-V£
Yesterday the case was called in Judge
Fritz's court, and at the request of the
defendant it was' continued till to-day,
when Lieutenant Ferguson of his troop
can be present. The Judge intimated that
he intended to punish severely all sol
diers brought before him charged with
that offense.
SOLDIERS ON LEAVE
CARRY THEIR REVOLVERS
ASHLAND. Or., Aug. 27.— At Gold Hill
yesterday burglars blew open the safe of
Reames Bros.' store and secured about
JS50. The postoffice is in the store and J353
of the stolen, money belonged to the Gov
ernment.
Burglars Loot an Oregon Postofflce.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 27.— The school super
intendents of the State began to arrive lr»
this city to-day from all sections of the
State to attend the biennial session which
convenes to-morrow at 10 a. m. State Su
perintendent Kirk will preside. No regu
lar programme has been prepared. Ses
sions will fce continued three days.
School Superintendents Gathering.
SANTA CRUZ., Aug. 27.— The orphans
from the Episcopal Orphanage cf San
Francisco !n charge of Sister Julia are
enjoying themselves at Seabright. where
they" are camping. The tenta for the chil
dren are provided bv the ladies of Calvary
Episcopal Church of thi«« city and they
also supply the camp with food.
Outing cf Orphans at Santa Cruz.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFJAEL. Aug. 27.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day canvassed the returns
of the Incorporation election held in Mill
Valley last Friday and found that the
place was legally incorporated.
The fierce contest that was waged
among the residents of that place priof
to the election promises to be carried to
the courts. The anti-incorporationists,
who lost the election, promise to tight tf>
the last ditch. Among other irregularitiea
which, they declare marked the election,
is that eight or ten votes were cast un
people who were improperly registered.
They claim that some of the summer resi
dents of the valley In their desire to carry
the election voted despite the fact that
they had not registered within the pre
scribed forty days.
Anti-Incorporationists of Mill Valley
to Contest the Election.
WILL GO TO THE COURTS.
dates and Indorses Castle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, Aug. 27.— The - Democratic
Convention held here to-day resulted m
the nomination of the following:
For Superior Judge— E. N. Rector.
For Supervisors— A. B. Hamilton, T.
Price and G. H. Whitworth.
For Justice of the Peace— Jefferson
Fruit.
The convention indorsed C. H. Castle
for Congressman from the Seventh Con
gressional District and J. W. Haley for
Assemblyman from the Fifty-seventh Dis
trict.
Democratic Club at Boulder Creek.
Soecial Disnatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 27.— A Bryan and
Stevenson Club has been organized at
Boulder Creek. The officers are:
President— W. S. Rodgers.
Secretary — J. H. Prince.
Treasurer— A. L. Dairlay.
Committee on by-laws— A. L. Davelay,
Samuel Hubbs and M. C. Swarthout.
The club starts with a good membership
and will meet weekly in Firemen's Hall.
County Convention Names Candi-
MES.CED DEMOCRATS.
Electors on the Ticket.
BOISE, Idaho, Aug. 27.— The Democratic
and Populist leaders are gathered here
for the purpose of arranging a fusion as
tentatively agreed on at the recent con
ference in Chicago. The plan is to have
the Populists take down their Electors
and they are to be glvep the Representa
tive in Congress, State Auditor and Mine
Inspector. There has been much talk to
the effect that there might be trouble in
bringing about the arrangement, but
those Interested appear to feel confident
it will be accomplished. The formal con
ference Is to begin to-morrow, between the
executive committees of the three silver
parties.
Democrats Dicker to Obtain the
FUSION PLAN IN IDAHO.
Santa Rosa Land Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAXTA ROSA, Aug. 27.-A. Boyer. a
San Francisco attorney, was In the Supe
rior Court to-day to argue his motion
that a sale of randy property valued at
$5000, made under foreclosure to' the Pa
cific Mutual Life Insurance Company of
San Francisco, is invalid, and that the
title i3 vested in himself. The sale was
made in 1S35. The corporation sold the
property to Philip Brewer, who now has
possession. Boyer contends that he has
acquired title through purchase from one
of the defendants to the foreclosure suit,
who was never legally deprived of owner
ship. The question involved Is whether a
defendant can be served with summons
by publication after the return of. the
summons has been -made to the court.
The Pacific Mutual Company is defend
ing the action, being represented by ex-
Judge Low of San Francisco. Judge
Dougherty has taken the matter under
advisement.
Arguments of an Attorney in a
FINE POINT IN LAW.
FRESNO, Aug. 27. — Harris Ledsinger. a
young man -who has lived In Fresno for
years and is well known as a baseball
player and pugilist, was stabbed in the
back at 10 o'clock this morning by a man
named Tom Munyon. The knife wielder
slipped up on his victim and plunged the
weapon into his back before the latter
was aware of the danger.
The affair occurred on I street, and
caused considerable excitement. Led
singer and Munyon had trouble about an
hour previously in a saloon. Munyon ex
hibited 1 a knife, which Ledsinger wrested
from him. Ledsinger then left the resort
and ¦walked ! down the street s.everai
blocks to the place where he was stabbed.
Munyon procured another knife and fol
lowed him by a different route.
Ledsinger is now at the hospital anil
the physicians fear that his wound will
prove fatal. The knlfeblade probably
penetrated one of the kidneys. The motor
nerves controlling the right leg were
severed, paralyzing the limb. If Led
singer recovers he will be a cripple for
life.
Munyon is a morphine fiend and has
been in jail here for numerous petty or-.
fenses.
Knifed by Tom Munyon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Harris I/tdsinger, a Pugilist, Is
FRESNO STABBING AFFRAY.
VALLEJO. Aug. 27.— Lieutenant Com
mander ! Thomas S. Phelps, U. S. N. , has
been ordered before a Beard of Examiners
cn September 10 for. promotion to the
grade of.commandcr. '¦•' His nu<nber has al
ready been made in the commanders' list.
Promotion of a Naval Officer.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 27.— Thousands of tons
of prunes arc being cured at the numer
ous driers throughout the valley, but so
far. only small quantities have been hauled
to warehouses. .But they are coming in
more extensively day by day, and Presi
dent Bond of the California Cured Fruit
Association states that by Sunday next
Association states. that by Saturday next
approximately what the grades and qual
ity will be, and so will feel justified in
making the opening prices for the season
at that time.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 27.— The fire at
Rio Vista last night was checked after
causing a $12,000 loss. At a late hour the
private stable of Josenh Brunlng, at that
place, caught fire. The fire rapidly spread
to the lumber yards of Sullivan & Lar
son, destroying two sheds and their piles
of lumber, together with the firm's office,
entailing a loss of $10,000, on which there
was $2500 insurance. In addition to this
the loss of Bruning was about $2000. The
cause of the fire is not known.
Drying the Prune Crop.
KESWICK. Aug. 27.— The take of
salmon eggs at the United States Fishery
at Baird, on the McCloud River, in this
county, will be exceedingly small this
year. Salmon are running fairly well up
the Sacramento at this point, but foi- some
reason unknown do not go up the Mc-
Cloud. So far. at Baird, only 1,500.000 eggs
have been taken. It is believed only about
5,000.000 eggs in all will be secured this
season, a number ridiculously small com
pared with the take of last season.
Bio Vista Fire Causes S12,000 Loss.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 27.— The Pacific Tri
bune of Lons Beach was attached Saturday at
the instance of the Farmers' and Merchants'
Bank of this city. Later the oil stock of the
Hartford Oil Company was attached for the
same claim of $2490. J. C. Dillon, owner of
the Pacific Tribune, is a director of the oil
company. The claim is for money borrowed
on the credit of the company to develop tha
oil property.
Few Salmon Eggs on the McCloud.
Special Disoatch to .The Call.
MONTEREY, Aug. 27.— C. H. M. Curry Lodge
No. 4121. Knights of Honor, of this place, cele
brated its third anniversary in this city with
much elaboration. Grand Dictator P. L. Ar
chibald, Grand Reporrer Thomas Johnstone
and Supreme Representative Crow from the
Grand Lodue of California were present.
FRESXO, Aujr. 27.— Manuel Castenada was
arrested yesterday at Mendota as the Mexican
sunoosed to be wanted . at Bakersfleld on a
charge of murder. He was working as a sec
tion hand. Nothing Is known here of the ac
cusation.
BUTTE. Mont., Aug 27.— A northbound ex
cursion train on the Oregon Short Line jumped
the track fifteen miles south of Butte last
niKht. . Several persons were Injured, but none
were killed. Ono coach loaded with passengers
turned completely over.
SAXTA CRUZ. Aug. 27.— The Santa Clara
Valley Mill anU Lumber Company has pur
chased the Bear Creek timber land of the Har
mon estate for $22,000.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
i Land Commissioner Hermann, who Is on
his way from the East to Oregon, told the
Chamber of Commerce to-day what his
office is doing toward guarding the forest
reserves In this section and he was shown,
while on the way to and coming from
Mount Lowe, the effects 'of the fire now
raging and the one which recently de
vastated Santa Anita Canyon. The Com
missioner promises to those in charge here
all the assistance needed for the fighting
of fires at any and all times. Orders have
befn given that no expense must be
spared in the matter.
Yesterday the telephone line to Sturte
vants Camp was completed and a mes
sage from there was received by Commis
sioner Border, requesting him to send
fifteen more men to assist in guarding
the east line of the fire and prevent it
from spreading in that direction. Al
though he had some difficulty in securing
men, Mr. Border was able to send a num
ber of men and will have more on the way
to-morrow morning. The force will then
number about eighty. It was reported
from Sturtevants Camp tjiat the fire has
spread on the north side of the west fork
of the San Gabriel River and the south
side of ' the Tcjunga River, between
Devils' Canyon -and Short Cut. A fire
break is being made to the west and north
of the fire line and it ia believed that the
progress of the flames will there receive a
decided check. The area of fore3t al
ready destroyed is estimated at from five
to ten square miles. Pine Flats has
not yet been reached and the rangers
think that the fire will be prevented from
going that far.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 27. — Ten square
miles of forest reserve In the San Gabriel
reservation have already been swept by
fire and still the flames are devouring the
timber.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
Special DlFratch to The Call.
SISSON, Aujr. 27.— Some deer hunters
have discovered an immense snowsllde at
the base of Mount Shasta, just north of
this town, that must have occurred some
time during the r>ast winter. This im
mense bank of snow is.sonio three mites
below where the snow*line is during the
summer season, and is over half a mile
long, hundreds of feet wide and in places
a hundred feet deep. This great slide is
a mile below timber line and has left a
path through the forest where all the
trees have been broken and leveled to the
ground. Great silver fir trees four feet
in circumference were broken off like
pipe stems. From the appearance of the
ground traveled over, the slide must have
occured while the ground was frozen, for
no rocks. are In sight. . .
LITTLE PALOMA SuilRAIVlM
INSPIRED BY' YOSEMITE
New Composition by Child Pianiste
to Be Heard at To-Morrow's
Concert.
Little Paloma Schramm, the. wonderful
child pianiste, will be heard in concert
on Wednesday and Saturday afternoons
at Sherman & Clay Hall. Paloma has
just returned from Yosemlte and an "Im
promptu de Yosemite" Is her latest com
position. Another new composition by
Paloma which will be heard at her forth
coming concert is a beautiful Pastorale,
in which Paloma gives musical" expres
sion to old-time shepherd life in Europe.
At the concerts Paloma will have the
assistance of her gifted little sister Karla.
The programme for Wednesday is as
follows: .
Fpntasle, D minor (Mozart); Gavotte, Saint
Saens (Uach): adagio from sonata op. 10, No.
1 (Depthoven); impromptu, op. 29 (Chopin):
vanatlonen (Schubert); "Hark! Hark! the
I-.ark" (Schubert-Liszt): impromptu de- Yo
sf»mlt<\ op. 2D (Paloma); valse caprice, op. 18
(Paloma); "Walthpr's Prleslied" (Wagner-
Bemlel), from the opera "Melstersinger"; "I^es
Deux Alouettcs" (LeBehetlzkl); "Warun?"
(Schumann); en price, op. 30 (l'aloma); pastor
ale, op. 22 (Paloma); ouverture from "Dichter
unti Uauer" (Suppe), duet played by Karla and
Paloma. ' •
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
CORTE MADERA, Aug. 27.— McCullan's
Camp, at this place, was burned about 10
o'clock to-night. Three tents, with all
their contents, were destroyed and the
occupants barely escaped with their lives.
The camp la on the JlcCue tract and is
one of a great number that located here
this summer. About 10 o'clock the camp
ers retired and left a. number of Japanese
lanterns burning. One of the lanterns up-
Bet and the first warning tho* campers had
cfttneir danger was when the llames ran
up one side of a tent. Rushing out, the
terrified women gave the alarm and as
sistance came from the adjoining camp
ers.
G. H. Blake, the station agent; G. Fran
cis Lawlor, James Connor and Michael
Scanlan did all in their power to save the
property In danger, but without avail.
When the flames spread to the grass, how
ever, they saved the country, from a big
fire, as a stroDg wind was blowing at the
time.
Thc young ladies who, found themselves
homeless for the night were Pearl Gould,
Edna Smith, Emily Smith and Jennie
Perry. Miss Gould fainted while trying
to save something from the burning tents.
She narrowly escaped serious injury. No
one was injured save Michael Conlan.
who sustained a severe burn on the left
leg. The burnt-out campers were taken
care of by their neighbors for the night.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
sions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug.' 27.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— Katherine E.
Grisingher, Guadaloupe; John E. How,
Daulton.
The postofflces at San Jacinto, Cal., and
Tillamook, Or., will become Presidential
October 1; salaries, Postmasters, $1300 and
$1000 respectively. Rural free delivery
will lie established at Santa Ana, Orange
County, Cal., September 1.
Pensions issued: California— Original-
John McKinley, Undine. $6; Samuel Hew
itt Sonora. $6; William J. W'eldy, Modes
to.' $6; Peter S. Merrill, Oakland, $6. In
crease—I *evi B. Oswell, Stockton, $10.
Oregon: Original— William Charley,
Climax, $12. ,~*
Washingttjn: Original — Charles P. Long
fellow, Seattle, $S. Increase — John Moore,
Spokane. $S; Michael Markey, Wilbur, $S.
Midwinter Polo and Pony Meet.
DEL MONTE, Aug. 27.— It is stated here
that the Pacific Coast Polo and Pony
Racing Association, which closed its an
nal meeting here two weeks ago, has de
cided upon holding a midwinter meet at
this resort, and that hereatter regular
semi-annual meets will be held here In
August and December. It Is also stated
that preparations for the racing pro
gramme for the coming December meet
are already under way.
Senator Mason Leaves for the East.
FRESNO. Aug. 27. — Senator Mason of
Illinois left for Chicago to-night. He was
taken for a drive and expressed astonish
ment at the magnitude of the wine and
raisin industry. He has traveled 20,000
miles thus far, accompanied by his wife
and four children. "My idea is," he said,
"to make the young people acquainted
with their own country before they go to
foreign lands."
Preferred Death to Poverty.
Special Dispatch to The Call. • # »
SAN JOSE, Aug. 28.— William Perry, an
inmate of the Almshouse, committed sui
cide yesterday by drowning, tie de
liberately lay down in a stream of water
thirteen Inches deep. On several previous
occasions he had attempted to kill him
pelf. Perry was a native of Ireland and
62 years of age.
• • *"
Ten Square Miles of Timber Is Al
ready Destroyed and the Fire Is
Spreading in the San Ga
briel Canyon.
FLAMES DEVOURING
FOREST RESERVES
BIG SNOWSLIDE
AT SHASTA'S BASE
Deer Hunters Discover the Immense
White Bank That Mowed a Wide
Path Through the Pine
Forests.
McCLLAN'S CAMP
A PREY TO FIRE
Japanese Lanterns the Cause of a
Disaster at Corte Madera That
Deprives an Outing Party
of Shelter.
REDDING, Aug. 27. — A curious phenomeno'n of nature is in evidence at the farm of
William Hobbs in the Sands Flat country. Following an unaccounted for explosion
in a well on that place, the water has become black as ink and is churning and boiling
uncannily, like the fabled witches' caldron.
The Hobbs home is about six miles northeast of Redding. Unlike the majority of
the wells in that region, the one on the Hobbs place has contained good water. Thursday
night the members of the Hobbs family heard a terrific explosion. The windows rattled and
articles in the house were knocked over. All the members of the family were awakened by
the shock and they were puzzled to account for the unusual noise. Then the head of the
household went out to investigate. From the direction of the well he heard a hissing, bub
bling noise. Further investigation showed the water in the well to be foaming and churning.
Spray was flying high in the air. The family was nonplused and decidedly" uncomfortable,
not knowing what might happen next.
When daylight came they saw that instead of the sparkling, crystal fluid, the water was
black as ink. It tasted of salt and oil and felt greasy. The odor of gas about the well was
strong. The water does not rise in the well, although it continues to boil and remains black
and of a bad taste.
Sunday night F. Dobrowsky, a reputable Redding jeweler, visited the place and saw the
wonderful well. He said he experienced an uncomfortable sensation in looking down on the
churning mass. . The mystery connected with it seems uncanny. The well is in a region
that has every sign of harboring oil. The general opinion concerning the action of the Hobbs
well is that it is caused by gas escaping through the water from the depths below.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Crystal- Fluid irr a Shasta Govmty Farm Well
Turns J^itcKy irv a Night After a
Terrific .Detorxatiorv
RURAL MAIL DELIVERY
A SUCCESS AT SANTA CRUZ
Postmaster Lincoln Improves the
Service to the Satisfaction of
Country Folk.
Er^clpl Dispatch to The Call. •
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 27.— Postmaster
Lincoln has -wonderfully improved the
rurpl delivery service lately established
in this end of the county. Five regulation
mail boxes have been placed at different
points along the route. The registry serv
ice has been extended to the district and
the carrier now will receive, receipt for
and register matter. The carrier also re
ceives mail matter and cancels the
etarr.ps. thus insuring immediate delivery
of mail matter instead of returning such
rnatter to the town office for cancellation.
ts heretofore.
That the rural route is appreciated is
evident, as II.OjO pieces of mall matter
•were handled by the rural route carrier
during July.
CAPTAIN WILLIAMS
SECURES HIS LIBERTY
Slayer of Conductor Martin Furnishes
Bail at Stockton in the Sum
of 825,000.
STOCKTON. Aug. 27.— Captain Al "Wil
liams, who has been under arrest since
the first of the month charged with the
murder of Conductor William J. Martin.
v-p to-dav admitted to bail in the sum
at 'VZ 000 The list of bondsmen numbered
eventcen and some of the richest men
U the" county were on the list. jThe sure
t • c as E'-on as they had been qualified,
v sre receJred by Judge Budd and the
p =oner was released from custocy.
FOB CORTE MADERA.
Bcnntiful Supply Is Obtained by
Tunneling Hills.
flTl i rMppatrh to The Call, j
SAJ RAFAEL. Aug. 27.-The town of
Cor:e Vadera will hereafter be well sup
plied .-ah water. M. C. Chapman, a
l-opcrty owner in the town, to-day
Stated hat he will supply those needing
wau-r. . K O r some time he has had ineii
lit work-irivirg a tunnel in the hill back
cf the to-.- n The tunnel has proved a suc
effs. «h< flow of water being 16.000 gal
iosf= a <"a- The enormous flow has been
a to every one. Development
w<tks wil. be pushed nit the water is ie
qulted. T)<-re will be a pood pressure.
whVh ir.st.res protection against disas
tro* Jlrt'S.
Desperadoes Break Jail in Montana.
Rip LOIX.E. Mont., Aug. 27.— A whole
pale fail dr-ii ery occurred hero Sunday
morring. Paries outside the j.all pried a
vlndrvv bar Jnd op^n^d the cells with
hkelc-tn kpys. Frank Woodstock, an al
leged B<.orsetbi<f; Dick Johnson, a half
hr<:-edlwhr» stalled a white man at Jollet
Ja^t wtek; Tinker, an alleged forger, and
John WilSurn. uiias Walden, wanted at
O!ayt<9. N. M., for cattle stealing and
Jail bribing, escaped. It is supposed the
four rran have gone into Wyoming to join
the "*** in the wall" gang of desper
adoes. This is th>. third time the jail has
been oifned from the outside within two
years. 1
Unexpectedly the Opposition Ticket
Wins at the Primaries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Aug. 27.— The Republican
primaries held last Saturday created but
little Interest except at Davisville. The
caucus named a delegation favorable to
the nomination of George Pierce for the
Assembly. The election proceeded quiet
ly and it was not known that there was
any opposition until the count commenc
ed. The ballots for the opposition ticket
were printed in Woodland. The opposition
ticket was elected by a vote of nearly
three to one. Two names appeared on
both tickets.
It has been generally supposed that
John Reith Jr. of Woodland would be a
candidate for the Republican nomination
for the Assembly, but he announces that
his business engagements are such ' that
it is impossible for him to accept. This
leaves Mr. Pierce the only candidate so
far mentioned.
YOLO REPUBLICANS.
Enthusiastic Is the Convention at
Marysville.
Ereclal Dlsratch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Aug 27.— At the Repub
lican County Convention to-day, E. T.
Manwell was chairman and H. B. Pear
den secretary.
Nominations wore as follows:
Supervisors — A. C. Irwin. Second Dis
trict; John Steinman, Third District; W.
C. McMillan. Fourth District.
Indorsed for Congressman from the
Second District— E. A. Forbes.
The following executive committee was
chosen: Wallace Dinsmore, chairman; H.
B. P. Carden. secretary; A. H. Redding
ton, G. W. Hall, E. T. Manwell, A. T.
Whcaton. R. H. Wells.
Thft Hon. Judson Brusie addressed the
meeting. He also opened the campaign
here to-night by a strong speech in the
theater. There was a large audience and
the FDeaker was frequently applauded on
the many logical and eloquent allusions
to the grand old party. Mention of Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt evoked enthusiastic
applause.
YUBA REPUBLICANS.
Seventh District Republicans Choose
Their Candidate for Congress.
SAX DIEGO, Aug. 27.— J. C. Needham
was renominated by acclamation for Con
gress at the Republican Congressional
Convention of the Seventh California Dis
trict at Coronado Beach to-day. No other
candidate was presented. A resolution
pledging: the candidate to work for the
completion of the necessary improvements
of San Diego harbor and indorsing the ad
ministration of President McKinley was
adeptefl unanimously. Following is a por
tion of the resolutions adopted:
The Rejjublican party of the Seventh Con
greEEional District of California by its repre
sentatives In convention assembled at Coro
nado Beach on this, ¦ the 27th day of August,
1800. hereby pledges itself to the principles and
policies set forth in the platform adopted by
the Xational Republican Convention on July
19 at the city of Philadelphia.
V>'e congratulate ourselves upon being rep
resented in the present CongTess by the Hon.
J. C. Needham. whose course during his first
term in national affairs has reflected credit
upon himself and his constituents, and whose
untiring industry and efforts have resulted in
favorable local legislation of vast Importance
to his district, and we believe the material in
terest of this district demand his return to
ConsTess.
The , importance of San Diego harbor, by
rfifi«on of its geographical location and Its
I rapidly Browing commerce, as well as being a
j strong Ftrategric point, renders the Improvement
' of said harbor of the utmost importance, both
I from a local as well as a national standpoint,
and we therefore demand of Congress a suf
ficient appropriation to complete *he jetty in
accordance with, the plans therefor designed
and adopted by the War Department, and a
sufficient appropriation to dredge the bar ¦ to
a depth of thirty feet at low tide, and such
an amount as may be necessary to straighten
the channel at the harbor entrance; and as a
river and harbor bill will be presented at the
next meeting of Congress In December, we.
pledge the nominee of this convention to use
i his utmost efforts in obtaining recognition of
i this demand by embodying the necessary pro
visions in said bill.
The large amount of arid lands in this as
well as other Western States renders it im
' portant and desirable that the Xational Gov
ernment should adopt such measures as will
conserve the flood waters for use in aid of
irrigation of eaid lands, thus opening up a vast
territory for settlement and development of
i natural resources.
i The horticultural Interest of this department
; Is ono of the chief industries of our people and
we pledge the nominee of this .convention to
unalterably oppose any measure which would
result In lessening the protection now afforded
the horticulturists tinder the tariff blll'enacted
by the present Republican administration.
«
NEEDHAM THE NOMINEE.
Fawcett and Voorhees Are the Prom
inent Candidates, but Neither of
Them May Gain the Cov
eted Nomination.
, •
SEATTLE. Wash.. Aug. 27.— The oppo
sition forces In this State to the Repub
lican party are holding their convention
In this city. They went into session at
2 o'clock and did not adjourn except for
a short period until late to-night. The
Populists are' holding their convention In
Gertnania Hall, the Democrats in the
Armory and the silver Republicans In
Masonic Hall. The convention will be In
session to-morrow and may not adjourn
sine die until Wednesday or Thursday.
The most significant development to-day
lies In the apparent defeat of the Rogers
slate, which carries with it Governor Rog
ers as the fusion nominee for the office
he now occupies. The Populists have de
clared from the start that they would
not stand for Rogers. The leaders of the
party had held a number of anti-Rogers
caucuses and felt satisfied that their
party would be against Rogers first, last
and all the time. They figured correctly,
for when the Por>ulist Convention met.
State Land Commissioner Bridges was
elected chairman by a good majority.
Bridges is bitter in his opposition to the
Governor and in all his rulings favored
the anti-Rogers' element. He was author
ized to name the committee of five to con
fer with like committees from the other
conventions. Each man he named is
against Rogers. The Populists went so
far as to declare outside of the convention
hall that they would not confer with the
other committees unless the latter agreed
to eliminate Rogers from the race.
The Rogers men in the DemoeraticCon
vention were fully aware of the Populist
opposition to Rogers, but declared that
thev would nominate him on a straight
Democratic ticket and allow the Populists
to put an independent ticket in the field.
Tom Vance, Assistant Attorney General,
was made temporary chairman of the
Democratic Convention. Rogers and anti-
Rogers people united on him. The Rog
ers people have maintained for several
days that they would control the conven
tion by a good majority. To-night's ses
sion proved this claim to be without
basis of fact. Senator George Turner was
nominated by them for permanent chair
man. Charles G. Helfner was nominated
by the anti-Rogers people and was elected
by a majority of five or six. The anti-
Rogers people say the vote was a true test
of strength and Rogers, it would seem to
night. Is out of the race.
Fawcett of Pierce County or Voorhees
of Spokane is likely to be nominated, al
though there is opposition to both and the
convention may unite on a dark horse.
The silver Republicans have done noth
ing and seem willing to stand by the work
of the Populist and Democratic conven
tions.
?
Opponents of the Governor
Triumph in a Test
of Strength.
DARK HORSE MAY BE CHOSEN
ROGERS MUST GO,
SAY FDSIOHISTS
OF WASHIHGTON
Dorsey.
Gram! Secretary and Treasurer. Mrs. Mar
garet Curtis.
Grand Deputy, IIIfs T.tary Garretty.
Grand Director?— Mr«. Margaret Dcane, Mrs.
O. C. Kirk. lira. W. M >:io>\ Mrs. Bessie Gal
lagher. Mrs. 1>. K. Looser. Mrs. ftt H. Smith.
Mrs. 8. MeFal.'.en. Mies Mary Tuite. Dr. Eliza
beth Lynch, llrs. E. J. Thomas. ;irs. K. Stev
enot.
Past President* of ¦' branches— M:s? Maria
Flynn. Mrs. M. Carr. No. 1: Utn UZXfa Horn.
Xo. 2; Mis>s Julia Weber. Stoc'.itcn.
The delegates from the various branches
arc:
Oakland No. 1— Miss Jennie X-T^an. Mrs. II.
McAllister. Mrs. M. Oi!Uert. I.Ira. Ham Ccl<?
m.-in. .
S*rJ Fianclpo X?. : — Mr?. T. Por.ler^nJt.
Mrs. M. Lrn-.bert. Mra. A. I). JTasuire. Miss
Monnhan.
Alanidia Xr>. Z— Mi«g K. Joitymour. Mrs. T.
r>y»r MiF3 Uillie S<?e»«»y. Mi.=s Mayme Ilissins.
Gilro- No. 6— Mlsa K. Culler. Mrs. A. U.
Ward. Mrs. Margaret Kickman, Misa Mar
guerite Walsh.
Stockton X.->. 7— Mra. M. Murray. Mrs. J. T.
r>Nle, Mrs. Morr!sey. Mrs. Hopkins.
Pan Francisco No. R— Miss J. Mitcholl. Mlsa
Anita O"l,oary.. Mr?. K. P. Brertnan, Mts« Km-
San Francisco No. 10— Mr<*. M. Evrnps. Mlsa
Annie Burke. Mrs. E. C. Curtis, Miss LHIia
San Frinclsco No. 11— Miss Mlr.nle Spfllrmn.
Mi53 Kate Tully. Mrs. E. O Nei'.. SUM Mar
garet Marshall.
Santa Cruz 5fa 13— Mr*. 31. O'Keefe. MiM
Millie Regan. Mrs. J. \V. Martin. Mrs. N. Han-
San Lats Ohlspo Xo. IT — Miss Mayite Braiiy.
Mi?? Fidelia Hugh?ton, Miss Lizzie Mud!. Mlsa
BlmdiTiA Dana. L* ,
South San Franrisco Xo. 1?— M!sa Anr.l*» Paly.
San Franc!«co No. IX— Mrs. O. S. Carvil. Mra.
M Holmes. Mrs. J. S. Adams.
San Francisco No. 10— Mrs. J. D. Sullivan.
Hnlll-ter-Mrs. K.' J. Breen. Mrs. N. Snlb
ley. Miss Mary Hudner. Miss Mary Sullivan.
Santa Rosa No. 22— Mrs. W. E. Healy. Miss
Charlotte Aubrey. Mrs. Mary Plover. Mrs.
* Pan a Rafael No." 2+-Mr«i. M. F. SpeHman, Miss
Loretta Caesar. Mlsa Margaret Short. Miss
Ian Fraiiclsco No. 25— Mrs. K. Sheafer.
SANTA CRUZ, Au^. JT.-Delegatea are
arriving at Hotel del Mar for the thir
teenth annual Grand Council of the Cath
olic Ladies" Aid Society that convenes to
morrow. •
The officers of the Grand Council are:
President. Mrs. Itarraret Deane.
Senior Vice Presi<i«-nt. Mrs. Marietta Fitz
gerald, who will preside in t!ie absence cf the
grand president.
Ornnd Junior Vice President, Mrs. M. F.
Officers and Members of the Associa
tion Who Are Now Registered
at the Resort by the
Seaside.
Special Dt.-ratch to The Call.
Many Delegates Gather at
Hotel Del Mar in
Santa Cruz.
THE CONVENIIQN BEGINS TO-DAY
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 27.— A number of
Indians engaged in a fight near the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway depot to
day, with the result that at least one red
man was seriously, perhaps fatally, stab
bed, and a sauaw was. terribly beaten.
The Indians secured a quantity of liquor
and after consuming It began a free fight.
The two leading belligerents were the
Carillo brothers, who figured in a stab
bing affray here a few weeks ago. Ono
of them knocked his brother insensible
with a coupling pin and then had to de
fend himself against a combined attack
from the other Indians. The squaw en
deavored to assist him and received ter
rible blows about the head. CarUlo re
ceived several ugly knife thrusts and sank
to the ground. ,
When the cfn"cers reached the scene
they found the woman half dead, cower
ing under a shed. She was with difficulty
induced to come out, and begged plteous
ly to be locked up. fearing further vio
lence from the Indians if she wero not
protected. The officers lodged her in th<»
County Jail, where her injuries Wfre at
tended to. The police are now hunting
for the other participants In the fight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One of the Red Men Is Severely
Stabbed and a Squaw Is Badly
Battered With a Coup
ling Pin.
STRICTuY A TRIBAL AFFAIR
Under Stimulus of Copious
Draughts of Rum They
Fight Fiercely.
INDIANS TAKE
THE WARPATH
AT SANTA BOSA
GRAND COUNCIL
CATHOLIC LADIES'
AID SOCIETY
Petaluma Teacher Writes From Nome
I>enyirjg a Sensational Story.
Src-c'-al DisDatch to The Call.
PETALUMA, Aug. 27.— A letter was re
ceived here Sunday from Miss Florence
Mauzy at N'cme. directly contradicting the
letter written by her companion. Miss
Cora Young. Miss Mauzy and Miss
Young, throug-h the influence of Loyal X<
"Wirt. obtained positions this Bummer a-s
teachers in the Alaskan schools. Ac
cording to a letter which Miss Young re
cently write to a relative in Oakland the-,
¦were woefully deceived by Mr. Wirt. She
stated that when they arrived at Nome
there were no schools in existence and
rione In process of construction. The
Government knew nothing of their con
tract and would in no way make pro-
Visions for them, and at the time
the letter was posted they were in desti
tute circumstances. Instead of being in
destitute circumstances Miss Mauzy
states that they are residing in the same
house in which Mr. "VVIrt and his family
lived during their c-ojourn in the north.
School was opened on the Cth of August,
a short time after their arrival. Even If
they had been disappointed in obtaining
a. school they would have lost nothing as
they had been transported at the expense
of the Government and were at liberty to
return in the same manner.
TEACHERS NOT SUFFERING.
SAX JOSE. Aug. 2T.-One of the most
bastardly crimes in the category, result
ing in the death of a mother, when she
earned knowledge of her daughters fate,
was perpetrated on little Grace Gamble.
a 11-year-old girl. In the eastern suburbs
of the city last night.
James M. Gamble, who conducts a brick
yard, and resides on Senter road, opposite
Phelan avenue, and family attended serv
ice at the United Presbyterian Church,
corner of Fifth and Santa Clara streets,
last night. Mr. and Mrs. Gamble went
xiome by streetcar, but the children—
Grace and her two brothers. Wilbur and
Elroy, aged 17 and 14 respectively—start
ed to walk, cs they wished to visit an
older brother living on South Eighth
street. They spent a short time at tneir
brother's, leaving there about 10 '.'clock.
Tha boys agTeed to take a cow home with
them. At Ninth and Margaret streets
Grace ran aiiead across the lots and came
out on Keyts and Eleventh streets. A
young man passing in a buggy hailed her,
calling her by the name of Laura. She
caid she was not the person addressed.
Ke then told her to get in the buggy and
lie would take her home. The pin inno
cently complied. Her brothers nad seen
her get in a bupgy and hastened toward
"her, but the man whipped h;s horse and
etarte-d before they were in hailing dis
tance.
As the bugg^ came to the girl's house
The stranger refused to let her out. Mrs.
Gamble was standing at the gats waiting
for. the children. The girl screamed. This
note of alarm conveyed to the mother the
danger her daughter was in. and she im
mediately went into hysterics. The boys
coon rushed home, and Wilbur mounted
his wheel and tried to follow the buggy.
uhen but a short distance awav he met
Ms sister cominp home crying." and re
lated that Ihe ptranger had taken her to
the Pholan Tract and brutally attacked
Jier.
Meanwhile physicians had been sum
moned to attend Mrs. Gamble, and,
though they did their best during the
right for her recovery, their efforts were
unavailing ar .d she died this morning at
&:30 o'clock.
Grace can give but little description of
her assailant. She said he was smooth-
Fhaved and wore a buttonhole bouquet.
He was in a top buggy, drawn by a dark
hor«e. The police and Sheriff's office are
at work on the case and have what they
think is a good clew. A suspect was ar
rested early this morning, but he proved
to lw» the wrong- man.
Mrs. Margaret M. Gamble was 52 years
cf ape.
Unknown Villain Abducts a Young
Girl on Her Way Home From
Church and Brutally
Attacks Her.
Special X>lsr>ateh to The Call
VIOLATION OF AN INNOCENT
Awful Crime at San Jose
Brings Woe Unto a
Household.
CHILD'S DREAD
FATE CAUSES A
MOTHER'S DEATH
BLACK WATERS BOIL AND BUBBLE
AS IN FABLED WITCHES' CALDRON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1900.
HARRY CORSON CLARKE, the
dyspeptic actor who once upon a
time insisted that Frawley and
Blanche Bates were married, has
contracted the molasses candy habit un
til he has become the sweetest tempered
man in the business..
Clarke took to the molasses candy habit
some few months ago while an inmate of
a Chicago hospital. He was taking the
milk diet as a cure for trouble,
and while tossing his eighty-six pounds of
wretched humanity on his bed of agony
his eyes turned in the direction of a
neighboring cot, where a small boy was
munching some molasses candy. Clarke
watched the boy, with eager, hungry eyes.
Then he thought' of the milk that . was
about to be brought to him, and gathering
up his courage, asked for a piece of thi:
sticky stuff. The small boy gave it. Cor
son ate and from that moment hla health
began to Improve. In less than a month
afterward the actor was discharged from
the hospital/completely cured. He claims
that the molasses camly did it. ¦¦¦'_:¦
There "is only one unfortunate- incident
connected with Clarke's cure and that is
that. the actor has an aggravated case of
molasses candy habit. He won't eat any-
•'I am doing all I can to control my
passion for molasses candy. It saved mv
life,' but I' am told I will die by it ir-"l
am not careful. If I ate all I wanted of
it I might grow to he as heavy again as
I am, and I now weigh 13S pounds. ¦
"I don't believe molasses candy will ruin
my ¦ stomach, which - It has benefited so
much., 1 am glad to make my experience
public; it will make the way easier for
any sufferer." . ..
Then^ there are others who tell of a
molasses candy jag, but Clarke declares
there Is not one word of truth in it and
that what his friends mistook for a jag
was simply a case of well-earned molasses
candy indigestion. Clarke's strange case
is attracting" the attention of New York
ers and with the hope that suffering hu
manity may benefit . by means of the
strangecuro. Clarke yesterday gave out
the following statement to the New York
press for publication.
thing but the sticky stuff. He has It for
breakfast, lunch and dinner and nibbles
at It between meals. His Intimate friends
even assert that he takes It to bed with
him to chew on between dreams and that
the other morning he was found sticking
to his couch in the swell Waldorf-Astoria
in New York glued down with ribbons of
brown taffy.
CORSON CLARKE IS A
MOLASSES CANDY FIEND
LOS AXGEI.ES, Aug. 27.— William Whitney.
75 years old. fell from, a cliff twenty-live fe*t
at Catallna Island yesterday onrt was killed.
He was the father of Mrs. Clara Shot to, who
cave Sunset I'ark to the city. "
Tulare I>emocratic Convention.
3
ADVEBTISZMEITT3.
We thrill at the story of "Curfew
shall not ring to-night." Yet it is
melodramatic and commonplace be-
side the peril every woman runs who
faces motherhood. Women are
strangely self-forgetful. The ex-
altation of the fact of motherhood
blinds them often to its peril. Yet
the husband who can bear no tithe
of the mother's pain or peril owes it
to himself to see that his wife is in
that condition of sound health which
minimizes the risk both to mother
and child. Many husbands have
expressed their gratitude for Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription, be-
cause, it makes the pain of mother-
hood practically nothing and reduces
the risk to its lowest possible point.
"Five years my wife was in an almost
nelplcss condition, suffering from female
weakness, * write* J. S. Ererritt, Esq.. of
Hagerman. Washington Co.. Fla. "iiast
September I decided to have her try Dr.
Pierce's Favorite- Prescription. She toot
several Lotties of th« medicine and gave
birth to a ten pound son on January jist,
1S99. She is now sound and well and coins
her liouscwort."
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser 1008
pages sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay cost of mailing only. Send ax
one-cent stamps for paper-bound vol-
nme or 31 stamps for cloth binding,
to Dr. R. V. 3*ierce. Buffalo, N. Y.CORBETT AND M'COY
ARE TRAINING HARD
Dr. W. D. Turner Held Awaiting Re
sult of Injuries -to a Man He
Pushed From a Car.
CHICAGO. Aug. 27.— Dr. W. D. Turner,
a prominent and wealthy physician of
Pasadena, Cal., and a member of John I.
Godfrey Post, G. A. R., of that city, is In
the custody of the police awaiting the
outcome of the injuries inflicted on Daniel
J. Carroll, who lies at. the point of death
in a hospital with a fracture of the skull
and hemorrhage of the brain.
Dr. Turner was riding on a streetcar
when Carroll entered, and. It is alleged
abused the doctor, afterward attempting
to strike him. In the struggle Carroll was
pushed from the car.j-trlking on his head.
Storms in Germany.
BERLIN, Aug. 27— During the last few
days terrific thunderstorms have caused
PASADENA MAN IS
' ARRESTED IN CHICAGO
CHICAGO. Aug. 27.-The Chicago Plum-
b £T s 'v Unl0 " at a meeting to-night called
oftitne strike which was ordered a week
ago. The men,. 400 in number, will return
to '.work to-morrow. .
Strike Called Off.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.-The extreme hot
weather continued to-day and the weather
bureau says the heat will last two da vs
longer. Eleven deaths from the heat
were reported to-day.
Eleven Deaths From Heat.
LONDON, Aug. 2S.-"The present epi
demic of cholera," says the Simla corre
spondent of the Daily Mall, "is one of
Ineworst outbreaks on record. The bu
bonic plague is child's play compared with
it. - -Tho. natives -are' dying -like flies, at
the rate of 3000 a week. The epidemic is
undoubtedly due to the pollution of the
scanty water supply during the famine."
Natives Dying idke Flies.
The midweek reserve stake at Union
Park will be for sixty-four dogs, many of
which are exceptionally fast goers. The
drawing, held at Pythian Castle last
night, resulted as follows: ¦
Chlarini Bros.' Brass Button \t>. J. Maher's
(namete) Swedish; Bterl & Knowles" Amarosa
vs. .H. -Lynch* s Claiborne; !•. F. Bartels' Ban
ner Bright vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Lady
Emma; D. Dillon's Eurc>r>a vs. J. Maher'a
(names) Emma M: George Shartnan'* Bowery
Boy vs. George Sharman's Bonaparte: T. J.
Cronin's Wild Tralee vs. Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Miss Allen: Sterl & Knowles* Sle«ty
Mist vs. H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot: J. L.
Koss* Montauk vs. Pasha. Kennels' Rapid Ad
dition; J. L. Ross' (names) Wild ¦ Wave ts.
Pasha Kennels* May Hempstead;; Condrey *
Rousht's Homeward Bound vs. T. J. Cronin's
Daisy Dale: Pasha Kennels' Rival's Answer
v8.:Chlartni Bros.' Bunco Bill: Lv F. Bartels"
Baron Blood vs. Erwin & Lyons' Silver Lyon;
Maher & Reid's Bad Boy va. E. M. Kellogg's
Iowa Boy; W. C. Badger's Alameda tad vs.
Fast Dogs Will Kill Hares Wednes
day for Usual Reserve Stake
Prizes.
DRAWING OF MIDWEEK
STAKE AT UNION PARK
Fcurth race, running, six and a half furlonfrs
purse, $175.
Grand Sachem. 109 (Frawley), S to 5.: 1
Kl Mido, 113 (Shaw)/ 8 to 5 T..... •>
Loconomo. Ill (Evans). 3 to 1 jj
Dolore and Twinkle Twlnk also ran. Mc-
Farland, Diamond and Greyhurst left at post.
Time— 1 :20.
Third racp. running, five furlongs; purse $123.
Lady Heloise. lffl (Russell). 3 to 5 1
Reau Monde, 112 (Duffy), 3 to 1 2
Fine Shot. 9«. (Brodleu). 8 to 1 3
Zem Zen. Tres Jolie, Galene, Nettle Clark
and Onyx also ran.
Time— 1:02.
Second race, 2:20 class, trotting, best three
rn five: r>urse, $600.
Dolly Ditlon (Paunders) 1 1 1
Alta Vela (Nelson) 2^2
Arrow; (Ftllis) 4 3 3
MUs Barnabee (Durfee) B 4 4
McNally (Hoy) 3 6 5
Time— 2:15. 2:13. 2:13'^.
Time— 2:tl\L, 2:13, 2:13%.
great success. The attendance was large
and the exhibits fine.
For an opening day at the track this
was a record breaker. There was a large
ciowd in the grand stand; the quarter
stretch was filled, and there was a long
lino of vehicles in the center field.
In the 2:18 pace Sam H was scratched.
The other starters were Nopolo, Irvington
Boy, Gaff Topsail. Goshen Jim and Teddy
the Roan. In the pools Goshen Jim was al
most a prohibitive favorite and after the
first heat there was no more pool selling
on the races. Goshen Jim won in straight
heats.
The 2:20 trot was won in straight heats.
"Miss Barnabee was distanced in the first
heat, but allowed to start on account of
a collision. McNaliy broke in the second
heat and was distanced. The summary:
First race. I:1S class, pacing, best three~ia
five; purse, ?60O.
Goshen Jim (Kddy).... Ill
Gaff Tonsall (Smith) 2 2 2
Irvinston Bay (Cecil) 4 3 2
Teddy the Roan (Donathan) 3 4 4
Nopolo (Meredith) 5 5 5
MANSFIELD, O.. Aug. 27.— Lieutenant Gen
eral and Mrs. Nelson A. Miles and the gen
eral's aid-de-camp. Colonel Michler, arrived
here at noon to-day, and will be the guests of
ex-Secretary Sherman until, Tuesday, when
they will leave for Chicago to attend the
Grand Army of the Republic's annual encamp
ment.
FORT WORTH. Tex., Aug. W.— After nearly
twenty years a man turns up here who claims
Jesse James was not killed at St. Joseph, Mo..
by Bob Kord. but that It was a detective who
wan killed. The man says Jesse James Is now
running a grocery store twenty miles from
Trinidad, Colo.
NEW YORK. Aug. 27. — John Davis, the negro
who shot John Urennan (white) In the race
riot here Saturday night, was held to-day in
J100O to await the results of Brennan's Injuries.
Herbert Brooks, another negro In the same riot,
was held for further examination in $1000 for
assaulting James Langley.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27— Acting Superin
tendent Goode of the Yellowstone National Park
in a telegram received to-day by the Secretary
of the Interior, Bays the forest fire thai has
been raging in the park has been extinguished.
The fire was confined mostly to dead and down
timber, and the loss Is not known.
WASHINGTON. Aup. 27.— The census of Bal
timore, as bulletined by the Census Bureau, is
50S.9S7. against 434.433 In 1S90. This is an In
r*ase of 74,518, or 17-15 per cent. The population
of Denver. Colo., is 1S3,SJ!>. against 106.713 in
1SSO. This Is an increase of 27,146, or 25.44 per
cent.
GLASGOW, Ausr. 27.— Three persons (father,
mother and child) who have been certified to
be suffering from bubonic plague have been
placed under the care of the medical author
ities here.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— Rural free
delivery service has been ordered estab
lished at Santa Ana, California, Septem
ber 1.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
much damage in the districts of Stuttgart,
Leipsic and Rostock. Near Rostock the
crops were destroyed by hall, which lay
four inches thick. In Saxony and Thurin
gia. on the other hand, lightning has
caused many destructive fires.
WOODLAND, Aug. 27.— The district fair
Riven under the direction of the Yolo
County Agricultural Association, £ and
which will continue one week, opened to
day. The preparations are as near per
fvet as it is possible to make, and all the
indications point to the most successful
fair ever held in Yolo County, and the
banner district fair of the State for, the
season. The directors and officers of the
association are: Charles Hoppin. presi
dent; C. F. Thomas, secretary; A. Q. Stev
ens, Sam Montgomery, John Relth Jr., C.
F. Burns, A. Mi Britt. William Gibson and
F. H. Owens. They have spared neither
effort nor expense to insure the succes*
of the fair and the citizens of Yolo Cotinty
have zealously aided them In every legiti
mate manner.
There- are more and better trotters and
pacers and a higher class of sprinters
than were ever before seen at a district
fair track in this county. The
exhibit of premium stock is fine
and fairly representative of a county
noted for its fine stock.; The pavilion ex
hibit will not be seen at its best before
Tuesday evening. It will be very interest
ing. The directors have provided a num
ber of first class attractions, and, there
will bo a. fine programme in the pavilion
every week. One of the best features, of
the week promises to.be the music furn
ibhed by a band selected from the best
musicians of the State by Director James
H. .Doolittle of the St. Nicholas Hotel,
San Francisco. " ;
Theopening night at the pavilion was a
Special Dispatch to The Call.
District Fair Opens With a Record-
Breaking, Attendance, Fine Sport
and a Splendid Pavilion
Exhibit.
Trotter and Pacer Take the
$600 Purses at Races
in Woodland.
DOLLY DILLON
AND GOSHEN JIM
THE WINNERS
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— The Postoffice
Department has given a contract to the y
Canadian Development Company. Limited,
to carry letter mail from Skaguay to St.
Michael and Nome from December 1 next
to March 31 next. The route win be via
Dawson. Canada; Forty Mile, Canada;
Eagle, Alaska; Star, Circle City. Rampart,
Xanana, Koyukuk, Nulata and Eaton,
Alaska, a distance of 1603 miles each way.
with a branch from Eaton by Chennlk to
Nome, 240 miles each way. On the main
line there are to be two round trips a
month, leaving Skaguay on the 8th and
22d of each month, running time not to be
exceed sixty days each way between
Skaguay and St. Michael. Also between
Skasuay and Nome. Suitable relay sta
tions will have to be provided by the con
tractor along the route.
The department also has made a con
tract for carrying mail on two trips from
Eaton to Kotzebue Mission, a new Alaska
postoffice, a distance of 400 miles each
way. The'maiH will leave Eaton on Jan
uary 1, 1901, and March 1 following, thirty
days' running time being allowed each
way.
Carrying Contract Awarded to. the
Canadian Development Company.
MAIL FOR NOME.
CITY IS SUDDENLY
PLUNGED INTO DARKNESS
Entries to the pony races of Saturday, Sep
tember 8, and of all pony races thereafter, to
close on the day before the ract. Entrance
free, unless otherwise specified.
In the polo tournament the winning team
will receive four individual cups, valued at
$75 each, as first prize. The second team will
receive four cups of the value of $25 each.
Polo pony race, five furlongs— For ponies 14.2
and under; nurse, $170, of which $100 to first,
$50 to second, $20 to third; weight. 110 pound-".
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 15.
Polo pony race, one-quarter mile— Race for
qualified polo ponies; purse, $170, of which $100
to first. $50 to second, $20 to third; weight,
110-170 pounds.
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 14.
give a silver cup to the rider of the winner;
gentlemen riders; for four- year-olds and over;
owners' handicap: minimum weight, 155
pounds; winner to be eold at auction for $400.
This is for regular racehorses, not for ponies.
Pacific Coast pony championship cup, one
half mile— Purse, $250 and silver cup presented
by Prince Poniatowskl; entrance, $10 each, to
go to the (second horse; gentlemen riders; min
imum weight, 153 pounds: for ponies having
been placed first, second or third at the Mon
terey or Sacramento pony races, 1000; the cup
to be won twice by the same pony at the State
Agricultural Fair before it becomes the prop
erty of the winner; entries to close Tuesday,
September 4, at 4 p. m., with the secretary
at the racetrack.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6.
One-half mile, for ponies — Purse, $170, of
which *100 to first, $50 to second and $20 to
third; $5 entrance, to go to winner; minimum
weight, 110 pounds.
Five furlongs, for ponies— Purse, $170. of
which $100 to first, $50 to second and $20. to
third; $5 entrance, to go to winner; minimum
weight, 110 pounds; entries to close Wednes
day, September 5, at 4 p. m. f with the sec
retary at the racetrack.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8.
Polo tournament, first match, five furlongs —
Race for qualified polo ponies; purse, $170, of
which $100 to the .winner, $30 to the second,
$20 to third; free entrance; weight, 170 pounds.
- MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10.
Polo tournament — Second match.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 11.
Polo tournament— Final match; bending polo
race for ponies; to be run In heats, if neces
sary; cup or $50 to first, cup or $25 to second,
cup or $10 to third.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12.
Polo pony race, one-half rolle — For ponies
14.2 and under: purs^ $170i of which $100 to
first, $50 to second, $20 to third; weight, 170
pounds.
THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 13.
Pony race around stake, with qualified polo
ponies — To be run in heats, if necessary; cup
or $50 to first, cup or $25 to second, cup or
$10 to third.
One mile and a sixteenth — Purse, $300, of
which $50 to second, $25 to third, and State
Agricultural Society to give a silver cup to
the rider of winner; gentlemen riders; for four
year-olds and over; owners* handicap: mini
mum weieht, 170 pounds; winner to be sold
at auction for $400; the winner of gentlemen's
race of Wednesday, September 6, to carry 1
pounds more than he then carried; for regular
racehorses, not for ponies.
(Xot including polo and pony races.)
In all overnight races, an entrance fee of $10
will be charged, to go to the winner.
MOXDAY, SEPTEMBER 3.
Six furlongs, for 3-year-olds and over— Selling
purse, $300, of which $50 to second and $25 to
third: winner to be eold for $600. Five pounds
below the scale for horses entered in the Flash,
Dewcy and Victor stakes. Horses that have
not won a fctake race, or five races of any
value, in 1900, allowed seven pounds, or of
three raoes in 1S00, ten pounds. Of any race
in 3S00. fifteen pounds.
Five furlongs, for 2-year-oldi — Purse $250, of
which $30 to second and $25 to third ; five pounds
lx-low scale. A non-winner of a stake race, • if
a non-winner of three races, allowed five
pcunds; of two races and maidens, seven
pcunds; beaten maidens, twelve pounds.
Seven furlongs, for 3-year-olds and over—Sell
ing purse. $2fO. of which $50 to second and $23
to $200. Winners of three or more races this
races in 1900; winner to be sold for $1000. If
fcr less, three pounds allowed for each $100,
down to $300. Maidens and horses not having
wen any race In laOO allowed five pounds. Beat
en non-winners and beaten maidens allowed ten
jKiunds.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4.
Flash stake — One-quarter of a mile.
One and one-sixteenth miles, for three-year
olds and over — Selling purse. $250. of which $S0
to second and $25 to third: winner to be sold
for $700; if for less, 3 pounds on each $100 down
to $200. Winners of tbre or more races this
year not to be entered for less than $400.
Maidens allowed 7 pounds. •
Six furlomrs, for maidens; three-year-olds
and over— Selling, $2D0, of which $50 to
RTJNNTNG EVENTS.
HAHNESS EVENTS.
MOXDAY. SEPTEMBER 3 — Occidental
Stakes, green race.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 4-Three-year-oId
colt pace. !¦?) class: 2:24 trot.
WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 5—2:25 pace
2:10 trot.
THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 6-2:13 pace, 2:13
tret.
FP.IDAY. SEPTEMBER 7-Drummers* Green
tret.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER S— 2:15 pace. 2:19
tret.
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 10-Stanford Stake.
2:12 trot.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 11—2:16 pace, i:16
trot.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12— Special
race for Kelly. Brings, Clipper and Little
Thorn; 2-year-old trot, W. O. ; 2:21 trot.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13— Free for all
tret; Sacramento road race.
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 14—2:21 pace; 2-year
old trotting colt stake, 2:23 class.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 15—2:S0 trot; 2.11
pace.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 27.— The
racing programme for the State
Fair has been partially ar
ranged, and it is an unusually
attractive one. bis with prom
ise of excellent eport. Follow
ing are th«> events to take plac<\
the programme for the harness and polo
and pony races being- given for the two
weeks, and the first week's schedule of
the running races:
Seven furlonsrs. for 3-year-olds and over —
$300, of which $50 to second and $25 to third.
For horses entered in any stake at this meet
ing that have hot won more than three races
this year; 3-year-olds to carry 107 pounds;
4-year-olds and over to carry 114 pounds.
Five and a half furlongs, for 2-year-olds—
Selling purse, $^f>, of which 150 to second and
$25 to third; wfiRier to be sold for $S00; if for
less, two pounds allowed on each $100 down to
?209. A winner of three or more races not
allowed to be. entered for less than $500.
Maidens allowed five pounds; maidens beaten
three times or more, ten pounds.
One and ..one-sixteenth miles, for 3-year-olds
and over — Selling purse, $230, of which $50 to
second and $25 to third. ¦ For horses that have
not won more than three races In 1900. Winner
to be sold for $1000; if for less, two pounds
allowed on each flOO down to $100.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 6.
Vlnctor rtake.
Five furlongs for 2-year-olds — Selling purse,
$250. of which $50 to second and $25 to third.
For 2-year-olds that have not won two races.
Winner to be sold for $700; If for less, three
rounds allowed on each $100 down to $200.
Maidens allowed five pounds: if beaten three
or more times and not placed second or third,
ten rounds.
Six furlongs, for 3-year-olds and over— Selling
purse. $300, of which $50 to second and $2o
to third; winner to be sold for $1000: two
pounds allowed on each $100 down to $300.
Non-winners of five races in 1899 allowed five
pounds; winner of a stake at this meeting not
eligible.
POLO AND PONY EVENTS.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4.
One-quarter mile— Purse. $100; $5 each en
trance money, to go to pecond horse; gentle
men riders: owners' handicap; minimum
weight. 155 pounds.
One-half mile-Purse. J150; $5 each entrance
money, to go to second horse; gentlemen riders;
owners' handicap; minimum weight, 155 pounds.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5.
to?T m J. Ie 7 Pur 5 e - $:o °- of whlcn * 50 to second,
f-a to third, and State Agricultural Society to
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER B.
Dewey selling stake.
Five furlongs, for maldon two-year-olds—
Selling purse, $250, of which $50 to second and
123 to third; winner to he sold for S600; If for
1pss>, 3 pounds on each WO down to $100. Those
beaten three or more times allowed 7 pounds.
Fix furlonei, for three-year-olds and over-
Selling purse, $250. of which $50 to second and
$25 to third; winner to be Bold for $S0O; if for
less. 3 pounds allowed for each $100 down to
tZOO. W inner of three or more races in 1S93
to carrv S pounds extra; non-winners of a
race allowed 5 rounds; beaten maidens, 10
rounds additional.
WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 5.
Shafter selling stakes— for two-year olds.
Pix furlongs, for "three-year-olds and over
that have not won more than two races in 1839
and 1900 — Selling purse, $250, of which $30 to
second and $25 to third; winner to be sold at
auction for $300. Ten pounds below scale;
beaten maidens allowed 5 pounds.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5.
and $25 to third; winner to be sold for $3CK». All
to carry 107 pounds. Js'o sex allowance.
Maldpr.q beatrn three or more times this year
allowed 5 pounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gr. c.. by Faraday-AHivola, J. A. Cahn, J13-X);
b. c. by Faraday- A Una Blue. \V. Barrlck J13Q0 :
<h. c by Toppallant-Tombelta, J. A Cahn'
J750; ch. f.. by Topgallant-Faglna. J. E Mnd
c!en, 1500; ch. c. by The Keaper-Keepsake SP
Barrlok. VA: b. c. by Pirate of Penzance'-Ked
leaves. \V. narrtck. J600; b. f.. by TopjjallaMt-
Glene. -R". P. Burch. 1730: tr. c. by Ha-d
sprirg-IntormiFslon, P. J. Dwyer, HOWr blki c
by Topgallant-Trairata. D. Iligglne, ?f00- b f"
by I»>-aJlst-BrideEmaid. J. Rogers, t~>ZQ- h' c'
by Badge-Mo.-kinc Bird. M. McDonald $500 ''
ICEW YORK. Axis. 27.— The following
yearling*, the property of different own
ers, were sold at auction at Sheepshead
Bay to-day:
Auction Sale of Yearlings.
Men * championship singles, championshlD
round— R. D. Little (holder) beat H. II Hack
ett ichalleneer), 6-2. 4-6, 8-6, 6-2.
Men'fi handicap singles, first" round— E P
Fisher <ov.e 30) beat H. E. Avery (owe half-15)
by default; H. H. Hackett (owe 30) beat A
C. McMaster (owe half-15). Second rounl—
Sumner Hardy (owe 26) beat S. G. Gates fJo)
£-7. 7-5, 6-1. Semi-nnai round— F. B. Alexander
(owe half-30) beat H. tVlmer (SO), 6-2, 6-2.
Ladies' handicap singles, final round— Miss
f- te^ er . f r ow .'- 15) beat Mlss n - Wimer (half-15).
NIAGARA OX THE LAKE, Ont., Aug.
27— R. D. Little of Princeton retained his
title as champion in the international ten
r.is tournament here to-day. His opponent
was H. H. Hackett of Princeton, who was
beaten in a four-set match. The tourna
ment will conclude to-morrow with the
men's handicap finals. Score:
Title as Champion.
R. D. Little of Princeton Retains His
TENNIS TOURNAMENT.
After considerable discussion It was
unanimously decided that yachts do not
come under the jurisdiction of the re
gatta committee until they cross the
starting line. An elaborate definition of
a cabin yacht was introduced by the
chairman of the rcgratta committee and
was added to the rules of the association.
Th<? committees on tugboats and stake
boats for resatta day reported progress
It was decided that It Dr. Herbert Law
follows his practice of awarding a cup
for the annual regatta it be Riven as a
prize In tho 2^-foot special class.
It is hoped that the 70-foot class will be
well fined, lis. though E. A. Wiltsee' =
schooner Agrjjie is out of commission it
includes the rchooners Lurline. Chispa
Virginia and Ramona and the yawl Tra
montana.
The regatta committee of the Pacific
Interclub Yacht Association met last night
in the Merchants' Exchange to discuss
the arrangements for the annual regratta
to be held on September 9. It was decided
to consolidate the SO-foot and 55-foot
classes under the name of the 70-foot
class. Yawls of 38 feet racing- length and
under will have a special class to them-
Kc-ives, their length being reckoned with
out the usual allowance for rig. The en
tries for ti«t- annual regatta will close at
6 p. m. on Friday. September 7, at the
headquarters of the association in the
Merchants' Exchange. The yachts will
crops the line to a o:>e-gun start, vawls
Btartlnc with the 25-focters.
American League Games.
IXDIAXAPOLIS. Aujr. 27.— Indianapolis, 0;
Minneapolis, 0. Called end eleventh ianingr on
; account of darkness.
| CLEVELAND. Aus. 27.— Cleveland. 0; Chi
! Cfi^O. 2.
BUFFALO, Aug. 27.— Buffalo, 0; Kansas
1 City. 3.
DETROIT. Aug. 27.-petroit. 5; Milwaukee, 9.
YACHTSMEN PREPARE
FOR REGATTA DAY
EEOOXLT.V, Ausr. C7.— To-day's game was
one postponed from a previous teric-s. It was
a one tided affair. Attendance 120ft Score:
R. H. E.
X-mt Tork i S 2
Brooklyn 9 14 0
Batteries— Mercer, Taylor and Bowerman;
Kennedy and McGulre. Umpire— O' Day.
St. Louis 19 0
BatterleE— Menefee and Dexter; Powell and
Robinson. Umpire— Emsiie.
CHICAGO. Air. T7.— Br>th teams did most of
U?eir fcrttlr-ig up in the air to-day. Attendance
:?00. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 2 S o
Clubs— W. L. pet. Clubs— TV. L. Pet.
Brrv;.k:yn »!> 37 .615 Chicago 43 51 .¦190
PUtsbnrs ...F5 4$ .f.35 Cincinnati ..4S S3 .475
Philadelphia 50 4S .$.10 St Loui»....46 52 .463
B ston .4? 4? .5fi0 New York. ..39 £3 .3i>S
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
York a One-Sided Affair.
Gaine Between Brooklyn and New
POOS PLAY ON THE DIAMOND.
buried soldiers, owing to the failure of
commanding officers to state precisely th*
location of the graves of men dylnff m
the field or in the hospital, has prompted
the "War Department to issue an order
directing that wherever conditions make
it possible every grave must be carefully
marked by a headboard, with the name,
rank and organization of the deceased.
Company commanders are to be held re
sponsible for this identification to the ex
tent of men who die in the field and hos
pital surgeons are to answer lor men
dying In the hospitals.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.-Difflculty ex
perienced in establishing the Identity of
GRAVES MUST BE MAEKED.
mala, says that James H. Hill of Cali
fornia, Government superintendent of tel
egraph in Guatemala, shot and killed
Camilio Enrique, an operator at Morales,
a station on the Guatemala Railroad.
• Hill, while temporarily insane, attacked
George Reeves of Tyler. Texas, a con
ductor of a train, and the latter btoprxd
at Morales to send a message concerning
the affair. Hill ordered Enrique not t - >
send the message and killed him for dis
obeying. He was captured some distance
from Morales and held for trial.
James H. Hill Shoots and Kills
Camilio Enrique, a Telegraph
Operator in Guatemala.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 27.— A special to
the Picayune from Port Barriosi, Guate-
MURDER DONE BY AN
INSANE CALIFORNIA^
EULAH MAC. WITH A RECORD OF 2:19, ONE OF THE FAST TROTTERS THAT WILL START IN T THE GREAT
OCCIDENT STAKE EVENT AT THE SACRAMENTO STATE FATR NEXT MONDAY.
The 2:11 pace developed into a sir heat
race, in which Dumont AV, the class win
tier at Head vi Me last week, was the favor
f.e. Good time was made in this race. tl*»
/irst heat going to the favorite in 2:07V*. as
fclso the *econ<J In the fame tline. With
one h«»at to win the favorite got a bad
ttart and Art Alco won the heat and then
took the fourth. Ambulator yplit the race
in th«» fifth heat by winning out at the
wire in a fast finish. All horses except
heat winners were drawn in the sixth
heat. Art Alco broke at the half and left
the battle between Dumont W and Ambu
lator, and the former won in the home
stretch in a rattling finish..
The faVorite jn the 2:14 trot was Nell
Gwynne. Alice Barnes, the gocond choice,
won the first heat and then Nell Gwynne
tr-ok the second heat. af«er which the race
was postponed on account of darkness.
l;'S. d££* trot, purse flQOO-Orin* von 1 the
PROVIDENCE. Tt. I.. Aug. 27-The
Grand Circuit meeting beran at Narra
pansett Park to-day and in Fpite of the
excessive heat the time wa« fast. A bis
field started in the ;:2>i trot, which was
fctepped in faster time than at Readvlllo.
The favorite fared badly, for after win
ning the first heat in 2:13Vi Lissa Bee was
out and a dark horse was sprung in the
e hape of Onna, an ungainly looking gray
marc hailing from Allentown, Pa. The
j, r ray mare won the second heat in 2:12 1 i.
Th*" nest two beats were repetitions of the
second, and the talent was dumped by the
wayside, ay the gray sold for almost noth
ing in the pools. — •
Races at Providence.
Good Time Made in the Harness
TAVORITES FARE BADLY.
DETROIT. Aug. 27.— Results at High
land Park:
Seven fjrlongs. «el!inp— Fairy Dell won.
Eleven Iitlls e«:ord. Ice Drop third. Time.
Four an-i a half furlongs— Vireinla T won,
Maltese Cross Ffoind, G!e?«!g third. Time,
<"me mil'? — L T\" won, Jucon-.a second Baffl"d
third. Tirr!". 1:42.
Five furlongs — Donna Kcar won. The Jade
second. Scotch Bramble third. Time. 1:01%.
Six fariongf. selling— Hungarian won. Quaver
te<-cnd, Wine Press third. Time. 1:14H.
<tr.>- mile and a sixtfenth, telling — Jessie Jar
!¦<¦¦* won. Alfred Varrrave cecond, Lady of the
West th'.rt. Tln-.e, JA'%.
DETBOIT. Mich., Aug. 27.— Results at
"Windsor:
iM*. furloncF — Dr. Gracp won. V.'illard J sec
< wl. Hano third. Time, l.lT'j.
Ft\f farior.KE, selling— Uor.ia won. Pine Chip
¦eceod. The Uronre I>pnion third. Time. UWA.
Five and a haif furiongs. telling— The Tory
won. rv<n *.'larincio second. Itoval Poirr'iana,
third. TSnie, l:l r -j.
One mile and a e;xt«>enth, selling— Zonnle
won, Mf^nk \\'a;-ma& second, B<-<!'jeath third.
Time. l:«ii: *
One njii*-. it»y;r.i? — Olive Order won. Moco Polo
f»"ind, Karl Fonro third. Time. 1:0.
Six ujd a hr.lf fur!on?s— Rldeau won. Triune
tecond, Mit? Redwood third. Time, 1:2.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 27.— Track heavy. Re
sults:
*tix f"jrion^« — Armani wor.. F?va Moe second,
2. II. Harries third. Tirr.«, V.TW.
Six B&foBgS, ffliing— T'rrc.lene won, Al Lone
fcocond. J-Uderira third. Tinie, i:lS.
Ori* mil"— iWciffime wen. Kar!y Eird s*c
«n<i. Tw> Anni<-« third. Tim*", 1.46.
Orw m:le— Thrive won. Alice Turner Eecon^,
TriaOita third. Time, I:4r.»».
Han'licar. "'X and a half furlong-Tom Ccl
2ia» »or. Tli«- Geey«- s^-rond, Hi Koilar third.
Xtne, l::4.
F:vp furjon^— nirdi"- Htore won. Marparot F
Eecood, Tbe Thru>h third. Timt, HB3H.
NEW YOP.K. A-ug. 27.— Two fixtures
were down to be decided at Shetpshead
Ray to-da>*. the Autumn maiden stakes
and the Flying handicap. In the first King
Lief was a prohibitive favorite and won
as he- pleased. .In th° Flying handicap
Maribert was favorite, but was unplaced.
Results:
£:x f;:rlcErs— KlHayhanira won. Fanders sec
end. Kinoi Kicnick third. Tiixn;. 1:13^.
One njlle. tilling — Dipsenter won. DoJIv
WcfthoS Beor.d. Fonso Lee third. Time. 1:<L
Autumn niaiaen ytake, five furlongs— King
Lief »cn, Tom Ktr.ny second. Janice third.
TiTTi*. i:01 4-5.
Flying handican. six furlong?! — Vulcain
Knight of Ithodes Feccnd, H«-t>er third. Time.
l:i; S-a.
Five fur'.cr.Rs. selllr.j?— Prirna II won. Farmer
Dennett limmil Minion third. Time. 1:C1 1-5.
Cw mile ani a sixteenth — Motiey won. An
<3r"^nicu5 fcond. Detariter third. Time. 1.4S 1-5.
CHJ^AOO, Aup. 27. — Sad Sam won the
third rs.re £t Hawthorne to-day from Si- ;
luriaa and Dar.dy Jim in a sensational
finish, in which a bianket would have ;
cowared a!! three. Had Earn was at the j
pood price of S to 1. and ran a brilliant i
race. He set such a lively pace that Si- I
lurian «>u1<i never fret up to him. though <
making a strong: bid in the stretch. Dan- i
«!y Jim was a strong choice in the bet- |
tir.g. Kindoonpt. was a strong favorite in
th*- second race and was heavily played
rt-jrardless of a weH circulated report
that Hi Lee. the second choice, was a
"pure thing." The favorite won in a fu
rious drive by a. nose from Emigree. Hi
Lee being nowhere. Weather cloudy,
track f!jv. itesults:
Five £r.d a hstf furkT.es— Danger Line won.
Hurrj- in.rwr.d. Maun third. Tine, Itl3%
Six furipr.gs — tiis-daonar won. Emigre* e*c
<r.£. G-?aJ »™«r thtrA. Time, 1:15S.
K:ve inricTig-c — Had Sam »xil SUuriaa second,
DiDdy J:n» third. Time. 1 :C/
<_»a«.- aiiie— Tuthill won. l > rairie I>ogr second,
6 &r:.-t Hilly third. Timp. l:t3*L.
M:!*- ar.d sevemy yarfp. sellimr — Hansford
men, Pa;a Hairy teond. Pirate J third. Time.
LS2V4.
M:le arvl aa eijrhlh. selling- — Saub*r won. Jo
f-ci-t-.trre B ««v,rid. Hub Prather third. Time,
King Lief, a Prohibitive Favorite,
Annexes the Autumn Maiden
Stakes at Slieepshead Bay
Without Difficulty.
Leads From the Start, Al
though Hard Pressed
by Silurian.
SAD SAM FIRST
IN A CLOSERACE
AT HAWTHORNE
DETROIT, Aug. 27.— Major General
James R. Carnahan assumed formaJ com
mand of the tenth biennial encampment
"of the Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias,
at 5:30 o'clock this evening in the presence
of the several divisions of his command
and a throng of spectators. The various
brigades and separate regiments in camp
were drawn up for the ceremony in dress
parade formation on the boulevard facing
the major general's headquarters, the
Held officers at the front rank. The men
stood, however, in closer order than Is
common in dress parades.
General Carnahan was stationed at the
edge of the rise of ground on -which his
headquarters is located, his numerous
staff ranged along on either side. Most
of the spectators were massed along the
embankment on the opposite side of the
boulevard in the rear of rows of red
plumed white helmets of the knights. The
ceremonies began with an address of wel
come by Mayor Maybury. The Mayor as
sured the knights that if any of them
should be in need of a hostage he him
self would cheerfully act as such. Mayor
Maybury congratulated the knights upon
the fact that knighthood and the drawn
sword now signified not war, but kindliest
purposes, courtesy, honor, gallantry and
gentleness. ¦ , .
Grand Chancellor Lusk, in the absence
of Governor Pingree. presented a welcome
on behalf of the State, and Dr. R. L. Cun
ningham, chairman of the local Pythian
committee, did likewise. Supreme Chan
cellor Sample and General Carnahan re
sponded. , .
Following the speeches a large Ameri
can flag was hoisted on the headquarters
flagstaff and cannon boomed out salutes,
field officers rejoined their commands, and
all marched to quarters to the confusing
sounds of several brass bands.
The principal formal events to-night
were receptions in the Masonic Temple
held by the supreme representatives and
officers of the Rathbone and Pythian sis
ters The down town illuminations shone
over a great throng of Pythian visitors
and ladles. .,. . ,
Sessions of the supreme lodge -will begin
to-morrow. One of the most actively dis
cussed questions is the candidacy of Su
preme Chancellor Sample for re-election.
A very strong sentiment is developing to
continue the custom of rotation in office
and elect Vice Chancellor Fethers of \\ is
consin chief officer. The spectacular
feature of to-morrow will be the grand
parade.
Candidacy of Supreme Chancellor
Sample Is Being Discussed and
Factions Have Sprung Into
Existence.
Major - General Carnahan
Takes Formal-Command
c f the Encampment.
DRESS PARADE
OF SIR KNIGHTS
IN DETROIT
2:26 pace, rurpe $«••"'"— Pine Lookout won first,
Kcoad and fourth heat?. Nina Russell won
sh:rd heat. Best time. SiSO 1 *. Leota M, Vancil
MJrfcm, llarrh 'and Lsdjr Proctor also started.
PES JIOINES, Iowa. Aug. 27. — Twenty
five hundred persons Faw the races at the
State fair to-day. Summary:
i;2 n trot, rmrse $£"«"•— Free Silver won three
Ftraight heat**. Best time. 2:21*4. Pen Sen.
Senator W. Albino Calino, Myrtle B and
Garnetta fi also started.
sorend. third end fourth heats In 2:1214.2:14%.
2:1S'*. !-!«« I>e -won the first heat in 2:13U-
A!! HlRiit. Miss Dukp. Timtxrlake. Major Grt?*r.
PfbUt." Oorirnf-. Minnie U WIDces. .Sprinffrtale.
KavaU, Altafard ar.l Parallel also started.
2:11 class race. j>ur«e S1W0— Duraont W won
the first, second and sixth heats in 2:07^i.
2 OT*, 2:i;*.«. Art Alco won the third and fourth
hosts' in 2 <*'-! and 2:11. Ambulator won the
fifth heat in S:l«. Masette, Paul Revere. Early
B;rl Jr. and Happy Jim also started.
2:14 'clays, trot, puree J1SO0 (unfinished)— Xell
G»)I1M won the second heat in I:!; 1 *. Alice
Ba'nes won the fire=t heat in tM%. Xiggrer
Ja'-k. Iri3 O. Lassor,. Minuet, Fanner. Blonde.
Alkaloid. Gra<-y Onward, King Warlock ahd
Lsur.p Girl also started.
J. Horn's Bona Tide: J. Dean'* Gallant vn.
L. F. Bartels' Beer Brewer; J. Hurley'* Shy
lock Boy vs. Curtis & Son's Old Glory; Curtis
& Son's Warpath vs. John Kerrigan's Melpo
mene: Pa>ha Kennels' Round About vs. U.
Murray's (names) Challenger; P. E. Portal's
Cannon Ball vs. F. A. McComb's Motto; H.
Murray'* (names) Jolly Rover vs. J. Hur!ey'«
O K Capitol: Aeneid Kennels' Athena v». P.
Doyle's Liberator: Pasha Kennels' Reconliiijr
Angel vs. H. Lynch's Lilac; Captain Cane'a
Master Ittverrort vs. P. Handy* Twin City
Girl; T. J. Cronin's Depend On Me v». R. E.
de B. Lopez & Son's Pepita: H..I>ynch's Lyd
dite vs. Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas: Russell. Allen
A "Wilson's Miss Wilson vs. Captain Clarkson's
Flower of Gold; Curtis & Son's Shadow vs.
George E. Robbinger's Rosamond?; F. Mack's
Black PattJ vs. P. C. Bllcks May Lawrence: A.
E. Portal's X-Ray vs. Pasha Kennels' Real
Article: E. M. Kellcpc's Hummer vs. E. M.
Kellosg's Lady Gilmore; Curtis A Son's Van
ity Fair \t. R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot; R. E.
de B. Lorez & Son's Diablo vs. T. Tlerney'i
(names) Lady Hulda.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1900.
Programme of Harness, Polo and Pony Races for the Meet ana* the
First WeeK's Running Events.
PROMISE OF SPLENDID SPORT
AT THE SACRAMENTO FAIR
NEW" YORK. Aug. 27.— The light be
tween Tommy West and Joe Wal
cott, which was the main attrac
tion at the Twentieth Century Club
In Madison Square Garden, ended in
a most peculiar manner to-night. The
bout had gone eleven rounds very much
in Walcott's favor, as he punished West
badly about the body and had him in a
very weakened condition. When the bell
rang for the twelfth round, to the surprise
of everybody. Walcott refused to go on,
claiming that he had Injured his left arm.
Referee Charley White. suspecting
crookedness, insisted on Walcott's contin
uing, but the negro refused to do so.
which left White no alternative other than
to declare West the winner. There was
quite a large sum of money wagered, with
West the favorite, and the referee was
outspoken in reference to ..alcott's pecu
liar actions.
White said: "Walcott was not Injured.
He quit deliberately, and it was my can
did, confirmed opinion that he was actu
ated in quitting by some dishonest motive.
I believe Walcott was encouraged to act
Kid McFadden of San Francisco and
Jimmy Rose of this city met in the pre
liminary bout at 115 pounds. They were
to have fought twelve rounds, but th»
Xew Yorker was forced to quit In tht»
eleventh round, after McFadden hai
planted a right over his heart. The early
rounds were full of fast work.
as he did by some persons closely con
nected with him. That he should act thus
is no surprise to me. as he established *
precedent for similar work in San Fran
cisco "not so very long ago. And I thinK
it was a scheme to nurt the management
of the Twentieth Century Club, which has
all along acted in good faith."
Manager Kennedy, on behalf of the club,
announced that Walcott's share or the
money would not be given to him. but
would be donated to some charitable in
stitution. There were many anxious in
quiries as to whether the bets made woulrt
be declared off. but Manager Kennedy, on
behalf of th<» club, said that as betting In
New York State was illegal he was sorrv
that the club could take no cognizance o?
wagers made. Otherwise all persons con
nected with the club would be glad to call
all bets off.
Colored Pugilist Claims His Arm Is In
jured, hut Is Denounced as a Faker
and the Fight Goes to West,
WALCOTT GIVES UP IN
THE ELEVENTH ROUND
NETS' YOrUC, Aug. r?.— Robert Fitz-
Eimmons to-day announced his re
tiroment from the pugilistic ring.
He made an ineffectual attempt to
day to get on a match for the
leavy-weigtot championship with James J.
jeffries, to take p'.are before the Horton
aw expires, at midnight next Friday, and
o-night Issued the following statement:
"I am through with fightir.g. I will re
ire from the ring and will not claim the
from Jvffries. I am ready
ind on edge to meet Friday night, as his
nanajrer s*u sprouted ten days ago. but as
it> claims he is in no condition to fight on
:hat night I am through with him and
hf ring. Henceforth there will be one.
¦nan less; in the heavy-weight division, for
! will go out w:'th the Horton law."
Kitz.simmor.s with his manager, Percy
Williams, met William A. Brady, repre
senting Jeffries, this afternoon. Last
?ati;rday Fitzsimmons deposited $2500 to
>frsd a match between himself and Jeffries
'or next FTiday night, and Urady sont
irord that he would mret r'ilzpimmons to
irran?* 1 for a battle between Jeffries and
be ex-beav y-m*Aght champion. Fitzsim
¦nor.s tajd he was ready and willing to
meet Jeffries on Friday night before the
Twentieth Century Club under any condi
tions as to the division of the purse or
gate receipts which would suit Brady.
He said he would be satisfied for the
winner to take all. to split the purse in
half oivto give €5 per cent to the winner
or Co per cent to the loser, or. in fact, any
terms possible eo that he could meet thb
present champicn before the expiration of
the Horton law. Brady in reply said that
Jeffries was in no condition, as he had
quit training several days ago. It would
be unfair to force a match with a man
physically unfit for such a contest.
Fitzsimmons replied that Jeffries had
had plenty of time to get into condition,
and said that although he had gone
through two very severe battles during
the last two weeks he was on edge and
ready to fight to regain the championship.
Brady said it was impossible for a fight
to take place between Jeffries and Fitz
simmons on the date mentioned, but that
he would put up a forfeit at once to bind
a match between the two. the fight to
take place within three months from Sep
tember 1. and a. side bet of JIO.OOO. Fitz
siir.rr.ons would not listen to this proposi
tion, and said that it was only made for
advertising purposes.
Unable to Make Satisfactory Terms With
Jeffries, the Australian Announces
He Has Fought His Last Fight.
FITZSIMMONS STEPS
OUT OF THE PRIZE RING
NEW YOItK, Aug. 2S.— James J. Cor
bett and Kid McCoy are both in first-class
condition for their fight Thursday night in
Madison Square Garden. Corbett has been
training faithfully at Bath Beach. L. I.,
nnd he says he is confident of an easy
victory. His trainers are Dal Hawkins,
Charlie Goff, Spider Kelly and Arthur
Keely. McCoy has been, training atSar
atoija, and those who have seen him re
cently say that he weighs 16S pounds and
is in condition to fight the hardest battle
of his life.. Many of his admirers are con
fident that he • will defeat Corbett. His
principal trainer is Jack O'Brien of Phil
adelphia. He takes a daily ride of fifteen
miles on horseback.
4
Peculiar Phenomenon Causes a Half
Hour of Terror in Kansas
City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Aug. 27.-The city
-was plunged into darkness at midday,
causing lights in stores and offices to be
Mt The phenomena prevailed for half an
hour, during which- time rain fell in tor
rents. Much alarm was felt, many people
seeking cover in fear of a tornado. At
the Union depot daylight signals could
rot tfe seen and train service was stopped
for thirty minutes. damage resulted.
My Belt Is the greatest known treat-
ment and gives more than four times th«
current of other *elts and does away
entirely with that frightful burning and
blistering caused by all others. My Belt
has soft, silken, chamois-covered sponge
electrodes, my exclusive patent, that
make burning and blistering a physical
impossibility. All other belts have bare
metal ele«rodes upon which virdigris ac-
cumulates, and verdigris, being a deadJy
poison, may produce blood poisoning and
perhaps death. Do not be misled by crn-
cerns placing a thin coating of chamois
or f«lt over these bare electrodes. Elec-
tricity will not penetrate these covering,
but verdigri3 will. If mine isn't best,
why do they try to imitate me? ; A?k
yourself that Question. My Belt c«n be
renewed when burned out for 75c: no
other belt can be renewed for any price.
and when burned out is worthies*. All
electric belts will in time burn nut. My
Electrical Suspensory for the perfect cure
of diseases of men free to each reale pa-<
tient.
If yon have parchaned one of the»e
Imitation* and It barns and bl Inter"
or Klvm nn enrrrnt, or If ton «i'
afraid of rrrdisrrln. for a llmltnl
time, only. I will take It a* hulf
payment for one of mine, j •
I absolutely guarantee my Belt to crre
Sexual Tmpotency. Lost Manhood. V*rl-
cocele, Seminal Weaknesses. Sperma or- ¦
rhoea and all other Sexual Disorder* in
either sex: restores Shrunken or Uide-
i veloped Organs and I^ost Vigor; cires
Rheumatism in every sruise. Kwney,
Liver and Bladder Troubles, Constipation,
Dyspepsia and all Female Complaint?.
"Write or call for a book I have wrtten,
; "The Finding of the Fountain of E-emal
Youth." sent free. postpaM. for thf -ask-
ing. It will tell you all about It. /dv!c«
and consultation without cost. All com-
munications sacredly confidential. * Sold
only by
Dr. Bennett K&.
. Corner Post and Kearny il*eet«.
Entrance 47 Pout ntrert. Riomi 5
and G, Sis Franclnco Cal.
I
ters ihe system
in a series of jars and jolts on account of
the crude electodes used.
DR. BENNETTS ELECTRIC BELT
steady and en-
and the Other* Is Explained by
The Doctor — He AdvJue* You
Against Imitation* aaa "Will Sot
Sell You Ui> Belt Unless It Will
Effect a Care In Your Case.
My Electric Belt Is no experiment. I
worked the best part of my life perfecting
it and know Just what it will do: there-
fore, in every ease where I recommend
the treatment of my Belt I guarantee the
cvie. If it will not cure you I will not
sell it to you, for I do not want a dis-
satisfied patient
/jK^k \ nor am I going
vj* ~*^ to have any. Do
*^- _y *" Ss V ; >* ou know there
( "^>^^\^r is / I re more dru?
V*^>v V^. \ / J than alcoholic
>. ty\ wrecks In this
\Sc-~i TV country? It Is a
rW' )i V\»'rf fact. Drugs that
A. ¦ \ ]\ f) \j V A . will slightly re-
/ n l \ lieve one person
c NvUV'' / W/2 "y. will literally tear
h^^~r^t*^r^^%^ 3own the constl-
-^I»-»-SjB yXuy^S!' • tution of another
K- L i»^Sy-^\; pufferin?: from
w f A Ti \*i*>^ * the same oom-
-l/tni*. • W*^ P !aint - Electric-
al/ -51 V? Ity. alone, stands
•rIJt'/i \l / i sMgV unassailable. It
fM*j£).j ! Is the Vital an.l
Bfi \\^\ Nerve Force af
' ' every man ami
% woman— it \% life
1 / itself. When
\ .; / • I there is a lark
j j of electricity in
I I the system you
! : f are sick. My
, | j ! / Belt Is to sup-
f j ! 1 ply this elec-
i ! « tricity. Electric-
I | ' i \ ity from ordi-
|j I 1 * nary batterli-s
I \\\\ Rn<1 electric
I 1\U belts will not
'* iL \ I Xf* always cure.
'w,^^ The current Li
W A Jl not even and
Between Dr. Bennett's Blectrlc Belt
The Difference
111
|jj§ST. LOUIS, Aug. 27.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from Sedalia, Mo., says: A
storm, bordering closely on a. tornado,
raced here at noon to-day. Three brick
buildings on Alain, street were blown down.
Woods' Opera-house was practically un
roofed : and dozens of smaller buildings
damaged. ¦
Thousands of shade trees- were broken
and torn up by the roots. Street-car
traffic was suspended ancl telegraphic and
telephone communication' was Interfered
with. There was a terrific fall of rain
and the water In some of the streets ran
up to the doorsteps ot a number of resi
dences. There were but few accidents.
TORNADO SHAKES A
MISSOURI TOWN
AR-uvnn.
LATE EHIPPIlvGr INTELLIGENCE.
Monday. Aucust 27.
Etmr Scotia, "Walvlg. co hours from Crescent
1 Monday. Aucu»t 27.
. Etmr GracJ Dollar. FVsen. . ¦
f IPOMKSTlr; PORT.
• GRATF mnr.oR-Arrlved Auk 27-Schr
Queen, hence |\uk *>; »chr Laura Madsen. from
Ban 1'edro: fl'-r Luzon, from Honolulu.
Fr;!piJ Aue t-Schr G»>tg. for Kan Francisco:
«:•:«¦ Zampa. *^ Guaymju; echr \V F Wltze-
Ciar.n, ior Sal Fraacieco.
Tour telegram declining the Invitation to the
Grand Army reunion because of President Mc-
Kinley's absence by reason of his public duties
received. The executive committee appreciates
your delicacy of sentiment under the clrcum
stances, while regretting that we cannot have
the pleasure and honor of entertaining you.
The local committee, through Mr.
Harper, expressed its regrets at the in
ability of ¦ Mr. ¦ Bryan ¦ to be present by
sending him the following message:
LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. 27.— To. W. M. Harper.
executive director of the O. A. R, reunion, Chi
cago: Since President McKlnley Is detained by
public business, I believe that the proprieties
of the occasion demand that I also decline, and
thus relieve the reunion of any appearance o£
partisanship. /W . J. BRYAN.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— 'W. J. Bryan has
followed the example of President McKIn
ley and declined to be a visitor at the na
tional encampment of the Grand Army of
the Republic. He this afternoon sent a
message to Executive Director "W. M.
Harper, the head of the local committee
In charge of the local end of the encamp
ment, saying that because of the absence
cf President McKlnley from the encamp
ment he considered it advisable to remain
away. His telegram is as follows:
BRYAN DECLINES TO
ATTEND THE ENCAMPMENT
Short addresses were mado by Senator
Davis of Minnesota, General John C.
Black and others. _
See to It that the best Inspirations of right
eousness are always pressed and kept a*, the
front In all our Union and that our text books
are national In their scope. Just and worthy
in their character and equal to all the noble
possibilities of a sacred citizenship based upon
a common ilove of our enduring liberties.
Our future will be safe and strong just fo
long as our youth are worthy and wise. Wh«n
these weaken or fall all will be lost. It Is for
the sons of veterans to lead the way in the
teaching of lofty Ideals of patriotism in all
the circles of our. youth, and so lay deep and
broad the lasting foundations of Justice, con
cord end religion — three pillars of the temple
of national fame of unrivaled national safety
and glory.
music, vocal and Instrumental, made
memorable the annual meeting of the I
Cook County Sons of Veterans, which was
held in Memorial Hall to-night. The beau
tifully decorated auditorium waa packed
to the doors and the distinguished speak
ers were enthusiastically greeted. Com
mander In Chief Albert D. Shaw of tho
Grand Army of tho Republic delivered the
principal speech of the evening. He spoke
in part as follows:
The ace In which our lot is • cast Is without
a parallel In the past and the opportunities for
working for good and for God along satisfy
ing lines of endeavor are greater than they
ever have been before. The veterans of the
'COs have mainly done their work and their
record during the great war will be Imperish
able. A country free, a Union Indissoluble, a
Stars and Stripes beloved and honored by all
our people, a common heritage of a Christian
civilization, and a republic first In the fore
most llsht of Individual rights and broad jus
tice, are the immutable foundations of our
matchless nation. And as the shadows lengthen
as they face the setting sun of life the veter
ans look with admiring pride upon their sons
as tholr successors in large measure in all
that insures lofty views of love of country and
safe'ambitions to preserve the American Union
in all Its noblest possibilities of a wise and
commanding civilization and the true glory of
Almighty God. Not all the heroes are to be
found on the battlefield of war, for In peace
there Is a demand for the most stalwart "bra
very and the most uncompromising valor.
War often opens up the way for the exercise
of the noblest qualities of young manhood in
composing the irritations that have deluged
the land in blood. In our day we see this
view exemplified, as the former two great sec
tions of our Union have become united In a
common bend of happy citizenship through
the commingling influences of a common love
of justice and of liberty. .
The horrid hell of war has been superseded
by the sweet blessings'- of peace and to-night
the Sons of Veterans who marched amid the
sacrifice of sorrow's nlcht of blood and agony
mr-et in peace and >joy happy in their en
vironments of citizenship and peerless in their
girth and grain as ardent young Americans.
Discussed the Race Question.
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. 27.— The Na
tional Afro-American Press Association
to-day opened with over fifty delegates i;i
attendance. A discussion of the race
question occupied the whole day. At the
night session a resolution to Indorse the
administration of President McKlnley waa
voted down, after a hot discussion.
SONS OF VETERANS MEET.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— Eloquent speeches
by soldiers and statesmen and patriotic
It is expected that the elevation of Ma
jor Leo Rassieur of St." Louis as com
mander In chief will be unanimous, there,
being no other candidate.
Several persons were injured in the
crowded streets during the day and one
aged veteran. Rov. Norman G. Whitney,
of Gray Eagle. Minn., was killed by being
trampled upon by a runaway horse.
A meeting of the National Association
of ex-Prisoners of War was held in the
Coliseum to-niEht, which drew a large
crowd an attractive programme being
rendered. The address of welcome was
delivered by Mayor Harrison. Speeches
were also made by Governor [ Stone or
Pennsylvania. Senator Penrose of Penn
sylvania and General J. C. Black of Chi
cago.
While the old prisoners of war were re
newing old friendships at the Coliseum
and the survivors of the Iron Brigade
were holding forth at the athletic club
the naval veterans, who had been given
the honors of the day. were having a dog
watch of their own in the auditorium of
the Toung Men's Christian Association
building. J "f; ' '„;
A reunion of the veterans by States will
be held to-morrow, this being a feature
of the encampment which has never been
attempted before. There will be twenty-
Blx of these State reunions. ¦*&,
The programme to-morrow Includes the
creat parade of the Grand Army, which
is expected to be the largest parade evei
held by the organization since it came into
existence. Fully 40,000 men, all members
of the Grand Army, will be in line, ac
cording to the statement of the officials
in charpe of the preliminary arrange
ments and it Is estimated that It will re
quire over four hours for the line of
march to pass a given point.
President McKinley. if he could have
come to the encampment, would have
been the center of attraction at the head
of the parade, and a pageant of patriotism
had been arranged to accompany him In
the form of guards of honor, battlenags
and heralds.
The contest for the honor of entertain
ing the next annual eneamnment of the
G A. R. promises to be a very lively one.
The preponderance of sentiment apparent
ly favors a Western city, and both Salt
I^ake and Denver have delegations on the
ground working hard to secure the en
campment of 190L In the contest this year
something besides geographical >eonsid
erations is apparently having much
weight with the veterans. The passage
of the years has made it much more dif
ficult to bear the fatigue of a march un
der the blazing sun than it was In the
•CO'"?, and many of .the most prominent
members of the organization are vpro
nounred In favor of the selection of a city
for the next encampment where reason
ably cool weather may be expected. This
sentiment will undoubtedly have much to
do with the selection, and It is considered
not unlikely that the next annual encamp
ment may be held west of the Mississippi
River. "Commander in Chief Shaw is
quoted as favoring "any place where they
mnv have cool weather."
Beunion of Ex-Prisoners.
Fessenden and a fleet of excursion steam- i
ers it had been planned to have the large
fleet of tiie Chicago Yacht Club included
in the parade from the lake front park,
off Jackson boulevard to Lake Michigan,
where the naval battle took place, but
the breeze cf tho morning died away and
hardly a breath of air was stirring dur
ing the afternoon, so that part of the pro
gramme waa necessarily abandoned. The
i;overnment vessels, towing a string of
barges filled with detachments from tho
Illinois naval reserve and gayly decorated
with Hags and streamers, and the excur
sion boats, loaded with sightseers, made
an imposing appearance as they slowly
et^amed out of the harbor and headed to
ward Lincoln Park. The fleet arrived qff
Lincoln Park about 4:30 p. m. and then,
in sight of tens of thousands of spectators
gathered along the seawall of the pan<,
the revenue cutters, with their blue jack
eted crews working the rapid-fire guns of
the two vessels, went through some beau
tiful maneuvering in a sham fight.
The evolutions exemplifying the work
ings of two fighting ships in battle lasted
lor half an hour and at their conclusion
the fleet slowly steamed back to the nar
'rhe end of the naval fight off Lincoln
Park closed the official programme of the
encampment for the day. but all over the
city in various halls and in all the hotels
there were reunions of regiments almost
without number and fraternal greetings
°One olithe leading affairs of the night
was the banquet of the Iron Brigade,
which was held at the clubhouse of the
Chicago Athletic Club at 6:30. The speak
ers were Speaker Henderson, Senator Bur
rows of Michigan. Governor Scofleld of
Wisconsin. Commander in Chief Shaw ot
the Grand Army of the Republic Gov
ernor Mount of Indiana, Comptroller or
the Currency Dawes and General Bragg.
Jame"s Whitcomb Riley recited a poem.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— In accordance
with ' ie recent general request of the
Civil -ervice Commission. Postmaster
Genera] Smith to-day Issued the following
ord« r rt-ardlnff political assessments:
Order Si lOC<l-The attention cf all postmast
ers, otficta and employes of the Postal se ,T v ' c^
is tnrited o *eotion» w. SS. £9 60. <21 and 4C-J
Ot thr- r-fU lava and regulations, edition DC
J>>53, r«!&U: c to political asspsirnents or con
tributors ;id to the conduct or the oincers
en3 tmrlov., o f the postal KrtlC* in connec
tion xrttb bUtlcml affair*. A strict observ
inr* of th^»- regulations Is enjoined, ana ais
r»trar^ at th,c wilt be promptly dealt with.
rVistroartTs ;r>d other officers of th« service
will call the of their subordinates to
this orif.T.
Middle-<f-tlie-Boaders Meet.
CHICAGO, i U j. 27.— The national com
mittee of the X.!ddle-of-the-road Populists
met in Chicago to-day with eighty of the
316 members ;»r ypnt In person or by
proxy. It was ir-eided to open national
l.eadnua^tcrs at Louisville with National
Chairrra* Jo A. Parker In charge.
WARNING AGAINST
POLITICAL ASSESSMENTS
Says That With Few Exceptions the
British. Doctors Were of a Low
Class and Neglected Patients.
LONDON. Aug. 2S.— Mrs. Richard Cham
berlain, sister-in-law of the Secretary' ot
Btate for the Colonies and who very re
cently returned from South Africa, has
been Interviewed regarding her expe
riences there. She declares that every
word said by William Aflimcad Bartlett
Hurd^tt-Coutts. Conservative member of
Parliament for Westminster, about the
rr>anagement of the military hospitals was
t ; ue The surgeon general, she asserts,
th-ew every obstacle in the way of for
warding medical supplies.
"With a few exceptions the army doc
tors " c avs Mrs. Chamberlain, "are a low
ria=s cf 'men. Those In South Africa
t Elected their patients. Six cases ot
irunker.ness among army doctors came
- nder mv observation. After these people
;ad come in contact with the police they
% re sent home in charge of invalids.
"hese and other sweeping charges made
el cr a stay of several months in Africa,
er attracting no little attention.
MRS. CHAMBERLAIN
ARRAIGNS SURGEONS
Chicago Contractor, Supposed to ;
Have Been Crazed by Heat, At
tempts Murder in New York.
NIT5Y YORK, Aug. !T7.— John W. Esson j
or E.=-Fir.g of Chicago to-day t'.re.l two :
bullet? one Into the head and the other .
Into the body of his friend and associate. '
I?.->roM H. c'tridiron. and then, thrusting ,
the muzzle of the revolver between his j
teeth, eent a bullet through his own head. J
Tie EUicicte expired Immediately. His vie- i
tim has a fighting chance for his life. The
police are of the opinion that the man who |
attempted the murder and then committed ;
suicide v.as crazed by the extreme heat !
and maddened by drink" and jealousy
The DOlice have been unable to obtain
f«v-m the employes of the Hotel Vendome,
when the shooting occurred a clear, con
nected statement of the affair. Both men
came from Chicago originally. Lsson. or
Ksflne is said to have been a prosperous
o'ortractor in that city. Both men had
l*ren drinking heavily. Mrs. Lillian Hayes,
who claims to have known the dead man
In Chicago and to have loaned him %l'»"
•worth of diamonds on Saturday because
"};e was in desperate circumstances, calleu
<>n the Coroner to-day. The Coroner was
unable to find any trace of the missing
Jewelry. Mrs. Hayes requested . the au
thorities to turn the property of Stridiron
over to her. but thrs was refused. To a
reporter Mrs. Hayes said that Esson
brought his friends around to Fee her and
poon grew jealous. Mrp. Hayes said that
if he had not been drinking he would not
have been jealous.
SHOOTS HIS FRIEND
THEN ENDS HIS LIFE
HELENA. Mont., A.g. Z7. — United
States Senator Carter has --^elvcd a tel
egram from II. C. Payne, chairman of
I the., executive committee of the Repub
! lican National Committee, asking him to
I accompany Governor Roosevelt on his
! Western trip. Roosevelt will be here Sep
tember 17. and the Senator will accom
pany him to Salt Lake, where the Vico
Presidential candidate will speak Septem
ber 21.
He will sm*>ed through Kentucky on tho
12th and 13th. and on the lath and 16th
will talk In President McKinley's State.
West Virginia will have him for a guest
on October 17th and ISth. and the trip
will end at Baltimore on October 13.
From there he will return to New York
to devote attention to the campaign In
his own State until the day of election.
SENATOR CARTER WILL
ACCOMPANY ROOSEVELT
From Cheyenne, Governor Roosevelt's
private car willl be turned into Colorado,
where he will spend the days of Septem
ber 23, 2t> and 27. speaking on one of these
dates at Denver. He will b*» in Kan?a3
on the 2Sth and 20th. and in Nebraska on
October 1 and 2. From there he will di
verge into the Black Hills of South Da
kota, where he is scheduled to make a
speech at Deadwood on October 3. He will
be in Nebraska asain on the 4th. at Wat
erloo. Iowa, on the 5th. and in Chicago
on the 6th, where a demonstration and
reception are being planned for him. Af
ter leaving Chicago he will spend October
S In Illinois and the three following dates
will be devoted to preaching Republican
ism in Indiana.
September 5. Saratoga, N. Y. ; September
6, Detroit, Mich.; September 7. Sagina^v.
Mich." (afternoon). Grand Rapids, Mich,
(evening); September S, South Bend, Ind. ;
September 10, La Crosse, "Wis. ; September
11, Sioux Falls. 3. D. (afternoon), Yank
ton (night): September 12. Huron. S. D.
(afternoon), Brookln^s (night); Septem
ber 13, Red Field. S. D. (afternoon), Aber
deen (night); September ]J. Fargo. N. D ;
September 15, Bismarck, N. D. ; September
17. Helena, Mont.; September IS. Butte.
Mont.; September 13, Pocatello, Idaho;
September 20. Ogden. Utah; September 21.
Salt Lake City; September 22, Evanston.
"Wye; September 23, Cheyenne. Wyo.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— Governor Roose
velt's route for his tour of the west was
announced to-day by Henry C. Payne,
vice chairman of the Republican National
Executive Committee. Starting from Chi
cago September 9, the Republican Vice
Presidential candidate will speak In "Wis
consin, South Dakota, North Dakota,
Montana, Idaho. Utah, "Wyoming", Colo
rado, Kansas, Nebraska and Iowa before
reaching this city again. Then ho will
spend a day in Illinois before going into
Indiana and other States east. The itin
erary of Governor Roosevelt, as far as
determined definitely, is as follows:
ROOSEVELT'S ITINERARY
FINALLY ARRANGED
of the committee, viz., to nominate a
Populist, to leave the place blank, or, last
ly, to Indorse Mr. Stevenson. Senator
Marion Butler, chairman of the commit
tee, in a warm speech of some length ad
vocated leaving the place blank, contend
ing that Bryan and Stevenson would re- j
ceive more Populist votes than if a can
didate fcr Vice President was named. But
one test vote' was taken. A motion was
made to indorse Mr. Stevenson. For this i
motion Mr. "Washburn of Massachusetts i
moved as a substitute that a Populist be
placed upon the ticket. The substitute
was lost on a call of the roll by a vote ;
of 24 ayes to 71 noes. The original motion
v/as then adopted by a viva voce vote, j
There were 124 members of the commit- I
tee present or represented by prpxy. ¦
"The new electric unflergrotind railway
>Jn London has occupied four years to con- !
[stTOCt and cost £3,500.000 (J17.C22.SC0), the!
rost per mile having amounted to £5S0.
;©09 (t:.SCC,C70). The lino runs from the
! Bank of England, In the center of tha
icity proper, to Shepherds Bush, a dis
t&nc© of bIx miles, and between those |
points there are eleven stations, making
'thirteen In all. The fare for the whole
or any distance Is 2d (4 cents). The diam-
Itter of the tunnels, or tubes, Is 11 feet 6
inches, and at the stations 21 feet. The
• rta-tions are all hisrher than the level In ]
tfce tunnels, the object being to gain a. j
natural aid in checking the epecd upon i
entering the stations.
- The line was opened July SO, and has
proved azi immediate success. Alany
American innovations have been Intro
duced In the general -working and are ap
1 predated by the passengers; the an
i:our.cement fcv the conductors that the
"•next station wffl be / while amusing
many is rsucit welcomed. The Introduc
tion * of 'choppers'— an arrangement
Avhcrebv the possible loss of the passen- ;
pops tfckft is obviated— is also likewise!
of the new railway will •
'liave immediate effect on the old unuer- |
eround. the sulphurous fumes in which .
have long been matttr for comment and I
xiiscontent
"Anothcr point in favor of the new un
d^rtaJcir.g Is that, as thene is but one!
fare the grades or classes (first, seeor.fk I
cr third) cf carriages, and consequent .
¦distinction of passengers, is. eliminated.
' : -Tht> newspapers call attention to the
f^ct that the new system has not only ]
emptied the omnibuses, but has actually
¦t haired cut the crowds on the pavement.
Etarlxts three days 200.000 passenccrs used
railway. They predict that in ten
years London under ground will be a vast
a • work of electric railway;?. Already
there is proiected a er«- a t belt of electric
T-.cs'to encircle the metropolis, wltn in
tersecting railways to join the north and
"The luxurious vestibule car?, of which
the compar-v has ISO. cost £10M (J4SG6)
? ach and the twenty-eight torpedo-
Fhar»d engines were built in the Lniied
Bt&tea for £8000 ($14599) apiece
"The workinsr expense* of the line are
calculated at £l».t»0 (57^.9751 per annum,
end it is estimated that if a fair dividend
la to be earned 40,000.000 passengers must
travel on the railway in the y^ar. That
represents a daily average of 110.0.0. It is
believed this will be easily reached witn.ii
the near future."
: n^T.T. BTTREAU. "WELLECGTON' HO
JTEU "WASHINGTON. Aug. CT.-Consul
Osborne writes from London, to
Xhe State Department:
qrrediction That Within a Few Tears
Cars Will Be Running TJnder
All the Principal Streets
of the Metropolis.
Railway Recently Com
pleted in London.
¦ >
Success of the
ELECTRICITY AS
AN UNDERGROUND
MOTIVE POWER
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— At a meeting of the
People's party national committee to-day
the declination of Charles A. Towne aa
the Vice Presidential nominee of the par,ty
was accepted, and the name of Adlai K.
Stevenson was put in his place. This re
sult was obtained after a long debate, be
einnine at 2 p. m. and ending about 6:30
p m In the" beginning there were three
courses * advocated by different members
POPULISTS SUBSTITUTE
STEVENSON FOR TOWNE
But the x statement that we never promised
the Ftliplnos their Independence conveys a
false Impression. Our conduct was such as to
estop nn honorable nation from using such a
plea as a Justification or as excuse for at
tempting to subjugate the Islands.
The Filipinos made no secret of their object
In rebelling- against the Spanish Government.
What thev desired to do was to form a gov
ernment of their own and to be absolutely Inde
pendent of Spain. The representatives of the
United States tn the East knew this object
perfectly well. The Filipinos proclaimed It to
the world.
It is Important to bear In mind that the
Filipino republic established under the leader
ship of Agulnaldo was a government In fact,
fecognized throughout the Island of Luzon and
everal adjoining islands to the south, capable
of preserving order, collecting taxes, maln
talnins education and a complete system of
public administration, raising and supporting
an army which for a considerable period
numbered 30,000 men, and conducting war ac
cording to . the humane principles of modern
international law.
- Mr. Towne denied that the Filipinos
were barbarians or unfit for self-govern
ment. He declared the idea of taking
forcible possession of the Islands -was not
decided upon until a considerable period
after the battle of Manila Bay, and mean
while the Filipino3 were permitted to hope
for independence. • '
After describing the strained relations
between the Americans and the Filipinos,
after the capture of Manila, Mr. Towno
Our opponents are in the habit of referring
to the outbreak of actual hostilities between
us and the Filipinos as though the latter were
the aggressors, and much is attempted to be
made out of such expressions as "they fired
0n Bm. r o" a course. since we had secretly formed
a determination to seize the islands, it Is ap
parent that whenever that design became man
ifest or we attempted to put It into effect the
Filipinos, if they were earnest men declaring
their object to be independence, would resist
it The aggressor, regardless of who struck
the first blow, would be, not he who stood
in defense of a right, but he who by act or
throat compelled the other to defend It. The
dcvelopmrnt of the hostile design was Itself
Is. considering the tropical nature
of the islanders and the lonz-contlnued course
o' our mingled reticence, ambiguity and of
fense that they were not betrayed into vio
lence" Ions before any clash actually occurred.
As a matter of tad, however, as shown by
General Otis' official report, our troop*, flrea
the first shot and the Filipinos stood on the
defensive.
He then discussed the protocol and the
treaty of peace and the proclamation of
Janaury 3, 1S99. at Manila, which he de
clared was "of the very essence of
imperialism." Taking tip Governor Roose
velt's speech, he said:
It was enormously disappointing. Neither in
matter nor manner is it worthy of its occasion.
In respect of argument the speeoh is. with rare
exceptions, an alternation of evasion and as
sertion, in spirit it is a compound of scold
and scullloa As to Us facts it abounds in
Inaccuracies which, if accidental, are Inex
plicable aa coming from a man who has per
formed creditably In history and biography.
But the world Is accustomed to Inconsistencies
from Mr Roosevelt. It has long looked upon
him a? a predestined and incorrigible eccentric.
It has given up attempting to explain him or
to reconcile him with himself. It is quite lm-
Dosslble, whether It would be worth while or
otherwise or not. to make an entirely satlsfac
torv diagnosis of a civil service reformer in
partnership with Thomas C. Platt. a citizen-sol
dier who ridicules the volunteer, a leader In
battle who finds glory in being rescued from
ambush; a hero who boasts of shooting a fleeing
fof In the back; a candidate who plays and
poses to delegates and galleries to obtain a
nomination that he does not want: a gentleman
who charges six and a - half millions of his :
fellow-countrymen with lawlessness, dlshon
cVry and cowardice; a statesman who, mounted
on a hobby, rides roughly at -grave questions
in economics and politics swinging his partisan
lariat and yelling like an Intellectual Coman-
Cl Mr Towne then read quotations from
the St Paul speech of Governor Roose
velt which he said showed the truth of
what he had said of that speech as a
whole." He argued at considerable length
against any possible constitutional right
under which the United States could hold
and govern colonies, ridiculing the alleged
claim that this right was given by that
provision of the constitution which gives
Congress the power to make all needful
rules and regulations respecting the "ter
ritorv and other property of tho United
State*." ,
DULUTH, Minn.. Aug. 27.— The largest
gathering to listen to a political speech
that ever assembled In Duluth occurred
this evening at the Armory, when Hon.
Charles A. Towne opened the campaign
In a lengthy address, In which he replied
I to the recent speech of Governor Roose
velt delivered at St. Paul on the occasion
of the National convention of the League
of Republican Clubs, and arraigned the
administration's policy in the Philippines.
The audience, which comprised persons ,
of all shades o£ political belief and many I
scores of women, listened attentively to
tho orator's remarks for more than two
hours, and frequently throughout the dis
j course tho applause was deafening.
I The speech, which will be used as a cam.
I paign document, is considered as Towne'a
greatest political effort. At its conclusion
he was tendered an ovation by the multi
tude present.
Mr Towne will leave to-morrow or on
Wednesday for Idaho and other Western
points to enter actively into the work of
the campaign.
Mr. Towne opened his speech by ex
pressing lack of patience with any one
who believed in his "party, right or
wrong," or "any President, right or
wrong," considering tho latter simply an
other statement of the divine right of
kings. He then said:
As a rule one subject o£ interest Is uppermost
in the public mind and chiefly calls for dis
cussion and decision. This is especially true
In 1900. The relatively secondary matters im
portant as they are all have reference to poll
cirs to be pursued by the republic. The issue
of flrst moment, the one that temporarily
dwarfs all others by comparison, is whether
the republic itself is to continue. I shall de
vote the greater part of my time to-night to
the consideration of imperialism. Let us first
inquire how the question lias arisen. It is one
of the paradoxes \>l history that a policy of
subjugation and conquest should have been
the inheritance of a war of liberation.
He then reviewed at some length the
causes leading up to and tho chief events
of the Spanish war. He took up the insur
rection in the Philippines, sketching it
briefly and telling how brilliantly Dewey
and his sailors engaged the Spanish fleet
in Manila Bay, and continued:
It was thus as a mere incident in tho prose
cution of our war for the liberty of Cuba that
we found ourselves in the Philippine Islands.
It sb claimed that circumstances were such
as to compel us, with due regard to our Inter
ests and our International duties to pursue in
these Islands thereafter the policy for which
the administration has become responsible. A
brief examination, however, of those circum
stances will suffice to show that the policy
adopted was not only unnecessary, but that it
was in the highest degree disadvantageous to
the United States, while involving the utmo3t
cruelty and Injustice toward the Inhabitants
of those islands and violating every principle
of cood faith and the honorable traditions of
American diplomacy.
He said the coming of Aguinaldo was at
the invitation of Admiral Dewey and that
' he was to be an ally of the Americans,
, qCotlng from the naval records in sup
; port of his assertion.
After again referring to the different
5 ! situations in Cuba and the Philippines, he
- said:
Deals Chiefly "With tho Policy Pur
sued in the Philippines and
Takes a Fall Out of Roose
velt on the Side.
Opens the Campaign Before
a Large Gathering at
Duluth.
TOWNE BITTERLY
DENOUNCES THE
ADMINISTRATION
Besides the revenue cutters Morrell and
Preceding the naval parade, the big
naval arch, erected at Michigan avenue
and Hubbaxd court, near the John A. Lo
gan monument, and marking the south
end of the Court of Honor, was dedicated.
Although the exercises were held at a
comparatively early hour, an immense
crowd witnessed the ceremonies In honor
of the naval veterans.
The exercises were exceedingly simple.
Shortlv after 9 o'clock Major K. A. Bige
low. secretary of the Grand Army of the
Republic; Bishop Samuel Fallows and Dr.
E P. Murdock, past commander-in-chief
and member of Farragut Post, G. A. R.,
who had been selected to make the dedi
catory speech, left the G. A. R. headquar
ters at the Palmer House and, escorted by
Wilkinson Post No. 9 of New York, a de
tachment of the Illinois Association of
Naval Veterans and the Illinois First
Regiment Band, were driven down Michi
gan avenue to the big white arch, erected
in honor of the veterans of tho navy.
After the bands had played "America,"
the crowd meantime standing with un
covered -heads. Bishop Samuel Fallows
delivered a prayer. Commodore George
L Seavey, national commander of the
naval veterans, then introduced Dr. Mur
dock. who. In a brief, but eloquent speech,
eulogized the gray-headed tars for the
part they took in the fight for the Union
nnd dedicated the arch to their honor.
! Again the veterans and the thousands of
spectators uncovered as the bands played
"The Star-Spangled Banner." Bishop
: Fallows delivered the benediction and
j Commodore Seavey and his escort left im
mediately for Randolph street and Michi
gan avenue to take their places In the
parade of the naval veterans.
i General John G Black to-day received a
telegram from Major General William R.
I Shafted, commanding the Department of
the Pacific, expressing regret at not being
i able to attend the Grand Army encamp
' ment for the reason that "a large number
of men. horres and military supplies are
being shipped to China and that within
the next t«i days several vessels are to
be loaded, which require his attention."
General E. S. Otis telegraphed from
Rochester that he regretted that circum
stances would prevent his attendance,
and Senator john M. Thurston' and- Hon.
C II. Grosvenor. at Washington, also
telegraphed their regrets at being unable
to attend the encampment.
The late afternoon feature of the day s
celebration, the naval parade on J-ake
Michigan, proved- somewhat of a disap
pointment, weather conditions Interfer
ing sadly with the arrangements.
Maneuvers on the IJake.
younger Contingent in Line.
Besides the men who fouprht afloat from
'Cl to 'CT> came the younger generation
who helped to demolish Montijo's fleet In
Manila Bay. and made glorious history
when Cervera sailed out of Santiago har
bor to overwhelming defeat.
With the veterans of the navy marched
a band of men whose lot during the war
comprised the worst of hardships— but
none the less was aa full of glory as the
carter of tho bravest fighters of them all.
These were the members of the Associa
tion of ex-Prisoners of War. who received
an enthusiastic greeting as they marched
alorg
The parade, which was but a prelude
to the great march of the Grand Army
to-morrow, started at 11 o'clock from th«j
corn»-r of Michigan avenue and Randolph
street and after a short march through
I tho downtown streets turned into Michi
! gan avenue at Jackson boulevard and
j paFfed on south under the beautiful
i army arch at Van Buren street, through
: the Court of Honor and out under the
I naval arch at Michigan avenue and Hub
! bard court, where it passed in review be
i fore Commander in Chief Shaw of the G.
A. R.. Acting Governor Warder, repre^
scnting- Governor Tanner; Mayor Harri-
I son. Commander Jones of the Sons of
Veterans, and Commander Atwell of the
ex-Prlsonere of War.
Chief Marshal J. F. R. Foss of Minne
apolis headed the parade, attended by
Lieutenaot W. J- Wilson. Captain Josrph
L, Brigham, Past Commander 1. Z. See
ley, Past Rear Admiral P. J. Keoley.
Lieutenant G. L. Harden, Captain P. V.
Christian, Lieutenant J. A. Jameson and
Ensign L. C. Lindley, who composed his
staff.
The first organization In the column was
composed cf pallors from the revenue cut.
ters Fessenden ancl Morrill. Then came
two crews of the United States life-sav
ing service, the Naval Militia of Illinois,
which included hundreds of men wha
foutrht In the navy during the war of
1S9S; the Naval Reserve Veteran Associa
tion the members of th<£ Sons of Vet
erans the Boys' Brigade, the ex-prison
ers of war and then the National Asso
ciation of Naval Veterans— altogethei
over 5000 men.
Naval Arch Dedicated.
Weather Propitious.
The first day of the encampment wa5
one of ideal beauty, in marked contrast
to the tot and humid weeks that have
preceded It since the first of August.
There was in the early part of the day a
fresh breeze off Lake Michigan, temper
ing the heat of the sun, which shown
brichtlv but not too warmly to maka
marching a burden for the old veterans
who claimed the day as theirs. The rignt
of the line on the opening day was given
to the men who sailed the seas during t.ia
Civil War. The cheering to-day was all
for them and all the honors were theirs.
The- army will corns to its own to-morrow.
The heroes of the river and sea of the
Civii War are a sm.ill band now. Of the
132 000 men enlisted in the navy in the
days of the war less than 1000 marched
to-day and it is agreed by the old sailor*
that their number was greater in the
march to-day than it v.ill ever be In any
parade to come.
But enc battle flag was carried by tho
naval veterans. It was one that fluttered
from the monitor Winnebapro when Far
rn^TUt sailed into Mobile Bay. It was
I borne by Seaman E. D. Woodruff of
Itockford. 111., and Co«ide .him marchci
' ex-Boatswain's Mate J. R. I-ynn of Chi
1 rago, who mai!p the Hag while serving on
j board the Winnebago.
PHICAGO, Aug. 27.-The thirty-fourth
annual encampment of the Grand
I Army of the Republic, which waa
I .formally opened last night by the
monster meeting in the Coliseum,
was in full blast to-day and In _ ill re
spects It promises to be the Sr» te8 *"J
most successful encampment the army
has ever held. All last night and allot to-
Sly train after train loaded with^ vet
erans and their friends rolled »»*>**»
various stations In the city and by even
Ing It was estimated by railroad officials
that fully 45.000 old soldiers had arrived
and that 300,000 other excursionists Baa
come with them. It Is expected that there
will be 50,000 additional arrivals by to
morrow morning. The veterans have corae
from all parts of the republic and every
Northern State has sent a strong contin
gent. m"'*Ci
The New York delegation Is on© of tha
largest that State has ever sent to an an
nual encampment. Fully 1000 had come in
by this morning and every train from the
East brings more. New Jersey. Pennsyl
vania and the New Kngland States are
all represented by large numbers of old
soldiers. Iowa, Ohio, Indiana and Wis
consin have sent larger numbers than to
any encampment of recent years. Gen
tral K. W. Keifer of Ohio and General
Bragg of -Wisconsin both said to-day that
they looked to see to-morrow the greatest
number of old soldiers that had marched
*at on© time beneath the stars and stripes
since the memorable review in Washing
ton at the close of the war.
First Day of the En
campment Opens
Auspiciously and
Thousands Cheer
the Old Sailors.
Great Arch Erected in
Commemoration of the
Valorous Deeds of Un
cle Sam's Tars Is Ap
propriately Dedicated.
NAVAL VETERANS OF TWO
WARS IN LINE AT CHICAGO
THE SAX. FRANCISCO -CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1900.
Judge Rassieur, who is a leading candidate for commander in chief of the
Grand Army, was born In Germany in 1S44. He came to this country in 1851
with his parents, who settled in St. Louis. He was educated in the public
schools and attended the high school. He did not complete the high school
course, however, and at the age of 16 years took a position in a law office. Ho
was thus engaged at the breaking out of the civil war, in the spring of. 1S61.
When not quite 17 years old he was stlected by the loyal Germans of South St.
Lou's as their spokesman at a meeting held for the purpose of deciding wheth
er the citizens of the locality should express their intention of standing by the
Union or remaining neutral. At the call of young Rassieur.who had been ruled
out of order by the chairnmn of the meeting, the loyal men in attendance re
paired to another place and adopted a set of resolutions in favor of the Union,
which has become historic in the annals of Missouri. Rassieur enlisted in the
First United States Reserve Corps, Volunteers, May 7. 1S61, and was made or
derly sergeant of Company B. He was mustered out of service August 20, 1S63,
tvith the rank of major, which commission he received at the age of 20 years.^
At the close of the war he studied law and was admitted to the bar in St.
Louis April 1, 1S67. He practiced law in St. Louis until 1S94, when he was elect
ed Judge of the St. Louis Probate Court on the Republican ticket. At the ex
piration of his term in 1S9S he resumed the practice of law, in which he Is still
engaged. From 1S74 until 1S78 he was a member of the Board of Directors of
the public schools of St. Louis, holding the office of vice president during the
last year of his incumbency. In 1SS8 he was selected as attorney for the School
Board, and held the position for ten years. He jls commander of Frank P. Blair
Post N'o. 1, G. A. R., of St. Louis. He was judge advocate general of the
Grand Army of the Republic in 1S93, and department commander of Missouri
in 1S91.
MAJOR LEO RASSIEUR OF ST. LOUIS.CANDIDATE FOR GRAND ARMY
HONORS.
5
riUD MCriTCD Frw * from to * n * nd coM
CA.ili lHCLIkCK wind*. The Popular Resort
Amcnc Redwood* of Sonoma. Co.: Free Boat-
In*, ifathlng. Fl»hinr and Huntine. Lots self
from J10 tn $7* Ccttares built from £» and
upward. Board and Iwisln*;. f« per week: un-
fumMhed rooms. II per week. Addresa H. M.
GREGSON'. Cams Meeker.
Cl/"ArrC HOT EPRINGS. SONOMA
olVAUVJO County; enly 4'i hour*
frcm San Francisco and but nine miles cf
staging: waters noted fcr medicinal virtues:
best natural bath In State; grand mountain
scenery: socd trout streams at door: teleohonj.
teleicraph: dally mail and express: KIKST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICK;
morr.lne and afternoon stares: round trip from
gan Francisco only JS to. Tak» Tlburon ferry
at :-.S0 a. m- cr 8:30 p. m. Terms. J2 a aay or
J12 a week. Reference*— Any cuest of the past
nve years; patronage constantly increasing.
J. P. MULGREW. Proprietor.
Take the rest you have earned.
Take the HOT MUD BATHS
for your health's sake at
fi HOT SPRINGS
Rates for hotel, baths and physicians. J10
to $21 a week.
Special round-trip rebate tickets.
Illustrated booklet and further Information
of FRANK TV. ELY. City Agent.
Tel. Red. K36, 640 Market St.. S. F.
OTTO E. NEVER. Prop., Paso Roblea. CaL
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands ot
cures of Rheumatism, Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia, and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. MaxnlScent
ecenery. delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
Ing. Xo foes. UnefjualedTor health, rest and
recreation. Rates. $12 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. 3. T.. 9 a.
m and ?:»5 p. no. dally. Carriages at Gllroy
for sprints. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
HAULER'S new summer resort. Cazadero. CaL
Horn* cooktne excellent fishing; and hunt-
Ing: general mdse.. chotco liquors, clears ;
popular prices.
SANTA Cruz Mountains— A quiet ranch, flvn
miles from Santa Crux; delightful summer
home In red wnorts ; running water: abundance
Trulf grood table; terms $5 50 week. Addre*a
W. CRANDALL. Santa Crux. CaL
ONE OF -NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming. tUhia«.
bunting and livery. Writ, lor p*tnphloc X.
WERTHEIMEH. Maea«r.
THE GEYSERS, g^S!
ADVERTISEMENTS. _'-
THE SECREflF HEALTH ~~
Told in a Few Words—A Book
Given Away.
r ** tTT Miss Mary Rennle. Port Byron. 111., writes:
1M^ " Mi The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. Ohio:
JnT> rr|S Gentlemen — "/ am pleased to say a
' few words of praise for your Peruna, which
f^^^^%P^^J^^\^ as sen °f suc h wonderful help w me. My
wti^ s y s^ em was completely run down and I
®^^_ il'iptSpl nee d e d a general toning up.
W®^|^ -WS^S "Peruna acted like magic, and after
1. 1 W&r usin 9 on ty three bottles I felt my usual self
l/\ 4?dr and have been in excellent health ever since."
fflfa\ & * fwifto til// There ara three things that every one should look
y/MflPjt^ WttHU out t0T during the heated season.
W?M&§!*$^1 J %&V'm, First— To keop up a pood appetite and dictation.
%J^^^^Sl^L-!Trv ! Second— To have regular an.l refreshing slf>ep.
ggg^ » \S<ti2£&: Third — To keep the system c?eansed of all Impurl-
j%r— ti i— — _V^I I VWflfo There Is but one medicine that is able to meet all
OT I 1 YiMQi of these requirements. This medicine is known a9
j'f ' ¦ i —¦I, 1 |! |*w Peruna. an old and tried prescription of an eminent
I/. ~ j=s=s !^v II ( v-^i practitioner ot mediciEe. Peruna never fails to pro-
Vp^ — ¦^aa. a ducc a good appetite and regular sleep, nor does it
\ """*^?5a> jTNA * a ** to ex P e ' a^ impurities from the system. A dose
aJittjv Jjiijfc \ should be taken before each meal and at bedtime. It
(dSliJjJ ' s °' sreat and lastinjr benefit to all people suffering
V-. - WL from low spirits, nervous prostration, sleeplessness.
J'J__^ —^ t iverwork, exposure to the hot sun or those reeuper-
! * — -— ~~"~"~ atlng from acute disease or any ether condition of
! the system in which the blood is poor and the nerves weak. N'o case of consump-
tion or Brisnt's disease can afford to neglect to take Peruna. It has wrought won-
ders !n cases of pelvic catarrh.
Mr. J. Brake of Petrolea, Ontario, Canada, writes: Four ye rs
ago I had a severe attack, of Bright' s disease which br.ught me so
low the doctors said nothing more could be d;ne forme. Three
months use of Peruna mads a well man of me and I have remained
so ever since.
For a free book on diseases peculiar to hot weather serd to The Peruna Medicine
Company, Columbus, Ohio.
Li!s 3t I
HoteKoronado I
Means a. eood time all the time. j|
Excursion parties. Huntlns. Fish- B
lne and Yaehtinz Parties. It U B
country life with city advantages. g
GET SPECIAL SUMMER RATES |
F S. BABCOCK. Manager, Coro- [3
nado Beach. Cal. a
GET INFORMATION at f3
628 Market Street, g]
Bsa Francisco, CaL fcj|
K&HEUMATiSM
g\ — -_- CWUBO-—
by the waters and the mud baths
aid the hot mineral baths of
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Address A. BETTEX3. Manager.
Byron Hot Sprlnes. Cal.
LOMBARD & CO.. 36 Geary at.. City Agts.
~BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co.; fins fishing, boating:, bathlns and
hunting !n the heart of the mountains. The
best tible in Lake Co. Address O WEIS-
MAN. Midlake P. O- Lake Co.. CaL
KI.AMATH HOT SPflmOS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county la
California. Trout fishing— finest in the Mate—
Shove 1 Creek, 15 mites for casting. Hunting—
nipntv" of «jame in surrounding mountains —
grouse quatf. deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors. Beswlck. Sisklyou County. CaL
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- £Z8n
Kapa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantage* of a health resort as well as beln#; a.
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Adlre*.
BT. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. CaU
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The mcst attractive place In Lake County to
sptnd your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ine tennis livery, new walks, etc. Write for
clfcular to «- WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
CALIFORNIA Bbi -PRINGS^ a m a 1, ent :
Springs; new niar.aHen.ent; a place of eotufort
ail seasons; K miles treni S. F.. via Tib-iron
Krry R. R. station on hotel grounds: exten-
sive "swimming tank; $10 50 and up per w«k;
round trip II 10 en Sunday. COOPER & STF1V-
ART. Agua Callente. CaL Long-distance pbone."
EL MONTE' HO lhL« Cool mountain clU
mate, beautiful drives; average temperature
SO degrees; no wind or mosquitoes; 2 hours
from San Francisco: 5 train.* dally: no con-
sumptives taken. JXO. NEV1LL. Proprietor.LATE reports from Sacramento confirm the early
predictions that the coming State Fair would
strikingly demonstrate the prevailing prosperity
of the commonwealth. It is now assured that in
every department the exhibits will show a marked im
provement over those of previous years and in addi
tion there are to be several new features of interest,
such as a display and parade of automobiles.
Every successive improvement in the State Fair is
justly a matter of congratulation to the people of the
Pacific Coast. It is the largest of the annual exhibi
tions on this side of the continent and if well sup
ported will become in time an exposition which will
have a national reputation, drawing visitors and ex
hibitors from all parts of the Union.
It depends upon the people of California to hasten
the coming of that time. When every county and
every important industry in the State is represented at
the fair by notable and thoroughly comprehensive
exhibits there will then be such a number of visit
ors as will stimulate progressive men in other States
to make exhibits so as to get the benefit of the adver
tising given in that way. Thus each improvement
will bring about another improvement and in a time
comparatively short the California State Fair will be
known and noted all over the continent.
Altogether this will be no common exposition at
Sacramento and the city will be in gala dress for over
two weeks.
This year the reports promise an exceptionally good
fair. The exhibits will be varied and numerous and
the two weeks of racing will bring to the track horses
of the first rank in almost every class' from thorough
breds to polo ponies. Among the exhibits are to be
all kinds of automobiles and the visitors will have an
opportunity for a complete study of what has been
effected up to this time in the development of the
horseless carriage. Then there are to be fine exhibits
of dogs, poultry and of Belgian hares, and as for farm
animals, the reports say livestock-raisers will find
enough to keep them on the jump from the opening
to the closing day. Droves of specially bred pigs,
hogs, 'Jerseys, shorthorns and Herefords, calves and
other domestic animals will be exhibited throughout
THE SEAPORT OF THE FUTURE.
LONDON is in danger of losing her proud posi
tion as the largest seaport in the world and the
Lower Thames Navigation Commission is now
engaged in making an investigation into the matter.
The complaint is that at or near low water the huge
ships of modern -commerce cannot ascend the river
farther than Gravesend and the largest ships cannot
even reach that point. Continental rivals are taking
the ocean trade away from London because of their
better waterways. It is stated by the E*:idon Chron
icle that "more or less delay takes place with all ves
sels having a draught of over twenty-two feet shortly
after they enter the mouth of the Thames at low
water."
This is one of the effects of the development of
large ships for merchant service. London is, of
course, rich enough to take care of itself, and from the
course now being pursued by the Lower Thames
Commission it appears certain an improvement of the
i river and the docking facilities will be entered upon
j at once. The issue, however, is interesting to other
ports as well as to the British metropolis and harbor
improvements are evidently among the engineering
works that are going to occupy no little part of the
energies of all civilized countries for some time to
come.
In a review of the subject one authority says: "The
growth in the size of ships is the most remarkable
feature in the shipping world. Thirty years ago a ves
sel of 4000 tons was considered a giant; ten years later
the biggest vessels afloat were of 8000 tons; in an
other ten years' time they were being built with 12,000
tonnage, and last year the Oceanic was launched with
a total tonnage of 17.274. Sir William White, a ship
ping expert, has declared his positive belief that we
have not arrived at anything like finality in regard to
the size of ships. But while Liverpool, Southampton,
Bristol, New York, Hamburg, Rotterdam and Ant
werp have all been preparing to meet these changes,
London has done nothing."
It is easy to foresee that the construction of larger
and still larger ships is going to have far-reaching
effects upon the ocean trade. Comparatively few sea-
I ports are naturally adapted for the traffic of the giant
! vessels and not many have the wealth required to
' make the costly improvements the needs of such ves
sels will make necessary. Consequently trade' will
tend to center in a few large ports and the smaller
cities will suffer. The moral of the lesson should be
heeded in San Francisco. We have great natural ad
vantages, but the increasing size of ocean .ships de
mands an increase of facilities here as elsewhere.
1 When the ports of the Old World are making"im
provements on a vast scale those of the New cannot
afford to lag behind.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Btate Controller E. P. Colgan is regis
tered at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Gerrit P. "Wilder of Hono
lulu are at the Occidental.
J. G. Scott of the Lick Paper Mills at
Agnews Is registered at the Lick.
Alexander Brown of the State Board or
Equalization is a guest at the Lick.
Captain W. H. McCllntock, a prominent
mining man of Sonora, is stopping at the
Lick.
Ronald Thomas, a well-known resident
of Santa Barbara. Is stopping at the Cali
fornia.
O. W. Dunn, one of the prominent pro
fessors of. Stanford, is a guest at the Cali
fornia.
J. Brown and A. C. Barker, prominent
lumbermen of Eureka, are registered at
the Lick.
George S. Pope, accompanied by his sis
ter. Is stopping at. the Palace. Mr. Pope
is a son of the famous bicycle manufac
turer.
Joseph Freiburg, one of the most prom
inent distillers of Cincinnati, is at the
Palace. He is combining business with
pleasure.
J. A. FUlmore, manager of the Pacific
system of the Scuthern Pacific Company,
left yesterday for Ogden on a trip of in
spection. He will be gone several days.
Chief Bngineer Hood, who has been In
New York in connection with affairs ot
the Southern Pacific Company growing
out of the death of C. P. Huntington, wih
return to his duties to-morrow.
S. W. Bray, a prominent young clubman
of St. Louis, accompanied by members of
his family, has returned to the Palace
from Southern California, the many pleas
ure resorts of which were visited.
A. F. Walker, chairman of the board of
directors of the Santa Fe. at New York.
Is at the Palace. He Is here to meet his
family, who have been on a tour of Japan.
They are to arrive on the' China, which is
due to-day.
"Abe" Adler, deputy United States Mar
shal of New York, will arrive to-morrow
from his home in the East to attend the
Jubilee celebration. He is a cousin of
"Ike" Tuchler, a retired police officer,
and has not been In San Francisco for
twenty-flve years.
It was expected that H. E. Huntington,
the probable successor to the power ana
position of the late Collls P. Huntington,
would return to this city in a few days,
but it is now stated that he will remain
In New York until a meeting of the con
trolling stockholders can be held In order
that some definite policy may be adopted
for his guidance.
Abdoolkader Noorbhoy. a prominent
merchant of Bombay, Is at the Palace. He
Is maklnfj a tour of the world and Is look
ing Into the possibilities of developing
business with the United States. The dif
ficulty In the way Is the fact that the
American goods are higher In price than
either the English, French or German.
The manufactures of the two latter coun
tries are Inferior In quality to the Ameri
can products, but the English are regard
ed as being superior to all. Mr. Noorbhoy
pays that all that Is necessary to develop
a flnn" trade In his country Is to" make a
better adjustment of prices and cater
moro to the East Indian commerce. Thia
proposition applies particularly to manu
factures of hardware.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
WITHQL'T EFFORT.
"Was it an easy death?"
"Of course, or old Kestcr would never
have died ft."
PAINT THEM CREEN. .
To the editor of th< 'eople'a Column-
Will some kind reader it!l me how to get
rid of red ants? S. A. T.— Boston Daily |
Glebe.
VASTLY DIFFERENT.
Mrs. Allabout— I think you describe Mr.
Hlgginside correctly when you speak of
htm as a just man. Still—"
Mrs. Sflldom-Holm^— 1 didn't say he was
a just man. I said he was just a man.—
Chicago Tribune.
. OF COURSE SHE WAS.
Nurseprlrl— I lost track of the child,
mum, and
"Good gracious! Why didn't you speak ;
to a policeman?"
Nurse^irl— I wuz speaking to wan all i
the toime. mum— Tit-Bits.
HIS BLUNDER.
"Your wife seems to have taken a vio
lent dislike to Meechom."
"Yes. When he was at the house the
other day he leaned his head back against '
one of the ornamental tidies she keeps on
the rocking chairs for that purpose."—
Chicago Tribune.
BRAVERY.
"How brave!" cries the wor'.d, with loud j
applause.
\ et tills man has done nothing except
rescue a beautiful woman from drowning.
Not a word of acclamation has the world
for the man who rides backward in the
trap which a beautiful woman drives.
IndiseriminatinB world!— Detroit Jour
nal.
HE FELT IT KEENLY.
Elderly Spinster Little boy.
aren't you ashamed to go in bathing In j
such a public piu«;o with such a batliing !
puH. as that on?
Small Boy— Ycs'm; but me mother maRes '
me wear It. I'll t«ke it off. though, if you'll
1 romise not to say anything to her about
it.— Leslie's Weekly.
_ __
WILLFUL WOMAN'8 WILES.
The Tattooed Man was telling the story
of his life.
"It was in the Fee Jee Islands." he said,
"that I met the Princess Odmkaboomoo.
! Friends of mine told me that she was a
designing woman, but I would not listen
to them. Later on I discovered, alas, that
she had designs on me."
And he gazed thoughtfully at a blu<>
parrot with yellow wings and a red tail
that adorned his left sho.ulder.— Baltimore
American. '&.?.&¦>
ENGLISH AS SHE IS NOT SPOKE.
FOR CALL READERS.
All buildings belonging to the Chinese
Government are yellow, and It I* a can!
tal offense for any private person to uso
that color on the exterior of tttt dwelling
or place of business.
Expert? who have examined rye straw
are of the opinion that a very high gradfl
of paper, not only adapted to newspapers,
hut suitable for ho<>k« a? well, ran bfl
made from that material, of which Loui
siana produces thousands of tons that are
now got rid of u a waste product.
Henry Kranz. a saloon-keeper of Dfa
tur. Ind.. was accidentally shot in the left
side six mouths ap). It was found Im
possible to extract the bullet then, thoueh
it was located by means of the X-ray. An
other examination a day or two ago
showed that the bullet has worked its way
upward and to the right over seven Inches.
I.eft-har.del parties arc amusing s->me of
the Chicago stay-at-homes this* hot sum
mer. The Invitations are written with th>»
left hand and the host greets you wltn
the left hand Instead of the right hard.
The guests must draw pictures nr writo
with their left hand?, and prizes are Riven
for the best and worst efforts.
Literary Paris •:« greatly acltated nvr
the difficulty of dccUMoc which is the gen
uine copy of "L'Aml du Peuple," which
I was stained with the blood of Marat when
the revolutionist met his death at the
hands of Charlotte Corday. So far seven
; copies have turned up. all solemnly ac
credited and all bearing the blood stain.
Most anything seem? to he Rood ennush
i reason for bringing divorce proceedings.
i A Washington woman has sued for free
! doro on the ground that her husband ts
not as strong politically aa he thought «ml
said he was. and a Leavenworth ;-.ister
has just burst her matrimonial bonds be
causo her husband would not take her to
church.
A man in Pratt. Kan., was convicted of
i sellinc liquor without a license and sen
tenced to jail. The Sheriff, however, per
mitted the prisoner to remain with his
family most of the time and did not lock
him up. At the expiration of the prison
er's t<*rm the prisoner's wife suel th»»
Sheriff for the price of board and lodging
for her spouse, alleging that the Sheriff,
was drawing pay from the county for the
prisoner's keep. She was awarded judg
ment for $21 CO.
¦ m ¦
"Willing to Give Up the Job.
Some convicts were pulverizing stone at
the time of the official visit, an<l the Gov
ernor of the prison was inspecting t"i<5
work.
After contemplating the proceedings a
few minutes the (Governor remarked:
"Here, my man. you are not pulverizir.a
that stone finely enouph; that sort oE
thins -will will never do."
The convict calmly rested his am* and
said: "Guv-nor. I'm willing to be turned
off and discharged if my work doesn't
suit. I never applied for this jofc or tha
situation, and if ray -work ain't sntlsfar
tory I'm willing 'tn ro."— London Ttt-Btt*
¦ ? ¦
EVERY day witnesses the declaration of promi
nent gold Democrats against Bryan. It is
noticeable that scores of these men are anti
expansionists. They oppose holding the Philippines
while they agree with nearly everybody, including
Bryan himself, that the islands must first be placated
before any policy can be adopted concerning them.
Tke:-e gentlemen all go back to his lurid declarations
and somber prophecies in 1896.
In that campaign he said that he had '"begun a war
of extermination against the gold standard. We ask
no qtjarter. we give no quarter. We shall prosecute
our warfare until there is not -an American citizen
that dares to advocate a gold-standard policy. You
ask why? We reply that the gold standard is a con
spiracy against the human race and that we should no
mere join it than we would an army marching to de
stroy our homes and to destroy our families. We be
lieve that no language can overstate the infinite dis
tre>* that the gold standard means to the human race.
I believe we shall win now. But whether we win or
not. we have begun .1 war against the gold standard
wfclth shall continue until the gold standard is driven
from our shores back to England."
His defc«t in 1896 practically established the gold
standard. The business of the country felt then that
that standard was assured and our industries had
breathed into them ag?in the breath of life. By com
mon action between the sound-money men of the
country gold-standard legislation was formulated, was
pushed' by the President, the Secretary of the Treasury
and Speaker Henderson and became the law of the
land.
In a recent speech Colonel Bryan said that if he is
elected now he will carry with him into power a
Hou?e and a Senate. If this come to pass he has the
way open to execute his threats of- 1896. He can ac
complish his war of extermination.
This is threatened in the face of facts which prove
that, instead of being an agent of distress and a con
spiracy against the human race, equal in its effects
tri sn anrv destroying our homes and our families, it
has proved the solid foundation of our industries. It
has opened mills and factories, stimulated trade at
home and raised wages and prices instead of lowering
them and has made money so plentiful that New York
threatens the supremacy of London as the financial
center of the world, and we have money to lend to
Europe instead of going abroad to borrow, as for
merlv.
The gold standard has lowered interest, making
debts easier to pay and money easier to get than be
fore. All this has followed that standard against
which Bryan declared a war of extermination.
He bossed and bullied the Kansas City convention
into a redeclaration^ the war of 1896. He forced it
to again specifically declare for the silver standard,
and now stands on the Sioux Falls platform which
rejects even the silver standard and falls to an
unlimited and irredeemable issue of greenbacks as
our standard and medium of exchange. The sound
money men of the country know that this means the
expulsion from the country of both gold and silver.
The Gresham law will then operate to drive out every
form of currency except the Bryan-Populist green
back.
By promi=in;* what he cannot perform in regard to
the wretched legacies of the Spanish war, a war into
which he and his partisans madJy urped the country,
he hopes to Ret power to disorder our home finances
by descending through the purgatory of silver
into the hell of greenbacks and to revolutionize our
representative government by introducing the chaos
which will come with the initiative and referendum.
The people, with their finances in a sound condition
and their industries left free, will in their own time and
way extricate the country from the dangers and dif
ficulties which inhere in our external conditions. But
with chaos in their home government it is not likely
that they will have left the force to correct errors
external to them.
All of these considerations influence the gold
Democrats and they ?re by no means backv/ard in
declaring that their po?ition of opposition to Bryan
is unchanged, and will not be changed as long as he
holds the place he usurped and secured by fraud, mis
representation and unfairness at the head of the party
which he has debauched and demoralized.
THE GOLD STflNDflRD.
I do not propose to attempt any sketch
of our gains from this most fruitful union
between science- and invention. 1 may.
however, permit myself one parenthetic
remark on an aspect ui it which is likely
more and more to thrust itself unpleas
antly upon our attention.
Marvelous as Is the variety and ingen
uity of modern industrial methods, they
almost depend In the last resort upon our
supply of useful power: and our supply
of useful power is principally provided
for us by methods which, so fan as I can
see. have altered not at all in principle and
strangely little In detail, since the days of
Watt.
Coal, as we all know. Is the chief reser
voir of energy from which the world at
present draws, and from which we in this
country must always draw; but our main
contrivance for utilizing it la the steam
engine, and. by its essential nnture. the
steam-engine is extravagantly wasteful.
So that, when we are told as if it was
something to be proud of. that this is the
age of steam, we may admit the fact, but
can hardly share the satisfaction.
Our coal fields, as we know too well, are
limited. We certainly cannot increase
them. The boldest legislator would hesi
tate to limit their employment for pur
poses of domestic industry. So the only
possible alternative ie to economize our
method of consuming them. And for this
there would Indeed seem to be u suffi
ciency of room.
I^et a second Watt arise. I^et him brins
into general use some mode of extracting
energy from fuel which shall only waste
SO per cent of It. and lo! vour coal fields,
as sources of power, are doubled at once.
The hope seems a modest one. but it Is
not yet fulfilled; and therefore it Is that
we must qualify the satisfaction with
which at the end of the century we con
template the unbroken course of its in
dustrial triumphs.
We have, in truth, been little better
than brilliant spendthrifts. Every new
invention seems to throw a new strain
upon the vast but not illimitable re
sources of nnture. I»rd Kelvin is dis
quieted about our supply of oxygen; Sir
William Crookes about our supply of ni
trate. •
The problem of our coal supply Is al-
URING the last one hundred years
Dthe world has seen preat wars,
great national and social upheav
als, great religious movements,
great economic changes, litera
ture and art have had their tri
umphs and have permanently en
riched the Intellectual inheritance of our
race.
Yet, large as Is the space which sub
jects like these legitimately fill In our
thoughts, much as they will occupy the
future historian, It is not among these
that I seek for the most Important and
the most fundamental differences which
separate the present from preceding ages.
Rather is this to be found In the cumula
tive products of scientific research, to
which no other period offers a precedent
or a parallel.
No single discovery, it may be, can be
compared In its results to that of Coper
nicus; no single discoverer can be com
pared In genius to Newton; but in their
total effects tho advances made by the
nineteenth century are not to be matched.
Not only is the surprising Increase of
knowledge new, but ..ie use to which it
has been put is new also. The growth of
industrial Invention is not a fact we are
permitted to forget. We do, however,
sometimes, forget how much of it is due
to close connection between theoretic
knowledge and its utilitarian application
which, in its degree, is altogether unex
ampled in the history of mankind.
I suppose that at this moment If we
were allowed a vision of the embryonic
forces which are predestined most potent
ly to affect the future of mankind we
should have to look for them not In the
legislature nor In. the press, nor on the
platform, nor in the schemes of practical
statesmen, nor the dreams of political
theorists, but in the laboratories of scien
tific students whose names are but little
in the mouths of men, who cannot them
selves forecast the results of their own
labors and whose theories would scarce
he- understood by those whom they will
chiefly benefit.
This Wonderful Century
By Hon. Arthur Balfour
ways with us. Sooner or later th«» stor^'i
up resources of th*» world will ho ex
haunted. Humanity, having used op
1 srjuanderrd it* capital, will thenceforward
! hav*» to tl^perj'l upnn stjori current Income
| as can be derived •from that diurnal heat
i r»f the fv.n and the rotation of the earth
; till, in the pe^uenc. 1 of the ages, these als^
i begin to fall.
With such remote speculations we ar?
not now concerned. It is enough for v-i
t-> take note how rapidly the prodigious
prepress of r^er.t discovery has .increased
' the drain upon the natural wealth of old
manufacturing countries, and especially
of Croat Britain, and at the same time
frankly to recognize that it is only by
new inventions that the cnjlntcra! evils of
old Inventions can be mitigated: that to
! go back Is impossible; that our only hope
I llrs in a further advance.
N'o century has seen so sreat a chansra
: in our intellectual apprehension of tr.o
• world in which nv live. Our whole point
I of view has changed. The mental frame-
I work In which we arrange the separat-s
I facts !n the world of mi'ti and things Is
I unite a new framework. The spectacle of
I the universe presents itself now In a
: wholly chansea perspective. V,'e not only
I soe more, but we see differently.
j The discoveries in physics and In chem
istry. which have borne their share in
i thus recreating for us the evolution of
| the past, are in process of giving us quite
1 new ideas as to the Inner nature of that
! material whole of which the world's tra
j verslnjj space is but an insignificant part.
Difference of Quality once thoueht ulti
mate are constantly beinK resolved into
differences of motion or con t\ (rural ion.
What were once regarded as things are
now known to be movement".
Phenomena apparently so wide apart
as liprrit . radiant heat and electricity, are.
as it is unnecessary to remind you. now
I recognized as substantially identical.
i Prom the «irrancemt nts r.l atoms in mole
cule, not le?s than their intrinsic nature.
j Row the characteristic attributes of the
I compound.
The atom Itself has been pulverized and
i •peculation la forced to admit as a possl-
I bility that even the chemica: element>
I themselves may be no more than varie
• ties of a single substance.
MESSENGER
Written after reading Tbe Call's editorial, entitled "Wells-Forgo for Bryan."
Prince of The Trusts well known or old,
Lord of the Far- Flung Fargo line.
Beneath whose awful. hand W3 hold
Cur jobs and bend the supple spine —
O Prince ot Trusts, be with us yet;
PWe can't forget— we can't forget I
Shades or the Great! Four years ago
Thy psn for gold was ever first,
And now, alas! you needs must go
And c amb3r into bed with Hearst.
O Prince of Trusts, be with us yet;
We can't forget— we can't forget!
Thy Delphic letter we have read,
And marvel much, O mighty chief!
What! Valentine with Altgeld wed?
A match like this is past belief I
Lord of Finance, be with us yet;
We can't forget — wa can't forget!
Leagued with the mob and God's accurst.
And all in Freedom's name. O Lord,
Thou hast the poisonous prnise or Hearst,
And that alone is thy reward ;
But we have ail thy pamphlets yet
To read and learn— lest we forget!
TUESDAY AUGUST 28, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communica'ions to W. S. LEAKS. Manager.
MA N AGGR'9 OKHICB. -j^^^T^TJ^l^^iySZ^LJ^li.
PLULICATIOX OiKFICK..SInrUft and TMrd. 5. F.
Telrphon* l're«« "01.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS. 21T to 221 StCTenion St.
Tvtepliono Press -O2.
neltvrrcd »•*• Currier*. 15 Out* Per W«k.
51*ijrl«- Coplpn. ti Cents.
Term* bf Mfttl. Inrlndlnc I'mlnefi
DAILY CAUL, Oncludinc Sunday), one year t« or.
DAILY CALL <includin* Fumiay). « months S.W
DAILY CALL Uncludinr Sunday). I months 1-50
DAILY CAIA*— By Elr.ele Month «e
KtTNDAT CALL On* Year J-J?
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1- M
All poitmtiteri «re Authorized to receive
• ¦hurrtpllnna.
Sample ecple* will be forwarded wnen requeate4-
Matl subscriber* In ordering change or address should be
particular to five both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
u> insure a prompt «nd correct compliance with their requeet-
OAKLAMJ OFFICE 11X8 Hrondvray
GECRGE C KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Lens Pittanc* Telephone '"Central 2619.")
N-ETW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTCN. Heraid Square
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3D Tribune Building
im.4r.CP OFFICES -Sri Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:S0 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until »:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 I^arkin. open until
• 30 o'clock. 1S«1 Mission, open until 10 oVlock. 2261 Market,
corner Fixteenth, or*n until 9 o"clo<-k. lC9fi Valencia, open
cntil t o'clock. 106 Eleventh. or>en until 9 o'clock. KW cor
ner T»-i-nty-wivnd and Kentucky, open until ? o'clock.
RECESSIONAL
BRYfJN AND LINCOLN.
GOLONEL BRYAN goes continually to the
sayings of Lincoln for the garniture of his ac
ceptance and other oratory. He is just now
using what the Great Emancipator had to say about
the axioms of Jefferson in favor of self-government
ar.d government by consent. He states the plain and
old principles of republican government, as if he had
just discovered them, or as if when uttered by Jeffer
son and Lincoln they had fallen on deaf cars and been
forgotten. It is only necessary to say that nobody
takes the adverse side in respect to these axioms.
Nobody who opposes him denies them and there arc
none among the Republicans who fail to hold them
in undying respect as tules of conduct in a republican
government. Colonel Bryan might as well appear
as the champion of the multiplication table and ex
pect a dispute of the proposition that twice two are
four.
The only defiant deniers of these principles as re
stated by Lincoln are the supporters of Colonel
Bryan. For their own convenience and in their own
wavs, running from the murder of men to nullification
of the constitution, the Southern States, which will
give Colonel Bryan 120 electoral votes, are flagrantly
violating the principles of Lincoln, while this candi
date for the Presidency goes up and down accusing
the party of Lincoln of infidelity to his teachings.
Colonel Bryan carefully picks and chooses his quo
tations. He has put Lincoln as saying: "When the
white man governs himself that is self-government,
but when he governs himself and another man that is
despotism." This is a partial quotation, omitting
the text, which is a direct comment on the acts of
the South, which deny to the negro the right of gov
ernment by consent.
The full quotation is: "If the negro is a man, is it
not to that extent a total destruction of self-govern
ment to say that he, too, shall not govern himself?
When the white man governs himself, that is self
government; but when he governs himself and an
other man, without that other's consent, that is des
potism."
It was this saying of Lincoln that led his party,
after his assassination, to pass the fifteenth amend
ment to the constitution, giving the negro the ballot
that he might govern himself and consent to govern
ment. Colonel Bryan now charges the Republican
party with intending to destroy government by con
sent in the Philippines. That policy may be inde
fensible if it be proven, which it is not. But in the
light of Lincoln's full statement self-government is al
ready destroyed in this country by Colonel Bryan's
party.
What refinement of hypocrisy it is for him to claim
votes upon the declaration that he will give self
government to turbulent people seven thousand miles
away, while he makes no pledge to restore it to a
larger number right at home?
He has recently bsen talking patronizingly to Re
publicans, asking them to vote for him on this issue.
Let their answer be that if destruction of self-govern
ment is an evil, carrying many future miseries in its
train, the men who nominated and support Bryan
have already destroyed it at home, if Lincoln told the
truth. That which he accuses Republicans of intend
ing to do abroad, his own party has already done at
home. His charge against Republicans has no proof
but his assertion. The same offense by his own party
is proved by its accomplishment. Really, it requires
a cheek of bronze for him to scold Republican lead
ers and beg the votes of their followers upon that
issue.
One of his leading supporters, Senator Tillman. said
in the Senate in a set and prepared speech, describing
the Southern methods of denying self-government to
the negroes: "We shot them. We used fraud, false
counts and tissue ballots. At length growing tired
of these we amended our State constitution and elimi
nated the negro vote."
If Colonel Bryan wish to prove his right to a
reputation for courage, let him go to Tillman's State,
quote Lincoln in full and argue for the right of self
government for the negro there, as well as for the
tribes in the Philippines. It is safe to say that he will
not do this. He prefers to attempt the deception of
the Northern people on this issue and present himself
to them as the avatar of Lincoln, to showing himself
deserving to wear the robes of the" Emancipator by
doing as he would have done.
OUR neighbors, the Canadians, are expecting a
general election to take place some time this
fall. The date has not yet been fixed, but it
is believed the Prime Minister, Sir Wilfrid Laurier.
will determine it to be not later than October. There
will be therefore a short campaign and judging from
all reports it will be a lively one.
There will be no •'paramount issue" in the
contest. The Liberal Ministry will ask a vote
of confidence from the constituencies upon the
record of the administration as a whole and
not upon some single question. The challenge will
doubtless be accepted in the form it is given and the
Conservatives will undertake to convince a majority
of the people that even if the Laurier Ministry has
done nothing exceptionally bad, yet a change of ad
ministration would be beneficial.
Among the actions of the Ministry which will be
subject to condemnation by the Conservatives will be
the dispatch of troops from Canada to fight in the
British wars in South Africa, the management of the
Yukon gold districts, the steps taken to procure the
construction of an all-Canadian route to Dawson, tho
preferential tariff in favor of British goods and the
arrangements made for settling various controversies
between Canada and the United States.
In one respect the campaign will be peculiar, for in
times past the Conservatives have been the support
ers of a close union with Great Britain, while the
Liberals have tended more and more toward making
Canada independent. Now the Liberals will have to
sustain Lauricr's action in sending Canadian troops 10
South Africa and the Conservatives will have to at
tack it. The question is a far-reaching one, for if
Canada is to follow Great Britain in all British wars
without having any voice in the Cabinet that declares
war, or the Parliament that votes money for it, Cana
dian independence will not be anything more than an
empty name.
The French Canadians are an uncertain element in
the situation. It is known they have been hitherto
opposed to being dragged into British imperial poli
tics and consequently they will probably be inclined
to vote against a Ministry that has established a pre
cedent for sending Canadians to fight whenever
Britain gets into a war. It happens, however, that
Prime Minister Laurier is himself a French Canadian,
and is very popular among men of his race and his
personal influence may counterbalance any objections
the French have to that feature of his policy. This
will be the first test vote taken on the question and
no one appears able to forecast the result.
The very fact that the Ministry does not put its
imperial policy in the forefront of the contest may be
taken as evidence that the Ministers are by no means
sure it will receive approval. They are certainly very
careful to ask for a vote on their record as a whole
and not upon that particular issue. Thus Sir Richard
Cartwright is quoted as saying in a recent address:
"We ask for such trust and loyalty as self-respecting
men can grant to leaders who have shown themselves
worthy to be trusted; to leaders who have had to deal
with serious difficulties, and who have solved those
difficulties well; to leaders who have earned the
thanks of their sovereign; to leaders who have raised
Canada to a higher pinnacle than Canada has ever be
fore reached in the eyes of the world, and in so doing
have helped to weld Canada into what will be, I hope,
a united and powerful nation."
It is a vague proposition, but after all a fair one.
Still the outer world would like to know by what
steps the Canadian Liberals hope to weld Canada.
Great Britain and the rest of the empire into a united
nation. Either the Canadians must obtain equal
representation in the imperial Parliament or else the
welding process will destroy every particle of that in
dependence which Liberals in the past have been so
earnest in promoting and augmenting.
POLITICS IN CAN0D0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1900.
"Oh!" ejaculated the exchange editor,
greatly relieved. "I thought you wero
looking at the thermometer." — Chicago
Tribune. '•".:"
Figures. ;y .
"One hundred and sixty-six"—
Thus far the answer-to-queries editor
sitting at the telephone, had proceeded,
when tho exchange editor threw up his
hands and exclaimed:
¦"Merciful heavens!"
"One hundred and sixty-six central," re
sumed the other. "Hello, Is that"—
If reports from China be true the Dowager Em
press must be ubiquitous. During the last few days
she has been in half a dozen different places at the
same time.
The Federal Government has been asked to bear
the expense. of removing more than a thousand des
titute people from Nome back to civilization. That
dream of gold is beginning to look like a nightmare of
The soldier who was caught robbing a house in the
Western Addition in the dead of night and claims to
have no recollection of the incident will probably dis
cover that we have an institution where opportunity
for reflection improves the memory.
And so the noble game of poker is to be barred
from the Bohemian Club. Perhaps somebody~dis^
covered, with too clear an insight, the various uses
of the joker in the pack.
THE STATE FAIR.
6
The Bprllner Fremdenblatt. an enter
prising Journal of the German capital, has
started quite a new departure in daily
journalism.
This consists in publishing tho most im
portant news telegrams of the day in
Enpllsh and French besides the native
German. In which language the remainder
of the pap^r la. of course, printed.
Here are some of the paper's recent ef
forts in translating the telegrams into
"English":
•"After a wire of this morning from
Shanghai, since three days the telegraphic
connection Peking-Tientsin and Tientsln-
I Shanghai is Interrupted. Regarding the
I events in Peking every confident notice is
failing.
"Second wire from the Imperial Consul
In Tcheefoo says, that in Takoo a fighting
between the Chinese forts and the men of
war of the powers beprun.
"Paris. Jxew-papers of this morning call
unanimously for a military expedition to
China. The Chinese Embassador wired to
the Vlce-roy of Junnan: Impossible to ca
ble to Peking: at my peril you are sum
moned, to spend protection to Francois
and hlg men and not to hinder their de
parture.
"London. The correspondent of the
..Dally Telegraph" at Shanghai wires the
following dispatch: Already five or six
weeks past, the german Minister Mr. do
Ketteler, In a counsel of the Corps diplo
matique has declared • insufficient the
measures, taken by the Ministers, con
cerning the Europeans protection In Chi
na, as well as the Embassadors. residing
at Peking. Ah energical Interference of
the e-uropean governments only would be
able, to prevent the murder of Christians,
and even of the Embassadors."
Cal. glace fruit 50c per fb at Townsenrts •
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. T.ook
out for 61 Fourth, front of barber st< re. •
¦ ? «
Special information suppll*d dail* t<»
business houses and public men b» th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Aliens). BIO Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042.
SHE'D FIND /IT.
"Doctor, my wife has lost her voice;
what can I do about It?"
"Go home late some night."— I arper's
Bazar.
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigotitor.
The best liver medicine, a vejetaW cure fo:
Itvtr IK». biliousness. ln<lU»gt!on. coritlpatlon."
I^ad!*^ are ir r»atly benefited by the n»e of Dr.
SIfgert's Angostura BUters. the j renowne<]
South American tonic. /
LOANS
0 N DEFINITE CONTRACT.
INSTALLMENT PLAN.
II) (3 a month pays cp a JiPCi » ioaa In 19
years: )20 SO In S yea ¦*¦
Citizens' Building and Loan Association,
23: MONTGOMBKT £*.
AUCTION SAXES.
Py Ch*?» & Mendenhall— This day. Draft Horses, at 1732
Market etr»«t.
Alcazar— "Frou Frou."
Columbia— "The Only Way."
Orpl^um— VaudevlHe.
Grand Opera-house— "The Silver King. *
TSvp'.i — ••Tannhau*«M-."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties
Chutes. Zoo ar.d Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
?ver.inr.
Fi?<her"5— Vaudeville.
Alta Theater. Grove ft.— "East Lynne."
6herman-C!ay Hall-Faloma Schramm. Wednesday after-
noon, August 73.
Putro Bath* — Open nights.
Pain'* Firew crks— Fclsom and Sixteenth streets, Saturday.
6ep' Tiber j.
Excursion to Monterey— Punflay. ST>t*mber t.
Ptate Fa'.r. Sacramento— September S to 15.
AMUSEMENTS.Seven out of eight loaves of bread eaten
In London are made from foreign wheat.
Two Out of Town Mills Accept tha
Eight-Hour Proposition and
Will Enter Local
Field.
The executive committee of the Building
Trades Council at a special meeting held
last evening issued a' statement In which
It again offers to submit the millmen's
eight-hour workday cause to arbitration
at the hands of five impartial Judges, ana
in addition Issues a challenge to any or
ganization vesltd with power to handle
the mill-owners' side to a joint debate.
The council voted to uphold President
McCarthy In the position he has taken,
and the attacks upon him at the meeting
of the Builders' Exchange last Saturday
were deplored and characterized as un
kind and wholiy uncalled for.-
It was reported that two more out-of
town mills had gone over to the millmen's
s»Ide. They are the Union Planing Com
pany of Stockton and the Pioneer Mill
and Lumber Company of San Rafael. The
two employ a combined force of about
seventy-five men. Both will at once com
pete with the nine-hour mills now run
ning in this city. The council will take
pains to turn as much business to these
out-of-town concerns as possible, and with
the eight local mills running eight hours
the union believes the home trade can be
pretty well supplied. Local offices of the
two outside mills will be opened here im
mediately.
Carpenters Quit Work.
Carpenters quit work on a number ot
buildings yesterday where stuff from nine
hour mills was being used. Several men
employed by Jones, Peterson & Bountree
in the" erection of a house on Golden Oate
avenue laid down their tools because some
of the material was from the mill of An
drew Wilkie. At the St. Joseph's Home,
where an addition is being built, the car
penters were all called off. and there whs
similar trouble at the corner of McAllister
and Webster streets, where three flats are
being built. The material at these places
was turned out by the Union and lluber
companies, respectively.
The following is the statement given out
by the Trades Council last evening:
The contention of the mtllmen for the eight
hour day found its way Into a special meet
ing of the Builders' Exchange called at the re
quest ofpeveral members, particularly that of
John McOllvray. The Builders' Exchange is
composed of gome bosses comprising the build
ing trades and Includes the various mill-owners
who are oarties to the controversy. At . the
meeting Mr. CSIlvray tried to assume the
management of the entire business, first ask
ing that a committee be appointed to draft
resolutions for discussion, then supporting a
resolution to relegate the whole subject mat
ter to the lnt> rested parties — the mlll-cwners
and millmen— and then. }n his ardor, attempted
the adoption of a resolution to have appointed
a committee of five to settle the difficulty, th<*
latter artkin being In direct conflict with the
action formerly taken. It is plain. to be seen
that Mr. Ollvray did not know what I he
was there for or If he did was Ignorant of
the means of carrying out his Intentions.
However, he was decided upon one. Issue, and
that was that the mill-owners, who composed
a large element of the assembly, should have
all tho time they desired in which to present
their case, but no outsider should violate the
The Building Trades Coun
cil Issues Challenge for
Joint Debate.
ANOTHER OFFER
TO ARBITRATE
MILL TROUBLE
At a meeting to be held In thA near
future a permanent organization will be
effected. . :
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— The first step to
ward action with relation to the millmen's
fight -was taken to-night by th© builders
and contractors of this city, who effected
a temporary organization at a meeting
held at 46S Tenth street. The meeting was
brought about by the mlllownerM, who
hope to secure the moral support of these
employers.
At to-night's meeting about thirty local
builders and contractors were present. J
B McDonald was elected chairman and
B. J. Walker temporary secretary. The
situation in building circles was discussed
at length, but no definite action was
taken.
Builders to Organize.
Members of the Mill-owners' Association
say there are no new developments on
their side. All the mills were running yes
terday, and those that have not already
got a full force at work are adding one or
two new men every day. so that within
a week or two they •will be running fully
equipped. ; .
Labor Is appreciative and rewards as aulck
as It punishes, and now, to show Its belief In
the Justice of the present controversy, chal
lenger, any organization vested with the power
to handle the mill-owners* side to Joint debate,
each side to select two or three and they
Jointly to select the fifth or seventh. AH
humanity believes In fairness and nil we ask
Is Justice and .we are ready at any time to sub
mit our cause to five Impartial Judges.
During the meeting Messrs Chlsholm and Mc-
Gllvray. particularly the latter, indulged In
various abuse, nndlns fault with the fact that
Mr. McCarthy draws a salary from the Cali
fornia Hotel, and as Civil Service Commis
sioner, and from the Building Trades Council,
which latter Rtatement Is absolutely untrue.
ItOKirdlng the former salaries we believe that
he earns them and feel that his employers,
except those who made themselves so officious
at tho exchange mf-eting, are satisfied with his
stewardship. While a large majority of tho
members of the Kxchanpe believe In the Justice
of theelght-hourdayand are thoroughly satisfied
with the conduct. Integrity and conscientious
ness of the persons composing organized labor,
there are also those who have an Inherent
animosity to those who labor and their fellow
men In general and regard them only as
Instruments by which certain ends can be
attained. These are generally those who, at
one time, were the implements of severe task
masters and now show their sour and embit
tered dispositions as employers, believing tbat
nothing good can emanate from the man who
labors for a livelihood. Mr. McCHIvray Is
pleased to call organized labor demagogues
and disturbers, hut from such a source it
amounts to nothing. On the other hand, or
ganized labor has pretty well demonstrated to
the nubile that it is awake to the best Inter
ests of the city and Is In accord with all con
ditions calculated to benefit and Improve our
city. This fact was evidenced by the support
given to tho charter and its adoption after
several unsuccessful attempts had been mada
to obtain a new organic law. Organized labor
is In the fight to win regardless of the force
and coercion upon some of our contractors
which Is being applied and practiced by a few
of the mill-owners and a few lumber com
panies who are their financial backers. Most
of the contractors have proven trlemselves Just
and loyal and shall have tho unqualified sup
port of labor.
President McCarthy's Salaries.
After he was shamed into permitting: eoae one
to Kay a word In favor of the mlllmen he con
sented to have a mlllman address the moetinfc,
but as no member of the union was present
It wan suggested that Mr. McCarthy be al
lowM the privilege. This met with Instant
opposition on the part of Messrs. McGllvray
ami "Wilson, who declared that the Building
Trades Council or Its president haft nothing
to do with the matter. As a matter of fact
the MHImen's Union, being an Integral part of
the HulMltic Trades Council for some past
Fix months, decided upon the eight-hour day
and requested that the same would go into
effect on May 1. The council did not approvt
of May 1, but approved of August 13 as the
date when the eight-hour day should ko Into
effect for th* mlllmen.
Thus It will be seen that action had Its
birth In the MHImen's Union and was after
ward transferred to the Building Trades Ccun
cll for enforcement, and the present lockout
Is In persuance of a request sent to the mlll
owners by the Bulldlns: Trades Council over
four months ago. bo that now the Building
Trades Council and not the Mlllmen's Union <
directly is the party to the action and a re
fusai by the exchange to hear Mr. McCarthy
was a refusal to allow a party directly in
terested to state his side.
sacred precincts of the New Montgomery street
headquarters.
Articles of Incorporation of New
Company Having That Object
in View Filed.
Articles of Incorporation of the Hetch-
Hetchy and Yosemite Valleys Railway
Company of California were filed yester
day. William R. Berry, Horatio L. Tis
dale, Charles II. Lamberton, Charles F.
Baker and John H. Schafer, the directors,
purpose constructing a narrow-gauge
road from Carters. Tuolumne County, to
the Hetch-Hetchy Valley, Tuolumne
County; thence to Yosemite Valley, Mar
iposa County. The main line will be sev
enty-five miles in length, with branches
as follows: One to the Calaveras Big
Trees, lensth twenty-live miles; one to
Mount Duckwall, length three miles; one
to Hull Meadows, length three miles; one
to the south line of section 16. township
3 north, range 18 east. Mount Diablo base
and meridian, lensrth six miles; one to
"Willow Meadow, length one mile, and one
to Middle Fork of Tuolumne River, length
twelve miles.
The capital stock is $1,000,000. of which
$125,000 have been subscribed, each of the
directors subscribing $25,000.
RAILWAY WILL SOON
; TAP YOSEMITE VALLEY
AGAIN Kelly and Crinvnins have
been outgeneraled by the reform
forces of the Republican party, and
there is assurance that the Fourth
Congressional District Committee will be
wrested from the control of the Mint sa
loon bosses. In arranging for the so-call
ed Republican primary in the Fourth Dis
trict Kelly failed to observe the require
ments of the official call Issued by the
Republican State Central Committee. He
neglected to issue a call for the primary
and therefore, according to the call of the
governing body of the party, delegates
elected to the Santa Cruz convention from
the Assembly districts within the boun
daries of the Fourth Congressional Dis
trict will be entitled to assemble and
nominate a candidate for Congress. This
convention will also select a Congres
sional committee to serve for two years,
and it Is a foregone conclusion that the
committee so selected will not take or
ders from Kelly and Crimmins.
The Republican State Central Commit
tee has received returns from the Thirty
first. Forty-third and Thirty-eighth As
sembly districts and has also received the
returns of the side-show primary held in
the Thirty-third.
The executive meeting of the County
Committee Saturday night is held so that
a friendly talk may be indulged In. The.
rabble will be excluded, and it Is expected
that a great deal of the soreness at pres
ent visible will be treated with a soothing
compound.-
committee will then straighten out the af
fairs of the Thirty-ninth, and then the
protest of the Forty-third will be consid
ered. There is no doubt from the present
outlook that the County Committee will
organize and control the convention. The
bosses have not been able to submit tes
timony showing that the charges of stuf
fing and repeating made against them in
the various protests are not true.
So far the returning board has received
the returns of twelve and a half districts
and canvassed eleven, and the defeat of,
the bosses Is assured.
The Ftesno rate rase come? up for oral
Brg-:;mert on AVedr«>sday. September 5. In
the Supkme Coun. \Vhen the decision
Is reach*! it will Fttle the whole matter
for good! •¦};*¦<»¦'
Jamcf V. Coleman OperatetJ. O* 1 -
Jamc* % Coleman, who has been 111 for
Eome tlm!. underwent another operation
I Fresno Rate Case.
Viola-ed the Sunday Law.
Deputy Fi;- 1 Commissioner John Davis
confiscated a .arge amount of fish netting
la?t Sunday in Huisun Bay. There was
nearly 2T.00 fee: «f the net. and the reason
for taking it x> a s that it had been set in
violation of th* Jaw. which prohibits the
taking-of fi*h 1«twern Saturday night and
Monday moraine during the open season
for faltnon. In the net were over three
dozen jfilmon. tr.opt of which were alive.
They »t-r»> net aT Utwrty.
r.^rr^p o f divorce were *rranted yester
•'<:•' t. Mary Francis Glynn from James
Qynn on the ground of willful neg
lect r*r i Allie K. Rrower from George W.
Br»u-M on the pround of desertion.
S;::ts for divorce were filed yesterday
by Thotiai Reynolds against Grace Rey
nolds t- internpenfneo. Annie M. Wad
leiph ;it : jnst Charles W. Wadleign for
failure j, provide. S. M. Taber against
Oeturinc Taber for desertion. Clara. W .
Cary BXMojrt CluurlO W. Cary for deser
tion. Bertaa MeCord against \>. A. M£
< "ord for xilure to provide and Robert
Wmlpoie atrdnst Adeline Walpole for de
sertfon.
In the Divorce Court.
AFTERNOON TEA
AT ALLEN HOME
yesterday at the Lane Hospital. The
operation was for an abscess, and was
puccessfully performed by Dr. George W.
Fuller. It was a severe operation and at
an early hour this morning the. patient
was doing well and his physician gave
every hope of his speedy recovery.
Judge Cabaniss Holds That Oluf Ny
gaard Brought the Attack
on Himself.
Jake Rauer. bill collector, appeared In
Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday, on the
charge of battery preferred against him
bv Oluf Nygaard, nrst mate of the steam
er Point Arena, on August 20. The Judge
'ifter hearinK the evidence came to the
conclusion that Nygaard was to blame for
the beating he received hy calling Rauer
and his associates thieves and robbers.
N'ygaard in his testimony explained that
he hail gone to Ttauer's office to ask why
he had been charged with a bill that he
had paid a year before. He admitted that
ho called Rauer and the others In the of
fice thieves and robbers and he was then
attacked by the clerks and thrown out.
when Rauer threw an ink bottle at him.
which struck him on the head, inflicting
an ugly wound.
Rauer and his clerks testified that after
\vRaard called them thieves and robbers
the office boy. Walter Clark, went to put
him out and he struck the boy. Then L.
Graf hit Nygaard on the nose and Rauer
threw the Ink bottle at him.
Nathan-Dohrmann Will Close.
An assortment of beautifully tinted Bo
hemian Glass Vases at from 20c to 55c
each on sale this morning at Nathan-
Pohrmann Co.'s, 122-132 Sutter street.
This is lust half price. The sale of this
rare collection of bric-a-brac at from 10
to f«0 per cent discount will close Saturday
night If the ornamentation of your home
is not complete this is an excellent oppor
tunity to make it so. ;>> : ..\.-
Seventy dollars per square Inch was the
prieo paid to the Duke of Marlborough
for Raphael's Madonna Ansldei In the Na
tional Gallery at London. .: : \
JAKE RAUER ACQUITTED
OF A BATTERY CHARGE
OAKLAND, Aug. 27. -Mrs. J. J. Allen
gave an informal tea this afternoon
at her residence. 1104 Fourteenth
street, complimentary to, her sister,
Mrs. Edward Crandall, and Miss Marion
E. Barrington. The house was prettily
decorated with vines and flowers. Among
the sruests were:
Mrs. M. H. Barrington, Miss M. E. Bar
rington, Mrs. D. C. Owen. Mrs. Edward
Crandall. Mrs. Harris, Mrs. Philip Walsh,
the Misses Robbins. Miss Nita Seymour,
the Misses Neylan, Miss Emma Knowlton,
Mrs. Genter. Mrf. James Tennant, Mrs.
K. B. Scheuch, Miss Jennie Allen.
A reception will be given at Grace
Church. San Francisco, next Tuesday
evening to Bishop J. W. Hamilton of San
Francisco, Bishop David A. Moore of
China and Earl M. Cranston of Portland,
Oregon. The reception will be largely at
tended by members of the First Methodist
Church of Oakland and is given particu
larly to give Oaklanders an opportunity
to say farewell to Bishop Moore, who
officiated here yesterday. He will soon
sail for China. *
The delegates who will represent Branch
No 1 of Oakland at the thirteenth annual
Grand Council of the Catholic Ladles' Aid
Society, which will convene at Santa Cruz
to-morrow, are: Miss Jennie Jordan. Mrs.
II. McAllister, Mrs. M. Gilbert and Mrs
Ham Coleman. Those from Alameda No.
3 are: MiF? K. Jollymour, Mrs. B. Dyer,
Miss Lily Seeley and Miss Mame Higgins.
The -Unity Club will be entertained next
Friday evening at the residence of D. P.
Hughes. 1020 Myrtle Ftret. Mr. and Mrs.
Hughes will be' assisted in receiving the
club by Llewellyn Hughes and Misses
Bertha and Olive Carter. A musical pro
gramme is being prepared and progres
sive "hearts" will be played. ;
PRESBYTERIAN CLERGY
DISCUSS CONFESSION
ROBBED OF ALL HE HAD
BY A CLEVER SCHEMER
Members of the Ministerial Union j
Favor Revising or Condensing
"Westminster Declaration.
The Westminster confession was the
subject of a thoughtful discussion at the
regular meeting of the Presbyterian Min- I
l?ter!al Union at the headquarters of the
Occidental Board on Sacramento street
yesterday morning. About thirty clergy
men were present, besides a number of
prominent women church workers. From
now until next May, when '.he Presbyte
rian conference in Philadelphia is to vote
upon the question of revising the confes
sion, the Presbyterian churches in this
city, and In fact all over the country, will
make a practical study of the question,
holding general discussions in many of the
several churches for the benetit of the
members.
Among the speakers yesterday was J.
\V. Dinsmore of San Jose, who spoke very
highly of the confession, but favored a
shorter translation. In these days of
btxrrjr m<>st people don't have the time to
peruse thou?httully .'ill the articles. Con
densation would enable one to express his
btii«f. just as is possible with the ten
commandments, which are brief, but
ftsr.d for a great deal. Dr. Dinsmore
•could use the commandments as an ex
ample of brevity to be followed in con
ilvr.fiag the confession.
r>r. \n;!f,im Alexander, profeppor In the !
¦:¦¦¦ ¦ gicul seminary at San Anseimo, is!
tn enthusiastic student of Calvin. He ;
however, said there was nothing in the
Westminster confession which he could j
not accept. He said that if the ministers !
p< : • rally favored a revision he would not j
offer any objection. He would accede to!
. •:•'.¦ r a revision or a separate declaration. ,
Ttu ¦ nf< HFloa was compiled ZM years ago i
_;.ind when the feeling was very j
Ft r nx.
Thomns Fra«er of Oakland spoke '
klnfllv th" confession, as did Dr. H.
<\ Mir.ton of the San Anseimo Semi
rarv. Rev. H. K. Rosworth. assistant pas
tor <"f Trinity Presbyterian Church. Rev.
r. F. P.umham of Vallejo and Rev. Hugh
}>..?• r of Oakland. Each presbytery In
the I'nited States is to send one minister
ri one layman to the convention in.
Philadelphia, Fan Francisco and Oakland
¦ill be entitled to four delegates. These
sill ':• chosen early in the spring.
the Red Cross Society. According to th«
boy's* story he arrived here a short time
&go from Manila. Shortly after his ar
rival he met the man whom he now claims
robbed him. The. stranger, after learning
that Silk had $3 f » in his possession, claimed
that he was an agent for the Red Cross
Society and inrtuc.-d him to give him the
amount for safr-ke? ping. A fow days
latter the unsuspecting lad learned thai
his n«*w-found friend had skipped with his
money.
An investigation by the police revealed
that the alleged ngent, after obtaining the
money from his innocent victim, pur
chased a ticket for Hostnn. To-day an ef
fort will be mad» to intercept him.
San Francisco Boys' Home.
The San F"rancff=eo Roys' Home ha= bp«»n
moved from its old quarters on Howard
Ktrf^t to a larger house at 140 Tenth
Ftreet The hcm«* ha? been established
Finro i«T*fi and in the four years it has af
forded shelter for many well meaning
bovs who might have been cast into baa
orjety. Thr- manajror. A. H. HiiMiInson.
«c pent not a few- of his charges to the
irk School of Mechanical Arts, where
• ev are now being educated in useful
tildes One of the means of support of
hom«« is a Fmall newspaper printed
th re The purpose of the manager is to
«;. for boys over 14 years of age until
ih(.. - -* -^ »^L**> r*n r*> nf t hemselves.
John Silk, a Boy, Relieved of 530 by
an Alleged Agent of Bed
Cross Society.
John Silk, sured 1C years, yesterday com
plained to Captain SpilLme of the South
ern station that he had been robbed of $30
by a man who claimed to be an agent for
The investigation concerning the Forti
eth will be ended this afternoon, and the
The sub-committee of the returning
board of the county committee met yes
terday afternoon and received a number
of protests. That of the Fortieth Assem
bly District was taken up and the after
noon spent in interviewing- witnesses for
both sides. The work of the committee
was not completed during the afternoon
and It adjourned until 8 p. m. Numerous
protests had been Hied in the meantime
and it was decided to take them up in
order.
The course of the County Committee
in standing resolutely at the post of duty
and maintaining a lirm attitude against
compromise With fraud and crime is re
ceiving the commendation of good citi
zens.
Yesterday Alfred Bouvier, chairman,
and James A. \Vilson, secretary, issued a
call for a special meeting of the County
Committee at Shiels' Hall next Saturday
evening. The Session will be executive
and therefore the "hopheads" from the
Mint saloon will not vote on roll call. *
Ail danger that the Mint saloon bosses
will gain control of the municipal con
vention of the Republican party has van
ished. The delegates elected "under the
auspices of the Republican County Com
mittee will organize the convention and
make the nominations. Desertions from
the camp of the bosses. are of hourly oc
currence. The throngs assembled at the
rooms of the committee signify that the
regular organization is fully recognized.
Great pressure has been brought to bear
on the Republican State Committee t<»
elicit expression of sympathy in favor of
the defeated bosses, but the pressure has
been in vain.
Good citizens of the Republican party
throughout the State will hoar with grati
fication that the bosses have been outgen
eraled by the reform leaders.
Politicians cannot understand how Kelly
happened to make such a blunder. It Is
surmised that he was so busily engaged
in rounding up loafers and opium !iend3
to Impersonate decent citizens at the local
primary thnt he overlooked the important
requirements of the State Committee with
reference to Congressional district con
ventions.
Returns received from the primary elec
tions held in many counties of the State
last Saturday render it 'possible to fore
cast the complete Republican Congres
sional ticket in California, It is rea
sonably certain that Frank L. Coombs
will rally a sufficient number of county
delegations to win the nomination in the
First District. The convention will . be
held at Santa Cruz next week.
Returns received from the Second Con
gressional District foreshadow the nomi
nation of Colonel E. A. Forbes of Marys
vllle. The Sacramento County delegation
will support Colonel Forbes. lie will
also have the support of the delegation
trom liutte. Sutler and Yuba, and will
probably get many votes from Placer, Ne
vada. h.\ Dorado and Tuolumne.
Victor H. Metcalf is already the Ree
publican nominee in the Third District,
jame:? McL.achlan was recently nominated
for Congress in the Sixth. J. C. Needl:am
was unanimously renominated yesterday
in the Seventh.
So far as can be ascertained there is no
organized opposition to the renomination
of Eugene F. Loud In the Fifth. The in
dications are that he will get the nomina
tion on the first ballot if he is not chosen
by acclamation.
Julius Kahn is the only Republican can
didate mentioned for the Fourth District
and is sure to receive the nomination.
The Republican ticket may thus bo
given:
First District — Frank L. Coombs, Napa.
Second District — E. A. Forbes, Yuba.
Third District— Victor H. Metcalf, Ala
meda.
Fourth District— Julius Kahn, San Fran
cisco.
Fifth District— Eugene F. Loud, San
Francisco.
Sixth District— James McLachlan, Los
Angeles.
Seventh District— J. C. Needham, Stan
islaus.
The Democrats will put up a strong
fight in several of the districts. State
Senator R. Porter Ashe will probablv be
chosen to lead the contest against itahn
in the Fourth District.
Josenh D. Sproule of Chico vrtll doubt
less receive the Democratic indorsement
for Congress in the Second District and
will therefore be the opponent of Colonel
Forbes in a race which promises to be
exciting.
In the Fifth District the Democrats talk
of bringing James V. Coleman into the
contest. II. C. Gesford is also spoken of.
In the Sixth District the Democrats talk
freely of nominating General John R.
Mathews to lead the race against Mr.
Mcl^achlan.
Form of proxy as follows will be recog
nized by the Republican State convention
at Santa Cruz:
The undersigned, a regularly elected delegate
to the Republican State Convention to be held
at Santa Cruz on the 5th of September. 1900.
lureby constitutes his proxy,
with full power to act and vote In his place
and stead in Raid State convention and in any
district convention which may be held at th»
same time and place In which he Is entitled to
a seat and voice, and with full power of sub
stitution. .
Delegate for the Assembly District.
List of Candidates Who Will Take the
Field Against the Nominees
of the Democratic
Party.
Ticket That Probably Will
Be Nominated by the
Convention.
HEPUBLIChNS
HIVE SELECTED
CONGRESSMEN
An lm£>crtani '. tnc-tir.c of the Bryan and
Ffvenson Democratic Campaign Club, Thirty
r.ir.th Assembly P;.«Trict. will be held at Sara
toga Hall. Sit" Of**T Mreet. en Wednesday.
AUffast IS. at S p. in. We earnestly request the
attendance fi your&'.f and friends as we de-
Fire to protest aca'.nFt the methods of Mayor
rhclaa to rule cr ruin the Democratic r<irty.
JAMES F. FORD. President.
JESSE A. GALI.AND, Secretary.
To-morrow evening the Bryan and Stev
enson Democratic Compaign Club of the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District will meet
at Saratoga Ha!l and lodge a protest
aga!r.st the high-handed and raw work of
the Phelan faotion. Following is the text
of the call for the meeting:
The primary election held last Saturday
night under the auspices of the Phelonic
plague ring of the Democratic party was
a. bowling farce and a fhain. The rolls
were stuffed and padded and the result
of the so-called primary declared before
the hour set for the pretended voting to
begin.
It is "well known to, intelligent and fair
minded Democrats of gan Francisco that
t-everal thousand Democratic voters of
the city were excluded from participation
in the 6O-caJled election of delegates to
the State Convention of the party.
th« legitimate right of franchise, whether
The wrong is committed in the Republican
party or in the Democratic ranks.
There ere many signs of opon revolt In
the Democratic party of San Francisco.
Decent Republicans would not for an In
stant submit to the outrages which the
bog-us Civil Service push is Inflicting on
reputable taxpayers and citizens of Demo
cratic faith. The Call is against ballot*
box stuffing, repeating and the denial of
Sham.
The Recent Primary Election Held
Under Their Auspices Proves a
fowling Farce and a
Incensed at High- Handed
Methods of Phelan's
Henchmen.
SIGNS OF REVOLT
AMONG MEMBERS
OF DEMOCRACY
ANTI-BOSS REPUBLICANS ARE
NOW MASTERS OF SITUATION
Reform Forces Outgeneral Bosses and Also Gain Control of Fourth Con
gressional District Convention— Special Meeting of the
County Committee Call led.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1900.
PROMINENT FIGURES AT
THE SESSION OF THE REPUB
LICAN RETURNING BOARD.
7
1146 Market Street.
New Goods Arriving Daily.
in Brown, Gray and Navy, value for 6 4 7C
$10.00, will be offered at Oti I J
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE JACKETS, value OC rtfl
for $8, will be offered at OUiUU
LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, value for $10.00, QC Oft
will be offered at OviUU
BLACK FIGURED ALPACA SKIRTS, worth Qfl n
$1.50, will be offered at UUu
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, worth $1.00, will E|j p
be offered at ullu
LADIES' CHEVIOT TAILOR-MADE SUITS.
BARGAINS
WILL BE PLACED ON SALE THIS DAY
ij^^s^ji^^'
6AN PAPAF.L. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Eeparat* Room*. Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEOINS AUGUST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
Hitchcock School,
1843 Jackson St., Ban Francisco. Boarding and
Day School for GlrU. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California. Leland Stanford Jr. Untvcr-
rity. Vas«sar and Smith Colleges. Reopens Au-
BUFt 6. 1900. SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
It Is desired to correct an erroneous Impres-
sion that Trinity School has been discontinued.
It will open as usual MONDAY. August 8.
Only boys of good moral character are taken.
0. 8. MEAD, JM3 Central av«.
TRINITY SCHOOL.^
All sort* of people use It, all sorts of stores
sell it, especially druggists.
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
HEALL'S BUSINESS COLLEGE.
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century; has a
national reputation, and was one of the few
schools selected to represent the development
of commercial education at the Paris exposi-
tion, over 17,000 graduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: 200 graduate* annually
placed in positions; 25 teachers; open the entire
year: new 80-page catalogue free.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND RALLY OF V AUDE V1LLE" 3
STRONGEST FORCES.
Y0SCARY~TR0UPE,
Lavender and Thomson, The Tobins,
NEWSKY TROUPE,
LEW TIAWK1NS. CAROLINE HULL. ARNIM
AND WAGNER. MA CARTS GREAT
ANIMAL SHOW. IUOGRAFH.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony. 10c; opera chairs
and box seatn. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
CURTAIN RISES AT 8 P. M. SHARP.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Thursday, Sunday NiRhta and Saturday Mat,
"TANNHAUSER."
Wednesday. Friday, Saturday Evening.
Verdi's Great Historical Opera,
"THE MASKED BALL"
"(In Balla jaiaschera."
Seats on Sale Seven. Days Ahead.
POPULAR PRICES 23o and 30c
Telephone Rush 9.
MOROCCO'S
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
NEW^RAWW L£ I PANY
ONLY THIS WEEK
"THESILVERKING"
WILTON LACK A YE
As the Stiver Klne.
A BRILLIANT SUCCESS
PRICES 10c. 1.1c. 25c. 5Oc
A few front rows In orchestra 73c
Branch Ticket Offlce — Emporium.
"^^^^^ LAST
>. —^ — > —^ — — w W CCIV
ROBERTS
BEAUTIFUL .f '-t™C^3"UJ"
PORTRAYAL JPp^OTJ
Next Week, Beginning With Labor Day
Matinee, Monday, Sept. S— DOROTHY
DORR AND HOWARD HALL In
"THE MASQUERAPERS."
FAREWELL WEEK OF THE SEASON
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
C™ i henry miller
AND I And a SPECIAL COMPANY.
WEDNESDAY I i n the. Romantic Drama. THE
satI-rday I ONT Y WAY
MATINEES. ¦ \J\.\ JU 1 If Al«
Adapted by Freeman Wills From Charles Dick-
ens' Novel.
"A TALE OF TWO CITIES."
Farewell Performance Saturday Night.
Next Monday— CLAY CLEMENT and L.
R STOCKWELL CO. In "A GREAT OB-
BTACLE." adapted from "No Thoroughfare."
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL,
213 SUTTER. ABOVE KEARNY.
TWO FAREWELL RECITALS.
Given By
PALOMA SCHRAIY.IV..
Assisted by Her Sister KARLA.
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON, August 23th.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. September
1st, at 2:30 p. m.
Reserved Peats 50c and 75c
On Sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
FT9CHFR2S concert house.
flOtnfin.D Admission 10c.
Hartley and Hart. Vic W. Gulon. Maud Still.
Brooke Eltrym. Eudora Forde. Little Vrrna Fel-
ton. John Delmore and New Moving Pictures.
Reserved Beats, 23c: Matinee, Bunday.
SUTRO BrtTHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. in.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, Sc.
Bathing, including admission, Sc Children 20&
POLYTECHNIC .- gggffiS 5
Has the largest and best equipped departments
In the West. Regular business and shorthand
course. Students may enter at any time. All
graduates In responsible positions. Freo cata-
logue. Oakland. Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO
Monterey
Pacific Grove
Del Monte
SUN DA Y 0
SEPTEMBER L
Round' ftj ¦ m
Tickets ill/
UNDER THE PERSONAL SUPERVISION OF
WM. H. MEN'TON. EXCURSION PA&-
SENOER AOEXT SOUTHERN
PACIFIC COMPANY.
5 HOURS
AT THIS DELIOHTFTTL RENDEZVOUS.
BATH HOUSE ON BAY SHORE.
SWIMMINO IN THE SURF.
AMPLE TIME TO TAKE THE CELE-
BRATED EIGHTEEN-MILE DRIVE.
Train leave* Fan Franc!.*™, Third and
Townsor.d »t. depot, i a. m. Returning, leaves
Pacific (Jrove. 4:45 p. m.
Residents of Oakland. Alarm-da and Berkeley
should take the 6 a. m. local for Pan Francisco.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TICKETS
¦Will be placed on wile at OI»— Market St.— 613
(Grand Hotel ticket offlcei. August 30. 31.
and September I. and at Third ar.<l Townsentl
and Valencia street depots en ir.ornlnff of the
excursion.
HI SATURDAY,
!*&7*!wii SEPTEMBER 1st.
SiiZiliS 16TH STREETS.
AND NIQHTLT.
Pain's SI000 Fireworks!
FOR TWO WEEKS.
EXCEPTING SUNDAY NIGHT, SEPT. 1
500 SOLDIERS. ATHLETES. ETC.
10.000 FEET REALISTIC SCENERY !
SEATS FOR lO.nOO.
Beats and boxes at Sherman, Clay ft Co.'*,
bealnnln* Thursday morning.
|wo weeks of Racing.
&&3^isLjwDoG SHOW.
ExK'ikii^ Carried xi^"CjS c '
Excursion RatcsJorVisltors.
V/rfte .for particulars to
PeterJ. Shields, a.B.Spreckels,
1 SECRETARY. ¦ PRESIDENT.
ALTA THEATER.
!M GROVE STREET PHONE SOUTH S3*.
TO-NIGHT. AH Thin Week. Matinees Saturday
and Sunday,
"EAST LYNNE,"
Beautiful Settings and Strong Cast.
PRICES— 10c. Me. JOe.
Next Week— CAPT. JACK CRAWFORD in
His New ThrtlUn* Dramatized History of HU
LK» "ON THE TPJUU"George Bates has. applied for *a writ of
mandate to compel the Board of Educa
tion to reinstate him as assistant teacher
of Latin- in the Mission High School.
School Board Sued.
•Illuminated celebration writing papers,
envelopes, flags, bunting, colored crepe
papers In red, white, blue and yellow, and
decorations of every description for sale
by Sanborn,' Vail & Co., 741 Market at •
Prepare for the Celebration.
Walter Brown appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on a charge of as
sault to do great bodily harm. Saturday
Brown and Charles Blanchard, laborers
were working on the new battleship Ohio
and had a light. Brown struck Blanch
ard a blow that staggered him and h& fell
into, the hold. Blanchaxd was taken to
the City and County Hospital, and- the
Judge was notified yesterday that he was
in a critical condition from a fractured
skull. The case was continued pending
further development.
May Be Charged With Murder.
The funeral of Mrs. David I. Mahoney,
wife of Police Commissioner Mahoney,
was held from St. Mary's Cathedral, at
the corner of Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street at 9:30 o'clock yesterday
morning. Requiem high mass was cele
brated by Rev. Edward Dempsey, assist
ant pastor of the cathedral. The services
were simple but impressive. The church
was filled with relatives and friends and
Rev. Timothy Callahan of San Mateo, a
close friend of the family, was among
those In the sanctuary. > J
Owing to a misunderstanding on tho
part of the sexton there was no singing.
The floral : tributes were prof use, the cas
ket being literally covered with lovely
flowers, i The chief and assistant chiefs
of the-Pire Department' sent a large and
handsome urn of flowers and similar gifts
were made by Companies A and B of thtj
Police Department. 'There were also a
large number of individual offerings.
The pall-bearers were -Dr. A. P. O'Brien,
Richard L. Wallace, William A. Plunkett,
Fire Commissioner John H. Grady, Mr.
Morrissey and Daniel Callahan. The in
terment was in Calvary Cemetery.
Requiem High. Mass Celebrated at
the Cathedral for Mrs. David
L Mahoney.- *
SERVICES WERE SIMPLE
BUT VERY IMPRESSIVE
Board of Examiners Will Present
Resolutions Toward That End
to San Jose Convention.
The City Board of Examiners passed an
important resolution yesterday for" pre
sentation to I the biennial convention ot
county and city Superintendents. The
document touches a point which is of vital
interest to every teacher, namely, the pre
sentation of a petition to the State Legis
lature to the end that certificates granted
to teachers may be made permanent In the
county in which they have been granted.
It is provided that before such action Is
taken the teacher must provide satisfac
tory proof of five years' experience in the
schools of the county in which the certio
rate was taken out. A four-fifths majority
in the Board of Education is also one of
the requirements called for in'connectlon
with the granting of ,a life certificate. The
convention will be called at. San Jose to
day, and delegates will be asked to inter
est themselves in the matter.
WOULD HAVE TEACHERS'
CERTIFICATES PERMANENT
Struck on His Head on the Stone
Pavement and Sustained Frac
ture of Skull.
The autopsy made yesterday by Morgue
Surgeon Leland upon the body of Edmund
Williamson revealed the cause of death to
be fracture of the skull, with the resulting
cerebral hemorrhage.
P. E. Chapln, assistant superintendent
of the California Street Railway Com
pany, called at the Morgue yesterday and
made a statement which tends to prove
that Williamson was to blame for his own
death. He was seated on the inside of the
car. and when It passed Powell. street Wil
liamson walked to the back platform ana
got off while It was in motion in front ot
the Stanford mansion. He fell and struck
on the back of his head.
The car was stopped and the Injured
man taken on beard and his wound exam
ined by Dr. Lustlg, who was one of the
passengers. When the car arrived at the
crossing of California and Kearny streets
Williamson was taken into Joy's drug
store, where Dr. Lustie dressed several
scalp wounds. The patient walked away
from the drugstore, and was next seen
near Sheriff Lackmann's grocery, on Cali
fornia street, between Stockton and Pow
ell, in charge af two young men who
had piloted him thither.
PRINTER WILLIAMSON
JUMPED OFF THE CAR
As the result of a conference held yes
terday between Auditor AVells and the
Board of Education the salaries of the
schoolteachers for November, 1893, which
are as yet due, will be paid in full. Tho
amount set aside for that purpose Is
$15,000. Of this, however, the merchant
creditors of the Department of Schools
claim $3000. Auditor Wells says that tho
teachers will have to step aside in their
favor.
Teachers' Back Pay Coming.
Man Noted for Unostentatious Acts
of Charity Joins the Innumer- .
able Caravan.
Old residents of San Francisco will learn
with regret of the death of Amos Jerome
Bailey, which occurred last Sunday after
noon at St. Luke's Hospital. The de
ceased ¦was widely known in this city and
throughout the State. On his arrival in
California in 1850 he located In Columbia,
in Tuolumne County. After a few years
he removed to Stockton, where he en
gaged in business with an uncle. Subse
quently he entered the hotel business, and
for several years conducted the famous
Weber House in Stockton. From the ho
tel he transferred his interest anew to
mining 1 in Tuolumne County.
Bailey met with great success and final
ly removed to this city, where he was
known for years as a prominent figure in
minine and stock speculation. . In the
days when Bailey enjoyed his greatest
prosperity he delighted in unostentatious
acts of charity nnd philanthropy. He ex
pended thousands of dollars in relief of
the needy and hl3 epitaph will be written
upon the hearts of hundreds who had oc
casion to know and appreciate his kind
ness. The funeral of the dead pioneer
will take place at 11 a. in. to-dav from
Mission street, near Twentv-third. The
interment will be at the Masonic Ceme
tery.
PIONEER HOTEL-KEEPER
GONE TO FINAL REST
Witnesses Were Absent.
Hoi Chin and Woo Shack were not
placed on trial before Judge Dunne yes
terday for the murder of Chun Ah Soo on
February 2S last. When their cases were
called it was found that none of the Chi
nese witnesses for the prosecution were
present. Bench warrants were issued for
their arrest and the cases were continued
until to-morrow.
Elmer Iiocke to Be Cared For
Elmer Locke, the boy who had his legs
crushed by an electric car at Ninth and
Folsom streets Sunday evening, will re
ceive every attention from a medical
standpoint. The. wife of Benjamin Gunn.
real estate agent, called at *the Receiving
Hospital yesterday morning and told the
boy's widowed mother that she would
have him removed to the Children's Hoa.
pital and kept there at her expense, Mrs.
Gunn has taken an interest in the family
for years. Elmer was one of the very
active workers in the Children's Band of
Mercy, which is an adjunct to the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
; Animals.
She was released from the City Prison
last evening on $100 cash bail. The
amount was furnished by ex-Judge Gra
ham, who has been retained by her
friends to defend her. Abbott, who Is Im
proving rapidly, has announced his Inten
tion of not prosecuting the woman.
It is understood that at the next meet
ing of the Board of Police Commissioners
Abbott's license to conduct his notorious
resort will be revoked.
* ? • I
"Rene Adams," the victim of the noto
rious "Billy" Abbott, whom Bhe shot early
Saturday morning, calls Alameda her
home. Her real name is Polly Knight.
»i{er people live on Central avenue, near
Knclnal Park rtation. One of her sisters
was a friend of Clara Fallmer, the slayer
of Charles Ladue. Polly formerly worked
in the cotton mills in East Oakland. She
was wayward and beyond the control of
her parents.
ABBOTTS VICTIM IS
RELEASED ON BAIL
Her B«al Name Ts Polly Knight and
She Formerly Lived in
Alameda.
Honorable Jame? D. Phelan, Mayor of !
this city and county, returned from |
abroad last night, after an absence from ]
Jiis arduous duties for nearly two months. ;
He is in splendid health and is ready to j
take up the work of governing the muni- ]
cipality with renewed vigor. During his ]
absence from this city he has observed j
the internal workings of the great cities
of the world and is now In a position to
grJve the benefit of his knowledge and ex
perience to San Francisco.
Mayor Phelan was met at Sacramento
by Chief of Police William P. Sullivan and i
OiaiOes Fay. Supervisors Boxton. Curtis, j
Dwyer, Braur.hart. Connor and Maguire I
of the Boar a cf Works; Messenger Wil
liams. T. Mahoney. John Grady and D. C.
Murphy met his Honor at the Oakland
mole and welcomed him back to his home.
The Mayor expressed delight at being able
to see "dear old San Francisco" aga'.n.
Jle also expressed sorrow on learning the
news of the death of Supervisors Helms
and Duboce, but h«» did not say whom he
•would appoint to fill the vacancies In the
board.
"I find that the American cities aro«far
ahead of the European cities, bo far^is I
observed or could learn. In everything ex
cept possibly the condition of the streets."
F.aid the Mayor, in discussing his travels.
"The improvements being made In the
streets of American cities, however, have
been very marked during the last ten
rears. The street transportation Is defi
cient In London and Paris, whereas tn
>"ew York the underground electric Beems
to be the accepted method to-day, and
'•'roadway is at the present time torn up
irntn Union square to the Battery to per
rr.it the putting in of underground f-lec
trical power in place of the cable. The
climatic advantages of San Francisco
make underground, electric power much
more feasible than in the East, where
there 1? so much rain during the entire
year ar.d snow In the winter. But on ac
count of the- great traffic on the street
Furfoce the three great cities of the world
have turned simultaneously to under
ground tunneling. New York has begun
her Broadway tunnel and London and
Paris have theirs in actual operation and
are extending the system day by day. In
I>ondon the tunnel is as much as ninety-
Jive feet under the j-urface of the ground,
and you descend to the stations In large
electric elevators. The cars are brllliant-
Jy Illuminated and the tunnel Is lined with
white tiles. The motive power is under
ground electricity. This system was !n-
Ftalled by American companies and has
already cost London $15,000,000. The same
Fystern Is being introduced Into, Paris.
¦Ultimately, when our city's population in
creases, we will have to have a tunnel to
relieve the business on Market street.
"in the matter of administration S-»n
Francisco is ahead of Chicago and New
York. The rumors r.f 'Jobbery' are bo
common !n those citi?s and the political
atinopphrre Is so bad that San Franciscu
by ••omparifon may be considered as far
Mdvancefl, while our lax rate is lower.
In New York last vear there was $16,00),
000 added to the budget, which then
parisons.
His Honor Had a Pleasant
Trip Abroad and Is
Refreshed.
<
Ee Talks Interestingly About Vari
ous Affairs of Eastern Munici
palities and Draws Com-
MAYOR PHELAH
RETURNS FROM
HIS VACATION
"I left this city on June 29 ani attended
the Democratic convention and then visit
ed Chicago. I spent three days In New
York and left that city and arrived in
London on July 18: My time after that
was divided between London and Paris,
T>ut I found time to make a three davs'
Etay In Southern Germany.
"I find in conversation with people that
Bryan's chances are regarded as good;
that which most militated against him
four years ag-o were his financial theories,
which created sn actual panic among peo
ple c-nzBgod in all kinds of pursuits and
!t was that feeling of uncertainty that de
feated him. Xow there is no panic what
ever, but there Js a strong feeling that
v.e are departing from the traditional pol
icy of the Government and are launching
out on a new and unprintable field which
will take millions cf money and a stand-
Ing army to exploit and when exploited
will be found to be barren. The conserv
ative interests of the country are really
arrayed against foreign alliance and the
acquisition of territory in the Orient. So
on that Issue Bryan will receive a great
many votes that he never received before
and will receive Democratic votes that
wero lost to him four years ago on tho
currency question which has been prac
tically subordinated by imperialism.
"Having rested I feel able to work with
greater vigor. Wo must get a water sup
ply because it is our duty to build for
tho future of San Francisco and the
question will become more difficult every
year. Tho Spring Valley plant,. of course.
Is inadequate to the needs of a city double
the size of San Francisco. I have followed
the course of municipal events very close
ly during my absence and will be able
and ready to take up all municipal mat
ters during the coming months."
The Mayor also remarked that this was
the first vacation he has had In four years.
His confidence in the Board of Supervis
ors permitted him to take the needed rest,
he stated.
reached more than $80,000,000, and the bur
den was keenly felt.
The appearance of the Fire Departments
and the Police Departments in New York
and Chicago seemed ?ood. but*in London
and in Paris the Fire Departments for
some reason lacked efficiency. In Paris
they enlist the men for three years' ser
vice, putting the department on a mili
tary basis, and a? soon as a man has
acquired a knowledge of his duties he is
out of the service. Both these departments
In San Francisco compare with anv In the
world. The interests of the men are caru
fully watched and tney have a pride in
the een-ice.
.Prominent Ladies Take Preliminary-
Steps to Perfect Permanent
Organization.
Preliminary steps were taken yesterday
afternoon to organize a San Francisco
section of the Council of Jewish Women.
With this end In view a large
number of prominent Jewish ladies met
in the Temple Bmanu-Kl and ex
pressed their desire to have a local or
ganization. Mrs. M. C. Sloss presided at
the meeting and Introduced the speaker
of the afternoon. Miss Sadie 'American, of
Chicago, secretary of the National Coun
cil of Jewish Women.
Miss American delivered a very able
address, tracing back the history of the
council to the time of its beginning at
the Congress of Religions at the World's
Fair. She went into details as to the
splendid work of tho society and told of
Us marvelous growth and continued ad
vancement. According to the speaker, al
though the object of the council is the
study of things Jewish, still the organi
zation is a non-sectarian one and non-
Jewish members are as welcome as those
of the Jewish faith.
After Miss American's eloquent appeal
to the ladies it was decided to appoint
temporary officers and an advisory board
with power to act in the matter of estab
lishing a local council.
The officers chosen were: Mrs. M. C.
Sloss, president, and Miss Voorsange*-,
secretary. The ladies of the advisory
board are as follow*: Mrs. M. J. Bran
denstein, Mrs. Max Cohen, Mrs. Abo
lirown, Mrs. M. Banner, Mrs. Jcs-se
Lillenthal. Miss Falkcnstein, Mrs. Ilcnry
Wangenhelm, Mrs. Frohman, Miss Conn,
Miss Aronson and Miss Levy.
Rev. Or. Voorsanger and Rev. Dr. Xieto
were present at the meeting and deliv
ered addresses in which they promised
their hearty support to a local council.
THEY MET TO ORGANIZE
LOCAL JEWISH COUNCIL
dealers to close their respective places of
business at 6 p. m. on every evening ex
cept Saturdays and evenings preceding
holidays. With that end in view H. V.
Carter, president of the association, ap
pointed a number of committees at the
last meeting to visit various branches of
the Labor Council and request their mem
bers, in order to kill night trade, not to
purchase shoes after 6 p. m except on Sat
urdays and days preceding holidays.
The committees which visited the dif
ferent unions who held meetings last
night were as follows:
Boot and Shoe Workers. H. V. Carter and
XV". K. Saundera; Carpenters' Union Xo. 304.
It. A. Boydston and James Farmer; Carpen
ters' Union No. 4S3, It. Rosenblum and W.
Reed: Painters' Union No. 73, H. Metzger ami
A. Goldberg; Marble Cutters' Union. W. A.
Tuck and J. Ross; RiRgers' and Stevedores"
Union. S. Barnett and W. R, Carter: Glaziers'
Union, A. Llcht and G. I*. Morgan: Sailora
Union, E. Moore and G. L. "U'lldren.
• This evening the Allied Printing Trades
Council will be addressed by Committee
men J. K. Jones and G. L. Compe, and the
Glassblowers' Union by M. Pugh and W.
Brannan.
Circulars have also been sent to th<i
unions by Corresponding Secretary J. E.
Kellv outlining the objects of the associa
tion and containing a pledge that its mem
bers will stand ready in the future to aid
and assist all organizations In efforts to
obtain the benefits of any similar move
ment that may take place from time to
time.
Committees From the Association
Address Various Branches of
the Labor Council.
The Retail Shoe Clerks' Protective Asso
ciation began a campaign last night
among various labor organizations in its
effort to obtain an early closing move
ment on the part of leading retail shoe
dealers of tl.ls city. The Shoe Clerks* As
sociation recently affiliated with the San
Francisco Labor Council, its official num
ber being 410. Its object is to Induce the
SHOE CLERKS' APPEAL
FOR EARLY CLOSING
A. A. Smith has been appointed by the
parade committee to examine all floats
that are to be in line, and he. with the as
sistance of eight aids, will have the direc
tion of placing them in. their proper places
In the procession.
fchilling A- Co., $100: A. W. Beadle &- Co.,
J. R. Ifanify, .1. Arepro & Co., Johnpon-I^ckc
Mercantile Company. W. M. Alexander. Cali
fornia Navigation and Improvement Company,
R. Punrmuir's Sons & «'o.. Kppinj»«"r & Co.;
FMner. A<>n & GooJsll Company, A. W. "Whtt
ney A Co., Haslett Warehouse, John Dolbcer,
H. I>>vl & <"o.. Sacramento Transportation
Company. Orepnn Railroad and Navigation
Company. California Transportation Company,
Arctic Oil Company, C. A. Hooper & Co.,
Beadle Bros.. Hobts, Wall & Co.. Black Dia
mond Coal Company. Bclllngham Bay Improve
ment Company syid Charles F. Doe & Co., $2G
each.
the trend of its preparation in the mantle
of secrecy. Chief among those who in
tend to shine on that particular day Is
Brooklyn Parlor. On the evening of the
parade the members of this parlor and
lady friends v.ill enjoy a sumptuous ban
quet.
Among' the contributions received yes
terday were >.ie following:
N'ATTVE SONS WHO ARE
ACTIVE IN CELEBRATION
WORK.
t?f=3lIERE Is to b© a gTand display of
horsemen at the head of the grand
H parade on September 10. Up to date
the grand marshal has received ac
ceptances from more than 120 who have
been namc-d as aids and acceptances have
fceen received from fifty named as spe
cial elds.
The general committee ha* been fur
rished £000 tickets to dispose of for trans
portation on the several steamers that
are to convoy sightseers Trho wish to see
the naval parade on the first night of the
festiviti"^. The celpbration fund. If these
TJckeis be disposed of by the Native Sons,
¦will receive 5750. • ?
The work of decoraUng Market street
vith artistic simplicity by the decoration
committee vrtll not be commenced until
next ¦neck. Twelve thousand yards of
garland preens will be used In this work
and several epeclal design flags will be
<OiFplayed. It was at first desired that the
preens to compote the garlands should be
Fastened on wire, under the belief that
the festoons would be more symmetrical,
but when it was demonstrated that if
f;i.-t<--n<»il to wire the preons would shrink
Jn tlie heat of the sun and that they would
ail flide from emja to center Into a. bunch
it was decided to r-sort to the old method
t ; fastening the preens on rope.
It is expected that there ariS be a de
tachrneiu at n:arines from the Iowa in
liri", beaded by the battleship's band.
fosemite Parlor of Merced will have
fifty men in line, preceded by a band
composed exclusively nf Native Sons. The
jiarlor will display its banner having upon
it? 'ace ii vi»'%v of Jli«? Yosemlte Kails.
Menlo find San Mateo parlors will cele
lr::U' with Hesperian I'arlcr of this city.
The latnr has secured head<rjarters at
3Ioover Ha!!, and will have "I^as Lomas
Parlor ct the Native Daughters to help
entertain visitors.
After tb<* parade on the 10th Sunset
Parlor of Sacramento, assisted by Native
J^aucrhTrrs: *»f that city, will tender a re
c^piion in the I,!ck House to the Pioneers
and to Native Suns and Daughters. Ar
rmgementa have l>een made for a prand
invitation ball on the nipht of that day.
The fr.ur parlors located in the city of
Oakland are makinsr extensive prepara
tions for an elatvors.te display In the pa
rade durin? the comlnsr celebration. Each
<r,e is Btrivfnz with might and main to
outdo the oth~rs. and each one to better
outstrip its £rien«Ily rival has enwrapped
From the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company that' It will discontinue the service
of s'.xty-three telephones In the Fire and Police
departments.
Federation of Mission Improvement Clubs,
calling attention to the necessity of providing
cells in the new Mission police station to en
able the transaction of Police Department bus
iness tn this building:. •
Mrs. J. Beauchamp, asking: for water facil
ities in the vicinity of her residence on Four
teenth avenue between P and Q streets gouth.
The following petitions, protests and
communications were referred to commlt-
Referred to. Committee.
The bill regulating the hours of labor
of persons engaged in the wholesale fish
business was indefinitely postponed on
recommendation of the Judiciary Com
mittee.
The> motion to reconsider the bill limit-
Ing the height of fences to twenty feet
toybe effective until July 1, 1901, when the
ten-foot ordinance becomes a law, was
passed and the matter went over for one
week.
Miscellaneous Business.
Tho board adjourned at 4 o'clock to give
the members an opportunity to welcome
Mayor Phelan. -The session, will be re
sumed this afternoon at 4 o clock, when
the week's business will be considered.
An amended offer of the People's Mu
tual Telephone Company for furnishing
San Francisco with a telephone system
was referred to the Public Utilities Com
mit, tee. VThe right and option to purchase
the system is to commence five years
after the telephone exchange is In full
operation frnd continue for ten years. The
amended provisions request the city to
pay the purchase price in gold coin with
in four months after the city shall decide
to purchase the exchange and the city
shall also pay the bonded indebtedness of
the company that shall then exist not. to
exceed $1,000,000 and make . proper pro
vision'for the payment of the same. .
We would also call your attention tq, the
manner in which the dairymen of this district
use the public streets as a dump for refuse and
sewage. These abuses are primarily caused
by the inattention of the Police Department,
the members of which by virtue of their office
are health officers and should Inform these
p.eople ¦ BAillty of the above offenses that they
are violating the laws by maintaining such
nuisances.
The resolution authorizing an expendi
ture of $3000 to be made out of the urgent
necessity fund in payment to Peter G. Du
Py, treasurer of the joint committee of
tho Native Sons of the Golden West as
the city's contribution for the semi-cen
tennial celebration, was finally passed.
The petition of the University Mound
Improvement Club for the opening up of
the streets in that district was referred
to the Street Committee. The petition
recites that the Board of Public Works
has not complied with the request to have
the law enforced. Since two notices have
been issued by the board a water tank
has been erected, which is claimed to be
a nuisance. The petition concludes:
The Street Committee withdrew its re
port recommending the denial of the pro
test of the West of Castro Street Improve
ment Club against the maintenance of
Gray Brothers', rock-crusher at Twenty
sixth and Douglass streets. This action
was the result of an opinion of City At
torney Lane on the subject, in which that
olilcial holds that the two permits granted
to W. J. Holmes, the predecessor of Gray
Brothers, to operate an engine and boiler
near the crusher was not assignable to
Gray Brothers. Lane holds that the per
mits were nothing more than personal
privileges granted by the city, that they
were revocable at its pleasure and wero
in no sense property, and that as they
•lid not run with the land they could not
be bought or sold, and they were not as
signable.
Attorney Ames addressed the board and
contended that the City Attorney had
acted on an imperfect statement of the
case. The permission enjpyed by Holmes
had been extended by resolution by a
former Board of Supervisors to the suc
cessor of Holmes after the latter had been
granted his permit. That fact. Ames
said, had not been submitted to the City
Attorney, and it was only fair that the
matter should be re-referred for ills fur
ther investigation.
The former resolution directing the
Chief of Police to cause the firm of Gray
Bros, to forthwith discontinue the main
tenance of the steam boiler until such
time as legal permission may be acquired
by them to continue the use of the same
was allowed to stand.
$3000 for Native Sons' Celebration.
Dispute Over Bock-Crusher.
Attorney James Alva Watt said that
Mrs. Reynolds was not the only property
owner who protested against the main
tenance of the tracks outside of the cen
ter line of the street. He asked for a
postponement, as it would be possible to
obtain a practical unanimity among sur
rounding residents against the nuisance.
No objection, ne said, is made to the road
throughout its length, but it was Insisted
upon that this one block shall - be recon
structed to comply with the law. It would
cost but $1500 to do so, and it was unjust
and unfair to the property owners, whose
rights are conceded by the company, to
wait two or four years, or an indefinite
period, to put the roadway into the con
dition that the law exacts.
The petition of Ann E. Reynolds to cause
to be removed a certain portion of the
track of the Presidio and Ferries Railway
system, which lies close to the sidewalk
in front of her premises on Union street,
between Hyde and Larkin, was laid over
yesterday by the Board of Supervisors
for one week. The Board of Public Works
reported that it would be necessary within
the next few years to rebuild the cable
alleyway and roadbed of the road. Sec
retary Laton of the company Informed the
board that the work of reconstructing the
road could not be undertaken for four
years, though it might be commenced in
two years, after the bonds had been re
deemed.
Supervisors Lay Over th© Matter
for One "Week After Heading
Board of Works'
Heport.
Union-Street Property-Own
ers Petition for Their
Removal.
RAILS ABE NOT
IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE ROAD
"I understand that the Board of Ed
ucation charges that my deputies have
not visited the schools, as It Is their duty
to do. The charge is false."
Yet another dispute js agitating the Su
perintendent. President Mark is charged
by Webster with having irregularly ap
pointed three teachers — Al T. Haley. Dor
othy F. Moran and Miss A. McColgan—
on the substitute list last January, on
which account Webster refused to sign
their salary warrants. This, however,
promises to end amicably. Speaking of the
matter Webster said: "I believe that the
appointment of these teachers was mere
ly a misanderstanding on Mr. Mark's
part. The board passed the demands in
regular form, but of course under the
circumstances I refused to sign the war
rants. Mr. Mark admits his mistake, and
so the matter is closed."
Webster calls attention to that section
of the charter which requires the Board
of Education to visit the schools and re
port the result of their 'visit to the Su
perintendent. This has not been complied
with, he says.
Hostilities are on again between Super
intendent Webster and the Board of Ed
ucation. This time the board i3 accused
of meddling with Webster's deputies, and
the consequent disturbance has caused
Indignation to hum around school head
quarters. It is alleged that the board
wants to dismiss tho Superintendent's
deputies, which latter Webster claims
the board has no more right to interfere
with than the School Superintendent has
to dictate how affairs shall be run In the
board's department. Webrter fears t..at
even if the board is foiled in discharging
the deputies they may even matters up
by reducing their salaries.
"If the members of the board should
resort to this means," said Webster yes
terday, "I shall be prepared to check
mate them. Six contests nave aireauy
been waged between the board and my
self, and I do not think that 1 have come
out second best in any of them."
Superintendent Threatens to Check
mate Any Arbitrary Action of
".; : Directors by Withholding
Salary Demands.
Webster Defies the School
Board to Lower Their
Salaries.
WILL NOT HAVE
HIS DEPUTIES
MEDDLED WITH
MANY HORSEMEN ARE TO
ASSIST GRAND MARSHAL
Work of Decorating Market Street Will
Be Begun Next Week— More
Subscriptions.
Several Important Changes in Rules
to Be Adopted — No Joker in
Contract for Supplemen
tary Readers.
The Board of Education reorganized the
substitute list of public school teachers
yesterday and as a consequence some of
the fifteen teachers who were on the list
will be transferred to the unassigned list.
The resolution on the subject recites that
owing to the recent consolidation of
classes and the abolition of certain
schools the present number of substitutes
is far greater than is icquired to conduct
the department properly. All teachers
elected on and after January 12, 1S9S, who
have not been assigned regularly to a
class will now be placed on the day un
a<==i£rned list without pay, to take effect
Sepieml-ier 1, 1900. ' - '; -¦.• "". -
President Mark stated that the date,
January 12, 1898, had been selected as a
ba^ls on which to .reorganize the substi
tute list merely ¦ as an experiment and
that it might be chrmtred should the exi
gencies demand it. The list of day unas
signed teachers, with the dates of their
appointments, is now as follows:
Miss K. G. Sullivan. January 12. 1S3S: Misses
J McDonald, K. Hawkins, January 26, 1S3S:
M. Nolan, M. A. "Wright, K. Stack. E. Cleary
and A. Murphy. February 2.'!, 1S9S; Misses M. A.
Owen. F. Harrington, 15. Millhone. E. Holmes,
M. Liner. I. Hemingway. A. E. Bryant. X. Erb.
A Thomas, K. Kenton. A. G. Griffith and It.
Cassava, July 27. ISIS: Miss E. Crookham.
Mrs I. D. Ostrom. Miss M. McCarthy and
Miss I,. B. Riddell. April 10, 1S!IS; Misses R.
F. Lewis and M. Conroy. September 14, lS9b;
Miss M. F. Mooney, January 26. 1S99.
A number of proposed changes in the
rules of the board were presented, but
their adoption was postponed until to
morrow. Superintendent Webster Informed
the board that notice of any changes In
the rules must be given at a previous
meeting. The chances which will be
adopted follow:
Section loo, which says that all com
plaints or charges against teachers or
other employes of the School Department
shall be in writing and.be filed with tho
board is amended to read "filed with the
president of the board." This change is
in conformity with another rule which
gives the president the right to suspend
a teacher pending investigation.
The first paragraph of section 52, pro
viding that the substitute list shall con
sist of fifteen teachers is suspended tem
porarily pending the reorganization of the
substitute list, to date from August 1,
19-30.
The following clause is stricken out of
section r.2: "The evening substitute list
shall consist of three teachers under pay,
who shall report for uuty nightly. This
is to take effect August 1, 1WJ."
The following is added to section SO:
"Principals must enter in a book the
name of the pupil, the number and the
kind of books furnished him by the de
partment and sec that they are properly
kept and returned to the office of the
principal at the close of the school term
or year. The principals must hold par
ents responsible whose # children misuse
textbooks or books for supplementary
use furnished them by the department.
Miss A. B. Cookson, formerly of tho
Grant Primary School, was assigned to
the Cooper Primary School during the
leave of Miss L. E. Wolf.
Miss M. A. Latham will be continued
as teacher in the Grant Primary School
during the leave of Miss A. B. Campbell.
A leave of absence was granted to Al
bert \V. Lyser of the Lincoln Evening
School for a period of two months from
Augut 23, 1900, to October 23, 1900.
H. E. Harris, special teacher, was
placed on the eligible list of evening
teachers in order that he may substitute
in the drawing departments of the
evening schools.
W. R. Morgan, a teacher of drawing in
the Lincoln Evening School, was tempo
rarily assigned to the head of the drawing
department of the school during the ab
sence of F. Rothgan?cr.
Miss Josie Blum of the eligible list was
elected to a regular class In the Horace
Mann Evening School.
A representative of tho book firm which
has the JGOOO contract for supplementary
readers explained to the satisfaction of
the board that there was no joker in the
contract, as published in an evening pe
per. The discount of 2\i per cent was in
accordance with the terms of its bid,
which was the lowest of those submitted.
The secretary was Instructed to adver
tise for bids In accordance with plans and
specifications in his office for the purpose
of improving the plumbing of the Frank
lin Grammar School and the Buena Vista
Primary School and to make such re
pairs as sanitation may require.
•
Teachers With No Regular
Glasses Put on Unas
signed List.
SCHOOL BOARD
MAKES HEW LIST
OF SUBSTITUTES
MORE APPEALS
FOR EMPLOYES
OF LAUNDRIES
Civic and Labor Organiza
tions Petition Board of
Supervisors.
Property Owners Want Tracks on
Union Street Between Hyde and
Larkin Moved to Center of
Koadway.
The Board of Supervisors received two
urgent appeals yesterday in regard to the
petition now before it that an ordinance
be passeil'making It legal to work laundry
employes from G a. m. to 7'p. m. only. The
two communications were referred to the
License and Order Committee, which has
the proposed ordinance under considera
tion. The first petition is from the civic
section of the California Clubs, and says:
To the Hoard*, of Supervisors: Throush their
experience with workings iris' oluba; thr-jush
the reports of women physicians and through
personal visitation of the" various laundries of
the city. th<> civic section of the California
Olub has long been acquainted vvlth and long
deplored the hard conditions under which this?
particular work is carried on. The unusually
long hours, often with a very fatieuins; position,
the sharp alternation of heat, chill and damp
ness make this occupation one of much sevurity
at best. Many years i\t such work has proven
to have seriously impaired the vigor of the
young women so employed and to have proven
disastrous to their later duties as wives and
mothers.
As an organization, therefore, strongly in
sympathy with working women, the California
Club most respectfully and earnestly prays your
honorable | body to devise some proper means
for the amelioration of those difficult condi
tions. DOROTHEA MOORK. M. P..
Chairman Civic Section.
The Cigarmakers" International Union
No. 22S also submitted a resolution indors
ing the efforts of Labor Commissioner P.
C. Meyer to lay before the board, facts
and data exposing- the actions and exac
tions and impositions from which the
laundry employes are suffering through
the operation of an existing municipal or
dinance, which fixes the maximum period
of labor In laundries at from 7 a. m. to 10
p. m., and in demanding on behalf of 2000
helpless girls and women a material re
duction in the time they may be required
to labor. The resolution says in conclu
sion:
We heartily approve of the timely and oppor
tune action of Organized Labor in calling the
attention of the public to the conditions little
short of slavery or serfdom at present prevail
ing in our local laundries and in championing
the cause of those toilers who need sympathy,
"support and protection.
THE SA^ FEAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1900.
tees
MUNICIPAL MA TTERS
School Superiniendent and
directors Clash,
Appeals for Overworked
cCaundry Smployes*
8
COPPER ?-M!TH.
r W 5M1TH Snl P Plumbing. Steamboat and
V^ IT- O.liiill- Ship AVork a specialty. 16 and
IS "Washington st. Telephone Main 5541.
COAL. COKR AND PI3 1POX
T r WII SflV * f ft so ° Battery Street.
J. W- W I LJUi^l <X CV-. Telephone Main 1S64.
Electrical Engineer, 36 East St.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS,
PWINTRUS. BOOKBINDERS.
THEHICKS-JUDD CO..
22 First St.. San Francisco.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL t^lacS
DIAMOND COAL MIXING CO.. at its GREEV
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best CoaV in the
market. Office and Yarda-HSO Main street. .
; .STATIONED AND FRINTK'f.
Telegraphic PARTSflUfiP 306 California
Codes. IrtBlftlUUli street.
AnVT V"^\d [Or- 3 l>«mat-rrb,i.v
jjS^/if «a 1 to J Sarx Tjrjj W huc-j. a n n - 1 • » •» ' \ : Z
C/tj7 Gti.-ant«a y ciiar«M, or any 'a2c~™Z
*£— BjPrsTeata eoaujlon. ti cn 0 , B, nCo03 j^^
KgBTHEEvm CHEVir ii i Co. branes. Nott-Mtrlnzec;.
>l4*$V V' "¦• •* ? r 8r =' O Dlali' WMppe;-
PHI.Nn.^ I.
F «C RHfiHP\ PRINTER.
t. C- nll«flC5. sn Sansome st.. S. F.
/ PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubrlcatinp Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S. F.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A EL-
LIS. 418 Front st., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
Five hundred reward for any VJiH"iTO
case we cannot cure. This secret >S*9 »¦»?
remedy stops all losses la Si hotiri J : »
cures Emissions. Imnoteocy. Van- tag «P?*
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, F!;s 4»5<i *f*W
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all l*ii' Liji[i
wastlne efffcts of se!r-abusa or !?j£ fcV*^
excesses. Sent sealed. J2 bottle: .1 £L_ife&» 1
bottles, $3: guaranteed to cur» any case Ad-
dress HALL-S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. f£*
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sal* a: 1073',
Market St.. S. F. All prtvata diseases juicily
cured. Send for free book. "
DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works, 137-9 First st.. San Francisco.
LITHOORAPHINO,
Union Lithograph Co.. 325 Sansome St.. Artistic
Lithographers and Printers. Government Li-
censee for Imprinting of Revenue Stamps.
GRAND HOTEL
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth.' 23c. Robinson Chem. Co., 1163 Howard.
0ALVAMZIN3 AND METALS.
Mfg. &. Dealer In Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS, 315 Howard St.
It is universally ackncw>dged that tiese
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury an1
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and auperlnr appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passasewa/ and
operated under one manasement oe tn»
American and European plans.
FRESH AND SALT MR ATS./
TAS ROYFS £ fO Shl PP>n« Butchers. 1M
JA3- DUir.3 tt WU« Clay. Tel. Main 1234.
PALACE HOTEL
G2O Market St.. San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. New York City.
we eay "rupture cured" we mean i;.
for it is a fact that during tho past 20 years
DR. FIERCE'S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing el*»
like It. Best retainer made. It does the work.
Investigate for yourself. (C7"Catl for "Book-
let No. 1," or tend 2 cents in stamps. Ad.
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Halb !
on Application.
D1SDTB8DC OIIOCH
nUnUPX uun£Ui
¦"wNit wh °
oUrrLlt5
or 13 Just beginning to suffer from the weak-
ening effects of self-abuse or over-indulsenr«
and has night emissions or lost power, can ba
permanently cured by our wonderful and never-
falllne method. Write If you cannot call at
the office. Delay Is always dnnKerous. Our
new system of treatment by mail Is something
wonderful. Write for curious and Interesting
book and circular. Sent In plain sealed paek-
atce free. Nothing ever sent C. O. D. tmlosa
particularly ordered. Adilre.'s DR. COOrEfl
& CO.. 31S Kearny St.. S. F.
night. Cupldene cleanses th.-*
liver, the kidneys and the urinary organs of all
Impurities. Cupldene strengthens and restores
small weak organs.
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors
Is because 00 per cent are troubled with Pr*»-
tratltts. Cupidene the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. 5000 testimonials.
A written guarantee given and money re-
turned if 6 boxes do not effect a uermaEenc.
cure. $1.00 a box. fi boxes for $5.00, by mail.
Send for free circular an'l testimonials.
Address r>avol Medicine Co.. *n E1113 nt.. San
Francisco. Cal.. Grant Drug Co., 33 & 40 Thini 3t.
,^,_, famous French physician, will
$¥i#*JPirt*' tjui.kly cur.' you ot all ner-
feiftjjSSsfCgK*? vous or diseases of trie t,-.-n- r i-
Jy£vji2P*M>» tlve organs, Jiirh .is I^ost Man-
(iRifiiV-, r WJ h.xxl. In.-omni.i. 1'i^irm in rh->
*3?» *• WEjJ Bark. Nervous DebUty. Pim-
ii-^irf -»¦>" P' es - Exhausting Dra.:;a. Varl-
\3jlfll cocele and -onstiration. It
\*s— /^*" 8tor« All los^s bv (Jay of
Vitalizer. the prescription of a
MANHOGD RESTORED "SS^SfS;^*
DR. MbYERS&CO.
$£*£ J Men. Est.ib-
BS Largest Ins'.i-
Wtl .yC-^i. » tution, most
KP^kA^!?^*' extensive pne-
l''/^\* ' days 0 to n.
731 Market St.. San Francisco-
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIM OFFICE ..PORTLAND, OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
New York Dental Parlors,
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our l»i»
scientific method applied to the (rums. N»
Bleep-producing agent* or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlor* In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and ingredients to extract, fill and apply gom
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable froTn
natural teeth, and warranted for ten y-ars.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth J5: a perfect fit guaranteed or no par.
Gold crewns. 15. Gold fllllnps. II. Silver I11J-
Imrs lOc All work done by OttADUATE DEN-
TIPTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, an.i
each department In charge of a specialist. Utv»
us a call and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We w'll tell you in advanr<»
exactly what your work will cost .by a FREB
EXAMINATION. ¦ »
No More Dread of the Dental Chair i
cored fcy tibeflO
;iLittle Fills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepda,
Indigestion ar.d Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet remtdy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsf-
ness, Bad Taste la the Mouth, Coated Tcngce
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable, j
Small Pin, Small Dose*
\8ma!1 Prlco»'
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer, 503 CaL.Clunle bd.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
ff3 PtATES fW%%^EXPLORERS "OF THE MIDDLE WEST.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
Discoverers and Explorers of North
America.
It Is Visible From
All Points of the
I Compass and Is a
Gem in a Bright
Setting of Nature's
ipnppri
Ul Guilt '
The Structure Is of
- California Sand
stone of Bluish
• Gran Tint, and
. Rests on a Ter
raced Site.
Claus Spreckels 1 Gift
to the City of San
Francisco Will
Soon Echo to the
Strains of Sweet
est Melodu.
The Finest Structure
of Its KM in the
, Whole World Is
ReadD to Be Turn
ed Over to the
People.
PARK MUSIC PAVILION, MODEL OF CLASSICAL BEAUTY,
STANDS READY FOR DEDICATION ON ADMISSION DAY
DANIEL. BOONE,
mentation or inscription.
The columns of tho colonnades have
Ionic capitals with enriched cornice and
open balustrades on top. Spandrils on
either side of the orchestral arch are filled
with subjects, music as the inspiration,
richly sculptured. Messrs. Reed Bros, are
the architects.
granite, of hard, close-grained texture.
The columns of the main arch have
Corinthian capitals with carved archl
raves above and broad projected cornico
supported on carved medallions with den
til course and bed molding with classical
usage. Above is the balustrade of solid
masonry with provision for future orna-
The material is California sandstone,
bluish gray in tint, resembling Texas
The structure rests on a 12-foot founda
tion of concrete and surmounts the court
by three distinct terraces with an aggre
gate of fifteen steps.
Architecturally the music pavilion con-
EiEts of a main arch and peristyle with a
colonnade at each side. The main arch has
a total height of seventy-two feet with
an interior fifty feet in height and thirty
five feet wide. The orchestra platform has
an extreme width of- forty-five feet and
has space for a hundred musicians. The
colonnades have an extreme height of
thirty-six feet, the height from the floor
being thirty-one feet. Back of the main
arch are rooms for librury, rehearsal and
toilet.
With an augmented band of 100 musi
cians.-which can be easily accommodated
upon the platform of the great central
arch, the volume of music, even of the
most delicate shade, will be readily heard
as far as the crowd extends.
even, possesses a structure of like char
acter — equal to it in beauty or intrinsic
value. From all the heights it is visible.
The new pavilion is located in the valley
where the buildings of the Midwinter Fair
once arose. The great court in front has
been carefully leveled and planted with
hundreds of trees. Seats for 20,000 people
have been provided. Along the ou->»r
boundaries of the court tho ground has
been terraced, allowing paths for pedes
trians, bicycles and driving. Fronting tho
pavilion there is ample space for 75,000
people, tho number that Is expected to be
present on dedication day.
BARK AFGHANISTAN SAILS WITH A VALUABLE CARGO.
.Coins bearing the names of Emperor3
who existed over 2000 years aso are still
in daily circulation in China.
S. . Bernstein, the youth who "flim
flammed" Henry Wolff, manufacturing
jeweler, out of four gold watch cases Sat
urday, had his case dismissed by ¦ Judge
Fritz yesterday. It was shown by Wolff's
admlpslon 'that he knew Bernstein was
to attempt to swindle him. and therefore
it was not obtaining goods by. false pre
tenses. A warrant was 'at once sworn
out for Bernstein's arrest on the charge
of embezzlement, but he nnd loft the pre
cincts of the courtroom, before it could
he served. The cigar men whom he swin
dled are also after him..
Bernstein Escapes. Punishment.
CALTAJSTRO WINDOW AND MIRROR POL
ISHERS. They are easier* to use than read
obout. Dispense with sloppy buckets, soap and
Bpongen for your windows, mirrors and marble3.
You see through glass darkly without Callustro.
No store's stock complete without them. ¦ • -
At Lake Talioe — Bemember Next Sat
urday's Excursion.
The climatic conditions— and, indeed, all
Other conditions— are so exceptionally fa
vorable at Lake Tahoe just now that the
Southern Pacific has decided „ to give the
public the : advantage of another ten
dollar excursion, po tickets will be placed
on sale at the usual place. * 613 Market
street, San Francisco, for next Saturday
night. September 1. •
• Remember this is a popular excursion,
at a popular price, to a popular place and
under very popular auspices. No loss of
time from business, sleeping car expenses
all paid, always in good company, and
think what you f<v. To gp is s quite the
popular : thing. - The rate will never b«>
lowers ,& ¦i'J^- i -,.--?3l3aB8®9*"'"
BEST SEASON
OF THE YEAR
Blame for the collision «f July 2. ISPS.
between the steamship Cinlumbia and the
swhoonT J. Eppinger was placed on the
eteaniEhip in an opinion handed down yes-
Seven Knots Too Fast in a Fog.
consequence everything is as dull as dltch
* "There are six hospitals in Nome and
another is in course of construction.
There are 500 women in Nome and every
one of them is a nurse. The St. Bernard
Hospital is a four-story building and is
fuli of patients. Dr. Grigsby. who went
north an C. D. Lane's family physician,
is building the seventh hospital, and It is
to be a splendid affair.
"Nome is to have a regular water syB
tem. A lake back of Anvil City supplies
the finest water in the woriil and it .s
now being piped to the gold tlelds. Rob
ert Linic Is at the h«ad of the Nome
Water Company and he says that before
the end of August Nome will have a per
fect supply of fresh water. At the pres
ent time everybody is buying water from
C D. Lane's well at ~> cents the bucket.
Captain B. Cocan. who lost the bark
Alatka in the first storm of the season,
is doing fairly well with s the steamer
John Reilly. He ]has cleared up a few
thousands and may come out even. Cap
tain Lew Williams lost everything In the
wreck of the Alaska, but la now making
a stake mining. There are pieces of ma
chinery valued at from ?5 up to thousands
»>ach strewn along the beach from Nome
to Sin Rock, a distance of thirty-eight
miles, and nearly of it is useless. Those
who attempted to dr-idgn the ocean got
pebbles for their pains. They turned their
attention to Snake River and did not Set
a color. The dredger Wisconsin went
three miles up Snake River and is do!:i/
fairly well. Lucky Baldwin is not doing
well He has the fixtures of the old Bald
win bar in his new saloon, but as he is
three miles out of town I guess ho is his
own best customer. He could not get a
location in the heart of the camp for love
or money. Captain Warner is Btill in com
mand of the Fteamer C. T>. Lane and Cap
tain Cook, who came to San Francisco to
take her over, is now port captain at
Nome of the Lane fleet.
German Transport Service.
Horses and supplies for the German
The battleship Iowa was supposed to
have been coaled and ready Tor service
yesterday, but the chances are that it will
be Wednesday morning before f=h<? can
be considered in a condition to go to sea.
Under the old regime the warship would
now be ready for service, but the captain
of the vessel fbw tit to make; a change
in the, matter of coaling, and had the Iowa
been wanted in a hurry she. would he two
days late.
Slow "Work on the Iowa.
A Valuable Cargtj.
The British ship Afghanistan cleared
for Liverpool • direct yesterday with one
of the most valuable cargoes ever taken
from this port in a sailing vessel. Among
It Is 01,290 cases of canned fruit, DM casea
of canned salmon, D45S pounds of bees
wax 404 cases of honey and 100 package-?
of apricot pulp. All in all the various
consignments are valued at over $340,<WO,
which is a pretty erood cargo for a wind
jammer. .
texday by United States District Judge de
Haven. Two actions in libel had been
filed, one by G. W. English and others,
owners of the cargo of the Eppinger. and
the other action by John F. Colstrup ana
others being the owners, master and crew
of the schooner. The court found in favor
of the libelants and referred both cases
to United States Commissioner George E.
Morse to ascertain and report as to the
amount of damages." • ¦
The opinion found that at the time of
the collision, which took place sixty-eight
miles north of San Francisco and seven
miles from shore, the Columbia was trav
eling at a speed of thirteen knots an hour,
and that while going at that rate of speed
tho steamship could not be stopped with
in 1400 feet. A dense fog prevailed and a
vessel rould not be seen more than a few
hundred feet distant. . •. '
Authorities were quoted by Judge de
Haven to show that even seven miles an
hour under similar conditions was not a
moderate rate of speed, especially since
the Columbia was traveling in the track
of coastwise vessels.
J. Daley, the very efficient and popular
chief clerk of the Merchants' Exchange
is back from a vacation spent in Suisun.
Vacaville and Dixon. "Jerry" was missea
by the mercantile community and cap
tains and shippers were -glad to see him
back in harness yesterday.
The transport Belgian King, with a full
cargo of commlsarlat supplies; will get
away for Manila to-day. The FrederTca
with horsoH and the Rosecrans with the
two light batteries will get away next
Thursday. Tho. Westminster goes on the
drydock to-day and afterward will load
supplies for Manila.
T. H. Sellers, who for the last thirteen
years has been with Wright. '-Bonne &
Co., Bruce, Bonne & Co. and Madison,
Bruce & Sellers, is now enjoying a well
earned vacation in the East.
Water Front Notes.
Government will be rushed ffom this
country to China. The transport Samoa
is scheduled to arrive here on September
1, the Alicia on September 15. the Nurn
berg on September 20 and the Bosnia on
September 20. These steamers will be
followed by others, so in all about 1500
horses and 15,000 tons of .supplies will go
from here to China on account of the
German Government.
"The tying up of the Charles D. Lane
rr,:n«-s fc-.g worked a great hardship In the
poMflelds. Hundreds- ot men axe out of
work on that account, and there seems no
nrotpect of relief until next spring. Judge
Jwoyei wig in pt- Michael when we left,
Au*u>t 4, but was expected back every
fiay. and hen the matter was to be ad-
Jufllf-s-.tes. lyindbcrg. who was the original
locator, ha, gon* to Norton Sound. He
too* with him five men and live pack
norfffl and na8 making for a lake som*»
*B*r* In Un inferior. I don't believe the
Ftnrica abotit him ending out a million.
Wnen I left KonM he had $130,000 on de
r-o5=!t with tL« Alaska. Commercial Com
lsr.y. and I < on - t SPe how he could in
crease his Fto :o . Th«»re is no money be
'"K taken out <f the Nome claims, and In
"cfciace* have money to bring them home.
M-,f3 tfcesc axe the men who have Eigned
"•••¦ 'poverty petition" eIx or 6even times
"The whole affair is a gigantic scheme to
rob Uncle Sam." paid Captain Fogel yes
*'r<5ay. "Nearly every man on the beach
bu enough money to bring him home, but
¦9 and sundry are waiting for the advent
Df a relief ship in order to get home wlth
• ;• ccst. Of course, there are quite a
I 'Jir.ber of men who have not a cent. They
ran away from their vessels, leaving their
ray 'ichlnd them. These men axe Btarv
'r.ir. hut all who went north on th»!
PeTeral vessels have arrived here from
ICoSM during the past few day?. Among
' hose- who came back on them none has a
more picturesque tale to tell than Cap
ts'.n E. Fogel. Affairs were at sixes and
#ever.B when he left, but nine out of every
ten men had enough money to take them
lack home. Nevertheless the "poverty
petKion" was being signed by thousands,
many men with tOM) in their pockets sign
ing fix and Feven times under different
names.
Affairs at Goldfields Not as Bad as
Reported aad Nearly Every
body Has Some
Money.
"Poverty'' Petition Circulat
t ing at Nome Said to Be
a Fake.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The novel point as to whether the estate
of a decedent whose inhuman conduct in
life compelled his wife to seek and secure
a divArcc is liable for the payment of ali
mony under a judgment rendered against
the deceased Is soon to be decided by
Judge Bahrs. Mrs. Aleece Van Bergin,
former wife of the late William Van Ber
gin, through her attorney. \V. 'H. L.
Barnes, has petitioned the Superior Court
for an order setting aside in the hands
of a receiver sufficient securities belong
ing ito decedent's estate to assure the per
manent payment to her of $50 a month
during her natural life, the sum named
being in accordance with the alimony
judgment rendered against the deceased
when Mrs. Van Bergin secured her di
vorce.
Mrs. Van Bergin married the late Wil
liam Van Bergin, a son of the late Nich
olas Van Bergin, the wealthy liquor deal
er, on November 29, 1890. Immediately af
ter their maitiage, as she alleged in her
complaint for divorce, he began a course
of brutal treatment. In addition to hu
miliating her before her friends, she
charged him with having beaten her and
on one occasion applied a lighted cigar to
her bare flesh, causing not only a painful
but serious wound. Among the methods
pursued by the deceased to humiliate his
wife was one that was certainly original.
When her friends called he immediately
proceeded to post signs about the room,
each containing . more than a hint that
the presence of the caller was objection
able. These signs read: "For God's sake
pack your trunk and go." "Pack your
trunk and get." "Git out of here." "For
God's sake, go home." The purpose of
the signs was usually accomplished, the
complaint recited.
After her former husband's death Mrs.
Van Bergin applied to John W. Van Ber
pin. administrator of decedent's estate,
which is valued at $60,000. for payment of
her judgment. The administrator refused
to pay the same on the ground that
the death of William Van Bergin tho
judgment ceased to operate. Heirs of the
deceased contest Mrs. Van Berlin's effort
to make the judgment permanent against
the estate. General Barnes argued before
Judge Bahrs yesterday that jiot alone in
common law but und^r the statutes of
this State his client was entitled to judg
ment as prayed. . Judge Bahrs took the
case under advisement.
She Demands Perpetuation
of Alimony Judgment
Against Him.
VAN BERGIN'S
FORMER WIFE
SUES ESTATE
¦ in his province by leading expeditions into
the Shenandoah Valley; that such a feat
was heralded abroad and made much of
brings sharply to our attention the essen
tially conservative and businesslike char
acter of English colonization. By 1750,
however, the English were preparing to
move across the mountains. The "back
country" along the eastern slopes of the
Alleghenies was peopled with a hardy folk
who did not shrink from danger and were
accustomed to privation* In the uplands
of Pennsylvania, Virginia and the Caro
linas lived the western pioneers of that
time. They were in some respects differ
ent from the settlers along the coast;
many of them were Scotch-Irish, a self
reliant, sturdy stock, fit instruments "for
undertaking this wilderness work." well
suited to the task of taking possession of
the interior region, the attractive valley
then almost uninhabited save by the red
men, but claimed in all its length and
breadth by the sovereign of France. They
were fearless men of action who seemed to
court danger and to love peril.
In considering the work of exploration
and discovery In the Middle West It is
well first to remember that almost noth
ing was done by the- English settlers of
the coast until there was the beginning
of what we might call economic demand.
The very first travelers who passed
through the region of Kentucky ana Ten
nessee w«-e. so to speak, blazing the way
for actual settlement. - It Is also well to
notice that the eastern half of the Mis
sissippi Valley is divided into two not un
equal parts by the Ohio. The northern
portion contained French settlements at
an early day, but it received no English
settlers during the colonial period of our
history, the first regular settlement being
made at Marietta in 17SS, the year of the
adoption of the Fed'pral constitution. The
old Northwest, as we now call it, was es
sentially public domain and the pioneer
was more or less effectually protected In
the early days by Federal troops. I do
not mean to suggest that there were not
occasional Indian forays against the set
tlements north of the Ohio, but the coun
try was soon won by armies for the
peaceful occupation of the emisrrants
from the old States. So rapidly was this
region peopled when once the process
was begun that Ohio was ready for ad
mission into the TTnion in 1903, only fif
teen years after Marietta was bounded.
South of the Ohio explorations were made
and little settlements were planted be
fore the outbreak of the revolution.
There were only a few Indians in Ken
tucky and those lived along the banks of
the Mississippi. Kentucky was "the dark
and bloody ground," a belt of territory
lying between the Aigonqulns of the
North and the Cherokees and Creeks of
tho South. This was doubtless some ad
vantage to the whites that first settled
there, but as it was all exploration in the
country south of the Ohio was under
taken In the face of great dancer from
the Indians. Indeed, it Is this fact that
adds the romance and charm to the lives
of the brave men like Boone and Robert
son and Sevier, at once pisneer settlers
and explorers, leading on the van of Eng
lish civilization and driving slowly back
ward the most cruel foe. the most dan
gerous savage enemy that has resisted
the encroachment of the European any
where in the world. One is often at a
loss to account for the brave, untiring
energy with which these, men went on
and on, wtnnins new homen from the
wilderness. Kvery settlement in Ken
tucky and Trnnffsee had its tale of hor
ror, its stnry <>f unspeakable atrocities,
but In Fpite of disinter Hearing was add
rd to clenrinr. blockhouse and palisade
were pus«hr<J farther into the West, little
community - arang Into existence in the
midst of tV ,n*-!y primeval forest. For
over a thiw A a century the vigorous,
rtiRgrd mm were engaged in almost con
tinuul warfare.
By the middle of the eighteenth century,
a? I have i«uid. the people along the
mountain eonttnes of the English colonies
were on the verge of passing over the
barrier. The colonial authorities were
anxious to gain a hold upon this territory
before It was fully garrisoned and de
fended by the French. A few enterprising
men had already begun to look to this
western country as fit ground for coloni
zation. 'Two companies were organized—
the Ohio company .and the Loyal Land
company— having for their object the oc
cupation of the country near the Upper
Ohio and Southwestern Virginia and Ken
tucky. .Dr. Thomas Walker, a Virginian,
was engaged by the Loyal Land Company
"to go to the westward in order to dis
cover a proper place for settlement." He
was the first to make an extensive ex
pedition-through the forest region south
of the Ohio. In March. 1750. he. with five
others, began a difficult and perilous jour
ney, passing over the mountains into Ken
tucky and spending four months in the
laborious task of threading the thick
forests, pushing his way through laurel
Note— This (study by Professor A. C.
McLauchlin of the ITniverslty of Michi
gan will be concluded on Tuesday next. -
Soon after this Boone himself, with
twenty-seven of his nu-n, was captured.
He was taken to the old Indian town of
Chillicothe. Ohio, and held there in cap
tivity. Brave, patient, tactful, uncom
plaining, he wen the attachment of the
red me,n. who finally adopted him into
their tribe. At length he escaneu. start
ed straight through the untracked forest
for Boonesborougn. 1Z0 miles away, and
reached his home In four days, durlnj
which he ate only one meal.
Two years later Boone sold his farm In
North Carolina and with his family and
a band of forty men started once mow
for the West. His love of nature and his
zeal for adventure were too strong to suf
fer him to remain in comparative ease in
North Carolina. All went well for a time
but on entering the Cumberland Moun
tains they were attacked by Indians, wh;»
killed six of the white men. among them
Boone's eld-est son. This defeat discour
aged the emigrants and they returned to
the Clinch River, some forty miles from
the place of disaster. But disaster ha.l
no effect upon the intrepid Bonne, who
in a short time led a company of curvey
ors over the mountains down to tne falia
of the Ohio. His next undertaking was,
with the aid of thirty men. to mark out
and clear a trail for packhorses from tne
eastern settlements to the Kentucky
River. The work was dene at the sug
gestion of persons who had purchas»-tl
land of the Indians in the new country.
This bridle-path waa the beginning of Cba
famous "wilderness road." over which In
the coming years immigration flowed int.*
the western country. It remains to-day a
striking testimony of Boone's remarkable
instinct for direction and skill Jn wood
craft. This also was a dangerous task.
in the accomplishment of which several
of Boone's companions were killed. A fort
was built at a plarp afterward known as
Boonesborough and Boone. with Incredible
resolution, returned to the settlements tr»
lead bark his family in the lonely ex
posed clearing in tha great dreary wil
derness of the interior. A small company
of men and three women besides hU
wife were in the party. Other settlor.*
Foon came, cabins were built, blockhouse*
and palisades were ertcted and the bravo
little band prepared to hold Kentucky
against the red men. No words can exag
gerate the difficulty and the dangers of
the task. The savages, who were now In
league with the British and bitterly hos
tile to the American intruder, attacked
them in numbers or prowled about an^
shot men at their work, or fell upon them
¦when hunting, or carried off captive any
one who wandered too far from tho
stockade. Boone's daughter and two
other girls were captured by the Indians.
such pedantic and stilted language.
Through the whole of that summer and
the next autumn the tireless adventurer
wandered through the Kentucky forests,
shooting the deer, the bear, the elk and
the bison and other game with which the
country abounded. In December their
troubles began. Boone and one of his
companions were taken prisoners by the
Indians. Within a few days they escaped,
but on their return to their old camp they
found It abandoned by their friends. They
were then joined by two other huntery,
one of them Squire Boone, who had come
on the long journey to find his brother
and had succeeded In doing so in some
mysterious way known only to those who
have within them instinctive knowledge
of nature and know the secret3 of tho
forest. Again the party was attacked by
the Indians. The brothers .escaped, but
on« of their companions was shot and
killed, "the first of the thousands of hu
man beings with whose lifeblood Ken
tucky was bought." Their remaining
companion now went back to North Caro
lina, and the- two brothers spent the win
ter together in the wilderness. In May it
was decided that Squire should return
through the trackless woods to the Yad
kin settlements, hundreds of miles away,
for supplies. Daniel was left for four
months all alone in the dreary forest,
without bread, salt or sugar, and with
only his own trusty rifle for a com
panion. "I confess," he saj-3. "I
never before was under greater neces
sity of exercising philosophy and forti
tude." During a large portion of the time
he was in danger from the Indians. In
the middle of the summer his brother re
turned. Fearing that the savages would
discover them, they went over into tho
valley of the Cumberland, and in the
spring of 1771 returned home. Boone had
spent two years In the wilderness, nn
small part of the time alone and over
half of the time accompanied only by hl.i
brother.
poses that it may be In readiness for the
Fplendid function of September 9, when,
with appropriate ceremony, the new mu
sic pavilion is to be dedicated to- the
use of the people and formally handed
over lo the custody of the park authori
ties.
No city in the United States, or Europe.
THE past week ¦witnessed the comple
tion of the music pavilion at Golden
Gatp Park, iho {rift of Clau? Spreck
ois=. The debris remaining has been
r«rted away. Tho work at palljshin/? the
exterior taa'pefti put forward and now
The pardoners are forcing the bed of*liv
ing green upon which the structure re-
¦
. - - . •
THE SAN ..-FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1900.
By the middle of the eighteenth century
the French had made extensive explora
tions . Into the Interior of the continent.
For a hundred years and more the pio
neers of New France— adventurers, sol
diers, restless fur traders, brave and pa
tient priests— had been making their way
through the Mississippi Valley. As early
as 1634 Nicollet was in Wisconsin and 111!-*
nois. Boon after this Marquette taught his
faith to tho Indians at the Falls of St.
Mary, and passed on even to the' farther
end of Lake Superior. In 1573 Joliet and
Marquette paddled their birchen canoes
up the Fox River and by way of the "Wis
consin came out on the broad bosom of
the Mississippi. In 16S2 La Salle, the great
est traveler and most adventurous spir
it of them all, floated down the Mississippi
to its mouth and took formal possession
of the great valley in the name of the
grand monarch of France. Before 17. r 0
daring explorers had traversed the north
ern plains and had entered the foothills
of the Rocky Mountains. Various settle
ments were made at convenient points —
Detroit. St. Louis and New Orleans were
founded. Basing his claims on . explora
tion and settlement, the King of France
claimed the heart of the continent.
The Kngllshmen In building up strong
and self-reliant colonies along the Atlantic
coast had done nothing In the way of ex
ploring the vast interior wilderness. Early
in the eighteenth century Governor Spots
wood of Virginia had caused no little stir
thickets or following Indian trails or tho
well-beaten roads made by the buffalo.
The most famous of all the early
pioneers of the great West was r>anlel
Boone, "the first hunter of Kentucky."
Standing out against the dreary back
ground of thjB wilderness we see In this
rugged pioneer a man of rare sweetness
of character, an Indian slayer who 'was
neither cruel nor revengeful; a bold, fear
less, intrepid fouI who was yet gentle,
kind and thoughtful. He was a tall man.
sinewy and strong, a sure shot, learned
in the lore of the forests and rejoicing
In dangers and hardships that would have
broken a less vigorous constitution. He
had the typical temperament of the West
ern backwoodsman. He wan self-reliant,
patient, simple, resolute and gifted with
unlimited powers of endurance. He moved
out into the Kentucky forests in obedi
ence to an inner impulse, a restless crav
inp for adventure which seems almost out
of keeping with his quiet, self-restrained
nature. He was born in Pennsylvania,
but spent his boyhood on tho banks of tlip
Yadkln. in North Carolina. At an early
date he passed ovf-r the mountains to
hunt. There is still standing in Kastern
Tennessee, near Booncs Creek, an old
beech tree on which can be read the fol
lowing inscription: "P. Boon cllled a bar
on tree In the year 1760."
In 1763 with four companions he made a
long expedition into the west. "X re
signed my domestic happiness for a time, '
he said. 'Jand left my family and peace
able habitation on the Yadkln River In
North Carolina to wander through th*»
wilderness of America in quest of tho
country of Kentucky." Such are th(*
words attributed to him by Filson. th*»
first historian of Kentucky: but we may
be sure that the simple Boone used no
9
J3H4.PE-NUTS.
Delicious Dishes I
made from |
j Grape=Nj4ts
\ \ Food
i Entrees, Puddings, \
~fj 5aladf, Pancakes. &c. J
« - Please and feed your \
n i household ?>TUESDAY. AUGUST 28.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the safne at both places.
* ; ¦ -*
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published hy official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
4s quar coup.. 115 115 .
4s do reg lir> m 1
4s do cp new.. 134 135 ]
4s quar coup.. — — j
Miscellam-ous—
Cal-st Cab 5S.116H —
C C Water 5s.lC6Ti —
Ed L & l*,6s.l2i'A —
F & Cl Ry 63.115 —
Geary-st K Bs. — 99
H C & S 5Vis. — —
Do Ss — 104
L A Ry ES....107U —
x^ A . Lt <--o 63 — —
Do gntd 6s.. — —
L A gntd 5-. .100 "v.14
L A P R R 3s. — 101
..laiiirt-at tjM..127Hl»«
Do 1st M 53.119 120
N «.: N G R 7s — - —
X It of Cal Ca.H1 _
Do Cs 113 —
N I'i'ltK Us. mi —
Do 5s 10C*i —
N Cai Hy S« . — lll'S
Oak G L & H.111 —
Oak Tran.6s...ll7VillS
i Oak iv" C'lrnli.* - "•
Oceanic S Co.. 107 108
Om c Ry 6s... m —
I> & Cl Ry 63.104 —
P & O R H Cs.115 —
Powell-stR 6s. 120 —
Rac El O*R."s. P^i —
B F &. S.TV 5S.113 —
b It of >Jal oj>. tiiVilll^i
S P *«r A fi«...lllV.. —
BPC6.1 (1903)
(Series A) .. — 110%
Do (Series B) — —
BPC63 (1906). 112 —
Do (1912) .... — 12l»-i
? I'KtMst gtnas — —
S P Br G« — 114
S V Water 6s.ll3 115?J
. Do 4s- N)2?iioa.
Do 3d mtg...lO2 —
Stocktn Gas fis 93'^ —
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. C3 63
.Ni.it -in County. SHS —
Spring Valley. 95 931J
, Uas i Electric —
Cent G & L Co - -
Equit G L Co. 3ii 3W
Mutual El Co. 10 11
O G l.-NC- H.... *.u A.*
Pac Gas Imp.. 50^ 51
Pac L Co — 45
S F G & E.... 53U 5C%
San i-'runcisco. o Jri
Stkn G & E Co U — '
Insurance—
FIrem's Fund.227 — -
Bank Stocks—
;.Vnglo-Cal Ltd. 6SV4
Bank of Cal... — _
Cat S D <fc T..103 —
First Natlonl.275 —
Lon P & A I3l5i —
Merchants' Ex 13 '—
Nev Nat Bk.. —
BarinBH Bank-—
Ger S & L..1S30 1923
hum fc» & l... _ _
Mut Kav Bk.. 45 —
S.Ii* Sav U... 307
Sav & L So.... 74 78
Sec Sav Hk.... — _»
Union T Co.... — —
Street Railroads-
California ....123
i^eary-st 50
Market-st „.. Wi —
<J H L &. II.... _ 45
Presidio _ 22H
Powder Stocks—
rnllforfia . ..irj; i«?V4
Giant Con Co.'84'J S3
Vigorlt a 3 t;
Su^ar .Stocks—
,[tlana S P Co. IK %
Honokaa- S Co. 23U 30
Hutch S P Co. 21 —
Lilauea SP Co 204 21%
Makawoll S Co 43!i 4114
, Onoroea S Co. 27M, 2s
Paauhau S Co. 20%
M>-i-» . laneoti.--
Al Pack Assn.llSHU9ii
Cil Fruit Assn 96& — '
M«-r; Rx \j.-r>. •! im
Oceanic 8 Co. .93?i 93
,.Pao A F A z —
Pac C Bor Co. 150- 152*4
,Par Paint Co. 12H — '
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water 69 00
GO Honokaa : 29 75
10 Hutchinson S P Co ...24 00
. . . MONDAY.-. Ausr. 27—2 p. tn.
BlU.Ask. . Utd.Ask
US Bonds- Cent L & P Co 4 5
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
#— •*
Local stocks and bonds were extremely dull
on the morning session of the Bond Exchange,
and quotations remained undisturbed.
The oil stocks were motionless.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric sold down
to $53.
The directors of the Bank of British North
America have declared, subject to audit, an
interim dividend of 3 per cent for the six
months ending June 30, carrying forward about
£9S00.
California Fruit Sales.
¦Wheat— Aug. Now -Feb.
Opening 20 20 21 40
Closing 20 20 2140
Flour-
Opening 26 00 27 65
Closing 26 00 27 65
LIVERPOOL.
¦Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 UU 6 Hi
Closing -6 6 2
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was nrm; creamer}-, 16f?21c; dairies, 14g>
l?c. Cheese, firm, 10-4<SUVtc. Eggs, firm, fresh,
13%®14c
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left;
hand column and the successive tides of the ;
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and . the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast -, Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—) precedes the height.
TACOMA — Arrived Aug 27— fchr Sahom««.
from St Michael: ship I>a5hing Wave, from
Caj>e Ncme.
Sailed Auc 27— Bark Big Bonanza, for Atie
laiJe.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Auff 20— Stir.r New
bar", for Baa Francisco.
CCOS BAY— Arrived Aur 2.V-Sehr Volunteer,
hence Aus 13. Aug "B-?trar Arcata. henca
August 23.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug- 26— Ptmr South Port
land from Xome: sehr Challenger, hence Aug
3 Aug 27— iitmr Humholdt. from Skasruav.
Sailed Aug 26— Stmr IMrigo. for Skasuav:
itmr Itoancke. for Nome; stmr Mackinaw, fjr
San Francisco. _.
NEAH FAY-Fajsed In Auff :»-SMp CW
Parpent, frcm Honolulu, for Tacoma; KM «»»
W» J^
attic, for San Francisco: CBU barlt A -sr-" a.
from Port Blakeley. for Valrara^o sh... M P
Grace, from Port Hadlock. for l>. stmr
Klntuck. from tot is -' 1D 7-..,,. „ #„_
Passed Aup ""rton Chlle^WWW
Honolulu, fcr Port Town«r..l to V I *rl.n. KM
4 C r cJp a r^meVoer^° k MJ«e. from
V E n VREK r Ais;neTAuc Em 5 ire. for
StoR2dW»2«^r Pomona. Imgl W.
BOWEXS "LCXDINC-Arrlved Aug 27-dchr
r-Ger .hip Robert
Herman, for
San Franciaco^^^^ p0RT •
BALTIMORF^SatleJ Au S Pactola*^
for San *™g££& rO R T9 .
CALLAO-Arrived Aug 2*-Schr Xovelty. fa
SSffiSSS^IUwi An« 26. at 3 p m-Stmr
25-Stmr City of
f °PORT Au S 2S~Br .tmr Cla
henc^^rctT^Aus »V-Oer ship H F Olade.
b HcTNGkoNG-Arrived Aug 23-Br «mr Brae-
A ?AATvL h E nC #oiNT-Pa SS «l Au<C JV-Br sM*
A K } IQUK-In m^ t Juf y fO 2l--E7-8^ H^ton.
P BE-i5SST^« 2t-G- » h * Ale3 ' a ' ft "
Aug 2^Br ship Po
mSioS for Hull; Er >h!p &amaritr> a . for Uver-
PO ° 1 ' OCE\N* STEAMERS, 1
BUEMEX-Arrircd Aus ZT-Stn^ Barbarossa.
N NKW Ol ?6RK-Arrlved Aug S-ltmr Manltou^
'•a^I^TauW 2T-Stmr S-thwi* from A n »
wcrp; stmr Grosser Kurfurst. fr-m Bremen atu*
Southampton; stmr Georglc . fron Liverpool.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug 2fr-itnsr Erazlltan.
from Montreal. ! _ _.__
TOKOH AM A— Arrived prior tj Aus n— Stmr
America Maru. from Saa Francfaco. via Hono
lulu, for Hongkong 1 . 1 -
LIVERPOOL. Aug 27— Surveyors of Br ship
Mistley Hail, rrevlously report?-! at Monta
video, have MCet&Cd abamior.mer.t.
TKLEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 27. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wlnJ SW. velocity Y2 mllea.
DOMESTIC I'OItTS.
Aug 15. lat 47 N. l"n 11 W— Fr bark Cassani
from Antwerp, for Oresun.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Aioesvcrt
Stmr Santa Rcaa. Alexander. 61 hours from
San Dle^o.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Whitesbcro, Olsen. 22 hours from
N€>erlle Rock.
Ptrr.r Crace Dollar. Fcsen. 2S hours from F.u
reka; bound south: put in to land passt-nsers,
Schr Monterey. Beck, 52 hour3 from Cres
cent citr- „
Schr Free Trade. Jonasen. 7 days from Coos
Bay. . _,
Schr Ida McKay, Lehtola, S days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Ocean Spray, Larsen, 13 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr R!o Rey, Johnson, » Uowrs from F.sh
Rock.
Schr C T HU1. Llndahl. m days from Kodlak.
CLEARED.
Monday, August 27.
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson, San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Minecla. t'avld. Nar.aimo; P I Co.
Br stmr Belgian King. Weiss, Manila, via
Honolulu: V S Government.
Nor stmr Thyra, Edvardsen. Portland; Cal &
OSS Co. , ,
Schr Mary and Ida, Ipsen, Lnga; Alaska
Codfish Co.
SAILED.
Monday. August 17.
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolsor^ San Pedro.
Stmr Point Arena, Hanson. Mendocino.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Guthrio. .
Stmr Mineola. David. Nanalmo.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, .
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. Greenwood.
Nor stmr Thyra. Eilvardsen. Portland.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Chemainua.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. Bowens LdntV-
S'hr Vol.i nt. Carter. San Dleso.
Sofcr Ralrh J Long. Is'.?ke!t, .
SPOKEN.
ARRrVED.
Monday, August 27.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrle. i hours from
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14.000 14. (Kir)
Wheat, bushels S43.COO 230.000
Corn, buehels 1R6.0CO 276,000
Oats bushels 514,000 219.000
Bye, bushels 7.C00 . 1,000
Barley, bushels 14,000 . 59.00*)
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, un
changed; No. 3 Spring Wheat, 73^0; No. 2 P*ed,
7C l 376V-c; No. 2 Corn, 40c; No. 2 Yellow, 40',;^
4<Hic: No. 2 Oats. 22Vic; No. 2 White, 24.%©25\4c;
No 3 White, 234©24%c; Rye. Sic; good feeding
Barley 37'ic; fair to choice malting. 42, < T4r>c;
No. 1 Flax Seed. $1 42: No. 1 Northwestern.
$1 42; prime Timothy Seed, 14 15©4 25; Mess
Pork, jer bbl, $10 <Kti£ll; Lard, per 100 lbs, $6 70
«T<\ 7iV>- Short Ribs side? (loose). Sti 9<V37 25: Dry
Salted" Shoulders (boxed), 6%'si6 : X.c; Short Clear
Sides (boxed), $7 50t?7 60; Whisky, basis of High
Wines, $1 244; Clover, contract grade, JD 755710.
Shipping Intelligence.
Notice is hereby given that pending repairs
to the machinery, the fegbell at Trinidad Head
Light Station. California, will not be sounded
during thick or fosgy 'weather until turther
This* notice affects the List of Lights and Fo-
Signals, Pacific Coast. 1300, page 18, No. 50.
and the Ll?t of Beacons and Buoys, PacUlo
Coast. 1SC0. rage 32.
By order of the Lighthouse Foard.
U, PEBREE. Commander V. S. X.
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
TrinMad Head FogbeH. California.
v^ptice io (Manners,
CHICAGO. Aug. 27.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Pears— Bartietts,
$1 7O®2 45 per box. 90c@$l 30 per half box; B.
Hardys. $1 40<gl 60 per box. Peaches— Lato
Crawfords. 95c@U 15 per box; Salways, $1 15;
Susquohanna, 90c per box. Prunes— Hungarian,
73c(ft$l 35 per single crate; Sliver, S5c. Plums—
Kcl«ey 50c(g$l 20 per single crate; Yellow Kgg,
iOc Nectarines— $1 r.^l 25 per single crate.
Grapes— Tokays. $150(32 30 per single crate;
XEw'tORK, Aug. 27.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Pears— Bartietts.
Jl 15S1 95 per box and 8Oc4f$l 20 per half box:
B Hardys $1100120 per box; S. Seckles. 8&tf
95c per half box. Prunes— Italian. 60c per single
crate: Gros, 75c® $1 25. Grapes— Tokays, $1 4MJ
2 75 per single crate; Muscat, $2 15; assorted,
$ 1 SOf 2 15. Peaches— Late Crawfords, $1 40 per
box; Heath Cling, $3 15. Plums— Kelsey Japan
VFw'tORK, Aug. 27.— Earl Fruit Company
gales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokays, $1 20
to $1 85 single crates; Cornlchon, $1 25 to Jl 30;
Muscats %l to $1 10. Pears— Bartietts, $1 20 to
$' 40 box. Peaches— Susquehanna, 65c to U 45,
box-' Orange Cling, 55c to Jl 05; Late Crawfords,
35c to $1 10. Plums— Kelsey Japans,- 43c to $1 15,
single crates. Prunes— Hungarians, 80c to $1 15,
single crates; Gros, 50c to $2 40; Silver, 55c to
E5c; Fallenberg, 60c to 70c. Seventeen cars fruit
sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartietts, $1 65
to $2 45, boxes; Beurre Hardy, $160 to $160;
Howell $1 80 to $1 85. Peaches— Late Crawfords,
70c to 'DOc. boxes. Plums— Kelsey JaDans, 50c
to COc single crates; Grand Dukes, Kk: to 93c.
Prunes— Gros, COc to 85c, single crateB; Ger
manb, 60c to $1 05. Thirteen cars sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts, 21,
100; Including E000 Westerns and .700 Texanj;
good to choice grades, stronger; common to
fair, weak to a shade lower; butchers' stock
firm; Western and Texans, steady, to strong.
Natives— Best on sale to-day, two ,tarloads at
$6 10; good tr> prime steers, $5 45^6 10; ¦ poor to
medium, $4 60@5 40; selected feeders, firm, $4^
4 75; mixed stockers, steady, $3 35SJ3 00; cows,
$2 75^4 CO; heifers, J3@5; canners, %2<g.2 65; bulls,
$2 75«?4 CO; calves, $5@8 75. Texans— Receipts.
700; best en sale to-day, two carloads at $3 55;
Texas fed steers, $4 ISfg'S: Texas grass steers,
$3 2. r >«4 10; Texas bulls, $2 50«?3 40.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 48,000; to-morrow.
19,000 estimated; left over. 6000: 10c to 13c
lower; top, $5 45; mixed and butchers, $4 90®
& 40- good to choice heavy. $505 35; rough
heavy, $4 S0@4 93; light. $3 10@5 45; bulk of
sales. $3 10«r. 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000; sheep and lambs,
active; 10c to 15c higher; good to choice weth
ers $3 6063 £5; fair to choice mixed. $3 35f73 60;
Western sheep, $3 40^3 75; Texas sheep, $3 50(6)
3 G3- native Iambs, S4f(3 CO; Western lambs,
$4 75®5 60.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW- YORK, Aug. 27.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, August 23. as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is- as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
"Wheat .. 49.&66.000 205,000
Corn 7,430.000 1,672,000
Oats •• 8.06S.000 1,044.000
Rye 734.000 53.000
Barley 517,000 12S.000
Nezv' York Metal Market.
NEW TORK, Aug. 27.— A generally weak un
dertone prevailed In the metal market to-day.
Iron and 6teol ruled dull and weak; . with pig
iron •warrants 50. points lower at.- $10 CO,*. 011
account ofvthe depressed Southern iron mar
kets, where No. 4 foundry and gray forge sold
at $10 for warrants. Copper " In London waa
quiet and about unchanged. Locally -the, mar
ket was quiet at $18 624. Tin was weak and
somewhat lower In sympathy with a decline
of £2 abroad. The close was weak and tend
ing downward- at 130 374^30 50. The American
Smelting and Refining Company advanced the
price of lead W to J4 374. the market, however,
continuing dull. Spelter ruled easy, owing to
.¦¦¦•¦-.. ¦ -
• Choice Pears and Freestone Peaches are firm
on canning account, with moderate- stocks.
Small ripe - Pears ¦ and Inferior Peaches are
plentiful. Supplies of Plums are not as large
as heretofore.' KIgs are' now abundant and
slow of sale.
Grapes are weak find in good supply. Melons
range about the same.. ;¦-• •
. Limes are scarce and firm at the quotation.
Berries are . generally firm.
DECUJL-oUb KKU1TS- . .-
APPLES— 25@50c per box for. common . and
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
liUT'IKK— ¦
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 234024c; extra
marks higher; seconds, 224®23c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22C224C; good to choice, 20@
214c; common. 154V 18c.
Creamery tub— 20iir224c per lb.
Pickled roll— 13@20c.
Firkin— 18@19c. .¦-;-"
CHEESE— New. 9@9Hc; fancy. 10c; old 8384c,
Young America, 10@104c; Eastern, l34@14c;
Western, lC4?12c per lb.
EGGS— -Quoted at 18©20c for store and 23®2Cc
per dozen for ranch ; Eastern, lG@19c.
chance in Cheese.
. Eggs are as- previously quoted, the demand
about balancing the supply at the moment.
Recelots of Hay were excessive again, ex
cecdlnc 1S00 tons. The market was weak and
very dull. Feadstuffs remained without change.
BRAN— $12012 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16(1/13 per ton.
FEKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, J16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. *26@27; jobbing,
127 50-32*; Cocoanut Cake. ?20@21; Corn Meal,
J26 50: Cracked Corn, $27: Mixed Feed. J13 50t? 14.
HAY— Volunteer. 54 50©7; Wheat, $10^12;
Wheat and Oat. $9 50@ll 60; Oat, Sfc@10; Clover.
*4f<6; Alfalfa, $6&7 50; Barley. $6 50@S 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 30S374C per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans show no further change, and seeds are
dull.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50^2 75; Small White. $3 75
4: laree White, $3 10«3 25; Pink, $2 25(g2 75; j
Red. 13 2",«3 60? Blackeye. $3 50; Lima. $5 15O
5 25; Pea, $3 50<83"70: Red Kidneys, $3 2£©3 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax. $2(y2 20; Canary. 34c per
Ib for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2y.@3c; Hemp, 4fo44c; Tim
othy. 4644c. I'iri:
DRIED PEAS— Niles, nominal; Green, $2 25@
2 50 per ctl; Blackeye, $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There is no change worthy of note In any
thing, the market being well supplied.
POTATOES — Garnet Chllee. oOc; New Early
Rose. 2oia30c r Burba nks. 4O'Q'".".c for R»ver« nnrt
S5c©Jl per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 73c@$l for
River and $1 60 for Merced.
• ONIONS— Yellow. Wi&Gjc per ctl; pickle
Onions. SOfTTSc.
VKGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c<?T$l per sack.
75c@$l per crate for Berkeley and $1 25@1 60 for
Alameda; Green Peas. 24@3c per lb; String
Beans, 2(ft3c; Llmas, 3©4c: Cabbage. 40^50c:
Tomatoes." River, 20® 40c; Bay, 2o®'40c; Egg
Plant 50^75c per box; Green Okra, Sofaovc;
Green Peppers. 35@50c per box for Chill and 40
4?fi0c for Hell; Dried Peppers. Sfll'Mv Carrot.".. 25
if33c per sack; Summer Squash, 35@50c for Ala
meda: Cucumbers, 20<S30c for Alameda: Pickles,
$l(fjl 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50®75c for No. 2;-l
Garlic, 2Vi<g3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20
per ton. •
Poultry and Game.
Poultry was nominal, as usual on Monday.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lOGllc for Gob
blers and 10<f?llc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 23
®1 50; Goslings, *1 '50@l 73; Ducks. $3@4 for old
and $2'g4 for young; Hens, $l@5 50; Young
Roosters, M 50^5 50; Old Roosters. $4 {$4 50;
Fryers, $3 50®4; Broilers. $3@3 50 for large and
$2®2 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 50®l 75 per dozen
for olil and $1 r.Cj?1 75 for Souabs.
GAME— Doves, fiOc per dozen; Cottontail Rab
bits, U 25'Sl 50; Brush Rabbits, 73c!j$l; Hare,
U 2:.@1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Anticipations of free supplies of Butter from
the north during the next two or three days,
coupled with free spot stocks keep the mar
ket weak, though fancy creameries are still
bringing over the quotations. . There Is no
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Oregon and Washington, J2 75®3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15®3 50 for. bakers' ; Eastern.
$4 75S5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 7o; Rye
Meal. J2 GO; Rice Flour. 17: Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. J4 50; Hom
iny ?3 C0fS3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4(54 25;
Cracked Wheat, !3 50: Farina, J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), J6
®7 25; In sacks. $5 7n@7; Pearl Barley. Jo;
Sp'.lt Peas, $5; Green Peas, J5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 CO®
3 75, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 60;
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 200;)
ctls, 754.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Dealers report a quiet and steady
AVhlte— $1 15«rl 35; Surprise, SI 3501 40; Red.
£1 10@l 25; Gray, $1 12V.ffl.20; Black, for feed.
?1 10m 15:' for seed, SI 15W1 224 P«*r ctl.
CORN— Eastern, $1 22H; California Large Yel
low! $1 20ffl 224 per ctl"; White. $1 30®l 224:
Small Round Yellow, $1 20ffil 224-
RYE— S7V>@90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
CALL DOARD SALES.
Informal Session— December— 2000 ctla, 77c.
liARLEY— Conditions remain unchanced and
the market is featureless.
Feed, 75c for No. 1 and 6740724 for oft
grades: Brewing and shipping grades, 774@S5c;
Chevalier, nonlinal.
Informal Sesslon-9:15 o'clock— December—
14 000 ctls, $110; 4000, $1 10H: 4000, $110tf:
20.000. *H0%; May— 2000. $1 15U. .,,.,,
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 10<4:
2000. $1 10ft; 2000, $1 10; May— 1000, $1 154; 6000,
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls.
CALL HOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were steady,
but featureless. New York was a shade lower.
Chicaco was dull. There was a fair local
demand, and somo foreign bidding. Good rainn
were reported in Arkansas and more rain In
the Northwest, where increasing complaints of
damage were reported. The visible supply
increased 205,000 bushels, and the amount on
passage decreased 500,000 bushels.
The local market opened rather higher, but
e Spof °Wheat— Shipping, $1 03: Milling, $1 07V4
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Kxchange, €0 days — $4 S5
Stirling Exchange, sight — 4 884
Sterling Cables — 4 s^
New York Exchange, sight — i\is
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, Der ounce — 614
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4»
TO SAIL.
weatfcer over the greater portion of the Pa
cific S]"pe.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per
hoar tram the southeast is rei-orted at Indi
jx"n<l^nce.
ror«^ca?t irede at Pan FranciEco f^r thirty
hours enrtirs mi.ir.ijrht, August £«. 19t"0.
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
vcather Tuesday, continued cooler weather in
the interior; brisk westerly uir.ds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
westerly winds.
Neva.la — Cloudy Tuesday, light rain in north
ern portion; corier.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday; cooler Tuesday night.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
tan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday,
fresh westerly (rtada in the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The rre*sure *"- as fallen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope. Over East
ern Washington and Eastern Oregon there has
been a fall of nearly two-tenths of an Inch ;
in prefisure during the past twenty-four hours. |
Ooudy weather prevails over Northern Call- j
fomia and northward to the Canadian bound-
Th* temperature has fallen over the interior
cf California. In the Sacramento Valley there
has teen a fall of nearly 10 degrees.
Conditions are unfavorable for settled fair |
Weather Report.
(ITOth Meridian— Pacific Tlme.>
BASS FRANCISCO. Aug. C7. Sp.lt.
The following- maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
nureka C6 Red Bluff SS
Mount TsmaJpaJs C« Sacramento 84
Independence 92 Pan Luis Obispo »4
Tresno S3 San Diego «'O
bra Anpele* 801
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
6C; minimum. E3; mean. 6ft.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The A. AV.en l^afis railroad ties and merchan
dise for llar.rar.tllo; the Cambrian Hills, wheat
for Europe : option of Cape Town or Algoa Bay;
the Hawaiian Isles, lumber at Chemalr.us for
Melbourne, £2s (A: the Low Wood, lumber on
Jnjgret Sound fcr Delasoa Bay, 70s. chartered
In England; the St. David, lumber rrom Puget
Bound to Cape Town, 70s, option of Delagoa
Bay, 71s 3d, chartered in England: the Strath
den, wheat for Kurope. sr.s. All of above were
chartered jirior to arrival.
Charters.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Aug. 27.— There was some dis
position to sell stocks to-day and the market
showed a settling tendency throughout. Sugar
absorbed close to one-fourth of the day's total
dealings and its marked weakness doubtless j
hud some £yrr.j>athetic effect on the rest of the j
list. Ser.timent was affected also by the ap- i
jarer.t ala.r.docmer.t of any pool operations for I
a rise. Usless the weakness of sugar might
l« called such, there vr&s no urgency in the j
liquidation, but there was an absence of buy- j
Irjf demand. The weakness of sugar found
no explanation i" any news announcement of
the day. TT.e approach of a Quarterly dividend ¦
reriod gives opportunity for usual manipula
tion of the «ock and the room traders Jubi
lantly trail onto any movement in the specula
tion which premises an appreciable movement
ff prices. The stock got down to within 4 of
21S and closed only a. fraction above that on
the demand from the room shorts. Pressure
acair.st People's Ga.<= and Brooklyn Transit
Br-emf^d to I* coupled with the movement
against sugar in the early dealings and later
American Tobacco was forced down, but these
Ftooks exp*-ct the last showed a tendency to
recover, Brooklyn Transit rising above Satur
day's levcL Losses ?•xtended to a point or over I
liere and th^re la other s-tocks and New Jersey
Central fell 2'-«. London discounts hardened
to-dry, and while money conditions in Berlin
are for the moment easier, ex;^rt authorities
affirm that very heavy obligations will have to
l*» met in that market during the coming
month ar.d la-ter. Available funds In New
York continue apparently abundant, but the
*P8i=on for the Interior movement of currency
Is fast approaching.
The bond market was dull and reactionary.
Total sales, par value. 1770.000.
United States new 4s advanced 14 per cent
In the bid price.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closins
SoJd. Eto<-ks— Bid.
2 SSO Atch'.son • 27
« 2T'O Atchison prefd fi?4
S 550 Baltimore & Ohio 71V 4
Canadian Pacific S3
100 Canadian Southern 43
4<K> rhf-sapeake & Ohio 2C*i
Chlcaco Grtat Western 10* 4
C 415 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 124'a
Chicago. Indiana & Louisville 21
Chicago. Indiana & Louisville prefd 51
Chicago i Eastern Illinois 94%
100 Chicago & Northwestern 1614
3 4S0 Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific. 105>4
C C C & St Louis BS^i
m Colorado Southern 6
....... Colorado Southern 1st prefd 414
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
1C3 Delaware & Hudson 112Vi
100 Delaware Lack &. Western 175
Denver & HSo Grande 184
Denver & r.'.o Grande prefd 66>i
Erie 10H
....... Erie 1ft rrefd .' S3
100 Grr-at Northern prefd 1524
Hocking Coal 144
190 Hocking Valley 24'i
470 Illinois Central 1164
100 Iowa Central 116?*
Iowa Central rrefd 44
100 Lake Erie &. Western 274
Lake Erie & ¦Western prefd S3
Lake Shore 209
1,700 Louisville &. Nashville 71>i
1,150 Manhattan L PI
SE3 Metronolltan Street Railway 1524
Mexican Cer^ral 11%
100 Minneapolis & ft Louis 53
....... Mtsaeaoolta & St Louis prefd
2.800 Missouri Pacific JWi
100 Mobile & Ohio 36
Missouri. KuiiKM & Texas S\
100 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd... 30*4
1.C00 New Jersey Central 134>i
200 New York Central 12S^
- KM Norfolk & Western 23%
........ Norfolk & Western prefd .' 744
2.300 Northern Pacific 50%
(Z0 Northern Pacific prefd 71
810 Ontario & Western 20T4
Oregon Railway & Navigation — 42
Oregon Railway S: Navigation prefd 78
8.K71 Pennsylvania 127T4
200 Reading 16i*
1,130 Reading 1st rrefd — 67',i
„ Reading 2d rrefd 27
Bio Grande Western 54
XUo Grange Western prefd SO
.. . St Louis & San Francisco 0%
m Bt Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd 67
St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 334
CIS Pt Louis Southwestern 12%
J.1M Pt Louis Southwestern prefd 29
S.COO St. Paul 1124
¦. f=t Paul r>refd - 172
Pt Paul & Omaha 112
2,£00 Southern Pacific ZZ\{
4">0 Southern Railway • IOvJ
210 South* to nail way prefd C2
Texas & Pacific 14
S.023 Union Pacific £8
1.SS3 Union Pacific prefd 'a r A
Wabash 7
400 Wabarh rrefd XlT-i
l,0t«0 Wheeling: & Lake Erie S^
103 Wheeling & Lake Erie M prefd 23«<
Wisconsin Central 13V!
Third Avenue .' 109fc
Express companies—
Adams 123
. -|7,,7 Air.erlcan 1£5
:hl & N con 7s. .140 j Do 5s 11S4
Do S F deb 5s.. 120 i Southern Pa 4s ...784
Term 4s 924= Southern Ry 5s.lO8T»
;ol South 4s S24 S R & T Cs 4.4- 6S
>n & R G lBts..lO2«4Tex & Pa lsts ..111%
Do Is S8 i Do 2ds 53
Zr\* sen 4s CS 7 «: Union Pa 4s 105H
=" W & Den C 1st 724; Wabash lsts 1174
3en Electrlc'Ss ..115 Do Ms 101
owa Central lsts. 113 West Shore 4s ...111%
j & Nash uni 4s. 99% Wls Cen lsts £S* 4
T Central lsts.lOS'i! Va Centuries 90
MIXING STOCKS.
Thollar 12iOntarlo E E0
>own Point 13 Ophir 50
?on Cal & Ya 1 20:Quicksilver 1 5C
Dead wood 50! Quicksilver prefd.. G BO
5ould & Curry 12;SIerra Nevada 32
Hale & Norcross.. 16 Standard 3 SO
Homestake CO t-U Union Con IS
Iron Silver 53 Yellow Jacket S3
Mexican 22
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Rubber 29
Call loans 2^3 Union Pacific 68%
Time loans 3344:West End S3
Stocks— Wis Central 13
A T & S F 26% Bonds—
A T & S F prefd.. 69% Atchison 4s 99
American Sugar.. .11&74 N E Gas&Coke 5s. 644
Am Sugar prefd.. .116 I Mining Shares —
Kell Telephone 143 Adventure 24
Boston Elevated. -.14? lAllouez Mln Co 14
Boston & Maine.. .1S3 Amalg Coroer 874
Chgo Bur & Q 124% ; Boston & Mont 315
Dominion Coal 41%:Butte & Boston.... 61
Dora Coal prefd. ...110 Calumet & Hecla..75O
Federal Steel 334! Centennial 764
Fed Steel prefd 66 !Frankltn 13%
Fitchburg prefd....l3S4; Humboldt 25
General Electric. .137 Osceola 67
Gen Elec prefd 13* iParrot 41
Ed Elec 111 2054 Qulncy 140
Mexican Central... 114; Santa Fe Copper... 4»i
Mich Telephone.... 85 .Tamarack 213
N E Gas & Coke... 13% Utah Mining 29%
Old Colony 204 Wlnona S
Old Dominion 174i Wolverines 40%
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK. Aug. 27.— Money on call steady
at 1US1H P« r cent. Prime mercantile paper,
4{?44 per cent. Sterling exchange easy, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 874£p
4 87% tor demand and $4 S4@4 M».« for sixty
days; posted rates, U S5S4 854 and $4 884®
4 S9: commercial bills. $4 £34@4 £4. Bar silver.
614c. Silver certificates, 6142624c. Mexican
dollars. 48»4c. Bonds— Government, strong.
State, Inactive; railroad. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance. $137,981,019; gold, $67,866,554.
London Market.
NEW TORK. Aug. 27.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's L<ondon financial cablegram says:
The markets here wer* as dull as dltchwater.
except for slight activity In Westralians and
In Paris, which Is screwing up Tintcs. The
Bank of England bought £10,000 gold In bars.
CLOSING.
Atchison. 27%: Canadian Pacific. 91V1: Union
Pacific preferred, 77%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 73; Grand Trunk, 64; Anacondas, 9.
Bar silver, firm, 2S%d. Money, 24 per cent.
Nrj; York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK, Aug. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,630 barrels; sales, 7300 packages. Quiet all
day and about Eteady without change. Winter
patent*. $3 75®*: winter straits, $3 50S3 60.
"WHEAT — Receipts, 1S8.C50 bushels; exports,
128,722 bushels; spot steady ; No. 2 red, 80%ic f.
o. b. afloat and 78%c elevator: Xo. 1 Northern
Duluth. E4%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
87%r f. o. b. afloat. Options were generally
¦ firm all day In face of big receipts. Offerings
were light and demand stimulated by higher
[ English cables, a small Increase In the visible
and the strength In corn; closed firm at %a
i advance over Saturday's curb; September,
79H@794c, closed at 79Hc: October, 79%@79?4c,
closed at 79 7 ic; December, SO la-lS^Sl 5- 16c,
i closed at SlUc
i HOPS— Dull. * . .
•HIDES— Firm; California. 184c
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice. '
i S4c bid; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9*i@14c. Fu
tures closed steady at a net advance of 15 to
, 20 points; total salts reached 43,000 bags, in
i, eluding September. $7 3C<g7 35; Octobrr. $7 40Q>
, 7 45; Uewmber, *7 63®7 70; January. V 70.
• t SUGAR— Raw strong; fair reflnlng, 4t»c: cen
i trlfugal, 96 test, i%c; molae^s sugar. 4c; re
fined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6700 packages; market
steady: factory. 15©16c . -
EGGS— Receipts, £141 packages; market firm;
American Spirits IVi
American Spirits prefd 1<
100 American Steel Hoop IS
American Steel Hoop prefd 654
2,700 American Steel & Wire 344
£C5 American Steel & Wire prefd "4
3.000 American Tin Plate 2.>»
American Tin Plate prefd <<
11.330 American Tobacco 91?i
American Tobacco prefd 1-S
Anaconda Mining Co 44
S7.SC5 Brooklyn Ranid Transit r.:,»;
150 Colorado Fuel & Iron S4"» |
2.110 Continental Tobacco "3^, j
1,110. Continental Tobacco prefd "¦
8:5 Federal Steel 334
400 Federal Steel prefd 654
350 General Electric 1374!
200 Glucose Sugar SI ¦¦ j
<Jluc"se Sugar r>refd S'm :
200 International Paper 22^ ;
International Paper prefd 66 ; I
I^aclede Gas 75U j
100 National Biscuit 31 i
National Biscuit rrefd 82
National Lead 1"
National Lead prefd SSVi
250 National Steel 25
100 National Steel prefd 844 I
New York Air Urake 130 |
110 North American 15
Pacific Coast T.SVi
j Pacific Coast 1st prefd 85
540 Pacific Coast 2d rrefd 64=4
450 Pacific Mail 314
9.S03 People's Gas 9Ms
420 Pressed Steel Car '. 37
Pressed Steel Car prefd 75»4
Pullman Palace Car 1S6
100 Standard Ror>e & Twine 5
E5.C30 Sugar 11S%
Sugar prefd 116
755 Tennefse Coal & Iron 694
11,325 United States Leather 10V|
United States Leather prefd 6S 1 ;
United Statos Rubber 2»V»
.1S5 United States Rubber prefd 94
..#. . Western Union 79H
2.6«0 Republic Iron & Steel Co 12^
2M) Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 534 '
| PCCi St Louis 54
! 200,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
JUG Jj ref reg |M K & T 2ds .... 66
when Issued 10J*il Do 4s 814
Do coupon 103»ilN J C gen 5s 122**
I V S 2s ree 109 ,'North Pa 2s €54
i U S 2s coupon ...109 Do 4s -. .V)t
V S new 4s rpg ..134 iN Y C & St. L. 4slO6'-4
U S new 4s coup. 134 ;N & W con 4s ... 974
U S old 4s rrg .'.115 Ore Navi lsts ...109
U S old 4s coun ..115 ¦! Do 4a 102H
O S "5s r«»c 1124 Ore Short L 6s...l26»i
U S 5a coup 1124i Do consol 5s ..1124
Dist of Col 3 65s. 122 1 Reading gen 4s .. 87%
Atchison. zen 43.100 1 ; Rio Q W lsts S84
Atchison. ad 4s ... 85 IS L & I M con Bs.llUi
Canada So 2ds ...10S Ig L & S F gen 6s.l21»i
Ceas & Ohio 44». 09 7 4]St Pa<il consols ..167'
Ches & Ohio 5s...ll7?i;S P C & Pa lsts. .118
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 33
American Cotton Oil orefd ESVs
100 American Maltlne *%
American Malting prefd 23
"CO American Smelting & Refin 36%
American Smelting & Refln prefd... SS^fc
Wells-Fargo 125
Oats were dull but firm in sympathy with
wheat. September closed %®%o Improved at
21%c.
Provisions started ea$y because hog receipts
were 18,00) head more than Saturday's estimate,
but steadied on buying by packers. September
pork closed 10c lower, lard &<U~7V4c dov.'n and ri°s
unchanged. Trade was very quiet throughout.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 73»i 7»H 73"; 74'.i
September 73 T t| 74-Tg 73 s i 74U
October 74% 75}fc 74^ 75
Corn Xo. 2—
August 39V4 40*4 394 40%
September 39 33H 3«*i 83>4
October 37T4 3S»i 37H SSVa
Oat? No. 2—
August — — — 21%
September 21»i 21% 21% 21%
October 21v» 22V4 21T» 22
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 10 S7Vi 1103 10 S7>4 10 95
October 10 95 11 12^ 10 95 1107^
January 1100 1105 1100 1100
Lard, rer 100 lbs—
September 6 67^ 6 72H 6 67V4 6 70
Octbber 6 72Va 6 77^ . 6 72V4 6 75
January 6 55 6 60 6 53 6 55
Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs—
September 7 00 7 CO 6 97V4 7 CO
October 6 90 7 02% 6 90 ¦ 7 CO
January 5 90 5 60 5 85 5 E7M>
*.— 1 ¦ ; *
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— In wheat throughout the
cession there was a disposition to get on an
eve-n keel to float over the holiday to-morrow.
Trade was at all times quiet, but there was an
undertone of firmness pleasing to holders. Out.
side trade was lacking, which left the suppoct
of the market to local Interests. A moderate
amount of buying sufficed to do this. Liver
pool closed %d higher in face of the decline of
%Slc here Saturday; world's shipments were
less than the previous week by 1,132,000 bush
els,-and-the amount' on ocean passage fell off
1,360,000 bushels. Liverpool reported cargoes off
coast strong. The visible,' which had been ex
pected to show an increase of 1,500,000 bushels,
increased only 203,000 - bushels. ¦ Northwestern
reports of the harvest of spring wheat were
still 4 freighted with the greatest despondency.
September opened at 73%@73%O and gradually
sold up to 74%c. closing firm ?» over Saturday
at 74V»®"4 1 ic.
Corn v.as quiet but firm on a moderate
amount of business. Liverpool was higher.
Shorts were the best buyers. September closed
»ic up at S9V4c.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction higher. Exclumgc unchanged.
Wheat opened higher, bid fell back.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Beans a::d Seeds dull at previous prices.
Hay i'n excessive receipt again and dull.
Potatoes and Vegetables still plentiful
Butter, Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry nominal. Game quiet.
Fruit market well supplied and fairly active.
Dried Fruit steady at prrjious quotations. .
Provisions inactive, but generally firm.
Wool, Hops and Hi'dcs unchanged.
Nothing new in the Meat market.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14gl9c; unpeelcd, 6S3c,
There was nothing in the situation of evap
orated . apples to induce buyers to. .stock up
with prices on their present basis, with tne
result that the disposition generally- shown was
to limit purchases to current wants. The un
dertone, however, was very steady at fully
sustained prices. State common was quoted
from, 3c to 5c; prime, i*i<UJ\ic; choice, 5Vs l 36c;
fancy. 6->i'ip7c.
California dried fruits showed very little ani
mation and the market continues quiet at un
changed prices. Prunes were quoted from 3'/io
to 7c per pound, as to sizo and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, Il*al4e; Moorpark, lr.fTlTc.
DRIED FRUITS.
Western, regular packing, at mark, lOSUc;
Western, loss off. 16-f 17c.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrojrrarhlc Office. L". S. X.. Mer
chants' Ex -bonze. San Francisco. Cal..
August 27. 19C0.
The ilme ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
L *.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
Lteutenant Comtnamlfr. T*. S. X.. In rt^arge.
and then the number given Is subtracted frorn
the depth given by the chart*. Th« plane of
reference la th* mean of the lower lew water*.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
OREGON.
Wool, bales 100 -
WASHINGTON.
Flour, ar sks ... 2,560 Oats, ctla 1,130
FOR MONDAY, AUGUST 27.
Flour, qr sks.... 23,0S5|Hay, tons 1.S15
Wheat, ctls 1.660 [Hops, bale? 80
Barley, ctls 21.293 1 Middlings, sks .. 1,153
Oats, ctls 933!Pelts. bdls 2,417
E.uter, ctls HliHIdes. No 64S
Cheese, ctls 47|Eggs. doz 8,970
Tallow, ctls .... 22S;\Vine, gals 30.100
Beans, sks 3l»6 : leather, rolls ... 122
Potatoes, sks ... 710 Quicksilver, flsk3 30
Bran, sks 2".".: Lime, bb!s S46
Wool, bales 92'Chicory. bdls .... 15
Straw, tons 351
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, !n 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. C.70c; Powdered.
6.30c; Candy Granulated. G.30c: Dry Granulated.
6.20c; Confectioners' A, 6.20c; Magnolia A, o.SOc:
Extra C. 6.70c; Golden C, 5.60c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more;
&0-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels. 6.95c; boxes, 7.20c per lb.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ten; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wall
send, $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
tacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton In bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$3 45 per 2000 lbs. and $3 30 per ton. according
to brand.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 SS; Calcutta
Grain Bags, £%c; 'Wool Bags, 2SVit?32'4c; Fleece
Twine, 7Hc: Fruit Bags, SViSe-'Vic for white and
SVi@S%c for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6(36%c for small. 5%®5T4c
for medium and S^ffS^c for large; stock Hogs
and feeders. 5H@5%c; dressed Hogs. 8j?8%c.
LAMB— Spring. 8%@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7H©Sc; ewes, 7®"V4c per
pound.
BEEF— 3@6c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 1Sj.Sc; small, S%{j3V£c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16o; Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free, 14JH6c: Mlddl- Coun
ty, defective. 12® 14c: Southern Mountain. 12
months', Il(frl2c: Southern Mountain, free, 7
months. 10® 12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9ffillc; Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16<fT17c; Nevada. 13(fflGc per lb. .
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6%tfiSc: do Lambs',
EfcOc: Middle County. &©llc per lb.
HOPS — Old, nominal at 5@10c per lb; new,
10@12c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 434%c per lb: No.
2, 3®3Vic; Breare. 2®2%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10'^e rer lb fcr
heavy, lie for Hcht medium, 12'/4c for light. 13c
for extra light and I4',4c for sugar-cured. East
ern fiuzar-cured Ham?, 13c; Mess Beef. J12 per
bbl: extra Mess, $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork. MS 50: extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12Vi»ll3c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9c for purs: half-barrels, pure, 9Vic;
10-lb tins. M4e: 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8*ic; three
half barrels. Svjc; ono tierce, S%c: two tierces,
SV4c; five tierces. S14c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
| about Ic under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, SH^Sc; medium. 8»*c; light, 8®S%c;
Cowhides. SHc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 8c: Calf.
9c; Dry Hides, sound. 13c: Dry Kip. 15c: Dry
Calf. 15c; culls and brands, 12c; Sheepskins.
Shearlings, 20tfj30e each; short Wool. 30ftj.50c
each; medium, C0@80c; long Wool, 90c@$l 10
each; Horae Hides, salt. $2&2 23 for large, $1 75
for medium. $1 for small and 50c for colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 £0 for large, $1 25 for me
dium, $!. for small and 25f?50c for colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 33c; fall or me
dium skins,. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
j fcklns— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
EOc; medium, Sac.
Provisions.
Prices for all descriptions stand the same.
The outward movement is very good.
NEW CROP — Prunes, nominal; Apricots, 6%©
SHc for Royals and lO'fl^c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5®6c: sun-dried. 4?ri%c;
Peaches JU^SVjC . for standard. C@6 r .ic for
choice and 7@Sc for fancy: Psars, 6«J7Hc;
Plums, pitted. 5®6c; unpitted. 101Hc; Necta
rines. 5@3V-c for red and 5%@6c for white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
Ib, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. S%c: choice. 7Hc; standard. 6Hc;
prime. Get unbleached Sultanas. 3c; Seedless,
J,O-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, r'.4c;
3-crown, d\ic; 4-crown, "c; London layers. 2
crown, $1 £0 per box; 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS — 'Walnuts. S@10%e for standards and 9
@llc for softshells: new Almonds, I2313'4o
for paper shell, 9%®10c for soft and 6@7c for
hard shell; Peanuts, 5®6Hc fcj Eastern and
B4t6c for. California; Brazil Nuts, ll@12^c: Fil
berts 12® 13c; Pecans. HS13c; Cocoanuts. $3 10
4T5.
HONEY— Comb. 13$14c for bright and 12J?
]2Hc for light amber; water white, extracted,
7Vi<i«7%c: light amber, extracted, euge^c; dark.
Z\*iiCc per lb. •
BEESWAX— 24S26C per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
5Cc@$l for good to choice: Crabapple3, ~3O@40c
per small box and 60^75c per large box.
Pears— Bartietts, 40c@$l-ln boxes and $15®
25 m-r ton in bulk.
QlTINCES-<C((7fi"e ppr box.
STRAWBERRIES— $J@7 per chest for large
and $7ffiS for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $6^8 per chest.
BLACKBERHIES-$3«6 per chest.
HUCKLKBERRIES-3@4e per lb.
FIGS— 20(&40c for single and 40<g$0c for double
layer Imxo.
POMEGRANATES— 75©S5c per box.
NECTARINES— Are nominal, as few are seen
now.
1'LTTMP— KfiMOr r*r bf» ><m1 rrnte: ln>b"U.
$10*713 per ton; Prunes, 30^j50c per crate; Egg
flvmK trjfttt r«"- ton.
PEACHES— 40(5 60c per box: in bulk, $1S@23
per ton lor freestone and $1032"' tor clings;-
Mountain Pfachci. lW~'v :>er box.
GRAPES— Muscats. 40!?j.*0.; per crate: Seed-
Ipss 75c per crate; Sweetwater, 3r.*I50c; black,
ana.Vc; Tokny. . 33«:>0c; Isabella. TMiSoc; Wine
Grapes. $20<ff22 per ton for Zinfnndel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 200-jOc per case; Canta
loupes. .Vkf/ Si i5 per ¦ <-r.it«: Watermelons, *6
@20 with extra large at $2.'. per 100.
"CITRUS FKUITS— Lemons. $1 2Mi3 for com
mon, and $3 r.0iR3 for gooil to choice: Mexican
Limes, $5; Bananas, $lii?2 per bunch; Pine
cpples, $1 50© 3 50 per dozen.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Aus. 27.— WHEAT— Steady;
Walla Walla, 56@C6^o; valley, 65@36c; blue
stem, ESigiOc. _ .
TACOMA. Aug. 27.— WHEAT— Dull and un
changed; blue stem, 5S&c; club, Ba^c, both for
export.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND,' Or., Aug. 27.— Clearings, $321,
162; balances, $49,968.
LIVERPOOL. A us. 27.— Wheat quiet. No. 1
Standard California. 6s 3 ! i<14jl>s 41. Wheat in
Paris, steady. Flour in parts, quiet. French
country markets, steady.
COTTOX— Uplands, 5%d.
Portland's Business.
LONDON. Aug. 27.— Consols, 97 15-16; silver.
2S 5-16d; French rents, 100f 82^c. Wheat
cargoes on. passage, quiet and steady; Xo. 1
Standard California "Is; Walla Walla. 29s 6d;
English country markets, generally 6d dearer.
Wheat and flour on passage to United King
dom. 2.300,000: wheat and flour on passage to
Continent, 1.140.000.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— The market for fu
tures started easy in tone with prices 1 point
higher 'to '2 points' lower. A "few of the more
wan' shorts near midday quietly turned for
cover, but before they succeeded in protecting
their accounts prices Jumped fully 6 points,
with the pit in general nervously buying: cot
ton. Then, followed a protracted spell of
apathy and .minute variations. Near the clos-?
another dash of shorts increased the advance,
with the market finally steady, S3 11 points net
higher.
Nezv» York Cotton Market.
a lack of demand, closing at $4 03@4 15. The
brokers' price for lead was $4 and lor copper
$16 75.
155:1; $19S3.
Mrs. Lillian Bishop (owner) with William
Plant (contractor), architect T. Paterson Ross-
All work for a two-story frame residence on
Intersection of Sunset avenue and Sunset ave
nue, S 119.31. W 20.S1, N 114.:7H. E 30.1S, portions
of lots 1 to 5, Sunset Heights; $2070.
Mrs. Bertha E. Michelsen (owner) with Felix
Marcuse (contractor and architect) — All work
for a two-story frame building on N line of
Union street, 59:6^ E of Octavia; $2600.
Pietro Foppiaho (owner) with Carlo Selore
(contractor), architect Nicola Fopplano— All
work except" furnishing finishing hardware for
a 3-story and basement frame building on lot
on S line of Green street, 17S W of Kearny, W
25 by S 7S; S2S00.
A. B. McCreery (owner) with Thomas Butler
(contractor), architect Albert Plssts — Brick.'
granite, cast Iron, steel and wrought Iron work,
hatchway and coal hole,' Iron stairs and side
walk llchts for a 4-story and basement brick
store and office bulletins on lot on N line of
Sutter street, 23' W of Powell. W 25 by X 87:6;
J3264. ¦.-..- -i
Same owner with The McGllvray Stone Com
pany (contractor); architect same— Sand work
for same on same; $2400.
Same owner with William F. Wilson (con
tractor), architect same — Plumbing, gasfittlng
and sewering for same on same; $1745.
Same otfner with Charles Dunlop (contrac
tor), architect came— Lathing and plastering tor
pame.cn same; J1050.
S3SQI
Sarah F. Lang to Olive Verkouteren, lot on
S corner of Thirty-eighth avenue and K street,
SE 62 by SW 100. block 16. Paul Tract Home- ;
stead; J10-. _ ,
Charles E. Boman to San Francisco Brick
Company (corporation), lots 41 and 42, block
12. Flint Tract Homestead: J10.
Lewis Abrahams to same, lot 3o, block 14.
same; $10.
Lewis Abrams to same, same: $10.
Henry A. Crane to Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, lot on E corner of Thirty-eighth ave
nue and K street. NE 100 by SE 62. lot 8, block
67. Paul Tract; $10. : v - l '~'J , , .
Olive Verkkouteren to Columbus Ferrari, lot
on NE corner of Felton (Henry) and Princeton
streets. E 30 by N 100, lot 16, block 71, Railroad
avenue Extension Homestead Association; $10.
Christian G. Mayer to Charles Mlgeot, lot on
NE line of Twenty-second avenue. 123 SE of
K street. SE 25 by NE 1C0, block 423 South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
ciation; grant.
Alameda County.
Frank C. and Lila R. Havens to George Pter-
Hrnr lot on NW line of Adams street. 532:10
Nlf'of Lee. NE 1SS-.2 by NW 120 being lot«
J0. 21 and 32 and NE 38:2 of let 25. blooc E,
on Map of Lands Oakland View Homestead As
sociation, Oakland; ?10.
Richard and Minnie A. Sture to Georee H.
Hough let S line of West Twelfth street. 1C4
W of Kirkham. W 40 by S 110. being a portion
of lot 25 en Map of Center-street Home Lots,
to correct 622 D 19, subject to deed of trust for
iToO. Oakland; $10.
J A. end Ninna M. Spencer to Josephine
Boyer. lots 19 to 2o, 60 to 72. block B. Everett
Tract telnc a subdivision of lots 4 and 5,
Yoakum Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Harriet K. and George S. Hill to Mary F.
d* Evelyn, lot en SE corner of Willow street
and San Jose avenue, E 50 by S 150. being
lot IS in W half block O. Map of Property
Plcr.eer Hcmer.tead Association. Alameda; $10.
Henry A. and Christine P. Pieltner to Carl
T. C. and Clara J. Ronpage. lot on E line
of Brandon street. 103 N of Washington. N 40
by E 125, block 775, Levy Tract. Brooklyn Town
thlp; $10.
B. C. Shrelber to Walter Van Dyke, lot 8 on
map of Rldgewood, East Oakland; $600.
Builders' Contracts.
Justinian Calre Company, corporation (owner)
with James E. Rritt (contractor). archltectiE.
A. Hermann— Plumbing, sewering and gas fit
ting for four-story and basement brick, iron
and terra cotta structure on SE line, of Mar
ket street. 190 NE pf Second, NE 33:4 by SE
James C. Pennie Jr. to Thomas N. Swyney.
lot on S line of O'Farrell street. 162:6 W of
Octavia, W 25 by S 120; $10.
Charles Schwarz to Mary I. Wynne, lot on
N line of Union Etreet, 187:6 E of Steiner, E
25 by N 137:6; $10.
John Kelso (by E. B. Pond and H. C. Camp
bell, trustees) to Tallant Banking Company
(corporation). 1660 I_>. 23*, let on W line of
Scott street, S2:6 S of Green. S 55 by \V 110;
also lot on S\V corner of Green and Scott
streets, S 55 by W 110 (trustees' deed); J5S30.
Agnes V. (Holt) Nolan, formerly Agnes Holt
Reese, to Ardean B. Bullard. lot on W line of
Belcher street 100 N of Fourteenth, N 50 by
W 125 (quitclaim deed); *1.
Theodore A. P. Brown, executor (by Murray
F. Vandall. commissioner) to Luigi Ferrari,
lot on SE corner of Filbert and Stockton streets.
S 26 by E 73; J4425.
Frank J. and Ella N# "Wight to Eugene Dim
mer, lot on NW corner of Greenwich street
and Randall place. \V 2S by N 56:6; $10.
Mlnni<» Locke Self ridge (Locke), wife of E.
A., to Lydia G. Selfri.ige (wife of F. C 1 .), un
dtvidPd half of lot on N line of Stevenson
street, 95 \V of Second. W 90 by N CV.6; girt.
Lydta Gordon Selfrldge (Gordon), wife of
Frank C. to Minnie I.ocke Srlfridge (Locke),
wife of E. A., undivided half of lot on N line
of Stevenson street. 1S5 \V of Second. W 90 by
N 6S:6; gift.
Peter and Johanna Jensen to George Slavick,
lot on W line of Kansas street, 175 S of Hum
bold t, S 25 by W 100; $14'"K>.
Henry and Amalie Marx to Mission Home and
Loan Association, lot 27, block 23, Sunnyslde;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAY, Aug. 27—4 p. m.
Alpha 05 C6 Justice C2 03
Alta 02 04 Kentuck — 02
Andes 07 OH Lady Wash — CC
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 24 25
Best & Belcher 15 17. Occidental 12 13
Bullion 03' OolOpnir 52 53
Caledonia 51 SClOverman M IS
Chollar 14 lSiPotosl 21 22
Challenge Con. 17 ISiSavage 10 11
Confidence 65 6.':Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 2J 1 MlSes Eeicher ... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02j?ierra Nevada. 35 37
Con New York — OiJHilver Hill 40 41
Eureka Con ... — 43 St Louis 13 15
Crown Point ..12 13 Standard — 4 26
Exchequer — 02 .Syndicate — 08
Gould & Curry 15 16 Inion Con 20 21
.Hale & Norc... — lGil'tah (A 07
Julia — 01 i Yellow Jacket.. 22 23
?
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnz Session.
200 Challenge Con.. 23 200 Potosl *1
ICO Chollar la £00 Savage 11
200 Con Cal & Va..l 30 300 Yellow Jacket.. 26
200 Ophir 53
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 07 2C0 Mexican 2«
200 Best & Belcher IX 2C0 Ophir 52
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 300 Overman 0.
EOO Con Imperial... «1 300 Sierra Nevada. 36
ECO Con Imperial .. 02 200 Silver Hill 40
£00 Crown Point... 12 3C0 Yellow Jacket.. 23
The following -were the sales tn the San Fran
cisco 'Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: ,
\ -Mornlnr session.
3.10 Challenge 22 !&•"> Ophir 53
SCO Chollar IS 200 P.rtosl .1
10O Con Cal & Va..l 30 300 ravage 1]
200 Gould & Curry lfc 500 Yellow Jacket.. 26
Afternoon Session.
,200 Best & Belcher IT: 100 Ophir S3
100 Caledonia 52) 100 Ophir »;
If* Chollar 75| 13T.0 Overman 0.
000 Con Cal & Va..l 50 100 Sierra Nevada. 36
200 Crown Point... 13 j 200 Silver Hill 40
100 Mexican 26 j 3C0 Union Con .... 20
400 Occidental 12 S00 Yellow Jacket.. 2.>
100 Occidental 131
Morning Session.
Hoard— ,»
1C00 Independence
Afternoon Session.
Board— . ,,,
100 Home Oil * ~
K0OIndepender.ce nan
10 Kern River *? L.,
1C00 Twenty-eight • ~»
MIXING STOCKS.
33 Hutchinson S P Co 24 00
10 Makawell ..; 43 S7«
5 Oakland Gas 49 ij
25 Oceanic S S Co »* £>
25 Paauhau S P Co 30 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp »1 J™
25 S F Gas and Electric Co w 2a
E0 S F Gas and Electric Co »? 00
$1000 S V 6a m2«?M
$2000 L" S 2s (coup) 10SS..J
Street— ... ..
20 Cal Safe Deposit 'A'A
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
60 S F Gas and Electric Co. cash.... 53 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 100©.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
PARIS.
@1 10.
10
Steamer. I Destination. ! Sails. I Pier.
p^ru !N>w York iAn?.:«. ttmfFMSH
Eureka ...JHumbolrit [Aur. 2S. Pam ; PlerM
Empire ....ICoos Ray (Aug. 29. 10 am'Pler 13
Hoiwrk'K MiChlna&JapanjAu*. » 1 pm Pps
Santa Kona'san Dl->eo Au«. 23. 11 am P er 11
City Pu-bla'Vlctorla lAus. XK-V am Pier 9
State Cal.. iPortlamJ lAuc «. 11 am Pier 2t
Newbury ..iGrays llarbor'Ausr. 31 1"""::
foos Ray..lN>wr.orr lAue. si. o am r\or 11
Pomona ...IHumboMt lAujr. 31. 5 pm. PUT »
Arcata ....Vons Bay 'Aug. 31. 12 m' Pier IS
W. KrJSPr.ITill.imook 'Sep. 1. 3 pm Pier -
Corona ....(Sari PIp-?o f^p. 2. 11 am : Pier 11
Pel Xnrte... I Portland [Sep. 3 lu.-'i
W. Walla..! Victoria Ippp.' S. 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. IPoInt Arena. .IScp. 3. ' f m ,S er «
Bonlta [Newport ;Sep. 4, 9 am Pier 11
Sun rises .*. 5:35
Sun seta 8.45
Moon arts S:C3 p. tn.
C ITlmel Tlmel ITlmel Tlmet
» | 1 Ft. Ft. - Ft. 1 Ft.
o H W L W H.W L. W|
28 ... 1:14 4.6 «:45 l.« 1:81 6.1 7:31 1.4
29 ... 2:00 4.3 7:14 1.9 1:58 6.1 »:15 1.3
80... 2:55 4.0 7:43 2.3 2:28 5.1 9:08 1.2
31 ... 3:57 3.S 8:25 2.6 2:59] 5.0 10:06 1.1
1 ... 5:11 3.7 »:15 3.0 3:411 5.0 11:10 0.9
2... G:2C S.7 10:2a| 3.2 4:S6| 5.0
L AV H Wl L, Wl |H
3... 0:13 0.6 7:32| 3.9 ll:4of 3.3| 5:42 5.1
Sun rises .*. 5:35
Sun seta 8.45
Moon arts S:C3 p. tn.
C ITlmel Tlmel ITlmel Tlmet
» | 1 Ft. Ft. - Ft. 1 Ft.
o H W L W H.W L. W|
28 ... 1:14 4.6 «:45 l.« 1:81 6.1 7:31 1.4
29 ... 2:00 4.3 7:14 1.9 1:58 6.1 »:15 1.3
80... 2:55 4.0 7:43 2.3 2:28 5.1 9:08 1.2
31 ... 3:57 3.S 8:25 2.6 2:59] 5.0 10:06 1.1
1 ... 5:11 3.7 »:15 3.0 3:411 5.0 11:10 0.9
2... G:2C S.7 10:2a| 3.2 4:S6| 5.0
L AV H Wl L, Wl |H
3... 0:13 0.6 7:32| 3.9 ll:4of 3.3| 5:42 5.1
Steamer. I Destination. ! Sails. I Pier.
p^ru !N>w York iAn?.:«. ttmfFMSH
Eureka ...JHumbolrit [Aur. 2S. Pam ; PlerM
Empire ....ICoos Ray (Aug. 29. 10 am'Pler 13
Hoiwrk'K MiChlna&JapanjAu*. » 1 pm Pps
Santa Kona'san Dl->eo Au«. 23. 11 am P er 11
City Pu-bla'Vlctorla lAus. XK-V am Pier 9
State Cal.. iPortlamJ lAuc «. 11 am Pier 2t
Newbury ..iGrays llarbor'Ausr. 31 1"""::
foos Ray..lN>wr.orr lAue. si. o am r\or 11
Pomona ...IHumboMt lAujr. 31. 5 pm. PUT »
Arcata ....Vons Bay 'Aug. 31. 12 m' Pier IS
W. KrJSPr.ITill.imook 'Sep. 1. 3 pm Pier -
Corona ....(Sari PIp-?o f^p. 2. 11 am : Pier 11
Pel Xnrte... I Portland [Sep. 3 lu.-'i
W. Walla..! Victoria Ippp.' S. 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. IPoInt Arena. .IScp. 3. ' f m ,S er «
Bonlta [Newport ;Sep. 4, 9 am Pier 11
AUCTION SALES*
2^> £^
30 HEAD DRAFT HORSES. ALL BROKEN
Bays, blacks and frowns: weighing frr-mli.)
to 1600. Bred by W. B. Hardman. CHASE 4.
MENDENHALL. salesyard 1732 Market «t.THE MOVING SPIRIf; IN THE FAIR FOR ST. JOHN'S" CHURCH.
THE scene at the St. John's Church
fair ln the old St. Mary's College, on
II the Mission road, last night was a
magnificent one. The upper hall was
beautifully decorated, the booths were
bright with many, colored bunting and the
promenades were crowded late Into the
night with gayly dressed young ladles
working with might and main to make
the bazaar the most successful ever given
In San Francisco. The fair Is ln aid of the
building fund for the erection of a church
to be dedicated to St. John, and from the
rushing way. the dollars rolled In , 'last
night the church stands ln a fair way of
being one of the handsomest edifices ln
the city.
To-night will be "military night." Com
pany O of the First Regiment of the
League of the Cross, under command ol
Captain Wesphlear. will give an exhi
bition drill. It Is'more than probable that
Colonel O'Nell of the First California Vol
unteers and his staff will be present at the
drill and will inspect the company at the
All tho booths are very tastefully deco
rated. The Immaculate Conception booth
is presided over by Miss Mollle Skehen.
and the taste displayed in Its decoration
Is excellent. The young ladies that assist
In the sale of tfte beautiful pillows. Bohe
mian glassware and hand-painted china
are: Misses Lizzie Clark. Kittle Welsh,
Mamie Keogh, Katherine Keogh. Mamie
Keen, Kate Keon. Mamie Vander, Ade
laide Phillips, Marguerite Hammon, Ber
tha Hashagen, Mrs. Wilson and Mrs. Mur
ray.
Fortunes are told bjr Miss B. Bach, who
Is doing a land office business. The candy
stand is well looked after by Miss Irene
Walsh. In her rush of business she* Is
assisted by Misses May McCarthy, Mar
guerite Skehen. Nellie McKeon, Bessie
Meyers and Gertrude Vander. They: sold
the best of French candies and those who
Intend paying the bazaar a visit should
not give this stand the "overlook."- Cap
tain Wesphlear has a shooting gallery at
close of the event. Colonel E. Power of
the League of the Cross is also expected
to attend with hisytaff. Chief of Police
Sullivan has already notified the Rev.
Father Brady, the pastor of the parish,
that he will be present. It looks as if to
night will be the gala night of the week.
% - DIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
1 I BERKELEY, Aug. 27.— Arthur S.
| Eakle, recently appointed assistant
> " 1 mineralogist at the State Unlver
city. arrived to-day from the
East. He will meet his classes to-mor
row. Dr. Eakle Is a well-known student
and Instructor of mineralogy ana petro
graphy, lie has contributed many articles
to bcientilic publications on these subjests
and was at one time invited to be Ameri
can representative of the "Zeltsehrift fur
KryBtallographlc und Mlneraloglc," which
consists of writing in German an abstract
of the American and Canadian literature
on mineralogy and crystallography. He
Is a fellow of the Geological Society of
America. Dr. EaKle has studied ln Mun
ich and traveled extensively abroad. He
graduated from Cornell ln 1832; was In
structor there for two years and later in
structor at Harvard.
The Choral Society, tho \oung Ladles'
Glee Club of the University, will hold an
Installation banquet to-morrow evening
at 7 o'clock In tne ladles' room ln East
President and Mrs. B. I. Wheeler, Pro
fessor and Mrs. J. H. Senger, Mr. and Mrs.
David Lorlng. Miss Lorlng and Professor
M. W. Haskell will be guests of honor.
The officers to be Installed are: President,
Miss Alice B. Wythe; secretary, Miss
Eleanor Russell; treasurer, Miss Louise
Davis.
The following committees have charge:
Decorations— Miss Flora Baclgalupl, Miss
Salome Waltz and Miss Edith Kendall:
printing— Miss Florence Hudson, Miss
Ruby Fell and Miss Margie Smith.
A chanter of the Pi B*ta Phi Sorority
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
PRETTY MAIDS WORKING HARD
IN NOBLE CAUSE OF CHARITY
St. John's Bazaar In Old St. Mary's College Is Prov
ing a Tremendous Success.-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Aug. 27.
The suit brought in the United States
Circuit Court by A. A. Grant to recover
possession of bonds of the California and
Nevada Railroad will determine the own
ership of the road and definitely settle the
conditions under which it Is now awaiting
final transfer to the Santa Fe system. The
clearing of the litigation unquestionably
will mean the speedy entrance Into Oak
land of that railroad company's lines.
It is a fact, verified by all of the recent
A. A. Grant to Cinch His
Hold on the California
and Nevada.
ANTICIPATES A
SUIT FOR THE
RAILROAD BONDS
LIEUT. COL HAYES FOUR
MONTHS A BENEDICT
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— The friends of
Lieutenant Colonel John F. Hayes have
learned with surprise that he has been a
benedict for several months. Last April
he and Miss Celia Greene of 1505 Larklu
street, San Francisco, went to San Rafael
and were quietly united in marriage. Two
brothers of the bride reside ln East Oak
land—William Helder. a drugstore propri
etor, and Frank Helder, a dentist.
Colonel Hayes has been connected with
National Guard affairs for twelve years.
Beginning as a private in Company F.
Fifth Infantry, N. G. C, he has served in
all the Intermediate grades to his present
rank.
Every person on the programme except
Miss Eudora Fcrde, contralto, was new
at Fischer's concert house last night, and
the long and Nuried programme was ap
plauded by a large audience. Hadley and
Hart made a hit with some novel musical
Instruments, and Maud Still, a singing
souhrette; Brooke Eltrym. mezzo-soprano,
and little Verna Felton. a clever child
performer, were all well received. Vic
W. Guion, Juggler and equilibrist, did
seme extraordinary things, and John Del
more did some neat dancing and sang
some new coon songs. The moving pict
ures were Interesting and Hinriclis' or
che&tra rendered a pleasing programme.
Fischer's Concert House.
The bill at the Olympia thin week Is
good. The eighth series of living pictures
; was well received last night.
Olympia,
The California Theater Is closed for
some needed alterations and will remain
dark until Saturday night. September S,
when the Azzah Italian grand opera com
pany from Milan will begin an Important
engagement. Many eminent artists come
with the organization and the repertoire
is large and varied.
California.
The Chutes has provided a good bill for
Its patrons this week. Weston and Her
bert appear in a novelty musical act. The
Malcoms present a laughable skit entitled
"On Dangerous Ground." Other numhers
on the hill are Lord and Rowo. acrobatic
comedians: Silvia Puerarl in operatic se
lections. Baby Kuth in coon songs. Ln
Lista, mirror Uancer, and new moving
pictures.
Chutes.
"East Lynne" Is the attraction r.t the
Alta Theater this week. Though "ISast
Lynne" Is adapted from the novel by Mrs.
Henry Wood, and has been before the pub
lic for over a quarter of a century, its lines
never grow old, for they build a sermon.
MIfs Louise Carter assumes the dual role
of Lady Isabel and Madame Vine and In
terprets her parts effectively. Mr. Clark
'Macfarlane. Mr. Frank C. Thompson, Mrs.
Horace Ewing and Miss Mabel Carmichael
are well placed in the cast. Little Rlbble.
a tot, whose death even in play i* sad as
a tragedy, is as bright and sympathetic
as the babe who was Immortalized ln
"East Lynne." The cozy little theater
was comfortably lilled on the opening
night of the plav which promises to be
well patronized throughout the week.
Frou-Frou last evening carried the audi
ence with her. However, sho was obliged
to share the honors with Mi«rs Lorona
Atwood. who personated Louise, her sis
ter. Miss Atwood in the character of
Louise ha? a part in which she can dem
onstrate of what she is capable. White
Whittlesey as Henri Sartorys made an
Ideal "husband of the future." Geeorge
P. Webster. Edwin T. Emery and the
others performed their parts with credit.
Next week the management of the Al
cazar Theater opv>s it«= new stock season,
placing "The Masqueraders" on the
board? with all the accompanying scenic
effects. The company, which numbers
over two dozen artists, contains several
new faces. Prominent among these are
Howard Hall and Dorothy Dorr.
The Chess Club of the university has
elected the following named officers:
President. W; N. Hohfeld: vice president,
A. B. Rhxiart; secretary and treasurer, G.
R. Perkins.
The Kappa Kappa Alpha Sorority will
give a house warming to-morrow after
noon from 4 to 7 o'clock In Its new house
at the corner of Bowdltch street and Ban
croft way.
The Gamma Phi Beta Sorority will give
a party to-morrow evening at the eoror
ity house on Channlng way.
has been organized among the young la
dies at college. The sorority Is one of the
oldest ln this country, having been es
tablished In 1S67. There are twenty-nine
chapters East, the California Rotas mak
ing the thirtieth in the United States. The
following are the members of the new
Bororlty: Miss E. J. Adams. Miss Dora
Dramlet. Miss E. L. Bramlet. Miss C. M.
Haas. Miss Tesste Huber. Miss Elma Kor
bel. Miss Elizabeth Kennedy, Miss Ca
milla Meyer and Miss Maude Schaeffer.
The young ladies' clubhouse is nt the cor
ner of College avenue and Sylvan way.
Stephen Asbill. temporary president of
the freshman class, has appointed the fol
lowing named a committee to chall^ne-e
the sophomores to a rush: G. G. Watson,
A. Wolfskin. S. M. Levenson. W. G-.
Spencer, J. C. Whlpple.
OAKLAND. Aug. 27.— The wedding of
Camille d'Arville. the world-famrd
operatic star, and Krnest Wlllard
Crt-liin, the well-known capitalist
and one of the owners of the Ruby Hill
vineyard, was celebrated at newn to-day
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. T. Ar
thur Crellip. f72 Jackson str<-et. In defer
ence to the desire of both bride and
groom, the attendance was restricted to
relatives and a few intimate friends. De
spite this feature of the notable alliance,
tne preparations were on an elegant
scale.
The house decorations consisted of ar*
effective arrangement in the parlnrs ot
ferns, lilies and evergreens. Clusters of
pink amaryllis adorned the rooms, while
hallways and entrance were embowered
with tropical palms.
SNOTHER American star has returned from Australia and tells of the tri
umphs of a California favorite. Nance O'Neil.wltn whom he had co-starred.
II \\ The star Is Clay Clement, and his. return will be marked by the production
of an adaptation of Charles Dickeens' and Wllkio Collins' "No Thorough
fare," under the title of "A Great Obstacle." Mr. Clement will join forces with I~
R. Stockwell, find they will appear with a strong company at the Columbia Thea
ter immediately following the Henry Miller season. "A Great Obstacle" is an
adaptation of Charles Dickens' and Wilkie Collins' splendid play "N> Thorough
fare." This is the play In which Charles F«*chter scored j-o great a hit in this city
a quarter of a century ago. It has been seen here only once since that time, TC that
It may fairly be said to be new so far as the present generntion of theatergoer? Is
concerned. Mr. Clement will appear ln the great role of Jules Obenreizer. while
Mr. Stockwell will essay the part of Jovey Ladle, in which ht icored a triumph
while a member of Charles Fechtrr'a company. Mrs. Clay Clement will be cast in
the part of Marguerite. The support will be of the best. This will bo the Hr?t ap
pearance of Mr. Stockwell at the Columbia since the day he gave up the manage
ment of that theater.
movements in connection with the road,
that the Santa Fe is in practical control
of the line. A. A. Grant bog th» road ln
operation now as receiver. Santa Fe em
ploye? have been at work repairing and
placing the line in running order and the
hand of the Santa Fe is seen through all
of the recent operations of th«« little roa.l.
The suit Grant brings te designed to gain
possession of 20J of the 3i>4 bonds which
were claimed by Charles II. Smith, and
which the Circuit Court recently decided
belonged to the estate of his father. Cap
tain John \V. Smith, who built the Cali
fornia and Nevada. As Charles Smith
holds the release of all. the other heirs to
any claim upon these bonds he was in a
position to transfer them at his own will.
That they have been sold to A. A. Grant
Is the Litter's claim, and he now demands
that the California Pafe Deposit and Trust
Company, which holds them, shall sur
render the securities to him. This action
anticipates a suit expected to be brousrht
by C K. Kinir. as administrator of Cap
tain Smith's estate. No matter what will
be the result of this present suit, the
bonds must ultimately go to Grant under
his contract of purchase from Charles
Smith, who. with his assignments from
the heirs, held clear title to them.
EPILEPTIC'S BAD FALL
FROM A GROCERY WAGON
OAKLAND. Aus. 27.— Edward Parker,
a driver for Rouse & Co.. fell from the
seat of his wagon this morning and struck
on the back of his head. He was ren
dered unconscious by the fall and was
picked up and hurried to the Receiving
Hospital. There it was at first supposed
that the man had suffered a fracture at
the bp?e of the skull and that his injuries
were serious.
This evening Parker recovered con
sciousness and was removed to his homo
3770 Grove street. His wife stated to the
hospital attendants that he was a victim
of epilepsy and that probably a suddea
fit caused him to fall. The injured man
sustained a slight concussion of the brain
and will recover.
CEREMONIOUS OLD PEOPLE.
Every now and then an elderly married
couple will be met who address each other
wltn the stateliness that was customary
thirty years ago. The husband is "Mr
«. 1. to the wife - antl the wnfe is usuallv
Mother to the husband. Nothing less
conventional is ever heard from them;
Indeed, neither might have a first name
for all the use that his better half makes
rh J i u n l eou dn 't call your father
C vL arIie .' a , < l uIe t little woman said the
other day In answer to her daughter's
giblngs. "why it wouldn't be respectful.
I never did ln my life, and I certainly
wouldn t now, when you are all grown "
But what did you call him when you
were engaged," persisted her inquisitor
lou surely didn't go around then calling
each other Mr. Jones and Miss Smith."
' U e didn't always." replied the little
woman, evasively, "but 1 liked to give
him his title even then— it's more respect
ful—much more respectful."
"I'd rather have more affection and le««3
respect. ' said the daughter, rebelliouslv
It doesn't sound as if you had anything
but a bowing acquaintance with him when
you say Mister all the time. I'm going to
call my husband Fritz whether it's his
name or not. it-has such a Jolly air"
And the average married couple of this
clay and age. with a fine disregard for re
spect and old-fashioned courtesy usually
call each other by a nickname of varying
degrees of beauty, and which has often
times a remote connection with the one
given them ln baptism. But, after all
one likes this way better than the stiff
conventionality which led a woman all
through a married life of thirty or forty
years to address her liege lord as Mister
bmith, or Jones, or Brown. Just as though
he were verily her master and she were
living In medieval times when exaggerated
politeness marked the Intercourse between
men and women. — Baltimore News.
MITT CASE
IS NOW BEFORE
SUPERIOR COURT
Hearing of Attorney Phil
brook's Petition by
Judge Sweeney.
His Charges of Conspiracy Are
Answered by Accused, Who
Strongly Denounce Dis
barred Practitioner.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. Aug. 2T.
The Merritt guardianship cases have
finally gone to trial. After many attempts
to secure a Judge favorable to both side-*
Horace W. PhUbrook'S petition was pre
sented this morning. before Judge Sweeney
of Shasta County, fitting In place oi
Judge Greene. Philnmok appeared in rtia
own behalf and the Merritis were repre
sented by Attorneys Emil Nusbaumer.
George W. Reed. F. A. l'.usley and G. L.
Frlck. ,
The greater part of the day waa de
voted to the hearing of KniU.rooks peti
tion and argument. Sltong language was
used on both sides and Judge Sweeney
was frequently obliged to quell riains
siorms. . ¦
Phllbrook read his petition, wnich made
charges of fraud «n<t conspiracy against
the attorneys for Frederic* A. and Jam*-a
P. Merritt. Philbronk went deep Into the
history of the Merritt family from the
death of Dr. Samuel Merritt in 1SI»>. He.
followed the old physician's million.*
through the hands of Mrs«. Catherine G;tr
celon to her many bcncScteriei and th«
so-called "Knowles :m.>.t." which was the
custodian of the -?t.ite left to her
nephews, the Merritt hoys. The breaking
of the trust after the death of »I. fc.
Knowles. he declared, was the result of
a gigantic conspiracy to defraud the Mer
ritts, Fred A. and James P.. of the hall
mi'.llon dollar estate ittt to them by their
"I intend to show." continued Phllbrook.
"that for vears the Merrills have b*e:i
be=pt by all sorts of unprincipled peopie
wh.. were going after their property a.*
wolves would pursue a wounded bison.
The mental weakness of Frederick A. an«l
James P. Merritt prevents them from
transacting business as they should. Con
sequently they have suffered losses^ t^
will their young children If they are not
placed under proper guardianship. Cer
tainly the parents of these children have
not demonstrated their fitness to act as
guardians because they are now engag^'l
in the very act of robbing their own off
spring."
Most of Phllbrooks argument was alorti;
these lines, he endeavoring to show tbu
court that the brothers had been cheated
and are constantly being swindled. He
referred sarcastically as a proof of their
incompetency to the small annuities be
cjtieathed la the two ntphews by Dr. Sam
uel Merritt.
"Frederick or Janus Merritt." said
Phllbrook. "would sign any paper— even
a death warrant— if influenced by the
proper persons."
With relation to the alleged conspiracy
to break the Knnwlea trust and loot the
Merrltts Phllbrook accused Attorney
George W. Reed of hcuiff the man who
laid the plans for the deal. He declared
that it was Heed who :aw to it that tht-ro
was a vacancy In the Superior bench of
this county and that A 1^. Frick was ap
pointed by Governor Markham to the va
cancy. The petitioner then attacked
Frick's judgment in the trust case an.l
charged him with being a coconspirator
with Reed, Nusbaumer and a long list of
others.
When Phllbrook concluded Attorney
Bosley read and filed an amended answer
to the petition. The document denied
specifically the charges made by the peti
tioner and ascribed his actions to a men
tal order and to his utter vlctousness.
: On behalf of the Merritts It was set forth
i that Philnrook was a stranger to them;
! that he had no legal right to guardian-
I ship, and that he was not a fit person
i to control the estate of the Merritt chll
1 dren.
In response to an allusion by Phi!
i brook to his disbarment as an attorney.
; Attorney Emil Nusbaumer arose with this
! motion:
"We move. If your Honor please, that
this tirade against the bench and bar of
this State be discontinued: also that ail
references to this man's disbarment be
left out."
Judge Sweeney ordered th*« petitioner to
refrain from making allusions to the
i judgments rendered by any courts and to
take care not to make slanderous state
ments.
In answering Philbrook's opening argu
ment Attorney Bosley offered on behalf
of his clients and counsel to admit cer
tain evidence with regard to the alleged
trust frauds, and after argument to sub
mit the case on briefs. He made this
suggestion, he said, to save. If possible,
a month's time. "If It Is proved that a
guardian is reeded for the children of
Frederick and James Merritt." he said.
"we are willing that one should be ap
pointed, but object at all times to the
selection of thi3 petitioner, who. we al
lege, is rot a fit and proper person. We
are surprised at the effrontery of this
man in this case. He comes here as an
utter stranger seeking to antagonize par
ents and children. His acknowledged
financial Insolvency Is sufficient ground to
prevent his appointment. There are plenty
of good, honest men who might be giTen
the guardianship."
When his associate hart concluded Emil
Nusbaumer spoke ln defense of ex-Judge
A. L. Frick. against whom Phllbrook'a
denunciations had been m^st bitter.
"Here Is a man who comes here with
a disordered nnd diseased, mind." saM
Mr. Nusbaumer, "and hurls accusations
about Indiscriminately. He has repeated
ly Insulted the bench and bar of the State
and makes specific charges against Judge
Frick. Either because of his own vlcious
nrss or because he Is urged on by tho
vlclousnesa of others, he attacks a deci
sion rendered by an honest and imp-trtlal
Judge.
"This man Phllhrook fcrts filed th's pet'
tion to harass the Merritt boys because
they refused hia demands for money. Tn«
document was not filed until a month
after he made a proposition to us to stay
proceedings If we would give him JGOO to
go to Washington and appear ln the
case before the United States Supreme
Court. The truth of the matter Is ..e
wanted to present his disbarment case
before the tribunal Instead of matters
concerning the Merritt Interests."
Judge tweenoy continued the case until
to-morrow morning for further argument.
He remarked that the only question, ap
parently, to be settled was whether the
minor children of the Merritt family were
possessed of property and whethjrr a
guardian was needed. That point settled,
it would then be determined If the peti
tioner was the proper person.
SEMPERVIRENS CLUB
AFTER POLITICIANS
The Sempervlrens Club met last ni.ifht
at the Palace Hotel. But little business
was transacted. The most Important pro
ceeding was the reading of reports cov
ering matters considered at the last meet
ing. It was announced that the Repub
lican County Committee of Santa Clara
County had adopted a resolution urging
the Republican State Convention to em
body in Its platform a resolution favoring
the purchase of the Big Basin and Cer
tain sections of redwood lands adjoining?
that natural park.
The members of the club feel en
couraged over the progress they arc mak
ing and feel confident that they will ac
complish their worthy object, namely, th«j
salvation of the magnificent field of red
wood above mentioned. A committee waa
appointed to attend the State conventions
of the two parties and urge the adoption
of the proposed resolution.
Legend of the Blarney Stone.
The remains of the ancient Blarney cat
tle lie about four miles northwest of the
city of Cork. Ireland. Tradition makes it
the interesting scene of a siege earlv In
the seventeenth century, when the "lord
of the castle, who had been taken Dris
oner by the English, held out In his fort
ress for a long time by the adroit and
plausible promises that he would surren- ¦
der. Whenever the critical time came '
however, he was always ready with a' !
good excuse. It was from his "inventive !
manner of putting off the besiegers by his I
soft. Insinuating speech that the term 1
blarney became a standard expression '
The celebrated blarney-stone, to which is
ascribed the marvelous power of bestow
ing upon any one who kisses It a persua- i
sive. fluent and not overhonest tonrue I
has an origin founded on vague superst 1 - i
tion. firmly grounded In the minds of the '
Irish peasantry, hundreds of whom gather I
there annually for the purpose of klsstnir
the stone and receiving the power with
which It Is supposed to be possessed Ita i
exact location in the ruins \s a matter of
dispute. By some It Is claimed that it Is
lying loose on the ground; others place It
at the summit of the large square tower I
which was originally the dungeon of the !
castle; still others maintain It la Inserted i
In the wall at such a height that In order '
to consummate the osculatory ceremony !
the person must be suspended by his heels '
from the top. "When or how the stone •
obtained Its singular reputation." says the !
writer, "It Is difficult to determine; the i
exact position among the ruins of the cas- I
tie is also In doubt; the peasant guides'
humor the visitor according to his capac- i
lty for climbing, and direct either to the
summit or the base the attention of him
who desires to- 'greet It with a holy
kiss.' "—Detroit Free Press. ;
a nickel a shot. The best score at the
end of the week will win the handsome
medal.
Private Ben Burns, who pulled all the
tents down at the last League camp, as
sists ln handling the coin at the rifle, gal
lery. 'Holly Park booth is presided over
by Mrs. Morrison. She has the assistance
of Mrs. McCann. Mrs. John Flannlgan,
Mrs. M. Rlordan, Mrs. John McGee,
Misses Nellie McCann and Susie McCann.
The ice cream and refreshment booth la
tastefully decorated ln blue and gold. You
can get anything ln the refreshment line
by calling on Mrs. Annie Cherry. She has
the help of Mrs. Ellen Chambers, Mrs.
John Daly. Misses ¦ Ellen Lynn. Kittle
Lynn, Mnmle* O'Brien, TlUIe Schwab and
Grace Zella. T
St. Patrick's booth is decorated hand
somely In green and white, with sliver
stars. Mrs. Dennlson has charge of this
booth. . She has with her Mrs. Greely.
Mrs. John Tnmony. Mrs. John, Heines and
Misses Murphy, Kittle Dennlson and Kit
tle Henneberry.
St. John's booth Is attended to by Mrs.
Richardson. Mrs. O'Dea. Misses Lester.
Katherlne Doyle. Mrs. McMann and Miss
MaV Miland.
• Mrs. John Mitchell. Mrs. James Rellly.
Mrs. James Fny. Misses Etta Walsh,
O'Farrell and Kate Melnckey look ifter
St. Anthony's booth.
The soda fountain Is being conducted by
the young- ladles fro'm Sacred Heart par
ish. The ladies are chaperoned by Mrs.
M. Supple. They are Misses Francis Slat
terv,« McHtieh. Mltehen. Nora Coughlan
and Knte Supple.
The attendance will be very large to
night. If you wish to visit the fair take
a Mission-street car and fell the con
ductor and he will put you off at the door.
Young Temperance Advocates.
The Young People's Christian Temper
ance Union held its regular monthly meet-
Ing at Young Men's Christian Association
building last night. A vote of thanks was
tendered to Chief of Police Sullivan for
his effort to suppress the dives of thi3
city. A committee was appointed to co
operate with the Prohibitionists ln ar
ranging a meting for September S at Met
ropolitan Temple, at which. John O.
Woolley. Prohibition standard-bearer, wUl
speak.
The bride's true name given in the mar
riage license is Neltje Lyons, a native of
Holland, 35 years old, the same age as her
husband.
Among the guests at the wedding were:
Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Orellin. Mr. and Mrs.
C. U. Crellin of Pleas.inton. Mrs. Herbert
Holman of Portland. Miss Crellin, Mis?
Laura Crellin. Stanlev Crellin, Mr. and
Mrs. Folsom of San Mateo. Mr. and Mrs.
Walter Dean. Mr. and Mrs. Doane, MIhs.
Vanners, Walter Morgan. Fred Morgan,
Clarence Doane, Mrs. Mackny, Miss Mac
kay and Mrs. de Grccr of San Francisco.
With this marriage the operatic stage
loses ur.e of its greatest exponents. Mrs.
Crellin has an uncompleted contract in
San Francisco, which she may fill. That
will be her farewell to the world in which
she has been so eminently successful.
The Rev. Robert Ritchie, rector of St.
Paul's Episcopal Church, was the officiat
ing clergyman. After the ceremony, a
wedding breakfast was served. Mr. and
Mrs. Crellin departed for a week's wed
ding tour, after which their home will be
at the Occidental Hotel. San Francisco.
The bride's gown was an imported cro
atlon of lace and cut velvet, slashed with
a delicate satin- of pink. The wedding
bouquet was mnde of lilies of the valley.
The general color scheme was in pink
and white.
OPERA SINGER AND CAPI
TALIST, WHO WERE MAR
RIED.
ACTOR CLAY CLEMENT
BACK FROM AUSTRALIA
With L. R. Stockwell He Will Appear
at the Columbia Shortly in "No
Thoroughfare."
Th«» pretty little French melodrama,
"Frou-Frou." produced last evening at the
Alcazar Theater, la apparently destined
to keep tile house full during the remain
der of tht week. In fact, this ha* been
almost accomplished by the advance sale
of tickets; This to pome extent may bo
p.ttribtited'to the fact that It 1b the last
wefk of Jlise Florence Roberts' engage
ment here.! and the actress' many friends
take th's neans of giving her a good send
off. Miss Ttoberts In the leading role of
Alcazar.
The r.exr j>eople at the Orpheura this
•w*-*>lt a-e up to tne "all-star" standard
ftxed by the Orpheum managemont and
catch ot, as naturally as a girl to a Klon
<2iher. I- vender and Thompson have tal
ent of the firpt order, but a very poor
fcketch ln which to display It. The song
by the lacy was sweetly and effectively
s-ung and the applause she received waa
.'if well earned a« it was hearty, for the
Orpheum ai.'ilence appreciates good style
when it pees n. The "Tobins know how to
make a bra^s horn coo as gently as a
"suckling" dive, and to swell Into strid
ent strains, s^ch as cummon men to arms
and stir the p.l*es of the most phlegmatic
audiences. Dr«-R S pults and overcoats are
appropriately worn by the Yoscary troupe
of comedy acrobats from the Winter Gar
don at Berlin. They do surprisingly agile
things in mid-t-.r without breaking their
jiecks. The hoovers are as welcome ns
«vfr- Arnim and Wagner, Caroline Hull,
Macart's dogs at.d monkeys, Lew Haw
kisijr?. the Nfwsky Family and the Ameri
can bJopraph.
Orphenm.
Anna. Llehter is always a conscientious
artist. Her beautiful natural voice is not
aJv ays well used; her method occasion
ail} slips into commonplace, but her
Amelia last evening ln places was rarely
Wi 11 eunz, and ehe looked the part with
acclimation. Repetto is well cast as Os
ta-r. 'he page, and Poletinl did fairly well
as Ulrica.
Rufso's Ricaxdo might have been
eiightly more dignified ln conception with
advantage. For example, a lover, espe
< inlly a grand ojK-ra lover, should hardly
it-ave hts lady ln such predicament as that
of Amelia in the third act with the light
some airlmss with which S!gnor Russo
flatly footrd it oft the stage after the
hust.and discovers them together. But
the fine tenor is !n rare condition; he has
a voice with which anything: may be
dine, and avails himself of most of its
opportunities. At tlm^s. when In concert
¦with the lighter women's voices, its splen
did volume might be restrained with ad
vantage to the ensemble. Ferrari's is an
other great voice, and some of his work
;iji llenato was exceptionally good, but
the. fcterr.aJ vibrato, rendering the pitch
more ¦ than doubtful. Is most irritating.
I'icolini and Quinto Zani did some effec
t;/e work as the two enemies (basso) of
ti.<* count.
"l"n BaJlo ln Masrhfra" was first pro
duced ln Rome, Just forty years agi, and
Ix-ars inherent witness of its compara^
lively ancient origin. Though it contains
a f<-w good solos for the principals — to
which reason alone can its continued
presence on the operatic stage be attrib
uted—the opora Is throughout heavy, dis
connected, subject to foolifih breaks and
<jf an orchestration absolutely childish in
device. It its even lacking in the frank
tunefulness which Is the saving element
in the older Italian operas, and is only
tarried by the pood work of the princi
pal* in this week's programme — Russo.
i-'trT&ri. lit-petto. LJchter. Poletinl, Nlco
lir:i and Zani.
"Tli*' Masked Ball." one of the earlier
Verdi operas, was given last evening at
The- Tivoli Opera-house to a goodly audi
ence of this raastf r's admirers.
Mr. IifT.nan as Btyver and Mr. Mon
taine as the Public Prosecutor were capi
lai; the latter especially showed a tragic
power «3i>ite unsupported by those who
have knewn him only as an extremely
cl» •'.•< r li^ht comedian.
T;;- mob is Pimply glorious, and reflects
Immense credit upon Mr. Miller and Mr.
Bpear. who trained them.
n conclusion. Is this a great play?
No, this is not a great play.
'••\ hai ir.aKfs it j=ucn a success, then?
Two things: First, the association we
bring to it. born of the wonderful literary
skill of cne man. Charles Dickens; second.
the vividness and power displayed in the
.scting of another man. Henry Miller.
That is all; but that is enough.
L. DU PONT SYLE.
"TivoliT
A 6 to the support. It w»»re absurd
I" iit»r.y that the company has been la
r.enianly weakened by the departure of
yi-s Ar.glin. Miss Dale and Mr. Walcott.
To begin with Mr. Stoddart— a lovely old
gentleman wjo hug forgotten more about
acting: than I over knew, yet who has
also forgotten that the first duty of an
actor is to make the audience hear vhat
ht- has to say. If Mr. ISioddart would
only ohey the Injunction of the Irish ser
vant, "Fall out of line and look at your
k '.f. " he would realize that while he 1%
blffaly lookable he is also distinctly in
liudihle beyond the twelfth row. Mr. Mor
gan r.lays De Farge with that monotony
vhieh seems to be sottling into a manner
is-m with him; moreover, he neither dress
< • nor looks the character and is therefore
quite unconvincing to any one who knows
vhat the keeper of a Saint Antolne cab
ar«-t rcaily is. 'Tin surely not too much to
expect an actor like Mr. Morgan to
acquire some knowledge of the social life
of the time and locality ln which his char
acter is posited, and to govern himself ac
crrdingrly. Mr. Hsrkins plays De Manette
with a coldness and precision that are the
<ract opposite cf the qualities given that
character in the book, thus compelling
many in the audience to make an uncom
fortable readjustment of ideas before they
< an beg-in to enjey hi3 work. This Is pure
ly a pity. As to Mr. Worthing'* lover.
Oh, th*>r<« are word* for other assies
I Jut none for th!»!
Alas! Alas! Is this the *nme Worthing
that used to play so fWy a. Colonel West
to BXlfiS Bates in the old "Shenandoah"
tiays? It seems almost incredible. Either
Time ha.«« chilled or Ape ha? staled his
variety of lover. Mr. Worthing 1 should
take a severe course ln "Heavy VJUIans"
wnUl First Lever r=rts can come to him
dir-e mere with new and frc-fh emotion.
IT is fortunate indeed for Mr. Frchnian
that Henry Mill*- r is such a good actor,
for tlM excellence of his performance
5n "The Only Way"' covercth a multi
tude of sins, both in the play a.nd in the
other aciors.
Kiret. as to the play. Although Mr.
Wills' cramai Ization is undoubtedly the
best yet mace, it leaves much to be de-
E'.red. Its radical defect, it se<»ms to me.
i^ that it a^umes every one in the audi
euoe to be perfectly familiar with "A Tale
of Two Cities'"— a dangerous assumption
indeed. And even to those familiar with
t::at story, the dialogue in the prolojruw
ana in the second act seems a thing of
s-.irods and patches rather than a well
woven, consistent whol£.
Ln ih.-s-e two portions of the play char
acters are not skillfully introduced oy
l^res had wing, but are hurriedly thrust
vpon Hit stage; situations are not led up
ij but arc sprung. All this produces an
ur.even. jarring effect and reduces to
perilously r.^ar the ridiculous passages
i».;u were intended to be sublime. Noin
irg but Mr. Miller's strenuous exertion
I pa the climax of the second act from
Idil.ng utterly iiat.
Tne salvation of the piece lies in the
first ixr.ti third acts, both of which possess
tinity, logic ana suspense. They center
around the sirang*- personality ot Carton.
a personality (Those moods, shifting and
««rtabl<> u the quivering aspen -shade.
Sir. Miller has caught am fixed indelibly
in our memories by an art at once rare,
delicate and strong.
txiuTTfJ like Or<»«tcs by the Furies' rod.
Uke him. a: lsst. thy i.*>ao«; thnu <Jo'i>t inherit;
Eih.Ii;rg wtem. men say: "How fairer far
'j fc&n all tlie lixeil elans, the wandering star'."
Developed With a Proper
Artistic Eff:ct.
Characters Are Not Skillfully Intro
duced and Situations Are Not
Some of the Dialogue Noth
ing More Than Shreds '
aud Patches
MILLER'S ACTING
ALONE REDEEMS
"THE ONLY WAY"
Before going into executive session, th*.
committee referred the plumbing ordi
nance to the Board of Health for its ap
proval.
The School Board's estimate for $2oO.OoO
was cut $63,000. It was recommended that
JnO.000 bo set aside for a manual training
school. The committee recommended
that bonds be issued for the permanent
paving of East Fourteenth street, from
Thirteenth to Twenty-fifth avenue: Tele
graph avenue, from Sixteenth to Thirty
sixth street: San Pablo avenue, from
Fourteenth to Thirty-sixth street, and
Franklin street, from Water to Four
teenth.
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— Councilman Louis
Schaffer refused to go into executive ses
sion with the Council committee of the
whole to-night when a retirement was
taken to discuss the projected bond issue.
Stating his dislike to transact public busi
ness behind closed doors. Schaffer took
his hat and left the City Hall.
Schaffer Leaves the Chamber.
"Annexation would reduce our taxation,
the cost of operating our government and
would solve many of the problems which
now confront us in the tax levy. It is a
matter which rests with the people of
Alameda."
"Yes." declared Councilman Glrard, "if
Alameda could be induced to unite with
this city it would mean a big saving to us
all along the line. I would be in favor of
consolidation, hut it looks to me now as if
the sentiment of Alameda is against that
proposition."
Mayor Snow said:
"If the city of Oakland drslres to se
cure a harbor frontage which will be free
from entanglements, why not start a cam
paign to consolidate the cities of Oakland
and Abirrcdn. nnd thus give a continuous
line of frontage and greatly increase the
facilities for shipping?
"As it Is now," continued Counciluman
Mott. "Oakland has one side. Alarneda the
other side an.l the Government has the
center of the estuary. If the two cities
were united a comprehensive and com
plete scheme of harbor improvement could
be devised, and. I think, carried through
with good result."
Councilman Cuvelier declared that
would be a good solution of the problem
"The people of Oakland would have a
great deal to gain by such a move," he
said.
OAKLAND. Aug. 27.— To annex. the c!ty
of Alameda to Oakland for the purpose
of securing an undivided water frontage
on the estuary for Oakland is the propo
sition that was advanced to-night by City
Councilman Frank K. Mott, who is keenly
interested in the development of the har
bor facilities of this city. The matter
came up during a discussion concerning
the proposed bond issue and the act'on
which the Council would take concerning
the West Oakland wharf project. The
proposition was made by Councilman
Mott in this wise:
Believes Such a Move Would Solve
the- Problem of an Adequate
Harbor Front for the
Municipality.
Councilman Molt Proposes
Auuexation of ihe
WOULD MAKE
OAKLAND AND
ALAMEDA ONE
FORSAKES STAGE FOR
LIFE OF WEDDED BLISS
Operatic Star at Quiet Wedding Be
comes Wife of Well-Known
Business Man.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1000;
THEATRICAL STARS WILL JOIN PORTUTTES.
Alta.
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1900.
12
SAX FHAXCI5CO CALL.
Ht'SINKSS OFFICE cf The Pan Francleco
Cell, cor.w of Market and Third streets, open
vrtil 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BXtAKCH OFFiCEt?— J27 Montgomery ttreet,
f»nir Clny; ai~~a ur.lll 5:30 p. re.
r.ft0 Hsjof Ftre-"t; oixin until 0:Z9 n. m.
<TS MrAlliFtT strrct; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
CQ LaiWa ctreet: open until >:30 p. m.
JMl M'.JFicn ttrec-t; cpen until 15 p. m.
r.fl Market etreet. corr.er Sixteenth; open
tr:t:i !• t>. nv. y
IX Eleventh r'reet; open until 9 p. mf
VttH Valencia street; < vn ur.t'.l J p. m.
Nort invest corner Twer.ty-reconi end Ken-
ti'Pkr r'ir<'tf=; cpen y^itil 9 p. m.
~ KECTIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. Z, n. A. M., m
will meet THIS - CTUESPAT) EVEN- JV J
3NC-. Aup. r>. nt 7:2) orlo«k. M. M. t5w2?
Ct-srce. Ry onJ»»r of the H. P. '
FRANKLIN* H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDHN <"!ATE Lod^e No. 2<\ F. and a
A. «.— THIS (TUESDAY} EVF.NINO ,*K
nt 7:K» o' flock. Second degree. *^>' /*. 3\
order of the W. M. ' v<
EDWIN L. ME YDn. Secretary.
Onii:NTAL L^dce No. U4. F. and A. »
St— Third deer.- THIS (TUKSDAY) JV
EVENING at 7:3* o'clock. 7S3?
A. S. HtmBARP. Secretary. r*&*
PABJCSB Ixd^e No. 124. I. O. O.
P.— Initiatory <1»vrre« THIS ~g&&£f£Z.
(TUESDAV) EVENING. "^^t^^-"
V. F. NORTHROP. N\ G. Tn***
TRIUMPH LODGE NO. 1*0. A. O.- U. W. V <>:H$>
Officers :ir.a M »ir.brr5- You are notified i££i*Z
tr> meet at ymr hall for the T-urpoee of Wjjlftj
r.^tT'5'.r.g the funeral of out late *A*^ i
Rrother Jsme» narrower. Wednesday, Aug.
3 *:*¦> a ra. D. B. RICHARDS. M. W.
J. II. CATTRAN. Recorder.
PE2CIEL carr.r> meeting. Ueulah Park, East
Oakland. Beit, 1 to Pert. 1^
STOCK HOLDERS' ir.eetirs— The California
Dnd'^cl' Company.— Notice is hereby given
that a meeting of the Etookholders of the Tha
California Prydr-ck Company wl'.l be heia at
the office ct paid company. No. S32 California J
»treet. f«r. Franc'rco. California, en THCI'.S-
DAT, August 20. I9?0. at the hour cl 11 o'clock j
» m. cf that ca5\ fcr the purpose of deter- I
rr.!nir.e nheiher raid corporation shall be dls-
fnlve^. and cf voting upon a propeiition to
£l*«?:i« the corrcratlcn. and for the trari!.-
«"~ti!>r> of F.ucii oth»r bus:;:»«s as snay come
before the :n*-*t:rx. Ev crd-r it the b.iard oi
eireetora. W. r. RUSSELL.
tiecretary The Callforria Drycccic Company.
ACEXTS WAXTED.
GII.T-nr»CTi: proposition; polished lady cr ren-
ttetasa, «rtth wit end al!i:ty. will be well j
remunerated by a.V.rersinff box 4fl5, Call. :
NEW BovdUes; embossed fcrcr.ze N. S. G. W.
EOOVC&trs; larpe profit*. EM Mission st.
AGENTS of ability and experience in life insur-
ance. Call at room 191, S?7 Market, cor. Sixth.
VE lianJ> r.ewert novelties fcr apents. PA-
C1FIC AOEN'TP SCPPLY CO.. 34G1 ISth St.
ASTROLOGV.
"MME. 1HCK.ET. artroloplst: get j-our horoscor*
¦with rnll explanation of your future, 50c; card
re*<!ir.c ar<3 palrniFtry. 25c. 1333 Mission st.
ATTOrOA'EYS AT LAW.
AI'Vl^E free; divorce law a specialty; private;
ro fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, at'y at :aw. *:>n Market. ccr.Stockton.
ADVICE free; It. \\ . KIN«i. ?27 Market Ft., r.
CL'7: a!! cut^cs and collections; motley loaned. |
I'KEE advice; divcrce law?, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mltcbelt, 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free: no charpe unless successful. W.
\Y. DAVIDSON. 1C7 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Fpreckel« bld£.. FC7 Mar-
ket *t.; consultation free; no fees in advance, j
CISTr.n. HERMAN J.. attorney. P27 Market •
? t.. r SI".: c.-wn eve. 7-?; consultation free. '
I
BATH CADIM2TS.
ROBCCSOX V; 4-panel »oldingr:door opens; Trro
end r&.fe. W. S. BP.OWN. cen. agt.. <26 F.llla.
UlSIMiSS CHANCES.
A— SGCO; SAL».>ON with S furnished rooms; rent
$4'; ilace <lv:ng a good busint-ss and is sur-
rounded by warehouses and factories: com-
i»«-r<lal lunch fr.vm 11 to 1 o'clock; a splendid ,
opening. Call U. G. WILKE. 2G'» Kearny et.
A- ii*: CO11NEK grocery and bar. -nith 4 11 v-
taz rooms; rer.t JIS : on t-anehez Et.; owner
E.ck !r, b*-d and must sWl «.t once; a rare J
<_h.in<-f-. Jt. O. \v;lke. W z Kearny *t.
A-?i'\-; iUKEl'.Y, 2 blocks south of Market
tt . place <-«tab. years; doing: a cm.I business; j
all feUire trwiV; rent HZ: 14 10 2 barrels :-er i
<i«y. Particulars K. O. WILKE. 16^ Kearny. j
A— S."-0; CO-'.XEn saloon in wholesale district:
?•slab, many years and d<>in»f a pood bodaesa;
rer.t J.'i'i; a f.iFt-clss? proitusitica. Call It. G.
__VVlLK.i:. 1'C'i Kearny et.
A— J7.V); CANDY Etorc end Icecream parlor la
<>^k:and; t«~a-.uirully furnished and a No. 1
ray;r.fT business; r*-nt S60; owner compelled
by :!! health to retire. See R. G. WILKE.
I0'i ivearay st.
A-*::" 1 : ';r.D-E.>TAB. resta'jrajit: close to
Chronicle- building; average receipts about rCO
per day; rent ill; a rplendld otTer: owner will
allow $ days' :ria!. Ca'.l It. G. WILKEX 2G'i
Kearny et. :
"mariox griffST.
7;s Market St.. rrK>m 3. Tel. Black 1«C3. i
All kinjs of businesses; these ere samples:
Cigar store; rent f!5; r.lce; central $K.(t f
r.rarnh bakery. <-ar.<ly and notions 300
}t'staurant: cleai^ Jl^>: 4 llvirur rooms S.".O
Frfit More, c'.pars. etc.; rer.t J3Q; paying.. 400 i
Delicatessen; <lcars $120; 4 living room;.. 4:>0 j
I'ir.ins-rcom: f.m class; all new €00 I
Wine business; 200^ gallons on hand 8';0 j
ftaticr.ery store; nice for lady.. 1100 }
Orocc-ry ar.d bar. SljO. S1300 and 1SCXJ :
lirnik stor«: ti;r stock: clears ISM month 2r.'X)
Fateana. $sw, $',M and &00
FOB rer.t— Restaurant at Liver-more en Main
St.: Jl tables, chair*, ran^e. fixtures: run-
nine orii»r; CiV rrK-mh. LANK &: CTj.. f,j Mkt.
fUCO-r.ELICACY slort»: receipt? 530 day; pood
::<*•!:: cbafoe location; I'viaz r^orrs; an ex-
pepUopal barg-Kln. LANE ~& CO., bC". Market.
J-s:"'— 2S BOOKS. 4 blocks Market and Kd-Jy;
ttvi oak :ui!i!ti:re: rf^nt o::iy J20; fir.e for j
tamfly; baitain. LAKE & CO . KS Market.
J"r,--OnOCHRY and bar: gcr-4 l<-^atir,n. $tfOO— i
(Jrrvery and bar; worth lnvestication. }2V4 — [
I'.cstatirsr.t, or.ur.trv t»wn: prr.rlts fZO.ftw In 7
y-nrs. KRKIXJ & IH'TTON, Sti Geary st. ;
frrifi-.CALOON: beston Market St.; paying $300 i
_nKfnth. KRKDO & PUTTPN. 35 Geary A.
f 1IT nn % ">;rri bakery and notion*: 3 rice I
rooms. KRF.IX) & DUTTOX. 36 Oary rt.
YJQ-- LADIES' tailcring and <Jrrs«makin* busl-
B*»: r«-t:i!r.j cause of talc. McLAUGHLIN
•t CO.. 7~'i ICarScet st.
tlM WBSTAOaAlCT; b.irga'n this day. Mo-
LAI.GHLIN & CO.. 777'4 Market st.
$:0-30— CORNER grocery and bar: bargain; this
day. MCLAUGHLIN A CO.. 777H Market st.
A— ilftfi; PAIITXTIM wanted : »73 punranteed!
rail ta-day. COV.IN<J. 71S Markrt rt. '
A RESTAfRANT: Iw^art of city; don't fall";
rali this day. COWING. 719 Market Bt.
A "¦'OrN'TRT hot^l and livery- stable: clears j
$3-?0 mo.; cauf. d<*c«h. COWING, 713 Market.
CORNER rrrocrry and bar for sal' 1 ; location I
o:-o of thr- best in the city; bargain; ettab- !
Ilrhed IS rears: rent r-Jieap. For particulars !
rait at room »C7. fourth floor, Parrott build- I
!rtr. San Francisco.
F< iR Mo<-— Thriving butcher burlneps In an In- I
t<r!or ban. For rnrticulary Inquire Bt Pa-
cific r.uichcrs' BavtAX Company, 770 Mission
et.. Hup. Frar.cipeo.
SAVINGS HANK DEPOSITORS'. Her.4 a ,J.
dress your benefit. X. Y.. box 4010, Call office.
SSMALL uairy for tale: ISO per :nonth. Inquire '
T. II. fOLK. 1C02 32d rt.. East Oakland.
OVFTER ard clinn houxe for sale ch^ap en ac-
co'.int of dekneaa. Inquire at 6 EiRhth st.
SALOON op. busy street; doinc cood business.
Particulars IT. S. Brewery. 313 Fulton st.
r.r.STAlTRANT-Murt f^II Bt once ca account
cf etckaesa. 11s Dronun rt. j
RESTAURANT established 1« years fcr sale!
r*-a£oi!a l>!e. Inquire Call office.
t.v-0 <"AH1I, cr its «r<j'Jiva!<»nt, buys a paying
firrt-c. 1 .; ;s hardware l>uf!n<-sy la a growing ¦
tOWU Tvitfcin {• miles cf Sa.n Francisco; stock i
;;«•«• r ; nd complete; r*}en ehnv.ir.g a daily pro- !
Hi of jr.. A.Mress THOMPSON', mi Call big. !
tZ/*>— COAL and fec4 yjird and express busi- I
ikfs; 4 horfes an<l I srasona; rock! building; i
living ronrr.s; Jor^c lease; excellent chance;
tfcod location. C3S5 Sixteenth st. i
TO rent— For ccal yard, milic <2**p^t. rtc. ; fine !
location; place Is entirely covered; contain* 3
fta'.is: rent only J13; water fre». Inquire \VM I
EIEyPRlCKSOX & CO.. CM Call building. |
NEWLY furr.Ishrd. 9 rooms; permanent rootn- j
«rrs; r«-nt rrononablr; pootl reason for selling, j
Addrer? box 1C33. Call office. I
FOR EALI>-Countrj' t'uae chop. Fcr partictT-
laris ct tAy 233 Mason ft.
GTATIONEUY store. J7uO; no agents. Box 1C84.
•coil orc.-e. ,:... ..¦
ISfrrFlXE rciTcr saloon for cala. 1119 Harrt-
vou Ft.. «on>er Lar.srton.
VTAXTED — Tc buy ktstlonerr store for cash.
n.s :cTi>. c.->.:i.
COFFEK and tea routes supplied from GEO.
V>*. C A SWELL U CO.. 4(2 Sacramcr.to <t.
A PBAXCCB offlee for Call advertisement* and
mbscriptSoas has been established at 1W« W
U.r.-.i. »t.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE
ROOMING HOUSES
CITY AND COUNTRY HOTELS
LODGING HOUSES
BOARDING HOUSES
FLATS
PRIVATE HOMES
..CITY AND COUNTRY REAL ESTATE..
STORES AND BUSINESS PLACES
ALL SIZES AND PRICKS. GIVE ME A
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU. DECKER. 1020
Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
71S Market Et.. room No. 1. Tel. Black U03.
101 ro..ms,<MeK.int, No. 1. flrst-class $10.CM
Cr. rnop.'.s. fjnny cor., full, pay« well 5, MO
€2 rrv .ras, central, clean; $l-'>0 month 3.J00
I 44 room?, clean, new. full, part cas^i 3.CV)
sc rooms, transient cor. down town l.soo
13 roor:?, central, lull and p:of:tab!e.... 730
14 rocms, full of men roomer?, bargain. K'Ji
30 rooms. 4:.o. coo. soj. st:>, t£i. poo 200
I>o7.»ns more: came and flr.d out about them.
I have cvfh buyers. List your house with me.
A— 22-ROOM rooming- house; central $1000
ll-room house; $."C0 dnwn. balance easy.. 100
r''-roum house; first-class 10W
50-room house; all newly furnished 3100
ll-room hous". $175. 6-room flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
WE have buyers for pood lodKln* houses from
15 to w rooms: also for cheaper houses; if
you tvrviit to sell your house, call «nd see us.
EMERY A FMITJI. 3 TCddy, phone FoUomlSlS.
$4«> CASH will buy a pood house downtown:
bal. easy r-aymnts. Emery & Smith. 3 Eddy.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms: good locations;
hnnert value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers: money loaned; tn buy or sell your lodn-
infr-hmipe or furniture and secure satisfaction
write or call PCIIWEINHARD & CO., 917
Market St.. above Fifth; tel. Mint 1911.
11 ROOMS newly furnished; must sell JSOO
10-room flat: rent $32 50; bargain 350
C. D. DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market gt.
4S ROOMS; rnortcased; only $600 cash $2400
6T. rooms; finest house in city; $3300: suit nice
fnmlly. C. D. DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market St.
CAMPAIGN I'HOTO BUTTONS.
MFY of all kinds cf photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for cataloeue.
MInlnture Portrait Co.. 923 Market »t.. S. F.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wapons, buppies. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. £32 Mission.
NEW ,t 2d-hand waeron?. b;is:g:les. carts & har-
n^cf. work ft driving horses. ISth & Valencia.
CAttl'ET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become dlFSUSted, with poor work
pend to SPAULDINij'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 253-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
tlT. Stevenson St.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 2-13 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th st ; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth gt. ; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter sL;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden j
<5at<» ave. : telephone East 12S. '
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE: 6 rooms and bath: ?626 Market, bet.
i*ixteenth and Seventeenth; sunny side; J2fl.
COTTAGE 3 r<«.ms and bath. 3SC3 Twenty-
fifth St.: rent $S.
Sl'NNY eottase. 212H Perry St.; rent reason-
able. Apply O. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery st.
4 SUNNY rooms and yard. $10. 6 Rincon ave.. j
k»y £?3 Srcond st.
SPIIHTUALISSL
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual mediant; advice in all affairs of life;
lawsuit?, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed: mining a specialty; clrs. Sun.. Wed.. Fri.
eve's; <*o:ne and be convinced. (Permanently)
HI Eddy, bet. Hyde and Larkin: no sign.
HAVE WATSON' read your hand; correct to
life; occult medium; I5c anrl DOc; lucky and
true. ISO. Market St., near Twelfth.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night, convincing test 1
S o'clock. MRS. MAXWELL. 123S Howard St.;
r**atlir.£T5i daily.
MMF. MAJORS, gifted Eplritual medium and
h^lrr; satisfaction guaranteed. 1S2 Cth. r. 1.
MRP. KOTTER. 34 Sixth st.» circle to-d^y. 2 Sc
S r- rn.: 10c; sittings dally: O.. SI; L.. 50c.
MRP. HARLAND'S test meeting to-night; arti-
cles read: IOC; readings. K*c. $1. 14S Sixth st.
T P. MATOIETT will hold circle to-night. S
o'clock: J f 'c; test to all. 122 Fourth Ft.
MRS. LKSTKR-Circle this evening. 8 o'clock,
lOe: Fittincs daily. LOe. 127 Turk st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. dally; oonvinc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: rittirgs 81. 1104 Market.
CLAIKVOYAXTS.
MME. PORTKR. wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
dia^noyes disease with life r^adinps: ladies 50c:
Berts tl; r>a!m. & clair. sit. fl 50. 126 Turk st.
ISMAB, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
ria'.mift. j-ermanf r.tly located 114S Market, opp.
£th; private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MMK. EXAKEOX. paJm!=try. card reader; past,
present, future. 2.V. US Sixth ft., room 14.
MME. ZERF.DA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; ge. 7 Seventh: no sign.
MRS. REXXER. 12S Fern ave.. bot. Sutter and
Bush, nr. Po!k; planet reader; ladles only 2jc.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water it-a<I»r. moved to 11. 6th; German spokn.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212'4 Sixth st.
MMK. AUGUST, rlalrvoyant. card reader and I
raimfftry; truth or no pa?.-; 23c. 1143 MI«Mon. {
MJir. KAVEXXA reals life fluently: business ;
aSvire; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
UHB. SYBILLE— Cr3<il™ to grave; future hus-
bar.d'g picture. ZZc; ladles. 914 O'Farrell gt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEOEGE W. KELLY'S A g^ncj^N oTharge "u£
legs successful. Rocm 210. 927 Market st.
d Birr 1 sts.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, £03 Mar-
ket *t.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood blng., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; t»eth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
tt ."0 uj>: plates, extractions free. St 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9 n. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 3 to 2
p. m. <}. \V. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Mnnag-r.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned Trom
the Paris Exposition with tome of the finest
patents for r'nln^ess dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate. Vrown and bridge work; all
tverk warranted; plates, full *«>t, $5; fillings,
60c; crown. J3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, brldires
ar.d filllres: extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perieoce; no Etudents; advice free; prices
cheapest Rnd guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. CEQRGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
CROWN iir.d bridge work experts; our work Is
un«-x?e!Jed and our prices are the lowest; call
end M* our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere;. best of references; examlna- !
tlcm fn». DUfl. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019 I
' Market *t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TKETII extracted free; plates, $3; crowns. J3 E0;
bridge work, $3; all the latest methods for
palnieks dentistry; hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. in.
Modern Dental Parlors, lTOfi Market. cor.G. G.
DR. LUDLrM~HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like n»w; teeth
frcm $S per set; extracting, SOc^gas given.
DR. ALHERT HILL. 800 Market, cor. Stockton,
lor a perfect set of teeth ar.d te»th without
plates; lowest prices for best work.
PARIS Dental "parlor. ~235 KeanTy. cor. Bosh—
Full yet of teeth. J4; crowns. $3; filling.. 2ic.
VAX VROOM— "Palr.'rss"; evenlncs and Sun-
da>5. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET fif teeth without ulate. Dr! II. G.
Y^l'NT,. 1<I1 Polk ft.
UOC HOSPITALS.
DR. EUZARDS I>cg Ho*plUirPo^l^more^
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, tl 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel West CSC.
DU. Ci'.EKLV'SC. P. mar.Re cure and worm pills
by «lrui:gi«t< or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKEFtS AMI SKAMSTIIKSSES
McDOWELL Dressmaklnc and Millinery
¦ .School ; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market Bt.
6. F. Drt-ssmaklng. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
ilnwy School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDIOX pieatinr factors*: all kinds pleat-
lng. jinking. 121 Tost, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
1SDUCATIOXAL.
ATHES* I>u«lnei.s Col!eKC~72TSiaxket~etrriTfe
Fcholarrhlp. $S0. Inclu.-ies shorthand, typing,
bockkeeplnsr. telerra;.J.y; Oay and evening:
lust Hdflrd.. new business practice offices and
?(i rcr: tyrcwrite;*; ratalosue free.
UOOICrCEEPIXO. free trial; private leeeons; 8
mo:. In college net equal to 8 vrU*. with me;
$23. TARH, txptrt cccat.. 43 Parroit bids.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— THE LYCEUM, on accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIEHE. Lyceum Theater School of Acting,
210-312 O'Farrell Bt. : r ;.'•¦.-•:¦¦
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; if you want to
learn In a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 53. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining., mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
y?ar got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 12CG Marketj^
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. : founded 1SC3: 80-page catalogue free. .
CALIFORNIA Business College. 303 Larktn—
All branches: thorough; positions secured.
PIANO and German: pupil of Conservatory In
Leipsic: lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., t'ay or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. ¦ 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 374.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office:
best help turn.; tel. John 2121. S06V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 4114 O'Farrell st. : tel. East 4?6.
BUFLOTHBXT WANTED — K13MALE.
FRENCH nurseglrl wants a position; no Eng-
llsh. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook deelres situation;
best of references. MISS CULLEN, S25 Sutter.
RESPECTABLE woman, first-class cook, ele-
gant bread maker, particularly clean and
careful, will go as housekeeper or as cook
and take charge of lower floor In American
family; no windows and no washing; wages
nominal. 444% Third Bt., between Silver and
Bryant.
GOOD reppectable woman (American) needs
work very badly: can do any kind; good
housecleancr; wculd go by day. 12SH Fourth
ft., room 9.
A— FIRST-CLASS Scandinavian cook; under-
stands some French, German and American
cooking: wages $30; city or country. 726 Mis-
sion st.
A— SEAMSTRESS wishes a position In a pri-
vate family; city or country. Apply 1014
Treat ave.
DRESSMAKER, fully competent, wishes a few
more engagements In families or at home.
MRS, SMITH, room 14, 501 Post st.
SWEDISH girl of experience; good cook; also
housework; city reference; call from 10 to 5.
1050 Howard st., room 11.
WOMAN wishes work by day; washing or
house-cleaning. Call 611 Turk st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants place to do
Email family work: good cook and washer.
255 Eighth st., near Folsom.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation to do
housework or as nurse girl. Apply 14C9V4
Buchanan St.. in rear.
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor, $1 60 per day.
213 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation in
restaurant or boarding-house and as second
cook or helper. 242 Natoma St., basement.'
2 SCANDINAVIAN tlsters want situations to-
gether, one as cook, the other as second or
nurse girl. Call at 1427 Buchajian St., near
Ellis, in rear.
RESPECTABLE lady companion to elderly
lady or housekeeper for one to three persons;
elderly preferred; neat and economical; small
wages. Address box 400S. Call offlee.
WIDOW with 11-year-old child deelres position
as housekeeper; 2 years' references; country
preferred. 2S6 Shipley st.. near Sixth.
ELDERLY lady wishes situation to assist In
light housework; small pay. 23 Eddy St.,
room 24, first floor.
A YOUNG German woman desires work by the
day In private families. Add. box 4017. CaH:
RESPECTABLE woman with a child desires
situation as working housekeeper In small
family; city or country: good manager. 616
Carp Ft.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 right; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
ar.d liSgifng' to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands
hordes, cows and garden; reference. Address
214 Third St.. room 36.
YOUNG man wishes fo hear of a position in
tar or grocery store; first-class reference.
Box 4C3S. Cail office.
STEADY man, understands care of horses,
garden, can milk, good driver; willing and
obliging: good references. Address box 401J,
Call office.
A TEMPERATE young stationary engineer and
fireman, also rlrst-claes boxinaker. wishes sit-
uation. Address G. S., 8S6 Cedar St., West
Oakland.
CARPENTER and millwright: young, practi-
cal, all-round mechanic: city or country;
first-class references. Box 4011, Call office.
WANTED— Employment as practical nurse.
Address GEO. ROWE. 2624 Sutter st.
WANTED — Position by a practical landscape
gardener; Job by the day preferred. Address
box 2017, Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— A position-as night watchman: can
furnish first-class references. Address C.
HARTMAX. 127 Turk st. '^
YOUNG colored man wishes situation as por-
ter In saloon or cooking lunches for bar; best
references. SOS Chestnut st.
YOUNG man, good steady habit's, wishes to
l«>am the barber trade; willing to do the por-
ter work. Box' l?30. Call office.
FAITHFUL Japanses wants position at house-
work or plain cooking. H. M.. 121 Haight st.
JAPANESE young boy wants, a situation as
schoolboy In city. Address Y. S., BOO Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wishes
situation. Box 4001. Call office.
COACHMAN, young Englishman, wants situa-
tion, or general work or gent's place: best of
reference. Address box 16S9, Call office. „
LUM GONG, Chinese flrst-class cook, wants
position Ink boarding-house. Address 744
Wa shlngton st.
DXPEHT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
1u«ted. N". Manafnc oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
GOOD enterprises organized and financed; free
corporation pamphlet. Internat'l Finance Co.
(Lond.. N. Y.. Mex.), 40 Montg., r. 17, S. F.
IF vou have stocks or bonds of any kind for
Bale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DRR WRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
10 TO 30 DAYS FREE FLATS AND HOUSES?"
1SS0 Fell; f.. 10 r $35 53 Tr'm'nt av.; c 6 r.$20
1239 Leav'w'th: f. 9 r 40 215V4 Elm av.; f., G r. IS
1094 Page: f.. 4 r 20 650A Jessie; f.. S r... 9
133S Webster; f.. I r. 25 250 Tehama; f.. 6 r.. 10
A. M. SPECK & CO., GG7 Market st.
CALIFORNIA. 2911— Sunny flats of 7 rooms and
bath, with large basement.
CLEMENTINA, 358, near Fifth— Beautiful new
flat. 5 large sunny rooms; partly carpeted;
_$14.
CLEAN sunny upper flat, 6 rooms; grand view;
bath; storeroom. 1111 H Jones, nr. California.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma st.. between Eighth and Ninth.
IF you want to move get printed list {\a\ to let
from BALDWIN & HOWKLL, 10 Montgomery.
POWELL end Chestnut— 3 fine sunny flats,
3. 4 and 6 rooms, bath, each; rent. $12, $14. $22.
SACRAMENTO. 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; sun all
day; rent JI2 DO.
SUNNY fiat of 7 rooms and bath. 1226 Sacra-
mento st.
$?— SUNNY 3-room flat. }Z2S Jessie St., near
Hermann ; key next door;
$16— RAUSCH st_ ; 2 nice flats, one 3 and one 3
rocms; cheap rent.
$30— NEW upper flat. 8 rooms and bath. 2336
Pine st.. corner Btclner.
FiiATL. TO LET — FUItiMSIIKD.
FOR rent and sale— Partially furnished flat of
three rooms; two large connecting rooms and
kitchen, with rear landing; good sink And
stationary washstand and bathtub; north
front; partial view of. bay; two fireplaces,
stationary washtubs. Apply - Sunday morn-
ing between 9 and 11 o'clock at 20C6 Jones st.
near Filbert.
GOLDEN GATE ave., ,1000. corner Laguna—
Comfortable and very complete furnished flat
of C rooms :ir.d bath; plenty closets: nice
conservatory: a model home; side bay-win-
dows; Jefferson Park, fronting on Golden
Gate ave.: excellent neighborhood: six
months cr longer to rood tenant; price $13 por
month or will icll cheap. ,
FURSITURE FOR SALE.
OAK bedroom set of 6 pieces, $S. 816 Division
St.. bet. 17th and ISth. below Folsom; call 5:30
p. m. or Sundays.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 80. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE 6 nicely furnished rooms, cheap;
sunny corner. 232 O'Farrell St.; call a. m.
FURNITURE— S nicely furnished rooms for
tale cheap. Call at 38 Turk st.
FURKITUnt: WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1303 Larkln;teI.PolkC94;
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc.,' wanted.
M. Sllverstein, 1121 Market: tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry A Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
A CHAMBERMAID and seamstress. Oakland.
$20; 6 second girls, city. $25 and $20: second
Kill, country. $25; nurse girl, $13. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
TEN chambermaids and waitresses, city and
country. $20 and $25; chambermaid and wait-
ress, private boarding house, $1S, sleep home,
good place; restaurant waitresses, $6 and $7
per week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
LAUNDRESS, country $30; laundress, lnstltu-
tlon, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— German cook, no wash $35
Protestant cook, American family, no wash
Cook, small was'hi'i "in family *30
Cook, German Btyle, 8 In family $35
Cook, German etyle, 6 In family, no wash.. $30
Cook, wash and Iron, 4 in family $30
Girl general housework. 9 in family, no
wash $2a
General housework, small wash, 4 In fam-
ily $25
General housework, small wash, 6 in fam-
ily *25
Gc-neral housework, small wash, no windows
Scandinavian "girl," general housework, 2 In
family $25
Wanted— Girl, housework, small .wash. 4 in
family *-5
Cook. 15 boarders J 2 ->
Kitchen helper boarding housa 525
Plain laundress, hotel .....$25
73 girls, housework, in American and Jewish
families *23
Waitress and chambermaid, private family
$25
Second girl, plain sewing $20
Waitress, restaurant $< week
AVaitress. restaurant $<> week
6 waitresses, family hotels $20
Parlor maid and waitress, American family
Cook, parlor maid and waitress and cham-
bermaid, 3 servants for same American fam-
ily $30, {25 and $20
Nurse, care child 2 years $20
German nurse and seamstress $23
Protestant second girl $25
Protestant second girl, American family, wear
cap $25
2 seamstresses 55 and $7 week
Tailcress on repairing $3 week
6 second giria $20
Second girl, do 1 child's washing ,..*2S
Second girl, plain sewing, wear cap $23
Pantry girl, restaurant $*j
Cook. 35 boarders $30
French nursery governess $25
French second girl $25
Apply to J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress. Nevada State, $23, see party here;
2 more waitresses. Salt Lake City, $22 E0, fare
here; waitresses for Madera, Modesto, Wat-
eonvilie, Martinez, Fresno, Benlcla, Chlco and
city, $20 and $25; waitresses for the Santa Fe
eating houses, $20, free transportation; 2 lunch
-waitresses. $3 50 week, no Sunday work; 4
chambermaids to wait, $20; 3' fancy ironers,
country. $30; fancy Ironer, city, $35; 2 plain
laundresses, $20 and $23; 2 pantry girls, $20
and $25; camp cook for men. $40.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
HouscBlrl on a ranch, $20, to go to-night;
second girl for choice place in country. $2J
and fare; 000k, family of 4, Americans,
Berkeley. $25; cook for city. $23; cook, An-
tloch, J20, see party here, and 50 other good
places, city and country, too numerous to
enumerate. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WOMAN with a child, $25, city, to cook for
men. C. K, IIANSEN* & CO., 104 Geary St.
IDA ROSENOW, pantry girl, please call at
once. C. R. IIANSEN &. CO.. 104 Geary st.
I WANTED
j For institution, near city, a woman attend-
j ant at $23 per month, with board, room and
laundry; one with some nursing experience
I required. W. D. EWER & CO.. CIO Clay st.
I WANTED — Competent seamstress for an lns.il-
I tution, short distance in country, at $26 per
i' month, with board, room and laundry. W.
D. EWER & CO.. CIO Clay st.
1 SALESLADIES, makers and machine operator
j wanted; only experienced people con-
sidered. Apply to Manager Millinery Depart-
ment, Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
A COMPETENT girl for general htfusework In
a small family: German preferred. Apply
2S17 Scott St., near Union.
MAKERS wanted. New York Millinery, 1208
Market st.
! GIRL for cooking and general housework in
flat. 426 Scott tt.
• GIKL to do general housework in upper flat;
I small family; apply between 9 and 12 a. m.
I 1&C6 Green fit.
WILLING person for housework; good home;
country: family of 2. Box 4009, Call office.
GIRL for housework; plain washing; wagea
$15, evenings off. 1920 Sutter st.
I GIRL for general housework; must be a good
cook. 114 Devisadero st.
WANTED— An apprentice on dressmaking;
paid while learning. 523 Jones Bt.
WANTED — Thirty young ladles to tako part In 1
Pain's Battle cf San Juan. Call at Armory
Hall, 25 Page St., to-day.
COMPETENT girl to assist with housework:
call between 9 and 12 a. m. P93 McAllister st.
GERMAX or Scandinavian girl for general
housework; must be good cook; small wash-
ing; wages $23. 2C61 Central ave., Alameda.
WANTED, with references, a neat girl for
cooking and housework. Send name and ad-
dress to P. O. box 2274.
A YOUNG girl to learn dressmaking thorough-
ly. 512 Larkin St.
A DANISH girl for upstairs work. 513 Hickory
ave.. between Fell and Oak. ,
YOUNG girl wanted for light cooking for 2
j- persons; Spanish or Italian preferred. • S57
Hush st.
YOUNG girl, general housework, small fam-
ily; wages $20; after 9. 719 Cole st. N
GOOD tallorees and apprentice at once. Fash-
lon Tailoring Co.. 233 Ellis Bt.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman for housekeep-
ing in widower's family; good home; small
wages. 616 Post st.
A FIRST CLASS waist trimmer and errand
girl at once. 319 Powell Bt.
GIRL wanted to assist In general housework
and plain washing. 1115 Pierce at.
WANTED— Young girl: light housework. 4G5
Shotwell st., near Nineteenth.
WAITRESS wanted at 426 Geary St. Gen-nan
preferred.
WANTED— A dressmaker. 981 Folsom at.
A GIRL or woman to assist in housework;
plain cooking; $8. 312 Sanchez st.
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking. 347 Bart-
lett St., bet. Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth.
j WAXTED — Girl for cooking and housework.
617 Steiner at., near- Hayes.
GIRL for light housework; two In family. 1313
Golden Gate ave. ¦ '
GirtL to assist or do general housework. Call
762 Church st.
EXPERIENCED waitress. 129 Eduy Bt., IL
S. Hotel.
ELDERLY woman or girl under 15 to asslf >
with children; references; wages $10. 1904
Webster st. . '
j WANTED— Finisher on custom coats. 14 Ilar-
I riet st.
, WANTED — Apprentices and makers on fancy
1 feathers. Apply HOLM & NATHAN, whole-
I sale millinery, 612 Market Bt.
! GIRL for general housework across bay: small !
fnmlly: wages $25. 210S Broadway, city. !
GIRL for general housework. S63 Hayes st. '
FINISHERS on pants; steady work". S3S How-
ard St.. bet. 4th and Cth; over handball court. }
WANTEI>— Young girl for general housework; i
wages 320. 340 Page St., corner Buchanan. j
WANTED— Skirt hancTi ladles' tailor. 360 j
Geary st. ;
WANTED -Bright, all-round worker for store j
and kitchen; $20. 619 Post »t.
VEST hands wanted ; experienced operators,
finishers and pressers. E. II. LEVY, 513 !
Market st. -
FINISHERS and button-hole makers on coats;
steady work. F. TONNKR, 27 Battery gt.
WANTED— Girl for general housework and i
cooking. Call 9 to 12,-1420 Suttsr st.
FIRST-CLASS operator; also finisher on cus-
t»a pants. 623- Montgomery, r. 38, top flrjor.
I GTrtL for general housework and cooking;
I small family. Call 0 to 12 at 1S10 Laguna st. .
j FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also on vests.
I 411 H Kearny it; first floor. " . ' ; "
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
"WANTED— Middle-aged German woman light
housework; plain cooking; easy hrs. Can live
own home. Inquire after 1 p. m. 515 Pacific.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highe3t wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
Arply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave.. between Seventh
and Elshth sts., off Folsom.
WANTED— Neat young girl for general house-
work; Email family. 5C6 Eddy st.
WANTED— Good tailcress on custom coats; also
arwentlee. 027 Market st., room 623.
WANTED— An experienced waitress; none but
experienced need apply. 20 Third st.
GIRL to work on vests; also an apprentice. 517
Jessie st.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work: highest wages. Apply
CALIFORNIAN CANNERIES CO., LTD..
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted on ehlrts; young girls
taught: steady work: best pay. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. ID Battery st.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Orove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'a factory,
82V4 Fremont St.: no experience necessary;
good wages. Appty to MR. DAVIS.
WOOLEN mill help wanted— Boss finisher and
weavers on blankets; highest wages paid on
the coast; correspondence confidential. Apply
J. W. COLLINS, 7 and 9 Battery St.. city.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
$20. Box 40O6, Call office.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers: Eteom power: constant work. O. W.
REYNOLDS. 597 Mission st.. corner Second.
WANTED— A woman who can adapt herself
to special educational work; must travel. Box
4018. Call office.
COMPETENT cook; limited housework: Scan-
dinavian prfd; wages $25; refrs. 1909 Fac. ave.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
1072 Ellis st.. near Gough.
WANTED- First-class hairdresser, manicures
and hair workers, also apprentices, at COS-
OROVK'S. 141C Polk st. '
OPERATORS on vests and finishers on pants.
511 -Market St.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. £41 Market st.
GIRL; general housework; 3 adults, 1 child-
wages $20. 1904 Broadway.
LADY solicitors; proprietary preparation; ap-
peala to every woman. O. R. C-. box 1696.Cafl.
GIRLS for hand work on corsets. 231 Powell
street.
PRESSERS wanted on overshlrts. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 17 Battery st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
good pay. 27 Jessie st.. fifth floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et. •
HELP WAXTED-MALE.
A MAN to buy a route; good paying business.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
A— C. R. IIANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
1000 JtEN FOR NEW R. R. WORK
200 teamsters. Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfield $2 a day
20 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
10 laborers. Coast road J2 a day
20 tunnel men for big tunnel. Chatsworth
Park, Los Angeles County $2 to $2 50 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 free fare
FOR S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK
60 laborers for rock crusher $1 90 a day
20 laborers, different divisions $1 70 a day
100 laborers. Surf, Santa Barbara Co.$2 a day
Shl;i dally Fee $1 Free fare
C. K. HANSEN & CO 1M Geary St.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPAIXTMEXT.
Assistant clerk for this office; hotel clerk,
first class country hotel, $75; restaurant chef,
$S0; head cook, second cook, dishwasher, all
.for country restaurant: head cook, country
hotel. $60: head cook, country hotef, $35: cook,
hotel, $50; night cook. $30; baker, country
hotel, $43; second cook. Institution, country,
$40; third cook, country hotel, $35, fare ad-
vanced; oysterman. $40; lunchman. $30 to $00;
Scandinavian dishwasher. $30: dishwasher. In-
stitution, $25; bed malter, $30; typewriter,
country hotel, $20 to $25 and found; head
waiter, hotel, north, $55; head waiter, hotel,
Nevada, $iO, fare advanced; 6 waiters, country
hotels. $25 and $30: 2 porters, country hotels,
$J0; waiter, 'nurses' hall. $35; assistant baker.
$30; baker's helper. German. $25: billiard room
man, $30; three bell and elevator boys. $15 to
$20; shampooer. Turkish baths, north, $40;
laundryman and wife, institution, country,
$60: Iaundryman. Institution. $40; three ironers
and polishers, $33 to $J0; Iaundryman, country
hotel, plain work, $35 and found, fare ad-
vanced.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary at
FREE FARE FREE FARE
100 hop pickers. 90c a hundred, see party here.
C. R. IIANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt.
TWO vaquercs, $45; teamsters, $1 25; 2 handy
men about institution, $25 and $30; man for
stock yard. $20 to 525; assistant nursery man,
$20; farmers, choremen and others.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY.
62S Sacramento st.
TWO gardeners and wives. $40 and $60; milker
and wife. $40: 2 men for wine cellar and vine-
yard' $10 week; 3 more carpenters for coun-
try. |3 day. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY,
623 Sacramento st.
HORSESHOER, $2 50 to $3 day; 15 laborers for
mill and woods. $28 and board, go to-day, fare
advanced; 10 railroad laborers, fare paid:
woocismen and mechanics, millmen of all
kinds and ethers at going wages.
J. F. CROSF.TT AGENCY.
62S Sacramento st.
COOK for Mexico. $150: third cook, nice restau-
rant; $10: second cook, $S; cook, small hotel.
$30; I lunchmen, waijers. dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY.
62S Sacramento st.
MACHINIST fcr country; English or Scotch
gro(j>m, $25 and found; Iaundryman and wife,
$60 ;< Ironer and polisher, $2 day and board:
lrorer, $2 day and board. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY. 623 Sacramento Et.
WAITED
Driver for milk wagon, must have references,
$3.*)' and found
To eo to-dav; free fare; free fare: 20 rail-
road laborers, company work. $1 90 a day.
OfSce fee $1 .'...
A'fto 10 common laborers around sawmill and
yard, steady Job all winter, $28 and board,
fare advanced, fee boss here
10 fruit pickers $25 and found; screw turner,
•2 60 11 day, and carriage man. $J0 and board,
same mill, fare advanced
C miners. ?2 a day, and 6 laborers, $1 75 a day
and two-thirds fare paid
MIddle-ased man to run elevator and do
Janitor work, city, $35; 2 Swiss milkers, $30;
hostler, near city, $30 and found; waiter,
country hotel, $30, fare advanced; 2 farmers,
$20, near city; marker and counter for laun-
dry. J30 and $25" and found; blacksmith's
helper, $2 a day: baker, country shop, $45
ar.d found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
YOUNG man of good family; must be well
recommended; for Jewelry store; open even-
lnK.«; must understand bookkeeping and be
quick at .figures; permanent position; state
references and salary expected." Box 40C6,
Coll office.
WANTED — Young man stenographer and type-
writer, with knowledge of book-keeping and.
general office work; give age, experience and
salary expected. Box 4C03, Call office.
TWO Etlcker and two matcher hands In San
FrancUco manufacturing establishment;
steady 1 employment year round to suitable
men; wages $3 to $3 50. Box 4007, Call office.
_ r
WANTED— Walter at 1212 Fillmore st.
BOY wanted, about 15 years, to run errands.
0C.'» Larkin st.
WANTED— A mnn handy about restaurant
kitchen. 6 Eighth ?t.
BOY In printing office. Room 47, 819 Market st.
FIRST class platen pressman; best wages to
steady man. Room 47, MS Market st.
EXPERIENCED jewelry salesman for city
store, open evenings: state references and sol-
. ary required. Box 4035, Call office. ..
BOY or a man wanted to run elevator. FREY-
GANG-LEARY CO.. 113 Davis St.
EXPERIENCED man; position of responsibil-
ity; cashier cr collections; bond. Box 4013
Call office. ......
WANTED— Bushelmen: steady position; apply
.at once. RAPHAEL'S. ¦ -:
BOY to learn pressing on vests. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market Bt.
STRONG boy. 15 or 16. for butcher shon; ex-
perience not necessRrv. 1103 Leavenworth.
EX PEF.IENCED stock clerk in wholesale mil-'
• llrery house. Address, with references, box
4014. Cair office/ ', v : -
HELP AVAXTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 534S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want 7 a. m. to-day
WE SHIP FREE
Men for all parts of California, Utah, Wash-
ington. Arizona, Oregon. Colorado. Nevada
and Hawaiian. Islands.
Free fare and office fee only $1
Special to-day to the following districts:
DUNSMUIR REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO MENDOTA
Los Angeles. ...and Santa Barbara districts
Reno (Nev.) and Truckee districts
Crows Landing and Newman districts
San Luis and Surf districts
Bakersfleld and Madera districts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
and other points good wages
WE SHIP FREE come one, come all
It only costs $1 fee and no other expenses
come see
MURRAY & READY. 604-636 Clay St.
A— MECHANICAL AND OTHER HELP
Carpenters with or without tools for large
mining company, 13 to $3 50 day
6 carpenters, company work free fare
Wheelwright, country shop * 3 da y
13 blacksmiths and horseshoers. for shop^.
ranches, etc $49, $50 and found, $3 day
Tlmbermen, mining company $t day
Coopers '.bridge builders woodworkers
LOOK HERE FOR HANDY MEN!
Any man handy with hatchet will suit this
Job: 25 men to build flume. $30. $35. $40 and
found; long Job
FRUITPICKERS FRUITPICKERS
130 men and boys to pick all kinds of fruits,
gather almonds, etc, $36 and $30 and found
WE PAY YOUR FARE
And ship to the sawmills and woods 236 la-
borers for 23 different sawmills, $26 to $40 and
found, anybody will suit; 93 woodsmen, mill-
men: also all kinds of planing mill help. $35,
$S0, $fi5, $70, $C0, $40, $50, $30 and found
3G4 woodchoppers, tiemakers, etc.. $3. $2 50, $2.
$1 and 75c cord, tools and food found
126 farm hands $35. $30, $26 and found
36 milkers and buttermakers....$30, $25 found
Cheesemakers $35 and found
24 stablemen, etc $25, $50. $S0. $W, $30 found
16 hay balers, $3 day; also harvest •crows....
364 laborers and teamsters. $2 50. J2. $1 75 day;
some board yourself home; boys for stores,
factories, etc.. city Jobs, cabinetmakers,
woodworkers, carriagemakers, bridge build-
ers, etc.; come see
Screw turner, sawmill company, see boss here
Edgerman. tallyman, pawmlll company
25 woodsmen, Santa &*uz County, $32 50 and fd
Sticker hand. $3 50 day Planer. $3 a day
Matcher, $3 a day Machine man. $3 a day
TO SONOMA CO.
Sniper: line pullers and setter for sawmill co.
TO THE MINES... .GOLD. SILVEtt & COAL.
50 miners, single hand and machine.. $75 & JOO
Married furnace man t*5
150 laborers, different mines, In all parts of
California, no experience necessary, $30 to
$50 and fd
CITY WORK— 10 laboring men. no experience
required, anybody will suit, $30 and fd
FOR SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
25 laboring men to pile lumber, large saw-
mill company $52
Farmers and wives and men and wives for
private places '. $40 and fd.
ALSO HUNDREDS OF OTHER POSITIONS
NOT ADVERTISED COME SEE
Also get our latest lists.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. .
A— HOTEL ..RESTAURANT. .LAUNDRY Help
Cook for an institution, $50 fd; 32 cooks, city
and country, $35 to $50 and found; also short
order and night cooks
Young man tend butcher shop, drive wagon.
city $25 and found
Second baker, country shop $43 and found
15 waiters, city and country
$25 and $30 and found
Bakers and helpers, $40. $35 and $30. $60 and fd
WasherB. starchers and ironers for laundries
Butchers pantry men handy
men for institution, etc.; lunch man for cafe.
$50 and board; 2 cooks, fruit ranches, $30 and
• found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
A— BRIGHT boy for this otflce, $4 week. MUR-
RAY & READY. 631-636 Clay at.
SPECIAL STABLEMAN FOR TRUCK
stable ' $45 and room
Planer man. large sawmill Co
$S5, see boss here
Donkey engineer; also head donkey man for
the woods '
Man to shingle barns, country Job
TEAMSTERS— CITY WORK.
2 teamsters, large city company
$2 50 day, board home
PACKING-HOUSE WORK
12 men for large fruit company to pick fruit:
work in packing-house, dry yards, etc
$30 and found; long Job.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. \
BARBER wanted for Wednesday. Saturday,
Sunday. 1405 Polk St.
GOOD barber at 347 Fillmore St.. corner Mo-
Alllster; steady Job.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. SAM
¦\VITT, 1313 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
WANTED— Vegetable man at 8 Jackson Bt.
WANTED — Experienced heel-builders. Apply
CAHN, NICKELSBURG & CO., 113 Hayes.
LADIES' tailor wanted for Vallejo. Apply 326
Georgia Bt.
DISHWASHER wanted at 23 Fourth St.
BARBER— State wages expected, recommenda-
tion expected: bedroom $1 50 per week. Box
4CC7. Call office.
100 CAKEWALKERS. Apply between 2 and 4
o'clock Monday at Shiels building. 32 O'Far-
rell et.. S. LOVERICH. manager.
WANTED— Porter for morntnz. Call after 11
11 a. m.. 10Q1 Valencia rt.
GOOD cook for restaurant, f 1 ' " irkln st.
WANTED— Good waiter. 23 T ylor st.
DISITVVASHER wanted at 1522 Kentucky »L
"UPHOLSTERER and carpet layer; steady
work. 240S California St.
STRONG young man to assist in packing and
shipping; reference. GRAF BROS.. 563 Mrkt.
BARBER shop: in good mining ! town: good
business. . Inquire lyx) Howard »t.. S. F.
WANTED— Walter at Golden West Hotel. 6S
Kills st.
GOOD steady barber wanted. 797 Mission St.,
corner Fourth.
WANTED— A waiter and a dishwasher. 17-19
Powell st.
WANTED — Tailor on custom coats; steady
work ; good wages. S59A Minna st.
PANTS pressmen wanted at S. N. WOOD &
CO.'S, 27 Geary st.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 605 Montgomery st.
MAN to wash dishes and help in kitchen. 23S
First at.
A THIRD hand to assist In bread and cakes;
day work. Apply 344 Sixth st.. Modern bakery.
BLACKSMITH'S helper. 820 Howard »t.
WANTED— Bootblack, 132 Third St.
SECURITY deposit put up for street railway
employes. SHALMOUNT. 1406 Pine. 2-4 p. in.
WANTED— Steady man. with small capital;
permanent place; will pay $65 per month
year round; light work. 1016 Market St.. r. 10.
DENTIST wanted at room 11. 1061 Washing-
ton st., Oakland: graduate or licentiate.
BARBERS — Paying 6-chair shop; bargain; ac-
count denarture. Inquire Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 33; citi-
zens of United States; of good character and
temrjerate habits, who can speak, read ana
write English; recruit* are specially doslred
for service In Philippines. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. 121 New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Salesman or manufacturer's agent,
one having an extensive acquaintance with
the woodwodrklng and general manufactur-
ing interests In the State of California, to
handle a line in use and Indorsed by the lead-
ing manufacturers of the United States. Can-
ada. Germany and Great Britain. Address,
stating references. "NANK." corner Sawtelle
and Woodland aves.. Cleveland. Ohio.
OPTICIAN (Al refraetionlst). neat appearance*
elderly person; $20 week. Bwc 3261. Call office.'
FOR SALE — A 3-chalr bcrber shop on account
of going East. Apply 14 Turk st.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commls-
fcton; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO
Flood bulldlnr.
BARBERS— First-class 5-chair shop and S bath
tubs tor sale cheap; going to Silver City N.
M. Inquire Call office.
t
JEWELERS— 32 j Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2<1 sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K. st..
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1053 J st.. Fresno. Cat.
TO tailors' cutters— A flrst-class cutter re-
quired; permanent position. Apply between
10 and 11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
COATMAKERS. steady work, good wages. 541
Mnrket «t.
SECURITY drcaMt put up for street railway
imployea. SHALlfOUNT. HOG Pine. 2-4 p. m.'
HELP WASTED— MALE.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. I*.
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and grctn hand3;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 18
years' practice: Examiner building.
GET your shoes half soled while waltins; 25o
to Wo. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta-
WINCHKSTER House, +t Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 7*> rooms. 22c nlsht; reading-room; fre«
b'is and bairtrape to and from the ferry.
LINDELL Houf». comer Sixth ard Howard—
Rooms 13c to 25c r.tcht: 7."c to J2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2TP FlHmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an<l
subscriptions has been *stabllshe<! at 100«
Vntenrla st.
IIORSKs. LIVK STOCK. Ktc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, busies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
SJ7 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses:
also pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies;
Cheap. Occidental^Iorse Exchange. 721 How-
ard st.
2 HORSES and busies cheap. €03 Ash avo.,
off Laguna St.. bet. Fulton and McAllister.
BEAUTIFUL buggy or carriage team; bays;
well bred. 2::c Market st.
MOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let- send for clr-
cular. Q. »¦ UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1312. nr. Octavia—* rooms, bathT
laundry; marine view; rent J20.
LAGTJNA. 1611— House of S rooms, bath; ffa»;
yard; rer.t reasonablie.
NEW house. 74S Castro st., containing g rooms:
all modern Improvements; fins view; good
location. Apply on premises.
SUNNY house, 8 rooms, bath, yard; rent 133.
water free. 1220 Bush st.
TWO sunny, newly papered and painted houses.
8 rooms: rent cheap. 1713-17 Laguna st.
tS— HOUSE. 5 rooms- best, cheapest, healthiest
for money. 1567 Klarny, near Greenwich.
$40, FORMERLY I 1 *); house. S lar^e rooms,
complete : lawn. etc. 1919 Sutter st.
HOUSES TO LET FLUMSHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house, 5 rooms and
bath: H5. 1311 Hayes st.
HOUSES WAXTED FURNISHED.
"WANTED— Furnished house In Western Addi-
tion, west of Polk and north of Turk sts..
with about 10 rooms. Answer S. L-. box 4033.
Call office.
LOST A3I> FOUAD.
LOST— Small Chihuahua dor, answers to ram«
of Coquette; had oa collar and tag. Return
to F. O. DANERI, ABC House, comer
Kearny and California sts.. and receive suit-
able reward.
LOST— A DUrse containing an Eastern Star
pin and $5 gold, card cf Dr. Susan J. Fenton:
from Clay and Mason to Powell and Sacra-
mento. Leave at Brooklyn Hotel and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Bundle of washing between Eighth nnd
Laxkln. near City Hal!, on Friday. 113 Eighth
at.; return and receive reward.
LOST— Fox terrier, f-male. white body. back.
b,ead; $3 reward. 2010 Eush st.
LOST— Saturday evening on Hayes St.. bet.
Franklin and Cough, small da<-h*chund: tan
spoto on heal and legs; reward. 14'jO Hayes sC
$100 REWARD return of four $1000 Leavenworth
Co. bonds. MR3. M. A. McFARLAND. 97*
Geary st.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel pup r/lth license.
Liberal reward if returned to 200 Turk st.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. K23 Market st.— Reli-
able ladies' and gent.*' specialists; 22 years*
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully: a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice: ladies treated can return home the same
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use it by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cer.t stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL. th» well-known an-1 reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $S; positive cure; heme for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation fre» ami confidential.
446 K<3dy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the wori l-renowne«t
ladles' specialist: saff-and reliable: has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treatej thou-
sands of cases succ^ssftllly: treatment can b«
used at home; consultation fro«. Aft<»r all
others fail cal! on htm. 102.1U Market St.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known laiicst'specialista,'
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure $3; have treated thousands ff casea with
success:- 15 years' practice in S. F. : maternity
home; low fee?. lOOT'j Market st.. near Slxta.
A— NEW process: great progress In medical
science : every woman her own physician; no
medicine or pills used: can l>e '--='»1 at home.
DR. TOPPER. 31S Kearny St.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.*
practice: home in conftn°ment; treatment at
office. J5: any ailment: consultation free: con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde ard Larkin.
NO TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures censump-
tlon, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all Jiseasea treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice fr»e. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' epecial-
lst; home in confinement: safe and reliable;
cor.sultat!cn free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. «n.1 MP.S. M. WEOENEU— Private bom»
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate an.
DR. WISE— Tne only genuine ladies' specialist
Offlee 111? Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
easen nt the human body. 115 Mason st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ani
subscriptions has been established at VM
Valencia st.
MISI>G ASR ASSAYING.
A-J10O.0OO, WORTH $1.000.0TO-A gnl.1 quarts
ledge "quarry" proposition In California; sev-
eral hundred feet wide; well defined: low
grade: similar to. but better than the "Alas-
ka-Treadwell." FOWLER & CO., 1413 Call
building.
MISCELLAXEOt'S—KOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Zd-hand machinery. Me*
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremor.t st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and scconJ-nand; we alwayi
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can shiD everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN'. 1017. 1C19. 1021. 1023 Mission it..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
"WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prlnc<» Albert
suits for $2 Z0. Portland Loan OfSce. 25 StckTa.
A BEAUTIFUL pair diamond screws for K3»
worth $50. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A NEW McDowell garment drafting machine
for sale cheap. 131 Pest St.. room V>.
A LATEST improved cash raster; almost
new; a bargain. 425 Sutter st.
A— 100 II. P. engine, boiler, two drill air com-
pressor. JARDINES. I5> Frrmont »t.
A-$3 10 DERBY and Femora fcata. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 230 Kearay st.. near Pln».
FIRST-CLASS screw-cutting lathe. 9x14: small
wood lathe: 1 small best saw. "3S Mission st.
2D-HAND photcgraphic and magic lantern cut-
flts bought, sold, exchanged. 103 .Montgom»ry.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and Bra anil burglar
proof safe. lie California st.
FIRST-CLASS eecond-hand modern engines an<l
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
ID-HAND gasoline «nd steam engines iathea.
etc.; general machine work. 1J7 Beale st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors,
and gasoline ens- H - s - Wniti? - s * 8 Mission.
A FINE suit. J'.'l: dress pants. J2 Ti. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4G7 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Proc-ier; iata
mcdel; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 405C.il.
EDISON concert rhonograph; reduced prij*.
|75; concert records. U Zd. Bacigalupl. 333 Vkt.
PORTAItL-E engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 13» Bale.
•D-HAND fire-proof eafe; 1 fire and bu-glar
proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
A-BUTS, «ells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pine. Bhafting. pilleys.
etc. WHITELAW. ilS Spear «fc
MAGIC lanterns, new ami Jl-hand: tjovinir
pictures. BULLARD A. CRECK. 131 1'ost st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEIt-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-0 Sacramento it.
SAFES— New and secrnd-har.d • a 'l sizes^ thp
WALTZ SAFE. l(»-m Ma.-ket St.? s5i
CHEAPEST and b«st in America— Thr W*ek!w
Call. IS paces, sent to any addre'J in tha
United States or Cans la one yea* for 11
postage paid. J •*•
MISCEl.U.*.>Eo"i'9~\VAXT«7~ *
LADIES* and gents* cast-off clothing bowht 1 i
told. Overman. 9S4 FolscmT teh pg iVu '
KLEIN still rays b*»t prtca for cloidng. bric-
a-brac ard books. 100 s uth st. ; tel Jessie la
IF rouwi«h full vnlue tor vour cast-lf clnthi«-
call on C. COUEN. Li Third: teK Dla^-k iii?*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST: 28, 1000.
13
HENRY J. GALL AGHERCO.,
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher)
¦ DANIEL P." DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS
;¦¦ 20 Fifth st.; opposite Lincoln School. . '
Telephone South 80.
ROOMS TO LET; — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
15c to- $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
lteht housekeeping; open all nicht.
BURNETT. 142$ Market (old Xo. 1364)-Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH, 234 — Nice sunny rooms, furnished; rea-
eonable.
BUSH, 520 (The Elks)— Changed hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms; $1 50 toiI7
week: 2cc to tl SO night. MRS. P. RAt'FT.
ELLIS. 204. cor. Mason (Clifford)— Handsomely
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. _
FIFTH~303-.Sur.ny' furnished single rooms, $(
nnd 55 per month.
FIFTH. 43S-^XIce furnished rooms, en eutte or
, single : unfurnUhed rooms for light house-
keeping; prices low.
FOLSOM. S65. cor. 6th <Tho Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms, single or suites; reasonable. ¦
GOLDEN GATE. 727— Finely furn. front rm.;
single, en "suite; gents; private; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATe71523— 3 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping: bath and pantry.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
Blngle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
I
; HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. SC9— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to {1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 9S9. cor. 6th— Orlando House— New
management; furnished rms.: suites or single.
HOWARD, :13S. corner Eighteenth— Sunny fur-
nished room.
JESSIE. SC3— Furnished rooms, $4, J3, $6 and $7;
2 housekeeping, $9.
JESSIE, C42E — 2 unfurnished rooms; use of.
kitchen, bath and stationary washtubs; new
flat.
LAS PALMAS, 1S20 Market St.— Suite, of 2 or 3
rmr. : private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
MAPLE court, 2S, off Fourteenth St., near
Guerrero— 5 sunny rooms; hot. cold water; $11.
j MINNA. 22S— Nicely furnished rooms, H per
week.
MIXXA. 543. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Nicely
furnished back parlor, with bath.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay- window room, $1 per .week: transient.
MISSION, 1514— Near Eleventh: pleasant room
for 1 or 2 gentlemen, $5 and $6 per month; pri-
vate family.
NATOMA. 640A, between Seventh and Eighth—.
Large sunny room for gentlemen; private
family; $5.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.,mo.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished su»ny Qiiie't
rooms, en suite or single; gas, bath, phone.
O'FARRELL. 1891— Two nicely furnished front
rooms; sunny; bath; private family; no chil-
dren.
POWELL. 612A— Larg-e sunny room neatly fur-
nished, and others; reasonable.
PROSPECT place. 123^ off CaHfornla, near
Powell— Large front sunny rm. ; bath; J6; pri.
ROSEDALE House, 319 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
nicht 25c to $1. week $1 23 to $4; open nleht.
ROTAI, HOUSE. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night. 3oc to $1 50; week. $1
, to $8; month, $8 to $10; elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
TOERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136— Furnished sunny rooms; single or
suites; also rooms for light housekeeping.
SUTTER. 717. near Taylor — Sunny^ choice; rea-
sonable; Dlease Investigate.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore 'st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
ROOMS. AND BOARD.
HOTEL Sutherland. 7?1 Sutter St.; choice loca-
tion; sunny rooms with board; first-class with
every convenience.
ROOMS WAXTED.
GEXTLEMAN wishes nice furnished room;
private family; central location. Box 4034.
Call office.
SEWING MACHINES A>D SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at loweyt ratey. 205 Kourth st.
AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 7G2.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 2SL
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S4A— Packlnr. moving and Btorage.
3L°_i^,V55:
TO lease— 200x200, near Five Mile House, with
horses; suitable for chicken or duck ranch.
Apply THOS. ROBERTS. 1815 Market St.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPETVRITEk's"^
sell better machines for less money thin any
house ln the city; rentals, J3. The Typswrlter
Exchange, 636 California, telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters: any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
NEW typewriters. IS down, $5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California st.
SPECIAL * NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies," in letter by return mall; at drug-
glsts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 6580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
5Tvu>E! ; nr7JoTic^n5iv^^
Fhare) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
S27 Market Bt., on and after Saturday. Sep-
tember 1, 1900. Transfer books close on Sat-
urday, August 15, 1900. at 12 m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage— Depot
Quartermaster's office. S6 New Montgomery
St., Pan Francisco, Cal., August 2S, 1900—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m.,
September 12. 1900, Pacific standard time, and
then opened, for furnishing Campaign Hats,
Black Calfskin Shoes, Russet Shoes, Stock-
Ings, Undershirts, Legging Laces, Black
Hats, Waist Belts, Letters Sent and Re-
ceived Books, Corn Brobms, Hatchets ¦ and
Helves, Camp Kettles. Pickaxes and Helves,
Ehovels, Long and Short Handled; Bpades,
Shelter Tent Poles, Petroleum Paper. Wrap-
ping Paper, Tailor's Crayons and Mattress
Covers. Preference will b« given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of prH:« and- quality being equal (In-
cluding ln the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on tha
Pacific Coast, to the extent of tha consump-
tion required .by the public service there. The
United State* reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application.. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Propo-
sals. No. B963," and addressed to Major OS-
CAR F. LONG, Quartermaster. U. S. Vols.,
Deport Quartermaster. v ! \,
MAHB.IAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses •vrerft Issued
yesterday:
Archibald Mclver. 42. 604 Tennessee streeC
and Mary Elllen, 37, 604 Tennessee street.
Edwin Hammer, 21. 110 Guerrero street, and
Nathalie IV. Bnssett, 18. 2215 Scott street.
Joseph C. Griffin, 23, 608 Mason street, and
Henrietta A. Kracke. IS, 608 Mason street.
Samuel Horwltz. 26. 1025 Mission street and
Mary A. Looryer, 84, 631 Stevenson street.
. Francis R. Cary, 23, Stockton, and Georgia
E. Weller. 20, Stockton, .
Chrlstlen L. V. Johansen. 37, 239 Third street,
and Alice M. Pollock. 30, 342 Third street.
John Thompson. 36. 236 Third street, and Kitty
Sullivan, 23, Francisco and Webster streets.
Robert A. Macombray, ¦ 23, 109 Frederick
street, and Madeline C. Richardson, 21, 109
Frederick street.
John H. " Tracy. ¦ 8S. 337 East street, and Mar-
garet Lyben. 19, Beach and L&rkln streets.
Henry A. Kopf, 24, 715 Tehama street, and
Verona Krsack. 21. 517 Banks street.
Henry A. Davies, 30, Sacramento, and Alma
L. A. Weber. 21. city.
Thomas H. Llnd. 23. 273 Clara, street, and
Lulu M. Kane. 20, 50 Natoma street. ¦<
Heinrich B. W. Wulff, 40, Marysville. and
Adele Hartmann. 42. Marys vllle.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,;
Birth, marriage and death : notices ¦ sent : by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication offices end be
Indorsed with th% name and residence of. per-
sons authorized tS have the fame published.
BORN.
COHN— In this city, August 27. 1900, to the
wife of John T. Cohn, a eon.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
jkovriittit* i-a«:i»-i«: 1'ii.nr.tsiT.
ipAi-int: inin.]
Trains l*w*t> nml nr* «•••« i«» nrrlv* »•
HAN Fit &*«:¦*< O.
(Haiu Lii.e, Foot of Market Street.)
! lsatb — Fnr.u Acou»T 12. I90O. — ARmvi
¦ »7:Oi»i Benida, .Suisun. K'.iulra. V*c»»ille,
> Rumsey »u-l rtwniueiiio *7sl5p
•7:00a Shuu Kipr?«- !>*?;». W.l!:iims (for
Uaxtlett Sprinpt). Willows. 11*1
liluff. Portland
*?i3Oa Martinez. S»n Uaniou. Valleja. Napa,
Caliatoja ami Sauta IEiim ••il»*
•W:o» a Da*1s, Woodland. Koigbts Landing,
Maryi!Tille.«>n»Tillp '7ilS»
|*»:OOa Atlantic Kipresa— O^teii and l"i«: M2.«l»
•S:Ott a Nils*. Tricy. Lathrcp, Stcckton 'tlilM
•BiISOa San Jose. l.iterui'irt-. StouMtnu.
lone. Ha«rameato, riacrrrllle,
M»rjsTllle, Chlco, KpiI lilntT *I>I4s>
•S:39a Oakdair. Chines* ((or Ynsemite).
tiouoia. Carters. *l:lla»
•9:»«« HajwarUa. Nile* anil Way Stations. M li lla
•U:oi».v l.os Angeles Kxpreas— Martinei.
Tracy. Lachrop. ittoektnu, Jlercftl
Fresno and Lot Angeles *7:ia»
•9:304 Vallrjo. Martinez awl Way Station! 'JilV
t *IO:OOa ThaOverUmlLi>ninfrd— Osdeu. U«n-
' »er. Omaha. Chleae™ # »il»r
• I I:OOa Nlln, Stockton, »aoraraent!>, M«n-
' dota. FTrnno, llnnfcnl. VIsalia,
; ronertlll* Mtl3p
i *ll:Ot>A LlTermore, Saoger. Gorhen June*
I ticm. Bak-r-tlelJ, Los Angelea.^. ..
[ ¦ia:«Oj l Haywanls. Nilesmnd Way dtathnis. *a:«^r
tl:AOr Sacrainmttn Illfer Sta*!iiets f.1:Oi>A
•:t:<M»r lUjirarda. Nile* and Way »taUom. *»tl3»
i 'I r Martinez. Han Itamim. Vallejo.
' Napa. «;»!i«»<>Ki%. : Santa Itosa *»il.1*
I •iiour Brsiela. Winters. Haeramento,
Woodland. Kaigati l.« U aii>j.
Marisflll*. Orotlll* •10:1.1*
M:SApN lies, Han J.maaitd HtnckU.ii *?>l3r
•3:UOrThe Ovfl Limited— Tracy. Frenno.
BakerafieM. Haueiis tor OAitta. Itar-
tnra. Lva Ancelea. MO:l.1t
••liOflr Stockton M»:45a
•SiOor New Orlrant Express- ItakeniMil,
8auU lUrbara, l.vn AiiRniea, D^iu-
ln«. El Faso, New Orlsaoa mini
Ka^t »7tl^a
•«:OOp H»»w»nJi. Nllai and Man Juss •7il-1*
t«:OOr Vallajo 'IStlO*
•UiVOr Oriental Miil-Oj leu, Cbeyenoe.
Oioaha. Cbicigci?: •12:4.7P
•Oi»Or Oriental Malt— Ocden. DenTer.
Ornaba. Chicago. Mil!«»>
•7t»0c NCes, Tracj. Lathrop. 8toclit:n.... »ia:15r
17iOVP Vallrjo. Port r.>«5a and tVay SU-
tiorni : t9i.1S»
••¦Sip Oregon and Callfornl* Kti-r. -»«.m«c.
nmatit.i. Mktj^IIIv. ItmMinK.
r..rHitn.l. fiigHt S., T sn.1 Kan* ««:l*4
COAST DIVIMO.N (.Narron (.uiirk).
(foot t.t Market Street.)
{1143a Uanta Crua Exorirs'on for Santa
Cruz and i'rincinal Way Stations :»:«^r
•Sill* Henark.OnfcrTlllr.Saii.losn, FVIton,
Iioiil<lerCrrelc.8aiiUCriixknd VYay
HUtions ••.*!*»•
t*<l3P Navark. C'auUrTUla. »«¦¦ .1. «.-. X ¦•
Alniailan. F.-lfim. Koui.ler < r. -ei.
8aut» Cm aud rrludpat \Y»j
Sutlo-is •J«..-»n 4
•4il.fpKawark. run .lnso, LosGatoa t1>-»«>«
at:ISp Gleowood. Pelton, Banta Tnix ,n-.r,m
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
irtasu riiicisoi-rctt «r -utu\ strm <sii? »)—
I »7:II 9:00 IliOpt.U. JI:J3 *2:M 13.33
•i:C3 tS:53 *8:53i-.i«.
rroaQtCUKB— F«*l »;3r«x-i»r— -A;0O 8:00 10.00 » «.
tI2:33 '1:03 >3:C3 -3::3 ti:C3 •Z.ZZr.u.
COAST DIT 1*103 {BrMftfiMga).
, (Third mniToAmwIStii.)
T5TToA~Oc«an View. S...ifh n«n Kiancinco.. 1«s:»»e
I t7:l)ll» S,n Josv in,.! \V»y .St;vll..l.» (X«w
• Almadmi \Vnl»a«Ii«T«mi!x> «l:ai>p
| nsSO* SaniUy Excursion f r Sau Jo*«,
.SinU f'.-ur.. V\cif.e (Jroie and
Principal Way Sutions t*i3<iF
••¦••a Han .li.«o. - l"i»- Hiisa, >>»Ht» I'rua.
r»i-l!ic «:«»». I'ano i:..l.:e*. .••»«
l.uis O>iii|>ii, Hnrf. Lompoc ami
l'rinelnal War H-iM..ns Mil«»
•intll»A 8»a Joso and \V»y outrun* *«iX1*
•ll::i«» SanJiWB.LosnatosaM.TW.yStatlons •at.tOP
»ai Iftr San Mattn, lUrtirnoil. Mania Park.
Pa'u Alto. Santa Clara, ««n .!.«•.
Tres Plnot. iiaiita Cruz, .Salinas,
Monterey and 1'aAific finite tl«'-"» rt %
t«:.inpSan Jusaaud Way StaLloiis •US»t
HslSp 3an Juseaud Principal Way stations # »t l»»
|5:llOpS»n .lon-s. Loa Gi'ta and Principal
Way Stations t»iO»a
•5::il»r San Jn«w and Principal tTi, .stations ?*:*-¦»*
•«::t»p3»n Jostauii WaySlatiims i»i»»»
Sll:45r San Jcseand Way ijtatl.ms fillip
A for Morning P f«*J A lt«m»ii
¦Daily. t.Siiii.UrfiMrt'ii :.-iiml»inn!j
b: Saturday only.
1 • 8aturdaj and Sund»» e Mondar «»J».
! CALIFCBNU NDRTHWESTEBN RT. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Ferry. Foot ol Market St
i SAN FRAN'CISCO TO SA.N RAFAEL.
1 WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:C0. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
S:SO. 5:10. «:S0 p. a. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at ll:SO t>- ra. Saturdays— Extra tri?» «* 1^<»
and 51:30 D. ra. m
BUNDAT8— 8:C0, 2:30. 11:00 a, to.: l:J0, V.VK
1:00. «:20 d. m.
8AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT9— «:10. 7:50. 9:10. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:«.
S:40. 5:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at
1:SS and 8:25 o. m.
BVXDATS-3:10. 1:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, t:«J.
5:02, t:2S p. m.
Between S«.n Fran?i3co and 3chu»t»en Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Can Franeleeo. [Apr. 13, 1300.) San Franctsco.
~V.e*k I Sua- I I Sun- I Weelc"
Days. ( days.^ | Destination.! rfaya. | Days.
7:30 am l:M»m! Novnto. 10:40 ami 8:40 ana
8:.V pm 9:Z0 ami Petaluma. (:C3 pm'lOrSS arrt
»:Upra 6:00 psnj gar.ta Ros*. 7:3S pm! (:20 pm
* F-iltcn.
T:3Q am TV'inJ-nr. 10:35 an
Hea!d»burs.
LyttOB.
Ceyservllle.
9:39 pm 1^0 am Cloverdaie. 7:3.* pm (:29 pm
7:30 am! 1 Hoplnnd 1 (lOrn arr»
3:30 pa] 1:00 am, and L'X.la.h. 1 7:33 pm! 9-2* pm
"T:30am[ " '13:3 ara
j 1:00 am GuerncrlUe. 7:35 prm
1:30 prr.; | 8:10 pm
7:30 am! 8:C0 am! Sonoma J 9:15 ami S:4O am
1 I * ncl I j
5:10 pra' S:CO pm; On Ellen. J 8:03 pra! J:20 pm
7:30 amj S.OO ami [10:40 am|10:23 an
S:30 pm! 5:C0 pm| Pehastcpol. I 7:33 pm «.»¦) pm
EtaRes connect at S«nta Rc*a for Mark West
Fpr!n<s sn<l White Sulphur Springs: at Fiiltcr»
for Altrana: at Lyttnn for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Fk.ia;«s Pprlrcn: at Clorenta!*
far the n*y»ers: at Iloplati'i for Dunmri
Pprtnifs. Hig-hlar>.d Sprlnr». K»l»eyrl!le. CarL*-
bad Sprlnr«. S<-»ia Hay. T^keport ami Barttett
ttprlns;s; at Ukla'i for Vichy Pprinjrs, Saratrc^
Fprlncs. Blue Lakog, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprints. Upp»r I.ak*. Potno. Potter Valley.
John Pay'*. Riverside. Llerl»y's. Bueknell's.
Banhedrtn H»1«hts. Hullvflle. Ott-s Hot
FprlnE*. Mend^rino City. Kort Braes.
port. Usal. Wlllitm, LAytonville. Cujrmlr!*.
Bell's Sprinx*. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates. _
' On Suiuliy round trip tickets to all points
j fceyond San Raf*M at half rates.
Ticket of flew. €50 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
X. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manar«r. Gen. Pass. Asent.
NORTH PACIFIC GOaSTraIlROAD!"
K^£! Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing: April 22. 1900.
7ROM 8AN FRANCISCO TO MILL. XXZJLSTt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. "8:30. »:». 11:90 «. rfl.t
13:45. *l:«. 3:15. 4:15. «5:15 «:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and I Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at »:CO and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •#"0O. *9:00. •10:00. UiOO), u.-j«
a. m.; 13:43. 1:30. 3:30, '3:45, 5:00, 1:00. 7:»
p. m. '
U:00 a. m. dots not rua to San Rafaal 8ua»
days.
Trains marked f*) rn-a to Pan Queatla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:35. 7:50. »:». it-.U a.
m.: U:M. 1:15. 8:15. »3:30. 4:J0t »:» p. m .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *«:43 and l»:3O p. ra.
SUNDATS-l:li. •»:6O. 1:50. *U:0da. m. : 12:0%
m.; i:«0. ::15. 1:30, 4:30. 'SUS. «:4S. 7:W. W:l|
p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from Saa Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO. ,
WEEK DATS— 6:43. t:43 8:00 t:5S. W:io a.
m.; 1*:35. 1:45. !:«; 3:30. 4:50. <:J0 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
I and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
8UXDAT&-«:35. »:C5. 10:08. 11:10 a. m.: U:li
1:30 3:J0. J:45. 4:55. «:18. 7:05. 10:SO p, m.
T^ THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a, ra. wees days— CasaJera and war st*.
tJons.
1:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazafiero and way sta»
tlcns.
>:1S p. m. weekdays (Satardays «xc«pt»d>— •
Point Reyes» and way stations.
. 1:00*. m. Sundays— Caaadero and waj ita-
| tloa». • • "
S 12:45 p. uv Bundayi— Polat F.tys* aa4 way
; station*.
i MOUIJT TAMALPAI3 SCBNIO RAILWAy
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
, WEEK DAY3....9:20 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 a ra.
SUNDAYS 9. 10. 11 a. m.. l:Zo. 1:30 0. m.
• Fare San Francisco to Summit and return, tl «x.
j SEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
V*" Dr. Gibbon^s Dispensary,
CJ2o kEABM »¦». Eitabllshed
•S^lTiCa ln I8a4 toT tbii tr?«ti«entol Private
MJA'Tj** i)iseas*'9, Lest Alanh.MKl D»billty or
8&BBStvwa> cliscaa* "taring on body and minrj an a
swjgaBgJEB Skin Diseases. Vht doctor cures wh»M
«?Sl5t^* J *"S" tll<>rs ' <l11 - rry him. Char-e» low
T*^.<f 1 f>iinrt.*hi l'nr»t^nllrai.l..< Call orvflitA
Or. a. r.UlBBO.>'. Box l9S7.Saa Pra2dsa>
The Weekly Call
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAH
What. Is the policy, what are the aims
of this truculent Moslem? In a word, to
revive a great militant Mohammedan em-
pire In North and Central Africa, and. in-
cidentally, to turn out the two unbelieving
.powers. It is one of the qualifications of
a great leader to bide his' time. Senussi
has waited for a quarter of a century.—
St. Louis Republic. . :
There is reason to believe that at the
front In South Africa, among the Indian
bearers, there are several representatives'
of the new who have enlisted to
report upon the events of the war. The
most extraordinary feature of this con-
spiracy is that some of the members de-
clare that they have acquired the Btrang-e
secret of brain telegraphy, whereby they
are enabled to send messages over vast
distances.
As a military force his followers are In-
finitely superior to the Ill-armed Soudan-
ese whom the Anglo-Egyptian army de-
feated at the Atbara and Omdurman.
Twenty thousand Manlicher rifles, it is
said, have been bought at Liege, Belgium,
for the new Mahdi. Every one of these
weapons was landed at Tripoli and car-
ried on camel hack to Joffo., The Italian
"War Office -has lately been offering, for
sale a number of its disused field guns.
Several have been bought and. curiously
enough, shipped to Tripoli. Always Tripo-
li, for there the Sultan of Turkey reigns
supreme. *and that astute monarch is too
wise to run foul of the leader of 10.000.000
of the most reckless fanatics that Islam
ever enrolled.-!-.
Knsland is setting worked up over the
tidings that a new African Mahdi is
preparing his 10,000,000 followers for a
holy war. which may break out this year.
ThA* successor of him who fell In the
Soudan is Senussi,' arid he lives just now
in Jnffo, south of Tripoli. .This cloud on
the North African horizon lias been gath-
ering for some time. It is by no means
K«m-.rally known that at any moment a
cyclone of Moslem fanaticism may sweep
over Egypt, Algeria and Tunis. This is
in the north. And further south in the
tragic continent, owing to the same cause,
civilization in Nlg-eria and the French
Soudan may be put back for another gen-
eration. The rapid expansion of a Mo-
hammedan secret society, with its in-
evitable Jehad, or holy war, among the
Arabic,. Berber and negroid races of the
western and central Soudan, Is a factor
ln current life in the Dark Continent
which at aqy moment may assume terri-
ble Importance.
The year that Gordon's life went out at
Khartoom (1SS5) the followers of Senussi
were estimated at about 3,000,000. Since
then the movement has grown so enor-
mously, that probably over 10.000,000 sons
of the prophet are sworn members of this
organization. Far away from the "White
Man's Africa," buried ln the heart of the
long sandy wastes that spread In endless
silence from Tripoli to Lake Tchad, are
being accumulated vast stores of the most
modern war material, without the possi-
bility of Interference by the Christian
powers most - concerned — England and
France.
Joffo, the headquarters of the new Mo-
hammedan Messiah, Is 500 miles west of
the Nile and about 700 from the North
African littoral. It lies a point clue south
of Tripoli and a little to the east of the
caravan route to Borncu.
May Urge a "Holy War."
He is Said to Be Purchasing Guns and
NEW MAHDI IN THE SOUDAN.
ANY amount at € per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d morr-
papes. undivided Interest, real estate ln pro-
bate; morpaees and legacies bought: no de-
lay: *?et my torms b fore doing business else-
»-here. K. McCOLOAN, ;4 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per ceyt; first,
second mortpages. estates In probate (Interest
in states, legacies, corporation loans; chattel
mortcajrep. life Insurance. Room 16, first floor
Phronlcle bids. HALLORAJJ & OLSEN .
HIGHLY respectable private place to~obtaln
<il«ral advance* on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est ratrs. llaldwln Jewelry Btore, 846 Market
ft.; trl. Ma'.n :CU. Rranch 19 Third st.
ON furniture und pianos without removal -quick
£7^«??2!LSI! B 2: !ow ~" t ' n *"-"<- Rooms
<* a;irl C?. nmiohoe l>uildlng. 1170 Market St.
ON real estate j Et and 2nd mortpages and on
• urnuure or pianos; no removal; any amount-
lowest rate. HECKEK A- CO.. a; Montgomery:
V.i?T reliable i lace to borrow on~dlamonds.
ntttea. jewelry. \Y. J. HEPTHAL. 19 Sixth'
V.'.ghest price for oM gold, silver, diamonds.
LO ANS
SALARIES and FURNITURE
O. H. HARPHBAROER. 5a Ellis, room 31
AT JM Kearny f>t.. room S. respectable prtva*.«
I -ace to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
i: 'T'^?^ t6 r * r cent ln euma t0 sult ln pl£ y: a'.so
f '..A 000 on larpe ranches; alsoon second mort-
trayes. R. J. MERCER A SON. 412 Pine st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal : low rates: confidential.
KONELLL SCI Jones st.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
13.000 TO loan; lat cr 2d mortgages; 6%; es-
tates. chattels. HARPER. 313 Hearst bids.
¦ -'^'N furniture and pianos; no removal; confl-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
H. MURPHY. €30 Market st.. s'otv«s allkindsof
financial problems ; Id mortgages, estates, etc.
TO R&larled people without security: all bast--
r->ss confidential. Tousley Co.. 221 Parrot big.
OX furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
oomrr.is.-ion. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorsrr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal : no com-
mission; private. LICK. ITS McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
P. F. Discount Arrr.oy. \V. Phelan building.
SIISICAL ISSTUCMKIFTS.
WE can use a few piyd squares to advantage
sf to be had m-lthln the r.ext few days. MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 7C9 Market St.
FECOND-HAXD Marshall and Wendel. New
Ertsriand and other makes offered low for a
a day cr so. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7€9 Mar-
ket 6t^
DECKER A SON rianos are the best known of
nil the old re!1ab> makes: you cannot fall to
a*et satisfaction with one of them. Agency
Ht MAUVAIS 1 , 'At Market st.
ALL purrha*ers of pianos at SHERMAN". CLAY
&' '"<">.' f- Iinvf tfc: privi!»K« of fxcranglng for
a FTF.IXWAT any time within three years
ar.1 full purchase price allowed; the best
makers of every prade to select from; beauti-
fnl new uprights M cash. $6 per month; seme
f.r<rr\ t,;.', ros fv- r {j_ }4 and \i per month.
SHKT1&IAN. CLAY tt CO.. STEIN WAY
T'iiAI.ERS. corner Kearny and Sutter sts.,
fan Francisco: corner Broadway and Thlr-
tccrrtt »ts.. Oakland.
A FEW Ot the bargains offiyd by us this
«!r •'<• for JiT-0. n*>w nff Pre d at a great sacrifice.
A fir." uprirht; harifi'^rr.e embossed case; lat-
est £tyl»; a'most new; $1CV L<vw prices on
fine nf» uprights. Hardman. Hazelton. Dew-
ir.c Br<5. J. PEWIKO it CO.. Flood bids-.
.-• rr;er Market and Fo'itth fts.
ABSOLUTELY tot ol<3»Ft and largest hou*e
w..-t cf Chicago la KOHLER & CHASES.
if; "K and 31 OFarrell *t. : pianos, organs and
s:i ether Ii3u«ic3«l instruments of all Ei-aden
cr.d pi:-ef>: terms easy; price* lowest; every-
i thine possible dene to p!ea?e and satisfy th«
' -: 'torr.fr.
t GOOD fjuare pianos from tM to J200.
Z fine grand planes from S1T5 to 1450.
E F«?con<l-ha!Tl uprights from $75 to J^5.
: fte!r.v.av I Pt«"lt, 1 VWber. 1 Curtaz.
EEyj. CURTAZ & PON. \% OFarrell ft.
REMOVAL nt Keeffe's piano store from Van
Ness to f*3 Market. r*t. 6th and 6th. next
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction sala for
2 wo*ks: cp«n ev'ngs; call and get low prices.
VIOLIN stringy; never wet; best In the world:
rr.nkinr and repairing r\{ all kinds of musical
instrument*. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geaj-y st.
"tVAXTED— 9 g'xvl square pianos sultabl* for
¦tfaooU. BYRON MAUZY. 208 Post tt.
AT ary price; no reasonable offer refused; re-
moval sale. 126 Ellis siL ;
SLAUGHTER rale of upright pianos for stcr*
age, fj) up. WILSON'S Pierage. 1710 Market.
BE In th" f-K-'.Tn: rent a new piano for $3 per
niorth. SCOTT -CL'RTAZ CO.. Hayes Et.
THE WILET P.. ALLEN CO.. !14 Post «t.;
Hardman. Conorer ar.d other p'.anos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Maury. Gabler. Hamll-
tor piajics. 20$ P^t ft., cpp. t'nlon Square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment %% ¦
jx-r mcr.th. SCH.VITZ. 16 McAllister st.
W G. BATXJER. 41* Farramento tt.. ajreut for
. Francis Bacon and HaJlett & Davis pianos.
sFpFrr.IOR violins, xithers. eld and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham , place.
RF.DUCTION sale: new pianos. JS payments;
ror rrrt.'T? OP. T5RUENN. 201 Port Kt.
OFFICES A5D STORKS TO LET.
TO LET— I^.ft at 412 Front tt.; KxllS feet: en-
trance on Front st.; rent $40. Apply to
ffBEDEN'. KOHLMOOS CO.. 412 Front St.
KilMA^ £PIi ECKELS building. »27 Market—
')'. flees, licht ar.d sunny, $15 to $?0 per month;
light, heat. Janitor and use cf tel. Included.
j TO rent— Modern »tore: well lighted;* SSxl 40;
/* ¦ -nt reasonable. 32S Haya tt.
PERSONALS.
¦MORTON MARKS — Tour brother Andrew
would like to hear from you. 713 Howard
«t.. San FVanciBco. T
¦ PHILIPPINES-Call at C. C. D.. Stockton st.
A*f~ on« knowlnj the, whereabouts of ADA
mJLLE or ADA FRETWELL will be re-
warded by informing box 4125, Call offlre.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, does the
hair ln any and all styles. 20c only; switches
fl rj>. ira Stockton *t.
JULIANI5M— Julian MarRa*. Initiate, has
r^renPd his classes fcr spirit unMdment artd
Adeptshin on Tuesday and Thursday evenings.
f o'clock; free lecture Friday eve.. 8 o'clock;
consultation dally. 9 to S. ll» Oolden Gate ave.
THE HUDi5N~RIVER CO..
H HOPKE ERO3.
Mattresses and pH'owg ir.ade to order, re-
frvered and renovated: h"T.»!t work guaran-
teed- prices defy competition; fine upholstery ;
phrne £.305; factory. 818 and ZZO Eleventh St.;
first-claM cleaning and dyeing. 40S Sutter it..
Fan Franlsco.
WHT 6LTFE R ?
Per*on« afflicted wltli Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how longstanding), or anycther chronic
disease,-- rhould rail et cace at the BANS
SOUCI. U<!* Van Nf5« are.— the up-to-date in.
*titutlcn for treatment. TV> have 25 years'
experience. Chargea reagonabla.
ITLKCTRIC llirhta ln «rery room — 'Winchester
Hotel, «« Third tt., near Market; 700 room*;
2> to tl to per night: tl W to $6 per week;
free 'bu« and baggage to and from the ferry.
ST'ITS to order on Installments: SIS upward:
fl • week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market it.,
between Beventh and Eighth. •
TILES -200 permanent ctirei m f-an Francisco,
who « »n be 6een; no operation; no pain; par-
ticular * Bent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
LEPKRi'R'S Quintonlca hair tcr.Ic etops falling
out; cl- r'.nsinj, ttfautlfjing: 35c bottle.
JIMR. B. It. GROVE, 34 Kearr.y. room 12—
Healer; Teats chronic dl»ea»en successfully.
HAIR <ju» ¦ *!>• curled cr waved by using Tal-
cotf rut 'njr fluid; Sc bottle; druggists.
USDEREXTX Fnamo Shampoo leafis them all;
ha» real n.-rlt: try It; only 5e package.
WANTED- C d-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curio- all descriptions, gg Dupor.t tt
FVITJ 5 to cr<?»- on ea^y payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Exa niner building, room 40..
AI-FRKDUJ'S Henna restore* gray
fc!»!r tr» Its na- iral color; tl. at all gruEg!*t» :
• C/ FT-OFF rloth ng old gold and silver bought;
Fend portal. C 'LFTMAN"fi. SM Keamy at.
rHYSICIA!kS~~A.\D. SURGEONS^
OK Jr~HERBER T~REEVliriaii~Keanir et..
cure* by eiectrlrrj-y Nervous Prostration. In-
Fomnia, Anhma. :tbeurnatism. Paralysis. Ca-
tairh. ConEumptlo i. Kidney, and all Inflam-
matory casps ; dlsi *«w« diagnosed.
IjH c. C TDONNKLL-Offlce and residence.
TiJ'.W Maricet ft., b-t Sixth and Seventh.
HEAL ----ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
J'CiTi rale Ne*t cottagf of 4 large rooms, high
basement; cood-slred lot; ntc« garden and
rhlcken^bwaee*, lncluilng fancy chickens;
half a Mock irnm ca:s; also adJoWng cot-
tage of I rooms and iaije lot. Inquire grocery
/ ftcre. Cher.ery «t.. opp. Fairmount SchooL
JJIFPION cottage; « room* iinJ bath: large lot;
term* to xuit buyer. Owner 41J Kearny et.
il(;7ri^Hol?SE. * room* and bath; lnetallmenta.
gt.-« Como tt.. Suanvtlde. ¦ - - - -'
11OHERN boa*** built; !ow<?st price*: plan* and
tetimates furnished.. Campbell, 1147 Mlrsion.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
>w. wharf, San Francisco:
SSfe&s^ *' or Alaskan Ports— It *•
V^VgjBK^ rn.. August 24. 29. _ Sept. 1.
ESK®!™ Fcr Victoria. Vancouver
»jy5ji-*;Si (B. C). Pert Town*-nd. S»-
f '^'sfepil? vft>\ attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
-"t^SiBisiil cor tes and New Whnteom
(Wash.) — 11 a. m.. An*ust
24, 29, Sept. 3. and every fifth day thereafter;.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers i
for Alaska and O. N. R'y: at Seattle or Ta- I
coma to N. P. R'y. at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Kureka, Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. August
26. 31, Sept. 5. and every fifth day thereafter. !
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu- |
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anseles> and Newport — 9
a. m., August 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping jenly at Port Har-
tford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles ard Redondo (Los Angreles) — 11
a. m.. August 25. 29. Sept. 2. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Masdalena Bay, San Jo«» del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of
each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. >
The company reserves th» right to change
¦teamen, sailing dates and hours of calling
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Oen. Agents.
10 Market »t.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CARE S' 2 F |rst Class Including Berth
fftnC $3 Second Class and Meals-
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Auirust 31
COLUMBIA sails August 28. Sept. 5
Short line to Walla Walla, epokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Ajrent.
' 830 Market ni.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendent*
C0MPAG3IE GEHERALE THASSATLANTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <2J\Sj>
Saturday, from November 2. 1S0O. at
10 a. m.. from Pier 45. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA TOURAINE, August 3f>;
L'AQUITAINE. Sept. «: LA BRETAGNE.
Sept. r«: LA LORRAINE. Sept. 20. First clasn
to Havre. S82 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre. $J3 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round tri". GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New Tork. J. F. FL'GAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, a Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannar. *tr**t». at 1 p. m ,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callm* at
Kobe (Hioro). Nagasaki and Shanshal. and
connecting at Honfrkonjf with steament for In-
dia. e>tc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 29, 1900
3S. NIPPON >MARU
Patur«1»y. September 22. 1900
SS. AMERICA M A RIT.. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trio tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at eomnany'a office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. TT. AVKTtT. General A*ent,
AMERICAN LINE.
Stooping at Cherbourg. we«tbcun<t.
From New Tork Everv Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. fi! St. Paul ....S»pt ?«
Ft. Louis Sept 12 St. Lnuls Oct. 3
New York Sept. 191 New York Oct. 10
RED STAR LINE.
New York ?nd Antwero.
From New York Ever" Wednesday. 12 nmw
Southwark Sept. S| Nocrdland Sept. M
Westernland ...S*pt. i;| Frlesland Oct. t
Ken^lnston Sept. 13' Southvark Oct. 10 '
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery Street.
OCEANIC 8. S. CO.— HOXOtTTLU, APIA
AUCKLAND AXD SYDNEY.
S. S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New
Zealand and Australia Wed. . Sept t, 1 p. m,
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, Sept. 19. 2 p. m.
h 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Arts.. !f4 MontaonMn
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Frs^ht Office. 327 Market St
KOSMQS LINE ssss::ssa
IVUUmUU klllL. LUXOR S5<» tons
¦ ABYDOS ....4000 tons
Monthly Sailing: for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
B. S. Taniw. 45fH) tons, sails about September i.
J. n. SPRECKELS ft BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st. Pier No. 1 — Freight office,
537 'Market St., Pan Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montleello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and 'Eat. at »:4J
a.'m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thura. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ,R0e
RAIXBOAD TRAVEL.
SANTA FE ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET-STREET FERRY.
Leav*; Overland: Daily for Chlca- AttIt»*"
go, Kansas City, Denver
and all Eastern points.
SI Paso. City ¦ of Mex-
ico, Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Ariz., Bakersneld.
» «. ra. VIs&lla, Tulare, Han- I a. ok
ford, Fresno, Merc«d.
Stockton. Antloch. Stand-
ard and Touriat Eleap-
ers to Chicago. Dlnlnjr
car between Stockton
and Bakersneld.
Stockton Loc^: For B«nj ~*
4:10 p.m. Pablo. Pinole. Muir. Bay 11:08 a.m
Point, " Cornwall. Antl-
och and Stockton.
Bakersneld Local: For San
Pablo. Pinole. Muir. Bay
Point. Cornwall. -Antl-
1p.m. och. ' Stockton, Merced. Un.
Fresno, Hanford. Visa- .
lla. Tulare and Bakert-
fleld. Sleepers to Fresno
and Bakersneld.
. i TICKET OFFICES: «3 Market «. ~
Ferry Depot, foot of Market «.. San KrancUco
1118 Broadway. Oakland,
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 1119 Pierce street. Interment L
O. O. F. Cemetery-
WILSON— In this city, August 25, 1900. Wini-
fred, beloved mother of Lawrence and Beatrice
1 Wilson, a native . of Jackson, Wis., . aired 35
years 5 months and 9 days. < (Montreal. Cana-
da, papers please copy.) - .
¦ iTVFrlends and : acquaintances are reaped*
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co..' 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. .: . ,
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from residence
Glen Ridge, Los Gatos.
.WILLIAMSON— In this city, August K. 1900
Edmund Williamson, son of James Willlam-
' son of Sea Lodg<», Bantry. a native of Ire-
land.
WHITTEN— in this city, August 26, 190f>, Lloyd
Scolfleld Whltten, beloved son of Darius L
and Elolse R. Whltten, a native of San Fran-
cisco, a sred 5 months and 18 days. ..••.. -.
CryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
TWednesday). at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2S2 Shipley street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the rer>ose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In the City and County Hospital,
August 27, 1900, William Roberts, a native of
New York, aged 3i years.
SCHARY— In this city. August 27. 1900, Flossie
Schary, daughter of Julius and Hetty Bchary,
a native of San Francisco, aged fi years and
7 months.
SCHOFIELD—In this city. August 27. 1900
Mathew Schoneld, beloved husband of Rebecca
Schofleld, father of Charlotte Schofleld, and
stepfather of- Lillian Brown, a native of
Wlgan, England, aged 66 years and 15 days.
SCHRECK-In Oakland. August 27. 1900, John
E. Schreck. father of E. J. E. 8chreck of
Detroit, Mich., and uncle of Mrs. Agnes Kae-
lln, a. native of Holsteln, Germany, aged 74
years and 3 months.
SEILER-In this city, August 27, 1900, Char-
lotte Seller, a native of Germany, aged 74
years.
TC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 40CS Twenty-fourth street, between
Noe and Castro, thence by train leaving
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets station at
3:30 o'clock to New Salem Cetnetery foe. In-
terment, g
SPILLAXE— A requiem mass will be celebrated
this day (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, at St.
Mary's (Paullst), for. the repose of the eoul
of Mary C. Splllane. Friends are Invited.
WHEELER— Died at Los Gatos. Cal., August
26. 1S0O. Charles Carroll Wheeler, a native of
Watmille. Me., aged 65 years.
II^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday)-, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Craig & Cochran Company, 52-56 Mint
avenue, under the auspices of the I. O. O. F.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city. August 27. 1500. Mao-
Ann Lynch, a native of County Galway, aired
83 yeRra.
C7Frlends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the rentdence
of ht-r nlcc<\ Mrs. M. Burke, 204 Second
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city, August 27, moo, Johanna
Lyons, beloved mother of Mrs. Thomas Mc-
Caulfiy and Mrs. Jnhn Tamony, a native of
County WatTford, Ireland, aged 58 years.
(pTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend a requiem hl»th mass
for the repose of Jier soul at St. John's
Church, Mission road, to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
MELLON— In this city, Edward Mellon, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 71 years.
MORAN— In this city. August 27, J300. Michael,
beloved hnsband of Catherine Moran. and
father of John, Thomas, Margaret and Mary
Moran and Mrs. E. J. Lunny, a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 65 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the Church of
St. Mary the Virgin, corner Union and Stelner
streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JUDY— In Fresno City. August 25. 1900. O. M.
Judy, beloved husband of Henrietta Judy, and
father of Ertra May Judy, a native of Kan-
sas, aged 44 years. A member of Dlnuba
Lodge No. 3S1. I. O. O. F.
(ETFuneral service to be held In the chapel
of Cypress Lawn Cemetery this day (Tues-
day), at 12 o'clock. Interment private. '
HARROWER— In Maul, H. I., July 24, 1900,
James. belove4 husband of Marlane Har-
rower. and father of William. Annie W.
and James Harrower, and brother of Henry
Harrower, a native of Scotland, aged 50 years
11 months and 6 days.
C7Frienri8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. 2423 Mission street, between Twen-
tieth and Twenty-first. Interment* Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral cars from
corner of Twentieth and Guerrero streets at
10:45 o'clock.
HEATON— In Oakland, August 26. 1900, War-
ren D. Heaton, a nativo of Warren County,
Ohio, aged 75 years 4 months and 4 days.
(Warren and Niels County papers please
cor>y.>
IE7"Frle:ids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 122> Webster street, under the aus-
pices of Fountain T»d«re No. 198. I. O. O. K.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
HOLCOMB— In this city, August 26, 1900, Mary
Helen, beloved wife of Asa S. Holcomb. and
mother of Hugo Holcomb, a native of Massa-
chusetts", aged 32 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), in Birds Landing- Interment ln
Home of Peace Cemetery. San Francisco, to-
morrow (Wednesday). Take 11:30 o'clock train
for the cemetery.
EYRE— In Paris, July 13. 1900. Mary Tutt
Farry. relict of the late Colonel E. E. Eyre.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her parents'
residence, 417 Filbert street, thence to I. O.
O. F. Cemetery for Interment.
DINKELSPIEL— In this city, August 27, 1900.
Jonas DinkelsDlel. beloved son of Lena and
the late Moses Dinkelspiel, and brother of
Mrs. David Eisner, Edward, Meyer and Car-
rie M. Dinkelspiel of Suisun, Cal., and Henry
G. W. Dinkelspiel of San Francisco, a native
of Pulsun. . Cal., aged 25 years 4 months and
23 days.
DIXKELSPIEIj— In Birds Landing, Solano
County, Cal., August 27, 1900, Moritz Dlnkel-
splel, brother of Adolph Dinkelspiel of Se-
attle. Wash., and Joseph and Herman Dln-
kelpplel of Birds Landing, Cal., and nephew
Of the late Mosps Dinkelspiel of Suisun. Cal..
a native of (lemingen, Germany, aged 46 years
6 months and 23 days.
(CT'The funeral will take place thl3 day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be cel-
ebrated for the repose of her soul, commen-
cing at the above hour. Friends are respect-
fully invited to attend. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DAWSON— In this city. August 26. 1900, Alice
Adeline, dearly beloved child of John and
Mary Dawson, and sister of Emma, Grover.
Ambrose. Josle and El ward Dawson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 years 4 months
and G days.
O'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to- attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late,
residence. 1701 Washington street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CLEMKNTS— In the City and County Hospital.-
August 27, 1900, Rose Clements, a native of
Illinois, acred 47 years.
DALY— In this city. August 25, 1900. at her
residence, 1413 Bush street, Catherine Daly,
a native of Ireland, aged 79 years.
ANDREWS— In this city, August 27, 1900, Marie
Elise, beloved daughter of Louise and the late
Christian Andrews, and sister of Louise An-
drews, Mrs. Frank White and Mrs. Emll
IJlatz, a native of San Francisco, aeed 3D
years 2 months and 15 days.
BECKHUSON— In this city. August 26. 1900,
Frances Leontine, beloved daughter of F. W.
and Kate Beckhuson, and sister of Mrs. C. A.
Gwynn and Augusta and Letltia Beckhuson,
a native of England, aged 22 years 5 months
ami 2 Jays.
DIED.
Andrews. Marie E. Lynch, Mary A.
Beckhuson. Frances Mellon. Edward
Clements. Rose Moran. Michael
Daly. Catherine . Roberts, William
Dawson. Alice A. Schary. Flossie
Dinkelspiel. Jonas Schofleld. Mathew
Dinkelspiel, Moritz Schreck. John E-
Eyre. Mary T. P. Seiler. Charlotte
Harrower. James Spillane, Mary C.
Heaton. Warren D. Wheeler. Charles C.
Holcomb. Mary H. Whltten, Lloyd S.
Judy, O. M. Williamson. Edmund
Lyons, Johanna Wilson. W T inifrai
ANDREWS-FLEISCHER— In this city, Au-
gust 23, 1500. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Charles S. Andrews and Lizzie M. Fleischer.
BECKHUSEN— BBCKSEK— In this city. Au-
gust IS. 1900, l»y the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Joliann II. Beckhusen and Lina Bucksen
BILL— LAEDERICH— in this city. August 2G.
' 19C0, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Edward Wil-
liam Clll and Lulu Laederlch.
BROWN— QUIRK— In this city. August 14. 1900.
by the Rev. Father Wyman of St. Mary's
Church, Michael .1. Brown and Margaret
Quirk, both of San Francisco.
SMITH— BROWER— August '26, 1900, by the
Rev. Fathe r Lyons, John J. Smith of San
Francisco anfi Caroline Brower of San Bruno,
San Alateo County.
WirLFI"— HARTMANN— In this city. August
27, 1900. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Heinrich
D. W. Wulff and Mrs. Adele Hartmann, both
of- MarysvilU. Cal.
MABRIED.
HEAL F.STATE — CITY — FOR SALES.
CLEAN INVESTMENTS.
AT A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 667 MARKET ST.
J200. COO— Pays 5 per cent net; near Chronicle.
J175.00O— Pays 6 per cent net; Market 6t.; one
• tenant.
$100,000— Pa> 6 5 per cent; Market st. ; always
rented.
$30.000— Pa>-6 7 per cent; few blocks from
Chronicle.
¦J40.OOO — Pays $370: Brand corner: all rented.
$42.tt>0— Pay* K per cent net: prand corner; one
tenant; lease 6 year?.
$30,000— Konts J1T.2; new Improvements.
J22.J.00— Grand More property, 70 ft. front: rents
$200 a month: all rented.
| $20.000— Rents *175: corner; new Improve-
ments.
$!5,f.<X) — Kentfj $145: new improvements.
J10.000— Elegant flats, not far from Van Ness;
rrrts $1300; only ?4 cash; all rented.
J9.500 — Market-Et. corner: store, flat and base-
ment: modern building; former price,
J15.C00.
' Must sell: two flue flats; 6 Hyde St.,
near City Hall; rents $75.
jj_00O — Store property on Ninth Ft., near Mar-
ket; very cheap.
$S,000— Rents $70: new flats near Van Nees ave.
$(; i Ooo— I\.>t st.; threj flats; rents $60.
$4_ifcO — Four elegant flats of 4 rooms each;
rents $40.
$3,250— Mission flats: rents $310 annually; near
Twenty-fourth £t. • V . * ? •
$M-''V-Oozy 5-room cottag-e on Castro et.
$2,200— Rents 138; Vallejo Et. ; worth $3500.
A. ri. SPECK & CO. €67 MARKET ST.
KEAI, ESTATE — COIJXTIIY — For Sale
$10.000— A FINE bearing vineyard of 33 acres;
the crop ready ln six weeks; estimated *at
$2000; district free of frost and freo of dls- :
••ase; IVj miles from Cloverdale: winery, ca-
pacity of 70.000 gallons; this place wants ln-
to be fully appreciated: will not b«
for/»ale after the 1st of September. Address
T. J. D.. S44 Cloverdale. .
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
2CC0 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
llrt. More than all other apents ln this city.
N. D. SICKELS. the land agent. 6 Gcaiy st.
TO LEAPE^-Pather rnnch. San Pablo Creek.
Contra Costa County: 1150 acre»: 2.V> aores
FralTi land: well watered; railroad facilities.
In perron to R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park.
ONE acre fcr sale; well improved: house, trees.
water: near station: store, church, tchool.
Gi:r H. BAUSBCRY. Pan Jose.
i PRINTED liFt— M. GRIFFIX. 713 Market, r. 1;
| farms and city property exchanged or foM.
i — —^— — «— — — — —
KRAI, ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FINE residence !n beet location In Oakland,
fronting on a city park; flat mortgage of $no©O
recently rrade; will take smaller piice or good
country place or lots clear or may assume
email amrtfagt. BELDEX & COOK. TVash-
lngton and Fourteenth. Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
12300 — A NEW C-room cottage: connected ¦with
cas and 'water mains; street work all done;
electric cars pass t ne property; cash or in-
stallments. Apply to MASON & McLENA-
THEN. adjoining P. P.. Rerkeley.
SAFE Investment for $7300; block of land favor-
ably located near cominc Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars C.WILLMOTT. 916 Market Ft..S.F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.'
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
| $250 CASH, balance flat at S per cent; new
j etory and a half home of 8 rooms; porcelain
bath and tiled sink: gas fixtures and shades;
cement walks; excellent neighborhood: near
local trains and car lines. BELDEN &
COOK. Washington and Fourteenth sts.
$?"0— FOUR rooms, bath; high basement: brick
foundation; l block from electric cars: 10
minutes' walk to Htb and Broadway. BEL-
DEN & COOK, Washington and Fourteenth.
jljon— NfiW house of 6 rooms; modern through-
out: sunny side of street on McClure Heiphts.
BELIjKN" & COOK. Washington and 14th sts.
I $1600 — TWO flats of 4 rooms and bath each,
within easy walking distance of Uth and
Broadway; well rented. BELDEN & COOK.
Washington and Fourteenth sts.
$175 CASH. S10 monthly; new cottage, 3 large
rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation; i
large level lots, 50x2uC; price all told {775;
will fence and finish up to suit buyer; plenty
of pood water: soil, climate and view the very
best; close to electric car lino and 99-foot-wld a
boulevard, and not far from model school-
house; no fogs nor raw winds here; Westall
Tract, adjoining: East Oakland; 10 buildings
tou« ud already; more coming; call or send
for circular: 4^3 Seventh St., near corner. I
Broadway. Oakland: carriage free. HENRY
Z. JONES, owner.
J. L. DOBLE & CO.. 4C6 Eighth St., Oakland.
Telfrhcne Red OG. Bargain List'.!
Olive ran'-h So acres. 6 miles from Napa, S350O.
Prune ranch 35 acres. 3 miles from Santa
Rosa. 12300.
peven-room hou?e on Chestnut St.; lot 50x150;
JJOCO; IliO down, balance J20 per month.
Two fiats and a house on Tenth St.; rent $35
per month : price |2M)0.
Lodjrlng-house of 80 rooms on Washington
et.: jjjoo.
Lodging-house of 48 rooms on Saa Pablo ave.;
12600; rent $100.
J220O— RENTAL J25; modern 6-roomed cottage
ln fine condition; within a few blocks of the
City Hall: for a rjulck ca?h sale. GEO. W.
AUSTIN & CO., 10OT Broadway, Oakland.
XTZO— COST over $4500; modern Eastlake home
of 8 fine large rooms; all ln fine condition;
nicest location: near Adeline and Center sta-
tions. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. 100S Broad-
Way. Oakland.
(MOI^-NBW modern cottage containing 7 large
rooms, hath and laundry: first floor finished
In scorched pine, very handsome and rich;
library and desk In same, design; porcelain
bath; open nickel-plated plumbing; large lot;
4 fert above 5treet grad«; stone wall, steps
and walks: will sell on easy terms. Ajsply to
J. £-. JOHNFON*. 10O2 Broadway. Oakland.
$S50 — FOR Fa!e; beBt bargains ln Oakland; 4-
room cottage, bathroom, pantry, hot and cold
watfr, laundry and shop; lot 2oxS0. 1206 Pe-
ralta st.. between Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
¦West Okaland.
<1 ACRES t^ rent near Oakland; rich land,
with buildings, tools, wagons and stock.
6ALSBURY. 4:9 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAAU HOUSES TO LET.
I FOR the best houses, cottages and flats, fur-
nished or unfurnished, to be had, p<v> GEO.
W. AUSTIN' & CO.. IOCS Broadway, Oakland
OAKLAND Fl'HXITlHE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Echellhaas, th»
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin.* Oakland.
ROOMS FOR I1ODSEKEEI'I.\G._
BARTLETT. 413— Three sunny rooms furnished
or unfurnished; reasonable; $10. \
CHESTNUT. 27S— Two or three sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; fine marine view.
FOLSOM, S34— Sunny front bay window room
end kitchen; bath, modern conveniences; $3
week. '/--*' ' • ; "" ; -
FOURTH. 246— Parlor suite for lAsekeeplng;
aleo single housekeeping rooms. ./^"
OOLDEN GATE, C22— Sunny suites furnished
for houEekeeplng; gas stove; running water.'
GO1<DEN GATE, 1035— One or four housekeep-
ing rooms; chea«).
HAMPTON place. 19, off Folsom, bet Second
and Third— Four rooms and bath.
HOWARD, 10C3>^— Two connecting housekeeping
rms., furn., SS; also double and single rooms.
HOWARD, 1432— Bedroom and kitchen for
housekeeping; larce yard.
HIDE, 408 — Sunny frr.nt parlor suite; complete
for housekeeping; also basement suite.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny back bedroom and kitchen,
furnished complete for housck'plng; yard; $10.
MISSION, 1221, near new postofHce— NJc«ly
furnished housekeeping rooms; no children.
OAK. 119— Sunny front room furnished for
housekeeping, $3; ga3 extra; suitable for two.
POWELL. 819 — Punry front rooms opposite
Union Square; single and .housekeeping.
POWELL. 1401—2 or 3 nice sunny connecting
rms. furnished for housekpg; sink, gas, bath.
SHIPLEY. 281. near Sixth— Complete house-
keeplng rooms: single or double.
BIXTH, 408— Furnished housekeeping rooms.
ET. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Corner
tunny *uite« complete for light housekeeping;;
also single rooms; rent reasonable; bath, tele-
phone and reception room.
BUTTER. 407— Three housekeeping rooms.
TEHAMA. 478, near Sixth— Two front rooms'
furnished for housekeeping; $9.
VAN NESS. 40!— Front bay-window suite, new-
ly furnished for housekeeping; ga» range.
2 LAKGE sunny rooms, nicely furnished and
" rapered. complete for housekeeping; rent $2 25
per werk; also on** large room, furnished eom-
Vlftte for housekeeping; rent $1 25 per week.
Apply shoe • i-torc, £62 Mission, st., between
First and Second sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, "230 Flllmoro st.
A "BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubsrrlrtlons has been established at 109$
Valencia st- .
Chinese prisons are loathsome with
filth, but as the Chinaman is accustomed
to dirt, their state does. not trouble him.
Petty offenders get a pint of old rice a
day if they are without other means of
support. Ordinarily, however, friends and
relatives nre expected to provide the food.
In winter they arc allowed a thick jacket,
and If sick they have medical treatment.
Warmed beds are provided for the aped
or infirm criminal in winter and cooling
drinks in summer.— London Mall.
Constables are periodically beaten if
they fall to produce prisoners. When war-
rants are Issued the policeman intrusted
with the warrant has thirty days in which
to produce his man. If he fails to pro-
duce him or arrests the wrong man he
incurs a penalty one degree le^s heavy
than that due to the real oflemfer. The
position of constable is not much sought
after in China. A certain Chinese law,
having reference to all manner of crimes,
often permits a criminal to escape pun-
ishment entirely. The Chine&e regard the
continuance of the succession of a family
as infinitely Important— more important,
indeed, than the punishment of a heinous
offense. Thus, If the last survivor of a
family kills hi? wife he escapes execution
on the ground that if he were killed there
would be no one left to worship the an-
cestral tablets! -.
The law, says Mr. Alabaster, distinctly
discourages "larking." and, indeed, games
generally. There is a case quoted in which
three men playing at horse managed to
tumble over in a heap on the roadway,
and one of them, falling on the brass-
bound pipe ln the pocket of him who lay-
undermost, was thereby killed. .The
Judges declined to allow the case to be
dealt with as one of misadventure and in-
sisted upon the smoker being sentenced
capitally.
.The most Ignominious of all penalties
in the Chinese code is slicing to pieces,
with extinction of the family. The con-
demned man is tied to a cross and by a
scries of painful cuts his body Is sliced
beyond recognition, the idea being to de-
stroy the future as well as the present
life of the offender. The Chinese believe
that the spirit of the dead man will ap-
pear as a collection of-little bits— a dread-
ful Ignominy.
Chinese law 1? a maze of contradictions
and complexities, but the magistrate who
fails to thread his way among them prop-
erly is severely punished, tor instance,
if a magistrate pronounces a sentence of
decapitation when it should have been
strangulation he receives a thrashing with
the bamboo, and the executioner who car-
ried out the magistrate's original sentence
shares the punishment with him.
Similar penalties await official careless-
ness of all kinds, but there is one partic-
ularly amusing rod in pickle for the erring
Judge. -If an offender is allowed to escape
the penalty due to his offense the un-
happy magistrate must himsalf suffer the
full penalty which he ought to have ex-
acted.
In a bad case of murder accessories may
not be visited with the death penalty..
Thus, If half a dozen persons 'commit the
crime, and it was uncertain who struck
the blow, the first striker is> held to be
the guilty one, and he alone is executed.
Again, should one of the accessories
chance to die in prison the sentence of the
man held responsible in the first place is
commuted.
Advocacy in the law courts, moreover,
is as dangerous as chivalry. It is re-
corded that a distinguished scholar, de-
sirous of shining as a barrister, was sen-
tenced to two years* imprisonment and
eighty strokes with the Chinese equivalent
oi' the birch for trying to coax from the
Judge ln a criminal case a verdict of
manslaughter instead of a verdict of mur-
der.
The apathy with which Chinese will
stand by and see offenses committed has
often been the subject of adverse criti-
cism among foreigners. Mr. Alabaster ex-
plains that It is due to fear of the law.
He cites a case wherein two ruffians at-
tempted to abduct another man's wife.
Hearing her cries i a gallant Chinaman
went to her assistance. The ¦ real crimi-
nals appear to have escaped, but the gal-
lant rescuer got several years.
The same law sometimes finds a differ-
ent expression. A corporal found a sentry
asleep on duty and he hit him with a
watchman's pole so that the sentry died.
Now, the watchman's pole is a 'civil in-
strument. So the unhappy corporal re-
ceived 100 blows and three years' transpor-.
tation.
As in England, the law prevails; mili-
tary interference Is not tolerated. A ser«
geant who caught a man gambling had
him flogged on the spot. For i, this thai,
sergeant received 100 blows with *ie Bam-
boo himself and three years' transporta-
tion. The soldiers who flogged the gam-
bler under the sergeant's direction re-
ceived as their share ninety blows and two
years' transportation to the Chinese Bot-
any Bay— a district on the borders of the
empire.
China has a very complete legal sys-
tem, the growth oi thousands oi years.
The first indication of law to be found in
Chinese tradition is the institution of mar-
riage about i)»e year 2S52 B. C.
A remarkable difficulty which the Chi-
nese Government has to contend with Is
pointed out In Mr. Alabaster's standard
work on Chinese criminal law. There are
three sets of laws— Tartar. Chinese and
Mohammedan — and when the codes clash
the result Is not unamuslng. There may
be three " criminals equally guilty of the
same offense and brought for trial to the
same court at the same time, with the re-
sult that- the criminal amenable to Tar-
tar law escapes with a whipping, the Mo-
hammedan Incurs the penalty of military
service and the prisoner tried under Chi-
nese law, besides being bamDooed, is
transported for life.
The Innocent Fear Them More Than
Do the Wicked.
CHINA'S CURIOUS LAWS.
E G Roche & w, N Y C H Morse Jr&w. Chg
W E Avery, England Dr&Mrs Fosbe. Ens
T J Kirk & w. Colusa L M Fosbe. Ens
W M Harrlngton&w Noodbnoy, Bombay
J XelsonA-w, Woodl'nd Mrs A H Bray, St 1»
H B Wood & w. Cal S H Bray, St Louis
W A Brewer, Cal O H Bray. St Louis
J R Williams. Los A |H Olle. New York
U S Murray. Los Ang C F Howe. Chicago |
C E Ilodde & w. Mo H D Yerrington. Cal :
J R Tanshard Jr, Phlla E D Jones. Woodslde j
R M Cadwaldrr. Phlla F E Johnson. Xapa
E Merryfleld, Riverside C Dunphy. Millbrae
E W Smith. Conn A McKinney. N Y
Mrs W A Shannon N Y^F J Dunham. X Y
C W Shannon. X Y Is W Mfyorfetd, X Y
Gerrald Shannon. X Y S W Lewis. Brooklyn
F C Lu.«k. Chico IE N Howard. S Mateo
J S Chlkls, "Weave^v'ieO P Jenk'.ns. Stanford
A T Walker, X Y i.Tno Fennell. Tehama
Robt Walker, N Y" Mrs C W Waldeon
Miss Walker. N Y C W Marlott&w, D C
J Frelborg&w. Conn III Koch. New York
Edw Hidden. St Louis I Mrs. E Barron, Mayfld
GRAND HOTEL.
A P Bruner & w, UklalDr H Bayless. L Ang
F T MoLaughlln, L AnJF S Tlmherlake. Rt Lou
H McClure. Cal H Marshall & w, Cal
Miss A McClure. Cal E M Wilkinson. Cal
V Richards, S Jose W O Watson, S Jose
X R Smith, S Jose O Kamp. Fresno
R R Veal. Martinez J Bonner & w . Fresno
Y Williams, U S N Mrs M Preston. S Jose
F II Hyatt. Pomona M E Weaver. S Jose
G X E Griffith, Mo O T Wella, Wllllts
H A Daggatt. Ptanfrd J II Botcher. Sacto
Mrs H Weber, Cal K E Murray. Shasta
Mrs O W Knause, Cal F N Baueraft, Stanfd
H Newmark, Cal W Mlsner, Stanford
Mrs L Kraft, S Diego R J Dempsey, Chso
Miss C Kraft, S Diego E Marlow & w, X Y
E Kraft, S Diego S Armstrong, vr St son,
J L Clark. Los Ans Cal
B W Washington, L A Miss B McClatchy. Cal
J B Yakey. Pt Orchard F M Runkle, Los Ang
J W Selover, Ptland J M Merritt. Cal
G H Hooper, X Y Mrs A J Newbury. Cal
F H Folsom. Seattle Mrs V W Miller, Cal
J P Kellogg. NY A L Hobbs, Fresno
J L Davis, St Louis F II Stoddanl, Sonoma
D A Matheson & w, E H Scott. Chicago
Chlco A F Snltz. Denver
L Coleman. Redding J H Read, Sacto
C P Chandler & w. L M Hancock, Cal
Butte E Colliver, Healdsburg
D Xewbergen, Oregon!
XEW WESTERX HOTEL.
C Jennincs. Sacto |S E He1u, Reno, N«rv
M Ippcn. Napa J T Robeson, Beatrice,
Fred Nodsle, Alcatrai Xfb
Ed Schobin. Bishoo W H Brown, Lockhart.
Jessie Waddle. Sacto Texas
E O Holan. Los Ans S C Ballard. Marysv'le
Win Johnson. San Jose H S Dort. Fresno
Jack Anderson, Chi C R Beady. Chicago
W E Reavis. Redrt'g O W Weatherbee &
J Burke. Reddinar family. Stockton
J J White. K;«i City R Couehell. Los Gatos
LYXXGREEX— In this city, to the wife of Joe
Lynngreen, a son.
McDONALD— In this city, August 19, 1900, to
the wife of John J. McDonald, a daughter. /
SUMMERFIELD— In this city, August 22, 1900.
to the wife of Lesser Summerfield, a daugh-
ter. , f ¦
PALACE HOTELl .
HE McKee, Los AngiW T Barron. Wash DC
A J Buttes. Salt Lake J J White.. Pacific Gve
R J Coleman, Salt L'kelW R Dudley. Stanford
HOTEL ARKIVALS.pi HARLES WILLIAMS DEMANDED THAT A JURY IN THE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT SHOULD AP-
I PRAISE THE WORTH OF HIS CHARACTER IN AMERICAN COIN. THE- AWARD WAS MADE AND THE
*"-* CALL MUST PAY IT. THE ABOVE CERTIFIED CHECK, REPRESENTING THE COMMERCIAL VALUE OF
CHARLES WILLIAMS' REPUTATION, WILL BE DEPOSITED TO-DAY WITH THE CLERK OF. THE UNITED
STATES CIRCUIT COURT. •, ..
VALUE OF ONE MAN'S REPUTATION
UNDER THE FIRE OF INQUIRY
JONAS DDTKELSPIEL SEEKS SOLACE IN" DEATH.
MATTHEW GERBER MAKES SURE THAT HIS AIM DOES NOT FAIL.
ward, another brother, is proprietor of the
Solano Republican. Jonas was a member
of Solano Parlor. N. S. O. "W.
DIUS OF HEART FATLTXRE.
Moritz Dinkelspiel, a Birds Landing
Merchant, Expires Suddenly.
Special LMsoatch to The Call.
SUISUN, Aug. 27.— Word was received
here shortly after 8 o'clock this morning
of the sudden death of Moritz Dinkel
spiel. a prominent citizen of Birds Land
ing and a member of the firm of Bird &
Dinkelspiel, general merchants of that
town. His death was due to heart failure.
A few days ago he returned from the
springs and felt much Improved, In health.
Yesterday he had two attacks of heart
failure. He ate a hearty breakfast and
went over to the store for a few minutes
this morning. Soon afterward he return
ed to the house, suffered another attack
and expired In a fe»w minutes. The de
ceased was 45 years, 6 months and 25 days
old at the time of his death. He was n,
native of Germany and came to this
country when about IS years of age.
For the first four years he made his
home in Suisun and then went to Birds
Landing to enter the employ of M. & A.
Dinkelspiel. dealers in general merchan
dise. About fourteen years ago he formej
a partnership with John Bird and they
bought the store of the Dinkelspiels and
have conducted the business ever since.
He was a member of Birds Landing: lodga
of Odd Fellows, also of Suisun Lodge 'So.
55, F. & A. M.. and of Suisun Chapter No.
7S, R. A. M. His only immediate relatives
In this country are Herman and Jonas
Dinkelspiel of Blrd3 Landing. The fune
ral will take place at Birds Landing to
morrow morning and will be conducted by
Birds Landing lodge, I. O. O. F.. and the
remains will be taken on the afternoon
boat to San Francisco. The interment
will be at the Home of Peace Cemetery on
Wednesday.
JONAS DINKELSPIEL, a younger
brother of Attorney Henry G. "W.
Dinkelspiel. committed suicide yes
terday in his room in the Winches
ter House, Third street, by shooting him
self through the head. The bullet passed
through his skull. The shot was heard by
employes in the house and the young man
was found lying on the floor of his room
with the blood pouring from a wound in
his right temple. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital in the ambulance, but
Dr. Bunnell said his death was only a
question of a few hours. He died shortly
before 5 o'clock.
His brother, who wa3 promptly notified
of the attempt at suicide, hurried to the
hospital. He was overcome with emotion
and said the blow would kill his mother,
who Is in feeble health. He had been
shocked an hour or two earlier by the
news that his cousin, Morris Dinkelspiel,
had dropped dead at Collinsville, Solano
County. To his knowledge there was no
motive for hia brother's rash act. The
dead man had left a note addressed to
him. but it assigned no cause for ending
his life, simply bidding him and the family
good-byand requesting him to take charge
of his body and to break the news gently
to his mother.
Jonas Dinkelspiel was 25 years old and
unmarried. After the death of his father,
who was a wealthy merchant in Suisun.
three years ago. he and his brother Meyer
continued the business till about a year
ago, when they concluded to give It up.
Meyer engaged In the grain business and
Jonas, who was a talented musician,
turned his attention to music. He went to
Seattle, where he -was employed In a piano
house, but returned to this city a few
months ago. He went to Nome expecting
to make a fortune, but came back ten
days ago thoroughly despondent and en
gaged a room at the Winchester House.
There is no woman kp*wn in the case and
he was not financially embarrassed, as hl3
relatives kept him well supplied with
money. The only cause that is surmised
is that he was despondent at his failure
to get along as well as his brothers. Ed-
Pocahontas Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas, Improved Order of Red Men.
gave a social to its members and friends
last evening In the Shlels building. Those
in attendance enjoyed delightful music
and a well-arranged programme of
dances. The committee In charge was
Sarah Gutstadt. Flossie Poole. Frederick
Andsen, L. F. Coudette and J. F. Buck
waldt. /%*
Degree, of Pocahontas.
J. Bertz reopens the Central Dining-rooms, 24
Ellis. His reputation miarantees excellence. •
of the good work that was being accom
plished there before the Boxer uprising.
Her family was located for many years
at Paotingfu. which was the center of
some of the bloodiest riots. Her son J.
Walter Lowrie. accompanied her as far
as Shanghai. He «vaa at Tientsin at the
time of the bombardment and assisted In
caring for the wounded. Mrs. Lowrie
thinks that most of the missionaries In
that part of China from which she came
have been massacred.
A pleasant reception was tendered Mrs.
H. H. Finch, for. more than ten years a
member of the First Presbyterian Church
In this city, at the home of Mrs. C. S.
Wright, on Sacramento street, yesterday
afternoon. Mrs. Wrig+it is president of the
Occidental board, of which Mrs. Finch has
also been a member. The Finches are to
remove to Cincinnati. Between sixty and
seventy prominent church women were
present. The members were given a de
lightful talk by Mrs. A. P. Lowrie, who
recently returned from China. She told
Reception to Mrs. H. H. Finch.
Ladler.' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 526 Sutter. •
Lieutenant Davis of the Presidio, who
went to the California-street police sta
tion Sunday night and requested police,
aid to discover the whereabouts of Cap
tain James B. Goo, who he stated had
been missing since Friday last, denied
yesterday that such was his object in vis
iting the station. He claimed he went
with a friend to ask for police escort
through Chinatown to see the sights. It
was a fact, nevertheless, that he report
ed Captain Goe missing and wanted him
searched for in the tenderloin, and all
this time the gallant captain was enjoy
ing himself. The missing officer returned
to his post last evening and is ready to
assume charge of the batch of 125 recruits
that are ordered to leave this port on the
30th inst. on the Rosecrans. Captain Goe
was not attached to the Presidio and was
privileged to go and come when he pleased
until the transport was ready to sail.
Battery O, Seventh Artillery, is to take
station at the Benicla arsenal and will
ltave in a day or so with the guns and
horses. Batteries C and M received orders
yesterday to prepare for embarkation on
the Rosecrans. The guns and horses,
under charge of a detachment of fifteen
men from each battery, will be sent to
the Philippines on the Federlca, which
sails a few days later.
Three hospital stewards and 100 privates
will take passage on the Rosecrans for
duty in the Philippines.
, The Third Battalion of the Second In
fantry, consisting of headquarters and
band and 544 men and four hospital corps
men, commanded by Colonel A. W. Cor
liss, arrived at the Presidio from Fort
Thomas, Ky..,yesterday. The other offi
cers with the command are: Captains
Kernan, Wright and Bcnham and Lieu
tenants Hines. Harris. Bishop, Lutz. Mar
quart, "Wescott. Williamson and Martin
and Acting Assistant Surgeon Powell.
Saving N"b Regular Duties He Sim
ply Remained Away From the
Garrison Until Ready to
Return.
Takes a Vacation for a Day
or Two and Is Searched
For by .Friends.
MISSING ARMY
OFFICER FOUND
AT PRESIDIO
The death of Special Officer George F.
Nichols, who was killed on Thursday last
while attempting to capture a burglar, has
left his family destitute. With the money
he earned as a watchman Nichols sup
ported his wife and three small children,
and now without a provider they must
depend on others for support. A petition
for funds for the family's relief will bo
circulated by friends of the dead special.
Nichols' Family Is Destitute.
For more than fifty years the famous Jesse
Moore whiskey has been the standard brand of
the world. •
Mrs. Kate de Costa, 1718 Mission street,
was held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Cabanlss yesterday on a
charge of assault to murder. Last Thurs
day, while Mrs. Nellie Yorke, 17 Chesley
street, was asleep on her bed, Mrs.
de Costa entered the house from the rear,
slashed Mrs. Yorke's wrists with a carv
ing knife and said- she would kill her".
Kate de Costa Held to Answer.
For the Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established in the Oak
land Ferry Depot (on the ground floor In
the center of the building), where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving in the transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special Delivery, 408 Taylor st. and
C50 Market st. :?>: <¦.; A .. •
The Autopsy Showed Beyond a Doubt
That the Woman Died of
. Alcoholism.
Coroner Cole said yesterday that he
could see no reason why an-Inquest should
be' held into the cause of death of Jeanne
La. Roche, who died at the Sutherland
Hotel on August 1. A searching autopsy
had been made by Morgue Surgeon Le
land. and he. found acute alcoholism to
have been the cause of death. There was
no evidence found to warrant the state
ment that had been made by certain in
terested parties that the woman had died
of septicaemia or blood poisoning. The
stomach had been analyzed by City Toxi
cologist Charles L. Morgan and City
Chemist Frank A. Green and no indica
tions of any poison were found.
In the face of such positive evictence
by the experts and In the total absence
of any evidence to contradict them, the
Coroner does not see any necessity for
the holdlnp of an inquest, his duty being
to determine the cause of death, and that
duty having been already performed. He
has every confidence in the integrity of
his chief deputy, P. J. McCormlck, and
considers that it is the office of the police
to make whatever investigations they
may deem necessary recardlnK the dead
woman's jewelry claimed by Nurse Simp
son.
Miss Simpson, who is charged with
grand larceny for cteallnp Jewelry of the
value of $750, appeared Judge Con-
Ian yesterday morning-- She was instruct
ed as to her rights and as she said she
had not yet engaged an attorney to look
after her interests the case was continued
till Friday. Yesterday afternoon she em
ployed ex-Judge Low to defend her.
NO INQUEST IN THE
LA ROCHE MATTER
Tanner's plea will be In vain. He was
granted a stay of execution for two days
by Judge Dunne yesterday. At the ex
piration of the stay he will be taken to
Folsom, there to live for his remaining
years.
is under the comand of the Roman Catholic
clergy. Very respectfully.
GEORGE LOUIS TAXNER.
The soil of Peru contains a large num
ber of mineral species. At the present
time the number of mines in exploitation
Is 2300. employing 70.000 workmen. The
value of ore has increased by more than
50 per cent within the last two years
over that * 1S0S. *
Ledgers, record books, made of Bank Stock
ledger paper, are best. Myscll-Rolltas. 23 Clar.«
nfps'. ling' elder San Francisco district; anthem,
rhnir Grace M. E. Church: address of wel
crime Hev. . John Stephens, paator Simpson
Mpmorial M. E. Church; adlress of welcome,
nev E R- TtUte. D.D.. pastor First M. E.
Church Oakland; response. Bishop John W.
Hamilton. D. I">. : male quirtet. •'HlessM Is
He Who Ccm*th"'Gounod>,Slmpson Mal# Quar
tet William II. I>ay. Dr. Barrett. E. T. Bar
rett. I. E. ninke; address. Rev. James R. Day.
p p., chancellor Syracuse University: address.
Rev. M. C. Harris. D. D.. representing our
Chines* and Japanese work; solo. "Fear Ye, O
Israel." J- E- Jones: address. Rev. S. D. Hut
sinplller. P.P.. pastor Central M. E. Church:
response. Bishop David H. Moore: hymn.
"Blest Be the Tie That Binds Our Hearts In
Christian Love": benediction. Itov. A. C.
Ease, pastor California-street Church.
A welcome reception will be tendered
Bishop John W. Hamilton. D D.. resident
Bishop at San Francisco, and a farewell
and godspeed to the Right Rev. David H.
«".„ cishop resident at Shanghai.
China* to-night. In Grace M. E. Church.
TwentV-flrst and Capp streets, under the
nuS of the Methodist Social Union of
this city The following order of exer
cises has been arranged:
VISITING BISHOPS TO
BE GUESTS OF HONOR
The bold theft of a purse from a woman
In a lace store and an attempted burglary,
committed within half a block of tho
saloon -wrier© Special Policeman George
F. Nichols wa3 shot by a crook a few
days ago, have been reported to the Cali
fornia-street police station.
Last evening- Mrs. C. E. Cotton, a r **t
dent of Oakland, applied at the station Tor
assistance In recovering a purse and coo
tents which she claims to have lost In a
most peculiar manner late in the after
noon. Mrs. Cotton sr.ys she went into
Samuels' lace store for the purpose of
making a purchase. She seated herself
at a counter and laid a purse containing
$20 and a small handbag on her lap. The
clerk proceeded to wait on her and when
she came to pay for the goods sha had
bought she was startled to discover that
her purse had been taken. *
A thorough search of the premises was
made, but the missing article did not turn
up. The police believe that a bold sneak
thief relieved her of her valuables while
she was busy examining goods.
Burglars made a bold attempt to enter
the market conducted by F. Paddock at
th© corner of Washington and Mercharu
streets Sunday night. Tho th ' eve * J|*{*
cut an aperture in a wire scre*^ which
protects the lock on the dog'-.^^Y"®
frightened away before they had a chance
burglar last Thursday night.
Mrs. Cotton Relieved of Her
Money While at Lace
Counter.
WOMAN LOSES
HER PURSE IK
QUEER MANNER
Bishop? John W. Hamilton and David
H. Moore attended the weekly meeting of
the Methodist Episcopal ministers yester
day morning- and delivered stirring ad
dresses to the large gathering of preach
ers and laymen. 'i he occasion was one of
great importance to the assemblage, as it
was the pastors' first opportunity to greet
the resident Bishop ana the distinguished
prelate who departs for the Orient to-day.
'lhe meeting was held In the assembly
room of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation building and the hall was inade
quate to accommodate the large attend-
Both prelates received hearty welcomes
and during the delivery of their speeches
they were constantly interrupted with
applause and fervent amens.
At the outset of his address Bishop
Moore spoke of the "forward move
ment" which is now going on in the
church. The subject of his talk, however,
¦fr-as the Orient. He gave it as his opinion
that there was a great future for the
Methodist Episcopal church in .eastern
Asia. He said that eastward the tide of
interest was going and as sure as there
was a God in the heaven the essential
principles of the Christian religion would
dominate. In part he said:
"I look for the time when we shall have
Chinese Methodism. What do we want
with American Methodism for China.
Japan and Korea? We want the princi
ples of John Wesley exemplified by a
great Oriental Methodism. I go forth
realizing in a way I never dreamed of the
solemn responsibility that will rest upon
me in China. If I were to go forth in my
own strength alone I would resign, but
believing that I will be sustained by the
Almighty. I will undertake the work
without "fear. The history of the church
has shown that it has chosen the weak
tn confound the mighty. I hope to know
r.t thing? through the inspiration of the
tupport that God has promised to those
who look to him for guidance, strength
and direction.
"I will depart to-morrow for the Orient
Bishop Notifies the Local
Pastors That He Wants
Capahle Men.
HftWIILTON SEES
GROWTH IN CITY
AND METHODISM
"I fully expected it would be my duty
to go to China and I anticipated going.
I found, however, that young men were
needed for war and old men for council.
So Bishop Moore, who is a young man
and full of exuberant spirits, was sent.
The choice was a wise one. He has been
at the front before and I would not be
surprised If you looked In his trunk you
would find his Winchester. He is a very
nroper man to go to Shanghai, and I
hope he will not have much fighting to
do when he reaches China. I have a feel
ing that he has a better mission and a
higher one. I am not a believer in war.
It is said that Grant himself never want
ed to talk about war and never wanted
to fight himself, and was most careful in
grapnic descriptions not to give his hor
rible experiences on the battlefield.- A
good soldier never wants to fight."
The speaker then dwe.lt on himself. He
said all who did not know him had jusi
to look at the newspapers and they would
enlighten them. • «* '-
"1 must differ with Bishop Moore when
he says he looks for Japanese, Chinesu
and Korean Methodism. I believe that
the democracy of Methodism will encir
cle the world. You cannot expect to con
tinue the old form of government in
China. Japan and Korea. Things will
have to shape themselves. While we are
going to have Japanese, Chinese and Ko
rean Methodism, it will be Impregnated
with the spirit of all our American
preachers.
"I think the best way for us to carry on
our work at home and abroad is to have
the great force centered here at home to
vitalize the world. I believe that the
Methodist Kplscopal church is able to run
its household, furnish it. own its own ef
fects and run itself successfully, as well
as any other denomination. Other denom
inations may help us. and we will recipro
cate by helping them.
San Francisco's Opportunity.
"San Francisco Is a coming capital of a
coming kingdom. Just now all the world
is looking through your telescope, and
they will look upon China through this
State. You are going to open up great
opportunities for renewing work in that
whole Eastern world, and in order to do it
you will have to grow. You will have
more people. You have the fruit to feed
them and you have. the cereals, and people
are coming here. I have applications
enough in my satchel to fill all the ap
pointments. I have had friends say to me,
¦Hamilton, I am ready to leave; I will go
with you. I would like to come.' There
is no opportunity on the continent like the
opportunity California has to-day. Meth
odism must be as big. as California. You
are the biggest church in the whole coun
try. Really, there is nothing so dangerous
as* a big thing in a little country. I am
looking for big men among you. The
great trouble with California has been
that California has not been big enough
to comprehend the work in the Orient.
The trouble has been you have had nar
row views. "You always think the Anglo-
Saxon Is 'It.' I don't think God has
'banked' everything on. the Anglo-Saxon.
"So I want big men in California. If you
have not got them I will send for them.
We will get them, and I want them. I
want your 'God bless you' to go with
Bishop Moore, and let us pray that he will
return from Eastern Asia with • his
'shields' for work he has well accom
plished. When I am at home come and
pee me. At present I will meet you on
the street, but soon .1 will have a home,
and I want to feel that your home is mine
and my home is yours. Let. us come to
gether and forget all titles, and simply be
together as Methodist brethren.".
After the singing of an appropriate
hymn and the delivery by Chancellor Day
of a prayer. Rev. Dr. Harris delivered a
short but feeling speech, which he direct
ed to Bishop Mcore. It was an appeal to
him to lend his great aid to the Japanese.
The speaker dwelt at length on the work
in Japan. The singing of the Doxology
closed the interesting meeting and the
Bishops were greeted by the pastors. All
who shook hands with Bishop Moore left
a coin in his palm to be devoted to the
building of a church In the Orient.
Bishop Hamilton Speaks.
and as soon as the propellers of the Hong
kong Jlaru bring me to the scene I will
call a general conference of the mission
aries in Shanghai. After the counsel of
war with the brave men who are upon
the ground, we shall go forward as God
shall give us direction and help. Of
course, there are indemnities to be se
cured from the Chinese Government and
I have no doubt that the money will' be
paid. It will take a considerable time to
achieve this and you can help us here at
home by loaning our missionaries a suffi
cient sum of money to carry on their
work. I am glad to meet you all. I am
glad you have Bishop Hamilton with
you."
The speaker was about to pay a tribute
to his brother Bishop, when he stopped,
and gazing around the room asked if
Bishop Hamilton was present. His query
being answered In the affirmative and his
eyes having been directed to where, the
Bishop was seated. Dr. Moore held out
his hand Invitingly to him and said,
"Well. John, speak for yourself." When
the laughter ajid applause had subsided.
Rev. Dr. Dllle, president of the organiza
tion, escorted Bishop Hamilton to the
platform- At the outset of his address
Bishop Hamilton apologized for being
late. He said he had been downtown
hunting for a lost trunk, which contained
his certificate of ordination and all the
work of the conference. In part he said:
mATTHEW GERBER, a baker 21
years of age, shot himself with
the intention of committing sui
cide in a German lodging-house
at €21 California street early last evening.
The haker used tw - o revolvers fimilar In
caliber arid pattern, holding one at either
temple. The cartridge :n one pistol failed
to explode, but the bullet from the other
tore It5 way through his head, passing
cut on the right side. No reason thus far
has be*»n assigned for the young man's
rash act, except that it might have been
caused over trouble that he had with his
employer In Oakland recently.
Gerber came to this city from Schles
rtadt, Germany, when a youth. Two
years ago he visited Europe and returned
to this citv about three weeks ago.
Through the efforts of his brother, who
resides at 1954 Fourth street, he secure!
employment in Oakland and worked there
x:ntil a. couple of days ago. A dispute
with his employer caused him to leave
ar.d he had been out of work since,
though by no means out of funds or a
chance of pecurinp employment elsewhere.
The baker remained about the lodging
riouse where he shot himself most of yes
terday The proprietor, John Baumann,
Bays Gerber had been drinking a little.
but took no liquor in his house. About S
o'clock last evening he heard what he be
lieved to be the report of a pistol in Ger
ber's room, and hastened to it. He found
the door locked and pot no response when
he knocked. The door was forced and a
tragic slfrht greeted the proprietor's gaze.
Gerber was seated on the floor, his back
supported by the bed. Close to him were
two revolvers, and blood was oozing from
an ugly wound in his head.
Policemen Phillips and Attrldge were
soon on the scene and found that life was
not extinct, although the man seemed to
be breathing his last. They summoned an
ambulance ani Gerber was conveyed to
the City Receiving Hospital. Investiga
tion showed that the revolvers used were
of an old make and almost tho same. The
cartridges were of rimrire, and the one in
the revolver held in the right hand had
been dented by the trigger but failed to
explode.
Gerber had been a regular attendant at
a dancing academy every week. He
danced last Sunday night and went home
after what was apparently an evening of
pleasure for him. His friends claim that
he always had plenty of money, and do
not know of any love affair that he was
tangled up In.
Gerber died at the city Receiving Hos
pital at 1:30 o'clock this morning.
This place Is a leper establishment in the
Sandwich Island and in the United States' do
main, and I have no doubt this could be done
with the help of the United States court. I
would like the life sentence that Is passed upon
me to be changed to Molokaii. This. I belelve,
should be satisfactory to the people of Cali
fornia. If this Is granted to me I promise that
I will not complain and will not try to make
any appeal of any kind. I am well aware of
what I will see there. Good many years a^o
when I was In the harbor of Honolulu I saw
over ninety of these poor lepers leave that place
for a leper settlement of Molokaii and I had
a good chance to see all the horrors of that
Krfat plague- Hoping that my petition will be
granted so that I may be able to do a little
cood and thereby earn the salvation of my
soul by helping suffering humanity, I hope that
this motion will be approved by all the popu
lation of the United States and will be granted
to me it Is my prayer to this court.
It is also my intention to ask His Grace Arch
bishop Riordan to help me to get this favor
granted to me, as the supervision of this place
To the Honorable Frank H. Dunne, Judge of
Superior Court No. Six— Your Honor: At this
time I wlshe to make a reauest that was never
made before and that may never be made again
by any oije else after this. It may look strange
to you and no doubt you will see that it comes
from a strange mind. During my detention
he're In the County Jail I have had plenty of
time to review my past life, and as It has not
been a very useful one to humanity at large, I
would like to change it In this way. I would
like to be sent to the island of Molokaii to take
care of the multitude of lepers that are there.
In lieu of going to the State Prison at Folsom.
Tanner has communicated his wish to
spend his last years among the lepers of
Molokal, and It may be, as he says, an
effort on his part to labor for the salva
tion of his soul. Tanner's communication
reads:
BROADWAY JAIL. Aug. 20, 1900.
To live amonp the unclean of Molokal
and there to die. perhaps gnarled and
wasted by the dread leprosy, that when
his life's story Is told there may be one
chapter of pood and sacrifice, is the wish,
the prayer, of George Louis Tanner, ad-
Judged guilty of the murder of Deputy
Sheriff Brown and Fannie Barnes and
condemned to a life of penal servitude
within the walls of Folsom prison. Wheth
er or not remorse has laid 'Its grasp upon
this murderer's mind, or •whether In his
offer of sacrifice he sees a ray of hope
for ultimate liberty. Is problematical. Per
haps a free life, limited though Its years
will be, with unclean death Its Inevitable
end. Is preferable to him to those many
years more of health and strength behind
the bars of a prison.
Slayer of Deputy Sheriff Brown and
Fannie Barnes Seeks Freedom
to Labor for His Soul's
Salvation.
Strange Request Made by a
Murderer Condemned to
Life in Prison.
TANNER WOULD
LIVE AND DIE
AMONG LEPERS
PROMISING YOUNCf MAN
BLOWS OUT HIS BRAINS
Jonas Dinkelspiel, Member of a
Wealthy Family, Commits Suicide
in a Fit of Despondency.
USED TWO REVOLVERS
TO END HIS OWN LIFE
Matthew Gerber, a Young Baker,
Blows Out His Brains Without
Any Apparent Reason.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1900
14
Its use is economical and assures the most healthful and
appetizing food. *
Royal Baking imparts that ...peculiar sweetness,
flavor and delicacy noticed ': in. the finest cake, biscuit, rolls, etc.,
which; expert pastry cooks declare is unobtainable by the use
Mcslo has a refining Influence
and should be ¦ cultivated in
i every home. Tho
CotaMa Zither
i affords good music at but little
¦ cost. No instruction or tedious
. practice required to learn to
play the Columbia zither. It is
readily mastered by aid of a
chart flttins under th« strings,
thus making Jt easy to play. A
week's careful practice will en-
able you to charm the homo
circle.
Columbia zithers cost from
52 50 to $7 50. We are Pacific
Coast ae«nta.
Sherman, Clay & Co.,
Stclnway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kearny and Suttcr tU., S. F.
Cor. 13th anfl Broadway, Oakland.