THE horse transport Federica was
late in getting away last night. Uncle
Sam wants horses In the Philippines
as woll as in China, and he also
wants artillerymen.
Horses are good in their way, but mules
come, In for a great amount of praise,
more particularly when it comes to run
ning an ammunition wagon over rough
country. In consequence the Fcdorica took
away yesterday nearly as many of tho.
long-eared variety as those of longer
tails. When th»- transport Wt the wharf
there were aboard 2.">f) horses. 168 mules
and thirty-five enlisted men. The Feder
ica is to go to Manila via Honolulu, but,
like the Rosecrans, she may be sidetracked
to Taku. * . . .
Of tho thirty-fivo enlisted men on the
Federica eighteen are from Battery C and
fifteen irom Battery M. Seventh Artillery.
The Federica is fitted up in splendid
shape for tho transportation of horses.
Her lower and amidship docks have been
fixed up In such a manner as to 1 prevent
the waste and dangers that always come
i'P when a typhoon Is encountered. The
animals are kopt in as small a space as
possible and tho attendants are given
every chance to care for them properly.
On the Federica another occurrence of the
Siam disaster would be Impossible, as the
Federica is so fitted as to prevent the
horses from falling and Injuring them
selves in a heavy sea.
There was no. difficulty in getting the
animals aboard the transport yesterday.
The gangway was not as steep as some
of the stairways the horses have to climb
in San Francisco livory stables, and In
consequence the horses and mules walked
aboard and down the inclined stairways
to their stalls as though they were ashore.
FEDERICA CARRIES BIG
CARGO OF HORSES.
INHERE was more trouble attending
I the sailing of the transport Rose
[ crans yesterday than there would be
In the biggest barrel of monkeys that
ever came to San FranclPco.
The vessel was late in sailing and quite
a number of the soldiers made their es
cape over the walls and got drunk.
The officers who went after them took
many a drink during the hunt, and In
consequence when.it came near sailing
time both officers and men were well "un
der the weather."
In spite cf tho varied attractions of La
l>or day in the city, large crowds were
down watching the departure and enjoy
ing the chase for derelict doughboys.
They were all got aboard at last, after
s;s exciting an afternoon n-S was ever wit
nessed «jn Bast s-treet.
Such a riotous time was never before
feen on the water front. Drunks were
beaten into Insensibility; and tho men who
os'-aped with "lacerated wounds of the
scalp" were lucky. Tim police could not
interfere, as a corporal's guard was in full
control. Nevertheless in the ease of some
of the firemen the poFse in control nt the
gate had to Interfere, and in consequence
a number of the Kose.brans' coal-pass«?rs
were locked up and new men took their
places on the transport.
Those who wont away on the Rosecrans
wore six officers of Light Batteries C and
M Seventh Artillery, two officers unat
tached, ten acting assistant surgeons. 145
men of Battery C. 14ii men of Battery M,
T'fi recruits. 114 hospital corps and three
signal corps. Tho transport goes from
bore to Nagasaki for orders. The general
impression is that she .will go direct to
Manila from JaTian. but some of those in
army circles say she will go to Taku^
TRANSPORT ROSECRANS
SAILS FOR CHINA.
GERMAN GOVERNMENT IS
LOADING THE SAMOA.
UNCLE SAM is not the only one who
Is rushing; men. horses and sup
plies to the Far East. The Ger
man Government wants fodder and
horses and after searching the world over
the Kaiser comes to California for nis
supplies. Russia wants provisions. Eng
land and France want our wheat and now
Germany, that balked at the Chicago ho?:
and American canned meats, is knocking
at the door of California and asking for
horses and fodder.
Within the last forty-eight hours' the
British ship Samoa. 4507 tons net burden,
and the German garner Nurnbcrg, 4150
tons net burden, have arrived from for
eign ports. Both are under charter to ths'
German Government to load fodder und
horses for use of the German army in
China. ¦ \
The Samoa will dock at Lombard-street
wharf to-day and will at once be fitted
out to carry 750 horses and 5000 tons of
general merchandise to Kiaochau. On th*
opposite side of Lombard street to that
on which the Samoa will be placed the
Nurnberg will dock. She will take away
about 700 horses and irules and- over 4000
tons of fodder. The Nurnberg was from
Kobe. Japan, and an the bubonic plague
was raging there when the steamer left
she was quarantined on arrival here;
The Samoa and Nurrberg will probably
dock to-day and then the work of get
ting them ready for a trip to China will
begin at once. The chances are that it'
both dock at Lombard street it will be
one of the busiest docks on the front for
some time to come. It will be a curious
spectacle — Uncle Sam rushi.ig matters at
Folsom street. Germany hurrying supplies
away from Lombard street and Russia
loading general merchandise at Steuart
street.
ANOTHER BIG LOG RAFT
REACHES PORT.
*
CoTP NOTHER log raft reached port yes
//\\ terday. It is 61S feet lone and
Ji draws twenty-eight feet of water.
** contains over 7,000.000 feet of lum
ber and its advent makes the lumber
dealers say anathema and maranatha.
The raft was towed from West Seattle
by the tugs Tatoosh and Rescue and its
safe arrival means that at least forty
ordinary coasting vessels have been done
out of a load. Forty ordinary coaster?
would mean at least the employment of
200 sailors, masters and men and. of
course, every one of these are more than
indignant at the success of the raft-tow
ing proposition.
lhat the towins of these rafts la a men
ace to navigation even the captains of
the tups wfl! not dispute, but neverthe
less. s--o loner as money— and big- money at
that— can he made out of it the raftmer
will take the chances and those that ro
clown to the Fea in ships will also take
their chances. When the last raft came
in it was guiltless of a lipht or the sem
blance of a place on which to hang one.
Tho Call pointed out that both tugs were
liable to seizure for this infraction of the
law. When tho last raft came to an an
chorapre off MeigRS wharf yesterday it
was ornamented by a brandnew tripod
and a new lantern thaj had never seen
palt water before.
Tho trip down thr coast of the Tatoosh
and Rescue and their tow was an un
eventful one. Oft the roast of Mendocino
a storm was run into and both tups am!
raft were hove to for twenty-four hours.
The seas were very heavy, but the tus?
took refutre under the lee of the raft antl
so rode out the storm. From Cape Men
docino it was a long- pull and a strong
pull. The raft will be broken up in Mis
sion Bay.
UNCLE SAM. SENDS MORE
MEN AND SUPPLIES TO
HIS ARMY AT PEKING
Other Powers Busy on
Water Front Preparing
to Do Likewise.
LONDON, Sept. 4. 4:10 a. m. — The latest^ reliable Peking
date is how nearly a fortnight old. An undated dispatch
has been received at Vienna reporting that the allied
roops marched through the Imperial palace August 28. but it
vas known that this date had been fixed by the allied comnand
•_rs for a formal promenade. There is no other news of-any kind.
The Hongkong correspondent of the Daily Mail says that
:he Canton officials have been ordered to transmit all possible
revenue to the north for Avar expenses, and that all pay of offi
rials, from the Viceroys down, has been stopped during hos
tilities.
The Vienna correspondent of the Standard telegraphs that
be learns from a good source that the Germans, Austrians and
Italians \vill remain in Peking after the Russians withdraw.
Shanghai and Hongkong dispatches express the utmost as
tonishment at the idea of evacuating Peking.
The Daily News suggests editorially that Russia may have
made secret terms with China behind the backs of the powers.
The Standard expresses gratification at the explanation the
United States Government does not approve of Russia's pro
ceedings.
lie Daily Express publishes an interview with a New York
laman. Liu Chuah. now staying in London, who admits Li
ng Chang's "duplicity and rooted antagonism to western
ideas/' but thinks that the allies have no choice but to negotiate
with him or to retire from China altogether. (
M. de Blowitz, the Paris correspondent of the Times, as
lat the origin of Russia's decision to evacuate Peking
ivas her desire to frustrate the schemes of Emperor William and
to correct the impression produced by the Kaiser's speech at
ing to Emperor Nicholas the initiative in the appointment
of Field Marshal Count von Waldcrsee to the command of the
international troops. *
'•Russia also desired." says M. de Blowitz. "to save France
from the hard necessity of placing her troops under Count von
rsee. The United States was also much dissatisfied at
¦¦ ?pect of its troops acting under German orders.
If you compare the Russian evacuation proposal with the
can plan for beginning negotiations before Count von
Waldersee's arrival, and if you add to this the prompt adherence
f France, addressed to the United States, you have the com
plete key to the Russo-American mystery."
Russia's Decision to Evacuate
Said to Be Due to a Desire to
Frustrate the Schemes of the
Kaiser.
ermans, Austrians and Italians
Intend to Remain in Peking
After the Russians Have Re
tired.
POWERS STILL DIFFER AS TO WITHDRAWAL
AND CHINESE STATESMEN PROPOSE PEACE
L5 was Military Governor of Peking. The Austro-Hungari.in contingent i<= quar
ten ung Li'l palace. After his arres-t he was turned over to tho Japanese.
In. the provisional covernment established each nationality admlnstcra a section
of the city according to it? o-wn Ideas.
TIEXTBHC, auk. 2^.— Throe members of the Tsung 11 Yamon— Na Tung. Chlng
Ilain. and Chur.er Li— It is announced here, are perking to negotiate with the ullles
through Sir Bobert Hart, the director of the Chinese imperial maritime customs.
There ar" Coor trains daily from Tor.frku to Yar.gtsun. Tho sinking of a small
Japanese Fioaraor Interrupts river communication to Tientsin.
As announced In th* dlypatchea under date of August 22. Chung LI has been
arrcstr-d, arA it is pos?ib]<» he may be the "Prince Ching" referred to in the Pe
l:5ng dispatch of August 21 as rndoavoring to open negotiations, with thr- allies,
though there is a I'rinco Chinp. father of the heir-apparent. Lord Chamberlain of
the court and recently commander of the Peking fleld force.
PEKING, At:e. 21.— Prince Chins Is endeavoring to open negotiations with the
allies.
:<d. Aug. 22.— Chur.p Li. a member of th" Tsung li Yamon.and Prefect
'f VSAre. vi^itod tho Austrian reprpso ntative yesterday, who arres\*d lilm be
cause of the Chinese official complicity In. the attacks on tho locations. Chung
ATTEMPTS TO NEGOTIATE WITH ALLIES.
A considerable portion of the dispatch
which the department did not make pub
lic related to military details.
Chaffoe has everything woll In hand. His
driving power materially assisted prompt
relief of legations, considering arduous
service and condition of troop?.
"HARRY."
WANTS/A REWARD FOR
MURDERING FOREIGNERS
Then; 5s a possibility of the Poking drs
natch being somewhat In .error as to the
Identity of the Chinese official who is
asking for a reward for murdering firty
two foreigners. A dispatch to the Asso
ciated I'rc-ss from Chcfu, August 2T», said
Yu, the Governor of tho province of Shen-
Fi, wss reported to have invited the for
eigners in tho province to come under his
protection. It was added that about
August 21 fifty foreigners accepted the
invitation and all wore massacred. Prob
ably Yu, the Governor of Shcnsi, is iden
tical with the Yu Hsien who is referred
to in the dispatch from Peking as Gov
ernor of Shanghai.
PEKING. Aug. 21.— Yu Hsicn, Governor
of Shanghai, has sent a memorial to the
throne asking- for a reward for having
invited fifty-two foreigners under his pro
tection and for afterward having killed
them.
TO AID BRITISH AND FRENCH.
»
SHANGHAI, Sunday. Sept. 2.— The Ger
man transport Batavia will debark Ger
man troops at Woosung to assist the Brlt^
lsh and French detachments.
"TAKU (no date).— Surgeon General,
Washington: Banister reports 120 sick at
front and 200 at Tientsin. Many slightly
III. All wounded brtught from front. Re
lief will take all severe cases. Launches
and boats have returned. Plenty supplies.
All doing well. . PERLEY."
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— The War De
partment received the following from Ma
jor Perley of the hospital corps, com
manding the hospital thip Relief:
CARING FOB THJE SICK.
GERMANY NOT READY
TO GIVE UP PEKING
GENERAL BARRY EXPORTS.
Sept. 3.— The War De
>amnent yesterday reccivrd a cablegram
rora General Barry, of which the foliow
r.p portion has been made puljilc:
"TAXU C30 dalpiv— AAiutanX, ftfjaral:
BERI^IK, Sept. 3. — Negotiations con
ir.ue between the powers respecting the
repositions of Russia. It appears that
be portion of the proposal which con
emplates the removal of the legations to
lentsin does not meet with opposition,
lot the proposal that the troops phould
acate Peking will not *> e actcd u P° n «n-
U nftf-r thorough examination of the case
iy other powers, with a special view to
be Question of military advisability.
Germany"* programme is to await the
iCtlon of" the other powers. Count von
tulow the Gensan Foreign Minister, has
narte a communication to the Russian
Sxnbassador. Count Vandcr Osten-Sacken.
A hijrh official of the German Foreign
)in"oe s^aid to-day in defining Germany's
"(jprmany has not answered Russia
orraally. filthough Fhe has informed her
¦or.fidentially a« to the views of the Ger
nan Government. Certainly we do not
inject to tJ>« removal of the legations
ernporarily to Ticutsin. as this would en
ible the members to recuperate from their
¦ecent hardships. So far as the answer of
he 1'uJted States to Russia is concerned.
re bow see It to be in substantial agTee
aent v.ith Gorrr.nriy - s position."
"u'licn BSk«4 whether, if the troops were
i-itfcdrawn. the Empress Dowager and
Emperor would return to Peking, the For
.' Office oMcial in question replied that
;<T could form kg opinion worth statins on
hat subject, .
Mo-t of the German papers hero are of
he opinion that it is very doubtful it
icrtnany »» adoIlt B»»*»** sug-gestlons.
Sfltbey deplore the evidence of a threat
niiic EMlt in the European concord. One
' rlFn journal MSertfl that Emperor T\ il
i-tm while conversing with a group of
fflc«ra !it?t Saturday evening said: "Un
<< T ro conditions Ehall we give up Pe
cicg. not even* If evcr>- army corps has
o bo mobilized."
Special Dispatch to The Can.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 3.— "I have not a
single clew to the murderers," said Sheriff
Johnson at 9:30 o'clock to-night, telephon
ing from Folsom to The Call correspond
ent.
"I have Just come In from an ail day's
hunt for clews in the case, with Deputy
Sheriff Hinters oT my ot!ice and Constabla
James Donnelly." continued tho Sheriff.
"I don't know what to think of the caso.
It was elth'-r the work of some crank or
some man with vthom the victims, Wil
liam Taylor and Hans Kasmuasen, had
had a quarrel. Kasmui^en was last seen
alive about last Wednesday, and Taylor
last Thursday. Both men, I have learned,
•were given to the use of liquor. The lock
on the Rate in the road leading directly
from the Carpenter house, tho scene of
the Rasmussen murder, to the Perazzo
house, the scene of the Taylor murder,
was broken. That is a circumstanco of
some, importance as showing the road
I taken by the murderer. 1 am inclined to
believe that the murders were eommitted
by somebody familiar with the country
and the' premises. No wandering tramj>
did it. But. as 1 said, I am wholly with
out a clew. "
The Facts in the Tragedies.
Such is the discouraging report made by
Sheriff Johnson and one of his cleverest
deputies after a hard day's work on the
ground. investiBatinff as to the motive
and perpetrators of the murder of Huns
Raamumn and William Taylor, near
Folsom. described in special dispatches to
The Call. Both bod'ea were found Sun
day morning and they lay In each in
stance In the kitchen. Rasmussen in the
house of William Carpenter, and Taylor
In the house of Joseph Pcraizo. The
houses are nearly two miles apart In a
desolate and unfrequented part of thw
county, two or three mik.s southeast <>f
Folsom. Carpenter and Ferazzo ar*> both
¦well-to-do sheep owners. They are -with
their flocks on the mountain ranpea tifty
miles away. They placed the murdered
men on their respective places aa care
takers during their absence. When the
offlc«rs went to the scene of the murders
they found the houses locked at every
doer. Only one means of access was
visible at each house, a half-open window.
In each instance the body had been life
less for several days. In nrither instance
had robbery been commit tetl. either as to
the house or the person of the slain. In
neither Instance was there tho slightest
evidence of a struffjrle.
Savage Are the Murders.
Tet the murders were most savase.
Each body contained several bullets. The
Indications were that after ' the victims
had fallen the murdorer or murderers
fired into the prostrate form. Strangely
enough, tho keys of the fast-locked door
could not be found. Kither the murderer
had escaped by tho half -open window
through which ho entered, or had closed
the kitchen door after him, locked it
with the key taken from the body, and
taken tho kev with him on his flight. But
tho amazing feature of the caso Is that
the murderer should have done almost the
same thing at both houses, and should
have found both his victims fully dressed
and unprepared for resistance, and In the
same portion of hou?os that He nearly two
miles from each other.
These are tho facts on which the offi
cers are working. Another coincidence is
referred to bv all the officers connected
with the case as tho most remarkable ever
encountered in tho whole racgo of thefr
experience.
Folsom is In a turmnil over the murders.
Farmers living In places equally as Iso
lated as those where the murders occurred
are struck by the uncanny features of th«
caso and ar<? torturing themselves with
the dread that some maniacal murderer
is abroad and bent on accomplishing h!s
fearful crimes in a fantastic fashion.
Theories in the Tragedies.
In Sacramento the murders form an ab
sorbing topic. The fact, first stated her©
to-day by District Attorney Baker, that
the gate on tho road leading from one
lanch house to the other had boon forced
open 'Is accepted as showing that tho
murderer traveled on horseback or in a
wagon, as a ir.nn on fooc would more like
ly have scaled the intercepting fence.
But thl* circumstance, like all others thiM
far brought to the attention of the offi
cers, relates to the method of tho murders
rather than to the motive.
As to the latter there is a world of spec
ulation. Tho first theory that it was th<»
caprice of a* madman has been quite gen
erally abandoned. Instead. ¦ tho belief In
taking ground that some deep, black plot
Is back of it all and that both men were
murdered because of some knowledge they
possessed of the guilt of the murderer in.
some transaction which h«* desired t.~>
cover up. Or that one of tho mon knew of
the murder of tho other, and tho assassin.
to silence the witr^s?. had taken the life
of the second, and thus covered his tracks.
ABBTJCKLE HUSBAND
AVENGES HIS HONOR
Jesse Sutton Slays Constable John
Clasby in the Torn: PostoQce
for Alienating His Wifs's
Affections.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUSA. Sept. 3.— "Clasbjr. you're a
dead man!" On? shot followed the words*.
and Constable John Clasby fell dead at
the feet of Jesse Suttonr with a bullet
through the center of hid heart.
This is the epitome of a tragedy that oc
curred at the Postofflce In the little town
of Arbuckle. up In Colusa County, on Sat
urday afternoon last.
Jesse Sutton Is in the Coluaa County
Jail, held to appear without bonds before
a magistrate on Saturday next. He la
mute concerning the dreadful deed, and
will not discuss the events that led up to
It. But the causes that led up to the
«hootlng are well known in Arbuckle.
where they have beer, bandied about by
S ConstabIe John Clasby ha3 resided In
Strange Coincidences and Weird Fea
tures of the Crime That Puzzla
the Officers and Alarm tna
Ranchers.
THE SHERIFF FINDS NO CLEWS
Slaying o! tne Farmers Is
Accompanied by
Savagery.
MoreGrewsomeGrow
the Mysteries at
Folsom. .
SHOOTING
OF DEAD
VICTIMS
Continued on Second Page.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— A dispatch from Minister Conger was received
by the State Department to-day. It was chiefly interesting in being
the first word from him since his dispatch of the 27th referring to the
nronostd parade of troops through the «mperial- palace in Peking.
Like that dispatch, this Is dateless as to Peking. The contents were
? m ->Ae> nubile fu- it was stated that it contained nothing materially chang
llfi t^e situation. ''The lack of date led to a determination to take energetic
tons bv which all dispatches hereafter coming to the Stato Department from
win haw tlr* date clearly stated.
Two other dispatches received to-day from China referred to the state of
.„;,.,, f.f the troops, which generally is satisfactory.
rnnnDt be Jcarned that there has neon any marked advancement of the
.latins among the powers touching the withdrawal of International forces
? « lvkin" The plain indication is that the powers are acting upon the ln
f^ntinn conveyed in the last note of the State Department and are bringing
u 7£»lr influence to bear upon Russia to induce her to change her mind as to
\\i iriVin" her troops. For som<s reason the authorities 'here appear to feel
irin.rcnnfid.Tce that this cflcrt will bo successful. It It noted as a fact of
»« rc K v" gnincanc.3 that the proposition is to ing advanced to'have Prince Chine
? %'n to ivkins as tho acting head of the Chinese Government. Tho suggts-
T, ,". LltW the orosross of this wave of reorganization while the Inler
noHoml troops aie still in Peking, promising as it does speedily to provide an
t,,^ do facto Chinese Government with wh!ch tho nations may treat without
fu-ther doubt as to Its strength, may solve the present problem and put the
Ohin-se question in a fair way to final and satiefa;tory settlement Much may
~* ?;/ ,?non the attitude of Russia in this matter and the manner in which she
tr?at; thT^peal from the Chinese notables may prove to be a test of the
sincerity of her expressed desire to deal with the Chinese Government . as soon
** R^SAf- nrst assistant Secretary of State, returned to to-day
nnrtTssumed the duties of acting head of the Stato Department, relieving Mr.
Adeewh? was performing these duties during the- perplexing diplomatic ex
changes of recent date. Soon after his arrival Dr. Hill went to the \Vhlte House
an^Fwnt a half hour with the President, going over the, present .flatus^ of the
rhine^ negotiations. Later he conferred at length with Mr.-Adee. From -this *
SmS on. uiuU llr? Hay returns Dr. Hill will be tho. active head -of the> State
No Marked Advancement of
Negotiations Among Pow
ers Relating to Withdrawal
of Troops From Peking.
- — «* EXVER, Colo.. Sept. 3.— Major S. K. Hooper of this city has received a
1 letter from Lieutenant Colonel C. A. Coolidge. dated Tientsin. China.
I August 8. Lieutenant Colonel Coolidge led the Ninth Infantry in Its at-
J tack on the inner walla of Tientsin. The letter gives an account of the
- — * fig-hting at Tientsin, and continues:' •"
"The Japanese looted the Chinese bouses, but the French were 'entirely in
the robbery business and robbed and murdered right and left. I believe the
British were granted one day to loot, but this was soon stopped, except by the
French, who still continued the work In their own quarter. * The American
quarter has been very quiet and we guard it as best we can with our small
garrison. The Chinese dead are all buried and the town Is cleared up and peace
"There were 20,000 dead Chinese and probably' one-third of* the city is burned
by shot and shellor incendiaries. On account of the crowded condition of the
city it would be a good thing if one-half of it were destroyed."
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— While 'Americans have not participated In the loot'
Ing of Tientsin and Peking, well-informed diplomats here think the people of
China will hold them partly ' responsible for Injuries suffered and losses sus
tained. i ' '•*'*-¦ 4 j-' '
"The Americans," said one diplomat to-day, "should feel proud of their ab
stinence, but they form part of an allied army which is causing the Chinese so
much suffering. The Chinese do not know that they are being plundered by the
Russians particularly or by the French or English. They see the American
flag in the army and they naturally credit those under that flag with as great
a share in the looting as they do the troops of other nations."
Russians do not believe the Czar's troops have been guilty of the excesses
reported. in the dispatch from Taku published to-day, and say that if any crimes
have been committed an investigation will undoubtedly be made and those respon
sible will be punished. Attention was called to-day to the sensational stories of
Russian atrocities credited to the wife of E. B. Drew, chief secretary of Sir
Robert Haft at Tientsin, and afterward declared by Mrs. Drew to bejtalse. "I
can from my own experience during those terrible days of the siege of Tter.tsin."
she said, "speak only in the highest terms* of the Russian soldiers, who undoubt
edly saved our lives on more than one occasion." - : ='-'Z,
The War Department professes to have no confirmation of the reports of loot
ing by the allies, but it i3 stated that even if it had any information it would
be suppressed.
Colonel Coolidge Charges French
Troops With Wholesale
Murder and Robbery During
Fighting at Tientsin.
OLUMI- LXXXVIII— NO*. 90.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CE^sTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.A. R. Elliott, Recently an Inmate of
. Stockton Asylum, Disappears
in That City.
STOCKTON, Sept. 3.— A. R. Elliot, 72
years of age, a wealthy farmer of Stanis
laus County who was recently commit
ted to the asylum and discharged as not
insane, has been missing since Sunday
morning, when he was on the streets
here. Ho was soon to appear as a plain
tiff in a suit against one of his sons to
recover property which he deeded to the
Eon. His friends think ho has been en
ticed away.
WEALTHY STANISLAUS
FARMER IS MISSING
Death of Two Officers.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— General Mac-
Arthur chronicles two recent deaths
among his officers in the Philippines in
cablegrams received at the .War Depart
ment to-day. Captain George H. Bentley.
Forty-seventh Infantry Volunteers, died
on the morning of August 26 from wounds
received in action near Camalig, Luzon,
August 21. Second Lieutenant Roy Fer
nald of the Twenty-sixth Volunteer In
fantry was accidentally drowned in the
Juabar River near Pototan, Panay, on
September 1. The body was not recov
ered.
Colorado Mine on Fire.
LEADVILLE. Colo., Sept. 3.— The R. A.
M. mine is on flre. It is the deepest mine
In this district, employing 150 men, all of
whom will probably get out, as the mine
has many connections. The probable loss
will be about $10,000.
Funeral of President E. S. Washburn
of the Memphis System at
Rye Beach.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 3.— From 11:15 to
11:20 o'clock to-day every locomotive,
every piece of machinery and every em
ploye on the Memphis road system from
Kansas City to Birmingham, Ala., were
idle. This action was taken as a mark
of respect to the memory of the late
President E. S. Washburn of the "Mem
phis" system, who died at Rye Beach, N.
H., last Friday. For the live minutes
specified every train, car and locomotive
was held at a standstill, no matter where
they happened to be.
The funeral services of President Wash
burn were held shortly after noon at St.
Andrew's Chapel. Rye Beach. N. II. The
body was taken to Boston.'Mass., for in
terment in Forest Park Cemetery.
TRAFFIC COMES TO A
TEMPORARY STANDSTILL
the town of Arbuckle for some years, as
has also Jesse Sutton. Clasby. a native
of Ireland, was a married man. 4S years
old. and five children had been born to
him and his wife. Sutton, who is aged
32, is also a married man, and has four
children. His wife Is attractive, as the
Constable discerned, and he paid much
attention to the pretty Mrs. Sutton, it is
said.
This state of affairs aroused the jeal
ousy of Sutton, and he determined to put
an end to the companionship of the two.
With this purpose in view he went to
Clasby about a week ago and told him
that his attentions to Mra. Sutton must
cease. Whether he had evidence to war
rant the assertion or not, Sutton finally
charged qiasby with alienating the affec
tions of his wife and wrecking his home.
Clasby, at that, retorted angrily. Fierce
invective followed and Sutton drew a pis
tol. But the encounter that might have
ended then in a tragedy was brought to
an end through the Intercession of friends.
But, despite the temporary truce, it was
feared that the strained relations between
them could have but one result, and the
fears were realized Saturday.
From the evidence adduced at the Coro
ner's inquest, it appears that Sutton,
brooding long over his troubles, finally
detet^iined to kill the man who had des
poiled his home and sullied his honor.
With that end in view, he armed himself
on Saturday and %vent to the Postofflce.
where he knew he would surely find
Clasby at some time during the afternoon.
It was 1:45 p. m. when the Constable, who
had gone to the Postofflce, emerged from
the door.
Just as he crcssed the threshold he be
held Sutton with a drawn revolver. The
spectators, paralyzed by astonishment
and fear, heard Sutton shout:
"Clasby, you're a dead man!"
At the same instant he fired. Clasby
reeled and fell dead. The aim had been
deadly— the bullet sped true to Its mark.
When the autopsy was held the physi
cians found that the bullet, entering cias
by's left side, had pierced the center of
his heart.
Sutton made no attempt at resistance
when placed under arrest, but went Quiet
ly with the officer, who took him to the
Colusa Jail. The body of Constable Clasby
was removed to his home, where the
autopsy was held.
The same evening the Coroner sum
moned a jury that, after hearing the evi
dence In the case, returned a verdict In ac
cordance with the facts. The Coroner,
thereupon, sent Sutton to jail to be held
for trial without bonds.
INDIAN IS SLAIN
BY TWO COMRADES
Rumor of Murder in Bear Valley, San
Diego County, of Which the
Sheriff Has No Official
Knowledge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 3.— News reached
this city to-day of a possible murder com
mitted in Bear Valley, in the northern
part of the county, in which an Indian
was the victim. His body was found
with the skull crushed, near where he
had been seen the day before in com
pany with two other Indians.
The report is that the body was found
on the road near the James Brutisdon
place, which Is now occupied by a ranch
er named Risdon. The side of. the head
was crushed in and the brains protruded
but there was no blood about the place
nor were there any signs of a struggle
This has led to the theory that the man"
was killed somewhere else by the two
men. with whom he was seen drinking the
previous evening, and that his body was
brought to the place where it was found
The body v/as found early last week"
according to the report, but neither the
Coroner nor Sheriff had been notified
There is little communication with the
valley, and the report could not be au
thenticated at Escondldo. the nearest
town though it was said that the report
had been current there for several days
THE RAINFALL AT FRESNO.
FRESNO. Cal.. Sept. 3.-Frcsno experi
enced this afternoon the heaviest down
fall of rain for this season that has been
received in years. The Raisin Associa
tion directors deny that any extensive
damage has been done to drying raisins
ns the grapes were yet green upon the
trays, and those that were picked earliest
had Just been turned. Total rainfall last
twenty-four hours .16 of an Inch
OVERDUE CALIFORNIAN
ARRIVES AT MANILA
Transport Was Delayed at Guaoa
Sixtesn Days With a Broken
Propeller.
MANILA, Sept. 3.— The United States
transport Californian arrived here safely
this morning. She was delayed sixteen
days at Guam with a broken propeller.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 3.— The War De
partment to-day received the following
dispatch from General JIacArthur:
MANILA, Sept. 3.— Adjutant General: Gen
era! Hushes reports an outbreak in Dohol. First
Lieutenant I»vak of the Forty-fourth Volun
i,^rs reports an en«ra^«»ment near Carman. In
Bohol our loss Is one killed and six wounded.
The enemy's loss is 120 killed. Have not re
ceived further details. Mac ARTHUR.
Bohol Is an Island In the southern part
of the archipelago. 3Ko miles from Manila..
It lies north of the large island of ilar.-l
dando and ia not far from Cebu. j
The War Department received a cable
gram this morning from General Mac-
Arthur at Manila announcing the trans
port Stephens sailed September 1 for
Seattle. She has paymasters and army
wagons aboard for our forces in China
and will put them ashore at Taku en
route for this country-
CLAIMS LILIU0KALAN1
OWES HIM MONEY
Former Confidsntial Adviser of tha
ex-Queen Files a Cross-Complaint
in Answer to a Suit.
HONOLULU. Aug. 2S.-The suit of ex-
Queen Lllluokalani against C. B. Wilson,
her one-time confidential adviser, for
$1000 damages and to eject him from
premises* in this city, claimed by both par
ties to the suit, has been answered by Wil
son with a cross complaint, in which he
claims remuneration for twenty years
services a.s adviser to her Majesty up to
1893. Circuit Judge Humphreys has
granted an injunction restraining the ex-
Queen from selling or disposing of the
property until the suit is settled.
Wilson claims that the ex-Queen deeded
the property over to trustees fnr his bene
fit when she was under surveillance after
the revolution of 1S0G. as a reward for his
long services as her adviser, for which he
never received any other pay. though he
frequently demanded remuneration.
TRYING VOYAGE
Crew of the Carnadd Lle-wellyn Suffar
While Rounding ths Horn.
HONOLULU. Aug. 2S.— The British ship
Carnedd Llewellyn. Captain Griffith, ar
rived from Hamburg. Germany, on Aug
ust 23, after an exciting trip around the
Horn. The ship got as far as 5S degrees
south, where the weather was so coM
that the men could not work. For a week
she was In a steady southerly gale, and
live members of the crew were fros!-oit
ten one of them, who went aloft to the
mlz'zen topmast, being so severely bitten
bv the frost that he was laid up for two
weeks The ship was completely frozen
ud sails and ringing being so fast that
they could not be handled, and Captain
Griffith says If he hail not soon made his
way north the ship must have been lost.
Rudolph Volsht. a seaman. 13 yeara of
nee disappeared from the vessel on May
S it was his tirst trip to sea. and he Is
thought to have jumped overboard with
suicidal intent. No one saw him go.
Extra Session Eecessary
HONOLULl , Aug. 2S.— An extra session
of the Territorial Legislature will prob
ably be called for the end of the year to
secure funds with which to carry on the
Government. Owing to lack of funds with
which to pay for the work it has been
necessary to stop the building of the new
sewer system. This \s regarded as a very
Impcrtant work and there Is much
anxiety to have it done as soon as pos
sible.
The raising of the tax levy will be t*:«
principal proposition for the extra sessiirA
Lawyers have decided that the prcse?^
tax rate becomes a fixture for a year on
January 1, and it Is deemed necessary to
have the change made before that date.
The extra session will probably be called
soon after the November elections.
Plumbers Wanted.
HONOLULU. Aug.-»S.-San Francisco is
asked to supply Honolulu with twenty
five or thirty journeymen plumbers. There
are not enough here to supply the demand
and Plumbing Inspector Duffy has sent
to San Francisco, with the approval of
the Board of Health, asking that about
twenty-five be sent. Introducing the n«w
sewer system has made much work In the
plumbing line, as many connections witn
sewers have to be made.
"Valda," the sensational
story of court life at Peking,
begins in next Sunday's Call,
September 9.
BOOKMAKERS HIT
HARD IT CHICAGO
Montana Men Bet Heavily on Ths
Devil, an Outsider, Who Sur
prises the Talent by Win
ning the Race.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE, Mont.. Sept. 3.— When The Dev
il was first under the wire at Chicago this
afternoon tho Butte poolrooms found
themselves loser $^0,000. It was a "killing"
pure and simple. The tip came from Chi
cago parly in the day, and from the open
ing price of CO to 1 The Devil was backed
down to S and 'J to 1. with the prospect ot
being out had any more money appeared.
\V. I'. Gwinn of Anaconda was the largest
individual winner. He cleared $6000, and is
boasting to-night that hte information
came from Chicago.
CHICAGO, Sept. ::.— The Montana crowa
made a desperate assault on the ring at
Harlem to-day, and when The Devil was
announced winner of the seventh race the
hooks were called upon tTo pay out be
tween $20,000 and $30,000 to lucky ticket
holders.
Eddie Aiistln was the heaviest loser and
.when he finished paying off and stepped
from the block he admitted that the race
had hit him for $SO0O. Every one of the
twenty books suffered more or less, tho
smallest loser being Joe Rope, the Cali
forninn, who admits a loss of $500.
The Devil was a rank outsider and,
based upon his run at Hawthorne recent
ly, when all sorts of money was lost on
him. where he ran fourth, was rated at
.'iO to 1 by the books In to-day's race.
Then money came streaming In. all the
small bettors getting down for $"> or lit),
and the odds dropped at closing time to
6 to 1. Nor were the pikers alone. Sev
eral wise ones are reported to have got
on at fair prices. Who manageu the coup
and found the money is not known, as
Woodward, The De%-il's owner, has little
or no money of his own to carry such a
deal through, but from the fact that Mon
tana men were earliest in the ".ime and
had bets down in every book at the
largest prices, it is believed the informa
tion came from Butte.
HAS NOT REPLIED
TO RUSSIAN NOTE
PARTS, Sept. 3.— France has not yet re
plied to Russia's note regarding the with
drawal of troops from Poking. M. Del
casse. Minister of Foreign Affairs, and
the Russian Embassador. Prince Orous
sow, went to Rambouillet to-day to confer
upon President Loubet the decoration of
the Russian order of St. Andrew, recent
ly accorded him by the Czar and to pre
sent to M. Loubet the autograph letter
accompanying the decoration. It is be
lieved this will give opportunity for ar»
exchange of views which will have an ef
fect upon the ministerial meeting which
will be held here to-morrow.
"When handing to M. Loubet the Order
of St. Andrew the Russian Embassador
said: "His Majesty desires you to see>
in this act, M. le President, a proof of
the high esteem he entertains for you
and a token of his unchanging sentiments
for the growth of this friendly and al
lied nation."
M. I.roubet replied as follows: "His Ma
jesty has wished to testify once again to
the persistence of his feelings toward this
friendly and allied nation and we. In turn,
see In this action a proof of his. Majesty's
wish to draw still closer the ties which
unite the two governments and peoples.
I beg you to transmit to his Majesty my
gratitude and to assure him that the
French Government Is striving every day
to maintain this union, so profitable to
the two nations."
M. Loubet, after the presentation, en
tertained the Russian Embassador at
dinner. A torchlight procession followed,
the streets being gayly oecorated with the
intertwined flags of France and Russia.
The following is the text of the auto
graph letter from Emperor Nicholas to
M. Loubet, which accompanied the In
signia of the order:
"My feelings toward you and the bonds
of cordi'al friendship which unite France
and Russia inspired me with a desire to
admit you to my imperial order of St.
Andfew, the insignia of which will be
handed you at the same time as this let
ter. It is particularly gratifying to me
to offer you this testimony of esteem at a
time when a complete understanding, so
happily established between France and
Russia, can more than ever exercise a
beneficial Influence not only upon their
direct interests, but i^Iso upon the mainte
nance of the general peace which Is
equally our heart's desire. With real In
terest I have followed the success of the
splendid exposition upon which France
has a right to pride, herself and I have
no need to assure you of the very sincere
regard I feel, as well as that of the Em
press, that we are unable'to visit Paris
at this time. But, whether far or near,
we are accustomed to associate ourselves
with everything that concerns France:
and it Is with all the preater satisfaction
that we welcome what contributes to her
glory and prosperity."
France regards peace as the first requi
site of the situation, but is not entirely
certain that the withdrawal of the troops
from Peking is the surest and quickest
method to attain this end. ' ' %
WIRES FOR HER FATHER.
DETROIT. Sept. 3.-PresIdent H. S. Led
yard of the Michigan Central Railroad to
day received a cablegram. from his daug
ter, the widow of Baron von Ketteler the
German Embassador to China, who was
murdered in Peking, saying: "Come to
Yokohama for me.
Mr. Ledyard an dhls son Henry will
start for Yokohama on the steamer, whleh
leaves Vancover Septemuber 12. [..
SHOOTING OF
DEAD VICTIMS
»
Continued from First Pag
But why quote from newspapers as to what
may be done hereafter in the presence of a
law already enacted which makes subjects of
the Porto RIcans. withdraws from them the
guarantees of the constitution and asserts th»
power, of the President and Congress to govern
them without their consent ar.d tax them with
out representation— a power as unlimited and
tyrannical as was ever asserted or exercised
by any ruler In all the history of the human
race. This doctrine has not yet been approved
by the people; it furnishes the supreme ques
tion of the present campaign. In. the presence
of these perils the laboring man has a responsi
bility commensurate with his opportunity.
Without a large percentage of the laboring vote
no party can win nn election In the United
States. The men who work for wages can by
throwing their votes on the one Ride or the
other determine the policy of this country
They need not march in parades; they • n»e<i
not adorn themselves with the insignia of any
party, but on election, day their silent ballots
can shape tha destiny of this nation and either
bring the Government back to its ancient land
mark or turn it into the pathway followed by
empires of the Old World. »
Among tho speakers were Charles A.
Towne; Samuel Altschuler, Democratic
candidate for Governor of Illinois; Rlch-
The warning Is even more needed now than
It was forty years ago. The Army and Navy
Jcurnal is already Justifying the colonial Idea
and declaring that fate has decreed for us a
destiny in which an imperial executive free
from restraints of a written constitution will
govern subjects according to his own pleasure
The United States Investors' Review published
at r.oston, in Its issue of July 2S, says- "Only
a blind person can fall to see that transforma
tions of one kind or another are in store for
our race: hence the folly of asserting that the
policy of this country, which Is destined trt
play such a leading part in human affairs of
the future, shall be governed for the most part
by political axioms uttered more than a hun
dred years ago. The greatest evil which now
confronts this republic is the clamor raised by
n certain faction for a settlement of our prob
lems of state by just such a method as we
have been deprecating. Considerably more than
a century ago a certain notable declaration
v,as made in this country to the effect that all
men oueht to he free and independent "
Tills is merely a generalization of the French
school of Voltaire and the encyclopedists It
Is a dictum absolutely lacking foundation in
history and fcicapable of syllogistic Justifica
tion. It was, however, a handy phrase for us
to employ when asserting, our right to break
away from the mother country: it suited the
exigencies of our situation in 1776 admirably
though In Itself but a bit of sublimated demal
goglsm. The declaration was a serviceable
means to the end that was at that time desired
To bring forward this declaration in this year
1W) In connection with our treatment of the
Filipinos and the Cubans is as gross an ab
surdity as ever was practiced. To do so is
to offer an Insult to the intelligence of the
people who first subscribed to the declaration
in question.
Warning Needed Now.
When I say that those who distrust the
capacity of the people for self-government tend
directly toward monarchy. I am only repeat-.
Ing what Lincoln deliberately declared in his
first annual message: He said: "Monarchy it
self is sometimes hinted at as a possible refuge
from the power of the people. In my present
position I could scarcely be Justified were I to
omit raising a warning voice ngainst the ap
proach of returning despotism. It Is not needed
nor fitting here that a general argument should
be made in favor of popular institutions; but
there in one point with its connections not fo
hackneyed as most others, to which I ask
brief attention. It is the effort to place cap
ital on an equal footing with. If not above
labor, in the structure of government. No
men living are more worthy to be trusted than
those who toil up from poverty: none les* in
clined to take or touch aught which they have
not honestly earned. Let them beware of sur
rendering a political power which they already
possess and which, If surrendered will sure
ly be used to close the door of advancement
against such as they, and to fix new disabil
ities and burdens upon them till all of liberty
shall be lest.
Imperialism involves a departure from prin
ciples which were universally accepted in this
country two years ago. 'jTo know that all men
are created equal one needs not the wisdom of
a rage or the learning of the schools. It was
declared to be a self evident truth, it was evi
dent to those who pledged their lives to the
maintenance of the Declaration of Independence
and it is evident still to those who are not
blinded by the glamour or wealth and the glit
tering promises of a colonial system. If all
men are created eounl and endowed with In
alienable rights, it follows as a logical and a
Jiecjessary sequence that governments were in
stituted for t^e welfare of all and derive their
Just iwjwers from the consent of the governed.
On the ;<;eFervatlon of this doctrine our hopes
depend; if. it Is abandoned there is no founda
tion upon which a government like ours can
be constructed. Do not allow yourselves to be
deceived by those who question the capacity
of this people or that people for self-govern
ment.
I If this nation adheres to the doctrine that
i governments derive their just powers from
the consent of the governed, and the people
have an easy I and ready means of correcting
oil abuses, the GoverBr.ient will not need to
be supported by a large permanent army, for
every citizen will be ready to defend such a
Government from attack. The only domestic
luse for a large standing army is to suppress
P>y force that discontent which should be
(cured by legislation. -
To suuport a permanent army of 100,000 men
, requires approximately one-half as much
j money es is annually expended for education
j la the United States. How much cheaper Is It
to uplift people by gentle and peaceful process
of Intellectual development than to blow them
up with powder and dynamite.
As to Imperialism.
I opporturlty to vote on public questions when
those questions can be submitted without too
treat Inconvenient" and expense. But the la
j I'ont n2T my n is f ven mori? 1 ntt*r^st £ J in the
:>ro:>osltion to establish a labor bureau with a
Cabinet officer at its head. If labor is given a
I place in the President's official household the
man selected will iv-cessarlly be a worthy and
trusted representative of the people for whom
he speaks, and hl.i rrf-sence at Cabinet meet
j Ings will fjive to thos? who toil for their dally
; bread assurances that their Interests will be
i properly guarded.
I Mr. Oompers. the chief executive of the Fed
eration of Labor, has in his correspondence with
the ?4?cretHry of tli3 Treasury so ably presented
the laboring man's reasons for opposing a. gold
standard and a. nitional bank currency that it
is nut necessary to discuss these questions at
1 this time.
| The labcrlne- man has abundant reasons to
| fear t^e trusts. Mr. Charles 14. Kllnt In a
! sr>4>rh delivered in Boston more than a year
ago In defense of the trusts frankly asserts that
on« of the advantages of these combinations is
that' "in case of local strikes or fires the work
goes on elsewhere, thus preventing periou*
Inss." Is it possible that any wage earner i-an
fall to bee how completely the trusts place the
employe at the mercy of the employer?
The resolutions adopted by various labor or
! ganizations in condemnation of militarism and
j imperialism justify me in making a Jirief ref-
I frenre to thCMe questions. No class contributes
! more than the laboring- class in proportion to
! its r.umt>ers to the rank and file of the army; no
j class ccntrlbutt-s more in proportion to its num
bers to tlio expense of the army and no class is
I more menaced by the existence of a large army.
Mom of the countries in Europe which main
tain large military establishments collect an
income tax which adjusts the burden of the
government to the income of the citizen. Here
cur federal taxes ar<> largely collected upon
consumption, and while they are income taxes
in the sense that they must be paid cut of the
incomes of the people, yet the exactions are
proportionate to the income. The taxes upon
consumption bear heaviest upnn the poor anil
| lightest upon the rich, and arc. In fact, graded
i Income taxes, the per cent' collected decreasing
j as the income increases.
The blacklist, by m^ans of which the em
ployers combine to deprive the discharged
workman of re-employment, is one of the more
recent menaces to the laboring man. The in
dependence of the wage-earner decreases as
th* difficulty of obtaining employment in
creases. The laboring man is also interested
in legislation prohibiting Oriental immigra
tion. The political objections to Oriental la
bor are scarcely less weighty than the
economic ones. Race prejudice cannot be dis
regarded. We cannot afford to bring; into this
country those who cannot amalgamate with
our people.
The attempt to use the Injunction of a court
to deprive the laboring man of trial by Jury
should alarm all our people, for while the
wage-earner is the first to feel its effects, the
l.rtr.cirle which underlies government by In
junction is so far-reaching that no one can
hope to escape ultimately. The thing forbid
den by an injunction would without the In
junction be cither legal or illegal. If It would
»* local the Judge usurp* the function of the
legislature when he forbids it. If it would
be illegal the injunction of tho court Is un
necessary, for any one who violates the law
can. upon conviction. ¦ be made to suffer the
penalties prescribed for such violation. The
meanest thief and the most brutal murderer
are entitled to trial by Jury- Why should this
right be denied to the laboring man?
And yet corporate influence is so etronsr that
it has thus far been impossible to secure any
remedial legislation.
The fact that United States Senators are
elected by Legislatures rather than by the peo
ple directly lessens the laboring man's influ
ence in securing favorable legislation. When
the action of a political convention must be
Hubmitted to the voters for ratification at the
jjolli. the convention is constrained to nominate
a candidate acceptable to the people, but when
a Fenator is chosen by a Legislature the Indi
vidual voter is far less considered.
The laboring man favors direct legislation
wherever practicable for the same reason that
he favors the election of Senators by popular
VOt*.
Direct legislation brings the government
nearer to the vctor. Th» jwopi* should fca, v « an
Blacklist a Menace.
We shall all go up nr down together. Some
may BO up or fro down further than others, but.
disresardinjr special exceptions, the rule is that
we rruFt all share in cemmon something of
whatever adversity or whatever rrosi>erity is in
etore for the nation as a whole. In the long
run each section of the community will rise
fir fall as the community rises or falls. If
hard times come to the nation, whether as the
result of natural causes nr because they are
invited by our own folly, all of us will suffer.
Ortain of u« will suffer nwre and others less,
but all will suffer somehow.
On the other hand Providence and our own
eneriry and ijoo.d sense brinp prosperity to us
all who share in that prosperity. We will not
all share alike, but something each one of un
will tret. I^ot us strive to make the conditions
of life FUch that as nearly as possible each
man shall receive the share to which he is hon
estly entitled and no mure; and let us remem
ber at the same time that our efforts must be
to build up rather than to strike down, and
that we can best help ourselves, not at the ex
pense of others, but by heartily working with
them for the common Rood of each and all.
It was 4 o'clock when Colonel Bryan bo
gan. Discussinp the question of how the
wage-earner could secure thct share of
the earth's bounties and the Government's
protection he deslrna Mr. oryan said:
The associations formed by workingmen
have been productive of much good. The la
bor organization rs we now find it is the prod
uct of industrial conditions. The individual
found himself at a disadvantage when deal
ing with the corporate employer, and the or
panization not only enables him to contend
for his rights upon terms more nearly equal,
but it stimulates him to study and understand
the conditions vhlch surround him.
The labor organization has been foremost
in advocating the reforms which have already
been secured. Several years ago the secret bal
lot was demanded' by the waKc-earners for
their own protection. That ballot has been ob
tained and through its operations thow who
toil for individuals or corporations are able
to protect their political rights and to use the
ballot according to their own Judgment. This
is a longr step in advance.
The labor orcanl nation has done much to
lessen the evils of child labor and has also
contributed toward the shortening of the hours
afjtoil. and !t should not cease its efforts tin
trl the eipht-hour day is secured. The labor
organization has bet^n a consistent and per
sistent advocate of the doctrine of arbitration.
The court of arbitration is one of the certain
ties of the future, and when It Is secured and
perfected we shall wonder why its coming was
delayed so long.
The one fact which all of us need to keep
FHadily before our eyes is the need that per
formance shall square with promise if Rood
work is to be <!nne, whether in the industrial
or the fK>litical world. Nothing- does more to
prompt mental dishenesty and moral insincerity
than the habit of either promising- the Impos
sible or of demanding the performance of the
impossible or finally of failing to keep a prom
ise that has l-»-en made; and it makes not the
slightest difference whether it If a promise
mud* on the stump or off the stump. Kemem
ber that there are two sides to the wrong thus
committed. There is first the Wrong of falling
to keep a premise made, and in the next place
there is the wrong of demanding the impos
sible, and therefore forcing or permitting weak
or unscrupulous men to make »i promise which
they either know or should know cannot be
kept. So small part of our trouble :n dealing
with many of the gravest social questions, such
as the so-called labor question, the trust ques
tion and others like them, arises from these
two attitudes. The success of the law for the
taxation of franchises recently enacted in New
York State offers a striking contrast to the
n.mi lett» breakdown of the si«?cies of crude and
violent anti-trust legislation which has been
sr> often attempted and which has always failed
because of its very crudeness and violence to
make any impression upon the real and dan
gerous evil? which have excited such just popu
lar resentment.
Promises Should Be Kept.
be the exact limit of lnfluer.ee allowed the
state or what limit shall be set to that right
of individual initiative eo dear to the hearts
of the American i>eople. All we can say is
that the need has l»-en fhown on one hand for
action by the people in th»*ir collective capac
ity through the state in many matters; that
in other mr.tters much can !>«• dune by asso
ciations of different etoujs of individuals, as
in tra-ies unions and similar organization;-, and
that in othf-r matters it n-malns now as true
as ever that final success will be fur the man
¦who trusts In the Etrusjde only to his cool
head, his brave heart and his strong right arm.
There are ej heren in which the state can prop
erly act and ppheres m whlrh a comparatively
free field must be given to individual initiative.
Though the conditions of life have grown so
ruMlir.gr in their complexity, though the
chanpes have been fo vast, yet we may remain
atsr.iut»!y sure of one thinp— that now, as ever
in the past, and it will ever be in the future,
there can be no substitute for the elemental
virtues, for the elemental qualities to which
we allude when we speak of a man as not
only a rood man. but as emphatically a man.
%V«* can build th? standard of Individual cltl
zenship and individual well beinp. we can raise
the national standard and make it what it can
and Fhall be n:ad*> only by each of us stead
fastly keeping in mind that (here ran be no
substitute f,.r the w.;rld-ol.i. humdrum, com
monplace qualities of truth. Justice and cour
jt*re. thrift and industry, common sense and
p«r.uine symjathy with and fellow feelinp for
others. The nation is the aggregate of the In
dividuals <<,m[x.cin(ir it. and each individual
American ever raises the nation hipher when
n^ so conducts riimp^If a.s to "\vronjj no inn n
and as to suffer no wrung from others, and as
t<) show his sturdy capacity fnr self-help
and his rf adinfss to extend a nelplnsr hand to
the neighbor sinking under a burden too heavy
for him to bear.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 3.— Labor day
wan not generally observed in this city.
But few stores and offices closed and
there was no display made in the city by
the various labor organizations. J The gov
ernmental departments closed 'either all
or part of the day.
TACOMA. "Wash., Sept. 3.— I^ibor day
was more generally observed than for sev
eral years past. Twenty labor organiza
tions were in the parade this morninp,
participated in by 2000 men. Many hand
somely decorated tloats were nlso in line.
Open-air addresses and various sports
were features /of the afternoon exercises.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 3.— Labor day was
quietly observe*! here. The banks, the
Courthouse, City Hall and Postofflce were
closed. Flags Iloated from the fiagstailB
and the Hoard of Supervisors and the City
Council did not hold their regular meet
in ps.
In the single-handed contests— first prize
$75. second $15. Robert Hurley won first
money, drilling: twenty inches, and A.
Zalsquy, second, with l"» inches to his
credit The festivities closed with a ball
in Miners' Union Hail to-!iight.
In the double-handed contest — first prize
$120 and second $50, there were four
entries, two teams being from Amador
County. Louis Page and Henry Wain
wrisht won iirst money, drilling 33 inches
in Rocklin granite in fifteen minutes. The
second money was won by Robert Hurley
i:nd John Burbank.
JAMESTOWN. Sept 3.— Labor day was
observtd under the auspices of Miners'
Unions of Tuolumne and Marlpbsa coun
ties by a grsnd celebration in Stcnt to
day. Several thousand people were pre
sent. The celebration included a long pro
cession, an oration by E. \V. Holland of
Sonora; horse, foot and other races and
drilling contests that were the center of
attraction.
CELEBRATIONS ON THE COAST.
"Hello," laughed Mr. Bryan, turning a
smiling face upon the scared people,
"this can't be a Democratic platform.
There are no bad planks in that. Come,
now, stand still, won't you? If you
stand together where you are you will be
all right. If you stampede it will fall en
you," and he laughed as if it was an
everyday, occurrence. His self-assurance
had a quieting effect on the crowd. When
the dust cleared away it was found thai
a few people had been precipitated into
the chamber under the stand, but none
were seriously injured.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.-By a trite 'little
joke sprung with cool but effective decla
mation, W. J. Bryan to-day arrested a
stampede of frantic men and women in
t the speakers' stand at Electric Park, pre
venting a panic.
The Nebraskan had just fought his way
through the crowd and had taken his
place in front of thp orators' platform
when the overcrowded lloor of the small
stand creaked and began to waver. A
section of the worn floor gave way.
women -shrieked in terror and men tried
to jump over the railing on the heads of.
the packed throng at the rear of the
stand.
PANIC AVERTED BY
BRYAN'S COOLNESS
Colonel Roosevelt left here late this af
ternoon and Colonel Bryan at 8 o'clock.
The latter took the Baltimore and Ohio
for Cumberland, Md., where he will open
the campaign in that State to-morrow.
Streets Are Tiffed
With Processions
of Representatives
of Organized La
&or,
Men Prom tfie
Ranks and Ora
tors of Note Dis
cuss Topics of
Common Interest.
ard Yates, the Republican gubernatorial
nominee; William E. Mason. Mayor Rowe
of Milwaukee, Mayor Harrison of Chica
go. R. M. Patterson and P. J. O'Donnell.
COLONEL "WILLIAM J. BRYAN.
COLONEL THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
-n -T EW YORK. Sept. 3.— In view of the
l\ I fact that there was no peneral pa-
I \j rade of labor In this city and that
I \ many downtown business houses
were closed, the city was quiet to
day. Most of the trade organizations left
the city by early trains and boata for their
outings, each liavins a programme of Its
own. A Labor day parade was held in
Jersey City under the auspices of the
United Building Trades Council of Hudson
County. An Incident of this parade was
the action of the Central Federated Union
in refusing to inarch past the grrand stanA
in front of the City Hall, where the parade
was reviewed by Mayor Hoos and other
officials.
The Central Federated Union !s com
posed largely of silk weavers and brewery
employes, a large number of whom ari»
professed Socialists and opponents of both
political parties.. When they were two
blocks from the grand stand the men of
the Central Federated Union fell out of
line and made a. iletour so as to avoid
passing the stand.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 3.— Labor day -waa
observed here for the sixth time to-day,
the legal char-u-ter of the holiday havins;
been established by Congress in 1S94. AH
Government departments were closed, but
there were no street parades or public,
demonstrations, the various local labor or
ganizations celebrating the day by speech
making and athletic games.
KANSAS CITY. Sept. 3.— T^abor day her<»
whs ¦ fle'.d day for politicians. Joseph
Flory. Republican candidate for Governor,
and Hon. A. II Dockery. Democratic can
didate, for th<* same office, both spoke to a
large gathering «>f local union men an<l
their families at a Labor day picnic In
one of the parks.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 3.— Labor day was cel
ebrated here by a labor parade wherein
more than 25.(X>0 men of all trades partici
pated. -•
ATLANTA. Oa., Sept. 3.— The largest
celebration of Labor day ever held In the
South took place here to-day. Five thou
sand men wer» in line. Civic and mili
tary organizations were In the parade
with labor unions.
CLEVELAND. Sept. 3.—Notwithstand
ing a steady downpour of rain there wero
probably S<JX> men in the Labor day pa
rade. At the conclusion of the parade
thousands of wnrkingmen and their fami
lies went to Scenic Park, where President
Samuel Gompers of the American Federa
tion of Labor delivered an address.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 3.— Labor day was
celebrated here by a parade of working
! men estimated at from 12,0oO to l.">.uOO. It
was the best appointed procession evei
seen here on a Labor day.
Socialists Refuse
to Pass the City
Haff at Jersey
City and Drop Out
Atfanta Sees the
Most Enthusiastic
Cerebration Ever
Hefdintfie8outfi*
STURDY SONS OF TOIL IN EASTERN STATES TORN OUT BY
THOUSANDS AND FITTINGLY HONOR LABOR DAY
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1900.
?
Roosevelt and
Bryan Address a
MitudeofWorR
ingmenatCfiicapo
UtterWords of En
couragement to
Their hearers and
Drop Politics.
CHICAGO. Sept. S.— Orgnnized labor
tn Chicajro to-day passed in re
view before Colonel W. J. Bryan
and Colonel Theodore RoosevclL
Hour after hour the labor unions
passed down Michigan avenue past the
Auditorium Hotel, on the loggia of which
stood the Democratic nomine© for Presi
dent and the Republican Vice Presidential
candidate, tog-ether with C. A. Towne,
Senator William E. Mason and a. dozen
other political leaders. Both Bryan and
Roosevelt were heartily greeted by the
men as they marched past the hotel.
When the last-man of the long line of
marchers had swung round Michipan ave
nue into Jackson boulevard Colonel Bryan
and Colonel Roosevelt went Inside the
hotel, whe:«> soon after they pat down to
« luncheon piven by labor representatives.
It was a "Hag: of truce" luncheon, for the
trades union men had decided that in the
celebration of l^abor day there was to be
no politic?
While the parade was moving a host of
people, mostly th<» families of working
ffion, Kathered !n Electric I'ark. where the
fpi-cches of th^ day were delivered.
Colonel Iloosrvc.lt was firs-t to be heard
ar.d he spoke in part as follows:
I$y far the greatest problem, the most far
rraeh'.ng in it* etui^-ndou* im;>ortance. Is that
problem, or lather lhat proup of problems.
¦which we have rrown to speak of as th*> labor
question. Tr.e foundation of our whole social
structure rests upon the material and moral
¦well beinc. the intelligence, the foresight, the
sanity, the ser.se of duty and the wholesale
patriotism of ihe wacreworker. This is doubly
The c«j«e now. for. in addition to each man's
Individual action, you have lcarnel the gTeat
leseon of actlr.g in combination. It would be
impossible to overestimate the 'ar-rraching
Influence of. and. on the whole, th» amount
of poo<3 done thrnu»rh your associations. In a<l
«2re*FinK you the one thinjr that I wish to
avoid in any mere f~!!tt<rring generality, and
mere hlgh-s.-iundinfr rkr.if-Fology, and, above
all. ar.y ai^x-al whatswvw r made In a dema
fcosic p^'nt or In a spirit of more emotlonal
cial an<l induFtrial needs — remedies, rights and
wronjrs— a ton of oratory is not worth an
ounce of h:ir<i-h«-,ade<1, kindly common ser.se.
Th? fundamental law of healthy political life
In this rreat republic is that each man shall,
in deed and not merely in word. l>e treated
Ftrii-tlj- on hlB worth as a man; that each
Fhali do fu'l justice to his fellow-, ami in re
turn shall exact full justice from him. Each
group of men baa its siiecial interests, and yet
the hijrher. the broader and deeper interests
are tho»e which apply, to all men alike, for
the rriirit of brotherhood in American citizen-
Fhip, when rishtly understood and rightly ap
plied, is more important than aupht else. Let
us scrupulously r«g&ni the special Interest of
the wageworker. the farmer, the manufacturer
»nJ the merchant, jrivinp to each man h>»
due and also teeeing that he doe« not wrong
hi* fellows; but let us ever keep clearly be
fore our minds the great fact that, where the
<iee:>est chords are touched, the interests of
a!! are alike and must Im.- fruarded alike.
lilust Beware of Hatred.
TY> must beware of eny attempt to make
hatred in any form the basis of action. Most
emphatically each of us needs to stand up for
hl« own rijrhts; all men and all groups of men
are bound to retain their self-respect, and in
demanding this same rapect from others to
see that they are not injured, and that ther
have secured to them the fullest liberty of
thought and action: but to feel that a grudge
ripair :*t others, while it may or may not harm
them, is sure in the Ions run to do i:.::iuivly
treater harm to the man himself.
The more a healthy American sees of one's
fellow-Americans the greater grows his con
viction that our chief iroub'es come from mu
tual misunderstanding — from failure t>> appre
ciate one another's DOlnt of view. In other
words the preat need is fellow fee-linir, sym
pathy, brotherhood: pji4 all this naturally
comes by association. It is. therefore, of \ital
importance that there should be such associa
tion. The most serious disadvantage in city
life is the tendency of each man to keep
Isolated in his own little set. and to look upon
the vast majority of his fellow citizens indif
ferently *o that he soon comes to forjjet that
they have th«« same red bcOOd. the same love
and hate, the same likes and dislikes, the
Fame desire for good, and the same perpetual
tendency, ever needing to be checked and cor
rected, to lapse from good into evil. If only
*>ur i*ople can be thrown together where they
act on a common ground with the same mo
tives and hav* the same objects, we need net
have much fear of their failing to acquire a
per.ulne respect for one another; and with such
respect there must finally come fair play for
all. Ir. the country districts the surrounding:!
«re pu'-h that a man can usually work out hi»
own fate by himself to the best advantage. In
our cities, or where men eon|:ref;ate in masses.
It is often necessary to work in combination—
that is. through uFsociatlonF. by trades union?.
Of course, if managed unwisely, the very
power of such union or organization makes
It capable of dcJiiiE much harm, but on the
whole it would be hard to overestimate the
rood these organizations have done in the past
if.: still harder to estimate the pood they can
do in the future If bandied with resolution,
forethought, honesty and sanity.
The Right to Regulate.
It Is not rosFlb'.e to lay down a hard an1
fast rule loprlcaJly perfect a« to where the State
Fhell and where the 'ndividual shall be left
ur.haTrjxred and unhelped.
%Ve have exactly the same ri?ht to repulate
the conditions of life and work in factories and
tenement houses that we have to retaliate tire
escapes in our houses. In certain communities
the exlFter.ce of a thorouchly efficient depart
ment of factory inspection is just as essential
a* the establishment of a flre department. How
far we shall po in repulatin* the hours of labor
or the liabilities of employers is a matter of
expediency and each case must be determined
on its own merits, exactly as it is a matter of
expediency to determine what so-called "pub
lic utilities" the community shall itself own
and what ones it Fhall leave to private or cor
porate ownership, securing to itself merely the
rl«fht to regulate. Sometimes one course is ex
pedient. Kometlmrs another.
In aridrf-Fs-ing an audience like this I don't
have f» Fay that the law of life is work, and
lhat work in Itself, fo far from beins any
hardship, is a great blessing, provided always
that it if carried on under conditions which
preserve a man's self-respect and which al
low him to develop his own character and
rear bis children so that he and they, as well
aJ> the whole community of which he and they
are a part, may steadily march onward and
upward. The idler, rich or poor, is at best use
less, and is generally a noxious member of the
community. To whom much has bee n given,
from him much Is rightfully expected; and a
heavy burden of responsibility rests upon the
man of means to Justify by his actions the fo
cial conditions which have rendered it po»
rible for him or his forefathers to accumu
late and to keep the property he enjoys. He
le net to be excused if he doe« not render
full measure of service to the state and com
munity at large. There are many ways In
which thir service can be rendered— lij art, in
literature. In philanthropy, as a statesman 'and
u. soldier; but in some way he is in honor
bound to render it. fo that benefits may ac
crue to his. brethren who have been less favored
liy fortune than he has TJeen. In short, he must
work not only for himself but for others. If he
does not work he falls not only in his duty
to the re«»t of the community. t>ut he falls sig
nally in his duty to himself. There is no need
of envying: the lflle. Ordinarily we can afford
tr> treat them with impatient contempt; for
when they fail to do their duty they fall to
get from life the highest and the keenest pleas
ure that life can give.
Industrial Problems Loom.
To <3o our duty; that Is the* summing up of
the whole matter. We must do our duty by
ourselves and we must <Jo our duty by our
neighbors. liefore us loom up Industrial prob
lems, vast in their importance and their com
plexity. The last half century has been one
of extraordinary social and industrial devel
opment. The changes have been far-reaching—
#cme of them for good and some of them for
evil. It is not given to the wisest of us to
see into the future with absolute clearness. No
tnin can be certain that ne has found the en
tire Bolution of this infinitely great and intri
cate problem, and yet each nun of us if he
¦would do his duty must strive- manfully so
far as In him llea to help bring about that so-
Jutlon.
It Is cot u ret possible to say what shall
2
« To Cure a Cold in One Day
Taka Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
orupijlsts refund the money if it fails to cure.
12. W. Grove's signature la on each box. 25clongrer hours and without depletion in
their memberships, and those that ha;l
not prepared for the storm had their
hours increased, their wages cut in half
and their membership run down until
some of them went out of existence alto
gether. The unions that weathered the
storm were those with small initiation
fees and large dues, while those that
failed were those witu large initiation fees
and small dues.
All Must Organinze.
"Experienc has shown," he said, "that
you cannot take more out of a pot than
you put into it. If you want any kinti
of an organization you must build some
thing; you must give something. The
road to the freedom of. labor is strewn
with the wrecks of those who have tried
to travel it. but you can travel it if you
want to. You can bring your banner for
ward, but vou must raise it high and you
must devote yourself to Its cause. They
tell us we need not fear Asiatic compe
tition. We should fear it. They tell us
they will pass exclusion acts. Tht-y will
not and no one who understands the con
stitution of the United States Delieves
they can. They tell us we must arbitrate,
but we will find ourselves like Samson,
who went to sleep with his head in De
lilah's lap, and we will wake to find our
locks shorn.
"You must hold together; you must
work for all as well as for yourselves.
You organize in your own craft. Why?
Because you have found that in unity
there is strength. Then why stop half
for a number nf years past been in very close
loach with the best lnterwts of our nation.
Htcte and munlcli>ality. nnd your presence here
f-day is an assurance of your Just appreciation
of the work done by united l.ihor.
Hoire on« has paid that organized labor .s a
n.cnace to th!e country, but the hlPto p' °: **'
p.-.Ft few years in this city and county shows
tr-e fal«'.tv or that BMwrtlon. Every move that
hu been 'mad- bv those who hold nearest and
dea^ttr^^-st interests of this municipality
haTrXen backed by the united support of every
ii^l'a'ed body constituting two iarpe central
£4 £ under WhiHM au.p-.ee. thl. celebration ie
rtld Onran'.zed labor la looked upon by »ome
m «'t belrs In touch with the bent Intere.tt
of the municipality. th« Htat- or nation but
they who hold the-se opinions are out Ot t«M*
with eroytWne com-ldered to be for the best
liiterests of this our common country.
Organized Labor of To-Day.
The organized laboring man of to-day hats the
...r^e interest* end tak»? aa much pride in the
SJSlr a"£fnfstra«on of the affairs of govern
ment as doe " the merchant, the banker or the
Srofe4lonal man? It therefore follows that the
iab^r u-'on-and aa it is with the labor union
labor "~£ n th B tne central body, but in vastly
f-rier pr^portlons-lnstead of being a menace
h the country, is the only power which to-day
I. carable of protecting from outside inter
fl^re the flag ot this our common country.
tv> are the fabric of government. The patriotic
r,d of the American citizen flows through
™,r ° vein- and we are ready at all tlnu* to
assert akd enforce the rights of our Govern
"rnirin* the last year organized labor has ad-
Organized labor has in the past year gone
6tlll further in taking another step in bringing
mere solidly to its support the concentrated
energies of all tollers, and to that end has es
tablished a paper of Its own. by which all mat
ters affecting the innermost interests or labor
The Labor Paper.
vnnced very materially. Seme victories were
the result of heavy battles and others resulted
from the internal Improvement and progress
of thorough und sincere organization. Among
the former may be classed the Federal build-
In* known as the San Francisco Postofflce and
the Courthouse, which at one time, through the
hiring of non-union labor, threatened to precipi
tate a serious condition. An appeal to reason
on the pait of those, however, whose Interests
were involved proved that in this as In all
other Instances of like character organized la
bor's request was Just and should be conceded.
Thus the threatened trouble ended.
There are others with whom the battle still
rages many of whom do not fancy the Idea of
lirving the attention of the public called to
the fact that the Jap, the little brown man,. Is
not as,, good a garment maker or tailor as is
the free white American citizen. These battles
will continue until the gentlemen who prefer
the Jap because of monetary considerations will
find that his field for such un-American opera
i tions is quite limited at the present time, to
be closed entirely out in the future. Then and
not until then will the American laborer who
Is engaged in raising and educating his family
as Americans should be raised and educated
find in San Francisco a field where his inter
ests are not to be disturbed by those who have
no family ties.
are kept constantly before its readers; and now
to show its sincerity In this onward move or
ganized labor has under way at this moment
the construction of a labor temple or home
and headquarters for all unions of this city.
All this goes to fIiow hov^ solidly labors in
tcS-eets are cemented, v,ith what ease the pres
ent controversy can be handled and how suc
cess must ultimately rest with us. 'We are
sometimes charged with belnp Insincere and not
being able to take care of ourselves, much less
any other interest which mUht be involved,
but I am satisfied, ladies and gentlemen, that
you will asree with me when I say that the
present difficulty, the manner in which It has
been dealt with, the reasonable methods adopted
and the channels through which they have
been used in order to attain an honorable and
businesslike adjustment show conclusively that
all that is considered to be to the best inter
ests of the community is to-day In the camp
jet organized labor, and the few masters or
bosses opposing us have earned the positions
and titles of demagogues and agitators.
Andrew Furuseth. secretary of the Sail
ors' Union, was the next speaker. He
said he knew that in the midst of all the
merrymaking it was hardly the time for
serious remarks, but he believed it was
always proper to speak of some of the
more serious questions of unionism. The
burden of his words was that the union.?
should keep strong organizations and
stand together. He had noticed, he said,
that in times of depression those unions
with full treasuries and well disciplined
organizations came out of the depression
without reductions in wages, without
HOW THE UIMIOINS SPENT THE D/W AT CENTRAL PARK
cessions and tide shows — where the visit
or might see the snake-eating man, the
queen of beauty and the hula-hula, or
where he migrht have hi? weight guessed
or test his strength on the business end
cf a lever that shot a red weight up a
ladder toward a bell. There was always
at least one man In the picturesque uni
form of the sailors' union swinging the
heavy maul and matins the weight jump.
but it took a brawny member of tne
cement-workers' union to make the gong
at the lop of the ladder speak.
Three of the unions turned out In dis
tinctive dress. The Sailors' Union of the
PaclSc were there as usual with man-o'
warsman caps, white Fhirts and wide blue
collars. They marched up Market street
bearing their fiags and stepping to the
beat or drums, and when they reached the
j ark they took the place by storm.
The Uerrickmen'p and Engineers' Union
appeared in engineers' overalls, white
duck hat? and in their shirtsleeves, just
;:s if they had ltft their places in the
Tne cement -workers came In white
working overalls and gray hats and in
: umber* ihat made the other unions ap
pear small. Each union carried its ban
:,< • p.r.d the r.aiiona.1 colors and each man
walked hi? proudest before the judges,
for tha Phelan cup was to be awarded to
th^ cr.e making the best appearance.
The judge* of the appearance of the
¦ . • : as were Cleveland Dam. Judge
Fritz ana Augustus Tilden, and they ren
dered Thc-lr decision just before the lit
erary exercises commenced in the after
doos.
Cement-Workers- Win Cup.
In announcing the judgment Cleveland
Para paid that in judging they had de
rlded to do so upon the basis of 100 cred
its — rifty lor attendance and Jifty for gen
eral appearance. Under these lierures he
raid the rpDient-Borb'-rs bad received
eighty credits, the uerrickmen -and engi
neers seventy-nine credit? and the sailors
seventy credits. Th<» others had fallen tco
far below to be considered.
At the announcement of the judgment
thr-ro waa tremendous cheering", for the
cement- workers were out in force, and
beg'ces every one admitted that they had
fairly won the distinction. The>* Phelan
c;;^ is to be given annually to the union
making the best showing on L.abor day.
It was f.rst competed for last year and
v.ill become the property of the union
v.-ir.nlng it three years in succession. That
f-e cement -workers won it last year and
now have two straight winnings to their
< .-edit addf^d to the rnthu«iasm that went
up when it was known they had won it
"The exercises -were made up of speeches
pnd music by the band. They were
rpened by P. H. McCarthy, president of
the day. who made a short address and
Then took charge. of the programme. In
his opening speech he said:
Ladies an<5 Gentlemen: It is my proud ple&s
ure ae preslflect cf the day to •welcome you to
tfcie celebration and extend to you the heartfelt
thar.ks of organized labor for your presence
v^re on this occasion. Organized labor has
57 AEOR "wa» king and his realm waa
Central Park yesterday, for th»re
ji .» ths unions of the city celebrated
their own annual holiday. It was
a Qt^et a.ffalr, but as a day of rest It was
rot notable, for Its hours were from 9 In
the morning until 15 at night, and there
•wus not a minute of the time when there
¦was not something in the way of excite
ment or entertainment to attract the
people.
The park had been specially fitted up for
the sons of toll. The racecourse around
the grounds where once the wooden horse
deported himself had been transformed
Into a ecenlc railway and the cars chased
csxh other around the track in a con
tinuous dream. A tug-of-war platform
bad. been erected rchere union men could
pull against union and the victors could
be B&en in the midst of their triumph;
btA where formerly was a panorama of
the battle of Manila Bay an auditorium
had been fitted up for the speakers in the
afternoon and the singers and dancers
In the evening. And around the sides of
the pround were th« specialties — the con-
Speeches and Music,
Exercises, Dancing
and Amusement for
All and to Spare,
How the Great Dan
Was Passed bg the
HornnhandedofSan
Francisco.
LABOR WAS KING-HIS COURT IN CENTRAL PARK, HIS
LOYAL SUBJECTS UNION MEN WHO PAID HIM HOMAGE
Prizes for the Prettiest Girl, the Finest
Babg, the Fleetest of Foot and the
I Nimblest Toe; Songs, Words of Warn
ing and of Hope and a General Good
Time for All,
while the exercises were poing on. There
was dancing: in the galleries of the pare
buildings and there were games in the
grounds. The programme of games had
been expected to last through most of the
day, but it was found that they went into
the night as well, for it was not until
most of the people had gone home u>
supper and had returned to the parK
again that the jig and reel dancing was
taken up. There were races for old and
young, boy and girl, fat and lean, and
everybody and anybody who could put
one foot ahead of the other. Many of the
events were suggested by different
unions, and the unions put "P the prizes.
The prizes ran from $2 to $10 In money,
and from suits of clothes to tools ana
medals.
There was a baby contest, the babies to
be between the ages of ten and twenty
months, and accompanied by their moth
ers. There were a score or more entered,
the mothers receiving nearly as much at
tention as the babies, and the crowds
cheered for their favorite baby or mother
and prompted the judges until the de
cision was rendered in favor of Ethel
Murray, a diminutive specimen, who
crowed with the crowd over her own vi<-
tory. Katie Williams was a good second,
and it was on third prize that the boys
had first chance. Joseph Beale was tnird,
and then another ctrl baby. Georgia Cro
nin. came fourth. The Rlrla were plainly
in the lead. The first prize was $10. the
second $7 50, the third 15 and the fourth
$2 50.
Who Was the Prettiest?
There was also a prize of a gold watch,
donated by Cigar-makers" International
Union No. 28. to be given to the prettiest
woman or girl at the celebration. There
was but one judge, J. K. McDougald, and
he wandered around the park looking for
beauties who, not understanding the se
riousness of his gaze, gave him frowns
Danced Jigs and Reels.
Amateurs' race— Dan F.urk» first, J. Sullivan
seoenri.
Young woman's race — SSlM Fannie Regney
first. Mln Bes3ie Meyer second, Misa Katla
McKay third.
Kricklayers 1 race— J. J. Phillips first.
Allied Printers" race— J. C Hentz first. J. F.
Jlor.-;n sivonrt.
Hace for women ox-er i'l — Mrs. Cronin first,
Mrs. Mary Sullivan second.
Bricklayers' apprentices' race— James Itln,5
rosa first. Antnru S.iysette second.
Race for girls under 14— Grace Sharkey first.
Kmfp J>eiMy second.
OM men' j race— J. K. Mills first.
Race for boys under It— J. McDonlg'.e Brst.
F. Harris second.
The judges of the pames were: Thomas
Ryan. Cement Workers: I [. M. Snunders.
Carpenters No. II. Oibb. Typographical
No. 21; F. lIUKhes, Shwwnrkirs; Georso
Compo. Shoe Clerks; Willies McDormott,
Sandstone Cutters; C. IIus.sy, Varmshers
and Polishers.
The jigs and reels danced to the f.no
music furnished by Profr.-sor McCarthy
wore all of the highest order. Little ar. I
big. old and young, seemed to be ;mbuo-l
with the spirit of dancing and all showc-il
remarkabU ability and Knowledge of ih»»
terpsichnrean art. The prizes were awar.i
rcl by Judges H. XI. Saur.dera. W. iicDer
mott and Jumos lieegan as foliov.-o.
Reel and jic; ilanco for union inen — Dan
Er.idy. first: 1>. Hortan. second.
Scotch horr.plt*.— Miriam Sydney Smith. first;
I.acy Sullivan, second.
Reel anil ji« dance for lacliss— Julia Molloy,
first; N'.tu Cavrmagh, second.
Jiff', and jisr daneinst for juveniles — Baby Jen
nie Tully nr.«t; Mary Cronin. second.
Irish hornpipe — Uan iSrady and Miss Kat*
MfCabe won.
The feature of the evening'3 entertain
ment was the excellent programme re:i
c'.ered in the auditorium. The talent Waa
well selected and every number w;«s well
received by the larsre audience, itecalu
were plentiful and the programme was n<>;
completed until a late hour. Following
were the numbers:
Vocal solo. Mrs. S. J. Tully: dancer atm\
singer, Master Melville Cook'.ey; specialties.
Haby Cenie TuKy: vocal music, socialistic
Maer.ncrchor Society; song3. Bert
Keough; recitation and son*. Miss Jt-nnii
Doyle; S'.rsss, Messrs. Marlow and Keily; •¦ake
walk. Miss Hazel Johnson; dancing, Miriam
Sydney Smith.
When the programme was complete-!
dancing was resumed and it stnppea only
with the closing of the park gates.
ST. PATRICK'S PARISH
SOUGHT SAN RAFAEL
and Defeated All Comers
With Ease.
Father Brady Was the Crack Sprinter
About 7000 people attended yesterday at
Schuetzen Park, near San Rafaer. the an
nual picnic of St. Patrick's parish. Tha
excursion was a great success. There wero
no accidents to mar the day, and every
body returned to the city tired out but
enthusiastic over the day's pleasure. Tho
first contingent from the parish arrivea
in the park about 11 o'clock. They were
reinforced by trainloads of people throush
out the day.
The forenoon was spent by the merry
pleasure-seekers on the grounds, and by
noon the crowd was distributed into littlo
squads, who devoured the contents of tht>
substantial lunch baskets with ravenous
appetites. Promptly at 2 o'clock athletic
sports commenced. They were handle'!
with good judgment under the ablo direc
tion of T. L>. Doran, Jim Hughes ami
William Flynn. Mr. Flynn acting in tha
capacity of starter.
The feature of the sports was th« sprint
ing of Father Barry of St. Patrick's
parish. The boys tried to give him thr»
laugh when he stepped to the scratch in
the sodality race, but when they were ofC
at the first quarter he was three lengths*
in the lead, at the half he had six to his
credit and he won pulling up.
Mrs. Conner was the crack scorcher in
all the ladies' events. She won a parasol
in one race, and was busy the rest of tha
afternoon trying to trade It off for some
thing more useful.
Eugene Lacy was the chairman of the
committee of arrangements, and he de
serves great credit for the way the picnio
was conducted. Father Cummings thra
pastor of the parish, was all around thf»
grounds all day and made it his business
to see that everybody had a good time.
Those Who Won.
The results of the games were as fol
lows:
Race for srirla under 6— Mary Sweeney first,
Maria Sloane second.
Race for girls under 9— Josie Glck first, Saflii
Lacy second.
Race tor girls under 12— Cr!st!e Asmusen first.
Lizzie HaggerlJP second.
Race for eirla under 14— Kate Burns first.
Pearl Siebe second.
Hace cpen t'- a!l school girls — Sarah Gensey
first. Annie Pooley iecr.nd.
Race for boys under 6— Hush Qulnn first.
Thomas Kgan second
Kii.ce for boys under 12— William Rjch.trdson
first. J. A. Egan second.
Race for boys under 14 — Frank Qu'.gg first.
Joe Lynch second.
Race open to all school bo>-3 over 14— Walter
Jones first, I'atri"k Ponahue second.
Race for St. Patrick's altar buys — John Mur
ray first. John O'Leary second.
Race for boys of !i«-.!y Name Sodality—Wil
liam 6*Ma tir^t. William Kerry second.
Kaee for convent graduates — Annie Dooley
first. Kate Robertson second.
Kaee for young ladies — Annie Savage first.
Mary O'Connor second.
Race for Young Ladies' Sodality— Lilly
CCcnnor first, Jennie McCarthy second.
Rac« for Sodality choir — Jennie McCarthy
first, Kate Fuller second.
Those in Charge.
The success of the picnic was due to Uw
Continued on Page Nine.
Hose coupling 1 contest, each company to put
two men to coupling four lengths of hose-
Won by Engine 5 in 1 minutes 58»i seconds.
Other times were: Engine 10. 2:00V£: Kngine 6.
2:01; Engine 4, 2:CoH; Engine 1. 2:13; Engine
2S and Kngine 2, tie on 2:15^; Engine 12 and
Engine 17, tie on 2:20; Engine 3, 2:2<Uj.
Fat men's race — J. F. Jloran first, M. Xaugh
ton second, M. Miskel third.
Fat women's race — Mrs. Mary Sullivan first.
Mrs- McGuirard second.
Married women's race— Mrs. H. G. Kelly
first. Mrs. M. Schwartz second, Mrs. Chase
third.
The choice fell upon Miss Emma Mc-
Kay, as pretty a girl as ever came
through the park gates, and no one
blamed the judge for his choice.
The tugs-of-war caused great excite
ment, and if the force of the rooting and
the cheers could have been put upon the
rope it would have been snapped like a
thread. Instead it held stoutly to the
victory of the carpenters and the defeat
of all the other teams. There were four
in the contest — carpenters, derrickmen,
sailors and cement-worker. The carpen
ters first pulled the sailors over the
cleats; then the cement-workers pulled
the derrickmen from their places and
then the carpenters danced the cement
workers over the platform amid great en
thusiasm.
The other games and races were as fol
lows:
for smiles and complicated his work and
increased his fear of making a mistake.
There were many to choose from, and his
was a hard task, but along toward twi
light, purposely so darkness might hide
beauties he had overlooked, he rendered
his decision.
Before the' literary exercises the crowds
had not -been idle, nor were they even
way. Is It not stronger to all come to
gether to form a perfect whole? A chea.p
organization can accomplish nothing, "a* 1
an organization can accomplish very lit
tle. There Is safety only in all organizing
together." ,
Arthur R. Andre was the next speaker.
He opened by a reference to Labor flay,
describing it as a day not for the Jolllfl
i cation over the increase of wages an.i
' the reduction of hours only, but a day
dedicated to the dignity of labor and in
recognition of labor as the foundation of
society. He spoke of the power of or
ganization and of the necessity for a.d
laboring men to stand together.- He spoke,
too. of the union label and the tre
mendous influence exerted when every
man demanded that what he ate and what
he wore and everything he used that wad
made by hands bore the union label, the
proof that it was made by union men. He
who does this, he said, is an honorary
member of every union in the land; he is
a union man indeed. The speaker then
referred to the political influence of union
ism when brought to bear upon legisla
tion for the benefit of or to the detriment
of organized labor. The time will come,
he said, when the unions will have their
own representatives in the legislative halld
and they will not have to watch from the
lobby that the laws are not worked to
their harm. . . .
John E. McDougald followed with a few
remarks upon the day and its history. He
spoke, too, of the power of the ballot,
and said there could be no real advance
ment in unionism until labor had learned
this lesson. In referring to the labor agi
tator he said: "The labor agitator is a
benefactor. It is through him that wages
are kept up and shorter hours are main
tained. It is he who fights the battle,
who bears the brunt and who is first to
be discharged. A labor organization
without an agitator might as well not
exist." -1; .
The last speaker of the day was O. A.
Tveitmoe. He said organized labor was
not 'ulone to decrease hours &.r.d to raise
pay. It was far more for the better edu
cation of the people; for better govern
ment; for better homes: for contentment
and happiness. He believed its mission
was to bring peace into the world and i
avoid strife by securing justice to all.
President McCarthy then closed the ex
ercises with a few words. "The eight
hour day has come to stay,' he shouted,
amid the cheers of the audience, "and no
power betwen this and heaven can bar
its progress."
Between speeches there was music, and
the crowds left the auditorium to the
lively notes of a march.
"*• Games in the Grounds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1900.
3Bay City Wheelmen With
draw From California
Association.
WILL NOT RICE
AS A CYCLING
ORGANIZATION
WALTHAM, Mass., Sept. 3.-The fall
race meet on the Waltham track to-day
had as its principal event the twenty-five
mile motor-paced race between John E.
Nelson, Archie McEachern and James
Moran. In which Nelson won despite a
number of accidents. At the start Nelson
caught his pace first, but In the first mile
McEachern lost his pace. Nelson and
Moran had gained two laps before he
started again.. On the first lap: of the
second mile the chain on Moran's wheel
broke and this gave Nelson a big lead,
which he kept until the finish, despite an
accident to his wheel "V » ¦ » ¦ i ' h
CHICAGO. Sept. 3.— Miss McAteer of
Pittsburg won the woman's "Western ten
nis championship at Kenwood to-day by
defeating Miss Banks of Philadelphia, 6-5,
5-4, 5-7, 6-2.
The championship In doubles also went
to Pennsylvania. Miss McAteer and Miss
Banks defeated Miss Parker and Miss
Champlin, the Canadian team, by 6-3, 5-7,
6-2, 5-7, 7-5. . -
In the consolation singles Miss I^ee de
feated Miss Pennlngton, 9-5, 2-6, 6-4.
Mixed doubles— Miss Stcever and Dr. Lee
defeated Miss McAteer and Mr. Levalley,
7-5, 1-6. 6-2.
Helson. Wins.
Women's Western Championship.
Miss McAteer of Pittsburg Wins the
TENNIS TOURNAMENT.
An Impromptu jinks followed the busi
ness of the evening. Punch and more
solid refreshments were served.
After this action an election -was "held
for a nominating committee to present a
ticket for the annual election of officers.
The nominating committee as elected con-
Msts of Frank H. Kerrigan, M. C. Rambo,
Sid Vincent. Gus Fleisner, J. M. Salazar,
Henry Day and , Walter D. Sheldon.
This resolution was unanimously adopt
ed by the board some days since and pre
sented last night at a general meeting of
members for either confirmation or rejec
tion. The seventy members present voted
without a dissenting voice for the resolu
tion as It stood.
the Bay City Wheelmen do hereby aban
don interclub racing."
VALLEJO, Sept. 3. — Gadder won the cup
to-day in the first regatta of the Vallejo
Yachting and Rowing Club.
The following yachts sailed: Angela,
Pilgrim, Trilby, Sneak, Gadder, Aiata and
Hazel. The contest was for a cup present
ed to the club by JCeshishyan and Giant.
Gadder, the victorious yacht, owned by
Chapman of Benicia, made the run of
eighteen miles to Pinole Point and return
in 4 hours, 11 minutes. Angela, owned by
Woods, came second; Trilby, owned by
Brown, third. ' '
The regatta was considered a great suc
cess and a large party of excursionists
took advantage of the trip made by the
Judge's boat Vallejo and watched the
yachts alone the course. The wind was
fine and continued so | till the race was
well over.
Yachting and Bowing Club.
£r*cial Dispatch to The Call.
Result of the Regatta of Vallejo
GADDER WINS THE CTJP.
ta and Edgwood nines, a purse of $1000
being at stake. Two special cars were run
out of Yreka to acco'mmodate excursion
ists. Little Shasta won by a score of 27
to 14. The purse was evenly divided, $500
being given each team.
STANFORD UNIVKRSITY. Sept. 3.—
"With the arrival to-day of Frank Slaker,
Chicago University's famous full-back,
Stanford's prospects for gridiron victories
this fall were materially brightened. The
famous athlete reached Palo Alto on the
noon train and was met at the depot by
a large crowd of students. Slaker was
much pleased with the California climate<.
He will don his football suit to-morrow
and b^prtn light training-. Manager Gil
dersleevo has secured the house formerly
occupied by the Kappa Alpha Theta
Society for tho year and will Immediately
transform it into a training house for the
football men. Its location so close to the
BTidiron makes It a model place for ath
letic purposes. ' ,
Football Star.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Students Give Greeting to the New
SLAKES AT STANFORD.
Senior eights, shell — Won by Dauntless Row-
Ing Club. New York; Bohemian Boat Clue,
New York, second. Time, 4:49^.
Junior four-oared gig— Final won by Met
ropolitan Rowing: Club; Clifton Boat Club.
Staten Island, second: Crescent Boat Club,
PhlladelDhla. third. Time. 5:3?.
Senior four-oared shell— Final won by Insti
tute Boat Club, Newark. X. J. ; Union Boat
Club, New Yor, second; Crescent Boat" Club,
Philadelphia, third. Time. 5:13.
Junior sculls— Final won by N. Y. A. C.
(J. C. Anderson, bow; n. L. Slmm, stroke;);
Harlem Rowing Club (Charles Seofleld, bow;
John Schultz. stroke ;) second; Vesper Boat
Club. Philadelphia, third. Time, 5:40.
Junior single sculls — Final won by II.
Hirsch. Harlem Rowing Club; R. S. Cramer,
Lone Star Boat Club, New York, second; A.
C. McCloskey. Pennsylvania Barge Club, Phil
adelphia, third. Time, C:03.
Intermediate singles— Final won by Henry
Hllbers. WahnPtah Boat Club, Flushing:. L. I.;
Jo.«=e:.h Behrensky, Bohemian Boat Club, New
York, second: Jesse W. Powers. Nassau Boat
Club. New York, third. Time, 6:2S.
Intermediate four-oared — Final won by New
Rochelle Club: Wyanoke n. C. N>w York.
second; Crescent B. C. Philadelphia, third.
Time. 6:40.
Junior eieht-oared shell— Final won by Met
ropolitan Rowing Club. New York; Potomao
Hoat Club. Washineton, I>. C, second: West
Philadelphia Boat Club third. Time. 5:24H.
Intermediate double sculls— Final won by Bo
hemian B. C. ; Union B. C. second; Harlem
R. C. third. Time. 6:22.
Junior Cfntlpede — Final won by New York
A. C. ; Varuna E. C, Brooklyn, second. Time,
5:43.
Junior paii oars, final— Won by Union B. C,
New York: Penntylvanlt Barge Club, second.
No time taken.
Junior singles, first hpat — Won by Max
Hirsch. Harlem R. C, New York: S. Cramer,
Lone Star. New York, second. Time. 6:5SV4.
Junior singles, second heat— Won by C A-
McCloskey. Pennsylvania Barpe Club, Phila
delphia; John Pardee, Institute B. C, Newark,
N. J.. second. Time, 6:47.
Intermediate sin>rl<>.«, second heat — Won by
H. Philbers Jr., Wahnetah B. C. Flushing;
Jesse Powers, Nassau B, C, New York, sec
ond; A. Keenc, New York A. C, third. Time,
7.-01%.
InU mediate single scull?, first heat — Won
by Joseph Phensky. Bohemian B. C, New
York: Mark Davis, Harltm R. C, New Tork,
p«--con<l: M. A: Cornell. Union B. C, New York,
disqualified. Time. 7:43.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— The eleventh an
nual reiratta of the Middle States Re
gatta Association was held on the Har
lem River to-day. There were thirteen
events on the programme, and the course
for all was nn*> mile in length. All the
trial heats and some finals were rowed
down stream in the forenoon. The day
was an Ideal one for a water carnival
and the temperature was such as to suit
the most exacting oarsmen, though a
strong southwest breeze blew off the New
York shore and made the rowing on No. 1
position a trifle difficult. Summaries:
Idsal "Weather and Good Sport on
Harlem River.
MIDDLE STATES REGATTA.
Fofth race, three-fourths of a mile, for three
year-olds, Belling— Artilleryman 102, Phleeon
107. Letlsrer 102, Only Me 107. Miss Vera 107.
Nihau 107. Trevathan 107, Swlftwater 102. Delia
Connors 107.
Fifth race,' three-fourths of a mile, for three
three-vear-olds and upward, selling— Cromwell
107, Morinel 110, Princess Zeika 34. Expedient
100, Grady 107. McFarlane 107, Rey del San
Juan 115. Kl Mldo 110.
Third race, three-fourths of a mile. Dewey
stakfr— Torslna 104, February 104. Constellator
iU6, Mocorito . True Blue 122. Mag-not 107,
Asian 101. Bee IJe« ?8, Pompino 107. Mabell 97.
Second race, trottins, purse $1000. best 3
in 5 — Puerto Rico. Silvlan. Joe Selby. Algonlta.
Cyclone., Greyling. General Smith. Julia S,
Belle Patchen," Janice, Atherine, Juan Chtco
and Charue Me.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 3.— The entries
for to-morrow are as follows:
First race, pacing, 2:20 class— The Boer,
Dakan D and N L B.
To-Morrow's Entries.
Pilot (95), 25 to 1: Torslda (101), 6 to 1; Don
Luis (97), 8 to 1: Anjou (104). i to 1; Petal (91),
20 to 1; Brier Hill (102), 25 to 1; Jack McCabe
(PI). 23 to 1: Kickumbob (S5), 12 to 1; Sunello
(104). 12 to 1: Caesar Young <S5), 60 to 1, and
Glen Ann (104). 12 to 1, also ran.
Time. 1:28^
Ki'th race, seven furlongs, selling, purse $250.
A> J. Stemler & Co.'s ch. g. Lodestar 107, by
Mldlothian-Alameda (Farrell). 7 to 2 1
Owen Brothers' ch. f. Flush of Gold 92 (H.
Stuart). 12 to 1 2
J. Webers" b. if. Abano 110 (Kuiz), 10 to 1 3
Second race, racing, green class, heats, three '
in five, rurse JCCO.
T&ks, h. m. by Diablo-Bqnnie B (Bige
low) 1 1 1
Knoch. b. g. by Kidmoor (Simpson) 7 2 2
Jennie S. b. m. by Directum (t>angster)..2 4 4
Frpdericksburg, ch. g. by Nephew Jr
(Bunch) 3 5 3
The Queen, gr. m. Unknown (Nelson).... 5 3 5
CWon. ch. m. by Happy Prince (\V. G.
Durfee) 4 7 dr
llaud It. ch. m. by Jim C (J. Phannon)...6 6dls
llulcahy, gr. g. by Aptos Wllkes (Jef
fries) di».
Zaloch, br. h. by McKinney (Donahue). ..dis.
Time, 2:13%. 2:16V4, 2:20Vi.
Third race, running, six furlongs, selling:,
purse. $300.
W. B. Sink's ch. c. Formero 110, by Imp.
Conveth-Kormosa (Ruiz). 6 to 1 1
W. U. Stanneld'a ch. g. Toribio 117 (Am»s).
10 to 1 2
J. S. Gibson's ch. m. February 103 (J. Mc-
Dor.ald). 5 to 2 3
Time, 1:13%.
Amos-a (107), 8 tol; Jennie Reid (107). 10 to 1:
Casdale (107), 10 to 1, and Herculean (S6), 3 to
2, also rg.n. •
Fourth race, five furlongs, selling:, two-year
olrta. purse, $250.
G. Summers' b. f. Bavaesa 103. by Imp. Bas
patlaw-Bavaria (Mounce), 9 to 5 1
A J. Stemler & Co.'s ch. f. Eonic 105 (Far
rell), 7 to 10 2
Burns & Waterhouse's b. f. Spain War 103
(Butler), 12 to 1 3
Time, 1:01%.
Canmore (106)- 10 to 1; Screenwell Lake (103).
7 to 1; Ml«s Be«sio Bhanley (1C3), 30 to 1. and
Carilee (9S), 25 to 1, also ran.
Time, 2:19, 2:17^, 2:21'.i, 2:22',i.
First race, trotting, the Occident stak?,
heats, three in five, value $22?.0.
Eulah Me. blk. f. by McKlnney-Bal
nnce All (\V. Hogoboom) 4 111
Tom Smith. l>r. c. by McKinney-Daisy
S (J. L. Smith) 2 2 2 2
The Roman, b. g. by McKinney (E.
Lafferty) 1 rtls.
Vendone. b. c. by Iran Alto (Bunch). .3 dis.
The Summary.
In addition to tho regular card to-mor
how there will be a pony race with gen
tlemen riders up, -which is axpected to be
a fetching society stunt.
Officers made a clean up of touts? at the
track, a batch of about seventeen being
told to leave town.
Starter Pat Reagan had a big bunch of
fourteen to send down the chutes in the
last race, a seven furlong run. After Pilot
and Abnno had shot their bolts, young
Farrell dropped along with Lodestar, and
bv clever riding, won as he pleased from
Flush of Gold and Abano. The winner
receded from 3 to 2 to threes.
Ab Stemler tried Farrell. a stable lad on
Eonic, in the two-year-old number, and 7
to 10 was accepted about the filly. Gill
Summers thought his Bassetlaw filly was
the thing and the smart ones strung theirs
that way, getting 9 to 5. It proved the
leal thing, for Mounce had Bavassa in
front from the jump, and beat the favor
ite hands down. Spain War came from
behind, taking the show.
After opening a 3 to 2 chance for the
first running event Formero, with Ruiz
up. went to 5 and 6. and then won almost
handily. Amasa was first away, but quit
when the clip became too hot. In a mild
drive, p-ormero earned the verdict over tne
top-weighted Toribio by a neck. The fa
vorite Herculean, away none too wen,
made no showing at all. Neither did Jen
nie Reid.
Favorite Herculean Also Runs.
the half was reached Freder
icksburg was leading, and in the run home
it looked all over. A sixteenth from home,
though, he made a "jimmy," and Tags
ended the game by once more -..sposlng of
Enoch and winning first money.
The Woodland driver. C. B. Bigelow.
made it three straight with Tags in the
green class pace, selling second choice In
the auction pooling. Fredericksburg found
ready purchasers at 20, Tags going for 7
and the field 6.
: Jennie S. with the pole position, led un
til nearly to the stand in the opening heat,
when in an exciting drive Bigelow behind
Tags came with a rush, winning by a neck
in 2:15'^. Bunch with the favorite trailed,
getting through in time to finish a good
third. Still the crowd wanted nothing
but Fredericksburg. Again Tags fought it
out all the way, this time downing Enoch
a head in a desperate pace, superbly driv
en. Coming out for the third heat Freder
icksburg sold for 20. Tags 8 and the field 4.
Strangely enough, the first named pacer
was a 3 to .1 chance in the books as well.
Then the uncorking happened.
Tags in Three Straight,
For thp accommodation of those wishing
to speculate five pencilers passed out
pasteboards. John Humphrey chalked up
price's; followed by Fitzgerald & Co.. Cav
anaugh & Co. and Hughey Jones, but Joe
Harlan "went it alone." The first four
were accused of trying to syndicate it. ana
it was said made strenuous efforts to
freeze Harlan out. However, he booked
under the name of Rider & Co., and the
talent is happy over the ripe prices laid
in most instances.
The ring broke about oven to-day. It
didn't como so easy fur the choices after
the win of Eulah Me. Fredericksburg, over
which Charley Bunch played a lone hand
for two heats, and a hot favorite for the
"green" pace only annexed fourth money,
while Herculean and Eonic contributed
more hard luck history for the running
horso people. Lodestar blew in ahead of
his field at pleasant odds, pulling the
losers out in the afterpiece.
Special Dispatch to the Call-
The Racing Officials.
In the judges' stand J. W. Wilson, as
usual, presided, and M. D. Chamberlain,
another director of the society, as asso
ciate, their decisions being cordially re
ceived. Jovial and popular Frank Covey
of the Palo Alto stock farm by his start
ing of the harness division showed he had
lost none of his cleverness, or tact. The
timers were R. J. Hayey and "Hanger"
Jones. Pat Reagan dispatched the run
ning fields, his bow being a marked suc
cess.
Eiilali Me Away First.
Starter Covey quickly gave the quartet
the word, with the favorite, trailed by
Vendome, showing the way. At the live
furlong pole Vendome, handled by Bunch,
broke his martinjjale, and swerving in
smashed one wheel of Driver Hogoboom's
bike, causing the latter to pull up to a
standstill. Ed Lafferty. behind The Ro
man, then assumed the lead, jogging
home first nearly forty lengths before
Tom Smith, in 2:19. The. result had been
announced in the ring, before the favor
ite's pilot reached the stand to spin his
tale of woe to the judges. After question-
Ing the different reinsmen, the officials de
cided to allow the first choice to start
again, which was greeted with cheers by
the crowd.
In scoring for the second heat The
Roman seemed flighty and uncertain
breaking soon after the word was given.'
He settled finally, stepping the middle
half in l:02ii, but caught the red bunting,
and what promised to be a sensational
contest simmered down to a tame, home
made affair. Eulah Me took this and the
two following heats from Tom Smith, re
ducing her work to 2:17^>. So pleased was
Kingsbury over the victory that h© pre
sented hla interest In the winner to her
helmsman.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 3.— Cool
weather, a liberal attendance.
Rmart fields, with sharp bet
tins, and a splendid programme
of pport were tho salient fea
tures at Agricultural Park to
day — the • opening day of the
great jubilee State Fair race meet. Har
ness horse folk and followers of the run
ners from all parts of the State are here
and everybody Is elated over the pros
pect of an old-fashioned turf feast.-
The time-honored Occidental stake for
three-year-old trotters, worth J16S1 to the
v.-inner, for the honor of capturing which
many a fast equir.o has battled in the
past, was the delectable morsel served up
to please the light-harness horse lovers.
Kverybody, or nearly everybody, was
right, for Eulah Me, owned by Hogoboom
ft Kingsbury and driven by William Ho-
Koboom, took the rich prize. The winner
Is a daughter of McKinnejvjjnd it seemed
like a gathering of the clan McKinney,
for two of the other three starters claim
the sire as their paternal parent. From
a spectacular standpoint the race was a
jrrand success, even if the backers of the
favorite, Eulah Me, were afflicted witli
spasms over the outcome of the first hoat.
In the pools, Kuiah, that had drawn the
pole position, sold for 20; the much-touted
The Roman at 12 and the lield, consisting
cf Tom Smith and Vendome, 2, while in
the books she was held a 2 to 5 chance.
By Freci E. n^E-u.lliolla,nci.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Sept. S. — Harry
Caldwell of Manchester, K. H., won the
six-day hour-a-day race which ended at
the Coliseum track to-night, by more than
two mile? from hi? nearest competitor.
Burns Pierce. WaJthour rode a greater
d'ptance for the hour, but was far In the
rear on the week's work. Total for the
Fix dayp;
Caldwell 200 miles 4 laps 13S yards
Pierre 198 mile* 3 lap* 8 yards
WaJthour 1M miles 2 laps 75 yards
Harry Caldwell "Wins.
Ireland ouj?ht to have been 6!sriualined,
but the referee allowed the fight to pro
ofed. Refreshed by rest. Ireland held out
until tho tenth round, by which time both
men had frequently transgressed the
rules. Ireland's seconds aprain entered ihe
ring, causing another row. The referee
<iif=qua!in>d Ireland, whereupon the lat
tor's supporters made a rush for the ref
eree, who v,as obliged to retreat hastily
LONDON. Sept. 2.— The bout at •"Won
derland," Whitechapel, London, this even-
Jnjr, between Ireland and Jack Everhardt
of New Orleans, resulted In disgraceful
scenes. The American let many chances
jiaps, but he had Ireland groggy in the
tifth round, when one of Ireland's seconds
entered the ring, causing a din that lasted
eight minutes.
tween Ireland and Everhardt.
Disgracsfui Scenes During Bout Be-
ROW AT A PRIZE-FIGHT.
Mile 8nd three-slxtper.ths, pelling— Briagfton
*on, Orlanfilne second. Orris third. Time. J:C6.
Six furlnnirs. Belling— Maggie DaMs won.
Kinflrea eecor.d. Lord Xevllle third. Time,
ST. IX)t;iS. Bept. 3.— The feature of the
raring to-day at Kinloch Park was the
I.a.bor Day handicap, at 6even furlongs.
Tuthill was made the favorite and won
the event by a nose after a terrific duel
¦with Hi Kollax in the last furlong. Sum
mary:
Six furlong*, FeHinir-McNamara won, John
Morton pecond Eva Moe third. Time, 1:19.
Fix furlonirs. celling— WinCim Bo'yer won.
S^ethlnir Becond. Honltary third. Time l-19"i
i^ix furlor.trs. selling— J. II. Harnes won. t>or-
Blice second, PonfJia third. Time, litfty.
I>abor day handicap, peven furlongs— Tuthill
won, HI Kollar second. Go Out third. Time
1:25.
Four and a ha!f furlongs, selling — Antithesis
•m-on. Glessegr second. LJream Life third. Time.
:'St t .
?!x fur!on£:s — Cherry Hrad won, Zanone sec
ond. Donna Seay third. Time. 1:13*4.
Five rurlong-B. peiiingr— Obey won. Amoroso
Feoond. Tf.ad Rainey thlr<i Time. 1:C>214.
Seven furlongs, eelllnj? — By George won. Sir
Fiorian Fecond, Jucoma third. Time, 1:27%.
t-'ix furlongs. sclllnR— Gold Lack won. Hie
away second, Tenole third. Time. 1:11%;
DETROIT, Sept. 3.— Results at Highland
Park:
Six ana a half furlongs— OcJe Brooks won;
Queen Anne second. Come Quick third. Time,
1:21.
One mile and an eighth. Felling— Windward
v.or,, Mor.k AVayman second. Beau Ideal third
Time. 1:DC.
Sevrn furlong-s. eelllr.f;— The Dauphin won,
Wilson fseoend, K-1 Roth third. Time. l:29^i.
One mil*-, eelllnisr— llartraret Hegman won,
Cotton Plant eecond, Joe Gammage third
T:r:.e, 1:42. ,
Six furlongs. Mllir.fr — M!?s Shaaley won,
Laura G G second, Joe Martin third. Time,
1 '. 16.
Five furlonjrs. eellirjr— Corder won. Master
Mariner second. Sevcy third. Time. 1:1«.
Four an<5 a half furlong* — Frequent von
Fara Gamp f^cond, Mattle Bain third. Time,
DETROIT, Sept. 3.— Results at Wind
sor:
The stakes, six furlong's — Mint Rauc
won. <;ec.-s:ie Ffcn.id, Hermoso third. Time.
Tw.i mi'.es— Stuttgart won. Fox Eard second
Our Nellie third. Time. 3:32 1-5.
<.'ne mile— John A. Morris won. The LaiSj- sec
ond. Headwater third. Time, l:40»*.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— The Devil
won. Owen.«boro second. Catastrophe third.
Time. 1:1* 2-5.
CHICAGO, Sept. S.— Scratches took
most of the interest out of the Speed
Stakes, the feature of the card at Har
lem's opening day <-f the September meet
ing. Mint Sauce rewarded his backers by
winning all by himself and eased up to a
<a:iter. . Through ail error on the part of
the track flasman. the nfth race, at two
miles, resulted in a fizzle. When Starter
Dwyer dropped his !1ap it va.« not seen
by the recall flaeman. and Leando Fox
l:ard and Sluttsaj t went ahead. The field
v.ms sent away a.paJn and the winner
proved to bo Stuttpart, who was backed
from 7 to 1 to 11 to 2. Results.
Fix furionjrs— Highland I-ad won. Abe Furst
eecand. Ilival l>arr third. Time. 1:14 2-5.
Ob« n;lle and a sixteenth— ohnet won, Poney
Boy Becood. Clay I'ointer third. Time
l:«l 2-5.
Five furlrms-?— Jrw» Trey -won. Fi'.urlan (u? - c
rr.i. Il&xry Herendecn third. Time, 1:01 1-5.
The Westlmrr Fteeplerha.se. about two and a
half niiles— Plato won. Old Tank KCOnd.
Charagraoe third. Time, 5:2S.
Mile and a sixteenth, on turf— Imp wen. In
trusive ieccr.d, MaiLiaio Gomez third. Time,
IMS 4-3.
men »<>n. Coaroy second, Kar Rockaway third.
Time, l:U 2-5.
Th.- Tv1:i City handicap, one and a quarter
rr.ile*— in.»-..-;!*rt and Jack Point ran a dead
)!•*!. KiUashandra third. Time. 1:07.
NEV." YORK. S.pt. 3.— Between 12.000
a:,d 13,009 took advantage cf the holiday
t<"> visit the Shoepshtad Bay racetrack to
day. Tho Twin «"ity handicap at a mile
and a quarter was tho feature, and It re-
BClted In a Ftirrinij struggle with a sensa
tional dead heat at the x\ire between Llth
elbett BBd Jack Poir.t. They were only a
neck before Kiila.vhandra, while the other
four starters wore only nooks apart, and
Jill so closely bunched that a length did
not separate the tlrst and last horses.
The etarter caught them in line at the
third br<ak and dropped his tlag to a good
Fir.rt. Killashandra went out to make the
running, closely attended by Kthelbert,
Jaxli. 1'i.int isjid Maxtlmas. This was the
order around tho lirht turn, but goinp up
the lack stretch Spencer took Kthelbert
back to fifth place, letting Martimas,
Jaik Point and Decanter by him. Killa-
Ehandra was two lenfiths in front. The
latter Bliowed the way to the stretch, but
only by a scant half length, as the field
all closed up, every horse looking to have
a chance. A bard drive to the wire fol
loved, Ethelbert gradually wearing down
xhf U-adors on tbe outside, while Jack
l'olnt was closing with a rush on tho rail.
Jn th« la-si jump Henry pot Jack Point up
to Kthelbert and they crossed the finish
line so oluso together that the judges
could not separate them. Killashaniira
wae only a neok away, with tne others so
closely bunched that a blanket could
have covered the lot. The linish brought
out a norm of cheers.
Longsborex&an won the Autumn stakes.
Plato won the We.stbury steeplechase
after a pretty race, and the popular idol.
Imp, galloped home in the last event with
lhe^fals« price of a to 1 freely offered.
Ki\e furlonp-s— KImbfrtey won. Henry Clay
P.V >*-cov.<i, Strategist third. Time, 1:02 1-5.
s. \ . n furlonca. selllnjr— Flueron won, Dolly
W*< tholl Bi-eund. LeedrvlUe third. Time,
The Autumn Ftakes. Elx furlong*— Longshore-
Mint Sauce Has Things All His Own
Way and Takes the Speed
Stakes in a Walk at
Chicago.
Eriielbert and Jack Point
Neck and Neck in Twin
City Handicap.
SENSATIONAL
DEAD HEAT AT
SHEEPSHEAD BAY
Kunnini?. mile and an eighth— OruFin Letty
won. Zetcr-a second, Czarowltch third. Time
2.-C6*.
Running, five furlones, heats, purse $f>nc —
Giftie won the second and third h*at« in l:07&
1:06. Sltgo w-n the first heat In 1:06. Lochlel.
Sherburcie. SlarMe Beck, Faraganl and St.
Fn. ncls also ran.
2:45 pace, purse 11000— Tod Williams won
three ."-traisht heats !n 2:1«, ::14H. 2:14. f'ar
netta. 1'lum I-lne, Dacy, Annia MoAffee, Dora,
1><-Ii,lia and International also started.
2:10 trot, purse H0CO— B R P won three
straiKht heats in 2:12 1 >i, 2:13'i, 2:16. Cutting.
Dr. Pitzer and Jos^nhir.e Dixon also started.
The second and third heats of the 2:4.1
pace were hotly contested by Tod Wil
liams ar.J fiarnetta, these two finishing
noses apart in both hoa.ts. Summary:
ST. PAUL. Sept. 3— The "Western Cir
cuit races opened at li.'.mlir.e to-day with
brilliant weathe^ and track in fine con
dition. In tho 2:10 trot Dr. Pitzer and Jo
sephine Dixon, of whom much was ex
pected, broke badly in the first heat and
were distanced.
2:< ! S pace, purse $120^ Free Bond
wr.n the first heat in 2:0SV Harry O won the
fcfli heat in 2:07V A . Bonnie Direct. Choral,
Bellwood A, Bob FltzFlmmons. Dan O. Sid
ney Pointer and ilazotto also started.
1:15 trot. Charter Oak ;>urs" i . JlO.iXKl — Georgena
won second, third and fourth 'heats in 2:07^,
2:f!'ji^, 2:10U. Alameda won the first heat in
iW£- I*ird Derby, Nell Gwynn. Ivandorf.
Joe Watts. NiKrer Jack. Lady Geraldine. York
Boy. Hustler, Maggie Anderson and Temple
Wilket; clso started.
i':fiS trot, purse ?l?">0— Grattan r?ny vrnn throe
rtralghl heats In -Ml. 2:09k, 2:0^. Lord
Vincent and John Nolan also started.
2:3'i pace, purse $2<W — Midway won the third,
fourth and (ifth heats in 2:12^. 2:14^. 2:14>*.
Sallie Hock Won tho first heat in 2:05^,. Evo
lute won the F?o«n<l heat in 2:10'i. Annie
Thornton, l^idy Allrigrht. Ituma, Tommy \V,
Heauty Slot, I'. H. Flynn and Orin B also
started.
The 2:0S pace was unfinished. Free Bond
and Harry O each taking a heat. Sum
mary:
In the sei-ond heat John Xolan "knocked
over" at the turn in a break and one of
the bones in his fetlovk was broken. He
will probably be Injured permanently and
be retired. Nolan \va= sold by J. H. llu
binRer tiiis season to O. T. Kent of Cleve
land for $10,000 and 'has been campaigned
by Poote, who has driven him for three
seasons, winning the Charter Oak stake
in 1S;:$. His best time is 2:08 flat.
The 2:«JS trot brought out Arion. Lord
Vincent; John Nolan and Grattan Boy.
The conditions of tlii* race were peculiar,
each heat being considered a race for
one-third of the money dividing and the
horses drawing for u<»w positions each
heat. Grattan Boy t«-ok all three heau
and his share of the tuoney was $&0.
The 2:1<» pare was* won by Midway, a
rank outsider, Evoluto and Sallie Hook
being on equal terms in the speculation,
the other horses Belllnx Jit nominal fig
ures. Midway, after having finished sev
enth arid ninth in tho first two heats, took
the raoe in the three following.
HARTFORD. Conn., Sept. 3.-The
Grand Circuit meeting at Charter Oak
Park opened to-day with an attendance
of over S000 and available space. The
Charter Oak pur?p of ?10,000 was won by
Gcorgena. Lord Derby, the favorite, hav
ing- to be content with third place, al
though he pushed the mare to 2:07Vi In
the second heat. Alameda was a good sec
ond, showing staying: powers and speed,
ai'«l won the first heat with ease.
Midway, a Sank Outsider, Wins the
2:10 Pacte Over Evolute and
Sandy Hook at Hart
ford.
Lord Derby, the Favorite,
Is Relegated to Third
Place.
CHARTER OAK
PURSE ANNEXED
BY GEORGENA
NEW YORK. Sept 3.-The two games be
tween the New Yorka and the Cincinnatis this
afternoon resulted in an even break. The first
game the New Yorks had practically won. but
became careless. Cincinnati winning In the
ninth by batting Carrtck for six runs. The
New Yorks won the second game by timely
hitting In the third Inning. Score, first game:
Clubs— r. H . E .
Cincinnati 15 jo 2
New York , 4 C »
Batteries— Breltenstetn and Kahoe; Carrick
and Grady. Umpire— Snyder. Attendance. tJ.OOft
Score, second game:
Clubs — R H' E
Cincinnati 6 9 5
New York \\ 13 2
Batteries— Newton and Kahoe; Mercer and
Bowerman. Umpire— Snyder. Attendance. 12,-
BOSTOX, Sept. 3.— In to-day's first game,
with two on bases In the ninth Inning, Wagner
knocked the ball over the left-field fence for a
home run. Attendance. 30CO. Score:
Clubs — R. H E
Pittsburg g i{ j
Boston 7 12 3
Batteries— Willis and W. Clarke; Leever ard
O'Connor. Umpire — O'Day.
All pitchers looked alike to Plttsbure this
afternoon. Attendance, 5500. Score:
ClUbS— , o n p
Boston 1 T E ;
Plttsbur* \" u 17 I
Batteries— Cuppy, Lewis and Sullivan; Wad
dell and Zimmer. Umpire — O'Day. ¦ ¦"- ,-~
St. Louis 2 8 3
Philadelphia ID 15 0
Batteries— Hughey and Robinson; Fraser and
McFarland. Umpire— Emslie.
In the sixth - inning of the afternoon game
twelve of the locals batted and seven hits were
made off Jones, a triple, three doubles and
three singles, netting seven runs. After that
St. Louis did not have a cahnce to win. At
tendance 6S0O. Score:
Clubs— r. H. E
St. Louis 4 9 1
Philadelphia io 14 3
Batteries— Jones and Robinson; Orth and Mc-
Farland. Umpire — Emslie.
The Brooklyns won the afternoon game by
hard batting and by taking: advantage of the
mtsplays of the Chlcagos. Attendance, 50C0.
Score:
Clubs— • R- H. E.
Chicago 7 9 5
Brooklyn 10 11 3
Batterlen — Callahan and Chance; Kltson and
Farrell. Umpire— Hurst.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 3. — The . morning
game between St. Louis and Philadelphia was
won by the locals with comparative ease.
Fraser was a puzzle to the visitors, who failed
to hit eafely until the sixth inning. On the
other hand Philadelphia batted Hughey at will
and also ran the bases well. Attendance, 2S00.
Score:
Clubs — R. IT. E.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 3.— Two bases on balls by
Griffith and hits $y Kelly, Dahlen and Mc-
Guire. together with an out. gave Brooklyn a
winning lead this morning In the first Inning,
which they improved upon later and won. At
tendance. *2S0a Score:
Clubs— H- H. E.
Chicago 5 12 2
Brooklyn 9 13 2
Batteries — Griffith and Donahue; Kennedy
and McGuire. Umpire— Hurst.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 64 39 .«21 Chicago 52 55 .4Sfi
Pittsburp B8 43 .542 Cincinnati ....'0 58 .472
Philadelphia 54 51 .514 1 St. Louis 4S f.S .4«2
Boston 52 53 .490 i New York 42 62 .404
Quaker City Nine Also Has an Easy
Day With the Men From
St. Louis.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
BROOKLYN TAKES
TWO STRAIGHT GAMES
Runs responsible for — Farrow 5. Thre» bas<
hits— Arrellares. Rice. Two base hita— Eaeran
Mclaughlin. Sacrifice hit— Mangerina. Firs
ba«;e on errors— Oakland 3. Sacramento 1. Firs
base on cp.lled balls— Oakland 4. Sacramento 4
Left on bases — Oakland 5*. Sacramento 7. Strucl
out — By Doyle 1, by Farrow 2. Double play-
Doyle to Stultz to Hanlon. Time of frame
1:JO. Umpire— O'Connell. Official scorer— J
W. Stapleton.
•
SUMMARY
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
MoLauKhlia. If 5 0 3 ft * 0 0
Devereaux. 3b 4 1 ft O 2 1 1
Eai?an. ss 5 2 3 2 2 8 2
Hughes, ct 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Hanion, lb 4 0 2 1 14 n 1
Stanley, c 7, 0 0 0 2 0 ft
IJ>oyle. p 4 1 0 0 0 4 0
Stultz, 2b 3 1 2 ft 1 2 0
R!ce, rf 4 1 1 0 0 n 0
Totals 3S 6 12 3 27 13 4
OAKLAND.
AB. R. EH. SB. r>O. A. E.
Drennan, ct 5 0 0 « 3 0 0
Hutchlnson. lb 3 0 1 t> 3 ft 1
Francks. ss 3 1 ft ft 1 T 0
Arrellancs. 2b 4 0 2 0 3 2 «
Msr.gtrina. c 4 ft o o 3 1 0
Held, rf 4^10300
Bowman. If 3 0 0 0 10 0
Kar.e, 2b 3 0 ft n 2 ft 1
Farrow, p 3 1 0 0 2 3 0
Moskiir.an 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 33 2 4 0 27 13 2
RUNS AND HITS DY INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 0 0 3 1 0 1 0 0—6
Base hits 2 ft 0 4 2 1 2 1 0—12
Oakland 1 0100000ft— 2
Ease hits 1 0100100 1—4
SACRAMENTO.
Sacramento 6, Oakland 2.
"They began the struggle with errors,
but later on they redeemed themselves
and by the force of their 'swinging arms
turned black defeat into glowing victory."
Sacramento committed four distinct
breaches of baseball propriety yesterday
afternoon at Recreation Park, two of
which gave the Dudes their only runs and
the lead for a moment or two. Then the
Statesmen fell to and made a show of
Farrow, Ewing's latest In curve dispens
ers. A clean dozen of hits, most of them
served in large packages, were responsible
for the Senatorial victory. Doyle was
a stranger to the Dudes, who unraveled
his delivery but four times.
The game was devoid of excitement,
althougn there were a couple of startling
plays mat brought the hands of fanatics
together and their feet hard upon thetloor.
A one-handed catch by Mclaughlin near
the left lield fence was the preuiest piece
ot out-rield work this season has so far
produced and it was a valuable catch too.
Two Dudes were on the sacks at the time
and the hit would have been a double
were it not eaten up by Mclaughlin.
Francks was the other medal earner, his
stopping of bristling grounders being a
feature of the piay.
Sacramento began to solve Mr. Farrow
at the outset. A single by Dt-vereaux, a
double by Hughes and an error by Kane,
who played third for the Dudes, were all
Instrumental In sending the "Reddog'"
over the plate. The score did not remain
in Sacramento's favor very long, for in
the same Inning Francks glided to first on
Kagan's error and did the run act when
Arrellanes became bold enough for a
three-sack swat. The third inning prom
ised a cyclone of runs for the Dudes, but
ended with a single stroke of the bell.
Farrow, Hutchlnson ami Francks were
ornamenting the bags when Arrellanes
came to the plate. Three murderous cut?
at the air w r ere all he achieved. Soon after
this Francks becamo gay at first and
would have died, but Hanlon allowed the
ball to run through him. so Farrow
scored.
The fourth was all the champions want
ed. Doyle and Stultz. who went to the
sacks on hits, scored on Rice's three
bagger. Rice crossed the rubber on Mc-
Laughlin's sinrrle. That was all Sacra
mento needed to win the game, but in tho
fifth and seventh Farrow was so kind and
easy that two other runs were added to
the list. The score:
Doyle Proved an Enigma to the TJn
lucky Dudes, Who Found His
Curves Only Four
Times.
Nothing in His Curves That
Puzzled SacrameDto
Batsmen.
FURROW WAS AN
EASY MARK FOR
THE CHAMPIONS
TTmnderstorm at Visalla-
VTSALIA. Sfpt. 3.— A thunderstorm
broke over Visalia to-day at davbrtfak.
The lightning was brilliant. Durin? tho
day six-hundredths of an Inch of rain
fell. The damace to fruit Is slicht.
Eheep Slaughtering Contest
INDIAXAPOI.1S. Inrt., Sept. 3.— At a
sheep slautchterinK and drfssinfr exhibi
tion here to-day Charles J. Gardner nf
Indianapolis broke the world's record. Tn
1S3S he killed nr.d dressed ten sheep In S2 k
minutes !> seconds. This made him th^ ¦
world's champion. To-day he killed anlf
dressed ten sheep in 30 m'.nutes 22 seconds.
-.
Stanislaus Countv Fair
MODESTO. Sept. 3.— The Stanislaus
County Agricultural Fa'r and races will
he heM at Modesto on October 11 ami 12.
Good races and exhibits are promised.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3.— At the Vailsbursr
(N. J.) bicycle track to-day the chief
event tvas the quarter-mile dash for the
championship of America. It braucrht out
a clever lot of sprinters. Summary:
Qrarter mile championship — llajor Taylor
won. Trank Kramer second, J. T. Fisher third.
Time :23.
Five mile rrofesslonal handicap — O. H. Col
lott (130 yards) won. Charles Hadfleld I2M
varcls) second, I>iu Coburn <30O yartls) third.
Otto Maya. Erie, Pa. (200 yards) fourth.
Time 11:13 2-3.
Contest for the Quarter-Mile Cham
v pionship of America.
MAJOR TA"SXOR "WTNS.
Wednesday stake — W. Crarnpr's Onward V*
Curtis & Son's War Easrlo; r>. Tolar.d'9 Vlcas
ant CJtrl vs. J. Patten's Palm Flower; Pash.»
Kennels' lioyal Anne vs. D. union's ivw
Drop; Curtis & Son's Anchor vs. Russell. Allen
&. Wilson's Rosie Clalr: R. K. d*> H. I^ocez "3
Crawford I.ad vs. li. 1^. Taylor's Beauty Spot;
F. A. McCoanb'n I-ittle Sister vs. T. W. Bar
tel'3 Mae'.* Melody; W. C. Glasson'a Sleign
Bells vs. 91 Punlea's Erin; II. Lynch's Lex
ington vs. Captain Cane's Master Davenport;
T. J. Cronir.H Thr.rnhitl vs. Sterl & Knuwles*
CVHara; Curt's & Son's McKlnley Y* E.
Geary's America; Russell. Allen <fc "Wilson" -t
Victor Hoy vs. T. J. Molnemey's Jnhnnli" R;
W. C. Classen's Santonin vs. P. A. McOomb'a
Patriot: J. P. Thrtft's Krutu3 vs. D. Dillon's
Euro-a: R. E. fie B. I^npez & Son's Sara *»
i'a=ha Kennels' Random Aim: J. Byrnes' r.at
tle^hlp vs. Oeorse s^harman'3 Bowery Roy;
!-. F. Bartels' Rest Harsjain vs. E. M. Kel
lotrsc'a Iowa Boy; L. F. Kartell' B»-er Brewer
vs. I*. F. iiartels' Temple; H. A. Deckelman'3
Lawrenoe vs. J. P. Thrift's Forxet; Panh*
Kennels' Rn-.-,rriIr:sr Angel vs. Ru.-seU, Allen
A Wilson's Jielle Clalr; Curtis & icon's War
path vs. Fa.'lia Kennrls' Reckless An/her;
Sterl & KltOWlMC Olita vs. T. J. Melnerney'a
Tommy Res: Connel Bros.* St. Hel»n vs. J.
R. Smith's Jennie Wilson: S. Handy's Twin
City Girl vs. J. Maher's Swedish: J. J. Ken
ny's Hot Haste vs. K. E. do B. Lopez &
Son's Minne Wa Wa; Pasha Kennels" May
Hempstead vs. Pasha Kf-nnels* Risky Attempt:
J. T. McCarthy's John Poe vs. Curtis & Son's
Cavalier; P. J. Reilly's Plough Boy vs. J. R.
Smith's Victor Quf-en; E. M. Kellojfg's Ladv
Gilmore vs. Sterl & Knr.wles' Sleety Mist; J.
R. Smith's Victor vs. I>. Toland's Twilight
Jr : F. A. McComh's Motto vs. «. W. H<»lntz's
Hith Jinks; E. M. KellOKS's Iowa ilal<t T«.
B, A. Johnson's Mountain £5eauty: H. A.
Deekeiman's Snapshot vs. J. L. Ross' J L R.
Thursday stake— James Hurley's Shylcck Bov
vs. J. I,. Ross- Wild Wave: H. Lynoh's tavnni
vs. H. Lynch's Claihorne: I,. F. Bart0&r Ban
ner Bright vs. T. Cooney's Mntlcsty: J. Dean *
Gallant vs. G*>orsre Sharman's Bonaparte; J.
Xeenan's Blacklook vs. H. Lynch's Lilacs; R.
E. <Te B. Lopez & Son's Diablo vs. Curtis &
Sor.'s Ro«lrante: J. Keenan's Mira Mont* vs.
Stnrl & Knowles' Rusty Gold: D Dillon's Chal
lens-rr vs. Pa.«ha Kennels' Roman Athlete; T.
J. Cronln's Terrv McGovern vs. J. J. Edmonds'
"Whisky Hill: Captain Clarkson's Flower of
OoM v«t. Curtis & p.in's Vanity Fair: Pasha
Kennels' Roun-1 About vs. R. E. de P. txioez
& Son's Swoetr.eps; Maher & Reid's Bad Bov
vs. R. E. de R Lopez & Son's Dair> MaM :
P. McCabe's Fair I.!!y vs. J. P. Thrift's i.!t.
Michael: P. UeCabe's r.on.-y Foy vs. Captain
Canes Rose of Anlen; J. .1. Elmonda' Go On
vs. Lande & Gerber'a Mount Ida; W. C Had
i°r's Alameaa Lad vs. Curtis & Son's Ol I
tilory: A. Johnson's Bald Ea?le vs. J. O'Dow<r.»
Shootover: J. M. iJalton's Tie Tar vs. J. COlo'9
Mirabilla: J. Huriev's O K Capitol vs. TV. C.
Hadirer'a Alameda Lass; Erwin & Lyon's Sil
ter Wirsrs vs Russell. Allen Sc A\'ll?on's Mis«-
Wilson: Lande & Gerber's Rlenzl vs. A«nt-I.l
Kennels' Aeneas; Rumen. Allen & Wll-on'-s
Lady Emma **. F. C. Mack's Delia M. I'.
McCabe'3 Craig Hoy vs. Aenet 1 Kennels'
Athera: J. McXell's TAxrk TIawk vs. P. Mc-
Cabe's Sky Blue; J. H. W. Mnller's Cruiser vs.
H. H. Gray's Bannrn-kburn : J. Resan's Bart's
RM1 vs. \V. Cramer's Jesse Moore: J. Mc-
Neil's Captain Byrnes vs. J. J. Kvnaty"*
A'inrlnz Lassie; J. L. Res?' >ss!ca vs. J. V.
Thrift's Tyrone Prince; H. Lyn-h's Lyddltf v».
H. H. Gray's Commander: S. M. Porter's Bello
of Lindsay vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson'a Miss
All«>n: F. A. MoCorab's Stnrm King- vs. J.
Maher's Emma M: J. Carrol's Erin's Hope vs.
L. F. Bartels* Earon Blocd. -
The Union Coursintr Park Assoelatlnn
win promote two midweek stake* thi*
week, one on Wednesday anil the other
on Thursday. They will be each of sixty
four entries. On account of the Futurity
stake, which will be run on Saturday anl
Sunday, the association decit?e<J to hnM
a oouble midweek bill to provide for grey
hounds barred from the classic intake, a n«
draw for both Uays was held last niffht
at Pythian Cattle and resulted as follow?:
Wednesday and Thursday Meeting
This Week Because of the Great
Futurity to Be Bun on
Saturday.
Union Coursing Park Asso
ciation Arranges Two
Events.
SPEEDY HOUNDS
IN TWO MIDWEEK
RESERVE STAKES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1900.
Splendid Racing Marks the Opening Day of the
Meet at the Saeramento State Fair.
EULAH Mc IS VICTORIOUS
IN OCCIDENT STAKE RACE
THE WINNER OF THE OCCIDENT STAKE RACE AT THE STATE FAIR.
HARTFORD. Conn., Sept. 3.— In the vel
odrome races this afternon a six-hour
race, one hour each day, was started. The
men will ride every evening this week.
The result to-day was: Pierce, 33 miles
1 2-3 laps; Caldwell. 33 miles 2-3 lap; C. W.
Miller, 32 miles 2 2-3 laps.
Trains Running- on Santa Fe Tracks.
STOCKTON, Sept. .3.— Trains commenc
ed running over the Santa Fe tracks to
day. Repairs have been:' made "to the
brtdgro over Old River,' this county.
Pierce Leads.
INDIANAPOLIS. Sept. 3.— Morning: tenme-:
Indianapolis. 3; Kansas City, L Afternoon
game: Indianapolis, 2; Kansas City, 1.
CHICAGO. Sept 3.— First game: Chicago, 6:
Detroit,' 7. Second game: Chicago, 0; De
troit. 2.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 3.— Cleveland, 0; Mil
waukee, 1.
American League Games.
Result of a Sail Game at Hontague
and Division of the Prize.
GAZELLE, Sept. 3.— Unusual interest
attached to the ball game played yester
day at Montague between the Little Shas-
PLAY FOR $1000 STAKE.
•???????????????????©
+ "Valda," the sensational -i
+ Btory of court life at Peking, ""
+ begins in next Sunday's Call,
X September 9. 4.
...--,¦ 4-
Lynch Wins Scull Eace.
HALIFAX. X. S.. Sept. 3.— The single
scull race on the Bedford Basin to-day
between Mark Lynch of Halifax, James
E. Ten Eyek of Worcester, Harry Vail of
6t. John, N. B.. and James Norris of Hal
ifax for a purse was won by Lynch In
22:30. The water was rough. Ten Eyck
led for 100 yards, when he was passed by
Lynch, who turned first in 10:50. with Ten
Eyck second and Vail third. These posi
tions continued to the finish. Lynch won
by two lengths.
"Whereas, Bicycle racing has degener
ated to a contest of legislation, and Is no
longer considered by us as sport worthy
of the support of the Bay City Wheelmen,
and feeling that the energy devoted to this,
purpose can be better expended for the so
cial and fraternal advancement of the
club and the encouragement of touring
and club runs, and after months of careful
consideration, it has been resolved that
This is the resolution which- carried the
Bay City men out of the State association
and declares the Intention of the club to
abandon all lnterclub racing In the future.
The reasons are contained In the resolu
tion, which reads as follows: •¦"
By a sweeping resolution the Bay Cltv
Wheelmen at their annual meeting last
night unanimously resolvfed to cut Inter
club racing out of the scheme of theli
future actions. No longer will the wear
ers of the Maltese cross appear as a team
representing: the club which during the
last sixteen years has been among tht,
leading cycling organizations on the Pa
cific Coast. Besides this, the club has re
signed from the California Associated Cy
clers.
4
"Dr. Pierce's medicine has donewondsrs for
my two sons," writes Mr*. M. Hartrick. of
Dernster. Oswego Co.. N. Y. "Both hail scrofula.
I have lost two daughters in lesa than five year*
with consumption and scrofula. My eldest son
was taken two or three years ago -with hemor-
rhage from the lungs. It troubled him for over
a year. He took Dr. Pieree's Golden Micical
Discovery, and has not had one in over a >' c /* r i
My youngat son had scrofulous sores on hi »
neck; but has not had any since he cocinicnc^r
to take your medicine."
Use Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets fcr
the bowels and liver.
And bring children into the world to suf-
fer from an inherited blood taint? People
do not realize that foul blood may lurk
under a fair skin, and that the fire smold-
ering in the blood of the parent may
break into flame in the flesh of the child.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
puts out the smoldering fires of scrofnla.
It cleanses the blood from disease taints,
strengthens the weak lungs, heals the
diseased stomach.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
01p! jjlj I':
Bey lo i I"Valda," the sensational ?
story of court life at Peking, ?
begins in next Sunday's Call, • ~t
September 9. +
The body of an unknown man was re
covered from the bay a short distance
off Fishermen's wharf at the foot of
Union street last evening. It was seen
floating by four boys who reside in the
neighborhood. The drowned man was
about 45 years ot age. He wore a dark
suit of clothes and patent leather lace
shoes. It Is thought the body may be
that of a man who fell from the deck of
a French steamer about a week ago.
Body Recovered From Bay.
Musicale at Plymouth Church.
A mnsJrale will be given under the aus
pices of the Plymouth Indies* Union in
the Plymouth Church parlors, on Post
street this evening The programme will
include selections by the Knickerbocker
Quartet, romnowd of Herbert WIMiams
Dr. R. \V. Smith. D. P. Crane and LA
I^irpcn: alto solo. Mips M. H. Smith-'
barytone solo. Homer Henley; readlnir'
Miss Klizabeth Bartlett; violin solo Mi«s'
IJelle Rosenthal; soprano polo. Miss Mil
lie Flynn. and humorous selections by W
J. Ilyncs.
The history section of the educational
department of the California Club met
yesterday in its rooms in the Y. M. C. A.
building. The subject for this year's con
sideration is- "The Netherlands." and the
full class, numbering about twenty-five
ladies, was present. The study was con
ducted by Mrs. Lenegah. To-day the club
will be^in its work for the year and the
reports for the tasks laid out will be pre
sented. The meeting will be private.
California Club's Work.
Donations for August Show Unabated
Interest in Efforts to Fill
Military Bookshelves.
The efforts of the Manila Library Com
mittee to brighten the lives of the sol
diers in the Philippines are meeting with
a success very gratifying to all con
cerned. During the last month there has
been donated to the committee 134 behind
book?, £35 paper-covered books, 30S0 maga
zines and 47.11 papers. Besides these four
teen boxes have been received containing
4S8 bound books. 4«"2 paper books, 2427
magazines and 4037 papers. Twenty-four
boxes . have been forwarded to Guam.
Negros and Samar; to the cities of Hollo
and Taku and to the San Tomas Military
Hospital. Small libraries will also be
sent down to the transports.
To the following named the committee
desires to express its thanks for their
kind donations: .
Miss C. E. Cooper, Mrs. TV. R. Parnoll Thf
Call. . Dixon Red Cross. Miss Rowe, A. L. Mc-
Leod. the Argonaut. Mrs. Robert Mackenzie
the Wave. Mesrtam«s Charles \v. Slack, i'
Lowenberg. Buckwall and A. Marvin: Miss F
Reid, Dunham. Carrlgan. Hayden Companv*
Roos Bros., Mechanics' Library, H. S. Crocker
Company. Mrs. Howard Calt, White House
Mrs. Jones, Frank Miller. Lowenbers & Co '
San Diego Red Cross, Mrs. H. H. Bancroft'
Mrs. Flndley, Redlands Red Cross, Friendly
Club. Emanu-El Sisterhood.
LIBERALLY CONTRIBUTE
FOR SOLDIERS' LIBRARY
Mrs. Mary Wilson, a widow living at
S<3 Mission street, met with an unfortu
nate accident -yesterday afternoon. She
was crowing ttte street near her residence
when a runaway team atl ached to a
plumber's wagon collided with a truck
close to her. Whllo *"ndea,voring to get
out «>f the way she foil and fractured her
lt-ft thigh. She was tnken to the Receiv
ing Hospital. The injured woman has
three young daughters and a son
Injured by a Runaway.
American and bear flags, bunting,
shields, festooning and 50,000 rolls of red,
white, blue and orange crepe paper, cut in
strips four inches wide for ribbon effect in
decorating, at Panborn & Vail's, 741 M.nr
ket street. •
Everybody Is Decorating.
SALT LAKE. Sept. Z.— The Republican
State Convention will be called to order
lit Provo, Utah, to-morrow for the nomi
nation cf a, full State ticket and a mem
ber cf the House of Representatives. The
Day at Provo.
State Convention Will Be Held To-
UTAH REPUBLICANS.
After rroess the committees submitted
?lu!r differ'Tit reports. Hon. Barclay
Henley of Han Francisco was introduced
and made a Ftirrinjr address. He dealt
v.-ith the issues of the day and was ac
corded a. good rnarinp. The regular busi
r.rss of the convention was then proceed
ed v.-Jth, the result b^lr.g as above stated.
«.
The convention was hold In this city at
BjrtngtOD Hall. There was a large at
tendance of visitors and delegates:. The
oonvcstioB K25 called to order at 11
o'clock by the Hon. W. F. Cowan, vice
« hairman of th<> County Central Commit
tee. W. P. Wines was elected chairman,
A. F. Dorrlne secretary and E. E. Drees
si-si start tecretary. After the announce
ment of commiitf-ef-, tho convention ad
journed ti!I 1 oVIock.
Th<» foregcir.g Jiomir.atior-s were made
to-day by thp Democratic convention of
Sonoma County.
For Supervisors— First E>:strlct, Blair
Jiart. I^keville; Third restrict, \V. D.
Reynolds, Fanta Rosi: Fifth District,
Frank P. Glynn. 'Occidental.
PANTA KOSA. Srpt. .".—For Assembly
man—SiXtff nth District. J. D. Connolly.
Occidental: Seventeenth District, William
F. Covao <renominatfd>.
Nominees of the Convention Held at
Santa Rosa. „>
S01WZ1A. DEMOCRATS.
<~AT.T,t-FTr:O WINDOW AXD HIRUOn
POLISHERfc. Tfcoy are oasier to use than read
about. Ui?s>ens«» with sloppy buckets, soap
anJ HponcH for your windows, mirrors and
martlw. You b<><? through glass darkly with
out CAUXSTHO. Xo store's stock complete
ence. At the conclusion of the ureai
scene a pyrotechnic display surpassing in
splendor any similar exhibition ever wit
nessed In this city held the crowd almost
spellbound. 1
The closing scene of the battle was a
succession of explosions and a complete
destruction of the Spanish blockhouses.
The activity at that moment gave an idea
of the many "soldiers" necessary to run
the performance. No less than 300 persons
were in evidence during the thick of the
light. From the beginning of the main at
tack to the surrender of the enemy it wai
one prolonged scene of combined attacks
and hand-to-hand combat on the hill I
While preparations for the fireworks were
going on the audience was treated to a
number of clever turns by a host of tum
blers, balancers, bar performers and acro
bats. The electric lights were then turned
oft to heighten the effect of the display.
Large balloons were set free carrying
magnesium lights, which illuminated the
grounds and finished with a string of con
stantly changing colors floating off into
space.. Great bombs bursting with floods
of stars of all colors, golden fountains
chains of electric flames and a rapid suc
cession of pyrotechnic novelties formed a
pleasing feature. From the Initial fire un
til the close of the beautiful display not
a second passed without some inspiring
innovation in the exhibition. The finale,
a shower of nilver streams representing
Niagara Falls, shedd a blaze of light about
the big inclosure.
Pain's ''Battle of San Juan'' and
Novel Fireworks Please a
Large Audience.
The second exhibition of Pain's Brand
military production "The Battle of San
Juan" was given last night at Sixteenth
.and Folsom streets before a large audi-
PYROTECHNIC DISPLAY
PROVES A SUCCESS
The autumnal meeting of the San Fran
cisco Association of Congregational
Churches and Ministers will be held in
"the Eighth Church." which is located at
Ocean View, on Thursday next. The fol
lowing programme ha.s been arranged and
will be followed at the afternoon and
evening sessions- :
2:30 p- m. — Call to order and election of mod
erator ami scribe; prayer by the moderator;
i>ii(1ir_i; roir.utfs; business.
J:CO •/. in.— De\ utional service, led by Rev.
IV. C. Pond, during which the reports of th;;
churches ai-f- to be given by delegates as called
for bv leader.
3:50 p. m. — Address by Hev. William Rader —
•¦CoiiKresatioiialism in Kngland."
4:29 p. m.— Our San Francisco association
anl home missions; discussion opened by
fiftren-minute addrrss by Rev. James K. Har
rison — "How It Seems to Our State Superin
tendent."
5:03 p. m. — The "Capen Plan" carefully con
sidered; discussion opened by tlfteen-mlnute
address by Rev. George C. Adams.
5:43 d. m.— Recess.
6:00 p. m. — Supper. 6:30 p. m. — Table talks.
Rev. W. E. M. Stewart presiding.
7:15 p. m. — Heading minutes and closing
business.
7:30 p. m.— Prayer and song, the moderator.
Eveninr topic, "The Church and the Com
munity."
7:40 p. m. — "The Worth of the Church to Its
Community," Rev. Joserh Rowell.
8:00 p. m.— "How Can the Church Effectually
Send Its Light Through the Community?" Rev.
John Phillies.
8:20 p. m. — "A Regrenerata Membership Ks
sential to Success." Rev. W. E. M. Stewart.
8:40 r>. m. — "Individuals Truly Converted thf
Only Safe Basis for All Reforms," Rev. Miles
B. fisher.
9:oo s. m.— General discussion of the above
topic in all its parts. Adjournment.
and Ministers to Be Held at
Ocean View.
Autumnal Session of the Churches
CONGREGATIONAUSTS TO
HOLD A BIG MEETING
McLougtUln, R. A. Somors and John
Dur.r., ihroe of his teamster?, and asked
th<"m if they belonged to the new union.
The- mon replied in the affirmative ain!
were told to seek work elsewhere. Yester
day morning the news of the late of the
men was discussed by the teamsters and
every employe of McNab & Smith, union or
non-union, new union or any old union, to
the number of l'X\ laid down their curry
combs i;r»d brushes an-J walked out of
tlv_* lj:'rn. Yesterday afternoon groups
s^tood at the corner of Brannan and Sev
enth tnieetP and awaited the result of an
interview between the union committee
and John Sullivan, Al. Sader and James
McNab.
In half an hcur it camo. The new union
had won the battle, and to-day heavy
trucks wiil rumble ir. the business section
as of yore.
Th« c.-ius-e leading up to the discharge
of the tiiiee men is admitted by McNab
to have luin in the fact that ho had been
requited, as the largest drayowner in
the city, to break the back of the new
brotherhood, in order that :m organization
known as the Draymen's Union and com
posed of bosses and men mi^ht regain
the prestige it had before the birth of the
new brotherhood, whose membership is
confined to teamsters. The infant union
shows every indication of being a lusty
youngster and its growth in % membership
frightened the city rlrnyowners, -who
feared a demand for increased pay. Mc-
Nab. however, asserts that a rival dray
iv.s; firm offered the new union a bonus of
SitH if it could succeed in boycotting Mc-
Nab & Smith In the labor market. This
the men also admit.
After the consultation yesterday after
noon McNab informed the strikers that
the three discharged men would be re
instated. The men all through the affair
have behaved quietly and claim that every
teamster in the city would have stood by
them had the men not been put back to
work.
TEAMSTERS' BROTHERHOOD
WINS ITS FIRST FIGHT
Truck-Drivers of McNab & Smith
All Quit Because Three Fellow
Employes Are Discharged.
There was a strike which lived some
twelve hours among th« truck-drivers yes
terday, which at one time threatened to
involve all the drayowners in the city
On Friday lust McXab & Smith, the big
draying lirm. called a meeting of their
employe? and told them that they
must either quit the tfrm or with
draw from a new union, known as
the Brotherhood of Teamster?, which the
truck-drivers of the city had formed
fur mutual protection. On Sunday morn
intr James McN'^b ar>nri>acht-d Edward
other business affairs. His sturdy figure
is still straight.
The man who received the nomination
for State Senator is Hilliard E. Welch,
also a Lodi man. by a strangecoincidence.
He is young and tall and promises to
make a hot fight for the place against
August E. Muenter.-Uhe Republican nomi
nee. Mr. Welch has not been in politics
long, but has moved along lively. Three
years ago he graduted from the Lodi High
School, and has since filled the position
of bookkeeper for a local merchandising
firm. His rise in politics has surprised his
friends. He attended the convention in
tending to capture the chairmanship of
the County Central Committee, but was
headed off by Stockton politicians and
given the nomination for State Senator
Some allege that it was a "Job" and that
the nomination was handed out as a gold
brick. However. Mr. Welch Is in the fight
with the determination to stay, though
admittedly heavily handicapped. Muenter
has had one term in the Assembly and
has years, experience and wealth behind
him. The local man has none of these
It is doubtful if a man of Welch's years—
26— has ever received such an Important
nomination in the history of California
politics. He Is a native of Shasta County,
but has resided here for a number of
years. The young aspirant is popular.
Special Dl5?atch to The Call.
LODI, Sept. 3. — The passing from pub
lic life of State Senator B. F.
Langford, the father of the upper
house, came somewhat as a sur
prise to this section of the State.
For nearly a quarter of a century the
farmer-politician has served the Demo
cratic party in California, and for twenty
years he has gone up from this district
to succeed himself in the Senate.
The end came Saturday at the Demo
cratic County Convention at Stockton, as
announced in The Call. Senator Lang
ford was there, but it was his wish that
his name be withheld from nomination.
He had no desire to run again,
and beyond speeches of thanks for his
services in the past decade, but little stir
was made over his retirement to private
life. Langford is now serving his twenty
first year as a Senator. That he has al
ways succeeded himself in a Republican
district speaks highly of his standing
among voters of all parties.
Senator Langford lives in the midst of
one of the largest colony orchards in the
United States, and h!s' home is a model
of beauty and comfort, though he him
self is always a plain kindly farmer, out
side of the legislative sesr-lons. Since 1S52
he has resided near Lodi. locating- long
before the town was dreamed of. He was
born in Smith County, Tennes?e, in 1829.
and came to California in lS5o, by way of
the isthmus. He mined at Douglas Flat.
Murphy's Camp, Poverty Bar and other
place?;" teamed; did a merchandising busi
ness and fought Indians, and bears the
sc:\rs yet of wounds received in battle
with the Reds.
Years ago he foresaw that this would
eventually prove one of the chief fruit
growing centers of the State, and at once
laid out a great colony plan, being the
first large farmer in the county to cut up
his farm into small tracts. The plan was
more than successful, as to-day several
thousand acres of his once famous wheat
land is orchards and vineyards. This
tract is now famous as the "Langford
Colony," the Senator's home being located
in the midst of what hap always been
termed tho largest almond orchard in the
1'nited State?.
Senator Langford is president of the
Bank of Lodi and largely interested ir.
THE OLD AND NEW DEMO
CRATIC POLITICAL LEADERS
OF SAX JOAQUIN COUNTY.
SANTA CRUZ
AWAITS COMING
OF REPUBLICANS
Great Convention Hall Is
Transformed Into a
Tiling of Beauty.
Banners, Pictures and Kibbons Form
a Pretty Effect and a New
Sounding-Board Will Aid
the Orators.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ., Sept. 2.— The delegates
to the Republican State convention are
arriving and the town is being handsome
ly decorated in honor of the event.
The Armory, where the sessions are to
be held, has been beautifully decorated.
On the outside there are strings of ban
ners.^/They reach from the top of the
flagpole to the porch. The interior of the
Armory presents a pretty sight. Across
the platform at the east end of the hall
a sounding board has been constructed
and painted a light blue. Above this
board is a festoon of bunting of gold
color. On it are the figures "1S50— 1900."
To one side is a white satin banner, with
the motto, "Prosperity at Home, Pres
tige Abroad." On a similar banner on the
other side appears the motto, "One Coun
try, One Flag." On the sounding board
is a purple banner, with the seal of the
State, and to each side on a background
of gold, are the pictures of McKinley and
Roosevelt.
Below the purple banner is another,
upon which is the picture of Washington,
beside which on shields are the likenesses
of Lincoln and Grant.
A piano Is on the platform for the use
of the leader of the singers, a targe
chorus of whom will furnish the vocal
music for the convention.
In front of the platform are tables for
the use of the press.
The ceiling of the hall Is almost hidden
from view by festoons of bunting. In the
center is a creation of ribbons of red.
white, blue and gold. Around the gal
leries and sides of the hall are looped
the national colors, dotted with srolden
stars. Shields are placed several feet
apart, upon which are pictures of leaders
in the Republican party since Its organi
zation. The rear of the hall is decorated
with light blue bunting, upon which are
silver stars.
There will be seats for the delegates and
spectators on the lower floor. The seats
in the gallery are reserved for the ladies.
"\V. J. Barrett, president of the Com
mercial Travelers' Association, arrived to
day from Los Angeles. He is a can
didate for Presidential Klector at large.
The khaki Rough Rider uniforms lor
the local McKinley and Roosevelt Drill
Corps arrived to-day and will be used for
the first time when the club will act as
escort to the delegation on their arrival
to-morrow evening. They will be pre
ceded by a band, which will give a con
cert later on the balcony of the St.
George Hotel.
ST. JOHN'S FAIR WILL
RUN TWO MORE NIGHTS
Bazaar at Old St. Mary's College in
the Mission a Splendid
Success.
St. John's bazaar is such a success that
Father Brady has decided to run it for
two more nights this week. Last night
the attendance was ad large as ever and
more money was added to the funds to
ward building a church for St. John's
parish, which is the only parish in San
Francisco that does not own a church.
St. Anthony's booth, under the direction
of Mrs. Mclnerney. is as popular as ever.
The booth has a fresh stock of goods anil
there are some of the most beautiful sam
ples of needlework there that have ever
been sold In a church fair. The soda foun
tain 1<* the rendezvous of the swell boys
of the parish who want to make a big 1
hit with their best gills. Mrs. and the
Misses Supple look after the fountain
and are kept busy all through the even
ing. Holly Park bootli has made a big
hit. Mrs. Morrisey haa some real Irish
lace sent out and it was sold the ttrst
night it was on exhibition. She has a
few genuine blackthorn sticks left which
she will sell at a very low figure. Mrs.
McCann Is in this booth and i? one of the
first to arrive at the lair and one of the
last to leave.
The fair will run to-night and to-morrow
nipht. If you have not visited the place
you will only have two more nights In
which to do so. Take a Mission-street car
and ask the conductor to let you off at
old St. Mary's College.
Allies in Full Accord.
The Americans. Europeans and Orien
tals who attended our sale last Monday
all departed perfectly satisfied with the
fine shoes they bought at such low prices.
To-morrow (Wednesday) on sale S00 pairs
men's calf or kill for $1 »J5: VX)0 pairs la
dies' fine kid shoes or ties also for Jl C3.
These goods are from the rejected stock
and are worth from $3 to $4 a pair. The
Ree Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market, near
Third street. •
Senator Langford Passes From the Legis
lative Forum and /inother Lodi Mar\
Yearns for His Mantle.
ONE POLITICAL STAR SINKS,
ANOTHER RISES ON HORIZON
The Bouthera Pacifi<- Company has
frranted dole-prates to the Democratic State
Convention the same stop-over privileges
and extension of time on railway tickets
that were accorded to Republicans bound
for Eiima Cruz. The holder of a round
trip ticket to San Jose from any
point In the State may stop over in San
Fracdso ar.d attend the Native Sons'
celebration and no extra charge v.i'l be
levied. ;
a citizens' non-partisa.n movement, but
They . stood firm for reform within the
Republican party and raved the party
from shame and disgrace in San Fran
cisco. Can there be found in the State
convention an honorable delegate who
¦would t!r:fio their pood w-ork?
.:.; affairs as a r<^cnsnitjon of the
Krr.y-i'rimmir.s faction of the county
* ommittee.
Martin Kelly and Phil Crimmins. who
rr- bo ; : r.xious to be indorsed by State Re
; :•".:. ..r.s. care nothipg for the Republican
party at Republican principles. Wh*-n
Democratic money or patronage is In
FiehT trey Bell but the Republican ticket
to the Democrats. They barter and bar
lEraJn with Sam Rrsiney. and do politics
In the back mnm of the Mint saloon for
le. They krif. d M. M. Estee. the P.e
• : . • : ilard-bearer for Governor in
1894. and through treachery and false
j set i Bide a majority of 1240(1
votf-? which Estee received from Repub
•¦i th«' country. It is well enough
to Inquire at Ihia time if the Republican
dclefate« from the interior desire to assist
=ch«ae to turn over the orsanization
of the party in San Francisco to a man
who keeps a dive or to his partner, whose
reputation 'was. determined by a jury to
I . v. irth rot more than |L
ler the Stratum primarj- law one
*-ear ;.?" th« ckan Republicaas of ban
Fl Isco rallied at the polls and wrested
party organization from Kelly and
Crimmins Tbey nominated a clean tick«t
and elected the Sheriff. Auditor. County
-. Tax Collector an.', several Sup»r
- isom. Thr ir candidate for Mayor. Hon.
Horace Davis, v.as defeated through
r,.i trcachery.
Tbe anti-boss delegate* created a n"x
County Committee. For the past twelve
raorrtns the bosses of both parties, a.s-
Fisted by tho Democratic press, have been
tryinp to debauch, corrupt, confuse and
v.-eaken the committee The scheme to
disrupt failrd. Republicans of character
and courage defeated the opposition by
rrfusinf; to rountfTir.ee fraud, violence.
tlr.g and ballot-tKJX stuffing' at the
recent open wlnuuy.
It is true that men in the County Com
rr.ittce who were elected on the anti-boss
¦platform botray^d their old associates
j.nd jf.ined tht Kelly-Crimmins Knnp. but
In f< rne cases they were threatened with
thr- ios.s of Federal position if they did
not take the.'r orders from the boss. The
jrood citizens and taxpayers of San Fr.tii
dsco and the friends of good government
throughout the whole State of California
Owe a debt of gratitude to thr clean and
courageous Republicans of the County
Committee who have fo;:pht to the finish
ar:d by superior skili a::«J intf Ilijrenoe won
14. victory over fraud and crimo In politics.
Many times during the strugrple they
vere advlxed by business men to abandon
the organization to the bosses and .Tbin
SarrJiel M. Sliortridge Is slated to head
the Uct of Pr>?identiaJ Electors. His ora
to.-y at St^ita Cruz will er.chaxit and in
s:ri:ct the delegates.
The Democratic State Convention will
tissemble in Plitlar/s r.ew theater at San
Jose. Thwrsdav at 11 a. m. It. M. Fitzger
ald is elated for chairman of the conven
tion. The oratory of Stephen M. White
rnd D. M. Dt liras will enliven the dele
pates, it is expected that Gavin McNab
•n.r.1 permit a great deal of latitude iii
8-;'.
Peace ard tranquillity reign at the head
qaartera of the Hepublican County Com
iniTtee In this (Sty. Yesterday the list of
delegate* elected to the State Convention
«czmi tranpn:it:.-<l :o the State Central Com
mittee. As there were no contests ot.
F:ate delegations the delegates who re
ceived a majority on the face of the re
fjrrs r>ntf.5n«"d credentials signed by Al
fred r;ouvi< r. chairman, ur.d Jair.es A.
\Vil<on, 5e<rctar>' of the county commit
tee.
PiF.srrur.tiol members of the county com
mitt*# who take ordc-rs from MartiTi Ivdly
and Phil Criir.niins were circulaunK a pe
¦tit'on. or protest, yesterday. The motive
of Ibe boss BCheme is to induce the State
C«itral Committee to take some kind ot
action which iriav be construed later on
J::.:::s Kahn in the Fourth and Eugene
F. Loud la the Fifth will probably be re
rorr.ir.att d without opposition. Nomina
• ::s have b?o:i made in ihe Third, Slx'tU
end fc-v«Hh.
The race- In the First District is nar
rowed down to a contest between Frank
I_ Coombs of Napa and State Senator J.
N. Gillette of Humboldt.
Indications point to a sharp contest
for the Congressional nomination in the
second District. The candidates are E.
M. Preston and J. M. Wailing of Nevada
County. Colonel E. A. Fcrbes of Yuba and
S. D. Wood of San Joaquin.
4 il\n$ ANY prominent Republicans from
AM The interior a: rived in San Fran-
Jj J^ Yv Cisco yesterday on their way to
tha State Convention at Santa
r -i. The trains leavir.j; here this afier
noon for the seaside city will convey
many <3e!<»gat<?s to th<? convention. Colonel
George Store, chairman of the State
Committee; W. C. Van Fleet, national
eommittecmar. : Samuel M. Short ridge. E.
C. Voorhies. C. M. Belsnaw* J. N. GiUette.
Prank 1^. t'l-ombs ard others will arrive
in Santa Cruz this evening. It seems to
be settled that Hen. V.'. C. Van Fleet will
be chosen chairman of the convention.
There is talk that Judge McKinley of Los
Ar.geies will be a--sijrr.ed to duty as chair
rr.f:n rf the committee on resolutions.
Animated Contest for Congressional Nomina
tion in Second District— Keily and Crimmins
Seek Boss Signatures to a Protest.
tpenfral opinion is that Heber M. Wells.
I ihe present (Governor, will be renominat
¦ cd. as there is no talk of opposition to his
j candidacy. J. T. Hammond, the present
' Secretary of St:xe. will also probably be
i renominatrd. Judge Eartch of Salt Lake
I appears to have the lead for Supreme
Jiulfre. The most prominent contestants
for Representative in Congress are James
Devir.e, <J<-orse Sutherland and Major
Grant of Salt Lake and William Glas
mann of OgtJen.' While Sutherland has
announced that he is not a ca.ndidate.
some of the fc»st jiosted politicians think
he will be the nominee.
WHITE CHAMPIONS SPAI-DING
The -Former Senator Will Oppose Mc-
Lachlan's Candidacy.
EpedaJ Dtepatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 3.— At a confer
ence held this mornir.g by former
Senator Stephen M. White, Xathan Cole
Jr. and Ju.lsre J. Noonan Phillips, it was
formally decided to place W. A. Spalding
<;f this city, former editor of the Herald,
before th« Democratic Sixth District Con
gressional Convention at San Jose as the
candidate to oppose James McL#aehlan.
Senator White not only agreed to support
Mr. Spalding. but will nominate him and
will personally make his canvass in the
fonv. ntlon. Mr. Spaldins. Nathan Cole
Jr.. Judge Phillips and others of the
Spaldius contingent will be on hand.
Sutter County Democratic Nominees
VL'DA CITY. Sept. Z.— The Democratic
County Convention was held here to-day.
The nominees for Supervisors are: W R
Clyma. First District; L. P. Farmer
Fourth District, and John P. Glenn. Fifth
LUstnct. After appointing e. new Central
Committee the convention adjourned.
till Ito Fusion
BOISK, Idaho, Sept. 3.— There is still nc
fusion between the Populists and Demo
crats, but this evening tlu-y claim to have
cleared away the difficulties and have
nothing but some minor details to ar
range.
Johnson Draws Out of the Race
STOCKTON. Sept. 3.— \Y. E. Johnson, a
young merchant, who was on Saturday
nominated by the Democrats for Assem
blyman, to-day withdrew from the contest
for business reasons. The county commit
tee will till the vacancy at an early date.
Arizona's Democratic Fierht
| j-hoemx, Ariz.. Sept. 3.— The result of
; the contest for the Democratic nomination
| for Territorial deleg-ate to Congress ha.s
I r.ot yet assumed form sufficient to justify
; any attempt at an estimate and can bard
i ly be known until the convention is held
here Saturrfav,
Republican Statesmen and Ora
tors Prepare to Leave for Santa
Cruz Convention.
DELEGATES ARE
READY FOR DUTY
CALIFORNIA'S POLITICAL POT BUBBLES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1900.
5
POLYTECHNIC g8?L N E cl s
Has tbe largest and best equipped departments
In tbe West. Regular business and shorthand
course. Students may enter at any time. All
graduates in responsible position*. Fre» cat**
legue. .Oakland, Cai.
It is desired to correct an erroneous impres-
sion that Trinity School has been dlscontinaid.
It will open as usual MONDAY. August «.
Only boys of rood moral character are taken.
G. S. MEAD. 2203 Central ave.
TRINITV SCHOOL./S
'SAN PAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUiSG MEN AND BOYS.
Separata Kooms, Oymnaalum. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS ATJGnRT HTH.
REV. C. IIITCHCOCK. Principal.
Hitchcock School,
jgi^riTO-
Many ptreams in Prance have been
stocked with American black bass, and
the fish have flourished to such an extent
that they are common articles of diet in
the hotels and restaurants.
Enslpn V/Illlam I. Day. staff officer of
the Salvation Army, 1ST Hanover street,
Boston. Mass., writes:
"I am pleased to testify to the splendid
merits of Peruna a? an invigoraror for
stomach troubles. Several of my friends
have used it with satisfactory results and
have spoken very highly of the efficiency
of Peruna."
Mrs. Carrie Haberly, captain of the Sal-
ration Army of Green Lake, WUlU*
writes:
,- "Several members of the Army and sev-
eral other friends have recovered their
health from the use of your wonderful
Pertina. and I have personally received
much strength from its use. Especially
do I consider it a boon to women In re-
storing: their more delicate system, and X
heartily indorse and praise it."
Address The P runa Medicine Company, Columbus, Ohio, for
a free copy of "Summer Catarrh."
j AMUSEMENTS.
THE BEST THAT VAUDEVILLE AFFORDS.
HOWS, WALL AND WALTERS.
Gertrude Mansfield anl Gary! Wilbur.
! Weslman end Wren. Frances Kepp'er.
; THE JOSCARY TROUPE.
! Lavender and Thomson.
Mr. and Mrs. Tobln.
LEW HAWKINS.
nmFPICAN DIOGRrtPH. ,
I Reserved P»ats. 2Cc; Balcony. 10c; Opera '
; Chair" and Box S?at«. 50c. Matinees Werlnes- .
day, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
JESSIE "bARTLETT"dAVIS.
— - ;
\ A Mc£ri?icent Success!
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDIN'O SUNDAY.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
CLAY L. R.
CLEMENT and STOCKWELL.
SUPPORTED BY A STRONG COMPANY.
Presenting an Adaptation of
Charles Dickens' and Wiliie Collins'
"Ko Thoroughfare."
Under the Title of
A GREAT OBSTACLE
A SUPERB PRODUCTION*.
PRICES Jl. TC-c, ZOc, 3jC and 23<\
BOX AND LOGE PEATS » 50
GRAND OPEP5A MOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Last Week of V/ILTON LACKAYE.
Last Three Nights of
CHILDREN of THE GHETTO
Friday Evenlnc and Balance of Week,
"TRILBY."
Next Week-' QUO VADIS."
EVENING PRICES— 10r, 13c. 25c. 50c: a f*w
Front P.ows !n Orchestra. 7',c.^ MATINEE
I PRICES — 1<V. ICc. 2Tic. 3nc (no hicher). ,
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
|__ : : , ;
PPHEUMATISM
JB «L —-CURED— -
by the waters and the mud baths
and the hot mineral ba'hs of
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Address A. BETTENS. Manager.
Byron Hot Springs. Cal.
LOMBARD & CO.. 36 Geary st.. City Agts.
TiMD MP7VPD Free frr.rn tnc* and cold i
LAillr iJlCAEK winds. The Popular Resort ,
Among Redwoods of Sonoma Co.; Free Boat-
ing HathlnE. Flshine and Huntinc. Lots sell
from $10 to $7i Cottages built from |.»0 and
upward. Board and lodirlnff. 15 per week: un-
furnished rooms. SI rer week. Address H. M.
GREOSOX. Camp M-gker.
CALIFORNIA HUi ".PRIKGSJK.j;?.^,:
Fprinrs: new ir.ar.aitetr.r-rt: a r'ace of comfort
s!l »easons: 4S mil-* from S. F.. via Tib-iron
«lve swlmmlriK tank: 110 00 and up per week;
round trip Jl 19 on Sunday. COOPER & STFW-
ART. A?ua Callente. Cal. Lons-distance phone.
Kt.aMATH HOT Sf* RINGS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county In
California. Trour fishing— finest In the State —
fchove! Creek. V, miles for casting. Hunttns—
plenty of eame in surrounding mountains—
prouse. quail, deer and bear. EDSOX BROS..
Proprietors. Beswick. Slsklyou County. CaL
/ LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake County to
tptnd your vacation. Beating, bathlncr. bowl-
ine, tennis. livery, new walks, etc. Write for
clicular to II. WAMDOLP,
Lanrel Dell. Lakr County. Cal.
BLUE LAKES,
Lnk» Co.; fine fishing, boatinir. bathing and
hunting: !n the h<»art of the mountain*. The
best table in Lake Co. Address O. WEIS-
\L\X. Midlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
KAHLER S new summer resort. Cazadero. CaL
—Home cooking, excellent ttshing and hunt-
ing: general mdse.. cbolcs lK;uors. cigars;
popular Drices. '" ¦ .¦
| PAL AGE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that thes#
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
-to particular people — undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management oa the
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
Soap in stick form; con-
venience and economy in
shaving.
It is the best and cheap-
est shaving soap in all the
world. /
An sorts of people u*e Pears* soap, all sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists.
PERUNA INVIGORATES.
ii » — .-
AMTJ SEM.1LN T 3.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NKJHT'r TO-NIGHT!??
1HTJRSDAT, SLNDAV NIGMT. SAT. MAT..
L.izet'3 Immortal Work.
"CARMEN."
¦Wednesday. Frl.iay. Saturday Xlghta
Wrrifa Great Traelc Opera.
"ERNANI."
THE GREATEST HIT OF THE SHASOV.
NEXT WEEK
"CaiiOeria" and "Pagliacci."
POPULAR PRICKS :3c and 50«
Te!«rh.-ine. Bu?h 9.
a^H E AT R El^aT
CURTAIN CALLS GALORE!
DOROTHY DORR and E0T7ARD HALL,
Beautiful. Costly Production,
"The Masqueraders"
SEATS 6 DATS IN ADVANCE.
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUXDAT.
NEXT WEEK-
TOE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ML
Eddy and Jcr.es sts Phcr.e South 779
'•Chrl«tl<» Pul! >m Down." Oppnin? of th«
rejrular season. Xext THURSDAY NIGHT—
Kvery evtnlns. Holiday Matinoes Sat. and
Sun. Special Matin-? Tuesday, i^ept. 11. Mag-
ntflcent spectacular revival of the nautical,
farcical success,
FERRIS HARTMAN'
And a treat cait. Attractive chorus of W ntng.
ins volr»«. Elaborate costumrs — magnificent
.•tase sotttnss. ITp to the moment.' Seats now
ready — Be. 25c. 23o. ZOc.
TO-NIGHT p5[^«^^ Portrait.of
ladies' r^^^TTr 1 *! Our * vlo * t
KitH SS^lklJi Prom!ncnt
AND NIGHTLY
PAIN'S $1000 FIREWORKS!
To-morrow-RrPUBLICAX XIGHT.
Folsom and Sixteenth St. Grounds.
SEATS FOR 10.000.
Peat?, 2Cc anl S«V; Reserved. 73c and ii.
Children, this week only, 15c ami 23c.
i«?ats and Bozca at Sherman & Clay's.
f\l^Tf\ THEftTER,
1C3 Grove Stwt. Phone South Kl.
TO-NIGHT, all this week, with matlneea
Saturday and Sunday. First time on any
stage— CAPTAIN JACK CRAWFORD'S great
Border Drama, illustrating his Ufa oa tin*
frontier, entitled. "OX-TIIE-TRAIU"
General Shafter has loaned Capt. Crawford
four of the Government's greatest scouts, who
are now en route to China. Besides a stronsr
cast there will Indians. Cowboys. Packnmlea.
etc. Prices. 10o. 20c. 30. NEXT — "Bottom of
the Sea."' —
L|wa w^ks erf Racing.
ExKibiis Carried jiFrvse-
Excursion f^atcSjforVisitors.
V/riic for Particulars to
Peter J. Shields, a.B.Spreckels»
1 SECRETARY- PRtSIDCNT-
ffTQrHFR'SI CONCERT HOUSE.
riOOn&n O Admission 1O:.
Olive Vail. Ames C". Cain. Anna Miller. Hor-
ace Rir.na. Pearl Hlckman. Dutch Walton.
Howard *¦ Campbell and New Moving Picture*.
Reserved Seats, I3c; Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO OrtTHS.
OPEX NIOHTm.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing' from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 8c
Bathing; includes admission, 23c; Cb::>ir-^a, 29o.The financiers who intend to establish a new man
agement for the "Southern Pacific Company and re
move from the affairs of the corporation the remain
ing influence of the "Big Four" are making for Cali
fornia history of the deepest meaning.
The legal authorities of a Southern railway have
precipitated a most interesting controversy by insist
ing that a male person wearing a shirt waist is de
cently dressed. The point in doubt is whether or not
the male person is a man.
The gamblers of Sacramento have raised an inter
esting and unique principle of law, the significance of
which they, do not themselves seem to understand.
They insist that they have a vested right to rob
people. ¦¦;¦;"• ¦.-'.¦ : -
The Iocs! citizen who shot himself while looking
for a burglar must have some serious reflections on
his own character if his aim was eood
The police officer who is accused of having black
mailed a sneak thief cut of $2 50 as a consideration
for Bating -the offender from San Quentin ought to
;;!ead not guilty on the ground of insanity.
The studied persistency with which police officials
ere Jcstroying the efficiency of the Golden Gate Park
rctrol suggests that some of our local authorities are
inspired by malice rather than by a desire to perform
their duty to the public.
The jrowjg hoodlum who plunged a knife into thc
abdomen of a boy ought to be made to realize very
quickly that vie have educational institutions where
the proper uses of the knife arc taught and that the
lime is ripe for him to learn.
An upror.r has been raised in Mexico over the
theft of funds which had been subscribed to purchase
a warship for Spain. It is o,u:tc probable that the
thieves believed it would be criminal to present the
Spanish with another toy such as had proved so dan
perous to themselves.
BOTH the Republican and the Democratic party
have placed in their national platforms this
year a plank containing declarations in favor of
labor. There is. however, a wide difference in thc
two. and difference is characteristic of the divergence
between the methods of the opposing parties., One
promises to workingmen thc enactment of legislation
which will improve tin ir conditions; thc other prom
ises nothing more than the creation of a new office,
ostensibly to be filled by a representative workingman,
but which might be used as thc reward of some Dem
ocratic agitator.
The Republican platform, after pointing out how
beneficial to labor has been the policy of protection
which encourages inventive genius and provides work
and wages for persons of varied tastes and talents.
?pys: "In the further interest of American labor we
favor a more effective restriction on thc immigration
o. r cheap labor from foreign lands, the extension of
opportunities of education for working children, the
raising of thc age limit for child labor, thc protection
of free labor against contract convict labor and an
effective system of labor insurance."
The .Democratic platform, after denouncing the
protective tariff as a trust-breeding measure, says:
"In the interest of American labor and the upbuilding
of the workingman, ss the cornerstone of the pros
perity of our country, we recommend that Congress
create a department of labor in charge of a secretary
with a scat in the Cabinet, believing that thc eleva
tion of thc American laborer will bring with it in
creased production and increased prosperity to our
country at home and our commerce abroad."
Such are the labor platforms of the two parties.
One contains a definite programme of reform and
improvement. It provides for protecting the Ameri
can workingm.in against the competition of cheap
hbor in other countries and also against thc immi
gration of cheap laborers to this country. It promises
to free labor protection within thc republic against
the competition of convicts. It proposes to put an
end to the evils of child labor, to give better oppor
tunities of education to such children as are forced
to ?vork. and finally to provide for a system of labor
insurance that will be of benefit to every workingman
and his family.
Against all that the Kansas City platform offers
nothing but the promise of a recommendation to
Congress to create a department of labor. Of what
avail would a secretary of labor be to workingmen
if the protective tariff were overthrown and thce
were no longer employment for thc workers? What
could such an official do to restrict immigration, to
restrain the excessive employment of children, to pro
vide education for youthful workers and to establish
labor insurance?
No intelligent workingman can read these two
THE TWO LABOR PLANKS.
AN INCIDENT IN KANSAS.
KANSAS folks after a brief season of raptu-e,
caused by a belief that their prolific State had
surpassed thc record of the woolly horse by
producing a feathered dog. have been plunged into
confusion by a discovery that the dog is a' fraud. By
reason of this swift change from gladness to despair
the minds of the people are in a turmoil, their feelings
surge from the depths of despair to the heights of in
dignation and there nre times when they are inclined
to slaughter everything in sight that wears feathers.
The story is a pimple one. It appears that for
months past a native has been going about the State
exhibiting a creature that had the form and the bark
of a dog. but which was covered not with hair as a
dog should be. but with feathers. The people were
pleased, but an enterprising reporter seized an oppor
tunity to pluck several feathers from the animal and he
noted that it did not wince. Thereupon the reporter
declared the thing to be a humbug. An investigation
took place and the discovery was made that the dos
had been completely covered from nose to tail with a
tight-fitting coat of canton flannel on which pigeon
feathers had been sown so close as to seem like a
natural growth. When the fraud was exposed the
owner of the dog fled from Kansas and is said to be
headed westward.
The Kansas people can hardly fail to apply to other
affairs of life the lesson they have thus learned and
paid for. There arc a good many feathered frauds
going round the country. There is the Bryan bird,
for example, covered all over with anti-imperial
feathers and posing a? the eagle of liberty. He is
making an exhibition of himself in all parts of the
country and is duping not a few people. When he
shows up in Kansas some enterprising man should
pull some of the anti-imperial feathers and it will
then be seen that the animal doesn't wince. Let a full
investigation be then made and it will be found that
the feathers are merely a false coat upon the old 16
to i dog. Should some Kansas man make that ex
posure Kansas will 'oo speedily rid of Bryan, but we
hope he will not follow th c example of the feathered
dog man and come West.
SHALL men wear shirt waitsts?
That is the new question that has
struck this town and is being vigor
ously canvassed and cMpcussed by
the privileged members of the charmed
circle, the club man. the professional man,
the merchant, the clerk and the laborer.
It is the absorbing topic of the moment.
It is discussed in the mansion and the
cottage. No dinner is known these days
to teach the fish course or the doughnuts
a«s the cafe may be — without that mo
mentous shirt waist question cropping up.
Many a man since the agitation began,
has talked himself dry on the subject.
Opinions are pretty nearly unanimous.
The only difference known to exist be
tween the various shirt waist spielers
lies in the fact that while one eases his
parched throat with Chateau Lalltte, the
other may be wetting his whistle with
steam beer.
Such a commotion has the masculine
shirt-waist question created that the good
citizens who would decide all matters in
conformity with constitutional law and
ordpr arc prcparinR a. clause to tit the
vexed question which they propose to offer
as an amendment to tho new charter.
If was while discussing the possibility
of such an amendment that Mayor Phe
lan consented to make public his indi
vidual views on the shirt-waist question.
"I am decidedly In favor of the shirt
waist for men," said his Honor. "I have
given the matter considerable thoupht and
have come to the conclusion that the
6hirt waist stands as the emblem of
progress. I am for progress and advance
ment. I have given* ample proof of that
in my charter. I intend to bring the
matter before the convention at San Jose
and In the meantime I shall issue an edict
that will compel all employes of the city
to adopt the shirt waist. I shall gener
ously leave the matter of style and color
to tneir own individual taste. However,
all will bo. required to wear the straight
bacKed garment with hemstitched and
tucked fronts; also white shirt waists are
to be strictly tabooed. White stnnds for
purity. 1 consider it decidedly poor taste
lor rriy followers to stoop to the necessity
of calling attention to the purity \)f my
public life. It is superfluous and unntewj
sory."
Mayor Phc'.an has brought along with
him many shirt waists from Paris, and
what Is more, he declares he Is going to
wear them. These French confections
might be added with honor to a belle's
outfit of lingerie.
Promotes Home Industry.
"See here." said the Mayor suddenly, aa
he turned back a corner of a pink gar
ment nrcparatory to folding it away.
"Look! See this diadem, embroidered in
vivid red. with the letters 'J. D. P.' in
tho center. Well, I told those foolish
foreigners that 1 was Mayor of San Fran
cisco and that is how they marked my
shirt waists. The French are a wonderful
nation."
"Do I believe In shirt waists for men?"
echoed Joseph Sadoc Tobln. "Well I
guess I do. I wear them. To me they
mean emancipation. I don't see now how
I ever contrived to play polo without
them. They are very becoming to my
figure. I favor the long straight front ef
fects. "With mo the shirt waist has- been
a cause of live and learn. The nrst one
1 put on did not have the desired effect
and do you know the reason why? I had
forgotten," said the polo player in his
most Insinuating, confidential manner, "I
had forgotten to put on a corset cover. I
got one and it made all the difference in
the world. If you are going to write this
up," said Tobln as he bowed the scribe
out. "don't forget to say that no man
who has an atom of decency and self
respect in his make-up should attempt to
wear a shirt waist without a corset
cover.
McEnerney's Arm Shields.
Garret McEnerney was one of the. first
gentlemen pf this city co' adopt 'the shirt
waist, and In view of that fact the brainy
tones. "Most certainly I do. I am glad
you came to interview me on this subject.
I can answer you as a man and a father.
I said I favored shirt ¦waists. Now, let us
look the subject in the faco and com<*
carefully to our conclusions. First. I favor
shirt waists for men because It Is tha
fashion. I alwas'3 advise people to follow
the fashion. Second, I favor shirt waists
because they are neat and cool and becom
ing. Third, I favor shirt waists because— •
I speak as a father now— because they ar©
so comfortable when you handi© tha
baby."
Judge Lawlor had decided tha question
of shirt waists before* the interviewer ap
proached him.
"I favor shirt waists." he said, "but I
am not prepared as yet to speak fully en,
the subject. You see some waists art*
plain back and some waists aro pleated
back, and I have not yet sufficiently In
vestigated the matter to commit myseir
in print-
"This much, however. I •will Bay," eaid
tho Judge. "I consider th« yoko effects
very cute."
Ned Qreenway haa gona further than
any other man In tho shirt waist matter:
"I have my waists made to order." h*
paid, "and I have gone in for tho very
coolest sort. I have come to that tjme of
life when a man likes to wear big shoe*
end soft collars. I have never found it
necessary to follow fashions. I create
them. The shirt waist I wear la a pleated
back affair, with soft pouch front and long
dress sleeves without cuffs. There Is no
lace on It. I'm not selfish and I would
leave some things exclusively for the girls.
I wear no collar with mine. I find rib
bon, twice around and finished with a
neat bow much more becoming and com
fortable."
McNab a True Patriot
"I have had some troubles In life." saM
Gavin McNab. "but nothing that ever
went beyond this Bhirt waist question.
Hoot mon! Do I believe in the shirt waist?
I believe In anything the Democrats want
and I understand they want those gar
ments. My trouble ia In getting plaid
ones. I had one made up to the China
man's on O'Farrell street the other day.
and, oh, It was awful. The plaids did
not match. I have, since that awful fail
ure taken advice from those competent to
boss in such matters and following thetr
suggestions. I am having one made on
the bias. I shall wear It at San Jose." said
McNab. "and I hope It will do credit to
my politics an«« my party."
Walter S. Martin, tho new lieutenant
colonel on the Governor's staff, believes
in tho shirt waist for men. Tho colonel is
not here to speak for himself, but the fol
lowing letter from New York, addressed
to his brother, settles the vexed question
without a doubt:
Pear P»te: I have brought any number of
shirt waists along with me from Parii. It
U th« proper thin< to wnr them, and I always
d.-> thf proper thir.if. It Is on ac-cunt or th»s<>
hf.lrt waists that I ask you t-i secure for me the
sei vices of a maid. My man can't sew, and
you know it Is absolutely necessary for ma tr>
have my epaulettes sewed on every shirt waist
before I dare put It on. To appear wtthout
epaulettes la quite the most awful crime I
could commit. I believe the penalty is death.
Get a pretty mai.l it you can. Ta-ta.
WALTER.
attorney considered It superfluous to go
into print to voice his approval.
"Shirt waists are all right." said Mc-
Enerney. "and I had no trouble in secur
ing ready-made garments to fit me —
waists suitable in both coloring and tex
ture. But the things that I have bumped
up against are the arm shields.
"po you know," he said, as though pro
claiming a great truth, "that it is abso
lutely necessary if you would wear shirt
waists to wear arm shields? When I got
on to that fact the trouble began. I went
into a fancy goods store and asked the
pretty saleswoman for a pair of arm
shields.
" 'What size?' said she.
" " 'Largest.' said I, and thereupon she
produced a pair of those rubber things
that, upon my soul, would not have been
large enough to fit under a canary bird's
wings. That made me desperate, and I
did not care who knew.
" 'I don't want them for a child,' I
bawled; 'I want them for myself.' You
should have seen that girl behind the
counter blush." said McEnerney. his own
rosy face taking on a deeper hue. "For
a moment she stood with her mouth open
and her eyes staring, and then she gasp
ed. 'We haven't got any to fit you. sir.' "
But the attorney was not to be outdone
by a little thing like that. lie went to the
Goodyear Company, ordered a gross of
shields and is now luxuriating In the "lat
est" shirt waists.
J. C. Kirkpatriek, the genial manager
of the Palace, haa got himself in trouble
on account of shirt waists. Kirkpatriek
has always preached to the myriads of
men under him that the road to success
lay in following the good example of
those whose station and successes in life
made them high and shining marks. It is
this bit of splendid advice, given with the
best of Intentions, that has caused the
manager's undoing.
Kirkpatriek appeared the other day in
all the glory of a fashionable new shirt
waist. It set off his manly figure to per
fection, and, above all. showed his mag
nificent chest expansion to the best ad
vantage. Kirkpatriek had hardly pone
three times around the Palace court when
as if by ma K ic. the bellboys began to ap-
E-7L in . S-iP wa £ ta as nearl >' similar to
Kirkpatriek s as It was possible to obtain
at so short a notice.
,", U w r22 slrn P 1 >' awful." said Kirkpat
rick "There was no distinguishing mas
ter from man. The waists were exact
counterparts of tho one 1 had on even
to the number of tuoks in the full fronts
There- would have been no way of distin
guishing us. so I was forced to post uc i
notice forbidding the bellboys to 'appear
in snir waists It grieves me to have haa
to Jo it. said the manager, "and. what
is more, it embarrasses me. This I* th*
i r preac n ned I " haVe had l ° K ? back «» what
Costello an Enthusiast.
Steve Costello believes In the shirt waist
for men and ?o strong is his belief that
he Is using every means of persuasion in
his power to have the Native Sons turn
out in shirt waists in the comlnj? grana
"The first time I shall wear a shin
waist.*' said Steve, "will be In the grand
P, ara(^- 1 u tO0k , several home on approba-
V.on the other day. They were all a spien
chfl fit, and. wnat is more, extremely be
coming;. But. unfortunately. I will not be
able to keep them. They are made." ex
plained the grand marshal, "of the finest
lawns, as all the fashionable waists are
AVhon I. tried the waists on I naturally
pinned on all the medals I shall wrar at
the grand parade. You know," said Cos
tello modestly. "I shall be covered with
medals from chin to waist line, and I
found that the material could not bear
the weight of all my decorations. You see
there was no telling what might happen!
so I had to abandon the lawn waists and
send for one of firmer material. It is
really the only drawback I have met with
in all my preparations for <.ne great cele
bration." And Costello sighed deep and
long, for, as he afterward said, he Is "par
tial to the lawn ones."
Sam Shortridge in Line.
"Do I favor men wearing: shirt waists,"
said Sam Shortridcc. in his decu. dark
A COMING EVENT AND THE SHADOW IT CASTS BEFOBE.
SOME SPECIMEN TRUSTS.
WHEN this campaign was young and the Bryan
ites were making ready for it by storing up
campaign material for future u=e it occurred to
one of the more zealous and more ignorant of the lot
that it would be a good thing to lift the lid oft t\vi
ice tru.-t in New York and di.-close the monopoly
bugs who were supposed to be 'yi n S snugly under it.
The lid was lifted; and behold nearly every dignitary
of Tammany Hail was found in the monopoly nest.
Ir was a bad break for the Bryanites, for they are
hand and glove with Tammany this year; but they
learned irisdoxn by it. and since then have been more
wary in attacking trusts.
Here is the Examiner of this city for e-xample. It
h as rabid and as foolish a yellow journal as any in
the country, but it i.s- very discreet in dealing with
trusts. It assails this one and attacks that one; but
it never gets so wild but what it carefully smells
around a particular trust before it begins to bark
at it. Thus in ail the yawping of that journal thi
j>ub:ic will note there is a careful abstinence from
even an intimation of anything being wrong with the
way the WeUs-Fargo Express Company does busi
ness. This abstinence is due to the fact that Wcils-
Fargo is like the ice trust in one respect, at least — it
is for Bryan; and the president of the corporation,
Mr. Valentine, has formally declared for him in a
public letter.
Of all the trusts in this country none has been more
greedy or more aggressive than the express company
trast. Four great corporations — the Wells-Fargo, the
American, the Adams and the United States Express
Company — have formed themselves into a combina
tion which absolutely dominates the express trade of
the country. They have not only fixed rates to suit
themselves, but they have divided the whole territory
of the nation among them and have combined tc
assist one another against any possible competitor.
Their profits are enormous, but they are largely illicit
profits, because they have been extorted from the
people by a combination formed in violation of law.
However, Mr. Valentine, president of Wells-Fargo,
has declared for Bryan, and the Bryan organs, warned
by the result of the ice-trust expose, are dumb.
The greed of the express companies trust goes be
yond that of any other trust. Thus Wells- Fargo and
the rest have persistently refused to pay any part of
the tax imposed by Congress to defray the expense
of the war which Rrvan was once so loud in urging
end which he is now equally loud in denouncing. This
tax-shirking corporation is now a Bryanite corpora
tion, and, accordingly, all that it does is justified by
the Bryanitcs. There may be some trusts condemned
with a mighty noise of hijjh-sounding words day after
day by the Examiner, but Wells-Fargo will not be
rmong them. Mr. Valentine has come out for Bryan.
UPON the much discussed subject of reforming
our consular service, Albert H. Washburn,
formerly United States Consul at Magdeburg,
contributes an article to the Forum for September
which contains a suggestion well worth the attention
of reformers. Mr. Washburn holds that neither of
the reform bills now before Congress is likely to pa3s,
r.or is there much chance of any speedy removal of
consular offices from the spoils of party politics, ami
he therefore argues that the only way to bring about
an immediate improvement of the service^s to estab
lish a system of consular inspection similar to that
which prevails in other great departments of the Gov
ernment.
On the question of introducing the merit system
into the service he says: "Any general shaking up of
the service is frowned upon by those who now adorn
it as jeopardizing their official tenure. Broadly
speaking, there are 250 principal consular offices
which are much coveted. Almost every Senator and
Representative has one or more personal or political
friends on this list. As a consequence whenever the
Associated Press contains a dispatch concerning con
sular reform there is a prompt flutter of alarm and
Washington is bombarded with appeals from abroad
more or less frantic to resist at all hazards the pro
posed legislation." The party in power is thus in
disposed to act, while the party out of power, of
course, never thinks of voting to extend the merit
system so as to retain in office the incumbents. Thus
there is a complete deadlock which there is no ap
parent means of breaking.
The establishment of a system of inspection is,
therefore, the one step toward reform that can be at
tained at present. Such a system would not be a
novelty in our administrative methods. The Post
office Department maintains a strong corps of inspec
tors to supervise the mail service. There are inspec
tors in the Treasury Department to supervise cus
toms offices, interml revenue offices and national
banks. Why. then, should there not be inspectors in
the State Department to supervise consulates?
Mr. Washburn says: ''Without multiplying illustra
tions from other departments of the Government,
which would be merely cumulative, it is plainly the
policy of the Government to supervise the official ac
tions of our accredite-i representatives to the Apaches,
but to impose no check whatever upon our repre
sentatives abroad. The folly of this short-sighted
policy is manifest from the flood of complaints re
garding the official and personal conduct of our Con
suls which, serious mid silly alike, deluge the Stale
Department. The complaint of illegal fees is perhaps
the most usual. This abuse of the fee system has
grown up in some instances, it is fair to say, from a
desire, perfectly laudable in the abstract, to collect
money enough for cu-rcnt expenses. Congress, in the
press of other matters, having neglected to provide
decent salaries."
This appears a perfectly fair measure of reform.
There is no reason why consular offices should not
be subject to inspection as well as other public of
fices. Mr. Washburn cites several notorious cases of
wrongdoing that would have been promptly discov
ered and stopped had there been any inspection of the
office where the wrong was going on. It is hardly to
be doubted that the inspection which has proven so
efficacious in other departments would be equally ex
pedient in the Department of State, and since such re
form appears easily attainable it should be supported
by all who are interested in improving our consular
system.
INSPECTION OF CONSULATES.
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 4. 1900
pHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFV1CK ' I>I SSi-'^C-i^-^-52i
FLJ3UCAT1OX OFFICE. .Market wn* Tbird, S. F.
Telephone I'ren* 201.
CDITO&IAL ROOMS.... 21T to 221 Stevenaom St.
Telephone Prei» £02.
Delivered *»t Currier*. 15 Cm«« Per Week.
Sine!* Copfea. 5 Cent*.
T«nni br Moll. Inrlndlnc Po*(a«r«i
r>AIt,T CA.LL, <!nc:u«!nis tfurdnv), cne y»ar $«.<*
PATLT CAIX <1r.ciu<J!nK Pundayi. « month» *.M
DAILT CALL, Uncladir.c Sundav). J <nonth« 1 M
PAILT CAlJ*-Br Ctr.rle Month «>o
FTTNDAT CAM- One Y, lr 1.60
WEEKLT CAUL On« T»«r l*»
Ail pottQMtcri are mnthorlzeil to recelre
¦ ahf»v'rt!>tioixa.
8ucj)!* ccplea wiu Lie forwarded when requested.
V«:i •rubber' h— >¦« 1- ct<:t:vs ciinr.r* of «fl/!r*»» ahoulil b»
particular to rt*« both NEW AN'D OT>D ADORKJ-'S In order
U> Insure a prompt uui correct con-.riisuice irlth vteir recuest.
OAIvLAMJ OFFICE HIS Broadway
GEORGE C KR03NESS.
Manager Foregn Advertisiny, Marquette Building. Chicago.
:L«.r.k I>Ut*nc* Teleph-r>« "Centrai I«13.">
NEW TORK CCPa'.ESFONDEXT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
XKW TORK REPRESENTATIVE;
STEPHEN B. SMITH 23 Tribune 3ui'dir.?r
KEW TORK NEWS STAXE*:
W"aJaorf-A*torla Hotel; A. H; i.r.jao. II Union Square;
aitmy BIS UoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6b«rta«n Hour*: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont BcMt; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON [D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hctsi
WCRTON E. CRANE, Corespondent.
ItRASCH OFFICES-^: Mrn'.fsmpn-, corner of Clay, ovr-n
trctll »:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'cLxk. VS I.arkla. "ron until
»:S0 o'clock. 1HI Mission. cpen until 10 o'clock. EX1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. lrf«6 Valencia, opi-n
until * o'clock, ice Eleventh, oiien urt'.l {• o'clovk. NW cor
*«" r»*uiF — ennfl end Kentacfcy. <-pen until 3 o'clock.
McKINLEY AGAINST BRYAN.
AFTER all is said and done, the issues of the
campaign will be found in their last analyses
to be nothing more than a contest between
McKinley and Bryan, between what is represented in
st;<^yaft by the one and in demagogy' by the other.
The _ are men who are supporting Bryan for no
other reason than a desire to, defeat McKinley. Be
cause they object to the President personally or to
his policy upon some question great, or small, they
are opposed to him. The Democratic cry of old was:
"Anything to beat Grant," and now it is, "Anything
to beat McKinley."
The antagonism to the President is carried out with
a frankness that hardly attempts concealment. It will
be remembered that after the Kansas City p!atfo~m
was adopted David Bennett Hill of New York told
the convention that some of the platform could be
used in one State and other portions of it ill another.
"There is hardly a man." he said, "who cannot find
in the platform something he will be willing to vote
for." So it was openly announced that the campaign
is to be waged by such tactics. The tight is to be
against gold in one place, against trusts in another
place and against expansion in a third place, but
everywhere it is to be against McKinley.
Not long ago James K. McGuire of the Democratic
State Committee of New York was quoted as saying:
"There are always a grcnt many things in a national
platform that cannot be emphasised in a State cam
pcign. Xow we have decided on a plan by which the
speakers in this State will devote attention exclusively
to the issue of imperialism, and just let the rest of
the platform go. I icll you the issue of imperialism
::- the real thing. It is much more vital than the
fanciful ills of free silver. The composition of the
Senate prevents any interference with our financial
system for some years. But imperialism is at our
very doors. Imperialism is shooting down our son>
this very day. Free slver won't be heard of in this
campaign."
The trick has been quickly taken up and now we
have men who a few years ago clearly depicted the
cviis that would surely result from the election of
Biy:-n declaring; a willingness to accept him for the
pake of defeating McKinley. During the State cam
paign in Kentucky two years ago Henry Watterson
said: "Mr. William J. Bryan has come to Kentucky
and Kentuckians have taken his measure. He is a
boy orator, lie is a dishonest dodger. He is a daring
adventurer. lie is a rolitical faker. He is not of the
material of which the people of the United States
have ever made a President, nor has he even the ma
terial of which any party has ever before made a can
dklute." Such was the judgment two years r.go.
Sir.ce then Bryan has not changed, but now Mr. Wat
terson. who continues to be in favor of the gold
standard, and who is :i strong imperialist, is support
ing the artful dodger .mi^ political faker.
Tour years ago Bourke Cockran said: "The Ameri
can nation will never consent to substitute the re
public of Washington, of Jefferson and of Jackson for
the republic of an Altgeld, a Tillman or a Bryan." In
that same campaign Carl Schurz said: ''The mer:
apprehension of the possibilityof Mr. Bryan's election
and the consequent placing of our country upon a
tilvcr basis has already caused untold millions of our
securities to be thrown upon the market. And if
these arc the effects of a mere apprehension of a
possibility, what would be the effect of the event it
self? There is scarcely an imaginable limit to the de
struction certain to he wrought by the business dis
turbance that Mr. Bryan's election would cause." Yet
thc c e'men are now prating about imperialism and, fol
lowing the advice of Hill, are trying to get the silver
;s5t:e out of the campaign in New York.
The people are not going to be deceived in this
contest any more than in the time when the cry was
anything to beat Grant. They are aware that Brynn
lias not changed since 1896, except, perhaps, to ac
quire a little more cunning in his methods of can
vassing. He is still the prophet of calamity, a dis
turber of business, a foe of American industry and an
advocate of national dishonor. Nothing but a blind
partisanship can induce any citizen to support him in
opposition to a President whose administration has
been so" glorious for the republic and ?o prosperous
for the people as that of William McKinley.
planks in the rival platforms without perceiving that
the Republicans offer substantial benefits to all the
workers of the country, while Democracy offers noth
ing more than an office to be scrambled for by poli
ticians. On such a showing, which is fairly charac
teristic of the contending parties, there ought to be
no difficulty experienced by workingmen in making
up their minds how to vote, even were there no other
issue at stake than the one raised by the two labor
planks.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1900.
GIRLS, LOOK OUT, FOR MEN
HAVE THE SHIRT W0IST CRAZE
Will Now Be Borrowing the Cool and Fetching
Garment pron) Wives and Sisters.
6
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townsend's*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press' Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 ilonl-
BOinery st. Telephone Main NMZ •
AN* OPULENT LADY.
Fidelia— Well. I don't envy the Empress
Dowager her meditations.
Flossy— You don't? O Fidelia, they say
she has 2000 silk frocks, and f.no of them
are embroidered with rtal feeed pearls!—
Indianapolis Journal.
Ladles never have any dyspepsia after a
wlneelass o r Dr. Slejcerfs Anjprtura
BHteri.
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vecetabte cure for
liver Ills, blltouynea*. lrKllpesjlon. constipation.*
AUCTION SALES.
By Chase & Mrr.iJrr.hnll— Thr«e carlo* dj of driving
*-r* draft hnrres. at 1732 Market t:r<»et.
By P. 'Waiklns -Tueniiy. September 4. Ilorres at lt;i Mar-
ket street.
AMUSEALEKTS.
Aln»TT-^-"The llasqueraders."
Coluirbla— "A Groat Obstacle."
Oxpbexun— TasdcrlU*.
Grand Or^ra-house — "Oiildren of th» Ghftto."*
TSvoll — ¦"Carmen."
Olj-rr.rta, corr.er Mascn ar.d EJ<ly Ftre#Ts— Specialties.
Chutet. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
G^M3lr.£.
Fischpr 1 * — Vaud»v!ile.
A!ta Theater. Grove rtreet — "On tho Trail."
AIhajr.bra— "Fhip Ahoy" next Thursday.
Ptlc'i Battle of Pan Juan. Fo:.srm and Sixteenth streets.
E'jtro r.ath!»— O^«>n niehts.LOS ANGELES, Sept. 3.— Zachariah
Montgomery, who was stricken with pa
ralysis last Saturday, died at his resi
dence, 1816 Ingraham street, this after
'noon at the age of 7C years.
By the death of Mr. Montgomery this
State hns lost one of her most picturesque
and widely known pioneers. Had ho lived
seven days longer he would have assisted
in the celebration of the semi-centennial
of this State, "as ho Joined in the festivi
ties that attpnded its admission into the
Union, and upon whose history his name
Is indelibly written.
Zachariah Montgomery was born In
Kelson County, Kentuckv, on the 6th day
of March, 1825. His early life was spent
upon a Kentucky plantation. He studied
law, and In 1843 went to Rockport, III.,
where he taught school for a year, j Early
In 1K50 he made his way to California,
where, after a short mining experience,
he began the practice of law in Sutter
County. He twice held the oflice of Dis
trict Attorney in that county. In 1860 he
was a member of the Legislature, and in
1864 he began the publication of tlfe Occi
dental, a weekly newspaper In San Fran
cisco. The plant of the paper was de
stroyed by a mob which became Incensed
at the outspoken views of its editor.
fho rrsidents of Precfta Valley Join In
asking to 'have U*e streets running north
«nd south from Potrero avenue to Mls
(ttoa so they m ay , ro{;s from
1 v.-r-my-Fixth to Predu avenue over the
old b.-d of Islais Creek. When this much
reeded improvement is once maS* kT, it n
bl* building lot* will be avIi| ; >uff e orh U n'
******* families of .mall mean,. h ""
At the inst meeting of tb* Pr^-lta Val-
Jpy [mprovetnau Club, with j n Vizzard
?i P'-^.ient. a commit te<- cmStetlScioi
A A Graham and I>. iia Kf rin Sr l was
£l>;oint*d to wan on the Citv Engineer
to suggest a new purvey on pVral a A/
nue. between York and Figaro strati"
•here not bclrig a proper i»5e to rive
good sewerage. c lu fcl%t -
Fim comes the people residing alone
the San Bruno road, from Army street to
th<» county lin". Th5s thoroughfare load-
Ing frr>m the eastern portion of the Mls
t-ion Into San M&teo County has become
.•-<. neglected that travel over it has been
practically abandoned for a number o*
yr-:«r*». It \? Bought to have the roadway
r< j^aired and Fnrinkk-rf.
Rrpi<Vr.t properly owners In the east
BectSon of the Mission district are endeav
oring to procure from the municipal au
thorities some general Iraprowmpnts for
this heretofore neglected portion of the
city.
San Eruno Besidents and Other Prop
erty 0-cmers After General
Improvements.
BETTERMENT OF EAST
MISSION DISTRICT
ZACHARIAS MONTGOMERY
WHO DIED AT LOS ANGELE£
LAST. NIGHT FROM A STROKE
OF PARALYSIS.
An invitational violin recital, to be piv^n
by Mr. Harry Samuels, assisted by Herr
Hermann Genxf. is announced for next
Thursday evening at Sherman & Clay
Hall.
Concerts of the Week.
A si-.rjg recital v.-;:i be given this evenlnfc
Et Sherman & Clay Hall, by Miss Clara
Kalisher, who is shortly to leave .San
Francisco for the East. Dr. H. J. Stewart I
"will accompany, and the following inter
estins programme has been prepared- •
"Vittoria. Vittorla." Carlasiml; "Hear Me' '
re Winds and Wives.** Handel: "liai- '
«i«-n ItosK-in" and "Dt-r Tod untl das Hud- i
<-h<n." Schubert; "Widniunc." Schumann* i
"Sapphlsche (Me" Brahms: "Moreen !
Uymne," Henechel; "Stillej }Ac<\.- :in( j i
•Tiosenzw* lz," Von Ticlitz; "AhJ M, m I
Ftls!" Meyerbeer; "L'Amour Captifv
Ohaminadp; "Aurore," Granic-r; ¦'Obsti- '
nation.** IVintenailles; "II c c t Doux "
Massenet; "lxjve Ts a Bubble," AllHsen;
"I'm Wearin' Away to the Land o' the
be&l.*" Arthur Koote; "Thy Beaming
Eyes.** Mat Do well; and "You and 1," Liza.
1a l.mann.
LONDON. Sept. 3.— The United States traln
incr-shlps Hartford and Easex arrived at
Gravesend to-day, making three United States
vessels now at that place, the trainingr-ship
Lancaster having arrived August 25. Salutes
were exchanged to-day., between these ships
and the shore batteries.
Point Wilson Forts Completed.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. Sept. 3.—
The Point Wilson fortification works have
been completed with the exception ot
mounting the big guns, and all the em
ployes have been discharged. The gun
mounting will require from six to eight
months. The fort has been christened
Fort Warren.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 3.-That the coy
otes arc becoming a pest In this county
was forcibly illustrated yesterday near
Tocaloma, when a band of them drove
live deer hound3 out of the Mazza Gulch.
John and Donald Mclsaacs, two promi
nent citizens of Nlcasio, with a pack of
five hounds were on a buck hunting ex
pedition along the ridges between there
and Tocaloma. Late In the afternoon the
dogs made a start and the hunters were
lucky enough to wound the buck. Ordi
narily, a crippled deer with five hounds
in pursuit is soon brought to bay. This
buck, however, laid his course across
several canyons and over the ridge into
what is known as the Mazza Gulch. The
hounds wero close and followed him into
the gulch.
The hunters made their way across
country to the gulch, luljy expecting to
find the dogs In possession of the deer.
They could h-?ar the hounds baying and
fighting near the creek bottom. When th«
men came to the head of the gulch they
were met by several well-used-up dogs,
while down in the deep gulch the defiant
snarl of great packs of coyotes could be
heard. The coyotes had fought the five
hounds out of the canyon. The two hunt
ters were glad enough to get their dogs
back, and as night was setting in they
bent their way homeward and left the
deer to the coyotes. This is not the first
time that coyotes have run hounds out
of jrulches here this season. Judge Bernard
miller of Nlcasio had a somewhat simi
lar experience about a month ago. Tho
Nleasioltes are planning a grand coyote
hunt, as a measure of protection to deer
and fawns that fall" prey to the beasts.
Alaska's Great Salmon Pack.
SAN DIEGO, Sept 3.— II. M. Kutchlns,
United States special agent for the salmon
fisheries, who has arrived here from his
summer season's work, reports that the
catch of salmon In Alaska thl3 year has
broken all records and will be more than
double that of nil the British Columbia,
Puget Sound and Oregon canneries.
Large Pack of the Wild Animals
Attack and Worst the Dogs
in Hazza Gulch, Over in
Marin County.
COYOTES IN BATTLE
WITH DEEIOUNDS
RAYVI.TXS. Wyo., Sept. 3—Thr M mem
bers of the Rock Springs posse came Into
th* city to-day, having been forced to
quit th<- chase because their horses plaved
out. They state that the trail of the rob
bera was lost Saturday evening, but the
pone hoped to tod It again Sunday
morning. They followed it to a heavilv
timbered district, and believe that thev
were not many hours behind the robbers
Saturday, but were unable to keen th«»
trail. At the start there were but four
in the robbers' party, but a few miles
from the railroad a companion joined
them and the five are still traveling in
company. &
To Improve Santa Maria del Mar
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRirz. Sept. 3.— Improvements
are to be made at Santa Maria del Mar,
the summer resort of the Catholic Ladles'
Aid Society, at this citv The hotel could
not accommodate the guests and hence
a large cottage is to he built for use. An
assembly hall for the holding of a sum
mer school is also to be built. Branch
No. 11 of San Francisco will build a cot
tage, as will Mips Martin of San Fran
cisco and Miss Wilson of Fresno.
Three Members of a Posse Hunting
for Robbers Who Held Up a
Union Pacific Train Aban
don the Chase.
LOSE THE TEAIL
OF WYOMING BANDITS
Pp^clal I>i=r>atch to The Call.
BOISE. Idaho, Sept. 3.— During a hotly
ronteFted School Trustee election, held,
here to-day, an altercation arose between
ex-Shfifff 11. C. Hranstetter and II. B.
Kantman. one of Boise's leading linanclers.
Branstetter drew a revolver and iired one
shot without doing any injury, however.
He was holding the weapon to Eastman's
stomach to shoot again, when the weapon
wits wrested from his. He was arrested.
Thf l.-pue was the retention of Superin
tendent J. \V. Daniels as head of the city
schools. The Daniels faction won. It
was the mr>ta bitterly contested election in
the history of Boise. Women turned out
in swarms, working at the polls and vot
ing, find there wrrc several exciting
scenes.
How Citizens and Citizenesses Vary
the Monotony of a School Elec
tion in the City of
Boise.
WOMEN AND GUNS
MAE THINGS LIVELY
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 3.— The Grand
Council I. D. K. S.. Portuguese Society of
California, convened In this city this
morning and will continue In session for
several days. Prior to the opening of tho
session the delegates marched to the Ca
thedral, where mass was celebrated by-
Rev. Father Soares. The order was or
ganized In 1SS0 and now consists of thirty
two councils with a membership of 1500
persons.
Portuguese Society in Council.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 3.— At a meeting of
th« Anti-Saloon League of this city to consider
tho matter of asking the Board of Supervisors
to submit the local option question to tho
reoole in November it was found that the
petitions which had been circulated for the
purpose of securing signatures had been
signed by only about lfiOO voters. As there
muat be 3600 signatures to the petition to (jet
on the, ticket the association found that it had
a large amount of work to do within the next
few days. The petition must be In at tho
September meeting of the board.
SACRAMKNTO. Sept. 3.— The safe of the
Standard Oil Company In their office In Wash
ington. Yolo County, was blown open this
morninr at about 1:30 o'clock, and the con
tents, the value of which Is not known, were
taken. The company's watchman heard the
resort, but when he arrived at the office
ho found the safe open and the burglars gone.
WILLOWS, Sept. 3.— The sale of stock, farm
ing Implements, etc., of the Olcnn estate be
pap. to-day at nubile auction at Jaclnto. Ev
erything so far has sone cheap. It Is esti
mated that about $300,000 worth of personal
property will be dlsr»os?J of In this manner.
The sale is expected to last several weeks.
WOODLAND. Sept. 3.— rrofeasor R. M.
Grant, who was prostrated with a. partial
stroke of paralysis last Friday, shows slight
Imcrovfinent to-day and his family and phy
sician are hopeful. The stroke was due to tho
rupture of a blood vessel In the hrain.
WINTERS, Sept. 3.— Dr. S. K. Baker, for
many years president of the Bank of Winters,
has resigned that position. M. O. Wyatt, the
secretary, was elected to fill the vacancy and
William Sims was elected to the position of
secretary.
LOS ANCELE3, Sept. 3.— The will of the late
Asabel M. Houph, brother-in-law of Jay Gould
hag been filed for probate. Anna Hough, the
widow, Is named as executrix and residuary
legatee. The value of the estate Is unknown.
WOODLAND, Sept. 3.— It can be definitely
stated that the receipts from the District Fair
are sufficient to cover all disbursements. The
directors did not expect that It would be a
financial success.
I.OS ANGELES, Sept. 3.— The United States
Government hRs nought eighty horses In this
city to be taken to the Philippine!". The aver
age price paid "for the horses was $70.
MODESTO, Sept. 3.— The residence of Mrs J.
B. Hyslop was badly rtntimced by fire last
nl(?ht. Cause unknown. "Loss, $2000; Insurance.
SliWO.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
WOODLAXP, Ropt. 3.— The puhllc schools of
Woodland reopened to-day with a very large
attendance.
He practiced law In San Dlepo from
1SS0 until 1SS5. when he was appointed As
sistant Attorney General of the United
States under A. H. Garland. Attorney
General. At the expiration of his term of
office* he practiced law in the citv of
Washington. He came to this city In
1834 and continued In the practice cf hia
profession up to the time of his death.
He leaves a wife and six children.
Later he established the Occident and
Vanguard.
Passing of One cf the Pioneers of
California, Who Participated in
the First Admission Day-
Exercises.
ZAGH MONTGOMERY'S
LIFE IS AT AN END
Russia's Hew Calendar.
It Is said that Russia Is abnut to adopt a
new calendar. Each year contains 13 months of
twenty-eight day? each, and begins nn Mon
day nnd ends en Saturday. The main feature
of thin cilr-n !.ir is its apparent stability, ami In
this It r»!fmb!ps the sovereign remedy. Ho«
t>"ttei-s Stomach Bitters, whit-h has h-Id an
immovable for half a century. Try It
for indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, ner\
ou«ne«s or Insomnia, but be sure you *et tho
Eerutne.
E:.n Francisco Golfers Hold a Com
pEtition on tiie Presidio
Links.
se member* of the S.in Francisco Oolf
Club took advantage of the holiday to
hold the first tournament that has been
¦ r.'- time on the Presidio links.
I. V' t golfen entered *the contest for the
:;•"¦) bUver medal, over eighteen
I p. i — re play. John Liwson won with
i re of <•;. *S— M, Charles Pape befnt;
: with 47. 51— 9S. The winner will
the mcl.'il until the next regular com
t r ::s possession takes place. The
'core i« r:v< n below:
: ¦-» G'iLF CLUB— LIVERPOOL.
PILVKR MK1UL.
LAWSON CARRIES OFF
THE LIVERPOOL MEDAL
T no time since the Native Sons'
// y. committee took charge of the details
J( the celebration of Admission day
has there been so much activity as
there is at this time. All the committees
are. as It were, putting on the finishing
touches to the several parts of the festi
val under their control. iJecorators are at
work In all parts of the city building
floats and preparing designs to be placed
on the facades of buildings along the line
of march and, from indications, by Fri
day evening sill ¦will be-in readiness to re
ceive the visitors from the interior who,
it is expected, will commence arriving by
the various lints of transportation on the
following morning.
The grand marshal and the parade com
mittee were at work Sunday and yester
day assigning the many organizations
each to a proper place in line. The plan
is. however, subject to chance as it is
the desire of those who have the matter
5n charge to place each organization In its
proper place. There will te either thirty
three or thirty-live . divisions in the pa
rade and more than forty floats. A rule
adopted by the eommiuer is that there
shall be no advertising on the floats or in
the procession and the chief of floats and
his aids have been instructed to turn out
anything that may be in the line of pure
advertising.
One of the features of the parade will be
the two divisions assigned to the Fire De
partment. That is the Exempts. Veter
ans, visiting: aremen from the interior
rnd the paid Tire Department of this city.
There will be in one of the divisions Mis.-?
Grace Kerrell, who will represent the
The decoration on the electric railway
poles whleh will form part of the general
decoration plan wan commenced yester
day. At the top of each pole there will be
a group of special design flags, and it is
probable that an American ilag will bo
added. There will be garlands of ever
greens between each pole.
Hlrsch & Kaiser. Eugene Korn. Kron Tan
nini? Company, Charles Oosllnsky. Bertelln?
Optical Company, O, I?. Uobhlns, Thomas H.
H. Varney. E. H. Meyer & Rros.. Jules Lew
A- Brr.s.. I,. I>inkel<=piel & Sons. Heyneman &
Co.. Meyersteln & Co.. Mer.delson Bros. A A
Son & llros., B. rtelsp & Co., Mandel, Purc>ch
& WViner, HpUiinsr & Wedeles, City Treasurer's
offlre. J. F. Filgazl & Co., Troy laundry Ma
chinery Company. Ashen & Proffe. Traders'
Fire Insurance Company, Georjre P. Ide & Co
Kahn Bros., Klein & Co., Reins Bros & Co
Hadke & Co.. W. H. VanderMice & Co. and
A. A. Andrew*. J20 each.
The finance committee, while It received
a goodly sum yesterday. Is still in need
of more money. The following subscrip
tions have been acknowledged:
San Francisco Parlor will be accompan
ied in the parade by its drum and bugle
corps, which was organized three years
njro simply to participate in this celebra
tion. San Francisco Parlor will also dis
play for the Hrst time its new banner,
said to be one of the handsomest in the
order. The following is tho committee Jn
charge of the parlor headquarters in
Washington Square Hall, corner of Stock
ton nnd Union streets: David Capur.'o,
chairman: K. U Kottmore. vice chairman;
John A. Hf-nnintf. secretary; K. Marlii.
treasurer; Dr. C. A. Glover, W. Collier,
George Ash, William MePherson, James
Henninff, (J. Nathan. V. PerazzI, Thomas
Hearty. Thomas Rooney. J. Nelson. F.
Sa.nsette. C. Weber. I,. Powelson. C Rein
feld. Frank Eckelman and F. V. Sever
ance.
horn, E. G. Williams and Dr. George
Pardee.
Mount Taraalpala and N'lcaslo— Grand Hotel.
Watsonville No. 65— Eugene House, 267 O'Far
rell street.
Rincon No. 73— Pythian Castle.
Stanford Xo. 76— oolden Gate Hall.
Yorba Buena No. fU— iiooms 170, 171, 172 and
173, Palace Hotel.
ISay City No. 114. Tortola Hall. N*. S. G. W.
building, and Nlantlc No. 10C. Cabrlllo Hall, N.
S. G. W. building.
Ramona No. lOOt— Grand Hotel.
Xat'nnal No. IIS— Techau Tavern.
Hesperian No. 137 and Menlo No. 125— Hoover
Hall, Mar'.-.et and Tenth streets.
Alcatraz No. 143— I'nion-srjuare Hall.
Halcyon No. 14«— Alcazar buildlnK.
Hruoklyn No 101— Grand Hotel.
Alcalde No. 154—1136 Market street.
South Son Franrlsco No, 157.
Sequoia No. 1C0— Sara t'jua Hall.
Preclta No. 107— Mozart Hall.
Presidio No. 104— A. O. F. building. 102 O'Far
rell street.
Army and Navy No. 207— Memorial Hall, I.
O. O. F. bulldlnr.
Dolores No. 2uS— City Hall, Fire Commis
sioners' office.
Alta No. 3. N. D. G. W.— Shasta Hall, N. S.
G. W. buildinz.
1a Estrella, N. D. G. W.— Palace Hotel, room
1000.
Baker Parlor— Langham Hotel.
Harry I. Mulcreavy of Olympus Parlor
has been appointed chief of aids.
Oakland Parlor »ill be headed In the
parade by a band of twenty-one pieces
Headquarters have been secured at the
well-known Merchants' Club, corner of
California and Hansom** streets. A ban
fjuot will be held at that place on the
afternoon of September 10. Danclnc will
be the order In the evening of that day.
The parlor committee of arranerempnis
consists of thf» following: II. B. Cushinp
chairman; J. E. McElroy. H. O. Williams.
K. J. Fennon, Rod \V. Church. Herman
Card, Chiirlea A. Bon, Percy Hayselden,
George S. Meredith. H. D. Patterson, J.
H. Henderson, 11. E. Elfen, II. C. SaRe-
Firo Queen. She will stand in a decorated
carriage holding a lighted torch in one
hand and with tho otl.cr a string of rib
bons tit'.i to a number of lire lighters who
aro to draw her carriage.
The grand marshal has received a dis
patch from Stockton announcing that
Grand Orator McNoble will be in this city
to deliver thr> oration at the literary oxer
cist s in Native Sons 1 Hall on the night
of the 10th.
The headquarters of tho various par
lors so far as reported are as follows:
California No. 1— Marie anJ Marble rooms.
Tllaoe Hotel.
Kacramento No. 3— Turner Hall, Z13 Turk
Et! H>t.
irar.vFvllIo. C!:ico and Kainbow— Grand Hotel.
Btocktoo— steamer <v,ref>ran.
Pacific Parlor No. 10— odd Fellows' Hall.
Viynlia No. 1^ — California Hotel.
San Jr:sp Xo. 14. Pain Alto No. 63 nnd Ob
pervatory No. 117— Hotel Lancham, Ellis and
Mason streets.
Tosemlte JJo. 31 and Los Eanos- rtuss House.
Freana No. 25. t.'alifla No. 22. N. L). O. XV..
and I-a Handera No. 110. N. D. O. W'.— Lick
Hmise.
Sonoma County Parlors: Bear Flag No. 37,
Sotoyoma Nn. t6. Santa Ilosa No. 36. Glen Ellen
No. 103, Sonoma No. Ill and Altamont No. 167
—Windsor Hotel.
CSolden Gate— IVna! B'rlth Hall.
¦Wiiodland No. 30— 8t. Nicholas Hotel.
OenTal Whin ami Carqulnez — Emmond
House. 43 Sixth street, comer Mission.
Minion No. 2^— Lyceum Theater." O'Farrell
ft reft.
Alameda No. 47—32 r) - Farr«>!l Mre-et.
Oakland No. DO— Yosemite Hall, N. S. G. W*.
bulldins.
El Dorado No. ES— Red Men"s Hall.
Hydraulic No. 06 and Quartz No. i3 — Califor
nia Hotel.
\s>v Osos No. Cl— N. S. G. "VV. building-, Bal
lK>a Hall.
Piedmont— Central Park.
Nnpa County I'arlnrn: Napa Xo. 62. St.
Helrna. Vallojo mid falistoRa— Hasement of the
Leei,alrrer, JIason and O'Farrell streets.
TOAPD o? OFFiSas or SS^o °SBt NEVADA COUNTY DIVISION IN THE NATIVE SONS' JUBILEE WEEK PARADE WILL BE THE
IX FULL RE GALIA. THE ORDER WAS ESTABLISHED AT NEVADA CITY IN THE FALL
MORGAN * \m> P PARLOR OF NATIVE SONS. THE ORIGINATORS BEING THE LATE GRAND TRUSTEE WILLIAM T.
C VV >1' TPrri ; T r r v iftntnT^ ? ARD CALKINS OF THAT PARLOR. THE RITUAL, OF COURSE. RUNS IN THE "LIGHTER VEIN." BUT IT
?^4^?COMP OS FR WHH F THF^ E r-fvMf r « RAXK W ° RK VIES IN BEAUTY A * D IMPRESSIVENESS WITH THE RAREST GEMS OF THE MT:
W G^ FROLIC. THE OFFICERS OF CAVE NO. 1 ARE AS FOLLOW: E.
JpixSri? SSSS ' GRAXU VICE CL ' KLY BKAR: ED CHAMBER S. GRAND SACRED POLAR; GEORGE CALINAN.
' G VRTHE C RVVn r f^ S n A ,™ L ° YAL KEEPER ° F THE DEN = CHARLES GRISSEL AND F. L. ARBOGAST, GRAND FANNERS; L. A.
OARTHE, GRAND SCRATCHER; D. E. MORGAN, GRAND GRABBER.
President Hill Buys Iron Furnaces.
Seven cf the Sixteen Assailants cf
Cliinaaen Are Released From
the Marin County Jail.
Fr-"<~-al I>iF;>atch ti> The Cail.
BAN BAFAEX* Sept. 3.— Seven of the
o rioters from Novato wero re
¦ ijn the county jail here late this
.•moon by the authorities. They and
o-.hr-rs haul bet n !ie!<J until the ex
• • ¦ "f Chung Font's injuries could be
Last v.ock For.g and four
• •¦ Chinamen nrere made the victims of
an assault by a eanr of Japanese at the
on? ranch ;.t Xovato. Th«» other
oamen arc- recovt ring, and it was to
d thai Fonar Is nearly out of
The seven prisoners released to
red xho authorities that they
l.iil a :=::...;: part i" the trouble.
Number cf Families and Others Ar
rive at Tacoma.
4 -A COMA. Wash.. Sept. 3.— The Oriental
r Victoria arrived in Tacoma this
ftrrnom with eighty-two passengers, a
aj States Consul and family, an Eng- |
Ji:=h customs official, a I'nlted States pjst- i
<>rti<-e official, two clerks, two teachers j
balance missionaries and their I
: .:: ea. The list of missionaries is as
: lows :
ii n-konc— Anna K. Ppeicher and two
children, «*Iara H. Foster and three children.
It iftcbai— Ixmis E. Rops and three
iertmda Thomas and two children.
• Georgia Cornwel!, wife and five!
¦ ur t'urtls. Jenni*- Corbett, 11 ana
!; >eaiv at iict, members of mlsyionarles" fani- ,
sii.-.-. :
¦ -m V'kismj- Emma Patcbett, Xar.cy I
3 ces and San y I'aazba.
RELEASE CF NOVATO'S
JAPANESE RIOTERS
It was announced that all the entries
made provisionally on behalf of the Dol
phin Club are confirmed. E. C. Stenbersr
of tho Ariels withdrew from the senior
shell race and J. Fiokert of the same club
from the Junior skiff event. The course
will be from tho hay wharf, near the foot
of Third street, in a southerly direction to
a point between the head of Long wharf
and the oil dock— three-quarters of a mtlo
out and return. The races will start at
H> o'clock. The Alameda representatives
will wear a pmple headdress, and tho
crews of other clubs will be distinguished
by the colors already announced.
At a meeting of the regatta committee
of the Pacific Rowing" Association, held
last night, the drawing for choice of posi
tions In the seven championship rowins
events to take place on Admission day
was the principal piece of business trans
acted. The drawing resulted as follows:
Senior barge race — Alamedas. first choice;
South Ends, aecond; Pioneers, third. In
the senior shell race T. J. Keenan of the
Dolphins has first choice, W. McCauslaml
of the Arie'.s second, A. W. Pape of tho
Dolphins third. Stanley Adderley of the
Tritons fourth and C. L. Ochs of the Pio
neers fifth. In the junior barge race the
Dolphins drew first choice, the ArieLs sec
end, the Alamedns third, the South End*
fourth and tho Pioneers fifth. In the ju
nior sklfT race E. J. Lynch of the Ariels
has first choice, John Lewis of the Ala
medas -»eeond and M. Cashman of the
South Ends third. In the junior shell race
H. Wilson of the Ariels has first choice
and George McGrlll of the South Ends
seeoad. In the senior skiff race Dr. C. C.
Dennis of the Sftuth Ends has first choice.
W. O. Patch ii f tho Dolphins second. F.
W. Ayers of tho Al.Tmeclas third. C. G.
Avers of th*» Alame^.-" fourth. Stanley
Addc>rley of the TrftffOfl fifth and Charles
Wilson "of the Ariel.^ la*t. In the Inter
mediate barge race, which is the seventh
and last event on tho programme, tho
Ariels hr.ve first choi«« the South Ends
second, t>.e Olympics third, the Alamedas
fourth and th* Pioneers last. It is a
curious coincidence that the Pioneers
drew last choice In every event In which
they are entered. On Wednesday evenlni?
the contestants will announce their choice
of position, so that nothing may be left to
be settled on regatta day.
SCULLERS DRAW FOR
CHOICE OF POSITIONS
In 1TC9 a settlement was founded by
pit neers in the Watauga Vailey in the ex
treme eastern portion of what is now Ten
nessee. Hither as a permanent seuler in
the new land came Robertson in HTL He
had, as I have already suggested, many of
the qualities of greatness and a capacity
for command, lie is Justly described by
one writer as a supple and robust man
"whose blue eyes and the alert habit of
a hunter and whose native air of com
mand attracted notice wherever he went,
and perhaps the weightiest man of all
these trans-Alleghany pioneers." It was
under his leadership that the new com
munity was organized, with written arti
cles of agreement known as tne Articles,
of the Watauga Association. As the pil
grims on board the Mayflower, when they
tound themselves on the New England
shore and out of the jurisdiction 01 the
London Company, within whose territory
they had intended to settle, drew up tne
famous Mayflower compact, so these west
ern colonists In the new country beyond
the mountains entered Into a solemn con
vention for self-government. Meeting to
gether in a sort of primitive folkmote, the
settlers provided for the election of thir
teen Representatives, who in turn chose a
committee of five and intrusted them with
executive and judicial functions. The
scheme was simple and effective, but there
are few facts in American history more
deserving of careful attention than the
easy self-confider.ce with which these
backwoodsmen organized themselves Into
a body politic and entered upon the task
of orderly self-government. It is this ca
pacity for organization, this political In
stinct, which secured the American conti
nent for the Anglo-Saxon race. Among
there men none were learned and some
hpd almost no schooling. Robertson him
self having had even fewer opportunities
than the majority, had just been "learn
ing hln letters and to spell" under the
tutelage of his educated wife. But they
were men of sense r.nd judgment, and they
kntw how to make a stable government
without refe r ence to theories or philo
sophic doctrine.
Robertson's services as a leader of west
ern settlement can hardly be overestimat
ed. A story of his career is a history of
the early life of eastern Tennessee. One
of- his first exploits was to go alone on
a long expedition to the Cherokee country
to persuade the Indians not to begin hos
tilities against the settlers. This deed re
quired great courage, but the masterful
spirit of the man. his utter freedom from
fear and a certain commanding presence
had their influence. He accomplished his
purpose and returned in safety. A few
years later he was present at the battle
of the Great Kanawha, where an army of
backwoodsmen overwhelmed the Indians
under the great Shawnee chieftain. Corn
stalk. This was one of the fiercest and
most bloody battles ever fought in the
West. He commanded the "Watauga fort
in 1776. when it was attacked by the Chero
keos. The Indiana in the attacking party
numbered over 300. Not more than forty
whltes were fit for active service. For
three weeks the siege continued, varied
by midnight attacks and daily assaults,
but the brave little garrison, alert and
watchful, under a leader of resolution, re
sourcefulness and energy, repulsed the
attacks until the savages retreated Only
three years after this Robertson and a
few companions moved farther westward
into the wilderness, founding, near what
was then known as French Lake on the
Cumberland, a little settlement which
grew into the dtv of Nashville.
In some ways the most interesting and
fascinating flpure in Southwestern history
Is John Sevier. A man of education and
with a certain native refinement, courte
ous, handsome, «trong. of charming mien,
bold to the point of absolute recklessness,
loving danger for denger's «ake, or seem
ingly courting it with a light-hearted en
thusiasm f«r excitement, be was the most
famous Indian fighter In a region where
every man was perforce a woodsman. He
was "more brilliant and dashing than Rob
ertson, but had something of the rame
skill In commanding men and curbing tho
rougher spirits of the frontier. He was
one of the early settlers at the Watauga
and a member of the first committee of
thirteen in that assoclat'on. He .was sec
ond In command when the Cherokees at
tacked the settlement and valiantly aided
Robertson In the defense of the fort. He
was ope of the leaders at the battle of
Kings Mountain, where the hardy fron
tiersmen, armed with their clumsy flint
locks, mowed down the British and Tory
troops and showed what a terrible weapon
the long rifle could become In the hands
of unerring marksmen. Returning from
this great victory. Sevier led a band of
riflemen against the Cherokees and de
feated the red men in a series of conflicts.
Again and again In the course of the com
ing years the Indians were beaten back or
overwhelmed In their own country by this
masterful man. He was perhaps the most
successful Indian fighter on the border,
because his followers believed In him and
obeyed him as much as the restless woods-
X.
(Concluded.)
Even to mention all of Boone's advent
ures and hairbreadth escapes in an article
of this kind is impossible. He was pres
ent at the famous battle of the Blue
Licks, the most woeful defeat ever suf
fered by tho Western woodsmen. This
occurred in 17S2, near the end of the revo
lutionary war. The Indians and a party
of British rangers from Detroit had at
tacked a settlement known as Bryan's
Station, but after a serious conflict had
been repulsed and were in retreat. They
were pursued by a much smaller band of
pioneers. Contrary to the advice of Boone
and the cooler i.ea-s in the company, the
little band of whites, urged on by the
reckless bravado of some of their num
ber, crossed the Blue Licks and attacked
the savages on the farther side. Boone
commanded the left wing and did valiant
service; but the frontiersmen were soon
repulsed and driven back through the
stream. Seventy of them were killed and
others taken prisoners. Boone escaped ..y
dint of his customary agility and skill,
dashing through the savages, swimming
the river and making his way back with
unerring accuracy to t.ie settlement.
Boone lived to oe St> years of age, dying
In 1820. He lived to see tne great Western
forests wii.ch he nau traversed disappear
before the advancing- tnrongs of settiers;
he saw Kentucky, 'lennessee, Mississippi,
Alabama, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois ami
Louisiana enter the Union; he who was
almost the Urst white man from the East
ern colonies to penetrate the remote soli
tude of the interior lived to see that
region clotted with thriving cities and vil
lages and peopled by over a million .nhab
itants, witn such marvelous rapidity did
the American people extend tnemselved
over the Mississippi basin and turn thj
wilderness lrifj piowlarui. Ine ditlerence
between French colonization on tne one
hand and English and American coloniza
tion on the other is brought. out oy this
fact: The French, who had explored tne
Mississippi Vauey in the seventeenth cen
tury, hao. in the middle of the eighteenth
only a few thousand men west of the
mountains; Tennessee and Kentucky,
which were first settled Dy the English
just before tne beginning of the revolu
tion, were admitted into tne Union as
self-governing States belore the tnd ot
the century-
As Boone was the best example of a
daring, adventurous woodsman wno loveU
the soutudes of the furest anu toux keen
est pleasure in hunting, so James ilooerl
son and John Sevier can be called tne
best examples or a type of men wno won
distinction as leaders of men and found
ers of the new commonwealths that Jr.
the last century sprang into being in the
Mississippi Valley, .fror success m the.r
great undertakings tney nteaed courage,
wisdom, sound judgment, vigor, constancy
and hope; they needed 10 be tsKimui
woodsmen, for every step was taKen in
the presence of a watchful and dangerous
enemy; above all, they needed the master
lul qualities of leadership whicn enaoic
men to impress themselves on their ioi
lowers. There were an sorts of elements
to be dealt with in this task of Western
settlement— the Indians, wno were for
years Dloodthirsty enemies of the pio
neers; the reckless, degenerate "poor
whites," many of them the offscouring 01
the colonies east of the mountains: the
better class of settlers — men of virile na
ture, sturdy, honest, energetic, but men
who were oiten instinctively averse to fol
lowing the lead of another because of
their own inherent strength and seif-con
ndence.
Sevier s career is connected with th«
foundation of the would-be independent
State of Franklin, which was formed by
the frontiersmen in Tennessee, a territory
then legally a part of North Carolina. Tho
story of the little commonwealth and its
final downfall cannot be told here. Sevier
was for a time Governor of the self-con
stituted State. "When Tennessee was ad
mitted into the Union Sevier was its first
Governor. He was beyond question a fron
tier statesman as well as an Indian fight
er, a leader of men and possessed of a
marked capacity for organization. No
weak or dreamy idpalist could do the
forceful work cf the hordpr. Sevter was
bold, energetic and full of intense vitality
— a fit man to be the founder of the firat
commonwealth established beyond the
mountains, a commonwealth won against
fearful odds by thp bravery and patient
fortitude of the hardy pioneers who were
leading on the march of civilization. Such
deeds are too often parsed over unnoticed
by the writers of American history, as If
the salient fact in our history were not
the marvelous skill and energy with
which a continent has In the course of
hardly more than a century been turned
from barren wilderness into farmland and
peopled with millions of prosperous and
happy people. A. C. MLAUGHLIN*.
University of Michigan.
men could obey any one, because with
marvelous adroitness he adopted the tac
tics of the red men and with superior in
telligence beat them by their own meth
ods, and because he gathered Rbout him
the best and truest men of the frontier.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
DISCOVERERS AND EXPLORERS OF NORTH
AMBRICA.
EXPLORERS OF THE MIDDLE WEST.
SEATTLJ2. Scjit. *.— Joseph F. Svaton
sky, a Russian, probably holds the record
lor slow travel over the treacherous Ed
• xnontoa traiL Klondike passengers of the
Eteamer City of Seattle say that ho
m ached Daw-son August -I, having been
~w> years and three months on the death-
Btrewn Ughway to the Yukon's treasure
land. He left Chicago in the spring of
>:<v HLe declares thai one faces deAtn In
-u ihoupand forms ¦ •!. the Edmonton route.
The winter of ISSjS he passed on l>ead
Inland In the Great Slave l>ake country.
Ha t rapped, hunted and prospected, and
In the spring stampeded to what was de
cliirpd to be a big <;uartz discovery 100
miles off the trail. But the flrsd proved
worthless, toid in May Svaton?ky re
sumed his Journey. He ascended the Peel
and Rat rivers, being several times cap
sized in the wild rapids of these streams.
Once he says he would have drowned but
for the friendly Indians who rescued him.
Crossing the rookies he built a raft ar.d
floated down Salmon River to the Yukon,
where he took a steamer for Dawson.
Several Tines His canoa Capsizes
in the Uapids of Rat and Peel
Hivers, but Red M£n
Rescue Trim.
H>D1A!hS PROVE HIS SAVIORS
For Two Years a Russian
Travels Bone-Strewn
Edmonton Trail.
FACES DEATH
IN A THOUSAND
DREAD FORMS
CAVE OF CURLY BEARS TO BE OPENED
HERE BY NEVADA CITY NATIVE SONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
MISSIONARY REFUGEES.
7
PORT TOwrSCSEJCD. S<-pt. 3.— It is an
¦ • n * i : r t the Pujret Sound Iron Com
bas so],] Its furnaces and othf-r hold
- ¦ ¦' lr'>r:.]uie. at the head of
'i".i-.v:.~. ml Hay. The purchaser l« j
aid to :•• Jam<--s J. Hill of thtr Great i
N- rthi rn Railroad.
Dr. E. L. Perrault has resumed practice
at 33G Sutter St. •
N. S. C. W.
419 Sacramento street. San Francisco.
TrE GABRIEL PRINTING CO.,
and N. D. O. W. Emblematic Cards.
All new and orleinal designs. 100 Cards
tvtth your Name. Parlor and Residence
printed on, 75c. Send for samples.
? O*0*0«0*0*0t'0*0'»0*0»0»0»0f-
fVPCHY 'S HEALTHFUL! f
? €j9 A Natural Mineral "Water *
O K*S\ * i{ h medicinal qualltls*. O
o /^S^ Fo? Indigestion aad °
o 4^«> Stomach DiaarJan. o
? IN SIPHONS ©
I^^isjoj VICHY1
? Get the Genulna o
o a. V1CN1ER. Distributing Azent»
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
Office 1OO4- Market Street,
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
WASH YOUR OWN CLOTHES?
Well, that's your privilege; but when
you see the excellent work we do. and the
low prices we charge for family washing,
the chances are that your next week's
wa.«h will come to us. Needr't send—
we'll call, also deliver on the day w»
promise It. Ask us, by word of mouth,
mail or telephone, what we charge.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts If
you order it. _____
lliyjdiyosni} j; /7/ l 7|Mrs. Aaron Wood.
PORT 'TOWNSEXD. Sept. 3— Mrs.
Aaron Wood, for many years a mission
ary in South Africa, died here to-day
aged 93 years.
Bie Blaze m Spokane
SPOKANE. \Vash.. Sept. 3.— The three-
EtOTT brick l-.uiJtlinfi occupies bv Shaw
Wells Company, dealers in vehicles, a^ri
cuItursJ implements !ind harness, was
putted by lire this afternoon, causing a
loss estimated at SSU/v*) to stock and
$D0u.'» to the building-. The loss is fully
covered by insurance. Tim eompanv will
Bt once rebuild and on arrival of the new
Etock will resume business.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
AIUUVED.
Monday. September S.
Etrr.r Alcazar. Gunderson. 37 hours from Port
Isjm Armeies.
OCEAJS- STEAHEnS
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 3— Stmr State of
KtbrsKka, from Glasgow and Londonderry.
SOUTH AMITON— Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Bar
towo&sa, froa lirwnea. for New York.
HATFIELD WRECK
DUE TO CARELESSNESS
Railway Officials as Yet Unable to
Decide Which of Their Em
ployes Was Responsible.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 3.— It seems to
be the generally accepted conclusion that
the wreck yesterday on the Philadelphia
and Reading Railway at Hatfield. twenty
seven miles from this city, which resulted
in the loss ot thirteen lives and more or
less serious Injuries to lifty-three persons,
was due to negligence or direct disregard
of fcipjnals. While the company will not
be prepared to make any formal state
ment until to-morrow, the principal line
cf Investigation is being drawn about W.
S. Groves, the train dispatcher at Phila
delphia; D. B. Breidier. the operator at
Souderton, two ac4 a half miles from
WINNIPEG, Manitoba. Sept. 3.— Hon. Colonel
McMillan has been appointed to succeed Pat
terson as Lieutenant Governor of the province.
MOUNT STERLING. Ky.. Sept. 3.— Fire to
day destroyed the Onconta Lumber Company's
sawmill and lumber yards at Scranton. Lk>ss,
$60,000.
CHICAGO, S<>pt. 3.— The fourteenth annual
convention of the National Manufacturers' and
Dealers' Protective Association began, here
with seventy-five delegates present.
RICHMOND. Ky.. Sept 3.— Judge French
Tipton. who was shot by Clarence Woods last
Saturday, died to-day. Both men are among
the m»st prominent in Madison County.
LONDON, Sept. 3.— At a meeting of the Liv
erpool Steamship Owners' Association to-day
It was agreed that an increase In the orice of
ctal necessitated an ail-around advance in
freights. .
MANCHESTEPw, England. Sept..3.— The spin
ners using American cotton are, it Is reported
on the exchange, considering the dosing- of
their mills for fourteen days, owing to the
scarcity of cotton^ •
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Box Containing the Body of a Woman
Found in a Carload of Furni
ture at Chicago.
CHICAGO. Sept. 3.— The body of a wo
man shipped by freight in a carload of
furniture arrived here to-day over the
Chicago and Northwestern from Randall,
la. The health authorities took charge of
tne car. The body was that of the wife
of J. R. Johnson of Randall, la, W«i
ing to remove to Chicago at the smallest
cost and bring his wife's body with him.
Mr. Johnson had the body disinterred and
boxed, and then shipped it under the head
of "household goeds." Six days were oc
cupied in transit. _^
Battleships at Bar Harbor.
BAR HARBOR, Me., Sept. 3.— The
United States battleships Texas, Indiana,
Massachusetts, Kearsargo and Kentucky
arrived here at 1 o'clock tc-day and
anchored ln two columns west of the
flagship New York. During the forenoon
a body of Selectmen and the Board of
Trade paid an oflicial visit to Rear Ad
miral N. H. Farr t ul:ar. The visit was im
mediately returned by Admiral. Farquhar,
who also visited Lieutenant General Scho
rteld U. S. A., retired: Rear Admiral Up
«-hur and President Johnstone Livingstone
at the Bar Harbor Reading-room.
CORPSE SHIPPED AS
"HOUSEHOLD" GOODS
hood turned out to hunt him. He was
discovered in ; ho mountains. Frohm shot
at his pursuers, who returned the tire and
riddled him with bullets.
Francis Frohm Found in the Moun
tains and His Body Riddled
With Bullets.
HARR1SBURG, Pa., Sept. 3.— Francis
Frohm, alias St. ! Rohm, alias Joseph,
known as? "Shorty," a desperate criminal,
was shot to death by a party of farmers
to-day in tho vicinity of Elizabeihvllle,
Pa. Frohm and two companions, Frank
Winlski and "Whity" Strusser. an Fri
day nisht shot a man named Str^yer at
Elizabethville, while trying to rob his>
bouse.
Tho next morning Winiski was arrested
at EllzabethvUIa and is now in jail. After
the affair at Strayer's house. Frohm trieel
to rob other houses and held up a farmer,
who escaped. He committed other depre
dations and to-day tho entire neighbor-
CRIMINAL KILLED BY
A PARTY OF FARMERS
Wm Cholker, Suisun
L Probst & wf, N Y
F Gay, San Jose
H B Allison, Toledo
W Chinn. Stockton
Percy Herndon L Ang;
J E Hall, Santa Cruz !
A L Rudd, Naples.N Y
L C Rudd, Naples. NY
Mrs I J Sears, Sacto
Mrs S R Kay, Chicago
Paul J May. Ds Moines
S O Goucher, Iowa
II T Twombly, Iowa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
GRAND HOTEL.
C C Purtrin, Boston I
J W Keyes, lnd
T L Haker. Palo Alto
«> H Luck. Palo Alto
Mrs M L Miles. Colusaj
Miss Miles. Colusa
T J Bailey & w. U A S'
W McDonald, Vallejo !
G K Wilhuit & W. Ktkn i
Mrs J X Victor. B Bdn \
II C Carmen. Palo Alto 1
II T Hardon & niece,]
Oakland !
C Johnston. Cal
G H Stiehl. Cal
F M Brady. Vallejo
\V A Polan. Sacto
O G Hnbbell. L An<j
O Scrivner, Oakland
L It Garrison. Ventura
J C Wray. L Anseles i
C H Ilurke. Wash
C Friedberg. Soledad ,
F Fetreau. Chicago
T H Comerford. Seattle
MIfs L Peacock. Texas
K P Allen. Seattle
J F Jones & w. Or
K E Nixon. Seattle
D F TXn-res. Wis
E K William?. Ikiah
O Bulow. rtffldinK
G T Rolley. Eureka
A Greenwaldt. Humbdt
A .Tariiahl. Eureka
T H Selvage, Eureka
K C Cooler, I-Jureka
J W Ryan. Humboldt
W J McNamee & w,
Humboldt
Mrs T H Teale. KansC
J P Ludwig. Oresron
G W Watkins. Stocktr.
G S Pierce. Fresno
W E Ashe & w. Soled
S H Dc-pue, Petaluma
Mrs M Blffcs Jr & &.
Orovllle
W Jereslaw. Brentwd
E S <,*urtls. Seattle
I>r A HlgKlnH. U S N
M White, ixis Angeles
G J Kennedy. N Y
F I) Chamberlain, Chg
A Sweet. Vlsalla
C L Swislfr. Placervl
C R Sawyer, Boston
H S Johnson. Omaha
Mrs E S Van Cleeck,
Santa Cruz
D A Porter. Salinas
Miss Hughes. In4
Miss E Hushes, lnd
C S Chase. Chicago
U Du Pont Syle. Berk
Mrs L C Cr.e. Palo Alt
D Pattln. Nasa
B Thomas. Delano
C J Pease, Olema
F M Martin, SeDastpl
W II Hammond & w,
Visalla
W Hansen, Pt Arena
C N Wellock. Fortuna
U P Winters, aiversde
L A Aubury, L Ang
C A Storke. S Barbara
F M Chapman. L Aiik
Master Chapman. L An
P P Plumb. Merced
F N Henderson. Mercil
A G Kendall. S Brdno
G T Kendall. S Brdno
R O Moody, N Haven
A E Brock. Redlanda
E W Wooley. Stanford
J C Inc. Sacramento
F Franme Jr. Sissons
G E Moore. r>enver
¦ F E Bradley, Texas
C S Buriress, s Barbra
PALACE HOTEL
H B wood, San Jose
Mrs H B Wood, S Jose
W H Kline, Wash
Chas Kohlmon. N T
Miss A Kohlmou, N Y
Miss Fremlre, London
Mrs Chavanne, London
T S White, Ta
W A Brewer. Cal
S C LI Ills. Cal
Miss Livingston. Oak
Frledlander & wf. Oak
0 Mlchey. IWlIn
T H Green, Aberdeen
Mrs T H Green.AbPrdn
K W Itunyon. H Bluff
H Koch, Hamburg
F S Foote, Michigan
CE Pearsoll&wf.Eurka
W G Goalin, Oregon
H W Keller. Lok Antr
M Schumacher.Chicngo
K W 'Woodcock. Chgo
F J Miller, Chicago
E Chambers, Los Ang
J B Alexander, L Ang
J C White. Boston
Florence Neale, Cal
H Lindlay, Klamath
Mrs W E Griffin.Reno
I K J Planter, New York
Miss Planter, N Y
Mrs G T Gay, Los Aug
Fdk Gay. Los Angr
G B Dexter. S Monica
T H Short, Fresno
C F Scott. New York
PAH Franklin. S Lake
K J Fowler. Cal
J F Parks. Jackson
A H Vlnton, Worcester
U C Vinton. Worcester
G Arnold & *f, Cal
Meredith, Cal
J K Marble, IjOs Ang
J B Treadwell, S Jo&e
A Eull & wf, Cal
Walter Magee &wf.Cal
K P Ames, Providence
C F. Hill, Kansas City
L L Ilailey, Penang
IE C Thlbandier.Yokoha
;Von Krcster, Kiel
I F Herns, Moscow
Wm Harrllnff. China
! Mr&MrsI'Pchatnoff Cna
I Mrs Marsh, japan
. O D Hampson, Japan
: It II HampKon, Japan
I Mrs A Glllmour, Japan
I J Freibenf&wf.Toledo
[Miss E Waring. Oak
Q T Gay, Los Ang
T Flint .Jr. San Juan
H0TEL ARRIVALS.
Officers Chosen at the Encampment
at New York.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— The fifteenth an
nual encampment of the National Com
mandery of the United States Regular
Army and Navy Veterans was held to
day in this city.
Following a short address from Nation
al Commander Colonel N. N. Hyde of
Pottsville. Tenn., reports were read of the
general commanders and a standing com
mittee and officers were elected as fol
lows: National Commander, W. A. E.
Mori is, New York; vice commander, H.
R. Slater; national adjutant. William
Szillat; national quartermaster. George
App; national inspector, Hugh Reich;
national Judge advocate, B. B. Hyde;
national chaplain, Marks Graff; national
trustees— Joseph B. Baldwin, Thomas
Shelly and Julius Beyer. , ;.- .- r *.-
+ "Valda," , the sensational +
+- story of court life at Peking, -f
¦f begins in next Sunday's Call,
X 'September 9. +
O+±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±9.
NATIONAL COMMANDERY.
Accident Not Due to the Fault of the
Commander or Any Officer of
( ' the Vessel.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— The Navy De
partment has Just received by mail th©
official report of Captain Wilde of the
battleship Oregon of the circumstances
attending the grounding of that ship in
the Gulf of Pechili last June and her suc
cessful salvage. The report goes to con
firm the department's previously express
ed conviction that the grounding was not
in any respect attributable to fault on the
part of Captain Wilde, who, in fact, ap
pears to have exercised extraordinary
precautions to guard against the acci
dent. Nor was any other officer to blame.
The repairs have been completed and the
Oregon arrived yesterday at Woosung,
where she is to form one of the interna
tional fleet to guard the transport service
during the existence of the Chinese trou
bles.
CAPTAIN WILDE ON THE
GROUNDING OF OREGON
Germans Say It Shows Criminal Neg
ligence on Part of British.
Authorities.
GLASGOW. Sept. 3.— The area infected
with bubonic plague has spread to Go
van, on the left bank of the Clyde. A boy
died there Saturday, and to-day the medi
cal authorities certified that he was a
victim of the disease. Three additional
suspected cases of the plague have been
reported in this city.
BERLIN, Sept. 3.— The presence of the
bubonic plague at Glasgow is commented
upon here indignantly, as going 1 to show
criminal neKllRence on the part of the
British authorities.
VIENNA, Sept. 3.— On account of the
breaking out of the bubonic plague at
Glasgow the Austro-Hungarian Govern
ment has ordered a medical examination
of all ships arriving from English ports.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3.— Health Officer
Doty, who boarded the City of Rome,
from Glasgow, to-day, found no traces of
bubonic plague. Dr. Doty said: We
found no sickness on board and I am sat
isfied that no one on the ship is infected.
The ship's passenger list is made ii" nl
most exclusively of Americans, who have
been traveling in Europe for the past
month or two."
SPREAD OF BUfiONIC
PLAGUE AT GLASGOW
— 1 •
Postal Clerks to Meet.
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J.. Sept. 3.— The
first national convention of the reunited
Postoffice Clerks' Association, embracing
in its membership 10.000 of the total of
1."».000 cierks in the postoflice service of the
1'nited States and its possessions, met
here to-day. Th*>re were 10) delegates
present. The question of supporting a
law classifying clerks as in other divi
sions of the service will be one of the
features for discussion by the convention.
BATH. Me.. Sept. 3.— Arthur Sewall.
Democratic candidate for Vice President
in lS3fi, is in a critical condition at his
summer home at Small Point, sixteen
miles from this city. Mr. Sewall was»
seized with an attack of apoplexy at 10
o'clock last night and has been uncon
scious most of the time since then.
Mr. Sewall's condition was unchanged
at midnight. He had not regained con
sciousness and it was stated by the phy
sicians that there was absolutely no hope
for his recovery. His death is expected
at any moment and he probably will not
come out of the stupor in which he has
lain since stricken. The family is about
the bedside awaiting the end.
ARTHUR SEWALL IS
DYING IN MAINE
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 3.— Leonard Hill of
Newman, Stanislaus County, who has
been in Santa Cruz for a year past tor his
health, died this morning-. He was 53
years of age and a native of England. The
body will be shipped to Newman for in
terment. fS.I'v-
Leonard Hill.
Facial IMspatch to The Call
In 1SS7 he moved to Wichita. Kans.. and
engaged in commercial pursuits. He
gained much re-putation as a public speak
er and u reformer in politics and in 1SS3
v.;:s the unsuccessful candidate, for the
l.ib^ral nomination as Secretary of State.
In 1S32 ho was nominateu and elected
Governor of Kansas by the Democrats
and Populists and was again nominated
in 1834 by the latter party, but as the
Democrats had a candidate of their own
E. N. Morrill. the Repub.»can candidate
was elected in the tidal wave that carried
the State for that party. After that time
Mr. Lewelling took but little active part
in politics.
Lorenzo D. Lewelling was born in Sa
lem. Henry County Iowa, December 21,
1S40. His father, who was a minister of
the Society of Friends, and his mother
died when he was quite young and he had
bis own way to make from the start. He
worked for the farmers and attended
school during the winter until he was lti
years old. when he started to work as a
laborer on a railroad. Then he went witn
the I'nited States quartermaster's depart
ment as a cattle driver in Tennessee. He
joined a bridge building corps at Chatta
nooga until he was mustered out in 1S65.
In that year he taught a negro school at
Mexico. Mo., and then attended a busi
ness college at Poughkeeprle. X. Y. Find
ing no opening in commercial life when
he left the college he drove u. team on the
Erie canal for a time and later worked
as a carpenter at Toledo, Ohio, and as a
section hand on the railroad. Returning
to Iowa he worked as a bridge builder
and soon after entered Whittior College,
where he studied and taught until he
graduated. He taught in the Iowa Re
form School aud was made assistant su
perintendent. In 1VT0 he resigned, went
to farming and also started the- Salem
Register. The same jrear he- married and
in 1S72 took charge of the girls' depart
ment of the State Reform henool. Where
he continued for fifteen years.
He took a leading part i:i the national
conference of charities and for some
years was a member and president of th<?
Iowa State Normal School Board. In 1SS0
he started the Des Moines Capital, a Re
publican paper, which he edited for two
years, when he returned to the charge of
the reform school.
WICHITA. Kans.. Sept. 3.— Ex-Governor
Lewelling died very suddenly and unex
pectedly of heart failure at Arkansas,
Kans., at 10 o'clock to-night.
LORENZO D. LEWELLING,
EX-GOVERNOR OF KANSAS
The Day's Dead
Mr. Sweigard also indicated that the
train dispatcher Groves made some effort
to hold the train up before it reached
Souderton, but said that it was yet to be
learned whether it was because of his
neglect or bad wires due to a heavy fog
prevailed at the time that the train was
not stopped.
According to James Benner. flagman at
Sorderton station, the milk train passed
that station on time and followed the rule
of the company, which requires any train
coming after another within live minutes
to be .stopped, he placed a red flag between
the tracks. In three minutes the excur
sion train came thundering along with
.Davis at the throttle, and making forty
miles an hour. Davis made no effort to
Mop and waved Benner to one side. The
latter had only time to secure his flag
and spring out of danger as the train
swept by. Looking upward, he saw that
Botdler had a clear signal set. Beidler,
when questioned, said he had received no
orders to stop the train. This would seem
to conflict with a statement made by-
General Superintendent Sweigard that ail
agents must stop a train, orders or no
orders, if there is five minutes time or less
between them.
Hat field, and John Davis, engineer of the
colliding excursion train, who is dying in
a hospital at Bethlehem.
NEW TORK.Sept. 3.— Georgre Gould's
famous yacht Atlanta, converted
into an armed cruiser, or provided
with rapid-fire guns of the latest
pattern, will leave this port at an
early date bound upon a mission about
which the representatives of the Colom
bian republic, to which she belongs, main
tain secrecy. Information brought by
travelers returning from Central America
indicates that the I'nlted States of Colom
bia, having suppressed a recent rebellion
of unt'sually sanguinary character, is de
termined to call Venezuela to account for
permitting the rebels to organize there
and cross the line into Colombia.
The. Atlanta, noted for her speed, was
purchased under special instructions from
the Colombian Government on July 20.
Since that time the yacht, which was built
for Jay Gould, has been undergoing a
quiet transformation in the Erie Basin.
From a luxurious pleasure craft she has
been changed into a war vessel. Her
armair.ent consists of six machine puns
and a rapid-fire -4.7-lr.ch rifle mounted for
ward. The day of tho Atlanta's departure
and her destination are diplomatic secrets.
According to trustworthy advices from
Colombia there is a strong popular feeliiiK
ag-ainst Venezuela as the result "if the re
cent internal struggle. Charges are openly
made that Venezuela Instigated tho rebel
lion and gave comfort to the enemies ot
Colombia. It is asserted that at least 12u0
of the rebels crossed the line from Vene
zuela into Colombian territory and that in
Although the revolution in Colombia has
been put down the standing army, said to
number G000, is kept up, and there is no
talk of disbanding it.
All those incidents have combined to an-
Ker the Colombian Government and popu
lace against Venezuela. Besides heavy
money indemnity an apology and guaran
tee for tho future will probably be asked.
Venezuelans .say that these demands will
be refused and that if they are insisted
upon war will probably result between
the two countries. Representatives 01
both countries have recently purchased
arms and ammunition in large quantities
in this countrv. Colombia has just or
dered 12.000 new Remington rifles, tiring
small bullets, similar to the Spanish
Mauser. The guns arc light and carry
sword bayonets.
VenezuelH will also be asked to surren
der General Sarmiento and his followers,
together with two punboats captured in a
Venezuelan port. General Sarmiento and
members cf the crows of the two vessels
were thrown into prison in Caracas and
their t-hipn .confiscated, as the. rebellion
had been suppressed in Colombia. Those
enemies of Colombia arc. it is said, about
to bo set free by President Castro.
When Colombia is ready it is said that
shp will ask indemnity from Venezuela of
$5000 for each of the 500 soldiers killed, or
$2.5O0.oon in all. Additional claims may h<
made for property destroyed and also for
the cost of suppressing the rebels whom
Venezuela permitted to cross her border.
the flshtinp that ensued 500 Governmen'
troops were killed by the invaders. Th<
total losses durirg the war are placed a
12.000.
GEORGE GOULDS FAMOUS YACHT ATLANTA. WHICH HAS BEEN
CONVERTED INTO AN AKllED -CRUISER FOR THE COLOMBIAN
GOVERNMENT.
LITTLB ROCK. Ark.. Sept. ;.-The
entire Democratic State tickn headed by
lion. JeffL-isou Davis of Pope County for
Governor, wj.s «-;.-<*t*-<l i:: Arkansas to-day
Larly rr-turns indicate ilm the vole will
be lighter than was expected. H. L.
RexoxneL the Republican candidate for
Governor, made a good 5howing and his
increased vote over two years ago will
probably rr-uuee the usually large Demo
cratic majority. There was ro opposition
to the Democratic ti<-ket for any office
except the Governorship.
DEMOCRATS THE
VICTORS IN ARKANSAS
Hon.. Frank Peak spoke for the Demo
crats ir. the Circuit Court room. Several
thousand people congregated at Fountain
Park to li.ar the address by Mr. Yerkes
One of the largest crowds ever In the
dty attended the political meeting held
here to-day.
BOWLING GREEN, Ky.. Sept. 3.— Hon.
John W. Yerkes. the Republican candi
date foi Governor, arrived to-dav. accom
panied by George W. I>ong. secretary of
the Republican i^tate Committee. Captain
A. D. James. United States Marshal of
Kentucky, and Senator Kirk. Wednesday
Mr. Yerkes will begin a tour of the min
ing Ffection of Southern Kentucky, mak
ing twenty-minute speeches from the rear
of a ¦pedal train, beginning at Lewis
burg. Logan County.
YERKES TO MAKE A
TOUR OF KENTUCKY
HENDERSON. Kv.. Sept. 3.-Ther© was
a very lan;<- crowd hrrc- to-day to hear
Governor beckhamj «-x-Congre*=-=man Mc-
Creary and others jit the formal opening
of the Democratic campaign in Kentucky.
This was the banner Democratic district
for Governor Goebel last November and a
rousing reception was given Governor
Bcclcman. who was the rurtning mate of
Goebel and is now his successor. Mc-
Creary. who is chairman of the Demo
cratic Slate Committee and a candidate
for United States Senator, was also well
received.
Afirr th^ speeches by Governor Beck
ham ar.d ex-Governor McCreary in the
afternoon \hQre was a reception to the
Governor, who to-night reviewed one of
the largest torchlight processions ever
trt-r. irt this part of th^ State. Over 2*X)
m< n were in line.
DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGN
OPENED IN KENTUCKY
SARATOGA; N. V.. Sept. S.-~The meet
ing of the State committee of the Republi
can party to-night brought forth no de
velopment not already known. The selec
tion of a temporary chairman was a mere
formality and in fact the Fessions of the
convention to-morrow and Wednesday will
be formal. The almost forced consent of
Mr. Wo<«iruff to take the second place on
the ticket disposes of any contest for
oflice. The gavel wijl be wielded and the
convention called to order by the man who
will later be nominated for Governor, B.
U. Odcll Jr.. chairman of the State oom
mittee. In turn Mr. Od«ll will transfer
th»- pavf] to Lieutenant Governor Timothy
Wood ruff, who will act as temporary
chr.irrr.an of :he convention that will later
nominate him for tl.e third time for Lieu
tenant Governor. At the close of the con
vention the Governor of the State of New
Y. rk. a candidate on the national ticket,
v. ill open the campaign in New York State
with a Fpcech.
REPUBLICANS IN
SESSION AT SARATOGA
CAI/T, BUREAU, WELLINGTON'
HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.
— Whether the Kentucky l^frisla
ture enacts a fair election law or
r. -t. the Republican National Com
rriiitro has determined upon a course that
will insure a fair count of the returns of
the election in November. The statement
has boon made within the past few days
r^y an official of the National Committee
that sufficient numbers of I'nited States
Deputy Marshals will be distributed over
-.he iS.ato at various polling places to
prevent any intimidation of voters and
to Bee that ballots are counted as they
a*-p r.ipt. Merr.bcrs of the committee re
port that the Republicans aro certain to
«-loct John \V. Yerks as Governor, and
thai if they can make the count fairly
'. he- Fiate will give its electoral vole to
President MrKinley.
Senator Joe C. S. Blarkbum. who ar
rived ht-re to-day, says ho has hocn aware i
of the j»lan for some time, ar.d charao- :
terizes 't as a brazen auempt to steal the ]
electoral vote of Kentucky. The State j
being naturally Democratic, according to j
his v-ow. and the election law about to!
r»» enacted being manifestly fair and im- j
partial, there can be no other Interpret*- 1
tion than that it is to he a cas.> of steal.
He af!-< rts thmX h*» has warned Democrats |
"f the desiena of the Republican commit- i
tee. ard that he will return to Kentucky
in .i few «lays in ord*r to be present at j
ihe opening <>f the campaign, so that the i
Democrats will be certain to take steps
to exploit thoroughly the danger impend
ing. According to Senator Blarkburn, the
Democrats of West Virginia. Maryland
end Missouri will have a similar condi
tion to face. He points to the fact that
v'or.frrossionaJ elections will be held inci
dentally with the great election which |
inakf? the plan of the Republican man- j
asen possible and feasible. The Demo- |
.¦ran; will resent and tight to the last j
riitch. be says, any attempt to steaJ the
? lection, and so far as Kentucky is con- j
< erned n<» one need fear the presence of i
United States Marshals on election day.!
as th<:r presence will b«» fully shown up
before the «.th of November.
The official who made this statement
roparding Kentucky denies that the com
mittee will take similar precautions in
any uthcr State, unless it should appear
that <'onditions exist elsewhere which on
the face are hostile and inimicable to a
fair coiint of t/.« votes cast. Browbeat
ing and intimldatitn in any quarter will
l>f* resisted :*.r.d solely in the interest of
protection and fairness. Owing to the un
pettled conditions 'n the Blue Grass State.
it has been definitely settled that in order
to cnxe into ilieir own some one must be
\be\p with official authority to see that
the ballots are returned as cast.
F-erial r>!rrntrh tn The Call
Party Leaders State Positively That
if a Fair Count Is Hade
Yerhs Will Be Elected
Governor.
REPUBLICANS CONFIDENT
United States Deputy Mar
shals to Be Stationed at
Polling Places.
WILL GUARD
BALLOT BOXES
IN KENTUCKY
MAZBRU, Basutoland, Sept. 3.—
Commandos tinder Foureil. Gro
belaar, Bemmer and Hassebrock,
together with 200 of Theron's
scouts, are investing the British
garrison at I.adybrand.
It is rumored that the troops have al
ready burned their stores, and it is feared
that they will be compelled to surrender.
General Hunter is hastening to their
relief.
PRETORIA. Sept. 3.— General Baden-
Powell started for Cape Town Saturday.
LONDON, Sept. 3.— Under date of Bel
fast. September 2, Lord Roberts reports:
'"1 have to-day issued under her Maj
esty's warrant of July 4 proclamations
announcing that the Transvaal will hence
forth form a part of her Majesty's do
minions."
CAPETOWN. Sept. 3.— The communica
tion to the Assembly of Lord Roberts'
proclamation announcing the annexation
of the South African Republic, which will
hereafter be known as the Transvaal, was
greeted by the Opposition with silence and
by the Ministerialists with prolonged
cheering.
Boers at St. Helena.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3.-The British
steamship Masconomo, which has just
arrived from South Africa, touched at
St. Helena for repairs. Captain Mann was
permitted to visit the Boer prisoners on
the island. He rode up the five-mile
winding road to the top of Rupert Hill,
in Deadwood Plain, where he found the
prison pen of General Cronje's 2000 men.
The Boer captives are confined within a
barbed-wire inclosure a quarter of a mile
square. Twelve feet from the fence on
all sides is a second trocha like the first.
It is death for a Boer private to cross
the line of the inner pen. One Boer was
shot by a sentinel for doing this. The
British soldier was then tried and ac
quitted by a court-martial.
"While the British soldiers sleep 'thir
teen men in a tent." said Captain Mann,
"the Boers sleep only ten men in a tent.
In order to afford them all the room pos
sible the British have allowed the Boers
to cut bamboos for shack?. These bam
boo frames the Boers have ingeniously
covered with canvas and with slabs of
tin. The tin they obtained in a curious
way. There were on the island a great
many parailine cans, which the Boers
carefully flattened out for tin sides and
roofs to their shacks.
Prisoners Well Treated.
Some of the prisoners aro permitted to
work for the farmers on the island, and
therehy earn a little money. There were
many men 70 years old, and just as many
others 15. 16 and 17.
"The officers with whom I conversed
spoke both Dutch and English. The pri
vates seemed rather a stupid lot. They
have the same fare as the British soldiers.
1 conversed with Colonel Schiel. the Ger
man officer who fought with the Boers.
He was very cantankerous still.
"Commandant Roose, the Boer officer
who captured Winston Churchill, told me
that he thought the game was up and
his people ought to stop fighting. The
Boer officers are allowed to do pretty
much as thev please and their names are
posted at the St. Helena Club. The Brit
ish officers entertain them at afternoon
teas and General Cronje is practically the
steady guest of the Governor.
"A cable now runs to the island from
South Africa and the bulletins from the
seat of war are frequently struck off and
sold to the prisoners at a penny apiece.
A Dutch ship anchored while I was there,
but was requested to leave and did so.
The British were afraid some of the Boers
would get away on their cousins' ship."
Although Lord Boberts Has Annexed
the South African Republic,
the Fighting Is Not
Ended.
RELIEF IS BEING HURRIED
INVESTING
A BRITISH
GARRISON
Four Boer Commandos Are
Boldly Closing In on
Ladybrand.
COLOMBIA IS GETTING
READY TO WAGE WAR UPON
HER NEIGHBOR, VENEZUELA
Urges That Immediate Steps Be
Taken to Preserve the Giants of
the Forest From the
Woodsman's Ax.
»
WASHINGTON. Sept. 3.-The Depart
ment of Agriculture has issued a report
on investigations of the big trees of Cal
ifornia, that brings out some interesting
new conclusions. It shows that the di
mensions of the larger trees are unequal
ed; that their age makes them the oldest
living things. They are described by the
report as "the grandest, -largest, oldest
and most majestically graceful of trees,
and the scarcest of known trees, with the
extreme scientific value of being the best
living representatives of a former geo
logical age."
The report says theubark of the big trees
often is two feet thick and almost non
combustible. "The oldest specimens fell
ed," it says, "are still sounn at heart and
fungus is an enemy unknown to it. let
the big trees apparently have not in
creaseit their range since the glacial
epoch. They have only just managed to
hold their own on the little slip of country
where the climate is locally favorable."
Continuing the report says: "The only
grove now thoroughly safe from destruc
tion is the Mariposa; and this is far from
being the most interesting. Most of the
other groves are either in process of or in
danger of being logged. The very finest
of all, the Calavcras grove, with the big
gest and tallest trees, the most uncon
taminated .surroundings and practically
all tho literary and scientific associations
of the species could with it be purchased
easily ot a lumberman who came into full
possession on April 1. The Sequoia and
General Grant national parks, which are
supposed to embrace and to give secur
ity to a large part of the big trees, are
oaten into by a sawmill each, and the pri
vate timber claims amount to a total
of 1173 acres.
"The rtst of the scanty patches of big
trees in Calaveras, Tuolumne and Tulare
counties are now disappearing — by the
ax. In brief, the majority of big trees of
California are owned by people who have
every right and in many cases every in
tention to cut them into lumber."
The most recent investigations, accord
ing to the report, confirms the estimates
that thtse giant trees have probably lived
5U00 years or more, though few of even the
larger trees are more than half as old.
The average rate of growth is estimated
at one inch of diameter for every twelve
years. The report also corroborates the
statements of one authority who pays that
one tree on which he counted 4000 rings
was undoubtedly in its prime, "swaying
in the Sierra winds when Christ walked
the earth,"
The report states among other things,
as the result of official Investigations:
"The only place in the world where the
big trees exists is in ten isolated groves
on the west slope of the Sierra Nevada
Mountains. The species, however, repre
sent a surviving prehistorical genus of
trees once growing widely over the globe.
The southern groves show some reproduc
tion, through which there is hope of per
petuating these groves. In the northern
groves the species hardly holds its own.
No Definite Conclusion Reached ir
Regard to the Handling
of United States
Troops.
— • —
DENVER. Sept. 3.— A special to the
Republican from Glenwood Springs, Colo.,
says: According to all reports, the
Transcontinental Passenger Association 1m
now an assured fact. The general pas
senger agents who have been in session
here since last Thursday morning con
cluded their labors this afternoon, and
the results thereof go to the presidents
and managers of the respective lines, who
TL l J.? eet ln ** ew York City September
18. There appears to be no doubt ln the
minds of the agents that their work, will
be ratified by their superior officers.
The scope of the organization covers all
passenger traffic west of the Missouri
River destined to California points only.
The business to the northern coast points
i.i no L , coy ered by the association,
although it is believed that the railroad
lines leading to the north will later come
Into the organization. None of these lines
were represented at this meeting.
The question of the handling of troops
will remain in statu quo for a time at
least. No definite conclusion was arrived
at concerning this point, which has occu
pied more time and attention than all tha
others combined. The leaving of the mili
tary matter in this shape is due to trie
continued and persistent opposition of th"
Santa Fe.
The next meeting of the passenger
agents will be held in Chicago some time
during October. Meanwhile the execu
tive committee, consisting of K. C
Cormick of the Southern Pacific, E L
Iximax of the Union Pacific. John Sebas
tian of the Rock Island. Chairman Mc-
I.eod and Secretary T. Thompson of the
estern Passenger Association will have
charge of such work as can be done. The
association will not become operative
until after the meeting in October. The
association will be an independent one.
and the officers thereof will be chosen at
the Chicago meeting. October 14. In the
committee the vote stood: For perma
nent headquarters — Denver. 6- Si
Louis. 1.
Report Issued by the
Department of Agri
cullnre.
STRONG PLEA
FOR BIG TREES
OF CALIFORNIA
CONFERENCE OF
RAILWAY MEN
IS SUCCESSFUL
Transcontinental Passenger
Association Now an
Assured Fact
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1900.
Mrs. P. H. Leslie.
HELENA. Mont.. Sept. 3.— Mrs. P. II.
Leslie died to-day at an advanced age.
She was the wife of Governor Leslie, who
had the unique distinction of being Gov
ernor of two States, Kentucky and Mon
tana, and who survives his wife at the
age of S3 years.
Andrew Cornwall.
U'ATERTOWX, N. Y.. Sept. 3.— Andrew
Cornwall of Alexandria Bay. who with his
partner. J. F. Walton, founded the Thou
sand Islands as a summer resort. Is dead,
aged S7 years. He was a candidate for
Congress In 1S63.
8
NEARLY 8000 DEATHS
FROM CHOLERA IN INDIA
DURING ONE WEEK
BOMBAY, Sept. 3.— Official returns show that
there were 7969 deaths From cholera in the
native and British states during the week ending
August 25. The number oF relieF works are de
creasing and the numberreceiving gratuitous relieF
are increasing.
A Boston fire insurance company recent-
ly made an interesting investigation to dis-
cover if possible whether there is any rea-
son for the popular belief that rats ana
mice set fires by gnawing matches. The
experiment covered a period of three
months. Kats and mice, singly or several
at a time, wero confined ln large Iron
cages containing matches of various kinds
and cotton waste. The mice, no matter
how hungry they were, never gnawed the
matches, but the rats set several fires, the
sulphur matches being in each case the In-
strument. '
A return shows that during 1S99 41,232
natives emigrated from Ireland, nearly
$00 more than the preceding year.
Cigarettes are smoked almost exclusive-
ly in Germany, Austria, Russia and
Greece, and generally throughout Europe.
But a Square Deal-
Is what you are after. Odds and ends
are all right, but if you cannot set your
feet Into them, what grood are thev?
Xow, we are gelling cheaper than any
store in this city. We have regular
lines, neat and nobby styles, but we sell
them cheap. That is the secret of our
success. For this week LADIES' VH'I
KID LACE SHOES, embroidered TCSt-
•ng tops, new coin toes and kid tips, will
S^^hrcl^inir'E 1 . PaIr " S12M 3 '> <°
RUPTURE CORED.
When we aay "rupture cured" «
for It Js a fact that chirlnff Jfce P«»t 2^??"
DR. PIERCE-S MAGNETIC tt^\>^™\*®
I has CL'RKD thousands of «-«<¦?• N;^- n^^f
! like It. Best retainer made. K doe* * he ..Sh£-
|lnvestlsate for yourself. ICTi a.l tor Bo^k-
| let No. I. 1 ' or send 2 cents ui stamps, .u-
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
C2O Market Street. San Francisco
Or 1145 Broadway. New lork City.
Nothing for Nothing
vis:? OR- JORDAN'S great d
SliSEBS Of aptCMVi;
Cfe i:n KASsrr sr. tat. e^*7ti, cy.ca A
QF The Largest Anatomical Musecm in the \
' ji>-^ VoFld. We»iae-:5<»» ot «.ny contracted n
%?*O disease p*>nl t : vr ! y earad : .>• the oldest V
rfi"* V.?B s r- cu: -" : ' tc -» t!lt - CoaM. EaL 36 years. 'j
&&*&& CS- ja33Ai*-?HJ?AT£ CiSZAScS 6
P^y«^ir Consultation f: m t B:.d strictly prirate. \
U xS*^i Fi '^" K:ne:it pefson*"y or by letter. A £i
[\ (f (\ \t J"ot.tit: Curs in every case uatlemken.
*} it I • Vt> w rite for ?¦¦--. PSILOSO ray •>* , V
t f 1 ¦• aAnaUvK. mnas j.iaa. « a T
ft (I, valuable booh for niru) I
tiZt. JUBDAS & CO.. 1051 Maritet Sfc.S. F. f
Sen'l for free circular and testimo-itals.
Address Pavol Medicine Co.. i* Kills st.. Pan
Francisco. Cal.. Grant Drug Co.. 33 & V) Third st.
nishr. OupMen« cleanses thi
liver, the kidneys ancl the urinary OTgasa of a'.l
impuritlei". Cu;>iiene strensthena anl restores
small weak organs.
The reason sufferers are not cured hy Do»-ror*
la because i»> per cent are troubled with Pros-
tratltis. Cupidone the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. oOOO testimonials.
A written guarantee piven and ironey re-
turne«i If 6 boxes do not effect a oermaner.t
cure. $1.00 a box. fi boxes for $5.0<>. by ina;!.
Vltallzer. th© prescription of .
,,.¦ ..)_.,. famous French physit:ian. will
<J£7-v^M^?*j£ quickly cure you ..;¦ a': : -
K£&tj$2r£?t]IE vous or diseases of the genera-
tifor £&*&**'+> tiv- organs, such as Lost M in-
\$'!2S3^-* riL? hood. Innomnia, I'alna In :l <
#£/* ** ftti Tack, Nerroui Debility. Plm-
ufal JnjfM V ies - Exhaustins Dratos, Vari-
Vovv eocele and -onst!yatir,n. it
p * utoua ji.ll los^ea bv day or
MANHOOD RESTORED fgg^Sf^^
DR. AAtYERS&CO.|^
Specialists J;
Diseases and |
&W « Weakne^ cf I
*0Z 9 Men. Estib- {
M | 13lleJ l881 .- I
y^W x^ff \^Y Largest msti- f
\!i&'>i \ -^ffli tution, most j,
tice. Consul- »
//t^*W t.Ttion frer. tM
Hours, 8 ta 5. V
7 to 8; Sun- i
V';. r *\" * days 9 to it. |.
731 MarKet St.. San Francisco, t
,723 Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN" OFFICE rORTLAXD. OT*.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
New York Oenta! Parlors,
Tliece are the only dental parlors tn ?in
Francisco ha^in? PATENTED APPLIANCE:*
and Ingredients to extract, fit! and apply. KM !
crown? ami porcelain crowns unrtetectable'fr :~i
nafiral teeth, an'l warrar.te'l for ten yeai's
WITHOUT THE LKA.ST PAIN. FuU set of
tffth. ?."•: a perfect fit mmranteed or no i'nv.
Gold crown:'. J". Co!d fillines. ji. - • •••^ P flu.
justs. lOv. AM work done by GRADUATE DKN'-
TISTS of from 12 to :.•<> years- experience, ami
each department in char?- of a specialist. Olv*
us a call, and you will ftni us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will teH yn u In arJva»v*<»
exactly whnt your work will cost by a FUEI3
EXAMINATION.
No More Dread of the Dental Chair
TKETK EXTRACTED AND KILLED A
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our l.i'S^
scientific ir.ethovl applied to the gums. N»
sleop-rroducirK agf-nt or cocaine.
TLev abe Ttieve Distress frora DyspepeS,
todigestien jjjjl Too Hearty Eating. A per*
ted remwly tat Dizziness, Nausea, Drov J.
ness, Bad Taste la Use ftT""Th, Coatea Ta&joe
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER- Thsy
Rotate the tiowsts. Purely Vegetable.
StnaU Pin, Small Dosa a
rocittvely cared Oy C&flSO
JUttle Pills.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I .,^ A !?3 ES " v VICI K1D OXFORD TIE3.
with silk embroidered vesting tops, nar-
row coin toes , and ttos, hand turned
. t?, a -"2 Kt »tehed Krench heels, reduced
to s*l.«,o a pair. Sizes 4 to VA. widths
Gloria Shoes $3.50
For ladles. All styles, in kid. patent
leather or box calf, turned or welted
soles.
J0 Third St., San Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
B, KATCHINSKI,
DR. BALL'S RElNYIGORATGRp^Jj
Five hundred reward for any sJSS^^p^ I
remedy stops all losses In S4 hours. £}
cures Emissions. Impotrncy. Varl- Kr%M T~*
cocele, Gororrhcea. Gleet. Fits, f^ffl f,r,}
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all £&*! li« ¦'
wasting effects cf self-abuse i,r ftvSy__L-
presses. Sent sealed. S3 bottle: 3 l-'-yK.
bottles, J3: jruaranteod ta cure ar.v case. AJ-
dress HALLS MEDICAL 1NSTITUTK. ff
Bread* ay, Oakland. Ca!. Also for sale at 10. >H
Market *t.. S. F. All private d'.scities auicli.y
cured. Send for fre<? bock.
03. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC yttrfjP
For the cure of GONOKKIIOK-\.. GLEE 1 A
STKICTURES »nd analagoua comylaiatJ ol i-»«
Orcac* ot Generation. • . _»»...
f rice U a fccuie. For «a:e 67 firJST-**
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|S A CHEAT RESTOfiATXVE. INVIGOItA-
'tor ar.d Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodtsiac ana Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs fnr bcth sexes.
! The Mexican remedy (or Diseases ot the K'A-
revs aaJ Uluil'-er. Sells on its own merits.
r m Market St.. S. K.— <Send tor Circuitr.)
{ffJPlATES Sj^SU
REGl]i bRace for fat women — Won by Alice Preston.
Race for fat men— Won by William DIneen.
Race for boys who made their tlrst commun
ion this year at St. Rose's Church— Won by
Alfred Dlneen.
Race for girls who made their first commun
icn this year at St. Kose's— Won by Ethel Hum
phreys.
Egg race. Young Ladles' Sodality of Children
of Mary— Won by Miss Dlneen.
Race for large altar boys of St. Rose's parish
— Won by James 'Walsh.
Race for small altar boys of St. Rose's
parish— Won by Alfred Dineen.
Eg* race for married ladies— Won by Mrs.
Morris.
Walking match for men — Won by Xioula Has
selbecker.
Race for srirls of Angels' Sodality of St.
Rose's parish— Won by Lucy Tackney.
Three-leKice<l race— Won by William Walsh
and Charles McFadden.
Race for St. Rose's school elrla — Won by J.
Collopy. Same race related — Won by Vera
Delphlna. Same race reseated— Won by Bes
sie Dillon.
Race for boys attending St. Rose's school —
Won by Alfred Dineen. Same race repeated —
Wen by Dannie Doran. Same race repeated —
Won by James Devlns.
Race for girls of St. Brendan's, EL Vincent's.
St. Joseph's and Sacred Heart schools — Won by
Annie McDonald.
Race for boys of St. Brendan's and St. Vin
cent's schools — Won by Mike McKeever.
Race for boys of St. Joseph's and Sacred
Heart schools— Won by James Walsh.
Race for married ladies of St. Rose's parish-
Won by Mrs. Cullen.
Race for married men of St. Rose's parish —
Won by Joseph Kameno.
Race for Young Men's Institute. Yorke Coun
cil—Won by Jame* Kenney.
Race for married and single ladies— Won by-
Annie McDonald.
Race for boys of the League of the Cross —
Won by W. McDonouEh.
Race for professional runners— Won by Wil
liam Walsh.
Race for women— Won by Mrs. Brinkley.
Those having charge of the grames were
William H. Harrison, Thomas Reavey,
¦\Vllliam R. Walsh Jr. and Thomas A.
Horan.
The members of St. Teresa's parish gave
a picnic yesterday at Mirabel Park. The
excursion -was larpely attended. Rev. P.
O'Connell was on the grounds early In the
day and superintended the general ar
rangements. Th» merry pleasure seekers
returned to tnis city about 9 o'clock last
night. Quite a sum was raised for the
church from the outing.
St. Teresa's Picnic.
Patrick Broder. John Broder, William R
Walsh, Daniel J. Mahoney, Jeremiah J. Ma
hnney, Thomas F. Brown, William Harrison
John Mona?han. Nicholas Fltzfceralil. Thomw
J. Horan; Edward McColsaa. Bernard Rud.ly.
Henry William Lomrkf. Patrick Minehan.
Charles J. Parsons. Paul A. Cullen. Thomas
Palmer, John B. Craig. Denis Coleman, John
JIarrlgan, Albert Harrigan. John Patten
James Feer.py. Patrick Carfoffan. Dennis K<"r.-'
ry. John Hayden. Charles Owens. Thomas
Heavy, William Qulnn. John Ifanliman John
Fau'.kner, John .Cunningham. Officer Oaynor
Michael T. Hanlnn, John Griffin, William.
Hurt. Jamrs McGlnnlsa. Charles IireMIn J J
Doyle. James U Qulnn. Charles Dufosse Mr"
Drummond. Thomas J. Cooper. William Con
roy. Thomas Moroney. Stephen Feeney M II
Lawler. Frar.k Moran. Thomas Kane. John'
Tully. William A. Tully, Andrew J. Rcavy
James Reavy, Mr. Forta<Jo. Mr. Walsh M-'
Rlelley. Peter OTrlen. Henry Dwvaney" Mr.
Tierney. John Thompson. William P. Galla
gher. M. i:. Kavar.agh, Mr. McNally Mr
Banegher. ?.tr. Brennen. Mr. Coffee Mr Voula'
William A. Munroe. Edward J.' Faulkner'
Th< mas J. Faulkner, John J. Cunningham"
Richard < >. Gaynor. Timothy J. McAullffe
Geor<e ClafTy. Thomas daffy. Genrsre BL
Cieary, Edward J. Cleary. Peter Dunworth.
James A. Cunningham. John A. Hoey, M. W
McKenna, Peter Smith, J. -J. Monajeh'an E F*
Bmiddy, John Healy. Cornelius Rial. 'Robert
McKay. Dennis Sullivan. M. C MeGrath R
S. Kelly. Mr. Twtgg. Mr. Dlnneen. Peter
Balzer, D. McCarte. Frank Cream, Rodger
Margery, Daniel Cummings. Michael Dun
lenvy. E. J. P. Donovan. Timothy Murphy.
William Quinn. D. Healy. Mr. Sully. James
McCann. Charles A. Dufosse. William C
Cooper. John Urown. James M. Whearty. Wai
lace Austin; Alexander McCarte. F. C. Kenny,
Thomas Unman, Timothy Morphy. J. A.
Ahem. John Sullivan, Daniel Rielly and Wil
liam GUI.
bert.
Race for single men— Won by C. Parker.
crowded with parishioners of St. Rose's
and their friends. During the afternoon
the pleasure-seekers mingled In the mazes
of the dance and contested for the
prizes.
Following Is the programme of games
and the winners of the various events:
Race for boys between 11 . and 14— Won by
Bruce Parker. Same race repeated— Won by
Andrew Kennedy. Same race repeated — Won
by Georce Murphy.
Race for clrla between 11 and 14 — Won by
Annie McDonald. Same race repeated— Won by
Dorothy Duean. Same race repeated— Won by
Nellie Beard.
Race for boys between 7 and 10 — Won by T.
Col'c.py. Same race repeated — Won by John
Sheehan. Same race repeated — Won by Wil
lie Neader.
Race for girls between 7 and 1(V— Won by An
nie Nyland. Same race repeated— Won by Dor
othy Uugan. Same race repeated — Won by Vera
Delphlna.
Race for boys under 7— Won by P. McDon
ouch. Same race repeated— Won by Albert
Weat.
Race for rlrls under 7 — Won by Irene Beard.
Same race repeated — Won by Ma'zie Uquhart.
Race for young grirla who wish to be gjod
housekeepers— Won by Annie McDonald.
Race for boys between 15 and IS— Won by
Bruce Parker.
Race for married ladles— Won by Mrs. A.
Flynn. .
Race for married men — Won by Doc. Flynn.
Race for single ladles— Won by Lizzie Lam-
A Day of Pleasure Across the Bay for
Parishioners and Their
Friends.
Parishioners of St. Rose's enjoyed their
annual picnic at Shell Mound Park yes
terday. Delegations from the various la
bor organizations attended the picnic and
passed their holiday with merry-making
and games. The first boat left San Fran
cisco for the scene of the day's fun at 9
a. m. By noon the pleasant — ounds were
Floor manager— William J. O'Neill; assist
ant floor manager— F. Creede; floor committee
— J. P. Duffy (chairman), E. J. Convey, W. D.
Shea, W. II. McGeeney, IZ. B. Thomas. J. -E.
Perham, T. A. Dufty. C. J. McCarthy K.
Bliss, J. II. Scanlan, T. McCarthy. H. F. Sul
livan, J. Scott, J. J. Toohy. Robert A. Beret
tr». J. J. Klnucan. M. F. Silk, D. R. Camp
bell. J. O'Brien.
ST. ROSE'S PEOPLE WENT
TO SHELL' MOUND PARK
Grattan D. Phillips, R. C. Mattlngly, J. J.
Qulnn, Harry Tillman, E. J. Convey.
Games— Colonel E. J. Powers (chairman), F.
Creede, D. Mahoney. A. P. Malllffan, J. R.
Ke.ntzt'1. J. H. Powers, T. Ryan. J. Holland.
Wllllarr. Dlxon. William Terry. William Ken
nedy, Frank McElrath, E. Murphy, F. li. Duf-
Ileld.
The corrlmittees having the affair in
charge and to the members of which Its
success was largely due follows:
Reception— Dr. T. L.. Maloney (chairman),
Hon. J. F. Sullivan. J. C. .Welch. Hon. F. H.
Dunne, Hen. J. M Bumettt. M. C. Haley, G.
H. KavanauEh, J. T. Gllmartln. R. c,
Malone, Charles McCarthy, R. John E. Mc-
Cormick. T. F. Prendergast. William McMann,
W Kennedy, P. J. Thomas, J. Rourke. J.
Bateman. W. E. Haley. C. Pechln. E. Con
vey, D. Gratto. William McMann, W. F. Ter
ry, J. Thornton, G. Murphy. Ross McMahon,
W. Buchanan, P. Mathews, W. Larkey. M. F.
Silk, James Attridjre. M. fiilk, W. Smith. D.
McCarthy. E. O'Connor, P. McDonough, P. Mc-
Coy R, Ringr. Peter Scully. Thomas F. Boyle,
J. J. Boyle, W. Attrldge, Ed Hay, T. Kennedy
D. Denlhy, D. J. O'Neill, William Petty, Peter
Fay, John McGovern, Dr. Frank Tillman,
The Committees.
Fat ladies' race — First, Mrs. A. Harley; sec
ond. Mrs. A. Gill.
Three-legged race, boys— First. Durham broth
ers; second, Dljeau brothers.
Altar boys' race, under 11 years— First, Frank
Derham; second, Alfonso P.aldwln.
Members St. Aloysius' Sodality— First. An
tpine Summervllle; second. Nemlle Cuenln.
Girls of St. Brijrlrl's Convent— First, Mabel
Kelly; second. Mary Cottle.
Boys of St Brlnid's Convent— First, Vincent
Stone; pecond, Charles Cantrell.
Altar boys' race. 11 years and over — First,
Vincent Derham; second. Joseph Derham.
Girls under 7 years— First, Ethel Cottle; sec
ond, Ascella Blonahan.
Following are the results of the various
races:
Hoyn under 10 years — First, E. Camber; sec
oi.d, T, Kane.
Girls under 10 years— First, Evelyn Kelly; sec
ond, Rosie Hurk.
Boyp 10 to 14 years — First, George Ganln; sec
ond. Hugh Carter.
Girls 10 to 14 years — First, Evelyn Kernan;
second, Mnb?l Kelly.
Boys 14 to IS years— First, Walter Holmes;
B«-cond, William Kane.
Girls 14 to IS years — First, Joan Baldwin: sec
ond, Edna Harley.
Single younR men — First, James Toohy; sec
ond, .George Pacheco.
Sinsle young ladles— First, Joan Baldwin;
second. Mamie Kerny.
Married men— First, Frank Wilson; second,
James Toohy.
Married ladies— First, Mrs. F. Glass; second,
Mrs. F. Bruneman.
Fat men's race— First, M. Cross; second, TV.
Games at El Campo.
durinpr the day for the purpose of convey
ing the thousand or more pleaFure-seekers
to the picnic grounds. Arrived there, they
immediately set -about to enjoy them
selves. Dancing to the music of 'the First
Regiment Band. League of the Cross Ca
dets, came in for a large share of at
tention. A fine programme of games and
races was presented In the afternoon and
the successful contestants were rewarded
with valuable prizes.
The members of St. John Berdman'*
Panctuary Society, connected with St
Ignatius Church, held their annual field
day on the college grounds yesterday. The
games were held under the direction of 8.
A. Rlley and lasted all day. The games
and winners were as follows:
Handball, seniors— A. Smith and L. Resinr
Handball, middles— E. Hromada and n
Enter.
Handball. Juniors— H. McCarthy and G
Iteslnir.
100-yard dash, seniors— First, L. Resinr- b«. c
ond". E. Foley.
100-yard dash, middles— First, E. Hromada-
B*-;on<5. 1". liraxll. '
100-yard da*h. Juniors— First, A. Merrlck
second. G. Reslnc '
Runnlnjf broad Jump, senlorf-Flrst. A. Mc-
Cann. 16:4: «econd, H. McCarthy.
Running broad Jump. middle* — First, E
Hromada. 14:7: second, H. Lonerjjan.
Runnlnij broad Jump, Juniors— First, Q. Sler
rlck. 13:10; second, A. Whittle.
Berdman's Society Held on
College Grounds.
Annual Field Sports of St. John
Devltt. James O'Brien. Thomas Conlan. C.
I{"ean, G. Dougherty.
Kecfption committee — Maurice Corrlrnn
(chairman). P. ilcXarr.ee, John Rowe, J. Mc-
Dcvltt, E. McGIbnoy, Janv»s Flood, John
Huches, R. MulliKan. A. Kudolphu-. F. Ku
doli.hus. James Lamty. C. F. O'Connor, JohA
Coffee, John Cror.an, John O'Rrien, Jamfs
Hughes, J</nn Twotncy, U. Tuohy, E. Shirley.
M. Hoden. M. Fleoi. L. Brooks. A. M. West
haus. Miss Genevirve Pulllvnn, Miss Ncllift
O'Brien. MIks Mary HoMen. l!i?s Josie Gat«-ly.
Miss May I.yne. MIfs Rose Kelly, Frances Con
lan. Miss MrOermott. L*na Hollen. Mrs. Hut
u-rp. uiiie Byrnes, Mrs. H. Dougherty, Mrs.
W. Brctlln. Ml?s Parah Dolurty, Miss Kate
Caatwvtl. Mrs. Cahill. Miss Tessle Doran. Miss
ICat.- r>oran. Mrs. II. Dhue, Miss A. Glover.
UlU Kate Fuller. Mrs. M. Kerr. Miss Agnes
¦jauly, Mi?s Mary 1. ilarrltv. Mre. Mlnnruan,
Uliio Hughfs. Miss Mary Kinderpan, Nellie
Molntosh. UUia Martin. Annie McAuliftV. L.11-
He O'Connor. Mary Kegan, Mary I. Secord.
Ml*s Mary Keyland. Miss Katie Kussick. Mis*
Anna K<>rr. Mi?s Mary .Short. Miss JoMe Mili
tary Miss lto.se Anthony. Ella Cronan, Nellie
Kearney. FrSnop S McDevitt, Mrs. J. Hughes,
Mr?. I». Donohue, Mrs. I.vdon. Marguerite Re
ran. Mrs. T. K. Sullivan. Mrs. f'annlns, MIh*
Josie Hums. Mrs. H. Lacy. Mlsa Kate I)e
l>iry. Miss N>nir» Connnrn, Mrs. William C'on
n-ir* .Miss Elizabeth Fuikr, Miss Annie Dono
>;ue, Mis. J. Flo'rl. Mlra .Tenni" Olynn. Miss
Ijanr.ah Griffin. Mrs. M. McGlauchlln. Miss
nUa Hncorty. Mix* Orrtrud- Halllnan. Miss
Marir.n Harrflns. May O'Connor. Kittle Hopan.
M.fs Jennie McCarthy, Ortie McCarthy. Rita
f M «- # ,, M \ l : K:mt O'BrlMi. Mary \\>sthaus,
Julia Wall, No&le Sullivan
RACED, JUMPED AND
PLAYED HANDBALL
Tho annual reunion and picnic of St.
Bripid's parishioners was held yesterday
at El Campo. The affair was a bis success
In every detail. Though the outing was
given under the auspices of the younsr
people of the parish the attraction proved
too strong to be resisted by the old. folks,
who gathered in large numbers to enjoy
the various amusements provided by com
petent committees. The young men of
the parish had been working earnestly
for several weeks to make the reunion the
most pleasant ever given by the parish,
and In this they were successful.
The steamer Ukiah made three trips
bers at El Campo Pleasure
Grounds.
Parishioners Gather in I*xge Num-
ST. BRIGID'S PICNIC
WAS A BIG SUCCESS
Hop. step ana jump, seniors — First, L. Ites
in». 32:3: second. H. McCarthy.
Hop, Ktf-p and Jump, middles— First, E. Hro
mada, S0:8; pecond, C. Schoen.
Hop. Htep and jump, juniors— First, W. Fo
ley. 27:G; peconrl, G. RoslnR.
Running hlRh Jump, ernlors — Flnst, II. Mc-
Carthy. 4:6; second, E. F. O'Day.
Itunnins hiKh Jump, middles— First, J. Whe
lar\ 4: second, H. I^onergan.
200-yard Oafh. middles— First, E. Hromada;
second. W. Sullivan.
Shotput. seniors — First, E. F. O'Day, 23:9;
second, E. Foley.
Shotput, middles— First, G. llcrrick, 22:3;
second. If. Breen.
"Walking race, seniors — First, A. Smith; sec
ond. K. Foley.
Walkins race, middles— First, C. Schoen; sec
ond. C. McCoy.
Hammer throw, seniors— First, B. O'Day;
second. H. McCarthy.
Hammer throw, middles — First, C. Scboen;
second. II. Breen.
Obstruction race, juniors— First, G. Reslng;
second, TV. Foley.
Three-letTKed race, penlors— First, E. . Foley
and L. ReslnK; second, A. Smith and J. Whe-
Three-locKed race, middles— First, W. Sulli
van and II. Lonergan; second, C. McCoy and
G. Resinr.
Obstruction race, middles— First, E. Hro
mada; second, H. L^jnersan.
Sack race — First, A. Whelan; second. H. Me-
Hat and coat race— First, E. Whelan; second,
C. Hor.son.
Consolation race— First. A. Rast; second, F.
Bucklcj'.
At 1*30 the fathers connected with the
church tendered the boys a banquet. On
Wednesday next J. F. Norton, who Has
bad charge of the society athletics, will
leave for Spokane, "Wash., to take a
course in philosophy prior to his ordina
tion.
Continued frcir. Page Three.
LABOR WAS KING; HIS COURT IN CENTRAL PARK
Ladies Seek a Secretaryship.
OAKLAND. S^pt. 2.— Mr?. Helen Kelley.
formerly secretary :>f the Associated
Chari'i^-?:. If n <-anc!I^ate for re-election
-to succeed! M;«=s Katharine B. Felton. who
Is the position. Friends of both
re actively canvassing: in antlclpa
the ;.r.r,ual m<-t-tl?:g of the direct
< rs which will be heid very soon.
Good Templars Confer Degrees.
OAKLAND. Sept. 3.— The Good Tem
plars have conferred district degrees upon
the following members: W. H. Collins.
J. F. Cook, Misa Clara Norman. Miss
I^aura Norman. Miss F. A. Louerhridge,
Mrs. M. Myers and Mr3. Willard. The an
nual district convention will be concluded
next Friday evening with Valley Lodge
in San Francisco.
i ALAMF.DA, Sept. 3.— There was some
j lively tennis this afternoon on the court3
I of the Alameda Tennis Club among the
j aspirants for the club championship
j medal. Fred Brown carried away the
I honors of the day, winning the right to
i contest with R. G. Hunt, present holder
I of the medal, for the honor of wearing
j it for a year. The contest between them
will tako place on the Alameda tennis
courts next Saturday, which will also be
ladles' day. The results to-day were as
follows: H. M. I^andsberger defeated
George T. Wright, 0-4. 6-1. Fred Brown
beat J. A. Landsberger, 6-4, 6-1. In the
finals after a struggle. Brown defeated
Landsberger, C-l, ll-'.t. 7-5.
A ladles' single tournament will be held
en the courts next Friday for the Henry
Gutto cup. Among those who have enter
ed to play are Miss Kdith Waterman, Miss
Kmma Hunter, M!=s Kose Sherwood, Mrs.
Monte Haslott. Miss May Bramhall and
Mrs. George F. Kincaid.
PLAYED TENNIS FOR
CHAMPIONSHIP MEDAL
MURDERER BUTTS
DIES IN FOLSOM
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Sept. 3.
Official notice was received at police
headquarters to-day of the death of
"Pacing Billy" Butts at Folsom prison
on August 25. For nearly seven year3
William Butts had languished in prison,
paying the penalty for a wild night In this
city when he ran amuck on the principal
streets and shot down two of Oakland's
citizens.
Previous to this tragedy Butts had been
several times arrested for minor offenses
and once for the burglary of the Colum
bia boathouse. On the evening of October
1, 1S03. Butts was met at the corner of
Broadway and Seventh streets by William
Green, an employe of the Oakland Con
tracting Company, who greeted him with
the remark, ••Hello, Butts, when did you
get out of jail? "
Butts vas under the Influence of liquor
and morphine and was in an ugly frame
of mind. He drew a revolver and shot
Green, inflicting a mortal wound. M'lth
the smoking weapon in his hand, he ran
down Broadway to Sixth street. There
W. E. Beeny, a motorman on the Pied
mont road, was standing. Butts, think
ing he was about to be stopped by the
man. shot and killed him. By this time
Chief of Police Hodgkins, Patrolman
Scanlan and William J. MofTit had joined
in pursuit of the murderous runner. They
tired fourteen shots at him and he twice
emptied his pistol in return. Finally
liutta fell, riddled with bullets.
For months Butts lingered in the Coun
ty Jail, a wreck from the effects of his
numerous wounds. After nearly two years
had passed he had sufficiently recovered
to be brought into court. He was con
victed of manslaughter and sent to San
Qt:entln on October 9, lSf6. In the peni
tentiary Butts still suffered from un
healed wounds. On the 11th of last month
he was transferred to Folsom prison in
the "hope that the change would prolong
hi* life. He lived but two weeks after
his removal.
THINKS THE FILIPINOS
CAN GOVERN THEMSELVES
Rev. Father McQuaide Pays a Tribute
to the Morality and Intelli
gence of the People.
Rev. Father McQuaide entertained a
large gathering of members and friends of
Ignatian Council No. 35, Young Men's In
stitute, last evening in the rooms of that
organization with an Informal talk on the
Philippines.
The speaker paid a high tribute to the
Filipinos. Hi snowed how groundless was
the statement that they are semi-barbar
ians/ irreligious. • superstitious, dishonest
and lazy. He told of their intelligence,
strong belief In the faith, piety, great mu
sical ability, sobriety, simplicity and hon
esty. He also told of the love that filled
the" household, where the wife and mother
held queenly sway, and how the children
were taught to revere their parents. In
closing his highly entertaining talk he
said:
"Tho Filipinos are a very shrewd nnd
capable people and I am not inconsistent
when I say that people who have their
faith, piety, morality, education and
cleanliness can be taught to govern them
selves. If I were asked whether it would
pay this country to keep the Philippines
I would unhesitatingly say no. I flrmlv
believe that our flag should remain in the
islands, but let It remain as a protectorate
over a self-governing people."
R. B. Kay sang a barytone solo; J. C.
O'Donnell rendered some comic selections
and James A. Donohue and "Billy" Hinea
also rendered some topical songs. Hynd's
orchestra played many selections and L.
E. Mahon. grand president of the Young
Men's Institute, said some pleasing things
about Ignatian Council Xo. 35 and the
order at large.
Railroad Foreman Injured.
OAKLAND, Sept. C— George Jesmlng
sion. a section foreman employed by the
Southern Pacific Company, was struck by
a narrow-gauge engine at Thirteenth anil
Webster streets at 9 o'clock this morning
while overseeing pome track repairs. Jes
mingslon was thrown a dozen feet and
violently hurled to the ground. He was
removed to the Receiving Hospital. There
were no serious external injuries, but the
railroad man suffered severely from the
shock.
Tivoli.
Verdi's tragic opera "Ernanl" was pre
sented at the Tivoli Opera-house last
THE Alcazar is the nearest approach
we have to a people's theater; tho
price of admission is low, the mount-
Ing of plays suJIicient and the acting
certainly not two-thirds worse than that
at theaters which charge three times the
price. Every attempt, then, made at such
a theater to present a worthy play should
meet with special encouragement from
those who would like to see the drama
take hold of the hearts and minds of those
who toil that others may be rich.
Such an attempt was made last night,
when the Alcazar management presented
Henry Arthur Jones' drama "The Mas
querailers"—a difficult play even with
plenty of time for preparation. Yet with
only a week's rehearsal the performance,
when judged by a relative and not by an
absolute standard, was distinctly credita
ble. In Howard Hall this theater has se
cured the best leading man it has haa
since, the time of Mr. Qrmonde.
Air. Hall haa a good presence, a graceful
figure, an excellent voice and above all—
repose. Many who remember his efficient
work when he was here with Mr. Man tell
two years ugo, will be glad to welcome
1:1m as a permanent addition to our small
Mock cf good actors. Looming largo
moreover in this small stock one must not
forget the ever-satisfactory Montalne— a
little throat-sore from his strenuous ex
ertions in "The Only "Way," but always
conscientious and capable. Mr. Howard
Scott linds difficulty in subduing his
natural amiability to the villainous dye of
Sir Brice Skene, but a few more exercises
nt temper-cultivation wjll doubtless re
duce, him to the wicked consistency of
the part.
As to the ladies, Miss Blayney has a
Dresden- shepherdess style of beauty that
fits the character of Lady Clarice to per
fection. She has much looking and little
talking to do. so everything there, as Mr.
Gilbr-rt would say, is right as right can bo.
Miss Atwood, as Helen Larondle, ap
peared to much better advantage than in
anything I have yet seen her. As to Miss
Dorr in the heroine's part, I confess I
am badly handicapped In passing judg
ment by my remembrance of Miss Viola
Allen's rendition. That was perfection:
this is not, though it is good in parts. It
falls, I think, in the lighter scenes of the
first act and improves steadily as the
situations develop more and more seri
ously until in the last act it Is (for the
first time) quite convincing.
The play is too well known to need an
alysis or comment further than the call
ing attention to the power and the poetry
of this same last act — the most beautiful
act, I think, that Mr. Jones has ever
written, L. DU PONT SYLE.
Clay Clemenfand L. R. Stockwell. made
their first appearance as joint stars in
"A Great Obstacle" at the Columbia
Theater last night and were well received
in their new venture by a large audience.
The play is their own adaptation of "No
Thoroughfare," made famous by Fechter
and Florence, and lost nothing fn its pre
sentation by Stockwell and Clement, as
sisted by a capable company. Mr
Clement, in the character of Jules Oben
reizcr, won additional plaudits and dem
onstrated that he is equal to the exacting
requirements of a diflicult part. Stock
well, as Joey Ladle, was amusing, as h*
always is, and his philosophical disserta
tions were quaintly humorous. Mrs
Clement was seen to advantage as Mar
guerite, a character essentially distinct
from those hitherto played by "her. She
played the guileless maiden in love with
George Vendale with charming simplicity.
Charles Canfleld as Vendale played we'll
enough to earn a curtain call, to which
The Orpheum presented a fairly good
programme last night. The much-herald
ed girl phenomenon. Frances' Keppler, did
not make the hit that wad expected. She
Is trained beyond her years and Is, there
fore, not natural. Her parents or rela
tives should relegate her to the nursery.
Howe, Wall and 'Walters were good in
their instrumental specialty, while Gert
rude Mansfield and Caryl Wilbur made
quite a hit in their Ix>ndon success "A
Bird and a Bottle." The hold-overs all
did well and next week this popular
theater announces Jessie Bartlctt Davis
as the attraction.
Columbia.
Orpheum.
night to a large and enthusiastic audi
ence. It is acknowledged to be one of the
most diflicult operas to interpret, as it
taxes to the utmost the vocal powers of
the principal soloists, and last night it was
soon perceived that in that respect the
selection was admirable. Signor Domeni
co Rur.so was Ernani, Signor Guiseppe
Ferrari. Don Carlos: Signer Alessandro
Xicollnl. Dor. Ruy Gomez de Silva, and
Miss Eflie Stewart, Elvira. All were in
splendid voice and it was a genuine treat
to hear Russo and Miss Stewart, their
voices blending so evenly and artistically.
NIcolinI sang "Infolice" with such power
and expression that ho had to respond to
clamorous demands for an encore. The
qunitet in the second act was splendidly
rendered, hut th" big ensemble at the end
of the fourth act literally brought down
the house an.', an tncore was demanded,
which was followed by a curtain call for
the principals. The choruses were a fea
ture of the opera and the orchestra, under
the leadership of Max Hirschfeld, was
never better. Tho opera was a genuine
success and it should have crowded houses
when it is again produced.
men were aided in extinguishing th»
flames by a tug and several bay steamer^
Big Foundry and the Mawrie Plan
ing Mills Destroyed by Flames
Last Night.
EUREKA^ Sept. 3.-A fire In the engine
room of the Eureka Foundry to-night
caused a loss of about $50,000 before it was
extinguished.
The foundry, occupying a substantia'
building erected twelve years aso. was
destroyed. The loss was S-iS.CMX oh which
there wac $4>0u0 insurance. The flames
then spread to Mawrlrs planing mills,
which wore also consumed, entailing a
loss of COW, with Insurance of $150) Other
small structures which were burnod will
bring the total lns^s up to JfiO.noo. The nre-
FIRE CAUSES $50,000
DAMAGE IN EUREKA
K IL STOCKWEIX AiNT> MRS.- CLAY CI/EBIENT IN "A
GREAT OBSTACLE.
RESCUED SICK
WOMAN FROM
BURNING HOUSE
Mrs. Alfred von der Eopp
Has a Narrow Escape
From Death. 9
Is Carried From Her Bed Throngb a
Smoke Filled House by Po
liceman John Mor
rison. ; <
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Sept. 3.
Whilo lying seriously ill in bed at her
residence, 121 Lake street, Mrs. Alfred von
der Ropp, wife of the superintendent of
the Selby Smelting Works, was rescued
from the burning house this afternoon by
Policeman John Morrison. Mrs. von der
Ropp was alone In the big mansion, ex
cept for two women servants, who be
came demoralized by frrght as soon as
they discovered the place was aflre.
The quick-witted policeman was one of
the first on the scene. The tire, which
caught on the roof, worked into the raft
ers and tilled the dwelling with smoke so
quickly that it seemod as li the entire
building was to succumb.
Mrs. von der Ropp was occupying a
second-flix)r room, almost directly be
neath the spot where the flames broke
out. The servant girls rushed from me
house screaming for assistance. Police
man Morrison rushed through the smoka
and quickly got the sick woman bundled
into blankets and carried her through the
smoky rooms and hallways safely into
the street. The policeman bore his
charge to the nearby residence of friends.
The shock to I ra. von der Ropp was se
rious, and physicians were called to at
tend her.
The tire was first !>een by neighbors, who
telephoned an alarm, which was answered
by a chemical engine. A short time aft
erward a call alarm summoned more ap
paratus. The firemen got the blazn under
control after much damage had been
done to the roof and upper portion of th«»
residence. The blaze was caused by
sparks from a chimney failing In the
crevices of the dry roof.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge C. jr. Wheeler of Eureka Is reg
istered at the Lick.
W. H. Clary, a well-known mining man
of Stockton, is at the Lick.
O. O. Webber, District Attorney of Son
oma County, is a guest of the Lick.
P. M. Ayer, a big stock raiser of Flag
staff, Arizona, Is registered at the Lick.
Walter Magee and bride returned on the
Doric yesterday from their honeymoon
trip to Japan.
A. B. Snow, one of the merchant princes
of Singapore, Is at the Occidental. He ar
rived on the Doric.
H. T. Bosman, a wealthy Chinese mer
chant of Hongkong. Is at the Occidental
on his way to New York.
Edward Chambers, general freight
agent of the Santa Fe system west of Al
buquerque, Is in the city.
Edward Pelxotto returned from Paris
yesterday. He took in the exposition and,
enjoyed himself thoroughly.
Thomas Strohn, Chief of the Fire De
partment of L.03 Angeles, Is at the Lick.
He Is accompanied by his family.
R. Van Brunt, a prominent New Tcr!:
Club man. who la interested In mines la
British Columbia, is at the Palace.
L.. Ij. Bailey, a well-known mining man,
returned from Korea en the Doric Ha
has been In tie Hermit Kingdom examin
ing mining properties.
William Harding, who experienced the
siege of Tlent?in, arrived from China yes
terday. His experiences were similar to
those of others whose statements have
been published in The Call.
S. Berlis, a Russian tourist, who was at
Hankow at the time of the outbreak an>l
nas menaced by the Chinese and found
it convenient to get out of the country
hastily, is at the Palace.
William Hood, chief engineer of, the
Southern Pacific Company, has returned
from New York. He had nothing to say
regarding the situation In the East with
reference to the apiwlntment of a suc
cessor to the late C. P. Huntingron.
T. M. Schumacher, manager of the Earl
fruit line, returned from a trip East yes
terday, lie has been looking into the
prospective fruit business for next sea
son and sees groat possibilities. During
the season just closed there were shipped
from this State 17.G0O carloads of oranges
and lemons and 1000 carloads of vegeta
bles. It is expected that in the season
which begins in November there Will be
shipped 21,000 carloads of citrus fruit and
1300 carloads of vegetables. The demand
is growing rapidly.
Acting under the advice of Sergeant
Wright. Mrs. Walters intends to get out
a search warrant for the recovery of her
pets to-day.
To her surprise, instead of being warmly
congratulated, as she expected, she was
told that unless she parted with $G. her
rent fur a month, she would not only be
thrown in the street, but deprived of the
possession of her trained cats and dogs.
"The horrid woman moans to starve my
dear little pits." tearfully exclaimed Mrs.
Walters when telling tier story to Ser
geant Wright. "I .suppose that Fldo— my
poor, darling Fido— will 1>« a corpse when
1 see him again. She is jealous of me
because I have secured such a good *»n-
Bagement and seems anxious to spoil the
tirst chajice I ever had of becoming a
star. Her daughter is billed to show with
us. and as she. Is opposed to the stage, I
suppose she wants to hold my dear little
cats and dogs to prevent me" from keep
ing my contract."
and as she was without an engagement
*he sent word to the nmnagcr of the
company that she would accept. With
many smiles and compliments for the
man* who has charge of the "world re
nowned organization." Mrs. Walters lost
no time in informing her landlady of her
p.-.o.i fortune.
Yesterday, according to Mrs. Walters'
Ptory, she received an offer to join the
orpheum Star Company to play at the
Chutes and other places of amusomont.
Mrs. Walters, who says she Is an act
res*, visited police headquarters last night
and invoked the aid of Chief Sullivan in
rescuing her dogs and cats from the cruel
clutches of an obdurate landlady. Several
weeks ago Mrs. Waiters arrived In this
city and rented apartments in a private
lodging-house at Cl:5 Eddy street. She had
with her .six performing cats and as many
dogs. The pets, which constitute part of
her stock in trade, were housed in the
rr-.Tr of her room.
fully Detained by Her Land
lady — Search Warrant to
Be Issued.
«.
Sue Claims They Are Being Unlaw-
Mrs. Walters, an Actress,
Wants to Recover Her
Dogs and Cats.
HER DEAR PETS
SECURELY HELD
FOR ROOM RENT
The stewards at the Post Hospital have
a complaint to make. A recent order
compels them to stand watich thirty-three
hours out of forty-eight. 1 The watches
are divided into stretches of fifteen and
eighteen hours. There are only eleven
men on duty at the hospital and every
bed Is occupied. There are 240 Hospital
Corps men at Fort McDowell, whose only
duty is to take care of each other.
Colonel Marshall has returned from hla
horse-purchasing tour. About six weeks
ago he started out to buy WOO head of
horses, and up to the time of his return
had sent to the Presidio 020 animals. All
sorts of owners with all sorts of skates
presented themselves at the Presidio yes
terday and submitted their horses to the
Government test with a view toward hav
ing their steeds purchased. Con Griffin
and his force of broncho busters walked,
trotted and galloped the animals, exam
ined their teeth and measured them and
managed to secure fifteen or twenty that
came up to requirements. Some of tho
horses were wicked and taxed the riding
abilities of the men. A large crowd stood
around and applauded the riders for their
fine horsemanship. Some of the men were
unseated, but no one was hurt.
Light Batteries C and M left for Manila
yesterday.
Late In the evening there staggered
through the camp streets a private who
fell over several ropes and yelled loudly
each time he fell. Corporal McArthur
took charge of him and found that, con
trary to ordera, he was carrying a revol
ver. The corporal took it away from him
and in tryinK to transfer it to his own
belt it was accidentally discharged, the
bullet entering the corporal's left foot.
The wounded man was taken to the Gen
eral Hospital, where the bullet will be
searched for with an X-ray.
Acting Corporal McArthur of Light Bat
tery C did not go to Manila yesterday
with his command. McArthur was cor
poral of the guard at the camp Sunday
and had his hands full caring for the
soldiers who had strayed down town and
returned to the camp in all sorts of con
ditions.
Corporal McArthur Accidentally Shot
in the Foot — Crowds Watch
"Broncho Busters" Tame
Bucking Horses.
Kept on Watch Thirty-Three
Hours Out of Each
Forty-Eight
STEWARDS AT
POST HOSPITAL
OVERWORKED
Sliot Tired "Wliile Slayer Is Trying
to I-Iake Arrest — He Is Assailed
by a Cro^rd, but
Itescued.
— « —
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
ins Broadway, Sopt. ;>.
The celebration of Labor day was
rruirred to-r.:ght by an unfortunate ehoot
!r. o ;>i Han Lorenzo Grove, whereby
William Storms, treasurer of the Slung
lcrs' I r.lon, was accidentally killed by a
1 . . t Croat IJeputy Sheriff John Striker's
; toL The shooting occurred outside the
picnic grounds, after the committee had
« li &ed the celebration, and while the
crowds were waiting lor the electric trains
:. rucwaid bound.
While there i& some conflict concerning
it.<- exact details, there is no douot troxa
liie utaiemeiite. of jStriKer and ollitrr wit
nesses \:.~; tJtorins 1 Ucatli was entirely
cue to accident, lie was snjt .vmle sitting
la an electric car, the oullel entering
above his left breast and severing a mum
artery. The wound «.aus<-d aeatn within
halt an hour. It was during a 1'ree-for
a.U light that had broken out among a
crowa of young meii i.ear the cars mat
The *hot was QreL Striker went into the
crowd to suppress the riotuus conduct and.
he claims, was t-t.i; ;<c-J by a mun wno
tirew a. knife on bixu.
The Deputy Sheriff displayed his star,
was met with a curse uini a threat and
then drew i::s pistol and struck at his
assaSaat It was then t)>- shot was fired.
The bullet wounded Strikers assailant
eiightly, arid ?i*mI upward, striking
Blorms. who wan Bitting on the car witn
•two women. Striker d«-ciart-s that he went
to the row because he heard a woman,
crying ".Murder."
Aa KX> n a^ the shot was fired, there
was a Kcraniblf in the crowd to get away.
Then several bystanders jun:;«-d in and
grabbed Striker". Cordnc his pistol away
in tit blm find •rorlclng the deputy back
fr< m the cars toward a fence opposite the
:k ectrance. The crowd made for the
¦puty, arid beat blm and knocked him,
down, while more threw clods of dirt at
the officer. Tim MrNamara, a friend of
the deputy, was close by, and called Con
t-table* Stewart and Jordan, who forced
•sh<-:r Bray through the crowd and drew
their pistols as soon as they reached
With the pistols they forced a
v.riv back to the standing cars and put
(striker, cut ar.d bleeding, aboard.
>¦• rms \\;;s taken off the car by James
Hand and J. Fortto, friends, who
hurried him to the County Intirmary. The
v anded man was unconscious and did
say a word after he fell backward on
car *»-at.
The party were met at San Lorenzo
'»¦ Junction by Superintendent Clark of the
inflnnary, who made an examination of
Lhe wound and declared that nothing
could be clone fur Storms, who was dying.
John Oill-ert. the other wounded man,
•w:is hustled out of the way of the crowd
and driven away in a buggy by friends.
He was not seriously injured.
Striker was brought to Oakland by
Cor stables Stewart and Jordan, who plac
• •. him undt r arrest. After his injuries
I : beea dressed Jit the Receiving Hoppi
• ii. be was placed in the County Jail.
r:-i:ivs on t!j& face indicated that he had
be :. severely handled. Accounts of the
f hooting diifer materially. Several men
who were on the scene claimed that
Striker aimed at long range at the young
rr.an who was first wounded and that no
weapon other than the deputy's pistol
was displayed. All of them agree that
Storms h:.'l no part in the lighting that
< 1 ded in tne fatai phot.
.°;:ik<r jay." lie hit Ltie person •who drew
T!i«» knife ofi him on the side of the head
his p'.Ftnl and that It must have been
'iVn that the revolver went off.
lames Hill, a jrauman on the Southern
& .enth-ttreet local, corroborated
Btrilo r*s Btory about the knife, as <i:d
T!m McN'amara, a Tenth-street saloon
];¦ • 1 ¦ :. McNamara said: "I was near
h to see the knife in the young
rr.an'i hand. I grabbed Striker's pun
[ran him myeelf. and tried to pro
t blm frum the cr»>wd. I ru.sheil out
le Constables and got tl>err> in there.
¦ crowd filed • In so fiercely that I
sjrht Striker would be killed before he
¦ i be KOt back to the cars."
J. Daarogarten, a ncweboy of Oakland.
who f-aw the trouble while standing at
:ho roar car of the train, said: "Striker
did r.M phoot at close range, but the boy
»? shot at was about Fix fret from him.
He did not strike with his pistol, but shot
•£tra!gbt at the boy."
The Coroner took charge of the case.
Storms was a v.idower. about 35 years
e came here several years* ago
Iroxn Chicago, lie resided at T'Jl Castro
: Erect.
Ball From Pistol of John
Striker Kills William
Storms.
INNOCENT MAN
SHOT TO DEATH
BY AN OFFICER
The bill at the Olympia, in spite of Its
announcement by the management as "A
Preponderance of Prehistoric Wonders,"
is good this week. The living statuary is
still a popular feature.
Olympia,
Chutes.
The Chutes presented an interesting bill
last night. Carroll, the young Los Ange
les girl, scored a great hit with her won
derful whistling: Sid Baxter did some
clever Juggling on a high wire, and Wes
ton and Herbert introduced the musical
electric fans. Other numbers on the bill
are the Malcolms, Baby Ruth, La Llsta
and new moving pictures.
The programme at Fischer's concert i.~ -
was new from beginning to end last night
and every number was well received.
Two now sopranos. Olive Vail and Anna
Miller, made distinct hits, as did also
Horace ilanna, tenor, and Amos C. Cain,
barytone. Dutch Walton presented an
amusing musical art and Howard and
Campbell gave a thrilling trapeze ner
formance. A serenade for cornet and
tlute, performed by F. Young and J. S.
Holmstead, was warmly applauded.
Many changes were made in tne moving
pictures and Hinrichs' orchestra gave its
customary delightful programme.
Fischsr's Concert-House.
The advance pale for Ferris Hartman's
bip production of "Ship Ahoy" opened
with a rush yesterday morning at the Al
hambra and a heavy sale continued
throughout the day for every performance
during the first week of the engagement.
By noon yesterday over half the house
had been sold for the opening on Thurs
day night and from present indications
standing room will be at a premium by
the time the first performance begins.
Big Sale at the Alhambra.
The California Thpater will be reopened
next Saturday evening, vhen *"-- Azzali
Italian grand opera company from Milan
will sing for the first time in this coun
try. The organization has created a luror
In Central America and New Mexico dur
ing 1 the last few months and it •¦ expect
ed that it will create an artistic surprise
when heard here. vei> Otello" has
been chosen for the opening and seaH
will be ready Thursday morning. The
regular California Theater prices will
prevail.
California.
Last evening at the Alta Theater, Cap
tain Jack Crawford's "irreat Border
drcma," "On the Trail," illustrating his
life as a Government scout on the frontier,
was produced for the first time, before
a crowded house.
Four Government scouts, "loaned by
General Shafter," who are now en route
to China, appeared in the thrilling per
formance, and secured thunders of ap
plause for their supernatural penetration
and "Old Sleuth" work generally. "On
the Trail" is a pood, old-fashioned melo
drama, of the blood and thunder sort, and
will doubtless fill the house with admirers
of hair-breadth 'scapes, wild adventures
and the rest of it. as Ions as Captain
Crawford will keep it on the boards.
however, he did not respond. He was
Just a little too forcible in the tender
passages of his love scenes with Mar
guerite, but withal was quite acceptable.
Charles King as lawyer Blntry, H. G.
Lonsdale as Walter "Wilding-, Miss Lydla
Parnell as Mme. Dor and Miss Alice i^en
non as Sarah Goldstraw, the nurse, made
all there was out of the parts. After th&
fourth act Clement made a speech. Inter
esting for its brevity, in which he thanked
everybody for the cordial reception ac
corded the play and players.
CREDITABLE PRODUCTION
OF "THE MASQUERADERS"
Clement and Stockwell Warmly Re
ceived at Columbia — "Ernani"
at the Tivoli.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1900.
-?- " ¦+¦
+ "Valda," the sensational +
? story of court life at Peking, X
±. begins in next Sunday's Call, ¦?
?- September 9.
4- ?
parishioners who acted on the followlns
committees: *
Offirm of general <-'rr.rr.:ttee-!:u*ene F
\*aj?y. chairman; Thorras J. CFBrtefl vi<-<
chiUrman; l>avld Barry, secretary' R*v l v
liealln, treasurer. '..'..
Committee of arrar.jrrrnpr.ts— William T
T'lynn. John liuc'io*. Michael Brown 11 ti<t
n* 1 }', Thc.n:as 1*. iJoran, K^ward Fitz-eruld
Kra.rk Kuilivan, T. I>*ach. Jnhn QutonT Wli"
liam Fitzgerald, M. Corri«is-.Ti. j. j.
Sobs Cronan, Thomas ECcselck, <;. <> O'Connor"
>!. KussJek. John McBrearty, VVlllUm HoW
J«hn Re- we. J. J O'Uri^n. j. UcDevItt, T
I'leirr, Jam<« O'Brien. K. UcQIbner. L>anlei
/hrn, P. Prunty. E. McDevitt. James Lamey
«\ O*Gonnox; John Allen. John KHlfon. John
Twcmfjr, J. n. McDerrnott, J. Devtaney. \vn
llarn A. Hreslin. Thomas Fenian. J. I^jri^ M
J'. Ward. 1*. MrNannr.e. James Huphes, Coru
Tleuan. John CofTey, J. Criffln, CJ. Dougherty
P. J. T<>rr,.itty, J. J. Sweeney, William <'on
nors. C. McGlnley, J. Tehaney, James Mu!
l:n.». John EtaMMsejr.
Floor committee— William A. r.rpslin. J. Me-
Jeremiah Finn, Thomas C. Hogan. Thomas
Furlonsr. Charles Rourke. Thomas McBrlJc,
David F. Kenney, John Rlley. John TV. Rlley,
Thomas McN'amara. C. B. Rode. Henry Lleben
berfr. Edward H. Hammer, Daniel A. Desmon-1.
William Collopy. Patrick Dunecan. Thomas F.
Maher, Jolin il. •liyrne, James Costello. Kran
cis O. Hancock, Victor A. Hancock. Jules F
Hancock. Frank J. Hancock, John W. Cos
crove, James GuiMea. P. F. Dundon. Michael
Dolan. Arthur T. McQuatde. Daniel MeQuatd?.
Frank McQuaide, James C. McQualde. Daniel
O'Driseoll. John Purcell. Michael I^urcell. Jo
seph Stanton. Peter Featherstone. Cornelius
Daly, Mr. Walsh, Joseph J. Cuslc, Owen Flan
agan. John Flanaean. P. A. Burke, Patrick J.
Keecan. Edward Sharkey, Frank J. Meyers,
Those who appeared as members of the
general, invitation and arrangements
committees are:
Some of the Visitors.
Alta.
A few years nj?o a bull-fight took nlace
In Mexico, the toreador being mounted on
a bicycle. The rider, Manuel Garcia by
name, was BO badly injured that he died
soon afterward.
Statistics show: that the proportion of
divorces to marriage in Japan is 4 per
cent.
In Quebec the citizens solace themselves
with home-srown tobacco. They have a
patriotic idea that it is superior to the
plant raised In any other nation of the
universe.
Polndexter— Oh. I don't know. The old
man caught them before they reached
the minister's.— The Smart Set.
Gllfoyle— KlIdutTs elopement wasn't suc-
cessful, was It?
"My pen shall always be ready to
5peak a Rood word for this powerful nu-
tritive food.*! had. of course, often read
the advertisements regarding Grape-
Xuts, but never thought to apply ths
food to my own use until, in my ex-
tremity and 5.ickne?s, the thought came
to me that it might fit my case. The
statements in regard to food are abso-
lutely -corect, as I have proved in my
own* case. One very fortunate thin,*
;.bout the food is that, while it is the
most scientifically made and highly
nourishing concentrated food I have
ever known, it has so delicious a taste
that it wins and holds friends."
W. S. Giiham. editor of the Capitol
cf South McAlestcr, I. T., said: *"Ycs,
it is true when I got hold of Grape-Nuts
food it was worth more than a $2000
doctor bill to me, for it made me a well
r.an. I have gained 25 pounds in
weight, my strength has returned ten-
fold, my brain power has been given
back to me, and that is an absolute es-
?cr.;ial, for I am an editor and have
been for 35 years.
Found $2000 Worth of Food.
AN OLD EDITOR
GRAPE-NUTS.THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1900.
10
HELP WANTED— FE3IALE.
4 GERMAN cooks, city. $35 and 130; 6 German
cooks, $25 each; cook, American family, ?35;
cook. Mare Island, JIO; cook, San Jose, $30;
cook and second girl, same house, San Ma-
teo. $30 and 125; housework. Palo Alto, $25;
Colusa. |25; Ross Valley, ?25: Mare Island.
*<.o; Angel Island. $20; Mill Valley, $23; and
several other towns; 20 housework girls, city,
l°ii? hd * 20; Catholic nurseglrl, «2; nurse, 1
«« . ' • A ' ame da, $20: 4 boarding-house cooks,
WO and $25; restaurant cook. $8 to $10 per
week. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
C It. HANSEN & CO* 104 Geary et.
"' ••• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Crew of irlrls for large, new hotel; $20; see
party here from 8 o'clock.
C. K. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
.-: .*•••• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses, first-class, new hotel. 120, see
> V. ar V here - 10 to 12 a. m. ; 2 waitresses. Santa
Larbara. $20, see party; 2 waitresses. Jto-
dera, $":o. fare here; 2 waitresses, mining
town, *a>. see party here, fare paid; 4 wait-
resses. Salt Lake City. $22 50. fare here; 2
waitresses, Hanford. $20. see party here; 10
waitresses, city, positively steady positions.
*-° an <i *25; 4 chambermaids, to wait. *20;
woman cook, $30, see party here; fancy ironer.
$43 and $45; pantry girl, $23, see party here.
'•••; FAMILY DEPARTMENT
i-ooK and second elrl, city. $.".0; cook. Sacra-
mento, two in family. $30. see party here,
choice place; mother and daughter as cook
ana assistant, private family, short distance
\., < i <>untryi * 40 t0 J4i - nurse, ?25. care of
one child three years old and to do sewing
tor child, see party here at 10 o'clock;
nurse to do upstairs work, city, $20;
second elrl. Grass Valley, $20 and
fare paid, choice place; woman with a child.
*u; second girl, short distance in country.
J™' refe rences, fare paid; hou3egirl, Oakdale.
$30, see party here; 50 housegirls, city and
country, from $10 to $25; nurseglrls, city,- $10,
care of two children; others, second girls,
c'ty and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
MAID: $15, $1S; must do good sewing on white
wear . : no housework. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
101 Geary st.
LAUNDRESS, Institution. $25; 6 cooks for prl-
Va !f famlI >'. W0 and $35; 10 second girls, $20
and $25; nurse, $25; young woman to assist
¦3? v 1 * * 20; wom an with a child, $15, fare
l£ Id -- hou se girl, 2 In family, $30; ranch cook,
$25. MRS.JJQRTON. 313 Sutter St.
CHAMBERMAIDS, Protestants; must be com-
R e t.M» n -r : . fl ™t-class hotel, city. MRS. LAM-
BLRT, 413 Powell st.
EXPEUIEXCED operators on ladles' silk
waists. .23 Market St., room 35.
! E £.f E , R M'' XCED operators on children's coats.
I __¦_ _^ rket St.. room 25.- -
WANTED—A girl for general housework: 3 In
family; $20 pe r month. Call at 22 Second st.
PROTESTANT girl to assist with light house-
wor.c; good home: wages moderate. 72S Guer-
rero gt.. near Twentieth.
GIRL for general housework. 1124 Greenwich
st., near Hyde.
YOUNG girl for light housework: plain cook-
Ing; 3 In family; wages $15. 532 Lyon st.
W AXTED — An experienced young woman for
cooking and general housework; must be a
i good cook. Apply to-day, between 9 and 12.
at room 313. Call butlding.
YOUNG woman for light housework and at-
tenif to a lady; $10. 716 Franklin st.
WANTED— A girl for greneral housework: small
family; German or Scandinavian preferred.
Apply at 2634^Howard st.
GIRL for general housework In small family;
no children. Call at 2727 Clay st, between
j 9 qnd 12 a. m.
I GIRL to assist with housework. Apply at 3777
1 Clay st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work; country; $S. Call at 11 Eugenia ave.,
opposite Thirtieth st.
OPERATORS; finishers also; apprentice on cus-
tom runts. 14 McAllister St.. Room 18.
In small family, girl for light housework. Call
at W72 Pace st., near Clayton.
GIRLS wanted. Apply 60S Front St., Candy
Factory.
GIRL to learn tailoring; good sewer; paid while
learning. 273 Minna st.
FIRST CLASS tailoress on pants; union wages.
903 Bush st.
WANTED— A neat, reliable girl for housework
and cooking for two; $16 per mo.; references.
Apply after 8 a. m.. 301 Jones st.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry
Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
WANTED— First-class tailoress on fine coats.
114Vi Turk et.
FINISHERS and buttonhole makers en cu«tom
j coats. 1215 Market St.. near Eighth.
i NI 1 AT , sM; .a- 531 - 518 "* nurse; Institution for
children. 512 Minna st.
; WANTED— A cook: no housework. Apply 47
Steuart St.. room 3. ,.Z*J:*'
WANTED— Help flrl for ladles' tailor. 438
Geary st.
YOUNG girl for general housework: no cook-
ln?. 1S21 Eddy st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats'
paid while learning. A. COHN, 637 Minna st.'
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking: wages $25: no washing. 16C5 % Laguna.
YOUNG woman or young girl to do housework*
good wages. 32S Eddy Et.
i _ -___ "
I WAITED— Chambermaid. Apply 321 Ellis st.
GOOD palesladles and apprentices for millinery
pay apprentices while learning. 130 Sixth st.
WANTED— Girl to work as cashier. 207 Third
street.
GOOD printer on timetables: must be stylish
_Jn^work. 26 Geary St., room 2L
j EXPERIENCED waitress wanted. 1007 Mar-
I YOUNG girl apprentice: also finishers. GRIES-
! & AUGEXBL *CK, 43 Ellis Et.
YOUNG woman to assist housework; to sleep
at home. 1413R Mason st.
WOMAN to mind 2 children; wages $S; Sun-
days and evenings off. C45 Liberty st. be-
tween Castro and Noe. 20th and 21st.
WANTED- Chambermaid at the Golden West
Hotel. 68-7C Ellis St.
COMPETENT young girl; general hous-ework;
.email American family; wages $20. Call after
, 9 o'clock at 719 Cole st.
WANTED — Two first-class finishers on gent«*
I coats and vests and 1 apprentice. 55 Har-
riet St.. L. WOLF.
j WANTED— A girl for general housework; good
! plain cook. 910 Pine st.
j GIRL about 1<! years in small family to help
j In light housework; good home; wages $8.
Inquire at 3306 Seventeenth st., near Sanchez.
GOOD hands for machine and finishers on vests.
C41V4 Stevenson st.
WANTED — Girl for oyster and delicacy store,
German preferred. 412V4 Sixth st.
WANTED— Dressmaker: good waist and skirt
hand. 387 San Jose ave.
WOMAN to wash for 2 days; call early. Ell
McAllister st., basement.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply at
1554 Fulton st.
FIRST-CLASS dining-room girl; also extra for
lunch. 206 McAllister st., restauiyuit.
GIRL for light housework; 2 In family. 1343
Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG girl for light housework; only 2 in
family. 21S Shotwell St., bet. 16th and 17th.
WANTED— Competent waitress: must do sec-
ond work for a family of 4; best city refer-
ence required: wages $25. Answer C. G., box
4097. Call office.
WAXTED — Operators, pressers and finishers on
vests. Apply E. H. LEVY, Inc., 613 Market.
FINISHERS on custom coats; also apprentice
girls. 304 Tehama st.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work; small family. Call 9 to 12. 1420 Sutter.
GOOD relinble girl for housework; good home.
Apply 4034 Seventeenth st.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
Ing. Apply, with references, 294 Stelner st.
WANTED — Experienced pickle packers. Can
secure steady employment by applying at
California Packing Company, 115 Shotwell
I St.. corner Fifteenth.
1 ¦ 1 ,i 1
WAXTED — Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highest wages
liaid; steady work; prUes for quick work.
.Arnly immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave.. between Seventh
and Elsbth sts.. oft Folsom.
TVOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit: steady work; highest wages. Apply
CALIFORNIAN CANNERIES CO.. LTD.,
Biannan Et.. between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted , on shirts: young artrls
taught: steady work: best pay. BRENNER-
XJLMAN CO.. 19 Battery at.
APPRENTICES on overalls. BTANDARD
SHIRT FACTORT. cor. Qoush and Grove its.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTIXXED.
FINE location for shoe «tore In rapidly grow-
ing neighborhood; fixtures complete: 4 rooms;
rent reasonable. Northeast corner Third ave.
and Clement st.; Sutro cars pass door.
ESTABLISHED bakery and restaurant: will
sell reasonable; account of sickness. 714 Va-
lencia Et-
FOR SALE— Clear, tobacoo and stationery busi-
ness; need Etand. 323 Montgomery ave.
WELL-STOCKED stationery, notion and cigar
etore. Box li. Call branch, 3C0 Hayes st.
5100 — CORNER grocery and bar. with 4 living
rooms, im Howard et.. corner Langton.
SAIXK3X for eale cheap; located In the Potrero.
ir.43 Kentucky st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 411» Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Fillmore Et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et. ____^^_^
LODGIXG-HOLSKS FOR SALE.
A-22-ROOM roomirg-house: central $1000
: 11-room house; 1300 down, balance easy... 500
20-room house: first class lGf>0
SO-roon house; .ill newly furnished 3100
I 11-room house. M76; 6-room flat 223
j FISHER & CO.. lf-32 Market Ft.
! A— SAY. FISHElt & CO.. have you lodKlng-
j houses? Y«"s. what price? J2no up. any loca-
1 tion desired; 12 rooms, J300; 10 rooms. $450; 10
; rooms, new, j:<vO, fl'.ie; 20 rooms, bargain, $750;
! S7 rooms. J2000. snap: all slues, all rrlees. all
r.ew bargains; call ar.d see us. 1032 Market.
34-ROOMED house on McAllister: transient
j 28 room6 and boardlnjj-houFe; on Eddy....
j 10-rocmed flat; elecant furniture; very cheap.
22-roomed house on Geary; a bargain......
I S-roctned house on Hyde ft.: make offer
J 13-roomed house en Turk: $150
[ A lovely cottage on Halcht, nr. Laguna: low
; price: a lar.re list of other houses at office.
[ EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy. tel. Folsom 1313.
HOUSES frcm 10 to ISO room?: good locations:
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned; to buy or sell your lodR-
lnc-house or furniture and secure satisfaction
write or call SCHWEI.N'HAIID & CO.. 917
Market st.. above Fifth; tel. M^nt 1911.
tt. II. WINSTON & CO.. :f-26 Market st.
IS rooms*, rent (50; clean house $K>0
'2 rooms; comer: rent $C5 1150
?.* rooms; rent ?40: only SCO
CO rooms; rent ?5j; peo it 1200
17500— LARGE lot v:lth stores and sn-room ho-
tel on main street In Alair.eda; clos« to nar-
row and Lr.--a.1 gause lin»-s: fine and good-i.ay-
in? Investment; liberal terms. A. M. SPECK
& CO.. ec: Market st.
MORTGAGED— 14-rootn house; landlady golnir
nway; must sell: mortgage $5'W; prico $C0O;
never has sold for less than $J30; rent $30. C.
D. DAVIS, room <"?. MC Market st.
OVER ZOO houses* for sale; price, location. Flze
nnd trnns to pult you: call for list. M. GRIF-
FIN". T19 Market St.. room 1. by "Call*' bldg.
12 ROOMS, furnished for housekeeping; all
rented. SSI Mission St.: ch^ap.
IF you want to sMl your house quick for cash
see SKIFF". Z<H Montgomery st.
CARUIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, 'buRsriea, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAX & SOX, 2117 Mission st.
AN A Xo. 1 express wat;cn. single, also light
•"ampins wagon, for sale cheap. B32 Mif«ion.
HEW £.¦ 2d-hand wagons, l.uggies. carls St har-
ness, work .<> driving hersre. 11th &¦ Valencia.
CAMPAIGN TIIOTO HLTTOXS.
MF'T of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelo"
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature I'nrtrait Co.. Sl'> Market St.. S. F.
SIMUITL'ALISM.
ARRIVJED— -Mrs. Vr. Farnham, world-renowned
hpiritual medium: advice in all affairs of life.
lawsuits, divorces, deaths: unites Otm separat-
ed: mining a specialty; eirs. Sun.. Wed.. Frl.
eve's: come and be convinced, i Permanently)
613 Eddy, bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-nisht: convincing test:
Mrs. Maxwell; S p. m. : readings daily. 123$
Howard st.
1'ME. YOUNG'S convincing- test circle to-
nicht.. €C5 McAlUrter St.; 10c; sittings dally.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 3 1
p. m. 14 McAllister St.. rm. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. Harland's circle to-nifrht: prophetic tests
10c; business readings daily, jl. 14S Sixth Et.
FAMOUS medium and palmist. ""Pnecial this
week." Kull readings. 2Zc and DOc. 1581 Mkt.
MATCiIeTT holds circle to-nleht. S o'clockT
10c: tert ail. 132 4th; sittinzs daily. £0c.
MME. MAJOR?, -rifted spiritual medium, healer
and card reader. 1S2 Sixth St.. room 1.
MRS. LESTEH— Circle Sun., Tues., Frl. eves.,
10c; readings daily: L. 25e, G. SOc. 127 Turk.
MRS. J. J. WH1TXKY. clairvoyant, test, business
rr>»dium. life reader: sittings Jl. 1104 Market.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 33.". McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. dilly: convinc'* tert<* to-nleht 10c.
CLA1IIVOYAXTS.
MME. 1-1>11TER. wonderful clairvoyant & carl
reader, born with double veil »•> second sight,
d!ag-ncs?s disease with life rf-n dine?: Iad!es50o;
E»ntf $1; paint, & flair, sit. SI oO. 120 Turk st.
ISMAR. th«- Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, rern:anfntly located 114S Mark.-t.opp.
tth; private reelings daily 10 a. ra. to 5 p. m.
MME. ZF-KEUA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader : 25c. 7 Seventh: no sign.
MMFV LENEMAU— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted overdue nmr Cold wreck. 310 Mason et. !
WYLLIE.* i.hoto medium. 230 Ellis St.; last :
week : come early.
MMi:. HANSON. paJmlstry. card reader; past,
presf ;it. future, 25c. 14S Sijth st., room 14.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 11. Cth: German Epokn.
MME. i-CHAFFER. clair-.oyant, card reader;
tlttings Pally. 212*2 Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader ar.d
palmistry; truth or no pay: 2^c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
i advice; nan.es Riven; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. ;
j MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
¦ band's picture, 25c: Indies. 914 O'Farrell Et.
CAIll'ET BEATIXG A\D CliEANKVcI
! WHEN you become (ilfgusted with iw)r work
j send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ln:,- Works. Z'Z-'lZl Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
3. McQUEEN'S California Oirpet Cleaning Co..
4:3 StcvenKon st.; tel. South 22S: lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Ccrpet-Beatinir and Rc-no-
vatlng Co.. i'43 Fourteenth et. ; tel. Mission 74.
! CITY Steam Carpct-lieatins Tv'orks. G H
BTEVENS. mj-T., 3S-40 Sth St.; ?el. South 250.
CARPETS ciraned at Cc per yard, '.aid at 4c
BTUATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Je«y| e 844.
ADVANCE Carpet Cltaningr Co.. 402 Sutter st •
1 tel. Main 294. GEO. AVAI.COM. proprietor. "
I CONKLIN'S Carp't-Bcatinj; Works, 303 Golden
date ave.: t»lrphone East IZft.
COI.LKCT1OS OFFICES.
i OEOBOE AV. KELLY'S Agency— No~c~harKe~urT
! 1pk3 succespful. Room 310, *»27 Market at,
j "
j COTTACKS TO LET.
1 XEV.' cottace. 4 rooms, yard and chicken-house;
j i>3 Manchester St.; key at 200 I'recita ave.; JIQ.
! KUNNY cottage. 212H Perry st.; rent reason^
I able. Apply O. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
eomery st.
fS— HOUSE. 4 rooms; worth $12; In city; near
Holly Park. Apply 04 Silver at., off third.
DESTISTS] ~
AT"thV ELECrritO^DENTAlTcLiNIC, SC3 liar-
ket at., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Klood bid-?., yoa can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates cur specialty; gold crowns,
J3 LO up; plat(«, extractions free, H 60 up; of-
fice hours. S 0. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, S to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the flnesl
patents for painless dentistry, piates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted; 1 plates, full set. ti; fdllngs.
tOc: crown. 12 CO. CiilcacoIJ^ntal Parlors.24 Cth.
EIGHT prizes for beet crowns, plates, bridges
Li-.d filllncs; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method.; CO years' ex-
perience; no students ; advico free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. CEORGS \V. LEEK. 2i> OTarrell st.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work Is
unexcelled and cur prices are the lowest: call
and see our samples and get our prices before
jjoing elsewhere; best of references: examina-
tion free. CRS. PERKINS & 13OVEY. 10i3
Market Et., bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevatcr.
TEETH extracted free; plates, J5; crowns, $3 50;
briuKework. 15; all the latest methods for
pairilcFs dentistry; hour?. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
llcdcrn Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. G.G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per get; extracting. 50c; gas given.
DR. ALBERT HILL. SiO Market, cor. Stockton,
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prlco for best work.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 205 Kearny. cor. Bush--
Full set of teeth. 14: crowns. $3; fillings. 25o.
VAN ¦VROOM— "Painless": evenlns» and Sun-
daya. 1001 Market Bt.. corner Sixth.
SAFE and sure; an excellent opportunity lor a
man of means to turn hln money rapidly. l>e-
tall3 fully explained and thorough Investiga-
tion tolicited at 4CG Eighth st.. Oakland.
LOST AM> KOOD.
LOST— Small black and white dog; curled-up
tail. Ions hair, return to CIVa Natoma st.
and receive reward.^
YOLTNG yellow collie with white breast and,
feet; reward. 1710 Pacific ave.
IF the party who took watch No. 117.S27 <lns!J>
of case) from a toilet on Sixth st. Will return
same to Call office he will receive »2C> reward
and no Questions asked.
$100 REWARD for return 4 Leaven worth, Kan.,
bonds: JlODD each: value to owner only; r.o
cuestions asked. M. A. McFARLAND. S.M
Geary st.. San Francisco. Cal.
FOUND— Black Kreyhoand^iotr with white eel.
lar and toes. Apply OMEYER. cor. Faxton
and Orafton sts.. Inglosule.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS DAVIES. 12:?^arkeTst^Re7N
able ladies' and c?nts" specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure KUaranteed at of-
fice; ladl?s treated can return home the sam*
day; try the celebrated IIINUO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one ran use it by di-
rections: perfectly harmless: home for confine-
ment. Send live 2-cent star.ips for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reiiab'*
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5: positive cure: home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful med'.cal
attention: consultation free and confidential.
44G Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, th- w-rld-renowne.1
ladles' specialist: s-afe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years: treat-d thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can o*
used at home: consultation free. After all
other3 fall call on him. 1023'-i Market at.
DRS. GOODWIN.well-knnwn Indies* specialists.
have returned frnm Europe; safe and reiiab!-:
cure J5: have treated thousands of cases with
success: 13 years' practice in S. F. : maternity
home; low fees. 1007^ Market *t.. near Sixth.
A— NEW process: treat progress In medical
science: every woman her own physician; no
medicine or rilli u«*ed: can be sent and used
at home. DR. POPPER. SIS Kearn/ st.
MRS. nit. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yr».*
practice: hcrae In confinement; treatment at
office. $5: any ailment: •¦onsu'Jatlcn free; con-
ndential. M2 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Lark: a.
NG TOT KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: s«nd for testimonials: advice frea. Sanl-»
tarlum. 7C4 Facramento st.. corner Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN. K2Z Market— Ledl-s* upecial-
lst: home in confinement; safa and reliable;
consultation free: hnuri 10 to S.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Prtvat* honia
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE— Th» only genuine ladies' specialist.
Office im Market st.
DR. WONT, HIM. h»rb doctor, treats all dls-
HtW of t^<» human hodv. "IS Mamn st.
MISCKLLA.\'EOCS — FOIl SALE.
BOILERS, eneines :d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTO5H & WOLPMAN. 155-137 Fr«raoat at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcaaea, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have, a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S2 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 34 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 10-.1, 10_: Ml33loa St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
FIRST-CLASS S H. P. steam engine. an5
boiler: bargain. EPSTEIN. 533 Mtsslon st.
FURNITURE and sewlns machine, for sale,
cheap. 624' 2 Lombard «t.
FOR SALE— Property of the Live Oak Consol-
idated Gold Mining Co.. situated Jn Nevada
County. 13 miles north of Auburn; 2 patent»l
claims: S-stamp fjuartz mill: ditch and hoist-
ing works complete. For further particular^
Inaulre of A. MEISTER. 511 Ninth St.. Sac-
ramento. Cal.
A BEAUTIFUL, alrnrst new. solid 14 karat
lady's sold watch, havlnjr 5 diamonds In cen-
ter of case, for onlv tno; the original cost was
jSO. UNCLE HARRIS. V, Grant ave.
A — BUTS. sells or rents tear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 21>? Spear st.
A— $3 5f> DERRT and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pln».
A— 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill air com-
pressor. JAP.DINES. 2:0 Fremont st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wool
planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2.1-hanrt; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
STEEL tanks, nil sizes: suitable for water or
oil: cheas: all ihaon: second-hand. II. S.
WHITE. 51S Mission st.
A FINE suit. 119: dress pants. 13 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
NEWFOUNDLAND puppy: also French p<x>-
dle pups and tiny blaok and tan. 14? Tehama.
FULL lln» cameras and photo supplies; selHr.?
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan OfSce. 25 Siktn.
A 10- TON Fairbanks scala and flr« and burglar
proof safe. 21« California st.
!D-HA\D photographic and magic lantern out-
fits boujrht, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS secor.d-hand modern •njflnes anj
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfff. Co.
EDISON concert phonograph; reduced price.
J73: concert records. i\ SO. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
2D-HAND fire-proof safe; 1 fire- and burglar
proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. TUB IIEIt-
MAN.N SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t.
SAFES*— New and second-hand: all sizes. THH
WALTZ SAFE. 1^-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCKf.LA.Mlors WANTS.
SECOND-HAND * hammerless shotgun, 12-
gauge; state price and make. Box 4043. Call.
LADIES* and gents' cast-off clothing bought A
sold. SHverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1131.
KLEIN still pays best prlcw for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 103 Sixth St.: tel. Jessta 141.
IF you wish full value for your cast-oft clothlnff
call on Tt. fOHEX. 1.V7 Third: t<-l. Flack 4*rt.
MO.\EY TO LOAX.
ANT amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortjraces and legacies bought: no de-
ley; get my terms before doing busin-'ss else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. ».
ANT proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life in?urance. Room IS. first floor.
Chronicle bids. HALLORAN & OLSEX.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry »t low-
est rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4t» Market
St.; tel. Main 1544. Branch 19 Third St.
ON furniture and pianos without removal :qu!c!c
service: money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
6S and «t. Donr.hoe building. IK'? Market at.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mor-gae^ and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. y> Montgomery.
MOST reliable slace to borrow on diamonds.
watches, jewtlry. W. J. HESTHAL. U S.xta;
highest price for old gold, silver, d.amonds.
SALARIES "AND* FURNITURE
O. H. HA RS H I iARGKR. 322 E'.lls. room 31
AT i:s Kearny st.. room 9. respectable prtvat*
place to bcrrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rate?; take elevator. Telephone Davi.-* W3.
at 6 per cent in sums to suit In city; also
JliiO COO on large ranches; also nn second mort-
gages. It. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine St.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and,
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. 3"1 Jones St.. corner EJdy.
HONEY loaned salaried p-ople without security.
I HILL, r. 44. Merchants* Ex.. 4'J1 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confl-
drntial; m diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
H. MURPHY. 6U0 Market st.. solves ail kinds o»
financial problems: i*d estat-s. etc.
TO salaried pcrple without security: all busi-
ness ccnfider.tlal. Tcusley Co.. ZZ\ Parrott bi?.
On furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; n>
commission. Mrs. Wllsnn. rm. 101. 6 E.1dy st.
: CASH loaned tr> salaried people on nr.te without
; lndorser. MORRELL. 6'0 Examiner bulldin;.
, ON furniture, piancs, ¦without removal: no com-
ml?*slon; private. LICK. UG McAllister at.
TO salaried men without collateral or Imlfl— r -
! S. F. Discount Agency, ltr! Phe'an building.
3ILS1CAL l.\STUL^ENTS.
WE have one of the best equipped shops In th-*
country for repairing pianos; repairs, var-
| nishlng and polishinsj done at r*?asonabl*»
; prices and payment accepted la tastallaien'.*.
i MAUVAIS'. 760 Market »t.
! NOW is the time to exchange your oid »quar<»
or ucrlKht for a new upright. You can S** 1
more for them now than ever again. C*U a:
once at MAUVAIS'. 7S!) Market St.-
1 THE old. crigir.al and only Decker riano: e»-
tablished In 1»C6: is sold exclusively *>v * n< *
MAUVAIS Music Cov. ~iS> Mark-- 1 : »«• Thej '
I are strictly frst-class. ,
! WE offrf you the bset -rocda. the^^V?'
and the best treatment of any ho''»« JJ/jV^
Si ty i. Try u " **>& Ha convinced. JlAC^AiJ.
l_ 3W Market at, —
8A\ FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, ccrner of Slarket and Third «treet«. open
Lnt'.l 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery itreet
ccrr.er Clay; cpen until !:SA p. m.
TOO Hayes street: open until 8:39 p. m.
CZi McAllister street: open until S:30 p. m.
CIS Lerkln etreet; cpen until P:*0 p. m.
IStl Slisfion street; open until 10 p. m.
2T€1 Market eireet. corner Sixteenth ; open
until 8 p. m.
1CW Eleventh etreet; cpen until 9 p. m.
10S6 Valencia rtreet: cpen until S p. in.
Northwest ccrr.er Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreeti; open until » p. in^
MEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. 6. R. A. M.. J»
w^ UK-tt THIS CTUESDAXl EVEN-^B-l
ir!fc, S'-pt ember 4, at "i:Z0 o'clock.
Stated meeting and M. II. degree. By' VI
order cf the 11. IV
FBA N KLI N H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and A. m
M.— Stated neetlsc THIS (TUESDAY) ,0k
EVENING al 7:-u o'clock. >2Jk
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary. *>y *
PACIFIC Lodto No. i:«. 1". aiid A. M.. «-
a:: Eddy St.— Stmted meeting TUISJ-^
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. jLjR
QEOBGE PENLINGTON. Sea. f^» r>
ORIENTAL Lodce No. 144. F. and A. e»
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) -4\_
EVENING at S o'clock. J\J\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. #V>
VTALHALLA Encair.pmer.t No. 7. I. O «y A
O. F. — The officers ar.d the funeral Jf
committee of the above-named tncaxji- /V
meut are hereby notlfled to assemble at^ \
Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market and Sev-
enth sts.. on WJ r .UNi:SI>AY. September 5. at
2:50 jv m.. for the purpose of cttendins the
ruaenl of cur late Brother Patriarch. LOUIS
BECKER. By onier of the Chief Patriarch.
OIARLE.S QUAST, Financial Scribe.
HARMONY I/>IWE~SO. 13. I. O. Ti-"""g-|'
O : ". "• e ¦ ::.«.¦: 9 :.¦-'. the funeral
ccrr.nilttec of the above named = S*VjKJ)^5iF
loexe are hereby notified to as- *'w<ti 1 N
ftmble at Odd Fellows* Hall. cnr. Market and
Seventh et*.. en WEV>NI-SDAY. Sept. o, at
1:30 o'clock p. m., for th<* jpurpoye of at-
tending the funeral of our lale iircther LOUIS
BECKER. P. G. By or3cr rf the N. G.
CHARLES QUAST. Financial Secretary.
CALIFORNIA I>*Jjr» No.~l, LO.
<~>. P.— Members will meet in ha'.l
WEDNESDAY. September 5. at "C^S^g 1 ? 1
1:20 c. B1.. to atter.il the funeral -i-i^SrV 5 -
of our late brother. T. li. TATLOH.
J. H. HANSEN. N. O.
IVANHOE Lodse No. K. K. of P.. will »T
confer the krfght rank (long form)., ft»
WEDNESDAY. September 2a. l»"0. CV^V*C
Bt Pythian Cactle. M»U Market f=t.. itSA?
at S:S0 o. m. Members of si-=ter lodge! oor-
«IIa:!> Invited. M. N. BRADEEN. C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K of R. & S.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Soriety— Quar- *
tcrly meeting of t'ie above named ETiSfe?
society win be held on WEDNES- BSiSHf
KAY EVENING. Sf-ptember g, IMft jjfgjg
at T:.*0 o'clock rharp. By order of
J. L. RADOVlCiI, President.
AUG. MIKULICH. Ilec. Sec.
GOLDEN GATE Camp No. ~^, _~H
(A — M^mlM-rs are hereby c5
r»rcl cf our l«te nciph- P5^j5mISJS3^'* = - : LI/
Native Sons' Hall, ' 411
Ft., at 1030 a. m.. WETMCESDAT
September 5. i:. r. KNGELMAN.
Consul Commander.
THE snr.i:i! meetlnr of the stockholders of the
DAIBTMEVS UNION of California will be
'¦'¦ '•' 'he office of ih» f-oi-poration. HI. 12S
_3 Dftrta St.. on WEDNESDAY. September
I-. XSOd. at 1 o'clock p. i:i., for the ->_rpose !
cf elective directors for the «-n.«u!ns year and
the transaction of naci other business as ir.ay
coir.e le:.->re the meeting.
g. H. CITED A. S-cretary.
SPECIAL revival meotir^s at Per.te.stal Uisftton '
Hall. 231-i Fourth et.: by Bev. John I5e-.n-r '
Anders'/n. British ;ipiir.? t.ilgrlm. Aug. 3
to S«- r t. •;; yoa ar o brrtted.
PENIEL carr.p meeting. Beulah Park. East
«'nfc'f.n4. S>»;t. 1 tr. Hgyt. 16.
XTTonxnvs at law.
ADVICE frw; divorce law a ypeoialty; private*
Ra foe without success; collection's. G. w' ;
HOWE, any at law. B0 Market. cor.Htockton. \
li. W. KIXO. attorr.ey, f 27 Market"^.. roamUzT: '
g'-"''"-! practice; moderate f«-s: consult, free. !
FREE a<3\ice; Clvoree laws, damaees, estate i
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 214 Montgomery, i
Al'VICE free: ni chr»rg-e unless successful. w7 !
V>". DAVIDSON. S2T Market Et.. cpp. Mason. ]
L. (-. CLARK. Emma Spreekels bid?.. ScfMar^
fcft tt. ; ec-rukatlon free; co fee? in advance.
Cl'FTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. 127 Market !
*t.. r. r.T. : o'lfn eve.. 7-?: crnsu'tation free. J
AGEXTS WAXTED.
j: TO $50 dally easily made Ly r*ur Live j
Agents, men or women, ceiling our latfft i
novelty. caE*p»igr: v. atc-rproof ne-kties; goods
entirely new and patented; a?ents delighted; ]
ea'.es unlimited: What ethers do you can do; : -
t:ni<? is fhort; write to-day and secure exclu- j
tiw» territory: guaranteed best seller. Ad- I
di-^fs. with stamp, M. &. M. MANFG CO. ]
Cer.artrr.ent C. t-rnngfleM. Mass.
LADY solicitors everjnrbere; female tonic; pre- i
v>?r.tlve. corrective z:,; Phelan tulldhiK. S .F. |
AGENTS of ability and e-perience in life Ir.sur- j
ar.ee. C_!l et r-orn 101. W Market, cor. Sixth.
WE handle rn-fft novelties fcr agents*. PA-
'.'IFirr AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. Z*r.l isth Ft. \
ASPnALTOM ROOFING.
-. I'ELTIEK. upfallt rcK>fln?T^Twtilks?l-e!lIr
fV>cr» '.a.M. repaired: poytal. :1SC MlPSK.n et.
ASTKOLOGV.
MME. HICKET, f^trolc^istrKeTTwrlio^oscope
with fujl explanation of your future, Ktc; card
r-'R'l'r.g ar./". r-almlrtry. ?r.c. 1PS3 Mission ft.
BATH CABIXETS.
BOBIXSON t", 4-panel fol^n^raooTcpe^iTrflrin
and >i_>. W. P. HKOWN. gen, agt-. 426 EU'.s.
BISIXESS CIIAXCES.
A— $K0; GROCHRT an<! bcr, w!th S living
roor_a: rent $20; thickly settled neighbor-
hood, eoutb cf Market 6t- CaJl It. G. WILKE
2£-j Kearny «t.
A— CORNEll cljjar ttore on Kearny et. ; clear-
1ns s-bove J1S0 per month. Call R. G. WILKE,
2C : ,4 Keamy Et.
JL — tXQ; CORNTIR fwloon ca Polk et-; long
lease; cheap rent; first-claes paylr.jj business;
C'jsth of owEtr cau.«e cf eale. £<.«. K G
M'lLKE. :£'- a Kearr.y et.
A—9XI»: SAI>OON; close to new Hall of Justice;
rent !?.<•; daily receipts CU: a enap. Call li.
KM Kearr.y *L
?— ClOSO: PARTNER wanted In porter, stout
and Weiss beer brewery; Investigate* a rare
chance. Call It. O. WILKE. 2C* Keamy et.
JL— J-^Ou; STATIOXERvTV.otior.s and ice c-eam
parlors, connected with general agency cf all
S. F. paper*; also Benera! n«ency of 2 steam
laundries; no <TijK> fc itlon In either line; rent
S±S: In lively hnire— town across the bay.
_P8rt;cu:am H. O. WILKE, Xhi Keamy ft.
.A— ;io«>: DAKEEV, 2 blocks couth of Market
ft.: p<ace e*tab v years: dolaf a good business;
rul store trade; n-nt 141.: i ! s to 2 harMs r«-r
day, l'iirtlculara R. O. WILKE, 26^ K< arny.
JiC-3— STATIONERY, cardy. periofiica'.!. school
*-om-1i*-5. etc*.; laiire fctock: flr.e location; best
place in city. LANE ft oO., j£S M_ r Uet st.
KK-BESTACRAKT; wholesalTdln.; old rst •
rir.e locf-tion; doir.p flre cafh business- c';»aD
rent: rr.ust pe!l. LANE & CO.. f<£ Market mt.
51 ft7^J-T?r N T5 K . l:Torery and bar: bargain. Mc-
LAI'WILIN & CO., TTTVi Market ft.
IW-FCBNIBHED Hat. north of Market «L-
CO^H Mar^ f ,t^ e - McLA^""* *
WE have largest list of saloons, hotel*. *n>
cents, clsar Btom, de!lcate.^ R « > t e in th»
y: cV- f », re , l ' Uying Ca!1 SCHWEINHAIID &
t^:^e M^^. U:wuea nrth aM SISth -
JCO ayenu: fine boreain— Resta-iram and b*
kery; 3 livlr.g-rocrr.«; must Fell; present oc-
cupant S years; never en the market b»*o-*
_ f&rtlcu'.ara at 103 Fifth it. oe-o.e.
CIGAIi etore: clubroom In rear; heart eitv
rnap. TOttlXG. 717 Market et. *'
PAKTNEH wanted In printing busines** a rood
rppcrtuplty. <12 McAllister Bt. ' B
1ZA— BUTTER, cjrss. rr.Ilic. delicacies; livln*
rooms; rcct J15. water freo. S'jj Sixth st.
6ALOON lor i>ale: opposite ftrry. Apply m
Ea^t tt. north of SJarket; no agents.
6ALC»ON' on bur street: dolnsr nod buslnesa.
Pr.rti-r'.lars U. S. Brewery. S3J Kulton tt.
WANTED- Kinar.clal assistance to rTfect ln-
vf-ntlor.; cooking stove burnlns crudti petro-
leunr, !:a!f-;:iter»(=t f> right party having jew
hur.d:td ta invest. Ecx tS37. Call ofllce.
COUNTRT merchants trading with Indlar.s can
find a market fOr Ir.dloxi U&Ekets by address-
inc the Mexican and Indian Curto Co., £15
Seventeenth St.. Denver. Colo.
U300— COAL and feej yard and express busl-
n»e»: i horses and Z wajrons; pood building-;
Jiving: room*; Ions leaFe; excellent chance;
good location. 2&S5 fiixteenth tt.
TO rer.t— Fcr coal rard. ir.llk depot, etc.: fine
location; place !• entirely covered: conta!f>« 3
BTolle: rent enly flZ; water free. Inquire WH
1IKNDRICKSON & CO.. CU Call building.
FOn SALE— A bargain; a email rnllk but'mes*;
corcnieip. Apply H. BLAXKEN, Slx-raUe
Hcti*t, _Saa Bruno roaul, .
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
3214 Fremont st.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WOOLEN mill help wanted— Boss finisher and
weavers on blankets: highest wages paid on
the coast; correspondence confidential. Apply
J. W. COLLINS, 7 and 9 Battery st., city.
INTELLIGENT, Industrious girls wanted ae
Etockkeepers and salesladies at millinery. 1323
Stockton st.
NURSE girl, $10. Apply 233 Third ave., bet.
South California and Clement; tako Geary
or Sutter-st. car.
LADY free from home cares can secure per-
manent position as treveler for city firm by
addressing at once box 40S4. Call office.
GIRL for work In restaurant. 690 Fourth st.
WANTED— Apprentice for hairdresslng. MISS
A. V. DOYLE. 1704 Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework.
1148 Market St., photo Kallery.
YOUNG girl for light housework; small family.
912 Fulton st.
APPRENTICE at M3IE. LICHAU'S Dress-
making Parlcrs, 455 Geary st.
| AYANTEP— A goocl plain cook. Apply to MRS.
J. O'SHEA. Sover.toenth and Vermont sts.
GIRL to help in kitchen: must sleep home. Call
Delicacy Store. 4'".a Van Ness ave.
Al FINISHER on suits at M. SIMINOFF. 122S
Market st.
GIRLS wishing to marry honest men write to
MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st. : no charges.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman to assist
general housework In Berkeley; gocd home;
small wages. Box 4089. Call.
PRESSERS wanted on overshlrts. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 17 Battery st.
WANTED— Women*and elrls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom Ft., between ISth and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at .1096
Valencia st.
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
j A— MURRAY & READY Phone MaTn~5S4S
; ...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
j Want 7 a. m. To-Day ,
We Ship Free
Men for all pnrts of California, I'tah, Wash-
ington. Arizona. Oregon, Colorado, Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands .
Free fare and office tet only $1
Special to-day to the following districts:
Dunsmulr Redding Shasta :
Herndon Fresno Memlota.. ¦
Los Angeles and. .Santa Barbara districts
Reno (New) and Truckee districts i
Crows Landing. .and Newman districts ! ,
San Luis and ..Surf districts I .
Tiakersfleld and ..Madera districts;
Salt Lake City s,*1a Springs |
And other points good wages | •
We Shin Free Come one. como all
It only cost3 $1 fee and no other expenses J
Come, see i '
MURRAY & READY, KZi-Vti Clay st.
A— WE PAY YOUR FARE
AND. .SHIP. .TO-DAY. .TO.. THE. .SAW-
MILLS AND WOODS
130 laborers, no experience required, wages :
from $26 to $10 and found, fare paid !
50 woodsmen and mlllmen, $59 and $30 and i .
found; shingle sawyer, $50 and found; donkey '
engineer, Sonoma Co»
Head donkey man for the woods: sniper, line ¦
pullers, carriage setter, Jackscrewer, planing
mill help, in fact, every class of sawmills
and woods help, good wages; carpenters
Free faro I
HANDY MEN, hero Is a good Job for you..
130 men, who can use hatchet, to build flume, :
$30 to $40 and found, long Job....
50 woodsmen and laborers, Santa Cruz Co..
60 lumber pilers, Santa Cruz Co., $60; 5 lum-
ber pilers. city yard. $52
.... FARMS. .VINEYARDS. .ORCHARDS ....
DAIRIES
78 ranch hands, teamsters, etc., $26 to $32 50
and found
10 men to break colts $45 and found
Milkers, cheesemakers and buttermakers
Farmers and wives, $35 and $40 and found
Blacksmiths and helpers $60 and $52
Stablemen, hostlers, buggry washers, $23 to
$35 and found Chore boys and men
HELP. .FOR. .THE. .MINES
62 laborers, no experience required, for all
parts of California $33 to $40 and found I
Miners, single and double hand. .$75 and $M I
173 laborers and teamsters, city and short
distance in the country. $1 75 to $2 50 day; '
brick setters and wheelers
Tlemakers, woodfhoppfrs, etc
.. BESIDES. .THE. .ABOVE. .WE. .HAVE ..
.. HUNDREDS.. OF.. OTHER.. POSITIONS..
If you want work. .Come see us
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
FRUIT PICKERS MEN AND BOYS
150 fruit and prune pickers for Santa Clara
and Yolo counties, $30 and found, $2 25\ton: 30
men and boys to gather and knock almonds,
Solano Co., $30 and found, fare $1 23; 300 men
and boys to pick fruit, work In packing
houses and dry yards. long Job, $30 and found.
MEN and BOYS. ANYBODY WILL SUIT, to
pick fruit In Marin, Solano, Tulare, Yolo,
Santa Clara, Stanislaus and Yuba and other
counties
ONLY $1 OFFICE FEE
and fare from 50c up.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay St.
A— BOY for this office.* MURRAY & READT\ i
631-6?6 Clay st. I
A— BAKERS .. COOKS .. LAUNDRY .. HELP |
Second baker, country shop. $40 and found, i
fare paid: also bakers and helpers ."
Candymaker Icecream maker.
27 cooks, city and country, $30 to $30 and
found: night cook and helper for mines, $35!
and $35 and found; bakery and milk wagon
drivers 1
Boys for Institution butchers
Laundry men pantry men
Dishwashers and others i
MURRAY & READY. 634-635 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL FOR GOVERNMENT POSI-
TIONS Engineer who understands lathe;
:>alnter. $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63C Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 GEART ST.
1000 men for new nailroad work
200 teamsters. State of Nevada $2 a day
1P0 teamsters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
SO teamsters, Monterey County $2 a day I
50 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day j
ICO laborers. Surf J2 a day
20 tunnel men for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park. Los Angeles County.... $2 to $2 50 a day
....FOR THE S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK....
200 men Regular wages
....FOR THE FOLLOWING DIVISIONS
Truckee and Mendota
Dunsmulr Redding Shasta,
For all the above places •
Fee $1 Ship dally :....Free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook for railroad camp, free fare; cook, coun-
try hotel. $60; oyster man. SSO and board: 10
restaurant cooks, city. $8. ?!». $10 and $12 a
week; third cooks. $30 and $10; 2 cooks, coun-
try hotels, $40 and $15; pantryman, country
hotel. $23: 20 dishwashers an.l kitchen hands,
city and country, $20, $25 and $30; 10 waiters,
city and country. $30, *33 and $40.
Nurse. Institution, $30; laundryman and
wife, Institution, $60; 3 porters, country ho-
tels, jr. and $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ¦
WAITERS for Monterey County, free fare; 20'
teamsters for rallrond work. $2 a day. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. i 104 Geary st. , [i
RAILROAD blacksmith and railroad camp
cook: free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
20 RAILROAD laborers, free fare: 15 laborers
for a lumber road. J2C and found, fare ad-
vanced: woods and mill men and others at
good wages. J. F. CROSETT Agency. €23
Sacramento <st.
HOTEL cook and wife, $75; colored cook and
wife, $50; cook, small hotel. $25; oyster man.
$4"); restaurant cooks, waiters, J20, $23 and
$33; hotel norte.r. $30; 2 dishwashers for in-
stitution. J20 and $23. nnd other restaurant
and hotel help. J. F. CROSETT Aeency. 623
Sacramento St.
6 GRAPE nickers. $1 25 ton: 10 fruit pickers, |
$1 day anc! beard; 3 more laborers for factory, ]
J8 to 20 cents on hour: farmers, $23; coach-
' man. $30: man about place. $20: edgerman, $3
diy: i>laner rr.cn. $3 day and $30 and board:
bench hands, cabinetmakers and others. J. i
P. CROSETT Aeency, 62S Sacramento sv
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
AVANTED— For plnninp mill, 1 first-class
sticker hand: 1 first-class sash and door
maker; 2 first-class bench hands, competent
and exnerlenced. Address box 4044, Call.
WANTED — 2 first-class sticker hands, also a
few bench hands, at Pacific Planing Mill,
Berry St., near Sixth. ,
TAILOR'S rutter wanted; one that Is a good
I coatmaker. Address C. J. ANDREWS, Port
Townsend, Wash.
GOOD live man: keen plain accounts and bo-
llcit. Apply SKIFF, C04 Montgomery st.
AN errand boy. Call after S a. m.. 217 Pine st.
WANTED— Walter. 519 Post St.; call early.
BARBERS— Three-chair shop; cigar stand;
laundry office. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106
Ellis «t.
13IISHELMAN and pres?er at the California
Clothing Renovatory, US Geary st.
A COATMAKER wanted at 223 Sutter St.. up-
stalrs.
A PORTER at 19 Powell st. '."1
STEADY boy of good address; 18 years. CAR-
SON GLOVE CO.. 33 Market st.
BOY wanted: srood position and steady work
JACOBI BROS. & CO.. 335 Bush St.
WANTED— Steady man, with small caplui*
permanent place: -will pay $S5 per month ymr
round; light work. 1018 Market at* room jo^
POP HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, Jl BO; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. W est 636.
DR. Creelv's C, P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DIlESSMAJvEBS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market Et.
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES^T^slrjesa Coliege?"?23 Market Bt.; life
scholarship. $i0; Includes shorthand, typing,
boGkkoeping. telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
A -THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Fchool for the university, law and medical
coiiepes: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building^
I BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. !n college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
1 $25. TARR. expert occnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arcli.: day, eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year get positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
Ni:?S COLLEGE. 12S6 Market ft.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. ; founded 1S63; SO-page catalogue free.
PIANO and Gennnn; pupil of Conservatory In
Leipslc: lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 303 Larkln—
AH branches; thorough: positions secured.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. ilsy or eve.; $f> mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
I.E JEUNE Art and Craft School: modeling,
desirnlnsr. carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
E3IPLOY3IENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st.. nenr Powell: telephone Bush 133.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Be3t help
furn.: domestic eerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42fi Powell. nr.Sutter: tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Oliinese Employment Office;
best help funi.; tel. John 2S21. S06 l ,4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
H.y»t help. 411'- O'Farreli St.: tel. East 426.
BMPLOYMEXT WAXTED — KKMALK.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation:
bejt of references; alro competent Swedish
Fecond Flrl; French nurse and a neat young
Klrl a* nuise or second girl await situations
at Miss CULLEN'S. 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl would like situation to do house-
work or chamberwork. Address or call 456
Sixth ft., room 61.
DRESSMAKER, fully competent, wishes a few
more engagements in families or at home.
M RS. SMITH, Ml Post St.. room U .
A MIDDLE-AGED lady of intelligence and re-
flnement desires a position in the capacity of
an overseer in parlor or dl nine-room; com-
pensation, expenses; refs. Box 4043, Call.
A YOUNG girl lately from the East wishes a
situation: llfiht housework or care of chll-
drrn; best of references. Apply 1924 Ellis -st.
.AMERICAN girl wishes light housework In
small family: wages $12 to $1S. Call between
1 and 5 at Ml',4 Greenwich St.; no postals.
WOMAN would like work by day; good laun-
dress. 123 Eleventh Bt.
YOUNG woman desires work by the day or
to take care of the sick. Address 8H Golden
Gate ave.
FIRST and second cooks, all around helpers,
want places together; city or country; flrst-
clasa hotel references. 243 Natoma, basement.
WANTED— By the day: can alter, make over
dresses and make children's clothing. Dress-
maker. 517 Ninth St., Oakland.
YOUNG German woman with some experience
in r.urslns: would like position In doctor's of-
fice: no objection to light housework. 731
Thirteenth Ft.
COMPETENT woman wishes position light
housework in small family, city or short dis-
tance in country: willing and obliging. 762
tfrannan st.. bakery.
A CAPABLE woman wants a place as working
housekeeper; wages $20. Box 4041. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED ladywould like a position light
housework or care for child. Address box
4034. Call office.
REFINED Protestant girl as nurse to children;
experienced; latelj* from New York; refer-
ences. Box 4CC9. Call office.
A LADY wishes plain sewing at her home. 83
Third st.. room 2.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25e to »1 B0 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia ft.
EMPI.OVJIEXT WANTED MALE.
COMPETENT German arid wife desire situa-
tions; understand all kinds of ranch; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SCOTCHMAN and wife wish situation In coun-
try; excellent workers: years' references. Ap-
ply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COACHMAN: thoroughly understands the busi-
ness In all its branches: a good driver, four or
tandem; a youne man; best of city or San
Mateo references. Box 4042. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED Scandinavian coachman wishes
private place; can milk; take care of garden;
6 years in last place; reference. Box 4008.
Call office.
NIGHT watchman -wishes situation; best ref-
erences; give security If desired. C. HART-
MAN. 127 Turk st.
WANTED — Position as collector by responsible
person: will furnish references, bond and
horse and buggy. Address G. W., box 4093,
Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscript! ens has been established at 1096
Valf-ncit st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; ppectacles properly ad-
JuytPd. N. Mnnarse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FIXA.XCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
pale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. SQ4 Parrot t building.
FLATS TO LET.
10 TO 30 days' free rent. ho-Jses, flats.
819 Union, f., 7 r.J27 50 1694 Page, n.f., 4 r..$20
S24 Hyde, f., 6 r.. 3.1 00 E3 Tremont av., c.Cr. 20
1340 Webster. f.,6r 27 SO 221 Austin av.. f. 4 r. 14
19'»0 Ellis, f.. 6 r.. 13 00 1424 Howard, f.. 4 r. . 11
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mkt.
DE BOOM. 22. off Second, near Brannan— S
rooms and bath; newly papered; $15.
DORE. 237. off Harrison, between Ninth and
Tenth — Flat of 4 sunny rooms; >10.
FLAT. 5 large runny rooms. 133 Lily ave.,
near Octavia et. ; key at 136 Page st.
IIAIGNT. 4r,5, near Fillmore— Flat of 6 sunny
rooms, yard and basement; modern Improve-
ments.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MODERN sunny 6-room flat; garden; basement
separate. 9 Chattanooga Bt. : 22d-st. cars.
TEIIAMA. 742. corner Ninth — 3 sunny rooms;
top flat; rent $4.
2 UPPER flats; 4 rooms, with large yard.
Btableg, wagon Ehcds. 2 Hayward at., near
_EIchth ;
4 AND 5 rooms and bath; $10 and J13. 45S5 and
45S7A Eighteenth Bt.; electric cars.
$7— MIDDLE flat; 3 sunny rooms. VA Harriet.
between Harrison nnd Bryant. Cth and 7th.
FLATS WAXTED.
WAXTED— Furnished flat, 6 or 6 rooms; all
conveniences: centrally located. Address or
call 6 Eddy Ft., room 4*. -¦ ...:.-¦¦-
Fl'ILMTURE KOit SALE.
PIANO folding bed; eewlng machine; new
range; other furniture. 3279 Mission, nr. 29th.
FLAT of 7 rooms to let and carpets for sale.
430 Eddy at. ¦
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUKMTUKa WAXTEU.
CHAS. LEVY buy3 your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 76L
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before celling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln: tel.Polk634-
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted
M. Bilversteln. lia Market: tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLFEP.T. . 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
"W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buy s
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; teL; Red 3333.
HELP "WAXTED— MALE.
WANTED
Driver for milk route, $35 and found.
Free far©
25 railroad laborers; $1 "5 and $2 a day; office
fee jl.
4 men to handle ore cars; no experience
needed; $2 a day.
6 miners. $2 a day: 8, laborers. $1 75 a day,
two-thirds fare paid.
20 laborer* for sawmill, woods and yard; $30
and fare paid.
2 milkers. $30; farmers. $28 and $20: wood-
worker. $3 50 a day; choreman. country. *3O:
milk, make butter and chores, $30. \\. D-
EWER & CO.. 61"> Clay st.
WANTED— Young man willing to work; small
wa=es to start. Call Wednesday, between
" 8 and 9 a. m., 003 Clayjst^
COAT1IAKER for country. REISS BROS &
CO.. 24 Sutter st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1418 Howard «t.
WANTED— Boys and elevator man at F. L.
CO.. 113 Davis Bt.
EXPERIENCED finisher on custom coats.
Room 115. Phelan building^
LUXCH waiter wanted at &13 Montgomery
street.
BOY. l<i years, learn painting. Box 4043. Call
office.
BOILERMAKER wanted for a small Job. 431
McAllister St.
WANTED— Barber; steady. 81H Fourth «t.
BOY wanted: no experience. Mutual Label
and Lltho Co.. 23 Main »t.
W T ANTED— Lunch waiter. 1012 Battery »t.
NEAT, rellabln errand boy. 2009 FHImora »t.
ROOFER or tinsmith at 31H Ninth it.
BARBERS wanted. 11 Sixth st.
WANTED— 2 dishwashers at 567 Sixth tt.
WAITER wanted. Apply at 612 Kearny St.
FIRST-CLASS planing mill carpenter. 703
Bryant st.
LUNCH waiter at 3 Jackson Bt.
WANTED— A waiter. Apply at 507 Third it
MIDDLE-AGED man to make himself gener-
ally useful. IJet. 8 and 9, 713 Valencia at.
COOK wanted at 8 Hayes st.
WANTED— Bartender; steady position. 1077
Market St.; call after 11 o'clock.
WANTED— Steady waiter, extra waiter, extra
cook. 25 Taylor St.
GOOD vegetable man wanted. 134 Third st.
ERRAND boy wanted at 641H Stevenson St.,
bet. Seventh and Eighth.
WAITER, willing to do pantry work; also
kitchen helper. 129 Eddy, U. S. Restaurant.
WANTED— Cook; $12 per week. 1005 Valencia
street.
BOY who has had some experience at black-
smlthlrs. Apply 1800 Folsom st.
WANTED — Painter and raperhanger; $2 50 and
$3 SO respectively. 4^09 Eighteenth st.
WANTED— Good barber, steady, at U5 Larkln
street.
DISHWASHER wanted at 611 Larkln st.
TOY wanted for plumbing trade. Call between
12 and 1 at 1716 Sutter st.
WANTED — A good honest man to work around
house. Call between S and 9 at jlS Valencia.
YOUNG butcher who can cut meat. Call 1127
Eighteenth St.. above Castro.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 223 Brannan st.
WANTED— A rood steady barber. 1073 Mar-
ket st., near Seventh.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers" Union No. 143 meets
to-night at 102 "O'Farrell st.. 9 o'clock.
I. LESS. Secretary.
BOY wanted for delicacy store. 410 Devisa-
dero st.
WANTED— Good dishwasher at the Golden
West Hotel. 6S-78 Ellis st.
BARBER shop for sale; cheap: must sell to-
day or to-morrow. 217 Fourth »t_
BARBERS— Good-paying 5-chair shop; must b«
sold on account of departure; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
BARBERS — $50 will buy a two-chair shop;
come, see me. 36 Market st. ; a snap.
AVANTED— 2 sticker hands; 1 band sawyer and
shaper hand: 20 bench hands; state where last
employed. Box 4040, Call.
CARPENTER wanted for an Iron foundry for
shop worl; and pattern making; mention ex-
perience and wages wanted. Box 4099. Call.
WANTED — Boy to drlv<» butcher wagon and
make himself useful about the shop. Royal
Market. 1413 Octavia st.
WANTED— Operators, pressers and finishers on
vests. Apply E. H. LEVY. Inc.. 513 Market.
TAILOR— Good bushelman, steady job, at
PLANZ & SON'S. i«o Geary st.
WANTED— Planing mill foreman; state where
last employed. Box 4033. Call.
BOY wanted in large law office; must be good
penman. Box 403S, Call.
BOY to learn upholstering trade; small wages
to commence. Apply 1200 Eddy st.
WANTED — A good second-hand bread baker.
Call at 344 Sixth St., Modern Bakery.
ERE AD and cake baker for home bakery; ref-
erences required. 1217 Valencia «t.
¦WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States; of good character and
temnerate habits, who can apeak, read ami
write English; recruits are specially desired
for service in Philippines. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. 121 New Mont-
gomery St.. San Franci»co, Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U.. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ageft
of 21 and 35 years; not lens than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per- |
sons who have legally declared their mten- I
tlcns to become citizens; able to read, write !
end speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at t.ie Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal., 630 K St.,
Sacramento. Cal., or IOCS J st.. Fresno. Cal.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st And 2d Bts.
AVANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
th«»t Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooir.s: 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
NEW* goods; quick sales; salary or commta-
tlon; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood bulldlnr.
UNDERPRES3EH on vests! BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 5« Market st.
BARTENDER who can draw steam beer and
do porter work; $40 month. G?S Fourth St.
AVANTED— Baker's helper, $30 and board. Ill
Larkln st
. BRANDY maker*— Heavy spirit barrels for
brandy at CARL'S. ;i7 Commercial st.
! BARBERS— Paying 5-chalr shop; bargain* ac-
count departure. Inquire Call office.
GET your phoen half soled while waiting- 25o
i to 5<ic. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S F
Barter College. 741A Howard st. * * '
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands -
! all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
! PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer 18
years practice; Examiner buUdl'mr.
I WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: ( 0t> rooms. 23c night: reading-room- free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
U r£ nKLI ,-- H , ou *f. corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms loc to 2..c night; 73c to $2 per we*k.
C V£«!i S: v I^ IE » D o a M V v rtise J n * nts fcnd
lecelved at Call branch office. 220O Fillmore st.
A .»- RA *7 ( ;? i ° tt[c u for CaU advertlsemente and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia st.
HORSKS. MVF. STOCK. Ktc For Sale
V,° R F S fwsale; a l«o wagons, buggies.
S-fS ss ' Gr , and Arcade Hone Market
si-mvAv^m^r 181 " every Wednesday.
SLLLIV AN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
70 «^ AD draf \' carrl «8e and saddle homes:
also pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies;
ard st Occldental 1Iorse Exchange. 721 How-
F 9. 1I 1. sal *— A *o?<l carriage team: 1G hands
high: cheap. DALZIEL. 60S Golden Oat» ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A -P KIN * T Kp^stThouse8^o "let; .end for clr-~
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
H «n^ a r °onis. basement and large yard;
moderate. Apply 1435 EU1» st.
T %nSr A JS^%^ a l ro0IM «<1 bath; lar*.Weather Report.
FORECAST
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sert. S-5 p. m.
The tollowinc maximum .temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka .• E8 Fresno 84
Mount Tamalpale... 53 Sacramento 76
Independence 70 San Lula Obispo 78
Red Bluff S* San Diego 70
Los Angeles '..741
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
Cl; minimum £9: mean G2.
WEATHEH CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
country between the Rocky Mountains and the
Coast Range. A storm of moderate energy has
moved northwestward along the Sierra Ne
vadas and is now recurving over Northern Ne
vada.
Durlng the past twenty-four hours the pres
sure hes fallen two-tenths of an inch over
Idaho and Eastern Oregon.
The temperature has. fallen ten degrees or
more in the Br»t valleys of California and
over Northern :#vada. The temperatures are
from seven to tw*lve degrees below the normal
in the Sacramento Valley and eighteen degrees
below In the San Joaquin. The weather is de
cidedly unfavorable for grape plckinc and
raisin making. Rain has fallen generally over
Central California. .-. A thunder storm is re-
COMMERCIAL NEWS
ARRIVED,
Monday, September 3.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllnc, S6 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Newsboy,' Hlgelns, 15 hours from Al
bion. ;
Stmr Pomona. Shea. 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 39 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Cleone, Madsen, 20 hours from Usal.
Stmr Newsboy, Higgins, 12 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. 72 hours from "Wlllapa
Harbor.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, 27 days 17 hours 31
minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 day?
13 hours 11 minutes, via Honolulu 5 days 23
hours 2S minutes.
Br sf.mr Victoria, Blakey, 4 days from Oys
ter Harbor.
Tv.g Tatoosh. Falley. 12 days from Seattle,
with los raft in tow.
Tug Rescue, Thomson, 12 days from Seattle,
with log raft In tow.
B>irk Kate Davenncrt. Merriman, IS days
from Prince Williams Sound.
Por bark Juana Peral. Alvares. 72 days from
Callao.
SAILKIX
.Monday,* September 8.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria nnd Port
Townsend.
Ptmr Brunswick, Andresen, Pan Pedro.
fUnir Arcata. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Point ¦ Arena, Hansen, Russian Land
ing.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrie. Amesport.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, Fort Bragg.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. Fort Bragg.
II S «tmr Rr.secrans. Dobson. Nagasaki.
• Ger stmr Nurnbur*, Woltema», 17 days 21
hours from Kobe.
Schr J Epplnger. Skipper. .
DOMESTIC PORTS
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 3. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles.
EEATTLF.— Sailed Sept 2-Stmr City of To
peka. for Skaguay; schr Nellie G Thurston, for
Cope\Nome.
Arrived Kept 2— Stmr City of Seattle, from
Skaguay; stmr Aberdeen, from Skasruay; tujf
Wallowa, from Cape Nome, and reports barge
Mercury a total loss at Cape Nome.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived gent 1— Schr Ab
ble, hence Auk IS. Sept 2— Schr C A Thayer,
from Suva. \
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 3— Bktn Northwest,
from Port Townsend.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Sent 3— Schr W H
Smith, from Port Townsend.
PRINCK WILLIAMS SOUND— To sail Sspt
&— Ship America, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Sept 3— Schr
Reliance, hence Auc 31.
EUREKA- Arrived Sect 3— Stmr Pasadena
from San Pedro; stmr North Fork, hence Sept
2; stmr Eureka, hence Sept 2. • ¦ .
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived v Sept 3— Schr
Meteor, from Honolulu. •
llOXQlAJliZ—Arrma Auf »-Br ihlp Ckr-
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early tnornlns tides are Klven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tn»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Klven are In addition to the noundlngrs on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus Flpn (— ) precede* the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
refe— «nr*> 1« th*» menn of the lower lnw waters.
Sun rises 5:42
Sun sets _..6:25
Moon sets 0:23 a. m. '
Mr *
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey
• Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 4
TO SAIL.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day: Grapes-
Tokays, «lngle crates, $1 60 to J2 60, average
SI SS. Pears— Bartletts. boxes, Jl 80 to $2 50.
average $2 S3. Peaches— Orange Cling, boxes,
35c to SOc, average 7S; Strawberry Cling, boxes,
83c to SI, average 93c. Prunes— Gros, single
crates, Cic to £1 S3, average 92c.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Sept. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts. 24.
0C0. including CCOO Westerns and. 1600 Texans.
Steady' to 10c lower; Texans, strong; butchers'
stock, steady and strong, active; natives, good
to prime steers, $3 60<g6 10; poor to medium.
$4 6CtT3 53; selected feeders strong, $4(24 60;
mixed stockers steady, $3 3T,iftZ SO: cows, J2 80<J
4 EO; heifers, fSfiJ 30; canners. ?2®2 75; bulls.
$2 Ci«54 63; calves, tu#8; Texas fed steers, ii 25
@o; Texas grass steers, $3 2ofr4 20; Texas bulls,
$2 60^3 40.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 20.000: estimated for
to-morrow. IS, 000; left over. 3000. Steady to
a shade lower, closing strong; top, Jo 43. Mixed
and butchers', 54 Sj'fto 37V£; good to choice
heavy. $5 05T/3 35; rough heavy. $4 SS^;; light,
$5 OotfS 45; bulk of sales. $3 lCg'3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 24,000. Sheep, steady;
lambs, mostly lf'fjloc lower: good to choice
wethers, $3 C0rf<3 75; fair to choice -mixed. $3 40
4J3 60: Western sheep. $3 43(53 73; Texas sheep.
$2 71WJ3 30: native lambs, $4 2j©3 60; Western
lambs. SZQj 60.
London Market.
LONDON, Sept. 3.— Closing: Atchison. 28%:
Canadian Pacific, OlTi; Union Pacific preferred,
75V 2 ; Northern Pacific preferred, 73: Grand
Trunk, 6^; Anaconda. 9W; Rand mines, 40\4;
bar silver steady, 2S 7-16d per ounce; money,
:; per cent.
Foreign Markets.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 3. — WHEAT — Spot,
steady: No. 2 red Western winter, 6s 2%d;
No. 2 Northern spring, 6s 3Vid: No. 1 Califor
nia. 6s 4'4d#6R 5d. Futures, quiet; September,
Ss ll'id: December, 6s 6^d.
CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed new. 4s
2*4d: do old, 4s %d. Futures, quiet; October,
4s 2Hd; November, 4s 2$sd; December, 4s 2d.
Arizcna — Fair Tuesday
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday
In the morning, fair In the afternoon; fresh
westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Tuesday with showers In the valleys
and in the mountains; warmer Tuesday night;
fresh southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada — Showers Tuesday.
Utah— Showers: cooler Tuesday.
ported at "Wlnnemucca. The rain U unusual
ly early for Central California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 4:
n«dd Llewellyn, from Hamburg. Aug 24— Ship
Invincible, from Newcastle. Aus; schr Alice
Cooke, from Port Gamble. Aug 2J— Aus strr.r
Siam, hence Aug 16. Aug 26— Schr Esther
Buhne. from Eureka: schr Enterprise-, hence
Aug 7. Aug 27— Br stmr Doric, from Yokohama.
Aug 2S— Br stmr Gaelic, hence Aug 21.
Sailed Aug 21— Stmr China, for San Francisco.
Aug 22— Ship Geo Curtis, for San Francisco.
Augr 23 — Schr Wm Bowden. for Port Townsend.
Aug 24 — Bktn Amelia, for Port Townsend. Aus
25 — dchr Aloha, for Laysan Island. Aug 26 —
Ship Iroquols, for Seattle: bark Mohican, for
San Francisco. Aug 22— Schr Fannie Adele, for
Eleele. Aug 23— Bark Sea King, for Port Town
send.
Arrived Aug 24— Schf Alice Cooke. {rcm Port
Townsend.
HILO— Arrived prior to Aus 23- Schr Ottlllie
Fjord, from Eureka.
Sailed Aus 23 — Bark Martha Davis, for San
Francisco.
In port Aug 23— Ship Falls of Clyde.
MAHUKONA— Arrived Aug 13— Schr Colum
bia, from .Newcastle, Aus. Aug IS — Schr Metha.
Nelson, from Hilo; schr John G North, hence
Aug 3. Aug 31— Brig Consuelo, hence Aug 7.
FOREIGN PORTS,
FA LMOUTH— Arrived Sept 2-Br ship Cum
berland, from Tacotna.
NAGASAKI-Sailed Ser>t 1— Er stmr Flint
shire, for San Francisco.
Arrived Auk 30— Stmr Gatonne, from Seattle.
AUCKLAND— Sailed Sept 3— Br stmr Moana.
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aur 0— V S stmr So
lace, from Taku.
OCEAN STEAMERS
AUCKLAND-Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Moana,
from Sydney, for San Francisco.
TSIN TAU— Sailed Aus 30— Stmr Frankfurt,
for San Francisco.
BREMEN— Sailed Sept 2-Stmr Barbarossa.
for New York, via Southampton.
Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Koenigen Luise, from
New York, via SouthamDton.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Garonne,
from Seattle.
Sailed Sept 1— Stmr Flintshire, for San Fran
cisco.
GENOA— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Kal3er WU
helm II. from New York, via Naples.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept Z— Stmr Parislan.
from Montreal.
THE SAN FRAjSTOISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBERS, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Shipping Intelligence.
11
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Donita Newport /Sep. 4. 9 am Pier 11
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor Sep. 4. 5 pm Pier 2
Kival , "SVlllapa Sep. 5, 6 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 5, 2 pm Pier 9
Tanis Hamburg Sep. 5, 5 pm Pier 7
Mariposa ..Australia Sep. B, 8 pm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 6. 11am Pier 24
China China & Japan Sep. 6, 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa San Diego Sep. 6, 11 am Pier 11
Curacao ... Mexico Sep. 7. 10 am Pier 11
Empire .... Coo%Bay Sep. 7. 10 am Pier 13
Acapulco .. New York Sep. 8. 12 m PMSS
Umatilla .. Victoria Sep. R. 11 am Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport Sep. 8. 9 am Pier II
Czarina ...(Seattle Sep. 8. 10 am Pier 8
Steamer. From. I Due.
Mineola Nanalmo.. |Sep. 4
Santa Kosa San Diego Sep. t
Doric China and Japan Sep. 4
Umatilla Victoria Sep. 4
Oak Branch Portland |Sep. 4
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 5
Czarina Seattle Sep. 5
Eureka Humboldt Sep. 6
Point. Arer.a Point Arena Sep. 6
Crescent City .. Crescent City Sep. 6
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Sep. C
Coos Bay Newport Sep. «
Newport New York Sep. 7
State of Cal Portland : Sep. 7
Del JJorte Portland Sep. 7
Corona San Dletto Sep. . 8
North Fork Humboldt Sep. S
City of Puebla. (Victoria Sep. 9
Arcata ICoos Bay Sep. 9
From.
I Due.
0 ITlme Time Time Tlmel
2. I Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
J |L W H W L. W H W|
4... ]:10 0.4 8:24 4.3 12:5S 3.1 6:52 5.2
5... 2:01 0.2 9-06 4.5 1:53 2.9 7:58 5.1
6 ... 2:45 0.1 9:43 4.D 2:52 2.2 9:TK> 5.6
7 ... 3:30 0.2 10:21 5.2 3:42 1.7 9:57 5.6
8 ... 4:11 0.3 10:55 5.3 4:31 1.2 10:51 5.6
9 ... 4:55 0.7 11:30 5.4 5:2o( 0.7 11:491 5.4
1<) ... 5:35| 1.1 12:0o| 5.6| 6:09| 0.4 |
0 ITlme Time Time Tlmel
2. I Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
J |L W H W L. W H W|
4... ]:10 0.4 8:24 4.3 12:5S 3.1 6:52 5.2
5... 2:01 0.2 9-06 4.5 1:53 2.9 7:58 5.1
6 ... 2:45 0.1 9:43 4.D 2:52 2.2 9:TK> 5.6
7 ... 3:30 0.2 10:21 5.2 3:42 1.7 9:57 5.6
8 ... 4:11 0.3 10:55 5.3 4:31 1.2 10:51 5.6
9 ... 4:55 0.7 11:30 5.4 5:2o( 0.7 11:491 5.4
1<) ... 5:35| 1.1 12:0o| 5.6| 6:09| 0.4 |
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Donita Newport /Sep. 4. 9 am Pier 11
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor Sep. 4. 5 pm Pier 2
Kival , "SVlllapa Sep. 5, 6 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 5, 2 pm Pier 9
Tanis Hamburg Sep. 5, 5 pm Pier 7
Mariposa ..Australia Sep. B, 8 pm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 6. 11am Pier 24
China China & Japan Sep. 6, 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa San Diego Sep. 6, 11 am Pier 11
Curacao ... Mexico Sep. 7. 10 am Pier 11
Empire .... Coo%Bay Sep. 7. 10 am Pier 13
Acapulco .. New York Sep. 8. 12 m PMSS
Umatilla .. Victoria Sep. R. 11 am Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport Sep. 8. 9 am Pier II
Czarina ...(Seattle Sep. 8. 10 am Pier 8
Steamer. From. I Due.
Mineola Nanalmo.. |Sep. 4
Santa Kosa San Diego Sep. t
Doric China and Japan Sep. 4
Umatilla Victoria Sep. 4
Oak Branch Portland |Sep. 4
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 5
Czarina Seattle Sep. 5
Eureka Humboldt Sep. 6
Point. Arer.a Point Arena Sep. 6
Crescent City .. Crescent City Sep. 6
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Sep. C
Coos Bay Newport Sep. «
Newport New York Sep. 7
State of Cal Portland : Sep. 7
Del JJorte Portland Sep. 7
Corona San Dletto Sep. . 8
North Fork Humboldt Sep. S
City of Puebla. (Victoria Sep. 9
Arcata ICoos Bay Sep. 9
From.
I Due.
MUSICAL INSTRIMEXTS.
ANNOUNCEMENT— We hav* confoliialcd the
San i'/i! cis.-o Music Cor.icar.v. 22 Gutter st..
w.lti cur O'Farrell-st. bu<ln.*s und now
ehow more tofidR la al'. Unea ttr.ir. any other
house on the coast. t-:x r.oor.s oi music and
mv»ical s<x«ls; i.lanos :n endl-'-f variety and
iriccs lETiffing frari I7i to iWl Im}'fr;ul
UVtapbCSion N ;;• . ¦ Boicf, Ouita:t;. VlollM,
likr.doiin!". FtrlnRs. Trimmings, Music.
• tc; or.jrnioui sir>ck; lowest prices; carii <r
ir.sta'.lmer.tJ!. BENJ. CiritTAZ £. BON. lfi.
:S ar.d CO O'Farrell et.; CbtCkerlCS agency.
ALL pcrrtiMcn of pianos «t EIIETTM AK CLAT
A." O.i.'S havo tbe privilege of excliar-ci-"-!: tor
a HTi:iX\VAY any time v.ithin three years
«nd full pui chase price allowed: th«- brst
mok«rs of every grade tc select frorr.: beauti-
lul new uprlgnts It. cash. J6 i-or month: fome
Fiod ri<»r.os for H. t« anU Jj |>"r month
EUEEUtAX. CLAY & CO.. BTEINWAI
1JEALHKS. ccrtier Kearny and Gutter fls..
Ban Francisixs: cOtimi liixadway and Thir- :
tf-enth n>.. Oaklar.d I
VIOLIN ctrtrics: never wet: bert In the world; '
n-aking ai\d pefwfrinc of nil kinds cf musica! I
llMUUUKBt*. Caii C. A::dpn«pn. 41" Ooary it !
A.DSOLPTELY the oldest Kr. i larr'-M bouse
»<rt <f Cbleaco is KOlIL-;n Ce CHASE'S.
Jt. iS and S<? OTjrr*;i ft.: pianos. 01 ears and
ril rth«T rr.uyiral ir.ttruir.er.ts cf ail »:is<>*
rrd rr^s: t«-r:r.s e.-y; plica lowest; evrry-
tMDu poadtA* dcr.c lo locate ard t,-j.nt(y thtf |
curti nicr.
CVH r«ar-.r> steel-. Is up to d«to. jrd our F^cricl I
sale tt!"! cc»-t!rtje 1 \\»e:< Icncw. Tli'C J.
LEV.'INO «'O.. Flood L^lIJinc
BrAlTlKUI. tir.rlflt piar..-. a -• C a few months;
f.r:e case, eweel trr.r; ir,-.;^t be sold tmrae-
dlatriy. Hoht. 7 r> . Klocd balSilng.
A CARLOAX) fine r.»-.v plaac-a hirt ncred with
ii« :r;im lZa^itrn faclr.ry nt factory jiric-6 ir.n1
frclch:>. ca.--h nr Jiftailmenu-; Fpedal f r,r N.
f. «i VV. WILSON St,,r ?ro< j; 10 M^rKet St.
ItTMOVAL .if KtrfTe'e j/a::o (tore fio:n \'j.r,
Npf» t.. B33 Market. r»-t. t:h an.J Cth. no«i
Haw J'.r •-..¦; v.:!i c.:rit!nu» rrfucUon sal* for ¦
t«coek«; Tir-i •\'r.r?;c^!i a-iii (jet Jaw |ir:ccs J
lir:!N"n l'iar.o Co. rasnov«d to :i; Geary 1
Firect.
WANTni— Tirijrht riano ror ca^li; abcul S10)
A(iirrf«; T4.' Kiarrsy :t.
T."ANTIIU— fl (roc-l njuare iiianos. puitai-le lo- ;
«-hr-.; s . BYttOX MACZY. •'W.s l»o?t Ft.
EJU&CGIlTdt Bale of uprirjrit risa'"* tor rtor- !
age. ?:.<.' iiji. Wilson's 'i race, 1710 Market
Bit In rh«- ptrira: rent it suv.- ;>iano fcr J.'I per
mrrth. FCOTT-CfHTAZ CO . >".O Have. st.
thk \v;l::y h. alli:n co.. ?.u rest *t.. I
Htrdrr.an. Coaorer ard other rUnos.
BOH9££S .'i CO.. Ujrroa Mau^y. Oabler. Ham;!- j
'r:: riar.c-s. Iv^ Poet Ft- <;.:•. I'nlon tquare.
BAIt'iAIX- GoH i l«o« c!f?r; Installmctit S>
rer menth. 6CIIMITZ. 11 McAllister *t.
WT. O. HADOim, II! Racnun«Jt«> rt.. aeent for
Frcnci* Bart,". r.i:.1 1 7 -i iTet • A- P->.vi>s rianoj.
BrrPERIOn v. -.:¦:-«. zlt'if-rs. cl i nr..i r.rv.-. 11.
MTTLLER. maker, rgpnlrcr. i Lathara j»ac<».
BEDCCTTON r.-.i--: n»w ri3n.-: :.'. r*rmcat>:
for :'r' >? ¦¦¦ T"i-r-yr: »-<; P nt( ; t
ornens am> sTom:s to let.
EMMA RPHECKELS bnUdluc. Tjf~^Ta7kn^
Orficer, l.rht and funny. $i: to j:-j prr mo:ith-
light, heat, j^r.it r nr.fl iiff of t«-I. Included! j
X^AHGE Ft: re. v.-It:i E iivir- ro'.r:-.s: rooJ busi-
ness block, v.* Devlsadecp. rear Oak.
TO LET— ST4 Pac:flc «.: riev.iy pair.tsd Iar«»
har.d-r.me »-t- ¦ r> ; rery cliean. )
FOR r.-r.t; very cheap: store and lare- bsse- |
meat; K\ Howard. XlAmeOX & Bl'RKE.
TO rer.t— Modern ftcre: well lighted: :;i!40; I
r«rt r"a^'-M». :;t TIjtve< rt.
tkusoVals.
DLACR i:YI>— Ueet me August 4. • p. m.. at i
cor. Oak and Sar.ta Clara ave-.. Ala. MUS. K. I
n'RXI^HEI) rxoni— Kearny-st. corner; superb
\ jew for str*^t si-j-ries holiday week. Apply !
MAJ. ¦.:LARK. 420 California st.
BITITS to order <>ri f-apy payments. Art Taiior- |
:• ¦- Co.; 3C44 ilkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel, j
THE HL'TjSON RlVEH CO.,
HOPKE BROS, i
Uattx«sae« and rUlows rr.ade to order. le-
covered and renovated: honest work jtuaran- j
teed; i>ric»»s defj- competition; fine upholstery; I
phone i^-S>; factory. 31* anti S2u Klfventh St.;
Iiej olear.ing ar.d dyeing. US O'Karrell,
ne^r Powell. San Francisco.
U. LEDEREH. the jKjpular hairdresse'r-The j
Tensest and latest hair vxylrr. only 25c.
HAIR doctor** remedy, perfection; prevents, j
¦¦ tTecU. Dr. Kuc-s:er. US2 Franklin St.. Oak-
. information; stami^.
G .'. "•EP.ER has a fine exhibition of hair]
' " ' ;;• > this ftpf!{, $1 ur> ; light an<] pray |
- <. (^•ecialty: liarKain?. 123 Stockton, j
V HT BC1 FEE?
1 *-rs^riS afflicted n-'th Rheumatism {no mat- J
fr ..r hgw lane *'indir.z>.or any other chronic /
<!!*»afi«?. ,h--. i call at one- at the SANS '
SOUCI. I«0» Van X«>sf ave. — the up-to-date In- I
f :;••;• a t Or treatnseot. We have 25 years' j
experience. Charges reasonable.
Lederer Quintotdfea Hair Tor.Sc. 33c b<»t.: L^der- i
«r F -:...::•; . r.'.y 5o rk»?. "iZZ Stockton.
JTUANISM — Julian MacRae. Initiate, has
opered till dacsei for s;;rit ur.foldrnent and
A !• ¦ uhlp ra Tu<>!-day ar.i Thursday evenings. I
£ <•' I k : fr*>" !«-t-ture Friday eve.. S o'clock; ]
:: daily. S to j. Lit Colder. Gate ave. |
ELECTRIC 'i^hts in every room— Winchester j
: U il Third s=t.. near Market: 700 rooms: I
¦ "i U per nlRhf. $1 .'.f> to K p*t we«k;
•rep 'bu« and ba^caee to and from the ferry.
Et-"TTS to order on !n*t«!!rnent?': Jlo upward;
Jl .-i week LF.O.V LKMOS. 1137 Market St..
betweea S«-v*-nth and Eiehth.
:- rrrianent cures in San Francisco.
«ho tn be seen: no cj>»>rs»tion: no pain: par-
Il^ulfirs f*-r.t. Ad. Physician, box 19G0, Call.
IIAIIi QsSctty curled or waved by using Tal-
tt'i '-Jr;;!g fluid; JSc a bottl»; (JruKgist*.
".VANTED— Old-fashioned xilver. hrafs. copper
¦rare; curi"?. all description*. V!Z t>uriont et.
ALFREIH.'SIS Epyptian Henna ret-tores gray
r.&:r to it? rstural color; Jl, at all druggists.
CABT-OFF clothirp. old pold nnd silver bought;
«-!r1 r>r;ftal. fQT.FMAN'P. ZJ* K<-amy >t.
rnvsiciA>s axd sirceoxs.
DR. J. H. REEVE, 2C-, K»>arny, curcr by~e>c~-
triclty. Ncrrona Prostration. Innomnia, Asth-
ma. KrieumatiFm. I'aralysiP. Catarrh, Oon-
»-ur:~.r ticn. Kidney an-i inflammatory cases;
d!i>eafi»-ti dlasnowd.
DR. C. C. O'I»<>%-.\i;ijy-Iofflce and residence,
V2V-. V.zrV<\ «;. Y>.\. t-ixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
CHICKEN raocfc to >^t at Fairmount. with c'ot"-
ta«» i . etabl<». cblckea houses; lot IoSxZ'jT. J. U.
LEWIS, 416 Unmcomery Ft.
FOR sale ch^ar; bunn»w '|.n;p«rty on Howard
Ft., between Fourth and Filth. Apply HEW
Urv£ Co.. Alarm-da.
2IODERN houses built; l" W r>Ft pricfp; plans and
»>stlmat»>»i furnished. '':.rr:i«bell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; 6 room* and bath: large lot;
terms to suit buyer. Owner 413 Kearny gt.
A WEEK'S r.ewn for B o«*nts. The Weddy CalT
1€ rage?, in wrarT'er. for mailing. ?1 r»er year. !
V'.: \l. ESTATE COIATHV — For Sale j
A <"HEAl' Mtlo ranch of 20 acr^j", 2 mile* j
from R. Ii. town, Alamoda County; boat*,
Ism f>oultry houfw, filenty of pood water.
';. t particulars of this. H. H. CKAXE, iJS I
'"p.lifornia st. I
R IlENT— 275-a ere farm; Alam»-da County,
sh r<nt. H. II. CRANE. SOS California st.
UAH'JAl.V- Fine *toeji rajich and Rcneral farrri:
•¦¦«:: wiiorni: near railroad and this city;
rood irr.iT&vrrnrr.t?: a lovely home; investl-
W this. 11. H CRANE. SOS California *t.
PT3R fa!»-At • bargain, new house, S room?.
bath and basement: fouth"rn exposure: hot
a-r ¦ ;rj water throutrhout ; near station; at I
Belmosa: elevated; majmlEccnt view; C acres;
t"rf 2 orchard. 1 acre nrounl h<>us*; all
: • ¦•¦ •¦ ¦: Yarn ar.d flr.e hen house?: excellent
water Foppjy; RBorini East; h<"nce win pell
n tacrlSce- !nv»-«tlcate and make reasonable
Offer. ,\ j-r.jV la JOHN U. ALLAN. Belmont.
ACCURATE prrMnKi teowicdt* — path of the
rancbea on my r-M.K m-i KXCHAKGE
!i?t. Mr.r<» t>an fill '.ther sr^nts .n this city.
.. D. BICKELP. !b» !ani! cctrt. 6 Oeary st.
A-tiW; arrp hon-ie in !>•* Qstomi S room«. Ap-
_-r'y A. M. BPECK f: <~O.. 6CT Market st.
C3TT VTnjtrtty and furm* BOM or exchanged.
_il. Cnir.-JN-. 71S Market *l.: li^t free.
!"< i: :-le— Ahont 3 acr'"* cf land; near Colma,
f-iri i'at«-o C"t"5ty. 44' Valencia rt.
' kPEST ar.d hrtt in Amcrka-The Weekly
CaJL If -ir-rr'?. •'¦r.t to any *ddrc*s in the
fwttxfl F'nu-' <,t O-i-a'ia r)-t- j-»f>r for ft.
nCAL CSTATC TO K.\CHA\GB.
nxciUNuB- IS ucr»-B in tOT.r. of Cn.ys Ilar-
hc-r for pror^rty in bav or ~oa"si counties. Cox
«'ics. «^n orr.ee. > i.«»:
>.!o;)r:;.\' honae; Icr.-. : r-'»)?5; »n Ffnltvale:
'¦ rr -' '•. V. propel ty. Cail B01 ,Tor»s »:t. '
aijmedaIdvertisements.
AI.AMCDA REAL CSTATC
UABOAlJCll in imrroved and untmrroved Ala-
n.. Ad. real eKtato In ail tjortu of Alameda on
«afy ierm« Alatncda I^tid Cor.;;»any. 1.V*
}'\tk St., Alameda: 21 t'ott Ft.. Kan Francl&eo.
lliXX) — Mum be «old; hou«« ard lot. 2Zx1jO; near
Morton station. Address P. rtOTHEKMEL,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'. Steamers leave Broadway
tek wharf, San Francisco:
iSSt^,. For Alaskan Ports— 11 -».
l*^SJ&k. m - September ?.. 8. 13, is. 23.
Ij?**K3v*?S. 2S - " ct - "¦ Change to C<m-
I&kKSlvSn panv's steamers at Seattle.
pa^SS .13 cr Victoria, Vancouver
£^K>*ffia! <B. C>. Port Townsend, K»>-
*^3»Si attIe - Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.) — 11 a. m.. September
3. ?. 13. IS, 22. 2S. Oct. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P, R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Kureka, Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 5. 10, 15. 20, 25, 30. Oct. 5, and every
fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro.
Kast San Pedro (Loa Angelas) and Newport— 9
a. m.. September 4, 8, 12. 16. 20. 24, 2S, Oct. 2.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Die*o, stopping only at Port Har-
ford, (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
i Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11
1 a. m.. September 2. 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. 26. 30. Oct.
4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Encenada. Marrtalena Bay, San. Jo?e del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa'a. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of
each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
Fteamers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-1 New Montgomery
street t-Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE Oi R. & N. nn,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
IMIlL $8 Second Class nnd Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
August 31. Sept. 10. 20. 30
COLUMBIA sail!. Sept. 5. 15. 23. Oct. Z
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all -points In the Northwest.
Throurh tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Asent,
630 Market St.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HIoko). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carcro received on board on day
of salllnr.
SS. NIPPON MARt T
Saturday. September 22 1*V>
SS. AMERICA MA RIT.. Wednesday Oct. 17 1<XV>
SS. HONGKONG MARIT Tues., Nov. 13. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-tri? tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General A~ent.
AMERICAN LINE.
R7 T02K. 8CCTTIAKPT0S. LONDON. TAHTS.
Stopplne at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Everv Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Pept. 12jSt. Louis Oct. 1
New York Sept. 1!» New York Oct 10
St. Paul Sept.26lSt. Paul Oct. 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwern.
From New York Everv Wednesday, 12 noon. \
Westernland ...Sept. 12 Frleslar.d Oct. 3 |
I Kensington Sept. 1!» Southwark Oct. 10
' Noordland Sept. 25 Westernland Oct. 17 J
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
OOMPAGNIE GENERALS /tRANSATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. » < » fc -
Sailing every Thursday, lnatead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S39, at-3 - <*'**'ii»
10 a. ra.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. L'AQUITAINE. Sept. 6; LA
BRETAGNE. Sept. IS; LA LORRAINE. Sept.
20; LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept 27. First class to
Havre. SS2 50 and upward. S«cond class to
Havre, $".5 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round . trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. F17GAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. ¦
0CEAMC S.S. CO.-nONOLULU, APIA
AUCKLAND AM) SYDNEY.
S S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Sept. 5. 3 p. m.
B. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, Sept 19. 2 n. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 643 Market SL i
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market SL |
1/nOIHnO I IIIC HATHOR ....53no tons
KIINMIIN L lit OCTA VIA ....7^0 tons ,
lYUUmUU blllL. luxor 6.--10 tons :
• ABTDOS 4000 tons |
I Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg, '.
via Mexican ports. Centra! and South
America, etc.
5. S. Tanis. 450O tons, sails about September 3.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery *t. Pier No. 7.. Freight office.
327 Market >t.. San Francisco. I
BAY AND BIVER STEAMEES.
~FOR IK XTaYTYARD AN^VAlLEJlt
Steamer "Montlcello. **
MON\. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:20 a. m., S
p. m. - Landincr and office. Mission-street Dock. '
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 15CS. i
FARE .W i
RAILROAD TRAVEL. i
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 12, 100O.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. •8:3<J. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
12:0. »1:4G, 3:15. 4:15. •3:15. 6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundpys, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. *S:00. •9:00, »10:00. 11:00. H;30
a. m.; 12:43. *l:30, 2:30. »3:45. 5:00. 8:00. 7:20
p. m.
11:00 a. m. docs not run to San Rafael Sun-
marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:35. »fi:30. 7:50. 8:40. •10:13 a'
m. : 12:30. 1:15. 2:15, *3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at »S:43 and 10:20 p. n*.
8UNDATS— «:15. *S:00, •3:50. '11:00 a. m.; »12OO
m.. l:(0. 2:15, *3:30, 4:30, •3:43. 6:43. 7:30, 10.20
Trains marked (•> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO !
WEEK DATS— 5:53, «:«. 8:00. 8:55. 10:30 a '
m.: 11:35/1:45, 1:43. 3:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 7:10 end 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:33. 8:05. 10:05. UjlO a . m • Tits
1-20. 2:10., 3:45: -4:55. 6:13, 7:05. 18:30 n. m"
# THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a.- in- iveok days— Cazadero and war s»i
tlons.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:*5 d. m. Sun<J*y»-Polnt Reyes and way
«ta:!on».
ROOMS TO LET — Pnrn. nnd Cnfnrn.
NOE, 153—2 or 3 sunny bay-window rooms; cas
ran?c; crate; bath; $14.
OTARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights: day, wk., mo.
O'KARHKKL, 742— Nicely furnished sunny quiet
rooms, en Kulte cr single; gas. bath, phone.
KObEDALE Houfc, 319 and 321 Ell is St.— Rooms,
nlpht 25c to $1, week SI 23 lo $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, 1JG Ellis st.— Incandescent
llKht: readir.K room, rmokinc room and ladies'
parlor; rooms. r'T night. Kc to Jl 50; week. $2
to fS; month. $S to $20: elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment Houep. 2S Elehth st..
j near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
BHOTWELL. 121— Sunny furnished front room,
I $3 10 nor month.
1 SIXTH. 12S— Furnished sunny rooms; single or
*ult«?s; also rooms for lisht housekeeping.
I TAYLOrt, $10— Newly furnished sunny front
I room for 2, $].' per month; pus, bath, etc.
CLASSIFIED n.lvortisemems an.l K-.iliscrlptions
receivfil at b-r-.rrh office. 22.0 Flllmore gt.
A BRANCH office for Cell advertisement* and
I Fufcscriptions has been established at 109G Va-
| lpncla £t.
UOO.HS AXD HOARD.
MISP DAyLIN'S^TiS FtoT— Rf^ma with or
without lifnrd; tirma rea«cmble.
'¦ ¦ I1OO31S WAXTEO.
WANTED— rrrn:»he<l rocm In private family, i
Addrft-w box A^H. Call, mentioning rent.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
j LADIES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Tills
i ore the best; safe, reliable; tak» no other; :
j send 4c ftnmrf for rartlculars. "Relief for
: Lailies," In letter by return mail: at drug-
I Plftr. I'hlch'-stcr Chemical Co., Philadel.. Pa.
j ROOJIS papered from $2 TO: whitened, $1 m>;
i Tainting Con'j. Hurtman I'-ilr.t Co., SID Third.
! HAD tenants ejected for It; collections made;
I city or country, pacific collection CO..
I 41^ Montgomery st.. rooms 5-10: tel. ".aSO.
5KWIXC BIACHIXE.S AXD SUPPLIES,
I BOUOHT, Fn\d. rentPd. repaired, nerdles and
¦ t-nuttles; reduced ratts. 145. Cth; phone. Mint 4i.
I AXAj lcir.is Uruplit. sola and repairing Kuaron-
j teed. Chun Plartibcck. 1315 Minion, nr. 15th.
j ALL kicdl bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing at lowpjrt ratf«:. 20.'. Fourth st.
STOItAGE AM>
: \\ IL.SON IUtOS.. storage and moving; covered
j vais Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
r PACIFIC Ktorajj* and Furniture Moving Cora-
j pany 1T:ti Flllmore Ft.: phone .lacksoji 2S1.
j CKK1NS \'a.'i ard Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40 — Packing, moving and storasre.
1
TYPISAYIUTKRS AM) SIPI'LIES.
! GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEW^IITisilS^Vve
! tell bc-ttc machines fcr lesa money than any
! house In tho city; rentals. $a. The Typewriter
Kxchar.sc SZ6 Calitoj-nia, telephone Main .66.
! ALWAYS bar^air.H In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. £ M. ALEXANDER.
110 Mcntjji-.iuery st.
i NEW typewriters. *" down. $5 month payments.
REVALK. 4fJ raUf.irnla St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
! DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 19 (30c per
1 fhare) of the Paauhau Pugar Plantation
j Company, will be payable at the office of the
I company, 327 Market st.. on and after Wed-
| nesday. September 12. 19W. Transfer books
I close on Thursday. September 6. 1900. at 3
I P- m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
j DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 21, of seventy-
five certs i7v?) per Fhare on the Issued capital
Ft<jck of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, 430 Cali-
fornia St., San Francisco, on September 12,
1900. Transfer bonk? clns? September 5, 19(;0,
at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
1 SAX FRANCISCO. Cal., September 3, 1900.—
SealeJ iiror>osaH. in duplicate, will be re-
ceived here, until 12 o'clock m. , Thursday.
I September 13. 1900, for furnishing, during Sep-
tember and October. 1!*X>. oats, t«irlev. hay,
J and hay for beddinp, at Presidio of San
1 Francisco, Cal. Government reserves right to
[ reject or accent an >' an 'i all bids, or any
j part thereof. Preference given to articles of
American production, conditions of price and
! quality (including in the price of rorelftn pro-
! ductiors the duty thereon.) being equal, and
j such preference given to articles of Ameri-
I can production produced on the Pacific Coast
[ to extent of corLEunu>tioo required by the
, 1 public service there. Information furnished
, op application to J. M. MAKSHALL, Chief
Quartermaster.
j PROPOSALS will b€ received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
1 A\fishin{rton. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon Sep-
tember IS, lH'iO. and rubllcly opened Imrae-
I diately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy-
yard, Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of nut"s
i washers, bunting, dry Rood?, padlocks, sijulrt
cans, hardware, box lamps, candle stands,
lamp wick, lumber, pipe sets, eheet copper,
bar iron, rivet, sheet and bar steel, hose, pipe
covering, parking, polishing paste, white l*ad
1 oil, pipe, pipe fittlnRs, stationery, steel rlate«
I and bars. Blank proposals will be furn'shod
ui<m application to the Hureau or to the Navy
. Pay Office. San Francisco, Cal. A. S. KKN-
NY. Paymaster General. U. S. N". 8-11-00.
j PROPOSALS for clearing and {jrubblnR trees
grading, leveling and rolling and repairing
roads at National Cemetery. San Francisco,
Cal.— General Depot Quartermaster's Depart-
j rnent. 26 New MontEomery Ft.. San Francia-
i co, September 3, 1H00 — .Sealed proposals in
triplicate, will be received at this office until
11 o'clock a. m., October 4. WOO, and then
! opened for the above work. In accordance
I with plans and specifications on file here,
I which can be seen on application. Envelopes
• containing proposals will be indorsed "Pro-
posals for ClearinR, Grabbing and Repairing
Roods, etc.," and addressed t* Major OSCAR
j F. LONG, Quartermaster, V. S. Vols., Depot
Quartermaster.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— EEATHS.
BORN.
i EASTOX-In Lafayette, August 14. 1900, to the
wife of V. G. Easton, a daughter.
FAI1U'HILD-In this city. August 31. 1900, to
tbe wife of Willard W. Fairchlld. a daughter.
KORNFIELD— In this city. August 31, 1SKX)» to
tho wife cf \V. Kornfield. a son.
O'nilinN— In this city. August 10, 1900, to the
wife of Martin F. O'Hrlen, a daughter.
I PINNELLA-In this city. Aujrust 25, 1J00. to
j the wife of F. Plnnclla. a fon.
. DIED.
Rarnert. Joseph Johnson, Julius A
Becker. Louis Kelley. Simon
Buchlgnanl. Theresa Kolsmaskl. Frank
Carter. Daisy B. I^eghurn. Manraret J !
Carter. Milllson M. McGrath. Mathew
Coefleld, Sarah Morgan, Mary
Colllander. Hildur Mullen, John C
Cook, Oliver Nye, Margaret E.
Doran. John B. Qulnlan. Annie
Fairchild (infant) Sheehan. Thomas
Freng*. Annie J. Taylor, Truman B.
Gilbert. James A. Tlerney, Alatele :.I
Gllroy, Mary E. WakeheM. Lucind
Gerlach. Frledrich "Warren. William
, Guckenheimer, Marx Wexel. Aaron S
Hayes, -William II.
! BARNERT— In this city. September 3. 1000. Jo-
[ ecph Barnert, husband cf Mirinm Barnert,
i nnd father of Lillie, David J., I^?on, Monroe
! Abe. George C. and Mabel A. Harncrt. u na-
1 tive of Prussia, aged 71 years !> months and
I 22 days. (Peterson. N. J., papers j. lease copy.)
; ITVFuneral to-mcrrow (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock, from his late residence, 1643 Post
, street. Interment private. No (lowers.
BECKHR— In this- city, September 3, 13C0. Louis
Becker, a native of Germany, aged 62 vears
8 months and 23 days. A member of Har-
mony Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. F.. and Walhalla
Ercampmer.t No. 7. I. O. O. F. (New York
paper* phase copy.)
CvTrienJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from I. O. O. F. Hall, corner
Market and Seventh streets, where services
will bfl hold under the ausDlccs of Harmony
Lodjo No. 13, I. O. O. F., commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of II. F. Suhr & Co
11:7 Misplon street.
BUCHIQNANI— In this city, September 3. WCO,
Theresa, beloved wife of Ajito,n!o Buehlgnanl!'
and mother of Louisa Uuchlenanl, a native
of Milan, Italy.
CTNotice cf funeral hereafter.
CARTER— In this city, September 3, 1300, Daisy
B.*, beloved daughter cf George 15. und Lizzie
A. Carter, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 11 months and 4 days.
CARTER— In this city, September 3. 1900. Milll-
foi M., beloved daughter of Albert R. and
Frances Carter, and sister of Geortre, Abl-
uall, Raymond, James, Charles Darlington
and I-oretta Carter, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year Z months and 17 days.
COEF1ELD— In this city, September 1, 1900
Sarah. l>eloved wife of John Coerleld (nee Mc-
Partland). nnd sister of Mrs. T. F. Coyne
Mrs. Retft Brahant and Mrs. J. HofTeses. a
liENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Callashen.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMER3
ZU Fifth Et.. opposite Lincoln School.
I Telephone South 80.
IUNITED~UNDKRTAKERS; I
27 and 2J Fifth at. Tel. South 167. I
IVVZRAL DIBECT0R3 AND EMBALUES3. I
. Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. I
AUCTION SALES
fe £» £^
California Horse and Mule Tari*. 1521 Market
St.. between Twelfth and Thirteenth— CB head uC
draft and driving horse? t,i be »o;d at public
auction TUESDAY. Sept. 4. l?C0. S. WAT-
KINS, Auctioneer.
£r% £s> £»
2 CARLOADS DRIVING and DRAFT HORSES:
all broken: matched pairs; w^ishing io"»a to
lfiOfl: chunks: bred by II. D. Hardtsan an!
WUman Pros. CHASE A MENDENHALL.
Salesyard 1732 Market street.
~B AILIIOAD TBAVElI ~~
miitiii:i:.ii Metric « «».»h-.*>t.
|r.icirio inm]
SAN rilARCIMVO.
(llain Liiie. KJ.il of Market Street.)
ts*vB — From APOCn 12, 1300. — arritb
*?:OOa Bei.icU. Suisua, Elmira. VacatiUe,
Ruiurey an- 1 nscraiiinuto *7:13p
•7:Oi»» Shut* Ki-.r.sa- UatU. Williams (fur —
liartistt Springs). Wliiuwa, Kea
Elu!f. IVrttand. *7:l3p
•7:::i»* Ma.-Muez. Han Uainoo. V«Jl<>jt>. N*i»,
OUst»f»aa»l Mania i;..a» ¦«:l.')r>
•»:OOa D.tU. \V. <k1.a.u1. Knitiiu Lauuing.
Marssvilie. IWOT&ta •7:13*
J«"«:O(>» Atlauti.: r.tprc.^— Ogd«n and East •12:i*r
•»:O<»» N.leJ, Tncy, i*'.hrop. Siocitoii 'JrilSA
•»::m* Han Joae. J.ivrrm r.. Mtucktou,
I<me. Hstcrmjiieuin. Plac»rrll!e.
Marjsiillr. Cbico. Itml I'.luIT M:l-">*
•S:.'ti>« O&kiUiv. Chlnesa (fur Yosemita),
' r>ouora. Carters. •4:15p
•!»:<><»» H»jw»rds. Niles and Way SUtiotn. M l:«3*
*U:()t>t L'i Angeles £iprei» — Martinez,
Tracy, Latiiroi>. .-.:.-. ¦tvn. Merced
Fresno and Loa Ai.»--:c.i •7:l"»r
•BsStM V»l|,...,, Martinez «¦><! Way .Stations •»|43»
*IO:OO* Tbe OrerUnd l.i>idt«d-Ogden. Deu-
»er. Omaha. Chicagi »3«13»
*1I:OO& !N:1.-*. Slockttm. *acr»m>-uto. M*n-
<lota. Freaao, Ilaututd. M^l.i,
!¦¦ r'-r«i;.? *4:13r
•I 1:00a Ll»ermore. st.irj-r. Crwhrn June-
turn. Ui k rr.-4-i 1. Loa Augetet
¦12:00* IUywartin, Nile* and Way statiout. "2:l*»f
tl:M»r Macramonto l.'itrr Htminon t.Vl><>\
•3:<M»r lUjw-ird*. NMra anil U #7 Statlona. •»!*»»
•l:iii»r Mititiiivjt, Ha>i lUiuon, Vallsjo,
N ir>, IMhtfHW. Hauta It «* *ViI3a
•l:««r> U-nlcla. Winters. Hacramento,
Wouillaiid. Knlwiita Lauding.
MtryatillR. <)r,»i!> •:«; l^»
•««3«»r Nllo% Mau .»..»» »ml Stocfctou »7:l3r
¦3:OUrTlin Owl l.lmltnd— Tracy. Freno.
lUkcrstldld. HaiiK'is fur .SauU Bar-
bara, Ia>» Atigeles. •1»:»3\
•¦linnr Rtockton *U:43a
'JiOiir Si-* Urleant Ezpreu-l-.sVcenilnlil.
." nr!« Itmlmra, i*oa Ancles, i'-ui-
ing. El Pa*o, New Orltiass and
Ea»t •?:***
¦OiOrtr Hafnarda, Nilt-i and Man Juae •71II4
t O:O(I i- V*lle;.i "lailSr
•ttiUur Oriental Mail— Ogtlen. CbeyeBDa,
Omaha. Cblcago 'lasiap
•0:O0r OrleiiUl Mail— Ogden, Denter.
Omaba, Chicago »<:ISr>
•7:OO» NUes. Trtcy. Lathrop. Stocktoa.... »i:*»13p
t?iOOr V«llfJ». Fort (,'usta and Way Sta-
tloua. ltfiSS*
•8i«3r Orrguu aad OsJIfnriU Ki)irt>m.Si.o-
rHiiinutii, Marjsvllln. Kr'l<llnK,
r.irtlim.l. V<m*t. Sonn.l nii.l l'\»» *<:»-Ta
COAST l»l vision (Barm «;*u«e).
.- (Foot of Mnrket Street. >
{7i43a Santa Crui Eieunion for Man:*
Cruz and Principal Way Station! t9:93r
•Sll3ANeiTiU'k,CViiter«ille,Man.lixn,bVlt<>ii,
lioulder Creek. Santa Cruz nnl Way
HtaUoim •«•»!»»
tailor Newitrk, UenterTille, 8an Jowl Iba
Aiaiaileo. Fxltou. Kowlitol I'reeH.
8«iiU Cph aud I'riuvi; <tl Way
fitiitifMH •I«I.1»»
¦4ilAr Newark. Man Jom>. I^« Gafog !•*»•«
alil.tr Glenwood. Felaan. Want* <'ren e w:>«)»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroraSU niM'.vM-fi',: «r Ittfcri Slrttt ts:t> l>—
•7.15 «0O 11:00*. m. J1:C3 *233 13. C3
•i:C3 t9:C3 •e:C3i > .H.
flora lUlUilJ — roil •' Bioii««». — •»•..' "3 H.00 lOOOt.M.
tl2-C3 '1:33 |2:C3 ; 3:C3 U:3 'Z-ZZr.*.
(OAST Division (DrMdUuie).
(Third mid Tow ii^e.i.l SU.)
|«ilni On— ii TIiii. niinin tWii Krauci.xo.. IBillur
t1<O«* San Jons hm.1 \Vi.y (St»ti. i.» (Ne*
Alinad^o WV.h.r..! ;\ <..,,!>) *l)30r
|?:30a Sunday Einiraioo ft San Josa.
Hanta Cruz. Padfio Grove and
Principal Way Stations XSj33»
•«¦««* Kan .I—U-. Trm I'iikm. -....'.,» <r,.l.
Tacilic <;¦<>•«. l'aii.> It. .Lira. Situ
],nis Illilum Hurf. Loiupoc and
Prineli'iir Waf MUUmw: "lilOp
•int li»« San .!¦>«.) and Way »Utlon* *ii : :s5»
¦ll:3n* Saii.lime.LosCatoa.uuiWaySUiiiona *3i3Ur
fJ: l.-ir .s»,. M«t-... ltmlwou.1. M«nlo Park.
Palo Alto. .Sauta Clara. HwJwi
Tre» Pinoa. Hantn rtnr, Halluaa.
Monterey and I'acllic (irn»a tlO::t<l %
?S:3r»p«an.Ii)»«aiid Way Statlnm •?:3«!»
flilSr San Jo«> ami Principal Way Station* ••Jl"»»
tAsOUrSan Jos«, Loa Gatoa aud Principal
Way Stationa «»:O<»»
•3:3Or Sao.lnw>an<l friocina! Way Statlum *•»»»•
•6::iop9au Joseaiid Way rtr.atl.m* t*:««»
>ll>4»p 8an Jo»b»i»1 Way Hutimm »7:3llp
A ror Murniug fUjAtUmumu
•Dmily. t Sunday eieerted. I >u:.d »> ..u.7.
6 Saturday only.
• Saturday and Sund»* « Monday only.
1 ClLifOSm NDSTBWESraNRY.CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcuron Ferry. Foot of .Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN 15AFAEL.
•WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. ra. : 12:33,
>:J0. 5:10, 6:30 p. ra. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 t>. m. Saturdays— Extia trt-s dt I:5\>
and 11:30 d. m. "j
SUNDAYS— S:CO. »:33. 11:00 «, m. : 1:33. 1:20.
6:00, 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:C0, 9JO, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
8:40, S:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tr!p» at
1:51 Rnd fi 3: d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:10. 8:40.
6:05. «:23 p. m.
Between Sun Francisco and Schuetzen Park
rame schedule as above.
Leave I In Kffert. I Arrive
Pan Franclsro. 'Apr. 15. 1'JoO.) San Francls-a.
•Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week"
Days. 1 days, f Destination.] days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Nnvato. 10:40 am! *:40 am
8:30 p:n 9:30 am Petaluma. S:OS pm!10:2." »n\
6:1J pm| S:00 pm Santa Ur«a. 7:35 pm! 8:20 pra
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. ID::;, ara
Heatdsburgr.
Lyttnn.
Geyservtlle.
1:30 pm 8:COarr> Cloverdali». 7:35 pm S:2f> ptn
7:S0am J Hoplan.1 I il0:r. am
t:30 pm 8:00 am' and Uklah. | 7:3o pml 8:2) pra
7:20 ami ;lO:2i aia
) 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:C5 pm:
t:3O pm| I C:?0 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am' S: 40 ara
and
• :10 pm 5:1*0 rm Glen Ellen. J:C3 pmf «:20 pm
7:S0 ami R:00 ami I in: W am'lO:*-. arn
8:30 pm| 5:C0 pmL SebastcpoU I 7:35 pm|'fi:20 prn
Stages connp^t at Panta Rosa tor Mark West
Fpr'ntcs and White Suiphur Springs: at Fultnn
for Altruna: nt Lvtton for I-yttcn Springs: at
Geyservllle for Silages Springs: at <?laver-1a:o
for th« Oey^ers: at Hcplan.l for Duncan
Bprln**. Highlind Sprlnps. KelaeyTtlle. CarN-
bad Springs, Soda Hay. Lak»nort and Rart!ett
Fpr'.ntra; at Uklah for Vichy Sprln«r-«. Sar»t^?a
Pprlnprs, r.lu» Lakes. Laurel Dell Laka. Wittc-
BprlnE^. I'pper Lake, Porno. Totter Vall»y.
John Day's, R!ver»!de, Llerl'y's. r:urkne:r».
Panhedrln Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot
FpiinEs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bra?T. Wpnt-
rort. I>al, Will!t«. Lavtonville. Cummins.
Bell * Sprints, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Kureka.
"arurday to Monday round tr!o tickets at
reduce* rntes.
On Bundiy round trip tickets to all points
fcevond San Kafa»l «t half rat»».
Ticket of floes. «50 Market «t.. CTrontrle b!d«.
JL C. WHITING. R. X. RTAM.
General Man«=»r. Gen. Pass. Arent.
SA\INT/\ F"E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKKT-STKEET FERRT.
L*«v«; Overt«nd: Daily lor Chlca- JLtt\y~
KO. Kansas City. Denver
»ad all Eastern points;
El l^so. City cf • Mex-
ico. Presoott and Phoe-
nix. Ariz.. Bakersn>ld.
• a. m. V'.aalla. Tulare, Han- » p. m.
ford. Fresno. Merced
Stockton. Antloch. Stand-
ard and. Tourls: Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dining
car between Stockton
L_? n<1 Bake " n *ld.
Stockton Local: For San! ~
4:10 p.m. I'ablo. Pinoie. Mulr. liay'U :03 a.m.
Point. Cornwall. Anti-|
ochacd Stockton. I
Bakersfield Local r For San
Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay
Point. Cornwall. Antl-
8 p. ra. och. Stockton. Merced. 8 a. a.
Fresno, Hanford. Visa-
lla. Tutare and Bakers-
(Wd. Sleepers to Fresno
and Bakersfleld.
TICKET OFFICES: CSMarket st.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market »t.. San Francisco.
1118 Broadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Fcrr?:
WEKK DAYS 9:10 a. m.. l:ti and 5:li p. m.
SUNDAYS...!. 2. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Franci.-ico to Summit and rttura. $1 ¦»<).
nkw tavern' op tamalpa is no'.v oprim.
ticket offices c\ market st..
saus.\lito_fi:ri:y.
f "^v Dr.GibDon'sDisptcsary,
giT 1 '** ill in J •».">» ior th*»tr::'.ti!H-r.t,i p-ivutB
W\ /K Sif Ulseuatrs. lost ManhiMxl Debility or
l\6-!.»U,^jC.>^t •li-ieHsew«»arinyoii b<><lynn<lrn:tuJaiHi
' kJr'yiy^k 1 ',^ >Whi t)i»oam-s. l'ti» ¦loctorci:res'.»b»-n
J*iM^£*&i''thersfalL rry him. Chargt* iow
! !*£3£ftMi£y4'urf*zuaratit«' O ,1. fullorwrltc.
; S>r.J,*-.«>XBBOX.JB«wllra7,aaaVtaactoo%
native of Virginia,' County Cavan, Ireland,
aged 27 years 3 months and 23 days.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street., thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her bouI at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLLIANDER— In Oakland. September 2, 1000.
Hlldur, beloved wife of Henry Colllander, and
mother of Carl Colliandpr, a native of
Sweden, aged 37 years 7 motaths and IS days.
COOK — In Oakland, September 3, 19C0, Oliver
Cook, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 50 year:.'
5 months and 14 days.
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 21S Seventh street, Oakiancfc under the
aupplces of Alameda Lodge No. 4i), K. of P.
Interment Mountain View, Cemetery, Oak-
land.
DORAN — In Sacramento, September 3, 1900,
John B. Doran, beloved husband of Laura j
Doran, and father of Wade. Kate and Alice
Doran, a native of Dunkirk, N. Y., aged 43
years S moi-lhs and 20 days.
FAIKCHILD— In this city. August 31. 1300, In-
fant daughter of Willard W. and Sophie E.
Fairchild.
FRENGS— In this city. September 3. 1500, An-
nie Jane Frenga (nee Edwards), beloved wife
of Frank Frcngs, and mother cf MK C. J.,
F. J. and Miss J. C Edwards. Hugo A.
Frcngs and the late Mary L. Edwards, a na-
tive of Jfewtownstewart; ased C2 years.
(CyFrienfls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1S1SU Howard street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo. where mass
will ho celebrated for the repose of her bouI.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount .
Calvary Cemetery.
GILKOY— In this city. September 1. 1500, Mary
Ella, beloved wife of James Gllroy, and sis-
ter of Mrs. W. G. Wilson, a native of New
York, aged 53 years C months and 24 days.
(EyFrirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funqral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-llrst.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by car-
riage.
GEKLACH-In this city, September 2. 19C0,
Frledrich Gerlach. beloved father of Mrs. K.
Hohapzleln. and grandfather of Robert F.
Schaezlein. a native of Oermany. asred 73
years. (Boston, Masr.j papers please vcpy.)
CTFuneral services will be held thi?* day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at the residence of
his daughter, Mrs. R., 1 Schaezlein, 2928 Clay
street, near Broderick.' Interment private.
GILBERT— In the City and County Hospital.
September 3, 1^00. James A. Gilbert, a native
of France, aged CO years.
GUCKENHEIMER— In this city. September ?.,
10(0, Marx, beloved husband of Rosle Ouck-
enhelrr.er. and father of Clara and Fannie
Guckenheimer, a native of Germaiiy, aped Cl
years and 20 days,
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fu.ly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1S13 Slitter street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townseiid streets.
HAYE&-In Fresnc. .September 3. 1300. William
H. Hayes, beloved brother of Mrs. Kate
name?." Mrs. AV. J. O'Neill and J. J.. John
F. and George Hayes, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ased l'7 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:li o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his si.-ter. Mrs. Kate Barnes, 3S6
Hayes street, thence to Holy Cross Church,
where a rolemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing st 10 o'clock.
JOHNSON— In Los Angeles. September 2. 1900,
JulltiH A. Johnson, brother of Mrs. A. John-
son of San Francisco and Mrs. O. Alden, a
native of Sweden, aged 28 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances and members
of the Swedish Society are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted A- Co.. 940 Mission street. Inter-
ment laurel Hill Cemetery.
KELLEY— In this city. September 2, 1900. Si-
mon, beloved husband of Margaret Kelley.
and brother of C. E. Kelley, a native of New
York, aged 73 years.
(T7'The funeral will take place thia day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 207 Larkin street, Strathmore House,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul at 10 o'clock.
KOLSMASKI-In the City and County Hospi-
tal, September 3, 1900. Frank Kolsmaskl, a
native of Germany, aged 67 years.
LEGHORN— In Spokane. Wash., August 23,
19C0, Margaret J.. wife of John Leshorn, sis-
ter of Saralr, Isabella and Thomas W. lrwin,
and niece of Mrs. John Best of Alameda.
McGKATK— In this city, September .3, 1300,
Mathew, husband of the late Mary McGrath,
and father of Michael. Mat, Tom and the late
John McGrath and Mrs. P. Cluness, Mrs. I'.
Consldine and Mrs. E. Miller, a native of
Killrush, County Clare, Ireland, aged 80 years
and C months.
CT Friends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invlte.1 to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from thu resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. P. Cluness, 536
Third street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
i celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
' menclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa
J Cemetery.
MORGAN- in this city, September 2, 1900, Mary
Morgan, beloved wife of William C. Morgan,
a native of New York, aned 41 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, S40 Vallejo street, between Powell and
Mason. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MULLEN— In this city, September 1. 1900, John
: C Mullen, dearly belijved husband of Louisa
: Mullen, father of Annie. John and Bessie
Mullen, son of Edward 'and the late Honora
Mullen, and brother of Thomas II. Mullen, a
native of San Francisco, aged 33 years and o
months. Member of Sequoia Parlor No. 160,
N. S. G. W., and Golden Gate Camp No. 6J.
Woodmen of the World.
tCTThP funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1211 Kearny street, thence to Na-
ti\e Sons' Hall. Mason street, between Geary
and Post, where services will be held, under
the auspices of Sequoia Parlor No. 160, N. S.
G. W., commencing at 11 o'clock sharp. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NYE— Iti this city, September 3, 1D00, Margaret
E. Nye, bffloved mother of A. E. J., J. M. ar,l
T. F. Nye, a native of England, aged 61 years
and 27 days.
QUINLAN— In Oakland, September 1, 1300, An-
nie, beloved wife of James yulnlan, and be-
i loved sister of the late Catherine Lambert, a
native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 5'j
years.
fCFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at &:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1420 Eleventh street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St,
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
•SHEEHAN-In the City and Countyt Hospital,
September 2, liwO. Thomas Sheehan, a native
of England, aged 41 years.
TAYLOR— In this city, September S. 1900. Tru-
man B. Taylor, beloved brother of Rachel P.
Hates and Susan and Harriet Estabrook, a
native of Manchester, Vt., aged 74 years 4
months and 21 days. . •
(C7*Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morj#w (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Odd FellovW Hall, cor-
ner Seventh and Market streets, under the
auspices of California Lodge No. 1, I. O.
o. F. fitii, ;
TIERNEY— In this city, September 3. 1900
iMaRKle M.. dearly beloved and only child of
John and Margaret Tlerney, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 days.
WAKEFIELD— In this city, August 30 1900,
Lucind Wakefleld. beloved mother of E. L.
Ireland of San Francisco and Mrp. Alice
Sproul of Republic. Wash., a native of In-
diana, aged 67 years 2 months and 20 days.
[E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission stre«t, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by car-
riage.
WARREN— In this city. September 2, 1900,
William, beloved husband of Catherine War-
ren, father of May and Josle Warren, and
brother of John and Rlchurd Warren, Kd-
warU. Frank and Thomas Nunan nnd the late
Mrs. Mary A. Butler, a native of County Lim-
erick. Ireland, aged 44 years. .
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WEXEL— In this city. September 3, 1S0O. Aaron
S. Wexel. husband of Fanny Wexel, and
father of Louis S. Wexel. a native of Cracow,
Austria.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEBKELEV HEAL ESTATE.
?r:r.O— YOU really should see this: it's worth
Inspection; just completed; Foutlieant corner
Triegrarih ave. and Derby ?t. ; 5-room cot-
taf«. t.niF'icd In a thoroushiy xvorkmanllke
manner in rvcry respect; with electric HphtK.
pas cinnet tions, etc., and only 10 minutes'
walk from the university. Apply to MASON
ft UcLENATHEN, adjoining V. O., Berkeley
i :.-.»! i-:i.
ttfKC-DO you want a cozy home; i-p'.ck and
rj an; up-to-date and complete In all partlcu-
!^i>7 .See ojr 5 and 6 room bungalow cot-
ti\.TCs on Grove Et. : thoroughly nppointed mod-
ern homes; *.r.<l nn your own terms to right
parties. Ii. IV mwiN. railroad waiting-room, I
Lorln "--tr-tlcii. Open Pundays. |
J?;".'- NEW r.rd haedsotne tv.-o-siory house, 7 •
rocaa* and bath: corner lot. tOxlfiO; n^ar 1
Arbby rtatlan: also <-thr-r barcaina In Berke-
!¦>. Auirecs V. IIOTHERMI^L. :07 Califor-
nia :-t. j
SAFE Investment for *T?CO: block of land favor- I
•Uy located ttfar oonine Sonta Fe R«!Iroad.
I -t. iilnis I'.WH.t.MOTT. f-l«i Market st..5.F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS, i
| UFFiCE— !HS BROADWAY.
OAKIAM) niUL ESTATE.
}1Q0 CASH. IT ."'• monthly; cnmfortabls cottage
• i 5 rooms: sood well of water: chicken-
;.. usea aii'l i~un; pom* flowers; three line lots, j
all fenced: arreet work done; nsar .i model
'.• '.: ¦¦< Ihoiisp. tno eletirlc car I!ne3, new;
] il i-n'.i in c'Uif"; ol erection; away from coll ;
\. ;.;;> ard fos*: excellent soil: will crow al- j
most aaythiag; trfaote price ISEO; r"»aitva:< . ¦
! Hdfuiains Kem Oakland; call or s?r.d /or clr-
I culir. 4r.i> 6c»tnth tt., Oakland; cairiuiie tree. |
HEXIIY ::. .TONES. Owner. ]
U tie PHOPERTY for S23CO; $100 cash, balance j
mi.rcsrase; bouse, S room?, bath. et?. : mod- ;
I «rn; Orst-claes condition; sunny; barn; out- {
bulldir.ps; driveway; lot 50x120; location and i
EurrciC&dingi the best in city: close to trains. I
s'"ii'>cls>, cars, tic. ; j^cnuine 5r.3p and soon I
• Bdd; i-ome early. • ' I
J. S. UYEItS, ICC! Br^niway. OaVland^
1 *.<'"' HOUSK for I35CO; $'C0 cash, balance easy j
i:. staling rrts: rew Colonial of 7 rooms, con- !
liilning aii the lat"«t features a;id ideas to ¦
make the idfjl h'Ji:i»; beautiful location; |
! runny; lot i feet nbove street grade; terreced; I
i 3 i.io<'l;« mm iccal; between Z tar line^; aur- !
nrandinpa ftret cla?", must b* jern to be ay-
! predated.
: • J. .s. MY "HP. 10C Prctdwar. Oakland.
£133— MODERN cottage of 6 rooms anl lot ?,2x ¦
];."¦: (rest Bide Chestnut Pt.. near Fourteenth. ;
BELDEX & COOK. Washlnston and Kour- j
t'-f-th bis. |
FINK li-room reticence in bcr>t location; front- i
i:iK on <*lty I'mk; would take lot or small t
Propel ty or Cff'd country plcre in part pay- •
nn r.t. BELDEN & COOK, Washington and I
Tourtocr-th t:s. |
Jlof/O— FINKLY situate.l lot S0zl43; on north J
fide Merrtmac ft., near TtSfjrraph ave. BEL- j
DEN & COOK, Washington ani Fourteenth, i
; ?"'•<>— ;*siio; NORTH tide Thlrteenta st.. near \
I C<-Tii«r. BELDEN &. COOK. Washlnston |
j and Fourteenth *t«.
|S0)H(2a CASH, balance Rat at 8 per cent; !
ne>v S rocmf, uoroelaln l.ath ar.d tlli^i Fink; I
j caw fixture.* and ;:haii»>s; c»m»nt walk"; lo- j
!!r..*y. DELDEN &. COOK* n'achlnston and :
| Fourteenth Etn.
I ISO— FOUIt room?, bath: high basement; brick |
toundation; 1 block from electric cars; 30 ;
rrinutes' wall; to Fourteenth ar.d Uroadv/ay. j
i;ei.de.\ &, CuOK, w'R^hir.gton and Four- ,
! t-<::th sts. {
' mm ~~~' —^1— — — M— —^.^M— — ¦^^¦^^— » j
i UAKLAM) FIBMTIIIB FOIt SALE. I
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the '
furniture .lealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland, j
ROOMS FOIl IlOCBEKEEPIXd
! CLKlinNTINA. 121, off Fourth— Housekeeping
| rooms, complete; also single rooms; private.
' ELEVEN in, 120 — Two or three sunny rooms: J
bay-w-ir.dow; light housekeeping; $12 or $16; I
s»rcond floor. Call from 1 to 9 p. m.
ELEVENTH, 12". near Howard— Sunny unfur- i
ni.-hed room; light housekeeping.
1 KLL1S. 621, near Larkln— Newly furnished front I
j room; housekeeping: $lft; suite of 2 rooms, $12; I
frtmt «ulte of 3 rooms. $M; all sunny. j
j FOLSOM. "SH:-2 neatly furnished connecting j
rooms; Ptove; also 1 lar^e single; reasonable. !
! HOWARD, 1063*i— Two connecting housekeeping J
; rm.«.. furn.. tS; also double and single rooms. J
HYDE, 4&S— Sunny front alcove suite, complete j
for housekeeping, $20; also parlor suite.
LAHY uroinjr Kast will let 2 to 3 sunny house- I
keeping r<x)ms: walking distance of Call; ref- I
ercaw; no children. Ii E. H.. box 4046, Call i
office.
MARKET. 30:$-LarKe light room and kitchen, j
furnished: folding bed; gas; $10 a month. >
MAUKETT. 16**;. opposite Tenth — Furnished bed- |
room and kitchen; comfortable, eunny al- i
cove; ?S each. ¦
MINNA. 2S— Sunny furnished hnusekeeping
piom«. ?:n»?le and double. 75c and $1 per week. I
OAK. 11&— Sunr.y single rooms, furnished for i
h'iusekeepin(r, S6 and $9 each, gas extra.
OAK, 13o—3 furnished rooms for housekeeping; j
no children.
POL.K. f.22 — Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent cheap.
POWELL, S03, near Sacramento— 3 unfurnished '
rocn;B; gas: $12; marine view; all sunny rms. I
Sl.'NNNY-BROOK House. XE. cor. Goufth. I
Market and Haipht — Furnished rooms to let by I
day, week or month; also housekeeping; en-
trance S Gouzh st.
I
SITTTER. 407—3 housekeeping- rooms. |
THIRTEENTH. 329. near Valencia— Lanre front I
room furnished complete for housekeeping; !
also small room. ;
VAN NESS ave.. 402—3 neatly furnished con.
fur.ny rooms; also bay-window suite; hskpur.
VAN NESS AVE.. S13— Parlor floor: all newly
furnished; sunny; large yard; references.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions r
received at Call branch office, 2200 Filimnre st. |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and \
subscriptions has been established at 1036 ]
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET l-'urn. and Infiirn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to U per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
ll?ht housekeeping; open all night. I
A— SUTTER. 717. near Taylor— Sunny ; choice;
reasonable: please investigate.
AT C2 Second— Light housekeeping, $1 50 to $2 DO
per wk; single and double, $1 to $2 50 per wk.
AUSTIN AVE.. 105. off Polk, near Pine— Un-
furnished rooms for housekeeping; large front
sunny; also others.
BURNETT.^ 1«M Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
niehed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
EUSH, Si'O <The Elk)— Chanced hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. eunny rms., $1 50 tr> S7 j
week; Sc to Jl M night. MRS. P. RANFT. j
BVSH. 140S— Funny room; gas and bath; $6; no !
ether roomers. i
CAI'I'. 20 — 3 larjse sunny uniurnlshed rooma In
quiet family without children. j
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly j
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable. ;
EI^DY. 'Jl'i — 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms: j
cnnvenlenrep; fine location; private residence, j
GEARY, S.'.C— i:ie-;at;t runny front rooms; piano; j
rultes nnd ether rooms; phone. |
GKARY, S7S — Elecant Eunny rooms; private;
Lath: dude and suites.
GOLDKN OATE, 727— Finely furn. front rm. ;
tingle, en suite: gents; private; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Minion ete.— Sunny rooms, en «-ulte or*
rinjrle: ladits' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HAYEB. 114— Two unfurniFhed rocms to let.
1IO1TL Krancisoo— ElcKart suites: single; tran-
fUr.l; l,athF. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, srs— Rooms from $1 reek up to ?i;
26c to Jl night; alFO housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 4*9. cor. fith- Orlando House— New
snanacfmTit; furnished rma. : suites or single.
HOWARD, 2Cil, near Twenty-second— Sunny
front rocm; Fingle; $.".
JESSIE, TC3. rear Fifth end Market— Furnished
room, 55; 2 housekeeping, $S.
JEESIB, C55 — Furnished rooms; aldo heusekecp-
inK roon:s.
LARKIN, Sisu— Sunny front alcove rooms;
light houst- keeping: gas; bath; $15 per month.
LARKIN, 1004, near Post— Newly renovated
furnished sunny rooms; very reasonable.
LAS PALMAS. 1&20 Market fct.-Sulte of 2 or 3
rm?. ; private; bath; sin. rms, ; board optional.
MINNA. 6«7, corner Kighth — Newly furnished
liay-v/indow loom, $1 ptr week: transient.
JHNNA, 5TJ, near Seventh— 2 nloe sunny rooms,
with eratc. gas, bath and use oC parlor; J7
nn»i f3.
UIS3ION, 723, near Fourth — Neatly furnished
rooms, day or weel:; block from Market st.
MORRIS AVE.. 73, bet. Dryant and Harrison—
Nicely furnished front room; reasonable.
THE~SOUTHERN
NICELY furnished and unfurnished rooms;
terms very reasonable. 438 Fifth st.Impaled on a Hook.
Joe Espestitlo. a boy employer! In a
butcher shop at Greenwich street and,
Montgomery avenue, was trying to hang
a piece of meat on a hook in th? shop
yesterday afternoon, but missad and the
hook penetrated his »-lv,'ht hard, cutting It
severely. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where tho Injured hand was
stitched and dressed. Ho lives at 1713 FU
bert street.
Keturned.
j) r f. C. Keck has returned rrom Eu
rope and is now ready to rosume his prac
tice. Office 31-' Bails street; hours 2 to 4;
phone Howard ZZ2.
H. B, Monges gave a lecture last night
at the Academy of Sciences Hall under
the auspices of the International Brother
hood League on "Mental Microbes." The
lecture was illustrated by stereoptlcon
views.
Lectured on "Mental Microbes."
POLICE READY
TO GATHER IN
KNOWS CROOKS
Arrangements Made to Pro
tect the Many Visitors
Who Are Coming.
Chief Sullivan is also making extensive
arrangements for the celebration. During
the day of the big parade next Monday all
the special officers will be in uniform to
do police duty, as the entire force will be
on the streets on the line of parade. They
will also be required on the more frequent
ed streets to preserve order I after the
parade is over. A squad of men will be
stationed nt the foot of Market street to
divert traffic east and west and away from
Maiket street, so as not to Interfere with
the parade. The entire line of march will
be roped with wire rope and spectators
will have to keep on the sidewalks. This
rule will be rigidly enforced. N'o special
instructions will b« issued policemen re
garding the making of arrests in cases
of men under the influence of drink', and
where there nre, rows on the streets due
to en overindulgence in liquor. The
policemen will be guided by their own
judgment in such cases.
"Commencing to-morrow," said Captain
Seymour yesterday, "detectives will meet
all the incoming trains and- steamers and
they will arrest every crook that • they
recognize. , Those arrested will be detain
ed until after the celebration. 1 propose,
as far as 1 am able, to protect the unwary
from being fleeced by these sharks. It is
possible that we may not be abie to gather
them all in, but most of them are Known
to us and it will be impossible for them
to escape. We are following the same
course that was adopted at the time the
Christian Kndeavorers were here."
Bunko men, pickpockets and others of
that ilk who come here with the Intention
of reaping a harvest during the Admission
day celebration will be disappointed.
Captain Seymour issued Instructions yes
terday to his detectives to arrest all bunko
men and pickpockets and they will be kept
In the city prison until the celebration is
over. Detectives Ryan and Dillon arrested
two well-known bunko men yesterday —
Charles JIahoney and William Russell—
and they were locked up in "the tanks."
Miihont-y pretends to his victims that he
is the owner of a hotel at Santa Cruz
looking for a purchaser.
The Santa Fe system desires to inform
Us patrons that the new office at C41 Mar
ket street will be the headquarters of that
line in San Francisco. The attention of
the traveling public is called to the fact
that the Santa Fe operates its own trains
from San Francisco through to Chicago
running standard and tourist sleeping
cars, reclining chair and dining cars!
Three personally conducted excursions each
Double dally train sen-Ice *9 a. m
??«r.l«?> l^V ) . t0 Stockton, Merced, Fresno*.
Hanfortf, Visalia. Tulare and Bakersfleld.
Local sleepers on 8 p. m. train to Fresno
and Bakersneld. Stockton local leaves at
4:10 p. m. --._..».¦• •
An Important Change.
Santiago Inundated.
SANTIAGO DE CVHA. Srpt. 3.—Santi
e-fro is experiencing the severest wr-ather
known here since 1&77. To-day the lower
jiart of the. tity is five feet under water.
'Ihe firemen and police are assisting the
sufferers.
"Give me a glass of whisky, for I ain't
got long to live. My pipes are dry and I
want just one more drink before I close
my eyes never to open them again."
Thus spoke James Sheperdson, an ex
member of the Tennessee Regiment, as
he staggered Into a saloon at 434 Pine
street yesterday morning. The bar
tender, suspecting that he had taken poi
son, gave him a drink of whisky and then
had him sent to the Receiving Hospital.
After reaching that institution he re
lapsed into unconsciousness and seemed
to be in a dying condition. As there was |
nothing found on him to indicate who he f
was, the surgeons at once notiiied Cap- I
tain of Detectives Seymour. . He detailed
Detectives Dinan and Wren en the case,
and after considerable trouble they
learned the patient's name through a
comrade who had served with him in the j
Tennessee Regiment. According to the i
story, Sheperdson became disgusted with j
the "life of a soldier and managed to se
cure his discharge through the efforts of
some influential friends. On being chided i
by his comrades for leaving the regiment
he became despondent and determined to i
take his life. Before entering the Pine
street saloon he swallowed fifteen grains
of morphine, which he had purchased
with money given him by a friend. As j
the poison began to take effect he walked
into the saloon, determined to take a fare
well drink of whisky, as he thought.
Last night the surgeons at the hospital
expressed the opinion that he would live.
2£rs. Harrison, a Divorced "Woman,
in the Morgue, a Victim of
Malpractice.
A woman giving her name as Mrs. A.
Y. Harrison presented herself at the. St.
"Winifred Hospital, 1025 Sutter street, at 5
o'clock last Saturday afternoon. She told
I»r. C. H. RosenthaJ that she had arrived
from SaJt Lake City on the previous, day,
v.here Fhe had undergone a surgical ope
ration, from the effects of which she was
then Fuffcriner. An examination con
vinced the physician that she was tho
victim of rnaij/facticc. anS it was decided
to perform another operation. Dr. Wins
jow Anderson assisted, the woman being
)>!;icerl under chloroform.
Mrs. Harrison grew worse after the ope
ration and died at midnight on Sunday.
She was but little past 29 years old. a
< l*-rk by occupation axid a divorced wo
man. A return ticket to Salt Lake City
was found among her effects. Morgue
Burgeon Lolajid performed an autopsy
.-irxl reiiort^d that death had resulted
from hemorrhase. An inquest will be
hc-ld.
CAME FROM SALT LAKE
TO DIE IN THIS CITY
He Is Wanted Here on a Charge of
Having Defrauded an
Innkeeper.
V. C. Clarke, an employe of the Jour
nal of Commerce, who was arrested in
Oakland Saturday for selling hired rigs
and obtaining money by false pretenses,
is wanted here also on a charge of de
frauding an innkeeper. He used to visit
Lenhamt's Casino in Golden U;Uo ParK
and run up extensive bills, paying a little
now and then to keep L.enhardt In good
humor. August 2S I^enhardt insisted on
payment in full and finally compromised
on* $25. Clarke giving him a check for the
amount on the Nevada Bank. When the
check was presented at the bank it was
marked "no account." l.enhardt secured
a warrant for his arrest last Saturday on
the charge of defrauding an innkeeper.
It is also alleged that Clarke has swin
dled a large number of business men In
this city by securing money from them on
the proposition that their advertisements
would appear in a "Paris Bxpositlon num
ber" which he intended to publish. It
has never been published and there is
small chance of Clarke being able to
publish it now. even is he were willing.
WARRANT FOR ARREST
OF SWINDLER CLARKE
Members of Occidental Board of For
eign Missions Listen to Inter
esting Talks.
Rev. William Kirk Guthrie, assistant
pastor of the First Presbyterian Church,
delivered an interesting talk before the
members of the Occidental Board of For
eign Missions yesterday on "The Present
Outlook in China." He told of the causes
that led up to the present trouble In the
Flowery Kingdom and discussed the
probable outcome.
Rev. John Carrington, who la on his
way to Siam to pursue his work among
the people of that country, also addressed
the large gathering. He spoke entertain
ingly of his life In that distant country
and dwelt at length on the rapid progres3
Christianity Is making among the na
tives. Dr. Carrington is known to famft,
as the translator of the Bible into the
language used by the residents of Cam
bodia. He 'has worked among them for
years and made many, converts.
Mrs. .C. S. Wright Is president of the
board. In her absence Mrs. L. A. Kelly
presided. The Chinese glrla who are being
educated atAhe mission sang and recited
a number «Bquotations from the Bible.
Notice to Native Sons.
Keep your baggage checks until you
reach San Francisco; you will save one
half in the transfer of your baggage.
One trunk (round trip), 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery— Oakland Ferry Depot,
C30 Market street, 40S Taylor street. •
MISSIONARY WORKERS
HOLD MONTHLY MEETING
Several more missionaries, refugees
from all points of China, arrived In this
city yesterday on the steamer Doric. C.
A. Solquist and Mrs. Solquist. from West
ern China, took apartments at the Occi
dental, as did A. B. Snow and wife of
Singapore and H. !„ Corbin of Nlngpo.
All are refugees. They experienced some
trying moments while en route to the
coast from the interior. They were ex
ceedingly fatigued last night and declined
to talk at length about their adventures
They condemn the imperial troops, who
they declare are little better in point of
armament or discipline than the savage
Boxer hordes.
K. S. Stokke and wife and Miss Pet
erson, missionaries, also arrived on the
steamer. They are representatives of the
American Mission of the Norwegian Lu
theran church of Minneapolis, Minn . and
were stationed at Running Fu. in the
province of Hunan. They had to travel
210 miles to reach Hankow and had
rather a stormy time. On July 13 thev
were driven out by rioters, who looted
the mission.
"What the Chinese need just now is
bullets instead of preaching," said the
Rev. Mr.- Stokke. "This is rather a hard
thir.g for a preacher to say. but It is the
truth and should therefore be spoken
"We had an escort of forty soldiers but
they wanted very much to kill us' and
were very violent. However, there were
only three guns In the company and I
took one of them from a soldier for the
protection of our persons. The women
were carried in sedan cars, but we hVrttn
trundle wheelbarrows fifteen days to K ™
the small belongings left by the looter^
to Hankow China Is a good P la^> [£
stay away from et present, but within a
year it will be safe to return" nm a
Lieutenant Von Krohn, Who
Marched With Seymour,
One of the Party.
MANY REFUGEES
ARRIVE ON THE
STEAMER DORIC
PLEADED FOR
WHISKY AFTER
TAKING POISON
. ¦ ? ¦ ¦
Ex-£oldier James Skeperd
son Vainly Tried to Kill
Himself.
OEDESTRTAXS on Van Ness avenue
about 6 o'clock yesterday afternoon
|J were electrified by the sight of a
runaway span of horses that
dashed up and down the grades with the
rpeed of a "wild" locomotive. Seated in
the buggy were Dr. C. F. Buckley of thin
city and Charles W. Haskell of Denver,
his brother-in-law. When the frightened
team reached the corner of Van Ness
avenue and Pine street, from where the
grade is down hill all the way to Market
etreet, Haskell leaped from the* buggy and
struck with terrific force on the i>itumin
ize<3 pavement. His bones snapped like
pipestems. One fragment of hone pro
truded through the fle?h of his left leg
and from the wound the blood flowed in
a. torrent. Dr. Buckley, who was driving.
remained in his seat until the maddened
animals fell on Market street and threw
him stunned and bleeding on the sidewalk.
The hordes became frightened and
started !•> run away on Van Xe=s avenue
near Union street. With a nerve and cooj
3i*>ss wonderful in a. man of his advanced
year? Dr. Buckley sat in his peat, hold
ing the linos firmly in his hands. Ho
made a striking nguro as the team dashed
madly onward. His eyes were steadily
fixed ahead and he evidently ha<1 it in
mind to go to Market street, for he made
ro attempt to hold in the horses or tn turn
*hem asid* 1 . Hi* white hair was Mowing
in the wind. There was nothing in hi«
manner to indicate that he was in the
ieast perturbed. Warning pbout? were
raised by the bystanders, who realized
that Market stroet at that hour was
Traversed every minute by heavily laden
« arf ajift by scores of teams and* bicycle
rider?. There ¦were half a dozen narrow
escnpos along the avenue, one an old lady.
The preat peril; however, was to be en
countered on Market street. When that
thoroughfare was reached there were
cars moving in both directions and not
far off. On the west-bound car were pos
sibly one hundred passengers, lilling tho
sf-ats and clinging to the platforms.
Dr. Buckley then gave an exhibition of
horsemanship that was worthy of his
nerve. Sheering the horses westward he
>vent over to the_ south side of ilarkvt
street and he might have been able to
have carried out his plan, which evidently
was to lot the horses run out Market
Ptrtet and up the hills until they were
tired enough to come to a stand, i.ut un
fortunately an east-bound car happened
along inopportunely and rendered impos
sible- the consummation of the plan. The
maddened horses were forced over onto
the sidewalk on the south side of the
street, where one of them fell.
Thp brave physician was thrown from
his carriage and struck on the Btonc side
walk upon his head. The horses tried to
go on. but were held by bystanders. Dr.
I3ucklc# was taken up unconscious, and
was carried into Harrington's drugstore.
There he presently revived. His first ques
tion was, "Why. where am I?" Then
he seemed to realize. An ambulance took
him to the MeXutt Hospital on Sutter
street. Mr. Haskell had been taken there
earlier.
Mr. Haskell was unconscious and an ex
amination showed that there was a com
pound fracture of the hones of the left
leg just above the ankle. Dr. Buckley's
injuries did not appear to be serious. His
face was badly lacerated and he had
many bruisps. N'o bones were broken and
he did not appear to have been injured in
ternally. He was put to bed. Later Has
kc-H was operated on.
MINISTERS LISTENED
TO LEARNED. SPEAKERS
"Weekly Sessions of Clergymen Well
Attended — Dr. Guthrie Talks
of His Travels.
Dr. J. W. King of New York, secretary
of the Church Extension Society of the
Methodist Episcopal Church, discussed
the work t of that body before the Metho
dist Ministers' Union yesterday morning.
At the special request of some of the
members he told of the efforts to obtain
State and national legislation against
sectarian appropriations in national ed
ucation. He said thai forty-four States
had already passed the measure and
twenty-nine States had passed bills
iigainst sectarian appropriations for char
ities. During the meeting Rev. \V. W.
Case, presiding elder of 1 the San Fran
cisco district, complimented Mrs. La*e
of the Chinese Methodist Mission for the
good work she has done in rescuing girls
from lives of slavery and immorality.
It was announced that the Japanese
M. E. Conference will bold its districtcon
ference on Wednesday and its sessions
¦will continue until Monday. The meetings
will be held in the Japanese mission house
on Pine street, near Larkin.
Rev. W. K. Guthrle; assistant pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church, ad
dressed the Presbyterian ministers yes
terday. His subject was "Some Vacation
Memories." He pave an interesting ac
count of his travels on the Continent
and told of his experiences and impres
sion? gathered while abroad. He dwelt
particularly on the observance of the Sab
bath in Scotland. He paid he visited the
famous golf links ami on that day was
pleased to note that ihe devotees of the
game bad laid a.=ide their "niblicks, put
ters and brassies" and were spending the
day in rest and meditation.
Rev. George C. Adams of tho First Con
gregational Church discussed "Installa
tion Councils" at the weekly meeting ot'
the Congregational ministers. .
THERE was a pathetic seen© at the
sailing of the steamer Rosecrans for
Manila yesterday. A bright, hand
some lad about 12 years old wanted
to go to Manila with Battery C, and in
order to get there had stowed himself
away. The members of the battery were
with him to a man, but even the most in
genious of their devices failed to gain him
a passage. He was looked up in the wait
ing room at the gateway, and even though
all the windows were broken In an at
tempt to get the boy out all the attempts
at rescue were frustrated.
The boy is John Woefling. and he cJ.me
from Buffalo, N. Y.
"My mother and father are dead," said
he yesterday. "Tife only relatives I have
are my stepfather, John Johnson, who
works in a brewery; my brother, who
works in a planing mill, and mv sister,
who works out. My stepfather" had no
use Tor me, and I don't blame him a bit.
Tie looked after us all right and did ev
erything possible for us. I didn't want to
be a drag on him. so I determined to go
to the Philippines.
"I got away from Buffalo on a freight
train and beat my way as far as Kansas
City. There I was put off and had a hard
time of it. Nobody wanted me and living
was hard. I only had a few scraps to e-nt
and people called me a vagrant. Finally
I grot on a. train and worked my way
throuph to San Francisco.
"Then I went to the Presidio and the
boys took me up. I learned that my part
ner, who ran away with me, was a* bugler
on the Thomas, and I made- sure I could
pet the same job on the Rosecrans. Tho
corporal of Cattery C made me a suit out
of his old pants. Another corporal gave
me a hat, some of the boys dug up a
haversack and canteen for me. and when
I marched aboard the ship I was a sol
dier from my head to my heels. I was up
against it, however. The transport men
caught mej and in .spite of pleas from my
comrades I was yanked ashore, and here
I am."
There have been many mascots who
went to the front, but never has there
hjpen one that carried the sympathies of
the boys in blue with him in so preat a
degree as did John "Woi-fling of Buffalo
AGED PHYSICIAN PROVED HIMSELF A HERO.
JOHN WOEIXING, THE EUNAWAY BOY.
The friendly test case be^un by the At
torney General and tho Secretary ot* Stato
to determine which of two constitutional
amendments relating to the reorganiza
tion of the appellate judiciary of tna
State should be submitted to the voters
has developed some interesting points. A
number of the brightest lawyers in. th'3
State have been endeavoring to unraval
the tangle and all disagree.
At its regular session id 1>DO tho Legis
lature proposed an amendment to the con
stitution looking to a. reorganization of
the appellate judiciary of this State wilii
a view to relieving the congested condi
tion of the calendar of th<> Supremo Courc.
At the extra session ot 10m> the legisla
ture again proposed an amendment look-
Ing to the reorganization of th« appclhua
judiciary of this State, which proposed
amendment was, excepting as to certain
minor matters, substantially the same ad
the amendment proposed at the regular
session in relation to the same subject.
When the Secretary of State came to nave
these proposed amendments printed an.i
sent out to the various County Clerks. a>
required to do by- law. he ran across tht>
two amendments that Memed to be very
much alike, and he thereupon wrote io
the Attorney General asking if he should
certify both amendments, or if only one,
which one. The Attorney General replied
that in his opinion the LeRislature ha-t
a. lepal right to propose constitutional
amendments at the extra session, and that
the amendment then proposed in rotation
to the appellate judiciary displaced arid
superseded the amendment proposed in
that behalf at the regular session and
that, therefore, the Secretary of Stato
should certify tho amendment proposed
at the extra session, but not the one pro
posed at the regular session.
The matter be Ins of such jrrave Im
portance, the Attorney General and tho
Secretary of State concluded that it would
bo wise to secim 1 a decision from tho Su
preme Court upon the question as to which
one of these amendments should be sub
mitted to the people.- A friendly suit was
thereupon bepun and is now pendinpr in
the Supreme Ccurt. The Attorney Gen
eral, on behalf of the people, and ilessrs.
Riordan & Lande, on behalf of tho Secre
tary of State, tiled their briefs and agreed
that the cause might be submitted .or de
cision. At this point, however, Messrs.
Anderson &. Anderson, attorneys of 1*03
Anseles, through W. II. Anderson. ex-As
sistant Attorney General, tiled a brief a.5
friends of the court, in which thery :ir-
Rued that the act of ISS3, under which
constitutional amendments have hereto
fore been submitted, was repealed by an
act passed by the Legislature at the reg
ular session in XSSO, arid that there ia row
no law under which constitutional amend
ments can be submitted to a vote of tho
people. In reply to the brief of Messrs.
Anderson & Anderson the Attorney Men
eral has just completed a brief In which,
he calls the attention of the court to tho
fact that the journals of the Senate and
Assembly of the session of 1SJS show that
the repealinp act referred to by Messrs.
Anderson & Anderson is inva'.i 1. for the
reason that the bill signed by the Gov
ernor was not the same till that passed
the Legislature. . .
It appears from the Journals of the two
houses that the bill was originally intro
duced by Mr. Wade of N.ipa. and was
known as Assembly bill !•¦'>• - As ln . tr 1 | > "'
duced it was amendatory in form and by
its terms was lntend*d to amend section
1 of the act of 1SS3 in the matter of tha
publication of constitutional amendments.
When the bill reached tto« SenaU this
amendatory matter wa<«. on .ia lotion of
Senator Davis or Amador. stricken out
and In its place was inserted -^ simple re
pealing clause repealing the whole of tha
act of 1S83. To this j-memlmrnt the As
sembly agreed, but when the blU ™» c »)*|
the Governor, strarse to jay. It still had
In It this amendatory mat trr which had
been stricken out by the fc enate The
Governor approved the b;ll with th»3
amendatory matter remaining in i it and
It was then sent to the Secretarj of State.
W The e Attornev Genenil cites authortttes
showimr tha" tho bill slfned by tha Gov
e?nor musfbe the same bill passed by the
Legislature, otherwise the entire att is a
null ty He further arsues that inasmuch
as the bill which the Governor si^pert
"ntalneS matter which had been stricken
out of it bv the two houses it is not tho
same bill which the Legislature passed.
an,j t, therefore void, and consequently
the Ml of '1SS3 is still m force and under
it constitutional amendments may still to
submitted. »
Supreme Court to Decide Which. Leg
islative Act Shall Be Submitted
to the Voters of ths
State.
Reorganization of Appellate
Judiciary Causes Much
Deep Thought.
TEST CASE AS
TO AMENDMENTS
IN ORGANIC LAW
Police Officer John Dougherty, bailiff in
Judge Fritz's court, is the man who, it 13
alleged, forced Joseph Deane, charged
with grand larceny, to give him $2 50 for
taking him to the Hibernia Bank to draw
his money, as told in yesterday's Call.
As soon as Chief of Police Sullivan
learned of the outrage he sent for Deane,
who unhesitatingly told the story of how
he had been arrested for grand larceny
and taken into Judge .Fritz's court for
examination; how Dougherty, the bailiff,
and a police court practitioner named
Glover induced him to go to the Dank,
where he had $208 on deposit, with them
for the purpose of "shaking" him down,
as he expressed it. After drawing tho
money ho claimed he was forced to givo
Glover &0 and the policeman $2 50, the
latter amount being for "protection."
Both' Glover and Dougherty, so Deane
says, represented that they could •tix"
Judge Fritz and unless the amount they
asked for was t'ortlicoming he would
be "railroaded" to San Quentin.
Chief Sullivan at once *ent for Glover
and Dougherty and asked them ll thev
knew Deane. Glover replied that he had
been engaged to defend him. but denied
that he had forced him to give up any
money. After carefully scrutinizing
Dougherty the prisoner declared that he
was the man who accompanied him to the
bank and under the pretext that he haJ
a "pull" with Judge Fritz demanded ?2 30
as his fee.
Glover and the policeman vehemently
denied that Deane was forced to give up
to them. Glover, who was under the in
fluence of liquor, became so boisterous in
his denunciation of I_>eane that Captain
Seymour had to order him out of tha
office.
Dougherty will be cited to appear before
the commissioners at their next meeting
to show cause why he should. not be dis
missed from the force. It is* understood
that proceedings will also be commenced
against Glover to have him disbarred.
Says the Policeman and Attorney
Glover "Shook Him Down"
- for His Good, Hard
Money.
Accuses Police Court Bailiff
of Forcing Him to Pay
for Protection.
DEANE ASSERTS
J. DOUGHERTY
IS THE MAN
TWO MEN BADLY INJURED
IN A RUNAWAY ACCIDENT
Dr. C. F. Buckley and His Brother-in-
Law, C. W. Haskell of Denver,
Meet With Disaster.
YOUNG DENTAL
STUDENTS IN
NEW QUARTERS
Splendid College Buildings
Formally Opened by Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler.
University President Welcomes the
Students and Warmly Praises
the' Big State Institution
of Learning.
9
¦ The commodious new dental buildings
of the University of California were for- '
inally opened yesterday afternoon when
Benjamin I. Wheeler, president of the uni
versity, warmly welcomed the incoming
stutients and congratulated them upon
having such a desirable home of learning.
The lecture-room was well filled with
students, their relatives and friends and
before the exercises began the boys found
considerable amusement in giving ihe col
lege yell and a few "tigers" for President
Wheeler and Dean Goddard. The occasion
marked the opening of the nineteenth ses
?> •? lhe collo &e and as a preface to
President Wheeler's address Dr. Goddard
took occasion to thank the State legisla
ture for appropriating: the money for the
new buildings and Incidentally he alluued
to ttje fact that no funds had been sup
pllrrt-*T)y the. State for equipping the col
lege; the lixtures having been purchased,
through the means: of a loan, for which
the members of the l faculty gave personal
security.
The dental department of the University
ol California was started in 1SD1. At first
a course in the department covered two
terms of five months each. It was tho
lirst dental college in the United States
to adopt a course of nine months a year
instead of three. It was the third dental
college in the Union to require prelimin
ary examinations for admission and also
the third college to substitute a three
years' course for a two years" course.
President Wheeler was warmly received
and gave an earnest, practical talk, last
ing nearly an hour. He believed that this
section of the West is destined to become
a great center for the imparting of knowl
edge in medical science.
f "The medical work," said Dr. Wheeler,
"must needs be done in the large cities.
Experience has demonstrated that tho
place for a medical school is in a big
city. This assemblage here to-day means
that a public institution goe3 into full
operation, an institution that is a .con
stituent part of the University of Cali
fornia. It is no small honor to be con
nected -with the University of California.
This year it will have passed the 3H)0
mark in the number of its stude'nto.
Young men have come in upon us this
year like an avalanche. In 1K9S the out
side students represented only 3 per cent
of the total enrollment. This year tho
outside registration is over 8 per cent."
The president then went on to tell what
the university has accomplished for San
Francisco and the State of California, iic
noted a marked increase in the number ot
students who come from Southern Cali
fornia, while tho enrollment of students
coming from around the bay shows a de
crease from 25 to IB per cent. This means
that tho student list is becoming more
general. It is losing its provincial char
acter. Eight years ago it was a San
Francisco institution: now it ia a State
and national institution. It's a great, j
proud, noble body engaged in spreading
knowledge among young men:
"I was told a short time ago," said Dr.
Wheeler, "that the best men at Johns
Hopkins came from the California Uni
versity. As none but college graduates
are accepted there I consider this a very
high indorsement."
President' Wheeler then took up th-?
question of discipline, paying in part:
1 "The world wants disciplined men. It
don't want men who do only as they like
to do. It wants men who do as others
like them to do. Men who reckon upon
the sense of obligation and who know
what it is to say 'that's my duty' ara
the ones most wanted to-day. There is
no call for free lances or the man with
moral laxity. The call is for disciplined,
trained men who know the difference be
tween right and wrong and observe it."
Tho president concluded by referring to
the high standing of the graduates of tb'j
University of California and of the vari
ous positions of trust and responsibility
they have assumed since leaving ihe in
stitution. The university, he said, is what
Its graduates make it.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1900.
RUNAWAY WOULD LIKE
TO BE A SOLDIER
John Woefling Runs Away From Buf
falo, N. Y., and Is Found Hidden
on- the Rosecrans.
12
There are many imitation baking powders sold at a low price The*
are made from alum, a corrosive acid which is poisonous in food
-, •» 111 IUOU.
JIOYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST.. NEW YORK.
Strongest, purest, most economical
arid healthful of all leavening agents.
MUNCTE. Ind., Sept. 3.— Late to-day the
managers of Muneie's two slaps factories,
owned by the American Window Glass Com-
pany, were ordered by telephone from Pitts-
hUK to resume work at 8 o'clock Tuesday morn-
Inj*. a Ffttlement having been made with the
Patteners. Thousands of ekilled laborers are
affected.
ST LOUIS Sept. 3.— H. Keith and' Henry
Crassock of this city were drowned as the re-
sult of thSTapsizIng of a skiff below the Mer-
chants" bride*. Their boat was i upset by a
squall Edward Schultz and Henry .Kngling j
duns to the overturned boat until rescued by
fishermen. ...
Hank Stock Reporters' Note Bonks save the
sight. Mysell-Rollln», 22 Clay, makers. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We Are Selling ~~
China
Crockery
Gfasswaro
Siiver Plates! Wtfapo
Agaieware
tJawi£is£Ge»Qs, Lam*23
Kitchen Wfara
at
Away Dawn Prwas
CO31S JUST TO SF.S '**
Good Time and Place to i: U y ""*
Great American tartim Ia &.
MONEY-SAVING STOKES.
riO-?12 Grant Ave. (Bet. llutter and i"- -•¦>
861 Market St. tOpj. Powell. ' '
140 Sixth St.
355 Hayes St. m Third S*
1«9 Polk St. > m UontKomer* *?•
2516 Mission St. 705 Larkin St"
£006 Sixteenth St. 1S13 Devtsadero St.
145 Ninth St. 475 Haigh: Sr
2008 FtUmora St. 3:s; Mission St.
62 Market St. 2722 24;h St
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 TTashinston St- n> r. 12th St.
1237 Broadway ILs3 ?Zil Ave.
1510 Seventh St. 12^ I'a.-k St. Ali= e -»,
B St.. near 4th. Saa RaTael. " ce> * a '
Prices lower than ever,
dr.mcmltyT
T'nis wejx-kxou'n A>;r> rkxja iu.f ni ->
. .SpeoIa!isE<rurr*Blo<«J Poison. <;<im.r'h.pi7;' -
Stricture. Nominal Weakness. Impotviv-aall
¦ Hied Disorders. I*<ioi£ on I>i.-ie~<-fs of'if?.' f-. .«'
<)vf»rCOTpars>xperipnrp.Tprm'«reason.ihic r - *
9to3daily;«::iOto8.:iOov'Ks. HnndaTs.jOto ij.'< [
tation free andsacredly confidential, fall or i :
P. ItOMCOR MfXl'LTY. M.D.
2C, J i Kearny Wt., Kan J'ranriwo, fni.
Your sideboard at heme Is tncoinjilate If i:
Is not stocked with Jesse Moore "AA" whisfcav..
— '^^^^fj!
Wp have published for the X. S
G. W. c«lcbration a march by J. n
* Brenner. It's a good, stirring piece
» that is sure to take. Souvenir
I cover contains the pictures of all
¦ the officers of the Grand Parlor
¦ Price 25c.
Don't forget the old favorite.
¦ California's own— "The Days of
? Quick and intelligent Eervice. a
t large and complete stock are the
* features in our sheet music depart-
J znent, and prices are
j one^half off
to everybody.
I Sherman, Clay & Co.,
i £t(!niray Piano Dealer*,
Ccr. Keurny and Suiter et«., S. F.
Cor. 12th and Broadway. Oakland.
BCor. !rd and Morriacn eta., Portland.
711 Second eve.. Seattle.