SA1ST FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CE^sTS.
VOLUME LXXXYIII-NO. 113.
MASSACRE OF FIVE THOUSAND
CHINESE BY THE RUSSIANS
•• LONDON. Sept. 21.— "Authentic accounts have been received here," says the Moscow correspondent of the Standard.
** "of a horrible massacre at Blagovestlchensk; which was undoubtedly carried out under direct orders from the Rifssian
j! authorities, and which then let loose the tide of slaughter through Amur.
•j* "The entire Chinese population, of 5000 souls was escorted out of town to a spot five miles up the Amur, and then.
•• being led In batches of a few hundred to the river bank, were: ordered to crosa over to the Chinese side. 'No boats were
T provided, and the river is a mile wide. The Chinese were flung alive into the stream and were stabbed or shot at the
X least resistance.- while Russian volunteers, who lined the'bank. clubbed' or shot'any who attempted to land. Not one es
i. caped alive. The river bank for miles was strewn with corpse3."
LONDQX. Sent. 20.— It waa explained
to-day at the British Foreign Office that
"it was found Inexpedient for the powers
to accept the Russian withdrawal pro
posal," as they had reliable Information
that "the Boxers were ready to reoccupy
Peking as soon ai the allies retired."
Allied Troops Retire.
Boxers Prepared to Raturn When
READY TO REOCCTJPY_ PEKING.
A portion of this Is unintelligible to
the department officials, and they have
asked the telegraph company for a cor
rection on It. v.V>
TAKU (no date). Adjutant General, Wash
ington: Peking. Sept. 16.— To avoid further
crowding reklnp have had in mind a division
of my force between Peking, Yan'frtsun. Tient
sin, at the latter place leaving one battalion
only because ground Tientsin low. damp, un
suitable. Other commanders no Instructions,
but they assume at least some of
their troops remain Peking during win
ter. I statje this as Indicating what Is to be
ascertained' here, not knowing, of course, the
action being taken by the powers and the
United States. Only one regiment Russian
troops retired toward Tientsin yet moved (have
troops of other powers done ro?) Condition
of Chinese some better; gardeners entering the
city freely, relieving the distress prevailing
some, days ago. Slight resumption trade; other
conditions very fair, rendering the situation
quiet. Expedition to-d^y, Wilson commanding,
expel Boxers to the westward In order free*
the country for coal supply mine, Peking.
Headquarters one squadron . Sixth Cavalry,
Yangtsun to camp. Telegraphed you 30th rail
road to be prepared. LI Hung Chang left
Shanghai 14th. Remey reports Rockhill ex
pected Taku Uth. CHAFFEE.
The War Department also received the
following cablegram from General Chaf
fee:
Two daughters of Atwater and twenty-six
others murdered .at Tayuan July 9. Clapp and
wife, four others, murdered Taiku July SI. At
water. wife, two children, Elx other* murdered
by their escort near Pen Chow Fu August 15,
a. m.. in Shan province. Same message re
ports six persons, Dlxon and wife, Occurren
and wife, single gentleman and single lady as
having escaped into the mountanls from a mis
sion thirty miles to north of Takuan. They es
careri on horseback and possibly may have
evaded their pursuers. CHAFFEE.
TAKU fno date). Adjutant General, Wash
ington: Peking. Sert. 17.— Further reply to
number 3S following- accepted here as reliable:
WASHINGTON-. Sept. 20 —The War De
partment received the following dispatch:
the Other of Conditions at
Peking.
TWO REPORTS FROM CHAFFEE.
One Tells of Murders by Boxers, and
Strike Officials Very Busy in the Vi
cinity of Hazleton.
HAZLETON, Pa., Sept. 20.— There was
little activity to-day around the United
Mine Workers' headquarters whence the
coal miners' strike is being directed.
Most of the union officials spent the day
In the outlying towns, meeting the strik
ing men and giving them instructions.
ICo overtures have been advanced by
either side, and there is at present no In
dication that any will be put forth soon.
The strike officials are still at work get
ting the men out, and they say they will
not cease their activity In that respect
until every operator In the anthracite re
gion is tied up. The operators, though
badly crippled, are to-day as confident of
success as they have heretofore been.
The production of coal In the Hazleton
workers with a view to arbitration.
"General Manager Frank Pardee of A.
Pardee & Company's mines, the Cran
berry and Crystal RiOge collieries, says
the property is to-day producing about
three-fourths of the average output. Mr.
Pardee said:
"The men are staying away from work
because they have been intimidated. If
this were not so, I believe fr) per cent of
our men ¦would be working. We are pro
tecting all men working on our property.
Our firm has nothing to arbitrate. Our
men presented but one grievance, the
powder question. Our answer was that
if we reduced the price of powder we
would have to readjust the wage scale.
They said they did not want this done,
but some of them struck. As far as I
know, there is no understanding among
the operators regarding- any action that
might be taken with a view to breaking
the strike. Each operator Is fighting
his own battle."
WILKESBARRE. Sept. 20.— The strik
ers succeeded to-day In Inducing about
fifty men employed at the West End Coal
Company's colliery in Mccanaqua. the
enly mine at work in the upper region.
to quit work. This is the first break in
the working force of the mine since the
strike began.
SHAMOKIN, Pa., Sept. 20.— One hun
dred more men at the Locust • Gap col
liery, operated by the Philadelphia and
Reading Coal and Iron Company, joined
the ranks of the strikers to-day. The
company claims that enough men arc
working to enable operations to continue.
The Xorth Franklin, at Trevorton. owned
by the same company, continues working
full handed and It Is likely that the
United Mine-workers will not be able to
induce any of the men to strike. Most
of the men at Trevorton own homes
there and are said to fear the company
will abandon the operation if they strike.
The colliery Is the only industry in the
place.
While Hugh Davis, a fire boss at the
Pennsylvania colliery, was on his way
to work to-day, Hungarian strikers
assaulted him with clubs. He was seri
ously Injured. An additional number of
detectives went to the colliery after the
assault to afford better protection to
men desiring to work.
NO OVEETITKES ADVANCED.
HOISTING HUNDREDS OF
MULES FROM COLLIERIES
SHAMOKIV. Pa., Sept. 20.— Over -4OO mnlcn uerf liolntcil froni va
rfon* <*olllprlc!» in thl* ncitililMirliumi t«.-i!n> r-r.il will l»e xhlpppil to
the SchiivIkMI Connty corrnl. On Monday tlie mulfx will ?»e liolnted
from the Cameron mine, after which It ho* been determined, tin of
flelnl of the Mineral (.'omiiany nay*, in event of the men not rrtnrn-
Inc to work, to abandon the mine. Kverythtng 1m <iuiet nml orilerly
here.
region is growing smaller with each suc
ceeding day. One of the best proofs of
this is the report of the superintendent of
the Hazleton division of the Lehigh Val
ley Railroad, which handles the coal from
all but six collieries in the region. This
report shows that the shipments have
fallen off to less than two-thirds of the
; normal quantity during the past four
days.
PLANNING TO EMPLOY FORCE
Superintendents Will Make a Show
of Strength.
scranton, Pa., Sept. 20— The super
intendents of the Lackawanna, Delaware
and Hudson and Pennsylvania companies
and many of the individual operators held
a conference to-day for the final" consid
eration of plans to force the working of
some cf the mines at least. It Is an
nounced that the superintendents are now
ready to make a determined show of
strength against the- strikers. They In
tend to centralize men at certain collieries
and operate them under the protection of
the law if necessary. They have had hun
dreds of men made deputy sheriffs and
watchmen. Their confidential runners
have canvassed many of the miners and
laborers at their homes, and the opinion
is that an entering wedge Is almost ready
to be driven in the stronghold of the
strike, District No. 1, where there is to
day no change from the conditions of yes
terday.
The district executive board met at the
strikers' headquarters this afternoon to
deal with the effort of the big companies
to make a working stand, all the features
of which they -are informed of, and they
say they will be prepared to offset It.
There will also come before the board the
troublesome washery question. The Ox
ford, Bellevue and Diamond washeries
went to work this morning, as well as
three smaller ones.. The Lackawanna
Company has been successful in working
many of its foremen at the three places
named, the regular working force being
practically on strike. Two cf the minor
washeries, the Columbus and the An
thony, have made overtures for settle
ment, while the Gibbons drift is also said
to be ready to settle. These matters are
likely to be fully determined this after
noon, but the settlement will only be on
the advanced wages demanded for the
laborers, the strike leaders say.
One of the culm banks, the Bellevue,
was the scene of a tragic death to-day.
Father Logue commended the attiturf'?
of the Williamstown miners in a speech
at to-day's session of the State conven
tion of the Catholic Total Abstinence
Union, which la being held In the TV1I
liamstown church, of which he is rector.
He said the sentiment of the communlty
wa« againal a strike ard that - ttfr'nien
had used good judgment in refusing to
quit work.
Lykens Valley region, and there is no fear
of a clash between the strikers and lion
strikers.
ALTHOUGH THE LAW EXPRESSLY FORBIDS EMPLOYMENT OF WO
MEN IN THE COAL MINES. THERE ARE NUMBERS OF THEM WHO
LABOR IN THE WORKINGS. AS THE ABOVE PICTURE SHOWS.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Sept. 20.— The at
tempt of District Organizer Laugherty to
organize branches of the United Mine
workers at Tower City and Williamstown
has been a failure and the indications are
that the miners at' these daces will not
Join the strikers, of Lykens and Wicon
isco. Everything was quiet to-day In the
Tower City and Williamstown.
Failure to Organize Branches at
WHERE THE MEN YET WORK.
President Mitchell -telegraphs that the
outlook ' is very encouraging. Many re
cruits are being made- In the Lehlgh re
gion, and he Is proud of the unanimity
existing among the miners of the Wyom
ing region. He says if the same unity ex
isted in the other distrfcts of the anthra
cite region the operators would be face to
face with the crisis at once.
WILKKbtSARRE. Pa., Sept. 20.— The
first arrest in connection with the miners'
strike was made this afternoon when Jo
seph Begos, Hungarian of Nanticoke, was
committed to jail, charged on oath by
Alex Monsyock with pointing a revolver
and threatening to shoot him last night
while he was returning from work.
ing to Shoot a Miner.
FIRST ARREST IS MADE.
One Striker Charged With Threaten-
SCRANTON, Pa.. Sept. i0.— What 1?
very likely the movement the operators
are said to be considering as a means o*
striking back at the strikers Is the ex
panding of the Lackawanna Miners'
Union, an independent organization of
Delaware. Lackawanna and Western
miners, and the using of this body as a
lever to crystallize the anti-strike senti
ment- which the operators lirmly believe
obtains with a majority of the men In the
Lackawanna region. By the middle of
next week the operators figure the eondi
tionsln the lower district will be such as
to discourage the men in this section from
continuing on strike and they will be look
ing for some means to let go. By having
the Lackawanna Union in working order
the operators think tne anti-strike ele
ment will have a rallying Doint and that
when this element gets* together and see3
Us own strength It will not hesitate lon^
about doing what Its best judgment Will
dictate and this the operators are con
vinced will -be their return zo work. Th2
operators think that once there Is a break
the end will begin. /
OPERATORS TO STTtIKE BACK.
Union as a Lever.
Using the Lackawanna Miners'
During last night there was a slight
falling off in the codl shipments through
this city.,. but ,the. jjfflclal?---afre believe
that they can be kept up to the normal
quantity now that the mines working have
gone on full- time instead of three-quarter
time.
READING. Pa., Sept. M.— The aid of the
labor unions of the Schuylkill Vallev is
now being solicited to fight the Reading
Railroad in the effort to close the mines
in that territory. In this city some of the
unions, which have a membership of 4jOO,
have passed resolutions of boycott, and
the Pottsville and Harrisburg- unions are
sending word here of similar action.
National Organizer Dilcher. and other
workers from this region will go to the
Hazleton section on' Sunday In an en
deavor to complete the tie-up there and in
the Schuylkill district.
Frank Mangan was there gathering coal
along with a crowd of others, guddenly
some one shouted "The watchmen 'are
coming" and there was a hurry to get
away. The man was feeble from sickness
and in the excitement of the moment he
fell and died on the edge of the dump.
Heart failure was the cause.'
•TAKU. Sept. 13.— I have called upon
Li Hung Chang officially. Arrived Septem
ber IS In a merchant vessel. He will pro
ceed at once to Peking. He desires that
I tender his sincere thanks for tha con
sideration he has received from the
United States Government.
"RTrvrrav*
Appreciates Consideration He Has
WASHINGTON. Sept. 3).-A<Jmlral
Crowninshield. Chief of the Navigation
Bureau and acting Secretary of the Navy,
has received the following cablegram
from Admiral Rerney:
Rsceived From America.
EARL LI SENDS THANKS.
The American postal arrangements are
completed for Tientsin. Branch office-*
have been opened at the different points
where the United States troops are sta
tioned and the service will be carried as
soon as possible to Peking.
(Copyright. 1000, by the Associated Press.)
TIENTSIN. Sept. ID (via Shan&hal. Sept.
20.) — Two thousand six hundred Ger
mans left Tientsin to-day to join a force
forming In the neighborhood af Taku, al
ready composed of 4009 Russians, 1300 Ger
mans and other foreign troops, the in
tention being to attack the Peitang forts
to-morrow at daybreak.
sians Near Taku.
Germans Leave Tientsin to Join Rus-
"Killed to date— Rev. and Mrs. SImcox,
three children; Dr. and Mrs. Hodge. Dr.
Taylor. Rev. Mr. Pltkin. Misses Gould!
Morrill. at Paoting Fu; Misses Desmond.
Manchester, at Kuchau: Misses Rice,
Huston, at Lucheng; Rev. and Mrs.
Clapp, Rev. G. L. WillHms. Rev. Mr
Davis. Ml3ses Bird. Partridge, at Taku;
Rev. and Mrs. Atwater, four children.
Rev. and Mrs. Price, one child, at Fen
chow. Have mailed report."
LINING UP BEFORE ATTACK.
The State Department to-day received
the following telegram from Consul Gen
eral Goodnow at Shanghai:
"Yesterday again beseeched the Gov
ernor to ascertain the facts of Paotinfi
Fu; also fate of missionaries unaccountetf
for in Chili; also condition mission prop
erty west of Shantung. Now replies, ni
foreigners Paoting: Fu. Others escaped,
hiding places unknown. Impossible t!
ascertain whereabouts. Imperial edict,
ordering civil and military officials at
Chill to exterminaate Boxers, now is
sued. AH property intact, excepting
Lucheng Mission. American board"
which Is destroyed. Governor arrived,
rioters dismissed head ofilclal. From
other sources to-day learn Governor
issued orders throughout province to ex
terminate Boxers."
Many Unaccounted For and Addi
tional Names of the Slain
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2O.-The" Stat,
Department has received the following
telegram, dated September 18. from Con
sul Fowler, at Chefu:
As to the contents of thrse several com
munications the authorities are not will
ing to give a ny possible Intrntattons.
though as far as the German note Is con
cerned the belief Is almost general here
that the response of our Government will
amount to a declination to make the sur
render of the offending a condition pre
cedent to negotiations of any kind Con
cerning the Russian proposition for with
drawal, it i 3 stated officially that it
stands to-day the same as first presented
th^re having been r.o modifications what
ever on the part of Russia up to the pres
ent time.
FATE OF THE MISSIONARIES
There will be separate notes according
to the character of the communications
addressed to this Government-that is. the
recent German note wIU be answered by
a note and the memorandum of Inquiry
from Russia will be answered by a mem
orandum, while the French verbal In
quiry will receive a verbal response.
These various communications have ac
cumulated slowly, and an understanding
has now been reached by the administra
tion that there shall be a general clear
ance of the entire subject. This may be
expected either late to-morrow or early
the following day. It will clearly enunci
ate the programme of the United States
on the various questions presented.
tions be sent to Minister Conger to pro
ceed with peace negotiations at once. In
addition there is a verbal inquiry from
the French Government as to the pro
gramme of the United States.
Number of Notes Awaiting Answer
by the United States.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2O.-The status of
the Chinese situation at the close of the
day, according- to a high authority. Is as
follows: There are now before the De
partment of State a number of notes
awaiting answers. These Include the Ger
man note concerning the surrender of
Chinese ringleaders; the original Russian
proposition for the withdrawal of troops
from Peking 1 , which has not yet been act
ed upon as a a finality; a memorandum
from the Russian Government asking as
to the purposes of this Government, and
a request by Prince Chins that Instruc-
STATUS OF THE SITUATION.
SUSPICIOUS AS TO SUSSIA.
Desire Said to Be Only to Induce
Other Powers to Withdraw.
LONDON, Sep. 21. 4 a. m.— Such Peking
dispatches as appear this morning tena
to confirm the suspicions regarding the
attitude of Russia already expressed by
Dr. Morrison, the correspondent of thc-
Times at the Chinese capital. The Dally
News prints a telegram almost identical
with the advices to the Daily Express
from Peking-, but adding: that in the opin
ion of the correspondent the Russian.-*
only desire to induce the other powers to
withdraw.
The Morning Post's Peking representa
tive, wiring September 13. expresses th^
same opinion. He declares that M. do
Giers will not go unless the other Min
isters also go. The Russian legation, he
asserts, had prepared to go. TSut reversed
its intention pending further instructions.
This delay he thinks due In all probability
to the non-departure of the other lega
tions.
"General Chaffee." continues this cor
respondent, "has directed a distribution
of rice to the poor. This plan is a good
one. but its application is somewhat pre
mature. What is chiefly needed is surety
of trade so that necessities may be se
cured. •
"The American commander has ex
pressed his disapproval of further ex
peditions against the Boxers. The Inde
cision exhibited in this respect is shame
ful. No settlement Is possible until th<«
Boxers and their accomplices are van
quished. -Numerous, schemes are on foot
for catching the Boxer leaders, but the
task is very difficult, as they always keep
out of the way."
Dr. Morrison, wiring to the Times under
date of September 17, confirms the report
that M. de Giers has indefinitely post
poned his departure and announces that
a column of Americans started that day
to rescue Christians at Shu'nihslen, twen
ty-five miles northeast of Peking. He re
ports also that the British Hongkong regi
ment has left the capital and that the
Japanese have occupied Huangtsun. the
railway station next to Fengtal, where
they will immediately begin the recon
struction of the line in conjunction with
the British.
The news that Sir Claude Macdonald's
removal from Peking to Toklo was ar
ranged last April is commented upon by
some London papers as indicating that
the home authorities were dissatisfied
with his conduct of affairs.
BERLIN. Sept. CO.-The Politisch*
Correspondenz declares that Ger
many has demanded the extra
dition of the Empress Dowager
from China. The Tageblatt de
nies this. I learn that the truth is half
way between the two reports. Germany
deslres the accord of all the powers l.i
regard to those responsible for the out
rages and will then demand their delivery,
even if the Empress Dowager should be
among them. If the accord of all the
powers cannot be pained I learn that Ger
many will Insist upon her idea alone, or
with those powers who do consent.
It is rumored on trustworthy authority
in Shanghai, says a dispatch to the Lokal
Anzelger. that Germany will insist upon
the destruction of the Chinese coast de
fenses and the Yangtse forts as a con
dition of her entrance upon peace nego
tiations.
LONDON. Sept. 20.— The Peking corre
spondent of the Daily Express, wiring
September 12, asserts that the Russian
troops are' " not leaving.- British heasl
quarters. he adds, had been informed that
the Russians had left, but the statement
was untrue, the fact being that the Rus
sians have been reinforced and made a
claim for more extended quarters in
Peking.
HAZLETON*. Pa., Sept. 20.— Reports re
ceived at ctrflce headquarters this rnorn
ir.g contained good news to the idle an
thracite coal miners. Kirst came informa
tion of a break amorg the employes in the
L&ttimer mine, which was considered
en invulnerable spot. The number of men
who q-jit was Quite small, but the union
rr.en are satisfied 'that they will make
further inroads en the force there. The
<l\>!eraln colliery was shut down tight.
The Evans collier}- at Deaver Meadow
k also failed to start work. Both the Cole
rain and the Evans are operated by the
A- S. Van Wyckle Company.
A committee of the miners employed
at the Colerain mires called upon Super
intendent Myers this morning iind pre
sented the followir.gr demand'
"We the undersigned committee of Cole
rain do hereby ask for two weeks' pay
&nd 10 per cent incrt-ase on the dollar. 15
per cent on" on the keg: of powder and that
all men be raid for overtime work "
Superintendent Myers received the men
pleasantly ar.d told them they would re
ceive an answer in three day3.
A few more men went to work In the
Markel mines at Jeddo and Oakdale to
day than worked yesterday. The strikers
claim i he reason for this was that a re
port had sot into circulation that the men
who lived In the company houses and
tfwelt In the company stores would not
receive the pay that was due them If they
did not go to work. This, however, was
denied by both the son-union men and the
company.
Tcere was considerable excitement this
iaomir.gr at No. 40 shaft of the Lehlgh
Valley Coal Company, east of this city.
The ccal ar.d iron policemen had gene to
the houses in that locality and induced a
number cf breaker boys to go to, work. It
was charged. Strikers attempted to per
puade the boys to stay out, but retired
they insisted on working. On the
wy to the shaft half a dozen foreign
women surrouneJfd the policemen, and
tttJcir.s the dinner pails frcm the fright
«-r.»-o Loys threatened to strike the coal
and iron policemen. A mob of 300 persons
soon gathered and it looked as if the po
licemen would get the worst of it, but
they managed to escape the crowd with
out precipitating a fight. A few of the
boys went to the mines with the police
men, but most of them returned to their
homes.
The march to Colerain, which was ar
ranged for last night by the McAdoo men,
did not take place this morning, a tip hav-
Ir.g been received that Colerain would not
start to-day. The march of the strikers
from Freeland to Sandy, Run and Pond
Creek was "also abandoned. The union
men after a conference this morning: de
cided to organize the men at those places
and then ask them to quit. The mines at
Eckley and Sandy Run are Jn fuJl opera
tion this niornin? as usual, and the Mar
kle mine at Highland is operating with
about the came force as yesterday.
President Mitchell of the United Mine
workers returned to-day from Mahoney
¦ C!ty, where he addressed a meeting last
Mr.ight. He said that large pains had
been tsad« in the Schuylkill region and
that the outlook in the Hazelton district
continues to grow brighter. He denied
the report that he is going to the mlne-
EWEXHrNG STBXKEBS' HANKS.
Mere Miners H?ve Been Induced to
Quit Work.
— . — *
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 20.—"Every
thing c.uiet ar.d orderly" is the report that
rcrr.es from the strike region. A few more
mir.ewcrkers joln^u the strikers' ranks to-
Cay, but not many.
The temper of the mine owners on the
Question of arbitration as Indicated In in
terviews to-day is very much ag-air.st the
proposition. Nevertheless Father Phillips
cam* h<re from the Hazleton region to
r.ight ar.d !s with Archbishop Ryan in
consultation on the question very near
and dear to his heart— the quick settle
ment of the strike by arbitration or any
ether honorable meji~3. Protestant clergy
men In Hazleton have also taken up the
matter ar.d •will endeavor to bring about
a pettlement.
The coal scarcity Is more keenly felt to
day, ar.d although the Reading Company
is rrAr.ir.g and shipping its usual Quota of
anthracite dealers are finding It bard to
get as much as they need. The tonnage
< t the other great coal carrying compa
nies is gradually diminishing 1 , however.
In the natural order of things unless
the strike Is settled will soon cease alto
pt-ther from some districts.
Somewhat vag-ue reports are coming in
r.f preparation on the part of the Sheriffs
and coal compares for a possible clash
with the reckless element among the
striker*. N'early everybody believes that
trouble must corne. y*-t there has been no
sign of an outbreak and the men appear
to be well handled by their leaders.
«. 1 —
Preparations for
the Possible
Clash*
For Arbitration or
Any Honorable
Means*
Protestants and
Catholics Join
in Attempt
MEN OF THE CHURCH ENDEAVORING
TO SECURE THE QUICK SETTLEMENT
OF THE STRIKE OF COAL MINERS
LONDON, Sept 21,4 a. m. — The Tientsin correspondent
of the Daily Mail, referring to the attack on the Peitang and Lu
tai forts, already captured by the allies after heavy losses, ac
cording to advices received at Berlin, says: 'The surrender of
the forts was demanded at 2 o'clock on Tuesday, with the threat
of immediate attack by the Germans and Russians in the event
of refusal."
BERLIN, Sept. 2O.-^-The Lokal Anzeiger's Shanghai cor
respondent cables that the allies to-day capture.d the Peitang
and Lutai forts with great losses.
TAKU, Sept. 20. — The allies attacked the Peitang forts at
davbreak.
Germans and Russians the Leaders in the
Latest Hostilities, and the Losses
Are Very Heavy.
Allies Make a Fierce Attack Fol
lowing Their Demand for
Immediate Surrender*
CAPTURE THE
PEITANG AND
LUTAI FORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Stops, the. Cough.
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul
nine .Tablet? cure a cold-ln one'day. JCo cure,
wo -pay. "Price 25-cejitsl:-^" •.." ' " ¦ ' " ' ". •
EMMA ABBOTT'S FATHER
HELD FOR INSANITY
CHICAGO, Sept. 20.— Seth Abbott, father
of tho late Emma Abbott, the singer, is
at the Detention Hospital. He was ar
rested at Lowell, Mass., several days ago
because of his queer conduct. Frederick
Abbott, son pf the old man, and who lives
in this city, brought his father here from
Lowell.. When Mr. Abbott "reached Chi
cago he was violent and it was found, nec
essary to. take him to-, the Detention Hos
pital. He will be taken befdre the' County
Court to-morrow and given a special "trial
as.to his sanity. ' : >r : - .-:.>>;.'.
UPON A MUSTACHE
HANGS HOWARD'S FATE
Peculiar Point Involved in the Iden
tification of the Suspected
Murderer.
FRANKFORT. Ky.\ Sept. 2n._Did Jin.
Howard have a mustache on January SO?
On that question in a great measure
depends his liberty, perhaps his life The
witnesses for .the defense, including the
defendant himself, all state that on Jan
uary 29 and days before his face was
clean shaven. Bowman Gaines, Ben
P, ak r-, ai YM amos R Dailey. who have
identified Howard as the man they saw
on January 30. swear that he had a
"There goes Jim Howard, clean shaven
and better dressed than ary man in
town; if he keeps on that way we will
never be able to prove that he is a fool "
According to this testimony to-day. ex-
State Senator Kd Parker made that re
mark In Jxmdon on January 23, where he
paw Howard. on the streets.
Parker explained that the reason ha
had tald this was that Howard was then
at London to appear for trial for the mur
der of George Bauer and his plea was to
be Insanity.
The defense is resting its case on the
alibi claimed for Howard and Is not pav
ing any attention to . the claim of th»
prosecution that the Phot came from tho
Secretary of State's office and other col
lateral matters, which figured largely in
the trial of Caleb Powers. ""^tiy in
FORTY PERSONS DROWNED
FROM STEAMER CHARKIEH
Further Details Given of the Loss of
the Egyptian Mail
Ship.
. LONDON, Sept. 20.— A "dispatch from
Athens to Lloyd's giving further details
p£ the disaster- to the.. Egyptian mall
eteamer Charkieh. now- ashore on .the
island of Andres, one .of the' Cycladea.
says, that -forty ¦of the passengers and
crew were drowned.. ,
-DEWEY SPEAKS ANENT
THE HOBSON INTERVIEW
Assumes a Patronizing Air and Says
He Believes the "Young Man
Meant Nothing Unkind."
NEW YORK. Ropt. 2u.— Admiral Dewoy.
t ho Is Ftoppinp at Sayvillc. I>. I., talked
to-<iav of the Hobpon Interview, saying:
"I hardly think the young man meant to
pay anything unkind, and perhaps he did
not say what is said thf>re. The three
VMWto ho referred to are the Isl.-i. de
Cuba, Isla >1<* Luzon and Don Juan de
Austria. .They wrre the least injured of
the ten or twelve ship* sunk at Manila.
>Caval Constructor Oapps, a very able
man, was with me and he and diver? and
i-ipcrts from Honpkonpr made an exami
nation of all th<* Spanish phips and de
rided that the?e thr^e were worth sav
j nc — three out of a dozen. They wore
laisf-d and temporary repairs were made
nt «_"avite. The vessels proceeded under
ihrir own Ftoam to Hongkong and had
been there for some time, undergoing re
pairs, before Hobson paw them.
••As a master of fact I never claimed
ihat xve sunk the ships. I reported that
we destroyed them. I did see with my
own eyes an eljrht-Inch shell strike the
si cm *of the Reina Christina. Admiral
>!ontejo's flagship, and that destroyed
' •'The statement that the vessels were not
much injured below the water line was
i.mbably true. Every one knows that it
is Impossible for shells to do much exe
cution below the water line, or anything
but torpedoes to do much damage there.
A few inches of water is a great protec
tion. Armored ships are not armored
much below the water line, the water be
i:;g protection enough from a shell.
"I hardly think it worth our while to
pay much attention to this. You know it
is "human nature to deprecate what oth
ers have done, and Mr. Hobson may not
Jiave been quoted correctly or in full."
. Cash Sloan Wins.
PARIS.' Sept. 20.— At Maisons L.afltte
je*=tprday Cash Sloan, the "American
jockey* won rhe Prix de Salluets, 3000
francs, over a courp«» of 12M metres. oaM,
J. d> Eremond"e Crane's Bill..
&he Day's £>ead
James Clark.
PETALU5IA, Sept. a).— James Clark, a
pioneer and one of the oldest and best
known citizens of this county, died at his
home in the Sonoma mountains this
morninp. He came to California in 1840
and almost immediately settled in the So
noma mountains, where he has since re
sided. The hospitality of the Clark ranch
is widely known, and the mineral spring
located there has made It. a sort of a re
sort where many people from the metro
polis go each summer for recreation.
William "W. Kennedy.
CHICAGO. Sept. 20.— William W. Ken
nedy, who was Chief of Police of Chicago
during the days of the big fire and for
several years prior to that time, was
found dead in his bed tp-nicrht of heart
disease, aged 75 years.
Eev. Henry Cooke.
Special Dispatch to, The Call
SEATTLE, Sept. 20.— Rev. Henry Cooke,
father of Jack Cooke, the boy preacher,
died here to-day.
Red Cross Subscriptions.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2O.-The> Red Cross
Society reports the followim? donations
to tha Galveston fund: Already reported.
$191 <i>: new subscriptions. M. Toun*. $V
B. R. Banning. $5; Mrs. C. H. Banning.
IS; Garrett & Tagjrart, to; H. C. Taft, J5:
Mrs. ir. R. Taylor. $1; Mr3. Archie. Bor
land, Jo: a friend. 25 cents; & friend. f.r>
cents; a donor. 50 c«nts: Mias Annie Lone.
50 cents; Mrs. R. Veltch, $5; Kahn
Bros., $10.
OGDKN'. Utah, Sept. 20.— Governor
Rooycvclt limited the number of his
speeches to-day to five, Inchidinp the night
meeting at this place. The special train
left Pocatello at fi o'clock-- this morninR
nnd arrived at Ogden at 6 o'clock in the
evening, where a Ptop was made for the
night. .
At JyOf?an the first stop of the day was
made, and there-, the meeting- was held In
the Mormon Tabernacle, a mile from the
station. Mrs. J. Ellen Foster made the
opening address. Introducing Governor
Roosevelt. The local hand played "Amer
ica" and Mr?. Foster called the attention
of the. auoience to the fact that this was
also the national air of England, "God
Save the Queen," and it was significant,
ns< it miRht he inferred that England and
th« United States with one national an
them and one destiny v.ould one day dom
inate the world. Many women were -in
the, tabernacle, and as they are voters
here to them Mrs. Foster made a special
appeal. She faid in part:
I am h»re on thin fcreat occasion only for a
moment and I speak to you because I ani sent
h» r 4 by the RepublW-an National Committee
to do what I can to Induce the, voters of Utah
and those of you in this State who are, women
as well as men to stand, in this next election,
for the doctrines which ar«» taught by the Re
publican party and which have been incor
porated into the legislation of that party ne
cf,u?e the legislation of tha t party has been
rnnstrvctlvo legislation which has made the
country what It is to-day. I am not here to
sr^ak to you of doctrines and principles, I am
only here to congratulate, you upon the pleas
ure in store for you this morning.
The tabernacle was. well filled and Gov
ernor Roosevelt spoke in part as follows:
I am more Blad than I can well express to
hav« an opportunity of speaking to you. tho
men and women or the sons and daughters of
tho men and women who stretched out into
this land and conquered the wilderness for the
nation. 1 come to speak to you on party is
f>ue« a~d upon issues that are far more than
party. I appeal not merely to Republicans, but
I appeal to every man and woman proud of the
country's past and confident of the country s
future" and who is resolved to attain that fu
ture and to stand by- the country now. I
would dialling" th* right, of any of .you n«r«
to be a better Westerner than I am. It has
nrver Wen my fortune before to pet into your
wonderful State, but Idaho, Montana and the
Dakotas I knew well for years. I have worked
with the people: I saw them close up. I knew
what thoy could do. what th*-y were capable of.
8nd because I know the \\ est I feel that I
know this country. I feel that I know tho
Amerkan people. I feel sure that when our
Pf ople have once started to do a piece of work
that they will s-e it through without fail. This
morning! through my good fortune. I havo
been able to drive about your beautiful town
and to travel through your wonderful arid
b.autiful valley. More and more, as I look at
it as I- see what you and your forefathers have
done more and more has it made me feel
proud as an American. tk> think what you. my
fellow- Americans, have done. More and more
I feel confident as to what we can yet do. We
are not a. worn out race, content to rest on
tho memory of what has been done- by thos<»
who have gone before us. We are not a. people
who have to take refuge in pride of ancestry,
and admit that we of this day are not able
to do deeds ourselves. On the contrary, while
w«- take tho greatest pride in the deeds of the
men who went before us. I feel that the very
fact that those, deeds were done must spur us
on to do deeds also.
It i* a great thing to have material preat-
Tiess- it is a great thing to be able to point
to the hardships, sacrifices and brutality nec
essary to develop the resources of a great
country hut there is something that lies back
of and eyen above material development. It
is a greater thing to have the men and women
themselves. I admire the way you have come
into the wilderness and have made it blossom
like the rose. I admire what you have done,
here In building up the country— th« farms,
ranches and the cities you have built. I like
to look at your crops and to look at the output
of '-our mines and everything c-lse that you
have here, but what I think you have th»;
most cause to be proud of are your children.
I hell we with all my soul in the old doctrine
that blessed are they who build for the future;
who bring up citizens to rule the land; citizens
to si-read our name and our blood and our
principles throughout the .world's universal
srace. to make the name of America supreme
in this continent as the elder among you did.
and who now go forth In the face of the world
to make our country in the century that Is to
come stand toward the Old ¦ World a« it has
stood toward this continent. In the century
that is closlrz.
Each generation has its allotted taak ami
as we do that task so do we or do we not
leave a heritage of ihonor to those who com»
after us. Now. why are we here to-day?
Why am I able to speak to* you? Because
your fathers were not- timid weaklings:-be
cause the men and women of the middle 1 of
the nineteenth century came out Into this
Western country, driving their white-topped
prairie schooners with the Flow ox teams or
mules or horses, the men walkins beside th?
wagon. Bftt you have all seen the women and
the smaller children in the wagon and the
larger tow-headed lot walking alongside -and
the big boys driving the cattle. But you know
it all. .You came out, here, with your; cattle
and household goods .to make homes and build
up - great commonwealths. . In the .words of
I^owell.' to -pitch -new-Btates -a.s- the -old- w-briJ
men pitched tents. Now how did you' do It?
Did you do It by seeking to-bave 'an easy
time, by making", up. your. minds. If. you- oam.'v
to. any ¦difficulties you* would « shirk 'them •an*
the standpoint of a business man I am going
to Bound the note of alarm and warn you all
that this is your campaign.
The Congress of the United States passed a
currency bill and it was the intention on the
part of members of both houses of Congress
that they ehould settle this question. But the
Drnocratlc-Populistic-Soclalistle. party has
taken an appeal and they are poln* to have a
new trial. They have retained some other
lawyers in the cause. From this rostrum I
heard one of the most eloquent speechps In 1SJ6
delivered by Carl Schurz. They have got him.
They have got Bourke Cockran. They have
pot a few others that were with us in 1*96 to
plead their cause before the people under the
flimsy Rulse of imperialism. What has that
got to d« with finance? Now, my friends, look
ing into the faces of the people that I see be
fore mo. I feel more confident than ever that
they have got <o learn some other excuse to
Ket away from the issue which the people have
settled in their own minds for themselves.
Th»r« is not much in this question that ap
peals to the patriotism of the American people.
The wnr with Spain was not brought on en
tirely by the Republican party. The people ot
the United States rose in their Indignation at
the horrors committed in Cuba, and by the.
sheer force of their will, through their Repre
sentatives in Congress and the executive of
the nation, they demanded that those atrocities
should cease. There was no division of senti
ment when that question came before the peo
ple for settlement. . As a consequence of that
war the archipelago of the Philippines came
into our lianda. You know who raised the flag
there, nnd you will know who pulb it down, if
anybody dares.
Returns to Lincoln Prior to Starting
BRYAN IS AT HOME.
on Another Tour.
LINCOLN. Nobr., Sept. 20.— "vV'. J. Bryan
spent the greater part of the day. In going
through correspondence which has accu
mulated during his absence. He also re
ceived a.largo number of callers. The only
formal event of the day, was a visit from
a committee of twenty-five members of
the Bryan Bimetallic Club of this (Lan
caster* county, who called to assure him
of their support.
Mr. Bryan has fixed th*» date for de
parture on his next tour for next Wednes
day. He will speak "Wednesday night at
Nehra.ska City. Nebr.. and then proceed
northward to South Dakota, making sev
eral speeches en route.
Declines the Nomination.
DAX/LAS, Tex., Sept. 20.— Judge X. K.
Homan of Dallas has declined the Prohi
bition nomination for Governor. Personal
Interests are given as the reason.
s<»e if you could nof get something softer than
the reward that Is to be got In the end. Is
that the way the AA'est has been built up'.'
No, It is not. Th»> AAest has be?n built by
the m»n and women who have been willing Id
face the rougtv*rials involved In the situation
and to, overcome them. The West has r>en
built up by men who believed in expansion;
men who were Indeed expansionists.
We have neve* ! had a movement for ex
pansion in this, country., where th*r«» were not
a lar»tp number cf excellent people who held
up their hand* in horror and predicted th«
death of the country. -RlRht after th« revo
lutionary war pome people of the seaboard
Atlantic £wites objected strongly to taking In
the Ohio Valley. One of the foremost states
men of my own State predicted what would
happen If the white' savaices" were going to
take po68?Fslon of the Ohio A'alley when un
der the control of the national government.
I. a New Yorker, am now running on a ticket
that has at its head a representative of one
of th«s States which that pxcellent New York
gentleman thought would be peopled by white
savages— Ohio.
TI)* n we camp to the Mississippi, and a lot of
«xcMlent reople said it meant ruin to the
land end thi> dissolution of the Government If
wo ftretchod over th» Mississippi. When Presi
dent Jpfferson In lSf>3 acfjulrfd by treaty and
purchase the land beyond the Mississippi, all
that region beyond tho Rocky Mountains, he
acquired it just exactly as President McKinley
soauired tlir: Philippines, and then a number of
excellent tfentlrmpn said that meant th<- flnnl
ruin 01 the country. A Senator from Colonel
Guild's own State of Massachusetts paid that
If th 1 ? worst should come to pass and >»<? should
ever have States erected beyond the Mississippi
no msn could ima^lnf* the horror that
would come and the confusion that would fol
li/w whf-n we saw Senators and Representatives
from the banks of the Missouri and the Red
rivers. Now the Missouri and the Red JRiver
countries are rretty -well in the Ka*t. That
was In 1R11. . You will find the speech In the
Congressional Globe of that day, but we went
on. Then cftme the Mexican war. an«l any num
ber cf people f-ald that if we stretched on to
the Pacific, of course, our country would
come to an end. The Idea of taking In what
are now the States of Idaho. Oregon and Cali
fornia was sufficient to make them despair of
their country. I have Just passed through
Idaho, of which as great a' man as D'anlel
Webster said that the land was only fit for
cactus and jackrabhits. We see what it is to
day. For the last forty years, throush a com
bination of events, the Democratic party has
been forced into a position of the party that
hung back. AVe have to take it fllonpr. You
»e» It Is In the same nation and It has to
con*. Kach time it has got forward it has found
it was not nearly as badly off as it expected
to he. Six or seven years ago Hawaii under
President Harrison wished to b» annexed to the
American nation and the American flag was
hoisted. Then came in President Cleveland,
with a Democratic administration, and. to use
their own language, they hauled down the flag.
AVe have hoisted it again since, gentlemen, and
for keeps this time. The Democrats in justi
fying in Congress the action of the President
used precisely the arguments they have used
against our keeping the Philippines at the
present moment. In the first place they ob
jected because, being a republic, we were not
fitted to do the work that other great nations
dp; that we are not fitted to do what empires
and kingdoms can do; that wo could not.ven
'ture outside- the limits of the continent. In
the next place to bring in the islands would be
in bring In an oligarchy. . .
At Brlgham : City an open air meeting
was held and the epeakinc was done from
the handstand In the center of the village,
a mile from the station. Speeches were
made by John Henry Smith and Governor
Roosevelt. In concluding his remarks
here Governor Roosevelt said:
I ask you to support the man whom we have
nominated because the promises we have made
have squared with our performances: because
the prophecies o£ evil to which our opponems
have given utterance have been absolutely fal
sified by the events; because you desire the
maintaining of the material conditions which
ba\*e so well secured our well-being In the
paxt four years, and above and beyond all for
the sake of the destiny of the greatest republic
upon which the sun has ever shown; for the
sake of proving at the beginning of a new cen
tury that America intends to be what Bhe
boasts Hhe is. the leader arnonp: the peoples of
mankind, and that the nations, of the world
shall know that we take no backward step.
HANNA REPLIES TO BRYAN.
Says That He Is Going to Tell the
Truth and Sound the Alarm.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20.— Senator Hanna de
livered an address to-night to an immense
audience of German -American Republi
cans at Central Music Hall. Senator Han
na'a speech dealt principally with the
prosperity of the country under Republi
can rule and the danger that he charged
would follow the election of Mr. Bryan.
He referred to the defection of • Carl
Schurz and Bourke Cockran, saying that
they had forgotten the financial question
and were urging their cause "under the
flimsy guise of Imperialism."
With reference to Mr. Bryan's refusal
to engage in a joint debate with him, the
Senator said:
Mr. 'Bryan says that he would. not discuss a
public nuestlonor a political question with me
because 1 am too small potatoes. .But he /will
have to discuBs-'them with me, it does . not
make any, difference . whether -from 'the enme
rostrum or • not, , because • Just .' as soften-- as -I
come before -an -audience of the .American'peo
lie-I -am' going to -tell- them- the truth. 'an* front
Roosevelt Explains Why This Country Has Grown
and Urges Republican Support.
HISTORY OF AMERICA
IS ONE OF EXPANSION
—Harper's Weekly.
ANOTHER PARAMOUNT ISSUE.
GALVESTOX. Tex., Sept. 20.— This ,
evening Mayor Jones proclaimed that
martial law would cease at noon to-mor
row and the civil authorities would as
sume direction of municipal affairs. This
was done at the suggestion of General
Scurry, who expressed the belief that con
ditions had reached such a stage that the
civil authorities were able to cope with
the situation. This, however, does not
mean the immediate withdrawal of the
military. They are to co-operate with the
city officials in the enforcement of order
and will continue on duty as a part of the
government. Since martial law has pre
, vailed In Galveston good order has re- !
suited. It was feared in some quarters
, that when it became known that the mili
tia had given way to civil authoritv the
looting and robbery which began after the
storm and continued until the declaration .
of martial law might recommence. The ;
military forces will be used as a check j
on this character of crime, however, and
will in all probability remain here for the
next twenty days. The shooting of ne
groes by military men for looting has
had a most salutary effect and has in a 1
measure terrorized the offenders; still
', there are cases of robbery reported daily,
which are being dealt with severely.
Labor in Galveston Is at a premium.
There Is not an Idle man In the city.
Regardless of station or position, a man
must work. The merchant and his e'erk
are working side by side along with the
man who has known nothing but hard
work since the time of his childhood, it
is a cosmopolitan force now at work on
the city avenues. White men and black
working in gangs under one head Is a
daily scene. It is all done for the good
of Galveston. The health of the living
must be preserved at any cost. The city
must be cleaned and the dead burned that
the survivors may continue to live, u .is
imperative that .the wreckage about the
city be cleared immediately. The stench
arising from the bodies beneath the ruma
Is becoming unbearable. „,„«,„
To-day warrants were issued to impress
every able-bodied man for street-cleaning
service. Over 500 men were secuf^W -da>
under this order and fully 2000 men .are
engaged in the work. Still this force Is
not sufficient and more men must be se
cured. Men for this service are to be im
ported from the Interior of the State.
The prevailing method of <lls posing cr
the dead is cremation. As each corpse is
taken out it is thoroughly saturated with
coal oil and thrown into a blazing nre
This plan of Incineration has been entirely
successful and the bodies are quick y de
stroyed. Funeral pyres arc blazing
1 Capfain U Wiinam Hutchlns, superintend
ent of the Ninth United States UBht
house District, embracing ail stations on
the gulf coast, has received reports of
damage to stations in me district. The
Galveston station was wiped out and thi'
keeper's wife, Mrs. Hayes, and one of the
surfmen drowned. Other persons at the
station were saved. Two of the lifeboats
drifted to Hitchcock, fourteen miles north
of Galveston Island. ,
The Galveston station was valued a.
$15,000 and will be rebuilt. The San laits
life saving station was damaged to tho
extent of -about $1500. i-.ili
The churches of Galveston Buffered
preatly bv the hurricane. Sacred Heart
St Patrick's Catholic, the 1- Irs t Baptist
and tlic African Methodist churches are
total wrecks, while Trinity Cfcurcb.itb(i
First Presbyterian, the Swedish Church
and the Synagogue are partially ae
stroved. but it is possible that repairs may
make them serviceable. Not a church
edifice in the city escaped serious damage.
The inmates of the Protestant Orphans
Home will be transferred to tho Sealy
biiil.linc to-morrow, whore t*iey will tem
porarily reside their building having been
destroyed by the collapse oi the roof. A
large quantity of stores for the Red Crow
Society are being received at this build
ing. The Red Cross Society will look aftei
the littlo ones. «"*' i
S K. Barton, a nephew of Clara Barton
of the Red Cross Society, arrived here to
dav from New York. In an interview he
smigested the raising of a fund of from
$7 OOO '*v> to $15,000,000 to aid the people m
rebuilding their homes. An appeal of this
nature will bo made to the people of the
The largest loss of a single family by
tho flood is that of the Rattezaus. who
resided down the Island. Of a family of
fortv-flve forty-two were lost.
Bishop Gallagher of the Catholic church
has made the following report of the
losses estimated to have been sustained
by the church from the storm: Property
loss, J32ti.000: communicants, 1100; ten sis
ters of charity and eighty orphans.
MANY BODIES RECOVERED.
Two Hundred and Seventy-Three
Corpses Recovered by Searchers.
GALVESTON. Tex.. Sept.- 20.— Miss
Clara Barton has charge of all the nurses
in Galveston. In a quiet and unostenta
tious way she is doing untold good for
the sick, maimed and suffering.
It i3 definitely announced that the first
train will enter Galveston to-night. The
temporary bridge is two-thirds completed
and the remaining third will take only
twelve hours to build. "With the first
train commerce will begin to revive.
Tho needs of the homele?s are still
very great. The War Department has
done Incalculable service and the sanita
tion is being improved. Two hundred
and seventy-three dead were recovered
yesterday and it is now believed the ruins
in the West End contain lesa than .00
corpses. The end of the week will prob
ablv clear the city of nearly all corpses.
With next Saturday supplies will be de
nied to all men at work and earning
money. Food and clothing relief will bo
civen to only women and children an-1
men who are unable to work, until every
case of need is investigated.
SAN FRANCISCANS SAFE,
Former Residents of Tnia City Es-
caped Fury of the Hurricane.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HENDERSON. Tex.. Sept. 20.— The fam
ily of A. Pimstein, v/ho for a long time
were residents of San Francisco, but
who removed to Galveston and were there
during the storm, art- safe.
OUTSIDE COUNTIES ORGANIZE.
Reports to the State Committee Show
th.3 "Work Has Generally Started.
Thc State Relief Committee handled Jo63
yesterdny, most of which represents the
•work of four of the sub-committees ap
pointed to canvass the various trades.
Letters from Sacramento, Merced and
Stockton, were received, all announcing
that the work of receiving subscriptions
•was •well under -way In those counties,
and in each the work is in charge of some
competent organization.
Last evening 300 or more singers met In
Turner Hall, 323 Turk street, to rehearse
for the big concert to be given in Metro
politan Temple Monday evening. The
choruses all went oft with a vim and vigor
that promises well for the great evening
of song. There will be another rehearsal
Sunday afternoon, at 2 o'clock In Turner
Hall, 323 Turk street, the last one before
the concert. The choruses will be sung
under the direction of Professor Frled
rlchs. Professor Rleper and Professor
Holzhauer. Already the sale of seats au
gurs a great success.
A monster entertainment and dance in
aid of the Galveston sufferfrs was given at
Native Sons* Hall. Seventeenth, street,
near Valencia, last night. The entertain
ment, which consisted of a lengthy and
varied programme, called forth great ap
plause from the crowded house. .The af
fair was under the management of C. E.
Gunn and will net a neat sum for the suf
ferers' relief. Dancing followed the en
tertainment.
The offlcera, crew, marines and appren-
tlces from the naval training station on
Goat Island turned over to Mayor Phelan,
JUS 75 yesterday as their contribution to
the fund.
The following additional subscriptions
were reported to the California State Re
lief Committee:
By committee on real estate dealers:
O. D. Baldwin & Son $n no
Baldwin <fc Howell »«
Ma«ee &- Rons » •>
Kaston. Eldriiig? & Co -'• ••
Madison & Burke 2-"> •'"
Hovee. Toy & Scnntajr 25 P<>
McAfee Bros 25 U>
Hooker & Lent BH
G. H. Umbsen & Co :j «"
R M. Gunn l'M'n
William Sharp l ft 0"
Flinn, Sanderson & Co ' n "•*
Cash HI 0»
I .yon & Ho«? 10 f n
Boardman. Hooper & Co l rt 0"
J. W. Wright 5 00
KhalnwaUl. Buckbee & Co. (second
subscription, f2(i having previously
been given) 5 CO
Total |I33 eo
By committee on machinery, foundries and
iron works:
United Engineering Works |2"> no
Byron Jackson 15 (*>
Murch & Grey lrt (u»
The -Compressed Air Machinery Co 10 6t»
Total $50 00
By committee on Jewelers:
Par; Franclso Diamond House $ S no
Max Shirpser Jewelry Co » 00
Klgln Watch Co SCO
Carrau & Green in n»
Rothschild & Hadenreldt 1" ni.
!l. Brunn S (*">
Haskell & Muegge 5 Ci
W, B..GlIdden (Km:
W. K. Vondersllee Co MM
soil
Total J75 oi
By commutes on tailors* cloths and trlm
mitgs:
J. I'-aumearten & Co JM 00
C W. R Ford & Co 25 0<.
V. Ore*nb*rgr son
P. H. Gallagher & Co s no
Samuel Solomon i o«
Total m oo
By Bank of California.:
J. W. C. Maxwell J 5 C>
Anrpacher Bros 20 00
Total |2s oo
By Chairman Hellman:
Oolden Oate Compressed Teajjt Co R5 M
G. G. Klmball y oo
Total {30 00
Mayor Phelan reported:
Bullock * Jonea $ 23 CO
Officers, crew, marines and apprentice!
of general storekeeper's office. United
Statea Naval Training: Station 14$ 75
Total $173 75
Chamber of Commerce reported:
Montealerre A Co t;3 no
Everett T. Jones 6<j 00
Total J75 0.)
Total receipts of yesterday m 73
Previously acknowledged 13,172 91
Tctal to dat* $22,9S7 68
Are Imperative.
So Many Bodies Yet Remain Uncovered
That to Save the Living Harsh Steps
Warrants Served Forcing All Abie-Bodied
Males to Aid in the Herculean
lasK.
CITIZENS IMPRESSED
TO CLEAN GALVESTON
rmvince <I^uion). same conditions obtain. This
activity has been anticipated and reported
I'lon in !ett<*i> August 25 ¦• • • and cable
Aupust St. September 16 David D. Mitchell
(captain Fifteenth Infantry), ninety men Com-
I any I... Fifteenth Infantry, from Siloan, La
puna province, attacked insurgent General
«'allle«. who had ¥00 men fn position at Mavi-
Iac, same province. Desperate fight ensued,
which was pushed from the front with greBt
pertinacity bjr Mitchell across causeway and
through water waist deep. Attack . under
tleorge Cooke, captain, with forty men Com
pany K, Fifteenth Infantry, and ten men Oom
rany D. Thirty-ninth Volunteer Infantry, could
r.ot reach enemy's position because of high
v attr in arm of lake, .which could not be
CTOeMd; entire country was afloat in conse
quence of recent rains; this very much im
peded offensive action.
Atef an hour and twenty minutes of fighting
command withdrew to Sinaloa. L'non renewal
i i>eratior.s lSth found that insurgents hail es
caped from JIavilac previous nlsht. most of
them no doubt poing back Into contiguous bar
rios to disaj>i>ear for time being or until called
into field again as peaceful amlgos. Casual
ties, which all occurred in Mitchell's command,
ti nsistlng of 100 men, four officers, were:
Contrary I* Fifteenth Infantry, killed and
died of wounds — ('Bpta'-n David D. Mitchell.
Feconci Lieutenant -George A. Cooper, First
Pfrgfant William Fltngernld. Sergeant I'vei
moncl de Hart, Corporal l^aurits Jensen, Prl- ]
vatr.a lvlwar.1 C, Coburn, OforK» R. Ilarton.
Thomas P. Kellv, Thomas Mulrey. John V.
I>rir.k. William U Ranker. Arthur S. Mnnsfleld.
Thomas I. Pltrh»r. .Scott U Smith. Richard '
Taylor. Jviw.-ird M. Neil. Fred IMipgan, Eman-.'
ml Kaufman. Wounded — <*orpcrals Charles
Osw.al.1. William H. Polley. Privates Benjamin
Dwens. Michael Kelljr. Otto F. H. I'.athe. Kvcr
ctte Matlack. Francis P. Flanagan, Michael J.
Ilenneasy, Anthony Kearney, Harry I'erry,
l"har!es R. Debnugh. ;
Ompany I>. Thirty-seventh Volunteer Infan- j
try. killed and died of woiinds— Sergeant j
Thomas P. A. Howe, Privates I'M ward J. Go- j
dahl. George Halght. Kdward Ptallcup. Alfred I
.1. Mueller, J. <". West." Wounded— Taptain j
.Tohn 1Z. Moran Sertreant Robert Mahaffy. Cor
poral Frank A Story, Privates Frank T. Bell. I
AViijiam S. Hradley. Worley T. Crosswhite, I
David Day, Cornelius F. Gentry. ¦
Thirty-three per e«>nt is profoundly Impressive i
loaa pnd Indicates stubbornness of ficht. foar
lfss leadership of officers and splendid respons"
of men. Insurgprit loss, as far as known, ten
killed, twenty wounded, among former Colonel
Fidel. MACARTHUR.
CORRECTKD LIST.
Further Details of the Severe Fight
ing Had at Siniloan.
MANILA, Sept. 20.— A corrected list of
the casualties sustained by the American
soldiers Monday last In the engagement
nt Siniloan. situated at the oast end of
Twipuna de Bay, between the force of, 10<V)
Filipinos and detachments of the Fif
teenth nnd Thirty-seventh I'nited States
Infantry regiments, show that twenty
four mVn are dead, including two who
have died from the effects of their wounds
Fince the fighting, and the miss-ing. ;md
that nineteen are wounded, including
Captain John E. Morgan of Company 1>
of the Thirty-seventh Regiment. The total
number of Americans engaged Is now an
nounced as 134. The enemy's casualties
hqvp not lippn rennrtod
INSURGENTS HOPEFUL
OF BRYAN'S SELECTION
Resumption of Activity by Followers
of Aguinaldo Due to the Im
pending Elections.
Desperate Attack by Captain Mitchell
Routs the Enemy, but With a
Terrible Loss.
» . . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VAIA. BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Sept. 20.— The dis
«;uict!rig feature of the cablegram received
from tJeneral MaoArthur to-day, when
compared with the report of the Taft
commission, lies not so much in the re
port of the engagement at Mavitac in the
province of I.»aguna. which comes within
the territory where the commission re
j'.irtcd activity among the insurgents, as
in the indications that Aguir.aldo'a fol
lowers have resumed activity in Northern
Luzon. Ilocan provinces are included in
that part of the island which the com
mission reported practically tree from in
surgents and yet conditions there have
l.ptome so disturbed as to lead General
MacArthur to send to General Young an
r.dditional squadron of cavalry and an ad
ditional battalion of infantry.
<"ar!g a.nd Estella, in Isabella province.
are in a mountainous count rv. from which
It is difficult to dislodjre insurgent bands..
Mav'iac. where Captain Mitchell's com
pany had such a disastrous encounter
with the insurgents, is on the northwest
ern arm of Lagur.a de Bay. a great lake
which almost bisects the island of Luzon,
i'jst west cf Manila.
Not only the officials of the administra
tion, but army officers on duty in Wash
ington who are supposed to be unin
fluenced by partisan politics, express the
opinion that the present activity of the
insurgents i? due to the political agitation
in this country and to the hope that if
they can hold out until ISryan has been
« lected President the I'nited States will
*1 andon the attempt to subdue them.
It will b« the policy of the administra
ticn to push active military operations
against the insurgents witn ihe grcate.-t
I'ossihlo vigor from now on until about
J>ec«Tnhpr 1. when the withdrawal of th^
volunteer forces must begin.' The rainy
pea.-on is not yet over, but the weather
conditions will gradually become more
favorable for campaigning from now on
Until the latter part of October, when the
hard rains will be over.
Appended is the dispatch referred to
above, received from General MacArthur
end which confirms the report cabled
fmm Manila, concerning the activity of
the inpurprents. The blank spaces are
v-irris which could not be deciphered:
MANILA. Fcpt. 1?.— Adjutant General. U'ufa
ir-run: <"->neidPrabI<» activity throughout L.U
5" n. Fiphtinc reported In the \-jrinity of Carif?
(¦nd H^tflia. I.«af>eila provinc. Insurppnts pf
tim«to<i :."•. pnbmtoty much exaecrafd, hut in
FCffirlrat fore* to make • • • in district
htretotOR quiet. In the Ilocan provinces Sani
i;i ! B. M Younsr. hrieadior pencral. reports nu
r-«rou». i>mall affairs and has oallp.i so em
j hatically fr>r more force that Klnc^liury's
f'4ua<3ron. Thiri Cavalry, and Bordea'a bat
tn'im. Fifth Infartr>'. have hern f-ent him:
<ib(r ba*ta!i"n Fame <5<*Ftination. u;x>n arrivwl.
«>ui:tr>' n<-.rth of PaFiit. in^luditifr all of Hula
if.n. ;« \pr>' niarh difturlwd and numerous
< • niacts nith f:nall partif* thrnurliou: that
d^-trtrt. fiuth of Past*, including Tayabas
FRENCH ARMY REVIEWED
BY PRESIDENT LOUBET
CHA.RTREP. Franrp. pppt. 20.— "Hip
p-ard maaeureri of ih° French army
r.-pre ciT,cHided this rn^rninff with the
Prerf6entbU review- Th<» whoi<» body of
troops nijmbpr*"-d 87,000 men. Th«* review
t f-x-.k place on a plain five mil?? from here.
Mi 'mmense concoiirse of spectators was
j>r<-..-«-nt.
Prf-Fident I.«nurw»t arrived from Ram
bouUtet at 9 o'clock and was received by
the Minister of War. General Andr*. A
Fs'ufp of ]"l puns was tired. The Presi
5fnt f-rtpr^d a laridMii drawn by Fix artil-
Ury rtorpps and drove alonp tho front of
the troops, f>scrTt<-'i by culrasrierR, the
<nmmander-in-rhief. General Brugere,
ridinjr h*»^idf> his farr\y^c. As thp Prppi
<1* nt i»a.ss*»d the flags and stands were
lowrrpd. the officers saluted with their
EWOfdfl. drums heat and trumpets sound
ed. At thp conclusion of thp drivp thp
••Marseillaise" wsj played by maspp.l
bands. Pr^sidpnt L,otibct. then conversed
Individually arftb the foreign attaches and
eftprward oistributPil decorations to a
number <-.f nffWrs. aftT which he took a
fpat on the grand stand. Ftirroundfl by
his Cabinet] General Brugere and the
general staff officers stationed themselves
In front of the tribune, and at a given
*;enal the march past hfjean at 9:<SL Bri
f:adp nftpr brigade of Infantry and artll
ery rolled by and the cavalry followed.
J,atrr the whole mass of artillery ad
vanced tcgether. unlimber*--d and fired a
palvo of honor with a deafening crash.
Grand Demonstration Takes Place Near
the Suburbs of Chartres.
I Tr>*» entire Hghty squadrons of cavalry
then trotted into place, the artillery fac
inrr ihe tribune. G^noral Brugf>r»>, with
G^n^ral N>Kri<>r on his ripht hand and
j General Tanrhot on his loft, took up a
; po=itif>n in trip rrnter of th«» lonp lino and
j lf-d a grand charge to the foot of th« trib
! un*>. thus ending th^ procpr-rllncs.
A lunch wa« pivfn to th<» ccn^r^Is by tlip
PreFifjpnt aft*r the reviow. During th<»
criurFf of Fpfpohmakinc • Jon^ral Andre
f-ulnfflz^d the behavior of th<» troop?.
tharkpd President Ixiuhrt for the interest
he had takfti in the army and dwelt upon
i Ihp regularity and precision with which
I tho provlsioninc of thf» pr^at army, which
j was ol^r of the preat^Pt te.«t<« of the ma
i neuvers. had been carried out. He ron
i rinded with remarking:
"I am proud to ff>H mypplf justified in
proclaiming before you thnt the army you
have just r<rtiewf-d is solid, well trained.
well equipped and ripe for success, and
j one on whose value the country can abso
| lutcly rfi.v."
Rpplrlnj? to C!«?npral An<ir«>. "-President
j J,oub<M bePtow^d the highest praise on
: lh<» army, saying it had proved that
i France might have implicit confidence in
I it. ThPii. raising his v«ic*». thf President
s=a_i«1 slfrnifionnsly: "Its repppet for the in
| Btitutipna and laws of the country domon
; strates highly how vnin are thf> attempts
¦ ma^p to separate them from thp demoo-
I racy. Thp solicitude of the chiefs for tho
j troops and the fnnfidfncp of tho troops
! in th»»ir chiefs assure the army's strength
and are guarantees that the honor and in
terests of France are well guarded and
that the rnaintpnance of peace Is more
certain than ever."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1900.
2
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Itnag Assertions m to Jvnt What
tlie Remedies Will Do.
' ,j^7*^Sr Mnsyon puraatt^t
JS5sXft*C*v. IJia: hl« Rb»um.itl»in
'./SSii&aXwSRMi Curs will cur* nearly
JJSjBEW K tgyS sll cases of tbeiuna-
«^J** 7ll » i "*!j«C5l tlsm in n feiv hours;
By fV*i tilat b!s PyP'Psla Cure
fK w$M w1J1 cure Indigestion and
*S 1 -JI£ISa» all stomach troubles:
W3 ffSSS^rv^ tiat hl» Kidney Cur»
\' "F' 'fc&.T cure 0O per c<>nr.
V. / fV.,-10 *t «11 cues of kldn«»T
\ /T?£/7 trouble: that hi» Co".
&L m * r •Bjz^LV tarrh Cnr» will cafe
_in^»*-_ {Bull- e«tarrb no matter bow
B«J!!*ftfc^KsKSC^. l2 ns »t*odlnx; titnt hit
ci/l^E?> : i'ar»'3T HeaiSacn- Cure win cure
T!J "7 Wad c?betrtacb« to
I j t' t few mlnutei; that
I bit Cold Qirs will
quickly break • np any
itrra of eold aad so on through the entire Hit of
naaedle*. At all drugfi'ts. 23 wnU a
If joa need m«ilcal adTlce write Prof. Miinyon
1306 Arch it. Wla. It U absolutely St—.
DR.MCNULTY.
nrms well-knomtn- and reliable old
I Spw-ialistewMBtood Poison. OocorrhfBn.Oleet.
allied Disorders. Hoofc on Diseases of Mei>. free
?flM?^?« I Xr, X^ en<^- T ' rm '» "enable. Hours
tauon freeandsacredly confidential Call or address
, P. BO8COE MeXULTY. II. D.
2ftJ£ Kearny St., Man Francisco, CsX-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
5 0 0 d
news
f 0 r
boys
Any boy buying one
of the school suits des-
cribed below will re-
ceive free a fine Mother's
Friend Shirt Waist
worth 50c.
Bat remember, thU offer U not good after
Saturday night, to cm; to-lay.
THE SUIT
Double breasted coat, knee
pants, with double knees.
Tweeds or cheviots and as
fall of wear as any $>.co
suit made. A good chance
for a big saving, $2.85TACOMA, Wash.. Sept. 20.— The Pacific
Coast demand for coal has grown so rap-
Idly during the current year that mine
owners aTe unable to meet the demands
made upon them. , This year will witness
the largest production and heaviest sa!^3
of coal of any year since the Washington
mines were opened. Dealers say that f IT
several weeks not more than half the c^il
asked for has been supplied. The neffla
of railroad and steamship lines have
reached a maximum point this fall and
thft«.(!emand from San Francisco haa
steadily grown larger.
Government transports have used larp*>
quantities and all the steamers runnir.jr
to Nome have sought to carry cargoes of
coal northward on their second and thinl
trips. Only a. part of them have been sup
plied, despite the fact that Berime S--;*
navigation is closing, making mnst urgent
the need of a winter fuel supply ;it
Nome, St. Michael. Port Clarence and
other points. In all Sound towns the loc;-«l
demand for coal continues very heavy.
due partly to the rapid growth of manu
facturing. It is considered probable th.it
shipments to San Francisco will be some
what curtailed . if local demands fio not
diminish.
Orders.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Northern Dealers Are Unable to Pill
SCARCITY OP COAX.
FRESNO, Sept. 20.— The case of Fred
Himes. the boy poisoner of his father.
was given to the jury shortly before noon.
The trial has been without sensational
features. No facts not known wero
brought out. The strong point relied on
in the youth's behalf is that under tha
statute a child under l\ is not to be pre
sumed guilty of a crime, and that upon
the prosecution devolved the onus of
proving that he was aware of the enor
mity of the crime when committed.
Another point was that the testimony
did not conclusively show that death was
not primurily from other causes than tho
poison. Fred maintained his familiar at
titude of calm impassiveness. The de
fense was th?t he was driven by the bru
tality and neglect of his father to com
mit an act. the enormity of -which he
could not realize. There was testlmony
of the boy's excellent character, and h*
one witness put ft: "I wish every mother
had as good a boy as Fred Himes. He
was housemaid and plowboy and both
father and mother to his younger broth
ers." On the other hand, there was testi
mony by several witnesses that the fath
er was a drunkard and a worthless fel
low.
The Jury after deliberating four hours
returned at 3 o'clock a verdict of not
guilty.
Boy Poisoner Is Ac
quitted by Jury
at Fresno.
4-
Believed Him Too
Young to Realize
Enormity of
His Grime.
FRED HIMES
NOT GUILTY
OF MURDER
SAN JOSE. Sept. 20.— Miss Fannie Stock
ton, cne of nine teachers dropped at the
' lose of the school term by the city
Heard r,t Education, has begun mandamus
;.:¦<>< eedings for restoration to her former
petition.
Seeks Reinstatement.
.-; . ial Dl*palch ta Tile «"all.
WOODLAND. Sept. 20.— It is rumored,
and not denied by those who axe most
interested, that Ed Mezffer. con of Gotlieb
Mccper of Yolo. and Mrs. Phamy Mas
Parry wore secretly married in San Fraii
e'soo last May. Mrs. Parry ls the woman
who caused such a sensation when her
husband died in San Francisco several
months ago. She hap been living near
Cachevffie, in this county, for some time.
Humored Wadding: of Mrs. Parry.
PlJtCEKVILLE. Sept. 20.— The third
day of the trial of Isaiah ZumwaU was
nearly consumed in procuring the thre.«
additional ? jurors necessary to complete
the pane!, as follows: K. A. Beebe, ti.
F Zeatgxaf ami Edwin 'Ireen. At about
A 'oVlock the District Attorney made his
• pening Rtatexneot to the jury, which wax
¦i brief review of the killing . by the de
fendant on June 7 last of hi* son George
by shotting him with a rifle In the house
nrrupSed as a residence by the defendant
¦ind bv George and his wlf«» and Infai;'
< hi!<i 'He also described the killing by {he
defendant at the same time and place o*
Julia Zumwalt. divorced wife of deTend
. •• who had ju.st called at the house.
and aipo the sbooting at Rase /utnwall.
wife of George, ea she was Heeing to the
boose of a neighbor with her child and
< f the killing <>f the child in her arms.
Zumwalt Trial.
SAN JOSE. S»pt. fJ.— The proposed joint
rnf c-tinjr of tho boards of trustees of the
State Normal schools which was to have.
i,,. Pn held here to-day was portponed until
tbe December meeting at Chlco on- ac
coUBt of the absence of the trustees of the
San Francisco department. Trustees of
th<- San' Jos* School met. however. The
contract heretofore made by Principal
Ii'ilev With the school department of San
J.'W*' whereby the city co-operates in th<;
eXDenses and shares the benefits of the
normal training school was ratified by
th- board Discussions in the board dis
< losed the fact that an appropriation of
J'>'.;rt <\*) will be required for next year.
which would include the cost of library
•.T,(i e-vmnasfum buildings, which are
much w<<W The establishment of a
lcir.oergarten in the department was rati
fied.
< v.mmisFionrr Calderhcad points out
that the Japanese do not yield any sup
port or patronage to the State which
provides them work, thus giving cause
for the complaint against this padrone
system which is now beins raised by
tradespeople throughout Montana.
Heavy Appropriation Asked
On the Great Northern there are many
occupied as wipers in the roundhouses.
Railways do not employ Japanese di
mecUy. but engage them from Japanese
:. r contractors, who draw their pay
;i nd also supply them from a Japanese
supply depot located without the State,
the railways transporting these (supplies
;rre °f charge. C T. Takashi of Spokane
contract* the frreater number of these la
borerm. drawing $1 15 for regular em
nloyes and $1 25 for those engaged on ex
tra" ganps. Laborers receive from him
M "', to Jl 15 per day, less the cost of pup-
' plies furnished them. V.'orkinR on this
lu'.sis the Japanese laborer receives be
tween Jl» and $20 per month clear for his
work.
Losing Game to tb.e State.
Epedi] Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Sept. 20. — Only a few less than
£uv< Japanese laborers are now working
on ihp Great Northern. Northern Pacific
nr.d Oregon Short Line railways in Mon
tana alone, according to an ofllcial inves
tigation just completed by J. H. Caldcr-
Y.^aA, Commissioner of the Montana Bu
rrau'of Agriculture, Labor and Industry.
The Japanese on these lines are princi
pally employed on sections and extra
pangs doing special roadbed improve
ments.
OBJECT TO JAPANESE.
People of Montana Find Them a
1XJS ANGELES. S«pt. 20.— In the famous
"Bcrippers" cafe the Cosmos Exploration Com
pany vs. the Gray Kagle Oil Company and tho
Pacific Improvement Company vs. the Elwood
Oil Company, Judge Rrss to-day announced
that he would render a decision next Monday..
The two canes were tried as one and involve
the rieht to Hie on Government oil land ;ih
agricultural, provided oil has not been actually
discovered thereon.
RENO, New, Sept. 20.— Dr. J. E. Cohri, quar
antine officer for California, and Dr. M. P.
Mathews. secretary of the State Board of
Health of California, are here to Inspect all
west-bound trains to guard against the i>osst
h\f introduction of smallpox ln their State,
smallpox is said to be "very prevalent in Green
River Wyo.. and several cages have developed
in the eastern part of the State. Dr. Msthetitf
coes to the eastern ;rart of the SUte in his
cXflclal capacity tbls'eyenlng.
DOS ANGELES. Bept 20."— The charge of
grand larceny aKatnut Mrs. Hllnn I J ler<-e waa
dismissed to-day by Judge Smith., Mrs. Pierce
was i'.cruvd Of stealing pome valuable dia
mond* from an old man named iir. Thatcher,
whom the met at the Oarvanza Hotel, where
fehe whh temporarily a truest, after which ><he
fled to San Kranciwo. Dr. Thatcher, the prin
cipal witneFH for the proBecution. in dead, and
the court held that conviction was impossible.
SKATTt-K. Sept. 20.— The Government tranf
jHirt Lattton, on her way from San Kranrisoo to
Nome to f-ucoor Indlger.t miners, arrived ln
t-'eaMle lo-day. She will take on a supply of
?tores l^-fort- Ravine f° r the north. Accom
mi»iati«rs» for pome 72') men Jiave been pro
vided. The charity pas-sen^erx back will have
to maVe an oath that they are indigent and
without meanu before being accepted.-
SAN JOPK. Kept. 20. — "Tom" Wlnshlp,
cliarped with the murder of Frank Xarvaez in
tlii* city" in 5*ay last, was pla'-ed on trial in
Judee ixjrlpan'F court thin morning. A Jury
liii-l nut l»e«-n wl*-cteil wh>-n the court adjourn^l
for th«* day. Wtnsblp and Nnrvaez b«t-ain»« <-n
fhc;' <1 in a quarrel wlitl«teutin£ in the lTni\-»r
sal restaurant and Win^nip fhot Narvaer. He
will set un a |>Iea of KPlf-defen«p.
PHOKNIX. Ariz.. Prpt. TO.— A report re
ceived to-«lay fives meager details of another
niurd«T n>-ar <Tlfton. The only particulars
kr.'iwn are that a man who formerly conducted
a livery stable at Albuquerque, N. Mex., was
killed by his partner, a former convict at the
Santa F> penitentiary, and robbed of $600.
The authorities are investigating the matter.
SANTA ANA. S<?pt. 20.— Two valuable run
ning horses \v<rp stolen last night from Don
Marco Foster of Oapistrano. The thieves are
Ix>Iii-VHd to have pasaed through here on their
way to fiome remicrvous In .the northern part
«T the State. Ofncvrs are In pursuit.
IXJK AXGEI-ES. S*-pt. 20. — The disbarment
jinx-efdines against Attorney Earl lingers were
dismissed ti>-«lay before Judge Fitzgerald, ami
li*» was declared by the court to be exonerated
and virolira(*»d of the charKen preferred againnt
SAX JOSE, Fept. 20. — Anton Sllva. a Gilroy
ran"her. was to-day convicted in the local Su
1-prior Court on a rharRp of assaulting his 13
y*-ar-olu daughter, .^entfnee will be iironounced
Kfiit«>ml>er 2S.
SANTA CRUZ. Sort. 20.— A McKinley and
RooMvelt <lul» was organized this evening at
lien I»motid witli a m-mbPrsh!p of twenty-two.
COAST NEWS W BRIEF.
The Democrats from Deer Lodge
County who bolted the Democratic con
vention last night met with others to-day
and devised plans for the formation of a
State party to be called the Independent
Democratic party, which will hold a con
vention in Butte on October 2 to nominate
a. State ticket. The faction will also, the
leaders declare, put a ticket ln every
county.
It is believed that fusion will be effected
to-morrow, probably on the lines of the
offer made to-day, the Democrats having
the entire ticket "except the Governor.
The Populist and Labor parties adopted
platforms to-day, reaffirming previous
declarations by the National Populist
Conventions and Labor conventions. They
Indorsed Bryan, the free coinage of silver
and in particular demand an eight-hour
workday.
HELENA. Mont.. Sept. 2O.-The three
State conventions in session here spent
the day maneuvering for a division of the
ticket. Up to midnight they had not hit
upon a division that would be recommend
ed by the Democratic conferees. The
Populists and Labor party offered the
Democrats the entire ticket except the
Governorship, the electoral ticket to be
divided, one each, but all the electors to
vote for Bryan.
tana May Join Democrats.
WILL PEOBABLY FUSE.
Populists and I<abor Party of Mon-
Judge Powers, when interviewed and
asked whether his appointment as United
States Senator by Acting Governor Neb
ecker was Intended as a. huge political
joke or was to be taken ln seriousness,
replied emphatically that it was serious
in every sense of the word and calculated
to teach the Governor and Secretary of
State that they could not both leave Utah
at the same time without taking the con-
OGDEN. I'tah, Sept. 20.— Governor II.
M. Wells, when asked for an expression
as to the actions of Acting Governor Neb
ecker, this afternoon said: _
"Quil Is a great joker, and so is Judge
Powers. I suppose the only thing I can
do is to wait my opportunity to get a
good joke on them. If any one takes the
action seriously or pretends that it will
avail Judge Powers anything in the wav
of furnishing him a credential for the
United States Senate he can see further
than I can. If I had made an appoint
ment myself the Senate would not seat
the appointee. That was settled In the
Quay case. You ask me what I will do in
the matter. I suppose when I see the
president of the Senate I will laugh. I
think Quil expects that."
gALT LAKE, Sept. 2O.-Utah Republi-
N ""^ can officials jand politicians ha.d a
scare when they got up this morning to
find that Governor "Wells and Secretary
of State Hammond had left the State ad
ministration in the hands of a Democratic
acting Governor by leaving the State to
meet Governor Roosevelt at Pocatello,
Idaho. Under the statutes Aqullla
Nebeker, president of the State Senate,
is acting Governor. When Mr. Xebeker
discovered late last night that Wells and
Hammond were both out of the State he
appointed Judge O. W. Powers, United
States Senator, to fill the vacancy occa
sioned by the failure to elect a Senator at
the last session of the Legislature. Then
he proceeded to announce changes in the
gubernatorial staff and shake up official
dom generally. Mr. Nebeker is a promi
nent cattleman, with a cowboy's fondness
for a joke, and does not view his own
meteoric career as Governor very serious
ly, but his political opponents were seri
ously alarmed until they learned that his
term would end shortly after noon to-day
with the return of Governor "Wells.
Three Supervisors were nominated for
the First, Third and Fourth townships as
follows: Jacob Bryan, lioms J. Franu
and Joseph Del^neUettl.
The Republican nominees for the same
office from the respective townships are
J. Eikerenkotter, W. H. Klnne and R. H
Hatch.
REDWOOD CITY. Sept. 2O.-The Dem
ocratic County Convention was called to
order in the Alhambra Theater at thia
place this morning and proceeded to or
ganize by selecting F. H. Thorpe as chair
man and H. Steinberg as secretary.
There being no candidate for Assembly
man the selection of a candidate was left
to the County Committee.
County Convention Unable to Find a
Candidate for Assembly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN MATEO DEMOCRATS.
In the Supervisorial districts W. B. Ray
mond was nominated in the Second, J. W.
Vcnable in the Fourth, and James Han
ley, the incumbent, in the Fifth.-
Things looked very squally for some time
and it was about an even break between
the tv.o. Finally W. R. Burke addressed
the delopates. favoring Germain. That
did the business. Xnihart gained
strength and was elected with 1S4 votes to
fparc.
Nominations followed the appointment
of the central committee. M. K. C Mun
day and M. K. Young- were opposed to
each other for the short term Superior
Judgoship, Munday receiving the plum.
Judge D. K. Trask. the incumbent,
received- the nomination for long term.
There was no second nomination, the
Democrats satisfying themselves with
leaving it open for the purpose of "double
shotting" Trask. For Assemblymen. J. T.
Wilson of San Fernando will make the
race in the Seventieth: E. W. Fortune of
I»i?gr Beach was nominated in the Sev
enty-second: Frank James in the Seven
ty-third; John Wolfskill In the Seventy
fourth, and Frank \V. AUendrr in the
Seventy-fifth. K. E. Crandall was nom
insted for State Senator from the Thirty
seventh district, but he refused to run.
The district convention adjourned until
Saturday nlpht. when it will make
another nomination.
HON. AQUILLA NEBEKER, PRESIDENT OF UTAH SENATE, "WHO.
FINDING HIMSELF GOVERNOR FOR A FEW HOURS. APPOINTS A
DEMOCRATIC UNITED STATES SENATOR TO FILL THE VACANCY.
SAMUEL, M. SHORTRIDGE. THE GIFTED ORATOR WHO OPENED THE
REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN IN THE RAISIN BELT WITH A RINGING
SPEECH AT FRESNO, "WHICH WAS CHEERED TO THE ECHO.
Storinv Session of the Hos Angeles
Democratic Convention.
£ pedal r-israteh t^» The Call.
W I-OS ANGELKS. Sept. 20.— The Demo
rr:iiir county convention met this morn-
Inc in Turner Hall, completing Its work
; :•, U o'clock to-night by placing a full
lit kei :n the field.
At the- opening of the convention it was
arranged that the "Purity Push" and
"Railroad Push*' should lock horns over
ihe > i.airmnnship. Before a vote waa
taken. hoover, the leaders met and
Hgreed r:r»>n Asri>mi>lyman William Mead
f« r ;>ormanont chairman. He was accord
:!.;:!>• elected and carried on the work of
Lh< convention with ntatness and dis
j.Ht<h.
Tu^ fi£ht. howpver, put in an appear
rv.if when nominations were made for
the chairmanship of the central commit
tee. I»ar Neuhkrt was the favorite of
SlcCaffoty of the railroad push, while Eu
,...¦.* Germain Jed tire Purity forces..
NOMINATIONS MADE
Frank H. Short followed Mr. Shortridge
In a brief speech. He referred to his well
known oposition to the acquisition of the
¦Philippines and said he did not agree wth
Mr. Bryan when the latter was trying to
srrurp the ratification of the treaty. He
thought, however, that only a Republican
administration could solve the problem of
with the islands after they had
been acquired.
In dealing with the so-called trust issue
Mr. Shortridge made frequent reference
to the Raisin Association, provoking
l.Tuprhter and applause. He also face
tiously remarked that Mr. Bryan"s opposi
tion to the trusts was not so pronounced
ns formerly and suggested that perhaps
his ardor had been cooled by coming in
contact with thp ice trust controlled by
1-ios.s Croker <">f N<=w York.
FRESNO, Sept 2O.-Samuel M.
Short riripe. the Republican orator.
o{>on<vi the campaign in Fresno to
night in a speech to a large audi
ence at t'he Barton Opera-house.
Mr. Fhortridpe handled the issues of the
- | fcign in a masterly manner and his
remarks were frequently interrupted by
applause.
Frank H. Short acted as chalrrpan of
the meeting and introduced Mr. Short
r.ico. The latter first took up the sub
yet of protection to American industries
snd handled facts with telling effect. Four
yoarf apro, he said, the country^ was oii
the verpe of bankruptcy under the Wil
son tariff, while now prosperity prevails
In every section of the country. The "\VI1
f >n bill. Intended for revenue only,, did
k t raise funds sufficient to keep the Gov
innier.t on its feet during times of peace.
* ne' Dingrley bill, he declared, has not only
¦ rntected American industries, but has
I Ten the means of raising revenue to con
duct expensive wars and suppress insur
rections. ar,d is now beginning to pay oft
the national debt.
The speaker described Imperialism as a
nightmare resulting from fevered Imagi
nations. Many great Democrats of the
past had been imperialists in the sense
that President McKinley now is.
Jefferson made the Louisiana purchase
nnd was an imperialist. Monroe was de
nounced for the? Florida acquisition, and
Reward was criticized for buying the
Alaska iceborsrs from Russia.
Continuing. Mr. Shortrldpe declared that
when the American flag was tired upon by
the Filipinos it became MeKir.ley's sworn
duty to put down the rebellion and he
wnuifl have d«>serv<>d impeachment had he
faiied to do so. As to the wisdom of pur
chasing the archipelago from Spain in the
lirst instance. Mr. Shortridge rr-ferred to
the attitude of Mr. Bryan, who at that
Time Uf»*vi his influence to secure a ratifi
cation of the treaty.
Salvos of Applause.
Well-Known Orator Discusses Questions of the Campaign
Before a Large Audience and Is Greeted With
The pursuing party will change horses,
equip themsselv< s for a hard licht and
push en the trail «>f the robbers. They
v.ill be jcineJ by several other fearless
men, and the- robbers will undoubtedly be
taken e'ead or alive. A di?natch was rent
from Winnemucca last nipht requesting
the authorities at T'.iscarora to organize
a posne to Intercept the runaways at
White Rock, but no answer has been re
ceived from them as yet and it !s not
known if they are co-operating with other
authorities or not. People who knew the
country say iha.t if the robbers are headed
off at that po'nt or turned from their sup
posed route they will undoubtedly run
nuninst one of the other posses worked
toward that center.
That the robbery was well planned Is
evident, as the thieves had, two or three
relays of horses stationed aloi:g their pro
posed route of escape The first change
of horses was.ma.ue about lltteen miles
Irom Winnemucca and the second at the
Sllva ranch, thirty-rtve miles northeast
o£ the scene of tha . robbery. The latter
change was made just one hour betore
the Winnemueca posse arrived there.
The robbers then struck out for Squaw
Valley, their evident intention being to
get into the Junipeis country at the head
of the Owyhee Klver, a wild section,
where they will have no trouble In elud
ing their pursuers. At Hilva"s ranch most
of the Golconda posse turned back, their
horses having given out. Constable Col
well, Dave Abel and two Jndlan trailers
kept on, as did also Deputy Sheriff Kose.
Kaward Ducker and Ernest l>uvivler, the
three latter being the remnant of the
posse which left Winnemucca.
This morning Abel returnee to Golconda
and reported that Colwell and the Indians
were hot on the trail ot the robbers when
ho left them. This ls the only news of the
pursuit received this morning. It is gen
erally believed here that the robbers will
escape, but the men who ar«s after them
are not of the giving-up kind, and news
of a tight may be received at any time.
A dispatch received here from Tusca
rora at 4::!0, a town nearly a hundred mifea
from Winnemucca, reports the arrival
there of three of the pursuing posse. They
state that they have reliable Information
that the outlaws are about twelve miles
out of Tuscarora and are headed for
White Rock, a village about fifty miles
northeast and within sixty miles of the
Oregon line. Their horses are now worn
out and nearly dead from the hard run.
RENO, Ncv.; Sept. 20.— The three men
who successfully robbed the First Na
tional Bank 'of Wlnnemucca of a large
sum of money have escaped to the moun
tains. They eluded both posses— one from
Winncmucca, consisting of fifteen strongly
armed men, and one frorr.jGolconda. con
sisting of a dozen or more. It was the
Intention of the tv/o pursuing parties to
corral the robbers, but they were out
witted by the outlaws, who evidently
know the country thoroughly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Pursuers Stick to the
Trail-News of a
Battle Expected.
Men Who Held Up
Reno Bank Elude
Two Posses.
ROBBERS
ESCAPE TO
MOUNTAINS
REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN OPENED
AT FRESNO BY S. M. SHORTRIDGE
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1900.
Temporarily Made Governorof Utah He
Fills the Senatorial Vacancy by
Appointing a Democrat.
NEBEKER'S LITTLE JOKE
WAS TAKEN SERIOUSLY
3
fir '"
I EEE EVERYBODY is invited THE large upper floor is T^HERE are finely fitted THE ceiling of the room j=:
B 5E: "^ to attend our Grand - i nowone immense sales- 1 dressing rooms on this 1 ls finished in a lbht E^ ¦ '
I =: ODenine to-dav and to- room and is reached-.by a floor and large mirrors, ,~ ,, ° pz: [
1= 3 r " W^ Ln nr»rH new electric ' elevator. where the boy himself can color, which, together with E3
I =: morrow - vve v/ni pracu- which has lately been in- . see how he likes the the flood of natural light pEij j
| EE cally have open house stalled. Mothers will visit clothes. For the conven- , which comes through the £== '
I zzii for the two days, so that this floor with delight. It is ience of customers we have ° 8 — . I
|= all will fepl at liberty to \ a ; ry, comfortable and light, an elegant reception room, large windows, makes the gzzi a
| visit ihe store without the and contains a large stock where ladies can meet place the finest salesroom |EE: I
j'EEr slightest intention of buy- /of thoroughly up-to-date their friends or rest for a devoted to toys' apparel j—-- 1
8 ~Ez ing- suits, overcoats, hats, caps while. The daily papers v A _ : 8
I i= y and furnishings for boys • and magazines will be *" ls sl " e °* ew York. At z^:. j
I EE The store, with its many ;. and children. found on the table. night the place is lighted ~ |
Izz ready to receive you. You / ... m a f, .. ¦ .. . »;.:-- __ .. ,. jj-.-' L1 _ in: I
I = will find more room, more Q \\ \klf\f\W\ & dT£\ g f ln addltlon t0 the =: I
1=1 accommodations, more • # /\ # fV IIO LI &) i i 1* hundreds of incandescent =j; 8
1 nm stock and more conven- F'-y .^^' "^^' \^** lights which stud the FEE I
1 =^ ience generally. . 718 market street. arches overhead. a — : EDUX, Bohemia,. Sept. 20.— An explosion
occurred at the Frisch Gluck mine- yes
: 2v* a -? r lt. Thirty-five persona were killed
m4fn£ lnJured - «ve peraons are
THIRTY-FIVE PERSONS
. KILLED IN A MINE
H. W. Michaels of This City Is Elect
ed a Vice President of the
Organization. ¦
CHICAGO, Srpt. 20.— The final session
of the annual convention of tho Wholesale
Druggists' Association was held here to
day. The following officers were elected-
President, J. \V. "Walker ofsAlbany, N Y •
vice presidents— Frank S.\ Churchill* 61
Burlington. Iowa; Frederick M. Robinson
of New York; E. C. Smith of St. Joseph
h° V v H T« W K W i 11Ia F^ of £ ort w °rth. Tex. :
H. W. Michaels of San Francisco. Treas
urer, E. S. Strong, Cleveland. Board .of
Control— J. G. Fox of Atchlson, Kans •
James McCord of La Crosse; Wis.; Fred L'
Carter of Boston, M. Carey Peter of
Louisville, L. B. Hall of Cleveland. Sec
retary, W. B. -Strong of Minneapolis.
The association adopted a joint agree
ment with the Proprietary Association of
America, the American Pharmaceutical
Association and the National Retail Drusr
gists Association whereby the sale of
druga is hereafter restricted to a certain
priceand terms and intended to protect
the druggist against cut-rate dealers
NEW OFFICERS CHOSEN BY
DRUGGISTS' ASSOCIATION
NEW YORK. Sept. 2O.-The New Yorks beat
the Brooklyns in a ten-inning game this after
noon. Attendance, 860. Score:
.Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn ,. 2 8 1
New York 3 jo, 3
Batteries— Kltson and McGulre; Taylor and
Bowerman. 1'mplre— Snyder.
BOSTON, Sept. 2O.-«-The Philadelphia*' in
field went to pieces in the second inning of
to-day's game, making four errors, which,
with Duffy"s scratch single, netted Boston three
runs. Attendance, 650. Score:
Boston 5 g a
Philadelphia 29 5
Batteries— Lewis anl Sullivan; Orth and Mc-
Farland. Umpire— HUrst.
PITTSBURG, Sept 2O.-The Plttsburgs cele
brated their return home by easily defeating
St. Louis. Attendance, 6300. Score:
. Clubs— ¦ ' R. H E
Plttsburg ..., 10 13 - j
St. Louis ;..„; 4 u \
Batteries— Tannehill and Zlmmer; Powell and
Robinson. Umpire— O'Day. •
the Xieague.
Clubs— W. U Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet
Brooklyn ....73 47 .608 Chicago 67 66 .463
Plttsbursr ...71 51 .0S2 St. Louis 64 66 450
Philadelphia 64 6fi .533 Cincinnati ..53 68 '43s
Boston 60 59 .G04 New York... 61 70 421
Tailenders Defeat Leading Team of
NEW YORKS WIN A GAME.
Resolved, That the Democratic city and coun
ty convention nominate a candidate for mem
ber of the State Board of Equalization for the
First Eaualizatlon District to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the death of J. S. Edwards.
The following resolution presented by
M. C. Hassett and providing for the nom
ination of a candidate for member of tha
State Board of Equalization was adopted:
The date for holding' the county conven
tion was changed from September 27 to
24 at a place to be selected by the commit
tee on organization.
The election will bo held at the follow
ing places:
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— ltl Beo
ond street. ' ¦ t
Twenty-ninth— 824 Howard street, between
Fourth and Fifth.
Thirtieth— 1057 Mission street.
Thlrty-flrst— Teutonla Hall, Howard street,
near Ninth.
Thirty-second — Central Hall. 530 Third street.
Thirty-third— Potrero avenue and Twenty
fourth street.
Thirty-fourth-30:6 Sixteenth street, near Ju
lian avenue.
Thirty-fifth— 2S22 Mission street.
Thlrty-sUth— Duveneck Hall, Twenty-fourth
and Church streets.
Thirty-seventh— 125 Devlsadero itreet.
Thirty-elRhth— Southeast corner Golden Gat©
avenue and Buchanan street.
Thirty-ninth — Corner of Grova and Polk
streets.
Fortieth— Franklin Hall, Flllmore and Bush
streets.
Forty-first— Northwest corner Fillmora and
Clay streets.
Forty-second — 625 Sutter street.
Forty-third— 620 Bush street.
Forty-fourth— Union and Powell street*.
Forty-fifth— G22 Pacific street, near Montgom
ery avenue.
The Democratic County Committee last
night adopted the rules for the conduct of,
the Democratic Primary Club election to
be held in this city this evening.
The officers of election will open the
polls at 7:30 o'clock p. m. and close them
at 10 p. m. They will see to it that all
members of the club have an opportunity
to vote at the election.
At the close of the election the ballots
must be counted and returns made im
mediately to the organization committee
at tho headquarters of the county com
mittee at the Academy of Sciences build
ing*. The ballots will then be forwarded
with the returns. « •
I>emccratic County Committee Adopts
xlules and Selects Polling Places,
PRIMARY ELECTION TO-NIGHT.
I SAN DIEGO. Sept. 2O.-Erasmus Payne,
<0 years old, a veteran of Company G
One Hundred and Fifteenth Volunteers'
fell Into an open trench in Fourth strept
last night which was being dug by the op
position water company. Ho was dead,
when discovered and the post-mortem ex
amination showed that he had struck hi3
head on an iron pipe and ruptured i
blood. vessel, his death being from suffo
cation. •
Killed by a Fall
Professor E. Dana Durand . of .Leland
btanford Jr. University has been appoint
ed secretary of the Industrial Commis-
Pensions issued to-day: Oregon: Addi
tional—William C. Breckenridge Albanv
$6. Reissue— John B. Howey, Goid Beach;
Washington: Increase— John W Hall
Montesano, $10. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Sept. 20.—Post
offlces discontinued: Washington— Vin
land, Kitsap County, mail to Poulsbo In-
Ptead of Bangor as heretofore announced;
Crandall. Stevens County, mail to Usk'
after September 28. '
Oregon— Caleb, Wheeler County, mall to
Antone.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Lemuel E. Tarwater. Kellogg
Oregon— Elbridge M. Clyme'r. Fossil
Washington— Edwin D. Morrison Dal'sv
Fred Billington, Dot. y '
It is alleged that the Bank of Los Gatos
sold property In that city to Carter - for
$12,000, Beggs being the bank's attorney;
that it was represented to the Building
and Loan Association that Carter paid
$2r..(T00 for the property, which it whs
claimed, yielded an income of about 5200
a month, and that on *uch representation
a loan of Slt>,000 on the property was se
cured. Whiteside, it is claimed, was in
strumental In securing the loan. The
property rent? for $70 a month and is as
sessed for $7800.
INTERESTS THE COASTi
SAN JOSE, Sept. 20.— William M. Beggs,
one of the leading attorneys of this city,
E. N. Whiteside, an attorney, collector
and loan solicitor. and.F. L. Carter, o
prominent rancher residing at Gi'lroy,
were arrested to-day on a complaint
sworn to by Dectective T. W. Macfarlane
of San Francisco, chargingthem with ob
taining $16,000 from the Continental Build
ing and Loan Association under false pru
tenpe?..
F. M. Carter Arrested
Attorneys Beggs and Whiteside and
CHARGED WITH FRAUD.
All packages of fruit or plants submitted to a
State board or Commissioner for examination
under those instructions should, when no dan-
Rerous insects are found therein, be promptly
forwarded to the addressee.-
When any package contains Infected fruit or
plants, the postmaster will notify the addressee
and detain the same until the State board or
Commissioner can arrange with the addressee
or take such other proceedings, as may be
proper for the destruction thereof.
Postmasters at z>orts of entry where such
matter Is first Intercepted and forwarded to
any of the postoffices herein named will send
a notice thereof to the addressee, giving 1 the
name of th« postoffice to which sent, of the
board or commissioner to which it will be sub
mitted, and the reason for such action.
The postmasters at Sacramento. Cal.; Salem,
Or., and Olympia. Wash., will submit all such
matter received by them to their respective
State Boards of Hortl-ulture. to wit: The
State Board of Horticulture, Sacramento, Cal.;
the State Board of Horticulture, Salem, Or.,
and the Commissioner of Horticulture, Olyni
pla. Wash., for the inspection of Biich board or
commissioner before the same is forwarded to
the addressee. In order to ascertain whether
the fruit or plants therein contain any danger
ous Insect?.
It is ordered that all postmasters at ports of
entry on the Pacific Coast intercept and for
ward, under cover of penalty envelopes, in the
State of California to the postmaster at Sacra
mento. In the Ptate of Oregon to the postmas
ter at ?alem, and in the State of Washington
to the postmaster at Olynipla, all mall matter
containing fruit or plants emanating from the
Territory of Hawaii or the Philippine Islands.
SACRAMENTO, Sept 20.— The State
Board of Horticulture on July 30 passed
resolutions requesting tho Postofllce De
partment. In view of the danger to fruit
and plants from certain insect pests which
exist in the Territory of Hawaii and
the Philippine Islands, and are unknown
in North America, to issue instructions
to postmasters at all ports of entry on tho
racitic Coast to submit all matter con
taining plants or fruit from the islands to
the horticultural officers of the State
wherein such postoffices are located, for
their inspection before delivery. Secre
tary Lelong of the State board has been
notified by Acting Postmaster General
Shallenberger that this request has been
granted and the necessary instructions
issued. The instructions sent by the
Postofilce Department are in part as fol
lows:
Postoffice Department Orders Inspec
tion of All Plants Coming From
Hawaii or the Phil
ippines.
PROTECTION AGAINST
ISLAND FRUIT PESTS
F1KED WITHOUT WARNTUG.
James Burlte Kills Warren F. Harri
son at Brighaxn City.
SALT UKE, Sept. 20.— Warren F\ Har
rison, foreman of th*> Rocky Mountain
Bell Telephone Company, wn* phot I'Jid
instantly killed «<t ISrftrhant City, Utah
IBM night by .!.-.rt,< - Isijrke. nne of his
Jir»> m ». n _ Hhrri"... wax utandlng In a
drug store wh«n Uurke rnt«-re<1. and with
out a word of warnln* *-mptIH th« con
tend of a thntgun into th* back of Har
rison • head. Hut I'.- wan placed under ar
r^Rt. but refused to %i\o any reanon for >
ij -Si T # . Both n -* n haA hefn rlf "»« friends.
il arr ,M? n " r f maln « *¦!>» be Mnt to Kan-
New Bridge at Ventura.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA. Sept. 20.-A mammoth steel
bridge will be constructed by the South-
Cr £ u &cl J\ c , acr 1 °, 15 '' the Ventura River,
wh ch adjoins this city. A construction
train, outfit and fifteen men have arrived
to commence the preliminary work This
structure will replace the present wooden
bridge, some 400 feet long uen
Thrown From a Bugrery.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 20— Mrs. Joe
Gomez and child while returning from the
l\^lT^ n celebration- this afternoon were
}«E?2i n . f V m , a hxi ep\ - The woman sus
tained a fracture of the arm. The child
escaped with slight bruises.
Defendant Takrs the Stand in His
Own Behalf.
Bj«^ia! Difpattrfa i- Th" fall.
NAPA. Sept. I't.-The Frank Matthal
murder trial was resurm*] again in the
Superior t'ourt yesterday, the defense
continuing to put in evidence. The most
Important evidence of the- day was given
by J. M. Gleaves of San Francisco, who
paid that the mine in question was lo
cated on Government land.
To-day Miss Louise Alatthai, a sister
of The d'tmdar.t, testified that George
fc^aniey threatened her life in October.
K*: thai at the time *he had a pistol in
h»-r pocket, but was so excited that she
f"rg"t t<» use the w>H|ton.
At 3 o'clock Frank Matthai. the defend
ant, took the stana to testify in his own
Ixhalf. He claim; 1 self-defense and
Faid that Stanley Jumped out of his cart
Bnd grabtv-d his (M.uthais) gun and fell
to ihe ground. Matthai thought that
Stanley was going to dub him with the
weapon, so he drew his pistol and shot
him.
The ra.'e will probably go to the Jury
late to-m<'rrow afternoon.
JAPANESE SENTENCED
Trial of the Nine Men Who Attacked
a Party of Chinese.
Epe<-ta! l>i«t,at<h t<j Th<? Call.
FAN RAKAKI.. Sept. 20.— Nine Japanese
rrisonrrs were taken from the County
Jail to-day to Novjuo, where they had a
preliminary hearing before Justice I>ahl
on a charge of assault to murder. The
nun pre the ones who engaged in an as
•Jtuit on five Chinamen in the fruit pack
ine house of the De Long ranch pome
Wf«--ks .-.go. At the hearing to-day It de
vclcpr-d that all the injured Chinese were
out of danger.
All the defendants were dismissed ex
cept D. Matsutnui rind H. Matsutaui who
rer^ivod a fifty-day sentence for simple
fi?sault. and Matsu Moto. who got a
ninety-day sentence for th<» same offense.
The Japanese were represented by Attor
r.'y Pchlesslnerr. with C. H. Geffney as
official Interpreter.
ASKS FOB A REHEARING.
Woodland's Board of Education to
Beopen a School Tax Case.
Ppecial IMKpatch to Th* Call.
WOO DL. AND. Rept. 20.— Judge Grant,
attorney for the City Hoard of Education,
ha* applied to the Supreme Court for a'
rehr-arlns in bank of the case of the Citv
Board of Education vs. the City Hoard o'f
TrunU-««*. The <iueytlon involved is the
levying fjf pr-hool tax. The Supreme
Court ha« on»e decided in favor of the
d*f«ndantf. The petition for a rehearing
atta'lm the r-«,njttltutionaJity of the act
voting th«- City Trustees with authority
to U-vy tax*-*. The question j 8 one of
great Importance to schools
Jury Decides He Was Not Responsi
ble for Dempsey's Death.
Special Kitratch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 20.— J. W.
Maze to-day was by a unanimous v.ote of
the jury acquitted of the charge of the
murder of W. H. Dempsey of Paso Rubles
at the Mint saloon there. The origin of
the crime was a dispute over a dollar
which Maze said Dempsey owed him.
Maze pushed De»~>psey over and kicked
him several tim< •? producing injuries
which the Coroner's jury decided caused
Dempsey's death.
The verdict occasioned surprise. The
attorneys tbr the defense worked on three
theories— that deceased had fallen against
the iron rail near the saloon floor or was
uiyli-r the influence of opium or had fallen
the night before, producing injuries con
tributing to the fatal result. Dempsey and
Maze were well known old citizens and
the trial attracted general attention.
FOOTHILLS FIRE SPREADS.
Great Damage Being Done by Flames
Near Salinas.
SAUNAS. Sept. 20.— The forest fire
which has been burning for several days
in the foothills on the eastern side or
Salinas Valley is still raging, it has
spread around to the. rear of Natividad
and is rapidly extending through the hills
in the direction of CarnerO3, destroying
everything in its path.
Workmen Asphyxiated.
f-pecial DiHj.atch to The ChII.
TUCSON. Sept. 20.-J. G. Gieger and two
men who were employed by him in clean
ing a deep cesspool were asphyxiated this
evening. The men were in the bottom of
a thirty-font hole when a gas chamber
which had formed there broke, letting out
the gas and the men were overcome The
bursting chamber started a flow of filth
which arose to within fifteen feet of the
surface of the hole, thus concealing the
bodies of the men. and it was with great
difficulty and danger that thev were
finally recovered. Gieger came "here a
year ago from Phoenix and was a married
man. One of the men killed was Juan
Jarvis. a Mexican, who was married and
leaves a family.
Grain Fields Ablaze.
DI-XON. Sept. 20.— The Dixon Fire De
partment saved the town again to-day
from destruction by fire. Sparks from an
engine set fire to fields north of town
while the wind was blowing a gale. For
a time it seemed as though the town
would go. The fire laddies, assisted by
men and women, fought the flames and
succeeded in putting them out. There
has been fire every ' day this week
between Elmira and Davisville. The
» U^ 0 , n3 « pend the most of the ir time
fighting flames to protect their homes.
MAZE IS ACQUITTED.
MATTHAI MURDER TRIAL.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PETALrMA. Sept. M-Ovr half a cen
tury ho th# lit»!e nation of Switzerland
through the valor of her sturdy sons sue
ceertpd. in Fainir.s her independence, and
to-day the Swiss of the surrounding coun
try, and towns (Assembled in lvtaluma to
fittingly mtnm'-ir.or.ite that achievement.
The little town was crowded to its' ut
most. The people comxaenred to arrive
yef=f'r<3ay and last r.i^ht the streets wore
thronzrvi with Swiss who were k<pt busy
greetk.g and entertaining t!u-lr fri»-n<3s.
The uroorarjoiij" <if the city wero more
lavish and m»r>- nnlsti'-ally arranged
than ever before. Immense wagon loads
of pepper w.«od tr.e.« had been secured
from *hr hillsides ;nid arranged along the
Firfew.iJki! until the principal streets re
temhlr-d everer«>e:i forests. Kvery store
•n the streets tnroueta which the parade
moved wa.« decorated with red. white and
h'.-;e hunting and with the national col
nrs of both America and Switzerland
Rontinjr side l>y side.
Th«- parade, although long, comprised
numerous interesting and novel features.
William Tell and his bow and arrow and
his son with the historical appl»» rode on
a float which r*-pr«-s«-r!ted the mountain
:.us scenery of Switzerland. On this float
iiso were several m»n attired in the Swiss
:osturr.e of tbe M'.<i<il" Atfes.
A second float which attracted atten
;!"n end won applause alone the line was
:hat containing th<- two <;odd^sses of Lib
erty. Mi<s l»ado and Miss bilippiol, one
Hnblematlc of Switzerland and the other
>f her sister republic America. The pod
liesses w>-r«- Mirroundnd by twenty-four
little girls attired in white", representing
the twenty-four cantons of Switzerland.
I Amnnjr the other features of the parade
I the P^taltima flrempn. Sonoma Swiss
«'!ub. Bndi*pa Swiss Club, -Olema Swiss
Ouh and Sonoma nnd Mnrin Swiss Club
made especially attractive appearances.
After the conclusion of the parade the
multitude adjourned to Agricultural
Park, whrre the literary exercises were
to take place. P.oth the president of the
«Jay. P. A. Myer. and the orator. E. Pohli,
spoke of the strupfrle which Switzerland
marie to pain her independence and the
patriotic devotion of her sons to her
cause.
A crand ball at the opera-house to
night will end the celebration.
AT SAN LUIS OBISPO.
Literary Exercises and a Barbecue
in Johnson's Grove.
Ppwial Plspatrh to The Cail.
SAX LUIS ORIPPO, Sept. 20.-The Swiss
celebration to-3ay at Johnson's Grove In
this city attracted fully 4<XX) peo
\<\p. The decorations of the platform ami
stagp were handsome and patriotic. The
merchants and ritizens g-enerally honored
the occasion. American and Swiss color3
foretold the flplight of liberty-loving- oiti
zcn?. Annie Pczzonl was Helvetia, Xellie
Thompson Goddess of Liberty and Belle
Canr-t represented America. A few rural
public schools closed, but the San L,uls
Obispo schools did not close. Some teach
ers had but one pupil, others five. At
Nipomo street, where the attendance is
said to l<e ?/K>. It is said only twenty-five
pupils attended school. The barbecue was
a grand success both as to quantity and
(iiialitv. •
SWISS CELEBRATE THEIR
DAY OF INDEPENDENCE
Parks in Many Cities Thronged and Streets Filled With
Marching Men.
Whether Admiral. Dewey will bring the matter to the attention of the de
partment Is not known here, but as Hobson appears to be correct In his conclu
sion It Is doubtful If the department will, feel disposed to taJca any action.
The late Commander Wood, ¦who commanded the Petrel In the battle. In hfs re
port said the Isla de Cuba, Isla de Luzon and Don Juan de Austria were
aground and full of water when they were fired. Their outboard valves wmt»
opened and the ships allowed to fill. The. breech plug* of the four-Inch grins nad
been taken off and could not be found. By the • testimony of the American
commander, therefore, the Spaniards were responsible for the sinking of the ships
named. . Department officials say the fact that the Spanish officers destroyed
their own ships does not detract from Admiral Dewe/g conduct of action, as it
was the practice of the American gunners that forced tbe enemy's men-of-war
ashore. • '
CALL. BUREAU, "WEL.LJXGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON", Sept. 20.— Unless
Admiral Dewey should call the matter to th» attention of the Navy Department
It Is not likely that any official attention will be paid to Naval Constructor Hob
son's statements this mornlnj? relative to the sinking of the Spanish fleet In Ma
nila , It. was pointed out that Lieutenant Hobson referred In the Interview
to the vessels which were repaired' at Hongkong, and which were the I3'.a de
Cuba, Isla de Luzon and Don Juan de Austria. In his report of the_batUe Art
with the General Lezo, Marquis del Dse three vessels had been burned along
miral Dewey specifically stated that theuro, El Correo, Velasco and Isla da Min
danao. The admiral stated that the Relna Christina, Castllla and Don Antor.la
Ulloa had been sunk.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
At All Events Lieutenant's Statement But
Reiterates Facts Set Forth in
Official Reports.
Navy Department Not inclined to Act
Unless Admiral Dewey Should
Make a Complaint:
NO ATTENTION WILL
BE PAID TO HOBSON
2:19 trot, purse JSOO— J. T. won two straight
beats In 2:17',i. 2:15ft. Orphan Girl, Free Sil
ver, Laveran. Wheaton Boy, Ebba, Electro
pose Red Arthur, The Medium and White
Wood also started.
2:08 pace. Wayne Hotel stakes. J1000 (un
finished from Wednesday)— Sidney Pointer won
the second, third and fourth heats In 2-IO^l
2.10V4. 2:io»i. Agitato won the first heat in
2:10%. The Admiral. Colbert. Red Seal and
Lady Pipes also started.
2:13 pace, puree J1000 (unfinished from
\\ ednesday)— Pussy Willow won the second
fourth and fifth heats in 2:11%, 2-l3»i 2-13U*
My Choice won the nrst heat in 2:lo»i'. Vfsp'er
won the third heat in 2:13%. Wllkie, Red Bug.
Balmy L, Tod Williams and Loleta a i 80
started.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Sept. 20.— Only
two races wero finished to-day and the
unfinished 2:19 trot *nd the 2:14 trot went
over until to-morrow. Summary:
WITH HARNESS HORSES.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Sept. 2O.-Raln pre
vented racing to-day and the card was
postponed until to-morrow.
Steeplechase, short course — Coronatus won
I^ost Fellow second, I'm Next third. Time
3:19%.
Six furlongs— Bard of Avon won, Fridolin
second, Tenny Belle third. Time, l:2Ui.
One mile and a sixteenth— Macy won. Love's
I-abor second. Banish third. Time, 1:56 V4
One mile and an eighth, selling— Moio won
Pam Lazarus Esq. second, Sauber third. Time
2:02.
• (
Rain Causes Postponement.
Five and a half furlongs— Blink won, Hamp
shire second, Water Plant third. Time, 1:13%;
Six furlongs— Brownie Anderson won, Belle
of the Glen second. Nan O'Ke'e third. Time
I:l9'.i. * '
CHICAGO. Sept. 2O.-Track heavy at
Hawthorne. Rtsults:
One rnlle and an eighth, selling— El Caney
won. Henry of Frantzamar second, Orlandine
third. Time, 2:0IJi.
. — 9
Heavy Going at Hawthorne.
fix furlongs, selling— Peguranca won. Micro
scope second. Miss Loretta third. Time, 1:22.
Five and a half furlongs— Juanetta won, Em
pyreal second, Blger third. Time, 1:15.
Seven furlongs, selling— Alvln W won. Old
Fox 6econd, Lurdan third. Time, l:3t>H-
One mile. selling — Guide Rock won. Glen
Lake second, Peter Duryea third. Time, IMS.
Track Slow at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 20.— Track slow. Re
sults:
Seven furlongs— TVatercrest won, Waban sec
ond, Crystalline third. Time. 1:36.
Seven furlongs, selling — Castel won. Mousel
tort second, Hansborough third. Time, 1:34ft.
One mile, selling— Lamp Olobo won. Clipsetta
second. Silver Garter third. Time. 1:44%.
Five furlongs, selling— Edgewood won, Tas
ker second, Doasle third. Time, 1:05.
Six furlongs— Toller won. By George second.
Lady Montrose third. Time. 1:1S»4.
Results at Fort Erie.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Sept. 20.— Results at
Fort Erie:
Seven furlongs— In the Push won. Gun Cotton
second. Night Bell third. Time, l:34«i.
Five furlongs— Gray Dollv won. Obey second,
Lyror Bell third. Time. 1:03%.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2O.-The chief event
at GraveBend to-day was the : Algeria
stakes for two-year-olds. Weather fine.
Track fast. Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Elizabeth M won.
King Pepper second, Slnfl third. Time, 1:07 2-5.
One and an eighth miles, selling— BangOr won.
The Amazon second, AIMke third. Time,
1:54 4-5.
Hitchcock steeplechase, two and a half miles
— Plato won, Westown teconrt, Perlon third.
Time. 4:53.
Algeria stakes, selling, five furlongs — Colonel"
Padden won. Klrnberley second. Screech third.
Time. l;01H-
Mile and seventy yards— Brigadier won, Kam
ara second. Star Fright third. Time, 1:45 2-5.
About six furlongs, selling — Kitchener won,
Sadduce* second, 1'upil third. Time, 1:10 4-5.
:5S1£.
Five furlongs, selling— Joe Martin won, Cor
der second, Sevoy third. Time, 1:04%.
One mile. Belling— Acuslila won. Double Dum
my second. Fantasy third. Time, 1:47%.
Seven and a half furlongs, -spiling — Brother
Fred won, Harry Luce second. Jack Adle third.
Time. 1:42.
Six furlongs, selling— Deist won. Doc Ferrlsh
second, Tenole third. Time, 1:20.
At Gravesend Track.
Seven and a half furlongs, selling—Demos
thenes won, La Vitesse second, Strathbroeck
third. Time, 1:424.
Four and a half furlongs — Amoroso won, Rob
ert Morris second, Tho Covenanter third. Time,
DETROIT, Sept. 20.— There waa only
one favorite home In front at Windsor
this afternoon. Track muddy. Results:
The Algeria Stakes for Two- Year-
Olds at Gravescnd Is
Won by J Colonel
Fadden.
Bookies Have a Good Day at
Windsor With the
Talent.
ONE FAVORITE
ONLY ABLE TO
FINISH FIRST
The morning session was taken up with
reports of the presiding elders of Los
Angeles. Fresno and San Diogo districts.
All show increase and healthy condition.
At the afternoon session the anniversarv
of the Woman's Home Missionary Socletv
was celebrated. The educational work of
tho church occupied the evening, with ad
dresses by Bishop Hamilton, Dr. Hartupla
and Dean W. T. Randall.
"Any conception of this matter will not
stand the test of good, common sense — I
hn<1 almost said 'good horse sense.' If
this thing 1 is right, why does not the gen
oral Government adopt the same method,
of raising luxes? It seems to me you are
1-uttine your house of worship on a level
with tlie saloon and the brothel so far as
its standing In the ofllclal government is
concerned
The speech was greeted with resounding
ppplause. The audience seemed glad of
an opportunity to express approval of the
Bishop's views and their uis-approval of
church taxation as conducted in Califor
nia.
"I had been looking for lareer men than
I find In your State government. You
have the only State in the Union that puts
an obstacle to the entrance of God into
the land.
"1 do not understand the principle of
Ftatesmanshlp that will tax the elements
that seek to preserve good order. You
inipht as well tax your Governor and
schools.
"The Idea of the churches of California
being t:ixed M0,iX>0 annually: I do not see
bow you stand it at all. 1 should be dis
posed to build nothing but tents. 1 do not
Knew what kind <J1 statesmanship you
have.
"*1 am sure," he said, "that the churches
of California labor under greater diffi
culties than those in any other State In
the Union.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20.— "What sort
of statesmen have you in California, any
way?" asked Bishop Hamilton this morn
ing as in the midst of the conference ses
sion he suddenly arose and began to ad
dress the assembled ministers. The
speech was called forth by an Hem In tho
ivport of Presiding Elder Bovard, and tho
Bishop continued to unburden his mind
as follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Reports at the Southern Methodist
Conference Show a Decided In
crease in Membership
•During the Year.
Ringing Speech Made by
Bishop Hamilton at
Los Angeles. •
DISAPPROVES
OF TAXATION
OF THE CHURCH
The discharge of. volunteers at the Pre
sidio still occupies the surgeons and pay
masters. ' There still remain about 100
men to be discharged, a number of whom
will be kept in the service until their
physical condition warrants their being
sent home.
Five recruits in charge of Corporal
Roddy were sent yesterday to Seattle, go
ing from there on tho Lawton to Fort
St. Michael, Alaska.
Lieutenant Collins, upon whom the re
sponsibility rests, promptly made out a
check and handed It to Donnelly. The
lieutenant instituted a search for the Im
postor, but was unable to find a trace of
him. and must pocket the loss unless
«'origress passes a bill to reimburse him.
Though thousands of dollars have passed
through the lieutenant's .fiands for the
payment of tha sick soldiers, this is the
first time he has been Imposed upon.
Brigadier General Greely. chief signal
officer ofHhe army, Is expected at the
Presidio to-day. He has been making an
inspection of the army posts In Alaska,
and will also inspect the electrical sys
tem at the Presidio. It Is presumed that
his visit is due principally to a desire to
observe the workings of the wireless.tele
graph In operation between Alcatraz Isl
and and the Presidio.
When Donnelly's | name was called a
soldierly appearing fellow stepped up and
claimed the amount due the private. No
protest coming- from those -who were sup
posed to identify the men as they were
paid, the amount due was handed over
to him and he disappeared.
Fifteen minutes afterward a soldier
giving his name as XV. Donnelly appeared'
and asked for his pay. He was very
much surprised when Informed that it
was not the custom to pay men twice.
Mis protest that he had not received a
cent led to an investigation, which result
ed in the officers concluding that they had
been made the victims- of a swindler in
the uniform of a soldier.
The patients at the General Hospital
were paid yesterday by Major Keleher.
"When payment is »being made the men
step up for tholr money as their names
nro called, and this method made It pos
sible for a bunko man to get away with
$11S, the sum due "W. Donnelly, a private
of the Ninth Infantry.
General Greely, Chief Signal Officer
of Army', Expected to Arrive
To-Day— Recruits Still
Being Discharged.
Answers' to Call for Private
Donnelly and Pockets
the Cash.
IMPOSTOR DRAWS
A SOLDIER'S PAY
BY DARING RUSE
PKRIM. Sept. 20. -The Dutch cruiser
GtJderland is going to iviagoa Bay in
order to take on board former President
Kruger and convey him to Holland.
THE HAGUE. Srpt. 2<V— In the Upper
Chamber Of the States General to-day the
Minister of Foreign Affairs and Premier,
W. H. <Je Beaufort, replying to an inter
pellation, sai<l the Oovernment of the
»thcrlan<i? had informed Great Britain
That compensation would be demanded
for the expulsion from the Transvaal of
employes of the Netherlands Railroad.
Kesrarding the offer of a Netherlands
warship to convey Mr. Kruger from
Lorenzo Marques to Europe. Dr. do
U«-aufort said the Netherlands Govern
ment made the proposition ¦when It
learned that Kruger wished to visit
Europe for the benefit of his health.
Simultaneously with the offer, Dr. de
B«=auf'_>rt continued, the Government of
ih«j Netherlands informed Great Britain
of the action taken and the latter, in
thanking the Netherlands for the infor
mation, declared the British Government
had no intention to Interfere with Mr.
Kruger's projected Journey. RcgardlnR
China. Dr. d«» Beautfort said the Dutch
commander had been informed to abstain
from all military action.
LONDON. Sept. 2".— Lord Roberts
«?ables from Neispruit. on the Pretoria-
DHJUr^a Bay Railway, not far from
Komatipoort. the frontier station, under
rate of Wednesday, September 13, as fol
lows:
••Of the S^vi (i.irr? who retreated from
Komatipoort before the British advance
from Macliadodnrp. 700 have enter*"!
Portuguese territory, other? have doperte:!
in various direction and the balance are
reported to have crossed the Komatl
RIvor and to be occupying spurs of the
Lombolo Mountains*, south of the rail
way.
"A general tumult seems to have oc
curred when they recognized the hope
lessness of their cause- Their I/mg
Toms and IlHd guns have been de
stroyed and nothing Is left of the Boer
army but a few maurauding bands.
Kelly-Kenny is dealing with one of
these, which occupies a position at
Doomberg."
The War Office has Issued a lengthy re
port from Lord Roberts on the -question
of the. Johannesburg plot to overpower
t!i» garrison and murder British offlcerg
nnd the deportation of foreigners. After
reitering the known facts of the plot,
the British commander in chief in South
Africa says:
'"The Consuls of America. Germany.
France and Sweden, subjects of which
rations were arrested, met and fully dis
ensped the case with the British officials.
The interview was rtiost satisfactory. The
Consuls entirely concurred with the Brit
ish action and promised every assist
ance."
Lord Roberts adds that he forthwith or
dered the deportation of all foreigners
arrested in connection with the plot for
whose behavior their respective Consuls
could not vouch. Otherwise very few
foreigners were deported, except em
ployes of the Netherlands Railroad, who
refused to work for the British and ac
tively PRrtichiated In the war.
Lord Roberts Reports That Nothing Is Left of
the Opposing Army but Ma
rauding Bands.
Dutch Government Explains to Eng
land Why the Tender of a Warship
Was Made the Boer.
KRUGER'S TRIP IS FOR
"SAKE OF HIS HEALTH"
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1900.
4
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
About ten persons are every year
robbed and murdered In Russian rail-
ways, and the murderers are seldom
caught.
STATEMENT
— of Tins —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— op the: —
GIRARD
FIRE AND MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the list day of December.
A. r>. 1899. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commlsloner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 111 of tbe Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np ta
Cash (300,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. .... I403.S0O 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 724,950 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 831,921 CO
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 118.S0O 00
Cash in Company's Offlca 11,953 17
Cash In Banks •• (1.835 ?t
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and loans S.131 SS
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 11.251 44
Premiums in due Course of Collection JS.C62 13
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1S.834 95
Rents due and accrued . 480 SO
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 11,310 M
Total Assets ,g.0M.«3« 64
LIABILITIES.
Lmsm In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense W7.S27 4J
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 2.700 00
Gross premiums on Flr» Risks run-
ning one year or less. $129,449 SS: re-
insurance 60 per cent.., 114,724 W
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. S567,$35 10;
' reinsurance pro rata 297,148 05
Amount reelalmable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Poli-
cies O4.0SS SI
All other demands against th« Com-
pany K.303 51
Total liabilities .$U32.89i 01
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Flm,
premiums S409.265 M
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages M.CS7 47
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources M, 087 43
Received for Rents lO.'Ol It
Received from all other sources 1,962 51
¦
Total Income H98.T84 33
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $29,612 11, losses of previ-
ous years) $225,183 79
Dividends to Stockholders 75,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
Brokerage 14,033 60
Paid for Salarlei. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc S5.3S3 44
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 23,029 28
All other payments and expend!- •
tures ss.JU S3
Total Expenditures $508,128 63
Lowes Incurred during the year
(Fire) ..$263.107 17
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Ri*ks
written durlne the
r«r $52,722,275 $507,213 58
Net amount of Risks
expired during the <
J*" ; «.102.887 429,793 70
Net amount in force
December 31. 1839.. S2.S95.043 781.SS2 33
i^Rfr^; ALVORD - Vlc » President.
_KDWIX F. MERRILL. Secretary.
Subscribed and pworn to before me. this 29th
day of January. 1900.
GEORGE P. WILOUS. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NE. Cor. California and Sansome Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
WILLARD 0. WAXMAN, Manager.
G. W. McNEAR, GeneraKAffent.^
UKITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THB—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OV TKB-
LIVERPOOL and LONDON
and GLOBE
INSURANCE COMPANY
f\T L1VEKPOOU ENGLAND. ON THE KST
V7 day of December, A. D. 1S33. and for tha
year ending on that day. as mad* to th* In-
surance Commissioner of th» State ot Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisions of Section* A
110 and 611 of th« Political Coifs condensed a3^
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company H.SSS.TW 09
Loans oa Bonds and Mortirare* 2,307 SS9 Ca
Cash Market Value ot all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company l,i73.*JT 53
Cash In Company's Offlc* 1.173 7j
Cash In Banks C77.0G7 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans _ ijj (>3
Interest das and accrued on Bonds
and Mortraces 44.083 40
Premiums In due Coarse of Colleo-
_tlon B4.785 «
Rents das and accrued 10,000 <¦)
Life loan ¦> -- -,.... i*4co co
Perpetual Policy premiums due...... 93 45
Total Assets ;
LIABILITIES. :
Losses ta process of Adjustment or
tn Suspense $S24.*m 5*
Looses resisted. Including expensesi. SO, too ;j
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning on* year or less. 13, 423, 99s XI;
reinsurance M per cent 1.7U.4SJ ta
Gross premiums on Fire Risks rnn-
nlnr more than one year. J3.*7J,-
64S «J; reinsurance pro rata 1.821. 4S0 41
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies. ttS.141 a
Liability under Life Department.... 90,039 P7
All other demands against the com-
pany . J74.513 9^
Total l/abimi»«.. ....*. ......... ....$4,77*. oso «>
TNcosnc. -
Net cash actually reoelTed for Fire
premiums M.T17.430 **
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 139.944 63
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 1R.S34 tm
Received for Rents »4. 1(12 07
Received from all other sources 250 00
Total Income .t5.947.0Sl 09
EXPENDITL'KES. — -— -
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $S1S,O87 53. losses of pre-
vious years);.......... ».4«.4n 09
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 4 tSCOM SI
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerics, etc. ... 127 VS tl
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 14S.C9 S3
All other payments and expendi-
tures MS.4S3 It
Total Expenditure* I3.OT3.S90 01
Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the ywtr...CS93.;53 41
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year rnS.MS.4?: W.137.S43 74
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year «51,574.759 I.KM.Wl 93
Net amount In force
December 31. 1S39... S34.(C0.763 7.036.547 50
HT W. EATOM, Itest. Manager
GEO. VT. HOYT. Peputy Manager.
Futwcrlbed and sworn to before me. this *7th
day of March. 1300. W. n. "W1LDET."
Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
BAN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN^
Resident Secretary.
CAFE ROKALBgi
.Valises checked rx**.
The best drink this warm weather ' Is
«„» lnl f r " Beer. It Is cool and refresh-
Hi*?* * . . ¦ - y 0 -.
ASVEBTISEHENTSL
WONDERFUL MEXICAN
GIRL HEALER
sft M BIT S
SANTA
TERESA
BLINDNESS. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA,
PARALYSIS AND CASES GIVEN
UP BY PHYSICIANS SUCCESS-
FULLY TREATED.
WONDERFUL. CURES BEING MADE
DAILY.
INFORMATION AND TESTIMONIALS
AT OFFICE.
PRIVATE TREATMENTS DAILY FROM
• 9 A.M. TO 5 P.M.
BALDWIN ANNEX
930 MARKET STREET,
- OFPOS/TE EMPORIUM.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
f***^ Fishing: Tackle and 'Sporting
.. _ ' ' Goods. Tne larcest stock on
the Pacific Coast of every description. Send i
cents In postage stamps, for tha latest &0-p*xs
illustrated catalorue. No. 4 •«-*«••
Dr. Bennett's- Electric Belt '
Makes weak men and women strong and stroiur
gfft it"? • S W a° n m |^nc r g r Cal ROOmS 5 a ° d * "
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
, Wet |l a bottle, for uli b* druntita.
p MEYERS I
'\m^ g I! SPECIALISTSJOR MEN. |
%cfi$*l''-< I \^^^*^w}^<^^^.'^^^^ Patient* may rav wh'n w»'.l or ;
y/s"\t>' \\^ Sv sV y^'^2TOur^^>V^^l In monthly lr.«tal!m»nt«. Hirr* r
' X^"-, -^ - jLj-— -^^StejarrlsSJSw?^^''^ cures a. specialty. Private h-v-k :
ELEVATOR |r7Q>. MARKET STREET, Hours-* to 5. Daily. 1
ENTRANCE. | I O 1 san francisco. |Ixiuis PdcTB. the boatswain of the Pa
:i!lc Mail Steamship Company's boat Saa
Ju«n. who recently stabbed Quartermas
rr William Shannahan of that vessel in
*.!:e shouldvr. was up yesterday for pre
irr.ir.ary hearing before United States
Commissioner Heacock. He was held to
inswer. _ '.. *
Furniture Dealers Mset.
A. ir.ectir.c of the 'Sew and Secondhand
Furniture I>ea!<;rs' Association was held
0 H'r.ai Hrith Hall last evening. The or
«;nn!zntion is a new one ar.d opposed to
manufacturers' combines. The officers
• re: J'. Taussig. presidt-nt; J. F. Chope,
tt-crctiu-y. and 11. McCabe, treasurer.
Pioseer Women of California.
The Pioneer Women of California, re
r<?nt!y orpariiz<;d in this city, will hold a
nee-tir.s i:\ the parlors of the Occidental
it 1:30 o'clock this afternoon for the pur
toM of adopting a constitution and per
tctir^ the oroaJiJ 3 * 1^ 11 -
The Sachem Honored.
At a meeting of Montezuma Tribe, Im
proved Order of Red Men, last Tuesday
night, George H. Cabaniss, the sachem,
was presented with a silver service in
recognition of hi3 services during the
time he has been connected with the
tribe.
Psters Held to Answer.
The graduates of St. Brigid's School will
give an entertainment next Monday at
Golden Gate Hall, Sutler street, In aid of
St. Brigid's Church fair. Dancing will
follow the entertainment. The programme
is as follows:
"Sox Nix March" (Guchet), St Brlgld's or
chestra, Katherine E. Galvin pianist; tenor
solo, selected, John H. O'Brien. Robert Lloyd
accompanUt; bass solo, Frank Thompson; ope
elblties, little Claire Fex; barytone solo, .lames
Fraeer; recitation, Miss Elizabeth McDouald;
waltz, orchestra; cornet solo, George Pacheco;
Chinese Impersonations, Harry Walton; so
prano solo. Mrs. J. R. Kentzell; banjo duet,
Piofessor Graeber and D. Torres; dancing.
Graduates of the Parish School Will
Bender a Fine Programme.
ENTERTAINMENT IN AID
OF ST. BRIGID'S CHURCH
DEATH OF EVAN J. ELZY,
PIONEER MINING MAN
Evan J. Elry. a pioneer and well-known
rArAr.g man, died suddenly at Placerville
¦j:! Tuesday last. Mr. Elzy crossed the
plains in 1K6 and engaged in mining.
R'hieh occupation he followed both in CaJ
:fcro!a and Arizona until his death, lie
was largely interested in the Plymouth
Uock mine.
Deceased loft a widow, Louise Barrett
Elzy, and three daughters — Irma, Maybf-11
i:.d Maud ElXY. He was a native of To-
Vdo. Ohio, and C9 years of age. The fu
tK-rai was held vest* rday from the late
residence of the deceased, 1122 Fell street.
Impaneling McGlade Jury.
One hundred citizens responded to sum
mons to appear before Judge Burnett yes
terday afternoon for examination as to
{heir qualifications to sit in the Jury dur
ing the trial of Peter McGlade. Tliirty
flve were dismissed by the court, and this
morning the work of Impaneling a Jury
from the remaining sixty-five will begin.
Mrs. Wright, one ot the matrons
at the City Prison, is lying danger
ously 111 with blood-poisoning
caused by a bite from a spider.
About a v.eek ago Mrs. Wright,
while attending to her duties in the
matron's department of the prison,
was bitten on the left forearm by
the insect. She did not think any
thing of it at the time, but before
she left the prison to go to her
home she noticed that her arm was
considerably swollen. Acting under
the advice of a friend, she went to
the Receiving Hospital, where she
was temporarily treated. The fol
lowing day her condition became
worse and a physician was sent for.
He diagnosed the case as one of
blood-poisoning and applied the
usual remedies. Yesterday inquiry
at her home met with the re
sponse that while she was very ill
there was no immediate danger.
Mrs. Wright was formerly a
matron at the Receiving Hospital.
After the appointment of the pres
ent Board of Police Commissioners
she was assigned to duty in the
City Prison, where she performed
meritorious service.
\\ e desire an expression of opinion
from you to the effect that if we arrange
with the official newspaper to do the ad
vertising, furnish necessary clerks and an
enrin?er to make the plats, etc., would a
cash deposit to cover the expenses be re
quired, as there would be no expenditures
to be made by the city for the improve
mpnt?"
POISONED BY
THE BITE OF
A BIG SPIDER
The North Central Improvement Asso
ciation has been giving considerable at
tention to the question of widening Jack
son street from Montgomery avenue to
East street, and it addressed a communi
cation yesterday to the Board of Public
Works on the subject. The communication
savs:
"Widening of Jackson Street.
Members of the Point Lobos Improve
ment Club want J the Park Emergency
Hospital reopened. At a meeting of the
club last Wednesday evening it was de
cided to have the club's executive com
mittee appear before the Board of Super
visors and request the re-establishment of
fm. emergency hospital in the park nearer
to the beach than Baker street. James
M. Wilklns. proprietor of the Cliff House,
and President Fletcher of the club ad
dressed the meeting and declared there
was Immediate need of the hospital.
Want Park Hospital Reopened,
building fund. It took eight cars to ac
commodate all the crowd, and the start
was mr.de on the Mission-street line in
front of St. Mary's College.
The young people harf a great time and
Vrere well equipped with horns and
bugles to let the world know that they
were having a good time. The ride was
finished a little after 10 o'clock and then
everybody repaired • to the college build
ing, where a sumptuous supper was
spread. At the close of the repast an ad
journment was made to the drill hall up
stairs, where dancing was indulged in un
til a late hour.
Father Brady netted an encouraging
sum and stated last night that the affair
'was such a success that another ride
would be given in the near future.
Encouraging Sum Raised for Church
Tuna and Everybody Has a
Good Time.
Over a thousand people attended the
trolley ride given last night by the parish
ioners of St. John's Church in aid of the
ST. JOHN'S TROLLEY
RIDE A GREAT SUCCESS
Both Trades Are Organizing and
Will Demand Abolition of
Sunday Labor.
The bakers and confectioners of this
tity. Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley are
jrganizing and they will shortly demand
:he abolition of Sunday labor In their re
ipective shops. For years the men have
aern obliged to toil seven days a week,
md they think (be time is now ripe to
l(-mand the repulation working week that
>r*-vails in other sections of the country.
There are about 1000 bakers and confec-
Sonera in the four cities. The union
urer.gth at present is under 200. A mass
x.i'etir.g wiil be held at 115 Turk street
Sunday, whf-n steps will be taken for a
jnited action In demanding a six-day
work week.
BAKERS AND CANDY MEN
MAY GO ON A STRIKE
Are helped to regain needed flesh and strength
by uslnff MALT-NUTRINE. The Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Ass'n prepares It. which fact
guarantees its buperior merit. Sold by all drug
gists.
Thin, Bun-Down People
Owing to the illness of Juror Thomas
Elrick yesterday the trial of John M.
Chretien was continued until this morn
lne When Mr. Elrlck's absence was call
ed to the attention of Judge Dunne Bailiff
j D McCarthy was sent to the Jurors
home H29 Larkln street, and found him
suffering with lumbago. A continuance
was then ordered.
Chretien Case Continued.
Mrs. Theklay Dutard - Kleinclaus
Says Deceased Held His Mil
lions as a Trustee.
A petition for letters of administration
Bpoa the estate of the late Bernard Du
iard was f.!ed yesterday by Mrs. Theklay
Dutard-Kleinclaus, decedent's daughter.
The deceased died In this city October 13,
LS6S.
Mrs. Kleinclaus' petition In fact pre
sents a new Issue in the recently Insti
tuted contest of the will of the late Hyp
polite Dutard, who left an estate valued
»t $3.0M,fX>0.
Mrs. Kleinclaus in her petition avers
that Hyppolite Dutard took charge of her
father's estate after his death and the
property supposed to be that of Hvppollte
tnuard was in fact that of Bernard Du
tard. but was hold in trust by his son.
The heirs at law of Kernard Dutard are
Mrs. Kleinclaus, I^eonce Dutard and sev
?ral grandchildren.
NEW ISSUE RAISED IN
DUTARD WILL CONTEST
City Board of Examination An
nounces Result of the Recent
Examination.
The City Board of Examination met
yesterday and adopted the following rec
ommendations for the issuance of certifi
cates to successful candidates in the re
cent examinations:-
HlKh School certificate. Miss Eleanor Hart;
prirrfary grade certificate. »*»» H" 1^. 1 ..^,? "5"
I- & a ?°S h K a . n aiS"i. M B«5-.5irp: £Ke£
1^ 1^
TEACHERS WHO ARE TO
RECEIVE CERTIFICATES
Committee Appointed to Ask City to
Provide Bstter Location for
the Institution.
The trustees of the State Normal School
have elected Miss Margaret Schallen
berger a member of the faculty. Miss
Katherine Hussey has been elected librar
ian. A committee, consisting of Judge M.
Cooney, F. A. Hyde and H. G. Dlnken
spiel, has been appointed to ask the city
to secure a suitable lot on which to place
a commodious building for the school.
During October and November two
courses of lectures will be given in the
school on Powell street, near Clay. Mr.
Weinstock of Sacramento, president of
the California Educational Commission,
will- give five lectures as follows:
Monday, October 1. at 3:30 p. m., "The Edu
cated Women's Value to Society."
Wednesday. October 17. at 3:30 p. m., "Amer
ican Youth and Its Irreverance."
Wednt-aday, October 31, at 3:30 p. m., "The
Importance ' of Cultivating in the Young the
Power to Think."
Wednesday. November 14, at 3:30 p. m., "The
Importance of Cultivating In the Youne the
Power to Observe."
Wednesday, November 28, at 3:30 p. m., "Ths
Importance of Educating th-j Ycur.jj m
Thoroughness."
Professor Elmer E. Brown will lecture
upon the general topic. "The Method of
Instruction," as follows:
Wednesday, October 10. at 3:30 p. m., "In
ftnicllon as a focial Process."
¦Wednesday. October 24, at 3:30 p. m., "In
struction and the Training To Do."
Wednesday, November 7, at 3:30 p. m., "Imi
tation and the Organization of Knowledge "
Wednesday, November 21, at 3:30 p. m. "The
Art of Teachine."
NORMAL SCHOOL SEEKS
NEW BUILDING SITE
Mary A. Eailey Demands Damages
for Slander of Her Title to
Property.
Mary A. Bailey has filed suit against
M. R. Krigbaum to recover $2030
damages for the allegred wrongful act of
the defendant Sn recording an option for
the sale oi property owned by the plaint
iff, the instrument being recorded, it is
tli^gf-fl. for the sole purpose of "slander
tr.fr the title" to the property in question.
Mrs. Bai!f>y aJIeges that she pave Krife'
hiaum a twenty-four-hour option on her
property* agreeing to sell it for the sum
cf S3SJ00O. At the expiration of the twer.
ty-iour hours she went to h!s office. ph<*
fiiieges. and canceled the option. She
thf-n opened negotiations for the sale o(
the property ar.d Krigbaum filed the ex
j!r<d option. When she called at his j
rtfice r«-frar<11ng- the filing- of the instru
ment she says he tried to exact V*>0 from
b« r. She refused to pay the sane and
: i rait.
Together with Judgment for $2500 dam
tsros the plaintiff asks for a decree quiet
!.-iS title to her property, which is located
in the northwest, corner of McAllister anil
F:!'.more ctreets.
SAYS KRIGBAUM FILED
AN OPTION ILLEGALLY
Chief of Puliee Sullivan and Captain
"VVittman. the man with the frozen feet,
;•• raonally handed the men the "man
uals." after warning: them to read the
contents carefully and not to commit an
Infraction of the rule compelling them to
remove their headgear in the presence of
the Mayor.
The patrolmen are warned not to dis
obey the rule relative to saluting the
Mayor under the i>enaltv of being de
prived cf their stars.
It was with considerable amusement
that the members of the department read
copies of the "Police Manual" that were
r.anded to them yesterday. On the first
page was printed the order compelling the
men to remove their helmets wnen in the
Presence of the Mayor. It is printed in
large type, as if to emphasize the neces
sity of paying reverence to his Honor,
und reads as tollows:
At;y officer or Chief of Police, captain ©f
r -hce or sereeart of pollc* entering the
Mayor's office thall remove hie bernlet or cap
fcn-1 ho;<l It over Ifee left br*-aet.
Officers at etatlori houses must rise ar.d pa
lute the Mayer, the Police Commissioners or
*ny officer alwve the rank cf sergeant when
Xiit-y enter.
Mounted officers when ej>oken to by the
JIayor or any suj^rlor officer inu?t dismount
and salute. I*n ealuting raise the hand smartly
until the Icrcflnger touches the lower part of
the hea4 dress abov* the eye and fingers ex
tended and Joined, forearm Inclined at about
45 .legr»e*. hand and wrist straight; then drop
the arm <jul*-tly ly the fi.Je. If uncovered the
forefinger touches the forehea/J above the eye.
Salute must be given with hand farthest from
the i>aru- taluted.
liberty to sit down, providing he is aikcd
to. but under no consideration must he
remove his helmet from his breast unless
ordered to do so by Phelan. After com
ir.bleating with the Mayor he must make
an obeisance, and with the helmet still
covering his palpitating heart he Is at
kberty to sidestep his way to the door.
:he order of uncovering heads before the
-*-ayor a^po applies to the captains, ser
t*-ants and corporals. The penalty for re
its.ng to obey is Instant dismissal from
the force.
Hereafter a policeman on entering the
Mayors offlce must remove his helmet
and place it on his left breast. On being
v* -cognized by the chief mogul he is at
When the RingHng circus reached this
city it brought among its large aggrega
tion "Billy Stewart." The Hackmanns,
still hopeful that their missing boy was
in the show, .wrote to Mrs. Weinstein and
appealed to her to go to the circus and
learn if he was their son. The lady car
ried out their wish and had a personal
Interview with the young man. He denied
that he was a Hebrew, but admitted that
he did not remember who his father and
mother were. Further admissions made
to Mrs. Weinstein and his close resemb
lance to the young man she rocked on her
knee in infancy strengthened her belief
that he was the prodigal. She stated to
Secretary White that the voung man was
enthusiastic over his work and refused to
admit his parentage, for fear they might
tako him away from the life he found so
fascinating.
It is thought that Mr. and Mrs. Hack
mann will come immediately to this city
and learn if "Billy Stewart," the clever
acrobat, is their long lost boy.
If the statement made yesterday to Sec
retary M. J. White of the California So
ciety for the- Prevention of Cruelty to
Chifdren by Mrs. F. Weinstein of 15B
KIssling street be true the star performer
is the long lost eon of the Hackmanns, a
well-known Hebrew family of Portland.
Or. Secretary White has been asked to
investigate the matter, and he has de
tailed Policeman Alexander to interview
the voung man. According to the story
told by the woman, a tinge of romance is
in the"life of the knight of the hippodrome
and rive-ringed show. Eleven years ago
he was a school boy in Portland. Or. His
parents were well to do, and indulged his
whims and wishes. A circus struck the
town one dav and along with other lads
be watched the preparations for the open
ing performance. He was so imbued with
the joys of circus life that he decided to
run away from home. He was aided in
his plan by a member of a troupe of
tumblers, who saw in him a likely re
cruit to the acrobatic ranks. The circus
folded its tents the next day and left the
city, taking with it the Hackmann boy,
who was then but eight years of age.
Every effort was made by the distracted
parents to gain information of their miss
ing boy. Money jvas spent, but without
avail. . No trace M_-ould be had of him.
From time to time the parents, who had
not given up the search for their son,
learned that he was in the East with a
circus. They sent inquiries, but were
foiled in their efforts., A few years ago
the boy, now grown and a finished per
former, appeared with a circus in Port
land, Or., and friends of the Hackmann
family thought they saw in the clever per
former the missing boy. They informed
the parents, but again they were disap
pointed, as the circus left the city before
they could cast their longing eyes on
their son.
As pretty a little romance as was ever
concocted by an imaginative press agent
has come to light through the coming of
Ringling's "biggest combined menagerie,
hippodrome and arenic exhibition of the
world." Every afternoon and evening a
handsome, musculurly built young
man, whose name appears on the pro
gramme as "Billy Stewart," dazzles the
large audiences by his clever acrobatic
work. He turr.s somersaults and makes
daring leaps with the ease and grace of
a tried professional performer and ac
cepts the applause of the onlookers with
the nonchalance of an artist.
Missing Hackmann Boy Al
leged to Be Starring as
an Acrobat.
LONG LOST SON
IN CIRCUS TENT
"Cupid" Dan forth passed out a piece of paper yester
day that entitles the Rev. Louie Hugh of Portland to wed
almond-eyed Woo Yow Ho, the belle of the Chinese Presby
terian Mission.
The Chinese Cupid has his wings bound as tightly
as the feet of a beauty of the Flowery Land. But
Louie wooed Woo according to American ideas, for he was
young and a graduate of the Drake University of Iowa. From
a friend he learned of the mission girl's charm, and letters
passed between them. When his college days were over he
accepted a call to the Chinese Christian Church of Portland.
San Francisco is not very far trom Portland, and Louie brdke
his journey here to meet Woo, in whose letters he had be
come much interested. When he resumed his journey they
were engaged.
All this happened a year ago, and to-night Louie and
Woo will join hands and hearts at the Occidental Board of
Foreign Missions, 920 Sacramento street. The Rev. Dr.
Condit will officiate.
CHARGES OFFICIAL
WITH EXTORTION
Serious Accusation Against
Constable Ahern of
Contra Costa.
A case that will probably be inves
tigated by the Grand Jury of Contra Cos
ta County was brought to the attention
of Captain Seymour yesterday. The facts
will be laid before the District Attorney
of the county mentioned with the sugges
tion that the matter be submitted for
the consideration of the inquisitorial body.
J. C. Wells, a laboring man, called at
the Warrant Clerk's office yesterday and
asked for the arrest of Constable James
Ahern of Port Costa. Wells said that he
had been working for the last two or
three years at the Cascade tunnel on the
Great Northern Railroad. He came to
the city about eight days ago and lodged
at the France House, Third and Tehama
streets. Tuesday morning he left the city
with the Intention of going to the navy
yard at ValleJo to seek a job.
He went to* Port Costa, and when he
got on the boat to take him to Benicia
Constable Ahem placed him under arrest.
He was taken to a saloon and Ahern had
a consultation with Justice of the Peace
Casey as to what charge should be placed
against him. He was in an adjoining
room and overheard their conversation.
Casey advised Ahern. so Wells declares,
to charge him with vagrancy. He was
locked up and searched. He had $242 and
a gold watch valued at $30. He took $150
in gold from a sack in which he kept his
coin and held it in his hand, as he was
suspicious of the actions of the constable,
but the gold watch and $92 were taken
from him.
Ahern came to the city Wednesday and
went to the France House, where he made'
inquiry about Wells, particularly asking
if he had stolen any money or a gold
watch there. He was informed that noth
ing was known against Wells and noth
ing had been missed. Ahern returned to
Port Costa and advised Wells to plead !
not guilty to the charge of vagrancy and
the case was dismissed. Ahern, while re
turning Wells the property taken from
him, retained 57 for his expenses to this
city and also Wells' gold watch, accord
ing to the story told by the laborer. Wells
asked why his watch was not returned
to him and Ahern said he needed a watch
and was going to keep it.
After Wells had told his story to War
rant Clerk Greeley he was taken to'Cap
tain Seymour. No warrant could be is
sued, the offense having been committed
In Contra Costa County. Wells repeated
his story to the captain, who at once
telephoned to Port Costa for Ahem, but
found that he had gone out of town. He
wanted to hear Ahern's side of the story.
"This is one cf the worst cases I ever
heard of, if Wells' story is true," said the
captain, "and 1 will write to the District
Attorney of Contra Costa, laying the facts
before him. I honestly believe that Wells
tells a truthful story. It is an outrage
for a constable and Justice of the Peace
to connive at arresting a respectable man
Just to get their fees from the county. If
the constable in this caso had only re
tained the $7 for his expenses, which was
of itself inexcusable, there might not
have been so much reason for complaint,
but to retain his gold watch Is nothing
but robbery."
event some change is going to be made in
this line which will either take the direc
tion of a change of motive power or else
in the route.
The cause of the projected change lies
in the stress of work which has been
placed upon the McAllister-street power
house. The machinery there has been
in use for many years, and owing to the
length of its motive connections has been
subjected to wear and tear which now
necessitates Us removal or replacement.
The corporation has with marked profit
converted several of its other cable roads
into electric ones, and the preliminary ex
pense once incurred, the latter are • far
and away the more economical to operate.
Only certain roads, however, can be ope
rated by electricity; these in which the
gradient is light. Should the McAllister
trolley road become a reality, passengers
will ride as heretofore on the cable road
as far as Devisadero street, where trans
fers will be given to a special line to fol
low Devisadero street tp Jackson, Central
avenue and Sixth avenue to the park. By
what route the prospective new line will
run from Central avenue to- Sixth avenue
is not stated. A saving of two miles of
rope would be effected in this way and
several minutes of time.
Another plan which has been discussed
is to cut the road off altogether at Fill
more street and issue transfers from that
point to the various park roads, the
transfers to ba good from the Flllmore
street cars.
When seen last night Superintendent of
Construction H. H. Lynch stated the
matter had been the subject of several
heart-to-heart talks among Huntington.
Vlning and himself, but that no definite
conclusion beyond the fact that a change
of some kind will be made had been
reached.
"The machinery has been called upon
by the length of cable it operates to exert
a power above its capacity," said Lynch.
"Now that it has been necessary to re
place the engines, we are trying to figure
out some way to relieve them of some of
the work, and the only way seems to be
to convert the McAllister-street road
either wholly or in part into an electric
line. Many plans are on the tapis, the
latter having received most favor. Be
yond this I don't care to give any state
ment except to say that a change of some
kind will be made. I do not think in any
event that the cable line will be cut oft*
below Fillmore street. The matter will
be taken up by the directors and action
will be taken according to their decision."
Another of the park cable roads may
shortly be converted Into a trolley line.
The McAllister-street line has of late
been the subject of much discussion
among the officials of the Market Street
Railway Company, and at the next gen
eral meeting orders may go into effect to
have the cable taken out and overhead
wires strune as a substitute. In any
Market Street Railway Officials Re
volve Many Plans to Change
Motive Power When Old
Cable Machinery Goes.
McAllister - Street Power-
House Has to Operate
Too Much "Rope."
CABLE LINE MAY
BE CHANGED TO
ELECTRIC ROAD
When He Visits a Station the Offi
cers Must Eise and Salute
Him — Other
Eules.
Chief Orders Them to Re
move Helmets in Mayor's
Presence.
POLICEMEN MUST
TAKE OFF THEIR
HATS TO PHELAN
How Rev. Louie Hugh Wooed Woo Gow
Ho by Letter in Most Approved
Fashion.
HIS BRIDE TO BE MUST
POSSESS ALMOND EYES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1900.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*° I oi o loiooioioioioioioi o To toloooooi ofoioioo
rt 8 T* ¦_> CT I S 8
¦ ¦00, " • • • i rue/ « • • ,OoCi
»og THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY. gog
§-§ Season 1 900- J 901. . Now Being Compiled, g-g
g— y Being earnestly requested by some of our most prominent ladles and m— ft
o5qM business men, we have decided to arranere the names in the next edition i?o»
CtJ ,O of The Blue Book numerically, accordlce to streets and numbers. The jp .Q
»riQ odd n um b ers on o " e side and the even on the other, giving the lndl- O-O,
S 2 vidual members of each family, also classified alphabetically. The chief p U O
P,~Q object 1« to furnish a directory* by which you can lind a name by know- Q~O
OOQ Ing the residence number, or find the residence by knowlns the name. '€>Q-O
O^,Q Owlne to the numerous chances caused | by removals, deaths, mar- j« n 6
£>°O riaijes, changes in reception days and the substitution of new num- oo °*
Q— X bers for old in the residence districts. The Blue Book this year will * ~O
«Og assume an Importance never before equaled In the history of the pub- -xOX
«<-» llcatlon. S— 8
'AOS The Club Department will contain a complete list of the leading clubs. So»
hi js giving tlie of fleers, directors and an official list of the members, with O v
S_y their business addresses. The Ladles' Clubs will be a special feature. o.Q
y u w . The work will contain a street and avenue guide, calling and address Q .M
Q~# list, theater diagrams, personnel of the press, winter guests of the lead- o~"0
6O« Ing 1 hotels, suburban , residents.' army and navy, shopping guide, Includ- o®0
<Q— if: ln« a list of the very best places to trade. Also the Street Railway Guide. <§~S
WqM arranged alphabetically, containing the various street-car routes and JtQ^
'r Q, transfer points, giving a ready reference' to any number and the car to ~ V;
P Q y, take at a glance. >«o"
g— V ADDRESS ALXi CHANGES TO £ro
g°| CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, |^|
§°g 225 Post Street, San Francisco. S^g
oo | o i o | o I o I o I o to i o I o i o I o rfo 1 o | o i o I o i o I o I o i o i o|o i o«
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
ST/\TEMEINT
—OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
NORTH GERMAN
FiRE INSURANCE COMPANY
i"|F HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
VJday of December. A. D. 1SD3. and for tha
year endlne on that day. m made to the
insurance Commissioner of the State of Cai-
lfornla, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
611) and 1 611 of the Political Code. oonden»<-J
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and MortR-aijes 571 300 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 413. Irt2 »".
Cash In Company's Office 5,600 is
Cash In Banks 13,500 +i
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,437 OS
; Interest due and accrued on Bonds
. and Mortgages 1 TS 35
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 110,736 Ik
Rents due and accrupd. Certificate of
Deposit held by United Statc-j Trus-
tees 64,432 00
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 12,625 l>i
Total Assets $734.323~jri
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid J22.210 )i
Losses In process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 23.S6O IT
Losses resisted, including expenses 8,000 uu
Gross premiums on Fire Rlska run-
ning 1 one year or Ie*s, Mft>,;»3 33;
reinsurance '50 per cent 233,2^2 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlnff more than one year. $J71,86S 03;
reinsurance pro rata 154.13143
Commissions and Brokerage duo and
to become due 34.17S 27
Total Liabilities 1175,363 61
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $604,093 47
Reretved for Interest on Bonds anj
Mortgages 4.270 Oj
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 17.701 Si
Received from all other sources 1S1 Si
Total Income JC28.202 13
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding 1 )28.947 44. leases of previous
years) , $332,623 SO
Paid or allowed lor Commission or
Brokerage 178,233 25
Paid for Salaries, Fees and ether
charges for officers, clerks, etc 13,232 il
PaM for State. National and Lncal
taxes 12.923 03
All other payments and expenditures.. 2J.C35 0i
Total Expenditures KS4.054 *;
Fire!
LOSSES Incurred during the year.... J373, 471 V.
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risksl .' : f : ?
written during the
year i $67,074,573 $358, 413 71
Net amount of Risks' ¦ ¦> * •
expired during the,
year I 56,rS.424 KO.90« M
Net amount in force!
December 31. 1SS9..) 57,S7g.O^! 738.373 44
ADOLPH LOEB. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 30th
day of January. 13C0. MARK A. FOOTE.
Notary Public.
WALTER SPEYER,
General Agent for
the Pacific Coast,
225 Sansome St.. San Francisco.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
PAINLESS DENTISTRY! ( r Z*?\
jffa No Plates Required.
OUR REMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK IS
beautiful and durable. Warranted 10 years.
Our $5 plates fit like a glove.
Our method for painless extracting Is patent-
ed and used by no other dentist on the PacMc
Coast.
PRICE LtST FOJt 3O DATS t
Painless Extraction 25c
Removable Bridgework 93 A M>
Amalgam 5Oc
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to the chtl-
dren's teeth — painlessly.
DR. R. L. \A/«LSH.
815% GEART STREET, between Hyde and
Larkln. Telephone Polk 1135.
IA/. X. HESS,
K0TABY POJI.I3 AND ATT0HN£Y-AT-I.AW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013. Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 93L
Residence. $21 California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
BpSb \ M v \ d^ 1
ISP s5££& LOST VIGOR
W%'- 5) RESTORED!
ffi^ D3. COOPER & CO.,
318 K «»»7 Street.
|^^^^fi jj ~f m r^& San Francisco, Cal.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE* HOUSES.
Catalogues anS Prlca Lists Mali3i
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Clunl>- y bd.
COAL. COKB A>D 1>I3 1KO.X
1 C W II SOV cr C A 90 ° Battery Street.
.'¦ I- W lL3Uil g LU-. Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
r W CMITH Bh! P Plumbing. Steamboat and
U W« O.!J I 111. ehlp Work a specUlty. 16 and
18 v.'anhlnsrton st. TeleDhooe Main I64L
ELECTRICAU
D. D. WASS.
. Electrical Engineer. 38 East St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
MS ROVFS fe fft Slipping Lutchers. 101
JA3- DUIC3 (X WV' Clay. Tel. Main 1ZH.
GALVAMZINa AND METALS.
Mf"g. & Deaier In Metals C: Galvanizing. JOHS
FIXN METAL WORKS. 313 Howard it.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Bert leather preserver on
earth. 2jc. Roblnrin Chem. Co.. 1163 Howard.
— METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 127-9 First St.. San l!*ranclsco.
~~ ~ ~~ OILS. ~~
LL'BP.ICATIXG OILS. LEONARD A EL-
LIS. 418 Front St.. 6. F. Phons Main 1719.
PAINTS.
Cylinder &' Lubricating Oils, Schneider's Ml.nln*
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S. F.
pwi.tr i.i i.
F r FFIfiHF\ printer.
L» C» IHJ»nC>. 511 Sansome St.. 3. V.
PRINTKWS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First St.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND I'RI.VTBS.
Ttl g c PARTRIDGE "'"gag*
\y Hill: ASU STEAM COAL, e bla^
DIAMOND COAL MININO CO.. at its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Beat Coal in th»
market. Olflcu and Yards— 139 Mala street,
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
$ OnSy a few left of those gen- "STgipiP 5"fef l^^^SH 8^j|§' Sai ' e one-third on moro on 'x
$ Uine Standard Funk & Wag- IPS *" n Jkd *^2(|J$fi Jour Winter Overcoat- *
g. nail's Dictionaries at $5.40. SiSSfSSSSSSSS^SS^^ g \l S O^^^SfSSS ||
I Extra Friday Speciais. |
K Mr f or All-Silk Satin Duchesse— Out $1 ?8 for Laa ''es' Vici Kid Lace $
£ regular 85c quality, extra heavy, superbly s r l> *^ rW Shoes— New coin toe and kid tips, •{
»£ finished, good wearing fabric; complete line of de- silk vesting tops, flexible sole, an up-to-date style X
»£ sirable colorings. in all s ; zes; price regularly $2.00. x
I r 151 $2.00 White Marseilles $L28 f or Ladies' Tan Vici Kid Ox- j?
% *r y *^ U Spread— Heavy reversible satin finish, 7 , , rorti— Vesting top, new com toe, hand- x
§ full size, 21 yards wide; the very special price for tu ™ ed soles, all sizes and widths. x
$ Friday only 13c for Children's 25c Hose— An lm- •{
S -_ _ _ _ r - v ., ~ ~ ported ribbed stocking, real Maco Cotton, 'x
K 17 C for ?°y« Golf -Yacht Caps-Oar Hermsdorf black, a dressy and excellent wearing '5
$ New York buyer just sent a pick-up of 15 hose. 3c
g dozen; colors blue and red, worth from one-half in for 25c McXInl&y Medallions— x
5 more to double to-day's special prica. > *-"- Splendid picture in colors of President Me- "5
f 14r for 20d a " a 2 . 5c R ' : bbons—2dQQ Kinley, 4 inches in diameter, with gold rim; can be $
j >rn " yards of 4 i inch all-silk taffetas, in a com- worn or hung on the wall. 3c
w plete assortment of colors and 100D yard3 of all- £j c for La Feiicidad Havana Cigars— %
% silk black satin and gros-grain ribbon; a big special Made to sell at 2 for 25c; 10,000 on sale J
JC for this day only. . , Friday and Saturday. S
* Millinery Specials Boys' $5 and $6 Suits Children's Specials *
I .w.n£M£KJ££«ud '«" Tw ° "W Fpr Friday Only, g
*•* lot for winter wear at big reductions »*7T\ Jast sent out to us. Babies* Basket^ — An assorted lot of -^
S* from regular prices. ° i**V«. about two hundred Babies' Trimmed Ba3ket 3, soiled in di3- *^
tf $2.50 Aigrettes, to-day $t*OO y! f $5 and 26three-pieco p'_ay; a small lot only: 'x
*>* SI. 25 Winqs. to-day GOC yf*e3s^ suits fcr boys 10 to $5.00 Baskets to-day $2,5Q *.
£ Black Hat— Fine Al'-Biack Hat, trim- • /<tS^W\ 15 y« are °* ag*. $6 Q-> B5>fc»t.«. to-day $3.OC **
5 med with velvet, fancv quill and buck- /^ |fll\ round-cornered ssck Children's Wash Cresses — Ths X
* lea, silk bow on hair, a va'oe f<r / / T \\\ coat, single or double 'ast of our Children's Wash Dresses .J
!£ $10.50, special to-day only.... $8*50 ( (j h \\\ breasted ve*t, knee for ag=>3 1 to oyeara, all tha: are now -J
X ' ¦ n \V^<CHl Vnant' with double left; they were $1.00 and $1.50; your *U
X $7a5O, $8m5O f $9*5O , / jN^Tseat and knees, made cho.ee to-diy SOO X
$ Silk Waists on Sale 1 // f of ar-wooi fabric* in ;,
g To-Day $4,95. JJ\ iZl^l\Jn^ Special Two-Day Sale 5
i f& i Another lot of new Wh by effiCt3 , fancy F anC y VQStS. §
£> V^fi bargain Silk Waists, / I carsimere; these ** X
K Y$£ black aid co'ored. a / H 'handsome, pert ct- One-third tjng- .. .%
h VlJp ereat variety; jast Ja _ 1} _fc2> fitting suits are effer- ™ar prices. Ihisof- (f?Z : . \ %
5 tough* them and had ~^^^ cd for Friday and fer f . or ., two /*?* f\rrj. O\ 'x
* J$jmm\ take all, but we Saturday only on y. Friday and hat- Iflftt >S\ X
i oBHk^ss^JSSs ==-==$3.95 g£?*~ /|i% I
X .//W $7.50. $8.50 »nd $9.50; Special Sale Latent sty e double- fcflnitltS *
X <i \ to-day and to narrow Rf*ri<Z To-OSM breasted, with or Vt^t|r?H4^
* - X a'.l at one special price **eUS B O-UBy* without collars new. Iggpit J>t±&f %
K ' handsome patterns; KSELtTT^XM *
% $4.95 - >$^ o , E . n J m : tod3 7 a^ to-mor- feggwt^S/ *
£ $1.OO,"$1.SO, $2.00 and $2.50 &_X I X_J I4 ffef? n* ThS^ri 5
6 Fancy Undersliirls for 69c— fS>T Jrf~Sc Q '^ h^ Z ™ rtM x
ft* Lawn, ianey cotton nroreen. p : qa) and (^^^J^r*^^ ' ¦ wide, cood Offm '^
K gingham, jast to clean up the stock ' 'acqner "*
J all tc-4ay at. 693 bras, ' -» - - -2
g Eccond Fioor-Front. Uf^^^^^j knobs; sp e- Carpet Speciaffs. j$
tt Friday Offerings, f\t fr* ci ? 1 ? $1 25 Aimlnstcr Carpcts-Weii %
£ Groceries and Liquors. W^^- E^Z*?wVa1° T "elected styles and colorings; onsn»- £
» Mackerel-Fancy Shore. to7i^ nn T^ Ujrth.sd*- cial S a eat 9Sn X
K 4 fish 25c J G3 25 Ta ? e3trv Brussels Carpets— Tne 60. ,
$ HeVring-GenuineimporteiMichnen. ™"-; "-' !V '7 , "I S5c S"de J n all tha standard ,J
S white fid fat, to-^7. ..S fish 2 5o Folding Bed, goldet oak finish, make?; on sale to-dav-... X
* Bent's Water Wafers -To-dav doub e ply. ~-"~ T ' T~r?TZlZ? ¦¦WJ*| X
Jb* 9 tin*:4.5r> ¦ <£^^ T^ 7oc Ingrain Carpets— Stn;t!y alt ;»
I Salmon-Little "Commodore." fancy a ' M , £&&£ \w%%\\ extra heavy, handwmede^ci •{
i r»d =almcn to-dav 2 tins 25c mattreS3 » ~Ws¥ 11= t LtfcT\i and colorm S 3; on special sale to-dav...
£ Van Houten's Cocoa- ib tins arranged bo TUjj, . t|l -^-V^dT t ""\ n"T""T: »~GOo X
\ 20c as to tfrht- Yjr—^— J^T^i < Linoleums— Best quality made. heaT/ •£
X Shredded Wheat Buscuit-i o-day e n if neces- Vr^^ 2^ 7^!^ ' and durable, 12 feet wide, none bet- >
*: 2 packages 25c °1 ;^V, "=J\-<$ ter; per square yard 8O0 X
Z> Coffwe— Our best Mocha and Java sary> orna " ! C3h 2C^^^ ffe X
%' 3 lbs $1*OO mented with >./£ | — •"•"- — *-, 'V * On x
*: ' Port "of : Sherry-Fins 6-year-old a French- ' : i®\&5&2L © r^^^H^P %
ft wine, our $1.50 quality, to-day plate mir- I \J~ ~-~L - ' * ' O-USy tfrt.-y $>l.T5m &
*• pen gallon $t. 13 \ S^/J i - ZfttBi * ,"; Several hundred A-l-Wool Smyrna '2
J. White Wine-Pure and well a^ed, to- ror « °° 8 P e - -^*r —3 Rugs. 12 different patterna, all of them ?
j^ day ....pen gallon 39 3 cial saIe t0 - II I . ... ,_¦*¦¦? I reversible, siza 60x30 inches, hanisomely X
» Kentucky Bourbon— 6 years o d, day, Friday fringed on both ends, nn extraordinary . 5
h full quart bottlei, that are regu'arly gi'SG TR special purchase, are offered -^^ •--• TT
jf $1X0, to-day 75c ~ &B&m£0 for this day only, each §1*75 X
."Rainier," the only beer on, the Pacific
Coast that received a medal at t^e Paris
exposition. •CAIiXFOKNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. D. C.. Sept. 20.-H.
Lewis and wife of San Francisco are at
the St. James. "A. G. Maginnls, R. G.
Lane, wife and mother and Miss L. C.
Senbaugh of Los Angeles and Victor D.
Solomon and Mrs. G. C. Gridley of San
Francisco are at the Raleigh. J. "W.
Bhiveley and "Miss . Bhiveley of Los An
geles and J. W. Hart of San Francisco
are at tlto Rlsrza.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's>. 510 Mont
gomery at. Telephone Main 1M2. •
Cal. clace fruit 50c p«»r tt> at Townsends.*
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CANDT AS A 1IEDICINE-E. 3. S..
City. There Is no local lic^nsa impnse^ on
the* manufacture of randy that is to be
used solely for medicinal purpose.
THE BEAR— A Reader. T,lvermore. Cat.
"The Bear" is a revenue cutter, at present
In Alaskan waters. Sh« may in a nhort
time run down to Seattle, but Is not ex
pected at San Francisco.
CURLEW-A. N.. Oakland. Cal. There
Is no law in California that prevents th*»
hunting and shooting at any time of our-
Icw. An effort will probably be made a >
tho next session of the Legislature w>
place curlew on the list of prot»ctei bird*
We arc to have another disgraceful exhibition of
what practical politics should not be. The Demo
crats will hold another primary "election" on Friday.
Sharkey, it is said, threatens to open a saloon and
retire. If he would do both a public, subscription
might not unwisely be encouraged.
Residents of Novato appear to be in need of a
guardian. They refuse to bring Chinese malefactors
to trial because they won't believe a Chinese under
oath.
Roosevelt is rapidly running himself into a position
where he may need discipline. He is unwilling to
believe that Bryan was correctly reported because
his speech reads like arrant nonsense. It was gener
ally believed that Roosevelt knew Bryan.
Managers of the national Democracy feel aggrieved
that men of money in the party are not coming for
ward with the cash. The mourners should remember
that Bryanites do not believe in raising the wind that
way. Their leader still has his Iung9.
It is safe to say that in at least one household of
San Francisco Cupid will hereafter be barred from
the kitchen. As an agent for ptomaine poisoning'the
little fellow appears to have been something more
than could have been desired.
Another serious blunder has been committed in the
trial of Peter McGlade. A few more errors and the
blunderers may find themselves stumbling into jaiL
Mayor Phelan ought to get that library idea out of
his head. After that unfortunate park lodge affair
has come the fading of the South Park venture. His
Honor's forte is distinctly not literary.
Tn dishonoring his promise to advance teachers by
the priority of service plan President Mark of the
Board of Education has placed upon his word its
correct valuation.
A notable illustration of the large .way in which
the characteristic generosity of the American type of
human nature works is to be found in the action
taken by many of the great manufacturing or mer
cantile firms having extensive business relations with
the merchants of Galveston. Recognizing that in the
wreck of their homes and the ruin of their business
hardly any considerable number of Galveston busi
ness men would be able to meet their obligations, the
New York Commercial suggested a general extension
of credit to all the firms of the stricken city. The sug
gestion was at once adopted, not in New York only,
but in other cities, and from the reports that come to
us it appears that ample time will be given for Gal
veston to get upon her feet and resume business be-
WHATEVER be the faults of the American
people, they have none of those defects which
arc made manifest by a lack of sympathy with
others in distress, or by niggardliness in" responding
to any appeal for help. The appalling disaster that
has befallen Texas has afforded an' opportunity for
displaying the magnificent liberality of our people in
every part of the country, and in no single section has
the opportunity been allowed to pass unheeded.
AMERICAN GENEROSITY.
Attention has been called to the possi
bility that it may fall to the lot of the
next President to effect a complete reor
ganization of the Supreme Court of the
United States during the four years be
ginning March A, 1901. The statement has
also been made that seven of the nine
Judges now constituting tho court may,
if they choose, leave the Bench within
the next four years. The following table
effectively disposes of the latter assump
tion, unless It is made on the unlikely
supposition that Justices Brewer. Brown
and White may resign before they are
entitled to retire on full pay:
COMPOSITION OF THE COURT.
Date of
Date of appoint-
Aame— birth. m^nt
John M. Harlan ISM 1177
Horace Gray 1S2S i«si
Melville W. Fuller IS33 1S8 ,
David J. Krewer...... 1S37 {%%$
Henry R Brown 1S3(! 1^
George Shiras Jr 1&32 \%y*
Krtward D. White 194.1 j^J
Pufus W. Peckham 1S37 ->^
Joseph McKer.na 1543 {^j
It will be perceived that Justice Grav
is the only member of the court who a"t
this writing is entitled to retire on full
pay. The law is' that a Justice must
have held his commission as such ten
years and havo reached 70 years of age
during his service to be entitled to re
sign with pay.
Tinder this rule Justice Oray can re
tlro ar.v time he feels so Inclined while
Chief Justice Fuller and Justices Har
lan and Shiras may do so within the
next four years.
Justices Brewer. Brown and Whlt«»
although thrlr terms of service would
entitle them to resign with pay during
the next administration, will not be 70
years of age until Mr. McKJnloy has
completed his second term or Mr. Bryan
his first.
But tho possibility that the appoint
ment of four Justices of th*» Supreme
Court of the UnitPrt States may fall to
the lot of Mr. McKinley's successor Is
enough to render the election 'of Wil
liam J. Bryan Impossible. It is a pos
sibility before which every conservative
element In the ration recoils.
It is safe to say that William Jen
nings Bryan will not be intrusted with
the responsibility of selecting succes
sors to Chief Justice Fuller and Jus
tices Harlan. Gray and Shlras Im
agination falters as it contemplate-i the
utter incapacity of Mr. Bryan for the
task of preserving the high charaeter
of the Supreme Court of the United
And yet the reorganization of thu
SE^HSSSd:' h ' 3 PCt Pa3slon »-Ch!cago
BRYAN'S DESIGNS ON
THE SUPREME COURT
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge W. H. Hatton of Modesto is at the
Lick. . ,
Dr. O. S. Trimmer of Pacific Grove Is at
the Grand.
Judge S. F. Geil of Salinas City is at
the Occidental.
C. C. Van Liew, a school principal of
Chico, is at the Lick. .
Senator Thomas Flint and wife of San
Juan are at the Palace.
j. -vy. Fargus, a Santa Cruz attorney, is
registered at the Grand.
J. I. McConnell, banker at Woodland, is.
quartered at the Occidental.
¦\V..W. Chapln, a prominent merchant at
Sacramento, is at the Palace.
R. W. Carvill, an extensive mining man
at Salt Lake City, Is at the Grand.
G. F. Trenwlth, a prominent merchant
at Santa Barbara, Is stopping at the
Grand.
George S. and E. B. Waterman, oil pro
moters at Bakersfleld, are at the Occi
dental.
H. W. Turner of the United States Geo
logical Survey is stopping at the Occi
dental.
Joseph A. Chanslor, owner of extensive
oil wells at Coallnga, is registered at the
Palace. r°v
George W. Chandler, an extensive lum
ber dealer'ln Santa Cruz, Is registered at
the Lick.
S. L. Kline has been called to Corvallls.
Or., by the serious illness of his father.
L. G. Kline.
J. A. Fillmore and J. H. "Wallace leave
to-day for a pleasure and business trip as
far as Dunsraulr.
Rev. and Mrs. M. C. Dotten of River
side are spending a few days in the city.
They are at the Occidental.
J. McElfresh, high chief ranger of the
Foresters, is in the citv for a few days
and is making his headquarters at the
Grand.
Thomas M. Walsh, well-known in New
York commercial circles, is in the city for
a few days, with headquarters at the
Palace.
Miss Charlotte Corlette has gone to New
York to join tho Bostonians. Her sister,
Mae Corlette, has been a member of that
company for several months.
Carlos Lest and jwife are at the Occi
dental. Mr. Lest is a railroad manager at
Ocos, Guatemala, and has ccme to San
Francisco with his wife on a pleasure
trip. ". : . ;
Mr. and Mrs.C. G. H.'McBride of San
Jose are stopping at the Palace. Mrs.
McBrlde was formerly Miss Lux, daugh
ter of the junior member of the firm of
Miller & Lux.
J.' T. Metcalf, Superintendent of the
Postofflce Money Order Department at
Washington, D. C. was the jjuest yester
day of the postofflce officials of this city.
He was entertained at the Cliff and park
and last night was escorted to the thea
ters. Mr. Metcalf will remain some days
in this city, looking into affairs connected
with his branch of the service.
T. Iwamura and J. Fujlmura of Japan
afo at the Occidental. Mr. Iwa
mura is chief secretary of the Kioto
Chamber of Commerce in Japan. During
the China-Japan war he wan a military
judge. .He is of the opinion that the pr»s
ent, uprising in Japan will eventually ro
sult in the establishment of a government
for the common people similar to that In
the United States. Mr. Pujimura la a
cotton manufacturer. Both are on their
way home after an extensive tour of tho
United States.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
THE FIRST QUARREL.
The Bride (from Chicago)— This Is my
fourth bridal tour.
The Bridegroom— Well, I hope it will
b<j your last one.
The Bride (bursting Into tears)— You
selfish thing:— Town Topics.
SHALLOW.
The youth Is beside himself with Joy.
"Don't tell me thirteen Is an unlucky
number!" he cries. "After refusing 1 me
twelve times, my darling:, upon my thir
teenth proposal. ha3 accepted me!"
For ourselves, we have been married
several years. We think his recovery
very shallow and inadequate. But we say
nothing —Detroit Journal.
REFRAINED.
Old Hi— I thought that 3ilas* proJlgal
son wus goln' t' be kicked out agin when
he cum back?
Old SI— He wud have been, on'y Silas
found out that he'd been to Cape Nome
an' made a fortin 1 in gold. — Syracuse Her
ald.
THE PECULIARITY
"The Chines© language is very pecu
liar."
"Yes," answered the •worried looking
man with the newspaper. "When you
hear a word pronounced you can't spell
It and when you see a word spelled you
can't pronounce it." — "Washington Stax.
DESPITE the efforts of the Kansas City conven
tion and Mr. Bryan to make, the fantastic
concept of "imperialism" the paramount issue
of the campaign, the sound common sense of th-i
people is not to be deceived. Even among the stal
wart Democrats who left their party in 1896 because
of the Chicago platform, and who would be glad of
an opportunity to return to it, there are many who
refuse to be deluded by the new issue. Among
these men is William B. Hornblower, whom Cleve
land once nominated for the Supreme Court of the
United States, and who is one of the most eminent
Democrats of New York. He has heard all that can
be said about imperialism, has read all that Schurz
and Cockran have to say of the "deadness" of free
coinage, but he remains convinced that Bryanism is
as menacing to the country to-day as it was four
years ago.
In a letter just made public he announces a deter
mination to vote for McKinley and Roosevelt, and
says: "The same reasons which compelled me to op
pose Bryan in 1896 compel me to oppose him in the
present campaign. All heresies, financial and Popu
listic. which were embodied in the un-Democratic
platform of i$o6 are readopted, without an attempt at
modification, by the Kansas City platform. The 16
to 1 plank is expressly reaffirmed and redeclared, and
this at the instance of Bryan himself. I cannot sup
port a candidate who still adheres to a proposition
winch, to my mind, is a monstrosity, and which, if
carried into effect, would, in my judgment, produce
untold disaster to all classes of the community and
bring dishonor and humiliation to the nation."
The view taken by Mr. Hornblower is that of a
majority of the intelligent people of the United States.
The discontented elements of the country support
Bryan to-day solely because they are convinced he
represents all that the Chicago platform declared.
He has himself given them every reason for such a
conviction. He has accepted the nomination of the
Populist party and of the Silver Republican party,
and pledged himself to their platforms. He has been 1
as vehement in denouncing the courts and govern
ment by injunction as ever he was. His denunciation
of imperialism is mixed with repeated indorsements
of all the worse features of the campaign of 1896. He
is,, in fact, as dangerous now as ever, and his election
would, as Mr. Hornblower says, "bring dishonor and
humiliation to the nation."
AS HORNELOWER SEES IT.
THE RECEPTION TO KAMN.
r~** ONGRESSMAX KAHX has as good reason
i to be gratined by the warmth of the reception
given him by his constituents and friends of
the Continental League on Wednesday evening as
they have by the ability and fidelity with which he ha?
served his district, his State and the nation in Con
gress. The occasion was a happy one in every re
spect, and is an illustration that even in campaigning
a popular and genial candidate can have something
of genuine pleasure as well as work.
Mr. Kahn's career in Congress has as yet been too
f hort to show the full merits of the man. No member
of the Hou?e can achieve a brilliant success during his
first session, nor accomplish very much by individual
cuort. It is for that icason that experience in Con
gress counts for so much. Nevertheless a member
who is willing and faithful in the performance of
committee work, who gives ready and earnest help to
his colleagues in all that offers to advance the welfare
of the State and the nation, can accomplish results of
great benefit to his constituents. That sort of mem
1'cr Mr. Kahn has been, and as a consequence his
friend? can proudly point to a record of legislative
work that attests his fitness for a Congressional career
and his right to expect a re-election at the hands ol
his constituents.
In a brief review of the legislation with which Mr.
Kahn was associated in Congress, and which was in a
considerable measure due to his earnest and able ef
forts, the chairman of the evening referred particularly
10 the appropriation for the Federal quarantine sta
tion at Angel Island, appropriations for other im
provements not only in this harbor but elsewhere in
the State, the grant of Government contracts for army
si-ppiics to California manufacturers, the exclusion of
Chinese immigration from Hawaii, and the movement
in Congress which led to the edict of the Japanese
Government restricting Japanese immigration to this
country- The*e are examples of the measures which
Mr. Knhn was strenuous in advancing and by which
lie demonstrated his keen interest in all that concerns
the welfare of California and the interests of her
people.
Since Mr. Kahn his thus proven his ability and his
fidelity in Congress, lie should by all means be re
elected. The experience he has now acquired will be
of vast advantage to him hereafter, and in his second
term he will be able to render much more important
fervice to his constituents than he has done in the
pa«-t. At present he is in line of promotion in com
mittee work, and with each succeeding session his in
fluence in committee and on the floor will increase.
If he be rejected at this election and a new man
chosen, the voters of the Fourth District will once
more have in Washington an inexperienced represen
tative, and. moreover, one ;vho can hardly be expected
to equal Mr. Kahn in zeal, eloquence, fidelity and
business capacity.
The people of the Fifth Congressional District by
repeatedly re-electinpr Mr. Loud have now the satis
faction of having their representative at the head of
the important Committee on Postofiices and Post
roads. The voters of the Fourth will do well to profit
by the example. They have in Mr. Kahn a represen
tative capable of minjr to the front rank of parlia
mentary debaters — one who is known to be thor
oughly loyal to the jrreat principles of the Republican
party and devoted to the welfare of California. He
should have in this contest the vote of every Repub-
Tioan and of every independent voter in the Fourth
District.
quired from the sovereign owner as one of
the fruits of war.
In ir.y humble judgment. Presidential
elections come too often, as we no sooner
establish a policy which brings or main
tains prosperity, than those out of office
sock to overthrow it and oftentimes seize
upon false issues and employ Insincere
argument for the purpose of prejudicing
the voter. Our duty i3 to our country
first and to our party second. No change
in the policy of the Government should be
made unless it is apparent that pome
abuse Is to be corrected or som- material
advantage to be gained. It is the duty
of every American citizen, whether he be
a Republican or a Democrat, to sustain
the President whenever he is enforcing
our rights given by a treaty solemnly
ratified by our Senate. The President in
his administration should not%attempt to
feel the popular pulse or cater to the
whims and caprices of theoretical states
men, but administer governmental affairs
from a standpoint of constitutional right,
preserving property interests and dis
charging our obligations to other govern
ments as Imposed upon-us by the law of
nations when we assumed the sovereignty
over the Philippine Islands.
I cannot see how the election of Mr.
Bryan to the Presidency will bring any
more prosperity to this nation, and, as
his election would be a repudiation of Mc-
Kinley's Philippine policy, which I favor,
and of the treaty with Spain, the ratifica
tion of which Mr. Bryan favored, I there
fore must withdraw my adherence to the
Democratic party and cast my allegiance,
for the present campaign at least, with
the Republican. Yours very truly,
"W. H. DEVLIN.
Sacramento, Cal., Sept. 14, 1300. ¦
KANSAS C1TT JOURNAL— Although
public sentiment is constantly becoming
more liberal toward the theater, there 13
at this time, and there doubtless aiwajs
will be. a preponderance of this sentiment
against immoral plays.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— The President
well defines the issua in the Philippines
as cne between duty and desertion. There
should be little doubt as to tho choice tha;
will be made by the American people.
INDIANAPOLIS JOURNAL— President
McKinley suggests that If the Democrats
would only practice as well R3 preach the
doctrines of Abraham Lincoln republican
institutions would be in no danger. The
point is well taken.
BROOKLYN EAGLE — The miners c'.aira
that they are splendidly organized ana
well equipped with funds. Their conten
tion is that they cannot easily be starved
cct. History, .however, has set itx f.ice
against them— if they win they will es
tablish a precedent.
BUFFALO EXPRESS— The same per
centage of Republican loss . and Demo
cratic gain in New York, as compared
¦with lSlrti, that occurred in the Maine and
Vermcnt elections wouM still .eavo th«*
Republicans a plurality of over 20o,<M>.
DENVER NEWS — We can have no ter
ritory outside of the constitution unless
we change the American form of j;ovont
ment, and it is tha: change :u»th; fofxa
of government which is called "imporial
lsm" and which is opposed by every tnu»
American who realizes whither it mu •
lead.
CLEVELAND LEADER— If the griev
ances of the Pennsylvania miners are as
represented they are entitled to the sym
pathy of every man who loves justice arid
equity, but Mr. Bryan ought not to piay
the demagogue by trying to make politi
cal capital out of that strike.
BOSTON TRANSCRIPT— We do not re
call any purely political paper of recent
years which has nad such a wide reading
and has produced such a strong impres
sion as the President's letter of accept
ance. Not only are the wisdom and abil
ity of the writer apparent to all, but. far
more effective than these, his belief that
he is right stands out clear and strong.
ST. LOUIS STAR— The Daughters of the
American Revolution have arrived at tho
conclusion that there is some work for
them to do in the public schools, and.
strange enough, they have made the dis
covery in the State of Massachusetts,
where every town has Its public library
as its most conspicuous building and
where education is supposed to be Im
bibed with mother's milk.
NEW YORK MAIL. AND EXPRESS—
One of the queerest things about tha
Southern States is that they believe in
Republican policies and yet vote the Dem
ocratic ticket. What the South needs is
an absolute divorce from, her political
prejudices.
LOUISVILLE COURIER-JOURNWL— It
Is well known- that the Courier-Journal la
not in sympathy with the proposition tha:
we shall surrender the Philippines to any
faction of Filipinos or to anybody else.
We do not believe that should be done
and we do not believe it will be done.
OMAHA BEE — The Democratic party
controlled the executive and legislative
branches of the Government durins the
first half of the second Cleveland admin
istration and did nothing against the
trusts. 'What reason la there for placing
any confidence In its present promise*?
PHILADELPHIA RECORD— It depend
upon the American manufacturer alone
whether he shall secure the trade of for
elRn countries by strcnRthenlng the ad
vantage, -which the excellence of his goods
has plven htm in many markets.
PHILADELPHIA TIMES-ilalne ami
Vermont teach the lesson to both sides
that while the Democrats are mucii
stronger than they were In l£>i the Be
publicans have no tidal wave agatr.^t
them: and the jrreat national contest of
1P00 Is to be fought out in a hand-to-haml
struggle.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN'— The spon
taneous responses of the public to th*
appeal for aid for Galveston Is a strons
evidence of the fact that the people of
this nation "stand toppther" Just as well
in bad times as In pood.
CHICAGO TRTBt'NE— VV> cannot go
away and abandon tho Philippine Islands
to anarchy and tribal warfare. We might
as well talk of letting the Indiana return
to their ancient methods of self-govern
ment.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
UNREGISTERED CITIZENS,
J\A ANY a man who would be loud and vehement
/ \ in denunciation of the Government if he were
disfranchised by law is seemingly willing to
disfranchise himself through mere indifference to the
value of that privilege for which he would be willing
to fight if he were denied it. The day for the closing
of registration is near at hand, and still a considerable
percentage of those who are legally entitled to vote
have neglected to place their names upon the roll of
voters.
It has been suggested that many citizens are un
aware of the fact that all voters must be registered
this year, that prior registration counts for nothing
If such be the case if will be worth while to repeat
again what all should bear in mind, that all registra
tions prior to January i, 1900, have been canceled.
The law requires every citizen to register if he desire
to vote at the coming election. There is no exception
to the rule.. If you have not registered since January
1 you must do so before September 26 or forfeit your
right to vote.
It is difficult to understand why any one should be
indifferent to the issues of the State and of the nation
that are involved in this contest. Upon the one side
is a party upholding the existing order of prosperity,
and upon the other is a powerful coalition of the
forces of discontent — silver men, Populists and Demo
crats, combined to assail the foundations upon which
that prosperity rests. The fiscal system of protection,
which sustains our industries, and the financial sys
tem, which gives stability to our currency, are alike
subject to attack. How can any intelligent man b;
indifferent to such issues?
There are many thousands of voters yet to be reg
istered, and but a few days remain in which registra
tion can be effected. There is sure to be a great rush
on the closing days, and some who wait for the last
day. may not be able to register at all. • The thing is
up to you. Have you registered? If you have not
you would better make good use of to-day.
EDITOR San Francisco Call: I be
lieve that a nation which Is success
ful In war should compel the one
which Is defeated to bear tho ex-
W. H. Devlin Gives His Reasons in a
Statement to The Call.
pense Incurred in the warfare and
the detriment suffered to property Inter
ests, and that, therefore, both as a mat
ter of precedent and as Inherent ri&ht,
our Government was justified by treaty
with Spain in acquiring the Philippines,
ana further that the fact that some at
the native tribes In some of the Islands
woro In rebellion against Spanish author
ity at the time, even assuming that the
Government of Spain had been oppres
sive, did not give to them tho right to
continue the warfare or wage new war
fare asrainst the United States, as the
latter had never been guilty of oppression
toward them.
Tho Philippines are now In rebellion
agalnsk the authority of tho United
States, and, for my part,' I believe that
this rebellion should be crushed, and
that, until the authority of our Govern
ment is recognized, no negotiations to
ward peace should be had. By acquiring
the Philippines we have undertaken new
responsibilities and are liable to the gov
ernments of the world for the proper
preservation of property rights and main
tenance of good government. In my judg
ment, this can be brought about at the
present time only by the authority of our
Government being recognized and re
spected.
"Wh'ether or not it was the wisest thing
from , a business standpoint to pay the
Spanish Government $20,000,000 bonus for
the transfer of the Philippines is no con
cern of the present. The question now is:
Shall we put down a rebellion against our
authority rightfully acquired and recog
nized by all the world, or play the cow
ard, send our troops home, leave the
property interests of our citizens and
those of foreigners which we are obli
gated to protect by virtue of assuming
sovereignty, to be looted and destroyed
by a rebellious force, the leaders of which,
instead of being inspired In the cause of
liberty against tyranny and oppression,
are inflamed and crazed with a lust for
power and dominion?
I favor the continuance of the war until
thi? authority of the United States Is rec
ognized from one end of the Philippine
Islands to the other, until every rebel has
laid down his arms and until the islands
are thus completely pacified, no negotia
tions of any kind should be had with the
Filipinos and no promises held out to
them. The cry of imperialism does not
influence mo In the least. It is uaed to
prejudice the unthinking voter and blind
tho judgment of those good but nils
guided citizens who fall to observe the
distinction between the acquisition of ter
ritory as the result of war and the estab
lishment of colonies as a matter of foreign
policy. The American people will never
favor imperialism as rightfully under
stood, but at the same time they will
never consent to the abandonment of ter
ritory rienttully acquired by treaty regu
lation with the sovereign owner.- No
Government can be rightfully accused of
Imperialism in putting down «. rebellion or
Insurrection In territory rightfully ac-
PROMINENT SACRAMENTO DEMOCRAT
DESERTS BRYAN FOR MCKINLEY
THE . SACRAMENTO ATTOR
NEY WHO LEFT THE BRT
ANITE RANKS.
FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 21, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
I'lBLICATIOK OrFICE..Mnrkft «nil TUIrd. S. F.
EDITORIAL nOOMS....2J7 to 221 Stevenson St.
Trlrplmnr I'r^ua 2O2.
DfllTrrrd »»? C«rrl«r«. 15 Cent* I»*-r Week.
Single Cople*. !» Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Including Vantntz**
CAIVr CALL. Onc?u<5!r.e Eur.dar). one rear t*M
DAILT CALL <!nclu<3!ne Funday). « month* *.*W
DAILT CALL, (includlnc Sunday). I montfca 1.59
DAILT CALI^— By E:ng!e Mcnth «5e
FCNDAT CALL One Tear *•»
WEEKLY CALL One Year !•<»
All postmasters are authorized to recetr*
¦nbaerlptlon*.
Eajsple ccple* »:-' t*- forwarded wbm requested.
c-AKi.AMi OFFICE HIS Ilroadvray
GEORGE . C KROGNESS.
t/er.eger Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
<L«n£ DUtance TelephcDe "Central 2611")
l!t:i subscribers In oraertns rfca r.ge of address should h#
particular to clre both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
u> :&cure a proicpt «nU correct compliance with their request.
KETV IORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTCN' Herald Square
NEW T0$K REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMiTH 3D Tribune Building
NEW TOBK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Aetoria Hotel; A. lire&taat. Si Union Square;
Murray HU1 Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eberrsan Hocce; P. O. News Co.; Gre«t Northern Hotel:
rremoct Hcuse; Auditorium HoteL
WASHINGTON 'D. C.I OFFICE KC5 G St.. N. W.
WCRTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
tillAXCI* OFFICES -E*7 Monttorr.-rr. <-orc»r of Oar. open
cctJi t SO o"clock. 300 Hayes, open until S.2 1 ) o'clock. €JJ
McAl!iFt«r. open until 8:3J o'clcck. «15 Larkln. open until
• :30 c'clock. :s« Mission, cper. until JO o"clock. 2261 Market,
tcrr.cr Sixteenth. < pen until » o'clock. JOSS Valerias*, open
or.f.l 8 o'clock. IOC Eleventh, open until 5 o'clock. NVV* cor
r.*r TKfnty-jfmrd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
COLONEL. BRYAN occasionally lapses into
humor. When the dispatches from Kansas City
announced the ovation to Hill in the national
convention and that Hill shook his head, Colonel
Bryan said, "There was probably a fly on Mr. Hull's
nose and his hands were engaged, so he had to shake
it off."
His newspapers have been in a state of exaltation
and exultation over the accession of Richard Olney
and William L. Wilson. They were members of Mr.
Cleveland's last Cabinet. They were Gold Demo
crats. They were believed to be influential with the
Gold Democracy. Colonel Bryan's managers have
been most anxious to secure the alliance of the Gold
Democrats. To do this they have snubbed silver and
spat upon the Kansas City platform, and promised
that Bryan will fall down and worship the gold stan
dard and all its works. This was gratifying to the
Gold Democrats who desired to affiliate. They fe!t
flattered. Their importance was recognized and they
became objects of attention as soon as they abandoned
their wicked backsliding and went into probation
again.
It was working smoothly, and Chairman Jones,
Secretary Walsh, Editor Abbott, Coin Harvey and
Buck Heinrichsen were pleased to welcome the wan
dering sinners home. There immediately appeared
to the Bryanistic mind's eye a charming vista, hung
on either side vrith electoral votes as thick as Chinese
lanterns at the feast of the dragon. At the farther
end were the bubbling fleshpots, full of burgoo, racks
piled high with fodder and cribs bursting with corn
for the fattening of the lean kine. Timbrel and psalter,
banjo and bones, sweetened the air with the notes of
victory, and at the hither end of the enchanted lane
entered the head of the procession, every man untying
his gaberlunzie to replace it with the raiment of
luxury which hung further on. From the farther end
of this day dream conld be seen the rear guard of the
conquered, scowling back at the conquerors, shivering
in anticipation of the zude blasts that were combing
the blear landscape over which the outs and the
ousted must march to Salt River. Just as this ecstatic
vision was at its height, and Richard Olney was seen
marching arm in arm with Altgcld and William L.
WilsQti was receiving ;i lesson in finance from Calam
ity Weiler, and the scene was staged in all its happi
ness and magnificence, unfortunately Colonel Bryan
was seized with the hee-haws. He had an attack of
humor. His vast versatility took possession of him.
That levity which made Nero indulge in ragtime while
Rome burned, that lack of sense of the sober fitness
of things which made George II, when notified of the
death of the King, his father, and his own accession,
exclaim "Dat is von tamm lie," overcame Colonei
Bryan. His day for humor arrived and his lighter
vein must be indulged. He had curbed it since that
fine conception of a fly on Hill's ncJse, but what is
bred in the bone must come out in the flesh. Colonel
Bryan cannot always do tragedy. He must have a
chance at comedy, even if the republic is in danger.
His opportunity came at a reception by the
Nebraska Bryan Club of Chicago. It is made up of
former Xebraskans, who were frightened away from
that State by Bryan's picture of calamity that fell- upon
it like a pall. Mr. Martin V. Gannon, who has given
eftice a chance to hunt him and has wig-wagged and
megaphoned it, unsuccessfully, in Iowa, Nebraska
and Illinois, is president of the club. He introduced
Colonel Bryan to the throng that hung upon his
words. Then Colonel Bryan opened his mouth and
the store of pearls mixed in the proportion of one
pearl to two personal pronouns, first person, singular
number, poured forth, like ribbons from the jowls
of a conjurer.
He said: "Great changes are taking place. I am glad
to meet here not only those who were with me in the
early days, but I am glad to meet some who. were
against me in the early days. I find here persons who
voted against me in 1896 and I am glad to meet them.
I have a forgiving nature. I am perfectly willing to
forgive all who voted against me in 1896, provided
they bring forth works meet for repentance. I am
glad to get back the Gold Democrats who wandered
away. If I had known so many were coming I would
have made arrangements to have had manufactured a
large number of candy fatted calves, to give to those
returning as evidence that the prodigal is welcome at
home." There now is elevation of thought and re
finement of humorl Olney and Wilson might have
had a candy calf, a sugary, succulent, sweet and sac
charine calf, to suck if they had only given notice
afar that they.intended to arise and go to the house of
their father, Bryan. What a dignified welcome to the
returning statesmen! What a high estimate of their
reasons and their usefulness 1 How gratified they
must be that they return not to a party, not to a com
pany of men agreed upon some great principle, but
to "me," Bryan.
If this jocund state continue and this effervescent
humor grow, it will be dangerous to trust Mr. Bryan
in the White House. The picture of the father of his
country in the great East room will laugh its false
teeth out on the floor, and his stately spouse will de
range the "do" of her hair in cachinnation. When
Mr. Bryan walks abroad "Jackson, sitting his rearing
horse in ramrod uprightness, will drop the reins to
slap his verdigris thighs and haw-haw 1 While
Lafayette, near by, will drop his well sustained grav
ity and with his bronze slats tickling will shout,
"C'est a rire."
For their reward Messrs. Olney and Wilson /must
take the satisfaction of being the cause of this irides
cent, opalescent, pungent, penetrating and irresistible
sally. Let the resources of the confectioner be drawn
upon at once to reduce it to sugar. The season bf the
fatted calf is on. Children cry for 'cm, and no re
turned Gold Democrat should be forgotten.
THE CANDY CALF CANDIDATE.
fore there will be any call upon her for payment of
money due.
In all this splendid showing it is gratifying that San
Francisco stands among the foremost cities and Cali
fornia among the most generous States in responding
to the call for help. Our people recognize that their
abundant prosperity should render them helpful to all
who arc in distress, and accordingly the contributions
thus far made compare well with those of any other
community in the United States.
- There is one feature of the calamity that must not
be overlooked. The early reports from the disaster,
instead of being exaggerations, are now known to
have fallen far short of the full extent of the loss.
Not Galveston only but all the Texan coast has suf
fered. The latest estimate gives the total number of
deaths at about 12,000, and the value of property de
stroyed is calculated to exceed $20,000,000. It is
clearly 110 time to let up in the relief work. Make
yowr contributions liberally and promptly. California
has. not yet done all in this dread emergency she
should do.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1900
CAIilFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Sept. 20.— w. J. Whitman
of Ban Jose Is at the Netherland: T. W.
Burke of Los Angelea Is at th<3 Xether
lanC
EARMARKS OBLITERATED.
Gladys— Papa, do you suppose that the
Parisians will understand my French"
Papa— I can't say. Gladys; if yon sjK>ak
French as fast as you speak EncIIsh th«- % y
won't even know it Is French.-Indlanap
olls Journal.
6
Tlroll— vrfcest/?
Colombia — "Th*> Ft>'l«" and "ICapoleoa'a Guard."
Alhambra— "Ship Ahoy."
California— Grand Ojvra, Sunday night, September 23.
r »rr)hPU m —Vau d«> vl I le.
Oran4 Ojv^ra-hou!" 1 — "Quo Vadi* "
Alrazar— "The (Vidow*a Husband."
Olympia, corner Mason and Bddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo ar.d Theater — Vautit-vIIle every afternoon and
•nejiin-. a
Flacber*a— VaadevOle.
RingTlng Bw.' firnu. Fixtcfnth and Folaom Ftreets.
Ph^rmin-Clay Hall- Pong Ilrcital, Saturday evening, Sep-
tember 23.
Futro Bath? — Ojvn r.Ishts.
Tanfnran I'ark— The Great Fair, September Zi to October 6.
Race?. Oakland Trai'k— Saturday, September i2.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
— -FOR
AND
DR. E. MARKBREITER
OP CHICAGO,
HON. JULIUS KAHN
HON. E. S. SALOMON '
WILL. PRESENT THE
ISSUES OF THE CAMPAIOX
AT
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING
Under the Ausr>ic«s of tfca
GERMAN AMERICAN REPUBLI-
CAN CLUB.
Mr. Chaa. Bundschu "Will Prw.Ji.
Dr. Markbreiter Will Addxcaa th« Ms«tiac
In German.
at.T. ARE WELCOME.
ROBERT w v.i ¦frvp >
President Qensan-Amtrlcaa Republican CSsb.
GEORGE STONE,
Chairman Republican Btata Oatrai Cbmaltto*.
HOTEL DEL. CORONAPO- Special rammer
f«tn still in effect at this beautiful eoantry
home, where »ummer and winter are one. A:
4 New Mont^pnerr Btreet. San Fr»nc!sco. ret
rates with special round-trip summer Uckrt.One More Gas Case.
¦ S. Mori, a Japanese servant in the em
ploy of Mrs. Lizzie Carpenter, 1626 O'Far
rell street, was found dead in bed yester
day morning. Gas was flowing from a
broken Jet, and in the opinion of the Cor
oner's, deputies death was due to acci
dental asphyxiation.
A. Gerberding & Co. of 222 Sansome
street are about to largely engage, as the
agents of the Union Feed Company, Lim
ited, in the exportation of hay and feed
to the Orient and to Hawaiian ports other
than Honolulu. They have recently com
pleted the construction of warehouses at
Fifth and Berry streets. They have had
plans drawn for new buildings to bo
erected at Honolulu at a cost of about
$50,000. .
The public Interest in these operations
LARGE OPERATIONS IN
HAY ARE IN PROSPECT
process for compressing hay so that a
ton can be put in a very small space. As
the price of transportation by steamer is
generally based on the space taken this
condensation of fodder involves a great
saving of freight i money, and, con
sequently, will be largely advantageous.
Mr. Gerberdinff believes ' the California
farmers will make money raising hay.
resides in the dernand which Is Implied
for California feed In China, the Philip
pines and Japan. . The military operations
in China and in' the Philippines bid fair
to continue some time and there will be
a. large demand for feed for the army
horses during that period. The German
Government's array of horses, .which al
ready aggregates 2500, is constantly get
ting larger, for agents are still purchasing
in all parts of California. The demand for
supplies for the Russian and German ar
mies la expected to be very large.
Mr. Gerberding said yesterday that the
outlook for - all ' raisers - of hay in Califor
nia was good. He did not anticipate that
the price of hay would be raised, but he
believed that, there*, would be a sale for
very large quantities. His company has a
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Branch Hydrographtc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, CaL.
September 20, 1900.
Time Ball.
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the. tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the das-, the third time column the third tids
and tha last or right hand column gives the
last tide, of the day, except, when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to tho soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus *lgn (— ) precedes the ¦ height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
FRIDAT. SEPTEMBER 21.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE. — Tho high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height, of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO ARRIVE
TO SAIL.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Report of
SPRING TERM EXAM
INATIONS, 1900.
AMEEICAN POLITICAL
PABTTES.
EXCELLENT.
Theresa F. Johnson, Hotel EL Nich
olas, corner Market and Hayes Btreets,
Ban Frarcisoo.
Adela J. Ballard. 1312 H street. Sac
nmitito.
Charted MePermott. 429 Eureka street.
GOLDEN" AGES OF LITER
ATURE.
EXCELLENT.
Adela J. Ballarf. 1912 II itreet. Sac
ra ir*»nto.
Kinma C. Ijisr. 1"~ Sixteenth avenue.
South San Francisco.
Charles McDermott. CO Eureka street
J. B. Gurley, Cato«>lla. Cal.
BIOORAFHICAI* STTTDIXS
FOB GIRLS.
EXCELLENT.
Rhcwia M. Ballard. 1312 H street, Sac
ramento.
Adela J. Ballard. 1913 H street. Sac
ramento.
TWENTY LESSONS IN
FBENCH CONVERSATION.
EXCELLENT.
Elizabeth HenrtcuUe, TSO Stevenson
strtrct.
I^eonnle Phell. 531 Greenwich «trf"«"t.
Miss Marie Smith, 515 Buen* Vista
avenue. Fan FrancUco.
Frieda Schulz. 1173 Mission street.
Ethel Brown. 705 Capj> street.
Ella. Benjamfn. 234 San Fernando
Btr^t. San Jos«».
Mm. Emma P^ser. 2331 Clay street.
LU11* Ellis. :«7 Twenty-fifth strecf.
Brother Virgil de Marl*. Sacramento
Institute. Twelfth and K streets. Sac
ramento.
Orlle H. Case, 103S Sacramento
street, San Francl3CP.
Mrs. Stephen J. Sill, •¦Slllvlnjten,"
Winters, Cal.
Helen A. Grant, GarfleU avenue. Ala-
Mrs. M. C. Hushes. 113 ThlnJ street,
Pan Francisco.
Mary F. Doyle, Woodslde. San Mateo
County.
Josephine T. Lenhart. M1U Valley.
Marln County.
Gertrude I>. Feath»rstine, lJCo-i De
vlsadero street, ?-\n Francisco.
May J. Foorlano. 525 Filbert street.
Cora Wentiei. 320 Twelfth street. San
Francisco.
Mrs. William P. Pratt. Eureka, Hum
boldt County.
Earla A. Smith, Dellwood Place.
Napa.
Laura S. Hoeber. 2030 Golden Gate
avenue, San Francisco.
Mrs. D. W. Johnson, 3 South Erod
erlck street.
Mrs. C. M. Sutphen. 530 Tenth street.
Oakland.
Mrs. C. H. Gray. Albion Hotel. At
lantic City. New Jers»y.
Virginia Tomast. Bodega, Sonoma
County.
¦ Maurice Harrison. 2CC1 Clay street.
San Francisco.
Mrs. E. C. Ward. Wadsworth, Ne
va rta.
The German transport Samoa began
loading horses for the Orient last even
ing. She will take away in all about 750
animal!* and will be the pioneer of a fleet
that will carry' Kaiser Wilhelm's cavalry
horses from here to China.
The river Meatner Zlnfandel picked up
the Mare Island cable Wednesday morn
ing and all telephone communication with
the Island was stopped. The steamer lost
many of th« bla.des of her fantail and had
to lie up for repairs. . v
The big steamer Horda has arrived from
Newcastle, Australia, with a cargo of
coal. It 13 said that she will Join, the Ger-
Water Front Notes.
Tho Bretagn*?, now out 171 days from
Antwerp for San Francisco, carries B per
cent, and the Alex McNeil, now out 140
days from Port Blakeley for Fremantle,
8 per cent reinsurance.
The British ship Heathbar.k, now out
146 days from Rio de Janeiro for Newcas
tle, Australia, has been practically given
up as lost. The reinsurance on her is now
JKTper cent.
The San Francisco owned ship Wachu
sett Is now out ISO days trom Newcastle,
N. S. W.1 for Kahulul. Hawaiian Islands,
and 70 per cent reinsurance Is being paid
on her. She also Is practically given up
8S lOSt. ; •:' -. ;;
Overdue Vessels.
The gasoline launch Lucero went up the
Sacramento yesterday with an ark In tow.
George A. Knight's Athlete also accom
panied tbe outfit. It is the intention of
the skippers to have a duck hunt that will
extend throughout the season, and a rlsht
royal time is expected. Charley Fair will
be th& hort, and among the guests will be
Tod Sloan, the jockey; Joe Harvey, the
Sausallto bookmaker, and George A.
Knight and Mr. and Mrs. Fair.
Charles Fair "Will Entertain.
The American ship Cyrus Wakefield,
that was purchased a few days ago by the
Government, will sail for Seattle in a few
days. On the Sound she will load coal for
Manila, and on her arrival at that point
with her cargo she will be dismantled and
turned Into a coal hulk. It was at first
Uncle Sam's Intention to send her down
with horses, but coal for the fleet la now
the main desideratum, and the "Wakefleld
will be turned into a hulk to help out on
tho proposition.
Will Be a Coal Hulk.
Captain Brandenburg, who brings the
Herodot Into port, was formerly chief of
ficer of tho Tanis. He was also here in
1861 in the s-hip Count Louis, and has
therefore a number of friends here- Chief
Ollicer E. Moller has quite a string of rel
atives In San Francisco, so his visit to
California is sure to be a plea»ant one.
Captain Brandenburg says that after tho
encounter with the Indians he decided not
to try Smythe Channel, and so stood out
to sea. Very heavy weather was encoun
tered from that on to Coronel, but after
that the Herodot had fair weather to port.
The next day two of the Tierra del Fue
gans boaJded the Herodot and asked for
something to eat. Soap Beemed to bo a
delight to them, and when Captain Bran
denburg gave them two or three pieces of
the scented variety their joy knew no
bounds. They'ate it an inch at a bite and
rolled it under their tongues as a sweet
morsel. The ordinary washing eoap that
comes in long bars was eaten with relish
by the other men in the canoes, and had it
been possible to utilize It the whole land
of Tierra del Fuego could, have been
bought for a case of common, ordinary
washing eoap. .
"When an anchorage was made a double
watch was set, and it was well for all
hands that Captain Brandenburg took
such a precaution. The Indians crept up
when all hands were supposed to be asleep
and tired arrows aboard tipped with tow
and lighted In the fires kept constantly
burning in the bow of the canoes. Had
there been no lookout the Herodot would
have been burned to the water's edge and
looted, but as It was, no harm was done,
es the crew turned out and extinguished
the fires.
Tho latest vessel to run the gauntlet was
the Kosmos liner Herodot. She was on
her way here from Hamburg and made
the long voyage in 102 days. When the
steamer passed Sand Point on the west
erly entrance to the Straits of Magellan
a gale was blowing. Captain Branden
burg knew his way, however, and the big
liner went along as though nothing was
out of the way. Everything went along
without incident until the steamer was
within a few hours' sail of Smythe Chan
nel. Then a number of canoes showed up
on the starboard quarter as the Herodot
was slowed down tor the night.
fcBDraalERRA DEL FUEGO seems to be
g^ lending a whole lot of interest
§ to the passage of the Straits of
J. Magellan. "The Land of Fire"
seems to keep up Its name, as
every native who leaves that inhospitable
shore carries In his canoe a "fire" that Is
rover allowed to go out. Once extin
guished, tho men and women who live in
the frail bark are likely to die, but alight
and In good working order the small flame
has proved a menace to many a good ship
that has essayed the passage of the
Straits of Magellan.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MOODYVILLE— Arrived Sept 20— Bark Bea
KlnE, from Honolulu.
NAGASAKI — Arrived Sect 19— Bktn John
Smith, from New Westminster.
Fnlled Sept 13 — Br Btmr Port Stephens, for
Seattle. "
HOYAL ROADS— In port Sept 20-Bark Sea
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Sept 20— Stmr
Sequoia, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND-Salled Sept 20-Schr Melanc
thon. from Port Harford; schr Louis, for San
Francisco; stmr Rival, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Sept 20— Bktn
Planter, for San Francisco.
BRISTOL BAY— Sailed Auff 26— Bark Cory
phene, for San Francisco. Sept 2— Bark Nicho
las Thayer. for San Francisco.
. UNALASKA— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Portland,
for St Michael.
S RATTLE— Arrived Sept 20— Ger bark Bertha,
from San Diego; U S stmr Lawton, hence Sept
11; stmr Mackinaw, hence Sept H5.
Palled S*pt lrt— Bark Theobald, for San Fran
cisco.
, T7MPQTJA— Arrived Sept IS— Schr Lily, hencs
AU£ 31.
WESTPORT-Salled Sept 20— Stmr National
Cltv. for Westiiort.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Sept 20— U S
etmr Lawton. hence Sept 11, for Seattle.
Arrived Sent 20— Schr Columbia, from Mahu
kona; schr Wm Bowden. from Honolulu; schr
A M Baxter, from San Pedro; Ger Bhlp Henri
etta, from Haniburz. /
PORT nLA KELEY— Arrived Sept 20— Schr
Commerce, hence Kept 5.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 23— Schr Re
porter, irora Honolulu; schr Philippine, from
San Die;o.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 20— Schr Mary
Bulme, hence Sept 11; schr Maxim, from San
Dieso.
Sailed Sept 20 — Schr Occidental, for San Fran,
clsc&j Btmr Eureka, for San Francisco. '
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 20— Nor stmr Eva,
from Comox; Br ship Halewood. from Honolulu;
stmr Dfl Norte, from Coos Bay.
Sailed »ept £0— Schr Pioneer, for San Fran
cisoo; i>tmr Columbia, for San Francisco; Nor
stmr Tyr, for Port Arthur.
SAN PEDUO-Salled Sept 19-Stmr Iaqua, for
San. Francisco. Sept 20— Schr Orient, for Port
Gamble.
Arrived Sppt 18— Stmr Sunol. hence Sept 15.
Pept IP— Sr.'hr I>aura Madsen. from Grays Har
bor. Sept 20— Schr Fanny Dutard, from Port
Hadlock.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Sept 20-Ger ship Altalr.
NUSHAGAK— In port Aug 31— Ships Tacoma,
Oriental, S X Nicholas, Bohemia. Sen-la and
Indiana ; barks C B Kenney and W W Case;
Etmrs President and Kvlchak!.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived Sept 20— Schr
Newark, hence Sept 13. •
Sailed Sept 20— Stmr Navarro, for San Fran
cisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 20— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco. ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per Btmr Thistle— Sept 9, lat .62 50 N, Ion
151 10 W — Bark Chas B Kenney, from Bristol
Bay, for Saji Francisco.
Sept 2, lat 45 N, Ion 14 W— Ger ship Osorno,
from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia,
Per stmr Thistle— Sept 1?. lat 40 4 N. Ion 123 CS
W — Schr Glendale, hence Sept 9. for Tacoma.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 20. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 10 miles.
Fchr Mary C, Campbell. F"ort Ross.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, Howens Landing.
Schr Dauntless, Smith, Wlllapa.
Schr Robert R Hind, Hellingscn, Kahulul.
Schr San Buenaventura, Holmberg, Grays
Harbor.
Thursday, September 20.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson, .
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson, San Pedro.
Stmr State of California. Gage, Astoria.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Hark Amy Turner. Warland, Hllo.
Fr bark La Bruyere. LasaKe, Queenstown.
SAILED.
Thursday, September 20.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, Chcmalnus; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Nor stmr Tltanla. Gulllkeen. Nanalmo; John
Roeenfeld's Sons.
Bark Amy Turner, Wayland, Hllo; Welch &
Co.
Schr. Robert R Hind, Helllnfsen, Kahulul;
Alexander £z Baldwin.
Schr Falcon, Thomaa, Salinas Cruz; C A
Hooker & Co.
CLEARED.
Bark Tidal Wave, Llebic. 7V4 days from Ta
coma.
Schr BalnbridtTe, Bauman, 7 days from Fort
Blakeley.
Schr Challenger, Anderson. 7 days from New
Whatcom.
Ship Spartan. Polite, 8 days from Seattle.
Thursday, September 20.
Stmr W H Krugrer, Krojr, IS hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Thistle, Pederson, 14 days from. Bristol
Bay.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 hours from
San Diero, etc.
Stmr Crescent City. Etockfleth. 33 hours from
Crescent City.
Ktmr Whttesboro, Olsen, 13 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Glpey, Leland, 27 hours from Monterey.
Ger etmr Herodot, Brandenberer. 102 days
from Hamburg, etc. via San Diego 2 days.
Nor stmr Norda, Svendsen, 40 days from Port
Kembla, Aub.
Ship Eclipse. Larsen, 20 days from Xushagak.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The Ariel loads lumber from Tacoma to Syd
ney, Bis 3d; the Coaltnga. wheat to Callao; the
George Curtis, merchandise to Honolulu; the
J. B. Leeds, redwood from Eureka to Mexico;
the Ijoudon Hill, wheat to Europe, 40s 9d.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
man fleet and carry horses to China for
the Kaiser.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 20— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, for Hamburg; stmr La Lorraine, for
Havre; stmr Barbarossa, for Bremen.
Arrived Sept 20-Stmr St Germain, from
Havre.
LtVERPOOL-^Arrlved Sept 20— Stmr New
Enrland, from Boston.
Sailed Sept 20— Stmr Cambroman, for Mont
real.
BREMEN— Arrived Eept 20-Stmr Lahn, from
New York, via Cherbourg.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr Auguste
Victoria^ from New York, for Hamburg.
LONDON— Arrived Sept 20-Stmr Michigan,
from New York.
.Sailed Sept 20— Stmr Manitoba, for New York.
•NAGASAKI- Sailed Sept 20— Stmr Port Steph
ens, for San Francisco.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept M— Stmr Kaiser
¦Wllhelm der Grosse. from Bremen, for New
York.
QUEENSTOTVN— Sailed Sept -id— Stmr Rhyn-
Iand. from New York, for Liverpool.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Sept 20-Stmr Rotter
dam, for Boulogne and New York.
GENOA— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr Trojan Prince,
from New York, via St Michael and Naples.
L1ZAKD — Passed Sept 20— Stmr Le Bretagne.
from Xtw York, for Havre.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
King, from Honolulu; Ger bark Bertha, from
Ban Dleso.
HONGKONG— Arrived Sept 19— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Aur 21.
COLON 1 — Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Alliance., from
New York.
Sailed Sept 17— Stmr Advance, for New York.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Sent 18— Br ship
Thistlebank, for San Francisco.
THE KOSMOS LINER HERODOT THAT ARRIVED FROM HAMBURG YESTERDAY. THE OFFICERS OF THE
STEAMSHIP TELL. A THRILLING STORY OF NARROW ESCAPE FROM THE TERRA DEL FUEGANS IN
THE STRAITS* OF MAGELLAN.
The fashions were transmitted In a curi
ous way. Dolls, or pui»pets. as they were
called In the eighteenth century, were at
tired in the prevailing mode and were sent
to the various court3 of Europe. Aft»r
a while, they were sent to the colonies
from town to town and- from house to
house. Quaint advertisements were placed
in the newspapers stating when these
fashion dolls would be on exhibition. At
the stated hour the belles of the place
In 18G0 there was in England no system
of Government education, and as late as
1313 half the children never saw the Inside
of a school. The education of the poor
was entirely the work of private charity.
The education of a gentleman in 1S00
would to-day be considered a very poor
affair— a smattering of Latin and Greek
and a full course in dancing and gal
lantry. With noble ladies the course was
still more superficial, ceasing entirely at
14, when tho dissipations of fashionable
society were entered. In America, on the
contrary— In New England especially— the
women had better educational opportuni
ties than tho men, not so much In tho
schools as In tha time for horn© study.
During Jefferson's administration (1SO1-(W>
colleges and universities were established
In almost every State. In 1SO« five col
lege students who were . unexpectedly
caught in a storm united in an impromptu
"haystack prayer-meeting," the outcome
of which was the first foreign missionary
society. in America. Delegates to other
colleges kindled the . same spirit, and
shortly afterward tho American Board of
Foreign Missions was established. The
American Bible Society was also founded
about this time. By the beginning of the
nineteenth century. Methodists, Presby
terians, Episcopalians, Roman Catholics,
Friends and Unitarians had Independent
organizations flourishing under the first
constitutional amendment, which states
that "Congress shall make no law respect
ing an establishment of religion or pro
hibiting the free exercise thereof." The
remainder of the amendment forbidding
"the abridgment of tho freedom of
speech or of the press" was one of the
foundation stones upon which the success
of our Government was bullded. In Franco
the freedom of the press was alternately
permitted and repressed; in Germany,
nred by the French Revolution .of 1S4S.
the Teutonic demands for a free press
found expression in street riots, while In
England less than 100 years ago news
papers were taxed 4 pence a copy, osten
sibly to assist in the payment of Nie ex
penses of the Napoleonic wars, but in
reality to render them too costly for the
poor and thus control their anticipated
evil Influence over tho masses.
With the establishment of free press,
free church, free schools and increased
traveling facilities neighborhood Jealousy
and prejudice gradually disappeared, to
gether with that coarseness and brutality
so painfully common during the eight
eenth century- It was no longer consid
ered seemly for ladles, lawyers. Judges
and Kings to interlard their conversation
with the fashlonabl- profanity. Popular
opinion gradually ceased to sanction the
impressment of seamen, the maintenance
of raval and military discipline by the
lash, the torture of criminals and the
daily domestic beating of wives and chil
dren. As the century wore on many piti
able laws were annulled, drunkenness
was no longer viewed as a matter of
course and many cruelties consequent to
the general intoxication disappeared.
In America the evolution of society is
especially worthy of Btudy. developing
from unusual conditions along the same
general line of progress which has char
acterized the advancing civilization of
other countries. When it became possi
ble for the people of America to exchange
heroism for the homely routine of dally
life society as wo now understand It prac
tically did" not exist, for it was In a form
ative condition. It was but natural that
independence in political feeling and the
ever-changing conditions of home life
should permeate all social relations and
level forever class distinction. Although
owing its very existence to the absence
of an inherited nobility, social conditions
In the infancy of the republic labored un
der the disadvantage under which It still
suffers, that of having no permanence,
being at the beck and call of politics,
trusts, wealth or culture — sometimes a
gregarious mass of all these controlling
forces, or with special traits predominat
ing according to local conditions.
In 1S00 the entire population of the
United States was about e^ual to the
present population of Pennsylvania.
Thomas Jefferson had just been elected
to the Presidency and journeyed on horse
back to the capital, 1 which had been re
moved the preceding year from Philadel
phia to the District of Columbia. Our
handsome city of Washington "was then
a strange conglomeration of splendid
buildings, half finished, and wretched
huts." Washington's death had just
plunged the country into the deepest
grief, which found curious expression In
a deluge of mourning designs and lauda
tory mottoes printed, embroidered,
stamped upon china— pictures of the pa
triot's tomb and other funereal emblems
hanging upon every wall. Not until the
administration of President Monroe did
the local quarrels and varying politics at
tain any harmony: then the "era of good
feeling" set In in earnest. Aristocratic in
birth, Jefferson nevertheless took gTeat
pride In the assumption of that democratic
simplicity which Is proverbially associated
with his name. He abolished the state
carriage, liveried servants and public
levees Inaugurated by Washington. His
dress was ostentatiously plain for those
days, when the attire of the men fre
quently surpassed that of the women In
richness; pantaloons were substituted for
breeches and leather strings for buckles.
While many of the people followed In the
lead of their chief executive, others de
plored his ultra-republican simplicity,
averring that "with small clothes and
breeches the high tone of society de
parted."
Washington had had some difficulty
with this Spartan contempt for conven
tionalities. The never-to-be-forgotten pa
triot. Patrick Henry, declined several
Government positions, declaring severely
that his plain habits of life rendered him
unfit to associate with those who were
aping the ways of monarchy. As a rule. :
however, Washington had Rreater diffi
culty in curbing the reactionary love of
finery which was but the Inevitable out
come of so many years of repre?sion and
hardship. During his second term the
French Revolution was working out Its
terrible destiny and had sent to this
country as its representative Citizen
Genet who was enthusiastically received
by the Americans. At the risk of hi.i
popularity Washington preserved the
strictest International neutrality. Ho
could repress the wearing of cockades,
dancing around the red-capped liberty
pole and the singing of the carmagnole,
but he could not stem th#» adoption of
French fashions, which continues down to
our own day. In spite of the disgust of
conservative Americans, empire dresses
with low corsage and scant skirt were
eagerly worn. The men more slowly re
linquished the picturesque colonial dress
which so well set oft "V\ aahlngton's man
ly bearing for the French mode, but after
a twenty years' struggle they succumbed
to the pantaloons. At the time of the in
troduction of these garments they were
worn tight-fitting and let into the shoes.
A gentleman of ISOO, after describing at
length the miseries which he endured
when wearing the boots of the period—al
beit he demeaned himself as though ho
were "a carpet knight .capering upon ros«
leaves"— concludes the description of his
attire with the following: "The panta
loons (over which I wore the boots) were
of non-elastic corduroy. It would b© un
just to my tailor to scy that they were
fitted like my skin: they sat -a great deal
closer. When I took them off my legs
were like fluted pillars, grooved with the
cjhrds of the pantaloons. 1. ¦
Despite the excruciating pangs Incident
to the adoption of fashions from France,
we are Indebted to the people of that
country for m.nny of our most comfort
able customs. To them we owe the estab
lishment of public baths and an Increas
ing love of personal cleanliness. They also
brought into vogue mattresses and high
bedsteads, the use of tomatoes, salad oil
and many dainty, appetizing dishes, bon
bons, the use of musical Instruments,
piano, clarionet and violin, and the cus
tom of entertainment by orchestra and
concert. Many rich brocades were made
after French patterns for the inaugural
balls and for the Philadelphia assemblies
Instituted in prerevolutlonary days and
still an annual social feature in the City
of Brotherly Love.
XI.
(Concluded.)
President Madison and his vlvaefotia lit
tle wife re-established th« Presidential
levees inaugurated by Mr. and Mrs.
¦Washington, and to this day these stat*
functions still furnish a fund of anecdote
and delightful legend during each admin
istration, and are distinctive features of
the kaleidoscopic society at the capital.
Naturally custom and fashion swayed
from one extreme to the other during th>i
unsettled days following the close of the
Revolutionary War, but within twenty
years after the founding of the republic
the country had entered upon the devel
opment of that career which ha3 becomo
its most distinguishing feature. During
the transitional period Inventions, com
merce, education, agriculture, every In
dustry received a marked impulse anil
home comforts became rapidly more nu
merous. The use of coal, at tlrst employ
ed for repairing the highway, came to be
more generally understood. Franklin's
stove, called by a friend "Franklin's little
demon," began to replace the hospitable
"clean-wingd hearth"; carpets wero
spread in the middle portion of the room,
around which the proud owners" mad**
stealthy progress lest their footfall*
might mar the beauty of their new pos
sessions. Books, always prized In the col
onies, became more abundant and more
helpful, especially after Franklin estab
lished the first circulating library. This
wise statesman was also the first Post
master General and greatly perfected the
mall facilities. Thus In the peaceful dav.-»
nearly a century ago the art of gentlo
living, assisted by the great wealth of
Southern planters and Northern business
men, found ample opportunity for devel
opment.
Much care was bestowed both by men
and women upon their church attire, th*»
result In most Instances being a meeting
garb that, judged by modern standards,
was slightly eccentric. For instance,
aprons were at one time considered fash
ionable adjuncts of tlress. Women wore
them proudly to the Arch-street Presby
terian Church; Puritans added them »n
shades of scarlet as an offset to their
sad-colored gowns, and even th«» F*riend*
complacently added this touch of blue or
green to their dove-colored raiment.
"Whatever the attire. It was completely
shallowed up by the hlgh-harkpd. box
phaped pews whose -uninviting appearance
is best described t>y the ejaculation of
the nineteenth-century child who exclaim
ed when first taken to service In an old
fashioned church, "What! must I be shut
up In a closet and sit on a shelf?" ThfP>>
shelf seats -were hinged and could bf»
turned up against th^ "pups" or "pits."
Quite the most exciting scenes In tho
primitive churches occ\:rrrd in the "hoys*
pue." a high gallery remote from oth^r
worshipers. wherein our great-great
grandfathers defied the vigilance of thft
tithing man and of th* special guardians
appointed by the meeting. As late as 1S4.">
these "devil's playhouses" were In exist
ence in Connecticut: by that time the nat
ural remedy of returning the miscreants
to the family pews occurred to our dis
tracted forefathers, then the wicked ceas
ed from troubling en masse and Individ
ual turbulence died out of loneliness.
frathered at the milliners', drank their tea
from a "cheny" cup. ate the tea leaves
dressed with butter and vivaciously dis
cussed the new fashions. Upon their re
turn many instantly discarded the his?
towering headdre33 t or the "Queen 9
nightcap." familiar to us in the pictures
of Martha Washington, and resolved
forthwith to dress their hair in the stylo
of the Goddess of Liberty; then the
rage in France. When the attire of these
dolls became too antiquated for further
circulation the "Flanders babies." so
called because the fines»c were made in
Holland, were graduated from tho show
room to tho nursery, where they queened
it over thair homemade brothers and Bis
ters. These battered fashion dolls were
as eagerly coaxed for by the little maids
of 1S0O as are discarded fashion plates for
paper dolls by the children of to-day.
At the beginning of the century gentle
men invariably wore their faces clean
shaven, after the manner of the Gibson
men of to-day. Tho ««men, however,
bore little resemblance to their more ro
bust kindred of the nineteenth century. In
our great-grandmother's day a premium
seemed to have been put upon delicate
health or at least upon the appearance of
it. Young girls then were cloth or velvet
masks and other paraphernalia to pro
tect their sensitive skins from tan. W hen
wo read that little Mistress Payne, after
ward Dolly Madison, went to school ar
rayed in Il a white linen mask to keep
every ray of sunshine from her com
plexion, a sunbonnet sewed on her heart
every morning by her careful mother
and long gloves- covering the hands and
arms." we feel that there are some com
pensations for the healthful outdoor life
of the sunburnfd golf-playlnc girl on the
threshold of the twentieth century.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
COmPARflTIVE STUDIES OF TU/O CENTURIES.
THE .SAX ' FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1900.
Indians Attempted to Fire the Herodot, but the
Vessel and Crew Got Away*
NARROW ESCAPE FROM
THE TIERRA DEL FUEGANS
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
A CENTURY OF SOCIAL LIFE AND INFLUENCE.
7
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Iaqua Humboldt Sep. 21, 6 pmJPler 2
North Fork Hum koldt Sep. 21. 9 ami Pier 3
[.aknifl Humboldt Sep. 21, 5 pm|Pler 2
Coqullla R. Grays Harbor Sep. 21, .. pml
Empire .... Coos Bay Sep. 21, 12 m Pier 13
N. Mani China &- Japan Sep. 21. 1 pm PMSS
Santa Bosa San Dieso Sep. 22, II am Pier 11
G. Dollar.. Grays HarborlSep. 22
Eureka ... Humboldt Rep. 22, 10 am Pier 13
Umatllla .. Victoria Sep. 23, 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 24, 2 pm Pier 2
Coo^ Bay.. Newport Sep. 24, 9 am Pier 11
Czarina ... Seattle [Sep. 24 Pier 6
Columbia .. Portland ISep. 25. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ... Humboldt ISep. 25, *2pm Pier 9
Rival WUlapa ISep. 28, 5 pm Pier 8
Corona San Diego ISep. 26. 11 am Pier 11
Arcata .... Coos Bay Sep. 27, 12 m Pier IS
Bonlta .... Newport Sep. 28, 9 am Pier U
•
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
I
J. S. Kimball..lCape Nome Sep. 21
Robt. Ailnmson. IXanaimo Sep. 21
Iaqua Newport ..... Sep. 21
Moana Australia Sep. 21
Matteawan .... Taeoma Sep. 21
Eureksi Humboldt Sep. 21
Tellus Oyster Harbor Sep. 22
Czarina Seattle Sep. 22
Columbia Portland Sep. 22
City Rio do Jan China and Japan Sep. Ti
Grace Dollar.. .(San Pedro Sep. 22
Coon Bay lNewport Sep. 22
Washtenaw Tacoma Sep. 23
Willamette Seattle Sep. 23
nival Willapa Harbor Sep. 2i
St. Taul Cape Nome Sep. 24
Corona San Diego Sep. 24
City of Puebla. Victoria Sep. 21
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 24
Areata Coos Bay Sep. 25
n.irracouta. .... Acapulco Sep. 25
Mackinaw Seattle Sep. 25
Newburg Grays Harbor Sep. 28
Bonlta Newport ISep. 24
Point Arena.... Point Arena (Sep. 27
Crescent City.. Crescent City |Sep. 27
Sun rises 5:B«
Sun aets «:03
Moon rlaea 3:54 a. m.
O Time Time Time Tlm«
v Ft. '¦ Ft. Ft. Ft.
»LW H-W LW H TV
n I 8:33 0.7 10:19 €.3 4:00 1.7 1«:12 l\
22 ' 4:10 1.0 10:43 5.3 4:39 1.4 10:58 6.0
23 "... 4:40 1.3 11:10 5.4 5:13 1.1 11:41 4.S
14 ... 5:08 1.6 11:43 5.4 5:47 0.9
H IL. \V H W Zi TV
25 ... 0:24 4.7 5:35 1.9 12:88 6.3 6:20 0.7
2fi ... 1:07 4.5 6:03 2.2 12:32 5.2 6:59 0.6
27 ... 1:55 4.3 8:36 2.6 12:58 5.2 7:41 0.8
Sun rises 5:B«
Sun aets «:03
Moon rlaea 3:54 a. m.
O Time Time Time Tlm«
v Ft. '¦ Ft. Ft. Ft.
»LW H-W LW H TV
n I 8:33 0.7 10:19 €.3 4:00 1.7 1«:12 l\
22 ' 4:10 1.0 10:43 5.3 4:39 1.4 10:58 6.0
23 "... 4:40 1.3 11:10 5.4 5:13 1.1 11:41 4.S
14 ... 5:08 1.6 11:43 5.4 5:47 0.9
H IL. \V H W Zi TV
25 ... 0:24 4.7 5:35 1.9 12:88 6.3 6:20 0.7
2fi ... 1:07 4.5 6:03 2.2 12:32 5.2 6:59 0.6
27 ... 1:55 4.3 8:36 2.6 12:58 5.2 7:41 0.8
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
I
J. S. Kimball..lCape Nome Sep. 21
Robt. Ailnmson. IXanaimo Sep. 21
Iaqua Newport ..... Sep. 21
Moana Australia Sep. 21
Matteawan .... Taeoma Sep. 21
Eureksi Humboldt Sep. 21
Tellus Oyster Harbor Sep. 22
Czarina Seattle Sep. 22
Columbia Portland Sep. 22
City Rio do Jan China and Japan Sep. Ti
Grace Dollar.. .(San Pedro Sep. 22
Coon Bay lNewport Sep. 22
Washtenaw Tacoma Sep. 23
Willamette Seattle Sep. 23
nival Willapa Harbor Sep. 2i
St. Taul Cape Nome Sep. 24
Corona San Diego Sep. 24
City of Puebla. Victoria Sep. 21
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 24
Areata Coos Bay Sep. 25
n.irracouta. .... Acapulco Sep. 25
Mackinaw Seattle Sep. 25
Newburg Grays Harbor Sep. 28
Bonlta Newport ISep. 24
Point Arena.... Point Arena (Sep. 27
Crescent City.. Crescent City |Sep. 27
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Iaqua Humboldt Sep. 21, 6 pmJPler 2
North Fork Hum koldt Sep. 21. 9 ami Pier 3
[.aknifl Humboldt Sep. 21, 5 pm|Pler 2
Coqullla R. Grays Harbor Sep. 21, .. pml
Empire .... Coos Bay Sep. 21, 12 m Pier 13
N. Mani China &- Japan Sep. 21. 1 pm PMSS
Santa Bosa San Dieso Sep. 22, II am Pier 11
G. Dollar.. Grays HarborlSep. 22
Eureka ... Humboldt Rep. 22, 10 am Pier 13
Umatllla .. Victoria Sep. 23, 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 24, 2 pm Pier 2
Coo^ Bay.. Newport Sep. 24, 9 am Pier 11
Czarina ... Seattle [Sep. 24 Pier 6
Columbia .. Portland ISep. 25. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ... Humboldt ISep. 25, *2pm Pier 9
Rival WUlapa ISep. 28, 5 pm Pier 8
Corona San Diego ISep. 26. 11 am Pier 11
Arcata .... Coos Bay Sep. 27, 12 m Pier IS
Bonlta .... Newport Sep. 28, 9 am Pier U
•
AMUSEMEOTS.
cLVh eat r eT>A ?
Langhing Week Now On.
A BRAND NEW FARCE.
"The Widow's Husband"
SPECIAL. ENGAGEMENT OF
Fun From Rise to Fall of Curtain.
Peat* now ready for nrxt week— "HIS JAP-
ANESE WIFE."
*T! VOL1*
—
TWO ENORMOUS .OPERATIC TRIUMPHS.
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY EVENJXO.
" FAUST."
Katlne* To-morrow «.nd Sunday NTg-ht.
"TROVATORE."
NEXT WEEK.
TAJOrHArEER," "BARBER OF SEVILLE."
r-e aad E5c— rOPULAR PRICES-I5C and 60c.
Telephone, Bush I.
HIGH CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
JESSIE BARRETT DAVIS.
• JOHNSTONK BROTHERS. MrCABE
. AND DANIELS. OZAV AXD HELMO.
YOUNG AMERICA QUINTETTE.
QUERITA VINCENT. JOHNSON AND
• DEAN. MANPFIKLD AND WILBUR,
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Referred Seat?. J5<-; balceny. 10c; opera chairs
zrA h^x sests. EPe.
ISatlBcea Wedn^F^ar, Saturday and Sunday.
*W**^£=£j Kg &££/*& tf.tATia
ALL THIS WEEK, INCLUDISO SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CLAY L. R.
CLEMENT STOCKWELL
Ar.d a i>trnrr company, presenting the
GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
"THE BELLS."
<C!sy Clement as I.Iath'.aF.)
Ar,J Dlcn Bouclcaulfs powerful one-act play,
NAPOLcON^S GUARD.
N>xt TVwlc, Reiiral at the Fcpular Comedy,
"THE MAGISTRATE."
L. R. Pto-kwell in the Title Role.
ORAND OPHTRA HOUSE
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
™ E FB&WB Plf COM '
HEWir-£u£ir^V-*W g-cjC, If pANY
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
QUO VADIS.
Introducing In the Arena Scene
ADGIE'S LIOIMS.
MONDAY "BLUE JEANS."
I-\enln*r I'ricee 10c. ISc. 25c. 60c
A F>w Front Rowe in Orchestra, 75c.
Ilitir.ee Prices 10c, 15c, 2*. SOc. No higher.
Eranch Ticket Office. Ernuorium.
>^F ELLIKGHOUSE, Lessee and Mauarer.
Phcne. South T70.
Farewii Performance*.
TO-NIGHT- MATINEE TO-MORROW AND
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
FERRIS HARTMAN
WITH
The Nautical Farcical Success.
Zjc. IS". Sic anil 50c
TM« "Sunday) Afternoon— The New York
Wf-rid'e success, !"KELLY*8 KIDS."
L Regular rrtces: Ever.lne— ir.c, 25c, 33c, 60e
% «r.J 'Z-r. Matinee— lie. 25o. 33c and 60c.
RACING! RACINGI
I California Jockey Cub Track,
OAKLAND.
GOLDEN GATE FAIR
ASSOCIATION,
DISTRICT No. 1.
ANNUAL FAIR!
Four cr More Runr.'r.e Races and
Two Harness Ilico? Kaeh Day.
GRAND PTOK PARADES.
OPESINO DAT
SATURDAY. September 22,
O^ntiruine Eenen Days.
ADMI&JSION 5O Cr..HTS.
RACING! RACING!
CHUTES AND Z00. E ;r/£?J 8 r
AL HAZARD, DICK WILD. TUBY RUTH.
JOHNSTON AND HARVEY LA LISTA.
THE LION ACT— NEW MOVING PICTURES.
TO-MORROW NI8HMIB CAKEWALK !
Telephone for B~mt*. Park 23.
TTTCrUI7R JC 5 CONCERT HOUSE.
Ilaclon & Finger. Paul La Cro'x. Mae Tunl-
»^n J. F. Vearo. Eudora FV>rde, L. C. B -ban.
r>ilv<» V«11, Pearl Ulckman and the New Mov-
lv£ PlHiircs.
S Reserved Beat*. 25c: Matinee Eund*y.
—OPEN NIGHTS—
<5ally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
FJathi»ic from 7 a. fS. to 11 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. Be.
Rethlrs^. incluiitnir idniMlon. tSc: children. 20a.
JSan Francisco. Aug. 2«. WOO.
To Whom It May Concern.
Th'.s 1* to certify that I hava
been tufferlnr for several year*
peat from £lscr£ere<l stomach,
iivrr and kidneys. In addition,
I became almcut totally blind.
• I was undr-r the car* of tbe
r nto«t eminent oculists In this
citr tor about three rears. I
« fci not benefited In the least by their treat- |
meat I fcave been under the treatment of Dr.
\\otk Woo 764-66 Clay street, for t?:e past *lx
M«l£ and thouch I «tn now MVw» of «f* mr
t'.cht fc»s »-*en rf*trir»d through his treatment
,f the stomach, and I feel as well as at any
U» <ur iDC the t .st ten^e.n,. —^^
US Third street. S. F.. Cal.
**>i sv rn^r *^ l^ a ccn-y>oiMTTi' i »HBj
<jf^'li'if i^ m^£JM. r»ia»dy for Gonorrli<r»«,
*jG&VCC11ES\%i Olert, Spermatorrhon*.
£&&4 in l to t 4«t«.^« White*, unnatural
sJLfifj G?«ratw«l |3 rburcee. or »ny IlBi'ib*
VttaQ not to •trUmm. li'iti. , jr rit »tloa or ukt«»
t>a_-5.''r«Tis;* eoBUiflon. tlon ct id a eons mtm-
i^JrKtEttKSCHEVicnCa. 6r * n^ Hoa-MtrlD«fafc
cjyj-v r i,—;kJTio ffi&?l Sold ay Drowliti,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
, f-ht Mexican remedy; elves health and
ctfe&ftii to sexual orran*, Depot. S2S Market.
AMUSEMENTS.
EXHIBITION GKOUNDS,
Sixteenth and Folsom Streets.
This Afternoon, at 2. To-ft'ight at 8.
And Twice Dally Until September 28. .
JINGLING BROS.
Tho Biggest Combined Menagerie, Hippodrome ,
and Arcnic Exhibition in the World!
1000 Peode — 300 Performers.
600 Horses — 2S Elephants.
20 Camels— 65 Railroad Cars.
100 Feature Acts!
Glorious Introductory Military Spectacle.
GREAT THREE-RING CIRCUS.
All Kinds of Trained Animal Sensations!
Admission. 50c; Children under 12 years, 23c.
Kesrrved Numbered Scats and Admissions
during the entire engagement at Sherman. Clay
& Co.'s Music Store, corner Krarny and Sutter
sts. L'nlike other shows, prices at downtown
office, are the Mine as charged at ticket wagon
show ground*.
TANFORAN' PARK
Sept. 24 to Oct. 6, 1900
EXDEH MASAGEMEJfT OF THE
SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN MATEO
AGRICULTURAL ASS'N
To the lire-stock breeders of California, as
well as to the lovers of out door sports this
Exhibition Is dedicated.
The attractions will Include:
A High-Class Open-Air Horse Show.
Select Herds of Prize Cattle.
A Complete Exhibit of Swine, Sheep, Goats,
Poultry and BeSglaa Hares.
Extraordinary show of Dogs.
Attractive exhibit of high-class Vehicles and
other industrial displays from leading manu-
facturers of the State.
The out-door sports -win embrace Polo Games
between players from Southern nnd Centra)
California for Championship. Pony Races.
Long Distance Race of 23 miles by noted riders.
Change of horses each mile in full view of Grand
Stand.
ORAND ATHLETIC FIELD DAY
CLUB HARNESS RACING
HIGH-CLASS TROTTING AND PACING
In which the Great Stars of the East and West
will meet and make World'a records. *
All in all the entertainment will be clean,
dignified and instructive.
GRAND MUSICAL CONCERTS DAILY
Excellent railroad facilities by both regular
and special trains to Grand Stand entrance.
Entertainment each day from 10 :00 a. m. until
(flOP. it
HFMIT J. CROCKER, PrnMut
6B*A£I UI» SZWIULL, Srrrrur; *
EPWI5 F. SHITH. Gcaeral Ii>t$rr
Purest product for cooking {
\ ever produced. 3
I A sterilized fat from the j
I cocoanut. I
j Try Saratoga Chips !
j ! fried in !
"Delicious!" I
I Ask your grocer for
I "K©-!VSut"
I or write
* India Refining Co. 1
»j Philadelphia. Pa. |
§\1M, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by ths leaders of the
Mormon Church and thetr fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases In oM and young
artslnc from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
c!rarette-6moklng. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Loet
Power. • NlBht Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Kvil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. I"°ss of Semen, mm Varicocele or < 'on-
•tipatlcn. 6top« ne *T% fJ rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects «" • Immediate.
Impart vlror jjnjCE«T» potency to every
function. Don't cet despondent; a cure Is at
hand. Restores small, •undeveloped organs.
Ktlmulates the brain and nerve centers; 60o a
box: 8 for $2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 Ellis
«t.. San Francisco. Cal., GRANT DRUG CO..
M i.nd 40 Third st
Avjsit OR- JORDAN'S great^
(MUSEUK OF fiHATOfiyt
A Q> K SI UiSSZl ST. M. 6±47i. S.i 1 . CiU A
\ tJ' T he Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe X
!T fiSHftfi disease »>c»IU«rly «urn£ t>y tbe oldnt V
Iji Kh bpeuiliitcr.theCciiS. EiLjSysiiv $
# $^f? ' 0«. iIOauAH-PRivTJE OISEASES 4
A •* (CSS ! Co:iru5»aticn frc*i »nd strictly prrva»e \
6 £ lS«i' Ttiltmer.t p-rtonaily or by letter. A Q
\ R 3 M f—.txt* Cure in r»ery case undertaken. \
Am tt 111* w rite for Bok. PUII.OSOrHV»f i|
"" U I HA1O1ACE, MAILED FRE8. {AY
I U ||, valuable book let mru) \
7 DaJuKDAX & CO.. IPS! linrbetHt-.S. F. 9
PALACE HOTEL
It f« universally acknowledged that these
botels possess ti:« attributes that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and »ervlc»
• nd superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passareway and
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
Price 25 cents. All druKglstp. or sent post
paid on receipt of prke. PR. PAUL. DE
FORD. 175 N. Sprlnjr St.. Los Angeles, Cal.
I DR.PIERCE'S
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
FOR THE
I BLOOD.UVER. LUNGS.
BDTTOUUO F0R BARBERS. BAJC-
JDliUOAJuO f", bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewem. bookbinders, candy-makers, caaners.
tiyera, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUC:iA>AN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
MARKET bT 55! S§SE^A Cargo for Mexico.
The schooner Falcon, which cleared yester
fiay for Sa^ir.as Cruz, carried 50.000 pounds Jud
i >n powder ana S^0 railroad t:ee, valued at
Dried Fruit in Xczv York.
Ma'l advices from Xew York eay: "Cur
rants were quietpr yesterday. Sales late
Thursday, however, amounted to several hun-
Irfd barrels al 12c. ar.d some business was re
f-enrd yesterday at 12 : 4c. Most holders were
practically out of the market. Cables from
CSreeec the market en Amallas as an
equivalent of 13c to imixjrt and en Provincials
at I2%c
••A little better feeling was noted in prunes,
a. Dumber of carp, l>oth of new Californias
ar.d ' *regond. r#iiig fold. Prices on the lat
ter v.<=re aut mentioned. 1'Ut lt was Faid
they were t«C^C higher than opening quo
:a*:"r.f. OngODM ere not offered frefly. SjK)t
pnnxt are in eo.-»3 d<-mand at full prices.
Apricots are Ftrong but <;uiet. Peaches are
rf .TK>r!<><l a trifl? tlrmer on the coast. KaJMns
c-v> \«r>' Ftror.g or. s=pot and peieu of new
seeded at th* jir:ce« recently named are being
tr.ad" cm a large rrr.ier.
"Future evaporated apples, ¦which have
ttf-cn unsettled for several days. owing to
the sterrr. up the State, are going down
Stain: *\£C is a*=k»l for October-November.
but 4 4c undoubtedly oould buy. and it is
tven reported thit sales have been male at
that.
":>rraccr.a and Ivira almond* are higher.
ir'->«c ani i«'*-<c now l<"lng asked all around
RX.4 fa'j'S cl T<-rrascr;as bting rer<>ned at
t^» advance. Brazils are very firm, with
bither tendency.
Weather Report.
n2fth Mpriiian— Pacific T.me.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 20— S p. m.
The fo'ilawlnc are the seasonal rainfalls to
Sate as compared wltb th se cf same datf iast
Kaf B is-- i nivf'V* in the past twenty-four
botn:
Paft This Last
Stations^ — 21 h Tcrs. season. Seas°n.
Hurc-ka trace .Ti 1.16
Red RIufT 00 .23 .02
Sarrarr.f-nto 00 .06 .02
Ssr. Francisco 00 .46 trace
r~ui<i "o .14 .00
tndepnadence trace .76 .C7
b'an I^uis Ob'.??o .. .00 trace .00
Iv? kvgtitl r> 0 trace .Cl
har. I>i:ec) 00 trace .07
t-an Frarirjsco .lata: Maximum temperature,
7*; minimum, £6; mftan. 67.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rre^fure haK risen rapi<5!y over ths north
em portion of tho Pacific IJlope and fallen over
U;f- BOBtKern. An Ourea of high pressure is
cf-ntml cTl the Washl.iFton coast while the
pnosore ! s iiwpft in StiuihweFtern Arizona.
" !:- temperatBre has ris»n over th<? western
pert] ma ot \\ asfcir.gton ajid Oregon and In the
vicinity cf San FTar.c.sco : elsewhere on the
P*CtSc EJcpe it has fallen.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over Warh-
Ingti :¦• aad Oreeoa and ia tli» mountain region?
of I't.-.h ond Arizona. Li fc ht rain Is reported
fr^m tVacblcrtODL
Jlitrh ri"rth-rly winds are reported from the
F»":arnt-r::i Valiey and along the Northern Cal
if rr.ia crest
For* cart maie at Pan Francisco for thirty
boar* Kidto* midnight. Friday. September 21:
N< ni..'rr, California— Fair Friday; brisk
r. : • "• • -r ' v wind in the valley; warmer.
Southern California— Fair Friday; brisk
r. rtheTiy v.-ind.
N- va.-.a— F^ir Fri.iay.
!'u-h — <*!:'jdv Friday: probably pnewers.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Friday, probably with
el ¦¦ • re: cooler.
.-.¦ n Francisco ar.d vicinity— Fair Friday;
lisht noithwest wind. G. H. VFTLBOS.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Xcw York Stock Market.
NETV YORK. Sept 2*.— The closing of the
Btock market this afternoon was quiet and
ft' ai'y. in remarkable contrast to tbe dis
ti;T!<-d state of feeling which i>rrvailed all
<2ay. Bui th're had bet-n such lulls at vari
ous tlrr.es before in the Ftcrm of liquidation
v. ir.h wept over the market, ar.d whether
the nnal quiet marked <-l«»arlr.g weather or
Btmptjr a gathering of forces for another out
l reak of the Ftorrn wab of the greatest jnter
«-^t in Wall street and u;>oa which opinions
jgreatl- varied. The volume of the welling
nnd the scope of the movement In the number
o: fjicks moved in-aica-ted plainly enough that
fume general cause or condition was at work
to Induce celling. Bpectai renditions in in
dividual stocks aggravated th»? weakness, but
th<-ir ; »-cu'.i:ir eauses w<re quite inadequate to
«! :..:n the general weakness. Neither was
lt \«-ry clear that any ww factors have been
Introduced into the general situation which
1:e\i- net l»een In evidi'iioe lor seme time past,
ho rar as th?se general considerations are
<-oxi<em«rd. the violent liquidation of the day
musi Ik> due to a gr-jwth of conviction as to
th«r inevitable «>fr^ct c' those factors, rather
thaw to any new j*h!us. Those general con
dltUmn are the h^dening money market and
the coai strike, and. rather in the back
«,r.'jnd. th<> Chir.etw situation. Those who
found nothing In the actual ni>ws sufficient to
errount for the exir'-me weakness nf the mar
ket, offered a su;: osit'on. not yd centrally
¦ksattn, that the <~h!neft> tantrle had in<iuc«rd
;rirK<> seliini; ».y pertni with advance informa
tion. Certainly it is r.aj-tJ to account for
furh wholesale selling rh that of to-day in a
mrirkPt whl'-h has* Irftn Pupposed to contain
r-":ni aratively Sight speculative commitments
*>r t The crouri'l of 'rarf of future events or
*w>n'i:n«ual consideration*. No selling was
f'-rcvl bT ariual contraction of credit", al
theurh the rate? fcr money showed a con
*!r.U£H'-e of the MMBt hardrning tendency
Tho forr^s toward the d«pl«-tion of the New
York money i-oftvps continue operative, th»
auy'o outwj of currency to the Interior beini;
lar?p. The relief in Surj-Trea«ury operation*
1? r.\rn on a fl!minl«hfn«r soaie. The prrgrefs
of the strike amuiff keen nr-rrfhenfilon of out
r.re3l;!« of violence and extension of the trouble
Into wit fields. IJut no actual occurrence of
ihf dav swncd to tiring fu^h d-velopmer.ts
:ir.y r.'sw than <*.!<! the flryt rtopfage of min
ing. The letting go of Fpeculati vc holdlncs.
Mhieh have ht-en r«v»r.tly accunulated on the
conviction thai the pj-nltng-.-o" dullness or the
stick nnrk«'t wcuiii be torminated by a buying
movement, va* a:i influence tn th<» weaknoss
ard professional Ehort «el!!r.g undoubtedly
rlayed a pan a* well. TIi? steel stooks
se»Tr\<-<1 to show rrt—e r^f'i'lar .ifrrehenflon
thn» the rcr.ffTTc-e ever t \ - flr"i J nnd the ef
f"rt to ndjurt priti?* would not Icing the Jn
<Vj*try to a profitable buiic. Tennessee Coal
r-n* r_5>rarcr.t!y without i>ny suinort and was
rf-arly S |olnts> off at the lowest. The
rtot-k ra!!!c.1 2u r on slnrt covcrlr.p. PresspJ
r^i^pi Car, American Car preferred, Stf-el and
Virf ar-1 Federal Ftwl preferred v/ere down
fr-rn 2 t;> 2'^ points. In the railroad l!j=t
Mifpouri Pacific. Baltimore and Ohio and
It'-n<1!n? Hrrt pr^Vrred FuTti-reA mo«t severely
P.trcTis th" artivf Ftocl*«, !<->5ing 2 points cr over
a? the «"Xir<>nie low level.
Donda (ridded In Fympathy with stocks, but
tb« fllin- *a» not <n anvthinr like as Iarg-»
a w-al?. Total saJc?. par cales, par value.
T'r.H^I Pta'e* r.pw fours ar.d five* declined
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
S*.TO& Afhlpon prpfd 571^
J7.?'Tn r^ltimor* p.n<1 Ohio 6T^«
Z'x) O.r.a-Man P^riflr g7
1.517 i^ar.aua Poutherr. 4S
PCS <""Jif>«-a.r>eak» an1 Ohli> 2614
7CS Chicago Oreat Wertem 30
U.C.; Chicago. BurliEgton and Qulncy ZZCH
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
• Alexander F. and Ellen B. Marshall to Henry
C. and Sophie D. Simon, lot on W line of De
Haro street, 175 N of Twenty-fourth (Sonoma),
N 23, by W 100; $10.
Harvey D. and Georgle S. Talcott to Charles
E. Palmer, lot 24, block E. same; $200.
Charles E. 'Palmer to E, C. Robinson, same;
na
James T. Boyd to Luigi Torre, lot en N line
of Lombard street, 131:6 E of Buchanan. E 2S:6
by N 137:6; $10.
Kate Glllis to Pletro Maggettl. lot on N line
of Jackson street. 160:5 E of Webster. E 24:7 by
N 117; UO.
California Title Ins anl Trust Company to
Henry Cowell, lot on NW corner of Hermann
and Webrter streets, N 24 by W 81:3; also lot !
on E line of Middle street, S7:6 S of California, |
S 25 by E SD; also lot on S line or California I
street, 81 W of Webster. W 54 by S 87:6; $10. !
Nellie McMurray to Edith S. Chesebrough
(wife of A.), lot on N line of Clay street. 122:6
W of Laurel. W 2:6 by N 127:8>i: *10.
Marie J. Farrell to Freddie Bellemere. lot on
N line of Twenty-ninth street, 154:5 E of Dolo- i
res, E 27:1 by N 114; $10.
Charles Rlordan to Eugene C. RIordan. lot on
S line of Twcnty-flfth street, £0 E of Castro.
E 30 by S 114; gift.
Albeit Worrall to J. H. E. Eiben, undivided
one-sixth of lot on NW corner of Nineteenth
and Colllnzwood streets. W 125 by N 149; $lu.
Dennis W. King to Elizabeth A. King, lot
on SE line of Silver street, 150 SW of Third
SW 25 by SE 80; gift.
Peter Denner and Elizabeth 11. Schenkel
(•xecutors estate of Peter Schenkel) to Daniel
Roth, Leon Blum, Charles and Jerome Millv
(and California Tallow Works), lot on SW line
of Fourth avenue, 133 NW K street, NW 65 by '
SW 200, block SO. Tide Lands; also lot on SW !
line of Fourth avenue, 130 NW of K street NW
65 by SW 200. block 80. Tide Lands; $1850
Elizabeth M. Schenkel to same same C
pieces), quitclaim deed; $1.
Htnry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet lot on
S line of Fuith street, 100 E of Brewster E 25
by S 65. lot 17."+. Gift map 3; $10.
L«on anil Mary Goldstein to A. B. Ruggles
lot on SE corner of Eemeralda and Chapulte-
S 75 ' l0tS »' » «*
Joseph A. and Elizabeth Oliver to Joseph O
Richard C. and Oliver D. Tobin. lot on SW
corner of Hayes and Octavia streets W 137 -S ¦
by S 120; J2S.500.
Isaac Upham (by B. H. tfpham, attorney) to
Morris Meyerfeld Jr.. lot on S line of Clay
street. T.6:3 E of Scctt. E 23 by S 100; $10. I
James and Emily Carolan to Edwin T. Cooper '
lot on S line of Sacramento street. 137-6 W of
Locust, W 35 by S 132:7>i; $10.
Emile L. Pprle (Miller, wife of Frederick H )
to Cornelia J. Pringle. lot en SE corner of
Fourteenth and Howard streets, S 50 by E 95;
City Grading Company (a corporation) to
Thomas Moore, lot en N line of Nineteenth
street, 53 W of Lapldge, W 25 by N 100, quit
claim deed; $75.
James and Louise F. Hackett to Walter an.l
Elizabeth Bermingham, lot on S line of Seven
teenth. 225 W of Sanchez. \V 25 by S 114; $10.
Oscar H. Lundin to Mary J. Lundln. lot on S
line of Elizabeth street. 105 E of Castro, E 25
by S 111. quitclaim deed: $5.
Charlotts T. Jones to Charlotte J. Hewitt.
Kate C. Jones nnd Eleanor J. Ryan, lot on W
line of Diamond street. !>9:S S of Seventeenth.
S 49:4 by W 123. warranty deed; $1.
Alameda County.
Oakland Bank of Savings to William A. and
Delia R. Towns, lot 3. block- D. map of Broad
way and Telegraph Avenue Homestead, Oak
land; $1CGO.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Walter
Morgan, lot 46. block F, Linda Vista Terrace.
Mat* 2. Oakland: $10.
1 L. G. and Mary I. Burpee- to J. S. Myers. lot
on W 11 n« of McClure street. 230 N of Prospect
avenue. N 43 by W 104. lot 7. on map of Mc-
Clure Academy Grounds, Oakland; $10.
Laura A. PInney to Robert R. Fulton, lot 16.
block H. Revised Map Prospect Hill Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $173.
W.'F. Kroll. trustee of the estates of Felix
Marcuse and Julius A. Remmel (Individually),
CHICAGO. Sept. 20.— Liquidation In lines of
all sorts and sizes flooded the wheat pit all
day. This was because Liverpool waa up only
V t <\ in the face of the bulge here yesterday and
because clear weather was predicted for tha
Northwest. The Idea that it is well to mai
ket a commodity while the demand still existfc
was also a factor in the slump which marked
to-day's trading. There were considerations on
the other Fide of the fence— such as higher
English country markets and strength at Lon
don, as well as rain In the Northwest early —
but they did not count. October opened at
7S%c to 79Hc One big long s«;t the ball rolling
down hill and the courte thus indicated wis
followed hy numerous others. There waa con
siderable stop-loss selling under 77>ic. Before
the eni had come October had dropped to
77%©77Hc and the close was l>;c under yes
terday at TT'^c.
Corn was quiet and dull, paying but Httle
attention to wheat. October closed >ic lower
at SSUc.
Trade in oats was of a small local ordei,
but the market was steady. October closed
unchanged at 21'4®21's.ic.
Provisions were firm, the cash demand still
being good and stocks low with heavy ship
ments of products In prospect. October pork
closed 12Vjc higher, lard 10c higher and ribs
5c better.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20. — Porter Bros. Company
eold California fruit to-day: Pears — Bartletts,
%\ 25@2 2-"i box and 8;VsC box. \ Grapes— Tokays,
$1 20@l 40 single crate; Muscats, $1. Peaches—
fcialways. 4O'a50c; Crawfords, S0@35c; Levl
Cilngs. 45'HDOc: George's Late. 40c.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-day as follows: Grapes— Malagas, single
crates, Cue to S5c, average 78c. Pears— D.AnJou,
boxes (mostly seconds), 75c to $1 75, average
$1 06; Howell," boxes,. $2 la to $2 20. average
$2 16; Onondago, boxes (mostly seconds), $1 13
lo $1 30, average $1 23. Prunes— Italians, sing!.?
cratfE, 65c to 85e, average 71c. Dry, favorable
wtather. Eight cars sold to-day.
NEW YOKK. Sept. 20.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Plums— Kelsey
$4 20 box. Grapes— Tokays. $1 20@2 55 single
crate, and clusters, $1 35©1 70: Morocco, $1 830
2 single crate: assorted, $1 3CXS>1 70; Muscats, Sic
®$1 80. . Peaches— Salways— S0@S5c. .
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-day as follows: Grapes— Tokays, single
crates. 90c to $1 85, average $1 35; Tokays,
double crates, $2 95 to $3 30, average $3 OS;
Malagas, single crates. 70c to $1 75, average
$1 10. Peaches— Salways, boxes, 30c to $1, aver-
! LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 3H 6 5K
Closing 6 2% 6 4%
I PARIS.
j Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 50 22 05
Closing 20 40 22 00
Flour—
Opening „ 26 30 2$ 15
Closing 26 15 28 10
Ca^h quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 73@78Vic; No. 2
red. 77%f»S0Hc: No. 2 corn. 40>«fS'4OUc; No. 2
yellow, 45i/»!rf43>«ic; No. 2 oats, , 21%@ 22c; No. 2
white. 25c; No. 3 white. iZ^^ZoMc; No. 2 rye,
&2'*c; good feeding barley. 39c; fair to choice
n.alting. *l(go5c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 58; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 C9; prime timothy seed, $1©
4 SO; mess pork, per barrel, $12 0offl2 10; lard,
per 100 pounds, $7 VPk'tii 20; short-rib Bides
(loose), $7SO®7 75; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
$t> 2SQ6 3714; short clear sides (boxed), $8 05@
5 15; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 26; clover,
contract grade, $10.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, , barrels 15,000 17,000
Wheat, bushels 242.000 13.W0
Corn, bushels 426.000 730.000
Oats, bushels 262,000 . 951,000
Rye, bushels ,1,000
Barley, bushels 60,000 8,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the ; butter
market was steady; creamery, 15@21c; dairy,
13&1SC Cheese, firm, 10Vi@llHc. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 15c.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 7?Vi 73% 77U 77%
October 73»i 73% 77Vi 77^
November SO^i fc0% 7S",i 78*i
Corn No. 2 —
September 40 40 39% 39%
October 3SH 3SH 3SVi 38W,
November 3CU S6% 36 36U
Oats No. 2 — '.
September 21?i 21% 21'i 21%
October 21»i 21»i 21',* 21%
November 22 22ft 21% 22^
Mecs Pork, per barrel-
October 11 SO 12 12<i 1187^4 12 10
January 11 37Vi 1155 11 37H 11 £2^4
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October 7 10 7 20 7 10 7 17H
November 7 O. r > 7 15 7 05 7 15
January 6 72V4 6 £0 6 *2tf £ SO
Short Ribs, per 1C0 pounds —
September 7 6.5 7 77V4 7 60 7 77'.-6
October 7 33 .7 40 7 35 7 40'
November 6 07% 6 15 6 07% 6 15
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 50; Small White. $4;
Large White. $2 50@2 65; Pink. J2 25@2 50; Red.
$3 25; Blackeye, $3 25; Lima, $5 15@S 25; Pea,
none here; Red Kidneys, $3 '25ST3 60. '
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, y 3\@4c: Yellow
Mustard, 4%@5c; Flax, $2@2 50; Canary, 3Hc
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
falfa, nominal: Rape, 2V4@3c; Hemp, 4fl4V4c;
Timothy. 4iS4^c. ' .
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $1 25@1 73; Green, $1 SO
©2 0& per ctl; Blackeye, »l SO.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Sweet Potatoes continue in large supply and
weak. Otherwise there Is nothing new under
this head. Lima Beans are In oversupply.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 25«30c; Burbanks.
45@e0c for Rivers and 75cfi$l 05 per ctl for Sa
linas: Sweets, 75c fcr Rivers and $1 25®1 40
for Merced.
ONIONS— 5SQ63c i>er ctl; Pickle .Onions, 50
©60c. •
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c!@$l per sack
and Jlfffl 25 per crate; Green Peas, I<gf2c per
lb; String Beana. Ifi2^c; Limas, l%<7?2o per lb;
Cabbage. 40@50c; Tomatoes, Bay, 3aif50c; Eetf
Plant, 2-tz 40c per box; Green Okra, 23@40c;
Green Peppers, 30J?40c per box for Chill and 30
CJ50c for Bell: Dried Peppers, 101515c: Carrots.
25©35c per Fack; Summer Squash. 25040c for
Alameda: Cucumbers, 2IJ@40c for Alameda;
Pickles, $10125 per etl for No. 1 and 50®7Sc
for No. I; Garlic, 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squaih,
*S®10 per ton.
M Poultry and Game.
Poultry Is In oversupply and dragging, and
no reasonable offer is refused.
The hot weather is against Game, though
stock In condition brings good prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll@12c for Gobblers
Beans and Seeds.
Bran and Middlings have' again advanced.
Hay continues to show a steadier tone, as re
ceipts are much lighter. Prices stand the
BRAN — |15W16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 119(321 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. S26@27; Jobbing.
$27 60(ft2S; Cocoanut Cake. $20(^21; Corn Meal.
*2G«J27: Cracked Corn, $26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed,
$13 S0@ 14.
HAY — Volunteer. $4 50©7: Wheat. »10@12;
Wheat and Oat, $9 60ff?ll 50; Oat, $8@10: Clover.
$4®6: Alfalfa, $6@7 50; Barley, J6 50@8 50 per
ton.
STRAW— S0S37V4C per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 600
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern.
$4 "SSS 7a r>rr barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Ry«
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, t3 50; Oat Groats, (4 50; Hom
iny, $3C0(?T3 73; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 30: Whole
Wheat Flour; $3 25; P.olled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; In sacks, $5 75(JJ7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $J; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Mornlne Session— No sales.
Afternoon Sertton — May — 6000 ctls. 74c.
OATS — Dealers continue to report moderate
eales at quotations.
White. $115S13O; Surprise, $1 35®1 40; Red,
$1 10@l 20; Gray. $1 1001 20; Black, for feed.
$1 1Q4H 15: for seed. *1 15@1 20 per ctl.
CORN — The millers are looking for Corn, but
lt is all cleaned up again. For a nominal quo
tation $1 25 will do.
RYE— S7V4fi!»'Jc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls. U09%: May— 2000. $1 1CU-
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, Jl 09%:
40OO. $1 09H: May— 2000. $1 16.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
n©8%; 4000, U0S%; 14,000. J10S«4; May— 20,000,
$1 15>4.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls
$1 0«%: 22.000, Jl 0S%: May— 10.000. $1 15H.
BARLEY- The market Is dull at the decline.
There is no speculation on call.
Feed, 70Q72Hc for No. 1 and GoSift'^c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 77V4®
E2%c; Chevalier, .nominal.
"WHEAT — Liverpool was firmer. New York
waa lower. Chicago was weaker, and the eell
lnsr pressure was resumed, with Cudahy lead
ing. In response to a telegram of Inquiry from
this city Cudahy wired that he did not think
that we will see much higher prices for wheat
for some time. There was fair buying at 78c,
and though the crowd was bearish and there
waa a neneral desire to realize, the strength
In the Northwest prevented a marked decline.
The weall-.er there continued bad. There was
general liquidation In all foreign markets, and
foreigners sold at Chicago.
Futures were lower here, but spot prices re
mained unchanced.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $105@106Vi: Milling.
U lOffl HVi. I
CALL BOARD SALES.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S*M
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S8
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 62Vj
Mexican Dollars, nominal BO ® 61
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
There was a fairly good movement In evap
orated apples to-day, but the market continues
quiet and unchanged on the basis of 3©5c for
State common, 4» 1 «i5 1 .ic for prime choice and
656>ic for fancy. California dried fruits weio
dull and higher. Prunes were quoted from
3VsS7 1 TtC per pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll-®14c; Moorpark. 15ffl6c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14^1Sc; unpeeled. 6@9c. «
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,350 barrels; exports. 3214 barrels; sales, 7100
packages; market was rather quiet, being dis
turbed by the sharp break In wheat, although
held nominally at unchanged prices.
WHEAT— Receipts, 229,300 bushels; exports,
95.550; sales, 5,765,000 bushels futures, 120,000
bushels spot. Spot easier for red, but stronger
on spring wheat; No. 2 red. &3%c f. o. £>.
afloat; No. 2 red, 81%c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 91Hc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth.
91Ho f. o. b. afloat. Options opened firm on
rains in the Northwest, but suffered a collapse
later In the day through pronounced weakness
at Minnetyiolis. a Liverpool reaction, unload
ing by locals and foreign houses, together with
unsatisfactory export developments; closed
weak at 1H ( S1 1 «c net decline; sales Included
No. 2 red March. S6 15-lGgS8 7-16c. closed at
87c; May, S6 7-ldfiSSc, closed at S6V£c; Septem
ber, 8134653 7-16c, closed at SIHc; October, 82@
S3V*c, closed at &2c; December, 84<g'S5&c, closed
at S4Hc.
HOPH- Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet;. No. 7 invoice,
SVic; mild, quiet; Cordova, 93i@llc. Futures
closed steady at a decline of 5 points; total
sales. 13.500 bags, including September. $7; Oc
tober. *7; December, $7 20; March, $7 35@7 40;
May, ?7 50.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refilling. 4Vic; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 5c; molasses sugar, 4c Re
fined, firm.
BUTTER — Receipts. 3607 packages; strong;
creamery, lC^fj21Vic; June, lS@21c; factory,
14glOVic.
EGGS— Receipts, 9277 packages: firm; West
ern regular packing at mark. 13S17iic; "West
ern, loss off, 19fi'19>.ic.
S10 Chicago. Ind and Louis 20^4
10O Chicago, Ind and Louia prefd 63
Chicago and Eastern Illinois 964
COO Chicago and Northwestern 1584 i
4,B»V) Chicago. Rock Island and Pacific. 104 h*
l,r;o C C C and St Louis 58
r25 Colorado Southern 5*4
470 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 37
.220 Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 14
3^0 Delaware and Hudson 106 1 *
l.?M Delaware. Lack and Western 172 !
£•¦0 Denver and Kio Grande lS^i !
450 Denver and Rio Grande prefd 65 1 * 1
Erie 10-fc 1
" 717 Erie 1st prefd 31^ ;
1,112 Great Northern prefd 150 |
:¦<> Hocking Coal 12«i j
200 Hocking Valley 30V... ;
£25 Illinois Central 115 !
200 Iowa Central IS j
Iowa Central prefd 43 j
MY) Lake Krie and Western 25-,4 1
120 Luke Erie and Western prefd 92Vj
Lcke Shore 20? i
3.«O0 Louisville and Nashville 70Mj |
4. £20 Manhattan L tt% !
3.2;r. Metropolitan Street Ry 14S
229 Mexican Central 10Vi !
- r <" Minneapolis ami St Louis 52'- 2 j
Minneapolis and St Louis prefd 91 :
21.4S5 MlfFouri Pacific 47^j j
Mobile and Ohio 34 ,
Missouri. I<ansas and Texas 9^4 !
3,307 Missouri. Kantas and Texas prefd.. 2G 7 S j
1.100 New Jercpy Central 127"<g I
2.715 New York" Central 127V 8 I
3.6:5 Norfrlk ar.d Western 31" 8 ,'
Norfolk and Western prefd 74 j
13.7^7 Northern Pacific 49Vi 1
977 Northern Pacific r r *fd G3 l * I
S30 Ontario and Western 19 1 % j
Oregon Ry and Navigation 42
Oregon Ry and Navigation prefd... 76 I
i.€.O I*enn*yl vanla ................. .......126 1
1.710 Reeding 15 I
6,640 Heading U,t prefd C2' 2 I
1,200 Reading 2nd profd ' 23}; j
?00 Rio Grande Western f>3Vs '
Rio Orcnde Western prefd S6 j
400 St LoulF and fan F*ranc:sco 9Vi I
Ft Louis and fan Fran 1st prefd 65
100 Si ly-.uis and Pan Fran 2nd prefd... 32
lCil St Louis Southwestern 11 I
1.7XI Ft L.uis Southwestern prefd 26^ j
15.000 St Paul lil'a !
St Paul prefd 173 j
£t Paul and Omaha 105 j
hXo* Bcuthera Pacific 3n; 1
1.P0O Scuthern Hallway 10% j
1.939 Southern Railway prefd 52%
1.510 Texas and Paciflc uu >
I7.CO0 Union Pacific bjS I
2.M0 Vnion Pacific prefd 71"'« !
300 Wabash 6%* i
2.100 Wabash rrefd 16' : i
1.J3" Whaling and Lake Erie S"^ ;
1.J31 Wheeling and Lake Erie prefd 22 7 j !
i'O Wisconsin Central 12
1P0 Third Avenue 103
EKi^repe Companies —
VC Aiiams 123 I
American x.v> '
rr.ited States 45
113 Well"; Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
£70 Am<?riran Oottcn Oil 30H !
American Cottrn Oil prefd 8S j
I"** Am<>ric-in Malting 4% !
158 American Malting prefd 22
i.'**' Am Pmflting & Refining 36M,
l.?70 Am Smfltinj & neflning prefd 8»i»
American Spirits 114
Amrrioan Spirits prefd 17 '
tZ5 American Pteel Hoop 1% i
<M American ?tee! Hoop prefd 64^
•17,000 American Steel & Wire 30
l.""0 American Steel & Wire prefd 72 i
TOO American Tin Plate 2">*i |
i<(l American Tin Plate prefd 7S
17,113 American Tobacco S7*4 j
American Tobacco prefd 127 ]
1.7CiO Anaconda Mining Co 42
4O.5;rr. Brooklyn Rapid Transit SCH
1.10O r-olorado Fu^l & Iron 81*; !
2.'*0 Cor.tlnpntal Tobacco 24H I
Continental Tobacco prefd 7.)%
7.4ro Federal Steel 30>,«
1,925 Federal Steel prefd • e."?i j
<*O <;»>ntral Electric 137 I
135 Glucose £ugar 43^4 I
Glucose Sucar prefd S$H
4.500 Internntional Paper 17 S 4
S<i0 Interratlonal Paper prefd C3
I^acledo Oaa 70
713 National Biscuit 31',i
National Biscuit prefd $5
[10 National I*ad 17^i
National I^a<l prefd E9 J
V*, National Steel 23S4 j
?*> National Steel preM ¦.....• 82% j
2r»> New York Air Brake 120 i
7f'O North American 14 |
PCO Pacific Coast r,l>4 \
158 Pacific Coa^t 1st prefd R0
L078 Pacific Coast 2d prefd f2 I
4f« Pacific Mail 28^
20.1 f >5 People's Gas SS4
1,400 Freshed Ktefl Car 38^
3?0 Pressed Pteel Car r>refd 71 i
S.'S Pullman Palace Car 1S2
ISO Standard Rope & Twine 4»i
27,1;; Fu^ar 115
Pugar prefd 114^
27.1P0 Tenn<«Fe<» Coal & Iron 57*i
3.005 Tr.lted States Leather »*»
l.r<S Vnited States Leather prefd rr.vj
L5Z7 l'nit<vl States Rubber 27Vj
159 I'n'.ted StPtes Ruhber prefd 92
LEW Westtf-n I'nlon. ex rtlv 77^i
l.S7<> Republic Iron & fiteel Co KiV.
4*0 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 62\i
P C C & St Louis 5o '
<36,4'X» Phares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S J 2s ref re», I Do 4s 90
¦when Issued 104 N Y Cent lsts lOS'i
Do cour> 104V4 N J Cent gen 5s 122y t
Do ?s rcg 110 Northern Pac 3s.. 64=i
Do 2t> coup 110 i Do 4* 104
Do new 4s reg 134 VN Y C &¦ S L 43.107U
Do new 4s cou^.131U Nor & W con 4s.. 97H
Do old 4s reg 115 ,Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coud.IIG : Do *» 102
IX) ."s ree 113«4 O S Line 6s 127H
Do Cs coun USt&l Do con Es 113
1 Dint of C 3.63s 122 Reading Gen 4s 86U
Atchison ten 4s. ..101 R O lsts 98
Do adjt 43 8.> 3 i S L & I M con r>«!.112Vi
: Canala So 2ds....lO6>,« S L & 8 F Gen 6S.123
CiO 4>/i» 9S?* St P con 1C9^
Do Ea 121 St P C & P Ists..ll8
: C i: N con 7s 139 I Do 5s 119'i
Do S F Deb . r .s..l20y. S P 4s 77%
; Chicago Term 4s.. 92 So Ry us 108%
! Colo So 4s SOS Standard R & T 6s 67
I D & R G lsts 103i«;Tex 6 Pac 1st* 113V4
Do 4« 99 i Do 2ds IS
Erie Gen 4s 6*» Union Pac 4s 104%
Ft W & D C lsts. -74 iWabash lsts ......117
! G<>n Elec is 119 ; Do 2d« 101
! Iowa Cent Ut» 113 West Shore 4s 112%
! L A N UtM 4s 9*U Wis Cent lsts m%
[ M K & T 2ds C4% Va Centuries S3*i
MINING STOQKS.
! Chollar 15 Ontario 5 73
Crown Point lrt'Ophir 42
Con Cal & Va 1 05,'Plymouth OS
Deadwood *45{Quicksilver- 150
Gould & Curry 30; Da prefd 7 00
Hale & Norcroes... 17'Sierra Nevada..... 2»
Homestake SO 0» Standard 40
Iron Silver CSl.'nion Con 14
! Mexican 21 ¦ Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— | Bonds—
I Call loans IVt'Sl Atchlson 4s 99
i Time loons 4' e-4^4 N E Gas & C5«... 58
Stocks — Mining Shares —
I Atch T & St Fe... 23%]Adventure 3%
Do {>refd €7*4;AHouez MIn Co.... 1H
I American t'-jsar.. .114"-. Ainalp Copper &5
j I>ot>ton & Albany. .246 (Atlantic Z2±i
, Boston Elevated... 147 'Boeton & Mont 310
I Boston & Maine.. .ISS'iiButte & Boston 56
I Chi B & Q 120"»;Calumet & Hecla..743
] Lv.minion Coal SS (Centennial 13lj
; Do prefd 110 [Franklin 13
I Fi-deral Steel 30%jHumboldt "5
1><] prefd 63 jOsceola 64
I Ed Klec 111 211 jParrot 4fr
( Mlrh Telephone 85 iQutncy 14S
j N E Gas & Coke... 19 ;Sta Fe Copper 4
j Old Colony 204 .Tamarack 230
i Old Dominion 15^ I Utah Mining OS*
Vnlon Pacific C3f&! Winona 24
Westlnghse Elec... 47 'Wolverines 3S' 2
Wla Central 12 I
London Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 20.— The Commercial Ad
j vertiser'a London financial cablegram says: The
j markets here opened weak to-day on the Chi
nese situation, but later were better on Lord
Robert's report. Business, however, was in
| tipnlficant. Americans were b»low parity dur
1 In* the morning". New York bought »parlnjjly,
Silver continues to shade off. Exchange unchanged.
11 'heat futures lozvcr. Barley dull.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet.
Bran and Middlings advanced again.
Hay steadier, with lighter receipts.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Butter firm. Eggs and Cheese steady.
Poultry market oz-crstocked and weak.
Fresh and Dried Fruits quiet and featureless.
Xo further change in Provisions.
Meat market quiet and well supplied.
Stocks and bonds inactive.
Some Metals lower.
WASHTNGTON. Sept. 20.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive, of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance. $138,118,649; gold, $74,586,759.
Cash in the Treasury
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— Money on call, steady
at 1HS2 per cent; last loan, l'/4. Prime mer
cantile paper, 4H(5?5% per cent. Sterling ex
change, easier, with actual bankers" bills at
$4 S6} 8 @4 S7 for demand and $4 83H©4 83U for
sixty days; posted rates, $4 84@'4 84>4 and $4 S3;
commercial bills, $4 82H®4 83. Silver certifi
cates, 62%@63?4c. Bar Silver, 62&c. Mexican
dollars, 49Uc. Government bonds, weak; State
bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, weak.
New York Money Market.
LONDON. Sept. 20.— Canadian Pacific. 89%;
Union Pacific prefd, 74U; Northern Pacific
prefd. 72; Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda, 8%.
Bar silver, steady, 28 13-16d per ounce. Money,
2!i per cent.
CLOSING
rallying prices temporarily, but the close van
about the Tvorst. Anacondas weakened on New
York sales, but Paris supported Tlntos. Money
was easy and discounts were inclined to go off.
Silver was harder on a rumored Indian de
mand.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
and as partners under firm name of Marcute &
Remmel (bankrupts) to Progress Mutual Loan,
Association, all Interest In lot on S line of
Encinal avenue, 200 E of Post street. E 33:t
Harold L. and Hattie B. Martin to Beatrice
Hanks, lot on S line of Simpson avenue. 205.1
w of Telegraph avenue. W 5 feet by S 106.33.
beint; portion of lot 7. map of Slmpsou'a Tract.
Oakland; $10.
by 8 S3:S. Alameda; $2Z.
Lnion Savings Bank to Henry East, lot on S
line of Hamilton place. L'o.li W of Oakland ave
nue, W 3i> by S Si» lot 30 map of Hamilton
Tract. Oakland; J10
.. L - H - and Mary R. Wakefleld to Etta C. and
\Jolet WakeneUi, lot on S line of East Twenty
nun street. :>7:-> E of Thirteenth avenue, E TJ
by S 1J0, East Oakland; gi?t.
Joseph Wohlfrom to S. C&rleton. lot 11. block
l.j on map of subdivided lots 12 13 and 14 and
portion of lot 11. Corrected Map of Snyder
Homestead Tract. Ikrrkel«y J10.
1 » mer to B *rr.artl Lahore, all Interest in
ots 9. io. 4u. 45 ami 47. block B. on map of
lOU 1. to 1,. of taker's subdivision of portion
I40O oakum Tract. Brooklyn Township;
Catherine O- Shea to John V. and Angelo V.
Ar.selrr.o, all interest in lots 13 14 and U on
Twnsh^iw ext " s 'on of Pleakinton. Murray
Patrick 'McDonnell to Delia McGinnls (wlfs
of Thomas) lot on N line of Forty-sixth street.
block 2112. Alden Tract at Temeacai, Oakland:
James G. Quinn. guardian of tho estate of
Feliecie M. Reheiser •inaarfp) to Phillpp Muller
I - r -' t v. on^?^ C0 l ner ° r , Han:l *h and B streets. H
»N by N 10O, being lots 1 an ,j j hlock 7?S- on
map of B-street subdivision of Watts Tract
Oakland; $585.
Karl H. Nickel to Elizabeth Stephens lot en
N corner of Fifth avenue anfi Ean Fourteenth
street. NW 70 by XE 113. black 55 Clinton.
East Oakland (subject to a mortgage for $3500>;
$U\
Hugh M. and Lavir.'.a A. Hughta to Freda
K. Moor*, lot on XW line of IVra'.ta avenue,
SO SW of Orchard street. NW 1^, by SW 2.">.
being lot lo, block I?, Frultvale Electric Road
Tract. Brooklyn Township; %l\
Arthur H. and Caroline H. Breed to DonaM
C. Mclver. lot on \V line of First mum, 175 60
S of Orchard avenue. S 50 by W i:,0. tetng lot
10, block B, map of the Stone Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Frank M. and Margaret A. Todd t-> Fannl*
B. Chamberlain, lot on E line- of Sunr-.ysida
street. 1O7:1S S of Mountain View avenue, 3
47:18. E 270, portion lot 6. re-subdivided block
84. Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township: »:o.
H A. and Christine S. Pleitner to Charles
A. Feierbach. lot on S line of Blossom street.
2S3 W of Frultvale avenue. W 70. 3 114.03. E
70, N 114.23 to beginning, being lots 7 and S.
Orchard Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
John C. and CharUy L. Rogers to Harry H.
Shaw, lot on SE corner of Whitr.ey ana Wool
sey str«?ets. W 120 by S 100. lots 13 to 13, map
of Berkeley Park. Berkeley; J10.
Morrifl Marsh ami Mary McCourt, lnts 2 to 5,
block 43, Kingsland Tract, being a portion
Amended Map of Hoyt's subdivision lot 43.
Kingsland Tract; also lot on NW line "f Jones
avsnue, ICO SW of Chestnut street. 3\V U by
NW 141. being lot 4, block 11, Warner Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
J. H. and Ella M. Maggard to Oliver Warren
Kelly, all interest In the following: Lot on
\V corner of Michigan avenue an>1 Orchard
street. NW 120 by SW 40. being lot 3S of Madt
son Square; also lot on N corner of. Michigan
avenue and Orchard street, NW 120 by NE SO.
beins lots S3. 90 and SW 15 feet lot 81. same;
also lot on SE line of Michigan avenue. 145
NE of Orchard street. NE 50 by SE 240. being
lots €5. 66. 83 and 81. samp; also lot on SE lln»
of Fifth avenue. 136.52 NE of Elm street. SE
120 by NE 40. being lot 273, same, Brooklyn
. Township- $2700.
James F. Ross to Sarah A. Ross, lot on W
line of Market street. 95.43 N of Forty-first. N
47, by W 103.7'), being lot 13. Evoy Tract. Oak
land; also property in San Francisco; gift.
E. K. Waterman Jr. to David Symmes, lot
on SW line of East Fifteenth street. ICO NW of
Twenty-first avenue, NW K by SW 140. belr.g
lot 17. block 22. San Antonio, East Oakland; $lu.
David Symmes to E. K. Waterman Jr.. lot
on SW line of East Fifteenth street. 123 NW of
Twenty-first avenue, NW 25 by SW 140. belns
lot IS. block 22, San Antonio. East Oakland;
HO.
Mary D. Mathews to Mary A. and Teresa C.
Mathews, parcel of land bounded S by Russel
street, W by San Pablo avenue, N by Tompkln»
street. If produced, and E by Mathews street.
If produced, Berkeley; also personal property;
gift.
Walter and Artemlse Deakin. C. H. and Rlz
pah Phillips to Mary E. MoWhorter. lot on W
line of Telegraph avenue, 43*.O7 N of Woolsey
street, N 62.23, W 136.73, S 60, E 120 to begin
ning, being portion of plat 51, Ro. V. and D.
Peralta. Berkeley: $10.
George and Frederlcka Fischer to D. D. Ehat
tuck lot on E line of High street, 233 N from
dividing line of lands of W. B. Clement from
lands of H. Robinson, N £0 by E 200, being lot
4, block L Clement's Addition to Livermore,
Brooklyn Township; $100.
Emella F. Nunea to Bento R. Kerreira. lot
beginning at a »take on E line of San Lorenzo
avenue, at SW corner of lands of A. Johnson,
thence SE 2.53 chains by NE 242 feet. City of
San Leandro. Eden Township; $10.
Jonathan Beale to Mary A. Beal* and Ar.s!i
Wand. lot 34. block 443, Briyss Tract. Map 2.
Oakland: gift.
John and Josephine Breen to George H. Bar
rett, lot on NW corner of Thirtieth and Linden
streets. N ICO. W 82. S 25. E 50. S 73. W 32 to
beginning 1 , being lot 27 and N 25 feet of lota ~i
and 23, block £63, Glascock Tract, Oakland;
$1250.
Walter S. Jewell to Frances I. Jewell. Jot on
N lire of Albton street. l^^H W of Telegraph
avenue. W 10o. N 1»2:7. E ICtf, S 113 to begin
ning. Oakland; «60OO.
Rosalie Barnickel to William Barnlckel, lot
on E line of Webster street, 75 S of Thirl, 8
25 by E 73. being lot 5. block 16. Oakland; $10.
Delia McDonald to John Breen, lot on N lin»
of Milton street. 123 W of San Pablo avtmi»,
W 23 by N 10<\ being the W half of lot 16, Mll
ton Tract, Oakland; $1000.
J. A. A. and Elizabeth Sander. J. Reimer <ad
mlnlstrator estate of Martin Foye). Oatherina
D1ehl anit Thomas Prather (by J. B. Lanktree.
commissioner) to Home Security Bulldlne an.1
Loan Association, lot rn E line of Campb*;i
street. £0:7 N of Williams. N 50 by E 75. belDj
Iot3 3 and 4, blook 403. rr.ap of Gibbons property
at Oakland Point. Oakland; J27«6.
W. C. and LJllle G. Moran to Charles T.
Roach, lot on SE line of Mariposa avenue an*!
Dover street, 8 45 by E 125. lot S, block F.
Brumaarim Tract. Oakland; $10.
E. W. and Sarah E. JicOraw to Luna P.
Griffith, lot 3. block C. Hlllegrass Tract, map S.
Berkeley: J10.
Charles T. Rnach to W. C. Moran. lot on E
line of Ninth street. 242 N of Channlng Way,
N 40 by E 130. being the N 10 feet of let 21 and
S 10 feet of lot 22. block 1C2. corrected mao of
Raymond Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Paul Cullen to Ann T. Cu'.len, lot 4. block 3.
map of property of State University Homestea.1
Association. Berkeley; gift.
Charles C. and Elizabeth Day to John Hust.
lot on S line of Delaware street. 100 E of Grant.
E 50 by S 133. being lot 45 on map of Ranges 3
and 4, Hardy Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Frederic Parrott to Theodore Mason, begin
ning at most W corr.(*r of tract of land con
veyed by Frederic Parrott to Julia A. Harrl
wick. May 9. 1839. and recorded in S93 d. 244.
thence 5E 2-0 to NW line of county road Nr>
143S. thence SW SO, NW 1S7.S0. NE 20.54 to begin
nlrg, Brooklyn Township; $l<v>.
Jarres Webster to Elizabeth M. Webster lo^
on NE corner of p.iy street and Centra; avenue
E lf*0 by N Vtt, belnp lots C7 to 40. block II '
Fitch Tract. Alam^rla; sl:'t.
Theresa S. and R. C. God-lard to John H.
Crr.be. lot on W line of Pearl street 75 25 8
of Ruby. W 107.13. S 40. E 102.34. N 4>>.21. to b»-
K-lnninK. belns: lot ">3 and portion lot 54. map
of the American Investment Union Tract No
1. Oakland: $10.
John H. an^ Florence M. Grube to Adolfo O.
Otero. sani?, Oakland; $22^0.
A. J. and Sophie M. Sr.yder. Lester G. anrt
Mary I. Burpee to It. W. Sa*e (wife of
Rollin P.). lot on S line of Thirty-seconi
Ftreet. 12S.T.S W of Telegraph avenue. W 3.1, 3
14i\ E 31. N 3?. E 2. N 110. to n^K'.nntns. br'.n?
portion lot* 6. 3. 4 and 3, block 2035, Itowlan.l
Tract. Oakland; ?li.
Myron L. anl llebecca Wurts to James E.
Hunt, lot 2, blook J. map of Kiinkerviile Tract.
Oakland Township; $10.
S. J. Anderson to Emerett L. Anderson, lot
on W line of a rubllc street 60 feet wide, men
tioned in dee-1 Marie HillegRS9 et al. to Jennt*
E. Barrow, rpcordo'l December 21, 1S3S. In 3C
D. 13H, distant 1"> N of Bancroft way, N" 35. W
157.2?.. S 3.".. E 137.2:;. to boffinninsr. portion plat
71. Ra-cho V. and D. Peralta, I".»r!;eley : Kift.
A. R. and Mae L. Slaughter to Home B«tlr|
ing Company fa corporation), lots 4 to 12. V,.
21 to :3. 31 to 35. block A; lots !«, 17 and IS, the
N K of lot 15, and all of lot 32. block B; lot
16. S i~ of lot 17 and N of lot 13. all of lots
11 to 13 and N V~ of Jot 10. all of lots 21. 23 24
2G and N u of lot 27. block C. all in the Frult
vale Station Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
John T. Coe to Henry A. ButtPrs. lot on W
linn of Ellen or Horton street. 423 S of A or
Thirty-second. S Cl by W 133. block N. map of
lands Peralta Homestead. Oakland; J10.
Marv S. and J. H. MacDonaUJ to Harry H.
and Emily Adams, lot on SW corner of Prince
street and Shitturk avenue. S 30. W 1C9.33. N
CO. E 112.CS. to bfglnninir. heinsr portion lot 1.
block II. amended map Newbury Tract, Berke
lev; V.Q.
J. It and E. F. H*v»th to William Corbin.
lot on NE corr.fr of Jor.os avr.ue and Thirl
jstref-t. NE 1» by NW .IT-", bring portion block
J of Ar.rirew Jones subdivision of Brooklyn
Township. Brooklyn Township: $10.
George and Anna E. Lydlksen to A. H. Dun
combe lot on NE line of East Twenty-seventh
street. S2D SE of Nineteenth avenue. ST1 SO by
NE 140. block 92. map of Northern Addition to
Town of Brooklyn, subject to mortgage, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Villlam S. and Susan T. Lewis to R. W.
Gtaff. Iot3 18 ami 17, block Sfc map of Nortn
Alameda Tract. Brooklyn Township; tZO.
Builders' Contracts.
Leonard and Jennie A. Georges (o-wraer*).
with Charles Stockholm (contractor), architect
C. Johnson— AH work for a two-story and base
ment frame dwelling on the NW corner of
Valiejo and Webster streets. W 35 by N 127:6-
JS6W.
Claus Spreckela (owner}, with Duffy Bros
(contractors), architects. Reid Bros.— Plumbing
and gas fitting for a five-story store and ofHro
bu'.Mtn* on the S line of Market street be
tween Thlr4 ard Fourth, adjacent to the Cla-i*
Spreckels building; J310O. e A-lao»
Katharine Wren (wife of James Wren>
owner, with Daniel Einstein, contractor an,»
architect-All work for a two-story frarr*
dwelling and ba-soment on S line of Uu,,m
arenue. 90 E of Webster street. E 23 by ul\
Claus Spreckels. owner, with Smyth Bros '
contractors, architects. ReM Bros i_ \Jtii
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed new,
4s 4d. Futures— Quiet; October, 4a 2%d; No
vember, 4s 3%d; December, 43 2%d.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter. 6s 3Hd; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 6d: No.
1 California. 6s 6d(g-6s 6%d. Futures — Quiet;
September, 6s 2%d; December, 6s 4*id.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 20.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
Standard California, 6s 6d@6s 6Vid; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands— 6 13-16d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Sept. 20.— Consols, 98 5-l«@98 7-16;
Sliver, 28 13-16d; French rentes, lOOf 10c; wheat
cargoes off coast, more; cargoes on passage,
sellers asking 3d; No. 1 Standard California. 32s
9d; Walla Walla, 30s 9d; English country mar
kets, firm.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Sept. 20.— Wheat— Steady; Bluo
stem, 60c; Club, 57c, both for export.
WASHINGTON.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept 20.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
55 1 >4S'57Hc: Valley. 60c; Bluestem, 59060c.
Forelsn wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 403,673.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 20.— Clearings, 1349,
939; balances. $93,620.
Portland's Business,
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— Cotton futures— The
opening call was at a decline of 12@15 points.
The selling was general and with advioes gen
erally bearish. The decline was increased to
27S30 uolnts. At times the market was very
irregular and almost panicky. The close was
barely steady at a net decline of 25@29 points.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— Aside from another
drop of 30 points in tin the local market for
metals exhibited little animation. ' The los»
was caused by weak advices from abroad and
a lack of speculative Interest. The close was
very weak at S28g28 37^- PlS iron warrants
ruled dull and unchanged at $9 37V4@10 37V4.
Lake copper, dull at $16 75@17. Lead was dull
at $4 87H and spelter 14 1ik&4 15. The brokers'
price for lead was {4 and for copper $16 75®
16 S7H-
Neiv York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 13.000; sheep, choice and
feeders about steady, others 10c lower; -lambs,
15c to 25c lower; good to choice wethers, $3 80®
4 15; fair to choice mixed. J3 25@3 85; Western
sheep. $3 75@4 10; Texas sheep. J2 50@3 50; na
tive lambs, 54@5 75; Western lambs, *4 eO^S 40.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 19.000; to-morrow.
20,000; left over, 2000; opened stronger; closed
steady; top, S5 62%; mixed and butcher3, $5 15.®
C 60; good to choice heavy. $3 10@S 57<t; rough
heavy, $4 95(f5 05; light. 15 23ig5 62»4; bulk of
sales. $5 25S5 45.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts,
S00O; including 2000 Westerns and 800 Texana;
choice native steers, steady to strong; medium
and common stock 10c lower; Westerns and
Texans, ScflOc lower; natives, good to prim;
steers. 15 45@5 90; poor to medium, $4 60® 5 40;
selected feeders, slow, $3 90<g4 65: mixed stock
ers, $2 7503 80; cows, $2 90©4 40; heifers, $3@
5 10; cannere, $2@2 80' bulls, $2 60@4 60; calves,
J4 50® 6 60; Texas fed steers. *4 40@5 10; grass
ers. *3 5O@4 25; bulls, ?2 5<Xg3 60.
age 6Sc; George's Late, boxes. 65c to 75c, aver
ave 72c; Levl Cling, boxes, C5c to SI. average
92c. Prunes — Italians, single crates, 90c to
51 10, average *l QL Eight cars fruit sold to-
Chicago Livestock Market,
THURSDAY. Sept. 20— I p. m.
Bid. Ask" Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05-Justlee 06 07
Alta 02 IHKentuck — 01
Andes 07 08 , Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 20 2liMexican 27 28
Best & Belcher. 2G 23 j Occidental 07 08
Bullion C2 04 Ophlr 43 43
Caledonia 41 43;Overman .10 11
Chollar 20 21 Potosl IS 19
Challenge Con.. 24 25; Savage .' IS IS
Confidence S2 83 Scorpion 01 —
Con Cal & Va..l 10 1 15;Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02! Sierra Nevada. 30 SI
Con New York. — Cl: Silver Hill 37 33
Eureka Con — 45;St Louis 11 —
Crown. Point.... 12 13, Standard 4 10 —
Exchequer 01 02 i Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry. 33 34 1 Union Con 16 IS
Hale & Norcrs. 20 21 Utah 05 06
Julia 03 04'Yellow Jacket.. 22 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. €9*4 70 1 ,; Spring Valley. %M 97
Marm County. 51v_. —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac L Co 43 43Vi
Cent L & P Co — 4% Sac El G&RCo 33 —
Eqult G L Co. 3^ 3; 8 S F G & E.... 53*i C4
Mutual El Co. — H j San Francisco. 5 3«£
O Q L & II.. — 'SO^ilStkn G & E Co — 14
Pac Gaa- Imp. . 52 12% i
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 228 — >
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 63 — (Lon P & A.... 132*4 —
Bank of Cal. ..409 — I Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cal S D & T..105 - jNev Nat Bk... — —
First Natlonl.. 287^300 i
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S &. L..1370 1S31 Sav & L So.... 74 —
Hum H & L.. - - Sec Sav Bk.... - —
Mut Sav Bk... 4S<4 — ,Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U....5O7H — 1
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — OSL4H....- 45
G-ary-st — — I Presidio — 22>*
Market-st 67 67U"
POWDER STOCKS.
Califorrla - l«Vi Vigorit Z%, 3Vi
Giant Con Co. 85 86 1
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 7% 8U KUauea SP Co — 22
Haw C & S Co 88 89 Makaweli S Co 44 44^4
Honokaa S Co. 30% 31 Onomea S Co.. 23 28!*
Hutch S P Co. 25 — Paauhau S Co. 31 ZV.i
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Paclc Assn.125 125M, Pac A F A.... «4 —
Cal Fruit Assn 87 — Pac C Bor Co.loO lal%
Mer Ex As*n.. <»7 W Par Paint Co. 13 —
Oceanic S Co.. 93% 93»i
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Equitable Gas 3 «2Vj
$2000 Los Angelea Ry 5s 107 oO
5 Oceanic S S Co 93 IS
25 S F Gas and Electric Co 53 25
Street —
76 Sacramento Electric, Gaa and Rjr.. 35 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Konbkaa »1 00
40 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 00
45 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 25
6 Makaweli .44 00
5 Oceanic S S Co 93 62 l i
$ZDO') Sacramento Elec., Gas and Ry 5s.. ICO 25
10 S F Gaa and Electric Co 53 75
10 Spring Valley Water 96 50
Street—
25 Giant Powder Con 82 23
20 S F Gaa and Electric Co 53 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlncr Session.
Board —
200 Home Oil 4 50
500 Cala-Standard 40
600 Four Oil Co z 49
5 Hanford 72 50
2S0 McKlttrick Consolidated 20
400 Sterling Oil and Development Co... 1 35
Street—
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co 60
Afternoon Session.
2200 Cala-Standard „ 41
600 Four Oil Co 4S
10 Kern River i 13 25
100 Rex 1C0
6W Sterling O and D Co 2 CO
100 Sterling O and D Co 2 05
MINING STOCKS,
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Beard yesterday:
Morning Session.
300Chollar 20 100 Mexican V
50 Con Cal & Va..l 15 600 Ophlr 45
10O Gould &. Curry. 34 200 Utah 05
200 Gould & Curry. 33
Afternoon Session.
300 Chollar 2\ 200 Overman 11
100 Con Cal & Va..l 15 600 Sierra Nevada. 11
300 Crown Point.... 13! 200 Union Con 17
100 Gould & Curry. Si!
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 20 200 Gould * Curry. S3
200 Best & Belcher. 27. 200 Gould & Curry. 34
200 Challenge Con.. 25 1 100 Hale & Norcrs. 20
100 Con Cal & V.I l2Vj! 300 Mexican 27
100 Confidence 83! 200 Ophir 46
300 Crown. Point 13 300 Polos 1 19
2t« Crown Point 14 i 20O Union. Con 17
Afternoon Session.
600 Alpha Con 05 400 Ophir 4«
200 Best & Belcher. 27 5O> Overman 10
lOi) Best & Belcher. 28 500 Sierra Nevada. 31
600 Con Cal & V.I 12V» 250 Silver Hill 3S
600 Hale & Norcrs. 21 200 Union Con 17
900 Justice 07 200 Yellow Jacket.. 23
300 Mexican 27 1C0 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Do 5s — 107& S V Water 6s.ll3^114'.i
N Cal Ry 6s..— Ill Do 4s W3 tvfn
Oak G L & H.K'9 — Do 3d mtg... 10U4 —
OaJt Tran 63.. 117 — Stocktn Gaa 6a — 102Vi
Geary-st R 5s. — 99 IP & Cl Ry 6s. 104 —
H C & S 5l4s. — — P & O R R 68.115 —
Do 8* — 10s Powell-st R 6sll7 —
L A Ry 5s 107H107%|f : ar 1. «i.«K59.iu»H —
L A Lt Co 8s. — — S F & SJV 53.120 121
Do gntd 6s.. — — s k o' 1 a! 6a..inv;n.H
L A gntd 5s. ..100 102V4>S P of A 63....IIIUIIIU
L A P R R 5s. — 101 S f C bs UW5)
Market-st 63...12S — (Series A).... — 112
Do 1st M 5s. 117^ — Do ff-eries B)111 —
N C N G R 7s. — 115 SPCJs (1306). 1134 —
N K of Cal Cs.113 — Do (1912) 121H122^i
Do 5s 113 HS^, S P R 1st gntd — —
N P C R R 6s. 101 — S P Br fis 132*, —
FOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20.
Flour, qr sks 13,206! Middlings, sks... 165
Wheat, ctls....... 1,120 1 Mustard, sks 15
Barley, ctls {.. 390 j Wool, bales 1SS
Oats, ctls... .. 316|Eggs, doz 11040
Cheese, ctls 12|Wine. gala 1S.7C0
Butter, ctls 319 Sugar, ?ks 78
Tallow, ctls...... 10 Pelts, bdls 41
Beans, sks 2SStHides, No 191
Potatoes, sks..... 6.1S0 Leather, rolls 145
Onions, Fks SOSiPugar, bbls 100
Hops, bales 43 1 Quicksilver, fisks IZO
Hay, tons.. 1931
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 5,2541
/ »
THE STOCK MARKET.
A1J stocks ware quiet, with no fluctuations
worthy of mention.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
THURSDAY. Sept. 20— 2 p. m.
, UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.A-k. "*¦ BM.A-k
4s quar coup. .116 117 4s'do'cp (new)134H135vi
4s do reg. 113 116 3s do coup 110 111
MISCELLANEOUS BONDR
Cal-st Cab os.llS^ — -lOnk Wat«"- As. - tn*
C C Water 5s. — 107& I Oceanic SS 5s. 107. 107T4
Ed L & P 6a.. — 130 |Om C Ry 6S...128 ,—
F & Cl Ry 63.. — — pac O Imp 4a.luifc — ,
Receipts of Produce
METALS— Several descriptions arc lower, as
follows: Pig Tin, lc; Lead Pipe and Sheet
Lead. VJc, and Shot 10c; Pig Lead Is quoted at
$4 70@5 10, a lowering of 60c on the outsice
figure.
COAL — Wellington, $3 per ton; SouthfleldWel
lington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $7: Coos bay,
$5 60: Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Wallsend, $9;
Cumberland. $12 In bulk nnd J13 25 In sacks:
Pennsylvania . Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel, $12
per ton; Coke, $18 per ton In bulk ami, SIS in
Eacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
1000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 7.05c; Powdered. 6.65c; Candy
Granulated, 6.65c; Dry Granulated, 6.55c; Con
fectioners' A, 6.65c; Magnolia A, 6.15c; Extra
C, 6.06c; Golden C, 6.95c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for leas than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels,
7.3Cc : boxes, 7.55c per lb.
BAGS — San Quentin Bags, $3 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags, 5*ic; Wool Bags, 2SH®32Hc; Fleece
Twine, 7Vic; Fruit Bags. 6%@6%c for white and
8W@S*ic for bleached jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small. 5%c for
medium and 5V4c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, E®5V4c; dressed Hogs, 8@8V4c.
LAMB— S08%c per lb.
All descriptions are as previously quoted.
BEEF — 5@6c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small, S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; ewes, 7c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL — Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective, 129
14c; Middle County, free, 14©16c; - MUdle Coun
ty, defective, 12@14c: Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9@10c; Southern Mountain free. 7
months'. 114/12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', 9®llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
iil'c; Nevada, 13J?16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6^4SSc: do Lambs'. 8
@9c; Middle County. 9011c per lb.
HOPS— New, lCKgUe per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 8@SV4c; medium, 8%c; light, 8c; Cow
hides, Sc; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 15c; Dry Calf,
15c; culls and brands, 12c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings, 20@30c each; short Wool, 30@50c each;
medium, COfg-SOc; long "Wool, 80c@?l 10 each;
Horse Hides, salt, J2@2 25 for large, Jl 75 for
medium, $1 for small and 60c for colts; Horse
Hides, dry. Jl 50 for large. $1 25 for meSlum. $1
for small and 25350c for colts. Deerskins —
Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins
—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4#c per lb: No.
2, 3©3%c; grease. 2@2Hc.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. S%c: three
half-barrels, SHc: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
SVlc; five tierces, SV4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS-Dacon, lie p«r lb f or
heavy. HUc for light medium, 13c for light. 13'/4c
for extra light and 15^c for sugar-cured: East
ern eugar-cured Hams. 12Hc: Mess Beef, J12 per
bbl; extra Mess. 113; Family, 114; extra Prime
Pork. $15 50; extra cle2r, $19; Mess, |16 60;
Smoked Beef. 12M:@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9Hc for pure: half-barrels, pure,
SVjc; 10-lb tins. 10c: 6-lb tins, lOHc.
There Is nothing- new to repovt In this mar
ket, trade being dull.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13^@144c for bright and 12V4
<fil3c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7«i<ffSc: lleht amber extracted. 73"Vic: dark. 6
fir6Hc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 10c; Xo. 2,
8c; No. 1 hardshell, 9Hc; Xo. 2. 7%c; Almonds,
12©13Uc for paper shell, 9H^10c for Eastern
and 5!fif6c for California: Brazil Nuts, ll@12V4c;
Filberts, 12S13c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 E0@5.
'RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 2c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. 8>4c; choice, "Me; standard. 6V»c;
prime, 5c: unbleached Sultanas. 6c; Seedless.
EO-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6V£c;
3-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $160; Fancy
Clusters. J2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
The following from a New York paper shows
how small Prunes are running this year: "A
telegram from the Coast yesterday said that
the percentage of large-sized Prunes being
graded is constantly growing smaller, at pres
ent running not over 3 per cent."
FRUITS — Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sires, 3c;
40-50s 7c; 50^608. 5Vic; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs, 3%c;
80-SOa, 2%c; 90-100s, 2!4c; 100s and over. 2c;
ruhles, He premium; Sonomas, V»c and San
Joaqulns Uo less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 5*gSc
for Royals and 10<311Hc for Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 5<g6c; sun-dried, 3<§4c; Peaches,
f>@5^c for standard, BQti^c for choice and 7®Sc
for fancy: Pears. 3Q:7c; Plums, pitted, 5©6c;
unpltted. ISIHe; Nectarines, SQ5V£c for red and
5Vi*i6c for white.
The car of Utah Honey has not yet arrived,
Prices for this article continue high.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedling Oranges, J1®1 50;
Lemons, $1 25@2 for common and {2 50@3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5 60; Ba
nanas, $1 5O'u2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, {1 ou<d
3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
MELONS — Nutmegs, 25360c per case; Canta
loupes, 75c<5$l 25 per crate; Watermelons, $10®
20, with extra large at $25 per 100.
GRAPES— Muscat, 35@60c per crate; black, 35
@60c; Tokay, 40@6Oc; Isabella, 50@75c; Wine
Graces. Jlo<J20 for white and J2.0S2S per ton
for Zlnfandel.
PEACHES
¦25@60c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50®5 per chest for large
and Ji'aT for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $4®5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4 50@6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb.
FIGS— 25@C5c for double layer boxes."
POMEGRANATES— 35@65c per small box.
PLUMS — 25@50c per box and 60@75o per crate.
Tree fruits show no change worthy of note.
Supplies of Pears and Peaches continue liberal.
The Panama steamer brought up 66S. boxes
Mexican Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—25®50c per box for common and
COcfi'U for good to choice.
PEARS— Bartlett, 60c@$l 25 per box: other va
rieties. 25<??<;0c per box.
QUINCES— 25<S60c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Coos Bay. 13 50 per box.
"Watermelons are doing better again, owing
to the warm weather. Other Melons are about
the same.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EGOS— Quoted at 17%@22«4c for store and 27H
@32&c i>er dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18®22V4c.
CHEESE— New. 9@10c: old. 8@S^4c: Toung
America, l(XS.10Hc; Eastern, 13&@14c; Western,
10£tl2c per lb.
Sucolies of Butter continue light and the
market Is very firm at the advance already
noted. Cheese Is steady, and there Is less on
the market. *
The advance In Eggs has shifted much of the
demand to Kastern, which are In ample supply.
Prices stand about as before.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25^@2$%c; Sec
onds, 24<3'25c.
Dairy — Fancy. 23%@I4c; good to choice, 220
25c; common, 17%@Ilc
Creamery tub— 20@22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
and 12@13c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 15®16o;
Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 50; Goslings, %\ 50^,1 75:
Ducks, %W> for old and $3 50<g>4 50 for young;
Hens, $3 50@5: Young Roosters, $4g4 50; Old
Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers, $3@3 50; Broilers,
S3fi3 25 for large and $2 50® S for small; Pigeons,
ti'al 25 per dozen lor old and $1 TSfe- tor
Squabs.
GAME— English Snipe. $2@2 50; Doves, 75@30c
per dozen: Cottontail Rabbits, Jligl 60; Brush
Rabbits, $1; Hare, "Ocffijl; Grouse. SSQ9; Sage
Hens, — — ; Mountain Quail, $2 50@3 per dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO-. CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21. 1900.
Nrjo York Grain and Produce.
Foreign Futures.
Firkir
1SS19C,
8
California Fruit Sales.CHARGES OF FRAUD IN
CENSUS NOT BORNE OUT
Allegations Made by Secretary of
Tacoma's Board of Trade Not
Substantiated.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 20.— The Census
Bureau to-day Issued the following:
"Special Agent Victor H. Olmstead has
returned to Washington and has made to
the Director of the Census a report con
cerning the census of Seattle and Tacnma.
After giving due consideration to the
statements made by Mr. Olmstead it has
been decided that there will be no sub
stantial change in the figures submitted
by the supervisor for the Western Dis
trict of the State of Washington. It is
stated that the secretary of the Board of
Trade of Tacoma, who first called atten
tion to the alleged frauds in Seattle, was
not able when interviewed to furnish any
evidence of competent character showing
willful . misconduct on the part of the
enumerators who took the census in
Seattle. Other facts brought out in the
investigation evinced further, that there
was no Intention either on the part of the
citizens or those engaged in the census
work of padding or making fraudulent
returns in any way. TJie actual figures
will not be made public until the sched
ules are tabulated on the electrical tab
ulating machines." •
Steamer Tees' in Quarantine.
Special Klepatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C Sept 20. 1 — Because of
suspicion that her purser Is afflicted with
smallpox the steamer Tees, which reached
here from Skaguay with 160 passengers,
sixty from Dawson, has been ordered to
the quarantine station. ,
Found Gold Nugget Worth 81100. I
John Costa,, a well known California
miner, has made another rich strike on
his possessions In Lady Canyon, between
Downieville and Sierra. He arrived in
town last evening and before retiring at
tho Lick turned over to the night clerk
for safe keeping a fine gold nugget which
weighs fifty-eight ounces. It is one of
the biggest nug-gets ever seen here. In
shape It resembles a lady's shoe. The
nugget is worth $1100. It was dug up by
one of Mr.- Costa' s miners a week ago in
a locality that had not before been ex
plored. • •
* Christian Association Reception.
The members of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association were tendered • a recep
tion last evening at their hall by ladies
of the Mothers' Club, assisted by youns
ladies of the various churches of this city.
The affair opened the winter social season
of the association. An orchestral concert
was given in the spacious parlors on the
third lloor, and refreshments were served
In a prettily decorated booth In the cor
ridor. ' , .
Among the club ladies present were
Mrs. B. C. Wright, president; Mesdames
Whitney, Mullen. Barnes, Joy, Deichmil
lcr. Carter, Blackwell. Poulour, Williams,'
Bchuette. Bennett and Jackson and the
Misses Perkins. • .. I
GOVERNOR WOLCOTT HAS
* DECLINED EMBASSADORSMP
Notifies the President That He Will
Not Accept the Proffered
Position.
BOSTON, Sept. 20.— The Journal to-day
announces that former Governor Roger
"Wolcott will not accept the post of Em
bassador to Italy, tendered him by Presi
dent MeKinley. He has notified the State
Department - by cable from Europe and
also by letter.
WASHINGTON". Sept 20.-President
MeKinley has been advised by ex-Gover
nor Roger 'Wolcott of Massachusetts of
his declination of the off pr of the post of
Embassador to Italy. The position was
tendered Mr. Wolcott upon the receipt of
the resignation of Embassador Draper.
QUITS PARLIAMENT.
Justin McCarthy Ann ounces. His Re
tirement on Account of
111 Health. ¦
LONDON. Sept. 20.— Justin McCarthy,
the novelist and historian, who- has been
a member of Parliament for North Long
ford since 1892, and who was formerly
chairman of the Irish Parliamentary
party, announces his. retirement from
Parliamentary life on account of failing
health. .
Noted Horse Dead
MIDDLETOWN. N*. T.. Sept. 20.— Polni
lus. sire of many noted track and rn«
horses and oon of Rysdyk's Hamnletoi
ian, is dead at Walden, ajred 2S years.
PROFESSORS DIFFER AS
TO EARTHQUAKE SHOCKS
What Men of Learning Are Say-
Ing of That Midnight
Temblor.
OAKLAND, Sept. 20.— From the differ
ing opinions of the eminent scientists in
charge, respectively, of Chabot Obser
vatory, Oakland, and the University of
California Observatory, Berkeley, it
would appear that what is an earthquake
In the college town is in Oakland a Fet
tling of terra lirma.
"A distinction without a difference,"
say the university wise men.
"A difference and a wide distinction."
pays Professor Charles Burckhaltcr, who
handles the paraphernalia at Chabot
Observatory.
Mere is what Professor A. O. Leuschner
cf Berkeley says of last night's disturb
ance: "The earthquake was recorded for
sbout twelve minutes on the seismograph
at the Ftudents' observatory. There were
no marked features about it except that
the shock came at dead of night and up
sot the equilibrium of slumbering Berke
ley. There was nothing of note on the
record mad'- by the Instrument."
"Last night's disturbance was not an
earthquake, but a landslip." said Profes
sor Burckhalter. "The crust of the earth
slid southward a fraction of an inch.
Tho shock occurred at the moment the
slide ceased. It was different from an
earthquake. In that the movement was in
a straight line, north to south."
"All landslips, geologically the displac
ing of a stratum of the earth, are earth
quakes." said Professor A. C. Lawson.
associate in the department of geology
at the university.
The learned professors leave the sub
ject In the position. "You getyour shock
and take your choice."
Young Ladies' Institute.
Young Ladies* Institute No. 7. In cele
bration of its thirttf-nth anniversary, gave
p. reception and ball In Golden Gate Hall
laPt evening. The hall was decorated in
I>ale blue and silver and all the members
were attired In white, producing a strik
ing contrast to the Kowns worn by many
of the lady guests. There was a large
attendance of the Ftcrncr ppx. The func
tion was under the direction of the fol
lowing committees:.
Arrangeir.ent*— Lizzie C. A. TVrry, Mary E.
Curlpy. Mursaret Ftaeock. Sadie Flaherty.
Annie K. Nyhan. Cora Flske. Mamie Gorman,
Clajre Farrcll. Katie Drlscoll and Man 1 Fay.
Flooi — Annie K. Nyhan (rtireetor). Martha
Coppa**, Marguerite Hill, Winnie Hyrne. «er
trude Lynch, Katie Cooper. Nellie Harrett.
Nellie i/owrle. Katie Green. Emma'L. McAllis
ter and Lottie O'Pea.
¦ ? ¦
Night School for Men.
The seventeenth season of the night
school for men at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association will open next Monday
evening.- This educational work on tho
part of the local association is closely re
lated to the broader work going on
throughout the country, nearly 30,000
young men studying In the association
classes.
Borne of the subjects offered are elec
tricity, mechanical drawing, civics, com
mercial l.iw, social economics, bookkeep
ing. English, arithmetic, Spanish, Ital
ian.' German, stenogr.iphy and history.
Registration closes on the 24th of Sep
tember. *
Bottle and Note, on Bakers Beach.
A bottle was picked up on Bakers beach
yesterday containing a message purporting
to have been written by three shipwreck
ed men in an open boat and In desperate
Ptraits. The matter was Riven an Investi
gation and the police think the message a
hoax. s
City Liable for Damages
City Attorney Lane Informed the Super
visors yesterday that he was aware of no
reason why the city would not be liable
for Injury caused to State wharves by the
filling in of a portion of Spear street, if
such wharves were in fact so damaged
by the city. Permanent improvements of
the character intended may be made, he
says, but with such precaution as to pre
vent Injury to the property of others.
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Sept. 20.
Tho racing meet of the Golden Gate
Fair Association will open on the track
of the California Jockey Club .at Emery
ville on Saturday afternoon and continue
for seven days.
A number of stables have returned from
the Sacramento State Fair to participate
in the Golden Gate meeting.
The association has offered a liberal
purse for a special race of gentlemen's
road horse? of Alameda County on
Wednesday,- September 26. Entries will
close Tuesday at 2 p. m. at the secretary's
office.
The officers of the Golden Gate Fair
Association are: President. "W. M. Kent;
vice president, A. G. Gurnett; secretary,
Joseph I. Diamond; directors— W. M.
Kent. P. E. Dalton. Alfred H. Cohen. R.
B. Milroy. H. M. Meek. C. S. Crlttenden,
Charles S. Neal and A. G. Gurnett.
The conditions of the different races are
very liberal, no purse offered being less
than $250, with one i300 purse hung up
each day. J. \V. Brooks, the well-known
official of the California Jockey Club, will
preside in the stand and also fill the role
of handlcapper. "Dick" Havey. well
known on the local track, will send tha
fields away.
For the accommodation of bettors
Caesar Young and "Bill" Langford. who
were successful In getting the privileges,
promise the most liberal odds. Both pen
cilers have had a world of experience, and
are not dealing: In gold bricks, like many
others in the profession.
Racinp will begin promptly at 1 o'clock
each day, and trains will run on the same
schedule time as during the California
Jockey Club season. Some great sport Is
promised, and a seven furlong- handicap,
which will bring together True Blue. El
Mido, Torslna (the latter a stake winner
at the recent Sacramento meeting:), Veau
vian. St. Rica (the crack two-year-oM)
end other fast ones, ahould prove a most
fetching attraction.
Running and Sulky Events
Programmed for Each
Day.
RACE MEET ON
OAKLAND TRACK
Oakland Office San Wnfidsco Call,
1113 Broadway, Pept 20.
The Bay County Athletic League will
hold Its second semi-annual field day at
the track of the University of California
Saturday afternoon at 2 o'cloclc Tho h!gh
schools which have entered for the vari
ous events are the Lowell and Lick of San
Francisco, the Oakland and Centrai of
this city and tha Berkeley High School.
An interesting feature of tho field day
will be the two-mile run, an event seldom
seen on this coast, but of much Import
ance on Eastern tracks. For tha relay
race each school will enter twenty-one
men, fifteen regulars and six substitutes.
The events and entries are as follows:
60-yard fiaah— Fir»t heat. Metcalf. C H. S. :
R Boettlger. E. II. 3.; Miranda, O. H. 3.
Second heat, Oc!ch»r. L. H. 8. ; Oalt, O. II. 8.;
Nelson. B. H. s. : Phl»i(!s. c. H. s.
Two-mile run— Morrow, Bibby, Martin, C. H.
S.; McCleave. Monson. B. H. 3.; We»tda.hl.
O. H. S.
SSO-yard run — Harrison. Wramp«lTneir, Mason.
B. H. S.; Button. C. H. S.; Doyen, C. 8. M.
A.; Smllle, Xorton. O. H. 9.
120-yard hurdles— First heat. Chaplin. B. H.
S. : Schilling. O. H. S. Second heat. Hickey.
B H. 9. : Lucas. O. H. S.
100-yard dash— First heat. Gray, C. H. S.; L»
Valliere. O. H. P.; ICtlsoP, B. Tl. S • Golcher,
L. H 8. Second heat, Wllcox, O. H. S :
Yeacb, C B. H.; Gait. O. H. S. ; Monson. B.
H. S.
440-yard ran — Hawli»r. Harrison, Xeedham. B.
H. S. ; Doyen, C. S. it. A.; La Va!ll*r*. Con
nors. O. H. 8.; Fleron, Prentice. L. H. 8.
220-yard dash— First heat, Hughe*. O. II. 8.:
Gunly B. H. 8.: Metcalf, C. II. 9. Second
heat. Gray. C. H. S. : Wilcajc. O. H. S. : Finn.
B. H.-S.
220-yard hurdl<»»— First heat. Chaplin, B. H.
S. ; Lucas, O. H. 8. Second heat, Burpee. O.
H. 8.: R. Boettlirer. B. H. S.
Mile run — Cloush, Westdahl. O. H. 8.: Mo-
Clean. O. Boettlger. Mason. rt. H. P. ; La
Grange. L. H. S. ; Morrow. Blbby. Martin, C.
H. 6.
Pole vault— Volz. Mon»on, B. H. R.: Burpee.
Miranda, Schilling. O. H. 8. : Blbby. Shipman,
C. H. S.
Broad Jump— Metcalf. Schilling. Miranda, O.
H. S.; Chaplin. Hickey, B. H. S. : Hinds, H.
Metcalf. C. H. S.; Doyen. C. S. M. A.
12-pound shot put— Vola. O. Boettiffer. Haw
ley. B. H. S. : Conners. Williams, O. H. S. :
Hinds. Gray. C. H. S.; Kidd. L...H. 9.
HlRh Jump— Hickey, Needham, Finn, B. H.
S. ; Hall. Shipman. C. H. 8.; Metcalf, Hughes.
La Valliere. O. H. S.
13-pound hammer threw — Vola, O. Boettlser.
B. H. 8.; Conners, Williams. O. H. S. ; Hinds.
Gray. C H. S^
* •
Bay County League Is to
Hold a Semi-Annual
Field Day.
HIGH SCHOOLS
ATHLETIC MEET
T HE Republicans of San Francisco in
¦ convention assembled declare their un
qualified devotion to the principles of
the national Republican party as* enunci
ated In the platform adopted at Philadel
phia, and they hereby express their un- .
bounded admiration and affection for Mc-
Klnlei- and Roosevelt, who have been se
lected by the party to carry the banner of
Republicanism to another national victory.
We commend the splendid, the glorious
achievements of the administration of Pre*i
confldence In his re-elfctlon.
Fan Francisco, during the term of Presi
dent McKlnlfy, has prospered as never be
fore: s:>lf-!nter«>ja. if nothing else, should
incline the citizens of our city to vote for
the retention of the Republican party in
power; hut no appeal to th<» people of thi3
metropolis ot the Pacific West upon higher
upon nobler grounds. The Republican
party stands for national grandeur and
glory; for human rights; for a national pol
icy of protection to Aim-rican Industries and
American labor; for souwi money and finan
cial Integrity. MeKinley and Roosevelt are
the personal embodiment of these prlnct*
pics, of these ideas. The future of Cali
fornia and of our great city Is wrapped up
in the continuance of the nations.! Repub
lican party in power.
W© indorse to the fullest extent the ad
mirable platform adopted by the Republican
party of California at the State convention
recently held at Santa Cruz. TVe have no
local 'issue in Sa.n Francisco this year and
we take the occasion to appeal to the peo
ple of the city to elect Republican Senators
and Assemblymen to the end that we may
secure the passage of a Just apportionment
bill and carry out th» purposes and policies
indorsed and advocated by tho party in the
Santa Cruz platform.
We especially lndor.=e the commendation
of our Governor. Henry T. Gage, for the
able, fearless and economical manner in
which the State Government has been con
ducted under his administration.
We heartily approve the course followed
by our Representatives in Congress, Julius
Kahn and Eugene F. Loud, and earnestly
commend them to the voters of their dis
tricts for re-election.
We declare ourselves and the Republican
party unreservedly in favor of the adoption
of the proposed amendment- to the constitu
tion of the State, providing for a primary
election law; and we earnestly urge upon
the' electors of the city and county of San
Francisco, without distinction of party, the
support of tho amendment, to the end that
party organization may be placed upon a
secure basis and made to represent the will
of the party, freed from the control of boss
rule, and -we Instruct our Senators and As
semblymen to do everything In their power
to secure the enactment of a new primary
election law In conformity to the amend
ment which, we. confidently believe, will
be ratified.
We favor the adoption of the proposed
amendment to the constitution of the State,
providing for the establishment of District
Appellate Courts.
We heartily Indorse the plank in the State
platform of our party which pledges addi-
.tlonal financial aid to the university
through the comlnB Legislature.
We pledKe, our Legislative nominees to a.
strictly economical administration of State
affairs, assuring the taxpayer that the bur
dens of government will be maintained at
the lowest point consistent with a. proper
administration of the affairs of State and a
due regard for the good name and stand
ing of our commonwealth.
Let the Republicans of San Fnanclsco
stand together during this national cam
palK" and uphold the administration of
President MeKinley. Let it not b« said that
San Francisco, whose people have prospered
more than those of any other city In the
Union, have been ungrateful for tho benefits
they have received. Let the citizens of this
metropolis of the golden West, in this year
of our semi-centennial, vote for MeKinley
and Roosevelt, for protection and prosperity^
for sound money and for. national gran
deur and glory. I<et us, in a word, sustain
the national Republican party as the rep
resentative of national unity, of human lib
erty, of financial integrity and of the policy
of protection, — as the embodiment of the
wisest political policies and the purest
political principles of the age.
THOS. P. WOODWARD, Chairman.
12:30 o'clock and at the Oakland Taber
nacle at 3 p. m.
J. M. Henry will formally open his cam
paign on Saturday nlpht, September 23.
at a joint meeting at Palo Alto of the
Bryan Anti-Imperlaiistic Club of Stanford
University and the Bryan and Stevenson
Club of Talo Alto.
J. F. Farraher, candidate for Congress
in the First District, will open his cam
paign in Trinity County some time next
week.
The formal opening of the Democratic
campaign in San Francisco will take place
to-morrow night, when a rally will be
held at Mechanics' Pavilion. Charles A.
Towne, the distinguished free silver ora
tor and the only Eastern Democratic
orator so far assigned to the coast, ¦will
the committee on permanent organization, v
Mr. Dirkelspiel will read the report" J
"A motion," yelled Ruef. "You hayej,
shut out all debate. Now I want tp make »
a motion cognate to this report. J,
Bergerot's gavel dropped on Ruef 8 pro- »
test and Dinkelspiel was finally permitted J.
to read the Ketly-Crlmmlns "order of t>us->
iness " He had scarcely begun whenj,
Ruef disgustedly moved that the report .
be adopted without reading. He was.,
seconded by almost all of the decent ele-t
ment in the house. Bergerot started toj,
put the Question, but his work was tool
raw for even Martin Kelly and he with J,
others round him demanded that the re-,1,
port bo read.
Then Dinkelspiel finished and BergerotW
again started to put the question when
L. A. Rae of the Korty-fourth Jumped to
the platform with a minority report, for
which ho demanded a hearing. Bergerot
attempted to suppress him, but the anti-
Kelly force would not have It ana ne was
finally allowed to proceed.
The Kelly-Crimmins report recommend
ed that the temporary otticers of the con
vention be made permanent and that the
following additional officers be appointed:
Gc-orge B. Wells, vice chairman; Josepn
Tune, sergeant at "arms, and John fa.
Wllkins. Maurice Bushway, J. Wollard
Jr. and Michael Drisooll. assistant ser
geants at arms. It provided thereafter
fnr the following order of business: Ke
port of committee on platform and reso
lutions, nomination, of one Superior Judge,
unexnircd term: nomination of four btipe
rior Judges, nomination of rive Justices
of the Peace and reports of nominations
of Assembly district conventions.
The tenth article provided for the ap
pointment of the auditing committees
provided by the purity of elections law,
giving the power of appointment to the
chairman. ,
The eleventh article- provided merely
for "the selection of the Republican
County Committee."
The "twelfth article read as follows:
Re^nlvcd. That the Republican County Com
n ittf* of this city and county be and Is hereby
empowered to fi!l all vacancies from any causa
In nominations made by this convention or any
Senatorial • or Assembly district convention
v hose nomination is subject to ratification by
this committee.
Article thirteen was still another reso
lution as follows:
ResolviM. Thnt the chairman of this conven
tion ana A. B. Mahoney. one of the secretaries
of this convention, be and they are hereby au
thorized and empowered to file the necessary
certificate or certificates of the nominations
mane or ratified by this convention with tho
Election Commissioners of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, and with
ruch ether officers in this State as may be
required by law. ,
GRILTuTN'G FOB BERGEROT.
George L. Center Publicly Denounces
Him in Most Scathing "Words.
The minority report declared against
the maintenance of the temporary officers
and provided instead.for the election of
a permanent chairman and secretary. It
differed from the majority report most
notably In that it provided that the pres
ent County Committee should not be
changed and in support of this it set
forth that the present body was elected
to a two-year term, which would not ex
pire until the next annual municipal con
vention.
At the moment he finished the reading
of his report Kae moved that it be sub
stituted for the majority report and was
quickly seconded by Ruef. Bergerot at
tcmptf'd to lose the motion, but in the
end Ruef's insistence forced him to put
the question, but a vote was not had be
fore the then badly rattled chairman had
made a quarter of a dozen contradictory
rulings and broken nearly every staple
rule set down in parliamentary procedure.
So evident were his efforts to work the
will of his master that the clean element
on the floor, and of it wore many who
had known Rergerot for the best years
of his life, openly repudiated him and re
proved him with hisses that must have
been heard outside the hall and above the
uproar that had been raised.
One of Bergerot's one-t^ne admirers,
George L. Center of the Thirty-fourth
Assembly District, was not satisfied with
any such rebuke. Leaving his seat he
approached the stand and in most scath
ing terms voiced not only the opinion of
himself, but of the decent, high-minded
element which he represented. He ac
cused Bergerot of applying gag rule to
every one who offered fight to Keily and
his henchmen: of stating motions other
than those that had been made; of abus
ing . parliamentary law and usage, and
then Center finished on him m the follow
ing fierce arraignment:
"Mr. Bergerot, I have known you for
years. I have known your family and
there is none better in the city. 1 have
watched your course, 'and have admired
you— until to-night. ' By your actions in
this convention you have shown me that
ynu have left your career to stoop before
the bosses and that you stand ready to
do their every bidding. You have dis
graced yourself, you have disgraced your
family, your party and your city. I am
disgusted with you and wash my handa
of you. I shall now leave this hall, for
I decline to sit in any convention of which
Martin Kelly Is master.'*
And then, not deigning: Chairman
Bergerot the opportunity oi repiy, ne
turned and left the hall.
The motion to substitute the minority
report was lost and after still another up
roar the original motion of Dinkelsplel
to adopt the majority report was car
ried.
The report of the committee on plat
form and resolutions, the Kelly heelers
allowed to be read without interruption.
It was presented by Thomas P. Wood
ward, chairman of the committee, and
was adopted unanimously and with rous
ing cheers by both factions. A motion to
adjourn, carrying with it instructions to
the numerous Assembly and Senatorial
delegations to report their hominees next
Monday night, was then put and carried.
Monday evening next was set as the
date of the next session and upon that
occasion the nominations stated in the
order of business will be made.
DELEGATIONS TO NOMINATE.
"Will Put Assembly Candidates in the
Field, While Two Have Already
Named Choice.
The following delegations will meet at
tho places designated and nominate their
candidates for the Assembly:
The Forty-fourth District will meet on
Saturday night at the New "Wisconsin
Hall, corner of Pacific and Montgomery
streets.
The Forty-second will meet on. Monday
evening in B'nai B'rith Hall. John Dan
iels is indorsed for one of the Justices of
The Thirty-fifth and Thirty-third dis
trict delegations, representing the Nine
teenth Senatorial District, will hold a
Joint meeting on Sunday afternoon in Ma
eonic Hall on Mission street, near Twen
ty-third. The Thirty-fifth will also hold
a meeting on Saturday night in the same
The delegates of the Fortieth and Forty
first districts met after the convention
last night and unanimously nominated
their Assembly candidates. Hamilton H.
Bauer is the choice of the Fortieth and
Henry C. Dlbbla won the nomination in
the Forty-first.
Eloquent German Orator.
Dr. E. Markbreiter of Chicago, a Ger
man orator who is classed as one of the
ablest and most accomplished speakers In
the country, will address the citizens of
San Francisco at Metropolitan Temple
this evening. Speeches will also b« made
by ex-Governor Salomon and Hon. Julius
Kahn.
I OPENING THE CAMPAIGN.
Democratic Meeting's All Over the
State Scheduled for To-
Morrow Night.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee has arranged for meetings all over
the State to-morrow night to formally
open the campaign. In San Francisco
there will be the Towns meeting at
Mechanics' Pavilion. It. Porter Ashe and
J. H. Henry, candidates for Congress, will
be present and will probably make short
speeches. Other meetings scheduled and
the speakers are as follows:
San Diego— Thomas O. Toland and W. D.
Crichton. candidate for Confess.
Chico — W. R. Jacobs, candidate for Presi
dential Elector.
Vsllejo— L«iKh H. Irvine and J. H. Sea well,
candidate for Elector at Large.
Sutter Creek, Amador County— Hugo K.
Asher.
I'laccrvllle Kl Dorado County— J. D. Fproul,
candidate for Congress.
Colusa— R. M. Fitzgerald.
Willows— Theodore A. Bell.
Bakersfleld — J. Noonan Phlllixn.
Hanford— J. L. Dryden.
Lakeport— E. D. McCabe.
Kan Rafael— Barclay Henley.
MaryBVille— B. E. Leake.
Salinas— Frank H. Gould.
Grass Valley— Burdette Cornell.
Riverside— R. F. Del Valle.
Hclllstcr— Francis A. Qulnn.
Redwood City— A. H. Suzzallo and Thomas
"W. Hickey.
Redding— R. A. Lone.
Santa Rosa— Seth Milllnpton.
Ventura— Jud R. Rush.
Woodland— E. C. Farnsworth.
Frank Freeman, candidate for Congress
In the Third District, addressed a meet
ing of the Central Democratic Club in
Alameda last night. R. P. Troy also
spoke. Freeman will preside at the Towne
meeting at San Leandro to-morrow at
be the principal speaker. Local spell
binders will also make short addresses.
Various Democratic clubs will march to
the pavilion in bodies, and bands of.
music, red flre and the- other concomi
tants of a gTeat rally will all be utilized.
DELEGATES OF THIRTY-FOURTH
Split Between Supporters of County
Committee and Other Members.
Harmony Hall, Mission and Erie
streets, was either named or has
been rented to the' wrong party. A dis
cordant clash opened the meeting of tha
Bryan and Stevenson Thirty-fourth Dis
trict Club last evening and an adjourn
ment was ordered only after a squabble.
The meeting was called to order for tho
purpose of nominating delegates to the
judicial and legislative convention.
There is a division In the club, one fac
tion being opposed to tho dictations of the
County Committee, the other standing
ever ready to obey its mandates. This led
to endless squabbling. Warm and venom
: ous personalities were indulged in until
i County Commltteeman J. H. Hanson suc
• cessfully pleaded for harmony until after
the meeting, granting the club members
the right, however, after adjournment, to
"go forfh into the street and cut each
other's throat if they so desired."
The work of nominating delegates
brought on much opposition, but it was
finally voted to select a 'committee, of four
to receive the names of those nominated
by the club and from them the committee
of four to select seventeen delegates. T.
Boland, A. Phillips, 3. H. Hanson and P.
H. Flynn were appointed to act as the
committee of four.
About fifty members of the club were
placed In nomination, and from the list
the following were appointed as dele
gates to the convention:
M. Murphy. P. S. Hlgpins. A. Phillips, John
A. N. Hickey. Thomas F. Alford. J. E.
O'Brien, Joseph Corrlpan. John H. Kennard,
A. "W". Thompson, William O'Shaughnessy,
John J. Sheehan, J- 'VV. Riley, James McMahan,
F. E. Mahoney. T. J. McEride. Charles R.
Hej-den, Charles I* Healey.
Those selected by the committee were
Indorsed by the club, and their election
to-night at Julian avenue and Sixteenth
streets will be but a matter of form.
Thirty-Ninth. I>einocrats.
Saratoga Hall was filled last night with
members of the Bryan and Stevenson
Club of the Thirty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict. The club decided to parade on the
occasion of tlr? ratification meeting of
the Democrats, Saturday evening, Sep
tember 22. Resolutions were submitted
by S. Kohlman, requesting the executive
committee of the Hearst. Bryan ana
Stevenson Club movement to Inform the
club whether the organization was to be
composed only of Bryan and Stevenson
clubs organized by the County Committee.
The resolutions were unanimously adopt
ed. A committee composed of J. F. Ford
and John Shinklin was appointed to con
fer with a committee from the other
Democratic club In the district to devise
ways and means for carrying on the
campaign. On adjournment the club pro
ceeded in a body to Native Sons' Hall to
participate in the meeting of the rival
Democrats, who were being addressed by
Porter Ashe and others.
Porter Ashe Club Formed.
Permanent organization of the Porter
Ashe Democratic Central Club was effect
ed last night at Native Sons' Hall by
electing Hull McClaughry president. Five
vice presidents, two secretaries and a
treasurer were also elected. An executive
committee consisting of two members
from each of the Assembly districts com
prising the Fourth Congressional District,
and five at large, were elected. Speeches
made by F. J. Heney. T. E. Treacy and
F. J. Fitzsimmons- were greeted with pro
longed applause. The last speaker of the
evening. Porter Ashe, was greeted with
hearty cheers when he arose. His speech
•was Interrupted time and again by cheers
long and loud. At the close ' of his re
marks the enthusiasm displayed by his
friends fairly lifted the roof.
Anti-Fhelan Candidate for Senator.
Stephen A. Byrne of the Thirty-fifth As
sembly District has announced himself
an Independent candidate for Senator
from the Nineteenth Senatorial District.
Byrne is a Democrat and has the backing
of the antl-Phelan contingent in the dis
trict • ¦¦¦¦-:¦• ¦¦¦¦<¦
REAFFIRM UNBOUNDED DEVOTION TO REPUBLICANISM
Continued From Page Twe'lve.
MARTIN KELLY IS TRIUMPHANT
IN PERMANENT ORGANIZATION
OF REPUBLICAN CONVENTION
OAKLAND, Sept. 20.— Cross neglect on
the part of a freight train crew caused a
serious collision on the Southern Pacific
Railroad this afternoon at Haywards be
tween the Sacramento local passenger
train, due In San Francisco at 4:15 o'clock,
and a local freight. But for the nerve of
Engineer Morris Shean of the passenger
train, who remained at his post, the
wreck would have been disastrous to the
150 passengers. As it was. the shock was
sufficient to tumble them about In the
crowded coaches and to cause a panic for
a few minutes.
The primary cause of the head-on col
lision was the Inexcusable carelessness of
the freight train crew in leaving a switch
open on the main line track while the
freight was standing on a siding waiting
for the passenger train's arrival at Hay
wa rds.
The Sacramento train was composed of
engine 1402, four coaches, a baggage and
a mall car, in charge of Conductor Kil
patrick and Engineer Shean. It carried
passengers from Sacramento, Stockton.
Hanford, Mendota and Porterville. It was
due at Haywards at 3:06 p. rru, and was
on time. The freight train, in charge of
Conductor Jack Carey, with Brakemen
Scott. Barber and Short, had backed
down upon the siding near Hunt's Can
nery.
The lower switch toward Nu>« had b«*n
opened to let the freight run In on th»
siding until the passenger train passed.
Instead of closing thl3 switch it was left
thrown open. The passenger train came
booming along at thirty-five miles an hour
for Oakland pier. Engineer Shean had
given the station whistle and was Just
slowing: down when he struck th© open
switch. The big. puffing engine of th©
freight train loomed up in front of him
before he had time to move. With quick
action he threw the reverse lever ami
gave all steam back as hard as hl3 engine
would stanrl. But the collision was In
evitable. Shean did not have tlma to
prevent that.
The engines came together with a crash
and a shock that sent passengers flying
from their seats. Th« pilots and fronts
of both locomotives were smashed Into
small bits, causing several thousand dol
lars* damage. There was a scurry-ins as
soon as the engine was brought to a
standstill to pee If any one was hurt. The
train crews were held for orders from
the division superintendent's office.
To clear the track of the crippled en
gines was the next task. An engine from
a Livermore local freight train was press
ed into serlvce to drag the disabled pas
senger train Into Oakland, and the Jour
ney was completed after considerable de
lay without further interruption from ob
structing freight trains.
Both Engines Wrecked, but Fortunately No
One Is Injured — Engineer Morris Shean
a Hero — Negligence the Cause*
PASSENGER TRAIN
RUNS INTO FREIGHT
CARS AT HAYWARDS
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
JUS Broadway. Sept. 20.
The Police ' Commissioners* executive
session hearing of the charges against
PoHrempn Thomas Pardee was resumed
this afternoon, two score witnesses again
appearing to await turns to enter tho
Mayor's private office, where the lnquisi
toriil m^etin^.s nre being held. x
The Commissioners held a very short
session this afternoon, assembling about
2 o'clock. Fred F. Howe was called be
fore them for cross-examination. Attor
ney L S. Church, who is Pardee's coun
sel, took Howe back to the date of his
birth and rak*»d him right merrily with a
questioning that would have racked a
much less nervous indiviuual than Mr.
Howe.
"Well. I guess they know as much
about me as I know nbout myself." said
Howe as he emerged from the room
aft»r two hours of hard examination.
His sister. Mrs. A. D. Howe, followed,
and when the board rose at o o'clock her
cross-examination was stlil in progress.
The Commissioners are already weary
ing of the prolonged and detailed* minute
ness with which the investigation is bo
ing conducted. They decided this after
noon to s'.t to-morrow from 10:30 a. m.
,untll noon and tlif-n take a rest until
Monday, when they will resume the in
quiry.
The majority of the great number of
witnesses that have been subpenaed are
to give evidence merely as to the char
acter of the accusing Howes and the po
liceman. There is, as a matter of fact,
no direct evidence other than that of the
Howes and Pardee bearing upon the truth
or the falsity of the accusations. That
the investigation should have assumed
the proportions it did is due beyond any
question to the attempt of factions in the
Police Department and in City Hall poli
tics to gain a point or two that will be of
advantage In the coming municipal con
test of next spring. The supporters of
Fardee are bound that he shall not suffer
dismissal from the force, while the other
side are equally determined to see him
lose his star.
The political aspect of the trouble has
somewhat overshadowed the real issue, so
far as the Howes' charges are concerned.
Pardee's Accuser Is Kept
Busy Upon Record of
a Lifetime.
HDWE SEVERELY
CROSS EXAMINED
ALAMSDA. Bept. 20.-For tlf* months
Cnar'.fp^JacohfroTi. re?idin K with his fam
'.:>• at 27S4 Knclnal avenue, carried a brok
en troth in his left lung and did not know
It. During that tim« he coughed almost
:nce??ar;tly. The doctors said he was a
\ictim of quick consumption. He wan r»
<!ueed to a «ha<1niv and became so weak
:hat he could not follow his occupation,
that of a cabinet-maker, but last Tucs
fiajr n!pht Jacobs"on coughed the tooth out
his lung- ar.d now he is growing Piroiifr
iacobsor.> troubles commenced after
F«wf his dentist in April last. He wn?
tn« Hvinp «n Francisco. The dentist
performed an operation on two of his
;i.-l:ing molars, having a. struggle to ex
tract the pieces of the teeth, wliich lia<i
.Token. Actinc upon xh» advice of the
tooth carpenter. Jacr>iic O n had taken gas.
\>hen he awoke from undor its soothing
riflurnoo he was almost instantly seized
with a violent rtt of coughing. He thought
' would po away, but It grew worse.
At the cn<1 of two days Jarohson had
>st flesh and appetite. Alarmed at his
rendition, he sought the advice of his'
physician. The physician to'd him frank
ly thxt he had quick con.^Viption, and
that he had better go to Arizona. Jacob
son went to Pan Rafael instead. But the
¦'hange of climate did not benefit him.
He continued to oouprh and lose flesh at
an alarming rat?. A San Rafael doctor
told him that ho could secure relief by
going to Alameda. Jacobson followed his
advice and came to reside here. The
couching increased in violence, however,
and from weighing 2'X> pounds Jacobson
was reduced to k-sp than 100 pounds. The
unfortunate man. despairing of obtaining
relief, then prepared fnr the coming of
<1"nth to end hi.= suffering!".
But relief came Tuesday nicht without
the aid of physicians or climate. Jacob
son had bppn coughing harder than usual
during Ihe day and at ni*rht it became
prcater, until his wif<* thought he would
ro itiro convulsions. Suddenly there came
a hemorrhage, during which the sick man
snat out a piece of broken tooth. Release
from irritation was instantaneous. Jacob
son coiighed no more. An examination of
tho broken tooth showed It to be quite
.lagped and as sharp as a n»edle. It is
about a quarter c.f an inch lone.
"I have r.o need of a physician since
that tonth came out of my lung." said Ja
robaon th«»* afternoon. "J will soon be
v.f>n and =trong: apuin. The aconies I suf
fered nit'nnt hn dr><;r>rlV,.^.1 "
BOOKKEEPERS
WHO SUCCEED
List of Applicants Given
Out by Civil Service
Board.
The Board of Civil Ferric* CommlRSion
<rg^vfsterfiay announced the % result of the
* xa?.ir.atlons for bookkeepers In the Sher
iff's office h«l<3 on September. 7. There
•were twenty-one applicants for positions
under the Sheriff, of which only six pass
ed. The eligible list as now constituted is
a? follows:
ThammM E. Atkinson. 2SJSA California SJ.5
K»ar) C. PwMl. M Montgomery etr*rt..*6.0
>.!i« Taifv \V. R. Leuer. 3743 Berente«nth~S1.0
Prmnk E. Ma<".den. 7F.1 Folsnm SI. 5
Jarr.^« T. Dotuhuf, 6<3 Franklin SI. 5
Ixm'.a re. Jacobs. 1ST1 nilmnr"- 75. 5.
Of these named Atkinson. Jacobs and
M:.«s Larer are now employed in the
Sheriffs office. Sig Simon, who is also an
f-mpSny. took the examination, but failed
to cnmglcte one of the subjects and fell
below ,3 per cent; otherwise he would
have received K6 per cent.
Of thirty-seven applicants for bookkeep
ers' r>c«!t!on» In the Hoard of Works
tw-erty-two passed, among them betne I*.
s l>-avy. T. J. Crowley and J. C. New
:'.gf. whrj are now employed In the of
:. •<-. The eligible list follow : s:
Robert E. Wallace. ;«lO»i Sacramento 96.7
.' hn McOcmkey. 31 Van N«j 92.%
"\ ?. i>>avy.- rrrr racinc ss.o
mothjr J. Crowley. SCS^ Va>ncla. SS.T
-• '•-1 Harms. BtlA Brar.nar. gg.O
-Albert P. Evatf. 91*A Oak $3.0
V. - ;::iam A. Turner. 4CN O'Farrfll S3. 9
John J. F'->»ter. 90" Putter 81.5
''Varies Browr.in. 21*3 Golden Gate SO.Oa
1">n A. Mathews, 1222 Waller SO. Ob
Otto R'rt. 901 WaFhlmrton 7».S
." ¦ h-.r C SCewlaate, 2^2 «"laj- 7J>.7
i^^wire- O. .'---• 1«3« I^*v»nwprth 73.5a
A. P. Btshopk 73S Oeary 71.5b
Jofca D. Cunen, ? Jan*r place 77.2
Leopold ''aj-pol. 1431 Geary 77.0
":!!!ar. J. \Vapn»r. ZZZl Valencia 76.5a.
¦ H. Hicart. 11«5 Bush 7«.Eb
:.-t".ard Gsrvw. 439 Jessie 76. 5c
3 \V. I/xinil». 735A Grove 75.2a
* Iward C. Have*. i;;4 Buchanan 7o.2b
l--ac J. Fa*r,ueis, 17 Fulton 75.0
DEATH OF A WELL
KNOWN CLUBMAN
Richard P. Hammond Jr. Passes j
Away at the Waldeck Sanato
rium After Severe Illness.
RichErd P. Hammond Jr. of Visalia died
last night at the Waldeck Sanatorium en
J^n^s street after a severe illness, from
which h* bus h*<-n a. *uff>rer for some
time and for which he sought treatment
in :h* sanatorium.
•'Dirk" Hammond, by which r,am« he
wac famous throughout the State, was for
many years one of the most prominent
public figure* In San Francisco life.
H< was Surveyor General of this district
Under <:U-vr!a!)<1 and served four years as
president of the Park Commission. He
'trax a member of the National Guard
In "Dirk" Hammond clubdom loses one
€.t its licfi-kmun Egures and one which
Jt '-an ill ?parA.
The deceased had not been In health for
d !eng tlmo. his malady becoming so se
rtoua n& Ur n^c^ssitatf his removal from
ViKalLa to the Waldeck.
At the wzrif ff bl« death Hammond wa*
Ff"-rc:ary of the Mount Whitney Power
Company at VisaJia. In which place he
vmm ai^o well known. Dr. Beverly Mac
• Monagle, the physician who attended him
dwrinp his last hour*, stated last evening
that having only had the patient under
his hands a phirt while he was not pr<*
liared to uive the cause of death until
further examination.
The deceased was a brother of John
Hays Hammond of South African fame
er.d a son of R. P. Hammond, who was
f<ir many years on the San Francfsco Po
lice Commission and prominently Identi
fied with the city's irrowth.
GRAVE CHARGES MADE
BY MAGDALENA GOMEZ
Bays Constable Scanlan of Pinole
forced Her to Disrobe and
Then Arrested Her.
MagdaJena Gomez 3n<i her husband.
John H. Gomez, have filed suit
acalnft Michael J. Scanlan. Constable of
PiP-olf. Contra Ccpta County: Bernard
F'-rnandPZ and Manuel F. Furtado to re
cover J5000 damages for false Imprison
ment.
Mrs. Gomel alleprs that on the com
p'aint of Fernandez and Furtado. Con
stable Scanlan went to her house with .1
F*-aroh warrant to look for stolen poods
they eaid they believed were hidden there.
Mrs. Gomez claims that the Constable
forced her to disrobe before him that he
might search her clothing and then ar
rested h«r and kept her in jail two hours.,
though, she says. * he was Innocent of any
wrongdoing.
OLD RESERVOIR SITE
WILL BE IMPROVED
Spring Valley Company Will Con
struct Side-walks on Its Market-
Street Property.
The Spring Valley Water Company
notified the Board of Public Works y«»s
trrday that It would Immediately begin
to improve its jyoperty nt the old reser
voir site "on Market and Thirteenth
Ftrerts.
The etree** surrounding the property
Hro impassable for teams or travel on
account of the stone* and dust rolling
down from the hieh bluffs. The company
»-«!l eonytruct sidewalks and bituminize
the streets to conform to the contiguous
blocks.
Fit of Coughing Removes Substance Which
Caused* Charles Jacobson to Exhibit
Signs of Consumption* '
BROKEN TOOTH IN
HIS LUNG NEARLY
BRINGS ON DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1900. C
9
Sunday Call
Are Our Bathing
Girls Immodest?
A social prob'em of to-day, by Grace
Fern, one of the most versatile of
Eastern writers, who has been se-
cured to write exclusively for the
Sunday Call.
How the American Fanner Is Fooled
Oat of Millions.
The Empress of China In Her Official
Robes.
The Largest Gun In the World.
Women Yersns Agnosticism.
Poierty the Cause of the Chinese
War.
Odd Corners In the Home.
Adientnres With the Moonshiners.
THE SUNDAY CALL
LEADS THEM ALL
GLASGOW. SeDt. m.— Two additional cases
f bubonic plarue have be«n reported here.THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2], 1900.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
nUSXXESS OFFICE or The Ban Franclaco
Ca'.l. corner of Market ar.d Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nttht ln the year.
r.r»-ANt*ir omCES-a: Motitpo— ery street,
corner Clay; oj>en until 8:30 p. m.
5"0 Hayes rtreet; open until 9:JA p. m.
f"» McAllister street: open until 9:50 p. ra.
(¦', I^arkln rtre^t; open unUl 8:30 j>- ~-
1941 Mi*Ficn street: open until 10 p. ra. •
?:n Market 6treet. comer Sixteenth; open
:f'S Kieventh street: open until * p. nv.
tflSt T*a1f nrla srtre*-. : or-«"n until 9 p. «n.
Northwest coraer Twenty ¦econfl and Ken-
tucky firwts; oren until 8 p. m.
HCBTIXO XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA CortmanCery No. 1, K. .x.
TV; I Post rt.— Regular assembly THIS *s£fl
EVENING. 7:2j o'clock. Ordt-r <if the IF*
•JVrnpie. All fra-tons eo«tt_oaa!r '•*>- W?
\ it^-d. Py rrd^r of the O^nimanJer.
HIRAM T. CBAVE8, IU-cord<»r.
GOLDEN CATC Commsniifry No. 16.
K T Galdea Grte huildlnfr. C25 Put- 'GK*
t » r Bt.—fipec_1 aseemtdir TlilS EVJEW- ~3
lr.g at t o'clock. The <;r.ier of the Ued \B?
<"r re Til'.! ba conferred. A'.l fri»t«-r» w
are courf-'Js!y ir.vlted.
ROBirirr McMILLAN. Era. Com.
TTILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder^
A HF.Gl'LAR mtK-ting- of Terba Bu«na
I.-Mjpe of Perfectiin No. 1. A. and A. cT
Scottlsb Rite of Freemasonry, -nlil be A
held In <1iapter Hall. Masonic Temr!e. Jffi
¦ n FRIDAY EVBJttKO. Sept-mber CS?U*»
CL ISOa, at S o'clock. Iw— ee 4th.
HENRY m'RNER. Secretary.
A REGULAR meetln* of Yerba C~\
r-jfiia Charter. Hrs" Creix No. 1. _ 'I
A. end A. BctrtTtatl Hite «f "ree- <*-. I
maflomr, «ill be beM ia Chapter K"
Hall. 'Masonic Temple, on FRI- \h
DAT EVEXIXO. SepteajJxr V.fU U
IS ft. a' *:> o'rtopk. Vj
IXHNRY rtVR.V7:it. Secretary.
BEGCXAB meeting of the Cale- . o y
flonUa Cub TlilS rFIUDAY) JV. (h\fi1
KVEXnCG at S n'cl'v-k at Poouish
»- club'. "Happy Tl.oug-Iif." rx-CTile< John
: ;• "V AKGrS McLEOD. Chief. :
ANir.rW M-NAIH. Secr-tary.
ANNT'AT. me»>tlnc— Tho reru'jir annur.l rreetiPR
• ' UK sfx-kfcnld-rs of tlso FVrn.iate P^rnkum. .
•• : r:-.1 I >«f! -.pmer.t Company will be held
f-.: ibe office or the company. :'22 Baasome Ft..
' «n tl. Fe,on<l tluor. Pin Francisco, <"al., <-n
MOXDAT. th" 1st <".ay of October. WfO. for
tbc P— poae «f e]*ct1n»r s. board ni directors
*>~. f»rve for the *»cfii:rF y^ar and the tranpac-
tlm of s'lrYi ether bi:stn»"ys «e may come be-
• re lie mecf.r.s. OH AS. H. CCSHING. Sec.
FT- iCKHOLnCRS' MEKTINO — Pursuant to
-•¦•« !ut1"n or t!-p b^ard of directors, a meet-
•nsr of thp sto<-k!irk1*>n= of Th*> Slrae Company
v :'.: be hei.j at the prinrrpal place of businers
¦ ' *si3 company, viz.. rooms 35-37 of the 8th
flor.r. Mill* building, i-'nn Franci«u>\ Cal.. on
"AEPXESDAV. the SJft day of October. IK*'.
.-¦TO::;''' o'«4ocfc p. m. The rhject of the meet-
ing is to dimlr.ish the capital Ftock t« Jir-Vl.
or 1?4 cents per fhare, nn<l to trcr«act such '•
ether busint'sf ns msy c-me b«fore the meet-
ln». A.LBEBT C. A IK EN. President. j
I>at"d A i: gust :3. :?¦«. I
AGEXTS WASTED.
$:.". TO ft/i dally mad" hy our Lira Aeentp,
rr:fn or wnnc'n. r^l'ins our Jateet novflty.
oa-Dpa:pn vatmrproof necktie*: goods entirely ;
riotr arid pstentp^; ar»nts deliRhted; pal<"f un-
llwltei; what others do you can do: write to- ]
c.-.y; secure exclusive territory: guaranter-d
beet teller. Adir<>s«, with *tarr.p. M. & M.
MAXFd. CO.. rw-rt- C. Fpringfield. Mass.
AGENTS p"'.! ™r aluminum carl cases ami
fart*: circular* an>l Eampln t'r»e. Bunker
Mattes Co., I^pt. 21. Kar.ras City. Mo.
A'^FN"T.« of alulity and rxperl^nre In life inF<;r-
zr.<-e. CaM at room tM, WT Market, cor. Sixth.
\yj: handle r.cw-«»5t noveUI^F for ap«>nt«. PA- ]
t'lFJC AOF.XTS' SUPPLY CO.. 34C1 ISth ft.
ASTROLOGV. |
MME. HK"KrT. astrotagiat; carfl reading anfi i
palmistry. -•"><-: horoscopes ca*t. 1923 Mission. '
~ ~^^ — — -™~—^^^^^^— j
aspiiai.tim noo.riNG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rooltoi^id-* alks[ collar I
r , ~ !?!i rM'air".!: •¦ofal. ITSt Mtssion Bt.
ATTOnSEVS AT LAVr.
It. V. KIN'O. attorney at law. 917 Market st.. i
room f,Tl; estate, damages, attachments. !
i a.::krujitcv. eoUertJOBC; Hll ravf; fair fees; \
t.o p.'iVar."** cbsri^^("i znoripv loaTj^d on e w tiit.<*^ *
. ____ i
ADVICE fro*; divorce jaw a ?pecialty; private;
m fw without sucf-e«s; collections. G. \V. !
IIOVX'E. any at lavr, SCI Market, coi. Stockton.
IT.r.n a-lvice; divorce laws, dnrr.»«res. «**tate«,
coUecOona. J. A. Mitchell, VA Montgomery.
/ ' iVXCB frpe: r.o ohanre unles* successful. W.
XV. Davidson. 527 ilarket St.. opp. Mason, i
L .«. CLARK. I'mma Spreckel* bldg.. P27 Mar- '
i rt Ft.; cir.FuHatlon free; no fe*s ln advance. I
ri-si—R liKP.MAN .T.raTtornpyTVjr" Market ]
.. v '2.-.: r.-ion ere. T-S: consultation fr»e. \
HATII CABI\KTS.
I
BOBINSON ?:>. 4-panel Mdir.gr: door orx'ns: flrrn j
nnd saff. "VV. «. I!K< >\VX. gen, agt.. <K Kllly. i
boahdim; for children.
VAN'TED- Little girl cr boy to room and '
t"-iar<i: company ;or laxly; ipthu reasonable, i
IVix :?4«. Call office.
III »IM>v -CHAXCES.
A-*C3»; RUSTAIRAXt! 2 blocks north~~o7
<^hr«inirle bide-; first-clays l'nces: rent $2;;
• •wner virhes to 5«I1 cm account of other bur!- '
n«-tsr Call B. <J. WILKE, I6V»
Kearr.y tt. ' j
A-W:«-CHOPnOTSn: close to City HaM; rent
S30; rta:l;.- receipt* J3.
A 1308 bakpry; on* Mr>ck from Call VAg. ; I
<1a:!y reoeipta tZ«: oniy store tiade. See j
It. <:. W1LKK. ;••- Kearny Bt.
A— 11200: SALOON with M furr.ished rooms, close '
to r.f-w Hall of .TuMlce; place establ. many
•ears and doing a sro-'d bus'nf-BF ; owner en-
papfd oihcrw !*¦• cauw of eale. Call It. G. ;
WILKE. 26 1 ! Kearr.y nt.
A— SALOON with » furnished room*; rent |M;
r!a<*e dolnc a c *><i business; In neighbor- '
hood of warehouses and factories: cotnmer- i
oial Junch from 11 to ] o'clock: a. rare chance, i
< a!l R. G. V.ILKE. 2C 1 , Kearny Ft.
A-fltOO; BALOON: —tab. many yearTj ha!f a
I'kxk north of A.!a»=on and Market; rnnt $7i;
« rrFi-clais. paying place; partners can't
«Rr^r «-auee of Bale. Sets R. G. WILKE. L'CS
Ktarny Ft. ' j
A-tlOOG: COFFEE caloon doing an average
liusin<-M cf 140 pf-r day: rent 175; place 1-j-
< ;<t<Hl near Hall of Justice, on SGcaxnjr et., !
erd w'.Il double reodpta Sn short time. Call _
_<i. _V'ILKE. r6»± Kearny it.
A— fUOO: CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
>jcaticn ln the Ulmlrm; rent ~,; 4 living
Tijoinf; place f-Ftab. years ; owner, a wMow
wants to retire. Call H. G. WILKE iti'i
Ivparr.y tt. ;¦'¦--¦ ¦ . |
A— CSW; SALOON with building of T furr.ls-he<J
rocms; Ions ground lease; clos« to Union Iron
¦Works; place «>6tiib. :6 y«-ar^ aud dolns a flrst-
''Ib^ pfayir.t busttMtka; owner lea\;ng cliy.
Oall R. ¦".. IT 1LKE. ;r,«i KVmy et.
A — CORXKR cigar store on Kearny st - cl<?ar-
irr above fJSt per month. Call R. <». WILUE
CCV Kearny *t.
tlW'-l'.ESTAI.-RA.VT; nearTity: mu?t sell ac~
<-ount OTarture; «w rfKu!a.r boards—; part
cai-h if deylrcd. McLaughltn & Co., 7T7V4 Mkt.
J'iOO— HnSTATRANT; near city; mustVell ac-
'¦ount depurture; 60 rf^Jiar hoarders; part
cash If d»»lpe/1. Mclaughlin Jk Co.. 777V4 Mkt.
$?:&— SALOON; Market ct. ; half price this day
rare chance. McLaughlln & Co.. 777»4 Market,'
i«»2<Al>OOi* oa^UarlHt «.: half prtoa.7, J_-
LA I. GH LIN' A. CO.. 777'i Market st.
a trip to rrrrVTpg. *
; BAKEKS DON'T MIPS THIS.
KU.WB n»>r -ash !n 5 year*: home bakery, <-onV e
parlor. fpJtwei center of K. P.: n!l"counter
¦?:•?¦_<!••; JiuUO; u<yubl<» your monry in JS tnonth*-
d n't fail to sf»- my j>g«ita. KKKLxj & I>i:T-
1ON, 16 (if-ary et.
!!0M_DP.L'G Hire *nd doctor'* liract ice • S'tt)
month:;-. KI'.KliQ & DI'TTOX. 36 Geary *t.
A— CORNIER saloon: water Trt.nt: wliolerale <3is-
trlct; qk& r-y- maker. COWING Ac CO Vis
Market ft. ' '* , ~
A— COO*; H<)Ti:L: h««»rt cit3-: M ro<>m». HirTiBht^
«-»w». death. COWING & «O.. 71<« Market."
A RESTA CHANT: north Harket: beat In city:
_* all p.t one*. ("OWING & CO.. T1S Market st!
A— FAY. IIFH!-:R *- oo.. Iiave you \nigiitT-
hous^? Y<-s, what r»ric«-? J3^K) up. ajiy loca-
Tion decirfd; :i rottna, K>*i\ 15 room*. jliC; li
rornr.s. n'-w, O9Q, fine; ft roaraa, barfra'n J7;o-
37 rr K ims. C009, reap; all «izo^. all pHr-ee. all
new barraii.g; call and »e* u«. 1032\Market.
a**^-4MKUCACT and canned {roods, meats an>3
provision?; rie«n frffh stock; pleaxant rooms;
tow rent, lane & co.. sc; Market st.
WE have iarpe*t iirt of ttaloons. hotels. r«v
''rries. fiBar ftorvs. etc.. In the city. Call
BCmVKIXHABD «c CO.. 917 Market «t.. be-
t— yn Fifth ar.d Slrth; telephone Mint 191L
FOR cale— A rood blacksmith and hor»es hoelnir
*h"p. in «.-.«.! location: pretwnt owner wishes
to retire. Inquire at TAVLKR & EPOTS-
WOOD'B. lil-in Fremont 6t.
WANTED— U0.K*>. In sums from XM upward. In
a new enterprise; investment guaranteed
aps.!nft lcs#: write for Information. Address
box 37<a. Call office.
HARBFRS— J chair ehop fcr sale cheap: owner
h_ other fcuflneya. Sl<2 TV»nty-foarth mt.
I'.ESTAURANT. eurrtrunded by factorlee; pood
fcutlnee*; caut» riven. C08 and £19 Seventh su
nrsiivKss chances — .continued.
' TWcTmiles from county seat: residence! saloon
i doing good business ; picnic grounds; beet Bel-
f:lan rabbltry ln the country; 3 poultry yards,
enced and stocked, alfalfa growing on place
sufficient for all stock; arbors, trees,
horse, buggy, spring wagon; windmill and
large iron water tank and tankhoueei berns
ard Mackfftnlth fhop and tools; grapes suffi-
cient for wine and business purposes: this
offer Is made for a reasonable orlce because
| th» 'vendor Is compelled to go to Europe al
once on business of Immediate personal Im-
portance; the above offer covers two acres
of the heft land ln the State: adjoining from
R to 300 acres of like character, all of which
" J? f.jr *a>; fare from S. F\ only 60c; eee
r-arty Thursday and Friday at New Western
Hotel, cor. Washington and Kearny Fts.. at
11 a. m. : this is better opportunity than Nome
or Klondike; owner cleared last year $1000.
PARTIES having capital to Invest In large or
(Dial! amounts can secure a permanent Invest-
ment which nrlll pay net dividends from 15 to
49 r*r cent annually; fullest Investigation;
«?nd for particulars. Address Fisheries, box
1111. Call office.
ATTENTION— A legitimate mercantile opening
in established and paying business requiring
rrore capital, can be secured by right party
wi'.h J.*.'*^ or upward: f»1»-s now exceed (1000 a
Any. Addrei-s box 4KC7, Call orflce.
FOR Fale — $3."-<X); an old-established horseshoe-
ing buBlr.e??. near city; Includes 6hop and
tcolr: averages 20 horses dally; first-class
prfeca: prepent owner wishes to retire. Ad-
dr«r«> box 4923. Coll office, for particulars.
TO rent— Fcr coal yard, milk depot, etc.; flne
location; place is entirely covered; contains 3
•tails: rent only $15: water free. Inquire WM.
H—S'PRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
IF you are looking to buy a corner Rrocerj't
saloon, cigar store, branch bakery or any
business, call on us; It costs nothing to seo
our list. A. E. Skiff & Co.. 804 Mont*rom«ry.
A fine restaurtuit. new and elegsfnt: good busi-
ness locatlor.; central; will stand Investiga-
tion; good rtupni for eelllng. Box 43G8, Call.
FRUIT storo. l-orse and wagon, C living 1 rooms:
good location; «ellin* cfieap on account of
eickners. Address box 4(C8. Call office.
A— S1SC0; CORNER grocery and bar; well estab-
Itched; outilde trade; fine locality; rare op-
par__tr. Hex «932. Oill office.
J2CCO— PARTNER wanted in old* established
business; must have a knowledge of hard-
v ware Addre«s box 4CS2, Call office.
ROl'TE for sale on Chronicle. Box 4980. Call
of flee.
BALOON and lodging-house to rent. Cor. 1st
and Federal, Mail Dock; assist good man. j
SALOON and grocery business. 14 Heron et.
$2<iO0 — OLD cash corner grocery and bar; flne
location. Particulars SO Lily ave.
FOR Fale— Klonivke Oyster House; money
maker: cause sick~es!«. 12S Third ft., at 12 m.
OYSTER and tamale grotto and flne bar: estab.
13 years. SE. cor. Twenty-fourth and Folsom.
J400— CORNER grocery and bar. with 4 living
rooms. 1.111 Howard St.. corner Langton.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencla nt.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $!000
11-room house; S3vO down, balance eary.. TOO
10-room house; f.rst class l"50
11-room house. $475; 6-room flat 323
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st._
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
3S rooms; r**nt ft.0: clean house $750
46 rocms; rent JTo; income $.^25 3000
47 rooms; rent $!00; corner; clears $175.... ISO 1 ;
129 rooms: terms to suit buyer 2000
LOIXJINO-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses
at reduced prices: penuine bargains; Fl7.es and
locations to suit: min<*y loaned. SCHWEIN-
JT.ARD & <'O., 917 Market Et., between Fifth
end Sixth: phone l?li. _
A SPECIAL INDl'CEMEXT
ON KRE1K) & DUTTON, 36 Geary St.
$700 csrhfor SO rooms; new; Installments.
KM fcr 14 rooms; Geary: $35 profit.
fliTl only fcr 14 rooms; Post; worth J300.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. room No.
1— Houses of all sizes and prices; please call
for free lift; money to loan.
J12W FOR CO room?; income STOO month. M.
OIIIFFIN. 719 Market; mortlyhskpg apartmts.
WANTED— Tenant for new 110-rocm house. A.
M. SPECK & CO., C67 Market St.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 1G patres, s«>nt to any address ln the .
I'nlt«l States or Canada one vfar for tl.
CARRIAGES AND WAGOXS.
ALL kinds of wagons, bUERlP*. carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EOAN & SON, 2117 Mission Ft.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. S32 Mission.
NEW * M-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. ir;th & Valencia.
SPONGES and chnmois our specialty. AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO.. 150 New Montgomery st.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO 1IVTTON*.
MF'Y of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholeFal* and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait C». S>33 Market Bt., S. B\
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
EjMrltual medium; advice ln aU afTairs of life,
lawsuits, divorce*, deaths- unites the sepa-
rated: mining a specialty; clrs. Sun..Wed..FrL
*v's: oome and be convinced. (Permanently)
Z\Z Fddy St.. bet. Hyde ar.d Larkin; no sign.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister «t.. rm. 3C; admission 10c.
PROF. GEE, medium; test circle every night;
JCc; read, tl: ladies 50c. 143 6th. Brunswick.
MRS HOTTER. 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day, 2 & '
8 p. m. ; 10c; sittings dally; G., tl; L., tOc.
MRS. LESTER— CIr. Sun.. Tues.. Fri. eve.,
10c; readings daily. 200 Turk »t.
GO to WATSON. 1CS1 Market, nr. 12th— Famous
palmist & medium; lucky & true; 23c & tOc.
MATCHETT holds circle to-night. 8 o'clock; 10c;
te«t to all. 122 Fourth st.; sittings dally, 50c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant. Ust. busi-
ness medium, liff reader; pitting* tl. 1104 Mkt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. ZZZ McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. daily: convtnc'g tests to-night 10;:.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
jjllE. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
i»-3dfr. born with double ¦'ell & second sight.
OiaRr.cKes disease with life reading; ladies We;
K^nts tl: palm. & clair. sit. $1 10. K'6 Turk Ht.
ISM Alt. the Eg>i>tian gypsy clairvoyant dna
palmist, permanently located Ii4» Market, opl>.
6th; private readings daily 10 a. m. tu f. p. m.
MMK. BERNARD reads lire fluently; advice
given In all affairs In life: satisfaction guar-
anteed; "r«- ui». 17 Third Ft., next Kxaminer.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planrts; pre-
dicted overdue stmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason Et.
MRS. !¦:. M. DUVALL. clairvoyant and healer,
diagnoses diseapes. 425 Golden (Sate ave.
MME. 7.EREDA, the pypsy. Is the great palm-
ist ami card reader; 2."<c, 7 Seventh; no sign.
MMK. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present future, 2Ic. 148 Sixth at., room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium; card
reader, 2ic up. 823 Mission St.. nr. 4th; no sign.
A (JlTSy. genuine clairvoyant, located 10 da} a
942 Mission; ladies, 2oc; gents, 50c. Frawley.
MME. VALEEN, clairvoyant. palmist; card read-
er; real Egyptian charms. 215 Leavenworth.
MME. RUTH, great prophetic card reader;
Due 70S Ellis St.. near Larkin.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 20c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader,
sittings dally. 212'^ Sixth st.
SIME. KAVENNA reads lire fluently; bunnesa
advice; names given; 55c up. 5 Fourth st.
CAItrKT DKATIXQ A\D CLEAXIXG.
WHEN vou brrame disgusted with poor work
s»nd to SPAULIUXO'S Pioneer Carp«t-Beat-
lrg Works. S53-357 Tehama et. ; tel. South 40.
i J. McCil'EEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.".
| 45.; Kt<ve:»pon St.; tel. South lowest rates.
I J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
j _vating Co.; 24 1 ) Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
CITY St<»am Carpet-Beating Works, G. H*
• STBVKXS, mgrr.. 38-40 8th st.; tel. South 2W.
carpets cl»an*d at 3c p*r yard, laid at 4c.
SBTRATTOyg; 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main an. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
COXKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
<;atf- avp.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute^cureT
palnlifs; consult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
G^OKGK^T^lAJTsl^tncY^yc » cnaree^unT-
less fucceiigful. Room 310. 827 MarUet ft.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine. 75c; •city visits. $1 60; all
anlnutls treated; «icg» boarded. TeL West 639.
DR. Creeiye C. P. manre cure and worm pills
by irugeiEtB or at hospital, 610 Golden Gate&r.
DENTISTS. «
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
hare your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our SDecialty: gold crowns,
f 3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a, m. to 10 p. m. : 6undays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
CROWN and bridge work experts: our work is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest; call
and see our pamples and get our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references; examina-
tion free. "Main office" New, York Dental
Parlors; 1019 Market St.. between Sixth and
Seventh; elevator.
A— DR. A'. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Farls Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted: plates, full set. S3; tilllngs,
50c; crown. $1 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful gecret. painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR.' GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
TEETH extracted free; plates. $3; crowns, $3 50;
bridge work. $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 1208 Market, cor. G. G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,
50c. New .York Dentists, »69 Mission, cor. Cth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VBOOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Bun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. II. G.
YOTJNG. 1?41 Polk Bt.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery (School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market *t.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'ConnorAMoffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College 723 M^rkTtTTTday
e.nd evening: Individual instruction, $S per
; month: life scholarphlp. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; Just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
Is the beBt In S. F,; catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College night school opens
October 1. 723 Market Bt.
liEALD'S Business College. 24 Pout Bt.. B. F.-
Practlcal courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining rngl-
neerinp, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, J50; catalogue.
NIGHT School" for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis fits.: registration.
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary ajid advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business- education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
cclleg-fs; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan butlding.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSl-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt. ¦
EOOKKEEPIXG, free trial; private lessons: 8
mos. ln college not equal to S wks. with me;
$:3. TARR, expert accnt., 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, meeh. sur-
vey. asi=ay. cyanide. arch\ : day, eve.: est. 1SG4.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. P33 Market.
CAPXOS N. KELLER, tenor soloist; voice cul-
ture and piano. 324 Golden Gate ave. •
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come Bee us, S05 Larkin st.
MUNSON School Shorthand, Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 127 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory ln
L»ipsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
LE JEVXE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese emDloyment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush l."»3.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co. — Waiters, cooks,
dishwashers. Est. 1S90. 1026 Oak; tel. Pase54T.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Host help
furn.; domestic sen-. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPA-NESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 80«V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
liest help. 411*4 O'Farrcll ?t. ; tel. East 426.
EWLPLOYBIEXT WANTED — FEMALE.
A NURSE'. ""catholic institution; $15]! MlsS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Et.
A FIRST-CLASS American cook, excellent
baker, good managing housekeeper, clean and
careful; small private family; wages mod-
erate. 228 Third St.
GERMAN girl dpsires a position as cook ln an
American family: call between 10 a. m. an?
& p. m. 2 Chatham place, off Bush Bt., be-
low Stockton.
TRAINED nurse wishes position as maid; un-
derstands hairdressslng, sewing and packing.
Box 3754. Call office. \
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wishes posi-
tion with American family; wages J35; best
of city reference. 1812 Polk st.
WOMAN wants work 3 or 4 hours day: any
kind of work. Address box 1849, Call office.
GERMAN Klrl wishes to''do cooking and house-
work; city references. Please address box
3757. Call ofrice.
YOUNO Elrl would like a position as lady's
maid or chambermaid and sewing; $25; please
call. 1522 Polk St.. room 14.
CAPABLE housekeeper, care of Invalid or aged
person, city or country. Call or write late
employer, 1413 Bush st. : telephone Sutter 29.' ( 4.
TO wait at table or kitchen' work, ln restau-
rant. 4C3 yhird St.
DRESSMAKERS' help or seamstress; will
sew; $1 per day and lunch. Box 3752, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a position to do
tjpnpral liou^ework and cooking. 514 Second.
A NEAT Elrl to take care of child; wases t~
to J10. 1S0S O'Farri-11 st.
A COMPETENT Danish girl wishes situation
to do second work: wages $25; call bet. 10 and
4. 122 Seventh st.
DANISH woman wishes position to do general
housework ln small family; best references.
928 Mission st.. near Fifth.
LADY wishes sewing and repairing to do at
home. ¦ 116 Sixth rU, room 1.
YOUNG German, good bookkeeper and ac-
countant, also correspondent ln English,
Spanish and German; been three years ln
Mexico; has best references; wishes a posi-
tion In this capacity. Address box 33SO, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
Uet; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 DO. night, $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmoro at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia. St.
K M PI.OYMEVr WANTED — MALE.
UPHOLSTERER: first-class, all round man on
fine furniture, carpet, shade and drapery
work: ?5 years' practical experience; best
Eastern trade; capable of taking full charge.
Box 3755. Call office.
POSITION in real rstate office; have had ex-
perience with Inrjje firm in the East: will ac-
cept small wages at start. Address box 3753,
Call office.
ELDERLY gentleman seeks employment; book-
keeping. car<'tBklng, correspondence, night
f:lerk. tending ofnee or store. Box 1S4S. Call
orflce.
YOUNG man wishes position ns barkeeper ln
ealoon or hotel; can speak German, French
and Spanish. Address 640 Howard Bt.
ELDERLY German, clean, sober, wishes a sit-
uatlon to cook lunch and bartending. Call or
address J. B.. G10 Sacramento et. •
WORK wanted by an all-around mechanic;
married, man. Address box 49S2, Call office.
BAKER— Bread and cakebaker wants position;
day work desired. 313 Leavenworth st.
A GENTEEL, elderly man wishes employment;
office, store or factory: make himself gener-
ally useful; fair penman; reliable ln any busi-
ness; salary no object; references first-class.
Box 4966. Call.
LUMBER and freight measurer wants position;
1& years' experience ln Eastern steamsh'p
lines; can take full charge shipping office
work. Address . box 3720. Call office.
RELIABLE man (German) desires position in
• wholesale house or drive delivery wagonj best
city references;' sixteen years last place of
employment. Address A. E., box 3729. Call.
WANTED — As coachman by a man who thor-
oughly understands his business; can drive
four; light weight; age 35. Apply box 4364,
Call offlc*. • -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALB. V
A YOUNG man wishes position as clerk, book-
keeper or correspondent* speaks and writes
Spanish fluently and can furnish A No. 1 ref-
erences. Box 48G1, Call. ' "
YOUNG man, good ehaper, band saw hand;
can take charge of work as foreman; jjood
draughtsman and designer. Address box
2022. Call office. Oakland. .
EXPERIENCED Srst-class gardener, 80 years'
practicp, seeks position in hotel, private place
or big orchard. Address A. W., 431 Pine st.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
Igardener; can take care of horses and car-
riage. Address Gardener, box 3361. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
EXCHANGE.
TWO houses ln Los Angeles— Exchange for San
Francisco property or sell for cash, Install-
ments or first mortgage. Box 497S, Call office.
¦EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasae.. oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
_ FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
eale. call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITINQ CO., COI Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT sunny top flat; 6 rooms, bath; near
City Hall. 151 Grove fit.
FLAT of 3 light sunny rooms. 74a Teliama Bt..
near Ninth; rent $5.
HARRISON, 665— Upper 4 sunny rooms and
bath; no children.
IF you want' to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
TO LET— New flat, 4 rooms, bath and laundry.
343 Liberty st.
UPPER sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath; large
yard. Apply 2S06 Howard Bt. '
l»— FLAT, 6 rooms, 4S4 Federal; Mall dock;
novrly painted; free till October 1.
FLATL> TO LET KirilMSHKO.
NICELY furnished flaT^o~^renTT^lso~b^ouse-
keoplng rooms. 17S1 Halght St., near Golden
Gate Park.
FURXITUIIE FOR SALE.
4 ROCMS furnished in oak for $43 CO, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms for »ala cheap. Box
<i'7». Call of nee.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CIIAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135, Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln;tel.Polk.694;
- furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
15000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted,
M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry& Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phono Grant 1S5"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
8 waitresses for best commercial hotels. $20
and $25; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 4 lunch wait-
resses, $3 50, no Sunday work; 2 chamber-
maids to wait, |20; woman cook, $25, small
place, country; fancy ironer, country, $30 and
found, and many others
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Working huosekeeper. small American fam-
ily, city, $20; 5 second girls; 10 German cooks,
small families, good wages; 50 good places for
hourrglrls, nurseglrls, etc. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
A— SALESLADY for candy storo ln country P $S
to $9 week, one who has had experience ln
factory preferred. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
A — WOMAN cook. Santa Cruz, $30. see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 40 cooks, city and country. $25 to
$35; 73 girls, housework, $20 to $30. city and
country: 19 second girls, different nationali-
ties, city and country, $20 and $25; 4 nent
waitresses for country cafe, $30, see boss in
city; laundrpss; nursery governess, $25; kitch-
en helpers; 11 waitresses, family hotels, city
and country, $20, and lots of other girls for
work at going wages. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
216 Sr.tter st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt makers on ladles' tailor
suits; steady work. A. CAILLEAU, 114
Kearny* St.
REFINED girl for light second work an4 take
care of child 6 years old. Call between 10
and 12, 2203 Buchanan st.
A— TRIMMER, maker and apprentices ln milli-
nery store at 692 McAllister st.
GIRLS wanted: no experience needed: $3.
MUTUAL LABEL AND LITIIO. CO., 23 Main.
GIRL wanted to assist in housework and take
care of baby. 1632 McAllister st.
GIRL to ass>lst In housework. 410 Clayton st.,
near Oak. ,
GOOD talloress wanted at 2197 Powell st. -
YOUNG woman to do general housework and
cooking; family of 4. SCO Guerrero, bet. 1 & 3.
WANTED— Girl help housework, care 2 chil-
dren; $10 month. 220 27th St., nr. " Guerrero.
WANTED— A girl to do cooking and downstairs
work. 1601 Post st.
WANTED — Girls experienced ln paper box mak-
ing. Inquire 141-147 Fremont st.
WANTED— Girl to assist in general housework
ln small family. 1522^ Ellis at.
FIRST-CLASS maker and a smart young girl
around the store. DINAN, 24 Kearny st.
WANTED— Girl for light housework; good
home. 1749 Sutter st.
COMPETENT cook; general housework; wages
$30; reference. Call 1 to 5 at 1159 Octavla st.
WANTED- A lunch waitress. 608 Seventh st.
NEAT girl with city references, second work
and children. $20; Friday, 9 to 12. 2511 Pino.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highest wages
paid: Fteady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth sts.. off Folsom. *
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sta.
GIRLS to rivet ovpralls, also sewing machine
operators, "at Levl Strauss &. Co.'s factory.
22 V4 Fremont St.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A woman who is bright and dresses
npatly to travel for wholesale . house. Box
4972, CaU- office.
EXPERlENCED~Kirl to take c.ire of child and
do light housework;, two in family; wages $10.
2520 Mission st. ,
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes to do light house-
work. Call at 716 Franklin st. . .
A FINISHER wanted, and ladles' tailor; good
wages. M. FEDER. 211 Post st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework at 117 Bart-
lett St.: wages $15.
GIRL or woman for light housework; $15. 242Z
Suiter St.. near Broderlek.
GOOD operator and buttonhole maker on vests;
also f?w girls to learn. 157 Fourth at.
WANTED— Good, steady finishers on pants;
also operator. 157 Fourth st.
W A NTED— Ex perienced book folder in book
bindery. Address box 1851. Call office.
ELDERLY woman to assist with houfceworkT
lbO6 Geary st.
WANTED— Qlrls to shell walnuts. 123 Clay
St.. between 8 and 10. upstairs.
BY widower, reliable woman; general house-
work and care of children. Apply 3329 22d.
GIHLS wanted at United States laundry, S"ix-
teenth bt., near Valencia.
1RONERS wanted at United States Laundry,
Sixteenth »t.. near Valencia.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
eewltiR machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAUM. WEJL & M1CHELS. 531 Mission st.
¦WAITRESS and seamstress by the day or f o
room; beat references required. Address box
S7»i. Call office.
A GIRL wanted for general housework;" must
understand cooking; wages $30. 1257 Octavla.
GIRLS wanted at Comstock Dance Hall. 61S
Pacific St., corner Montgomery ave.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and vests,
paid while learning. 541 Market st.
QIRLS with . experience. Book bindery, ¦ &3S
Clay st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1<31 FoUom St.. between 13th and 14th.
A BRANCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
subscription* hat been-. established at 1098
Valencia it
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— W ANTED ...
5 brick masons for mining company, 8 months'
Job, ?4 a day; 4 more car men for mine, no
experience required, steady Job. $2 a day: 4
swampers for the woods, $35 and found and
fare paid; blacksmith and shoe, country shop,
$2 to |2 EO a day and board; 2 teamsters, city,
$1 E5 a day; German or Scandinavian for
poultry farm. $25 and found; milker, 10 cows
and chores, $25; ranch cook, $30; man about
place. $20; middle-aged Catholic for infirmary,
$15 and found: cook, boarding-house, $35;
cook, mining boarding-house, $30; second
lunch counter man, $35. W. D. EWER &
CO.. CIO Clay set.
A— WANTED
Ship's carpenter Jor Government dredger on
the bay, $75 and board; carpenter for shop
work, 8 hours. $3 60 a day. W. D. EWER &
CO.. CIO Clay st.
A— WANTED ...*.
Office boy for this office, $3 a week; call
early. W. D. EWER fc CO.. 610 Clay st. :
AT C. R. HAXSEK & CO.S....104 GEARY ST.
500 ME-N FOR RAILROAD WORK
200 teamsters. State of Nevada $2 a day
£0 tunnel men for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park. Los Angeles County.. ..$2 to $2 50 a day
FOR THE S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK
..100 MEN FOR DIFFERENT DIVISION8..
West Oakland Avon
¦ Niles Lake View
BO men for ballasting gang at Truckee
EO men for rock crusher at Truckee
Fee $1 Ship Daily ....Free Fare
20 laborers for reservoir and water works,
Napa County, $2 a day; 10 sawmill laborers,
Sonoma County, $28 and board; 10 men to
break horses to saddle, $45 and board.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Restaurant chef, north, $125; broiler, $65; sec-
ond cook, $»;0: cook, institution, $55; cook $30,
dishwasher $25, same country restaurant; leo-
ond cook, mine's boardlng-hous*. $49: 10 wait-
ers, different hotels and restaurants, $23 to
$40.
C. R, HANaEN & CO 104 Geary et.
A— KX-CAVALRYMEN and men accustomed to
taking care of horses to attend to horses on
transport to China. Apply to C. R. HANHEN
6 CO V 104 Geary st.
GEORGE CROSBY— Please call. Nursery-nan,
$1 day; farmers, $23; blacksmith, country
.shop, $2 and board; carpenters, city, $3 DO
* day; plain carriage painters, $3 day; brick-
* layer for mine, 14 day; edger man; 2 planer
men; 9 scraper teamsters, $1 GO day and
bonrd; 20. railroad laborers, free fare; 10 la-
lx>rers for mill yard. $28 and found, and oth»-
ers. . J. F. (JROSKTT & CO., 62S Sacramento.
2 DRIVERS for milk wagons, $30 and $35 and
found; milker, $30; 2 farmers and wives, $40
and $30; 2 men and wives, private families,
135 and $50; 6 grape pickers, $2 ton; fruit
pickers, $1 day and board, and others. J. F.
CROHETT & (X)., 628 Sacramento St.
COOK and wife. $73; cook and helper for ranch,
$60; boarding-house cook, $50; restaurant
oooks; hotel waiter, country, $30: porter, fam-
ily hotel, $2.>; dishwashers and others. J. F.
CROSKTT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A MAN and wife, ranch, $40; ranch hand. $30;
dishwasher, institution, $20; restaurant cook.
$40; dishwasher, same place, $18; a boy to do
chores. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
ACTIVE hustlers everywhere to take orders for
"Story of the Galveston Horror": over 500
pages; elaborately illustrated from actual
photographs; agents coining money; illus-
trated circular and outfit free; act quick.
Address GLOBE BIBLE PUBLISHING CO..
723 Chestnut at..' Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— Boy; aged 14-16; steady place; must
come well recommended; apply between 10-12
n. m. SCHOENFELD'S shirt depot. Market
St.. opposite Seventh.
BARBER Ehop for sale; running three chairs;
receipts $«:» weekly; ch«ap rent; will 6ell for
value of furniture; account of sickness. Ad-
dress Barber, box 3760, Call office.
W ANTED— A first-class sticker hand; also
good planer man. Apply COMMERCIAL
PLANING MILLS. Third and King sts.
BARBER for evenings: also one for Saturday
and Sunday. 511 Castro st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
good wages. 132 Pacific st.
BARBER -wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
wages $5. COS Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday. 89 Third st.
WANTED — Two steady barbers. 628 Fourth st.
WANTED — A good barber; steady place. 47a
Ninth Bt., Oakland.
GOOI> barber: Saturdays and Sundays. 623
Union St., near Powell.
COATMAKER Tor country. Apply RE1SS
BROS. & CO.. 2J Sutter St.
WANTED— Shoemaker for work or buy the
shop, 635 Commercial st.
YOUNG man ln tin ehop to learn trade; age 16
years. Apply 7 to 10 at C33 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS elevator man wants position;
references. Box 3755, Call.
CLERK for grocery and bar. H. METHMANN,
2438 Market St., corner Sanchez.
PLAIN cook with $75 for a half Interest in
good restaurant. 12 Washington st.
WANTED— A good dishwasher. 236 Town-
send st. • ¦
KITCHEN hand. Oakland Coffee and Lunch
House, 5 Kflst st.
WANTED— A man to work around the place.
1443 Harrison st.
DISHWASHER wanted at LOWE'S restaurant,
6C7 Sixth St.; call earty.
RESPECTABLE boy wanted; 15 to 17 years o.'
aga. J. SMITH, the tailor. 906 Market st.
WAITER wanted at 135 Fifth st.
LARGE boy wanted at drugstore, Twenty-flrat
and Valencia sts.
WANTED — An experienced cook for restaurant.
128 Ninth st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairs; steady work.
2140 Fillmore st.
FIRST-CLASS cook; $2 &0 per day. Capital
Restaurant, 206 McAllister st. -
WANTED — A young man as second cook; mu3t.
be experienced; wages $40. 25 Taylor st.
A TAILOR in general wanted at 2197 Powell st.
WANTED — Man to care for place: references.
30 Hannah St.. Watts Tract, Oakland.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1120 Folsom Ht.
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng at 625 Com-
mercial st.
FITRNlSHED barber shop for rent, $5 a month.
3119 Fillmore f£ ¦. "¦
L1NDICLI. House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms. 13c to 23c night; 73o to $2 per week.
Al BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 718 Market st. *
CASH boys wanted; only those attending night
school need apply. S. N. WOOD & CO., 718
Market st.
STRONG young man to make himself gener-
ally useful ln hay and grain business; board
and moderate wages. 2324 San'Bruno.
WANTED— Stove molder for snap work. Ap-
ply 816 Kearny st.
WANTED— Two men for collecting and solicit-
ing; German speaking preferred; good chance.
B. C. LITTLE, room 6. 405 Montgomery st.
BRIGHT man: collect: 8 to 9. 4 to 6. M. iT
RYAN, 405 Montgomery St., room 6.
YOUNG man wanted for jewelry store; state
age and reference. Box 4973. Call office.
YOUNG-jnan to drive meat wagon. People"s
Market, 2299 Market St., cor. Noe.
WANTED — Boy who has had some experience
at blacksmith trade. 1800 Folsom st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, " half
price. £62 Mission St., bet: 1st and 2d sts.
MARKERS and distributors wanted at United
Slates Laundry. Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
"WANTED— Young butcher to cut meat and
drive wason. 518 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
FOR sole— 2-chalr ! barber shop. Address box
4976, Call office.
STICKER, matcher and planer- hands wanted
in San Francisco manufacturing establish-
ment; steady employment all .year round to
suitable men; wages $3 to $3 50 per day. Bos
4969. Call office. • .
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only Wght
weeks required; positions guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARKER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 2J7 Third, st. ; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 p"er--week.
NEW goods: "quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood building.
WANTED- A washer , for plain work. " Apply
Mercantile Towel Co.. 251 Jeaale. nr. Fourth.
FOR sale— A 3-chair barber shop, on account of
going East. 14 Turk St..
JEWELERS. 328 Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
BOYS with experience at underpressing on
pants and vests. 541 Market st.
WANTED— A man that understands florist and
nursery business. SCO Halght Bt.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. ' Boston House. 930 Howard »t.
BOYS- wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA-
CIFXC GLASS WORKS. - 7th and Townsend.
SAILORS, - ordinary , seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steaart.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A-MURRAY & READY... .PHONE MAIN 6845
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE..WE.. SHIP... EVERYBODY... FREE
To All Parts of California, Utah. Nevada.
NUMBER. WANTED AT WAGES.
154-Nevada. Truckee. Lake View.. $41 and fd
10— Los Angeles, Santa Barbara $2 day
2( — Redding, Shasta, Fresno $1 90 day
IIS— Surf. Soda Springs. Salt Lake $2 day
64— Dixon. Klmira and Bakersfleld...$l 70 day
1C3— For 19 different divisions V day
FREE FARE. ...OFFICE FEE ONLY $L
MURRAY & READY.
C24-636 Clay st.
CLASSES OF HELP
A— NUMBER. WANTED. WAGES.
85— Laborers to help carpenters, you'll
suit $40 and found
3 — Carpenters for vineyards
6 — Blacksmiths $45 and found
7— Sash and door makers, plumbers and
tinner, shingle Jointers, crosscut saw-
yers $2 50 to $3 day
IS— Laborers to work at mines $42 and fd
12 — Miners, single-hand work $60 and fd
82— Parm, orchard, vineyard hands.. $26 and fd
18— Milkers and butter-makers $30 and fd
6— Fanners and wives, furnace man
$40 and found
1! — Teamsters, road work J32 and Id
15 — Men to ride horses ${5 and fd
1»— Stablemen, city and country. .$35 and fd
18— Choremen and boys, come see.. $25 and fd
150— Men for Humboldt County $2S and fd
229 — Scraper teamsters, all parts... $35 and fd
19 — Drillers, bricksetters, etc $2 SO day
183— Laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, some ln clty..U 75 to $2 60 day
4— Boatmen, beef luggers, stone masons.
$S day
19 — Tailors, firemen, men for wine cellars.
bakers' and coal wagons, etc
$2 to $2 50 <!ay
297— Jobs not advertised, come see.... $2 50 day
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKING.
191 — Men or boys to pick fruit, work in
packing-bouses, etc., you'll suit
$30 and found
SAWMILLS, WOODS. ETC.
84— Laborers to work ln woods, mills,
yards, wharves. 15 different Jobs, free
$20 to $40 and found
I — Ironmolders $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL BAKERY BUTCHERS
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Second cook, mines. $10 and found, fare paid
ft cooks $;0, $60, $40, $3u and found
19 waiters $35. $30. $25, $20 and found
32 dishwashers $30, $25. $20. $15 and found
12 takers', assistants.... 140. $35. $30 and found
12 laundry men $<0, $35, $30, $25 and found
Candymakers; porter help for institution
6 butchers $35. VA and $S0
MURRAY & READY. 634-63S Clay st.
A— SPECIAL
I stenographers and typewriters
$C0 and $45 and found
Sailor for launch
Experienced • storekeeper, $42 50 and board;
carpenter for ranch, see boss here: painter for
rough work
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy: able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch ln height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal., £30 K st.,
Sacramento, Cal.. or IOCS J St.. Fresno. Cal.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; S5o
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 527 Four-
teenth st., near Guerrero.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard at,
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 18
/.years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
l'.et; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Ktc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and ¦working horses at
TOMKINSON'S stables. 57 Minna st., bet.
First and Second sts.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses: also
pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies: cheap.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard st.
WANTED— Cheap horse. Butcher shop, 4S6
Eighth st.
UOL'SGS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
TO LET — House of 4 rooms and bath. 2303
Polk st.
HOUSES TO LET — FUHXISHED.
FURNISHED house of S rooms to rent; reas-
onable. A. JOHNSON. 601 Dupont St.
LOST AXD FOII.VD.
LOST— First National Bank check. No. 71474;
amount $180. Finder please return to HENRY
M. OWENS, room 570, Parrot building. 82i
Market St., and receive reward.
LOST — On Unlon-st. car, Wednesday, purse
containing money and rings. Liberal reward
and no questions asked if returned to 837
California st.
LOST— 5 p. m.. Sept. 20. solitaire diamond ring;
wire setting. Mason et.. cor. Eddy; liberal
reward. Return to 41 Eddy st.
IX)ST— A small dark brown spaniel; whits
breast, feet. 2015 Golden Gate ave. ; reward.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of THOMAS PURCELL. No. 170-627.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Black Fedora hat with hatband ini-
tials P. J. M., at the Mexican ball. Odd Fel-
lows' Hall. Sunday evening. Return to 83S!i
Jackson st. ; reward.
FOUND— 12th inst.. Spitz dos. Owner can have
same by proving property and paying ex-
penses. Apply from 8 to 9 a. m., Z to 6 p. m.
Pioneer Soda Works. 135a>lS5I Mission St.-
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Soctrty of San Francisco in the
name of MICHAEL COLLINS. No. 133-313.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— On ferry-boat Oakland. 1:30 p. m., Sep-
tember 16. master license, sailing vessels, be-
longing to CHARLES OKE. • Finder will
please return to 6 Howard St.. S. F.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel dog. Return to 31S
Pine St., room 7: reward.
MASSAGE.
EMILY 8EGSWORTH. assistant to Dr. A. K.
Willcox, scientific masseuse, room 40, St.
Ann's buildlnc; hours. 9 a.m. to 12:20.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES.fl22S MarkeTTT^Rein
- able ladies' and gents' specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at office;
ladles treatwl can return home the same day;
try the celebrated HINDO HERB treatment
for home cure; any one can use it by direc-
tions:, perfectly harmless: home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
DH. O. W. O'DONNELu, the worid-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can b«
used at home: consultatlr- free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023<£ Market st.
DRS.GOODWIN.well known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure IS: have> treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F.; maternity
home; low fe«-s. 10O7<4 Market St.. near Sixth.
NO TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tlon, cancer, catarrh, etc.. all diseases treat
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sanl-
tarlnm. 704 Sacramento St.. corner ITearny.
MRS.' DR. WYETII.~reliable specialists: 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement: treatment it
office. $3; any aliment; con&ultatlcn free; con-
fidential. S42 Post Rt.. b€t. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
ist; home In confinement: safe and reliable:
consultation free; hours 10 to S.
A — NEW process: every woman her own physl-
rlah: no medicine cr pills used: practical phy-
sician 37 yrs. DR. POPPER. 313 Kearny st.
MRS. CR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fl<e. $5; positive core. 446 Eddy, nr. Ltrnwrta
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
ln confinement. 1212 Gold<»n Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
ea*es of the human b"dy. 115 Mason st.
BIISCELLAXEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont «t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours.- J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission «t..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
¦ ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suit. • $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery «t.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2 drill
air compressor. JARDINES, 220 Fremont Bt.
NATIONAL cash register, nearly new, for
aale, cheap, at 412*4 Sixth st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOB. »AI«~. _
FOS slle-Property of th« Lira OaJt Co**° : *~
dated Gold Mlninr Co.. situated In 2««l 1 i2
- County. 13 rallea north of Auburn: 2 * 3 f\~™,j!r
claims: 8-stamr. quartz mill: ditch ar id Bo *=f-
lnir works complete. For ftirther.parUcuiars
inonlre- or A. JIEISTER, 914 Ninth at. bao
ramento, Cal. 'j:-'.
FOR SALE. _ .
The submerxed four-masted steel ship. An °T*
lara. lylnff In Tacoma harbor, also sc° w f;
lighters, shears, dlvins gear, engines. caDi«
and other wrecklne appliances. Address aU
communications to C. L. PARKER. Secretary.
rooms 40-41. Haller block. Seattle. Wash.
A— BUYS, sells or rents tear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting. puHey 8 -
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. '
F OR sale— Cheap, a 5S elertric lijtht bath cabi-
net, or will rent. E. F. HENZEL. corner
Point Lobos and Fifth aves. •
FOR sale— Cheap, a new 53 Majestic ranjr<*.
with steam table, heater and cooker. K. V
HEXZEL, cor. Point Lobos and Fifth aT»»
STEEL TANKS, all sizes; suitable for water or
oil; cheaM all shapes: second harfl II. S.
WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A COMPLETE outfit for a-wninjr and tent
making for sale cheap. 1K5 Mission at.
FINE bred fresh Jersey cow and calf. In<rulr»
at Nucleus Stable. 190 Stevenson »Z.
SAFES— Sew and second hand. THE HER-
MANX SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento »t.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Durke. 139 Beale.
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post »t.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A, HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Princa Albert
suits for S2 B0. Portland Loan Offlce. 13 Stktn.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAJCD photographic and majttc lantern out-
fits boiisrht. sold, exchanged. 109 Mont^omerr.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enrlnes ani
boilers bonght and sold^ KROGH Mfg( Co.
BAFES — Xe— and second band: all sires. THF1
WALTZ SAFE. 100-111 Market St.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best ln America-Tha Weekly
Call. 16 pages, srnt to any address In the
T'ntte.1 Sfate^ r»r C*T?art» or>- year fr»r tl.
MISCELL.\XEOIS WASTS.
SECOND-HAND billiard cr pool table; largo
size. Address box 4071. Call ofT.ce.
WANTED— Swallow-tall coat ln wood order;
»ize 3S to 39. Adilrrss box Ht3. Call office.
LADIES' and gents' enst-off clothing bouuht A
sold. SUverman. 3St Fo'.som: tel. Folsom lai.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothinjr. bric-
a-brao and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie. Ml.
IF you wish full value for vour cast-off clothln?
«-all on Tt. COTTEX. ir.7 Thtrr*: tel. Blaclc 4V!*.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terrca.
Second mortgages
Interests In estates
Undivided Interests in real estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY, €30 Market.
ANT amount at « per cent: 1st. 2d and Jd n_rt-
frages. .undivided Interest, real estate ln
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de*
lay; get my terms before dolnjr business else-
whtre. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 1
ANT proposition, any amount: < per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, 'legacies, corporaticn loans, chattel
mortgages, lire insurance. Room 18. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN A OLSEN.
MOST reliable place to. borrow on diamond*,
watches. Jewelry- W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gokl, silvsr, diamond.*;
jvlll be open Monday. Sept. 24, Jewish new
year.
H1GHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
6t-; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service: meney direct: lowest interest. Room*
6S ar.d *9, Donohoe building. *170 Market »t.
A— JCOO.000 ON city and country real estate anil
estates: chattel mortgage; notes and col-
laterals. J. HROW.NSTO.NE, 11 Montgomery.
AT 118 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable private-
, place to borrow on watches. <hamonils; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
JCCO.OOO AT 9 per rent In sums to suit in city:
also 1130.000 on large ranch"*; also on seron.l
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and.
pianos: no removal: low rates: c^nfldentla!.
EONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money io butla with;
small monthly payments. Home HuiM;:: ;
Company, 222 Sansome St.. room t.
ilONET to loan on furniture by private party:
low rate. 917 Market St., room 1.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
OX furniture and pianos; no removal: conS-
dentlal: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security: all Just-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 221 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent perm^nth; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. ( Eddv st.
CAKH loaned t*<salarled people on note wltnout
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Kxaminer building.
OX furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
3IO.VEY WASTED.
JCOOO ON big interest and bonus Is wanted by
an incorporated company owning a group of
well developed quartz mines and a never ia.ll-
lng water power adjacent for generating elec-
tric power and light in great demand trier?;
this Is preliminary to a plan by which th^
company will soon be able to earn a dividend
of 30 per cent per annum on a capitalization
of Jl.COO.OCO. FOWLER & CO.. 1413 Call
building.
$20,000. A SAFE, flat loan, wanted. FOWLER
& CO.. 1H3 Call bulUlng.
MI'SICAL I.\STnU.HK.\TS.
lly^OX^^ATFzT^BARGAn^LISTT^
SOS Post st.
Stodart. square : i. ............ $25
French upright 6i
Hallett & Davis 100
Steinway. fairly good 17*.
Majestic, nearly new y>n
Checkering, large slza 23)
Richmond, large size 25.>
Decker, cabinet grand IT.I
Byron Manzy. nearly new T.Tt
Sohmer. slightly used 473
Call and see the latest bargains ln pianos
on the Pacific Coast. No trouble to show
goods.
A HALLETT & DAVIS, rosewood case....*T.O Ort
Edwards & Son, rosewood case 75 no
Arlon. rosewood ca«e 9.'. *)
Hallet & Davis II". •»
Weber, finest condition 17j H
Manner & Sons ...._ 173 '»»
Kingsburyv. oak f.. 1*H> ")
Standard, used a few months 2T. 0)
Easy payments, sheet i.-iusic arvl everything
ln the music line. Chickerlng. Vose. Sterling
agency. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-13-iJ
O'Farrell st.
A RELIABLE piano can be bought only from
a reliable house. The ZENO MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO. is such & house. Their a.ldress is
7C9 • Market «t.
DON'T fall to see the beautiful Decker & Son
baby grands Just received at MAUVAIS'. 7R3
Market st. They are the best ever shown ia
the city.
NO matter what you want in the line- of mu-
sical goods, you can always do best at MAU-
VAIS'. 769 Market »t.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN'
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every grade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. $>] per month;
some good pianos for $2. $4 and. $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. OaklancJ^^
AT a discount, to establish our new location,
we will give 10 per cenfoff on pianos; some
/econd-hand bargains: 3 Heine uprights. $327;
2 Stelnwaya. JI95: 1 Chlokering. J165; l Ma-
son & Hamlln. $CSO. ami 20 other bargains;
agents for Hallett * Davis and 5 other maltea
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.. near City
of Parish
ABSOLUTELY the oMest and largest hous«
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S ->3
2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical lr.struments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
IT.J-OOOD piano, flne tone, for gale" on J3 In-
gtallmenta. 1115 Post st. ** In
BARGAIN— Good piano chear>; Installment U
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.
VT. O. PADGER, 412 Sacramento »t. a-ent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new II
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos; $; payments;
for rent. |2 up. DRLENN-. 20t Post st.
HIGH-fiKADE plPno*: Steck. Hartfman. Co~
over & others. TV. n. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post.
FOR aale-EIeitant walnut, cabinet rrand up-
right, cheap, or will rent. 342 Kearny st.
SLAUGHTER sale of upright pianos for »tor-
age: >jO up. "Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market «t.
8 -C.^.^AL. Steinway: perfect order. HT5.
KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. bet. 5th and «t_More than 100 .000.000 Chinese, it is said,
are engaged either directly or indirectly
in the tea industry.
COOS BAT— Arrived Sept 20— Schr Emma
Utter, from San DIegro.
DOMESTIC PORT.
Thursday, September 20.
Ptmr W H Kruper, Krog-, Tillamook Bay.
/Nor stmr Titanla, Gulliksen, Nanalmo.
SAILED.
Thursday, September 20.
Btmr Despatch, Johnson. 61 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 24 hours from
Needle Rock.
I*A/TB SBDCPPING UTTtXI/IGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Warren M. Crouse, as administrator of
the will of the late Lafayette "Woodward*
has sued the First National Bank of San
Francisco tq recover $33,000. the value of
110 shares of the capital stock of the de
fendant corporation, which plaintiff al
leges belon? to decedent's estate, but
which the defendant corporation refuses
to transfer on its books to the account of
the plaintiff In his capacity of executor.
First National Bank Sued.
Half a hundred creditors of the estate
of the Jate L. P. Drexler filed written
objections yesterday to the petition for the
distribution cf the properties to the devi
sees and legatees under the will of the
deceased.
Decedent'B widow was placed on the
stand and testified as to the correctness
of her final account. A continuance was
then ordered, and this afternoon argu
ment on the question as to the amount of
collateral Inheritance tax which is due
from the estate will be heard. The peti
tion for distribution will be passed upon
later.
Creditors of Dreader Estate.
C B Brown, Sacto
O Lawlor. Cal
L Goldstone. Cal
F White, Cal
J F Parkinson, P Alto
G F Trenwith, S Barb
R W Correll. Salt Lake
O F Robinson. Chico
O E Lytle, Chicago
II L Emory, 8n Dlejro
H L Benson, Klamath
G J Well. Buffalo
G A McElfresh, Chico
A Slnp-er, Chicago
M L Moore & w, L An
J L Adams, N Y
Rev XV II Klchardson,
Texas
O R Putnam, St Louis
Dr O S Trimmer, Cal
J W Palmer, Detroit
A Browne, Los Ang
M Christensen Jr, Cal
Mrs D Koppltz. L Gats
J XV Fergens, Sta Cruz
Mrs R A Bronley. Cal
W Christen & w, Ney
Miss L Litsler. Nev
J M George, Pa
Mrs M Shannon, Cal
T E Murphy, Martinez
W C Little. Monterey
D G McStotts, D C
XV H Hill, San Rafael
J D McGilvey, Stanfrd
G Turner. Modesto
Mrs C P Lewis, Benlcla
D L Smith & w, Cal
C Frances, Salinas
E F Roberts & w, Peta
A Fraith, Stockton
il (."row & w, Modesto
II H Purkhise. Needles
R B Butler. Fresno
F W Johnson, Marysvl
II Malloch. Marysvllla
W 1 Morrisey, Orland
S B Karrants & w, NH
G C Teltzer. Pt
J P Gillisple & w, N Y
J Morzen & w, Lovelck
L M Flowers, Vallejo
PALACE HOTEK
II Havens, Stanford
H Fawcett, N Y
O H Arc-her & w, W Va
J F Sheehan Jr, Stanfd
M F Tarpey, Alameda
A C Cassell. Cal
Miss B B Cassell, Cal
A XV Eastlake, London
J A Chanalor, Los Ang
B AV HalRhie & w. Cal
N RosenstrauM, 111
F E VeiUh, Rockland
L Ilenle, N Y
E Butler Jr, N Y
C R Herbert. Mexico
J "W Van Praag, N Y
A A Barber, Gr Rapds
H Wertholmer Jr. N Y
J A Finn, New York
C W nosers, Ijos Ans
1> Campbell. Ft Worth
T Flint & w, San Juan
Dr H L Pace, Tulsre
R G Whlttlock. Ky
J Farrctt Sc w, Cal
J D Bradford, N Y
V Creaspy & w, Aubrn
A S Robs & w, N Y
J Nelll. England
H C Ansell, England
K Balagucna. Orovllle
T J Field. Monterey
E D Ilar^reaves. Cal
M G Netll, Monterey
T G Thomson & w,
Spokane
C «} McBrlde A -w, Cal
C de N Pery, Liondon
W W Chapln. Sacto
Mrs W Carson, Iowa
I> Beer. N Y
W F Franklin, N T
W F Baker, N Y
W W Roberts. N T
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
F Campbell, Cal
C Ferner, Cal
J Hosle, Truckes
Miss C Iludson, Ohio.
Mrs M C Yates, Boston
E Iiarron, San Jcse
Mrs Barren, d, S Jose
ft Eltyrm, Stockton
G Ulake, Mont
H CarUon. H Dak
W F Heine, Merced
Mrs W J Brown, L A
I M Joseph. San Juan
J E Hopkins, N T
A A Wheaton, N T
A F Miller, N T
H E Carpenter, Cal
M Carpenter, Cal
J McGraw, Pavo, Ga
E J Rich, Stockton
Miss A Aurelans, Utah
W F Fink, St Louis
Mrs M J Campbell, 111
GRAND HOTEL,
HOTEL ABBIVATA
STOCKTON, Sept. 20.— This is Gover
nor's day at the District Fair. Governor
Gage, however, was detained in San Fran
cisco on business and could not be here,
so he sent his regTets. Secretary of State
Curry, Deputy Hoesch and Assistant At
torney General Post arrived on the noon
train from Sacramento. They were met
by the directors of the Driving fAuh and
wined and dined at the Imperial Hotel,
also members of the Dress. This after
noon the State officials were taken to the
race traOk and this evening they will be
in attendance at the pavilion.
Governor's Day at Stockton.
Running, flv« furlongs, purse $123 — Xomadlo
(Kelly) won. Judge Shropshire (Bra??) second.
Fermo (Shucroutrh) third. Time, l:03V4- Fear
Not. Slree and Kyletta also started.
Runnlne. on« mile— Tenrlca (Brown) won.
McFarlane (Kelly) second. Sea Spray third.
Time, 1:42$. Sister Emma and Manzanllla also
ran. v
Time— 2:18H. 2:17tf. 2:23^-
Tlme-2:1S, 2:14^. 2:18. 1:18%. 2:15%.
Paclnz. 2:11 class:
Clerf (C. E. Clark) lit
Irvlngton Boy (W. Cecil) 2 2 J
Glenway (J. A. Albertson) 3 3 8
The Queen (J. M. Nelson) 4 4 4
Gaff Topsail (N. J. Smith) d
Trotting. 2:15 class, stake J500:
Bonsallne (M. Banders) t 1 S 1 1
Bob Ingersoll (W. Cecil) 2 2 12 3
Lottie (C. Spencer) 1 S 3 8 d
General Smith took the lead and held It
half the journey, with Maggie McKinney
a length and Athereine hopelessly in the
rear. The race looked safe for Smith until
nearing tho third turn. Then he went up
in the air and the first money could not
have been taken away from the black
mare with a club. She slowed up on the
homestretch to allow Athereine to save
his distance. The purse was divided as
follows: Maggie McKinney first. General
Smith second. Athereine third. Ben L!cbes
fourth. " Time, 2:2*H£. Summaries:
Trotting, 2:24 class, stake $500 (unfinished):
Maggie- McKinney <W. G.
Durfee) 4 S 1 1 I 2 1
General Smith (Shaner and
Sanders) 2 2 2 1112
Atherine (P. W. Hodges) 113 4 4 3 2
Ben Ltebes (C. A. Durfee).. 8 4 4 3 3 ro
Time-2:21, 3:U%. 2:17H. 2:18',i. 2:17%. 2:20>i. 2:20.
The unfinished 2:24 trot was the first
race called. Atherelne, Maggie McKinney
and General Smith having each won two
heats were up for the stake of $300. The
opening odds were 10 to 5 against the
field on Smith in the auction pools. The
book odds were: General Smith 2 to 5,
Maggie McKinney 6 to 6 and Atherelne
3 to 1.
STOCKTON, Sept. 20.— The talent went
against It to-day when they put up their
hard money on Sea Spray, slated to win
in the first running event. The Up was
passed out among the faithful that "sure
thing dope had been throwed Into the
nag" and there was no question as to tho
result. Sea Spray lost, and the sports de
clare that Flynn pulled the horse and did
his work raw, but no formal charges were
preferred.
The day was bad, a fast wind clouding
the track and breaking; the horses at dif
ferent angles.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Sports 3>eclare That
Flynn Pulled tlie Horse, but
No Formal Charges Have
Been Hade.
Sea Spray, a Heavily
Played Favorite, Is
Beaten.
Elghty-elKht high-class hounds will
course at San Mateo Park on Saturday
and Sunday under tho auspices of the
Ingleslde Coursing Association. The
draw, held last night at Pythian Castle,
was as follows:
J. Dempsry's Jingle Bells vs. J. Cone's Red
Glen: (I. Lennan's Half Moon vs. D. E. Wiley's
High Born Lady; C. Grau'a Martha Washing
ton vs. "A. Johnson's Tod Sloan; E. M. Kel
log"s Ben's Babe vs. iVJPhannon's Safeguard;
W. Cairn's Imperial v<C J, Edmond's Go On;
J. Collins" Richmond Queen .vs. F. Mack's
Delia M; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Victor Boy
vs. J. Flower's Keystone: J. E. Kennedy's
F.ver Shore vs. G. Lennon'n Jennie Noye»- *E
D. Fallen's Lily of .the West vs. E. Burke' s
Night Time: L. F. Bartels' Banner Bright vs.
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Rosy Clair; T. Lo
gan's Honor Bright vs. D. Toland's Twilight
Jr.; Lowe Jk Thompson's little Fullerton vs.
W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells; J. Carrol's Mas
ter Clair vs. J. E. McCormack's White Lily;
Kelly & Hanley's Baby King vs. J. n. Smith's
Victor Queen: J. Potter's Palmflower vs. Lande
& Gerber's Concord: Captain Cane's Mtss Pen
man vs. Schafter Brothers' Fair Glen; J. Dean's
Sisquoc vs. P. McCabe's Sky Blue; W." J.
Browning's Mountain Bell vs. D. Dillon's Dew
Drop: L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Flora McDonald: J. Dean's Gal
lant vs. C. Bonner's Wild Norah; J. E. Meno
han's Tired Out vs. P. M. Clarkson's Golden
Garter: J. E. Kennedy's Wine West vs. J. R.
Smith's Jennie Sylvanus; Condrey & Roughl's
Nightingale vs. O'Shea Brothers' Golden Rule;
C. P. Charles-worth's Crawford Braes vs. J. E.
Menohan's T A; P. J. Reilly's Honesty vs.
Lande & Gerber's Mount Ida; J. Potter's Remus
vs. Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas; Sullivan & Train
or*s Maid o' the Hill vs. O'Shea Brothers*
Young America :¦ W. Cairn's Gladys Weller vs.
D. Toland's Pleasant Girl; T. Cooney's Sweet
Favordale vs. E. M. Kellog's Iowa Boy: W. D.
Murphy's Crawford Lass vs. Condrey &
Rought's Flying Daisy; J. R. Smith's Pass
word vs. T. Logan's Miss Grizzle: Wi T.
Badger's Alnmeda Lad vs. F. Shou's K'.ng's
Borderer; J. Lannehan's Lolita vs. P. McCabe'a
Fair Lily: P. Jackson's Golden Russet vs. E.
M. Kellog's Kid McCoy: O'Shea Brothers'
Merry Girl vs. J. Dean's Connemara: Horrigan
& Wlgand's Overture va Russoll. Alien & Wll
pon's Spiteful; Condrey & Rought's Homeward
Bound vb. F. Ehou's Lady Glcnkirk: J. E. Mc-
Cormack's Proud Beauty vs. Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Talk to Me: Aeneid Kennels' Athena
vs. M. London's Magneto: J. J. Edmond's
Whisky Hill vs. F. Shou's Smuggler; A. John
son's Lowlander vs. Pullivan & Trainor's My
Selection: J. Byrne's Olyropus vs. Russell, Al
len & Wilson's Belle Clair: W. C. Glasson's
Santonin vs. D. Shannon's Strand of Gold; J.
Carrol's Auckland vs. P. McEwen's Rigby.
Coursing t will begin on the arrival of
the 10:15 a. m. train Saturday morning.
Eighty-Eight Entries in the Open
Stake for Saturday and Sun
day Coursing.
FAST HOUNDS WILL KILL
HARES AT SAN MATEO
San Mateo Coursing Park, Midweek Stake:
First round — J. Collins' Richmond Queen beat
R. F. Levies' Lady Gordia 6-1; T. Cooney's
Modesty beat G. Welch's Little Lucy 8-3;
Schaffer Bros.' Fair Glen beat' J. Potter's
Kemus 7-3; P. McCabo's Craig Boy beat O'Shea
Brve.' Mercy May 4-2; W. J. Browning's Moun
tain Bslle beat J. Farrell'a Cash Day 40-4; C.
O. Peterson'* Silver Cloud beat J. Cone's Red
Glen 10-0; W. Healers Lady Like beat T.
Brown's Village Belle 22-14; T. Cooney's Sweet
Faverdale a bye; M. London's Magneto beat
T. A. Gaffney's Gypsy Queen 9-3; M. Mtchlliki'B
Temmlte beat H. A. Deckelman's Ruby Rocket
9-7; Schatfer Bros.' Thunderbolt beat L. F.
Bartels' Betsy Barrow 5-3; D. Burke' s Night
Time beat L. F. Bartels' Banner Bright 3-1; G.
Lemon's Jennie Noyes beat F. Moran's Bit
of Fashion 6-0; P. M. Clarkson's Headwater
beat J. Potters' Palmflower 10-0; O'Shea Bros.'
Golaen Gate beat J. J. Edmonds' Go On 7-4;
P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold beat G. Len
non's Half Moon 6-5: H. A. Deckelman'n
Kanaka beat T. A. Gaffney'« False Flatterer 15
12; F. MeComb's Patriot beat D. Shannon's
Strand of Gold 5-3; D. E. Wiley's High Born
Lady beat C. Bonar's Wild Nora 8-1; D. Dil
lon's Kuropa beat Lowe & Thompson's Pink
of Fashion 7-5; Lande & Gerber's Mount Ida
beat Lowe & Thompson's Cora Pearl 12-4; L.
F. Bartels' Barcn Blood beat XV. D. Murphy's
Crawford La*s 1S-6; J. McCormick's White Lily
boat M. J. Welsh's Mellwood 5-0; W. Cairnes'
Gladys Weller beat J. McCormick'a Proud
Beauty 7-fr; F. Moran's Gold Dollar beat II.
Weber's Alabama Coon 8-0; Lowe & Thomp
son's Prince Hal beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan
7-5; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle bp.at F. Mack's
Delia M. 9-5: Kelly & Hanley's Baby King beat
O. Zahl's Tony Bowers 6-2; P. Stelnoff's Veto
beat Porter Bros.' Pluck 12-0: W. Cairnes' Im
perial tteat W. C. ¦ nadeer's Alameda Lad 6-2;
J. J. Kdtnond's Whisky Hill b*at J. E. Mona
han's Tired Out S-6; Lande & Gerber's Concord
beat D. Farrell's Ball Room Belle 12-3.
Second round— Modesty beat Richmond Queen
5-0; CralK Boy beat Fair Olen, 6-4; Silver
Cloud beat Mountain Belle. 4-1; Sweet Faver
dale beat Lndy Like. 4-0; Terronlte beat Mag
neto, 6-3; Thunderbolt beat Night Time. 6-4:
Headwater beat Jennls Noyes. 5-0: Flower of
Gold beat Golden Gate. 42-4: Patriot beat Ka
naka. 6-3; High Born Lady beat Europa 8-1:
Mount Ida beat Baron Blood. 7-2; White Lily
bfat Gladys Weller, 6-5; Prince Hal beat Gold
Dollar. 6-4; Bald Eagle beat Baby King. 5-2:
Imperial beat Veto, 6-2; Concord beat Whisky
Hill, 8-6.
Third round-Modesty a bye; Silver Cloud
beat Sweet Faverda!*, 8-7; Thunderbolt beat
Terronlte, ?-6; Headwater beat Patriot. 6-5-
High Born Lady beat Flower of Gold. 19-6*
Mount Ida beat White Lily, 12-2; Bald Eagle
beat Prince Hal, 6-4; Imperial beat Concord,
6-0.
Fourth round— Modesty beat Silver Cloud
l«-8: Headwater beat Thunderbolt, 5-4; Mount
Ida be.it High Born Lady, 8-5; Imperial beat
Bald Eagle, 5-1.
Fifth round— Headwater beat Modesty, 7-5-
Mflunt Ida beat Imperial, 19-3.
Deciding course— Mount Ida beat Headwater,
13-3.
•
Lande & Gerber's Mount Ida won the
deciding course from P. M. Clarkson's
Headwater 1 ; a 2 to 1 favorite. Thi3 run
¦was as pretty an exhibition as one could
wish to see. Unfortunately for the hard
worked dogs, they were pitted against
the speediest kind of a hare, which gave
them a grueling course all over the lot."
iuount Ida took a slight lead at the slip
and maintained It to the farthest escape.
No change was noticeable in the position
of the dogs In the long run up the field,
nor was a turn made in the entire dis
tance. Then up and down the escape
fence and back to the slipper's box the
jack gave its black pursuers a hard
chase and kept the excited onlookers 'on
tiptoe.
Jennie Noyes, a young greyhound, beat
.l>.>. of Fashion, a 2 to 1 favorite, in the
rundown and showed some good qualities.
This was her second time out and after
having some experience she will probably
prove a good one. -
Flower of Gold beat Golden Gate In a
heavy scoring course, after one unde
cided, and the hare gave the winner a
chance to inspect nearly every foot of
the field.
Imperial and Thunderbolt ran In good
form and fooled the wise ones.
Good odds were offered against the
dozen short ends which upset calcula
tions. The stake throughout was a good
one.
The day's results, with Judge Andrew
Dean's official scores, follow:
The midweek stake of the Ingleslde
Association at San Mateo Park yesterday
furnished a good programme of coursing.
Strong: Hares Force the Sounds and
Long Courses Result — A Dozen
Short-Ends Get the
Flag.
Beats Headwater in Mid
week Event at San
Mateo Park.
MOUNT IDA WINS
THE STAKE IN A
RATTLING FINAL
LOSING DAY
FOR THE TALENT
AT STOCKTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1900.
11
OCEAN TRAVEL.
STEAMER
"StPauJ"
St. Michael
AND—
Nome.
Saturday, September 29.
APPLY TO
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.,
210 SANSOME ST..
AMERICAN LINE.
HIT T0R5. SOUTHAMPTON. 10ND0IT. PAKli
Stopping: at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Pt. Louis ........Oct. S| St. Louls_...... Oct *24
New York ......Oct. 10 New York ......Oct 31
St. Paul. ...... ...Oct. ; 17|sSt. Louis Nov. 14
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwern.
; From New York Every 'Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland ......;. Oct. 3 Kensington ....Oct 24
Southwark Oct. 10 Noordlandi .....Oct. 31
Westernland ....Oct. IT Southwark ....Nov. 14
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
20 Montgomery. Street.
"ocean travel.
steamers will leave wharf. cor-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Mioso). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. r Xo cargo received on board on day
of sailing:.
SS. NIPPON MATUJ........
Saturday. September 22. l!W0
SS. -AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday, Oct. 17. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU....Tucs., Nov. 13, 19<)0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
4a Market street, corner of First.
.W. H. AVERT, General Agant
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
¦OUTUKBH I'Alill'H! COJIPAJIT.
(PACiriO StSTKX.)
Trains lei»»r nml Mr* «in* to nrrli* •»
MAN ritA.M'l^ro.
(Vain Line. Foot of Market Street)
tiATi — Frou BEniutm 13. 1300. — akxitb
•T:OOa B-nlcli, 'aulsun, Elm!ra. Vacatille,
Ramsey tod Sacramento *7il3»
*7iOOa Shasta Express— D»»ts. Willi»m» (fcr
BarUett Sprioga). Willows. Bad
Bluff, Portland. *Tt4Sp
*7iS9a Martinez, fi-iu Kiiiion.Vallrjo. Nap%
Callitcg* aud 8»nt» Rom *0i19f
«S:O0a D»tU. Woodland. RnljhU Landlac.
kUriBTille. OTO«lile.. *7>43f
•»:OO« AtUutia K x press— Ogd en »od East a ia<4S»
•Stvo^ Niles. Trier. L»Uirop, Stockton •VfriS*
¦•t.tttA 8»u Joie. l.iierniure, Stockton.
lone, fiacratnento. Plkeenllle,
M *r> «»ii le. Chico. Ked Uluff «4i I Sp
•»:3tl* Oakdalr. Chinese, ctonora. Cmit«rs... MtISp
•U-.UO* H»i««ui. Ni; c » nn.l Way Stations. *1 1« 13*
*0;O0A Lcs Angelf s Express — Hartiuez,
Tracy, Lattirop. Htoekton, Merc? J
Frnuo and Los Argeles *7il<1p
•fl::io» Vall-J-i. Martiuea auu Way Stations *ail3p
MO:ooa Tn»O»erUri.l Limited— Ogdeo. Den-
Ter. Uuiaba. Chlcksa *«>«3P
•I 1:0Oa NUrs, 8tocktOD, Haeramento, Men-
dota, Frrsao, Uauford, Vlialla,
l'«>rt<T»i;ie.... .'... MiI3»
*11iOOa LiTermore. Banger. Goehsn Jano-
tinn. Bakenfieid, Los Angelas.....
•I a:O«M Ilajwards, Miles »uil Way atatioos. *S>43v
tl:»Op ifooraraeiito Klter 3te«mvni fSiOOA
•:ii»Or H»jwtrd«, Nils and Way Station*. •»: IS?
MUMtr Murtlnei. Han lUiuon. Vallejo.
N:i|*». (.'alUioun. Santa Itosa •»»!'»»
••¦»«r Il-mti*. Winters. Haeramonto.
VVmnilainl, KnUlita l.«mlliu.
M*rysT(il», Orotillo *IO: I1»
*l::i!»p NI!f,, Hmt .Ir,««»u.l Stiickton *7ll3P
*.1:O«pT1io Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
ItjkrrsUnM. .saugiis (or santa U»t-
bara. U« Ailgeles. •H»:l.1»
•SiOOp Stockton *Wi43a
*3iO(»p New Uclraar Eipreu-llakerillalil.
• .SauU I! ,iri!«i«. l..,p, AngMes, D«-m-
ittx. El Faso. Ne* Orlaaus autl
Kaat *T.«!1*
•rt:AAp Haywards, Mies and .Sau Jom •7il»»
<«:O»r Vatlejo *I2:I3p
M»:O«r Oriental Mail— OjJen. Chejenn«.
Omaha, C'biogo *lS:13p
•fl:OOp Oriental Jtaii - OgUen, Denver,
Omaha, Chicago. MilSp
•7:00? JfUes, Tracy, Lsthrop. Stockton.... # l»:13p
•7«O«r Oreisim and CalUnriili* Kxj.r B iw.Hao.
nuMntn. Mar^iivilla. Uo.Mlng.
|-..itl.,,.l. r,,,j.t M,,,,,,,I »,„< Kut •»:« ¦¦».»
tSia.lp Tallejii, r»rt ii.ili and Way Hta-
tioim |11:MO»
<()AS1 KIVInIoN (Narrow «;,u U «).
(Kw.t«l Al.rkv.-t Street. >
J7 :13a Banta trai Eiciinion lor Hania
Cruz and Frindpal Way SUtions |S»03p
••:I»A Nenarlt.tViiterfllKSatj.Jojip, Krltnn,
itoiiMerC'rrek.Santa Cm* and Way
stiiti.ii.i *«>3»r
t3il.tr Newark, Cent.«TTiIlt>. bmn Joue>, NV*
Alma.len, f ultoi:. li.mlder Creeir,
8»»U Cmx au<l rrlnci;>»l W«»
Station* •¦«:3»%
j *4:l.tp Newark. San .Iim«. IxisGaios t •><**«
! < **'l3pGlfnw«xKl. Fflton. Hanta Cms C 1:3»«
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
' rniasu rmscistu— r««t tj utrint sirnt-.s:usi —
?7:15 9.00 11:00*. «. 11:83 *2:33 t3;C3
M:C3 13:33 •t-.ZZe.*.
frimOtlLtSO— r«l •' Bra»j»»T.— "« : 00 8:00 19.0(1* M.
tH:03 '1:33 t2:C3 *3:C3 t«::3 -lOSr.M.
COAST DIVISION ti:rna>l IUiiciv.
Crhlr.l :.i'ii To\TiiBdi.| Stu.)
IAiIOa Ocean View. South n«n Kr»nci-cu.. t*>Uttp
t7:OttAH»n Jnas a.,.l Way Suti-i.n (Nenr
Almadmt \V,-Jr, «-.!,, ,,„,!>¦> *I:3I»P
}7:U0a 8anday Excursion f >r San Joss,
8anta> Cniz. PaeiSo Grova and
Principal Way Stations...- )SiS3p
•S:OOa Han ,l..fr. Trrs I'inos, Hantft Crux,
Taritic (irote. Pa«« It. .bio. Nan
l.ni, ol.isp... Surf. Lomnoc and
Prliicti>al War Xtntlmis »4«l«p
•lOtiO* Ban Juse ami Way stations *«t:i3*
•Ui:n»» HanJnsn,Lc«nato»iMilWa|.SUtloiis *SiS»p
t'-ti-ISpBan M»t>>. l'.3<lw»o<l. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, M«n .I.m-.
Tres Plnos. .Santa Crux, Salinas.
Monterey and Tacifto Grore flOsSS*
fa:inp San Joiaaud Way Statlims *7:S»p
HjI3p San Joieaiid Principal WaySUttoDt *0:13a
. t3iOOp San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations ?«:«'»»
*3:30p San Joi9 ami Principal Way Station* fflsSSA
•«ii:tor San Jose ami WayStatlont .,. •<:«»»»
Hl:43p 3ui Jose aiul Way Stutlona *7iS0p
A for Morning. P f or A f ternoon.
•D»!Iy. t Sm:<1ay eir-pt»d. J Sunday osly.
ft Saturday only.
• Saturday and dooday, ajlosday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERS ET. CO.
LESSEE
iSAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlturon Ferry, Foot of Market St
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAJ\AEI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:S0. t:00. H.0O a. m.; 13:S3.
3:30. 5:10, 8:C3 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa a.t 1:&>
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:tO. 9:30. U:00 a. m.1 1.-30. tM.
t:00..8:20 D. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FHANCI3CO.
"WEEK DATS— 6:10. T:EO. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 11:49,
1:49. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:58 and f:35 o. m.
BUNDATS— 8:10. SAO. U:I0 a. m. ; 1:40. *:M.
(:CS. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Echuetzea Park
¦atn« schedule as abovs.
Leaye I In Effect. I Arrtv*
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 13. 1900.1 San Fraad^cow
Week I Sun- I I Sun- j TVeaJc
Days. I days. [ Destination.] daya. ] Daya.
7:30 am 9:00 am Novato. 10:40 am! S:40 am
1:20 pm 1:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm[10:23 am
6:10 pm t:00 pm Banta Rosa. 7:35 pm; 8:t0 pta
Pulton. !
T:SO am Windsor. 110:23 ana
Healdsbur;. {
Lytton. I
GeyserTille.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 ptn 6:38 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland 1 [10:25 am
1:30 pm] 1:00 am: and Uklah. I 7:35 pm! <:20 pm
"t:SO am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernavllle. 7:35 pm
t:30 jim ¦ (:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am! Eonoma 3:15 am 1:40 aa
j and
. E:13 pm 8:00 pmf Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:29 pm
7:30 anil 8:00 am! 110:40 atn'10:2S am
1:30 pm! 5:C0 pra| Sebastopol. I 7:33 pm. 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Roaa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at I^ytton for Lytton Fprlngs: at
Geyserville for Pkatfgs Srrlnss: at Cloverflala
for the ileysers; at Hopland for Dunean
Spring. Highland Pprlmrs. Kelseyvlllo, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Uakeport and Bartlett
Fprintrs; at Ukiah for Vichy Sprtnssj Pant'ni
; Eprlnjrs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell I,a'<<», "Witter
Sprlnss, fpper Lake, Porao, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, IJTley's. Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Helshts. nullvtll-. Git's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg:. W*st-
port. fsal. Wlllits. Laytonvine. Cummins.
Bell's Sprinrs, Harris, Olaen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundny rn«nd tr«p tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. SoO Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITIN'G. R. X. RYAN.
' General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
> % .. Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing; April 22. 1300. -*^S*.
FROM BAN FRAXCISCO TO MILX. VAL>LET
- AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. »S:30. 9:30. U:C0 a. m.j
12:45. «1:45. 3:15, 4:15. *S:li. 6:15. «:40 p. m,
EXTRA. TRIPS— For Mill Valley and S&a
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAY5-7:C0. »S:00. •9:00. n0:0O. 11:00, lt:»
a. m. : 12:4a. *l:30. 2:30. *3:4S. 5:CU, *:00. 7:M
p. m.
ll:0O a. m. does not ran to ban Rafael Boa*
days.
Trains marksd (•} ma to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO*
¦WEEK DAYS— B:33. *«:3O, 7:50. 8:40. »1O:15 a.
m.: 13:30. 1:13. 2:15. »a:30. 4:30. B:SO i>. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturday* at *S:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:13, *S:00. •3:50, «U:00 a. m.; •1J:00
m.: 1:00. 2:15 »3:3O. 4:30. 'S^S. 6:45. 7:30. 10:28
p. m.
Trains rnarkrd {•> start from San Quentln.
FROSI MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS-»:S3. «:«. 8:00. 8:55. 10:30 a,
ia.: i::35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:S0. 5:J0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:06. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.; 12:15,
1:20, 2:30. l:«, 4:25, M5, 7:06. 10:30 p. m,
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:C0 a. m, week days— Caiadero and way sta-
tlor.e.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tion?.
s:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadsro and war tta-
tlon«.
¦ 12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Ray e» and way sim
tlocs.
t
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Lear* Mark ;t-stre«t Ftrry D«9Ot.
Lre. 8an Francisco. 1:00 * m 4:19 p m 1:00 p a
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:03 p m
" Merced IMS 9 m 1:18 a m
" Fresno ........ 4:20 p m 1:06 a nt
" Visalla 1:00 pm 4:Wara
" Tulan* 1:22 pm 5:10 am
" Hanford 5:33 pm 7:M a m
" Bakerstteld ... S:50 p m 7:30 a. m
•* Denver 10:00 am - — — —
" Kansas City... 3:13 p m
" Chicago 7:40 a m
li.ni. train Is the Overland Express. Cocio-
spondins train arrives at « p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Locnt. CorracposMtna}
train arrtvea 11:03 a. in. daily.'.
t:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakersfleld T_ijm«i.
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Corrwpoadl-
Vbk train arrives at S a. m. dally.
OFFICER— «41 Market st, and In Ferrr Tlwt,
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•^ Steamers leave Broadway
*fck wharf, San Francisco:
iCSts**^ f or Alaskan Ports— 11 a,nj.,
I^Sa^. Pept»mber 23. 28, Oct. 3.
I^&'wi»?3a^^ ChanKe to company's steam-
|J*V^^CTk9 " r!I at poa ttle.
EtJ^-^2^ 3Hj For Victoria. Vancouver
fiajDws^Si (B. C). Port Town«end. Pe-
llf^^MB^MJ attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New 'Whateom
(Wash.), 11 a- m., September
23. 28, Oct. S and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. R'y: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay — 1 p. m.. Septem-
ber 25, 25, 30, Oct. 5, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, Ean Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). GavJota.
Kanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 3
a. m., September 20, 24, 2S, Oct. 2, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Banta Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. September 22, 26, 30, Oct. 4 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalen* Bay, San Josa del
Caho. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. .
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th« right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0; R. & N. RO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A.' M.
ripe $12 First Class including Berth
IHltC $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.... Sept. 20, 30
COLUMBIA Bails Sept. 23/ Oct. 5
Short line to Walla Walla. ?pokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Affent,
«30 Market «t.
GOODALL, PEUKIXS * CO..
Superintendents. '
S0MPAGN1E GENERALS TBANSATLANT1QUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. mj*^
Palllr.K every ThurF.iay. instead of <^f£"Trt
Saturday, from November S. 1?». at -»'**T«a»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 27;
LA TOURAINE, Oct. 4; L'AQUITAINE, Oct.
11: LA LORRAINE. Oct. IS. Firat-class to
Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to Havre.
$42 50 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
"UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, S Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
— j
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOLULU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia. Wed.. Oct. 3. 8 p. m.
S. 3. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, Oct. 17, 2 p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamsr "Monticclto.**
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 1:45
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. - Landlnsr and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50o
RAILROAD TBAVEr*
MOUNT TABIaIpAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry*
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 a. m
SUNDAYS. .8, 9. 10. 11 a, m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Far« San Francisco to Summit and return, $1 40
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN*'
TICKET OFFICES ..«21 MARKET ST..
SAUSAUTO FERRT.
y" "V Dr.jGibbqn's Dispensary,
M&&%£li 6i ? '\" tEA *«« * »*- KstaoHsbed
I tragCTKal dlaeasetrearlng on bodrand raina and
. *ufi&a&$m 5*ln Diwase*. The doanrcureswiPii
v!y^i&£tf!. 1 . tll<>rslal1 Try blm Uh.irge* ,ow
*•- vyawi*Sft1CJ * tir«*» s«namn t«»^ H . CXa! lor writ ft
' Or* •» • i'.wlBBOS, fivx 1«37, Sao *" raacUcta.
MTCSICAI, t ngTRCMESTS.
i"!>T ttl\-x beautiful upriBhtTpcodTs new;
\ flegar.t case. $:*''; also a nice practice piano
_ Ma Koom in. Flood building.
VIOLIN strinp?; never wet; best In the world-
n:akinjr and r.^airins; of oil kinds of musicai
.r.ftrutwnts. Carl <". Anderson. 417 Geary nt.
CESTT.KM»N I'avinir city will eacrlflce e'e-
gant upright grand piano. SU Golden Gate av.
I>E in tho Kwim: rent a new piano for S3 rx>r
month. PCOTT-crRTAZ CO., MO Hayes s[
1*A1j->* I > fit V.
Edfly, r.r. Polk: no si K n; hours. 1 to 8 Dm"
-i: l i n ii?>L l) Z_*r!FoL n i!?l?ii_Phone Polk lus. '
j.our* 1 to , ov... and Sunday by appointment.
PEItSOXAlU
i ke ircnaox river pb'^T
Maudes and pillow, mule ? 0 °S£
-^5 b ,f"^ y COI T!F c et!t< -2 n:fi «* upholstery; phor.e
"V ' -* ct orj-. SU and ICO Eleventh t=t. • flrst-
ruu. cleaning ar.d dy Clns . a2S OFarrell 7u,
near Powell. San Francisco.
Scientific Hcallnc.
£19 Golfien Gate are.
1 J:T5KHER eells El Rcraire, 6o7;
i. beautifies the lacf; Er^t quality hair rolls
- **¦*¦ *»"«¦»»»•»;» Btoclrton fcf.
l.T A'ctric Jigrhts la every rocm-Wlnchrster
slot:., u Th'.riS Et., rear Market: 700 rooma;
- ¦"• •-_'¦ ¦ Tl M< i>cr night; Jl £C> t.-> $« per week:
PW.WBd. btgm to ar.d from the ferry.
i-nDi:nnir? Qotatonlcs'Hilr.Toolc,'^ boli
' °*-"o Shampoo. Ec package.
i SI ITS to order on Ir.staJlment*; J15 upward:
r tl a week. .LEON LEMOS. HIT Market ft.,
. fr 5 tweCT Seventh and Eighth.
1 ¦ I -J- ;? — 300 penr.ancnt cures In Ean rranc'.sco,
¦¦no can b? seen: no operation: no pain- par-
went. Ad. Physician, Ijox I960. Call.
1 RIVATE drtertive work; rfs*onabl« rates: 10
roars' ryprr^r.ce. J. B. RAY, Zn Jesgie st.
I.r r>KriER, the popular hairdresser: up-to-
cate jat^st Jads In hair Etyle* £5o only.
El'lTfl to oriJer on easy payment!. Art Tallor-
ing co.. 16U Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by ut-inc Tal-
cotfs curling fluid; 2lc a bottle; druggists.
OM.fashIor.ea silver, brass, copper
"are: curios, all descriptions. E25 Dupont et.
¦AI-rrtKrvCMS Egyptiin Hecna restores pay
hair to its natural color; |1, at all druggists.
CAHT-OFF clothin?, o!d rold anfl silver bought;
str.d postal. COLEMA.VS. EOC Kearny »t.
CHEAPn?T and best In America— The Weekly
Cail, :6 rac*s. 6ent to any ad-Jress in the
T'n!t»<3 States or Canada one year for II.
P»I V S I CIAXS AXD SIRGEO.VS
tm. C. C^ "^Do7^ELL^<Xflce~and reslVrnce]
:*-ir-t Market st.. between glxth and Seventh.
JIKAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
J'CR PALE— Great bargain; new 8-rooai park
r^i>idene»; eubstantlal; handsome; cheap:
•ottt.s to eult purchsjser; owner on premises.
K2I Cla>ton rt., couth of Kalght; electrlo cars
.f .'.- the door.
A BAP.GAIN: cottape cf 4 rooms and bath;
hard finished; level lot; 7-foot planked base-
ment; 11050; t^0 down. 403 B&nk et., near
Cort!«.T5d ave.
hs.n»-COBXEB let, 100x120; ntw bulldins.
F'ocery ar.fi bar. etock and fixture*: on eni
cf car Mr.o: clearing- $300 mo. Bex 871S, Call.
"WANTED fcr cash customer, property bet.
Markrt, Putter ar.d Polk p's.; jaylrs; 7 per
<"er.t. VC. E. 3ARXAED, 1118 Brdwy.Oaklar.d.
K0C0— COTTAGE an! t flat house front'.r.g
trcet: "T:6xSC-; water front. Box 1S5C, Call.
kVIl DESK houses bullt;lowest prices :p'.ans ai:d
*<tin:£?e!> furnished. Camrbell. 1H7 Mission.
MISSION ccttape; 6 rooms acJ bath; lar^e lot;
t<rrr.s to eult >>uyer. Owner J13 Kearny st.
HLML ESTATE COIXTRV — For Sale
AVCTION SALE.
THE LOS MEDANOS RANCHO.
Property cf the L. L. ROBINSON ESTATE.
Comrr-Mns about £009 acres of rich farming
lana. l^cat«?d near Antloch, In Contr* Costa
Conaty. will be sold as a whole
AT AUCTION,
FATURDAT. SEPTEMBER 2. 1»W. at 12
o'clock noon.
At th« P.obinson home place, Los Mertano*
fsM-r.. r. f sr Antloch. This fine ranch has a
frontage of several miles on the San Joaquir.
r.!v*>r ar.d 1j traversed by both the Southern
Partfic and Santa Fe railroads. The stations
tf <~^rnwaH and Los Medanos are on the ranch.
At the earn* 1 time and will be sold the
town lot* beloRftng' to the eame estate, located
In Antiech and New Tork Land.'cs. In quanti-
ties to fjit purchasers.
lr.t»>ri<3irjr purchasers from Pan Francisco
Ehould t« ticket? to Lcs Meiiar.os.
Fcr furtbt rart!cular« k«h» cata'.oirues.
BO\'EE. TOT & PONNTAG, Auctioneers.
C24 Market St.. San Francisco.
/ r THATE p<?r«cnal knowledge— each of the
0 ranches en my BALE and BXCHAKOB
)'.rx. More than ell other ac^nts in this city.
N D. RICK ELS. the land apent. « Geary st.
CITT prrperty and farms exchanged or sold:
ll«« fre«. MARION GRIFFIN, T13 Market
rt . Tr^m I.
« ! > Vi — ~W acr*«; ran«-h; slightly lmprox-e-1: *
'-:>« eapt frcm Reddinir. Call l«"0 Noe st.
FOB m)*— About S acr*« cf land, near Colma,
a *!a*eo Omnty. 445 Velerjcla «t.
A MTj for 5 rents — The Weekly Call,
¦r ¦ apoy j n wr3 pp >>1 . fryr ynatiiny. tl per year.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS^
. ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
In Jirproved ar.d unimproved Ala-
r-.»<da real «rtar<» 1n all parts of Alajneda on
<-?«>¦ terras. Alameda Ijand Company, 1500
T'arV: «'.. .VttiMii; SO Tost ft,. Par Francisco.
BERKEI.En"i)i'ERTISEMEXTS
BEBKELEV REAL ESTATE.
|:r ¦¦¦¦ HOT-fK «* 4 roorr!". rood bam and nut-
J Miaee; Jare» k*. with pood orchard, y'.eldlnfr i
J."xi fff yzr fru!t; this p'.are i? on"«> Work j
from station: ¦ npry r«re chance for some!
. :,». 7?.\.y iifrVf'.rv train, pot off at Lorln '
end efk for BITDOLPU. PKRKX2CS & LTON i
j
linOO-t-nxm h^vt*. one Mock from Tel»~ I
f-jj h «v» : e'>r,6 boose, tank, tower, well I
pump, gard«^j end larg* l^t; f»ne»rl: tmr to ¦
t-.'.f. Lor)-! Ftati^n. Berkeley. RCD<"'LP1I •
PERKINS & LTON.
zmz . I
|::.v--NETV" S-roota house, with c!l modem in- !
t r trcasenta : comer lot frontlnf Telegraph '¦
r-.f.: cr.Iy 10 mlr.ut^s of university rrouiifis
Apply to MASON * MrLKNATHEN. adioin-
:-k P. <~> . Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT^
0FFICE-4H8 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RHAL ESTATK.
[j<00— TO boild now would cost J4000.
X«-w Colontr.1 house, T rooms, etc.; w'.th cvery
np-t'^-date convenience; artistic and c!ct;«nt;
t-rri>r'«-<5 lawn: cement eopljsgz ornamental
ttmtblbacTi fwell nPlshnorhood; «unny; 3 blo«?ks
(a l'x;ni Rtktloa and near business center; terms
t iff ni; owitt inuyt ceil; call early.
J. .<-. Min'EU. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
ITTOC— SOUO 2 years a«o for S44WL
Lions*, f rooms, bath, etc.; o;><2n plumbing;
i;iti.(- Ljiia: lot iCilij; street work complete;
/.I Deichborbaodj 3 blddca to schools and <ars;
near !&< a! train «nd business center; on!y J300
ii>!>, balance bank mortneire; seeing is l>e-
Jievirfr. »-r» rail »»arly V.ef,.re It is sold.
J. S. MEYERS, IOC: Broadway, Oakland.
COMFOSTARLE HOME
AT A SACRIFICE
COST EJSO-PRICE S2S0.
T wo-st orj% 9 rooms, bath, brtck foundation, j
»av-»-lndo»s Bud high Imement, with 2 extra i
Snished roijms; two patent cieaeta and wash I
yays; plenty of closets, all large; Etreet work
and Bton* v.alks comiilete; electric cars right
Ti front: hanfiy to school, churches and local
nation; in choice location; title perfect and a
'nil I ill sale; t»111 carrj' £2000 Insurance; now
•»-!;?. «?d; easy payments or a liberal discount for
i;>ot cash; to sec is to buy; a rare chance; 5n-
rcstistte at once.
<JEO. W. AUSTIN A CO..
Kxcluslv* Affcno..
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
PUItXISHBO or unfurnished house of 8 lari?e
rcorr.s and lath: sanitary plumbing; lot 50x
V-'.: r.-rfrsl Uj.-atjrn. Apnly G.13 :?th St.. Oakld.
OAKLAXiJ HOUSES TO LET\ •
.*''!> houf*«. Get list tronj CEO~Vl' : r~AUB^
. .N & CO.. 3W;S Broadway. Oakland.
JAKXAXD rUIT\ITURR~FOR SALE.
(N Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAPP. £0—3 large sunny unfurnished rooms to
a quiet family without children. .- .¦¦¦*<'. --¦;¦
CLAY. 2121, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
_rooins; upper flat; yard; water; rear; rent V.
CUUBEPXAND. ES— Warm belt of Mission: 3
housekfeping rooms, with cook stove, bath,
gas ami washtubs: water free; reasonable.
KDDY. 91S (old number)— 3 or 4. unfurnished
rooms; fine location; private residence.
ELLIS. 621. near Larkin — Newly furnished eun-
ny front room for housekeeping-; $10.
ELLIS. 7?:— Nicely Turnibhed room; closet, pas
I _grate. bath; light housekeeping it desired.
j GOLDEX GATE, C22 — 3 sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; ga.s stove, running water.
HYDE, UQ— Sur.ny front and back parlor, with
kitchen; also alcove suite, $20.
j LARKIX, £04— Large sunny back room, neatly
j furnished for light housekeeping,' $7 60.
j MAP.KET. :4S2— J3; 2 eunny housekeeping
j rooms; private family; adults only.
MAH.ICET, 1«jS, opposite Tenth — Large comfort-
able kitchen and bedroom, no children, J7.
MINNA, 222 — 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms, com-
plete: also double and single; rent moderate.
MIN'XA, 54S — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; larsre yard. .-,--,
MISEIOX, D4S— One room and kitchen, complete
fcr housekeeping. -i "
j OAK. US— Large eunny basement room; yard.
j range; furnished for hskping-; $6; upper, J7.
| XOE. 15C— 4 sunny connecting rooms; gas
p rune?, grate, bath; lower flat; $14.
j O'FAHTfELL.. 742—2 to 4 nicely furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping; Z connecting, |16;
! also single, $8.
POLK, 522— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
also sinplc rooms; rent cheap.
i FOLK, IK?*— I~".rge unfurnished back parlor,
closet and running water; $5.
i POWELL. I'll — 2 or 3 large sunny rooms, con-
I nected. for housekeeping; sink, gas and bath.
j THIRTEENTH, 319, nr. Valencia— Sunny fur-
nlshfd housekeeping room; stove and water;
separate entrance.
I VAN NESS »ve.. S15 — Parlor suite and kitchen;
| bath: run nil day; yard, etc.
j CLASPIFir.D advertisements and subscriptions !
received nt Call branch office, 2200 Fillniore st. :
¦ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103$ Va~
! leocla st. ¦¦ : ' ¦¦ ¦«¦
ROOMS TO LIST Knrn. anil (nfnrn.
I A^R^N^WIC^^^i^r^iS^Uth^R^o^"^
j to Jl per night; tl 25 to !5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
j A Cl'IET and respectable home for light house-
keeping; suites $15 up; bath; telephorr. fit.
I .Twines, McAllister and Lacuna sts.
i BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1S84>— Fur-
| niyhoU rms., ruites. single; alfo unfurnished, i
• Bl"SH. S34, near Kearny— Nice furnished rooms,
j J5 Df r month and up.
, BUSH. £20 <The Elk)— Changed hands, newly !
i renovated, nicely furn. funny rma., fl B0 to $7 ;
wepk; 2Jic to tl CO night. 'MRS. P. RAN FT.
BRYANT. 16CS, near Fifteenth— 4 large sunny
rooms, with ets.ble, $12; without. $10; water i
I free; • ¦ . . -'. ..
I CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-Eleetntly
| furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
j GEARY. ES6 — Elegant sunny front parlor, piano,
i light hkpg.; suites; other pleas, rms.; phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, eoutheast corner Seventh
and Mlffinn Fts.— Sunny rooms, en suits or
eingle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
| HOWARD. SZ9— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
! Z5c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
! LARKIN*. 7CT— Private family; newly furnished
' double parlors; eunny; bay window; $18;
I adults only.
i LAP PALMAS. 1K0 Market et.— Suite of : or 3
rms.: private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
MISSION. 1514, near Eleventh— Sanny front
I single room; private fynily; $5 per month.
j OAK, 204— Neatly furnished front room to let: j
I f»iit!»rr.xn preferred: reference.
O'FARRELL. 10 — Sunny furnishod rooms and
efficp?: elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
i RO Si: DALE House, S13 and 221 Ellis St.— Rooms,' |
| 2.'c to Jl. week $1 25 to $4; open night. |
! ROYAL HOUSE. 128 Ellis tt.— Incandescent \
| l'.ght: reading room, smoking room and ladles' I
parlor; rociriF, per r.ight. 33c to J1E0; week, JJ !
tn SS; month. JS to ten. elevator on office I
| ffnor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths, j
! SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
r?ar Ma rkPt— Furnished or unfurnished.
; SIXTH. T42— Nice funr.y rooms, en suite or eln-
Rl»; rent r^a^onabie.
i SIXTH. 135— Furnished eunny rooms; single or
I suites; a!.«o rcotr.s for light housekepping.
• TAYLOR. 518— Elegant tunny suite, Fuitable
j for 2 (tpntlpmpn: rent reasonable: also Mns!e.
| TURK. £43— Single ro^m for gentleman, wtth
! bath: $4 T-0 rer month.
' WASHINGTON, 1000— Women's roomlnr houpe;
j pur.ny furr.. rooms to M at reasonable rates.
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22flO Flllmore st.
: A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i Fubfcriptlcn* has been established at 10SI
j Valencia, st.
! ROOMS AXD BOAna
j GUERRERO. 114— Newly n!ceiy~furtu runny
rooms, with board; very desirable; reasonable.
! BOAIiD and rooms at 415 Flmt Bt.. near Har-
| r!«on.
SPECI.\L_JVOTICES.
t ODD FELLOWS' Cemetery Aesoclatton— The
j annual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on Monday.
| September 24. 1300, at 2 p. m.. at the office
of th» association. Point Lobos ave., for th«
«>!»-~tlon of trustees, etc. By order of the
Board of Trustees.
GEORGE T. BOHEN, Pres.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sac.
ROOMS papered from J2 5": irhltened. II up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montpom^ry St., rooms 9-19; tel. 5SS0.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 rapes, sent to any nSdr*?* in the
United States or Canada one year for il,
rofspe paH.
fsnWIAO MACHISES ANO SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, told, r*>nt?i1. exchanged: re-
pairing Jowst rates: open even. 205 4th et
pot'CJITT. sold, rented, repaired; need!** and !
shuttles; rPdur»d ratM. H.i 6th; phone Mint 45. |
ALL kinds bought, eold and repairing guaran- I
tefi. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. l'.lh. j
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and movinir; covered
vans. Tonth and Market: phone Bouth 762.
PAHFIC Sinrasre and Furnltur* Moving Com-
pany. 23;o Fjllmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
TO LEASE.
TO W— Fine rooms suitable for light manufac-
tiirivisr purposes". Apply at 611 Sansome Bt. •
TYPEWRITERS AXU SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS rN TYFETVVRTTERS-^We
s»"!l bettpr machines for less money than any
bouse in the city: rentals. 13. The Typewriter
_K\i-lmnB», I2d California; telephone Main 2C6.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Writ* for tiric:» to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery rt.
KSW typewriters. tZ down, $S month payments.
UHVALK. 4"9 '.'a-llfomla. rt.
A SSKS SM KvF~ NOTICES. i
ASSESSMENT notice— Honolulu Plantation
Company, location of principal place of busl-
n«««, San Francisco, Callfnrnla. Notice is
hereby jnv«-n that at a meeting of the board
of director*, hcUl on the 224 day of August,
l'«<0. an assessment No. 1 of one (fl) dollar
I i>t shnro n «s levied ujion the capital stftck
r-i U\c- corporation, payable Immediately in
J.mt*-<1 Htnt.*? cold coin to the secretary at
the offli-s of the company. No. 227 Market at.
£en Francisco, California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the ltith day of October
1W0. will b<> rlellnciufnt. and advertised for
pale at public auction, and unless payment
Is made before will be sold on Thursday, the
Irt day of November. 19M), to pay the delin-
quent assessment, together with the costs of
advertising snd expenses of sale.
E. II. SHELDON.
Fpcretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
Office located at No. 227 Market St., San
Francisco, California.
ASSESSMENT notice— Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany. locaf.cn of principal place of business.
Pan Francisco, California. Notice is hereby
riven that at a mretir.* of the board of direc-
tors, held on the 22d day of August, 1900 an
assessment No. S of nine (19) dollars per
ehare was levied upon the capital etock cf
the corporation. payable immediately- In
l.'nlt»d States gold coin to the secretary at
the office of the company, Xo. 327 Market st
Ban Francisco. California. '
Any etock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the Sth day of October
1800, will be delinquent, and advertised for
eate at public auction, and unless payment 2$
made before will be sold on THURSDAY,
the Kth day of October, 19#». to pay the de-
linquent a^spflstnent. tocether with the costs
of advertising- and expenses of sale.
E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of Honolulu Sugar Company.
Office located et No. 327 Market *t., San
Francisco, California.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the firm doing
business under the name of the Sheridan-
Bear Tea. Company, doing business at 171
Fourth Bt., have dissolved partnership, Au-
pust 20, 1900, and will now be conducted un-
der the name of Bear & Lonigan.
M. P. SHERIDAN.
ALFRED BEAR.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 109 (fifty
cents per chare) of the Oceanic. Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. S27 Market St.. on and after Mon-
day, October 1. 1300. Transfer books close
en Tuesday. September 25. 1D00. at 3 o'clock
P- *". E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Di\'ldend No. 13 (twenty-
nve cents per rhare) of the Kilauea Supar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, S27 Market 6t., on
and after Thursday. September 20, 1900.
Transfer books closed Tuesday, September
IS. 1S0O. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Albert Anderson, 2S, city, and Augusta N.
Peterson, 22, city.
William J. Cleary, 29, city, and,May F. E&an,
24, city.
Nicholas G. Green. 22. 1122 Market street, and
Emily L. Mcl^aren, 20, Sacramento.
' Harry B. Van Gosllga, 2R. 625 Guerrero street,
and Anna M. Kergan, 26, 32S Hyde street.
James W. Doty. 29, Pleyto, Monterey County,
and Julia A. Ward, 23. Pleyto. Monterey Co.
Louie Hugh, 24. Portland. Or., and Grace
Wco. ;o. S20 Sacramento street.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
ma.il will not be inserted. They must be handed
; in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
EOJRrJ. .
BENSON— In this city, September 1, 1500. to the
wife of E. A. Benson, a daughter.
BLANCK— In this city. September 16. 1900, to
the wife cf W. A. Blanck, a daughter.
KIRK— In this city, September 20, 1900, to the
wife of Earnest E. Kirk, a son. ,
MARRIEio!
FENTRESS— CRANDALL— In Alameda, Sep-
tember 19, 1900, by the Rev. Dr. F. 8. Brush.
Leslie H. Fentress and Edith S. Crandall.
NELSON— NELSON— In this city. September 19,
1900, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nclander. Charjes
Nelson and Selma Nelson, both of San Fran-
cisco.
ItOWB— ABBE— In this city. September 20. 1900,
by the Rev. H. T. Shepard, pastor of Olivet
Cnnpregatlonal Church. Samuel Rowe of San
Francisco and Emma H. Abb© of St. Joseph,
Mich.
DIED.
Bpnnewltz. Olivia C. Kratz. John
Bering, John H. Lapidge. Cart. Wll-
! Drown. EMza W. liam F.
Castlen. George G. Law. Josh G.
Clement, Mrs. Louisa McCann, Mary
Culligan, Rosa'L. Marks. John' F. .
Dolaneld. Edward W. Martin. Robert
Einselen. Juanlta Moennlnr. Llna
Oerardl, Jesephlne Morris. Thomas
Gllddon. Grace O'Connor. Thomas
Hall, Marearet C. Oliver. William H.
Hammerschlag Annie Pheehan. Edwartl F.
Hillard. Kathryn? H. Pterett. Frank A.
Hines. Edward XV. Thieme. Arthur
Holt. Charl<»s E. Twomey, Mary
BENNEWITZ— In this city, September 19. 1900,
Olivia C, dearly beloved daughter of Charles
and Marie B^nnewltz, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 25 days.
CFrlenfia and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 940 Ninth avenue, near H street.
South San Francisco. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
BERING— In Skaguay. Alaska, August 15, 19W,
Jnhn Henry, beloved son of John P. an<<
Caroline Bering, a native of California, aged
2« years.
' BROWN— In this city, September 19, 1900, Eliz*
W. Brown, grandmother of J< slab B.. Flor-
ence A. and "."harlps A. Doyen and Andrew
Hallidie Brown, and aunt of Mrs. A. S. Hal-
lidie. aged 75 yearn and 9 months.
K7 Services this day (Friday), at 8
j o'clock, at 1032 Washington street. Interment
i private.
1 CAPTLEN— In Oakland. Cal.. September 20,
I 13<X), Georpe Gift, son of Edward B. and Har-
j rlet Gift Castlen, aged 1 year 6 months and 23
I days.
CLEMENT— In Oakland. September 2^, J900.
Mr*. Louisa Clement, beloved mother of Mrs.
Robert Yates ar.d George Clement, a native
of Germany, nged 61 years.
tTTTrlenrl? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
' to-mnrrr>w (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at the
r.»?ld<»nc<» of Mr. Robert Yates. 1043 Poplar
| f>tr«*et. Oaklnnd. Cremation at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery, Pan Francisco.
CV1J.1GAX— In -this city, September 19, 1S00.
Rt'fa I', beloved daughter of Mr. snd Mrs.
M. CulMgan, a native of Illinois, aged 21
years.
DEL A FIELD— In Ea?t Oakland. September 20.
1900, Edward Webster, beloved husband of
I Bertha M. T>lnflpld. a native of Pan Fran-
! Cisco, air^ 32 years 1 month aud 13 days.
i E3NBELEN— In this city, September 1!>, 1900,
j Junnita. youngest and beloved daughter of
j Charlrs and May Elnf»>len. and sinter of Helen
Einselen. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 19 days.
GERARDI— In this city. September 20. l«00.
Jospj-ihin<>. dearly beloved daughter of Mr.
Gabriel Gerardl and the late Mrs. Martha
Gerardl. and sister of Rosle. Alice and Ca-
milla Gerardl. a native of San Francisco,
aired !3 years.
GLTDPON— In this city, September 20, 190",
Grace, beloved dauzhter of James XV. and
Margaret Gliddnn. and sister of Gorden M.,
Percy N.. Stanley McFee, Hazel and Ruth
Ollddon, a native of Liverpool. England, aged
IS years 5 months and 22 days.
HALL— In thlc city, September 19, 1900, Mar-
garet C. relict of the late Sullivan R. Hall, a
native of Peorla, 111.
JC^The funeral will take place this day
'Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral. Interment private.
HAMMERSCHLAG— In this city. September 19.
19CO, Annie, beloved wife of the late John
Hammer5<-hlaEr, mother of Julius. Andrew,
Thomas, Ixjttie. Edward and Julia Hanimer-
s'-hlac anti sif-ter of Thomas L. Feltner, a
native of New York, aged 48 years 4 months
and 25 daya. fXcw York papers please copy.)
. (CTFriends and acquaintances arp respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 62oC Minna strf-et, between Seventh
and Eighth, thence to Rt. Joseph's Church,
Tenth street, between Howard and FoIfoto.
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HILLARD— In this rlty, September 21, 1900.
Kathryne Hampton, beloved wife of John F.
Hiilard. and beloved mother of Ramnna,
Francis and Ruth Hillard, a native of Vir-
ginia, aged 21 years 1 month and 23 days. . ,
HINES— In East Oakland. September 20, 1300.
Edward W.. brloved son of Thomas nnd the
late Maircrle Hinep. brother of Rose.. Thomas.
Florence and John Hines. and nephewNof Mrs.
Mary Roach, a native of California, aged 17
years 11 months and 10 days.
HOLT— In Alameda, September 19, 1900, Charles
E. Holt, beloved husband of Helen A. Holt,
father t>T Phyllis and Jack Holt, son of Har-
riet ard the late Robert Holt, and brother of
Louis and Maybelle Holt, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 34 years 9 months and 3 days.
(Ixjs Angeles and Cincinnati papers please
copy.) '
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence, 152S Sherman street. Interment pri-
vate. Mountain View Cemetery.
KRATZ— In this city. September 13, 1900, John
Kratz. a native of Germany, aged 70 years.
(H7The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street. Inter- j
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-
LAPIDGE— In this city. September 18, 1900,
Captain William Fredrick, beloved husband
of Mary A. lapidge, and late" commander of
Pacific Mall Steamship Company, a native of
Encland, aged 78 years 1 month and 6 days.
ITTFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(P&turday). at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany 2423 Mission street, near Twcnty-flrst.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAW— At Cinnabar mine?, Integral, Trinity
County, Cal.. September 20. 1900. Joch Green
L-iw. beloved husband of Ella F. Lnw, a na-
tive of "WiJkesborough, N. C, aged 57 years 4
months and 5 days.
MtCANN— In. this city. September 19, 1900.
Mary, wife of John McCann, and ulster of
Julia Driscoll. a native of London, England,
aced 43 years.
lETFriendB and acquaintances ars respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from tha Darlors of
J. C. O'Connor A Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to Bt. Rose's Church, where a requiem
high mass will - be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.' Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARKS — In Palomares\ Canyon. Alameda
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannasan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUXERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Teleshone South SO.
1 AlcAVOY &. CO.. I
¦ FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. i
3 1233 Market Bt.. between Sth and Sth. B
P . Telephone . South 247. \\
County, September 19, 1900, John F.. Marks,
aged 70 years and 8 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence. Interment San Lorenzo Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city, September 18, 1900, Rob'
ert Martin, beloved brother of William Mar-
tin of Petaluma, Cal., John Martin of lirtt-
ish Columbia. Thomas Martin of Fresno, Cal..
George Martin of Woodland, Cal., and Hugh
Martin of Berkeley, Cal., a native of Canada,
aged 59 years. A member of Woodland Lodge
No. 111. I. O. O. F.J and Woodland Encamp-
ment. I. O. O. F., of Woodland. Cal.
(tyKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thia day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, under the auspices
of the Board of Relief, I. O. O. F., of San
Francisco, from the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Twentieth and Guerrero streets at J
o'clock.
MOENNIN'O-In this city. September 19, 1900.
Llna Aloennlng, dearly beloved wife of Guen-
ther Moenning, and beloved mother of Emil.
George and Herman Moenning. a native of
Germany, aged 6S years 6 months and 15
days. A charter member of Walhalla Re-
bekah Lodee No. ISO, I. O. O. F. (Sheboygen,
WIs.. papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows' Hall,
corner Seventh and Market streets.
OFFICERS and members of WaJhalla Rebekah
Ledge No. 13i>, 1. O. O. F.. are requested to be
present at Odd Fellows' Hall, .this day (Prl-
i day), at 1 o'clock, to attend the funeral of
' our late sister. IAnn Moenning. By order of
JOSEPHINE DtCREW, N. G.
MORRIS— In this city, September 19, 1300.
Thomas Morris, a native of Morriston, South
Wales, need fia rears.
[T5"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
MrAvoy & Co., 1233 Market' street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In .San Rafael. Thomas O'Connor,
husband of Cassle O'Connor, father of Thomas
H. Jr. and William H. O'Connor, Mrs. Fannie
Hcfrelcke and Leonard, Stella. Carrie, Lizzie
Grace and Aileen O'Connor, and brother of
Edward O'Connor,' Mrs. Lizzie Lammerman.
Mrs. I.eonore Stevens, Mrs. James O'Connor,"
Mrs. Mary Nixon and William H. O'Connor.
n<?ed £2 years and 7 months. (Eastern papers
please copy.)
(CyRelatlves, friends and acquaintances are
respectfully invited i to attend the funeral
this day (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his
late residence. Fourth street, San Rafael,
thence to St. Raphael's Church. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
OLIVER— In this city, September 15, 1900, Wil-
liam II. Oliver, brother of Grac« M. M. Par-
FhaUe of San Francisco-, a native of New
York City. (New York, Victoria, B. C, and
St. John. N. B., papers please copy.)
C7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
| SHEEHAN— In Sioux City, Iowa. Edward F.
Sheehan, beloved husband of Catherine Shee-
han, father of Edward F. Sheehan, and
brother of Kate Sheehan, a native of the
parish of Ballygarvin, County Cork, Ireland,
a^rd 27 years.
CTNotice of funeral to-day.
STERETT— In Oakland. September 20, 1900.
Frank A. Sterett, beloved brother of W. I.
Sterett and Mrs. George H. Wheaton, aged
40 years end 9 months.
THIEME— In thia city, September 20. IMO, Ar-
thur Thieme, beloved father of Mrs. B. Som-
mervllle and Arthur M. Jr., Oscar, Eugene
and Herbert Thieme, a native of Germany,
eged 6S years and 9 days, A member of San
Francisco Stamm No. 246, U. O. R. M.
(t7 Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1'37 Mission street, between Seventh and
Elehth.
TWOMET— In this city, September 20, 1500,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Edward
Twomey, and mother of Mrs. Charles M.
Duffy, the late Mrs. H. M. Andrews and Mrs.
Agnes F. Ward, a native of Ireland, aged 76
years.ROW OVER ORGANIZATION.
"The next order of business," declared
Bergerot, "Is the reading of the report of
Edmund Tauszky moved that the re
mainder of the majority report be adopt
ed. Ruef moved as an amendment that
the names of delegates In the Twenty
ninth, Thirty-third, Forty-second and
Forty-third districts aa they appeared on
the temporary rollcall be substituted In
the report. Bergerot ruled the amend
ment out of order, on the ground that
Ruefs proposition had been disposed of
In the rejection of the minority report.
Ruef contended that the minority report
included much more — the unseating of
three other delegations — but Bergerot
again refused him a hearing and refused
to allow a free expression of opinion on
the majority report, hurrying It to a vote
The Kelly-Crimmins delegates and the
Kelly-Crimmins heelers that had crowd
ed up along the aisles voted aye with a
roar, and Bergerot declared the majority
report of the committee on credentials
adopted.
On the rollcall on Hathorn's motion,
Martin Kelly again stood up in his place
and grandiloquently announced the vote
of the glorious Twenty-eighth solidly
against the motion. The vote was taken
rapidly and without waiting for a count
by the secretary— the "secretary by pro
fession" — Bergerot decided the motion
lost.
Bergerot, decidedly nettled, said that he
would not allow one member to monopo
lize the time of the convention and began
refusing to recognize Ruef, his chief tor
mentor. He claimed that Hathorn's mo
tion was before the house. Tauszky said
that there was danger of the convention
getting into a snarl over a very plain mat
ter, and he proceeded to explain It, but got
himself tied up in such a snarl that the
convention roared with laughter. Then
some one moved the previous question on
Hathorn's motion to substitute the mi
nority for the majority report, and,
though there had been no debate at all
Bergerot refused to recognize Ruef and
others and put the previous question
amid a storm of hisses that stung him
into a rage.
Tauszky'a motion, of course, prevailed,
and Bergerot, by this time thoroughly
rattled, was anxious to entertain a "mo
tion as a substitute for the whole." Ruef
pinned him down again with a point of
order that the motion to table waa again
to be voted upon. Somebody nudged
Guilfoyle and he withdrew the trouble
some motion.
had been much confusion, had been put
Then he allowed the situation to be made
more absurd by entertaining a motion
made by "Phonograph" Guilfoyle that the
minority report— not Hathorn's motion
be tabled. The motion was carried, and
Ruef immediately had the chairman
guessing by raising the point of order that
such action tabled the whole question of
the reports on credentials. Bergerot
sparred for wind by claiming that Guil
foyle's motion waa to table Hathorn's
motion, but the dullest Kelly booster
knew that he was wrong, and Edmund
Tauszky cams to his rescue with a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the re
port had been tabled.
Continued on Page Nine.
Diligent and perf=I«tent efforts were
made by representative Republicans for
the privilege of speaking to questions con
cerr.irs the welfare of the party, but the
chairman paid no attention whatever to
their appeals. He put motions and de
clafi results to suit Bofs Ke31y. Atthe
cutft the chair refused to allow George
L. Center to Introduce a resolution. Dele
gates who sought to protest in a firm but
were in pviijence.
ThTe have been In can Frandsco many
examples of blind devotion to boss pro
grammes, but there never was a more
deplorable spectacle of subserviency to
boss dictation than was exhibited last
right by the chairman of the Republican
Martin Kelly occupied his original placo
on the floor of the convention and dub
announced the solid boss vote of his dis
trict delegation, but did not give his fol
lowers another elaborate oratorical treat.
There was no occasion, however, for. ral
lying the boss elements, as Bergerot, v/ho
could be aptly styled Martin Kelly Ber
gerot, took care of boss interests on th^
platform. As Bergerot was put in nom
ination by Kelly, was chosen temporary
chairman by Kellv, was continued- as per
manent chairman by Kelly and followed
the Kelly programme from start to finish
he is justly entitled to the appellation of
Martin Kelly Bergerot. He lacks Kelly's
ability, however, as an orator and pre
siding officer, as he Is easily rnuddle'd and
rattled. He was so rank and raw In hla
taken and entertain a motion to recon
sider.
Bergerot's decision having been sus
tained, the chairman, i without permitting
any debate, put the motion made by C.
W. Greene, that all delegates from dis
tricts where there . were ' no ]. contests be
declared seated. Ruef contended. that the
minority report must be ¦¦ acted upon first,
but- Bergerot decided that the majority
report must be passed upon first. . This
decision was so manifestly contrary, to
all usare-thar it was received with a
storm of hisses. The motion was put and
declared carried.
Bergerot then made the astounding
statement that Hathorn's. motion, which
he Interpreted I to be the I substitution • of
the minority report for the portion of. the
majority report not yet acted upon, waa
before the convention. This in face of the
fact, that Hathorn ' had • made his motion
before, Greene's motion, over which there
THAT MINORITY REPORT.
This minority also protests against the use
jof proxies In the convention as recommended
by the majority of this committee. The use of
proxies in municipal conventions is unusual
and has to our knowledge never heretofore been
countenanced in local conventions of the Re
publican party In San Francisco, and our con
stituents in electing us certainly contemplated
our personal attendance, and our duty to. the
Republican party demands that we should per
sonally fulfill our trust.
We therefore recommend- that no proxies be
allowed in this convention.
RALPH' L. HATHORN,
E. C. AMEDEB.
Hathorn moved that the minority report
be substituted for the majority report.
Ruef moved that the whole matter be
referred back to the committee with In
structions to report the temporary roll
call aa the true rollcall. Bergerot ruled
the motion out of order, and Ruef ap
pealed and demanded a rollcall.
Bergerot asked Secretary Mahoney to
call the roll. Dr. Morris, the other secre
tary, tried to call the roll, but Bergerot
declared that no one but Mahoney, the
"secretary by profession," Bhould call It.
George Boyne demanded fair play and
"Long John" Wllkins suppressed him.
Thomas K. Kase demanded to know
what roll was to be called.. Bergerot said
the temporary .roll would be followed.
The votes of the Twenty-eighth. District
were cast proudly by Martin Kelly in fa
vor of Bergerot's decision. "Phonograph"
Guilfoyle bobbed up and = objected to the
calling of the rollof the Twenty-ninth or
other districts where there were contests.
Bergerot ruled that the point was well
taken, and the Twenty-ninth was passed.
¦When the Thirty-first was- reached Ruef
demanded that It be passed also, as a con
test had been filed in that district by
him, as well as in the Thirty-seventh and
Forty-fifth District. , Berge rot ignored his
point, and amid great confusion the Thir
ty-first District was called.
Proceeding under Bergerot's arbitrary
ruling, the roll call ; was completed. 'and
Secretary Mahonev announced the vote
as 155 nyes to 52 noes. The Herrln-Kelly-
Crimmlns crowd had won decisively, and
the vote showed conclusively that with
Bergerot ready to trample under foot any
parliamentary usage that -threatened the
supremacy of his faction there could be
no hope of success for the Bouvler-Ruef
men. ...
To the Temporary Chairman and to the Re
publican Local. Judicial and Legislative Con
ventions — Gentlemen: The undersigned, a mi
nority of your committee on credentials, re
spectfully report that the delegates whoee
names are printed upon the accompanying tem
porary roll of the convention are, and each ot
them respectively Is. entitled to a seat In the
ctnventlun from their respective Assembly dis
tricts, except that in the Thirty-first Assembly
District we find that the following-named dele
gates should of right be seated in place of those
on said roll: T. P. Baunders, D. Brosnan. J.
J, Mlley, John Mullaney, T. J. S. Kuce, E.
Dinning. H. WolnnRer. L. A. Taylor, J. Martin,
L. Uerger, W. J. Mlskell.
In the Forty-fifth District the following;
should be selected in place of those on said
roll: George Klngsbury, Joseph Barbetta, Jo
seph Spohn. W. A. Richardson, W. R. Noonan,
R. H. Graham, James Duffy, Joseph Spiegel.
In the Thirty-seventh District the following
should be seated in place of those on said roll:
H. P. Umbsen, Edgar Drlggs, M. M. Stern, E.
L. Cook, John Tuttle, John C. Cullen, George
D. Clark, D. C. n. McCarthy, John J. Castlen,
Edward L- Christln, Charles Alpers, William
Clark. William J. Jones, W. H. Barrows. T.
L. Henderson. Carl U. Koster. Dr. J. W. Ham
ilton, w. J. Ramsay, Philip Rogers.
And the minority of your committee respect
fully recommends that said delegates as herein
r.amed be placed on the roll of said convention
and be declared the members thereof.
Hathorn got the floor to read a minority
report, as follows:
The chairman called for the report of
the committee on : credentials, and re
fused to entertain a resolution, which
George L. Center desired to present.
Chairman Green of the committee on cre
dentials read the report agreed upon the
night before. Beating the Kelly-Crlmmins
delegates in the Twenty-ninth and Forty
second districts, giving the contesting
Kelly-Crimmins delegates -half a vote in
the Thirty-third -and Forty-third districts,
and leaving the delegates aa per tempo
rary rollcall in the Fortieth and Forty
fourth districts. Chairman Green con
cluded by moving .that In districts where
there were no contests the delegates be
declared seated.
Abe Ruef made the point of order that
the motion .was out or order, and R. F.
for Recognition, but Kelly Wins.
Both Majority and Minority Strive
REPORT OF CREDENTIALS.
The Kelly-Crimmins delegations showed
many new faces, men with proxies taking
the place of some of the "lame ducks.
Among these W. S. Barnea was conspic
uous, he having a proxy in the Twenty
eighth District.
Martin Kelly came in just as the con
vention was called to order and marched
to the front where the Twenty-eighth Dis
trict, "elected unanimously by the peo
ple," sat. He was received with cheers
by his henchmen.
Regardless of the Intention to keep th$
floor cleared of all but delegates, outsid
ers flocked In and crowded the aisles at
the sides of the sections of seats. The
gallery was black with spectators.
Temporary Chairman Bergerot called
the convention to order at 8:30 o'clbck and
appointed Michael Drlscoll, John S. Wll
kins, Joseph Toot, Maury Bushway and
J, Waller Jr. as sergeants-at-arms.
"Gentlemen of the convention," said
Chairman Bergerot, "I have every reason
to believe that we meet here in better
spirit than that which characterized our
first session. I am here to perform my
duty and will do it with a promptness
that will surprise those who come here
expecting to see any behavior hut the
most decorous. I shall wield the gavel
with perfect fairness, In absolute com
pliance with parliamentary usage. I do
not anticipate any disturbance, and I sin
cerely hope none of you will forget your
selves." ,
Chairman Bergerot asked all on the
floor who were not delegates to retire to
the rear of the hall or to the gallery, and
Instructed the chairman of delegations to
report any among their delegations who
were not delegates.
The doors of the hall were opened at
7:r>0 o'clock and the delegates filled the
hall rapidly. Contesting Kelly-Crimmins
delegates whope names were not on the
temporary rollcall crowded forward and
forced themselves in among the delegates
entitled to the seats until the convention
should decide otherwise. The Kelly-
Crimmins delegates in the Forty-second
and Forty-third districts^made themselves
particularly obnoxious/ crowding their
chairs in between the rows regularly
placed. Only the forbearance of the op
posing delegates prevented physical en
counters.
Bergerot Rules for Kelly and Carries
Out His Owner's Programme.
RANK SHOW OF BOSSISM.
H. C. Dibble, knowing bosses from Inti
mate association with them, would not
trust Kelly and Crimrains until Monday,
but pot his nomination for Assemblyman
in the Forty-first ' District last night.
Jesse Marks decided that It was not wise
to wait, so he insisted that. Hamilton
Bausr should be nominated for the As
sembly from the Fortieth and the nomina
tion was accordingly made last evening.
boss rulings last night that the delegates
and spectators hissed and uttered ex
clamations of disgust.
The anti-boss minority under the leader
ship of A. Ruef made a sorry spectacle
of the presiding agent of the bosses, plac
ing him In such position that he could
not conceal the fact that he had accepted
the Kelly programme . before he was
chosen to preside.
The convention will meet Monday night
to nominate Superior Judges and justices
of the Peace. It is expected that persons
desiring to be placed on the ticket will
call at Kelly and Crimmlns' saloon before
noon next Monday.
¦ ¦ : , ¦ , ¦
EOSS KELT^T, HIS CHIEF ABBETTOR. BERGEROT. AND ROME OF THE SMALLER FRY AS THEY APPEARED TO THE CALL CARICATURIST WHILE
THEY WERE CO-OPERATING TO STIFLE FREE SPEECH AND TO DENY FAIR PLAY IN THE REPUBLICAN COUNTY CONVENTION LAST
NIGHT.
••Mr. Brrcrrol, I have knOTrn yon Rlnrr yon were n. little boy. |
I have knotrn yonr family and there 1* none better In all this city. ,
I hnve watched yonr oonrne and lutre been proud of you— nntll to- .
nfRrlit. By your aetlons here in thin eonventlon yon have »hoirn me
that yon huvr left yonr enreer to Ktoop before the bonnea and
fttnnd ready to tnke tlielr every bidding:. Ton hnve dl»s:rneed yonr
nelfj you hitve dlRB-rnced yonr family, yonr party and the city you
live in. I tm «J i-er»'-tc«l vrlth you and >vji«!i my hnnil« of yon. I
trill lioiv leave thin hall. I decline to nit In any convention of
vrhlcli Martin Kelly 1« the ninnter.**— Georitc L. Center to Chairman
Ilercrcrot upon Imvln; the convention.
.....••••••••.a**********-**** *„?. *_»^»^«— *—? • t .t..»..»._*.....t..».» -«..*.,•. i
THE associated botsr*, under the
leadership cf Martin Kelly, per
manently organized the Republi
can Municipal Nominating Con
vection at B'nai B'riih Hall last
r.lpht. P. A. Bergerot. who was originally
placed in nomination for temj>orary chair
mar, by Kelly, was retained as the per
manent presiding officer.
In calling: the convention to order Ber
p»>rot promised to render impartial
rulings, but at every point h^ decided in
favor of thf bo5s pieman:. In truth ne
not only ipcorpd but insulted the minor
ity. IlaJfh 1~ Hat hoi n, in presenting a
minority report from .he committee on
credentials, made a preliminary remark
that two members tlissented from the ma
jority report. Chairman Bergerot. in the
presence of the conventioa. flatly contra
dicted Mr. Hathorn. asserting that there
was only one dissenting; member of th«*
romnittw. Mr. Hathorn. in a sclf-pos
cpss^d and dignified manner, said to the
jf^pates that he coulO not engage in a
rontrovrrsy with the chair, but would
content himself with the simple state
ment that two members had signed the
minority report and *hat their signature?
\igcroiiS manner were menaced by bo&s
appointcd serer-ants at arms. The chair
threatened to use police power to sup
press the i-rctestitiu minority. Men who
sought to Bpeak were rndeavoring to ex
press the sentiments of decent Repub
licans of San Francisco. They wanted
to cave the party from shame and dis
grace, but they were threatened with ex
pulsfon from the hall if they persisted in
th< ir efforts.
True to the pledge adopted at the
anti-boss conference in Shiels Hall, Wed
aesday evening las-t, the ignored and in
sulted representatives of clean , politics
an<i good government did not leave the
convention in a body, yet scores of self
resiiecling delegates and old time honored
R< publicans, whose loyalty to the -prin
dples of the party cannot be questioned,
left the hall with a determination not to
riturn.
In ha?te to execute the programme of
Boss Kelly the chairman made one griev
ous blunder. He put the motion to lay
the minority report of the committee on
credentials on the table and 't was car
ried. Then A. Ruef raised the point of
order that the whole subject matter of
credentials had been placed on the table.
In order to extricate the !>jss e-lement
from a silly predicament the chair was
compelled to recognize the point as weii
Bergerot Proves Bosses' Willing tool and Overrides Opposition by Rulings So Grossly
Highhanded and Dishonest That Many Delegates Hiss and Leave in Disgust.
MARTIN KELLY TRIUMPHANT IN PERMANENT
ORGANIZATION OF REPUBLICAN CONVENTION
Office for. Immigration Busine33.
The Supervisors' Police Committee rec
ommended yesterday that the building
formerly used for the Harbor police sta-1
tion at Melggs wharf be rented for the*
sum of $10 per month to H. H. North.
United States Commissioner of Immigra
tion, lor official purposes.
Parvln Shaw. • a schoolboy residing at
1145U Mission. street, was crossing Market
and'Flfth streets yesterday afternoon on
his way home from school, "when he was
knocked down by a bicyclist, who rode
on. The boy .was taken to the Keceiving
Hospital, where a lacerated' wound in hi3
Ecalp'was stitched, and dressed. He wai
also suffering from abrasions on his arms
and legs.
Knocked Down by a Bicyclist.
Ladies' tailor-made suits. ¦ sUlc skirts. tar
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 5C3 Sutter. •
Recommended by physicians. Water alwayt
clean and warm. Tub department best In city.*
Swim at the -Crystal Baths.
Louis Goz was granted a divorce yes
terday from Maria Goz on the gTound of
adultery. Goz proved his allegation that
his former wife was unduly Intimate with
Albln Dcmek at 230»i Fulton street. The
action by which Clara Demek asks for a
decree of divorce from Albln * Demek for
his intimacy with Mrs. Goz will be heard
next week.
Robert F. Sotter has been granted a di
vorce from Mary Sotter on the ground of
desertion. John T. "Welch has sued Mar
garet Welch for divorce, alleging deser
tion as cause of action.
Goz Granted a Divorce.
Police Pear Court's Bulin? May Open
"Way for tlie Placing?
of Bets.
As forecasted In The Call. Judge Ca
banlss yesterday Instructed the Jury in
the case of Louis Roblnette. charged with
violating the ordinance against selling
pools, to return a verdict of acquittal, as
the evidence was not sufficient to consti
tute the offense charged In the complaint.
The Jury took ten minutes to bring In
the verdict of acquittal as Instructed by
the Judge, and the foreman said he
thoutrht the $3 should be refunded to the
ofllcer. The Judge thought so too, but
Roblnette and his attorney only smiled.
The police are of the opinion that they
have received a- setback, as according to
the Judge's decision poolsellers can- go
ahead and sell pools and by simply keep
ine a memorandum of each bet instead
of issuing a. ticket will not violate the
law. •''¦".--
LOUIS ROBINETTE IS
ACQUITTED BY JURY
"Are these the men." ask3 the doctor,
"to whom we want to Intrust the health
and even lives of our soldiers groins thou
sands of miles to fight under the stars
and stripes?" The voters of the Fourth
District will answer this question next
November. •
Dr. C. C. CDonnell. the candidate for
Congress from the Fourth District, went
on board the United States transport
Hancock yesterday. He went as a privata
citizen and without a permit. He was
ordered off by the captain, but did not
leave till he had made a thoroueh Inspec
tion of the ship. He found that there
are eighty Chinese Boxers employed on
the Hancock as firemen, stewards, wait
ers and painters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1900.
12
AD VEETISEMENT5.
ADVEBTISE20SNTS.
Biggest
Clearance Sale
Ever Offered
China. Crockery, Glassware,
Olooks, tamps, Jardh
nienes, Bisque Ware,
Grey Enameled . Ware,
Silver Ware, Knives,
Forks, Saoons, Dinner
Sots, Fanoy Bohemian
Glassware and Every
thing That's Beautiful ,
ana Useful. ¥U?*M
Lowest Prices on Earth
Caps and Saucers 7ct8
Decorated Bowls io eta
Glass set, 4 pieces... z»ct«
. Decorated Umps i.oo
Jardinieres .15 cts
Dec. ci:!na Clocks- i.*o
Enameled Tea and
Coffee pots _ «4Cti
Silver Plated Tea Spoons
•••'• .net...... .....40 eta
Dinner set complete for 6
persona, gUt bandies. -4»7«>
Dinner set, Elite L,emogre,
French China, handsomely %
decorated, 100 pet*. .11.50
We« are Cutting Prices all
to Pieces During: Our Big
Clearance Sale.
Great American ImTJortina Tea Co-
210 Grant av«., b«t. Sutter and Po«t.
8«1 Market Bt.. opp.. Powell at.v
E2 Market Bt.; June. California.
• OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
Gibson's $1 shirt Is your bosom friend. They
fit and wear well ; try one. ' 1204 Market at. *
Dr. M. J. Fottrell has resumed practice
at rooms 17 and 19. Phelaa building. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r^fflST Th8 Secret oub Success I'
hb tj tli6 new xnilitiflry or iE^rczLclx \\
¥4 We are not allowed to advertise the name* of t* 1 ** corset, l'|
g3 as some of our so-called competitors complained to the man- fcj
N ufacturer about our selling this 82.50 corset for $1, but ||
p i w© will do still more to-day and to-morrow— with, every pur- E j
II chase of these corsets we will give two five-yard Mohair IJ
9 Lacings free. Corsets fitted free. Corset and lacing . §J 00 fl
|| 600 yards new veiling* In all newest Parisian 1nP^>y hi
£4 Tuxedo and fancy meshes, chenille dotted or jT^3pMpy;s-ij jjvf
0 LADIES' QLOVES, made of b«9t kid, two-clasp fasteners, tf
B3 stitched bacH, all colors, all sizes. Warranted and fitted. sr?
|| THK BEST GLOVE IN ISI8C0 TOR THE M05ET. To- Day and To-Morrow 98a jM
I ASTONISHING VALUES IN OUR APRON DEPARTMENT. I
rJ LADIES* APROXS, made of good Scotch gingham. bhj« and II
£g 'white or brown and white checked.- jjj
1 COMFORT AND HEALTH FOR LITTLE MONEY. if
H PT "^T LADIES' STORM OR OOLF SKniTS, aad» o* O
§9 L'-^^ttS^J all-wool plaid-back goltln?; cut after most approved II
M nSt tailor patterns, stitched bottom, welted seams, per- r'3
I Wm A FEW CHOICE OFFERINGS IN LADIES' NECKWEAR. |
H gSr [^ Jabot, made of b«st Liberty silk, finished with &3
K9 hm I fancy ruchlngs, with collar of tucked satin; all l^i
Kg • Luring in ten different styles, made ot best satin, m*^%TjA M
yd tucked and finished with Pan velvet, lined with fast Y|—\f| v]
H color Italian silk. f or Jo-Day and To-Morrow 25 c \j \j£ f I
|H Made of best Pan velvet, finished with satin ribbon: . /nDj3fc II
1 «k ECONOMICAL WOMEN, READ THIS. |
En /^^™fif "'* a^ aes LJ*8 These That Make Us So Btrsy. fej
Ej| ' v i |j' A drummer's sample line of Muslin Underwear at f I
IS l//^T*> LADIES' CORSET COVERS— High or low neck, made o cj
wi fflw V2*f best s0 ' 1 bleached muslin, perfect fitting, all sizes
•h •{.¦ V I wel1 sewed.
El *«» " i For To-Day and To-Morrow 9c
m xTW* LADIES* DRAWERS-Made of best soft finished mus
m Vvfih l' n « tucked and hemmed, well made; you cannot
H s"&{* buy the muslin for the price we ask for this \n n
H *s4i*> garment complete X f 15
M There are 900 sample garments— no two alike. Space win not
i permit us to enumerate each one-GOWNS, SKIRTS. CHEMISES,
i DRAWERS, ETC. Our advice Is: COME AND INSPECT. '
El SALE Cf^PW.I-iTPHKK'I'^ICTlTBtVPT! Jj
1 SUIT DEPARTMENT — Second Floor, O'Farrell-St. Entrance.
El A high-class ladles' tailor-made suit, perfect In every CM fi (\f\
*"m detail. Our price for to-day and to-morrow «Plw.UU
tH Take a look at our black serge skirts, made after CM QQ
§1 new patterns, tailor cut and finished, lined and bound^for V*.OO ¦
fl STORE IVEIA/S. f
p Ladies' white linen collars, all styles j) c ?. :
M Sample line ladles' corsets 35o pair t
M . SIS /eather Boa. 45 Inches lony 812.50
PI Ladiea' all-wool Parisian flannel wal3t 81.35
m Ladles' all-silk taffeta waists 82.OS *
M We wager you to match these any place In the city at this price.
JOE ROSENBERG I
I 816 MARKET STREET. |
H Running Through to ft O'Farrefl St. Mail Orders Solicited. Si
f=^ +4mong the beautiful loijiter
5$ \ attractions on owr second floor
: »^da to-day will be the suit which
you se & pictured opposite, for
— , W little chaps between the ages of
*"* '£' 3 and S-one of the cutest little
j P.. conceptions tha.t can be possible
jt^i^k. t° dress up a little chap of these
'-"^^S^^*^ yearn in.
/^f2&i ' £*rVJr^\ /^\ It has its pretty little vest in
l\ vt'i I flip • 0 ( \ rich silk, also in corded velvet;
I \Ml ll 1^ / ( \ some have velvet collars; sonii
I YM / \ \ of the lapels have satin on theni.
I j vj] |Co +0~A \ In the following colors:
\w\ h\J Blue '
A iUil^n stone Grey >
; T^\J Scotches,
i V|l / Brown Mixtures.
\'j;S %
|!ti| \;i, I Of course, we are $om$ to put
I'M I \\\ J avert/ ridiculously low price on
\i I \p /S su^> 6 we do on all our
&&"& Vj\jf specials.
lHHl r^^ You know when we nanvr, a
u^ii^ $§M* special it isn't i-i the word only
|jjfl|| y&lsB special: it is in fact a special of
Pi! \§H extraordinary value.
w R *£3 These suits at
H 1 $2 00
s£^ STORE CLOSES AT 6 WEEKDAYS.
THE FRISCO BOYS,
Corner Kearny Street and Union Square Avenue.
*CIINGF»IINS FOR OVERCOAJ^!