no_textIt was on an open car. A man of year*
and sedatenesa sat next to a young man
who was consulting a pocket dictionary.
By ami by, and without any premonitory
symptoms, the sedate man said:
"It's in there. I was looking over one
of them books yesterday, and I picked
out the very words.™
"What do you refer to?" asked the
young man.
"To what a woman up my way called
me when I asked her to marry me."
"And what was it?"
"A concave cataleptic semiannual old
idiot. At first I didn't exactly know
whether she meant to say yes or turn
me down, but after looking in the dic
tionary I made up my mind that she waa
not for me. Mighty handy, these diction
aries are. when you get stuck on a hard
word, eh?"— Washington Post.
A CAMP CHRISTENING.
"Anybody 'round here who'can tell good
fish stories?" •
"Lookin" fer a liar, eh? Well, Parsin
Raggs fills th* bill about as near as any
man this side o' Annynias kin do it."
"A'panon!"
"Yep. Thet's th' name th* camp give
him fer usln' sich dern bad grammar." —
Cleveland Plain- Dealer.
ENJOYING THEMSELVES.
- Slxnpkins and his young wife had just
completed their first quarrel. "I wish. I
was dead." she sobbed.
"I wish I was. too," he blubbered.
'Then' I don't wish I was," and the war
continued. — St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
VACATION MAY BE CUT SHORT.
"Tour wife has gone away for the sum
mer. I understand?"
"Well, she .thinks she has, but If she
could see my bank balance once possi
bly she would know better." — Chicago
Post. -
"Children," said the mother of the fam
ily, opening the door of the nursery and
looking in, "what «re you doing to Puggy
that makes him yelp so?"
"Ben's been using the curling tongs on
his tall to make it curl tighter." explained
Eunice.— Philadelphia Inquirer.
"Can you swim?" asked the boy who
was managing the sailboat as a squall
struck the craft and nearly capsized it.
"Not a stroke," said the passenger.
"Well, I guess we're about even, then.
I don't know a thing about sailing a boat
in a storm."— Chicago Tribune.
BEN'S BRIGHT IDEA.
"How will you have your eggs fried, on
one side or both?*.' asked the waitress of
the youth who spends all his spare money
for vaudeville tickets.
"Fry one on one side and the other on
the other," answered the youth, with a
real Seabrooklsh expression. — Baltimore
American.
A TOSS UP.
Stranger (In train)— A man In your busi
ness can't get home very often, I pre
sume?
Drummer— Home! I should say not.
Why, sir, I get home so seldom that 1
can't remember half the time where I live.
Have to telegraph to the firm to send me
my address!
Stranger— You "don't say so!
Drummer— That's straight. Why, one
time I was away so long that I forgot I'd
ever been married, and 1^ took such a
fancy to a pretty woman* I met in a
strange town that I eloped with her.
Stranger— My! my!
Drummer — Yes; it would have been a
terrible thing, but when I called on the
firm during my honeymoon and Introduced
her the old man told me she was my wife
before.
TOO GQOD FOR MATINEES.
ON THE RIALTO
Bcubrttt* — "So jour season closed very abruptly. What was the trouble? Didn't
the Kbust walk?"
Tragedian— "I guess so. The rest of us did."
THE DRUMMER'S HOME.
HE GOT POSTED
WITE DIALECT PO'TRY.
"I's done took a heap o' trouble ter sen'
dat gal ter -school," said Miss Miami
Brown's j father. ¦ . .
"Is she gettin' educated?'.'
"I should say so. You Jes' orter hear her
recitin' 'Unduh I de Spreadln' Chestnut
Tree." an' 'Tell Me Not In Mo'nful Num
bers,' an' some er de res' o* dat wlte dia
lect po'try."— Washington Star.
*- While her husband "waa hanging his
sho£s on the I hatrack the : woman wrung
her hands. :_•-' . •.•' .
"Will you~ never know when you have
had enough !" she exclaimed, . reproach
fully. , x / ¦' '..:•• ; ¦--¦ % : . ¦
"I. am a' consistent agnostic, I hope!"
replied the ¦ man," with a certain dignity
and Jn the correct inebriate dialect.—De
troit Journal. . ¦
AN AGNOSTIC IN DRINK.
SHE KNEW.
"Didn't Mrs. Jones' husband die only last week?"
"I saw her yesterday, and she was wearing second mourning."
•'I know— he wa3 her second husband." ;
ways in a fighting mood when I am walk
ing In ray sleep, and I always lick the
first man' I run across. -I'm walking in
my sleep right now, and you are the first
man that I have met.'
"With that I sailed into him and gave
him a drubbing that I'll wager he didn't
forget for some time. Then I told him to
get/ and he got."— Detroit Free Press.
ENGLISH HUMOR.
With much enthusiasm the English hu
morist takes his pen in hand.
The first advertisement in the news
paper before him reads as follows:
"For sale, a piano with wooden legs;
In an oak case, by a ledy about to cross
the ocean." ~
With a few deft strokes, the humorist
makes it read thus:
"For sale, a piano, by a- lady with
wooden legs, about to cross the ocean In
an oak case." ' .., .
"Ha, ha!" he laughs, heartily, and rests
until dinner. — Detroit Journal.' ""
ACCURACY DEMANDED,
"Bigsby went up to see the Thousand
Islands on a special rate excursion ticket."
"How did he enjoy the trip?"
"He cameback threatening to sue the
railroad company."
"What for?"
"He couldn't count but 993 islands!"—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
EASY ENOUGH
"I wonder how so practical a people as
the Scotch happened to originate golf."
"Oh, that was easy for them; they al
ready had the plaids."— Chicago Record.
"I ¦wish ;!"¦ could -set "of 'all dead
beats "as "easily as I; did i the ¦.. first one.".
>aid the" hotel clerk with a sigh, as he.
examined S the g valise and 5 found - three
Jirlcka and. a pair of old socks.''. "The first
situation I ever; held down -was at a hotel
Ina-little town west of here. One^day*a_
flasbCv, dressed party put up at the, hotel
and -^ered the; best that we" had- Ho
made'qulte an- impression upon' me,'~as.,lt
was :¦ not usual for* our guests to throw
their 'money about v recklessly. He wa3
with us for several days and managed to
run up quite a." bill, and I never dreamed
of asking him for It.
. ."I went to a dance one night and didn't
get back until about 3 In the morning.' As
I approached the hotel I "became aware
that. something was wrong.-, A rope was
hanging out of the window of the room
that our high-flying guest occupied, and
a moment later I saw him appear at the
window and start to slide down the rope.
I realized the situation then and prepared
for. action. 1 saw\ that" he would come,
squarely, down upon a. cistern, so I quietly
removed the" cover and awaited develop
ments. His legs were in the -cistern be
fore he realized where he was going, and
then ht- made a . desperate attempt to
climb out.: But evidently he .waa tired
out and his hands sore, for ..after swear
ing and struggling for a few minutes he
gave up and slid down Into 1 the ; cistern.
There was ,not enough .?;-: -water ; in ; tt' to
drown him; so, a ft cr leaving him in soak
for awhile,' I pulled, him "out.f ; ;
"He had his . nerve, with ; him even then.
" 'Funny habft, r ; this;. wallting,; in 'one's
sleep, isn't it?*'* Bald he, with chattering
teeth. /¦• ¦¦¦¦¦. "*?¦;:¦" : '\. ••- : *';/ ; "- .¦¦.. - ; .'-."
" 'It is.' I answered. *I sometimes walk
in my sleep myself.'-' -\ - .-•¦•.
" 'Then /you - can sympathize - with me,*
said he. ,-..' : ' : . ¦"' ;; ,
" 'I can.' i I. answered, grimly. :
"Funny,". tooT' what stranjre things one
will do while; sleep-walking,' said, he.
" 'Very,' said I, dryly. 'Now, I am al-
Beating a Beat.
AT FHANTIC CITY.
, ""What made Augustus leave so unex
pectedly?" -
"His tailor came down to stay over till
Monday." ¦ .
IT DOES HAPPEN.
"A woman doesn't always have the last
Word, does slie?"
"Oh, no. Sometimes she is talking to
another woman."— Life.
DISSATISFIED.
The New Convict— "This Is a" very poor room.**
The Cheerful Convict— "Yes; a regular cell."
T»E SUNDAY CALL
2no_textno_textTli K S DIM 1> A Y C AL L..
4™JUNDAY CALL,
5Wife — John,' you don't mean to tell me
that you shot this poor : little bird with
that great big gun?
Husband— Yes. dear: I'm sorry to say
I had to. I couldn't get. near enough to
put salt on its tail.— Philadelphia Press.
"What do you think of these yarns
about the Chinese belns among the most
civilized people on earth?" asked Piute
Pete.
"Well," answered Three-Finger Sam, "I
must say their way o' jtreatin* strangers
they don't happen to llice reminds me of
the palmy days in our great an' growin*
city of Crimson Gulch."— Washington
Star.
A MATTER OF NECES3ITY.
A SIMILARITY.
Deacon Goode — They say your son has
been very successful in the ministry.
The Practical Man— He has that.
Deacon Goode — He has brought about a
great many conversions. .
The Practical Man— I don't know any
thing about that. He has accepted three
calls within eighteen months, and got a
tig raise each time. — Boston Transcript.
WORLDLLNESS OF THE GODLY.
numerous and appear to be disorderly,
no doubt deserve the frequent flogslnEfs
you give them; but, a3 my nerves are
weak, I write this to ask if you can't do
something to deaden the sound." — St.
Lcuis Globe-Democrat.
It is much easier to be polite and neigh
borly than to fly into a passion when
thing's don't suit you. Take this note,
for instance," addressed by a lady to the
woman who lived next door: ,
"Dear Madam: Your children, who are
POLITENESS THE BEST RULE.
"How does Jlmson expect to live when
he reaches the other side?" '
"Then, of course, he's _ cpming back
aoon." — Cleveland Plain Dealer- ¦
no hope for iimr.
GOING THE SAJUE ROAD.
"I want $10 to buy Indian curios. The
Indians, you know, will soon be extinct."
"Well, if you keep on calling for money
I'll be extinct long before the Indiana.**
Chicago Record.
WILLIAM WENT BACK AGAIN.
A good story is told of a man allied
William, who is engaged as a window
cleaner at a certain big hotel in London.
One morning .. William, instead of .doing
his work, was reading the paper, and. as
bad luck would have ' it, the, manager
looked in.
"What's this?" he said. William was
dumb. "Pack up your things and go,"
said the manager.
So William went to the office, dre-w the
money which was owing to him, and then
v.cnt upstairs and put on his Sunday
cloThes. Coming down to fay good-by to
the other servants he happened to ran
across the rrtanager, who did not recog
nize lum in his best coat.
"Do you want a job?" asked the man
ager.
t"Yea, Bir," said William.
"Can you clean windows?"
"Yes, sir."
"You look a handy sort of chapi I only
gave the last man 22 shillings, but I'll
give you 25."
"Thank you. sir," said William, and In
half an hour he was back In the same old
loom— cleaning the window this time, and
not reading the paper.
"I can't believe a man is telling- the
truth," observed the doctor, "when he
says, a few hours after he has been
knocked out in a prize fight, that he 'neve
felt better in his life.' It sounds fishy.
"More than that." remarked the profes
sor. "It sounds Sharkey."— Chicago Trib
une.
THE PROFESSOR.
GEO. R. BRILL.
Hear my mother callin'.
Cattle need a-mllkin*,
Hidln' In the hay loft.
Other chares a-bllkin'.
See my dad a-comln\
Used to beg and shiver.
Glad I ain't a boy again
Down along the river.
On the bank a-sittin*.
Fish in' and a-smokin',
Fightin' pesky hornets.
Woodchuck holes a-poktn*,
Eatin' stolen moshey pie,
Gettln' torpid liver.
....
Wish 1 was a boy again
Down along: the river.
Hear the frogs a-croakln*.
Katydids a-hummin'.
Hear the tinkle, tinkle. '
Lowing herds a-comin";
Watch busy bumble-bees
In the mull en quiver.
Wish I was a boy again
Down along the river.
TO HIDE IT
Hewitt— What are you raising whiskers
for?
Jewett— Well. I don't mind telling you
that I am wearing a necktie my wife gave
me. — Harper's Bazar.
"Are you a3 old as my mamma?"' pep
alsted the child. Mamma frowned. Tho
young woman smiled.
"Are you married?" was the next ques
tion.
"No. dear. I am not."
"Why don't you get married?"
"I expect to— some time." she replied.
A Chinaman came Into the car. The
child tool: her eyes off the young 1 woman
long enough to see who was the new
passenger.
"Would you marry that Chinaman?"
she asked, pointing to where he sat.
Mamma smiled. Then men laughed and
the young woman blushed furiously. Put
tins the child down, she signaled the
conductor to stop and she stepped from
the car.
Before the car was out of sight sha
threw that "Ask me" button aa far as
fclie could send It. — Kansas City Star
__,
A POKER DIALOGUE DL'IUXG THE
MILLENNIUM.
First player— I open the pot.
Second player— I raise you.
First player— I raise you back.
Second player— I call.
First player— Give me two cards.
Second player-I will take one.
First player— Five bones is my bet.
Second player— I have the honor to caU
First player— I have three kings.
Second player— That wins: I have only
two pair.
First player— I beg pardon. On examin
ing my hand I find only two kings. I
must have discarded the third one
through mistake.
Second player— Tour explanation id emi
nently satisfactory- Kindly take in the
pot and we will hav? another deal.
She was fair of face and— well, say 23.
j Her clothes were neat and cool. Pinned
I to the bosom of her shirt waist was one
' of the largo buttons distributed by
; the bureau of information for the accom
| modatlon of strangers visiting this city
' during the Democratic National Conven
tion. This large button bore the talis
manlc word3. "Ask me."
When she tripped Into the car and took
a seat the men stared at her. The women
did likewise. Opposite sat a middle-aged
woman with her 7-year-old daughter.
The child stared at the large button on
the shirt waist, then, pointing to it,
asked. "What is that, mamma?"
"It's very rude to point, don't ycu
know, my dear?" quoth mamma.
"Well, what Is It?" she again Inquired.
The young womaa heard the inquiry and
reprimand and smiled at the perversenes9
of the child; then, holding out her hands,
said, "Come here, little sweetheart, and
I'll explain It to you."
The child looked at her mother, who
nodded assent. She went over and wns
lifted to a seat In the young woman's lap.
"Now. I'll tell you all about it. These
buttons were designed for the purpose of
furnishing Information to many visitors
who will come to Kansas City next week.
If they are seeking a hotel or street or
store all they need do is ask the wearer
of a button like this. In other words, the
wearer of a button like this will answer
questions asked. Do you understand
now?" she asked. The child nodded her
head.
"And are you going to answer ques
tions?* Queried the child.
"Just try me and see." replied the
young woman.
The child fingered the button in silence
for a few moments, then she suddenly
asked:
"How old are you?"
"I'm "
2ke"Ask Me" Zutton.
THE SUNDAY C
He— I suppose you are ready to pay me
the kiss I won on the result of the ball
game.
She — Oh. no; I never pay gambling 1
debts.
He (disappointed)— And there's no law
to collect them, cither.
She (after a moment's si!eiice>— But you
might take the law into your own hand^,
George.
6
m JlT,Z^^^lZ'lCr,o\Y^ m ' M ' a - -"'•» «- «"-• — "
A RETROSPECT
HE DID.A PUZZLE.
. "It is hard for me to acknowledge that I
Jo not know It all," said the Cornfed
Philosopher, "but I confess I cannot pee
why the rock-the-boat idiot is allowed to
live until he is strong enough to tip it
I'ver." — Indianapolis Press. *
PASSING IT ALONG
"But. Mr. XVimmer, hour can you allow
your eldest son to strike his little brother
i.nd sisters so?"
"Do you think I have time to whip all
the children ever}- day? No! I beat the
«i!«lest and then he attends to the rest." —
Ftrav Stories.
riod a tag marked "Salad," and when the
Ice cream came in a card announcing
"This Is ice cream'i- came with it. The
wife talked of a thousand different things
all through the meal, never once referring
by word or look to the labeled dishes.
N'fither then nor thereafter did she" say
a word about them, and never since that
evening has the captious husband ven
tured to inquire what anything set before
him Is.— Washington Post.
HE HADN'T DESIRED IT.
Judge — Don't let me see you here again.
Prisoner— I assure you. Judge, that this
meeting was entirely unintentional on my
part.— Town Topics.
¦ . ' - • . 5
A noble Lord, as proud and fond as a
man should be of his beautiful wife, was
just about rising to speak "in. a debate
when a telegram was put into his hands.
He read it, left the House, jumped into a
cab, drove to Charing Cross and took the
train to Dover.
Next day he returned home, rushed into
his wife's room, and, finding her there,
upbraided the astonished lady in no meas
ured terms. She protested her ignorance
of having done anything to offend him.
"Then what did you mean by your tele
gram?" he asked.
"Mean? What I said, of course. What
¦ . t. -.¦¦>.
ALL ON ACCOUNT 'OF THE TELE
GRAM.
HE WAS SINCERE.
"Really, Miss Johnson, but I'ze no base flatterer."
"No, I nebber flatters. When I says I'ze sawn de elephant, de rhinoscerous, do
hippopotamus and a hog weighing 730. pounds, an' dat yo'r sylph-like form am de
sylphist ob all I eber sawn. I has no distress! n' or interior objick in view."
HE DIDN'T KNOW.
In the early days of the war a large
number of colonists were recruited "and
hastily licked into shape. Drill they all
detested, but cheerfully . put ' up with.it
liko true Britons. On one occasion an
officer was putting a fresh batch through
their facings. :
"Form fours!" he shouted, and -they
bumped into something like order.
"As you were!" he called, and back
they all came except one fat farmer, who
stood stock still. . ...
"As you were!" again yelled the officer
in the bewildered man's ear.
"Beg pardon, sir," muttered the man,
NOT EXACTLY WEAKNESS.
THE SUNDAY CALL. >^
Mistress — You say you are well recom
mended?
Maid— Indeed, ma'am, I b*v» tUrtjr-aUU
«xceUent reference*
"I've a "dreadful cold, doctor." . ;
¦ "I see you have. Let me feel your
pulse. H'm. Yes. You'd better take a
hot bath, and under no circumstances
get your feet wet."— London Titbits.
WELL RECOMMENDED.
are you talking about?"
"Read It for yourself," he said.
She read: "I flee with Mr. X. to Dovei
straight. Pray for me.";
- For the moment words could not come.
Then the suspected wife quietly re«
marked: "Oh, those dreadful telegraph
people!. I telegraphed simply, 'I tea with
Mrs. X. In Dover street. Stay for me.' "
—London Tit-Bits.
OFF-HAND PRESCRIPTION.
Guide— This is Bunker Hill.
Visiting Briton (also a goltlst)— Ah, that
was a bunker, to be sure!— Puck.
IN THE NATURE OF AN OBSTACLE
"Do you mean to insinuate that I can't
tell the truth?".
"By no means. It is impossible to say
what a man can do until he tries." — Chi
cago Post. i
NEVER HAD TRIED
"How docs it happen that you j are so
successful in politics?"
"I act exactly contrary to the advice
given me by my political opponents, . and
then I know I can't make a mistake."—
Chicago Post.
"but I'm blowed If I know where I were."
-London Tit-Bits.
COOD ADVICE TO IGNORE.
Jim— "No; 'taint exactly weakness ez I knows on."
Mr. Snodgrass (to hired'man)— "Say,- Jim, what's the matter that ye pitch up
,such leetle forkfuls? Air. ye gettin' weak?"
7
NATURALLY.
Boarder— "Is your milk pure?
Farmer Cayne — "Wai, I should say it was. We don't use nuthin' but filtered
SHE KNEW.
They say rred Towne has lost the use of his arms."
"Indeed he hasn't; he called on me last evening."
HAD PROPOSED TO HER. TOO.
Mrs. Justwed— "I didn't accept Fred the
|rst time he proposed."
Miss Cutting— "I know you didn't."
Mrs. Justwed— "How clo you know?"
Miss Cutting— "You weren't there."
The Jamed Jier Jiusband.
~h« a £° Sa T there isn>t a woma " on earth
who hasn t a theory on the subject of
now to manage. a husband, and I have
never yet come across a man who was
any the worse for a littte scientific hand
ling now and then. v If I were In the florist
busing I'd Bend, a palm to a certain
Senator's daughter, who , lias "set an ex
ample managing wives might follow with
profit. She has a husband; this Senator's
daughter, who is disposed to be critical.
Most of his friends are , men of great
wealth, who live, extremely well, and as
sociation »lth them has made htm some
wbat hard to please in the matter of cook
ing. For some time the tendency has been
crowing on him. Scarcely a meal at his
home table passed without criticism from
him. .. *
"What Is this meant for?" he would
ask after tasting an entree* his wife had
racked her brain to think up.
"What on earth Is this?" he would say
when dessert came on.
"Is .this supposed to be a salad?" he
would inquire sarcastically when the let
tuce was served. The wife stood it ns
long: as she could. One evening he came
home In a particularly captious humor.
His wife was dressed In her most becom
ing gown and fairly bubbled over with
wit. They went in to dinner. The soup
tureen was brought In. Tied to one handle
was a card, and on that card the infor
mation in a big, round hand:
"This is soup."
Roast beef followed, with a placard an
nouncing:'
"This is roast beeV
The potatoes were labeled. The gravy
dish was placarded. The olives bore a
card marked "Olives," the salad bowl car-, ¦ ' ¦ .-¦""."¦• ¦¦¦'•',-¦• ' ¦ ¦ ¦•'•'¦ ¦ ¦ » .. "
8Text not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableof still higher honors for him and indi
cate that it la quite possible he will be
selected for major general when the next
vacancy occurs. If thia were done he
would. be promoted over the heads of tho
present list of brigadier generals. Gen
eral Chaffee is now colonel of the Eighth
Cavalry, but a major general of volun
teersVSSHl
MINISTER CONGER
MAY TAKE THE STUMP
.CHICAGO. Aug. lS.-The Times-Herald
to-morrow will say: Minister Conger will
be home from China before the election.
If he can get here and will make a few
speeches for McKlnley, That he can get
here In ' time is not yet certain, but the
effort to procure his presence is being
made.
Secretary Heath of the National Com
mittee says he Is unable to promise any
speeches by Minister Conger, but he has
hopes.
The expected appearance of Mr. Conger
on the stump. If he can' get home in time,
depends on his strength and Inclination.
birthday occurred to-day, Emperor Wil
liam proposed the following toast: • c '
"Health'; to .our noble. ally and' the truo
friend of "our ; land, /whom we all honor
from : the bottom ; of our/ hearts."
At 3:45 pi m.» Von ¦.Waldersee started for
Berlin, the Emperor embracing and kiss
ing him as he, left. .. ~
WINTER SUPPLIES
FOR AMERICAN TROOPS
: J ¦.¦--.:.'¦ ~ ¦ . ¦
WASHINGTON, ; Aug. 18.— Previous to
the capture of Peking and while there ex
isted : some 'question \ as ; to .what \ would '• be
done*, with * the United J States troops ': al
ready,* In ; China, ; the I quartermaster's . and
commissary.' departments •/took? into'/con
sideration . the subject ; of '• supplies for \ the
troops,- should \ it; be :' found : necessary, for
them '. to , remain In \ China during,the.win
ter.*,'* Owing ; to ; the \ blockade fof ice in ' the
Gulf of Pechili ltwas known that it would
be ; impracticable : to "-transport < supplies : to
be : landed at Taku," and unless , some other
port could i be | found i the v supplies i would
have , to be fshipped\wlthln .the next thirty
days .'in'; order, to: be 'landed.. f.r.V; ,
The War Department has received In
formation, that there is an open port dur
ing. the winter at Shanhaikwan. near. Lln
yu. j. Supplies can be'*, landed by tugs and
lighters at this port during the entire year
and can be sent bv rail to a point opposite
TakuMthe ; railroad connecting -/with the
same road that runs from' Taku, through
Tientsin and on toward Peking. / The com
missary ! department ¦ has ascertained ; that
sufflclent quantities of fresh beef can be
sent to supply the. troops all winter, which
was ¦ one^of j the doubtful questions v when
the matter was first considered. -The port
of Shanhaikwan Is the one selected by, the
Germans '. for; landing ; the ' troops ! now.on
the way ;to China; and is almost directly
east ; of Peking.' .. • ¦--_¦¦ -.. ' : : : -£gf j^!^j
JAPANESE* GENERAL
"REPORTS ON RESCUE
f TOKIO.tAug. 18.^-General - Tamaguchl
\ wires '•¦ from ''¦ Peking under date of August
16 as follows:? \ -~\ ¦':'¦ ¦"¦''¦'''
! : ; "Tho : allies attacked j Peking- early j yes
terday,", opening .. with f artillery j on '• the
eastern i side. e -.The ; wall : was ;obstlnately
held } by, the ' enemy. . The .'Japanese ; and
Russians were on the northward of Tung
chau canal. The' Americans and British
were on the south side. At nightfall the
Japanese blew up : the two eastern ¦ gates
of the Tartar city and entered. In the
meanwhile the ¦ Americans • and " British
entered the Chinese city by the Tungpien
gates. -Detachments of each force were
sent , toward the ; legations. > The parties
met near the legations and opened commu
nication. All the Ministers and their staffs
were found ?af e. The Japanese loss was
over; one hundred killed, including three
officers. '.The losses of the allies have not
been , ascertained.- Four hundred Chinese
were killed."
PROMOTION IN STORE
FOR GALLANT CHAFFEE
.WASHIXGTOX. Aug. IS.— The promin
ence, which General Chaffee has attained
In ( the, China campaign' has already start
ed some discussion as to a suitable reward
for him by, promotion In the regular army.'
There seems to be no question that he will
get the next; vacancy among the brigadier
generals of the regular army, and some of
his ' friends in, tho t War I Department talk
K CABLEGRAMS CONFIRMING
NEWS OF PEKING'S FALL
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11-Chlnese Min
ister Wu received an official cablegram
to-night announcing the entry of the al
lied forces into Peking on the night or
the lLth. It was sent by LI Hung Chang
and transmitted to Minister Wu by the
Chinese Minister In London. The text
of the dispatch was not given out. but
it was explained that the message was
a. simple announcement from the Chinese
Government confirmatory of the other
edvicos reporting the fall of the Chinese
capital. -,.,
The following cablegram was receiveo.
at the War Department from Brigadier
General Barry of General Chaffee's staff:
••CHEFU— Adjutant General. Washing
ton: Taku. Aug.- 17.— Indiana transport
errlvefl on the 16th. AH are well. Will
go to the front Peking taken on ISth.
legations safe. BARRY."
The Indiana carried a battalion of the
Fifteenth Infantry which had trans
shipped from the Sumncr at Nagasaki.
A dispatch from Consul General Good
npw at Shanghai has been received at the
6%ite Department confirming previous re
£|vts of the entrance of the allied armies
into Peking and the safety of the lega
tioners.
SHANGHAI, Aupr. IS.— The general at
tack upon Peking began August 15 In the
znomir.e. The enemy obstinately resisted.
all the Russias, tho mighty ruler who
makes his power felt throughout the conti
nent of Asia. This again shows how closely
united are the old traditions in the arms
the two empires. I hail with joy, the fact
that at his Majesty's suggestion the whole
of the civilized world without distinction
spontaneously intrusted to your : Excel
lency the command of its troops. As
Prussian officers we can .be gratefully
filled with pride with the task, assigned
to you. Inasmuch as ¦, it expresses , unani
mous appreciation of your military work
and system and the training and leader
ship of our general officers." '
Then, presenting the baton to tho field
marshal with a few felicitous exhorta
tions expressive of hope that Count; von
Waldersee ; might ¦ be destined • to perform
the task set him, whether. tedious, rapid
or. sanguinary, or of whatever kind, in a
manner, that all would desire, the Empe
ror concluded:;
"In the interest of our people I wish our
common expedition " may. turn lnto' : a firm
guarantee . of 'mutual appreciation -/and
mutual peace for,' the, European ; powers,'
so what the ; Czar attempted last , year In
another field arid .what we failed to obtain
in peace > may }. now '. perhaps be '-¦ attained
with weapons In our hands.''
Count von ; Walderaee, replying, ¦ said
that as , long as he ' had strength : to hold
the baton an order; for a retreat- should
never pass his lips.
; At ' the dinner -.which r followed,' after,
toasting Emperor: Francis, Joseph' of Aus-"
tria, the seventieth anniversary of whoso
Tho same evening the Japanese demol
ished the Cham Chang Lang and Tong
Chi gates and entered the capital. The
other armies entered by the Tong Qulen
gate. They sent detachments at once to
the legations, where the Ministers were
found safe.
LONDON, Aug. 18.— Admiral Bruce tel
egraphs to the admiralty: "Peking cap
tured August IS. Legations safe."
EMPEROR WILLIAM'S
LATEST WARLIKE TALK
CASSEL, Prussia, Aug. 18.— In the
throne room of the. palace here at noon
to-day, in the presence of Field Marshal
Count von Waldersee and his staff. Em
peror William presented to the Count, a
field marshal's baton and made an appro
priate speech, to- which Von Waldersee
replied. A dinner followed and his Ma
jesty toasted the Austrian Emperor.
The Emperor Degan.nls speech by con
gratulating the officers on having been
chosen as the" staff to co-operate in the
campaign in China under the leadership
and direction of "our. tried and trusty
field marshal." .¦¦;.', ~\.\
His Majesty continued: "My, dear Von
Waldersee. I congratulate you that . I am
to-day again able to greet you as the head
of the united troops of the civilized world.
It Is of great significance ; that . your ap
pointment. from ¦;/ tho outset • secured •", the
support and approval of - tho . Emperor of
FIGHTING ON THE \A/AY TO FNEK1IING.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 10OO, by the Herald Publishing Company.
AT THE FB.OXT. Aug. 9 (via Shanghai. Aug. 18).— At 4 o'clock in the morning the Bengal Lancers, with the Japanese
supporting on their left flank, advanced on Hoslwu. half way to Peking. They engaged the Chinese cavalry, sup
ported by two guns, and after a short fight the enemy withdrew before a gallant charge by the Japanese Infantry
and the mountain battery. The Bengal Lancers charged the Chidneee. They lost fifty killed. The town was de
strcved it was looted by Chinese soldiers before their retreat. The Japanese continue to lead, the Americans and
Brltleh advancing. There Is great heat and many prostrations. Two deaths have occurred. One troop of the ' Sixth
United States Cavalry has arrived.
LOXDOX. Aug. IS. — General Unevltch, commander of the Russian troops In Pechlli, reports to St. Petersburg that on
August 12 the Chinese Intended to give battle at Chesin, where were concentrated fifty battalions of the best Man
chu troops, commanded by General Tung Fuh Slang, but that, losing courage, they retreated, not waiting for an at
tack to be made.
Russia's campaign in Manchuria seems to be progressing satisfactorily. General Orlleff, chief of staff of the Rus
sian forces in China* reports on August 14 that he attacked the Chinese at Meduachi on August 12 and subsequently
advanced to Takfihl and captured an abundance of stores. The Chinese are said to be gathering in force in the neighbor
hood of Kobdu, from which place the Russian and Tartar residents have departed.
RUSSIA'S CAMPAIGN IN MANCHURIA.
AMERICANS FOUGHT WELL /VT YANGTSUN.
Special Cable to The Call and IHvr York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing Company.
YAXGT&UX. Aug. 7. via Shanghai. Aug. IS.— The fighting before Vangtsun began at 10 o'clock In the morning. The
American marines, the Xinth United States Infantry, Captain Reilly's battery of the Fifth United States Artillery and
the Bengal Lancers, supported by the Japanese, advanced on the right of the railway. The Fourteenth United States
Infantry. Welsh Fusileers and the Indian troops were on the left. The Chinese artillery fire was directed on the front,
right and left. Captain Reilly's battery silenced the guns on the right, and after several volleys the Chinese retreated
from this position in disorder, carrying their dead and wounded. On the left the Chinese made a determined stand at the
railway curve. Colonel Daggett with a battalion of the Fourteenth United States Infantry, Welsh Fusileers and Indian troops,
supported by the British field puns, charged them. The Americans neglected to carry their flags and were shelled by the Brit-
lsh, who mistook them for the enemy, killing six and -wounding nine. The casualties to the Xinth Infantry were eight killed
and wounded and also several deaths from sunstroke. In Captain Reilly's battery one man was wounded. In the Fourteenth
Infantry there were six killed and sixty-four wounded, Including Lieutenants Hamilton and Branblla. The British casualties
were forty. 1:?:1k . . ¦> '\" ; i
Special Cable to Tlie Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 18OO, by the Herald Publishing Company.
CHEFU, Aug. 17.— The general attack on Peking began early on Wednesday morning. The
enemy obstinately resisted, but the same evening the Japanese demolished the Chehomun
and Tungchi gates and entered the capital. The other troops entered the Tungpien gate
and sent a detachment to the legations. They found the Ministers and othersall safe.
FOUND THE FOREIGNERS ALL, SAFE.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing Company.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 18. — The situation in the Yangtse Valley is grave. The silk-weavers are
out of work and are placarding the towns. An outbreak is feared. Three thousand British-
Indian forces landed at Shanghai to-day. Americans sent a telegram to-day appealing to
their Government to send an equal number. French forces are now en route. Fifteen thousand
troops are considered necessary for defense here.
In consequence of the landing of British troops the French have arranged j:o land 150 blue
jackets at their concession. *^ v
AMERICANS SEND APPEAL FXDR TROOPS
T ONDON, Aug. 19, 4 A. M.— The eyes of the world, which
i-^ have be^n fixed hitherto on Peking, are turning to Shang
hai, where an imbroglio resulting from the jealousy and sus
picion of the powers will possibly shortly assume a serious
aspect. The British landed Gookas and Bombay regiments
on Friday, and France is hurrying 1700 Tonkin troops thither,
some of whom are reported to have arrived already.
The situation in the valley of the Yangtsekiang at Wu
chang is serious. Chang Chi Tung's troops mutinied, but the
outbreak was quelled.
Jealousy of the Powers Increases
the Seriousness of the Situation
and Is Likely to Lead Up to a
Great Britain Lands Three Thousand Troops
From India, and France Is Skurrying to
Follow Suit — Bravery of the Allied Troops
Shown- in the Capture of Peking.
SHANGHAI MAY SOON BECOME A
SCENE OF STRIFE
LAST STAGE OF THE ADVANCE OF THE ALLIES ON PEKING.
THIS SHOWS A PART OF THE ROAD TRAVERSED BY . THE RELIEF COLUMN BETWEEN TUNGCHAU, ITS LAST HALTING PLACE ON THE PEI
•HO. TWELVE MILES EAST. AND THE IMPERIAL CITY.
- : . From the Illustrated London News.
GOVERNMENT IS FULLY SATISFIED
THAT THE LEGATIONERS ARE SAVED
The German, French and Russian Charges d'Affalres called separately at the
State Department to-day. The situation was discussed, but no important
changes developed. "')'*":*• -/¦¦-
The general policy of the Government toward China heretofore has been made
known both to General Chaffee and Minister Conger, and It was stated authori
tatively to-night that there was no necessity of -sending these officials additional
instructions. . ¦ v'.:.
The fact is emphasized by administration officials that' the policy of the Gov
ernment Is stated in Secretary Hay's note of July 3, and that nothing can be
added now to the document except an elaboration of the points stated therein.
The dispatch from General Tamaguchl, giving the details of the capture of
Peking, was accepted by the War Department officials as giving the most satis
factory account thus far received. General Tamaguchi is in command " of the
Fifth Army Corps, with the rank of major general, and Is regarded as one of the
fighting generals of the Japanese armyi His report discloses for the first time
that the Americans shared In the assault on the city and that they" .marched
with the British troops to the south gate, while the Japanese and Russians oper
ated against the east gate. What was most noticeable in' the Japanese report
was that the Japanese killed are given at 10*) and the Chinese killed at 400.
" This gives no account of the wounded, and Indicates that when the detailed
list is received it will be a heavy one. as the wounded always far exceed the
killed. Furthermore, the report states that the loss of the allies "has not been
ascertained." This Is the first intimation that there were losses other than those
sustained by the Japanese. The entire tenor of the report Indicates that the
engagement was a fierce one. lasting throughout the day of 'August 13 as the
attack began early In the morning, and the blowing up of the gates did not
occur until nightfall. • ; . '•'•"-
Even with the Chinese capital occupied by the allied forces, it Is realized
that there is still serious business for the forces Inside the city While they
have reached the outer walls, which encircle the entire city, yet there are walla
within walls, and it remains to be seen whether an attempt will be made to
enter the imperial city, forming a distinct section of Peking proper The Inner
walls are comparatively, light. howeve>, not being above twenty feet h!«rh and
the military authorities say that they cannot even withstand light artillery If
there was any disposition to breach them. Moreover, -as the allied troops hav*
breached the great outer wall, fifty feet high and far more formidable than th«
Inner walls, they would have comparatively little difficulty in moving where the
commanders desired in the city. !
Aside f row the question of withdrawal' of troops from China, there is th«
further question of the withdrawal of troops from Peking. Both of these ques
tions are for the present iir abeyance, pending definite news from General Chaf
fee and Minister fconger. Certainly there can be no immediate withdrawal frmn
Peking, and the Government is yet to learn what plans will be devised for ¦ e£
cortlng the legationers and the Beveral thousand native Christians to the coast
While the Washington Officials < : Await Ad
vices From Peking Fresh Cause for Anxiety
Is Occasioned toy the Peculiar Complica
tions at Shanghai.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— The Government, now fully satisfied by the
advices that the international troops have entered Peking and that the
legatloners are eaved, Is calmly awaiting detailed statements from Its
own officers. Dispatches were received to-day from General Barry at
Chefu and Consul General Goodnow at Shanghai repeating: the main
fact of the capture and relief. Neither General Chaffee nor Admiral Remey was
heard' from, however, and it is to them. • particularly to , the American com
mander at Peking, that the Government looks for advices, not only on what has
¦ occurred, but on the local developments from which - an intelligent determination
can be made of what still remains to be done.
Tho President, Secretary Root, Acting Secretary of State Adee,' Acting Secre
tary of the Navy Hackett and other officials were in conference during the after
noon. It was said afterward that no additional details had come concerning
Peking, and It' was understood that the conference had to 'do with the situation
at Shanghai. Word reached the Navy Department during the afternoon that the
United , States cruiser New Orleans fiad reached Shanghai, at I which I point Brit
ish warships and transports are already In ;. force, " while the French, Russians
and Germans are j hurrying their men to the; same / destination. The American
Government so far has kept out of 'the entanglement, and in view of the re
ported landing of the troops by some of the. powers it was stated that the land
ing of 'American troops i had never been contemplated. ; ¦.
Although the officials declined to give out any specific Information it Is un
derstood -generally : that the was, in i possession of word that land
ing of . British forces was begun to-day, and It was probable that this would
be followed by the landing of German and French forces. As these several forces
had as the ostensible purpose of their landing the maintenance of.peace and or
der it is not assumed to be likely thatianydlsordercan.arise from the course
pursued^ As a' result of the conference held to-day it is believed that a dispatch'
was f orwarded. to the commander of the New. Orleans advising him of the course
to be pursued:'' .'.' ; '. ! • ¦'¦•,¦¦ ..."_'-¦ .
The general situation at Shanghai, caused by the proposed landing of British
troops and the protests of Germany and France, continues to be strained, al
though the authorities are rather more hopeful ' of ' satisfactory adjustment than
heretofore.' • " . '¦ ' ¦ . ;'-¦_¦.*¦ ' V ;
.-•, The; State" Department does not treat matter as at all grave, and regards
it rather as i a misunderstanding; one side -holding I that British activity is con
fined to Shanghai, while the other Insists'that this activity is 'designed to cover
the whole Yangtse region. A One of the diplomatic officials; who has beenmost ac
tlvein the said . to-day, that in ') any. event \there could be no serious rup
ture. Even. if troops were landed it would increase the security and order, pre
vailing.' *It seems, to be. accepted that if the ¦ British /troops land \ German and
French' and possibly, Russian troops ; also ; will land. - About 1000 : French troops
have arrived at Hongkong, destined for Shanghai, and German chips are now on
their way to the same point/ , ... \
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19, 1900— FORTY PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CESTS.
VOLUME LXXXVin-KO. 80.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Pages 21 to 30
Pages 21 to 30 1Raised the Quarantine.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 18.— The ; Board
of Health td-da>v raised the : quarantine
against ; Tampa, s Fla. ¦ ...
',.' VIENNA, . Augr. . IS.— The . Austrian For
eign Offlce has. received « a, dispatch .an
nouncing that the Austrian acting Minis
ter at Peking, Dr. von Rosthorn, Is slight
ly wounded.^
LONDON, Aug. 19.— A Berlin .dispatch,
dated this (Sunday) morning, says the
German marine battalions arrived at
Tientsin on Thursday.
AUSTRIAN MINISTER WOUNDED.
ARRIVED . AT TIENTSIN.
Mr. Elterich is the Presbyterian board's
member at Chef u. It was* thought that
the Presbyterian missionaries, at Pao
tingf u numbered . three, and that alto,
gether there were ten foreign missionar
ies at that place.
NEW YORK, Aug. IS.— The Presbyte
rian Board of Foreign Missions Jn this
city received the following cablegram to
day:
"CHEFU— Definite news via Tientsin.
Missionaries at Paotlngfu all killed.
"W. O. ELTERICH."
ALL MISSIONARIES AT
PAOTINGFU KILLED
Besembled Grover Cleveland. '
CHICAGO. Aug. IS.— Police Offlcer Ed
ward Colson, whose striking resemblance
to ex-President Cleveland earned for him
the sobriquet "Grover," died here to-day
as the result of a sunstroke August 6.
Revolutionists Surrender*
PANAMA. Aug. 18.— The Star and Her
ald has a dispatch from Buena Ventura
announcing advices received there from
Socorro, August 16, saying the revolu
tionary army under Vargas Santos, For
c'.on Soto and Uribe, the three Liberal
leaders, was surrendering at San Vin
cente.
Mining Man Killed.
DENVER. Aug. IS.— A special to th«
News from Saratoga, Wyo., fays: "George
Ferris-, principal owner of the celebrated
Fcrris-Haggerty mine, was killed to-day,
near Transfer, by being thrown from his
huggy.
Allied Mechanics Have Almost Come
to Terms, but the Boiler-Makers ,
Are Still Dissatisfied.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, August 15.— The
Canadian Pacific Railway strike is not
settled yet; in fact, a member of the gen
eral committee stated to-day that, al
though the allied mechanics had almost
come to terms, the boiler-maker6 and ma
chinists were as far from a settlement to
day a.m they were when thev went out.
It Is understood that some disagreement
has sprung up in regard to the wage
clause in the schedule. The men do not
look for a settlement for probably an
other -week.
CANADIAN PACIFIC
STRIKE STILL ON
Before the New Tear Several Millions
Must Be Sent to Egypt and
Argentina.
LONDON. Aug. 18.— The Statist In an
article reviewing the money market Eays:
Besides the £3.000,000 in gold attracted to'
the bask of England from America and
£200.000 from India, it haa bought a fur
ther £2,500.000 which will shortly arrive.
end an inflow of £500,000 from the United
Kingdom Is expected. Thus the bank will
eecure over £4,000,000 and may Bucceed In
raising the reserve at the end of the week
to £23,000,000. The outflow of caeh from
London to the country usually reached
£4,000.000. During the last four months of
the vear we may be called on to find sev
f ral millions of gold for Egypt and and
Argentina and there Is little prospect of
more gold from New York.
With a reserve of £23,000,000, we may.
have to meet a demand of elx or seven
million pounds. Hence, later it may be
necessary to take further measures for
attracting gold or for diverting Egyptian
end South African demands for gold to
Parts or New York. Under these drcum
fctances It will be evident that any easei
of the London market must be of a tem
porary nature. It should be clearly un
derstood that both New York and Paris
are In a position to withdraw a very large
r.raount of money frcm London If It does
rot pay to leave their balances here.
SUPPLY OF GOLD IN
ENGLAND INSUFFICIENT
Portland .Woman Perishes in Wreck.
PORTLAND, Or., Au« 18.— Word has
been "received here^that Mrs. iNIcoll. wife
of Captain David - Nlcoll * of.' the British
ship Sutherlandshire. ; perished • with thir
teen ; of ¦ the crew -when - that : vessel was
wrecked -on Sumatra, July 27. ' Mrs.' Nlcoll
was well known in this. city. - . . ;: •
Special Dispatch to The Call.- • „ •
VANCOUVER,' B.C., Aug. 18.— During
this ..week SCO." boxes of California" fruit
hav» been condemned by' Inspector Cun
ningham in- Vancouver. To-day. laiJ of
. these boxes were ordered : to be take^to
the crematory and : after ; this --all ship
ments affected by; the codlin moth . will
be destroyed. ;• It « was ; found by the 'in
spector here that most .-.of:.-, the fruit
condemned during the last year has been
afterward shipped to Alaska, where It is
easily disposed of without further Inspec
tion. '"Apples: and- pears are the "principal
fruits i 1 1 ft i i hit JUJj»Jil^llWiw!lMiiHyBtt|lli**M8
negotiations Regarding the Two Con
ventions -Which Resulted in the
Treaty of Peace With Spain.
SAN SEBASTIAN, Aug. 18.— Premier
Silvela has held a . conference ; with Bel
lamy Storer, the American Minister . to
Spain, regarding the two conventions re
sulting in the , treaty : of ; peace between
Spain and the United States. It 1b be.
lleved that the negotiations will be con
cluded to-day. - %
¦ ¦ ¦ • • .
Destroy Infected Fruit.
PREMIER SILVELA CONFERS
WITH BELLAMY STORER
ST. PAUL, Minn., Aug. 18.— An order
has been . received at Fort ! Snelllng- from
the War Department directing that the
Second Battalion of the Eighth Infantry
be sent from Fort Snelling to San Fran
cisco not later than September 6, whence
they are scheduled to sail on the trans
port Thomas September 16.
The Second Battalion "consists of four
companies. 12S enlisted men in each com
pany. The headquarters, staff and band
accompany ¦ this battalion, leaving but
three companies of the First Battalion to
garrison Fort Snelling.
SCHEDULED TO SAIL .
ON TRANSPORT THOMAS
Representatives Are Members of Paid
Department and May Not Com
pete for Prizes.
PARIS, Aug. 18.— The Kansas City flr-3
brigade has been disqualified tor securing
prizes at the international exhibition of
fire apparatus at Vlncennes on the ground
of professionalism, the staff being paid.
The men were permitted, however, to give
an exhibition.
As regards speed In preparing their ap
paratus for reaching the top of buildings
and the height and distance of projecting
water they outclassed all competitors.
KANSAS CITY FIRE
BRIGADE DISQUALIFIED
the Paris Exposition to-day, a drunken
waiter named Jacques Mara broke
through the line of culrrasslers surround
ing the Presidential carriage and ap
proached Its door.
There was a moment of intense excite
ment, but the man only threw an en
velope into the vehicle. It contained a
picture of his niece. The man's action
was pimply the result of a drink-de
ranged mind.
Excitement Created by the Actions
of a Drunken Waiter in
? Paris. .
PARIS. Aug. 18.-While President Lou
bet was on his way to the ceremonies at
FOUGHT HIS WAY TO
LOUBET'S CARRIAGE
by the anarchist Salson In Paris on Au
gust 2 was made yesterday on. the Shah
of Persia. Details of the assault are lack
ing.
The Echo de Paris publishes the' bare
statement from Ostend that an attempt
had been made upon the life of tho Shan,
edding that owing to the lateness of the
hour it was impossible to obtain confirma
tion of the report.
Attack Very Similar to That Made on
Him by Sal son at
Paris.
PARIS, Aug. 19.— The Siecle says a pri
vate telegram from Ostend states that an
attack similar in all points to that made
SHAH OF PERSIA
IS AGAIN ASSAILED
The Government Is arranging" to relieve
Lord Roberts in South Africa, deputing to
a general cf less consequence the vexa
tious work of running down the partisan
bands there. The present purpose, it Is
understood, is to recall Lord Roberts in
October, announcing then that the war as
a war is at an end. General Lord Wolse
l«jr will relinquish the port of commander
in chief of the army in October, and Lord
Roberts will almost certainly replace him.
All the barracks in the United Kingdom
are full of embodied militia. Temporary
wooden quarters have already been begun
at Alder8hot and elsewhere to house the
returning South African troops.
The Marquis of Londonderry, the Post
master General, has issued a hard and
fast order to postofflce clerks that "Esq."
ehall be used in the future in addresses to
all male correspondents, unless they are
evidently laborers, personal servants or
tradesmen. In cases of doubt the "Esq."
must he used. Depositors in postal sav
ings banks are not entitled to the "Esq "
Stoneyhum College has just sold for
£4000 a small Madonna painted by Ovelli.
Lady Arundel of Wardour bought the
painting some seventy years ago for £5
and presented it to the college.
Layton's "tuckshop.", beloved of Eton
boys for a hundred years, a little confec
tionery store, twenty by thirty feet, has
been sold at auction for £24,000.
Maybrick Case Revived.
The case of Mrp. Maybrick has been re
vived by an extraordinary attack upon the
late Baron Russell, Lord Chief Justice of
England, which has appeared in the col
umns of the Liverpool Post, owned by Ed
ward Russell. The Post declares that
Baron Rusf^U neglected the case, and
even failed to declare his personal con
viction of his client's innocence, saying:
"Which, had he done, despite the decrepit
Judge who presided. Mrs. Maybrick would
have been acquitted."
So extraordinary an attack on the dead
Chief Justice by so prominent a Journal
at once aroused Mrs. Maybrick's friends.
Dr. Clark Bell of New York, secretary and
former president of the Medico Legal So
ciety, hurried to London from Paris yes
terday and had a long consultation with
the United States Embassador, Joseph
Choate, who Is keenly Interested, and it
is understood he has promised to renew
his efforta to secure the prisoner's release
To a representative of the Associated
Press, Dr. Bell Bald:
"This is a most remarkable attack It
comes from no friend of Mrs. Maybrick
It is a great Injustice to Lord Russell!
Every Home Secretary and American Em
bassador in England since Mrs. May
brick's conviction knows Lord Russell
had absolute confidence In her innocence "
Lord Mowbray and Stourton's claim to
the earldom of Norfolk, held, by the Duke
of Norfolk, rests on the fact that he de
pcendcd from : the ¦ female line of the
Duke's family, which is nearer in blood
to the original ancestor than the male
line, from which the Duke is descended.
The claimant holds the ba*ynifls N of Mow
bray and Seagrave,on precisely similar
tenure. Lord Mowbray is the head of one
of flv« of the oldest families in England
one of the. titles dating back to 1233
Roberts to Be Recalled.
apj»ointed; the next <Jay every variety of
foreign commercial interest in Shanghai
cries cut in dismay, the Consuls revise
their views ar.d join in requesting their
Government to induce the British to land
for the security of Shanghai; the British
rail away; intimations are received at the
Foreign Office from France, Germany and
Austria that they are. quite willing that
the troops sjiould land; the troops are
pursued and brought back and the troops
are disembarked. The Foreign Office ex
presses the opinion that the business was
admirably worked.
LONDON, Aug. IS.— England is thor
oughly • irritated over the Government's
wtemtngly changeable cours2 respecting
the landing of troops at Shanghai. Even
the semblance of yielding to pressure by
the powers or the Chinese Viceroys is re
garded as impairing British prestige in
the East and in Europe. The papers, from
the Times down, are lecturing the Gov
ernment on its supposed vacillation and
faintheartedness. British troops, after
all, occupy the nerve centtr of the richest
region in China, which sustains 150,000,000
people, ar.d were landed with the consent
and approval of the powers. The Foreign
Office adjutants are bewildered at the ado
raised throughout the country by what
they consider an amusing little game of
Lord Salisbury ending to England's ad
vantage. It is explained thus to the As-
Epciated Press:
First, the formal announcement that
troops would be landed; then a five days'
wait in which the foreign Consuls ' at
Shanghai wagged their heads and wired
to their home Governments, mutterings of
disapproval on the Continent and the
stirring- up of Chinese opposition at
Shanghai; troops arrive at Shanghai and
the Viceroy resists their landing, saying
that France and Russia object; the Con
suls meet and several of them assert "if
the British land we will land troops, too";
Admiral Seymour, after , wiring London,
announces ihat-England withdraws, and
the troops do not land; a sailing hour is
Copyright, 1900, by Associated Press.
From South Africa and His Place
Taken by a General of Less
Importance.
Lord Roberts Will Soon Be Recalled
Caustic Comments on Course
Respiting Landing of
Troops at Shanghai.
BRITISH PRESS
FREELY CENSURES
GOVERNMENT
Texas Fever Serum.
A discovery of much Interest to those
Who lose thousands yearly owing to the
cattle pest has been communicated to the
Academy of Medicine by M. Linniere, one
of the leading scientists on veterinary
subjects. He claims to be able to preserve
animals from Texas fever by producing
the disease In serum from animals which
have been previously attacked, thus at
tenuating the virulence and obtaining a
vaccine virus with which to inoculate and
protect cattle against fever.
The strike of the cabmen, which it was
thought would be ended by the Interven
tion of M. Waldeck-Rousseau, the Pre
mier, to whom the drivers appealed to act
as mediator, still continues. M." Waldeck-
Rousseau willingly agreed to accept the
responsibility, but on condition that both
sides should abide by his decision. This
the companies declined to do. The driv
ers are now out with/ an appeal to- the
public and are visiting various municipal
headquarters in an effort to arouse pub
lic interest. Thus far the effort has not
been a brilliant success- -There are 4000
strikers, though the Inconvenience to the
public has not been noticeable.
The fours and eights of the Vesper Boat
Club of Philadelphia are to be seen dally
on the Seine working hard in preparation
for the regatta which is fixed for Au
gust 25. *mnff*€PBHfi
On Friday United States Commissioner
Peck was the author of an international
courtesy which is highly appreciated. He
was received at the foreign Office; and
there, after brief formalities, presented to
M. Delcasse. the Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, a souvenir commemorative of the
accord between the two nations and : a
token of gratitude for the attitude of the
Foreign Qm"ce toward the commission/
• The national pavilion is now utilized for
concerts, given three days each week, 1 , for
which American artists make up the pro
gramme. Major B. C. ;, Truman ; of ¦'. Los
Angeles and C. L>. P. Marais of San Fran
cisco have been appointed delegates to the
International" Petroleum" Congress- to be
held, here on August 20. Both will read
papers on "Petroleum in Southern Cali
fornia.", :
"The inhabitants of Clermont wish to
expreps to General Porter an acknowledg
ment of their respectful sympathy with
his nation and with him personally, and
to make declaration of that deep gratitude
for the prominent part he took in the suc
cess of their first fete, in assisting at their
banquet and speaking with eloquence and
such lofty sentiments as leave in the
hearts of those who heard him a profound
and durable souvenir.
"The Jnhabitants of Clermont' salute
GenerarPorter upon his departure, saying
to him not adieu, but au revoir."
United States Embassador Porter's par
ticipation in the fete in I the village of
Clermont recently was the occasion of
quite a Franco-American" demonstration.
It was the lirst time an American Embas
sador had ever visited the place. Just be
fore the departure of General Porter's
train for Paris a large delegation of na
tlvesAislted him and presented him with
tbclollowing memorial, signed by 160 citi
zens:
Doubtless there will be struggles for in
dependence on the part of the tribes, but
one is able to foresee the day when these
nomads will be forced to follow the fate
of others.
The occupation of Adrar, the principal
city of the Touat oasis of North Africa,
by General Serviere Is considered a suc
cess for the French arms of no little im
portance. General Serviere has now com
plete possession of three groups of Sa
haran oases, and this has been accom
plished without striking a blow, and It
would appear that the French are masters
of the region stretching between Algeria,
Tunisia. Tripoli and Morocco.
Success in North Africa.
"England has not been unmindful of the
close accord in which the events of the
last two months, by associations, social
and commercial, between the French and
American republics, through the Wash
ington and Lafayette monuments and the
visitors to the exposition, have brought
the two'sister republics," said a prominent
official, '.'and she is now using the same
methods pursued during the Spanish war
to turn aside this sentiment and Influence
American public opinion to the belief that
England Is the greatest friend' America
has aniong the European powers."
The annual reunion of Imperialists- and
royalists, which occurred on Wednesday
last, should not arouse great anxiety, for
the safety of the republic because of the
character of these meetings. The impe
rialists themselves divided into two
groups, holding separate banquets, one of
which drunk the health of l»uis Bona
parte and sent a message of homage to
ex-Empress Eugenie, while the other was
completely devoted to Victor Napoleon.
La Patrle goes even further, announc
ing: "The powers havp after all two
struggles to sustain— one open, against
the Chinese; the other, entirely secret
against England. One scarcely knows
which predominates, the duplicity of the
Chinese or the duplicity of England."
This, however, is not alone the source of
resentment against what most Frenchmen
consider their perennial foe — England— for
ofllcial circles credit her, by news dis
patches originating from an English
source, with an effort to belittle the valor
and courage of the French soldiers and
marines in China, accusing them of cow
ardice.
Secret Warfare.
The Figaro, speaking of this, says:
"England in wishing to operate alone, on
the Vangtse seems to desire to return to
the policy of spheres of Influence, thus
tripping at the theory of the 'open door,'
which lately she was defending ardently.
It is even stated that her course cast
suspicion upon the genuineness of Eng
land's attitude regarding the "open door"
policy, for had England been left in pos
session of the port of Shanghai and in
control of the rich resources of the Yang
tze Valley she easily could have been sat
isfied with her position, whether or not
the remainder of the powers secured com*
mercial privileges in the Oriental empire.
'PATUS, Aug. IS.— England's decision not
to land troops In Shanghai when con
vinced that tne other powers would follow
her example la considered here as not
masking her real intention as to China
as being one of selfish interests. Her in
tended independent action created not a
little criticism, but now that it has been
checked official circles silently grin at
what Is regarded as a rebuff.
Co-iyricht. 1900, by the Associated Press.
Great Britain Alleged to Be Doing All
in Her Power to Break Up Friend
ly Relations Between France
and America.
Independent Action Regard
ing China Generally
Criticized.
FRENCH LOOK
UPON ENGLAND
WITH SUSPICION
BERLIN, Aug. IS.— The flight of the
Dowager Empress and the disappearance
of the Emperor of China is hf-re regarded
es of much greater and more lasting im
portance than th<> more taking of Peking,
end the complications resulting there
from are s=pec\l atlvely diFcusped, by the
press and in political circles. Tb« "over
whelming opinion is that since all the
powers have agre-ed to instaJl a strong
central government at Peking, it becomes
necessary first to destroy or at least ron
cer harmless the fugitive Gov*rnmont,
Which Is responsible for the whole Chi
nese eruption. Therefore, it is claimed.
Jt is necessary to follow and capture the
fugitives. T!:is prot<ably trill call for the
employment of large additional forces be
sides those which are now in China.
Surmises as to the Future.
Surmises as to whether the United
States, <Jroat Britain end Japan will also
t-hare their influence or leave the burden
to Russia, France and above all. to Ger
many, ftll the p&ix^rp to-day. The* Ger
man Government adheres to the view
ihnt perfect harmony prevails among the
l*owers regarding immediate action in
<'h:na. A number of papers express deep
<iif=satif=faeiion with the ifrnorlnjy of the
Relcbstas and the whole of the Emperor's
china policy, declariliR it far exceeds the
limits laid down by Count von Bulow. the
Ministrr of Foreign Affairs, in his circu
jar to the rulinp Prinves cf Germany.
At Emperor Williams dinner to Field
Marshal Count ran Walaersee last even
ins: at \Vi!lK'hnrho!:e. the situation was
difcuFFcfi between hi* Majesty and Von
WaJdtrreo. Prince Muen5ter-Dorneburp.
l>r. LucamuF. the chi«*f of the Emperors
Civil Cabinet; Admiral Diedorich and
Colonel BtubeL
Herr von lirandt. a former Minister to
China. !n the missionary organ. Chri
fsenche Welt, puts the largest amount of
blame for the Chinese outbreak on the
missionaries, citing a ma?! of evidence
in support of his assertions. He says:
"Two-thir£s cf the work of the lega
tions and consulates in China had been
occasioned by the complaints, demands
and claims of missionaries."
Austrians and Germans.
The Militar Woehenblatt calls attention
to the fact that the Austrian and Ger
mans, for the first time since IS54. fi%;nt
together in China. A majority of tfce pa
pers praise Austria as "the steadfast, un
imp^Achable ally of Germany."
The naval maneuvers this year are of
special interest, because part of them,
from September 10 until September 14,
¦will be in conjunction with the. army.
The coming: week will be devoted to ex
ercises and nightly torpedo-boat attacks
in the North Sea.
From a number of letters published in
the papers it appears that the situation
In Samoa is rather unsatisfactory. The
Governor, because, it is claimed,* he was
doing Justice to Tanu and his party, was
severely blamed by the Mataafa party.
Ceaseless dissensions followea, though
barely any actual hostilities occurred.
The Vorwaerts says a 'Socialist national
convention has been arranged for Sep
tember 17 at Mayence.
Copyrlgbtea. 1900. by the Associate Tress.
Eewspapers of the Fatherland Sur
mising as to the Future Policy
of the United States, Great
Britain and Japan.
Germans Not Yet Ready to
Withdraw From China
by Any Means.
WOULD FOLLOW
AND CAPTURE
THE FUGITIVES
The Minister of Commerce, M. Mlller
and, visited the scene and President Lou
bet sent General Dubols to represent him.
Just before 11 o'clock some one passing
over from the direction of the. Champs de
i«iar3 shouted "it creaks," and although
there was no justification of the cry. it
was repeated by the crowd, causing a
panic. Through the pressure of the crowd
on the Invalides side thirty persons were
precipitated to the roadway, three yards
below. • Two of these were killed. Most
of the victims were women.
PARIS, Aug. 18.— A second serious acci
dent has happened 'at the exposition. It
occurred, unlike the first when many were
killed or- injured, through the falling of
a foot-bridge, near the celestial globe,
amid a scene of general rejoicing. The
first was on an ordinary Sunday after
noon; the latter upon the occasion of the
most successful fete given, casting a deep
gloom over the city. It had been decided
to give a night fete befitting the day
when the prizes were distributed and con
sequently all the buildings were brilliantly
illuminated. All the Paris Exposition was
crowded, Including the bridges, Joining
one part with the other, and it was one
of these wooden structures — that Joining
the Invalldes to the Italian Pavilion— that
the accident happened.
It was rumored at first that the bridge
had fallen, but it was found that this was
not absolutely correct, as only the hand
rail on one Fide had given way under the
following circumstances:
Handrail on Bridge Connecting In
valides With Italian Pavilion Col
lapses, Precipitating Many to.
the Ground.
Fatal Accident Mars Festivi
ties After Presentation
of Awards.
TWO KILLED
AT THE PARIS
EXPOSITION
Aug. 18.— The State De
partment^ to-day ¦» gave '- out ~ a.% treaty be
tween i the -United . States and ; Great '¦ Brit
ain relating to the tenure and disposition
of ¦ real • and personal property. -The ! in
strument: was signed last year, but ratifi
cations > were : not : exchanged until last
New Treaty : v With ; England.
CHICAGO, Aug. : 18.— Major - .Davidson,
who left Fort Sheridan on July 19 with an
automobile '.battery, carrying, a message
to General Miles at Washington, returned
on a passenger train'; to Chicago to-day.
The object of the trip was to demonstrate
the; usefulness of the automobile in war.
Major Davidson has been for the- last
month , in the sandhills ; of Northern In
diana awaiting new tires. •
Davidson's Trip a Failure.
MAHANBT CITT, Pa., Aug. IS.— Three
men and J sixty mules ' are imprisoned In
slope* No. 3 of the Lehlgh Valley Com
pany's Primrose colliery, which has been
burning since last .night. Owing to the
impossibility- of access the fire has ' as
sumed vast proportions and will entail a
heavy loss. : It may be necessary to flood
the mines. -which would result In the sus
pension of operations for. a' year.
Imprisoned in a Mine.
Fine Bains in Arizona.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Aug. 13.— Heavy, rains
in Yavapal County yesterday and last
night have fed the streams tributary to
the Salt River to such an extent that
.three inches is running over the dam at
the head of the Arizona canal, giving a
flow of 25,000 Inches, a supply of Inestima
ble value to the Salt River Valley. Light
rains have fallen in the past few weeks
but not sufficient to do permanent good to
irrigation. This rise, however, will pro
vide enough water against further
drought this season. Reports from vari
ous parts of the Territory tell of general
heavy rains.
Boring for Oil at South Antioch.
Special Dispatch to The Call, . —
ANTIOCH. Aug. 18.-The people In this
vicinity took a holiday to-day,- going n?
to thejlarry Sorjrenfrey ranch, at Soni^
Antioch, where Thomas Gilbert of NtA*
Tide Water Oil Syndicate has erected a
derrick and commenced to bore for oil this
afternoon. There are many indications oil
will be found, and not at a great depth
either, although the well will be sunk SCO
feet, and if necessary 0200.
Had Driven the Assassin From His
Store for Insulting a
Saleswoman.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. IS.— A special ta
the Sentinel from Rhinelahder, Wis w
says: William W. Fenelon was shot at
the Rapids House office to-night by a
young man named J. B. Robbins; a sales
man for a Chicago crockery house." About
8 o'clock Robbins entered Fenelon & Co.'s
store and made a small purchase from
one of the women clerks, and made a re
quest that she meet him after she left
the store, which was resented.
Mr. Fenelon, hearing the -request, drove
Robbins out of the store and pursued him
to within a block of the Kapids House.
Robbins ran to the hotel and is said to
have gone to his room and procured a re
volver. After . closing up Mr. Fenelon
went to the hotel. As he entered the of
fice Robbins Immediately fired, killing
him Instantly. Robbins was arrested.
WISCONSIN MERCHANT
SHOT BY A YOUNG MAN
An official of the Carnegie Company,
who furnished this information to a Post
reporter yesterday, was asked why the
two big concerns were willing to permit
the Company to enter the field
which they had monopolized so long. The
reply came that it was simply a question
of policy in order to expedite the letting
of contracts.- It would be better to divide
the contract among three concerns than
to have a long drawn out discussion .as
to who was the lowest bidder hinging on
the' time limit for deliveries and finally
a rejection of all bids and a possible
move to erect a Government armor plate
plant. -•«¦ •> ' - ¦ v • • ¦ ¦
When asked if there was any likelihood
of the Midville Company being ths suc
cessful bidder for, all the .: work, the re
ply came that there was no doubt that
Secretary Long was willing to give them
the contract, but that company could not
undertake to deliver the heavy armor in
anything ' like a reasonable time, so It
was -, the best ¦ plan for all concerned to
make three divisions of the job.
This will be due to an agreement with
the two other companies- in order that
the Midville concern may not again enter
the race as a formidable competitor of
the Carnegie and Bethlehem companies
for the heavy or Krupplzed armor plate.
The Midville Company, in other words,
is to be permitted to secure without op
position the contract for making the
lighter : plates, known as class C and a
portion of class B. This, however, is con
tingent upon the Midville Company being
prepared to reduce the time for the de
livery of the armor contracted for below
twenty-six • months, which was the limit
fixed in that corporation's last bid, and
also for it to be satisfied with less than
20,000 tons as its order. .
This suggestion has been informally
made by the other • companies to their
competitor, and it. is likely the Midville
Company may accept.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 18.— The Post to
morrow will say: The new bids for sup
plying armor plate to the Government
will be opened by the Secretary of the
Navy the first week of October. There
will be three bidders as before, and it
is almost certain that the Midville Steel
Company will receive a .. portion ' of the
work in case the Secretary decides to let
the contract. . - '
Midville Company to Be Awarded the
Lighter Grades, While Carnegie
and Bethlehem Companies
Will Make Heavy.
T.'Vontofsky, Vice Minister of Justice of
Russia', arrived In San Frand3co Friday
on his way home to St. Petersburg. Hs
has been on a tour of Inspection in
Siberia, and intended returning homo
by way of the trans-Siberian railway, but
affairs in China and the corresponding
movements of troop3 and supplies In Rus
sia caused him to change his route. He is
greatly interested in the affairs of this
country and its remarkable progress and
is very much pleased at the opportunity
afforded him to observe Its people.
The trans-Siberian railway, he said, was
a great success and would develop into- an
extensive affair. The revenues so far from
the traffic were a source of great pleasure
to his Government.
"The movement of so .many troops in
the Orient." said Mr. Vontofsky, "will
prove of great benefit to this port, neces
sitating as it will the purchase of a large
amount of supplies here."
Mr. Vontofsky declined to discuss af
fairs in China, as in his opinion that Is a
subject that should be left in the hands cf
the diplomats. Not having been In China
he did not consider It good policy to talk
Mr. Vontofsky is accompanied by his
two secretaries.
On His Way to Si Peters!
burg From Tour of In
spection of Siberia.
v '
Thinks San Francisco Will Be Greatly!
Benefited by Purchase of Sup
plies Here for Foreign
Troops.
Work Will Probably 'Be
Divided Among Three
Firms.
AGREEMENT ON
CONTRACTS FOR
ARMOR PLATE
Senator Bard Receives $350,000 for
His Tract of Land in Ventura.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 13.— The deal
whereby the oil lands of Senator Bard
In Ventura County pass Into the hands of
a syndicate of Los Angeles capitalists has
been closed. The price paid for the prop
erty was $350,000. Mr. Bard is a member
of the syndicate which now owns the
property, and the other members of the
association are among the largest oil pro
ducers of this part of the State.- Arrange
ments for the development of the prop
erty will be made on a scale proportionate
to the magnitude of the enterprise. Thl3
is the largest sale of oil lands that has
been made south of the Tehachapi.
Garcia Eeady to Return.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 18.— The State De
partment to-day received a dispatch from
Embassador Porter at Paris stating that
Jose Castro Garcia, the fugitive from jus
tice from Porto Rico, had landed at
Havre.' had confessed to the charge of
embezzling public funds and had con
sented to extradition. The American au
thorities have been on the outlook for
Garcia for some time. He was one of the
tax officers of Porto Rico.' and after the
American occupation disappeared.
Private Chester Boakes, Convicted of
Desertion, Sentenced to Forty
Years' Imprisonment.
WASHINGTON, Aug. IS.— The flagship
Newark, having on board Rear Admiral
Kempff, arrived at Cavite, Philippine
Islands, to-day from Taku.
Private Chester A. Boakes of the Fourth
Infantry was convicted by a court-martial
at Imus, P. I., of deserting in the face of
the enemy and of Joining the force of the
enemy, and also of advising other soldiers
to desert. He was sentenced to be dis
honorably discharged from the service of
the United States army, forfeiting all pay
and allowances due. or to become due, and
to be confined at hard labor for a period
of forty years. General MacArthur ap
proved the sentence.
¦_. The War Department has been notified
by General MacArthur of the arrival of
the transport Grant at Manila August 17.
The Grant took the Sixth Cavalry to
X hll l?L2P d , then proceeded on her way to
the Philippines.
BIG DEAL COMPLETE.
REAR ADMIRAL KEMPFF .
ARRIVES AT CAVITE
CARACAS, Venezuela, Aug. IS.— Ral-'
mundo Andueza Palacio, former President
of Venezuela, is dead from apoplexy. He
was once Minister of the Interior also.
Raimundo Andueza Falacio.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J.. Aug. 18.—Jus
tice Frederick Smythe of New York died
here to-day of pneumonia, after a brief
nines sjwtttatKaa&ieBmBiaata&Ma&>s^: • .
Frederick Smythe.
L.ATTONVILLE, Aug. 18.— E. R. Shim
mln, a well-known pioneer wool-grower. i9
dead of heart failure at his home near
"Willlts. The deceased was aged 76, was a
native of the Isle of Man and came to
California in 1S50. He leaves a widow and
a grown son. A brother of the deceased
is a well-known millionaire manufacturer
of Chicago. Mr. Shimmin leaves a val
uable estate. "
E. R. Shimmin.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 11-James Henry
Thompson died to-day at the home of his
parents, near Soquel. He was a profes
sional singer, known as Enrico Tomaso.
and years ago was a deputy In the Secre
tary of State's office at Sacramento.
Having an unusually good voice Thomp
son abandoned the study of law and went
to Milan, Italy, where he studied music
for several years. On returning to this
country he joined the McCall Opera Com
pany. Later he became a member of
Cleveland's minstrels. Before he was
taken 111 he had a large music class In
Sacramento. Thompson was born here
forty-three years aeo.
James Henry Thompson.
month. It is a long document of seven
articles and provides In detail the manner
of distributing the property of deceased
citizens of either country who die in the
other country.
&he &ay 9 s £)ead
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY^ AUGUST 19, 1900.
22
NEWS OF FOREIGN LANDS
BY CABLE TO
THE CALL.
VICE MINISTER
OF JUSTICE OF
RUSSIA HERE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
«^"*^ : *^" r*s. "¦^5"--.""-*r?l|ig3c*a5i \wVV\\. V Peruna should be taken in tablespoonful
£— -""^^ — -g^ :^*5*- vVVvv-^ X vX 1 "^ doses <=ix times' ench day: or. if more con-
~ ~^^"^ ~ J^^L~i~ljI~ . ¦/... \^ venlent, two tableppoonfuls three tirne3
s^/%44&4' ' ./^•*^~S=___ ===^^^^^^^^^^^'^^ :^^^^>^ strikes at once at tho very root of the
HON. JOHN T. SHEAHAN. <^- < W^ * 4i3p
Hon. John T. Sheahan, who has been for seventeen years manager of Marshall ji Jg
Field & Co.'s wholesale warehouse, and. is corporal Second Regiment Infantry. I. as>v vS^ l %j
N. G., writes the following letter from 3752 Indiana avenue, Flat Six, Chicago, 111.: s^glfer-^Jilli^S^ W
Gentlemen— "Last summer I caught a cold which seemed to
settle in my kidneys and affected them badly. I tried a couple of
kidney remedies largely advertised, but they did not help me any. ~^^^^^^^^^^&
One of my foremen told me' of the great help he had received in N 5§§gi**^X^i
using Peruna in a similar case, and I at once procured some. Major t. h. m«s.
4 7f was indeed a blessing to me, as I am on my feet a large Major t. h. Mars, of the First wiscon-
part of the day, trouble such as / had affected me seriously, but four g2 n £ n ;HSea™^cw e °aw??iL?th?Snow?
bottles of Peruna cured me entirely and I would not be without it for ins letter:
three months salary." Yours truly, John T. Sheahan. ''for years I suffered with Catarrh
' J _ of the kidneys contracted in the army.
Mr. Jacob Fieig writes from 44 Sumner f,ve years, thanks io your wonderful Mgd / c / ne did not help me any until a
avenue, Brooklyn, N. Y.: VI had been r a m atlv , m j l l j t l t jl b
suffering with catarrh' for many years T ™ ,, °J' I can lankly recommend It to comrade who had been helped by Pe-
after my discharge from the United & %l Ut X ,£ e J%£j, atarrh - , e _, runa advised me to try it. I bought
medicines and doctors. I spent a large J2™" h ' wltho > ut P»vlous warning, relief. I kept taking it for foui%
amount of money trying to be cured, but sfrengTh^VoTi^ 9 ' EEed months, and I am now well and^
com^adrof-mTG d A. I R W posft1 S try b Pet a^V^tn * f ™9 <""* f °°' b^ er iha " ' £3
runa. I did, and after using it for eight evacuation. My kidneys soon became in- done for the past twenty years,
weeks I found myself wholly cured. / am fS V voiiln°^ h ?l»eSbfe^Uer* gall" Wtth * hanks io P^una." T. H. Mars, t
now a new man at the age of seventy- that it a tJ^ a a Ti a3^,^ trenKth e i Ehauste<l so a book on catarrh sent free by T*»
j j tnat it tooK all my energy to even get peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, O.• ¦.-"-¦.-¦¦. . . . . ¦ *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY; ilJGrlJST 19, 1900.
- . - ¦
Jury Finds Former State Secre
tary Guilty of Being Accessory
to Goebel's Murder/
LIFE IMPRISONMENT
FOR CALEB POWERS
NEW- YORK. Aug. 18.— Senator Scott,
at Republican national headquarters, said
that the change ' In- Roosevelt's Itinerary
was - caused ">by eliminating - one of i the
dates in Chicago and substituting another
date. The Chicago 'people did not want
Roosevelt to speak on - September 3 ¦ and
10, as the .dates were too close together.
This will allow \ Roosevelt ; to speak -. in
Deadwood. S.-D. The cancellation of one
of ; Roosevelt's dates in- Chicago; allowing
him , to go .west ! September 3 ? may. change
other dates, but no places ..will , be i elim
inated. On his return 'Roosevelt will
speak in Chicago some time in October.
CAUSE OF CHANGES IN.
ROOSEVELT'S ITINERARY
LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. 18.— Secretary of
State Porter has decided that the " Free
Silver Republicans and the Middle-of-the-
Koad Populists may have .' a place on the
official ballot this fall under the names
quoted. The Republican County Commit
tee objected, to the Free Silver Republi
cans-using the name .Republican- 'and
Vice Chairman Edminston of. the People's
party National Committee objected to
the use of the word Populist by theMid
dle-of-the-Road men because his party
has been commonly, known as.the:Popu
list party. The objections of both protest-
Ing parties were overruled. ;
MAY HAVE A PLACE
, ON NEBRASKA'S TICKET
TOPEKA, -Kans., Aug. 18.— Chairman
Kidgeley of the Populist State Commit,
tee to-day received a telegram, making a
slight change In the itinerary of Bryan's
trip to. Topeka, from that heretofore an
nounced. Mr. Bryan will speak In Falls
City, Nebr., on the evening of the 22d,
and arrive in Topeka at 10:30 a. m. Au
gust 23, coming by way of Atchlson.
The Topeka city troop will escort Mr.
Bryan to the National Hotel, where, a
reception will be held. The northwestern
corner of the State House grounds has
been selected for the notification meet-
Ing, and a large stand is being erected
there. Chief Justice Doster of the Su
preme Court will preside and deliver- a
brief . introductory address. He will be
followed by T. M. Patterson of Colorado,
who will make the formal notification ad
dress. Tho meeting will begin at 4
o'clock.
CHANGE IN ITINERARY
OF BRYAN'S TRIP
Expected a Hung Jury.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Aug. 18.— Senator
Blackburn stopped here on his way home
between trains when he heard of the Pow
ers verdict. On being told of the sentence
he exclaimed: "Thank God for that. I
had expected a hung jury. I believed
three men on that Jury; at least would
hang It." ,
Ship Ilala Disabled.
LONDON. Aug. 18.— The British ship
Ila'.a. Captain Thorburn, from London,
June*8, for Vancouver, B. C, has put Into
Montevideo disabled. . She lost her fore
topmast and maintopmast in a gale.
LINCOLN. Aug. IS.— Mr. Bryan spent
the day in the preparation of his Topeka
sDeech. He went to his farm, a few miles
outside of this city, early in the day so as
to avoid interruptions and put in his time
dictating to a stenographer. The Topeka
pneech will not deal with one particular
tonic as the Indianapolis speech did. but
will cover various subjects.
BRYAN SPENDS A
QUIET DAY AT LINCOLN
CHICAGO. Aug. 18.— The following was
issued to-day:
To the Democrats of the United States:
In order that the fight for the rescue. of
the country from Republican policies may
be carried on everywhere with vigor and
earnestness, we urge all citizens through
out the United States who are willing to
support the Kansas City platform to
meet in their respective communities on
Saturday afternoon or evening, Septem
ber 1, 1900, for the purpose of organizing
city or precinct Democratic clubs, where
such clubs have not already been organ
ized. The organizations, being Demo
cratic should avoid ostentation and ex
travagance. The fight must be carried on
by American citizens on American prin
ciples and there should be no delay in
pressing club organization.
When organized the secretary should
send to W. R. Hearst. 1370 Broadway,
New York City, the name of the club,
roster of officers, . date of organization
and number cumbers. j ;
/TDLAI E. STEVENSON.
JAMES K. JONES.
W. K. HEARST.
President National Association of Demo
cratic clubs. ¦ : ::$£8
CALL FOR ORGANIZATION
OF DEMOCRATIC CLUBS
Cyclone in South Dakota.
PIERRE. S. D., Aug. 18— A telephone
rncssape from Harro'.d. thirty miles east
of here, says a cyclone struck there about
li o'clock In the afternoon destroying the
Vandusen elevator and several smaller
building's. No one was Injured.
Lowlands Flooded.
DES MOINI3S. Iowa. Aug. 18.— The ex
trrmely heavy rainfall in all parts of
Iowa in the last four days has become
a serious menace to crops. The total rain
fall in this vicinity has been 6.7 lnchea.
The average rainfall in the State in the
last four <lays is over G inches. The Des
Z\Ioines River has risen ten feet. The- low
lends are flooded and many bridges have
been swept away.
BT. LOUIS, Aug. 18.— Ira A. Young has
etartPd for Portland, Or., to bring to this
City Roland Quentin, arrested on a chargo
cf emb«:zlinjr J20.O0O from the Eagle Boat
Store Company of St. Louis.
Mr. Young carries a requisition on the
Governor of Oregon for the return of
Quentin to Mirsouri to stand trial.
Ouentin has bf-en a fugitive since last
f.ill. The warrant was issued against
him four months ag-o.
17111 Extradite Quentin.
Chief Hazen was interviewed at his of
fice in the Federal building to-day. He
refused to give the technical charge on
which Maresca and Guido imre detained.
He further said that Maresca is a typical
anarchist. A number of papers In Ital
ian were found on the two men and have
been turned over to the Commissioner.
Captain Howard, supervising inspector of
the contract labor bureau, has charge of
the suspects during the absence of Im
migration Commissioner Fitchie and Dep
uty Commissioner Sweeny. Captain How
ard refused to allow any one to see the
prisoneds. Maresca and Guldo spent
Thursday and Ffiday nights on the Nar
racansett. which is moored off Ellis
Island. Yesterday they were kept in the
detention penitentiary in the barge of
fice
About 10 o'clock Antonio Guido, who
savs he is a brother of, the detained Gui
do*, and who lives in this city, called at
the barge office, accompanied by a law
yer, and asked to see his brother, but
Chief Hazen Silent.
Captain McCluskey of the New York
detective bureau was warned to keep the
matter quiet at all hazards. Detective
Petrosino. who was called in to assist
Hazen on the case, received special or
ders as to secrecy. So very quiet were
all these officers that Assistant Secretary
Taylor of the Treasury Department, who
has full authority in Immigration mat
ters, did not learn of the detention of
the men until to-day. As late as Thurs
day afternoon Immigration Commissioner
Powderly wired ordering that the men be
eecretly held until evidence was for
warded from Washington.
Secretary Taylor said to-day that this
evidence will probably be intimated to
him on his return. These things all indi
cate that the case is deemed of supreme
importance and that the Government is
exerting itself to the uttermost to keep
every move of the detectives and other
agents from becoming known.
NEW YORK. Aug. 18.— It has leaked
out that the administration itself
has undoubtedly been responsible
for the extraordinary pains taken
to keep secret the detention of Mi
chel Guido and Natalie Maresca, sup
posed to be anarchists sent here from
Naples to carry out a plot to assassinate
President McKinley. Chief Hazen, who
arrested the men. was Instructed from
Washington to make no statement to the
newspapers regarding the case. Chief
Wilkie in Washington has gone to the
length of declaring that he never author
ized any statement even to the effect that
the men are anarchists. Immigration
Commissioner Fitchie was especially cau
tioned from Washington to keep news-
I-apers from getting an inkling of the de
tention of the Immigrants.
Eseclal Dispatch to The Call.
Prisoner's Brother Talks.
PRESIDENT WILLIAM *McKINLET. AGAINST WHOSE LIFE ANARCH- T
ISTS ARE SAID TO BE PLOTTING. T
permission was refused until the two de
tained men had been before the Board of
Special Inquiry, which will meet to-day.
Antonio made the following statement:
"My brother, father, mother, sister and
myself all lived at Sorrento, near Naples,
until four months ago. My brother and
I had been soldiers in the Italian navy.
When I came to America four months
ago he was in the navy. I did not expect
him on this boat, although I knew he in
tended following me to America. I do
not believe he ever belonged to any an
archist, socialist, political or secret so
ciety. He was never imprisoned nor ar
rested to my knowledge. We have no
relatives In this country, except an uncle
in this city. I am positive my brother
knows no anarchist in Paterson or New
York."
Guiseppe Costa, supposed to be one of
the anarchists who is detained on the
Narragansett. jumped from that ship last
night and remained in the water until
rriorning. At daybreak, thoroughly ex
hausted, he went ashore on Bedloes Isl
and, and was found naked and: uncon."
scious by a captain of an excursion boat.
Costa said he had come over as a stow
away on the Gallia. He was detained at
the barge office.
Chief Wilkie's Statement.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 18.— Chief "Wilkie
of the secret service emphatically denies
the sensational stories that have been
printed about Natalie Maresca and Michel
Guido and their alleged plot to kill Presi
dent McKinley.
Acqordlng to the Immigration officials
Maresca and Guldo are being held by
the immigration. officers at New York at
the request of Chief Hazen of the secret
service. Immigration officials have no in
formation about the men except that
which came from the secret service men.
Chief Wilkie's statement of this evi
dence Is that on August 2 he received a
cablegram from Naples saying that an
anonymous letter contained information
that Maresca was coming to the United
States to kill the President. This was
followed by another cablegram confirming
the suspicion that the letter had been
written for the purpose of harming Ma
resca,
Chief Wilkle at once instituted an inves
tigation by cable. He was unable to learn
that Maresca was in any way connected
with any anarchist society nor could he
obtain any evidence that he was coming
to the United States with' the intention
of harming the President. He did learn,
however, that llaresca was a former con
vict. As persons who have been con :
victed of crime are not permitted to enter
the United States the immigration officials
were notified and were requested to de
port Maresca.
Guido's case is altogether different.
There is no evidence against him of any
kind whatever, except that he was an
associate of Maresca, but It is probable
that he can be excluded.
The prosecution tried to connect Com
mandant General Botha, with the oTCalr.
Cordua additted that at the suggestion
of Gano he and Gano started out with
the object of visiting Botha, but were
both captured and sent back. The evi
dence, though inconclusive, appeared to
ehow that Cordua had some communica
tion with Botha, although Cordua denied
it. Several witnesses testified that Cor
dua had been drinking hea\"ily of late.
IX>\J11EX.Z,O MAliQL'KS. Aug. IS.— The
Portuguese gunboat El Liberal recently
discovered two barges loaded with war
ammunition towed by a steam launch up
Temba liiver and captured their owners.
The destination of the barges is unknown.
CAPi; TOWN. Aug. is.— The United
States Consul, James G. Stowe, says that
¦r hen he left Johannesburg there was only
throe days' meat supply ahead and other
food was scant, all the transport facili
ties being required to feed the army. Be
fides this the rolling Block was worn and
the resumption of mining, therefore, is
impoi=sib!e at present.
LOXDOX, Aug. Is. — Lord Roberts re
ports that Colonel Hare, who was be
tieged at Elands River and has Just been
relieved by Lord Kitchener, lost ftvelve
men kiilo<l and forty-eight wounded, in
cluding- Lieutenant Colonel de Lisle.
NEW YORK. Aug. 18.— A Epecial cable
to the Journal fmm Delagoa Bay says
that according to Boer reports there Gen
r-ral de Wet has turned on the British,
defeated them ar.d captured 4000 men.
PRETORIA. Aug. 18.— The trial of Lieu
tenant Conlua of the Staats Artillery,
charged "with being concerned In the plot
to kidnap Lord Roberts, was continued
to-day. The prisoner admitted his im
plication, but declared that he was per
euaded to Join the conspiracy by a r"°n
named G-ano, who was the originator of
the plot and who professed to nave been
in the British secret service, but wanted
to assist the Boers.
PRETORIA. An*. li-General
De-wet appeared yesterday at North.
Commando Nek, held by General
Baden-Powell, and e«nt In a flag of,
truce, asking the surrender of the
British force. General Baden-Pow
ell replied asking' what terras De
wet was prepared to offer.
Dewet is evidently moving east
irartL
Lord Roberts Is issnlngr new. se
vere and rigorous 1 orders, rescind
ing tt» ones previously issued.
Obnsol Stowa Says Tliat Food la
Scarce at Johannesburg and
Boiling Stock Is Badly
"Worn.
Ineffectual Effort Is Made
taXJonnect Botha With
the Affair.
CORDUA TELLS
OFTHE PLOT TO
TAKE ROBERTS
', DOERUN, ; Ga.i Aug.' 18.-^-A "mob entered
the .'Jail', here * last ; night : and • took "out 'Bill
Carter.-colored, 1 and riddled his body. with
bullets. > Carter; was charged ' with; "at
tempted" assault on a white • woman. As
soon - as ! captured Carter confessed. :; :
Mob Kills a Negro.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 18.— Three lead-
Ing hotels of this city, the Chittenden , ' the
Great ' Southern . and j the f Neil ; v which , have
been "operated •• for some '•, time . by • - the
Columbus ' Hotel ; Company,- were - to-day
placed In the nands of receivers. -The ap
plication was made by. creditors;. who aver
that the company is insolvent and that its
debts aggregate $150,000,. which ¦ it-is 'un
able to pay. -
Three Hotels Fail.
MUNICH. Aug.^18."— The fourth game of
the series. between Plllsbury and Schlech
ter, for possession of the leading prizes of
the- International chess tournament 'was
contested: here. to-day and, resulted in an
other draw; . making the score to - date:
Pillsbury, 1 ; ; Schlechter, 1 ; ~ drawn, : 2.'. The
players afterward agreed upon the divi
sion of ! the prizes : . Pillsbury, 1000 marks
in cash: Schfechter, 800 marks in cash and
the special trophy presented by Prince Re
gent Lultpold of Bavaria. . \
Chess-Players ,Tie.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— The new steam
ship. La Lorraine of , the Compagnlo Gen
erale Transatlantlque (the French line)
was sighted east l of Fire Island at 11:56
o'clock to-night on her. first voyage across
the Atlantic to this port. The trip from
Havre to Fire Island was made In seven
days fifteen hours and fifty- five minutes.
The. La Lorraine Is one of the three new
steamers of the French line. She Is • 580
feet 6 lnchea in length and has a displace
ment of 15,200 tons. ¦
La Lorraine's First Voyage.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— Hospital
Steward R. H. McComyn, at Fort Porter,
N. Y., has been ordered to conduct a de
tachment of the Hospital Corps privates
from Jefferson Barracks, Mo., to Fort Mc-
Dowell, Cal.. and to accompany Major
John J. V. Hoff, surgeon," on his Journey
to China. Major Hoff will be chief sur
geon on the staff of General Chaff ee
Major George Ruhlin, quartermaster, U.
S. A.; has been' relieved from his duties at
Honolulu. Major. Ruhlin will proceed to
Seattle and relieve Major F. W. Robinson
Jr., quartermaster, U.S. V. Major Robin
son .will proceed to Honolulu for duty as
depot quartermaster. '
Changes Among Army Officers.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Aug. 18.— There was
considerable speculation following the
Powers trial' at Georgetown as to whether
Governor 5 Beckham:; will make 'a' second
•reauisltion on Governor Mount of Indiana
for the return of Taylor and'Finley to
this State for trial. .,'¦ - _ ' .
C5overnor Beckham said: "I know of no
new requisition. and of no reason. why we
should ask for : one. . Governor- Mount , has
doubtless heard .what sort of evidence was
brought | out against Taylor and Finley . In
the Powers, case. > He -has once, refused to
give them up. It • looks to me as if it is
up to; Governor 1 Mount to act; Independ
ently, in/the matter."
• Caleta^- Powers was Secretary . of . State
during »'WV; S. Taylor's . tenure of office and
took the"^ principals part ; in enlisting and
bringing to' the Kentucky i capital the
laree - army of mountain feudista ~. whose
advent created such a stir over the coun
try * *3&BMZB3EE*SBy*^iHl8ffi* t t**^W*9 l^MBa3^*E6a
After the shooting of Goebel- on Jan
uary 30 he ' took an active part in behalf
of the de i facto : Governor. Taylor, in the
exciting*- events'.' which '¦-¦ followed. When
the militia was; ordered home he, with
Captain John Davis," made an . attempt ; to
escape under disguise "and- go*. with them
to . the mountains, i ' They .i were . detected,
however,' and ' placed; under, arrest ¦ by ' the
civil' authorities when > the .' train reached
Lexington. ¦;-, : 'Z: -/i
¦> 'With a number of others; including some
State officials,. Powers .was Indicted th«
Grand 7 Jury ¦ of ¦•;. Franklin • • County. •¦Kan.
Tip i to ; , Governor ; Moun t.
-One of the Jurors said to-night that the
Jurymen were influenced, in making up
their verdict by many. things in the evi
dence but that some of the chief points
were Powers' own admission on the stand
that he organized a crowd of 1200 armed
mountaineers, which came .- to Frankfort
Januarv 15; his corroboratlon of parts of
the testimony of Noakes, Golden and Cul
ton- the proof that he gave Youtsey the
key' and that the shot was fired from his
office It Is doubtful whether the -Youtsey
case will be tried, though It will be called
¦ Mr Crawford of the defense made . a
statement in court this afternoon that
Youtsey, according to the advice of his
physicians, is still threatened with typhoid
fever One of his attorneys, John M. Ste
venson. Is also ill ,of typhoid : fever/ and
Mr Crawford 5 said he could not say this
afternoon whether the defense will be
ready Monday or not._ -
In -the event that . the Youtsey case Is
continued one, of the other cases, either
Davis, Whltaker or. Combs, will be taken
up. .-;'; . •
What Influenced the Jury.
There was no ¦ demonstration following
the verdict, and the crowd filed out of the
courtroom almost in silence. Powers re
mained In the courtroom for some time
after the verdict was rendered in confer
ence with, his attorneys, who will at once
move for a new trial, and failing in that
will take an appeal. .;;:
When the jurymen entered the Jury
room Juror Stone, the oldest one on the
panel was elected foreman. Juror Porter,
the only Republican on the Jury, the first
to speak, said: „ _,. .. x
"Gentlemen, I am a Republican, and I
have said that I did not believe that Goe
bel's murder was the result of a conspir
acy I did not think Caleb Powers could
be " guilty,"- but I have heard the evidence
and I am convinced that-he is."
Others also made talks, and It is said
that one of the Jurors thought that the
death penalty ought to be inflicted. How
ever when a ballot was taken all twelve
of them, voted for life imprisonment. The
Jury was composed of eight Democrats,
three anti-Goebel Democrats and one Re-,
publican.
The Jury retired at 1:32 p. m. and re
turned Its verdict at 2:25. being out only
fifty-three minutes. Juror Craig stated
afterward that the verdict could have
been returned even sooner, but considera
ble time was taken up reading the In
structions. Tho vote In favor of a life
sentence was unanimous.
When the jury retired the belief was
general that they would not agree, and In
this opinion the defendant was firmly con
vinced. When the verdict was returned
Powers, for the first time during the
weary six weeks of the trial, betrayed his
feelings. Under all of the trying Incidents
of the trial he had maintained a change
less expression, the same whether things
were going favorably or against him. The
verdict of guilty, however, staggered him
apparently. He was sitting near the door
of the Jury-room, and when the Jury
knocked on the door summoning the Sher
iff his face took on an anxious look that
was noticeable, but did not appear to be
particularly apprehensive. When the
twelve men filed Into the room and took
their seats and the clerk called the roll of
the Jurors the prisoner did not appear to
be .more excited than the- throng of spec
tators,/-who craned their necks to catch
the first Intimation of the verdict.
"Have you made a verdict, gentlemen?"
Inquired the court. KejSSS«flD*J*e
"We have," the Jurors assented, and at
the same time Mr. Stone, the foreman,
passed the verdict up to the clerk, who
read It aloud.
Powers, already pale, grew ghastly as
the verdict was read, and his face betokr
ened great mental anguish. This was only
for a few seconds, however, and then, re
gaining his composure, he turned to the
Misses Dangerfleld, who had been in con
versation with him, and said:
"I was not expecting that. The verdict
Is unjust." A •
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Aug. 18.— The
verdict of the Jury In the case of
ex-Secretary of State Caleb Pow
ers, charged with being an acces
sory before the fact to the murder
of William Goebel was: - "We find the de
fendant guilty and flx his punishment at
confinement In tho penitentiary for the
rest of his natural life."
Organization of Men "Who "Ware at
the Front to Meet at Chat
tanooga.
The National Association of Spanish-'
American "War Veterans; which was char
tered in New Jersey about j ten months
ago, and has now more than 150 camps
throughout the United States, has extend
ed an Invitation to the Spanish-American
War organizations of California to send
delegates to the first annual meeting to be
held at Chattanooga, Tenn., October 8 to
12. The Invitation says:
It is further intended that this meeting shall
be a general reunion of all Spanish-American
war veterans, and will be held in conjunction
with the Socle ty of the Army of the Cumber
land, Grand Army of the Republic and United
Confederate Veterans, who will meet here for
the purpose of inspecting the monuments,
markers, etc, erected in Chlckamauga Natlonar
Park. The occasion will no doubt be a memor
able one, and for the first time. In years sol
diers of the North and South, Cast and West,
their sons and grandsons will meet together
¦ on a peace ¦ footing and renew tlme-cherlshed
acquaintances kindle the flame of patriotism
and cement the fraternal ties so happily cre
ated by the Spanish-American war.
The general officers of the national as
sociation are:
Commander in chief. General Willis J. Hul
lnga. Oil City. Pa. ; senior vice commander in
chief, General -William J. McKee, Indianapo
lis, Ind.; Junior vice commander in chief,
Colonel James B.' Coryell, Philadelphia, Pa.;
adjutant general, William C. Llller. Chatta
nooga, Tenn.; quartermaster general. Colonel
Edwin W. Hlne, Orange, N. J. ; Inspector gen
eral. Colonel George W. Taylor, Norfolk, Va.;
surgeon general. Colonel Victor C. -Vaughan,
Ann Arbor, Mich. ; Judge advocate general.
Colonel Rufus M. Townsend, Troy, N. Y. ;
chief signal officer. Colonel James P. Fyffe,
Chattanooga, Tenn.; chaplain general. Captain
Charles H. Jones, Newark, N. J.
The late Colonel Duboce was a short
time ago appointed one of the council
of administration to represent this State.
The others on the council who are desig
nated as department commanders are:
Alabama, Colonel James W. Cox; Arkansas,
Colonel Virgil Y. Cook; Florida, Colonel Irving
E. Webster; Illinois, Colonel D. Jack Foster;
Indiana, Captain William E. English; Iowa,
Colonel William B. Humphrey^ Kentucky, Gen
eral John B. Castleman; Maine, Major Everard
E. Newcomb; Maryland, Major Charles T.
Lowndes; Michigan Colonel Charles L. Boyn
ton; Minnesota, Major Francs H. Bidwell; Mis
sissippi, Major William Henry; Missouri, Colo
nel • Milton' Moore; Montana. Colonel C. F.
Lloyd; Nebraska, Major Julius N. Klllan* New
Hampshire, Captain F. E. Rollins; New Jersey
Lieutenant William E. Pedrlck; New York
Colonel Horatio P. Stacpole; North Carolina
Colonel W. H. 8. Burgwyn; North Dakota'
Colonel William C. Trueman; Ohio, Colonei
Alonzo B. Colt; Pennsylvania. Colonel C T
O'Neill: Philippines, Colonel Henry B. McCoy"-
Porto Rico. Major Ruesell B. Harrison; Rhode
Island, Major Lester S. Hill; South Carolina
Colonel Wylie Jones; Tennessee, Colonel Graeev
Chtlders; Texas, Colonel G. W. Hardy Ver
mont, Major Henry D. Flllmore; Washington
Major Edward H. Fox; West Virginia. Captain
John B.' White. • Wisconsin, Colonel Martin T
Moore. . r . . '
REUNION. OF VETERANS OF
SPANISH-AMERICAN WAR
CALEB POWERS, FORMER REPUBLICAN SECRETARY OF STATE OF
KENTUCKY.
tucky, where the crime was committed.
A change of venue was granted to Scott
County. The <rial began on July 14 and
lasted without Intermission, except for
Sunday, until yesterday. The political
complexion of the Jury was eight Demo
crats, three antl-Goebel Democrats and
one Republican. The Legislature of Ken
tucky offered a reward of $100,000 for the
arrest and conviction of the assassins.
•WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— Washington
to-day and to-night entertained the army
of 1400 Cuban school teachers, who have
been visiting this country to observe
American , educational methods. They
were received at the' White House thli
afternoon, Inspected; the, Congressional li
brary later in the, day and were enter
tained this evening at Glen Echo, a sub
urban resort. •
The party arrived here at 1 o'clock this
afternoon in four -..train sections. They
were met • at the station by a committee
of Washingtonlans.
After the party had taken luncheon they
were marched as a body to the White
House. There they were formally present
ed to President and Mrs. McKinley at 3:30
o'clock... The Marine Band -was in attend
ance and discoursed patriotic airs. The
guests were Introduced by name by Juan
Enrique Macias, a local Cuban. Each of
the visitors had a word of greeting al
ready prepared, "How do you do?" "God
bless you" and "How happy. I am" pre
dominating. After leaving the Whiie
House the party gathered on the broad
lawns and sang patriotic songs.
General Cisneros, ex-President of Cuba,
an idol of patriotic Cubans, was discov
ered in the crowd and a big demonstration
ensued. Women, frantic with Joy, threw
their arms around the old soldier's neck
and men tossed their hats in the air. Then
the crowd embarked on the electric cars
for Glen Echo. At the auditorium there,
amid decorations representing the Cuban
and American colors, there was a patriotic
concert.
General Cisneros spoke, expressing
thanks for the reception accorded the
Cubans. -i v>
The party returned to the city at 8
o'clock. The teachers will leave for New
York at 1:30 to-morrow afternoon. Monday
they will be given a boat ride up the Hud
son River and on Tuesday will be enter
tained In New York City. Thence they
will go to Philadelphia. They expect to
sail on Thursday or Friday for Cuba.
Party Taken in the Evening to Glen
Echo, & Suburban Resort, Where
a Patriotic Concert Is -
Enjoyed.
Reoeived at the White House
by President and Mrs.
~' r * McKinley.
CUBAN SCHOOL
TEACHERS VISIT
WASHINGTON
Administration Responsible for
the Efforts to Keep Secret the :
Fact of Their Detention.
SUPPOSED ANARCHISTS
CLOSELY GUARDED
23
PCJOLE. JUNE 23. 1S99.— I TAKE TIII3
means of expressing my thanks to Dr. Wong
Him. 113-117 Mason St.,
JaSmSmim &¦ F.. for having cu.-eil
fiSj5*'*»3 me of kidney, womb
Wsji trouble and cancer of
XV^TK r Btomach. I waa a grrat
UfHI x / sufferer for 15 years, and
%qT^ / found no permanent re-
Mfiml lief until 1 tried L>r.
J jfijf^— /^ Wong Him. and In »ix
jtXb^** 0^ months' time he has
wlihlngme to certify
**«wKwKSi»^^ this can find me.
MRS. GEORGE BETZ.
Pinole, Contra Costa County.Cat.
BAN -FRANCISCO (Cal.). Oct. IS. 189S-— To
Whom It May Concern: This la to certify that
Dr. Wong Him of 115-U7 Mason street. San
Francisco, has cured me entirely of Bright •
disease of the kidneys and consumption of the
bowels of long standing, and I am only too
i-appy to make this statement for the benefit of
all troubled In any way by diseases. Ton will
find the doctor a gentleman In every way. Very
respectfully. MISS M. J. SHLNE.
881 Fulton street. San Francisco.
B. F.. Dec. 4, 1S99.— Dr. "Wong Him. 113-117
Mason st.. S. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For the bene-
fit of others I wish to make a statement of my
case, which was heart trouble. After treating
with six eminent physicians, my case was pro-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of E>r. Wong Him,
and his wonderful cures. I decided to try his
herb treatment. He did all he claimed ard
after treatinc six months I am now well and
strong. Tour r«ip<»ctfully,
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission St.. S. T.
TO THE PUBLIC!
As a Palmist. Clairvoyant and Inter-
preter of things bidden to man. Ismar has
no equaL She has made a reputation
which Is world wide. Her advice Is In-
fallible, convincing and beyond dispute.
Business undertakings, unseen dangers,
crises in life's experience are safely met
when erulded by the marvelous powers of
this distinguished Egyptian seer. Iarr.ar
can be consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5
p. m. at her office. 1143 Market st.. opp.
Sixth. All her readings are private and
confidential.
NABER. ALF3 * BRCNE. Agents.
t23 Market st.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
¦tor and Nervine. -
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAJ.
graduate of , Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practice of many years In
China, has located In San
Francisco. The surprising and
marvelous cure* effected by
1 his herbs demonstrate - their
poter.ee and his sk!U. The*-*
herbs cur* over 400 different
diseases. Including Bright'3
Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
tion. * Asthma. Paralysis.
Brain. Nerve. Cancers. Tumors. Blood. Mai*
and Female Maladies. All persona afflicted
with any kind of malady whatsoever are in-
vited to call. Office. 727 Washington st. Offl-»
hours— 9 a. m. to 13 m., 1 to 9 p. m.; Sundays.
10 a. m. to 12 m. Accept grateful thanks 'or
effecting a cur* of asthma of several years*
standing. A. DARLEY, San RafaeL.
gmk CHICHESTEfTS ENGLISH
pEHHYROYAl P3LLS
B -fi\ .!_ Orls»al a»i Only deanliie.
f'jSS V^4 fer CHl£HESTEK*S ENGLISH
.£-4j£»ji&q\ l a jiE1» ma<l UoM met&UIo box- mm
T^ S~w3j? u hJ>l * rtw><m - Take »o other. Rera*a
f?) *•"*» *2lJ I>a*c«r*«s s«b.U tutloni an4 I ml to*
I / ~" \K t Ion •. Bay of joar Dm«i»t. or arad 4c. to
I J» " rf •««£••»•¦ Partlewlarm Twttavalals
XV ff> •ad < *RellerrarLa4l<«. < *<nl«(Mr.br r»
_X " If tan Mall. 1 o.oimi Tnumsilali. Sons.
> — — r inDnmtiu. Ckl«a«at«r Ckraateal Ca_
Hmuoa till payer. Maoism Square VUl i.A^ ]f£
DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOSSTOTg
Five hundred reward for any XFWQ
case we cannot cure. This secret a* 2 *!
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, jt
curw Emissions. Imootcncy. Varl- J^J SSS
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. 7W.1 C^iui
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all 'L \VX1
wasting effects of self-abuse or g2 _E*S$
excesses. Sent sealed. J3 bottle: 3 zSbeeUPI
bottles. $3: guaranteed to cure any cass. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 853
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10T3<4
Market st., 8. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
. NEW WESTER* HOTEL.
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 .'0 day;
J5 to JS wcek40*s to 120 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: fire crates In «Tery
room: elevator runs all nlxht.
320 MARKET ST. SJ-
OEWEY.STRONG&CO.
WEEKLY CALL
nuvinniT ad r>TT? vtjao ¦
No one who has ever been in San Fran-
cisco has created so much Interest la
Palmistry and Clairvoyance as Ismar. th«
celebrated Egyptian. Crowds from fai
and near come to consult this reraarkabli
woman.
••#iTif£n«i
ISMAR
EG YPTIA N CYf*S Y
LEARN YQUR.FUTURE!
DR. PIERCE'S SUE^*- Guarant?ed
ELECTRIC to be the
We have belts aa low as Jo. same aa others
cell at much higher prices, but they ar» not
"DR. PIERCE'S." If you want the DEST. a
belt that will cur» without medictn*. won't
fall to pieces In a short time, and which may
be had at a moderate price, you must have
"DR. PIERCE'S."
Call or send a I-cent stamp for, "BOOKLET
NO. I." Address:
I PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
C2O Market Street. San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. New York City.
1 _ \
Men, who have suffered the tortures of
dyspepsia, will find encouragement in
the foilovrin.2: letter. It points the way
to certain help and almost certain cure.
In ninety -eight cases out of every one
hundred' in \vhich I>r. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery is
fj used the result is a
:^S£!L,J \&Cx (I'h perfect and perman-
r» ent 9 UTC ' rGoltlcn
:<£ : £?-v^ Medical Discovery"
v^^^ V£;i;£iiK cures diseases of the
sTlr^yfTv'^S organs of digestion
«jferffigg|a«^ and nutrition,
strengthens the
5j^;^*3^ii~~ stomach, purifies the
&-lVtWx\ *h? ii blood, and nourishes
! "-"'M^ i P'*^ III JTk *h e nerves. It has
$*&m<& " 0% cnred hundreds of
f>T4^* 'ZXI W I2x* cases after all other
&~**!jjZ.-A y£ l^t medicines have ut-
r$?&?*ll VI [W terly failed to give
gpSfeS OJ relief.
f' r p5£K^^5i^5» There is no alco-
hoi contained in
¦Z&Z&s'x 1 * « Golden Medical
*>^r?r : ;j^.;| ?*• Discovery," and it
\ is entirely free from
W opium, cocaine, and
' '¦'. * 1 <!j£ all other narcotics.
Vjiiy^ "~r^ "Your •Golden Medi-
¦S;*S'x^-'* |T" cal Discovery* has per-
**¦*.* tT*£. n formed a wonderful
jJ^J-U i y cure," writes Mr. M. H.
»#£&-¦¦• "*-a '*¦ House, of Charleston.
r^tTvjl fe- Franklin Co.. Ark. «I
s.~"-'.*i r 5^! had the wcrst czs* of
•v ''i'j&iZiA dyspepsia, the doctors
£a***~ y I sa*\ that they ever saw.
¦r'r-rttrffte 1 After tryi c K seven doc-
tors and evervthinfc I could hear of, with no
benefit. I tried Dr. Picrce'i Golden ilecical
Ihscovcry, and now I ata cored.".
Chronic dyspeptics may consult Dr.
Pierce bv letter free. Correspondence
private. Address Dr. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Free. Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser
is scr.t free on receipt of stomps to pay
cost of mailing only. Send 21 one-cent
stamps for paper-covered book, or 31
stamjK for cloth bound volume. Aa-
clruLi as above.
ERRE6ULARITIES ¦ OF- WOMEH
DISORDERS OF .MEN
POSITIVELY AHD PERIIAHEXTLY CUBED
ENTIBELTT HU.W TREATMENT.
&M&3 THE GERMAN
i%flg^4 FHYSICIANS
!^%y T r?'XpT^i (UteTrom EurooeJ *
lT^SlS;31 X-Hay Specialists,
$ &$£&?***l g iOI9 MAftKET ST.
rFBF^^rf'r* rvofesslonal Advice FTe«.
tjffi^jgfr..*' Hours-* ' a . m. to 6 p. m.
* 11 11-—* Evening*-? to 9 p. m.
*— - Sundays— U a. m.' to 1 P- n.
L men's I
I ser£e I
fa o ¦
I suits I
| The all-around use- 1
I fullness of a serge suit is I
1 the reason why'you I
I should be interested in I
9 this offer. g
i - For business, dress or I
1 pleasure a serge is 1
| always good. 1
I A splendid, sturdy, |
I year - in - and - year - out |
1 fabric, to be worn from B
i January to December i
I and from sunrise to 1
1 bedtime. , 1
I LOT NO. i I
n Men's bine serge U
H suits or j black clay |j
fi worsteds/ frock, cut «
m away or sack, single H '
y and double breasted. . y
n An excellent cloth, Q
S made up by, one of |1
g the best, makers. of |
H ' men's suits in the" I
Rj world. To intro- ?
Ij „ duce the stock. C
I suit $9.30 E
I LOT NO.' 2 I
ra Men' s 'blue serge fc|
|| suits or black clay ra
§ worsteds. These S
P : are I 7 . 5 o and R
ra .^20 values. Better H
y 'garments," ready M
H made, cannot be H
I «uit;$I2-25 I
H , The bi jgt« . brightest boy'i closhln j 4». |
3 ,' ptrtaent In S. F. One whols floori H
fcl tJST?T A - tfij fa v^
n v J J or Si I 9 **^« ¦' A **t«;
ATVPTTR.TTg'ErM V. MTfl.
ADVERTISEMENTS.There is another point at issue. It con
cerns the percentage to be paid to the
wholesale grocers for handling new lines
of goods. The wholesalers ask fo» * r per
cent. One line of goods was withdrawn
from thi« market because the manufac
turer refused to pay more laAZt 10 per
cent. The wholesalers have the advantar^>
of agents dealing in several lines at the
• same time. If their terms are nr* com
plied with In all particulars tho whole
salers reftfse to handle all lines represent
ed by an agent for deviation from Instruc
tions in any single lln-\
There is a lot of ugly feeling under the
smiling surface aspect of affairs in tho
wholesale section of the city because of
these business differences. One larg*
house representing several leading lines of
products used by the grocery trade has,
according to current belief • and rumor,
presented the facts to Kastern manufac
turers by a representative who journeyed
East for that particular purpose. The
Associated Wholesale Grocers stand firm
ly by the 13 per cent commission. At pres
ent the principal interest of onlookers la
centered on the fight George H. C. Brad
ford is making against the combine.
The attempt of the Associate! Wholesale
Grocers of this city and Sacramento to
prevent the •manufacturers' agents from
dealing directly with retail grocers has
not wholly succeeded. Two leading con
cerns representing manufacturers, namely
Woods. Mailliard & Schmiedell am5 Spohn
& Patrick have succeeded In having the
boycott raised, and have seemingly won
all that they contended for. This wa3 ac
complished as the result of negotiations
at meetings with a committee represent
ing the Associated Wholesale Grocers.
George H. C. Bradford, agent for con
densed milk, defied the association, put
his commercial travelers out on the roa3
and deals with retailers wherever he ran.
on New Business Make
Trouble.
Two Concerns Succeed in Having
Boycott Bemoved — Commissions
and the Ma: ufacturers
Is Still On.
WHOLESALERS
OPENLY DEFIED
BY BRADFORD
Warfare Between Jobbers
Exalted rul»r,- S. Rugene Crow; esteemed
leading knteht. Henley C. Booth: esteemed
loyal knight. James C. Bainbridge: esteemed
lecturing knight. . William A. Wilson; chap
lain. John T. Johnston; secretary. Charles H.
L. Erwln: treasurer, Neal Callahan; esqulr*.
George A. Black; inner guard. Kdward A.
Diobl; tyler. Robert C. Curran; organist. A.
Manuel Carrlllo; trustees— William S. Day
Benjamin T. Willlarr.B, Charles W. Rassy
Charle3 E. Sherman and George A. Black.
The membership of the new lodge in
150. which is the largest charter list of
members ever instituted in the United
States. The officers of the new lodge are
as follows:
over all of the Elks marched to the Ar
lington Hotel, where an elaborate ban
quet was given at midnight. The dinner
was strictly Spanish and a tempting oijc.
The menu cards were splendidly got up
in a souvenir form. When the coffee an>i
cigars came Exalted Ruler John G. Mott
of Los Angeles addressed a few appro
priate words of welcome to the brother
hood, to which Exalted Ruler -3. E. Crow
of Santa Barbara responded. John Llew
ellyn of Los Angeles followed with a
song;- Frank G. Flnlayson spoke on the
"Eleven O'clock Toast": Colonel B. F.
Crawshaw of the local lodge made a few
remarks on "Fraternity": J. Rush Bron
son of Los Angeles on "Bohemia," and *..
C. Bennett of Redlands on "Our Baby
Lodge." Dr. J. C. Bainbridgre of the local
lodge chose for his subject "How It Feels
to Be a Baby Elk." His speech was lively
and witty.
After the installation ceremonies were
morning and came up with the Visitors.
At ".Ventura they were met by the recep
tion committee, who escorted the visitors
to this city. On the .train from "Ventura
light refreshments were served.
.- Promptly at 1 o'clock those of the local
lodge who did not compose the reception
committee met at the Fithlan bulldinp,
and headed by Reynolds* band marched
to the Cnapala-street ' railway station,
where they met the Incoming special.
After the visitors had alighted Dr. R. F.
Winchester presented Exalted Ruler John
G. Mott of the Los Angeles lodge -with- a
golden key to the city In behalf of the
city. The key was modeled after a Yale
lock key and was about four feet long. It
had, an appropriate inscription. After the
presentation of the key the Elks to be p.nd
the visiting Elks marched up State street
to the Arlington Hotel, 'then counter
marched to Armory Hall, where the initia
tion ceremonies were to take place. The
march was led by Charles A. Halse Jr..
who acted as grand marshal. Charles
Ealand, Ernest Wickenden. George C.
Sherman and John Bobbins were the aids.
They were all mounted and wore magnln
cdnt purple sashes.
State street had been transformed from
the every-day business street to one
gayly bedecked ln holiday attire. A mag
nificent arch spanned the street about half
way up the line of march* and all tne
stores and buildings were decorated. From
each of tho wires which cross the street
at certain Intervals to suspend the trol
ley wire hung six Chinese lanterns. Over
four hundred lanterns were, used and- the
effect was beautiful. The whole street
was brilliantly Illuminated and large
throngs lined the street to watch the
parade.
On reaching Armory Hall the Elks dis
banded to meet again at 8:30 for the secret
ceremonies.
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19, 1900.
; SAJC- JOSE, Aug." IS.— The : prune : situa
tion Is , an : all-absorbins topic among the
growers of ; this valley. Leading^ packers
estimate the 'crop ; of 5 the State at 150.000.
000 pounds for this : year, ¦ some : going as
high as .175,000,000. ; Growers are more
conservative in estimates ;and place* the
State's yield at" from 125,000 ,00a to 135.
000.000 pounds. It is claimed that the out
putof Europe and America this' year will
be- 100,000,000 pounds more than last year.
¦The; views of the growers are that" all
the way : from 3 1 ,; cents to an even 4 cents
should; be paid them: for the best grade
of 'prunes.' ¦ ¦ .
• Others than ; growers ¦• claim that not
above 3 cents a pound for the best prunes
Is warranted ¦ by ; the '¦ situation : and that
growers may; be disappointed.
New /Commander of ; lowa's ' Marines.
VALLE JO, Aug. lS.-Captain C. 11:, Per
kins of the PhHaccIphla; has... been ordered
to : command V the 5 marine ¦•'guard'.: on -the
Iowa.t relieving ¦, Captain • James E. '¦'": Ma
honey,-- who > has ; been * placed in * ; charge
ol the marine, recruiting office at Chicago.
150,000,000 Pounds.
Yield in the : State Is Estimated at
PBOBABLE PRUNE CROP.
TACOMA, Aug. 18.— In the Pierce Coun
ty Democratic Convention to-day anti-
Rogers delegates to the State Convention
were selected byTa close vote. : The dele
gates chosen favor Fawcett for Governor.
In the Silver Republican convention Rog
ers' forces won out. • .
Santa Cruz's Democratic Primaries.
.SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 18.— The ; Demo
cratic j County Central Committee to-day
fixed August 25 for I the pjrimary election
and September , 29 for the county conven
tion. ; . '-' : ¦ .: •
Washington I>emocratic Convention.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 1?.— The Social
-Democrats opened the political campaign
in this city 'by a rally and mass-meeting
held at the Hall. "The meeting
was addressed by Hon. H. Gaylon W'il
shire of Los Angeles, Social Democratic
candidate for. Congress, and Scott Ander
son of San. Francisco. '
Social Democrats at Santa Cruz.
Special Dlsrateh to The Call
Hon. J. C. Keedham, Congressman from
the Seventh District, was indorsed and
recommended for renomination. A new
County Central Committee .was selected
and delegates to the State convention
elected.
MERCED. Ang. 18.— At the Republican
convention held here to-day tho following
candidates were nominated:
For Judge of the Superior Court, F. G.
Ostrander. .
For Supervisors— R. J.- Parkinson, Paul
Newman and G. W. Abbott..
For Justice of the Peace. F. A: Robin
son. .-'."¦¦- ¦.¦-•:.
Merc«d Republican Nominees.
held In this city to-day to elect delegates
to the Republican State and Congressional
Convention resulted in the following dele
rates being chosen: Fred E. Brown. F.
E. Snell, J. J. Hanley and John Werry.
IN SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 18.— Much interest
was manifested In the Republican pri
maries to-day, over 800 vote* being cast.
As far as heard from, the following dele
sates to the State and Congressional con
vention* have bean elected: H. F. Kron,
D. H.- Trout, W. H. Galbraith, George G.
Rfldcliff and H. C. Wyckoff.
WATSONVILLE. Aug. 18.— At the Re
publican primaries hem in this city to
day I. . H. Tuttle, H. C. "W T yckoff and
George G. RAdcliff were elected delegates
to the State Congressional and Senatorial
conventions.
IN SOLAKO COUNTY.
SUISUN, Aug. 18.— The Republican cam
paign opened here this evening by a rally,
the brilliant orator, the Hon. Judson
Brueie. addressing a large audience. Tha
Republican primaries held throughout the
county to-day "excited but little Interest
in so far as county politics is concerned.
Hon. J. J. Luchslnger of ,Vallejo will be
renominated for Senator and Alden An
derson for Assemblyman. Mr. Anderson
will again make the fight for Speaker of
the House.
• ¦; -w :;inJnevada v county.
• GRASS VALLEY, Aug. 3 1^.— The Repub
lican prlmarj' election held j in Grass «Val-"
ley to-day was hotly contested.^ the prin- 1
cipal fight being over the election 6t dele
gates to the Third District Senatorial Coin
vention. .; The ; opposing candidates , in ; this
city, for the honor are^W.'-F. Robinson' and
John R. Tyrrell. ... In , to-day 'a election • the
latter captured three of.the delegates and
Robinson two.' The • chosen : delegates to
the >:. convention ; to s meet * at ' Santa z Cruz
September 5 are - as follows : . T. . H.' Wil
helm. J.- R: Tyrrell., W.: H. Gray,' A. Pow
ell and H. 1 A." Fairbanks. - •' - * .
/- NEVADA CITY, Aug. lS.-The primaries
• -The Congressional 1 convention is to be
held on the 27thVinst at Coronado and
the 'county convention will be held at the
same place the following day.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 18.— Republicans held
primaries to-day throughout the county
for the election of delegates to; the State
and Congressional Convention „ and. also
to : the County Convention to - nominate a
candidate for Superior Judge, Assembly
men and Supervisors." .The Congressional
delegation will be solid for. the renomlna
tion of Congressman Needham. The As
semblymen will probably be F. W. Barnes
in the Seventy-ninth District and C. R.
Stewart In the : Eightieth. ; , .v>
The delegates to the State and Congres
sional conventions: are: "Waldo S. Water
man, C. S. Hardy, A. G.- Nason, A. E.
Nutt, John^R; Self ert, Frank ; H. Brooks,
H.W. Vincent, George S. Murphy, E. E.
Shaffer, J. Chauncey Hayes. M. W. Spen
cer, Percy -A. Johnson, -. S. Steiner, . J. : G.
Burgess. E. : S. Babcock, E. A: Hornbeck,
C. H. Stuart, v ,v r ;
IN SAN DIEGO COUNTY.
the State.
Special Disratch to The Call
The Results in i Various Counties of
EEPUBLICAN PRIMARIES.
M. Keniston was: elected" chairman of
the convention by a vote of 14S to 48 for
G. \V. Tatterson.
The ballot for county committeeman at
large showed the following strength:
Dr. George 8. Harkness, 156; M. S.
Thresher, 95. Dr. Harkness' re-election to
the chairmanship of the County Central
Committee was the cause of much rejoic
ing in the rank and file cf Republicanism
in this county, while the faction that had
attempted to gain control of the conven
tion was correspondingly depressed.
The convention indorsed tne principles
of the Republican party, formulated at
Philadelphia on June 20, 1000; the national
and State administrations were indorsed
and the nominees were pledged to support
the doctrines of 'the Republican party
formulated in the Philadelphia platform.
The nominees were pledged to secure the
curtailing of public expenses. State, coun
ty and municipal, and the curtailing of all
superfluous State boards and commissions
was demanded. • .
S. D. "Woods - was Indorsed for nomina
tion . for Congressman from the. Second
Congressional District.
! Resolutions were also adopted in favor
of the establishment of a systenrr for: the
storage, of water for the benefit of the
agricultural and j mining industries of the
State. and urging the Senators and Repre
sentatives of California in Congress to use
their best efforts to obtain the improve
ment of the navigable rivers and streams
of the'State. -
Chairman Dr. George S. Harkness of the
County Central Committee was in the
chair and ruled the proxies out. The op
position appealed from the decision, but
the convention sustained the chair by a
vote of 104 to 62.
One big bone of contention In the con
vention to-dny was the election of a
county committeeman at large, which
meant the chairmanship of the RepublL
can County Central Committee. The fight
was practically won in the election of the
chairman of the convention long before,
the nominations for committeemen were
made. Orrln S. Henderson sounded the
slogan by moving that nor proxies b«
voted in the . contest for ' the convention
chairman. >
Assemblyman, to succeed himself, ami W.
S. Reyner for Assemblyman from the
Twenty-sixth District... Supervisors
French and Knight- were renomlnated,
and E. E. Trethaway was nominated for
the Stockton district. Dr. Harkness was
re-elected chairman of the County Com
mittee after a hot fight. ¦ The convention
Indorsed the candidacy of. Hon. S. D.
Woods of Stockton for Congressman from
the Second District.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, > Aug. 18.-The: Republican
County "'Convention . to-day nominated
August E." Gunter, present 'Assemblyman,
for : State Senator; F. E. f Dunlap,^present
publican Convention.
Warm Fight in the San Joaquin Re-
HARKNESS WINS.
First Supervisorial District— George E.. Rea,
J. D. Mackenzie, A. C. Sterritt.. --
Second — John < Varcoe. Louis Kelly, H C.
Brown. ¦ _ . .
s Third— John F. CKeefe, M. A. Southworth,"
F. LaSpada. ¦. . ¦ , --..•¦¦
Fourth— Lyman Barre, John Halford. Dr.
Gatee.: :¦¦ - - ¦ . ¦ ¦.- - ¦ •• -¦.-..
' Fifth— Frank A; / Covey, Fred - I*. ' Cottl«,
Georse Taylor. -¦•.'
The legislative nominees are all new
ones. Assemblymen Arnerlch, Clark and
J\elsey and Senator Morehouse made no
fight for re-election, and Supervisor Cottle
retired In .favor of Dr. " Knowles. The
nomination of Walker of Los | Gatos I for
Assemblyman Is an 'extension of * the
"olive branch"to the; Republican Go'od
Government League, as he Is a prominent
member of that organization. : ;
The new County Central Committee Is
made up as follows: : "
Supervisors— Second District. Paul P. Austin
(incumbent); Third District, Fred M. Stern
< Incumbent); Fifth District, Dr. L..' Knowles of
Los Gatos. ' -¦..-¦¦ ¦ ».
The convention recommended that "the
Republicans of Santa Clara Countv • lay
aside all individual or factional differ
ences and discords and . unite ; together
solely for the support of the national Re
publican ticket and for the . ticket put
forth by this convention and In the main
tenance hereafter In the county of a uni
fied and harmonious Republican party."
: The following nominations were then
made: ; ..
Superior Jud£e — A. I>. Rhodes (Incumbent).
State Senator, Thirty-first District— IjouIs
O'Neal, at present City Justice of San Jose.
Assemblymen— Fifty-fourth District, John S.
Torrence of Mayfleld; Fifty-fifth District
George H. Anderson of San Jose; Fifty-sixth
District; G. S. Walker of Los Qatos.
It was recommended, that the State con
vention adopt resolutions looking to the
preservation of the forest tract known as
the Big Basin.
Another plank Indorses Ihe j "careful,
practical and economical administration
of Governor Gage."
The administration of the Republican
county officials was also commended. '.*
We further most heartily approve and com
mend the wisdom and statesmanship of tho
Republican administration in the Spanish war
and the suppression of the Philippine insur
rection, and the establishment of law and
order on those islands, and for the prompt
relief afforded to our own and other legations
at Peking, and for the skillful diplomacy with
which the honor and dignity of our nation has
been maintained and advanced among 'the
other nations of the earth during the most
critical period in the history of our republic
since the Civil War.
Indopes the wfse, patriotic and highly euc
cespful administration of President McKlnley,
by which the financial condition of our coun
try has been reestablished upon a sound and
practical basis and its credit bo well established
at home and abroad as to cause its bonds to
find a ready market at a premium which is
at the rate of 2 per cent, which is one-half
tne rate of Interest paid upon the Bale of our
bonds under the previous Democratic admin
istration, and also during? which there has been
adopted and put In operation throughout the
republic a system of protective tariff which
has not only given ample protection to Amer
ican labor against the cheap labor of other
countries, but has also greatly increa&ed the
profits, amounts and values of our California
production.
SAX JOSE, Aug. IP.— The Republican
County Convention met at Turn Verein
Hall this morning and in the short space
of two hours completed its work and ad
journed. It was a unanimous affair, the
work having been previously cut out, and
it proved to be the' shortest county con
vention ever held in Santa Clara Counts'.
There was practically no opposition, and
the only ofilce for which two candidates
appeared was for Assemblyman in the
Fifty-fourth District. . John D. Macken
zie, James XV. Rea, Dr. McGraw, Senator
Shortrldge and other prominent party
leaders were present, but the unanimity
of the convention left them nothing to do.
The convention was made up of 152 del
egates. Hon. James R, Lowe was chair
man and Frank H. Benson secretary. Af
ter a short speech by Chairman Lowe
urging united support of McKlnley and
Roosevelt the work was taken up.
The platform in part follows:
All Is Harmong In the Gathering at San Jose, hut There Is
a Warm Struggle of the Factions to Secure Control
in the Party Council at Stockton.
REPUBLICANS OF SANTA CLARA
AND SAN JOAQUIN CONVENE
DFFICERS OF SANTA BARBA
RA'S NEW LODGE OF ELKS.
after 7 this evening. A member of the re
ception committee of the Santa Barbara
lodge, who had charge of the hotel ar
rangements, went to Los Angeles this
8r>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 18.— Santa
Barbara Lodge No. 613 of the
Benevolent and Protective Order
of Elks wris instituted to-night by
District Deputy Grand Exalted
Ruler Dr. W. F. Kennedy of Loo Angeles,
assisted by 150 Los Angeles Elks and fifty
baby Elks from Redlands. The Institution
of the local lodge was one of the grrand
est affairs of the kind ever witnessed In
California. The enthusiasm was boundless
and the best feeling of fraternal brother
hood prevailed throughout, from the time
that the visitors were met on the special
.train at Ventura until the close of the
proceedings. '
The visiting Elks left Los Angeles on a
special train, reaching here a few minutes
SANTA BARBARA'S
NEW LODGE OF ELKS
24
E *„- _-. L ¦ ' ' '¦ ¦ ¦ - > .: ';: • A
I 38C A YARD ? FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY. S
f o, J 0 »In C rr., S W^^^^^^^^^^^ GOWNS f
¦^t Y MDDHCU *I * s <> n e of <he best of the year, for so cheaply did we secure them UUllfllO +2.
f OlLN mUnLLli } hat^ e are enabled to offer them fully THIRTY-FIVE PER CENT rnn l|n»in«V
f b - FOR MONDAY. |
f SC^Sct 69C Reg. Value 85c f
* *£ °^: X^rl 018111^ 1^ 6 - ln ViCW ° f the Hmlted QUanUty a " e&rly On epedal sale. 15 *
jg. brilliant luster bl«ck ls> uc * iIlluI^ dozen ljaaie9 - F i an nel- -•
•^ Ft-ipe* of old mm, re.T. p^y flj>»l"y taffeta: «. K u- 7"7 p. OUU taffeta; regular value QQr> in nllt stripes and &
tunjuoln, blirk'tnd 1(^ v »'« « 00; on sale. yard... ( (C $1 10; on sale, yard OUC checks extra fength !f
** J^ch" u.Id*for ln ltM 0 650 £ an3 ? 27 " ln f. h t * ffeta: exce P- ftnO Tar3 » 24 -« nch "Bonef dress .On special sale to- *J-
•Oo ?££* 2Za llSln^ fi yr tlon , aI « uaItt J-: <>« » h'Kh OUU taffeta; one of the grandest morrow.
5 *£."* nnte * for 98c Si- 1 - 69c Each, *
a — — — : : a,
* A PHENOMENAL PETTICOAT BARGAIN. 6000 YARDS WASH FABRICS 5c YARD. 5
?% $3.95 FOR A $3.50 SILK POPLIN SKIRT. The wash pooia selling of last Monday was unprecedented. £V
G An unusual circumstance has enabled us to procure from a TO" morrow#8 offers win exc ' 1 a " * ver made here - NOT A
SU Urge ekirt manufacturer at a very, low figure 75 of th« late»t PIECE of wash coods ' to be carried into next season. The •*
*7 Btyle ladles' pittiroats. Thry ar* 'made of a fine quality Bilk choicest patterns of 36-inrh percaJe, ln light, medium and dark' t5T
<b rrlln. of a brilliant luster. Trlth a deep accordion plaited colors, and the best Amoricarv corded batiste in pretty, light ef-
i£7 flounce, flnlshed Jn the best manner; flounw faced with excellent fpcts fhat w * >re at 12%e and 13c yard are included ln this , f$»
e% 1'nlnK; your choice ln these fashionable colorlnes: New !>!ue offering; also every piece of this season's fabrics that have been
m gf l*v?nd«r. pvrple. corise and cardinal. On sale to-morrow. reduced to remnant pize. such as lawns, dimities, madrasses and 4j^
•r. *•» or r>ru osrr"ili ad \/ai nr <r = «#•» piques; sold resrularly at 15c and 20c yard: your choice £^f ZJ
«f. »<»-»3 feAV»rl. REGULAR VALUE S5.5O. to-morrow, yard UV/
| EXCEPTIONAL VALUES IN ? COMFORTERS >A HOSIERY BARGAIN MONDAY, f
a 60-Inch Zfbaline Horass- on SI.25 Yard BLAWKETS. A lucky rurcha9e vtmitft U9 to make g-
t For a rtylish «r^t coMnme or for a Ore of extra worthy attractions this ™% "^ s , u , alb ; l ™ JtfZ ''Jt
¦^ wr%-ic«h> sktit. thfs material is very con- ~«* bo an offering of high irrade m ll?,,? f ! ! T, i \>? * « ,* ?\T >, nii^ ??•
r meoteUe. Extra heavy make, warranted blankets and comforters. oontracteJ 1 fcr t b . riI1 ' ant Ll^ o , th n ad , fi " is \ - h \ ?h . fP» oe^
rure wool. In tV correct fall 'coloring of long before the recent sharp ad ™an«. K^ uSJJlLP^- ZZ VqM o Jt 4»
*: rrode. brown end thr^s shades of cray black Hermsdorf dye; size 8 to 10. Qi» c *5T
On ««ie beginning Monday. Yard Q«-23 35 dozer extra large size antl heavyweight Or iIonda >'' P* 11 " —-*.**• .,
•^ -• €3> » l'ct comforters, filled with pure while cot- . •*
«S* ¦ ton, nicely tuffd. and covered with tho A
T CASHMERE FOR WAJSTS iSSS^aiSSS^^fi \ RIBBON SPECIALS. f
•^ O- vim ' lwis than $2:50. On sale. each.. *P 1 . " . L *ST
jg» nif Yflhll Acaln received a shipment of the best
UJU * ntlu S00 ralrs all wool California blankets quality black velvet ribbon, all silk, satin jJ
jtj, Thls soft an<1 dainty material so much made by the best mill ln this State; our back: t0 be ofrered at a special price Mon- ;*
•JT in demand for ladles' waist*; fully a cash offer for this spfcial lot makes the day: W*
_^ inc., ps wide, made ln fashionable color- low rrice possible; they are full size, sillc No. 2 at (!c yard; regular value. .8 l-3c 2t
¦gjf -'-f.gs of gray, gobelin, turquoise, castor, tan, bound, with pretty borders, and considered No. 3 at lOr yard; regular value. .12Vic *£¦
caiPt. res-rfa, na%-j-. cardinal and 4J?!/-. pood value at $5 50. For this fi£Q.93 No. 6 at lap yard; regular value.. 20c
•* brown; oe^llent Quality, at yard. OCIC week, each (DO No 7 at l(Jc yard; regular value. .23c £L
t 4- ? ~
*^ Do sot mm seelnj COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. *^
,£? ttow b^" f °i -— SPECIAL SALE
so much In rfmanl , —^^j\ leading colors antt ¦*
now. On sale at ,Z^^?^^»r- ¦ ii ¦ ¦ ii-^^-y— 'A U - - . -SClSCffi^ black. For llonday,
"B IEI: Yard. en^ St 5
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Men, why will you be weak? Why Act vou not listen to the flltrht of tim»
rtaiirfnl t£ n t ELECTRIC BELT.' Why do you ro on from day to day
?«» <?,™ZPJ~ each fo ZJ U take u to - vour heart, and feel the life-blood How-
ing. Jumpin*. dancing throueh your veins; feel the exhilarating snark Of
power warm your frame. th« br:pht flaeh come to vou7 c >e^ and the firai
SS vou y have h f a ounVvo u r^ S^5 Cl^ pS yOUr tells him
tnat >ou na\e found >our Mecca— you have regained your strenpth. Act to-
«ni"»1?nw - SiSi' * matt^ r which J B the key to your future happinels; do
vrh.fil°.T ™£^. a*?? d ? Bt ™y aU Possibility of future pleasure for you.
\\hateyer your condition to-day, you will not Improve as you grow older
«*a 1111 fOrCe< 5 nd the older y° u eet the more pronounced
and apparent will be your weakuess; so cure it now— cure It.
SEE THESE CURES:
Father and Son Cured. Man and Wife Cured.
uini^^Vrn^^. 1^^!^. ° e f o£ e I *«• -m wour K.ectrtc Belt with rood
Your Belt cured me to two months. The insults, and it has also helped my wife,
I>K has also done wondera for my son. who suffered from 'kidney trouble' She U
who had a bad can* of rfaramatlcm. Since „„_ ,„„. -, w . .. /¦ *
my cure I have prai^d your*Ult «^<1 wSl now f « elln * «ar better than for many
continue to do eo. — H. W. YOUNG, Port months. Tours truly. . H. H. AMES.
Harford, Cal.. Aucurt 4. W0. | SuBanville, Oregon, August 1^ 1300.
ACT TO-DAY ! YOU CAN PAY WHEN CURED!
Do you suffer from Varicocele.or any wasting disease, from Kidney or
organic troubles. Rheumatism. Lame Back, Lumbago, 8clatlca? Do you feel
tired and lazy when vou ought tobe bright and full of life? All these signs
can be cured by my famous ELECTRIC BELT. I know what it will do and
can guarantee it. Any honest m.in who will secure me can have my. Belt, and
tf Jt doe* not cure him he need not pay for It. Is that fair? Will any otner
concern treat vou as fairly? Has any other man a* much confidence in his
remedy? My Belt cannot fail. "
CALL TO-DAY AND TEST IT. FREE. DO NOT PUT IT OFF— or If von
DR. M. A. McLaughlin, Jsjp^ias^
° ' and Second Sts^ Los Agnele*.,
Cures MEN! Cures Women!
The Wonderful Vitalizing Electric Currents Which Dr. McLaugh-
lin's Electric Belt Sends Leaping Over the Nerves, Carrying Joy and
Gladness to the Heart, Saturating the Body "With the Fire of Youth,
Makes Old Men Young and Yo\mg Men Vigorous. ITS CURES ARE
HEARD OF EVERYWHERE.
© -i-i-i'i : 1 1 1 1 : i"H-:->K-H..;. l i..X"M":"i->M-i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i-i'i"i-i»:»;- •i-i-i-:-!":- ©
I CHINESE BATTLE I
I WITH A DEVILFISH I
t • X
•*• • JL
-r AN' RAFAEL. Aug. 18.— Three Chinamen had a battle with a monster J*
T W devilfish to-day, that attacked the men in their boat, and that they 4*
V I've to tell the tale Is due to their quick and hard fight for life with 4*
jZ hatchets and knives. The octopus must have been of tremendous 4-
• size, for the section of one of his great tentacles which the Chinese *j*
4« brought bark as a trophy was fully seven feet long and as thick as a stout X
¦j* man's arm at the point of cleavage. . X
T Three sons of the Flowery Kingdom started out this morning, bright and JL
2? early, to gather In the succulent shrimp off California City. They put out 4*
T their nets and then sat down to a bit of gossip anent the latest news from -j*
T the Chinepe war. Then they began to haul in one of the nets. Just as they "f
J. were about to pull the net on board—
2 An arm ros« up from out the bosom of the lake. . •>
T • • • tnystic, wonderful. 4*
1* *L
y An arm of fleshy hue, waving fantastically and menacingly. Suddenly It de- JL
•r st-ended upon and encircled the r.eck of Quongr Wall. " JL
•f "Gee Kli! Wha for?" yelled the astonished Quong as his queue burst from 4*
j_ its fastenings. And then there arose a yelling and jabbering— an outpouring *f
V of sulphurous maledictions In choicest Chinese ever heard in those waters T
T Lre the cry of astonishment and terror had died on Qunog's thin lips there -!-
: arose another swift moving tentacle that gripped the side of the boat. The •}•
T chinamen, three of them in number, were so territied that they remem- v
• bf-red little of what followed, but the most ferocious attack ever made by~\ 4*
t Prince Tuan on the Icgationers in Peking was a Sunday school picnic com- 4*
• pared to the Favaere onslaught the Chinese lishern* n made on that devilllsn 4-
•f With hatchets and knives they went at the monster. The enormous tentacle 4*
¦f whirh was fastened to Qunog's neck must have measured over fifteen feet in 4*
•j* length, ns tho piece that was chopped ofT was about seven feet long. Jim •?•
f Ixmg. who wi'-lded the hatchet, said that the monster was killed ln the v
y rattle and sank beneath the waters after they had hacked and slashed at ','•
f him for some time. " ~.
•r This is the second time that the shrimp fishers have done battle with 4*
•j- the devilfish. Large ones rarely make their appearance. Small ones are v
•r sometinsc-s found on the beach at low tide. These are considered by the •*•
•?• Chinamen as a great delicacy and a proper dish to give courage and strength •*¦
4. to the person eating. 4*
# in i ; :i : 1 1 1 i-m-x^s-h^h^h-w-h-: : i i i : i i i : i ;. k..k-h-h. ®
the finest made :
prices cut way down
An important point jn Lucke's sale is the fact
that whole families, from the father to the youngest
child, may get their sizes in stylish shoes "at prices
cut to the lowest possible figure.
The family shoe- bill is a large item in the
year's expenses, and this remarkable chance to save
money is being improved by large crowds daily.
•
Etelow are mentioned only a few of the thou-
sands of bargains to be had.
Ladies' Men's
Ladies' kid or vesting top lace Men's genuine Vici Idd shoes
shoes, good material, stylishly "Goodyear" welt — equal to shoe*
made: regular $3.00 shoes; made by hand! Lucke is sellinz
Lucke s selhng-out.pn^e, the shoes out for
' '.'-'.i -V''"- *»*• ¦ *-'¦"¦* 2d^ jt
Sf §11' I anyIadies ' Sliiii' *w «->
snoe at this price has never oc-
_ — curred m San Francisco before.
Laifd, Schober & Co.'s tan lace
S^7 ftR latest buJId og lasts.
You know the Laird, Schober • * *P J«25
shoes— never sell regularly under A vain*. n« «, a j
five dollars « 1 ! £° man can afford to
nve collars. overlook who needs shoes.
Laird, Schober & Co.'s tan lace
shoes, with silk tops, French .Men's white canvas low and
heels— new 1000 shoes; formerly high shoes, leather soles latest
$6.00, jiow cut to bulldoR toes, finest make- for-
<TQ it: merly Lucke sold them for %\.$o
3>:5..2D now at * >o '
Shoe's are not long from the S>1 8^5
factory, yet the price is cut in *P««<J.J
half - Good for outinsr, rowing
: ->" yachting or wear at the seashore.
Laird, Schober & Co.'s tan calf-
skin lace shoes, heavy, extension »
soles; sold formerly at $5.00 and RrkXro*
$6.00 respectively, now reduced to *~* %j y&
S3 '4.0 <K^ fifl ' B °> V scho «l .shoes— the kind
*p-J.£+vr J>J.DU mothers appreciate
Th« e shoe, iiV in the height lg" £,* l\Y~ *}•«
of style, and look a. ,h< S avi R ng . " B&j&^SS&W
wearing these shoes out.
¦ Ladies' lace shoes, with kid o-
cloth tops and Louis XV heels. Children's and misses' kid lace
now at the low price of shoes, extension soles or close
45,3.15 Sizes 8J^ to 11 91.00
, r , - V Sizes HJ4 tO2.... 1.25
-Most ladies pay. $.5.00 for stylish Good school shoes for girls^
shoes like these, with. Louis XV mothers, these shoes are eco-
nee Is. -y ;nomy. j
All the : . above shoes are carefully fitted by ex-
perienced shoe salesmen.
LUCKC S
832 Market S t.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Past Day a Record Breaker in Chi
cago, Indianapolis, Louisville
and Other Cities.
CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— The hot wave came
down upon Chicago again to-day and sent
the mercury, up to 93 in the shade at 3
p. m. There were four deaths and fifteen
prostrations.
The Weather Bureau says the hot spell
will certainly last until Wednesday, and
perhaps longer. "Walter "Shoemaker, tha
former president of the Illinois Club and
head of the lumber firm of Walter Shoe
maker & Co., was stricken with apoplexy
at the Glenview Golf Club to-day and died
within -a few minutes, aged 82. A physi
cian Bald death had been hastened by the
MANY DEATHS FROM
HEAT IN THE EAST
heat.
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. lS.-To-day has
been the hottest and most trying of the
season. The temperature at 4 p. m. was
W degrees as noted by the standard
weather thermometer at the Government
station. There were three prostrations
and one death.
?v SP^ INGF l ELD - In - Au «- «•— This waa
the hottest day of the year, the Govern
ment thermometer registering a maximum
of 97 degrees, or 2 degrees hotter than
yesterday. On the streets some thermom
eters, registered 104 in the shade.
LOtriaviLLE, Ky., Aug. 1S.-AH rec
ords for hot weather ln the history of tho
Weather Bureau have been broken. The
present hot spell Is the longest ln twenty
eight years. The mercury attained th» 90
degree mark on August 1, and has not
failed to equal or go above It.
Dr. Charles W. Parsons, one of the eld
est physicians ln Louisville, dropped dead
on the street to-day as a result of the ex
cessive heat. The maximum was 96.B at
2 p. m. - . : ,
Attempt, to;, Wreck- a Train.
; EUFAULA. i 1. 1 T.; >Aug.'; l^-The [ trestle
bridge on the Missouri . Kansas and Texas
Railroad across '.the South '> Canadian 5 Riv-
3-eception to '¦'¦ Senor ¦ Calderoa.
WASHINGTON. Aug. . 18.--Senor: Manuel
Alvarez*:' Caldero-n. ,; the ; newly i appointed
Peruvian ¦ Minister." was formally r received
by? President* McKinley at the* White
House to-day, the occasion being marked
by " the ' exchange of , the • usual , f elldtlous
remarks.: . / : " ; : :
Tries to Drag a Gun Through a Fence
and 1 Is Accidentally Shot.
COLUSA, Aug. 18.— At an early hour
this i morning * Frank, the « 13-year-old son
of . Dan 'Ainger, : awoke "Will Gray at ; the
latter"s .home, stating that, he had shot
his arm off. : Mr. Gray took the boy to the
home of his <¦ parents and • then drove to
Colusa.for his father. Dr. R.' A/Gray. It
appearsthat skunks had- been killing the
chickens of Mr.' -Ainger for some time
past. .This morning at . 4 o'clock ; the - boy
took his gun - and started to hunt for the
chicken-thieves.. 'In passing through : ; a
fence the gun was discharged, the charge
nearly tearing Frank's right arm off. .Tho
boy i picked lip" his gun and walked half a
mile to. the Gray, house. His arm will be
amputated; to-morrow morning. ,
BOY HUNTER'S MISFORTUNE,
ernment for Cuba and to get an Idea as
to " when full Independence . might be ex
pected. They had a long and free talk
with the President and .on- leaving the
White House expressed -gratification at
what the President said. They stated that
they were very much encouraged at the
sentiments expressed by the President.
Aftr leaving the White House they called
on the Secretary of War and discussed
with him the constitutional convention
soon to be held on the island. .
Wish to Learn Disposition of Admin
istration Toward Establishment ¦
of Independent Government, -
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— Salvador Cis
neros, President of the insurgent govern
ment in Cuba in 1895; General Lacret and
Rev. Dr. Musteller,.a delegation :from
Havana, who arrived In New York on
Wednesday, called on the President to
day in company with Rev. Charles Cur
rier of Baltimore, » to talk over the ques
tion of Cuban Independence. .
The object of the visit was to learn the
disposition ; of- the administration toward
the establishment of the independent gov-
DELEGATES FROM CUBA
'CALL ON M'KINLEY
Be^olution Bearing on Politics Is
Again Takpn Up and Meets
Defeat.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 18.— The Interna
tional Typographical Union to-day recon
sidered the proposition of Delegate Band
low of Cleveland, bearing on politics,
which was adopted yesterday. The meas
ure as reconsidered was killed, the vote
being two-thirds against Its adoption. The
proposition called for the united action of
the International Typographical Union
upon the political field and the severing
of all member* of their affiliation with all
political parties of the exploiting class.
A resolution of interest to publishers
throughout the country was introduced
by Delegate Hays of Minneapolis and
adopted as follows:
Resolved. That lt is the ftense of the In
tem&tiahal Typoerapbical Union that subordi
nate unions should adopt conciliatory measures
at &!1 ltrr.es when changing their sc&la of
prices, and that before any change In scale
of prices is adopted, it should be submitted
to all publishers who are interested. Also that
the International TypoKrarhical Union, when
requested. Fhail allow a representative of the
Air.erlcan Newspaper Publishers' Association
to be heard on Important changes ln the laws
affecting their interests. »
¦The case of Photo Engravers Union No.
1 of New York City, which was suspended
for non-payment of dues, was finally dis
posed of. The photo-engravers must pay
all arrearages, amounting to about J200J.
to bring It In good standing, after which
the case •will come before the executive
council for final adjustment. The photo
engravers claimed about $5000 ln strTRe
benefits, which was not paid because tho
union was not in good standing, j The con
vention will close this evening.
The report of the committee on tripar
tite agreement was made a special order
ot the afternoon and after a long discus
sion of the report the matter was referred
to the executive council. The " Interna
tional Printing Pressmen's and Bookbind
ers' unions have already, appointed com
mittees. The three committees will con
fer at a later date to agree. to some plan
to avoid friction in the issuance of the
Joint label and other matters affecting th-»
allied trades. The convention adjourned
sine die at 6 o'clock this evening.
Stabbing- Affray, at Hydesville.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FERNDALE, Aug. 18.— Two members of
a- fishing, crew quarreled last night, with
fatal results at Hydesvllle.l'A. C." Lewis,
one of the men involved, was tormenting
a small boy, when R, H.' Heffly told him
to desist. Lewis drew a pocketknlfe and
turned 7 on the boy's protector. 1 - stabbing ,
ADJOURNMENT Of THE
PRINTERS' CONVENTION
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— Among the pas
sengers who arrived to-day on board the
American ¦ line : steamer St. Paul from
Southampton were Archbishop Corrigan
and Bishop McDonniell of Brooklyn.
DES MOINE3, la.. Aug. ; lS.-The trus
tees of the Des Molnes Baptist College,
who are seeking to raise an endowment
fund of $100,000. have Just been notified
by ' John D. Rockefeller that ha will give
the institution $50,000 on condition that o
like' sum Is raised by the trustees them
selves. The trustees have raised $25,000.
Archbishop Corrigan in New : York.
Gift by Rockefeller.
er, five miles south of here, wan set on
fire and destroyed last night, apparently
in an attempt to ditch the north-bound
passenger ¦. train. I The train was checked
just-ln time to prevent it from going into
the Tiver. ; .
CHICAGO. Aug. 18.— Two carloads of
mall which . were on ; the - train * that went
into . the river at . Sandusky.;. yesterday, in
the wreck ' on \ the Lake Shore < and '. Mlchi
gan'Southern reached here to-day. --it Is
all badly wdter-soaked and in many cases
It' was found \ Impossible • to :. decipher j the
name of >, the ; sender or the addresse.
Water-Soaked Mail.
BIDDEFORD, Me., Aug. 18.— All depart
ments of the Pepperell Manufacturing
Company's cotton mills in this city and
the York Cotton Mills in Saco 'shut down
to-day until September 4. ~~ Five thousand
operatives are employed In these mills.
The cause of the shut-down ; is •-under
consumption of the jsroduct, i due In part
to the curtailment of the export trade on
account of,- the Chinese troubles. ;
Cotton Mills Close.
CHICAGO. Aug. ¦. 18.— All the roads cen
tering in Chicago expect that during the
remainder of the month their passenger
departments will be swamped with busi
ness. Grand Army traffic especially prom
ises to be heavy The difficulty encoun
tered by each road is finding cars, and
each road would like to borrow > from its
neighbors. The business attendant upon
the encampment will be the largest ln
years, railroad officials declare. Aside
from ¦ the veterans who > will • come here,
large numbers of people will take advan
tage of the reduced rates to come to Chi
cago to do fall shopping. Agreed rates,
one fare for the round trip, are being
pretty well maintained., There have been
rumors of rate cutting . in isolated cases,
but little attention is paid to them.
Heavy Traffic Expected.
JESSUP. Ga.. Aug. 18.— Reports from
that portion of Liberty County where the
negroes and white people have been In
arms several days defying each other,
show the situation to be unchanged. Th«
Liberty Guards, 'a cavalry company
called out by Governor Candler yesterday
to protect Hfe and. property at Liberty
City, together with a large force of armed
citizens, are patrolling the streets and
surrounding country. , The negroes are
said to be in large numbers in the- swamp
a short distance away.. Neither Bide is
shewing any "belligerent activity and no
more trouble may arise If the Sheriff suc
ceeds in capturing the negro leaders, but
the danger ls not yet considered over.- '
changed -hiring the Day.
Situation in Georgia Remains Un-
NEGROES QTJTET.
the latter over the heart. Only the «hort
iicfs of the blade prevented Heffly'B death
irom being Instantaneous. There Is, how
ever, but small hope of his recovery.
Lewis is being held pending the action
of the District Attorney andf the results
of the wounds.
N'ETV YORK, Aug. IS.— Joseph Rablner,
the younp man who shot and killed his
brothrr-ln-law, If-zsuc Stein, and wounded
his father and himself on the evening of
Aufrust y. at Rnckaway, died to-day. The
young man had been suffering from con
sumption for a long time, but his death
reRulted directly from the bullet wound
Inflicted by himself. Habiner had quar
reled with hi? father because he thought
he was not allowed sufficient money to
live on. Stein, Joseph's brother-in-la^.
Interfered to save the elder Rabiner. and
was himself killed. Jacob Rabiner. the
father, has practically recovered from his
wounds.
Millhands Laid Off. !
YILMIXGTOX. Del.. Aur-. 18.— The pud- j
i'Ts helpers and mlllhands of the Dia- '
Jt^.'l State 'Steel Company received no- I
tice to-day that they wore Indefinitely '
laid off until the mill* resume running. ¦
It Is estimated that 1CKK> to 15W hands are.
affected. The employes were notified if.
they wished to return to work, when. the
mills start npaln to leave their names ;
with the foreman. j
jvory of mob law coming from Portage
jTville, Pemiscot County, concerns the mys-
I tTJoas disappearance of Thomas Cook, a
Voted rambler, who for a number "of
year* has boon a teiTor of the authorities
in Southwest Missouri, and two compan
ions.
Cook and his companions went to Por
taprrville recently and attempted to run
things to suit themselves. One night last
week the three disappeared. It is said
that the citizens, becoming incensed, se
cretly banded togrcther. arrested the trio
and taking them to the Mississippi
drowned them. Th9 alleged details have
Just leaked out.
Cheats the Gallows.
Disappearance of Thomas Cook and
His Two Companions at Last
Accounted For.
POPLAR BLUFF, Iowa, Aug. 18.— A
OUTLAWS ARE THROWN
INTO THE MISSISSIPPI
pastors here that his investigation of
church affairs there is about ended and
he expects to make his personal report
to the Pope early in November.
It Is not stated, however, whether his
views on the retention of ecclesiastic
property by the local friars coincide with
those of *Dr. Xozaleda, Archbishop of
Manila, who Is outspoken In their favor.
For Eome time past there have been ru
mocs that Dr. Chappelle is strongly in
favor of the friars, but nothing definite
on the subject will be known until he ac
quaints Pope Loo with the result of his
observations. Dr. Chappelle will not re
turn to his see before next spring, as he
Intends to spend the winter In France.
__
Will Beport on Conditions in the
Philippines Early in No
vember.
WASHINGTON". Aug. IS.— Archbishop
Chappelle. the Apostolic delegate to the
Philippines, has written to one of the
ARCHBISHOP CHAPPELLE'S
WORK ALMOST ENDED
One of California's Argonauts — Actor,
Auctioneer, Hunter, Fisherman —
Is Drowned in the Salinas.
Eiwifll DUsatcb to The Call.
WASONVILLE, Aug. IS.— The body of
Ralph Snowden, a well-known pioneer
character in this section of the State, was
found floating in the Salinas River near
Moss Landing to-day. It is supposed that
Sncwdtn, who pursued the occupation of
a OSherman and hunter, was overturned
from his boat while fishing near the
mouth of the river. Snowden was a pio
neer of California. In early days he was
en actor an'l afterward a leading auc
tioneer. For many years he had lived in
this section and no character hereabouts
ru better known than "Old Ralph, the
Shakespearean Scholar." He was a
brother of A. I... Snowden of Philadelphia,
at one time Postmaster of that city, af-
director of the Philadelphia mint.
: id also a Minister to Greece under Presi
¦ ent Harrison. Ralph was aged about 70
years.
DEATH CLOSES STRANGE
CAREER OF RALPH SNOWDEN
Washlngton— C. E. Blackwell. Concully,
Okanogan County, vice Charles Hermann,
resigned; John Axlinp. Delta. Whatcom
County. \ice G. A. Brenner, resigned.
Pensions issued: California — Additional
—John M. Arnold, Soldiers' Home. Los
Angeles, |S. Renewal— Benjamin F. Ste
phens. Selma. $S. Increase— Thomas S.
Champeny. Hay ward, $-s. Reissue — Pren.
tiss M. Jones. l>->leta. $12.
Oregon— Increase — Richard S. Ruther
ford. Ontario. $S; John Kline, Kings Val
ley. $S.
The postafiic* at Lakeview. Or., will be
come Presidential on October 1- SaJary
of postmaster Jli'X).
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
sions Granted.
Epefl&l Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON*. Aug. IS.— A postofflce
has been established at Silvano. San TH
ego County, and James Thomson appoint
ed Postmaster. The postofflce at Buell,
Santa Barbara County, has been discon
tinued. Mail should be sent to Ballard.
Postmasters commissioned: Washing
ton—Henry Randolph. Tamplce.
Appointed: California— E. W. Trlstler,
Wildomar. Riverside County, vice C. II
L^wis, resigned.
The Minister of Commerce. M. Mlller
and. also made a speech. The exercises
were Interspersed with music, and were
concluded at 5 p. m.
PAKIP. Aug. IS.— The ceremony of of
ficially announcing the awards made to
the exhibitors at the Paris Exposition
took place this afternoon. It was not
kss magnificent in Its pomp than the
ceremony attending the formal opening
of the exposition. The announcement of
Ute awards occurred In the Salles * des
Fetes. This hall, which in itself is one of
the most beautiful, was extravagantly
decorated, though following the same
peneral orn am on tat! on as on the opening
day. Fully 15.000 persons attended the
exercises, which began at 3 o'clock.
President Loub*»t. who was escorted by
m . c f bi ? et Ministers, presided, and all
°f?l£ laJ I l arls 1 - deluding the diplomatic
corps and the foreign commissioners.
wera present. A feature w_Mch gave spe
cial animation to the spei?5cle was the
entry of each commission and Its staff.
Including the uniformed guards, bearing
the f.ags of their respective countries.
President L»oubet. aft«*r the "Mar
e^illaiee" had been rendered by an im
mense orchestra, opened the ceremonies
u « a El ? ort address, in which he
thanked ali the participants for the aid
they had given In making the exposition
a success. He also expressed regret at
the fact that the closing hours of the ex
position were approaching, and added
. "But there is consolation in the belief
that the -spirit of ephemeral work will
.survive, and that the exposition has
served to establish between the govern
ments and the people relations and bonds
more durable than heretofore. Strangers
win appreciate henceiorth that France is
a country of peace and Industry."
The President then placed in the hands
of the presidents of the various Juries
the list of swards.
President Loubet Makes a Short Ad
dress in Which He Thanks All the
Participants for the Aid
They Have Given.
Ceremony Equals That at
the Opening of the
Exposition.
ANNOUNCEMENT
OF AWARDS AT
THE PARIS FAIR
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19, 1900.
5:
25
\ "i * I Only Had Good Health!"
I How many, times a day do you hear that? Klen and . /^^c^^P^o^^
• women, groaning under the intolerable burden of debility, Z'K^W^: \
i > taking no interest in anything, come to regard good health jjl vi^i^^^^&^i J 'xL
0 as; something unattainable. ; Arid.it is to those who suffer .^^^^m^sry^s^jLJ^^^^s
.. from nervous debility, rheumatism, kidney, bladder and fdO'dl tttf$$*'
. urinary troubles ; to those who rise in the morning with / 7 / Vw >
aching backs and go through the |day depressed and gloomy. What to them is the attraction
° of the^holiday? The brightness of spring? It seems to them that life is not worth living. They
• need strength. They need the blood which now courses sluggishly through their veins to be
'f ? c^ffge'd with the life-giving- fluid— Electricity— bracing the ner\ ; es, strengthening the tissues
o and 'making the physical frame strong and vigorous. ' To such people drugs are use-
o 'iess. Electricity is the only, thing to help them, and they want to have the current flowing
W ; through thesystem for hours at a time. To secure that they need one of my DR. SANDEN
p- jELEOTRIC BELTS, 1900 Model, the sure and certain remedy. ' Call and see me. " My office
• hours are from 9 to 6, or oh Sundays from 10 to I; Or, if you cannot call, write for my new,
bookV Genuine Sanden Belts are never sold in drug stores.
0 DR T A SANDEN cornir market, otarrell and grant aye.
O ' . .¦•' . SAM FHMMCISCO, CAL.
""¦' — —^ .^p—^^—^P— -^^~~; 9 ~~ —¦ HM *^^"^^^~" O ™* A ¦
J^E^EMPORITJII^ \jj THE EMPORIUM. . | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOEIUlt J >- THE EMPORIUM. : | THE EMPCBIUM.
j; New Waist Garniturss— Cut out Taffeta reveres and lined Eastern WSSff ff V*WM N ' S ' G ' ™' Parisian Novelties— In Bach Pins from -51.00 to $10.00 each; %
£ in Bi:k star Lraid, $1.75 pair; Black Satin Bolero?, appliqued o i Point d'E^rit net, ftantS |||E Bul?3la^l^B%j HI HM Flags. Buttling Jeweled "B^ch Combs, 2"c to - 7.G0; Pompadour Hair 7^//v from 10c op; Cabinet
* $2.75 pair, and many other rovelties from ?1. 60 to $5.50. Also now Batten berg for three day?, B»^Oolrfeirft"ttCte»aizata^ 5 Dtcoratin Hair 7V/M ' hz and Sc; Vic ! orh . S-fth Pins, 5c a card; Linen Ma^h 5*.->U«. 23c «
X Braids in cream, white and black, 4c to Fjs yard. 12^Cm Caufornias . larqest-americas grandest 'store. ¦•'•' {Materials.* pair— Notion Departmtn— Main P.cor. " ]'-•}?' "¦ Jj h
| The beautiful marble statue "California Venys," by 'Rupert [Schmid , on free exhibition in Attraction Hall— Second Floor. J
| SssBes of FurmtMs*® ®bhs$ f House >Fur nisMngs. First Exhibits of New Faii ffioosis I
$ S16.5O, $18.00 and §20,00 •_ -'.. ¦¦:.__ - ¦". - - 4 ~~ « ,V , w Men's $15, j^- 3
K Dresses $fO*5O* *^ " Ready-Mado Sheets, 56u Huck Towels, i 6c* SWSOand tr9 *
fl , . ' . . _ .. _ Bought month? ago at a very low price, a large lot of -ready-to- 200 dozen Heavy Hnck Towels, sizes 20x4T inches, with wht9, Ji +mf J^J} « .* jK^f ¦ "Jj
£> ,+*08k ¦ Assorted lot of this Bea«on s Tailor Dresses use Sheets, maie of the famous N 3 w York Mill Shesting,' size red or b ue borders, closed out from a jjbbsr at an excep- &S7.5O SUIIS 'S
V" alof best mihni, neweircolow «ad 81 x9Mnchos. offered at special s lie Mo 1 lay only, ..^ tiooallv low figure, wilt be placed on sa'e Monday -,• #-__. fi»«/i Tg- (\ V^ \ 5
% f^4 fnd4)oTSavo? %J'O5O cachl ~-- ¦¦¦¦¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦.¦¦¦¦.¦¦.-.¦OOC only, each.. ...JSC , TOr$BU*75* / f*^ j!
£ srW£§ wlBoinasiaiooroiBam 25c Prints Piques, 15c. $1.75 Comforters for $1.38. U : " tA I
K // IK for 5/3- 5C-Assor;ed lot of this A remarkable wash iabrc cflferine: for Monday only, 700 yards On Monday onlv. exielleat quality silkolina covire I Cra'ortera. J*£ J 5. . JJ v .ijTA. n
5- /A\,JJ feason-B battsr grades of P.no T.i or Printed Piques suitable for ladies' or children's dress?.?, boys' filled with fine white double-cardad cotton hanl tuftel weeK — successful inasmuch I J TtFL/ A n
* Hn\ir Dresses, best sty es and colors and finest wafsts, etc., fast colorings and sty'.iih design?, regu- -— with worsted, sizs 72x78 inche?, our regular $1.7 >,-*«, *» n a3 lt ls accomplishing its ob- W I /If l\ 2
|//>a4 making, regularly $:2.53 aodj^^O; larly 25c a yard, tc-morrow fSC Comforter for...... .&1.3& ject by rapidly clearinp; out CUUJ l\ \ %
* till] oSt^ flh 5 *Pn — — ' 1 ¦ present stock to make room W \$^[ fJ.?
I / L K«-«^^».o^5^- . Mous® Furnishinn* an d Gpn**fcf**w for the ne; v Fan ciothin, now "^d/ 4
$> j \\ lot of th s seascn's Finest Dresses, noth- , *T»«^Wr»C? r 9MM MBB&nMngj9 €MMMmM V# v C^CrfiS(Crff*Jf« en rcute from the Eist. pi) «i
*i I \ \ ing better made, more expen=iv», but H> r „,.„„ „, ¦¦ , T . D , _.. . . '¦ . ' . . , Lots still remain unbroken, S^Jui " '"<:?%
V I \ \ nnriA u.t. r . tn mni>mw -?.f .n.1 »v < Gjnumo Havi and Lw.o^ei Parlor or Dining-room Lamp, tinted in pink or , , ,, , I r-r'li I "3
«» I I y\ none De:ier, lO-morrow m 'iw iv > . < <**i^-»~ir> i .£a»*-~.^»w. - />,, . »-»• d i j • .•> y i -j-l r i ... • . r~» nnri wo nnxro nnnon eaxrarti \ I A I ,3t
> 1] 'I / \ only Gffl Oft /^3^^l^^^5>\ nina Dinner Set, da ntily dsc- green with spray of flowe^J Dainted on shale J] " u we nave acmeu several *
X II L^S «*r» nn - t ii#o '"an i /JZ/J^lf oiatod w<th P ink flowers, com- tnl bow), very hanlsoms, 6D-can11e power, M new styles and patterns — all /*$$ A - *
S (J 2T SSaa a A^?lfr^A\ o ti/?M^' ll^^^=^2^^1 #fe) p!et ® r I 2 P? - S ° nS: a grG3t and center draft, round burner with a lift out • /^^Sk. Worsted Cheviots and Cassi- A f I >J
I %>* |ffiffip«i&ffii^ t,^r^.^J:i.i\.k^%(^^\ r es , , in t sle a K donb:e 1 I %
I' - . . . . ets and a large number of la^t season s Carls tad China Tea Set, 41 Humboldt Washing MaoMno, best breasted sacks and 3-button f% I :^*
Z P^lpSr^lP^^^I^St A W3
*: on fa e Monday on'y $5.OO ¦ ¦_^ . lC-piec 3 Chamber Set, American semi- shap- with braw niilc; 14 and " 15 inchw. A^i^^\ garment fitting hke a made-to- //|\ [f* %
ft Second Floor-Front. «^^v^c^v porcelain, new and gracjfui -hape. roled each lOv; 16 and 17 in has, each f 5c V^lR-y Order One; all Size3; SUlts that j / I 1 <ij
fc* tfo — - *r~TTo In !c *~^lm *- • 1*^W^ ..))• -edge ba»in, git edges with colored flower J$» tVr/ncCPS.vo) I were $15, $16.50 and $ 17. ?>0 — I/I / 'vJp^ -J|
tf $2.75 Bed Spreads for $1.95. X^fS^/ Oration, compete for.......... se.oo mi h- -HS frS^iIS^^^giBSr now..!:...! $10.75 i&M ¦ S
. if Fine Wcite Satin-Finished Spreads, for the la -c;e 'tdoub'e bads, P<f^l**P •• Fruit, N«t Flower or Berry D ; sh, oval B Wringers, 10-inch : «J|
5 e'e^ant designs iiraised effects on p ah satin-Bni'hBd ground- ,?*&. <v»* *nJs^3&m . ahape, fancy gold edgeanl ¦Jg-SSiyas^S rollers of gool " jfa D om^«BM» 0A#lf7fi'MM M
' Jf wo-k; la center and a'l-over patterns, pearl hemmed, ready £z£k%£325£&Mxkr^ eoid fe9t ' ln new canary. . rubber> re , n iarly $2.00; on sa'e iLp US 8 MSiS&SS? U£Z2ziZ,il532fUy i
;5 for use, size £4x92 inches, our reguar $2.75 ,-*-«— V^ co 'o r .°P al Rlasswrw; aprettv If ffifei M->ndiv:.......... ...$3.49 mm - #r r- KTA h
: J Spread for ..$1*95 JU]^ QjL$ Washboard, (uli size, p'ain rib- HOUSeliOlU LlUenS, Etc* %
I New Fail Silks iS^^^Kw^^liMM^I c^^ t'^S^^iS/!^3S^jf!rS 2^^F"l :^ a^ a^ ?x Td i" x ?** r^5"2o : 1
; B r Scfa^£ n^rs 'S^=ii^^Ap _^^ B -^g^-riv^^^^^^^ pi^i^il^ilii#f
1 5 ciously aad economically have tlnse fabrics been selected'froTi tt«- P V j B pi. pcr ° iil"" "•••••••"••••So* 60 and 7o Me^uring Caps, indiciling | and J cun% R ''"'''{ ••••••-•;•••••• ••••••• ...S7.50 to $20.00 >tJ
I manded in previous seasons. qualities nave com 3-fcot bier ve Boards-For fhirt waists, children's garm-nts, V \:S:- US Sannn-Fnr h^t. /^V^>K_ -****** Jbe abzxt Curtains are m the nrx de^ns , or Fail tni *
. % 2Mnch solid colored Ta/fofa-Braided effect, yard 75o ilwS wS \ ' ' " ?°° in e batter, etc., enam-^iV^*" 55 *^^^ Winter, , 9 oo, .r.d-xMle lound exc.p'.tonaly good values at J
1 f^^^s^t^^m^m^ ' e ' ed handle> bHght tin ateei " wi iog W^^§#w^ k %i c \
£ ?i inrli r*r>nnr> rin /Sfifnn r»w "V ' "z v ¦ v ¦ "2-iQch Cream Damask, ne-.v designs, vd 75O "2
i^P^^i liiliii R^pB WS&m Si ¦ W^^^S^
I of^nb^e, gray, reds, browns, cerise, navy, purple etc . \A» immense stock of the kind of Furniture and Carpets that experienced housekeepers want at $
g MBW:B1aok:siikm^V^ii^0^^fi^Z bar^ ain P rices - Qualities, styles and workmanship are as nearly perfect a^ possible. Every price is a h uck To wols-Good grade, hemmed, 17x32 inch^ Aoz- *
5 £mS«retc atin nS L rt«rfn fA^ B ">tj n f 8 ' sur P rise - a lad ""prise. These few quotations indicate the money-saving prices on Furniture and Car- DaroasHrow^ h'aw *
* satins and Tif toils 17 STSS pets during this sale: ' gaaiity, whit, or colored borders, dozen i $2.25*
i 52-inch All-WOOl HantOSt,uns-Ne* Pal°eTloViS. Wardrobo Ot Golden Oalr-Hardsome y carved Mantol Folding B O d-GMn oak with a fi^cabinet °f; GO * e «' G/a * s Lincn-E^j quality. 16 tadrj I
I p|p^fei|^g|pi|i hSaf^^^^^Pcf^"^ z^^^ts^z^^^^%:
i s^^^^J^^^rs;v-;i;^ w ; o rnef^ = $22.5 G
« ofgray.brownandcastor.fortaHor.uitsandseparate.kirts Book OasOB Gulden oak; highly polished;
| JS-£ t?a h - — eS » £ Sffl =S^^^.nC«tfi::.«?*7« SAR^SC^ftffii'a 91.75 , Books Less Than Half* J
S $32.50 Bedroom Suits for $23.7 '5-The 3-piece solid i "X^KrSSSSt^
| Caramels, Buttercups, lb.25o French Salted A m^nds.lb.SOc oak bedroom suit shown in illustration; dresser has French ptate 1^^^^=^ D ° W ' eiDg S ° ld * tta " haf !8?S#' PriCM " 1
E Maney-Savinq Groceries. beveled-edge mirror, 30x24 inches-a, handsome, carefully constructed '-^^^^L > P^ P?£l
I A f/am8-B e3 tE,ternSa.arCore-a3davs' Set the realvalueof Which is $32.50; AA ? -*g- f^ff^ "The Fi«ht for Santiago," Bon.aJ QBo \
% Sh sa£ -Monday. TutsJay ana "lV t drusJaJ- during this sale . ............ ~ 71 |"^ \ Q Sampjon Through the W ? r,-.Gaode Z.m 9QO %
tf (fjV lb ..;. %2\ O n**~m%**4** y=f_J ;#4/f. "Sta ky & Co.". Kipling 1.50 50*3
£ U\ Wheaflne-Large size package... UarpGfS. : v J ~ \ / <"'% \ ' The Martian " Da Maurier 1.75 35o%
I /JffS\ m^ii^i^m^^ 50 r guarantee these prices to be the lowest ever named in " this j^ffafe^ r^S^2^Eg^liS^JJS %%% \
% \V ) -" • for25o market for e^ ual qua^ies. It you are going to recarpet any- rooms this «^^~ip^——--4i * Stories of the Riilroad." Hill.. 1.25 75o 3
ll W^-P EmP ° riUm Graham "our-im wk. ¦ fall, or contemplate furnishing a home, buy now. .You will never have a 7 Jg %%l %
\*"^^S. BrigbV"^apofiar^""^iiV#c*off- better chance. E>CI(1 ~ % . 'Toting Mist ley." H. Seton M«rima'n".V. 1.25 5UO *
|J Mondar, lb .- 12G Tapostry Brussels— Large and sm ill designs; dinin»-roara parlo- and - \7=^~^ i^, ** " V il "Cvaso De Ber/e'ac," Ha'l Translation 50 2So 2
X Curry Powder- Crossed Blackweil's, tottle 15c rhember effects; jiretty colorinKs; a serviceable carpet-now, per yard" 42lG XC^ 1 Sturges Wajjer." E)g,.r Morette 50 25c *
V Farcy Golden Oafos—'b ". g Oc Extra Quality TafJOKiry Brussels— In all of *"""" *».«*.« And many oth ? r^ too numerous to mention. fi
K V. an S y T ,J? Salt—W^tcTj brand, 10-lb. sacks 1Bc the latest thades and co'oring8; parlor, dining-room or nugS* : :
J' " — ______ city at the gale price, per yard SUC Genuine Axmlnstcr Ruga- She 60x __ well made, serviceable cart. f|/////7 *
£ Monday LiaiMOr Safe. HiohGradoAxmln8ia^» m 'tleheo}orlng!c\wlyvoveii J^ inChe3; Persian and Oriental effects. &JZ.S& only... $3.1O <8&m\\m*\ \
$ ffirtofbTZblron^^ Mattings-Do^^ carp'et eZ/ct' patterns hf,^ 1 '-*** BO " "' MMU^) *
V Celery FhosphatO- A bkoi and nerve medicine. Mon- and varied assortment; per yard....... 22\c cJmVJ™ ,&^*:""i*o"o VV Z' * JJl( 'V i Wrh plain' tires S3.OO ' /®4/^ VT \Al s/ -2
J day, half gallons £2gKKK :. $ICO Customers may select Carolts now ani we hold them for del fv '^ SftBSiJSi VE^^SS S
| Q-tbott.es ..TOO | Pint bottle. 27o ery on any date desired until October 1, 1930. ried i^x^^^^tS^lS^ 916m00- B O nS Fl"^ m^~ S^ $FASHION HINT FROM PARIS, i
Several Berkeley graduates have -been honored
by ; the National Government with .the- important duty
of f Americanizing 'the Filipinos. ' TheV young peda
gogues must expect to. enjoy. an extremely long life. '¦
;In\two weeks^his; Honor. the ,^Iay6r, will again be
among his faithful; subjects." It -is. sincerely to be"
hoped" that he will bring": no new-fangled notions of
municipal government with which to rack our nerves?
Captain Jack, the. chief of the Modocs.
who. gave the country, a bad quarter of
an hour and was -executed for it. had a
literal supply of .that dry. wit so peculiar
to the Indian. A clergyman waited upon
the tough old chieftain to offer consola
tion. He ended up a long exhortation Dy
saying: "And if you repent of your wick
edness in fighting good white men the
Great. Spirit will permit you to go to
heaven." r With all : the politeness In the
world Captain Jack inquired: "Do you
think you will; go to that place?" "Cer
tainly.V said the minister: "if I should
dle^to-day I would be there before night."
Quick as . a flash came the answer: ."If
you will take my place and be hanged to
morrow .- 1 will give ; you forty ponies."
The offer was , not ¦ taken and ; the clergy
by • le » ?'ect
The Minister Declined.
If the newspaper pictures of Ziegler, the Santa
Cruz wife niurderer, be accurate, the assassin prob
ably changed his plea of guilty to not guilty because
he believes he is too fat to hang.
More than 12,000 German residents of San Fran
cisco are insisting to the Board of Education that
physical culture can be taught in the schools to bet
ter advantage by local instructors than by the im
ported experts, of the board. Perhaps the argument
would receive more force if an actual test were made
upon three members of the board.
The three young men of Cripple Creek who threw
dice for the privilege ofwedding three song-and-dance
women will probably find that they will be asked to
cancc to a song not to their liking.
TRAVELING MANTLE.
xkub garment,, which is so practical for
travellnsrand for taking drives, should bo
made of Swedish cloth, with trimming of
narrow cross strips of satin to match.
The cloak is movable and is fastened by
buttons placed under the turned-down
collar. It Is lined with cream satin.
> Teacher— John, what are .your boots
made of? - ¦ . - .- ' ¦ ¦ ¦;
. . Boy^-Of leather. .
' .Teacher — Where does the - leather come
from ?
i Boy— From the hide of : the , ox.
. Teacher— What "' animal, ]' therefore, sup
plies • you with * boots r and gives, you " meat
to'eat?/ '; ¦ ' .- • ; " v ,,'v •>¦¦ .- ' '•
- Boyr-My; father.— Tit-Bits..
The' house surgeon'of a" London ~. hos.
pltal was attending to, the 'injuries of a
poor, woman whose'arm had beenseverely
bitten.* As he was ; dressing, the wound he
said: ; VI cannot make out, what sortof.a
creature* bit you. > 'This is* ! too small '¦ for ; a
horse's ' bite and too", large"-, for.- a dog's."
"Oh,; sir,", repliedlthe patient, ; "It wasn't
a hanimal ; it was another , lydy."— Pilot.
THE.SOURCB. / .
IT WASN'T AN ANIMAL.
"Wife (reading)— Another mysterious sui
cide — unknown man throws himself from
a cliff. .
...Husband (thoughtlessly)— Bet - his wife
was at the bottom of It.' • (
Wife— Charles !
Husband (hurriedly)— Of the cliff, my
love; not the suicide,— Collier's Weekly.
SARCASTIC.
Hardup— I'm very sorry," but I can't pay
you to-day. You see, the grocery man
has just been here, and-^- —
Butcher • (Interrupting)— Yes, I Just met
him, and he said »ou put; him off because
you had to pay me. So here's the bill.—
Chicago News. '
DIDN'T WORK.
"Where is the electrician?" yelled
Noah, as he groped his way toward the
engine-room. Thus, even In the days of
yore, there ' was much " commotion when
the arc lights went out.*— Brooklyn Life.
EVEN IN DAYS OF YORE.
She— Ned Bunkerly _ought to have some
respect for the Sabbath day.
He— What has he done now? >
She— "Why, this morning he was half an
hour late at the links.— Ufa.
ON SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
Teacher— Johnny, tell me the name oi
the tropical belt north of the equator.
' Johnny-^-Can't, sir.
Teacher— Correct. That will do.— Yale
Record. :-V
"They saythe young man Melissa Per
kins Is goln' to marry Is a reg'lar para
gon."
."Land sakes! r>o tell!. I' thought hie
¦was a clerk in a grocery." — Chicago
Times-Herald. - -;/.-#
CORRECT.
SHOCKING.
"De trouble In dls life," said Uncle
Etien, "Is dat de voice o' duty can't do
no mo'n whisper, while de voice o' pleas
ure uses a megaphone."— Chicago News.
OTHER.
THE STILL SMALL VOICE AND THE
FOR CALL READERS.
' From this incomplete list of the Californian win
ners of gold medals and grand prizes we may derive
good reasons for believing. that when the full list. is
published we shall have cause to be well pleased with
the record our State has made for itself in the great
competition at Paris. It is to be noted here also that
among the foreigners who have been decoratedvwith
the insignia. of the Legion of Honor by the Presi
dent of the" French republic in recognition of their
service at the exposition is M. H. de Young. That of
course counts as another honor, designed for the
State,, and is an evidence of the favorable impression
that California has made upon the exposition authori
ties' by the display of industrial energy and skill and
enterprise. BBBSmSBSnI
Notwithstanding, the handicap that was put upon
the wines of the State by the arbitrary ruling of the
judges concerning the labels of some of them, we
carry off quite a number of the grand prizes and gold
medals in that department' The reported list gives
the names of the California "Wine, Association, San
Luis Vineyard and the Sierra Madre Vintage Com
pany. In other departments the lists include the
names of such noted California industries as the. New
Almaden Mining Company, (California Packers' Com
pany, California CannersV Company,, Pacific, Cream
eries, Standard Electric Company, George Fuller
Company of San Francisco and the Alaska Packers'
Association. r '¦'"•¦:
Among the exhibitors to whom have been awarded
grand prizes or gold medals the California Commis
sion "figures prominently. It is named in the list of
winners in the department of civil engineering and
transportation, in the department of mining and
metallurgy, in the department of agriculture, while
in the department of forestry and fisheries it is twice
named. Of the State boards and commissions that
receive honors California is represented by the Board
of Agriculture, the Mining Bureau, __the Board of
Health, the State also gets honors for Public
Charities and Corrections. The University of Cali
fornia is named among the winners in the depart
ment of higher education, and Stanford University in
the department of forest and fisheries.
PRELIMINARY reports thus far telegraphed of
the awards of prizes and honors among the ex
hibitors at the Paris Exposition are too incom
plete to show what will be the full measure of Cali
fornia's share in them. Only the list of grand prizes
and gold medals has been given out at all, and even
that comes in a form so condensed that in. many
points it is not clear. Enough, however, is revealed
to make it certain that when all the awards are pub
lished in detail California will stand high among the
States of the Union and take a foremost place in the
list of the prize-winners.
HONORS FOR CALJFORNIANS.
In the end machinery will, of course, triumph in
China as it has triumphed elsewhere; but in the chang
ing of the old order to the new we must expect con
tinual disturbances and: civil strife in the ; empire.
European officials take; an optimistic ; view of the situ-:
ation and predict that, when the "Boxer insurrection
has been suppressed the foreign trade, will ; increase
even more rapidly than it has in the last decade. That
means, there is to be in.China such a ', market for! for
eign goods as has never been in the world, and
it is because of that belief the commercial nations are
now so eagerly urging "on the invasion and .at 1 the
same time watching one another so jealously. In fact,
it is quite nn the cards that ithh same foreign trade
which has led to civil- war "in China may. yet lead to
When the foreign trade of a people increases more
than 100 per cent in less than ten years it is evident
a serious disturbance has taken place in the estab
lished order of industry and commerce. Many people
have - profited by the . new trade, and doubtless the
community as a whole has benefited by it; but, on
the other hand, many persons-have been injured by
the foreign competition, and naturally, they are in
clined to make desperate efforts to prevent an exten
sion of it. ¦ [ _ :
In this view of the case the Boxer revolt is not
widely different from the disturbances caused: in Eu
rope and in this country by the introduction of labor
saving machinery. The disturbance in'China is greater
than that experienced in any civilized nation partly
because more people in China have been affected by
the new form of industry, and partly because the Gov
ernment has to some extent least sympathized with
the reactionary movement and encouraged it.
The theory is not lacking in evidence to confirm it.
The development of Chinese trade has been indeed
remarkable. Statistics recently published by the
Chinese Imperial Maritime Customs show the fol
lowing facts: "In 1890 the value of the net imports
from foreign countries into China was 127,093,481
Haikwan taels, and of the exports from China" to for
eign countries 87,144,480 Haikwan taels, a total of
214,237,961. Haikwan taels. There has been a steady
and continuous increase since 1890. In 1899 the net
iinports were valued at 264,748,456 Haikwan taels, and
the exports at 195,843 Haikwan taels, a total of 460,
533,288, or considerably more than twice as much
as in 1890."
To these various suggestions there is now added
another. A correspondent of the New York Com
mercial attributes the disturbance to purely commer
cial causes. He says: "The movement is clearly the
work of wire-pullers in high places who are alarmed
at the rapid growth of external commerce and the
people's eagerness to adopt the industrial mechanism
and appliances of the west." Chinese foreign trade
has expanded enormously as a result of the railway
construction in the empire, and as new concessions
had been obtained for further railroads, the conserva
tive industrial element of the empire saw that if they
were to preserve the old order of things the time had
come to strike and strike hard.
JV/l ANY explanations have been given of the re
/ \ volt in China. To the missionary it appears
* an outbreak of. superstition . and . paganism.
against the true religion; the statesman sees in it an
outburst of defiance on the part of barbarism against
civilization; while there are not lacking philosophers
who perceive in the Boxer an illustration of the vio
lence which ' "degenerates" can commit when once
they are permitted to gain headway.
CHINA'S FOREIGN TR0DE.
This outgoing class, faced toward fortune hoped
for, is the drain upon us. Turning to immigration as
a source of supply of population, it will be seen that
our geographical position serves to make selection for
us that is most desirable. As it was in the beginning,
so is it now and will be, world ' without end. The
European immigration and that from the Eastern
States is picked and selected by distance. We get the
best, therefore we do not get as many as deploy upon
fields that are nearer to their point of departure. We
get the best in quality and therefore the least in" quan
tity.
When these considerations are taken into the calcu
lation, it will be seen that San Francisco has no
cause to be downcast because of the showing of the
census. She remains the financial and commercial
center of all this west coast, from Point Barrow to
Cape Horn, and none will arise in the future to dis
turb her primacy. ,
AH these really belong to us. They had no other
permanent abiding place. When their errand abroad
is finished the survivors return to ua. When they
speak of home in their exile they mean San Fran
cisco, and this city is their boast and toast. .
People here have a continent behind them and an
ocean in front, each presenting every incentive to
stimulate the independence and self-reliance that are
the leading qualities of the far Western character.
They go forth to the conquest of fortune, and when it
is ms.de the victors return to us with the wealth that
has rewarded their genius and courage. Of course all
do not come back as conquerors, and many fall, but
it has always been bo and will always be. This
process of 6wanning to far fields of human activity
and returning; with the legitimate Bpoils of industry
and thrift accounts for our excess of wealth when
measured in proportion to our population. Here the
rich and the well-to-do abound, because our sons that
have gone afar for fortune carry the shining memory
of the parent city with them, and when the fickle god
dess of gain has smiled upon them there is no other
part of the earth that excels this in attracting them.
So they come, as the lover to his lady, to find eve-y
well remembered charm enhanced and heightened by
time. and. here they rest in the enjoyment of their
competency.
It is safe to eay that when the census was taken
San Francisco had 20,000 absentees in the gold re
gions of Alaska, and a quarter as many more on the
eame quest in Mexico and South America. At least
10,000 others are in Australia, Japan, China, and seek
injj profit and adventure in far Siberia.
This city is the parent hive of the Pacific Coast Its
increase swarms away to every field of adventure and
enterprise. Whatever is attractive to the business in
stinct, from the South Sea Islands to the Polar
Circle, draws more upon our population than upon'
any other city.
THE low percentage of incr**ase in the population
of San Francisco has been commented oa.
While there is no doubt oi the fairness of the
census, it may be said truthfully that it does not
taily all that San Francisco is entitled to, and this is
no fault of the enumerators.
SAN FRANCISCO'S CENSUS.
On the 5th of June, 1860, in reply to
some strictures upon lack of ' design in
Mme. Defarge's death, he wrote to Bul
wer Lytton: "I am not clear and I never
have been clear respecting that canon of
fiction which forbids the interposition of
accident in such a case as Mme. De
farge's death. "Where the accident is in
separable from the passion and emotion
of the character, when it is strictly con
sistent with the whole design and arises
out of seme culminating proceeding on the
part of the character •which the whole
story has led up to, it seems to me to
become, as It were, an act of divine jus
tice. And when I use Miss Pross (though
In November, 1859, Dickens gave Mme.
Celeste permission to have a. dramatiza
tion made for the Lyceum Theater. Thi3
was accordingly done by Henry J. Riv
ers, Mme. Celeste appearing as Mme. De
farge. The same year another version was
made by Dickens' friend, Tom Taylor, and
produced at the Lyceum Theater In Jan
uary, 1S60. Dickens himself superintended
the rehearsals. "'«-<l* •
In October, 1859, he sent the proofsheets
of the entire novel to his friend Regnier
of the Comedie Francalse. "I want you
to read it," he says, "for two reasons.
Firstly, because I hope it is the best story
I have written. Secondly, because It
treats of a very remarkable time in
France; and I should very much like to
know what you think of its being drama
tized for a French theater. If you should
think it likely to be done, I should be glad
to take some steps toward having it well
done. The story is an extraordinary suc
cess here, and I think the end of it is cer
tain to make a still greater sensation."
Regnier replied that the representation
would probably be prohibited (this was
under the third Napoleon, "a saint on
earth, an angel in heaven," as he was
onco characterized ftfr me by a lady who
knew him). So the French stage lost a
fine melodrama and Regnier the chance
of his life in not being able to play Syd
ney Carton.
The outline of the* character and ad
ventures of Dr. Manette seems to have
occurred to him as early as' 1S46, when he
writes to Forster: "I have been thinking
this last day or two that good Christmas
characters might be ground out of the
idea of a man imprisoned for ten or fif
teen years, his imprisonment being the
gap between the people and the circum
stances of the first part and the altered
people and circumstances of the second,
and his own changed mind." Nothing
came of this, however, for many years.
"David Copperfield," "Bleak House" and
"Little Dorrit" were all written before
he really got to work on "A Tale of Two
Cities," in 1S58. We then find this Jotting
in. his memorandum book: "How as to a
story In two periods— with a lapse of time
between, like a French drama? Titles for
such a notion. Time! The Leaves of the
Forest. Scattered Leaves. Great
Wheel. Round and Round. Old Leaves.
Long Ago. Far Apart. Fallen Leaves,
i-^ve and Twenty Years. Years and Years.
Rolling Years. Day after Day. Felled
Trees. Memory Carton. Rolling Stones.
Two Generations." By August, 1859, he
had made good progress ¦with the story,
the construction of which was giving him
immense labor. "Nothing but the inter
est of the subject," he writes, "and the
pleasure of striving with the difficulty of
the forms of treatment, nothing in the
mere way of money, I mean, could also
repay the time and trouble of the inces
sant condensation. But I set myself the
little task of making a picturesque story,
rising in every chapter with characters
true to nature, but whom the story Itself
should express, more than they should
express themselves, by dialogue." Here
consciously or unconsciously he has laid
down a principle of dramatic construc
tion true for all time.
0-MORROW evening Henry Miller
T presents us with his "Piece of Re
sistance" (as Du Maurier would
say)— Freeman Wills' version of "A
Tale of Two Cities." In this, con
nection It may be not uninteresting
to take a glimpse at the workings
of Dickens' mind while he was construct
ing this extraordinary book.
HOW DICKENS WROTE
A TALE OF TWO CITIES
• • e
Time was, and that .not so long ago,
when the Dickens drama was all the
rage on our stage. Even those of us who,
though no longer twenty-one, have not
yet passed into the sere and yellow leaf,
can remember the inimitable humor of
Florence as Captain Cuttle and the quaint
pathos of Jefferson as Caleb Plummer.
Pickwick has been placed upon the stage
in no less than eight different versions;
Oliver Twist was played here (though it
6hould not have been) only last year;
Nicholas Nlckleby, which contains noth
ing dramatic, has had violent hands laid
on it five times; the Old Curiosity Shop
has been adapted for the stage by Charles
Dickens Jr. and has served as a basis for
innumerable presentations of Mrs. Jar-,
ley's Wax "Works; Barnaby Rudge has
been dramatized twice and Martin Chuz
zlewit five or six times (the latter book
has also appeared In German as a flve-act
comedy In verse entitled "Tartuffe Junior.
this is quite another question) to bring
about that catastrophe I have the posi
tive intention of making that half-comic
Intervention a part of the desperate wom
an's failure and of opposing that mean
death — instead of a desperate one'in the
streets, which she wouldn't have minded—
to the dignity of Carton'a. Wrong or
right, this was all design and seemed to
me to be In the fitnes3 of things."
Aristotle could not have thought this
out better nor could he have expressed It
better. Had Dickons worked out all his
incidents with like care we should have
been spared half he has written.
oder Martin Gelderxnann und Seine Er
ben"); A. Christmas Carol under the title
of "The Miser's Warning" wa3 brought
out, at the Royal Surrey Theater Febru
ary 5, 1S44. and again at the Adelphi In
December of the same year. Dickens ?aw
the performance at the latter theater
and wrote of It to Foster: "I saw tRe
Carol last night. Better than usual, and
"Wright seems to enjoy Bob Cratchit. but
heartbreaking to me. O heaven! i{ any
forecast of this wa3 ever In my mine!:"
Dombey and Son and David Copperfleld
were dramatized by Jchn Brougham and
were performed in New York before they
were In London. Bleak House haa ap
peared- as "Joe, Poor Joe." "Move On"
and "Lady Dedlock's Secret": Great Ex
pectations has been dramatized by no less
distinguished a writer than Mr. Gilbert.
Kitton's Dickensiana. published fourteen
years ago, gives a list of no less than
sixty plays which up to that time had
been drawn from Dickens' works^acd wo
may be sure that there have been several
since. Among all these A Tale of Two
Cities is best adapted to the stage and
among the numerous versions of this that
of Mr. Freeman Wills is the best.
Mr. .Robertson of 120 Post street has Just
sent me a charmingly Illustrated edition
of A Tale of Two Cities, from which 13
taken the picture that goes with this arti
cle. The little book is Interleaved with
photographs of scenes from the original
§roduction of the play In New York last
eptember and is sold at a price so ridic
ulously low that I am ashamed to mea
tion It. .
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
NOT GENTLEMEN.
Theatrical Manager— Haven't you read
the notice there, "Gentlemen are request
ed not to smoke In the theater V
Peasant— That's nothing to us. W^
don't pretend to be gentlemen; we're only
peasants!— Der Dorfbarbier.
HIS IMPRESSION.
"What's the use of spending so much
money in an election?" asked the friend.
"Great Scot!" answered Senator Sor
ghum. "What do you want a man to (Jo
with his money? Just let It lie around fa
the banks and do nothing? What's money
for?"— Washington Star.
ONCE REMOVED.
"Are you a Son of the American Revo
lution?"
"No; I'm a son-in-law."
"How's that?"
"Oh, one of the Daughters of the Ameri
can Revolution swooped down on me and
married me." — Indianapolis Journal.
SKILL AND EXPERIENCE.
"You say the gentleman la an expert
"What is his specialty r*
"Why, testifying, of course. He la one
of the expert witnesses in the country."—
Washington Star.
SUNDAY AUGUST 19, 1900
JOHN^D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All CommunlcitioM^o W. S. LEAKE, Manager. -
rCEULXCATlOX OFFICE. .Slnrltet and Tblrd. 8. V.
Telephone l'rci* 201.
COITORXAX. XIOOSIS....21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Preii SOS.
OeOrerea by Currier*. 15 Cent* Fer W««lci
0 Incle Copies. 6 Cent*. /
Terrai toy .Mn.ll. Inelndinc Poatajrot
DAIT/T CA1-.L (lnctadtog Sunday), on* year .....$1W
DAILY CALL, (including Pundity), « month*.— S.M
DAILY CALL, <lncludlng Sunday). I mentis.. 1.M
DAILY CAIJ*— By Single Month. 6S0
«rjCDAT CALL One Year —. ...XB»
WEEKLY CALL One Year LM
All postnaaatera are anthorlied to rtoelr*
• ; ' ¦nbacrlptlon.a.
¦armnU ccislra will be forwmjded when.. requested.
Man subscriber* la crtertnjr ehensre of address should b»
particular to give both NEW AKD OLD ADDRESS In order
to Ibssj* a, prompt and correct compliance with their reoacat.
0AKLAJBD OFFICE HIS Bread way,
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
WanagerSferelgn Advertising, Marquett* Building, Chicago. :
CUsg Dtotnce Telephone "Central ttlS.")
XEW T0RK CORRESPONDENT:
<^- CvCARLTON^^— . __~.... HermJd Squaro,
< KKW YORK REPRESENTATTVBt
STEPHfN-ft. SM!TH_«_ 30 Tribuna -SuMlngj
CHICAGO JCETV6 STAKES:
BwrmBaati P. <X News Co.; Great -NcrUiern-Hote!:,
ftiiinrl llceae; Auditorium Hotel. '
KEW TORK NEWS BTAXDS:
W«!3ert-Asteria Hotel; A. Breateno, & * Union Bqnara;'!
MstT*y Jalll Hotel. •
WASHINGTON (D. C)OFRCE^ -^. --M .W«nin e ton Hot.ll
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
¦ _
•MWASUJf^Bm-kwiriH CtT MoTTtromcrx. earner oC Clay, open'
vssta »O9 •'doc*, too Hares, opea until l;S9 o'clock. 6331
Mfliniitg, cpea instil •:» •Ndoclc. ei5 Larkla. open, until!
•:» o'clock. 1M1 anmlon, open jantll 10 o'clock. £261 Market. !
ecr&er Brtacsth, epen until • o'clock. 1O»« Valencia, open
tmta • o'clock, loc Elerentlj. open untU S o'clock. NW «»-i
• *** Twill/ — oend aad Kentucky, c>ea ustll • o'clock
7. To issue regular bulletins specifying foreign
firms seeking, American manufacturers or merchants,
new markets for American products, openings for
foreign contracts, etc.
Arrangements have been made with the Philadel
phia Commercial Museum whereby the museum on
this coast will have duplicates of all samples and the
benefit of all information now in the possession of
the older institution, and in future there will be an
interchange of all information,, the subscriber to the
one having the advantages of both. With such as
surances of benefit there, should be no further delay,
among our merchants, manufacturers and progressive
citizens generally. Sign the rolls now and have the
honor of being a charter, member of the Pacific Coast
Commercial Museum. • .
5. To act as a general commercial agency; that is,
to furnish reliable information of the, financial stand
ing of foreign business houses in any part of the world
and the right people in any line of business to cor
respond with.
6. To furnish special information or reports of any
nature that may be desired-
4. To find out what raw or manufactured products
of other countries can be used here; to submit sam
ples and expert reports, on same.
3. To collect and exhibit samples from countries we
desire to do business with of all goods that are at
present supplied by countries in competition with us.
2. To tell the manufacturer or merchant accurately
in detail and up to date the conditions of the markets
he proposes to enter, what wares he has to compete
with and whom to address.
Of the benefits to.be deriveel from the museum it
can hardly be worth while to refer at any length. The
enterprise is' not to be a speculative venture. The
success achieved by the Commercial Museum in
Philadelphia attests the demand which exists in the
United States for -such an institution. It is doubtful
if any other commercial enterprise of the last ten
years has been so beneficial to the country or so amply
fulfilled the expectations of its promoters. Now the
museum in this city is to be in alliance with the great
institution in Philadelphia. It will therefore start
under the best auspices and have a potent help from
the start in everything it undertakes for the general
good.
Among the purposes for which the Pacific museum
is devised are these:
1. To increase the foreign commerce of the entire
Pacific Coast.
The establishment of the museum being now as
sured, it will be well for all merchants, manufacturers
and others interested in commerce and industry to
take note of the rule of the association that all mem
bers joining before the opening of the museum shall
pay an initiation fee of $60, but that after the mu
seum opens the initiation fee-shall be fixed at $150.
The rule is a just one, for it is only fair that those who
take the risks and do the work of-launching the en
terprise shall have the advantage of obtaining mem
bership at a lower cost than those, who hold backl' At
the same time, in order to give all an opportunity of
profiting by that the circular letter has
been issued' directing public attention to the rule and
to the fact that the museum is soon to be established.
GRATIFYING to every progressive citizen of
the Pacific Coast is the announcement made in
a circular letter of .the executive committee of
the Pacific Commercial Museum, that the committee
has completed its work, that about 180 members have
signed the roll, assuring the institution a sufficient in
come to place it in active operation at once, and that
a report to that effect will be made to the promotion'
committee.
THE COMMERCIAL MUSEUM.
other wars in Europe. Wolves that run together in
harmony to capture a prey, have been known to fight
over it very fiercely after it was dragged down. -
It is rather remarkable that he did not come to the
front sooner as an anti-expansionist, when his voice
and influence might have assisted in shaping public
opinion. The South, which will give Bryan about all
the electoral votes he will get, is almost unanimous
in favor of holding the Philippines, and has done
much to shape opinion in that direction, through the
influence of Morgan, McEnery, McLaurin and other
public leaders of that section. If. Mr. Cockran is 30
very sensitive on the subject he should have gone
down there and contested with those supporters of
Bryan for the control of Southern opinion.
In 1892 he was the pet of Tammany. In 1896
Croker had outlawed him and lifted him out of his
seat in Congress. He desires to re-enter public life
and is back in Tammany again, and perhaps on the
road to the United States Senate, if the New York
Legislature can be carried.
He is not noted for the soundness of his political
judgment He opposed Mr/ Cleveland continually.
In 1892 he spoke for nearly three hours in the Demor
cratic National Convention against Cleveland, making
an oration of great power and fire, in which over and
over again he declared the impossibility of Cleveland's
election. But he was nominated and elected. It is
true that in 1896 Cockran supported McKinley di
rectly, but he did- not declare himself until after the
gold Democratic movement had been started without
his assistance.
If Mr. Cockran had said that the Republican plat
form is tentative, while the Democratic platform iden
tifies anti-expansion with secession, he would have ut
tcred an exact truth that would have been creditable
to him.
That is settled to the satisfaction of Mr. Cockran.
But what warrant has he for saying that President
McKinley supports imperialism of any kind? There
is no justification for the charge. If he mean, instead
of imperialism, the holding of the Philippines, we as
sert that Colonel Bryan will receive the votes of more
•men who favor that than McKinley will. The Re
publican platform by no means concludes that ques
tion, but leaves the Republican party free to respond
to a reaction of public sentiment that is likely to oc
cur. The Democratic platform juggles with it by de
claring that the constitution follows the flag, and de
manding that the flag be withdrawn from the Philip
pines. It will be observed that this is an admission
that the flag is in the Philippines, therefore the con
stitution must be there, and to withdraw it will be
effecting just what the secessionists claimed in 1861.
He says: "The issue of imperialism having been
squarely raised between the two great parties, it must
be plain that the only way in s'hich a citizen can
exercise any direct influence upon the result is by
voting for the Republican candidate, who supports,
or the Democratic candidate, who opposes it."
This same card is being played again, and some
well meaning people are being led astray by it. Mr.
Bourke Cockran, in his letter to the Liberty meeting
in Indianapolis, presents a fine example of the poli
tician who states his opponent's position by * mis
stating it and then proceeds to attack his own mis
statement.
During the. Civil War every major move made by
Lincoln to put down rebellion and save the Union
was denounced as having morArchy and empire for
its object The same charge was made against Grant,
and fellows of the Bryan stripe went about pretending
to mourn for, the liberty lost forever to the people.
IT is worth remembering that a favorite Demo
ciatic campaign accusation against Republicans
has always been that they are imperialists.
IMPERIALISTS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO ;CALL; SUNDAYj^AlFGUST 19, ' 1900.
26
By L. Du Poi)t Syie.
SCENE FROM "THE ONLY WflY."
MR. MIL.L.ER AS STDNET CARTOX. MR. DOUGLAS AS CHARLE&
DARNAT.
ON DEFINITE CONTRAdk.
INSTALLMENT FLAN.
»2 C5 a . month pays up a $1000 loaa la 19
years;, S20 80 In S year*.
Citizens' Building .and Loan Association
JC- MONTGOMERY ST.
AUCTION SATYRS.
j
Galllck & Vincent— Monday, August 20. at 11 o'clock, Furni-
ture, at 70S Clement Btre«t.
By Kmil Colin— Monday. August. 20. Ntirnery, at 1187 Mar-
ket strtfct-
QttfgTnTi!» Portoo Kolcoes Lecturw.
Cfcrfceaa-VaadevtH*.
OraaS Oprfc-hotue •'Trilby.'*
Piiit-rnra'a T«^. th« Hypnotist.
TlToU— "Rlcoletto. "
JUobjbu^'A Etalt of EaW«. M
Olxrspl*. ear&er Maaon and Eddy streets— Specialties
Chute*. Zoo and Tfceater— V«uidevU;« «rery afternoon aad
nscbei'a— Ventfevina,
TJnlcn Courting Park— OoHWing to-day.
Fireworks— Fclsota &nd EtxteentJurtreeti. Batnrday,
Recreation Par*— Baseball.
Eutro Baths— Opea nights.
Elate Fair, Sacramento— September 8 to 15.
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50o
a pound in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market street, Palace HoteL •
. Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main -1042. • •
Miss Lulu Flnnigttn — I will give yez ma-
answer In a month. Pat.
He — That's right, me darltnt; tek plinty
of time to think it over. But tell me wan
thins now — will It be yes or no?-^Judge,
Cheap Bates to Chicago and Keturn.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILWAY.
On the !lst »nd 22d Inst.. when purchasing;
tickets to Chicago and return, be careful tlm
they read one way via the Northern Pacific
Railway. The only line running to the Tft-
fowstoce Park. Inquire for information of T.
K. Stateler. General Agent. «3S Market St..
next to Chronicle building. .
Chicago and Betum $72 5O.
Tickets on sale August a and 22. jrood fcr
return within' sixty days. Only <Oii hours to
Chicago on the ; "Overland • Limited." via the
Union Paciflc Ratlway. 1 Monteomery st., San
Francisco.
The Santa 5> will sell tickets to Chicago
and return on Ausrust a and J2 at the T«ry
low rat« of 172 60. rood for sixty d&ys. This
la a very low rate and is open for all. Tl»e7
will tell you all about It at «2S Market street.One Dollar and Sixty-Five Cents
Will buy to-morrow, at the assignee sale
of rhoes. 775 Market street, either a pair
of lady's or men's shoes. Both are made
of the beet vid kid or box calf; also vest
ing top; a beautiful dress- shoe, worth
elsewhere S3 50. Latest style,. both hand;
sewed- Just think! To-morrow only ?1 Co
a pair, at the assignee" sale of shoes, 775
Market street, near Fourth. •
V DENVER, August 18.— A special . to the
News from Encampment. Wyo.,, says a
forest ' fire near there has" burned over a
territory, eight by ten miles in extent and
now threatens the towns of Battle ; and
Ramber. Two thousand sheep, 'belonging
to Frederick Geddes or Saratoga,' are dead
and the Mexican. herder is missing and' Is
believed to have perished in the flames.
Sheep Perish ' in Forest Fire.
HELENA, Mont., 'Aug. 18.— The Govern
ment has presented its case In the trial
of L. H. Ilershfleld;- ex-presldent,of the
Merchants'- National Bank' of • Helena,
charged with making false reports of the
bank's condition to the Controller of the
Currency. ' The defense will decide on
Monday whether it will puf in any evi
dence. The Indlctmont agaln«t 3. P. Bow
man, ex-asslstant cashier of ; the: bank,
was dismissed. He testified for the Gov
ernment, Identifying records and letters.
Hershfleld's Trial Nearly Over.
The time set for the wedding of tho
couples is fast approaching and the ladles
of the church and the social committee of
the Christian Endeavor Society gave the
reception last night In their honor.
JUss Trumbull and Rev. R.. C. Smith
will be rrtarrled here on August 23 and
will afterward make their home in Port
land. The wedding of Miss Dlxon and Rev.
F 8. Templeton will lake, place here on
August 29. After a tour through the State
they will go to India, to which place Mr.
Templeton has been assigned by the Pres
byterian Board of Missions.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 18.— A . reception
was tendered at the Presbyterian church
of this city last night to Miss Huettu
Trumbull and Rev. Ray C. Smith of ..the
Westminster Presbyterian Church of
Portland, Or., and Miss Helen Dixon and
Rev. H. S. Templeton.
Reception to Prospective Brides.
MONTEREY. Augr. 18.— A number of
prominent citizens of this place are in
teresting themselves In a movement to
establish a public recreation park, where
athletic pports of all kinds may be , held,
and considerable encouragement from tho
citizens at large is being met. At pres
ent there Is no pace of the kind in the
neighborhood except th<» Del- Monte race
track, and as this is Kept exclusively for
the use of the Hotel del Monte guests, the
Monterey people who are athletically-In
clined find It necessary to rent grounds
for each occasion, without being able to
properly prepare them for whatever, sport
is to be conducted. '^SMi
PACIFIC Gl.OVE, Aug. 18.— An art and
curio loan exhibition which is one of the
most remarkable collections of Its size,
ever brought together in California Is
now in progress in thU city under the
patronage of the ladles of the Guild of
St. Mary's Kplseopal Church, Among
other notable articles exhibited are the
first clock ever made with a minute hand,
now owned by T. W. Cowan of this city;
eome panels* of carved oak .800 T years of
age that were taken from an old English
church, also owned by Mr, Cowan; some
ancient Chinese embroideries, owned by
Mrs. Dr. Fish of Point Pinos; valuable
specimens of needlework and tapestries
from the well-known Spooner collection,
and several Azteo Idol* and other curios
recently brought from Mexico and never
before exhibited, the property of Pro
fessor Oliver of Monterey. The exhibi
tion will. It Is stated, be open next week.
Monterey Wants a Recreation Park.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Novel Art Exhibit at Pacific Grove.
SAX RAFAEL.. Aug. IS.— An effort la
being made here to have the deer season
closed for two years In order to give the
deer a chance to increase. William Barr,
who la chairman of the Board of Super
vlsora and also ¦¦ president of the Marln
County Game Association, is heartily In
favor of the Btep. At the next meeting
of the association the matter will be acted
on and if carried through a petition wllV
1>e presented to the Board of Supervisors
asking them to close the season. The use
of dogs In deer hunting le condemned by
many, and the board will also be asked
to prohibit their uee^
Cease for Two Years.
Pperial Dispatch to The Call.
Harin Sportsmen Want Hunting to
WANT TO PEOTECT DEER.
ASHLAND, Or., Aug. 18. — The Oreton Mid
land Hallway Company has 'let a contract to
Smith & Hale of Portland for the construction
of sixty-six miles of the road from the South
ern Pacific track near Hornbrook, Cal., to
Spencer Creek. • Arrangements are being made
to beitln the work at an early date, j- Messrs.
Thompson and Lyman. Eastern representatives
of the Oregon Midland, contemplate the plac
ing of steamers on the waters of Klamath
Lake to operate In connection with the Oregon
Midland Railway and have left for Portland to
confer with some of the shlp-buildlng firms
thert.
SANTA ROSE, Aug. 18.— At a meeting of the
board of directors of the Fourth Agricultural
District held here to-day, under the presidency
of John P. Overton, It was decided to change
the date for the opening of the fair to Octo
ber 1. A premium lUt was passed upon. About
$30,000 will be offered In premiums. The com
mittees reported proirress. A large. number of
exhibits have been promised from Sonoma and
Marln counties.
SEATTLE, Aug. 18.— The record for one day's
receipts of gold at the Seattle Assay Oftlce wm
broken to-aay, when the deposits weighed in
up to closing time exceeded $2,600,000 In value.
The deposits for the day . had not then all
been weighed. A tingle deposit by the Cana
dian Bank of Commerce was valued at $1,600,
000. . •
SACRAMENTO. Autr. 18.— It waj ascertained
to-day that the man who committed suicide In
the city cemetery at a late hour yesterday
afternoon by drinking earbolle acid was named
William Carroll. He was about 70 years of age
and a stonemason by trade. Despondency on
account of lack of employment is believed to
have been the cause of the act.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 18. — The steamer Ar
gyll, formerly a British vessel, was given an
American register at th« Custom-Louse to-day
in a document of transfer to James Jerome of
San Francisco. . The Argryll has been char
tered by the United States Government to carry
supplies from this port to the army In China.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 18.— The millmen of San
Jose were organized this evening into a union
of the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and
Joiners of America. They are In sympathy
with the San Francisco movement, but will
not strike, hoping that a peaceful settlement
will soon be made.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 18.— The exhibit of
cereals made by the Oregon Railroad and Navi
gation Company at the Paris Exposition, and
which has been awarded a gold medal, was
collected in the States of Oregon, Washington
and Idaho.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Aug. 18.— The 8-year-old
eon of Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Wilson was
Ftung en the foot by a scorpion last night and
died a few hours afterward in sreat agony.
An hour has passed: twice has Ander
son purchased; the .throng multlplicth.
Great beads of perspiration stand out
upon. the fallen hero's brow. He 1» wor
ried and fast losing his temper. Silence
has settled o'er the spectators, for awe
has displaced jollity. Remarkable is the
in. THE EXPOSE.
Thus the noise of strife continues. HI
fares the day with the man from tho land
of the midnight sun.
"Anderson wants a baJloon."
set up, the scorers take their places and
Referee Warner calls "Time." Anderson
is first up. He poises the great wooden
sphere a moment with the trained eye of
the expert, then sends it hurtling down
the alley.
"All down but eight," shouts 'Warner.
"Anderson's gone wrong again," com
ments the crowd.
Another try. "A spare," the referee an
nounces.
"What's , the matter- with Ajiderson?"
demand the onlookers. ,
The Btreets of quiet Lakeport, six miles
away, echo with the din. The game is on.
"Strike for Nolan!"
"Anderson's gone wrong again!"
"All down but two!"
"What's the matter with the Terrible
Swede?"
"Another strike for Nolan!"
"GrVe Anderson some sideboards."
"Strike for Nolan!"
n. success or the conspiracy.
The large bowling alley is crowded with
the elite of Highlands. The summer maid
is there, captivating In her outing finer}-.
Along the dark walls the Immaculate duck
trousers of the gentlemen show in relief
like tombstones in a cemetery. Anderson
and Nolan are about to play a match
game. To the loser falls the privilege of
buying wine for everybody. The pins are
HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Aug. 18.
Any one who has ever sum
mere*} in this region of sylvan
glades, hot baths and mineral
springs knows Anderson. If
he has a handle to his name
his best friend is not aware
of it. The most demure Ingenue would
not think of prefixing even a "Mr." An
derson halls from San Francisco and lives
on interest. He is a gay old sport.
Leo Nolan also confesses to the bay
city as his home. Does he sport some
himself? Nay, nay! Clarence!
"Say. let's do things to Anderson," pro
posed Nolan to Warner and Watson and
Auld.
Great minds train in bunches. Soon
four heads were close together while their
owners hatched a deep, dark plot.
Poor Anderson! Little he wots of the
fate that awaits him.
HOW A CRACK BOWLSMAH" CAME TO ENTERTAIN THE MTJLT1T U JJE WITH WINE AND FUN.
L THE PLOT.
Teamster's Terrible Death.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 18.— The details of
the shocking -death of James Peterson
at Stewarts Point have been received here.
Peterson was on a wagon and tried *o
pass under the overhanging limb of a tree.
The horses suddenly started and crushed
the man between the limb and the wagon
seat. He died In a few minutes.
SPOKANE. Wash., Aug-. IS. 18.— A tralnload
of Government mules en route to China passed
through here to-day, bound for Seattle. The
engine was ditched Just outside of town, on
striking a handcar, but no damage resulted to
the animals. The mules were in service In
Cuba, and the train is in chars* of Quarter
master^ Agent G. A. Darrel. who has twenty
four men with him.
bowling they are witnessing. Nolan haa
made clean scores throughout two games,
and' with the third well on ha3 nothing
but "strikes" to his credit. The gather
ing marvels— all except Warner and Wat
son and Auld. They are "next."
But now a -strange thing happens. One
of the alley slaves who heretofore has
gathered all of Nolan's tenpins in his
arms before setting them up arranges
them in order for the thirtieth time and
starts for cover. Alas! his hand strikes
a corner pin; It falls and with it as 06
one accord go the other nine.
"Bunkoed, by the spires of Stockholm!"
With a snarl of rage Anderson tears up
the allpy and seizes the slave, who Is
hurriedly attempting to rearrange the
pins. He stoops, picks up a pin and
holds it aloft. The other nine bound into
the air w!th their mate.
TV.' CONCI/TJSION.
"Any one who would fasten tenpins to
gnther with a wire and challenge a friend
to play for the champagne would steal
pennies from a blind man and then kick
him because they weren't two-bit
pieces."
Thus coRitatea Anderson as he boards
the statre for Hopland.
"I'm going down to the city to hunt up
a guardian, he adds, moodily.
''Anderson's gone wrong again." shouts
the crowd. The driver cracks his whip
and the stage disappears In a cloud of
dust. . • . . ¦ -.'.:-:
TALE OF A BOWLING ALLEY PLOT, "WITH THREE
"SPARES" AND A FINALE.
The officers were also informed by ex-
Ju?tice of the Peace L. S. Norton of Rio
Vista that on or about June 24 Antone
called on him and said that If he had dono
anything he wanted to be put in jail. He
Eaid that he did not want to be mobbed.
He Pimply said that his wife had disap
peared and that he feared that if he was
not arrested he would be mobbed. Vierra
also wanted Constable Viscus to arrest
him. The Constable told him that that
could not be done unless he had commit
ted some crime. Vierra went away very
much excited and seemed to be In fear
of his life.
The investigating officers say, they can
produce proof that Vierra had made
several attempts since his wife's death
to sell his interest in the placfc he occu
pies for $400, an amount considerably less
than it is \yorth. The Portuguese people
down the river gay. that if Antone is not
arrested and prosecuted they will hang
him to the trre under which his wife was
last eeen alive. District Attorney BaHer.
County Detective Golden and Constable
Cottrell. the latter of Isleton. went to that
place this afternoon to serve the war
rants.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 18.— As a Bequel
to the (indiiig of the body of Mrs. Mary
Vierra In the Sacramento River, near Ida
Island, in the southern part of this
county, last June, four warrants of arrest
were issued to-day by Township Justice
Brown for Ar.tone Vierra, husband of the
deceased; Mrs. Joaquin Vierra, mother of
Autone, anil two other persona, charging
tntm wuh murder.
'me l'ortuguese colony down among the
¦ islands ot me liower Sacramento , were
fctartied l?!=t June by flnaing the body ot
j Mre. \ierra Jr. iloailng in tne waters. A
postmortem examination was made and
I the doctors declared that Mrs. Vlerra's
death was not due- to drowning. Matters
quieted down after the inquest until a
fchort time ago, when many of the Portu
i guese residents in and about Isleton.be
! «aji to think that there were rood reasons
i tor believing that Mrs. Vierra s death was
i nut due to accident or suicide, but that
i she had been murdered. The more they
; discussed the matter among themselves
the more convinced they oecame that
Antone Vitrra had murdered his wife;
; that he had choked her to death in their
I house and then threw the body into the
I river. Now rhe husband, at whom the
' finger of suspicion is pointed, fears that
! he will he mobbed by n!s country people.
The Portuguese neighbors recently se
cureU the aid of Detective Henry Alter
! of this city and Constable Cottrell of Isle
i ton in an effort, to get at the facts in the
I mattT. Alter and Cottrell recently sub
! mitted their report to District Attorney
i liakcr and requested him to set in mo
1 tion the machinery of the law in order
i that it should be determined from the
i evidence thtv had gathered whether or
¦ not Antone Vierra murdered his wife, and
! to ascertain if possible what connection,
If any. Mrs. Joaquin Vierra had in the
' tragedy. The other two persons involved
! are a brother of Antone and his wife.
| The officers have ascertained that on
i June 21 Domingos Vierra and his wife
! came to the house of Mrs. Amelia Suiza
' who with her husband lives about 300
vards bplow Isleton. and that the former
i was greatly excited about something.
During the'evenlns Mrs. Vierra told Mrs.
I Suiza that "something terrible had hap
¦ perved In the is'.and." Domingos and his
i wife live about iwO yards from where the
I deceased lived.
1 The officers have also been Informed by
, "W E. Elliott, who operates a gasoline
> launch between Hlo Vista and Sacramen
' to that on the morning of June 22 Antone
! Vi'erra wanted to come to this city on the
launch, and that his rA9tn<*r. wn0 w ' as a }
th« landing, became greatly excited and
implored her son not to leave her alone.
Elliott became pusplclous of Antone s ac
tion, and informed him that if he would
return he would be taken to Sacramento.
Both Antone and Wb mother came to this
' city and subsequently returned to their
home. Antone had told Elliott that he
had had trouble with his wife and was go
ing away. ¦ , .
John Smith, a farmer residing about
one and a half miles above Isleton; told
I the officers that on June £2 Mrs. Joaquin
Vierra had told him that she "saw some
thing on the Island that she had never
seen before." She said that something
! awful had happened and that her son
Ar.tone was crazy.
— _* —
!-':*>.-la] Diepatcb to The Call.
Portuguese in Island Colony
.Threaten Mob Law if
Justice Be Laggard;
PROBING A MYSTERY
Antone Vierra of
Isleton to Be
Arrested, i-
HUSBAND
IS ACCUSED
OF MURDER
THE WIRE INVISIBLE; OR,
ANDERSON GOES WRONG
The sympathy of the community favors
Mrs. Campbell. The incident which di
rectly provoked the act was Campbell's
conduct on the- day before the shooting.
Mrs. Campbell had her horse and buggy
brought out for a ride and her husband
asking and being given permission to take
the children riding, drove instead to the
Summerfleld residence and took the girl
out in a buggy, spending the afternoon
with her. Sunday morning, after a row
with Ms wife, he left and hla wife thougnt
he had gone to see Miss Summerneld.
Believing her husband to be at the house
of Miss Summerfield, his wife called there
Sunday morning. Not finding him she
called for Mis3 Summerfield. When the
latter came to the door Mrs. Campbell
opened flre with a 38-caliber pistol. The
ball struck Mlsa Summerfleld In the pit
of the stomach. The bullet was removed
and the patient is in a fair way to re
cover.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Aug. IS.— John Camp
bell, who has a wife and three children
residing In North Clifton, recently became
enamored of Miss Mary Summerfield. The
acquaintance Is alleged to have ended in
undue Intimacy. His wife protested with
out avail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. John Campbell of North
Clifton Wields a Revolver
With Serious Effect.
Arizona Woman Tries
to Kill a Girl Who
Won Her Hus
band.
INJURED WIFE
SHOOTS PRETTY
YOUNG RIVAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19, 1900.
27
J. O'BRIEN & GO.
TO-MORROW,
MONDAY, AUGUST 20,
We will open the greatest sacrifice sale
of the season.
In order to make room for, our fall
importations, now in transit, we are
compelled to make the following
remarkable reductions :
CAA TAILOR-MADE SUITS, gray,
t/UU brown and. navy Ilue, in all 7R V
sizes, reduced from $8 oo to. ... Oti I y,
OCA pf the latest style .CAPES, re- OQ Qn
CO\J duced from $1^.00 to.. ......... ijiZiSU
•7CA CHILDREN'S JACKETS, in all
• t/U shades, for ages 4 to 14 year?, OQ CO
reduced to. . . . ...... . . . . ... . . . w£t 05J
OQA CHILDREN'S GOLF CAPES, in (f | Cft
60U all shades, reduced to. . . . .... .'.? Oil 3U
¦ \ '
QQH GRAY APPL1QUED SKIRTS, OO nn
Ot/U reduced from,$4tjo to. ... . vZiUU:
¦ . ¦ ¦ " ¦ • ¦ ¦ , ¦¦ ¦.'- / ¦
49C FEATHER BOAS, reduced .'.from CJjfJ 00
lCO $i7:?o to..... ............;... OIUiUU
Our line of Tailor-lVlade Suit-
ings mfirked down 50 per cent.
1 146 Market Street.
Bet. Taylor and Mason. San Francisco.
The pace that kills competitors la
first-class Furniture and Carpets at, two-
third* installment combine's prices.
That's the s-aoe IVittoslen's set from sun-
rife to sundown. The principle that puts
the liuyor and the seller on the fooling of
eve rlaftScg friendship and bfgets con-
fidence is corair.pii honesiy. Vattosioii's
r'jocess. which spreads itself over this
coast from north to south, is due. to the
I.'-!,. :t. tJtraiRhtforward business prin-
cirlos of the concern. Everything ciean.
healthy im-iting. irresistible in Pat/?-
ti> a'* Wg furniture store, corner Sixteenth
era Mission streus. and a guarantee on
everything that lear«f< the store and your
••ru'-::»-v buck." ¦w.i;hciua string ti«»d to It.
if are not exactly as represented.
i;ut remembor that all prices during this
great mi<!«\immrr clearance sale on all
articles st:ch as Sideboards. China Closots,
<""hamber Suits. -Chi fton ier*. Couches.
Cbalra. are only about one-half trust and
coraMnc prices. . . .
No place I'.ke home.
PatMFien's r>*p Furniture Exposition
Buildlr.gr Jn the Mission Is now more than
?T«r the headquarters for «n» h^uso fur-
nlshfsgsJ Ind<vd. it is r*-fre?hinp ««ven to
t^roll through the immen&e establishment
and see the avidity with which prudent,
t^nslble housewivw ollng to the choice
tarpalns in all the different departments.
y.*\\ orders niled. ¦¦ . -
Baby Coaches of All Descriptions
at Half Price— Write for,
Special Catalogue and
Discounts.
Pattosien's Cutting the Cost
of Everything.
FLRNITURE
AND CARPETS
ADVEHTISEMENT3.
I TO AFFLICTED
I MEN
S; Our institution offers
*8 many advantages to men
o who are suffering with
¦ 8 disease or endangered by
g a weakness.
S Every member of our
gj staff has had many years'
» experience in hospitals,
§ general practice and as
§ specialists in curing dis-
§; eases and weakness of
S men.
o Our remedies, which
S have stood the trying test
o of time, are com-
¦"""¦"l pounded by eradu-
Privifp atec^ pharmacists in
riivaic our own pri va * e
RnnW laboratory. FREE
ijuuiv TQ PATIENTS
rOT Our methods and
Yl appliances • have
iTlcrl proved, by thou-
p*»PP sands of actual tests.
1 * c to be superior to all
others. Our insti-
r^ef tution is the largest
UlIICC and best equipped
Of h%\r anc * our P ract ' ce l^ e
VJr Uy most extensive.
/V\ «i i I We make a spe-
iTlctil> cialty of nervous
« debility and the
« weakness which accompanies
S it — Varicocele. Blood Poison.
w Contracted Ailments. Diseases
S of the Kidneys, Bladder, etc..
§ AND HAVE BEEN SVC-
O CESSFUL SINCE 1881. We
S have long been operating a
§ successful home cure system.
'<& and give consultation free at
g office or by mail.
S DR.
. I MEYERS
1 & CO.
| 731 Market Street, San Francisco.
5 HOURS*— Dally. 8 to 5. Evenings.
S 7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 11. Elevator
DOVE SHOOT
P^GREAT DOVE STEW
26ti at
BpLpasoRobles
Balifflcil HOT RPRINGS—^.
I Round Trip, Otis and One-Th rd Fare. I ,
Illustrated booklet and further lnfor- I
matlon of FRANK W. ELY. City Agent. I
Tel. Red »3«. «44 Market St.. S. F. I
OTTO E. NEVER. Prop.. Paso Robles. Cai. |
SISSON TAVERN.
Where Shasta' s summit, clad in snow.
Smiles down on Nature's broad expanse.
¦ Far from the chilling summer fogs and fre»
from winds and dust and heat. SISSON TAV-
ERN. 3300 feet above the sea level, on th* ever-
green slopes of Shasta. Is the ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near It the great forests of
pine and cedar and hemlock, around It a wic]»
expanse of meadows, about It the perfect
beauty of Shasta.
For the Idler— rest. For the hunter— the great
game of the mountains. For the angler— th»
salmon and the trout In the headwaters of th«
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL AT SIS-
SON'S DOOR. The tavern Is new and fresh
and clean, with every modern comfort. Th*
railway brings one almost to the door. Whera
Nature Is her grandest, come and learn how
grand her Inspiration* are. Rates. 110 to $12
D er week. 12 SO per day. Outde* and horses
for mountain climbing. MRS. M. L. SISSON.
Proprietor. Slsson. Cat.
CI/ArrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OIVAviIjO County; only 4* hour»
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging' waters noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural bath In State: grand mounta-n
scenery: gr.cd trout streams at door: telephone,
telegraph: dally mall and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE;
morning and afternoon »tag»«: round trip from
Fan Francisco only IS 10. Take Tlbaron ferry
at 7:74) a. m. or 1:30 P- m. Terms. »? a aay or
$12 a week. Refer#nce«^ — ~nr guest of the past
five years; patronage constantly increasing.
J. F. MULOREV7. Proprietor.
CALIFORNIA HOT 5 PRlNG^u.
Springs; new management: a place *>f rom'ort
all seasons: 48 miles from S. F.. via Tib-iron
ftrry R. R. station on hntel grounds; exten-
sive swimming tank; 110 39 «nrt mt« per week ;
round trip $1 1» on Sunday. COOPER A STITW-
ART. Agua Callente. Cal. Long-dlstanre pnnne.
nilD WnrtTD Free from fogs and cold
LAJli »HC ft CK winds. The Popular Resort
Ameng Redwoods of Sonoma Co.; Free Boat-
Ing. l»athlng. Fishing and Hunting. Lots sell
from 110 to m. Cottages built from CO and
upward. Board and lodging. %6 per week: un-
furnished rooms. |1 per week. Address H. M.
OREGSON. Camp Meeker.
HKAMATH MOT SPRtNGS.
The healthiest resort in ta« prettiest county in
California. Trout flshtng— finest In the Stats—
Shove! Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting—
aplenty of game In surrounding mountains-
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors, beswlck. Slsklyou County. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, &X?
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDER*.
Natural steam bath*, swimming, nakiag.
hunting and livery. Writ* JCor pajanblac L
WERTHEIMER. Manager.
KAHLER'S new summer resort. Caxadero. Cat
—Home eookine. excellent fishing and hunt*
, Ing; general mdse.. choice liquors, cigars;
popular prices. ¦ ¦'
$7300—5 MINT-TES from Ross Station: modern
house, 10 rooms, stable, orchard; plenty shada
trees; S acrea. Box 1431. Call office.
The WeeUy Call.
SI pep.Yeaiv;
WHERE
CAN TOU GO WITH ONLY Jtt HOURS OF
STAGING,
AND ON1.T f 8.OO FOR THE ROUND TRIP,
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
BUND SPRINGS
No Foe, no Mist, no Harsh Winds. Warm
and peasant every day. Thermometer 80 to
DANCING six 'nlehts of the week. GOLF.
Tennis Bowling-. Cement Swimming Tanks.
ACRES of Shady Groves and MILES of
Shady Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting In tho County. Hunting
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Pluntes.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
.Numerous Mineral Springs of "Wonderful
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms. Ughtetl
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG. 318 Montgomery St..
or address CRAIG & WARNER, Highland
Springs, Cal. |
Txou I
I CANNOT I
f REALIZE I
P How delightful the mtld. dry »d
B§ climate of K
I Coronado Beach i
I Is until you experience, it. Hun- H
dreds of San Francisco- people |y
¦epend their summers there. Do £)
Get Information Get P.ates jH
1G8. Market St. E. S. BABCOCK, Mirr., C
San Francisco. Coronado Reach. Cal. |i
FAmous
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
. Ihe waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism, Gout.Lead end Mercurial
Poisoning, Liver and Kidney Disease?. .Neural-
gia, Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Comr'aints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and flsh-
Ing. No, fogs. Unequaled forhfatth. rest and
recreation. Ratea. *12 to $14 per week. Train*
leave -Third, and Towwend streets, S. F., 9 a.
m^acd J:« p. m. dally. CarrtagM at Gllroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON, Proprietor.
EL MONTE HOTEL, cool mountain clU
mate, , beautiful ... drives : average » temperature
fO degrees; no wind or mosquitoes: 3 hours
from fian Francisco: 5 train* rtallv:.no con-
sumptives taken. J NO. NE VI LL. Proprietor.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM iSffi^S
Napa Valley,. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health tetort as well as Uinj a,
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets ail
trains at St. Helena: Send for circular. Addreaa
6T. HELENA SANITARIUM, fit. Helena. CaX
LAUR EL D ELL LA KE.
The most attractive place In Lake County to
spend your vacation. . Boating, bathing. ¦ bowl-
In*, tennis, ' livery. ' new ¦walks. • etc. -Write lor
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
. . . . Laurel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co. ; Ane : fishing, boating. ¦ bathing and
hunting; in the heart of the mountain*. Tns
best table In Lake Co.' Address O. WE13-
MAN. Mldlake P. O.. Lake Co.. CaU
HTts^sssss ¦ ¦ tVaaiaw— TaiTwAlsM-BlMtin JV^ti si i tl isssi !¦ i T BMW
gPgi . VER? LATEST :
fZjffA Str3i;h r Front,
J ( SAPPHIRE i
/lib CORSETS |
(w! $3,001" S15.00 I
\UWA\ per paxr.
f^i^h 10 Gearg St.,
/l l\ i'i C0RN * EK KEA.IINT.
>W^/ V <j CHESTER F.WRI6HT,
*vri./j »<"i_'i Royal Worcester Cor- !
* eet-Flttlnj Parlors.
YOUNG WEN! y^T
You don't n^»d gr> arouni
with dark rinr* under^^ S
i your eyes, no energy,^r^ f
I no *r.sr' abnut you yr vStV^ ,/vr,ii
yi " r /< vA»™
«•- S V\^ jr *\\ troubles whiefc
~^ S^ tf^^i^\f unfit sou to marrj
/>^^^ X consultinr us.
S -a^-^V* S Thousand of men
X « ir^ x° urPd at hcIn *- Call or
>TC^ V^ DR- COOPER & CO.,
SIS KEARXY ST.. B. F\, Cal*
OR- JORDAN'S great^
Museum of anatomy?
$ £& ttatfim; SX. fe«*~ SZkTA. Z.t.Z-JL A j
T tj The Uiryest Anatcctical Muscma in tbe
w ¦ ji.Jf iji tto>1< l- or *n» conrrtctcd t
T ftSW^J disease prmlll<rl} cur*d hy the old'it T
(i #S_tS| tpec:i.».:ikO«. C.**t Esl3*7at» £
(* j$*JT*l OR. rfCKDAH- -PRIVATE DISEASES # |
t m f -c«~''»'i<xi f**« *-a strftijr prints \
Q K. Uitf 3 Tnrmem pmonrlij r.r c y l-u-r. A A |
\ 9 ff TH **•¦*«•• Curt in every CMensd^rtaVea. \
ts F I! ilfi> « i« (w B»4 . PDiLosoi-at't i i !
* U II ¦AtlBIASK. mailed HEI. JAf 1
X n IL vaiu&t:lc book far dtdj \ i
C *»"¦ <*«»nnAXAro..lXl MarfcPtSL.K. F f '
MANHOOD RESTORED SS"™^!
VlUllser. the rr»«crlptlcn of a
<*t--JT'J»a*f '« m °"« French phj-«l?i« n . will
vv'*t¥&rt&L quickly cur* you of at! ner-
i-V*^*J2tS* vcu» t,r dlf^as,-, of *.h» g-r.-ra-
-X»w5!!>*3»ia) tiv« orpur.v f ich 8 f I.rvt M, tn .
\x2Si <5 eat fc00^. Jnsomr.la. I'Bini in th*
ZXS» •* f SB Btck. N>r\ou» D*bll!tjr. Pim-
LzJ±- JeL 3W P 1 **- Exhauetine Drain*. Varl-
XS^V fo^*' 8 •"<> Con»t!oation. It
>».,._^Mm ftop« all loesea fcy dar or
nltht, Cupld^ne cl*tn»ei th*
th* kl«ney» and the urtntry organs of all
¦ itcpurttlea. Cupt(J*n« «tr*Pf!beci and reitores
small weak crrana.
The r»a«on «u^rr»r» are not rartil by Doc-ton
ir beraune *> per c«nt «f» trout<>i with Proi-
tatltla- Cupidene th« only krrwn remedy to '
cure without an r.p»rmt«on. fW» testimonials. I
ji written ct>ar*Btee riven and money r«- I
turned !f • bcxea do not effect a permanent |
rur*. fl.00 m. bnx. < boxes for tVOO. by mall.
£en4 for free cirruUr and testimonials.
Address Davol Uedrclne Co.. 4) Ellis «t.. Baa
rr&ndaco. Cat.. Grant Drue Co.. IS ft 40 Third * t.
T) r> TT C U T? C FOU bajibers, bak-
iJli U OilluO rr "> bootblaeki. bath-
*^****"* hooiee. billiard tables.
brrven bookbinders, candy-makers, canners
«yer«. flounnllla. fcur.drtes. laundries, paper-
»:ar.cer«. printers, painters, shoe factories, sta.
t.emen. tar-rooferB. t»nnfr« ?allora. etc
BUCttANV* r.ROS..
Brcsh Menufactarer j. 6O9 Sacraments St.
MATOUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET. San Francisco.
Ecublisbed over a third of a c*ntur>': has a
-•national reputation, and wan on« of tte Jew
* fhrrAf selected to reprew'nt the d'^.oproent
#" education at the Pari» Exposl-
::nn, ov*r 17.O0O «rra4Suatfs aucceesfully apply-
X it.g their knowledse; 208 gradual** annually
Xla^d in poeltions: » teacher*; open tbe entire
j*ar: new Sf<-page catalorue fr«.
Hitchcock School,
KAN PAPA EL. CAL..
FOR YOUKG MEN AND BOYS.
feparate Kooms. Gymnasium. Military Drill.
CHniETilA* TERM HBGIVP ACOHST HTH.
REV. C. niTCHCOCK. Prinrtpil.
TRINITY SCHOOLS
It t» dwtred to correct an erroneouB Impres-
*lr-n thit Trinity School has been discontinued.
Jt will oi*n am usual MONDAY. Aurust «.
Only boy» cf eood moral character are taken.
¦¦__•>_ C. P. UK AD. 2203 Central avc
HAMLIN SCHOOL, and
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
1M? Jackson «t.. San Franciftm. Boardint* and
Pay School for Girls. Accredited to th» Univer-
sity of California. Iceland Stanford Jr. UnJver-
r!ty. V««sar and Kmlth Ct>ll»ire«. Reopens Au-
tnn»t <. 1*00. PAItAH P. HAMLIN, Principal.
POLYTECHNIC i8SL N Ec s E s
Has the largest and best equipped departments
in the TVe*t. Regular bn«tlne*i and shorthand
crirn. £tu4ents may enter at any time. All
Fi'&tfates in r**por!*ible position*. Free, cata-
f* *JeT Oakland. Cal.
I ANDERSON ACADEMY,
ertnerly Untver»«tr Acadeaiy, Alaroeda, haa
•en removed to Irvirrten. Slta of nft»ea
. ~r«; lemarkably beautiful: climate unsur-
pateed. lnrpectton of bulldlnes and rrouads la-
*iud. W. W. AXDEHSOX. Pnndpai.
MISCELLANEOUS.MILLS AND BOAT BURNED
AT FULTON IRON WORKS
I Willow | Bark Sanatorium, ; 1S39 Polk, ' jjuaran
teed t6'cure : liquor, . opium, ¦ morphine and'oth«r
druc.- habits. ,;•••"•.. " : •
Test' Case] for Expressmen.
S. A. Hussey, ; an expressman "at the
ferry, i was "i convicted '.by t Judge ? Cabaniss
OJTohanag's "Reception.
TJie Maria Klpj Orphanage will hold its
annual reception at Golden ; Gate .Hall, C25
Sutter streetf oh Saturday afternoon, Sep
tember 15,^ at : 2 o'clock. > The children". will
exhibit their, electric'rag.baby. show.
Held for Smuggling.
. J. .W. O'Connor, i. water ' tender on board
the Government; transport * Lcgan. was
held to answer : before the Federal Grand
Juryi; yesterday-- by; United States* Court
Commissioner; Heacock to j the I charge of
smuggling ; nve .boxes of ' Manila cigars
from the transport. ...-;. ~
new steamer Santa Barbara, also under
construction,* was slightly; scorched;^ The
fire originated in; the boiler-room > of the
planing mills and was not discovered ; un
til it i had gained considerable; headway.
The .totaJ loss will approximate $30,000 •
About 7 o'clock in the evening fiames
were discovered In the .west r end <¦ of * the
planing mills by >. the proprietor; of a • re
sort ; opposite. An alarm .was *. turned * In
from ; box ; 426," and * tho department wa^
quick in responding. .When t the i appar
atus arrived ; on ; the \ scenen however, ; the
firemen were hampered by, a ¦ lack of wat
er supply. There was but one hydrant
THE planing - mills and : molders' sup
ply i department of • the Fulton Iron
Works ¦ and a fish ¦ packing establish
ment belonging to Andrew Drymann,
near Harbor View, -were destroyed by; flre
last e\ r enlng. That, the main buildings ; of
the Iron works' plant did not become food
for the Ilamea was due 'principally "to a
strong south -wind, .which 1 turned ".the
course of the flames bayward.' A tug
boat In course'of construction 'for* the
Merchants' and Shipowners' Tugboat As
sociation was burned and one side of the
BIG 1/LAJnJFA.CTXraUH Q ; PLANT t> a -wr A ATTP BY FIiAMES.
;- Miss Battles of the lingerie department
of , the ; City * of ; Paris Dry s Goods j Company
has just ! returned' from • an r extensive trip
to : Paris and * New York, where *• she has
purchased some of ; tho newest and choic
est creations in lingerie, silk skirts and
other novelties. . . • • • .
John ; McFftddeh, Whos« House He
, Entered, Asks That the Cass
; - Be Dismissed.
Harry Slateri I the soldier In the Fifth
Infantry who created such a commotion In
the v. household of ; John McFadden, . 1914
Taylor street, «? early, % last Wednesday
morning and was arrested on a' charge of
burglary, appeared before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday. ¦' - '." • V *
McFadden told' the Judge ; that-he did
not want to see the young man punished,
as \ he was satisfied " he was too drunk i to
know -'what ¦• he was doing. :~ Dr." Irones of
the Receiving ' Hospital, "who attended
Slater when taken there, said he believed
that-Slater was stupid i from: drink. ' : -
The Judge said thereiwas a. doubt In his
mind If a f elonlous Fint«mt> on tha part o£
the defendant in entering i the house could
be proved and as " McFadden' had asked
that the case bo dismissed "he /would do so:
/Two sergeants of Slater's company were
waiting for; him, and they intimated! that
he would be punished, when they got him
to the Presidio. ,"
THE SOLDIER, BURGLAR
IS SET AT LIBERTY
Philip Koenigberger, Tobacco Dealer
S From New York, Kills Himself
in Barber-Shop.
Philip Koenigberger died at the French
Hospital yesterday morning from the ef
fects of razor wounds Inflicted by himself
last Wednesday."
Koenigberger was a tobacco dealer and
resided in New York. He went to the
hospital several weeks ago for treatment.
He developed symptoms of insanity, and
for, that reason he was provided with an
attendant. Wednesday morning Koenig
berger and the attendant went out for a
walk and entered a barber shop, and
while * tho attendant's back was turned
Koenigberger picked up a razor and
slashed: his throat with it. The barber
and the attendant seized and overpow
ered the insane man and took away the
razor. - Then they brought him to the
hospital, where Dr. Tait dressed the
wound. - \-Zi- '¦¦-.''¦
Koenigberger was E4 j-ears old and a
native of Germany. His wife and daugh
ter are at present traveling in Europe,
and a son is In Dead wood.. S.-D. Up to a
few months ago -he had been a member
of t the. firm -of Schwartz & Co.," tobacco
dealers in New York, but sold out shortly
before he came to * California.
Tho hospital ; authorities and Coroner
Colo had. a clash' yesterday morning Dr 1
Tait . contending that Koenlgberger dRed
of pneumonia, for which he had been un
der : treatment for the past v forty-four
days. The Coroner Insisted that his duty
required him to hold an inauest. The
Coroner," Autopsy Surgeon Leland and a
jury went to^the ; French Hospital yes
terday i to view, the body," after which , Dr.
Leland performed '¦ the .autopsy ¦ to ascer
tain whether -' pneumonia' or the razor
wounds -were the cause of. death.
INSANE PATIENT CUTS
HIS THROAT AND DIES
yesterday 'for. not taking out a license to
solicit custom and fined $10. He at once
gave notice of appeal, as he proposes to
test the case. He contends that when he
takes out a license as expressman that
entitles him to solicit custom. - - *
available, and that was located several
blocks distant. Finally an engine was
placed over one of the wharfs and a sin
gle stream thrown onthe flames. - ' '
The fire gained rapid headway and soon
the entire structures was wrapped in
flames. The new steamer Santa Barbara
lay. to -the east, between the burning
structure and the main buildings of the
iron works. A strong south wind that
was blowing gTeatly assisted the lire
fighters in confining the flames to the
planing mills. The elements of destruc
tion soon spread to the flsh packing es^
tablishment, which is in the same build
ing, and in less than one hour nothing re
mained but glowing coals and a heap of
twisted iron. The tugboat, which was be
ing constructed in the planing mills, was
so badly charred that it will have, to be
completely rebuilt.
The structure .burned was a frame (af
fair, two stories in height, nearly 100 feet
long and fifty feet wide. The estimated
loss is divided as follows: Twenty-five
thousand dollars on the planing mills,
$2000 on the fish packing company and the
remainder on the boats. Insurance poli
cies cover the entire amount.,
A number of soldiers rushed from the
Presidio when the alarm was turned in
and offered their services In ¦ extinguish
ing: the fire. One of them was severely
burned on the hand. Two spectators were
cut about -the head by falling debris, but
their injuries were only superficial.
Should Be Head by Everybody.
This is Intended for men and women.
I, the assignee of the Boston Shoe Com
pany, 775 Market street, will offer for sale
to-morrow two distinct articles in the' line
of shoes. First, for men. shoes that were
made by the leading manufacturers of the
very best vid kid and box calf, the latest
styles, worth S3 60, each and every pair of
them for only JlCo.a pair. Second, for
iadies, shoes also made by the best manu
facturers, of French kid, vesting top, com
too bals, military heel, . sold for $3 50 in
any store of this city, also for Jl 0." a pair.
Come and take a. look at them apd if you
don't buy them I will thank you for call-
Ing at the assignee sale of shoes, 775 Mar
ket street, near Fourth, opposite Phelan
building. P. C. Kelly, assignee. , . • •
Sues for Divorce.
Delia A. Dean has sued Eu;ene A. Dean
for divorce, alleging failure to provide.
Jesse Bryan and Eugene Sheehy Met
With a Runaway Accident in
the Park.
Jesse Bryan, son of Dr. Bryan, and Eu
gene Sheeny, a mining engineer, were
thrown from a cart in which they were
riding In Golden Gate Park last night.
Rryan had his collarbone broken, .while
his companion escaped with a^few slight
bruises.
The men were out for a "good, time,"
end after reaching the park the horse be
came unmanageable and ran away. After
running a short distance the animal sud
denly swerved to one side, upsetting the
cart and throtrfng the occupants -into the
road.
. As Sheehy was much , the worse for
liquor he was locked up In the CityPrison
on a charge of being drunk. - Bryan's
broken collarbone was set at the Receiv
ing Hospital. MlM-B'/llllHt
THROWN FROM A CART
AND SEVERELY INJURED
W. H. Davenport, general agent Union
Pacific: C. W. Colby. Pacific Coast agent
Erie Despatch: W. T. McGill, contracting
agent Erie Despatch; W. R. Vice, Pacific
Coast passenger agent Union Pacific; F.
W. Prince, cityHICket agent; H. H. Fran-
A number of railroad men wereguest3
of Captain William Leale on the steamer
Caroline. Starting from Jackson-street
wharf at 4:30 o'clock, the party was given
a short pleasure trip and arrived at the
Union Iron Works in good time to see the
launch. Among those on board were the
following:
Bailroad Men on the Bay.
With the launching party were also S.
Miyosht, professor of naval architecture
in the Tokio Imperial University and in
spector in chief of the marine bureau,
Department of Communications, of Japan;
N. Klmura and S. Tsutsumjv inspectors
in the Japanese navy, and K.' Isaka of
the Toyo Kisen Kaisha, who were inter
ested spectators. They were deeply im
pressed with the "perfection of arrange
ments, as well as with the imposing ar
ray of vessels under process of construc
tion, including three torpedo-boat de
stroyers, the battleship Ohio and the al
most completed battleship Wisconsin. The
three gentlemen lirst named are on their
way to Europe on a tour of inspection
of the great ship yards and" the navies.
Besides the spectators who saw the
launch from the shore a large number
were aboard tugs, excursion steamers and
steam launches, all of which craft were
bright wi^h flags.
Fred A. Gardiner, Dr. E. Calderon, Consul
for Honduras, and Dr. N. Rosencrantz.
A large party of railroad officials and
other notables occupied the raised plat
form at the vessel's bow. Among them
were Captain Payson, vice president of
the San Francisco and San Joaquin Val
ley Railroad and president of tho Santa
Fe Terminal Company of California, for
whom the San Pablo is being constructed;
Mrs. Payson, Miss Christine Payson, Ir
ving M. Scott, Irving M. Scott Jr., W. A.
Bissell, assistant general traffic manager
of the Santa Fe; Mrs. Bissell, Alexander
Mackie. secretary and treasurer of the
Santa Fe Terminal Company; Mrs. Mac
kie and children. Robert Forsyth. general
manager of the Union Iron Works; J. O'B.
Gunn, secretary of the Union Iron Works;
Captain John Metcalfe, Captain John
Leale, Howard C. Holmes, chief engineer
for the Harbor Commissioners: John Par
rott, John C. Coleman, Edward Coleman,
Many Notables Present.
Irving M. Scott had general supervision
of the launch. James Dickie, superin
tendent of the shipyard, had direct super
vision, and at 5 o clock gave the orders
that set hundreds of men at work knock
ing away the keel blocks.
Ing- Qie San Pablo down the- well-greased
ways. As the vessel moved Miss Chris
tine Payson, daughter of Captain A. H.
Payson, president of the Santa Fe Ter
minal of California, broke a bottle of Cali
fornia champagne on the vessel's bow and
christened it the San Pablo. A great
shout went up from the people and the
whistles of the Union Iron Works Joined
the whistles of the tugs and steamers
along the front In a deafening screech ot
welcome.
HOME AFTER HER,
EASTERN TRIUMPHS
California Songstress in a
Fair Way to Win
Fame.
IISS MAY LITTLE.
IPS CORNELIA MAT LITTLE,
If \l\ the California contralto, is on a
Ii It\ \ vlEit to hcr ol<i home - She has
v been three years in the East,
ftuaying under Miss Anna Miller Wood,
£<rid has met with a very gratifying suc
cess in Uo?ton, the home of music and
culture. Miss Little is the contralto solo
!fct cf the Unitarian church in Milton,
31ass>.
Miss Little was formerly the solo con
tralto of the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church on Mission street, between Sixth
end Seventh, but went East to perfect her
voice. She is now well on the road to
fame, and judging by the notices she has
received 5n the Eastern papers bids fair
to become a star on the concert stage.
Mi=s Little is the daughter of Chief En
gineer A. D. Little of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's Marlposa. She gives a
concert next Tuesday evening at Century
Hall on Butter street, assisted by Misa
Olive Edmunds and Samuel Savannah.
THE SAN PABLO AS SHE SLID INTO THE WATERS OF THE BAY.
Cisco, general agent; N. W. Hall, con
tracting agent; John L. Truslow, general
agent: H. R, Alberger, chief clerk traffic
department; W.B. Hinchman, chief clerk
freight department— all of the Santa Fe;
Dr. George S. Good fellow, chief surgeon
of, -the -Santa Fe; W. G. Nevin, general
manager; J. J.'. Byrne, general passenger
agent; Edward Chambers, general. freight
agent; W. G. Barnwell, assistant general
freight agent; J. P. Greagson.- chief clerk
general, freight office— all of Los Angeles;
A. S. Hore, contracting agent;, and Harry
Blair, W, C. Ashley, Zach George, of the
traffic department; and C. F. .Tillotson
and Misses Ackerman, Powell and Witts
of the freight department of the Santa
Fe; E. R. Spangler of St. Louis. R, R.
Ritchie, general agent Chicago and North
western.
The San Pablo will be the finest ferry
boat on the bay. It is expected that she
will be completed in sixty days and put
on the run between Point Richmond and
San Francisco. The vessel has a length
of 225 feet, 04 feet beam and 17.6 feet
depth. Her horsepower Is 2000 and speed I
fifteen knots. Her keel was laid May 15.
Feathering paddle-wheels are the nov
elty in the construction of the San Pablo.
They are so built as to feather in either
direction, as the San Pablo is intended to
run either end tirst. The wheels are very
small, permitting gTeater deck room above
for the accommodation of passengers.
* Work will at once begin In the con
structing shed made vacant by the launch
of the San Pablo on tho freight steamer
Alaskan, to be built for the American-
Hawaiian Steamship- Company, which is»
to be 4S9 feet in length.
Most of the business houses In Mexico
midd C le OS o e f d i°e r fi^ 0 " "* » ** * «».
of the dead engineer, celebrated th«
funeral mass.
Ed Williams, alias "Slim." a bunko
man, was taken from the City Prison yes
terday by .. a constable to San Rafael,
where he Is wanted on a charge of
larceny. Williams and two companions
went to the saloon of John Escallier, Ross
Valley, Tuesday night and began shaking
dice for drinks, then for quarters. Finally
they Induced Escallier to Join them In a
game of poker and quickly relieved him
of $100. The other two men have not yet
been arrested. , . ..-..¦..
Bunkoed a Saloonzaan.
SENT HERE TO BECOME
CHARGE OF THE CITY
Sheriff of I>ayton, Wasii., Sends a
Pauper Away to Save tht
Expense.
Dennis Magulre applied at th« health
office yesterday to be admitted to the
Alrr.shousa llagulre claims to have re
cently been ar. inmate of the County In-
fir-nary at Dayton. Wash. According to
his Etcry. the Sheriff of Dayton guv© nlra
J23 and put him oa a train which left that
place for this city. As it cost 65 cents a
day for his maintenance, tho authorities
of Dayton thought It would be cheaper
to send Maguire to San Francisco to be
come a pub'.ic charge. Magulre says he
had a farm near Dayton, on which a
xnortsajre of $150 was foreclosed.
Secretary Brown sent the applicant, to
the A lms house, but he will be sent back
where he came from. Magulre thiuk3 he
can raise the money to gx> back if he
communicates •with friends in Daytcn.
New Santa Fe Ferry Steamer, Christened by Miss
I Ghristine Pay son, Daughter of tlie Vice Presi
dent of the San Joaquin Valley Road.
THE Santa Fe ferry . steamer San
Pablo was launched yesterday after
noon at the Union Iron "Works under
auspicious circumstances. Promptly
at 5:3 J o'clock the last keel blocks- were
knocked away and the splendid craft elid
slowly and without a tromor down the
ways and into the waters of tho bay.
The launching was witnessed by several
thousand people, gathered lnsldo and out
sldo tho yard. Not a delay or hitch of
any sort marred the occasion. At the
time set almost to the second the last
blows of the hammers were struck, start-
The army transport service- has about
all It can do these times, owing to tho
arrival and departure of so many troops.
Those booked tor the Sherman will be
corning- In to-<5ay from various points and
will march aboard the transport Instead
of going Into camp, as la customary when
the time between their arrival and de
parture is not so short.
The troops -en route to China In addi
tion to those sailing on the Sherman will
bo sent out on the Logan and Thomas. A
battalion of the Second Infantry and two
battalions of the First Infantry due here
the latter part of next week will sail on
the I-ogan September 1. A battalion of
the Fifth and a battalion- of the Eighth
Infantry will sail on the Thomas Septem
ber 16. These troops, with Light Batteries
.M and C. Seventh Artillery, complete the
¦number at present under orders for China.
Two hospital stewards and twelve Hos
pital Corps privates from Fort McDowell
Jiave been assigned to duty with the Sec
ond Battalion of the Second Infantry and
the Third Battalion of the Eighth In
fantry, and will join them on the Sher
tnan upon their arrival.
Acting Assistant Surgeon A. M. Gulttard
Is assigned to duty at the general hos
¦pllal. Presidio, and Acting Assistant Sur
geon Wililajn P. Baker is also assigned to
the hospital, awaiting 1 transportation
a-broad. G. B. Wallace, L. P. Bleaseby.
J. F. l^dwards, J. F. Kemp, W. T. Woo
ton, L. Brechen-.in Jr., \V. C. Mabry, R.
IZ. Xoble. L. B. Peck, J. R. Shook, G.
WlUdow. J. A. O'Xeil. L. B. Ohlineer, H.
J. Watson and H. H. Bailey, acting: assist
ant surgeons, are booked for passage on
the Sherman.
The Big Troopships WJ11 Depart for
the Orient on September 1
and 16 Respec
tively.
Five Battalions of Infantry
to Sail on Transports
Logan and Thomas..
MORE SOLDIERS
ARE BOOKED FOR
TRANSPORTATION
NEWS FROM TH
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
British Steamer Argyll Is
Bought by James Jerpme
¦ for Coast Trade.
Will Make Trip to Manila" for Uncle
Sam and Will Enter Lists
- ¦ . *•*:¦ 'tv* as an American
""'Vessel.
The British steamer Argyll has been
purchased by Janes Jerome and will be
added to his line of coasting colliers after
her next voyage to Manila for the United
States Government. When Bhe comes to
San Francisco the Argyll will fly the
stars and stripes, as under an arrange'
ment with Uncle Sam the old owners
had a claim upon an American registry.
When the United States wanted ships
to carry her aoldiers to the Philippines
Dodwell & Co. of Hongkong and Portland
came to the . assistance of the Govern
ment with the British steamers Victoria,
Tacoma, Olympla and Columbia.- Tho rate
was. reasonable, but' there was a string 1
attached to It- Oodwell & Co. wera to ba
given an American registry for five
steamers. They at one© placed the Vic
toria, Tacoma, Olympia and Columbia
under the stars and stripes. Since then
the Columbia has been purchased by the.
Government and is known as the Rose
crans.
The listing of these four vessels left
Dodwell & Co. "with a. vacancy for an
other British ship to be placed under the
American flag. The Argyll was pur
chased from J. Warrack *s Co. of Liver
pool, England, and was then chartered
to the Government for one trip to Ma
nila. Since then she has been sold to
James Jerome and will run in the coal
trade between here and Puget Sound.
Ths Argyll Is 18S6 tons net burden, or
nearly 600 'tons larger than Jerome's
steamer Progreso. She was built In 1S92
by W. Gray & Co. (Limited) at West Har
telpool, England, and is 320 feet 2 Inches
long, 40 feet 7 Inches beam and 24 feet 4
Inches deep. •
Steamer for Vallejo Trade.
Hatch Bros, are building a new steamer
for the Vallejo trade. She will be on
the model of the Monticello, but larger
and faster. When completed it is expect
ed that she will make at least eighteen
knots, and will bo one of the fastest boats
on the bay. The new boat is being built
at Belllngham Bay, and will be ready
for service by the first of the year. With
her Captain Hatch says he can make
railroad time, and will give the Southern
Pacific a hard run for the entire trade
of Vallejo and Maro Island. The new
boat and the Monticello are expected to
make six trips a day, which will be at
least three trips more than is made by
the railroad.
A Gallant Rescue.
Had It not been for the prompt action
of Henry Peterson a lad named John
Jackson, who lives on San Jose avenue,
would have lost his life yesterday. Jack
son with three other lads had come down
to the Potrero to see the launching of the
Santa Fe steamer San Pablo. To be
guile tho time they went out fishing In
a flat-bottomed boat and finally got on
some boom-logs moored In the basin by
the Union Iron Works. Young Jackson
got on one of these logs and making a
mlssstep fell into the bay. He was go
ing down for the last time when Peter
son happened along in his launch DelL
Without* an instant's hesitation the gal
lant launch owner jumped in with all his
clothes on and held the boy up until the
Dell could be put about, when both were
got aboard. Young Jackson was sent
ashore in the skiff, while Peterson hurried
back to Folsom street in the launch and
then went home to change his clothes as
though nothing had happened.
"Water Front Notes.
The battle-ship "Iowa was moved down
to an anchorage off the Union Iron Works
yesterday, where she will be coaled. On
Tuesday she goes to Monterey, so to
day will be the last occasion on which
the battle-ship can be visited for several
weeks to come. Launches will run from
the Folsom-street float as usual. .
Among those who will sail on the trans
port Sherman on Monday will be a chief
and first assistant, engineers and a num
ber of other employes for the engine
room 'of the hospital ship Relief. The men
on the Relief have been a long time away
from home and they want to get back.
LAUNCH OF THE SAN PABLO
AT THE UNION IRON WORKS
Honored by His Late Companions.
-The. funeral "of the late Edgar ; L. Hunt
took place yesterday from the Mission Do
lores Church. :, Hunt is the . young engineer
who died in the Southern Pacific Hospital
a few days - ago. The class of '90 from
*v an . der XMaillen s , School of. Engineering,
of which the "deceased was a membt r'
escorted the body to Calvary Cemetery'
where the .Interment .took place. The
Rav. Father J. : Conwai'. a Hf clone friend
Gallant Sergeant Moly
neaux Goes to Eng
land to Wed.
SERGEANT H. P. MOL.TNEATJX-
FIRST SERGEANT HARRY P.
MOLYNEAUX of the Eighteenth
'Infantry has secured a leave of
absence of four month3, and Is go
ing to England to wed Mis3 Mabel Sey
mour. Theirs was strictly a wartime
wooing, having met on the battlefield
at Manila, he in the discharge of his du
ties as a soldier of Uncle Sam, while she
was correspondent for a London dally.
The gallant sergeant and Miss Seymour
met frequently^ and their friendship rip
ened Into love. . Mabel , returned to Lon
don,, and is now awaiting the arrival of
Sergeant' Molyneaux, who canoe homo
with his' regiment and secured Uncle
Sam's permission to cross the ocean-and
make , her j his bride.' Sergeant Holyneaux
Is i one of the most popular non-commls
sioned officers at the Presidio.
BRIDE WAITS FOR
HER SOLDIER BOY
THE SAN FEANCISCO .CALL, -.SUNDAY* .A1QGUST 19, 1900.
28
. ADVEBTISTntfT^TTTa. •;
•M^^-1-K-ri"!-:-^:"!"!":-:-:^:^^-:--!":-!-: 1 1 1 1*1 1 1 i'i 1 1 1 i\ iniiMii-t
EXTRA VALUES IN OUR ':
nOMF^TIR' nFPARTMFNTS !
UUlfikO 1 1U ULl fiii J IflLll I O :
FOR THIS WEEK. :
TOWELS. :
Extra H«avy Fine Damask Towels, 11x28 inches, wltlx two row» of op«m worl^ »Xt m
pure linen, . la white and colored borders at .
25c Each. •
MAKKET'STHEBT STOKE OTILY.
NAPKINS. i i
One lot of S-* Dinner BIza Xapktno. bleac&ed and ready for ¦as*.
At $1.50 Dozen. \
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY* '
TABLE LINEN. :
Ten pieces of Bxtra Heavy bleached Tfcble Lfnea. M InchM Trlfla. m*O» hf'ih* .
Belfast LJnen Company, warranted all pure linen. *
The lot at 75c per Yard. :
MARKET-STREET STORE OHLY.
MARSEILLES SPREADS. :
One cue of fine Marseille* Spreads, the full doobl* -tad ¦!*•. Xad* «f Ci* -^err- Wrt .** .
grade of cotton. *\*\ ¦_. ¦
» » m . "¦¦"^^ \0 IIS •
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
CALIFORNIA WOOL BLANKETS. ]
One cau of Fin* California Wool Blanket* sUa ISzSO. X food txmSy Uankit at ,
$5.00 Pair..:
MflBKer-STHEET 8TOJ»B OHX.TT.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN, \
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET. v '
4^i^ H .4^. I .. I .. I .. I .. I .. I ..H.i-M 1 1 1 1 I'M i r 1 1 1 i-i-i i r 1 1 1 niwriri i »•
We've been seized
with a perfect,
THIS WEEK SOME OF THE I
BEST WE EVER OFFERED 1 |
In royal semi-porcelain of rich
blu9 spray decorations, in the
very latest shapes, we offer in
open stock such char-
We are still % . . ,. ,_
continuing our\ actenstic bargains as:
great sale of \*
Breakfast Plates 75c set of <5
Shirts snd \ D|nherpiates 75c set O f 6
-- - f XL OU P P' ates 65c set of 6
OOOOfWOOf! \ Covered Dishes... 75c each
Underwear . . . 40c\ Cups and Saucers. .85c set of 6
Per Garment; Worth 75c. Re e ular $ 2 - 50 P er dozen vaIues -
Golf Shirts 50c and 90c\ Teapots 55c each
Regular 75c and $5.23 Values. lk Regular 90c Values.
<$> j -T— s
Li — — — -*!&
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
All Orders of $5.00 or More Delivered Free to any Railroad Station. " r -
REmoVML OP
Co. from 136 Ellis st.. where will be sold «»•
J« H « W . ins * tcck ' "sardlesa o* cost or profit
3« Heine upright pianoo. 7 Stelnway upright
pianos. 1 Mason & Hamlin. 9 Chick-rln K Bros..
1 fehaw. 2 \ose. 1 FlMher. 5 SeMIler^ SGlbsons
8 Straub«»9. 1 Deerlns. u Schacffers. 1 auto-
matic oiano. First parties to come will havift
r Li C hotce - No . rea«onable offer will b«s.*«\-
fua«l on any ot, Uies« plancw. We : will reri
pianoo and %iiow-rent on purchase price or s.ii 1
on very easr terms; any way. mast close them
out. sale new going: on at 138. Ellis st. cor.
Mason, which we must vacate before Sept. l»t.
aJter .which we will occupy our beautiful sew
store at 21? Geary at.
Country . Houses, Hotels, Flats
and Cottages Furnished
Complete.
CREDIT IP DESIRED.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST..
Open Evenin«s. Near Powell.
Free Delivery Within 200 Mlloa.The Southern Paclftc Railway Company
informed the' Board of Public. Works [yes
terday that :. it would remove the fence
which it recently erected at the terminus
of Sixteenth street. --2£J_HfeP8 | JB£3§& ; ' 1 i :
Commissioner.' Magulre will next direct
his attention to 'Alameda, Eldorado and
Merrimac streets, » which have ' also been
fenced in by the, company along, the east
line of Kentucky, Street- - '- - -' :-;-- ¦;•
Restriction Act.
.^Remember the restriction act is about
to expire and we need its best friend, Dr.
C. C. O'Donnell, In Congress to look after
a new one. He Is a great orator. * i^ •
On the Cricket Field.
The Pacific Cricket Club will play the
fourth match of this Reason against the
California eleven to-day at Alameda, and
if the Ca'.ifornias are without the ser
vices of Reynolds and Howard should
succeed In boating them.
The representatives of the Pacific Club
will be chosen from the following: J.
My«T*. C. P. Coles. George Theobald. 'II.
C. Casidy. J. J.- Theobald. George Wise
man. W. Jamieson, D. Jaroicson, L. II.
gandllands, \V. McDonald, A. W. Wild
ing and A. B. Willis. The California
eleven will b<» chosen from the following:
£C. G. Sloman, J. Guild, \V. Reeves, A.
I'lckenson, L. Schroeder, G. Schrocder.
W. Roberts, "W. Reed, B. Bromfield, T.
I; Smith. J. Turner and A. Willis.
'f hough several days have elapsed sinc*
the secretary of the association wrote to
the Santa Cruz Country Cricket Club, no
answer has yet been received to tho com
munication. • The suggestion was made
that the Santa Cruz cricketers should
viFlt thi* city during: the Labor day holi
days and play against each of the local
«'lubs, the Alameda vs. Pacific match* set
down for that day being postponed. It
teems, however, that the Santa Cruz men
wish to visit San Francisco during the
*cml-centennial celebration of the 'Native
Sons, and it is -possible that they will
come v.it at that time and will play
afrtliiPt the strongest teams that can bo
got together by the local ciub3, which
will l>t- somewhat weakened by. the ab
sence of some of their best players, who
will be away on the trip to Lake County.
Bora Fulirig' Convicted.
Dora Fuhrig. the notorious midwife, who
has several times been arrested for, mur
der and acquitted, was convicted by Judge
Cabanlss yesterday of practicing medicine
without a diploma. Sh* was arrested on
complaint of Dr. Wadsworth of the State
Medical Board.' The defense raised the
point that as she had a diploma as a mid
wife from a university in Dantzig. Ger
many, and only practiced as \snch sh<*
could not be convicted. Sentence iwas re
served until next Saturday.
, The Chinese are essentially; cotton con
sumers, the majority of the people dress
ing in clothes of that fabric-
BERKELEY, Aug. 18.— The boys of the
Allston "Way School have, organized a
school society and elected : the ¦ following
officers: President, Henry Snell;^ vice
president, Starr Hill: secretary, ¦ Philip
Hackley ; treasurer, Frank Eastln; ser
geant at arms, Rial Whitlock;
Schoolboys Organize.
• CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— First game: Chlcagro.
1; Milwaukee, 0. Second game: Called on ac
count of darkness in the fifth Inning; Chicago,
1; Milwaukee, 0.
KANSAS CITY. Auff. 18.— Kansas City, 4;
Minneapolis, 3.
BUFFALO, Aug. 18.— No game; rain.
CLEVELAND. Aug. 18.— Cleveland, 4 ; De
troit. 5. - ¦".'¦. : -
Batteries^ — Newton and Kahoe; Orth and
McFarland. Uraplre---Em8lle. . • •
American League Games.
PITTSBURO, Aug. 18.— McGinnity lost his
first pame to Pittsburg by good hard bumps.
Attendance. 7900. Score:
Clubs— Tt. H. E.
PittRbur* 8 12 l
Brooklyn ...* 4 5 3
Batteries— Chesbro and Zimmer; McGinnlty
and Farrell. Umpire— O" Day.
CHICAGO,. Aug. 18.— Pink Hawley pitched a
great eame against Chicago to-day, a game
that with clean fielding on both sides would
read New' York, l: Chicago, 0. Attendance,
2600. Score: .-..- _ -
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago > 2,7 3
New York \^.. ...... 6 10 5
Batteries — Taylor and Chance: Hawley and
ikmerman. Umpire — Swartwood.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 18.— Newton had the vis
itors at his mercy to-day. The locals bunched
two singles, a double and a triple in the sec-,
ond. The game wu the, fastest played here
In jc-ara. Attendance, 2000. Score:
Clubs— R. H.iE.
Cincinnati 3 6 0
Philadelphia 0 7 4
Ft. Louis 14 4
Boston 9 14 1
Batteries— Young, Hughey and Criger; Lewis
and Sullivan. Umpire — Hurst.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 18.— Boston batted Touns
out of the box in the second inning and
Hughey. who took his place, waa hit Just aa
hard. Attendance. 6300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Clubs— W. I* Pet. Clubs— XV. I_ Pet.
Brooklyn ....57 35 .C20 Boston 47 48 AU
Flttsburg ...54 43 .507 6t. LouU....42 49 .462
Philadelphia. 47 46 .505 Cincinnati ..43 61 .457
Chicaco 47 48 .494 New York... 36 54 .400
Boston Proves to Be Too Strong for
the St. Louis Men.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
YOUNG BATTED OUT.
Peter Matliison, an Old Man, Aston
ishes Police at the Southern «
Station.
Peter Mathison, an old man living at
S10*. Minna street, called at the Southern
police station about 7 o'clock yesterday
morning with his face and head cut and
bleeding. He said a man who lived in- the
flat above him had come up behind him
in the yard and struck him on the back
of the head with a bottle, knocking him
down. His assailant then jumped on him
and continued to strike him with his flats
on the face and head. Mathlson nsked
Policeman Xolting. who was on station
duty, if he could carry a revolver for self
protection. Xolting toM him he could not
do so without a permit, and took him to
the Receiving Hospital, where his wounds
were dressed. -
About 10 o'clock Mathison again called
at the police station. He had an ax In his
hand, and said as the man had threatened
to kill him and he could not carry a re
volver he had armed hlmpelf with the
ax. He was induced to leave the ax at the
station and was taken to the warrant
clerk's office, where he obtained a "John
Doo" warrant for his assailant's arrest
on the charge of battery, sworn to before
Judge Mogan. Mathlson's assailant ac
cused him of killing one of his dogs.
DETERMINED TO DEFEND
HIMSELF WITH AN AX
The Building Trades Council held a spe
cial meeting last evening and reviewed
tho situation growing out of the trouble
between the planing mill owners and op
eratives. No action was taken in regard
to precipitating a general strike in the
building trades, for the reason that it was
the unanimous sentiment that the millmen
had made encouraging gains during tha
past week and that with nine factories
running on eight-hour time in competition
with the nine-hour mills It was only a
question of time when the mill-owners
would have to swing Into line or close
their shops.
The plan now is to push the eight-hour
mills !to* their utmost capacity. The num
ber of hands will be increased as, the busi
ness increases, "-and plans were discussed
last evening for working these shops with
two and three, shifts every twenty-four
hours, which /would mean the -, running of
the mills day and night. Statements hav
ing been made by the Mill-owners' Asso
ciation that the eight-hour mills were
manned principally by the owners them
selves; President • McCarthy gave out a
table last evening showing the actual
working force In these mills, as follows: ;
¦ ;- .; - ; . r Men : :- ! ;
Union Mills— . : ' : Ktru>loyed.
Searles, Hayman St Anderson 18
Robert Dewey. .....:. 10
Lo Gal & Ostrander .............. .T:.... .. H
Mission' Planing Mill 10
Humboldt Lumber Co.. Oakland..... 85
McMam»''& Gartner, : Oakland.... 13
Veltch Bros.. -Oakland ....' '. IS
Zenith Mills. Oakland ;.... 20
Jenkins Mills. Oakland .10 . /
Total ...........;.:........... 147
Some of the mlllmen were made ..very
uneasy yesterday afternoon by the report
that Mahoney : Brothers, contractors, had
accepted a load of lumber; from a nine
hour, mill" and were t putting the stuff into
a new • house , at . the • corner- of ' Broadway
and , Fillmore street. This report was
personally : investigated by President Mc-
Carthy.- who * found that the ' stock i had
been delivered. but was left untouched by
order of ; a' member . of the > firm. -;•¦? s ¦ - . ¦¦-¦¦-•
%¦ Carter < & * Davis , and Beach -. Brothers • of
Oakland were reported last evening -.as
AT a special meeting of the
Builders' Association held at
318 Bush street yesterday the
following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the Builders' Associa
tion of California deplore tho strike
and differences between the owners of
planing mills and their employes, and
we stand ready, if «o requested, . to use
our best efforts to reconcile the exist
ing differences, "and we further respect
fully euggest (both parties con
senting to abide by their decision) that
the whole matter be referred to the
Merchants' Association for arbitration
and final settlement
Union Shops May Bun Three Shifts
Every TSventy-Four Hours.
. Mill Owners Will Re- ,
main Firm.
Declares Eight-Hour Mills
Are Employing at Least
147 Men
McCARTHY SAYS
WILKIE'S TOTALS
ARE INCORRECT
having accepted the eight-hour schedule.
McCarthy Replies to Wilkie.
President McCarthy, speaking for the
Millmen's Union and the Building Trades
Council, smiled when he waa shown An
drew Wilkle's statement published in yes
terday's Call.
"In reply to the interview with Mr. Wil
kie, wherein he states that certain state
ments made by me are erroneous and mis
leading," said Mr. McCarthy. "I desire to
say that' everything said and done by the
Building Trades Council through this en
tire affair has been on the strictest lines
of sincerity and truth. This, however,
cannot be said of Mr. Wilkle's interview,
wherein he states that the mills now run
ning eight hours are only working, as he
puts it, 'the boss or employing force, with
just a few other men'— eleven. I believe,
is the number mentioned by Mr. Wilkie.
"I desire to reiterate the former state
ments given to the press by the Bunding
Trades Council, namely, that the total
number being, employed by the nine mills
which are now running on eight-hour timo
is 147, excluding the bosses, and, further
more, since these nine mills have begun
to run eight hours the working force has.
by reason of the large amout of work
coming to them through adopting the
eight-hour day, been increased from 35 to
40 per cent and many of them are now
contemplating enlarging their plants and
running two eight-hour shifts in twenty
four. It thus follows that if Mr. Wilkie
and his copartners continue to opp.ose the
just requests of the men the above men
tioned firms, with many new acquisitions,
will of necessity be compelled to run three
instead of two shifts; in other words, they
will run three eight-hour shifts in twenty
four hours. .
"With reference to that passage dealing
with outside organizations permit me to
say that Mr. Wilkie, Mr. Crocker and Mr.
Moore have ¦ endeavored long ere "this to
isolate the millmen from all the other
trades to the end that they would have to
fight their battle alone. This the millmen
refused to accede to. hence Mr. Wilkie's
wrath. With reference to the number who
are so anxious to go back it might be well
toBtate that if they were so desirous of
working nine hours, as Mr. Wilkie states,
they would have held their positions at
thetlme when Mr. Wilkie and every other
member of the so-called combine were of
fering fabulous sums in order to induce
the men to remain at work."
Machinery Crippled.
The : first complaint of any destructive
act against employers on the- part of
striking millmen is made by James
Young, who owns a mill on the corner of
Mission and Beale streets. Mr. Young
lays at the hands of the strikers an out
rageous attempt to cripple his machinery.
The attempt,: by whoever it was made,
,,was largely successful and inflicted se
rious damage. . ' , .' .' , '
Mr. Young shut his mill down- Mon
day/ last, but on" Friday had to re-
sume work In order to finish some mill
work for the Pacific;Mall Steamship Com
pany.' He Is a practical mlllhand and
with the help of his bookkeeper had suc
ceeded in partly finishing the work before
night.- Saturday morning , he found, his
sticker and planers running "out of true
and examination proved that some mis
creant had filled the oil cupa of the ma
chines-with fine - emery = powder, which
had ground- into, the shafts and bearings,
rendering the machines utterly useless for
any work requiring an accurate finish:
To put the machines in a proper state bf
repair will require the expenditure of sev
eral hundred dollars. ¦. ... -.," ¦. j-.
Mr/. Young Is at a loss for a reason for
the cowardly trick, as he has « been al
ways on the most friendly terms with his
men, some of whom have been in his em
ploy for ten and twelve years, c'.
"None of my men 1 ; would do. such a
thing,", said Mr. Young' yesterday, "but
there is always a crowd connected .with
such, strikes , that; are fit for such mean,
contemptible tricks and for nothing else.
They must have entered the place through
a space i under the sidewalk. It la- very.
evident they are millhands, for any one
unacquainted. with the machines would not
know- where to put^tho emery. , As it'.waa
it was . placed where it would do the : most
damage; If they want to win' their stnko
these men • had better o.uit such under
handed tricks." - ¦ -" • , - •>
-The mill-owners held a' short meeting in
their rooms . on Sansome street last even
ing and discussed the situation. It was
agreed 1 to ; stand : together and ¦ fight ; out
the affair.' although it is eald ¦ there ! were
two * or three ; firms ¦ that i were ' willing • to
accede'to the union's demands, especially
, If the Building Trades Council 'agreed to
Harry E % Corbett and Others Arrested
• Triday Night Convicted by
Judge Mogan.
The case of Harry E.. Corbett, Walter
Mclnerney and • William Daley, charged
with violating the ordinance against pool
selling, was called before Judge Mogan
yesterday. Attorney Joseph Coffey spe
cially prosecuted, and the defendants
were represented by Attorney George D.
Collins.
The arrests were made Friday night by
arrangement with Chief Sullivan, Corbett
claiming that as he is merely acting as a
commission broker and telegraphs the bets
to San Jose to be placed, he does not vio
late the ordinance.
Lieutenant Martin testified to seeing Da
ley make a bet on the Qardner-Gallahan
fight in New York. He asked Mclnerney
if he had telegraphed the bet to San
Jose, and received a reply in the affirma
tive. He then placed the defendants un
der arrest.
The Judge convicted the defendants and
ordered them to appear for sentence Tues
day. Collins Intimated that he would then
move for a new trial and the case would
bo argued.
The case of Henry Schwartz was again
called in Judge Conlan's court yesterday,
and by consent was continued till Tues
day to be tried, and a venire for flfty
talesmen was issued. The cases of John
Riley. T>. J. Crowley. Harry E. Corbett,
John Gallagher. George Duncan. James
King, James Smith and John Phillips were
continued for aweek.
QUICK WORK IN. TEST
POOLSELLING CASE
T\ T EW YORK. Aug. IS.— Edwin Mark
j\ I ham th!3 afternoon answered the
I \i criticism of his poem. "The Man
I \ With the Hoe," by the late Collis
-*- P. Huniinston, and defended the
philosophy of his famous verses. Jtfr.
H'jntir.gton a year tyjo offered a prize of
JTOO for the best answer to "The Man
"With the Hoe." In making the offer he
cq.iii that Mr. Markham's poem did Injury
13 a prcat class of agricultural toilers,
who fhould resent the statement that they
¦v.ore "brothers to the ox."
The title of the poem for which the re
gard was offered was to be "The Man
Without the Hoc" The offer was anony
mous, and it was not known until after
ttM death cf Mr. Huntington that he was
the n.an who made it.
Mr. Markhair.. -when -een at his home
at 555 Third street. Brooklyn this after
noon. ?aia: "As far as I can see, I agree
ykh Mr. lluntinjrton in all he has to say
about n:cn without hoes. Th*y are idlers,
¦«tnfl there Ffcould he no idlerp. Mr. Hunt-
Incton had a gooo deal to say about the
'dignity of labor, all of which I very heart
ily approve.
••Certainly there Is rm dimity In chronic
Idleness Xoither is there dignity in drudg
ery. Dru<1pcry is the thing to which my
poVm refers. It refers to the man under
the burden of industrial oppression— the
nan whofe own life and whose ancestors
.lives perhaps have h?.<i nothing in them
but joyless and hopeless drudgery.
"The hoe nian does not represent the
worker as a class. He represents that
Fejrment of the labor class blasted and
broken down hy poverty and overwork.
"A few critics have understood this
y>rir;in. Oth?r> have fought its philosophy,
calling it shallow, dangerous and so on;
Yiut 1 nefKl not be concerned about this.
They are not making faces at me and my
philosophy, but at some of tiie stern, un
lilnrhing facts of life.
"The principle at the basis of the poem
is the fact that man is largely shaped and
Programme Arrang-ed by Educators
for Convention to Be Held in
December.
A meeting of the executive committee of
the California Teachers' Association was
held In the office of- the Superintendent of
Schools yesterday for the purpose of ar
ranging a programme for the convention
of the association to be held in this city
on December 26. 27, 28 and 29. Superin
tendent Webster was chairman of the
meeting and an election for officers re
sulted as follows:
President. Superintendent J. W. Mc-
Clymonds of Oakland; vice presidents-
Superintendent O. W. Erlewine of Sacra
mento and R. D. Faulkner of San Fran
cisco; secretary^ Mrs. M. M. Fitzgerald
of San Francisco. '
The meeting was addressed by G. W.
Meade of Oakland, J. A. Addicott of the
State Normal School. San Jose; Ronald
P. Gleason of Oakland and Miss Estelle
Carpenter of San Francisco.
The programme comprises two sessions
of round tables on the mornings of De
cember 26 and 27. Work will be presented
in English, hygiene, classic and modern
languages, manuel training, drawing,
hiph school science, nature study, music,
child study, kindergarten, history and re
ceiving class work.
The afternoon sessions will be addressed
by President Wheeler of Berkeley, Rev.
Dr. Brown of Oakland. Dr. 'Jordan of
Stanford University and Miss Lillie Mar
tin. Through the courtesy of Superin
tendent Webster Professor Thwing «of
Cleveland. Ohio, has been engaged for
three addresses on "The Teacher as a
Force in Civilization," "Characteristics
of Education in the Twentieth Century,"
and "Some Introductions Which the
Teacher Is in Peril of Making."
CALIFORNIA TEACHERS'
ASSOCIATION TO MEET
molded by his environments: also that
society is largely responsible for that en
vironment. Land monopoly, for Instance,
Is gradually crowding people into cities.
This fact- is not for the general welfare
of the race. Quite the reverse; but society
is responsible for land monopoly.
"The poem does wrong to no man. It
insults no man. It is simply an arraign
ment of the masters, lords and rulers for
their ruthless betrayal of the rights of the
pfople. It Is a protest against monopoly
and special privilege by which people are
robbed of their right to labor, their right
to rest and their right to prosper in their
labor."
Reviews the Enormity of th© Guilty
Man's Crime' and Condemns
Him to 35 Years at
San Quentin. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITT7~Aug. 18.— John Fitz
gerald, the murderer of John Lennon, waa
sentenced to-day by Judge W. P. Lawlor
of San Francisco to thlrty-flve years' im
prisonment at San Quentin. This virtu
ally means that Fitzgerald will spend the
balance of his days behind the bars, as
he is now about 50 years of age.
In passing; sentence Judge Lawlor re
viewed to considerable extent the evidence
as produced at the trial, and commented
upon the defense set up by Fitzgerald.
He also complimented the District At
torney and the Sheriff upon the manner
in which they conducted the prosecution
and investigated the crime.
Before sentence was passed upon the
prisoner, his attorney, L. P. Boardman,
made the usual motion for a new trial,
which 'was denied by the court.
.One of the grounds of the motion was
alleged misconduct upon the part of Juror
Horace Wilson, who, it was alleged by
Fitzgerald in an affidavit, during the
course of the trial, in company with two
other men, ¦ visited the County Jail for
the purpose of examining the place and
obtaining evidence out of court.
Fitzgerald testified that while a pris
oner in the jail he was thrown into a
filthy and vermin-Infected place and com
pelled to associate with criminals and the
scum of society, and in his affidavit
charges that Nelson visited the place for '
the purpose of negativing the evidence of
defendant.
Mr. Nelson in an affidavit admitted the
visit, as stated, but alleged that he was
Invited to do so by a person who was a
stranger to him and to tho county, and
that he went out of curiosity; that he
talked with no one about the case, and
that the visit did not influence his ver
dict in any manner.
Before passing sentence Judge Lawlor
stated that In his opinion the killing of
Lennon by Fitzgerald was a cold-blooded
murder and he was only surprised that
the jury did not bring in a verdict of
murder in the first degree instead of the
second degree. He said he did not believe
the defendant's version of the shooting,
but thought while upon the witness stand
Fitzgerald deliberately lied and committed
perjury in addition to the crime of mur
der. He was satisfied from all the cir
circumstances in the case that defendant
had formed the intention of murdering
Lennon and had been waiting for just
such an opportunity as presented itself
on Christmas eve of last year. He
spoke of Fitzgerald as an outcast from
society, a man without a home, shunned
bv all except Lennon, who was his best
friend and who. when every one had turned
against Fitzgerald, took him into his homo
and sheltered and fed him and waa his
benefactor.
At the time of passing sentence the
courtroom was full of people.
Fitzgerald and Lennon had been living
together for some months previous to De
cember of last year at the latter's house,
near Holy Cross Cemetery, in the north
end of San Mateo County. Lennon was a
teamster and contractor and Fitzgerald
was living with him. These two men and
a boy by the name of O'Malley were the
only occupants of the house.
On Sunaay, the 24th day of December
of last year, Fitzgerald went to San
Francisco. He took the early train at
Holy Cross, being accompanied to the
train by O'Malley. He had quarreled with
Lennon the night previous and on the
way to the train said to O'Malley: "If
I put a bullet through that nothing
would be done to me."
Fitzgerald returned to the Lennon
house the same evening and found Len
non there alone. Words passed between
the men and Fitzcerald says Lennon
struck him and knocked him • down and
beat him. He got up and attempted to
get away. Near the door he picked up
a rifle. Lennon came at him again and
he* struck him with the rifle. Lennon
grabbed the rifle and it waa accidentally
discharged, the bullet piercing Lennon's
breast.
. The jury placed no credence in his story
of self-defense and accident, neither did
the Judge. *
An appeal will be taken to the' Supreme
Court and a stay of execution has been
granted for four weeks.
Judge Lawlor Passes Sen
tence Upon the Slayer
of Lennon.
FITZGERALD GOES
TO PRISON FOR
MANY YEARS
Compares I-Jis Mao With the floe
With the Magnate's Meo
Without Ho^s.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARKHAM REPLIES
TO HUNTINGTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19, 1900.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— Several stone ma
sons, assisted by a derrickman and en
gineer, resumed work on the De Fremery
building at 1 o'clock this afternoon, but
three-quarters of an hour later J. H. Mul
len, business agent of the Building Trades
Council, called the men off.
"The men went to work under a misun
derstanding," said J. Pratt of the Build
ing Trades Council. "They thought that
permission had been granted by President
McCarthy of the San Francisco Building
Trades' Council, with whom the masons
are affiliated. It was said that the archi
tect of- the building had promised that no
unfair timber should be used In the.con
struction and that the stonemasons might
therefore lay the remaining twenty-one
stones in order that the derrick and en
gine might be removed from the street.
"No knowledge of such an arrangement
has come to the local Trades Council,
and so Mr. Mullen refused to let the work
go o»."
A rumor was circulated this afternoon
that when the men at Burnham & Stande
ford's mill stopped work at lunch time
they were pelted with bricks by a crowd
of 'men on the corner of Washington and
Second streets. The members of the Mill
Workers* Union Indignantly deny that any
disturbance occurred. They declare that
protect the local mills from out-of-town
competition.
The Union Lumber Company at the foot
of Sixth street has ten men put of four
teen at work and is rushed with business.
As only about 10 per cent of the com
pany's business is done in this city the
threats of the union to have its goods
boycotted do not cause the concern much
a "n Nearly all the mills the owners have
a eood word to say for the men as re
gards the way they are conducting their
side of the affair. There has been abso
lutely no attempt at violence, and In the
few instances where non-union men have
been invited to Join the union there have
been no threats made, and if the work
men ware disinclined to Join the organiza
tion they were promptly let alone.
At the labor bureau rooms there is an
interesting scene every day and ni?ht.
The men gather there to discuss the situ
ation and read the papers. Collectively
the workmen are an intelligent set of
men. and if any bitterness is entertained
toward the owners the members keep it
to themselves. Their main issue is for
fair play, .which they firjnly believe will
come to them eventually.
SITUATION IN OAKLAND
REMAINS UNCHANGED
Pain, known as the fireworks king of
New Tork, London and Paris, has been
engaged through the enterprise of San
Francisco business men to brine his
greatest spectacular success, the "Battle
of San Juan." to San Francisco for a lim
ited season, opening: Saturday. September
l, and continuing nightly through tha
semi-centennial holidays.
The entire production is on the most
elaborate scale. 500 performers, athletes,
specialists, soldiers and officers partici
pating in the spectacle. The thrilling
bombardment, storming and capture of
Ban Juan Hill Is followed by a grand re
view of military bands and troops. Then
will* follow a $1000 display of Pain's
"World's Fair fireworks, the special fea
ture of which will be changed nightly.
/The spectacle will be located at Sixteenth
and Folsom streets grounds.
CAPTURE OF SAN JUAN
HILL WILL BE RECALLED
"No overtures have yet been made by
either side,"- he said, "and we cannot fore
see where the trouble will end. Despite
the assertions of some of the operatives
to the contrary, there have been no mills
reopened under the eight-hour schedule. I
must acknowledge, however, that one firm
belonging to the owners' combine has suc
cumbed to the eight-hour cry— that of Ho
gan Brothers who operate a small mill in
connection with the business of the Hum
boldt Lumber Company. This mill employs
but two or three men, and these Irregu
larly, and Is operated simply t* tnrn out
special orders for the lumber company.
I suppose the Hogans seceded from our
organization because they feared their
lumber would not be handled.
"The other mills running eight hours,
McManus & Gartner's and the Zenith,
have been dotn;? so for years, paying their
men a proportionate rate of wages. Ken
dall's mill, in East Oakland, claimed by
the men to have agreed to the eight-hour
proposition, is running not eight but only
six and three-quarters hours a day. The
men are paid three-quarters time.
"The situation Is simply this— we cannot
pay our men ten hours' pay for an eight
hour day and at the same time be subject
to the competition of outside mills."
it is their Intention to act peaceably and
honorably in the present dispute. A squad
of police was sent to the mill at quitting
time, but found nothing to dp.
C. L. Ingler, president of the Alameda
County Mlllowners* Association, declared
to-day that there are no immediate pros
pects of a settlement of the differences
existing over the. demanded dent-hour
schedule.
Will Remove the Fence.
29
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"It Is a Fatal Error"
fn-j * Dr. Dennett. "For Men nnd Wo-
men to attempt to Relieve Their
M>alcne*i«e« by Drue Treatment"
—The Doctor Known Electricity
Is the Only Cure for These Dis-
ease- and Want* the Whole
World to Know It He Ad vixen
Yon to Beware of Imitators of His
Electric Belt.
X Imvc been considered an authority
on Electrical treatment tor years,
nnd have invented a method that
IibjKlriana and scientiMs indorse
t * the only Crue way of applyinir
-Electricity to the huninn nyntenu
An in > Electric Belt Is being: init-
iated to a considerable extent on
th«* I^arlfic Coast. I have decided
to open nn office here and make
this my headquarters. I already
linve thousands ot patients here
and Ui-.cn there are many tliou-
«nu(ls more who are in need of
my treatment.
The treatment— the scientific treatment.
T mesLr. — of these Wasting and Xervous
LMHPaFes of men and women should not be
t .~ ;...-„ a day loneer than is necessary.
The slightest
sf~~X^ defects in your
•/fLi — nerves or blood
->£_. c\A_ N should be re-
/^^~^^T .J j paired at once.
V >-_< \^- « /t7 These diseases
""V v ~< TVX / are usually the
X^ *\\ -S result of ignor-
\n^ i \\^J\f ar.ee in commit-
J" t '\ N| \ Jj^r^ )\ ting: excesses
t"«3_:-> VI A N /'\\ an^ over indul-
\X* xd- «'/ ) - v Bence, indiscre-
1 J s *v. v Vi_JL_.''>' s tlons. etc. Elec-
) irfdty is the
v^~*~*^j5___i-3^^ greatest brafn.
\| — ~-*~%-^5 % > i --^rt? vl^ ¦ nerve and blood
** i*fi*it I TtVvSA bolder known
•/ Ir(\ ', ' K/ to science.. It
¦\Jj* J '\i ( *^ d»fpcts of the
• nrVfr-. J>J body, refresh
Hi! in ! . and strengthen
i / the nerves and
( I I j the entire sys-
i // ' tern of both
j « . , fl I . men and worn-
I \ i en * Many who
I rn"p poF«essed a
1 I i ; pound body.
' strong and p-jw-
t\ ! erful limbs and
; whore eexual
I j I ! I ' -. FVFtems i were
// v f I \\\ \ perfect now
// I I I M V. shudder at the
hi I I \ V) ff-elinps of ex-
t_J5_L \ , Ijr haustion. laB!=l-
rt\ -**~ " tude and gen-
'V \ •» eral -n-oakne?s
XiCs ' and depression
that engulf
them. Thousands are Furrly drift-
ing toward the grave simply from
XK-irlect to heed the warnir.K of loss ot
nerve power nnd vigor. Drug* pimply
temporarily stimulate, and cannot and
Trill not cure these obstinate and humil-
iating diseases — s« you perhaps know.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
jOver falls to cure these dlsea-ses, and I
puarantee it in every case. • Your disease
makes the brafn tired, the mupcles weak,
the limb? trembling and saps the very life
Itpelf and leaven- the whn'.e body without
Ftrrnsrth and ambition. Mv Belt will save
you bH thej-? terrible suffering. I have
unFelicited. pratcful testimonials from
more than 10.'/tf) men and women whom
tny B«»lt has cured. My belt will not alone
r U Vf Impotenry. I^npt Manhood. Sperma-
torrhoea and all Sexual Weaknesses in
either sex. but will rmore Shrunken or
Undeveloped Organs, harden all muerles
of the body., cure Rheumatism in every
,-form. Kidr.^y. I^iver and Bladder Trou-
'blep. Chronic Ccnplipation. Etomarh Dis-
rrd.r?. Nervous Pro. c tration, all FemaJe
fomplaints. rtc.
My Belt in entirely different from all
Mh^r*. fty it has soft, silken. chamoi--rov-
rred «pons^ watpr-ohamher electrodes,
that do away with that frightful burning,
blistering and frying caused by all other
makes nf h*>lt» which have bare metal
electro^^n. Vordf^ris forms on the bare
4 metal. olcrtrodr's nn account of the ehem-
" !cal action of the current. Verdicrls Ir a
Sradly polpon and may cau«e blood 'poj-
V foninj? and pprhsps doath. My electrodes
rort me years of work and 5tudy and are
my rxclu«!ve patent. u?nd on no other
electrical appliance. My Bolt can bp re-
newed vhrn burned out for only 75c: no
Pther belt ran 1>» renewed for any price.
tnd Tvh*"n burncfl out is worthless. Guflr-
irteer] rne year. My Electrical Surpensory
Tor thp perfect r«re of weaknesses of men
'rfi* to every male patient.
Seme concerns try to imitate my Belt by
revering the bare m«*tal discs ¦with a thin
• reneerinjr of chamois or felt, thropKh
nhloh a current of electricity cannot pass,
iut through which verdigris will soak.
!f ron have brm hoaxed into pur-
rUnmlnfc ono of these and.it barns or
Si'im«t*. or frizes no enrrent, or tf
yon srr cfrwlrt of vcrdljjrrls, send It
lo me as balf payment for one of
n:lnr.
Write or <-&!l to-day. Begin treatment
nilh ray Belt row. Do not put It off till
;o-jnorrow. We do not live to-morrow. The
pan who manufactures/powder does not
»wn a ftfTipie minute of to-morrow. th»re-
jre reflect or delay in danperous. I havs
frittcn a book. "The Finding of the Foun-
ailn'of Eternal Youth." that will tell you
ill about it. I will mall it free, postpaid.
!or the a-klrsr. Consultation and advice
•ree. My patients' communic.tions and
illmcnts sacredly confidential. Sold only
ir, Bennett ii||
Corctr Kearsj and Post Street i.
entrance 47 Post * t . .^ Rooms S and 6.
sax rxiANasco. cau
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Anita Cream, is a medicinal preparation which not only re- JC
<§} moves tan and freckles/but eradicates blotches, liver patchss, pirn- £f
<^ pies and all discoloratioris of the skin. It is highly recommended §*
by physicians and dermatologists. " It contains nothing injurious
2 or unpleasant. c>
Anita Cream will - transform a muddy or weather-stained J&
complexion to its original transparency and clearness. X
(» Anita Cream actually "coaxes, a new skin" to the surface JT
by moving the outer cuticle in small dust-like particles without in- W
_j^ convenience. ' . . O
¦*£: Anita Cream can be had at all druj stores or direct from fe
2 us for 50c. ANITA CREAM AND TOILET CO.; 207 Franklin X
St., Los Angeles, Cal. - SL
HsEsHpHQliiil I %f "_r^_aTi iB !Kr_«_!tiL— 1 TcPs _»>_Fh ¦ 1_« «#_Tt_^ m B "^BWsaaESffiigSacllf-BP^^ _s_f
BimSBEw^^-^'*"' ** '• i^Eff>$ U **- '^J'ylM^SL v~"^^ftB_, £xB^t al-CTL-jii-c:lj? >^***1i > ' nB ¦ i» i*i __Jt!3ii_ 3 ¦ imHttItT _T*_^*___i«f*^»M n whfmf&ttP^^^~ cjl
OT_^^^§^rir\ I (fil^Ssi^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ y^y^ance to be Chappy'''' M
_Eh9I v/^^-^-^S^-^ -' ".'--'' -, . your pock 8t book FUZE! Zvj
|igffl| ?-^Xl^%V^, JjRliliiiiEliw^^ in Our CHALLENGE Corset Department. cOMBrN'ATTON' CARDCASE and M
Upgl \\iCf*2 •. . /». rtrtT^^^u.*., /XKolJgiHWpP** 1 "'^ , _ _ ha _ e s t y i e finish and price POCKETBOOK, made o" best leath- | } |
Wft' hjLm » -ff Tin5rfflH__^^^ • the? ha?? no equal er. all colors steel frame, hand |*I
W*H i!^r 1.1 i 11 S/lS-B* 8 *^ CORSETS FITTED by EXPERT sewed, not glued; in consequence |gg
ISfll ! ! (V , \ \ I \\\ ml^^ Fnn *hf* Great -orsft FITTERS will not come apart when used; £H
mffll I Mr I 1! 7 \1 *// tor the b^eat rORSET FITTERS. _ purs*, including g«rman sUver tal- |t|
Plfl jii,l/ k \. \ ij f \ II 0SI1ITA0V PftllQC THIN PEOPLE MADE Ual. at our Challenge 3al« gtjr M
llf W\\ I I // oABIIAni UAUot stout by our new „;•_;;« m
HI 'LJV \ // Why Not Wear a GOLF SKIRT, or the BUST PERFECTOR ! ,,,, T i mnnnH nmu 1
Wi /TV \l // NEW SHORT WALKING SKIRT? ANITA RIBBON BOWi
p3J ~ z Ht*ti$^^\i _// --¦-¦Brl.-. r._ _ _ _, c _ _ 4. raL." 1^ \<Sr new shades. You really pay mors fca
tiff, I III W '*^ / I Sj^l '"" COiniun - ' "jMSQL- J3_i * or on9 y* 13 than wo ask for two E j
all n (J |i| / U""j«*»ff^J anH PflQA ' y^w^^V /flV^%~. yards artistically bowed. Our 25c Wi
L*J* ll ft t\ u'l Jxflt-jrlft-l-^y^ ¦ A*^9jPt \\ t^ ¦'// fM '" | \\\ f* \9 111 _L tS II 111 s 1^?
fc* II i 1 II II 'I all I lA 3.11(1 C ll CC -C C fl rtpnlm *Wl l_1 M^B&uKfS^0^^iw9& _W'I Mm *\r iLL_l^\\ IIWIIUUIw _?'' f
fl 1*1 I J I* mm SI pleated back, bias gored Vy^\S^SQa &!^5iSsL/ 'tt^<*i BO » **? R^nowrv— &?t
»r5=&. H Department. Tlir OflllTUl CDIO k II UI _ D : &3xmws£S&'^ X^SSm^rZ- stftched back, of the very L*j
I ' I A niCOJ OniliUO > I ll t OUU I H ArniUAH WAH It Is designed to be worn over the \\\ V ft 1 "? fln d^: fcjjgf JX |f|
IJ^S' LAUIhO bUWNO. HAS MADE NO DIFFERENCE corse^but can b* worn without if g^ g, e S?bfi3St5oS t " II
1 Made of best soft bleached WITH US. It is made of best French sateen T___^ir pries "OC J^
W£\h fl muslin, yoke effect, with forty Our Price on FEATHER BOAS Is Even or m S . U T mm « r r, nettlng '««--,««-r»T-««c. rFUT* win nn ufpf as fmo hA
gM tucks- new sailor collar; cuffs /-_,». ta-- u / / TAILORS and DRESSMAKERS LtntJS WILL UU HtHt As tAH • 5;{
I J eewed. full width, all [lengths. Lower Than Heretofore. are delighted with it. as it enables AS DOLLARS ELSEWHERE! U\
m r>nf r'hniipneft nrica .... £R« ¦¦-?'_i_i__*> Our contract them to give their patrons a perfect _, j__«_ t «T-kTt-o» m u i'i»l» »t» ShI
S ->^ Out Challenge price |, 5c jpj^ Eastcrn nt and form . Note tnls cut and see jo dozen LADIES WHITE AP- £7J
B "'•' 5£S manufacturer the improvement. Within every- O / > °'^ a £? A °J goo $ i awn i nem™^ Hi
i CUSrt U/oifif OlnQrSnfY Cn 0 KSXt was made before body's reach. Our Chal- Cl OO ,rt.rth .mV* ti« nnr A°*
M SiliU WaiSt blfiSnng 0Ul8» MSfk h^cir^ood ldSliU lengePriCe Cha^e^price^f..^...^! 9C H
iH A ?St AU ° Ur ele " mffik\ - Ve are offer - AUGUST IS A DULL BUSINESS MONTH. Something for Our Native Daughters, Kj
1 .^SB^ v -i^ T L^ (S/ W W^ white" Roue skirt I
ll /mm^{ cffVfrfr^r in leng^nd an SS U^wfl! I Ani^' IINOPPSIf IRK For 29c PJ
feS >f^//7*^*W5/ ?I!« Fre «^i Chaiien fe e price...... $|2.50 " M a d« of best SKIRTS, made of GOOD PIQUK. f*|
I T-fTrf,^sV a 8l« LAVIDA! fr m?r^lzed° f ItaJl^ run w ld^ W|^ SEWE^ PER- ||
El 1 i?{V 1 1 .f*J an Viovo V>P*>n *^*"« _r__-rj-m« -\^ cloth, deep accor- ttu^.1 nanging. our cnai- JQp Hi
.fcS ' ¦-• */7 marked down *"• Queen of All Corsets! y k deon -pleated lengo price
M from $100 and $2.00. Will belQr BEAUTIFUL. and SHAPELY, if^K flounce, full length. UftTinUC TH
P* sold at our Challenge Sale for boned with genuine whalebone. The J/fc$j\ extra width; colors IlU NUtlUi »tl
Si , • most satisfactory corset, as they are /^ViHtitt bIue » cerl3 «« black. " ' gfj
ftS! Physicians Recommend the perfect fitting; new bias cut and rtStiJ&A 1 X v. red and rnignonette A S Used in Our Adtertixing. # ! J
R* . gored, made of best French sateen; y&Qrn&XXmiLi preen. Looks like __ ,, tt ,_ wnnn ttot rva vist Kh
_H MCU/ P fl UIAICTC it is an American corset for Ameri- ffisSJBSamB "H*. *ut ,,^ears b,^"^ 1 " V f °^° ™^ a . s .T fej
P NtW Ui Ui WAIolOi can people. We place this aga'.nst KsS3 %_^ fflff^ twice as well. Our «5O »< P c anc e. : It R EPREs EN TSt ha EJ
B5 iibii wi wi iimwiwi frroTir.h /.nroot for flt nnrt fniah Challenge Cl *ltl JUU-I-ION and one things so essen- _V3
Ed • • any rrencn corset ior 111 unn i.nian. ________ v>uiukusd r^l.^1 • t*_i tn tm^wjsxx a TrT~T>a --.^ 9^«
W% Neither waist nor corset, but a Our Challenge price CO RA E_3H^r Pfica >3I "* J hoi^ETOTS W
m combination of both. Just the thing J3J.OU HOUSEWIV^. CJ
i {tand d ?hr5eJ^Sfh25}^Srt?" • come tomorrow Rhilflrpn'^ Ffirrls -Waists fects 1 ?? 1^ 8 weTdi^&E^: m
m "Made of Eesfsfclll 0 enSrcloth 0 com: AND BE SURPRISED! UHIIUICII & TCI I Id HOIdlO. C^ecr NOTION3 for less than N
M ing In black or drab. Long life for - fl BIjACK CHANTILLY f»7 Mother Knows What They Are! ; S^t Enlllsh to^thbruih <£ f-i
m ! 1Ule m rw y - ° Ur Cha1 ' $1.00 LACE. y fr r om A wide: aU Made of best coutil, nicely corded. I^rq^i y sto^kln^dress shleldi'lo |l
E ie 5? K P TO SEE ? bUR BIAS-GORED ™w Patterns, all silk, fast black. with patent tape buttons, remova- Rubber drlss shields, nainsook cov- hi
H rr A r/?kw rrmwiN-AN FYE Among these are lacea that have ble elastic straps, fits like a vest. erefl • B
M Eorvvn a? %hl? «ti ru\ sold ai high as 75c a. yard-none for wiUi hose supporter attached: best Knitting silk, all colors 3c ball r"J
m S«h N SS^ $1.00 less than 25c a yard. Our Q c material and. workmanship. 5QX B , ack colore<s cube plns M
g lenge price ..;.j. .. Challenge price Our Challenge price *^vw cufe _ 7.... ......5c yU
m PRirFS Wi\ DOWN RUT ¦¦¦ ¦~~-^-- *^-^~~*~^ — -^ —^^.-^*^*^~ Hairpins, four packages Yn a'boiV... K]
mm PHILto WAt UUnn, BUI -_- "__"^__ ¦ "fl _#• ...40 box gvl
|J NOT SO WITH QUALITY! | MJ j^ £> «^ »-^ x^ M g*± A LiWe ning but an , mpor{ani Ong . ff\
RV< 5000 yards EXTRA HEAVY TAF- m. ¦ B MIL Mm H if _^% t~~^ g 13 M Ht_, I 3-*^ PTV«? nr- a nACM^It--- If -w« «-»-> "Ll
$U FETA RIBBON all silk, full 5 inches \JVJ\&' JL^. VT V_^ V^ i * KW A €£L ,£Jf™ %£"*£? \£* iSS™n M
Bb wide, coming In ail new pastel . < c -* mnrio Tt «hii nnt Ka-id nr*A v>o« - E^^i
I &KSI5 816 MARKET. STREET £E » Sfi £ I
H l^nie g price ...?!?."...^....-T..^ 20C EUNNING THROUGH TO 11 O'PARRELL ST. . Mail Orders SollOlted. Our Challenge price 10o paper gjThe decoration committee announces
that the most distinctive feature of the
decorations will be the entire absence of
anything in- the shape of flags, banners
or bunting strung low across the street at
any place. The headquarters banner now
stretched between the Palace Hotel and
the Crocker building is to be removed.
This will leave the street entirely open
and will absolutely do away with the
time-honored custom of giving the street
a backyard, washday, clothesline effect.
As a fitting accent to the simplicity of the
Dixie W. Thompson of Santa Barbara
will be in the parade mounted on a saddle
trimmed with silver and costing $3000.
Grand Marshal Costello has been noti
fied that the Swedish-American societies
will turn out. They promise to present
one of the attractive features of the pa
rade. At least 400 men will parade wear-
Ing white caps, white neckties, black
coats and wearing blue and yellow rib
bons. Two elaborate floats are to be In
cluded in the division. One float is to rep.
resent "Svea," guarded by soldiers In unU
form of the time of Charles XII. The
other float is to be representative of the
national costumes of Sweden and will call
into requisition the services of some flfty
ladies. A. O. Lundstrom will be marshal
of the division. Dr. Backman and K. A.
Lundstrom have been selected as aids.
In addition the societies will turn out
twenty-five men on horseback as a guard
to the main float.
Glen Ellen Parlor will contribute a
large number to the Native Sons' contin
gent. The parlors of Sonoma County will
have joint headquarters at the Windsor
Hotel.
D. D. Lowney has been chosen division
marshal and J. E. Martin aid to Grand
Marshal Costello from El. Dorado Parlor.
Thr ladies of Orinda Parlor of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West will
be In the parade in carriages, acting as
escort to El Dorado Parlor of the Native
Sons. The ladies will be attired in pink
organdie, trimmed with black velvet;
Gainsborough hats, trimmed with "pink
mousseline de sole and narrow black vel
vet, and wear black suede gloves. The
1900 committee of the parlor is composed
of I-ena Bee Mills, Tressa Mayer, Clara
Day, Laura Utschig, Emma Foley, Elsie
Boyd, H. Babcock, Hettie Burke, Hilda
A. Anderson and Dot Harbo. The ladles
will assist El Dorado Parlpr in entertain
ments and receptions to be given by the
membership.
BOOK AGENT
IS ACCUSED OF
BOLD SWINDLE
Charles N. Bowen Charged
by Police With Fraudu
lent Soliciting.
Detectives Say He Obtained Money
Subscriptions for Ostensible Pur
pose of Charitably Providing
a Burial Plat.
Charles N. Bowen, a book agent living
at 319 Mason street, is in ihe tanks at the
.. City Prison, as he is supposed to be the
. nian who has been soliciting money from
business men. with which to buy a fifteen
acre piat In Cypress Lawn Cemetery to
.accommodate the remains of indigent
primers and newspaper men who shuflle
eff This raortiJ coil. The police are waiting
to get one or two of his victims to Iden
tity him and swear to warrants for ob
. talnlng money by faltc pretenses.
A few days ago Bowcn called at Hen
eha.w. Bulkcley <£ C-j.'s, Fremont and Mis
. elon streets, a«k:ng for a subscription. It
was refused till inquiries could be m:ide.
lie called seain yt^terday morning, and
Sllitoa liu!k»-loy at once- tt-lephoned to the
Harbor police station. Policeman Gwinn
took Bcwen to police headquarters. The
prisoner had thrown away a list of sub
fccriptions which was afterward found. It
was as follows:
M. J. Keller Company, tlO; John A. Britton,
J10; J. V. Mnxwe.il. ti; T»ft <fc Pt-nncyer. ii;
W". F. Whuuer, *10; H. K. Huntington. Jlii,
Hay & Wright, ji,. ; v. xi. lletcalf, Jlu; Charles
K. Alto, IX*; V\. W. Montasnie * Co., $10;
A. B. Forbes. 110; \V. G. Stafford. J10; cash,
flO; cash. >ii; cash. JlO; cash. *5; John A.
Urttton, Ji:>; M. J. Keller, *lu; cash, J15; Kd
Coletr.an. Slu; cjtth, J5; Kobert Dollar, 510; A.
Kclilliir^ dc Co.. J10; A. B. Brayton Jr.. Jlo.
Tbe total is I"35.
When searched at the City Prison three
to gold pieces and eight $1 greenbacks
were found In Bowen's pockets. The
cashier cf Mosuague & Co. remembered
raying the Jit) subscribed by that firm, but
Le was not positive that iiowen was the
man to whom he paid it.
When Bowen was questioned by Captain
Eeymour Jie said that some printers had
employed him to collect money to buv the
plat, but he could not give any of their
Karaes. He denied that he had received
any money frexn the men on the list. '
In his room was found the following
peculiar letter in aa envelope:
WEDNESDAY, Aug. 15, 11 p. m.
Dear Mamma: 1 leel bo very strange that
I think I ara suing f> die to-night. Such pecu
liar sensation* pass before my eye* that I feel
transfixed. SI y dream of Mollie last night was
EomethinK awful, and I can plainly see the
eeene uwr again. 1 have before me some
strychnine tablets and whisky, but have not
us«-d to any extent, but I do wish I coula
fee you before anything should happen, but
we vrlil leave that to our just God and father.
CHARLEY.
The letter was in an envelope unsealed
end written on the envelope was, "In case
of serious telegraph my mother.
Mrs. R. Bowen, (^ Walnut avenue, Santa
Cruz, Cal."
President Gibb of the Typographical
Union called at poiice headquarters and
eaid he was almost satisfied 'that Bowen
¦was the man who sot money prior to the
last election by representing that he was
a collector for printers thrown out of jobs
throuph the introduction of machinery.
At that time he went under the name of
"Williams. He promised every assistance
of the union 5n prosecuting Bowen.
AN idea of what the parade will be
on the 10th of September may be
gathered from the fact that in ad
dition to the great division of the
Order of Native Sons of the Golden West
representing all sections of the State with
fourteen floats as far as heard from,
there will be in line the Ancient Order of
United Workmen, Ancient Order of For
esters, Order of Hermann's Sons, Im
proved Order of Red Men, State Floral
Society, Knights of Pythias, United An
cient Order of Druids.. Independent Or
der of Foresters, French colony and the
Swedish American Society, each with
floats, numbering in all as far as reported
eighteen; the Society of California Pio
neers, Veterans of the Mexican War, the
Old Friends, Independent Order B'nai
B'rith. Society of Golden Link's, San
Francisco Turn Verein, Scottish Thistle
Club, life-saving station crew, Horace
Mann School, Exempt Fire Company,
Sons of Exempts. Veteran Volunteer
Firemen's Association, Veterans of the
paid Fire Department, a delegation of the
paid Fire Department, Berkeley Fire De
partment. Petaluma Fire Department,
each with ancient or modern lire appa
ratus; the Naval Militia, with float:
United States marines, San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein, EIntracht Rifles, Veter
an Reserves, Veteran Volunteers, League
of the Cross Cadets, Second Brigade of
the National Guard and the Columbia
Boys' Club, a semi-military organization.
There are a number of other organiza
tions that have not yet given a decided
answer as to what part they will take in
the parade. The Improved Order of Red
Men will have several hundred men in
Indian costume. The float of the French
colony will be a magnificent affair. It
will be 17 by 9 feet, with California rep
resented by a young lady seated on a
dais, under a canopy. At the front of the
float will be two French Zouaves; in front
of California will be a figure to represent
the American Goddess of Liberty, with a
French woman to represent French cos
tumes in the period of colonial times, and
on the other side a figure of the French
Goddess of Liberty, with a woman at
tired in the costume of American colo
nial days. This will be decorated in a
t2Fteful manner and will be drawn by six
black horses.
"Watered the Milk.
John Costs., driver for the California
.Milk Producers' Association, charged
with mixing water with the milk in his
•wagon, was convicted by Judge Conlan
yesterday after arguments by counsel.
He was ordered to appear for sentence to
morrow. Another driver for the same
company, arrested at the same time as
Costa, was fined $150.
decorations there will, however, be sus
pended across the street at intervals of
•00 feet twelve large American flags at
least twenty feet long and at the height
of at least seventy-live feet.
' The executive council of finance fared
well yesterday, considering the few busi
ness hours, when the subscription commit
tee had opportunity for work. The re
turns, footed close to $1000. The various
committees will make a new start to
morrow, and members of the executive
council are hopeful that the entire cele
bration fund of $50,000 will be in hand be
fore the close of the week. Among liberal
subscriptions acknowledged yesterday
were the following:
San Francisco and San Mateo Railway Com
pany, First National Bank. Daniel Meyer,
Crocker-Wool worth Bank, $100 each: Royal
Eagle Distilleries Company. Blake, lloffatt &
Towne, Bonesteir & Co., A. Zellerbach '&
Sons, Britton & Rey. A. Flelshacker & Co.,
Mutual Label and Lithograph Company, A. I.
Hall & Son, M. Schussler & Co., Shreve. & Co.,
San Francisco Laundry Association, United
States Laundry Company, Castel Bros., Bank
of British Columbia, London and San Francisco
Bank. Ltd.. Charles L. Fair, $50 each.
Local Parlors have, certified to Grand
Marshal Costello the appointment of divi
sion marshals as follows: Mission— Delavan
B. Bowley; Precita— George A. Neumiller:
Alcatraz— A. K. Doggett; Sequoia— E. C.
Duveneck; " Dolores— Frank A. Brown;
Army and Navy— Thomas A. Kerrigan;
NIantic— J. *N. Ross; Alcalde— A. Ra
burgher; Marshall— P. Burlini; El Dorado
— D. JD. Lowney; Yerba Buena— Carlos
Henry; Stanford— Frank H. Kerrigan;
National— Herman Huber.
The Board of Public Works is co-op
erating with the grand marshal in an ef
fort to have the streets on the line of
march unobstructed and in first-class con
dition on the day of the parade. The
board has given instructions that the
streets be not sprinkled on that day.
Persons occupying the streets with build
ing materials will.be required to remove
the same before September 8. Xo one will
be allowed meanwhile to make excava
tions which can interfere in any way with
the plans of the parade committee.
The Golden .Gate life-saving station
through Superintendent Blakney, has
promised two interesting features for the
celebration. The sti tion will not only be
represented in the parade, but In addition
has agreed to furnish an apparatus drill
at the Golden Gate Park beach station
on Tuesday, September 11.
DIXIE W. THOMPSON, HIS HORSE AND THREE THOUSAND DOLLAR SADDLE, f
WHAT THERE WILL BE IN THE
BIG ADMISSION DAY PARADE
PAVERT CHARGES
ACCUSERS WITH
SHARP PRACTICE
Complains They Fraudulent
ly Withheld Profits Due
on Contracts.
Files Suit for an Accounting and to
Recover Balance He Claims
Stands in His
•¦'-;•• — — •
R. J. Pavert, who a few days ago was
arrested on a charge of embezzlement
preferred against him by the firm of Lyon
& Hoag, has renewed interest in his case
by in turn charging his accusers with
fraud. Pavert filed suit yesterday against
his accusers— George F. Lyon and E. L.
JfS2*~i < J r ,. an accounting and to recover
?1J71, which he alleges is lawfully due him,
true Information respecting other amounts
being, he clalma, fraudulently withheld
rrom him by the defendants. J. H. Kruse,
owing to the fact that he figures in tBe
case as assignee of Pavert of certain in
terests in contracts which resulted in the
present difficulty, is made a co-defendant.
Pavert alleges in his complaint that he
entered into contracts with Lyon & Hoag
under the provisions of which he erected
% houses on Ki«th avenue, between J
k V; l treets - An agreement was made
by which profits were to be equitably dis
tributed The houses were completed, he
saia, and in addition to his contract liabil
ity he put $845 extra work on the build
ings.:, After, their completion, he. alleges
Lyorr&.Hoag sold two of the buildings
for. the alleged prices of J2S50 and $2450.
Though all of the buildings were about the
same Pavert alleges that the other three
houses were sold for. $3150, $3050 and $3250
respectively. . - - »— ~v
. From the fact that the last three houses
brought larger prices than Lyon & Hoag
alleged they received for the ones sold by
them. Pavert infers that the houses sold
by them In fact brought prices far In ex
cess of the figures reported by them. He
alleges that they fraudulently concealed
the fact and retained the balance. Though
Lyon & Hoag claim that he has embez
zled funds belonging to them, Pavert al
leges that the true condition of affairs Is
the other way and that Lyon & Hoag are
Indebted to him in the sum named.
WILL ABATE MISSION i
CHANNEL NUISANCE
Boards of Supervisors, Public Works
and Health Will Take Joint
Action.
The Supervisors* Hospital and Health
Committee reported yesterday in favor
of joint action on the part of the Boards
of Supervisors, of Public Works and of
Health with regard to the unsanitary
condition of Mission Channel or Creek,
which Is used as an outlet for sewage.
A plan will be formulated for the prompt
abatement of the nuisance.
The committee also reported in favor of
the proposed ordinance prohibiting' the
use of unsanitary basements or cellars as
places of abode.
Will Play for Charity.
Kenneth McLeod, the well known come
dian and stage manager for the Cogill-
Cooper company, has volunteered his
services for the benefit to be tendered
next Tuesday evening by Ivy Chapter of
the Order of the Eastern Star . to the
widowed mother of the late George F
Moorehouse. On that occasion among
other features will be introduced the
comedietta, "A Case for Eviction," in
which Mr. McLeod will appear, supported
by the society favorite. Miss Hope
Mosher, and Miss Nettie Hynes.
lecture by B. Fay Mills.
Under the auspices of the Ethical Insti
tute, Benjamin Fay Mills will deliver the
third of his series of lectures on "Infidel
ity" at Metropolitan Hall to-night. The
subject will be "Who Are the Doubters?"
The lower hall will be reserved, but the
gallery will be free.
Witnesses in Quarantine.
The case of Owen Cunningham, a ped
dler, charged with grand larceny for steal
ing a valise containing $260 and a suit of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY' AUGUST 19, 1900.
SWEET SINGER OF
SCOTCH MELODIES
called in Judge Conlan's court yesterday.
His bondsmen told the Judge that they
had every rea"son to believe Calnan would
be captured within the next few days and
asked for a further continuance, The
Judge continued the case for two weeks.
The case of Timothy C. Calnan. ex-po
liceman and alleged horsethief, was again
Hope to Capture Calnan.
clothes belonging to H. Monsen, ex-cook
at the pesthouse. was dismissed by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday, as the witnesses for
the proecutlon were quarantined In the
pesthouse for an indefinite period. "War
rants are out for the arrest of George
Buddlck, nurse, and Frederick Callundan,
both - employed at the pesthouse, on the
same charge, but they cannot be served
for the same reason.
" .The Rev." Joseph C." SasIaT S.* J. , will de
liver a lecture on "The I Catholic ' Church
and : Mode'rh : Free Thought" at St. i Mary's
Cathedral on. Thursday. August 23. Tick
ets are $1, the proceeds to go to the Chil
dren's Day Homes. .
Lecture for. Children's Homes;
Special ; Corset Sale.
;. Another.' lot : of; travelers'^- samples . and
odd -? corsets, all colors and . sizes, value
from;75c Uo $4 507 wilHbe^ sold ifor ' half
price and less. : Also 100 dozen 75c "Coutil"
corsets— flve-hook,^. ' spoon . ; steel.- 4 silk
nossed— at 25c >; per ¦ pair. „ Chester F.
vv right, 6 Geary street, corner. Kearny. . •
At a meeting of the Fire Commissioners
yesterday It was reported that ' engine
house 6, on Sixth- street, near.- Folsom,"
had been vacated, and the company was
now located on Bryant street, between
Sixth and Seventh • streets, while the en
gine'house was being repaired.
Back pay amounting to $180 was allowed
Thomas : Hart, driver • of; engine 29, who
was bitten on the hand by a horse on June
10 last. .
Change in Engine House.
For the Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established In the Oak
land Ferry Depot (on the ground floor | in
the center of the building), where passen
gers can leave .' their " baggage checks,
thereby caving in the transfer, of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton- Special DelVvery, 403 Taylor st. and
650 Market st. . •
ONE of the most delightful; features
of the "Brownies" at the California
Is the singing of a San Francisco
girl, Miss lone MacLouth. Her plain
tive Scotch melodies, sung in a well modu
lated contralto voice, touch a responsive
chord In the hearts of her audience, and
generous applause never fails to greet her
"turn." Miss MacLouth is playing her
first engaemnt, but those who have seen
and hoard her predict a bright career for
her. She is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs
C. N. MacLouth of San Francisco. Her
mother's name will be gratefully recalled
by the volunteers in connection with
many graceful acts of hospitality.
come is a fight which may be to a finish
between the two sets of land claimants.
Defendants are commanded to show cause
why they should not be enjoined as lo
cators. The lands affected are in the
Kern River district. The answers must
be filed by the 27th inst. One order In
volves the west half of section 30, 28-28,
known as the Gray Eagle land. In this
order the Cosmos Kxploratlon Company
is the complainant and the following are
the defendants: Grey Eagle Oil Company,
Whittier & Green Oil Company, Mallory
Oil Company. Mount Diablo Oil, Mining
and Development Company and several
other individuals. The other order in
volves the east half of the southwest
quarter of section 4, 29-2S. In this one the
! complainant is the Pacific Land and Ino
i provement Company and the defendants
are the Eiwood Oil Company, the Bakers
field and Fresno Oil Company and nfhe
others.
The association of the Kern County oil
producers will be known as the Storage
Transportation Company. The plan is to
confine the membership to i»dlviduals.
firms and corporations having producing
oi'. wells. The stock will be pooled in the
hands of trustees during the life of. leases.
The purpose is to lease all oil land from
owners, according to the Los Angeles
Herald, and then to employe the owners
to develop the land, operate the wells and
deliver oil tb the Storage Transportation
Company. The payment for services will
be 90 per cent of the money received for
the oil so produced and sold. A mass
meeting will be held to consider the
scheme. The Herald furnishes the fol
lowing information: •
"Work Is being pushed and the result
will be known soon. The object , of ¦ the
combhe is not to raise " the price of oil,
but to give prices stability. Prices will
be maintained at a reasonable scale that
will demonstrate to consumers the econ- '
omy of using oil. It is proposed to store
from '600,000 to 1,000,000 barrels of oil above
ground, so that the extent and adequacy :
of the supply can be relied upon that from ,
anywhere from 1 to 100.000 barrel contracts
can be entered into."
Among the purchasers of Senator Bard's
Ojai ranch of 6000 acres in Ventura County,
are Herman Silver, Herman W. Hellman,
Robert N. Bulla, Charles H. Toll, John R.
Mathews. W. G. Hughes. L. H. Valentine,
George P. Adams, Thomas Hughes, G. \W
Griffith, \V. F. Burbank, Dr. W. L. Moore,
Dr. John R. Haynes, R. H. Herron.E. F.
C. Klokke, E. Strasburg. Major E. H.
Jones, W. G. Kerckhoff, Charles W. Gay,
E. Oilman, John Hughes, S. Xordling«r,
Liester Robinson, A. W. KInney, W. • H.
Perry, J. H. Braly, A. J. Crookshank, Abe
Haas, F. \V. Braun. W. H. Allen, O. P.
Clark and \V. W. Neuer. The price. paid
was $350,000. Senator Bard - takes one
seventh of the purchase price ? in ¦ stock.
A proposition to use the great volume of
gas from the wells in the Fullerton dis
trict . in Southern , California ; to generate
electricity is mooted. "An estimate has
been made, that 2.000.000 feet of gas comes
from the well of the Liberty Company,
and the International Company has des"
veloped a very large gas yield. At first
It was proposed to pipe the ¦ gas to Los
Angeles.
Judge Ross has issued orders which
have excited the oil men and "scrippers"
in the San Joaquin Valley, for the out-
Orders Issued by Judge Ross
Bring Opponents Into
the Arena.
Choice Tracts in the Kern River Dis
trict Are in 11 Dispute — Plan for
Organizing the Pro
ducers.
For Want of Funds the Third Brigade
Will Not Be Ordered Out for
Admission Day '
On the evening of Saturday, the 11th
lnst., Troop A, Captain Charles Jansen
commanding, left the Market street
armory and rode to the Oakland ferry,
taking the 9 o'clock boat for the other
Bide of the bay. The troops rodo from the
Point of disembarkation to Ayala Park
on Telegraph avenue, near Berkeley, and
when within a quarter: of a mile of that
Bite the commander entered upon practi
cal work as if in the field. The troop was
halted and scouts sent out; who' shortly
returned with the information that there
was a camp in sight with men on guard
at the picket line. This picket line was
composed of the advance ' of the troop
which had been sent over. to arrange the
camp. The order to. move on the camp
was given, but as the troop approached it
was met by a volley from the picket line
and ?, 5 fi L e was returned. This somewhat
startled the horses, but they- soon became
accustomed to the reports, and the ad
vancing troop moved on the camp and
captured it, after having gone through a
number of evolutions called for by the oc
casion. Within the camp the victors tcok
possession of rations and together with
tn e captured had a midnight supper. *¦ .-•
ine next morning, the routine of camp
duty was gone through with, the several
calls were sounded and there was a drill
lor two hours,* mounted* and dismounted,
including skirmish drill on a ten-acre
field, and practice .with carbine, revolver
and saber, a thousand rounds of ammu
nition were used on that occasion, and it j
* s to the credit of "the men that they all I
held their saddles 1 well. In the afternoon
the men were the guests of the -com
mander at his home near the park, where
they . enjoyed his hospitality. . : The troop
returned at 7 o'clock Sunday night and
told their new commander that in less
than twenty-four hours they • had learned
more or practical duty, than they had un
derstood in- theory in two years; preced
- It is definitely settled \ that the - Third
Brigade of the ; National | Guard will | not
take part in the parade I on September 10,
as there, is no certainty, that there will be
sufficient money, to warrant the appropria
tion required . to pay. for, the '¦ transporta
tion of 1400 men. Arrangements have been
made.i however, f by , which . the Fifth-In
fantry will come : to . this city, so ! that ' the
entire Second ' Brigade : will : be in ••• line,
i nere Is considerable disappointment" in.
the Guard that all: the troops of the State
cannot be here : to 'take part » in the cele
,,'During the week last past but little has
been done in the Guard other than to
P rc pare for the funeral of the late Col
onel Duboce, which is to take place to
day. ,'¦ •' ... "-.¦¦¦ .;¦.....• -, ¦¦.¦¦..¦
Companies C and G, ; the Nationals, went
on an outing : to . Fairfax yesterday. At
fcaiv Rafael they were -met by Company
D of the Fifth Infantry. -The three com
panies had an enjoyable day. <
Captures a Camp at Ayala,
Near Berkeley, After a
Fusillade.
TROOP A OF
CAVALRY MAKES
NIGHT ATTACK
30
BUTTLES OF OIL
LAND CLAIMANTS
DRAWING NEARER
MISS IONE MacLOUTH.
40% discount, on tailor-made suits to order; 30
days only; nt guarfd. R. Sldeman. 107 Hayes.*
Trapper's OU cures rheumatism' and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c nask. Richards '& Co.; 406 Clay.
• f\ m o I ¦ I ci ¦¦!* . ¦fnr q
* "• -^- V^ J JL JL ¦ *S4» JL ¦ JL Vi^ JL 4O%>
k id 2f 1 o v e
It is a glove that is superior to many and
equal to any $1.25 glove sold in. San Francisco.
Every pair is guaranteed and will be fitted if
L a d i e s ' T\i gh ts
We are. offering! a bargain. in ladies' ribbed
equestrian tights, rpade of maco cotton, in all
styles, ankle and knee length both open and
-closed; they come in ecru, white and black
.and will be sold at the extraordinanly low
j- Dries of
. ' I * O Y\ P C f" f TT
• JL t* |_/ V O L L y
Satin damask tapestry, 50 inches wide suit-
. able for cushion covers, chair and couch cover-
ings, mantle drapes, portieres and wall hang-
ings in all new designs and colorings at
;' . .; t)Ocayard
Derby tapestry; 5 o;inches wide of an excel-
; ". ¦ lent, quahty:;jn . a great variety of colors and
,designs, ; suitable;for all kinds of upholsterinp-
.and! decorative work, at 6
¦'"'-'¦' Y " ' » 1/ y. \TnrA
The above goods now on display, in our urindai
. ., 129 Kearny Street
This week we will show enormous
pantities of NEW GOODS In all our
departments, and call special atten-
tion to the following six lines.
7 cases BLACK imported dress FABRICS, In Figured
Poplins, Bpocatelles, Plerolas, Jacauards, Silk and
Wool Matlasse, Venetian Cashmere and Amazon
4 cases PRINTED FRENCH FLANNELS, In W&ltQ and
dark grounds, small anl medium dots, assorted
stripes, and small, large and medium figures.
2 cases LADIES' BLACK SILK SKIRTS, With corded
ruffles, Spanish flounces and accordion pleated, in
hoth Taffeta and Peau de Sole,
1 case LADIES' FEATHER SCARFS, In all the new shades
of grau, also natural and hlack, lengths 1, U, U and
2Dards. .
3 cases NEW.RIBBONS, in Satin Florentine, Brilliant
MerYellleux, Satin Llhertu, Ottoman and New
Weaves of Wash Rlhhons.
l case LADIES' neckwear, m Jahots, Ties, Scarfsj
also a large importation of NEW EMBROIDERIES, In
all widths, hoth edgings and Insertlngsi
il/OTP
Our customers In the interior are requested to
write for samples of our NEW FALL GOODS.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
We Are Selling
China
Crockery
Glassware
Silver Plated Wsre
Agateware
Jardinieres, Lamps
KitQhen Ware
at
Avsay Down Prices
CO3IS JUST TO SEE
Good Ttrae and Pince to Bay
i Urea Aeencai Imports Tea Go.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
CN212 Grant Ave. <B*t. Butter and Post)
Kl Market St. tOpp. PowelU.
140 Sixth St.
ZZ& Hayes St. Jig Third St.
N1S Polk St. t21 Montromeir At»
2S1S Mission St. TC5 Larkln St.
300C Sixteenth St. U19 Devlsadero St.
146 Ninth St. . 47S Haleht St.
200S Fillmope St. : 2285 MiESlon St.
C2 Market 8t. :;» 2«th St.
OAKLANt? STORES.
J0S3 WaEhinrton BL \ C16 E. 12th St.
1237 Broadway 11SS 23d Ave.
1510 Seventh rit. 1355 Park St.. Alameda-
B St.. near 4tti. San Rafael.
Prices lower than ever.
\ \^tA Jill/
: BDTTLlIIAT TkEJCllfltLERY'
&secfM//>eMe<//c3/£epdrf/77er7ts oftfie
U.S. ARMY SNAVY Service
vviluam Wolff & co
San fRANCisco. distributors.
Setron qf imitations or rtJMed Bottlts.
EBKEB /lEBSBaBHSHUBBJB
I Rikei* 1|
g Electric 1
| Vehicles 1
g 46 Fremont. 1
c I
BBBgBnBBEliaggaaiBBBlBtt
/v. a. c w.
g ar(J K. D. O. W. Embl«nat!c CarJ«. Q
Q All new and original de*1?na- 100 Card» O
P with your Name, Parlor and Residence <5
rt printed on. T&c. Send ror eamples. «
| THE GABRIEL PRIHTIK6.C0.. |
g <1* Sacramento etreet. San _ Francisco, o
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASH OR LITTLE AT A TIME.
% CO-CARTS
Arm the rag* nowadays. W» hav«
a magnificent Hoe at many prleas.
S3.SO TO $25.00
Bend S cents In stamoa tor poctar* cm -—
fornltur* cataloj.
The J. NOONSN
FURNITURE COMPANY (ha),
W17-1O23 MISSION STREET*
Opera Glasses
20 % Cut,
Including Lemalres. with and -without tinnffTf ¦
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Mft<n IX
OPTICIANS^^PHomiMT^
642 Market St. instrument*
UNDER CHRONICLE BUTIDIN&. CATALOGUE FRf £
EDR. WONO "WOO. Chines* Tea
and Herb Sanitarium. 7M-7M
Clay st., cor. Brenhara place,
San Francisco, CaL All diseases
cured exclusively by Chine**
herbs. Advice fre«. Hours. *
to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to •
'¦To^TvUom It May Concern:
This la to certify that I. tha
undersigned, have been tufferinsr from Chronio
Rheumatism for over three years, which finally
Brew so severe that about 7 months ago I was
utterly unable to walk. Alter trying everything.
wlthoOt receiving: the s 11^'" 1 "^k-rLT"**'
last induced to consult DR. WONG WOO. who,
after a seven-months' treatment, has now com-
pletely cured me of Rheumatism. GEORGE
SCHERER. 140 Landers street.
PALACE HOTEL
It is universally acknowledged that these-
hotels possess th* attributes that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and ser-rlc«
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
"DR.MCNULTY.
rimiS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD */
A Specialisteur«« Private. Nervous, and Blood I>ls- \
eases of. Men only. Book on 1'nvate Diseases and Jl
Weaknesses of Men. free. OverSOy'rs'Mperience. '
Patients co red.it Home. Terras reasonable. Honrs9
to3dally:&30 to 8:30 ev'gs. Snndars. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free an d sacredly confidently. Call.oraddxea»
P. UOSCOK aie.XUI.TY. M.l>.
26K Kearny St., San Francisco, CaLMRS. BKSSIE TRACY SMITH
WEEPIXGLY DENIES THAT
SHE FORGED THE FRAUDU
LENT WILL.
A majority of people, supposedly of more
experience than Miss Rattigan, would
have done so, but her self -suppression of
curiosity was admirable. She left tTie
inner envelope unopened and went post
haste to Mrs. Murray's attorneysr who
In turn were also discreet. They did not
unseal the letter until they were in fho
presence of the police. There is a promise
that If the matter Is presented to the
Grand Jury there will be some Interesting
developments. There Is nothing as yet,
however, to Indicate that the Grand Jury
FOUND WIFE HE WENT TO
GREET LYING IN DEATH
Court Seal 'Rock.
.'"'Court ; Seal vRock of/ the '. Foresters of
America ; will | celebrate its - five hundredth
consecutive meeting since its organization
as" a court byi a banquet , on ; Thursday
evening. ':
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. IS.— J. D. Grant oC
San Francisco is at the Plaza. W. N.
Hannigan of San Francisco is at the Hoff
man. ;
<=jr=3HE news of ' the death of Mrs.
Charles L. Patton, which occurred in
]1 Philadelphia on 'Friday, will comfe
as a shock to her, friends, throughout
the State.' Mrs. -Patton was ' staying with
the family of Georee E. Towne of ; the
Philadelphia : Record when * her • death oc
curred. .:--'.: -.;,—'¦•;.. 4-- .-• ;? V. ¦¦:„•¦, ' t- '.-.. ;.. . . '„-
A sad feature of -the case is that while
her husband^ Charles L. Patton, was , en
tering; the j Philadelphia 5 depot ; on<..the
overland in order i to ; meet his : wife . and
bring; her home 5 with* him to California
An Insolvent Switchman.
Roy.Giffofd, railroad switchman 'of Sac
ramento, filed a petition In Insolvency yes
terday, in; the . United States District
Court.*; '- He owes , $683 70 and he has $75
worth of assets.
Fighting: for Laundry : Girls.
,F. V. Meyers, Commissioner of the State
Bureau of Labor, has prepared a circular
for distribution condemning the treatment
of ; laundry employes. - The circular calls
particular attention to the long hours the
girls have' to work.
Selling Out Carpets and Rugs.
Rugs slightly damaged, <; 9x6,' are goinsr
at $2 75," worth $4 60; heavy matting 7^j
cents a yard;, carpets a /yard wide. <d
cents, at the'Art carpet shop. 22S Powell.*
Handball Entries at Ryan's.
Professor John Riordan of Phil Ryan's
court, S5S Howard street, has on his ac
cepted entry list for to-day quite a select
lot of the best local players In the city.
Among the novelties will be a French
game In which four players who under
stand the Gallic rules will participate. The
entries are:
J. Klrby and J. Foley vs. D. Regan and M.
Kirby; D. J. She*han and J. R. Bockman »s.
E. MeDonoiiirtj and E. Lynch; O. B. Hay ward
and \V. Fisher vs. P. Ryan and W. H. Sle
fcerst; A. McVlcker and J. Condon vs. T.
I .each anil T. Foley; G. McDonald and NV Foll
don vs. M. McNeil and P. McKlnnon; T. Serres
and J.' Broyer vs. R. Regli and J. ¦ Glynn: J.
Karlow and VV. Magulre vs. J. Rlordan and K.
Cm ley: French same. F. Tihlsta and M.
Ellclhe vs. J. Erramuspl and L. Jarue; A.
Hampton and J. Collins vs. M. J. Ktlsallon
and J. White.
Fell irom a Porch.
James Rlordan, a carpenter, fell from
a porch on which he was " working at 17
Sumner street yesterday afternoon and
sustained a dislocation of the left arm. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where the injured member was dressed.
Will Be Married Wednesday.
The marriage of Miss Irma S. Roth
child,; daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. M.
Rothchild, 1700 Broadway, to Louis A.
Konn of Chicago; will take place on Wed
nesday at half-past 6 o'clock, at the fam
ily residence. The wedding will be strict
ly a family affair, owing to a recent be
reavement.. The young couple will make
their , future home in Chicago. ¦
Are Opposed to the Poll Tax.
The most important business transacted
by the Federation of Mission Improve
ment Clubs at its meeting 1 last night was
the appointing of a committee on legisla
tion , with the sole object of pledging the
candidates for the State Senate and As
sembly to introduce an amendment to the
constitution abolishing the State polltax.
The committee consists of Max Popper,
W. J. Cuthbertson, Dr. E. N. Torello, At
torneys C. F. Kimball and Major B. Mc-
Kinnle.- Gray Brothers' rock crushing
works at Douglass and Clipper streets
was '.condemned and a committee consist-
Ing of Major B. McKInnle, Joseph P. Tuo
hey, Chris Strader, C. F. Kimball and F.
Gardiner was appointed to appear befora
the. Supervisors , to-morrow and urge the
board to reject " the recommendation of
the /street committee favorably to the
continuance of the crusher.
¦ With military and Masonic honors tho
remains of Colonel Victor D. Duboce will
be buried to-day In the National Cemetery
at the Presidio. At the head of the pro
cession the First Infantry, N. G. C, band,
dressed In khaki as when It triumphantly
returned from the Philippines, will march.
The First Infantry will also be in khaki.
Once more together in the garb of war
the late comrades of Colonel Duboce will
pass along Van Ness avenue and out
Lombard street, but the music heard will
be a dirge.
At 10:30, o'clock this forenoon the Firs*
Infantry, N. G. C, will escort the" body
from the First Regiment armory to Me
chanics' Pavilion.' 1 There the.' funeral ser
vices .will take place at- 11 o'clock, con
ducted by California Lodge No. 1, F. and
A. M:, under the direction of H. P. Umb
sen. \V. M. The platform upon which the
speakers will stand is at the west end of
tr.e ¦ Pavilon. The casket will rest on a
catafalque directly In front of the stage.
' The pallbearers will be ranged on either
side- of the casket. They . have been se
lected as. follows: California Lodge No.
1. F. and A. M., Frank Dalton and G.'E.
Dow; California Chapter, Harry Baer, H.
J.: Owens; Golden Gate Commandery.- K.
T., Charles L. Field, George D. Clark:
Governor's staff— Lieutenant Colonel J.
R. Howell, Lieutenant Colonel Herbert
Choynski: division staff. N. G. C— Colonel
William D. McCarthy, Lieutenant Colonel
J J.'Dwyer; Second Brigade ' staff. N. G.
C.— Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Burgln," Lieu
tenant Colonel J. F. -'Hanson; Veteran
Guard — George . R. Sanderson, Major
George W. Reid; to represent the family,
Procession of Masonic Fraternity
and Soldiers Will March as an
Escort to" National
Cemetery.
Funeral Services Will Take
Place To-Day in the
Pavilion.
LAST HONORS TO
THE MEMORY OF
COLONEL DUBOCE
Colonel George Burdlck. C. S. Benedict-
Supervisors. lHajor Boston and Richarf
Tobin, Senator George C. Perkins. Con
gressman Julius Kahn, J. C. Campbell
t^^ 11^ cl ? se °* the Masonic services.
?V D ,V will make an address in
behalf of Golden Gate Commandery K.
T. The funeral oration will be delivered
by General W. H. L. Barnes. During tho
services California Lodge No. 1. F. and
A. M., will be seated in front of and at
the right of the stage, and Golden Gato
Commandery, K. T., directly opposite, a*
the left of the stage. The First Infantrvl
N. G. C.. will occupy seats directly back
of the Masonic fraternity.
The procession will have but one band
that of the First Infantry, N. G. C. Tha
various bodies in line will be arranged In
the order previously reported, the Fifth
Infantry.N. G C. having the right of the
line. At tho National Cemetery the Ma
sonic burial service will be completed
Volleys will be fired over the open crave
by the military.
Fair Estate Finances.
The seventh account of the executors
of the will of the late James O. Fair was
filed yesterday. The account covers the
period from November 17, lS99,to May 18,
1900, and shows that the receipts amount
ed to $260,934 76 and the disbursements to
$209.926 05.
.. -- - *
she was lying cold in death. ,
Mrs. Patton went East in the latter
part of -May on the advice of her physi
cian. A short time ago news came that
she was in splendid health and wished to
return to California. At the same time
she complained greatly of the heat and
to this cause her friends are inclined to
ascribe her death. Being apprised of his
wife's wish Mr. Patton went to.Philadel
phia to bring her home. The news of her
death was the first greetingj he received.
Mrs. Patton was a native : of New Or
leans, 35. years old, and. an exceedingly
beautiful woman. She was married twelve
years ago. The Pattons.had no children,
but Mrs. - Patton leaves a sister. Miss
Grace. Bawer, who resided at the Patton
home, 2500 Broadway. ,
and Mr. Bryan would have an Impossible
task in explaining why.
"There is one thing to do, and It will be
done by the man of sense— that is to work
hard and vote for the Republican ticket,
to the end that the enemies of prosperity
may be defeated. .
"My trip to the coast was for the pleas
ure of my family and self, and I am nappy
to say that it was satisfactory. It has
been declared that I went to Alaska to
investigate the situation in an official ca
pacity, but this is untrue. I went to the
north as an excursionist and had a de
lightful time, with the exception of the
hardships and Impositions I saw practiced
on American n-.iners on American terri
tory. Secretary of State Hay Is anything
but an American, and he has committed
an act for which he will be called to Ac
count in the next Congress. Fifty-seven
years ago the United States bought from
Russia certain territory in the north, and
that territory has been held and protected
by our Government for more than a half
century. The boundary line is, marked by
a church and a monument at one point
and it made me Indignant to see that the
British flag had driven out the Stars and
Stripes from a highly valuable stretch of
territory. This Is the assinine work of
Mr. Hay In agreeing to the temporary Una
of boundary- The American policy, which
is well fixed, is to never give up a foot
of land that has been honorably obtained
and thi3 policy should most certainly be"
followed in Alaska.
"It is anything but a pleasant experience
to have American miners come to on©
with tears in their eyes and show where
they were ruined by the fact that the pro
tection of the flag had been taken from
them and they had been placed under the
dominion of the Britisher. There is no
excuse for the situation In the Northwest
and the matter will most certainly re
ceive serious attention in the next Con
gress.
, "When one comes to change the subject
and speak of the charms of San Francis
co, as to Its beauty and magnificence of
climate. language fails. I have been here
but a few hours, but I am seriously think
ing of going back to Illinois, selling out
my holdings and coming here to spend the
remainder of my days. You have a great
city and that city has a mighty future.
By these tokens we should all vote) for
takes the affair seriously.
The presence of Thomas T. Townsend
in the case Is also exciting a great deal
of curiosity. As the divorced husband of
Mrs. Townsend he has no standing and is
pleading, therefore, that there, were some
irregularities in the divorce proceedings
between him' and his wife by which the
validity of the decree was destroyed. It
is said that for twenty years after he and
his wife separated he had no knowledge
of his wife's whereabouts and actually be
lieved her to be dead. He knew nothing
of a divorce, it is claimed, and on that
ground will insist that at her death Mrs.
Townsend was legally his wife.
There Is little question, however, that
his subsequent marriages will seriously in
jure this contenti.fi. as in making these
marriages Townsend, in the eyes of the
law, presupposed and had a right to pre
suppose that be was legally free from his
first . wife. His appearance in the case
adds, however, another complication and
gives promise of some sensational disclos
ures. A prize of more than half a million
dollars is well worth fighting for, even if
the contestant wins only a part of it.
Mrs. Bessie Smith, suspected by Attor
neys Sullivan & Sullivan of having full
knowledge or the preparation of the al
leged forged will that so suddenly invad
ed the Townsend case, Is aimlessly seek
ing vindication. : Mrs. Smith made a hys
terical visit at Judge Dunne's chambers
yesterdaV morning, accompanied'by J. O.
Harron. Mrs. Smith entered the cham
bers. Her companion introduced her, then
stepped aside. "I went to seo Sullivan &
Sullivan," she said, "and they treated me
like a criminal; told me about the Grand
Jury and other things. I am innocent of
the* charge that I forged this will pre
sented In. court yesterday."
"No charge has been made against you
to my knowledge, madam," answered
Judge Dunne.
"The newspapers say so," said she ex
citedly^ "My good name has been, ruined.
The world believes me a forger, but I am
innocent."
Here Mrs. Smith became hysterical, but
on Judge Dunne assuring h'er that If her
statement was correct she had nothing to
fear she dried her eyes and said that she
wanted to be subpenaed to appear In
court. .
As she was leaving the court - William
Hiestcr. on behalf of Sullivan, & Sullivan,
served her with a cubpena. $:¦¦¦"¦
"I shall be on hand^ you may be as
sured." she paid, and 'with Mr. -Harron
left the building. \ "V - -
"There is no excuse for making a
change now; but the Democrats are
thirsty for power and spoils and they will
put up a good fight, unless all signs fail.
We of the East depend upon the Pacific
Coast to send us a solid delegation, and
it appears to me that they will deliver the
goods. On this occasion, however, every
Republican should vote, whether his- vote
is supposed to be needed or not. Our rail
road and manufacturing securities are
now in good demand on a gold basis, but
they are largely held in Europe, where the
Investor is very sensitive. In the event
of Bryan's election on the silver platform
of the last convention the majority of
these holders would order their holdings
sold for what they would bring in the
open market It would be absolutely im
possible for our buyers to protect the
stock and the inevitable crash would come
¦."Republicans should remember that this*
Is a great /political year," said he, "and
It Is particularly one In which there should
be no chances taken. They should be sure
that they are registered and they should
go to the polls and vote. That is all that
is necessary to put Mr. Bryan and his
party on the same toboggan they rode
upon in the previous campaign. However,
there is the possibility of being overconfi
dent. The battleground of this campaign
is In the States of New York, Indiana, Il
linois and Michigan. The people of the
United States, in the midst of the pros
perity that now blesses the country, do
not want a chairg-e of administration; they
do not want any 16 to 1 proposition with
the certainty that It will bring them dis
aster in a business way and paralyze in
dustries generally.
WHERE do I think Bryan will get
off at this coming election? Well,
if the Republicans exercise or
dinary care and go to the polls
as they should Mr. Bryan will get off at
the same station he did in 1896," said United
States Senator "William E. Mason of Il
linois at the Occidental Hotel last night.
Senator Mason arrived In the city yester
day from the north. He went to Alaska
with his family for an outing and Intends
to see something of California before re
turning home. He Is a genial man and
thoroughly posted on the political situa
tion, of which he talked freely. . '
Says There Is No Doubt Bryan Can Be Defeated
if Republicans Will Register and
Vote on Election Day.
He Considers the Alaska Boiaedary
Arrangement a Raek Out
rage on Americans.
SENATOR MASON
ARRAIGNS HAY
Pages 31 to 40
I/adies' Kid .Ties 25c a ¦ Pair
To-morrow I will sell 1000 pairs ladles'
kid ties that are worth $1 to $1 50 for only
25 cents a pair. Come around and get a
pair or two at the assignee sale of shoes,
775 Market street, near Fourth. •• P.- C. Kel
ly, assignee, •
MEMORIAL SERVICES FOR
WILLIAM LIEBKNECHT
Socialists Do Honor to the Name of
One Who Was Prominent in ¦"•/'.
Their Banks.
Memorial services ' were held at the
Turk-street Temple last night for William
Llebknecht, deceased, late of Berlin, who
in life was a prominent socialist.
The .rostrum was appropriately decor
ated for the occasion and the attendance
was large. The services were interesting.
Remarks were made by Chairman. Cam
eron H. King and others, after which the
following resolutions were adopted:
"Whereas, By the death of William
Licbknecht of Berlin, the socialist move
ment of the world has lost one of its
noblest and ablest champions; and where
as, his efforts in behalf of the oppressed
proletariat were not confined to his native
country, but were impartially exerted for
the of all worklngmen in
all countries; be it therefore
"Resolved, That we socialist working
men of San Francisco hereby express our
sorrow at the loss of • our great German
comrade; and be it further * .
"Resolved, That we pledge ourselves
anew to the support of that international
solidarity of our class which furnished
the motive of our comrade's long, useful
and illustrious career." . ¦
A copy of these resolutions was ordered
forwarded to the family of the deceased
in Berlin. . '^fi88KPaManS9B
"died In Philadelphia, ' Pa.. October 2S.
1S&6. At the time of his death he was a
resident of San Francisco, leaving estate
therein of the vaJue of $2,0Q0,<Kk). The de
cedent left surviving him neither wife,
father, mother, brother, sister nor
nephew, and but one niece, the petitioner.
Laura. E. Tracy- Jacob Z. Davis never
had a. Bister a_r»d but one brother, John
Davis, the petitioner's father. Jacob Z.
Davis and John Davis were full brothers,
being the sons of James Davis, a native
of Philadelphia- John Davis was born.
September 11. 1S15, and Jacob Z. Davis
was born May 2, 1S18. John Dav's died
January 17, 1^93, and left surviving him
the petitioner, his other children all hav
ing died in infancy. Jacob Z. Davis died
entirely without issue, hence the peti
tioner is nearest and only next of kin and
sole heir at law of Jacob Z. Davis.
"John Davis and Jacob Z. Davis were
left orphans in early infancy. The de
cedent, Jacob Z. Davis, was named by his
father, William Davis, and at or about
the time of his father's death was taken
into the family of Catherine Z. Dedaker
and brought up by her as her own child.
Catherine Dedaker changed decedent's
name from William Davis to Jacob Zieg
ler Dedaker, by which name he was
known during a portion of his boyhood.
Between the years of 1S30 and 1S35 he dis
covered the true name of his father and
abandoned the surname of Dedaker and
assumed that of his father. He retained
the given names Jacob Ziegler, however,
and until his death was known as Jacob
Z. Davis."
George W. Monteith is preparing for
the opposition he is cure to meet when
the hearing of his contest is called by
Judge Coffcy. The law that stands in the
v.-ay of an Immediate hearing of his con
test is contained in three sections- of the
Code of Civil Procedure. They bar the
right of a claimant to an estate who does
I not appear within a year after the.ad
j mission of the will to probate, even
though the claimant has been defrauded
and has had no notice of the probate pro
ceedings or knowledge of the commission
of the fraud. In civil actions the statute
of limitations does not commence to run
until after the discovery of the fraud.
The theory upon which the probate
statute of limitations is based is to pre
vent litigations over estates of the dead
and to concentrate all controversies at
law in as short a space of time as possible,
that as much of the estate aa possible
may be preserved for the heirs, and that
in the end those adjudged lawful claim
ants may enjoy the quiet possession of
their Inheritance without constant fear of
ouster.
Attorney Montieth contends that these
statutes by protecting 1 possible fraud
after a stated period has elapsed operate
to deprive lawful claimants of property
without due process of law and- in viola
tion of the constitution— the highest law
in the land.
3IRS. LATJRA E. TRACY.
JACOB Z. DAVIS* last will, the
strar.g-e holographic instrument that
once successfully withstood the as
sault of dis&atlsfled heirs, must
bear the brur.t of another legal battle.
Sirs. Laura E. Tracy, who claims to be
the niece and the only surviving blood
relative of the dead millionaire, has ar
rived in San Francisco and instituted pro
ceedings to break the wilL Mrs. Tracy
charges that it is a forgery. This charge
has once been refuted by Belle Curtis and
Lizzie Muir. who under the terms of the
disputed testament have long since come
into possession of the vast estate of the
deceased.
In addition to the difficulty of proving
the will a forgery, aa effort which proved
unavailing to Catherine Stead and Joseph
P. Wilson, the first contestants. Mrs.
Tracy is confronted with the diSicult
problem of obtaining a standing in court.
Many months more than a year have
passed since the Davis estate was dis
tributed to Belle Curtis and Lizzie Muir.
itnd years have gone by. since the will
was admitted to probate. Under the stat
utes Mrs. Tracy is barred, but her attor-
George \V. Monteith. says the techni
calities of practice will avail his client,
and he will win his point even though it
may be before the Supreme Court of the
United States.
While the legal battle was being waged
In the local courts over the testament
which Belie Curtis and Lizzie Muir allege
was found in the mortuary urn covered by
the ashes of the millionaire's wife, Mrs.
Tracy was living quietly in Hawaii, un
mindful of the contest and without knowl
edge of her uncle's death. When she
learned of the facts she immediately came
to this city to press her claim. She was
Advised that she had slept too long on her
rights and that her chance was gone.
(Jeorge W. Monteith. after looking into
. her case, however, was convinced that if
fraud was committed, which he is con
fident was the case, be could obtain a
standing in -court for hie client. Mrs.
Tracy then proved to the satisfaction of
her attorney that she was in fact the only
surviving heir of the deceased, and he bZM
in conseyueace set the wheels of contest
in motion.
.. In her complaint Mrs. Tracy alleges
that she Is a daughter of John Davis, a
brother of the dead capitalist. Her al
legations of conspiracy, traud and forgery
are then set torth in detail. Belle Curtis,
Lizzie Muir, John *-V. Curtis, husband of
Uelle Curtis, and Michael Ryan, who
swore he found the disputed will in the
mortuary urn, are charged with con
epirwey to secure possession of the $2,000,-
O'/j estate of the deceased by means of a
forged will and perjured testimony. This
was made possible, it is alleged, by the
death of Jacob Z. Davis' wife, as a will
of latent date than that under which her
nieces. Belle Curtis and Lizzie Muir, se
cured'the estate, which bequeathed" the
estate to Mrs. Davis, became inoperative
through lack of any person to take pos>
ecssion under its provisions. The de
ceased, it is claimed, had no knowledge
/cf the existence of Mre. Tracy. Many
f | • ars ago the brothers separated and lost
•track of each other. Jacob long believed
tna.1 John was dt ad and of his family he
Sinew nothing. Mrs. Tracy also believed
fc«r father's brother had been dead for
many years and it was not until the lat
ter part of 1££3 that she learned that hij
passing was of recent years and that he
left behind him a fortune. Continuing the
complaint sets forth the charges of for
gery and conspiracy.
••The conspirators." it reads, "after get
ting together certain instruments that had
been executed by the deceased, procured
a piece of paper, commonly known a*
foolscap, and after laying the same over
various writings traced. Imitated and sim
ulated the handwriting of the deceased
and completed the forged will that wac
accepted as genuine. Many of the trac
ings when compared with the exemplars
us<*d for the purpose of completing the
forgery are in exactly the same propor
tion and situation therein as in the genu
ine codicil attached to the inoperative |
will bequeathing decedent's estaro to hi.* j
wife. The signature on the forged will as I
a whole conforms accurately to the same
In the genuine codicil, so far as conforma
tion, proportion, size and measurement
go- dUTcrent, however, only in f=uch minor J
detail as would ordinarily occur in trac
ing. and the signature of the forged will
showing upon examination under a mag
nifying glass all of the characteristics of I
a tracing and none of the characteristics !
th«t manifest themselves in the genuine
el/n.ature on the codicil." !
'jP-.at portion of the complaint which
tfaees Mrs. Tracy's kinship to the de- !
ceased is the interesting portion of the
document.
"Jacob Z. Davis," the complaint reads.
THE Townsend case promises to be
enlivened with a series of sensations
before the estate of the dead woman
passes out of the hands of the Pro
bate Court. It Is safe to say tliat the
mysterious will, which was produced in
court by the attorneys for Mrs. Klla F.
Murray, represents only the opening skir
mish of a legal campaign which will be
replete with scandal. This strange testa
ment, which all the attorneys in the case
except Sullivan & Sullivan look upon as
a joke, was the theme yesterday of con
siderable serious discussion. Everybody in
the case is striving to discover whence
this strange document came and what
motive prompted its interjection into the
controversy.
Nobody except the attorneys for Mrs.
Ella F. Murray thinks for a moment that
Mrs. Bessie- Tracy Smith had anything
whatever to do with the will, which ap
pears to be spurious on its face. Mrs.
Smith could have had absolutely no sane
reason for writing the clumsy affair In the
first place or of sending it in the second,
and no one in the case Is yet ready to ac
cuse Mrs. Smith of insanity. If spe had
been prompted by any selfish motive and
hoped to deceive the daughter of Mrs.
Townsend it is argued that she would have
made some provision in the document for
herself. * • •
Xone of the other parties in interest in
the case could have had a motive in writ
ing the will, as its provisions are^J-ust
what Mrs. Murray demands, and no mo
tive of deception could have succeeded, as
Miss Nellie Rattigan. to whom the docu
ment was mailed, was with Mrs. Town
send on July 19, day and night, and knew
that the old woman did not write such a
Ion?, clumsy testament, or, as a matter
cf fact, any at" all. Further than this,
Miss Rattigan knew that no Mrs. M. Bell,
who appears to be a myth, or any other
woman was with Mrs. Townsend on July
19 without the knowledge of Miss Rattl
gan. No motive of self-interest or of de
ception on the part of the opponents of
Mis. Murray could have prompted the
fabrication of the forgery. And still every
body is guessing who could have commit
ted the crime and why.
Miss Rattigan is being commended for
her exceptional discretion in the matter.
"When she received the letter addressed to
her, opened It and found what purported
to be the will of Mrs. Townsend, a natu
ral impulse would have been to open the
inner envelope and Inspect its contents.
Comes From Hawaii to Wage Contest Against
Those Enjoying the Fortune Left by the
Bead Capitalist.
Laura E. Tracy, an Alleged Niece,
Charges Devisees With Forg
ing the WML
ANOTHER CLAIMANT
TO DAVIS' MILLIONS
Pages 31 to 40
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,' AUGUST 19, 1900.
~ — • —
She Appears Weeping
to Judge Duo me for
Vindication.
Q u eeir. Do ciameet
Has Created a'
I Fiaror.
MYSTERY STILL CLINGS TO
THE FORGED TOWNSEND WILL
Mrs. Bessie Smith
Demies C!h surge
*
Everybody in the Case
Trying to Discover
Its- O-rlgln.
TJ. S. SENATOR WTLT.TAM E. MASON.
THEOLATE MBS. CHARLES L. PATTON.TEAM FIELDING.
Sacramento Wins.
Runs responsible . for — Whalen 2. Two-base
hit — Hughes. , First base on errors— Stockton 1
Sacramento 4. Left on bases— Stockton 11," Sac
ramento 8.' Bases on balls— Stockton 4, Sacra
mento 2. . Struck out— By Whalen 3, by Doyle
8. Hit by pitcher— McCarthy. - Passed balls-4
Pace 1,; Stanley 2.. (Pyne ran for . Courtney.
Hughes ran for Pitt). .Time of game— 2:05. Um
pire— Dcnohue. , Of flcial scorer— Harlin. !
Totals S9 6 8 0 27 10 ' 1
RUNS AND ' HITS ; BT INNINGS.
Stockton ............... ..0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— 1
Bare hits ." 0-.1 0 1.1 .0 0 O'l I
Sacramento ..; .V.';.0-0 10 00 0 4 1 8
Base hits ...;.. :..0»0'..l 1 1 0 0 4 l— s
: SUMMARY.
.JV " AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B
McLaujchlln, 1. f..... 6 ; 1 1 0 0 0 0
Devereaux, 3b ..5 l: 2 0 10 0
Kagan, s. 8 .4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Hughes, c. f., lb.... 4 1 .1 0 7 0 1
Dennie, c. f .....31 1 0 2 00
Hanlon, lb 2 0 0 0 4 0 0
Stanley,^ c. .......... 4 1 1 0 10 f 0 0
Doyle, p......; 4 1 10 2 6*0
Ptultr, 2b 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Pitt. r. f.. 4. .0 1 0 1 0. 0
STOCKTON, Aug., 18.— For seven in
nings Stockton played j Sacramento . to a
standstill, - but in the eighth Hughes
opened with a two-bagger and three more
Senators found Whalen for hits. It was a
game full of excitement, though a slowly
played one. Score:
STOCKTON.
„ „ ' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
MCLarty, 1, r 4 0 1 3 8 0 l
McGucken, c. f .. 8 0 0 0 1 1 1
Pace, c 3 0 0 0 4 2 0
Strelb, lb... .......... 3 0 0 0 9 0 1
l*yrie, r. f .....A .00 0 1 0 0
Babbitt, s. s.........*8 1 11 8 7 2
Moore, 3b... 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
Courtney, 2bi.. ...... 4 0 1 06 11
Whalen, P....Y..V.... 4 0 10 0 2 0
Totals ..32 1 4 4 *2« 14 *8
•Dennle out for batting out of turn. >
SACRAMENTO ' .
Forgan Wins.
. CHICAGO. Aug. 18— D. B. Forgan, the
"Western amateur golf .champion, won the
Onwentslacup at the, Onwentsia links to
day bya 1 score i; of '173.' [William Walter
won the Lake Forest cup and second place
in the Onwentsia cup,. with a score of ITS
the one score applying in the competition
for both cups. ' Mr. Forgan was barred in
the competition for, the Lake Forest cup
the 1 contest being j limited - to those who
have not , played golf in * this country for
more than six years.- William McCawley
won the driving contest, scoring 197 yards
The play to-day closed the annual tourna
ment at Onwentgia, ¦
There are 30 large » oyster-packing ."es
tablishments in Norfolk, Va., and It, la
estimated . that ; they: handle, 2,500,000 bush
els annually, representing, a va,lue of
CHICAGO. Aug. IS.— in the senior stake
at Harlein to-day The Unknown opened
at 6 to 1. and juit at pose time there vras
a rush to ppt down on him. Big money
was« scattered all over the ring and his
price was cut to 5 to 1 and in many books
all bets wore r^fusfd. Before the rush
rainc on Stcr «'harnbor had b*en backed
from S to 5 to 13 to in, but The Unknown
Shut Up, a Heavy Favorite,
Easily Beaten by
Peaches.
THE UNKNOWN
CAPTURES SENIOR
STAKE AT HARLEM
won with little trouble, coming with a
strong rush at the finish.
Seven good two-year-olds faced the bar
rier in the third at half a mile, and Shut
Up was played as though It was only an
exercise gallop for him. However, the
winner was Peaches, who ran an excel
lent race. Results:
Six an«l a half furlonps— Pear* won, Jim W
gecrnd. Olekma third. Time, 1:23.
Elx furlongs— Onoto won. Chicopee second^
Tyrha thir<J. Time, 1:24 4-5.
Half a mile — Peaches won. Shut Up second.
Glove thirf. Time. :64.
Mile and an eighth. Senior stakes— The Un
knrwn won. Dissolute second, Owensboro third.
Time. 2:n; 4-5.
Eix furlongs — Irish Jewel win. Oxnard sec
ond. Barney F third. Time, 1:21 3-5.
Six furlong?— Hertnoso won, John Baker eec
end, Etta thirl Time. 1:20 1-5.
One mile — Obsidian won, M.0I0 second. Hand
press third. Time. 1:51.
8T. LOUIS. Aug. 18.— Two favorites and
four well-played second choices were suc
cessful at the Fair Grounds to-day. In
the fourth race Eugenie S, ridden by E.
Matthews, while- lea<*ing the Held of
horses near the eighth pole, stumbled and
fell, throwing the boy heavily. He was
not severely hurt. Summary:
Mile and three-sixteenths— Governor Boyd
won. Kitty Clyde second. Sallle Lamar third.
Tim*. 2:03H-
Two and an eighth miles— Sir Holla won.
Rouge et Xolr second. Time, 3:40. Two start
ers.
Mi> and sevent;.- yards — Eleanor Holmes won,
Prlnre Real second. Belle Bimpson third. Time
1M7H-
Mile and a sixteenth— Pinochle won, Gotnbed
second. Lady Callahan third. Time, 1:43%.
Six furlonps — W. J. Baker won. Lasso sec
ond. TriadltEa third. Time. 1:13%.
Six and a half furlonrn. selling— Lord Neville
won. Grantor second. The Light third. Time,
l:21li.
Six and a half .furlongs, selling— Kindred
won, ll«nry of Frantsamar second, Bon Aqua
third. Time. 1:22£. .
DETROIT. Aug. 18.— Results at Wind
sor: . ..
furlongs, selling— JIarie Polo won. Lake
Fonso rtrcor.d. Momentum third. Time, 3:14'/i.
Four and a half furlon*&— Syncopated Sandy
iron. Erema second. Pine Chip third. Time,
:MV4. : ¦ -^. •-• - .-. -•- .- -
Mile and a quarter— Outburst won. Fannie
Taylor second. Miss Soak third. ., Time, 2:09.
Seven furlnnes— Expelled won; Beguile sec
ond, Benckan third. Time. 1:27»4.
Steeplechase, phort course— Nicholas won. Zu
fallig second, Mavourneen third. Time. 2:53%.
One mile, selling— Olive Order won, Bequeath
second, Demonthenee third. Time, 1:42.
SARATOGA. N. Y., Aug. 1?.— The fields
proved too large for Starter Caldwell's
patience to-day and he failed. to get the
horees off on even terms In the first and
fourth races. The steeplechase handicap
over the Jons course was the most inter
esting race of th« day, and for the, first
two mlleB the field kept in close order and
it looked like anybody's. race. The last
time around, however, Brazil, on Trillion,
let put a few wraps and he led down the
back stretch by half a dozen lengths.
Cousin Je« was sent in hot pursuit of
him, but taking the last obstacle in faulty
fashion fell. Mr. Smith, who was riding
hU own horse, George Keene, and was
close behind at the time, was forced to
pull up and his mount s tumbling, threw
Smith over his head. This left Trillion in
front by a good margin and although for
a time it looked as though Wood Pigeon
would catch him, the latter. was too tired
and gave up the battle. Trillion winning
handily by six lengths, with Wood Pigeon
ten lengths In front of. ths -•¦ Bachelor.
Monahan, who rode Cousin Jess, fractured
his collar-bone. -Results:
Five and a half furlones — Tlie Jade 'won,
Scotch Bufh tecond, Fhilma Paxton third.
Time, 1:1114.
Selling, seven furlongs— Specific won. High
Jinks second. Tourney third. Time, 1:31.
Handicap, mile and three-sixte«>nths — Gonfa
lon won. Favonius second, David Garrick third.
Time. 2:03H-
Five furlongs, selling— Hylo won, Boomerack
second, Tuscarora third. Time, 1:04.
Ttu? Saratoga, steeplechase, handicap. JIS'K),
full course, about two and a half miles—Tril
lion won, Wood Pigeon second, The Bachelor
third. Time, 4:161,4.
DETROIT. Aug. 18.— Results ¦ at High
land Park:
Six furlongs— Eackben won, Lottie Bneville
eecond. Ice Drop third. Time, l:l5Vi-
Five and a half furlonea, selling;— Lizzie A
won. Rose Bird second. Amoroso third. Time,
1:OSU.
One mile— Bellpunch won, Ennomia second.
Free Lsnce third. Time. l:4<Hfc.
Five furlongs — Militant won. Compass eecond
Toad Rainey third. Time, l:01H.
Six furlongs— Sprtngwells won, Sweet Capo
ral second, Cherry Head third. Time, 1:14.
Six and a half furlongs— Left Bower won.
Quaver second, George H. Ketcham third.
Time, 1:21H. - -
Four and a half furlongs— Tempt won, Gles
seg second, Antithesis third. Time, :56.
KELIiY BRIGGS THE WINNER.
CHICO, Aug. 18.— The fifth and last
day's racing of the Third District Agri
cultural Fair drew the largest crowd of
the week. Many came to Eee the f\X
class pacing, while hundreds of local peo
ple were present to witness the buggy*
horse races, the entries all being local
horses, owned by prominent citizens.
The 2:11 class pacing race was won by
Kelly Brlggs, who took the three last
heats of the four-heat race. Myrtha
Whip won second money, while Floracita
was distanced. --.---.
P. W. Hodge's Hazel Kinney, the only
one to show of the four entries in the 2-12
class trot, was sent out for one heat. She
trotted in 2:17 and was awarded her en
trance money and $20 of the money for
feited by the owners who failed to start
their horses. The buggy-horse race was
won by G. L. Barham's Nellie «Blv. W J
O'Connor's Brownie second, O. j.vCox's
Fitz W third and D. I. Waltz's Frank H
fourth. The summary-:
. Pacing, 2:11 clans, purse $S00: >
Kelly BrUcgs (Hoy). \.\ i i
Myrtha. Whip (Hellman) ; \ 222
Floracita (Judd) ....3d
Time, ¦ 2:11. 2:10^. 2:12, 2:12.
Trotting, 2:12 class, purse $400:
Hazel Klnney (Hodges) ;. , # . Walkover
Buggy horse race, puree $300: ~\'.j
Nellie Bly (Barham) .".;...¦....». J 1 1 i
Brownie (O'Connor) ................;;.:. i * 4-2
Fitz W (Cox) J 4 23
Frank H (Waltz) ....................... 4 jj 4
Time, 3:00, 3:00, 2 :£3, 2:47.
Seven-eighths of a mile, running, purse $100—
Loconomo won," Roulftte Wheel second." McFar
land third. Time. l:27»i. .
¦ Flve-elghthB of a mile, running, purse JIOO—
Fine Shot won. Jeesle O second, Skirmish
third.. Time, 1:02.
Good Trotting Record.
LANCASTER, Pa., Aug. 18.— Charles
Mullen of this city to-day drove his pair
of trotters. ' Prince and • Genora,- over > the
Rothsvillo , track in 2 :19,-i breaking - the
world's •• recprd for a double team oh • a
half-mile track of 2:21 s /4, made in' 1S99 at
Waverly, ; N. J., by Maryland Boy ¦¦-¦ and
Cleoris. _
Facial Dispatch to The Call.
VAXCOT.-VER. B. C, Aug. 18.— Robert
N. Johnston, champion oarsman of
:hp Pacific Coast, defeated John L.
Hackett of Seattle this evening In
a three-mile race with turn, for a
purse of J1000. It was a hot race all
through, in which physical condition and
magnificent ftccring won the day for the
Vancouver oarsman.
The men caught the water together
when the starter's gun was fired, amid
the cheers of a crowd of at least 12.000
fteopie. They cut a merry clip, Johnston
rolling thiitv-=ix Ftrckes to the minute in
the nrpt half-mile and the Seattle man
thirty-five. He If way down the course
Hackett nearly collided with a cable barge
and lost at least two lengths. Then Hack
ett straightened away and went after
Johnston, rowing at least forty-one
strokes to the minute. He literally lifted
his frail shell out of the water, and the
little craft phot forward under his power
ful strokes with the speed of a frightened
deer. Ten yards from the turning buoy
the Seattle man was again on even terms
with his rival. Both made beautiful turns
and set out for home, pulling thirty-six to
the minute and apparently not a hair's
breadth between them. Less than a quar
ter of a mil** had been covered when John-
Fton commenced to gain, and although
Hackett did his utmost to cut down the
small load, Johnston j>till held his advan
tage. Then came the time when the lead
increased and Hackett realized a losing
game when half way back over the course.
Johnston rowed clean without a splash.
STILL ANOTHER
VICTORY ADDED
TO HANK'S LIST
Dudes Found Fitzpatrick,
but They Were Full
of Errors.
San Franclscos 5, Oaklands 4.
Hank Harris, if there is any piety in bl3
heart, should offer a sacrifice to Dame
.Fortune for her gift bestowed upon him
yesterday afternoon at Recreation
grounds. Fireman Fitz was on the slab
•working the curve generator. Until the
eighth inning things were not polluted by
poisonous baseball, but then ! Fitz was
solved and five hits In succession sent as
many shafts of pain Into Hank. He
wreaked vengeance by putting Iburg In
the box then and there. * The five hits tied
the score.
What Oakland did by hitting San Fran
cisco was secured by the errors of her
opponents. In the fourth inning, when the
daub charm over- the right cheekbone of
each of Hank's stickers began to work
its spell, the Dudes went to pieces, and by
a combination of errors and a single hit
San Francisco scored three runs. "Brew
er" Pabst and "John L." were sent to the
packs on errors, a hit. by ancient Rubo
and extra errors by the Oakland infield
before the inning was over scored Pabst,
Sullivan and Krug. In the fifth Schwartz,
whose running was done by Levy and
Krug in relays, was accredited with a run.
In the seventh came the tie, which re
sulted in Fireman Fitz being put out.
Held hit and Moskiman hit. So did Dren
nan and Hutchlnson and Francks. scoring
four men before the side was retired.
The tie was shattered in the eighth,
when Heine Krug covered the plate, after
reaching the first sack on a hit and third
on Rellly's double. What Bent him home
to victory was an error of Arrellanes,
who threw badly to the plate on a hit by
Brockhoff. The score:
• OAKLAND. >i
. AB. R. BH. SB." PO. A. E.
Drennan, o. t........ 6 1 V 0 » 0 1
Lanpe. 8b..... 5 0 113 1 1
Hutcb.inson.lb.. 5 12 0 7 0 0
Francks. s. a 5 0 2 0 3 10 4
Arrellanes, 2b.:...... 4 0 2 0 2 1 2
Mangerina, c 8. 0 0 0 6 1 0
Bowman, 1. f 3 0 1 0 10 0
Held, r. f....... 4 1 2 0 1 0 0
MoBkircan, p ..4 12 1, 0 0-0
Totals .......35 4 13 2 24 IS . 8
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. c. ........ 5 0 0 110 0
Hlldebrand. r. f..... 4 0 2 1 10 0
Schwartz. 2b... 4 .1 10 3 2 0
Pabst. lb.. 1 0 0 12 0 1
Sullivan, c. -.4 "10 0 5 3 0
Iyevy.l. f ...4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Kruf, s. s :.... 4 21 0 5'5 0
Rellly, 3b...... .4 0 2 112 0
Fitzpatrick. p......'.. 2 0 1-0 0,4 0
Iburg p "... 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals... ....83 5 8 » 27 18 1
RUNS AND HITS -BY INNINGS.
Oakland ...00 00 004 0 0—4
Base hits.... ...... .....1 2 0 0 0 2 6 3 0—13
San Francisco...... ......0 0 0 3 1 0 0 1 •— 5
Base hits.... .:.... .....1,0 2 10 11 2 »- 8
SUMMARY..
Runs responsible for— Fitzpatrick 4, Moskiman
1. Two-base hits— Drennan, Held, , Rellly. Sac
rifice bits— Mangerlna, Fitzpatrick. Pabst. First
base - on t errors— San • Francisco 6, Oakland 1.
First . base on - called . balls — San Francisco 0,
Oakland 1. Left on bases— Ban Francisco 7,
Oakland 6: . Struck out— By Fitzpatrick 2, by
Moskiman 3. Time *of game— 2:10. Umpire —
O' Connell. Official ; scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
WINNER OF THE RACE AND THE CHAMPION, WHOM HE CHAI^-
LENGES.
while Hackett labored perceptibly.
Three hundred yards from the finish
Johnston made his linal effort and crossed
the line eight lengths ahead. Time, 20M6.
Hackett declares that Johnston has
vastly Improved since their last race.
Johnston will challenge Gaudaur, the
present world's champion, at once, and it
is expected his challenge will be turned
over to Ten Eyck, the American oarsman.
The race to-day was practically a
world's championship event Jake Gau
daur, champion of tho world, who has
held the proud title since he won it from
Hanlan ten years ago, has qalt the busi
ness. He has bought a hotel in one of the
American pleasure lesorta on Lake Supe
rior and will row no more races. Gaudaur
is now 46 years old, and yet it is doubtful
If any of tho younper men could defeat
him for the next half dozen years. He has
signified his intention of handing over the
championship either to the winner of to
day's race or to Ten Eyck, the American
crack, whom he thinks Is one of the best
oarsmen in the business. He recently
watched him at Detroit and- there said
that it was either that man or one of .the
Western boys that would receive -the
championship from him.
Of the two men who rowed here to-day
one is a Canadian and the other an Amer
ican. Robert N. Johnston is a native of
St. Stephen, N. B., 28 years of age. At
one time he was a fast mile runner and a
sprinter of 6orae ability. He took up row
ing ten years ago and gave the back wash
to every prominent amateur in the coun
try. Two years ago his most notable
race was with Dr. McDowell of Saratoga,
and In two heats he won from him. Med
als and trophies soon lost their- value to
Johnston and he yearned to enter the
professional ranks and go after big game
and Incidentally big money. He met with
a fair amount of success, but a Jonah ac
companied the Vancouver man in nearly
every race. His boat woulH either strike
a piece of driftwood or some part of his
anatomy would go wrong, and It was al
ways the other fellow who won. He rowed
against Jake Gaudaur a year and a half
ago in Vancouver harbor for the world's
championship, but at that time proved no
match for the big man from Rat Portqge.
who won easily. Then Johnston went up
against John L. Hackett, who met him
to-day, and was again a loser. His
friends claimed that he had not been
properly trained, was too heavy, was
poorly boated and was forced to sit in his
shell half an hour before the race in a
biting wind. This year Johnston got dewn
to hard work and was in splendid shape
to-day.
John L. Hackett eo closely resembles
Gaudaur in stature and build that he
iniarht be thp champion's brother. He has
been rowing about < fifteen years, and
pul'.ed against all the fast men on tho
continent/ Lately he has lived in Seattle,
where he istan athletic favorite;
Beautiful Race From Start to Finish, in Which the Champion
of the Pacific Coast Demonstrates His Superioritn, and
Will Now Challenge the Great Gauilaur. ( '
OARSMAN JOHNSTON EASILY DEFEATS
HACKETT OF SEATTLE AT VANCOUVER
Lowers the Record.
CLEVELAXD. Aug. 18.— Ananias, at the
matinee of the Gentlemen's Driving Club
to-day, again lowered the amateur recorJ^
for pacing to a wagon. Last Saturday r.:^[
established the record of 2:06*4 and to-day
he knocked off half a second from it. He
was driven by his owner. C. F. Emery,
and had a running mate. The trotter.
John M. McKerron. who made the three
year-old record of 2:1214 two years ago.
made his first appearance on the track to
day since that time. He was driven a milo
In 2:09*i to-day by h's owner. Harry K.
Devereaux. After this performance Mr.
Devereaux was offered $15,000 for tho
horse, but refused It.;; r
OAKLAND, Aug. IS.— The funeral of
General John Heuston, who died suddenly
yesterday at his home near Mills College,
will be held to-morrow | afternoon at 2
o'clock from the Church of the Advent.
East Oakland. The remains will be in
terred at Mountain View Cemetery.
General Heuston's Funeral.
The rundown of the big 128-dog open
stake at Union Park yesterday was re
plete with, good coursing. Favorites more
than held their own, allowing the short
ends to pain only an occasional decision.
Reve de Amour, the Pasha Kennels* re
cent Importation, made an excellent show
ing against Deckelman's Kanaka. She
took to the game In fine style and by her
clever work gained a host of admirers.
Lopez's Sara lost the flag In a bye with
Bowery Boy by her indifferent work.
Bowery Boy had been beaten badly by
Sara'8 kennel mate Pepita earlier in the
day. Going against a fresh dog with this
handicap he was forced on the short end
at 3*£ to 1, but he was fast enough to
keep her out of the going and won as he
pleased.
Mayflower beat Imported Temple In a
clever go. Her chances in the stake are
good, though she is underweight.
Sir Pasha exhibited more speed than any
of the entries and is well favored for the
final. Royal Flush had a close shave with
Scottish Chief. As a rule he shows his
poorest form »n his first go and Improves
as he gets down the stake.
Palo Alto had speed enough against
Lady Davenport, but played off the game,
a dangerous habit which might lose a
course for him at any time.
Whitehead, Flying Fox and Mac's Mel
ody are In good position to reach well
down on the card.
Rocker since he has been in the hands of
Trainer Mulcaster has shown considerable
speed, and at his present gait is a factor
In the stake.
The winners in the second round look to
be Pepita, Sweet Emma, Tea Rose. Pa
triot, Mayflower, Brutus, Whitehead,
Maud 8, Re-Annex, P.ying Fox. Sleety
Mist, Auckland, Sylvanus, Jennie Wilson.
Royal Flush, Battleship, Miss Penman,
Flora McDonald, Wild Tralee, Royal
Union. Rocker, Palo Alto, Sir Pasha, Mas
ter Claire, Theron, High Born Lady,
Crawford Braes, Rural Artist, Snapshot.
Julius Caesar, Herschel's Pride and Mac's
Melody.*^«*si86S5Q l '. i r»3*<3*-3Ss
The day's results follow, with Judge
John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, first round— E. M. Kelloss's Iowa
Boy beat Captain Cane's Wandering: Tom, 4-3;
R. K. de B. Lopez's Pepita beat George Shar
man's Bowery Boy, 3-2; E.-M. Kellogg's Sweet
Emma beat George Sheridan's Forest Queen.
8-3; O. Nethercott's Floodgate beat A. L. Aus
tin's Los Angeles, 8-3: T. Tierney's Tea Rose
beat Pasha Kennels' Rapid Addition, 12-0; Cur
tis & Sons' Candelarta beat J. H. Periso's Con
troller, 7-5; F. A. McComb's Patriot beat Cur
tis & Sons' Old Glory, 6-0: Lowe & Thompson's
Scotch Reel beat Erwln & Lyons' Silver Lyon.
8-2; Lowe * Thompson's Prince Hal beat Cur
tis & Sons' War Eagle. 5-3; J. Sutton's May
flower beat L. F. Bartels' Temple, 19-4; J. P.
Thrift's Brutus beat Curtis & Sons' Narcissus,
6-4; Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold beat L. F.
Bartels' Beer Brewer, 3-2; Curtis & Sons' Mc-
Kinley beat George Parkinson's Ben Lomond,
5-3; R. K. de B. Lopez's Whitehead beat James
Sheridan's Forest King-, 8-0: Curtis & Sons"
Maud S beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Crawford
Rex, 5-0; R. E. de B. Lopez's Sara a bye: B.
Silver's Reannex beat P. Johnson's Golden Rus
set. 5-4; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Victor Boy
beat W. J. Browning's Mountain Belle. 16-10;
F. A. McComb's Motto beat P. J. Reilly'<*
Ploujhboy, 7-3; Curtis & Sons' Flying Fox beat
Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara. 6-4: Walsh & Hee
nan's Sacramento Boy beat Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Magic, 3S-1; Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist beat P. McCabe's Craij Boy. 10-3: J. Car
roll's Auckland beat A. Johnson's Lowlander,
7-8: Sterl * Knowles' OHta beat Aeneid Ken
nels' Aeneas, 12-2; Lande & Gerber's Mount Ida
beat Erwin & Lyons' Silver Wings, 6-4; J. R.
Smith's Sylvanus beat A. L. Austin's Firm
Foe 12-4: J.R. Smith's Jennie Wilaon beat
Pasha Kennels' Recording, Angel. 11-8; W.
Creamer's Onward beat A. Johnson's Bald
Eagle, 8-6; J. Sutton's Master Lawrence- b*at
Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon, 4-0; F. A. Me-
Comb's Royal Flush beat J. Holden's Scottish
Chief, S-": Cut Us & Sons' Anchor beat J. J.
Edmonds* Morning Glory. 4-3; J. Byrnes' Bat
tleship beat E. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy. 4-2;
It. - F. Bartels' Best Bargain beat Jeff Marte
nett's Slim.' 6-S: Captain Cane's Miss Penman
beat Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured, 6-2; Pasha
Kennels' Rev* de Amour beat H. A. Deckel
roan's Kanaka. 9-5: Lowe & Thompson's Flora
McDonald beat Pasha , Kennels' May Hemp
stead 5-8: G. W. Helnti's High Jinks beat W.
Creamer's Jesse Moore, 3-1: T. J. Cronin's Wild
TraJee beat P. Bropby'a Benlda Boy, J-3;*P.-
Does Some Clever Coursing
in the First Round at
Union Park.
SIR PASHA IS
IN SHAPE FOR
STAKE HONORS
J. Rellly's Royal Union beat Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Rcsle Claire, 4-0; R. E. do B. Lopez's
Crawford Lad beat E. Geary's America, 10-4;
II. A. Deck el man's Rocker beat Pasha Ken
nels' Reckless Archer, 12-1 ; Pasha Kennels"
Rollicking Airs beat W. C. Glasson's SlelgJi
Bells, 8-1; Pasha Kennels' Royal Anna beat
J. P. Thrift's St. Michael. «-3; E. Geary's
Palo Alto beat J. H. Perlgrj's Lady Davenport
(-4: F. A. McComb'a Sir Pasha a. by*-. P. X
Rellly's The Grafter beat P. Brophy** Lord
Hastings. 14-8; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Maa
ter Claire beat W. C. Badger's AJameda Lad,
10-0: R. L. Taylor's Moso b*at N. Bergs' Beau
Peep. 8-3: H. A. Deckelman's Lftwivnca beat
J. Horn'B Bona Fide, 4-0; George "Whitney's
Thercn beat D. Toland's Pleasant Girt, 4-1;
J. L. Ross' J L R beat J. L O'Brien's States
man. 4-2; D. E. Wiley' » Hlirh Born Lady beat
Pasha's Kennel Round About. S-3: C. B.
Charlesworth's Crawford Braes beat J. II. "W.
Muller-s Cruiser, 10-2: T. J. Cronln'a Vandal
beat M. Dillon's Challenger. 5-3; D. Winders'
Random Aim beat J. P. Thrift's Forsret. «-.">;
Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat T. Cooney's
Modesty. 8-3: J. Potter's Palmflower beat J.
Mailer's Swedish, 8-4: H. A. Deckelman's
Snapshot beat P. McCabe's Fair Llltle, 4-1;
Captain Cane's Master Davenport beat J. R.
Smith's Victor Queen, 8-4: Russell. Allen &
'Wilson's Julius Caesar beat F. Schou's King's
Borderer, 10-4: J. Sutton's Ilerschel's Prlda
1 beat W. C. Glasson'B Santonin. 5-3; II. Lynch' 9
Lexington beat E. M. Kello<jr's Hummer, 3-2;
Connell Brothers' Kt. Helen beat J. H. Peri
«ro's Pennesrant. 4-2: T. W. Bartels' Mae's
Melody beat Jeff Martenett's Bill Fo3ter, 1-2.
Out on ths beach McGrath drills his
man morning and afternoon and the pupil
shows the Instruction in daily improve
ment. Although new to the fistic business
he I3 a hard worker and a willing one.
He will give a good performance when he
steps Into the Woodward Pavilion ring
next Thursday evening.
Besides this meeting of middle-weights
Tommy Cox and Toby Irwln will go a
preliminary of twenty roundi.
bag and labors away under the guidance
of Tim McGrath, whose protege the Los
Angeles fighter is in matters fistic.
Murphy seems to be In prime shape.
He has recently changed his position. Imi
tating the crouching style made popular
by Champion Jeffries, who In turn adopt
ed the change under the teaching of Tom
my Ryan. It is said that Murphy has
much Improved of late, handling himself
with more ease and assurance.
c=pMM, MURPHY and Jim Trimble, the
middle-weights who are to box be
¦ II <fore the Columbia Athletic Club on
August 23, are now In active training
at their respective quarters. Murphy has
been doing his work In and about San Ra
fael, working off his adipose on the coun
try roads and In the San Rafael Athletic
Club gymnasium. Trimble Is at the Tav
ern on the beach, where he punches the
Official baseball averages have been pre
pared by J. "YV. Stapleton. scorer for the
California League. They are up to date
and cover, every feature of baseball work
for the first half of the season. A new
table, original with Stapleton, is the con
secutive' series of games * lost, won and
tied. (The tables tell their own stories:
The followins Is a table of games won and
lost, showing- the result of the games In their
proper bcheduled order. W represents a game
won. L. a game lost ondT a tie guns.
SAN FRANCISCO.
¦¦ L W L V* L. \V L ti Will UTLWLLW
L W W W W W L L W I. L L L W L W
W W-"W W W W X, I. W W W.W I* W W
w— Won 17, lest J4 tied 1. ,
OAKUIXD. J *
W L XV L W W L L L L W T W L W W L L
L. L L W T.W t, W W L W I> .W. L L. L W L
L. \V L. L L L. L W L. L, W L. W L. L— Won 19,
lost 30, tied 2. -
STOCKTON 1 .
JV'WL W L WAV L W WLLLWL L ,W
VT W W L, L. L, L \V L W L W L. W L W L. L.
L. L W L, \V W L.W W L W L. L. Lr— Won 23,
lost 26, tied 0. . ¦- t -
¦ SACRAMENTO. ' ':
¦LLWLW.LL W W W W W XV W L W W
L, W W W W L T L, L, W L, W W W W W W
W I. L, W W W L L L L W L W W—
Won 30. lost 19.' tied 1.
Tim Murphy and Jim Trimble Are Putting on the Last Touches
fop Their Match Before the Columbia Athletic Club
Next ThupsclaB.
Official; Tables for Fielding,
Batting and Errors U
Prepared •
Every Feature of the Game Is Ex
ploited in the Lists for the
. First Half of the ¦',•'-
Season.
LEAGUE TEAMS
ARE AVERAGED
BY TH E SCORER
AMBITIOUS MIDDLEWEIGHTS WILL
STRIVE HARD FOR FISTIC RENOWN
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,' AUGUST 19, 1900.
TAISLK OP" ERRORS PER GAME.
32
FIGHTERS WHO WILL BOX BEFORE THE COLUMBIA CLUB.
GAMES PLATED WITH
f.1
g
f I
\9
! £
3
a
I]
Mi
i : : :
No errors 2 2| 0 B 9
One error 17 10| 13 6 36
Two errors >., 10 ? 11} 9 3?
Three errora Tl 3 11 S 35
Fcur errors 8} 11 6 10 34
Five errors I 7 31 5 4 19
Six errors 4 3| 3 3 13
Seven errors : [ 6| 2| 1 1 10
Bisrht rrrors ; | 1| 2 0 2 5
Ten errors , ( 0! 1 0 1 2
Twelve errors '. I 0| 0 0 1 1
i ;
Total errors | l lS9il70J138 171*668
Total games j £2| Slf 49 5O|202
Average errors per club ;*r game: Thre*
and a third. t , --,
CLUB.
3 "I I 3
;. ¦? i = s
Stockton !
Oakland
Sacramento
San Francisco
j 4!>:K3S 643I13S .933
Elll3S»'«S5 170 .S>24
. 5njl317i643 171 .920
. 52)1362 701 189 .916
BJ
CLUB.
3
¦
¦ i
> 73 rs ot s
B ? * -t S
ji • M a 3
: • 5 s »
•i :# ? ,8 f
; ; a ;
San Francisco 52|1Tj«{:74 434 87 .243
Sacramento 50| 1696 261 402 160 .231
Oakland'..' 61 17471208 411 115 .'S-i
gtockton 4&|1657|193 3g4 151 .213
Battlnc averaeeii. runs, stolen bases, home
runs. -trlnl<»5>. doubles and pacriflca hits made
by players participating In ten or more games
up to August IS, 19W:
O HIS S * KHO
X <t a » c 3 Ccr
? " : « s ° 3 ?
• » : s « R : ?
names. : r : « g g : :•
j ?i : :?•"::
McGucken .... 12 52 6 IS - 1 0 2 1
Hutchlnson. .. 44 1<>S 32 53 10, 2 2 11
McHale 13 64 9 17 7 0 0 3
Schwartz 50 194 35 60 0 1 3 8
Pace 49 188 27 6S 20 0 3 9
Devereaux ... 45 149 43 45 34 2 1 S
Karon 50 1R6 42 54 18 6 2 11
Hlldebrand .. D2 1*3 36 65 18 0 1 13
Krug 47 187 34 53 5 3 2 9
Pabft 3$ 14S 22 42 10 2 1 9
Brockhoff ..... .50 19S 38 56 14 0 6 7
Borchers Ifi 51 3 14 2 0 1 51
Sullivan 33 125 22 34 S 0" 2 7
Francks 51133 27 54 17 2 4 10
Hanlon 50 1?3 34 51 23 S 19
Sehmeer 24 100 18 26 . 6 0 13
Harrtle 28 92 S 23 7 0 1 2
Arrelanes 24 SC » 23 : 9 0 1-6
ManRf-rlna ... 22 76 9 19 4 1 0 4
HuKhes 45 189 22 46 11 2 6 5
Stanlpy 45 163 22 41 8 1 1 6
Hammond .... 24 100 16 24 10 0 0 4
Beville 17 50 7 12 0 0 1 3
Doyle 4S 1R1 11 43 4 0 1 6
Mosklman .... 47 178 20 42 13 1 2 4
Lockh*>ad 3S US 21 34 14 0 2 10
McLauKhlln .. 50 2OS 45 47 85 3 1 9
Streib 35 137 17 31 20 0 3 3
Babbitt 49 1S1 27 40 24 0 2 3
Dunleavy 30 U4 13 25 7 0 3 4
Courtney 46 151 13 33 12 0 1 B
Held •. 35 55 5 12 3 0 0 4
J. McCarthy... 44 ISO 22 3S IS 0 0 7
Levy 45 157 23 33 11 1 0 8
1-ange 46 183 14 3S 16 0 0 8
Dr^nnan 4« 180 24 37 13 0 0 4
Shanahan 3S 127 14 26 7 1 0 j
fjne 15 57 5 11 6 .0 0 2
KfHly 60 186 22 36 6 N 0 0 8
Moore 49 17S 16 34 14 0 3 10
Stulz ."0 178 18 33 12 1 13
Harper 21 <K 6 12 4 0 0 1
Peeples 21 70 6 12 4 0 0 2
Morrow 40 150 12 25 10 0 2 4
Jo»* McCarthy. 16 61 6 10 0 0 0 1
Iburjr 31 88 12 16 4 0 0 i
Fltzpatrick ... 25 76 11 12 0 1 1 6
32 100 10 15 8 0 1 2
SteffanJ 17 50 2 4 \0 0 0 0
03 >tf
o 5
f I
f I
2 .34$
1 .327
0 .314
4 .309
5 .30S
6 .302
3 .230
13 .2*4
1 .283
4 .2S3
1 .283
1 .274
"3 .*72
2 .271
2 .264
1 .260
2 .250
1 .250
1 .250
0 .243
3 .242
2 .240
2 .2i«
4 .237
2 .1"6
5 .214
1 .226
7 .226
12.221
1 .210
4 .218
1 .218
3 .211
9 .210
6.207
4 .205
3 .20»
1 .193
6 .193
6 .191
4 .185
7 .184
1 .171
6 .166
6 .164
4 .163
1 .158
2 .151
5 .080
CLUB.
3 "I I 3
;. ¦? i = s
Stockton !
Oakland
Sacramento
San Francisco
j 4!>:K3S 643I13S .933
Elll3S»'«S5 170 .S>24
. 5njl317i643 171 .920
. 52)1362 701 189 .916
BJ
CLUB.
3
¦
¦ i
> 73 rs ot s
B ? * -t S
ji • M a 3
: • 5 s »
•i :# ? ,8 f
; ; a ;
San Francisco 52|1Tj«{:74 434 87 .243
Sacramento 50| 1696 261 402 160 .231
Oakland'..' 61 17471208 411 115 .'S-i
gtockton 4&|1657|193 3g4 151 .213
Battlnc averaeeii. runs, stolen bases, home
runs. -trlnl<»5>. doubles and pacriflca hits made
by players participating In ten or more games
up to August IS, 19W:
O HIS S * KHO
X <t a » c 3 Ccr
? " : « s ° 3 ?
• » : s « R : ?
names. : r : « g g : :•
j ?i : :?•"::
McGucken .... 12 52 6 IS - 1 0 2 1
Hutchlnson. .. 44 1<>S 32 53 10, 2 2 11
McHale 13 64 9 17 7 0 0 3
Schwartz 50 194 35 60 0 1 3 8
Pace 49 188 27 6S 20 0 3 9
Devereaux ... 45 149 43 45 34 2 1 S
Karon 50 1R6 42 54 18 6 2 11
Hlldebrand .. D2 1*3 36 65 18 0 1 13
Krug 47 187 34 53 5 3 2 9
Pabft 3$ 14S 22 42 10 2 1 9
Brockhoff ..... .50 19S 38 56 14 0 6 7
Borchers Ifi 51 3 14 2 0 1 51
Sullivan 33 125 22 34 S 0" 2 7
Francks 51133 27 54 17 2 4 10
Hanlon 50 1?3 34 51 23 S 19
Sehmeer 24 100 18 26 . 6 0 13
Harrtle 28 92 S 23 7 0 1 2
Arrelanes 24 SC » 23 : 9 0 1-6
ManRf-rlna ... 22 76 9 19 4 1 0 4
HuKhes 45 189 22 46 11 2 6 5
Stanlpy 45 163 22 41 8 1 1 6
Hammond .... 24 100 16 24 10 0 0 4
Beville 17 50 7 12 0 0 1 3
Doyle 4S 1R1 11 43 4 0 1 6
Mosklman .... 47 178 20 42 13 1 2 4
Lockh*>ad 3S US 21 34 14 0 2 10
McLauKhlln .. 50 2OS 45 47 85 3 1 9
Streib 35 137 17 31 20 0 3 3
Babbitt 49 1S1 27 40 24 0 2 3
Dunleavy 30 U4 13 25 7 0 3 4
Courtney 46 151 13 33 12 0 1 B
Held •. 35 55 5 12 3 0 0 4
J. McCarthy... 44 ISO 22 3S IS 0 0 7
Levy 45 157 23 33 11 1 0 8
1-ange 46 183 14 3S 16 0 0 8
Dr^nnan 4« 180 24 37 13 0 0 4
Shanahan 3S 127 14 26 7 1 0 j
fjne 15 57 5 11 6 .0 0 2
KfHly 60 186 22 36 6 N 0 0 8
Moore 49 17S 16 34 14 0 3 10
Stulz ."0 178 18 33 12 1 13
Harper 21 <K 6 12 4 0 0 1
Peeples 21 70 6 12 4 0 0 2
Morrow 40 150 12 25 10 0 2 4
Jo»* McCarthy. 16 61 6 10 0 0 0 1
Iburjr 31 88 12 16 4 0 0 i
Fltzpatrick ... 25 76 11 12 0 1 1 6
32 100 10 15 8 0 1 2
SteffanJ 17 50 2 4 \0 0 0 0
03 >tf
o 5
f I
f I
2 .34$
1 .327
0 .314
4 .309
5 .30S
6 .302
3 .230
13 .2*4
1 .283
4 .2S3
1 .283
1 .274
"3 .*72
2 .271
2 .264
1 .260
2 .250
1 .250
1 .250
0 .243
3 .242
2 .240
2 .2i«
4 .237
2 .1"6
5 .214
1 .226
7 .226
12.221
1 .210
4 .218
1 .218
3 .211
9 .210
6.207
4 .205
3 .20»
1 .193
6 .193
6 .191
4 .185
7 .184
1 .171
6 .166
6 .164
4 .163
1 .158
2 .151
5 .080
GAMES PLATED WITH
f.1
g
f I
\9
! £
3
a
I]
Mi
i : : :
No errors 2 2| 0 B 9
One error 17 10| 13 6 36
Two errors >., 10 ? 11} 9 3?
Three errora Tl 3 11 S 35
Fcur errors 8} 11 6 10 34
Five errors I 7 31 5 4 19
Six errors 4 3| 3 3 13
Seven errors : [ 6| 2| 1 1 10
Bisrht rrrors ; | 1| 2 0 2 5
Ten errors , ( 0! 1 0 1 2
Twelve errors '. I 0| 0 0 1 1
i ;
Total errors | l lS9il70J138 171*668
Total games j £2| Slf 49 5O|202
Average errors per club ;*r game: Thre*
and a third. t , --,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
S J 8ICTLY RELIABLE.
¦ CSS. Dr - Talcott
*%y Y$fflr§/ Practice Confined
VT XftUl y/ to Disorders of
A \ - I y the Male.
IN THE VARIOUS FORMS OF GENERAI.
I debility, and convalescence fo lowing certain
diseases iuch is the lowered standard of u>»
v taf^roces.es that the function of no organ i«Y
perfectly performed, and with the resulting 6,. %
i£enlon the patient has a REAL weakness..
The physician's first thought, under the.e con-
dittoes. U nerve and other tonlca.
Not Weakness-
Symptoms I
By far the greater number of patients, how-
ever, seekinjr relief for ao-called -Weakness" is
furnished by healthy and robust men. On ex-
amination, we find a Prostate Gland which hu
been damasred by either a contracted disorder
or early dissipation. These patients have no
weakness at all. Prematureness. Loss of Vital-
ity etc.. are the symptoms, or disordered func-
tion of the chronically Inflamed prostate gland.
We "find by eurlns this inflammation that full
vlgror at once returns. . It should be understood
that tonics, electricity, etc.. might cure a real
weakness, but would do barm in inflammation.
The main object is to reduce the size of tha
tender, swollen and Inflamed prostate. This wa
accomplish by local treatment, thus avoidir,"
drugs. Men who. have unsuccessfully treated
for a weakness should now understand the
cause of failure. We send free on application a
colored chart of the orirans which will be found
useful In home diagnosis and interesting to all
wishing: to study the anatomy of the male. *
Offices and Hospital, entire upper floor.
997 Market St., Cor. Sixth. .
1 i<wiwi mumk*H fiii Jma^tmm wajnArMir nn^itwr-.,- >*-Afca
SENT FREETQ MEN !
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Qulck<7 Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy ere being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
phyeical Buttering of lost manhood that
the Institute ha* decided to distribute
Jree trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, prematura
loss of strength and memory, weak back
yaricocele or emaciation of parts can new
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and eeems to act direct
to the desired location, giving etrencth
end development just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
i-uccess in all caces. A reauest to the
State Medical Institute, C28 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that
you dfFire one of theJr free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
cample will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies . are employed, ¦ The
Institute makes r.o restrictions. Any man
who writes will be ft-nt a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Headers are
requested to write without delay. '*¦
LAPP'S GUN STORE^
T$n£&^ 421 Kearr.y street, 8. F., for
HP*^ Fishing Tackle and- Sportinif
Goods. The larzest stock on
the Pacific Coast of every description. Send i
cents In postage stamps for the latest 90-p^g«
Illustrated catalogue. No. 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.With a coollng-out interval, Slats,. with
her owner In the saddle, reappeared, mak-
Over the fences and through the fields
is a popular pastime here, the timber-top
pers going to the post in the three-mile
steeplechase handicap again furnishing the
sharpest betting affair of the day. The
starters, were: Silverado 165, Huntsman
150, Mestor 158 and Frank Cardan's Amee
ra 150. Additional Interest was added to
this event from the fact that Prince Po
niatowski, owner of Silverado, had made
a swell wager, with Richard Tobln, In
whose colors Mestor ran, that the chest
nut would win. As an incentive to win
Prince Poniatowski generously promised
the purse to Jockey Henry if he were suc
cessful. Friday's contest seemed to have
put the latter horse on edge, for again he
made an end to end trip of It, never re
linquishing the lead. after taking the first
obstacle. Mr. Parsons piloted Mestor In
faultless fashion, but after two miles had
been covered his mount had enough, and
Silverado increased his lead, winning by
forty lengths In 6:21%. Huntsman, the
entry of J. J. Moore, struggled along
gamely," finishing third. Mutuels paid
$7 70.
Only .four racers faced the starter in
the opening quarter-mile handicap scram
ble for ponies. Slats, the mount of Walter
Hobart, sold favorite over the field, and in
a finely drawn finish earned the verdict
over Julia by a head in :24%. The winner
carried 163 pounds, while Julia was allot
ted 145. King Cole, the entry of Frank
Carolan, showed. ' •
Go of the Timber-Toppers.
. It was typical racing weather. A cool
breeezo blew in from the sea, the track
was In perfect condltlo% anil everybody
In splendid spirits. The judges were Jo
seph *B. Crockett. W. M. Ncwhall, T>tck
Tobln and .Henry T. Scott. The Call's
representative was asked to handle the
starter's flag and he sent the fields away.
The peerless ¦ society horseman, "Walter
Hobart, astride Jaunty Slats, earned fresh
faurels In the first two numbers, and
"Bob" Betner, the Southern California
sportsman, scored a distinct hit by cap
turing the Del Monte cup with Viola, a
sweet morsel of pony flesh.
ponies and horses had it all ¦ their own
way, a solitary favorite falling to poke
Its nose past the winning post first. . • •
BERKELEY, Aug. 13.— The temperance
forces met last evening at the home of
O. G. May, 1736 Oxford streeet. and chose
E. C. Arnold and Albert Taynton as dele
gates to represent Berkeley at the pro
hibition convention which will b« held
Tuesday in Hamilton Hall, Oakland.
Prohibition Delegates.
Morehouse Adjudged Insane.
OAKLAND, Aug. IS.— W. H. Morehousa,
the San Leandro painter who created a
commotion about the county building
yesterday morning by distributing flowers
to the many clerks, was committed to
the State Hospital for the Insane at
Stockton by Judge Hall to-day.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 18.— Edward D. Judd
and Miss Mary L. Neall were married this
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock at the First Con
gregational Church, Rev. W. W. Scudder
performing the wedding ceremony in the
presence of a large number of relatives
and friends. There were no attendants.
A . reception was afterward held at the
home of the bride's parents, 1151 Park
avenue. ~"^«^
Captain Judd Is the president of the E.
D. Judd Company, engaged In dealing in
Alameda real estate. He is a member of
Joo Hooker Post. O. A. R., and has a
wide circle of friends. His bride has been
secretary of the E. D. Judd Company
since its organization eleven years ago.
AGED REAL ESTATE MAN '
WEDS;HIS TYPEWRITER
Two unsuccessful attempts at suicide
by the bathtub route and a prevented
plunge Into the chilly waters of the es
tuary is the unusual record of Marguerite
Smith/ a woman who was sentenced this
morning: to thirty days for vagrancy. The
woman came before Judge Smith in the
Police Court, and after pleading guilty
and being sentenced was removed tem
porarily to the City Prison.
Within an hour screams were heard
from her cellmate, Georglna Fralzell, and
on arrival at the spot Policemen Moore
and Curtiss found the Smith woman, fully
dressed, struggling to submerge herself
In the water, while her companion sought
to prevent her.
The would-be suicide fought the officers
fiercely, but was removed and wrapped in
a blanket. To-morrow she will be taken
to the County Jail 'to serve her sentence.
The woman's mania for drowning her
self appeared a few weeks ago, when she
was prevented by some boys from throw-
Ing herself Into Oakland Creek. After
being arrested at that time she tried to
drown herself In the prison bathtub, but
was rescued and locked up In a separate
celL. She declares she will yet accomplish
her purpose^ -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug.. 1R.
the Woman Declares That She
J .v'Will Yet Accomplish
Her Purpose.
Though Rescued by Police Officers,
Marguerite Smith Tries to
¦n j tt t • r •
End Her Life in a
Bathtub.
WOMAN MAKES
THIRD ATTEMPT
AT DROWNING
San Francisco. Hamlin School— Mlsa M. A
Buckley. A. Smith.
San Francisco, Irrtnr Institute— Miss B, J
Southback.
San Francisco, Lowell High School— Miss A.
O. Bartlett. M. G. Blackmail, L. Bowman.
R.'L. Beds, W. W. Davidson, M. N. Gold
tree. H. Greensf elder, K. W. Hare. A.. Hej'
man. Miss II. M. Hoffman, E. G. Howell. P.
J. Hannlgan. Mips 8. E. ' Jordan, S. M. Leve
con. J. D. MacGavin! A. MacKenzle, P. A
McCarthy, M. C. Milton,' A. A. Rosenshine, M
Rhine, R. J. Sotners, N. C. Vensano.
Ban Francisco. Mission High School— D. A.
McLeod. R. O" Connor. J. B.- White.
' Ean Francisco. College of "• Notre Darne— Miss
M. B. Ijennon.' = ¦
Ban Francisco. Polytechnic High > Bchool— E.
L. Abenhelm, C F.' Adams, L. V. Korbel. Miss
D. S. Schroder. Miss J. H. Saunders. • <-
San Francisco, . St. Ignatius High School — R.
L. Williams.
. Ban Francisco, Trinity School— R. R. Strange,
C T. Wallace. S. 8. Toung. - .; .
San Bernardino High School — L. M. Coleman.
I* M-^WaU. - , . . " . ---¦-¦
San Diego High School— Mlaa A. B. Bottwlck,
San Francisco, Girls' High " School— Miss E.
Alexander. Miss L. J. Beardsley, Miss H.
Boyer. Mine S. Brock, Miss M. Bura^ss. Miss
F. V. Bufford,'' Miss F. E. J Berghauser. ' Miss
E. B. aarke. Miss A. G» Curley,. Miss M. L.
Dow, Miss 8. M. Daniel, Miss B. L. C. Groze
ller. Miss E. M. Hoey. Mies J. M. Hopkins.
MUs M. Martensteln. Miss J. I. ' Mauro, Miss
M. Miklau. Miss J. M. Parks. Miss L. Priber
Miss A. Rehfish, Miss L%R. Rlechenbach Miss
J. Seavey. Miss M. F. Seale. Miss G. W. Smith
MIrs 8. Schroder, Miss E. Tobrlner. Miss D. E
Whltten. Mies M. M. Toung. ..
Nevada City High School— J. Klnkead.
Oakdale Union High School— Miss E. M. Bay
ley. N. T. English, O. F. Snedlgar. Miss A. B
Tulloch. ,
Oakland High School— Miss P. Ackerman.
Miss A. M. Bell, Miss E. O. Branch. Miss E. L.
Boillot, Miss A. S. Carruth. A. M. Cooley, Miss
E. R. Dewing, MIbs P. M. Dewing, L. B. Dunn.
J. E. IMlbert. Miss S. Enrelhart, Miss G. Ev
ans, Miss E. J. Everson, L. E. Faber. W. H.
Foster, Miss G. M. Frj% Miss A. E. Graham,
Miss I. B. Henderson. Miss C. E. Hampel. G.
Ji. Holcom. S. Jacobs. Miss"R. T. Jess. M. G
JefTress. C. R. Jones, F. G. Kutz, V. V. Ltdga.
H. Muller. S. W. Nicholls, J. R. Quayle, Miss
E. M. Sturtevant, J. S. Sutherland, Miss A. W
Sellander. Miss E. E. Smith. Miss G. J. Thayer'
M. C. Van Loben Sels. Miss A. E. Watkins,
Miss D. E. West. C. G. White, Miss I. B. Wil
son. Mie* R. Wulren, Miss V. Whltehead, W.
Wight. Miss H. A. Winchester. H. C. Welle.
Oakland, Miss ¦ Horton's School— Miss C.
Chase. MUs M. L. Pierce, Miss G. M. Plnney.
Miss O. A. Schleslnger. ,
. Ontario, Chaffee College— Miss B. L. Wright.
OrovIHe High School— H. S. de Lancle, Miss
E R. Patten.
Pasadena High Bchool— Miss E. W. Burt,' H.
E. Briggs, J. R. Buchanan. Miss C. G. Davis,
Miss S. Hill. Miss W. L. Osborne, MUs M. S.
Soofleld.
Paso Robles High School— F. J. Booth, M. R.
Van Wonner.
Petaluma High Bchool— E. M. Brown, V. C.
Gale, Miss A. J. Houz, L. H. Patty, A. J.
Todd.
Pomona College — C. C. Halnea, Miss . M. E.
Orcatt.
Pomona High School— Miss C. M. Barr, Miss
C. G. Barstow. Miss N. E. Burke, Miss B. M.
Rice, O. Toungs Jr.
Portervllle High School— A. P. Flaunders.
Red Bluff High School— Miss E. E. Chase,
Miss M. Fl Foster, Miss F. L. Gans.
Redlands High School— F. F. Prendergast.
Riverside High School— O. D. Baldwin, Miss
A. M. Bautz, E. O. Burgess, W. D. Craig, D.
A. Cuttle, C. B. Hlllegas, R. C La Rue. R. R.
Mitchell. J. S. Montague, L. Randall, F. S.
Ray, R. O. Reiner. J. A. K. Skinner.
Sacramento High School— G. F. Beard, Ml*s
B. Cooledge, S. II. Jones, Miss M. Stone, Mis*
C. S. White.
St. Helena High School— T. B. Lyman, Miss
S. M. Salmlna. •
Salinas High School— Mies J. Geiielhart, Mlsa
L. L. Hudson. W. E. Ollason.
San Francisco: California School of Mechan
ical Arts— De W. W. Blsbee, C. W. Backe, L.
E. de Toe, J. A. Hammond. C. D. Keading, F.
Lebenbaum. Miss M. E. Scott, H. F. White, G.
S. Young.
Los Angeles: University of Southern Califor
nia—F. W. Abbott. R. W. Brown.
Mendoclno High School— Miss L. Packard. R.
F. Phillies Jr.
Menlo Park: Holtt's School for Boys— W. O
Howell. I. -Miller.
Merced: Merced County High School— Miss
J. Dlxon. J. M. Landram, Miss K. F. Magne
son. A. W. Meany.
Modesto High School— E. H. Annear, H M
Evans, Miss C. Minor. C. B. Wotten.
Napa High School— Miss M. A. Taber.
National City High School— P. Thelen. R.
Thelen.
BERKELEY. Aug. 18.— Jamea Button,
the recorder of the faculties at the btate
University, completed to-day the compila
tion of a list of. 475 students who havo
been admitted to regular or limited stand
ins: in the freshman class.
About fifty applications are pending:
thirty-nve new persons have entered as
graduate students and there is a large
list of applications from those desiring to
take special courses. At this , tlma last
year only S90 students had been admitted
to the freshman class. The upper classes
show the fame Increase. There were 1121
sophomore, juniors and seniors registered
Thursday, or 15 per cent more than on
the first day's registration last year.
The regular and limited students of the
freshman class with their preparatory
schools are as follows:
Alameda High School— E. A. Bannister, Miss
5. E. Innes. J. R. McCulloch. Miss E. O. Nay
lor. Miss M. E. Stewart. K. W. Weymouth.
Alameda University Academy — C. J. Fred
erlcK. R- W. aicCormlck, R. B. Mitchell Jr.,
II. G. McMillan. R, C. Smith. D. C. Smith.
Arcata Hich School— W. E. Yocom.
Auburn High School— Mlaa M. E. Gxldlne
ton. Miss M. Meacham, K. K. Eanford. E. £.
Woo*. -
B&kersfleld, Kern County High School— Mlsa
C Barabart. H. C. Gardett, I* E. Jameson,
B. C. WeUl.
Berkeley Hlffh School— Mlsa W. Atterbury,
Mlsa I*. E. McC. Axbulich. Miss D. llramlcy,
Miss E. S. Brown, M. M. Bowman, Miss G.
M. Darke, Miss A E. Earle, Miss M. M. Ris
tenpart, 8. K. Sanada, Miss D. T. Smith. MIm
C W. Skinner. W. G. Spencer, K. \V. Skinner,
Miss V. M. Vervalln. Miss M. A. Ward. F.
D. TVeber. Miss C. M. IVhltney, O. White, R.
W. Wardwell. Mies M. Fnrrell, J. L. Fozard.
Miss E. Gray, B. Hathaway, R. Henderson.
Miss S. Hoar. S. L. Haas T. L. ' Hall. MIes
M. A- Hazlett, R. Jones. Miss H. Jones. Mlsa
6. P. Judson. Miss I. H. Juillerat. E. ~W.
Kruschke, Miss M. Leonard, R. A. Lyon, E.
J. Martin, Miss J. E. McKay, Mies M. Mc-
Avoy E. McN*. Xuttlnjr. Miss E. L. Preble.
Berkeley, Bocne's University Academy — \V.
Brawn, I» C. Duff. P. H. Honna, J. C Plckett.
I. W. Robblno. J. M. Levy.
Berkeley, Mi« Head's Preparatory School-
Miss C Day, Miss O. P. Foulds. Miss J. Le
Conte, Miss M. F. J. Williams.
Berkeley. Peralta University Academy— R. M.
AiuUn, A. Le K. Bledsoe, E. A. Hainlln, D.
W. Tulloch.
Belmont School— A. S. Bunnell, P. I* Lind
ley. S. H. Einshelxner. S. M. Stow.
CentervlUe Union Hleh School— Miss H. V.
Haley. O. A. Kraft. W. H. Norrls. W. C
Smith. J. C. Whipple.
Chico State Normal Bchool— Miss D. D. Fish
Miss E. F. Stilson.
College City High School— Miss B. H. Sum
mers.
College Park, University of the Paciflc— H.
J. Loken.
Dixon H!ch School— Miss P. R. Hunt. Miss
& L. Ulsteen. _.
Eecondldo High School — Miss R. Carver.
Erparto Union High School — D. Q. Adams,
TV. \V. Adams, Mies L. 3. Baur, Miss M H.
Stephens. Miss S. Stephen*.
Eureka H!sh School— Miss M. A. Casterlin.
Miss A. M. Goetz. Miss A. E. Hunter. R. J.
Hutching, C. H. Warren. MIes C. R. Weaver.
Fresno Hlrh School— T. Aikin, Miss M. \V.
Balrd. MIfs M. Gaines. Mies E. Kennedy, Miss
M. M. Smith. Miss F. O. St. John. T. William
son.
Gllroy High School — Miss N. I* Beauchamp
C. H. Miner.
Hanford Union Hlgt School— F. I. Blowers,
Miss I. McQulddy. \fi.«s R. Powell. Miss L.
Sanborn. C. C. AValker. B. C.
Haywards Union Hlsh School — Mies I. Gar
wood.
Healdsburg High School— A. L. Price.
Uvormore High School— N*. J. Fletcher, MIbe
M. McKeaay, E. A. Wc>-mouth.
Lompoc Union High School— H. B. Hopkins,
W. T. Talbctt.
Long Beach High School— W. R, Crips, Miss
A. HuEt. MIes M. Huft. Miss A. C. Moore. R.
F. Mitchell. L. A. Webb.
Los Angeles IIi*h School — E. E. Adams, Miss
E. M. Bates, M. Enderlln, MIbs L. C. Ehrmann,
MIes M. Henderson. Miss W. A. Kay, Miss J.
D. Musgrove. MIfs W. M. Nanerth. Miss B. M.
Enow, Miss E. M. Wilson, H. T. Wayne, O.
Welborn.
Los Angeles State Normal School— Mies M. L.
Johnson, Miss V. Lindley, Miss M. L. Stout.
Miss II. E. Teg-gart, Ml«s M. C. Thomas, Miss
O. E. Ticknor. Miss G. F. Vennlng. Miss K. L.
Woodford. .• ,.~ '
Upper Classes Show ILarge Increase in
Attendance and Growth Through
out University Is Be
markable.
Recorder Sutton Completes
List o^ Admitted
Students.
FRESHMEN WHO
ARE REGISTERED
AT UNIVERSITY
GOOD RECORDS
OF SAN FRANCISCO
FLYCASTERS
Interest Increasing in the
Opan Tournament at
Chicago.
>
Team Contests In. Distance and Ac
curacy and Delicacy and Accur
acy Are Won by Windy
City aien.
»
Epftclal Dts&atch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Augr. IS. — Th» open touma
raent of the Chicago Flycastlnff Club
"wa» continued all day to-day, with added
Interest. Commencing In the morning- at
20:20 o'clock. It lasted until dark, with a
ehort Intermission for luncheon. The
contests were all close and exciting. The
greater number of entries were Chicago
men. but «om« of the tood prizes were
-captured by Ban Francisco men, although
a larff© majority of them will stay in Chi
•c&co,
I Tho contest In lone distance and acon
;racy waa won by O. "W. Salter of Cbi
jcaro, "srtth a cast of 103 1-12 feet. A. E.
J xrvet* of California was a close second
¦with 100 2-Z5 feet.
Ta&xn contests in dlstanco end accuracy
-and la 6ello&cy and accuracy between
aeama represeatlns Chicago, Ban Francis
-co and Grand Rapids resulted favorably
:to tb.« Chicago team in both cases.
Ts» third team contest, which was to
(h&ve been in long-dlstanca flycastlng,
\yrta called oSC, ejs the teams from both
:Graod Rapids and San Francisco with
drew. Tho contest 1a the afternoon In
-feocurmtA balls-casting- was close, and ex
teclier.t scores were made. The beet ecore
vfca SS 1-5. m&de by Smith, a Chicago
Saan. with Peet of Chicago a eloee second
*O. S3 2-lfi. There were ten prizes In this
¦erent, tho ten*b Xtetag won by the higrh
ecore of Hi 1~S per cent. The long- distance
flycfi.stiagr content was won by A- E.
Ivbvett of S*n Francisco, who unre-eJed
;-j5 £e«t of Use. F. X. Peet of Chicago
tmm eecoad wtlh US feet. Score:
Tto contest, distanc* and accuracy: Chl
fc&ro—F. K. P«et. »7 7-1S per cent; H. O. Ha«
acall. M S-S per cent; a.vcrare S? 1-10 per oent.
Ben Fruidaoo — TV. D. MantHeld. U 2-8 per
<o«ntt A. E. Lovett. 91 14-15 per cent; average,
¦U »-10 t>er cent.
Qranfl PjLclfi»-^I. Wadflen. S3 8-15 per cent:
iC. B. Kei*ey. 74 S-ll per cent; averts* 80 1-30
3>eT cent.
Delicacy anfl accuracy test: Chlc*ro— T, N.
Te«t, SCi* per cent; hT Q. Hasc&ll. W 1-S per
cent, average S3 11-12 per cent.
Ban Francisco— W. D. MansSrid. 86 l-« per
<-er.t; A- E. L*rr«tt. 96 per cent; average.
tit 7-16 I*r cent.
Grand Us^Us— J. Waflflell, H l-t per cent;
C. D. Kelsey. H 1-4 per cent; average H l-« per
cent.
Lore fiiFtance «n<! accuracy test, average of
tira throw-B— G. W. SaJter. 103 1-1J fe«t; A. E.
Lorett. ice I-T5 feet: A. C. Smith, 86 1-6 feet;
V. N. Pert. S3 17-23 feet: C. A. Llpplncott, 85
33-<\> feet; II. G. Hascall. 76 17-30 feet; I. H.
1'ellov.s. 74 5-12 f»-t-t ; H. %V. Pierce. 73 £0-60
feet; J. Wadd.-Il, 72 5-6 feet; E. R. Lettenaan.
7! l-:o tctti '.V. I). Marisneld, 63 13-20 feet; I.
!>. Bdaseo. C3 feet; L. C. F. Brown, C4 1-5 feet;
T.\ C. Hilton. Ci 1-5 feet: L. I. Elackman.
f.J TS-<"^ !>et: D. Berry. £3 14-15 feet; C. E. Kel
ny. ii rr-Oi feet. .
Instance fiyca-stlnc— tv. E. Lovett, 1C5 feet;
Lot. U3 feet; IJelWs. V<0 feet; Hascall, 1W
; • ; Mocker. k6 feet; Smith. S3 feet; Kelsey. 92
red; lit-Usco, SI feet; Brown, 80 feet; Waddell.
Accurac* bait casting, per cents — Smith, Sg
C .*.; l'.-.-t. CS .-:'.; Ilascail. 98; Kelsey, J7;
Lovctt. &£ 4-S: Belasco. 95 11-13; Letterman.
!", Z-Z: Crwrwood, C6 2-3; Falter. 96 2-5: Bel
1>t.s. SZ 1-3: H;aterl«Etner. »4 13-15: Llppincott,
91 3-5; Parker. S3; Ain«worth. 91 14-15; Brown.
t» 1-:."; Bteckmuw tZ 2-5: Berry. 83 13-13; Pierce,
fc." 2 2; Uiston. S3 2-5; Waddoll. 78 8-15; Arm
fctrors. 72 2-3.
Population of Nexr York.
WASHINGTON. Aug-. IS.— The popula
tion ct Greater New York, as Indicated
by the cour.t Just completed at the cen
fus office is 3.4374iC2. This included the
population of the boroughs of Manhattan
Md Bronx, previously announced, and
those of Brooklyn. Richmond and Queens.
An approximate estimate of the increase
Fince 1S10 shows It to have been ST.9 per
cent. m •
Courtrigb-t Heard From.
OAKLAND. Aug. IS.— Charles Court
right, the youn" man who escaped from
the Ag^ievrs A_5ylum for the Insane on the
nlgrht of July i. has been heard from at
Portland. Or. A letier from him received
yesterday by his mother, Mrs. M. E.
Courtright of 126 Eighth street, states his
Intention to gro to Salt Lake City. Court
right says he remembers none of the cir
cumstance? of his escape and wanderings.
Kllckltat. KJttitas, SnohomJsh, Bnogu
almie. Puyallup, Toppenlsh and Skookum
are some of the Indian names of towns in
"Washington and Oregon.
SOCIETY'S ATHLETIC TOURNEY
ENDS WITH SPLENDID SPORT
Hobart, the Peerless, Rides 'Slats to Fresh "Victories, but Betner. Scores a
Great' H it in 'Capturing the Del -Monte. Cup With ' the Game
BY F. E.^^ MTJLHOLLAJNTD.
Again to-day society paid homage to the
sport of kings, the grand stand, the club
house and inner field presenting a pic
turesque sight, with exquisitely gowned
women, fashionably attired men and swell
turnouts. Strangely enough, the wager
ing was not fierce, the light fields confin
ing the paris mutuel play almost entirely
to tho favorites, and the short-priced
afternoon at the racecourse the
guards sounded a farewell blast of the
horns In one of the most successful weeks
of sport ever held at this fashionable re
60 rt.
DEL MONTE, Aug. 18.— The golfers
have their clubs and other lug
gage packed, the tennis rackets
have been laid away, and this
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SCENES AT THE DEL. MONTE
ATHLETIC TOURNEY.
Ing quick work of the field In the second
dash for ponies, all to carry 165 pounds.
Slats soon showed first, downing Princess
Klavia two lengths In :25, while Three
Cheers ran a close third. Mutuels paid
$9 15. * - • . •
- A mile open handicap for thoroughbreds
followed, but three responding to the post
call. Cowboy, with Johnny "Weber up and
shouldering 143 pounds, strolled In leis
urely nearly a couple of lengths In ad
vance of Phoenician, with Westfall and
140 pounds up. Miss Norma died away
after covering six furlongs. Mutuels raid
57 7o. . .
¦ Considerable speculation was Indulged
in over the result of the Del Monte cup
for ponies, the minimum weight being
fixed at 165 pounds. Fusillade, ridden by
Walter Hobart, and Lady Betty, the
Carolan entry, the latter piloted by her
owner, received strong support to defeat
the favorite, Viola, upon which Mr. Bet
ner had the mount. The latter had a phe
nomenal turn of Bpeed and i could never
be headed, though hard pressed by Fusil
lade for six furlongs. Lady Betty came
strong at the close, taking the place from
her stable mate. Time, 1:53. Mutuels
paid JS 75.
Two started in the mile and a half pony
number. Six Bits, with Mr. Betner up,
made a rake walk of It. Hobe, wretchedly
handled by Richards and pounds the best,
fell at the last jump. The race should
have been a gift for him. Time, 3:56. Mu
tuels paid JG 20.
Whitney and Crowell Tennis Winners
The finals and -semi-finals were played
this morning and George Whitney and H.
W. Crowell were the winners of the first
prizes. C. B. Root and Merle Johnson
were fortunate enough to win second
prizes. The first match was between
George Whitney and H. W. Crowell vs.
J. Mayhew and Mr. McLaln, and was" won
by the former team, 6-1. 6-2.
The second contest 'was between C. 3.
Root and: M. Johnson vs. W. S. Hobart
and George Parsons. This was the most
exciting and Interesting, match of the
day and brought out a large crowd of
rooters from the ranks of the 400, all pull
ing for Hobart and Parsons. Hobart's
game was not up to his usual form and
Root and Johnson finally won. 8-6. 6-4.
In the finals George Whitney and H. W
Crowell I beat M. Johnson and C. B. Root
two straight sets, 6-1, .6-2.
Crowell played in.good form and ably
backed up the champion. „• .• -. ¦
THE committee of eighteen, appointed
flay before yesterday by Alfred
Bouvier, chairman of the Republi
can County Committee, held a long
session last evening at the Baldwin An
nex. The committee consists of the fol
lowing named:
Twenty-eighth District— Charles P. Engelke.
Twenty-ninth District— John B. McNair.ara-
Thlrtleth District— J. J. Mprehouse.
Thirty-first District— H. McMahon.
Thirty-second District— John F. Ahern.
Thirty-third District— George W. Pennlngton.
Thirty-fourth District— H. C. Henderson.
Thirty-fifth District — William Metxner.
Thirty-sixth District— Henry E. Holmes.
Thirty-seventh District-George D. Clarke.
Thirty-eighth District— A. B. Truman.
Thirty-ninth District— T. H. McCarthy.
Fortieth District— John F. McGlynn.
Forty-flrst District— Nathan H. Frank. '
Forty-second Dlntrlct— I. J. Truman Jr.
Forty-third District— John R. Hlllman.
Forty- fourth District— A. Ruef.
Forty-fifth District— Augustus Johnson.
In order^To grlve Republican citizens as
surance of a fair primary election the fol
lowing declaration was adopted:
Thin committee recognizes the great Im
portance to our country of the success of
the .Republican party and its principles at
the coming election, and knowing that only
by the fairest dealing both as to ifsues and
as to men can such success be honorably
attained, hereby declares Its intention to ex
erclee the power vested in it in. such man
ner as consistently with Integrity and pro
priety shall give to every 'Republican voter
: in San Francisco equal and fair recognition
In the primary election about to be held.
And to that end and purpose and In ac- '
cordance with the resolution adopted by the
County- Committee this committee declares
that no fraud. Imposition, intimidation or-»
- oppression will be tolerated ae* the said
primary election and hereby gives notice
that when It shall appear by satisfactory
proofs that any false voting shall have oc
curred at any polling place or any false or
fraudulent impersonation of electors, or any
repeating or "stuffing" or false counting
of votes in the interest of any set of can
didates, the return of the election of such
candidates will not be received or con
sidered.
This declaration is thus made In advance
to discourage all possible reprehensible and
fraudulent practice, and to Insure a fair arid
honest primary election, as far as It may be
within the power of the Republican County
STEPS TO SECURE
HONEST PRIMARY
Republican Committee of Eighteen
Gives Notice That Fraud
B '¦ ' Shall Not Prevail.
Committee to secure the same.
In order to adjust differences In various
Assembly districts and to promote har
mony In the ranks of the party a com
mittee was appointed consisting of T. II.
McCarthy. A. Ruef, I. J. Truman Jr., J.
F. McGlynn and William Metzner.
The chairman also announced the ap
pointment of the following committee on
finance:
Ueorge r>. Clarke. H. E. Holmes. Xathan
Frank, George W. Pennlngton and Charles
F. Engolke.
Late Friday evening a petition purport
ing to be signed by twenty-five members
of the County Committee was presented
to the chairman. The petitioners asked
that a special meeting of tho County Com
mittee be called to consider the advisabil
ity of appointing a committee to carry
into effect the plan of primary election
edo»ted Saturday evening, August 11. The
chairman replied to the communication,
setting forth that the committee had been
appointed under authority derived from
section 3 of the by-laws. The chairman
therefore decided against calling a special
meeting in view of the near approach of
the 'election and the necessity, for active,
work to carry out the provisions of the
plan adopted by the general committee.
No doubt the petition was signed by sev
eral well-meaning county commltteemen.
but Chairman Bouvler and members of
the executive committee clearly perceived
that disturbing elements would make the
meeting a special occasion for causing
confusion and delay.
The - followers of Kelly and Crimmins
are not all satisfied with the outspoken
declaration in favor of an honest primary
election. They have v been fighting des
perately for opportunity to stuff ballot
boxe< and gain control of the local nom
inating convention. In their zeal to con
trol legislative nominations they threaten
to disrupt the party organization and hold
a bolters' convention.
Republican Tvorkin??rnen. merchants and
business men generally expect the Coun
ty Committee to stand firm and carry
out the promise that a fair and honest
primary election shall be held. Decent
Republicans know that Kelly and Crlm
mins cannot be trusted to give the peo
ple a fair deal. These bosses betrayed
and knifed a Republican candidate for
Oovernor and a Republican candidate for
Mayor.
FOUR YEARS OF
SEPARATION, NOW
A REMARRIAGE
John A. and Freda Overacker
Bunting Will Wed
Again.
Forgiving Wife and Repentant Hus
band to Be Beunited After a
Lapse of Many Unhappy
Months.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Aug. IS.
. Four years of single life following a di
¦ vorce decree separating John A. Bunt
ing and his wife, Freda Overacker Bunt-
Ing, evidently convinced that couple that
'their happiness would be more complete
if they took up anew the marriage ties
that bound them for seventeen years.
Bunting secured a license this after
noon to remarry his former wife, who
is a sister of Howard Overacker of Cen
terville. The Overacker family Is one of
the most prominent in Alameda County.
The Buntings were married December
5. 1877, and lived together at Cent«rville
until June, 1S34, when the wife left her
home, claiming that her husband wa3 in
the habit of breaking crockery over her
head. She secured a divorce In January.
1896. on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Bunting removed to Oakland after the
legal separation and engaged in the brok
erage business. He prospered In his new
field and made overtures to his divorced
wife for a reconciliation. Mrs. Bunting,
however, remained obdurate until re
cently, when, as shown by the present
turn of affairs, she again gave her hand
to John A. Bunting.
SEIZES THE* RECORDS
OFCOEUR D'ALENE UNION
State Deputy Flndlay of Idaho For
cibly Executes the Mandate of
' the Commonwealth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE. Wash., Aug. 13.— State Dep
uty Samuel Flndlay of Idaho broke open
the door, entered a meeting of the Miners'
Union at Gem, Idaho, and took possession
of the books and papers of the union.
Secretary A. S. Balch attempted to retain
his records and was assaulted by the
deputy. Balch was struck on the head.
During the confusion the deputy made hla
way out of the hall.
Meetings of miners* unions are prohib
ited in the Co«ur d'Alene by th State
authorities, but they are being held just
the same. It 13 a part of Deputy Find
lay's Instructions to prevent such gather
ings. Flndley heard of the meeting and
knocked on the rear door, which was
opened a few Inches. He demanded to
know what was going on. and was told
It was none of his business.
Flndlay is a powerful man, six feet two
Inches tall and weighing 254 pounds. He
threw his shoulder against the door, which
gave way. Entering the room, where
twenty members of the union were gath
ered, he seized the records and departed.
The Incident has aroused Intense Interest
among the miners.
PORTLAND, Or., An*. IS.— According to the
estimate of P. F. Kelly of Seattle, the salmon
pack of Puget Sound for 1300 is 139.000 cases,
against 628.000 last year. .
THE 1 SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGI3 ST 19, 1900.
Th« track captains of the high . schools
and academies of the Academic Athletic
League ; met yesterday afternoon : at t the
Olympic Club ' to * discuss the prospect In
the way, of entries from their schools for
the coast handicap , field day" to be held
at '. Tanf oran Park ; September 29. : Thoso
present • were Herbert '! Hauser,' , treasurer
of the Academic League and a member of
the Olympic Club committee In charge" of
the field day; \ Herbert Thomson, Ukiah
High School, track captain of the Aca
demic League; Richard Boettlger,
Berkeley High School; George ' Elliott,
Berkeley High School;; manager; of the
Academic League team; Theodore Vos
burg, Lowell High School; Charles Eager,
Polytechnic High School. -
From their -reports > entries for ' the
Academic . League will be as follows: . ¦ -
' 100-yard dash— Eagerl P. H.* S. ; ', Boettlger, ¦ B.
H.S.: Cutter, P. A.H. S.:-Wllcox. O.H.S.;
GoIcher,L..H. S.: Turpln. M. H. 8. ,
220-yard . dash— Thomson, '-U.' H. S. ; Eager,
P. H. S. : '-¦ Wilcoy, O. H. r S. ; ¦ Boettlger, B. H.
B. ; Golcher, L. H.I S. : Turpln. M. H. S.
- 440-yard , run— Thomson, U. : n. ¦ S. ; Cheek, ' O.
H. S. ; Byrne, P. » H.' S. : Donovan. , P.' H. S. ••--
- Half-mile - ¦ run— Healey. • ¦ Petaluma '<. H. - S. ;
Wyckoff.". U. H. S. ; Stalder, O. H. S. ; : Dalton,
P. H." S. : » Donovan, P. . H.i S. ; Mathewson,' P.
H. 8. ; McNlchol, L. > H. E.; McPherson, L.
H. ~S. ' - ••..-¦.•/•. ; ¦ • < ¦ ¦ ¦ .-.,?
-120-yard hurdle race— Weller/.U. H.' S.; Chap
lin, B. H. S. ; Barkan, L. H. S. ,
~220-yard hurdle race-rWeller.'U.'H.'S.; Chap
lin, B. H. S. ; ; Barkan," L. , H. 8. .
¦ High Jump— Chaplin. B.^H.; S.: Hlckey, B.
H. B. :¦ Bell.' H.H.S.; Cheek,' O.H.S..
; Broad; Jump— Weller, i U. > H.- S. ; Chaplin, B.
H. ¦ ' 8. ' : . Donovan,- P. H. S. ; - Cheek, 0. H. 3. ~
v.: Pole vault— Elliott, M. - ; H. S. ; .4 Seawell, V: :
H. * 8. : ¦ vVols. '"'¦ B.'- H. ¦ ! -S. ; > Needham. . B. H. S. ;
Golcher, ? I*. " H. * B." ¦*;¦-- Vv- - -j - ,
¦-> Hammer . throw— Walter, : U. H. S. ; Voli, B.'
H.:8.,--v;: y r ¦' [ ,. ¦¦ >"f ,'¦>;
ACADEMIC ATHLETES TO
ENTER THE FIELD DAY
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 18.— Av special to
the Bee .from, 'Auburn, Placer County,
says: Constable Keeley of Emigrant Gap
arrived ' here Thursday with an -Insane
man, who was captured and brought down
from the wilds - of the mountains under
most pecullar,dlfflcultles. .
The patient.. who gave the officer more
trouble than he has experienced in his en
tire official career, la a young man named
Wilson, who was found wandering around
in Sailor Canyon. ; He/ claimed that he
was sent up from , San Francisco by the
owner of the Montgomery mine as an ex
pert."" .•.-¦¦¦ - . -¦)-. . ' ¦ :.-. , -. - • - . ; -¦¦.
'¦ "Wilson/ on exhibiting signs of madness,
was taken • In • charge dv some parties at
the mine," strapped on the back of a horse
and carried to the railroad at Cisco. Dur
ing s this extraordinary t ride the . madman
managed to get hold of his knife, cut, the
rope which j bound him " to the horse and
made his escape, but was recaptured and
landed = at the Cisco station. Here -: Con
stable Keeley, • on i being : summoned from
Emigrant : Gap, .took , charge of '¦ the : prls
oner.-.whom he.was to bring to Auburn.'- ¦
- While i waiting - for A, the west-bound
frelffht.-Wilson. .who t was < sitting quietly
beside- the : Constable, ¦; suddenly-: Jumped
through the window: of the", waiting-room
and -made for the tall brush. •: ::¦;: : : . -r
"Keeley immediately gave the alarm and
with a posse started in pursuit. Darkness
had " arrived ¦' and i the 3 constable secured i a
lantern.'- He ; had - proceeded through . tha
snowsheds some distance when he saw his
man ; coming . toward . him. , • Keeley^ dodged
behind -. a.; timber f ; and > i>ounced^up>on tho
fugitive,: securing : him > with handcuffs.
The* man. was ; then brought 'here on a
freight ' train/; ' -|, »'> iCBwl' ill uHi teWWraftMrnl
i:Youn«[i Wilson claimed that he .-was once
railroaded * to f.the s asylum and declared
that t he I did , not : Intend - to ; have - the per
formance repeated. ; : After : an « official >. ex-"
amination as to his * sanity . before Acting
Judge *-'-. Nllon > he -• was '¦-. turned •¦*¦: over 4 to
Sheriff ' Keena \ to 1 be .taken to San ; Fran
cisco.?
INSANE MAN SEEKS '
TO /SECURE 1 LIBERTY
There will also be a mile relay race for
the schools of the Academic League, each
school being allowed to enter one team.
• The field day will ht open to all regis
tered amateurs. ' Entries will ¦< close Sep
tember 22. Medals will be presented for
first and second places. George '. James.
Herbert Hauser and John Elliott are the
committee In charge of arrangements.
Central High School— F. C. Plckett. ' Montana:
Butte High School— Miss E. W. Wynne; Mon
tana State University— U W. Wyne. New
York: Cornell University— Mrs. F. DeB. Calef;
Utlca Free Academy— C. E. . Weaver; Wood
bridge School— A. . O. L. Guise.
Oregon:- Portland High - School— Miss R." C.
Morse; Portland Academy— R. deC. Fisher;
Saint Helen's Hall— Miss I>. Wallenberg, Miss
N. Wollenberg. • \
Switzerland: ' Obere -'" Realschule. Basle— H.
Haas. Utah State - University— Miss : Ij. L>
Hewett. Washington State University— J. W.
Booth. Wisconsin . State University— Miss O.
A. Hecht. :¦¦- ' • ¦ ¦ ' : - : . ' ¦ .
' Colorado: •• Denver High School— A. " E. ¦ Saw
yer; , Colorado School of - Mines — T. J. Doug-las
Jr.,, Illinois ; * Freeport High i School — T. -- Kan
terbury. Indiana: IV'abash College— H. A.
West MassachUBetft: "Tufts College— T.'" A;
Mills : .Worcester Classical r High v School— Miss
B. G. Edward*. . * Michigan : - Grand -? Rapids
High School — B. i H. . Paddock ; Kalamasoo j High
School— w. T. Bonsor. Missouri: Tc^n«sj City
Admitted on California • State educational
diplomas— Miss W. I*. "... Blakemore; Miss M. L.
Kraft, T. H. ; McGulre, ( Mi«« T. M. Otto. • Miss
S. E. Poinie. ' ¦¦¦••- ' . .
Admitted on examination— Miss A. Adams,
W. H. Alderson, 8. C. AEblll. 8. I. Beaser. h!
C. Cheek,. H. T. Eloesser, F.McN. Hamilton,
J. A. Harrlii. P. Uzda;- O. B. Lynn. A. H.
Morobrcy,, H. A. Morrison, • R. . L. Me Williams.
W. R. Peck. 8. R. Symmes, M..Thelen, Miss
H. ' A. = Wade. . - "• -.-¦"•-. .-¦ . •" : ¦ ... ¦ --, .. • , . ¦ ¦
Vlsalia Hlrh School— Miss H. I*. Cross, A,
O. Jefferds. Miss. a F. McLean, Mlsa O. L.
Mosher, O. Orval, Miss N. A. Porue. -
Wateonville High School— F. H. Baxter. Miss
H. Fletcher. E. N. McCarthy. Miss R. Rad-
Cllff. ". '.'¦ •¦¦-./
Willows Hlrh School— Miss A. O. Dye. .
Winters High School— Miss M, McQ. Ritchie
A. Wolfskill. • ',--.- ' ¦¦ •' ¦• ¦ ¦
"Woodland Hich School— F. /A. IMclc.'-'. , T ¦--.
Treka High ¦ School— C. '. E. Butler, E. L.
Soule. > atyin ||lWftpO'*lly^B aB^»^a»«iWBBMiaM
Santa Paula Hlch School — "W. Kenney.
Santa Rosa High School — Mlsa O. Hopper.
Selzna High School— J. E. Roadhouse.
Stockton High School— F. Caprasecca, Miss
IT Chaoln, Miss M. A. Fitzgerald, MIes H. A.
Klershl, Miss M. E. Root. Miss E. S. Wetmore.
Tulare Hlch School — Miss A. L,. Savage, P.
M. Savace. N. G. 8mlth. Miss Z. I*, Zartman.
VacavllleHlch School— Miss A. Chubb, Miss
L. E. Gates, Miss O. M. Statler. W. C. Wood.
Ventura ¦ High , School— Miss M. ' C. Arnelll,
Miss B. McGulre. Mies I. Ward.
Santa Barbara High School— F. I* Johnrton,
Miss C. Leete. Mies E. V. Roop, T. A. Stod
dard. E. L. Sheffield.
Santa Clara Higrh School— Miss A. Merkner,
Miss E. Kelser, W. Raven.
Santa Cruz High School— Miia A. C. Blxley
Miss L. N. Bowman. F. L. Blxby A. M
Baldwin. Miss A. M. Clark, Miss E. £. Olover,
M. V. Lowry. ,
Santa Maria High School— Miss X* O.
Flelsher, Miss M. E. Moore, Mist E. Nlchol
son. Miss M. Twitchell.
£. P> JP°^ lei^ A - *• Baker. Miss C M. Colley,
Miss E. O. Davidson, Miss L. R. ir r ench C
II. Thomas.
Ban Jose Hlffh School— Mlts I* I* Musdo.
A. W. Nichols. Miss H. A. Staples.
San Jose State Normal School— Miss L. F
Bailey. Miss M. W. Barnett, Miss a. Rattan.
A. P. Sanborn.
Ban Luis Obiepo High School— Miss R, Mos
kowltz.
San Mateo, St. Matthew's School— H. R.
Judah. v
San Rafael' Hlch School— A. C. Blumenthal,
Mlt>s B. I. Forse, R. S. Roy, Z. C. Walker.
San Rafael, Mount Tamalpais Military Acad
emy—W. K. Kerr. H. S. Minor, H. H. Minor.
Santa Ana High School— Mlas L. F. 'Callings,
MIes E. E. Johnston.
Slats Again.
33
715 Market Bt. B.T. I Shattnck At, Ferkeley
snh & Was-h'n. Oak Central Atb, Alameda
.th& Wood. Oak. J 59 1st Street, San Jose.
Fancy Creamery Butter
The nsiuil fiae ,.«„«-.«. «Q«
quality of Diamond Square 30C
Eprinc Red Pool and Humboldt
creameries. Guaranteed.
Monday and Tuesday
Bromangelon pkg. ioc
A p»^-k«(re makes one pbS or the
most delicious dessert jelly. Once
tried, alwaye used. Regular 2-2oo.
Dr. Price's Baking Powder
Th» original cream — -,, M J .. „
bakia* powder. pOUnd 33C
Wu never known to falL Regular 43c
Edam Cheese large size 75c
Made in Holland. Put up In bladder*
to preeerre flavor and moisture-
Color, bright red. Usually S1.00.
New Eastern Codfish
SSSetoct. 4 pounds 25c
licgniar luc pound.
.Fresh Evaporated Cream
Cutter cup brand. „
Qcsllty guaranteed. ua.H 5c
Vvr it same a.« fresh mflk.
' Regular 3 for 25a
Duffy's Malt Whiskey
Medicinal use. bottle 75c
Baldwin's Brandy
B^tled^fsanAnit. bottle 9OC
vineyard, lialdwin's famous ranch.
Only half the price of Hennessy or
Mjtrteils, acd claimed superior to
any of these br&nds. Regular £1.25.
Old Crow Whiskey " 189<r
gggrgSF** bottle~ 95 c
Aged and matured la bon<l .
Cork&cew f roe with each bottle.
Eclipse Champagne .
BGennine Arpad • n 11 fl TT fnp
HaraEZthy's. qua IT JOC
S oarkliiig-f xtra dry; ni n r -2 cr
Monday »nd Tuesday. P mt 3O C
Reisling Wine.tgallon 35c
1884 Vintage. Clear and well matured.
6t. Helen* Vineyard. Eesnlar GOo.
'C^w -lnsomrii?i bv to-kino"
ItAMPLB SBHT ON joHllSOll^S DlgCStlVC \
. APPLICATION TO . C^ 4
Brunswick *T* <J4. a YT\ * 4 \ ¦¦ h
phan^caico., 1 ablets {PapoidsY IThe New Jersey Bureau of Statistics has
issued & circular showing increases in,
wages for 1S99 as averaging 9.5 per cent.
In Iron and steel 'the advance was abovo
the average.
The time has passed when any old
clothes that a traveler might possess were
accounted good enough for an ocean voy
age. Indeed, the dressing of passengrers
on some ocean liners has recently become
so elaborate that persona looking for ease
and informality are alarmed at the rapid
ity with which the former ideas on this
subject a^e changing.
"I crossed on one of the big ocean liners
in May," said a New Yorker who had Just
returned from Europe, "and three-quar
ters of the men on board put on evening 1
dress for dinner. The crowd on board was
made for the most part of New Yorkers
and amonsr them were a number more or
less conspicuous in society. My first im
pulse after the first night at dinner was
to follow the example of others and put
on evening dress the next night. But I
thought the matter over and decided that
I wctuld travel as I always had and at
tempt nothing absurd. Besides. I thought
that the number of men in evening dress
might be considerably reduced. But my
hope was not realized. It was the Eng
lish, who boast of their common sensee
method of traveling, who began this thinsr.
The first men I ever saw in evening dres3
on a steamer were two young Englishmen
on their way to this country. And dress
ing is still more elaborate on those steam
ers patronized by the English."— New
York Sun.
Dress on Ocean Steamers.
TAXATION-C. B. W., Ban Jose . Cal
Government bonds* are not ¦• taxable
money on hand^ or in bank and ¦ railroad
bonds are taxable. ; A • taxpayer who re
fuses to answer quesUons as to his prop
erty incurs the penalty , of having an ar
bitrary assessment • placed against him
He must tell what he owns, but he neTd
notetate the value. i J,
INSECTS ON CHICKENS-W.. DUori
Cal. Prevention is better than cure In the
matter. of insects on' chickens.-, To prevent
such r from , getting . &n ; chickens, there
should be cleanliness in roostinir > nlaoox
and is nests which should . be rwhltewashld
w u lth ,a°t llm , e »«veral times a y^rJrblvt
should- be plenty ; of yard <room, v in 1 which
there > should ; be slacked lime, dry ashes
WAGES— A. i S., ' Gaa Point. Cal. If a
man engages to work ; for another by the
month wages commence from the time he
starts -until' the: same date the following
month, but not including: it. For Instance
if he went= to work August 6 his month
would terminate with the night of SeD
tember, 5. :______ y
BLACK SAND— Nellie Poatofflce, San
Diego,"', Cal. j Gold .-*nd magnetic Jrcn are
found; in blacks sand.- Gold is found in
the blade- sand that is taken from river
beds, but is not found in.b!aek sand taken
from the ocean -beach. - unless it • is flo-iV
gold than has washed down from ' tho
riversand settled. there. •
MICPIAEL REESE-H. J., City. This
department has no means of ascertaining
if there was any truth in the statement
made in: relation to Michael Reese, as to
an occurrence alleged to have taken place
twenty-two years . ago in Budapest.
.GERMANY AND SPAIN— Subscriber.
City. The area . of the German empire,
not including Alsace and Lorraine, la
203,227 English : square miles; that of Al
sace and Lorraine is 5603 square 'miles.
That of Spain is 197.670 square miles.
ver mine tailings Is that # of ' Dr. Al
Scheidel, which is published, and may be
had rat the State Mining Bureau in the
ferry building, San Francisco. .- ; 4
WORKING MINE TAILINGS-N., Cal.
The best method of working gold and sil-
COAL ON STEAMERS— W. G. S., City.
Steamers of the trans-Atlantic lines burn
from 200 to 300 tons of coal In twenty-four
hours during a voyage. A vessel like the
Umbria burns twelve tons of coal per
hour.
RELIABILITY, OF FIRMS— A. S..
Camptonville, Cal. A person desiring to
ascertain something about the reliability
of firms or business institutions should
communicate with any of the mercantile
agencies. • .
FITZSIMMONS AND RUHLIN-S., Iron
Mountain, Cal. The records of both men
fail to Bhow that Fitzslmmons and Ruh
lin aver met in the. ring prior to August
io, 1900. :
CO-OPERATIVE HOMES— M. Q., Sac
ramento, Cal. There are two co-opera
tive homes for working girls in San Fran
cisco, one at .645 Folsom street and the
other at 4 Vernon place.
WELTMERISM— W. A. C, Ashland, Or.
This department cannot furnish any more
on the Bubject of "Weltmerism" than
what has already been published in The
Call. • .
Knights Templar was opened in San
Francisco on the 20th of August," 1883.
SKAGGS SPRINGS-Following are the
guests registered at Skaggs Hot Springs,
Sonoma I County : > From San t Francisco —
George W. Harris, George J.Cashel,
Frank Ziffra, Mrs. A. J. Stimmel, Thomas
McKeon, James Connolly, R. E.i Scott,
R.' Levy, Edward J. Wren and wife. Miss
Julia Wren, Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Wetmore,
Mrs. Sundborg.rA. Scott; Ed- Wheeler and
wife,: J. * F. Dinan, Dr. B; F. ; Alden, Frank
T. Bowers, M.L. Davis, Mrs. J.-W. Davis,
Fred Urquhart. Dr. C- E. : Parent, 'W. .L.
Martin, D. R. Ilaile. J. P.; H."- Wentworth,
Martin Walsh, ; Mrs. Mary. A. 'Bulger. Miss
Anna Bulger, -Herman -jFrankel, Teddy
Morris, I Elkan Pincus.' F.. L. . Lange, Miss
Adele Boyken, L. Barrere, E. A. Kolb; M.
Neely, Adolph • Neese and - wife,"; Thomas
Kelly; and wife, s Fred 1 C. : Peters, . M. L.~
•Tierney,- W^Wieboldt" and wifey« J.-W,
Northup. J. A.v Abbott." ,T. P. Smith; Mrs.
Josephine ;. Lansing, ; M. •• Lewis. • Mr.,; and
'Mrs. John G. Burness, t J. ¦ W.* Schmitz, ¦ D.
AV. Fisher, Mrs.; E.;E. Drake, J.E.Bvrne
and'wife," Mrs. "i Thomas .: L. Hill. From
Oakland— P.Bocqueraas. A: T. McDonough.
M.V-L.- Schleuter, :II. N.: Sloper,-Mr. ;and
Mn. ,W. H. Gillard, Mr.' and Mrs. G. W.
Fisher, Miss > BerritatM. 1 Fisher. :A. r L.
White, Mrs.* James ,- Presho.,; From s Santa
Rosa— Frank P. Graced H." G; Hahman and
wife. rFrom Healdsburg— A.s L. Team ' and"
wife,: Dr.; Jesse ;R. ; Powell, Miss Denio.'O.
F.i Fletcher, Miss Mitchell.^Wilber Osborn,
A. W, ; Garrett] and.wife; H.vB.V Baker.
PASO ROBLES— Arrivals during «the
past week at Paso Rubles include: H. G.
Platt, James Stewart and wife.S. C.
Smith. S. Lichtig, 8/ Shirek, Joseph- H.-
Clark, M. H. Avery, Henry, Sirrenberg,
Mrs. Frank Johnson and son, L. Aaron,
H. J. Johnson, B. Ross, E. McCraith,
Mrs. E. Guittard and daughter, W. C.
Pavey , Fred R. | Koening, Mrs. L. Wood
ward. B. S. Winston, S. E. Epler, Joseph
Rosenberg, A. Goldstein, William Davis,
H. W. Dlggs, Mrs.K. M. Diggs, B. L.
Haywood. Peter Starkie, John C. Quinn,
S. S. Simons, Charles Leter.W.H. King,
Mrs. Harr Wagner and child; O. N. Hall,
Syi. Coblentz, John C. \Vunder and wife,
G. B. Ferguson, San Francisco; Fred A.
Tanner. W. ' J. Leet. H.- Lion, C. M. Lori
ean. San Jose. It. J. Trimble, New York;
Frank Scheeler, Madera; Frank M.-Gll
crist, Oakland; Charles Kohn, Portland.
BLUE LAKES— The following guests
registered at Blue Lakes during the past
week: Mrs. P. H. McDonald, J. W. Wa
ierman, Adelaide M. Samuels, May J. Mc-
Donald. Kate McDhnald, ¦ Harry' McDon
ald,- Mrs. J. H. /Waterman, E. T. Russeil
nnd wife. L. K. Carrhiehacl and wife, L.
T. Samuels, M. A. Litfltt, Oscar L. Frank,
Harry Lazarus, Arthur Eaton. Fred D.
G. West, Dick Israel,- William R. Con
ners, San Francisco; J. Schumacher, W.
II. Weilbye and wife, J. L. Weilbye anl
wife, Oakland; Dr. C. F. Burgess, Middle
town; P. P. Greene and wife, A. W. B.
Seiser, W. E. Finn, St, Louis, Mo.
From San Leandro — J. Lebow, C. M. Mor
ris. A. P. Morris, W. Ryan, A. Rogers,
Mrs. A. Rogers. From Berkeley— J. Hel
lantenstrim. From San Rafael— L. Carri
gan. From Angels — F. E. Benton, Mrs.
F. E. Benton. From Stockton— Frank Al
den, Mrs. M. Nelson and child; From Mo
depto—William H. Palmer. John Law
rence. From Hallf moon Bay— M. Fran
cis. From Merced— J. Lawrence. From
Alameda— A. B. Hunt, Mrs. A. B. Hunt.
From Antioch— Fritz Berger, Robert
Bemfree. From Grass Valley— Thomas
Garland. From Los Angeles— A. Berg.
From Orovllle — J. McGee. From Hay
wards— W. F. Darling. From Rockville—
William Ryan. From Auburn— J. M.
White. From Llvermore— Mrs. J. Sween
ey. From Sacramonto — E. L. Kripp, II.
C. Hotfilter. From Larkspur— E. Escalle,
Mrs. E. Escalle. From Portland— F. J.
Anderson. •
Mrs. C. Rahn and daughter, have left
on a pleasure trip to Mexico.
Miss Etta Rush will return to her home
in Sacramento on Monday next after hav
ing spent a delightful few weeks with her
aunt and uncle, Mr. and Mrs. A. Rush of
this city.
Mrs. H. Wollenberg and the Misses Wol
lenberg of Roseburg, Or.,, are at the Gra
nada.
J. Wilzinski of Visalia is In the city to
attend the wedding of his niece, Miss
Frances Wilzinski.
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Oscar Burns. (net
Teresi) are here on a brief .viBit. They
are spending the summer very delight
fully at their mountain home. Burns
Villa, Sonoma County. ¦ .
Miss Tillie Ohlandt has left for South
ern California. She la chaperoned by Mr.
and Mrs. J. C. Ohlandt.
Arnold Pollak is about to return to New
York after a three weeks' sojourn on the
Frank jTorreto of this city will shortly
leave for an extended tour to Europe and
Africa, and intends to be gone about one
J< The Misses Quick have discontinued
their day at home until .the third Monday
in October.
Mrs. Alexander Rummelsburg and fam
ily of Duifntgan, Yolo County, are in town
for a few weeks' stay.
State Treasurer Truman Reeves is at
the Ramona for a few days, where his
wife and daughter have apartments for
the summer. ¦ _ M
Miss Florence Lussey ha* returned from
Mount View Hotel. Ross Valley. ¦„¦
J. C. Klein of the New York Herald,
late correspondent at Nome, is a guest
at Byron Hot Springs. -y '..'-
At the Besorts.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS— The fol
lowing guests registered at the California
Hot Springs during the past week: Mrs.
Mary D. Bird, Miss Bessie. McMahon,
James McMahon, E. R. -Myrick, Theo
Relchert and wife, -Miss Laura Welker,
Miss Bessie Bradley, Miss Alice Power,
Mrs. Joseph Goodridge.Mrs.^D. G. Blanch
ard. Dr. Gilbert F. Graham, San Francis
co; Frank - P. ' Burris. Santa Rosa;- Misa
Dora Burris.' Miss Nat Haraszthy, Miss
Lolita Haraszthy, Miss Th^o Bates,, Mrs.
McMullin. Bert Jones, Mrs.", Haraszthy,
Sonoma; Mr. Tonnellier, New ; York; Mr.
Dendesh, New Jersey.
CARLSBAD— The following guests reg
istered at Carlsbad Springs, during the
past week: 8. Campbell. P.. Fanning and
wife./Charles Steuart. J. ;Read. Miss K.
Gaddy, Miss J. Gaddy, H. J. Oakly,
Charles Cahill and wife, Mlsa -Josie ; An
derson. Miss Nellie Hardman, James Cor
nell.. San Francisco; Miss-C. Clancy,
James H. Dunham,, John Morris; Frank
Hartman,- Oakland; W.- J.- Wheaton. H.
Eggerfi, Jacob Myers, Raleigh .Treigero,
Los Gatos; H. J. Litzberg, : Phoebe Litz
berg, Sacramento. -¦ . '. .:.-. . .-.¦;• ,•?, . $•
- THE GEYSERS— The list of arrivals at
the Geyser Springs for the_past week In
clude: Milton F. J. Clark, Frederick Zech
Jr. and wife, W. M. Burnop and wife;
MIkr C.-L.> Gearon, Miss .: M. L. Harney,
San Francisco ;¦ S.^ Grogan, .W.^S.. Gilbert
F, Krauskopf, D. G. Sumner; Santa" Rosa;
S. D. Robinson and wife," E. 0. Robinson
Napa City; ;W. J. MacXeilh Charles E.
Putnam,^ Petaluma; Walter Gibbons, Clo
verdale; Mrs. J. . R. • Grant." Chapman
Grant,- Miss Nellie - Grant, San Diego-
Charles ,Tamagni, ' Kellogg; ; C. A. Sund'
Los Gates; R. . Jandlr and • wife.* Alameda;
Adolph Leitz'and wife- San : Rafael ;C.*R
Weinmann.i-Benleia;.? James » Keith,'- San
Andreas; Alfonso Tomasl, n Virginia Toma
si,"EdaTomasi;Bodega.v .' ; -
MISS CELIA TOBIN, /\ FAIR : .SAN, FRANCISCAN.
granddaughter. Miss Mary Loorya, at 631
Stevenson street.
A Polish prince, who lives In a spIendM
house on the Avenue du Bols de Boulogne,
Paris, used to be set down by his ac
quaintances as a miser because he never
entertained. Last winter lifty of his
friends were astonished by an invitatron
from him to dinner. They went, and sat
down % to a magnificent feast in a huge
room, one end of which was covered by
a great screen of white silk. Oysters were
served on beds of powdered Ice, when sud
denly the electric lamps died away, and on
a screen flashed out a living picture of
women standing shivering knee-deep in
freezing water, picking oysters from the
rocks. With the fish course a smack waa
seen pitching so heavily that the guests
cried in terror. "Oh. they will be
drowned!" Men and women next appeared
working in the vineyards on a wet. misty
day. ankle-deep in gray slush. With every
magnificent course fre*h scenes of misery
passed in silence before the saddened
guests. The Prince had revenged himself
for their cruel remark*, but at an esti
mated cost of over 120,000.
for Magnificent Dinners.
Living in Paris Broke AllCRscortU
POLISH PRINCE.
On the evening of the 14th inst. Miss
Lizzie Lomrae. a prominent member of
J..<>y3l Circle. Companions of the Forest.
was united m matrimony to Carl A.
SchneidT of Court Oak Grove of the
Ancient Order of Foresters. Mis* Hattie
Ccyle wait the bridesmaid and Harry
Lemme the best man. The hride wore- a
gown of dove-colored eachmer" trimmed
with white lace and orange blossom*. The
young couple w*>re the recipients of many
Wautlful pr^s^nts. They have gone t<>
Fcrest Grovo in the Santa Cr<iz Moun
tains for a few weeks, and on their re
turn will malte their home in this city.
ThoF<* who attended the wedding were:
Mr. and Mrs. C Schneider. Mr. and Mrs.
Wedding Bells.
Thr enfrap^mpnt is announced of Miss
Florence Ixiewenberg to Leon Jacobs.
They will receive August' 2S from 2 to 5
p. m. at their residence. 10*3 O'Farrell
street.
The reception in honor of the engage
ment, which had been previously an
nounced, of Miss Mary Loora and Samuel
Horowitz will take place on Sunday Aug.
tivt 26. They will receive their friends at
uil STevnson ttreet.
Mrs. M. Jacobs announces the enpa?e
ni'-nt of her daughter Ray to Emil Wein
berp of thi« (ity. They will receive on
Sunday, September 2, at 981 Golden Gate
avf nuc.
Mr. and Mr*. W. C. Houehin announce
thjp enfagement of their daughter Irene
to Arthur J. Wixe of Vancouver. B. C.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Morris announce the en
ea?err.«-m of their daughter Nettie to
Louis Ettline.
They're Engaged.
5OCIETT centered at Del Monte dur-
Ir.g the past week, the occasion be
ing a week of sports, -which marked
the annual outing of the Pacific
Coast Pony Racing and Steeplechase As
sociation. Each day has had its regular
programme of popular snorts and in the
evening there has been music and danc
ing.
Walter Hobart drove his handsome
road coach "Del Monte" from the Hotel
del Mcnte over the seventeen-mile drive on
Wednesday. Among those who enjoyed
the trip were Miss Elia Morgan, Miss
Elsie Sperry, Miss Cadwaiader. Miss Jos-
Mi?s Murphy, the Misses Harvev.
Peter D Martin, J. Downey Harvey,
Charles Dunphy and Robert Bettner.
Mr and Mrs. William Graham Richard
fon have rent out invitations lor the wed
cing of their daughter. Miss Madeline
Richardson, to Robert Arthur Macon
dray at Trinity Episcopal Church on
Tuesday evening, August 28, at half -past
8 o clock.
The marriage of Miss Irma 6. Rot v 
child, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. M
Rothchild. 1700 Broadway, to Louis A
Kohn of Chicago takes place on Wednes
day, August 11. at half-past 6 o'clock at
the family residence. The wedding will
be Ftricrly a family affair owing to a re
cent btrcavement. The young couple will
make their future home in Chicago.
MINK SIGNALS-^, w.. Sacramento,
Cal. An act establishing a uniform sys
tem of bell signals to be used In all mlnsa
operated In the State of California waa
approved March 8. 1893. and Is to be found
in the Statutes of 1S03. The code is as
follows:, One bell, to hoist: 1 bell, to step
if in motion; 2 bells, to lower; 3 bells,
man to be hoisted, run slow; 4 bells, start
pump if not running, or stop pump if
running; 1—3 bells, start or stop air com
pressor; & bells, send down tools; C belh».
send down timbers; 7 bells accident, movs
bucket or cage by verbal orders only; 1—4
bells, foreman wanted; 2—1—1 bells, done
hoisting until called; 2— 1—2, bells, dona
hoisting for the day; 2—2—2 bells, change
buckets from ore to water, or vice versa;
3— 2— 1 bells, ready to shoot In the sha't.
Engineer's signal, that he is ready to
hoist, is to raise the bucket or cage two
feet and lower it again. These signals are
governed by certain rules laid down in thj
law. You can obtain a copy of the iaw by
communicating with the State MInins
Bureau, this city.
the custom or wearing that flower. The
term then in use, "his Jlgff and his jeaa
amy, doubtless meant . hla tiMrtlng
daughter and frivolous son. Mr. Jessamy
was a name clven to a fop In the once
popular comic opera of "Lionel and Clar
issa, by Isaac Bickerstaff, brought out
at Covent Garden In 176S. In the London
Times or January 6. 1S72, I« mads mention
of Mary Horneck being Goldsmith's Jess
amy bride. It is posaibl© that he ussd
that term instead of using th« term
"frivolous bride."
T 'About 'i atcentury ago "Jessamy" was a
common contraction of Jessamine and at
that > time "Jessamine sprig" • was ¦ an
equivalent for * a dandy, no doubt from
jJESSAMY BRIDE-^-D. H. 8.. City. This
correspondent asks: "what did Oliver
Goldsmith ¦ mean . by calling Mary Horn
eck.hls 'Jessamy bride?'"- - ¦
FRIGATE CONSTITUTIOM-A Reader
Guerneville, Cal. The frigate Constitu
tion.('/Old Ironsides") -was one of the six
frigates the building of which Congress
authorized March 27. 17W. She wag built
at Charlestown, Mass., in 1797. In 1813 she
was repaired and went into service again
Since then she has had more or less re
pairs, every now and then. Many years
ago the Government contemplated break
ing up the old vesgel and pelting her tim
ber, but the poem, "Old Ironsides," by
Oliver Wendell Holmes, had such an fti
fluonc*. on the public mind that there was
an appeal to the. Navy Department and
the vessel -was • sav«d. . She is now in or
dinary at Boston. Mass.
"TO ESTABLISH A POSTOFFICE-F. of
the. C, City. In order to have a postofflce
cetabllshed.it ia necessary that a petition
be prepared and signed by all the resi
dents of the territory In which It la sought
to have the office located. There must ac
company this certain facts: ' Namely, the
location; how far distant from the nearest
Post office; number of, persons who would
bo benefited by -the new office; how far
from the nearest : . railroad, steamer or
stage line: also the probable cost of trans
portation of - the mail; from nearest dis
tributing offics; 'This should then be sent
to John L. Brisrow, fourth asplstant Post
master General. Washington, D. C.
THE POTATO-A. S., Madera, Cal.
There la a diversity of opinion as to
where potatoes were first discovered by
Europeans, but all seem to apree that the
tuber is a native of America. Some say
a native of Chile or Peru and others of
tho mountainous districts of tropical or
subtropical America.- Potatoes were car
ried by Sir John Wamkins to England In
1565 from Santa Fe do Bo^eta, where they
were found Rrowinpr wild nt an elevation
of from S00O to 13,000 feet above the ocean
level In valleys surrounded by high moun
tains and above, the range of Indian corn.
BOYS AT MARE ISLAND— Subscriber.
Pinole, and C. D. F., Mountain View, Cal.
To secure employment for boys at the
ravy yard. Mare Island," the' boys, who
must be not less than 14 and not more
than 17, have to be : registered .at the
bureau of employment of labor at the
yardf; The registration of "boys" is con
fined exclusively to boys to be employed
on manual labor . not suitable for men.
Boys who work In the yard are not "en
listed the same as in the navy." Parents
or guardians dfslring such employment
should communicate with the secretary of
the board for additional Information.
WEARING A DISGUISE— D. G. A.,
Slate Range, Cal. Under the law of Cali
fornia it is a misdemeanor, punishable by
a fine not exceeding tfOO or Imprisonment
for six months, to "wear a mask, false
whiskers or any personal disguise, par
tial or complete, for the purpose of evad
ing or escaping detection, discovery, rec
ognition or identification in the commis
sion of any public offense; or to be used
in concealment, flight or escape when
charged . with, arrested for, or convicted
of any public offense."
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS— W. O.
B. and N. N.. City. The Board of Public
Works under the present charter in San
Francisco was appointed as follows:
One Commissioner for three years, one
for two years and one for one year. Col
onel Mendell was appointed for three
years. After the term of each of the
present Commissioners shall expire, his
successor will be appointed for three
years. The number of laborers employed
by the board varies daily, but the average
is twenty.
DIAMONDS— R, D. G., Sacramento,
Cal. If you leave the tTnited. States for
a visit to a foreign country, while there
purchase a diamond ring and wear the
same on your finger upon your return to
this country you will not have to pay
duty upon It, If the value does not ex
ceed $100. If you leave the United States
for a visit to a foreign country and carry
away diamonds or personal adornment
and return with the same you will not
have to pay any duty on such "on your
return.
WITNESSES-J. S.. City. When an
alien who has declared his Intentions to
become a citizen applies for his second
papers he must proAce two reputable
witnesses who can testify as to his resi
dence; in the United States for a period
of five years at least, next preceding 1 , the
application: residence in the State and
pood, moral charatcter. These witnesses
need not be citizens of the United States.
HIGH SCHOOLS— S. City. At the close
of the school year 1S99, there were in the
State of California 113 high schools, with
495 teachers. 259 men and 236 women. Dur
ing the succeeding year some new districts
were organized, but as all the reports are
not yet in, it is impossible to give at thl9
time the exact figures as to the number of
high schools and teachers at the close
of the school year, June 30, 1900.
LELAND STANFORD— G. E.. City.
When the late Leland Stanford wa3 alive
he was referred to in print and in talk
as "Governor Stanford" and ¦ "Senator
Stanford," he being entitled to each title,
but he was more frequently referred to
as "Senator" for the reason that that
was the highest position he filled.
CENSUS ENUMERATORS-^. C,
Stockton, Cal. If you desire to know why
two census enumerators have received
their pay and others have not you will
have to write to the Census Bureau at
Washington, D. C, and give particulars,
which you do not in your letter of in
quiry.
and sand well mixed in which they can
roll and they will scon free themselves of
the insects. It is said that sulphur thor
oughly dusted Into the roots of the feath
ers by means of an insect powder blower,
and spread over the entire skin twice or
three times will remove the troublesome
insects.
The following: Pacific Coast people
smiled for Europe on tbe Hamburg--Ameri
can line new express steamer Deutschlarid
Sailed rAway.
A five-act farce entitled "Cupid's Tri
umph" will be pi%'en in Hinman's Music
Hall, .corner of Howard and Twenty-first
streets, on August 24 for the benefit of the
Trinity Presbyterian Sunday-school.
The 1900 Club will giveJts opening party
of the season, a bonbon eotillon, at Union
square Hall on Thursday evening. August
Mr. and Mrs. P. H. Hirschfeld* will be
pleased to see their friends at 1309 Eddy
street August 26, from 2 to. 5 p. m.,' in
honor of their twenty-fifth marriage «iii
nlvereary. , , ¦ •
In the Future.
The Mission Reading and Literary Club
was entertained at the beautiful residence
of Mrs. E. T. Crane at San Lorenzo on
Thursday, August 4. Carriages awaited
the members of the club on the arrival of
the 11 o'clock train from this city and
conveyed them to the house, where sev
eral other guests ¦were assembled and a
bounteous luncheon was prepared. The
usual literary exercises occupied the af
ternoon. Quotations from Shakespeare
were also In order. Vo<*al selections were
pleasingly rendered bv Mrs. F. F. Pear=e
and Miss E. Smyth. A profusion of roses
and other flowers decorated the rooms,
through which the guests wandered at
pleasure. Among those present were:
Mrs. Colonel H. Burns, president; Mrs
Dr. Cook, vice . president; Mrs. C. T
Crane, Mrs. Norton, Mrs. F. J. Moore
Mrs. T. A. Farless, Mrs. T. Morin, Mrs.
W. ¦ A, Hewett. Mrs. E. J. Kemp, Mrs
Wilkins de Winton, Mrs. Louderback,
Mrs. J. Utching, Mrs. Berkhead, ¦' Mrs.
Blackwood, Mrs. C. B. RuBsell, Mrs,
Chamberlain, Mrs. F. F. Pearse and Miss
E. Smyth.
A very pleasant and enjoyable birthday
surprise party was tendered to Mrs. Rob
erts of the Pcrter-Lux Kindergarten on
Monday, August 13. by the mothers of the
little ones attending the kindergarten.
The ladles were highly entertained by the
sweet singing of Mrs. Roberts and her
daughter. Miss Xena, and a recitation by
Miss Crulgbn. Among those present were:
Mesdames Simmons, F.. Martin, A. John
son. Duke. Wigple. Sandlein. Rockwell, E.
Sully. W. Bookstaver. C. Lingcnfelser and
Miss Cra'gon, .
The members of«the Heineckc Pinochle
and Minflrel Club enjoyed a trolley ride
last Friday evening. The start was
made at 8 o'clock from Market and Eighth
streets, the first run being to Ingleside,
vlif-re fifteen minutes was allowed for re
frerhments. From Ingleslde the party
rode to North Beach and from the beach
to th«» Cliff House, where a banquet and
entertainment were given to a large num
ber of the friends of the members. James
L. Nagl<? and John J. Bradley acted as
end men at the minstrel show which was
part of the entertainment. John J. Hoar
rendered several ragtime selections, and
the club'* quartet, Paul Heinecke, Al R.
Steinbring. John Bradley and Henry
Beretind. rendered "Down in the Corn
field." At midnight the revelers started
on their homeward journey.
Club Parties.
On Saturday evening Wegner Villa was
the Bcene of a garden party under the
direction of Mrs. Wegner, assisted by
Mrs. Duncan, Mrs. Dr. O'Donnell, Mrs.
Carroll and Mrs. Barry. . Hundreds of
Chinese lanterns were ablaze among the
ferns, flowers and bunting that adorned
the various booth*. A splendid programme
was presented and among those partici
pating were: Mr. W. H. Hynes, Mr.
Thomas Hickey. Professor Jagatlinc and
Mr. William O'Brien, all of San Fran
cisco, and Mrs. Empown of Sonoma Coun
ty. Dancing was indulged In until a late
hour, when refreshments were served.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Julius Wegner, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Mo
ran. Mrs. Matthews, Dr. and Mrs. C. C.
O'Donnell, Mrs. K. Duncan, Miss Finn,
Mrs. Murphy. Miss Minna, Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. Callahan, Mr. and Mr3. Hagan, Mrs.
T. Barry, Mrs. Empown, Mrs. : Dinan,
Miss Dinan. Mrs. Fry, Miss Fry, Miss
Gummer, Misses Ping, Miss Emma Sulli
van, Misses Elizabeth and Grace Sullivan,'
the Misses Marie and Anita Coblne, Mrs.
Bird. Miss Bird. Miss Hart, Miss Haderly.
Miss A. Fennell, Miss Caminetti. Dr. Ed
Finn, James Haderly, Don Ryan, J.
Mitchell. J. O'Brien, E. McShane. II.
Martin, Miss Annie Fennell. M. Maglone,
L. Kearny, Mr. Ping, W. Jones, T. Ma
hon. William McGill. T. Frazer, Mas
ters Mervyn and Harry Callahan, Mas
ter Willie Sullivan, Masters C. Barry and
II. Duncan, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Sullivan
and MY. and Mrs. J. Corbin.
A surprise theater party was tendered
to Miss Rose Lebenoaum prior to her
departure for Europe on last Saturday
evening. Supper was served at the young
lady's residence after the perforrnance-
Those present were: Mrs. L. Lebenbaum,
the Misses Rose Lebenbaum, Paula Weil,
Miriam Meyerfehl, Jeanette Groeschei,
Stella Hertz. Meta Block. Irene Enkle
and Selma Schoenholz, Messrs. Al Mey
erfeld,- Leo Lebenbaum, Fred Lebenbaum,
Paul Lebenbaum. Will Kutz, Herbert
Meyerfeld. James Degan, MertH Blum
and Dr. R. B. Seheler.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
given to Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Elliott at
their residence, C22 Taylor street, Satur
day evening, August 11. in honor of their
tilth anniversary (wooden wedding). The
home was prettily decorated for the oc
casion and the evening was spent in sing
ing and games until midnignt. wnen an
elaborate supper was served. Among
thoee r>re?ent were: Mr. and Mrs. Hard
ing of Suisun, Mr. and Mrs. Me Williams,
Mr. and Mrs. Eddeibottle, Miss Lantz of
Honcut, Mrs. L. Stetson, Miss Trix
Giebel. Miss Sophie Giebel, W. Near, L.
Harris.
Mr. and* Mrs. James A. Sorenson enter
tained a number of their friends at their
residence, 561A Natoma street, last
Sunday afternoon and evening, in honor
of the christening of their son, Leslie.
The house was prettily decorated, and an
enjoyable time was passed in music, danc
ing, singing and games. Supper was
served at 6 p. m. and then again at mid
night. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. James A. Sorenson, Mr. and
Mrs. P. Iversen, Mr. and Mrs. J. Jacob
sen. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Voger, Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Larsen. Mr. and Mrs. T.
MIkkelsen, George Nielsen, Mrs. Chris
Hansen of Petaluma, Miss Agnes Hansen
of Petaluma, Mr. and Mrs. Theo. Oversen,
Mr. and Mrs. N. J. Nielsen, John Jen
sen, S. Nielsen. Mrs, C. P. BJadt of San
Lorenzo, Miss K. Frederikscn, Mrs.
Charles O'Connor, Miss Kittle Kingston,
Miss Lillian O'Connor. Miss Ora Iversen.
Andrew Johnsen. Mrs. Karstem-en of
Oakland, Mr. and Mrs. Jensen, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Larsen, Miss S. Anderson.
Home Gatherings.
H. L. Lemme, Mr. and Mrs. Louden of
Alameda, Mr. and Mrs. J. Sauer, Mr. and
Mrs. Hinklc Mr. and Mrs. E. Mockel,
Mrs. Henry Veversen. Mrs. E. Crawford,
Mrs. E. Google. Mrs. M. Peterson. Misses
Sadie Overaekor. Hattie roc-Rle, Katie
Mockel, Edna Sauer, Addie Peterson, Liz
zie Sauer. Messrs. J. H. Lemme, Arthur
I^emme. Harry Lemme. Harrv Overacker,
Frank Louder, M. Blum and M. Bartz. '
Nathan Ney and Mrs. Gt-orgine Faulk
ner were married on August 9 in Oakland.
Mr. Ney is a famous hydropath of Ger
many. They have prone to Los Angeles to
spend their honeymoon.
• Alfred L. Myersteln of the firm of
Meyerstein Company, who has been ab
sent in the East for the past two months,
will return to this city to-night.
Mips Relda, better known as Miss Rose
Adler, will return home on a short visit
to her parents, 1935 California street. Miss
Adler has been in Paris several year3,
where she has made quite a reputation
for herself as a singer.
B. Wolf; the wool merchant of The
Dalles, Or., has just arrived here to at
tend the engagement reception of his
Mr. and Mrs, A. W. Wilson, with the
Misses Bessie and Bernice Wilson and
Master Alex Wilson, have Just completed
an extended tour of Norway, Sweden and
Northern Europe. The young people have
attended school in Paris for the last year
and a half and have now; settled down In
Dresden, Germany, for a course In 'music
and German. •¦¦••..••.
Mrs. N. A. Hirstel and daughter have
moved from 1921 Webster street to 2917
California street.
Mr. and Mrs: Philip Noyes Van Slyck
(formerly Edith Conley) have taken up
their residence at 616 Van Ness avenue.
Mrs. Leon Mayer, formerly Jennie Lach
man, of Reno, New, will receive . her
friend Thursdays at 1103 Laguna street.
Personals.
from New York August 8: Otto Kaiser,
Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Coddington,- Miss C.
Drunks H. Eickhoff, Mrs. G. Eickhoff.
Mrs. Adele Lauth, ¦ H. Stoecke. Captain
George Asmussen, Paul N. Petersen, Gus
Ketels. F. O. Jol»n3tone. On the Ham
r>urg-American line steamer Graf Wal
dersee from New York August 11: Ed
ward J. I. Woodward, A. Boesken and
wife. Master Albert Boesken. Miss Con
stance Boesken. Mrs. Samuel Jacobs,
Behrend Koehnke.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR— S.. City. The
twenty-second triennial conclave of the
ROUMANIA— E. L. P., San Leandro, Cal.
There is a United States Vice Consul Gen
eral, William G. Boxshall. at Bucharest,
the capital of Roumania.
ELECTION IN NEVADA— P., Vallejo,
Cal.« The State election in the State of
Nevada In 1878 fell on the 5th of Novem
ber. .
SUPERVISOR HELMS— G. V. W., City.
The late Supervisor Helms died on the
26th of last July.
OIL EXCHANGE— A. S.. Camptonville.
Cal. There is an oil exchange in opera
tion in San Francisco at this time.
ANSWERS TO '
. CORRESPONDENTS
. NO PREMIUM OFFERED— J. J., City.
No premium is offered for a cent of 1835.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS— I>ate ar
rivals at Klamath Hot Springs include:
Mr. and Mrs. Talbot. A. P. Macdee, Frank
Hodge, C. M. Reddesh. Alex V. Vogel
sang and wife, San Francisco; Mr. and
Mrs. J. M. Lyon and son, O. C. Rogers
and wife, Mrs. Charles F. Edson and
children, J. O. Frankenfield and wife,
James Cuzner, A. L. Bath, Los Angeles;
L. la Flamboy, Ashland, Wls.; W. S. Wil
son and party, Oro Fino; George M. Sen
ton and wife. Mrs. T. E. Pope. Mis? Alice
Hauxhurst. Miss C. Hauxhurst, Oakland ;
William Robinson,* Ely; George T. Bald
win. Klamath Falls; Ferdinand Gresez,
1 reka; W. IX Nunamaker. Dunsmutr;
Mtes Lottie "Woods, Effle Persons, Y reka;
W. E. Price, Redding; George Bcrger ami
wife, Eugene, Or.; Fred Young, J. A.' Ju
lien. Etna Mills; W. \V. Thompson. Miss
A. -Thompson^}. M. Lyman and wife and
child. Miss I.iAiken, Chicago; U W. Van
Horn, Virginia; D. Horn, Hornbrookf C.
B. Vandemark, Sacramento: J. C. Keys
and wife, E.' L. Hadegin, Stockton; Eras
tusi Persons, Fort Jones; Thomas Simons
and party, Tehama; N. E. Britt, New
berg, Or.; T N. W.Kincaid, Portland; L.
Newton, Hornbrook.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— The following
guests are registered at Byron Hot
Springs: From San Francisco— Charles
Mattheas, Mrs. M. A. Watorbury, Hugh
Kelly. J. Berg, R. D. Maloney, H. Ander
son. James Lawrence, H. L. Judell H
Brown, M. Cassell. J. J. Hintz. Miss Rose
Steinhart, Mrs. Mary Fisher, C. B. Green,
W. A. Smith, M. Tierney and wife, C M
Hunter. Miss M. Dalliba. H. W. Rilev,
Mrs. H. .L. Judell. S. B. Rothenberg. F.
Butler and wife, Mrs. J. J. Hintz, Mrs.
William Stelnhart. From Oakland— Mrs.
I... Ivey, Mrs. W. P. Torey. Joseph Bloom,
Master K. Kern, Miss Edith Emigh, Mrs.
C. E. Kern. Mrs/F. B. Hach, F. B. Hach.
g Two hundred Los Angeles Shriners
made an excursion to Coronado Friday for
a several days' stay at Hotel del Corona
do. Friday evening a banquet and grand
ball were piven in the visitors' honor.
B. F. Maddox of Visalia arrived at
Oamp Coronado Tuesday.
. Mr. and -Mrs. C. D. Hayward and Mr.
and Mrs. J. F. Johnson of Redwood City
are spending August at Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Duncan of Los An
geles chartered the yacht Mephlsto Mon
day and gave an excursion to Coronado
Island from Camp Coronado. '
W. D. K. Gibson has returned to San
Francisco after a visit with his family
at this resort.
Mrs. Frank S. Hicks gave a very pretty
party Saturday, followed by a/ trolley ride,
in honor of her daughter. Elizabeth. .
-¦ Drs. Barkan, Stanley Stillman and Hen
ry Gibbons Jr. of San Francisco have
been at Coronado for some time past en
joying the excellent swimming ana fishing
of the resort. .
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. McFie and family
are among the prominent Los Angelenos
at Hotel del Coronado for the summer
months. *¦ - V-- -'
Mrs. John C. Healey ' gave a ' luncheon
Tuesday for Mrs. ; James Lockett of San
Francisco and Mrs. Clark of Walla Walla.
; A. «B. Gomez-Casseres , of. Jamaica gave
a luncheon Sunday in honor of Judge and
Mrs.'J. "Wade MaoDonald. ;'
CORONADO-rGovernor N. O. Murphy
of Arizona, Mrs. Murphy and Paul Mur
phy are at Coronado on a summer cut
ins., sruests at Hotel del Coronado. .•
From Petaluma— G. J. Armstrong:, N. W.
Scudder, G. R. Church. , From Ban Rafael
— W.S. Taylor.- From Antioch— T. P.
Shine. -' From Sebastopol — E.- Schirmer.
From Ornhaum— M. E. Ornbaum'. From
Samuel's Ranch— Gell Nobles. From Lyt
ton. Springs— J, P. Guerln. From Hay
wards—Frank Hoffleng.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST. 19, 1900.
34
SOCIETY
-_^ w . '___ ; : ADVEBTISEMENT3. -__•_.. . ¦¦;'.
4 n - -
1 Dry Goods "^^^^^ Company. 1
[ COLORED DRESS GOODS I
I ANNOUNCEMENT 1
| Opening New Goods! First Importations! I
& Consisting of all the latest and most §
I desirable materials for the coming season: |
I SHOODA CLOTH, SATIN SOLEILS, FRENCH ZIBELINE, §
§ CHEVIOTTE, YIGOUREUX, VENETIAN, |
| COVERT, FRENCH BROADCLOTH, ETC., ETC., ETC. |
1 TAILOR SUITINGS. I
§ We have made special 'provisions for very extensive business in this S
g department on account of the popularity of plain materials. g
» Range of quality and colorings cannot be excelled. g
§ COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED, g
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
Q SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streats, Sin Fnneisoo. p
ft UNION SQUARB. g
ADVEBTISEHEENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes ar« remor^d by
PR and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building. 1170 Market »t.. cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with th» *Iectrlo ntrrdl» without pain or
acar. Permanency guaranteed; hour» l to ¦» p. m.
The treatest skin food and tissue bntlder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by matting the skin firm.
It renders the skin soft.
smooth, clear, white and -'Si.'S^
youthful. It Is a liquid. jS*?2aiio^
Any cream of the con " i*5^'3<n"*LBk
stimulate the growth of rffl&r^Z?*'' : .JET
hair on the fac?. Brah- il^r^TPiR
man Toilet Cream is toS» TjaD
ruaranteed not to do so. VjE-*M r»s99B<
Pric* 50c. Brahman Tooth \&l2s}b*.32$aB^
Powder 50c. All druggists *l3®fflHfe^
and at office of A. ¦«. \k x^*jfc3&iKf^ ?
TRAVERSE, M. D.
li^sTiii^eWrTlsoirti
Actually Restores GRAY OR FADED flair to!
its youthful looks in FOUR DAYS. Not a dye. |
Is pleasant to ase. , $1 a bottle/ all dru&-#
gists. . 1 FREE treatment to ail purchasers. •
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, J
Dermatologist, 78-80 Geary 5t.5.F. !
)|lCrsgfisa daLJsi|(
III Laugh at the (if
\u or tne hurrying ///
HI One alcnr, or all together, \\\
/if tnry cannot make progress in 111
\\\ their efforts to reraov; the JJJ
\l j ycuthf ul beauty of .your com- ///
iji plexion if ycu use III
iCREME ¦)))
ffl DE L,IS ¦,-.(((
/// the hal-^eniury-blJlacs prep* ' 11
ill aration. T\:erc is nothing JJ
\\\ like it, because it restores and //
ill retains the natural beauty of I
/I/ th* skin without the slightest \\
(if Injury or after effect JJ
\\i Sold by all druggists and at in
JJJ most general stores — 50c' ill
\||AFomoU5 Cosmeticl///paid a visit last we*k to King: Solomon
¦h?t>ter. on which occasion there was tne
sxemplllif ation of tb« work by the lnitia
•ioi. of one candidate. ,
Last Monday night Deulah Chapter ha-1
an interesting social hour after the busi
ness meeting. Among the visitors were
Mrs Ada It. Duncan, past matron of
c 'k>lden Gate Chapter; Dr. J. M. Gassa-
P"»vnv past patron of Ivy Chapter, and
jJrk" A. M. Ulade. matron of King Solo
mon' Chapter. There were a number or
iileasing talks by the visitors and a col-
J Last Thursday night Mrs. Fannie T.
M<-< iuwm, wor-^.y grand matron, ana
Georpe L.. I>arlinB. prand patron, paid an
aflicial visit to Golden Gate Chapter. The
hall was decorated with a profusion of
evt-rgTeens. as was also the hallway and
ptajra leading to it. The hall was beau
tified with an artlrtic draping of bunting
and flowers, placed around the central
star and on the several pedestals. The
ha.il was crowded with members and
visitors, there bring present Mrs. Mary EL
Partridge. P. W. M. O. M.; Cirand Secre
tarv Mrs K. J. Willais. l'af=t Grand Ma
trons Mrs. Ella T. Hall and Sarah J.
Marn Past Grand Patrons Jf-s^e IJ. Fuller
and" j. II. Gray. Venerable Past Grand
Pa'ron W S. Moses. Past Associate
Grand Matrons Kate E. I*oyd and Emma
JVrkir.s. the presiding officers of all the
Ircl chapters and visitors from Oak Leaf.
Pasadena. Berkeley. Mission. Ivy. Mistle
toe. Acacia.. Columbia. Harmony Silver
far Unity Olive Branch. Uuclah and
Vertm Burn* chapters. Tor the edifica
tion of the visiting: officials there was an
< x.-mp!ili<-ation of ihe work bv the )ni<ia
tion of Ml« F. F. Purinton Mr and Mrs-
I-'piron Mrs. Gat^s and Mr. Leslie, the
work bring pcTforrned in a very com
mcrAa.hUI manner. After the ceremony
an rxrcllent banquet was served.
Next Thursday Harmony Chapter will
hive initiatory work, for at the last held
meetinx srvoral petitions were received.
On that r^cnsioif Grand Patron Darling
and -hrnnd Secretary Mrs. \ViIlats -were
P The r^fan<1 matron's school of Instruct'on
Rill 1* he'd In King Snlomon's Hall. Ala
snnic Temple, to-morrow night. in i tne
!vr n irir Ivy Ompters officers will cxem
"Ufy the worlc
The Odd Fellows.
The Independent OrJer of Odd Fellows
has lost a valuable member In the death
of Qecrzo U. Morrison, whos<? remains
were laid at rest In 'Mountain View Cem
etery last Thursday. Mr. Morrison was
a m«ril»rr r,f Karnsworlh Loose, or • uri
ental Encampintnti of- Oriental Rebekan
Ix>.!g<\ past Brand master of the State of
Nevada, patf prand ->atriarch of Callfor.
nia. pas-t. rrand president of the Veteran
Od.l Ffllou-f 6f the board of
trurte»« of the Odd Follow*' Home at
Thcrmallto ar.d at ihe last held Grand
l/>(]£0 was f Irr-ted a member of the board
of trustees. The funeral was attended
by 1><-;jufy Orar.rt liaxter Nicholls. Grand
Wprd«-n Gill. <;rand Secretary Khaw,
Srnnd Treasurer Hams and Grand Scribe
Barnes.
• Loyal Rebckah Lodre will jrK'e an at
•jotne in itF h;-_U to-morrow niprht-
T!-.p <i'?r-; t r.i;x» nartv of Jubilee IXMlge
next Tuesdav right promises to be a very
•nioyabW- affair.
Mr?. Hilton, matron of the home at
riu-rmalito, was In «his city last week
an her way to GUroy to visit the Or
• pha'i* IIonif».
Aft-r th" adjournment cf Oriental Re
sekah Lodse last Wednesday night there
»as a tu«r of war )K*twoen thf married
• no jir.married ladi« s of the lodge. Tho
marri.^ ones won the prize. This was
followed by a prize waltz. The first
>r.zr-. n cake, went to Mr. and Mrs.Dupea
Uftyl ?*"iT >n 1? r r l *? ob J r Prize, -the Brood
.?T« r/1 i'm r arH 2 Park( *r !odge«. subordln
ttcs will each at Kfl next mecUng have
,-Vu ran<i'.6atcs to init'ate
*Iu mplar .. I , > * ebekah Lo 'Pe'had an oxceed-
Ti'S^nYHZ m Tl ir^ la? -t nfeht. many
<f the raembcrs taking part in discussions
his return will go to Fort Bragg to visit
the grove there.
Walhalla Grove No. C of Sacramento re
ceived four applications at its last held
meeting and Initiated four candidates pre
viously elected. Sacramento Grove No.
J12 is reported in a very good condition.
Magnolia Grove of Los Angeles, at its
meeting last week, had two applications
and a like number'of initiations. After
• he work there was a smoker, which was
attended by many members and stran
gers.
Garden Grove- No. 76 of San Jose has
signified its Intention of taking part in
the Admission day celebration. The or
der has adopted two beautiful floats, one
to be drawn by six black and the other
by six white horses. They will represent
scenes in Druidlsm.
Olympia Grove gave a ball in Its new
hall on Kolsom street last nlefht. The
hall will be dedicated during celebration
week.
During the past week Laurel Hill Initi
ated one candidate and Manzanlta Grove
conferred the second degree.
' Native Daughters.
Last Thursday night • Orlnda Parlor,
which ia noted for the many bright and
amiable young ladies who are membcifc,
gave a soire musical and dance in the
banquet hall of the Native Sons' building,
which was attended by a great number
of the friends of the parlor. Thq enter
tainment was a combination of songs and
dances. Among the many participants
who charmed with vocal selections were
Messrs. Gushing and Lyons Miss Minnie
Williams, O. Frazer, I. Williams and Mr.
Mullins. This parlor has been making j.
marked advance in.th'e line of member
ship of late, adding at Its last held meet
ing sereral strangers, also receiving by
card Mrs. A. D. Coddington, for manj
years a member of Las Lomas Parlor.
By this transfer what has been the loss
cf the last named parlor baa been the
gain of the former, for the lady Is a mu'l
active and enthusiastic Native Daughter.
Slitter Parlor of Sacramento will be the
guests of Sacramento Parlor of the Native
Sons at the headquarters in Turner Hall
In this city during celebration week.
Mrs. C. E. P^lBln has organized a new
parlor at St. Helena, which is to be in
stituted on the 21st inst. with a good
charter list. It is probable that this par
lor will take part in the celebration of
Admission day.
Past Grand President Mrs. Belle ' W.
Conrad and her traveling companion. Miss
Pahey, were in the Swiss Alps on the 1st
inst., and on the 5th. at Oberammergau.
They left London for the Golden West on
last Wednesday.
Sons of Benjamin.
The several lodges of .the Independent
Order of Benjamin have had their , offi
cers installed fgr the current term. The
new officers of California Lodge are:
I. Baer. eit-Dresldent: Emtl Cohn, president;
L. L. Lansley, vice president; L. C. Levey, re
cordlnK secretary: H. L. Springer, financial
secretary; B. Wocholder, treasurer; : A. Sid
lowfki. conductor; - 1. ; Zelner.' Inside, and A.
Mendelsohn, outpide fruard; R. Rosenberg, H.
Munter and II. Rloom. trustees.
Pacific Lodice — II. nernard. ex-president;
Charles A. Berliner, president; J. Blum,~- vice
pr?Mdent; S. Berel, recording secretary; J.
Label, financial eecretary; M. Marks, treasurer;-
J. . Leichter, conductor; M. lioyaraky. inslds
guard; H. Simon, outside guard.
San Franclaco L<odge-<-IIerrnan ; Lesser, presi
dent; A. Friedman,- vice president:' S.' Scheln,
recording secretary; T. ' Cohn, financial secre
tary; A. B. Fajis, . treasurer; ; M: : Cohen, con
ductor; J.t Salinger, Iniiide guard; H. Stravscr,
outside guard. " : . V " ' ¦
Golden: Gate Lodge— L.'- Aaron, *•; ex-president;
I. O. Kasser,' president; E. Gordon, vice presi
dent; M. 8. Meyer, recording and financial sec-"
retaxy: L. Zler.- treasurer: M.' Reinheimer, con
ductor; H. Arnheim, inside guard; K. David
eon, outside guard. - ,
/ Minerva : Lodge— R. . C. Levy, ex-president:
Mrs. M. Label, president; Mrs. . M. Glbbs.- vice
president; Mrs.'- L. C. Levey, ¦ -jjeeordingi and
financial secretary;-- Mrs. L. Cohn, treasurer;'
Mr«. rt. Davi«, outside guard;- Mrs. K. David
son and Mm." R. '¦ Kramtr/ trustees. < » x "-i'~i,
\ The installation of the officers of Call-
last held session two strangers were ad
mitted. Increasing the membership to lbd.
Four applications were received.
Sacramento Lodge, notwithstanding the
fact that it has S65 members; is still reach
ing out for more. At its last held meet
ing this lodge, which is a credit to the
order, received five applications.
Stockton Lodge has been remarkably
quiet of late.
The following was pinned on the door
of Oakland Lodge last week: "Brother
Hanliln won J175 on the result of the base
ball game last 'Sunday. All hall. King
Hanifin III."
Knights of Pythias.
The thirtieth anniversary celebration of
Live Oak Lodge In Oakland last Monday
was a very pleasant affair, which was
attended by the membership and a num
ber of specially invited guests. Among
the toasts responded to were: "Live Oak
— Its Pai>t and Present." responded to by
H. A. Holland, for twenty years the
keeper of records and Peal of the lodge;
"Friendship," Grand Keeper of Records
and Seal Herman Schaffner; "California's
Uolden Fruit and Golden Flocks," H. R.
Arndt. J. P. O, C; "Our Country, Liberty
and Fraternity," C. C. Taylor, and "The
Future Possibilities of the Order," Dr.
Muhlenbrach.
Charles U. Pattjjn and A. J. Buckles
have gone Eapt to attend the session of
the Supreme Lodge, which will be held In
Detroit, commencing on the 27th. Her
man Schaffner, grand keeper of records
and seal, left yesterday, and on the 22d
George K. Church of Fresno and Walker
C. Graves of this city, supreme repre
sentatives, and Past Chancellors T. J.
Crowley. J. H. Gyselaar. R. E. Lindsay
and G«orge Samuels and supreme repre
sentatives from Oregon will leave for the
East. They will be accompanied hy Mrs.
M. H. Weldon of Grass Valley and Mrs.
Lydla A. Monroe of Riverside, supreme
representatives to the Supremo Temple of
tho Rathbon© Sisters. On the -name train
there will be forty members of the uni
form rank of the company In I*js Ange
les, who are to compete for one of the
trophies offered. On the way Kast the
train will stop at Ogden, Cheyenne, Om
aha and Chicago to take on representa
tives.
George H. Morrison, who passed away
last Monday after a lingering illness, was
a past grand chancellor of the order.
Improved Order of Red Men.
George II. Stein of Yosemlte Parlor has
arranged to address a number of young
ladles, residents of Pacific Heights, on the
subject .of forming a council of the De
gree of Pocahontas in that district. .
Yosemite Tribe has decided to have a
float In the parade on Admission day.
The members will turn out Jn Indian cos
tume. Emil Lastreto of Alcalde Parlor.
George il. Stein of Pacific Parlor and C.
Grantz of Stanford Parlor, N. - S. G. W.,
¦who are members of the tribe, propose to
make this a feature of the parade.
OneJda Council of the Degree of-Poca
hontas will give a casrwone party in
Hhlcls building on the night of the 30th
After the quenching of the. council fire
of the Great Council, Past Great Sachem
Charles F. Burgman left for his home In
Florida, going by way of Los Angeles,
6an Diego," Kansas City. Chicago. Mil
waukee, Indianapolis, Cincinnati and
Chattanooga to Sea Breeze. Fla.. his
home. At each-place he will lecture on
mental science. _ '*¦¦¦ . __..
Last Monday night Pohonachee Tribe
had work In the several degrees. Seneca
Tribe adopted six palefaces and Oseeola
Tribe adopted four. ''/r—'_.t
On Tuesday night Montezuma Trib«
pave a tsmoker after having conferred the
Oriental degree on a number of'.candi
dates In a very impressive manner. *? Yo
semite Tribe, after having adopted two,
palefaces. Past Sachem < Lastreto,. in -be
half . of -the tribe, presented to J. H. Hu
taff D D. G. S.. a magnificent sash or
fectness that certainly deserves the rpany
flattering words spoken at the close of
the ceremonies by many who are compe
tent to Judge. Under good of the order
there were addresses by Grand Secretary
Cordy and Grand Treasurer Conklln, and
songs, recitations and a collation with
light refreshments. As the team was leav
ing for Oakland those assembled gave It
three rousing cheers.
Court- Washington will hold Us annual
banquet and bail in Golden Gate Hall on
the night of the 20th inst.
AH arrangements have been made for
the banquet to be given on the night of
the 23d at the St. Germain by Court Au
rora on Thursday evening next.
Dr. Deywalt of Court Aurora, now In the
service of the United States, sailed for the
Orient on last Thursday on the Warren.
The social evening that was given last
Monday by Court Sutro Heights in
Pythian Castle was a delightful affair,
which was attended by a large number of
the members and friends. There -was an
excellent programme of dances and the
many young folks who are fond of danc
ing spent a very pleasant evening. The
court sustained its reputation as host.
Companions of s the Forest.
Supremo Chief Companion Mrs. Fal
coner and the executive board announce
official visits as follows: September 3,
Fidelity Circle; 7th, Franklin Circle; 13th,
Bournemouth Circle; 14th, Ivanhoe Circle;
17th, Loyal Circle; 20th, Eureka Circle;
24th. Mazzlni Circle; 27th. KnarsborouRh
Circle; October i; Valley Circle; 3d, Cali
fornia.Circle; 4th, Piedmont Circle; Cth,
Sunshine Circle; 10th, Sherwood Circle;
11th, Webster Circle; 12th, Pride of the
Forest Circle: 18th, ¦, Alba Circle; 23d,
Washington Circle; 24th, ArtJmaa Circle;
25th," Bohemian \ Circle.
LaBt- Wedaesday-. night the supreme
chief companion,' accompanied by the
board of; deputies and Uohemlan Circle
paid a visit to California Circle. The visit
was - one of pleasure and Instruction to
th« members of the visited circle. .
Last Tuesday : Washington Circle re
ceived three propositions and had Mrs.
Kate Woods, the chief companion, in
stalled, Illness having prevented the In
stallation at - the time the other officers
¦were obligated. ' The circle vot?d'40 cents
per capita toward the fund for the enter
tainment of the delegates to the next Su
preme Circle.. ¦
Loyal Circle will give an • entertainment
to its friends to-morrow night In its hall.
A new circle of the order was instituted
at Yreka lastnlght. . •",
Fidelity Circle had an interesting even
ins at home-in: itp hall last night; at
which there was. a good attendance. The
programme : included ¦ a - number of vaude
ville • numbers and two one-act ; plays by
members of the • circle. ; .
Independent Order of Foresters.
¦ Last Tuesday, night there was ameetlng
of i the board ¦ of • the court deputies," Inde
pendent' Order of <'Forester»,*? to .'complete
arrangements for the placing of a' float In
the parade; on Admission day. - The sub
committee * prepared •¦; a ~. design and will
receive bids . on the » same. Thomas P.
Jarvis : of . Court • Southern « Heights is the
chairman • of ¦ the ¦ Bub-commlttee and " J. H.
Mahan t secretary.
Ancient Order of Forest«rs.
: High. 'Chief;. Ranger. Boehm; left last
Thursday for, a; visit to Yreka In the In
terest'of.the order." ¦. ' " , :
•A new. court is to be Instituted at West
End Jn 'Denver.: Colo., it -having been: or
ganized ¦ by <W. :'¦ E.i Freeman, i
,¦ . The : hlf n • chief * ranger has • arranged to
visit ; the courts In ? Shasta and Tuolumne
'counties during September after the cele
bration of Admission day, ¦-.--. ? - - : - - s,
* Reports: from all; parts of the- Jurisdic
tion -show, that v ; : Initiations J are; the rule
in 5 • nearly,/.' every •:.; court: '; Court v Santa
"Amanda 1 initiated, twelve: during the past
*Z>A BFRNHEIM EMILY BONE. AMY WEBB. SOPHIE DECKER.
"* JOSEPHINE NEWELL. THIRZA CROSSMAN. LENA JARVIS. GERTRUDE W1MMER. .
LIZZIE STAXTON. • ANNA FARNHAM. EOLA M. CYRUS. ALMA I. JENSEN. MINNIE. PLATH. :
DISTRICT DEPUTY PRESIDENT OF THE REBEKAHS OF SAN FRANCISCO AND ASSISTANTS.
THs picture represents Mrs. Eola 1L Cyrus, district deputy president of the California Assembly of Rebekahs; Alma Isabel Jensen^ the marshal, and the
other officers who. during the term Just closed, installed the officers of the English working lodges of San Francisco in a manner that won for them many kind
words f'-T proficiency.
on matters of vital Importance to the
lodge.
The Elks.
Grand Master W. W. Watson Is still
making oflicial visitations. During the
past- week, in company with Deputy
Grand Master Nlchoils, he "visited Brodk
lyn Lodge at You Dot and Donner Lod^e
at Truekeo. On the 16th he visited Scep
ter Lodp,? at Sierra City, on the 17th he
was with Sierra L*)dge at Downievllle and
on the ISth he wa? with Mistletoe Lodge
at Allegheny. To-mnrrow ho will visit
Fprest City Lodge at Forest City. The
lodges in that part of the State he found
prosperous, the lodges owning their halls
and having substantial bank accounts.
His observation is that the I. O. O. F.
hall Is usually the best and most promi
nent building lit the towns visited. The
mountain town lodges are \'ery appreci
ative of the grand master's visits.
J. R. Howell, E. N. Fhort and Harrison
Houseworth of San Ktanclsco Lodge of
Elks have been appointed a committee to
i-etect a uniform button badge. The draw
ing for life membership in this lodge,
which -will probably take place at the last
meeting in September, is creating a lively
Interest. At the meeting of the lodge on
the 30th ir.Ft. there were among the many
visitors Brothers Darcy of Salem, Harvill
ar.d Secretary Jorcs of San Diegr> and
Eaton of Syracuse Lodge. Three applica
tions to join were rerelved at that meet
ing. The "pedestrian annex" is still ac
tive. Last Sunday me trampers. under
the leadership of Sprinter -P. Bolger. left
the hall at 10 o'clock in the morning and
after a number of exciting contests with
chained dogp. tame cowp and a battle with
mosquito* s along the county road, reached
Fan Mateo at 4:40 in the afternoon,- where,
they had dinner and made arrangements
for a .tramp to-day. They returned by
rail. All Elks have been Invited to ac
company the trampers to-day.
The membership of San Diego Lodge has
reached 1M, and, as one of the members
declares, "It has the handsomest quarters
in the State and the handsomest secre
tary, not excepting Herman Kohn of San
Francisco."
San Jose Lodge at Its last held meeting
received flve applications and Initiated
three strangers, who were elected at the
previous meeting. The membership Is now
164.
Freeno Lodge is making arrangements
for an Elk social In September. At the
his rank in the order, a recognition of tho
valuable services he has rendered the
tribe since Its institution. There were
present Great Sachem Brandon, Great
Senior Sagamore Boyes. Henry A. Chase.
P. G. S. W. B. dl Costa, past sachem of
Red Jacket Tribe, Sacramento; C. S. Da
vis, past sachem of Mono Tribe, Angels
Camp, and J. S. Colby, past sachem of
Oseeola Tribe of this city. They all made
interesting short uilks.
On Wednesday night Manzanlta Trlb-a
and Altnamos Tribe conferred the war
rior's degree on eligible candidates, and
the work in each council was creditably
performed in the presence of a large num
ber of Red Men.
Tribe, wishing to show its
appreciation of the services of J. H.
Rippe, its keeper of wampum, presented
him a fine emblematic badge. Fred
Brandt, P. G. S., who was present, gave
the members a long talk.
Great Chief of Records Bliss Is busy
preparing his report for the Great Coun
cil of tho United States.
The Druids.
The many friends of Jame? F. Martin T
oni are gratified to know that the Su
preme Grove, at Its session in Indian
apolis, by choosing him supreme herald
reeojjnized his services to the order while
noble grand arch last year, during which
the order made the greatest gain In mem
bership in its history in this State.
Grand Secretary Graves and Grand
Marshal C. Gugliemoni went to Eurekp
during the early part of the month' for
the purpose of visiting the groves in
Humboldt County, but owing .to rough
weather the steamer did not reach that
place in time to enable them to attend
the grove session on the night of the 8th.
They were, however, met Dy L. Canepa
of Ferndale, who escorted them to that
place and In the evening they visited Far
West Grove. There was one initiation,
and all the degrees were conferred. ! A
banquet was tendered the grand officers.
The following night they visited Amerlcus
and Far West groves in joint session in
Eureka, where one candidate was given
the first degree and the second was con
ferred on three. A feast followed the
ceremonies. The grand secretary re
turned on last Sunday and on Tuesday
left again to accompany Noble Grajid
Arch Lange on a tour of visitations ' In
Marln County.' The grand marshal re
mained In Eureka for a few days and on
month. This court will give a smoker
on the 20th Inst. •
• Court Eureka Is arranging for an anni
versary party, to be given on "Septem
ber 22.
A new society, called German Foresters,
composed principally of members of Court
German America, has been organized and
at the last held meeting received six new
members. : It proposes to receive into
membership any member of the Ancient
Order of Foresters, without initiation fee.
providing, that he be under the age of 3o.
G. Franke is the secretary of the new or
ganization. • ¦¦• '•••¦**.¦
The National Union.
Pacific. Council at its last held meeting
had work in the initiatory degree, two
strangers being admitted. The, council
during the evening decided In favor of the
order being represented by a float in the
Admission day. parade. The .council was
addressed by Senator Hastings, who told
of the work of the Senate at its recent
session and of the election of Senator
Field of this city as doorkeeper of the sen
ate. At. the close of his address he, on be
half of Senate Secretary Meyers, present
ed to State Deputy J. N. Bunting a beau
tiful emblematic gold button of the order
in recognition of his faithful services In
this State. Refreshments and a collation
were served during the evening.
Last Monday night Yosemlte Council
also initiated two candidates and then
elected officers to fill three vacancies oc
casioned by Inability of the incumbents to
attend to duty by reason of business en
gagements. A. H. Cousins was elected
president, Harry Baum chaplain and J.
McCann doorkeeper. J. F. Rumpf was
elected delegate to the Cabinet. During
the evening there were addresses by Sen
ator Hastings, Deputy Bunting, H. . W.
Mniiss. J. J. T-oggie, E. C. Stock and oth
ers. The council declared In favor of the
Admission day celebration and the union
being represented in it. During recess the
council served up a Yosemlte collation.-
Senate Doorkeeper J. E. Field returned
from the East last week.
Last Tuesday night Golden Gate Coun
cil admitted seven strangers to member
ship by initiation, the three degrees being
conferred in lirst-class style. This council
has a number of propositions -to act upon
at Its next meeting. The council also voted
to be represented In the Admission day pa
rade. After tho ceremonies there was a
recess and collation, and after the routine
business was over there was an hour un
der good of the order. Including an inter
esting report by Senator Hastings and
music by the quartet.
Norman R. Arter. ex-presldent of Golden
Gate Council and ex-president of the San
Francisco Cabinet, an energetic worker
for the order, who during his term In the
council did much to build It up to the
high rank it has attained, will be placed
In nomination for the office of senator to
the next session of the senate of the or
der.
Redwood. Circle, W. O. W.
J The two days' banner party, given by
Redwood Circle of the Women of Wood
craft last Week in Union Square Hall, was
one of the most interesting affairs of the
kind ever given by any circle of this or
der. The programme was most entertain
ing and the wood sawing and nail driv
ing contests were exctttng. In the latter
many of the lady contestants showed
that they knew how to use a hammer.
The annex. In which was produced a tra
vesty on "Uncle Tom's Cabin," was a very
clever skit and all who saw Uttle Eva and
Topsy were 'glad that they did. The af
fair was conducted by a large number
of committees, each doing its work in a
very creditable manner. These were un
der the general supervision of the com
mittee of arrangements" of which Mrs. >I-
Wilder was the president, Mrs. M. K.
Schweinhard the chairman and Mrs. J. S.
Clark the treasurer.^
Woodmen of the World.
The members of . San Francisco Camp,
Woodmen of the World, on last Sunday
unveiled a monument with appropriate
ceremonies over the crave of Neighbor
Sheplar. the ceremonies being conducted
by W. B. Wilson, the consul commander,
and the other officers in a very impressive
manner. Dr. M. B. Estees delivered a
touching eulogy.
American Companions.
Washington Circle of .the Companions
of the Forest of America .has concluded
all arrangements for the social event that
it is to give on the; night of the 29th inst.
In Union 'Square : Hall. ¦-_•• •
I^ast Wednesday night Palo Alto Circle
had a very ¦ enjoyable "evening at home*
In its hall in , the Alcazar building. There
waB a large attendance, which was enter
tained by an address of welcome by Mrs.
Flora Jacobs. P. G. C. C.:: vocal* solos by
Eva Peters.' G. Berliner, Dora Ehrlich and
Mrs. Sol Elberg; recitation by Mrs. Kauf
mann, and specialties by Joseph Levy-
At the meeting, of Cay City Circle last
Monday night there was considerable aet
ive work in the interest of the circle. The
committee that has arranged for this cir
cle's social to be given in the social hall
of the Alcazar building next Wednesday
reported that everything was in readiness
for what promises to be' one of th^ most
pleasant social functions that this cir
cle has ever given.
Robin Hood Circle Is still in the field for
supremacy and its members are working
hard to advance it.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
- Deputy Supreme Chief W. O. Macdoug
all. assisted by G. B. Hanna, P. G. C;
Samuel McCall, P. G. C; R. N. IIann»,
P. O. C, and Past Chiefs F. T. Morrill.
A. F.. Plate and F. A. Miller, installed the
following named as officers of California
Castle: W. R. Mlllerr P." C; George B.
Peterson, -N. C; Martin Wlstos, V. C;
C. A. I>anstrom, H. P.; E. K. Hill. V. H.;
George B. Hanna. C. of E. ; A. F. Plate."
K. of E. ; W. O.' Macdougall, M. of It. : J.
F. Farroll, S. H.; Thomas Fowden, E.;
Georce Corocco. esquire; Samuel -McCall,
W. C.; F. A. Miller, W. B.: E. O. Kllbe,
first G.; F. T. Morrell, second G.
This castle at Its last held session con
ferred the crusader's degree on peveral
candidates, and on SeptembeF B will con
fer the pilgrim's degree on several more.
Thomas Fowden, -"\V. R. Miller and K. K.
Hill, the good of the order committee,
have arranged an attractive programme
for the 29th inst., on which occasion each
member .will be permitted to Invite a
friqnd. •. -
Royal Arcanum.
The new council being formed in this
city by George Dixon, D. G. R., Is an as
pured success, more names having already
been signed to the petition than are re
quired to secure a charter. It will be in
stituted next month with at least fifty
chnrter members.' .--;- .¦*.-;¦'
New councils are in progress of or
ganization In several parts of the State.
There will be one In San Joso and one in
Santa Monica. ¦
The councils in this city and in Oakland
are receiving, applications at every meet
ing.
The city councils are taking steps to or
ganize a eick: benefit and hospital fund,
so that members of the order may have
the benefit of medical aid In case of sick
ness.
Rev.vT. J.- Mackey of Omaha, grand
chaplain of the. Grand Council of Ne
braska, will address the members of the
order in this city in St. Luke's Episcopal
Church on Sunday night, the 26th inst.
The Maccabees.
. Golden West .Tent of tha Knights of. the
Maccabees has now a membership of 223
and hasa substantial account In Its gen
eral, fund. '.The tent Is getting ready to
Join with the other tentsin the openlnsr of
the new quarters in the Pioneer building*
The premises will be openedto general in- i
spectlon by the: public, as the quarters j
are, being fitted up in magnificent style.'-:,?
Young 1 Indies' Institute.
The thirteenth ' anniversary reception
and dance by Young Ladles' Institute No.
1 will be given in Golden Gate Hall on the
night. of September 20.
Order Eastern Star
On the ev«*niny of Satnrday, the 11th. I
then* eras a larjrt &itf>n<Iance in the beau- i
•ufu! hall of MifsiOn Chapter to witness I
the initiation of four casi.Udates. The I
ceremony nti in the prer-cnee of a Inrpe i
marel-or of prominent members of the or
d< r. who. aft^r the ceremony, spent a
•plearnm hour *Ith the members. All ar- i
rnnj-TPmor.is hate been conclucU-d for the I
cnn4ren*S party to lv? jjivon en the night
. f the IMh inst. in Mission Masonic Hall.
rhero is to be a most OeliijMful nro-
Krarnrric ot entertainment fur the benefit
< . the many who bave been invited. This
event is to be followed by a lirst-ciass cn
tCXtmunnent to lx» elveu by th«» chapter
en the night of the foUowinc Saturdav.
Stptctnber 2^. in Native Baps' Hail on
Seventeenth Etreet. The rommlttoe hav
aig charge of this altair r romis<-s to give
the very bt*»t rroerammo that has ever
been presented by the ohapt-r
Olive Hraneh Chapter h:ui a pleasant
business meetinfr last Monday night and
madp arranjrements /r>r the entertainment
tha.t is to lullow the initiation of candi-*
dates on the night of the 2Sth inst. The
team doing the initiatory work Is perfect
in every de-tail, and all who have wit
nesKtrd the ceremony have b'-en loud in
their praise, particularly of the work of
Mips M. G. McConkey. the worthy ma
tron.
I^ast Tuesday night there were Initiated
in 2vv Chapter by th« worthy matron.
Mrs. Frances IJonrifio'.d. and Worthy Pa
tron Ilm- Kimball. Frank M.-Cownn. Mrs.
Lena McGowan and William Thomas
Ooode. Jn thi6 work the ollieers named
were assisted by the other officer* of the
lodpre. and the manner in wiiich the work
ua* eondueted was somethinK that railed
fr«r the hiphest eomm<T<i:iLtion !>y many
of the numerous visitors who -were called j
upon to spcsLk. The ceremonies wore fal
lowed by a banquet, at which e!nq-,ient
uddn-sses were ir.ad>» by Grnnville Frank
lla Foster of Elaine Chapter of Hei-dley, I
Kresno County, who d<-o)ared that in a<l- i
<iition to the perfect manner in which the I
work was performed during the cere- ¦
mocy all paid strict attention to what
was soine on, end that there wa-s no
whispering. Amonp those who were pres
ent were Grand Pa.tr on Darling and
Worthy Matrons Mrs. Emma Carter of
Harmony and Mrs. A. M. Blade of King
Bolotaon* Chapter. The music of the even
ing was rendered by Miss Florence Per
kins and II rs. Owens.
Tbe crar.d patron and the grand matron
LATEST NEWS OF FRATERNAL ORGANIZATIONS.
TilJffi ' »A*JN JtfK AJN UIbO-U UAXjLj, "•; SUNDAY, AUGUST 19, 1900. ,
35
fornla Lodge was followed* by a banquet
and the presentation by-B. wacholder, In
behalf of the lodge, of a gold watch to I.
Baer, the ex-president, as a token of ap
preciation of his services. : - • ¦ ¦ . ¦ '¦
The picnic recently given by this order
was a great success and was numerically
the largest ever given under the auspices
of the order.
Jacob I. J^e Bowiski of New York, a
member of the United States Grand
Lodge and chairman of the Mutual Guar.
antee Fund, Is in this city on a visit."
. Ancient Order Workmen.
Grand Recorder Spencer •¦- addressed a
meeting In the Interest of Workmanship
at Oakdale last Thursday night.
San Mateo Lodge has arranged for an
entertainment on the night of the 21*1
lnst. Burns Lodge of this city, also Tri
umph Lodge, will have an entertainment
on that night, it being the silver anni
versary of the order In thls'State. *
Prosperity Lodge, which Is still work
ing along the boom line, at Its last held
meeting initiated candidates and received
eight applications. It is making arrange
ments ro give William P. Kaiser, the
master workman, a bachelor banquet dur
ing the latter- purt of September, as in
October he will Join the benedicts.
Spnrtan Lodge initiated two* candidates
at its meeting last week.
A portion of the extension committee
paid a visit last Tuesday night to Olym
pic Lodge. Among the visitors were Pres
ident Danforth, Secretary Walter Molloy
and District Deputy Pohlmann. The de
grees were conferred on a candidate and
there were several interesting addresses
The same night Messrs. Blackman, Bow
man and llawley of the extension com
mittee paid a wisit to Fairmount Lodge.
The extension committee after a meet
ing last night adjourned to Myrtle Lodge.
It will visit Noe Valley Lodge on th*
21st, St. John Lodge on the 23d, Triumph
Ix>dge on the 2Sth and Valley Lodge on
the 29th. On the latter date Valley will
have an old-time smoker.
Foresters of America.
On the evening of the 10th inst. the larg
est number of Foresters of America that
ever assembled In a courtroom, was with
Court Magnolia of this city to witness tho
ritual and Initiatory work by the team
from Court United States of America of
Oakland. Tha work was done with a per-
•TIVOLI*
To-Night •'¦- "RIfiOLETTO"
Two Superb Productions
for Next Week.
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY AND
SATURDAY EVENINGS,
Wagner's Grpat Music Drama.
Ayedauo, S&lassa, Eoiuster, Lichter and Effie
Stewart.
'•Tannhaassr'- Performancjs Will Be-
gi a Promptly it 7:55 P. H.
TUESDAY, THURSDAY. SITNDAY NIGHTS
AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
"Miirnnn "
IwIlgllUliB
Politini, Repetto, Graham, Russo and Nicolini
"Mlgnon" Performances at 8 P.M. sharp.
Seats on Sale Seven Days Ahead.
pbichl! 25 and 50 Cents
TELEPHONE— BUSH 9.
MOROCCO'S
QRAND OPERA HOUSE
Last NlKht of TR11 RV
the BtK Cast In » Iv ¦ ¦_. 1_» m
.TO-MORROW EVENING
First Time Here.
Mile. Rejane's Dramatic Version of >¦ '.; -
"SAPHO"
Seats Now on Pale. Se« the "Red" Sapho.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c.
~A F«-w Front Rows In Orchestra. 7»e.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M.
3^P^'BIG MATINEtJ »
THE BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND
Nest Wednesday and Thurgday Afternoons,
Matinee Performances of
"THE BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND."",?'
TO ACCOMMODATE THE CROWDS. .
COMMENCING TO-NIGHT and All Next Week,
The Wonderful Hypnotist, In hta marvelous
hypnotic performance which haa startled all
of the bic- Eastern cities.
Mr. Lee Is the only hypnotist who performs
the Hindoo Bleep, that is, Kitting upon the
stage and' putting a great many of his audi-
ence to sleeD.
OLm If] Pi Jh\ COB. MASON
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY. ¦
—SEVENTH SERIES OF COXRADI'S
¦¦¦¦ | S
3L, BASCO & RICE T
Jt The Bulins Favorites, -^^
J _ AND— .^
j^- OUR CELEBRATED j^_
C3r STOCK COMPANY IE*.
" •' • " — "XT
MATINEE EVKRY SUNDAY!
AMATEUR NIGHT FRIDAY!
ADMISSION FREE.—-
IHE FIREWORKS' KING'S
jj2jjjpgSB Spectacular
lllmml Masterpiece.
pHH^ IO.OOO Feet Realistic
3«af i P9 Scenery t
VVrJAjKn f00 fo'd!cr». Athletes,
xS?Wf^®SsE *-tc, and
PAIN'S $1000 FIREWORKS!
;. Opens SATURDAY,- Sept.*. 1st,
Folsom and Sixteenth Streets, Grounds. i
Seats 'or IO OOO .¦ Tickets at Sher-
man, Clay & o '"•» -
PT^PHFR 1^ CONCERT HOUSE.
riot/ruin o : .,.,. AdmlM i on 1Os<
Eudor»: Forde. Contralto: tha 'Berlin Rl»ter».
Vocalists;- the -Waterman Slaters, Coon Song
Singers and Dancers; Little Verna Felton, the
Child Wonder.
-. Reserved Seats, 2!c; Matinee, Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
aS:"tSIIITOFS>BLE"
. TO-/nORROW..R«v(val by
MONDAY General
NIGHT •• .... Request
PlipRENCE ROBERT^
; Supported by WHITE .WHITTLES ET.
BPIOTAOULAB O A TJ TY £\
r BODOCTIOM |^ X\^ X^ XX \J
only; matinee saturdav.
COLUMBIAN
TO-NICHT (Sunday)
BURTON HOLMES
LECTURE.
Magnificently Illustrated With Colored
Still and Motion Pictures.
Subject "MOKI LAND"
(Snake Dances.)
*NEXT THURSDAY AFTERNOON and
SUNDAY NIQHT— Final Lectures,
"HAWAIIAN ISLANDS."
Beginning TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MATINEE3~ WEDNSSD1Y ui SATURDAY.
Charles Frohman Presents
THE ENORMOUS DOUBLE TRIUMPH.
HENRY MILLER
AND
A SPECIAL COMPANY
In the Great Romantic Play,
THE
ONLY WAY
Dramatization by Freeman Wills of Charles
Dicicens' Novel.
"A TALE OF TWO CITIE3."
UNION COURSING PARK,
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19,
COLOSSAL
OPEN STAKE
— op — - ••.-**¦•;
ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY-
EIGHT -NOMXEIATIOITS.
Champions and Stake Winners Will
Contend.
SIAIB — TOTAL PRIZEMONEY — SfdIB
CONCERT BY VON DEB MEHDEBTS
BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend
streets, 10:15 a. m., 11 a. m., 13 m.
and 1 p. m. Twenty-nfth and Va-
lencia streets five minutes later. Bo-
turning at 4:45 p. m. and after last
course. San Mateo electric ears every
six minutes.
Admission 25 cents. Ladies free
CHUTES aw ZOO
EVERY AFTEJOTOON AND BVENINO,
BABY RUTH ROLAND
- *"- ¦ *
LA LISTA, Mirror Dancer.
CANNON, the Fat Man.
SEABU8Y, in Bis Sensational High DItq
|wo weeks of R&ciqg.
JL-^ n nG Shov/.
Exhibit? Carhicd yxTrxi^
Excursion RatesJorVisitors.
V/ri+e ,for Par tic urars to
Peter J. Shields. a.BSpreckels»
1 SECRETARY. PRtSIOCNT- ,
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS. Open "Daily from T •.'m.
to II p. m. 'Bafhlnc trom la. m. to W p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c CHILDREN. Sc. BATH-
ING. Including admiasion. ISc; children. iOc
j$F^ m. SAN FRANCISCO OMAHA
la* Week Commencing SUNDAY MATTNEE. August 13fh. ,
The World's Greatest Artists in Flawless Vaudeville!
/ ....THE GREAT.... V
/NEWSRY TROUPE \
- I The most sensational sinrin?. dancln? and costumed display act la the world. \
/ SPECIALLY IMPORTED FROM RUSSIA BY THE ORPHEUM MANAGEMENT. i
\ LEW HAWKINS /
The Chesterfield of Minstrelsy and a. modest monolorist. M
\ CAROLINE HULL /
\ • The Phenomenal Contralto. ;,'*l-: f
/bruno ARNIM & WAGNER berthK
/ In an operatio travesty. "OPERA IN THE KITCHEN." V
/THE 4 JUGGLING JOHNSONS I MRS. BESSIE BLITZ-PAXTOn\
/ The Prettiest Club Act on Earth. I Jn an entire change of repertotrtt.
\M AC ART'S GREAT ANIMAL SHOW/
\ The rreatett ag»retratlon of dog and monlcey comedians In the world. /
\ SAM MORRIS and COMPANY /
\ In a new sketch. / -V-
/ THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH \
g ¦ TVlth entirely new Tiewa. \
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY. AUGUST 19th.
Parquet 25<j any seat. Balcony 10c, Children lOo any part. A ftw front ortshestr» row*
reserved *60c,- front rows of balcony reserved ;»c.
AMUSEMENTS.THE SA]S\ FR AKCISCO CA1.L, SUNDAY; AUGUST 1 9, 1 900.
36
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
DUSnCESB OFFICE of The^an Francisco
Call/ corner cf Market and Third streets, open
unill 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ZT. Montgomery street,
Comer Clay; cpen until 9:00 p. m.
tOt Ilajree Ktret-t; cr^n until P:30 p. m.
C29 McAlliEter street; ci«rn until 9:30 p. m-
fl& Lerkin 6trect: orwn until 5:30 p. m.
1T41 Mission street; cp*>n until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 c in.
IM Eleventh street; cren until 9 r. m.
;JK<6 Valencia street; ocen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
rackr gtrsets; open until 9 p. m.
CHCItCIl SERVICES.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, comer of
G^ary ard Powell Bts. — Rev. John Hemphlll,
D.D., paetor, will preach at 11 a, m. and 7:4i
I), m.; topic, evening, "Unconscious Influ-
ence"; tinging in the evening by the Metro-
politan Jubilee Singers; Sabbath-school and
Mr. Johustone's Bible class at 12:30; Christian
Undeavor Society meets at 6:33 p. m. : Wed-
nesday evening services at 8 o'clock. Strangers
cordially welcomed.
K1RST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
ave. and Sacramento Et— Rev. R. Mackenzie,
D.D.. minister; P.ev. William Kirk Guthrle.
cj>£lFtant minister. Dr. Mackenzie will preach
«a II a. m. and Rev. Dr. Eastman at 7:45 p.
m.; Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. ; G. P. S. C.
E. at C:30 p. m. All are welcome.
ET. PAUL'S Church, California st, near Fill-
more — P.ev. W. Maxwell ReiUy. rector; Rev.
A. C. Wilson, assistant Holy communion.
7:30 a. ra. Sunday school, &:45 a. in. Morn-
ing service and sermon by the rector, 11
o'clock. Evening service and sermon. 7:45.
Preacher, Rev. A- C. Wilson. i
ET. LUKE'S Entscopal Church, cor. of Van !
Nw» av<». and City st. Holy communion, 8 !
a. m. Mcrning prayer. 11 o'clock. Evening
rervlce. 7:<5 o'clock. Itcv. T. J. Mackay. rec-
tor of All Saints Church. O.naha, will ;
preach bcth morning and evening. j
TTIiST Cor.eregatlonal Church, corner of Post ;
and ilasin eu;.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D..
pastor will preach at both services: at 11 a.
m., tcr.ic. "The Human n*.-nent in Salva-
tion"; at 7:45 p. m.. topic. "The Silent Looks
of Jesus." All are cordially invited.
FIRST Church of CTJ-Ist, Scientist, Central
block, 122 Sutter «... between Kearny Et and
Grant ave.— Christian Bclence Bible lesson at
U a. zr..; subject. •'Christ Jesus." Sunday-
school for children at the same hour. Wednes-
day evening meeting at 8 o'clock. Free read-
ing-room, 206 Kearny st, room £10. All axe
welccrae.
6EVENTH-DAY Adventist Church. 814 Laguna
et., bet. McAllister and Golden Gate ave.—
Preaching this (Sunday) evenlnr. at 7:10
o'clock, by the pastor, EM<?r J. O. Corliss;
•ubj*ct "Significance of the Seven-headed
and Tea-homed Beast of Revelation." All
are cordially ln-rlted. Seats free.
CHUBCH of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
— 6errtcee U a. m. and 7:45 p. m., at the
Pythian Hail. 909 Market Ft. ; subject of even-
ing lecture. "'Mormonism." preached by Elder
Q. P. Hes«. All welcome. No collections.
FIKST Mental Science Temple meets at 11 a.
m. In Goid«n Gate Hall: Mrs. Clara Foltz.
lecturer: ' Thought, the Builder." Public in-
vlted. FYee.
THEOSOPHICAL Society. — Public meeting
•very Sunday evening at 6 o'clock. In Theoso-
phy Hall. Odd Fellow's building. Seventh and
Market sta. ; to-night, "Invisible Forces," by
& ryinposlum; Golden Chain fcr children at
11 a. ra. (
BTODHIST Mission, 807 Polk «t— 2 p. ra..
the Rev. K. Nishijlma, "The Baelc Doctrine
of Buflihist Ethics": Dr. J. R. Guelph-Nor-
raan. "\\>stem Civilization and Modem
Chiiftlanity From an Oriental Standpoint."
MKETISCS- — SCTiPAT.
DR. J. DEPEW KZRGAN will lecture this
evening. S o'clock, at Crystal Hall, Pythian
Cattle. SC* Market: subject. "The Philcscrhy
of Vibratory Energy." followed by magnifi-
cent views of England's lovely lakes; those
sttenCinK may procure free tickets to the X-
Iiity exhibition at Sanitarium, corner of Mar-
ket ami Mason, next Tuesday evening. Seats
free. No collection.
JULIAN MacRAE ha? now opened classes for j
Ceniapaaxt ar-d instruction in conscious m»- j
<!ii;msi:;p and unfoldment of latent powers:
Tuesday sxr.d Thursday evecir.^s at 8 o'clock;
Fj-c-a'iled incurable patients please call 9 a. m.
to S p. m. daily, or write. 51S Golden Gate
avenue.
THE Oratory, O<M Fellows' Hall. Seventh and
Itarfcz* EtF. : to-night. Mrs. R. S. Llllie will
Fr.*-a!i on "Humiliation"; Mrs. J. J. Whitney
will give trance platform tests; Mr. J. T. Lll- 1
li*, :r.usic3l director; 8 o'clock sharp; admis-
sion 10 cents.
JULIA^l.-sM— Julian MacRae. Initiate. has
open~d his School of Philosophy of Conscious-
ness for advanec-d Ftuuents who are seeking a
perhonal ccnsriouFness of the One Divine
Besltty. T13 Golden Gate ave.
DIL LASS WELL, mental science healer and
teacher; meeting? every day except Sunday,
from 12 to 1 o'clock;, free to all; classes
lorrced monthly. 14 McAllister st. room 17.
AT DR. KIX-ES* Spiritual Society. 909 Market"
11 free; 2-S 10c; Mrs. Maxwell, Lestlear, J. R.
Little, Arnhold; Aid Society 5 p. m.; 11th an-
niversary. Sect C, S p. m., free.
ilKS. *tVEIR holds spiritual test meetings at
Becker's Hall. Washington Et., bet. 6th and
9th, Oakland, every Wednesday evening, at 8
o'clock; ad-nifsloji 10c.
THERE will be a grand reunion of spiritual-
ists, Tuesday evening, August 21. at 117 Lar-
kin et. Ail are Invited.
F0RYTARD movement meetings, Pythian Cas-
tle, S59 Market ft— To-day 3 and S p. m.;
thic week 2 and S p. m.
ATTEXD MRS. EEERHAEDTS grand test
meeting to-night, S2S0 Twenty-second Bt;
readincB daily.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, Bit. dally; convlnc'g tests to-nlghtlOo.
MRS. "WINCHESTER, US10 Clay; circle to-night,
S; coTrg-jltatior.s dajly; mining a specialty.
USIE. TOt'NG. 635 McAlliEter— Convincing dem-
onatrE-tlon of spirit return to-night; 10a.
KRS. LESTER, circle this evening, 8 o'clock;
_ 10c; elttlngs dally, 60c 127 Turk Bt
MRS. ELSIE P.ETXOLDS, materializing seanoe
Sunday. S p. za. 127 Ellis St.; EOc ;.;_' :
JflES VIGARS. test circle to-night, 10c. 143
Firth gt.. room 7; Elttlnga dally.
MEETI5GS •L'nlTgn.siI Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL. Society In America, S19 Mar-
fcet et— Lecture to-night, "lllsslnc Links of
Evolution," by Dr. A- Griffith's International
Brotherhood League . next Tuesday night;
subject. "Why Reforms Fait" H. H. Soroers.
riECTi.vG
FwfTP.AL cotloe California Command-
vrj Ko. 1. K. T.. 8 Post st. — Offloers Tffif*
and member* are hereby requested to *fa
a**ettble In the asylum THIS DAY UnP
(BUND ATX August U. at 10 o'clock a. V
tn-. for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our dece&aed frater, BIR VICTOR D. DU-
BOCE. By order of
FRANK W. H. TITUS, Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
AETUTSI ©f <Jolflen Gate Comznandery •*•
Ho. 16, K. T-. £25 Butter St.— Offlcer* 1 *
«nd raemJaem of this Comnxandery ar» rS
hereby ordered to assemble at the asy- t§F
lusn In full uniform THIS DAY at 9:39 V
1 o'clock, for th« purpose o f attending the fu-
-aersj of our late frater. SIR VICTOK DOUG-
laxn-e duboce.
Robert McMillan,
Eminent Commander.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder. ¦
CALITORIflA Lodge Ko. 1. F. and A. *
M.— The officers and members of ths J±
e.Tx>vo-r.ar:e<: lodge art h-reby notified ffjf
to attend the funeral of our late^V^
brother. VICTOR DOCGLAIXE DUBOCE. In
Mechanics' PavlUon, THIS DAT (SUXDAT),
August 19, at 11 o'clock a. m. Master lla-
Eons aad friends cf the deceased are Invited.
Uy crder of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAT. Secretary.
N. B. — The brethren will assemble In Ma-
eonlo Temple «t 10 o'clock a_ m. and go In a
body to Mechanics' Pavilion.
NOTICE to stockholders of the Stanley Aerial
Navigation Company— Price of stock has- ad-
vanced to tZ per chare to take effect MON-
DAY, August 20, lSOa
J. T. ROBINSON, Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of the Longshore
Lumbermen's Protective Association — You are
rc-o.ue*ted to attend the funeral of our de-
<--.ise3 member, THOMAS F. LYNCH, on
SLNDAY, August 19, at 11:30. a. m.. from
St Rose's . Church, Brannan st. between
Fourth and Fifth. By order of
, „ GEO - F - McMAXUS. President.
J. E. RIORDAN. Recording Secretary. .
STOCKHOLDERS' laeetlng— The California
Drytfock Company.— Notice is hereby given
that a meeting of the stockholders of the The
California. Drydock Company will be held at
the offlce of Bald company. No. 302 California
ureft, San Francisco, California, on THURS-
DAY. August SO. 1900. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a., m. of that day. for the purpose of deter-
mining whether Bald corporation shall be dis-
eolved, and of voting upon a proposition to
dissolve the corporation, and for the trans-
action of such other bustnww'as may come
before the meeting. By order of the board of
directors. \ - W.F. RUSSELL.
Secretary The California Dp-dock Company.
THE annual meeting of the stockholder* of the
PacSflc Underta kern - will be held at >Tp. 777
Mission *t.. t"an .Francisco, Cal.. THURS-
DAY, Acjrurt S3. 2900, at 8 o'clock p. m., for
the election cf directors for the ensuing term
nnd also to consider an ittnendment to the
by-laws reducing the number of. directors
from 3 to 7, and the transaction of such oth?r
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close Monday. August
K. ISC'O. at 4 o'clock p. m. By order of the
board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM, Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted everywhere; salary or com-
mission; "History. Principles and Policies of
the Republican Party," ••by Naval Secretary
Lor.g. THE HAZEN CO.. New York.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able, better and easier to sell than books?
Address F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott bldg.
AGENTS make $K0 per month selling our nov-
elty machines; on application will send prices.
THOS. R. FOOTE Mfg. Co.. Los Angeles, Cal.
$l£«0 CAN be made during campaign season
6elllnjr our campaign ties; greatest ' sellers
ever Introduced; territory going; write imme-
diately; full line white and fancy rubber col-
lar*; enclose stamp. Dept. C. M. & M. Mfg.
Co., Springfield, Mass. :-Vvi-"'-
AGENTS to sell most attractive campaign and
street fair badges; new designs: excellent
portraits: sams'.es 25c. National Badge and
Novelty Co.. mfr.. Cleveland. Ohio.
AGENTS of ability and experience In life lnsur-
ance. Call at room 101. 997 Market cor. Sixth.
WE handle newest novelties for acents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' FT7PPI.Y CO.. M51 lSth »t.
ASTROLOGY.
MME. HICKEY. astrologiet; get your horoscope
with full explanation of your future. 50c; card
reading and palmistry. S.'c. 1933 Mission st
ATTORNEYS AT J,A\Y.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without euccefs; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, 927 Market st. r.
CC7; all cases and collections; money loaned.
FRKE advice; divorce laws, damaces. estates.
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. !
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- j
I ket St.: consultation Tree: no fees in advance.
j CUSTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. 917 Market
j st.. r. F25; cpen eve.. 7-9: consultation free.
; BATH CABINETS. .
ROBINSON $5, 4-panel folding; door opens: firm
and 6afe. W. S. BROWN, gen. act. 416 Ellis.
UELOIAX IIAIIES.
200 BELGIANS; cheap; youngsters; trios; does
with litters. See them at 314 Golden Gate ave.
BICYCLES — For Srtle or Exchange,
WANTED— Second-hand gent's' bicycle In good
order; 22-lncb. frame; cash. Box 1648, Call.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $12»— OLD-ESTAB. restaurant: clems to
Chronicle building; average receipts about
: $60 per day; rent $75; a splendid offer; owner
i will allow 5 days' trial. Call R. G. WILKE,
' 2C^4 Kearny st.
A — AGENT wanted for manufacturing busi-
ness; capital needed about $1000; no opposi-
tion cn this coast; about 40 per cent profit;
manufacturer from Oregon here now to give
contracts for 5 years. Call R. G. WILKE,
2Z\i Kearny et.
A— $750; CANDY store and Ice cream parlor in
Oakland; beautifully furnished and a cCo. 1
paying business; rent $60; owner compelled
by ill health to retire. See R. G. WILKE.
26\k Kearny st.
A— 11500;' DAIRY, produce and delicacy store
with milk route; 4 horses, 2 wagons, 1 buggy,
3 pets harness, cream separator, etc; rent
S2S; business clearing $150 per month. Call R.
O. WILKE, 26>i Kearny st.
! A— JSOO; CORNER grocery and bar; one block
j Eouth.of Market and Fifth sts.; rent $45; a
• good corner; all cash trade, mostly In bar.
Cail R. Q. W^LKK. 2fi^ Kearny Bt.
A— $750; SALOON, with pool table; close to
Call bldg.: rent JC5; a splendid location and
Rood paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
1 26Vi Kearny Bt.
1
I A— $200; RESTAURANT and chophouse on wa-
ter front; rent $15; bargain. R. G. WILKE,
SfiVi Kearny st
j $1100 — TRIAL given; saloon near Market St.;
I barpain; goins 13ast cause of sale. Mc-
j I*AUGHLIN & CO^ 7774 Market st.
SSK— PARTNER wanted; barber business and
billiard parlors; prosi>erous country town.
Mclaughlin & co., 77714 iiarket st.
SALOON for sale; great bargain; must be sold
at once; centrally located. s McBRIDE & CO..
% WO Howard tt.
EXCELLENT opportunity to buy a bona ne'e
business in the heart cf city; old-established
and large profits: books open for inspection;
owner retiring; bargain. Lane & Co., S65 Mkt
SALOON: $500; country town; good business:
sickness; prtn. Et. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market.
WANTED t
Two to three thousand dollars to Invest In the
manufacturing and sale of three of "the very
be»t money-making devices in the Unfted
States.; a fortune to the right party of either
ee\; none but principals need answer; thor-
ough investigation solicited. Address box 1C33,
Cail offlce.
FORECASTING future movement of certain
stocks by scientific rules, methods, supply and
demand systems, chart guides (for successful
I Stock Exchange speculation) ; valuable for
1 novice or expert: send for Illustrated circular,
best published: MAILED FREE. Investment
Specialist, suite 419, 40 Exchange place. New
York. - -
J430O— GROCERY store for sale; located in best
part of town; an established wholesale and
retail trade for over 20 years; strict -investi-
gation desired; good lease: cheap rent; any-
one looking for a paying business can get a
bargain; must be sold on account of sickness.
Particulars, box 1S75, Call office.
BIG money In living picture machines; also our
punching machines; greatest and most profit-
able machines ever manufactured; one will
pay your rent; write for catalogue. American
Auto- Machine Co., 52 Howard St.. New York.
AN exceptional opportunity is offered to secure
an Interest In paying, legitimate business,
where services of capable, energetic man are
required; investigation and references. Box
. 19C4. Call office. .
CHICKEN ranch for sale — J50 chickens. 2 ln-
cubators, 1 brooder house, 7 chicken houses,
a lot of wire netting; one block from Fruit-
vale ave. J. W. ELROD. Frultvale Station,
Cal. .
CAN Insure party Investing $1200 a position at
$100 per month besides profit on business; per-
son Investing the money will have full control.
Box 1967, Call office.
$4000— OIL property near Santa Barbara; will
exchange for unlncumbered house or cottage
property In or near city. Advise W. P., box
19C0, Call offlce.
WANTED — Stationery, notions or delicacy and
dairy produce store; no ajcnt». Box 1956, Call.
HARDWARE store, tinning, plumbing shop;
gocd business. 1 1. J. TRUMAN, Columbia Bk.
SALOON; central: bargain. M. BLUMENTIIAL
& CO., wholesale liquor dealers, 658 Mission.
CURLED hair factorj', one-half Interest; muel
be sold. Box 1G42, Call office.
LADIES — A good paying business for sale
cheap. Box 1C47, Call offlce.
FOR sale— Restaurant: 1014 Hyde st., across
from car-house; very cheap.
BARBER shop and living room for sale. 114
Fourth et
WANTED— Lady or gent for theatrical enter-
prise: all ready to start;/ must have $500. Ad-
dress box 1955, Call office.
FOR eale— A good locksmith business; cheap.
1400 Polk st; call bet. 7 and 8 p. m.
RARE chance: good business; day saloon; 8.E,
corner Clay and Davis. PHIL S. BEEL. ;
A FINE store suitable for any business; 12S
O'Farrell Bt, cor. Powell. Apply IB Grant ave.
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk depot,' etc. ; fine
location; place Is entirely covered; contains 3
etalls; rent only $15; water free. Inquire WE
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
BICYCLE repair shop; lathe, tools, wheels and
everything required; can be improved; a flrst-
claes bus; going to Europe. Box 1935. Call. :
*?750— CORNER grocery; established for years;
fresh stock; location- one of the best In the
city. Apply J. W. Z.. 221 Oak st. *
BOARDING-HOUSE. 25 rooms; large dinlng-
rocm and kitchen; complete." "OUR HOUSE,"
ES8 Illinois st.. Potrero.
SMALL drugstore downtown: for sale; accept
any reasonable offer., Address box 162S. Call.
FOR SALE— Blacksmith-shop; Point Reyes
station. Marln County. CaL
BUTCHER business ; good trade; elegant fix-
tures; bargain. 17 Lapidge «t.. Off. 18th. -" -
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento Et.
LODGING-HOUSES v FOR. SALE.
A-16 ROOMS; full; ~hskpV.*; :" clears ?4B...... *7<X>
€3 rooms; A No. 1; flne . ....... :. 3400
IS rooms; rent $100; clears' $150 ...2000
40 rooms: finest Irr this city......;.;^...".;.. 6500
37 rooms; elegant and profitable..'... .4500
List of 214 houses.' Tel. black 1S03.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market Bt. r. 1.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central ;....... $1000
ll-room house; $300 down, •• balance easy.". 500
20-room bouse; first-class ..........'; 1050
SO-rocm house; all newly furnished........ 3100
ll-room hou s». S475. ¦* 6-room flat ...........' 325
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market St.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned; to buy or eell your lodging
house or furniture and secure • satisfaction
write: or caJl . SCHWEINHARD: &»CO.. 917
Market Bt, above Fifth,; tel. Mint ; 191L . ?. ; :
TWO mortgaged houses. 44 and 48 rooms;'will
. eell for little over mortgages. C. D. DAVIB.
. room £3." 916 Market- st. s -¦ " - . . ¦¦
LODGING-HOUSES ; FOR ! SALE..
78-ROOM HOUSE
........CHEAP RENT— DOWNTOWN.........
.-...WORTH $6000.:....................
...$2300 WILL BUY IT; OWNER
must leave city... •
100 rooms; rent $50. $1300
!6 rooms: fine corner; clears $200.... 17C0
SO- room "house ; clears $300...'.....: 1700
16 rooms; flne corner; clears $100......;... 1000
12 rooms on Post Et.; half payments.". ...550
40-room house on Powell st.r.."::;v;lw.... 2500
10 rooms; new;: elegant furniture.. 650
21 rooms; clears $150 ..:.. KuO
16-room boarding-house; full....: 1300
8-room flat; downtown. 4C0
DECKER. 1020 Market St.. phone Mint 796.,
16 ROOMS; newly furnished; a bargain; $700.
15 rooms, $750; $400 cash, balance easy paymts.
44 rooms; housekeeping apartments. . .
16-room boarding-house; all full...:. 1.1150
24 rooms: transient house; see this........ 1050
- ll-room house; cheap..........' '475
30. rooms; all on one floor; full; paying.
17 rooms; near. Market; transient .1600
60-room house; north of Market.
2S-room boarding-house; fine location....- 2500
See list of other houses at offlce. -
EMERY & SMITH, 3 Eddy st
FOR sale — Account of sickness; 9-room house,
newly furnished; 5 steady roomers; pays rent:
homelike; no reasonable offer refused. . . -1212
Howard at; no agents.
20-ROOM. Eddy st. $500; IS rooms. O'Farrell st,
$500. CD. DAVIS, room 69. 01S Market st.
~ CARRIAGES ~AND WAGONS.
WAGON for pale. S14 Mission Bt.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. : EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. , 1 express wason, 6ingle. also llrfht
camping. wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & h>r-
ness. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN ;„ PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF'Y of all kinds cf photo buttons and jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become dlcgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. : tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
I J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
j vatintr Co., 240 Fourteenth Bt.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th gt: tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4C.
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaninc Co., 402 Sutter at;
tel. Main 391. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
COXKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate a\-e.; telephone East 126.
COTTAGES \ TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, 212^4 Perry st; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery st.
$S — COTTAGE, 4 rooms, yard: respectable lo- 1
cation. 1705 Turk St., near Scott.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, -world-renowned
Fpirltual medium; advice In all affairs of life;
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites, the separat-
ed; mining a specialty :.clrs. Sun., Wed., Fri.
eve'e: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
E13 Eddy, bet: Hyde nnd Larkin: no sign.
GO to WATSON, "only" original "gypsy palm-
ist and medium": lucky and true; readings
E5c and 5Ce. 15S1 Market St., near Twelfth.
MRS. KOTTER.34 Sixth Bt., circle to-day. 2 &
8 p. m. ; 10c; sittings dally; G., $1; L., 50c
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit daily; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRS.J.J.WHITNET, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sittings SI. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncurtained years ahead; happiness and suc-
cess go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where
I success is possible were it not for a lack\of
I foresight Into the future. If you are In
trouble of any kind, discontented, unhappy
! or not Fattened In life, consult ISMAR, for
j she is a prophetess of world-wide fame, and
her name has become a proverb In thousands
of homes made happy by her aid and advice.
ISMAR can be consulted dally from 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. at her offlce, 1148 Market Bt, op-
posite Sixth. •
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life readings; ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm. & clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
j ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
I 6th; private readings dally 10 a. in. to 6 p. in.
MRS. RENNER, 128 Fern ave., bet. Sutter and
Bush, nr. Polk; planet reader; ladles only 25c.
MME. ZEREDA, the- gypsy. Is the great palmist
and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh st. ; no sign.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium and
healer; satisfaction guaranteed. 132 6th, r. 1.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
present future, 25c. 148 Sixth st, room 14.
A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, tlocated 10 days
942 Mission; ladles, 25c; gents, 60c: FTawIey.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant; card reader and
palralstry; truth'or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212^4 Sixth Bt.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
' band's picture: 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
"GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market Bt. -
DENTISTS. • -
AT 'the ELECTr6^)ENTAL I CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 00 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P.. Manager.
A — DR. V. CAVALSKY has. returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painters dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted; plates, full set. $5;- fillings,
50c; crown. $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
.and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
• perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed;- lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell st.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $5; crownB. $3 50;
brldRework, $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours. 9 a. m. • to 9 p. m.
' Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market. eor.G.Q.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
• from $s per set: extracting, EOc: gas given. -
DR. ALBERT HILL, 850 Market, cor. Stockton,
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth : without
plates: lowest prices for best work.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny; cor. Bush
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. .1001 Market st,' corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. ¦¦:¦¦'. ¦-..-..
DOG HOSPITALS. ~
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore^—
Artvice and. medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. .Tel, West C36.
DR. CREELY'S C P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MeDOWELL Dressmaking and . Millinery
... School ; patterns cut to order. 1 1015 Market sti
S. F. Dressmaking, ; Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
•¦ llnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over cyConnor&Moffatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking, : 387 Geary st; dresses
¦ made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
J - U^^^^i J?5*y51 A :^ _?^ A J L L' ' ' ¦• ¦ •' * : ' ' '¦ ;
AYRES' Business College,*. 723 ' Market st ; ' llf «
scholarship, $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy;* day' and evening;
just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; 'catalogue 'free. 2 s^;.r ; '¦¦-¦
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited , preparatory
school ; for the.« university,- : law i and medical
' colleges ; references; President; Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan > building, i .-.'-, .. ¦>•
FRENCH readings ' and : dramatic ¦ art— Private
and classes taught by; MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE, Lyceum . Theater, School'; of 'Acting.
310-312 O'Farrell st ' v - .'.'¦¦. -.- ...- ,.,> ;- : ,-.'.¦ - "
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand;:if you want to
learn In ; a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced-, teacher. -'M. W." COR-
NELL, '-; room, 53. : Thurlow>bloclc.'= 126sKearny.~
WANTED — Instructions - by ¦ private ¦> tutor - in
- . trigonometry, "> logarithms, ; etc., - by advanced
• scholar: state terms. Address T. E., box 1954-
-.Call 'Of flee.":.- ¦- •a,;-*- •, -.v- <¦;'-¦¦-->•",¦ ¦::':¦?:> .-.-- .-¦:'-
BOOKKEEPING'* free trial ; private ; lessons ; «
- ,mos. in college not equal to 8 wks.Wlth me;
¦• $25. TARR. ; expert > accnt^; 429^ Parrott \ bldg.
SUPERIOR violin, zither, ' guitar, '? banjo, '* man-
dolin lessons, ; 5dc. ;W. ! P. Chambers; 204 Sutter.
EDUCATIONAL.. '_..:._ '___._
ENGINEERING, civil," elecminlng". mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day," eve. ; est. 1854.
VAN PER N AILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
TEACHER, having half a day, will .assist
"'backward pupils in exchange for board; Oixk.-
¦ lacd or Alamoda preferred. • Box 1963. Call.
ALL students but two. taking, full course this
year got positions.- SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 12S6 Market' st.',
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post Et,
S.F.; founded 1863: 80- page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 LaririrP;
.AH branches; thorough; positions secured.
BIANO and German ;. pupil of Conservatory In
leipslc; lessona 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave. ;
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LB JEUNE Art and Craft Sch'obl; modeling.
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st
PIANO lessons; Leipslc touch and technlo; BOo
an hour. 247 Turk st. . ..•-"-. '.•¦¦- =
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
. 421 Post st, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. of flee— Best help
•_ furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 4ES Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. 808VS Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 411& O'Farrell st; tek East 420.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
AN lntelllrent lady would like position as a
'.nurse for invalids "or nervous patients; best
of references. Address MISS C. M.,lJ2i
Market st. , . '
GOVERNESS, mornings, $4 per week; testi-
monials from clergymen and pupils in. city;
piano,- German, English and kindergarten
. thoroughly taught. 2029 Vallejo st
WOMAN wants any kind of work by the day
or half. Address 715A Pest st.
MASSACHUSETTS lady would like upstairs
work, in hotel or light housework, private
family. Box 1962, Call offlce.
COMPETENT woman; good cook and light
housework; 8 years' references; country pre-
ferred; $20. M. B., box 1959. Call offlce.
YOUNG lady with a child wishes a position as
housekeeper; city or country. Address 1045
Market St., room 9.
RELIABLE woman who Is a good cook and
laundress would like work by the day; $1 10.
. MRS. MEYER,. 611 Turk st 1 ¦
.WOMAN wishes^ situation as housekeeper or
care for on invalid; very best of references.
16'i Clara st. '
A RESPECTABLE woman with a little girl
wants a situation for general housework or
- working 1 housekeeper; city . preferred.' Please
call 118 Clara st. . ¦ . '
COMPETENT, reliable woman • wishes position
general housework, cooking; neat worker;
small family; reference. • Box 1639, Call.
EXPERIENCED .dressmaker wishes enijage-
7 ments by the day: terms $1 EO; also children's
sewing. 152 ¦ Tenth - st. • .
A COMPETENT dressmaker, good cutter and
fitter, wishes engagements at $1 per day. Box
163S. Call. --"..•- .;.-•¦¦ -•- '. :-,-
RESPECTABLE lady of middle age, good cook,
kind to children, 5 -wishes position as house-
keeper; city or country. Call 63-76 Ellis st.
room 89. call 1 to 4. "•'<
FIRST-CLASS waitress wishes place In res-
taurant; good references. Box 1643, Call office.
DRESSMAKER, one who - understands both
tailor and fancy suits, wants a, few engage-
ments by the day. 929 Pine st
COMPETENT nurse wants work by day. week
• or month; also good cook. Inquire 917 Howard.
DRESSMAKER from\he East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter, go out by the day; tailor-made
¦ suits a specialty. 1532 Polk st. 1 . • >
EXPERIENCED nurse would. like a few more
engagements. Address 30Q1& Webster st. ; tel.
Scott 1303. ,
WIDOW; age 46, intelligent, refined, respect-
abler honest, wishes position: s light house-
keeping; object good home. Address box 2014,
Call offlce, Oakland. ". - • ; V .'
BY. young lady, position- as companion to
elderly lady: good mender, writer, reader,
etc. ; best of references from former em-
ployers. Box 1942, Call office.
LADY competent to take charge ' of rooming-
house or small hotel would like position; city
or country. 403 O'Farrell at., room 14.
FIRST-CLASS German dressmaker wishes en-
Kagements by the day or week.; -Address 1424
Howard st. ¦>:
.YOUNG girl wishes situation at light house-
work; no children. Please call at 1308 Powell
st.; no postals. "¦
YOUNG woman wants llcht work or chamber
work by the day or part of the day. Box
1628, Call offlce.
STUDENT desires a good home In exchange
for her services: references. Address box
2013. Call offlce. . - *
YOUNG woman with a child wishes position
as housekeeper; city or country. Box 1933,
Call office.
GOOD cook wishes position - in small Ameri-
can family. Address box 1626, Call. !
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar^
kte; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 60 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements, and
. subscriptions has been established; at 1096 Va-
lencia «t
EMFL0Y3IEM\ WANTED — MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED man,- handy .-with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; best of
reference; good home the object. H. W.,
Now Grand, 246 Third Bt.
"YOUNG man. single, with best of city refer-
ences gardener, also other references, desires
i piece. Address box 1957, Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper , seeks a position
; in city or country; Al references and bond;
willing to work in other capacities when re-
quired. Address box 1635, Call ofHce.
YOUNG man wishes to hear of a position In
bar or grocery store; flrst-clasa reference. Box
1973,- Call. . "-¦" .- " ¦¦ -"
¦WANTED — Situation by a practical , engineer
and machinist; 20 years' experience; under-
stands the dynamo; good references. Box
35S2, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by practical chicken man,
capable ¦ of starting new ranch; understands
gardening, general fruit fanning. Address
box 1971, Call office. '
COACHMAN— Situation wanted by sober, in-
dustrious man; thoroughly understands care
horses, , carriages; good -driver; thoroughly
competent; city references. ED ARCHER,
San Lorenzo, Cal. •
YOUNG married man wishes a steady position
as porter In a wholesale house. . night watch-
man or teamster; 8 years in last place; best
references. Box . 1649, Call offlce.
YOUNG man: Of 30 would like position in gro-
cery ; speaks Spanish and Portuguese. Address
I H.,C, 676 Twenty-seventh St., Oakland, Cal.
JAPANESE honest :. boy wishes position at
housework. ' Address FRANK, 14 Sellna place.
:. opposite California st. '. ¦•";".... ' V.
HANDY young man desires work of any kind
in city; experienced In hotels, private places
and institutions; references. Address J., box
16Z7, Call office.- ¦'-'.•.....=• ¦¦ . - — . .- - -¦¦:¦.¦. ,:,.¦; ¦
MAN and wife would like to get work . on ' a
ranch, man to do work on the ranch, wife to
do the cooking. Call , on J. M.; 1300 Frank-
¦ llnst " .,..,-.,.. ... -'. : . '.'- ' - 1 -- -.- " .-, ' ;.":.--•-¦
WANTED — Position of night watchman or any
of trust: bonds to any amount given.
Box lS53,;Call office. ' - -•
GOOD middle-aged hotel - waiter desires steady
-position. Address H. ¦ KIEHL, 134 Fourth st..
New. Golden Gate Hotel. ;. ¦ -
STEADY, sober ¦ young man wants work; 1 all-
; around, man; handy .with tools. Box 1952. Call.
STEADY, reliable young man. understands the
care of horses, desires a position as coachman
¦" : or gardener: ¦ city or , country ; references.- C."
• R. C.,,box 4611. Call offlce. - > ; v
NIGHT watchman ' with . best references would
, like a position. Address C.'.HARTMANN. 127
/Turk-st. ;¦-.¦:-;¦.;,-"-/ - : ..: .;¦'" .- '. ¦ ¦ *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
. A : BR ANCH • of fice . f or Call advertisements and
•:-. subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
ylencla gt.'----.' : ;¦-¦'¦¦" .-' •¦¦ - . |V •-.- '¦";¦•-¦! ¦'.'.£¦:%'
'' EXCHANGE. "." ; "..-
WILL exchange some stock In paying oil coml
pany for. horse. -Box 1905. Call offlce. ::;->?,'¦
, EXPERT j; OPTICIANS/:
EYES examined free; j spectacles 'properly ad-"
Justed. N.'MnnaFse., oculist optician. 910 Mkf:
'" l-.^i-. :'S3 ; v-K FI^ AXCIAL -t\Vlv.-C^ ¦ '.'¦". ';, ¦ •-.
IF you ; wish ; to Invest ¦ a ' few dollars .' or' a "'. few
.' thousand, <\ where -..trust r company': guarantees
i •'. every, dcllar ; returned,! and fair dividends can
: ' be ; .' made, : answer >* this ¦- and s investigate * for
'>-¦ yourself^; Box ; 1646/v Call j office.-* ,?¦'>•. ;-S; ¦¦:;/? •¦ -;-.
IF vou ' have stocks , or . bonds I of . any kind for
>- «ale. call i or 1 address ".PACIFIC 'COAST UN-i
DERWRITING a CO.. 504 Parrott : bulldlngj -"¦
FLATS TO LET.,
A— 10 : TO " 30 DAYS FREE, flats and ) nouses.
3 r.'65O Jessie, f $3 5 r. 22 De Boom, h-.$13
5 r. 250% Tehama, f. $10 4 r. 36B Tehama. f,..$ll
6 r. 1424 Howard, f..$18 5 r. 17 Natoma. f... .$10
6 r.'439Vi Clemen, f. $20 3 r. 19 Sherwood, f.. $6
A. : M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st
BAY-WINDOW flats of four rooms; rent $11.
;.. 1364-6 Stevenson ' st:. neag Thirteenth. *
BRANNAN, ' 422— Two choice flats' of 3 and '4
:; rooms; rent cheap; water free. : : . ¦ —
CHEAPEST flats in the city; Oak and Laguna
v sts. ; 7, 8 and 9 rooms: rent reasonable. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. '
FEW steps from City Hall; elegant sunny flat,
5 rooms and bath. 8 Grove st. ;
FINE flat, 7 rooms ard bath; modern lmprove-
ments. 625 Golden Gate ave.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. Corner of Seven-
teenth and CollinETWOod sts. .
FLAT of 3 new funny. room3, basement; rea-
. sonable. 3478 25th, bet. Mission and .Valencia.
FLAT of 10 rooms ' to • let. 1207 Mission st,
near Eighth. -. . . , •
FLAT, 4 large rooms; rent $11. 8B Dearborn
Et, off Seventeenth, near Valencia.
FURNISHED flat of 4 rooms. 336 Fifth st
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, M Montgomery.
MODERN upper 5-room flat. 125 Ash ave.. be-
tween Polk, Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton
NEW sunny upper flat; NW. corner Scott and
Lloyd sts.; 8 rooms and bath; rent reasona-
ble. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
NICE cozy 6-room modern corner flat; rent
$30. Jackson and Larktn ets.
SUNNY modern flat, 5 rooms and bath. 209
. Chattanoogra st : rent reasonable. Apply G.
H. UMBSEN & CO. . -"
SECOND, 523-= £ -Two nice sunny rear fiats, 3 and
• 4 rooms; rent $S and $10;. bath; yard. .
SUNNY corner bay-window flat. 7 rooms, bath,
'stable; house of 5 rooms, basement, yard;
cheap. 1ST6 Fifteenth St., near ! Dolores.
2 FOUR-ROOM flats, with large yard stables
and .wagon sheds. 2 Hayward Et, near 8th.
5 ROOMS and basement, yard, gas, water; rent
reasonable to good tenant. Key 136 Page st.
$7— REAR flat 70C Laskle st. off Mission,
near Ninth.
$8 — LOWER flat of 5 sunny rooms. 377 Sanchez
st. near Seventeenth.
8 ROOMS, bath; sunny corner: modern; bay
window. Key at 417% Third st. »
$i> AND $6; reduced; 1123 Vallejo St., near Leav-
en worth; 2 flats, 4 rooms, yard each.
$15 — NEW 5-room sunny flat; frescoed; water
free; -3748 Twenty-second, r.r. Castro. GEO.
.W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
$25—1231 O'Farrell st, near Octavla; modern
flat of 7 rooms and bath. Apply, SHAIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220 Montgom-
ery at.
flat:; to let— furnished.
SUNNY corner upper flat, 8 rooms and bath;
•northwest corner Scott and Lloyd sts. ; rent
reasonable. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
' '" ¦'•• ~~ FLATS WANTED.
SECOND floor flat wanted, north 6f McAllister,
east of Broderlck; 7 or 8 rooms; rent guaran-
teed. Address Adults, box '3237, Call offlce.
FURXITUIIE FOR SALL'.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED. ,
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jeseie 761.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin ;tel.Polk 6D4;
furniture & furn'd houses bought, spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1103.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
,W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel Red 3253.
HELP WA.\TED-FEM.iLE.
.C. R. HANSEN & CO '.Phone Grant 183.
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, first-class hotel, near city, $25;
8 waitresses, different commercial hotels. $20
and $25: 2 city waitresses, $20 and $23: 6
chambermaid* to ¦wait, -city and country. $20;
chambermaid, $18: woman cook, $35 to $40....
...... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housekeeper for 11 students, $20; housesirl,
small family, Alameda County, $20; houso-
glrl, Santa Rosa, $20; nursegirl, 2 children, to
ko north. $20, see. party here; second' girl,
. Grass Valley, $20 and fare, choice place: sec-
ond srlrl, San Rafael, $20 and no sweeping.
and "50 houseclrls and second girls, city and
country. C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
HOUSEGIRL and care of 2 children, good
home. $15 and $20. see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Gear}- et.
SALESLADIES for large retail candy store,
city. $7 week to begin;, no offlce fee. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
10 YOUNG girls, laundry -work, $15 and board;
- no experience necessary; city. C. R. HAN-
„ SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— For Monday morning, a very. large
number of girls for all kinds of work, such
as cooks, waitresses, girls for housework,
city and country, and laundresses, too numer-
ous to advertise. Call and select a place.
See J. F. CROSETT Agency. 316 Sutter st
OPERATORS, experienced hands and appren-
tices, on men's neckwear wanted. L. SAM-
TER & SON. 518 Market Bt
WANTED— Lady solicitors, city and Interior:
big money for active workers. Room 350, Phe-
lan building, ; San Francisco. Cal.
A GIRL for general housework; American fam-
ily of two: perfect home; wages $15. Call
Sunday or Monday morning at 15S5 Post st
A , LADY of indomitable energy, possessed bt
self-assertion; good opportunity for right
party. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott bldg.
YOUNG girl, about 16 or 17 years, to do plain
eewing; $10 month and clothes. Box 341, Call
offlce, Oakland.
CAPABLE dairy maid to assist with washing
In private family; $25 monthly. Address bes
341, Call office. Oakland.
A YOUNG girl to assist In upstairs work; Ger-
man preferred. 1018 Sutter st t
EXPERIENCED shlrtmakers to w6rk by eleo-
- trical power. 751 Market st.
"WANTED— Young girl for general housework;
no cooking. 1831 Eddy st.
STRONG girl for laundry: Seventeenth and
Folsom sts. St.. Nicholas Laundry.
MACHINE operators, wanted. Apply at Cali-
fornia Suspender Co., 6 Sutter st
WANTED— Competent woman to assist In light
housework. „• 613" Bryant at.
WANTED— By a reliable firm,- an active, con-
scientious woman as commercial traveler.
Box 1631. Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on : electric power
Bewliur machines on shirts at GREEVB-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHELS, 531 Mlsiloi st
OPERATORS wanted on. shirts; young girls
taught; steady work; best pay. ' BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery st. *"^*<«
YOUNG ; girl to do cooking and light house-
- work for a family of 6; no washing; no heavy
sweeping; references required. Box 1634, Call
offlce. ' . . ' ' ¦:•;-. ,
EXPERIENCED finishers on pants. Apply to
H. LEVY. Inc.. 513 Market Bt.
EXPERIENCED ironer for muslin underwear:
also girl for sewing on buttons. BAUER
BROS.. 21 Sansome St. •
GIRLS wanted In manufacturing business. B2S
¦ Market st, third floor. . •
OPERATORS _ wanted to work - In factory on
ladies', underwear. 723 Market af. room 35.
OPERATORS on ladies' wear to take work
; : home. 723 ; Market f st", - room 35. .
GIRL willing to learn plain cooking; no house-
: .work;: country; wages $20. 908 Shotwell st.
j from 3 to 8 p. m. .. ¦ :
GIRLS to rivet overalls; also sewing machine
operators, at Levl , Strauss '& Co.'s factorj'.
:: 32V4 - Fremont l< st. ; : no . experience necessary;
gooj wagea. Apply to MR: DAVIS.
OPEH ATORS and finishers on pants wanted ;
, steady. ~ Henry; HUps, Pine and Battery sts.
TWO;lady.agent*:wanted;-commisslon or sal-
: : ;ary; call Monday p. : m. 1504-Market st.-. * r. 5.
GERMAN or Swedish girl to do housekeeping
,. and take care of child. " Call310A Tehama st
WANTED--Flrst-class waist makers at 234 Post
: Bt, ,- room . 10. « ; :¦
"WAITRESSES for i coffee saloon. 212 ' Third
";t street. ¦*•'. ,';-:'•¦¦¦¦¦'"'¦,.¦ \ ¦• ¦ .¦ -.'.->-,
WANTED— Respectable ¦¦ young ". girl • for light
- housework. -C151S 'Fell st. ¦;
WANTED— Girl * or" mlddlo-ased ! woman for
-housework In small family; no washing. ¦ 170S
'Octavia st. ¦; -.-. ¦¦" - . ¦'. ; , .;'
YOUNG lady, of =' experience : for shorthand and
¦ typewriting. ; 'Apply box 1644.' Call offlce. . \. ;
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker ' and ; finishers
: ; on vests.-- 40 Ellin . st.'. rooms 41-42.': r 5 ;_¦ -¦_,--.
,WANTED--Flrst-class ;: waitress Immediately.
'V1C20 .Van Ness: ave. V .. - , ....
VEST £ mnker cirho « understands •¦ running fac-
f tory. 1 1454 Hayes s t} ¦ call Sunday, -r-. - "
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED chambermaid and waitress,
boarding-house. Call Sunday 10 to 12; $20.
, 312 Eddy st. ¦- '' ¦ '
YOUNG plrl to assist in light housework. Call
Sunday.' Monday, from 10 to 12 a. m.. 2132
Mission ft. " "
MORE girls from 14 to 16 to learn cigannak-
log; paid -while learning. 303 Eighth st.
WANTED— An apprentice for dye works office,
$3 per week. 1301 Devisadero st. -"
WANTED— A girl about 14 years old to assist
in light housework; must sleep home. Apply
27 Carp at. '
FIRST-CLASS finishers' on custom coats;
steady -work; good wages. 461 Jessie st.
PATTERNS! PATTERNS! PATTERNS!
At the McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School, all late patterns cut to order; opening
day in millinery. department, 21th, 1-3 p. m..
when the spring and summer work of the
pupils will be displayed: a cordial invitation
extended to all. MCDOWELL'S. 1019 Market.
YOVNG woman to do housework and assist
with care of children. 1623 University ave..
.East Berkeley: a good. home assured. -
CHOCOLATE dipper; good wages; answer be-
fore Sunday night Box 1944, Call offlce.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking: paid while
learning. 1022 .Washington st.
AN experienced aim. waitress fcr small res-
taurant; $20 and room. 1S05 Haight st.
WANTED— Experienced ironers at U. S. Laun-
dry. Sixteenth st.. near Valencia. •
RELIABLE German girl or woman for general
housework. 1316 Mason st. >
WOOLEN mill help wanted— Boss finisher and
.weavers on blankets: highest wages paid on
the coast; correspondence confidential. Apply
J. W. COLLINS. 7 and 9 Battery st. city.
GIRL to take care of child and sleep at home.
807 Filbert Bt. . ¦
WANTED— Talloress. 966 Washington st., Oak-
lacd. 1 ¦'
300 "GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners" Aeeocla-
.tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
• -
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
Californlan Canneries Co.. Ltd., Brannan St..
between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
highest wages paid at CODE- PORT WOOD
CANNING CO.. Tenth and Bryant streets.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove ets.
EXPERIENCED operators I on electric power
eewing machines on shirts at I GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHELS. £31 T.Iission~st.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; steam
power; constant work. G. W. REYNOLDS,
497 Mission Ft, corner Second.
LADY solicitors wanted: a new thtng: pays
well; no experience necessary.' Write box
1943, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS vestmaker wanted: good wagesL
8% Antonio st.. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
WANTED— Good strong girl about IS; general
• housework. 723 Lyon st.
WANTED— Protestant girl for light housework;
Swedish preferred: wages $10. 728 Guerrero.
SALESLADIES and makers wanted at New
York Millinery. 1323 Stockton st.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market st.
! WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsotn St., between 12th and . 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
good pay. 27 Jessie st, fifth floor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; subscriptions has been established at 1096
j Valencia st.
nELP WANTED— 31 ALE.
A— MURRAY & READY PHONE MAW 5843
...Leading Emploj'ment and- Labor Agents...
' ............ Want 7 a." m. Monday
WE SHIP FREE .'.
Men fcr all parts of California. Utah. Wash-
ington. . Arizona. Oregon. . Colorado. Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and offlce fee only $1
Special to-day to the following districts:
DUNSMUIR REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO MENDOTA
L^s Ansreles....acd.... Santa Barbara districts
Reno (Nev.) and Truckee districts
Crews Landing and Newman districts
San Luis and Surf districts
Bakersfk-M and Madera districts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
and other points good wages
WE SHIP FREE come one, come all
It only costs $1 fee and no other expenses
come see
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
A— Free.. Salt Free
Fare .Lake Fare
Free City......;.... Free
Fare Ut&h Fare
We ship to-day to Salt Lake City.... to-day
laborers, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-638
Ctey street; free fare.
A— WHEELWRIGHTS CARPENTERS
25 carpenters for different places, house build-
Ing, mines, ranches, etc.; also rough carpen-
ters, wages from $2 £0 day to $67 50 and found
6 carpenters, company work free fare
Wheelwright, country shop :...t3 day
18 blacksmiths and horseshoers. for shops,
rancher, etc $40. »5O and found, $3 day
Tlmberman. mining company
Coopers bridge builders woodworkers
LOOK HER FOR HANDY MEN!
Any men handy- with hatchet will suit this
Job; 25 men to build flume. $30. $35, $10 and
found; lorg Job ."..".......
FRUITPICKERS FRUITPICKERS
150 men and boys to pick all kinds of fruits,
gather almonds, etc.. $26 and $30 and found
•. "WE PAY. YOUR FARE
* And ship to the sawmills and woods 236 la-
¦ borers for 23 different sawmills. $26 to 340 and
found, anybody will suit: 93 woodsmen, mill-
men: also all kinds of planing mill help. $35
$80. $65. $70, $60. $40. V*. 530 and found....*..!
; 384 woodchoppers, tlemakers, etc., $3. $2 50. $2,
$1 and 73c cord, tools and food found
125 farm hands .....$3Ti r $30, $2G and found
36 milkers and buttermakers J30. $23 found
Cheesemakera $sr. and found*
24 stablemen, etc. .-.$23, $r,0. $60. $40, $30 found
16 hay balers, $3 day: also harvest crews..
In San Francisco: all parts of California.
364 laborers and teamsters. $2 50. $2. $1 75 day;
some board yourself home; boys for store"
. . factories., etc., . city Jobs. cabinetmakers!
woodworkers/ carrtagemakers, brldgs build-
ers, etc.: come see
Screw turner, sawmill company, see boss here
Edgerman. tallyman, sawmill company
25 woodmen. Santa Cruz Cocnty. $32 50 and fd
Sticker hand, $3 50 day...... Planer, $3 a day
Matcher, $3 a day... .Machine man. $3 a day
- "..... ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS.....
..NOT ADVERTISED COME SEE
. Farmer and wife, $40 to $45 and found, see
boss here. .MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
A— SPECIAL...;;.... ;...... For Monday morning
. 10 laborers • for manuf acurlng company, near
city. $2 40 day. any laboring men win »ult
Cook • and wife for the mines
Book-keeper, stenographer and typewriter,
country; boys cr young men to drive delivery
wagons. MURRAY. & READY. 634-636 Clay.
TO the gold. ..:.... .silver ..and other mines
150 single hand and machine miners and Bur-
lelgh drillers.. ........ $90. $75 and $60 and found
350 laborers for the mines In all narts of Cali-
fornia: anybody will rult. $40 to $*> and found:
; Tunnelmen Drillers Hammersmer.
Teamsters and : leborers, different city and
country places. $1 73 to $3 50 day. MURRAY
, & READY, 634-Cfi Clay st.
A— HOTEL ..RESTAURANT.. LAUNDRY Help
32 cooks, city and country. $33 to $50 and found
vul80 short order and night cooks
Second and^third cocks for mines............
.'.............$33 and $40 and found
Waiters for the mines. $3ft~ and found: 15
. waiters, city and country. $25 and $30 and fil
Bakers nnd helpers, $40. $3T» and $30 and found
: Washers, starchers and Ironers for laundries
Butchers.. .... pantry men handy
men for institution, etc. : lunch man for cafe. 1
$M and board. MURRAY & READY. C34-63S
; Clay, st. - ¦ ... ¦¦¦¦¦-.:•
WANTED— A competent man ¦' to take charge
: of department of ladies' underwear, hosiery,
Sloves,' etc. *
Only those ,wlth city experience need .10-
pi". -*jjyi '*¦&¦ Wf"*"V |l| V lll W""aHMBi
Address' E.. box 1966, Call offlce.
' WANTED— A retail salesman who is acqn.ilnt-
. ru with the urocerj'." tea or crockery trade;
EOoO salary for a competent man with saM*-
I _. factorv references. Box 1637. Call of five. - .
A V GENTLEMAN * of -. Indomitable ,' energy and
; pu«h:-Kood opportunity to risht man. F.
1 PERSON, room 412, Parrott bldg.
• n s°% S J n G < « r ary 5 g r- a " at "- PLAXZ & ,
GOVERNMENT vDosltloris-Don't prepare for
civil Bervlce examination without seeing Illus-
trated : catalogue, of -Information; sent free.
iifi""?? 2 Corr<ts P°naence College, Washing- •
- ton. D. C. .
HEIP WAITED— MALE.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary at
200 teamsters, Nevada.. $2 a day
1TO teamsters. Bakersfleld .".v.i2 a day
200 teamsters. , Coast road $2 a day
20 tunnelmen for big tunnel, Chatswonii
Park, Los Angeles County. J3 to |3 50 a day..
Ship dally Ofllce fee $1 Free fara
Vf almond pickers. *1 day and board: ban3
saw filer. $!0O; planernvan. £k); scre-w turner.
J40; blacksmith, country shop. $2 25 to |2 .:>)
a day; 6 quartz mintrs. $2 50 day; 6 coil
miners, %Z 50 a day: fanners, milkers, stable-
men, " choremen and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel. $n3:
baker, country hotel. $45; baker, country ho-
tel S4O fare advanced: second cook, country
hotel. $43; third cook. $30; third cook. $30. 3)
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $3). $25 antf
$30; « bell and elevator boys. $15 to $30
Washer, hand laundry, country hotel. $30:
washer. Institution. $20: extra Ironer. coun-
try. $2. free fare
C. R. HANSEN * CO 104 Geary st.
A— 10 COLORED waiters, hotel, north. J30 and
fare advanced. C. R. HAN3EX &• CO.. 104
Geary st
MAN and wife, private family. $50: wacon-
maker. $3 day: blacksmith. %Z 50 day; $ band
sawyers and fliers, $1 day: 3 planer men. $30
nnd board and $3 day; 2 screw turners, $40
and J30: 2 caroenters to build sheds, free fare,
$3. day: 4 men for sawmill and woods. $43,
ironer for laundry. $15 week; washer for
laundry. ?15: edzerman. $2 75 day; 2 milk-
wagon drivers, $30 and found and $50: fruit
pickers, gocd place; laborers, 'free fare, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. O
Sacramento st.
LUNCH man for grill room, $50; cook and sec-
ond, short order, $40 and $30; cook and wife
as helper. $60: baker, country coffee house,
$50: neat waiter. $35: waiter, country hotel.
$30. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, ,623 Sacra-
mento it.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th: tel. Jessie, lii
GOOD basters on coats; also one all round ¦
tailor. 27 Geary st '
WANTED— Solicitor and delivery man for a
wholesale liquor house; must be well ac-
quainted in the city; none but those furnish-
ing good references will be considered. Bex
1363. Call offlce.
WANTED— Elderly man to do light work about
& country hotel: a good home: wages $10 per
month and board. Apply 515 Market st
TOUXG man wanted to drive wagon; fair sal-
ary: board if desired. California Dairy, 2103
California st
BOT wanted to learn trade. FINK A SC1IIND-
LER, 1309 Market St.
A BRIGHT young man. 17 yean of age. in ths
offlce of a mercantile concern. Address box
1632. Call office.
WANTED — A waiter; must carry trays and do
porter work. 37 Eddy st
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply to CHARLES
ADAMS. 244 Stockton st -
COATMAKER or pantsmaker with one girl,
can have nice ahoproom, wltk- hotitrons; all
by himself; cheap. 104 Kearny st. tallorshop.
WAITER wanted Inquire German Hotel. MO
_ Howard st.
WANTED— Strong boy to drive wagon. 10 to
11. FRASIER. 1166 Mission st
WANTED— Night cook at 13 Sixth st.
YOUNG man to help In bakery; German pre-
f erred. K9 McAllister st; wagea $20.
WANTED— Night cook. Apply at 207 Third st
PORTER for wholesale grocery house: ttata
wages expected. Box 1651. Call offlce.
VESTMAKER who understands running fac-
tory. Call Sunday. 1454 Hayes st.
BOY from 14 to 18 to work In cigar factory;
call to-day. 303 Eighth st
WANTED — A young shoe clerk : must have
references. Apply at 324 Kearny st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 906 Kearny st
"WANTED— Day waiter. 1 a, m. to ' \>. m. '
Oyster house and restaurant. 123 Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS dishwasher, restaurant. 208 Mc-
Alltster st
SEVERAL trustworthy persons to manage our
business in their own and nearby counties;
mainly office work conducted at home; salary
$300 a year and expenses: mention reference
ard inclose self-addressed stamped envelope.
The Dominion Co.. Dept. L.. Chicago.
A— THIRD hand to assist in bread and cake;
day work. Modern Bakery, 344 Sixth *t
MAN of good character to deliver and collect far
old-established manufacturing house; (900 %
year and expenses guaranteed; enclose refer-
ence and self-addressed stamped envelope. Ad-
dress Manufacturer. 3d floor. 334 Dearborn st.
Chicago. .. .
A FANCY cake baker for Honolulu : gocd
wages. Apply at A. HROMADA'S. 222 Bat-
tery st.
GOOD coatmaker to work by week. 1170 Mar-
ket st.. room 12. Donohoe building.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over S feet 1 inch tn heizht;
. must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who hare legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marina Reci-utttr.it Of-
flce. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.. 530 K St.,
Sacramento, Cal., or 1053 J st. Fresno, Cal.
SOBER German to attend bar: understands
mixing drinks; a fair trade Salesman. P. O.
box 2072.
"WANTED— Operators and pressers on pants.
E. H. LEVY, Inc.. 6i3 Market st
JEWELERS — 323 Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. p63 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — 100 men. machine hands, h>nr- j
hands, for planing mill work. Apply C. L. ~*
INGLAR, Prestdent Mlllman's Association, '
- at Fourth and Washington sta.* Oakland, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno Houae proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: ISO larga
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 pot w»ek. > -
NEW goods; quick sales; salar> or commis-
sion: city or country- Th» J. Dewing Co..
Flood building.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly iamaxed. half
price. E62 Mission St. bet. 1*t and 2d st9.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuaxt.
FIRST-CLASS cigarmakers. 328 Bush st, third
floor, room 4.
BOY or man to do Janitor work for tuition at
S. F. Barber School. 741 A Howard »t.
VEST-MAKER who understands running fao-
tory. S41 Market st.
COAT makers, ccat pressers and Test opera-
tors. 541 Market St.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. II
years' practtce; Examiner building.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 70O rooms. 35c night: reading room: frea
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL Houxe. corner Sixth and Howard—
Room? 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and sulwcrlpttons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements an<J
subscriptions ha* been established at 100S Va-
i»nrt« »t. - ' * "
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
- carts, harness. Grand Arcade How Market.
¦ K7 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers. -,f
FOR SALE— Little mare, gentle, for lady. $53 -N
8 years old: party leaving th« city: to-day •
only: must b» sold to-day. 5O Geary st.
BUGGY mare, trehtle. for lady, for sale; 9S0 lbs:
8 years old: £3; from 3 a. m. to 1 p. m. 114
Stockton st.* - ¦ " ' : ¦. *
STYLISH matched team of horses for buggy or
carriage; very handsome. 2536 Market st.
70 HEAD draft Carriage ar.d saddle horses.
Oc-ldentaT Honw Kxrhanse. 721 Howard »t.
IIOtSES TO LET. '
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
cular. Q. H. TJMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1312. nr. Octavla-« rooms, bath
laundry; marine view; rent, $20.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms: 10 Farren ave.. nr. EIHs
fP. a^T ieTC9: rcnt $12 - A POIy B. P. OUVKtt.
114 r Montgomery st. -
G ?, E J?^J l 9i I 'i 0T5 * neHT Buchanaa. $22. THE
McCARTHT CO.. 646 Market st.'
GROVE, 71ft— 4 large sunny rooms; "sunny sep-
arate yard: garden: bath; gas.
KOWARD. 1105— Upper part .of bo>*-. 5 ni^
.sunny rooms; hot and cold -fatter; rent $1S 50.
[•HOWARD. XC7-House 10 rooms, bath and
! laundry; French range; large garden.
W*— ITINE modern corner house. 8 rooms anii
- oath. Devlsndero ami Hayes sts-
¦ HOUSES TO LKT — FfcU.MSHED.
! COTTAGE tras., nr. the ParkTlll De L»p5
i ave. Geo. W. H. Patterson & Co. 1706 Marfl^-
" FURNISHED 8-room house; If desirable. t<r^>
r board; references required. Box 1W5. C»il.
, TO let— For ¦ 1 . or 2 years, a large, finely fur-
I nlshed house ' near • Pacific ave. ; fine marina
J view; rent reasonable. Address box 1947. Call.THE SAN FRANCrSCO CALL;, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19, 1900.
37
LOST AND FOUXD.
IX'ST — SmeJl brown pur#e containing gold, on
Valencia et.. between Nineteenth ana Twen-
tlcth. Return to S>27 Valencia, and receive
rc-a-ani. . .
I/T(5T-<1u rhe ICth ir.*t.. a pi!r >>f la.se i ji— J>
t>c.a^s in «r arr-unJ Ft. Msry'p t'j'.holrtif.
Reward if brtmc— t to Ki <~,i;\«- av<\
_ "-V1LL the prr»un who il.-k<«l up smalt i>..-V.t
Seoli oi« the l2:i"J train from Rosa Ktatl-r.i.
return yjvrae to 104 I>arkln ¦_, corner 1'u.str
jTA REWARD— Dlaincnd stud: 5 !««& between
Cuts, Ftookion and Go',de:i Wei-t i.erber s'jot>-
•m questions a^kod. SIC Market st.. room 76.
LO?T-Auyjft i:., from 1711 Baker st.. small
black and vhlte cock»r rpanlel.
IvO?T— nisrX water ej.ajii.1 do*: ehort tail.
Regard $r. if reUUttttJ to 324 Thirtieth St.
KOUND-A lady's r-oci:eibook. Aticnst UU at
63: Market Et. A;>:>ly i51 Hawthorne »t.
MEDICAL."
_R. and MRS. DA VIES. 1_3 MarketiiiL^Reir.
able ladles' and gents' specialists; 31 years'
rrmetlce; nave treats thounande or caoes roo-
?"ewf-ally; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
f.ct>; ls.<!ie« treated can return home the same
oar: try the celebrate* HIN'DO HERB treat-
rr-.rnt for home cvre: any one ran use It by dl-
r«-rtlon»: prefeotly harrow*: home for eonflne-
"""t- Pent! five 2-cent etamps for circular.
_KS DR. KOHU the well known and reliable
ladies' specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
flo*. tS: rxvltiv© »-ur*: hom« for patients be-
fore end durtnac confinement; skillful medical
attention: *"on«uHatlon free and confidential.
446 Eddy *t.. b»t. Leavenworth and Hyde.
JJR G. TV. ODONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' eperlallst: safe and reliable: h*» prac-
t1<H*J In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
eancs of cases successfully; treatment can be
us*-} at home: consultation fr*-*. After all
oth«— » fall call on him. 10_«6 Market st.
DSS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' Kpedalist*.
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure V>: have tn»ated thousands of case* with
suco»*s: 15 years' nracT're in S. T. : maternity
home; !o* fees. 1007*4 Market ft., near Slxtn.
A PTRICTLT private. i»»<-li»aed residence, a— ay
Trom cmwd#d thoroughfares «r>d the puWIe
faze, for the tr*atmer.t cf women: confine-
ment c«iw« tejtqen. MRS. DR. FUNKE. HIS
Eighth «t.. Alameda. »
"nUETMATIPM
Kltfneye. llrer. all blivxl rflfases cured
hct air; orjy apparatus '>n Pacific Coast: lat-
SCt, best. sure. *cier.t!flc. Oall or write Hot
Air Weil Co.. "40 Geary «*-
MRS. DR. WTETH, relTalire specialist; _ yrs. 1
practice: home in confinement: treatment at
office, $8; any ailment; consultation fr«>e: con-
fidential. 942 Fo*t ft., bet. Hyde and L~rkln.
A PTRICTI/T private and «ecludcd residence.
away from the p'JWc paw, for the treatment
of women: confinement Cipe? taken. MRS.
DR. Fr.VKE. 3416 Eighth rt.. Alameda.
DR. NO tot KKK. lsr<» of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium 784 Pscrarnonio.cor. Kearr.y ;srtvice free.
PR. POPPER, ladles' physician: call on physi-
cian with man's knowledge: treatment can
rn» ui«»«5 «t home. 31S Kearny »t-
MRS. M. ALLEN. 10K Market-Ladles' epecial-
irt; home In crmfinemeat; safe and reliable;
consultation fr»*e; hours 10 to I.
DR. «nd MRS. M. WEGESER- Private horn*
In confinement. 1S12 Golden Gate are,
DR. WISE— The only genuine ladles' specialist.
Office 111* Market et.
DR. TVON-G HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
nwf of the human bo<1v. us Mn*on ft.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOII..ERS. engines. Zd-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 1SS-1S7 Fremont si.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcase*, counters
linoleum, store and office furniture and flx-
a. larre Mock of saloon outfits on hand: 32
comr>l<'te outfits on our floor, ready made; we
can fh!p evrrythlr.g in 14 hours. J. NOONAN,
lit. :019. :cn. 10_ Mission et.. above Sixth;
mrite for catalogue.
FOR «sale ch»ap — 1 large coal wagon, 1 delivery
srafoo. 1 cart. 1 double set harness. 1 single
F*t. praie. truck and sign board; r table and
barn, yard and office to let. Apply 2101 Cen-
tra! ave . Alameda.
, AUCTION p a ie of Native Sons' decorations,
ralmf, fern?, flnxrers, etc.. HS7 Market to-
morrrw. 11 a. m.; op*n for Inspection to-dsy.
FOrR-HORjFE p^wer Otto gms engine, line
fhaft and hangers; cheap, ir.22 Market ft.
A H-KARAT gold stem-winding watch. $25.
_worth 830. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
KINDER Fewlng machine (Oak) at half price
'new*. Io71 Market St.. near Twelfth.
60.W0 GALLONS redwood tank and frame: 15.-
t*A feet i. 4 and i inch pipe. THOMPSON.
4« Ma:n «t.. _
Ff>R «=«:»¦ — A family cow; Just calved; Alderney.
Apply 3420 California et.
$?,¦¥*>_£(> h. P. ga.«ollne launch, cheap. L. Q.
HAVnX, 100 Frcnt st.
4-KOR5TF; gas or gasoline engine. 549 Bran*
11BT1 *t.
TC'R sale, at a bargain— 26-ton schooner yacht,
»:th fixtures and fittings, complete: In flrst-
c'nee condition, very ct&nch and roomy: suit-
able for lonsr crulfes. For particulars ad-
dre?s box tin. Call offlct.
A — RUYP. Efl'.s or rents g*ar machinery, en-
gines, bcllem, water pipe, shafting pulleys.
¦ *-tc. WHITEUW, 21C Sr»ar rt.
tO-FOOT rasoltne launch for sale, cheap; 94
horsepower engine; full cabin: In perfect con-
ditlon. Address box SSS2. Call office.
A — 109 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill air com-
prerror. JARDINES. 229 Fremont et.
A-M 50 DERBY end Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 230 Kearny et-. near Pine.
TALKING parrots for sale at S4S Brannan st.
1$ CANDLE-POWER dynamo; first c1s.fs; see
at 1003 Mission Et. EPSTEIN. C38 Mission Ft.
2D-HAXD photographic and magic lantern out-
flu bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and nre and burglar
pi-oof safe. 21C California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and fold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
2D-HAND gasoline and steam emlne*. lathes,
etc. : general in— _Jne wcrk. ltf ii**Je ut.
ZD-IlA3fT> engines, boilers, dynamos, motors,
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. C16 Mission.
A FINE eult. $10; drees pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLCna «37 Montgomery st.
TTPETS-RITER. No. 3 Smith Premier; lat*
raodel; cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 40» Cal.
' EDISON concert phonegrai#i; reduced price
J7S; concert records. $1 60. naclgalupl. 9J3 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planer*, lathes; 2d-hand. 3. Burke, 13$ Beale.
2D-HAKD fire-proof «afe; 1 _r» and burglar
proof safe; cheap. 41 Main st.
MAGIC laaterns, new and 2d-hs_d; mevirig
pictures. BULLARD It BRECK. ltl Port tt.
SAFES— New and peeend-hand. THE HEH-
¦ MANX BATE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
EA FES— New and *»eond-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. lea-Ul Market »t. San Fran.
misce_Laxb6'i/s waxts.
WANTED— A copper, tln-Uned soda fountain,
not less than 20 rations and guaranteed to
stand _4 pounds pressur*. Address P. O.
box 280. Sacramento. Cal.
KLEIN still pays beet price for clothing, brlc-
».-brac ar.d books. ICI Sixth it.; tel. Jessie 141.
HIGHEST price paid carpets, odd pieces of fur-
nlturt-. BUN'lTg. 7» Ninth; teL Howard 118?.
KEALFKIN6 are wh«t we pay b!g prices for.
I»O»TLAN*D LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton it.
IF you »-;i<h full value for your cast-off clothing
<-»ll on B. COHEN'. 157 Third; tel. Black O21.
f MOXEY TO LOA.V.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and Sd mcrt-
r»g p *. un<Jlvide« interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgage* and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my term* before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 8.
AN'V preposition, any amount: * per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation leans, chattel
mortgages, lire Insurance. Room 1«. firtt floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAX JU OLSEN.
. HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
llr*ral advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
• i-t rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
ft.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1» Third st.
ON furntlure and pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct; Seweet interest. Rooms
€S and C9. Donohoe building. 1170 Market ft.
ON r»*al rttate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and oa
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER _ CO., 16 Montgomery
' MOFT reliable {.'.ace to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HERTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, rllver. diamonds.
LOANS
SALARIE8 and FURNITURE
O. H. HAREHBAIWKH. 2Tt Kills, room *4.'
AT lit Kearr.y st.. room S. refpectable private
place to. borrow on watches, diamonor; lowest
rate*: take elevator. Telephone Davis Wi.
fcttO.OOO at 6 per cent in rums to suit »n city: alcj
I1M.O0O oa large ranrtiw: a!i>u cnsMMitnl n«rt-
gsgea R. J. MERCER & PON. 412 Pine st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
• •.¦.'sr.os: no removal; low rate*; conndential.
;/HQNKLLI. SOI Jones >t.. corner Eddy.
* "KONEY to loan. THE MCCARTHY COMPANY,
t4« Market »t.
ON furniture and piano* ; no removal; cor3-
¦ tfentiaJ; en duunond s. etc. tl Taylor et.
MOXEV TO LO AX.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
• TO salaried i>por>!e without security: all busi-
ness confidential. TouMey Co.. 311 Parrott big
'»N liiiv.iture. (.inn> s: 3 }>?r rent per month; r.
Ci^ntnlfdon. Mrs. Wilson, rin. I01J i> Kddy •<¦
a.W .-'in;. l«t cr 2<! mortgag"*, eitotps in r-r'--
!••:••. chattel*. et<\ It. CC-. Rxamlnc-r bulM.ng .
¦ (.AMI loan.'.l |i.Ta"l:«rU-d iieople-on not* without
! indo.-ter. MORRKLL. tt» Kxamjner building.
I OX furniture. | ianop. without removal: no com -
' relssJop; privaf. LICK. 116 McAllister Bt.
TO f.Vari.J wri rrtthmit collateral or Indorser.
P. F Dis^iim \g"Tvy. 141 Ph'lan building.
~"mT-S1«7.AL t VST It I'M RX'i'S.
THE finest tuning and repairing of all kinds
cf musical Instruments Is done by our staff
of exi'ertJ'. We guarantee all of our work.
¦ rd charge ' reasonable prices. MAUVAIb
Music Co.. 769 Market st. . -
ANOTHER carload of those beautiful Pack-
srd Dlanoe Just received. They are the fin-
est »« ever hod. and are -worth looking at.
We Invite you to call. MAUVAUS'. 769 Mar-
ket st. ' '
IF It's a bargain you are looking for. you
csnnot afford to buy until our stock and
prices have b*en examined. MAUVAIS
Music Co., 769 Market et.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN, CLAT
_ CO.'S hav« the privilege of exchanging for
a STEIXWAY any time within three years
and full purchase price allowed; the best
makers of every grade to select from; beautl-
1 fui new uprlj;hts $6 cash. $6 per month: some
good pianos for $3, $4 and ij per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.. STEINW'AY
DEALERS, comer Keamy and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco, corner Broadway and Thlr-
twith St.. OaklaruT j
A LIST of extra good bargain* for this week:
a flne upright in nice condition, $100: fancy
rape upright, fine tone. $173; a beautiful Stein-
way; elegant Chase Bros., used very little.
sold for each or time at Immense reduction^.
! THE J. DKUTKQ CO., 2d floor. Flood t>ld<.
ABSOIATEI.V the o]d*>!>t and largest hou»«
west of Chlongo Is KOHLER _ CHASES.
26, 2S and SO OFarrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all gradei
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing poFSible done to please and satisfy th*
customer.
j S GOOD square pianos from $£0 to $200.
3 flrio grand pianos from $175 to $450.
5 pecond-hand uprights from $75 to $225.
1 Stelnwsy, 1 Steck. 1 Weber. 1 Curtar.
BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON, 16 O'Farrell St.
REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Nffs to 853 Market, bt^, Jth and 6th. n<"xl
Hale Bros.. _ will c^Bthjse. reduction sale for
2 wffks; open ev'ng's; <syU and get low prices.
I IF you have a GABLEU, p&.no. send your name
' to Ryron Mauzy, 30S Post* St.. the sole agent,
for Information.
I VIOLIN rtrlnirs; never wet; best In the we-rld:
making and repairing of all kind of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
A SLAUGHTER sale of upright pianos for
I flora »re. JSO up. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Mkt.
A HIGH-GRADE upright piano at a great sac-
rifice; going away. 320 van Ness ave.
WILL accept made suit of clnthes as part pay-
ment for piano. Box 1629. Call office.
BE In the Bwlm: rent a new piano for {3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. ESO Hayes <n.
SPECIAL rale— Urrlghts $75 up: Installments
$5 Ui>; rent* $1 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.:
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 308 Post st., GpP- Union Square-.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: installment $S
per month. SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister Bt.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. aeent for
I Francis Bacon and Hh11«-u & Davl« pianos.
BrPERinn violins, zithers, old and new. H.
M17LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sal*: n»w piano*: $5 payments:
for rent. S? up. BHUEXN*. f~>< Post ft.
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
FREE — Three months* piano Instruction by ex-
pert German teacher. Box 1936. Call office.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARKIN. near Fulton, oppoi-lte City Hall—
I.arg-p etore and 3 rooms, together with ?otin-
ter*. shelving, etc.; rent reasonable. MADI-
( SOX & Bl'RKE.
OFFICE to rent: S flne. light front rooms on
Market St., oppovlte Palace Hotel: rent tSO
per month. Address DR. PIERCE _ SON.
€20 Market ft.
FOR RENT— Double store, 1038 Howard st.: $26;
water free; be*t block. Apply at store.
j FOR rent — KlTsnt offlces and rooms In Y. M.
i C. A. bldg.: all modern ln-.p«. : rent very low.
I TO rent-Mod»m Ftn— ¦; well lighted: 25x140:
rent r»a»frmhU. g;g Hayes »t. ¦¦'•¦¦'¦*'-.
* PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaara. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmixtry: reads . t»> i. SIS Geary, nr. Jan**.
PERSONALS.
WIDOWER. 40. unincumbered. good posltl'm,
desires acquaintance of cultured, dome^tlr,
amiable laay; musician or teacher preferred;
means not necessary; answers confidential;
object matrimony, jinx 1961, Call office.
REFINED young lady of 25. good address,
strictly honorable, domestic and muslca;,
seeks the acquaintance of gentleman upright
and honest; no trlflers; object, matrimony.
Address box 2016, Call office.
AM desirous of meeting middle-acred woman;
no lncumbrances; object matrimony: moun-
tain home; widower. Address box 1630, Call.
STENOGRAPHERS out of positions are asked
to call Rt our office and register: ma-hlr. >s
furnlFh«*d for practice without charge.
United Typewriter A Supplies Co., S27 Mont-
gomery *t.
I WILL teach one person how to make a
charm that Is as near Infallible as human
agrncr can make It, with full Instructions
how to use same; have to go abroad or I
wouldn't part with the knowledge for any
price; only one person taught; you may be
the lucky one. For terms and particulars
address box 1604. Call office.
BEING called East by sickness I will sell my
business; teach you thoroughly: something
new; a good chance to make money: ladles or
gents can engage In It; will sell cheap. Ad-
dress for further particulars box 1603, Call.
I WILL Mil one person, and one only, a recipe
for enlarging the bust: never known to fail;
am going out of business; I am the only one
In the world who' knows this formula, which
I discovered after ms,ny years of experiment-
ing; a fortune for some one; answer quick;
first come first served. Box 1602, Call office.
ALL scalp and hair diseases I guarantee to
cure; gray restored: hair stopped falling; new
hair grown; "Luxuriol" bust de\-eloper; guar-
anteed; Inclose stamp for free proof. MRS.
E. R. DU.KLAP.St. Ann's building, 6 Eddy
St.. 8. F-. fourth floor. •
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, gives you
! the latest and nobbiest styles for only 25c;
switches $1 up. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
HEALTHY brunette girl baby for adoption.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
LEDERER'B Qulntonlca hair tonic Is the only
remedy for falling hair; 35c bottle. .
MRS. DR. NICE, office 3 and 4, 42 Turk St.—
Treats rheumatic and nervous troubles suc-
cessfully; only scientific methods used.
GRAY, falling, ecalp troubles, require system-
atic treatment. DR. KUESTER. specialist.
1132 Franklin, Oakland; estab. _66; can't call,
send sump for particulars.
LEDEHER'S Foamo Shampoo cleanses and
sweetens the hair; Zc package; try It once.
LADIEf*— Bust enlarged 6 Inches; failure Im-
possible; $100 guarantee; proof free. LEON-
ARD Medicine Co.. Kansas City. Kan*.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer. In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. OEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MARRIAGE bureau; eat. 1S87; reliable and con-
fidential: lists. 10c. Mrs, Hertz, 706 Ellis sL
AMATEUR photographers— Save CO per cent by
having your work done at Rembrandt Studio.
HO Market St.. cor. Stockton; kodaks. 3>4x3H.
only 2Sc; no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fessional advice free; lessons given, 50c each.
WANTED— To know whereabouts of HENRY
ASHTON. Address MRS. RAE. 218 Noe St.. .-
MME. ADA.-34 Kearny, 47 Pest, office 10-11; If
sick, suffering from any cause, see this won-
derfully gUted healer; rhe will cure you.
INSTITUTTJ of Science; suggestive therapeu-
tics; magnetic healing; personal magnetism;
hypnotism. Prof. Fisher, Instructor. 617 Masn.
MME. B. R. GROVE. 34 Kearny, room' It—
Ht-aler; treats chronic dlpeaees successfully.
WHY BUFFER? ~_ ' ¦¦'.
Persons afflicted with Rheumatism mo mat-
ter of how long standing), or any other chronic
direase. should call at enee at the SANS
SOUCI. 1400 Van Ness ave.— the up-to-date In-
rtitution for treatment. , We have 25 yar»"
experience. 'Charges reasonable.
EUITS to order on Installments: $15 upwant:
fl a week. LEON LEMOS. HIT Market st.."
between Seventh and Eighth. -
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.. ~ r ~T~ r ~~.
: HOPKE BROS.
Msttrepsee and plllowt ¦ made to .'order/ re-
covered and renovated: honest' work guaran-
teed: .prices defy competition: flne upholitery;
phone 1-303 : factory. III and 320 Eleventh St.;
firvt-class cleaning and dyeing. : 409 Butter St.,
Ean ¦ Franc5sca;^taMMtai|HS|sMsMH|
ELECTRIC lights m every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Bt.. near Market: 700 ro.ims;
25c tp-$l SO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
i i'lI-KS-300 permanent cures In San Francisco
h who can be Been; no operation: no pain: par-
I J-!-." 8 . Fent ' Ad - Physician.- box 1950. Call.
J P. '.IP. quickly curled or waved by us'ng Tal-
cott » curling fluid; 25c bottle; druggists.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought _
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED— Old-fashioned sliver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 625 Dupont st.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
lng Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
•ALFRED17MS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1: at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
rend postal. COLEMAN'S 506 Kearny st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. J. HERBERT REEVEr~2«vrKearny~sU
cures by electricity Nervous -Prostration, In-
somnia. Asthma, Rheumatism. Paralysis, Ca-
tarrh. Consumption. Kidney, and all lnflam-
, matory cases; diseases diagnosed.
CHRONIC dUeaF** of men. women: cures guar-
anteed. DR. ¦OORDiy. 614 Pine, nr. Kearny.
"*.«£' .?• °'DON'NKLL_Offlc»' and residence.
HMU Mnrk"t Ft., het. Sixth H nd Seventh.
PROPERTY VVANTEn.
WANTED— Income or unlmproved~city*Ts. F.I
property; must be cheap. SPECK & CO.. 667
Market st. • - ,
l^Kj^L. ESTTATE CITY POR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
v __ 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEW PROPERTY. • -
~ $^°°° ' r "' fBtm *nt; rents J1M0 per year; four
modern flats; excellent location; near Califor-
nia and Leavenworth; always rented.
$8750— Rents $S3 per month; 2 modern houses
and eotta*re on avenue In rear of McAllister
st.. near laguna; lot 27:6x120; double frontage.
$40,000-Market St.. near Van Ness ave.:
stones, etc.: double frontage.
MARKET-STREET PROPERTY.
tu^u/^onTy^cbo 271911 " 161 a SplendM ° PP ° r -
$50 000-Markrt St.. near City Hall; 2-story
brick building: rents $135; lot 25x100.
H-STREET FRONTAGES.
.JS™? 1 ch ? lc * lots °" th's thoroughfare at
Ki e a?s e at Pr omce and On '^ ffet , par "
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
$27.500— Paciflc-ave. residence; elegant modern
remdence. 17 rooms 2 baths; all arrangements
.-n^ "iP- t0 - dft te home; lot 37:6x122:0.
$.000— Green St., near Gough; good residence.
9 rooms and bath and laundry: lot 126:6x137:6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
a $30.000— Geary »t., near Van Ness ave. ; 4 resl-
e «-^i r^ nts I1SO: lot ":6xl20 to rear street.
$3(,ifl0— Folsom Bt.; corner: manufacturing
district: 3 frontages: rents $170; lot 100x87:6.
BARGAINS.
$16,500— Rents $132 50; flne corner on Oak St.;
f- o< ? 1 ,! mprovemenl8 : a11 rented; 3 frontages; lot
3> :6x_0.
$5300— Rents $56 50 per month: 3 new flats just
completed: near Twenty-second and Valencia
ets.: lot 25x114; safe Investment.
$3500— Mission road, near Thirtieth; one-story
building containing store and 3 living rooms
i n ™£. he r *^ r: 8treet work done; lot 26x72; term?
Jinoo cash, balance monthly payments.
$3750— Cumberland St., corner of Dolores; two
fine flats; 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents 136;
lot 25xS9. . . . .. -
AN OFFER WANTED.
$6000— Rents $65; Natomart.. near Sixth;' coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 27x75. 4
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.— *
$32r,O_ Buchanan st.. near Halght; nice bay-
window double cottage; 8 room« and bath; cor-
ner lot; big bargain.
J15.O0O— Beautiful residence In the Mission: 14
rooms, 2 baths; flne grounds; Bun all around-
lot 73x115; make offer.
$26.0OO-Prlce reduced; Washington st. resi-
dence, with flne marine view: large garden: sun
all day; lot 137:6x137:6; don't fall to see this
property.
$2760— Richmond District; entirely new; 2 cot-
tages; modern In every respect; easy terms.
$3000— Sunset District, near Golden Gate Park;
new 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath; modern
In every respect; lot 25x120; easy terms; call
at branch office. Ninth » v e- and II Bt.
$4000— steiner st., near Ellis; cottage 4 rooms;
lot 23x90.
VACANT LOTS.
$S250— Presidio Heights corner; Una view; lot
60x150. • ¦ .
$4000— Stelner. near Fulton; lot 27:6x110.
115,000-Presldio Heights; corner; 137:6x127:8^,:
flne marine view; choice residence lot.
COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
S323) — Mill Valley cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
partly finished attic: large lot; will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Offers wanted for following property:
$12,000— Pays 7 per cent net; flne Improve-
ments; Bush st., near Stockton; two frontage*.
$50,000— Income nearly $5000 per , annum; fine
Investment; close to Powell and Sutter sts.
$12.000 — Hyde st.. near Sutter; good location
for flats, physician or sanitarium.
Must be 6old to close an estate.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery «L
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. "
An up-to-date Colonial residence: magnificent
marine view; north line of Vallejo St., near
Fillmore-st. car; large parlor, reception hall
dining-room and kitchen on first floor; 4 large
b*Hl chambers on second floor; attic large
enough for 4 additional rooms if needed: base-
I ment contains servant's room, wlneroom, laun-
dry and storeroom; large lot; price $14 000 ~
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
New Colonial residence of 7 rooms, bath and
attic; finely finished throughout: large base-
ment: lot 50 feet front; a beautiful home;
price $l3,f*0.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
$5000— Marine view; lot 34:4:6x127:3; north line
Clay St., near Locust.
$60 per front foot — Any size lot; Clay st., near
Maple.
$2000— Lot 30x127:8; Clay st., near Cherry.
f!000— Lot 40x100; near Washington and Cherry
streets.
$1750— Lot 27x127; Washington st., near First
ave. boulevard.
$650— Lot 25x100; California St., near Third
ave.; many others.
MISSION FLATS AND LOTS.
$3750— Modern flats of 4 and 5 rooms each;
good neighborhood; rents $35 monthly; easy
terms If desired; see them at once.
$3500— Nice modern flats of 3 and 4 rooms
each; rents $32 50 monthly; a good buy. •
$2300 — Modern 2-Btory house of 6 rooms und
bath; near Twenty-third and Sanchez; this Is
very cheap.
$750 each— Two lots, 27:6x114, north side of
Twenty-fifth Et.. near Castro.
$1000— Lot 25x100: Hampshire St., near Twenty-
second: street bltumenlzed.
Bend for list Mission Flats. Cottages and Lots
Me A FEE BROTHERS. 108 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
*t 20 Montgomery st.
RARE CHANCE.
$25,000— Pays 6 per cent under lease: grand
corner Investment; surrounded by elegant Im-
provements; In direct line of new, modern
buildings; only block from Powell and Ellis
6ts. ; fortune In this property.
ANOTHER SNAP.
$5500— Elegant residence on Ashbury st.. near
park panhandle; 9 rooms and bath; front and
back stairs, billiard-room, etc.; double lot- 3
frontages; lot or house alone .worth the money
only $2000 cash required.
A GOOD BUY.
Rent $100 Clear.
$12,000— Three-story building and double lot'
only 1M blocks from Call building; tenant pays
water and makes repairs.
FINE COTTAGE.
$3000— Elegant well-built cottage at entrance
of park; easy terms.
Eddy st. : grand business corner, close to
Market- St.; old Improvements; 87:6x40; present
I rents $200; full particulars at our office, with
plans of new building; have tenant rents $550
a month; a rare chance. ¦ .
BURNHAM A MARSH CO., .
}. ¦ ¦ ' • ' - 20 Montgomery Bt. ¦
6OL GETZ _ BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Take Advantage of the Very Low Prices! Don't
¦:.;¦¦ Fall to See Us Before Buying!
$350 to $800— Choicest Sunset lots, near new
Muslc'Stand; ready to build on; $10 monthly.
$250 to $750 — Choice Richmond lots for build-
ing; $10 monthly. -
$75 to $250— On Mission at. and San Mateo car
line; only $5 monthly payments.
$500 to $1000— For small cottages; splendid lo-
tions; near cars; payments same as rent.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
8OL GETZ & BROTHER.
. .ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING. ' ¦,
3-ROOM cottage home; $50 cash, $10 per month"'
TH E McCA RTHY CO. ,646 Market st.
C. C> BEMIS. Real Estateand General Land
Agent. S24; Montgomery at.: <
Make offer — Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass* cts. ; must be sold; SOx 114 feet.-
$1600— North line' Carl Bt., near Stanyan; 25x
137:fi foot. ; ¦ '. . -..-. - —,;¦¦- _/¦¦¦,.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by. H
MURPHY. 630 Market: 2d mortgages; estate*.
CHOICE . building lot, - west . side Tenth ave -
. 125 feet south of Clement; -25x120; about ; the
best-part : of* Richmond;, elevated -.ground-
street, work done; a, few steps from the elec-
tric cars: a s pretty . residence on ; each side
makes the- lot' desirable; ; $800; - easy inpay-
ments and first Installment $40. • W. J. QUNN
630 , California et.
REAL ESTATE—-CITY--FOR SALE.
G.H. UUBSEN & CO./ ".. '
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14. MONTGOMERY ST.
$35.000— Elegant corner mansion, near- Golden
Gate Park; corner: '131x100 feet; com-
; ¦• nsands very fine views; mansion of IS
; . . rooms; modern throughout In every par-
ticular; beautiful garden and lawn.
. . --llents ?232 per annum; two -flats -of 5
j and 4 rooms; near Thirteenth and Va-
lencia f ts. • .-:.:•,.
$12.500— Rents $1??5 per annum;, three elegant
. new modern flats of 6 rooms and . bath
each; Just finished;- 25x112:6; Sutter St.
$1500 — Another bargain; cottage : of 4 room*
and lot; in the Mission warm belt; must
be sold to close an estate.- '
$2750— Rents $432 per annum; near Sixth arid
¦ ¦ r :- • Brannan sts. ; 6 flats and ' lot 25x100;
this Is a bargain. -• -
$3700— Rents $4S0 per annum; price greatly re-
. . duced; corner on Harrison St.; 2 stores
- and flats. .
$3700— Rents $432 per. annum: two substantial
flats of 5 roomB and bath each: 2oxl22:6;.
Mission warm belt, near Eighteenth
and Howard Ets. <
$4000— Rents $120 per annum: two flats of 0
and 5 rooms and bath each; brick foun-
dation, etc.; 26x80; Mission warm belt:
handy to several lines of cars.
$4fi00— Rents $4S0 per annum; .Folsom st.; good
Investment; two substantial flats of 6
and 6 rooms and bath. each; high base-
ment: could b<? ronverted Into third flat
at a small outlay and be made to pay
Ht leapt 1 per cent net on the invest-
. ment. ¦ . . .
$3i00— Rents $348 pt?r annum; Bry«nt St.; two
flats of 6 and S rooms; 2SxS0. '
$5000— Rents $318 per annum: two flats and
cottage; brick foundation; bath; both
streets accepted; J3T.0O can remain at 6
per cent; Fulton st.; well located;
27:6x120: two frontages; this Is a bar-
gain ; must be sold. *¦ -¦ " i " '
$6230— Webster Bt.; flne 2-story Lsr-wlndow
residence " of 10 roomi and bath; 27:6x
81:3.
$7000— Rents $840 per annum: three new mod-
ern flats of -7. 6 and 6 rooms and bath
each; on Jones st.; 25x100 to an alley:
always rented.
$7500— Rents $600 per .annum; only $1500 cash
required, balance can remain to suit
buyer on mortgage In Hlbemla Bank;
two, flats of 7 and 6 rooms and bath
each; mable on rear street; 23x120; two
' : . frontages; Hayes st.
New pocket map San Francisco County. 25c.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sale In all parts of the city.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery Bt.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our salesroom MONDAY, August 20, 1900.
at 12 o'clock noon..- -
SIXTH-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
Executor's Sale.
PTE. corner of Sixth and Clementina sts.;
substantial three-story building, consisting of 2
stores and lodging house of 22 rooms; rents $180
per-month; both streets accepted;- lot 40xS0:6;
subject to confirmation by the court.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS ON PACIFIC
HEIGHTS.
AOmlnistrator's Sale.
SW. corner of Broadway and Broderlck St.;
10 choice lots to be offered In subdivisions, com-
mandlnK an unobstructed marine view; located
In the choicest residence district of the Paclflo
Heights; lots 27:6x137:6; subject to confirmation
by the court.
CHOICE PRESIDIO -HEIGHTS BUILDING
. ' - - LOTS.
Jackeon St., S. line, west of Walnut: 8 choice
residence lots commanding a fine marine view;
25x100 each.
FILLMORE-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
113. 115. 117 and 119 Fillmore St. and 103 Ger-
manla at.; improvements consist of store and
I flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; bay
windows, brick foundation, stone sidewalks,
etc.; rents $84 per month; both streets accepted;
lot 49x81:3; bank mortgage of $6300 can remain.
REFEREE SALE.
The two following lots, by order of Henry.
P.^Umbsen. sole referee, subject to confirma-
tion by the court. .
Fifteenth st.. S. line near Market and San-
chez; 2 choice building lots 25x100 each.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
The three following properties, subject to con-
firmation by the court:
no: i.
NW. corner of Twenty-fifth and Capp sts. ;
residence of 11 rooms and bath; brick founda-
tion, rtone walk, etc.; both streets bltuminlzed
and accented: lot 3fixll5 to rear alley.
No. J.
Lot 6, block 106, University Mound Homestead.
100X120. .
No. 3.
Lots 15 and 16, In block 4, City Land Associa-
tion; 50x100. ;. •¦
FIRST-ST. INVESTMENT.
315 First St.. near Folsom, 2-«tory dwelltng
of 8 rooms and bath, and 1-story dwelling of
3 rooms on Boston place: rents $36 50 per month;
lot 25x87:6 with "L"; 20x25.
• MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Must be sold to close an estate.
SW. Twenty-fourth and Bellevue sts.; lot 70x
125; close to car line.
REFEREE SALE.
32 Clara et.. NW. line, near Fourth; 2-story
house of 7 rooms, arranged for two families;
street accepted by the city; lot 25x75.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
i 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$50.000— Warehouse In vicinity of Fourth and
Townsend sts.; 99x240 feet; two frontages.
$13,000— Corner Green and Powell sts. ; 70x70'
3-story building; rents $132.
$12.500— Union St.. near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house; 25:9x128:9: rents $97.
$3000— Ellis st.. near Octavla; 25x120; house of
8 rooms and bath. .
$72riO— Van Ness ave,, near Pacific ave,; 25x
100; hoi:se of 12rooms.
$K00— Grove st., near Central ave. ; 25x137:6-
new three-story bay-window flats; rents 150
$6C0O— ;ValleJr> st., near .Mason; 43:l%xl37-6
with an L; 2 flats and rearjiouse; rents $64
$6000— Folsom St., near Eighth; 25x90; 2 flats-
rents $46.
$5000— Green «t.. near Dupont: 26:6x80; 3 bay-
window flats; rents $55. .
$4DC0— Page St.. near Pierce; 25x100; cottage-
rent |27 50.
I $4C00— Kearny st., near Union; 20x80 to rear
street: 2 houses; rents $3S 25.
$4250— Webster St.. near Filbert: 25x100; B room
cottage. ' .
$3750— Ellis St.. near Pierce, 30x73; cottage.
$3500— Greenwich st.. near. Mason; 46x60- 2-
atcry house of 8 rooms 'and bath.
$2900 — Central ave.. near Hayes St., store and
4 rooms and bath; 25x100.
$1700— Auguste place, near Green; 54x20- 3
flats; rents $24.
UNIMPROVED. ;;¦;•
$8000 — Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth: 6$xS8
$fi000— Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts '
85x100; will subdivide.
$3500— Fulton, near Fillmore: 32:6x137:8.
$30»l0— Cor. Waller and Belvedere sts. ; 25x108-9
$3000— Laguna St., near Page; 25x100.
$2750 each — Post st.. near Devlsadero: 2 lots
30x90— W. line of Mission, S. of Army; 3 lots
$2000— Waller st., near Stanyan; 23x100.
$1760— Corner Castro and Alvarado: 26:6x105.
¦ $1500— Sutter St.. near Lyon: 35:3x100. v
$!5f0 — Union St., near Pierce; 25:2x100.
$1000— Angelica, near Nineteenth; S6x63.
CLEAN INVESTMENTS
AT A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 667 MARKET ST.
$2fli), 000— Pays 5 per cent net; near Chronicle.
$175,000— Pays 6 per cent net; Market St.; one
tenant.
$100,000— Pays 5 per cent; Market St.; always
rented.
, $90,000— Pays ¦¦ 7-- per cent; ' few blocks from
Chronicle.
$75,000— Pays 5 per cent; corner; 75 ft. front:
block from Sixth and Market sts. ; good
future.
• $40,000— Pays $370: grand corner; all rented.
$42,500— Pays 8 per cent net; grand corner; one
tenant: lease'6 years.
$30,000— Rents $252: new. Improvements.
' $20,0WV— Rents $175; corner; . new lmprove-
'.ments. .
$15.500— Rents $143; new Improvements.
$9,500— Markct-st. corner; store, flat and base-
•.<(.-- ment: modern building; former price
$15,000. ' . .'
Must sell: two flne flats; 6 Hyde st.,
near Cltv Hall; rents $73.
. $8.000— Rents $70; new. flats near Van Ness ave.
$6.000— Post ¦ Bt. : three -flats;- rents $60.
$3,250— Mission flats: rents $310 annually; near
. Twenty-fourth st. *
12,200^-Rents $38; Vallejo St.; worth $3500.
A! M. BPECK & CO.. '667 MARKET ST.
A SAFE. PERMANENT 12 PER CENT IN-
VESTMENT. ¦
Three-story and basement; forty- foot front:
brick - building near business center: yearly
Income $1400; also other attractive and profit-'
able propositions. *— i wmuuua— i •Emp*Mtvfc »_|
GEORGE . M. . WILLCOX. , Real Estate and
¦Financial Agent, 323 Montgomery st."
JSSOO-^NEW. ¦ modern" house; 8 rooms ' and 'fln-
:• Ished basement :v home-seekers Invited -to Mn-
: snect: : terms • $1000 , cash/: balance - $5b per
¦ month :.- a great bargain; see ! It. • 826 Clayton
¦ St.-,"- near Frederick; ; Masonlc-ave.- cars pass
the- door. . ¦-. . ;/. . V
- - - .,-.;¦ >-i- : : - "'- . fieoo." •.--.•. ¦'.-• .- ¦•-. ¦¦;¦¦¦
WALLER st. building lot. 25x100 feet: near the
. Park: -this Is a bargain. HV UMBSEN &
. CO., r . 14 Montgomery st. . - . ¦ . ; . , . . . ¦ . . ?
I PANHANDLE district: 4 new flats; . pay 12 per
: cent ; - the ¦• best j for the: money In city; must
I sell. : Owner, box- 19, .Call. .... ¦.-.; .- . - .,.---
OWNERS, of ..lots or residences 'between First
¦ and Thirteenth aves.,\ Lake and D Fts.,.who
want to seircan r flnd a'buyer by: calling on
'W. J. GUNN.- 530: California st. -'¦--..
$!>60— BARGAIN ; ¦ new - 3-room ; cottage on 1 car
jllne;' good-sized' lot.: BOVEE.'- TOY A. CO
¦: ¦¦; 624 ; Market -. st :.-¦>¦£' ~i'. iA < -.'-, ':i " 1 :' •' - .' ¦*•;¦-!%--¦. ;
HAVE- you ; real < estate "north of th» Park or at
:^the Mission thatiyou. want tosellTiThen call
on W., J. GUNN.: 630. California at.
RE AX< ESTATE-— CITY—FOR SALE, j
EASTON.' ELDRIDGE > & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
¦ ON EASY TERMS.
• BEAUTIFUL MODERN MISSION FLATS
FOR YOUR RENT MONEY.
< $500 Cash, balance monthly; Interest 6 per
cent; Interest only on unpaid balance; 2
flats, 4 and 5 rooms and porcelain bath;
tiled mantel, etc.
LYON-STREET RESIDENCE.
$4000— Modern residence; 7 rooms and bath and
basement: hot house; garden, with ce-
ment walks; make offer, J
A FEW SMALL INVESTMENTS
AT A SACRIFICE
FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
$3750—4 flats of 5 and 3 rooms; lot 25xS0 ft.;
every' flat rented; near 2d and Howard
sts. ; rents $42 50 per month; make offer. -
$3750— 2 fine flats of 7 rooms and bath; lot 2"x
122:6 ft.; rents $372 per annum; near How-
' - j ard and 24th sts.
J30C0 — 2 nice appearing, well built flats of 5
. rooms and bath; lot 26x100 ft.; rents $30
per month; Florida St., near 23d. I
$33"O— 2 new modern flats of 5 and R rooms and
S rooms and bath; lot 26x105 ft.; rents JCJ
per month; on Castro St.;
$30C0— 2 substantial, well built flats ot 5 rooms
and bath; lot 25x137:6; modern; sunny
side street; Greenwich st., nr. Buchanan.
$2300—2 flats, 5 and 4 rooms, and rear house. 4
rooms; rents $20 per mo.; 9th and Folsom.
$2250-PNAP-BARGAIN — REDUCED FROM
J3500.
Store and modern 5-room flat: every mod-
ern ImDrovement; lot 23x100; Geary-st.
cars £>ass. -
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
: - £38 Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
• 638 Market Street.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY AUGUST 21. 1900
At 12 o'clock noon.
AT OUR SALESROOM. 638 MARKET ST.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER FLATS.
Southeast corner. / No. 124-124V4 Fillmore and
Waller sts.; 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
rents $31 per month; lot 24xSl:3 feet.
• NOB HILL RESIDENCE.
West side, No. 1217 Jones St.. near Clay: resi-
dence 9 rooms and bath; rents $50 per month;
lot 27:6x127:6 feet.
MISSION WARM BELT.
North side Nineteenth St., 249:11 feet west of
Guerrero; lot 40x100 feet.
DOWNTOWN FLATS.
East side, No. 1308 Larkln St., near Pine: 3
flats of 6, 6, 3 rooms and bath; rents $70 per
month; Iot>25xS7:6 feet.
. PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CORNER. |
Southeast corner Washington and Lyon sts. ;
lot 31:3x104:6 feet. FORCED SALE.
OCTAVIA-STREET RESIDENCE.
West Bide. "No. 805 Octavla St., near Oak;
residence 12 rooms and bath; rents $30 per
month.
NATOMA-STREET INVESTMENT.
South side, No. 441-443 Natoma St., near Sixth;
C flats of 4 rooms and 4 flats of 2 rooms; rents
$95 per month; lot 37:fixS0 feet. ,
, MISSION FLATS.
South side, No. 65 Henry St.. near Noe; 3 flats
of 4. rooms and stable; rents $30 per month; lot
25x115 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
South side Fourteenth st, 175 east of San-
chez; lot 25x125 feet.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD.
North side Russia ave., 25 feet east of Lon-
den st.; lot 60x100 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.. I
638 Market Bt.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents,
626 Market et., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1S58.
Post St.. near Jones: great future; lot 26:3x
137:6; sold to close an estate.
$17,000— Fulton st.;" between Polk st. and Van
Ness ave. ; lot 60x120 to' Ash ave.
$6500— Capp St., near Twenty-third; rents $63;
flats all rented: 37:6x122:6.
$6500 — Laundry; well leased: Lombard St.,
near Fillmore; 68:9x137:6.
California St., adjoining corner Polk; lot EOx
87:6; must be sold to close estate.
$8000— McAllister St., near Laguna; rents $57;
lot 26:1x120 to Locust ave.
$5000— Baker «t., near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath;- In perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$2300 — Bryant st., near Seventh; 2 cottages:
rents $20; lot 20xSO.
$3600— Elizabeth, near Castro; store and flats;
rents $30; lot 25x114.
$4250— Octavla st.. near Halght; an elegant
lot for modern flats; 37:6x100.
$3500— Greenwich st.. between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$24:0— Cottage and lot; 23d. near Diamond; 4
rooms and bath; modern conveniences; 25:10x
114.
$3250 — Pleasant home In the Mission; near ISth
and Valencia sts. ; 7 rooms and bath: must sell.
MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
_______________ _____
207 MONTGOMERY ST.
WE ADVERTISE BARGAINS ONLY.
$6000— Three modern flats, near Post and Jones
sts.; rents $672 per annum; always rented.
$3250 — A bargain; modern house. 8 rooms and
bath; 30x115 to rear street; near Eighteenth and
Guerrero.
$750 — A snap: 27:Sxl60; Buena Vista ave., near
Halght St.; flne view: part cash.
$1J5O — A sacrifice; 50x114; Twenty-second St.,
near. Dolores: mortgage of $S0O can remain; no
reaFonable offer refused.
¦ $7250— 40xS0; Natoma St.. near First: well Im-
proved and always rented; rents $4S0 por an-
'$S50— 26x114: 2Sth St., near 'Guerrero.
$C0O— 25x114; 22d St.. nr. Dolores; part cash.
$450— To close an estate; 25x110; Sanchez St.,"
nr. 18th; part cash; near car line: sewered and
graded. S. H. SMITH & CO..
207 Montgomery st.
___________
HAWKS & SKELTON.
223 Montsomery st.
$2.600— SB. cor. Larkln and Filbert: 41x62; flne
site -for home or flats; very cheap. <
$6,60O-NW. cor. Hyde and Filbert; 60x137; fine
site for a home; Hyde-st. cars.
¦ $5.5C0— SW. cor. .Grove and Devlsadero: 34x110:
on main drive to Park.
$15,000— SW. cor. Green and Leavenworth: 137x
137; good dwelling: flne grounds: superb
view: easy of from Hyde or
Union St.. cars.
$17.000 — Business property; Fillmore, near Cali-
fornia; rents $1450 per annum: never
vacant.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
$11,000 — THREE modern flats: choice location;
transfer point; rents $100 per month.
$4750— House, 8 rooms; flrst-class condition;
brick foundation; ; Grove St., near Buchanan;
one-third cash. . .. : . '
$2000— Nice : cottage and lot; Fifth ave.. near
Point Lobos ave.; one-half cash.
¦¦* $723— A. pickup; Twenty-sixth st.,' near San-
chez; 25x114. - .
. . JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN. ,:
$525: $100 cash, balance $5 per month on In-
stallments: choice list of building lots on
Elizabeth St.. between Douglass st. and Hoff-
man ave. : size, '25x114 f eet :. H ¦ block from
electric cars;- this location la rapidly being
. built up by • nice, new houses, and the lots
. offered are the cheapest In the Mission; ready
for fulldlng; will. give possession immediate-
ly;- will ' arrango to build:- Installment pay-
t ments If desired. !"¦ G. , H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14
Mont - omer y 8t - ' ¦ - .
A BARGAIN— 6-room new modern cottage;
. bath: hot and cold water: 94-foot basement;
one block from etatlon: lot 50x100; price $1G(>Q:
$300 down, 1 balance In easy monthly payments.
i 728. Delaware st.. West Berkeley./
$5000— REDUCED from $6000; $1000 reduction to
.--. effect : an .immediate sale; 2 , flats and front
¦ \ and rear-house. - on; Sutter; st., near Baker:
i» rents $55: this must be sold at once.: ,
*-,' $3000— 75x100; corner of Texas and Mariposa
' »sts.:- easy ,terms; -lots In various parts of the
city ready. for building. -¦:' ¦
;. --$100 cash,: balance small monthly payments;
' nice new .'homer low price. .: : ;
¦--.; • . McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
$3250— Bargain :•¦ '.4 : nice flats;, large basement;-
seoarato • apartment - for each ; flat; - In first-
class 'order ;. rent $38. ;. -.'¦.'. '. •»./-.-•
; '. '. Offer -.. wanted— Two i very cheap . lots ; • street
work done and sewered; near Park. - ¦ , • ¦ ¦
I. - P. '.W. : MOURISSEY. _ CO.. : 630 Market st.
NEW ¦ cottage,'? 4 rooms and ¦ bath, 'very ¦ cheap,"
;¦ on* installments. ': 46 Prospect fave.;^ Mission. -
$3200— HOUSE of 8 ' rooms and I bath - for sale.'
, 924.;- York .¦»t.».-.y . >¦,.¦ : \ . .-•-'._ : .-.-.;;¦. ..-¦.-...
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
': -. estimates furnished '.Campbell.* 1147 t Mlswlno. ;
FOR sale— 2 flats Yn business street In Western 1
Addition.- Appb . at 1509 Polk st.
¦¦•--' ' ¦ * ¦ - ¦-.-¦..
REAL' ESTATE—CITY— T FOIt KALE.
A GOOD BUY.
$9, COO— Turk St.. near Van Ness ave.; 30x120
• to rear street: good bay-window house,
9 rooms and bath. !
CHOICE INVESTMENT. |
$17,000— Rents $1740 per annum; 6 modern flats, j
8 rooms and bath each; best corner in
the Western Addition; $12,000 can re-
main at 6 per cent; pays 17 per .cent net.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$25,000— Rents $2520 per annum: 100x81:3; cov-
ered with flne improvement^ nearly
new; Improvements alone cost as much
as the price asked. % .
A SACRIFICE.*'
$1.3S&— Lot 23x121. on east line of Belvedere st..
nnar Frederick; street bltumlntzed and
concrete sidewalks.
$6,000— Fine residence on Belvedere st. between
Waller and Frederick; 10 rooms and
, . . porcelain bath; open plumbing; latest
style finish; furnace, etc.; cheap.
Rents MiO per month; price $K,000— Ellis st.;
Eunny side, near Gough; 103x137:6; 8
new and cxiwnslve flats, with all the
latest attractions; 9 and 10 rooms ana
bath each; pays 10 per cent net.
LOTS WITH MARINE VIEW.
$2.250— Lot 25x112:6: N. side of Green, nr. Gough.
$2.onO-Lot 25:lftxl37:6, X. side of Green, west of
Gough.
$3.500— SB. cor. Clay and Spruce; 27:8x87:8.
J3.500-SE. and SW. cor. Clay and Maple, 27:8
xS7:8.
$S5 per .front foot: lots any size; N. side of
; -• Clay. W. of Maple.
J3.300-W. side of Maple, between Washington
and Jackson; 33x119.
$8,250— NEI corner Jackson and Maple; $0x160;
finest marine view In town.
$2. 600— Corner Pacific and Walnut; 82:6x63:9;
grand view.
O. D. BALDWIN A SON,
. 22 Montgomery st.
$200 EACH-2 lots. 23x120 each: Twenty-seventh
ave., few steas from D st.; $20 cash, balance
$10 per month. O. D. BALDWIN _ SON. 22
Montgomery st.
J10.000-HANDSOME home on Paclflo ave.: 10
rooms and bath; furnace, etc.; lot 35x127:8;
best location. O. D. BALDWIN _ SON. 22
Montgomery st.
I2J.000-INSIDE corner; rays 7 per cent net;
Inside of Jones St.; hotel location. O. D.
BALDWIN _ SON. 22 Montgomery st.
$6<>0O-nEXTS $56 per month; 3 flats Inside of
Jones and Post; good building; separate en-
trances; brick foundation, sanitary plumbing.
«& D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgoni-
$ T°^ WE1 £ Sir v ER - ST ' flats: ( ~ d< rooms and
».TT?X cn; 'S l aIone w °«"th the price. O. D.
BALDWIN _ SON, 22 Montgomery st.
$2250 EACH— Fine lots on Van Ness ave., near
Lombard; 23x109 each; street bttuminlzed. O.
D. BALDWIN - SON, 22 Montgomery st.
CHOICE ~~~~~ ~ -
INVESTMENTS
!_5S_2f 1C " nats: / Folsom, near 20th: both rented.
J4n««— Guerrero; bay-window Hats; rent $37.
$o900-A snap; 26th st.; 4 flats; rent $50; lot
fOxll4; cne-half vacant.
* 360 $3o Carl 8t " ' near staDyan: -k* flats : rent
* 31 '?? O i7£ Ine . corncr : Gea "Tr St.; big lot; flne
buliaingt rent $240.
$4K0-Rent $10; Leavenworth-st. corner.
$26oO-Corner Polk 8t.; 30x68:2; rent $18.
$25OO-Rent $24: 2 houses; Harrison ave.
$4o00— Flat: Golden Gate ave.; rent $45.
$8600—3 handsome fiats near Park; rent $81.
** 2£i:£ urk " st - corner - 3 bl ™* s tnm Market.
$.8,00<V-Downtown Investment: new four-story
building: rent $173. .
$350C— Fine bay-w,lndow flats at Mission: $300
cash, balance $37 £0 monthly; rent will pay
Installments. .
|22,50O-Post-st. corner. Inside of Fillmore; well
improved: big lot: rent $1S4.
$R5fiO — Three houses; Kddy st. : S0xl37:C
$13.000— Swell. new flats close to town; rent $130.
$100,000— Two 60-varas north of Market St.; flne
improvements; rent $$00.
J11.0OO— Four flats: Jackson st., near town: rent
SS4: lot 40x137:6.
$4«.BflO— 50-vara: Larkln St.; rent $337. Tffi*Jffi
$ It. ono— Octnvla-st. corner; 3 houses; rent $80
$125,000— Six-story brick and stone building in
conter retail district; rent $S00.
S5500— Five flats; Sacramento st.: rent $S2.
$10,500— Fell St.. facing Park: 3 flats; rent $36.
$6500 — Now flats near par.har.dl": rent $57 50
$530O-Grove st., -near Baker; 2 flats and cot-
tage.
$50,000— Rent $300; Sutter St.. close to Kearny.
$£750— Flats, with stable: Pag* lit
Jin.soo — Handsome flats near town; rent $95
$5500— Bush ft.; 2 flats; rent $47 60.
MOflO— Rent $60: O'Farrell-st. flats.
$4"iOO— New flats near Park; rent $45.
S3')00— Rent $3S: 2 stores and flat: all rented.
GOOD BUSINESS PROPERTY IN RICH-
MOND.
LYON A HOACJ,
114 MONTGOMERY STREET.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine St.;
- Opposite Nevada Bank.
$."500— Two- flat houje. S and 6 rooms; lot 25x
114: rent $40.
$20,000— Mission St.. Just east of Sixth; lot 45x
80. with 2 houses of 10 rooms each.
$2000— Paying 119 rent per month: a 2-flat bay-
window house, 4 rooms In each flat: lot 25x80.
$10.000— Rent $1-0 per month: a splendid corner
property: always rented: -large lot.
$3000— Rent $32; a double flat In the front
house and a cottage In the rear; south of Mar-
ket st.
$2700— A 1-story bay window and basement:
5 rooms and bath: basement floored ready for S
more rooms; lot 25x114: 5 doors from car line.
$3300 — A splondid pick-up: rent $360 per an-
num: store and flats a pick-up.
$8000— Rent $7S0 per annum; on Fillmore St.; 4
flne flats; lot 50xSO.
$4000— Credit sale: only $1000 cash; a flne Pan-
handle property; nearly new house and lot 25x
110.
A— HOME FOR JS A MONTH—
New 4-room cottage and large lot In Alvln
Tract: one block from Elmhurst Station.
On easy terms, acreage ground at a bargain
In Elmhurst; suitable for chicken raising-.
AN ELEGANT HOME FOR YOUR RENT
MONEY.
" ContAlnlng 5 rooms and bath, porcelain tubs,
flne mantel and all the latest Improvements;
only M block from Twenty-second St. electric
cars; take cars to Hoffman ave.; ask for Mr.
Cotter, resident" agent.
JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st.
CARS FOR RENT— CHEAP—
Near Ocean Boulevard (Carvllle). JACOB
HEYMAN, 117 Sutter Bt.
?77S0— THREE new modern flats, with marble
steps, frescoed ceilings, etc.. In the best rent-
Ing section of the city; 1 block from Halght-
*t. cars, on Waller st., near Pierce; rents $360
per year; easy terms.
$400 — LOT 60x120. with 8-room house In course
of construction.
$3000— S-room house; modern: lot 23x114.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON _ CO., 17W Mar-
ket st.
FOR sale— Mission district; cottage 4 rooms
and bath; lot 29x100: no agents. Inquire
Fourth and Kentucky sts.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. ' •
"REAL ESTATE— COUXTIIY — Por Sale
ACREAGE BARGAINS—
A SPECIAL COUNTRY DEPARTMENT.
$6000— Eight acres adjoining Frultvale, well
Improved: full bearing orchard: flne soil, good
house.' windmill; good living for right party.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$16.E0O— A special bargain; 3fl acres between
San Lorenzo- and Hay wards: one of the finest
fruit ranches In this section; cost of $23,000;
flne Improvements: an elegant home: Insurance
$6000; this Is an A No. 1 paying fruit ranch.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY.
$<"C0 — 23 acres 2V4 miles from Martinez: 20
choice fruit trees and vines: nice cottage of H
rooms; barns, etc.; beautifully located; will
take som# exchange.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$14,000 — 66 Rcres, .adjoining Marttnex; 35 acres
In full bearing fruit and vines; flne Improve-
ments; all stock, tools, crop and household fur-
niture go with the place. «tw»»
1 LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$11.000— <00 acres. 4 miles from Concord: XT
miles from Oakland: l.">0 acres grain and. hay
land; 20 acres orchard and vineyard: fine im-
provements; spring and brook water; well
fenced: flne stock ranch; will exchange for city
or Oakland property.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
SEND FOR LIST OF RANCH BARGAINS.
A SPECIAL COUNTRY DEPARTMENT.
LAYMANCE REAL , ESTATE CO..
Office and Salesroom. 460 and 462 Eighth St..
> Oakland.
" | '-¦/
FQR sale— At a bargain, new house. S rooms
: hath and basement:, southern exposure; hot
and cold water throughout : near station- at
-.Belmont: elevated; magnificent view; 6 acres;
3 pasture. 2 orchard. 1 acre around house: all
¦fenced;: barn and flne hen: houses; excellent
. v water, supply; removing East, hence will sell
' at sacrifice:; Investigate and. make reasonable
offer. .Apply to JOHN P. ALLAN. Belmont..
REDWOOD timber lands, In lots to suit; 160 to
t" 10,000 or" more acres In Mendoclno County •
from $* to $10 an acre. Address P. ROTHER-
.. MEL, 5C7 < California St.. ¦ S. F.
PRINTED list: farms 'and -city property sold
and exchanged. M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market st.
REAL. ESTA.TE COPXTItT — For S«l«
ANNOUNCEMENT!
We desire to call the attention of lntendlnj
buyers of country lands to some bargains In in-
come-producing orchard, vineyard, gram and
stock farms, many of which are hank foreclos-
ures, that we have for sale. Our Mr. Bush hav-
ing had' forty years' knowledge and experience
In the value of lands, and being th«? owner of
an Income- producing orchard and vineyard, can
Intelligently direct Intending buyers to the best
lairts and bargains In the State. Call or write
for what you want and state (l) the amount of
money you wish to invest, (2) number of acres
you prefer. (3) use for which land Is desired. <4>
whether Improved or unimproved land is de-
sired, (5) locality preferred. (8) any further In-
formation that will enable us to understand
your wants, and we will then send you men de-
scriptions only as will be of Interest to yon.
—AVID BUSH & SON, 14 Post St.
PROBATE sale-lJTacreiTl^ke Ca; 50 acrei
> richest valley land, balance hill land, pasture
and timber: good set butlding3; family or-
chard: running water and springs: on county
road, half a mile from postofflce ; best cash)
offer takes it; must be sold to close an estate.
$17T*_2fX> acres Calaveras Co.; good liouw
and barn; 100 acres tillable land: 2 miles from
railroad station.
$15C<— -20 acres highly Improved near Stock-
ton; 6 room residence; orchard; 4 acres la
alfalfa: balance vegetable land.
C. F. MOORE. Ki Market st.. room.«.
FOR sale— Farm. 160 acres; SO acres cultivated:
balance suitable for farming; vineyard, or-
chard, new house and cellar; 2 miles from
Grass Valley: will sell very cheap account of
age. HENRY PERSCHON. Grass Valley. CaL
$3:00— ORKAT bargain: 30-acre almond orchard
near Antloch. J5 miles from San Francisco;
finest trees. 5 years old; the owner has to
live elsewhere and property will be saerl-
flced; freight 73c ton to San Francisco. Mc-
ETVEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
FOR bargains in farms, fruit and stock ranches.
P. ROTHERMEL. 607 California at.
$10.000— A FINE bearing vineyard of S3 acres;
the crop ready In six weeks: estimated at
$2500; district free of frost and free of dis-
ease; 1H miles from Cloverdale: winery, ca-
pacity of 70.000 gallons; this place wants In-
spection to be fully appreciated; will not b«
for sale after the 1st of. September. Address)
T. J. P.. 344 Cloverdale.
MARIN Co., M mlhw from 8. F.— $40 to $50 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all slses; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room t 8th floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.
STOCK and grain ranch for sale In. Colusa Co. ;
1240 acres; $10 an acre: 600 grain, rest In hill
land. M. S. CHANDON. Marysvllle. Cal.
DILLON'S BEACH fo* sale; finest summer re-
sort property on Pacific Coast: Including cot-
tages and hotel. 900-acre ranch, horses, cattlt.
farming utensils: well watered. OEO. DI_-
LON. Tomales. Marln County. Cal.
SUBUItDA.V REAL ESTATE.
$12.000— ROSS Valley; modern house. 12 rooms
and outhouses, near station: city residence
will be considered In exchange. Box 4807. Call.
MILL VA__EV REAL ESTATE."
FOR sale or exchange— A cottage of 7 rooms In
best part of Mill Valley; Urge grounds. Box
1618. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MUST^BE "SOL_T~™"™ "
An elegant 8-roora house; Colonial style; good
sized lot; price $»0C0: Grand st.
-Lot 50x125; on Willow st. : $300: snap.
Lot 42x150; Stanton st.. near Morton-st. sta-
tion; $S0O.
Elegant 8-room cottage; Stanton st ; larga
lot; $2500.
Lot 50x125. together with modern «-room cot-
tage on Santa Clara ave.; price $2500.
Lot 30x150; Buena Vista ave. ; $300.
All the above can be bought on easy terms.
Close to trains and schools. Office open Suo-
days and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park st.. Alameda,
And 20 Post St., 9. P.
$2500— TO-elose an estate: flne northwest corner,
125x200: house, barn, well, windmill; lot cov-
ered -with fruit and ornamental trees; street
work all done; a rare bargain. E. D. JCDD
CO., 1424 Park st. Alameda.
$2o£0 WILL build a new cottage of 8 rooms:
all complete; lot 50x120: Weber St.; same lot
with 5-room cottage. $2350. J. H. YOUNG.
Builder, 12 »3 Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS A LYOtf.
, ' ¦;: - Lorin Station. Berkeley.
HOMES!!!
HOMES!!!
HOMES!!!
A RARE CHANCE.
A 4-room cottage; porcelain bath; hot and
cold water: 3 blocks from station; lot 50x100
feet: price only $1350; terms $200 down, balance
In monthly payments.
A COMFORTABLE HOME.
$1000 will buy a fine 5-room cottage; only 4)
blocks from the station; near schools and
stores; a very desirable home; terms to suit
SEE THIS ONE AT ONCE,
A brand-new up-to-date house of 8 rooms;
gas. electric lights, bath, pantry, etc.; lot SOx
135 feet; cement sidewalks: close to station,
schools and stores; price only $_00; $500 cash
and balance to suit purchaser.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station
and Inquire for
RUDOLPH. PERKINS _ LYON.
Real _stata D ealers.
SNAP! SNAP! SNAPI— Poor man's chance;
$100 cash, balance Uko rent; nearly new cot-
tage, 3 rooms, bath, pantry, closets, etc; hot
and cold water; high basement; brick founda-
tion; flne corner lot, 50x103 feet; on Main
ave.: Improved; fronts on car line and near to
Ashby station; only $1100; examine at once.
II. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
|20iv— -SEE this elegant modern bungalow cot-
tage; lot 45x120: facing on car line and only
2 blocks from station: five flne rooms; larga
hall, porcelain bath and modern plumbing
throughout: tinted walls; a little gem; $154
cash, balance on easy monthly payments. H.
D. IRWIN. Railroad waiting room, Lorin sta-
tion; open Sundays.
$2000 — New 6-room cottage; one block to sta-
tion and electric cars; lot 33x100; connected
-with sewer, gas and water; high basement:
tiled sink; porcelain bath; gaa fixtures; ready
to move into: $100 cash, balance $20 per
month ; worth that to rent. TV". C, MOR AN.
$2000— NEW 6-room cottage; corner lot. 48x128;
between two car lines; all ready to move Into;
porcelain bath; tiled sink: stationary tubs,
etc.: $ion down, balance $20 per month; »««
these new cottages If you want a bargala.
W. C. MOHAN. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
HOPKINS Terrace, overlooking the bay: SSI
feet above sea level; only two blocks from
Berryman station, terminus of Telegraph ave.
electric railroad; the finest building site any-
where on the Pacific Coast; lots for sale;
50x135: street work all done; the Ideal spot
for a home. Apply to MASON & McLENA-
THKN. adjoining P. P.. Berkeley Station.
J2000— A NEW *-room cottage; connected with
gaa and water mains; street work all done;
electric cars pass the property; cash or In-
stallments. Apply to MASON A McLENA-
THEN. adjoining P. O.. Berkeley.
$1S3O— 4-ROOM cottage near university; lot 40
xl3S: a bargain: fruit trees and Bowers.
Klegant lot; 75x130: one block of university;
only one left: must be sold. WURTS, Seven-
teenth and Broadway.
TO rent, near the university, a thoroughly
well appointed house of VS rooms: in th* vtrr
best part of Berkeley; complete In every par-
ticular, with furnace, electric lights, gas. etc.
Apply to MASON - McLENAHEN. adjoining
P. P.. Berkeley.
C. C. BEMIS. Reat Estate and General Land
Agent. S24 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 87x120. with modern
house of 9 rooms. -
SAFE Investment for VZ00: block of land favor-
ably located tiear coming Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars C.WILLMOTT. $16 Market st..3.r.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
KRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHICKEN ranch of «~ acres (2 In fruit), with"
house of S rooms and big barn. Is for rent
for only $13 a month : stock, containing 5G0
.chickens. 8 Incubators, brooders, cornmlll.
cookuove. cutter, wagon and other Imple-
ments, for ' sale very cheap. C. S EITZ. H2
Broadway. Oakland. - <
$T(¥V- BALANCE $25 per month -.nicest home In
Frultvale; 2 minutes from railway station: on
the Hne of electric cars. For further particu-
lars address box 2015. Call office. Oakland.
BUY- : a. coiy place of the owner; 5 rooms and
bath; stable; chicken-bouses; fruits: berries;
-palms; flowers. Cameron St., few steps back
of Altenheim. ¦
SUNNY Fruttvale. near station ;* no fogs or
harsh winds; lovely lower flat. 4 rooms, fur-
nished: reasonable: adults. Address box 53.
Frultvale. .. ¦ . -
For Additional Classified Adverti»a-
ments Se» Fag» 33.Concerning States.
What is the most religious State? Ma»s.
The most esotlstical? Me.
Not 'a State for the untidy? "Wash.
The most Asiatic? Ala. or Ind.
The father of States? Pa.
The most maidenly? Miss.;
•The most useful in haying time? Mo.
Best In time of flood? Ark.
Decimal - State? Tenn.
State of astonishment ''La.
State of exclamation? O. :
State to cure the sick? Md.
The most unhealthy? 111.
Best State for students? Conn.
State where there is no *such word as
fail? Kan.-Ex.
Continued , from Page Thirty-Nine.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E H Jenks, Omaha *
L E Mahan, Eureka
H E Stoll. Alameda
Miss H Brown, Ala
W- Schiller, Wls
A Schiller, Portland >
H E Jud:re, Portland
N T Praed. Cal
J W Clark & w.S Rosa
C E Ackerman, Ala
W O Woods, Sacto
T LIppman, Berkeley
A C Putnam, Oakland
T B Thompson, Ala
A C Peetman, Oakland
T B Thompson, Berkly
B F Dunphy & w. Or
J Bickwell, Ariz
O Ball, Tucson
H E Wilson, Bakersfld
Dora Cummings, Cal
G E Foster & w, Cal
Mm AVtiods, Bakersfld
A H Eddy & w, S Jose
R Bridges, Olympla
R C Johnston, Seattle
W J Hupp, Vacavllle
J W Hurp Jr. Vacav
C E Jones, Portland
B A Towne, Sacto I
Mrs B Billion, Sacto I
S Wettersrell. Minn
Dr W Chapln, N Y
J C Ells. Dayton
J'Platz, Syracuse
Mrs Morrow, S Rosa
Mrs Bournes, S Rosa
J A Dunn & w, N Y
H B Thompson, Tacma
Carrie Thompson, Ta
coma
H A FIndlay, Vancouv
D H Williams, Mo
W Winter & w, Sacto
8 A Kennedy, Sacto
S M Fassett & w, Cal
A J Rowan, Los Ang
C T B*nder_& w, Nev
Miss Cora Kile, Cal
C W McMillan, Mo
A M Barker,', San Jose
F H Moon &.w, S Jose
Mrs Cotter. San Jose
Miss McKenzle, S Jose
W J Lorlng. Angels
E W KInsr. Uklah .'
L C Lewis. Hanford
R L Harter. Colgate
D P Cameron. Mt View
J R Chase. San Jose
Mrs H McKay, Napa
PALACE HOTEL.
M Boutofsky, Russia
M. i Semenoff. Russia
M. lVister, Russia
M N Wellosltz, Dres
den
F P Brady. Cal
J Stewart & w, Chlcag
Mrs W Irvine, Chicago
Miss A Irvine, Chicago
W L Christian, Minn
W H Brewer, SMateo
H L Smith/ San Mated
C Foster. S Rafael <i
F W Swanton, S Cruz
J Clack, Spokane
Dr H B Luhn, Sopkne
Clay Clement, NY
Mrs Clement. NY
L R Ptockwell, N Y
R G Whltleck, N Y ,
Mrs TL Cornell. N Y
PP Little & fy. Colo
B Sreman & : w. Oakld'
T B Dick & w, Vallejo
Mr Gedce, Vallejo
Miss Gedge. Vallejo
.1 I> Cordray, Portland
Mrs D Sullivan Texas
W E Sullivan, Texas
J W Diaz. N Y
Senor Ccro, N Y .- .
Ml«« M Robinson, N T
E C Ga3> & w, U S N
O L Sutherland. NY
W W Chapln. Sacto
C B Frost. ¦ Boston -
G B Warren, Berkeley
J C Sullivan & w, N Y
F L Mather, N Y
Miss K Darley. N Y
E R Kmeriton, N Y
W A Hoppin & w. R I
Mrs Wheaon, R I
D E Johnson, . Chicago
S Rothschild. Ohio
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss Fields. S Rosa
J T Herthum. NY
C Buck, ; Boston : '
Ed Brown, Cincinnati
W. Mitchell. Circle City
RE Colo, Reddlne
W H South. W, Va
Miss Winifred." W .Va.
Mrs McGuire & s. Idah
W T Lynch. S.C
W T Schremen. Cal
J C Scott, Antloch
R R Bl!s.«. N Y !
W R Winn. Pnoenlx
C Armstrong. - Phoenix
C W Robison. Vallejo
F Rykerd, Astoria •
M Gleason, ¦ Astoria
O Brstrom.. Vallejo' .
C Moruan, Wash
R Winters, Oregon
-HAVRE— Sailed , Aug -, IS— Stmr L'Aqultalne,
for '¦ New, York. - .\Vi'WJ^'yll)«W'T'»^BS t *P*»E>Bsssf'
i HAMBURG— Arrived Aue IS— Stmr Columbia,
from New -York. '¦¦¦¦¦'¦'
•,*: LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug : 18— Stmr ' Campa
nla,"i from New ,York.
;¦ . Sailed ? Aug IS— Stmr Georglc, for New York
stmr Uinbrla., for New York. . ¦; - ;
ANTWERP— Sailed Auk IS— Stmr Southwark
for New .York."-/- '• -- < . . . . . ¦- -,-. •
•v. CHERBOURG— Sailed Aus 18— Stmr New'
York," from Southampton,; for New York "
I -BRISBANE— Arrived r Aug IS— Strar Mlcwera
from* Vancouver,". via- Honolulu,* for Sydney -• •«'
.'DUNKIRK— Arrived -iAus*! IS— Spanish - etrrir'
Saturnla, from Maristany, Pensacola, ,vla* Xor
toiic : ¦¦ &MMM$ r MMt&$M&&GSmg i ¦ - *.
OCEAN , STEAMERS.
"¦'¦ POUT TO WNSEND— Arrived Aug IS— Br stmr
Arab, Ircrn'Mcji.' •¦¦"¦":' i '
DOMESTIC : POUT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19, 1900.
38
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAKD RKAL ESTATE.
HAVE you t-ver eeen or heard of such an op-
portunity? Just completed, 2-story house of
€ rooms, bath, reception hall, etc; open
nickel-plated plumbing, finished in curly red-
wood, dovetailed paneled, beam celling, tint-
ed walls. In fact everything that makes home
beautiful; lot 30x133. facing Telegraph ave..
near Thirty-second Ft. ; most wonderful to say
you can buy this beautiful home for $500 cash
and assume mortgage of J3000 flat loan. A. J.
EXTDEK, Iteal Estate. 467 Ninth «t-. Oakland.
THE CHEAPEST AND FINEST HOUSE IN
OAKLAND. '
NEW 2-otory 7-room. bath and reception hall;
plumbing open nickel plated, finished in
Oregon ash (hardwood), beam ceiling; every
-, room, nook and corner a pleasure to the eye.
Lot 40x135; facing on that prominent ave-
nue. Telegraph, near Thirty-second street.
This property- carries a mortgage of $3590.
which denotes a valuation of not less than
17000; price only J45O0. A. J. SNYDER & CO.,
Real Estate. 467 Ninth st., Oakland.
J290O— AX 8-room finely finished story and a
half dwelling; sunny side; near Lafayette
School: S minutes to 14th and Broadway;
large lot; terms. BELD3N As COOK. Waih-
lugton and l'th sts.
J34O0— A NEW, modern cottage of 7 rooms, com-
plete in e\-ery particular: Interior flnith,
scorched pine and China glass; nickel plumb-
ing; porcelain bath, etc: lot 36x120; cement
wall and walks; only 5 minutes from railroad
Ftatlon: carriages at your service. J. S.
JOHNSON, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$1730 — COST J2S00; easy terms of payment; large
6- roomed cottage, all In good condition ; lot
60x120, with barn; rents for |12; liberal dis-
count for tjot cash.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$2750— MODERN Eastlake bouse of S rooms. In
nice condition; best location; near Adeline and
Center street station: driveway and room for
a barn: cost over $4300.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
JIM CASH, balance $25 per month; new 2-story
house. 8 rooms; modern throughout; near lo-
ca: trains and car lines. BELDEN & COOK,
Washington *Jid 14th.
ABOUT $2200 ready cash to buy an 8-room. 2-
Etcry house In Oakland; colonial or modem.
style. Address 2254 Buena Vista ave., Ala-
roeda.
OAKLAXD FCHXITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from II. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT C2 Second— Light housekeeping, SI 50 to $2 53
per wk. ; eingle and double, }1 to $2 50 per wk.
CAPP. 652— To let, 6 or 6 large sunny rooms
for housekeeping.
CORNER Golden Gate ave. and Hyda St.—
Sunny rooms, furnished; no objection light
housekeeping.
EIGHTH. 34B, near Market— One or two nice
sunny front bedrooms and kitchen, furnished
for housekeeping; hot and cold water; private
family.
ELLIS, 790— Two nice, furnished rooms suit-
able for housekeeping.
FOURTH. 303 — Nicely furnished rooms; sunny
and central location and housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 103J-2, S or 4 furnished
housekeeping rooms.
HAMPTON place. 19, oil Folsom — Four sunny
rooms ; bath.
HARRISON, 784H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 up.
HOWARD. S34— Sunny parlors, t! 50; large
rooms. $2; suites, $2 50. ¦
HOWARD. 1C63H— Sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms: also others.
HYDE. 4CS— Sunny front basement suite; range;
sink; complete for housekeeping; $15.
GEARY. 813»i— Suite and kitchen furnished for
housekeeping; also other rooms.
GtrERItKRO. 32» — 2 sunny rooms, furnished for
nOUPckef-ping.
KEARNY, 1708—2 or 3 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; private family; marine view;
reasonable.
LARGE furnished parlor and dining room,
: kitchen and large bedroom; all conveniences;
1 clot=e to broad and narrow gauge stations.
2101 Central ave.. Alameda.
MARKET, 1C2S— Lerre lirht room, with con-
nectlng kitchen; furnlfhed; folding bed; gas.
MASON. ISIS — 2 or 3 sunny connecting rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping.
MINNA, *5I — 2 sunny back rear rooms, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping.
MISSION. 142S— Nicely furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. -
MISSION. 1604— Front sunny bay- window room;
housekeeping permitted; private.
MISSION. 17r»4. near Thirteenth— Nicely fur-
nished room, stove, folding bed, bath, laun-
dry; :;.
— — — — — — —^— — — — — — ¦
MISSION. 2GC3'4— Two unfurnished rooms, with
use of kitchen; rent reasonable.
MISSION, C23— Furnished rooms. $1 week and
up; 4 elegant housekeeping rooms, $25 per mo.
NATOMA. 2S4. near Fourth — 2 furnished house-
; keeping rooms; water; sink; closet.
O'FARRELL. 742— Two or three neatly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping. $11 to $20.
1 POWELL, SC3. near Sacramento— 3 rooms, with
j eas. $12; sun all day. T
SILVER. 165. near Fourth— 2 cheap furnished
rooms for housekeepins.
TURK, 5;3— Large front room, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $10.
TURK. C13 — To r«>nt, furnished, two rooms for
housekeeping, $12; one front.
VALENCIA. 1S1-2 well furnished front suites;
newly painted and papered; every conven-
ience; rent $10 each.
VAN NESS, 402—2 elrgantly furnished sunny
rooms; complete housekpg.; gas stove; reas.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anil
Eubrcriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft.
ROO3IS TO LET — Forn, and I'nfnrn.
A^BRUNSWICK^ HOUSE] 14S Sixth^Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Finest sunny suites In
city for families and gtntlemen; all conveni-
ences; special accommodation for tourists.,
BURNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-*
I nlFhed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
I BUSH. 520— Nicely furn. sunny rooms; $1 50 to $7
| \vk.; 25c to $1 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
j BUSH. 726 — Lower floor of 4 unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; yard; $13 50.
BUSH. 1030, near Jonos — Sunny rooms, newly
furnished, or unfurnished, with board; refa.
BUSH, 1408— Sunny room; gas and bath! no
other roomers: $6.'
CALIFORNIA. 1257— Elegantly furnished room
to rent reasonable.
EDDY. 473— Bright sunny room; double bed; $5
a month. .
j ELLIS, 629, corner ¦ Larkln — Sunny furnished
I front room; double folding bed; for two.
E5SEX place. 1, off Ess** St., Rlncon Hill—
3 unfurnished rooms; hot and cold water;
bath.
ESSEX place. 1, off Essex St., Rlncon Hill—
1 furnished room for one or two gentlemen;
bath, hot and cold water.
FOLSOM. 965. cor. I Cth tThe Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms. tingle or suites; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 262-Nlcely furnished
. eunny front room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 414A— Sunny front and
back parlor, suitable for doctor's office. :
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast comer Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite -or
. eingle: ladles' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
GRANT ave., 21 (The "Welllngton^-Elegantly
' furnished sunny rooms by day,' week, month."
HARRISON. 1114— Fine room to Trent to a gen-
. tleman by B. Gorman lady.
HAYES, 114—2 unfurnished rooms to let
HOTEL FranciJco-t Elegant suites; single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KINO.', Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms. VJ,-;
JESSIE. S7J, nr. Fifth and Market— Furnisued
rooms, $5;- housekeeping, $9. ¦ .
LARKIN. 804— Sunny front suite furnished, $12-
nunny back bedroom : and kitchen, $10; large
¦ front. $8. . . . ... : ¦' -. .
LAS. PALM AS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath; sin, rms.; board r optlonal '
MARKET. 1055— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
transient or , by - week. . ;
MASON. 219— Newly furnished rooms; sunny;
cood air: cheap rent.
CDPrnUTU ATWUDTTCEMEVTQ
fKlllVALCrAUvMlDLMLlMo
FRUIT VALC RCAL ESTATE.
rOTt SALE BT H. A. PLEITNER.
$450— Cozy cottage of 3 rooms; chicken-house ;
good well and pump; lot 25x100.
$850— Hay- window cottage of S large rooms
and baUii hall, front and back porch, base-
rnent. etc; enly 3 blocks from local tr*!n;
e»F>- terms if desired.
11000 — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath: station-
ery tubs: chicken-houpes; fruit trees; lot «5x
1C4; connected with main sewer; only 1 block
from Fruitvale ave.
Jlir>P— Cottage of 4 rooms and hall; irooa well,
¦nindmlll «n<i tank; lot 60x120; all fenced; 3
blocks from local train.
J1W0— Modern 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath; fine mantel, etc; comer lot, near sta-
tion: must sell at once.
J1TCC— New cottage of 4 larrre rooms and bath;
hall" marble washstand; stationary tub«; e-
fcot haf^ment: choice fruit trees in bearing;
lot 70x116; all fenced; located In the best part
of Fruitvale. -
For particulars apply to ' •.-, -_•¦ ¦ .
H. A. PLEITXER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
•" NEW PROPERTIES. "~~ ~~-~~
NEW PROPERTIES.
NEW PROPERTIES.
NEW PROPERTIES.
ICEVT PROPERTIES.
NEW PROPERTIES.
NEW PROPERTIES.
NEW PROPERTIES.
NEW PROPERTIES.
|15.0!»-8ubt:rbaa home: finett buy around San
Francisco or Oakland; an elegant subur-
ban home; 10 rooms; almost new; re-
oJete with all modern conveniences; S
acres magnificent shrubberies ami fruit;
situated at the beautiful foothills be-
tween Berkeley and Oakland; grounds
level as a floor wltn natural elevation;
a sui>erlor home proposition; a great
Bacrllice; cost over J25.000; Investigate
this at once. LATMANCE.
&230— $2S0 cash: fine new modern 7-room
home; beautifully situated near Adeline
station; largo lot. IAYMAXCE.
$3,000— Five minutes' walk of 14th and Broad-
way; modern 8-room residence; porce-
lain bath; cas fittings; choice bargain.
U!nj sear Telecraph ave. ; close In.
LATMANCE.
$L500— A snap; estate; 2-story, 7 rooms, bath:
first-class order; four blocks of 8th and
Uroadway. LATHANCE.
|3,500— S3C0 cash, or less; cost over JGOOO;
lovely modern corner home, 8 rooms In
central East Oakland: fine location: re-
cent contract price of bouse was $3590;
this home appreciated if seen: a bar-
gain. LAYMANCE.
$1,830— Lot 60x122; worth $2500; no finer lot
In Linda Vista or Vernon Heights; cozy
8-room house; elegant suburban loca-
tion; a pick-up; only $200 cash; bank
tale. LAYMANCE.
H.CS0— On Teleeraph ave.. near 42d st_; 5-
room cottage and barn; lot 100x100.
LATMANCE.
52.0D0— A pick-np: marnlflcent residence lot;
situation unexcelled: surrounded by ele-
Ke.ct homes on McClure Heights; near
:2th and Telegraph ave. ; size 50x150.
and worth to-day $2900; adjoining lc*
held at $373). LAYMANCE.
J3.O0O— Attention, professional men; line 2-
story residence; 9 rooms; choicest loca-
tion on Telegraph ave.; a bargain.
LAYMANCE.
ACREAGE BARGAINS.
A SPECIAL COUNTRY DEPARTMENT.
IS. 000— Eight acres adjoining Fruitvale; well
improved; full bearing orchard; floo
soil: good house, windmill; good living
for right party. LAYMANCE.
(16.D00 — A special bargain: 36 acres between
6an Lcrenzo and Haywards; one of tho
finest fruit ranches in this Bection; cost
over $25,000; fine improvements; an
elerant home; insurance $6000; this is
an A No. 1 paying fruit ranch.
LAYMANCE.
I '
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
Office and Salesroom. 460 and 4C2 Eighth St..
Oakland.
NET PROPERTIES.
NEW PROPERTIES.
NEW PROPERTIES.
NEW PP.OPERTIES.
NEW PROPERTIES.
KEW_ PROPERTIES.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
In Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
?3753— COTTAGE— J37S0.
LJnaen Et. ; cottage "tof S rooms and bath; all
In f.ne condition; lot 00x125; property cost near-
ly J8000; bank mortrage of KSOO can remain.
J4000— TWO-STORY— 14000
Prettiest home in Fruitvale; In best location;
lot 45x160; house is new and all modern; finest
plumbing; hanJwood floors: cemented basement,
with furr-a^; has 8 rooms and bath; large re-
ception hail; on sunny side of street. j
JSMO-TWO-STORY-JKOO.
Webster-et. home; best location; sunny side
cf street; new and modern; 8 rooms and bath"
cemented basement with furnace; beautiful i
ground*. ' ;
$«K>0— TWO-STORT— $6500.
East Oakland home; fine location; NE. cor-
ner; lot T;xl2S: larre modern house of 9 rooms
bath and basement, with furnace: coet owner
110. 000; clear lots taken in part payment; close
to schools and oars.
new— A z>erfect gem; beautiful modern' 6-
room cottage on West si., near Thirty-second-
large let; large rooms; perfect arrangement"
ail open plumbir.r; new.
jlOOO— A bargain; lot TSxlEO. In Peralta
Heights, in macadamized etreet; must be sold.
K09— Beautiful let en Second ave.. near East
TT.* 1 "" Bt.. facing east; 27>ixlOO; worth easily
For additional list call on or address • / -
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
803 Broadway, Oakland.
$23) CASH. $10 monthly; neat cottage of 4 larro
rooms; 7-foot basement; veranda all around-
barn. well, some shade trees. 1»4 acres Al
land; all fenced: lays One; entire price $12M-
land alcne Is wcrth the money.
f2S cash. J10 monthly: 1 acre choice orchard-
assorted fruit in fine bearing; price SC75- Fruit-
vale, adjoining East Oakland, close to a fine
fchool, two electric car lines; away from fogr
end raw winds; call or Fend for circular 4ii
Fevp?nh St.. Oakland; carriage free. H z
JONES, owner.
$i:.00— THIS week only; £0x145; north side of
Merrimsc. near Telegraph; professional men
look at this. BELDEN & COOK, Washington
and 14 th.
12 ACRES, 1 mile from Lafayette; 3-rocm
house, barn. 4 chicken houws. family orch-
ard; price J1600; take S600 down, balance J100
yearly payments. E. E. GEHRING, 47S Tenth
ft.. Oakland.
CONTRACTORS and speculators— We have for
eale JOOvlOO feet, one block from Ashby sta-
tion, east of Adeline: no reasonable offer will
be refund for this property: must be so!d.
HELDEN A COOK, Washington and 14th.
724- ACRE stock ranch. Tubs. County: good
house and bam: 12 miles trom Marysvilie-
value «C00; trade for Oakland or S. F proi<-
<Tty. E. E. GEHRING. 47S 10th St.. Oakland.
J500— A 2-STORY. 7-room house, with lot 43x
100: on eunny side: near Piedmont ave.- is this
cheap enough? BELDEN & COOK. Wath-
iccton anl nth.
"YOUNG MAN GO WEST!" ~~
To a man with ambition and energy wantiri-
bueiness here Is an opportunity; towru,tte."n-
cludlng €40 acres choice land adjoining witJi
railroad switch station on premises- two ca>-
cenpr trains each way daily, besides freight
trains: part trade; terms easy; store and wale-
house needed. Principals meaning buslne*«^r
ply from 9 to 12 a. ra.. 506 Ninth sUOakland
. J. W. COX & CO. '
$250 CASH, balance at 8 per cent; new 2--lorr
bouse of 8 rooms; porcelain bath and sink-
open plumbing; location excellent iipi
DEN & COOK, Washington and 14ili.
1 som " new: ac< l u lred by roortga-e
by bank; must be eold at once; easy terms-
a chance to secure a borne at rent rates e'
E. BUNCE, . removed to S52 Broadway. Oak-
land.
TO HOUSES and cottages for eale, required by
bank mortgage that I am authorized to sell-
easy terms; 6ome same as rent; Bend or call
for what you want.
Ranches for sale from 10 acres to 50,000 acres
Thirty-page catalogue of homes. - - . '
E. E. BUNCE.
Removed to 8S2 Broadway, Oakland.
W500— A HANDSOME home on Harrison st,.
near 14th; lot. 50x150; will exchange • for ¦ San
Francisco property. BELDEN & COOK,
Washington and lUh.
OCEAN TRAVEL.'
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
g\ ' Steamers leave Broadway
fry wharf. San Francisco:
¥lNuw 'For AlBskan Ports— 11 a.
fc*^5§Sa. m - August 1?. 24. 29. Sept. i.
r*r**u*iJT!*ViL Change to company's steajn-
kik »Siw3i e " «t Prattle.
BW^Xa^Y^t For Victoria. Vancouver
F^^&rta! < B - c ->- Port Townsrnd. Se-
r**^^r?*4L' a" 1 * 1 ' Tacorr.a. Everett. Ana-
corte» and New Whateom
(W'ash.)— 11 a. n»w August
19. 24. 23. Sept. 3. and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle to this company s
steamers for Alaska and O. N. R'y; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. R'y: at Vancouver to C
P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. August
16, 21. 28. 31. Sept. 6. and every flftH day
thereafter. _
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Oavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedio.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—*
a. m.. August 19, 23. 27. SL Sept. i, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford <San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo fLos An«rele«) — 11
a. m.. August 17. a. 25. 23. Sept. 3. and erery
fourth 'day thereafter. , .
For Ensenada. Magflalena Bay. San Joso del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. .
The companr reserves th« right to cnan*«
Rteamers. sailing dated and hours of sailing
without- previous notice-.
TICKET OFFICK— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PEHKTXS A CO.. Clm. AcentB.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0.R.& 11. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ppear-street Wharf tt 11 A. M.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
r/AnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
August 11. 11. M
COLUMBIA sails August Id. 28. Sept. 5
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt©.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all r>clnts East.
E. C. WARD, General Arent.
620 Market st
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.,
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
n»»r Flrot and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (HIogo>, Nagasaki «nd Shanghai, and
connecting at Honfckon* with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Falling.
S3. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 29. 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. Septemrier 25. 13«0
ES. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelpht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market str»€t. corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
miV YORK. BCUT71HPT0W. tOTOOtf. TKOX
Stopplne at Cherbourg, westbound. . i
From N>w York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York August 29[New York Sept. 19
St. Paul Sept. o St. Paul S*ot. 2fl
St. Louis... Sept. 12! St. Louis Oct. S
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Everv Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland ...August 22lWesternland ...Sept. 12
Frlwland ....August 29 Kensington ....Fept. 1!»
Southwark Sept. 6'Noordland .Sept. 28
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
C0MPAONIS 6SNSR1I.B TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVHE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S99. at >a-caw_»
10 a m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street, LA LORRAINE. August 23: LA
TOURAISE. Aueuft 30: L.AQUITAINE. Sept.
6' LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 13. First class to :
Havre, $^2 50 ' and upward. Second class to
Havre' SrJi and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round ' trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and -CANADA. 32 Broadway
fHudson building-). New York. J. F. FUOAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery ave-
nue. San Francisco.
OCEANIC 8. 8. CO.— HOXOI.in.tT, APIA
AUCKLAND AXD SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. August 22. 2 p. m.
S P MARIPOS"A (via Honolulu) to New
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Sept. 5, 8 p. m.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agis.. »U Mantacrorr)
Pisr 7. Foct Pacific SL Frei&htCtace.32? Market 21
I/nOlflHO I I&1C HATHOR ....KOOtons
K ISml N I lfllfc OCTA VIA ...T0OO tons
rVUUUiUU LIISl. LUXOR SoOOtons
: ! ABYDOS ¦:.... 4000 tons
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
. America, etc.
S. S. Tanls. 4"Xfl tons, sails about August 29.
, J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st. Pier No. 7— Freight office.
S27 Market st.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR 0. S. HAVY YARD ANO VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat at 9:45
a. m., 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. ra. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 13CS.
FARE : Wo
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTH WESTEEN RY. CO.
LiES33B
SAN FRANCISCO AND HORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. • I
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. - »:00. 11:00 a.' m.; 12:38,
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. ci. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 r>. m. Saturdays— Kxtra tri-^s at l:5i)
and 11:30 d. m. - ¦ v
EUNDAYS— 8:C0. 3:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, J:30,
6:00, «:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
' t:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
- l:J5 and 6:35 d. rn.
BUNDATS-S-.10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. «:40,
5:05, 6:23 p. m.
- Between San Francisco ami Scnuetzen Park
sama schedule as above. _
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive-
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900-1 San Franclsco>
Week I Sun- <l I Sun- I Week
Dayd. I days. ( Destination.] days. | Days.
7:30 am S:00am Novato. 10:40 am! 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pmllO:23 am
- 6:10 pm 5:0O pm Santa Kosa. T:35 pml 6:C0 pm
Fulton. '
7:30 am •' Windsor. , 10:25 am
Healdsburgr.
Lytton.
Ceyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30am! I .Hopland I 110:23am
3:30 pm| S:00 am| and Uktah. | 7:33 pra| «:20pm.
: 7:30 am . 10:23 am
11 « ' S:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm ¦ . C:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma' 9:15 am S:4Oara
and ,
E:Upm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:C3 pm 8:20 prn
7:30 am! 8:CO ami 113:40 am[l0:r. am
3:30 pml 5:00 pml Sebastopol. | 7:25 pm[ t:20 pra
- Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprints and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lvtton for Lytton Springs- at
Geyservllle for Skagzs Sprlnjs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hoplancl for Duncan
Bprinc:«, Highland Pprinjrs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprinps. Soda Bay. Lnfceport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Rprlmn. Saratoga
Fprlngs. Blue. Lakes. -Laurel: Dell Lake Wltte-
Bprlne*. rpp*r Lake. Porno. Potter Valley*
John Day's, Rlverslds. LJwley's.' Bnnkneira!
Sanhedrin *> HeUhts, Ilutlvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Memlrolno City. Fort Brags West-
port Usal. Wllllts.' Laytonvllle. -Cummins.
Bells Sprimrs, llarrta. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
ana ¦ Eureluwiis^&qBjpaQC^ggSKP'SSaB^^MSMJk
Saturday to Monday round trtD tickets at
reduced rates. * ,
be^n!S r RaXr nt tr h D ," lr 1C r R e tl. t0 *» P ° intS
E^^Vn^rNrf 3^^ 1^^! 1 ;^'-
v.: : General Manager. _ Gea. Pass. A«nV
LYNCH— In this city, August 17, 1900. Thomas
-•; F.,' beloved son of Bridget and the late Tim-
othy. Lynch, a native of San Francisco, aged
.124 years. •.-:-; ~ ¦ ¦
; ¦ ETThe funeral ¦ will' take place -this day
-- CSunday) at 10:30 o'clock, 'from bis late res4-
' dence, 4 Cleveland Btreet, betweenlFolsom and
Harrison. Sixth and Seventh, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem masi
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 11: o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. .
THE members of the South End Rowing Club
are respectfully requested to attend in a body
the funeral - of our late brother. Thomas F.
Lynch, this day (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock,
from his late residence, 4 Cleveland etreet.
T. I. FITZPATRICK. President.
WILLIAM MEAD. Secretary.
LYNCH— In this city. August 17. 1900. Timothy,
beloved husband .of Bridget • Lynch, a native
of Dinslc, County Kerry, Ireland, ae*d 63
years.
E7"Tho funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 4 Cleveland street, between Folsom and
¦ Harrison, Sixth and . Seventh, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. -- '^atd3ftiW^3E!Sj0
McCORMACK— In this city. Augrust 18. 1900.
John, dearly beloved husband of Katie McCor-
mack, and father of John W. McCormack, a
native of Manchester, England, aged 65 years.
(CNotlce of funeral hereafter.
McKKXNA— In thls v clty, August IS, 1900, Ma-
tilda, beloved wife of George McKenna,
.. daughter of Richard Brady and the late
Elizabeth Brady, and sister of Richard. Sam-
. uel. John. Edward and Mathevr Brady, a na-
tive of San Francisco, a&ed 24 years B months
and 6 days. .
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors' of
the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission Btreet.
.thence to St. Patrick's Church for services,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
; Cross Cemetery.
MANING^-At the residence of his son. August
18. / 1900. Henry, beloved husband of Mary E.
Manlng-, a native of England, ag«d 65 years
and 11 months. A member of Union Lodge
No.-lS95.-K.-of H.
' C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at*3 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near. Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MULLER— In Fruitvale. August 18. 1900. Infant
daughter of Lizzie and August Muller, a na-
tive of Fruitvale, aged 1 day.
NELSON— In this city, August 17, 1900, John.'
beloved husband of ' Letlcla Nelson, and
father of John and James Nelson, a native
of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 75 years.
(Massachusetts papers please copy.)
IE7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. .42 Shipley street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
NOLAN— In this city. August 16. 1900. Mrs.
Mary Nolan, beloved mother of W. P. Nolan
and Mrs. w. H. Fraser, a native of New-
market, County Clare, Ireland, aged 64 years
2 months and 15 days.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, S09 Harrison street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
OBERG— In this city, August 17, 1900. Margaret
Oberg, beloved wife of Fritz Oberg, daughter
. of Mrs. A. H. Hanson, and sister of Mrs. F.
Nielsen and Minnie. Lulu and Edward Han-
son, a native of California, aged 25 years.
.. s ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 412 Twelfth avenue, thence to the
chapel of the Odd Fellows' Crematory,' where
services will be held, commencing at 2:45
o'clock.
PEREZ— In this city, August 17, 1900, Victoria,
wife of John Perez of Santa Cruz, a native of
San Juan, San Benito County. Cal., aged 23
years.
ICTRemalns at the undertaking parlors of
Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. Interment
at San Juan, Cal., to-morrow (Monday}.
RAETZ— In this city, August IS. 1900. August
A. Raetz, a native of New York, aged E5
yeara.
SCHRAGE— In this city. August 17. 1900, Ella
. E. W-. Schrage, beloved sister of Charlotte
A; and Caroline Schrage. a native of Kansas
City, Mo., aged 21 years and 8 months. (Kan-
sas City. Mo., papers please copy.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:15 o'clock, from Grace M. E.
Church; corner Twenty-flrst and Capp streets,
interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
rlasre.
SMITH— In this city. August IS. 1SC0. William
H.. son of the late C. W. and Mary A. Smith,
and brother of Mrs. D. Jutton, Mrs. Henry
Blyth nnd George T. and the late C. W.
Smith Jr.. a native of San Francisco.
(CyThe funeral services will take place
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. '
TRACY— In this city, August 17, 1900. Eliza,
beloved- wife of John W. Tracy, mother of
Edna M. and William I. Tracy, and sister of
Annie Crane, a native of County Koscommon,
Ireland, aged 27 years 1 month and 13 nays.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attendMhe funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 311H Elm avenue, between Franklin
and Gough streets, Turk street and Golden
Gate avenue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
Van Nesa avenue, for services at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In San Mateo. August 17. 1300.
Mary E.. widow of the late Henry B." Wil-
ltams, a native of Providence, R. I., aged 77
years.
(CT Funeral services will be held this day
'Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at St. Matthew's
Church. Interment private.
WISE— In this city. August 16, 1900, Edward.
• beloveil husband of Rosle Wise, and .brother
of Mrs. Charlotte Kldd. a native of Tvfolumn«
County, California, aged S6 years 11 months
and 20 days. .
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 126A Twelfth street. ¦ Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
(T7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services'
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock/at the Church
of the Advent, corner Twelfth avenue and
East Sixteenth street. East Oakland. Inter-
ment private.
HODGKISS — In Oakland, August 18, 1900.
George Hodgklss, beloved husband of Cath-
erine Hodgklss, and father of Will H. and
Franklin C. HodgklB3..a native of Worcester-
shire, England. .
K7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of James McManus, Seventh and Castro
streets. Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland. • - . .
HOVEY— In this city, August 17. 1900, Georgo
Dana, beloved husband of Jane Hovey, and
father of Frederick William, Jennie E.,
George D. Jr. and Maud R. Hovey, -a native
of Troy, N. Y., aged 69 years 6 months and
17 days. (Chicago, 111., and Hudson, N. Y.,
papers please copy.)
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Epworth M.
E. Church, corner Twenty-sixth and Church
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carriage.
OFFICERS and members of Abraham Lincoln
Council No. 2, Junior Order United American
Mech*nlc3, are hereby requested to attend the
funeral of our late brother, George D. Hovey,
and meet at his late residence, 1409 Guerrero
street, to-morrow (Monday), at 12:4o o'clock.
By order HARRY C. PUCKHABER.
J. W. COBDY, Secretary. Councilor.
JORGENSON— In this city, August 18, 1D00.
Annie E., beloved wife of John Jorgenson,
mother of Joseph H., Genevleve C, Irene H.
and Ethel Jorgsenson, and daughter cf Mrs.
Bridget Smith, . a .native of San Francisco,
ared 31 years.
JURGENS— In this city, at the residence of
hia father, 612 Grove street, August 15. 1S0O,
Richard D. Jr.. dearly beloved and only eon
• cf Richard D. and the late Caroline Jurjrena,
and brother of Mrs. H. Hartje and Lena
Jurgens, a native of San Francisco, aged IS
years 3 months and 2S days. .
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), from St. Paulus German Evangeli-
cal Lutheran Church, corner Sddy and Gough
streets, where services will be held, com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
KEARNEY— In this city, August 17, 1900, Peter
Kearney, beloved husband of the lata Lizzie
Kearney, and brother of Mrs. Mulelly. Mrs.
Croweley and Mrs. Schafla. a native of County
Klldare.. Ireland, aged G2 years and 8 months.
(Merced 'and San Jose pnpers please copy.)
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
j. S. Godeau, S03 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KNOWLTON— In this city, August 18, 1900.
Harry D., beloved son of Joseph and Lizzie
Knowlton. and brother of Mrs. Lyman M.
Welch and Miss Grace W. Knowlton. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 26 years and 19
days.
E^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
KOKNIGSBERGER- In this city, Ausrust 18,
1900. Philip, beloved husband of France*
Koenlgsberger, father of Lily, Harry and
Charles Koenlgsberger, and brother of Her-
man, Ferdinand and Sebastian KoenlBsber-
cer. Mrs. J. Mayblum and the late Mrs. A.
H'-lliir.s, a native of Bavaria, aged 56 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the renidence
of his sister,- Mrs. J. Mayblum, 1353 Post
street. Interment Home of Peace. Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train -from Third and Town-
send streets. Please omit flowers.
KRUCIUS— In tbls city." August 13. 1900. Mary
Kruclus, beloved sister of Mrs. Margaret
Henry of the French Hospital, a native of
Germany, aged 74 years and 11 months. . ij
CyFrlpnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
,J. S. Godeau, SCO Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city. August 17. 1900. John,
beloved husband of . Sarah • Kennedy, and
father of Thomas J.. John A., Kitty and
George W. Kennedy and Mrs. Loretto Simp-
son, and ¦ brother of Mrs. Elizabeth Nlles,
a native of Ireland. - aged £3 years 1
month ami 23 days. A member ofGarfleld
Post, G. A. R. ' (New York and Brooklyn pa-
pers please copy.) '
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 16 Ford street, between Noe and ; San-
chez. Seventeenth and Eighteenth, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, corner Sixteenth and
Dolores streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
, Cross Cemetery. ; . .
JAMES A. GARFIELD POST : No. 34— Com-
rades: You are requested to assemble at 16
Ford street, . to-morrow (Monday), at: 8:15
- o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late com-
rade, John Kennedy.- .;/...
I. KARMINSKY," tommander.
LASSELLE— In St. Helena. . August 19, 1900.
Frank H. Lasselle. a native of Indiana, aged
L4 years. ',-."¦ -1 '¦-,• :'¦¦ ¦--'¦„
H7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Craic & Cochran 'Company, 62-56 Mint
- avenue. \ ¦
LAWLOR— In this city. August IS. 1900, John
Fa rrell Lawlor. . beloved husband of Emma
Gertrude Lawlor, and- brother , of EJward.
George. Richard, Harry. William and Eliza-
bath Lawlor, a native of San Francisco, aged
29 years 3 months and 13 days. "
LICHTENSTEIN— In Alameda, ' August 17. 1900
Leah H. 'Llchtensteln. beloved mother of Mir-
iam and Thomas V. Llchtensteln. Mrs. Lou S
Simons, and Mrs. - Mitch .Harris of Olympla,
Wash..' a native ' of ¦ Salem, , Mass., aged ; £6
years and 3 months.. (Portland. Or., and Sae-
- rainento papers please copy.): .
v E7"Funeral from her :late residence, 2156
Clinton a venue, s Alameda. at 9, o'clock, this
day (Sunday),; thence to San Francisco, con-
necting •; with r- special • electric car ¦ at . 10-30
o'clock at foot of Market street to . Home of
Peace Cemetery., Service In chapel at ceme-
¦¦ tery.-. . ¦ •¦-¦ :-; - i: ¦-,-:¦¦¦ ¦'¦
BRANNAN— In this city, August IS, 1900, James
J., Infant son of John and Ella Brannan. and
brother of Maud. Ella and Thomas Brannan,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months
and 17 days. /
DRISCOLI^-In this city, August 17. 1900.
». Thomas E. Drlscoll, eon of Ella and the late
. James Drlscoll of Northfleld, Minn., and
nephew of the late Timothy Driscoll of San
Francisco, a native of Janesville, Wls., aged
41 years.
tETThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), 1 from the parlors of J. C. O'Connor
& Co., 767 Mission street. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery- .."^:-
DUBOCE— In this city. August 15. 1900. Victor
D., beloved husband of Mary C. Duboce.
father of Frank Duboce, and son of August
Duboce. a native of Springfield. 111., aged 41
years 11 months and 9 days. ' - - '•
C? 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the -funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the Mechanics*
Pavilion, under the auspices of California
Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery. Presidio. ..
DUFFY— In this city, August 18, 1900, John W.,
beloved sen of William and the late Bridget
Duffy, and brother of Mary Duffy, a native of
San Francisco, aged 31 years 7 months and 23
days. . -
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of MeAvoy & Co., 12S9 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. - thence to St. Patrick's
Church for cervices. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. \
HAMANN-In Oakland, Ausuet 16, 1900. Au-
gust, beloved husband of Minnie Hamann,
and father of Mrs. Bessie Ongerth and May
and Ernest Hamann. a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 63 years 2 months and j 19
days.
(tTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Ger-
manla Hall, Webster street,- between Seventh
and Eighth. Oakland, under the auspices of
California Lodge No. 2, O. d. II. S., Oak
Leaf Lodge No. 35, A. O. U. W., and Ap-
pornattox Post No. 62. G. A. R. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
HAMBRECHT— In Berkeley. August 16, 1900,
Bertha, beloved wife of Louis Hambrecht,
mother of Martha, Clara, Louisa. Johanna
and Albert Hambrecbt. and daughter of Mrs.
Louisa Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged
30 years and 29 days.
lH?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at. the resi-
dence of her mother. 717 Stockton street. San
Francisco. . , \ . .
HEWSTON— At his residence in Alameda
County,- August 17, 1900. General John Hew-
ston Jr., a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged
Brannan. James J. 'Llchtensteln. Leah
Drlscoll. Thomas E. Lynch. Thomas F.
Duboce, Victor D. : • ' Lynch, - Timothy
Duffy, John W. " McCormack. John.
Hamann, August ~ McKenna, Matilda .
Hambrecht, Bertha Maning, Henry
Hewston. Oen. John Muller (Infant)
Hodgklss. George - Nelson. John :
Hovey. George D. Nolan. Mrs. Mary
Jorgeneon, Annie E. ' Oberg, Margaret
Jurgene, Richard D. Peres, Victoria
Kearney, i Peter Raetz. August A.
Kennedy. John Schrage, Ella D. W.
Knowlton. Harry D. Smith. William H.
Koenlgsberger, Philip Tracy, Eliza
Kruclue, Mary Williams, Mary B.
Lasselle, Frank H. Wise, Edward
Lawlor. John F.
DIED.
HENRY/ J.- GALL AGHER • CO... •
(Successors ' to Flannagah &' Gallagher)/
.DANIEL P." DONOVAN,' Mgr. -\ -:¦'.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS TAND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.% opposite Lincoln School.
: ; Telephone ¦: South 80. ¦ ' •• '¦'¦
UNITED :-.i UNDERTAKERS.;
27 and 29 Fifth sti;. Tel.' South' 167. V
IDKERAL^DIEECTOaSjANpjEMBALMEaS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate. Rates; v-.C"
ROOMS TO -LET— Fnrn. nnd Unfnrn.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished single and double
rooms. 75c and 81 per, week. ¦
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, fl per week; transtent.
MISSION. 1221. one "block from new P. O.—
Nicely furnished single room. $5. ¦
O'FARRKLL. 20— Sunny, furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
OTARRELL. 129A— Nicely •furnished sunny
rooms by day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 715— Sunny unfurnished back
room cheap.
O'FARRELL, 743— Nicely furnished sunny quiet
.. rooms, en suite or single: gas, • bath, phone.
O'FARRKLL, 1891— Two nicely furnished front
rooms, $5 and $10; sunny, bath; private fam-
ily: no children.
POBT, 627— Newly furnished front room; other
rooms unfurnished; reasonable.
POST. 426— Furnished rooms; gas and bath;
t5. $8. tl2; private family. .-¦
POST, S27 — Newly furnished frot room; otber
rooms unfurnished; reasonable.
POWELL, 612A— Large eunny front room neat-
ly furnished, and others. _ .
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
nleht 2Dc to $1. week $125 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, ' 126 Ellis 6t. -Incandescent
light: reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 CO; week, $3
to |8; month, IS to J20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.-
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136 — Furnished sunny rooms; single or
suites; also rooms for light housekeeping.
TO let— 3 unfurnished sunny rooms, with use
of bath; terms reasonable. 1723 Scott st. .
TURK, 541— Single furnished front room for
gentleman; private family, '
WILLOW ave., SO, between Larkin and Polk—
¦ Larce front alcove and adjoining room with
bath. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore it.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any audress In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. '. - -
HOOMS A\D HOARD.
ALMORA. corner Twentieth and Mission sts. —
Beautifully furnished suites or single rooms;
4 all modern conveniences; excellent table;
terms moderate.
YOUNG erentleman at San Rafael desires few
congenial mess associates; references ex-
changed. Address THEO. L., Call office.
WANTED— 2 young men to room and board; 2
board and 1 room. 1261A Mission st. - :¦'¦*:.¦.-¦;¦
ROOMS 1VAATED. ~
WANTED— Club rooms for 1 or 2 meetings In
the month to accommodate from 15 to • 30
members; must be reasonable. Box 1630, Call.
YOUNG mechanic desires room, with conveni-
ences, In private family; 6 minutes' walk
from Call. Box, 1972. Call office.
2 OR 3 rooms by young couple; fur. complete
for housekpg; about S"0; refs. Box 1970. Call.
WANTED— Three furnished rooms for house-
keeplng; central. Box 1643, Call office.
ROOMS WASTED.. ~~ ~ ~~~
By Hotel and Accommodation Committee, N.
S. G. W. Apply or ' address headquarters,
Palace Hotel. H. I. MULCREVY. chairman.
ROOM by lady In exchange for course in short-
hnnd. Box 1636. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester"s English Pennyroyal Pills
are the bet-t: safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." in letter by return mail; at drug-
glsts. Chlchester Chemical Co..- Phlladrt.. Pa.
ROOMS papered from $2 50: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
DORE. 13S0 Market st., above Jones.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture . Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore at.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840— Packing, moving and storage.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission,. nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged. J rented;
repairing nt Imvest rate*. 205 Fourth st.
THE ETHICAL 1NST J£J£J2L~_~.
THE Ethical Institute— Benjamin Fay Mills,
the distinguished liberal thinker and orator,
will lecture to-night. 7:45, at Metropolitan
Temple, Fifth St.: subject, "The Faith of
Honest Doubt." Ix>wer floor and balcony re-
Berved: gallery free.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^EARgXiNS J.N~TyPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money thin any
houre in the city: rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange, S3u California, telephone Main £66.
NEW typewriters. $5 down, $5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 Cnllfcrala St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 82 (twenty-five ' cents- per
ehare) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 827 Market St.. on and after MON-
DAY. August 20, 1900. Transfer books closed
on Tuesday. A UEUst 14. 19C0, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: -¦ ..
Louis Kohn, 34, Chicago, and Irma S. Roth-
chlld. 22, city.
John Talbot, 33, city, and Amalyor Taylor,
36. city.
Charles A. Hansen. 32, city, and Anna Ander-
son. 26, city.
Frank E. Watson. 35, city, and Florence O.
Roussln, 21, San Rafael. .
Oscar F. Smith. 27. 512 Arkansas street, and
Minnie Jenri^n. 19. 32C3 Twentieth street.
Paul Mollnari, 23 y 505 Greenwich street, and
Roslna Peliettleri, 16, 14 Bannam place.
Frank McA. Neal. - 28. 522 Jessie street, and
Joeie A McCarty, 23. 522 Jessie etreet.
Benjamin Wegar, 29. South San Francisco,
and Maria Jrrmhorn. 29. South San Francisco.
BIRTHSr-MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of "per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
»Vv ' ' - BORN...
ANDERSON— In this city, July 20. 1900, to the
wife of Gus Anderson, a daughter.
ARMBR.UST— In this city,^August 9, 1900, to
the wife of A. C. Armbrust. a daughter.
ASHER— In* this city, August -13. 1900. to the
wife of Jake Aeher, a son. • .
AULT— In tbls city, August 16. 1000. to the wife
of M. P. Ault. a son. V '
BAKKE— In this city, August 14, 1900, to the
wife of. S. J. Bakke, a daughter.
BERNTSEN— In this city. July 23. 1900. to the
wife cf George O." Berntsen. a daughter.
BRl-'NE— In this city, -AUfrust 15, 1900, .to the
wife of F. E. Brune, a daughter.
CALLAH AN— In this city, August 12, 1900, to
the wife of Thomas J.- Callahan.- a son.
FLYNN— In this city. July 24, 1900. to the wife
of Bert Flynn, a son. 1 ¦ . .
JOHNSTON— In this city. August 8, 1900, to the
wife of Fred Johnston, a; son. .--.
LA WLER— In Oakland. August io. 1900. to the
wife of F. C. Lawler. a daughter.
LOWNEY— In this city, August 14, 1900, to the
wife of J. E. :Lowney, a son.
McKEOWN— In this city, August 14, - 1300 to
¦the* wife of John McKeown. a son. -
M-ARCUS— In this. city. -August' 17, 1900," to the
wile of M. . Marcus, a son. r 'f?tt3SjtB!iaBt
NEITZEL— In* this city, August G, 1900, . to the
wife of F. E. Neltzel, twins— a son and a
daushter.
NICHOLS— In this city. August 12, 1300. to the
wife of - E. E., Nichols, a son.
REVALEON-In- this city. August' 16,-1900 to
the wife of Edward Revaleon, t twin sons
SCHNEIDER— In this city. ; August 15 1900 to
. the wife of Clarence Schneider, a son. '
SIMMONDS-In this .city, August IS, 1900 tc
• the wife of Thomas J.Slmmonds.. a c son.
STEINBERG— In "Port Coeta.i July 25 " 1000 ' to
- the wife of Fritz Steinberg, ; a daughter
TASCHNER— In -this August - 17, - 1300 to
the wife of. Gus Taschner.a son. . • '
VAN VLIET— In this city, 'August , 17, : 1900 'to"
the wife of Louis Van ; Vllet. a son.-
YOUNG— In this city, July 27.1900. to the wife
. of . Conrad Young,' a' son; - -¦ -, .¦ . -. J.r-vj
.MARRIED., ¦-.-¦
PETER— BYRNE--In' this city," August 11 1900
; 1300. by • the ; Rev. v Father Wyman, C. Merrl-'
- man' Peter, and ; Irene M. Byrne. -
EAILHOAD TRAVEL.
...... ..AHD JftETU/tN
On the NEW TRAINS of the
Santa Fi Route
to be sold
August 21st and 22d
gocd for return
Until October 22d.
Will tell you
all about it at
628 Market Street,
or at
Ferry Ticket 0£co, Foot of Market Si
SANTA FO ROUTE
TFt/\IISS.
MARKET-STREET FERRT.
Leave: Overland: Dally for Chlca- Arrlva:
go, Kansas City. Denver
and all Eastern points.
EJ Paso. City of Mex-
ico. Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Ariz., Bakersneld.
li.m. Vlsalla. Tulare. Han- S p. m.
ford, Fresno. Merced.
Stockton. Antloch. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
era to Chicago. Dlningr
car between Stockton
and Bakersfleld.
Stockton Local: For San
4:10p.m. Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay 11:06 a. ra.
Point. Cornwall. Antl*
och and Stockton.
Bakerafleld Ix>cal: For San
' l'ablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay
Point. Cornwall, Antl-
tp. m. och. Stockton, Merced, 1a.m.
Fresno. Hanford. Vlsa-
lla. Tulare and Bakers-
field. Sleepers to Fresno
and Bakersfleld.
TICKET OFFICES: (28 Market St.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market st.. San Francisco.
111S Broadway. Oakland.
soutmkrx rinrii! lonrAST.
(PACIFIC STSTSIf.)
Train lf»«« nml nr* ilu* t» nrrlf* m*
NAN »"ll /•.*«• I"««'O.
(Ma!n Line. Foot of Market Street.)
T.EAVB. — FHOV ACGMI 12. 1300. '— ARB.IT S
¦ .
•7:OO a Benlola. SuUun, Elmlra. V*ca? llle,
KumB-y au'l Hicr*nit>nto *7:43r
•7:0Oi EhuU ExvreM-DaTls, William* (toi
Bartlett Spring), WUlowa. Red
Bluff. Portland... ,. *TrI3p
•7:3O "* Maninem, Saa lUmon. V*!le]o. Napa.
Calistoga and .Santa lion *OiI.1r
•SiOOa Davis. Woodland. Knight* Landing,
M.irjs»ilie. orotiilo.. *7lt3p
|*1:OOa Atlantic KipretM— Ogden and East •l*>4.1r
•S:OO4 NIIm. Tr-cy. lAthiop. Stockton *Vi I3 A
•siUUa b»u Jom. l,i»«rinoi». Htoektnn. -
Ion«, 8aeraniento. Placerrills,
Msrwllle, Chico, K9.IIII111T Msl3 r
•8:3»a Oakdale. Chines« (for YosemiteX * ¦
honor*. Carters. Mil.ip
¦0:00* najward*. Nilesand Way .Station!. M 1i4Sa
•BiOOaLos Angeles Kxprem — Martines.
Tracy, Latnrop, ritonkton, Merced
Freaooiud Los Angeles *7:15p
•O:»Oa V«Ih-»n. MaiUues ami Way Station* *3i45p
• IOsOOa The OverUiia Umited— Ogdeu. Deo.
ver. Omaha. Chicago *Biiar
•IIiOOa Kile*. Stockton, Hacramento, Men- -
dota. Fresco, Hanford. Vlulla,
PortervIUe Mtl3p
¦IIsOOa Llrermore. Sangar. Ooshen Jnaa-
tion. Bak*nnetd. Los Aogel«a
•I VS-.oom limy wards. Niles and Way ateUoos. *«t€S|
1 1 :0»r Sacramento Illver3teitiners......... f3:0<t4
*3>O»p Haywsrd*. Nilt-s and Way Stations. '1: 13-
•4:<m»p Mitrtlttex. Hail lUuioii. Vallejo.
* Narat. OalliitnKK. .Santa Kosa *OiI.i«
•lio«r BenicU. Winters, 8a^ram«nto,
Woo<lland, KnlshU Landing.
M..iry«Tlll». Orn»ll> •IfctS*
•4s30pNilea,aan.Io»eaadStoektsa *7:l3r
•SiOOrTho Owl Limited— Tracy. Fmao.
BakersSeM. bangus for .Santa Uar-
fcara. Los ADgales......... MAsl.it
•SiOOp Stockton •t>:43*
•3iOtfrNew Orleant Express— Itakenneld.
Sant« Barbara. Loa Arn»Ie». Una-
inc. El Paao. New Urleaaa and
Katt »7>«:»4
•6:«0p Haywards, Miles and San Jos •7>l*.
1HiO(»r Vallejo *IVl:l.1p
¦ttiOUp Oriental Mall— Ogden. Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chicago •12:I5»
•O-.OOr OrienUl SUil— Ogden, Dsn»er,
Oraaha. Chicago. MrMf
•7:«Op NDes, Trscy, Uthrop, Stocktcn.... «ia:13f
{TiOOr Vallejo. l'ort C'osU and Way Mta-
Uona. „ tn:31»
•StoSp Oregon and Oalifnrnla Expreaa. Mao.
rninentn. MarjiTillo, ICe<l>llng.
l'ortlmxl. Tilgnt Smiml still Tap »Silt>
COAST MVIHtO* (.Narritn Uanxe}.
(Foot of Market Street.)
|7i«3a Haat* Cnu Excursion for HanU
Croz and Prindpal V7ay Station* {SiOSi
•»: 1 3* Nenark.UentertUlr..Saa.lo»e. Krlf on,
Bonlder Creek.Sauta Crui and Way
8utiona ««ta»r
t'lISP Newark' CsntcrTille, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, noolder Creek.
V Santa Cms and rrineipal Way
Ht*tir»..» •n»ii>.»»:
Mtl.tr Newark, .San J«e«, Im» Gatos t "«:.i«4 '
al:!5p Glenwood. Felton. Banta Cms.- >a:3«»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
rrwasix raincisco— not *r Narfcit su«tt ($;»» s>—
•7:1S 000 ll:00*.M. 11:03 *3:S3 13. :3
•4:00 J5:03 *6:03 r.n.
rr«mOHUID— tttittttuimtj.— *«:0O 8:00 10:00*. M.
t!2:C3 '1:03 t2:C3 *3:C3 . H:C3 'I:j3mi.
COAST IMTlSIO.f (nroa.HJamcr).
(Third Hiid To'.Tnuenil Sts.)
t«:IO\ Ocean View. Houth. San Francinco.. 1<iiawp
t7i««A Ham Joae ami Way SkAtlnua (Now
Almaden Werineolaf s otily) •l>3i»i
{7>30a Sunday Excursioo fi Han Jom
Santa Cruf. Paciflo Ororo and
Principal Way Stations... ~ |S:33i
•BsOOa Man Jose. Ties t'inos. HauU Cms.
Taciflo <iio»». l'aiio Itohlra. San
I.t.U Olilspn. Surf. Loropoc aud
l'rlnclpal War HUblimi MiIOt
M0i40* San Jos* am] Way .Stations *«>33«
>II>3O* 8anJ€»s,Losaatoa»».l\Va|.Htatloiia *5tUOi
( i: 15k- San Matpo. Umlwootl. Menlo Fark.
\ Pa!o Alto. Santa Clara. Han .lose.
Tres Pico*. Santa Cruz. Raltnaa,
Uoulernr anil 1'aciHe firoTe t' 0^"*
f»t30r San Joae and Way Htatlons •7::im>
t l:l»p San Joseauil Principal Wax Stations *9i-43«
»*»:«0p3.tn Jose, Los Oatos snd Principal
Way Stations (<>:»><»»
•",::»» p San Jose an.l Principal Way Stations r***3«
•as:i0p3an JomanJ Waf Stations tV«><>»
>lli4ap 3an JoseanJ Way Htatl.ms «7i3»p
A for Morning. P faff A f ternoon.
* Dally. t .Sunday exeepted. t Sunday only.
6 Saturday only,
a Saturday and Sund»» • Monday only,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commenclngr April Z2. 1300t
FROM SAN FR.VNCISCO TO MILL VALTTrr
AND SAN RAFAEL. lX
"TVEEK DATS— 7:C0. rj^. 9:30. n : «o «. m.i
12:45, '1:45. 3:15. 4:15, »3:15, 6:13. J:W a m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley lad Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturda^
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35' p. m. "*»*"
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •*:«>, r>:00. •10:0n, 11:00. m-m
a. m.; 11:45. •1.S0. 1:30. 'VAi, 6:00, l:wL ;!a
P. ra.
11:10 a. m. does not ma to Saa Rafael Sua.
Trains marked (•> run t» San Quentts
FROM CAN RAFAEL TO SAJ* FRANCT<Wrt.
WEEK DATS-5:3S. »l:30, 7:60. 8:W •lO-uk!
xa.; 12:30. 1:15. 1:15. '3:30^ 4:20. 5:30 p m
EXTRA TR1P9 on Mondays. Wetoiadar.
and Saturdays at »a:« and 10:20 *~ a *» a »ya
SUNDAYS-«:15. *i-M, •UM^.m • 11-to
m.; l:C0. 2:13. »3:30. 4:30. ••:«. «:45T 7T30. 13 S
P- rn. -jKtMHP^aVaVl
Trains marked <•) start from San Ouentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FiJaNCI?COl
WEEK L>ATS-6:33. €:45. 8:C0. 8^5. io-M^
m.: 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:30, 4:£0. 5:20 p m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays ' at 7:10 and -10:30 o. rn
SCNDAY*-6:35. 3:03. 10:05. -11:19 •. ml- 13UL
1^0. 2:30. 3:45, 4:53. «:15, 7:05. 10:30 p n.
THROUGH TR.\INa
7:C0 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way «t*-
tlons. . . -~
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Caxadero and way stav
¦- , j^ 'iit|Mignr*iMftr-tasj|
»:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays exeepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta*
tlons. «V 1 At
13:43 p. m.. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stfttlons,
MOUNT T AMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave" San Francisco Tla Sansalito Ferry:
\\EEK DAYS.....9:a> a. m.. 1:45 and J.15 p. ra
SLNDAYa......8. 9. 10. U a. m.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m,
*»r# San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 4a.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPttNT
WeeSy Call $1.00 uerYearTime Ball.
Branch Hydrographies • Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, . San Francisco. Cal
August 18, 1000. ' / ¦¦ ".. '
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
buildine was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. et noon of the . I3>th * meridian, or at 8
o'clock" p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 8. N.. In char>?».
Informal . Session— December— 2000 ctls.' 74*4e*
20Cfl. 75c. - -•:- r . ; -.' : ¦- . • ;¦-¦ .-,_-(-_..;.
. Becond Session — December — 2000 ctls.- 76c ' "- "
.¦-Regular,. • Morning .. r Session— December — 4000
ctls,- 764c; '2000. i76%c:;40OO, \77c; ; • '.'•;.; -,.;„ ;.,
- 1 OATS— Have 'been i quiet -« for a day or two, 4
but « the • m arket show* no * weakness: v ." * - ¦ . -
'» White— $1- 15@1 35;-.. Surprise.'-. 31 35<31 ! 40; Red.
$1 ; 10® 1 25 ; > Gray, 11 12H« 1 20 ; Black, for : feed.
Jiaotffl I5:?for,eeed, -U 15@l 224 ¦> per:- ctl: % -•
i CORN— Stocks : are . light * and .' there * Is hardly
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—'
14,000 ctle, $1 06%; 2000, $1 074; 24,000. -fl 07.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 07^ •
24,000, $1 074, • . ¦¦. . : ,
... Regular ; Ulorning" Session— December— 10.000
ctls. • $1 os: 4000.-. n 08H. ;-¦ - • -
¦•» BARLET— The y feeling was rather steadier
In the . open market, while futures . advanced
from ,74Kc to* 77c. *',;¦ ¦ ¦; •
¦. Feed." 75c ¦ for » No.' 1 1 - and 67V4«?724c for . off
Krades; • Brewing and shipping ; grades, S0ff85c;
Chevalier,'. nominal.^SBKXiaar%»«a9>*8SS%s^Ote%
CALL BOARD SALES
The local call market was unsettled, declin
ing from II 07% to ¦: Jl 06% ; and : recovering to
Jl 08V»." Spot prices showed no further change.
Spot AVheat-Shlpplng, ?1 024; Milling, jl OS
©1074. ¦-¦¦-¦¦ _ '„¦¦_•-
"WHEAT— Liverpool was lower.\ Paris opened
weak, but closed ¦ higher. \ A London ; dispatch
said that Corn In the Argentine republic was
Improving, and that there would be an '• ex
portable surplus of 300.000 quarters of. Wheat
and' 250.000 quarters of Corn. . :
Chicago declined a cent, but recovered.. The
feeling was weak most of the session, and thd
bears hammered - the . market. ifrasrtiw%»JlA*rjEM^
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 fcjij
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*,. — .4 84%
Sterling Cables ....'..¦. . — 4 894
New York Exchange, sight..;... — : '74
New York f Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine ¦ Silver, per ounce _¦ 61*4
Mexican Dollars, nominal — . 484
Exchange and Bullion.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
* ¦ i ¦ . #
CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— Apparently at no time
during the day wens there any number of
traders in wheat who believed that market
wajs going to recover soon from the recent
eteady 'slump. Trade was dull to a disheart
ening degree. Liverpool closed %@Tid lower;
there was almost no outside business; -receipts
at Western markets were again very heavy and
the spring demand slack. Scattered liqulda
tion. Including selling on stop-loss orders, was
the order of the day. For some time the only
buying was by scalping shorts, who covered to
secure profits. September opened %@Hc lower
at 72%<a72»ic, and after a few weary efforts to
hold its head up, subsided to 71%c. It was
under 72c that most of the covering by scalp
ers was done. This, coupled with the buying
of 200.000 bushels by a commission house.' about
the only good-sized order of the day, resulted
In a' recovery to 72Hc, at which the market
closed, a decline of %®%c from yesterday.
Corn felt the wheat weakness and the stop
page of the shipping demand 'caused - by the
recent advance in prices for this and the next
month's delivery. September, which closed
yesterday at 39',',c. was offered at the opening
to-day at 38%©38%c. The close was %c lower
at 38V4c •
Oats were quiet, but comparatively steady.
September closed Uc down at 2l%021»ic.
Provisions were slow, but showed an under
tone of firmness. Local buying, especially of
shqjtf ribs, and the selling of product for Jan
uaff "delivery, were the features. September
pork closed l&c over yesterday, lard 2H@5o
higher and ribs 17H@20c UP-
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open.- High. Low. Close;
Wheat No. 2— ¦
August 72 72 714 71%
September 72% 72% '71% 72ft
October 73H 73V4 12M 73
Corn No. Z —
August .... -33
September '38% 38 vA 39ft, 3814
October ¦ 37K 37*4 87 37V4
Oats No. 2—
August 21H 21% 21% 21%
September 21% • 81% 21H ' 21 «i
October 22H 22V» 22 22
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September 1100 1115 10 96 1115
October .......1110 11 20 11 00 1120
January.: .'...10 85 1110' 10 95 1103
Lard, per 100 pounds— ' - .
September ....:..-.. 6 67# 6 62*4 6 62^4 « 62H
October .....'.« CO 6 67V4 6 574 6 57$
January 6 85 6 42H 6 324 6 40
¦' Short Ribs, per 100 puonds— xr?}t s*p*-?£&mma
September 6 82V4 7 05 6 82H 7 05
October ............ '^ 80 , ¦ 6 91% 6 77H 6 924
January 5 70 5 80. 6 65 - 6 80
Cash auotatlons were as ' follows: " '.-•'
Flour, dull: winter patents, $8 70@3 90: straits
13 IO#3 «0; clears, JSif 3 30; spring specials. $< 30
®4 40; patents, $3 C0#4; straits,- $3©3 40; bakers',.
$2 20ff 2 60; No. 2 red : wheat, 73H©74>4c; s No. 2
corn. 38%c: No. 2 yellow. 89c; No. 2 oats. 22c-
No. 2 white. 24 iff24 V4c; No. S white, 23%<g2i<±c
good feeding barley, . 35%§'37V4c; - fair to choice
maltlnn. 41©45c; No. 1 flax Beed, ?l 37; No. -1
Northwestern. $1 38@1 3S4; prime 'timothy
seed. $3 6G@3 75; mess pork, : per" barrel, $11 io«i
11 IS: lard.- per 100 pounds. $6 6.06-6 62V4: short
ribs sides (loose). $6 90<g7 O2',4: dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 6%i??6»ic; short clear sides (boxed)
J7 40fi"7 60; whisky, basis of high wines, ?123U :
clover, contract grade, - $S 75^3. - ¦ .-'
• Articles— - J Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12.000 . 9,000
Wheat, bushels ;..265,0<V) ' . 15s' 000
Corn, bushels .................95.000 238 000
Oats, bushels .;:..:......;.. ..$59,000 , 578.000
Rye, ¦ bushels ................. 4.000 .... •
Barley, bushels 11.000. ,.^8,000
In People's Gas a fall of 2 per cent was with
out adequate explanation, tut this stock also
recovered comewhat in the final dealings.
These movements were the chief features of
the market, its narrowness being accentuated
by the absence of London operations, lt being
a holiday there. Railway Etocks were rela
tively better curtained than the general run of
; ;••' li'.'.i'f. The publication of the second
week of Auguft earnings for many lines show-
Ing r.umerous increases acted as a prop for this
division. These statements demonstrated that
tonnage was l&cr«a»!r.g In widely separated
sections.
' wr 1 r-er cent was earned on the stock and
r:scu(wlcn of epeclfic items was unfavorable.
K' r inetar.ee. the high ratio of operating ex
; aeaea and outstanding loans of $1,000,000
aroused comment. Decided pressure was ex
erted against the stock from the outset, an
""flirt lots of 2% being made, with the net
. ¦!¦- reduced to 1*< on purchases by the abort
interest.
NEW YORK. Aug. 18.— But for the Interest
*~>ufe<3 by an analysis of the Brooklyn Rapid
Transit annual statement, professional ofera
tora would have h«d little material Influence
<¦¦" prices. Only the report showed that a shade
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
United 'States, Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Samaritan, from Oreron.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Sailed Aug IS— Stmr Mesaba. for London;
stmr Laurentlan. for Glasgow: stmr Staten
dam, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne: stmr Etru
ria, for Liverpool; stmr Astoria, for Glasgow.
BOSTON— Arrived Aug IS— Stmr SylvanJa, for
Liverpool. .
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 18— Stmr Riojun
Mara, from Seattle, via. Yokohama. . -
Continued on Page Thirty-Eight
FOREIGN* PORTS
ACAPULCO— Sailed Aug IS— Stmr San Bias,
(or Panama.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Aug 17—<3er stmr Tanls,
for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Curacao, for
San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived Aug 17— Br ship
-Drumburtori. from Grlmsby (SO days).
BRISBANE— Sailed Aug 17— Br stmr Warrl
moo. for Vancouver.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Aug 14— Br stmr Port Al
bert, f^r S<-at!!<>.
- QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug IS— Br ship
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug IS— Schr NeUi« O
Thurston, from Nome. Aug 17— Stmr Farallon.
from Dyea: stmr Portland, hence Aug 13.
Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Al-KI. for Dyea; schr
Fre«l E Sander, for San Pedro.
Arrived Aug IS— Bark Theobald, from Port
Townsend.
PORT ANGELES— Sailed Aug 17. it I p m—
Ship Fort George, for Oyster Harbor.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Au« 17— Stmr Sig
nal, hence Aug 13. Augr 13 — Schr Gem. from
Ueashik.
HILO— Arrived Aug 4— Schr Metha Nelson,
from Tacoma. Aug 7— Bark Martha Davis, hnc
July 22. Aug 10— Bark, Falls ot Clyde, hence
July 28.
galled Aug 7— Schr Robert R Hind, for San
Francisco. Aug 9— Bark Santiago, for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrtred Aug IS— Ship
John Ena. hence Aug 11. In tow tug Tatoosh;
bark Theobald, from Nome; schr Mary E Fos
ter, ¦¦ from Honolulu.
Sailed Aug 18— Schr Lyman D Foster, for
Melbourne.
Arrived Aux IS— Bark Diamond Head, from
Honolulu.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Auk 13— Schr Mary C. for
SanFrancUco.
TILLAMPOK— Arrived Aug 17— Stmr W H
Kruser. hence Aug 14.
CASPAR— Sailed Aug IS— Stmr Cleone. for
San Francisco. .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 17— Schr
Maggie C Russ, hence July 24.
Sailed Aug 17— Schr La Glronde. for San
Pedro: schr Chas R "Wilson, for San Fran
cisco. •
. EUREKA— Sailed Aus 15— Stmr Empire and
stmr Orizaba, for San Francisco; schr Eva. for
Kahulul. ¦ '
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Aug IS— Schr Emms
Utter, from San Pedro.
A3TORIA— Arrived Aug IS— Stmr Columbia,
hence Aug 16; Ital ship Ellsa, from Honolulu.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug IS— Schr
Mary F. Foster, from Port Towosend: schr Una,
from Nome.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aug 18— Stmr Arcata, tor
San Francisco^
DOMESTIC PORT3
i July 15. lat 56 S. lon 66 W— Ship Aryan, from
New York, for San Francisco.
July 13, lat 58 K, lon 78 W — Br ship Carnedd
Llewellyn, from Hamburg, for Seattle.
Aug 4. lat 3« N, lon 41 W— Br ship Ancyra,
hence March 21, for Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC. *
¦ POINT LOBO9. Aug 13. 10 p m<— Weather
Cloudy; wind SW. velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Saturday, August 13.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Scotia, Walvlsr. Albion.
Ptmr Whitesboro. Olsen. .
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfieth. Crescent City.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. .
Stmr San Jose. Cattarinich, Panama.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Fr bark Marecha! Davout. Oger, Queenstown.
Schr Helen N Kimball. Hansen. Eureka." "
Schr Confianza. Christiansen. Coquillo River.
Schr Gotitma, Johannsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Oceania Vance. Hardwick, .
SAILED.
, Saturday. August IS.
Stmr Bonita, Nlcolson. San Pedro; GoodaU.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr San Jose. Cattarlnlch, Panama, eta; P
M S S Co. ¦•
CLEARED.
Saturday, August 13.
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. 8 days from Pert
land, via Eureka 28 hours.
Stmr Alex Duncan. 41 hours from Port Har
ford.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 11 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. 14 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Stmr Prozreso, Zoning, 94 hours from T»
coma.
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey. 4 days from Oys
ter Harbor.
Schr Newark. Beck, 17 hours from Bowetu
Landing. -
Schr Fortuna, Luberg. 4 days from Eureka.
ARRIVED.
TO SAIL.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Home Oil 4 80
20 Oil City Petroleum » 17 00
MINING 8TOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: ..
Morning Session.
300 Challenge ...... 27 100 Hale & Norcrs. 23
700 Challenge 28 80 Ophlr £8
200 Chollar IS S0O Yellow Jacket. 32
200 Chollar 17-
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Challenge Con. 28 400 Gould & Curry. 15
1000 Chollar ../ 17 500 Justice 04
200 Chollar IS, 500 Yellow Jacket.. -32
MO C C & Va....l 37V4i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Aug. IS— 15 rn.
BIJ.Ask. Bid. Ask."
Alpha 07 09 Justice 03 04
Alta 04 05 Kentuck 01 02
Andes OS 09 Lady Wash 02 —
Belcher ......... 14 15 Mexican 27 28
Best & Belcher 17 IS Occidental 12 13
Bullion ......... 03 05 Ophlr 56 57
Caledonia 59 SO Overman 07 09
Chollar 16 17 Potosl .• ..13 15
Challenge Con. 27 2S Savage 11 13
Confidence 80 85 Scorpion ....... 02 —
Con Cal tc .Va..l 25 1 40 Seg Belcher. 02 04
Con Imperial.... 01 JX1 Sierra Nevada. 37 3x
Con New York.:— 03 Silver. Hill 50 51
Eureka Con..... — Wist I^ouls .......— 14
Crown Point.... 15 17 Standard 4 15 4 25
Excheqfler ...... —.03; Syndicate 08
Gould & Curry. IS 16 Union Con.. 81 22
Hale & Norcrs. 22 23 Utah 06 OS
Julia — ¦ .01 Yellow Jacket.. 33 J3
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Aug. 1S-12 m.
BIU.A9K. [ t)ul.Aa*.
U B Bonds— Kquit G L Co 3U 1^4
Is quar coup.. 115 115% Mutual El Co. 10 —
Is do reg 115 115% 'O G L & H 43V» 50
Is do 0 new..l32^iWH;Pae Gas Imp.. 81^4 53
Is quar coup. .109 103**. Pac L Co 44^ —
limcilaiKuu- 3ac EUG&PCo. 23 23
fal-st <"«b 5i»..»lK>i — 5 F G Sc E 53% 54
C C. Water 5s.lO6<;iO6% San Francisco. 5 5%
Ed L &. f — itkn G & E Co 10 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 — In«uranre—
Geary-st R 6s. — 99 Firem's Fund. 223 —
H C & S 5V43. — — H.ll.h IM..:K%-
Do 6s — 104 Anglo-Cal Ltd. «S > —
L A Ry 5S....106H— Bank ot Cal.. — 412V4
L A Lt Co «s. — — Cal S D & T.,104 108
Do gntd «s.. — — b"im Natlonl.271 —
L A gntd 5s. .100 102V& Lon P It A.. ..134ft —
1 A y K K Ss. - - - Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s.. 127^130 Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Do 1st M 5S.U9H — Sarinr» Bank«_
N C N li ii .». — - Ger S & L...183O 1963
N R «f Cal «s.Ut — Htm a * L".. — —
Do 5s 11SU — Mut Rav Bk.. 45 —
N f >.Ji u 69.-H - S F Bar u:...M7 —
Do 6s 106Vjl07 t-av & L So... 7« Tl
N Cal Ry 6s.. — 11U4 Sec Sav Bk — —
O«k «» L. * H.111 ••« Union T Co.... — —
Oak Tran 8s..ll7«2ll8 Street Railroads-
Dak w C"*rd5» - .»s California ....123 —
Oceanic S Co.. 106^106% i^.n-v-.t ka _
Om C Ry 6s. ..127 — Market-st 64 65
1' & C! rty «s.l'J3V4 — O S L & H.... — 4fi
P & O R R 63.115 — Presidio — ajj
rv>-a-*"-c» U «^.12i> — Powder Stocks—
El G&R5s. 99H101 r«llf«rn-i ..155 1"U
8 F & SJV fs.mft — Giant Con Co.. — 88 '
r K of »jal »».••• M14 Vlgorlt 3H 394
S P Of A 63...M1U1UH f>.;ar Morks
s f c.6s(lwiS>. — ill Hana S P Co. 7% 8
Do U90«> .... — 112ft H«w r • * <3 Co «7 —
Do (1312) ....11S}4 — Honokaa S Co. »H — ">
?Pi<Clst «tn5s. - — Hutch S P Co. 23U —
RPPr 6s 132H — Kilauea SP Co 2014 —
S V Water 6S.115H — iMakawell S Co 43% 44'i
Do 4s 102%103 I Onomea S Co. My T.\t,
Do 3d mtg. ..102»i — paauhau S Co. »?4 30U
Etucktil Uas bs •)*'rz — M "¦••» ¦>* •.••.•««¦•¦
Wnter Stock** Al Pack Assn.llStiU9
Contra Costa.. 69% 70 C!al Fruit Assn *5 98
Marln County. MS — M^r K\ »•-:¦. •' i-»
Spring Valley. 95?i — Oceanic 8 Co.. 93 93
Uas & t.iectnc— Pac A F A...; Z —.
Tent G A I. Co — — Pac C Bor Col5«> —
Cent L & P Co 4 5H Par Paint Co.. 13 —
Morning Session.
Board —
13 Alaska Packers* Association u% 50
8 California Safe Deposit 105 00
35 Contra Costa Water 63 50
20 Contra Costa Water 59 75 J
250 Honokaa Sugar Company 29 50
f> Makaweli Sugar Co n 00
$5800 Northern Railway of Cal 5s us 37Vi
6 Oakland Gas 50 00
25 Oakland Gas 49 75
$5000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds 106 73
30 Paauhau S P Co 29 874
10 Pacific Gas Improvement 51 23
25 Pacific Gas Improvement 51 00
125 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 75
,10 S F Gas & Electric Co S3 «:i£
20 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 30 53 62Vi
10 Spring Valley Water 95 73
30 Spring Valley Water .,... to 87H
30 Spring Valley Water 96 00
# i*
Business on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange was unusually good for Saturday.
Pacific Gas was lower at $31 23@51. Contra
Costa Water was higher at $63 50@O 75 and
SpriDR Valley Water at $05 75@&6.
The oil stocks were dull and featureless.
The Justice Mining Company . has levied an
assessment of 5c.
The California Fruit Canners 1 Association will
pay a dividend cf 60c to-morrow.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE-
T erstonaa £re reported at Carson City
«.- Cedar City, a maximum wind velocity of
St rr.ilcs r^r hour from the west Is reported
at ilour.t Tamalwds.
Forecast rnade at San Francisco for thirty
hour*. eo£lnc midnight. August 19, 1900:
Strthfm California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er £un<iay; probably showers; continued cool,
fresh southerly winds.
So-Jthern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath-
Sunday, with ehowers in the mountains;
continued cool; Iresh southerly winds.
Nevada— Fhowrrs Sunday.
I'tah— Ehowers Sunday.
Arizona — Showers in northern portion Eun
cev; cloufly in southern r>ortlon.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Probably showers
Eur.iay; cooler; fresh southwesterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIB.
Forecast Official.
The Etorm ovw the valley of the Colorado Is
moving northwestward through California., as
articipau d yoF'rrday. Rain has fallen In
Northern Ar.r- r.a. Southern Utah and Western
Nevada. <."ond:Uor.E are favorable for show
ers en Boaday generally throughout California.
The temperature has faJlen rapidly over the
DOrtbera ball c* the Pacific Slope.
The f>rr.;«>rature has fallen from S to 12 de
gr«K-« over Northern California. In the preat
valley* cool weather rrevalls.
forecast.
Eureka «0 Los AngWes 72
Mount Tama.'r*!*--. ti Sacramento S2
In'l*-r"^"''^ic'- *2 Fan Lu!s Obispo.... 70
n*-d B'.uff S>» San Diego 70
Fres&o Si
Fan rrsr.rljco data: Maximuia- temperature,
CT; c-inirrurr., "3; nran, CO.
VrEATHER COXPITIONS AND GENERAL
SAX FRANCISCO, Aug. IS— 5 p. m.
The fcj'.lowinfi- maximum temperatures were
reported from etations in California to-day:
(!2f»th Meri^ar.-Paciflc Time.)
Weather Report.
For Ct-ntral America— 5 pke* assay goods. «
I'kgs beer. Boo cs biuestone, 6 cs canned goods.
7 cs ceirient, > bd'.s cor4sij«?, 8 cs drugs, E4S bbl«
flour. 1*2 j'kgs groceries and provisions, Zj c*
hardware. 6 bdls ircn. C2 crs potatoes. S7T1 !bs
<juicksilver. 6C50 lbs rice, &0 cs salmon, ISM lbs
t-o<ja. 3 chests tea. lelO pais 4 cs wine. 40 steel
Fhoes, 40 FteW dies, o0 kegs powder. 6 c* fuse,
2'"2 en onions, U0 crs garlic, 41 pkjrs machinery,
IS kegs nail?. € cs oil, 25 cs Dtl ar.i paint. 2 cs
lamp goods, 4 cs liquors. In transit — 446 cs
Fiik. 121,23o lbs rice, 20 tins matches. Value,
(4SM.
Kcr South America— &0 cs salmon. 150 bbls
flour.
For New Tork — 2T0 eks beans. 27 «ks shells,
4 cs household goods, 221 bbls asphalt, 126,^3
fa!f wi»e.
The fteamer San Jose sailed yesterday for
?-'ew Tork via Panama, with a general cargo,
valued at $es,s;3, exclusive of some in transit,
manifested es follows: For Mexico, $12,027;
O ctral America. JlS.Cl; South An;eri?a, $725;
New Vrrk, f3*.0.">0. The following were the
I>r:ncli'a! Fhipments:
For Mexicu — 5 cs arms ana ammunition, 99
pkgs matt rial, 5 VJ?,lg car dope. * bdls cordage,
ES cs coal nil. 14 cs drypoeds. l?0 pkgs fruit and
vegetables, fc cf drugs. 211 pkgs groceries and
jiro\-iFiot:s. S cs pinir^r ale, 4 bdls hose, 66S cs
hardware, 44 Ml? iron, ?<3 pkgs machinery, 12
k- cs nails, 4 bbls oil, 17 bdls plP*. 29 crs pota
f>es. "70 l)Ms Dour, 1112 lbs quicksilver, t cs
rattan rood*, SSI Mis t=hor.ks. 6 pWgs steel. 12
k«-es spikes, 122C gais wine, S cs whisky. 3
(hests tea. la transit— 131,:&0 lbs rice. 32 cs
hardware, €1 cs champagne, 4 cs curios, 2 cs
si'.k. Value. $:ill.
Local bsxk clearings last week were III. 873.-
TSS. against $tO,K6,K9 for the eame week last
J«ar.
Merchandise for Central America.
Batik Clearings.
The Australia loads wheat at PortlanS for
nurope; the II. C. Wrfght. lumber at Eureka
for Kahului; the Irene, lumber at Eureka for
Sydney; the Jam*>s H. Bruce, lumber at Che
mainus for Sydney. 62s 6d; the Philippine, lum
ber at Grays Harbor for Honolulu; the Rhode
rick Dhu. merchandise for Hllo; the Transit,
lumber from Chemalrus to Sydney, £2s 63.
Charters.
As the time approached for the publication
0%, the bank statement business became very
restricted. The statement met general expecta
tions as to the cash le«s of $S,342,PO0. Areom
modatiuns to the underwriting syndicate In con
nection v. :th the British loan accounted for the
greater part of the increase of loans of $6,837.-
O0Q. Pt-posits were reduced $3.O*l,CO0 and th«
genera! effect was the shrinkage in surplus
r«Hwrv* of V,9Cb.i&i. A replenishment of the
banks' lci-re« this week is expected to occur
advices from Pacific Coast points an
nouncing the receipts of $4,000,000 Alaskan gold.
This, it is believed, will be made available to
the local 1 arl'y by Government drafts on the
Fubu»»sury here. In addition r«aym«»nts are
now being made on account of the redemption
of the old Government 2s, Involving some $20,
onfi.OOO. With these factors taken Into conslder
et»op ho general uneasiness is felt as to the
immediate future of the money market.
The Wall etreet axiom, "When gold goes^out,
Etocks go down," for once was exp'.&dM this
week, as the shipment of over $$.000,000 was
attended by rlFlnt prices. As the exportation
of . over 5:7.000,000 daring the past two weeks
dees not rr.ak- very eerlous Inroads on the
country'* r.'jldirir?, and as constant accessions
¦re being received from natural sources, Wall
etreft's equanimity was not surprising. Where
the drain will be moft keenly felt Is In the re
•wrves of the New Tork banks. Discussion of
Us Infiupnc* on future money conditions had
sxxM weight <"<n the market values In the clos
ing days of the week. A general and material
rl»e was affected on which the best class of
railroad Fto-ks figured. London bought heav
ily, the relief to Its money market statistics'
rhowisr decreased dividend eayments by Its
railroe.Cs causing a demand for dividend pay
ing stocks here. Ko change Jn local ' money .
rate* occurred while the rise was. bat later
call rate« touched * 1% In anticipation of an
infavcrafcle b«* statement.
i *ijgar vibrated en trade and dividend«pros
r/>et«, and the eoalers were affected by vague
reports. Uespectlng the rise In the railroads,
more definite f«rt» were clt«J. Including Im
provements Jn the crop* and weekly earninps.
Prices In the bond market conformed closely
Lake Erie & Western 27&
Lake Krie & Western prefd 92
! Lake Shore 209
2 600 Louisville & Nashville ~l%
S'K) Manhattan L 91V4
Metropolitan Street Railway 154%
: .'. Mexican Central 11%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 56
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93
1200 Missouri Pacific 5U4
...'.... Mobile & Ohio 37^
! . ... Missouri Kansas & Texas 9%
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 304
600 New Jersey Central 134%
210 New York Central 1304
Norfolk & Western 34
i Norfolk & Western prefd 74H
2 4P0 Northern Pacific E1'4
109 Northern Pacific prefd ,. 70*i
Ontario & Western 21
Oregon Railway & Xav 42
Oregon Hallway &r Nav prefd 76
1.JO0 Pennsylvania 129%
Reading ; 17
100 Reading 1st rrefd 63%
2"0 Reading Id prefd 2SH
Rio Ornr.'V Western 5S>H
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
ft Louis & San Fran 9H
j»t Louis & Fan Fran 1st prefd...... 67
100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 34%
ICO M Louis Pfrtithwestern 11H
St Louis Southwestern prefd.. 2"%
3.24S St Paul .....114>4
St Paul prefd 171%
St Paul & Omaha 114
1.S10 Southern Pacific .~33V4
Southern Railway 13»i
15* Southern Railway prefd f>2
150 Third Avenue 110%
Texas & Pacific 14V*
2,540 Union Pacific MV4
60u Union Pacific prefd 76'4
Wabash 7>i
Wabash prefd 1S>4
Wheeling & Lake Erie 8%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23*4
Wisconsin Central 14%
Express Companies—
Adams 124
American 164
VniU-d Ptaes 45
Wells Fargo 124
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 33%
American Cotton Oil prefd S«%
American Malting 4%
American Malting prefd 24
American Smelting & Ref 37%
American Smelting & Ref prefd 6S%
American Spirits .i I 1 ,!
American Spirits jJrefd 17
American Steel Hoop 19 1 ,*
American Steel Hoop prefd 67
950 American Steel & Wire 34T4
American Pteel & 'Wire prefd 75
American Tin Plate 25% ,
American Tin Plate prefd 67%
L240 American Tobacco 93%
American Tobacco prefd 128
eno* Anaconda Mining Co 45H
16,5(Xr Brooklyn Rapid Transit 67%
Colorado Fuel & Iron 35%
100 Continental Tobacco 25%
Continental Tobacco prefd 77%
1.2M Federal Steel 31U
100 Federal Pteel prefd 67
General Electric :....136
Glucose Sugar 51%
100, Gluccse Sugar prefd 93 \
International Paper 22«4
International Paper prefd 66
WO Laclfde Gas' 75
200 National Biscuit 31
NaionsJ Biscuit prefd 57
..„ National Lead J7%
National Lead prefd snvj
National Steel 25%
National Steel prefd n
New York Air Brake 134
North American 15
Pacific Coa*t 54%
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 86
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64 '
Pacific Mall 81%
8,850 People's Gas 97
200 Pressed Steel Car ajwj
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd..... 72%
Pullman Palace Car ...186%
Standard R»pe &. Twine 6%
81.110 Sugar 124%
Sugar prefd 116
200 Tennessee Coal & Iron ;o>4
United States Leather io«
United States Leather prefd esii
100 United States Rubber...-, 80%
United States Itublxtr prefd.... $4%
122 Western Union ..go
Republic Iron & Steel : 11%
Republic Iron & Steel 63
P C C & 8t Louis 54 .
73,400 Shares sold. - -" # V,
CLOSING BONDS.
U E ref 2s reg when M K & T 2ds .. €6%
issued 104 Do 4* 92^4
Do prefd 104 N Y Cent l*ts 108%
IT S 2s reg 100 N J Cent gen 5s. ..122
US2» reg 109 Northern Pao 2s... 65%
U S 3s coup 10» Do 4s. 104
V 8 new 4s reg 152% NYCtStL 4s..lO7«A
TJ S new 4s coup... 132%, N & W con 4s 97%
U S old 4s reg 115 '.Or Nav lits 109 1
C S old 4s coup — 115 I Do 4s 10*%
U S 5s reg....- li:%|Or Short Line 6s. .126'
V S 5s coup 112'.4i Do con Es 112
Dis of Col 3.65s. ...122 Reading Gen 4s sru
Atchlscn Ken 4s....l«'l ROW lsts 98
Do adj 4* MUlSt L & I M con 5s. 110%
Canada Sou 2ds....lO8 IS L & S F Gen 6s..l21»i
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 99*4|Pt Paul con. 1CT
Do 5s I1M4 St I- C at P v lsts...ll8
C & N Con 7s.-:. ...139 ) Do £» 1.... xi.S='
Do S F Deb 6e...l20'r4! Southern Pac 4s... 7(>*i
Cnic Term 4s 92%, Southern Ry 4s 108'i
Colorado Sou 4s.... S2 ! Stand R & T 6s... CS
I> & R O lsts 102 Tex & Pac lst«'...in«
Do 4s 97%! Do 2ds 56*
Erie Gen 4s 68%'Wabash lsts .11714
F W & D C lsts... 72 V Do 2ds.. loi£
GrneraJ- Elec T,» — 115%. Union Pac 4s 105%
Iowa Cent lsts 113Vi!West Shore 4s mi?
K C P A G lsts €8 ] Wis Cent Ists S9
L & N Cni 4s S8%!Va Centuries »o
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar lalOntarlo .............. no
Crown Point 13 Ophlr go
Con Cal & Vl 1 25 Plymouth in
Deadwood M Quicksilver ........ 1 m
Gould & Curry 14j Do prefd.......... 6 50
Hal« & Norcross.. 18 j Sierra Nevada..... 31
Homestake 60 OOjPtandard ...: j 90
Iron Silver.... 60 ( Union Con.'. 17
Mexican 24 Yellow Jacket 2S
BOSTON* STOCKS AXD BONDS.
» Money—. West End........... 9J
Call loans 2@3 WestlnRrhse Elec... 46
Time loans S#4?« Wis Central...;.... nit
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch T A St Fe... 27 % Atchlson 4s.7....... 99
Do'prefd 70*4 N E Gas & C 6s... 64
American Sugar... 124% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 116 Adventure .....:... 2«4>
Bell Telephone... ..142% Allouez Mln Co.... ' \il
Boston Sc Albany..250 J Amalg Copper ....; 89,
to the developments in etocks. Interest was
mc5t marked In middle-grade issues.
United States refunding 2s, when Issued, ad
vanced V new and old 4s. M&K in the bid
price. The Es declined «4 P"" cent.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares a °^ s
Sold. Stocks— Bid;.
I9,4i"'O Atchl»on 27%
4. ('77 Atchisen rrefd i"vk
1.4C0 Baltimore & Ohio 'IJi
Canadian Taeific S3\
Car.ada Southern 49\
S50 Chesapeake & Ohio Zilfc
700 Chicago Great Weetern 11
1.650 Chicago Burlington & Quiney 12714
Chicago Ind & Louisville 22
Chicago Ind & Louisville r r *fd 52
Chicago A- Eastern Illinois 66Vi
Chicago & Northwestern 162H
1.5W Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 1O7>4
400 C C C & St Louis 59
Colorado Southern 64
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42
Colorado Southern Zi prefd 16
Delaware & Hudson 112
Delaware Lack & Western 177
Prnver & Rio Grande 1SH
Denver & Mo Grande prefd 66*£
Erie U
Krl» lPt prefd 33
Oreat Northern prefd 152V4
....... Hocking Coal 15
H .-.eking Valley 34H
Illinois O-rtral 116\
rrs Inva Central 1S&
. . .. I'-.wa Central prefd 43
. Kansas City Pittyburg & Gulf 15*4
NOTE— In the above exposition of th« tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence- as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide ot
the day. the third time column the third tld»
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Sunrey charts, except
when a minus sign {— ) precede* th« height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane ot
reference is the mean of tha lower low waters.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA,. Aug. 18.— WHEAT— Dull, nothing
doing; blue stem, 68c: club, 66c.
PORTLAND. • Aug. . 18.-WHEAT - Walla
Walla; 65c; valley, 54@55c; blue stem, 68c.
Cleared— Ship Franky . Tan • for Queenstown
with 113,850 bushels of wheat.
OREGON,
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 18.— Clearings. $233,
414; balances, $S3,687.'
Northern Wheat Market. • »
Portland's Business.
WHEAT— Spot, easy; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s 2d; NO.-1 Northern spring, 6s 3d; No. 1
California. 6s 3Hd@6s 4d. Futures, quiet; Sep
trmber. 5s 10%d: December, 6s Hd.
CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed new, 4s:
do old, 4s Id. Futures, nominal; September.
3s llttd: October, 3s ll%d; November, 3s U%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, flrm. 8s.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), steady,
£2 15e®£3 15s. < • - . ~ , V ¦
LONDON, Aug. 18.— Holiday. Sliver, 28Hd;
French rentes, lOOf 60c: wheat cargoes on
passage, tellers at decline; No. 1 standard
California, 30s 4^d; English country markets.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 18.— Wheat, easy: No. 1
standard California, 6s 4d: wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
sultry.
COTTON— Uplands. 6%d.
Foreign Markets.
¦ LONDON, Aug. 18.— The wool trade during
the week was quiet but steady. The arrivals
to date for the next series of wool auctions
number 210.845 bales, of which 38,000 were for
warded direct.
London Wool Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18— The market for cotton
futures opened quiet and firm, with prices 6@
10 points higher, continued steady and closed
with prices 3 points net lower to 10 points
higher.
New York Cotton Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200;
nominally steady. Natives, good to prime
steers, $5 4D®6; poor to medium. $4 65@5 35;
mixed stockers, $3 25@3 90; cows, $2 90@4 35;
heifers, $3@4 75; canners, $2 20@2 75; bulls,
$2 70@4 50; calves, $4 60@6 75; Texas fed steers,
$4 204^5: Texas grass steers, $3 2504 10; Texas
bulls. $2 50S3 25. ¦ > : i
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24,000: Monday, 40.
000 estimated; left over, 2000. Generally 6c
lower; top, $5 36.' Mixed and butchers', $4^90®
5 27>.i: good to choice heavy. $5@5 25: rough
heavy. $4 75® 1 95; light, $5@5 36; bulk, of sales,
$5 05(^5 20. ¦ :
SHEEP— Receipts, 2500. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 10@4 30;
fair - to choice mixed. $3 6004 10; .Western
sheep. $4®4 30; Texas sheep, . $3@4; native
lambs, $4 25@5 90;- Western .lambs. $4 7505 75.
Chicago Livestock Market.
* : — ;-- — »¦
LONDON. Aug. 17. — The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to
day were as follows:
Pears— Bartlett, half boxes, $1 08@l 56; Beurre
Hardy, ¦ half boxes, average $1 32. . Nectarines-
Single crates, average $1 93. Peaches—Susque
hanna, boxes, average $144. Plums— Pond
Seedlings, single crates, average $1 44; Wash
ington, single crates. $1 44£2 10; Kelsey Japans,
single crates. $2 10$?2 60; Magnum Bonum. sin
gle crates, $1 44®2 16;. -. Eureka, single crates,
average $120; Yellow Egg. single crates, 96c@
$1 20; Grand Duke, .single • crates.. 90c(g$l 20.
Prunes— Gros, single crates, $1 88@2 10; Silver,
single crates, -$1J66@2 16; Giant,, single crates,
96c(??U 20. -.-' . ¦ ». . . ¦ . ¦
NEW YORK, Aug.»17.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California "fruit .'at 'auction to-day,
realizing the following prices:
Grapes— Malaga, single . caates, 65®75c. aver
age 69c. Pears— Bartlett. boxes. $1 10(g2, aver
age $1 58. Plums — Kelsey Japans, single crates,
SOc<g$l 05, average. 97c; Yellow Egg, single
crates, 50(5 bOc, average 57c; Quackenboss, single
crates, 80c(g$l 10, average 98c; Columbia, sin
gle crates 15iff43c. average 43c. Prunes— Gros,
single cra'tes, ~ EOcigU 65, average 7Sc: Italian,
single crates, $1 10@l 25, average $1 16; Fallen
berg single crates, SOc@$l 10, average $1 01;
German single crates, S0@90c, average 87c;
Bulgarian, single crates, 65@75e, ' average 72c;
Hungarian, eingle crates, 60®80c, average 69c.
Seventeen cars sold to-day. Weather very hot.
CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia fruit sold at auction to-day: Grapes — Mala
gas, single crates. eOSSSc. average SOc; Tokays,
single crates. Sl@l 30, average $1 26. Pears—
Bartletts, boxes, $1 40@2 05, average $1 79.
Plums— Kelsey Japans, Blncla crates, 65@90c,
average 73c; Bradshaw, single crates, average
Jl 45: Quackenboss. Eingle crates, 75@S5e, aver
age 77c. Prunes — Gros, single crates, 75c6'll 20,
average 8Sc. Weather wet; unfavorable. Thlij-
MONTREAL. Aug.* 18.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia fruit cold at auction to-day: Peaches — Late
Crawfords, boxes,.- average $1 20; Elbertas.
boxes, average $1 21; Orange Cling, average
U 12: Susquehanna, boxes, average $123. Pears
—Bartletts, boxes, average $2 37. Prunes-
Tragedy, single crates, 50c®$l 10. average 83c.
One car sold to-day../ ¦
PITTSBURG. Aug: IS.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day and real
ized the following prices: Pears — Bartletts,
boxes. ?1 50© 1 80, average II 67. Peaches—Sus
quehanna, boxes, average $1 30. Plums — Yellow
Egg. single crates, 75c@$l 05, average 90c; Co
lumbia, single crates, 65@75c, average 70c; Bradi
shaw, single crates, 65c@$l. average 81c; Quack
rnbOBP, single. crates, $1 25@1 30, average $128.
Prunes— Gros, single crates, 90c®$l 45, average
$101: Fallenberg, single crates, $120^135, aver
age fl 29: Germans, average, $1 31; Silver, single
crates, 65c@$l. average 76c: Hungarians, single
crates. S5c@$l 20, average $1. Three cars sold
to-day. .
BOSTON, Aug. 18.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day and real
ized the following prices: Pears— Bartlett*,
boxes. ?1@2 15. average $1 67. Peaches — Susque>
hanna, boxes, 80@90c, average 86c. Plums—Yel
low Egg. single crates, 45@95c, average 61c;
Kelsey Japans, single crates, . 60<g85c. average
71c. Prunes— Gros, single crates, 65@80c, aver
age 66c; Hungarians, single crates, average
85c; Victorias, single crates, average 85c: Ital
ians, single crates, $1 1501 20, average $1 18; Sli
ver, single crates, 45@55c, average SOc. Twelve
cars sold to-day.
LONDON, Aug. 18.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruits: Peare— Beurre Hardys,
$1 22@1 10 per half box; Beurre Clairgeau, $1 09
per half box. Prune6— Gros, $1 50 per single
crate; sliver, $134. Plums— Egg, $1 34 per sin
gle crate; good demand for yellow plums.
Silver a fraction firmer. Some change in Exchange.
Wheat futures unsettled. Barley futures higlier.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet and unchanged.
Hay, Beans and Feedstufis as before.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in heavy supply.
Gutter in good supply and rather weaker.
Cheese and Eggs steady at previous prices.
Poultry in large receipt and dull.
Fresh Fruits in heavy supply at average prices, i
Prices for nezv Prunes still held back.
Good dned Peaches and Apricots scarce and firm.
Provisions steady enough, but dull.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops unchanged.
Meat market shews no change.
Good business in local stocks and bonds.
Bank clearings show a slight gain for the week.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW TORK. Aug. 18.— Aside from a slight
demand for strictly choice grades of evaporated
apples to supply current wants there was very
little Interest taken In to-day's marflet. Sen
timent, however, was bearishly Inclined at the
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
365c; prime, 4*i65Vic; choice, 5 l ,£g6c; fancy,
6*i@7c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS— Were dull
and reatureless on the basis of 34@7c per lb
for prunes, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll@14c; Moorpark, 15317c
PEACHES— Peeled, 14£16c: unpeeled, 6@9c.
DRIED FRUIT.
WHEAT— Receipts, 12S.575 bushels; exports,
G3.739 bushels. Sales, 2.175.000 bushels futures;
120,000 spot. Spot, weak: No. 2 red. 78%c f. o.
b. afloat: No. 2 red, 76V«c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 81c f. o. b. afloat to arrive.
Options ruled weak most of the forenoon in
response to heavy liquidation and attacks by
bear traders, inspired by lower cables and small
shipments from the country, closed weak at
l«flUc net decline. September. 77®77T4c; closed,
Ti'ic; December, 78Mt@80c; closed. 79'^c.
HOPS — Steady; State common to choice, 1899
crop, 10@l$d; old, 2ff5c; Pacific Coast, 1839 crop,
lCxaiSc: do old. 2O5c.
HIDES— Firm; California, 21 to 23 pounds,
21Hc. . •*
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece, 25Q'28c; Texas,
15916c. -
PIGIROX— Weak; Northern. $15@17; Southern,
$l?@l".
COPPER— Dull; brokers'. 16%c. ,,,./.,..
LEAD— Dull; brokers'. $4.
TIN— Plates. dull.;.j
COFFEE— Closed at the lowest, 10@15 points
net loss. Total sales, 15.300 bags, including:
September, $7 45; October. $7 45: December.
$765^7 70; January. $7 70@7 75; March, $7 75S>
7 SD; May, $7 E5®7 SO. ~.
SUGAR— Steady: fair refining, 4Hc; centrl
fueal. • 96 test, 4T-»c; molasses sugar, 4c: re
fined, steady; No. 6. 5.55c; No. 7, 5.45c; No. 8,
5.35c; No. 9, 5.35c; No. 10. 5.20c; No. 11. 5.20c;
No. 12, 5.15c; No. 13, 5.15c: No. 14. 6.10c; Stand
ard A. 6.90c; confectioners' A. 5.90c; mould A.
6.35c; cut loaf, 6.50c; crushed, 6.50c: powdered,
6.20c: granulated, 6.10c; cubes. 6.23c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4943 packages: steady.
Creamery. 12'i(g:ic; current packed factory. 14
®16C.
EGGS— Receipt?. 4741 packages: firm. West
ern regular packing at mark, 10@14c; Western
loss off, 15@ 16c.
ICEW YORK.. Aug. 18.-FLOUR-Recelpts,
29.659; exports, 9918 barrels. Sales, 4700 pack
ages. Weak and S'jJIOc lower. Winter patents,
$3 85@4; winter straits, $3 46Q'3 55; winter ex
tras, $2 70@3; winter low grades, $2 40@2 70;
Minnesota patents, $3 90@4 05.
NEW TORK, Aug. 18.— Exports of gold and
silver from this port to all countries for this
v«k aggregate $751,356 silver bars, and coin,
and $5,787,279 gold. The Imports of specie were
$21,355 gold and $9319 silver. The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise were valued at $8,279,501.
New York Grain and Produce.
Specie Movement
WASHINGTON. Aug. 18.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $139,511,771: gold, $7»,051,259.
Condition of the Treasury.
Considerable cash will be distributed this
week on account of the refunding of the ex
tended 2 per cent Government bonds, which will
go a long way toward replacing the gold lost
by export.
NEW YORK. Aug. IS.— The Financier says:
Practically every change in the showing of the
r*ew York banks can be traced to gold exports.
The loss in cash aggregated 8.341,800, of which
amount $8 106.800 was specie and $234,900 legal
*? n 2fSi J} fannot be said that the shrinkage
™ uh it' i n the sur P lu » reserve corresponds
,i .i° ther . ch a n ses in the statement. The con
traction should have been considerably larger
7L n^ heavy decrase in cash, together with
w*L U r f5* e Of W-^LSOO In deposits, which
• f-Z^,}; , reccrve requirements to the extent
°' *'»0.000, is taken into consideration. An in
crease in loans under normal conditions Is gen
%??"y.^ccompanied by an Increase in deposits.
The discrepancy In the two Items is attributed
to operaUons Incident to the British exchequer
loan. In other words, the gold withdrawn from
the banks for export has been entered on the
books as a loan. Therefore, the specie con
traction prevented an increase In deposits which
would have resulted had the loans been made
by means of checks and not by actual with
drawals of cash. It is evident from the de
crease in deposits that the statement would
have actually revealed a contraction in loans
had It not been for the gold withdrawn for
export. It was reported Saturday that deposits
of caeh in connection with subscriptions to the
new Blocks of the Consolidated Gas Company
were heavy during the latter part of. the week
and will be reflected in next Saturday's state
ment.
Associated Banks' Statement.
wSI^m"^- 1 * 1 Atlantic ...V, S2H
Sgf 1^ £ Maine.. .1S8 Boston & Mont.. ..313
TWnfti Scr, 127 ** Butte & Boston.... 61
rSn^M 0 "* 1 4l * Calumet & Hecla..75O
ttSuJS^c;'*;""" 110^ Centennial 174
F^™1 Steel 34U Franklin'...... 14
r?n &, d :••- 6ei^ Humboldt ....25
n Elec P refd....l39 Osceola 67
Ed dec 111 205 Parrnt *1V
ISS?S ce ntr ai.:: 2^ % gssSy • "::::v;:~Jo >i
V^PMSr 1 !' 1 " 1 85 St Fe Copper 4%
om f£?fnf Coke '" 14^* Tamarack .<.... ....200
n,?hF ° y 2M Utah Mining 31%
P" bber • •¦-,•• 30>4 Winona 3
Lnion Pacific....:. 69Hf Wolverines 40
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • Sept. Dec
Opening 5 10% 6 OVi
Closing 6 10*i 6 OVi
s PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 19 SO 21 25v
Closing ...*. 20 00 21 30
Flour 1 —
Opening '. .•••• 25 60 .. 27 60
Closing • 26 00 -27 65
Foreign Futures.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls ; and brands \ sell
about lo under quotations. , Heavy ¦' salted
COTTOLENE— One-half :• barrel; 8%e; three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8Hcf flv«* tierces. SHo per lb.
Hides, Tallowy Wool and '. Hpps.'
LARD— Tierces quoted ' a t 7c per , lb , for com
pound and 8c for pure; half-barrels, pure," 9%c;
10-lb tins. 9%e: 6-lb tins. 9%c. ? •-, ;
¦'-- <JtlKED : , MEATS— Bacon. ; lO^e p«r lb ' for
heavy, lie for light medium, 12%c for light. 13c
for extra light and 14^4c for. sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams.sl3c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl;extra Mess. $13:. Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork. $15 50;- extra ;-, clear, . $19; Mess, $18 50;
Smoked ¦ Beef. 32V4®13c ' per lb-^v^^^^MBOs]
The market is ; steady enough, but the de
mand is slow.- Still, there is some selling right
along. ' : ' x
NUTS— Walnuts, 8©10%c for standards and 9
©lie for softshells; new Almonds, llVi#12'ic
for paper shell. 9%310c for soft and 6@7c for
hardshell : Peanuts, 5®6Hc ¦ for . Eastern and
6(S6c for California: Brazil Nuts. Il@l2«4c; Fil
berts, 12@13c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 rO
fl6." :'-¦¦-"- ¦ ¦-.'' ¦¦¦¦¦ "- • - ¦¦¦• - '¦ ¦
. HONEY— Comb, 12@14o for bright and 120
12Ho for light amber; water white, extracted.
7U®7',4c; light amber, extracted. 6<4@6%c: dark,
5W©6c per lb. ¦ • ;.
BEE3WAX-24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
The Cured Fruit Association will not name
prices for Prunes until It ascertains fully
what the sire and quality of the crop will be,
which is sensible. The growers are watching
the Association ; closely for results, and the
directors seem to be proceeding with commend
able care. ."As the bulk of. the crop will be un
usually small in size It would 6eem to bo
policy on the part of the Association to protect
these small sizes in finally naming the prices.
The large sizes can take care of themselves.
The market continues firm all around, with
an Increasing scarcity in large Apricots and
Peaches. . •
NEW CROP— Prunes, nominal: Apricots, 6®
8c for' Royals : and 3S10V4c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5@6c; sun-drle<1. 3@3%c.
Peaches. 5@5%c for j standard. 6c for choice and
7c for fancy; Pears,, 5@7V4c; Plums, pitted,
506c; unplttsd. 1®1%C; Nectarines. 4Q 5c for red
and 53?6c for white.
RAISINS— Bleached 'Thompson's fancy, per
lb 10c; chebe, 9c; standard, ic; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. ' 6e. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. 8V4c: choice. 7^4c: standard. 6yic:
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas, Eo:- Seedless.
60-lb boxes, "5c: 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5Vic;
l-crown, 6^4c; 4-crown, 7c; London layers, 2
crown. $160 per box; 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f .; o. b. at • common shipping points in
California. •¦ , _
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $1 50#2 for com
mon and $2 B0@3 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $6 50@$7: Bananas,' $1©2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 60<33 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25(5650 per case; Canta
loupes, &0c«9$l 25 per crate: Watermelons, is®
20, with extra large at $Z5@30 per 100. ¦
GKAPES— Fontalnebleau, 35@40c' per crate;
Muscats. S5@63c per crate; Seedless, 40^650 per
crate; Sweetwater. 2o®50c; black, 25<560c: To
kayT 25360c; Isabella. $1; Wine Grapes, $15
f22 per ton for Zinfandel and $15 for green
ose of Peru.
PEACHES — 2O@5Oc per box and 25@50c per
basket: in bulk, $10®20 per ton for freestone
and $153? 20 for clings; Mountain Peaches, 203
60c rer box. .
PLUMS— 20@40c per box and crate; In bulk,
$10® 15 per ton; Prunes, 25@50c per crate; Egg
Plums. $«Vffl5 per ton.
JIASPBERR1ES— $507 per chest.
¦ BLACKBERRIES— *3«5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5tf6c per lb.
• FIGS— 25@35c for single and 40<g65c for double
layer boxes.
NECTARINES— White, 35©50c per box; red,
35S75C.
The glut in Grapes continues. Wine Grapes
are coming in green and sour, and such goods
sell slowly and at off prices.
Fine Bartlett Pears continue to command the
top Quotation, but there is a good deal of in
ferior stock that has to be worked off cheap.
Peaches are in large supply, dull and weak.
Plums are dull. Quinces are not coming in very
freely. - Figs • are quiet. Melons are doing
rather better, owing to the sunny weather, and
Watermelons show a slight advance. Berries
are steady.
Fresh supplies of Mexican Limes are expect
ed to-morrow. ¦
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—to'goOc per box for common ind
50c® $1 for good to choice; Crabapples, 25@30c
per small box and 50c per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts. 35@75c in boxes and $20®
25 per ton in bulk.
QUINCES— 50(fT60c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for large
and Jit27 for small berries. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Eggs are not selling off very fast and deal
ers are inclined to quote a weak market. Fancy
Eastern, however, are higher.
BUTTER— /
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 24®25c; seconds,
23<f23%c.
Dairy — Fancy, 22^&c; good to choice, 2O@22c;
common, 15@18c. - .
• Creamery tub— 20c per lb. _
Pickled roll-20c
•Firkin— 18^200. IC.-i^i"
CHEESE— New, 9@9%c: fancy. 10c ; old, 8®
SHc; Young America, VXSVfi/ic: Easte/n, 13V<$
14c; Western, 10@12c per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at loft We for store and; 230
25c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 15@19c.
Cheese Is as previously quote$. Fancy grades
are steady, but the medium and lower grades
are dull and weak.
Most dealers are again quoting -a weak and
depressed Butter market, with larger stocks
than the market can stand, especially as con
sumers have taken to packed goods. Prices
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Doves. 50®63c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits. $1 25@1 60; Brush Rabbits, 75c@?l 25;
Hare. $1 25®1 60. '
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and lOiJJllc fcr Hens: Young Turkeys, 16c;
Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 50@l 75;
Ducks, $3(?4 for old and $3@4 for younjr; Hens,
$1 50tf?5; Young Roosters. $4<f?3: Old Roosters.
$3 50@4 50; Fryers, $3@4; Broilers, J3@3 50 for
large and S2®2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 H'H(l 75
per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75' for Squabs.
¦ Receipts were unusually large for Saturday
and the market was weak. Game showed little
change.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 50c@$l per sack,
60<5"oc per crate for Berkeley and $lt?l 25 for
Alameda: Green Peas. 2®3c per lb; String
Beans. 2<?3c- Ltmas. 3£4c;- Cabbage. 40<g50c;
Tomatoes. River, 20©30c: Bay, 25© 40c; Egg
Plant. 5O@75c per box; Green Okra. SSiguOc;
Green Peppers, 3o@50c per box for Chill and 40
©60c for Bell; Dried Peppers, S@10e: Carrots. 25
©35c per sack; Summer Squash, 304?5Oc for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 15<g30c for Alameda; Pickles.
SI per ctl for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2; Garlic. 2
frf3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, J15@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $1C@17 SO per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing-,
J27 5CHg2S: 'Cacoanut Cake, 120(521: Corn . Meal.
J2S CO; Cracked Corn, ?27; Mlxea Feed, $13 50<S14.
HAY-Volunteer, $4 50@6 60; Wheat, $10-312;
Wheat and Oat. $9 50@ll 50; Oat. $S@10; Clover,
$4g6 ; Alfalfa. S6@7 50; Barley, $6 50@3 50 per
STRAW— 25®40c per, bale. - »
Beans and Seeds.
The markets under this head continue feat
ureless. ( 1 , -
BEANS-Bayos. $2 60@2 75; Small White. $3 40
6<8 CO: large White. J2 60@2 80; Pink. $2 2532 75:
Ked, $3 25<Jf3 50; Blackeye $3 fO: Lima, $3 20@
5 25; Pea. $3 C0®3 70; Red Kidneys, $3 25@3 60.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. 12@2 20; Canary. 3%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape. 2%S3c; Hemp. 4@44c; Timo
thy. 4@44e.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. nominal; Green, $2 25®
2 60 per ctl; Blackeye, $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Tomatoes are in liberal supply • and cheap.
Other Vegetables show little change. Onions
and Potatoes are about as previously quoted.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles. 50c; New Early
Rose. 25@30c; Burbanks, 35@53c for Rivers and
75#95c per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 14S2c
per lb. . '
ONIONS— Yellow, 50@60c per ctl; pickle
Onions. 60@75e.
Continued large arrivals of Hay keep the
market depressed, : but/ dealers are keeping
prices up. There is . nothing 'new inFeed-
BRAN— S12@12 50 per ton. '
MlDDLINGS-$16@19 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
. FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60©
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' . Extras, {3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and S3 15<§3 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
$4 75@5 75 per barrel.
¦ MILLSTUKFS— Prices In sacks are as foi-'
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal, S2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, S3 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny,- S3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50 ;. Farina, S4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, S3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6
@7 25; in sacks, $5 7507; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, S3; Green Peas, S5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Eastern, $120; California Large Yellow,
$1 174@1 20 per ctl; White, $1 174@1 20; Small
Round Yellow, • Jl 17%@1 20.
RYE-^SChgflSaie per. ctl; offerings are" free and
the market is neglected. - '
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. •
any offering on 'Change. Prices remain as
before. atoJww);-* wmpii i diWTJIfey^iaaMftg— WQSMg
OREGON
AUSTRALIA,
Wool, bales 14'l
Flour, qr sks ... 25,850 Bra^i, sks $10
Oats, ctls ISO Wool, bales K
FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST 13.
Flour, qr sks 14,76* Sugar, sks 110
Wheat, ctls 8,13$ Pelts, bdls 1.153
Barley, ctls 12.825 Hides, no 605
Oats, ctls 2.225 Wool, hales 1<55
Butter, ctls 328 Hay, tons 971
Cheese, ctls ..... 45 Beans, sks 88
Tallow, ctls 25 Potatoes, sks 4.9S7
Wine, gals ...:... 30.450 Onion?, sks 49*
Leather, rolls ... 53 1 Middlings, sks .. 1.685
Eggs, doz 15,750 { Bran, sks ISO
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR— Tho Western Sugar Refining Com
pany Quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushod. 6.60c: Powdered.
6.20c; Candy Granulated, 6.20c; Dry Granu
lated, 6.10c; Confectioners' A. 6.10c; Magnolia
A, 3.70c; Extra C. 5.60c: Golden C.-5.50c: bar
rels. 10c more;- half-barrels, 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equiva
lent. Dominos, half-barrels, 6.85c; boxes, 7.10c
rcr lb.
RICE— China mixed, $4 25; No. 1. $4 «3®4 S3;
extra, $5 fC>fi."> 50; Japanese, 14 95@5 50; Louis
iana. S7 2507 50 per ctl.
COAL— Wellington. J9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. 19: Seattle. $7; Bryant, Si; Coos
Bay. S5 60: Wallsend, 19; Co-operative Wall
eend. $»: Cumberland. Si: In bulk and $13 23 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
m-l, $11 per ton; Coke, JIG per ton In bulk and
{IS in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. |3 43
per 2000 lbs. and $8 60 per ton. according- to
brand.
BAGS- San Quentln Bags, IS 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5%c: Wool Bags. 2S4©324c; Fleece
Twine, 7%c; Fruit Bags. 6%e$%c for whit* and
*%<&SXc for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
LAMB— Sprinr. 8H«9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6®6Hc for small. 5%©5T4c
for medium and 54©5»4e for large; stock Hogs
and feeders. 54@5Hc; dressed Hcgs, 8@S4c .
The demand and supply about balance and
quotations remain unchanged. ¦"'• ¦-"-;
BEEF— 5®6c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. S4694c per lb.
MUTTON-Wethers. 74S8c; ewes. 7fl74c per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clii>— Ban Joaquin, R©10c; do Lambs'.
8#94c; Humboldt and Mendocino, 10©l2c;
Mountain, SS'lOc per lb.
HOPS— Old. nominal at 6910c per lb: new.
10®12c.
WOOL— Spring cllu Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 15916c: Northern, defective. 128
14c; Middle County, free. 14@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12yi4c: Southern Mountain. 12
months', 11612c; Southern Mountain, free, . 7
months'. 10©12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. -9@llc: Humboldt and Mendocino.
16@17c; Nevada. U©16c per lb.
Steere.' «4c: medium, 8%c: light. 84e: Cow
hides. SHc: Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Calf. 9c:
Dry Hides, sound, 15c; Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf,
ISc; culls and brands, 12c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings, 29@30c each; short Wool 30ft 50c each;
medium. 60<gS0c; long Wool. iOc®U 10 each;
Horse Hides, salt. J2@2 25 for large. SI 73 for
medium, SI for email and SOc for colts; Horse
Hides, dry, SI SO (or large, II 2$ tor medium.
$1 for small and Zi'aZGc for colt*. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
rkins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins —
Prime Angoras, "oc; largo and smooth. Me:
medium. 35c.?- •¦: "-'.¦/>¦->
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered. 4®44c per lb; No.
2, 3£34c; grease, 2<324c.
market was firm." .. Creameries. 16@204c: dai
ries, 14@18c. Cheese, - firm, 10®ll%c Eggs,
firm; fresh. 12%c -
THE SAST FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY; AUGUST 19, 1900.
California Fruit Sales.
Times and Heights : of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front 1 Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- n>e minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la tha same at both places.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
'THE STOCK MARKET.
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
CLOSE.
39
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUNDAY. AUGUST 19.
Sun rises 5:2a
Sun sets ; j;M
Moon rises 0:09 a. m.
O Time) JTlme Ttm* Time
£ ! Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o L, W _H W L. W H W
1» ... 1:00 0.0 7:53 4.1 12:23 3.2 «:3S 5.7
20 ... 1:59 -«.2 8:SS 4.4 1:S2 J.J 7:39 ».7
a ... 2:49[— 0.2 »<44 4.« 2:33 2.9 »:38 S.7
22 ... 3:341—0.3 10:25 4.9 3:25 2.7 9:30 5.7
23... 4:12—0.2 11:00 5.0 4:12 2.4 10:19 5.5
24 ... 4:45 0.1 11:35 6.2 4:55 2.1 11:04 S.4
23... 5:17 0.4 12:0S 5.3 5:33! 1.8 11:471 S.3
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Kmptro Coos Bar All*. 1J
Peru New York .... Aug. t»
Orizaba Humboldt ... Aug. 13
Santa R«c» San t>Wo Aujr. 1»
Grace Dollar... IGray«i Harbor Amr.W
Tltania iNanaitno Aug. 19
Czarina loyster Harbor au?. ti
Tanla [Hamburg Auk. 3)
irmatilla |Vlctorl.-t An*, in
Arcata. ICoon Bay Auk. 20
Pomona |8eattlo auk. M
North Fork tHumboMt Aujj. 21
Coos Bay Newport Aug 1 . 71
Waahtenaw .... Tacoma Aug. t2
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 23
Columbia Portland Aug. 23
Corona San Diego Auir. 23
Crescent City .. Crescent City Au*. 21
Marlposa Sydney St Aug. 24
Point Arena.... Point Arena Ausr. 2»
Bonlta Xewport Auk. 13
City of Puebla. Victoria Aug. 23
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Bonita Newport Aug. 19. 9 am Pier U
Walla Wai. Victoria Aus. 19. 11am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Ante. 20, 3 pm Pier 3
Del Norte.. Portland Auk. 20, 8 amlPler 2A
St. Paul.... Cape Xom«... Aug. 20. 2 pmlPler J4
Empire .... Coos Day...... Aug. 21. 10 am|Pler 13
Gaelic China tJapan Aug. II. 1 pm PMSS
Stata' Cal.. Portland Aug. 21. 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa San Diego Any. 21. 11 am Pier U
Pomona ...IHnmboMt Aug. 21. 2 pm Pier »
G. Dollar... [Orays Harbor, Aug. 22. I
Australia ..] Honolulu Auk. 25. 2 pm Pier T
Coos Bay. .(Newport Ausr. 23. 9 am Pl«r It
BarracoutajCen. America. Aui. 23, 12 m PMSS
Eureka ....IHumboldt Au*. a. 10 am Pier H
Arcata .... Cooa Bay Aug. 23. 12 m Pier 13
TTmatllla .. Victoria Auk. 1*. U am Pier t
North Fork H'imboldt Aug. 24, 13 m Pier t
Czarina ....(Seattle Aug. 24, 11 am Pier U
Corona .... ?an Diego Aug. 25. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .[Portland |Adk..M. U am Pier 24
Steamer.
f Destination. I
Sails.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Bonita Newport Aug. 19. 9 am Pier U
Walla Wai. Victoria Aus. 19. 11am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Ante. 20, 3 pm Pier 3
Del Norte.. Portland Auk. 20, 8 amlPler 2A
St. Paul.... Cape Xom«... Aug. 20. 2 pmlPler J4
Empire .... Coos Day...... Aug. 21. 10 am|Pler 13
Gaelic China tJapan Aug. II. 1 pm PMSS
Stata' Cal.. Portland Aug. 21. 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa San Diego Any. 21. 11 am Pier U
Pomona ...IHnmboMt Aug. 21. 2 pm Pier »
G. Dollar... [Orays Harbor, Aug. 22. I
Australia ..] Honolulu Auk. 25. 2 pm Pier T
Coos Bay. .(Newport Ausr. 23. 9 am Pl«r It
BarracoutajCen. America. Aui. 23, 12 m PMSS
Eureka ....IHumboldt Au*. a. 10 am Pier H
Arcata .... Cooa Bay Aug. 23. 12 m Pier 13
TTmatllla .. Victoria Auk. 1*. U am Pier t
North Fork H'imboldt Aug. 24, 13 m Pier t
Czarina ....(Seattle Aug. 24, 11 am Pier U
Corona .... ?an Diego Aug. 25. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .[Portland |Adk..M. U am Pier 24
Steamer.
f Destination. I
Sails.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Kmptro Coos Bar All*. 1J
Peru New York .... Aug. t»
Orizaba Humboldt ... Aug. 13
Santa R«c» San t>Wo Aujr. 1»
Grace Dollar... IGray«i Harbor Amr.W
Tltania iNanaitno Aug. 19
Czarina loyster Harbor au?. ti
Tanla [Hamburg Auk. 3)
irmatilla |Vlctorl.-t An*, in
Arcata. ICoon Bay Auk. 20
Pomona |8eattlo auk. M
North Fork tHumboMt Aujj. 21
Coos Bay Newport Aug 1 . 71
Waahtenaw .... Tacoma Aug. t2
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 23
Columbia Portland Aug. 23
Corona San Diego Auir. 23
Crescent City .. Crescent City Au*. 21
Marlposa Sydney St Aug. 24
Point Arena.... Point Arena Ausr. 2»
Bonlta Xewport Auk. 13
City of Puebla. Victoria Aug. 23
SUNDAY. AUGUST 19.
Sun rises 5:2a
Sun sets ; j;M
Moon rises 0:09 a. m.
O Time) JTlme Ttm* Time
£ ! Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o L, W _H W L. W H W
1» ... 1:00 0.0 7:53 4.1 12:23 3.2 «:3S 5.7
20 ... 1:59 -«.2 8:SS 4.4 1:S2 J.J 7:39 ».7
a ... 2:49[— 0.2 »<44 4.« 2:33 2.9 »:38 S.7
22 ... 3:341—0.3 10:25 4.9 3:25 2.7 9:30 5.7
23... 4:12—0.2 11:00 5.0 4:12 2.4 10:19 5.5
24 ... 4:45 0.1 11:35 6.2 4:55 2.1 11:04 S.4
23... 5:17 0.4 12:0S 5.3 5:33! 1.8 11:471 S.3
AUCTION SALES
COLUMBIA* AUCTION HOUSE
WILL SELL TO-MORROW.
MONDAY. August 20. 1900. at 11 o'clock a.
m. on the premises, 709 Clement street, sear
Eighth avenue. Take Sutler and Sacramento
street or Geary street cars to door.
. By order of Captain J. C. Cummlngs of the
United States Transport Service, all the Roy-
ally Grand Drawing-room. Parlor, Library.
Chamber and Dining-room Furniture. Elegant
Carpets and all tha elegant household requisites.
FulPtartlculars In Chronicle.
GALLICK A VINCENT. Auctioneers.
BMIL COMn, AUCTIONEER.
Will sell Monday and Tuesday. August 20 and
tl. at 1187 MARKET ST.. near Eighth, a com-
plete nursery stock of plants and flowers and
pots and Jardinieres. About 5000 plants ot every
description. Ptu-tlculars see Chronicle.
-"¦•¦ EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.The Park Band win render the following pro
gramme at the park to-day:
Overture, "Dedication of the Temple"
Morceau. "Escholtzia" ..Gllckman
Selection, "Beggar Student".. ..Milloecker
"Original Tarantelle" ..Julllen
Descriptive, "A Shepherd's Life in the
Alps Kline
Fantasia from "Cavalleria Rusticana"
.._ '••••*•••••*••••: Mascagni
"?«y e rtf <?u Solr " ;..-.. E«st. Saens
\Naltz, "Lspanla" ...:.... ...;......... Waldteufel
Overture. "Poet and Peasant" .". Supr*»
March, "The Fox Hunter''.... Penn
Music in the Park.
Thomas Sanders, a typical beggar, ap-;
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday. He
had in his possession a book in which he
had written the names of a number of
firms and others, .with the time to 'call
and what to expect from each. Opposite
a good many of them were the words,
"Helping Hand tickets." Policeman
"Walsh, who made the arrest, said that
business men on Sansome and Montgom
ery streets were so pestered by beggars
that they kept a supply of these tickets on
hand, which were given instead of money.
Sanders will be sentenced. to-morrow.
A Methodical Beggar.
nothing has been seen or heard of him
since.. His father has reported the' case
to the police, but so far their efforts to
locate the lad have been unsuccessful.
Tho boy had been reading wild West
stories of late. When last seen he wore
a brownish red sweater, dark knee pants
and a light Fedora' hat. He attended the
Agassiz School.
Schoolboy Missing.
Elmer J. Kastl, -the 12-year-old^ son Cot
Martin Kastl of 1215 "Valencia "street, ran
away from - bonu ' Thursday ' night and
Attempted to Burn House.
Crazed i from " the effects : of overindul
gence In liquor, 1 Mary,.Crinimlna of 27 Kate
street last : nights nUMwWinWB*are: to
her horned afte^^B^c^vg^o^uxmnhtt^
'A • pollcemai^^pHa^ gg^wnofiplj: Cjfcf ter>r;6n^
siderable^rbu^Bffixhe ! lhe"*soriiikn"
and : changed h&^wlth^J^itfflCiHiess." , J^*
BURNING CHEMICALS IN
DRUG HOUSE CAUSE FIRE
Death Notice of Lieutenant Selim
Woodworth Appears in a New
York Paper. '
. Lieutenant Sellra ¦¦ Wood worth. -U. S. N..
of 2G36 Haste street. Berkeley, is reported
to have died In Valparaiso. The first no
tice his relatives received of hia alleged
decease was through a death notice pub
lished in the New York Herald. On read
ing the notice Mrs. Wethered, his mother,
who resides at 2109 Pacific avenue, cabled
to the American Consul and the officers
of the Valparaiso. Steamship Company' to
ascertain If the report were correct. . No
answer has yet been received and none
can be expected until Monday, a cable
taking two days to reach the South Amer
ican city. Mrs. Wethered is Inclined to
credit the - report; ¦ The lieutenant ' has ' a
wife and three children In Berkeley. :
S^lim Woodworth was a retired lieuten
ant of the United States: navy.; On the
outbreak, of the' Spanish-American ' war
he re-entered the service, assuming- his old
rank. Ills last ship was the Nero. His
family says he had again resigned ¦ from
the {service and .was taking a little trip
through South America on his way home.
RELATIVES FEAR HE HAS
DIED IN SOUTH AMERICA
An electric railway Is now ironing be
t-ween the north and south extremities of-
Berlin. The length of the line la 15.1S0
meters.
-The California Construction Company,
which built the Mount Tamalpais road,
has ' held one-fourth of the stock. The
company has become Interested In con
struction work for the Government at
San Pedro and has finally accepted Gen
eral Wariield's offer for its holdings, in
stock of the scenic railway.
Since that transaction General Warfleld
has been elected vice president and a di
rector of the Mount Tamalpais road. S.
B.,Cushing continues as .president of the
corporation.
General Warfleld's wide experience as
a hotel man will serve the company well.
While he will not have direct charge of
the Tavern of Tamalpais his Judgment
will be accepted by the management in all
matters concerning it, as well- as in ef
forts to make the railway and the hotel
better known throughout the East and
to tourists generally.
About three months ago General War
field became impressed with the possibil
ities of the railway and the tavern of
Tamalpais in view of the great beauty of.
the /Mount Tamalpais scenery. He began
trying to get hold of some of the stock,
but found that none of It was for sale
and his efforts were at first fruitless.
Part of the stock of the Mill Valley and
Mount Tamalpais Railway Company has
passed into other hands and with the
change there is promised a new era in
management that will make the line one
of the best advertised scenic railways in
the country. General R: H. Warneld is
the new owner of stock in the corporation,
he having lately secured control of one
fourth of it.
The Road and the Tavern Will. Be
Thoroughly Advertised in the
Bast and Among
Tourists.
General Warfield Secures
Control of One-Fourth
of Its Stock. "
PART OWNER OF
THE TAMALPAIS
SCENIC RAILWAY
/Hards has been in the Fire Department
for nine years. His position as superin
tendent of the'stables Involved his exam
ining the new horses that are bought, and
as a Judge of horseflesh he is considered
one of • the best in town.
"I do not .think that Harris thought he
was doing anything very wrong when he
committed the act," he said. "In fact,
I think it was a very trivial offense. But
discipline must be maintained. He was a
very efficient and, useful man to the de
partment. \He has been suspended and I
do not know whether he will be reinstated
or: not. ¦''¦¦. When:' Harris was questioned
about 1 the hauling of the meat by a mem
ber of the department he excused himself
by , saying that it was done during the
noon hour. I regret that the story is to
become •} public, as I hoped the matter
would pass unnoticed." -
Harris is at present- out of town, but he
stated to friends before leaving that he
had put money into the shop, which l^ln
the Mission, and that he had asked
O'Erien.to haul meat for his brother but
once.
Commissioner Rolla V. Watt, when in
terviewed last night, was very reticent
about the affair: •
•Robert J. Harris Is no longer superin
tendent of the Fire Department stables
at Tenth and Brannan streets. -He was
suspended recently for ordering a man
named O'Brien to haul meat for his
brother, who is a butcher, and for using
also the department horses and wagon for
the job. It was discovered that Harris
was guilty of this breach of discipline and
the matter was reported to the Commis
sioners. Action was taken at once and
Fireman Tobin of Truck 'No. 35 waa placed
In 'Harris' -position. .
Under His Orders Department Horses
and Vehicle Are Pressed Into
-T7se for Private Pur
poses.
Superintendent Harris of
Fire Departme.nt Stables
Suspended
HAULING MEAT
FOR BROTHER
DOES NOT GO
month or -so every club In this city Is
likely to have a money interest Jn tha
fund, and a number from the outslda will
also come generously to the front.
The fall prize shooting festival of the
California Schuetzen Club will be held in
Schuetzen Park on September 16 and 17.
A liberal programme of prizes la offered.
Twenty-flve cash prizes from $20 to $1 aro
offered for the most points. A like num
ber are to be given for the best centers.
Five hundred dollars Is to be distributed
in premiums on red. blue and 'white flags.
In the match for the honors of king and
the king diamond medal. 200 shots, there
are besides the medal ten cash prizes.
Aside from the competition for cash prizes
over $1000 worth of merchandise prizes In
the shape of jewelry, silverware, house
hold goods, etc., will be shot for on the
honorary target. Prizes are also to be
distributed to the winners In several
other events. A general Jollification will
be held at the distribution of the winnings
on the evening of September 20 In Eln
tracht Hall on Twelfth street.
The action of the California Miners' As
sociation in reference to the Polar Star
mine ca.=e has attracted much attention
and a variety of comments In the Interior
counties. Some of the comments are
based upon an evident misunderstanding
of the actual happenings at the meeting
of the association last week. A commit
tee was appointed to employ counsel, the
committee consisting of W. C. Ralston,
Fred Zcltter. Edward H. Benjamin. Ed
ward Coleman, Harold T. Power, Dan T.
Cole and J. S. McBride. Among the ar
ticles published in Placer County Is one
written by Chris Runckel of Dutch Flat,
which appeared In the Colfax Sentinel,
purporting to give the facts concerning
the Polar Star mine. Some extracts are
given to Indicate the attitude taken by
Placer County Hydraulick
ers Would Have Cami
netti Act Upheld.
California Miners' Association Will
Assist Mlchols — Echoes From
Pick and Drill in
Many Mines.
POLAR STAR IS
TO TWINKLE IN
A LAW COURT
tows" County hydraulic miners, as fol-
It BWim to us that the time has come to
test the Camlnetti law. The Polar Stir mine '
TEE, vTtV°? ye il a - Three r*ars £5 Wil
liam Nichols Jr.. bought the property, raised
streryrthenM and enlarged the old Liberty Hlli
dam. secured a permit from the Federal Com
missioners and started the mine. The specifi
cations of the engineers have been strictly
complied with. Xo better restraining dam ha«
been built under the Caminettl law and no
miner has compiled more closely with the pro
visions of that law. The question now arises
in*"? *•' . Ca . mlnettl law regulate hydraulic mini I
Th<» writer with 'others has epent much ef
fort in the past to secure Justice for the peo
ple of the -mining- »ectlon. We do not wish
to injure the valley i>eoi>le. We believe the
miners have tried to effect a settlement of the
question which will at once protect the farm
ing section and enable a few at least, of the
hydraulic mines to work.
i^'w wai 7? our mlnin S friends right here that
ir tne valley people can close down the Polar
bfar mine they can close down every mine in
the State. There is no better location for a
cam and there is no better dam put up unde-
™ e 1 la 7 tfcan the Llbe «y Hill dam.
The eld dam condemned by Judge Sawyer Btood
intact and was a stronger dam at the end of l
twelve years than when he condemned It As
improved by William Nichols Jr. it has been
made an ideal restraining dam. • • • We
hope the constitutionality and scope of tha
<_aminettl law will be tested in this case.
Those who are concerned In dredge mln- '
Ing in California may be interested in
facts concerning dredging in New Zea
land, where that form of gold seeklne
originated. Central Otago wts the birth
place of the gold dredge 6 The whole su?
l£l2f i hat section has b «*n carved and
?n J*S 1 «?7 n asa i n an , d according
of £*f*r i en * Ce . of geology, by the action
of water and ice. Consequently there
hav « be f n formed extensive alluvial de-
P™ ot the tertiary age, composed of
l^th S h£i Cla 2\£ and and coarse gravel.
».»,i k « re i and there a seam of lignite
which finds a use in supplying the modem
dredge with fuel. Th«e deposits T^e a n
more or less aurtferous and some b? r^S
present water level; the third class of Z
¦IB
As compared with th« fine gold o^c^rVing
really fine gold in the washdirt is not
pfoyed b> ' thC a^ Uance « at present em
»,^, h t X? 1 ?*, states Geological Survey
has published a monograph on the sub
J vii t n° f in depth in the quartz
follows- Nevada - Its conclusion is as
It can be confldenUy stated that there la nn
rradual diminution of the tenor of the ore
in the pay shoots below the zone of surfacl
decomposition. Within the ram, shoot th""
mar be many and great variations of tlic
ir« ' b , ut u th « re »¦ certainly no gradual de
crease of It from the surface down. This im
portant fact haa been previously Btated hy
thofo conversant with the veins. The stat"
luentH to the contrary are due to Imperfect ac-
The Wataga Gold Mining Company has
been organized to develop an ancient rtv
er channel near Volcano. Amador County
Crosscuttlng on the 1200-fcot level Is pro!
ce«iin« in the Lincoln mine, near Sutter
Creek. The tailings of the . Defender
mine, near West Point, are being work-d
over. Georse A. Orltton Is runnimr a
5SS vSS?rf of free washing veI
near Mokelurane Hill. There Is some st?r
in mining properties in Calaveras County
The Mutual Mining and Milling Company
has the A\ aters mine, near Copperopolls
under bond and has Just made a payment.
Tnis Is a Boston corporation. J. E Bur
ton has sold his interest Jn the Green
Mountain mine to Tarbell & Amendt. The
McSorley gravel mine at Camanche has
resumed. The old Napoleon copper claim
l£ n ,,. Hog Hil1 Is beIn S opened up by the
Williams brothers. -
The Treka Journat reports fine results
a » he i? lsk i 3 i. < ? u Count >' new gold mine
at Gazelle. Shipments of we, so the Jour
nal says, are made to the Keswick Smelt
ing Morks every week. Prospectors are
opening up claims all over the dividing
range of mountains on the .west side of
Shasta Valley, and also on the opposite
I side of the same range, cast of Scott Val
ley. ,,..¦:;
• The Colfax Sentinel says that the Tad
¦ pole Consolidated Gold Mining Company
has 2C0 acres in its claim, which Is east
! of Westv'lle, and that men are 'opening
i an outlet to the gravel channel.
j. The Tuolmnne Independent says that
. the Confidence mine has closed opera
. tions, so far as development. work is con
1 corned.. H. W. Byrne and B. A. Hinkle
I have located a mining claim on the Tuo
; lumnc Jtiver. near Carters, on a . ledge
CO feet wide, which can be worked by
water power from the river. The - Long
fellow mine will' continue to run with
i water obtained from the Mississippi mine
Another examination Is being made of the
Rawhide and App mines.
W. II. Martin has deeded the Superior
quartz mine in Diamond district: El Do
j rado County, to AlvJnza Hayward. It has
been operated several months by- Hay
ward under bond. , M. M. Drew of Sacra
mento and P. c. Conn and J. H. Donnelly
of Folsom have put a large force at work
on their river-bed mine at Salmon Falls.
The Two Channel Mining ' Company - will
make developments on tne "Wilton claim
near Josephine. £lflRNtNHMB9PMP>$mB a ll
The Inyo Independent reports that' the
Brown Monster mine, southeast- of Inde
pendence, has been bonded -. to Eastern
PREPARATIONS for a fitting recep
tion to Bishops H. W. Hamilton
and Dai-Id II. Moore of the Meth
odist Episcopal church, the dls- j
Urgdshed prelates who are to arrive In J
thl« city en Saturday next, are completed.
A special committee, composed of cler
gymen of this city and vicinity, will meet
the visitors ct Sacramento and escort
them to Ban Francisco.
Bishop Hamilton will occupy apartments
at the Occidental Hotel and Bishop Moore j
and family will be the guests of Dr. Hut
elspiUer at the latter' e residence, 212 j
Halght street. On Sunday morning Bishop
Moore will nreach In the First Methodist
Episcopal Church of Oakland and Bishop
Hamilton. -will occupy the pulpit of the
Central M. E. Church, of which Dr. Hut-
Einplller Is pastor, on Mission street, near
fcixth.
«r, Ir y h< ; e X ei i 1 . n& r? Is )j 0 P Moore will preach
In Central M. E. Church. On Tuesday
evening August 2S. a reception will bo
tendered the Bishop? in Grace M. E.
Church It will be in the nature of a
farewell reception to Klshop Moore, as he
ocw* wlth , h ' s family for China. At the
last General Conference Bishop Hamilton
Moorrto^ShVn^aT FrancIsco «* B '^°P
METHODIST BISHOPS
WILL SOON BE HERE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM,, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19, 1900.
Rifle Clubs Make Liberal Donations
to Txmd of National Schuetzen
Bund.
The several committees of the National
Schuetzen Bund having- In charge the ar
rangements of the big rifle tournament of
next year are doing good work and the
outlook for success Is favorable. Already
about $1400 for prizes Is In sight. Captain
L. Slebe, proprietor of Shell Mound range,
where the tournament Is to take place
has come forward with $200. Nick
Ahrens. the -well known rifle shot, swung
into line with $500. i Fhllo Jacoby, one of
the most enthusiastic marksmen of the
West, added $100 to? the fund. At a recent
meeting the San * Francisco Schuetzen
Club subscribed $300. but this action was
reconsidered at a special meeting last
week and the amount raised to $500. The
Germanla Schuetzen Club at Us last meet-
Ing decided to add Its contribution In the
shape of $100 for a start. Within the next
FOURTEEN HUNDRED
DOLLARS FOR PRIZES
40
Iiangley & Michaels Co. Suffer Loss
'; Through an Explosion in ; ,
Cellar of Store.
: An explosion 'of - chemicals in the cellar
of the wholesale drug house of Langley &
Michaels v at .40 First street ; yesterday
afternoon caused - a -fire . which" gave ' the
department considerable trouble to extin-
The leakage from ; a can of bicarbonate
of potash. ¦; which was struck by a weight
dropped • by a careless" clerk, is thought to
have caused the blaze. ; The explosion thus
caused , spread ; to j some < benzine and ; alco
hol stored inthe cellar and a lively, blaze
was soon under way.
- So stubborn : did the flames prove that it
became . necessary - to .call out all the
chemical engines of the department; Even
these- we're; unable to cope: with "the flre,
which was finally quenched with shovel
fuls > of sand. > The ; loss, covered by insur
ance, will not exceed $500. . ,
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
""-—""""" —————————— Y' 1 7;TT" '
1QOO-1GO1.
ELEGANT DISPLAY OF '-^J&8t>
TAILORED SUITS,
JACKETS,
CAPES AND" FURS, REA>
CHILDREN'S COATS AND CAPES. JSSSL
SUPERIORITY OF STYLE. U A^^^^^Sa\
PERFECTION OF FIT AND FINISH. & iS^T^dn
'^^^^ > COMPETITION. Vs/S'P Iwk
I h^^^\ mk 0FFER1NGS '
I ¦ f^m' '¦"•• M S4,S5,S6.50andS8.50for
. v!s^mt Wflfy the balance of our TAILOa SUIIS, all this
I Mrir season's, less than half of former prices.
1 m^rk 250 ALL - W00L TRAMPING SKIRTS, in
I JbR^ ft\ assorted shades of gray and brown, at
%. \'f^W . ' n $3. Regular price & J5.
••THE CREDIT HOUSE."
Six Stories High.
Three-piece Parlor Set in Ma-
hogany. * Bright velour uphol-
stering. Wide settee, large re-
ception & graceful parlor chair.
Vacations over, 'tis the time to
provide for home comforts and
gatherings. Parlor Sets take
up lots of room, and we need
room to show;things constantly
ooming in $16.50
Drapery Department — The response
to -bur offering of Madras Curtains
last; week justifies us in continuing
it. Roman ;Striped designs of the
daintiest tints and textures. Hung
with your lace curtains they lend an
Oriental effect truly, charming:
iq pairs $3.00, were $ 4.00
17 pairs $4.00, were $ 5.50 ¦-
. 23 pairs 55. 50, were $ 8.00
.21 pa j rs 1 $7. 50, 'were $ 10.00
12 pairs $7.50/ were $12.06 : ,. ?
CARPET DEPARTMENT
-Wilton i Rugs — Velvety, thick,
rich material. , Many r patterns \ in
Oriental colorings ¦& designs; a rug
for piano, parlor or.' drawing room.
The kind you have paid $4 for. " - 27
x; 54- in.; fringed ends, : $2.25.;
Free Delivery. Oakland. 1 Alameda, Berkeley }
M.- FRIEDMAN X CO.
"•-• (Incorporated)
233 - 237 Post St Open Evenings
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(TRADE MARK OX EACH SHOE.)
With the
Endless
-Thousands
of Wearers in
San Francisco the
SHOES have ricoi the test of
the post critical, the most finicky an I
the zaost economical buyers. We are
pleased to add that only oceans of
praise hare enanated from these en-
thuEi&Bt;o admirers of
"SorosiS"
There Is a Treat in Store for Ton:
Forty-Five Styles J L l"/ n
Ererf Leather vX-nil
Shoes or Oxfords IPU~
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT
5O THIRD STREET,
Seeocd 8km Store From Ktrktt Street,
! SAN FRANC! t>CO.
"We prepay tfpllvery charges on all So-
ro«U Ehoe* enum<»ratp<l In ratalogue to
any part of th« Unittd States. j
CATALOGUE KEADT.
BADWAI'S BEADY BELIKF hu atood
unrl%-aled befsre tfie public for GO years aa a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and qutckly
cure* all Colds. Sore Threats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Tothache and all pains. Internally
lor atalarla, in J all Bowel Tains. Mil drurclsla.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale'i
¥ this week bigger— Letter— opportunities. /for economical fiuging will greet gou. all j
|| over the store, goup dollars will often count once and a half— sometimes more. &
J. moylng time is drawing nearer— the new stocks fop the new store are coming, there y
I . are still too manu summer goods— too manu hig and unwieldD lots to move— too manu 4
I . odd, little and old lots for the short time left, then must go hefore the new stocks J
Y come, and we haye marked them from one price to another until, the store fairlg %
4 every stock is now under quick marching orders to lighten the cost and labor of moving - 7
in old store news these departments have teen new store news A
T the whole store is huiWlng over ¦ Picked for special cutting— be- that magnificent monument to w
#4" with removal sale enthusiasm— not cause it costs a loss to move— or our progressive and aggressive 1
y a single department is out of step, kppn— Rnri wp nppfp? tn nivp that merchandising methods and uour 11
L hest time to visit the store nowa- f BBD f anQ We T l0 , lMl appreciation-six doors west-is J
m days is in the morning, loss t0 uou-crockeru, enamelware, mv \^ nearing completion. L
/ August selling to date exceeds beddings, trimmings, gloves, dolls, the plasterers are about to move 11
|| all past August records for the tous, silk waists, suits and muslin out-the fixture men are working £
y- entire month. underwear -one freight elevator is m run- , &
A . the whole Storu of this removal ' H nearlu ? all the stocks have heen J
% sale isn't told in our advertise- __ hnimht-snniP r?p Srtn In t?SS- 4
F • mpnk— qtiptp fnrhiHQ mnpp than c£L Mf JM/ W ~ uijuom sume are aireauu in iran ra
4 S chapters ? iL . u win not be lono . More we Y
Y our dress goods buuer has gone J$m —-^--^^^ most modern dru goods store in all %
|k east for more new goods, n^^^^ nn^^ this western country /