VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 90.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
JAPAN'S FOOTHOLD IN CHINA— VIEW OF THE CITY OF AMOY FROM THE
AMOT IS ON THE SOUTHEASTERN COAST OF CHINA, IN THE PROVINCE OP FOKIEN, AND NEARLY
OPPOSITE TAIWAN. THE JAPANESE NAVAL. STATION ON THE ISLAND OF FORMOSA. IT STANDS ON THE
SMALL ISLAND OF HA1MEX, IN A COMMODIOUS BAY. AND HAS A POPULATION OF 150.000 PEOPLE.
THE REV.J. GOFORTH, WHO FOUGHT HIS WAY THROUGH A HORDE OF
CHINESE OUTLAWS AND BEARS. THE SCARS OF BATTLE.
T T T ASHINGTON, Aug. 28.— Several • communications came
A AY to. Washington from tho United States officials in
y y China" to-day, but being undated In most- cases the
¦* Government was by no means, satisfied with the state
c£ communications, and the Cabinet meeting gave the larger
part of its attention to the problem of rectifying this state of
affairs. Evidences of interference with ; the messages have
accumulated .to a point where the Government has determined
tc take steps to establish cables of its own, even if it is neces
sary to employ tho rather expensive device of a man-of-war
plying between Shanghai' and Chefu-, for' this purpose. Mean
while word comes "that rapid progress is making with the shore
cable which is to connect these points, and it is believed that
within a week these means of communication will be open. _
Two - messages were received from General Chaff ee | to-day,
and while they cast n6 light on the general situation: they, were
inferentially important. The ( general'B statement that he needs
no siege battsry^ taken In connectlcn with the diversion of; the
First Cavalry, which was bound from Taku to • Manila; ] seems
to make it I clear I that th^re Is no \ intention of - entering .'into a
prolonged campaign 'in ~ China,', as -would involve' the, vseof
heavy artillery or of reinforcements in - the shape of ¦ men and
• ; Therefore more interest attached to a series ot diplomatic
calls upon Acting Secretary this afternoon than any. re
port of purely, military- operations in^Chlna. First came: the
Japanese 'Minister, Mr. < Takahira: next the Russian charge,
Mr. Wollant, a"nd < finally •; Mr. -Thiebaut, the - French charge.
1 hese trained diplomats naturally are averse ¦ to l letting '"> the
public know the. developments ' of Incomplete negotiations.
Nevertheless,. ltj was gathered that one of the principal topics
of 'discussion'- was , the propriety of accepting- Li Hung Chang
as a proper person with whom the powers might , negotiate for
a settlement In China. .;',
horses. "At the same time It cannot be said that the Govern
ment has shown any sign- of a purpose to abandon any just
claim It may have secured upon China through the brilliant
operations of -the little American force in the Flowery King
dom. But it begins; to appear that the battle of to-day is one
of diplomacy; rather than ,one of arms, .and notwithstanding
the various nimora that : have filtered out from Chinese sources
of heavy engagements : between the international forces and the
Boxers, the officials here are satisfied that no 'formidable or
ganized resistance ¦ would" he offered : by ¦ the Chinese if | the de
mands of the powers are limited to the principles .'aid down by
the United States. ' :
First Task of This Government, However, Seems
to Be to Check the Intolerable Inter
- ference With Messages.
PRESENT BATTLE IN CHINA IS
DECLARED ONE OF DIPLOMACY
LONDON. Aug. 29. 3:40 a. m.— That
the inexplicable delay in forward
ing telegrams from the Chinese
capital still continues Is illustrated
by the fact that the latest dispatch
from Peking, the telegram of the special
correspondent of the Associated Press,
describing the search ior Boxers in th«
imperial rark. Is dated no later than
AuguFt "1. There is np confirmation from
any source of the report of an advance
toward the north from. Peking. On the
contrary, a movement southward to clear
the country and to injure free communi
cation with Taku is apparently In pro-
The powers as late as August 21 were
etill unable to agTee a? to how to deal
¦with Peking Itself, me Japanese and
Russian;* bring at variance as to whether
the imperial palace should he destroyed.
Nor is there any furt'nor news of the al
leg-ed detention of LI Hung Chang by the
admirals. Probabilities increase that all
the members of the imperial household
have pot safely to the interior.
Another dispatch, dntf^i Peking, Auguf t
15. and p**nt by pn«t to .Shanrnal, describes
scpne? of appalling df^<-iation arid wamon
destruction on Lefrarion Ftreet. All the
Jioures of foreigner* wore riddled with
shells, burned or Mown up. An attempt
•was made to mine the American lfgratinn.
A shaft was sunk from the top of the
•wall fifteen feet deep and was continued
as a tunnel, with a sharp slope, in the
direction of the legation. Apparently the
Chinese did not have time to finish it.
The Eiecle's report of a defeat suffered
by the allies at Peking is everywhere dis
credited.
The Chinese legation in St. Petersburg
has received news that peace negotiations
have already begun.
The Peking correspondent of the Daily
News, in a dispatch dated August 21. as
ters that there are thousands of In
6tarces coing to show that the Boxers
•were approved by the Imperial officers 'n
their Indescribable ferocity.
JAPAN LANDS
FORCE AT AMOY
United States Seems to Ap-
Drcve of the Pro
ceeding.
HONGKONG. Aug. 2S.— General Go
to. tT'm the Island of Formosa
(Japar.*e territory), commands
the Jirianese forces occupying
Amoy. Larse bodies of troops
have been land'd and Nordenfeldt puns
have been mounted, commanding the city.
Many Chinese 5 re Reaving. The British
cruiser Isl» sailed from here to-day under
scaled erders. It :.s thoupht probable she
is gt>lmf to Amoy. Canton Is quiet. The
large merchant guilds are feeding the
poor in order to prevent a disturbance.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON. All*. 28.— Japan
has formally annour. ed to the powers the
reasons which indue* 1 her to land a force
cf marines at Amoy. Mr. Takahira. Jap
anese Minister to the United States, call
4*4 at the State Department to-day and
'.'pft with Acting Secreriry Adee a copy of
a dinpatcn he received to-day from Toklo.
It 1b believed" the dipt.- matlc representa
tives of Jar»n 1» Europe took Elmllar ac
tion concerning the contents of the dis
patch. It was stated at the legation that
"in view of the fact that Amoy has en
account of Its proximity to Formosa fre-
Qucntly served as the base of evil designs
Just what would be done in case some ol
the powers began war for the purpose of
territorial aggrandizement is not known,
and the administration is not disposed to
cross the bridge until it reaches it. , But
a member of the Cabinet stated to-day
that if any of the European powers en
tered upon such a programme it probably
would be reminded by the United States
that it had agreed to the "open-door" pol
icy, by which all the powers are to bo
placed upon an equal footing and that if
territory were acquired under the agree
ment we would be entitled to the same
privileges in the matter of trade, etc., as
the conqueror.
The administration has nothing tending
to confirm the alarmist rumors regarding
the situation at Peking. Admiral Remey
reports nothing disquieting and it is as
sumed that if there was any prospect of
the allies being attacked and hemmed In
he would be in a position to hear of It
and would promptly report it to Washing
ton.
The Cabinet ' meeting lasted two hoftrs
and twenty minutes, the absentees beins
Secretaries Hay, Long, Wilson and Attor
ney General Griggs.
DARING DEED OF
A JAPANESE SOLDIER
YOKOHAMA, Aug. 11.— Japan is rejoic
ing over the laurels her troops are win
ning in China. Their feat of blowing up
the gates, of Tientsin was one of the most
daring on record. - The wires which were
to ignite the guncottoa refusing to work,
one of the soldiers delioerately went up to
the gates and, applying a match, was
blown into atoms as the gates came down.
A second soldier then climbed up the in
ner wall and In the dim light of the
morning opened the city to his comrades,
who swarmed in while the astonished
Chinamen threw down their guns and
fed. There are Indications that Japan is
WASHINGTON. Aug. 28.— After the
Cabinet meeting to-day it was an
nounced that the Government was
in a waiting attitude regarding
the Chinese situation. The lack o£ late
advices from Peking and the failure of
the powers to show their hands as to
future policy make it necessary for th!s
Government to await developments. The
administration considers 1 it of tho great
est importance that in the negotiations
for a settlement of the Chinese dlfflculty
all the powers should act in unison and
harmoniously and its efforts are being di
rected to that end. The powers, however,
are slow to declare themselves. Several
replies nave been received to the instruc
tions sent to our Embassadors and Minis
ters Ian week, asking them to sound the
Governments to which they are accred
ited on two propositions: First, the will
ingness of these Governments to accept
the sufficiency of Li Hung Chang's cre
dentials to treat with the powers for a
settlement, and second, to ascertain if
possible what the future policy of each
power is to be. Regarding the latter in
quiry the replies thus far have developed
nothing. The powers appear to be watch
ing each other, without definite or fixed
purpose as yet of their own. With regard
to the first Inquiry Great Britain and Rus
sia are agreed that Karl Li's credentials
are sufficient. Germany, however, takes
a firm stand against the sufficiency of his
credentials and is the only power as yet
which has returned a flat-footed dissent.
The attitude of the United States is that
his credentials appear authentic. They
were promulgated by what appeared to
be a. genuine imperial edict, duly trans
mitted through the accredited Chines*
Minister, Mr. Wu, and the United States
Is willing to accept them at their face
value — at least for the present.
The administration,. from the advices it
has received,' does not credit the rumors
that Russia. Japan and Germany Intend
to declare war against China, and it; is
willing to accept all disclaimers of ulte
rior purposes on the part of the powers.
Powers Are Not Yet Agreed
Concerning Li Hunrj
Chang,
NOW AWAITING
DEVELOPMENTS
There has never been any thought on
the part of the administration officials of
criticizing Japan for her action in landing
marines at Amoy, and in fact the disem
barkation of the force has rather met
with approval. There are large American
interests in Amoy, and their appeals are
responsible in a great measure for the
dispatch of the Castine there. The pres
ence of Japanese marir.es Is expected to
bare a salutary effect upon the residents
of Amoy, but particularly upon Chinese
officials, who are expected to take meas
ures for the restoration of order and
maintenance of peace in the hope that
following the return of quiet the Japanese
will be withdrawn. No doubt Is enter
tained that Japan will withdraw her ma
rines when order is reftored and by her
action establish a precedent which may
be pofnted to for the purpose of Inducing
other nations to leave the empire.
upon the island and in addition to the
burning of the Japanese temple thero
have been riots against foreigners, the
Japanese Government has considered Jt
necessary to land a small force for the
purpose of protecting their consulate and
foreign residents at thai port."
VIENNA, ' Aug. 28.— The commander of
the Austrian armored cruiser Kaiserin
Maria Theresa, in a dispatch from Chefu.
which is not dated, reports that Russian
and Japanese troops arc advancing north
ward from Peking. . ; ¦ <
ADVANCING FROM PEKING.
The Mi?s Woodward referred to in the
dispatch from Tientsin i.s undoubtedly the
daughter of Mrs. Woodward, wife of M. S.
Woodward, assistant manager of the
Western Adjustment Company. They
were guests of Minister Conger at Poking.
Mrs. and ] Miss Woodward left Evanston
in February to make a tour .of Japan and
China. They were accompanied by Mrs.
Conger, wife of the Minister. Miss Mary
Condlt-Smith has also been a guest of
Minister Conger at Peking. One of 'Miss
Smith's sisters is the wife of General
Leonard Wood, Governor General of
Cuba.
Captain John T. Myers, or "Jack" My
ers, as he is familiarly known, who, ac
cording to a dispatch received at the Navy
Department in Washington from Admiral
KcmpfT, July 5, was assigned to command
the legation defenders at Peking, was born
in Germany and was appointed from the
State of Georgia, entering the Marine
Cofljs in September, 1SS7. He is the re
puted author of the famous satirical
poem, "Hoch der Kaiser," which involved
Captain Coghlan in so much difficulty.' He
was attached to the flagship Baltimore
and was afterward assigned to duty with
the marines on board thp Oregon.
The American Signal Service Corps, co
operating with those of the British, has
completed the telegraph line from Peking
to Taku.
Fifteen of the American wounded, in
cluding the marines wounded during the
siege of the legations, have arrived here
by boat from Peking. Myers (possibly
Captain Myers of the' United States Ma
rine Corps) is suffering from typhoid fever
and cannot be moved.
Lieutenant Waldron of the Ninth United
States Infantry received a serious sniping
wound while patrolllns at Hoo-Se-Woo.
The Russians, Germans and Japanese are
constantly pushing troops on to Peking.
TIENTSIN, Aug. 25, via Taku, Aug. 27.'—
Fifty Americans, { including the Misses
Condlt-Smith, Woodward and Paine, have
arrived here from Peking, which city they
left five days ago.
RESCUED- AMERICANS' -.,.
HAVE REACHED TIENTSIN
quietly sending more troops to China.
Picked men are being dispatched to sup
ply the constant losses. The large fleet of
transports is still In constant service
bearing men and supplies. .
QEKING, Aug. 21,
T~ via Taku Aug. 27.
— Three Russian,
two Japanese, one I British
and one American bat
talion searched the im
perial park, south of the
city and about five miles
out, for Boxers. No armed
force, was found, but only
a single Chinese scout,
who was killed. The Japan
ese are in possession of
the imperial summer pal
ace. The winter palace
here is still closely guard-,
.ed. The Russians wish -to
destroy it, but the Japan
ese wish to save it. : A
southward movement be
gan to-day and will con
tinue, but several detach
ments will remain to pro
tect converts.
PARIS, Aug. 28. — Ad
miral Courrejolles, the
French commander in
Chinese waters, has cabled
to the Navy Department
here that a council of the
admirals has notified the
foreign legations at Pe
king that it has been de
cided to hold Li Hung
Chang on board ship until
the opening of negotia-v
tions between the powers
RUSSIANS AND JAPANESE DIFFER AS TO
THE DESTRUCTION OF IMPERIAL PALACE
Harrowing Tales by Returning Missionaries
of Indignities Suffered at the Hands of
Chinese Mobs— Rev. Goforth Bears the
Marks or Conflict.
From the Chinese Capital Comes a Story of
Wanton Destruction in Legation Street.
Houses of Foreigners Riddled With
Shells, Burned or Blown up.
Continued on Second Pago. „
. ¦
THE steamer China, which docked
late last evening, brought another
lot of refugees from the seat of tur
moil in China. Ttaj party consisted
of Rev. J. Goforth, Mrs.^Joforth and four
children, Mrs. Simmon,* Miss Pyke, Miss
Mclntosh and Miss Dow. M.D., all from
Canada and workers in the Canadian mis
sion of the Presbyterian church. There
were also five children with the refugees.
The most interesting and communicative
person in the party was Rev. J. rGoforth,
who had a hot tlmo with Chinese bandits,
but bravely brought his family and self
safely to the coast through the most try
ing circumstances.
"We had due warning from the friendly
natives that there was trouble brewing,"
said. Mr/ Goforth. "but we did not think
the expected trouble would materialize, as
there had been many rumors that hadf
proved to be false. However, when we
received a notification from our Consul to
make for the coast as fast as possible we
lost no time in getting on the way to the
Yellow River. In fact, we left so sud
denly that I wore nothing but a pair of
Chinese overalls and a shirt, while in the
fracases that followed the shoes were
taken off my feet and I went barefooted
until I arrived among friends.
"We had no money to start with, but
after I had argued with the Chinese offl-
"The city was so disturbed we dared not
go Into the syeet. "We finally left Mr.
Holmes' house, climbing the wall sur
rounding it with the aid of a clothesrack
and a small ladder. On our way to the
nearest yamen — magistrate's house — we
met the soldiers sent to our assistance and
went back witn them to the yamen. The
mandarins, of whom there were three,
went- to the house to try to preserve our
property, but their presence had no ef
fect, as the criob continued its looting 1 ,
which had commenced on the discovery or
our absence. The mob had broken all tha
windows with stones and finally forced the
doors. The furniture was broken into bit3
and set fire to.
"When the Chinese horde had succeeded
in utterly demolishing the place they ad
vanced on the magistrate's house and
threatened to attack It unless we were
given up. Nine of the soldiers who had
defended us so faithfutly were wounded,
but they stood by us. We finally made up
our minds that if a boat could be secured
we'. would risk an attempt to reach the
coast. We so informed the mandarin, and
"The telegraph wires were cut and the
postofflces were closed, but we determined
to return to the city, where we thought
we would have greater protection. Wo
went to Mr. Holmes' house anil the man
darins issued a proclamat?"n to the peo
ple, telling them we must not be dis
turbed. No attention was paid to tho
edict;., on the contrary the notices were
defaced and covered with placards. call-
Ing on the people to kill the foreigners.
"My wife and I went with the Rev. T.
D. Holmes and family from Shanhing, in
tending to spend some . time en the hills
In the neighborhood of Klnhwa-Fu. Wo
reached the latter, place and spent eight
or nine most enjoyable days, when rumors*
reached us of the attacks on Chrl:tia,ns
by robbers. A day or so later we were re
quested by the mandarins of the district
to leave the hills.
Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Bausfield. who re
turned on the China, have a most thrill
ing story to tell of the difficulties they en
countered in making their escape from
the attacks of Chinese mobs. Mr. Baus
field is a member of the American Bap
tist Mission and has spent the past eight
years in China. He is a Chinese scholar,
speaking and writing the language fluent
ly, and has made a study of Chinese
classics. He tells the following story:
Mr. Goforth expressed the opinion that
it would not be safe for missionaries to
go into the interior of China for a year
at least. He does not think the war will
last that Ions, but says order cannot bo
restored within that period. The four
women whr» were subjected to the indig
nities mentioned by Mr. Goforth refused
emphatically to make any statement re
gardinpr their experiences. Tney :-eemed
to be of the opinion that the world at
large, which is so deeply interested in the
troubles of the missionaries, had no claims
upon them, thereby showing a truly Chris
tian spirit.
know' that the mission was looted and 1
believe there were no survivors of the at
tack."
"It was truly a stormy trip and we had
hand-to-hand flgh,ts In which we were
saved i only by a miracle. The Chinese
seemed to have a special hatred for the
Catholics and our declaration that we
were Protestants was all that saved our
lives. on: an occasion when. the infuriated
Chinese had 'their drawn swords over our
heads. I fear that the Catholic mission
near us was the scene of butchery..- I
"The result was nine wounds. which I
will long treasure in memory. The wonder
to me. is that we were not all killed. On
two occasions one of the children was
lost and Mr. Griffith went astray, but we
compelled the Chinese official to produce
them. At one of the stopping places the
women of the party were assaulted rough
ly and their clothes torn from them. The
Chinese were Induced to desist by calling
upon them to show their manhood and
not ! make war on women and children.'
Our party was all Canadians, but we were
enabled to get through the country by the
generosity and bravery of Mr. Jameson,
the American engineer, who furnished the
money necessary for the Journey.
"We besought the Chinese to take bur
goods and spare our lives, but they an
swered us that not one of us was to be
spared. Then our women begged so elo
quently for the lives of the little children
that the leader of the attacking party
shouted a command to his men to spare
our lives. Then- a rush was made for our
little property and we were robbed of all
we possessed. The mules attached to our
carts were wild with fright at thesound
of the pistol shots, the shouting and gen
eral noise of the conflict. I was knocked
senseless by a fearful blow on the head
with a Chinese sword and was almost run
over by the frightened mules.
"I do not- believe that the attack by sev
eral hundred Chinese on our little party
on Sunday. July 8. was made simply with
the idea o'f robbing us of our belongings
and what money we had with us. The Chi
nese may not have been Boxers, but they
were certainly imbued with the spirit of
the Boxers, and I know that' their first
idea was to do away with us and not al
low us to get out of the country. Why,
when we were, attacked there was some
thing like 10,000 Chinese gathered from all
around, for we were near a his town, to
stand by and see us slaughtered. They
did. not move to help us. any of them,
and I believe that we would have all been
killed if it had not been for the pleading
of the women. The fiendish * Chinese
rushed upon us with swords, stones and a
few firearms. We were almost defense
less, having only three revolvers in the
party. We fired first in the air, meaning
only to frighten them, but this had very
little effect. Dr. Leslie, for example, had
fired all his cartridges except one with
out aiming at any one, when, maddened
at last by his numerous wounds, he shot
and killed a big Chinese who was just
about to strike him -on the head with his
sword.
clal of our home town he pave us enough
to carry us about ten miles, leaving us to
(Struggle with the officials of the next
town, which we did successfully.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1900.
The San Francisco CallBOSTON. Aug. 2?.— The United States
battleship Alabama to-day won the
title of "Queen of the American
Navy" In one of the most magni
ficent *peed trials In the history of
the navy. Her average speed for four
hours' continuous steaming was seventeen
knots, a figure not quite as high as that
made by the Iowa. 17.04, but notable from
the fact thai It cave an Idea of the yet
undeveloped power In this latefet product
of American shipbuilders.
The Alabama was tyiilt by the Cramps
at Philadelphia and is unlike any of the
rarlier creations both architecturally and
as a fighting machine. Ehe was built un
der a contract that required at least an
average speed of Klxteen knots per hour.
It was after 10 o'clock when the great
craft was well down the coast toward the
ttartlng line, which was five miles south
east of Thatcher Island light, near the
extremity of Cape Ann. The course then
ran about north-northeast for thirty
three nautical miles, divided into five legs.
An Interesting and picturesque feature
I was the use of sister battleships as stake
i boats, five of them being lined up — the
! Texas. Massachusetts, Indiana, Kentucky
and Kearsarge. The Alabama came down
to the starting line about 10:30 o'clock
under fair headway and went by as If on
a cruise. The first stakeboat was the
Texas. The United States ship Osceola
wa? the second mark. The third leg was
marked by the Kearsarge, and as the
j Alabama went by, now at great speed.
; Captain Folger had his jackies lined up to
| ch*>er. The fourth mark was the Ken
tucky, thf fifth the Indiana and the out-
I mark, whfch was not far out' to sea from
J Boone Island, was the Massachusetts.
J This latter ship was passed shortly before
j half-papt 12 and then the Alabama was
given a few evolutions to test" her helm.
The return of the Alabama over the
i course had little more of moment than
;the run out She crossed the finish line
I about 3:30. Afterward the ship was again
BATTLESHIP ALABAMA IS
QUEEN OF AMERICAN NAVY
URGES NEGROES
TO SUPPORT THE
REPUBLICANS
Advice of Bishop Walters,
President of the Afro-
Americans.
With an Attendance of Over
Four Hundred Colored
Hen.
National Council Opens Its Session
NEW; YORK, Aug. 23.— Senator; Hanna
announced to-day that he will leave Tues
day.' or . of - next ; week ; for the
West; where he expects to remain to the.
end i of 'the ¦ campaign. ¦.? He said • he might
possibly return for a couple of fdays.i bui
that will depend on the situation.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Aug. . 2S.—
Governor Roosevelt will speak at the an
nual-apple carnival at Lea venworth dur
ing his trip through Kansas, and an ef
fort is being made to have Mr. Bryan,
and If not, Mr." Towne, deliver an ad
dress here the same week. It has been
planned to have a "Republican day" and
a "Democratic day," - into which all- the
regular carnival features wlll.be crowded.
United States Senator Baker arranged for
Roosevelt's coming, the date to be de
termined later, ' and Democratic leaders
have. started: a movement to secure Mr.
Bryan.' *_
HANNA TO START FOR
THE WEST SHORTLY
ROOSEVELT TO SPEAK
AT THE APPLE CARNIVAL
"I am very glad that Mr. Stevenson has
been Indorsed by the Populists. He is
thoroughly committed to the principles
set forth. In the Kansas City platform antf
deserves the support of all w^io believe la
those principles. To have nominated any
one else would have weakened the ticket.
The Populist organization will profit by
this evidence of its willingness to place
the. triumph of principles above partisan
ship." .. ;¦•' ,-;-^ ¦ . .
-LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. 28.— Mr. Bryan
to-day expressed himself as highly grati
fied over the action of the Populist Na
tional Committee at Chicago'ln Indorsing
the nomination of Mr. Stevenson for the
Vice Presidency. He said:. " .
BRYAN PLEASED WITH
ACTION OF POPULISTS
Senator Beveridge of Indiana will begin
his speaking tour in Chicago on Septem
ber 2o. He will then continue through the
Northwestern States. Senator Allison will
also speak In Colorado and Idaho. Sena
tor Dolllver of Iowa and Senator Cullom
will confine thelr.canvass principally to
their own States.#
CHICAGO. Aug. 2?.— G. J. Diekma.
chairman of the State Republican Com
mittee of Michigan, stated to-day at Re
publican headquarters that he did not be
lieve the published statements with re
gard to ex-Governor Pingree's defection
from the Republican party. . He stated
that Pingree would not support Bryan
and he believed he was loyal still to the
Republican ticket in spite of the reports
to the contrary.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 2S.— The
National Afro-American Council met here
to-day with an attendance of. 400 of the
representative colored men of the .United
States. Bishop Walters, president of the
organization, made his - address, which
was the feature of the day. He said that
the colored race was passing through tho
most critical period in Its history; that
great wisdom was needed to guide Its des
tinies, and that the race must stand for
its natural and constitutional rights not
in combative, revengeful spirit, but in a
manly, courageous way. He pleaded for
a full recognition of the privileges accord
ed to every white citizen of the United
States, denounced the recent disfranclse
ment amendments passed in North Caro
lina and accused the Federal Government
of neglect in not protecting the franchise
rights of the negro. He admitted that
prejudice was on the increase, but urged
that it is best to cease resistance and do
by education, industry and character
what cannot otherwise be practically ac
complished. He. urged the race to act
honorably in politics, and declared that
politicians must cease to make the negro
a pawn in the. political game.
"Some of us have signified our willing
ness to unite with the Democratic party
wherever and whenever they will make
advantages for us to do so. Since we
have taken the initiative. It Is for that
party to say whether it desires our votes
by a consideration in the way of just leg
islation and kind treatment. Until the
Southern Democracy changes Its attitude
in respect to the civil and political rights
of the negro I do not see how we can con
slstentlv help that party Into Federal
power, and I-for one will not do so."
DENIES^ THAT PINGREE
WILL SUPPORT BRYAN
Welden Mine Totally Destroyed by
Fire and Engineer * May
' :\ Not Live.
• LEADVILLE, Colo., Aug. 28.— The Wel
den mine, located just east of the c!ty_
limits, was totally destroyed' by fire to
night. The fire started In , the engine
room, but the engineer .i remained I at ; his
post until nearly all the men were hoisted
from below. The rest made their, way out
through ¦ other mines < In the vicinity. _
A ; large quantity of giant powder was
removed , safely, from " the building . by ; the
miners. • ; \ : ¦"¦"-"¦;Y, .,.'. '*¦; ' 'i
The Welden mine Is one of the richest
producers of sliver in the camp, ; and i has
been In almost constant operation' since
1895. .-;--•- -¦•; ¦ •.; ¦•'"-.¦ .-. ¦'.-: ¦. ¦¦ >r •>¦•-. :- :
• The fire burned for over an hour, burn
ing, several other houses. in the vicinity.
The ¦ loss is about $60,000, , including valu
able, plant -of machinery. ,
I ' The ; r " mine Is ~ In -, proximity • to other
shafts ; and for ..a- time a general conflag
ration : was f eared. : u The engineer , was ; re
moved from the building In a badly burned
condition,; and 1b not expected to live. *
STAYED AT HIS POST TO
SAVE- LIVES OF OTHERS
Weather conditions were almost ideal'
for the parade. The rays of the sun
were veiled by light, fleecy clouds nearly
all day. and even when unobscured their
effect was greatly le*?ened by a cool
breeze, which blew steadily off Lake
Michigan. The line cf march, too. was
much shorter than ever before mapped
out for the Annual parade, but notwith
standing here and th^-re a veteran, ex
hatirtcd. dropped out of the ranks. Espe
cially aru this true nfter the reviewing
Ftand was passed, and many pathetic
ecenejs were witnessed down the long
s-tretch of Michigan avenue as the vet
erans fell by the v/avslde.
Probably 30.000 members of the army of
veterans took part in to-day's parade.
For exactly four hour? and twenty min
utes, most of the time with ranks almost
perfectly aligned, but occasionally falter
ing under the burden .of years, they filed
past the reviewing r-land on Michigan
avenue, saluting, as they marched by.
General Nelson A. Miles, Commander in
Chief Shaw. General Dan E. Sickles and
the Spanish Minister, the Duke of Areos.
V VETERANS MARCHING PAST
? THE COURT OF HONOR, "
CHICAGO. Aug. 2S.— For four hours
and a half to-tlay the thinning
ranks of the Gtand Army of the
Republic pass?'! in review before
their leaders and before a million
fpeotat^rs. packed in almost solid masses
al^ng the four miles of the line of parade.
It marked the climax of the thirty-fourth
.•.:::.-.[ encampment and was, accordion
to Commander in Chief Shaw, th«? great
est parade since the day in Washington,
when the hundreds of thousands of vet*
c-rans. at th'at time tlie most .powerful
army on earth, marched In review to their
final diffeenoment.
Veteran Drops Dead.
The one especially sad incident occur
ring to mar in a degree the glory of the
I parade was when Charles Beckwith of.,
! Algonza. Mich., dropped dead as the line
j was tiling past the corner of Michigan
avenue and Madison street. The parade
¦ was halted for a moment and the body of
the veteran who had responded to his last
call was tenderly removed and his com
rades passed on.
It was shortly before 10:30 a. m. when
the head of the column started from the
i corner of Michigan avenue and Randolph
street, and an hour later it was filing pa«:
I the reviewing stand. For hours before
| that time the sidewalks along the line of
I march were packed from curb to wall, the
I windows of the immense office buildings,
! gay with fluttering flags and bunting,
were filled with sightseers, while along
Michigan avenue, where are erected the
beautiful columns and arches forming the
court of honor, the crowd was so great
i that the hundreds of police had great dif
ficulty in keeping clear the line of march.
And all through the hours that the vet
- erans tramped by this sea of humanity
roared its- welcome. . • . ¦--
Reviewed by Miles.
In the grand stand erected, down the
slop*? of -the Lake Front P«rk, " nearx the
lyOgan monument, were gathered scorei
of officers who won fame in the Civil War.
Tn the center box of the reviewing stand
were Lieutenant General Nelson A. Mile?,
representing- President McKlnley; Com-'
mnnder in Chief Shaw, General Joe
Wheeler. General Dan R. Sickles, Mayor
Harrison of Chicago and W. H. Harper.
-To their 1^'t were Acting Governor War
der. Speaker Henderson of the House of
Representatives. Bishop Fallows and Sen
ator Cullom. and to their right the Span
' ish Minister, the Duke of Arcos, with a
party of friends, stood an interested spec
tator. Warm greetings were accorded
General Miles and the Duke of Arcos as
they entered the reviewing stand. ,
"Old Abe" Is Cheered.
The first cheers from the reviewing
i stand were piven to the famous old war
i eagle of the Wisconsin troops, "Old Abe "
the stuffed figure of which, borne aloft
¦ by a brawny buckskin-dressed veteran,
was heartily greeted by the crowds and
saluted by General Miles and the others
: in the boxes.
! - The post escorting "Old Abo" was close
ly followed by Lucius Fairchild Post,
which startled the crowds by stopping In
front of General Miles and Commander
MADE CHARGES
OF CRUELTY ON
A TRANSPORT
Sensational- Ant9 - Mortem
Statement of an Army
Officer.
Declared Also That He Was Refused
Attendance by the Physi
cians at the Presidio ,
Hospital.
The body of Captain Crenshaw will He
in state at the capltol until to-morrow,
when it will be taken to La Grange, Ga.,
for Interment.
Captain Crenshaw said he was unable
to hold himself in the berth and fell out
three times while the ship was riding out
storms in the China Sea. He finally
bribed a hospital steward with J23 to give
him some attention. At San Francisco
Captain Crenshaw alleged treatment wai
refused him. the surgeon in charge In
forming him that it was impossible be
cause of limited assistance in the hos
pital. The wounded officer, accompanied
by his uncle, then started for Atlanta, and
an operation was performed here.
The statement was to the effect that
after the vessel left Manila and was on
the high seas officers In the stateroom
near Captain Crenshaw's complained that
he kept them awake by showing his suf
fering from his wound. He was taken
from the stateroom and, paralyzed on one
side, unable to lift his head and almost
unconscious, was placed in a berth in the
hold of the ship near the engines and
among Insane men who were confined
there.
ATLANTA. Ga., Aug. 2«.— Captain Frank
Crenshaw of the Twenty-ninth Volunteer
Infantry died here this morning. The de
ceased saw service In Cuba and the Phil
ippines and a wound received in the battle
of Putol eventually caused his death. Cap
tain Crenshaw, who arrived in Atlanta a
week ago. made an ante-mortem state
ment to his father in which he charges
outrageous treatment and neglect on
board tho transport Sherman from Manila
to San Francisco.
This dispatch la in reply to an Inquiry
sent pome time aso- to General Chaffee
relative to the sleffe battery which was
taken from Manila to Nagasaki to be sent
to China If needed. ; . r ;-V
"TAKU. China (no date).— Adjutant
General, Washington: Siepe battery not
needed. CHAFFEE."*
WASHINGTON. Ausr. 23.— The "War De
partment this afternoon made public the
following dispatch 'from General Chaffe*:
SIEGE BATTERY NOT NEEDED.
HAZELTON. Pa., Aug. 2S.— If the an
thracite coal operators refuse to grant th<?
demand of the United Mine Workers, as
embodied 'In the reports of the scale ami
resolutions committee, as presented and
adopted at to-day's convention, within ten
days of dafp. or" by September 8. a strike
Involving 140,000 miners, of which 40,000
are members of the Mine Workers' or-
Knnziation, will be declared. The commlr
tee to-day applied to the national board,
with headquarters at Tndianapolt3, to or
der a strike if no amicable agreement re
pnrdinR Increased waces, the powder
question <ind other Rrlovances Is reached.
MINERS MAY SOON GO
OUT ON A BIG STRIKE
WASHINGTON'. Aug. 2S.-The census of Bos
ton, Mass., as just announced by the Census
Bureau, is S6O.M2. against 44S.477 in 1*90. Thi3
is an increase of 112,415, or 25.07 per cent.
Indiana post and was warmly greeted, as
was also the flag of the Twenty-flrst Illi
nois Infantry, or rather the bare rem
nants of it. This was General Grant's
old regiment and the flag was given a per
fect ovation all along the line.
Picturesque features were supplied by
the Louisiana Veterans, who carried
pieces of sugar cane, topped with great
bunches of cotton: bv the veterans of
North Dakota, carrymg small sheaves of
wheat. Into which was stuck a small flag,
and by the South Dakota posts, each man
carrying an enormous ear of corn mount
ed on a staff.
Shortly after passing the reviewing
stand the line of march disbanded and
most of the veterans, "tirod with the hours
of march, sought their hotels and lodging
places.
Reception to Commander.
, The. evening was given up entirely to
affairs of a social character, the chief
event being an informal reception to Com
mander in ChW Shaw, department com
manders and distinguished guests at Me
morial Hall. Jt was largely attended,
thousands of old soldiers coming to greet
the high officials of their organization.
Twent5 r -six different reunions of States
were held. This feature, the holding 01
reunions by -States, had never, been at
tempted before at the national encamp
ment, and this was the first trial of the
experiment. It proved a great success.
The, ladies of the Woman's Relief Corps
and the ladies of the Grand Army of the
Republic also held receptions during the
evening. •
The annual business meeting of the
Grand Army of the Repunllc will be hejd
to-morrow morning in the Studebaker
Theater, commencing at 10 o'clock. It Is
expected by the majority of the delegate!*
appointed to attend the meeting that the
business of the organization will be over
by to-morrow night. At the Fame time
that the members of the Grand Army
convene for thoir meeting all the affiliated
societies will gather for their annual con
ventions.
The sentiment in regard to the place foi
holding the next annual encampment has
apparently crystallized in favor of a far
Western -city, with Denver In the lead for
the honor so far as appearances go. There
Is apparently an almost unanimous desire
on the part of the veterans to hold-the
encampment of 1301 In the Rocky Moun
tains, partly on account of the fact that
that part of the country never enter
tained the old soldiers and partly because
cool weather Is more likely , to prevail
than in an East<#n city. Denver veterans
are active in pushing the claims of thai
city for the honor. ,Salt Lake also has
many friends, and a lively contest Is ex
pected before the matter is finally settled.
Shaw and giving the familiar "Rah. rah
of the University of Wisconsin. It was
somewhat . cracked and feeble, but it
showed the undimmed spirit that made tne
Iron Brigade famous, and it started the
crowd to cheering again. A few moments
later George A. Meade Post No. 1 of Penn
sylvania filed by. Borne aloft by twenty
four silver-haired veterans were as many
battleflags. tattfered and torn by bullets,
and close behind them ten equally ragged
corps flags. They were the first of the
many battleflags carried in .the .parade,
and everywhere the ragged banners were
greeted with cheers. They were .followea
by Philip Schuyler Post with eight battle
flags, Knapp's Battery • of. -Pennsylvania
with three flags and Lyttle.Post l*o. 128
of Allegheny City with three battleflags.
-Vearly every post in the Pennsylvania
section, in fact, proudly marched- behtna
one or more of thesemute reminders. 01
the Southern battlefields, and every stand
ard was saluted and cheered.
Tattered Battleflags.
New York was rich with these emblems.
O'Rourke Post. No. 1 of Rochester, >.. \.,
the veterans allln uniform v und carrying
rifles, held' aloft two 'civil .^yar ; banners.
Captain Post No. 2 of Buffalo, headed by
the old Continental drum and -bugle, corps,
carried twenty-three battk-flags and one
guidon, ail of them in ribbons. The Thir
teenth Jnfantrv of Rochester, the regi
ment that met'with such heavy losses at
Malvern Hill, bore unfurled their flag. It
was ragged and faded almost white, but
it had the names of many hard louglit
battles Inscribed thereon, and the crowds
greeted 't with great cheering. .
One of the most striking features of the
parade was the appearance of the Iowa
veterans, thousands in ; number andnean
ed by the A. O. U. "W. band of Cedar Falls.
Speaker Henderson received an ovation
from them. He was recognized - as . the
veterans from the Hawkeye State reacheri
the stand and the band, stopping in front
of his box. ceased their playing and raised
their voices in a song "From Iowa." The
flag* of the Thirtieth. Indiana Infantry,
under which General Lawton first served
during the civil war, was carried by an
Proudly Bearing Aloft Their Flags, Battle=5carred 9
Tattered and Torn, tihe Defenders of the Re= .
public Make a Fane Display.
GRAY-HAIRED VETS CHEERED
AS THEY PASS IN REVIEW
"BOBS" SAID TO
HAVE SUCCEEDED
LORD WOLSELEY
Report That He Has Been
Made Commander in Chief
of the Army.
Official Dispatches- From South Af
rica Tell of the Success
* . of the British
, Troops.
LONDON. Aug. 29.— The Daily
Mail this morning claims to have
'.he highest authority for the as
sertion that Lord Roberts has al
rca/« succeeded Lord Wolseley as
co:..ir:ander in chief of the British
aro\v. . ¦ _V
LONDON, Aug. 28.— Lord Roberts re
ports, tinder date of August, 27, as fol
lows:
"Our movements are slow on account
of the. nature and extent of the country.
We made satisfactory advance and met
with decided success. The work fell en
tirely to Buller's troops and resulted ifi
the capture, of Bergrendal, a very strong
position two miles northwest of Dalmuu
tha. ;.I met Buller at .Bergendai shortly.
after.it was reached by our troops. I am
glad to find, the occupation cost less than
was feared, on account of the approach
being across an: open glacis for two or
three thousand yards and the determlnea
stand of -the enemy. The Inniskillings
and Second Rifle Brigade formed the at
tacking party. The latter suffered most.
I hope the casualties do not exceed fifty
or sixty. One officer was killed and two
were wounded. A good many Boers were
killed and a pompon was captured.
"French advanced on the left to Swartz
kopjes on the Leydenberg road and rre
pared the way for the movement of Polv •
Carew's division to-morrow.
"Baden-Powell reports that he entered
Nylstroom without opposition. As the
country where he and Paget are operating
Is dense bush and veldt it is not desirable
at present to proceed further north and
his troops are returning to Pretoria."
LOURENZO MARQUES, Aug. 28.—
Heavy fighting is reported to have oc
curred at Machadodorp. The Boers are
said to have been defeated with great
loss, leaving their guns and ammunition
in the hands of the British. . .
LONDON, Aug. 28.— A special dispatch
from Pretoria, dated August 27, says:
"It is stated that fighting with Botha's
commandoes was resumed this morning.
The Boer lines were broken and the
enemy Is falling back. The British cas
ualties are reported to be considerable."
sinnige Zeitung also discuss the subject.
The former asserts that' the consent of
the Reichstag is unconditionally demand
ed by the imperial constitution for new
military formations and it calls upon the
Imperial Chancellor, Prince von Hohen
lohe, to see that nothing Is done against
the constitution. '
The Kreuz Zeitung, discussing the fu
ture political status of China, comes to
the conclusion thata condominium of the
powers will be installed, such as exists
financially in Turkey, Greece and Egypt,
but more far-reaching. It says: "China
must pay war indemnity to the powers.
This will necessitate a loan, guaranteed
by them: and this justifies the powers in
assuming control of the financial admin
istration of China. The powers must re
lieve China of the corrupt mandarin re
gime. Owing to the recognized efficiency
of Germany's administrative system Ger
many should have, the leading role in
China's future administration."
The Frcissinnige Zeitnng asks what has
become of Emperor William's reward of
fered for the rescue cf the legationers,
pointing out that this has been earned by
the international troops and amounts to
about 3,000,000 marks.
The Liberal Correspondenz estimates
the cost of Germany's China expedition by
October 1 at 10O.0O0.00O marks.
SIXTH CAVALRY CASUALTIES.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.— The War De
partment to-day received from Lieutenant
Colonel Wint, commanding the Sixth Cav
alry, the casualty list of the fight outslda
Tientsin. August 19. It is as follows:
"Engagement near Tientsin, China, au
gust 19: Sixth Cavalry— Wounded, Troop
A, Trumpeter Fred Corrigan, heel, sey?re;
Private Hale McCormlck. arm and cnest,
severe: Private Samuel E. Hartsfleld,
hand, slight; Privaie'John H. Van Sickle,
lance, knee and back; Troop C, Trumpeter
Edward E. Lyon, arm. slight; .Troop D,
Private L. I. McAllister, thigh, severe.
All but Corrigan on hospital ship Relief."
CHAFFEE OFFEBS ASSISTANCE.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2?.— The War De
partment yesterday received the follow
ing:
"CHAFFEE."
"TAKU, China (no date).— Adjutant
General, Washington: Have offered as
sistance to Baroness von Ketteler: will
furnish transportation and escort Tien
tsin-In few days; have offered transpor
tation accommodations to Nagasaki also.
Baroness von Ketteler, the widow of the
murdered German Minister to China, 13
an American, being the daughter of Pres
ident Ledyard of the Michigan Central
Railroad, whose home is at Detroit, Mich.
DIVERTED 'TO MANILA.
, WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.— The War De
partment to T day received a dispatch from
Nagasaki announcing that the transport
Meade arrived there on the 25th with a
of | the Fifteenth Infantry,; a
'squadron of the Third.Cavalry and Com
pany E, battalion of. engineers. Orders
have already been Issued sending,, the
Meade with the troops she carries to Ma
nila. S ; '.i>
WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.— The First
United States Cavalry,, which arrived at
Kobe, Japan, to-day, en* route to China,
has been diverted to Manila. ¦¦
KNIGHTS OF
PYTHIAS HOLD
A FINE PARADE
Nine Thousand of the Uni
form Rank Made a
Gala Showing.
Military Division of the Order Be
viewed Before Supreme Clufti
cellor Sample and Major
General Carnahan.
>
DETROIT, Aug. 23.— The military <*Ivl«
sion of the order of Knights of Pythias
made a splendid showing in the biennial
parade this afternoon, and the vast crowfla
that witnessed the pageant gave enthu
siastic approval all along the line o£
march. Nine thousand uniformed and he!
meted Knights and musicians marched IB
rapid and orderly manner over the route
of five miles and were officially reviewed,
first by Supreme Chancellor Sample and
before dismissal by Major General Carna
han, commander of the uniform rank.
The Ohio brigade, with more than 20CO
men in line, was the leader in point ot
numbers. Indiana came rext in size, and
Pennsylvania. Illinois and Michigan were
also leaders. Very few States were whol
ly unrepresented in the line of march. One
British flag was seen In the parade, car
ried by the Canadian contingent above
their Pythian banner, and the Canadians
were not less heartily cheered than tho
American Knights.
All traffic in the downtown streets
through which the parade passed was sus
pended, street cars were stopped ana on
Woodward avenue, where the throrg»
massed most thickly, ropes were stretched
along the sidewalks, leaving the broad
avenue clear. The only drawback was
lack of horses. All the headquarters ami
most of the brigade officers were well
mounted, but a considerable number c
the regimental field officers were on foot,
the local committee having failed to pro
vide horses enough. More than thirty .
bands and drum and bugle corps furnished
music for the paraders.
The parade organized at Camp Plnerr*"?.
Major General Carnahan rode at the head,
mounted on Governor Pingrees splendid
chestnut ridins horse., and followed by
his staff of forty mounted officers. In
diana had the right of the line, and her
five regiments made an imposing appear
ance. Following came the brigades ana
regiments from Illinois. Wisconsin. Vir
ginia. District of Columbia. Georgia.
Minnesota. Connecticut. New Hampshire.
Rhode Island. Michigan. New Brunswick.
New York. Iowa, Pennsylvania. "West
Virginia. Massachusetts. Kentucky. Cali
fornia. Ohio. Missouri and Kansas and the
Canadian battalions. with numerous
smaller bands attached to brigades to
States other than their own.
One of the novel features was a troop
of mounted cavalry from St. Joseph, Mo.,
equipped In regulation cavalry style. An
other was the Wheeling, W. Va., battery
of artillery with guns, caissons and ac
couterments. Lodges of Pythians from
Detroit and adjacent towns brought up
the rear with several displays. Including
floats carrying scenes representing Inci
dents in Pythian lore. A delegation of 100
from Mount Clemens furnished the amus
ing feature. The men were clad In bath
robes and followed a float carrying a
huce bathtub.
Supreme Chancellor Sample reviewed
the parade from a stand erected In front
of the City Hall. \_ " T .
But one session of the Supreme Ix>djr&
¦was held to-day. I-ittle business was
transacted beyond reading of the officers
reports and their reference to commit
tee?. Fifty-five grand chancellors were
' given the Supreme L*>dge degree.
', To-night the officer* and ladles of tr.**
main and auxiliary orders w*ra tendered
an excursion aboard a 'Detroit ferry
steamer. .
Metropolis of California Mas a Population of 342,732,
. Having' Gained. 1 4.64 Per Cent in
g New York....... 2.050,600 |
• Ghicago .............. 1,698,575 %
| ... ... 1,293,697 •
J St. Louis 575,238 •
g Boston.. 560,892 g
g Baltimore 5O8.957 g
g Cleveland 3 8 1,768 §
5 San Francisco 342,782 %
• - - . . e
WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.— The population of the city of San Francisco, ac
cording to. the official count of the returns of the twelfth census, is: 1900.
342,782; 1890,. 298,997. These figures show for the city as a whole an increase
in population of 43,785, or 14.64 per cent, from 1S90 to 1900. The population
of 18S0 was 233,939, showing an increase of 65.03S, or 27.80 per cent, from 1SS0 to 1390.
The population by Assembly districts in 1900 is as follows: Twenty-eighth.
15,731; Twenty-ninth, 15,299; Thirtieth, 15X47; Thirty-first. 15.S71; Thirty-second, 14,
037; Thirty-third, 18,758: Thirty-fourth. 21,841; Thirty-fifth, 17,647; Thirty-sixth. 27,
836; Thirty-seventh, 23,923; Thirty-eighth. 19,977; Thirty-ninth, 19,905; Fortieth. 22.472;
Forty-first. 24,233; Forty-second, 15,472; Forty-third, 23,003; Forty-fourth, 15,631; For
ty-fifth, 12,707. T:-.V . f
The cities of the .United States, so far as the Census Office has yet given out
the figures, show a very healthy and satisfactory rate of increase of population
during the last ten years. The percentage of increase ranges ,from 9.77 for Cin
cinnati to 61.S8 for Toledo. The three cities which have increased the most rapidly
are Toledo, Indianapolis and Chicago. Owing to tho changes in the boundary in
the consolidation of what is now known as Greater New York, the percentage
for that city cannot be accurately stated. For Philadelphia it is 23.57, for Bos
ton 25.67, for St. Louis 27.33, for Baltimore 17.15, for the District of Columbia
20.98, for Cleveland 46.07, for New Orleans 1S.62, for San Francisco 14.64, for
Milwaukee 39.54 and so on.
Nearly all the cities, it is stated at the Census Office, are very well satisfied
with the count, though it is probable that all of them expected a somewhat bet
ter showing than the census has given them. The complaints of an imperfect
census are declared to be few in comparison with the experience of the Census Of
fice in previous years.
SAN FRANCISCO RANKS
EIGHTH CITY IN UNION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,, AUGUST 29, 1900.
BERLIN, Aug. 28.— The Liberal papers
are sharply discussing what they, de
scribe as the. : Vlllegallty of the recent^ re
organization>of the army incidentals to
the China expedition." The > National
Zeltung- points' out that next Thursday's
ceremony of bestowing flags and stand
ards upon twelve 'Asiatic battalions gives
the appearance of ' intended permanency
to these organizations. .- : It also -, shows
that since the passage of the military^law
of- 1874 all^changes, |n /organization r have
been made, by^ legislation,, "which* is- tho
fundamental r principle ; of the ?¦¦ imperial
consiitutlqo.".,The, paper refers .to the [ pe
riod'of-conltfct: in j Prussia' In "the! '603,\ In
which the same = question was ; involved.:
The Berliner Tageblatt and " the Freia-
from Shanghai says the Chinese officials
there have informed the foreign Consuls
that the Emperor. Dowager EJinpress'and
Prince Tuan have arrived in the neighbor
hood of Taiyuan-Fu. Taiyuan-Fu is the
capital ot the province of Stiensl. ad
joining the province of Chili,' and- is *240
miles southwest of Peking. " -¦-» •' ; " " -"K -¦¦•-
INTENDED PERMANENCY ;
OF GERMANS IN CHINA
he promised his protection. He procured
for us a small boat, but it was a» much
as our lives were worth to attempt to
reach It as It was surrounded by fully
$000 Chinese. We reached it,' however, a
mile down the river, the mandarin; keep-,
ing the crowd at bay with his soldiers. '.'
"The eix days' Journey from there to
the coast is beyond description. Twenty
one people were crowded In a boat cap
able P of holding eight, and at every stop
pine place we were surrounded by a mob.
All during that terrible Journey theheat
was -terrific, and we had no protection
from the ewarms of mosquitoes.- Tne^jnan
darin was afrald ; to trust the.ciajority. of
his soldiers, and tent with us as .escort
a* squad of picked men.. In command of
his brother, a nephew and .a cousin. At
one landing place. P«,YiangTwe w»^ur
rounded by a mob of-60uO Chinamenand
barely escaped the terrible torture which
capture meant. We finally reached Shang-
Continued from First Page.
HARROWING TALES IT
RETURNING MISSIONARIES
hai. but in a most deplorable state.
"After our arrival we learned that a
fow days after our start for the coast
nine missionaries were massacred but a
two-days" journey from where we were
first troubled. .
"My wife's? health was not of the best, so
we came to San Krajicisco and will go to
New York, but both of us. with our little
child, born in China, will return to the
mission."
Rev. D. S. Holmes, who was with Mr.
Bausfield 'on his terrible trip, speaks in
the most flattering terms or the friend
ship of the Chinese mandarins.
"They did everything in their power to
aid us in our escape," he said, "even giv
ing us money, of which we were verv
much In need. . Ten of their. most trusted
rcldfers made the . Journey* with, us -.to
•Shanghai. Major Bio, one of the officials
Of our district, said it was not 'necessary
>for us to go to Shanghai, as he «ould'af
ford jus ample protection, but -we chose
to make the trip, as we thought the dan
per would increase and that we would not
again have such an opportunity of escap
ing. Without : their assistance we: would
never have been able to leave the country
alive." So .intent- was the mob. on,- making
us.Its victims- that it even threatened ;Uie
homes of the officials, and would undoubt
edly have kllledall of us.'.' ' '
ARRIVED IN SHENSI PROVINCE.
LONDON. Aug. 28.-A special dispatch
circled at full speed, with the Texas as
lh £ c «Jter. until she was cleaving a wake
which In diameter was not over twice her
length. Fifteen minutes later, the-Ala
r^fl* ~' a ? ,h e a^ e . d , f £ r B^on , lipht. the
red flag of tho trial had been replaced by
the Cramps house flap and a- broom 'had
been sent aloft. The trial was a success
in every particular. For nearly three^lees
of the outward run the boilers made
steam so^fast that the surplus was al
£Zf, t( l Tu orf - At the 8ame tim fi ;the
S?,ffU?H b « th , thC engll J e and Btoker rooms
suffered no inconvenience from lack of
fresh air and the temperatures, were: not
hierh. The maximum revolutions -of " the
f«f u Z e l e W ' £ nd tnis n * ure *™s only
fniMW« alf Th U ti th h e mean he
low this The highest steam pressure- was
ISO pounds, or nine under the limit." The
!Ya*f P *wh r de h' e * 1 £P cr l was supposed, to "be
11.500,. -although this figure, like those for
l"^ n - The Alabama will be; ready for
»hln e^ *° $ e Government in 'six weeks.
\*nen she will go into commission.
2
WAI LPAPFP —Moat you see % r .
HALLrAfCK for a » inB le roll ot eight
yards. Our figure on this basis would be 3c per
roll, but as we prefer to quote double rollj O f
16 yards, to-day's price or until sold Is He per
roll; border and ceiling to match at cut prices.
CHAIR QP4T? —These are generally sold at
Vll.-Un OCA 1 3.15c, sometimes higher. We
have the size most in use in overstock, and
offer It to-day or until soil, at 3*.
SEWING MACHINES u^* h ... B .%V
DRESS PATTERNS-WOOL
We hare decided to slaughter our fine dre*s
Kood». mostly late importations, some from la»t
year's* stork. Just now seasonable ind selling
rapidly. One thousand patterns on sale at the
following cut prices:
Dress lengths, worth $3 23. at ft 4O; dress
lengths. worth J2 0". at #1 43; dress
lengths worth $.1. at )£1 SO; dress lenstha
worth 13 73, at 91 B5; those worth it 50 at
{2 45; worth H. at $1 OO; If worth $5 S at
'£ «{."»; some worth $S to 17. at Kl 2.". *3 .~<»
and S.'J 7.V AH our black gone!.* at cut price*
Including a very fine variety of serviceable fab^
rics.
SHOPWORN GOODS.
Kitchen tables, $1. Oil heating stoves. 13
*3 50. $4. Chairs, common. *V. 50c 75c: extr»
dining-room hl>?h-back. Jl_ Spool cotton desks
4 drawer. »2: 6 drawer, |2 50. Show cases tt!
$4 50, n 50. J9. ,
A complete clear-out of all furniture and
store fixtures formerly used on fifth and sixth
floors. -
Bargains on every floor Just now. See our
2c. 3c. 5c, 10c bargain tables.
Goods delivered free across the bay.*
No goods exchanged during this aalo.
Our foreign and far away business will go on
as usual.
¦ The 20- page piica list, the "Home Circle."
sent free as heretofore. Address "SKUVftBHR
25-27 MarKet St., San Francisco.
C/ISH STORE^
Our friends will be glad to krow that this
old reliable house Is now running full blast un-
der the management of the SMITHS.'
On many things, more on some and a large per cent even on staples oa
first floor. We commence to-day to close out every article on second and
third floors and many on first to raise $10,000 to free ourselves from
the trust committee and re-establish our business on the American
plan. We ask the patronage and confidence of every individual on ths
coast who likes the plan of giving a dollar's worth for a dollar. Bead
what we say about prices.
f AMR1NATMN SI'IT^ ~ Everything for la-
VUillDlflAllun OUlJ <j|es or children, all
slzrs, from the baby of 3 to big ladlrs. Ttll
gone 37 l-2e
filBFS' PINT? — Anything In this line.
UIHL3 TAK1O white or colored. from
smallest to largest, for girls; real value from
50c up; closing these to everybody.... 2."»c
MARYSVILLE FLANNEL -£rtt£. °or
this hich grade flannel, bought at - the tlm«
the business was closed up, after the fire, at a
little more than half price. The 73c grade will
be closed. out. Colors left to-day. August 2f.
navy, scarlet, sheeps-sray, army blue, cadet
blue 37 1-Sc
WnUyUCl 5E1J 8-ball: Bomethlns
you could knock about safely. To-day's price
and until sold #1 55
WINTPD VECT5 —These are all dark or
TT III 1 Cn 'CJlJ medium colors. grays,
mixed variety; sizes 34 to 37; worth $2 any-
where, but at this rale we name... 75c
FI AVVFf SHIRT ; —Either shirts or draw-
rLrAlliAL.L Jill A 1 i era for men's wear, doz-
ens of. -these and in a variety of colors. You
would call them cheap at $1 50; just beginning
to bo seasonable. A ftw are a little shop-
worn, but Kenerally are in perfectly (rood or-
der. - Either shirts or drawers, each gar-
ment •¦¦">«
EIID TAlTC —Sometimes called parkas.
fUIl WUA 1 J Their regular selling price dur-
ing ' the - Klondike and later during the Nome
excitement was $5; there are not more than one
dozen : left." Closing price for what are In
hand :.............. ......:. ..?3 Ol>
. The pants to match them go for $1.
Verard's Homeopathic Cocoa, not 23c.. 12 l-2c
Best Pie 13c Squash, large tins 7 l-2c
Minced Steak, extra fine, not 25c 15c
Mock -Turtle Soup, not 23c.. 1O«
K C Eastern Baking Powder, 5 lbs 75c 1
Sliced Bacon, finest pack 20c
Chicken Soup, small, has no equal 7 l-2c
Franco-American Soup, variety, now lOo
Clam Bouillon has no equal 2r>c
Frankfurters, imported, in tin?, 63c size...1Sc
Boneless Sardines, 30c Size, closing........ 20c
20c Soused Mackerel, at this sale lOc
Ant Exterminator, two-bit size, now tOo j
Bixby's Shoe Blacking, 10c Mze.. ....J»c.
Holt's 25c Leather Compound 5c |
Gate Hooks and Staples, 10c kind 3c
FIRST FLOOR CUTS.feat to-day when the five members of tho
conference committee were appointed. A!l
cf these are opposed to the Governor. Tho
Populists' committee of five is also anti-
Rogers, while the Silver Republicans aro
friendly to the Governor. The committee
stands ten to five against Governor
Rogers. —
So far the only thins decided by the
conference Is that all elected delegates
to the three conventions shall be entitled
to seats In the union convention, each
delegate being given one full vote. Tho
Democrats and Populisis on the commit*
tee agreed that a two-thirds vote in th«
union convention shoiiLl be necessary for
a nomination: against this the Silver Re
publicans protested, as it is confceUed that
Governor Rogers has no such strength.-
On the other hand the Populists and Sli
ver Republicans a.srreed that the ticket ?«
be named should be olSclally recosrntzed
as the People's party ticket. The Demo
cratic conferees also agreed to this, but
on reporting back to their convention the
action was repudiated and the conferee*
instructed to insist '»n the Democratic
name as first precedent to any action
looking toward a union convention.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 23.— The three
conventions now assembled in this city
for ths purpose of putting In nomination
a union ticket to oppose the Republicans
In the coming elections transacted little
more than routine business to-day. The
scene of activity has been transferred
from the larger bodies to the committee
of fifteen chosen five from- each conven
tion, which after two protracted sessions
to-day and several conferences to-night
has not reached any agreement satisfac
tory to the conventions.
In the Democratic convention the forces
of Governor Rogers sustained another de-
Nothing Is Certain but That
Rogers Is Practically
Defeated.
FUSIOIISTS IN
WASHINGTON AT
LOGGERHEADS
TUCSON'. Ariz., Aug. 28.— The bitter
feeling of the people of Sonora, Mexico,
who have opposed the constant occupanoy
of public office by one set of men, broke
out Sunday when municipal elections were
held in that St&te. At Hermosillo the
fight was extremely bitter. Two hun
drfd men were placed in jail for vigorous
opposition to the Governor and his candi
date for President. Among them was
Jesus Santa Cruz, leader of the opposi
tion, or the Peole, as the faction la called
there. The editor of the Herald at Her
mosillo is also behind the bars, and the
only man who has escaped is Dloniclo
Ganzales, candidate for President of the
people, who made a hard fight for victory.
The result of the election Is not known
yet, but it is safe to predict that Vicente
Kscalante, father-in-law of Ramon Cor
ral, Governor of Sonora, Is elected.
Squelched at Hsrmosillo.
Sooclal Dispatch to The Call.
How Opposition at Elections Is
THE MEXICAN WAY.
an employe of Seropian Brothers, the
packers, died from injuries received in an
elevator accident this evening. He jumpeo
on the elevator after it had started up
with two or three lady fruit packers as
passengers, and then stuck his head out
to bow to the> girl working on the floor.
His head was caught between the elevator
and the ceiling.
"SAN DIEGO, Aug. 2S.— The Republican
County Convention held at Coronado this
morning: indorsed J. C. Needham for Con
gressman,-nominated Eugene Daney for
Superior , Judge, F. W. Barnie of San
Diego for Assemblyman "in the Seventy
ninth District and C. H. Stuart of Nestor
for Assemblyman ln the Eightieth Dis
trict. For Supervisor ln the First District
C. H. Swallow was renominated; for the
Second District H. M. Cherry was re
nominated and ln the Third District
George Hosliins was nominated. ¦ .,
Postmaster commissioned— Charles Ellis,
Descanso. California, Appointed: Califor
nia—A. A. Hughes, Pleasant Valley, Kl
Dorado County, vice S. A. Long, resigned.
Washington— E. D. Morrison. Daisy,
Stevens County, vice Emeline Yeuter. re
signed; Alice Sullivan, Spangle, Spokane
County, vice 8. F. Parker, removed.
The following pensions were Issued to
day: California— Original— George Step
per, Los Angeles, $8; Joseph Boob, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, 16; Robert A.
Allen. Ixjs Angeles, $12; "William Clark.
Santa Ana, $6; John Chamberlln, Eureka,
J6. Increase— John Jligglns, San Fran
cisco, $17. Reissued— Stuart H. Butt. Los
Angeles. $13. Original widows— Mrs. Sarah
E. Parker. Penryn, $S; Harriet L. Powell
Inglewood, $8.
Washington— Original— Frederick Gasch,
Seattle, $6.
The following patents were Issued to-day:
California— John II. Batcher, assignor to
Schaw. Ingram ..latcher & Co., Sacramen
to, hydraulic plate closing and riveting de
vice; Charles Dodge. Davisville, baling
prfss: Stanton -Foreman, assignor Schaw,
Ingram, Batcher & Co.. Sacramento, hy
draulic riveting apparatus.
Oregon— Ross II. Pratt, Portland, gauge
feeding Jobber.
San Diegx> Republican Convention.
"W'ASHIXGTOX, Aug. 2S.— The following
postal changes have been made: Post
offices established— Oregon— Bruce, Benton
County. Luclnda Norwood, Postmaster.
Discontinued, September 15 — California —
Serena, Santa Barbara County, mall to
Summerland.
Postal Changes, Postmasters Com-
missioned, Pensions Granted.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
"Placerville Fair Opens.
¦ PIxACERVILLE, Aug. 2S.-The twenty
sixth annual fair of the Eighth District
Agricultural^^Association opened this even
ing. There was a large attendance at the
pavilion. Sigwart's Opera-house, situated
in the center of the. city-is being used as
a pavilion and is crowded with- magnifi
cent ' exhibits from the .orchards, farms
and - mines of the county. Never ¦ ln the
history of, the association has there been
a finer horticultural display. The fair will
continue until the evening of Saturday
September 1. '..-'¦
Politeness Proves Fatal:
Special Dispatch to The' CalL y *
-' FRESNO, r Ausv 28.'— Edward Harrison
Finding of the Remains of a Suicide
Near Alum Bock Causes a
Sensation at San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 2S.— Considerable ex
citement was aroused here this afternoon
by the report that the remains of James
C. Dunham, who killed the McGllncy
family at Campbell ln 189(5, had been found
on the Grant ranch, in the hills eight
miles back of Alum Rock. The skeleton
was found by Frank iiiguera.'a cowboy.
He took Chris Rolling into his confidence,
and the latter came to town and reported
the matter. Before making it public,
however. Rolling consulted Attorney- S. G
Tompkins about securing a tirm hold on
tho $10,000 reward that the citizene'of this
county promised to raise for the capture
of Dunham, dead or alive. » .
Rolling, his attorney and a ¥ Deputy
Coroner made a trip to the scene, when
a thorough investigation of the remains
revealed the facj that the bones were
not those of Dunham. The case was evi
dently one of suicide, and the man had
been dead nearly a year. Beside the bodv
lay a Smith & Wessort revolver of 38
caliber. Twenty paces away was the
head, with a bullet hole in the forehead.
The .remains were dressed in a brown
suit of clothes. The man had evidently
been middle-aged. In the pockets were
found CO cents. A 10-cent piece bore the
date of 1S97, the year, after Dunham dis
appeared, and this is conclusive' proof
that the remains, were not those of the
Campbell murderer. The bones were
brought to San Jose, and the inquest will
be held to-morrow.
THOUGHT THE BONES
WERE THOSE OF DUNHAM
Thf youngsters were ln a most pitiable
condition when found, after having spent
the night roving on a lonely road with no
garment to cover their nakedness save a
linen nightgown and a pair of shoes. The
children are being cared for and the mat
ter Is to be Investigated.
They retired early with the balance of
the Inmates, but were awake. They did
not dare retain any of their daily wearing
Hpparel for fear of being caught. After all
v.as still they crept out of bed and by a
circuitous route through the building
gainev. the grounds. The children were in
their nightrobes and carried their shoes
In their hands. Barefooted, they scaled
tae schoolyard fence. At this point, they
claim, they put on their shoes. The Cas
tro girl, knowing the road, took her S
year-old companion's hand, and together
they passed through Watsonville by back
streets and struck off In the direction of
Castroville. The children's idea was to
reach home before dawn, but daylight
overtook them at Castroville. where they
were, of course, seen and detained. The
deputy sheriff, being in the neighborhood,
was apprised of the girls' condition, took
them into custody and brought them to
this city.
The Ilutchinson eirl lives with her par
ents In this city, while the Castro child
is a resident of Santa Rita, a small town
north of this city. Both the children's
parents at the beginning of the school
term sent them to the parochial school in
Watsonville. The two lassies, however,
were not domiciled long under the convent
roof. The children say that they w»-re ill
used and punished severely nnd that on
Monday they determined to escape. Plans
were laid accordingly.
SALINAS. Aug. 28.— Hazel Ilutchinson
and Minnie Castro, two little girls 8 and 10
years old respectively, ran away from the
convent In Watsonville in the dead of
night, clad only ln their nightgowns and
shoes and walked to Castroville, a dis
tance of twenty-one miles, and were there
found to-day by Deputy Sheriff "Wallace
in a pitiable condition. They were brought
to this city this evening.
Special DJe^atch to The Call.
Daylight Reveals Their Plight and
They Are Taken in Charge. .
Claim They Were Mis
treated at School.
Tots Travel on Foot Dy
Night From Watsonville
• to Castroville.
IN NIGHTGOWNS
TW 0 WEE GIRLS
FLEE A CONVENT
Eeception to the Visitors.
This evening: the visftors were tendere-i
a reception at the Hotel St. James by the
Jocal f-ducators. J'roff-snor M. E. Dalley
of the State Normal School Is chairman.
Hon. J. II. Pattern Slivered -an address
of we.rome >n Lehalf o f the citv and Pro
{-Mor J C. liranmr <.f Stanford spoke on
of the teachers. Superintendent
-W i I 1 ' rt)S e T. of San Francisco respond-
V, for the visitors. The Xordica Quartet
• tndorod a selection. M ig8 Horiense Ham
mond a vocal boo. llrs. Mary Weaver
McCauley a whistling solo. Professor
Douiiiet an instrumental SO 1 O and aselec-
C. \V. Mark, i .~j,Wit IV>ard of Kducatlon,
Pan Francisco; st. m. Fhackleford, Pa*o
Rottfes: C. \V. «.'hi j,, <;. \\\ iJeatty. II. S. Hol
way. H. II. Bland ProfeBwr Ki P. Cubberly,
W. II. Hoesch. c,-. T g t , s. Wills, Professor M.
E. l)u.iU-y. t*. It. Wi.son, W. D. KtagBbury and
A. K. Shumate.
Tho convention first took up the discus
sion of the amendments to the present
School law.
Tli" sections relating to the powers of
tho county ; :n d city superintendents were
taken tij> ot.e by one and amendments
¦rere offered by the delegates. No con
clusions wfr<- reached, the amendments
bc-inp left In tentative form and to be
settled to-day.
The follow!) -r W ere chosen honorary
rccmbers of th. contention:
K- hoped the er.tlre time would be given up
to a -Uscusfion of the State school law. It was
of lr- portanc*-. The schools had reached a
T-erJo; of «rrowth in the State where some modl
rtraTlfiia of the school law are necessary- In
tlx >•: rs there had been practically no lejrlsla
tim for the school*, the laxt'two Legislatures
hasfac been complete failures for the cause of
I'Utillo education. The legislators claim the
fa^lt !>., with the .educational forces. It Is a
»•»¦- rpfi'-tion moreover, upon the nchool bu
p^rinten '. . n tB ' of the State that their recom
irir-jy'flti' ,!.n are passM unheeded. The school
lau- shoul-: he flrrt taken up. then th» certifica
tion of t'ich«-r!<? constitutional amendments.
Improvement of school text books, compulsorr
school attt>-;^ance and other matters.
State Superintendent T. J. Kirk called
the convention to order at 10 o'clock.
About seventy-five superintondents and
Teachers were present. ¦ Mrs. S. K. Peart
. f Yolo Countv was made secretary and
E. M. Atkinson, a deputy of Mr. Kirk's,
;. <-i«tant secretary.
Superintendent Kirk delivered the
<^: • ninj? address. A brief synopsis is as
follows;
Opening 1 of the Convention.
J»haJln, Contra Coeta; JohnX. McVay. Del
Xorte; T. E. MrrC3rty. Kl rtorado; Geonre S.
ITIIIWHT Fresno; James B. Crown, Humboldt;
\V. C Doub. Kern: J. \V. Graham, Kings;
Charles \Y. Haycock, Lake; J. H. t-trine. I^os
Anp»-les: Estella Bagrr.elle. Madera; Robert
F"urlon?. ilartn; Julia L. Jones Maripcsa; J.
K. Barbee. M«-ndoclno; O. W. Grove. Merced;
Araa L. William*. Modoc: Cornelia. Richards.
Monc: Mrs. J. K. «"l:ope. Monterey; J. A. Imrie.
Napa; W. J. Hn£er*, Nevada; J. P. Gr«eley.
Oranpe; P. \\\ Smith. Plaoer; M. P. Donnelley.
I'Sumas; Edward Hyatt. Ktv*-r<de; B. F. How
ard. Sacram*-cu>; J. IL Garner, San Bonlto;
I^ulu C, Kahr, San Bernardino; Reginald H.
Webster, fan Francisco; E. B. Wright. San
Joaquln; Mrs. A- S. Woods. San I-uls Oblspo;
r:tia. M. Hilton. San M&teo; W. <fi. Edwards.
Fanta Barbara; L.. J. Chlpmsn. Santa Clara;
J. W. Llnfcott, Santa Cruz; Marraret L I'oore,
,^h85ta; JcMe n.r.an*. Sierra; Effle Persons.
M.'kiyou; V. 11. White. Solano; Minnie Coulter.
fjinoaii: J. A. Wagener, Stanislaus; C. G.
Kline, Slitter. Mollle Owens. Tehama; Lizzie
n. Fox. Trinity; S. A. Crook.«hanks, Tulare;
George !.«. Satkett. Ventura; Mrs. S. E. Peart,
Tolo; James A. Fcott, Yuba.
The cities represented by superintend
ents are:
A. C liarkrr. Eureka: J. A. Ban-, Stockton;
T. P. Davidson, San Diego; O. W. Erie wine,
Farramer.to: Deputy CL L. Ennis. I»e Anse-
J^s- C. C. Hill. Kalinns; C. C. Hufhw, A!a
:.-,..'.a; F. H. H}"att, I'oroona; J. \\\ MoCly
rnorids. Oakland; C. L. Mcl^alne, Fresno; F. P.
Ku!»s<>il, Kan Jose; C. J. Walker, Tulare- S. U.
VTAtermiA, Berkeley; A. Wilson, Panta^ Bar
bara.
T. O. Crawf-rd, AlnmecJa; G«»orge A. Gordon.
Amador; H. II. Dunn, Uutte; John Waters.
Pa!avenis: Liliie l^auijenour, Colusa: A. M.
The following County Superintendents
cf Schools are present:
Educators in Attendance.
SAN' JOSE, Aug. £S.— The City and
County School Superintendents of Caii
forr.ia met in biennial convention at the
Bia Jose High School Hull this morning
and for the next two days school law and
matters pertaining to the culture of the
young will be dissected and discussed.
£i>eeial DlEi>atch to The Call.
the State Are in Attendance
at the Session at
San Jose.
Pedagogues From Every County in
So tne Superintendents in
Convention Propose
New Measures.
SCHOOL LAWS
AI OBSOLETE,
SAY TEACHERS
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 2S.— The Grand
Council of the Catholic Ladles' Aid Soci
ety began Us convention this morning at
the Hotel de! Mar.
This morning the spacious parlors of the
hotel were transformed into a chapel. At
the south end of the room an altar had
eeen erected. Jt was beautifully decor
ated with the choicest of flowers, ferns
and smilax.
A high mass was celebrated by Father
O'Reilley, assistant priest of the local
parish. The»muslc was especially good,
being by a choir selected from among the
delegates present at the Grand Council.
The Grand Council convened this after
noon at 1 o'clock, at which time Father
McNamce delivered the opening address.
He said ln part:
Worthy President and lady delegates: I am
glad to have the "honor, as well as the very
great treasure, of greeting once more ln our
bc-loved Del Mar the representatives of your
most praiseworthy organization — the repre
sentatives of a society highly deserving all the
support and encouragement, moral and mate
rial, that can be given it. While every lover
of charltr. every friend of the poor and dis
tressed to whom your society is known, is
di-eply Interested ln your welfare and proud of
your charitable efforts, we of Santa Cruz are
more interested still ln your prosperity for the
reason that you have established your home
among us and have thus brought our fair city,
already remarkable for health and beauty,
and for many other special favors conferred
upon it "by nature. Into still greater promin
ence.
Of course, we are all aware of the absence
i and regret it. of one who for many years has
1 been your Grand President and has always
shown herwlf worthy of th« honored position
ln which you placed her. We feel and regret
the absence of Mrs. Margaret Deane, but we
have her chair filled at least pro tern, by one
who ln my humble opinion is Inferior ln no
sense, but Is already well known. Miss Mar
cella Fitzgerald, who brings to her position
intelligence, culture and talent.
After Father McNamee's address Miss
Marcflla Fitzgerald responded In an ap
propriate manner.
The Grand Council then organized as
follows:
Mies Marcella Fitzgerald of Gilroy, as grand
president; Mrs. M. F. Dorsey of San Francisco,
grand senior vice; Mrs. Julia Weber of Stock
ton, grand Junior vice: Miss Maria Flynn/if
Oakland, grand marshal; Miss Jennie Mitchell,
grand guard.
The following committees were then ap
pointed:
Committee on credentials— Mrs. Samuel Mc-
Failden, San Francisco No. 10; Misa Minnie
Kpellman San Francisco No. 11; Mrs. A. 11.
Ward, Gilroy No. 6; president, Miss Lizzie j
Horn, San Francisco.
Grand reports— Mrs. J. Weber, Stockton; Miss
Emma Russell, San Francisco; Mrs. A. B.
Ward. Gilroy; MIbs May Hudner, Hollister;
Mlas Mary Carr, Holllster.
The reports of the grand president and
grand secretary were read by the grand
secretary, Miss Margaret Curtis.
The prize offered to the branch that
gained the most members during the year
was awarded Alameda No. 13, which
gained thirty-six active members. San
Francisco No.' 19 gained thirty and San
Francisco No. 25 twenty-six members.
The reports showed that during the year
Mrs. Deane gave six readings for the ben
efit of Del Mar in San Francisco. A new
clothes guild was organized on February
1 ln San Francisco, with Mrs. M. H. Smith
as president. Relief , during the year in
cash amounted to {2032 51, provisions
J2S27 23, medicine $85 90. fuel $198 25, new
clothing $115 98; total $5862 87.,
Other items of interest are*
Membership — Active, 554: contributing, 241;
honorary, 209; total. 990. ¦ • Initiated, 136.
Visits to the needy were 1904, to the sick 2719.
Physicians' visits were 200.
Children found homes, 45.
Aged persons found homes, 28. '
Individuals assisted, 1172; families assisted,
lCC^; persons and families assisted, • 2105.
Found employment for 269 > persons.
Pieces of old clothes distributed, 1 7510; books
and magazines distributed. 3627.
Visits to hospitals, 561; to almshouses. ; 122.
This charity Is bestowed by seven branches In
San Francisco and Oakland, Gilroy, Stockton,
Santa Cruz, San Luis Oblspo, South San Fran
cisco, Hollister, Santa Rosa, Petaluma. San
Hafael, Lompoc.
Greetings were read from Father Foley
of Alameda, Sajita Cruz Branch No. 13,
San Rafael Branch : and congratulations
from the grand president of the Young
I^adies' Institute.
Mrs. Deane haw been grand president for
ten years; but is now absent in Europe.
Special DlsDatch to The Call.
Father McNamee Welcomes the Dele
gates — Reports of the Grand Of
ficers Show the Good Work
of a Year.
High Mass at Hotel Del Mar
Precedes Opening of
the Convention.
GRAND COICIL
C. L.A.S. MEETS
AT SANTA CRU
Mrs. Broadwell had resided here twenty
years and was 70 years of age. She has
two daughters residing here— Mrs. II. B.
Pllkinton and Mrs. F\ J. Hoffmann.
The last seen of Mrs. Broadwell alive
was the evening before, when she was at
the home of her daughter, Mrs. Frank
Hoffmann, but her non-appearance did
not cause any alarm-, as she often was
away visiting friends and spent the night
She has frierids that reside near the
beach where she was found. Along the
coast ! here the sea Is treacherous, and
several persons have been washed off the
rocks and carried out to sea near by be
fore.
Early this morning a visitor, Mr. Van
derhoof, with _ two young ladies, was
strolling alonp the Cliff drive. They were
above tne cove between Vue de l'Eau and
the beach beyond the Free Museum when
they saw the body ¦ of an aged woman
lying at the edge of the breaKers on the
beach. Vanderhoof went to the home of
Rev. R: L. Mcllatton, near by, and tele
phoned to town. Coroner . Morgan and
.Deputy Sheriff Alzlna went to the beach.
The body was brought further ashore.
There was a contusion above the eye and
on the llpi and from the appearance of
the body, it had only been In the water a
short time. The clothing and pockets
were heavy with sand, caused bv being
rolled to and fro on the beach. The body
was brought to town and later was identi
fied by Mrs. Currier.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 28.— At three-score
and ten Mrs. E. A. Broadwell met her
death in the sea. The aged woman's life
less body was found o» the edge of th9
breakers on the sands under the cliffs
near the Free Museum at 7 o'clock this
morning. Why she went to the beach and
how sho came to drown will never be
known, but the Coroner's jury gave its
verdict of "accidental drowning."
Sreclal Dispatch to The Call.
Visitors at the Seaside Find Her
Body on the Sands and the
Coroner's Verdict Is Ac-
Mysteriousvls the Ending of
Mrs. Broadwell's Life
at Santa Cruz.
AGED WOMAN
MEEK DEATH IN
THE BREAKERS
SEATTLE, Aug. 2S.— The steamship Tacoma,
which went achore on Al-Kl Point in a dense
tog. was pulled oft at htph tide to-nl^ht by the
tug Rlchanl Hclyoke. To all appearances Bhe
Is uninjured.
At the time of the trouble Ethel Green
end Alice Mansable were In the packing
house and came near being added to the
list of victims. In the rush Miss Green
¦was knocked down. The two girls made
a depperate fight to get through the mob
ar.d at last succeeded in escaping. The
Japanese were striking at everything in
right in their efforts to slay their fellow
Joes end under the circumstances the
A dispute arose over the way the Japan
ese were packing the fruit and after some
quarreling the Japanese sent out word for
their clan. They flocked into the packing
house and commenced a murderous as
sault en the five Chinamen. With hay
hooks, bricks, boards and clubs they fell
upon their victims and were trying to
beat them to death when Cyrus Wesley
and John Focbeille rushed to the rescue
and with an assortment of swings, hooks
and uppercuts drove the enraged mob
from their victims and into an empty
barn, where they held them with rifles un
til the arrival c't the officers.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 28.— A fierce bat
tle between a number of Japanese and
five Chinamen at the Novato Land Com
pany's property late this afternoon re
rnlted in the severe wounding of four
Chinamen and the fatal wounding of an
other. Eighteen Japanese were taken
Into custody by Sheriff Taylor and placed
in jail.
The place where the trouble occurred is
known as the De Long ranch, of which R.
D. Hatch Is superintendent. It is situated
r:eax the town of Novato. The men were
employed about the orchards and pack
ing-houses. The battle took place ln the
main packing-house, where five Chinamen
wore engaged ln nailing up boxes of apples
that were being packed by the Japanese.
GAZELLE. Aug. C8.— Eight Japanese
having been recently' employed by the
Southern Pacific Company to take the
place of white men on the Edgewood sec
tion, considerable feelinp was aroused.,
Last night after dark about fifty men con
gregated, and taking the law into their
own hands demanded that the Japanese
leave. Seeing that resistance would by
useless the latter obeyed and no violence
was shown. The men helped the brown
men pack their effects and made them
leave on the north bound train at 10 p. m..
Insisting that they should not stop this
side of Hornbrook.
White Men Force Southern Pacific's
Brown Employes to I*;ave
Bdg«wood.
DRIVE OUT JAPANESE.
The injured men were attended by Dr.
Kuzer of Novato. The Japanese, eighteen
in number, were taken to Novato by
Constable Louis Devoto and were after
ward placed In Jail here. ,
Ah Bee, a few cuts,
escape of the young ladies from serious
Injury Is regarded as marvelous.
The packing-house looked like a slaugh
ter-house, blood stood ln pools about the
floor and tho boxes and walls were spat
tered with the red blood of China.
The injured Chinamen are:
Chung Fong, fatally.
Ah Sam, serious scalp wounds and in
ternal injuries.
Ah Chung, fracture of the skull.
George, the cook, fractured skull and In
ternal injuries.
JOHN ORTEGA. WHO IS IN
THE SAN JOSE JAIL. ACCUSED
AS THE ASSAILANT OF GRACE
GAMBLE. AX ELEVEN-YEAR
OLD GIRL OP THE GARDEN
CITY.
(Photo by Bushncll.)
bowed head, weary and sore at heart, for
Ortega's crime had wrecked his home.
Chief Kidward told Mr. Gamble the evi
dence was sufficient to warrant Ortega'a
arrest. Accompanied by Chief Kidwaid
Uamble then went before Justice O'Neal
and charged Ortega with tho crime. Or
tega was arreste<i by Deputy Sheriff
Rives, taken intu court and his examina
tion set for Friday at 10 a. m., with bail
fixed at $20,000. The prisoner was then
rushed off to the County Jail.
Ortega is about twenty-five yrars of
age. He Is a hoodlum of the worst typo
and the last few years has developed lnti>
a prizefighter. He was graduated from
th<» Whlttier Reform School.
Rumors were current around town this
afternoon that an attempt would be made
to lynch Ortega. The source of the threat
and leadership could not be traced, but
Sheriff Langford decided not to take any
chances. At 5:35 Deputy Sheriff Rives
took Ortega to Redwood City jail, where
he will be kent for several dava.
ACCUSES PUGILIST
ORTEGA OF CRIME
Grace Gamble Is
Sure He Is Her
Assailant.
Identifies Him Both
by Voice and Fea
tures.
— »
HIS DENIAL OF GUILT
The San Jose Prisoner
Claims He Can Prove
an Alibi.
Social Dlsratch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 2S.— "Jack" Ortega,
the pugilist, has been Identified by
little Grace Gamble as her assailant
on Sunday night and he is now in
the County Jail with a charge of
felony against him.
'. The identification of Ortega is believed
to be complete. Ho had been suspected
of being the brutal assailant and this
mornins he was taken to the City Jail
to see if the little £irl could identify him.
Ortega, with some half-dozen other?, was
In an adjoining room and each of the mea
were Instructed to call out, "Is that you
Laura?" This was the manner in which
Ortega called to the girl Sunday night.
The suspect was next to the fast anJ
when the girl heard his voice she at once
said he was the man who had attacked
her. Later she picked him out from a
group of several men. The man ln the
buggy wore a white rope in the lapel of
hia coat when he invited the girl to rtd*»
with him and Ortega when seen at 11
o'clock that night wore such a flower ia
his buttonhole.
Ortega denies his guilt and says he can
account' for his movements on that nighl
The girl's father. J. H. Gamble, was
present at the Identification and sat with.
Terrific Onslaught on the Chinese
Fruit=Packers on a* Ranch
Near Novato.
Brown Men Attack the Yellow Foe With
Hay-Hooks and Clubs and the Blobd
of China Flows Freely.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
JAPANESE VICTORS
IN FIERCE BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1900.
THE WAY HE LOOKS TO U. S.
UNCLE SAM : What a funny little fellow. -salt Lake Tribune.
MODESTO, Aug. '2S.— The Stanislaus
Democratic County convention to-day
nominated Horace B. A'.len. E. I*. R.irkis.
Dr. C. W. Evans, J. D. McPlke. Alfred
Davis and J. N. Stulu- delegates to the
Democratic State convention.
L. J. Maddux of Modesto was Indorsed
for Congress for the Seventh District.
For Supervisors M. A. Lewis, J. W\
Davlson. W. \V. Collea and A. E. Clary
were nominated.
Stanislaus Democratic Convention.
3
H Half prices tillM
Si the sale elosesil
l^'l We are thinking of closing our Remodeling Sale on Septembe S'-SS
raSv|| 8th. During the Native Sons' celebration we are going to have a§§?rvjj|
E } '*'"' : il § ranc * opening— will want the people— the ladies in particular — toH'^-SJ
B^'-'il ca^ an^ see our new J uven^ e department, which occupies one^'S^-B
B;';':ja or - A new fall stock will be in to await their inspection. P'**---'8
B££B nt^ e sa ' e enc * s we W *N e interested in selling you some|ji!;!|
g'oH good business suits and other apparel, for men and boys, at h a if glfe If
|p£|l Ready=flade Suits Hats Il£|l
H'. r -"'.''p!a Suits of all-wool cheviot in desirable Derby?, fedoras anJ graecos in the *M ':'':jSa
fcli"'' : '"'nii patterns, gcoJ, long-wearing material fall shapes and colors; hats that you«.* : »"^
B'.Vf^ of rather rough finish; price previous have paid $2.00 for many a time — °U"r jif".;-:ii
§|Y-::' j Fancy cheviots of better material W''.' *!
8a'-V ; "wl than the above in a number of pleasing w";*- j * * «§r" > --*"Ei
W'T : % ¦ patterns— actually worth $15.00; until Gol f, C ?P 5 ' ™ de from remnants from|f; ; |
. B"*.tf.B they are gone ' our tailoring department; cloth would H:r. f H
10*' '•**'• *1 '" - > '" <Pfl A^ otherwise be a waste — we charge.you
H.-j;:|j riade-to=Order Suits 15c each? 2 for 25c p- : :*"a
|s.'/'-k| Previous to this sale we were making flj'V?*'rci
ra.;':ij."a a special of some $13.50 and $15.00 cu* * «'''''"''rai
ili';t' : 'l| suits, but for the sake 01 a good value Shifts • fc| ;'*;;|f|
H^U We arC makins them now for Garner's percale shirts — very latest S '.^ii
Brv'^ia ' $10.00 designs, in colors for the fall; shirts E .'-vga
ra'^al — ! have J ust come m and are we " worth {$ /•"'••PI
P^-i Youths' 5uits $1.00 !$H
nr'**'!! They are good suits, but we have had f .. . m . , . . . , , S^'"'-'ES
ib.v! them in thi store since spring; the Go! shrts, made of good fast-colored Q;,:;.^
1^:1 prices were $7.50, $8.00 and S9.00; mate , rlaI ' ln , slzes t0 flt the ma J ont y °J llv.B
iv:-.fl to get them out of the road for the fall P?°P»e; the former prices were 50c and |,-|
M;::m stock we hav * ™t them all to '5 C ' but are now reduced B #HLONDON*. Aug. 2S.— The Viceroy of India.
Lord Curzon cf Ke<Ml«-«on. K-lesraphs that
good rain continues to fall, but that cholera »ttil
prevails In many districts of that country.
Ship P. N. Blanchard Sails.
LONDON. Aug. 2S.— Repairs to the
American ship P. N. Blanehard at Stan
ley, Falkland Islands, are completed and
the vessel continued on her voyage to San
Francisco, sailiqg on the 13th inst.
INDIANAPOLIS. Aujr. 2S.-First game: In
dianapolis 1. Minneapolis 4. Second game: In
dianar-olls 7, Minneapolis 2.
DETROIT. Auer. 28.— Milwaukee 6, Detroit 2.
American League Games.
BUFFALO. Aug. 28.— Buffalo 0, Kansas
City 8. ¦ . , - > .
fI,EVEI4XD, Autr. t*.~ First *amoH CIot*
lan<l 4. Chicago 3. Second game: Cleveland 0,
Chicago 8.
Batteries— Dinren and Sullivan; Hawley and
Grady. Umpire— Swartwood.
BOSTON". Auk. 2S.— A double play by Hick
man and Van Haltren's base running wore the
features of the game to-day. Attendance 1300.
Score:
Clubs— . . R. H. E.
Boston 4 7 o
New York 5 8 2
Batteries— Grifflth and Dexter; Young and
Crter. Umpire— Emslie.
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Chicago 2 7—3
St. J-oufs 3 9 1
CHICAGO. Aug. 2S.— McCarthy slipped and
fell flat In going after a fly in the fourth,
turnins: an easy out into a three-bagger. Er
rors and two batsmen hit gave St. Louis two
more runs. The vlstiors' only error, Young's
lone gift and two singles gave Chicago two
In the ninth. Attendance 4)00. Score:
NEW YORK, Aug. 2S.— Both pitchers were
batted hoavlly to-day, but Fraser was wild In
addition to heinq: ineffective and lost. Attend
ance 1400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 6 16 3
Brooklyn 10 16 2
Batteries — Fraser ami MeFarland; Kltson and
Farrell. Vmr>ire — O'Day.
Clubs— V.'. L,. Pet. I Clubs— TV. L. Pet
Brooklyn ..:.60 37 .eiO.Chlcago .... 49 52 .4?3
Plttsbur* ...53 4$ .333! Cincinnati ..4S 53 .473
Philadelphia 50 43 .50'. St Louis 47 52 .475
Boston 43 50 .4D3 Xew York ..40 &d .401
CORRECT STAXDIXG OF THE LEAGUE.
Brooklyn.
FBASEB IS INEFFECTIVE.
Philadelphia Loses a Fast Game to
Semi-final round— Sumner Hardy of San
Francisco, owe 30. beat H. H. Hackett af
Yale, owe 30, 0—6, 6—2. 7—5.
International League, final round— Peter
Porter of Niagara Falls beat George
Peterson of St. Catharines, 6—3 6—3
NIAGARA ON THE LAKE, Ont.. Aug.
2S.— At the Niagara international tennis
meeting H. If. Hackett of Yalo beat
Fischer of New York in a three-act
match, both, playing from the same mark
In the handicaps. This afternoon the
semi-final match in the men's handicap
singles. in the Niagara international tour
nament was played, and Sumner Hardy
of San Francisco beat H. H. Hackett of
Yale in a three-set match. To-morrow
Hardy will play F. B. Alexander in the
finals, the latter receiving odds of owe
half-fifteen. Scores:
T, M , e , n '? .handicap singles, second round—
H. H. Hackett of Yale biat E. P. Fischer
of New York.
Californian Adds to -His Laurels in
the International Tournament
at Niagara-on-the-
Lake.
In Semi-Final Round of
Men's Handicap Hackett
Is Beaten.
HARDY DEFEATS
VALE CHAMPION
AT TENMS
Amona those who fancy Corbett's
changes Is Bob Fitzplmmon9. Although
he does not have a friendly feeling toward
Corbett, he declares that his Judgment
forces him to the conclusion that Corbett
is the superior fighter and will surely de
feat. .McCoy. He says that the toxrner
champion 13 too big, strong aro 'clever* for
McCoy.
"If Corbett." added Fltzsimmon*.
"could successfully stand off a man of
Jeffries' immense physique for twenty
three rounds, what chance has MeCov —
smaller and weaker in every particular
than the California Hercules— to beat Cor
bett?"
NEW YORK. Aug: 2S.— The fight be
tween Peter Maher and Joe Choynski,
which waa to have taken place at thj
Broadway Athletic Club to-night, had to
be declared off on account of Choynski s*
sickness. About 7 o'clock Choynski hail
un attack of stomach trouble, and a phy
sician who was summoned said that ho
was totally unfit to take part in the con
test. As soon as the management of tho
Broadway Athletic Club heard of this
they declared the bout off and refunded
the money to the spectators who had al
ready paid admission.
Choynski is not seriously afflicted, but it
will b^ impossible .for him to meet Maher
before the expiration of the liorton law.
Boxing of a superior type will be wit
nessed in the arena of tho Twentieth Cen
tury Club at Madison-square Garden
Thursday night, when Corbett and ".h-id
McCoy will put on the gioves.
There la not a trick in the game of hit,
stop and get away with which Corbett and
McCoy are not familiar. With such per
fect knowledge of the finer points of box-
Ing as Corbett and McCoy possess tbera
appears to be but little doubt that It w-U
be the greatest in the history of fistic
battles.
So far as physical condition or these
scientific gladiators Is concerned, there is
little to choose between th«m. McCoy's
friends expect to see htm enter the ring
weighing 173 pounds. This will be ten
pounds heavier than he ever tipped tho
scales. They assert that McCoy can de
liver a much harder blow than the former
heavy-weight champion, and this they be
lieve will give him the victory- It will bo
remembered that in the fight between Mc-
Coy and Sharkey the pale-faced Hoosicr
twice floored the sailor with right-hand
Mows to the jaw, thus giving testimony
to his ability to strike bard and gauga
distance properly.
"Corbett cannot hit straight at all,"
said Sharkey. "He's got to bring his left
around in hook fashion. I thiak McCoy
will reach Corbett wl*b straight lefts and
defeat him Inside of eight rounds."
Many well known experts pick Corbett
as the winner. They do so on the ground
that the former champion Is a bit more
clever than McCoy and a better ring gen
eral. They say that in none of his flghta
has Corbett ever been confused, while
third-raters have been known to upset
McCoy at times.
McCormick's defeat of the Hoosler Is
pointed out as an Instance. In order tr>
win Corbett's friends believe that McCoy
will have to do considerable rushing and
land one of his famous jolts within eight
rounds, but they cannot figure how Mc-
Coy can g?t home such a blow on tho
former champion within the period of
time mentioned.
McCoy and Corbett Both In Prixna
Condition and Each Feels
Confident of Suc
cess.
Former Becomes 111 and
Will Not Be Able to
Toe the Scratch.
CHOYNSKI AID
MAHER FIGHT IS
DECLARED OFF
"Bigsby went up to see th« Thousand
Islands on a * special rate - excursion
ticket."
"How did he enjoy the trip?"
"He came back th'reatening. to sue -the
railroad company." < ¦ .
"What for?"
"He couldn't countbut 993 islands!"—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Northern Pacific Will Probably Con
struct the Line.
PORTLAND. Aug. 2S.-The Evening
Telegram says: "Reports are In circula
tion and apparently not without some
foundation that there is a connection be
tween the cessation of building operations
on Tho Dalles portage railroad and the al
leged intention of the Northern PaclHp
to build down the north hank of tho Co
lumbia River to Portland. Evidence is
furnished in the suspension of work upon
the portage road at The Dalles, engineered
liy Paul Mohr. Lack of funds made It nec
essary to discharge the workmen. -. It is
more than probable that the necessary
funds will be furnished by the Northern
Pacific. - ¦ - .... .
Guida to Be Reported.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28. -The Italian,
Gulda, who arrived in this country two
weeks ago on the Kaiser Wllhelm II. In
company with the alleged anarchist Mar
cesa, another Italian, was ordered deport
ed to-day by the board of special Inquirv
of the Immigration Bureau. He will be
deported to Europe. Ilareesa's case has
not yet been decided. Gulda and Marcesa
were suspected of being anarchists when
they arrived in this country and thero
were reports that.Marcesa had come to
kill I»resident McKlnloy in accordance
with a plot hatched ;n Italy. The men
have been detained on Bills Island.
DALLES PORTAGE ROAD.
Police Believe That the Capture of
Charles Barnes Will Be
Effected.
ST. IX>mS. Auk. 28.— Charles H. names,
alias John H. Nelson, the alleged Ken
lucky train robber who escaped from ten
detectives in this city recently. Is repotted
through police channels to have been lo
cated at Deer Trail, British Columbia.
The clew a? to the fugitive's place of
refuge is said to have been furnished to
Chief Desmond by Mrs. Charles II.
Rarnes. the wife of the man. who has
been a constant visitor at police head
quarters ever since the capture of Chan
tiing B. Barnes and the escape of his
brother. On this information olHcers were
sent out. and it is asserted that the cap
ture of JlarnoF. dead or aJlve, may be a.
matter of a short time.
Channing H. Barnes, the brother, who
was captured In St. Louis, was convicted
of complicity in the Wickliffe train rob
bery a week npo and sentenced to twenty
years in the penitentiary.
WIFE OF TRAIN-ROBBER
REVEALS HIS HIDING PLACE
SOUTHAMPTON. N. Y., Aug. 2S.-Therc
was a great gathering of expert women
golfers at the links of the Shinnecock
Hills Golf Club to-day, where the qual
ifying round was played of the women's
fifth annual championship under Vac aus
pices of the l'niu-d States Golf Associa
tion. Miss Beatrice Hoyt. who has won
the gold medal each year, beginning with
1*36. for the best score in the qualifying
round, again won the medal.
Champion Lady Golfer.
In the third round both men were fresh.
McGraw reached a straight right for
Kane's features, but the latter side
stepped and shot a straight right for the
chin, putting McGraw down and out.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 2S.-Jack Kane of
San Francisco knocked out Billy McGraw
of this city in the third round of what
was to have been a twenty-round bout at
the Clunie Opera-house to-night. The
fight, which was under the auspices of the
Capital City Athletic Club, was fierce
¦while It lasted. In the first and -second
rounds McGraw was aggressive and
played for Kane's kidneys, where he
landed several hard ones without return.
In the second Kane staggered McGraw
¦with a left swing to the Jaw.
in the Third Round.
Knocks Out McGraw at Sacramento
KA2JE' THE WINNEK.
Running, one mile, selling, fnr three
year-olds and upward, purse $2'">0— Alicia won,
Kl Mido second. Expedient third. Time, 1:41.
March Seven. Wing, Tenrlca and Sea Spray
also ran.
Running, five and a half furlonsrs. for three
year-olds and upward, soiling, purse $125 — Al
moner won, Amasa second. Royal Kan third.
Time, 1 :07. l,oui*e Hyman, San Augustine,
Bertha Mac. Polka anil Harry Gwynne also
ran.
Paclnr. 2:35 class, beet 3 in 5. purse $300:
Grorpia B 1 1 1
Cl<* 2 6 3
Jennie B 3 4 7
Tags 4 2 5
Baby Button 5 7 C
Hanker'p Daughter 6 3 2
Mulcahy 7 5 d
Santa Anita Maid 8 8 4
Time— 2:16. 2:13H, I:l3'i.
Time— 2:25. 2:lS9i. 2:20.
In the free-for-all trot for three-year
olds Kulah Mac was a prohibitive favor
ite and Vendome and Tom Smith sold for
even money for place in the betting. In
the first heat Eulah Mac opened up a
lead of a dozen lengths in going to thy
quarter, but she eased up down the back
stretch and remained on friendly terms
with her opponents for the rest of the
Journey. Vendome left her feet at the
head of the stretch and allowed Tom
Smith to secure the place. No pools were
sold after the first heat and Kulah Mac
took the lead for the second heat ami
made the quarter in 34 1 ;, the half in
l:0"Vi, and finished an easy winner wltn
Vendome second in 2:159*.
In the running events Almoner won tho
five and a half furlong race with com
parative ease. Summaries:
Free for all, trotting, three-year-olds, best
3 in 5. purse $300:
Kulah Mac. by McKinney (HogrobooTnK.l 1 1
Venilone. by Iran Alto (Bunch) S 2 2
Tom Smith, by McKinney (Smith) 2 Z 3
The weather to-day was pleasant, but
the breeze was rather too stiff to hold out
much hope that a record might be broken.
A. H. Cohen. President Hoppin and Di
rector A. C. Stevens occupied the Judges'
stand and C. A. Durfee, J. A. McKeon
and Richard Havey officiated as timers.
WOODLAND. Aug. 2S.— The second day
of the fair gives an assurance to its pro
moters that it will be a great success.
The attendance waa much larger than
that of Monday and more than double
that of the corresponding day of the pre
ceding fair. There were more than the
usual number of the fair Bex in the grand
stand and a great crush of vehicles, all
of them well filled. In tne Infield.
Wednesday will be Governor's day. Tho
racing card will be an excellent one and
Dione will endeavor to lower her record
of 2:07U-
Facial Dispatch to The Call.
To-Day Is Governor's Day at the
District Fair and Dione Is to
Be Sent Against Her
Record.
Great Crowd Witnesses Pac
ing and Trotting Races
at Woodland.
EULAH MAC
AND GEORGIA B
WIN EASILY
"U" said the crentletrtan who had fairly
prospered, "am humbly proud of th<» fact
that I took 'Get thee behind me, Satan.'
as my motto when I began business life.
"There 1& nothing." said the second gen
tleman, who had measured wits with the
first gentleman, "like having good back
• ins-"— Indianapolis Press.*.
Hhode Inland Flakes. $2<i00. 2:30 trot— Mr. Mld
<3>mpy won the tycond, third and fourth" heats
!n 2;l3<4. 2:11H. 2:1714- Leonard Hell won the
fi>5t heat In 2:12'i. Ebbett. Kalewalba. IMU
Curry, Anr.le Uur-nc and I'eppina a!so started
What fhf>e r Ftake, $2000. 2:to pare—Connor
won three *tral*rht heats in 2:(^hi. 2:O4« 2'03
Rilev ]{. Harrj- O, Will Leybum. Island Wiik.s
Jr., Johr.ny /.p;i and Pphinx II aluo ctarted.
2:14 pa^e. purse tlMA-Allce Harnft. won the
f!r«t. third and fourth heats in J:lt«i. 2-ll«4
2:I2 1 4. Xell Cwvnne won -the * second 'h«»at Iti
i-.iZ^t. N'lrnrer Jack. Irl» O. Grac-le Onward
Lsrao, I'alm lieaf. Minuet. Klnc Warlock'
HI ndie\ Alkaionp and Ump Olri al«o started'
Th« Kncrr Williams, 2:£i pace. $;«fi0— Kvoiuje
v-n the second, third and fourth he-atS In t:li\tl
2:12. 2:12 1 4- fiallle Hook won the nrft heatiii
2:II»;. Kana. Lady, AliriplH. Mount Clemens
lioy. V. H. Flynn, Orin n. Argo. Director
TJeauty S|*it and Hed Fhedd also rtarted
PROVIDENCE. 'R. I.. Aug. 28.— The at
tendance at to-day"s Grand Circuit races
was large, the weather fine, the racing
excellent and the time fast, the average
bolng- a second faster than at Readville
last week. It was a baa day for the tal
ent, as but one favorite won.. Connor, in
the 2:10 pace,- which was stepped in the
fastest time for the class on the circuit.
Connor v.-on in straierht h^ats. He stopped
the first mile in 2:«i,; RiIey.K driving him
out. The second heat was in the fast
time of 2:04» 4 . which i.-.ade a new mark
for Connor. Elliey H was a i?ood second
Harry O rhased the favorite home in tHe
ftxia! heat in 2:>>:>. The winner made his
mark of 2:05 1-5 at Roadville, and his mile
to-day in 2M\ stamps him as one of
the best pacers along the line.
Alice Hamcs won the unfinished 2'H
trot, carried <ivf»r from yesterday liv tak
ing two straight heats
fiallif Honk, the favorite, won* the first
hrat in the 2:2*. pace, but a bad br*ak
lator distanced the mare. Evolute, an
out^idor. won in on«. two. three order
Anv.if Burns, a winner at Readvllle la <t
we^k, was consldrre<I a Rood thing bv the
talent, but Wilson's Krrat mare went up
and could not be brought inside th«* fla"
K<lrham'« Mr. Middlemay won the re
mainJng: h<-ats, which f^ thr first race the
bay won this season. Eum'marv
2:22 trot, purse- 1 0 ¦*> — JJreczeland won In
FtraiKht heats. Best time, Z:Zi\. Maud Marc,
Symbol, lSelle J, Eva, Drifton and I'rejetta also
started. ...
DES MOIXES. Iowa. Aup. 2S.— Fifteen
thousand people saw the State Fair races
to-day. Summary:
2:14 pare, puree JGOO-Meflron won first, third
snd filth h«>ais. Kthan II won the Fecond heat.
l>r. IVttlt won fourth heat. Hest time. 2:14.
t:i> r.t Kinc and J.hka also starred.
ness Horses.
Fifteen Thousand People See the Har-
IOWA FAIB BACES.
Selling. ri.i!»"a?iii twenty yard!" — Ooustn I>>ttle
won.- Cavallo eecond. L>oi> Clarencio third.
Time,- l:C\i.
One mile — Pirate Ite'll won. Greeting* eecond,
Rathlin tiiinl. Time, 1:40.
i^teer'lfch.ise, short coume— Uy Admiral von,
l>jrd Farndale second. Poorland* third. Time,
DETROIT. Aug. 2S.— Results at Wind
eor:
Feven furlongs, selllnc — Lake Koni>o won,
Charley Shane second, Headley third. Time,
mm.
Five furlonc». selling— Kid Hampton won,
Quirvo eecond. Pine Chip third. Time, l:01<4.
Five furlongs— <?ord*>r won, Sevoy second.
CHICAGO. Augr. 2*.— Only three twro
year-olds started In the Competition
etakes. the feature of Hawthorne's card
this afternoon, but it proved to be one of
the most sensational finishes ever seen be
tween a tri.. i,t colts. Po«?art led into the
Stretch by two lengths. Wild Pirate being
three lonpths It-hind. He made up the
distance and won out by an inch, lionnie
Ki^sak was right with the leaders. Ke
tults:
Six furlongs— Audie won. The Elk second.
l'i"i>os»al thini.. Time. J:19'i-
Sjx tumniss — John A. Morris won. Hajnl
ires* second. Nobleman third. Time, 1:1T ! /j.
Onerr.lk. selling— 1'rettar won, Jim \V second,
£hm L<azari!s Kfij. third. Time. 1:47'^.
The Coint>etition Etakes. six furlongs — Wild
I'irate won, llcnnie Llesak second. Possart
third. Time.' 1:19.
One mile, handicap— Maggie Dyis won,
brigade seconil, The Lady In Blue third. Time,
1:46.
One mil* and a quarter. 6eilln»— Scales won.
Our Nellie eecoal. Prince Blazes third. Time,
8:14.
Kix anl a half furloncs. NtUiS— Itiuht B*n»
vim Chorus t*"con<i. iienham ihlrJu Ti~ne,
ST. LOUIS, Aur. 2S.-Summary:
Six furloiicf Polling— Mona. B won. "U'hlFp«.r
Item woonrt. gylrlan third. Time. l:16«i.
Five furiones— Kate Freeman won. Uelorrame
eeennd. Ilonitary third. Time. 1:03 Vfc.
£ix furlongs. K^ilint— Percy R won. Inrufudo
second. RudtfU third. Time; l:lC'i. •
- One mile an 1 i-«rventy yards. *elliuy— «.:ien
!.. k- won. Ladas i*econ i. Laureate third. Time,
l:C&
One mile, celling— Peethlr.sf m*o. Julieita B
*eecnd. Pi<-cador th'.rd. Tim-?. 1:45 V
NETW YORK. Aug. 2S.— The attendance
fit Shecpshead Bay was not up to the
averapo owing to the unattractlvcness of
lhe card. The feature of the day was the
\» oodcock stakes, for two-year-olds at five
and a half furlor.ps. and was won by
i'emurrer in very ea>y style at the good
jjrice of 5 to 1, the favorite. Moor, being
third. The first race was won by Beau
Ormoiide. being ridden to beat the favor
ite. All Green. The second race, at a mile
aJbd a furlong, for three-year-olds, was
won by the favorite. Belle of Tr6y, run
ning easily, only three horses starting.
The fourth race, for three-year-olds at
on* mile and a furlong., was marred by
several scratches, but resulted in one of
the betting races of the day. It was eas-
Jly won by Laidy Massey. The fifth race.
a mile and three-quarters over seven hur
dios, was won by the favorite. Klondike.
Tho Fixth was won by King Bramble in
hollow Ftyle. Results:
Five and a. ha!f Jurlonps— Beau Ormonde won,
AM CJrwn second, Kcnnilworth third. Time,
1:07 2-5.
One inile and an ciphth. pellinp— Uelle cf
Troy won. Peaceful second, Bangor thlrJ.
TimV. UZt 4-5.
Five and a ha'.f furlongs on turf, selling—
IVrnurrer wor., Six-Shooter second. Moor third.
Time, 1 :C7 4-5.
One irsile and an eighth — Lady Massey won.
Killafhandra second, Watercure third. Time,
1:44 1-5.
<.»ne mile end three-quarter*, hurdles, on turf
—Klondike won. I»raughtsman second. Count
JCavarro third. Time. 2:21.
Feven furlongs— Kir.g Uramble won. Betty
Uray second. Potente third. Time, U2C 4-5.
Five furlongs— Marc) .won. Bill Maesie sec
ond. Kflucem third. Time. l:02V».
Six furlongs*— Zar.one won, Cherrybead **c
ond. Oi*mtai> third. Time. 1:14.
Five furlong-Militant won. Termlnu* sec
ond. Lyror lielle third. Time. 1:<j0 3-5.
8tx and a half furlongs — Sagatuck won. Wine
press p«»ccRd, Innovator third. Time, 1:2L
Six furlongs, felling— I)i>l?t v.on. Crinkle sec
ond. Old FDx third. Time. 1:15.
• DETROIT. Aug. 2S.— Favorites swept the
card at Highland Park to-day. Coburn
«ot four cf his mounts In first out of four
chances, and one of them Militant, estab
lished a new track record In the five fur
longs for two-year-olds. Weather clear,
track fast. Results;
' Six furlong*— Etnil Zola won, Wfikerson sec
ond. L)r. J. \V. Itemsay third. Time. 1:VU,
At Sbeepshead Bay the Woodcock
Stakes, Feature of the Day,
Is Won by Long
Shot.
Coburn Gets Four of His
Mounts First Out of
Four Chances.
FAVORITES TAKE
EVERYTHING AT
HIGHLAND PARK
NEW YORK, Aug. 2S.— Jose Castro v
Garcia, who ' was arrested In Havre,
France, on July 20 last, charged with ab
sconding from Porto Rico with $12;0C0 oJ
Unit ed . States Government funds." arrived
on the French lino steamer I/Aquitalne
and was locked up in I^udlow Street J.iil.
He w-as in custody of < Luis Barrios, assist
ant chief of the* Insular- police of Porto
Rico,' who went to Havre no bring back
the alleged embezzler. By his : extradition
tho r French - Government recognizes the
sovereignty of the United States in Porto
Rico. " . .
So verei gnty Recognized.
Twice Crosses Ocean;
and Now Has Chris- !
tian Home. t;
I ITTLE L.I MI is a Chinese
I girl born in San Francisco
I eleven years ago. Judge
says she was born
here, and when he says that
of a Chinese person It must be so.
Little Li Ml was taken to China
when she was 3 years old and
taught to. burn punk and bump
her little forehead upon the floor
In front of the big red-faced Joss
.-In- the. temple. In Canton. By and
>, by- papa and mamma died and
'..¦were T . laid away to rest with the
usual offerings of roast hog, lichl
nut* and other delicacies which
the priests ate and made believe
that the souls . of the dead had
consumed. |
When she was 11 years old LI
Mi was brought' b&ck to San Fran
cisco to live with her aunt who
Is a seamstress In Cum Cook alley.
. Judge Heacock said that the little
snub-nosed girl was a native
daughter and that she mlghticome
In. but Marshall B. .Wood worth.
Assistant United States Attorney,
thought that she ought to be taken
care of by the missionaries— that
.Is, by what are left of them— and
SJjI Mi's auntie, the , seamstress In
the Chinese alley, said she was
willing to have Miss Donaldina
' Cameron, matron of the Presby- •
I terlan Mission, appointed guar
dian of the little girl, to keep her'
at the mission and teach her to
. be a good . girl until she. becomes [
18 years old. Then she may choose
to be, a missionary herself and go
to China to be killed. by the Box
ers or marry a fat Chinaman in
Fish alley and ' start ,' a .- Sunday-
school of her own." •
So LI Ml went with her new
. mamma to v the mission to be a
Christian girl.".
LITTLE LI Ml HAS
A NEW MAMMA
The «mployes of laundries • won their
fight for shorter hours' yesterday before
the Board of Supervisors, when there was
passed to print an amended ordinance fix
ing the period during which they should
labor each day at from 6 a. m. to 7 p. m.
The present ordinance reads from 6 a. m.
until 10 p. m.i pq that three hours will be
taken off the arduous duties of 2000 em
ployes, C5 per cent of whom are, women
and girls. The new ordinance Is substan
tially the same as the old one, the only
change being in the section headed "times
at which laundry work may not be per
formed." The section Is as follows: p}V.
No person or persons owning or employed in
the public laundries or pulilic washhouses pro
vided for In i>eetion 1 of this. ordinance shall
wash, mangle or Iron clothes between the hours
of 7 o'clock p. m. and 6 o'clock a. m., nor upon
any portion of that day known as Sunday.
Labor Commissioner Meyers addressed
the board and said that the old ordinance,
fixing the hours- betwf en 6 a. m. and Vj
p m. had been upheld as a proper police
regulation on the ground that the public
safety ami repose demanded It, and that
It was in the power of the board to change
the hours from 6 a. m. to 7 p. m.- Su
pervisor Curtis said there was no opposi
tion to the ordinance, on the part of the
large laundries. Mayor Phelan said that
the law would have to be •enforced strictly
against the Chinese, who were the most
dangerous competitors of white laundries.
i Miscellaneous Business.
The ordinance providing for the creation
of a police relief and pension fund, ac
cording to the terms of the charter, was
recommitted to the Police Committee."
The Columbia Athletic Club was grant
ed permission to hold a boxing: exhibition
at Woodward's Pavilion during the month
of October.
> The bill designating that portion: of the
hospital lot which was by ordinance No. 42
dedicated for public park purposes "Du
boce Park" was finally passed. ¦ . '.
A resolution was adopted approving the
statement of the California Street' Cable
Railroad Company, that the gross re
ceipts of the Hyde street branch for the
year ending June 30. ISM. amounted to
$184,513 26. and requesting it- to turn pver
to -the city treasury the sum "of $3600 26,
being 2 p?r cent of the receipts, as pro
vided by law.
The Board bf Public Works was request
ed to add a-(#ctlon to the proposed ! new
lire ordinance."gra:itlng the right to prop
erty owner* to construct automatic
sprinklers in manufacturing, :mercant le
and storage buildings, : also warehouses
and all other buildings used for business
purposes.", so as to lessen the firerlsk.:
An ordinance was passed to print
authorizing the Board of Public Works to
enter into a contract for the removal* of
street sweepings from Eleventh and'Bry
ant streets to Golden Gate Park. . •',:¦ ¦•"¦ ;
- The matter of the ¦ appointment by the
Labor Commissioner Meyers Urges
Favorable Action on Ground of
Public Safety and
Repose. ?
FIGHT WON FOR
SHORTER HOUHS
IN LAUNDRIES
Ordinance Reducing Them
to Thirteen a Day Is
Passed to Print
" Prince Ansel <2:20Vfe). one of the fastest
racers as a two-year-old in the State, but
for some year3 laid up with a bad leg. is
r.ow working well at the Sacramento
track and finished an easy fifth mile in
2:20V; last quarter in 31 1 ,* seconds, last
eighth in 15 seconds. A half-brother of
Prince Ansel, a pacer, worked a mile in
northern circuit will all meet to
gether for tho first time at Sacramento,
and the entries here are so large and the
classifications so fortunate that the
champions will be all pitted against each
other, and all of the races promise to be
hotly contested.
The Sacramento track, which has been
newly prepared. Is now In perfect condi
tion, and the horsemen are speculating as
to how fast the horses will go in Septem
ber. The excellent condition of the track
could not be better illustrated than by in
stancing the recent performances there by
racers. Bonsaline (2:1<>*V> worked a mile
recently in 2:12 without a break, and Dolly
Dillon (2:13) worked a mile finishing strong
in 2:11. Dora Doe (2:22> worked a mile
with Wild Nutllng. timed by Sam Gamble,
J. C. Bunch and Mlllard Sanders, in 2:15,
making the la.st quarter in 21 seconds.
Little Thorn worked the first quarter of
the track In 30 seconds — the fastest time
c-ve$ made for this quarter on the Sacra
mento track.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 2S.-Interest in
the harness racing to take place at
the State Fair meeting is con
stantly increasing. The horses
that have been performing on the
board of an interpreter of the Japanese
language for the Police Courts was re
ferred to the Mayor for recommendation
as to the necessity for the employment of
the interpreter.
The City Attorney was requested to pro
cure from ex-City Treasurer A. C. "Widber
a quitclaim deed to all the real estate
owned by him in favor of tho city and
county.
The City Attorney was asked for an
opinion as to the advisability of the city
accepting an ofTer of $1225 by W. H.
Rhodes for the Mountain View, Santa
Clara County, property which reverts to
the city in the suit against A. C. Wirtber.
. A resolution was adopted directing the
Health and Fire departments, Board of
Public Works, department of electricity,
City and County Hospital and Almshouse
to pay for their own stationery.
' A resolution was adopted authorizing
the Mayor to accept a bequest of $189 70
made by Mrs. Antonla Verdugo do Vor
tugo. wh« died in Cullacan. Mexico, and
directing the Treasurer and Auditor to
audit and pay to I^ouls Kaiser, United
States Consul at Mazatlan. the sum of
$24 47 as a fee and for expenses In collect
ing the bequest.
The board adjourned to meet on Wednes
day next.
One of the races at the meeting which
will attract the most interest is the Oc
cident stake of 1901. which will be trotted
at Sacramento. September 3. the first day
of the fair. This stake closed January 1,
1S98, with fifty-seven entries. Of this num
ber only four have made final payment,
but they are four of the highest clas3
three-year-olds that ever started in a
futurity stake. The Occident stake has
been an annual event with the Stale Agri
cultural Society for many years, and the
fastest time ever made in it was the walk
over by Sunol. In 2:\& l ±; the fastest time
ever made in a contest was 2:19 1 ,*> by L.a
Belle.
The four racers that will contest thl.i
year are Eulah Mac. by McKlnney (2:11).
dam Balance All <2:2^V>). by Brigadier;
Vendome, by Iran Alta (2:12',i). dam Linda
Oak (2:21%). by Guy Wilkes; The Roman,
by McKlnney (2:11>. dam Wanda (2:14?i).
by Eros, and Tom Smith, by McKinney
(2:11), dam Daisy S, by McDonald Chief.
Eulah Mac took a two-year-old record
of 2:27% and went a mile at Santa Rosa
early this summer in 2:19. .In a work
out mile she has gone'a half in 1:04,- and
from present reports she has made con
stant improvement and Is deemed capa
ble of a sensational performance. •
Tom Smith is showing superior form at
Sacramento. Ho. worked a mile about two
weeks ago in 2:19V* and has been con
stantly improving.
Feature of the Harness Events.
2:21. last quarter in 31*4 feeonds and last
eighth in 15 <beccnds. tJmed by a dozen
watches. These showings justify the con
fidence that when the horses meet at. Sac
ramento all track records will be broken,
and many of our coast records will go
with them.
Recently cut rates and other devices
have been employed to increase this moo.
erately handsome daily pie gorge. Not
long ago it was difficult to get a pie with
two whole, non-leathery lids and unlm
peachable filling for .7 cents. Now it is
easy to buy a pie for restaurant use for
a nickel— no questions asked and no back
talk taken. Not only are cut rates of
fered, but pie '"spielers" have appeared
on the scene, to urge their goods upon
the restaurant trade. Where prices are
the same the restaurateur is invited u
become a pie taster, or pie "tester." antk
the result has been pastry devouring or
gies that have had no parallel since "Sim
ple Simon met the pieman" and "little
Jack Homer put In his thumb and pulled
out a plum:".
The origin of the pie war is not made
plain. Simkins & Thorp and J. W. Thorp
& Co. are known to have had a falling
out. and some restaurateurs trace the
present devastating pie price war to them.
The head of Thorp & Co. is father of
Henry "U*. Thorn of , Simkins & Thorp.
The senior Thorp came to the coast on
the advice of Henry W. Thorp and was
for ii time foreman for his son. Then
Thorp Sr, went off and started another
concern, and there has been lively rivalry
and keen competition for the pie supply
business among the Thorps ever since.
When the pie war was fairly on Albert
G. Simkins went East to see what new
wrinkies there were in Eastern pies. He
came back, recently, having made thr
tour of many bakeries and knowledge of
this quest for pie lore hair stimulated the
"spielers." Possibly the effect will be to
push on the daily pio consumption of San
Francisco by 10.000 additional pies, for the
low prices and consequent added . profU
for restaurateurs will furnish them an
inducement to urge, pio where the cus
tomer Is compliant.. .
There are three pie bakeries In San
Francisco that supply the restaurant and
grocery store trade. It is carefully esti
mated that at ieast 34,000 pies are daily
consumed in San Francisco, or about on*,
to every ten persons, including babes in
arms. • ' :
There is a pie war on in San Francisco.
That statement will be news to thousands
who daily dare dyspepsia through its
great American agent.
Restaurant Keepers and Grocery
Stores Visited by Skilled "Spiel
ers," Who Hunt for the
Local Trade.
\ *
Cut Rates Result and Tariff
Touches the One-Nickel
Mark.
WAR BREAKS OUT
AMID MAKERS OF
RESTAURANT PIE
By the record and according 1 to reports
the filly Eulah Mac has the foot of the
Held. The three colts, however, are but a
short way behind her. and from their well
known ptamlna and the racehorsn qualities
shown by them it would not be safe to count
any one of them outside of tlrst money.
It may be that Eulah Mac will be driven
out in* the first heat of the race in as good
as 2:12, and perhaps forced the second mile
up to hor limit. If this is done split heats
nre likely to follow, and the race will then
become an open one, with a fair chance
for any of the four.
From any standpoint this race will be a
preat one. It will be the greatest Occi
dent stake ever trotted in California. It
will be one of the greatest three-year-old
races to botrotted in the United States
this year and oncof tho greatest futurity
harness races that ever took place, com
paring favorably with the famous Ken
tucky Futurity race .of 1S99, . when Bor
alma won, getting a record of 2:13, and
where the famous California three-year
old. Idoletta, trotted two heats in 2:12,
and yet failed to obtain any part of the
stake.
Eulah. Mac's Chances.
V<? ndome is a full brother to Dr. Frasse
(2:22) and Dr. Frasse's Sister (2:2">V*s), the
winner of the, Stanford stake last year.
He is a sreat bred colt and in a split heat
raoe, driven by J. C. Bunch, will show
the qualities he inherits from his grand
sirp. Palo Alto (2:08%). ""'*/¦£
The Roman is being much talked of by
the Sacramento track people and is touted
as a probable winner of this great stake.
He went a mile several weeks ago in 2:19*2
and worked a mile recently in the middle
of the track in 2:17. a performance con
servatively estimated to be equal to 2:lo
at the pole.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
t THREE OF THE FAST TROTTERS THAT WIXI, CONTEST WITH EULAII MAC FOR THE GREAT OCCIDENT,
> THREE t>* J-«r. STAKE AT THE STATE FAIR NEXT MONDAY.
JHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1900.
Four Speedy Trotters 'Will Contest for the Prize
at the Sacramento Fair. •
GREAT OCCIDENT STAKE RACE
THE HARNESS EVENTS FEATURE
Choynski Too Sick to Meet Maher. . S
. Corbett and McCoy Ready for Battle. §
5 Qk %f \J X2 w W w^ r'^^v^NAVVvAVNA</^^VsriA^V>ys^VVS/N^v^^VsA*/s/s^^s^-V k<^V^s WP ™ *tF ftf W^ *w w WF
SPORTING EVENTS OF THE DAY.
ntr *es or Great Occident Stake,
Good Racing at Woodland Fair.
"*^ ¦*»¦ *v 'W vw -W •^/sysA^vs/^s/Nys/N/s^V'V^'VVNAVN/N^s/^s/s^^V'^V^VNfVN^ t& *^ w W W **
4
. " Lucke is selling out."
• •-
Lucke's sale
Lucke's
832 Market St.
Come in the morning — you can then buy with
more comfort — store is crowded in the afternoons.
Ladies'
Laird, Schober & Co.'s Ladies'
Tan Cloth Top Button or Tan
Silk Top Lace Shoes, with
French heels and stylish toes; al-
ways sold for $6.00; now cut to
$3.35
They are this season's most sty-
Several styles of Black Shoes in
kid, cloth or silk top lace and'kid
top button; formerly sold at $3.00;
now reduced to
$1.85 *
These shoes have taken well
from the very start — they are ex-
ceptional values. '
A few of those Ladies' Best
Tennis Shoes left, which sold for
$2.50 to $3.00.' are now going at
Hen's
Men's Patent Leather Shoes—
the finest -of makes, such as
Johnston & Murphy's. Boyden
and Banister's — re»luce<l in prices
from $7.00 and $6.50 to
$5.85 ana $4.65
These shoes are made in lace or
button, on the very latest lasts;
they are fashionahle shoes and arc
all that is expected of a fine dress
shoe.
Men's Tan or Black Vici or Calf
"Goodyear" Welt Shoes, pood
makes, stylish shapes, n?ce, sightly
shoes, at
$2 35
We carry quite a variety of
these shoes and can please every-
body who wants a shoe of this na-
ture.
Children's and Misses' Kan-
paroo Calf Shoes, in either lace or
button, extension soles,
sizes 6 to 8 95c
sizes 8 : /2 to 11 SI.20
sizes wYi to 2 $1.4O
All the atove shoes are carefully fitted. by
experienced shoe salesmen.
Orders from the interior filled. Address Department E.
For one month Lucke's Shoe Sale has gone on
brisklv. It seems almost impossible that such
crowds could be drawn to any sale as have
thronged the store daily. Although the sales have
been large the bargains stiH hold out, as every pair
of shoes in the store is reduced. The assortment
is yet quite complete — you can suit your taste and j
purse. This is a wonderful chance to save consid- j
erable money on stylish sho?s.Henry Reid, a laborer, who lives at 314
Jessie street, fell from. a Union street car
last evening as it rounded the corner at
Baker and Union streets. He was ren
dered unconscious by the fall and was
taken to the City Receiving Hospital. Ex.
aminatlon showed that he had received a
fracturo of the skull.
His Skull Fractured by a Fall.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
LONDON. Aug. !S.— George Crevllle. British
Minister resident at Bangkok since 1S56. haa
been appointed British Minister to Mexico in
succession to Sir Henry Deerlng, recently ap
pointed British Minister to Rio de Janeiro.
RALEIGH. X. C. Aur. 2S.— The second an
nual convention of the National Association of
the State Commissioners of Agriculture began
here to-day. After the delivery of the welcom
ing addresses Hon. O. R. Stevens of Georgia,
president, read his annual address.
' CHAlU-OTTE. N. C. Aug. 2S.— The Society
of the Daughters of Liberty met to-day In the
hall of the Junior Order of United American
Mechanics, of which orKanlzatlon.lt is an aux
iliary, with 115 delegates in attendance. The
society now has a membership of 15.331 in the
United States. Eleven councils were organized
during the i>ast year. -
SUE FOB. THEIR FEES.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2S.-The handwriting
experts who testified In the Molineux case
have entered suit against the city to col
lect their fees for services In this case
According to the agreement made with"
Assistant District Attorney OFborne they
were to receive $50 per day each, the rail
road fare and hotel bills. The parties to
the suit and the amount of their claims
are as follows: Edward B. Hay. Wash
ington City. $650; John F. Turrell. Mil
waukee. $1600: R. Dewet Mann. Syracuse
$1100: William E. Hapan Troy. S12S9 15-'
Albert S. Osborne. Rochester. $1208 87*
Thomas W. Cantwell, Albany, $450; Henry
L. Tolman. Chicago, $1150. and D. T.
Ames. Mountain View. Cal.. $1700.
Sr*<-ial Disr>atch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 28.— Chief of Po
lice Sullivan this afternoon issued his ul
timatum to the gamblers, who hoped to
reopen their games during the State Fair
season, which teplns September 2 and ends
September 15. The Chief declares that he
will not permit any Illegal game to re
open in Sacramento.
"I make this announcement now," said
the Chief, "for the reason that it may
save money and considerable trouble to
sporting men who might have a de#ire to
come to this city for the purpose of con
ducting their games. I am fully deter
mined not to permit any Illegal form of
gambling during the State Fair season,
r.or at any other time while I occupy the
oftVe of Chief of Police."
Chief Sullivan also asserted that he
would fiRht the poolrooms if they at
tempted to reopen. It had been rumored
¦i downtown circles that Chief Sullivan
Intended to visit Chicago, so as to be
absent from the city during the State
I- air. but the Chief asserts that he will
temaln in Sacramento and enforce the
law.
WILL STOP GAMBLING
DURING STATE FAIR
WINOXA, Minn.. Aug. 2?.— An Import
ant bankruptcy decision was filed here
this morning by Judge Lochren In the
case of W. B. Trowbridge. insolvent. The
decision in effect is that under the bank
ruptcy law no creditor can have a
claim allowed until he surrenders to the
trustees any money or property he may
have received from the bankrupt within
four months prior to bankruptcy, without
regard to the creditor's knowledge or ig
norance of the fact that his debtor is in
danger of bankruptcy.
Seventeenth District Fair Opens.
NEVADA CITY, Aug. 2S.— The annual
fair of the Seventeenth Agricultural Dis
trict Association opened to-day and will,
continue during the week. There is a very
large attendance at Armory Hall to-night
to witness the fine exhibit of. mining, hor
ticultural, mechanical and other products
on display there. The annual address was
d»li vered - by Superior Judge ; Frank T.
JCllon. There is a creditable stock exhibit
at Glenbrook Park, midway between this
city and Grass Valley. There wlll.be no
horse racing this year in connection with
the fair.
AFFECTS BANKRUPTS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RED BLUFF. Auk. 2S.— Mrs. Leybeck,
the wife of a farmer in the southern part
of the county, is in jail here on the charge
of stealing two diamond rings from a lady
guest at the Imperial Hotel.
The guest had placed the two rings,
valued at $200, In her dressing case. She
was absent from the room for a short
time, and when she returned she found
that the rings had been taken. Mrs. Ley
beck, who had been employed about the
hotel, left for home soon after. Suspicion
fell upon her and Sheriff Bogard went to
the Leybeck farm, arrested the accused
and brought her back to Redding, where
she was placed In jail In default of $500
bonds.
The diamonds were not recovered, but
a brooch, belonging to another lady at the
hotel, and several articles bearing the
hotel stamp were found in her possession.
WOMAN IN REDDING
JAIL FOR STEALING
OGDEN, August 28.— Fire in the' yards'
of the Utah and Oregon Lumber Company
this afternoon destroyed the stock of lum
ber there. The loss is estimated at $27 0iX>
BLACKFOOT, Idaho. August 23.— Fire
broke out this morning in- the livery
stable of Dolph Johnson, and before it
could be got under control, had de
stroyed ' about half a block of buildings.
Twenty-four horses In Johnson's stable
perished. The loss Is upward of $10,000
with little insurance.
Fires Along the Coast.
George WHIoughby, one of the injured
at Gillman, is expected to die at any time.
KANKAKEE. 111.. Aug. 28.-Mrs. Char
lotte Wright, whose alleged misdeeds were
the cause of the tragedy at Gillman. died
at the Iroquois County Jail at Watseka
to-day. The loss of blood and exposure
with the tedious roundabout ride to Wat
seka caused her death. This makes four
deaths resulting from the destruction of
the Wright hospital and riots., the vic
tims being John Myers, Michael Ryan
Bessie Salter and Mrs. Dr. Wright. .
The Croker forces won the first round
in the battle a&alnst the friends of Comp
troller Coler. led by ex-Senator Hill. Mr
Hill and Mr. Coler. however, do not re
eard the result of the primaries as con
clusive, and the battle will be fought out
in the convention. Mr. Croker, however
said the result is final, and that no candi
date for Governor, from Greater New
York can be nominated.
CAUSE OF THE GILLMAN
TRAGEDY DIES IN JAIL
NEW YORK, -Augr. 2S.— Partial returns
from the primary elections held in the
various counties of the State to-day indi
cate that Richard Croker will control the
Democratic! State convention to be held
at Saratoga on September 11.
CROKER WINS FIRST
ROUND AGAINST HILL
RED BLUFF. Auc. 2S.— Showers of rain fell
here to-night, the first In several imonths. No
damage as yet to fruit.
MARYSVILLE. Aus. 28.— William Brlsta.
agred 28. a miner, was killed In the Pennsyl
vania mine at Browns Valley last night by a
jpremature blast.
SUISUN, Aug. 2S.— H. Jeff Dobbins, charged
with the murder of E. B. Ball In Vacavtlle.
was arraigned to-day and pleaded not g-ullty.
Xhe trial was set for November 19.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 2S.— The first rock on
the San Pedro breakwater under the new con
tract l»t to the California Construction Com
pany of San Francisco was dumped to-day.
BUTTE. Mort.. Aui. 2S. — The second annual
meeting of the Rocky Mountain Inter-State
Medical Association began here to-day. There
was a large attendance.
SANTA BARBARA. Aur. 28.— Five cars on
the freight train due to arrive in this city at
5 p. m. were ditched near Plru late this after
noon. The accident was caused by a broken
drawhead.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. JS.— Clarence Allison,
fathet of ex-Deputy Sheriff Allison, was
found dead this morning across the threshold
of his home at Covlna. The Coroner. has gone
to the scene to Investigate.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Aug. 2%.— In the election
held here to-day to vote on the question of Is
suing I1C0.O0O bonds to secure a water supply
for the city from Chino Valley, only nineteen
votes were cast against the bonds.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 23.— The forest fires
which have been rasrlng several days past are
now considered under control. The lires are
now in the vicinity of Pine Flat, way up in the
west fork of the San Gabriel Canyon. The fire
lighters' force has been largely augmented.
FRESNO. Auk. 28.— John Boit (colored) and
Scott Wrleht (white) were committed to the
reform school at Whlttler by Judge Webb.
Thet^ are the youths who threw a switch open
at the depot, resulting In the collision of a
passenger train with a sidetracked car laden
with rails.
¦ REDDING. Aug. 28.— With the-wlnd blowing
a gale from the west at 8:45 o'clock this evening
hailstones naif as large as an ordinary slxed
walnut began falling. People were compelled
to scurry for cover. The tattoo of the tcy mis
siles during- the few minutes they continued to
fall threatened tu drive through skylights and
windows. :
was badly burned last evening by an explosion
of powder. Oxander settled on a timber claim
about ten miles from here last year and has
teen clearing: the timber away. He was en
gagfd In logging yesterday and while preparing
a fiue a *park fell from a lighted cigarette Into
the five-pound can of powder, exploding It and
burning him frightfully about the face and
bod}-.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 23.— A couple of days
ago as John Gomez, a Portuguese miner, whose
claim Is at. Rebel Hill, near Folsom. was
workinr near the end of" his sluice, he was
horrified on secine the body of his little two
year-old son shoot out of the sluice box upon
the dump of tailings. .It seems the child had
wandered away from Its home, several hun
dri-d yards distant, and fell Into the. ditch
tha«. carrleJ v.-ater into the Gomex claim.
AUBURN, Aug. 28.— The, little town of
Sheridan. In western Placer County, was rude
ly awakened from Its midnight slumbers and
thrown into a state of excitement last night
by the attempt to burglarize H. C. Dalby's
residence and the serious wounding of - the
would-be burglar. Shortly before 12 o'clock
Mr. Dalby discovered a man In his house. The
intruder showed fight and Dalby shot him
twice in the abdomen with a 22-callber rifle.
The robber gave his name as James Swlnn.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
Henry E. Butler.
LONDON,. Aug. . 2S.— Henry Edmund
Butler, Viscount Mount Garrett, dJed yes
terday.' aged 84 years. .
Idaho Fusionists at Sea.
BOISE. Idaho. Aug. \ 28.— The leaders of
three silver parties have been at work all
day on the ¦- proposed • fusion. So far , no
result is announced, but it Is the Impres
sion that an arrangement will be effected.
FRESNO, Aug. 28.— The State Prohibi
tion Convention assembled here to-day,
moving from one hall to another because
of the undesirability of the first appointed
P Leroy S Atwood. State treasurer of the
party called the convention to order and
Frank J. Slbley of Los Angeles was made
chairman, with Mrs.. H. S. Toynton of
Oakland and A. C. Banta of San Jose
as -secretaries. . . -
The convention opened with an address
by the chairman, a prayer by Rev. Pratt
of Los Angeles and the singing of "Amer-
Organizatlon was perfected with com
mittees of which the chairmen are: Per
manent organization, C. L. Meracle of San
Francisco: credentials. Harmon Cook of
Pasadena; platform and resolutions,- Miss
M A Thompson of- Oakland; finance,. J.
C." Simmons of Los Angeles. /-,
PROHIBITIONISTS MEET.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 28.— There is
great excitement in British Columbia to
day over the announcement that another
big deposit of copper ore had been discov
ered on Howe Sound; near the well-known
Britannia copper properties, by men en
gaged by. Sir Charles Hibbert Tupper of
Vancouver and H. W. Treat of New York.
Sir Charles says he marvels how such a
huge deposit of copper could have es
caped notice so long. Nature has stripped
the side of a mountain of ore. exposing
the glittering treasure in a sheer bluff 35u
feet high, while powder has assisted na
ture In exposing the ore back from the
bluff another 1500 feet. Sir Hibbert and
H W. Treat unhesitatingly pronounce the
showing the biggest copper surface in the
world.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOUNTAIN OF COPPER.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 28.— A bombshell
was thrown into the Republican election
board this morning while It was canvass
ing tlie returns of last Saturday's prima
ries. D. Sutherland, a merchant, went be
fore the board and denounced the meth
ods that bad been used 'in Precinct No. 2
in this city. It appears that last Friday
lie went to Bolinas and stayed over till
Sunday. This feet did not prevent his be
ing voted in No. 2. John Ballly also made
the same complaint to the board. An in
vestigation showed that at least sixteen
similar cases existed In that precinct. The
booth was in charge of Joseph Albertl
and Mathew Canavan, an ex-Assembly
man from this county. When seen Mr.
Albert! said he knew of nothing wrong.
Mr. Canavan, however, seemed to regard
the affair as perfectly legitimate.
Special Dispatch to The Call
QUEER PRIMARIES' WORK.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.— The United
States is one of the first of the great
powers to demonstrate its good faith in
carrying out the provisions of the treaty
of The Hague, looking to the universal
arbitration of international differences.
Under this treaty each of the nations to
it was authorized to appoint four mem
bers of an international board ofarbitra-
Under this authority. President McKin
ley has requested Former Presidents Har
ison and Cleveland to accept appointments
on l this board. Responses are expected
very soon- when the remaining members
may be selected.
DELEGATES TO THE
ARBITRATION COMMISSION
THE eighteen resolute find fair
minded Republicans who
were appointed by Chairman
Bouvier to act as a return
ing board have not swerved
a hair's breadth from their
original purpose to render
equal and exact justice to all factions of
the party. The important work of the com
mittee is very nearly finished. A few wit
nesses may yet be called to afford more
light on several disputed points.
Tremendous pressure has been brought
to bear to break down the board and
transfer the important duty of canvass
ing the returns to the Kelly and Crimmins
faction. The official call for the primary
election provided that the returns from
the various polling places should be
transmitted to the headquarters of the Re
publican County Committee and there
canvassed. It is true that the defeated
and outgeneraled bosses would be pleased
to have the returns sent to the Mint Sa
loon and the credentials issued by Martin
Kelly ajid Phil Crimmins, but the pro
gramme is too raw.
Special efforts are being put forward by
the boss elements to create confusion in
the party and embarrass the board in the
work of honorably adjusting the differ
ences In local ranks. Adroit plans were
laid to Involve the State Central Com
mittee in the city controversy. Kelly and
Crimmins embraced in a Congressional j
primary scheme a proposition to nominate •
candidates for the Legislature by persons j
other than those elected as delegates un
der the auspices of the County Committee.
The motive of the boss was to compel In
terference on the part of the State Com
mittee. The scheme failed because George
In the first place it was decided that
credentials of delegates to the county con
vention are to be issued bj' the chairman
and secretary of the returning board upon
the order of the board. N T o credentials
will be issued to delegates from districts
the returns of which have not been sub
mitted to the board, even though there
may be no contest. To further facilitate
its business the returning board decided
that all credentials shall be issued by to
morrow (Thursday) night. In conse
quence election officers or district com
mitteemen who fail to take Shiels Hall re
turns to the returning board before its
adjournment to-night will Insure the ab
sence of the names of their delegates from
the temporary roll, at least, of the county
convention.
The returning board of eighteen held a
short but important meeting at the Coun
ty Central Committee headquarters last
night. It decided several questions of
prime importance with a celerity that
gives the lie to the assertions that It has
been an impotent body with neither the
Inclination nor the authority to deal with
tne questions submitted to it.
chosen to represent the Republicans of
San Francisco in the nominating conven
tions will receive their credentials attest
ed according to the call for a primary
election Issued by the Republican County
Committee. These delegates will organize
the municipai convention. Kelly and
Crimmins may introduce a bolting side
show. The bosses care nothing for Re
publican harmony and success. They
sell out to the hizheKfc bidder in every
campaign. They betrayed the Republican
party in the Budd-Estee election and
worked hand and glove with Rainey and
Phelan one year ago.
Two obscure rewspapers, one of which
was hired to revile Horace Davis and sup
port Phelan for Mayor, are trying to cre
ate the impression - that the returning
board is weak and Irresolute. The fact
that a meeting of the County Committee
Is called for next Saturday evening is in
terpreted as a sign that Kelly and Crim
mins have gained a point. The truth is
that the meeting is called for September
1 in older to obviate the necessity of hold
ing a similar meeting on September b.
Many of the committeemen desire to at
tend the State Convention at Santa Cruz
on September 5, and as the regular meet
ing of the County Committee is set for
that day an earlier meeting is ordered.
Before next Saturday the delegates
Members of the State Central Commit
tee are paying no attention whatever to
euch returns. The documents are placeo.
in a drawer as a matter of convenience,
but no official record of the receipt ot
such returns is made. It is posrfble that
the checkmated bosses will ultimately of
fer the rejected returns to the canvassing
board of the County Committee, and may
have the audacity' to request that creden
tials be issued on the face of such cooked
up and peddled around rubbish.
Stcne, chairman, and \V. M. Cutter, sec
retary of the governing body took a firm
and determined position not to interfere
In local affairs. .
The first failure did not discourage the
bosses. They tried another plan. The
second plan was an order for boss-ridden
districts to ignore the plain provisions of
the special call for the primary election
and send returns to the headquarters of
the State Committee in the Palace Hotel
after such had been "fixed" at Shiels Hall
in a manner to suit the stuffers.
REPUBLICAN RETURNING BOARD
DETERMINED TO DO ITS DUTV
DEKVER, Aug. 2S.— Twenty-seven men
vho had been employed on the Union Pa
cific Improvement work in Wyoming have
reported to the Denver police department
that th<=-y were held up by three men fif
teen miles north of Denver while riding
1n a boxcar from Cheyenne to this city.
They had Just been paid off and the rob
bers got between $CX) and $400. This is
the eecond holdup of this kind that has
occurred near Denver, and the authorities
are making efforts to apprehend the rob
bers.
UNION PACIFIC EMPLOYES
HELD UP BY ROBBERS
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 2S.— As the result
of a fire alongside of the track this morn
ing at Fountain. Mendoclno County, the
Eouth-boucd passenger train on the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway was de
layed seven hours. The track for a dis
tance cf almost four hundred yards had
to be completely rebuilt, the rails having
been twisted Into all sorts of s=han»p by
the Intense heat. It is not known how the
fire originated, but over four hundred
cords of wood and charcoal, stacked
alongside the track, were destroyed.
Traffic was resumed this evening and is
now carried on without interruption.
¦ m0
FIRE WARPS RAILS ON
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN
o T was at one of those bubbling French
dinners over ia Oakland that vivacious
|l Juila Schreiber promised to become
** Harry Crow's bride. Julia was an ar
tist's model In Hopkins' Institute, while
Harry was an unpretentious but none the
less ambitious blacksmith. He had met
Mies Schreiber at his sister's home cn
Eleventh street. San Francieco, and had
been calling on her off and on for tne past !
three months. It was on Sunday. S<-j>- :
tember £4 of last year, that the French ;
cinner took place.
Ia the midst of the clinking of wine [
plasses and the exchange of merry words
u ycur.g lady acquaintance joined the ex
ub»>rani pair.
"•¦Why don't you two get marri<*o "" she
queried jokingly, as she seated herself at
the table and eyed both young people
simultaneously.
"Oh. he doesn't dare to marrr me," Mi?s
I thought it a great joke." she said
frivolously, in relating the incident yester
day. "I smiled during the whole cere
mony, laughing out loud once or twice.
A Methodist minister married u?. I don't
recall his name. Miss Bidell was brides
maid and Will Brown was best man. We
"Is that so?" promptly replied Crow,
and then he added defiantly, "You just
say the word and you'll see whether I
dare or not." Miss Schreiber said the
word. It being Sunday there was no pos
sible way of securing a marriage license
then, but it was agreed that the tirst thing
Monday morning the license should be
procured and the ceremony was arranged
to take place at the home of a friend in
Berkeley. The next afternoon Miss
Schreiber donned her best gown and told
her mother she was going to Berkeley to
be bridesmaid for Lizzie Bidell. a friend,
and would not be home until late.
Schreibr-r replied, with a coquettish toss
of her auburn curls.
had a dinner after the wedding and then
I told Mr. Crow I would have to take the
last boat home. He came as far as the
house, where I bade him good-night. The
next day he came around, and my mother,
who had hoard of the marriage from a
neighbor, was waiting for him. She didn't
do a thing to the poor fellow. After that
we made up. but he was unable to pro
vide a home for me, go I refused to live
with him. 1 never loved him, anyway. I
am glad he is suing for a divorce. It will
save me all that trouble and expense."
Miss Schrelber was married as Miss
Julia Miller. She is 20 years old and Is
still a model at the Hopkins Institute.
She live? with her mother at 1526 Califor
nia street. Crow is much wrought up over
the affair. He considers it a pretty seri
cus joke and doesn't hesitate to say that
In his opinion marriage is a prodigious
failure. His application for a decree an
nulling his marriage to the ardent but
fickle model was filed yesterday.
DESTITUTE MINERS ARE
BROUGHT BACK FROM NOME
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 28.— The United
States army transport Lawton arrived
this evening from Nome with 220 passen
gers, two-thirds of whom are destitute
miners returned at the expense of the
Government. Rev. Sheldon Jackson, the
Interior Department representative In
northern ¦waters, came on the Lawton,
bringing with him twenty-five people em
ployed by the United States In its Alaskan
reindeer experiment. The Laplanders are
bound for Norway. About eighty Lap
landers now engaped in mining at Nome
declined to leave the country.
Dr. Jackson reports that la grippe,
pneumonia and measles have been epi
demic all summer among the Eskimos,
materially lessening their numbers. The
ravages extended from the Aleutian Isl
ands to Point Barrow. On the island of
St. Lawrence out of a population of 400
thirty-six Eskimos died. Many Indian
children were found hovering about the
dead bodies. The revenue cutter Bear
was loaded with supplies and sent to the
relief of the natives.
San Benito Republican Primaries.
HOLLISTER, Au^. 28.— At the Republi
can primary last Saturday the delegates
to the State convention were chosen as
follows; Thomas Flint Jr.. Oliver Orr
and H. G. Bacon.
There is "a movement on foot to form a
union among all the teamsters of the city.
Agents were around interviewing the men
yesterday and a meeting is to be called at
an early date for organization.
The executive committee of the Building
Trades Council held another special meet-
Ing last evening. The question of running
the eight-hour mills on Labor day was
discussed, and it was finally voted to al
low the men in these mills to work on
Labor day if they chose. They will also
be allowed to work any other day or night
that the employers may wish in order to
catch up wilh the work. The same pay
that they are now receiving for a work
day will prevail. The council listened to
th* reports of the business agents, which
were very encouraging and showed gains
for the millmen.
Andrew Wllkie, chairman of the press
committee of the Millowners' Associa
tion, was asked yesterday if the two out-,
of-town mills that the millmen have won
over to their side would have much effect
upon the present situation. "Not the
slightest," Mr. Wilkie replied. "Why, the
two together don't employ over a dozen
hands, if I am correctly informed. I
never heard of them before.
"There is no change in the situation in
so far as we are concerned. I am told
that one of the mills that conceded to the
eight-hour demand now threatens to go
back to nine hours, claiming that the
Trades Council has not lived up to its
agreement.
"I think a general strike is close at
hand. I predict that it will come within
a few days. We are waiting for it. Mr.
McCarthy threatened some time ago that
unless we gave in all the building trades
in the city would be called out, and we are
anxiously waiting the fulfillment of hia
boast."
¦\Yilliam Crocker stated that about two
thirds of the mills are now running full
time. The others can get sufficient help
to run fully equipped if they wish.
Building Trades Council
Indorses the Plan at
Special Meeting.
ALL EIGHT-HOUR
MILLS WILL RUN
NEXT LABOR DAY
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1900.
Marry Crow and Miss Julia Schreaber Pledge Troth at French Dimmer and
the Bride Declares Wedding That Followed Was a Joke.
MARRIES A PAINTER'S PRETTY MODEL
ON A DARE AND NOW SEEKS DIVORCE
DEPICTION OF A FEW "JOKES" CROW EN'JOYED AFTER HIS MARRIAGE TO
A TESTING MODEL.
5
Clark Pays $1,700,000 for the Road.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 28.— The amount
paid by Senator ."W. A: Clark | for the con-
trolling . Interest in the Terminal , Railway
Company Is authoritatively, stated: to-be
Jl,700,000.
§VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MOHMON BISHOP'S PILLS
lave been In use over fifty
S^ars by the leader* of th*
V. ,rmon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
wirst caees In old and young
arming from effects of self-
tfcuKe. £lf>elx>atlon. excesses or
ciKfcrette-pmoking. Cures Lrfjst
Mariood. Impotency. Lost
Po»'t, Night Losses. Ineom-
oia. Pa:ns In Rack. }; V I1 Desire*. Lame Back.
Nervous Drbility. He.i<Uche, Unntness to Mar-
ry. Use of Seme-n. »~. Varicocele or Con-
ptipatl-in. Stops ne *^ ( 1 rvous Twitching
of EjreUds. Effects £Z.yfL* r e immediate.
Impart visor anci*' Iil "rs» potency to every
function. Don't r<"t d^pendc-nt; a cure is at
hand. Restores pmal!. undeveloped organs.
t>vlmu!att-s the brain »r.i nerve centers; 60c a
Imx; 6 for J! M by mall, .v written guarantee to
cure or rr.oney refund with 6 boxes. Circulars
<ree. Aden's* BISHOP I.KMKDT CO.. 40 Kills
ct.. Fan Fiancisco. CaL. GRANT. DRUG CO.,
J; fccd. 40 Tilrd et.
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial rackages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of l<5st manhood that
The Ir.stituie has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write It
i.-- a home treatment, and all m^n who
Goiter from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
los-.- of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cur- themselves at home.
Tip remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to tie desired location, giving strength
and v.evelopment just where it Is needed.
It cui^s all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
tuccet.^ in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute. S2S Elektron
buildinp Fort "Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you defc re one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching: that
great clE's of men who are unable to
leave hotre to b« treated, and the free
sample Will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute rmkes no restrictions. Any man
¦who writes will be Bent a free sample,
carefully s<al»«d In a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
cmb-YraPFnunt or publicity. Readers axe
requested to vrite without delay.
SENT FREE TO MEN !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No More Dread of the Denial Cbair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND TILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAI>.\ by our ia'.*
scientific method applied to the guras. No
deep-producing agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In S«.i
Francisco having PATENTED APFL.1AXCK9
¦ nd Ingredients to extract, fill and apply soxt
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectabl* from
natural teeth, and warranted for tea rears.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIX. Full let of
teeth $5; a perfect fit iruaranteed or no pay.
Gold crewns. JS. Gold filling*. St. Silver «1'>-
lnrs. 50c. AH work done by GRADCATE DEN.
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' expertenc*. an 1
each department In charge of a specialist. Giv*
us a call, ami you will find us to do exactlr
as we advertise. We will tell you In advanr*
exactly what vour work will cost by a KR£IJ
EXA MIN'A TIOK.
fflj PLATES fSiJIfW
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAK* OFFICE PORTLAND. OR-
BRAXCH SEATTLE. WASH.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Qg£^s^p3^k Diseases anJ !
%$%>, - * Men. Estib- x,
TO :Cl$»W- Largest ' insti- I
I'/irl*" ' days q to n. I
731 Market St.. San Francisco. I
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVXGORa-
*tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of th» Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market St.. S. F-— <Send for Circular.)
F DR.P1ERCES '
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BI_OOO,HVER.LUMGS;
DR. CROSSIVIAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Ca?o of Gonorrhoea, Gleets,
Stricture!* nnl analogous complaints
of the Organs of UenerntSon.
Price SI a bottle. For sale by drugxtsts.
DR. -BENNETTS ELECTRIC BELT
Makes weak men and women strong sail
strong ¦ men and women stronger. AJress 47
POST ST.. rooms 3 and 6, Son Francisco, Cat.
can buy — to-day, per dozen QOc
Liebig's 3Ialt Extract — The genuine.
regularly $2.40 per doz.— to-day..^?/. 80
Main Floor— Rear.
Hermitage Bourbon — Spring of 1S9\
full qsart bottles— to-day 93c
Domes ic Porter — The be3t that mwy
Litguor Specials.
Otter Groceries.
Chees; — Fu'l California Craam— to-day.
2 lbs. 25c
Pepper Sauce - Heinz's, green, regularly
2£c oott'e— to-day 20c
Beach Nut Bacon— Sliced fine, in sealed
glass jars — tc-i*y 22s
Van Camp's Soups— The full assort-
ment— to-day. 3 tin* 25c
Dupont French Peas -Pet tin..../ffc
$ Specials In Toilet
£ Article Defi't.
X Perfumed Talcum Powder -Softens
£? and preserves the skin, for babies and
j^ adults, large siz3, sprinkler-top tin
boxe3, rrgu arly 10c — on Wednes- — ,
a? dpy OC
J[ Toilet Soap— A fine hard-milled Soip,
K ¦ one of our
|_ "T-^La^ best 25c per
K J\-^^h^i'v^^%^ ¦/"\^ scented in
5l \ jfc^ ¦ Jo \x* *j~ WW violet, white
If rose and
*£ white hyacinth odors — on special sale * jm
j^ to day, box of 3 cakes 1 4rC
I *
% 2Oc Hose °°'y I 2 -? vf*™
» «¦* this 'ot. Ladies
»£ SUppOrterS Fn-led E'astic Side
&* 1<&S2 Pair. H:)se Supporters,
• w ti Lindsey s pat-
£• tnt button fastener and ribbon bows —
V color* b'ack, cardinal, pink, blue and m/m
*[ oracga, regularly 20c pair— to-day.. m^rC
V now teady. Tells how to save |P™ 4QfOJtffl«»r&TEni8tf» fti^Tt* 8 ***- **"> st!n cn free exhibition in our JS
§ money. Ask for it. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. Attraction Hall. J
A clean-up purchase of all thit the |
mill had Ufc; be.it quality honeycomb !
white Bed Spreads; some of them very !
slightly imperfect; siz3 7Sx36 inches for '
very large bed; a good valus $1.35 ;
spread; to-day (Wednesday) *%O
only, each Zf&C J
1
Under muslin Spe- ¦
clals. :
Ladies' Cambric Skirts— 3 rows of ]
laca insertion an i deep edge of lace, .¦
price always $4.50 — 3pe- OK <
ci ll to-day only •
Cambric Gowns— Ladies' fine gown?,
hivd square yoke with insertions and
eige cf Medici lace, prica always
53.50 — special to-day f**% /ip*
only &£.*r9
i
75c Frames 43c. \
Wide gilt corners and easel back, as '
shown in picture,
fttS&k-tgiffi a large assort- ]
W^/. -; /.'y'7ftr vaent made np in "
llf I'ir F.emish gray, j
II I i/'ir^. * ebony and gilt (
Ji'J rv/i molding, with 1J- '
\ inch mats in tints '
<K^'«C£M, *^"~ to match the mo!-
<£2f*" "^£q ding, regularly
7oc; special vv ed-
! i
i
Torchon ( - )ur Ei3tern Lace .<
" -^ Buyer secured many <
LaCeS OG. fine bargains daring ;
his recent visit to New York. One of 1
them — 5000 yards English Torchon i
Laces, Edging3 and Insertions, all new <
it sign? and well made, ia an assortment ;
of more than 50 afferent patterns — will I
be offsred at specia' cut price to-day,
regularly 8c, 10c, lijc and 15c g- <
yard — choice Wednesday OG[
13ns are guar- /i\ ;\
anteed filled I ; -^*-\ •^'- > '¦'¦' *
with best qua!- {'^-3'^ *^/7
ity of fl:>S3 and \*/. '^Z^ -- ?>i /J
full weights. \f.fr?~^*'jfc>^
Th3 large lot k^- -;^z^ r
that we offer '
to-day includes ¦'¦ '^¦5T>-^1^^
all siz3s, and
the prices are f ul y one-qnarter Ies3 than
their real worth :
20c size, 16 inches square, to-day... 15o
3?c eiz3, IS inches fqaare, to-diy...i?i?0
40c f ?z», 2) iache3 square, to-day. ..3Oc
50c 3ize, 22 inches square, t o-day. ..37c
69c siza, 24 inche* square, to-d*y. ..45o
75c size, 26 inche3 square, to-day...6(/0
Men's fancy
Suspenders 29c.
We bought at a ridiculously low price
a large lot of Fancy Suspenders, made
from the rjinnants of different lines of
high-priced webbing3, tha odds ani en Is
of la<t season, from one of the best mak-
ers in New York City. There ia a leath-
er patch on the back whera they croa* to
strengthen them; mohair ends with
drawera supporters, slide adjusting buck-
les and patent cast-off fastener3. On
special sale Wednesday on'y, per Q
pair *... JZ&C
Safe of Link
Guff Buttons.
Oar Eistern Jewe'ry Buyer secured a
lot of 432 pairs of Plated Link Caff Bat-
tons at an absurdly low price; there are
several differ- _ r<^ /O"*
sty'ei, three
of which wa show ia illustration. They
are warranted by maker not to tarni3h;
most of them are wjrth 35c and 53c
?air, ani we are going to sell them to-
day whi'.e th3 quantity lasts + r%
i pair BOG
$1.35 Bed
Spreads 98c.
Another Big Sale,
Floss Cushions.
These Cash- \
Best Hams
m tKM 2VUra
Ol^ These are the b2st Eistern
\k ii Sigar-cured Him3 — the wel!-
y i\ likfd Emporium brand. We
/ V\ p'aced a large contract order
/ A for these hams lefore the ad-
//j$°** lo + \ V3nC3 i° prices on cured
\( u2 Ar * /\ meats — 'o-day they could not
V ' / / be b " lu S' lt at whol*sa'e for
V'/v, // our special price. Uatil clos-
Vy.y m-tin., Siturdiv night we
will sell these best hams, per «*>/-»
pound - M^ 2 G
Ribbon Sale To-Day.
An immense special purchase by our ribbon buyer, just back
from New York — Real 25c values offered for Wednesday
only at I4o a yard.
135 riece3 4j-icch A'l-Si k, Black Satin and Gro8-Gra : a Ribbon— mjw
tc-day - per yjrd M^rC
100 pieces of 3$ inch Carded Weava Fancy Ribbon, rich colorings— *jm
to-day .per yard #ttC
125 pieces of 31-inch A'l-Silk Taffeta Ribbon, ia pink, bine, navy and */.
tan— to day ptr yarJ m^rC
The bafanoe of Kingman &. Fox. 9 s Ladies 9 Shoes—eleven new, up-to-date
styles— not odds and ends, but complete lines of sixes, at about 65c on
the dollar- $1.69 to $3.35 pair. •
York and European markets during the past three months for special bargains in
winter merchandise. They have made the largest pjry.hase3 in the history of the Emporium, and
have secured the extra discounts and allowances that oig buying always give3. A large number of
short Iine3 and sample lots have been purchased at a mere fraction of their regular value.', and will
be offered in conjunction with our various sales from week to week at correspondingly low prices.
Twelve Bargain Hunters—
the big department store's twelve expert Eastern buyers — have scoured the New
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.MADE A GOLF PLAYER OF HIM.
"You have repainted your 'Man With a
Hoe?'."
"Yes.- I-'ve put a cleek'in his hand and
he looks all risht." — Chicago Record.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. D. C. Aus. 2S — J. Sey
mour of San Francisco is at the St. James.
C. W. Jenks of Los Angeles Is at the Na
tional.
Sacramento Bee.
The^ upshot of the libel suit of Charles
Williams against The Call was a verdict
of onp cent damages, awarded last week
by a jury in the United States Circuit
•Court at San Francisco. This fellow Wil
liams was "exposed by The Call as a
rascally adventurer, at a time when he
was engaged to be married to a San Fran
cisco heiress. That he had the assurance
to sue The Call, under the circumstances,
is astonishing. He asked for damages to
the amount of $255,000. and the award of
one cent shows the jury's estimate of the
injury his reputation suffered.
The Call did society a service In Its
revelation of. Williams' shady career, and
Is tfntitled to commendation.
The Bee has been the defendant In many
libel suits of a like kind, and' always came
out triumphant. Juries may be trusted
to stand by a newspaper that does its duty
in showing up frauds and impostors.
That One-Cent Verdict.
'" The city owes taxpayers $1250 and must spend $5000
to payback what it owes. This scheme certainly is a
new. way to pay old debts. '
Emperor. William, it is announced, has very serious
fears of the "yellow danger." He must be making
a study of of our saffron newspapers.
Washington authorities, it is said, are trying to de
vise some means to get our troops out of China. Per
haps it is the; same old story that it is difficult to pick
a bone and fight for it at the same time.
,, TT1P t ,' t« 1
And now Uncle Sam has another world wonder in
the battle-ship Alabama. Our neighborly nations
need not console themselves with a thought, how
ever that her remarkable speed was designed for her
to run the wrong way.
San Francisco h'as become the market place for Ger
many and Russia in the purchase of supplies for the
troops in China. The affrighting apparition of em
balmed beef appears to have been chased back into
the realms of distressing memories.
Editor The Call— As to the Grand Jury
system allow me to suggest a plan, and
if carried out it will no doubt be a god
send to this State. It is that the entire
press of this State see to it that their
candidates for the Senate and Assembl>
should pledge themselves to see that a
bill is passed at the next session in re
gard to the qualifications of a Grand
Juror, as follows:
That no person can become a member
of a Grand Jury who is related to any city
or county official, who is the bondsman of
any city or county official, who is related
to any bondsman of any city or county
official or -who is interested In any con
tract, directly or Indirectly, with the city
or county. Respectfully,
E. M. PIERCT.
San Jose, Aug. 28.
have as communications of general interest.
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published In this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may-
Grand Jury Qualifications.
James V. Coleman was reported at the
Lane Hospital yesterday to be setting
along finely. He passed through a
surgical operation last Monday.
E. B. Pond, ex-Mayor of San Francisco,
is ill at his home. 1019 California Street.
A severe cold of two weeks* deration
settled on his lungs a few days ago anil
threatened an attack of pneumonia. Mr.
Pond then went . to bed. under the ad
vice of physlclars, and he has since Im
proved. At his home last evening It T/aa
reported that he was resting easily anJ
was steadily on the mend.
Herbert S. Wilson, one of the most
prominent cotton manufacturers ot the
"Hub," is at the California. He Is ac
companied by his two sisters. Mrs. E. R.
Horton and Mrs. S. A. Floyd. Miss R.
C. Phelps Is a member of the party.
S. M. Leake and R. M. Leak*, officiate
of the Indian Government railroad, ar
rived from Calcutta on tho steamer Chin*
yesterday and are registered at the Pal
ace. They are here to. investigate the
workings' of the American railroads.
William McDermott, a capitalist of Me-
Dermott, Ohio, owner of one of the Krent
est stone quarries in the land, 13 at the
Palace. He has been on a pleasure trip
through the resorts of the southern part
of the State.
Bernard Peyton and his daughter, Eu
penie, have arrived from Carlsbaa, Ger
many, where Mr. Peyton went for his
health.
William Palmtag. a banker, and tha
most prominent winegrower of Hollister.
is registered at the California.
George Goodman Jr. of the banking
house of Goodman, at Napa, la a guest of
the Palace. r. *.• ¦'
S. A. Knapp, a well-known mining mau
of Hawthorne, Xev., Is at the Occidental.
G. W. Chandler, a well-known lumber
merchant of Santa Cruz, Is a guest of the
Lick.
B. V. Sargent, an attorney of Salinas,
is at the Occidental.
O. O. "Webber, District Attorney of So
noma.County, Is registered at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
In a local gallery this week may be seen
a number of new pictures. Including two
interesting Moorish subjects of Paul La
zerges, with the keen, brilliant, clear-cut
landscape of Northern Africa. There Is
a little landscape by A. Jacquemin. which
is also fairly interesting, a study of fo
liage against a clever bit of blue sky. P.
de Tommasy sends from Rome a charm,
ing little pastoral, a shepherd piping to a
nymph, a dainty landscape, with two
slightly stilted flgrures.
Miss Anna Frances Bribes has taken a
studio in the old Art Association build
ing on Pine street, a favorite haunt ot
artists. \
pictures of the late R. T>. Yelland will
be held some time in the early autumn
in the studio of the late artist, In East
Oakland.
Of course, the response -was immediate.
The artist was besieged by would-be stu
dents, and soon tho two studios— one for
men and one for women— were crowded
with the cleverest of the Parisian art pu
pils. But soon it was observed that the
eccentric maitre devoted an altogethei
disproportionate share of attention to the
feminine portion of his clientele, with the
result that the other Half became furious
ly jealous. Whistler, however, serenely
disregarded the rising discontent, only ac
knowledging its existence by an emphatic
statement, that the future of art was in
the hands of women— a sufficiently re
markable dictum, but probably only rep
resentative of a momentary mood. . .
Among the list of those fortunate
enouph to be admitted into the Whistler
ranks, the Californian grirls claJm an un
usual proportion. During. Mr. Whistler's,
two winters of teaching no fewer than
five Californian girls have studied with
him-'-Miss Mabel Deming of Sacra
mento, Miss Marion Holden, Miss Carrie
Rixford. Mrs. A. ¦ F. Matthews and 'Mls»
Florence Lundborg— and held their - own
there, and perhaps a little more, with the
rest of the American continBent. Mr.
Whistler did not teach last winter, but
announces a present intention of resum
ing his studio classes during the nexi
winter season. '
Miss Lundborj? has not settled down to
serious work yet; she is perhaps resting
a little on her Parisian laurels. Tht
"Rubaiyat," which this clever Californian
•has illustrated for Doxey, will
be out in the early autumn, as well as an
illustrated edition of "The Recessional."
Aaron Altman, a promising", young
San Francisco artist, has been appointed
assistant master of sketching and per
1 spectlve v at the California School - of De
sign, in place of the late R. D. Yelland.
Mr. Altman was a former pupil at the
Hopkins School, and has since studied for
four years in- the European studios.'
It is understood' that a private sale of
It appears that the distinguished Whis
tler, having exhausted most of the other
sensations in life— such small matters as
the painting of world-famous pictures,
the foundation, of the foremost school of
modern painters, the writing of books,
the conduct of newspaper correspond
ences whose irresistible insouciance
echoed through both hemispheres, and so
on — about three years ' apo decided that
all the possibilities of "The Gentle Art of
Making Enemies" had not been tested,
and*he announced his intention of taking
a few clover students into his atelier.
Miss Lundborg has much that is inter
esting to tell of the famous Whistler,
with whom she studied for a winter: of
her work In Paris and Florence and of
other Callfornian girls who are winning
laurels in tho French capital.
-y^ ISS FLORENCE LUNDBORG, re
¦ 11 cently returned from the artists*
fll Mecca, Paris, has taken a' studio
I M In the Latin quarter of San Fran
r v : >." Cisco, in the old Montgomery
block.
ART AND ARTISTS.
"These remarks do not do any good.
They do not boil the kettle. They are a
waste of words. And I notice that these
people who make these hypothetical pro
testations do not. as the widow did, give*
of the little they possess. They exempt
themselves from contributlr.K even a
farthing according to their mean3."
The Cardinal told anecdotes of great
men to Illustrate the lesson he was. en
deavoring to Inculcate. He spoke of th«
diligence, patience and persistence of
Michael Angelo, of the attention to details
paid by Isaac Newton and of the pains
bestowed upon his work by Lord Tenny
son.
The Cardinal closed his sermon with a
few words of admonition.
"Let me admonish you to begin each
day as a rational Christian man by con
secrating that day to God," h» said.
"Thus you will sanctify all the actions of
the day."
Great Men at Workers.
would give many presents and I would
endow a university. I would found a
hospital. I would make my name con
spicuous by the great works I would ac
complish.'
Christian Courtesy.
he approaches the- summit those errand
trees afford Indeed to him some shelter
from the rays of the sun, but the little
blades of grass perform a noble and more
important duty, because they give food
and refreshment to the beast of burden.
It is the little deed well done that adds
much to tne sum of human happiness.
"Those iittle acts of Christian courtesy
thai we show to one another; those little
acts of benevolence and of thought; those
kindly acts of politeness that are insep
arable from polite society— these do more
to cement together the -bonds of social and
family life than the most brilliant achieve
ment ever accomplished.
"We are too much given In this world
to do honor to those who pride them
selves on the great works they have per
formed, while we neglect and forget those
who accomplish meritorious though com
paratively small deeds. But ihat was not
the case with Christ, as was instanced in
his words to his disciples concerning: the
widow who distributed her mite at the
temple. ,
"People come to me and say: 'Cardinal.
If I were a rich man or a rich woman I
other.
There is no legal casuistry about such a decision as
that. It does not deprive Lord Rosebery of any
right to his own speeches. He can write them out
and publish them when he pleases, but he cannot take
the report that some one else has written out. The
decision is a victory for the principle that "the laborer
is worthy of his hire." If Rosebery wishes to profit
by the work which a newspaper has done and paid
for he must pay for it. He cannot^stcal it. Such is
British law, according to the House of Lords, and
those who scoff at it are more sarcastic than reason
able.
reported speech that will exclude the right of the
author of the speech to use it in any way he. chooses.
In deciding the case in favor of the Times, the Lord
Chancellor stated that no man has a right to take to
himself the work of another without paying for it.
Rosebery or any other orator can have his speeches
taken down by a stenographer and printed if he
chooses, but if he does not choose he cannot then
take the reports of some other man who has done
the reporting and the printing at his own expense.
To make a report requires skill and labor, and to
publish the result requires capital, and no man has a
right to . appropriate to himself what has been
achieved by the labor, the skill and the capital of an-
REPORTS from London are to the effect that
the recent decision of the House of Lords re
straining Lord Rosebcry from republishing
his speeches from the Times is "scoffed at as^a ridicu
lous example of legal casuistry." The scoffers have,
of course, given much less consideration to the sub
ject' than the Judges who decided it. and that is the
reason they scoff. On the face of the case the de^
cision doe's indeed appear absurd, but a moment's re
flection will, we believe, convince any one that es
sential justice has been done and that the decision is
as sound in morals as in law.
It will be remembered that the facts of the case are
these: Some time ago Lord Rosebery desired to
publish a volume of his speeches and addresses, and
entered into an agreement with a publisher named
Lane to do the work. In preparing the volume cer
tain copies of speeches were taken from the London
Times without alteration and. included in the volume.
The Times brought suit to have the publication re
strained on the ground that it would be a violation
of the Times copyright of its reports. It was claimed
by Lane that Rosebery is the author of the speeches,
that the Times reporter is not the author of them,
and that no reporter can obtain a copyright on 2
REPORTERS' COPYRIGHT.
IN a vigorous and eloquent sermon re
cently preached to a large and fashion
able congregation of summer residents
at Southampton, L. I., Gib
bons referred pointedly to the "new
woman" and the shortcomings of women
of the social set.
The Cardinal, by Inference rather than
by set words, gave his auditors to under
stand that he had no sympathy with the
woman advocates of woman's rights.
"The Holy Spirit In the Old Testament,"
he said, "pays a beautiful and well-mer
ited tribute to woman and to woman's po
sition in society. 'Who shall find a val
iant woman?' say the Scriptures, indicat
ing that woman should be found attend
ing to her domestic duties rather than
mingling in the strife of the world.
"What is it the Holy Spirit commands in.
woman?
"Does he admire her because of her
social triumphs; because she is a brilliant
leader in society?
"Does he commend her because she is
an advocate of certain so-called female
privileges?
"Does he commend her because she goes
about from place to place, ascending here
a rostrum and there a rostrum, and ad
vocating the rights and privileges of
women? \.
The Ideal Woman.
"Not at all. The Holy Spirit does aver
that she is simply a loving wife, an ef
fectionate mother, a benevolent mistress
to the members of her. household; as the
guardian of the domestic arrangements
she is ever faithful; she looks well to the
requirements of her household, and she
does not eat her meat in Idleness. She at
tends to the little things of this life, and
she does them well.
"He had done all things well," said Car
dinal Gibbons In commencing his sermon.
"The multitude came to our dear Saviour
and they praised him not because of the
great exploits he had accomplished as the
conqueror of men, but because he did all
things well for the glory of his Father
and , the welfare of humanity, small as
well as great.
The Small Things of Life.
"I propose to make a special plea in be
half of the small things of life. I hold that
our sanctiflcation here and our salvation
hereafter do not depend upon the accom
plishment of great achievements, but
rather upon the faithful, diligent per
formance of the commonplace daily duties
of our life— our public and domestic duty,
the manner in which we go about our
daily avocations, the attitude we main
tain, in society, our conversation one to
another, and the way in which we conduct
ourselves during the recreation which we
are enjoying here in this beautiful world.
"I hold it as an axiom that we can
sanctify all this work. It matters not to
God whether we are a kins or a clown
on the stage of life; the great object is to
fill faithfully the post to which God has
assigned us.
Rank and File in War.
"How many- a brave Briton and Boer
sheds his blood nnd goes down to his
grave in South Africa unwept, unhon
ored and unsung! Yet it is the rank and
file that accomplish the victories for
•which generate receive the praise.
"When the traveler has approached
Mount Lebanon, in Syria, and beheld in
admiration in the distance those tall, ma
jestic cedars that crown that mount he
pays no attention at all to the crass that
has grown around those trees. True, when
CABDINAIi GIBBONS PREACHING.
WHO WAS LINCOLN?
THE current knowledge of the men of his time
and history should have quite thoroughly
established (he position of Lincoln in American
politics.
He announced the irrepressible conflict between
freedom and slavery and was one of the founders and
leaders of the Republican party, opposed to the Dem
ocracy. He was the Republican nominee for the
Presidency in i860 and was elected. The Democracy
split and ran two candidates against him, Douglass
and Breckinridgc. Of the popular vote Lincoln had
1,866,352, Douglass 1,375.157 and Breckinridge 845,
763; Bell, the silver-gray Whig, had 589,581. Lincoln
had a plurality of 491,195 votes over his highest
Democratic opponent and in a total electoral vote of
303 had 180. Douglass 12, Breckinridge 72, Bell 39.
In iFfo, in accepting his first nomination to Con
gress, Mr. Blaine said: "In the election of 1856 the
opponents of the Democracy were divided. But this
year, in the good providence of God, the division
comes in the Democracy itself, and we can felicitate
ourselves that the strife bctween^Mr. Douglass and
Mr. Brcckinridge will in all probability give the elec
tion to the Republicans of the United States and that
Abraham Lincoln, if he lives, will be the next Presi
dent."
In 1864 Lincoln was opposed to the Democracy,
which denounced the conduct of the war and rallied
under McCIellan, and shortly after his inauguration he
was assassinated. The line of demarcation between
Republicanism and Democracy had one of its latest
illustrations in a Democratic doorkeeper of a Demo
cratic House of Representatives in Washington, who
named his boy John Wilkes Booth in honor of the
assassin of Lincoln.
All this history and reminiscence seems necessary
to recall to the country the personality of Lincoln and
his relation lo the principles for which he stood.
Colonel Bryan is letting him up in the temple of
Democracy as one of the worthies of that party and
the results come pretty near to being amusing. The
State convention of the Iowa Democracy was held ten
days ago. The speech, called a great speech, which
put life and mettle into that convention, was made by
its chairman. Mr. Deimon. Mr. Denison handles the
tongue of a ready speaker. He was lurid, perfervid, pro
lific, prophetic and reminiscent. The temperature in
his vicinity must have raised a number of degrees, but
it the genius of history were present she must have
nearly swallowed her quill pen in astonishment.
Mr. Denison said: "From the ranks of the Dem
ocracy in time of need came the leaders who stood
against privilege and against aggression upon the
rights of the people — Jefferson. Jackson and Lincoln.
Now when defiant Republicanism attempts to annul
the declaration and make the constitution but a char
ter of trade: when the ensign that has stood for free
dom from the days of George III down to the days of
McKinley — when this ensign is made the symbol of
subjection, the pennant of polygamy and the flag of
force, then again the times demand a man. And again
the .Democracy, that furnished a Jefferson, that pro
vided a Jackson, that produced a Lincoln, comes for
ward with a man."
Of course, this new man completing Mr. Deni
son's Democratic quartet is Colonel Bryan.
It now remains for some Bryanic orator to de
nounce Jeff Davis as the founder of the Republican
party, prove that Mark Hanna assassinated Lincoln,
that Grant led the disunion forces and that Lee de
feated him at Appomattox and restored the Union,
nnd the perversion of history will be complete and
the diversion of the public without a flaw! In his
second message to Congress, Lincoln said, "We
cannot escape history." but Colonel Bryan seems to
think differently and Mr. Denison is radically of the
same opinion.
The cold and sober truth is that every charge of
tyranny and imperialism mada now against President
McKinley by Colonel Bryan was made against Lin
coln by the Democracy. Men who were yet living
and supporting Bryan in 1896 declared in 1864 that
Lincoln's re-election would usher in the empire.
We venture therefore to re-emboss the pages of his
tory^on which the public life of Lincoln is written and
venture to deny that he was the Democratic candidate
for the Presidency in jS6o and 1864.
MORE FOREST FIRES.
YESTERDAY'S dispatches from Lo> Angeles
announced that ten square miles in the San Ga
briel reserve had been swept over hy a forest
fire and that the flames were still raging at the time
the latest report was received. Here then is another
of those disastrous lessons which in time will teach
Californians that a neglect of forest preservation is
one of the worst follies of which a commonwealth can
be guilty.
The question is. how long will it be before the peo
ple learn wisdom from the lessons? For years past
it has been evident to all intelligent persons that the
annual loss to the State by fires in the woods or the
fields is far in excess of what it would cost to provide
a system of protection which, if not wholly prevent
ing the outbreak of such fires, would at least render
them less frequent "i.nd less destructive. Notwith
standing that knowledge, hardly anything has bee;i
done to guard against the annually recurring loss. It
is as if the people had made up their minds neither to
heed the lesson themselves nor to listen to those who
have heeded it, no matter what their stubbornness
cost them.
We are now about to elect a Legislature to assem
ble this winter. Would it not be worth while for in
telligent men in all parts of the State to impress upon
the candidates of each party the importance of pro
viding for forestry laws at once and to obtain from
each of them a pledge that if elected he will do what
lie can to promote the desired legislation at the com
ing session?
Of all the States in the Union. California is per
haps the chief sufferer by forest fires. It is not that
?uch fires arc more common here than elsewhere, or
that they sweep over wider areas, but that the rela
tions of our forests to the mountains and the valleys
znd to the \vater courses of the State are more im
portant than in any other district of similar extent in
the country. If the mountains and the higher hills be
denuded of the forests hardly any portion of Cali
fornia will be capable of supporting a population suf
ficiently numerous to maintain a high degree of civili
zation. Our forests are vital not only to our pros
perity but to our existence.
If the changes which our water courses have already
undergone are not sufficient to show the trend 04.
things resulting from the destruction of forests, a
complete lesson on the subject can be found by even
the most casual study of what has taken place in the
Old World. Some of the regions which in former
times were the richest and most capable of supporting
human life in the highest degree of civilization arc
now so poor as to be veritable deserts. Nor is there
any doubt that the change from wealth to wretched
ness among the inhabitants of those districts has been
due almost wholly to the destruction of the forests,
which in old times clothed the hills and acted as
natural reservoirs of the streams.
Sooner or later California will have to adopt a com
prehensive system of forest protection and every year
of delay is an economic blunder of the most costly
kind. If we do not 2Ct promptly to save the woods
we have it will not be long before we shall have to
enter upon a highly expensive and slow system of re
foresting the bare hills. It is cheaper and better to
save what we have than to waste the rich stores of to
day and then toil for a century to partially replace
them.
The issue is before the people. The object lessons
are multiplying fast. Not a week passes without
some such record as that which has just been received
from Los Angeles. Forest protection, therefore,
should be made an issue in the State campaign. Let
us send to Sacramento this winter a body of men
pledged to make a beginning at least in the work of
providing a scientific and adequate system of forest
and water preservation.
THE SOUTH AFRICAN STRUGGLE.
ONXE more Lord Roberts has cheered the Brit
ish public with the announcement that he has
one of the chief armies of the Boers cornered
so that it cannot escape. This time it is Botha who
is supposed to be surrounded and Buller and Pole-
Carcw are the British commanders who have the task
of crushing him. Perhaps the sanguine expectations
of Roberts may this time be realized, but it will be
remembered that last week Dewet was believed to be
surrounded, but managed to get away, and Botha may
have an equal skill in dodging his foes.
It has been a military marvel that the Boer com
manders have held out so long against the over
whelming forces against them. They are pursued by
half a dozen armies, each larger than their own.
When one British force is wearied another takes up
the- pursuit, but the Boers have no relief. Their
marching and fighting are incessant and nothing but a
patriotism of the firmest and most inspiring order
could uphold them so long in a struggle against their
powerful foes.
Even the British have recognized the skill and the
valor of their opponents and some among them have
openly acknowledged the merit of the Boers and
their leaders. The w:ir correspondent of the London
Telegraph, for example, recently said of Dewet:
"Rundle, Hunter and Methucn are chasing him for
three months; he has held the former at bay. Thirty
thousand men are watching, for him on the borders of
Natal; he has swooped on the lines of communica
tion, and apparently, with a paltry 7000 men, is keep
ing them all busy. A whole battalion of yeomanry,
a regiment of militia and warm clothing for his whole
army have been captured. Honor to whom honor is
due, and the first time an English cavalry leader, act
ing under the same conditions as now surround De
wet, captures 1000 men, half of them cavalry; breaks
up lines of communication and plays general Old
Harry with a force of something very near 80,000
men. then I shall speak of him in terms of approba
tion."
' Dcwet's 7000 meh have been scattered. At the
latest reports he had buried his artillery, divided his
force into small bands and taken to the hills. Botha,
it appears, is cornered. So the long struggle seems
to be nearing the end at last. It began with the Boer
ultimatum delivered last October and has, therefore,
been going on for nearly a. year. Buller expected to
eat his Christmas dinner last year as a conqueror in
Pretoria. He will do well if he has the satisfaction of
eating it in peace this year. Should he do so it will
not be a matter of much glory for him. He will have
to look back upon a year of struggle which, if it has
not staggered humanity, has at least cost Great Brit
ain dearly. By the War Office summary, issued at
the end of July, the British casualties for the war
amounted to 2731 killed in action, 732 died of wounds,
4867 died of diseases, 85 .died in captivity and there
Recent news from South Africa has the old familiar
tone which first characterized the story of events in
the war between the Boers and the British. General
Buller has been trapped again by his clever enemy.
The blindness of organizations and men engaged in
the stock business in opposing this policy is one of the
vexatious problems of the West. They can abso
lutely dictate the salvation of the ranges and the
permanency of their own business, if they will, and to
refrain means their own impoverishment and the de
struction of one great source of national wealth.
The leasing policy is being forced by natural condi
tions and must prevail if the whole range business is
not to see a speedy end. The conditions of this sum
mer in Arizona, Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, Montana
and Eastern Oregon should impress the dullest ob;
server and overawe the most persistent demagogue.
If not, the meat food and hide supply of the country
is about to suffer an impairment so severe as to tax
unduly millions of our own consumers and stop a
profitable export trade to the consumers of other
countries, who are. our customers.
The lesson is a severe one, but if taken to heart all
the loss will not be -without its benefits. These semi
arid ranges should be used in common no more.
They should b'c v leased to those who use them, under
enforced conditions that will restore the lost forage,
give to the land the protection of vegetable cover
p.rtd roots to conserve its moisture and restore the
only and best use of which it is capable.
The devastated ranges were fine, in their primitive
condition, and if protected against overfeeding, would
still be in full vigor. The moisture would not have
been lost and the springs, now dry, would be af
fluent.
These starved sheep are offered at $1 per head,
but are not worth it, because no feed is in sight to
keep them alive and put them in condition for win
tering.
To get what feed there was the free range has been
grossly overcrowded and now there is nothing left.
It is the story of the Riviere des Chutes of Southern
Utah and the Tonto Basin of Arizona over again.
Wyoming sheep by thousands are too poor to go on
winter range, and should first be fed hay, but where
the hay is to come from no flockmaster knows. - The
loss is expected to reach 25 per cent, and as the herders
are inclined to minimize the" evil* it is probable that
it will be nearer 50 per cent.
rEEDING to the destruction of feed in Wyom
ing has produced its natural result. The de
crease in moisture which has followed is finish
ing the destruction of some of the finest ranges that
ever existed. The soil being laid bare, what moisture
falls runs off quickly or rapidly evaporates and stock
is left without support.
DRY RANGE IN -WYOMING.
WEDNESDAY AUGUST 29, 1900
JOHN, D. SPRECKELS, Pf0 ?™*°*-
Address A!! Communications *.o W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE -j^j^'^-J^}^^^ZS5^LS^t
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .Mnrket nnd Third, 9. F.
Trlrphoae X'rt-ns 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2»~ <» 2=1 SteTemo« St.
Trlcplionr Pre*« =03.
Delivered *»t Carrier*. 13 Crvtn Per Week.
Sfncle Coplrd. ft Cent*.
Tec-mo bT Mall. Inolndlncr Poitacel
VAXLTT CALL. Oneludlnr Sunday), me yew I«-W
DAILY CALL. (Include* Sunday), e monthi t.09
DAILY CALL Uncluflinc Eurday). S mcattf 1-M
DAILT CALL— Bv 31n c le Month «5c
BUKDAT CALL On* "S>ar J-SO
¦WEEKLT CALL. One Tfir Lw
All postmasters are nnthorlEed to recelre
subscriptions.
Easplc ocpie* will be fcr»a:->l when rvqaeited.
l!s!l «ub»CTlber» In cra^rtng rliarre cf address rhodd b*
f^rticu'.ar to Ki*e both NEW AXD OLD AMDHF.SS In cr3»r
to ln»ur» a prompt *nd correct coir.pi'.ance with their re<iUMi.
uiKl.l\n OFFICE.... 111S Broadway
GEORGE C KROGNESS,
Manager Fotegn Advertising, Warque'te Building. Chicago.
<Lobc DltUace Telephone "Central MU"t
NEW TORK CCr.RESPONDENT:
C C. CARITON Heraid Square
Nirw TORK KEFREEZSTATrVE
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
KEW TOKK NEWS STAKDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brent a nc. SI Unloo Square:
Murray BUI BoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcennan Bouse: P. O. Newt Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Pramont Hcum; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON ;D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hctel
MORTON t. CRANE. C?rre5pD-.d?r.t.
KHAA'CK OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:S0 o'clock. 310 Haye.«. open until 9:30 o'clock. C3J
McAllister, optri until 9:30 o'clock, flo Larkln, open until
»:S0 ©"clock, r-41 Mission, open until 30 o'clock. 2261 Market,
comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C^« Valencia, open
until » oVloc-k. :cc nievonth. open until 1 o'clock. NW cor
cer Twenty-second and Kentucky, nt.on until 9 o'clock.
Gives Some Sound Advice on the Aims of Life With Illustrations
From Careers of Great Men.
CARDINAL GIBBONS PREACHES ON
FOIBLES OF FASHIONABLE WOMEN
Nor, despite the sanguine tone of Roberts' latest
dispatch, is it certain that the end is yet in sight.
Neither Dewet, J Botha nor Kruger is going to be
caught in a trap like Cronje. They have the freedom
of the mountains and the vast plains for the exercise
of their strategy and the British will have to ride hard,
ride fast and ride long before they have the satisfac
tion of knowing that the last Boer commando has
been captured and the flag of the Transvaal has dis
appeared from South Africa and the world.
were 72 accidental deaths, making a total of §487-
VVhen to those are added the numbers of killed since
"that report was issued and the number that have died
or will die of wounds and disease, the total loss will
be a ghastly proof of the fighting capacity of the
Boers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY^ AUGUST 29, 1900.
6
Cal. glace fruit 60c per tt> at Tovrnsend's*
AMUSEJM-EICTS.
Columbia— "The Only Way."
Orj-brum— Vaudeville. •
Grand Oprra-hou«p— "The Pilver King. '
Tlvoli— "The Masked Ball."
Alcazar — "Frou F"rou."
Olympla, corner Mai">a and E<5iy street^-Ppecialtlcs.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venlnfi.
Kiccher's — Vaudeville.
Aka Theater. Grove «. — "East Uynrse."
Shfnr.an-Clay Hall— Pal^ma S<hramm, tills afternoon.
Sutro Eaifcs— Open ni;hts.
Tain's Fireworks— Folsom ar.d Sixteenth streets, Saturday.
Eej-tercber 1.
Excursion to Monterey— Sunday. P»rtemb»r 2.
State Fair. Sacramento— September 3 to 15.
• AUCTION SAXES.
Occidental Hors" Exchar.pe— Monday, September 3, at 11
c'clock. Horfpp. at 711 Howard street.
Special Information supplied dally to
business honses and public men by th»
PTess Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. &1& Mont-
gomery at. Telephone Main lv'tl *upon the rarest powers of draughtsman
ship.
. The fortunes of time have so scattered
the works of the various schools that it
is necessary to visit almost every country
in Kurope to see the full manifestation*
of ita complex art. Of the quality of
Dutch and Flemish art one can learn
most in Holland and Belgium, naturally,
but the German galleries contain numer
ous striking examples of these school.-*
which demand attention. For instance,
one finds nowhere a better representation
of Teniers than in the Munich gallery.
And whereas acquaintance with Rem
brandt In Holland is made cblffly through
his large compositions, like "The Night
Watch" and "The Anatomical Lecture."
as a portrait painter he can dp studied to
equal advantage at least in Germany. A
tine example of his power as a master of
light and shade Is the portrait of himself
in the Munich gallery, painted when he
was about 60 years o!d. The richest gal
lery In Germany in Rembrandt's portraits,
however. Is that of Dresden. Here Is hi*
picture of himself as a bridegroom, with
Saskia. his bride, sitting on his knee\ It
I was the fashion for artists In his time tr>
I celebrate their wedriings hy painting
I themselves and their wives together, and
VI.
(Continued.)
The German galleries are rich in Italian
pictures generally. A very famous worn
belonging to the Dresden gallery is the
"Reading Magdalen," for many years
ascribed to Correprgio, but now believed
by experts to be the work of Allori. a later
rainter of the Florentine school. The sub
ject of this penitent in the desert, accom
panied by improving: literature and human
skulls, has bren a favorite with many of
the older painters. She is commonly shown
in tears, but here she seems to be entirely
cheerful and serene. The flesh tones are
pale and greenish, not at all like Correg
gio's, and the picture is painted on copper,
which is said never to have been used for
paintings until at least half a century
after Correggio's time. Much more char
acteristic of Corieggio is the famous pict
ure of the nativity in Dresden usually
known as "The Night." In light and shade
the painter appears here in his best vein,
the illumination of the whole field, by a
beautiful touch of imagination, appearing
u
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton.
FAMOUS /%F*T GALLERIES Of THE WORI-O.
THE ART GALLERIES OF GERMANY
THE CHINA AND CURACAO ARRIVING AND THE PERU DEPARTING.
RUBENS.
(From the original picture by himself.)
The place of honor at a Chinese banquet
Is at the host's left hand,
Emma Deutcher, a well known virago,
attempted to break a window in the Grand
Hotel yesterday afternoon. She was drunk
and boisterous, and President Newhall of
the Police Board attempted to quiet her.
She became abusive and he ordered Po
liceman Ross to arrest her.' The presi
dent waited till the patrol wasron arrived
and accompanied it to the City Prison.
He waited till Emma was booked for dis
turbing the peace and then left.
President NewhalPs Capture.
Infantry and Hospital Corps to Sail
This Week on Rosecrans and *
Logan.
" By Saturday all the troops at present
in camp at the Presidio will be on their
way to Manila. The Rosecrans. wh!ch
leaves Thursday, will carry the two lijsrht
batteries, a number of doctors and 101)
hospital corps privates. On the I»sran.
which departs Saturday, will sail two
battalions of the First Infantry, with
headquarters and band, and one battalion
of the Second Infantry, with headquar
ters and band. Each transport will have
as passengers a number of civilians who
go to the Philippines to act as clerks In
the various departments of the army.
« There 1st at present at the Presidio,
destined for foreign service. 696 recruits,
the largest number at the Presidio for
some time.
The transport Grant left Manila on th«
25th inst. She has on board 300 sick and
wounded.
The 20") mules held at Reno by Nevada
health officials owing to sickness among
the teamsters arrived at the Presidio
yesterday. The two men who were Rick
were sent to the post hospital, where it
was found that they were suffering from
tonsllltls.
SOLDIERS AT PRESIDIO
READY FOR DEPARTURE
Mr. S. T. Davis Jr., son-in-law of A. L.
Barber of the Barber Asphalt Co.. is vice
president;" A. L. Barber is one of the di
rectors; L. . N. ¦ Breed, the well-known re
tired-Los Angeles banker, is' treasurer,
and Mr. . Arthur W. Robinson is secre
tary of the Locomobile Company of the
Pacific. .
The Locomobile Company of America
has a large Interest in the recently form
ed Pacific corporation, of which Chas. C.
Moore of this city 13 president, the bal
ance of the stock being held by well
known San. Francisco and Los Angeles
parties.
The company, as a starter, will put
$100,000 cash in the business, and the finan
cial matters have been arranged for the
furnishing of as much more as the busi
ness requires.
The great attention being given to self
propelling vehicles has naturally brought
the pleasure vehicle into prominence first,
although the Locomobile Company of tho
Pacific expects. that the freighting busi
ness will be immensely larger In volume
than pleasure "vehicle business possibly
can be.
In England especially marked progress
has been made in the line of steam-driven
trucks for handling heavy freight, and
undoubtedly the Introduction of steam
freight vehicles in this country will do
more toward the improvement of country
roads than all preceding influences com
bined. . x. ,.,,, .
The Locomobile Company of the Pacific,
which has recently been formed, has pur
chased from the Locomobile Ccimpany of
Americy all the rights, franchises and
privileges connected with the exclusive
handling and sale of the celebrated "Lo
comobile." The parent company la the
Locomobile Company of America, which
is owned by the principal stockholders of
the Barber Asphalt Co.
Capital.
An Automobile Company With Ample
NEW INCORPORATION.
YOU PAY VERY
LITTLE MONEY
• -
But You Get Handsome Returns.
The early autumn excursion to Del
Monte and Pacific Grove takes place next
Sunday. It is doubtful If a trip could be
planned anywhere In the world of simi
lar length that affords so much interest,
pleasure and benefit as this; and it only
costs ?2. The train leaves Third and
Townsend streets at S a. m., and gives
five hours at the resort. -
Lady Yarde-Buller's ; Trustee.
Mme. L». de Lellah K. Blair Tarde-Bul
ler's estate is in the hands of a new trus
tee. The resignation of Ernest H. Wake
man, as requested I by Lady . Yarde-Buller.
was ' accepted ¦ by Judge Bahrs yesterday.
William A. : Chapman was appointed trus
tee in his etead and a ¦ transfer of ths
trust 'properties was confirmed by the
court. - . . • ¦ > ¦ i;
STEVEDORE HEINRICHS
H IS INSTANTLY KILLED
His Head Is Caught by a Coal Ele
vator; on Board the . , •
Mariposa.
Peter Heinrichs, a stevedore, was the
victim of a fearful accident yesterday
morning, on board the steamship' Mari
posa. He was working. on the orlop deck
shoveling coal with M. Preitas, John
Grace.T.Stahlberfi: and others. The coal
•is raised on two elevators operated by a
donkey engine on the: dock. Stahlberg's
turn came to go on deck to rest a while
and breathe the fresh air. and he stepped
on the platform and gave the signal to
rise. "
As- tho elevator, darted upward Hein
richs thrust his head into the shaft to
look up, a*d Stahlberg shouted to him t6
get^out of the way. -Heinrichs did not
heed the warning quickly enough, and the
edge of the ascending • platform struck
him on, the chin, crushing his head against
an iron girder. He was instantly killed.
Heinrichs was 52 years old, a native of
Germany, and resided with his wife and
two children at 33SB Harriet street "
"'Nobody isblamed for the accident.
David Davis Acquitted.
David Davis, who was charged with
burglary said to have been committed ! at
242 i Sixth street, was ' acquitted by a Jury
in Judge- Cook's court yesterday.
As with the Italian masters, so in a still
greater degree is it with those of Spain—
the German galleries give us an introduc
tion to them merely, for full acquaintance
is to be obtained only in their own coun
try. Of a certain class of Murillo's works
we can gain knowledge here— his early
pictures of street life. The Munich Gal
lery has a unique group of these works.
The most familiar example depicts two
beggar boys playing at dice, with another
toy and a dog near by. and in the fore
ground a basket of fruit. These works
are realistic, clever and popular, but they
represent Murillo in a field which he aban
doned entirely when his higher powers
were awakened. The touch of nature,
however, in these early works is unques
tionably that which makes them so widely
admired by the populace. To Velasquez,
the greatest of Spanish artists, the Ber
lin Gallery gives us a pleasant introduc
tion through the remarkable portrait of
Alexander del Borro. To artists this
work is especially interesting, owing to
the peculiarity of its lighting and for its
skillful foreshortening, for it was painted
to be seen from below, and the proper de
lineation of its proportions made demands
«.
to proceed from the figure of the Infant
Christ, brightly shining upon the faces
near it and shading delicately off into the
landscape, in whose calm twilight seems
to appear the foreshadowing of the new
sun that is Just rising above the world.
Titian is very well represented in Ger
many, especially in the Dresden gallery.
One must visit Italy to see him in his
greatest works, but there are several of
his easel paintings in Germany that call
for attention. His painting of Mary Mag
dalene, with SS. Jerome and Paul before
the Virgin, child and John the Baptist, is
a description of moral thought rather
than material fact, and presents the idea
of the heavenly mercy that awaits the
repentant sinner. The expression of the
Virgin's face is particularly admired.* 1
have heard it spoken of as the embodi
ment of all feminine charm. The Dresden
gallery is rich in another class of works
In which Titian surpassed all painters — de
scriptions of the female form, to which
classical titles were given, but which in
fact were splendid studies of the nude.
The ability to paint the human form is
universally recognized as the greatest
technical endowment that a painter can
possess. Besides the wonderful perfection
of skill shown in these works, they might
be called a liberal education in this do
main of art. The dignity, beauty, spon
taneity and purity of these works are in
describable.
this Jovial canvas is Rembrandt's contri
bution to the collection. He appears never
to have wearied of painting hia youns
wife, whom death took from him after
eight years of rare happiness. Here also
is the earliest known portrait of her.
painted in 1633, a year before the mar
riage, and probably at about the time of
Rembrandt's first acquaintance with her.
But the most beautiful of all the por
traits of Saskla Is that in which she is
seen holding out a pink in her extended
hand. She stands In full, fair light, wear
ing tip>x her face an expression at once
sweet and sad. as if a hint had come to
her cf the death that wa3 to befall her a
few months later. Still another llkenes.4
of her Is interesting a3 having been
painted two years after her death, from
memory, no doubt. This \s in the Berlin
gallery, and is accounted one of Rem
brandt's best female heads. As with
Rembrandt, so with Van Dyck. one must
visit the German galleries to see many of
his best portraits. A notable example of
his work is the group in the Berlin gal
lery representing the children of the Ill
fated King Charles I of England. Th»
figure with the hand above the dog's head
is that of the boy who became afterward
Charles II: the boy at the right, who
looks like a girl In long clothes, became
James II. and beside him is Mary, who
became the mother of King William.
Hardly any other master makes so
strong a representation In the German
galleries as Rubens. His "Arab Lion
Hunt" in the Munich gallery is one of
the most vigorous animal paintings in
the world, beyond compare in action,
drawing and color. It is a terrible pic
ture; a scene of blood, savagery, agony
and confusion. It is painted with such
ease and mastery that it exhibits abso
lutely no sense of effort. It was painted
when the artist was at the zenith of ais
powers, in his forty-second year. Rubens'
"Last Judgment." or. as it is sometimes
called. "Fall of the Damned." also in the
Munich gallery, where there Is a whMe
roomful of his works, equals the wildest
action of Tintoretto or the majestic power
of Michael Angelo. Imagination indulges
the most lawless flights and description
strains its utmost power. Weighted by
sin. pursued by condemnation from oh
high, the fall of the lost from the heights
of heaven to the lowest depths of hell i*
pictured with irresistible and overwhelm
ing dramatic force. No work in the world
makes a more amazing display of
draughtsmanship.
Note— This study by William Ho wo
IVjwnes of Boston -will be concluded on
Wednesday next.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Mail Boat China Arrives
From the Orient and Is
Quarantined.
Curacao Arrives From Mexico and
Peru Sails for Panama— They Car
ried Many Passengers and
Much Cargo.
The Pacific Mall steamer
China from the Orient and the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company's Curacao from
Mexico came in through the Golden Gate
The resolution requiring the Presidio
and Ferries Railroad Company to set back
at its own expense, temporarily for four
feet, the south curb of Union street, be
tween Hyde and Larkin streets, and to
pave the strip with basalt blocks, provided
that upon rebuilding its roadbed it shall
remove its tracks to the center line of the
street and restore the above mentioned
strip to the sidewalk in front of ¦ Mrs.
Reynolds* premises, was laid over for one
week. Secretary Laton of the company
claimed that to move the rails to the cen
ter of the street now would cost $20,000.
as the road would have to be stopped for
months. On motion of Supervisor McCar
thy the City Engineer was directed to as
certain the estimated cost of the contem
plated change. .
C. E. Heegard petitioned the board to
improve the block on Twentieth street, be
tween Howard and Folsom, which
he says, is one of the main residence
blocks in the Mission and is allowed to
remain In a most disgraceful condition.
A resolution was adopted requesting the
City Attorney to give his opinion as to the
legality of a resolution adopted by a
former Board of Supervisors on November
28, 1892, declaring Its intention to close up
certain streets enumerated, lying south ot
Channel street, In Mission Bay district,
and also as to the validity of the ordei
adopted on the same date overruling ob
jections to and vacating the streets men
tioned. The board desires to know if the
action taken was in conformity with the
act of the Legislature providing for clos
ing up, in whole or in part, any street,
and what action, if any, can be taken by
the board if deemed necessary to open the
streets as originally laid out.
The streets were closed upon the writ
ten promise of, the Southern Pacific Com
pany to make certain improvements in the
inclosed territory, which promise. It has
been alleged, has not been carried out.
In order to prevent delay the Board -of
Public Works was authorized to make an
expenditure of $10,000 for the construction
of an earth fill and a concrete and brick
culvert at the crossing of Nineteenth ave
nue and Trocadero Gulch, including the
macadamizing of Nineteenth avenue: also
to expend $7000 for removing the cobbles
from and repavlng Main street, between
Mission and Howard streets: also to ex
pend $1720 for the construction of twelve
storm water inlets and fourteen catch
basins on Mission street, between Naglee
avenue and Crescent avenue, and on Ama
zon street. ¦ '
A petition was filed by residents and
property owners asking that a part of the
appropriation of $10,000 to improve San
Bruno road, between Fifteenth avenue
and the Six-Mile House, be used for the
repair of the road from Twenty-fifth
street to Fifteenth avenue, it being repre
sented that it is in a deplorable condi
tion.
It was further resolved that Superin
tendent Osborne be notified that the city
and county will not be .responsible here
after for the maintenance and care of the
following named inmates: Daniel Henry
and Sarah Franklin. Ella J. Woodman.
Fannie Kauffman, Bessie Whear, Fritz
Hackmeier, Fred Jennings, Charles Quinn,
Lucy Quinn and C. Romer, whose guard
ians have stated they would provide for
them.
There are a number of persons In the Cali
fornia Home for Feeble-Minded Children who
are maintained at the expense of this city and
county whose parents . or guardians can af
ford to pay for their maintenance; and there
la a number ot persons In said home whose
parents or guardians are unknown to the
superintendent, and the board has no Informa
tion that they are unable to pay for their main
tenance; and the appropriation set aside for
this fiscal year for maintaining inmates In the
home, the expense of which Is chareeable to
this city and county. Is Inadequate to meet
the demands.
The preamble of the resolution reads:
A resolution was introduced by Super
visor Connor at yesterday's meeting of
the board providing that thy Judges of the
Superior Court be requested to subpena
witnesses to testify as to the ability of
the parents or guardians of a large num
ber of persons cemmitted to the California
Home for the Care and Training of Fee
ble-Minded Children to pay for the main
tenance of their wards. The resolution
was amended providing that should the
Judges refuse to act a committee of the
board be empowered to take up the In
vestigation.
Right of Supervisors to Reopen
Streets South of Mission
Channel.
City Attorney Asked to Determine
Ability of Guardians to
Maintain Them to Be
Ascertained.
FEEBLE-MINDED
CHILDREN UNDER
INVESTIGATION
The steamer Manauense has been char
tered to carry coal from Comox B C
to Skaguay. She will make half a dozen
trips and will be gone from San Fran
cisco for several months. The much
talked-about steamer is proving herself
to be one of the handiest vessels on the
coast. "
Commodore Leale. who is in charge of
the great parade scheduled for September
S, will issue a list of assignments to ves
sels the latter part of this week. The
steamer Caroline will go over the course
that all vessels in the parade will follow
and on her will be as many captains as
can get away from their duties. In this
way all the commanders of vessels will
get a good idea of Captain Leale's plans.
The following circular has been sent to
every shipmaster In port:
You are cordially invited to participate
with us, the naval parade committee, in
making the semi-centennial celebration of
the admission of California one of the
grandest in its history.
We -would a"sk that you decorate your
vessel on Saturday evening, September 3,
in the best possible manner, as prizes are
offered as follows: ¦
For the first best decorated vessel the
sum of $60 and one 20-foot bear flag.
For the second best decorated vessel the
sum of $50 and one 20-foot bear flag. ~
For the third best decorated -vessel the
sum of ?40 and one 20-foot bear flag.
We will furnish you free of cost all the
Japanese lanterns you may desire with
candles for the same. Said lanterns and
candles may be had by applying at th-3
office of the chief wharfinger, foot of Clay
street. Very respectfully,
NAVAL PARADE COMMITTEE
CHAS. H. TURNER. Chairman.
W. G. LEALE, Commodore. ,
Manauense Chartered.
The Great Naval Parade.
The Belgian King- is now about ready
for sea and the Rosecrans will sail Thurs
day. The Egbert will get away Satur
day for Taku and the Logan fpr Manila
on the same date. ¦ .
Now that the trouble in China shows
signs of abating, the Government is go
ing back to the old schedule. The Logan
will leave here on September 1, calling at
Honolulu and Guam. The next boat will
leave on the 16th, calling at Honolulu
only. Returning, all the transports will
come home by way of Nagasaki.
Movements of Transports.
From Honolulu — Mr. and Mrs. G. E.
Baldwin and child. Miss C. Calhoun, H.
H. Clarke, J. J. Dicken, Mr. and Mrs. R.
A. Frick, S. N. Hundley, Mrs. H. P.
Hughes, C. Kluegel, Miss I. Keys, Mr.
and Mrs. F. D. Lowrey and son. A. C.
Lovekin, W. Macfarlane, D. MacLennon,
E. M. Morris, Mrs. E. W. Peterson. L. S.
Robinson, Miss A. M. Russell, Mrs.- P.
Schneider and two children. Mrs. C.
Schneider, Mr. and Mrs. H. V. Turner,
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Wodchause, W. T.
Brigham, B. Cartwright Jr., Mr. and Mrs.
W. H. Cawthra, Miss I. Dickson, C. Gird
ler. Miss B. Hundley, Miss I. Hall, O. H.
Keys, Mrs. S. M. Wesley. Mrs. R. A, Le
Van, W. F. MacLennon, H. Morrison, M.
Monserrat, Mrs. E. T. Osborne. Miss G.
Patterson, W. P. Roth, J. F. T. Stokes,
Mrs. G. Schmidt, E. W. Schulter, Miss A.
Widemann. Dr. H. G. Welpton.
Among those who came up on the Cura
cao were Mrs. P. Santellier and Mrs. and
Miss Gear. Mrs. Santellier is the wife of
the superintendent of the copper mines at
Santa. Rosalia, controlled by the Roths
childs. She Is up here on a visit. Mrs.
and Miss Gear made the round trip on the
Curacao for pleasure. While the steamer
was at Guaymas Miss Gear says there
was another outbreak of the YaquI In
dians. Later, however, everything quieted
down and the prospects for the speedy
ending cf the war were good.
Mr. and Mrs. Bonsfleld and child, Mrs.
Blodgett, Mrs. N. E. Bryant and three
children, S. J. Davis, F. V. Fraser. Mr.
and Mrs. Coforty and four children, M. H.
Harris, C. R. Head, Captain G. F. Ladue,
U. S. N.J N. Kanda, R. M. Leake, Miss L.
Meiners, Mrs. I. Oahman. Mr.- and Mrs.
H. C. Perkins and maid. Miss M Perkins.
Miss F. Perkins, Miss M. A. Pyke, Miss
D. A. Rich, H. Schuchard, C. *B. Tyler,
Mrs. H. F. Walker, Dr. E. II. Baldock,
J. C. Bentz, Mr. and Mrs. A. L.. Coombs,
Miss J. I. Dow, Miss II. Galloway, Miss
S. H. Godfrey, T. Hata, Rev. and Mrs. S.
D. Holmes and three children; H. Jensen,
Mrs. S. M. Leake, Miss M. J. Mclntosh,
G. Michey. K. T. Osborne and servant.
Miss Perkins, Miss R. Perkins, Master
Cleveland Perkins, D. W. Rich, Mrs. J.
A. Slimmon, Miss G. Taft, Mr. Tooritzin,
H. Walker and Miss R. E. Walker.
almost together yesterday. At the same
time the Peru, bound for Central Ameri
can ports, was passing out. All three ves
sels were crowded with passengers.
The China was sent into quarantine,
while the Curacao, after a general In
spection, was allowed to dock. The China
carried 114 cabin passengers, 37 second
cabin and 152 Chinese in the steerage. The
Mongolians were landed on Anpol Island
and after being disinfected will .-be put
back aboard the steamer. The second
cabin passengers will have to remain
aboard until the vessel is released. The
cabin passengers were released late yes
terday afternoon, and it was 8 p. m. be
fore they were landed at the Mall Com
pany's wharf by the steamer Caroline.
Only their hand baggage was released, so
one and all had to go uptown with very
scant supplies for making a toilet. The
majority of those who came on the steam
er are from Honolulu. The full list is as
follows:
; THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29, 315)00.
that
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* Can any woman afford
to Ignore the medicine arid
the advice that has cured
a million women?
No woman need be with-
out the safest and surest
advice, for Rflrs* Pinkham
counsels women free of
charge* Her address is
Lynn, Mass*
Is a proud and peerless
record* It is a record of
cure, of. constant con-
quest over obstinate ills
of wont on; ills that deal
out despair; suffering
that many women think
is woman's natural heri-
tage; disorders and dis-
placements that drive out
hope*
I Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I
cures these troubles of
women, and robs men-
struation of its terrors*
» . • . bl« Cold Cur* will
quleHy break up anj
lim of cold aad so on through the entire list of
remedies. At all druggists, 25 cents a rial.
If jou need in*dlcal adrlce write Prof. Munyon,
1B06 Arch it.. I'h'.ln. It U absolutelr free.
i few minutes;
Macron coartntees
that hi* Rheumatism
Cure will cure nearly
all catea of rheuma-
tism In a few hours;
that his Dyspepsia Cure
will cure indigestion and
all stomach trouble*;
that his Kidney Cure
will cure i)O per cent.
•f all cases of kldnpj
trouble; tbat his Ca-
tarrh Cur« will cure
catarrh no matter how
long standing*; tbat his
Headache Cure will cure
any kind of headache In
the Remedlet Will Do.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
¦tronR Assertions ni to Jaat What
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Cfe 1031WaBlBI.lit.fch*7a,S.f.fcL
.CT^ The Largest Anatomical Museum la tbs
<££JHmmw World. Wekkneitm or any contracted
I fc5 *C9 disease po«UI»oly eared hy the oldtit
* RfjtJl Specialist™ tht ; Ccau. EtLjCyoars.
tiWli »>»• JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
f ftaBfefi Co.i«ul!ation ften and strictly prirate
i CVC& Tnnment perron.-iliy or by letter. A
H ] r 73| || ita. tit e Cure la erery case undertaken. -
rl !i!p' Write for Book. FBiLoiorarci
¦ II V ¦JinBIAGK, , MAILED FRBB. { A
( (A valuable book for acn)
tta. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St. & F.
A CHICHECTCR'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
ZSiLraek f" CHICHESTKU'S ENGLISH
fo'W^ In ltni> »ad Gold mtUlUc baxe«. w»led
I2i 3S*W«!i; IUlbl ' lt ril»)aB. Take ¦•other. Refusa
\ V . ff - •¦• "Relief for Ladle*," <• Ittttr, bj re.
tnnKmXX. 1 0,000 Te«l«i»nl»U. 8*14 b;
Me»UcBUHp»j?er. Madlt>a baoare, I'lilXA., v£
AMUSEMENTS.
.- '¦. • , , i
TO-NXGHT. Friday and Saturday Evenings, »
"THE MASKED BALL" '•
"UnBailoln'Mascbera." ' *
F.ufso, Ferrari. Mcolini. Zanl. Repetto, Pole- \
tint and Lichter.
Thursday. Funday NiKht. Saturday Matinee. '
"TANNHAUSER." \
S&lavfk- Schuster. France* Graham. Effie j
Stewart and BARROX BERTHALD. i
Next Week- "CARMEN"— "ERNANI:"
POFULAR PRICES. S3 and 60 centi. '
Telephone Bush 9. •
5IATTN-EE TO-DAT. "WEDNESDAY. AT_'O. 29.
rarQuet, 26c. Any Part: Balcony. 10c:
Ctlldren, 10c, Any Pan.
GRAND RALLY OF VAUDEVILLE'S
STRONGEST FORCES.
YOSCARY~TROUPE,
Lavender and Thomson, The Wins,
NEWSKY TROUPE,
LEW HAWKINS. CAROLINE HULL. ARNIM
AND WAGNER, MACARTg GREAT
AXIMAL SHOW. BIOGRAPH.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
FAREWELL WEEK OF THE SEASON
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
&s 1 HENRY MILLER
IG ."" | xaa a SPECIAL COMPANY. |
FATLRDAY Jin the RcxnanUo Drama. THE
MiTIXEE I ONLY WAY.
Aflaoted ty Freenian Wills From Charles Dick-
ens' Novel.
••A TALE OF TWO CITIES."
Farewell Performance Saturday Nl^ht.
Nert Monday— CLAY CLEMENT and L.
K. STCX-KWELL CO. in "A GREAT OB-
tTACJ>E," adapted from "No Thoroughfare."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATTNEE EATTTIDAY AND LABOR DAT.
ONLY THIS WEEK.
"THESILVERKING"
yext week, lart cf Wilton Lackaye. By gen-
eral, request.
"CHILDREN OF THE GHETTO"
and 'TRILBY."
PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c. EOc.
A few Croat rows In orchestra, 75c.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
:^r^^^^r LAST
DADCDTO -s^->*-»-v-^-'-v-^^-^-
1 HUbbK I o -~-^-
BEAtTlkL ITIR.OTX
PORTRAYAL JTI^OTT
Vert V,>ek. Beplr.nlc* Wfth Labor Day
MatlTo Monday. Fept. 3— DOROTHY
, POVm AND HOWARD HALL In
"THE MASQUERADERS."
OT^JTgHi OPEWS NEXT
NQji^ SEPTEMBER 1st
mfskM FOLSOM and
Nly^P 16TH STREETS.
AXD NIGHTLY.
Pain's SIQQO Fireworks!
FOR TWO WEEKS.
EXCEPTING SUNDAY NIGHT. SEPT. 2.
SEATS FOR 10,000.
Peat* and boxes at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s,
tx>Klnnlnr Thursday morning.
PRICES— 3c, 50c, 75c and 11.00
Children, FlrFt Four Nights Only, 15c and 25c.
ALTA THEATER.
5*1? GROVE STREET PHONE SOUTH SI4.
•TO-NIGHT. All This Week, Matinees Saturday
and Sunday,
««E/\ST LYNNE,»»
Beautiful Setticcs and Strong Cast.
PRICES— lf>c. 25c, SOc.
Xert Week— CAPT. JACK CRAWFORD In
Hi! New Thrillin* Dramatized History of His
Life "ON THE TRAIL."
———————————————
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL,
23 SUTTER. ABOVE KEARNY.
TWO FAREWELL RECITALS.
paloiwa "schramm,
Aesl5trd bar Her Sifcter KARLA.
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON. August 29th.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. September
lrt, at 2:30 p. m.
Resfrv<>d Peats 50c and 75c
On Pale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
CHUTES ANDZOO. E 27£Xsr
WEPTorc AND TTEREnnT. THE MALCOLMS
iJTtP.M AND P.OW". BABY RT-TH FILVIA
PUERARI, LA LI-5TA. NEW MOVING 1*IC-
SEABURY, High Diver.
TO-MORKOW NIGHT, THE AMATEURS.
Telephone for Seats—Park 23.
FT^rHFR'^ concert house.
Kidley and Hart, Vic W. Gulon. Maud Still.
• Dp ke Eltryra. Eudora Fnrde. Llttl* Verna Fel-
ton. John Delmore and New 21 ovine Pictures,
tieserved Seats. 2'<: Matlne«% Sunday.
SUTRO B«THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Cr*n Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. tn.
i athlng- From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, Be.
Bathing. Including admission, 2ic. Children 20&
Pw U&l m *H2 Ol «»•*. v*
z£j£>J28r injection. <
l | A PERMANENT CURE f
f J» cf the most obstinate canes of Gonorrho* <
P and Gleet, cruaram'^d | n from 3 to 6 C
S daya ; ac oth*r treatment required. $
5 S°W by a!! druggists. S
¦*'J:4 • ADVERTISEMENTS. <?
j . — ~
K vi*§r^ l '-'i "iS^Mey already pre- R
*i v?^5_ sfi2??' pared prescrlp- w
*\ s *=^* s^^ tion— a medi- p
Jf cated cream that never falls to-V^
J} prove its efficiency. Anita Cream t
7L has transformed hundreds of seem- K
I ir.gly ruined sEins, and has made v
A them beautifully clear and spotless, ft
It It draws all Impurities to the sur- 4,
** face, removes the outer cuticle in I*
\f invisibly 6mall particles and re- Jy
*i stores the rosy blush of youth, r
Freckles, tan, moth blotches, pirn- #
.1 p>s, liver patches, muddiness and L
U all ether discoloratlons disappear £»
%f under the Influence of Anita Cream. V
T The' treatment Is delightful, quick T
and effective. A\Jta Cream con- %
j tains no vaseline or ingredient that
* will cause a growth of hair. K
\f For sale by your druggist. If not, y
send us 60 cents for full size jar or **
Jt 2c for information and a free sam- y
** pl«. Anita Cream & Toilet Co., f*
<J 207 Franklin St., Los Angeles. Cal. fe
PAINLESS DENTISTRY I {**£/[
>gM. No Plates Required. jpfeJ
OUR REMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK IS
beautiful and durable. Warranted 10 years.
Our J5 plates fit llkt a glove.
Our method for painless extracting Is patented
and used by no other dentist on the Pacific
I Coast.
PRICE LIST FOR 30 DAYS I t
Painless Extraction 25c
Removable Bridge work SCS.OO
Amalgam ¦« , 5Oc
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren's teeth— painlessly.
DR. Ff. L. WALSH.
S159i GEART STREET, between Hyde and
Larkln. Telephone Polk 1135.
NlltfP*^ SAME SHAPE^^Wr*3§3$
HjglS«§rSvIwO QUAUTIES^li^gfl
MtgfyJHKH ?— i Bjfe^MMS
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Pirii. J. ESPIO ; Ktw York, E. FOUQE&A & 00.
' SOLD BT ALL DRUGGISTS.
IA/. X. HESS,
K0TABY PtTBLIO AND ATT0ENEY-AT-I.AW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Epreckels Bids-
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, £21 California St., below Powell,
San Francisco.
yg!3»».0EWp-,STRqNG MiyaH
{* ;j
X£^330 MARKET ST. Sf.
AMUSEMENTS.
EXCURSION
TO
!, Monterey
PaGific Grove
Del Monte
, SUN DA Y 0
SEPTEMBER L
Tickets ill/
• Vj}/ h*t • O
I
UNDER THE PERSONAL. SUPERVISION OF
WM- H, MENTON. EXCURSION PAS-
SENGER AGENT SOUTHERN
PACIFIC COMPANY.
5 HOURS
AT THIS DELIGHTFUL. RENDEZVOUS.
BATH HOUSE ON BAT SHORE.
SWIMMING. IN THE SURF.
AMPLE TIME TO TAKK THE CELE-
BRATED EIGHTEEN-MILE DRIVE.
Train leaves Pan Francisco, Third and
* Townser.d st. depot, 8 a. m. Returning:, leaves
Pacific Grove, 4:*5 p. m.
Residents of Oaklan* Alameda and Berkeley
should take the 6 a. mJlocal for San Francisco.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TICKETS
Z Will b* placed on sale at 013— Market st.— 613
, (Grand Hotel ticket office). Auirust 29, 30, 31,
and September 1. and at Third and Townsend
_ and Valencia street depots on morning of the
excursion. V3S.**t>J
r Twa Vecks of Racing.
_ \li<^~'V j il-u , >— I JOG
Exhibits Carried uFrfie*.
Excursion Rates torv is i tors.
V/rife for Particulars to
PEJE R J- SHIELDS, A . B5 PRECKEL&
SECRETARY. PR£SIOENT.: WHEAT FREIGHTS— A charter at 40s. usual
options, fixes a new rate. I The market is firm.
The chartered' wheat 'fleet In port has a regis
tered tonnage of . 44.S00. against ¦ 32,650 tons ' on
the same date last year; disengaged.' 14,400 tons,"
aeralnst nothing last year; < on the way. to this
port. 165,400 tons, against 188,760.
WHEAT-Yesterday * was a - holiday In Chi-
NETW YORK, Aug. 2S-— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,238 bbls; exports, 58S9 bbls; sales, 9650 pack
ages. Market was steady and fairly active.
Minnesota patents, $!fi 4 25.
WHEAT— Receipts, 116,975 bushels; exports,
$7,715 bushels; gales, 2,105,000 bushels futures
and 120,000 bushels spot. Spot, firm; No. 2 red,
fcO'/ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 7$%c elevator-
Xo. 1, Northern Duluth. $4%c.f.;o. b. afloat;
No. 1, hard Duluth, 87%c f . . o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened easy though locar unloaded, but
gathered subsequent firmness in sympathy with
corn and on account of the firm English cables.
Closed dull at lie net advance: May. S3»»Q!
S3%c, closed S3^e; beptember, 79%»79 ll-16c
closed 7S^c; Oct<rf>er, 79%®80, closed 79 T 6c;Der
cember. HfiSX »-16c, closed 81%c. ! '
HOPS-Qulet.
HIDKS— Firm.
. WOOI/— Firm.
COFFEE- Fpot— Rio. quiet; No. S, R!o,"SV&*
Cordova, 9?4(gi4c. Futures closed net - un
changed prices to 10 points lower. Total sales
It, 750 bags, including: September, $7 40S7 45-
October, $7 60; November, $7 65; December
*7 70®7 75: January, J7 R5; March, ?7 S0@7 90-
April, $7 90; May. $7 90^8. • ¦ . •'
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refining, fair, 4Uc: Cen
trlfugral, 9S test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 4c; re
fined, steady. • ' .
BUTTER— Receipts, 12.347 packages; steady;
creamery, lSff22c; factory. 14%gl6c. .¦•.. -'.:-. -¦
• EGOS— Receipts, 11.S67 packages; flrnj; West-
New York Grain and Produce
New York Stock Market.
XETW YOPJC, Aug. 28.— The accumulation of
a ehort Interest during the steady decline,
which had continued for rather more than a
week, offered an opportunity to-day for a turn
by the bulls against the bear interest. The
demand from shorts proved sufficient to check
the declining tendency which was in evidence
In the early dealings and to bring prices back
to about last night's level. There the recovery
stopped and prices dropped again In the final
dealings, making the close heavy and letharglc
The market continued exceedingly narrow and
the volume of dealings fell below yesterday's
2UO.0OO share level. The bulls found material
for their brief turn In the railroad earnings re
ported fcr the day. in a reversal of the discour
aging ter.or of yesterday's rumors regarding
the sugar trade and in the declaration of a
Bemi-annual dividend of 2 per cent on the pre
ferred stock of Chicago, Indianapolis and Louis
ville. The bulls made the most ot the inci
dent and put the preferred stock up 4^ points
and the common 1*;. There was continued
pressure against sugar in the opening dealings,
but the stock rallied l»j on a correction In the
European sugar cables, showing a rise instead
ot a decline in the price of raw sugars. This
was taken to Ehow that American refiners were
again in the market as purchasers of raw
sugar, and to indicate that the season of active
business for refining would extend beyond- the
usual period this year. Kumors were circulat
ed that In consequence the dividend of sugar
would be increased, but the demand for sugar
certificates was satisfied with the covering of
the Fhort interest find the Ftock closed with a
gain of only H- The statement for July of the
Atchison system was also made the most of by
the bulls. Brooklyn Transit advanced on cov
ering, but eased off at the last. The money
market continued to benefit by the redemption
of the I'nited States extended 2s and by the re
ceipts of gold from the Pacific Coast. Rates
were, not quotably changed.
There was no feature In the bond market and
the price movement continued Irregular. Total
rales, par value, J645.0O0.
United States 4s declined 2 per cent In the
bid price. 1
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
1,200 Atchison 27
3.030 AtchlFon prefd 69"J
10,000 Baltimore & Ohio 71 l £
SOO Canadian Pacific 8S»i
Canada Southern ..-. 49
300 Chesapeake & Ohio 26%
Chicago Great Western 10%
5,960 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 124H
COO Chicago. Indianapolis & Louisville.. 24
900 Chicago, Indianapolis & Louis pfd.. 57
Chicago & Eavtern Illinois 96<4
Chicago A Northwestern 162
1.453 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific.... 105%
C C C & St LomIs 58U
Colorado Southern : 6
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 4H4
Colorado Southern 2d prefd." 16
417 Delaware & Hudson 113
Delaware Lacka wanna & Western. 175
Denver & Rio Grande 48%
100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 66U
Krie 10»i
100 Erie 1st prefd 33?i
120 Grrat Northern prefd 152
Hocking Coal 1414
20O Hockinsr Valley 34
S00 Illinois Centra! .116^4
100 Iowa Central 19
Iowa Central prefd .'... 44
Lake Erie & Western 27%
Lake. Erie & Western prefd 93
I.akr Shore 209
1.T25 Louisville & Nashville 70%
700 Manhattan L ;. 90r- s
200 Metropolitan Street Railway 152H
Mexican Central n*i
Minneapolis & St Louis ... ....... Bl?i
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd StS
&W Missouri Pacific 50>4
Mobile & Ohio 36H
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9%
100. Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd..".. 30%
1.585 New Jersey Central ...133^
New- York Central I28?i
103 Norfolk & Western 33ft
.....:. Norfolk & Western prefd Hyi,
3,000 Northern Pacific ..................... 50»{
Northern Pacific srefd 7.. 7l' .
Ontario & 'Western 20T4
Oregon Railway & Navigation.....; 42
EASTERN MARKETS.
Charters.
The Ancalos loads wheat and barley for
Eurcpe. 4?s net; the Any Turner, merchandise
fcr Hilo; the City of Benares, wheat for Eu
rope, (la M— rechartered; the Emily Reod,
rr."rchandiFe for Sydney— prior to arrival; the
Marion Chilcott, lumber from Puget Sound to
Sydney Ic's Gd. Melbourne or Adelaide 60s —
prier to arrival. >
Dried Fruit in Nczv York.
The New York Commercial says: "The mar-
Let on currants was rather at fixes and sevens
yesterday, owing 10 a variety of «5ntr,a<SIctorr
ttories in circulation regardinja: the state cf the
ir.arket in Greece. According to the best in
f rrr.aticn obtainable cables were received quot
ing the price of :;ew currants on the other
fide both higher and lower, the lower cables
l^-:ng on Provincials and the hicher on Ama
lia?. Provincials which were quoted at 31s oa
Monday were effered at 20s yesterday, while
< n the c'Jier hand Amallas were quoted by
osu>Ie at SCs. The spot market here showed a
wide range. In these circumstances, according
to the views cf various holders, but it can ba
•aid to have been easier, some offering goods
as iow as S^c. No sales of importance were
reported as made during the day. A sale of
one hundred barrels at Sc was reported as
having taken place late on Monday, however.
"Imported Sultana raisins are attracting a
great deal cf attention on account of the re
j>orts of a "heavy shortage ot the crop in Smyr
r.a. and the situation bids fair to become in
a smaller way what that on currants has bet?n
for the past few months. Sultanas made a
further advance yesterday of at least He, and
th» market shows a Btill higher tendency.
"Eaies of 44'JO boxes were reported at a cor,
cidorable advance over la?t week, and it wa3
reported that an offer received from England
en Monday fcr a large Quantity at HHc for
fancy and 12Hc for choice, prices which wera
a^ked by local holders a fpw days ago, was
turned down and :2'<c and 13'ic asked respect
ively. Latest advices from Smyrna are said
to quote the market there at &s. against 46 »
end 47s. o;«ening prices. Some inquiry is noted
aisi for bleached Sultana raisins.
"Interest in apricots and peaches is light
In this market a: present, although some busi
ness eouid be done in apricots if holders were
to tn»et buyers" 13eas. Some holders,
however, ar« Bskir.g ',ie advance. Prices oa
California prunes are expectt-d any day nov.',
and In the meantime a fair business is re
ported in Oregon .Italians at 4?*c for 40s and
4V- for 5Cf=. f. o. b.. in bap*. Same holders
ere reported withdrawn en iOs.
"No change was noted in future apples, and
so business v.-as heard of.
"Trade in nuts Is light, being confined to
email business In Brazils, pecans, filberts and
eor^e varieties of almonds. Naples round fil
berts are higher, and lt is now believed to
be irr.pcasible to get at under 10c."
Merchandise for Central America.
The etearner Peru tailed yesterday for New
Tork via Panama, with a general cargo valued
at J216.C21, manifested a* follows: For Cen
trsl America, J4*,C57; for Mexico, 16370; fcr
Booth America, tl'Zi: fcr New York, 164,270.
The principal shipments were aa follows:
For Central America — I'i pkgs bottled beer,
2S5 reels barbed wire, 200 cs coal oil, 75 cs
canned goods. 40« bbls cement. S3 cs firj goods,
4004 bbls flour, 2j pkgs fruit. 117 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 21 cs hardware, 5460 TTjB lard,
C2 kegs white tcaO, 5 c« mucilase. 13,W>6 lbs
malt, 43 pk*,'S machinery, 16 cs 5 bbls oil, 2T0
crs onions, 23 pkgs ox carts, 10 tdls pipe, 3iS
crs potatoes, IS cs paint. S rs paste, 5 pkgs
photograph eoMs. €s7i lbs powder. 123 bdls
paper. 11 bxs raisins, 2CZ.124 Its rice, 10S5 cs
fcoap, 60S5 It>s Fugar, "6 kegs staples. € bdla
eu-e.l, li bdls Fpices. 61.D3S IT)* tallow, 7 cs
turpentine, 6 r-^gs tank material, 72 cs 333U
pais wine, t2 kegs 48 cs whisky, 9 pkgs mill
work. S7.C11 ft lumber.
For Mexico — 2S k< ps nails, 114 cs hardware.
4 cs photograph poods, 4000 lbs quicksilver, 4S
pkgs groceries ani provisions, 10 bxs fruit, lil
gals wine, KW0 ft lumber. € bd's «pice. 7 cs
drugs. 5 carboys Euljjfcuric acid. 12.180 lbs pig
iron. E cs oil. 3 ce arme and ammunition, i
1m3!e cordage. 7 cs car.ned poods, 342 crs wooden
tanks, 5 tons coke. 14 pkgs steel. 13 bdls iron.
For £>outh America — 70 bbl.« dried shrimps.
. Kor Xew York— 169.3.J5 gals wine. ISO cs
fanned goods. 19S bbls fish oil. 1660 TbH quiek
t-ilver, 1013 cs salmcn, 50 pkgs household goodo,
r3u,fc7Q lbs scrap tin.
Condition of California Crops.
A. G. JIcAflie. prction director of the Climate
tn<3 Crop Service of the Weather Bureau,
nakes the following: crop report for the week
cnulng Monday. August "7:
SUMMARY.
Generally cool, pleasant weather has pre
vailed during the we^k. with finw cloudiness
i.nd fogs along the coaj=t. Fruit drying and
the coljring and ripening of itrapes have been
rorr.ewhat retarded in a few places, but In
other respects conditions have been very favor
eb!f fur farmers und orrhardists.
Wheat harvest is corr.r>let«-4. and thrashing Is
we!! ndva-oed in an sectror.s. With f«w ex
oer-Uons the yield and quality of grain are a
preat dSeanwinti^ent to the fanners. Some of
the train has been ehipjwu. bat the larger part
ha? been FUirod In *var< houses.
The hay crop has s^roved very satisfar-torv in
mon t'.ace*. and the last crop of alfalfa is
turning out we'.L Hop ricking 5s in progress
in many fectior.s, ar.a shipments of new hops
b.re iwlr.g tna.de: the yield is light, but the
quality is rejx>rtr-<i a*.out average. Bean har
ye»it will commence within a few <2avs. Pota
toes have imprwei! cons fderably during the
cool, foggy weather, ami fair crops are txpe.ct
¦>d. Corn Is <inir.g well. Water and pasturage
are plentiful except in the south. Farmers are
preparing to t>eed summer- fallow.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.
The v,eather has continued unusually cool in
ruist places during the week, retarding fruit
drying and the maturing of grapes to some
'enret. but improving the condition of potatoes
-end other crops. Prune raking and curing are
.In progress ami In soxr.e factions the yield and
timdity are nearly equal to the average.
Grapes are ripening and a prcod crop isexperted.
JVars are b^in* 1 * in considerable quan
tities from Lake County. Almond pifking has
commenced. Hops are doing well, but there
will be a light cro;>. Grain harvest is com
jlftfd. and thrashing Is nearly finished. In
£an Mateo County the yield of grain and hay
is reported ai»ov«- average.
FACitAMENTO VALLEY.
Continued cool weather ha? somewhat retard
ed the coloring and rir^njns of grapes in some
plares, Rnd high winds have caused Flipht
«i!nage to j-ears »n<l nrmcaC '"it in other ro
rpects eorftitior.8 have beon favorable fcr crops,
la Yolo County a. large crop of prunes is )>>:ns
E&theivd. but the fruit is mostly small. Prns
r*rts are gooxl for a. heavy crop of crapes,
whlc-h ar* i«aid to be of excellent quality.
Muscatels will be ready for picking about Sep
tember 1. Sultanas and Mu^oatHs plve promise
cf an aturdant yield. Doclduous fruits are re
r>ort?d below averapt» in tome localities. Hop
ricking is In I'roervte. and shipments of new
heps have frfen ma<3e from tho American River
district. Grain harvest is completed. Alfalfa
hay i« yiiMlns: a mod crop. The Feeding of
cummer-fallow lnr.es trill ccmmer.ee soon.
KAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
Clear wcaUter -.vith moderately cool nights
lias prevailed during the week.' Fruit drj'lr^r Is
progTefsins. Peaches and prune? are the prtn
c!p;tl fruit n*>»' beins dried. The fruit crop
is large ir« jiort section*. Grape picking has
fommen' <l In some localities.* and a tevr ot the
'¦ti'ri'j have b*«un 10 crush. The cool nights
cav« tn a measure retarded the ripening of
grapes. The second crop of figs is good. Olive
trees are full and the prospects are for a large
crop. Citrus fruits are in good condition and
a heavy crop is anticipated. Alfalfa continues
to grow well in most sections. Stock is in
good condition.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Warm days and cool, foggy nights have pre
vailed during the week. Pumping works are
supplying a good flow of water. The grape
crop Is reported below average in quantity,
and the quality inferior in some places; in the
vicinity of San Diego, however, raisin grapes
are said to be of superior size and flavor. De
ciduous fruits are yielding a very poor crop.
Oranges and lemons continue thrifty, and give
promise of a heavy crop. Bean harvest will
begin soon; the yield will be light. Walnuts
1 are below average in most places.
Los Angeles summary — Extensive prepara
tions are being made for raisin drying; San
Diego reports the crop light, but of fine qual
ity. The bean crop is light, particularly on
ur.irrigated land. " Hay baling continues in
places.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Paclflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 2S— 5 p. m. |
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka GS'Red Bluff SS
Mt. Tamalpals 67 1 Sacramento E6
Independence 92 \ San Luis Oblspo 76
Fresno S2]San Diego 70
Los Angeles 71|
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
6S; minimum, 55; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the coun
try between the Sierras and the Rocky Moun
tains. It has risen rapidly over the northern
half of the Pacific Slope. A degression of
moderate depth overlies Utah, with a south
westerly extension over the valley of the
Colorado.
The temi>erature has fallen about ten de
grets over Northeastern California and Nevada.
In the great valleys of California, except In the
vicinity of Sacramento, the temperatures are
from seven 10 fourteen degrees below the
normal.
Rain has fallen at Eureka and Red Bluff.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight August 29:
Northern California — Cloudy unsettled weather
Wednesday, with rain early Wednesday along
the Sierras; northwest winds on the coast, with
tcS-
southern California— Cloudy Wednesday, with
showers in the mountains; fresh westerly
winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday, with light rain
in northern portion.
Utah— Cloudy, colder Wednesday, with rain
in northern portion.
Arizona — Cioudy; cooler Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
day; freeh westerly wind, with fog in the af
ternoon. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official
CHICAGO, Aug. 28.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California fruit
at auction to-day: Pears— Bartletts, boxes, $1 65
<32 45. average $2 11; B. Hardy, boxes. $1 50®
1 60, average $1 54; Howell, boxes, $1 S0@l 85,
average $1 82. Peaches— Late Crawfords, boxes,
7O@9Oc. average 84c. Plums— Kelsey Japans,
single crates, 50@60c, average 52c; Grand Duke,
single crates, 55gU5c, average 83c. Prunes—
Gros, single crates, C0<iT85c, average 73c; Ger
mans, single crates, 60e@$l 05, average 87c. Dry,
favorable weather. Thirteen cars sold to-day.
MONTREAL. Quebec, Aug. 28.— The Earl
Fruit Company's sales of California fruit at
auction to-day were as follows: Pears—Bart
letts, boxes, $1 95<g2 53, average. $2 35. Plums—
Gros, single crates, average $1 10. One car sold
to-day.
BOSTON. Ausr. 2S.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction, realizing the
following: prices: Grapes — Tokays, single
crates, Jl 40#3 10. average $2 30. Pears—Bart
letts, boxes, S0c<£f$2 40, average $1 86. Peaches —
Albright, boxes, 75@90c, average SSc; Susque
hannu, boxes, 30(g95c. average 73c. Plums—Kel
sey Japans, single crates, 30@68c, average 4Sc.
Prunes*-Gros, single crates, $l<jjl 30, average
$1 15. Weather very hot. Three cars sold to
day.
PITTSBURG. Aug. 2S.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day and real
ized the following prices: Pears — Beaurre
Hardy, boxes, $1 25iT2 05, average $1 50; Duch
ess, boxes, average $1 15. Plums — Quackenboss,
single crates, 75c@$l, average SOc; Grand Duke,
single crates, average $1 20; Yellow Egg, sin
gle crates. S5c©$l 15, average $1 03; Kelsey
Japans, single crates, 65@75c, average 67c.
Prunes— Gros, sinsle crates. S5c(g$l 20, average
1 01; Germans, single crates, 75c@$l. average
82c; Silver, single crates, 65(f?S3c, average 66c.
One car sold to-day.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2S.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales .of California fruit were as fol
lows: Grapes— Muscats, average $1 single
crates; Tokays, $1 15<jr2. Pears— Bartletts.
$1 S5@2 box. Peaches — Orange Cling, average
$1 05 box. Plums— Kelsey Japans, 65@95c single
crates. Prunes— Gros. 6C®70c single crates.
Porter Bros. Company's sales were: Pears —
Bartletts. $1 23@2 40 box and $1 05 half box;
Beurre Clalrgeau, $1 2031 55; Beurre Hardy. 95c
<S%\ 20: Duchess, 75c©$l 35: Roy du Comico.
$3 40©3 45. Plums— Columbia. $1 50®l 60; Kel
sey, 40@85c. Prunes— Gros, eo@70c.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Aug. 2S.— Cattle— Receipts, 3000.
Including 1200 Westerns and SOO Texans. Na
tives and Western, steady; Texans, active, 100
15c'. higher; good to prime steers, $5 45@6 10;
poor to medium, $4 S0@5 25; selected feeders,
strong, active, at $4tT5 25; mixed stockers.
steady to slow, $3 25^(3 SO; cows, $2 75ijJ4 50;
heifers, $3g5; canners, $2@2 65; bulls, steady,
at $2 50@4 50; calves, active, 25 to 40c higher
than last Tuesday, at ?5@7 25; Texas fed steers.
$4 25^5; grass steers, $3 30@4 20; bulls, $2 50®
3 50.
Hogs— Receipts, 17,000; estimated for to-mor
row, 25.CO0; left over, 3000; steady; top. $5 47%:
mixed and butchers'. $4 90©5 10: grood to choice,
heavy $5^5 35: rough, heavy, $4 S0®4 95; light,
$5<§j5 47i$; bulk of sales, $5 10@5 35.
Sheep— Receipts, . 16.000; sheep, steady to
strong, 10c higher; lambs, active, 10 to 15c high
er; good to choice wethers. $3 C5@S4; fair to
choice, mixed. $3 3504 70: Western sheep. $3 50
©3 90; Texas sheep, $2 50^3 50; native lambs,
$4S5 65; Western lambs, $4 75@5 65.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Aug. 2S.— The wool market con
tinues quiet, dealers as a whole reporting the
demand slow. Territory wools, outside of a
few large transactions, are reported dull. Fifty
cents is the price asked for good HneB of fine
medium and fine scoured, while staple lots
are calling for E2c and 53c. Fleece wools are
meeting with little inquiry and prices remain
unchanged. There is very little business doing
in foreign wools, but where any particular kind
Is wanted, eales are affected about on the basis
of former prices. The sales of the Australian
wool are small.
Following are quotations: Territory, scoured
basis— Montana and Wyoming, fine medium and
fine 1701SC, scoured 50c, staple 62@53c; Utah,
fine medium and fine 16@17c, scoured 60c, staple
62@E3c: Idaho, fine medium and fine 16@17c,
scoured oOc, staple 52®53c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices— Comb-
Ing superfine, nominally SViSU^c; good, 8@
8%c .
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 28.— Dullness was the- rule
in metal circles locally to-day. In London,
however, there was considerable weakness de
veloped.
Tin showed a further decline of $2. causing
an easier feeling In our market. The close was
easy at $30 15<g30 25.
Copper was very quiet and unchanged here,
but 7s 6d lower abroad.
Lead ruled dull* at yesterday's advance to
$4 37^. The brokers" price for lead was $4 and
for copper, $16 75igl6 87*,4.
Plglron warrants ruled weak and nominally
unchanged at $10 60. Spelter was easy in tone,
but not quotably lower at $4 10®4 15.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 28.— Clearings, $251,
845: balances, $22,893.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON,
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 2S.— Wheat— Steady, with
fairly large sales reported. Walla Walla, 56c;
Valley, G5@56c; Bluestem. 58 l S?59c. .:
TACOMA, Aug. 28.— Wheat— Quiet, but lc
hlKher; Bluestem. E9Hc: Club, 56Hc, both for
export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Aug. 28.— Consols, 98; silver,
28 5-16; French rentes, lOOf 77^c. Wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 31s 3d; cargoes
Walla Walla, 29s ,9d; English country markets,
steady. . . ..
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 23.— Wheat firm; NoJ 1
Standard California, 6s 4d@6s 4VJd: wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris,' dull: French coun
try markets, quiet; weather in England, over
cast. ¦ ¦
COTTON— Uplands, 5 17-32d
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 Western red
winter. 6s lid; No.l Northern spring, 6s 3>4d:
No. 1 California. 6s 4d@6s 4Vid. Futures, quiet;
September. 6s V>d; December, 6s 2Hd.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed (new), 4s
Id; American mixed (old), 4s Hd. Futures,
steady; September. 4s Id; October, 4s l&d; No
vember, 4s l?»d. ¦ ; -
California Fruit Sales.
Exchange and Silver about the 'same.
Ji'/icat dull, but firm. Freights higher.
Barley, Oats and Rye very quiet.
Corn closely held at an adz'ctnee.
Hay in heavy supply, bid unchanged.
Nothing nexe in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Vegetables in large supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry weak under liberal arrivals.
Fresh Fruits shozv no new features.
Dried Frv.its steady, but quieter.
Lemons plentiful and Limes cleaned up.
Provisions as previously quoted.
Wool quiet, Hops neglected and Hides featureless.
Hogs a shade lower. Other Meats unchanged.
Grain Bags dull. Coal firm, with light stocks.
Canned Fruits and Vegetables continue firm.
No cJicnge in Oils.
Local stocks and bonds dull.
Tanbark higher.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Se?t. Dec.
Opening 5 11% 6 1%
Closing 6 >t 6 2*.»
PARIS.
Wheat — .- . < 'Au;r. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 20 zO 2135
Closing f .... 20 15 21 30
Flour— .
Opening 25 95 27 60
Closing 25 70 27 65
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2S.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
show the following changes in the available
supplies from the last account:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased 1,200.000 bushels. Afloat for
and In Europe, decreased 2,200,000. Total sup
ply decreased. l.OCO.COO bushels. .
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 2,763,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased S34.OCO bushels.
The combined stock' of wheat at Portland.
Ore., Seattle and Tacoma, Wash., Increased
S5.G00 bushels, last week.
# : : *
'•••••• Oregon Railway & Navigation prefd 76
3,404 Pennsylvania 127^4
Reading- 16-">»
4,410 Reading 1st prefd 5STs
400 Reading 2d profd 27%
Rio Orancle Western 54
Rio Grande Western prefd 89
185 St Louis & San Francisco 9?s
St Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd.. 67
125 St Louis & .San Francisco M pfd.. 33&
• 800 St Louis Southwestern 13
1.700 St Louis Southwestern prefd 2S%
10.720 St Paul -. 312»i
St Paul prefd 172
St Paul & Omaha 112
L250 Southern Pacific 31V4
400 Southern Railway ll',i
Southern Railway prefd 52
300 Texas & Pacillc 14
3,753 Union Pacific' 58H
7S5 Union Pacific prefd 75T4
Wabash 7
Wabash prefd lS'i
Wheeling & Lake Erie $\
430 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 23*i
Wisconsin Central 13
Third Avenue 109&
i Express Companies —
•. Adams ;. 123
American , ......155
s United States 4a
Wells-Fargo 125
Miscellaneous — •
100 American Cotton Oil 32»i
American Cotton Oil prefd , SSV-
American Malting 4%
American Malting: prefd 23
700 American Smelting & Refng 37%
200 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 89
American Spirits 1%
American Spirits prefd..'. 17
300 American Steel Hoop . '. 1S%
I,0o0 American Steel Hoop prefd 65^4
1,525 American Steel & Wire 34V4
100 American Steel & Wire prefd 74U
215 American Tin Plate 27 :
American Tin Plate prefd 7S*l ',
1,100 American Tcbacco 92>»
American Tobacco prefd 12S
300 Anaconda Mining Co., 44H
15,750 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 54
100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 34 s i
333 Continental Tobacco 23"i
125 Continental Tobacco prefd 77'4
1,400 Federal Steel 33V. i
Federal Steel prefd 66 :
200 General Electric 137
Glucose Sugar 51
Glucose Sugar prefd 98
100 International Paper 22
International Paper prefd 66
....... Laclede Gas. ex dividend 73
100 Xatlonal Biscuit 31*i ',
Xatlonal Biscuit prefd SO :
National Lead 17»i !
National Lead prefd SSV<,
100 National Steel 24M-
National Steel prrfd 84'i
New York Air Brake 130
North American 15 I
100 Pacific Coast 33
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S5
1,200 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
Pacific Mail : 30U
8,600 Peopled Gas 95% ;
325 Pressed Steel Car 3S :
ICO Pressed Steel Car prefd 70=;
100 Pullman Palace Car 1ST I
200 Standard Rope & Twine 5>4
27.2S5 Sugar 119-%
100 Sugar prefd 115
1.EO0 Tennessee Coal & Iron 63V> !
900 United States Leather lOi-fe :
United States eLather prefd G!H;
l.OCfl United States Rubber 29V4
United States Leather prefd 6S>4
100 Western Union 79%
150 Republic Iron & Steel 12H
575 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 53
P C C & St Louis 54
11S.1C0 Shares sold.
CLOSIXG BOXDS.
U S 2s ref reg....lO3»i|N Y Cent lsts lOSH
Do coup 103^i'N J Cent gen 5s. .122
Do 3s reg 109 j Xor Pac 3s Co 1 ;
Do 3s coup 109 j Do 4s 103^
Do new 4s reg..l33Mi X Y . C & St L 4s.lO6Vt
Do new 4s coup.133 1 * Nor & W con 4s.. 97^4
Do old 4s reg 115 Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup. .115 Do 4s 102
Do 6s rec 112H Or S Line 6s......l26U
Do 5s coup 112 l i) Do con 5s 112U
Dist of C 3.65s 122 Reading Gen 4s 87%
Atch gen 43 100"i Rio G W lsts 98"i
Do adj 4s $b\i St L & I m con os.llH;
Can So 2nds 103 St L & S F gen 6s.l22
Ches & Ohio 4Vis..lOO St Paul consols.. ..167U
Do 5s llSViiSt P. C &. P lsts..H7»4
Chi & N con 7s 140 j Do 5s 119
C & n S F deb &S.120 jSo Pacific 4s 7S\£
Chi Term 4s 92H;So Railway 5s l0S 7 i
Colo So 4s 82 Stan R t T 6s.... 67
Den & R G lsts.. 102»i' Tex & Pac lsts 111*;
Do 4a 95 j i>o 2nds 55
Erie Gen 4s 6$VUnion Pac 4s 1C5J;
Ft W & Den C lsts 72V-.; Wabash lsts in'
Gen Klect 5s 115 ' -Do 2nds 101
Iowa Cent lfts 113\»IWeEt Shore 4s.. 111T4
L & X unified 4s.. 99 |Wis Cent lsts 88
M. K & T 2nds... 6o |Va Centuries &0',4
Do 4s 91};i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10, Ontario 5 60
Crown Point 10 Ophir 2 60
Con Cal & Va.... 1 15! Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45; Quicksilver 160
Gould & Curry.... 12 1 Do prefd 6 50
Hale & Norcrs.... 13 Sierra Nevada 3 32
Homestake &0 00 Standard 3 50
Iron Silver 55 Union Con 17
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber 29
Call loans 2@3 Union Pacific .... 58
Time loans 3<ff4 West End J31A
Stocks — Bonds —
A, T &. St Fe J!7H Atchlson 4s 98
Do prefd 69% X E Gas & C 5s.. C4
Amer Sugar 119^ Mining Shares —
Do prefd 116 Adventure t%
Bell Tel 143 Allouez Min Co.... 11%
Boston Elev .. 14S Amal Copper fc7<4
Boston & Maine. .1S8 Atlantic 23'
Chi, B & Q 124tf Boston & Mont. ...315
Dominion Coal 41^ Butte & Boston... 62
Do nrefd 110 I Calumet &. Hecla.751
Federal Steel 33ii [Centennial 16»£
Do prefd ..X 66 Franklin IS*.
Fitchburg prefd. ..129 Humboldt 25
Gen Elect 157Vi Osceola 68%
Do rrefd ...139 IParrot 41
Kd Elec 111 2'a!*; Qulncy 140
Mexican Cent — 11% Santa Fe Copper... 4%
Mich Tel S5 (Tamarack 2U
N E Gaa &. Coke. 13V6 Utah Mining 304
Old Colony 204 [Wlnona 3
Old Dominion 1?V4 ¦ Wolverines 40»4
London Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 28.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The opening of the new account In the mar
kets here to-day failed to bring about an In
crease in the volume of business. African
mines . hardened on the receipt of Lord Rob
erts' report of his success against the Boera,
but other departments were almost entirely
Ignored. England was absolutely Inclined to
sell Americans, but New York supported them.
CLOSING
Canadian Pacific, 81%; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 78; Northern Pacific preferred, 72%;
Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda. 69. Bar silver,
steady, 28 5-16d per ounce. •. Money, 2% per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— Money on call. 1U@
IVi per cent. - Prime mercantile paper, 4®5 per
cent.
Sterling exchange, easy, with actual business
In bankers' bills at $4 87^ for demand, and at
$4 S3T6<ij4 S4 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 83®
G* &3%i. ,-••-.
Bar fcllver. 61Hc per ounce.
Silver certificates— 61%@C2 1 ic.
Mexican dollars, 4S%c.
Government bonds/weak; State bonds, Inac
tive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 28— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances ¦ in the general fund
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances, $137,490,357; gold, $68,393.
ern regular packing at mark, ll@15c; Western,
loss off, 16@17c.
DRIED FRUITS.
There were no noteworthy features developed
in the evaporated apple situation and the mar
ket continues to rule quiet at about unchanged
prices. State, common, was quoted from onj
5c; prime, 4ftS5Vic; choice. 5H@6c; fancy, 6%«j'
7c. California dried fruits were inactive and
nominally unchanged on the basis of 5 1 ,4@7c
per pound ¦ for prunes, as to size and quality.
Apricots— Royal, ' lig'Mc ; MoorparU, 15<3"17c.
Peaches— peeled, H@lSc; unpeeled, 6@i>c.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's • fancy. ' per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c: standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy," per lb.. 8V4c: choice.* 7%c; standard, C/Jc;
prime. Be: unbleached Sultanas. * 5c; . Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 5c: 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5Hc;
3-crownr 6Uc; 4-crown,-7c; London Layers; 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, SI' 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. : $2 50; Imperial, S3. AH
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California. . "- ¦ v : •
NUTS— Walnuts. 8@10V5C" for standards and 9
@llc for eoftahells; , new Almonda, 12313&C
NEW CROP — Prunes, nominal; Apricots. 6?i®
SHc for Royals and 10@12c „ for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5ig6c; , sun-dried, 4#44c;
Peaches, 5V«@5VjC for "standard, 6@6l*c for
choice and 7® 8c forfancy; Pears, • 5<g7VSc*
Plums, '¦¦> pitted, 5<?6c; unpitted, 1®!%; Necta
rines. 5<f?5V»c for red and 5H@6c for white.
The i dried fruit : market Is quieter and lacks
the snap of a fortnight ago. There are two
reasons for this. '¦ First, ,. the best grades were
pretty well bought up in the recent lively buy-
Ing and for small and lower grade goods there
Is not so much call: and second, the hot weath
er in the East is affecting the trade there. :
An Increasing demand for Raisins is reported
from New York.
Choice : Honey is firm ' at ' full figures. Nuts
are firm in all positions with a good demand.
A press dispatch from San Jose says that as
the drying of Prunes has now progressed so
far In the Santa Clara Valley that the size
and quality of the crop can . be determined' the
prices will be announced September 1. It has
been a tedious wait for the grower and it is
to be .hoped that - sufficiently remunerative
prices .will . be established to compensate him
for the delay. . .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, Jl 25@2 for. com
mon and $2 MX&Z for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. — ;. Bananas. $1®2 Per bunch; Pine
apples. $1 50tg3 50 per dozen.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25@50c per case; Canta
loupes, 35c<g{l per crate; Watermelons, $6@18,
with extra large at $2O«?25 per 100.
GRAPES — Muscats, 35@60c per crate; Seed
less, S0£80c per crate: Sweetwater, 35@50c:
black, 40@60c: Tokay, 35@60c; Isabella, 75c;
Wine Grapes. $20@23 per ton for Zlnfandel.
PEACHES— 35®60c per box: In bulk, $18@25
per ton for freestones and $15@25 for clings;
Mountain Peaches. 40@65c per box.
PLUMS — 20<S40c per box and crate; in bulk.
$IO@15 per ton; Prunes, 30*g50c per crate; Egg
Plums. $12«?15 r<*r ton.
NECTARINES — Red sold at 75c per crate.
APPLES— 25^500 per box for common and
DOc(g$l for good to choice; Crabapples, 40c per
small box and 60c per large box.
Pears— Bartletts 40®90c In boxes and $15@
25 r>er ton in bulk.- . *
QUINCES— 40'gfiOc per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3(56 per chest for largt
and $5(58 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $5&7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3«6 per chest. -
HUCKLEBERRIES— 3®4c per lb.
-TIGS— 2n<g30c for single and 40(g6Oc for double
layer boxes.
POMEGRANATES— 75c per box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Peaches. Pears and Plums show little change.
There Is enough common stock here, but choice
lots are in light supply and firm.
There is not much change in Berries, which
are in moderate supply and firm.
Melons continue weak with large supplies.
There is no particular change In Grapes, which
are also plentiful.
Lemona are weak and quiet. Limes are nom
inal, as they are about cleaned up. .;,'¦,',>
Figs and Quinces are In good supply and
flow. Pomegranates do not sell very briskly.-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Firkin— 18@19c. .
CHEESE— New, .9c: fancy. 10c: old SQ'SHe;
Young America, 10®10Hc; Eastern, 13 l i@Hc;
Western, 10@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 16ft20c for store and 23S26c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@19c.
Dairy— Fancy. 21VaQ22%c; good to choice, 20®
21c: common, 15^1Sc.
Creamery tub— 20rn22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19® 20c.
Stocks of Butter are free and the market Is
quiet and easy. There Is no further change in
Eggs. The demand and supply about balance.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 23%® 24c; extra
marks higher; seconds, 22H@23c
Cheese is reported weak again, with a well
supplied and dull market.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Throe cars of Eastern came In and sales were
made. at 12@14c for Turkeys, $3 50 for Ducks,
$5®5 50 for Hens, $5 E0@6 for young Roosters.
$4®4 50 for old Roosters, U for Fryers and $2
©3 for Broilers.
Local stock was dull and weak, as may be In
ferred from the quotations.
Much of the Game arrives in bad condition.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9SHc for Gob;
biers and ll@12c for Henn; Geese, per pair. $1 25
tol 50: Goslings, $1 50fil 75; Ducks. t3@4 for old
and $3@4 for young; Hens, $3 50@5 50; Young
Roosters $4 HHS5; Old Roosters. S3 00-54 50;
Fryers, $3 50; Broilers, $3 for large and $2®
2 50 for small; Pigeons. $1500175 per dozen
for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME-Doves, 60<S65c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits $150; Brush Rabbits, 75c@$l; Hare,
$1 25.
Poultry and Game.
There Is not a scarce article In the list. To
matoes continue to drag, and poor and carried
over stock is worked off to the preserve manu
facturers if possible; otherwise lt is dumped.
Another car of Merced Sweets falls due to
day.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 50c; New Early
Rose, 25®30c; Burbanks, 4C<S65c for Rivers and
85c@$l per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 75c!g$l for
River and $1 50 for Merced.
ONIONS — Yellow, £0s&65c per ctl; Pickle
Onions. 60©75c.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75c5$l per sack,
75c© $1 per crate for Berkeley and $1 25® 1 50 for
Alameda; Green Peas. 2H@3c per lb; String
Beans l%Q3c; Llmas, S$$fto; Cabbage, 40g5Oc;
Tomatoes River. 15@35c; Bay, 25@40c: Egg
Plant. 50*"<? 60c per box; Green Okra. 35@50c;
Green Peppers, 35®50c per box for Chill and 40
<§60c for Bell; Dried Peppers, S®10c: Carrots, 25
<B3oc per sack; Summer Squash, 30@50c for Ala
meda; Cucumbers. 20025c for Alameda; Pickles.
$1@1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50<g.75c for No. 2;
Garlic, 2 1 ,i@3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $15®
2U per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions, with
a dull market.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 B0©2 75; Small White, $3 75
©4; Large White, $3 10@3 25; I'lnk. $2 25@2 75;
Red $3 2d@3 00; Blackeye, $3 50; Lima, $3 15@
6 25; Psa. $3 5063 70; Red Kidneys, $3 25<g3 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax. $2®2 20; Canary. ZV,c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2>^@3c; Hemp, 4@4^c; Tim
othy, 4@4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. nominal; Green, $2 25®
2 50 per ctl; Blackeye, $2.
Beans and Seeds.
Stocks of Hay In the city are very large, but
dealers do not allow prices to decline. Choice
sells up to top quotations, though the, lower
grades drag.
There is no change In Feedstuffa.
BRAN— $12@12 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16@19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF'S— Rolled Barley. - $16317 60 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®27; Jobbing,
$27 C0@2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20@ 21; Com Meal,
S2G 50; Cracked Corn, $27; Mixed Feed. $13 iO@14.
HAY — Volunteer, $4 50@7: Wheat, $10-612;
Wheat and Oat, $9 50-gll 50; Oat, $S<f?10; Clover.
$45|ti; Alfalfa, $607 50; Barley. $« 50@S 50 -per
°STRAW-30S37^c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 60®
3 75, -. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, }2 7503 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15^3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
$4 75@5 "5 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 52 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. J7; Corn Meal. $2 75:
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: Horn
iny, J3 50«J3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 E0; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5
@7 25; in sacks, $5 75® 7; Pearl Barley. J5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN — Local stocks are small and closely
held at advanced prices. All descriptions are
quoted at ?1 25@1 30, without distinction.
RYE— S7%®90c per ctl. The market continues
neglected.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
White— $1 15(&1 35; Surprise, $1 33f 1 40; Red,
$1 lOi&l 25: Gray. $1 12^4®1 20; Black, for feed,
$1 VXUl 15; for seed, SI 15@1 22% per ctl.
Informal Session-No sales.
Second Session-No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 3000 ctls. 76»iC
OATS — The. market Is dull, but there is no
weakness anna rent.
CALL BOARD SALES.
No sales.
BARLEY — Dullness continues to characterize
this market and , prices show no change. Of
ferlnzs are ample for all needs.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and 67^@72^ic for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 77H'385c;
Chevalier, nominal.
Afternoon Session—
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
10.000 ctls. $1 10.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 10%:
4000, SI 10V4.
Regular Morning Session— December — 20,000
ctls. $1 li)%; 20W. $1 10%.
cago, hence there was no news from that mar
ket. ¦
New York was quiet and unchanged. Liver
pool was firm and Paris lower. .'- -
The local market was dull and featureless,
with a sllcht Improvement In futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05; Milling, $1 07^4
01 10. .
for paper shell, 9H®10c for soft and 6@7c for
hard ehell; Peanuts, MQWc for Eastern and
5@6c for California; Brazil Nuts. ll@12V»c; Fil
berts, 12®l3c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. S3 50
©5.
HONEY — Comb. 13@14c for bright and 12@
12V4c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7V4@7Hc; light amber, extracted, 6Vi<36)ic; dark,
5H^6c per lb.
BEESWAX-±24S26c P*r lb.
Provisions.
All descriptions are as before quoted, and the
market i» Inactive.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10Hc per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium, 124c for light, 13c
for extra light and lt'ic for sugar-cared. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13c: Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl: extra Mess. $13; Family. $14: extra Prime
Pork. $15 50; extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef, 12H^13c r*r lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7o per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half- barrels, pure, SUc;
10-lb tins. Mic: 5-lb tins. 3%c.
COTTOL.ENE— One-half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels, sue; one tierce, SHc; two tierces,
&%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb. j
L. A I 9 "- 190 102^ S P C Cs O30S>
15 *^ =
V 1? iw. M o": U3 IS P C 6s (1906).XC -
N R of Cal 6s. 113 - js r£ 1st gnti 3 U -1 H
r£^ R n Csifl ~ l a v Water 6s. 11", —
v r nl s r :- ¦ • • • f*«S - ! Do 4s 103*103
Oak r r r V?;-,7 :ilv - I» 3a mtg...M2 -
oSk Tra-nl":}!!.,^ Ga3 6S *»* ~
WATER STOCKS.
SSTSS^S" Sprin8 VaUfT * B "^
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool led off very well at the first of the
month, and a good demand was expected, but
the' market has jjuleted down again and is
now dull. No change In prices is reported.
Heps are slow and nominal, and little or no
contractinc Is reported. Holders are firm and
refused to srive the concessions demanded by
buyers, and there the matter stands.
Hides stand about the same, being quiet with
ami'le supplies on hand.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about le under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. S'i®9c: medium. 8%c: light. 8c.
Cowhides. Sc; Stags. 5c; Salted Kip. 8c: Calf.
8c; Dry Hides, sound. 15c; Dry Kip. 15c; Dry
Calf, 15c; culls and brands. 13c; Sheepskins,
Shearlings. 20®30c each; ehort Wool. 30tj*0c
each; medium,- 60QS0c: long Wool. 90c®$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt. $2i82 25 for large. $1 75
for medium, $1 for small and 50c for colts;
Horse Hides, dry. Jl 50 for large, $1 25 for me
dium, Jl for email and 25<g'50c for colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 33c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
EOc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 43^£c per lb; No.
2, 3«3Hc; grease. 2Q2HC.
WOOL-Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15®16c; Northern, defective, 12@
14c; Middle County, free. 14@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, I2:«"l4c; Southern Mountain, 12
month?', HS12c; Southern Mountain, frte, J
months', 10#12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. SfiUc: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16#17c; Nevada. 13<gl6c p er lb.
Fall Clip — San Joaquln, 6V»S8c: do Lambs',
SS'Oc: Middle County. 9311c per lb.
» HOPS— Old. nominal at StJlOc P«r lb; new
10® lie
San Francisco Meat Market.
WAb AND ELECTRIC STOCK3.
CentG&LOo— _ | J-ac L Co — 45
£ ent . V Co * B i Sac E > G*RCo 27*i —
Eqult G L Co. 3-4 Z% a F G & E.... 53^ 53*i
Mutual El Co. 10 11 ;San Francisco. 5 5U
O G L & H.... 4S^ 10 istknG&EColO -
Pac Gas Imp.. 51^ — |
INSrUANOE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.ir;'- —
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 8S'» - jL,>n P A A rus; _
?a, nk s o r5£ a T :.^ z te«i£2 =
First National. 275 — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L..133O 1325 Sav & L So.... 74 73
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 43 — [Union T Co!;." — —
S Jp Sav I; . . . .^0* — \
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....123 - ;O S L & K.... - 43
Geary-at 50 — Presidio — 2J-i
Market-st 64U K I *
POWDER STOCKS
California 135 162'j Vigori: JU JU
Giant Con Co. 84U 85 | y~ *
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7* 8 f Kilauea 3P Co 2W -
w aW ,F & e S rP° 86 W 'Makaweli S Co 4.vJ 44
Honokaa S Co. 29H — Onomea 5 Co v£ 2S
Hutch S P Co. 21 — IPaaahau 3 Co! h£ Soil
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. HS'-fcllSVi 1 Pac a F A " —
Cal Fruit Assn 86V, — j Pac C Her Co'liO —
Mer Ex Assn. ST 100 Par Palr.t Co. 12^ —
Oceanic S Co.. 03*i U 1
Morning Session.
Board — ,: ...
50 Equitable Gas 3 23
5 Giant Powder Con *4 25
30 Hutchlnson S P Co ;.. 24 00
25 Makaweli Sugar Co. b 30 44 TVii
60 Oakland Gas 43 75
J3WX) Oceanic Steamship Dond3 107 25
100 Pacific Gas Improvement 51 25
>
The only change Is a slight decline In Hogs,
which are In rather better supply. Other de
scriptions are steady at the old quotations.
BEEF— 3«€c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 7®?c; small. S 1 ,i'S3Vic per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7ViSSc; ewes. 7<87*jc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 8H@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6c for small, Wif 5!»c for
medium and oH^SHc for large: stock Hogs
and feeders, 5Mj'ij5%c; dressed Hogs, 8®SHc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bag3 are weak, and close buy
ers can secure concessions. San Quentin Bags,
$5 65; Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c; Wool Bags,
28ViS32»ic; Fleece Twine. 7Vic; Fruit Bags. G'.-a j
@ea;c for white and 8ViS6%c for bleached Jute. |
CANNED FRUIT— The market rules firm,
with moderate supplies of the best grades.
Extras in 2U-lb tins are quoted as follows:
Apricots. SI 50 for unpeeled. Jl 85 for peeled
and Jl 95 for peeled and sliced; Blackberries,
$1 60; Cherries. !1 75 for black, $1 85 for white
and $2 for Royal Anne; Currants, $1 75: Goose
berries, $1 65; Orapes, $1 35; Nectarines. SI 50;
Peachen, $1 60QI 75; Pears. Jl 75; Plums. SI 35
<gl 40; Quinces, SI 65; Raspberries, SI 85; Straw
berries, $1 75.
•COAL— Stocks continue light and the market
is firm. Wellington. S3 Per ton; Southfield
nVelllr.gton. ?3; Seattle. S7; Bryant. $6; Coos
I Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wall
send, $9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and S13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eggr. S14; Can
nel, ?U per ton; Coke, $16 per ton in bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$S 45 per 2000 lbs, and JS 50 per ton, according
to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH-Bundles. 3Hc; cases, 43
4t£c; imitation Eastern, $5 50; boneless SUc
strips, 5?i@6»4c: blocks. 5%@6e; tablets. 6%c
middles, 6®Sc; desiccated 87'ic per dozen
pickled. $7 per bbl and $4 per half bbl.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 13c per lb;
Sisal sizes and bale rope. 9%c; Duplex, g^ic.
Terms. 60 days, or 1H per cent cash discount.
COFFEE — Costa Kica — 14V4@15c for prime
washed, 13® 14c for good washed, 13H'gl4^ic for
good to prime washed peaberry. 12H®13c for
good to prime peaberry. 12ft isuc for good to
prime, lOVaS'll^ic for good current mixed with
black beans, 10^4@ll»ic for fair, ' 7!4®9i4c nomi
nal" for common to ordinary.
Salvador — llHljHc for good to prime washed.
KAi^llc for fair washed, l'lj'SlSVsc for good to
prime semi-washed. ll@HVic for superior un
washed. 10%«j lie for good green unwashed, li®
ll'/ic for good to superior unwashed peaberry,
7Vi$j9'.ic nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 14@17«£c for prime to fancy
washed. m4@13ttc for fair to strictly good
washed, lWciWic nominal for good to superior
unwashed, ll^iaifc nominal for good to prime
unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 14® 17V4c for prime
to fancy washed, lS#13?;c for strictly good
washed, ll%@12?ic for good washed. J»JSlHic
for fair washed. gH'glO^c for medium. 6\!ffS?4C
for Inferior to ordinary. 13@14V»c for good to
prime washed peaberry, HV.-@12c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. 10* 4 ®ll^c
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Prices show no change. The
market is steady. Sole, heavy. 28g33c per lb:
Scle Leather, medium. 26@30c; Sole Leather,
light. 26@23c; Rough Leather, heavy. 27823c;
Rough Leather, light, 25@26c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 323)3Sc; Harness Leather, medium, S0@
37c; Harness Leather, light. 23@35c: Collar
Leather, 15@16c per foot: Kip. finished. 40®50c
per lb; Veal, finished, 50S35c: Calf, finished,
75e®Jl 20; Sides, finished. 16#17c per foot: Belt
Knife Splits. 14gl6c; Rough Splits. 8310c per
pound.
TANBARK— Is higher. Ground. $2S<@23 per
ton; Stick, $1S#2O per cord.
J10.COO Sacramento Electric Gas & Ry as.. 9i> 75
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 53 50
Zi Spring Valley Water 95 25
Street—
20 Giant Powder Con 84 23
10 Spring Valley Water ,95 £>
Afternoon Session.
100 Contra Costa Water C3 59
100 Equitable Gas 3 25
100 Giant Powder Con Si CO
10 Giant Powder Con 34 25
5 Hpnokaa Susrar Co 23 62*4
40 Hitchlnson S P Co 24 00
15 Kilauea Susrar P Co 20 73
$SdOO Park & Cliff House 83 104 CO
50 9 F Gas & Electric Co 53 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co. b 30 53 75
3 Spring Valley Water 95 12^
I 50 Spring Valley Water 93 Z,
Street —
J15.0CQ S P Branch Railway 6s 132 50
1100 Vigorit Powder 3 12 1 *
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— '•
10O Home Oil 4 Si
200 Yukon W
101* California-Standard 20
Street—
20 Oil City Petroleum 19 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
150 Home OH * SS
ldOHome Oil 4 30
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the salea in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 14! 100 Gould & Curry IT
100 Best & Belcher 17, 500 Hale & Norc... 1»
50 Caledonia U 2M Mexican 24
150 Caledonia 50 300 Potosi 23
SCO Challenge 20 1<X> Savage 10
60O Chollar 18 40O Sierra Nevada. SS..
200 Con Cal & Va..l 30: 200 Union Con 19
100 Crown Point... 14 1 3W Yell^ Jacket.. 24
Afternoon Session.
200 Beat & Belcher 16 100 Ophir BJ
300 Challenge IS 400 Ophir SI
100 Challenge 13 300 Sierra Nevada. 38
600 Chollar 15 SCO Silver Hill .... »
£00 Con Cal & Va.l 2a 100 Sllrer Hill .... 33
10O Crown Point.... 12 «oi->lMOin „ 19
300 Justice 02 20O Yellow Jacket..' 23
The following were the salea In tha Padfio
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morales Session.
4TO Belcher 13! 400 Ophir 14
400 Best & Belcher IS I 100 Ophir C3
SOO Best & Belcher 17 1 100 Ophir 12
700 Beat & Belcher 18 300 Potosl 21
200 Challenge Con.. IS 500 Savage 11
300 Chollar 18 300 Savage 10
300 Con Cal & Va..l 30!l0O0 Yellow Jacket.. 24
SOO Con Cal & V.I 27^ SCO Yellow Jacket.. 22
1100 Gould & Curry 16
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia 62 200 Ophir S3
100 Caledonia 51 £00 Ophir 10
2C0 Caledonia, 47 300 Ophir 49
300 Challenge 131 2C0 Sierra Nevada. S«
400 Chollar 14; 200 Silver Hill 33
•00 Con Cal £ Va..l S3! 10O Union Con 19
3C0 Gould & Curry 18! 100 Union Con .... JS
200 Hale & Norc... IS! 200 Yellow Jacket.. »
100 Mexican 25i 500 Yellow Jacket.. 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Aur. 23-4 p. m.
Bid-Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 05 06, Justice 02 C3
Alta 02 04 Kentuck — 63
Andes 07 08 1 Lady Wash .... — 03
Belcher 13 U\ Mexican 24 25
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. I,
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
79c; raw, 77c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 73c per
gallon for boiled and "lc for raw; Lard Oil. ex
tra winter strained, barrels, 70c; cases, 73c;
China Nut. 6S@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels. 60c; cases. 65c: Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. ZlM@*Z^c per gallon;
Fish Oil. barrels, 35c; cases, 40c.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND BENZINE
—"Water White Coal Oil. in bulk. 12Hc; Pearl
Oil. In cases. lS*4c; Astral Oil. In cases. ISHo:
Star Oil. In cases. lS%c; Extra Star Olt In !
cases, 22^c; Elaine Oil, In cases, I3Hc; Eocene,
20%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 13c;
Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In cases, lie; Ben
zine, in bulk. 14c; Benzine, in cases. 20c: SS
degree Gasoline. In bulk, 21c; S6-degree Gaso
line. In cases. 27c.
TURPENTINE— Quoted at 64c per gallon in
cases and 5Sc in drums or Iron barrels.
RED AND "WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7U<S
7%c per lb; "White Lead, 7®7%e. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $43 per flask for local use
and $4341*45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 8.70c: Powdered.
6 3rtc; Candy Granulated. 6.30c: Dry Granulated.
6.20c; Confectioners' A. 6.:0c; Magnolia A, 5.80c;
Extra C, 5.70c; Golden C, 5.<0c; barrels, 10c
more: half-barrels, 23c more: boxes, 50c more:
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos.
half-barrels, 6.95c; boxes, 7.20c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $16<B17: extra sizes, higher; Red
wocd, $17(fflS for No. 1 and $15 and $16 for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet. *3 00@4; Pickets. MS: Shingles.
$1 75 for common and 12 75 for fancy; Shakes,
Jll for split and $12 for%awn; Rustic. i21<g27c.
Receipts of. Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. AUGUST 28.
Flour, qr sks..... 1,400 Wool, bales 2-19
Wheat, ctls 22,17:* Hops, bale 1
Barley, ctls ......65,342 Powder, car ...... 1
Oats, ctls 1,575 Paper, reams .... 1,000
Corn, ctls 62 Leather, rolls .... 65
Tallow, ctls ..... 2S>2 Eggs, doz J.25O
Butter, ctls, SS Wine, gals 43,300
Cheese. ctl3 24 Quicksilver, flsks. 44
Potatoes, ctls .:. 3,040 Hides, No 996
Onions, ctls . 500 Pelts, bdls 430
Bran, ctls .'.'....,.'- -7(H> Straw, tons 4
Middlings, ctla .. 1,160 Hay, tons 244
Mustard, ctls .... 61'
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... .11,854 Bran, sks 815
Oats, Ctls 1.&05I v r
-• ¦ — -
THE STOCK MARKET.
Best & Belcher 15 IS Occidental 10 11
Bullion 03 e4;Oj>hlr 4S E0
Caledonia ...... 4fi 47 Overman 08 07
Chollar 14 15 Potosl 20 23
Challenge Con.. IS 1? Savaj* 09 1J
Confidence 65 67|Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 20 1 23 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada.. 35 37
Con New York 01 €2 Silver Hill .... Zt 33
Eureka Con ... — 4o'St Louts — IZ
Crown Point... 12 13 '(Standard —4 13
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — Od
Gould & Curry 16 17 Union Con ..... 13 1!»
Hale & Norc... IT 18 Utah C* 07
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 21 23
Notice to Mariners.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. United States
Navy. Merchants' Exchange, San Fran
cisco. Cal.
LYNN CANAL. SE. ALASKA. SHERMAN
fcOCK. BF.I.T. BUOY.
Notice is hereby given that on July 30. 19C0.
a r;d nun-shared bell buoy was established In
83 fset of water about 100 feet WSW. from Sher
man Rock, eastern shore of Lynn Canal.
Bearings of prominent objects from the buoy
as taken from charts Nos. 8302 and S303 of th«
United States Coas>t and Geodetic Survey are:
Point Sherman. N. by E.
West tanzent. Point St. Marys. S3. by K.
% E.
Sullivan Rock. W. % N.
In very strong ebb tides and moderate
weather, also when ice collects around tha
buoy, the bell can not be depended upon to
rin*. Pilots and masters of vessels are re
quested to notify the lighthouse Inspector if
this buoy should drift from its position or raU
to work satisfactorily. ,
Bearings are magnetic and given approxl-
Th's notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1500," page So. By order
of the Lighthouse Board. „.-,,. VQn v
FKANCI3 J. HIGGINSON,
Rear Admiral. U. S. Navy. Chairman.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
4_ _ *
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Vaters . at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide 1» the same' at both places.
V.'EDNESDAY. AUGUST 29. '
Sun rises J^V
Sun sets V,V ™
Moon sets S:34 P- m.
local stocks and bonds continued quiet, with
no fluctuations worthy of note
Home Oil declined to $1 39. Otherwise the oil
stocks were unchanged.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Tuesday] Aug. ss-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BOXDS.
BId.Ask Bld.Ask
4s-quar coup.. 115 116 4s do o new.. 134 1S5
4s do reg.. ...'.. llj 116 39 do coup 100 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-st Cab 5s.ll6H — (Oak W entd Ss — 103
C C -Water 5s. 106",s — Oceanic S C0..IO" 107%
Ed L & p 6s..l27^ - Om C Ry 6s. ..128 — .
F & Cl Ry 6S.115 - P & Cl Ry 6s. 104 104H
Geary-st R &s. - .3J.P4ORR fa.llS -^
H C A d 3>is. — — Powell-st R 6a.l20 —
' Do 5s _ 104 Sac El O&R3s. 99% —
H., A. Ry 6S....107H -ISP & SJV Ss.119^120
L A Lt Co 6a. — — IS R of Cal 6s.Ul\ini*i
Do gntd 63..- •-"; Is P of A e3...1UH112la
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
band column and the successive tld'» of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to t:me. Th«*
second time column Rives the secor. I tide cf
the day. tho third time column the third tide
and the last or right .hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
Continued on Page Eleven.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; AUGUST 29, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION,
Sterling Exchange. 60 days........ — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — .4 8SV4
Sterling Cables ......... -r 4 89^
New York Exchange, 1 sight...... "—•. 05
New. York Exchange, telegraphic — 0V£
Fine Silver, per ounce.;." — 61*4
Mexican Dollars, nominal .... — . 49
Wheat and ! Other ' Grains.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
« Time ITlmeJ Tim? Time _
9 Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
J? H W Li W H.V? L W
23 1:00 4.3; 7:14 1.9 15*1 S.lt 9:15 1.3
M " 2:55! 4.0 7:45 2.3 2:»{ -5.1 9:H 1.3
31 " 357 S.sl 8:25 2.« 2:59 5.0 1" W 1.1
I '" 5:11 ».7l 9:15 3.0 3:4i| 5.0 i: 101 O.J
• ". 6:2« 3.7|10:23 3.2| 4:361 5.0!. I
" |L V." ]H ~W\ 11. W| |H VT
S ..I 0:13 O.S! 7:C2 3.9( 11:451 3.3 i:42 5.1
4 ...I 1:10 0.4J 8:2i 4.3 ! 13:53! S.lj 5.3
« Time ITlmeJ Tim? Time _
9 Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
J? H W Li W H.V? L W
23 1:00 4.3; 7:14 1.9 15*1 S.lt 9:15 1.3
M " 2:55! 4.0 7:45 2.3 2:»{ -5.1 9:H 1.3
31 " 357 S.sl 8:25 2.« 2:59 5.0 1" W 1.1
I '" 5:11 ».7l 9:15 3.0 3:4i| 5.0 i: 101 O.J
• ". 6:2« 3.7|10:23 3.2| 4:361 5.0!. I
" |L V." ]H ~W\ 11. W| |H VT
S ..I 0:13 O.S! 7:C2 3.9( 11:451 3.3 i:42 5.1
4 ...I 1:10 0.4J 8:2i 4.3 ! 13:53! S.lj 5.3
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE!
an.'tKr - i All well broken; « sreat bi«sIt ehall be unlawful for the owner, proprie
tor, manager or person having the occupancy,
charge or control of any saloon, cafe or public
place, or of any room, apartment or place at
tached to or connected with, forming a part
of, leading to or from such saloon, cafe or pub
lic place, or of any house, room, apartment or
place where liquors, drinks or cigars are dis
pensed, sold or given away to suffer, permit
or allow any game or games mentioned In the
preceding section to be dealt, played, carried
on, opened, conducted, played at or bet at or
against.
* Another section provides that the or
dinance shall not affect games or betting
in premises occupied or used as private
clubrooms or by associations that have re
ceived written consent from the Police
Commissioners, nor will it affect games or
betting in any family dwelling exclusively
used as such.
The ordinance prohibiting persons from
becoming Inmates of or visitors to pool
rooms or places where pools are made,
bought or sold or registered on horse
racing, dograclng or boxing contests was
passed to print.
The ordinance regulating the construc
tion and maintenance of nickel-ln-the-slot
machines, prohibiting cheats and frauds
in connection therewith and providing for
,the examination and Inspection of the
same by police officers was passed to
print.
Supervisor d'Ancona opposed the passage
of the ordinance on the ground that It
was vicious legislation In the Interest of
gambling devices, that should be abol
ished altogether. He said they diverted
money from legitimate channels of trade
and encouraged drinking. Braunhart ex
plained that the ordinance was intended
to prevent fraud in connection with the
machines. Tobln favored the ordinance,
as it had been drafted by the police de
partment, and. he said, would In a meas
ure remedy certain existing evils.
play, carry on, open, conduct, pipy at; bet at
or against nny games played with cards for
money, checks, credit or other representative
of value tn any saloon, cafe or public place, or
In any room, apartment, place attached to or
connected with, forming: a part of, leading to
or from any such saloon, cafe or public place,
or In any house, room, apartment or place
where liquors, drinks or cigars are dispensed,
sold or given away. .
THE crusade now being waged against
public gambling, and especially di
rected against the Cafe Royal, was
continued yesterday by the Introduc
tion of two ordinances at the meeting of
the Board of Supervisors making it unlaw
ful to visit any saloon, cafe or public place
where liquors or cigars are dispensed and
whore any game played with cards for
money is played. Their provisions, how
ever, shall not apply to certain places,
where the written consent of the Board
of Police Commissioners has been given
for the conduct or playing of such games,
and shall not affect the playing of any
such game In private family dwellings.
Comte said that the two bills had re
ceived the sanction of the District Attor
ney and the Chief of Police, and were in
tended to stop the evils of public gam
bling. They were referred to the Police
Committee.
The first ordinance follows;
It shall be unlawful for any person to become
an Inmate of or visit any saloon, cafe or public
place, or any room, apartment or place at
tached to or connected with, forming a part
of. leading to or from any such saloon, cafe
or public place, or any house, room, apartment
or place where liquorB. drinks or cigars are dis
pensed, sold or given away, and where any
came played with cards for money, check*,
credit or other representative of value Is dealt,
played, carried on. opened or conducted.
The provisions of thin ordinance shall not
apply to or affect any house, room, apartment
or place occupied or used* as a private club
room by a club or association of Individuals
organized for social purpose* to which club or
association a written consent has been ulven
by the Board of Police CommlRBloners of the
city and county of San Francisco for the deal-
Ing, plajintr, carrying on or conducting of any
game mentioned herein, nor to family dwellings
occupied and used exclusively as such. . ,; : .:.
The second ordinance makes It unlaw
ful to deal or bet on any game played
with cards for money In any saloon or
cafe where drinks are dispensed, and pro
hibits the owner, proprietor or manager
of any such place to allow such games.
The ordinance follows:
It shall be unlawful for any person to deal.
Comte's Ordinances Make It Un
lawful to Play or Bet on Card
Games in Saloons.
INTRODUCES LAWS
TO STOP GAMBLING
• OAKLAND. Aug. 28.— A marriage license
was Issued to-day to George Vincent 2?
and Augusta Shacn, 29, both of San Fran
cisco HiililUllifli^i' ' ?"»"*»»"
Licensed to Marry.
Among the historic property destroyed
by the recent fire In the Charleston Navy
\ard was the cutter which . was saved
from the Alabama in. her famous fight
with the Kearsarge.
The Union Iron Works filed a libel yes
terday In the United States District Court
against the steamship Belgian King to
recover $12,416 66 alleged to be due for re
pair and dockage.
Belgian King Libeled.
Judgment ... was rendered ¦ yesterday '.' by
United States District Judge de .Haven In
favor of the plaintiff in the. case of the
United States vs. W.' H. Hermann for; $100
exemplary damages for ' having , detained
the ¦ clothing and ¦ kit : of Francis Mauger.
a. sailor, ; under ' claim of •? debt. Hermann
keeps a sailor, boarding-house.
Boarding House Keeper Punished.
Fernando Castro, a saloon keeper of
Banta, tiled a petition In insolvency yes
terday In the United States District Court.
He owes $634 68 nnd he has $161 assets.
An Insolvent , Saloon-Keeper.
Port Collector Jackson has appointed C
M. Dufilcy.frprn.the Civil Service eligible
list as assistant weigher In the Custom
house, vice H. H. Jones resigned The
salary is $1200 per annum. e
C. M. Dufflcy Appointed.
The Board of Public Works directed
Secretary Park yesterday to prepare an
invitation for bids in accordance with law
for the immediate installation of ''a com
plete photographic gallery on the roof of
the Hall of Justice building. The gallerv
is to be used In connection with the Ber
tillion system of Identification of crim
inal s. ,i£|i£^|^gSg36EEM
New Police Photograph Gallery.
ris, a pioneer bookseller and stationer of
this city, died this morning, aged 64 years
Mr. Morris had been 111 only a wsek. He
was one of the most respected residents'
of Sacramento and a prominent member
of the Jewish faith. For many years he
was secretary of the Congregation B'nal
Israel of this city, a member of the In
dependent Order of B'nai B'rith and he
was also prominent in the local lodges
and Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows, being
one of the veterans of that order. The
funeral will take place from Odd Fellows'
Hall In this city Thursday afternoon. Mr.
Morris had for thirty-two years conducted
his bookselling and stationery business on
J street, between. Fourth and Fifth; Ho
was held in high respect by all classes.
| THE I«ATE SAMUEL MORRIS. V
j Photo by Leftwlch. t
Special Dlcpntch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 2S.-Samuei Mor-
Tickets were placed on - sale yesterday
by the management of the little theater
and quite a number were disposed of be
fore evening.' : To Insure a respectable
sum for the fund . there must necessarily
be. a large r attendance, and the patrlotlo
residents of- this ; city, it is expected, will
be there In numbers.
Miss-Mabel Carmlchael will take the
part of Barbara Hare, who always in love
wth Archibald Carlyle, becomes his. wife
when'I-ady Isabel is led astray. .
MISS MABEL CARMICHAEL.
THE fund being raised for the rellet
of the widow of the late Colonel Du
boce will doubtless be materially | in
creased this evening by a perform
ance to be given in the Alta Theater, on
Grove ; Btreet; near . Polk. ' "East Lynne,"
that stirring melodrama' which has al
ways been a favorite with theater goers,
will be presented by a new " stock com
pany. Miss Louise Carter, the leading
lady, has won -recognition as an actress,
and it is fair to presume that she will do
justice to the difficult dual role of Laa>
Isabel . and Madam Vine. Clark McFar
land "will Impersonate tlje character «
Archibald Carlyle and Willis Marks. ana
Frank C. Thompson will take : . the parts
of Sir Francis Levinson and Lord Mount
Severn. . . ' - ' v .': '
» „¦.-.,
The Supreme Court has rendered a de
cision of interest to miners and pros
pectors. Houston, Mann ; brought an ac
tion against Al Budlong and George Deck
to determine his possessory right to a
quartz mining claim called the Ontario
mine. Budlong and Deck alleged a failure
on the part of Mann to perform the neces
sary amount of work required by law, and
in the lower court they won. It seems
that Mann also owned the Jeanette : claim
on the same lode, which was a continuous
and overlapping claim of the Ontario lo
cation. He drove 5 * several tunnels In the
Jcanette claim for the purpose of devel
oping both properties, and. this work rep
resented* more labor and money than re
quired for both claims.
The lower court found that the work
performed on the Jeanette claim did not
tend to develop the Ontario,, but ¦¦ the Su
preme Court holds otherwise; it says
that the court shall not substitute Its own
judgment and wisdom as to the best
methods of developing the mine In place
of that of the owner. The higher court
holds that the tunneling tended to de
velop both mines, and the cost of the
work being far in excess of what is re
quired by ¦ law and the work being in
X>rogress at the time of the defendant's
entry It cannot he said that the original
location had been abandoned. The case
comes from San Bernardino County.
MORE NEW LAW FOR
THE OWNERS OF MINES
J. W. Farren. Major J. E. Power. J.
Coughlan, J. Rafferty, P. Phelan, C. Ly
onp, James McGregor, P. McGinn, Joseph
Woods. C. P. Moore. J. P. Garslde. J.
Powers, L. Methan. John Murphy, T. J.
Bourke, G. R. Richmond. P. D. Bourke.
Thomas Bailie. P. Landers. J. M. Sullivan.
J. J. Looney. P. Kllcoyne. J. H. Leary,
W. J. Gavin. J. J. Clifford. V. Slggins, W
Pryal, J. J. Donahue. John Devlin. P.
Dougherty. John Bourke, M. Murphy,
Thomas Kerrigan, W. McGllloway, P.
Hanley, P. Kerrigan, Syl Turner, M. Rog
ers. W. Madden, J. Moloney. P. Smith,
John Cusack. J. Qutnn, B. McGafflgan, C
WilkerBon, M. J. Moran; P. J. Sheehy D!
IX Buckley. W. Cribbin, R. Furlong, J.
Coughlan. P. Farrell, J. McShane, Thom
as Lane. P. J. McAssey. P. Moloney, John
Drlscoll. P. Berglven. B.- Hurley, T. Dug
gan, J. C. Johnson, W. Fleming, J. Klin
ton, "W. A. Maher, T. Martin. J. Creedon,
John Butler, G. Scanlan. C. McDevltt. T.
Cavanagh, J.-Walsh. P. Gilmore, M. Kane
M. Regan. -D. Casey. C. Whalen. James
O'N. McGoldrlck and Hugh E. Ryan.
Gate— John Coghlan, P. Landers, James
Walsh. N. Slgglns. -
Games— T. Kerrigan. M. Rodgers, J. J.
Looney. J. J. Donahue, P. J. Sheehy, P.
Maloney.
Floor managers— Major J. E. Power, F.
Farren, D. Buckley.
The people of St. Brendan's Church will
add to the Admission day celebration by
giving a picnic at Shell. Mound Park on
September 10. After the parade partici
pants therein can enjoy the picnic, as
boats run to connect with trains every
half-hour. There will be gate and' game
prizes offered. Although only one can win
the $10 gate prize, there will be about
fifty others worth trying for. The follow
ing-general committee has been appoint
ed:
ST. BRENDAN'S PEOPLE
WILL ENJOY A PICNIC
Miss McKinstry Is also th*» head of the
district nurses' bureau connected with the
clinic. Two nurses are kept busy attend
ing the sick poor and are paid by the
ladies interested In the movement. .
The list of physicians who will consti
tute the medical staff of the Mercy Clinic
Includes Dr. John R. McMurdo. eve. ear.
nose and throat: Dr. A. I*. O'BriSn. gen
tto-urinary diseases; Dr. Vincent P. Buck
ley and Dr. A. W. Perry, general medi
cine; Dr. Theodore Rethers. surgery; Dr
Robert J. G. O'Connell. diseases of chil
dren: Dr. E. F. Donnelly, skin nnd nerv
ous diseases; Dr. C. C. Mohun. gynecol
ogy. The doctors will select assistants as
the exigencies will require, Edward Glea
son has been appointed druggist, and a
small charge for medicines to cover their
cost will be made to patients able to pay
that being the only expense connected
with the institution.
An eight-room house has been secured
and Is now partially fitted up. There is
a . reception room, a dispensary, well
stocked with drugs of all descriptions,
and an operating room. Surgical instru
ments have been contributed by the ladies
and several; doctors who have Interested
themselves In the movement. The clinic
will be maintained by voluntary contribu
tions and by the doctors, who will assess
themselves; for the cause until money
enough is coming in to pay the expenses
without their v help. Rev. Father Woods
of St. Ignatius Church and Rev. Father
Patrick Cummlngs of St. Patrick's Church
will also lend their support.
A mimber of charitable Catholic Indies
and gentlemen of thi3 city have estab
lished a free clinic at MS Howard street,
near Third, to be known as the "Mercy"
Clinic. Miss Mellls, who la connected
with the sewing circle of the Francesca
Relief Society, an adjunct of St. Ignatius
College; Mrs. Bertha Welch, and Mrs.
Parrott, who are well known In cnaritable
circles, have lent valuable . assistance to
Miffs Laura McKinstry, who first con
ceived the idea of providing a place where
poor people could be treated free. Miss
McKinstry was formerly a trained nurse
at the Presidio, and she has already re
ceived the approval of Archbishop Rior
dan in her good work. His Grace Insisted,
however, that the clinic be made non
sectarian, so that members of all religions
would be treated.
CLINIC ESTABLISHED
BY CATHOLIC LADIES
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
rN-ivERsrrr of ' California
DERKKLET. Aug. 28.— President and Mrs.
Perjamin Ide Whe*>ler will give a recep
tion to the members of the freshman class
n»"-xt Friday evening from 8 to 11 o'clock
In Hearst Hall. Mrs. Wheeler ¦will be as
tl?t*»d in receiving by Mrs. Phoebe A
Hearst.
Barcley Henlry has written to President
Whe^Jer denying the statement recently
printed that an sttempt had been made to
tribe his nephew, Arthur Henley the star
ethlete from Ukiah. now a freshman at
Stanford to come to Berkeley. It was
Mr. Henley's own wish that his nephew
Btt^nd the Statp institution, but he says
tho story of attempted bribery is without
foundation.
On the recommendation of Graduate
Manager Reno Hutchinson the executive
remmfttfe of the university appointed D
XV. Loringr direr-tor of the glee club in
Elace of C. R. Morse. The glee club will
p reorganized.
Debating «*mblem» will be giv«»n tn F. E
Borton. Hastings College of Law. ». ot
the Carnot and Intercoilpjriate teams; O
E. Hotle. '01, ot the intercollegiate team.
and \V. B. Greeley, '01. of the Carnot
'• am.
.President Wheeler went to San Jose to
tay to attend the convention of city and
: unty school puporlntendents. He will re
t--n to-morrow.
'rrofffnnr William A. Setchell. head of
the department of botany of the. Unlver-
Mtjr of California, is the author of an ap
frc'lative sketch of the life of Daniel
Cady Katon. professor of botany in Vale
l/nivprpity and a great authority on ferns,
tn th< July number of the Fern Bulletin.
1 '•¦<¦¦ ec f). Louderltach. U." C. '95, pro
'• "•' ¦! of chemiftry at the University ot
Nevada, visited college yesterday.
JarriH Hoppor. XJ. C. *9S. will coach the
f< "'ha:: team for the University of Ne
rn<1a for the coming season.
Kx-Pn^drnt Martin Kellosg is expected
to arrive in Berkeley about September L
f*r»-si.i«>nr Kellosc has Just made an inter
estlng clr uit of the globe.
E. A. J.:ck?on. '01, ex-pres1d>nt of the
Associated Students, will attend Harvard
next year.
DEATH FOLLOW WOMAN'S
FALL OF A FEW FEET
OAKLAND. Aug. 28.— Mrs. W. H. Jack
ron of 217 Ninih street Is dead as the re
fuH of injuries (tustained laut Saturday
tn an accidental fall from a low porch at
her residence. Her back was broken and
her body paraljzed from the shoulder?
Sown. Mrs. Jackion lost her balance and
r«-II backward wh;i e playing: with a child.
The little one al^ f e il. Drs. Dunn and
Hamlin sewed up a severe cut on the
Chfld h head. Dr. J s. Kltehinps. who at
!< iiU-d Mrs. Jacksr in# found that the un
fortunate woman's spine was badly frac
tured.
Children Bun Over by Horso.
. "i:"^? 1 ;? 1 ' U F- w -— A horse attached
;« .2.- Corj V ip " silvery wagon ran
,' y t M 1 -" J?i'-i rnlng ail<1 ran *nto. a crowd
|». Ftnall children o n their way to school.
KM"™ ? f t !T n \£ e T e knocked down and
jhe head and rirht leg. "fe.. H iir e 60n . who
rhi?,, on Blake street, was also hurt.
£rt. t^'VZ *• »?n was completely de
nolished before the horse was stopped.
THESPIANS WILL
AID DUBOCE FUND
SACRAMENTO PIONEER
SUCCUMBS TO ILLNESS
Blue coats and brass buttons cut a wide
swath last night at Pt. John's bazaar that
Is being held 11:1? week at old St. Mary's
College. Company O of the League of the
Cross Cadets gave an exhibition drill In
the main hall of the building. At the close
of the drill th*y were dismissed by Cap
tain Wesphler and the boys visited the
various booths and were the lions of the
evening. To-n!ght the Rev. Father Yorke
will visit the fatr. He will be accom
panied by the Rev. Fathers O'Ryan and
Dempeey. Father Yorke will make n short
address." On Friday night the members of
the Sacred Heart orchestra will give a
concert at the bazaar. They are far
famed for the splendid numbers they ren
der.
On Saturday night a raffle will take
place for one of the best bred greyhound
puppies in the State. The pup is a son of
that good hound and never-beaten racer.
For Freedom. Tickets are now selling for
50 cents. This is a chance to win a dog
that may be worth Borne day many thou
sand dollars.
Miss McLester. at St. John's booth, was
a very busy young lady last night. She
kept all the young men busy changing
twenty dollar gold pieces for her after
each eal*.
Sunnyside booth, presided over by Mrs.
Amrosch, Is one of the most attractive
booth? at the fair. The ladles who arc
assisting in the success of the booth are.
Miss Essie Ewell, Mrs. I^ee, Miss Lee and
Mrs. O'Conner.
The soda fountain last night did a big
business. Mrs. and Miss Supple wore hand
ling money all night after the ladles got
one taste of the strawberry icecream.
It Is more than possible that a big con
cert will be given the latter part of the
week and that such well-known theatrical
people as Ferris Uartman, Tom Green.
Homer Henley and "Bob" Mitchell will
appear. If you wish to visit the fair any
night this week take the Mission street
(yellow) car and it will land you at the
gates.
Expected.
St. John's Church. Fair Is Booming
and Big Results Are
REV. FATHER YORKE WILL
SPEAK AT THE BAZAAR
BURT WELDON, WHO SPRANG TO DEATH IN THE BAY. 1
OAKLAND. Aug. 2R.— Despondent over
falling to find relief from a physical |
affliction, Burt D. Weldon. a young |
epileptic, committed suicide to-day
by jumping overboard from the narrow
gauge ferry-boat Bay City this afternoon
The body disappeared before the steamer
was stopped and a lifeboat had been low
ered. Young Weldon resided at Seven
teenth avenue and East Twelfth street.
He left his home at noon declaring that
he Intended to end his life. His mother
was so Impressed with his assertion that
when he rushed out of the house she
called neighbors and they started in pur
suit of the desperate youth, but he eluded
them.
Weldon took the 1:16 o'clock train from
Fourteenth and Webster streets. After
he boarded the steamer he conversed a
few minutes with somt acquaintances and
then went to th* 1 restaurant, where he
drank some coffee. Then he went to the
wine room, took a glass of liquor and re
turned to a croup standing near the stern.
AVeldon left behind a bit of paper with
name and address, and then plunged sud
denly over the stern. His body rose once,
but he did nothing to save himself, and
disappeared while the deckhands were
trying to reach him.
Torn out of a notebook was the paper
sheet, which was picked up near where
he jumped. Weldon had written: "This is
my name and address— Burt D. Weldon.
335 East Twelfth street. Oakland, Cal. Tel
ephone to Brook 421 and ask them to teh
my mother about me."
For many months young Weldon had
been a sufferer from attacks of epilepsy.
He was under treatment for his affliction.
A short time ago he had been assured that
he was cured, but that fond hope was
crushed a few days ago, when the trouble
recurred. After the attack was over Wel
don became very low-spirited. Before he
left home this morning he tried to borrow
a pistol with which to kill himself. This
action, coupled with his frequent out
bursts of grief over his physical state,
greatly alarmed his parents. As he left
home he declared he would take the nar
row gauge boat and Jump overboard.
Weldon was 22 years old.
MUCH CONFUSION
CONCERNING THE
LAWS OF HAWAII
HONOLULU, Aug. 21.— Flogging as a
prison punishment still remains one of
the rules of Oahu prison, and an agitation
has been started for the elimination of
some of the harsher features of the old
prison laws. It Is claimed by lawyers
that the prison system of the islands is
very defective in that it fails to make
the proper distinctions between petty of
fenders and prisoners who are confined
for serious crimes.
The next Legislature will be asked to
change the rules so these difficulties may
be corrected. It is clulmed that unless
the proper distinctions are made the po
lice or district courts will not be able U>
do business. Under American law crim
inals charged with "infamous" offenses
have a right to Grand Jury indictments.
Hawaiian laws, making all prisoners,
even those in for petty offenses, liable to
hard labor, bring even drunks under this
category. ¦;• ,\. :•¦•¦-
Still another difficulty growing out of
the change of laws was developed yester
day In the district court, where Edwin d.
Gill, editor erf the Republican, was on
trial for criminal libel on account of his
paper's accounts of the recent Bar Asso
ciation banquet. It was contended by the
defense that GUI, unrjer American law,
had a right to both indictment by a Grand
Jury before trial and to a jury trial in the.
first instance. The district court could
not give the latter.
The case was thrown out of court on
the ground that It was the business of
the Grand Jury before it came before a
court.
The discovery has been made that by
the wording of the Territorial bill Con
gress has made an enactment that abso
lutely prohibits the sale of intoxicating
liquors in the Territory of Hawaii. The
enactment was undoubtedly an error, as
the discussions that took place on the
subject show, but it is clearly in the bill
and It seems likely to result, owing to the
fact that there is no penalty, in throwing
the liquor business wide open till the Ter
ritorial Legislature meets. '
In section 55 of the Territorial bill are
the words, "Nor shall Fp!rltuous*or intox
icating liquors be sold except under such
regulations and restrictions as the Terri
torial Legislature shall provide."
The Territorial Legislature has not met
yet and cannot meet for some months un
less there is a special session, hence no
regulations at all have been made or pro
vided. The words of Congress are there
fore Interpreted as meaning that no liquor
shall be sold in the Hawaiian Islands.
The most serious feature of the mistake
if such it is. Is that the words of the or
ganic law of the Islands may act as a re
peal of old Hawaiian laws which provide
for licenses for liquor selling. If the old
rules nnd restrictions are void the penal
ties for violating them fall with thnm.
nnd Hawaii is for the time being a "wide
open" country-
The point was raised by Attorney E. B.
McClanah.in In a suit against the'HolUs
ter Drug Company for selling pure alcohol
under a license for methylated spirits. It
was overruled in the Police Court, but
will be appealed, nnd liquor men under
sentence for violating license laws are
preparing to take advantage of the seem
ing error on the part of the lawmakers.
Whfn Hish^p Hamiltnn arose to respond
to the nice things paid by the preceding
fppakprs he was greeted enthusiastically.
. The distinguished prelate proved an en-
Tennir.ing talker and kept his auditor? in
a merry mnori by his apt stories, which he
frequently used to illustrate his remarks.
Jl* said ihrrp was committed to the peo
ple of California one of the trusts of em
pire that romf-s very seldom to a Staff.
H> MM the march of empire was west
•wnnl and that this city woiUd soon be the
Foene if even greater activity and com
r.T-r<iAl importance. He reiterated his
s^atrnT»n:s made at the ministers' moet
lnjr the da>' before, that he was looking
for liig- Ttio.™ — m*>n -who would comprehend
th»- nurse of events and act accordingly.
lie paid a tribute to President McKinley
uMch he said was not a political speech.
and the arpiaus^ which greeted the men
tion of the President's name was suffi
cient evidence that the congregation was
'in Fyrrpatby with the administration.
A mn!"- quartet; composed of William H.
I>sy. I>r. Harrett, E. T. Barrett and I. E.
Blake, r<-n<l#»red Gounod's "Blessed Is He
Who Cometh.*' Rev. James R. Day. chan
eellor of Syracuse University, was next
ir.rr<->i!iop<i. He paid tribute's to Bishop
J'p.mii'nn and Moore and said he could
rtog ihr-ir praises and tell of their splen
<1!d qualities with greater freedom had he
Twice the time. Rev. M. C. Harris. D.D..
at this rity followed «n<i told Bfshnp
M" 1 " 1 "" th^t th»» Japincsp and Chinese con
vti.« would pray for him during' his an
wiw in ft.» on*»m and that they would,
f.ilow his wnrk with deep Interest
Bev. S. P. Hutslnpiller. D.D.. pastor of
'¦••I'nil M. E. Churrh. followed and bade
rmweJI to Bishop Moor*, who has been
l.'.s personal friend since boyhood. Bishop
< r sr.qon was next introduced and spoke
B1 letycth on his experiences In the Orient
Jf paid hlsrh praise to the missionaries
and tn his brother Bishops.
BL«hop Mnor» in his response feelingly
thanked his bnthrpn for the words of en
couraeeroent th»»y had (riven him and he
«\prf-sed himself as being ready to un-
Certake his important work In the Orient
without fear of death, as he knew their
i>rayrrs and woll wishes followed him.
IJev. A. C. Rane delivered the benediction
trd the congregation dispersed.
In honor of the ococsion the platform
was decorated with ferns and smilax and
cut flowers brightened the scene. A tail
white cross, surmounted by a wreath
and wrapped in the stars and stripes,
occupied a coi:i?ric" uou -- position on the
platform as a symbol of the thoughts
which were In m- 3 minds of all pres^ni.
Seated on the platform w*re Bishops
Cranstrn. Hamilton ami Moore. Chancel
lor Day. Rev. Drs. Case. Dille, Hutsin
piller. Stephens. Bane and Karris, all of
whom took part in the services.
Bev. W. W. Case, D.D., presiding elder
of the Fan Francisco district, opened the
cerccjnles with a prayer, and at its con
clusion the choir cf Grace M. E. Churcn
rrr.nered an anthem. An address of wel
come was delivered by Rev, John
£:fpher?. pastor of Simpson Memorial
Church, which was emphasized by Rev.
i:. R. Dille. P.D.. pastor of the First M.
K. Church. Oakland.
When Chairman Ro1!h V. Watt. prc?i
doat ol the Methodist Social Union oi this
city, announced the aliening hymn more
man one thousand people responded. The
church choir led the >i::ging of "Onward.
Christian Soldiers." and the congregation
joined.
Tr.c occasion will Ions be marked as an
t-pocii m Methodist Kpitcopal Church cir-
Cifg. Seldom if ever In tnis city have three
.blfhoiis <A the church delivered addresses
;rum the same i>laiform on the game
evening:. 'ih« reception tendered tne
l-ight Itev. John \\ . Hamilton was a*
hearty as was the farewell to U:shu;>
Moore.
"May God go with you and bring you
safely home when your work is done."
was the fervent prayer uttered by Bishop
Earl Cranston on the platform of
Grace Methodist Kpiscopal Church last
night, as he grasped the hand of Bishoji
David H. Moore, In whose honor a faro
well and Godspeed reception was held by
the Methodist Social Union of San Fran
cisco. The prayer found echo in the
hearts of the hundreds of church mem
bers wiio filled the large edifice. All pres
ent seemed to appreciate the labor and
danger the departing prelate would eir
pcrie&cc in the Urifnt, i;nd their n-elintfs
v.ue c-xpreescd throughout tne evening
% > then cntnusiastic commendation of
i:.- l'rasye ar.d wisdom expressed by able
fpeaners.
Prelates of the Methodist
Church Given a Very
Warm Reception.
THREE BISHOPS
TALKED FROM
ONE PLATFORM
United States District Judge de Haven
Issued an order yesterday, authorizing and
directing United States Marshal Shine to
sell the German bark Pfluger to satisfy
the claim o! the L. E. .White Lumber. Co,
Bark Ffluger to Be Sold.
September 7. The members of Fresno
Parlor will arrive in this city on the
evening of the 8th and march to head
quarters. After the parade on the 10th
they will receive visitors. On the follow
ing day the members In a body will visit
the other parlors in various parts of the
city.
Grand Marshal Costello received a let
ter from Washington yesterday which as
sures the presence in the parade of a large
detachment of regular troops. The letter
was from the adjutant general, and states
that Major General Shatter has been or
dered by the Secretary of War to turn
out all the troops at his disposal on the
day of the parade. The order gives Gen
eral Shafter authority over troops in tran
sit, which means a far larger representa
tion of regular troops than it would have
been possible to obtain had not this au
thority been given. The grand marshal
will immediately confer with General
Shafter as to the arrangement of details
connected with the regular army display.
The Navy Department has directed the
fullest participation possible by the Iowa
and other naval vessels which may be in
and about this harbor at the time of the
celebration. This order applies to the
naval parade of September 8 and also to
the day parade through the city on Sep
tember If).
A float designed to illustrate the re
sources of Kern County Is now In course
of preparation at Rakersfleld. The float
will be thirty-four feet long, twenty-eight
feet wide and fourteen feet high. It is
designed to typify the mineral resources
of the county particularly, and it will
represent two mountains. On one of these
mountains four oil derricks In miniature
will be erected, and the whole process of
drilling, pumping and delivering will be
shown. Imitation machinery will be In
actual operation. On the other mountain
will be displayed the manner In which
the Yellow Aster gets out Its gold ore and
reduces it. An exact duplicate of this
wonderful mine and mill, both in runnln?
order, mimicking the desert enterprise,
will be mode. Painted drapery represent
ing sloping hillsides will hansr to the
ground, hiding the wheeta of the wagon
which bears the float, ana making the re
sult realistic. The whole will be drawn
by six black horses, gayly comparisoned
aiid led by six Natives of the same color
and gayly comparisoned likewise.;. \ ;
The following subscriptions were re
ceived yesterday by the finance commit
tee:
Charles A. ZInkand. $200: Hey, Grauer
holz & Co., A. P. Hotaling & Co., Charles
Melnecke & Co. and La Grande Laundry,
$50 each; S. E. Sloan Timber Company.
W. G. Stafford & Co.. Alaska Exploration
Company, Foster & Orear, TIan?en & El
rick, John Finn Metal Works, A. J. Mr-
Nicol & Co., Parke. Lacey & Co., H. N.
Cook Belting Company. Pelton Water
wheel Company. Vulcan Iron Works.
Great American Importing Tea Company.
Olympia Theater, Thalia Theater. Neck
Diers. D. D. Was?. Morton Special De
livery. Anglo-American Crockery Com
pany. S. Sternhelm & Son. Wreden. Kohl
moos & Co., Christy & Wise Company
and Hildebrandt, Posen & Co., $23 each.
Two Years for Stealing Bicycles.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 2S.-Fred Erie, the
bicycle thief, was to-day sentenced to
serve a term of two years In San Quen
tln. Erie Is the son of a former well
known machinery importer of San Fran
cisco, now of New York, and is a gradu
ate of the Peekskill. N. Y., Dental Col
lecro.
Dominic Zurlo, an Italian, was to-day
sentenced to one year in San Quentln for
grand larceny.
Dan Murphy received a sentence of one
year in San Quentln far burglary.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 28. -Colonel A. K.
Whltten of this city, commander of the*
Fifth Regiment. N. G. C. was married at
Santa Cruz yesterday to Mlaa Belle Davlg
of this city. Colonel Whitten has been
connected with the National Guard since
1S82 and during the recent war was major
In the -Eighth California Volunteers.
YOUTHTUX HORSETTIIEF.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
COVELO. Aug. 2S.— Albert Meyers and
William Swearinger. two well-known
young men about town arrested on a
charge of horse stealing, were given a
hearing to-day. : Swearinger was released
upon proving how he became possessed of
the horse. It appears Meyers discovered
the horse unbranded on Harden'.* cattle
range, six months ago. and after securing
the horse, branded it as his own and later
sold It to Swearinger. John Hayden. the
owner of the animal, recognized hia horse
in Sweannger's possession yesterday and
swore out a warrant for his arrest. Mey
ers Is but IS years old and to-day prac
tically confessed the theft He was bound
over for» trial to the Superior Court and
later released on bonds.
PUNISHING HUNTERS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SISSON, Aug. 23.— Two hunters, named
Robert and James Wilson, were arrested
here to-day by an officer of the Siskiyou
Fish and Game Protective Association for
the unlawful killing of grouse. They were
taken to McCloud. where they were tried
and convicted. The association has only
recently been organized and this Is their
first conviction. They are determined to
stop the killing of game out of season.
COLONEL WmTTEJJ WEDS.
tary district to be known as the "Cucumls
Sanitary District." Lodi is in Elkhorn
Township, as is Woodbridge. Already the
canvass bad been made and the petition
presented to the Board of Supervisors,
and It was expected that a call for a vote
on the question would be Issued by the
board for next month. Bitter feeling was
aroused between the sanitary people and
those favoring the saloons, one anti-sa
loon man alone spending $500 for his cause.
The anti-saloon followers held a big
meeting last night tn the Christian
church, every church in town Joining the
assembly. Rev. W. H. Scudder addressed
the throng, but instead of a hot temper
ance speech he rather scourged the church
people for their treatment of the young
and old. whom they proposed to save from
saloon temptation. "Have you any place
a young man can go into at night except
the saloon?" he asked. "Have you any
place open to the young men of your
town? Have you a reading room, a hall.
a gymnasium or any place where they can
meet? There is no place open to them
but the saloon. Why don't you, In lhe
name of God. why don't you concentrato
the efforts of your churches to giving the>
young man a chance? By opening such a
place I believe you could almost run the
saloon out of town by that alone. I be
lieve in practical religion, but it is a won
der what a mighty little bit of practical
religion some of us have. How many
rights In the week Is this church open'.'
Wnat attractions do you offer the young
people? Here Is j-our opportunity. Do
the practical thing. Open places where
your boys can so. Don't damn the «ialoon
keepers but yourselves for not offering 1
your boy9 attractions elsewhere."
The gentleman's speech made a pro
found stir, though, as might be expected,
not all his hearers took kindly to it. Xt
has been the main topic on the streets
to-day, and it Is expected that the ar.tl
saloon people will take the new Idea and
give it a trial.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LODI, Aug. 23.— After fifteen months of;
hard, unremitting labor and the expendi
ture of a large amount of money the local
Anti-Saloon League people have been
given a hard blow, as have all the sani
tary districts, by the recent decision of
the Supreme Court. The leaguers in Elk
horn and Liberty townships had worked
tooth and toenail for the success of their
plan and were confident of forming a sani-
ANTI-SALOON PEOPLE
OF LODI TAKEN TO TASK
THE signal that will Btart'the big
procession on September 10 will be
a gun fired from the top of The
Call building. When that gun Is
fired, the grand marshal will move
from* the starting point and the numer
ous divisions will make ready to fall Into
line at the command of the division mar
shal.
The Improved Orfler of Red Men has
through Its committee completed all'ar
rangements for the part that the order
will take !n the parade. The general com
mittee consists of the following named:
Charles L. Ludwig of Mlantonomah
Tribe, president; G. W. Derrick of Altah
mos Tribe, vice president; W. H. Klein
of Montezuma Tribe, secretary; Henry A.
Chase of Manzanita Tribe, treasurer, and
the following named representatives:
Manzanita Tribe— Charles Brown and F.
J. Gray; Miantonomah— Oscar Cutler and
M. Lelsen; Pohonache— T. Horn. C. J.
Hay; and S. M. Webb; Pocahontas— R. F.
Reed, W. F. Connolly and C. H. Yearian;
Sotoyome— W. D. Alley, J. H. Josselyn
and J. J. Kingston; Semlnole— L. C. Ber
tin, J. Areis and J. Couden; Modoc— R.
Stevens, George Van Glahn and William
Moran; Wlnnemucca — J. Soulier, L. Kleff
ker and M. Astlz; Osceola— F. J. Baum
hauer, Joseph Williams and H. Stussy;
"White Eagle— J. H. Rtppe. A. Hansmann
and L.. Linkeschi; Bald Kagle — B. John
son, H. G. Tanner and 11. H. Dllges;
Arapahoe— F. Whlteman, G. Berry and T.
Tenney; Montezuma— B. F. Led lord and
M. B. Ryer: Oshonee— Samuel Berel. J.
Trautner and W. C. Greaves; Altahmos —
J. S. Paterson and II. M. Ulankenstein;
Awashte— William J. Reid, J. Hass and
G. M. Smith; Monadnock— Joseph Robin
son. F. L. Griffiths and J. A. Born; Yo
semlte — E. Lastrett, William Goldman
and George H. Stein; Seneca— Charles
Gay, Charles de Cleer and W. P. Wand;
Blazing Arrow— J. W. Kelly. E. J. Lon
don and M. H. Haas. In addition to the
local tribes and a number from the inte
rior a number of the ladies of Alfarata,
Pocahontas. Matoka, Kaweah. Oneida and
Potomac councils of the Degree of Po
cahontas will assist the Red Men by ap
pearing as characters on the floats, which
are to be four in number— two furnished
by the general committee, one by Yo
semite Tribe and one by the Berkeley
Tribe. The Improved Indians in costume
and in regalia expect to form two divi
sions, and with that end in view have se
cured the band of Metamoras Tribe of
Redwood City, which will be attired In
Indian costume, and the band froim Oak
Park.
The board of flirectors of the San Fran
cisco Art Association, desiring to co-op
erate to the extent of its ability with the
Native Sons and the citizens generally in
the celebration, have resolved that the
Mark Hopkins Institute shall be open on
Monday and Tuesday. September 10 and
11, from 9 In the forenoon until 5 In the
afternoon, free to ail persons wearing the
badge of the Native Sons of the Golden
West. In addition to the pictures now on
exhibition there will be a special exhibi
tion from the 8th to the 16th of September
of portraits and other paintings having
special reference to the early days of Cali
fornia.
R. C. Rust of Jackson, Amador County,
grand president of the Native Sons of the
Golden West, was In the city Monday and
yesterday. He was a visitor at the Palace
Hotel headquarters and made numerous
Inquiries as to preparations that have
been made for the fiesta.
The Alameda Natives are greatly inter
ested in the rowing regatta, as many are
members of the Alameda Rowing Club,
which has entered a crew in the junior,
one In the intermediate and one In the
senior race.
The members of Halcyon Parlor of Ala
meda having secured the upper floor of
the Alcazar building for the season of
celebration, will give a ball on the night
of the 8th of September and a reception
on the afternoon of the 10th. The par
lor's banner, mounted on bicycle wheels,
will be drawn bf an automobile.
The Fresno exhibit will be open to the
public In the Lick House on the night of
RED MEN WHO ARE HELPING
TO PREPARE FEATURE FOR THE
PARADE.
Frank Sutton does not seem to realize
that he did anything unusual in his brave
stand against the fire of the burglars. Ha
told his story thia evening in a quiet,
modest fashion.
"When the men started to run." said
young Sutton. "I called to them 'Hands
up!' It was at thl3 time that one of them
turned and shot at me. They had evi
dently heard my rifle click, for Just before
the short man shot the other said. 'He's
got a gun sure, shoot.' Their second shot
and my rifle snot were almost simultan
eous. I heard their bullet whiz by close
to my head. I wasn't frightened at the
time, although I was pretty weak after It
was all over with."
"1 think Frank deserves a great deal of
credit," said Mr. Sutton, the lad's father.
"When I rushed into his room he was
still at the window and perfectly cool.
There was a light back of him in the hall
way which shown through his room, mak
ing him a perfect target to the men be
low."
Town Marshal Lloyd, who Is investigat
ing the affair, is puzzled over the circum
stances. He believes it to be peculiar that
a burglar not cornered should use a. re
volver.
This was the second attempt to burs
larlze the Sutton house recently. About
a week ago someone attempted to enter
the dwelling by the kitchen window, but
was frightened away.
This morning a chisel, evidently intend
ed for a Jimmy, a skeleton key, a candle,
partly burned, and a bit were found near
the cellar door where the men had lefi
them in their flight.
Young Sutton Is the son of A. M. Sut
ton. a commission merchant of San Fran
cisco, who resides at the corner of Dwighi
way and Piedmont avenue, this city.
Shortly after 2 o'clock »hia morning the
boy was awakened by a noise and look-
Ing from his window in the second story
he could distinguish two men busy <n au
attempt to force the cellar door. He got
his rifle and commenced loading it. A:
the same time he leaned out of the win
dow and demanded, "Who's there?" The
burglars started to run and one of them
hearing the click of the rifle said to his
comrade. "He's got a gun. sure, shoot."
The short burglar turned and fired twico
with his revolver at the boy in the win
dow. Young Sutton did not shrink froni
his position, but promptly returned the
fire. The burglars dodged behind an arbor
leading to the barn and made their escapu
by scaling the rear fence. Sutton was not
injured and he says he is quite certain
that his aim was true.
BERKELEY. Aug. 2S.— A duel took
place at Dwijrht way in the darkness
early this morning 1 between a seventeen
year-old boy and two burglars— the pro
verbial long and short criminals. Frank
Sutton, the boy. was armed with a Win
chester repeating rifle, while the burglars
carried revolvers.
Youngster Opens Fire With
His Winchester on Two
House Breakers.
LAD BATTLES
WITH THIEVES
IN THE DARK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1900.
GUN ON CALL BUILDING
TO START THE PARADE
Display to Be Made by Improved Order
of Red Men-Art Institute
to Open.
Burt Weldon, Epileptic, Leaps to Death
From the' Ferry-Boat Bay
ENDS LONG SUFFERING
BY JUMPING OVERBOARD
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1900.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
mrsrNESS OFFICE of. The S_n Francisco
r_t| corner of Market and Third streets, opaa
ur.til 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ;27 Montgomery street,
corr.er Clay; open until 9:39 p. m-
CX) Hayes street: open until S:20 p. m.
CS9 McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m,
C15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 MlFsion Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
:r,36 Valencia street ; ©p^n until 9 p. m.
Nc-rthwest comer Twer.ty-socond and Ken-
tucky streets; orer. until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodco No. 44. F. and ¦_
A: M .— M.--etir._ TiilS (WEDNESDAY) *%^
EVEXINO. at 7:3? o'clock. Third de- >S_K
Kree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. /V
CP.OCKETT Lodce No. 13?, F. *r.d A. f»
M— D S THIS EVENING. Aujrun 29, __f4_
at 7 -.j o'clock. By order of :he W. M. KJC
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. /^T>
ITXCELFIOR Lodce No. 166. F. and A. m
Ml— -pedal rreetln* THIS (WnDXES-_jfV_
DAY) EfKXI.NU. Au_. 2S. at 7:30tK3P
o'clock. Soccnd <3e_ree. '^tr\
THEO. E. SMITH. Bee
MISSION Lodge N'o. ie?. F. and A. M.— m
O_!led meetinr THIS ( WEDNESDAY) _/&
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de-TK_K
pree. GEO. D. FLACK. Secretary. **& y
TRIUMPH LOPGE NO. ISO. A. O. U. W.
Officers ar.d Mcmbers-Tou are notlfiedy£~fcS
to meet at yr>u r ball for the purpose ofla*i*?j
attending the funeral of out late mS.v'
Brother Jarr.cs Harr ow er. Wednesday. Aug.
?!>. {•:_(> a. rr.. D. B. RICHARDS. M. W.
J. H. CATTRAN. Recorder.
3"T-:nTF:L camp — leetinc, IJeuJah Park, East
Oakland, S<^t. 1 tn Se;t. 16.
STOCKHOLDERS' ir.eetir.g— The California
Drydo.-k Oc— :pany. — Notice is hereby given
That a n- rsetins r.t the Mcckholders of the, The
California Prydock Company will be held at
the pfCre cf raid company. Xo. 302 California
?;reet. Fan Kr.mc!«'-o. California, on THURS-
D_T, August 30. ISM. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m. cf thst tisy. for the purpose of deter-
r-.'.r.!r;c whether *j\!<1 corporation fhall be dls-
tr!ve<3. »nd of voting upon a proposition to
tfa* ccri/-r£tlcn. &t*£ for the trans-
e< ;ion cf rarn ether Lartne^s a* may ron ie
l-efore the meeting. Hy order of the board of
directors. W. F. RUS?ELL.
F'--ret_r.v The California Dryfiock Company.
A BSAVCR ofCce tor Call advertise— tents and
p\:bs;-riptlons lias been established at 1096
Va'.er.'-Ia rt.
ACESTS WAXTED.
NEW novelties; emboffed bronze N. S. G. W.
mrretdn: large profits. r.'.O MlF«Ion Ft.
AGITN'TS of ability and experience In life insur-
ance. Call at i-x>m 101. 997 Market, cor. riixtli.
WE handle newest novelties fr>r agents. PA-
riFIO AGENTS' SfPPLY CO.. S461 ISth eL
ASTROLOGr.
MME. IIICKEY. astro'.ofrist; get your ho— >scope
with full explanation of your future. 50c; card
Trading anil palmistry. JSa. 1933 Mission gt.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
APVICE fr^e; divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWr. atty at law. S50 Market. cor.Stockton.
AFviCrTfreTTR. W. KIXC.. ?27 Market St., r.
CI7; a!l cases ar.d collections; money loaned.
rjltTE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE fire*: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. T27 Market Ft., opp. Mason, i
I_ S. CLARK. Emma Spreckel* bldg:.. ?27 Mar-
ket fi. ; ccr.yu'.'.atlon free; no fees In advance.
CISTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. S27 Market
et.. r. £i : >: open eve., 7-9; consultation free.
HATH CAIHNETS.
ROBINSON i'>, 4-r-anel folding: door opens; firm
and F-fe. W. . g . BROWN, gen, agt.. 4?6 Eillg.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN'.
ONE or 2 children to board; — '.other's care.
r.ox <C-«0. Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— |2K»; STATIONERY, notions and ice cream
parlors, connected with Rer»eral agency of all
£=. F. papers; also £-ener_! agency of Z steam
iaundr.e?; no opposition in either line; rent
$:£; in lively business town Across the bay.
l'articuiars R. G. WILKE. 2G« E Kearny st.
j\._j()00: SALOON -with 9 furnished rooms; rent I
J4u; place doing a good business and Is sur-
rounded by warehouses and factories; com-
mercial lunch from 11 to 1 o'clock; a splendid
opening. Call R. G. WILKE. 2ti»± Kearny Bt.
A— It'JO: CORNER grocery and bar. with 4 llv-
ir._ rooms; rent J1S; c-n Sanchez st.; owner
Eick in bed and must ppII at once; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 2CVs Kearny st.
A— J1W0; BAKERT, 2 blocks south of Market \
Ft.; Silace eytab. year?; doirii? a good biisiness;
a'! Mcr* trade; rent 145: l^j to 2 barrels per
<Jay. Particulars R. G. WILKE. ZC^ Kearny.
X— $:,:*•; CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
esi_b. many years and doing _ good business;
rent J">0: — firrt-class proposition. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2u'j Kearny st.
A— ITuO; CANDY store and ice-ream parlor In
O-kland: beautifully furnished and a No. 1
paying- business; r*-mV5G0; owner compelled
by ill health to retire. See R. G. WILKE,
rcij Kearny et.
A— JIT'O; OLD-ESTAB. reftaurar.t; close to
Chronicle building; averase receipts about t#>
per day; rent ITi: a. splendid oJTer: owner wljl
allow r. days' trial. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V*
Kearny st.
MILLINERY Ftore. best on thl* coast, for sale
this day. COWING. 719 Market st.
A — %W: PaRTNKR wanted: $75 a month iruar
ante^d; call to-day. COWING. 71? Market st.
RESTAURANT: heart of city: don't fail; call
this day. COWING. 713 Market St.
COr.VTr.T hotel ajid livery stable; clears $300
month; cause, death. COWING. 713 Market.
X-VSD'. HOME Kitchen: receipts $15 day; snap.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
J5T0 — LADIES' tailoring and dressmaking busl-
r.es«: retiring cause cf sale. MCLAUGHLIN 1
& CO.. TTT'i Market it.
Ji^-RnPTACKAXT; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHUN & CO.. 777^ Market St.
FOR restaurant: good country to— ti; main
Etreet: 11 tab!c«; chain 1 , rrnee, fixtures; run-
ning order; rent %20. LAXE & CO.. SK Mkt.
PBTBIC1AN. regular, has splendid location in
nice flourishing town, good surrounding coun-
try, no opposition pr.d a Fna;>; health Is bid
and ray practice has been from JIM to JCOO
I>er month: a healthy man can make more.
Acidrers. fcr one week. A. Z. WATERBURT.
general delivery. Sacra— ;«nto. C— — ,
BARE opi-oitunlty; Ranted, a partner, lady or
F <*ntleman, to take the Infid* management of
a fir*t-c!s!>s railroad hotel, near the city; ",
to 100 etoady boarders; <-lea.rs $C0O per month
with outfide Lusinea*. Address SCOTT, box
a. Call offlce.
? RARE business opportunity: an eld-e«_;,-
tl- ' ¦¦-! restaurant doing a large business; can
Seat ZZQ people; re_»on for »»i:inj. owner hav-
ing other business. Box 403S. Call oClce.
DRUGSTORE; established ovrr 25 years; c*n-
tr_lly located; rent only J30 p*r month: will
1* sold ;>>r half tlie value of etock. Address
iiOLDMnVHR. 1123 Green «t.
FINE Viraticn for rhoe store In rapidly grow-
ing ne'.-hbwrhood; fixtures complete: 4 rooms;
rent rezjson.'-ble. Northeast corner Third ave.
ar.d Oiemrrit tt. ; Sutro cars pa.ss door.
J-sSPoLO-nSTABLIHUF:!* corner grocery and
bar; good locaiity; rent S45; must *eli on ac-
count of poor health. Address box 4017
. CaJl ofl»ce. >
tl'O— RESTAURANT; seat EO people; rent Jig"
oorrplete; closed now; sickness. Key 12 Wash-
!:!_*.'>_ ft.
CIOAIt. fruit and candy store; be« location
in Oiikla^'*.; must tei] O r excl!_nt;e at once
472 Severn— rt.. at Broadway station.
CORNER grocery -nd bar for eale: location
one of the best in the city; bargain: esiab-
:i.'hed 15 year*: rent cheap. For particulara
call at room 4". fourth Coor, Parrott tjuild-
Inf. San Frar.cieco.
FOR p_ie- Thrlvir,_ butcher business In an In-
tTior town. Vor r-rticulars Inquire at Pa-
ciflc But<-h«-rs' J?UM>ly Company, 77a Mission
H.. E_n Francisco.
J1S00-COA.L and feed yard and express husl-
nrss: 4 horses ar.d Z wagons; rood building;
living roomy; long lease: excellent chance;
goo- location. _»£S Sixteenth st.
1O rent— For coa! yard, milk depot, etc.; fl n( i
location; jil_ce is entirely covered: contains 3
rta'iF: rent only $1J; wnter free. Inquire WM
HENIJRICKSON A CO.. Cll Call building. "
JCEWliT furnished. 9 room*; permanent roora-
rr? : rent reasonable; good reason for selling.
Address box 1CS3. Call office.
SAVINGS BAXIC nEPOSITORST Send ad-
drera your beneSt. X. Y-. box 4010. Call office.
SMALL dairy for tale: JSO per month. Inquire
T. U. POLK. 1002 3rd St.. Ean«- Oakland.
O7?TER and chop house for «a)e cheap on ao-
oount or Fickness." Inquire at C Eighth Et.
SALOON' en bury street; doing good business.
Particulars V. S. Brewery. 815 Fulton st. ¦ :
ni'STAl.'R. k NT — Must fell at once on account
cf sickness. 11> Drunyn et. ¦ ¦ -
RESTAURANT established 1« years for Bale;
reasonable. Inquire Call offlce.
TOR SALE— Country shoe shop. For particu-
lara apply 233 Mason et.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
STATIONERY store, $700: no agents. Box 1684,
Call office. i
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recfyed at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia st.
L,ODGING-nOUSES FOR SALE.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE
ROOMING HOUSES
CITY AND COUNTRY HOTELS
LODGING HOUSES
BOARDING HOUSES
FLATS
PRIVATE HOMES
..CITY AND COUNTRY REAL ESTATE..
STORKS AND BUSINESS PLACES
ALL SIZES AND PRICES
- GIVE ME A CALL
I CAN SUIT ffOU
For cash payments or exchange
II. C. DKCKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house: SZO(t down, balance eaey.. W0
20-room house; first-class 1C60
30-room house; all newly furnished 8100
11-room house. $475. 6-room flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 10S2 Market st.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned: to buy or sell your lodg-
ing-house or furniture »nd secure satisfaction
write or call SCHWEINHARD & CO., 917
Market St.. above Fifth; tel. Mint 1911.
WE have buyers for good lodging houses from
15 to 80 rooms: also for cheaper houees; If
you want to sell your Ijouse, call and see us.
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy, phone Folsoml519.
$4C>0 CASH wl'.l buy a good house downtown;
bal. easy paymntn. Emery & Smith, 8 Eddy.
11 ROOMS newly furnished; must sell $800
10-room flat; rent $32 50; bargain 300
C. D. DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market st.
4S ROOMS; mortgaged; only $600 cash $2400
C3 rooms; finest house In city: $3300: 6ult nice
family. C. D. DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market st.
A— ROOMING house: fir.e location; best bar-
gain ever offered. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
CAHHIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
| ' etc., cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 MlEslon st. •
I AN A No. 1 express wason, single, also Uirht
I camping \»agon. for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & 23-hand wagons, bucgies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
CABFBT BEATING AXD CLEANING.
i WIIEX you become dlsjrusted with poor work
i send to gPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
iii? Works. 3J3-S07 Tehama ft.; tel. South 40.
! J. McQUEEN'S California Corpet Cleaning Co..
4S3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
j J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
i vatlng Co.. 243 Fourtee-nth St.; tel. Mission 74. i
! CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, 51 hT
STEYEXS. mgr., SS-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
I CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tej. Main S34. GEO. WALOOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Boating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO flUTTOXS.
MF*Y of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry:
¦wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co., 033 Market St., 3. F.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE; 6 rooms and bath; 262« Market, bet.
Sixteenth and Seventeenth; sunny side; $25.
COTTAGE 3 rooms and bath. 3S35 Twenty-
fifth St.; rer.t $S.
SUNNY cottage, 212H Perry St.; rent reason-
able. Apply G. 11. UMBSEX & CO., 14 Mont-
comery st.
TO LET — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; yard.
20<>3 Polk st.
$11 55— COTTAGE. 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 453
Linden ave.. near Hayes and Laguna sts.
4 ST_*NNY rocrr .s and yard, $10. C Rlncon ave.,
key 623 Second Ft.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium: advice in all affairs of life.
lawsuits, divorcnp, deaths; unites the separat-
<h1; mining a specialty; dry. Sun., Wed., Frl.
p-.c'j; TOmo arid be convinced. (Permanently)
I E13 Eddy. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no eign.
j HAVE WATSOX read your hand; correct to
life; occult medium; J5c and tfic; lucky and
j true. 15S1 Market St.. near Twelfth.
SPIRITUAL — jeetlnsr to-nlKht. convincing test
S o'clock. MRS. MAXWELL. 1238 Howard
Et.; readings dally.
MRS. LESTER— Circle Sun., Tues., Fri. eves.,
¦ 10c: readings daily, L. 23c. G. 50c. 127 Turk.
MKE. MARQUISE? 6 Hyde St., holds circle to- !
nl^ht at S; Vk; messages from spirit friends.
MRS. J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Market.
MRS. KOTTKR, 34 Sixth st.. circle to-day, 2 &
£ p. m. ; 10c; Blttlngs daily; G., $1; L.. 50c.
T. P. MATCHETT will hold circle to-night, 8
o'clock; 10c; test to all. 132 Fourth st.
FRIENDSHIP Hay, 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. dally; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
i CLAIRVOVANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant 4: car-
reader, born with doubie %-eil & second slpht,
diagnoses difr-aBe v.ith llfereadlngs; laaiesMc;
gents $1: palm. & clair. Fit. $1 50. 126 Turk St.
ISMAK. the Kygptl_n sypsy clairvoyant and
l>almist. permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
Cth; private readings dally 10 a. m. to^S p. m.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. US Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; "ic. 7 Seventh; no sign.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to II. 6th; German spokn.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212U Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; narr.es given; 23c up. t Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE^ — Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell et.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
CEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
ions successful. Room 310, T>27 Market St.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
i ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our Epeclalty; gold crowns, .
$3 60 up; plate-, extractions free, $4 GO up; of-
fice hours, fl a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, fl to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
•work warranted; plat-s. full Bet. $5; fillings.
SOc; crown. $3 :*. Chicago Dental Parlors.24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and Mllnes; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful Kecret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
l>erience; no students: advice free; prices
••hett seat and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work It
] unexcelled and our prices are the lowest; cal!
and see our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references; examina-
tion free. ' DRS. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1013
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns, $3 tO;
krldrcTvork, $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; houns, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, IMG Market, cor. O.G.
DR. LUDLUM HILT*. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charee for extracting when plates are
I n-.ade; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S fwr set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
mi. ALBERT HILL. 850 Market, cor. Stockton,
fr»r h perfect set of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prices for best work.
PARIS Denial Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush--
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SKT of teeth without plate. DR. II. ti.
YOITXG. 1M1 Polk gt.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS Daces; sent to any address in the
United States or Canada ono year for $1,
postage paid.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog IIos^ltaTrPostTvuimore—
Advice and medicine. 75c: city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated: docs boarded. Tel. West C36.
DR. Creely's C. P. mance cure and v.-orm pills
by druggists or _t hospital. 310 Golden Gate av.
IJUKSSMAKEHS AND SKAMSTHKSSl-S
McDOWnLL' Dressmakinc- and Millinery
School: patterns cut to order. 1019 Market Et.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ln_, pinking. 121 Post, over OConnor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market Bt.;llfe
scholarship. $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening:
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ;
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE, Lyceum Theater- School of Acting,
310-312 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; If you want to
learn in a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR- |
XELL. room 53. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mes. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR, expert accrit.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE.' 1230 Market St.
HEALD'S BUBIXEis COLLEGE, 24 Post Bt.,
S. F. ; founded 1S63; SO- page catalogue free.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Lelpsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln—
All branches; thorough; positions secured.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine St.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post et., near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
f urn. ; domestic eerv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black £072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce:
beat help turn.; tel. John 2121. &C6H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-^
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAJVTJ-P FE5IALE.
A YOUNG Swedish woman with a child 7 years
old wishes place; good cook and houseworker.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter et.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
best of references. MISS CULLEN, 325 gutter.
WOMAN wishes position to take caro of chil-
dren or do light housework or take care of
an invalid: eood references. Cable Hotel,
Twenty-eighth and Tiffany sts.
WOMAN wishes work Wednesdays, Thursdays,
Saturdays by the day. Call or address 746
Mission st^ ._
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
cook or to do general housework. 743 Bran-
nan st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to do chant-
berwork or light housework; wages not so
much an object as good home. 1606 Howard.
EXPERIENCED seair istress wants position; no
objection to second work; best of reference.
Call at SOS Fulton St., near Franklin.
DRESSMAKER, from the East, flrst-class cut-
ter, will eo out by the day; can make a suit
in ono day. 1532 Polk St.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation In
restaurant or boarding-house and as second
cook or helper. 242 Xatoma St., basement.
YOUNG lady wishes position as chambermaid.
Call at 740 Howard St.
POSITIOX as chambermaid or waitress In ho-
tel. L. R., box 4041. Call offlce.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker eoes out by the
day. Address 1111 Sutter St., room 33.
DRESSMAKER, fully competent, wishes a few
• more engagements In families or at home.
MRS. SMITH, room 14. DPI Post Et.
SWEDISH girl of experience; good cook; also
housework; city reference; call from 10 to 5.
1050 Howard tt., room 11.
RKSPECTABLK lady companion to elderly
lady or housekeeper for one to three persons;
elderly preferred; neat and economical; email
wages. Address box 400S, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman — lth a child desires
situation as working housekeeper In small
family; city or country; good manager. 616
Capp st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to ?1 50 night; $1 CO to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED— MALE.
COACHMAN, first-class, all around horseman;
best of city and San Matco references; youns
man and Etylish driver. Address box 4018,
Call office. i .
WANTED — Employment as practical nurse.
Address GEO. ROWE, 2624 Sutter St.
EXPERIEXCED man; position of responsibil-
ity: ca«hler or collections; bond. Box 4013
Call offlce.
TOCSO man wants situation; understands
horses, cows and garden; reference. Address
214 Third St., room 86.
YOUNG man wishes to hear of a position in
bar or grocery store; tlrst-class reference.
Box 4036. Call office.
STEADY man, understands caro of horses,
carden. can milk, good driver; willing and
obliging: good references. Address box 4015,
Call office.
YOUNG colored man wishes situation as por-
ter in saloon cr cooking lunches for bar; best
references. 008 Chestnut st.
COACHMAN, young Englishman, wants situa-
tion, or general work or gent's place: best of
reference. Address box 1C99, Call office.
FAITHFUL Japanses wants position at house-
work or plain cooking. H. M-": 121 Halght St.
JAPANESE young boy wants a situation as
schoolboy In city. Address Y. S., 609 Sutter.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manage, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITIXG CO.. C04 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET. j
Ib" TO 30 'DAYS FREE FLATS AND HOUSES.
1890 Fell; f.. 10 r $«; S3 Tr'm'nt av.; c 6 r.$20
1239 Lrf-av'Wth; f. 9 r 40 215V_ Elm av.; f., S r. 15
1634 Page; f.. 4 r 20 6C0A Jessie; f.. 3 r... 9
1338 Webster: f., 6 r. 25 250 Tehama; f.. 5 r.. 10
A. M.< SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
CALIFORXIA, 2911— Bunr.y flat of 7 rooms and
bath, with larce basement.
DORE. 257. off Harrison, between Ninth and
Tenth — Flat of 4 sunny rooms; $10/
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window and bath; $12.
716 Xatoma Et.. between Eighth and Ninth.
GROVE, 325 — Lower flat. 5 rooms and bath;
rent $14.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HO WELL. 10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms and bath; rent $16.
1501 Vallejo St.. between Polk and Van Ness
ave.
POWELL and Ch»stnut— 3 fine 6unny flats,
8. 4 and 6 rooms, bath, each; rent $12. $14. $22.
SACRAMENTO. 1261— Flat of 2 rooms; sun all
day; rent $12 50.
UPPER rear sunny fiat of i rooms. 119 Leaven-
worth st. ,_ .-".' ...
UPPER flat. 6 sunny rooms, bath. 27 Birch
ave., off Larklfl st., bet. Grove and Fulton.
$16; INCLUDING gas and water; 3 unfurnished
roo— :s. with yard. 1023 Sutter at.
FLAT- TO LET — KUIINISHED.
FOR rent and sale— Partially furnished flat of
three rooms: two large connecting rooms and
kitchen, with rear landing; good sink nnd
stationary washstand and bathtub; north
front; partial view of bay; two fireplaces,
stationary washtubs. Apply Sunday morn-
ing between 9 and 11 o'clock at 2056 Jones st..
near Filbert. -^
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1000, corner Laguna—
Comfortable and very complete furnished flat
of 6 rooms and bath; plenty closets; nice
conservatory: — model home; side bay-win-
dows; Jefferson Park, fronting, on Golden
Gato ave.; excellent neighborhood ; six
months or longer to good tenant; price $G0 per
month or will sell cheap.
FUKMTUH_ foil SAI.I3.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S CO, with Xo. 7
range. Kins; Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE 6 nicely furnished rooms, cheap;
Bunny corner. 2*2 O'Farrell st. ; call a. m.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys .your furniture, carpets
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln ;tel.Polk6?4;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
fZOCO worth of furniture, carpets, etc., , wanted.
M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 ; Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; i tel. Red 33j3.
I ' 'r*iilW-i<it- r ilW»HHi1fri-il1'TITttiraitTt-.i raW __fn_>ln_- itm -TKi- »¦ ,t !
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE. ;
C. R. HANSEN & CO. .....PHONE GRANT 1S5
' HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
S extra waitresses for Santa Cruz, $1 day,
free fare both ways; 4 extra waitresses, Pa-
cific Grove,' $1 day, free fare both ways; 13
waitresses for best "commercial hotels on this
coast, $20 and $25, many of them fare paid;
3 waitresses city $20* 3 chambermaids to
wait, $20; woman 'cook, $30, small hotel near
city .' .....; •
-•• FAMILY DEPARTMENT ...
Cook, small American -family. Berkeley. $25
first month. $30 thereafter, no children, call
early. C. R. HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
LAUNDRESS. Institution, city, see party here,
$20; housegirl, Alameda $20, see paxty here;
60 houseglrls, second girls, nursegirls, city and
country. C. R. HAXSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
COOK who understands German cooking. $30:
also second girl, same place, . $20, city; see
party here. C. R. HAXSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A CHAMBERJ.IAID and seamstress. Oakland.
$20; 6 second girls, city, $25 and $20; second
rirl, country, $25; nurscgirl, $15. MISS CL»L-
LEN.-325 Sutter st. _____
TEN chambermaids and waitresses, city and
country, $20 and $25; chambermaid and wait-
ress, private boarding house. $18, sleep home,
good place; restaurant waitresses, $b and $7
per week. MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter st.
8 COOKS at $30 each: 5 second girls, $25 each;
nursegirl, $20, 1 child: cook and second girl,
same house. $30 and $25: cook and second girl,
same house, $23 and $20; hou?eRlrl, 2 in fam-
ily. $30; second girl, Burlir*ra— ie. $25. see
party here. MRS. KORTON, 313 Sutter at.
WANTED— A large number of girls to fill our
numerous situations, such as cooks, laun-
dresses, waitresses, parlormaids, chamber-
maids, .nurses, etc.; all those wlshlnc places
call early. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, Slo
Sutter st. —
WANTED
For Institution, near city, a woman attend-
ant at $25 per month, with board, .room and
laundry: one with eome nursing experience
required. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay Bt.
AN agreeable American woman for general help
in family of 6; no children; no washing; no
objection to child under 3 years. Apply at 4499
Seventeenth st. for information.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear: also learn-
ers: steam power; constant work. G. \\ .
REYNOLDS. 597 Mission St.. corner Second.
WANTED— A woman experienced in teaching
who wishes to change her occupation. Box
4042, Call.
GERMAN cr Swedish girl for waiting and sec-
ond work. Call between 10 and 12. 1819 Wash-
ington St.. between Van Ness and Franklin.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' wrappers
and waists to work in factory. 723 Market
St., room 35.
GIRL to assist general housework: no children;
sleep home preferred; wages $12. Call after
5 p. m.. 1044 Bush St.. near Jones.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman to assist
general housework in Berkeley: good home;
small wages. Box 4039. Call.
COMPETENT girl or elderly woman to do light
housework; two in family; lady away all day.
£23B Twelfth -t. r
INTELLIGENT, industrious rlrls wanted a«
Btockkeepers and salesladies at millinery- 1323
Stockton st.
APPRENTICES for hair work and hairdress-
ers wanted at G. LBDERER'S. 123 Stockton.
GOOD talloress and apprentice at once. FASH-
IOX TAILORING CO.. 23S Ellis et.
EXPERIENCED operators on children's coats
to work in factory. 723 Market St.. room 35.
EXPERIEXCED frame makers. Apply ROB-
ERT L. TOPLITZ & CO.. 549 Market »t.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework;
wages $20. 240 Page St., corner Buchanan.
WANTED— Dressmaker help. 1207V& Bush st.
WANTED— Good cook: some housework; $30.
1003 Paru St.. Alameda.
A COMPETENT girl for housework and cook-
ing. Call 9-12 at 1123 Lagruna St.
PANTS operators and finishers ;' also rood sew-
ers; rood wages. 872 Howard st.
VEST operators: also buttonhole maker and
machine girl. 14 Grant ave., room 65.
GERMAN girl wanted; general housework;
small family; wages $20. 308 Turk st. •
"WAIST hands wanted at 1111 Van Ness ave.
WANTED-Sklrt hand; ladles' tailor. 863
Geary st.
WANTED— Neat girl for light housework and
cooking. 2324 San Bruno ave. ; Folsom st car3.
GIRL for general housework; small family; $13
to $20. Call at 1SS3 Ellis st.
WANTED— A good talloress. 619 Taylor st.
WANTED— A young girl for housework. Apply
1321 Golden Gate ave.
WAITRESS wanted: &06 Howard »t., near
- First. *
WAXTED— Experienced ironers. Apply United
States Laundry. Sixteenth and Mission sts.
RELIABLE waitress wanted. Apply 4tS Third
street. \^ -
WAXTED— A good finisher on pants at 835
Market St.. room 16.
APPRENTICE on custom coats. 214 Seventh.
GIRL to learn tailoring; paid while learning.
E54 Folsom Bt.; German preferred.
"WANTED— Good waitress for restaurant. Call
at 7 Taylor Bt.
YOUXG girl, general housework; 3 in family.
$25. 410 Scott st.. near Fell.
WANTED— Neat cirl for housework and cook*
inp. - 1542 McAlllater st.
GIRL to do housework and plain cooking. 42S
Franklin st.
A YOXiNO girl for housework. Call at 3627
Seventeenth st.
A LITTLE girl for light housework; wages $8.
787 Stevenson st., off Ninth. '
RESPECTABLE girl for llpht housework in
small family; —-ages $10. 77H Fourth Bt.
A GIRL or woman to assist in housework;
- plain cooking; $8. 312 Sanchez st.
WANTED— Girl for candy store. 223 Sixth st.
WAXTED— Competent girl for cooking and gen-
eral housework. 2123 Pine st.
GIRL for general housework. 863 Hayes st.
SALESLADIES, makers and machine operator
wanted; only experienced people con-
sidered. Apply to Manager Millinery Depart-
ment. Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for quick work.
Arsly immediately to U."S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave., between Seventh
and Eighth sts., off Folsom.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
CALIFORNIAN CANNERIES CO., LTD.,
Brannan gt.. between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted on shirts; young girls
taught; steady work; best pay. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO., 19 Battery «st.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory.
32»4 Fremont st.: no experience ! necessary;
good wages. Apply to MK. DAVIS.
WOOLEN mill help wanted— Boss finisher and
weavers on blankets: highest wages paid on
the coast: correspondence confidential. Apply
J. W. COLLINS. 7 and 9 Battery St.. city.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers; steam power; constant work. G. \V.
REYNOLDS. 597 mission et., corner Second.
A COMPETENT girl for general housework In
a Email family; German preferred. Applv
2S17 Scott st.. near Union. ¦
GIRL to do general housework in upper flat;
small family; apply between 9 and 12 a. m.
1SC6 Green st.
WILLING person for housework; good home;
country; family of 2. Box 4009, Call office.
•WANTED — An apprentice on dressmaking: j
paid while learning'. f,23 Jones st. j
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general I
housework; must be good cook: small wash-
ing; wages $25. 2061 Central ave.. Alameda.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for houselteep-
lns In widower's family; good home; small
wages. 616 Post st. - !
ELDERLY woman or girl under 15 to assist
• with children; references; wages $10. 1904 .
Webster st.
VEST hands wanted: experience operators,
.finishers and presscrs. E. H. LEVY, &13 '
Market st. . *
GIRL wanted to - assist in general house^ric '
and plain washing. 1113 Pierce st. ¦
WAITRESS wanted at 426 Geary st. German j
preferred. j
FINISHERS and button-hole makers on coats; i
steady work. F. TOXNER, 27 Eattery at.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Good talloress on custom coats; also
apprentice. 927 Market St.. room 623. -
GIRL to work on vests; also an apprentice. 517
Jessie st. ' *
GIRL; general housework: 8 adults, 1 child;
wages $20. 1904 Broadway.
LADY solicitors; proprietary preparation; ap-
peals to every woman. O. R. C, box 1696,Cain
GIRLS for hand work on corsets. 231 Powell
street.
PRESSERS wanted on OTershirts. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 17 Battery st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.. between ISth and 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
good pay. 27 Jessie St., fifth floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ; been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' :.i --.-¦¦¦.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
A— C R. HANSEN & CO.... 104 GEARY STT
....1000 MEN FOR NEW R. R.' WORK....
20ft teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld K a day
20 teamsters. Coast road $2 a. day
10 laborers. Coast road..; $2 a'day
20 tunnel men for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park, Los Angeles County $2'to $2 60 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare
FOR S. P. CO.'S OWX WORK
50 laborers for rock crusher $1 90 a day
20 laborers, different divisions. ..."..$1 70 a day
100 laborers, Surf, Santa Barbara Co.$2 a day
Ship daily Fee $1 Free fare
10 coal miners, $2 50 a day; 2 carpenters, $2 50
to $2 73; 6 laborers, quicksilver mines, $30 to
$40; gardener and florist, $35; stablemen, milk-
ers, choremen and others ,
HOTEL DEPARTMENT'
Hotel clerk. $75; 2 cooks, country hotels, $55
and $60; night cook, 450; baker,. $45; second
cook. Institution, country, W0: third cook,
country, J35, fare . advanced; 20 dishwashers
and kitchen hands, city and country, $20, $25
and $20; 10 waiters, city and country, $23 to
$•10; laundryman and wife, institution, $C0;
laundryman, institution. $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
3 CABINET makers, $2 50 to $3 a day; 3 bench
hands, $2 CO to $3 a day; 2 planer men, $2 50 to
$3 a day ar.d toO and bonrd ; circular sawyer,
IZ 50 a day; 3 screw turners, $2 EO a day;
blaoksmith helper, ?2 a day; Jobbing black-
smith and shocr, }3 to $3 50 a day; machinist
for country; coopers, $35 and board, and oth-
er mechanics. J. F. CROSKTT AGENCY, 623
Sacramento st.
BUS driver for country. $25 and found; 2 gar-
deners and wives, $40 and $60; laundry-
man and wife, $60; farmer and milker and
wife. $40: gardener, $30 and board; man about
place, $23 and board: farmers; milker, $30;
fruit pickers, $1 a day and $25 per month and
board; ironer for country laundry. $2 day and
board, and others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY.
C2S Sacramento st.
HARXESS cleaner. $45; 20 laborers fpr mills
and woods, J26 and found and increase, fare
advanced; 15 railroad laborers, free fare; 3 la-
borers for mine, $2 ro . day; teamsters and
others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sac-
ramento st.
COOK for Mexico. $150. fare paid; hotel cook,
city, $50; restaurant and hotel waiters; dish-
washers for city and country at going wages.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED "
Driver for milk wason, $35 and found: mid-
dle-aged man as elevator man and Janitor,
$33; ranch teamster, $30; 10 men for sawmill
and yard, $30 and fare; 10 men for the woods,
$26 and fare; 10 miners, $2 a day: 10 laborers,
same mine, $1 75 a day, part fare paid; wait-
er, country hotel, $30 and fare advanced;
waiters, hotels and restaurants, city, $35 and
$10; harness cleaner, $45: screw turner. $60;
carriage man for mill, $40 and fare advanced.
W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay -fit.
A MAN to buy a route; good paying business.
MISS CULLEX, S25 Sutter at.
BARBERS' Projrressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jesale 152.
BADGEMAKERS and first-class 'hand and ma-
chlne sewers. Apply to-day 8 to 10 a. m.
WALTER BRUNT, badge manufacturer, 633
Clay st.
CASH boys wanted. Apply between 7 and S
o'clock Wednesday morning at S. X. WOOD
& CO.'S, 718 Market st. •"
TAILORS— Coatmakers wanted for the country.
Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO., Market and
Second sts.
WANTED— A young man who understands
groceries and bar business. Call at 140 Fifth
St.; not before 8 o'clock.
WAXTED— Experienced clothing salesman and
' -window dresser; state salary and experience.
Box 4019. CaJl office.
¦WANTED — A sober man to sweep halls and
make himself cenerally useful about a hotel.
7S1 Sutter st.
GOOD carpenter or man handy with tools; ex-
change work for room. 913 O'FarreU St.
WANTED— Roufth carpenter to lay floor a:
Bibb Lumber Company, Beach st.
APPRENTICE boy by a ladies' tailor, to learn
trade complete. 2107 Flllmore st.
WANTED— Kitchen hand at 5 East st
MIDDLE-AGED man to work In bath' house.
34 Fourth st.
YOUXG single man for night clerk. Address
box 4044. Call office^ __^
NIGHT dishwasher wanted. 907 Kearny St.
YOUXG man to drive butcher wagon, $23 a
month and found. 3318 Mission st.
WANTED— Barber; steady work. 1715 Market
street— -
BARBER wanted; steady Job. 218 Montgom-
ery ave.
WANTED — First-class barber; guaranteed $12.
43 Flllmore St.
BARBER wanted; steady job. 305 Grant ave.
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday, Sunday;
steady If suitable. C23 Clay st. .
WAXTED— Painter and paper-hanger. 14 Mor-
ris ave.
BOY to drive butcher cart. 1114 Valencia St.,
near Twenty-fifth.
EO FIRST-CLASS waiters for Sept. 9. The Im-
perial, 220 Powell St., rooms 1 and 2.
"WANTED — Young butcher. People's Market,
corner Sixteenth and Noe Ets.
WAXTED— Bedmaker, middle-aged man. 930
Howard st.
BOY In printing office. Room 47, 819 Market st.
BOOTBLACK— First-class bnrber shop; good
wages. II. BERXARD, 104 Seventh st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rlne Corps. U. 8. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
r|pd men of good character, between the asres
of 21 and SS years; not leas than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and sp*ak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recrultin? Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal., 530 K St..
Sacramento. Cal., or 105S J St., Fresno. Cal.
YOUNG man of good family; must be well
recommended; for Jewelry store; open even-
Ings; must ..understand bookkeeping and be
quick at figures; permanent position; state
references and salary expected. Box 4006,
Cali office.
TWO snicker and two matcher hands In San
Francisco manufacturing establishment:
steady employment year round to suitable
men; wages $3 to $3 50. Box 4007. Call offlce.
TO tailors' cutters— A flrst-class cutter re-
quired; permanent position. Apply between
10 and 11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, the
Ix>ndon Tailor, 721 Market st.
WANTED— Good barber: steady Job. SAM
WITT, 2313 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
WANTED — Experienced heel-builders. Apply
CAHN, yiCKELSBURQ & CO.. 115 Hayes.
LADIES', tailor wanted for Vallejo. Apply 328
Georciast.
100 CAKE WALKERS. Apply between 2 and 4
o'clock Monday at Shiels building. 32'O'Far-
rell et., S. LOVERICH, mnnasrer.
BARBER shop; in good minings town ; good
business. Inquire 1500 Howard St., S. F.
GOOD steady barber wanted. 797 Mission st.,
corner Fourth.
PANTS 'pressmen wanted at S. X. WOOD &
CO.'S. 27 Geary st. . ,
A THIRD hand to assist In bread and cakes;
day work. Apply 344 Sixth St., Modern bakery.
SECURITY deposit put up for street railway
employes. SHALMOUNT, 1406 Ping. 2-4 p. m.
WANTED — Steady - man, with small ' capital;
permanent place; will, pay $65 per month
year round; light work. '1016 Market St., r. 10.
DENTIST wanted at room 11. 1065 Washing-
ton St., Oakland: graduate or licentiate.
BARBERS— Paying 5-chair shop; bargain; ac-
count departure. Inquire Call office.-
OPTICIAN (Alrcfractionlst), neat appearance;
elderly person; $20 week. Box 3261. Call office.
FOR SALE— A 3-chair barber, shop on account
of going East. Apply 14 Turk st.
NEW poods: quick sales: salary or commis-
sion: city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
.' Flood buildlns.' i~
BARBERS— Flrst-class 6-chair shop and 8 bath
tubs for sale cheap; going to Sliver City. N.
M. Inquire Call offlce. ..-,-.,
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission et., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. ...PHONE MAIX &US
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
* Want 7 a. m. to-day
;••'••; -..WE SHIP FREE.....
Men for all parts of California. Utah, Wash-
h «' Arl2ona . Oregon. Colorado. Xevada
and Hawaiian Islands
K-^iv? 8 ? fare ancl cfac « fe « onI y n
r?r-v-2LT?; day t0 the following districts:
HKwt-^ol- 1 REDDIXG SHASTA
HLRNDON FRESNO MEX DOT A
ix>s Angeles. ...and. ...Santa Barbara districts
Reno (Nev.) and.......Truckee districts
Crows Landing and Newman districts
ban Luis and Surr districts
Bakersfleld and Madera districts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
*"", other points good wages
"E SHIP FREE come one. come all
it only costs $1 fee and no other expenses
come see
, MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL AXD OTHER HELP
t-arpenters with or without tools for larse
mining company, $3 to $3 50 day
6 carpenters, company work Free fare
18 .blacksmiths and horseshoers. for shop*.
ranches, etc «.?. $50 and found. $3 day
Tlmbermen, mining company W day
Coopers bridge builders woodworkers
LOOK HERE FOR HANDY MEN!
Any man handy with hatchet will suit this
job; 25 men to build flume. $30. $33. $40 and
found; long job ..
FRUITPICKERS ." FRUITPICKERS
150 men and boys to pick all kinds of fruits,
gainer almonds, etc, $26 and $30 and found
•••• PAY YOUR FARE
And ship to the sawmills and woods 336 la-
borers for 23 different sawmills. J26 to $43 and
found, anybody will suit; 95 woodsmen, mill-
men; also all kinds of planing mill help. $33.
SSO, $63, $70, $60, $40. $50, $30 and found
364 woodchoppers, tiemakers. etc.. $3, $2 30. $2,
Ti, and * 5c cord . tools and food found
126 farm hands $35. $30, $16 and found
36 milkers and buttermakers $30, $25 found
Cheesemakers $35 and found
24 stablemen, etc.... $25, $J0, $*M, $40, $30 found
16 hay balers, $3 day; also harvest crews....
364 laborers and teamsters, $2 50, $2. $1 75 day;
pome board yourst-U home; boys for stores,
factories, etc., city Jobs, ' cabinetmakers,
woodworkers, carriagemakers, bridge build-
ers, etc.; come see
Sorew turner, sawmill company, see boss here
Edgerman, tallyman, sawmill company
25 woodsmen. Santa Cruz County, $32 60 and fd
Sticker hand. $3 SO day Planer. $3 a day
Matcher, $3 a day.... Machine man. $3 a day
_ , TO SONOMA CO.
Sniper; line pullers and setter for sawmill co.
TO THE MINES. ...GOLD. SILVER & COAL
50 miners, single hand and machine.. $75 & $30
Married furnace man $65
1M laborers, different mines. In all parts of
California, no experience necessary, $30 to
$'>0 and fd
CITY WORK— 10 laboring men. no experience
required, anybody, will suit. $30 and fd.
FOR SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
25 laboring men to pile lumber, large saw-
mill company $52
Farmers and wives and men and wives for
private places $43 and fd.
- ALSO HUNDREDS OF OTHER POSITIONS
NOT ADVERTISED COME SEE
Also e-et our latest lists.
MURRAY & READY. S34-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL ..RESTAURANT.. LAUNDRY Help
Cook for an Institution. $30 fd; 32 cooks, city
and country, $35 to $30 and found; also short
order and night cooks
Second baker, country shop $40 and found
13 waiters, city and country
$23 and $30 and found
Bakers and helpers. $40. $35 and $30. $60 and fd
Washers, starchers and lroners for laundries
Butchers ........ pantry men handy
men for Institution, etc.; lunch man tor cafe.
$50 and board: 2 cooks, fruit ranches, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
SPECIAL MARINE FIREMAN
Also boatman for Government work; 6 car-
penters. Xapa County, $3 day. see boss here;
brick setter and wheelers for brick yard
Planerman, larse sawmill company, $S3, see
boss here; donkey engineer; also head donkey-
man for the woods; man to shingle barns.
country job
PACKIXO-HOUSE WORK
12 men for lares fruit company to pick fruit.
work In packinc-house, dry yards, etc
$30 and found. lone Job
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman for city
store, open evenings; state references and sal-
ary required. Box 4035, Call offlce.
¦WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
JEWELERS— 323 Bush St.. third floor, room *.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
Barb-r College, 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PEXSIOXS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. IS
— years' practice; Examiner building.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to £Cc. £62 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WIXCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 23c night: reading-room; free
'bus and baKgage to and from the terry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c night; 73c to $2 per weak.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 22C0 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.'
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
79 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses;
also pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies;
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange, 721 How-
ard st. .
FAMILY cow and calf for sals at 710 Bran-
nan st.
2 HORSES and buggies cheap. 603 Ash ave,,
off Laguna st., bet. Fulton and McAllister.
BEAUTIFUL baggy or carriage team; bays;
well bred. 2336 Market st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. W12. nr. Octavia— 8 rooms, bath,
laundry; marine view; rent $20.
LAOUNA. 1611— Hduse of C rooms, bath; gas;
yard; rent reasonablle.
SUXXY house, 8 rooms, bath, yard; rent $33,
water free. 1220 Bush st.
$12— SUNNY cotta#re. S rooms and bath. Apply
33S0 22d St., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
$S— HOUSE, 6 rooms; b^t, cheapest, healthiest
for money. 1567 Kearny. near Greenwich.
$40. FORMERLY $30; house. 8 large rooms,
complete: lawn. etc. 1919 Sutter st.
HOUSES TO LET — FUR.VISIIED.
COMPLETELY furnl3hed house. 5 rooms and
bath: $25. 1311 Hayes st.
HOUSES WAXTED — FURNISHED.
WANTED — Furnished house in Western Addi-
tion, west of Pclk and north of Turk sts..
with about 10 rooms. Answer S. L., box 4033.
Call efflce.
LOST AND FOU.KD.
LOST— Vicinity of Castro st.. a small cocker
spaniel pup. Return to «35 Xoe st.; receive
liberal reward. *'..".•
LOST — Purse containing; money and receipt, on
Sutter st. car. August 27. Finder will please
leave at 1221 Valencia st. and receive reward.
LOST— Goat: white, -with black spots. Return
to MRS. FOGONE. 1114 Montgomery at.
LOST — Brown water spaniel dog. Return to
1426C California St.; liberal reward.
FOL'XD— St. Bernard dog. Owner can have
same at 901 Valencia st. ;
$100 REWARD return of four $1000 Leav-nworth
Co. bonds. MRS, M. A. McFARLAXD. S7S
Geary at.
L©ST— Black cocker spaniel pup with license.
Liberal rr.ward If returned to 200 Turk st.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market st —Reli-
able ladles* and gents' specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
flce; ladies treated can return home the same
day: try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can u«e It by di-
rections: perfectly harmless; home for confine.
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MR 5; *? R - K , OHL - * h « well-known and reliable
ladles specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $.",; positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement: skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential
446 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DOXXELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in Son Francisco for years: treats! thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
othera fail call on him. 1023'fr Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN. well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5: have treated thousands of cases with
success: 13 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. lOOTVj Market st.. near SUth.
A— XEW process; great progress in medlcai
science: every woman her own physician: no
medicine or pills used: can be used at home
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
NO TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tlon, cancer, catarrh, etc. ; all diseases treat-
ed: sond for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEX. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
ist; home In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to S.
MEDICAL.
i MRS. DR. TVTETH. reliable specialist : M yr».'
practice: home In confinement; treatment a.
offlce. $5; any ailment; consultation
fldentlal. S42 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
'. DR. and MRS. M. WKGENER- Private hem*
In confinement. 1312 GolJen Gate ave.
DR. WISE— The only <enuine ladies' specialist.
Office 1113 Market st.
• DR. WONG HIM. herb aoctor. treats a!! dls-
1 eases of the human body. 115 Mason ft.
! MISCKLLAAEOLS FOR SALE.
! BOILERS, engines. 2d-h.and machinery. Me-
1 INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-107 Fremont at.
' EARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon out5ts on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, rt-arty made;
wo can shir> everything in 24 hours. J.
, KOOXAX. X017, 1019. l<m. lCi3 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, nel'.s or rents gear machJn— r» «n-
pnes. boiiera. water p!p». shafting:, pulleys
, etc. U'H'.TELATv-. "¦> Spear St.
1 A PAIR solitaire diamond sleeve buttons for
S3); cost originally iZO. at UNCLE HARRIS'.
1 la Grant ave.
STEEL, tanks, all sizes; suitable for water or
8gC0^- hand - 3 "
A— ICO K. P. engine, boiler, two drill air com-
pressor. JAItXUXES. 220 Fremont at.
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats $1 7J. Pop-
ular Pnce Hatters. 3Z0 Kearny «t.. near Pine.
A 4-H. P. ' HERCULES KasoMne engine; treat
bargain: guaranteed. Epstein. 558 Mission it.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
Bulta for t2 Z0. Portland Loan Office. 25 StckTn.
A NEW McDowell garment drafting machlno
for «ale cheap. 1C1 Pest *t.. room 1 20.
A LATEST improved cash register; almost
rew; a barealn. KZ Sutter at.
2D-HAND photographic and ma&lc lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 1C3 Montgomery.
A 10- TON Fairbanks scale ar.d flre and buntlar
proof s«afe. 218 California Bt.
FlItST-CLAS3 second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and gold. KROGII Mfg. Co.
2D-HAXD gasoline and steam ermines, lath.es.
etc; general machine work. 137 Heala at.
A FINE suit. J10: dress pants. 12 7i MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 427 Montgomery st.
¦TYPEWRITER. N'o. 2 Smith Premier; late,
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
EDISON concert phonoeraph; reduced price.
$75; concert records. $1 60l BaclBalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE eng!ne3. boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-band. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
2D-HAND fire-proof safe: 1 fire and burrlar
proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-haad; movln*
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post it.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE RE1J-
: MANX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
i SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THH
WALTZ SAFE. 1C3-1U Market St.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS paces, sent to any address tn th«
United States or Canada ono year for $1.
postage pali!.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oS clothing bought A
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom U31.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
a-brac and books. 103 Sixth St.; tel Jessie 141.
IF you wish full value for your ca3t-o!T clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Bl.ick 4123.
MONEY TO LOAS.
ANT amount at 8 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undlvi interest, real estate in pro-
bate; — lorgagea and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 2* Montgomery, r. 3.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 1*. first floor.
Chronicle bids. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. »W Market
st.; tel. Main 1C44. Branch 13 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ; qulc'iC
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 69. Donohoe huildlnfc. 1170 Market st.
. ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and on
furnituro or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER _ CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST rel-able place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. w Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old cold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS ."
B A f t MES and JrUB^CiXtTSt-l
O. H. HARSHBARGER. S2.' Elll-s room 24.
AT Hi Kearny at., room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowesc
rates: take eleyator. Telephone Davis 935.
$50O.0COat6 per cent in sums to suit In city; also
$150,C00 on large ranches; also on second mort-
gages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine- st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
HONEI.LI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 41. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
J2C.0C0 TO loan; 1st or 2d mortgages ; 6TJ; es-
tatea. chattels. HARPER. 313 Hearst bldg.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; co_3-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
H. MURPHY. (30 Market St.. solves all kinds oj
financial problems: 2d mortgages, estate*, etc
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrot bljr.
OX furniture, placos: 3 per cent per month; no)
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. S Eddy st.
CASK loaned to salaried people on cote without
indoVser. UORRELL, C09 Examiner bulldlnj;.
OX furniture, pianos, without removal ; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 118 McAllister St.
TO salaried men without collateral or tndorsar.
6. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bulldtn*.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada on* year for tl.
MUSICAL 1NSTRU3IENT3.
WE can use a few mod square- to advs£?a*r9
If to be had within the next few days. JlAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market it.
BECOXD-HANS> Marshall and Wendel. N«w
England and other makes offered low for a
a day or so. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 789 Mar-
ket st.
DECKER A SON pianos are the best known of
-.11 the old reliable makes; you cannot fall to>
get satisfaction with one of them. Agency
at MAIIVAIS-. 7C? Market St.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging fcr
a STEIXWAY any time within three years
and full purchase price allowed: the best
makers ol every grade to select from: beaut.-
ful new uprights J>» ca«h. J6 per month; «orn<»
good pianoa for $3, St and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.. STETNWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco: corner Broadway and TBir-
teenth sts., Oakland^ _____
ABSOLUTELY the oldest «nd la««J . I)— 9 *
west of Chicago Is KOHLER _ CHALETS.
26. 2S and SO O'Farrell St.: pianos. oi-ansan>l
all other musical Instruments of all rraaes
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest, even-
thing possible dune to please and satisfy t.1a
customer. -
9 GOOD square pianos trcmJZO t» COO.
S fine grand pianos from __5 *?.?*;«•„_
S second-hand uprights from $••> to • J-s.
1 Eteinway. I Steck. 1 J\eber 1 9""";, _,
BEXJ. CUHTAZ & SON. 16 O FarreH st.
REMOVAL of KeefTe's piano store from Van
Ne«s to S3 Market, bet 5th and tth next
Hale Bro£ & will continue reduction sale for
2 weeks! open ev'ngs;
vtot TV strings- never wet: best In the world:
n?a"ns and of all hinds of mu.lcal
SXruKMits. Carl (^Andersen. 41, Geary ,t.
PF-TiriVAL sale: ail nrist go by Saturday.
£Tp£ 1 IlEIxa PIANO CO.. 13G EUls St.
wj\T FD- » rood square pianos, suitable for
itrtjjioja__BYRON MAUZY. 303 P; St st.
<3T »l'r.H T ER sal? of upright pianos for stor-
aeeT KO up. WILSOX'9 Stciagg. 1710 Market.
Ti— In the swim: rent a new piano for $3 par
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. :.go nays st
THF WILEY B. ALLEX CO.. 21* Post St.:
Hardman. Conover and other piano*.
«5OHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. CablT. Him!l-
"ton pianos. 30* Post St.. ffpp. Union Siuar".
B »RO \I V— Good piano- cheap; Installment $3
per month. SGHM1T2. 16 aicAUlyter st.
W G. BADGER. 4H Sacramento St.. airent for
Francl3 Bacon and Hallett & Davis pane a.
St'PERIOR rioilns. zithers, old and new. II.
MttLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. ;
RFDT'CTION sale: new rianos. $5 piymenta?
for rent. $2 up. BRL'EN.V. 20S P(v?t .^t.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS rnges. In ~aT»r. fo- mailing. »1 r^-r year.
OFFICES AND STOHKS TO LET.
TO LET— Loft at «3 Front St.; It— tO feet; en-
! trance on Front !>t. ; rent $40. Apply tf
WREDEX, KOHLMCCS CO.. 412 Front St. ? '
EMMA SPRECKEL3 building. SIT Market^.
Offices, light and sunny. $13 to $30 per month;
light, heat, janitor and nae of tr'- Included.
TO rent— Modern «tore; well listed; 83xl«0;
rent reasonable. 323 Hayes st.Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
August 28. 1900. - . . .
Th« time ball on the tower of the- new Ferry
building; was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e.. . at noon of the 130th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. 8. N., In charge.
Branch Hydrosraphlc Office, TJ. S. N., Mer-
Time Ball.
Shipping Intelligence.
NEAH BAY— Passed in.Aujr 2S— Br ship Clan
Mackenzie, from Yokohama, for British Colum
bia; BChr Robert Lewers, from Honolulu, for
Port Ludlow.
Passed out Aug 28— Bark Big Bonanza, from
Tacoma, for Adelaide; stmr Robert Dollar, from
Seattle, for Cape Nome; stmr Progreso, from
Seattle, for San Francisco. *
USAL— Arrived Auc 27— Stmr Navarro. hence
Aus 23.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Aug 27— Schr
Mary Etta, hence Aug 25/
. Sailed Aug 28— Schr Reliance, for San Fran
cisco. -
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Aug 23— Ship Mar
ion Chilcott. from ¦ Honolulu.
'¦'. BANDON— Arrived Aug 28— Schr Conflanza,
hence Au£ IS. ¦• - •¦ ¦¦
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 2S— U S
etmr Lawton. from Cane Nome; bark Oregon,
from Esqulmalt ; bark Hesper, from Chemainus.
for Melbourne. . „ BaMfSC""
Passed up Aug 28— Russ ship Glenard. from
Antwerp, for Tacoma; bark Oregon, for Port
Rlikpl^v '" ¦
SFATTLE— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Robert Dol
lar.for' Cape Nome; shiD A J Fuller, for San
Francisco. „ „ ,
Arrived Aug 2S— Ship Berlin, hence Aug 4;
Ru5S ship Glenard. from Antwerp; U S stmr
Lawton, from Cape Nome. '¦¦¦•
-. ASTORIA— Arrived Aub 28— Stmr Columbia,
hence Aus • 20. - :*ljataMNwl<niipiliiJjWi1|Mi<*iBai
•;• Sailed Aug 2S— Stmr Del Norte. for San Fran
cisco. - - ¦¦-" ' " .
: EUREKA— Sailed Aug 2S— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco. - jtPlff • -
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug lS-Stmr : City of
DOMESTIC PORTS
SEATTLE, Aug 28— Stmr Tacoma Is ashore at
West Seattle." Damage unknown.
MISCELLANEOUS,
Aug 14, Iat 14 N, Ion 26 W— Br ship Alclnous,
from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 28, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 13 miles. „ -
Tuesday, August 23.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson. .
Etmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg. •
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka, j
Stmr Peru, Frlele, Panama and way ports.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, Ventura?
Stmr GlDsy. Leland, Santa Crua.
Stmr Santa Cruz. HInkle. Moss Landing.
Br stmr Belgian King, Weiss, Manila and
Honolulu.
Br ship Afghanlstjin. Cralgie. Liverpool. ¦
Schr Mary and Ida, Ipsen. , Unga.
Schr Laura Pike. Johnson. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Tuesday, August 28.
Stmr Peru, Frlele, Panama, etc; P M S S Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, August 28.
Stmr China, Seab'ury, 28 days 14 hours 19
minutes from Hongkong. vla-Yokohama 17 days
17 hours 8 minutes,, via Honolulu 6 days 15
hours 33 minutes. .
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 19 hours from)Need!e
Rock.
Stmr Empire. Macgenn, 52 hours from Coos
Bay, via Eureka 29 hours.
Stmr State of California, Parsons,- 59 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 43 hours.
Stmr Matteawan. Cro6scup, 84 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Cleone, Madsen, 19 hours from Usal.
Etmr Lakme, Schage, 4^4 days from Tacoma.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 13 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Curacao, Von Helms, 11 days from
Guaymas, via Ensenada 45 hours.
Br stmr Warfleld, Pattie, 4 days from Oys
ter Harbor.
ARRIVED.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
II E Barber & w, Stkni
J L Bryson, Stockton
H McDonald, Portervl
K F Cooper. Portland
G F McNoble. Stocktn
L Du Pont Syle, Bkley
J C ShlJfen. Bakersfleld
Mrs Campbell, Yreka
J L Lodee, Yreka
F R Cory & w, Stktn
L-Waud & w, S S Peru
L Harris. Alamos
W Smith.-^Courtland
J Raymond, Cal
B Neustadter & w, Cal
R Davis & w. Mill Val
XV McGrath, Watsonvl
R Brown, Petaluma
F Swarton, S Cruz
A Flbush. Oakland
J E Bastler. L Ang
J T Stevens, Palo Alto
G Boyte. Sacto
J Carroll. Oakland
C Crow. Oakland
J F Hadeley. USA
J B Ladd & w, Stktn
W C Brown & w, L A
Fanny Brown, L Ang
J D Boyd, Marysville '
G Andrews & w, Portld
F M Lyon & w, L Ang
M Biggs Jr. Orovllle
R Luscombe, L Gatos
W Rogers, L Gatos
Mrs Williams, Portrvl
MB King & w. AVash
J Dennis & w. Sutter C
Mrs Courtrlght, III
Lent Courtright, 111
F Courtright. Ill
C O Hlckok. Colusa
Miss Wilson. S Jose
M B Faesett. L Ang
K Miller & w. Stocktn
W Glass, Fresno
D P Smith & w, Pa
J Hodgens & w. Pa
S F Massey, USA
T C Snider. Cal
E F Wolener, Nev
R Johnston, Seattle
E C Ivins. S L Obispo
H J Smith. Sonora
J H Williams. Cal
A Schmabel, Newcastle
T A Templeton. Uklah
J B Selander. Chicago
E Bransford, Stockton
« Kennedy, Livermore
Mrs Lyons, Monterey
M f r s Lyons Jr, Montery
W Cronemlller, Sacto
F P Otis. Fresno
O F Adklns. Seattle
F Loenholdt & w, L A
R H Morley. Mich
Dr Byington, S Rosa
G F Kulms. Denver
\V S Green. Colusa
W S Herton, Colusa
G A Wood. Berkeley
C Bartholomew, S Dleg
H H Forney, Sacto
VV P Moon. L Ang
J Harkinson & w. Seat
J H Shercr. Colusa
J A Ochs. Colusa
Mrs Kraft. Colusa
A Kraft. Maxwell
Mrs Eckhardt, Tolo
C Eckhardt, Yolo
J Collins & w. Portld
Miss Collins. Portland
Miss Gushaw, Fortuna
HE Hutchlns, London
PALACE HOTEL.
N Moore, St Louli
C E Laldlaw, N \V* ¦
C E Laldlaw Jr. N Y
T T "Williams. Marln
P Lannan, Salt Lake
H E O'Neill. Omaha
C Greenhood, • Mont
A S Benson, Wash
Alice Benson. AVasb
Miss Oppenhelmer. Cal
M A Moody. Oregon
Mrs C Rned. Orejron
Miss A Lans, Oregon
Miss E Lantr, Oregon
T II Hereford. Ariz
C A Smith. Minn
Miss M Smith. Minn
Miss A Smith. Minn
D J MorrelL Minn
Mrs Morrell, Minn
R P Cross. Stanford
J D Moodie, Mexico
Mrs Miscall. L Ang
WE Hlmby. Conn
W M Dumott. N Y
P W Selby, ¦ Menlo
Mrs Selby. Menlo
G Knlcht. L Ans
A G Wells. L Anc
C C Remclin. L Ang
J M Barr. Chicago
A T Barr. Chicago ' :
J. T - Flssel. Japan .
H Hinds & w, Chicago
N D Maher. W Va
C :Caroenter. Chicago
5 T S , an , der80n - Kansas
R I£- Burke, S Jose
M ™ Burke. S Jose
G Michey, Belgium
H Morrison. Honolulu
N Kanda. Tokio
T Hato. Toklo
Jl Cartwrlght Jr, Honl
m t H ¦¦? Haln e-«. Japan
T P Watson. Sacto
G Toontzin, China
H Schuchard, China
« " Lcake. Calcutta
5 ** £***«' Calcutta
E H Baldrick. Korea
?r ?r Ackerman. NY
H H Swaney, Pa ¦
C M Faris. Stanford
W L Clark. N T ¦ "
6 J S anell> p alo Alto
Mrs Hanell. Palo Alto
H Walker, NY
B Lyle. NY
Miss Walker, N T
W L Gill. S Jose .
Count von Umburg,
Berlin .
Er ?, Yos lu Stanford
W Barr. Wallace
L tt V r Y Napa
g E^ e :Vs a T iena
W a Nevln. L Anr
F B Sutton, L Ang .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G W.WItherbee & fam,
Stockton .' ' ,:••;-¦
R Coughell, : Benlcla *:¦•
L Martenberg. L Ang
F Gay," San ¦ Jose „• ,
E P McMurty. ' Fresno
G Parker. Sacto : - > ;
J H Powers. ¦ Louisville
J Waddle, ; Sacto
J H Smith & w. Cal
J Godell &w, Portld
J B Grelan, Portland
E E Beatty, Cal . -
J. M Noriega & w. Cal
Mrs C at Maher, L An
Mrs J P Knox. Colton
C Knox, Colton
FiB Richardson. Cal.
S ; Ballard. Antloch
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes tha height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Eight-
Builders' Contracts.
W. M. Nichols (owner) with Charles F. Shieb
ley (contractor), architect All alterations
and additions to a two-story frame building
on lot on NW corner of Francisco and Powell
streets, W 22:11 by N 67; total $1137.
Agnes A. L. Bruce' (owner) with C. Zwler
leln (contractor), architect Morris M. Bruce —
All work for a frame dwelling on lot on NE
line of Masonic avenue, 50 SE of Java street,
SE 25 by NE 100; $3360.
P. J. Cehll (owner) with S. B. Kress (contrac
tor), architects Rousseau & Ron— All work for
a two-story and basement frame residence with
brick foundations on lot on N line of Lombard
street. 101:6^i E of Octovia, E 25 by N 137:6,
WA lH; $1938.
Matilda G. Bancroft to Hubert H. Bancroft,
undivided 1-3 of lot on SE corner of Sutter
street and Van Ness avenue, S 63:10 by E 109;
gift.
Estate of Apolonia Koch (by Andrew Grass
and Konrad Meussdorfter, executors) to' Jacob
Brandt, lot on N line of Fell street, US W of
Polk, W 27 by N 120: $7000. !
Frank C. Hatman to William and Mathilda
Percy, lot on S line of Filbert street. 130:0% W
of Franklin. W 25 by S '137:6; flO.
Absalom J. Barnett to Sarah G. Barnett. lot
on N line of Hermann or Kate street. 137:6 W
of Buchanan. W 26:3 by N 137:6; also lot on
NW corner of Van Buren and Java streets, N
48:0^, E 87:0%, SW 99:5, block 2, Flint Tract;
gift.
Mahala Brown to Ada F. Lottie L. Calvin D.
and Estella S. Brown, lot on N line of Ellis
street, 60 E of Devisadero, E 60 by N 75: $10.
Same to Ada F. Brown, lot on W line of
Scott street. C2:6 S of Post, S 25 by W 87:6;
gift.
Emma Schmeides to Frederick V. Owen, lot
on SW corner of Henry and Noe streets, S 50:8
by W 96; |10.
Frederick V. Owen to Frank S. Oliver, and
I. J. Truman Jr., same; $7000.
Anthony and Mary Rellly to Jeremiah O'Con
nor, lot on SE line of N'atoma street, 275 SW
of Seventh, SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
William H. White to Joseph B. Coryell. lot
on E line of Mississippi street, 50 S of Twenty
fifth (Yolo), S 50 by E ICO: $10.
Joseph B. and Mabel L. Coryell to James
Stewart, same; $10.
Potrero Land and Water Front Company
(corporation) to same, same (quitclaim deed);
$5. ¦ :
San Francisco Land Company (corporation)
to Elizabeth S. Williams, lot on E line of
Tenth avenue, 130 N of Clement street, N 50
by E 120; $10.
Callaghan Estate Company (corporation) to
Albert Meyer, lot on SW corner of Nineteenth
avenue and H street. W 240 by S 600; $10.
I. N. and Florence S. Rosekrans to Robert
C. Leu, lot on S line of Farallones street, 650
E of Plymouth, E 50 by S 125, block K. Rall
rcad Homestead; $10.
XV. W. Paddock to Nora Daly, lot on E line
of Goettlngen street, 175 N of Burrows, N 23
by E 120. block 18, Railroad-avenue Homestead;
$5.
¦ George and Mary Pattlson to John R. and
Mary Allaf. lot on NE line of Nineteenth ave-,
nue. 300 SE of L street. SE "5 by NE 100. block
366, South San Francisco Homestead: $10. ¦
Ellas H. Jones to Charles A. York, lots- 13
and 19. block 652. Bay Park Homestead Asso
ciation; $10.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr. Kaiser
Wilhelm II. from New Tork. for Naples and
Genoa, and proceeded.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 25-Stmr Sax
onla, from Boston.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug 2S— Stmr Astoria,
from New York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Aus 28-Stmr Staten
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
MOVILLE— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr Corinthian,
from Montreal, for Liverpool.
AUCKLAND- Arrived Aug 23— Stmr Alameda.
from Pan Francisco, for Sydney.
PLYMOUTH-Sailed Aug 28-Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg, for New York.
OCEAN. STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 28-Stmr Belgravia.
for Hamburg, via Cherbourg: stmr Cevlc. for
Lix-erpool.
Arrived Aug 23— Stmr Oceanic, from Liver
pool and Qtieenstown.
VICTORIA— Arrived Aug 2S— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Hongkong; Br stmr Good-
Win, from Hongkong.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 27— Br ship Sa
maritan, from Orejron.
PANAMA— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Newport,
hence July 18.
Sailed Aus 9— Stmr Acapulco, for Ban Fran
cisco.
QUEENSTOWN-Salled Aug 25-Br ihlp An
cyra. for Hull.
AUCKLAND- Arrived Aug 28— Stmr Alameda,
hence An; 8.
NANAIMO— Arrived Ausr 27— Nor bark Tlta
nla, hence Aug 23.
FALMOUTH-Salled Aug 27— Ft bark Canro
bert, for Dublin.
FOREIGN' PORTa
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Aug
27— Ship Herxy Villard. from Hllo, for Phila
delphia.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 21-Stmr Alllanca.
from Colon. • •
KAHULUI- Arrived Aug 1— Schr S T Alex
ander, hence July 12. Aug 18— Schr Geo W Wat
son, hemfe.Aug 2. Aug 15— Schr Eureka, from
Grays Harbor. _<
Sailed Aug 12— Bktn Mary 'Winkelinan. for
San Francisco. * .
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Aug 2S— O«r ship AI
tair, from London.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Aug 23— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka.
PORT LUDLOW- Sailed Aug 29— Schr Ethel
Zane, for Port Gamble.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Auf 2S— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
HILO-Salled Au? 8— Bark Santiago, for San
Francisco. Aug 15— Schr Metha. Nelson, for
Mahukona.
MAHUKOX A— Sailed Aug 8— Bktn Geome C
Terkins. for San Francisco.
KIHEI— Arrived Aus 1— Bkin Benida. from
Newcastle, Aus. v
Sailed Aug 5— Ship John C Potter, for San
Franciirro.
Peking, hence Aug 11; bark Edward May. hence
Aug 4; schr Reporter, from Grays Harbor: schr
F S Redfleld. from Port Gamble: ship Standard,
from Tacoma. Aug 20— Stmr China, from Yo
kohama.
Sailed Aus 17— Schr Maweema. for Port Town
send. Aug 18— Schr W H Talbot. for Port
Townsend; schr Helene. for Sa.n Francisco;
stmr City of Peking, for Yokohama.
KAANAPALL— Arrived Aug 1— Schx John A.
from Port Gamble.
Sailed Auk 15— Ship Paramlta, for San Fran
cisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1900.
11
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. Pier.
Empire ....|Coos Bay Aug. 23. 10 am Pier 13
Hongk'K Ml China & Japan Auk. 29. 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa] San Diego Ausr. 29, 11 am Pier 11
City Puebla Victoria Aug. 29. 11 am Pier 9
State Cal... Portland Aug. 31, 11am Pier 24
Newburg ..Grays Harbor Aug. 31
Coos Bay.. Newport Aug. 31. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona ...IHumholdt Auk. 31. 2 pm Pier 9
Arcata ICoos Bay Aue^31. 12 m Pier 13
TV. KrJKer.lTillamook Sep. 1, 3 pm Pier 2
Iaqua Humboldt Sep. 1, 9 am Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 1, 9 am Pier 2
Eureka .... Humboldt Sep. 2. 10 am Pier Is
Corona San Diego Sep. 2. 11 am Pier 11
W. Walla.. Victoria Sep. 3, 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 3. 3 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport Sep. 4, 9 am Pier 11
Marlposa .. Australia Sep. 5. 8 pm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 6. 11 am Pier 2*
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Newburg Grays Harbor Aug. 29
Pomona Seattle Aug. 29
Coob Bay Newport Aug. 29
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. 29
Point, Arena ... Point Arena Auf . 30
Walla" Walla.. .. Victoria Aug. 30
North Fork .... Humboldt Aug. 30
Crescent City .. CrescenfCIty Auif. 31
Arcata .: Coos Bay Aug. 30
Acapulco New York Aug. 31
Corona Pan Diego Aug. 31
Kurtka Humboldt Sep. 1
Titanla Nanalmo Sep. 1
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Sep. 1
"W. H. Kruger.. Ban Pedro Sep. 1
Columbia Portland Sep. 2
Bonlta Newport Pep. 2
Santa T$o!"a..... San Diego Sep. 4
Doric China and Japan Sep. 4
Umatllla Victoria Sep. 4
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. Pier.
Empire ....|Coos Bay Aug. 23. 10 am Pier 13
Hongk'K Ml China & Japan Auk. 29. 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa] San Diego Ausr. 29, 11 am Pier 11
City Puebla Victoria Aug. 29. 11 am Pier 9
State Cal... Portland Aug. 31, 11am Pier 24
Newburg ..Grays Harbor Aug. 31
Coos Bay.. Newport Aug. 31. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona ...IHumholdt Auk. 31. 2 pm Pier 9
Arcata ICoos Bay Aue^31. 12 m Pier 13
TV. KrJKer.lTillamook Sep. 1, 3 pm Pier 2
Iaqua Humboldt Sep. 1, 9 am Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 1, 9 am Pier 2
Eureka .... Humboldt Sep. 2. 10 am Pier Is
Corona San Diego Sep. 2. 11 am Pier 11
W. Walla.. Victoria Sep. 3, 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 3. 3 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport Sep. 4, 9 am Pier 11
Marlposa .. Australia Sep. 5. 8 pm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 6. 11 am Pier 2*
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Newburg Grays Harbor Aug. 29
Pomona Seattle Aug. 29
Coob Bay Newport Aug. 29
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. 29
Point, Arena ... Point Arena Auf . 30
Walla" Walla.. .. Victoria Aug. 30
North Fork .... Humboldt Aug. 30
Crescent City .. CrescenfCIty Auif. 31
Arcata .: Coos Bay Aug. 30
Acapulco New York Aug. 31
Corona Pan Diego Aug. 31
Kurtka Humboldt Sep. 1
Titanla Nanalmo Sep. 1
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Sep. 1
"W. H. Kruger.. Ban Pedro Sep. 1
Columbia Portland Sep. 2
Bonlta Newport Pep. 2
Santa T$o!"a..... San Diego Sep. 4
Doric China and Japan Sep. 4
Umatllla Victoria Sep. 4
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
nlgrht 25c to %\. week $1 25 to Hi open night.
OTARRELL, 1831— Two nicely furnished front
rooms; sunny; bath; private family; no chil-
dren, s
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished sunny quiet
rooms, en suite or single; gas. bath, phone.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOTEL Sutherland, 791 Sutter st.: choice loca-
tion: sunny rooms with board; first-class ¦with
every convenience. .
IIOO5IS WANTED.
WANTED— Three furnished housekeeping:
rooms; central. Box 4043. Call office.
GEXTLEMAN wishes nice furnished room;
private family; central location. Box 4034,
Call office.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 6550.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN. -:•;..}
SCHUBERT— In this city. August 16, 1900. to
tlie wife of H. G. Schubert, a son, ; >
ABRAirAMEON— COHX- In this city, August
26. 1900, by the Rev. A. B. J. Brown. Harry
Aliraharoson and Lena Cohn, both of San
Fraud rco.
KENEFICK— IIOLGATE— In this city, August
2S. 1900, by the Rev. Father McDonald, Kich-
ard Kenp.flok and Winnie Holgate.
MARRIED.
yvic/*V4ov «fc co..
FUXERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
1239 Market Et.. between 8th and 9th '
Telephone South 247.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannarjan & Gallagher).
m *wT, SANIEL P. DONOVAN. Met?
FLNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. .
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MMUTIIKK* VAVirtV ConrA.1T.
|r»rrnc hktcic.)
KAN *'lt « M'lsio.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Sir? el)
Uatx — Fbovi Acoust 13. 1900. — abkiti
*7sOOa Benida, Suisun, Klrnlra, VacsTCto.
Ramsey and 3»cri»uiento •7:l5f
•*:00* Shisu Express— Darls. WilUamj (for
Bartiett SprlozsX Willows, K*l
Bluff. FortikndV. *Ti«3»
•7:3»» MkrUnez. Saa lt»iBon.V— 3e]oi N»p*.
CalUtrg»»mlSant« Ros* 'flilSf
•¦:00a DatIs, Wootllaod. KnfghU L»ndln«.
AUtjifllle, l)ro«lilo_ *7:43p
|*«:OOa AnUati.T K i press— OgJeu and East IMSl
•»:»»iNa«i, Tr«cy. I_t_ropw Stockton *U:I3a
•»t:u«A s»it Juse. _i*ermore, Mtueitnn,
lone, Haeraiutiuto, Plsccnllle,
M*r*i Tills, chloo. Keil itlmr MilSr
•¦»3t>A O»kd*!e, Chinese (for Yojemite).
honors. Carters.. *li !5e
•D:A«« HajwarUs. Nilrs aud Way Stations. "1 1 >43 a
*O:OU a Lcs Angeles Express — Msnines,
Tcaey, Lathrop. Mtoektoa. Merced
Frssuo and Lcs Angele* *7:13r
•0:3Oa Vallrin. Maitlnez ami Way Buttons ¦HiISp
•IO:0<». The OierUn.t Li nlcod— Oicden. Don-
»er. Omaha. Chie»r> *3il3r
•IIiOOa NI1-.-S, Stockton, Miorara-utii, Men-
Joti, Fretao. lUuford, vbalia,
PorterTille M«I3»
•ll:O>>* LlTermor*. Sacg—r. Goshen Jose-
tion, Bakenaeld, Los Aa gMtm
•13:00m IUjwmMs. Mleeand Way wutloni. •ai'f.tf
tl:OUpSac»meutol(lTerStetm«rs fSiOOa
•3:O»p Haywuda. Nlles and Waj autlon*. Millf
•4>«l»r Uartluex. bau lUmon. Va!ls]o.
Sapv t,'«U«»r>n«. rt»nt» lto«a *Bil»*
•lt««r Benida. Winters, Ha;r»itienio,
Woodland, Knl»ht» Uadlnj.
MariRTlils, Orntill" '10:11*
•4i30p Kilos. Haa Joseaud Stockton *7i13f
•S>4K»rThs Owl Limited— Traor. Trerao.
BakersfleM. Saagus for Saata> Bar-
bara. Los Aogelea... M«iHt
•3:«Or8tocaton »V>43a
*3:0»r New Orleau Ezsreii-Uakcriiialii.
Hanta Hurbara, Los Angslea. Dem*
Inc. El PaiOb Naw Orleans and
Kast *Ti4»a
*»:«0r Haywardf, Nile* and S»o Jois »7» 1 1*
fliOVr Vallejo »iail3r
¦«i«Or Oriental Mail-Ogdea. Caereaa«v
Omaha. Chicago *13i43r
*«>9Of Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denver.
Omataa. Chicago. «fil»»
•TiOOf Nile*. Tracy, Lathroo. Stoektoa.... *13<13r
t?>«Op Vallejo. Vutt Vo»U and W»» Sti-
tlonsL t»ias»
•Si«3r Oregon and Ositrorula Bspraas.«ao-
rameuto. Marjifllla, Ke<l>l(ag,
r»rtl»n.|. Tiiggt Honint ami Kant *»«I34
COAST MTtXlUa (Nnrro.f «;««gt).
(foot of Mirkat 3tre»».)
{7*43a Santa Cms Excuraton for bant*
Croa and rrindpal Way Statiooa 1»iO»f
*Si 1 9 a Newark. Outer « Ille, .San Jona. Felton,
BouMerCTeek.SautaOcusaiid Ifay
Buttons ••»«•»
|»« I Sr Newark. C«uteni:i9. San Jon,Si«
Almadao. Feltos, Roald«r Ore«k,
8»nt» Cxus aad Principal Way
Htatioui •I«iSw %
•lilif Newark. Han Joss. Lei Gatoa t •=•¦»« a
<»4i13p Glenwood. Felton. Baota Cros «a»g«a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tnmtl* rSJSClSCB-raiJ if Kirkil lU.il (Slit S)—
•7:IB 9:00 lI:00».«. tl:C3 *2;03 tl<39
*1:33 t3:03 *l:C3r.M.
rrtmOltUIS— r»ltrBrui«>T.— ••H»0 1:00 10:00*.M.
|»:C3 '1:03 U:83 tl:Q3 »8:03p.ii.
COAST DIVISION (nroailUanfta).
(Third nnd Townsar..t Hit.)
tSilO* Ooean View. South Haa Vnaclaeo.. t««3«r
t?<O«a Ban joa« ami Way Ht»tl..im (New
Alinaden Wednesdays onlj) •liBOy
{7i30a Sanday Exeurrloa for Ban Jose,
Santa Cruz. Paetfio Grove ana
Principal Way StaUons t«:33»
•»•!»•» Man .lour. Trc» IM,.«... Hanta Cms.
1'aelUc r.iri»«. l'aso llnblrs. Hau
Lul* Oblipo, Sncf, Loaipoe tuJ
I'rlncfinl War 3Utloit« MilOp
•IBilO* gan Josa am! Way Stations ••iS3a
•IIjSO* Saii.IcwK.LosCatositiiilWaiSU'lnii* *3tau»
t*i43r San Mateo. li-dwoo.1. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. 8»nU Clara. Han .lone.
Tres Finos. Bauta Cr.u, Saliaaa.
Monterey and Paelfle Grors ,IOlSiA
fBiBAp San Jose and Way Stallona •? >Z»T
44:13r San Jonatnit Principal Way Stations *«:43a
tSsOOrSan Jose. Los Gatoa and Principal
Wsj Stationi f»J«OA
•3:3Op Sao Jose and Principal Way Stations tSi*9*
••i:i»p3anJuaeau.l Way SUtlons ?«i«i»4
Hl»43r San Josa an.l Way Stations *7:«*p
A (or Morning. 1* f o> A f tsruoon.
• Dally. f .-iuii'Hr exeepted. J Sunday oaly.
6 Saturday only.
« Saturday aad Snnd*« o Monday only.
CALIFORNIA N0RTBWESTE2N El. CO.
; LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI8
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
I • SAN FRAN'CISCO TO SAN RAPAEI*
¦WKEX DAIS- 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: U:35.
. 3:30. 5:10. (:3O p. m. ThursJ*ys — Extrm trip
; tt 11:10 d. m. Saturdays— Extra trlra at 1:9*
, and 11:9) d. m. "i
SUNDAYS-3:00. 9:30. U:00 a. m.X IM. IJk
i:00, t:ZO d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAM FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:rt.
S:40. 5:15 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trlpi as
1:55 and 1:35 v. m.
6UNDAT5-S:10. 9:43, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. S:M,
• 5:C5. «:23 p. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Schnetzen P— r_
¦am* schedule aa above.
Leavs I In Effect. I Arrlre'
Can Francisco. 'Apr. 13. 1900.] San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I I Sun- I 'Weefc
Days. | days, f Destination.! days. | Daya.
7:30 am 8:06 »m Novato. 10:40 ami 1:40 am
3:30 pm 1:30 am Petaluma. 4:05 pmJ10:25 am
1:13 pm 5: CO pm Santa Rota. 7:35 pm| t:X> pm
Fulton. - I
T^3 am Windsor. 10:2S aa
Healdsburjr.
Lytton.
Oeyserrille. I
1:30 ptn 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm; «:» pm
'T:30am| j Hopland j 110:23 am
1:30 pm! 8:00 am! and Uklah. | 7:33 pm| 1:20 pm
7:30 am j '¦ 10:25 am
S:00 ami Gaernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 ym ( (:30 pa
1:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:18 am! S :40 am
and
6:30 p— i 5:00 pm O'eri Ellen, (:03 pm 1:19 pea
7:Wanij 1:00 ami 110:40 am|10:JS am
S:30 pm! S:CO pm| 6«bastopoL | 7:32 pm. 1 6:20 pm
6tae«»8 eonnect at Santa Rcna for Mark 'West -
Springs and 'White Sulphur Springs: at Futtoa
for Altrur'.a: at Lytton for Lytton Sprincs: «t
Oeyservllle for Skaggs Pprin— : at Cloverdal*
for the O«rsers; at Hopland for Duncan
Bprlnjs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvlll». Carls*
bad Springs. Soda Bay. LoJceport and Bartiett
Bprlnirs; at UXiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
8prings. Blue Lakes. Laurel Df II Lake. 'Wltte?
Bprlngi, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Unity" a, Buckne.ll's.
Banhedrln Heights. HuUville. Onf» Hot
Sprints. Mendoclno City. Fort Brag*. West-
port, i Usal. 'Wllllta, LaytonvUto. Cummins.
Bell t Pprinss, Harrii, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
_nd Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tlcksts at
(reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to an points
feeyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of new, «5Q Market it.. Chronicle bid*.
M. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAJJ.
¦ General Manager. G»a. Pas*. Axvat,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallta F*rry.
Commencing April 22. 190a,
FROM SAN FBAXCISCO TO MIL— VA—UJT T
AND SAN RAF.* EL.
WKSK DAYS-7:00. •«:30. 1:XO. HM a. m.i
11:45. *1:45, 3:16. 4:13. •5:15. «:>>. «M0 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdaya
and Sundays, at >:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •S:^. »irtO. •^.00. 11:00, 1J:J»
a. m.: 12:43. 1:30. 2:33. 'tit. 6:00. «:00. !_•
p. m.
11: CO a. m. does not run to Saa Rafael Su»»
days. -
Trains marksd (•) run to Fan QuenUa.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:35. »S:30. 7:60. 8:4* *10:14 a.
m.: ia:I0. 1:15. 2:15. »l:30, 4:30. •:*> p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *I:4S and 10:20 p. ra.
StrNDATS— «:15. *i:W. »»:i0. •U:00a, m.; 12:—
m.; 1:00. 2:13. *3:S0. 4:30. *i:4J, «:43. 7:30. tt_a
p. m.
Trains marked (•> sUrt from San Qumtln. T
FROM MILL VALLEY TO 8AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:13. 6:45, 9:00. S:55. 10: JO a.
m.; 15:85. 1:45. J:45. 1:30. 4:50. 8:»p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:3J. 8:06. 10:05. 11:10 a. m. : u-JX
1^0 2:J0, 3:45. 4:55. «:15. 7:0S. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINa
7:C0 a. m. week days — Caxadero aad way sta*>
tlons.
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way n*.
tlons.
5:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays exespted)— »
Point Reyts and way station*.
8:C0 a. m.. Sundays— Cazadero aad way sta-
! tlons.
12:45 p. m. Sundays-^Potat R*ys« s_* —j*
staUoaa.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry.
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m.. 1:15 and 5: IS v. m.
SUNDAYS. ..8. ». 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. Jl 4a
NEW TAVER.V OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
TICKET OFFICES «21 MARKET BT.
SAUSALITO FERRY
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
62oKEASXTKt. Eitabtlsoed
in 1*34 tor tbe treatment of Prirat*
IXseaaes, Lost Hau hi* xl Debility or
disease vraarinsou bodyandmlndand
skin Bltf-asea fbt doctorcureawtaen
otnersfalL Try him, Charge* low
<'tire>taarnntrr!, Callorwrlt«v
Or. J. **- UlBHOJi. Box 1937.Saa FraacU co
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 pCP YCQ1*«
L_JMfls^QEl^BsB^__H____ltS^___ihMKiBfflHK_tMMiHMM_k_flla^^B^B^^H^^^BK
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. J7 and 23 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
fUHEBAL SIBE0T0B8 AND EM3ALMER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
rilVSICIAXS AVD Sl'HCEOXS.
PR.-J.- HERBERT BKEVB. Z«H Kearny rt.,
I cures by electricity Nervous Prostration, In-
• t-orr.r.ia. Asthma, Rheumatism. Paralysis, Ca-
tarrh. Consumption. Kidney, and ail lr.flam-
Tiiator-- cases; diseases diagnosed.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
\0TM Markrt St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
II P. M. ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
BALPWIN & HOWELL.
10 MOXTGOMER7 ST.
NEW PROPERTY.
HE. 000 Investment; rent* J15G0 per year; *
r.la and Leaven worth; always rented.
tSS.POO— Business corner, etore* and lodging
rmuce; 3 frontages, near Sutter and Taylor;
rents J3600.
IST53—Rer.ts JS5 per month; 2 modern houses ,
end cottase In rear; McAllister tt.. near La-
cuna; lot £7:€xirO; double frontace.
MARKET-ST. PROPERTT.
J49.000— Market et.. near Van Nees ave.;
e:cres, etc.; double frontage.
Near City Hall; 27:6x137:6; a splendid oppor-
tunity; only Ji3.5trt.
H-STREET FRONTAGES.
Several choice lets on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices aad on easy terms; c p t par-
ticulars at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
tTT.fOC — Pacific-ave. residence; elegant modern
residence. 17 rooms, 2 baths; all arrangements
for an ui>-to-date home; lot 37:6x1^:4.
-A FINE INVESTMENT.
JJO.OOO— Geary Ft., near Van Ness ave.; 4 resi-
dences; rer.ts }:S0; lot 97:€xL20 to rear street.
S37.DIK- — folsom et. ; corner; manufacturing
district; 3 frontages; rente 1170; lot 100x87:6.
$20, COO— Western Addition Improved corner;
rt-nu IUM & year; larke let 85x90; good Im-
provements; to close an estate.
BARGAINS.
JSFOO— 3 new Park flats; renta J97S per year;
half block from Haight «t.
IT.0G — Ashbury et., near Park: !-story and
lasenient residence; foreclosed; cost tSOOO.
??750— Only |lf«0 ca6h required; near Powell
rnd Him; Jnorr house; exceilent location for
I Data.
*»5no — Make rfTer; flats near Sacramento and
Hyde; rents $SGO a year; large lot 34:44x137:6;
must be told.
t£W>— Minion road, near Thirtieth: one-story
building containing «ore and 3 living rooms
in tne rear; Ftreet work done; lot 2*xTl; term*
fiono cash, balance monthly payments.
J37;/'-«;u:r.lierland St., corner of Dolores; two
fine flaw; 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $36;
lot 2oxfc?.
AN OFFER 'WANTED.
l*90»— Renta |6S; Natoma St., near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 27x73.
RE.-IDENCE PROPERTT.
ts»fr— Burhanan st.. near Haight; nice bay-
*. !ndw double <-r,ttage; 8 rooms and bath; cor-
!i'r lot; b:g hargaln.
$l.V""-B*>auUful residence In the Mission; 14
ro >ms. . baths; fine grounds; sun all around;
1>H 7i«J15; make offer.
T?*."* — Prto* redurcil; Wa*hington-st. reFi-
d'-nc. with f:n» marine view; large garden; sun
all riav; lot i:7:£xl37.€; don't fail to see this
property-
12750— Klrhmond District; entirely new; 2 cot-
t^t-e>; modrrn in every respect: easy term*.
|l»f< fill nan L>istrict. near Oolden Gate Park; J
ne-or 2-stcrj' house, 7 rooms and bath; modern
ir. every i.-Ft«*ct; lot Saxl?); easy terms; call !
fet bnach nfflce. Ninth ave. and H st.
IWQ4- Stelner «.. near Ellis; cottage 4 rooms;
lot ZlxZC. '•'.>""-
VACANT LOTS.
Pag^ «.; 30- foot; sunny corner; residence lot;
near J'srk; owner will build to suit.
Heights corner; fine view; lot
b* X 1 .'"-
tr l <^t6~ ChPaP U>U '' VaI<?acJa and Fourteenth
liZ"-~^ r '- v^ T - near F u'<*°n; lot 27:6x110.
* k7 i'" r '^ Kt - ; kp >' lot *»*12S: "tra sunny;
suitable lor flats.
»i».<>00— Presidio H*i«ht«; corner; 1S7:6x1T7:8«4:
fine marine vi«-w; rhoire r«- 6 idence lot.
iiS SSSF^S 1N THE COUNTRY.
Ji-oO-JftH \ alley oouage; S rooms ar.d bath;
Tartly finished attir; u r *r» lot: will trad- for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
______________ 10 Montgomery st.
ADMINISTRATORS BALE '
??2? »ar.ted tor following Kroperty:
rS,?^ 1 i" 1 " Ft "- neHr s ""-kton; two frontag»«
(50.OW— tnc— a* nearly t.v,o.i r>er annum- r-ie
|B~*t-KSt: close to Powell an>l gutter ?li
112^0-Hyde E t.. ne«r Hutt"r; good foc^tion
EDr r.nlt. physician or sanitarium.
S!uFt h» told to close an estate
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
EASTON. ELDniDOE & CO
CSS MARKET ST.
ON EASY ~TERMS.
BEAUTIFUL MODERN MISSION FLAT<;
FOR TOUR RENT MONET.
KW Cif-h. balance monthly; Interest C per
cent; interest only on unpaid balance- 2
flats, 4 and 5 rooms and poroelaln bath
tiled mantel, etc. '
PATS 24 PER CENT.
J150G cash; near 5th and Folsom sts.: • tene-
ments: rents $58 per month.
CHEAPEST LOT IN WESTERN ADDITION.
f3l»00 REDUCED FROM *4»50
L-.rre corner on Washington st.: 31x100
ft : fine site for elegant modern and high-
re: tinr flats.
EEAUT1"UL MISSION WARM BELT.
BEST PART; NO FOG; NO WIND.
J^OOO REDUCED FROM J4000
Make offer; elegant 40-foot lot In center
warn- belt; choicest portion.
X3000— Fine Irrel lot, 29x100 ft.; 23d et.: bitu-
men treet; beat part.
PA^S OVER 12 PER CENT.
fNAP ON LARKIN STREET BARGAIN.
JCCOO— Rents J70 per month: I fine flats.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$;:**— Rents 1505 per ar.r.um; 1 new elegant
modern flats; porcelain tubs, tile man-
tels; elegant and modern In every detail.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS-iNEW FLOATS.
f?5'?2~P T *, Cla-j-ton «.; I modern flats: lot 25x
10C:3 feet; alweys rented.
MISSION FLATS.
C3S00— 2stibstAntlaI w-U-built flats of 6 and 7
T^ m o^ an(1^ b ? th: lot 25xl22:« ft.; near
Howard and 24th «»«.
1303 CASH : $300
CALANCE AS RENT; INTEREST < PER
CENT.
L Cott«:e t rooms end porcelain bath, tile
f name., dome ce!;:nca, etc.; Mlasloa-st.
cars.
EASTON, l:LDRIDGE * CO..
. CS Market at.
MISSION cotta K e; 6 rooms and bath; lar*e lot;
terras to cult buyer. O.r.rr 4U Kearny st.
JI ?^r7- HOCSE ' * ™°n_,*ad bath; Installment*?
|£y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
f" 1 , 1^ Invited to attend the funeral this day
<V,ednesday^ by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. Services will
ICTTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 10:30 o'clock, at her late residence,
2754 Octavla street. -¦ ¦ • -¦
BECKHUSON— In this city, August 26. 1M0,
Frances Leontlne. beloved daughter of F. XV.
and Kate Beckhuscn, and sister of Mrs. C. A.
Gwynn and Augusta and Letltla Beckhflson,
a native of England, aged 22 years 5 months
and 2 days.
(pyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:20 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1704 Washington street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DINKELSPIEL— In this city, August 27, 1900.
.Tons*' Dinkelspiel, beloved son of Lena and
the late Moses Dinkelspiel. and brother - of
Mrs. David Eisner, Edward, Meyer and Car-
rie M. Dinkel!«plel of Suisun. Cal.. and Henry
G. W. Oinkflypiel of San Francisco, a native
of Sulsun, Cal., aged 25. years 4 months and
23 days. ;
Cyintermcnt private, this day (Wednes-
day), at Home of Peace Cemetery.
DINKELSPIEL— In Birds Landing, Solano
County. Cal.. August 27. 1900. Moritz Dinkel-
eplel, brother of Adolph Dinkelspiel of Seattle,
- Wash., and Joseph and Herman Dinkelspiel
of Birds Landing. Cal:, and' nephew of the
late Moses Dinkelspiel of Sulsun, Cal., a na-
tive of Gemingen, Germany, aged 46 years 5
months and 25 days. •
ANDRES— In this city. August 27, 1900. Marie
Elise Andres, beloved daughter of Louise and
the late Christian Andres, and Bister of Lou-
ise Andres, Mrs. Frank White and Mrs. Emll
Blatz of Milwaukee, a native of 8an Fran-
cisco, aged 30 years 2 months and 15 days.
(Milwaukee. Wis., papers please copy.)
DIED.
Andres. Marie E. . Lyons, Johanna
Beckhuson, Frances Mepham. Lilly V.
Dunn, VIoIr K. Moran. Michael
Dinkelspiel, Jonas Murphy, Katie
Dinkelspiel, Moritz Peterson, Peter A.
Earan, Thomas Schofieldi Matbew
Emmerson. John Sarsfield, Michael
Farnsworth, David L. Stanyan, Jennie O.
Harrower, James Welzer, John
Hinrichs. Peter Wheeler, Charles C.
Hostetter. Philip A. Whltley, James H.
Keller,. Maggie Wilson, Winifred
Lynch, Mary A.
PROPOSALS will be received at tho Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
"Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon. Sep-
tember 11, 1900, and publicly opened Imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yard. Mare Inland. Cal., a quantity of ma-
chine tools. Iron pipe, bricks, and skylight
frame and glass. Blank proposals will be.
furnished upon application to the Bureau or
to tho Navy Pay Office, San Francisco, Cal.
A. S. KENNY, Paymaster General, II. S. N.
8-15-00.
THE Oi R, & N, CO,
DISPATCH T*AST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at II A. M.
CADC $12 First Class including Berth
I Hilt $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
August 31. Sept. 10, 20, 30
COLUMBIA sails Sept. 6, 15, 23. Oct. 6
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
COMPAGNIS OENEEALE TBANSATLA5TIQU5.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .y^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1S39. at -^i»' "Hj%
10 a. va.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA TOURAINE, August 30;
L*AQUITAINE. Sept. 6; LA BRETAGNE.
Sept. 11 J LA LORRAINE. Sept. 20. First class
to Havre. $32 50 and upward. Second clasa to
Havre. $53 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trio. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
TOYO EISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannar. streets, at 1 p. ra
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hloeo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received oa board on day
of salllns'.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 29. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September 22. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday. Oct. 17, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trln tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passag* apply at <*OTnnany*s offlcn.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERf. General Agent
AMERICAN LINE.
ITSWYO?*. 8OTTTW*jfi>TOW LOW*. FATO1
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New. Tork Everv Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. FlSt. Paul Sept 2*
St. Louis Sept. 12 St. Louis Oet 3
New York Sept. 191 New York Oct. 19
RED STAR LINE.
New York and AntwerD.
From New York Everv Wednesday. 13 noon.
Southwark Sept. • Kl Noordland S*pt. 2H
Westernland ...Sept. 12 Friesland Oct. 3
Kensington ....Sept. 19' South war* Oct. 10
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
:.=• - JO Montgomery Street.
0CEAXIO 8. S. CO.-HOXOI.UT.U, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. P. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Sept. 5. S p. m
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
¦ Wednesday, Sept. 19. 2 p. m
L D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. *q!s.. 114 Kon'qomsn
Piar 7. Foot Pacific St Fra:cht0fflfi«».32T Market St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
nFoTu^lAWYji^
Steamer "MontlceHo.**
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at SMS
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
P. m. Landing and office. Mlstlon-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 15W.
FARE H>c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SANTA. F*E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET-STREET FERRT.
Ltart: Orerland: Dally for Chlca- Axrlvaf
go, Kansas City. Denver
aad all Eastern polnta, .
El Paso, City of Mex- ¦
loo. Prescott aad Phoe-
nix. Ariz.. Bakersfleld.
1a.m. Vlsalla. Tulare. Han- in. m.
ford. Fresno, Merced. «
Stockton. Antloch. Stand-
ard and Touriat Sleep-
ers to Chicago. • Dining
car between Stockton
: and Bakersfleld.
Stockton Local: For - San
4:10p.m. Pablo, Pinole, Mulr,' Bay 11:05 a-xa
, Point. . Cornwall. Antl-
och and Stockton.
Baker* field Local: For San
Pablo. Pinole, Mulr. Bay
Point, Cornwall, Antl-
S p. m. och. Stockton. Merced. Urn.
Fresno. Hanford, Vlsa-
lia. Tulare and Bakers-
. field. Sleepers • to Fresno
and Bakersfleld.
TICKET OFFICES: 628 Market st.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market st.. San Francisco.
111S Broadway, Oakland.
MAHBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
William J. Bannan, 32. Z?53 Twenty-first street,
and Mary MeOrath, 24, 293S Mission street.
Henry- A. Huslng. 32, city, and Frederika E.
Holden, 25, city.
Paul Manclel, 23. city, and Marie Bourdet,
23, city.
Richard J. Keneflck, 27, 2420 Mission street,
and Winnifred L. Holgate. 26, 2420 Mission st.
Adolph Schmidt. 4K. 22 Langton street, and
G<-siena Hurst, 3S, 5 Taylor street.
Matthew J. Huddleston, 21, 73Hi Natoma
street, and Maggie Smith. 21. 2923 Pine street.
Louis Louvan. 31, city, and Delia M. Steward,
22, Santa Barbara.
PROPOSALS. <
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage — Depot
Quartermaster's office, 36 New Montgomery
st., San Francisco. Cal., August 28, 1900—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a, m..
September 12, 1300. Pacific standard time, and
then opened, for furnishing Campaign Hats,
Black Calfskin Shoes, Russet Shoes, Stock-
Ings, Undershirts, Legging Laces, Black
Hats, Waist Belts, Letters Sent and Re-
ceived Books, Corn Brooms, Hatchets and
Helves, Camp Kettles. Pickaxe* and Helves,
Shovels, Long and Short Handled; Spades.
Shelter Tent Poles. Petroleum Paper, Wrap-
ping Paper. Tailor's Crayons And Mattress
Covers. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding In the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining- proposals will be endorsed "Propo-
sals, No. 6563." and addressed to Major OS-
CAll F. LONG. Quartermaster, U. S. Vols.,
Deport Quartermaster.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No!~108~(56o" "per
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market St., on and after Saturday, Sep-
tember 1, 1900. Transfer books close on Sat-
urday, August 25, 1900, at 12 m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Caytl-
coe. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m., August 23, 27, 31, Sept. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Clego. stopping only at Port Har-
fcrd (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— II
a. m.. August 25, 29, Sept. 2. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Ca.bo, Mazatlan. Altata. La. Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of
each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. . >
The company reserves the right to chance
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i v \. • Steamers leave Broadway
fc^J* ' .. v wharf. San Francisco:
tS? 1 *?*^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a.
ttftl&S&L m " # Au SUSt 24. 19, Sept. S.
IsPkWlSK Chance to eompany"s steam-
ii\BS5nrff* era at Spattle.
E^aHsS 551 Victoria, Vancouver
ISgB5"*^gl5i (B. C). Port Townsend. S<»-
attle, Tacoma. Ev»r»tt, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
¦^* (Wash.)— 11 a. m., Annrust
24. 29, Sept. 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. R'y: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— J p. m., August
26. 31, Sept. 6, and every fifth day thereafter.
NEW typewriters, $5 down, $5 month payments.
REVALK. 403 California st.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Monteomery st.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^-We
sell better machines for less monry than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Tvpewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main 2G6.
TYPEWRITERS AXU SUPPLIES.
TO lease— 200x200, near Five Mile House, with
horses; suitable for chicken or duck ranch.
Apply TUOS. ROBERTS. 1615 Market et.
TO LEASE.
CAST-OFF clothing. "Id gold and silver bought;
r*?A postal. CQLEMAN'8. £06 Kearny st.
ALFREDT'MS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its r.aturai r-olcr; $1. at all drugsrists.
FUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
la| Co., Examiner bu'.Ming, room 407.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840— Packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 28K
STORAGE A.VD WAKEHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vais. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
LrmRER'S Ffimo fhampoo leads them all;
has real rn»rlt; try it: only 5c package.
WANTED -Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
rare; curios, all de*rriptlons. 625 Dupor.t st.
HAIR quickly cur!ed or waved by using Tal-
rotfe eurlinz fluid: 25c bottle; druggist?.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
re^ali-in at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SE\VI.\G MACHINES A.\D SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
LEPEKER'S Qulntenlca hair tonic etops falling
out; cleansing, beautifying; SSc bottle.
SfMK. B. U. GROVE. 34 Kearey. room 12—
Healer; treats chronic diseases successfully.
I'JI-nS— 300 permanent cures in San Fran'-tsco.
•rbo can be seen; no operation; no rain; par-
ticulars cent. Ad. Physician box ISM. Call.
Fl'ITS to order en installments: $15 upward;
II a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
FLECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
'5c to |l 1,0 per night; SI SO to J* per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
WHY SUFFER?
Perrons afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how long standing), or any other chronic
d:«ca»#. fhould call at once at the SANS
SOIXI. 1403 Van Ness ave.— the up-to-date In-
stitution fcr treatment. We have 28 years'
experience. Charges reasonable.
1 HE HUPSON BXVEB CO..
HOPKE BROS.
>!attreFses ""d plllowa made to order, re-
covered snd renovated: honest work guaran-
teed- i rires defy competition: fine upholstery;
-hcuV :3CS; factory, 218 and 120 Eleventh St.;
Ont-cUa cleaning and dyeing. 403 Sutter St.,
fan Kraniseo.
M-t iiM^M-Juilan MaoRae. Initiate, has
..-, nenrf hi. c:ass.~s for spirit unfoldment and
AdentEhinon TueyJay an3 Thursday evenings.
i v'.'k fr«e lecture Friday eve., S o" clock;
;^r.suiiijt"lo:i dally. S to 5. 519 Golden Gate ave.
iVrTfni-I' the popular hairdresser, does the
£r'?n snv all styles. 25c only; switches
n v*. IS Stockton »t^
MMF~i» II GROVE, scientific medicated
"u.arn"nt. 320 Ellis St.. room :S; formerly
tt iCeanur &t-
1. JAMES McGHATH. will not ** ««P c '"'"'i«
f r any debt* contracted by W wife. MAIt-
GAKET McGBATH, after this da^
UOBTONKHABKS -"four brother Andrew
would like to hoar from you. .15 Howard
ft., San Francisco.
REAL ESTATE— ¦CITY-— FOR SALE.
CLEAN' INVESTMENTS!
AT A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. ««7 MARKET ST.
tlOO.CW— Pays 5 per cent net: near Chronicle.
$175. Outf— Pays 6 per cent net; Market St.; one
tenant.
IIOO.OW— rays 5 per cent; Market st; always
rented.
J30.C00— Pays 7 per cent; few blocks ,from
Chronicle. /
J<0.000— Pays $370; grand corner; all rented.
$41.600— Pays 8 per cent net; grand corner; one
tenant; lease 5 years. '
$30,000— Kent* $2^2; new Improvements.
$22,5C0— Grand store property, 70 ft. front; rents
$:00 a month; all rentad.
$20,000— Rents $170; corner; new Improve-
ments.
$15,500— Rents $145; new Improvements.
$10.0C0— Elegant flats, not far from Van Xess;
rents $1100; only 14 cash; all rented.
J9.600— Market-st. corner; store, flat and base-
ment; modern building; former price,
$15,000.
Must sell; two fine flats; 6 Hyde at.,
near City Hall; rents S"5.
$9,000— Store property on Ninth St., near Mar-
ket; very cheap.
$?.CCO— Rents $70; new flats near Van Xess ave.
$6.090— Post St.; three flats; rents $60.
J4.6C0 — Four elegant flats of 4 rooms each;
rents ?10.
$3,250— Mission flats: rents $310 annually; near
Twenty-fourth st.
$i.2T>0 — Cozy 5-room cottage- on Castro rt.
$2,200— Rents $38; Vallejo St.; worth $3500.
*A. M. SPECK & CO, 667 MARKET ST.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE — COUXTUV — For Sale
$:0.00e— A FINE bearing vineyard of 33 acres;
the croD ready in six weeks; estimated at
$2500; district free of frost and free of dis-
ease; 1H miles from Cloverdale; winery, ca-
pacity of 70.000 tallons; this place wants ln-
fpootlon to be fully appreciated; will not ba
for/:ale after the 1st of September. Address
T. J. 1>.. 344 Cloverdale.
CHEAP little home In town, Alameda County;
pxtenslve poultry houses and yards: house for
1<>» i'i(tMins; real estate, personal property:
all fr.r t-hn. Call W>S California St.. room 2.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of <he
3CO0 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other agents in this city.
N. D. PICKELS. the land agent. 6 Geary st.
J TO LEASK— Sather ranch. Pan Pablo Creek.
Contra Costa County; 1150 acres: 250 acres
grain land: well watered; railroad facilities.
In person to R. E. ROWLAND, qrlnda Park.
| PRINTED list— M. GP.IFFIN7719 Market, r. 1;
farms and city property exchanged or «old.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
I • ' •
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000 — A NEW 6-room cottaee: connected with
cas and water mains; street work all done;
electric cars pass the property; cash or ln-
rtallments. AppljVto MASON & McLENA-
THEN. adjoining \ P.. Berkeley.
SAFE investment for 17500; block of land favor-
I ebly located tiear coming Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars C.WILLMOTT. 916 Market st.S.F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
5175 CASH. J10 monthly: new cottage, 3 large
rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation: 4
larjce level lots. 50x256; price all told $773;
¦will fence and finish up to suit buyer; plenty
of good water; soil, climate and view the very
brst; close to electric car line and 90-foot-wlde
boulevard, and not far from model school-
house; no fops nor raw winds here; Westall
Tract, adjoining East Oakland; 10 buildings
cone ud already; more coming; call or send
for circular; 4^5 Seventh St., near corner.
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. HENRY
Z. JONES, owner.
41 acres to rent near Oakland; rich land,
with bulldlncs. tools, wagons and stock.
PALSBURY. 459 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FlIKMTini; FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas, ths
farnlture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
IIUO.MS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BAUTLETT, 413— Three sunny rooms, furnished
or unfurnished; reasonable; $10.
BUCHANAN, 602 — Nicely furnished sunny cor-
ner suite: housekeeping; bath; gas; others.
BL'SII, 613—3 or 3 furnished or unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; gas and bath.
CHESTNUT. 278— Two or three sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; fine marine view.
Ef'DY, 915—3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
all conveniences: private residence.
FOLSOM. S34 — Sunny front bay window room
and kitchen; bath, modern conveniences; ?3
week.
PULTON, sns_Two sunny furnished housekeep-
| ing rorms; largo yard and bath.
GOLDEN OATE, 622— Sunny suites furnished
for housekeeping; gas stove; running water.
GOLDEN GATE, 102i— One or four housekeep-
ing rooms; cheap.
HAMPTON~piace7l9. "« Folsom. bet. Second
and Third— Four rooms and bath.
HOW Ann. 7fil'4— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suite; man and wife; others; reas'ble.
HOWARD, 1063H — Two connecting housekeeping
rms.. furn., $S; also double and single rooms.
HYDE. 40^-Kunny front parlor suite; complete
for housekeeping; also basement suite.
IVY ave.. 236—3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; rent f9.
LARKIN, £04— Sunny back bedroom and kitchen,
furnished complete for housek'ping; yard; $10.
LARKIN. 819H — Sunny housekeeping room, gas
Etove and bath, ?10 per month.
MARKET. 1524— Sunny front suite; clean; gas
range: folding bed; rent $15; telephone.
2 LARGE tunny rooms, newly papered, car-
pet^tl and furnished, complete for housekeep-
ing; rent (2 25 per week. Apply shoe store,
Tj62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2nd Ets.
MISSION, 1221, near new postofflce— Nicely
furnished housekeeping rooms; no children.
OAK, 119— Sunny front room, furnished for
housekeeping. $.">; gas extra; suitable for two.
POWELU 319— Sunny front rooms opposite
l.*nlon Square; single and housekeeping.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— Corner
punny suites complete for light housekeeping;
cIho single room*: rent reasonable; bath, tele-
• phone and reception room. -
TEHAMA. 47R, near Sixth— Two front rooms
furnlfhed for housekeeping; J3.
VAN NK-PS. 402— Front bay-window suite, new-
ly furnished for housekeeping; gas range.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Et.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfnrn.
A-BRi;N\SWIcl^TioUslEr~l«~^nmi^R0^ms
25c to n p*r night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping ; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market fold No. 1364)— Fur-
nlEhfd rmg.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BrSH. KM <The~EikY-Changed hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., {1 50 to S7
¦week: 2r>c to $1 SO night. MRS. P. RANFT.
EIGHTH, lOS— Pleasant sunny room, it 25; two
K SO p«r week.
j ELLIS. 20j. cor. Mason (Clifford)— Handsomely
f umlyhed sunny^rooms; prices reasonable.
FIFTH. 4S8-Nice furnished Tooms. en "suite or
(=Ir.«le; unfurnished rooms for light house-
keeping; r>rl«*s low.
FOLSOM. 9<>S. cr.r. 6th (The" Oliver)— New fur-
nifhfd sunny rms.^g'.ngle or suites; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. ~7T7^]n"«iy~ furn. fronVTm".;
single, en suite; gents; private; reasonable.
GOLDEN OATE, 1.-.29— 3 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hath and pantry.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en «ulte or
¦Ingle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient: baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 819— Rooms from $1 week up to J5;
25c to W night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. S89, cor. 6th— Orlando House— New
management; furnished rms. ; suites or single.
HOWARD. 2US, corner Eighteenth— Sunny fur-
nUhed room.
JESSIE. 363— Furnished rooms, |4. *5, $6; 2
housekeeping, $9. .
LARKIN. 123— Neatly furnished rooms; suitable
for two; rent reasonable.
LARKIN. 1004. nr. Post— Newly furnished rms~
light housekeeping: double rooms, JS mo. •
LAS TALMAS, 1820 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms. ; board optional.
MINNA. MS, bet. Sixth and Seventh— Nicely
furniehed hack parlor, With bath.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, jtl per week; transient. ¦.-:-'.
MISSION. 1514. near Eleventh— Cheerful sunny
room, private family, $1 25 per week.
NATOMA. 640A. between Seventh and Eighth—
I^arge sunny room for gentlemen; private
family; $0.
(CTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Mount Ollfet
Cemetery.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from residence,
Glen Rldse, Los Gatos.
WHITLEY- In this city, August 28, 1900, James
Hudson, beloved son of Robert and Hannah
Whltley. and brother of Clarence, Francis,
Robert and John A. Whitley, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 11 months and 4 days.
WILSON— In this city, August 25, 1900, Wini-
fred, beloved mother of Lawrence and Beatrice
WllEOn, a native of Jackson, Wis., aired 35
years 5 months and 9 days. (Montreal. Cana-
da, papers please copy.)
CC^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
WELZER— In the City and County Hospital.
August 2S, 1900, John Welzer, a native of
Germany, aced 61 years.
WHEELER— Died at Los Gatos. Cal., August
26. 1900, Charles Carroll Wheeler, a native of
Waterville, Me., aged 66 years.
[DTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from tho par-
lors of Carew & English, 41 Van Nes» avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his foul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
STANYAN— In this city. August 28, 1900. Jen-
nie O., widow of the late Charles H. Stanyan,
and mother of Jennie IT. and Charles H.
Stanyan, a native of Portsmouth, N. H., aged
67 years. (Boston papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2425 Mission street, between Twen-
tieth and Twenty-first. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral cars from
corner of Twentieth and Guerrero streets at
10:43 o'clock.
HINRICHS— In this city. August 28, 1900, Peter
Hlnrichs, beloved husband of Emma Hinrichs,
and father of Margarethe Hlnrlchs, a native
of Hemme. Holstein, aged 51 years 5 months
and 6 da.}"?.
HOSTETTER— In Elmhurst, Cal., AugU6t. 28,
1S00 Philip Augustus, beloved son of A.- G.
and Susan Hostetter, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 months and 21 days.
KELLER — In this city. August 28, 1900, Mag-
gie, beloved wit* of Paul E. Keller, daughter
of Mrs. James Milne, and sister of James,
George, Albert and Robert Milne, a native of
Pan Francisco, aged 2S years 3 months and 22
days. (Eureka, Femdale, Healdsburg and
Fresno papers please copy.)
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from 447 Jessie
street, between Fifth and Sixth.
LYNCH- In this city. August 27. 1900, Mary
Ann Lynch, a native of County Galway, aged
S3 y-?ars.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her niece, Mrs. M. Burke, 204 Sec-
ond street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services, commencing at 2 o'clock. Inter-
¦ ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LTONS— In this city, August 27. 1900, Johanna
Lyons, beloved mother of Mrs. Thomas Mc-
Cauley and Mrs. John Tamony, a native of
County Waterford, Ireland, aged 58 years.
(fyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend a requiem hitch mass
for the repose of her soul at St. John's
Church, Mission road, this day (Wednes-
day), at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
MEPHAM— In this city. August 28, 1900. Lilly
V.. beloved Infant daughter of James H. and
Bertha Mepham, a native of Oakland. Cal.,
ascd 1(T months. -'"
MORAN— In this city, August 27, 1900, Michael,
beloved husband of Catherine Moran, and
father of John, Thomas, Margaret and Mary
Moran and Mrs. E. J. Lunny, a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 65 years.
(T7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2S2 Shipley street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. August 28. 1900, Katie
Murphy, beloved daughter of Mr*. J. Gould,
and sister of Mrs. G. Rose and Mrs. J. Rose,
¦ a native of Australia, aged 21 years 7 months
and 2 days.
PETERSON— At Stewarts Point, August 12, 1900.
entered into lest, Peter A. Peterson, beloved
husband of Mary E. Peterson, father of Louis
W., Elizabeth C. and Amie L. Peterson, and
brother of Mrs. Chrtstinia Hanson of Liver-
more and Amie Peterson of San Francisco, a
native of Denmark, aged 41 years and 23 days.
SCIIOFIELI5 — In this city, August 27. 1900,
Mathew Schofleld, beloved husband of Rebecca.
Schofield. father of Charlotte Schofleld. and
stepfather of Lillian Brown, a native of
Wlgan. England, aged W years and 15 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his 'late resi-
dence, 1005 Marlposa street Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SARSFIELD— In this city, August 27. 1900,
Michael, beloved husband of Mary Sarsfield.
a native of the city of Cork, Ireland, aged SI
years 3 months and 26 days.-
be held at the chapel of Home of Peace Ceme-
tery. .
DUNN— In this city, August 28, 1900, Viola K.,
beloved wife of William T. Dunn, a native of
Indiana, sged 43 years 4 months and 18 days.
EAGAN— In this city. August 23, 1900, Thomas
E.it;an, beloved brother of Miss Rose and Wil-
liam EaEan; Mrs. Faber, Mrs. Relder and
Mrs. La Felsh, a native of Boston, Mass.
CyRemains at the parlors of Carew & Eng-
lish, 41 Van Ness avenue. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
EMMERSON— In Susanville. Lassen County.
Cal., August 25, 1900, John, beloved husband
of Nettle Emmerson, a native of England,
aged SO years. (Toronto, Canada, papers please
copy.) .
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday). 'at 2 o'clock, from B'nat B'rith
HalL 121 Eddy street, under the auspices of
Pacific Lodsre No. 13G. F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
FARNSWORTH— In this city, August 28, 1300.
David L., beloved husband of Fannie P.
Farnsworth, and father of Lotta P. and Silas
Farnsworth. a native of New Hampshire,
aped 61 years 9 months and 13 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
. denee, 125 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
HARROWER— In Maul, H. I., July 24, 1900,
James, beloved ¦ husband of Mariane Har-
rower. and father of William. Annie W.
and James Harrower, and brother of Henry
narrower, a native of Scotland, aged 50 years
11 months and 6 days.
I'EBSOXALS.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor— Sunny; choice; rea-
sonable: please investigate.
SIXTH, ISC — Furnished sunny rooms; single or
suites; also rooms for light housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and ladies'
'rarlor; rooms, per night. 3f>c to $1 50; week. $2
to JS; month, $8 to $20; elevator on of flee
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.David L. Farnsworth, the
Weil-Known Drayman,
Passes Away.
SUFFERINGS ARE
ENDED BY DEATH
Charge of Assault to Murder Against
Her Is Dismissed by Judge
Conlan.
As was anticipated, "Billy" Abbott has
refused to prosecute Polly Knight, alias
Rene Adams, the young laundry girl who
shot him last Saturday morning because
ho had ruined and discarded her, and the
case of assault to murder against her was
dismissed yesterday by Judge Conlan.
When the case was called Policeman
Nelson was put on the stand. In answer
to questions he said he had seen Abbott
In the rooms above his "dive" at 416 Du
pont street Monday night and Abbott had
told him that he would positively refuse
to prosecute the girl.
"I move that the case be dismissed,"
said Assistant District Attorney Weller.
.."This case," said the Judge, "resembles
that of Kitty Turner, who stabbed a mem
ber of the same class of men recently. To
dismiss the case is the only proper dispo
sition to make of it, and it is to be regret
ted that In neither instance was the
wound fatal."
The girl left the courtroom with her at
torney, ex-Judge Graham, and was con
gratulated by several friends who were
waiting for her in the corridor.
"BILLY" ABBOTT'S VICTIM
RELEASED FROM CUSTODY
"The flrst step we are taking is the bal
lasting of the entire line from Point Rich
mond to Chicago,' In order- that we may
carry passengers and freight Speedily and
safely. We shall make a strong bid fo>
the transcontinental travel by putting
into service about. November 1 the most
perfectly equipped train In the world, to
run on the fastest possible time between
here and Chicago. This will be done fot
the purpose of promoting travel from the
East to the West. The new ferry boat
San Pablo will go into service about the
last of September.
"I have just returned from Texas," con
.tinued Mr. Nevin, "and I collided with
that same old nonsensical bubonic plague*
proposition. It was at El Paso, and we
were traveling on a special train, but we
were quarantined for fifteen days because
of the alleged plague In this city. San
Francisco has suffered greatly on accoum
of the crazy idea of the plague existing
here. It is evident that the continuation
of the quarantine by the State of Texas
is due wholly to politics, and is intended
to provide soft Jobs for health officers. It
cannot lasti much longer."
TV. G. Nevln, general manager of the
Santa Fe at Los Angeles, arrived at the
Palace yesterday. -He was accompanied
by A. G. Wells, general superintendent ot
the lines west of Albuquerque, and J. M.
Barr, third vice president of the Santa Fe
at Chicago. The officials are here on a
tour of inspection and are well satisfied
with the condition of the line "at the pres
ent time. Mr. Nevin said: ¦
"The management of the Santa Fe is
deeply interested in the development of
the commerce of this port, and will nat
urally do everything in Its power to in
crease it. The acquisition of the Philip
pines and the history-making events that
are taking place in the Orient are des
tined to create a mighty progress for San
Prancisco, and it is only a question of
time when this will be a really great city.
In view of its present progress, the day
of its greatness is not far distant Appre.
elating this situation, our company Is
backing the judgment of its managers by
preparing In all ways to handle this com
ing great traffic.
Says His Company Is Convinced That
a Mighty Traffic Is Soon to
Pass Through This
Port.
Manager Nevin of the Santa
Fe Predicts a Great
Commerce.
FUTURE OF SAN
FRANCISCO FULL
OF PROSPERITY
- Decrees of divorce were granted yester- j
day by Judge Bahrs to Harriet F. Haw
ley, from William A. Hawley on the
ground of cruelty, and Sarah F. Fouts
from Arthur E. Fouts on the ground of
failure to provide. Suits for divorce have
been filed by A- W. Bock against Mary j
Bock for desertion, Lizzie Van Deursen j
against' Walter Van Deursen for failure!
to provide, Rosina Brandli against Gotlieb I
Brandli for desertion, Agnes Harrison I
against Herbert Harrison for non-sup
port, Amelia Klock against Frank Klock
for failure to provide, Josephine Lopez
against Manuel Lopez for cruelty and
Jessie Barron against Richard Barron for
failure to provide.
In the Divorce Court.
Another lot of travelers' samples and I
odd corsets, all colors and sizes, value
from 75c to $4 50, will be sold for half
price and less. Also 100 dozen 75c "Coutil"
corsets — flve-hook, spoon steel. silk
flossed— at 25c pet pair. Chester F.
Wright, 6 Geary street, corner Kearny. • i
Special Corset Sale
Hosie has been employed at Ohland's
bone yard on the San Bruno road. He
went on a spree recently and last night
came to his home. His wife noticed that
he drank the contents of a bottle in her
presence, but gave no thought to the mat
ter until the man was writhing in death's
agonies. j
David Hosie, an Aged Man, Chooses
to End a Prolonged Spree by
Death.
David Hosie, 53 years of age. residing
at 65 Valley street, committed suicide by
drinking carbolic acid last night. He was
drunk when he took his life.
SWALLOWED ACID IN
FRONT OF HIS WIFE
Lulu O'Connor has been given judgment
by - a" Jury * in 'Judge Hunt's court for $300
damages against the Golden Gate Wool en
Manufacturing: Company. Miss O'Connor
was injured v by the machinery \ in , defend
ant s factory. ! . :. , ; < ¦
Verdict for Lulu O'Connor.
We secure your , rooms - in. advance, so
avoid confusion and delay. Send; $1 to
Admission -Day Information Bureau, 830
Market street, San Francisco. ?
Admission Day Visitors.
WIDOW OF MEANS
COMMITS SUICIDE
Mrs. Louisa Borelie of San Rafael
Kills Herself in Leona Hotel,
Alameda.
JpP JLAMEDA. Aug. 28.— With her plan*
// \\ perfected for a deliberate Buicido by
h gas asphyxiation, a becomingly
dressed woman of about 40 years
called at the Leona Hotel. 1G43 Park
street, at a late hour last night and en
gaged a lodging for the night. That the
unfortunate's scheme for self-destruction
did not miscarry was evident this after
noon, when the police burst open the
door of her room and discovered her life
less body lying across the bed. The re
mains were identified to-night as those of
Mrs. Louisa Borelle, a well-to-do widow
of San Rafael.
In the woman's room aXter it had been
broken into by the police there was abun
dant evidence of a well-laid plan by
which she intended to end her troubles.
The cracks of the only door and the only
¦window had been tightly stuffed with cot
ton. Even the keyhole was so tightly
sealed that the key could not be Inserted
by the landlady when Fhe tried to locate
the escaping gas. Both jets were turned
on full and the small room was filled with
the gas. Near the body was found a coil
of rubber tubing which had not been
used, though It was evident that the
woman intended to attach it to the Jet
and inhale the gas. An empty bottle
which had contained chloroform was
among- the effects in the room, but ac
cording to Dr. C. L. Tiedale, who exam
ined the body, the unfortunate had not
taken any of the poison.
The woman wore an 18-karat plain gold
ring on the small finger of her left hand,
there being no initialing on It- In the
room wore found a cheap purse containing
$4 €0. a bottle of beef extract and a bottle
containing an iron tonic.
Mrs. Borelle "was a widow and had three
small children. She had a sister living In
Alameda, Mrs. Joseph Didicr of 2306
Clement avenue.
WIDOW, WHO, DESPONDENT
OVER HUBBAND'S DEATH,
TURNED ON THE GAS.
Mrs. Borelle came from France with her
husband about ten ¦ years ago. About a
year ago her husband died, and since his
taking off she had been subject to fits of
despondency. . She was residing with a
Mrs. Lovell, who lives on Ross street.
San Rafael. She was known to have con
fiderable property, which was left her by
her husband. About a week ago she came
to Alameda to visit her ' sister.
Young Russell; Lowry,. who gained noto
riety some time ago through his marriage
to Miss Anita Lucky George concert hall
singer, . was arrested yesterday on com
plaint of Miss? Daisy -Shlveley, recently
from the Klondike, - who declares that
Lucky's pet while squeezing her hand be
neath a table in the Oberon, at which they
were seated; on the night of August 24
"pinched"' a $2oO- diamond from her ring.
Lowry denies, that he stole the diamond.
He was released on $300 cash bail. .
Russell Lowry Arrested.
5O weak that he could not steady
himself unaided, his emaciated faco
a picture of mental torture, his
hands quivering under the tre
mendous nervous strain. J. E. King, sus
pected murderer of S. II. Church, a plo
r.eer rancher of Two Rock Valley, Marln
County, teas brought to this city last night
and placed in the City Prison.' King was
raptured near Orland at an early hour
yesterday morxing. His captors were
Deputy Sheriff M. H. Goe of Butte Coun
ty, Constable J. G. Clark of Glenn County
and John Thomas. The former two came
direct to this city with their prisoner.
From here he will be taken to San Rafael
this morning at 9 o'clock.
Finally the searchers returned, footsore
and discouraged. "He * is dead some
where," they said, and many were content
to let the matter rest with that as the
The arrest of King brings to a close one
of the most remarkable man hunts ever
held In California. For more than a
month the desperate man baffled the keen
est Sheriffs and ' Constables in five coun
ties. Again and again the officers would
come upon his trail, only to lose it just
when capture seemed most certain. The
Governor of California offered a reward
of $300 for King's capture, and the family
of the murdered rancher Increased the
sum to $500. Men from all sections of the
State joined in the search, and for days
and weeks the mountains, hills and dales
were traversed.
Constables Get First Clew;
'- "I decided- to lose i no time In: running
down Miller's story,: and, accompanied by
"He told me that King was located near
Orland and that I should start for there
at once. He advised me not to go alone,
as ' he understood the - murderer - was
armed. He was sure the man whom he
suspected was King from the description
given him by the man whom he had left
in -- charge - of - his house. Miller said he
had been away, and upon returning yes
terday was told • by his hired man of a
stranger's visit to the ranch:? He Inquired
for Mr. Miller ! and seemed --'I anxious to
know just ¦, when he. was expected ; back. ¦
Constable J. G. Clark was attending the
funeral of his wife. "I had been bothered
so many times by people who thought
they had a clew to King's "whereabouts,"
said the constable In relating the story of
King's capture last evening, "that when a
man nudged me on the shoulder? during
the progress of the services and asked me
to step outside a moment I felt like telling
him to get out and leave me alone. ': On
second thought I answered the summons
and found 'Billy' Miller, who resides
near Orland, waiting. He had driven all
the way over purposely, to see me. ¦-/-'-
Betrayed by Sis Cousin.
The day after the murder Marln County
was in a state of excitement. The people
of Two Rock Valley were especially In
censed because they knew the old rancher
so well. Church had long been a resident
of the valley and had done much to make
the little settlement thrive and prosper.
. The news of his murder spread rapidly
and was quickly followed by the forma
tion of searching nartles. Men left their
work to Join in the man hunt, and several
times it seemed as if their efforts to run
down the fugitive would be successful. He
was tracked as far as Trinity Center, and
then all trail was lost.
Not until last Monday afternoon did- the
sheriffs get any positive clew regarding
King's whereabouts, and that came from
a most unexpected source.
Search for Murderer Begins.
There was a well at one end of Mr.
Church's property which was unused by
the family. King proceeded to make use
of it for watering his horses. He was
warned by Church to keep away, but the
order was Ignored. When on a second
occasion Church discovered the horses at
the well he became more violent in hi*
orders to King to "clear out." Hot words
followed on the part of both men, and the
tilt culminated in King pulling his gun on
the rancher. Church died almost instant
ly. King coolly Jumped into his wagon
and drove away. Nothing was seen or
heard of him from that time until his ar
rest yesterday morning. ¦
ICIng is charged with having shot and
killed, Rancher S. H. Church at Two Rock
Valley on July 23. King is a piano tuner
and cleaner and he traveled through the
country towns with his wife, stopping at
the ranches and farmhouses and tuning
pianos for money or in exchange for live
stock. The couple would camp on the out
skirts of a town, feeding their horses In
near-by pastures and watering them at
some rancher's well. ¦ ¦
best solution of the mystery- There were
a few who refused to give up the hunt,
among them Constable Clark of Glenn
County. He was attending the funeral of
his wife yesterday afternoon, j when a
friend called him aside and ¦ whispered
that King, the suspect, was not seventeen
miles away. Immediately after the ser
vices the constable started in search of
the alleged murderer, and twelve hours
later he had him en route for San Fran
cisco, i
King's, Awful Crime.
rCHER CHURCH'S MURDERER AND THE TWO MEN WHO CAPTURED HIM..
"Billy" Miller had informed the Con
stable that King, the murderer, was In
the vicinity of his home and it was this
that brought about the capture.
Jameson, or King, as soon as he was
placed in a cell, rolled himself in a blanket
and was soon fast asleep. When he was
brought out for further interview he de
clared that he was workout and in need
of rest. No amount of coaxing could get
him to make any further statement.
The prisoner claims that the man who is
wanted is his second cousin to whom lie
has been told he bears a great resem
blance.
Denies He Is the Murderer.
• When he arrived at Orland, his cousin's
home, he learned that Miller was away at
Bartlett Springs. -King then went farther
looking for work. About seventeen miles
out of Orland he secured employment
herding turkeys from' a rancher named
Liebeck. iHIs employer left - the ranch
with his wife to attend a trial at Red
Bluff and King was left In charge.
When asked his name he declared it
was J. W. Jameson. Clark insisted it was
J. E. King and the prisoner's name was
entered with the latter as an alias. He
gave his age as 30 years and his occupa
tion as that of a knife grinder.
King claims he -was in California twen
ty-five years ago with his mother, since
deceased, on a visit to her relatives, the
Kings. After his mother's death he felt
a desire to return to this State to see his
kinfolks. He had had an uneventful life
and had not put aside any money, bo hi3
Journey here was made partly by rail and
at times on foot. • •
The officers had considerable difficulty
In removing the handcuffs from him and
during the operation King complained of
being worn out and was anxious to get to
sleep.
Upon reaching this city the constables
and their prisoner boarded a McAllister
street car and went direct to the City
Prison, where King was booked en route
to San Rafael. King was dressed in faded
blue overalls and Jumper and carried his
few belongings in a sack thrown over his
shoulder. . c-v;V>i--v..
Taken to City Prison.
The officers reached Orland at noon yes
terday. They left there at once for this
city, arriving about 9 o'clock last night.
King will be taken to San Rafael this
morning, where he will be arraigned on
the charge of murder.
The officers took the prisoner before Mr.
Miller,' the man who had given them the
information of his whereabouts. Miller
at once recognized King as his second
cousin. He called the prisoner cousin,
and King replied:
"I don't know you. My name is Jame
son."
"Oh, no it isn't, it's Bd King, and you
are my cousin," replied Milier.
The prisoner then made this significant
remark: "Well, you ought to know me,
then."
King's Significant Remark.
"Theij we asked him if we could water
our horse before resuming our journey.
He replied that we could and walked
ahead of us to draw up some water from
the well. While he leaned over Mr. Goe'
Jumped out of the carriage and grabbed
King before he had time to raise his gun.
"We told him he was under arrest, and
he wanted to know the charge. 'You will
find out later,' I answered. On 'the way
back he was quiet and did not seem to
care where he was going. He tried to get
us to tell him on what charge he was ar
rested. We asked him if his name was
not King, and he replied in the- negative.
'Jameson is my name,' and Jameson he
has stuck to clear to San Francisco."
Well, we have some, but I am not
sure that Mr. Lieback wants to sell
them.'
"'No, I am not,' was his reply. 'Mr.
Liebeck has gone away for a day or two.'
"•Have you any turkeys to sell?' Mr.
Goe asked.
•We had traveled about seventeen miles
out of Orland when we reached a ranch
run by a man named Liebeck. As we
neared the house we saw another man in
the doorway. Whether he suspected that
we were officers or not it is hard to tell,
but we saw him go back into the house
and when he returned, as we entered the
driveway, he had a shotgun in his hand.
•' 'Are you Mr. Liebeck'.'' I asked calm
ly, not wishing to have him suspect we
were constables.
Caught Unawares.
"Grinding razors and scissors was his
trade now, and if the people we visited
told us the truth he must have fared
pretty well, as he was given a lot of work
tO do. ¦ -
Deputy Sheriff Goe and John Thomas,
both of whom were attending the funeral,
we started for Orland. On the way we
stopped at a number of ranches and
learned that a man answering King's de
scription had been in that neighborhood
last week. At about every place we
stopped the description of King's face was
the same, but each had a different story
to tell regarding his clothes. We made
up our minds that our man was changing
his wearing apparel about three times a
day.
Brought to This City En Route to San Rafael, Where
He Must 5tand Trial for the Crime Which
Shocked the People Throughout the State.
KING, THE SUSPECTED MURDERER
OF RANCHER CHURCH, IS CAPTURED
DEATH CAME AS HE
KNELT IN PRAYER
C. 3>. McGuire Overcome by Apoplexy
in* St. Boniface's Church on
Golden Gate Avenue.
C. D. McGuire, an aged man, was sud
denly stricken with apoplexy while kneel
ing at prayer in St." Boniface's Church on
Golden Gate avenue ; yesterday. Several
persons who saw. him topple over- carried
him .to the sidewalk and summoned . an
ambulance. ¦'¦ On the road to the; hospital
McGuire died and the Morgue officials
were- notified. . T
¦ McGuire' s residence is not known. It
was originally given as 30 McAllister
street, but this was found to be.incorrect.
He- was once in the employ of the Mon
itor as a- solicitor. - .
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
: , Recommended by physicians. Water ' always
clean and warm. Tub department best In city.*
Mr. Farnsworth was an old resident of
this city and was prominent in commer
cial and political circles. Ten years ago
he was a member of the Board of Super
visors, and since holding public. office he
had not played a conspicuous part in any
movement for public benefit. The funeral
will be held from his late residence to
morrow at 2. o'clock. The interment will
be In Masonic Cemetery. s
I*A.TE D. I* FARNSWORTH.
DAVID I*. FARNSWORTH, senior
member of the firm of Parnsworth
& Ruggles, passed away yester
day at his residence, 135 Golden
Gate avenue. Deceased had been ill for
the past week and little hope was given
for his recovery. ' Th© best medical aid
was engaged in prolonging his life, but
the efforts of the attending physicians
proved unavailing. Heart disease and
other complications caused his death. At
the time of his death Mr. Farnsworth was
nearing his sixty-second year. He was a
native,, of New Hampshire. He leaves a
wife and two children to mourn his loss.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1900.
12
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
54-inch CHEVRON CHEVIOT, in all the new Grau, Tan
an! Brown Mixtures, latest material for short
skirts Si. 25 Yard
48-lnch CAMEL J S-HAIR STRIPE, In all the new Fall
colorings.. ....$1.50 Yard
52-lnch PEBBLE CHEVIOTS, In Nairns and new Porcelain
Blue-onlu..... $2.00 Yard
56-inch ZIBELINE CHEVIOT, in Quaker Grau, Brown
and new shades of Blue, veru sultahle fo? tailor or
dresses S2.OO Yard
54-lnch extra heavn CAMEL'S-HAIR ZIBELINE, In Grans,
Browns, Green and Blue, sultahle Tor short skirts...
..; $1.50 Yard
48-lnch FRENCH ZIBELINE, Camel's Hair, In 10 of the
new Fall colorings $1.50 Yard
52-lnch ENGLISH VENETIAN, all the new Fall colors for
tailor-made costumes $ 1.75 Yard
5 cases NEW FRENCH CASHMERES and NUN'S VEIL-*
INGS, in ahout fifty different shades.
Samples forwarded to anu address, and all orders, either
for samples or goods, filled and shipped the same dag
theu are received.
We have now on display our first
shipment of NEW WOOLEN DRESS
FABRICS FOR FALL, and invite
an inspection of the following
EXTRA VALUES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are Giving.
SgPSmjoins. FREE
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Cood Time and Place to Bny
Great Americai km® Tea Ci
,i« MONEY-SAVING STORES.
855 Hayes St. jig Third •«
««f Smeenth st. IM^evlsale'ro St.
146 Ninth St. 475 Hale-ht <?t
|«« F»ta">re St. m 5 Ml'i&^St. ¦
E2 Market St. 2732 24th St. ,
OAKLAND STORES
I05J "Washlneton St. «6 E. 12th St.
1237 Broadway. ugs 2m « v .
1510 Seventh St. M& g?rk st. Alameda,
¦ B St.. near 4th. San* Rafael.
A? Bi &. Premium Given -With
Every Purchase.
RRTTSHPQ FOR BARBERS. BAK-
**Xi U O£l£iO ers. bootblacks, bath-
. ' : .houses, billiard tables.
Drew ers, bookbinders, candy-makers, c&nners.
ay era. flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers,. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Country Houses, Hotels, Plats
and Cottages Furnished
Complete.
CREDIT IF DESIRED.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Kver.lngs. Near Powell.
Free Delivery "Within 3» Miles.
DR. PIERCE'S rs Guarantfed
ELECTRIC /^y^. t0 be ttl3
TVe have belts as low as $5. same «s other*
e*ll at much higher price., but they are not
"DR. PIERCE'S." If you want the BEST, a
belt that will cure without medicine, won't
fall to pieces In a short time, and which may
b« had at a moderate price, you must hav*
"DR. PIERCE 1 S."
Call or send a 2-cent itamp for "BOOKLET
NO. I." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
O2O Market Street, San Francisco.
Or 1 145 Broadway. Sew York City.
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that thes«
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed culslna and ¦«¦! rlc»
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered pa.isaceway and
operated under one management on th*
American and European p'acs.
GRAND HOTEL
"dr-mondlty..
TimiS WELL-KNOttTX AND RRLIA^LE OLD
L Sp»»clal!stc»<ir*Rloo<ir<)!3on,Cionorr!iOBa,OlP*t»
Stricture, S'>tini\al Weakness. Impotent-* and tbelr
alllerl Disorders. Roolc or* Diseases of Men, free.
OverC0ye»r3Vxper!encp.TPrni"ire£"»onaMc. Hours.
9to3(!aily,6:30toS.30»>v'ffs.Sanday«,10t.> 12. Coimnl-
tattoiifreeandsacredly confidential. C»!* or*cMres3 I
P. UOSCOE McXTLTt. M. D. V
SO.'i Krarny St^ Man Krancit'o.CaL ?
ftEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARKT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. .Rooms, 50c ts $1 50 day:
$3 to $3 week: £s to {20 month. Preo baths; hot
and cold water every room: flr« gxitu* La «T«ry
room; elevator runs all cicat,
¦ - . ¦ .-. . ----- -. --¦ ¦-- ~