again the theater managers of San Francisco have been called
,/i \\' J P° n to aid a common cause und relieve a distressed people. The ap-
II llpeal from the inundated districts of the Texas coast has been" a*
promptly rt-Vponded to by thtm as though It was to them alone it was
iddressed.'- The news of the Galveston disaster, followed by the call
iJv.i.. for aid, took them to the counsel chamber. Thera they laid their
plans for a benefit, but that their aid might be of greater benefit in the fields
of, .suffering and death they decided to forthwith subscribe $1000 to the relief
fund and. immediately forward the same to the authorities of Texas.
A' check was yrepared and signed and by to-night this money will have
been expended in securing comfort for many of the homeless. The discussion
of the proposal to five a benefit to secure additional funds for the relief of
the sufferers was next taken up. Without much arsument It was decided to
give the benefit at the Orpheum-on Tuesday next. Kach thf Jter In San Fran
cisco will send its talent to take part in the performance. Clay Clement and
L. R. Stockwell and their company from the Columbia, Ferris Hart man and
the "Ship Ahoy" company from the Alharnbra. the fumous Italian opera com
pany booked to appear at the California. Jessie Bartlett E>av:a and other stars
from the. Orpheum. Ada Lewis and company from the Alcazar, the Frawley
company from the Grand and the Tlvoll opera company and chorus will ap
pear, on- the hill and vie In entertanlng. those fortunate enough to be among
the audience at the monster entertainment. ".
. Though the above f*cts have been announced by the thtater managers,
the hour of beginning and the length of time necessary to run the programme
through have not been announced. During the remainder of this week the
managers will busy- themselves completing arrangements. Jeciding upon th«
prices to be charged for admittance and preparing the bill. Though these pre
liminaries must yet be arranged, the one fact Is assured— that through the the
ater managers of San Francisco the people will substantially respond to the
call for aid -from": Galveston. the scene of s/uffering. desolation and death.
Managers Send Big Check to
Flood Victims and Will Again
Respond to Call for Aid.
SAX FRANCISCO'S Board of Trade will make immediate and substan
tial response to the urgent appeals for aid from stricken Galveston
The appalling tragedy that destroyed the business of the city par
alyzed its commerce and left no employment for thousands of home
less and suffering people but to search the tide for the dead and dy
ir.K. is as keenly lamented throughout San Francisco as elsewhere on the
Rlobe. Likewise the response to the call for aid has been as prompt and will
be as rich in result.
Though yesterday was a holiday, early in the morning various members
of the Board of Trade conferred with President A. A. Watkins as to the
advisability of calling a meeting of the directors forthwith. Messengers
were sent to the various members of the board of directors. Within a few
hours the meeting had convened and suggestions had been offered as to the
beft means to the end. At the suggestion of President Watkins it was agreed
that three solicitors ehouid be employed to visit each and every member of
the Board of Trade, lay before them the purpose of the board andsecure their
subscriptions. A corps of employes under the direction of Henry S. Smith,
secretary of the Board of Trade, took up the labor of notifying as many mem
bers as possible of the, distress and urgent reed of the people of Galveston.
Until late In the evening the work of notifying the members of the Board
of Trade went on. This morning It is rxptcted that the gold will begin pour
ing into the coffers cf the relief committee and into the satchels of the so
licitors.
At the meeting: yesterday It was decided that money, not food and cloth
ing, would b<" forwarded for the aid of the distressed. Before food or cloth
ing could roach Galveston from this part of the country it would be too late to
be of benefit. As soon a^ the money comes In it will be r.lred to GaJveston
and within a day or two, perhaps by to-night,, the first Installment of San
Francisco's contribution will have reached the ucepe of the disaster.
"Our action for the relief of the sufferers of Galveston." said President
Watkins. "was tho result of our own deliberations and followed the sugges
tion of various members who called and made known to me their determin
ation to aid the sufferers of the flooded district. As soon as the relief fund
has assumed Fubftantial proportions it will be wired to Galveston.
"P<rhaps w* will sono the money to the Mayor of the stricken city, maybe
to the Governor of the State or to any committee which we are advised is in
charge of the relief work. By taking thrs means we will be able to assist
the sufferers when they most need assistance. From one day's labor we ex
pect substantial results."
Directors Meet at President's
Call and Decide to Raise
Funds to Aid Homeless.
BOARD OF TRADE
WILL SEND GOLD
THEATERS WILL
GIVE A BENEFIT
Galveston "under orders of the. War De
partment to investigate tue condition of
affairs and report. It is understood i.ere
that he will take charge of affairs there.
He has already taken charge of the Gal
veston. Houston and Hmderson Railroad,
the only road in -operation to the coast,
and a rigid decree against people going to
oalveston has been Issued. There 13 loud
complaint at the order. Hunareds of peo
ple are here who have relatives in ual
veston. and they are using every effort to
*?et Into the city.
Special correspondents are also having a
Continued on. Fourth Page.
. HOUSTON, Tex.. Septl .11.— General Me
: Kibbcn, commanding ? t he ; Department \ of
Texas, left to-day- on -the. .Galveston ,'
[Houston ' and^' Henderson - Railroad/ for-
Texas 'City.' where he got a skin* and went
I to: Galveston.\V General , McKlbben'goe's r to
•'. ¦ V .¦- :. .. '-..-- .'Or •'•••,.¦¦,-? .:' :.•¦'¦
CARLOADS. OF RATIONS
AND TENTS; FOR HOMELESS
"All. that I have done so far," said he,
"is to announce that if any desire to con
tribute they may leave their contributions
at the office of the Mayor, where care will
be taken" to see that the gifts are safe
until disposed of as intended. I'wlll wait
until. to-morrow /before I act. in any capa
city. .To-morrow's "reports may throw
some" different light upon the situation at
Galveston, and then is time to 'act. It
has .been suggested . that committees be
appointed to solicit contributions v from
the kind-hearted of. this city, but I have
done nothing in this direction as yet and
will not until to-morrow. ...By .'that; time
we will know more, and the' holiday* being
over '.we' can' approach "the matter: in a
businesslike ' way. So - far ; I - have formed
no plans and will not until to-morrow." ,
. According -to .the statement of Mayor
Phelan, he has not made any move In the
mattci 1 of relieving the sufferers of Gal
iveston and will not until" something more
definite is learned from the stricken dis
tricts " ' .¦ V : -*rt. '.' ' " i* ' '¦ :V .
No Move Made by Mayor.
The result of the Governor's .cogitation
was the flashing over the 'wires of the
message of Buccor from the. Golden State.
which has just "celebrated her fiftieth
year of prosperity, to the Lone : Star
State, crippled and crushed .by. the loss
of one ; of her finest cities and thousands
of human lives.
"Yes, this can be done," said the ,Gov r
ernor. "I will give the matter my serious
thought, and will do what seems best
under the* circumstances as we learn of
the condition in ' Texas in the next few
hours.' Whatever. is done must be wlth r
out regard to political, or private ambi
tions. The assistance must come from
the people" of .the State, and I will assist
in the capacity of one of the people."
Ix)s Angeles, Sacramento. Stockton. San
Jose and other large coast cities. request-
Ing them to act as assistant committees
to co-operate with the main committee of
this city. ; ;
GOVERNOR GAGE sent a telegram
late last night to Governor Sayer3
of Texas assuring the latter of the
sympathy felt by California ' for
the sufferers from the terrible dis
aster which has overtaken Galveston. Thu
telegram offers assistance -to those de
prived of home and fortune by the awful
storm. The Governor . returns to Sacra
mento to-day, and upon receiving a repiy
to the dispatch .the chief executive will
appoint a committee' to take charge of the
collection of the" aid money. -
Will Appoint a . Committee.
Shortly after his -breakfast with Cali
fornia Parlor, N. S. ;G. '.'."W., In the Palace
Hotel," the. Governor .was approached by
Charles M. Shortridge and a representa
tive of .The Call, who drew his attention
to the great distress of -the Texas- people.
It was suggested* to him that California
should not be behind in .succoring .those
whom the elements, had rendered desti
tute. In order that the contemplated as
sistance-should be '• delicately offered it
should come' from the entire people of thi3
State, and.no one-. is -more .representative
of the people than the Governor. Private
enterprises in this worthy direction' are
always regarded with the suspicion that
self-aggrandizement or: personal gain arc
the prevailing -motives,. -but when, the
Governor takes up such, a movement the
public : has full cpnfldence in what Is be
ing done and a conviction, that; their do
nations are not going astray or being mis
applied. : • '
Governor : Gage grasped' • the : situation
and stated that from an oflicial position
he could not act. He'nad not, been of
ficially informed of any disaster in Texa»
or that help for the sister State Is needed/
and added, "However, there ;is '.another
standpoint to view the situation from. The
sentiment of : humanity' and brotherhood
demands that action be taken without of
ficial red tape. I cannot see '¦¦ my way
clear to act ; in ah official capacity, but as
an individual' I do. : A rough plan which
suggests; itself to my. mind, is to appoint
a -committee of representative': men whose
Integrity Is unquestionable, and have them
take in hand. the matter of collecting food,
clothing and cash"* for - those" who are * in
need In Texas. The urgency, of the 'case
demands 1 that the majority of . the com
mittee, be selected from the; business men
of, San Francisco."* ¦'¦'; : .• ¦ •. •. Vj/
; Mr. Shortridge ¦ suggested r that' the Gov
ernor wire to some prominent citizens ; of
Qoveraoir Qage •. Sends a Message, ©f Cond oflemice .and a
Promise of .Succor to ; Texas 5 CUM piiltlii
CALIFORNIA WILL AID
HOMELESS OW GALVESTON
SCENE OF DEATH AND DESTRUCTION IN STORM-RENT GALVESTON.
GAL.VKSTON, Tex., Sept. 11.— Over
2300 bodies have already been taken
out to sea or bjirled in trenches.
Other hundreds are yet to be taken
from the ruins. These bodies are now ill
badly decomposed and they are being
burled In trenches where they are found.
Others are being burned in the debris
where it can ¦foe done safely.
There is little attempt at identification
and It Is safe to say that there will never
be a complete list of the dead.
. Chief of Police Ketchum Is in charge of
the work of burying thfc dead. There are
large bodies of men engaged in this work,
tearing up the ruins and getting out the
corpses. Sorrie of those •whose bodies arc
being taken out were probably only, in
jured when they were first struck down,
but there was no getting relief to them,
and they perished miserably.
, The remnant of the force of regular sol
diers who were stationed here, and It is
a very small remnant, have joined the po
lice in patrolling the city. ' • ¦
Several persons have already been shot,
It' Is reported.- A soldier of Captain Raf
ferty's battery, while patrolling the beach
this morning, ordered a man to desist
from looting. The fellow drew a weapon
and the soldier shot him dead. . The sol
dier was attacked by fcur other men and
he killed all of them. He had five'car
tridges in his rifle and each of them found
a victim.
Other men have also been shot but the
details. are not known, nor can the exact
number be ascertained. It. is probable
that twenty-five were killed. Some of
these were shot for falling to halt when'
ordered to do so. Others were shot for
vandalism.
The ruins of the brick buildings have
not yet been searched for the dead, and
there is a large number in them. In the
mass of rubbish which marks the site of
the Lucas Terrace Bridge house forty or
fifty people were killed outright and' their
bodies are still In the ruins.
The Orphans' Home is totally demol
ished. Ninety-two children and eleven
nuns were killed. It is rumored that one
sister escaped, but if she did no. trace can
be found of her.
Of the regular soldiers few remain.
Twenty-three were drowned at the bar
racks at Camp Hawley and seven at Boli
var. .One man drifted about in the bay
until Monday morning and was taken out
alive.
The correspondent stood at the foot of
Tremont street and counted" nine floating
bodies without- mo'vlns, and* this Js .only,
one instance. \ It is not known 'whether
these were water, front victims . or. dead
beings cast up by the sea. A lot of rub
bish was. being: loaded on-barges and this
stuff had many bodies In it.
MORE THAN TWO
THOUSAND BODIES
HAVE BEEN BURIED
dertake this work without charge
and all' moneys subscribed will be
promptly. forwarded. The company
Issued a statement to this effect
last evening and by to-night the
sounders in ¦ far away Texas will
begin to tap off the many sums .
subscribed by the people and or
ganizations of this city. The Postal
Telegraph Company's offer means
the saving of many dollars to the
relief fund and will doubtfes be
taken advantage of.
HE elves twice who gives quick
ly.". This truth has been rec
ognized by the people of San
Francisco and prompt organization
by those who have taken up the
relief work assures quick returns.
All moneys subscribed for the re
lief of the Galveston sufferers must
be as quickly forwarded. The
Postal Telegraph Company will un-
RELIEF FUND TO
BE WIRED FREE
GREWSOME WORK AT GALVESTON IN
COLLECTING AND BURYING THE DEAD
Many Conflicting Reports Sent
Out Concerning the Num
ber of Victims of the Hur
ricane, and the Figures
Range From 6OO to 5OOO.
Some 23OO Bodies Said to
Have Been Buried.
GOVERNOR OF TEXAS
WIRES THE CALL ON LOSS
OF LIFE AND PROPERTY
MOST conflicting arc the reports from Galveston relating
to the number of persons killed by the hurricane. Es
timates of the dead range from hundreds to thousands.
In a message to The Call Governor Savers of Texas says the loss
of life in Galveston alone is from 600 to 1500. The relief com
mittee of Galveston, headed by Mayor Jones, declares the dead
will number 3000. In another message Jones figures out that
5000 perished in the storm-swept city. However this may be,
the fact remains that thousands of families are homeless. Relief
is being hastened to them from many sections of the Union.
GALVESTOX, Texas, Sept. 11. — Some order is being
brought out of chaos, and something like a systematic attempt
is being made to clear the debris and remove the dead. Idlers
are being pressed into the service at the point of the bayonet
and made to work, and a military cordon is being drawn tighter
and tighter about the place. Even- horse and mule that was left
in the city is in service. Supplies are coming in from Houston,
and the first line of communication with the outside world was
obtained to-day via Texas City. The forces are working on rail
roads, and in a few days the people of Galveston believe the situ
ation will be greatly improved.
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 11.— To The Gall, San Eran
cisco: The loss of life at Galveston -alone is
from 600 to 1500. The loss of property is $10,
000,000. Four thousand houses were swept away.
JOSEPH -D.-SAYERS.yr
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 104.
The San Francisco Call.
MAYOR OF GALVESTON
SAYS 5OOG PERISHED
»
GALVESTON, £»pt. 11. — It is my opinion, based on personal
information, that 5OOO people have lost their lives here. Ap
proximately one-third of the residence portion of the city has
b«en swept away. There are several thousand people who are home
less and destitute — how many, there is no way of finding out. Ar
rangements are now being made to have the women and children
sent to Houston and other places, but the means of transportation
are limited. Thousands are still to be cared for here. We appeal to
you for immediate aid. WALTEB C. JONES, Mayor Galveston.
Tex.. Sept. 11.— The following statement of conditions at
GalvcFton and appeal for aid is issued by the local relief committee:
A conservative pFtlmate of the loss of life is that It will reach 30flf>. At least MK30
farellles ar* FVlterless an* wholly de«mi>t<». The entire remainder of the population
if FurrertliB in greater n- 1i>sb degree. Not a Mncl? church, school or charitable insti
tution, of tvhieh Galveston had bo many, is left Intact. Not a building escaped
damage, and half the whole number were entirely obliterated. There is immediate
r.eed cf clothlngr. food and household goods «,? a!l kinds. If nearby cities will open
• Fyluras for women and children the Fltuatlon will be preatly relieved. Coast cities
should Fend v* rn»: eg wen as provision*. Including kerosene oil, gasoline and candles.
W. C. JONES. Mayor.
M. I,ASKHR. President Island Savings Bank.
J. D. BKPfXER. President Cotton Exchange.
C. II. McMAPTER. for Oamlxr of Commerce.
R. O. LOWK. Manager Galvppton News.
CLARENCE OWSL.EY, Manager Galveston Tribune.pt 5 ln o H -i.T;' : Emer y officiated as ref
eree. R. R. THommedleu and Dr. C. L
Tisdale as Judges, and F. C.: CuykendaT.
and Harry, Glbbs as timers. .The official *
and the press were on the tug Reliance*
The rain drove the pleasure seekers
under cover last evenlnpr and the musi
cians who have delighted so many wltn
their concerts since the celebration *»e$j<<n
went home early. At 8 o'clock the clouds
lifted and the stars twinkled, but only
for about an hour. The bands had little
4 more than begun to play when down
came the rain and away the people scur
ried to places of shelter. The musicians
played on, thinking that the shower
would soon be over, but as the drops fel.\
faster and the crowd grew smaller th«l
plucky fellows decided to follow the peo
ple and get under cover. The restau
rants and saloon.* reqett-ed the most bent
fit from the rain, these places Iwins
crowded the remainder of the evening;
The car companies also did a thrivinz
business.
Rain Came Too Soon.
Alta Parlor. Native Daughters of tho
Golden West, entertained lavishly at their
handsomely decorated headquarters In the
Native Sons' building Monday afternoon
and evening. : '.:,
Alta's Daughters.
The ladies of Oro Flno Par'or were. all
attired in white at the reception held Mon
day afternoon and at the dance given
in the evening. For th«» entertainment of
guests there was a pleasing proRramme
of entertainment whidi had for features
an overture; address by the president,
Alice Croney; whistling solo. Zena Keefe:
vocal selections. Mr. Boquet. James Fra
zer, Grace Sherry and the .Atheneum
quartet. The dance in the evening was
well attended and was a very cnjoyabla
affair, which was under the manasre
ment of the 1900 committee, of which Miss
Xellie Mulcay is th« chairman.
Oro Fino Parlor.
Halcyon Partor of Alameda had a glori
ous time yesterday entertaining its many
friends who called. Music, song and
dancing made up the programme for the
last day.
Pacific Ball.
The semi-centennial Admission day ball
given by PaciflcxParlor In Odd Fellows'
Hail was a great success. The hall was
crowded, as -were the galleries. More
than two hundred took part In the grand
march, which was led cy Walter E. Dora,
the president, and Mrs. Dorn.
Upon the return from the parade th«
members of the parlor and many visitor*
and friends partook of a bounteous lunch
In the banquet hall. There were about 800
persons present to enjoy the hospitality of
Pacific Parlor. . •
Halcyon Parlor.
Presidio Parlor was busy yesterday en
tertaining friends and visiting parlors and
in the evening there was dancing until
midnight.
Presidio Parlor.
terday, serving ice cream and cakes to all
comers.
Grand Balls by California,
National. El Dorado and
Otber Subordinates.
THE parlors that entertained closed
headquarters yesterday after
noon and evening, and at parting
it was with the hope that the
next grand celebration by the
Native Sons would be as successful as
was the one that has attracted so much
attention in the last few days.
California Parlor.
California Parlor No. 1, assisted by
Buena Vista Parlor. N. D. G. \\\, gave a
crand ball in the Marble and Maple halls
of the Palace Hotel, which were crowded
to their limit by those who* had received
special Invitations. There was a double
grand march led by \V» D. Hobro Jr.. presi
dent of California Parlor, and Miss Kittle
Lundblade and Mfss Emma Bening,
president of Buena Vista Parlor, and Dr.
Howard Herrington.. This was followed
by a promenade in which Governor Gage
and his staff joined. There was a well
arranged programme of twelve dances,
with three extras and farewell to the
semi-centennial of California. This was
on© of the delightful functions of these
parlors during celebration week, and was
under the direction of the following com
mittees:
Recentlon— James P. Dockery. chairman; J.
B. ' Stovall. R. H. Morse, E. C. Laws, Isidor
Jacobs, Charles Magtnnls, S. Blumenthal, Mrs.
J. P. Dockery, Mrs. Eva Scheellne, Mrs. B. F.
Hanlon, Miss M. Hlgglns, Miss M. Stebbins
and Mrs. L. Estes.
Floor— W. D. Hobro Jr., MIs« Emma Ben
lng, Frank Marston. H. Stern. J. J. Neubarth,
James Gartland, J. Llnehan. H. I>unstedt, Miss
M. Long, Miss A. Hahne, Mrs. M. Noble, Miss
A. Worth, Mis3 M. Coppage and Mrs. J. J,
National Parlor.
The Techau - Auditorium was crowded
to its limit last night by the many young
men and ladies who were fortunate
enrfugh to receive invitations to attend
the good-by grand ball given by National
Parlor No. 118. This function in the
gayly-deeorated hal was conducted with
all the good taste and social precision for
which this parlor is noted. There was
presented a delightful - programme of
dances. The affair was carried out in
the most successful manner by the fol
lowing committees: ¦ ,
1900 committee— W. E.' McCreery, chairman;!
F P "VVehe. vice chairman; H. F. Ullten- '
dey, secretary : V P. G. Du Py, treasurer; J. T.
Disnaux. W. M. Brown, B. M. Hall. W. E.
Fett, W. O. Dlxon, H. G. Muller, E. N. Snook.
D. F. Nunah, Fred Glocker, J.'B. 'Whittemore;
Receptlon-=Ofnc«T8 of National Parlor.
Floor— D. F. Nunan, director; Frank Bart
lett. assistant: Georg« Schmidt, H. - Goedje,
Walter Dbushty, , E."' D. , Knight, J», W. Ooetz,
Henry Wlmlt. D. ', E. < Murden and D."T.~ Berry.
• • The General Committee, j
The general- committee-. of the celebra
tion gave an informal. dance last night in
Native Sons'- Hall, under the floor direc
torship of Dr. W. H. Seibert. Excellent
music. and a well selected programme of
dances gave those : who were present an
opportunity to spend several hours pleas
antly. • .'
Alcatraz Parlor.
, Alcatraz . Parlor j closed Its part of the
celebration : with a reception yesterday
afternoon and in the evening gave a fare
well \balh; -The ¦ programme included
twenty : numbers. • , G. Cohn • was the floor
director ¦ ' and > H. J. '„ McGInnis and ' H.
Llchtenstein his assistants. This parlor
At the hour of noon the wind was light
and several of the yachts of the Corinth
ian fleet had not reached the city front: so
the regatta committee postponed the start
for half an hour. At 12:30 the yawl Kltt'
wake and the sloops Idler, Doris II and
Anita crossed the starting line, the yawl
taking the lead from the first, and mak
ing better headway against the tide than
her competitors. The Kittiwake won by
an ample margin, covering the course in
one hour twenty minutes sixteen seconds,
beating the Idler by more than twelve
minutes actual time. The results are
shown in the table: ¦ .
/Though the racing turned out a fizzle
the many spectators on Powell-street
wharf were treated', to a beautiful sight
as the yachts cruised to and fro off th '
city front waiting, for their starting -tim^
The. water was smooth and the breez^
I^m K, rst> l later on ¦ u freshened
««?i3 erab ! y V, . The yawl Kittiwake pre
sented a striking picture \ with • her tan
sails adorned: with a kittiwake in 'white
Her victory wins for her one of th e -cup4
presented by the Semi-Centennial Admls
sJon Day Celebration > Committee of "the
native bons, the cup presented by ex-
Commodore H. E.-Law,' a f prize pennant
and a certificate of merit. The sloop Idler
wins a silver cup, a pennant and a parch
ment. t.V "•;';¦ i
GOOD-BY SOCIALS
OF M0NY PAF^LOF^S
THE semi-centennial celebra
tion of the admissionvof Cali
fornia into the Union has
been cne of the grandest that
our State of California has ever
seen, and it will till a page in the
history of the State to which every
native son can point with pride.
Of course, I cannot omit saying
that the rarade was one of the
most striking features of the whole
celebration, and that great credit
is due to all who helped to make
it the greatest pageant San Fran
cisco has ever known.
STEPHEN V. COSTELO,
Grand Marshal N. S. G. W.
entertained with lavish hand and re
ceived a large number of visitors.
El Dorado Parlor.
The members of. El Dorado Parlor, as
sisted by members of Orinda. Parlor of
the Native Daughters gave a grand bad
last night to a number of Invited guests
just enough to fill but not crowd the hall.
It was the most pleasant function that
wa* Riven by the El Dorados during the
festivities and was greatly enjoyed by all.
Olympus Parlor.
Olympus Parlor No. 1S3 has held open
house at Its headquarters, 317 Devis
adero street. The banquet given by the
parlor to its members and friends was of
unusual excellence. The president of the
parlor. William M. Abbott, was the toast
master of the evening. On Tuesday after
noon the members were "at home" and
entertained their friends. All the after
noon-.the rooms were filled to overflowing,
many of the prominent Native Sons pay
ing their respects. The guests were re
ceived by the president and H. I. Mul
creay, chairman of the 1900 committee.
In the evening a grand ball was given.
Hesperian and X>as Falmas Parlors.
Hesperian Parlor, assisted by ' Los
Lomas Parlor of the Native Daughters,
held an informal hop in Hoover Hall last
night, which was well attended despite I
the unpleasant weather.
¦ Piedmont Parlor.
Piedmont Parlor of the Native Sons and
Piedmont Parlor of Native Daughters
gave a social dance In Central Park head
quarters last evening which was enjoyed
by a large number.
Precita Parlor.
Precita Parlor entertained Its friends
and visitors In its Market-street head
quarters all the afternoon and evening
yesterday, dispensing Ice cieam. lemonade
and cake most liberally. Dancing was
one of the features.
Pacific Parlor.
Pacific Parlor after having given several
most entertaining functions- in Odd Fel
lows' Hal! closert the festivities last night
i with an informal dance.
Alcalde Parlor.
An afternoon of dancing and the serving
I, Of refreshments at the headquarters of
¦Alcalde Parlor terminated that parlor's
portion ofy the joyous festivities.
Mission Parlor.
• Mission Parlor held a reception yester
day afternoon 'at the Lyceum Theater and
In the evening gave a OancO to Its friends.
Minerva Parlor.
The ladies of Minerva Parlor. N. D. G.
.W., after having two days and two nights
entertained -visitors -in a most pleasant
manner gave a reception to friends ves-
Newark left the union depot
at 9:20 a. m. with 1200 passengers on
board, and the steamer Amador followed
ten minutes with six hundred excursion
ists. The guests on the Newark were in
charge of J. J. Handley and Charles
Torres, and those of the Amador had L.
J. Aubert and Supervisor Peter J. Curtis
to look after the creature comforts. Hes
perian Parlor band accompanied the Am
ador, and the Newark had- the Sequoia
Parlor band.
The two steamers headed for Hunters
Point, where the great dry dock was
viewed, then along the city front, where
a passing glimpse was had of the sugar
rennery and the Union Iron Works. Off
Alcatraz island the pleasure parties were
joined by the steamer H. J. Corcoran,
carrying the Stockton delegation and Its*
friends to the number of five hundred.
The steamers then passed successively
Fort Mason. Fort Baker. Sausalito, Tibu
ron and Angel Island; then through Rac-
MORE than two thousand people
availed themselves of the hos
pitality of the Native Sons to
participate In the bay J excur
sion yesterday. The steamer
coon straits, skirting the Majrin county
shore to Point Pedro, thence through the
Carqulnez straits to Mare Island Navy
Yard. Here the excursionists were re
ceived by the officers and they made an
inspection of the various departments.
The Independence band played, some flno
selections while the visitors were in th'»
yard. Returning, the steamers passed
Benicia, thence along the Contra Costa
shore, passing Martinez, Crockett, Port
Costa and the Santa Fe terminal.
Luncheon was served on the steamers,
and vocal and instrumental selections by
the guests and bands combined to make
a highly enjoyable day for all present and
a great success of the excursion. Tho
committees In charge of the affair were
as follows:
Excursion— J. J. Handler, chairman. Rlacon
72; George Alferttz, Alcalde 154: P. J. Curtis.
Precita 1S7: L. J. Aubert, vice chairman. Terb*
Buena M: Charles E. Torres. Sequoia 160: XV.
W. Sanderson, Preaidlo r>4: A. XlcKte, Mar
shall 202.
Reception committee— John E. Belcher, Fr#4
TV. Lees. Edward J. Casey. Paul St. Julian. E.
t>. Sullivan. G. WphrTnann. D. J. TVren. John
Finn. W. F. Tlllmann. Major Charles Box
ton. Dave Mot Kan. Ed Lunstedt. Daniel Suter.
Herman T. Konrad. C. E. Fredericks, Fred
Hoar, Charles A. Bcldemann.
M0NY GUESTS ON
BAY EXCURSION
Three Steamers Conveyed Them
Mare Islar)d and Other
Points nf Interest
ALL the payety and good humor
and g-ood fellowship of the
great celebration was focused
in Mechanics' Pavilion last
night, and the grand ball that
marked- the close of the four
days of festivities Wiis the
brightest, merriest feature of them all.
The celebration is over.
It outdid in every particular anything of
lt« hort rver attempted in California.
The drcorations surpass* d in beauty, the
Illumination made a fairyland of the city,
the parade dwarfed all that had preceded
It. and the Native Bens and Daughters,
conscious <if the scattering to the corners
of the State that would come with to
day, crowdtd all the spirit of merriment
That characterized the celebration into
the waltzes and twosteps and schot
tlschc-s of the grand ball.
The rain fell drearily and the streets,
that had been so gay with lights and flags
end bunting and so thronged with people,
seemed desolate by contrast. The bright
colors of the bunting- ran together arid
made crimson and yellow streaks on door-
Ft^ps and across sidewalks. Raindrops
dimmed the glory of the incandescent
lights festooned along 1 etreets and over
buildings, but inside Mechanics* Pavilion
there was no hint of the dreariness out
side. There 1500 people danced merrily,
•»h!le thousands more watched the danc
ers with delight and all thought only that
the end of the celebration was near and
That the pleasures of the ball must com
plete the measure of Joy of the carnival.
Mechanics' Pavilion never looked any
thing but barnlike until last night. The
decorations for the grand ball trans
formed it into a semblance of beauty that
was distinctly creditable to those wh'j
v.-rougM the transformation. ."Above tho
center of the dancing space, high up to
ward the timbers supporting the roof.
«erc stretched long streamers bearing
two white stripes and thre« blue ones, and
¦with blue fields bearing thirteen stars.
FUd. white and blue bunting adorned the
gallery rail. Yellow bunting hung in
praoeful fold* from chandeliers and from
the rcuprh timbers of the pavilion. Thou
sands of small flags — the national colors
and the bear flag— fluttered from pillar*
and rafters.
The crowd began (fathering early and
s«on after S o'clock every seat dowuFtaiis
was taken ajid epectators rapidly . nlled
the gallery. The crush at the dooi was
Kijrcely sr^conJ to any that has strug-
Klfd for entrance there, though tne ar
ian.s?em«*nts were excellent and the erowJ
¦was well handled. The open space bo
twet-n the doors and the transverse tier
«>f sweats was jarr.mi-J with peo|Je dressed
for the ball, and the- standing multitude
td£Pd alonfi until a. ric«;> fringe of them
pxten<3>-«i around tho puvllion. thickest at
the ptflagewirt between tho section« of
tiered seats. Conservative estimates put
The numlxf of people— »«p<»ciatoi s and
<iar.ccrx — who passed through- the doors
it I0.or.o, though scarcely that many were
prcaeal ?.t any particular time.
At 9:30 o'clock Judge F. ii. Kerrigan,
the floor manager, gave the signal, the
band* struck up a lively strain;^ and th*
Erand march b*tran.
Judge R. C. Rust, grand president of the
Native Sons of the (Jolden West, and Mrs.
j.m:« <J.it. jjrand president of the Na
tive Daughters, led the march. Mrs. Gett
wore a white silk poplin, en train, with a
de<-p flounce of chiffon beneath a flounce
of tpangl'.-d !i>.ee. The two grand presi
dents led the march with great dignity.
The second couple were Jjewts F". Bylne
ton; errand second vice-president of the
Native Sodf, and'hia fcister, Miss Clara
liyingtrin. Other grand officers of the or
der and partners from among, the promi
nent Native Daughter.* followed. .- <
The piand ms\xf\\ etarted from "lie mu
sfc stand at tbeiirest <-nd of the pavilion
and procr-cd<d along tnc south Fide cf the
dancing tpate until the leaders reacln-1
the last end of the floor. Then -the: line
doubled b&ck. Tbat was repeated until
THOUSANDS DANCE
AT THE PAVILION
Scerje Gey With) Life and Color
and Crowds Throng Floors
, the leaders had trod the length of the
[ floor ten times and ton rows of couples
i extended the lergth of the tloor. In half,
Ian hour &J0 couples were keeping step
: with the music— such u grand march as
j had never been seen before in San Fran
j cisco.
In that siruous line of young peop'.e
| were to be seen the uniforms and the
I badges of a hundred and sixty parlors of
! Native Sons and Daughters. Young men
; from the northern limits of the State.
j from the counties of Sierra Nevada
j and from the orange belt of the south
j were marching, and their partners were
j from every portion of the State.
It was a srand ball that In truth cele
¦ brnK'd for California her semi-centennial.
| Youth and beauty from every part of the
Stale was there to participate in its de
lights and to picture them afterward to
tht : ir associates at home who were less
fortunate.
At 10 o'clock the folds of the line of the
grand march covered the floor between
th<» tiers of spectators, and at a signal the
band struck up a waltz, the line broke
and the couples whirled into the mazes
of the dance.
While the lack of uniformity and con
ventionality in dress detracted possibly
from the scene as viewed in sections of
the ?ize of an ordinary bail, in its en
tirety the sea of dancers was a fascinat-
I ing sight.
J An acre and a half of young people
I treading the measures of the waltz 'is
j something worth seeing, and the thou
1 sands of spectators sat for hours watch
i iner the gay picture.
Evening dress or uniform, ¦whichever
suited individual convenience, was worn
Many of the women were handsomely
gowned, and white and the delicate
shades prevailed in the color scheme of
the field of dancers, ¦with here and thero
a dress of brighter hue giving it a dash
of life.
The hundreds of young women in the
j dances were to a remarkable degree rep
resentative of the California girl. Amons
them could be seen magnificent speci
mens of beautiful women. Junos with
masses of Titian hair. Perfect types of
Spanish beauty mingled with ths less
pronounced types of American woman
hood. The ball vividly illustrated the
cosmopolitan character of the population
of the State. rj£
Immediately after the grand march hun
j dreds left and hurried to halls where In
| dividual pnrlor? were giving dances, but
I no diminution in the mass of peonle in
the pavilff-n was discernible. Indeed, oth
ors coming lato krpt the number present
j close to the 10/-O0 mark. The seats for
] spectators remained Jilled, and for each
j danco few les^ than 1^00 people were on
| the floor. The acre and a half of danc
! ing t-'pace was as full as comfort ¦would
TH-rmit during the earlier hours of the
¦ ball until the -lancers began to tire ana
j to depart as the night waned.
A hundred tables were arranged at the
Fldos of the pavilion, screened from the
dancers by the tiers of seats. At these
rrfreshmenth were served, and in this re
! ppect as in ottu-rs the arrangements were
i as near faultless as could be. when the
I mngnitude of the ball Is taken Into ac-
I count.
i Conspicuous in the hall was the tall
1 form and venerable features of E. B.
Vreeland. who cttendfd the Admission
i ball of October 29. JS50. Mrs. Trevor.
¦mother of Henry Trevor of Oakland Par
lor, who was also present at that historic
j ball, was in the grand march on the arm
of her son.. proud to be a participant and
keenly appreciative of the contrast be
tween the first ball and the last.
The dance programme was as follows:
March and waltz, the parlors O f g an p ran .
Cisco: FchcitiFche. the Pioneers: lancers, Ad-
Ml-floji Day; tjeux temi>*, .Our Pioneer
Mothers: wait*. Our Guests: • Rnvotte. - Grand
Pnrlor N. S. G. W.: deux temps. California;
Khottl^Phe, The Pays of '49: waltz. Grand
Parlor. N. IX G. W.: lancrrs. the Grizzly Bear;
ravott-. Our Grand Officers: sehottWohe. The
l^adies or Pan Francisco: waltz. Our I'atrlotlc
Citizens; d"iix t'mps, The Joint Otmmlttee:
medley. Pan Francisco; >xtra. Fir*t California
neclrmn: extra. Fraternity,
Governor Gage and l.is staff arrived at
11 o clock and passed among the dancers
to seats placed for them near the music
THERE seems to be no feature
of the celebration for which
there need . be regret. The
committees are all to be con
gratulated on the success that at
tended their, efforts. Nothing but
praise for San Francisco's hosp!
pitality can be vaiced.. She treated
her guest"? royally, and all will go
home with plea.vant memories of
the occasion.
The celebration will do more to
build up the crd* r of Native Sons
than anything that has yet been
done. It has brought the parlors
into closer touch and . stimulated
their loyalty to the order and to
California. I am proud of the men
whom we saw in the parade yes
terday. - R. c. RUST.
Grand President N. S. G. "W.
stand. The band nlayed "Hail to the
Chief" as the Governor entered and the
dancers greeted him with a flutter of
handkerchiefs and cheers. Mayor Phelan
was present during a part of the evening.
A handsome souvenir programme was
Elven to each lady present. It contains
lithographed pictures dedicated to the Na
tive Sons. Native Daughters and Pioneers,
names of committees and other features
commemorative of the ball and the cele
bration.
The committees In charge were:
Floor manager, Frank H. Kerrigan: assist
ant floor managers. James A. Devoto. Frank
H. Mills. Jam-s C. Martin. David Wilson. Wal
ter c-ollirr ar.d Henry Lunstertt.
Floor committee— Jules E. Bergez, Theo H.
Forbes. Leonard Stone, John W. Rlley. Julius
Blebeshelmer. Lcuis Slobe, Fred H. Suhr Jr.,
Harry L. Hartman. George P. Nippert. Dr. C.
A. Olovcr. I./ouIs P. Powelson, John G. Joly,
P. Paul Vlautin. John Hannan, L. K. Hapen
kamp. E. L. Head. C. D. Stager. C. B. Hob
son. Con Roman. F. R. Hamilton, M. E. Llch',
Frank Kaufman. Fred Koch. H. C. Muller, V.
A. Schoonwald. K. Matheson, Dr. H. A. An
drews, H. F. Shepstnn, George Cohn. William
Ryan. W. Fenstermachrr, L. A. GlacobbI, Rob
ert Cannon. Maurice R. Squires. John H. Dam
brell, William L. Goodwin. A. J. Granville. A.
Wallace. James T. Kllroy. Dr. R. A. Cramston,
Charles J. Stewart, Philip Werner, Dr. Von
Der Rietch. Thomas Maher, Milton Nathan,
Joseph Lcdden, E. H. Wider, Mater S. Game.
M. t'iaraty.
Reception committee — Charles Janes, W. E.
Rowlands, H. E. Faure, Robert J. Bands,
Georee B. Stangenbetger. Thomas C. Conmy,
Ed J. Barton, Hugo A. Bllay, Adolph Winter
berg. J. D. Matison, Julius Llpman, H. M.
Locke, Pascal P. Maussang. A. N. Raceulllat,
Peter F. Mertes, W. H. Dick, TI. D. Lansing.
W. S. O'Brien. J. D. Abrams, Saul Magner I.
S. Green, John Gaffney, J. N. Ross, I>. N.
Anthers. James HcFarland, L. J, Fenn, S. M.
Scott, C. F. Pieperling. W. H. Lovejoy, M.
O'Donnell. F. Pendergast. Robert F. Cockard.
Robert Brunlg, John R. McGee. Dr. G. N. Van
Orden, A. R. Ashman, F. J, Splalne, J. Epp
6teln, Charles White. W..J. Buckley, Thomas
Crow-ley, Charles Bischorman, Louis Colton,
George Card. Arthur Lundbergr. Walter A.
Smith. John M. Lettlch. James Keegans.
Committees from subordinate parlors:
California No. 1— James P. Dockery. Charles
A. Boldemann, E. Myron Wolf, W. W. Shan
non and Robert II. Morse.
Pacific No. 1»— James D. Phelan, Jamps
O'CSara, S. V. Costello. T>. A. Ryan, Henry
Faur?.
Golden Gate No. 29— W. A. King, J. J. Har
rington. David Wilson, James T. Bailey, Fred
Suhr Jr.
Mission No. 38 — J. R. Altken. E. E. Olrzikow
sky. John Porcher. James Ellison, F. H. Mills
Pan Francisco No. 49— Thomas E. Hearty,
John Hennlnsr. Edward L. Rittore, Walter Col
lier. John Xe'.son.
Kl Dorado No. 52— Frank Brans. Eu«-ene P
Kpan. I^ew B. Mayer, J. C. Martin, J. J. Crow
ley.
rtincon No. 7I-T. H. Vivian. J. F. Finn
Gforpe H. 8. Dryden. J. P. Donovan. J. j'
Handley. William K. Foley.
Stanford No. 7ft— C H. Rtanyan, J. J. Lermen
J. \\~. Lewis, Frank H. Kerrigan, J. J. McCar
thy.
.y«rba Buena No. S4— Fred W. Lees. C. E
Fredericks. Laurence F. Walsh, J. E. O'Don
nrll. L.. J. Aubcrt.
Bay City No. 10*— H: G. W. Dlnkelsplel, H. L.
Gunzburger, F. W. Levy, Henry Edward, II
A. Jacobs. - . ¦ .
Nlantic N'o. 10J-A. W. Borchers. Joseph B.
Keenan, F. Mordecal. Donzel Stoney,- Finlav
Cook. ••-•:• --.. •, «.- < --_ .._ t.
National No. 118— W. E. McCreery, H. F
Jjllkendey, Dr. Charles Boxton, ¦ W." M. IJrown
P.iG. du Py.F. P. Wehe. , / W
Columbia No. 21— W. T. Hess, J. 8; Partridge
I. Harris. J. R. Howcll, P." V. Lons.
Hesperian No. 137— J. H: Roxburgh, IV II •
Kohn. K.-P. Doolan. C. B. Fenn, C. F. Buttl*
Alcatraz No. 145-J. L. Gallagher. ;C.H. Tur
ner, T. B. McGlnnls. E. P. E.-Troy.'S. G. Har
ris. ¦:.'.':
Alcalde No. "154— James A. Dpvoto. E. Las
treto. George Alferltz, O. H. FerRUSon. R. H
Ar.dreTvs.
. Precita No. 3S7-H. R. Spauldlng. W. C. Mil
ler. D. J. Wren. J. E. Behan, P. J. Curtis.
Olympus Ko. 189— H. L tlulcrevy. P. H. Cul
len. P. Deitz, Andrew Mocker. William M. Ab
bot.
NEGLECTED TO
SET OUT ONE ,;
OF THE M0RKS
flbsence of Leeward .StaKe
boat Postpones trje Big
Yacht Race
Yawl KJUiwaRe Wins First Prize
in the 20-foot Class-Other
Boats Could NotStart.
THE iifth annual regatta of the Pa
cine Inter-Club Yacht Association
was called oft yesterday, and will
take place on Saturday. The
mosquito fleet covered the "spe
cial course," reckoned as five nautical
miles, all right, but -when the boats in tho
25-foot, ! 30-foot, 30-foot, 44-foot and
70-foot classes, after rounding Blos
som Rock buoy, went off in search
of the leeward stakeboat. they were un
able to find It, the reason being the simple
one that it was not there. So, with the
exception of the tT.'enty-footers. none of
the yachts were able to'sall the course
laid down for them. Strict instructions
had been Riven to some one to set out a
leeward stakeboat, but it was not done.
Tender the circumstances there was noth
ing to do but to postpone the regatta, ex
cept as regards the twenty-footers.
EVENTS OF THE LAST DAY OF'THE SEMI-CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION
THE SA^ FRAXCISCP CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBEK 12, 1900.
IN THE WHIRL OF THE D AN CE
2
PACIFIC INTKRCLUB
YACHT ASSCCTATI'
ON REGATTA.
TWEN1
fY-FOOT SPECIAL C
.
l
I
II I
I I
„. ..
_. ¦ ¦ _
\ Starting
-¦NAME. " \ Time.
Kittiwake ..... 12:30:00
Idler 12:30:00
Doris II ..I.. 12:30:00
Anita ..../. 12:30:00
I Finishing Glasped
Time. Time.
H. M. S." H. M. S.
1:30:16 1:20:16
2:02:43 1:32:43
2:19:40 1:49:40
• I
Time I Corrected
Allowance. Time.
! H. S. H. M. S.
: ¦
' B:« 1:14:27
3:23 1:29:20
0:00 1:49:40
'
I
•r)I.<»anfPi1. .
PACIFIC INTKRCLUB
YACHT ASSCCTATI'
ON REGATTA.
TWEN1
fY-FOOT SPECIAL C
.
l
I
II I
I I
„. ..
_. ¦ ¦ _
\ Starting
-¦NAME. " \ Time.
Kittiwake ..... 12:30:00
Idler 12:30:00
Doris II ..I.. 12:30:00
Anita ..../. 12:30:00
I Finishing Glasped
Time. Time.
H. M. S." H. M. S.
1:30:16 1:20:16
2:02:43 1:32:43
2:19:40 1:49:40
• I
Time I Corrected
Allowance. Time.
! H. S. H. M. S.
: ¦
' B:« 1:14:27
3:23 1:29:20
0:00 1:49:40
'
I
•r)I.<»anfPi1. .THE GREAT CELEBRATION CLOSES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1900.
FULLY ten thousand people lined
the ocean beach yesterday morn-
Ing and watched crews from the
three life saving stations — Golden
Gate. South Side and Kort Point —
give a realistic exhibition of the manner
in which they depart for a ship in dis
tress and take off its endangered passen
gers. Every move made by the gallant
men was closely watched and favorably
commented on. The exhibition was pait
of the programme laid out by the Nativt!
Sons of the Golden .West and like the in
teresting features which had preceded it,
was a great success. Residents of the in
terior and of this city were given a splen
did illustration of the workings of the
Government's life savers, and the excel
lence and value of the service. They Baw
powerfully built men whose cheeks
glowed with health and whose muscles
stood out in their strength, bend to their
oars and make their heavy boats fly
through the water to imaginary points of
danger.
The hour set for the exercises was 9:15.
and before that time tho ocean beach was
crowded with spectators. Two-thirds oi
those on the bench, however, were de
prived of seeing the firing of the life line
and the "rescue" of men from the "rig
ging" by reason of the fact that the com
mittee having the affair in charge forgot
to notify them where that part of the pro
gramme -would be carried out. A disman
tled ship in back of the Golden Gate Life
Saving Station was used to carry out the
exercises. A. large crowd - intently
watched Captain Varney and his crew
rescue men . from the rigging by means
of the "live gun," breeches buoy and life
line, and cheered the men for their en
deavors.
After the exhibition on land the life sav
ers donned their white duck suits and life
preservers and launched their light boat,
which they use for rapid work. It is sink
able, but the brave sailors do not fear
the sea. "When some distance from shore
they deliberately upset the boat" and
clambered on top of it and waited to be
-rescued. The boat from the South Side
station fired a line to the distressed, but
Capsized Boats. TbreW Life Lines
arjd Showed 1-Jow People
Are Rescued.
Life-Saving Exhibition by tl)e
Three Crews at the
Ocean Beacf).
BRAVED THE
SURF TO HELP
THE HOLIDAY
THE CELEBRATION -BEING NEARLY OVER, THE HOMESICK ONES RAN FOR
THE BOAT.
Stops the Cough
And works oft* the cold. L«x*U%-e Bromo
<vumln« Tablets cure a cold In one day. No
Cure. Xo Pay. Price 25 c«nts. •
A. F. "Williams headed the band of Pa
cific Parlor Xo. JO yesterday and led It on
a march of visitation to many of the
"t*".cr parlor" headquarters. The band
fjf • riaded The Call, playing all the popu
l5." airs. I
Pacifies Serenade Call.
SAN FRANCISCO'S new Hall of
Justice was thrown open for pub-
Ik: inspection yesterday after
noon, the occasion being one of
the many events that marked the
closing day of the semi-centen
nial celebration. The building is a model
home, or at least It will bo when com
pleted, for the clly's police and judiciary
department. When the structure yill be
finished is hard to tell. There is still
much work to be oone, including paint-
Ing and tinting, installing the police sig
nal system* etc. The plasterers have not
yet finisheu their work on the top floor.
Several thousand people, many of them
from out of town, visited the building
between the hours of 2 and 6. There were
no lormal exercises. Olncers were sta
tioned on each lloor to impart such in
formation as the ' more inquisitive de
sired. The Superintendent of Public
Building?, who has directed the work
since ihe Board of Public Works took
control, was much in evidence and seemed
never to tire answering questions.
The building has been nearly four years
in course of construction, progress hav
ing been hampered by a multiplicity of
obstacles. Labor disputes, questions of
expense, architectural changes and wran
gles with contractors are all familiar his
tory in connection with the erection of
this .building. Even now there is dissen
sion between the painting contractors.
George Smith & Son, and the Board of
Public Works, the Jlrm maintaining that
It is entitled to extra money for addi
tional work claimed to have been made
necessary by changes in the partitions.
It Is hoped to have the building ready
for the police department in two weeks.
The present quarters of the department
In the City Hall will be used temporarily
by the southern station, and the plan is
to eventually make the present city
prison the county Jail. The new building
is one of very few In the country having
Mode! New hjome of Police
Department Inspected
by Visitors.
HALL OF JUSTICE
FORMALLY OPENED
Francisco Links.
TEN players competed yesterday in
an open handk-np, over thirty-six
holes, medal play, on the links of
the San Francisco Golf Club. S.
L. Abbott Jr. won the prize with
a gross score of 179 and a net of 175. W.
H La Boyteaux was second with a gross
pc'ore of 211 and a net of 183. The scores
cf the other players were rather high, anrt
fomc of the cracks maie no returns. The
full details are given In the table:
THIRTT-EIX HOLE HAXDICAP-6EPTEM-
S. L. Abbott Woq the Open
Handicap at tf)e San
GOLFERS DARED
THREATENING R0IN
The Hydraulickers.
Hydraulic Xo. 56, Quartz Xo. 58, and
Donner No. 162 of Nevada County received
their friends in the California Hotel Mon
day evening. The attendance was large
and a delightful evening was spent by.
members and friends. Music was furnishA
ed by Company I "band of Grass Valley.
Refreshments were served. The following
committee had charge of the headquar
ters: H. J. Campbell, D. E. Morgan, M.
Brock, Colonel L. S. Calkins, George L.
Jones, A. V. Frost, L. A. Garthe, L. A.
Walling. Will Thomas, E. J. Baker and
George Stewart.
Celebrated in Paris.
PARIS, Sept. 11.— The members of the
California Commission yesterday cele
brated the admission of California by giv
ing a promenade concert and ball at tho
United States National Pavilion. The
decorations were beautiful and the com
pany was large.
Large crowds witnessed the exhibi
tions at both stations, among them bein^
members of visiting lire departments. All
were much impressed with the neatness
and dispatch with which the work was
carried out. Chief Sullivan and Fire Com
missioner Grady were among the spec
tators.
Besides the engine drills, exhibitions
were given at both yards by picked
teams from the city truck companies. A
realistic performance of scaling the walls
of a burning- building and rescuing its In
habitants by means of the life line was
given, the lire laddies swinging on their
frail supports SO feet above the ground
with the utmost nonchalance.
While the drill at North Beach was in
progress another one of a similar char
acter was taking place at the Corporation
Sard. Channel and Seventeenth streets.
It was in this drill that the record of
the day was made— Kngine 10, Captain
Charles Hogan, establishing the mark of
1 minute 2H seconds. Battalion Chief
Shaughnessey. who superintended, de
clared fhat the time was especially praise
worthy, as the tower at Channel and
Seventeenth Is an old-fashioned affair
with narrower manholes, landings and
ladder? than the one at North Beach. It
also requires 2CW feet of hose to be laid,
whereas 50 feet suffices for the latter.
Other performers at Channel and
Seventeenth streets were engines 22 and
26, their time respectively being 1 minute
37 seconds and 1 minute 41 seconds.
The palm, however, fell to engine 3. in
charge of Captain Thomas Magner. The
time made by this company was 1 minute
3S seconds.
sixty-eight-foot tower and turning on a
stream.
WHILE the gallant fire laddies of
engine 28 at Francisco and
Stockton streets were striving
yesterday morning to establish
a record for practice for drill
¦which should live a Joy forever in depart
mental records sparks from the engine
ignited the bunting and paper decked
front of their enjririe-house. Fortunately
the tower and fittings which are us»ed in
practice are located in the space at the
rear of the englne-houre, and in an in
stant the fire fighters had entered the up
..•or part, of the building and with chemi
cal Fpray extinguished the incipient blaze.
The exhibition drill was being given for
the entertainment of visitors from the in
terior. Sharp at S o'clock yesterday en
pines 23 and 3 arrived at the practice
ground, and it was but a few moments
after the hour when Chief McClusky's
Fhrill whistie called on the crew of the
tower to show ivhat they were made of.
Gallantly they responded, but to open the
ball if always a trying thing. No. 23 is
the crack rnelne of the department, her
record beinp-t minute 23 seconds. The best
h*»r men could do under the eyes of yes
terday morning's crowd was 2.10. Captain
"Jim " leaden ascribes this partly to the
hope used— which wa.« 2 s * inches in diam
eter, wherca* his men have formerly used
2^-inch hose.
The r«*xt company to respond to the
Chiefs summons was No. 1% the home
engine, under the captaincy of "Jack"
Maxwell. But 1 minute 41 seconds was
consumed by this company In petting- out
the hose, running it to the top of the
Firemen Had Out Hose ar>d Climb
High Walls for the Entertain
mcr)t of Visitors.
SHOWED HOW THEY
FIGHT THE FIRE
The halls. have vitrified tile floors. The
building Is well lighted and Is accessible
by entrances on Kearny and Merchant
streets. The building has a tower with
time clock and striker. It cost $300,000 and
is one of the few municipal buildings in
the United States built within the originaJ
appropriation. ' ¦_ i m
There are four Police Court rooms on
the second floor and three Superior Court
rooms on the third floor. These are all tln
ishod in handsome quartered oak, deli
cately carved and highly polished. Judges
Carroll Cookand Frank Dunne are not one
whit pleased with their new quarters',
which they declare are much too small.
Each Judge has a private oflice and there
is also a jury room attached to each court
room.
In the basement is trie patrolmen's drill
room. 200 feet long, with a shooting gal
lery and shower baths attached. The as
sembly room, Captain Wlttman's office
and the sergeant's rosms are also on the
ground floor. Chief Sullivan has a hand
somely fitted suite of offices in the front
part of the first floor, while Captain Sey
mour and his detective force monopolize
the entire rear. The Commissioners also
have a spacious room on this floor. The
rogues' gallery and sweating box are fea
tures of the detective department's quar
ters. There are any number of cabinets
for filing evidence, warrants, etc., besides
a large vault for the more valuable docu
ments.
There are accommodations for 200 pris
oners. The culprits are taken to tho top
floor on an elevator u.»ed exclusively for
that purpose, which is reached by a door
way in the court In the rear of the build
ing. This court also serves as a drive
way and, place for keeping the patrol
wagons while waiting for a call- The
opening, shutting and locking of the cell
doors is done from a switch board.
the prison on the top floor. The plan Is
an innovation in San Francisco, and it
seems certain to be an improvement over
the dingy, poorly lighted cells In City
Hall basement. '
HOW NATIVE SONS WOUND UP CELEBRATION ON THE DANCING FLOOR
the missile fell short. In order to carry
out the play three of the crew dove for
the rope, but the current was too strong
and they had to return to the floating
boat. They again jumped into the water
and righted the frail craft and balled it
out with a rapidity thstt was astonishing.
They then rowed back to the landing and
brought out their unsinkablo 1— e - boat.
After joining the two other crews the
three proved the excellence, and safety of
their crafts by overturning them and al
lowing the boats to right themselves.
Major T. J. Blakeney, superintendent of
the Twelfth Life Saving District, was on
the scene and approved of the work of his
men.
The brave life savers who took part In
the interesting exhibition are:
Golden Gate Station— G. H. Varney, captain;
Charles EUInRsen. William Kleinow, Otto Py
iltz, Victor Petersen, J. Smith, — Copeland.
W. Phillips and — Hfnricksen.
South Side Station— Henry Smith, captain; Ole
Boiling, Atz. Hanniss, W. Xlckersen. John
Felshpr. Jesse Boone, Chauncey Woodruff and
Max Gnrsk:. ' /
Fcrt Point Station — J. Hodsrson. captain; J. G.
Gronbeck. Anton Holtz, J. II. Peck. Alex Carl-
Ben, AV. Eggsted, A. Raymond, P. Hansen.
FINE CONCERT IN
THE PALACE COURT
MAXY hundred people gathered
in the courtyard of the Palace
Hotel last evening and enjoyed
the concert given by the ma
rine band of the United States
training ship Pensacola.
The musicians, forty-two In number,
were placed in the palm garden, a de
lightful arrangement, permitting: the stir
ring strains of the band being carried to
all points of the vast caravansary.
At 8 o'clock sharp Concert Master
Stantbn raised his baton and the band
broke into the "Tancredi" overture of Ros
sini. At 11 o'clock the stirring strains of
the "Star-spangled Banner" smote the
air and the concert was over.
The n>usic drew all sorts and conditions
of people to the hotel's courtyard. The
greater number wore the badges of the
Native Sons, but there were quite as
many . of the hotel's guests who prome
naded in all the glory of evening dress
and lent a splendid dash to the whole
assemblage.
The. programme of the evening was as
follows: ,-
O\erture. v "Tancredi" (Rossini); grand selec
tion, '/Lucia di Lammermoor" (Donizetti); waltz,
"Dream on the Ocean" (Gunsl); cornet solo,
"The Holy City" (S. Adams); pelcction. "Tha
Serenade" CV. Herbert): . medley, "i'opular
Airs" (Beyer): Intermission; overture. "Or
pheus" (Offenbach) ; grand selection, "Nabuco
donosor" (Verdi); waltz, "Calanthe" (Holz
mann; sersnade, (Moskowskl); selection. "Maid
Marion" '(De Koven): march. "Stars and Stripes
Forever" (Sousa); "Star Spangled Banner."
Sunset No. . 26 of Sacramento gave a
grand ball in the banquet hall of the Lick
House -Monday evening. The affair was
made notable by the large and exclusive
attendance. Dancing was enjoyed until a
late hour. . During the intermlslons re
freshments wer served the cues ta.
Sunset Parlor.
Mission Parlor of this city gave an en
tertainment and ball Monday evening in
Its headquarters on O'Farrell street, near
Mason. The attendance was so large that
it was hardly possible to move around.
As at the other parlors, refreshments
were served. During the rest between^
dances Miss Marietta Worth rendered al
vocal solo, as did also Mrs. Elizabeth)
Mowry. M. -de Rocco, an amateur mono-]
loglst, gave a clever talk; Miss Gladys
Montague danced and Kelly and Marlowe
created laughter with their Jokes and
songs. The following members of the
parlor acted as a reception committee: W.
E. Munson, F. Smith. George Kraeger,
Robert Duke. F. A. Tibbltts. E. W. Geres
kowsky, H. L. A. Maas. E. K. Ochs. H.
Hartmann, J. Porcher. F. H. Mills. EL:
McGowan, S. Jacobs, William H. Hum
phreys, H. Levy and E. Krueger.
The Missionites.
The youths of '49 are here to meet the youths
Of 1900. I am glad to see so many of the Pio
neers gathered here — more than we have ever
had— and greet the young men of to-day, that
Judge A. R. Cotton, president of the
Society of California Pioneers, responded
to Mayor Phelan's address. He said:
PIOXEERS from all over the
State gathered In Native Sons'
Hall yesterday afternoon at the
reception given in their honor by
the Native Sons. Never have so
many members of the society
been assembled, and, as one of the
speakers sadly said, never will so many
of them be gathered together again on
any occasion. " r-.
The reception was In charge of a special
committee of the Native Sons, of which
Thomas E. Curran was chairman. There
were songs and speeches, and afterward
refreshments, followed by dancing.
The center of the hall was kept clear
for the promenade and dancing-. Three
tiers of chairs were arranged along the
walls, and these were nearly all occupied
by greay-headed Pioneers. Scattered
among them were a few wives of Pioneers
and an occasional Native Son or Native
Daughter.
After a number by the orchestra
Thomas E. Curran Introduced Mayor
Phelan, who delivered the address of wel
come. He spoke In part as follows:
The Society of California Pioneers and the
Xatlve Sons of the Golden West are essentially
alike. Kn.cn Is protective and benevolent, and
above all, each Is historical; each has endeav
ored to keep sacred the memories of the past.
Pioneers, you have blazed the way for us.
You have made all things easy that come after.
You have sown the harvest which we have
reaped. The commonest Instinct of gratitude
would make us -desire to express our feelings
of love, honor and appreciation of the Pioneers.
You are the builders of California. You were
the masterful spirits of the past generation.
Vou pressed on regardless of the dangers of
the frontier and gave to the nation an em
pire on the Pacific Coast. We thank you for
it and welcome you to our hearths and homes.
I have read criticisms of the Pioneers by
those who can only attract when they attack.
Such comment and criticism requires no an
swer. Xot only pluck and courage -was re
fluired in the days of the Pioneers, but knowl
edge as well. The pick of the young men of
the Eastern States came, and they gave us a
commonwealth ready made.
We in these piping times of peace can scarce
ly realize the dangers of the long trip across
the plains or the voyage around the Horn, or
the hardships of the mining camp^. We read
of them, but they were your actual experiences.
When you.? contemplate the great importance
that California has assumed, you must take
great satisfaction in her progress. Everything
that goes to make a State great Is combined In
epitome In California, your handiwork.
the builders should meet those who ar» to bt
the rulers. ,
More than fifty years ago 75,000 yonng man
came upon this soil, drawn here by the dis
rnvfry of gold. I am not called upon to apealc
In defense of the character of those men, but
I will !>ay that a more Intellectual and orderly
class of young men never blessed a country
by their advent.
Xow we find a new host In the land, a rreat
company of young men who have had the rood
fortune to have their nativity In California.
Power Is pa?* in it to the new generation; Indeed,
It has largely passed.
The celebration of the semi-centennial has
been a (Treat success. I hope that th« native
sons and daughters will round out the next
fifty years and be here to celebrate the cen
tennial of the State.
Associate Justice "Waiter Van Dyke also
rave an address in behalf of - the Pio
neers,
Miss Lulu Daniells of Alameda sang a
contralto solo. "Golden Harvest," by
Nolr, and responded to an enthusiastic^
encore with Xorrls' "There, Little Girl.
Don't Cry." Alfred TVllkle sang "Queen
of the Earth" and "The Sword of Bun
ker Hill." Miss Ella Graves was accom
panist for both Miss Danlells and Mr.
Wilkip. June Matthews gave a recitation
and Miss Josle Leszynsky sang a so
prano solo.
Refreshments were served and dancing
concluded the reception.
Grand Reception Given Yesterday
Afternoon to Piooeers Frony
All Over the State.
NOTABLE AUDIENCE
OF FORTY-NINERS
3
OMrETITO]
iHS.
' E - £ 5« 5 ? ?
I j- j_ _ g 3 r
1 1 1 Ii r 1 1
I- i : : ; ; i :
I..
I
o
B.
C
>rtl
J
art
M
h:
r.
Abbot Jr
[. La Boyte
Brown
ndwar«l*....
ninr>>am...
ilnpton Anf
Dutton
¦s I'au«*
:x...
Ji_P J_LLLLJ_iJ_
.. 44 43 46 46!179 «J75
.. M 56 U 61 211 2S;183
.. SX 49 45 53 204 S!1S«
.. 6J «r. 5&t 61 240 20;!! U
.. CR r.7 t»! K!r» 16i2I3
.. «3 59 59 «0'241 20J221
.. CS C3 C2 66J2SS SOjra
-I * .-.
Mf-OutchMi
Tila<-Vmftn..
:::::::::::::::
• »
rpturns.
OMrETITO]
iHS.
' E - £ 5« 5 ? ?
I j- j_ _ g 3 r
1 1 1 Ii r 1 1
I- i : : ; ; i :
I..
I
o
B.
C
>rtl
J
art
M
h:
r.
Abbot Jr
[. La Boyte
Brown
ndwar«l*....
ninr>>am...
ilnpton Anf
Dutton
¦s I'au«*
:x...
Ji_P J_LLLLJ_iJ_
.. 44 43 46 46!179 «J75
.. M 56 U 61 211 2S;183
.. SX 49 45 53 204 S!1S«
.. 6J «r. 5&t 61 240 20;!! U
.. CR r.7 t»! K!r» 16i2I3
.. «3 59 59 «0'241 20J221
.. CS C3 C2 66J2SS SOjra
-I * .-.
Mf-OutchMi
Tila<-Vmftn..
:::::::::::::::
• »
rpturns.
A J\ y V. ttTTH K M K N TH, ;
The one thing that quali-
fies a person to give ad-
v&?e' on any subject Is
experience — experience
creates knowledge*
No other person has so
wide an experience with
female Ills nor such a
record of success as
Mrs, Plnkham has hadm
Over a hundred thou-
sand cases come before
her each year* Some per-
sonally, others by matt*
And this has been going
cm for 2O years, day after
day and day after day.
¦%. Twenty years of coa~
stant success — think of
ihe knowledge thus
naSnedl Surely women
ore wise In seeking ad-
vice from a woman with
much an experience, es-
pecially when It is free*
If you are 111 get a bottle
of Lydla E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Oompound at
once—then write Mrs*
Plnkham, Lynn, Mass*WOULD REBUILD THE
CITY ON A NEW SITE
NEW TORK. Sept. 11.— Reports from
the neighborhood of Galveston to the
New York offices of the railroad compa
nies operating In Texas were graphically
descriptive of the ruin wrought by the
stcrm. The Southern Pacific Company
officials received a telegram to-day from
its representative at the scene stating:
"A conservative estimate places the loss
of life at about 1200.- We have lost about
fifty miles of track between Houston and
Qalveston and all railroad bridges over
the bay and all of the wharves and ele
vators at Galveston are gone."
. Railroad men In this city have been dis
cussing with great interest the possibility
that Galveston may be rebuilt on a differ
ent site. It was. rumored to-day that the
Southern Pacific Company would head a
movement to build the city on a spot forty
miles to the nouthwest of its present loca
tion, at the mouth of the Brazos ; River.
Representatives ; of I the " railway systems
which connected Galveston with the out
side world before' the. occurrence of the
present disaster ' say that her; residents
will build on the came sand Island in spite
of their, terrible experiences.
EXCURSION STEAMER
MAY HAVE FOUNDERED
Fears Entertained for the Safety of
Three Hundred and Seventy-
Five Passengers.
Speclnl Dispatch to Th? Call.
MILWAUKEE, ; Sept. 11.— Passenger
GALVESTON; Tex., Sept. 11, noon,
via tug to Houston.— The White
Cotton Screwmen'B organization
held a meeting last night, tender
ing their services, that of 500 able
bodied men, to the public commit
.tee to clear the streets of debris." B!g
forces were at work last night «Jid the
situation Is much Improved, so far as the
passage of vessels la concerned. The city
was patrolled last night by regular ~o\
diers and citizens. No on^ was allowed on
the streets without a pass. Several ne
groes were shot for not halting when or
dered. It is reported that three of tho
citizen soldiers were shot by negroes.
The steamer Lawrence arrived hero
early this morning from Houston with
water and provisions. A committee of
100 citizens were appointed, among them
being doctors and cooks. W. B. Van
Vleeck, local manager of the Southern
Pacific, arrived here this morning. He
thought it would be possible to establish
mail service from Houston to Texas City
to-nlght with transfer boats to Galveston.
Dead bodies have decomposed so badly
SOLDIERS AID
CITIZENS IN THE
STRICKEN CITY
leave New Tork by special train to-night.
HOUSTON, Tex., Sept. 11.— A citizens'
committee has been appointed to take ac
tion for the relief of the flood sufferers at
Galveston and other points where relief
Is needed.
STOCKTON, Sept. 11.— The local branch
'of the Red Cross Society held a meeting
this afternoon and directed the treasurer
to forward to the Louisiana headquarters
the pum of $100 to be used for the benefit
of the Galveston sufferers, Mrs. Fred M.
West, one of the energetic members will
urge some public gathering at which a
still larger amount may be realized.
GALVESTON. Tex., by Western
Union dispatch boat to Houston.
Tex., Sept. 10.— The terrific hurri
cane that produced such a dis
tressing disaster in Galveston and
all through Texas was predicted by the
United States . Weather Bureau to strike
Galveston Friday night and created
much apprehension, but the night passed
without the prediction being verified. The
conditions, however, were ominous, the
danger signal was displayed on the flag-
Rtaff of the weather bureau, shipping was
warned, etc. The southeastern sky was
somber, the gulf beat high on the beach
with that dismal, thunderous roar that
presaged trouble, while the air had that
stillness that betokens a storm. From
out the north in the middle watches of
the night the -wind began to come In spite
ful puffs, Increasing In volume as the day
dawned. By 10 o'clock Saturday morning
it was almost a gale: at noon it had In
creased in velocity and was driving the
rain, whipping the pools and tearing
things up in a lively manner, yet no seri
ous apprehension was felt by residents
remote from the encroachments of the
gulf. Residents near the beach were
aroused to the danger that threatened
their homes. Stupendous waves began to
send their waters far inland and the peo
ple began a hasty exit to secure places In
the city. Two
It is impossible to send them to sea for
burial. The water has receded so far,
however, that It is possible to dig
trenches, and bodies are being buried
where found. Debris covering bodies Is
being burned where it can be done safely.
Work on the water worl^? Is being
rushed and it Is hoped to be able to turn
a supply on soon.
The relief committee met at 9 o'clock
thl* morning. The city needs feed for
horses. It Is also badly In need of disin
fectants.
Brazoria County ha3 offered armed men
to piotect the city.
GRAPHIC PICTURE
OF HAVOC WROUGHT
BY THE HURRICANE
To Hear Carter's Plea.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 11.— The matter of a
writ of habeas corpus tov the release of
Captain Oberlln M. Carter from the peni
tentiary at Leavenworth, where h© Is
serving a sentence for defrauding the
Government, wllr come up before Judge
f'aldwell at St. Paul.
Special Plspatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL. Minn., Sept. 11.— It leaked
out to-night that Walter Jones, the
comedian, and Mrs. B. C. Pulslfer of Chi
cago were married in Minneapolis Mon
day. Jones is well known In San Fran
cisco, having played there recently, when
his love affairs were mentioned in con
nection with the name of Norma. Whallcy.
COMEDIAN WALTER JONES
WEDS MRS. B. C. PULSIFER
STORM SECURED
MANY VICTIMS
NEAR THE BEACH
On the train that carried the military
companies the city health officer sent ten
men and two wacnn? to Virginia Point to
help bury the dead. He sent several men
and a wagon to the same place for the
eame purpose yesterday.
Mayor Brnshear issued an order calling
out the military companies here, the light
puard. th<» cavalry and artillery'. They
left for Galves=ton on a special train on
the Galveston. Houston and Henderson
road at 1 o'clock this afternoon.
The rrliof train which went to Texas
City to-day has returned. The steamer
£id not m*'(t it and the supplies are still
In Texas City.
hard tinpe petting th^re. Lieutenant Fer
guson.- of General McKibben's staff, ar
rived this morninc from San Antonio. In
charge of two carloads of rations and
tents for the flood Btzfferen of the island
city. A tug was procured and the two
carloads of supplies, which left on ono of
the Direct Navigation Company's barges
at about noon, are expected to reach Gal-
VfPton te-night.
HOT'STON. Tex.. Sopt. 11.—Addi
tional details by tug from Gal
vpston phow that west of Thirty
third Ftreet the Ftnrm swept the
cround perfeotly clear of the res
ldenr«>s thsft once stood upon It and piled
them up five blocks back on the bpach,
strewing the piling with the debris and
bodies of victims. The fearful work of
the FTorm was not confined to the district
along the b*-arh. but took in all the city
district and th<* Denver resurvey, but it
was in the vicinity of the beach that the
most destruction to human life occurred.
The waves washed away the Home for
the HoitipIpfs and it is thought that thi_
inmates, thirteen orphans and three lady
matrons, were drowned. The Government
works were greatly damaged. In the
north part of the west rnd the damagt
was great also, almost every building be
lr.g damaged and many completely
wrr-cked. The cotton and lumber yards h\
that section of th<? city were destroyed
and much valuable machinery' Is ruined.
How*»ver. the loss of life was not so heavy
2a that district. At a local undertaking
rstahllFhrnrnt In Houston are resting the
remains of five Houston people who per
iFhed at Seabrooke in Saturday's hurri
cane. They are Mrs. C. H. Lucy, her two
rmall children. Haven Mrllhenny and the
5-year-old son of David Rice. The latter
was visiting: the family of Mrs. Mcllhenny
at the time of the disaster. All the bodies
• re so badly mangled as to make It dlf.
f.rult to idfiulfy them. They were washed
ashore rear Seabrooke.
The same train brought the body- of
Mrs. Vincent and her two children, who
were drowned at Morgans Point. Mr.
Mcllhenny was rescued alive and is com
pletely prostrated. He said the water
came up so rapidly that he and his fam
ily and Mrf. Lucy and her children sought
safety on the roof. He had his little son
RELIEF TO POUR
INTO TEXAS FROM
MANY SECTIONS
Thus, in a very brief space of time. Mr.
Mcllhenny witnessed the loss of his fam
ily one by one He held to his Fide of the
roof so distracted in mind as to care lit
tle where or how it drifted. He finally
landed on terra firma about 2 p. m. Sun
day.
Haven In his arms ar.d the other chil
dren were strapped together. It was not
long before a heavy piece of timber
Ftruck Haven, killing him. Young Tyco
was washed off the roof and drowned. Mrs.
Lucy's oldest child was next killed by a
piece of timber and the younger one was
drowned. Thon Mrs. Lucy was washed
off and drowned; thus leaving Mr. and
Mrs. Mcllhenny the only occupants on
the roof. Finally the roof blew off the
house and as it fell into the water it was
broken in twain. Mrs. Mcllhenny remain
ing on. o*ie-half and Mr. Mclhenny on the
other. The portion of the roof to which
Mrs. Mcllhenny clung turned over and
this was the last seen of her.
ST. CODIS, Sept. 11.— William Mayo,
grand recorder of the- Grand En
carrpm™t of Knights Templar of
the t'nlted States, by wire direc
tion from R. H. Lloyd of San
FrancUco, grand master, sent the follow
ing to-night to the grand commanders of
every State:
"The recent storm in Texas has left
numbers of our fraters In dire distress.
Immediate relief. Is needed. Appeal to
your commanderios to send at once what
they can. "Wire or s=end to Henry B. Stod
dard, deputy grand master, at Galveston,
Texas."
Mayor Zeigenhelm to-night sent a letter
to President Whitelaw of the Merchants*
Exchange, asking him to take action In
the name of that body for the relief of
the Texas storm and flood sufferers. The
Missouri. Kansas and Texas Railroad
Company announces that It will carry all
contributions for the relief of storm and
flood sufferers free of charge.
HOUSTON. Tex.. Sept. 11.— Messages
were cent from here to-day asking that
revenue cutters be ordered to Galveston
Bay to assist in transporting provisions
to the city. Telegrams were also sent to
New Orleans and Mobile asking for tugs.
It is quite probable that m the next day
or two free communication will be estab
lished.
DENVER, Colo.. Sept. 11.— The commit
tee of the Democratic State Convention
appointed to draft a resolution of Fum
pathy for the Galveston flood sufferers
made its report this afternoon, and then
a Cripple Creek man moved an addition
to It by providing that each of the £94 del
egates contribute $1 to the relief fund.
The resolution was adopted with a cheer
and silver dollars began pouring In upon
the chairman until he called for a com
mittee to take care of it. Many of the
spectators added their contributions and
more than $900 was raised In a short time.
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept. 11.— Governor
Stanley to-day Issued a proclamation call
ing upon the people of Kansas to aid the
Galveston storm sufferers. A balance of
$500 In the treasury for the Indian famine
committee relief fund will be forwarded
to Galveston at once.
NEW YORK. Sept. II.— Mayor Van
Wyck to-day Issued an appeal to the citi
zens of New York for 'help for the suffer^
ers of Galveston, starting the appeal with
a $500 subscription. Ten doctors and
twenty nurses from Bellevue. Hospital
volunteered to go to Galveston and help
care for the injured and sick. They will
GREWSOME WORK
AT GALVESTON
Continued From First Page.
CHICAGO, Sept. ll.-There was rejoic
ing to-day a^' Democratic headquarters
over the result cf the election in Maine.
Secretary Walsh and National Committee
man Johnson prepared a. set of figures
based upon their per cent gains In Maine,
upon which they claim the following
States for Bryan:" Maryland by majority
of $000; Indiana, 80,000; Michigan. 35.000;
Minnesota. 2000; Kentucky, 75.000; West
Virginia. 20,000: California. 45.000; Dela
ware, 2000; North Dakota, 2000; Illinois
S7.001.
The Democratic gain In Maine was 23
per cent," said National Oommitteeman
Johnson, "and the Republican loss was
12 per cent, based on the vote cast in
1S96. If similar results are obtained In
other States now chilmed by. the Republi
cans, Mr. Bryan cannot" fall of election.
The ratio, if rnalntained In New York
would not give us that State, but it would
cut down thp Republican majority to 153-
C00 from the majority of 2f.S.00O In 1SO«.
"The result is more than gratifying,
coming after the Republican slump In
Vermont. It shows that the Republicans
of Maine are dissatisfied."
William J. Bryan. w r ho remained In his
room at the Auditorium Hotel all day
preparing a number of speeches •which
he will begin Thursday at Fort Wayn»»,
Ind., declined to discuss the Maine elec
tion further than to say that the result
was.no more gratifying than h«» had ex
pected, and that similar Democratic gains
would follow all over the country In the
November election. Mr. Bryan will leave
for Fort Wayne to-morrow afternoon.
Senator Hanna. whose. time was occu
pied in Informal conferences with the
members of the National Advisory Com
mittee, declined to express an opinion, but
Vice Chairman Payne of the Republican
National Executive Committee, speaking
for him. said:
"The result In Maine haj» no bearing on
the national election and was in no sense
a disappointment to thf. Republicans. We
are -confident aa ever and our confidence
Is growing. I do not pretend to state the
caus» of the apparent Republican loss."
Among the speakers assigned was Colo
nel W. B. Shaw of Illinois to tour Oregon
and Washington.
Adolph B. Spreckela of San Francisco
¦was a caller at Republican headquarters
to-day. He assured Senator Hanna that
California would give the heaviest Repub
lican majority this fall ever known In a
presidential year. -
REPUBLICAN MAJORITY
IN CALIFORNIA ASSURED
steamer F and P M No. 4, with ."573 excur
sionists on board, left Holland, M'ch. at
2:30 Tuesday afternoon and should have
arrived here at 8 o'clock Tuesday night
She is not yet in port. It is feared she
foundered in the storm which is sweeping
the lake. The loss, if the vessel Is lost
will be the greatest lake distaster Flnce
the destruction of the Lady Elgin Sep
tember. 1S60, when 522 excurs!onlst9 from
this city lost their lives.
DENVER TRAIN
IS HELD UP
LOURENZO MARQUES. Sept. 12.
President Kruger arrived here to-day.
KRUGER LEAVES
THE TRANSVAAL
California Commandery, K. T.. of which
Frank W. Titus Is the commander, at its
meeting last night sent by telegraph the
sum of $100 to the fund in aid of the relief
of the sufferers by flood and in
Texas.
TEMPLAHS HELP THE FUND.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 11. — The destruction
of shipping at Galveston may reduce the
volume of early cotton deliveries, thus
affecting Lancashire. Reports from Lan
cashire to-day showed that 20.000 looms
had stopped and that 24,000 operators are
Idle.
LANCASHIRE LOOMS STOP.
LA CROSSE. Wis., Sept. 11.— A terrific
rainstorm raged here almost continuously
all day. A great volume of water has
fallen and the damage to crops and roads
will be much greater than that incurred
in the city. Trains on all roads were de
layed.
ST. PAIJT., Sept. 11.— The tail end of
the West Indian storm which devastated
Galveston struck this city last night and
to-day, making itself apparent In the heav
iest rainfall ever; recorded in the local
weather office. In sixteen hours ther6 was
a precipitation of 4.23 inches, most ,of
which fell between 11:30 last night and
7:30 this morning.' The rains' caused sev
eral bad washouts on the Great Northern
In the northern part of the State, one
at Cold Springs and others between -Deer
Springs and Shevilin. The first resulted
In carrying away a long bridge and a few
cars of a passing train, but the engine
passed before the bridge went out. .
TAIL-END OF WEST
INDIAN STORM IN NORTH
DENVER. Colo.. Sept. 12.— Burlington
train Xo. 1, known as the overland flyer,
was held up by a lone highwayman at
2 o'clock this (Wednesday) morning, five
miles east of Holghner, Neb., near th?
Colorado line. The robber secured «about
$500 in coin and probably twice that much
In diamonds and lockets. Then he ir.ade
his escape by bringing „ the train to a
stop. He went through the sleepers, but
did not molest the passengers. A reward
of $1(KX) is offered for his capture by the
railroad officials. Parties have started In
pursuit. - fi
LOCAL SUBSCRIPTIONS TO
THE GALVESTON FUND
AUSTIN. Tex.. Sept. 11.— The storm which brought such destruction of
property and caused j=uch loss of- life at Galveston also left death
and disaster In its wake over a strip' of Texas 300 miles wide and
ir.0 miles inland from the gulf. Reports from remote towns and
country districts which had been cut off from the outside world by
collapse of teloRTaph and telephone wires were received here to-day,
and they show that the Iops of life on the .mainland, exclusive of Gal
veston. will apRri-Kato fully 300 people, and that the property losses will ag
prrprato millions of dollars. Every house in Missouri City but two was
Mfiwn down. ar.<l the several hundred homel^p? people are destitute. Three!
people ivero kfllrrl at Bay City and many buildings destroyed. A large oil
mill at Whnrton was destroyed and several persons were injured. A num
ber of its bnUdlnsi were blown down. In 'Wharton county over fifty ne
crrors were killed. Ten negroes were killed on one plantation. Thousands of
acr«? of t=npar cane in this county was destroyed. Costly plantation build
irips and sugar refineries were wrecked. There is not a house standing in
the county, and the suffering amonpr the negroes is very great. The town
of Mataporda. nn the coast. Is s=till cut off from communication with the out
ride world. The worst Is feared, as it was In the brunt ot the storm.
Several convicts were Injured at the Clemens convict farm. All the farm
b'jildinps were wrecked. Several people were killed at Caney and Elliott
and much property destroyed. Fourteen nepro convicts employed on a plan
ta'I<->n in Mataporda county were killed. They had be<?n turned loose to
Fhlft for themselves when the storm was at its helpht and sought refuge
in a building which oollapsod and killed all of them. The towns of Quintana
and Surfside were badly wrecked, but no lives were lost. Over one-half of
the town of Wlasco. at the mouth of the Brazos River, was destroyed.
El-even people lost the^ir lives. At Camp Hatvley it 5s reported that over
ISO United States poldiers were drowned. This report has not been con
firmed. The total number of drowned and killed at Peabrook is fifty. Most
cf the bodies have been recovered. The town was destroyed. Five ppople
living on farms near Alvin were killed. The town and all farm buildings
of that section were destroyed. At Angleton pevrn people were killed
and the town partly wrecked. Six State penitentiary convicts were killed
at thf Sartiartia plantation, where they were employed. Every building on
this plantation was destroyed. Five casualties are reported from Texas
City. These are only a few of the casualties that occurred to the storm-
Kw»>pt district, the reports from the other places which are known to have
been destroyed not yet having reached here. There is great suffering among
many of these homeless people.
Q.ALVESTON, Tefc., Sept. 11.— The fol
lowing Is a partial list, revised, of
the knewn dead:
J. P. McKENNA, wife and two children.
P. J. McKEXNA and two children.
JAMES WARREN, wife and six children.
H. KAUFFMAN and one child.
A. RUNTER. mother and father.
T. r. RHAFS. wife and two children.
BURRESS. wife and sifter.
WILLIAM HUNTER and six children. ,
MRS. D. PARKER and two children.
8. WATK1NS and child. .
J. N. REAGAN.
MRS. WINCOTT.
DOTTO MORROW, wife and seven children.
FRITZ.
JOSEPH WELCH, wife and two children.
J. S. EVERETT and wife.
YEATS CHILD.
FRANK HUGHES.
C. nriiGER. wife and child.
JOSEPH FALKE and three children.
GEORGE CRAIG.
CHARLES CONNETT.
ROBERT JONES.
MRS. E. V. KLINE.
MRS. L. L. HOLBECK.
LILLIE TEOUE. ESTHER and LAURA
MAY. children of Mrs. Lillie Tegue.
W. L. BERGER. wife and child.
MRS. T. A. LORENCE.
MISS ETHEL PARKER. • V •
POLICEMAN CHARLES WOLFE and wife.
P.. BROCKELMAN, three children of J. T.
brockelman.
A. fl. JOHNSON (screwman), wife and three
cHldren.
O. UDELLE, weft or the city island.
MRS. P. ALMERfv
MRS. W. RAT1SSA and three children.
MRS. VOX DEN BAXDEX and two children.
MRS. A. C. BELL.
OtTV BELL.
MRS. and MR. RAYMOND and two children.
MRS. MARY QU1XX and child.
MRS. A. W. WARXKE and five children.
WILLIAM CONNETT.
MRS. WILLIAM CONNETT and two chll-
MRS. FRED ZEIOLER.
C. C. CHARLES CORNETT and wife.
MISS ELIZA EDWARDS.
MRS. HENRY VOGEL and three children.
MRS. SHILKE. son and Infant.
L. J. YOUNGBLOOD. wife and child.
AUGUST W. RICHARD and JOHANNA
HIKKE.
SUMPTRY FABEY.
MARTIN HARRAH.
MARTIN HERMAN and two children.
C. P. PIX.
MRS. HECK and non.
WILLIAM EGGEPETT and son Charles.
A. MCTTIE. killed In rescue work.
ADOLPH WARMARVOSKY. mother and sis
ter, reported mlesinK up to Monday night.
MRS. JOHN GROTHCAR and child.
CHARLES Bl'SCH. wife and thre« children.
H. KACFFMAN. wife and children.
MR. AND MRS. A. POPLAR and four chil
dren.
MISS MAY OPPERMAN of Palestine, and
MARGARET AND GUSSIE OPPERMAN.
MRS. H. LUCAS, two children and white
nurse.
WILLIE AND CECELIA PAULS.
PETER S. STOCKFELT. wlfo and six chil
dren, near Hicks' Oyster Restaurant.
OEORGE SCHOMBEL. wife and daiiRhter.
JOSEPH K. KRAUSS, wife and daughters.
FRED KRAUSS.
J. M. OTTER.
J. GACTETTERS.
DITCOS and two children.
MRS. MATTIE OLSEN and two children.
MUNSON KELSO JR.
ROY KELSO. baby boy of J. C.
MRS. ROANE and three children.
MRS. BIRD, wife of Police Officer Joseph
Bird, and five children.
MRS. D. ARMSTRONG and four children.
SAM TOVECA. policeman, wife and four
children.
MRS. SWANSON.
WIFE OF POLICEMAN MARTIN.
WILLIAM RICE of Galveston News.
MRS. WINDMAN.
MISS IRENE HESS.
CHARLES L. SHERWOOD, wiXo and t-aro
children.
THOMAS SHERWOOD, wife and three chil
dren.
MRP. ANNA MARIE ANNUDSEN. mother
of Deputy Chief of Police Gus Annudsen.
LOl'IS' ANNUI1REX.
WALTER FISHER and three children.
MR. and MRS. ANDERSON and family,
down the iFland.
WAITE <son-tn-law of Anderson) and family,
down tt--f island. '
FREI> KOEPLER and family.
POLAND LOUIS, carrier News.
COIiSOX MILES.
MRS. J. H. KIRBY and three children.
MRS. SMITH and two chhlldren, near county
bridee.
MR and MRS. J. 3. KRAU8.
CHARLES KAMPZ.
WILLIAM BURGE. wife and child.
MRS. \V. H. MITCHELL and child.
EDWARD WETHSER and family.
M. DILZ and two children.
OEORGE PLTTZ Sr.
MR. WALDEX.
GEORGE DORIEN and wife.
,O. M. MALERS, wife and child.
MRS. VILLENEVE and child of Hitchcock.
WALKER JONES, wife and two children.
MR. WEBBER, whole family missing.
K. T. CHILDS (contractor).
MILLER and family (partner of Childs).
GEORGE CLEVELAND and family.
WORKS MAREE. with James Faacher.
MRS. T. P. FARMER.
ROBERT FAUCETT,
MRS. JONES and two children.
XEILL and family, down the island.
MRS. NOLAN.
JOHN MONGAN.
F. SOMMERS, wife and three daughters and
his son Jopeiih. wife and child.
H. KLEINKCKE and wife.
K. DAKLEY.
THOMAS FOX.
JOSEPH TARPET.
JOSEPH CAKIGAN. ¦
MR. ANDREW and three children.
MRS. ELLIS and family.
MRS. SIPP and daughter.
MRS. STEIGEL and family.
PETER HOMBURG.
JOHN ENGLISH, wife and child.
JUDGE WEGGES Justice of the Peac*> and
wife.
CHARLES JAXEMAN'N, wife and daughter.
MRS. JOHN FATCETT.
MRP. EDMUNDSEN.
MR. and MRS. J. F. BODEN.
TRESS MOODY.
MRS. BALIEMAX.
PAUL DELAYA and two daughters.
A. MATIN. .
MRS. FRANK WILLIAMS.
MRS. J. Li. DEVEREDGE and children.
MRS. DAVIS and daughter Grace.
P. LEOXOE. wife and children.
W. T. SCHERWOOD.
8. CARZBACK, four-year-old child of Theo
dore.
Mr. Davis, whom a reporter met on
Avenue P l A and Thirty-fifth street, where
he was trying to find the body of his wife,
eald that there were fifty-two peopU- in
the place, including the families of Hatch,
Risby, North, Roberts and others, when
the building collapsed.
GAL.VESTON. Sept. 12.— The following
additional list of victims of the flood have
been identified:
MRS. MARY BURNETT.
MRS. T. FORAKER.
MISS JENNIE TOOTHAKER.
WILLIAM MILLER, wlfo, son-in-law,
daughter and five children.
LUCIA MINER.
H. B. EIDEMAN.
CHARLES DARBY.
MRS. FLOR1IR.
JACOB SMITH.
CHARLES TILLEBACH, wife, mother
in-law and two children.
MRS. LEON RATTIZAU and four chil
dren.
MRS. SAM DOWELL and two children.
MR. and MRS. STAW1XSKI.
MRS. M. L. PARK.
MISS ALICE PARK.
MRS. W. D. THOMSON and two chil-
TjR. JOHN B. SAYERS.
TOM SAYERS.
ROBERTS, watchman G. and H. Rail
road.
MRS. PETERS.
MRS. HENRY DELCIE and child.
MRS. JOHN A. HAYMAN and five chil
dren.
SAM TOVEY. wife and child.
MRS. SHILKE. son and Infant.
MRS. WILLIAM H. McMANUS.
MISS LUCY PARK.
J. H. EVERHARDT, wife and daughter.
E. S. SIFTON and two daughters.
MRS. GARY BURNETT and two chil
dren.
MRS. HOCK and son.
PETER STOCK FLETCH, wife and six
children.
OEOHGE SCHWOTSEL, wife and
daughter Lula.
JOSEPH.
I. KRAUSSE. wife and two daughters.
MRS. MATILDA OLSON and two chil
dren. •• » A *!
MINSON O. KELSO JR. ,
ROY KELSO. baby.
EDWARD WEBSTER SR.
MRS. JULIA WEBSTER.
MRS. SARAH WEBSTER.
GEORGE and JOE WEBSTER.
T. C. TORR, wife and five children.
GHOULS ROB THE
BODIES OF THE DEAD
Most Atrocious Acts Committed toy
a Band of Oranken Negroes asid
Some WMtesoif tihe Lower Strata,
DALLAS, Sept. 11.— A horrible story is told by Dallas citizens who returned
to-night from Galveston. They declare that negroes and many white per
sons are hourly committing the most atrocious acts of vandalism. J. N.
Grlswold. division freight, agent of the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe. who
was In that city during the storm and had a narrow escape from death,
said:
"Ears and flnpers bearing diamonds wore hacked off with pocketknlves and
the members placed in the pockets of the vandals. The bodies of women who
wore fine clothes were stripped of their last thread and left to fester in the sun.
The residences left standing" have been broken Into and jewelry and silver-plate
stolen. I saw a negro woman carrying a large basket of silverware that was
not hers.
"At Texas City I saw an old man considerably under the influence of liquor.
From his pocket protruded a roll of bills as big as my arm, which he claimed to
have found. Upon all sides this horrible work is going on. The offenders are
generally negroes, although there are some white men who have demonstrated
that they are sufficiently devoid of honesty and manhood to participate in those
ghoulish deeds. As soon as the storm subsided the negroes stole all the liquor
they could get. and. beastly drunk, proceeded with their campaign of vandalism.
Troops are needed at once. If they are not sent without delay, God help the sur
vivors in Galveston." -
This is confirmed by a dozen men of the highest standing here.
Outside of Galveston the Hurricane
Swept Over a Large Strip of
Texas, Wrecking Many Towns
and Plantations and Causing at
Least Three Hundred Deatlhs,
THREE HUNDRED LIVES
LOST ON THE MAINLAND
REVISED LIST OF
DEAD AT GALVESTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1900.
• ¦. — : ¦ . i
Flying ¦ flsh will cover aa much as 150
yards at a single flight [
4
. The following subscriptions to the Galveston fund have been received
by Mayor I'helan:
M. H. Hecht .... $50 Buckingham & Hecht . 50
W. H. Martin & Co. .20 Edward B. Taylor . . 1O
J. D. Phelan . . . 10O Thomas H. Williams Jr. 100
THE STANDARD FOR CHAMPAGNE QUALITY IS
P0 M M E RY alflilpa C R E N 0
THE WORLD OVER.
JOHN CAFFREY - - - Pacific Coast Representative-
~ APVERTIBEMBHTS. \
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN—ESTABLISHED 1881
/j^^i^t^Sti^^^^^y^S^r^^^tji only In their earlier stapes,
jiiS5§SS»J^, . "^^xff* Every member of our staff
¦ .ffi?ng^vi has bad rnnny years* exp*»-
' \ V wSd'' l^^"^^"^ o* the cause of their trouble!
PnnoiiltaiiAn Crnn Our r «p u i ation >? best we
Lllll Kill 111 I nHH.^ re P°P u!ar because cure our pa-
jlMU 1 1 U U I II U 1 1 U II I 1 1 U U " tients quickly and permanently.
Any one doubting our ability and wishing to test our methods, rem-
edies and appliances may deposit the price of a cure in any bank in San
Francisco. If a cure is not effected in a reasonable time the bank
will return the money. Payments may be made in monthly installments
it preferred. Prices reasonable, alike to rich or poor. -
731 Market Street elevator ¦iS5£L5 l l sr
. SAN FRANCISCO. ENTRANCE sundays-9 to II
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§ SPECIAL SALE
of FUR and
Sealskin Garments
Latest varieties o!
Fur Neckwear,
Muffs, Hats, etc,
Repairing, Cyeing
and Dressing at
FURRIER,
121 Post St>,
Rooms ? to II.
Over O'Connor, Moffatt & Co/s.
Don't Mistake the Number.
jK*Jj& fts&K ft ft &?>! j
Vtbc [perfection of/
I BDTTLEEUf THE DjiflLLERY
\ PURE-Ag%fc»HD.E55HS .
Used in Me Medico/ Departments of the
U.S. ARMY £ NAVY Service
William Wolff s, co.
'San Francisco. distributors. '
Sewart Of/mifot/on3 Of rtji//*d Boft/e3
i m
I YOUNG MEN! s£y
You don't need go around^r ?^V^V^ f
\ with dark rlnc* urMer/^ S
i jroar eyes, no enenry^^r ¦ S
r.n war about >" u ,/^ X*!sV XYcu
If you suffer f A \^ ,/Van be
from Nerve X fV^V ,/^ulekly
j Waste or S lW\3 ./cured of
i Lost S S* " n » t ural
' Vlicor w X weakness am;
1,^. » all troubles which
•v/^ /t:n?t ron r. raarrj
/ / hv consulting u.s.
,/^^^^^T ./Thousands of men
* cured at home. Call or
Sk&f*X D R- c °0 pER & CO.,
X31S KEARNT ST.. S. F., Cal.
2vidiT DR. JORDAN'S orcatJ
Shuseum of anatomy^
i (J Ua XASZXT ST. tei. fti *7tt, 11". fct A
T Mr Th« Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A j'tTfl-. _ Wortd Wefckneuw ot any contracted g
£ 'fiSsSJ disene p*«4«l»*ly euxxt by thf otueit V
A R&0X OR.J1WDAH-FRIYATE DISEASES 4
\ fftfiifi&a CooTOlration freo and strictly prlrate
A I liw^H TmtuiMt personal:? «ir by letter. A <
V * 3 ]T !i.ti(kuci>,' MAiuu run. j*a '
i R II ' ?aluabls boolc fcr m«n)
7 DB. JOBOAN A CO.. I0S1 Market St.a P. < '
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for ME* 4
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by th« leaders of th*
Mormon Church and tbeir fol-
lowers. Positively cures th»
worst cases la old and yourg
arlslrs from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses op
eisarette-smoklnff. Cures Lnat
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power, Nlg-ht Lcsses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back, Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, y Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops ne *3 KM rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects r e Immediate.
Impart vigor and ceniTSj potency to «very
function. Don't set despondent; a cure Is at
band. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; SOo a
box; 6 for 12 SO by mail. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with S boxes. Circulars
free. Address BI3HOP REMET>Y CO.. 40 Ellis
st.. Ban Francisco. CaL. GRANT DRUO CO..
t» <nd 40 Third St.
4(B%S^ Ban Francisco, Aug. 28, 1900.
sT^tO To "^h 011 * I- May Concern:
I This 1b to certify that I hav«
•bCt 3 been Buffering for several years
f7 ' 9 past from disordered stomach.
lp» .X liver and kidneys. In addition.
l t*eam* almost totally blind.
**f8tf&<j.\+ I w *s under the care ot tha
%5XCS?'^lv* most eminent oculists in thla
*W*VS3MM\' ctty for about three years. I
was not benefited In the least by their treat-
ment. I have been under the treatment of Dr.
Wong Woo, 764-66 Clay street, for the past s'.x
weeks, and though I am now 74 years of ase mv
sight has been restored through hla treatment
of the stomach, and I feel as well as at any
tlma during tha past ten years.
JOS. E. "WATKTNS,
533 Third street. S. F.. Cal.
I DR.PIERCE'S. '
GOLDEN
MEDICAL g
DISCOVERY
FOR THE .
j BLOOD, LIVER. LUNGS;
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. XXVIGORA-
¦tor aad Nervine.
The most wonderful sphrodlslao and 9p-ctal
Tonlo for the Sexual Organs fcr both ¦•*«*.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
SABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Agent*.
* xa Market St.. S. P.— (Send for Circular. >
fBi CNICHEVTKR'8 ENGLISH
Pennyroyal, pjias
H «/£**v OrlaJaal nn<l Only Craulaa.)
C it\ G&a fcr CH ICHESTEK'S KNGLLSH
£*4>3'W&S\ 1» Ki:i> in.! told m-i.lllo botw tnied
Take no other. Rcfu**
T»1 *^ fcVJ I>a««oro«* "nbatltution* inj Iralta-
\" I "" flrtau. Buy »f yo»r Dnmlit. or tvaA 4e. la
*»' Jf tump* for rartlealar*. Testimonial*
IV. f? *ad "Relief for Ladle*." «><«:«r,b*r<w
v L' tun Mall. lft,P<M»T-«ti:non-.i:<. S .: t ? ,
Mention tai. p.Mr. U.4!x>. i,,. n , l*(i:t.A.. l'U
KEW WESTER* HOTEL.
KEARXT AND WASHINGTON STS.— Rt.
modeled and renovated. KINO. W.vP.n W.
CO. European plan. Rooms. oOc to Si 50 day;
$5 to $3 week; \i to f3> month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; ftre grates la every
room: elevator runs all night.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Yea?President Mitchell Will Dsclare a
Strike if a Conference Is
Refused.
CHICAGO. Sept. 11.— "I will leave for
Indianapolis to-morrow night, and If upon
my arrival there Thursday morning I fail
to hear anything from the cperators in
New York indicative of their willingness
to meet us In conference 1 shall immedi
ately order a strike."
These were the words of John Mitchell,
president of the United Mine Workers of
America, to-night. "It is with the great
est reluctance that I take this step," con
tinued Mr. Mitchell, "but nothing else
remains for us to do. It is possible that
the operators will at the last moment
agree to arbitrate our difficulties, but I
must say the prospect is not encourag
ing»" • ~~~:*~i i'~ ;:
Rsv. Mr. Gunsaulus Resigns.
. CHICAGO. Sept. 11.— Rev. Frank Gun
saulus has resigned as president of the
Armour Institute. The resignation .was
handed to the directors of the institute
yesterflav and was accepted.
ULTIMATUM ISSUED TO
THE MINE OPERATORS
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 11.— The trou
bles of the Siberian yold mining expedi
tion, under the command • of George D.
Roberts, that left San Francisco on the
Samoa in June, and which ended disas
trously to the promoters, will in all like
lihood be transferred :o Uncle Sam's care.
. The Call .this morning '. published the
story of the Samoa's troubles. Further
details of the affair have been received
from Nome. The vessel was placed hi
charge'of American soldiers and the sen
sational situation was | Investigated by
Colonel Evans and Lieutenant Jarvis of
the Treasury Department. As a result of
this investigation tho Cossacks -will' be
sent back to Russia, while the Americans
will return j to San j Francisco .In the Sa
moa. ' The affair will bo reported to the
authorities at ' Washington and corre
spondence probably opened, with the Rus
sian Government to ascertain what Rus
sia's future position will be in regard to
American concessionists*.
-Last winter George D. Roberts, a for
mer California mining man, visited the
large European cities, interesting French
and English capital to prospect the coast
of Siberia. Pooling issues with a Russian
syndicate, represented by Colonel Woular
larsky, a concession was secured from thp
Russian Government of 10.000 miles of
coast. The steamer Samoa was purchased
and the expedition outfitted in San Fran
cisco, among those composing It were
Roberts, the organizer: Mr. Dadoune
ditch. a civil engineer representing Woul
arlarsky; John A., White, a London capi
talist, and a corps of mining experts. The
Americans aboard numbered eight.
The Samoa, Captain Johnson, left San
• Special Dispatch to The Call,
Francisco June 8, arriving at Nome July
5'u A J^ T -, a few days the vessel sailed for
the Siberian coast. Two weeks later she
was again at Nome, and there was talk of
dissensions between Roberts and Da
douneditch. The rumors, however could
not be authenticated and the Samoa again
put to sea. She returned to Nome for
tho third time on August 21.
It is learned that when the Samoa was
off the coast of Siberia the Russian trans
port Yakout was sighted and hailed and
at the instance of Dadouneditch thirty
Russians were transferred from tho
transport to the Samoa. Dadounedttch
said the Russians were laborers, but as
soon a3 they were aboard he volunteered
the information that he had now thlrtv
armed Cossacks' at his back and proposed
to depose Roberts as head of the-expedi
tion. He also disclosed the lact that not
only was ho the representative of the
Russian syndicate but also an agent of
the Russian Government and that the
Cossacks aboard were soldiers.
Then It-was that the Americans learned
that the Russians proposed to control the
Samoa and dispose of the Americans
After consultation the Americans deter
mined to meet forco with force. As long
as the vessel was in Russian waters they
were helpless, and Captain Johnson was
compelled to make a show of obeying
Dadounedltch's orders. The Americans
armed themselves that night, and while
a majority of the Russians were asleep
posted themselves in positions of advan
tage. Two armed men were placed on
the bridge, one at the bow, another at the
stern and others took their stand at such
places as offered good opportunity - for
effective shooting. The Samoa was then
headed for American waters.
•When Dadouneditch learned that he had
been outwitted he -was furious, but by
that time the vessel was beyond Russian
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
SEATTLE, Sept. li.— There Is a great
stampede on from Nome to Port Clar
ence and" the Blue Stone country. Sev
eral sales have been consummated on
the strength of reports. Oscar Ashby has
offered $10,000 to Richard Stacey for a half
Interest In- No. 12, above, on Gold Run.
F. P. Carey sold the Jasper claim on
Gold Run for 110.000 to J. F. Lackie. The
latter, with Tom Qulnton. also bonded
four other claims. * Among other well
known people Interested are Dr. S. J. Call
and Captain D.' H. Jarvis. of the United
States Revenue Cutter service.
It is claimed that a handful or dirt
picked up by James Jacoby on No. 7.
Gold Run. ran 43 cents, and that on that
same claim $129 was taken out of a hole
two feet square and three and one-half
feet deep.
There is another side to the story, how
ever, and "litigation" cuts a conspicuous
figure. In the Gold Run litigation a situ
ation promises to develop that for unique
interest: will put the enmeshed creeks
of Nome district in the shade. A sensa-
Change the Name of a Creek in the
Blue Stone District.
TRICKS OF CLAIM- JUMPERS.
above Discovery, and Mo. 1 below on Anvil.
No. 8 on Dexter, and Xo*. 2 and 5, above
Discovery, on Dexter.
Nos. 3, 4 and 5. above Discovery, on Rock
Creek.
Nos. ? and «. above Discovery, on Dry Creek.
Nos. 1, 3 and 5, above Discovery, on Snow
Gulch.
No. 5 on Cooper Gulch.
No. 1, above Discovery, on Glazier Creek.
No. 2 on Bowlder Creek.
Nos. 5 and 6 on Little Creek.
No. 1. above Discovery, on Panders Creek.
No. I, above Discovery, on Mountain Creek.
No. 2 on Hastings Creek.
No. 1 on Twin Mountain Creek.
No. 4 on Blurt Creek.
No. 1 on BlufT Gulch.
No. 1 on 'Penny River.
No. 2 on Quarts Creek.
No. 3 on Rodney Creek.
No. 2 on Polk Gulch.
No. 3 on Gordon Creek.
The Lindblom claim on Lindblom Creek.
The No. 1 Lindblom claim on Newton Gulch.
The Lindblom claim on Mountain Creek.
The Mountain, claims on Arctic Creek.
A claim on Bowheatl Creek.
As several of these claims are already In
litigation, the situation is - entangled al
most beyond unraveling by the new suit.
sented for Burned Property Dur
ing Plague Scare in Honolulu.
WASHINGTON, Sept. ll.-Clalms ag
gregating $2,500,000 or more have arisen
in connection with the efforts made prin
cipally in Hawaii to prevent the bubenic
plague from securing a foothold In this
country and Its outlying possessions by
burning down a considerable part of tha
Japanese and Chines© quarters, where It
was thought the disease might find lodg
ing.
Two Japanese residents are said to have
lost their lives, furniture and practically
all belongings. The loss is estimated at
$300,000. The Chinese loss was estimated
at about $2,000,000. The Japanese Consul
General at Hawaii first brought the mat
ter to the attention of the Hawaiian au
thorities, asking that the losses incurred
by Japanese subjects be reimbursed to
ttiem. President AIcKinley gave the neces
sary authority to Governor Dole to ap
point a commission of five members to
pass upon all claims of this nature, but
on objection ¦ of the claimants this fell
through. The authorities here feel that
It Is a matter which Hawaii should ad
just, and moreover there Is no fund avail
able for stich losses. The subject Is un
der consideration, however, and It Is
hoped wine means may be adopted by co
operation of Washington and Honolulu
for adjusting the matter.
Arrested for Hurder.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 11.— John Morgan, the
college graduate who Is wanted In Mem
phis for murder, was arrested here to-day
at the request of the police of that city.
He confessed to having killed Otto Hanks
In Memphis. September 1. and will be
taken to that city for trial. He pleads
self-defense.
Claims Aggregating $2,500,000 Pra-
JAPANESE AND CHINESE
• ASK HEAVY DAMAGES
More Entanglements of Claims in the
Nome District.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Wash., Sept. 11.— A, Nome
letter dated August 26 states that another
action was begun August 23 in the Dist
rict Court there involving most of the de
veloped properties In the district.^
The suit is entered by H. I* Blake.
Christopher Klmber and F. L. Porter,
plaintiffs, vs. J. L. Hagelin. John Bovnte
son,-N. O. Holtberg and E. O. L.indblom,
defendants. The plaintiffs claim a one
sixteenth interest in all holding? of de
fendants, on the score that they were
partners. The complaint recites:
That Blako, Klmber and Porter, and Hage
lla. HoKbersr and Bovnteson entered into a
prospectors' partnership at Chtnlk. Golovin
Bay, July 15, 1838. Subsequently the partners
came to ] Nome and discovered gold, but owlnjr
to the lateness of , the season and scarcity of
provisions, returned to Chlnlk without stak
ing. They agreed, it is alleged, not to divulge
the secret of their discoveries until they could
return ; and .stake. Haj?elin. Holtberg: and
Bovnteson, it is claimed, in spito of this agree
ment; imparted the secret to E. O. Lindblom
and Jafet Lindeberg.' who returned to Nome in
company with Bovnteson and Hagelin and
staked valuable properties. .
The claims affected by the case are de
scribed as follows:
Discovery, claim on Anvil. Xos. 1/ 3. 5 and 8
Jurisdiction and Captain Johnson, backed
by the resolute Americans, asserted his
full authority as commander of the
steamer, and headed for Cape Nome,
where on arrival he turned the Russians
over to the American soldiers.
MINERS ENMESHED IN LAW.
Further Details Show That a Russian Transport Put the Cossacks Aboard
the Vessel, but the Americans Outwitted Them.
UNCLE SAM WILL CALL ON THE CZAR
TO SETTLE SAMOA EXPEDITION TROUBLE
tional report 13 given credence that Gold
Run Is not the real name of the creek.
but that It has been named until the dis
coveries of a few weeks ago "Matilda
creek." the change of title having been
made to enable jumpers to take posses
sion of claims located some time before,
but never believed to have contained gold.
and that In some manner bad characters
discovered that he was carrying money
on his person and followed him for the
purpose of robbery; that he made resist
ance and was killed.
Mahony was engaged In the drayage
business with his brother, his father hav
ing retired. He hauled goods principally
for H. Lev! & Co. He was 27 years old
at the time of his death and was born
in this city. He leaves a wife. His father
is Daniel J. Mahony. a well known resi
dent of this city. He was a brother of
Mrs. L. H. Barrlck'n. Mollie F., Josie, Jo
seph H. and Rita Mahony.
No Clew to Baby Murderer.
LOS AXGELES. Sept. 11.— The police
are puzzled in their endeavors to ferret
out the mystery of the murdered babe,
whose body was found yestejday. There
are no new development* find the case
will probably go down as a companion
mystery to the I-ong Beach baby murder
of a few weeks ago. which has baffled the
officers.
EpeclaJ Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTOK. Sept. 11.— Mystery en
velop? the taking off by violence of J.
"tt\ M&horsy, the San Francisco young
tnan. whose lifeless body was found near
Tracy yesterday.
"Murder." say the officers of the law.
"with robbery the motive behind the
crime."
"Accident." say some theorists, whose
conclusions, however, are not borne out
by the fact?.
"P^evtr.ge," fay others, merely in sur
mise.
"Who killed Mahony?
Vv'hat were the motives?
These are the questions that the Sheriff
of San Joaquin and his deputies are try
ir.pr to unravel.
Here are the facts In the case: The body
cf a man. who had been about 30 years
of age. was found yesterday morning by
« roadside near Tracy. The remains were
peventy-five feet from the railroad
tracks, that are fenced off from the road.
The dead man lay face downward, the
Etirfened fingers, claw-like, clutching the
eod, the limbs distorted. The pose was
That of a man who had suffered Intense
death aeony. When the Coroner's men
turned the body over they perceived that
there was a deep and lacerated wound on
the right temple. When they, later, fur
ther examined the dead, they found that
the man's neck and also his collar bone
had been broken. The dead man's wrists
w re bruised, as though a rope had been
wound about them. Near the body a
deputy sheriff found a linen collar.
cn;inp'€-d and torn, as though it had been
vrenched from the wearer's neck. The
collar had not belonped to the dead man.
for the shirt en the body was a soft gar
ment, with collar attached. The dead
man's coat was found on the railroad
track, about 1CK) feet from where the body
lay. About the spot where the body was
found the earth bore the fresh imprints
of a horse's hoofs and of wheels, the lat
ter evidently those of a cart.
With these slender clews the Sheriff and
hii= men began the unraveling of the mys
tery.
To-day the identity of the dead man
was fully established by II. F. Maas, a.
San Francifco undertaker, who Is a
brother-in-law to the late Mahony. Maas
was rather reticent. He stated to the
Bberlff, however, so far as is known, that
Mahony left San Francisco on Friday
last on "a business trip to the Interior, tak
ing with him $120. Mahony. said Maas.
sometimes bought horses in the country,
and usuaily went prepared to make a pur
chase in case he saw an animal that suit
ed him.
Now as to the four theories concerning
Mahony'f death.
First, there are those who believe that
Mahony may have purchased a high
fpirited horse and started to drive across
to Livermore; that he had wrapped the
reins about his wrist to hold in the horse:
that he was thrown from the cart on
which he was riding: that he fell In such
a manner as to break his collarbone and
reck, and that the marks on the wrist
that look as though they had been caused
by a rope were made when the animal
tugged on the lints.
But no one can be found who sold a,
horse to Mahony in the last few days; no
ono can be found who saw him driving on
the road. And the theory does not ac
cour.t for the finding of Mahony's coat
cs the track 103 feet from where his body
Ujr* nor for the fact that only fourteen
cents was found in the dead man's pock
ets, and no receipts for money paid out.
The second theory, which seems to have
r.o basil in fact so far. Is that Mahony
had a quarrel with some one and war,
dr-r^i off into the country; that he was
follcw«-<i and plain. These theorists in
cline to the revenge motive, and hint
darkly at a San Francisco complication
that msy yet be- unraveled.
Th*> third theory is that of accident or
robbery <->n the train. Those holding to
that beUef ?ay that he might- have fallen
from th<? train, or that some one robbed
him on the train and threw him off.
The Sheriffs office disposes of this the
ory by pointing out that a man with a
broken neck could not walk seventy-five
feet and climb a fence before he died.
The fourth theory Is that of the Sheriff
and his deputies?. It is that of murder.
with robbery as the motive. They be
lieve that Mahony was lured to the
place where he was found, the murderer
or murderers knowing that he was pos
sessed of money: that when attempt at
robbery was made Mahony resisted;
that he was then struck with some heavy,
blunt instrument; that when he had
fallen his pocket3 were rifled; that his
coat was taken to the spot where found,
and, after the pockets had been searched,
thrown on the railway track.
The Sheriff's theory sc-ems the most
plausible, judging from the fact*.
The Sheriff Is proceeding In line with
his belief, and one of his deputies is now
at the scene of the crime. A resident In
that vicinity has been found who saw Ma
hony, or a man closely resembling him.
In the company of a stranger on Sunday.
No one has been found who saw Mahony
Jr. Stockton recently.
It is also said that the Sheriff's office
has obtained some evidence that Is being
withheld at present.
It may be that the torn collar will fur
nish the clew that will lead to the discov
erv of the murderer, even as the laundry
mark on one of Black Bart's handker
chirfs ended the road agent career of that
notorious highwayman.
BELIEVE IT IS MUBDEE,
Relatives of the Dead Drayman Ad-
here to That Theory.
The s'.ners of James W. Mahony, the
young San Franciscan whose body was
found on the road near Tracy, Cal., be-
I'evc and assert as their opinion that their
brother was the victim of a thug. They
are unable to give any reason for this
opinion other than the fact that the ap
pearance of the body indicates he was
killed for whatever money he had on his
person. Mahony's body was brought to
this city last night and now reposes In
the undertaking establishment of H. F.
Maass. S17 Mission -street. The remains
will lie- interred in a few days and the
funeral will be strictly private.
The umlmcly.dcath of Mahony has been
a terrible shock to his young: wife and his
family. According: to his sisters he left
for hi? office Friday morning In the best
of spirits. On leaving his residence on
Third street he called on his parents, who
reside at 3C2 Urannan street, and during
his conversation with his brother and
sisters gave no indication that he was
p>>irig out of town or that he was de
spondent. It i? their theory that on ar
riving at his office deceased found impor
tant business awaiting him which neces
sitated his leaving town immediately, and
that he was unable to notify his. wife and
did not think it necessary to "apprise her
of his departure, a* he expected to return
the following day; that while In Stockton
he collected money due him for drayace.
Sheriff of San Joaqnin, Diligently
Endeavoring to Solve the Prob
lem, Believes Eobbers
Are the Slayers.
Advancement of Savera! Theories to
Account for His Violent
Taking Off.
TOE.N COLLAR AS A CLEW
Did Thugs Murder the San
Franciscan or Is It an
Enemy's Deed?
MYSTERY
I N DEATH OF
MAHONY
THE 'SAN ETtAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. 1900.
5
__ -^^ ______ _ . n ADVERTISEMENTS. . ¦
iPfiiiiiiftii? Scale as Only the Frisco 'iK^^mP^^W^-^
| /MSwSMl I * « W\ e have filled our big corner window with some, [II j iB^^S' J [^{Mn \ffl \
/^^^S^7 1 1 '//'% of our newest and smartest Fall Productions in both faBBBu^ Mr linn* \w * \
/SSMm/ H I fwl-'mk Suits and Overcoats. Every garment bears the /fillliPqs (JftU'H \% <^J >" : ) \
IWmm 1 ; lww\ handiwork, the fine finesse of yast masters in the art /EPP§Si! if '"j* i% H^'j$l I
i -^^/ | WWiA of tailoring and building clothes. /Hg^p^g | | ( W^n|^ : '^V^
I Mi ; iw^wA All the new shades are assembled in our window, I ! V ' W'y^^^^^>\
/ A ¦ -m-j&vvn a^' ie> nGW fci' 72 'J cs known to tailoring, all the new \|u?J r ' W* ?' " f\ '^^H^^TT^^ S
I m \ Iff Wl co 7 orings, shades and effects; that is, all that is | < ; ;TS| •[ ¦m^^™j l jj/ \\ /
I jl'L Jj W wj smart and correct — what the good dresser will iv ear LI IM I |[^^u^wWiii/^, *^~^ §
I .!:' I • mm In this grand collection will be recognizable values ,MMWi Ili'l I 'i^v/SL /\
j j'//|/ I J^^k: M up to $15. But we want to show our friends at home. «l f'H\\t\V\\ lull I Iffrj^s. &§
i^vf^Tj i P's^Mm as we^' as our f rie>n & s from the interior, how the
\^JJ I Frisco Boys do things when they want to. si)' 1 '^ ''mV Aft^WV^^/
™ wwwwwwijwwwwww w tiro lipin o" mrn tn-rf.fiii foi* tlio ~fiT t< \t tiTti° in dj/i* w&^if r ' f j'// j L^^^i
o vre rn a tq r^ §NS|| l^i^ coBNE^EARMEryr. OVERCOATS
UVfcKUJAIj "-iNcoiiSoiiATEP Union Square Ave. ALONE.The saying that Bryan is unlike Buffalo Bill be
cause Buffalo Bill has a show will no longer go with
out challenge.' Bryan-has a show, too, and, like that
of Buffalo Bill, it is of the circus variety. Buffalo
Bill, however, demands good money for , his, while
Bryan w T ill take any old thing.
A. H. and: A. F. Afong. brothers of the
wife of Commander .Whitney of the United
States Navy, arrived in the city yester
day f roin Honolulu. They come to this
country to complete their education.
J. R., H. P. and Sophie Judd, young
members of the well-known Judd family
of- Honolulu, arrived on the Australia yes
terday on their way to an Eastern college.
B. F. 'DUlingham, 'one of the wealthy
planters of the Hawaiian j Islands, Is at
the Occidental,' accompanied by his fam
ily.
Dr. T. C. Stockton, one of the best
known physicians of the State, Is register
ed at the Palace.' /
L,. A. Spitzer, Assessor of Santa Clara
County, is registered at the'Grand from
San Jose.
Mrs. A. W. Simpson, wife of the lumber
king of Stockton, Is a guest of the Occl
dental.% :'.' : > : '-? :^''"*^>' : i
H. Rodin, a big raisin man of Fresno,
Is registered ,nt the Grand.
W. J- Mace, a popular boniface of Ma
dera, is a guest of the Lick.
J. R. j Foster, a well-known hotel man
of Marysville, Is staying at the Lick.
General J. Wj B. Montgomery, a promi
nent citizen of Chico, Is at the Grand.
W. W. Chapln. a prominent merchant of
Sacramento, "Is registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
This pretty costume will serve for a
small dinner. It Is made In taffetas and
has a light-pray background, with printed
designs and pompadour shade flowers on
It. The Is made of a drapery In
ecru lace, with a large collar of a similar
kind. The apron of the skirt Is In ecru
muslin, with Insertions and flounce at the
bottom In ecru srulpure.
DINNER DRESS IN TAFFETAS
Come again from the m'ountains and "the valley*
from the boom towns and the cow counties, ye native
sons and ye adopted sons, and bring the gir!s with
you. San Francisco is yours to count on.
It is doubtful if any other land on earth could have
gathered fo numerous a crowd of. men and women,
under circumstances cf such freedom and absence of
restraint, that would linve carried out all the festivi
ties of three successive days with so little to mar or
disturb the pleasure cf any* one. It was a wide open
town that greeted the visitors, but it was the openness
of an honest hospitality, and those who entered were
fitted to enjoy all thnt was best in it. From first to
last the whole affair was bright, musical and beauti
tiful. Every one of cur visitors was all right. It i?
evident there are no bad Californians. Some may be
better than others, but they are all good.
It is an old saying that the best ornaments of. a
home are the friends ihst visit it. Certain it is that no
Otter adornment r-o dearly manifests the character of
the famiiy that occupies the home. A man is known
by bis friends. The character of a city is distinguished
by the kind of people who resort to it, and by the
tray they enjoy themselves when they get there.
Judged by that standard, San FraiTcisco can congratu
late herself on the visitors she has just entertained.
They came from all parts of the Pacific Coast. They
were of nearly all races. Most of them were strangers
to one another. They met in the jostling of the
thronged streets and in the unconventionally of a
free for sll jubiicc. Yet a common spirit of patriotism
varmed their hearts and they became friends on sight.'
There was geniality, cordiality, good ; nature every
where. Never was the true Californian manner of
give and take on equal terms and with a joyous good
will more abundantly exhibited than in the general
gatherings of the pa=t four days.
OUR visitors are going home. They have made
the city lively rnd uproarious for three of the
maddest and merriest days that ever an Ameri
can community knew! They made for us a halcyon
end vociferous time, and we speed them on the way
hrr.ie with the best wishes that ever attended a throng
GOOD-BY TO OUR VISITORS.
The total registration up to last Friday evening
was 48,031, and it is estimated that" the total regis
tration will be about 72,000, consequently there re
main 24,000 names to be registered between now and
September 26, when registration will cease. It will
be seen there is no time to spare. Get your name on
the register, or you will have no vote on election day,
and the fault will be your own.
It is to be borne in mind that a wholly new regis
tration is required this year. Those who have not
registered since last January and fail to register be
fore the expiration of 4he time fixed by law will for
feit the right to vote in November. Registrar Walsh
has provided every facility for registration, so that
the performance of lhe duty will entail no inconve
nience if it be promptly attended to; In the closing
days, however, there is sure to be a rush.
WE have completed the three days' celebration
of California's jubilee, and now that the
glorious interlude is over we return to politics.
It is high time for the people of this city'to give se
rious consideration to their public duties. The first
thing to be done is to see to it that every good citizen
registers. The bosses will be sure to get the names
of all their touts and toughs on the roll and an equal
energy should be shown by the better elements of the
community. Those who have not yet registered
shoul3 do so at once, and those who have should
urge their friends to attend to the duty.
NOW FOR REGISTRATION.
After urging the construction of the Nicaragua
Canal, the President takes up the trust problem and
points out that some of these combinations of capital
"are dangerous conspiracies against the public good
and should be made the subject of prohibitory or
penal legislation." He goes on to say, "Honest co
operation of capital is necessary to meet new business
conditions and to extend our rapidly increasing" for
eign trade, but conspiracies and combinations .in-
The one blot upon the otherwise bright record of
the country is the fact that 90 per cent of our imports
and exports are now carried by foreign ships and
that we pay annually to foreign ship-owners over
$165,000,000. The President recalls that he has re
peatedly urged legislation designed to upbuild our
merchant marine and repeats the declaration: "We
shall fail to realize our opportunities if we com
placently regard only matters at home and blind our
selves to the necessity of securing our share in the
valuable carrying trade of the world."
Passing from that issue the President rapidly but
clearly reviews the benefits which have resulted from
the protective tariff and the financial legislation of
Congress. These benefits are noted in the expansion
of our industries at home and our commerce abroad,
in the augmented revenues of the nation and the ad
vanced prosperity of the people of all sections. He
notes that, "unless, something unforeseen occurs to
reduce our revenues or to increase our expenditures,
Congress at its next session should reduce taxation
very materially." ; /" C
The letter does not undertake to decide or to discuss
the relative importance of issues, but the people are
reminded that one pledge of a platform is as binding
a? 4 another, that the candidates who have promised to
overthrow the gold siandard and what they call "a
conspiracy against the welfare of the human race,"
will be obliged to fulfill the promise should they come
into power, and therefore the voters have to decide
whether they will "hazard the overthrow of the wise
financial legislation of the past year and revive the
danger of the silver standard, with all of the inevitable
xvils of shattered confidence and general disaster,
which justly alarmed and aroused them in 1896."
The President begins by directing attention to the
fact that, despite the efforts of the opposition to shift
the controversy from its natural ground, the chief
issue of the time is the preservation of our financial
integrity, industrial prosperity and established peace
and .order. He reminds the country v < that the op
ponents of the gold standard have renewed the strug
gle for its overthrow. He quotes the declarations of
the three silver parties reasserting the policies they
advocated four years ago. "Thus," he says, "the
issue is presented. It will be noted that the demand
is for the immediate restoration of the free coinage of
silver at 16 to I." Then, with a light satiric touch, he
adds: "If another issue is paramount, this is imme
diate. It will admit of no delay and will suffer no
postponement."
PRESIDENT McKlNLEY'S letter, published
on Monday and reviewed in a general way
yesterday, should be carefully studied by
every voter in the country. It will suffice the Re
publican party for whatever educational docu
ments the voters may need in this campaign.
It deals with every political issue of the time
and illumines them all. There is not a problem
ignored, nor a single attempt to evade any of 'their
complexities. Every declaration is fair, honest, manly
and statesmanlike. The letter will rank among the
ablest of our Presidential state papers and will be read
r.ot only now but hereafter for its lucid statements of
the issues at stake in this contest.
McKlNLEY'S ACCEPTANCE.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
it ; s hardly necessity to point out that such contri
btrtions as California's may make to the cause should
pa,ss through a State committee in order that it may
show forth clearly to the people of Texas the sym
pathy of California. Governor Gage in this emer
gency is doing the right thing at the risht time in the
right way, and all Californians should support him
in it.
From the reports that have been received it may be
ncceptc.l as certain that the stricken people of Texas
will rteed all the help the generous people of this and
other State? can piv* them. The disaster has been
me of the most appalling that ever befell any part of
the United States. There arc thousands in distress,
snd the destruction of property has been so extensiv*
that the residents of the cities where the disasters oc
curred v.ill hardly be able to give effective help to
their unfortunate neighbors who have lost their all.
Consequently outside help should be given in the fu!l
measure of that abundant generosity that i? so char
acteristic of the American people.
To the inveterate faker charity is just as good a
gold brick as any to i«. ork off upon a sympathetic and
unsuspecting community. It is safe to say that some
of the schemers are already preparing to start sub
scriptions for the Galveston sufferers and have laid
their plans for working the public. The action of
Governor Gage will have the good effect of baffling
such schemers. It gives to the generous an assurance
that a responsible committee will be appointed to act
for all California in this emergency, and that all con
tributions they make will be devoted solely for the
purpose intended nnd r.ot be used for self-advertising
or for self-er.richment by some self-organized charity
It i? gratifying that the Governor has taken this ac
tion. It is well known lhat in matters of this kind
there is always a ho?t of self-seekers rushing forward
to pose as philanthropists marily for the notoriety
they will derive from it. but sometimes for the chance
of defrauding the generous. That class of persons
have become by this time fairlj* familiar to the public,
?.nd yet in even- grave disaster where the sympathies
of the generous are widely aroused a considerable
number of them succeed in making a very good har
vest for themselves out of it.
GOVERNOR GAGE has telegraphed to the
Governor of Texas asking if aid from Califor
nia will be needed in providing relief for the
people of Gal vest pn and other parts of Texas that
have suffered from the storms of Saturday and Sun
c?.y. and in what way such a^^i^ta^cc, if desired, can
be best arranged. When the reply conies the Gov
ernor will act promptly in arranging for relief, and
the people cf California will then have an official and
responsible con-.mittec to collect and transmit to the
Texas authorities ilxir contributions to the relief
fund.
Trie TTXfqS SUFFERERS-
ONE VOTE-C. L.. Sacra/nento.
Cal. If a United States Senator Is tlected
D.. City. Marie Edme
Patrice. Maurice de MacMahon. marshal
of France, was elected President of the
«r5 n £ b rep , ubU S May 24. 1S73. In January.
1879, he resigned the office.
10 ;^' A - G " CIty ' ' <Tne P"ssy Cat
and the Owl has been set to music and
SS5o 1 d«SS aI?ied - from ' any flrst cl ™*
11 C & ai i? s Blum> I 1 salIor on th e bark Wil-
Uf R ' " ume - made two attempts to drown
himself yesterday. He was *crazv from
liquor and jumped overboarcl. He wS
sent to his home at 227 Steuart street
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
United States Deputy Marshal "Abe"
Adler leaves for New York to-day A
crowd of his friends will be down to see
him away on the Santa Fc steamer Abe
has been away from California for twen
ty-five years and came out here to visit
his aunt. Mrs. L. Goldman, and his
cousin. "Ike" Tuchler. During the
troubles of the Southern Pacific and when
deputy marshals from one end of the
Union to the other were searching for the
late C. P. Huntihgton it was Adler who
located him in New York and served the
summons upon him to appear before the
Railroad Commission in San Francisco
Deputy Marshal Adl«*r says the narnrle
and display of the Native Sons in San
Francisco would have done credit to Vew
York or any city in the Union.
, T-* H - Sellers of the well known firm of
Madison. Bruce & Sellers is back f£5i a
trip through the East. "Harry" says the
whaling industry is looking up and that
business in every branch was on the boom
Sou n nd h ." Malne aCk ° n "** ° M stam P'n g
Water Front Notes.
The Iowa went back to her old anchor
age off the Union Iron Works yesterday
While dropping down the bay she came
within a few hundred feet of the sunken
ship May Flint. The latter still lies off
the Mail dock, a menace to navigation
but the chances are that the owners will
take some steps to have the wreck re
moved to-day.
Battleship Iowa Moves.
At the last moment a telegram was sent
aboard the Lawton instructing Captain
Magune to take a pilot at Port Angeles
and go direct from there to Nome. From
the gold fields the vessel will bring back
a load of stranded miners to San Fran
cisco.
The United States transport Lawton,
which was to have sailed at noon for
Nome, was detained in the stream yester
day over a little trouble In the steward's
department. During Inspection some of
the rooms in the forecastle were found to
be in an untidy condition. The chief
steward was called to account, and he ex
plained that the men were changing quar
ters and that therefore the untidy condi
tion of the rooms was excusable. The in
spector did not think so, and the regult
was that the Lawton had to tie.up in the
stream until a new steward was got
aboard. The old steward came ashore in
one of Peterson's launches. All his men
would have followed him, but they were
not given a chance to get over the side.
Trouble on the Lawton.
Captain Donaldson reports that the ship
Jabez Howes left Dutch Harbor on Au
gust 31 and that the bark Undaunted left
Nuchagak on August 27. The Hcmer
brings along the remains of J. M. Mor
ton. The facts pertaining 1 to his death
have already been published in The Call.
Tho North American Commercial Com
pany's steamer Homer arrived from the
i'ribilof Islands yesterday, via Dutch
Harbor. She brings into port the usual
catch of the seal island hunters, but on
this occasion it falls a little short of for
mer years. The Homer brings home 22,470
seal skins, valued at $300,000: IS barrels of
blue and white fox skins, valued at J1S.000,
and from Dutch Harbor 36 barrels of furs
that were left there by the company's
whalers.
Brings a Valuable Cargo.
It. Judd. Miss S. Judd. R. J. Hancock.
H. B. Hall, A. F. Atong, A. H. Afon*. W. T.
Itawlins. S. N. Castle, \V. F. Damon. Mr.
Styne. B. F. Dlllingham. H. G. DUlingham.
Miss DIllinEham. Mrs. G. M. Lowrey. Mrs. J.
A. McWUUam*. Oeorse F. Smith and wife. Miss
M. Smith, Mr. Goodwin and wife. Miss S. Ilob
ertson, Mrs. R. P. Oeer, Miss E. Cjtozler, C. E.
Williams, Captain McDonald, wife and child. T.
XV. Kern and wite. C. M. Walton, wife and ion,
T. C. Wills and daughter. Miss Wills. Serjeant
J. F. Ford, wire and child. Mrs. W, H. nice
and two daughters, H. Rice, P. Rice, Mrs. C.
Drier, W. D. Schmidt, J. H. McPherson, II II.
Flint. H. B. Itice, H. J. Nolte. James Lemon.
A. F. Rook«r ; t>. H. Case, C. M. Harris. C. O.
Smith. J. \V. Alexander, C. F. Alexander. C. L.
Clements. Miss Merry, Dr. Singleton and wife,
J. J. Taylor and wife, R. M. Campbell. Miss A.
F. Beard. Mra. G. II. Paris and child. Miss L.
A. Paris. E. E. Faycrweather and son, C. E.
Bryant and wife. W. J. Withers and wife. Miss
N. Sturgeon, Miss L. K. Bou.rdrr.an and Miss K.
Reynolds.
K. Pollitz and servant. A. Zuckerman, B. R.
Banning. J. K. Farley, H. B. Glftard, H.
Schultz, C. J. Ellis, E. P. Wilcox, R. Wll
cox, the Misses Wilcox, Mls» Swain, II.
Blngham, C L.. Wricht H. P. Judd, J.
The Australia brought up ninety cabin
passengers and seventy-twp in the steer
age. Besides these she carried a very
valuable cargo. Those who came up in
the cabin of the mall boat are:
The mall steamer Australia arrived
from the islands early yesterday morn
ing. She made the run from Honolulu In
6 days 10 hours, and Captain Lawless re
ports delightful weather throughout.
Valuable Cargo From the Seal Isl-
ands — Lawton Delayed Owing to
Strike in the Steward's
Department.
Mail Steamer Australia Ar
rives From the Hawaiian
Islands.
• California Republicans should study the Maine and
the Vermont vote carefully. They will perceive that
the feeling of overconfidence which was indulged
there without harm cannot be risked in this State.
We have no normal Republican majorities of from
25,000 to 30,000 votes to rely upon. In California
every vote will be needed, j It is true that all signs
give reasons for an unshaken belief in the triumphant
re-election of McKinley, but if the victory is to be
as sweeping as was that of four years ago, the Repub
licans will have to put more energy in the campaign
than they have done up to this time.
Four years ago in a speech at Knoxville Bryan
said: "If there is any one who believes the gold stan
dard is a good thing, or that it must be maintained,
I warn him not to cast his vote for me, because I
promise him 'it will not be maintained in this coun
try longer than I am able to get rid of it." Such was
the declaration, and though Bryan has dodged the
money issue to some extent in this campaign, he has
not recanted that utterance nor said anything that can
give a believer in the gold standard the slightest ex
cuse for voting for him.
It can hardly be . necessary to point out to intelli
gent men that there is an important lesson to bo
drawn from the Maine and the Vermont vote. That
apathy in the Republican ranks due to overconfidence,
of which we have heard so much in reports from the
East, has shown itself in the voting of those States.
Why should there be any falling off from the Repub
lican vote of four years ago? The Bryanite menace
to the welfare of the country is as serious now as
then; indeed it is even more dangerous, for it is now
cloaked and disguised and will deceive many, people.
Therefore it behooves Republicans to be more alen
than ever. They cannot afford at this time to take
chances in any State or in any Congressional dis
trict
Thus on the surface everything is encouraging. It
is to be noted, however, that the Republican vote is
less than it was four years ago and the Democratic
vote has increased. A similar state of things oc
curred in Vermont, with this curious difference — in
Vermont the Democratic gain was less than the Re
publican loss, while in Maine it is greater. Such per
centages of loss and gain have no effect upon the
strong Republican nnjorities in those two States, but
if anything like an equal change in the voting takes
place in the close States the re-election of McKinley
will be by a narrow margin.
by her vote on Monday has confirmed
/ \ and emphasized the lesson taught by the vote
of Vermont last week. The Republicans have
carried the State and elected every Congressman by
an overwhelming majority. The Legislature will be
very nigh solidly Republican, and the re-election ot
Senator Frye is assured.
THE MAINE ELECTION.
Editor The Call-Most of the Inscrip
tions proposed for the "SPRECKELS
ARCH OP HARMONY" are too verbose;
it should be very concise.
The above name is appropriate, because
the word harmony refers to the arch as
well as to the music which will be ren
dered under it. I safest this inscription:
"San Francisco thanks its fellow citi
zen, Claus Spreckels. for this gift." And
that the date, "September £>, 1900," be
added. *
Let the letters be clear so any one can
read them and large enough that spec
tacles v.ill not be required. Thus will the
world learn that we appreciate the gener
csity of our people. Yours truly.
C. G. MIXIFIE.
September 10, 1900.
INSCRIPTION' FOR
PARK MUSIC STAND
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 12, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AM Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone -O4
X-lUi.lCA.TIOX OFriCCJInrket nnd Mlitrtl, S. K.
Trlcphone l'reum 2U1.
1 PITOUIAL ItOOMS. .. .217 in 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone I'rf«i =UZ.
.
nrltrtred I»t Carrier*, 15 Onl« Per TVeeU.
Single Coplcn. 5 Cent*.
Terma l«v 3Iatl. Including; PoKtnces
I'AII/T' CALL, (including Furxisyi. cr.e v»ar Jk.ftd
IlATLY CALL, (lncludlnic Sunday). « !r.ontb» Jt.O")
PAILT CALL (Including Sunday), 2 months l.M
DAILY CALL— Bv S> ng i e Month «5o
FITNUAT CALL Onr Year 1.M
WEHKLT CALX. One Tear LOO
•^ i * poitoiftitf n n !"<"" n a 1 Ii orl xcd to rt*o*r* i v<*
Eanrle ccpie» will be .'orwirieJ ivhsn requested.
OAIvLAXB OFFICE J 11 S Hronclvrny
URATiCf OFFJCES -£*7 Mr>r.tsoropry. corner of Clay. open
ontii f:S8 o'clock. SfK» Ha ye*, opfa until ?:"0 O"ciock. HJ
McAllister, ojxtj until 9:2") o'cioek. 613 Larkln. '¦p^n until
• :30 o'clorlt. JMl Mifslcrs. np<-n until 10 o'clock. 22T.I Market,
rcrr.er Fixteecth. cj»n until * c'clcck. IC&t Valencia, opea
tstll J o'clock. :u Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW cor
r.rr Twrrty-s»cnn.1 ar.d K»r:urky. "pen until S o'clock.
HONOLULU. Sept. i.— Sunday was the
sl.\ty-second anniversary of the birth of
Liliuokalani, the former Queen of these
islands. Early in the morning, she was
serenaded by the government band and
Hawaiian boys, who played and sang sev
eral of her compositions. A notable inci
dent in connection with the former sub
jects of the ex-Queen — and one which is
very suggestive for political reasons
owing to the indiscreet vaporlngs of un
intelligent followers of hers— was that
while she declined to rise from her chair
while "Hawaii Ponol," the former nation
al anthem, was played, sh° set the exam
ple by rising when Captain Berger played
the "Star-Spangled Banner." This lesson
will not be lost upon her people. Later
on the ex-Queen attended and communi
cated at the services of St. Andrew's Epis
copal Cathedral. *
On Saturday the primaries of the Re
publicans were held on Oahu and over
1500 votes were polled by the precinct
clubs out of a membership of about dou
ble that number, a very fair proportion
of whom are native born Hawaiians. The
object was to elect permanent otllcers and
delegates* to the district convention on the
6th and 7th. It is generally conceded that
Colonel Sam Parker stands the best
chance of being selected as delegate to
Congress by the convention, as it is an
open secret that the administration at
Washington desires a native born Ha
waiian of character and wealth to occupy
that position. The numerous candidates
in the lield on the Democratic and Inde
pendent Hawaiian side precludes the elec
tion of their man if Colonel Parker ob
tains the nomination. J. O. Carter,
brother of the late H. A. P. Carter, a. for
mer Minister of Hawaii to Washington,
emphatically declares that he will not
serve for the short term; Robert Wilcox
and his followers are making themselves
unpopular and Prince David "fights shy."
The first I>abor day's celebration in
Honolulu -was a grand success. A few of
the floats were of especially elaborate de
sign, but the two that Dleased the most
were those containing happy little school
children who cheered and sang and waved
American flags all along the lengthy
route.
At the termination of the street parade
it was dismissed in the capitol (palace)
grounds, and eloquent speeches were de
livered by United States District Attorney
HaJrd and Messrs. Lorin Andrews and
Georgp A. Davis.
At Kapiolani Park in the afternoon
there were athletic sports and horse races
with no charge of admission. In the even
ing at the armory there was a free dance,
at which upward of 3000 attended.
Considerable unfavorable comment is
being made on the announced intention of
High Sheriff Brown to enforce the Sun
day blue laws and to close restaurants,
ice cream parlors, etc., at 7 p. m. The
press is fighting it so bitterly that Mr.
Brown will probably pause.
BY HORACE WRIGHT
Eis3S to Her Feet and Remains Stand
ing During a Rendition of
"The Star-Spangled
Remains Seated When "Ha
waii Ponoi" Is Played
in Her Honor.
LILIUOKALANI'S
GOOD EXAMPLE
TO HAWAIIANS
Such arc the salient/featurcs of the paper. The
document is one that will be continually under review
and discussion throughout the campaign. It can and
will stand every test that may be applied to it by
honest minds. It gives a bold challenge to the three
silver and calamity parties that have united under
Bryan's leadership and presents to the voters of the
country a frank and full statement of the grounds
upon which the Republican party asks their suffrages
in the coming election..
; Coming to what the Kansas City platform calls "the
paramount issue," the President reviews what has
been done for Porto Rico and gives an able sum
mary of the events leading up to the present situation
in the Philippines. Upon that issue. he says: "Are
our opponents against the treaty? If so, they must be
reminded that it could not have been ratified in the
Senate but for their assistance. The Senate which
ratified the treaty and the Congress which added its
sanction by a large appropriation comprised Senators
and Representatives of the people of ( all parties."
Furthermore the President says: "There is a strain of
ill-concealed hypocrisy in the anxiety to extend the
constitutional guarantees to the people of the Philip
pines, while their nullification's openly advocated at
l'ome. Our opponents may distrust themselves, but
they have no right to discredit the good faith of the
majority of the people who are opposed to them."
tended to restrict business, create monopolies and
control prites should be effectually restrained." Such
declarations certainly satisfy all that reasonable men
ask on the subject and completely refute the assertion
of the Bryanites that the Republican party is the sup
porter of trusts. 9
"The same rii'e holds sood of women
at the telephone. The telephone air of
my daughters • in addressing their girl
friends is entirely different from their air
when they address men. Girls are tele
phoned to with a plain, everyday, matter
of-fact manner: men. even over a wire,
must be addressed with a savor of co
quetry. The most interesting things
about a telephone aiv these discrimina
tions It shows in the matter of gender."
tion to give you a clew. It's the way it's
""when talking to another man over the
telephone, a fellow speaks in a curt, bust
ness-like manner that there s no mistak
ing. When talking to a worn-- he in
.sensibly assumes a certain difference in
tone, a gentleness of speech, a general
air of taking off his hat. and tnere s no
mistaking that either. So soon as a man
is satisfied upon the great preHminai/
telephonic point, 'Who Is it?' he instaritly
and involuntarily drops into one of these
two tones and anyone within hearing can
instantly and involuntarily determine
whether it's a man or a woman that nas
called him up. - I've never yet misled a
calculation of this sort. All concerning
the conversation may he Greek to the
listener; a simple succession of 'Yesf?
and 'Noes." will, by the ray they are ut
tered, make it clear as daylight whether
they're meant for a man or a woman.
PAWNBROKERS* CHARGES— 9.. Sole
dad. Cal. A pawnbroker who does busi
nrss on pawnbroklng lines is not allowel
by law to charge more than 2 per cent per
month on loans. But pawnbrokers have a.
way of "beating the law." Instead or
making a loan they "buy" the article of
fered, with the understanding that the
party may purchase it back again within
a stipulated time upon paying the amount
of the purchase money and a fixed amount
lidded, for each month that It may remain
uncalled for.
STEAM-W. A. J.. City. A cubic Inch
of water evaporated under ordinary at
mospheric conditions Ifl converted into
steam equal to 1542 cube Inches, or in a
unit of measure nearly one cube foot, and
it exerts a mechanical force equal to rais
ing 14.72.1207x114. equal to n20llSJ2WI
pounds, one foot high. For a fuller defi
nition of steam and its force go to tho
Free Public Library and consult works
on steam, steam engine and steam ex
pansion.
CALIFORNIA F.EER SEED—I. O. F..
Cal. This correspondent writes to ask
about "•California beer seed." The letter
of inquiry says: "When I lived on the
Mississippi a neighbor gave me a few
ounces of what was termed 'California
beer seed,' which, put into water with mo
lasses, in twelve hours pmduced a fine.
foamy beer." Can any of the readers In
form "the correspondent what that partic
ular seed is?
JAKP.ETT AXD PALilER TRAIN— N..
City. The Jarrett and Palmer train did
not start from New York, but from Jer
sey City. The train, consisting of a com
bination passenger, mall and baggage car
and Pullman hotel car. left that city Jur.e
1. 1S76, and the passengers were landed in
San Francisco Jur.e 4, making the run in
S3 hours 30 minutes and 16 seconds. No
stop between Jersey City and Pitts
fcurtr. Pa., was made.
DOC?S— A. S.. City. One who has made
the doe a study asserts that "the habit
of turning 1 around three or four times be
fore lying down has survived in the do
mestic dog from his savase ancestry. It
then served to break down the tall grass
and make a bed." This department has
not been able to find any other reason for
the domestic dog tnrning around several
times before lying down.
A STAFF ARTIST— S..Lompoc, Cal. Tha
duty of a staff artist on a metropolitan
newspaper is to do just what he is told
by the chief artist in the line of work in
which he is best fitted. An individual who
is a good hand at sketching, has goo<i
memory and can sketch from memory de
siriner a position should offer his or her
services to th« chief artist of one of tns
newspapers.
WASHINGTON CENTS— E. C. P.. City.
This department has net the space to de
scribe the Washington cents, as. there are
eighteen different patterns that are known
as "Washington cents issued in 17S«. l..v>.
1791. 1752. 1793 and 17D5. If you will desig
nate any particular one that you wish to
know about the information will oo im
parted.
"Why has it not been paid? 1 ' is because
the Government has not had money
enough to do so. but is paying it off as
rapidly as revenue permits.
1 BAMBOO TRE&-X.. City. To destroy
bamboo trees which have "become a nuis
ance In the garden," the trees must be
cut down and kept cut until late In au
tumn, when the roots should be dug up.
THE NATIONAL DEBT-I. V. C. Gil
roy. The national r!eb$ of the United
States on the 30th of last June was $2.
137.161,001. The answer to the question.
president pro tempore of the Senate h*
has only his vote as Senator, and has not
the casting vote, as has the Vice Presi
dent.
Whenever Mr. Croker appears in the campaign to
encourage his branded propert;,', Mr. Bryan, there
will arise before the mind's eye Hill's picture of the
boss, who cannot make a platform, nor define a
principle, nor formulate a policy, but wljo on no oc
cupation has become a millionaire, with an establish
ment in England that rivals the scat of the Howards
and a following that would have made a feudal Baron
turn verdant with envy.
The affair foreshadows another quarrel and divi
sion in New York Democracy. That party has had
many historic splits, including the Hunkers and Barn
burners, the straights rind locofocos, the swallow-tails
and short hairs. Just what name shall express the
coming division none can foresee. Perhaps, from
the suggestive name of Mr. Croker, it may be the
frogs and polly.vogs.
But, for all this anger of Mr. Croker, Hill's- ar
raignment stands and the picture he drew will not
soon be forgotten.
It does not seem to occur to Croker that no man
can be a leader who has first to be recognized by
him. The man who docs the recognizing is the real
leader, as Croker no doubt is. He permitted Bryan
to be nominated: in fine, he recognized, and branded
him. He issued a permit to Mr. Bryan, gave him a
l'cense. so to speak. ?nd without that Bryan could
not transact his business.
This means that no man can be a leader unless Mr.
Crokcr chooses to recognize him. He may have all
the qualities of leadership, but is not to lead until
branded with the true Croker brand.
What is exquisitely funny about it is that Crokrr
confessed everything in Hill's description by saying:
"If it wasn't for these things I would have recognized
him as a leader long ago!"
In fact. Mr. Croksr was mad. He got what the
boys call a hot box. His indignation rose to h:s lips
in impolite and improper language. He called Mr.
I Till deceitful, tricky, a picayune and peanut politician
and an untruthful sneak, and declared that if he lived
in New York City he would decline to make him a
captain of a district in the Tammany organization!
In his speech Mr. Hill ventured to discuss the boss
in politics as a person inimical alike to labor and to
rest. He drew a few vivid^ pictures, vocal vitascopes.
in fact, of the party boss, toiling not nor spinning, yet
wearing purple and fine linen, patent leather shoes
and a rich beefsteak complexion, all at the expense of
the taxpayers and the people. He pictured the boss
as controlling appointments to office, public con
tracts from the feeding of prisoners to the burial of
paupers, privileges to corporations, and as growing
sleek and oily on the assessment of sin, folly and
crime for the privilege of existing and preying un
their victims. Hill mentioned no names, but he had
only to reach down in the numerous pigeonholes of
his memory and tap his experiences in New York poli
tics, from the time he was a lieutenant of Tweed until
he rose to the Senate, to find such apt illustrations as
comprised an excellent likeness of Mr. Croker. Next
day Mr. Crok'er recognized his portrait and was.
guilty of the indiscretion of admitting that Hill is an
artist and can draw true to the life.
IUjX-SENATOR HILL indulged in the perilous
. luxury of orator}' on Labor day. He selected
; — • Troy for the scene, and it is the opinion - of
Mr. Crokcr, leader of the party, that he entered Troy
as a wooden horse, full of defiance, insult and con-
ThjE LEADER SPEAKS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1900.
"Have you never noticed." asked a
man, according to the New Tork Evening
_Sun, "how, in overhearing any one at the
•telephone, you, can always tell whether
It's a man or a woman at the other end
of the instrument? He who is carrying
on the. side of the conversation that you
hear may not mention a name nor a pro
noun to Indicate the sex of. his friend
. There may be nothing In the conversa-
YOU MAY HAVE NOTICED THIS.
The Democrats apppear to be most happily situated
in this campaign. They are against everything which
the American people want. V
Dispatches from China announce that Chaffee "has
the situation well in hand," so it would appear that
Chaffee has taken Otis' typewriter with him. V
The young man who wishes. to have a future in
politics will have to join the Republican; party this
year, for it is the only party now in the country that
has a future worth sharing.
Republicans may be sure of victory this year if
they will work, but if many stay at, home and leave
the work to others there will be a surprise party for
the sluggards on election day.
6
FROM SEA
AND SHORE
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Country Houses, Hotels, Flats
and Cottages Furnished
Complete.
CREDIT IF DESIRED.
BRILL/ANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Opea Evening*. N?ar Powell.
Free Delivery Within 200 Miles.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY I £&§*
Agg^ No Plates Required. |rH
OUR REMOVABLE BRIDOE WORK 13
beautiful and durable. Warranted 10 years.
Our Jo platen fit like a glove.
Our method for painless extracting is pafnt-
ed and used by no other demist on the Paciflo
Coast.
PRICE 1/5T FOR BO OATS f
Painless Extraction SJ»e
Removable Eridgework $3.«>o
Amalgam t SOo
Mrs. Dr. R. I* Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren's teeth — painlessly.
DF¥. R. C-. lA/£tI~Sf-t.
815% GEARY STREET, between Hyde and
Larkln. Telephone Polk 113S.
Oppression, Snffocatloa,' Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
PtrU. 1. ESPIC; M«w Ttrk, E. 70USQU. « w.
SOLD BT ALL DRUGGISTS.
; . _V
AlTTHftBQ Manuscripts suitable for Js-»
AUlUUn>- sains In volume form required
1 by « s tablished house: liberal
wLLHIiTU a terms; prompt, strale&iforwari
FIIRI KHF& treatment. Address . "Book* •
I UDLI3HEK iu Herald 23d st.. New TorsL
Parker's Hair Balsam is the favorite for
dressing the hair and renewing lta life and colnr.
Hlndercorns. the best rur» fnr coma. 15 cts.
HOTEL DEL CORONA DO-Speelal «umtn»r
rates still In effect at this beautiful country
home, where- FTJinmer and winter are one A*
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco, get
rates with special round-trip summer ticket.
In Ohio they have revived a half-for-
gotten law against keeping native sons-
birds In confinement. In nne month
twenty-elsht persons have been arrester!
in Cincinnati fnr this offense, and thou-
sands of birds have hoen set free.
Special Information supplied dafrr to
business houses and public men br r*i-»
Press Cllppinr Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont*
comery et. Telephone Main 1041 •
Townsend's California place fruits. 50c a
pound in lire-etched boxes or Jap baskets
639 Market street. Palace Hotel. •
Lovely Ice Cream and Soda; fine view
of Market street from our parlor. 633
Market street, Palace Hotel. •
Ice cream by the gallon at Townaend's.*
Pure fruit Juices used at Townsend's. •
Ice cream and soda at Townsend's. •
Splendid Peanut Crisps. Townsend's. •
AMUSEMENTS.
Alraznr— "The Girl I IWt Er-hir.d Me."
Ojlumhia — Tfee New Donr.'.v.io:-.."
AffaajBbm— ••Ffclr> Ahoy."
< >r; bema--Vaa6eTUl£.
Grand Opera-house— "Quo V«4!«."
Tivoli— "Caval!#ria Hustirana" and "I Pac'.lacd."
Clynipia., ccrrcr i?as>rtn and l'Z<Z4y fctr^pts— Specialties.
Ch-Jies-. Zoo and Thfatpr— Vaudeville every af:ernoon and
creels;.
n^hpr'*- Vaudeville.
A!ta TheatPr. Grove street— "On the TraH."
Pa.n> iiatll- of San Juan. Folsom and Sixteenth ctre«t».
p«tr> Path?— Own alette.
Tar.fcran I'u:;:-Th? Great Fair. September 24 to October 6.Keep your baggage checks until you
reach San Francisco. You will : Eave one
half in the transfer of your baggage/
One trunk? (round tiipr. 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery, Oakland ferry, depot,
C50 Market street, 408 Taylor street. ¦ ¦ •.
Notice to Native Sons.
John Hennig, 2522 Chestnut street, was
driving a swill wagon yesterday morning
when the horses bolted at Pacific and
Stockton streets. He held on to the lines
and was dragged off his seat. The horses
kicked him on the head and face till" they
were covered with wounds. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital. Hie left hand
and arm were fractured, there were sine
wounds on his face and scalp, his nose
was broken and there were contusions on
both eyes and his left ankle. He was ta
ken to the German Hospital in the after
noon. . -.."'*- .- '
Kicked by His Horses.
Th" gam» opened wildly In the first
inning, the Millers punching holes In
Doyle s delivery. McGucken, Moore and
Streib reglsterd hits, the former two scor
ing. In the third Sacramento had Its
pqusidrons placed In advantageous posi
tions, Devereaux, Eagan and Moore
crowding the bags. Devereaux alone
I scored. This was his second performance
as a bag- rounder. In the first he went
I to first ba*=e on four bad ones, scoring- on
Jay Hughes' two-bagger. The score:
STOCKTON*.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
' McCarthy, I. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
I McOuokfn, c. t 3 1 1 0 2 0 0
• Moore. 3 b 2 110 2 0 1
i Htr*ib. 1 b 3 0 1 1 4 0 0
j KfSf-r. c 3 0 10 7 2 0
j Habbltt. s. e 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Courtney, 2 b 3 0 10 111
Adams, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 10
Whalen, p 3 0 0 1 2 3,0
Totals 23 2 5 2 18 7 2
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlln, 1. f — 3 0 l 0 • 0 0
Devtreaux. 3 b 2 2 10 0 11
Eapan, e. s 2 0 0 0 3 10
Hughes, c f 3 0 10*00
Hanlon, 1 b 3 0 0 0 4 11
Stanley, c 3 0 10 7 0 0
Hoy'.e, P 3 0 112 10
Ptultz, 2 b 3 0 10 0 10
Pitt. r. f 10 0 0 2 0 0
Totals 23 2 6 1 18 5 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton ."> 2 0 0 0 0 0 2
Base Hits S 110 0 0—5
Sacramento ....?* 1 0 10 0 0—2
Base Hits 1 12 0 0 2—6
SUMMARY,
nuns responsible for — Whalen, Doyle 2.
Thrc-*--base hit— StuKz. Two-base hit— Hughes.
Sacrifice hit — Adam*. First base on errors
Sacramento 1, Stockton 2. First base on called
balls— Sacramento 2, Stockton 2. Left on bases
—Sacramento 6, Stockton 6. Struck out— By
Whalen 4: by Doyle 5. Hit by pitcher— Pitt.
Wild pitch — Whalen. Time of game — 1 hour
and 10 minutes. Umpire— Smith. Ofnclal
ecorer— J. W. EtaDleton.
The same was called between Stockton
and Sacramento yesterday afternoon In
the beginning; of the seventh innins on
sreount nf the mixture of rain and dark
ness The Rf-r.tie drops from heaven
Bhowed no respect for th» two Interior
t^arrs. albeit thifi was their first dual ap
pearance- this season on the loral dia
mond. At the end of the fifth inning l*m
p're Hujrhry Smith, who is learning this
year's rules in action, called a lapse of
tfn minutes between the fifth and sixth
arts. But the rain camo again and with it
«;arknr?s. so h* ffnt the players to thpir
rirrssinp room and th^ fanatics home un-
FritiFfied. As the score was two all, the
country members became docile and only
thought but did not attempt condign
punishment.
William Pitt, the younger, played the
star part in the game. In the fourth
inning be demonstrated the greatness of
mind when heavily Incased In matter.
One of Jimmie Whalen's twisters un
twisted on Pitt's head. Full of sound and
fury was the collision and great •was the
rebound. Pitt looked surprised, felt his
head to see what was tickling him and
rnnterr-d to first, happy that he couldn't
strike out.
Sacramento 2, Stockton 2.
ONE WON, ONE DRAWN.
the I/eaders.
Tittsburg Reduces the Advantage of
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS,
Club— W. L. Pet. Club— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...GS 44 .600 Boston 54 58 .451
Pittshurpr --.6j 50 .56.") St. Louis 52 59 .469
Philadelphia 56 54 .509! Cincinnati ..52 60 '.465
Chicago 55 5S . 487 1 New York ..47 65 .419
NEW TORK. Sept. 11.— New Tork won a
Fame and played a draw with Chicago to-day.
Attendance, 2CR.0. Score first game:
Cluhs— R. II. E.
Chicago 3 8 5
New York 14 23 J
Battoriep — Callahan. Chance and Dexter:
Hawlpy and Bowernian. Umpire— Emslie.
Second game;
Clubs- R. H. E.
rhi-asT.i 3 7 * 5
New York 3 6 2
Batteries— Griffith and Kllng; Carrlck and
Bovrerman. Umpire— Emslie.
FtnOOKLYN, Sept. 11:— Cincinnati played
Brooklyn to a standstill to-day after the home
team had gained a led of 5 to 0. Phillips was
wild at the start, but settled down after the
FPcond inning. Ilowell held the visitors elx to
two whrn the eighth began, but by a single
by McBrWle, Hreltenstein's triple and Barrett's
hnn-.e run tied the score. Attendance, 1100.
Score:
Clubs— R, H. E.
Cincinnati 6 11 12
Brooklyn 6 7 2
Batteries— rhlllipa and Kahoe: Howell, Mc-
Oinnlty and McGiiire. Umpire — Synder. (Called
end of ninth.)
BOSTON, Sept. 11.— Both teams put up a
slow came in the field. Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Boston 7 10 2
St. l^iuls 6 7 3
Batteries— Lewis and Clarke; Sudhoff and
Buelow. Umpire— Hurst.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 11.— Leever pitched
great ball for Pittsburg to-day, allowing the
home team only three singles. Attendance,
2?24. Score :
Clubs— R. II. E.
Plttsburg 2 8 1
Philadelphia 0 8 0
Batteries— I>*<»ver and O'Connor; Orth and
McFarland. Umpire— O'Day.
American League Games.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Sept. 11.— First game:
KanFa.« City, 6; Indianapolis, 3.
Second game: Kansas City, 4; Indianapolis,
10. ¦ .
CHICAGO. Sppt. 11.— Chicago. 9; Cleveland, 1.
MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 11.—I.Iinneapolls-Bu£
falo game postponed; rain.
MILWAUKEE. Sept. 11.— Milwaukee-Detroit
game postponed— wet grounds.
Society Horse Show.
CHICAGO. Sept. 11.— Chicago will have
a horse show October 29, 30 and 31 and
November 1. 2 and 3, to be held at the
new Coliseum on "Wabash avenue. It is
to be hold under the auspices of the Chi
cago Horse Show Association, of which
James H. Moore is president. This ex
hibition is intended strictly as a society
event, and to prepare for it there will be
over ]f>0 boxes, seating from six to eight
persons each. In front of the boxes and
circling the arena there will be a prom
enade sixteen feet In width. The arena
will he 110 feet wide and 221 feet in length.
The boxes will be disposed of only by auc
tion sale.
Lightweights Matched.
DENVER. Sept. ll.-Kid Parker, cham
pion lightweight pugilist of Colorado, has
accepted through his^ manager, Billy Ed
wards, an offer from tho National,Sport
ing Club of England for a match with
Billy Chester, champion lightweight of
England, the fight to occur some time In
December.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 11.— The
economics department has announced - the rp
pointment of Charles R. Detrlck, Harvard, '91,
as instructor In economics. Detrick, who was
a sraMuat* student of Stanford In 1898, organ
ized the Stanford band of volunteers, which
joined Company K of the First California Regi
ment at Manila. J. T. Buchanan, '97, and G.
T. Cochran, '01, have been appointed librarians
of the new law library.
highly nervous state and said that hr-r
husband had thrown her down two flights
of srp.irp Monday nicht and had thrown a
lodger in til** hoiifc after her. lie was in-
Fprmly JeaJous. She had sat up all night
nr,<] sb^uT 5 o'clock in the morning he be
s-sn to rail her vile names till she went off
in a faint thr<^ or four times. Tn the
afternoon sh* 1 thought a ride on tbe cars
would steady her nerves. Her two chll
dr*n --niled at th^ hospital to s*»e her. She
Bays she Is afraid to f;i home.
Mrs. lizzie Liddy. wife of Michael J.
Lldfly. customs inspector, living at 4"5
Btyaat street, fainted on a car at Elev
enth and Bryant streets yesterday after
noon sr.d was taken to the Receiving llos-
I :•-' in the ambulance. She was In a
Trouble in the Liddy Family.
The same policemen then surprised
Johnson, who claims to be a soldier of
Company B, Fifth United States Infantry,
as he was robbing the room of Chew "Wo,
but one door from the one in which the
fire started. He had pried open a small
desk and was caught with a pair of field
glasses and a pair of gold-rimmed spec
tacles belonging to the Chinaman in his
pockets.
As the crowd gathered the Chinese
woman, the sole occupant of the room
in which the fire started, appeared at one
of the windows. She could make no exit
through the door and piteously appealed
for assistance. Officers Nelson, Dinan,
Connolly, Fowle and McNamara were
soon on the scene and while some of
them secured a ladder, the others reached
a window of an adjacent building. The
woman was taken from the burning room
and passed to the rescuers In the other
building-. She had been almost suffocated
by smoke.
Shortly before 6 o'clock a lamp exploded
in the room of Yong Hing. In a few sec
onds the blazing oil had spread over
everything and flames and smoke issued
from the windows. An alarm was turned
in by Officer James Cavanaugh from box
17 and the lire apparatus was soon on the
scene.
Sin Suey, a Chinese woman, had a nar
row escape from death in a lodging
house fire at 60? Jackson street last even
ing. She was hemmed in by flames and
was rescued by five police officers, who
took her through a window. While the
fire was in progress Harry L. Johnson, a
soldier, was caught In. the act of robbing
one of the rooms of the burning building
by the same ofllcers. He was booked for
burglary at the California-street Police
Station.
Harry I.. Johnson, a Soldier, Neatly
Trapped While Bobbing a Room
During a Fire on Jackson
Sin Suey's Life Saved by
Prompt Action of
Policemen.
CHINESE WOMAN
RESCUED FROM
BURNING HOUSE
When the same had grown older by
two inninps the local team frll upon the
I Dudes for a couple of added injuries.
; Simply because Arrellanes gushed over
! pieces of fire-crackers from Brockhoff's
! end Iiildebrand"s bats, which creamy
s-phere juggling was enlarged upon by
Francks when immediately following he
tried to end a drive by Schwartz. Uncle
| Henry added three more runs to his por
¦ lion.
The eighth was but hits and runs by
, the locals and errors by Oakland. Josh
i Heilly varied the stick work by the only
1 accredited two-bagger of the day. Bag
1 chasing by Schwartz, Levy, Sullivan,
j Krugf Rellly and Brockhoff with a run
; apiece caused six strokes of the bell at
j the end of the inning.
On a few occasions during the game the
j Dudes came within sighting distance of
i the rubber buoy, only to remain an-
I chored. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pr^nr.an, d 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Hutchinson. lb 4 0 0 0 14 0 0
Kranokss. s. ? 4 0 0 0 3 2 1
I ArrPllanes. Zb 4 0 0 0 14 3
Borohf>;f>. p. 3 0 0 0 0 E 0
Bowman. If 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
] Hold, rf 4 0 10 0 0 0
i Manprrina, c 3 0 1 0 5 2 1
I Ka.no, Cb 2 0 0 0 0 2 3
Totals 31 0 4 0 24 13 S
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
! Fmckhoft. rf 5 2 10 2 0 0
i Hildehrand. rf 4 1 1 3 3 0 1
i Schwartz. 2b 5 11113 0
j Tab^t. lb 4 0 1 0 10 2 1
i c 2 10 16 2 1
I,*>vy. If 4 110 10 0
Krujr. s. 5 4 112 13 0
I Reilly, 2b. 4 110 2 0 0
I Fitzpatrick, p 4 1 1 1 1 1 0
| Totals S5 9 8 8 27 11 3
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
J'.af* hits 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 — (
San Franri«;co <* 0 10 2 0 0 6 •— 9
Base hits 8 1110 10 4 •— 8
SUMMARY.
Two-haF* hit— RetHy. Sacrifice hits — Pabst,
Levy. First base on rrrors — Oakland 1, San
Francisco 4. Fir.=t base on called balls—Oak
land 3, S°.n Fran'-isro 4. I>oft on hases—Oak
land 7. San Francla«o 5. Struck out— By Bor
chAS 4, by Fitzpatrlck 3. Hit by pitcher — Man
p»rina. r»ocl>ic pl»y— Sullivan to Pabpt to
Kn;?. Passed 5;3l!— Mangprina. Time of Karan
— l:a0. Um:>ire— .Smith. Official Poorer— J. W.
i?ta^lcton- _
"Fireman" Kitz was in his element yes
torcay. and the Duties were In but not pf
the game Four small and harmless
bombs were set off by the Dudes with
out any result. Fiiz, with the aid of the
team back of him, nullified every other
abortive attempt at stick work of which
Ewlng's men v.ore guilty. "Chief"
Korchers did antics upon the Oakland
t-Oab, fcsLit his tribesmen were a "bad lot of
Indians." In one inning they committed
lour tanful error*, whicn, combined with
lour San Francisco hits, made Hank
n:ore than jubilant as he counted off the
six runs which the "IXoofian" at the bell
v.orked cfi slowly upon the crowd.
This sextuplet of runs happened in the
eighth inning and clinched victory for the
local team beyond peradventure. Not un
til the third try at the bat did Hank send
a runner from the rubber and round to
it again. The '"Fireman" found to his
iikii,? a "hand-me-ovcr" of the Chiefs
stock and 'was safe at Ilrst. He stole one
en MangvTina, soon after going to third
on a passed ball. Hildcbrand helped to
socre him after he got into the running
en four bad balls. A double steal it was
that put 'Frisco on the board.
San Francisco 9, Oakland 0.
San Francisco Punishes Oakland Very-
Hard in a Single Inning.
Dudes Are Unable
to Score.
Sacramentos and Stocktons
Do Not Settle Their
Differences.
DARKNESS AND
RAIN CUT OFF
BASEBALL GAME
The Republican County Convention v.il!
meet at B'nai B*rlth Hall this afternoon
at 2 o'clock. The niaiii floor of the hall
v.m be reserved for delegates, attaches
of the convention and press reporters.
A.frcd Bouvier will call the convention to
crder. Credentials issued by direction
of the returning: board will be recognized.
The official roll call contains only the
i ames of those to whom euch credentials
have boen Issued.
a here were several harmony confer
rr.ces yesterday. Or.e tvas held under the
auspices of Judg-e Dibble and Jake Shaen
:n a s:de room at the headquarters of the
Republican State Central Committee, An
other was held at the headcuaxters of
the Republican County Committee under
the auspices of the committee of eighteen.
Max Goldberg, Augustus Tilden and
others Issued notices yesterday afternoon
for a caucus at B'nai B'rith Hall last
evening-, but the affair was declared off
before many of the- delegates invited as
sembled at thv appointed place.
The anti-boss County Committeemen
who met at the Baldwin Annex last even
ing received overtures of compromise
from the agents of the boss ring. Keily
ar.d Criminals asked for all the delegates
lr. the Twenty-ninth ond Forty-second As
sembly districts and ha!f the delegates
ol the Tliirty-tliird and Forty-third dis
tricts. No demand was mace for chair
man of the convention, but it is common
report that the bosses favor the selection
o! P. A. Bergerot.
In order to promote harmony in Republi
can ranks the anti-bo^s conference offered
to ftiUust the controversy on the basis of
an equal division of the delegates in the
four disputed districts.
The County Committee will meet early
In October .-..nd at that meeting the re?ig
:.stion of Alfred Bouvier, chairman of
the committee, may be submitted. Mr.
Boovier. it is «=aid. proposes to devote
much of his time in th<» future to the pro
!;:ntinn of grand opera in California. A
vigorous effort will be made to retain the
present County Committee, even if the
services >>i Chairman IJeuvier should be
lost.
The Republican mass meeting at Me
chanics' Pavilion next Friday ?•vening
pmmi^s to be a grand demonstration;
This first jrr^at rally" of the r-ampaijjn wilt
1.^- under the auspices of the I'nion
I^eapue CiuK United States Senator
Fairbanks of Indiana will be the chief
orator of the occasion.
The rvrnncratie rally at the Pavilion
r.^xt Saturday has been declar^.1
off. SS Orator C. A. Tnwnc cannot arrive
here in tim» to participate. He i«t now
Khednled to speak in this city on the
/¦ver.inR of September 22. N>xt Paturday
evetang D. M. Ddmas will sneak at Los
;-.':co]o$l. Frank 11. Om:!.] will hold forth
at Nnpa and J. H. Ru?h will talk at San
Counter Proposition Presented by
Anti-Boss Forces— Kelly Wants
P. A. Bergerot for Chair
man of Convention.
An Adjustment Proposed by
Kelly and Crimmins Is
Rejected.
REPUBLICANS
HOW TALKING
COMPROMISE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1900.
7
ADVTBTISElklENTS.
SE¥FBtt¥MENT
A Host RemarKabl-3 Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Packagre Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
l Frp* trial pafkajr*>s! of a mo=t r<»marka-
W r>!" remedy are bring mailed to all who
v.ill ¦Rrii«* the State Medical Institute.
They <~ured *=o many m^-n who had bat-
tled for jpars cgainst the menial and
rny: ; i<**l •sufferfnc of Jnst manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial parkacf.= to all who write. It
5f a fcTru maimf-nl, and all men who
FurT^r from sn>* form of sfxnal weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
I^fs of strength a-:d memory, tve^k bark,
cvxiCooHe or emaciation of parts can now
cur? themselves nt home.
The r'm'dv has a p»<-uliarly prrateful
r-ffr-ct of warmth and sr-r-n-.s to act direct
to the dc-firod lor-3t!or!. frlvinp strength
ar.d devrloprr.ont just wh^re ft is needed.
Jt cures all the ills and troubles that come
from y^ars of misuse of the natural func-
tions "and has b<?en an absolute success in
e!l case?. A request to the State Medical
Institute. W Electron building. Fort
Wayne, lnd., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied ¦with promptly. The Institute Is de-
nrous of reaching that exeat class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
«d. and the free sample will enable them
Xr, see how raf)' It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
ere employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free eampl". carefully scaled In a
plain package, so that Its recipient need
nav no f.?ar of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
¦without delay.
MUNYON'S INHALER
<~&^ . CURES
§f®% CATARRH
?23§F Co** 9 * Coughs,
'**%3*§<^ : * a y P c ver » Bron-
itis, Asthma
(?^&JjW^Mand all Disease£
\ %$fi?%3? Wyef the Th roat and
flrmCu cf M>fllcstpd Vapor *re lnbalnl
throuifb tbe cwotU acd edit ted from the no«-
trus. clranslj:- tz-A raporlzlng uU tte Inflamed
end 'Msraepd ra"* which cannot be reached *y
mt-d'cirie t«Vc-n icto the etomtch.
Tt rcacJu:* the rr.re epoU—Tl heal* the raw
places— ft fiorn to Vu: rrat of disease— It acu as
a : a!;.t art'l ttrr.ir, to (he whnle. ri/ttem—fi.OD at
r . rt er.t hvrr.aih Wi A rch St.. VhiUie
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cure of Gonorrhoea. Gleot«.
Strictures and analogous complaints
of the Organs of Generation.
* Trie* n a bottle. For isalt by druggist*.
IA/. T. HESS. ___
rOTARY POiJLIJ UM A7T0ENET-AT-LiW.
Tenth Floor. Ilocm 101a. Claus Spreckelt BWx.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. k21 CaiUoral* «t.. below PoweU.
Ban , Francisco.
Ir.bennetps electric belt
Makes men and women strong and
Etrorjr men and women stronger.
THE EMPOBIUM. \ THE EMPOBIUM. 1 THE EMPOBIUM. \ THE EMPOBIUM.
I §10,$12.50and&!5 '^^^ 1^^ Wednesday Sale
& % f some e 'c a sfs n fiveof CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Sh.fS NhW^^ll
| Hinf)i Sr^ftS Expert Ribbon Bow Makers •
K ISWW P^k and 8 ? M £aMG£& Mv9B9l[m**S*rt STo90>B^m 4*8* 5 ******** I !ioas "C»d rim frame?, with fancy
tf wa H ' vWSl rrOllf Z*niG&B§ffO to? ( and bDttom ornaments, flinch
£ pz£§0^ nnrked $10.00, Thousands of yard? of eleiant ribbons are made up into all kind3 of bow3 cSb'iietiEe ovals, witheasei^'^T^
%' «^ $12.50 and $15; - every week free of charge at San Francisco's busiest rihbon counters. back; each *. *mC
i great special offering "for 'to-day This idea> whichwas first introduced in the city by The Emporium, has A splendid assortment of subjects.
£ (Wednesday) and to-morrow <Thur.«- proved a. great convenience and attraction. In addition to our regular
J£ day).. ......$7m45 staff we have engaged two experts who have been employed by Mar- V&etfnBSCfaV 1 Sale
j: Second Fioor-Front. shal j Field & q^ {ot the past five years ag designers and head bow Curtains, 63c Pair.
if TltB New Furs makers. These young ladies will introduce many ne^y ideas and do- O ur curtain man pfeked g 100 mirs of
a* ffifWYJ RtSatlv s i£ns in neck, hair, corsage and waist bows for the Fall season 1900. pretty scrim enrtains with rnffl.-s, sev-
{£ _ Jr * No charge '.'for 'Bow (Making if material is purchased at our counters. era! pretty patterns, width -ij inches,
J. The Dig Store now has on dis- ' - - . length 3 yard^, ja?t the thin? fur cot-
*£ play and sale a stock of fur boas, * ___ _ ~~ __ ¦ _ TTZ ~ " ta g« wisdom, bedrooms, bathroom.
v storm collars, collarettes and Wednesday Sale Wednesday Sale etc.; they should sen for s> c or $1.00
I Homespun Cheviots. Cushion Tops.
at which the/ are m irked. - Stylisti Collar- Tnis \ s . not ,, a 7 aT J J aTe * lot ~ 3boat 2 ™ They are the 25c kind, made of very heavy I/Vpffflpcrfau «?-a#A
*: ettea from $1.65 up; hjndsom* Capes yards in ail-but the cuslomers who get ca^ va8 clorb in Bew designs and Roman VVGaneSUay d3/G
% from $7.95 up. Note the following in- >tat to-day a price will be we 1 pleased co . osine; they are all rea 5 to Me . giza ToV/Cf BarS.
fc ' troductory prices on absolutely new, up- th . * he . ir bargain; ¦ 56 inch fiomespun 22x22-inches; on special sale to- „_ Hn^.™ t«..i k,™
H to-date fur garments. Cheviots m several shades of gray, brown day on v .. IOC A Une 3- arm towel bars
K China Seal -riRfflk and tan, that retail regularly for $1.03 J * " /." * made of bra'3, heav-
£ Collarette; $M$f4> yard; to-day while quantity •—— . i 'I 7 Bickel * p!3 . teil:
tk S trood CUt " " if ' -^A?r IflSlS ••••.¦•¦•¦••••••••• •• • ™ **^ I .. L *'" *** I ** 3 arw a Ji>i.-
K high storm (&%§£&&> S^S^SS Sl/3g^§S^B^M*\M fF~~^>^ ,' ab '' 8 Can
h coTar sat- ... , , « - ET tgSMH B¥S ffXZBgS&rVm {¦ fX*Cf^4fc screwed to wa.^h-
% in' serre W6£§nes£i£}y Sate _^ „ ¦ ... , " i] n' " 3tand or an 7 hard
5 lininfr Damajefr &f« Everything here .fiS&P wood; price always
*** Sf 65 mJoMMMMSM&n •»€?««»* $£(§&£# to make the choo s - *-*~^"J 2">c, on special salo
»¦ Ait rat fc^^&w^sr d^ °"'- v at th8 s ™ e r3ti0 - * he ? are mz&."s£ terials and low Porcelain Clocks,
I h£ .at,; . W^mt, %&&'%£?,£!& t 'ire Bi cte W?W' ffte* Trim med ». ta. „„„ e, of
U . sjrge lm- mgZ&SPSSf, and matching napkins; two sizes only; to- *=• P Ha ts from the these elegant hand- .tf0jg^&3^\
I %o"oe - day at about half price. ' fef < European and P«nted Porcelan %j^ff^ /
..tlttCmimO o a ai,,» n i n 4Vi ro ifk ««« Ar.-rr.r, s s« :^*' !f 3v* : ipfe» t« i. .c i- • cloc!c3; they are Ji/£i, /^vmaW
I Sable Opossum Collarette, yoke of Bal- jrn fashlOB aboutGinche^high. f &' < "M
ticbeal; style as in picture; at tbe 12 .4 s i Z3 Goth with 1 dozen .— ** centers. Ready- have flower i 8 cora- a^hW/lffi
5 P, Te f J . Bp A C . ial J ) Mi C Vf, ch $3*45 16.in. Napkins', the set for.. S^.OS tO'^ear and OUtinff Hats almost tions in preen and iV^5§2
6 Electric Chinchilla Collarette with gray Llnen Department-Main Floor. without number. Trimmings, net- bue tmt3 ' Ansoni* 2 g
| ?Sf"pi|pfe|i^4S , tings, ornaments and feathers; ev- Z^J i '}!jJh0f&&
X Ba'tic Seal Cape, with top collar of Si- Ladies' and erything that fashion dictates. cannot be bou^ht^^^
I !SI1^PP^^S Children's Wear. La . di . e8> Elegant Imported Mo j e^Vo 545
5 B V-°/u al CaP d' A ' trakhaa> s// 50 Now on 'display and sale, the new- Ladies' Elegant New York'Mod^s ***
I Wmfi&m ff^sr'cfliss^ss^ IS^^S^ Bivis>%o B nTs u ¥L
I Extra Special. ' J^-™£Z? W^W^^^^ S™?JS£3ffi> X
ft Electric SOS*! Ja G kctS,in\zt- fcaps sik t SSrPsH ""^fi SoT^oT^O nn 'liaher. Mr. Sol we are enabled
%' eit cut; very handsomely lined; look 7cl P ii«-j en Sfe^,& : S6.5O, $7.5O and $9.OO to offer this entire week the cream of
S Secona-^r^on^- 0^ 0 Golf Hats, in air^^V^^dVha^ WS^^S^^^^k
i Wednesday Sale children's Ei/gant ±m to^^^^^fffiSSto ™^l uch ahitat th9 Or?heuia at
I Groceries, liquors ?Miffi$ "™e w *v *° m » *
fc* Coffee-Our best Mccha and Java; .-$5 to $16.50 * • 47^^' Second Floor. . ; Woman's Heart"
£ regalarly 35c a ib; to-day 29o Children's White Aprons f!$ 2. * SB**
a, 1 Sordines— Imported, Le Marchand's, £ - : —SOc to 75c ii.jR : "//*<? Ju<ii BbC3U*SG i
K in oil, hi on sale to-day, per tin.20© Babie s Eiderdown i^ " f »" V«.f C« T^
* Deviled Ham-Underwood'a, J lb. bacquej, silk' edg^d. Hantlht*M***h5*»f^*l** \\ >? Za , L 4 ~
*, tins; to-day.. .'. 22g P«nk and blue....So© nanunerCmeF i3>c3S© at les? than a third of pub- /5f«
X Scda Crackers— FreaVbaked, h /T trT^>-^ Ladies' Fine TO-Da\fm Usher's price, per copy...........
\£ wood boxes; todav 35o /:\\ttlT?h\ Mu?lin Gowns ' ' '**"**** Thm offer inc.aies the_ foWng roajp
V Worcestepshiri Sauce— The gen- / i'MmMIJv^ embroidery in- • We bought at an 1 instrument.!! mis.c:
*" nine, Lsa & Perrins, J pints; to-day.... / I^9 ==^* \\ ¦ sertions and ed ff e //A Usithmhaf "I Am Certainly Living a Ragtime
% 22C ®fc»r ;? , 1 \\ — ¦'•S1.OO //1\%V /K recuar prices .. rd IJ ,^ to H(ar Tnat Sonp ARaln ...
2" Cheese— Full ere, mCaliforoia; to-diy, ' ? y \\ Ladies' hind- ///A\\/7V\ a man * " It<s the Man pphind tho Gun That
9i ner lb 12n v^., ~r~?Ztt^ some Cambric /lO/X/ Avy/// '/\'\ uf acturer's D^op the Work.™
J \V P hi S key-T^--y 8 mourYe-7ow 8 'on? ' jBSSSBm G ° WD ' with fi ° e 'WPMAWSwM f ock . ofsIi f;
2" Bourbon or R;e, 8 years oU, dutilery i^^ tucks, band em- YJS / a \%\\-y;, V ] 7 imperfect »i Wonder If They Care to See Me
tf bottling, fu.l 8izj $1.25 nn «>^&g$gg^&>** broidery and VK/. %-'l Jadies> hand " -t^Z^ »t r iw^ r u » *
j£ bottleaf'to-day OS % hemstitching; >V |W W kerchiefs-
% Tom G.n— Loadon Club, the be.st on choice of nine styles $1*2S >¦ '¦'//. \\---/T? such 6i ght ici- "Torpartnr's T.ov« Son£"
&" tho market; to-day „ 8tc Ladies' Lawn S«rfc" Chemise, with in- e-tion \SS?W& : " perfections a* ;;Sir.r P Thm, Art Min^." #
| Harp:p. Whisksy-S.-pcw tops, and double edee of Valencisnres lace in \K a heavy thread -4cn zieytotr • :scver Love A S am -
ji* pint flasks of the celebrated Harper yoke; with ribbon lacing; tucked fliunee or two where lnr'nuint*n*r»f
Jf Pure Rye Whiskey, jaat the thing for skirt ....$1.25 they ghou'd not be. bnt which do not af- ;*"-' *Z" „*
travelers; to-day, "per fla^k 40o Ladies' Drawers, elaborately trimmed with feet the wearing quality of a hand ker- stppf" ""™
I? Port or xsherry — Pure wine, our lace and insertion; choice of 15 styles.... chief ; they are al! linen, real hem3titcher "T,a Bouton March and Two. Step."
ft? leguhr 75c quality; to-day, per ga! ...*. .$1.50 handkerchiefs, sheer or cimbrie, that if "EHlotflWaltze^;
h Ion..: ...5Oc These drawers can ba matched in all other rerfrct wou d be 2:c or 25ft each; m** "Coontown , jVibiipp."
Main Floor— Roar. ' | garra - .nt3 for bridal outfits. the big store's price Wednesday..., m &%m "McKlnley March and Two Step."
j A CHARMING FACE
¦ And a dainty skin are mine after
) a week of raw beach -winds and
months In the woods; thanks to
CREME
' Sunburn and tan are out of the
i question If it be used and, all Im-
perfections of the Ekln soon dlsap- '
1 : pear. Popular for half a century
ft stands all tests. Sold ; by< afl^. 1
drug-gists ; and general • dealers. ;* If ,
you cannot- obtain it send -us 50c
for large bottle or 10c for trial sJze. \
E.B. HARRIN6T0N:& CO.- M'frs., !
Los Angeles, Cal. ;:
AMUSEMENTS.
GREAT "ADMISSION WEEK" BILL
The World-Renowned Contralto,
JESSIE BARRETT DAVIS.
YOUNG AMERICA QUINTET. QUERITA
VINCENT, JOHNSON AND DEAN, HOWE,
WALL AND WALTERS. GERTRUDE
MANSFIELD AND CARYL WILBUR.
WESTON AND WREN. LITTLE FRANCES
KEPPLER, GREAT AMERICAN BIO-
GRAPH. .
SPECIAL JUBILEE MATINEE
TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY.
Parquet, 25c, any s«t: Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren, 10c, any part, except reserved.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK
AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
THE GREAT DOUBLE OPERATIC BILL,
"Cavalleria Rosticana"
"I Pagliacci,"
WITH THE ENTIRE COMPANY ALTER-
'¦¦^i/. ,. ' ' • N ATELT APPEARING.
POPULAR PRICES........;.. ...... ..25c and Wo
Telephone Bush 9.
t\ t V IUI F*l A *DDY ST.,
VJL* .M iwi MT: i At c of?, mason
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW
IN THE CITY, v
Tenth Series of CONRADI'S FAMOUS
LIViNG STATUARY!
Sensational Studies of the World's Most >"¦<
Famous Nude Sculpture.
DANCE OF ALL NATIONS !
A SDeclal Feature for Admission Week. .
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
—AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.—
ADMISSION FRE E.
CHUTES AND^ZOP. K^^gJ»
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW !
SEABURY. HIGH DIVER.
CANNON , THE 'FAT ; MAN.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS
¦«• -~ "/' In ' their. latest novelty.' '
"FUN ON A- FARM."
Telephone for seats^-Park 21
AMUSEMENTS.
EVERY XIOHT. INCLrDIN'O PUNDAT.
MATINEE SATURDAT.
CLAY I* R.
CLEMENT" and STOCKWELL,
,.?^.' Supported by a Strone Company.
IN MR. CLEMENT'S IDYLLIC COMEDY.
THE NEW
DOMINION !
Clay Clement as. ...Baron von Hohenstauffen
"Next "Week— DOUBLE BILIa
"THE BELLS" and "NAPOLEON'S GUARD"
LAST FIVE NIGHTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A Story of Indian Military Life.
THE GIRL I
LEFT BEHIND ME I
Seats for all performances now on sale. *
PRICES— 15c, 25c, S3c and 60c.
" NEXT WEEK.
"THE WIDOW'S HUSBAND"
Special engagement of ADA LEWIS.
pfppi GUT RATES
nUl TO-NIGHT!
pjjSpY^, B es * Seat? h Grand
PlB/ilkJ Stand OalySJc.
4409 Good Seils Only 2k and 35c.
TO-NIGHT— CALIFORNIA NIGHTt
SEAL i OF THE STATE. WALKING ELE-
PHANT AND NIAGARA FALLS. [
' Including Pain's Electric Pyrotechnics.
ABSOLUTELY NEW!
Folsom and Sixteenth Ms. Grouads.
TO-MORROW— MILITARY NIGHT.
SEATS AT SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S.
103 Grove Street. Phone South 324.
TO-NIGHT, last week, with matinees Satur-
day and Sunday. First time on any stage—
CAPTAIN JACK CRAWFORD'S great Bor-
der Drama, illustrating his life on the fron-
tier] entitled. "ON— THE— TRAIL."
The Call, Chronicle, Examiner, Post and
Bulletin acknowledge It to be the best scenic
melodrama seen here in years. •
: Prices,* 10c. 20c 30c Next — "Bottom of the
Sea."
FTSCHFR'S concert house.
flOUnCin O Admission lOc.
' MAE I TTJNISON. EUDOR A FORDE. J. . FV
VIACO. LE. BEHANV HOWARD and CAMP-
BELL, OLIVE VAIL and DUTCH WALTON.
', /; .^Reserved Seats, 25c; Matinee 'Sunday.,
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPHI.RA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SCNDAT.
NEWT^KS^W SaS ¥ PANY
ALL THIS WEEK.
Sutserb Production of
QUO VAD1S.
Introducing la the Arena Seen*
ADGIE'S LIONS.
Evening Prices 10c. 13c. 25c. 50o
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra, 75c.
Matinee Prices 10c, l."c. 23c, 5"c. No higher.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
AL.F ELLISGHOCSE, Lessee and Manager.
¦ ¦>/.: 'Phone. South 770.
The Biggest, the Pest, the Grandest.
EVERY EVENING.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUSDAT.
FERRIS HARTMAN
WITH
The nauticaVfarctcal success, presented by a
company of e.^t-ptional merit. Fifty people on
the stage. Pretty girls, handsome costumes,
magnificent stage settings. Popular prices,
15c, 23c. 35c and 50c.
SUTRO &e\THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathlns: From ? a. m. to lrt p. m.
ADMISSION. 10: CHILDREN', .'.c.
Bathing. Including admission, ac; Children. 20o.
PB M& kSi Ek^» ESSm ii3a j&
3f -^ V Eg] B>^3 uB mini mn Tnl
f~A PERMANENT CURE f
S of the most obstinate casea of Gonorrhoea 5 .
? and Gleet, cn.-iranteeti in from 3 to 6 C
c days : nc cth*r treatment required. 5
S Sold by all drnggists. >
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
I Have you tried |
for shortening Dough- I
nuts or frying Oysters? I
I It beats lard for every- |
thing and-is Pure Veg- i
etable Sterilised Fat. I
Ask your grocer or write R
India Refining Co. |
Philadelphia, Pa. jJ
DR. PIERCE'S ¦*J\± r jS~ P Guaranteed
ELECTRIC ' /7y^» to be the
We have belts as low as $3, same as others
Fell at much hither prices, but they are not
"DR. PIERCK'8." If you want the BKST. a
belt that will euro without medicine, won't
fall to pieces In a short time, and which may
be had at a moderate price, you must have
"DR. PIERCE'S."
Call or send a 2-cent stamp for "BOOKLET
NO. 2." Address: • .
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, San Francisco,
Or 1145 Broadway, New York City.
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that thest
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and • service
and superior appointments and location.
•-. Connected by a covered passageway and
¦ ocerated under one management on ths
American and European plans. .
GRAND HOTEL
BRUSHES^ &5S5K-?£g:
houses.- billiard tables
brewers, . bookbinders," candy-makers," canners.
dyers,\ flourmllls. , foundries. * laundries, paper-
hangers. printers.- painters.'! shop factories, sta-
blemen. - tar-roofers, .tanners, tailors, etc
BUChAfSAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers) 609 Sacramento StiFirst Feature of the Annual Confer
ence of the M. E. Church of
California. , y
PACIFIC GHOVE. Sept. 11.— Although
the California Methodist Episcopal Con
ference will not formally. open for busi
ness until to-morrow morning it was vir
tually opened to-night with an official re
ception to the presiding- Bishop and pub
lic exercises in which many of the clergy
took part. The chief feature of the even-
Ing was an address on ' the "Forward
Movement" that Is at present interesting
all the churches, delivered by Bl&Tiop
Hamilton, who will preside ot the confer
ence.
BURNED TO DEATH.
Fatalities Attend an Incendiary Fire
in City of Chicago.'
CHICAGO. Sept. 11.— Two persons Were
burned to death and five injured in a* fire
which to-day destroyed tho two-story ten
ement houf-e at 205 Desplalnes street. The
dead:
JAMES PULLING.
EDWARD PULLING, 3 years old.
The fire is believed to have been of In
cendiary origin. Tho loss was nominal.
Racing at Portland.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 11.— x^esults at
Irvlngton Park:
2:2j trot— Phil N won. Kittle Caution second.
Bitter Root third. Best .time, -2:23V&.,- •
2:30 pace — John Edison won, Sol second.
Freak third. Best time, 2:16U. 1
Running, three furlongs— Harry M won, Ma
drone i-econd, Jimmle G third. Time, :37.
Ore mile— Aboriclne won. Harnato second.
Will Moon third. Time. 1:45.
Ventura Democratic Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA. Sept. .11. — The Democratic
Assembly and county conventions were
held in this city this afternoon. -City-At
torney W..E. Shepherd wns nominated for
the Assembly. A new ' central commltte*
was organized with 'M. J. Ely as chair
man and J. L.Arcabrite aa secretary.-. :•
BISHOP HAMILTON'S
ADDRESS AT PACIFIC GROVE
NEW TORK, Sept. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
81R0 barrels: exports. BS55 barrels; sales, '9S00
packasr'-s. Market was firm and higher on
spring patents, but otherwise unchanged.
WHEAT— Receipts, 186,830 bushels; exports,
41,527; sales, 3.S75.000 bushels futures and 120,000
bushels export. Spot, firm: No. 2 red. 814c f.
o b afloat: No. 2 red, 794c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 84Hc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth. S7^;c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened firm and gathered strength as the day
progressed, with short active buyers, cables
very steady and export demand a prominent
factor of bullishness. Closing Ti'SlHc net ad
vance. Sales Included No. 2 red March. S3 13-16
<f?Sl%c; closed. 8»%c; May. S3 9-16®S4=»c; closed.
84»ic- September, 79SS0Hc; closed. 8OV4c; Octo
ber, Wa'fSO^c ; closed, S04c; December, 81 3-18
@82* 3-l<Sc: closed, 82HC.
WOOL— Dull.' ' . A ,* , „ *
BUTTER— Receipts, 11,079 packages. Steady.
Creamery. 17@21c; June creamery, 19@2lc; fac
"l^GGsiRecelpts. 10.32S packages. Steady.
Western packing at mark, ll@17c; Western loss
COFFEE— Spot, steady: No. 7 invoice, 5%c.
Mild market steady. Futures closed quiet, with
prices 10 to 15 points net lower. Total sales.
14 600 bags. Including: September.' »7 S0®7 35;
October J7 35: -December. $7 50@7 70; March,
$7 fiS(g7 SO. and May, ,»7 75<g7 8.'».
SUGAR— Raw. strong; fair refining, 4V*c; Cen
trifugal, 96 test. 5c; molasses sugar, 4c: refined,
firm. DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 11.— There was a good de
mand for strictly choice grades of evaporated
apples to-day, but holders show no disposition
to part with their goods at current rates and
very little business was executed. At the close
the market ruled about steady at unchanged
prices and the tendency was upward. State.
common; 3<§&c: prime,' 4$i@ 54c; choice, 5466;
fancy, 6S6%c. ¦ .
.California dried fruits were Inactive. Prunes
.were quoted from 34<g7Vie Per lb., as to size
and quality.
Apricots— Royal, ll@14c: Moorpark, IZ'Qltc
Peaches— Peeled, 14@18c: unpeeled, GigDc.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closlns
Sold. Stocks— • Bid.
3.110 Atchison \.T ..." 28%
7,640 Atchison prefd 7oi£
1.200 Baltimore & Ohio 72V4
Canadian Pacific ; 87»4
100 Canada Southern 49
3,173 ChesaDeake & Ohio 28%
400 Chicago Great Western 10%
2,781 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 12Si£
... Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 23
....... Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd.. 57
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 96V4
Chicago & Northwestern :161H
500 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 106%
C C C & St Louis 5S'i
..."... Colorado Southern ....'6
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
Colorado Southern 2d prefd; 15V4
Delaware & Hudson Ill
200 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 177«4
100 Denver & Rlo ! Grande 1D»4
Denver & ' Rio Orande prefd 67Vi
'Erie *. 11
100 Erie 1st prefd : 34
Great Northern prefd ....• ......152
120 HockinK Coal 134
200 Hocking Valley 33%
300 Illinois Central 116V1
100 Iowa Central ...' 18^
Iowa Central prefd 43
Lake Erie & Western 2Stf
Lake Erie & Western prefd 93^
' Lakn Shore .'.200
6.07S Louisville & Nashville 73H
1.600 Manhattan L. 91%
COO Metropolitan* Street Railway. 154%
618 Mexican Central ........,".. 11"^
100 Minneapolis &St Louis .:..... 34?i
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd....... 93 '
,4, COO Mlseourl Pacific '5l*i
Mobile & Ohio -•• '¦ 36V4
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 94
1,150 Missouri Kansas & Texap prefd.... 30
1.420 New Jersey Central ......13* !
1,000 New York Central .. 130V4
530 Norfolk & -Western .... 34%
Norfolk & Western prefd 74H
3,700 Northern Pacific 51%
500 Northern Pacific prefd ..71.
830 Ontario <» Western 21V4
Oregon Railway,*. Navigation .. 42' ,
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 7G
1,723 Pennsylvania 12S4
900 Reading 164
1.130 Reading 1st prefd .57
1.S00 <Read!nE 2d prefd 27'4
Rio tlrande Western 54
...:... Rio Grande Western prefd .... ..:./.. 90 !
100 St Louis &, San Francisco:.... 9T4
St. Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. 67,9
....... St Louis & Ran ; Francisco 2d pfd. 35VJ
1.120 Ft Louis Southwestern 11T4
700 St Louis Southwestern prefd ". 29%
3.3C0 St Paul '. 114
...*..., St. Paul: prefd... 173 \
St Paul & Omaha ...................110
3.300 Southern Pacific .:.; 33S
_ 920 Southern Railway : ll"i
.; 3,166 Southern Railway prefd ; 51%
1,300 Texas & Pacific ....14%
6.3C0 Union Pacific ...:...... 5794
' £03 Union Pacific prefd ;.. 74
: .. Wabash 7
100 ¦ Wabash prerd 18V4
...:... Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd../..... 8*i
-. 100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd..;.. 23?;
........ Wisconsin Central r.'./lJ.
Third ave HO^i'
Express companies —
¦ Ada ms 124
....*... American :........ .........152
....... United States ....;........ 45
....... Wells-Fargo ...... ....:;.:.T...:.....:.123
Miscellaneous — .
150 American Cotton Oil ...;..........:.. 32%
NEW YORK. Sept. 11.— There was a larger
attendance of members of the Stock Exchange
at the openlns of the board this morning than
for several months past. This was due partly
to the returnlm: tide from summer vacations,
but there seemed to be an expectation among
brokers and operators, which was not realized,
that some renewal of Interest In securities was
about to be shown. London bought on a mod
crate scale here, that market being encouraged
by continued case of money, and this helped
the recovery from the opening decline here.
The enthusiasm of the professional traders was
fhort lived, however. They created a slight
flurry in the coalers, marking up New Jer
sey. Central 2>4 and Reading first preferred a
point on the prevalent belief that a way would
be found to adjust the differences of the min
ers and coal operators. There was some short
coverins in Sugar, People's Gas and Brooklyn
Transit, these three stocks maintaining their
conspicuous pcsitlon In the trading. The bet
ter comprehension of the Texas disaster and
St. Paul's decreased earnings proved depress
ing factors and helped to overcome the early
advance. Closing prices showed few important
chanses.
A stlffenlne In the rate for call loans to 2
per cent attracted attention to the possibili
ties of a money squeeze during the autumn.
The rate tell back to VA per cent when the
banks came into the Stock Exchange with un
placed balances late In the day. The preva
lent ease of money is evidently due to the ex
ceodlnsly »:canty demand and any active specu
lation will probably make rapid inroads upon
the resources of the banks.
The bond market was quiet and featureless.
Total pairs, par value. $910,000.
United States old 4s advanced ii and the 3s
registered V4 and do. coupon % per cent in
the bid price.
Neiv York Stock Market.
at the Sacramento Gathering,
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 11.— The seventh
annual convention of the California Dairy
Association began here to-day and will
be in session three da5"s in the Senate
chamber of the Capitol. There was a
small attendance at 10 o'clock, the hour
named, and an adjournment was taken
until 1:30 after the appointmet of com
mittees on resolutions and order of busi
ness. At the afternoon session an address
of welcome was made by Peter B. Shields,
secretary of the State Board of Agricul
ture, and ft. brief address was made by
President William Johnson of Courtland.
Papers were read this afternoon by Pro
fessor E. J. Winson of Berkeley on "Valuo
of Dairying to the State." by W. H. Rous
pel of San Francisco on "Qualifications of
Creamery Managers." by' Elias Gallup of
Hanford on "The Hog— An Adjunct to the
Dairy." by George A. Smith of Los An
geles", on "Improvement of Milk Delivered
to Factories," , by Samuel . E. Watson ot
Ran Francisco on "Advantave of Keeping
Dairy Records," and by George E. Peoples
of San Francisco en "Classification of
Milk by Separation."
DAIRYMEN'S CONVENTION.
Practical Suggestions in Papers Bead
Justice Hirsch set Gomez's bail at $2000.
Jack Ortega is to plead before the Super
ior Court to-morrow, when it Is said his
attorney will move for a change of venue.
SAX JOSE, Sept. 11.— Joseph Gomez,
one of the principal witnesses against
Pugilist Jack Ortega, who is charged
¦with assaulting Grace Gamble, has been
arrested on a charge of perjury. The
complainant Is Harry Cordell, an em
ploye of Ortega's brother. The warrant
was issued by Justice Hirsch of Santa
Clara, all the local Justices refusing to do
so. Gomez saw Ortega's horse and buggy
pass under an electric light at about the
time of the assault. A man and little girl
were in the buggy. He could not identify
the persons, but he was positive the rig
was Ortega's. The day of the preliminary
examination Milledge Ortega, a brother of
Jack, invited Gomez into a saloon and
there told him if he did not change his
testimony the Ortega family would "do"
him. Gomez reported the matter to the
court and Milledge was arrested for in
t'midating a witness. He was subse
quently released.
sault Case Under Arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ACCUSED OF PERJURY.
One of the Witnesses in Ortega As*
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, September 11.
Ptmr Eureka. .TeMen. 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Australia. Lawless. 8 days and 10 hours
from Honolulu.
• Ptmr ilatteawan. Croscup. 85 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Sequoia, 'U'inkel, 13 hours from Fort
Bra:rg.
Dark Prussia. Jensen. 13 days from Cooks
Inlet.
Schr Glen, Wilson. 13 days from Eixbees
Laudlnr.
Pe'nr Albion. Gndmansen. 5 days from Co
quille River.
Schr Durbury. Todd. IT days from Kenal.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, S*r>temb*r 11.
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson. San Pedro: Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. September 11.
Ftrar Glrsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Georce Loomis. Brideett. Ventura.
Stmr Corona, Gl«-low. San Die^o.
Strar Alcatraz. Carlson. Greenwood.
Stmr Sunol. Green, with schr Falcon in tow.
Stmr Greenwood. Faeerlund.
I" S stmr Lawton. Magune, Cape Xctne.
Phip A J Fuller. Dermnt. Tacoma,
Bark OlymDic. Gibbs, Honolulu.
Schr Monterey. Eeek.
Schr Mary Buhne. Weber. E"urek3.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOEOS. Sept 11 U0 p. m.>— Weather
foggy: wind EW; velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug . 31 T Br §tmr
Gaelic, hence Aug 21: bktn Archer, hence An?
10. Au<r 2!» — Ship Florence, from Tacoma: Br
•tmr Warrimoo. from Sydney; stmr Australia,
hence Aug 22: ship John Ourrie from Tacoma;
Chll war stmr General Raiuedan, hence Aus;
10. Aug 30— Bark C D Bryan, hence Aug 13.
Aujf 31— Schr J. M. Weatherwax. from Port
Townsend: Br itmr Aorangrl. from Victoria.
Sept 1 — Ship Challenger, from New York; Br
stmr Al?oa. from Yokohama; U S stmr Solace,
from Manila. Sept 3— Eark S C Allen, hence
Au: 16.
Sailed Auk 2S— Br stmr Gaelic, for Hongkong::
IT S stmr Slam, for Manila- Augr 2»-Br bark
Woollahra. for Royal Reads. Ausr 30— Bktn
S N Castle, for San Francisco; bark G«neral
Falrchild. for Port Townsend. Aug 31— Chli
war stmr General Baquedana. for Yokohama;
bark Holliswood. for San Francisco. Sept. 1 — "*
Ship Emily F 'Whitney, for San Francisco;
bark Edward May. for San Francisco; bark
Empire, for Port Townsend: schr Reporter, for
Port Townsend: Br stmr Aorangi. for Sydney.
Sept 2— Ship Rep-Jhlic. for Pupet Sound.
KAHULfl— Sailed Sept 1— Schr Eureka, for
Grays Harbor. Sept :— Schr a T Alexander,
for San Francisco. Sept 3— Schr O W Watson,
for San Francisco: ?chr Emma Claudina. for
Oyster Harbor. Sept 3 — Ship Bangalore, for
Philadelphia.
MAHl'KO.VA- Arrived AUff 1»— Schr Cohim
bla, from Newcastle, Aus. Aug 18— Schr Metfta .
Nelson, from Hllo.
HILO— Arrived Aug 20— Schr Okanosan. from
Punet Sound.
Sailed Aus: 30— Schr OtlUie Flora, for Eureka.
Sept 1— Ship Falls of Clyde, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 11— Schr Comet,
for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Emptr*.
hence- Sept 8.
PORT H A DLOCK- Sailed Sept 11— Bktn J.
M. Griffith, for Mollendo.
GREENWOOD-Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Whites
boro. fcr Pan Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Ser>t 11— Stmr Xoyo. hene« Sept 10.
ALBION-Sailed Sept 11— Schr Ida McKay,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr San Pedro,
from Cape Nome. Sept 11 — Br itmr OopaJc.
frori -Yokohama: stmr Golden Gate, from
Alaska.
Sailed Sept 10— Br stmr Arab, for Kobe.
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed Sept 10-Br bark
Stlllwater. for Caltao.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 9— Schr Ludlaw.
from Tacoma.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed up Sept 11— Br
stmr Oc^ak.
Sailed Sept 11— Bktn Kate Fllcklngw. for
Manzanlllo; bark Gerard C Tobey. for Comox.
WESTPORT- Sailed Sept 11 — Stmr JTavarro.
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived S?pt 11— Br stmr L«nnox,
from China.
XKAH BAY— Passed In Sept 11— Schr Jann
II Bruce, hence Aus 21 for Chemainus; schr
James Rolph. hence Aug 23 for Port Hadlock.
Passed out Sept 11— Br stmr Arab, for China.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Pomona,
bence Sept 10.
Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Del Xorte. for Saa
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 11— Schr Jofca
F Miller, for Rcdondo.
EASTERN PORTS.
XEW YORK — Arrived Sept 10 — Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Alliance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived S«pt 11— Br •tmx Tartar.
from Yokohama.
HAMBURG — Arrived Sept i— Ger stmr Oc
tavia. hence May 13.
IQITIQUE— Arrived Sept 8— G«r th!j> Herodot.
for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Sailed Sept 10— Br Bimr Miowera.
for Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA — Palled Sent T — Br »tmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
SWANSEA— Sailed Sent 8— French bark Gen
eral d> Bolsdeffre. for Oregon.
COMOX— Sailed Sept 9— Br stmr Manauense.
for Skajway.
OCEAN" STEAMERS.
NEW YOUK-Salled Sept 11— Stmr Bovlc, for
Liverpool-
BOULOGNE— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Bulgaria,
from Hamburff for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Princess
Orne. from Bremen for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr. Ems
from New York for Naples and Genoa,
Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm n. Irons
Genoa awl Naples for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Sylvania,
for Boston.
QUEENS.TOWN — Arrived Sept 11 — stmr
Oceania, from New York ; for Liverpool, and
procewled. jr v
BREMEN— Arrived Sept U— Stmr Ka.!». V
Wilhelm der Grosse. from New York, vi^
Cherbourg.
ROTTERDAM-Arrlved Seat U-Stmr. Rot
terdam, from New York, via Boulogne.
KIXSALE— Passed Sept 11— Stmr Caledonia,
from New York for Liverpool.
Matter Now Said to Be Under Dis
cussion and a Decision Soon
Expected.
PARIS. Sept. 11.— The Journal des De
bats says on the authority of a dejSuty
who recently discussed the situation with
several cabinet ministers that a portion
of tho cabinet Is in favor of the cabinet
resigning in a body before the reassem-
Ming ol the parliament on the ground
that the government has accomplished
the task for which it was constituted—
that the Dreyfus affair is ended, that the
republic has been placed on a firm basis,
that the exposition is about to be closed,
and thai it would be best to resign in
prder to clear thf political situation.
In case of the cabinet's resigning, it
is further af«ertori. It will do away with
numerous interpellations on strikes, ac
cidents at the exposition and other acci
dents which threaten to cause stormy de
bates in the chamber, and President Lou
bet would form a cabinet of Republican
concentration, not Including any of the
present ministers.
A decision, it is believed, will probably
be taken at an early meeting of the cab
inet. •
DIGS A HOLE THROUGH
A WALL WITH A SPOON
Crazy Stanford Student Copeland
Seeks to Escape From the
Santa Clara County Jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Sept. 11.— H. D. Copelaryi, a
Stanford student, who Is being held at
the County Jail on a. misdemeanor charge
cntil his sanity can bo determined, this
e\ening, with nothing- but a pewter spoon
to aid him, dug a hole through a brick
v all over a foot thick separating his cell
from another. If he had been left alone
n half an hour longer he would undoubt
edly have succeeded in getting into the
adjoining room, but not outside of lhe
Jail. He was removed to another ceil.
Cnpoland i<* undoubtedly insane and will
l>e committed to Agnewn Asylum to-day.
He was arrested a few nights- ago while
roaming aimlessly through the boys' dor
mitory at Stanford with a lighted candle
in his hand.
SAXOON-KEEPEBS YIELD.
All Boxes Are Being Removed Prom
Los Angeles Resorts.
Special rMnpatch Jo The CalJ. ; .
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 11.— Saloon men
throughout the city have finally reached
the conclusion not to- further <#ppose the
will of the Police Board. As a result near
ly all the saloons to-<!ay were given* to
the work of removing the boxes in their
resorts. Many proprietors were not sat
isfied until they had secured legal advice
upon the nubject. They ¦ have -been" uni
formly advised that they had better yield.
FRENCH CABINET ~MAY
RESIGN IN A BODY
Postal Changes, Postmasters Com
missioned, Pensions and Patents
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON', Sept. 11.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— Edgar W. Tris
ler, Wildomary; Samuel A. McCoy, Co
hassct.
Kural free delivery will be established
September 15 at San Jacinto, Riverside
County.
The postofflce at Bowers will be discon
ued and mail sent to San Jacinto.
The groF? receipts of the postofflce at
San Francisco for August were $95,614, as
against SM.110 in August. 1S9H.
Pensions issued to-day: California—Orig
inal—Charles Foust. Los Angeles, $S.
Additional— Samuel A. McCurdj", Soldiers'
Home. Los Angeles, JS. Restorations and
reissue — Anson L. Munson, dead, Selma,
$6. Increase— John R. Eschenburg, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles. $12; James \V.
McFarland, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$12: James A. Walker. Arcata. $12; Carey
K. Smith, Santa Ana, $S. Original widows
—Margaret S. Munson, Selma, $S; Ellen
Coptello. San Francisco, $6. War with
Spain— John J. Ryan.- Santa Ana, $12.
Oregon — Original — John W. Antrim,
Woodstock. $6.
Washington— Original— Henry B. Grif
fith, Waterville. $6; Vincent T. Covec. Ta
coma. ?6. . Reissue — Edward K. Hanson,
Touchet, $17.
Patents issued to-day: California— Hans
C. Behr, San Francisco, assignor to. Fra
ser & Chalmers, Chicago, hoisting ap
paratus; Euzbe P. Conture, Gualala, ro
tary engine; Harry Eastwood. Fresno,
raisin cleaner and cap stemmer; August
Getz and W.- C. Westall, San Francisco,
hand Tip for handle bars; Benjamin
Hoit. Stockton, traveling harvester;
George W. Kellogg. Bakersfield, tool for
perforating pipes; \V. M. Lacy, Los An
geles, coated metal pipe; William Mc-
Call. San Francisco, metal lath attach
ment and support; Alexander W. Mc-
Gahan. Los Gatos, water closet tank;
Christopher S. Watson, Riverside, cement
curb mold; Claude H. Williams, San
Francisco, assignor of one-half to W. G.
Jo.inson, Ben Lomond, gate; John M.
\\ olbrecht, Los Angeles, pneumatic tired
wheel.
Washington— Elmer F. Cassell. Seattle,
cipher code system, also cipher code;
Gustoff F. Helps, Everett, copy holder;
Marcus C Patrick, assignor of one-half
to J. W. Howie, Seattle, lock and latch
combined.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
T. J. Cror.in'5 younp hound Vandal cap
tured the ppocial holiday stake at Union
Park yesterday. In winning' this event
Vandal partly atoned for the upset he
gave the talent last Saturday. In the
FUtority the youngster was rated among
the top-notchcrs und was held at the stiff
price of 3 to 1 in the long odds books. He
¦was drawn against Reilly's IZarly Dawn
cjid was rcade a pronounced favorite in
the course at S to 1. with a heavy back
iiigr. But he lost and the sympathy of
evt-n the winners were with Cronin.
Things were different yesterday, for
Vandal went at the game ar.d beat every
thing in fljiht.
Silver Win^s landed In second place by
P-...U itolr. PCi • ••• .--¦
short ordpr nnfi were in contrast to the
general rur.nir.g of the entries:
The hares cere a sure enough fast lot
and in two-thirds of the goes in the run
down beat the hounds to the escapes and
in many instances got away after three
or four, points had been scored.
In the course between Onward and EP'TO
in the fourth round one of the jacks
furnished goinp and excitement piwu»,.i
for half a dozen courses. Slim lost sight
of the hare as be was slipped and Onward
went it alone. The best part of the work
was done in front of the grandstand and
ithe hare worked his pursuer tantalizingiy.
Onward scored 14 points before Slim
Joined in and then showed his fast, game
work by piling up S to his opponent's 5.
Two relif f dogs were turned loos=e and the
trainers tried to corner the hare, but H
W2S too full of tricks and turns. It finally
pasred Onward, who was almost at a
standstill and was snappeu up.
The work j»ut Onward out of the run
ning, otherwise he mipht have landed a
rnt or two closer to the money. The
and out Slim surprised everybody by
his true- iuni:lng. Backed to win or lose
a.t any odds the hound is likely to throw
the course. "With everytriinjr in his favor
Fhm will hesitate and allow any old op
ponent to boat him when 1;^ has the jrame
his own way.
The best short ends v.-cre: Cruiser beat
Johnnie R 3 to 1 : Motto beat Head-water
2 to I, Onward lxat May Hempstead 7 to
2. Santonin i> to 2 . Forget 5 to 4 ar:d Slim
2 in 1: Slim boat Controller 3 to J. Vandal
beat Bor-a. P'ide 5 to 3. Silver Wings beat
Twin flty OJirl 2 to 1. The latter gTey
hound did good coursing uil through the
Tho day's result?, with Judge Grace's
official scores. follow-
Midweek *tak*. firet round— J. J. Kenny's
Hot Haste a i>vp; D. To!«n<I"B Tvrtiig-tn Jr.
beat R. L. Taylor 1 ! Beauty Fprt, 18-4: J. H.
W. UoIIer'l Cruller brct T. J. toeln<«rn<»y > «
.T'hanie R. 4-Z; Curtis & Scr.'« War liable beat
W. Cairnes' Imperial. 12-7; I). Toland's Pleas
ant Girl lx>ct Curtis & Sun's Old Ulory 16-1-
F. A. ilcCornh s I.titl* ?ist»n boat D. E.
UHey*t liurkles, 16-0: Storl i* wLr.owles' O'.ita
beat Curtis & HorTs Cavalier, lT-3; B. Hamiy'i
Twin City Girl l^Pt J. P. Thrifts St. Michael.
7-1; Path* Kennels' Itrcordtne- Angel beat Ii
M. Kfil>SK's lona Maid. S-3; F. A. McCorab't
Motto boat P. M. Oarkson'« Headwater. 7-2;
E. M. K'llofTs'F Iowa Boy b?nt H. R. Leonard's
Half Moon. :«-!: Bute Kcnr.c'.s' Roliickins Airs
!¦¦ ; : Curtis 4- Boffa \Vai-jvith C-4- J L. Fto«E 
TVild Wave boat R. U. <!<_• 15. I^ojvz's Sweet
neei>. 10-2; P. J. Keil;y's Plovrboy beat W. C.
Q]*M0n*a ElelRh B»l!«, 5-3; Hrwln & Lyons'
Silver V.'lngs beat Apr.eid Kennels" Athena, 3-1:
J. L. Ross' J L H beat Aenrld K»nn»>ls' Aeneas
S-2; W. C. Gla«iKcn"s Fartonin beat J. rI
Hmlth'x Victor Queen. Z-2; YV. Creamer's On
ward b*at l'avha Kfnnels' May Hempstead.
S-2; R. E. Ct n. Lodz's Sara beat A. John
»on'fi Mountain Bonuty. 15-5; J. P. Thrift's
Vorcct beat T. Cooney'e Modesty. 14-4: M.
Dur.lra's JCrin bf'at It. n. <3e n. Lojwx's Dairy
Maid. f~4; D. K. Wiley's High Bom Ladv
l-eat P. J. ReiUy*« Honesty. 10-2; Jeff
Martecett's Slim boat J. II. Peripo's Con
troller, 7-1: P. Broi.hy's Wee Wave a bye:
1-. F". nartefn Beer Br«-wor a bye; Curtis &
Fon'B Vanity Fa'.r a bye: T. J. Cronln's Vandal
bent A. Jsrk!*C!l's GoUSea Kussett, 4-0; T.. J.
Mclncrnry's Tommy Rex beat \V. J. Brown
ing's Mountain IVllo. C-0: Curtis & Son's Mc-
Klnley beat P. f-iebcnlicfrs Veto. 9-7: F. A.
JlrCombs I'atrt-t beat I'asha Kennels' Ilan
<!oni Aim. 5-C; 1". Jones' \V>«Jir«-woocI beat T.
M. Bartel's Betsy Barrow. 10-4; J. Horn's Bona
Fide- beat Pasha Kernels' Hound About, 6-3.
Second round— Hot Ha5tc beat Twllifrht Jr..
S-i: War Easie beat Cruiser. €-2: Pleasant
Girl beat Little Si«er. 7-1: Twin City Girl
beat OlSta. 10-2; Recording Angel beat Motto.
11-*; Rollicirtr.E Airs beat Iowa Boy. 18-5;
Plough Boy brat Wild Wave. 2-2; Silver Wings
beat J T- It. 3-2; Onward boat Santonin, 14-S:
Forret \x-n.i Para.. 9-7: Erin beat High Born
I-ady. 4-0; Slim beat Wee Waves, 23-S; Vandal
beat Beer Breww, 6-4; Tommy Rrx a byo; Pa
triot beat McKlnley, 2-0; Bona Fide beat
VcdffewowJ, R-S.
Third round— Hot Ha»t> beat War Eas-le.
«-<•>; Twin City Girl beat Pleasant Girl. 5-2: He
cordlng- Angfl brat Plouph - Doy, 7-2; Silver
Wines beat Rollicking Airs, 6-1: Onward beat
Forget, 0-3; Slim beat Erin. 3-2; Vandal beat
Tommy Rex. »-«; Bona Fide beat Patriot, 14-S.
Fourth round— Twin Cltjr Girl beat Hot
Haste, »-5; Silver Winss beat Recording An-
Hares Bun Strong and in Many of
the Courses Outfoot the
Hounds to the
Escapes.
Beats Silver Wings Handily
in the Final Round of
the Stake.
SWIFT VANDAL
CAPTURES THE
HOLIDAY EVENT
grl. 2-1: Onward beat Slim, 8-5; Vandal beat
Bona Fide, 5-3.
Fifth round— Silver Wings boat Twin City
Girl. C-5; Vandal a bye.
Deciding course—Vandal beat Silver Wings,
2-1.
LONDON, Sept. 11.— The Earl Fruit Co. sold
California fruit at auction to-day and realized
the followins prices:
' Pears— Bartletts, two-fifths boxes, Jl 2S#1 3S;
Beurre Hardy, two-fifths boxes, 96c@$l CS;
De Cornice, two-fifths boxes. Jl 20<gl 36; Duch
esse. two- fifths boxes. 84@96c: Howell. two
fifths boxes, 72fS4c; Louis- Bonde. two-fifths
boxes, $1 26; Eureka, two-fifths boxes, $1 2<5: Su
perb, two-fifths boxes. Jl CS. Plums— Golden
Drop, single crates. S4c@« 56; Kelsey Japans,
single crates. SI 26^2 04; Diamonds. single
crates. 78c. Prunes— Gros. single crates. $1 08.
NEW TORK, Sept. 11.— The Earl Fruit Co.
realized the following prices for California fruit
sold at auction to-day:
Grapes— Tokays, single crates, 70ctj$l 55, aver
age $1 09: Malagas, single crates, gocgl 53. aver
age Jl 09. Pears— Bartletts. boxes. Jl 20<t 2 25.
average 2 15; Bartletts, half boxes, 6ocS$l 20.
average 96c. Peaches— Salways. boxes. 30<{?50c,
average 32c. Prunes — Germans, single crates. 70
<575c. average 72c; Silver, single crates, 45/gSOc
average 64c.
Sixteen cars sold to-day. Weather very hot.
BOSTOX. Sept. 11.— The Karl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the following prices: Grapes — Tokays, single
crates, average, Jl 30. Pears — Bartletts. boxes,
$1(82 10. average ?1 43: Bartletts. half boxes,
70cff$l 03. average Jl. Peaches— Salways, boxes.
50'ii75c. average 6oc: George's Late, boxes. 40<3
6oc. average 53c; Levl Cling, boxes. 5<y39Oc,
average 7Sc. Prunes— Gros, single crates, aver
aee 9<)c. Five cars sold to-day.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 11.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Pears — Bart
letts, boxes. $1 2301 75, average Jl 40. Peaches —
Picquet's Late, boxes, average Kc. Plums—
Kelsey Japans, single crates, average 65c.
Prunes— Gros, single crates, SocfTJl. average
S9c: Germans, single crates, 60®63c, average 64c.
One car sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Sept. II.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sales of California fruit: Pears—Bart
letts. 75cf?Jl S5 box; Howell. Jl 50<92; Beaurre
Hardy. Jl SO^l 70. Peaches— Salways. 43<e6.'c
box. Plums — -GoMen. 23t?35c single crates: Ick
worth. K'gjOc. . Prunes — Germans, 43@70c single
crates; Italians, average 70c; Hungarians, 50
©S3c.
Porter Bros." Company sales: Grapes^ — As
sorted, $1 3T>®1 45 single crates: Tokays. 93c^
Jl 35; Clusters, Jl 25®1 40; Muscats, S5c@Jl 35.
New York Cotton Market.
XEW TORK, Sept. 11.— There was a marked
change in the order of things on the New York
Cotton Exchange to-day. While early opera
tions and fluctuations partook greatly of yes
terday's sensational developments, there was a
quick return to normal conditions In nearly all
respects. The pronounced strength of this mar
ket last night gave European bears another
twinge of fright, which resulted In a skyrocket
rise of 12 to 13 points In Liverpool soon after the
opening. New Tork shorts also m*de a wild
drive for safer ground on the opening here, but
before their demands could be appeased prices
climbed 9 to 15 points. There came a smash of
16 to 20 points under a dash of the public for
: the profits which had accrued during the late
bulge. With the collapse came the passing off
of the bull fever and a return of careful trad-
Ing. Thereafter changes were comparatively
¦ narrow and speculation failed to reach anything
like the volume recorded yesterday. The gallery
was packed with expectant onlookers before the
opening and the pit below was the object of
special Interest to visitors. Reports that Euro
pean shorts had effected a long sought for set
tlement took the snap out of the bull trading In
Liverpool as well as here. The claim was also
made that the damage to cotton in Galveston
had been exaggerated.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Sept. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4o00
h«ad. including 2100 Westerns and 1000 Texans;
generally steady. Natives, good to prime steers
J5 60Sfi; r*oor. to medium, J4 50<t?5 50; selected
feeders, steady at *4f?4 73; mixed Mockers, weak
at ?3'i3 SO; cows. J2 73(??4 i.O: heifers. I3fj5: can
ners. ~J2«i2 73: bulls. $2 "(Hi 50; calves. Soft S 75:
Texas fed »te»rs. $4 25@5; grassers. J3 25W4 20:
bull*. $2 5CXS3 40.
HOGS— Receipts. 1S.0OO head; to-morrow, 27.
0G0; left over. 40CO. Top. $3 63; mixed and
butchers'. $5 13/fi5 60; good to choice heavy.
$5 20<f?5 52*4: rough heavy. J5>S5 15; light. J5 25
®. r . C5: bulk of sales. ?3 23*?5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts. 14.000 head; sheep and
lambs active, stronger. Good to choice weth
ers $3 65@3 95; fair tf> choice mixed. $3 33@
3 6J: Western sheep. $3 65fy"3 93: Texas shesp.
$2 50<g3 25: native lambs, J4 io<gt 73; Western
Nav York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Sept. 11.— Metals ruled . very
quiet all day. with only a little business doing.
PIGIRON— warrants were dull, being quoted
at J3 37%®10 37U.
TIN— In London declined 7s 6d and served to
give a weak undertone here, together with the
slack demand, closing 23 points below last night
at J30 nominal.
COPPER— Was dull and unchanged at $18 73.
despite an advance of 7s 6d abroad.
•Lead ruled dull at $4 37^ 'and spelter had an
easier undertone, but was not quotsibly lower
at \\ 07H < 84 124- The brokers* price for lead
was $4 and for copper JIG 87>4.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. n.-Clearlnss. J«3,
2S0; balances. $143,917.
Northern Wheat Market. %
PORTLAND. Sept. 11.— The wheat market Is
steady In spite of the increase In the rates
demanded by . ship owners and 57c . was paid
to-day for Walla Walla, with Valley and Blue
stem steady at »ig60c. There was a falrly
heavy selling movement.
V.'ASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 11.— Wheat, quiet and un
changed. Bluestem. S5c; Club, Kc.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Sept. 11.— Consols. 93; sliver,
28 13-16d; French rentes, lOlf 22«ic: cargoes on
passage, firm, but not active: cargoes No. 1
standard California. Sis; cargoes Walla Walla.
29s 9d; English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Sept H.— Wheat, firm;* Xo. 1
standard California. Cs 4UdQ'6s ud; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm; weather In
Cr.gland. fair, but cold.
COTTON— Uplands, 7>id.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 11.— WHEAT— Spot, firm;
No. 2 r^il Western winter. 6s; No. 1 Northern
spring. Cs 3U: No. 1 Califorria, ««• Vi.iy*, ; f i_
Futures, quiet; September. 6s Hd; December,
6s 2%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new. is 6Vid;
do old, nominal. Futures, quiet: October. 4s
2%d;. November. 4s T-fcd; December. 4s 2&d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days.
TO SAIL.
The pressure has risen slowly over Northern
California. It has fallen over Washington and
Northern Oregon.
The temperature has risen from 6 to 10 de
grees over Central California and Northern
Nevada. In the great valleys of California
the temperatures are from 8 to 15 degrees be
low the normal.
The weather continues unfavorable for pick
ing grapes and making raisins.
Rain has fallen In the vicinity of San Fran
cisco.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. September 12. 1900:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled weath
er "Wednesday, with rain in northern and cen
tral portion; light southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
westerly wine's.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday.
Utah— Cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
day; light rain: light southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
V Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
(120th Meridian— Pacific) Time.)
.. SAX FRAXCISCO, Sept. 11—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62 1 Independence 76
Mount Tamalpals 59 Sacramento 74
Los Angeles 74 San Luis Obispo —
Red Bluff 72!San Diego 68
Fresno St)'
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; mlnimufn, 56; mean. 61.
WEATHER COXDITIOXS AXD GENERAL
Weather Report.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
TO ARRIVE
ket advanced moderately early, but eased off
lately. The cash demand apparently showed
no weakening and shorts covered the fore part
of the cession. Later packers sold and a re
action took place. October pork closed a shade
bipher. and lard and ribs each 2>, 2 c higher.
The leadine futures ranged as follows.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 sprlnp wheat c .- No : ni :
red. 76c; Xo. 2 corn. WfWciJSo. 2 yellow 404
®41c- No. 2 oats, :2S22Vic; No. 2 white, MHO
25c; Xo 3 white. 231/251/4c Xo. 2 rye. U%e|
pood feeding barley. 3S«?39Hc: fair to choice
malting. AfiWG^c: No. 1 Haxseed. Jl *W*j,*Y*«
Xorthwestern. $1 4&U; prime timothy seed. W30
@4 35; mess pork, per barrel. SU 4;>«U *0; lard
per 100 pounds. $6 KQt 87^: short rtbsrMes
(loose) 57 C0@7 SO; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
S^-J/O^c- short clear sidPS (boxed). $. Sofi^ 0»:
whisky, 'basis of high wines. Jl 26: sugar, un
changed ; clover, contract grade. $9 u0j<3 w.'.
Articles— Receipts. EWpmeDU.
Flour, barrels 23.C0H ,"?^
Wheat, bushels 423.000 193.000
Corn, bushels 494.000 363.0^0
Oats, bushels ia«00 123,000
Rye. bushels 8.000 "YZZ
Barley, bushels 80.000 «.0w
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but
ter market was easy; creamery, 18H'320 1 jc;
dairy. 14@lSc. Cheese, firm; lO^fllHc. Eggs,
steady; fresh. lJf^lJVac.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Sept. 11.— Special telegraphic
dispatches to Bradstreet's show the following
changes in available supplies as compared with
last account:
TVheat. United States and Canada, eaat of
Rocky Mountains, increased S,7C3,CCO: afloat for
and in Europe, decreased 300,000; total supply
Increased 2.463.C00.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decreased 13,000.
Oats. United States and Canada, east of Rock
ies, decreased 23,000.
Stocks of wheat at Portland. Or., and Tacoma
and Seattle Increased 325.000 bushels last week.
Wind Reaches a Velocity of Seventy-
Two Miles an Hour, Doing
Much Damage.
CHICAGO, Sept. 11.— The storm of to
day was one of the severest that has vis
ited Chicago in years. At one time the
wind reached a velocity of seventy-two
miles an hour, and at no time during the
day was the velocity less than fifty miles
an hour. Two people lost their lives aa
a result of the gale and a number were
injured. The damage from broken win
dows, falling signs and trees will run itno
dows. falling signs and trees will run into
JOHN BRAUNf killed by live wire.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN, drowned in lake
by boat capsizing in storm.
TWO KILLED BY A
¦STORM -IN CHICAGO
N'OTF— In the above exposition of th» t!d»*
the »arlv mornintr tides are elven In th« t?ft
hand column and the successive t!<1*« of tho
day In the order nf occurrence as to time. Th->
second time column tfve* th" secontl VA» it
thf day, the thfrd time polnmn the thtrrl tM*
urd the last or rtjrht hand column (fives th->
!n«t t!d» of the dav. *xr»pt when there nr« but
thr"* tides, as wmrtlmM nccurs. The helirhti
s-!v»n ar» In addition t« th* 3cunrtin«rs on th<»
T'nited Ftates Const Surrey charts. »xeert
wb*n » minus aim f— 1 precedes th» hsi<ht.
i> nd then the number r'.ven Is subtracted from
the <1»r>th rlvrn by th* chart.". Tho plan* of
referenc* Is th<« mean nf th<» lcvw#r low trTt»r«.
United States Coast and Oortetto Survey—
Times and Heights of Hisrh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE- The hitch and low waters occur at
the city frcr.t (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the «ame at both placet.
PUGILISM IN
NEW YORK HAS
BEEN KILLED
Says the Charges Made by Mrs. Selby
and Mrs. Corbett Have J>e
stroyed Confidence
Manager of Twentieth Cen
tury Club So Expresses
Himself.
No one in New York is more distressed
than James Kennedy, manager of
the Twentlch Century Athletic Club.
He announces his belief that the
fight was honestly conducted and
adds that if there were any pre
arrangements they were without his
knowledge. Mr. Kennedy is of opinion
that the theories that have followed the
disappearance of Corbett have made it im
possible for fighting to be resumed here.
Tom O'Rourke is thoroughly convinced
that the contest between Corbett and Mc-
Coy was dishonest, although he will not
say so for publication. To his friends
O'Rourke has not hesitated to say that
McCov ¦was not knocked out.
"Now that remark shows conclusively
that at that time Mrs. Corbett knew of no
deal for McCoy to lose. She thought that
fight was to be on its merits and in her
anger at her husband she hoped he would
be defeated. I have known Corbett and
his wife for many years and I know he
has been at all times infatuated with her.
The only reason he went to Europe was
that he thought it best they should separ
ate."
John Considine, Corbett's business part
ner and manager, was greatly disturbed
by the charges of fraud made by Mrs.
Corbett and Mrs. Selby. "Corbett," said
Considine. "had a conference with his wife
just before he started for Madison Square
Garden for his contest with McCoy. They
quarreled and the woman's last words to
her husband were:
X 'Jim. I hope McCoy will knock your
head off to-night.'
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— More consterna
tion and real surprise was caused to manj r
among those interested in pugilism by the
revelations in connection with the recent
Corbett-McCoy fight made by the wives
of the two pugilists. So many had con
vinced themselves that the contest was
not won and lost on its merits that the
disclosures in the affidavits made by tho
two women in their application for di
vorce were somewhat discounted, but it
had been hoped by those who have most
at stake In a financial way that the scan
dal would be hushed up. It is now admit
ted thai the course taken by Mrs. Corbett
and Mrs. Selby has done a great damage
to pugilism. Mrs. Corbett said to-day lo
a Call representative she could furnish
proof of many charges she has made
against her husband. ,
'"I can display a check that was paid,
which I drew for Jim when he wanted
$10,000 to place in Burke's hands," said
Mrs. Corbett. "That $10,000 was returned
to me after the fight. I will also show a
check for $2000 which I. drew in favor of
McVey after the Sharkey-Corbett fight.
It will be remembered McVey Jumped into
the ring and In consequence John Kelly
awarded the contest to Sharkey. McVey
was well paid for his interference, lt being
well advertised in advance how that light
was to result."
Special Dispatch to The, Call
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 11.— Rev. R. L. McHat
ton. pastor of the local Christian church, left
to-day for Kansas City to attend the national
convention of Christian churches, to which he
is a delegate. While East he will lecture on
California In different States, the lecture to
be illustrated by stereoptlcon views.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 11.— Overland traffic
on both the f-'outhern Pacific and Santa Fe,
which had been impeded by washouts for sev
eral «lays ts resuming normal conditions. Wash
outs have bfpn prevailing between Albuquerque
and Las Vesns.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 11— Mrs. Elizabeth
Hlghcamp, who received fatal burns yesterday
while attempting to remove a cooking utensil
from a gasoline stove, died last night. She was
the mother of five small children, and her
husband Is an invalid.
RENO, New, Sept. 11.— A wreck on the Ne
vada, California and Oregon extension yester
day derailed fifteen cars of beef cattle, re
fluclng the cars to kindling wood and killing
twenty h«>ad of fat steers.
SALINAS, Sept. 1L — The new , Republican
County Central Committee has completed its
organization by electing G. A. Daugherty as
chairman. S.' B. Westlake as secretary and J.
R. Hebbron as treasurer..
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 11.— Hugh Tevis of San
Francisco has purchased some land at Ben
Lomond. He Intends building a summer home
there.
MODESTO, Sept. 11.— Last night, while the
night telegraph operator was at lunch, the
railroad depot at Modesto was burglarized
Twenty dollars were taken from the till.
SALINAS, Sept. 11.— Troop E, National Guard
California, has . returned from several days'
march duty.
COAST MEWS IN BRIEF.
American Cotton Oil prefd SS [
'.. American Malting -IVi
American Malting prefd.. -3
500 American Smelting and Reflnins:.... 36V4
....... Am. Smelting and Refining prefd.... 89V»
American Spirits 1 !
American Spirits prefd 17 ;
American Steel Hoop 19U
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 664
2,080 American Steel and Wire 36» 8
225 American Steel and Wire prefd 7<T»
500 American Tin Plate 27V*
250 American Tin Plate prefd. .„ 80
2,600 American Tobacco S3Vs
American Tobacco prefd 12S
410 Anaconda Mining Co -^ «%
12,800 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 55
400 Colorado Fuel and Iron 3.V«i
1.9C0 Continental Tobacco 26
212 Continental Tobacco prefd 7S
660 Federal Steel 34'*.
3S2 Federal Steel prefd «"
600 General Electric 139H
250 Glucose Sugar 50^
Glucose Susar prefd 99}*
750 International Paper 9?i
200 International Paper prefd 66
Lacledo Gas 73
200 National RIscutt 33Vi
100. National Biscuit rrefd 83
118 National Lead 17"»
National Lead prefd 90
....... National Steel 25\4
100 National Steel prefd 83'*
100 New York Air Brake 130
North American 13
Pacific Coa?t 57
Pacific Coast let prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 6i%
575 Pacific Malt 31
12,770 People's Gas 90%
Sffl Pressed Steel Car 39
125 Pressed Steel Car prefd 71V4
Pullman Palace Car 187
Standard Rope and Twine "Vi,
12,300 Sugar 119%
100 Sugar prefd 11"
1,135 Tenn Coal and Iron 69T4
1,805 United States Leather ll'i
450 United States Leather prefd 70Vi
100 United States Rubber 29
United States Rubber prefd 92
Western Union "9%
460 Republic Iron and Steel 12*4
610 Republic Iron and Steel prefd 53*i
P C C and St Louis M
144,200 Total Bales.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref. when I Do 4s 92
issued, reg 103*41 N T C lsts 10S^
Do coupon 104V4|N' J C gen 6s 123
U S 3s reg 109H N Pacific 3s 65^4
Do 3s coupon 109H Do 4s 104Va
Do new 4s reg 134 N Y C & St L. 4s. .107
Do new 4s coup. .134 N & W con 4s 9~%
Do old 4s reg 114% Or Nav lsts 10!>
Do old 4s coup.. .115%! Do 4s 102*4
Do 5s reg 113 Or Short Line 6s. .126%
Do 5s coupon 113 Do con 5s 113^4
Diet of Col 3.65s... 122 Reading gen 4s 8S
Atchison gen 4s. ...1014 ROW lsts 9$ii
Do adj 4s S5%lSt L & I M con os.imi
Canada So 2ds 106>,siSt L & S F gen 6S.123M.
Ches & Ohio 4^s... 98Vi!St Paul cons 16SVi
Do 5s U9Vt St P C & P lsts US
Chi & N con 7s. ...140 Do 5s 119
Do S F deb 5s. ...119 S Pacific 4s 98%
Chicago term 4s.... 92 S Railway 5s 108%
Colorado So 4s 82 Stand R & T 6s... 674
D & R G lsts 102% Tex & Pac lsts 112V*
Do 4s 9S Do 2ds 65
Erie gen 4s 69% U Pacific 4s 105»i
F W & D C lsts... 74V4 Wabaph lsts 1174
Gen Electric 6s. ...119 Do 2ds 103Va
Iowa Cent lsts 113 West Shore 4s 1124
L & N unl 4s 99% Wise Cent lsts S74
M K & T 2ds 67 Va Centuries 89?*
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar IS Ontario 6 CO
Crown Point 11 Ophlr ...-. 44
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 34 Do prefd 6 50
Hftle & Norcross... 22 Sierra Nevada 30
Homestake 50 00 1 Standard 4 00
Iron Silver 62 • Union Con 16
Mexican 24IYellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 934
Call loans 2@3 Westinghse Elec... 4SU
Time loans 304V4 Bonds-
Stocks — Atchison 4s 99%
Atch T & St Fe... 284 Mining Shares-
Do prefd 10% Adventure 4U
American Sugar... 1194 Allouez Mln Co.... 1%
Do prefd 116 Amalg Copper 88
Bell Telephone 142 Atlantic 234
Boston Elevated.. .US4 Boston & Mont 320
Boston & Maine... 1SS Butte & Boston.... 62
Chi B & Q 125% Calu.met & Hecla..740
Dominion Coal 41 Centennial 16
Federal Steel 35 Franklin 14*4
Do prefd 67 Humboldt 25
Gen Electric 139Vi lOsceola 6S
Do prefd 1394 Parrot 42
Ed Elec 111 210 Qulncy 145
Mexican Central... ll'i Sta Fe Copper 4V4
N E Gas & Coke... 124 Tamarack 221
Old Dominion 18 Utah Mining 31U
Rubber 29 Wlnona 2%
Union Pacific 57%' Wolverines ........ 424
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The tone In the markets here to-day was bright
and business was brisker than lt has been,
the new activity, however, being mainly con
fined to the mining demand. Dealers think
that the general situation Is much clearer and
they expect the public to come into the mar
ket very soon. Americans opened above parity
and closed at the best, stimulated by New York
EUDOort. Comparatively little Interest was
shown In the results of the. coming election, the
success of McKlnley being- now looked upon
as a foregone conclusion. Copper share* were
very strong, tintos touching 59T6 on Paris buy
lnsr. Money and discounts were stationary.
CLOSING.
Consols, 9S 13-16; Atchison, 2S%: Canadian
Pacific 92%; Union Pacific preferred. 76U;
Northern Pacific preferred. 73%: Grand Trunk.
6%: Anaconda. 9V1: Rands. 41%: bar silver.
2S 13-lGd; money. 2H per cent.
Nkv York Money Market.
NEW TORK, Sept. 11. — Money on call, steady
at 1%@2 per cent; last loan, 1V4 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4fl5Vi per cent. Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business In banksrs'
bills at ft 86 v« for demand and $4 83% for 60
days: posted rates, $4 S4®4 S3 and $4 87H@4 8SH;
commercial bills, $4 82V4S4 S3. Silver certifi
cates, 62Hf C3Uc Bar silver, 62V»c. Mextcan
dollars. 49Uc. Government bonds, strong; State
bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
Condition of the, Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $133,673,493; gold. $70,091,720.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 11.— The United
States transport Lenox arrived to-day
from Taku. China. The Lenox will re
turn to the Orient in a few days with 400
horses for the army.
BERLIN. Sept. 11. — It is learned at the
British Embassy here that Li Hung
Chang, having been directed by the Em
peror of China to proceed Immediately to
Peking and oo-operate with Prince Ching
toward a settlement of all the difficulties
with the powers, has applied through the
Chinese Embassadors at the various capi
tals for a guarantee from the powers for
a safe conduct at sra and on land on his
way to Peking for the beginning of the
negotiations. His application, it is added,
has not yet been answered.
Diplomatic circles in London are inclined
to believe that this step will lead to simi
lar action on the part of the United States
and Japan, and that while Germany may
hold cut until Field Marshal Count von
Waldersee arrives in China, she will ulti
mately acquiesce, leaving Great Britain
little choice but to follow suit.
and Linevltfh, to take measures to with
draw the legations and military contin
gents of both countries to Tientsin imme
diately if circumstances pe-rmlt.
¦nilitary exigency. American troops have
orders to protect life and property of non
combatants in American southeast quar
ter of the city assigned them. Will for
ward reports commanders of American
guards in city. COOLIDGE."
LONDON. Sept. 11.— A dispatch to a
news agency from Nagasaki. Japan, says
it is reported there that tne Dowager
Empress of China has been captured by
the Russians at Johol.
A special dispatch from Rome says the
Italian cabinot'has decided to initiate Im
mediately negotiations with China. It will
formulate demands for an indemnity and
If they are accepted Italian intervention
will be considered terminated and no pro
posals tending; to further warfare In China
will be considered.
" France Will "Withdraw.
France has formally adhered to the
Russian proposal to withdraw from Pe
king to Tientsin. It !s stated on unques
tionable authority that telegraphic in
structions were sent from Paris and St.
Petersburg to M. Pichon and M. de Giers.
respectively th« Ministers of France and
Russia at "Peking, directing both Minis
ters, in conjunction with Generals Frey
Italy and France Agreed, and lit Is
Belkved Germany Must U3=
timately Do So.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 11.— From
the formal statement given out
to-Jay it appears ,tnat tho
State Department is not yet
ready to b<;rin direct negotia
tions with U Hung Chang. It does not
question his credentials as a nler.ipoien
tJary. but simply leaves the matter iti
abeyance. Probably th;s is because ail of
the powers have not returned their re
sponse. 6 to the Russian note and it is de
sired to avoid the United States being
first among the powers to abandon the
hope of harmonious action and strike for
Itself toward the settlement directly with
Chini. Also. 1: may be deemed well to
wait to hear from Mr. Cor.irer. who sev
eral days affo was invited to express his
opinion about quitting Peking.
Minister V.'u was twice at the State De
partment to-day. It was understood thru
his first call was in part, at least, to se
cure transportation for Li Hung Chang
from Shanghai to Taku on a United States
vessel. His later call was to receive the
answer of the department to that appli
cation, as well as to the- communication
respecting Lt Hung Chang's functions.
The answer returned by the State Depart
ment to the latter communication, appar
ently made It unnecessary at this time to
pursue the inquiry as to the ship, for if
i--arl Li may not enter into negotiations
nt present there is no occasion to trans
port him to Taku.
No Looting by Americans.
The War Department made public the
following telegram:
•'To Fowier, Chef u: Send following cable
gram to Coolidge, commanding L'niteJ
States forces Tientsin:
" "Reported here extensive looting in
Tientsin. Report Immediately whether
American troops took part. If so, punisii
severely, repress sternly. Abs<;!ute regard
for life and property of non-combatants
enjoined.
•By order of Secretary of War.
"CORBIN."
"CHEFU-Tn Corbin.Washington: Tien
tsin. Aug. 25.— Looting by American troops
walled city. Tientsin, unfounded and de
nied. Silver taken from burned mint un
cer direction Colonel Meade. Marine
Corps, commanding, who was invalided to
day. No property destroyed except under
POWERS WILL SOON
WITHDRAW FROM CHINA
201.000 centals. Including 200.000 American.
Receipts of American corn during the past
three days 63,400 centals.
Weather fine.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1900.
Sun,' Moon and Tide.
Steamer Movements.
California Fruit Sales.
Shipping Intelligence.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce
8
Chicago Groin Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 11.— The fore part of the ses
sion in wheat was rather quiet, but actively
developed' Inter because of export buy inc. Oc
tober opened %(3UC higher at 74V»©74!ic. thus
bejinnlnc an j advance which lasted nearly to
the end. The firmness at the start was due to
strength at Liverpool, email Northwest • re
ceipts and. had westher in the Northwest.
The export demand caurod shorts to cover
rather freely anil under this < pressure " October
advanced steadily to "i$£c. There was proflt
tnklnc at ' the top.- but the. close was .strong.
October , l'.iS'HJf improved at 75Vi©~5V4c.
_~ Corn wa» . flrni' but dull. -Country ofTerlnes
were light and the wheat strength was also a
help. "There was a cood shlpptng business done.
October closed %c higher at 33ff'39Vjc.
Oats were • fairly active and firm. October
closed MCHc hither nt 22c. ¦ - ,
"Provisions were rather lrrecular." The mar-
Articles— Open. High
Wheat Xo. 2-
September 74
October «4** . "^*
November 75 • «5
Corn Xo. 2—
September Wi <£*
October 39 39H
November 36% 38%
Oats No. 2—
September Si's ZJJ*
October ?l a i ££»
November Ktt «*
Mess pork, per barrel—
Peptember •;••
October 1155 1165
January » ?? u 4a
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September ••••
October 6S9& 6 90
January 6 65 6 6TV3
Short ribs, per 10O pounds-
September 7 62H ' 6a
October 7 40 . «
January 6 00 6 to
1.
Low. Close.
73T'» 74*i
74>« 751*
74?i 76
40'i 40'^
36V4 36%
51H 2tn
21% 22
22 . 22H
.... 11 37<4
11 47V4 11 47'i
11 35 .11 3T>3
.... esT'i
6 S3 6 S7Va
6 C5 6 63
7 60 7 €9
7 40 7 «
6 (X) 6 C2Yt
¦weJdnesdat.
. SKPTEME
BER
. 12.
Sun rises
.'.
Sun set3
Moon rises
3Ga
O ITlme! [Time!
g. I 1 Ft. j
Time I
i Ft - :
- ' I
Kt. !•
I
ITlrt
m
el
i
rt.
| I l_
12 ...I l:«l 4.9' «:"i
IS ...I 2:511 4. SI 7:411
14 ...I 4:-v.l 4.2! 8:33!
15 .. I r>:ir»l 4.11 !»:«'
!5 ...f •:»! 4.2! tl:««l
I 2.01 l:2«i
I 2.5! T.«\
! S.Ol 3:0SI
I 3.2' 4:<W!
I 3.3! B:<*l
S.7I
R.fit
5.KI
5.4'
5.21
I 7:;
! »:i
! in:
! 11:
I
8J
II
SI
'"|L W! ?H TV!
|V. «J1j TV!
!H 1
f? ! n-r>i ft »! T:3RI
I 4.4! 12:30!
3.2*
1 1
17 ...I n:.xr' ".3! «:j»i
17 ...I 0:32! 9.2J 7:3*:!
i *_..•¦¦¦
I 4.4! t2:3n>
3.2!
u
Steamer.
I From.
i
n>».
U'arrteld
Xfwhurir
..'Oyster Harbor
. .'Grays Harbor
'Sc;
— ISei
Mackinaw
San Mateo ...
Lakms
Del Norte
Columbia
fr.nta Rosa
San Juan
Pomona
Point Arena...
Crescent City..
Coos Bay
X'rrv.n Maru.
Walla TValla .
Tltanta
..!P>attIe
. . [Nanatmo
..Seattle
..iPortlar.fl
. . ! Portland
.JPan Pl'fco
..I Panama
.JHumbol.1t
..(Point Arena
. ICreacent City
. . IN'fwport
..(China and Japan
.. I Victoria
. . i Xanalmo
....ISei:
tSej
....|Sep
IP-P
[Per
ISpr
an
ISet
.J...ISei:
ISer
S«i
Empire
.JCoos Bay
Cnrnna.
..ISan D1«rn
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
North Fork'.Humboldt —
Arcata j Coos Bay
Bonlta [Newport
Kureka ...JHumboUlt.. ..
City PueblalVlc & Vgt Sd
Santa Kosa'San Dle«o —
Columbia ..! Portia rid
..!Pep.
.'Sep.
.. ISep.
..ISep.
1.1 Sep.
..;sop.
..ISep.
.11 Si
. 12. 12
.12. » i
. IS, in j
. 13. H i
. 14. 11 i
. 15. 11 i
am 1
2 rn;
am
am
am'
am
am'
i|Pler 1
ip Pier 1
¦Pier 1
I'Pler
i, Pier 1
ilPier J
2
13
U
0
%
n
Doric IChina A.Tapar
n'Sep
IS. li
IPMSS
Del Norte.. 'Portland ,
Newbur* ..'Orays Harboi
Coon Bay. .! Newport
:.J8«p.
r Sep.
..'por>.
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
North Fork'.Humboldt —
Arcata j Coos Bay
Bonlta [Newport
Kureka ...JHumboUlt.. ..
City PueblalVlc & Vgt Sd
Santa Kosa'San Dle«o —
Columbia ..! Portia rid
..!Pep.
.'Sep.
.. ISep.
..ISep.
1.1 Sep.
..;sop.
..ISep.
.11 Si
. 12. 12
.12. » i
. IS, in j
. 13. H i
. 14. 11 i
. 15. 11 i
am 1
2 rn;
am
am
am'
am
am'
i|Pler 1
ip Pier 1
¦Pier 1
I'Pler
i, Pier 1
ilPier J
2
13
U
0
%
n
Doric IChina A.Tapar
n'Sep
IS. li
IPMSS
Del Norte.. 'Portland ,
Newbur* ..'Orays Harboi
Coon Bay. .! Newport
:.J8«p.
r Sep.
..'por>.
Steamer.
I From.
i
n>».
U'arrteld
Xfwhurir
..'Oyster Harbor
. .'Grays Harbor
'Sc;
— ISei
Mackinaw
San Mateo ...
Lakms
Del Norte
Columbia
fr.nta Rosa
San Juan
Pomona
Point Arena...
Crescent City..
Coos Bay
X'rrv.n Maru.
Walla TValla .
Tltanta
..!P>attIe
. . [Nanatmo
..Seattle
..iPortlar.fl
. . ! Portland
.JPan Pl'fco
..I Panama
.JHumbol.1t
..(Point Arena
. ICreacent City
. . IN'fwport
..(China and Japan
.. I Victoria
. . i Xanalmo
....ISei:
tSej
....|Sep
IP-P
[Per
ISpr
an
ISet
.J...ISei:
ISer
S«i
Empire
.JCoos Bay
Cnrnna.
..ISan D1«rn
Articles— Open. High
Wheat Xo. 2-
September 74
October «4** . "^*
November 75 • «5
Corn Xo. 2—
September Wi <£*
October 39 39H
November 36% 38%
Oats No. 2—
September Si's ZJJ*
October ?l a i ££»
November Ktt «*
Mess pork, per barrel—
Peptember •;••
October 1155 1165
January » ?? u 4a
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September ••••
October 6S9& 6 90
January 6 65 6 6TV3
Short ribs, per 10O pounds-
September 7 62H ' 6a
October 7 40 . «
January 6 00 6 to
1.
Low. Close.
73T'» 74*i
74>« 751*
74?i 76
40'i 40'^
36V4 36%
51H 2tn
21% 22
22 . 22H
.... 11 37<4
11 47V4 11 47'i
11 35 .11 3T>3
.... esT'i
6 S3 6 S7Va
6 C5 6 63
7 60 7 €9
7 40 7 «
6 (X) 6 C2Yt
¦weJdnesdat.
. SKPTEME
BER
. 12.
Sun rises
.'.
Sun set3
Moon rises
3Ga
O ITlme! [Time!
g. I 1 Ft. j
Time I
i Ft - :
- ' I
Kt. !•
I
ITlrt
m
el
i
rt.
| I l_
12 ...I l:«l 4.9' «:"i
IS ...I 2:511 4. SI 7:411
14 ...I 4:-v.l 4.2! 8:33!
15 .. I r>:ir»l 4.11 !»:«'
!5 ...f •:»! 4.2! tl:««l
I 2.01 l:2«i
I 2.5! T.«\
! S.Ol 3:0SI
I 3.2' 4:<W!
I 3.3! B:<*l
S.7I
R.fit
5.KI
5.4'
5.21
I 7:;
! »:i
! in:
! 11:
I
8J
II
SI
'"|L W! ?H TV!
|V. «J1j TV!
!H 1
f? ! n-r>i ft »! T:3RI
I 4.4! 12:30!
3.2*
1 1
17 ...I n:.xr' ".3! «:j»i
17 ...I 0:32! 9.2J 7:3*:!
i *_..•¦¦¦
I 4.4! t2:3n>
3.2!
uVICTORIA. B. C. Sept. .11.— 8. Cunningham,
a. canneryroan who owns the " greater part of
Port Essington," reports. by the steamer Queen
City to-nlBht. to the Provincial police that the
pewtofflce kept by him there has been robbed of
two packs of registered letter mall, containing
over }3000 In cash, checks and drafts.-/.
BERKELEY, Sept. 11.— Robert Welch,
an employe In the local postofflce, and
Miss Lulu Pllcher of Oakland' wlll.be mar
ried to-morrow afternoon at < 3 o'clock at
the residence of the bride's mother, Mrs.
R. W/ Pllcher, 1314 Fifth avenue, East
Oakland. The wedding — «• <be a' very
quiet': home affair. ; " • . » -
Welch-Pilcher Wedding.
BACRA.MENTO, Sept. ll.-Charle« Cody, a
l"»-year-oM boy. met with an accident at the
State Agricultural Pavilion thla afternoon
which will prohably result In his death. Th»
boy In some manner climbed to the Improvised
celling • of a sl<J« *hoir attraction and fell
thrcuKh It to the floor fourteen feet below. He
f-oon became unconscious. Fhyslclann consider
his chance of recover?' doubtful.
Champion Miller Hurt.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Sept. 11.— As a
result of a spill at the Coliseum, board
track to-night Miller, the six-day cham
pion of the world, it is feared, sustained
concussion of the brain, and Archie Me-
Eachern of Canada was. also badly in
jured. :
Rifle Shoot" Near Salinas.
SALINAS, Sept. 11.— In the first annual
shoot of the Swiss Rifle Club Association,
held at Chualar, in this county, G. P. Co
donl of Salinas won the first prize and
Peter Bontadelll of Salinas the " second
prize. The men scored 19 and IS, respec
tively, out of a possible 20.
New Strike in Topkuk Country.
Special Diopateh - to The Call
SEATTLE, Sept. 11.— News 'of a strike.
In the Topkuk country was brought to
this city to-day by the steamer San Pedro
from Nome. The report Is of a find of
twenty-five cents to the pan. As this was
found -.at, three .feet below the surface,
however. It Is taken to mean unusually
good pay at bedrock. The Topkuk strike
Is on Claim No. 3, Swedish Gulch. Just
across the divide at the head of Daniels
Creek. Swedish Gulch Is not much of a
stream, being but three claims long, and
having an outlet In a pot hole. The find
was made August 2S by Charles Gordon,
an old timer in this , country. The
benches have already been staked, tier
above tier.'by-stampeders.
ifornia's Exposition.
Special Dispatch ' to The Call.
GOV. FANCHEB AT THE FAIR.
North Dakota's Executive -Views Cal-
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 11.— The "attend
ance at the State Fair continues to grow
as the season draws to a- close, and to
night at ¦• the ¦pavilion the galleries and
vast central area were well filled with
neople viewing the myriad exhibits and
enioyingtho band-music and the vaude
ville performance. A guest, of the. Agri
cultural Society was^ Governor F. B.
Fancher and wife of North Dakota. The
Governor expressed himself. as deeply Im
pressed with the ¦^position of the State s
products and manufacturers contained in
the pavilion. . To-day was school chil
dren's day at the park and pavilion, and
several thousand of the young people took
advantage of the opportunity to enjoy the
events offered at both places. To-morrow
th«» State Fair Directors will begin the
work of awarding gold medals in the sev
eral departments.
In Japan It Is customary for the bride
to give all her wedding presents ! to her
parents. ¦*>•*'
The gypsies of Hungary are the finest
looking people In Europe. They are very
seldom 111. ¦
The City Teachers' Institute.
OAKU\ND, Sept. 11.— The City Teach
ers' Institute which the Oakland Board
of Education has decided to hold- in ad
dition to the customary County Teachers'
Institute., will meet in the third week of
'October -and continue -for three days. A
series of lectures for the teachers will be
given morning and afternoon on each day.
Church Lectures.
BERKELEY. Sept. 11.— J. N. L« Cor.te
Jr. will lecture on •'Kincs River Canyon"
next Friday evening before the Men's
Club of the First Congregational Church
in the church parlors.
Lectures under the auspices of the
Brotherhood of Andrew and rhllllp will
he delivered at the North Berkeley Con
gregational Church as follows: Friday
evening. September 14. Rev. Oeorjre C. Ad
ams of San Francisco will speak on
"Along the Coast of Alaska"; Friday
evening. October 12. Rev. C. U. Brown of
Oakland will speak on "Constantinople*
and the Turks."
HANDSOME, WATCH GIVEN
TO EMIL NUSBAUMER
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— In recognition o:
his services in the contest for the Repub
lican nomination for Congressman , in this
district. Victor H. Metcalf has presented
Judtre Emil Nusbaumrr. with a handsome
jrold watch and. chain. The timekeeper
Is a remarkable product of the highest;
art In watchmaking. Attached to the
chain is a locket set with diamonds.
Judge Nusbaumer Is proud of the token
of the Congressman's friendship.
WHTTNEYS THE "WTNNEES.
Victorious In the All -Comers' Tennis
Tourney at Del Monte.
Special Plsratch. to The Call.
BET, MOXTR, Sept. 11.- The t.'hitney
brothers won the all comers' tournament
to-day nnd upset the hopes of the "pony
team," Adams and Woihe. In straight peta,
6—3. fi — 1. <r— 3, The match of CJeorfre and
Robert -Whitney vtr. Welh<; and Ad.ims
¦was called at 2:30 p. m. Adams hppan
serving and lost a love game to the Whit
neys. Adams and "Weihe won the next
two games. Then the Whltneys took tho
next two. making It '4 — 2. Welhe and
Adams won the seventh game and the
Whltneys the eighth and ninth, larivinff
them the set, 6—3. The second set wa3
hotly contested from start to finish. In
the third and last set Adams and Weihe
took the load from the start, only to lose
It lm the fifth game. At the end 'of the
sixth It was 3— all. The Whltneys won
the next three games and set, S — 3.
In the forenoon In the seml-flnalB Welhe
and Adams defeated Code and Beaver.
Pr-3, 3-fi, 6—1, 7— fi. Two matches were
played in the consolation double handicap.
McFarland and Stewart (odds of 15V beat
Crowell and Murdock (owe half 151. C — 3.
7—5. Fatjo nnd Warburton beat Harper
brothers, R— fi. fi—3, the winners to play
the finnls to-morrow morning.
The Whitney brothers, challengers, will
play the JTardy brothers, holders, for the
championship to-morrow at 3 p. m. (
The summary:
Adams and Welhe beat Ood> and Beaver, 6-S,
3-6. R-1. 7-5.
"Whitney brothers beat Adams and Welhe, 8-3,
6-4, 6-3.
BERKELEY, Sept. 11.— After having re
fused medical aid through an illness of
?even years William Scharf died last
nisrht at about midnight at his home.
2227 Fifth street. West Berkeley. Al
though hla illness had been of long dura
tion he had not been confined to his bed.
and his death was sudden and unexpect
ed. He had refused the aid of doctors be
cause he said they did not know any
thing.
I^ate In the- evening his wife found him
lying on the floor of his room In a semi
conscious condition. Fie died before a
physician could be summoned.
The deceased was a native of Germany,
aged 53 years. He was an architect by
trade and had resided In Berkeley for the
past fifteen years." Coroner Jlehrmann
will hold an Inquest to-morrow evening at
S o'clock.
REFOSED FOR
YEARS AND OF
A PHYSICIAN
BERKELEY, Sept. 11.— Addlson Kelly,
the famous Princeton athlete who Is to
coach the University of California foot
ball squad, has arrived. There was no
student demonstration on' his arrival, as
very few knew that he waa expected.
Kelly went to the Chi Phi Fraternity
house, where he will probably remain dur
ing the football season.
"I shall not commence work with the
squad until next Saturday." said Mr. Kel
ly to-day. "I am fc-elln? in excellent
health and am ready to commence active
training."
Next week the men will * come out for
light practice. There will also bo some
preliminary gymnasium work for the
squad. Although nearly seventy-five men
have signed for football ¦work, most o*
them are frc3hmen. Of the "30-0" eleven
but five men remain. They are Captain
Pringle, right tackle: Corniah. center;
Smith, right half; Womble and Hill. ends.
Coach' Kelly expects, however, to turn
out some good men out of the new {ma
terial.
Some of the most promising of the fresh
men are J. C. Whlpple.Jr. of Decoto. Or
val Overall of Vl«saUa. S. M. Stow of Oo
leta and W. C. Duff of Berkeley. Besides
these there are several upper classmen
of known ability.
Coach Kelly's appearance on the campus
Saturday will be the signal for an en
thusiastic student demonstration. Prepa
rations are already being made for that
event.
FOOTBALL MEN
TO COMMERCE
WORK SATURDAY
OAKUN'D. Sopt. U.— John C Cross, th^
farmer who Ftepped on a nail in the yard
cf hif place near Deulah ten days ago,
v.as burJed this afternoon from his late
residence. H!e death was caused by lock
jaw, which followed the blood-poisoning
caused by the wound.
Death From Lockjaw.
Many Chinee temple? have windows
made froro mnther-of-poarl. found In '¦¦ys
t*-r «hells. The material is transparent
and locks like opal plass.
NO RELIEF FOR
TRAVELERS ON
NARROW-GAUGE
emerged from this stage of develoDment We
are no lontrer patipfied -merely to support kln
uenrnrtenF. They must be of a uniformly high
standard and in the hands of professionally
trained klnderfrnrtnen". To accomplish this
there wan needed a central body to determine
the standard and to secure means for support
ing the work.
1'ntll thlx pnrlnir each school was absolutely
dfRtinct from every other, hut a growing sense'
of the need of co-operation led to a spontane
ous effort for federation. The standard estab
lifhod by the federation requires tho schools be
non-*ectaiian. that the lclnderjrartners in charge
snail hold recog-ntzed credentials and that the
salaries pnld be not less than $40 a month.
At present each board still attends to Its own
finances, but It is our aim to place th» col
lection and distribution of funds In the hands
of the central hoard. In order to be of proper
value to the community the kindergartens must
be tnken from the charity haBls, where they
are supported by private subscription, and made
part of the public school system, supported by
public taxes. This has been successfully done
in Santa Harbara and Los Anjrelea. It Is easy
to predict that parents In large communities
will soon demand kindergarten privileges for all
children from 4 to 6 years old. It will then be
ne<v»«<!»ary for the city officials to know what
constitutes kindergarten training. When that
time comes it will be found that the Associa
tion of Kindergartens has done much to pre
pare the way for the change.
The officers of the Associated Kinder
gartens of Oakland are as follows:
President, Mrs. F. M. Smith; first vice presl-
So the people of Alameda will have to
get along for many months with the best
the railroad is willing to give them.
"No. this Is not the three-train arrange
ment we talked of giving to our narrow
pat:ge patrons. The chances are that, we
will hot be able to make the change now
until after the first of the year. The
whole narrow-gauge system Is being
worked to Its fullest capacity and we can
not spare anything for the local. What
engines are not in the repair shop are
pulling long freight trains in the moun
tains and we do not expect any let-up
until toward the close of the year."
Superintendent Frazier's order was to
have gone into effect on August 15. When
the l.'ith came around the trains continued
to run in the old haphazard fashion. It
was given out as an excuse that most of
the engines were in the repair shop, but
that tho change would be made Septem
ber 1. September 1 has come and gone
and the people are still waiting.
The most the railroad has done is to put
a third engine on at the High-street ter
minus to relieve somewhat the congested
holiday traffic, but it has not served to
mend matters much. From the continual
use made of the cars, lasting from 5:45
a. m. to 3 a. m.. the last three days they
have become almost unfit for occupancy.
They reek with foul air, expectoration
and "tobacco smoke. They have not been
swept and «the windows are blurred.
To ascertain if the third engine at High
street was the three-train arrangement
promised by the railroad to the people a
Cail reporter questioned an official this
afternoon on the subject. The railroad
man said:
ALAMEDA, Sept. 11.— Patrons of the
Southern Pacific's' narrow-gauge local
trains cannot hope for relief from the long
delays and unsanitary cars, due to the
inadequate equipment for handling large
travel, for months to come. September 1
was the date pet by the Southern Pacific
for the Inauguration of a three-train ar
rangement for the line like that on the
Oakland narrow gauge local. The hopes
of the people were raised to a high pitch
by the official document ordering the
charge which was posted at the mole.
The people had visions of trains that
pulled out on time and cars that contained
air fit to breathe. But tho Southern Pa
cific's promises are not to be kept and
tho hopes cf its patrons go glimmerine.
The promise to give the people an Im
proved service was* only wrung out of the
railroad after a petition sij?ue<i by hun
dreds of tlum wus presented at head
quarters. The petition was the result of
a series of exasperating delays and acci
dents which were suffered by the com
muters. In the petition the petitioners
prayed for a change to a broad-gauge
system, but were willing to tiike the next
best thing, a three-train arrangement, if
the other could not be given.
About the 1st of August a notice signed
by Superintendent Prazier was posted up
at the mole ordering the three-truin ar
rangement. The order simply meant that
three trains were to do the work now
performed by two, the extra train to be
always at the mole, made up and ready
to pull out as soon as passengers were on
lKtanl. This arrangement was expected
to regulate the sanitary condition of the
cars, so much complained of by the Board
of Health, as It would permit them to be
thrown open and windswept while being
switched at the mole.
FUNERAL OF THE LATE
HENRY A. CHITTENDEN
OAKLAND. Sept. 11.— The funeral of
the late Henry- A. Chlttenden was held
this afternoon from the family residence,
1529 Spring street, Berkeley. The services
were private. Rev. Charles R. Brown,
pastor of the First Congregational
Church, and William Nat Friend of tho
San Francisco Theological Seminary, con
ducted the exercises. .The City Council
of Oakland sent a floral "Gates Ajar" In
token of Mr. Chlttenden'S; services to the
city in securing tho Carnegie Public Li
brary donation of $50,000.
The Outlook Club, of which Mr. Chlt
tenden was a member, sent a floral token.
Mayor Snow, In hehalf of the executive
department of the city government, also
sent a floral piece.
EBELL SOCIETy
QIVES LUNCHEON
Fcr yearn kindergartens were maintained in
the spirit cf mlsfion work, the success nf the
effort belr.i? measured by th» mf-mbon* enrolled
and th» hours durlns which the children were
kept from Etr»^>t Influences. f>ak!and has now
Miss Grace Barnard, who is supervisor
of the Oakland kindergartens, has mad-?
th«» following statement of what the as
sociation has accomplished and what it
Is working for: '.'.--"¦
Mr. and Mrs. Mason Whiting; Mather of
PlumbaRO mine. Sierra County, but for
merly of Oakland, are at the Occidental
Hotel in San Francisco. Mrs. Mather will
spend a few weeks at her former home,
528 Eleventh street, before returning to
Sierra County.
During the evenlnp Miss Kttn Eiben will
render a vocal solo and the pupils of Miss
Holma Buttlar will be seen In "A Unique
Feature."
Snarly, a wnant Mre. <J. Edwards
(irumpy. a servant H. A. Gllnes
Mies Beirut Summers Miss Etta Elben
Pfter Parker Will Coatfs
Unity Chapter No. Go, O. E. S.. will give
an entertainment at Aloatraz Hall. Per
aita and. Seventh streets, on the evening
of September 2."), when a programme will
be pre?pnt<»d under the direction of Miss
H«lma A. Huttlar. The farce. "A Quiet
Family." will be prlven with the following
cast of characters:
Barnaby HIM* Harry Adams
Mr*. Barnaby Bibbs Mrs. N. Hall
Benjamin Bibbs N. Hall
Mr*. Benjamin Ulbbs Mrs. Harry Adams
• ' " ? : : ', •
Oakland Chapter. Daughters of the
American Revolution* has decided to as
sist in the mnvempnt for th« preservation
of the redwood forests in San Mateo and
Santa Cruz counties, a crusade having
been Inaugurated by the Rf-mpervlrrna
Club. The plan is to havi> a national park
established in the tract covered by those
redwoods which are the sequoia semper
virons. Mills are about to be erected and
ihe trees cut. It is ncees?ary to raipe
JjO 'W) within =ix -weeks. Mrs. Kmma Shat
ter Howard. 12>6 Alice street, ¦will receive
contributions.
was .in exceptionally large attend
ance of members who were rewarded by
en afternoon of interesting- entertainment.
Mrs. Kate A. Huikloy. president of the
society, occupied the chair. Mrs. Martin
Schultz and Mrs. Grace Dickman gave
several vocal poloe. Prominent among the
ppeal:ers of the afternoon was Miss Sadie
American, who has been visiting- the Pa
cin> Coast in the interests of philan
thropic and educational movements
amor.p Jewish women. The club nlFo lis
tened to informal addresses by Mrs. Bar
ton and Mrs. Obapln. prominent club wo
men of I.-OS Anseles.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— The Ebell So
ciety to-day pave the first luncheon
of the winter season at Its rooms,
Twelfth ar.d Harrison streets. There
DECEASED MERCHANT
IS LAID TO REST
Many friends and former business asso
ciates of the deceased attended the fune
ral. The. Interment too'', "'t* at Moun
tain View Cemetery. :
OAKLAND, Sept. 1L— The funeral of C.
L. Maxwell, the deceased hardware mer
chant, was held at the family residence,
1266 Fourth avenue, this afternoon. Rev.
Dr. R. F. Coyle of , the First Presbyterian
Church, assisted by Rev., J.S. McDonald,
conducted the services. „ The First Pres
byterian Church choir, consisting of Mrs.
Clement ' Rowland, Mrs. Carrie Brown
Dexter, Clement Rowland and H..A. Red
field, Bang appropriate selections. Tho
pall bearers were Judge F. B. Ogden. W.
H. Qulnn. George E. de Golla, Major John
W. Tompklns, E. F. Brown and H. K.
~ 1 1 1 1 1 r All '>!' h 1^81linfft|linHWIK*1iilnn<imltfirllMi
BURGLAR FRIGHTENED
BY WOft/lAN'S SCREAMS
OAKLAND. Sept. 11.— A burglar was
frightened from the house of Mrs. A. L.
Carroll at 167i Grovo street on Sunday
evening by the screams of a young, lady
lodger. The family were absent at the
time the burglar entered, with the excep
tion of Miss Carroll, who was alone in the
bouse. About 8 o'clock the lodger ar
rived and ran upstairs to her room. A
moment later she ran down, screaming
that a man was standing in the doorway,
and fell in a Ot of hysterics.
JCo description could be obtained of the
burglar, who made good his escape with
out securing any booty. The police have
been notified, hut a^m «n*hu tn locate the
offender.
WORK RESUMED AT THE
JUDSON ROLLING MILLS
OAKLiAND, Sept. 11.— The men who
struck at the rolling mills of the Judson
Iron Works !n anticipation of a cut in
wages, 'returned to work this mornins
after having- been out but two working
days. The original scale of wages is be
ing paid and the full force of men have
been rc-employcd.
Much satisfaction is expressed at Emery
ville over -the* speedy settlement of tho
trouble. It is said that owing to the fall
in the price of iron the men will make no
demand for an Increase in pay and that
no further dissatisfaction is anticipated.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— Through tho
efforts of a number of prominent
society ladles of Oakland, inter
ested In educational and philan
thropic work, the various kindergartens
of this city have been united into a single
federation under the name of "The As
sociated Kindergartens of Oakland. th.>
chief object being tho. formation of a sys
tem of kindergartens which will be
merged Into the public school system of
Cakland.
The efforts of the ladies have already
met with such success that Instruction
of a uniform character is now given at all
the local kindergartens, ami applicants
for teaehere' positions must give evidence
of unusually thorough training.
The first report of the Associated Kin
dergartens, which has just been issued,
covering the work since the birth of the
association, shows 165 regular members,
nearly 200 subscribers and an enrollment
of 4G1 pupils, apportioned among the
Fchools as follows: Central. 72; Good
Will. 61; West Oakland. 140; North Oak
land, 67; Kast Oakland, C5; Glen Echo,
06.
One of the most interesting features of
the report is the following table, giving
the nationalities of the children attend
inp the kindergartens:
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Sept. 11.
Tho Democracy of Alameda county is
In sore straits. While its county conven
tion adjourned without completing a
ticket, the delegates thought they could
hold the men they had selected to lead
what Colonel H. O'Brien, nominee for
Superior Judge, declared was a "forlorn
hope."
Hut the gentlemen who named the
ticket did not realize how hopeless was
the situation. To be sure, they put up
Thomas Scott of Livermore for Superior
Judge, against the protest of his friends
In the convention, but the delegates
laughed that off. saying-, "Oh, Tom's i
good fellow, and he will stay on the
ticket."
But Tom did not stay. He has positively
and emphatically declared that he will
have no candidacy thi? vear. lie was se
lected because of his phenomenal run
on the Democratic ticket two years ago,
when as a candidate for member of the
State Board of Equalization he carried
Alamedn county, which gave the Repub
lican majority of 6W0 f or Congressman.
Now pomes Hrewton A. Hayne of IJcrke
ley and withdraws ns tho Democratic
nominee for the Assembly from th» Fifty
first district. The vacancy in the Twenty
seventh Senatorial district is as yet un
filled. Attorney H. P. Griffiths of Berke
ley has boon requested to accept the nom
ination but he has not yet decided
This is the situation which confronts
and perplexes the Democratic County
Committee, a meeting of which has tw»en
called for next Saturday evening at 460
Ninth street. None of the members feel
wise enouph to say what the commltteo
will do to fill tbe vacancies. Whether
warriors can be found who will go Into
the fray is what Is perplexing the dis
tinguished leaders in this section of the
State.
dent, Mr3. Henry Wads-worth: r-econd vice
president, Mrs. F. F. G. Harder; third vice
president. Mrs. C. B. Parcells: fourth vice
president. Mrs. E. F. Murdork: tlfth vice presi
dent. Miss Claribel Williams; recording secre
tary, Mrs. John Gllcrest; eorrespondlnB secre
tary. Mrs. AV. E. Hale; treasurer, Mrs. E. H.
Beck: supervisor. Miss Grace Everett Barnard;
medical adviser. Mips Anna M. Small, M. 1).
The members of the committees, with
the kindergartens they represent, arc as
follows:
Finance — Mrs. II. K. Morrison, West Oakland;
Mrs. F. F. O. Harper. Good Will; Mrs. J. I*.
Asard, North Oakland; Miss Henrietta Frear.
East Oakland; Mrs. W. T. Veltch. Glen Echo;
Mru. E B. Beck. Central.
Education— Mrs. C. B. Parcells. North Oak
land; Mrs. E. M. Walsh. Glen Echo; Mrs. C
E. Wilson. Good Will: Mrs. K. B. Stone. Cen
tral- Mrs. E. C. Sessions, West Oakland; Miss
Williams, East Oakland.
Publication— Miss Grace Everett Barnard;
Ml«s Caroline Van Dyke. West Oakland; Mrs.
J. B. nichardfon. Good Will; Mrs. S. H. S.
Thayer. Xorth Oakland; Mrs. W. K. Vickery,
Glen Echo; Mrs. AV. E. Hale, Central; Miss
Brewster, East Oakland.
Play grounds— Mrs. W. D. Hnntitigton, Glen
Kcho; Mrs. Robert 'Watt, West Oakland; Miss
Alice Coburn, Good Will; Miss d<» la Montanya.
EaBt Oakland; Mrs. W. U Oliver, Central; Mrs.
Warr»n Olney Jr.. Xorth Oakland.
Auditing 1 — Mrs. W. G. Palmanteer. Mrs. J.
C. Conpan. Mrs. 71. V. Murdock. ' '
Nominatlne— Mrs. George II. Wheaton. Mrs.
R. J. Taylor, Mrs. H. W. Meek.
DEMOCRATS DROP
AWAY FROM THE
PARTY NOMINEES
and for years the museums of Europ#
have been In the market with ample funds
for their purchase, so it was tf> them own
ers came with their treasures and they
almost invariably found purchasers. Not
withstanding all these drawbacks and dif
ficulties we have accomplished wonders.
By reason of the size and wealth of tho
city it is but natural that the largest and
most Important art museum of tho coun
try should be located in New York. It 13
scarcely credible aa one contemplates thvs
structure wherein are housed the treas
ures of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
in Central Park, with Its imposing addi
tion now in process of erection, and the
still more Imposing contents of the build
ing, that thirty years ago the metropolis
was without any such public collection.
There was It is true, a modest lot of pic
tures at the New York Historical 3oclety,
but a gallery In the real sense of the wnra
there was none. Now. in addition, wo
have the Lenox IJhrary collection and
that at the Brooklyn institute of Aru
and Sciences. When. hr.w«ver. In !S70, .*
small band of public spirited gentlemen
came together to form an organization
that should fill this want the average
American notion of the fine arts was hazy*
and vague. Six years later at Philadel
phia the Centennial exhibition may bs
said to have caused a veritable awaken
ing, the contributions from the various
foreign countries giving to the untravele-l
American nn abiding sense of what was
being done in modern art.
Instantly the effect was felt. Nothing
before or since has done so much to stim
ulate a taste and an appreciation for art
in America. The building up of the Met
ropolitan Museum wn*. however, not un
attended with difficulties. Though others
have worked hard and given time ana
money for Its advancement, credit for its
final accomplishment Is due In a great
measure to the unselfish efforts of Henry
Q. Marquand and the late John Taylor
Johnson. Mr. Johnson was the first presi
dent of the museum, and Mr. Marquand,
who succeeded him, still retains the of
flce.
Th<» valti*» of Mr. Marquand'n Rifts totha
museum exceeds the million-dollar mark
and, what Is quite as much to the purpose,
their selection has been made -with rar»
discrimination and unfailing Judgment of
the needs of the institution— two qualities,
by the way, that have materally helped to
crive to the museum the high standard
which It enjoys to-day. The Metropolitan
Museum contains a remarkable collection
of the art of all nations, particularly that
of modern Franc, the Luxembourg alono
surpassing It. This, of course. Is duo
to the fact that fr>r many years th« Amer
ican collector has been attracted by th«»
art of the Gaul, buying liberally of hl3
productions, while the dealer, always with
a keen scent for lucrative business, has
rjurinp three decades past been a liberal
importer of the Frenchman's canvases.
Thus, through bequestg and purchase, tho
museum has come Into possession of a
great exhibit of modern French art.
To mention a few of the more important
pictures will g!ve an idea of the extent
and significance of this school. The great
Melssonier. master of all the technical
possibilities of painting, one of th« great
authorities on composition, on mll.tnry
art and on costume and accessories, has
here his chef-d'oeuvre, called "Frlcdlartd.
1W." which shows a passage of mounted
soldiers galloping across a field In review
before Napoleon I. Probably no more re
markable technical achievement waa ever
secured. The picture was painted for the
late A. T. Stewart, the merchant prince,
and cost him $i>0.000 when It was com-'
pleted in 1S7<5. a remarkable price, al
though to-day the canvas. wer» It placed
at auction, would bring far more. Ileri
is the famous "Joan of Arc." by the brill
iant Jules Ba-stlen-Lepage. a work which
had a profound effect on the younger
painters of all nations and brought out
many lmltatora. At the salon In Paris,
where it was first shown. It created a gen
uine sensation, and to-day It holda Its own
as a remarkable, able, sincere piece of
work of the first rank.
Note— This study by Mr. Arthur Hoeber
of New York will be continued on
Wednesday next.
fA/TlOL/S ART GALLERIES OF THE U/ORLD.
It was as far back as 1S05 that seventy
one art-loving citizens of Pennsylvania
met under the sacred roof of Indepen
dence Hall, in the quiet city of Philadel
phia, an.1 then and there solemnly and in
true American fashion "resolved" that
an association be formed "to promote the
cultivation of the fine arts in the United
States of America by introducing; correct
and elegant copies from the works of the
first masters in sculpture and painting,
and by thus facilitating the access to such
standards, and also by occasionally con
ferring moderate but honorable premiums
and otherwise assisting the studies and
exciting the efforts of the artists, gradu
ally to unfold, enlighten and invigorate
the talents of our countrymen. From
this beginning subsequently came the
first public art collection In America ami
the inauguration of the Pennsylvania
Academy of Fine Arts.
We have In America, to-day a few really
important art museums in the larger
Cities and a large number of promising
institutions in the smaller towns, and
while we are behind the cities of Europe,
it will be remembered we have had the
collecting habit for comparatively few
vears and we have no national funds,
with a National Art Commission, to
purchase works for distribution anvinff
the museums of the country, as in France
and elsewhere. Up to the present this
condition has not been altogether an un
mixed evil. We have seen in some of
the hopelessly mediocre work, commis
sioned for the legislative halls of the na
tion, the possibilities of national art
committees, and on the whole we may be
thankful that more canvases and statues
of the kind have not been bought and
sent by Government authority to
museums throughout the land. The
American museum has enough to strug
gle with as it is and too frequently is
compelled to accept wretched work as
the condition on which otherwise valuable
legacies are bequeathed.
It frequently happens that the rich
merchant, dying, dfplres to have his nanr»
perpetuated as a patron of art. and he
sends the contents of his gallery to the
art museum of his city, perhaps accom
panied with many thousands of dollars
for Its maintenance and increase, upon
the condition that It be kept Intact and
always shown under his name. This Is
one of the greatest trials the trustees of
our museums are called upon to undergo,
although in most of the leading institu
tions the rules are now Inexorable as to
the admission of poor ¦work. Collectors
of spurious old masters and early Amer
ican sculpture are among the worst of
fenders in this direction and they give
trustees many unhappy hours by their
mistaken if kindly attentions of a pub
lic nature. Another fact militates
against the standards of the work of the
older masters. Fine canvases of the
ancient princes of art are not only rare,
but now sell at prices almost prohibitive.
With Its wide expanse of territory. Its
many important cities and consequent
different centers of interest. America's art
possessions are greatly scattered, and
any complete account of them would be
not only difficult but unduly expansive.
New York, Chicago, Boston. Washington,
Philadelphia, all have their museums. In
stitutes or academies, not to mention In
numerable smaller cities with less impor
tant collections. Merely to enumerate
their possessions would be out of th©
question. Aa with most things In this
country, art projects were pushed through
with astonishing rapidity and true, Amer
ican . energy. Where European nations
would have taken a century, here a dec
ade sufficed in j which to establish splen
did palaces of art. while the liberality, and
public spirit of the citizen furnished that
necessary material adjunct, the financial
backing. If the quality of the art pur
chases, however, has not always kept
pace with the generosity of the donations,
we are a young people and have much to
learn.
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
THE FAMOUS ART GALLERIES OF AMERICA
Methods Which Would Be Employed
Set Forth in Report Filed by
/ i Health Officer
Todd.
• *
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Sept. 11.
The Board of Health of this city has
under serious consideration the adoption
of rules officially stamping tuberculosis,
commonly known as consumption, as a
contagious disease, the presence of which
shall force a quarantine upon the place
occupied by the patient. This drastic
measure is recommended by Dr. J. H.
Todd in his annual report as health offi
cer, which has been Jlled with the City
•Council.
Health Officer Todd lays. stress upon the
rule proposed by the Hoard of Health
which was to exclude from the public
schools all teachers and pupils who should
be afflicted with the disex.se. The school
directors rejected .portions of the resolu
tion which the health ofllciais deemed
were most vital.
Commenting upon thl? action. Dr. Todd
said: "Had the entire rule been adopted,
in order to make It effective, the Board
of Health couJd have asked the City
Council for the paasagre of an ordinance
making tuberculosis a disease to be re
ported as contagious. This, In time, would
have furnished the location of families
where tuberculosis existed and wouid
have enabled the health department to
keep under surveillance the children of
such families as well as to force the ob
servance of such sanitary measures as
would tend to prevent the infection of
, others. We are- thankful, however, for
even a small bepnnlng and trust that the
! time Is not far distant when the public
will no more willingly tolerate tuberculo
sis than they now do smallpox or bubonic
plaRue."
Referring to the condition of public
buildings, th© report declares that the
plumbing 1 of the county Jail Is bad. The
city prison is denounced as most unsan
itary. Dr. Todd said: "This Is not on ac
count of negligence of those In charge,
but on account of Us location In the cellar
i of the City Hall, where the conditions
requisite to sanitation, namely, ventila
tion and sunlight, are not obtainable. Un
til a new prison Is built these conditions
cannot be changed and the unfortunate
inmates must continue to suffer not only
the penalty of the law, but n deterioration
of health as well. The greatest want of
the prison Is a ward where wounds may
bo dressed and the sick cared for In a hu-
Board of Health Plans to
Isolate the Afflicted
Consumptives.
WOULD HAVE A
QUARANTINE ON
TUBERCULOSIS
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
1118 Proadxray. Sept. 11.
The Presbytery of Oakland" declared to
cay in favor of a revision of the present
confession of fnlth. It was decided by a
majority of the pastors In pepsion that
the old creed should be shortened and
modernized. The decision of the local
presbytery will be sent to the General
Assembly, which meets in May. 1901. to
orsider the important Question which ia
r.^ttatlr.K Presbyterianlsm.
The action of the presbytery was taken
DT the adoption of the following resolu
tion submitted by the committee on bills
and overtures:
Whereas. The General Assembly has asked
the Presbytery at Us fall meetlnR to report to
the committee c* fifteen appointed by the Oen
<raJ Assembly to consider tlie matter of re
viFlon of the confession of faith whether they
would tugffest supplementary or euhmtltutlonal
chanpes. or no chnnjiree at all. Thlx request
having be»>n j-lacr.^ in the hnnd^ of your com
rr.ittf-e, the committee reports as follows:
"R«»sol"ed, That we direct our stmed clerk
to report to the said committee a pubstitution
«<t->- chance In the oonfesaloa of faith. That
Chang* to take the f.-irm of a new. brief, ecrip
tural creed containing the essential ar.d \-ttal
trutha of, Christianity, a creed that shall clear
ly expre** the syeteni of doctrir.o taught In the
Holy Bcriptures and which while containing
elmjilr tbe hlMortc faith of cur fathern, shall
express in dlrtinct and emphatic terms the
great love of Ood as maalfefted In Christ and
expr*FSf-d in John 111:16.
AmcTip the speakers who were In favor
of the revision was Rev. Robert F. Coyl#,
vho advocated the adoption of a substi
tute creed for the one now followed by
the church. He said:
Those of u» who want somethln«; taore eira
rie than th« present creed are Just as Bound In
the faith a* eny In the church. The fleslr* for
t firr.ple, brief creed le to put Into th« hands
at communicant* nomethina; they can under
stand and tis*. Our present oonfnaelon of
faith If defeotlv» with reference to the love
cf Ood ec<l th« working: of the Holy Spirit. I
ua not wi'.llnjr. to believe that our brothers of
jr.ft year* apo erhauFted all there was In th«
Pcrir-ur»>«. but I b*'.teve that there are men
In the church to-day who are capable of forcnu
laTlnfT as por>d and perhap* a better aad Blm
pler mr.fess'.oa of fsJth as our father* of long
R^v. F. P. Prush of Alame<3a and Rev.
H-jprh W*. Fra;=er of Brooklyn a'.so spoke In
favor of a revision. The latter Raid:
It fa ft bout tlm«. according to my ideas, that
\> t- hurch broke away from doctrines which
but few understand. We should Ret away from
old I4«as and edopt a xcorklnjr creed.
BerenU members of th« presbytery,
while in favor of revising the present
eor.fos^ion of faith, «ild not take kindly
to the resolutions prepared by the com
rrlttee. but when the roll was called the
r v-oiutions were adopted by a vote of 13
¦
At the afternoon f?s!^n a formal an
r.<-'.mc«--ment •was made of Rev. Robert F.
r/le'n aceptance ot a call to Denver.
r. Coyle stated that he had accepted
call subject to the action of the pres
bytery of Oakland.
I have been the pastor "f the First
Church for ten years," he said, "and I
doubt If It vrouid be possible to find a
l" r- harmonious enncrejjation. I leave
th:<= presbytery •with a great deal of re-
I'-p sorrow at Dr. Onyle's <Jeriarture
fi r I • w Qelda was r xprrsyed by a number
ol the asrrmb!^<i ministers.
H«>-»-. James S. Macdoi:.T.ld was appointed
: "•-rater of the s=r-5F.lon of the first
« hurr-ti uni!l the next meeting of the
V- -': vtrry.
T; ¦.-- prerbytery granted a r^iruiar license
I rry Milliard. .1 student at San Fran
< l»co Theological Coll*-g*». who for Fcverai
:.s has been assisting the pastor ot
Ifce FirFt Church of Berkeley.
i'.iiam Nat Fricr.d ¦was given Ietter3
-»- omrnfiriation to the faculty of
j'rinoeton Vniversity. wtere ho wifl go,
leaving Thursday, to take a year's cour5e.
Rev. E. E. Clark. Rev. J. A. Hill and
• r \V. H. H. Hamilton, the committee
: r 'irr.inn.tlon of permanent committees,
made th<» following nominations, Ti-hlch
•• • •< ratified r.y the presbytery:
Th<-o:r»eical committee. Rev. H. W*. Fra_«er;
¦ ' •.-. i:!^er C. E. Om^ll; Ra^r^ath observ
s"'«. Hr-v. n. I»iran. Ilov. R. Eastman, K!d»r
W. F. <"arter: narration. Rev. R. C. Ptnne.
Ti- v. PV Rh'win. Eider G. P. Proffer; enmmittee
on -xsimlnaUr.n of can<li<iat<>?. Rev. n. Hill.
i: •-. H XV. rra5««r. Rpv. K. Lojtan. Rev. F.
S RruFh. Rev. E. F. Fish. Rpv. <}. \V. Lynn?,
}:«=••. E.\E. Oark. Rev. J. B. Warren. Itev. J.
M. Al'iar.der, Tt«»v. 11. H. I>>l>h!ns. Rev. Jamoa
F CBTTy, Her. A. Hicks. Rrv. TV. C Gunn.
B*». D. E. Pottor. Rpt. F. II. Robinfon. Rev.
.¦'i.Tr'.fF £. Uacdooald, EHers Mufs, Young,
Geuiie t>. Cray. John Gamble: home m!«ions,
R«>v. O. W. Lyotm. Her. James S. llacdonal.i.
r.*v. F. (=. Brush. Elder* Cornell. Bailey.
II ¦' p*: '^rf-ign missioTip, Rev. H. W. Fra««"r,
hrv. .TfLme? Cttny, R p v. R. Lotran. Rev. II. C.
Eton*. H'.tJprs R Johnston*, Aiexar.der Rofs;
«ju<- a ti..n. Rev. II H. Oobb!^. Itev. II. \V.
FVai>«r. R«. H. Hill. Elmers Owree D. «ra>\
W. H. H. Hamilton: publication an4 Purifla)
school work. Rfv. E. E. Clark. Rev. H. H.
Dobbin*. P.pv. James Curry: erection, E!df>rn
A. l>ear.. J. Young: miniFfriil relief. Rev.
Jumey rurr;-, R»v. E. E. Clark Rev. P. A.
r"r?her. BUm John Ollh^rton. II. Moss: free<1.
men. Rt, F. P. Brosb Ber. F. H. Robir.«on,
R«v. .T. E. Anderson, Elder* A. Jone». J. E.
IJaker; temrxranf e. Ilev. J. M. Alexander. Rev.
P. Roda. Il»v. n. F. Fl5h. Klders Sahln. F.
S. Prr>5s>er: «yst«>rna-lc be n ef!c.-nce Rev. F". II.
RoWr.»ra. Rev. E. F. F!rh. Rev. r>. E. Potter.
Elder* Tasre. Thiiyer. I.'.-nrh.
An adjournmpr.t of the presbytery vas
takrn until th<» rf-jru'ar p*»sr!on of th«» syri'
o<i. fompriPine the churches of California
and Nevada, which convenes at Berkeley
on October IS.
Majority of Pastors in Session of the
Opinion That Old Creed Should
Be Shortened and Mod
ernized.
Declaration for Revision of
Doctrines of the
Church
PRESBYTERY OF
OAKLAND FAVORS
NEW CONFESSION
UNION OF KINDERGARTENS
IN INTEREST OF LITTLE ONES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 12, 1900.
THREE LADIES WHO ARE PROMINENT IN KINDERGARTEN ASSOCIATION
MOVEMENT.
• •
VII.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
SHE PAYS TAXES
SO DEMANDS VOTE
OAKLAND. Sept. ll.-So firmly
(\of* Mrs. N. A. Thompson, a
taxpayer residing 1 at 6S2 East
Twelfth street, believe In the
argument that thn?e who
h<»lp support the Government
phonic! help elect those who
administer It, that she is poInR to
apply to the courts, unless the
County Clerk consents to register
her to-morrow morning.
To-day Mrs. Thompson appeared
at the Clerk's office and demanded
of Deputy Charles Arnold that he
place her name on the preat regis
ter. When the surprised custodian
of the voters' roll demurred, he en
countered several well-delivered ar
guments which had their origin In
the arsenal presided over by Susan
B. Anthony and Frances Wllliard.
Parrying the thrusts as best he
could. Deputy Arnold told his call
er that he could register no one on
a holiday. So Mrs. Thompson will
call again to-morrow.
Total*
Glen I-i'ho
l"«aft Oakland
North Oakland
West Oakland
Good Will
Ontral
NAMKS OF
KIND1CUGAHTKNS.
4Ct I
66
a
C7
140
61
7J
3
a
3
Im!
"
17
¦i
33
17
9
2^
II
I mi
I
19
M
U
1
r.
»
•
T
6
17
I
in?
!»l
I
I *
E
4
I
4
'
D" 1
ho|
U
,,
EX
'I
: w
4
c
a
1:1
'
r
•
¦
I 4
¦
h
¦
<
¦
¦-
4 I
•
•
2. I
tc
«
&
T.
c
J
"
3
2
1
3
' *"
to"
1
1
Total*
Glen I-i'ho
l"«aft Oakland
North Oakland
West Oakland
Good Will
Ontral
NAMKS OF
KIND1CUGAHTKNS.
4Ct I
66
a
C7
140
61
7J
3
a
3
Im!
"
17
¦i
33
17
9
2^
II
I mi
I
19
M
U
1
r.
»
•
T
6
17
I
in?
!»l
I
I *
E
4
I
4
'
D" 1
ho|
U
,,
EX
'I
: w
4
c
a
1:1
'
r
•
¦
I 4
¦
h
¦
<
¦
¦-
4 I
•
•
2. I
tc
«
&
T.
c
J
"
3
2
1
3
' *"
to"
1
1
POSTUM CEKEAL.
FLY TO PIECES.
The Effect of Coffee on Highly Or-
ganized People.
"I hsvf be?n a coffee user for years,
and about two years ago got into a
very serious condition of dyspepsia and
indigestion. It stenied to me I would
fly to pieces. I was so nervous that at
the least noi^e I was distressed, and
many times could not straighten myself
up because of pain.
"My physician told me I must not eat
any heavy or strong food and ordered a
diet, pivinj; me some medicine. I fol-
lowed directions carefully, but kept on
usinf? coffee and did not get any better.
.Last winter husband, who was away
on business, had Postum Food Coffee
served to him in the family where he
boarded.
"He liked it so well that when he
came home he brought some with him.
We betjan using it and I found it most
excellent. While I drank it my stomach
never bothered me in the least, and I j?ot
over my nervous troubles. When the
Postum was all gone we returned to cof-
fee: then my stomach be^an to hurt
me as before and the nervous conditions
r ame on aerain.
"That showed me exactly what was
the cau*e of the whole trouble, so I quit
drinking coffee altogether and kept on
usins: Poftum Food Coffee. The old
troubles left again and I have never had
any trouble since." Anna Coen, Mt.
Ephraim. Ohio. j
AJVKRTiszarEiris.
' [liUii if' Kjtj/f *^=T iP^fk^/^ makes a dark skin
! Lwfl Jntvd I ill C3) Iighter ' clearer « pur -
II Ha Lm 'MLr*. I' M Wj er * !t is a medicinal
1 M/isdM^ n IP \v P re P aration which
' I nii^!^i>^*^ VCt \ ¦*^!Hii'i/ cures, it actually coaxes a
4 ' ' W«k Ilir illli l^\. I? new skin to the suffece.
1 i Th e removing of tan is
i'il^^ 1t^"*^»i the least important of its
lilo- ": d>) accomplishments. It re-
moves Blotches, Pimples, Moth and Liver Patches, and restores the
clear, transparent beauty of youth.
ANITA CREAM AND TOILET CO.. Los Angeles. Cal. EDGARTC(V. K«n.. Jan. I." 19001
Dear Sirs — After spending; six weeks at the beach I was advised by a friend to use v-our "Anita
Cream" to remove the tan. I came East ttie same day I bought it and so did not use it until I reached
home- * All my friends who saw me the first week here. said. "How black you are." In ten days t.ie
same people remarked how white and lovely was my complexion.
I (eel that I cannot do without it I send you amount for two more boxes- Do you have any
¦gents ? I have not had a pimple on my face since using It. and before I was troubled all the tlae.
Yours truly. , MISS FANNIE COLLINS.
Full particulars. Instructions and a free sample will be mailed to any address upon receipt Hie
postage. Anita Cream * Toilet Co.. 207 Franklin St. Los Angeles. Cal.THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI_I_, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1900.
10
SAX TRAXCISCO CALL.
r.rSINESS OFFICE of The Pan Francisco
r_B. crrr.er oi Market and Third streets, open
tsy.t'.l 12 o'clock everr n!_rht In the year.
D2__KCH OFFICES— 127 Montgomery street,
ccrr.er Ci.-.y; oren until 9:39 p. m.
SC3 Hayes street; cpen until S:!9 p. m.
*Z9 McAllister street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C13 Larkin street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
UO Mission street; cper. until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market Etreet. ccrner Sixteenth; open
crtll 9 p. m. • j
ZOC Elever.fh sireFt: open until 9 p. m. i
Vm Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. m.
*C__n_t corner Twer.ty-secor.d end Ken-
t'jcVy rtrects: nren ur.til ? p. P. I
MEETI\G SOTICES. j
ISLAM Temple. Myrtle Shrtne, €\^_ 4 a*« ! * s^
Golden Gate H«X C25 Bet- tfQj2_>^
ter ft. — Rerrular rr.eetlnc THIS "»ei __
(WCOyCSOAT) EVENING at - VCtf£v
$ o'clock lor buplneps ar.d cere- A^S<x\
merles. All Nobles cordially [If flj
:r.v:t.-._. Bjr order cf the I'L Vk If
Potentate. *
HIRAM T. GRAVES,
Recorder.
SIOI'NT MORIAH Lo<*.ge No. 44. F. and *
A _.— -Meeting TH IS « V.'KDNESDA Y) _jV_
EVENING : ; : 7:20 o'cl ck. First .'.-?- TfjJK
gree. THEO FKOLICH. Secretary. *V>
CROCKETT Ledge No. 139. F. _ad A. •
M— Third degree THIS EVENING. __»\_
S«i'tcmbor II. at 7:30 o'clock. I?y order J__3C
Df tbe \V. M. H. FORTHIEBE. Fee. /^f*
EXCELSIOR Lodpe No. 1C6. F. and A. 0
II. — Special meeting THIS (T'EI)XF.S-_V. i
_>AY) EVENING. Septeir.btr 12. at 7:30 JZJST I
o'clock. Second <le_rive. ' '*7
THEO. H. SMITH. Secretary-
MIPFION Lndire No. 16H. F. and A. M.— a
Called meftir.g THIS (WEDNESDAY) _V?__
3;vi_NINO at 7:50 o'clock.. First de- }S 3f
KTee. GEO. D. FLACK. Secretary. *^_ j
TEMPLAR Lodge No. 17, I. O. -^y*£_- j
O F.. will have a double ir.itia- •____3_5J& j
tlon THIS < WEDNESDAY ) ; t?7»*:-~-? i
nvKNING. Vis1_tnB brothers ¦"•"'-¦¦ ;
welcome. TIIO?. U. W. LELAND. N. G. _
TIJE California Debris Commission having re-
oe.vea applications to mine by the hydraulic
r.rocoss from \V. TV. Trtat and John H. j
Thomas. «n the Good Hope mine, near j
Edlp«, P:u;r.as County, to deposit UUlan j
:r f'nior. Va'.lcy Crr<U; from the P.ader Gold ]
V!r.in_: Comwany. in the Bader gold r.iin«. j
near ____£_—. Butte County, to deposit tail- :
lr.es In Little Hutte Cre»-k: from the Halston !
PttiOc Gold Mir.ir_z Company, in the I_ynch- j
burc mine. n»ar Vlnxr. Placer County, to j
.VjmsH tailir._rs in Lons Canyon, ar.d from G. ,
H. Levfa et el-, in the Snake Gulch gravel :
mine near Valiicita. Calaveras County, to |
rter>orit taillrp? In Fnake Oulch. gives notice j
that a minting will bo held at room £S. Flood
beU&tnc San Francisco. Cal., on September
?4. T" f '. at 1 :3n p. m.
AGHXXS AVAXTED. :
::: TO m dally e__y made by our Live Aper.ts, j
n-,pn cr women, selling our latest novelty, j
ran ipa.ipn waterproof neckties: goods entirely ,
rew end patented: agents delighted : fales un- i
limited: what others do you ran do: write to- ,
riay; secure exclusive territory; guaranteed i
l>*.'t seller. AddrefS. with Ftar;p, M. A- M. '
MANFG. CO.. Dept. C. Fpringtield. Mass.
AGENTS sell our aluminum card cases and j
cards; circulars and samples free. Bunker |
PrtniiTt Co.. Drrt. 21, Kansas City, Mo.
SOLICITORS wanted: ladies, gentlemen: fe-
male regulator. SG"? Ph'Ian building. S. F.
AGENTS of ability and Fjcr^rien'-e in life Ir.sur- j
snef. Call at room 101. ??7 Market, cor. Sixth. ]
V.E _.__• newest novelties for agents. PA- ,
(~JTl(~ AOKNT?" PT'PPLT COJ. 3<?1 l s th st. :
ASPUAl.Tt'M ROOFING.
j^PlfLTiER. aFj halt rooflnr. sidewalks: cellar j
f--,r? -aid. iTnired: postal. 11S« Mission St. >
ASTHOLOGY.
MME. KICKET. astroloplst; card reartln? and
palmistry. "5c: h'~T"sf*opes oast. 19?.3 Mission.
ATTORNEYS AX LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a f>pec:alty; private;
no fee without siicce**; collections. G. TV. 1
HOWE, atty at law. K.'.O Market. ror.Stockton. ;
R. \V. KING, altomej-. ;_7 Market -t., room CJ7; ;
trr-nera! practice; moderate fees; consult, frt-e. |
l'REE advice; divorce law«. damages, estates, '
collections. J. A. ______ belt. 314 Montgomery. '.
ADVICE free: vn charr* unless successful. W.
j W. DAVIDSON, BJJ Market ft., opp. Mason. I
L. ?. CLARK. Err.ma Spreckels bldg., 027 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation tree; no fees in advance, ;
CirSTER. HERMAN J., attorney. ?^ Market
ft., r. ECS; open eve.. 7-9: consultation free.
HATH CAU1XETS.
ROBINSON $3, 4-panel folding; door opens; (Inn
and rafe. W. S. RRCAA'N. pen, ngt.. 4?i Elll!-.
UOARDI\G FOR CHILDRK.V.
LADY would like a child to board: age 1 to 5.
Apply at 'Cl Mission St.: phone Red .",4?5.
BVSIXKSS CIIAXCKS.
A^jTS7~nESTAVRXNT in wholesale district;
close to water front: a good paying buMwss
ana rare _M_— — I chance. Call R. G. WILKL",
_•)'-_ Kearny st_
_^_jilfK>; CORNER grrocery and bar; choicest
location ir. the Mission; rent t25; 4 living
rooms; place eFtab. years: as owner, a widow,
vants to rttire. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CVj
K»-arny ft.
A — i:WK>; SALOON -with buJIdltifr of 7 rooms;
long _rrourd Ifase; close to Union Iron Works;
F'.ace eytab. IS years and dclnt a flrst-clas-s
p&ine buflnt'Fs. Call K. G. WILKE. _Vi
Kfarny Et.
A— *S0: GROCERY and bar. with three living
roomi 1 ; rcr.t J2'); thickly settled neirhborhooii.
south cf Mark.t st. Call Ii. G. WILKE, 2S'_
Kearny Et_
A — CORNER <rirax Ftore on Kearny St.; clear-
lr.g above J:00 per month. Call R. G. WILKE,
16^ K«amy it.
A— t.VK>; CORNER Faloon on Polk St.; long
leaf*: cheap rent: first-class paying business;
death of owner cause ol sale. See R. U.
"WILKE. :G'_ Kearny Ft.
A— JSOO; SALOON: close to new Ha'.l of Justice;
rent $3f: dally receipts US; a taap. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
jV_$l<X,n : PARTNER wanted In porter, stout
_tn5 WeiFK beer brewery: investigate; a rare
chance. Call R. G. VILKE, :6-_ Kearny st.
__— CSK; STATIONERY, notions and Icecream
parlors, connected with general agency of all
H. F. paper?; also general agency of 2 steam
laiinfirie* ; no opposition In either line; rent
J25: In lively business town across the bay.
___gd_i_ h. G. WILKE. 28', Kearny «.
J7(W— cO5tNE.lt grocery and bar; bargain; Bick-
ness ca^e of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777H Market st.
Jl&G — PARTNER wanted; lndrxir business; will
pay IC5 to $7i per month to each yearly. Mc-
LAI'GHLIN & CO., 777^ Market et.
J500— DITCHER shop: bargain: eirkness cauw
of »aie. Mclaughlin & co.. 777'* Mark-t.
A-KHEriO & nUTTON, 3€ G»^ary Ft.
Hotels, Balrtcns, groceries, restaurants, branch
bakeries, cigar ftanun.and other burlnessea
too numerous to mc-ntion; partnerships !n-
vestments frrm $If-« up to S20.O0O. Kor a litt
rail on KIIFUX) & Dt;TTON. 36 Gcar>" sU
. \VC have larpest list of saloons, hotels, rto-
crrirs.. rigar storr-s. dcllcatessrnf. etc., !n the
oity; brff.re buying r 3 lj_ SCHWEINHARD &
<V>.. P17 Market f=t.. betniscn Fifth and Sixth;
telephone Mine 1191.
ElfOE fhop for Bale cheap; good location; lots
of work. If you mean busir.«-*s call at re.si-
denw, 2 Cowman plae*. off 1005 Washington.
FOR tale — On account of retiring from busl-
rosr. a Forond-hard clothing store; ail old-
riitaWisSifd Hand. K7 Jackson, nr. Montgom'y.
SACRIFICE: liairdressine and manicuring par-
lors: fine iu<-ation. Uox C22J. Call office.
WANTED— A Mnall rrocery and bar; «<tato
• price ar.d rent; no agents. Box <315. Call.
- SIT— REST A URA NT tor Rale; a. barsain. Ap-
rly tiox 4'j:2, Call «-.ffice.
SALOON on Third rt., rear Market. Particu-
lnt^ \;. B. P.rrw.-ry. 3i_ Fulton st.
WANT to buy a cooi paying business. Call
or aUflress 340 Fifth st.
_F\ARTN7_R. bmaH capital, to oj>t-n quick lunch
and be. taary. Ilex C3."!I. Call orflre.
FOR rale — Shoe rtore ; email stock, ins Rail-
road ave.. Bay station, Alann-da,
PAUTXEn wanted in a first-class Market-«t.
jihotofjrejih gallery, lady cr irentlemon: one
of the partners ret'.rins; splendid opportunity
Apply to NAGLK & NAGLE. Atiorntjs.
410 Emma ?i,recke!s l'Ulldir.g. 917 Market
JPIRST-CLAS.S saloon and beer ajfrccy for sale
in a Rourl.sliirg coast city; low rer.t and lr>n_
lca_f»; requires about tlOGO; principal* only
need tpply; reasons for selling, Bicknc?s.
Wundcr brewing Co.. P. F.
S_£OC — COAL and feed yard and express bu*i-
r.eff. 4 horses and 5 wairon»; cood buIMins;
llx-inp-rooms; lone lease; excellent chance;
pood locatlcn. 2535 Sixteenth st.
WELL established crocery and bar; splendid
cash bUFlnet*; 4 livinc rooms; rent f?C; thick-
ly settled, quiet neighborhood; reason for Bell-
lr.R. fiekncFu. n?Vj Eleventh et.
JSCiO-i— PARTNER wanted In old-establisheU
business; must have a knowledfre of bard-
ware. Address box <0S2. Call ofilce.
MILK ran^h fcr eale: In city llmts; every-
thing complete. Box <309. Call office.
TWO No. l patent rights (novelties) for sale by
j>ater.tee. Iloom 15. 30S Sutter et.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
COUNTRY merchantTtradlncVlth Indians can
find a market for Indian baskets by address-
Ing the Mexican and Indian Curio Co.. 515
Seventeenth st.. Denver. Colo...
TO rent— Fcr coal yard, milk depot, etc.: One
location; place is entirely covered: contains 3
stalls; rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
ESTABLISHED bakery & restaurant; will sell
reasonable ; account slckneti. 714 Valencia,
WTO— CORNER grocery and bar, with 4 living
rocms. 3111 Howard St., corner Langton.
R.ESTAURANT fcr sale; established 10 years;
will be sold at Earrifice. 1C.4 Hyde st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplies from GEO.
W. OSWELL A CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertl?ements ar.d subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
f ubscriptlons lias teen established at 109«
Vnlencla ft. ________________
LODGING-HOISES FOR SALK.
A— 23-ROOM roominjr-hou»s: central ..$1000
11-room house; POO down, balance easy:. 5C0
20-room house; first cla.«s 1050
SO-rocsn house; all newly furnished 31X)
ll-rocm hcuse. f-175: 6-room flat 325
KIFHER &¦ CO.. 1032 Market at.
A— SAY, FISHER & CO.. have you lodging-
houses? Yes, what price? }300 up. any loca-
ticn Ueslred; 12 rooms, •S390; 10 rooms. $450; 10
rooms, new. JWO. fine: 20 rcoms, bargain. $75J:
37 rooms. $.000. snap: all s'.zes. all pr.ces, all
n?w bargains; call and see us. 1022 Market.
D5-ROOMED house, north of Market; bargain,
bargain.
44-roomed apartment house.
22-roomod house; gr>o<l location,
i^'-roomnd house on Golden Gate ave.
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy St.. room 1.
HAVE a good ranch at Napa to exchange for
a lodging-house. Address Ranch, box 19S0,
Call office. ~ -v?
OVER 2C0 houses for sale; price, location, slz?
an<i t«"r~r:s to suit you: call for list. M. GRIF-
FIN. 713 Market St.. room 1. by "Call" bldg.
FOURTEEN weli-furrlshed rooms; gocd tran-
sient: r.n arorts. Sr.C Howard Ft.
CAB-IIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kln.is of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st. j
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light j
carr.plrK wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission. |
NEW & i'i-hand vaigons. buggies, carts & har- '
n<ss. work ft driving horses, "th & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO PPTTOXSJ
MF*Y of nil kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
«rbo!_-l« and retail; Fend for catalogue.
Mlnl-teWl Portrait Co.. ?:¦::! Market St.. S. F.
CAIU'ET 11KATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHKN you become difgrustod with poor work
tend to" fcPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 37-2-Z:.', 1>__m_ et. ; tel. South 40.
J. McQL"Ki:S'S California Carpet Clt-aning Co..
4J3 S^;evcns=cn H. ; tel. S5oi:th 22S: lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Ccrp"t-B?ating and Reno-
vating Co.. 21" Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Ca»-pet-Beating Works, <3. H.
STEVENS, m.?r.. 38-40 Sth st.; »e_ South £50.
CARPET? cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4<.\ I
STHATTOX'S. 3 Eighth Et.: tel. Jessie 944. :
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3S4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beat— r Works, 333 Golden
<late ave.: telephone H.ist 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNION?, ir.srown nail?, corns, absolute cure.
painless: consult' n free. I/r.Duncan.415 Putter, j
SPIRITUALISM. ¦
., 1 .r_T_^_-_r 1^.r, x- .r-..,-. _- -^-- J^^._r^ !
ARRIVED— Mrs Dr. F.irnliam. world-renowned I
F;.iritual ciMliim; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unite? the s»[ia- j
rated: mining a specialty: clrs. Sun.. Wed.. F"ri.
eve'f: come ar>d be Convinced. (Permanently)
GUI E'My St., bet. Hyde nnd Larkln; no sign.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-nijrht: convincing test •¦
£ 1>. m. Mrs. Maxwell. 1C3S Howard: read. dly. I
MATCHETT holds circle to-r.ight. « o'clock: j
:0c; test all. 132 Fourth; sittings dally, 50c. j
MME. MAJORS, rifted spiritual medium, j
he_ler and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. room 1. )
MRS. LESTER— Circle Sun., Tues.. Fri. eves..
10c; reading dally; I_ 2r.c, G. COc. 127 Turk.
WATSON, famous palmist, medium; special
th«s -week: full reading. 2-"c & "^c. 15S1 Market.
1IRH. FEAU medium, cures the t«bacco habit:
life readings und treatment? daily. 325 KUia.
"WYLLIE. photo medium. SO Kills Ft.; last
wf-k: come early: open Sunday.
Hits. .1. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busj- j
ners medium, life reader; sittings fL 1104 Mkt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 33i McAIIl-ter-Mrs. C. J. j
Meyer, sit. dally; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c. i
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. I
16 trngep. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. I
¦ !
CLAIRVOYANTS. i
_____ LAXUn, the CTfat clairvoyant, tells payt. j
future; never fails; ha? the greatest Kgyptlan j
secret; Fhcws picture fj:tur? husband or wife; j
fee 25c and ep', _ti__cuon to everybody: open '
Bandar*. 11S7 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th. |
_______ POKTER, wonc'erful clairvoyant & card ]
reader, born with double veil & second sight. |
d:acnos?s disease with life reading; ladies DOc: |
pet.ts $1: palm. & clalr, sit. $1 DO. 126 Turk st. j
ISMAR. the Kpyptian gJT'^5* clairvoyant and j
jialm'.st. jK'-rmanently located 114i Market.opj>. j
C:h; private readings daily U a. m. to S p. m. j
MME. BERNARD reails life fluently; ddvlce I
given in all affairs in life: satisfaction guar- j
nnteed- 20c up. 17 Third st.. next Kxaminer. ;
MMB. ZERHDA, the gypsy. Is thp great palm- |
1st and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign. I
MItS.MELVILLB. —-ell-known clairvoyant. water i
reader, moved to 11 Sixth; (Jirman s_K>k»-n. I
HMK. HANSON, palmistry, card rrad?r; past,
present, future. 25c. US Sixth Ft., room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, test, business medium, card
reader. _5e up. S_3 Mission st..nr.4th; no sign. '
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader qnd
palmistry: truth or no pay: 2f>c. 1140 Mission.
MME. SCHAKFKIt. clairvoyant, card reader
sittintrs dally. 212H Sixth f-t.
MME. RAVENNA read? life fluently; business
advice: namc3 given: 2T»c up. 5 Fourth st.
MT.m SVPILLE— Cradle to crave; future hus-
band's picture. £."«: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GF.ORGE "U*. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
le-« fur-cessful. Room 3:0. S27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
3 ROOMS: 340 SunnyFlde ave.; $7. THE Mc-
CARTI1Y CO.. C4f, Market St.
DENTISTS.
AT tl'e ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 80S Mar-
ket st.. ror. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crown*.
fJ 10 ui>: plntes, extractions free, $» 50 up; of-
fice hour?. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with feme of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work: all
work yir&r, ranted: plates, full set. $5; fillings,
COc; crown, iZ 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
derful tecret. painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; iady attendants.
DR. GEORGE \V. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
CROWN ar.d bridge work experts: our work Is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest: call
nnd see cur samples and get our prices before
rolnsr elsewhere; best of references: examina-
tion free. JtRS. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019
Market Ft.. b»t. Fixth and Seventh; elevator.
TKETH extracted free; plates. $3; crowns. $3 50:
I'rldgework. ?5: all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 0 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlor*. 12C8 Market, cor. O. G.
DTI LUPLUM HILL. 144i Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made— old plates made over like new; teeth
IS ;>»r set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
j DR ALIJERT HILL. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
I Jcr a perfect ret of teeth and teeth without
| i-laf-s: lowest prices fcr the best work.
| LOWEST r rices in B. F.: painless extraction.
j f.Oc. New York r^ntlsts. PC* Mlcslon. cor. Cth.
I P.AKIS T>pntal Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set cf teeth. $«; crowns, $2; fillings. 23c.
'< VAN VP.OOM— ••Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
i 1001 Market Bt.. corner Sixth.
EFT of teeth without plate. DR. IL oT
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk ct. ¦
DOO HOSPITALS.
DR. BL'ZAIID'S Dos Hospital^ VostrTrillmore^-
| A-lvIce and medicine, 7S«: city visits, $1 60; all
I cnimals treated; docs boarded. Tel. West 636.
; DH. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
j 1-y druggists or at hpypltal. SlOGoldenGate a.v.
j DUI^SgMAKEUS AXI) SEAMSTHESSES
McIXiWELL^ Dressmaking and <MUlinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market Bt.
B. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
linery School; French g;._tem. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleal-
lns, pinking. 121 Tost, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDCCATIOXAt.
AYRES' Business College, 72J Market St.; life
scholarship, $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
10 new typewriters; catalogue free^
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical nnd mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
A NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
bulldlr.g. Mason and Ellis Bts. ; registration,
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
rchool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
lansln*: quarters. Come up and see us. 305
Larkln st. , «
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons; S
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
•*2S. TARR. expert, accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey. aFsay. cyanic* 1 , arch.: day, eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN PER NA1LLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
FRENCH students— 1 or 2 boarded: professor's
quiet family; ref. req. Maury, box 40fi7, Call.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Leipsic: lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writlne.
etc.. day cr eve.; $S mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE .TEUNE Art and Craft RchoolV modeling.
nVslgrlnr. carving, all branches. 42t Pine nt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFTCES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab over 10 years: all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE HouFPclennln? Co.— Walters, cooks,
dishwashers. Est. 1SS0. in2C Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office^ — Best help
furn.; domestic sen-. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.r.r.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. SO'J<,_ Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.: tel. Et»st 42>i.
EMPLOYMEM W.IXTEI) — FEMALE.
A FIRRT-CLAHS lady's maid desires situation;
2 years' reference. J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter
WANTED — By elderly American woman, situ-
ation to do" housework In small family; no
objection to country. MRS. A. M. C, 12\i
Soon place, between Powell and Mason, Pa-
cific and Eroadwav.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes a place
as working housekeeper; good cook and
baker: city or country. Address 9S3 Howard
st.. near Sixth.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day.
washing, ironing and housecleanlng; $1 and
car fare. Box 4018. Call office.
FIRST-CLAPS French and Gorman cook de-
sires situation in good private family. 1522
Polk St.. room 17.
GERMAN girl wishes a position doing general
hourework. G26 Waller St., between Stelner
and Pierce.
POSITION wanted as trimmer for country. 9
yearb' experience; can give first-class refer-
ences. Box 4914. Call office^
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
hcusework and plain cooking: wnges $1S to
$20. Call 2S31 Twenty-fourth st.. nr. Bryant.
BOOKKEEPER and typewriter with experl-
enct; salary moderate; reference. Box 3322,
Call office. '
STRONG young woman wants work by the
day. Address MBS. M. S., 33^ Gilbert st.
rOUNO lady wishes position In an office;
writes a grood hand. Address box 33.12, Call.
YOUNO woman wishes situation; li_rht house-
work and cooking. 1231 Market st.
POSITION as nurse, institution or hospital, by
experienced lady; would leave city. Box 4911,
Call offi.-?. /v
WANTED — By young lady, position as com-
panion to elderly lady; city cr Oakland. Box
4CC3 Call gfflce. _______
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night. $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103G Va-
lencia st.
EJII'I.OA'3IKST WASTED MALE.
MAN and wife want situations; good cook and
baker; wife as helper, chambermaid or wait-
ress; hotel, boarding house or institution; j
city or country: wcges moderate. Address
A. R.. 63S Jessie St.. off Seventh.
CARPENTER, active, Al, handy with paint- !
or>. paiHThanKer's and bricklayer's tools,
wants work, city or country: strong, steady
man: has carpenter's tools. Box 3327. Call.
POSITION wanted by middle-aged German as
gardener for private place; Is handy, sober
and industrious; Christian place preferred;
cither city or country. Box r.326. Call office.
CARPENTER, good, all round man. wants
work; city or country; active and strong; ca«.
pable of any kind of work: has had charge
of Jobs. Box 4916. Call office.
STEADY reliable man wants position as
blacksmith cr machinist helper In factory or
, power houre; 10 years In game place. Box
I r?23. Call Ofiice.
i COACHMAN wants position on private country
i place; understands care of horses, lawn and
I general work: good reference. Box 3330, Call.
! RESPECTABLE young man wishes to hear of
1 a position °f any kind; good reference. Box
I 4910, Call office.
I WANTED— A position by a barber of 2 years'
experience; from the East. GEO. ASHEN-
| DEN. general delivery, city.
| SOBER. Industrious middle-aged man wishes
I Fituation as gardener, carpenter, general
chore work; 3 years' experience as porter;
best references. Box 3316, Call office.
JAPANESE young man and wife wants place;
man to do cooking and wife to wait at
table. Box 4tOS. Call Office,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencla et
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EVES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N*. Mann«s<\ oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FIX.VXCIAL.
IF you hsve stocks or bonds of any kind for
rale, rail or address PACIFIC COAST VH-
DEnWRITINO CO.. E04 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET,
COTYA?fE~tTM~26_^M^kTt'TrrbeL Sixteenth
and Seventeenth; rent $22; 6 rooms and .bath.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDAVIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
$20— HANDSOME Sat^ first-class condition;
warm belt; choice location; beautiful view.
Ill Liberty gt.
$30 — ELEGANT 7-room flat; modern Improve-
ments. 2490 Sacramento St.. near Webster.
5 BOWIE ave. — Flat of 3 rooms; cheap rent.
FURMTUKE FOR SALIC.
FOR SALE— New carpet»-_nd furniture of a 1-
room fiat at 2466 Seventeenth St., near Guer-
rero: call between 10 and 1 o'clock; no dealers.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No. 7
rgpcf. King Furaltum <_o-. "27-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before Belling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer- L. Vincent, 1303 Larkln ;tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furr.'d houses bought: spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silverstein. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLI'ERT. 773 Mission Bt., pays
highest price for your second-hand furnitura.
W. E. CODY Mate with J. T. Terry £ Co.) tou> 0
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3.153.
HELP WAXTED-KEMALE.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and care of children; sleep home.
309 Twelfth St. ; .
IRONERS— Eureka Laundry, 20 Collingwood,
etreet.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth st... near Valencia,*
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry, ¦ Slx-
teenth et.. near Valencla.
GIRL wanted for cooking and housework; small
family; references. 1816 Baker at ¦-; - ', ;r
APPRENTICE on coaU> paid while learning.
H. DAVIS, 119 Russ St.
HELP WANTED-.FEMALE.
C. K. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
5 waitresses, city, $20 and $25; waitresses for
Bakersfield, Corning, Fresno, San Mateo,
Woodland, Redwood City, Uktah. Martinez,
Colusa, Madera, Santa Barbara and Keswick,
$20 and $25, many of them faro paid; 3 cham-
bermaids to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, $la
and $17 E0; woman cook, $30; fancy ironers,
$35
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..... v ...
Woman with a child, $25; ranch cook, $2a; 2
cooks, $30; houseglrls, Ryde, New Almaden,
Fresno. Redwood City. Gait, $20, $25; second
girl. Redwood City, $25; 50 housegirls, second
girls, etc., city and country. c - K - HANSLN
6 CO., 104 Geary et.
WANTED— Pantry girl, $25. see party to-da>:
2 waitresses for coffee parlor. $7 a week: 10
hotel waitresses, $20, city and country: 3 walt-
reeseg for railroad eating house, $20; cook, $30,
no wash, see lady at 11 a, m. : 3 cooks, $30,
ehort distance; 7 second girls, $20, $25; nurse,
2 children. $25; 3 hotel cooks. $30, $40; 3 par-
lormaids and waitresses, $25; 2 laundresses,
and chambermaids, $25, $30; laundress, $30:
175 housegirls, $20, $25. J. F. CROSETT. 316
Sutter Et. ¦ _
A-WAXTED
2 plain Ironers.. $12 a week; near city: fare
paid. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
6 PROTESTANT chambermaids: first-class city
hotel. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell; Bteady.
WANTED— Danish or Scandinavian girl . for
general housework; small family; across the
bay; $25. Call at 210S Broadway, city.
YOUNG- girl to take care of 2 children and do
light housework; $S; can sleep home if pre-
ferred. 4 Twelfth st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking: four In family; no washing. 1C0S
Scott st., near Sutter. _^____^
WANTED— A nursegirl to take charge of child
G years' of age; sleep home; wages $S. 81b
Sutter st. ; call after 1 p. m. .
"WANTED— Woman a few hours a day to as-
sist In housework and little sewing. 3370
Seventeenth st., near Guerrero.^^
6 GIRLS, experienced and Inexperienced. CAS-
CADE LAUNDRY. 175 Tenth bt. ¦
NEAT girl for light housework and assist with
child; wages $10. 1S27 Bush st.
25 EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists,
S. F. MAN'FG CO.. 409A Turk st.
RETOUCHERS wanted! Apply at BUSH-
NELL'S, 1C0S Market Et.. to-day.
GOOD reliable girl to assist in housework.
4034 Seventeenth St.
WANTED— An assistant sleevemaker. 1037
l'ost st.
WANTEI>-Female operators on custom coats;
good wages. 14 Harriet st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; plain cook-
ing; 3 In family; wages $15. 632 Lyon st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework:
wages $20. Apply at 1911 Green Et.
GIRLS to fold paper boxes; one to run gluing
machine. 16 Fremont st^ .
GIRL for general housework: good wages; Ger-
man or Swedish. 907 Devlsadero st.
GIRL for general housework. 1124 Greenwich
St., near Hyde.
GIRL to help around house from 10 a. in.;
sleep home., 36S Geary Et.
GIRL to assist In light housework. Inquire
at 1013 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL for general housework; 3 In family;
wages $15. 1S26A Sutter st.
dlRLS-wlth experience. Bgok bindery. 536
Clay at. .
EXPERIENCED apprenticed tailoress wanted
! at 171 Montgomery St.; entrance inside. __
GIRL, general housework; small family; wages
$20. 719 Cole st.
WANTED— Par.ts finishers. Call ready to work.
346 Sixth st. _|
YOUNG girl to do light housework; wages
$10. 132 Second ave, Richmond.
WANTED— Girl to assist with housework and
plain cooking. 1509^ '¦ Broadway.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
also a nurseglrl. 2912 Clay st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework, plain
i cooking: wages up to $20. 305 Scott st.
GIRL~wanted for light housework. 1044 Ellis
fctreet. . ]
GIRL to assist with light housework and baby,
$S to $10. 772 McAllister st.
GIRL about 15 years to mind baby. 15 Bour-
bon St.. off Edd}\
WAITRESSES— Reliable girls for dining-room.
API'Iy 4-iS Third at. ,
WANTED— A first-class German cook; refer-
ences required. Apply 1 to 3 at 2411 Jacl'.son.
WANTED— Experienced, thorough hands on
gloves; work given out. 611% ¦ Gough : «t.
I FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted; good wnges.
»;31 any st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid;: steady w6rk; prizes for quick work.
Arply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
INO CO.. Harrison ave.. between Seventh
and Eighth sts.. off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
EHIRT FACTORY, ccr. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
*2V> Fremont St.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WOOLEN mill help wanted— Boss finisher and
weavers on blankets: highest '.vases paid on
the coast: correspondence confidential. Apply
J. W. COLLINS. 7 nnd 9 Battery St.. city.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers; also
glrln to sew on buttons. NEWBAUER BROS..
18 First st.
ACTIVE girls to learn fancy Ironing nt ST.
NICHOLAS LAUNDRY. 17th and Folsom sts.
GIRL general housework, wnshing; small fam-
ily adults; wages $15 to $1S. 315 Scott st.
GIRL, 1G to IS. to look after 3-year-old child.
117A Bartlett 8t. 7
Al FINISHER on suits at M. SIMINOFF. 122S
Market st.
WA NTEt)— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 FoUom st.. between 12th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and Bubscrlptlon*
received at Call branch office. ?200 Flllmqre at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
HEX? WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN „ CO.'S. ...104 GEARY ST.
500 men for R. It. work
200 teamsters. State of Nevada $2 a day
60 teamsters, Monterey County $2 a day
f.0 laborers, Truckee $1 90 a day
20 tunnel men for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park. Los Angeles County, $2 and $2 50 a day,
fee $1 ship dally free, fare
Wanted— 6 burlelgh drillers, $3 a day; 10 team-
sters and laborers, near city, $2 a day, fee $1,
fare $1. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 JNGERSOLL drillers. $3 a day, see boss here:
4 quartz miners for Marlposa County, $2 a day
and found, see boss here. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
20 TEAMSTERS and laborers for Cal. North-
western R. R. Co., new work, $2 a day
free fare ..ship daily
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
French chef, $100; 4 cooks, country hotels, $40
to $60; 20 diBhwashers and kitchen hands, $25
and $30; laundryman and wife, institution, $60;
washer. Institution,* $30; laundryman, country
hotel, $35; nurse. Institution, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— THIRD cook $50
bellboy, $25; potwasher, $30; dishwasher, $30/
all for club. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary, st.
WANTED— Experienced men to attend to hor_e 3
on transports to China, returning here in 90
days. Apply to C. R. HANSEN. 104 Geary st.
FARMER and wife, see boss here, $50: laun-
dryman and wife for Institution, $60; 2 Iron-
ers. country. $12 week; farmers. $25; milk-
er, $25; 2 stablemen, $35 and found: butter
maker for. city, $30 and found; 3 men about
plaee, $20; gardener for country hotel, $25.
J. F, CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
COOK and wife, country hotel, $75; hotel cook.
$40; 2 l>oardln_r-house cooks. $40 and $45; res-
taurant cook, $70; restaurant second coo*, $45;
hctel and restaurant waiters, $30 and $35;
porter, $20 and found; dishwasher, $30; assist-
ant Janitor, $8 week. 3. F. CROSETT Agency.
628 Sacramento st. ,
FOREMAN for water Jacket ore furnace. $1
to $4 50 day; '3 feeders for furnace, $3
day; 3 tappers, $3 50 day;, 6 more la-
borers about furnace, $2 to $2 40 day; 15
laborers for mill and, woods, $28 and board:
.20 railroad laborers, free fare; edscerman.- $3
day; planerman. $50 and found; -10 boys for
box factory. $1 to $2 day, fare paid, and oth-
erg. J. F. CROSETT, Agency. 628 Sacramento.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
tnent. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th : tel. Jessie 152.
BOY wanted. Apply .after 9 a. m. at the Stev-
«nson-st. entraiwe CHARLES LYONS, Lon-
don Tailor. 721 Market st.
MAN who has had come experience In a feather
factory and ' can • handle machinery; steady
work: city job. - Apply box 3328. Call office.
SHOEMAKER wanted; good Job for first-class
man. T. F. TAYLOR, 1013 Seventh »t.. Sac-
ramento. Cal. . , . -. . ;
BOY. at the California Clothing Renovatory.
116 Geary st. . :
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & REAr>Y"!77rrrPhone Main 58 IS
...Leading- Employment and Labor Agents...
• • WANT 7 A: M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE... WE SHIP FREE
To all parts of California, Nevada, Utah and
other States and Territories
Los Angeles Santa Barbara District
Dunsmulr ...Redding Shasta
Fresno Truckee Districts
Reno. Nev Salt Lake City
Surf San Luis Bakersfleld
Soda Springs and 53 other points, laborers-
teamsters, tunnelmen, etc., $3. J2 50, $2. *1 75
day ....Free fare
Only Jl fee $1 fee only
MURRAY & READY,
634-6C6 Clay st.
A— J3 LABORERS.. TO. .HELP CARPENTERS
Anybody will suit. $30, $35, $40 and found
Come see MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
A-50 -LABORERS. Humboldt County, $60;
264 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, some In San Francisco, also in
factories. $2 30, $2, ?1 75 day. 25 scraper team-
sters, north ' $40 and found
Loggers, crosscut sawyers, $45 and found;
swampers: 16 drillers, city Job; 12 hammer
m«)i; brlcksetters, wheelers; edgerman, $3
d*»; 130 men to build a flume; hammer and
hatchet men. J40 and found; 5 men to coal
cart. $2 day; 50 men to pile lumber ..$50
TO MINES
25 men sls laborers for mines $34 and found
26 miners, single hand work. $73. $60; 136 farm
hands, steady Jobs. $33. $30. $26 and found;
26 milkers, butter makers, $30 and found; 18
stablemen, city and country, $40, $30, $25 and
found; 3 farmers and wives; married furnace
man; 16 choremen and boys $25, $20. $15, $10
and found
10 vaqueros to break colts to saddle, $43 and
found, steady, good Job; iC teamsters, road
work ;.1 $32 GO and found
5 men to run Ingerroll drills
For all other jobs come and see
MURRAY & READY,
C34-63G Clay st.
A— G CARPENTERS for ranches, etc.. $40 and
found; 3 painters, house work. $2 50 to $3 day, ,
fare 70c; painter's helper; 12 blacksmiths ana !
horseshoers; also helpers; sash anil door !
maker, $3 day
MURRAY ii READY.
:*. . 634-630 Clay st.
A — AVE pay your fares to sawmills, wowls, etc. ;
3S6 men for all classes, of work; laborers, etc.,
no experlnnce required, you'll suit; wages $26,
$?0. $35. $40 and 'found; also 50 mlllmen. 50
woodsmen, shingle sawyers; also every other
class of help for sawmills and woods
Woodchoppers, tiemakers, etc., tools and pro-
Visions furnished
FRUIT PICKERS
150 men and boys for fruit and grape pick- :
ing. work in packing and drying houses. Sort
and found. MURRAY & READY, 631-U-6
Clay st.
A-HOTEL BAKERY BUTCHER....
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Steward, country hotel, see boss here. $J0 !
anil found
23 cooks $:.O, $60, $40. $30 and found
19 waiters $?."., $30, $25, $3) and found
V: dishwashers $30, $25, $20, Sl*» and found
• 12 bakers' assistant?, tiO, $">. $30 and found
12 laundrymen, $40. $33. $2i>, $2i and found
can<lymakers; portor help lor Institution; gro- j
cory eierk and drive
6 butchfrs $35, $50 and $C0 and found
Pantryman; ice cream makers
Bakery wagon driver. $30 and found
MURRAY & READY,
fi34-C36 Clay ?t.
A— FOR a Government position, an experienced
stenographer and typewriter. AIUKKAY Jc
READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— WANTED '*
Head gardener for large private place, m-ar
city: $r,0 and found. W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay st.
A— WANTED
2 plain ironers. $12 a week; washer, same
liur.dry. $12 a week; near city and fare paid.
W. P.* EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A—VVANTED6
Ranch blacksmith, $40 and board; farmer and
wife to run place on shares; groom for trot-
ters, ?20 and found; hostler for colts, $20 and
round: hostler fcr brood mares, 120 and found;
hpek driver. iZO and found; 2 men for winery.
$21 and found; hostler, private place, $-'.".;
gnrdener, same place. $25. see boss at our
office; 2 woodchoppers. San Mateo County,
$3 a cord; 2 laborers for mine, $2 a day; dairy-
iran on large ranch, $23: Swiss milker, $30;
youth for wholesale house; 4 miners. $2 a
day; vegetable gar<l»ner. i-i; 16 farmers. $2S
nnd $20. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 (May st.
WANTED— Reliable all-round man for head
' lscep»r and general work on hunting ark;
must thoroughly understand running gasoline
engine r.nj experienced* with boats; no other
need apply, wages $40 and found. Apply box
3325. Call office^
YOUNG man wanted to deliver orders and help
In bakery. 1410 Polk St.. near l'lne; wages
__$2P. > i
STEADY man with $100; permanent place that
will pay Jfi.1 mo.: short hours: light work; ex-
perience not necessary. 1016 Market, room 10.
BARBERS — Good-paying 5-chair shop; must be
sold on account of departure; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.^WS Ellis st
WANTED— WALTER D. FORD to report at
Kntlen Immediately.
COaTMAKER for country. Apply REISS
IIKOS. * CO., 24 Sutter st,
GOOD coatmakers waited. S30 Market St.,
rooms 3 and 4.
BU8HELMAM nnd press*r at the California
Clothlnc Renovatory, 11C Geary st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1410 PolJt St.. near
J'Jne; waces 125.
DISHWASHER wanted; must carry trays. 37
¦ Eddy st. ¦
DISHWASHER; apply early. 4«S Third gt.
TINSMITH wanted. So5 Howard st.
ERRAND boy wanted. (Wi Stevenson st.
YOUNG men to feed Job presses and one for
Colt's nrmory cutting prfss. 16 Fremont 6t.
VEOETABLEMAN wanted. Park Hotel. 26
Turk fct.
WANTED— Boy for jewelry stor?; must work
••venlns*.' Box 3"23. Call office.
COOK and fli-st-class waitress wanted. 201
Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED boy to run electric elevator;
references required. Box 4919, Call office.
HOY 1.1 toJS years old wanted to attend soda
water fountain. Inquire early, S10 Market st.
PORTER wanted for barber shop. 11 Sixth st.
LUNCH ¦waiter wanted. Southeast corner
Main and Howard Bts.
AN elderly man to cook for 4 or 5 men; wages
$10 a month. 500 Halght st.
ELDERLY man can have a home for some
service; wages $5 month. 500 Halght st.
WANTED— Fourth hand to help on cakes. 331
Fourth st.
WANTED — A day.cook at 139 Sixth St., Boston
Restaurant.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. 20C3 Fillmore
Kt.. corner Pir.e.
YOUNG butcher wanted to take orders And so-
licit trade. Box 3331. Call office.
LUNCH wnltor wanted.- 223 Brannan St.
TWO lunch waiters wanted. Southeast corner
Fremont and Mission sts.
MARKER wanted at St. Nicholas Laundry,
f-'eventrenth and Folsom sts.
WANTED— A middle-aged man to wash dishes.
Apply Central Hotel, 530 Third st.
WANTED — Good plumber and helper. 2937 Six-
teenth St., near Mission.
1 GOOD cook and 1 dishwasher. 60S Seventh
street.
WANTED— Good, steady man on bread. 1517
Powell st. ...
WANTED— Undertresser on vests. Room 1, St.
Anne building. 6 Eddy st. .
LUNCH waiter wanted at northeast corner of
- Howard and Beale sts. ¦
GERMAN boy for printing office. Room 3, 533
California st. "¦• ¦ .----:
GOOD young barber wanted. 1759 Union Bt.
WAITER wanted. 210 Townsend st.
BARBERS— 4-chnlr shop and baths; fine? loca-
tion; must sell Immediately: no reasonable
- offer, refused. Address box 3315. Call.
AN all around butcher for a first-class ma«-
ket. Address .WARREN LEWIS, Sta. C.. P.O.
WANTED— Salesman; furnishing goods dept.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 71S Market st.
FIVE first-class mill bench: hands: one wood
turner. NIEHAUS BROS. CO.., West Berke-
ley Planing. Mills.
WANTED— C Jewelers; steady work; no Ehort
I time. 'Apply, stating wages wanted and par-
¦ tlculars.. JOS. >IAYER & BROS.. Seattle.
i FOR sale— A 3-chair barber shop, en account of
! • going East. 14 Turk st. .
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 527 Four-
teenth St., near Guerrero.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. '- Boston House. 930 Howard st.
' ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. '; 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
' BOY wanted. San Francisco and Pacific Glass
• I -Works. Seventh and Townsend sts.
I MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
; ! Barber College, 741A Howard st. .
• '. SAILORS, ordinary seamen ar.d ' green hands;
I all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
'. I PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, .la wver, 18
I ............years' practice; Examiner building.
HELP WAXTEP MALE.
WANTED- Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Ccrps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of Rood character, between the ages
cf 21 and Zo years; not less than a feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height:
raust be citizens of the United States cr per-
sons who have lezally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, writ*
and speak Er.ellsh properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal., o3O K St..
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1058 J St.. Fresno, Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
Meier's Barber College, £35 Clay st.
: DENTIST— 1st. class, good habits & address. 10
take charge books & business of wide prac-
tice; large salary: security required Oakland
Dental Co.. 1063 Washington at.. Oakland.
WANTED-Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : ISO large
V>>">iT!s; 25c per night; 11 to $2 per week. .
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or^commis-
sion: city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood bulld'.n;.
GET vour shoes half soled while waiting; 2ic
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 3d sfry
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near *far-
ket: 7C0 rooms, "."c plpht; reading-room; free
'b\:s and b.Tipage to and from the ferry.
LINDK.LL Hcuse. corner Sixth and Howard—
lboms l.'i- to 25c right: 73c to t2 per week.
CLASSIFIED cdvert:sements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore- st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Vnlenciq. st. _
HOnSKS, LIVE STOCK, Ktc For Sale
40 HORSES for fale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
321 Sixth Ft.; auction 'sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ,t DOYLK. Auctioneers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses; also
pneumatic- nnd rubber-tired hussies: chea;>.
Occidental TIor»» Exchange. 721 Howard st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: «end for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
2307 HOWARD — House 10 ro*ms. bath, laun-
dry, range: large, garden; rent J3o-
HOUSE to let of 4 rooms and cellar; kitchen.
2C03 Polk st.
$22 50 — MODERN house. 7 rooms; large base-
rnent. 3C7 Photwell st.. near Klghteenth.
LOST AXD FOIJXD.
LOST— F.lack lace scarf at Odd Fellows' Hall,
valued as a keepsake; reward. Ii33 Devi?a-
dero st.
LOST— Diamond looket; engraved; E. J. M.
j suitable reward. Drugstore. 1228 Market st.
I LOST — Violet pin with diamond, J_ckson or
j Fillmore cars. Reward 1006 Valencia st.
I LOST— Fox terrier bitch, black and white eyes;
I nr.me Tatls; liberal reward. 35 Geary st.
' LOST— In Golden Gate Park, lady's gold watch;
initials B. 8. en outside. Return to 1103
Ninth St., Oakland; reward.
LOST— Clack and tan dog: name Zip; license
tag attached to collar; $10 reward. Dewey
House, 32 nast s«t.
I LOST— Diamond stud, valued as keepsake; llb-
; eral reward. CSSS Twenty-third st.
! medTcalI
DR. and M^sT5^VIE^!^rM^rl{eTTt^Rein
able ladles' and genti" upcclalijts; i2 years'
practice: have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully: a positive cure guarantee-1 at of-
fice; <a<tles treated can return home the same
'lay; try the celebrated HIXDO HERB treat-
j ment for home care; any one can use it by dl-
1 . rections; perfectly harmless: home for confine-
ment. SjenJ five 2-cent stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONKELU the world-ronowned
ladies' specialist; safe nnd reliable; has prac-
tl'cd In San Francisco for years: treated thoti-
E.inUj of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
ethers fall call on him. lf)23',-i Market St.
DKS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $j; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 1". years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home: low fees. 1W1*~ Market St.. near Sixth.
I ALL nervous and mental diseases cured: reft
j nnd sleep assured ; highest testimonials. F.
P. N.Van Lande^hem. L>. P, L.. late of 16 E.
1 03.1 St., N. Y. City, rms. 0 it C; office hours
! S till 1 o'clock, C4O GolUr-n Gate a*.
NG TOY KKE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, canrer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonial?; advice fre». Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento fit., corner Ive^rny.
MRS. DR. WYF.TH. reliable specialist: *S yrs.
j practice; home In confinement: treatment a 1 .
I office. fc>; any aliment; consultation free; coi-
j fidentlil. 91Z Post st.. bet. Hyd? and Krkln.
A — NEW process; every woman her own phy-
sician; no meaieine or pills used: practical
physician 37 yrs. Dr. POPPEU. 7,1"! Kearny.
HP.?. DR. KOHL, the woll-known and reliable
l.-iilics" specialist; Ruarantee.1 treatment at of-
tlce. to; positive cure. 44S Eddy. nr. Levnwrth.
j MHS. M. ALLEN. 10T. Market-Ladies' special-
ist; home In confinement; safe and -ellable,
[ consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. and MRS. Si. WEGEXER- Prlva.tR home
In confinement. 1H12 Golden Gate ave.
DR WONC. HIM. herb doctor, trrats ill dis-
eases of thA human body. 11.". Mason *<..
MISCELLANEOUS KOIt SALE.
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
UffOSH, & WOLPMAN. 1SJ-137 Fremont st.
CARS, back bars, mirrors, shn^rcases. counters ,
linoleum, new and second-hard: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
3'_* complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 101?. 1021. 1023 Mission st..
above Sixth; writ" for catalovrue.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mlnlr.ff Co.. situated In Nevada
County, 13 miles north of Auburn: 2 patented
e-laiir.s; f-stamp quartz mill: ditch ami hoist-
ing works complete. For further particulars
' lnqulra of A. MEISTKR. 911 Ninth St.. Hac-
rar.ientn, CaL |
A — BUYS, sells or rents Rear machinery. «n-
rlnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear gt.
8 H.-P. 2nd-hand steam engine and boiler; also
for gasoline. 6. 4, 3 and m h.-p. each: first-
class: bargains. EPSTBIN. 53S Mission st.
STEEL tanks, all sIzps; suitable for water or
' oil; cheap: all shapes; eecond hand. U. S.
WHITE. 516 Mission ?t
A — J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. }1 75. Pop-
: ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A-1P0 HORSEPOWER enplne, boiler, 7 drill
air compressor. JARDINICS. 220 Fremont st.
IMPORTED ladles* nnd gents' saddles for
sale. 1313 Green »t.
FOX terrier pups for sale, cheap. 573 Chestnut
street.
FOUR-room cottase. to be moved. 2413 Har-
rison St.. between Twentieth nnd Twenty-flrst.
SAFES— New nnd second hand. THE HER-
MAK.V PAFK CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FIREPROOF snfe for sale cheap. 42 Main st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke. 13'J I>ale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; murlni
pictures. RULLAKD & BRFCK, 131 Post st.
FINE suit. $10; dress pants, t; 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies- selling
, cheap. W. A. HARTTF.R. T.13 F.xaminT bids.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
gults for ?2 r.O. Portland Loan Office. 2.*. Stktn.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof rafe. 216 Callfcrnla st.
ID-HAND photocraphl.? and maifle lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ar.d
1 boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
EDISON concert phonograph; reduced price
t73; concert records. ?! 10. Daclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFF.S— New nrrl second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1O?-H1 Market ??.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS AVA.NTS.
AN Oliver typewriter wanted; state price. Ad-
dress box 40S3, Call office.
LADIES' ami jrents" onst-ofT clothing bought Jt
sold. Sllverman. SSI Folscm: Ul Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
n-brac and boohs. 1W Sixth St.: tel. Jessie 141.
IF you wish full vjlue for your cast-off clothing
rail on TJ. COHEN. K.7 Thinl: tel. Bteek UZi.
MO.MiV TO LOA.%.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2J nnd &1 mort-
gagee, undivided Interest, real entnto In pn>-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; n .j de-
lay; get my terms before doint; business else-
where. It. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, p. *
ANY proposition, any amount: < per cent: first,
eecond mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, 'legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room K>. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAX & OLSE*.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
st. ; tel. Main 1C44. Branch 1i Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; 'luick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Ruoms
GS and 69, Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages anil on
furniture or pianos: n» removal: any amount;
lowest rate. BECKEIt & CO.. IS Montgomery.
MONEY TOLOAV %
ilOST reliable place to borrcw on dlamcnes.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 128 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable prlvat*
place to borrow.- on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davla 935.
£CO,0CO AT « per cent In sums to suit in city:
also J150.CU0 on larsre ranches; also on second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. 201 Johea st.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Alerchants' Ex., 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confl-
dentlal; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried pebple without security: all >>u*I-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott b!;j.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.. solves all kir.J.i of
financial problems; "d mortgasPS. estate?, etc.
ON furrit'ire. pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101, B Eddy st.
CASH loanerl to salaried people on note witnout
lndorser. MOREELL. 600 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 11» McAllister Ft.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Apency. 143 Phelan bis:.
MUSICAL INSTROtlENTS.
NO one contemplating the purchase of a piano,
now or in the near future, can afford to buy
until our large assortment of Deckers op
1'ackarda has been examined. We are quot-
ing prices and terms more reasonable than
ever before off<?rPd on first-class goods. Tha
ZE.NO MAUVAIS Music Co.. 763 Market st.
2 CARLOADS of Decker & Son baby grinds
and uprights and Arlington uprights Just ar-
rived and will be unloaded Tuesday. Ther»
are many styles to select from ar.d those par-
ties who are waiting for them can get "first
choice" If they come early. We have a few
Kood secojid-hnnd uprights left. MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 703 Market st.
ANNOUNCEMENT— We have consolidated th*
San Francisco Music Company. 22i Sutter at.,
with our O"Farrell-st. business, and now
show more pootfs in all lines than any ether
house on the coast. Six floors of music and
musical uoods: piancs In endlesa variety and
prices rangintr from $73 to $300. Imperial
Symphonion Music Coxes. Guitars. Violins.
Mandolins. Strings. Trimmings. Sheet Music,
etc.; enormous stock; lowest prices; cash or
Installments.. EE.VJ. Ct'RTAZ & SON. 18.
IS and 20 Q'Farrell at.: Chickerlng agency.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing- for a STEINWAT any time wlthla
three years anil full purchase price allowed:
the test makers of every grade to select from;
beautiful new uprights ?S cash. 16 per month:
some pood planns for $3. |4 and $."> per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. STEINWAT
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco: ccrner Broadway and Thlr-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION! THE _,
BYRON MAUZY PIANO FACTORT
Is now open for Inspection. Special reception
Tuesday. Visitors welcome.
SEE A PIANO MADE.
Have your old piano done over. Look In our
window and see the $30<V) sold nusget. Tha
triumph cf piano-makers' art. 3QS-310-312 Post
street.
•_-<»_• SOHMETt AGENCY.
AT a discount, to establish our new location. *
we will give ID per cent off on pianos: sorns
second-hand bargains: 3 Heine uprisrhts. f52#:
2 Stelnways. $1'j3: I Chlckering-. $165: 1 Ma-
son & Ilamlln. $390. and 20 other bargains;
apenta for HaMett &. Davis and 5 other makes.
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary St.. near City
of PariJ.
ABSOLUTELY the ol.lest and largest hous«
west or Chlcaeo is KOIILER «: CHASE'S. CS
IS and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs ami
all other m-Jsical Instruments of all irrades
and prices: terms" easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done vo please and satisfy the
customer. ________
A FEW of our barjrnlns this week. A fin*
Pteintvay. end short time; an elegant upright
three-pedal up to date piano. $170. Some ex-
tra good bargains in Hrtrdmans. Dewinr;
Bros.. Chase Bros. THF. J. DEWING CO..
second floor. Flooil buiMins?. _
VIOLIN strings : n<»vpr wet: bent In the w orM:
mak'ns and repairing of all kind* of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Ar.Jerson. 417 Geary st.
A FORCED sale of a fine upright piano. Room
II. Floo.l building-
3-PEDAL StHnway; perfect order. JIT".
KEEFFE'S. 933- Market st.. bet, ith and fith.
GENTLEMAN leavlrer city will r?.?rifli"e. ele-
gant upright grand piano. "21 Golden Gate av.
BE In the swim: rent a rew piano for $3 p»r
month. SCOTT-CURT A Z CO., 363 Hayes st.
THE WILEY 15. ALLEN CO.. 3'.» Post St..
Hardman, Conovpr and other piano?.
BARGAIN— G<*wl pter.o cheap: installment $5
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 M -AllUter St.
W G BADGER. 4'.I Pacrarr.er.to st.. aurnt for
Francis Bacon r.r.l HalUtl & Pavis pUnoa.
SUPERIOR violin?, zithers, old and new. H.
Ml'LLER, maker. repalrT. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos; $5 payments;
for rent. $2 cp. ERUENN. 2GS Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS paces, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
'•¦outage' raM. M
OFFICES AND STOKES TO LCT.
EMMA SPUECKF.LS butMing, 9^7 Market —
O'flces lisrht and sunn:", $1"> to S2O per month ;
l. : KM. heat, janitor and u?e of tel. Included.
TWO stores to rent; one for restaurant, with
furniture; other for barber shop. 63S Fourth.
TO rent — M«i»m store: well lighted; 25x140;
rent r"fl?nnr'Hp. Hi's Havri st.
PALMISTRY.
NEFRG\AnD. president of St. Gernyxln Col-
lege of Palmistry, reads from 1 t6 8. 6U
Geary st.: also by mall. 94
' rERSOXALj.
WllX^tnT'parttes who saw the lady dragged by
the Me \Mlster-st. car on th? corner of Frank-
lin and McAllister on the evening of Septem-
ber 10 please send their addresses to JOSEPH
McCUSKER. 2121 Fillmore St.?
_________ -
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, has his
fine parlors crowded this week; service Is so
good they always come again. 123 Stockton,
JULIANISM.
Scientific Healing.
013 Golden Gate sve.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.,
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated: honest work guaranteed:
.prices defy competition: fine upholstery; phona>
5CPD; factory. 31S and 3.0 Eleventh St.: first-
class cleaning and dyeing. 12S O'Farreil. near
Powell, San Francisco.
WHY SUFFER?
Persons afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how Inns standing), cr any other chronjn
disease, should call at once at the SANS
BOUC-, MO Van Ness ave.— the up-to-date In-
stitution for treatment. We have -5 years
experience. Charees reasonable.
ELECTRIC lights In every room-Winchester
Hot.-l. 44 Third st.. nrar Market: BO rooms;
2'c to $1 CO per nlsht; $1 to $G per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
years* experience. J_J__I!: XY '
MRS. PE VOLL. halrtlrcsser. removed from
4361. to ".7 Ellla st. above Leavpnworth.
LEDERF.R'S Qulntonlc.i Hair Tonic beautifies
r.nd gofter.s the hnir: Kc bnt.: tr>- It. -
SUITS to order on installments: $li upward;
11» week. LF.ON. LEi-OS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
PILES-000 permanent cures In San Francisco,
who can be se.-n: no ororntlcn: no pa»n: pnr-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 13^0. Call.
LEDKRFR sells rrore switches than any other^.
house. Why? Price la right ; \\ up.
SUITS to or.ler <n easy ra.vments. Art Tallor-
lnp Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
IHIR nulckly curled cr waved by u<!in_ Tal-
rott's curllns ftuidj "'c a bottle; drugslsts.
W\~NTEI>— Old- fashioned silver, brass, copper
wore: curios, all tlegcrlptlons. .';.'» Dupont st.
ALKREDUMS Egyptian Honna restores Kray
hnir to Us natural color: $1. at al! dniRsists.
CVST-OFF clothing, old golft and silver bought ;
send postal. mi.KMAX'S. 5''S Kearny St.
rnvsici.% > s a n d js v u g eo.ns:
DR J. H. REEVE. Ifi'i Kearny. cures by ele^I
triclty. Nervous Prostration. Insomnia. Asth-
ma. Rheumatism. Paralysis, Catarrh, Con-
siimptlon. Kidney and Inflammatory caacs;
diseases dlnKnosed.
r.R. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office antl rmMxnce*
li.i'.'1'j Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh!
. PROPERTY WASTED
WE want for a lady the verTHbeTTcity^ncomo
property that, can hn hmi ( or $M)(H> cash
FOWLEIt «fe CO.. H13 Call building.
HEAL ESTATE^CX r Fv^FOU~_Al7El
A ££F RATE P*"°"al~»cn^w^edse^ea^h of "Hil
S00O ranches en my SALK ami EXCHANGE V
I- V. *S^Jf— V"? 11 a11 c^«r agents in this city. V
N. P. SICKELS. the land a«e«t. C Geary st. "T
FOR sale cheap; business property on Howanl
DRuffTSg Ala U^a and Fltth - APP ' y BE ; V '
MODERN houses bullf.lowest prtees;pUns a'ntl
<«Uinates furnished. CarnDbell. U17 illastoa.His Pockets Full of Coin.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— A man well'bur
dened .with coin as well as liquor was
brought to the City Prison last night and
lodged in the drunk cell. He was arrested
at Seventh and Wood streets, '-where he
had fallen and bruised himself. At th*»
jail the man grave the name of Frank
Lowell. In his pockets were found $342 In
cash and bank books showing deposits for
$3000. He was released' this. morning on
$6 bail. • •
His Skull Crushed by a Car.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— An unknown man
with the right side of his skull badly
crushed was picked up on the Eleventh
street trestle bridge at 11 o'clock by the
crew of a west-bound Alameda electric
ear. -He was * conveyed to the Receiving
Hospital.- where he was pronounced dead
The remains have not been identified.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
C Downing. Cal
M F Hay, N Y
C N Cornell, B G
R A Edmonds, B C
Mrs R A Edmonds, B Cj
A J Larson, Lodl :
E Stevens, San Jose
Mrs E Stevens, S Jo§ej
W B Woodson, Stckton;
Mrs, W B Woodaon, do
J C Long, Boston
G H Thomas. Reno
C F Curry, Sacto
L A Ppitzer. San Jose
H McCray. Bakersneld
Dr Falconer. Colfax
W C Penn, Frrsno '
C Casedy, Yreka
J H Barton. Yreka
J H McQuald. Yreka
J H Dockweiler, Los A !
J Bush, San Mateo
Mrs J Bush, San Mateo
C H Munro, Cal
J G Church, U 9, N
O Jackvllle. Denver
Sam Peterson. Oak
C S Noble, Oak
A Murphy, Kern
F G Flnlayeon, Los An
A H Busch, Los Ang
Mrs J A Harden. Nev
W D Grady. Nev
Mrs T J Field. Mnterey
Miss Field, Monterey. \
Hay Anderson. Ixjs Ang
F a Phelps, N Y i
Mrs F G Phelpe, N T
F M Schumacher, Cal
w W Chapln, Sacto
W L Loos, Los Angr
W A Brewer, S Mateo
Fred Gotham, do
Mrs Fred Gotham, do
J M Lane Jr. Woodslde
F E Rudolph. S Mateo
C R Whltcher Jr. Cal
R Bancroft. Merced
W Harris, Sacto
S Ullman, N Y
Alex Thomas, Pa
Mrs Alex Thomas, do
R D Thomas, do
O A Thomas, do
H L Schless. Japan
J Martin, do
S S Raymond. Cal
L F Graiiam, San Jose
Frank Taylor, do
J M Barney, Cal
H S Collins. Phila
S Pelerls. N Y
Mrs S Peierla, N T
A Bettens, Byron
H Edwards, Los Ang
Mrs H Edwards, do
Dr 8 C Stockton, Cal
W A Elsrin. St Helena
P West & (am, Texas
Mary B West, do \
Dr B R Ward, U S N
A D Nown, N Y
E Jacobs, Cal
GRAND HOTEL
J M Roberts. Cal
D J Styne, Walla W'lla
C H Harris. Honolulu
W Schmidt. Honolulu
J C Redpath, Cal
J J Taylor & w, Texas
J W Besse. Kinz City
J W B Montgomery,
Chlco .
T K Tas*art, Cal
C F Cutts, Carson
E J Barron. Minn
M McWhlrter, Cal
L Canepa, San Rafael
W Eden, do
G R Havlland. Mich
T Diamond. Arizona
C Casedy, Treka
Mrs J O I>rr, Stockton
H Brown & w, Napa
J R Jones, Vacaville
C Gracey. Nevada
E R Hughes, Mont
A J Larson, Lodl
M F Clawaon, USA
C S Wilson, Los Ang
C H Richardson, Cal
H Radln. Fresno
F C Beeker. Merced
C RadcliiTe, Merced
M E Meyer, San Diego
R P Winstoy, Chicago
L A Spitzer, San Jose
C W Wickersham, Nev
Mrs Wickeraham, Nev
J A Mathoms, Belmont
J A Hunter, N Y
H M Wlnn, Cal
J Small, Gait
W Searles, Gonzales
J Barry, Gonzales
S Miller. Sonora
O Perry, Los Ang
H E Pecket, Cal
M O Santer. Boston
E II Stanwood & w,
n y
H J Vance, Los Ang
J A Watson- & w, Cal
H L Miller & w, Ohio
II H Hunter, San Jose
J Poundstone, Grimes
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
W W Fringrle, C'rtland
R Roberts, San Simeon
L C Warren. Stockton
J B Irwlnj? & w, Texas
F Campbell,' Cal
J P Burke. Cal
R H Gregory. Cal
P L GrlKKS, Milwaukee
R Shalnwald & w, Cal
Frod Clark, San Jose
C Smith & w, San .ToBej
Mrs P Jonen, San Jose I
H Burke, NograJes
C F Klnssley, Tucson
H L Dort, Stockton
G Johnson, Los Gatos
J Warneke, Aurora
F D Loner. Kansas
Robert Fltchell, Seattle
George Fitchell, Merced
C A Hellstrom & w,
Gllroy
F W Aravis & son, Cal
Free-for-all pace to vacon — Hontaa Crook
won. Silver Maher, Quadriga and Watch Eye
also started.
2:05 pace, purse $1200— Connor won the first
and third heats In 2:03*4, 2:07. Royal R. Shel
don won the second heat in 2:C3. Frank Bogash
and Baby Ruth also started.
2-.TA trot purse $1200 — Major Greene won three
straight heats in 2:14. 2:14!i. 2:14. Dolly Bid
well. Tiverton. Snrinsdale, Kalevala. LJoodler,
Dreyfus". Bertha Ft and J R P also started.
2;i9 pace, purse fi*p<v- Fanny Dillard won the
third, fourth and sixth heats in 2:06Vi. 2:07*4.
2:09. Harry O won the first and second heats
In 2:0«3i. 2:<*5. Will Leyburn won the fifth heat
in 2:09. Flirt. Sidney Pointer. Red Seal. Joe
Pilot and Sphlrx S also started.
The 2:05 pace had only four starters,
and Frank Bogash sold at $100 to $50 in
spite of the high reputation of the black
peldinsr Connor. This was a race which
finished In three heats, each heat being
in fact a race. Connor won the first heat
in the sensational time of 2:03H. The fin
ish in the second heat was a hair-raising
one. as Frank Bogash. Connor and Royal
R. Sheldon came down the stretch to
gether and shot under the wire so closely
aligned that it took the- judges to place
them, the heat going to Sheldon. Connor
¦won the third heat in a whipping finish.
Summary:
The keenest race of the day waa the
2:09 pace, in which the bay gelding Harry
O was so hot a choice that he sold a
strong favorite over a splendid field of
seven. Ho won the first and second heats
in close and whipping finishes. Fanny
Dillard then flashed to the front with a
couple. The fifth heat looked as If It
would decide the race, as Harry O ap
peared to bo winning in the stretch, but
in a cracking finish Will Leyburn won
by half a length. In the sixth heat Fanny
Dillard led a tired party home In 2:03 by
a length.
NEW YORK. Sept. 11.— The second day
of the Grand Circuit meeting at the Em
pire City track had a first-class card,
which resulted in fast time in sensational
racing. The weather was perfect and the
track exceedingly fast. Speculation was
lively and heavy.
Major Greene Wins.
wen, Kchnwreath aecond. Cora Gcett third
Tine. 1:09.
Six furlonss— Loyaletta won, Bettia B ¦eeond,
Hanlltht third. Time. 1:15 4-3.
Six furloncs — Tame Irls>#ian won. Peace
second, L. T. Caton third. Time, 1:14.
Four and a halt furlongs— Joe Frey won, Mlas
Bennett second. Duelist third. Time. :5t.
One mile — BUI Garrett won. Thrive second,
Chappaqua third. Time, 1:41 3-5.
One mile, eelllnEr— Freyltnghuysen won. Balrd
Eecond, Kentucky Babe third. Time, 1:42 3-5.
DETROIT, Sept. 11.— Four of the six
winners at Windsor were favorites to
day. Results:
Four furlonirs— The Covenanter won, Daisy
Chain «econd. John McCarthy third. Time :50.
Selllnsr. one mile — Dora Farrls won. Marion
Sanson second, Charley Estes third. Time.
Selling, seven and a half furlongs— Charley
Shane won. Come Quick second, Onoto third.
Time, 1:35.
Selling:, one mile and a sixteenth — Earl Fonso
won. Zonne second," Crossmolina third. Time,
Selling, cne mile and an eighth— Monk "Way
man won. Beau Ideal second. Vlrgl© O third.
Time. 1:54. ,
Selling, five and a half furlongs — Sevoy won,
Ma>copolo second, Fairy Dell third. Time, 1:OS.
CHICAGO. Sept. 11.— Joe Frey clearly
proved at Harlem to-day that his recent
defeat of Miss < Bennett was no fluke and
the Schorr colt easily .won the Aspirant
stakes in the fast tinpe of :54, equaling the
track record. Miss Bennett had to be sat
isfied, with second place after Duelist had
run her to a standstill for three furlongs.
Joe Frey simply repeated his race of Sep
tember 6. Talley trailed along in last
position untile straightened out for home
and then came along;with a rush; and at
the furlong pole Miss Bennett was beaten.
The remainder of the card 'was an ordin
ary one. Weather cloudy; track fast. Re
sults:
Five and a half furlongs— Bard of Avon
ST LOUIS. Sept. 11.— The racing at Kin
loch Park this afternoon was excellent.
Favorites, one second choice and one out
sider took down brackets. Track fast.
Summaries:
Five furlongs, purse — Donna Bell won. Down
hearted second, Juanette third. Time, 1:03*;.
One mile, selling— Henry of Franstamar won.
El Ghor second, Sam Lazarus third. Time,
1:45. , •
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Innuendo and
Old Fox ran a dead heat. Pomella third. Time.
1:23.
One mile — Amelia Strathmore won,- Sallle
Lamar second, Eugenia S third. Time, 1:45%.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— St. Cuthbert
won. Guide Rock second. Percy R third. Time,
1:22^4.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling — Peter Duryea
won. Gray Forge second, W. B. Gates, third.
Time, l:»0H. .
ner at Gravesend.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— Bripht skies, a
fast track and a good sized crowd were
the accompaniments of the opening day of
the Brooklyn Jockey Club fall meeting to
day at Gravesend. Seven races were de
cided, with the rich Junior Champion
and the First Special of $2500 as the stake
features.
Commando, the unbeaten colt of the
Keene stables, won the Junior Champion
stake easily, while his stable mate, Olym
pian, was beaten a head by Bellario. Re
sults:*
About six furlongs — Montanic won, Jleehan
second. Gold d'Or third. Time, 1:10 2-5.
Steeplechase, about two miles— Cock Robin
wcn,Perlon second. George Keene third. Time.
3:53.
The Junior Champion, six furlongs — Com
mando won. Bellario second, Olympian third.
Time, 1:14 4-5.
Mile and a quarter, first special— Klaley Mack
¦won, McMeekin second, Imp third. Time,
2:08 3-5.
Five' furlongs— Gertrude Elliott won. Ani
mosity second. Luck third. Time, 1:02 1-5.
Five furlongs, selling — Inrhot won. Cherries
second. Lief Prince third. Time, 1:02 3-5.
Mile and a sixteenth — Candleback won. Flaunt
second. The Chamberlain third. Time, 1:43.
COMMANDO WINS.
Unbeaten Keene Colt Romps In Win-
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 11— Of all the
original forty-five eltgibles to the rich Fu
turity running stake for 2-year-olds,
valued at nearly 52720,' that came up for
decision at the track to-day only a meager
bunch of five answered the post call. In
a one-sided contest St. Rica, the St. An
drew-Ricardo gelding, trained by Tommy
Lottridge and sporting the Alameda sta
ble's pink with purple polka-dots, won at
mellow odds. Dunfree was coupled In the
betting with Spain War, the two opening
2 to 5 choices, receding later on to 4 to 5,
when a stubborn assault on the ring 1 ran
down the price against St. Rica from 3
to 8 to 5. At the post Henry Shields on j
Dunfree and Farrell astride Lily Andrew I
gave a free exhibition of Idiotic horse
manship in an endeavor to beat the flag,
delaying the start nearly half an hour.
Reagan finally sent them away, well
aligned, Lily Digps first by the post. Dun
free a moment later picked up the run
ning. At the far turn Ruiz on St. Rica
passed the leader as if he had been pick
eted and the run was over. Ruiz eased
the youngster up to 1:16. Spain War sot
: up In time to secure the show," a couple
of lengths behind Lily Andrew.
With typical rainy weather and a fast
track favorites met with varying fortunes,
two out of four returning with the coin.
The attendance was again large, the
books doing a land office business.
The Summary.
First race, pacing;, 2:1S class, heats, three in
five; purse $1000.
King Cadenza, b. g., by Stelnway-
EmprerB (Dunlap and Lafferty) 2 9 14 11
Fredericksburg, ch. g., by Nephew
Jr. (Bunth) :..-•. 18 2163
Tags, b. m., by Diablo (BIgelow)..,. 3 13 2 2 2;
Irvinston , Boy. ch. g., by Nutwood
WilkeR (Cecil) .„ 62454*
Cloe. br. m., by Conifer fClark) 5 5 7 3 3*
Glenway. b. h., by Strathway (J.
Albertson) 9 3 5 6 5*
Jennie S, br. m., by Directum
(Sansster) 7 6 8 7 7*
Gatf Topsail, ch. h., by Diablo (J.
Smlth> 4 7 fi 8 dla
Dictatus, b. r.. by Red Wllkes <E>ay>. 8 4 dis
Time— 2:13'4, 2:1S, 2:15>4, 2:17»4, 2:17, 2:19.
• Ruled out.
Second race, trotting, 2:16 class, heats 3 in 5,
purse $600:
Bonsaltne, b. m., by Stamboul-Bon
Bon (Sanders) 3 111
Lottie, br. m., by San Diego (Spencer) 12 3 5
Alta Vela, b. h., by Electioneer (Nel
son) 6 3 2 2
Dan W, rn. jr., by Hero (J. Albertson) 2 6 4 3
Lynall, ch. g., by Lynmont (W. Hog
oboom) 4 4 6 4
Psyche, ch. m., by Cupid (Jeffries).. 5 5 5 6
Time— 2:17»i, 2:17^. 2:15, 2:16'4.
Third race, for ponies, four furlongs:
M. E. Flower's ch. m. Viola, 155 (J. Weber),
1 to 2 1
F. J. Cardan's ch. h. Fusillade, 153 (L.
Jones). 6 to 1 r»
W. P. Hobart's ch. m. Slats, 155 (H. Shields).
3 to 1 3
Time— :50»4.
Julia (l".r.) also ran.
Fourth race, six furlonprs. selling; purse $250:
Stony & Davis' ch. g. Alturas. by Shannon-
Avondale. 107 (Collis). 5 to 2 1
W. n. Jennings & Co.'s ch. c. Redwald 101
(Ames). 1 to 2 •
J. H. Mulholland's ch. g. Limber Jim, 112
(Stuart). 7 to 1 3
Time, 1:14%:
Petal (104) 7 to 1, Delia Connor (102) 10 to 1.
Nihau (102) 50 to 1. Harry Gwynn (112) 60 to 1
and Gona (96) 50 to 1 also ran.
Fifth race, the Futurity stake, six furlongs,
a sweepstake for two-year-old foals of 1SDS,
value about S2C00:
Alameda Stable"* b. g. St. Rica, by St. An
drew-Rlcardo, IIS (Ruiz), 2 to 1 1
A. J. Stemler <fc Co.'s b. f. L'.ly Andrew 115
(Farrell), 4 to 1 2
Burns & Waterhouse's b. f. 'Spain War. 105
(Butler), 4 to 5 » 3
Time, 1:16.
Dunfree (118) and Lily Diggs (115), 25 to 1,
also ran. *CoupIed with Dunfree.
Entries for Wednesday's Races.
Entries for to-morrow are:
First race, trotting, ,2:21 class, mile' heats,
#>st three in five — Richmond Chief. Dora Doe,
Ouiboul, General Smith. Janice. Hank, Ather
in<\ Monte Carlo, Miss Barnabee.
Second race, for three-year-olds and upward,
selling, one mile— Ppmpino 107. Merry Boy 103,
Jennie Reil 104. Sugden 103. Jingle Jingle 100,
Pathos 93. Morinel 104, Castake 103.
Third race, for two-year-olds, selling, mllf> and
a sixteenth— Tlollta 100, Loyal S 111, George
Dewey 106, Location 100, Phil Archibald 106, El
Topic 100.
Fourth race, three-quarters of a mile, handi
cap—Horses and weights to be announced
Wednesday at 9 a. m.
Fifth race, for three-year-olds and upward,
selling:, seven-eighths of a mile — Formatus 10S,
Hiram Johnson S6. Urchin 96. Trevathan 10*.
Only Me 102, Phlegon 96, XJlloa P7. Miss Vera 9*.
Sixth race, for three-year-olds and upward.
sf-llln?. mile and a sixteenth— Grand Sachem
110, Teprica 107, Alicia 104. Edg'ardo 100, None
Such 104, Grady 107, Torsida 112.
King Cadenza, in Sard Luck at First,
Takes the 2:18 Face at the
Sacramento State Pair
Meet.
»
By 3?\ 333. IMIultiollancl.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gallops Away From the Lit
tle Bunch of Five That
Start in the Event
ST. RICA'S EASY
VICTORY IN THE
FUTURITY RACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1900.
11
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth «t. Tel. South 167.
FUNEBAL DIKECT0R3 AND, EMBALHES3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor to Flannssran & ftallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M K r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMP.ALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ¦ =¦' >
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Scfaluetei;
The quality, weave and color
of carpets; the strength, fibre
and pattern of mattings; the
thickness, colorings and dura-
bility of linoleum; the grace,
- beauty and fineness of cur-
tains, are the points to con-
sider when ready to purchase
for the home, office and hotel.
\ We are always glad to show
you our exclusive goods and
tell you their strong points.
Come and see us— —you are
215-217 Sutter St., Above Kearny;
REAL, ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
_ ,
EAPTON. nLDRIDOE & CO..
C3S Market Street.
W'MIRfiTOS FLATS— $500.
The rent you receive pays for the property
1 wo rlccant modern flats of 4 and 5 rooms
and porcelain Lath, cement wash trave. pat-
ent vlcsetE. Market ejid Mission-street cars.
MISSION FLATS.
J3.000— Henry, near Noe Bt.; 3 flats. « rooms;
rents 130 per month.
S3,To0-Phctwell «.; 2 flats. 6 and 7 rooms ar.d
„,„ b ath; rents iZ3 r*r month.
I4.ooft_Make r.aer; Lexington ave.: 2 fiats. 4
„ .„ an<1 s r-^^nis aod bath: rents *32 :r.
SS.oOO— * nne flats ( , f 5 rooms and hath; rents
*-<; i wt-ntj-third Ft., near Howard.
WESTERN* ADDITION RESIDENCES.
JT.500— Clay «t., near Central ave.; elesrant
*-,w, !? 0 ' i '' ; " n resirtfiice. 12 rooms and bath.
Ji.000— Fteiner st.. near Fuitnn; modern resi-
m av 2£?**" * r^nw and bath and laundry.
$8,000— t_Oie ft., near Waller; new modern res-
»- m» 1 , a * n < - e. 9 room* and bath.
w.to»— fcfvtt *:., near Sutter; modern resi-
., .- cence, s roon:s and bath.
H.259- Webster ft., near Fulton: house, 10
rooms end bath.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$6.E0O-Scctt et.. near Oak: rente $55: 2 flats,
" «-nd & roornf and hath: all modem.
»6,.oO— Hayes et.. near Lyon; 3 modern flats.
T. 7 and 8 room* and bath; rents J55.
?6,71.0— Make cfTer; Grove St., near Lyon; 3
fats. 6, 6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents
$50.
fT.COO— AEhbury et.. r.ear Waller: 3 flats, o
rooms ar.d bath: rents JC7 60.
15,500 — Scott st.; 3 rnndern flats, 6 rooms and
Laih; rents J78 ?0; make offer.
GIVE rs TOUH P.nXT MONET.
I"'* eet an elepant modern runny corner
rcuBt of S rocms and porcelain bath, cement
walk; lot 27 by 114 feet; Interest 6 per cent
ca deferred payments.
EA.FTOX, ELDRIDT.E & CO..
638 Market St.
EASTO.N. ELDRIDGE~&~CO..
£3? MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER. IS. 1S00,
At 12 o'clock noon.
AT OfR SALESROOM, 63S MARKET ST.
HOWARIVST. INVESTMENT.
Kcs. 1116-lS Howard jit., near Seventh; store
With S rooms; 2 flats 7-8 rooms and bath: 2£x90.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIPENCE. LOT.
South s'.de rf Vallejo st., lfa feet west of
Flllraore; 6ixl27:fi; among large beautiful real-
6encct.
BOUTTI OF MABKET IVVESTMENT.
?>.*o. ::i t-'hlrley et., n»r F*i(ta; » tenements;
rent* fli per ocath; 26x75 feet; easy terma.
RICHMOND STORE AND FLAT.
!Co. 1213 Po'.ct Lobos eve., near Second ave.;
«T-o<2erT2 ttore. Cat 6 rooms; rent $25; 25x120 feet.
FHOTWELL-ST. FLATS.
£e*. 1040 4^ Shctxvell ft., near Twenty-fifth; 2
modern flats. 6-7 rooms and bath: reau $21;
tSmSSZ.
DUSCAS-ST. FLATS.
Nr*. 1S5-S7 rwnran Ft., near (juerrero; 2 flats
r-6 room* end hath; rerts $30; 25x114 feet; also
vacant lot adjoining; 2ix:i4 feet.
KLORir>A-ST. FLATS.
Nr*. ?C6-26i2 Florida Ft., near Twenty-second;
3 modern f.ats, i rooms and bath; 2ixl00 feet.
CLARA-PT. INVESTMENT.
No. 14 Ciara st.. near Fourth; front house. 7
TroTr.? and bath, and rear house. 6 rooms; rent«
$:*;
HARTFORD-ST. COTTAGE.
No. £ Hartford et.. near Eighteenth; cottait-
4 rocme f.nd stable; rents $12; Jot C4:S by 1T5 feet.
COLLINGWOOD-gT. COTTAGES.
•Coa. ::i-3-5-7 Colllrcwood *t.. r.ear Klne-
teerth; 4 cottares. rooms and bath; rents r;0;
BCNEET DISTRICT COTTAGE.
Nc. ET1 K «t., rear Ninth ave.; house 7 roorni
tad bath and basement; lot 25xl0fl feet; also
i t and Etatle a<ljoln!r:e; 2cxl00 feet.
TERMS:
pnoo cash $;ooo
S .:s.r.ce en terms to EUlt ON ANT OF THE
ABOVH PROPERTIES.
EASTON, ELDniOCE & CO.,
¦ - 63S Market st.
CLEAN INVESTMENTS.
AT A. M. Pinr-K & COS. 667 MARKET ST.
;;(*¦'. c v0 — Pays "• per cent net. near Chronicle.
r~. -—Pays € per cent net; Market st. ; one
tenant.
¦—Pays S r^r cent; Market St.; always
rented.
|...r . — p a ys 7 per cent; few blocks from
Chronicle.
-Pa>« $370; rrsnd crn-n»r: all rented.
{Cf-Ofr-ravs | j^r cent net; grand corner; one
tenant, lf-a.ee S jeers.
tv..r*io_s-r5«-nt9 J2T.2: n"«- Imvirn-ementf.
C2.SO&— Oratnd store pror>frtr; 70-foot front:
rents KM a racnth; ail rer.ted.
Ar dfer vantea fcr elegant l><-room residence;
cost $S0.(K<i; will sell lor half cost;
No. 1CC2 Post Ft.
f M — Grand invejitoient; 4" ft. front: near
Van Nc-sg ave. and McAllister St.;
rf-r.ts ri45.
?:?.K«^— Rents $143: new lrEprovement*.
r: ¦' -'— K'epant flat*, not far from Van Ness
&v«v: rents tl.100; only half cash.
Ii">,rC5— Store property on Fourth st; one
tenant.
Mnst tel!— Two f.r.e flat?; 6 Hyde St., near City
Hall; rents Z7Z.
tr*,('"O — Store projverty. on Ninth et.. near Mar-
ket; very cheap.
l*."X»— Rents J70; r.ew flats near Van Ness
avenue.
!«,OJ— Pour elegant flats cf four rooms each;
rents X4G.
$3,2?'- — M!s«i<-n flats; rent* $310 annually;
r.eer Twenty-fourth Ft.
t2,SO0— 6tOT* erd flat, rear Union Iron Works;
rent* E£ •
12. 250 — Cory 5-room cottape on Ca*tro st.
A- M. SPECK & CO.. €S7 Market st.
1IIEPION cottape; c room* and bath; larpe lot;
term* to suit buyer. Owner 413 Kearny st.
EUFH. :2K— Nice, large resldenc*; could b«
turned Into !TatJ=; very eunny; «"'x1":1; call.
F n R »e!e— About 3 acres cf land, near Colma.
Fan Mateo County. 445 Valencia st.
A TVEEK'E news for 5 rents— The Weekly Call.
"5 r'wgey. in wnt.*>z>*-T- for mailing, tl p<*r year.
REAL ESTATE — COIXTRV — Ft»r Sale
AUCTION SALE.
THE LOS MEDANOS RANCHO.
Property of the L. L. ROBINSON ESTATE.
Corr.r>rlgir.gr about M06 acres of rich farming
land, located near Antloch, in Contra Costa
County, will be fold as a whole
AT AUCTION.
EATCRDAT, SEPTEMBER 22. 1300, at 12
o'clock noon.
At the Robinson home jilace. Log Medanos
station, near Antloch. This fine ranch ha» a
frontage of several mll»>» on the San Joaquin
nivcr and. Is traversed by both the Southern
Pacific and Fanta Fe railroads. The Ftations
of Cornwall and Ixis Medanos are on the ranch.
At the name time and place will be sold th<»
town lot» t*lonping to the ramn estate, located
In ATitloch and New York Landing, In quanti-
ties to fult purcha<>er».
Intending purchasers from Ean Francisco
¦hould set tickets to Los Medanos.
fmr further particulars nee catalogues.
BOVEE. TOY & BONKTA.O, Auctioneers.
€24 Market st., Pan Francisco.
ARE you lookinr for a profitable, well-cared-
for tome? Beautifully situated two hours
fmm Fen Francisco by railroad?
I have fcr Immediate sale 33 acres of fertile.
level land: TOW almonds. COO apricots, some
peaches, olives and prapes; 7 to 10 yearn old;
crrr.fortable 4-rocm house; crood barn, irran-
ary, chicken houses, coops, trays; some Imple-
ments; Good water, windmill and tank; rain
¦water cistern; fituated six (6) miles east of
Antloch; pcstoTnce. school and railroad con-
venient; title perfect: come and see It: It will
pay you; the owner It on the place. Address
box €2. Antloch. Cal. .
FTOCK and grain ranch for sale In Colasa Co. ;
1240 acres; $20 an acre; 600 RTaln. rest In hill
land. 41. S. CHAN'DON. Marysville. Cal.
A V."EEK\S news for 5 cents— The WVekly Call,
IS pa^es. In »tht i pt. for malllnic. II p?r year.
"mill vaixev keal bstatjs.
FOlt EALIv— Mill Valley, cheap, cottasre or 8
rooms i: hath. Inquire owner. 1226 Waller st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS !n Improved and unimproved Ait-
!¦".¦« real i.: ia:i- In all parts cf Alameda on
'&fy terras. Alameda Land Company, 1500
lark Ft.. Algrecda; C1 ro«!t Ft.. Fan Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAYi
OAKLAND REAL KSTATE.
tXSS CASH, 15 Mi monthly; new 3-room cottsur*;
T-foot basement; fine large lot 256 feet deep;
prlr-e Bll-told JCJO.
f7 £* c«i«h. $4 60 monthly; *i acre excellent
land for $150.
„ flS cash. JO W monthly; v, acre Al land. K3S.
ft $22 50 cash, $3 monthly; % acre puperb land
£*r ISiO.
i2S ca«h. til monthly; 1 acre (more can b«
hac) for |475.
Fruitval".- adioinini? Eai=t Oakland; climate,
•oil and view the very best; away from logs
and raw winds; near electric car line and
wide boulevard. Call or send for circular, 455
e»venth rt.. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND nKAL ESTATE.
CAPITALISTS, attention— A buildlntr slt«« you
might se«*k for ases and never find Its equal;
corner Seventeenth ave. and Eighteenth Pt.,
orposlte Intfependenca Tark, East Oakland;
lot 0x140; from its apex, easy of access, the
surroundinjf hil!s». valleys and waters form
on* »rrand panorama: must be seen- to be ap-
preciated; the right party desirinp to build,
inducements will be offered. 455 Seventh St.,
Oakland. H. Z. JONES,
t. Land Owner.
OAKLA\D I-'L-U\ITIJRE~FOn SALE.
AI\' introductitn lo you from H. Pchellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY. 2121. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; upper flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
HAnniSON", "31— Front and back parlor fur-
nished for hourekeejiing; rent $1C; large yard.
EDDY. Slo— 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
conveniences; fine location; private residence.
NATOMA, 450 — Two sunny rooms suitable for
housekeeping.
HOWARD. 910— Three rooms furnished fnr
hmisfkeepinsr, J9 ; also single rooms; reasonabl.
HOWARD. 160«— Lr.rfce front bay-window room,
kitchen, complete for housekeeping; gas
range; cheap.
HYDE, < r 'S— Funny front parlor suite, complete
for housek^ej ir.s: also basement suite, tin.
Sl'NNXY-BnOOK House. XE. cor. Gough.
Market and Haight— Furnished rooms to let by
day. week or month; also housekeeping; en-
trance S Couch et.
STOCKTON. SB— Nice sunny furnished rooms
sirule and en suite, with or without board;
also llcht housckeeoinc
TKHAMA. 62—2 or 3 rooms complete for house-
keeping: reasonable.
TWELFTH, 1!. near Market— Three unfur-
nif hrd t=unny front rooms for housekeeping.
VAX NESS ave.. 401 A— Sunny unfurnished
rooms for light housekeeping:.
VAX NESS. 402— UrDcr floor elegantly fur-
nlehed; 2 rooms and bath; gas range; every-
thing complele; sunny.
VERY sunny unfurnishefl flat; housekeeping; 3
rooms, laundry. Cor. McAllister and Hyde.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar.d subscriptions
received at CaK branch office. ?2M> Fillmore st.
A ERAXCH office for Call advertlsemegts and
subscriptions has been established at J006
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Porn, nnd 1 alurn.
A-BRUNSWK'K House, MS Sixth-Rooms :5c
to $1 per nisht, $1 Zh to $j per \veek, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
APAItTMEXT.S. single, suite: furnished: rea"
satiable. St. James, cor. McAllister 4: L*fruna..
BURNETT lfc!6 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nithed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. £20 <The Elk>— Changed hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms.. Jl 50 to J7
»eek; 2oc to Jl 50 n!ght. MRS. P. RANFT.
BCSH. 7X7%— Sunny furnished rooms from $4
to 16.
BUSH. 140S— Sunny room, gas anil bath; no
other >oo:rirrs; t6. y
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, ccr. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
ELEGANT sunny rooms, single and en suite;
Fuperior table. Almora, Mission and 20th sts.
GEARY, 1137. between Van Ness and Franklin—
Kle;*ot and cold water.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
•nd Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
elngle; ladies' .parlor; readlnp-room; elevator.
HARRIET. 40— A large front furnished room;
rent reasonable.
HOWARD. fc!9— Rooms from $1 week up to {J.
2Ic to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. iS9. cor. 6th— Orlando House— Xew
management; furnished rms. ; EUites or single.
LAS PALMAS, 1S?> Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms. : private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
MIXN'A. 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, II. per week; transient.
NEAR the park— Nice home; reasonable for 2
grntlemen; modern conveniences; references
ex<har.(,-ed. Hex 4517. fall Office.
THE SOUTHERN
NICELY tarnished and unfurnished rooms;
terms very reasonable. 43S Fifth St.
OFARREI.L, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. Z:i — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; tel. Red 4363.
POST. r.r7 — Larsc front room; also one small
furnished: others unfurnished: reasonable.
ROSEDALE Houre, 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
eight 25c *.o $1. week $1 -, to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 12« Eills St.— Incandescent
l'.Rht; rcadlr.g room, smoking room and ladies'
parlcr; rooms, per night. 35c to i\ 50; week. {2
to $S; month, JS to S20; elevator on offlc**
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
n*ar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 1SS— Furnished sunny rwras; single or
Fultes; al^o rooms for lir^t housekeeping
CLASSIFIED advertisements and Fubsc riptions
received at Call branch office, 2IJ00 Fillmore st.
A BRAKCB office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10&6
Valencia St.
fCSPECIAL NOTICES.
TILES— PETER FREILINGS Dile salv^rTTper
box; warranted to cure all casos of bleeding.
[ Itching, external. Internal or protruding
I t.llf<5 without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1C2S Devisadcro ?t, near Sutter.
j BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
{ r!ty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4T5 Mont penury St.. rooms 9-10; tel. E38D.
! ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitrned. II up;
painting don*. Hartman Pu.lnt Co.. 219 Third.
1 i A WEEK'S news for 5 rents. The Weekly Call,
16 r>aRp«. in wrapper, for mallintr. 51 per year.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SOl'PLIEs!
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 203 4th st.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired, needles and*
shuttles: reduced rates. 145. 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed rhas Plan.b^k. 1915 Mission, nr. lath.
STORAGE A>D WARKMOl'SES.
| WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
: va-ig. Tenth and Market: phona South 762.
PACIFIC etorage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany 2220 Flllmcre St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT B^ARGAlNFTSr'TTPEVVRITKRS^tV-e
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California, telephone Main 268.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. St. M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery et.
NEW typewriters, $3 down. $5 month payments.
REVALK. 403 California «t.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA SCHUETZEN 5TuB PARK
AND BUILDINO ASSOCIATION— A dividend
No. 2) of 25 cent* j>er share on the capital
etock of the California Schuetzen Club Park
and Buildinc: Association has been declared,
payable on and after Friday, September 14,
1&00. at the office of the treasurer of the as-
sociation, L. Reubold. 212 Hush nt.
UTTO nREMER, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. 21. cf seventy-
five cents <T5c) per share en the issued capital
ttock of the company lias been declared, pay- i
able at the office of the company, 4J0 Cali-
fornia rt., San Francisco., on September 12.
1300. Transfer books close Per.tember 5, 1900,
»t noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 13 i30c per
chare) of the Paauhau Susir Plantation
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, VTt Market st.. on and after Wed-
nesday, September 12. 1900. Transfer books
cloee en Tuesday. September 4. 19C0. at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHKLDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS lnv-lted— Bids for providing and
installing a sewage pumping plant for the
Folsom prison, practically conforming to spec-
ifications now on file with the State Board of
Prison Directors and State Beard of Exam-
iners will be received by eaid respective
board* at the off.ee of the Board of Exam-
iners In the State Capitol, Sacramento, Cal..
until r o'clock p. m. of October 6. 1900. at
-which time they will be publicly opened. The
rlsrht 'to reject any or all bids Is reserved.
Cr-pies of specifications may be obtained from
the c'.crk of the board at Folsom prison.
Kach bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check for 12000 drawn on some bank of
coorl elandlnc to the order of R. M. Fitzger-
ald, president State Board of Prison Dlrec-
tore. which check shall be forfeited to the
State if. the bid which accompanies such
check Is accepted and the party making the
bid refuse* to enter Into a contract and exe-
cute a good and eufflclent bond, payable to
the State of California, In an amount to be
fixed by the State Board of Prison Directors,
for the faithful performance of the contract
awarded. By order of the State Board of
Prison Director*. -— • ,
BRAINARD F. SMITH. Clerk of the Board.
BAILBOAP TBAVEL.
••iTiir.Kx rAfiric cojipajit.
(pacific arrrBM.)
Trains Itat* nuil mre Uu*> lo nrrl *• nt
**> FKAMl'IftCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Streak)
lb*t« — Fmm Septxmbcr 13. 1X0. — a&xiti
•7:00 a BenicU. Sulaao. Elmin. VicitUIsj,
Ramsey and Sacramento *7ilSr
*7tO«A Shi*u Express— DaTis. WillUmsjffor
Bartlett Spriscs). Willows, lied
Bluff. ForUamL. *7i45p
•7s3» a Martkiex, Sau IU:nnn. Vallnjo. >T*pa.
Callstcg* and SanU Hona *fli!9p
•*:()» a Davis. Woodland. Knight* Laadiaj.
MarjiTille. OrotUlo.. *7:<3r
•N:O«a Atlantic ICzprem — Ogden and East *13:4.1?
•S:O«i Nils*. Trjcy, Lathrop, Stockton *»«I5 a
••iUOa Uau Jute, Llieimore, Mtockton,
Ioue, Saerammto. FUc-r?Ule.
M»r»s»ill«>, Chico. l:*.! {'.luff Mil?~>
•*i3Oa Otkdale. Chinese. Souora. Caiters... •-•: I5»
•U:OOa Hajwanls. Nile* and Way Htatlooa. * 1 1 : IS*
'ffiOV a. Los Angeles £zpresa — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop. titockton, Merced
FreiDoaml Los Angeles *7il!)p
••>::iO a Vall-Jo. Martlnos *u<l \V*y Station* •.¦»: ISp
•IO:OOa The OTerland Limited— Ogdco. Den-
ver. Umaha. Chicago "6.43F
•1 1:00a Nil-\ Stockton, Macramrnto, Mcn-
(iou. Fresno, lianford. Vlaalla.
Portenillo MilJp
•11:*Oa LlTtrmore. Sang«r. Ooshra June-
tiou. Bakrn3eld. Los Angela*
•I 3:OOm Haywards. Nilr* and Way station*. *St4.1r
? l:OOf" Sacramento Iliter Sr.i>iiiicn t3l00*
M:00r Hiyward», Nites and Way Stations. *»U3r
*l:»»r M.irtinez. Sa» lUmon. V»!!«)o.
Napa. i;«H»t., K ». Santa Itosa •»il»*
*li»i»r K-nlri». WiBten. Aacrameoto.
Wotxllaml, Knights Lauding.
MtrysTiUe. Orotllle *I«:4S*
•li:tOpNile\ «au. loxoaml Stockton *7ilSp
•.VOOrTlm Owl IJinited -Tracy. Fresno.
B&krninelri. ha:i£iis for Sauta Bar-
bara. Lob Aucelea. •lo.l-i*
*.1:0(»p Stockton *»!*5v
•3:00p Xew Orlranr Eipresi-llabcrifleM,
Santa liuri,«r*. l.uj Aisj'les. Drill-
ing. HI 1'mo, Mew Orleans aud
tut •7.4a»
•O:««r narwarda, Miei ami H»n Jose •7:«*«
1«:0»r Vallejo • 1 3: lip
•UiOOr Oriental Mail-OzJen. Chejenne.
Omaha, Cblcafo •12:13?
•«:O«p Oriental Mail — Ogden, Denter.
Omaha. Chicago. Mils.
•7:»Op NUes. Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton.... Ma»13r
*?!OOrOiegimand California l!:*i.r«as,Na<j-
iuu. -!,'.... Alarjstlllv. lts<Mhi|.
1'ortlan.l. l'i. K rt Sou,,.! anj K*sk *8|4.1*
t4iO3r Vatlrju. Port l.'oata and Way Hta-
tloim |1 l:t>«i>
COAST DIVISION (N'arroiHinme).
(Footer Market Street. >
II:-I5a 8ant» Cruz Excursion for Saata
Cruz and Principal Way Station* t»s*3r
•*:I.Va Kenark.lVntrrt!ile,^an.)(M<>, Frltun,
ItniiUler Crrek.Hauta Cruz aud Way
KUtliiu* •««a»f
f4il 5r Newark. CentecTiilc*. 8au .fos* Nrw
Aluiai!«u. PelUiu. ItouMer iWj.
Santa (,'iiu and rrinelpal V. »»
.Stations Mwi.Iwa
¦I:l5r Newark, San .lose. Us Oatoa f*:.io»
i>:l.tr Glenwooil. Fe!ton. Santa Cpiz... . e<:-1B>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
• roasts raucisKO— r»«t .r iMkai suMi(SU>g)—
: »7:15 »oa 11:00%. «. JU3 «J33 IMS
•4:00 tJ:C3 •»:53.-.u. '
: 'r§:» iUIUIS -'Mi •¦ Hr..i..t. — "t! 00 8:00 «1Q.OO*.M.
li::C3 «1:33 ti :3 '3:03 tt:S3 -5.03r.a.
COAST DIVISION ,i:r.ia.ll..iin-6i.
(Thinlinid'rowtnien.l.SU)
• 6:10a «>c«an VUw, Moil tli n«ii rrauciavo.. t«tU«r
t~:OU* Hau .l<um »,.•! War Station* (N«»
Aimadri, We<lnead*f s only) •Ii3ur
!7>30< Sunday Exeunion fur han Jote.
Ssiiti Cruz. PtciSc UroTO and
Prindp«l Way AUtimis t^>3-1P
•»iOO« m«u .!,«„. Tim 1'iiuw. s«uta «'ru».
rauitic liniii. 1'asu Ituhlea, .San
Luis O!,is|io. Surf. Lompoc and
l'rluei|>«t War Sutions *-i:l«p
•10: lo, g an .i,.,, IM ,| yy tf Htationi *«iX.1»
•ll!3«* KanJiMR.LosaatosandWaJtSUtions # 5i:»Op
f-iilSr San MaC-«. l'.nlwood. M-nlo Park.
Talo Alto. iiantaCiara. 8u .lino.
Trea Piaos. Bwrta Crux, SaUnai,
Monterfy and I'arilie Urova il«::i«U
t:i::ior Man .Tosa and Way Stations *7>3t>r
t4:ISr 3auJo.ea.Ml Principal Way Stations "J; 15a
t.1:O8f3.n Jo.c. Los Gatos aad Priucip»l
Way Stations t»sOO»
•.^iStlf San Jote ami Principal Way Stations t4:3.1*
•asUOrSauJcseaii.1 WayfltaMons M:»«u
»ll:4.-, r San Josean.l Way Stations **i3<>r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
¦ Dally. t Sunday sxeepted. : Suiiday only.
a. b Saturday only.
« 8»tmdiy and Sunday. « Mouday only.
CALIFORNIA !f aRTHWESTEBS RT. CO.
SAU FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St
SAN FRAJCCISCO TO 8AN 11AFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. U:09 a. m. : U:JS,
S:30. 5:10. <:30 p. ra. Thursdays — Extra trio
at 11:39 o. ra. Saturday a— Extra tries at 1:&»
and 11:30 d. m. m
6UNDATS-3:00. t:SO. 11:00 a. m. r 1:S». i-V.
t:00. 8:20 D. m.
M BAM RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCT8CO.
WEEK DAYS— «:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
1:49. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:55 and f:S3 D. rn.
BUNDATS— «:18. 9:40. 11:19 a. m. ; 1:49. 2A\
i.OS. i:J5 o. m.
Between Ban Francixco and Schuetaen Paxii
nnn BcheJule as abova.
l>av« I In Effect. I ArrlT*
6an Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900.1 San FVanctsctK
Wnk I Bun- 1 I Sun- I 'Wee*
Days. ( dayi. | Eestlnatlon.] day». 1 Day*.
T:Wam| 8:0« »ra| N'ovato. 19:40 am! S:40 acs
1:30 pmj t:30 atn| Petaluroa. (:0S pm{10:23 am
1:10 pml t.-OO pmi Santa Rosa. 7:K pna I *:20 pna
Fulton.
< 1M tm WtMsor. 10:35 us
Kea! !.»bur?.
I^ytton.
Geyaervtlle.
1:30 pm 1:00 ara Clovsrdale. 7:33 pm 6Z"> pra
"t:SO ami I Borland I |1(>:K aaa
l;3a pm[ »:00 ami and UVUh. | 7:35 pm; t:2!> era
f:Uam | 10:25 ana
1:00 ami Gu»rnevil>. 7:35 pm
1:80 pa - I »:t3pn
t:30 am! 8:00 aail Sonoma 9:15 art: S:40am
and
1:10 pm[ 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm <:S> pm
7:39 amj COO ami ' 110:40 ara '10: 25 am
1:30 pmj 5:C'i pro. Fehastrpol. | 7:35 pm' (:)0 pm
Btaoa connect at ?.mta Rosa for Mark Waat
Fprtnps and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lyttcn Springs: at
Geys»rvill» for Skatizi BpybUPl] at Clovprial*
for the Oey«er»: at HQpland for Duncan
Spring's. HlKMand rprlnrs. Kelseyvtlle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakepcrt and Bartl«tt
Sprinct; *t Ukiah for Vichy Sprlnjrs. Santo^a-
Bprinrs.« f B»u« Lakfa, Lanrel IV11 Lake. Witt*?
Bprlna"a.#L T pp»r I^akn. Porno. Potter Vallay.
John Day*«. Riverside, Uerl«y*s. Bncknell's.
Panhedrtn Heights, Hullvllle. Orr** Ho*
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bracsr, West-
port, Usal. Wllltti. Laytontflle, cummlm.
Bell's fiprinca, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. '
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets as
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all point*
V»ron<3 San Rafael at half rates.
Tickst offle««9. 650 Market st.. CSron!c!» bide.
SL C. W7IITINO. R. X. RTAK.
( Oaoeral Maaazer. Gen. Pass. Arent.
NORTH PACIFIC GOAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
CommenclQu April ~. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILX. VALLET
AND SAN RAt'AEL.
WEEK DAT3— 7:00. •8:30. »:30. U:00 a. m.;
12:45. '1:43. 3:15. 4:15. *S:15. 1:15. (:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •8:00. •9:00. »W:00. Il:0». U:*J
a. m.; 1245. *l:30. 2:30. "3:43. 5:00. 6.00. 7:20
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not ran to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:35. •«:»>. 7:50. S:40. 'lO:!* a»
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. »3:3Q. 4:30. 5:50 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and- Saturdays at *S:43 and 10:8) p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:13. «8:00, r):50. m:00 a.m.; «1S:M
m.; l:C0. 2:15. n^. 4:30. •5:43. «:43. 7:30. 10:S9
p. m.
I Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:53. «:45. 8:00. 8:55, 10:30 a.
m. ; 12:35. 1:45. r:43. 8:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:3S. 8:05. 10:03. 11:10 a. m.: 12:15.
1:20. J:JO. 3:43: 4:53. «:13. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a, m. week, days — Cazadsro and way sta-
tions. /
8:13 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. > ¦•"*
S:0O a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and: way sta-
tions.
12:45 a m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
SANTA FE TRAINS
DAILY,
LEAVE MARKET-ST. FERRY DEPOT.
Leave Ean Francisco 9:00 a m 4:10 p mj 8:00 p ra
Arrive Stockton 12:50 p m 7:13 p m 11:05 p m
Merced 2:42 pm 1:1* am
" Fresno 4:20 pm 3:G» a m,
Vlsalia 8:C0pm 4:50 am
Tulare 6:22 pm 5:10 am
" Hanforfl 5:33 pm T;(6 a ra
•' BakersHeld . »:50 p m 7:30 a m
Kansas City 5:13 pm
" Chicago .... 7:40am
9 a. m. train is the Overland Express. Corrs-
spondlngr train arrives at *> p. m. daily.
4:10 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:20 a. m. dally.
8 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakersfleid Express,
with sleeping cars for both cities. Correspond-
lnsr train arrives at 8 a. m. dally.
Ticket offices at '41 Market street and la
Ferry Depot. Also at HIS Eroadwar, Oakland
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
V^ wharf, San Francisco:
Yv^" 1 *.- *' or A ' a * kan Ports— 11 a.
Sii^j?X rn> September S. 13. K 23.
>J'^Ot?^S5ji 2 "' ° ct - 3- to Com-
r »C BiZ|\\Sn pany's steamers at Seattle.
«£^vC3 J»i For Victoria. Vancouver
Ls£- : i^W«t*1 <B " C ''' Pon To '"'n'" > ' r > f l, Se-
f^*^^H»%\( attle. Taroma. Everett. Ana-
"¦ cortes and New Whatcom
~^* (Wash.) — 11 a. m.. September
8 13, 18. 23, 28. Oct. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. R'y; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 3 p. m.. Sep-
tember 10. 15, 20. 25. SO. Oct. 5. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayu-
cos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
Kast San Pedro (Los Anseles) and Newport — 9
a. m., September 8, 12. 18. 20. 24, 28, Oct. 2,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dleco, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11
a. m.. September 6. 10, 14. IS. 22. 26, 30, Oct.
4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Maedalena Day, San Jose del
fa bo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas IMexico) — 10 a. m., "th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders. •
The company reserves the rljrht to changv
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE —t New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKIXS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market nt.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Snear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
PARP $l2 F irst clas s including Berth
rMflL $8 Second Class end Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 10, 20, 30
'COLUMBIA sails Sept. 5. 15, 23. Oct. 5
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to ail points East.
E. C WARD. General Agent.
620 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superlntendentst
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL! LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. rn
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnt at
Kobe (Hlogo), . Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting nt Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day '
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARTT
Saturday, September 22, 1900 j
SS. AMERICA MARU. .Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1900 i
SS. HONGKONG MARU Tues.. Nov. 13. 19C0 ¦
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office, !
421 Market street, corner of Flrat.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent. !
AMERICAN LINH.
BIW T0H2. BOTrrZAHPTOS. LCND33. PXKi
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Tork Sept. 19[New Tork Oct. 10
St. Paul Sept. 2C St. Paul Oct. 17
St. Louis Oct. Jl St. Louis Oct. 24
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Kensington ....Sept. 19|Snuthwark Oct. 10
Noordland Sept. 26 1 Westernland ....Oct. 17
Friesland Oct. 3| Kensington Oct 24
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
JO Montgomery Street.
30KFAGNIE 0ENEBALE TBANSATLANTIQUI
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^» w *
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of 4^if?\
Saturday, from November J. 1*». at
in a. m.. from Pier 42. North Rirer. foot of
Morton street. LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 13- L\
LORRAINE, Sept. 20; LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept.
27: LA TOURAINE. Oct. 4. First class to
Havre. S33 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre, $35 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCT FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coait Agents, S Montgomery '
avenue, San Francisco.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.— HONOT.lTr.l7, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
5. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, Sept. 19. 2 K m.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea»
. land and Australia Wed.. Oct. 3. 8 p. m.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello.*"
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. %
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE : 80c.
yC ~*|k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M*&Ji$ 62 " KEAIMnr ST. Established
B3*1f"^£*B In 1*34 tor the treatment of Private
FILLEn &£? I>!seuises,Lf«tM»uh.M«l Debility or
WltSJtNSS* dlseasev'eering on bmly and mind and
Skin Diseases, rtudoctorcureswhen
wjftrv^nj others fa'.L Try him. Charge low
¦ gXfflOSflgKga Cnr»<rnir»Bt»H. Callorwrlta
Dr. J. *¦- uIBBOS, no* l»57. San Fraadaco
RAILBQAD TBAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY^
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DATS. ...9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:1J p. m.
SUNDATS...8, 9, 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p! m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 13.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPSrS
TICKET OFFICES 6n MASKJSI ST . '
SAUSALITO FERRT.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.. undertakers,
US Geary street. Cremation, private.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the home of
her parents, 7 California avenue. Interment
Uiurel Hill Cemetery.
INGL1S— In <his city, September 10, 1900. at
her residence, 531 Sutter street, Lillian
Bernlca Inglls. beloved wife of J. S. Inglls.
daughter of Mrs. A. Ordway, and sister of
Stuart Hlcht and James Ordway, a native of
Virginia City, Nev, aged 27 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thureday). at 9:43 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 618 Stelner street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek
route. . ,
HANSEN— In this city. September 10, 1900,
Hilga Marls, beloved daughter of Ole C. and
Laura A. Hansen. and sister of Hans, Herold,
Henry, Clara, Llllle and Hilmer Hansen, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 1 month
and 6 days. ' '.
P. FLANAGAN. Secretary.
GK1LS— In Lafayette, Contra Costa County,
Cal., September 10. 1900. Catherine, beloved
wile of the late Fred Golls, and sister of
August and William Barujh. Mrs. H. Hol-
lings and Henry and,]",. F. Baruth. a native
of Germany, aged 54 years 6 months and 13
days. -^
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
GOGGIN— In this city, September 11, 1900,
Daniel J., beloved »on of David and the late
Catherine Goggin, a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years and 4 months.
E^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 165 Peralta avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
HAMILTON— In this city, September 11, 1900,
David Hamilton, father of Mrs. August A.
Schneider and B. D. Hamilton, a native of
Syracuse, N. Y., aged 60 years 2 months and
20 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:S0 o'clock, from the funera 1
parlors of James McMenomey & Son, 1057
Mifslon street, near Seventh, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
DIVISION No. 9, Ancient Order of Hibernians—
Officers and members are requested to as-
semble to-morrow (Thursday), at 8 o'clock,
at the parlors of James McMenomey & Son.
1057 Mission street, to attend the funeral of
our late brother, Martin Gleeson.
J. C. RYAN. President.
[TyNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the iarlors of G. Iaccherl, 629 Broadway,
between Stockton and Dupont streets.
GLEESON— In this city, September 10, 1900,
Martin, beloved *on of Margaret and Martin
Gleenon, and brother of Patrick, Michael,
Philip, Norah. Annie, Josie, Dennis. James
and Daniel GleeEon, a native of Nenagh,
County Tippcrary, Ireland. a*ed 24 years.
(T^TFYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother. 33 Lexington avenue, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will .be celebrated for the re-
pofp of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city. September, 11. 1900,
Ifush W.. beloved husband of Jane C. Gal-
lncber (ree Horan), and pon of Js.m-:s and
Ellen Gallagher, a native of Calaveraa
County, Cal., aged 29 years. _
GIACOMINI— In this city, September 11. 1900,
Jamea B., beloved husband of Agnes Oia-
comlnt. and father of Alvlan Glacomini. a
native of Switzerland, aged 49 years and 3
months. (Petaluma and Seattle papers please
copy. )
CJTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 2S73 Twenty-second street. In-
terment Holv Crws Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city. September 10. 1900,
William, beloved son of Bridget and the late
Joseph Gallagher, and brother of James, Jo-
seph. Frank and the late Mamie Gallagher,
a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years and
3 months.
(TTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 7 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1C29 Eleventh street. Interment Val-
lejo, strictly private. Please omit flowers.
FLANAGAN— In this city, September 10. 1900.
Margaret A, infant daughter of Patrick and
Maggie Flanagan, a native of San Francisco,
nsr<"i 3 months and 4 days.
THOMAS M. SEARET, President,
THOMAS F. ALFORD, Secretary.
FAGAN— In Oakland, September 11. 1900. Ann.
widow of the late Peter Facan. and beloved
mother of Mrs. H. C. McAvoy and Mrs. Aus-
tin O'BrU-n, a native of Westmeath, Ireland.
CTFriTidfi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(WedncFday). at 9 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1029 Capitol avenue, near Ingle-
side, thence to St. Michael's Church. Ocean
View, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
ST. PATRICK'S Mutual Alliance Association
of California— Officers and members are here-
by n-jtifled to assemble at 1029 Capitol avenue
(InglcFlde), this day (Wednesday), at 8:30
o'clock, to pay the last tribute of respect
to the memory of our late brother, Thomas
Douflas. By order
HryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween TSlshth and Ninth, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Churoh. where a. solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
eommendne at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS-In this city. September 11. 19(V>, at the
residence cf his son. Dr. H. C. Davis. William
Davis, a native of Kngland. aged 7S years.
DOUGLAS— In this city. September 10. 1900,
Thomas J., beloved husband of Annie F.
Douglas, father of Thomas and Walter
DouKlas. nnd brother of Fannie Douglas of
Jersey City, a native of Xew York, aered 59
years. A member of Harmony Lodge No. 9,
A. O. U. W.
C7"The funeral wilt tak« place to-morrow
• Thursday), nt 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3520 Twenty-third street. Interment
private.
OO.UGHLAX— In this city, September 10, 1900,
Irene, infant child of Joseph J. and Mary
Couchlan. a native of San Francisco, aged
3 months.
CLARK— In this city, September 9, 1900, Annie,
beloved sister of Patrick J. and the late
John H. Clark, a native of County West-
mraih. Ireland, aged €3 years.
BOHSE— In this city, September 11, 1900, Lena,
belovt-d wife of Gerhard Boese. and slater of
C. Simmons, a native of Norway, aged 40
years 7 months and 6 days. tWashington,
D. C, papers please copy.)
IT7 Reran ins atuhe parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Ki^hth.
CAMPnELL-Iii this city. September 10. 1300.
Klizabeth Mary, wife of W. H. Campbell,
arii! niothor of Albert T., Alice M. and James
W. Campbell, ased fil years.
Oallaaher, William O'Brien. George A.
(lallager, Hugh W. Rock. Hannah
Glacomini. James B. Rosenbohm, Margaret
Glcescn. llartin Schrof. William
<?pils, Catherine Tierney, James
Onjfgln, Daniel J. Wilkes, George
Hamilton, I>avid
DIED.
Boese, Lena. Hansen, Hllita M.
Campbell. Elizabeth Inglls, Lillian B.
Couehlan. Irene Konlic, Charles F.
Clark. Annie Kohn, Frederika
Davis, William Mahony. James W.
DouRlas. Thomas J. McCabe, Hugh
Kazan, ' Ann McKee. David J. .
Flanagan. Margaret Osborne. Mary M.
MAKRIED.
DC CROIX— POWERS- In this city, September
!*, m<n, at Simpson Memorial Methodist
Episcopal Church, by the Rev. John Stephens,
Franklin W. De Croix and Myra Powers,
both of San Jope, Cal.
G1ELOW— PERKINS— In Alameda, September
10. 1900, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, George
Andrew Glelow and Annie Theresa Perkins,
both of Han Francisco.
HENRY— WARNER— In this city. September 8.
1W0. by the Rev. John Stephens. William
Henry of New York and Eva May Warner of
Los Anjeles.
WIGHT-WILDER-In this city. September 11,
1W"). at the Occidental Hotel, by the Rev. Dr.
John A. B. Wilson. Charles LeMIe WlKht and
Harriet Emily Wilder, both of Honolulu.
ZEH— FISCHER— In this city, September 9,
l!«tf, l-y the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Charles Ralph Zeh and Hannah E. C Fischer,
both of San Francisco.
KONIG-In this city, September IV 1900.
Charles F., dearly beloved husband of Mary
S. Konisr. and father of Charles Konlg and
Itrs. J. Wernli. a native of Baden, Germany,
aged 53 years 7 months and 8 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, southeast corner of Union and Lyons
streets. Interment Cypress. Lawn Cemetery
KOHN— In this city, September 11, 1900, Fred-
erika Kohn, wife of the late Henry Kohn.
beloved mother of Herman, Julie and Lois
Kohn, and sister of N. and B. Goldsmith, a
native of Westphalia, Germany, aged 62
years and 5 months.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence. 1513 Scott street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
MAHONY— In Tracy, Cal., September 10, 1900,
James W., beloved husband of May Ma-
hony. son of Daniel J. and the late Mary
Mahony. nnd brother of Mrs. L. H. Barricks,
Mollie F., Josle. Joseph H. and Rita Mahony,
a natve of San Francisco, aged 27 years 5
months and 9 days.
McCABE— In this city, September 10. 1900, Hugh,
beloved brotHer of Owen McCabe. a native
of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 55 years.
McKEE— In this city, September,. 10, 1900,
David Joseph, beloved son of Ann and the
late Alexander McKee, and brother of James.
Archibald. Alexander and Thomas McKea
and Mrs. K. Frawley, Mrs. W. Hughes and
Mrs. J. Loebblng, a native of Sierra County,
Cal.. aged 43 years and 7 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. Mrs. J. Loebbintr, 320 Prospect
p.venue, off Cortland avenue, Bernal Heights.
OSDORNE— In this city, September 10, 1900,
Mary M.. beloved wife of Joseph Osborne, a
native of Cambridge, Mass., aged 68 years
and 23 days.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 846 Mission street. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, September 11, 1900,
Georse A., beloved son of William F. and
Kittle O'Brien, a native of. San Francisco,
aged 6 months and 1 day.
noCK-In this city. September 10. 1900, Han-
nah Rock, beloved mother of Mrs. J. S.
Fisher and Rosle and the late Thomas Rock,
a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 6S
years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 542 Polk street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where services will be held for the
repose of her soul commencing at 9:30. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. •
ROSEN HOHM— In this city. September 9, 1900.
Margaret, dearly beloved wife of John H.
Ilosenbohm. dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
L. F. Green, ilrs. J. C. Meyer. Mrs: E. F.
Miner and George H. Rosenbohm, sister of
Matthias Fcce, and sister-in-law of Mrs.
Henry Vollmer, a native of Stenau, Germany,
a«ed 51 years and 4 months.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
? Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2669 Howard street, corner Twenty-
third. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCHROF— In West Berkeley, September 10,
1900. William Schrof. a native of Germany,
agred 53 years 4 months and 12 days.
TIERNEY— In this city, September 9, 1900,
Jamea. beloved son of Elizabeth Tierney,
and brother of. John Tierney and Mrs. J. E. L.
Haudbine, a native of San Francisco, aged
29 years and \ day. A member of the
Brotherhood of Teamsters.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WILKES— In West Berkeley, September 10,
1900. George, beloved husband of Alice Wilkes.
a native of England, aged 70 years and 26
days.
BORN.
CROCKARD-In this city. September 8. 1300,
to the wife of Edward H. Crockard. a Bon.
MEOLADDERT- In this city, September 11.
1300. to the wife of M. L. Megladdery, a
daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices eent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of. per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
• mcAVOY & CO.. ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMBRS,
.1239 Market st;, between 8th and 9th.
Telephone South 247. ¦3Sra.tioiia-lOru.t> Secures a. Statement From tine Syracuse iBozser That He 'Will
.A»;p;pea,r, "biat It Has .Also Arranged "Witli Neill to
Take IHIis Place.
Tommy Ryan meet Jack
V. W . ¥ Moffatt In the Xational Club
1 E I aror.a at the Mechanic* 1 Pavil
\ I I Ion this ev«nlrg? That Is the
WW <iUfMioii that has been trou
bling: the m!nds of local rine
goers taring the last tew davs
ami no positive, satisfactory
to it has been made. Over a
Figrned statement directed to the prpss and
th«» public Kyan pay* that he will box
Jack [Moffatt according to contract with
tha National Club managers. At a late
hour last ni^ht Ityan"? intention was not
to «*nn-r the rir.g an-1 tifirht the man
cpainst trhom he was matched more than
a mnr.th apjo.
The prize fleht Imrrwariof. J. D.
Gibbs K.mi J. J. Groom, pay that Ryan
will be on hand to perform with bis fists
in dual combat with Moffatt. The Etate
mpnt by Kyan was obtained yesterday
afternoon nft*r a visit to the pusilist at
his training quarters. It r«»ads as follows:
Fan l"ran<"l!>crt, F^ntrmber 11, 1M0.
Ta the San PraneUoo Pr^s and th* Public: I
hereby eeri'fv that, owinjr to my Improvwl
physical c-nditlon to-day. I have notified the
National AthMle Club that I will carry out my
costxa£t »IUl the club \u box Jack Moffatt at
Mechanic*' PaviMjn to-morrow night. Very
re£ji««rtfuily, TOMMY KYAX.
Ryar. le a e!ek man. Xo one knows it
better than himself, and he Is most anx-
TOMMY RYAN'S INTENTION IS NOT TO
MEET MOFFATT IN THE PRIZE RING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTE3IBER 12, 1900.
ALBERT LACHMAN.
¦ J UGH W. GALLAGHER, a customs
\^\ Inspector, died in St. Mary's Hos-
I * pital yesterday morning after an-111
ness of less than three days,
Mr. Gallagher was attending to
his duties on the water front as usual on
Saturday afternoon, and suddely fell to
the ground in an epileptic fit. Customs
Inspector,!). J. O'Leary. in whose squad
Gallagher was working, summoned a phy
sician, who adopted the usual means, but
failed to restore the patient to his normal
condition. By the advice of the 'doctor
the sufferer was taken to St. Mary's Hos
pital for treatment, where he lingered
untiU'early yesterday morning, when he
succumbed. .
..Mr.'. Gallagher had -been drinking at the
time "he was 'seized, with the fit, and the
blood rushed to his head, causlrig him to
f all. ' He" resided at 550 Bryant \ street. >
INSPECTOR GALLAGHER
DIES OF EPILEPSY
BREED WING HAS
NAMED. COMMITTEES
A Letter Which Announces the ril
ing of the Breed Records
in Headquarters.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— The Breed wing
of the Republican Cpunty Committee
completed its organization to-night by
appointing the various sub-committees
for the campaign. None of the Lank
tree-Nusbaumer wing: was present. In
the namlnp of the committees Chairman
Breed gave n majority on ways and
means, arrangements and auditing to the
absentees. Control of the executive and
the printing committees- was kept In the
hands of the Breed wing. Committee
man George Pierce of the Breed nine
¦was absent, but. the eight present formed
a quorum under the rules. Those were
Chairman Breed and Crowell. Randolph.
Glover, Smith, WyckonT. Hempste.id and
Daniells. The following letter was read
from George Stone, chairman of the Re
publican State Central Committtee:
¦•-¦••A. ''H. ¦ Bretd Esq., Chairman Republican
County ' Commltfet, Oakland. Cal— D«-ar S!r: I
beg to acknowledge receipt of a list of the
Alameda County Republican Committee, also
list of officers ; chosen at the organization of
said committee ' pursuant to the call for such
meetimr. Including . a copy of the minutes of
that meeting 1 , resolutions passed, etc. : al3O
a copy of the call for your county convention,
with amendment to the same, all of which
will be placed on file at these headquarters.
Tours very truly.
_ ..- ¦• . , GEORGE STONE. Chairman.
The letter was filed and will be used
by the Breed faction in support of their
Special Corset Sale.
Another lot of travelers' snmples and
od . corsets*, all colors and sizes, value
from 75c to $4 50 will he sold for half
price and less. Also 100 dozen 75c "Coutll"
corsets— flve-hook. w spoon steel. silk
flossed— at 2f>c . per • pair. Chester F.
Wright. G Geary street, corner Kearny. "•
Boys Bombard Chinese Laundry.
About twenty boys attacked a Chinese
laundry on Eighth street, near Natoma.
yesterday with rocks and other missiles.
The police wers notified .and Policemen
L,ftws» ami McPartiand were sent to the
scene in the patrol wagon. They arrested
four of the gang :ind booked them at the
City Prison en a charge of disturbing the
peace. Their names are Walter Ilynes,
IN VARIOUS WAYS DEATH COMES TO THESE FOUR
Bun Over by a Freight Train.
Bertram Adams, a grocery clerk, 21
years of age and residing at 3360 Eight
eenth street, fell from a south bound
freight train at Ocean View last night and
had his leg badly mangled. He was taken
to the City and County Hospital by Officer
Norton. Amputation will probably be. nec
essary.
Hawkins Wins Easily.
CHICAGO, Sept. 11.— Dal Hawkins, the
California lightweight, gained an N easy
victory over Jim Popp of Canada in a six
round bout at Tattersalis to-night. Haw
kins fought a careful battle throughout
and nearly had his man gone in the last
two rounds.
BilJv Rotchford of Chicago was given
the decision over Hugh McP.idden of
Brooklyn at the end of the sixth round.
' Johnny Reagan of Brooklyn defeated
Clarence Forbes of Chi'-aern in six rounds.
Both were fast as lightning, but Forbes
tirori badlv toward the close.
Billy Stift and Pa'n"v Connors sparred
to a draw in the wlnd-un.
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by rhyMclans- Water alwav«
cWn and warm. Tub department best In city.*
Our Programme To-Day
And for to-morrow (Thursday). On sale,
SCO pairs Men's Vlcl, Stai or Calf for $1.85:
1000 pairs ladles' Tan or black. Button or
Lace Shoes or Ties, in Louis XIV or com
mon-sense heels, all sizes, widths and up
to-date stvles, also for J1.S3. Bear In mind
that these goods having arrived a little
late in the season wer* rejected by local
prominent dealers, and are worth from
M to $4 a pair. The T?ee Hive Shoe Co..
717 Market, near Third street. •
Minnie Powell Starts Out With Re
volver to Slay Man She Says
Took S8 From Her..
Minnie Powell, who lives at 116 Sixth
street, was arrested yesterday afternoon
by Policeman Winzler while she was
bunting for Frank McGulre, a pickpocket,
with a revolver in her hand. She will be
detained in the tanks till an investigation
is made.
The woman when taken before Captain
Seymour stated that she knew McGuire
ar.d that on Monday night he took $S from
her that belonged to her sister, saying he
wanted to buy a pair of trousers. She
met him at Fourth ant) Market street?
yesterday afternoon talking to some
women, and demanded the return of the
JS. He ran away ar.d she went to a pawn
broker's near Mission street and bought
the revolver. Intending to kill him
Minnie promised that ?he would not
carry out her intention, but the /aptaln
thought it would be better to lock her up
till her anger had time to cool. In the
meantime McGuire will be asked for an
explanation.
WANTED TO KILL FRANK
M'GUIRE, A PICKPOCKET
TORONTO. Ont.. Sept. 12, 2:30 a. m.— A
fire Is raping In Paris. Ont.. forty miles
west of Toronto and there Is little hope of
caving: the business portion of the town.
A message asking for immediate assist
ance was sent early this morning to
Erantford.
May Be Destroyed.
Bnsiness Portion cf Paris, Ontario,
THBEATZNED BY FIBE-
Bain at Salinas.
SALINAS. Sent. 11.— The first ra'n of
E. P. Fitzgerald, motormnn of the
Fourth-street car that knocked down and
fatally injured Hugh McCabe on Monday,
was arrested early yesterday morning by
Policeman Tracy and booked at thft Citv
Prison on a chartre cf manslaughter. He
was released on $50 cash ball.
Charged With Manslaughter.
GEE FUNG GUNG RUN
OVER BY STREET CAR
>* EE FUNG GUNG, proprietor of a
I Chinese washhouse at 415 Bryant
V T street, died yesterday from injuries
N^ received on August 31. On that day
* he was driving; his laundry wagon
across Bryant streetin front of his wash
house and car 866 of J : the Bryant-street
line struck the vehicle, throwing him out
al ™ running over his legr.
Medical attendance was summoned and
J^ce seemed to Improve for a few days,
out either because of neglect by his Chi
nese nurses or because Tie had received
internal^ Injuries - overlooked by . his phy-
f lcl j?" s he succumbed yesterday morning
In his washh.ouse.. : .
In whiV C0U8l P B evidently did not believe
? « ii te men s bosnltals. for they refused
I?.! 1 ! 0 * him to be. removed from the
\\ ashhouse on Bryant . street, and he lay
Ha i t u Btmofi Phere of steaming soapsuds
nfn M l^ . BtU . pefylnB fumes ' from Chinese
worwir£? d ciararettes. Gee was a hard
h£ *TT and very, punctual In paying
r 1 ?, eb J«.|-.Henc«;hiH- death Is regretted
by his Chinese friends.
CHARLES KOENIG
SHOOTS HIMSELF
f\ N inordinate Indulgence In alcoholic
II drinks, 'with the resulting depression
w^\ of spirits and despondency equiva-
J v lent 'jo Insanity, caused Charles
Koenig to take his life early yester
day morning.
Koenlg lived with his wife and family
at the southeast corner of Union and
Lyon streets. He was an expert cement
worker, but by reason of his intemperate
habits was often out of work. When
winding up a spree he usually became de
spondent and talked of suicide. On two
occasions during the present year he at
tempted to kill himself, but was discov
ered by. his family in time to prevent him
harming himself. Yesterday morning when
his wife arose to prepare the breakfast
he got out of bed, took a revolver out of
the bureau drawer, placed the muzzle In
his mouth and shot himself 'through; the
brain. He was a native of Germany, 52
years old.
DAVID HAMILTON, a retired rail
way conductor 61 years old. was
found yesterday morning asphyx
iated In his bed at 618 Steiner street.
The key of the gas burner tt3.s
turned, allowing the gas to flow, but the
occupants of the house said that they
saw no reason why the case should be
thought a suicide, and expressed their
belief that Hamilton's death was due to
an accident. He was not at all despon
dent, they said, nnd they had observed
no signs of Insanity.
Mr. Hamilton was a widower and hnd
been residing with Mr. and Mrs. A. IT.
Schneider, the lady being his, sister. At
¦*¦ o'clock yenterciay morning they detected
the odor of illuminating gas and traced
it to hi* room. They found him uncon
scious and called in a doctor who lived
near by. but all attempts at resuscitation
were In vain.
• The jras burner waa provided with a
patent lighter, which was loose, and -when
turned off allowed the gas to escape.
CONDUCTOR HAMILTON
ASPHYXIATED IN BED
PRESENT RAINS LIKELY
TO LAST SOME TIME
Forecast Official HcAdie Says Down
pour Hay Continue All Bay in
City and State-
Yesterday's rtin was confined to San
Franclpro and the Immediate vicinity, but
If the officials of the Weather Bureau car.
f5z«- vp the climate, to-day will witness
a general downpour throughout the north
(rz\ part of rhs Stare. To-day, too, this
ciTy is «=ch<-'duled for a ducking.
By this nornir.jr. the Weather Bureau
«ays. the rain will have extended up the
f acran:«>r.to Valley. Nevada also is prom
ised a Visitation. The rain is coming from
the eonthwest nr.d h.z:-, been holding off
for fome days. Now that it has opened its
batteries. Forecaster McAdie says it be
hooves owners of umbrella? to beware of
the man without that useful article, as
the demand is like'.y to increase.
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT
ENTHUSIASTICALLY GREETED
MAKES BITTER ATTACK
ON SENATOR W0LC0TT
SIOUX FALLS. S. D.. Sept. 11.—Gover
nor Roosevelt was greeted here by a great
crowd. At Auditorium Hall, which was
filled, he spoke for three-quarters of an
hour. An overflow meeting was after
ward addressed In the open air for fifteen
minutes bv the Governor, and large num
bers of people were unable to hear him.
A number of excursion trains from ad
joining towns brought in hundreds of peo
ple to the city to participate In. the wel
come to the New York executive. Every
ward in the city turned out a ward club
which participated in a street parade.
John P. Clarke of New York. Governor
Shaw of Iowa. Senator Knute Nelson or
Minnesota and Curtis Guild of Boston
were present at the Auditorium.
MADISON. S. D.. Sept. 11.— The special
train bearing Governor Roosevelt J*as
greeted by a large assembly here. Gov
ernor Roosevelt and party In carriages
were escorted to the opera-house, where
arrangements had been made for a brief
speech. _
DENVER. Sept. 11.— When the Demo
cratic State Conv?ntlon met this after
noon, the committee on resolutions not
being ready to report. Governor CSsrlea
S Thomas addressed the convention. He
devoted himself to answering criticisms
made by the opposition press upon the
present 'fusion administration, which he
declared had been perfectly harmonious
from first to last, and to a bitter denun
ciation of United States Senator \V oleott.
His words were most caustic, and he
closed that part of his speech with these
™"I now charge that the Senatorial office
of Edward O. Wolcott Is merely an asset
of a Wall street brokerage firm, and that
the firm is preparing to debauch the Colo
rado Legislature with money through
Wolcott's agents."
REPUBLICANS CONVENE
IN NEW HAMPSHIRE
CONCORD, N. H., Sept. 11.— The Repub
lican State Convention began hero to
day The resolutions adopted express ap
proval of the Republican national plat
form and congratulates the country that
the Republican party has- established by
legislation the gold standard ana on the
prosperity during the administration of
President McKinley, and commends the
foreign policy of the administration.
Chester B. Gordon of Lancaster waa
nominated for Governor on the first bal
lot. • - , : ",
contention that they are the real organi
zation in Alameda County.
Following are the committees:
Executive — George Randolph, chairman; J.
F. Glover. Dr. H. N'. Rcwell. J. H. "W. Rlley.
George Pierce.
Printing— J. T. Glover, chairman; Thomas
Knox. (Clarence Crowell.
Auditing— T. F. Mock, chairman; H. E.
Brunner. A. L. Smith.
Arrangements— W. W. Morrison, chairman;
H. T. Hempstead. L. J. Toffelmelser. S. N.
WyckofT. Georire Wales.
Ways and Means — G. B. Danlells. chairman;
A. L. Smith. Dr. H. W. Rowell. George Wales.
J. B. Lanktree. T. F. Mock. 3. X. Wycknff.
ARRESTING JAPANESE.
British Columbia Officials Gather In
Bogus Citizens.
Fpi»c!a! Ptsrnteh to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Sept. 11.— Several
Japanese were arrested to-day by Provin
cial Constable Campbell while on their
way out of Canada, on charges of natural
ization frauds.
Detectives have been for some time en
gaged by the British Columbia Govern
ment to find evidence which would war
rant the Government in causing the ar
rest of Japanese for securing fraudulent
naturalization papers. The detective*
found the job a difficult one. for as soon
as suspects were located they were spir
ited away by the Japanese labor contrac
tors wiio'ald'ed them in the fraud and who
are even now sending them over . the
American line at the rate of 100 a day. A
detective who understood the Japanese
language was finally engaged. and
through him Japanese were arrested with
the bogus naturalization papers on them.
The Government has a cleas case with
the Japanese arrested and will hold %i
royal commission to inquire into the
alarming infraction of naturalization
laws. In the meantime Seattle and other
Sound cities are swarming with British
Japanese.
Bishop Arnett on Negro Race.
"The Lessons of the Century" was the
subject of an address bv Bishop B. W.
Arnett of the African M. E. Church on
Powell street last evening. The Bishop
is a noted leader of the negro race and is
trustee of the United Society of Chris
tian Endeavor and a member of the ad
visory hoard of the National Republican
Committee. lie touched upon the growth
of the negro race the last half century
and said thnt the same Congress which
admitted California to the Union passed
the fugitive slave law. "Tlie vital nue<»
tion that confronts the rac to-day," he
said, "is where is the nenrro's place in
the church, state, social and commercial
world? Some say he hns no place at all.
It should be our aim from now on to make
that place throuch lntollisrence, useful
ness, courage and devotion."
with great stoicism. It will be som<
m^P tnSf however, before Mr. Lachmar
will be able to attend to business.
THE PACIFIC COAST
HONORED AT THE
PARIS EXPOSITION
The Seattle Brewing ar.d Malting Co.
received for its Rainier beer exhibited
in competition at the Paris Exposition the
only medal awarded for beer to the Pa
cific coast. The medal was awarded for
purity and quality. This demonstrates the
fact that the beer made on this coast can
not be excelled anywhere In the world. a«s
over sixty different breweries were reore
sented in the competition, among which
were the larsrest. richest and most influen
tial of the East and Europe.
PROMINENT WINE MERCHANT IS
SEVERELY INJURED AT FRESNO
Albert Lachman's Clothing Is Caught In Rapidly
Moving Machinery and lie Has Mis Shoulder,
Ribs and Ankle Broken.
ALBERT LACHMAN, one of San
Francisco's most prominent mer
chants, and who has been Identi
fied with the wine Industry in this
Btate for years, met with a serious acci
dent in the winery of the California "Wine
Association at Fresno yesterday. Mr.
l^chman is a vice president of the asso
ciation ard was making a tour of inspec
tion of the immense plant.
While standing nrar an Immense fly
vheel a portion of bis clothing became
entangled and he was drawn into the rap
idly moving machinery. Luckily his ge
riouF predicament was di?cover»-u and the
er.pir.e Btopped. but nut until he had been
¦severely Injured.
Dr. Davidson was summoned and d'd
everything In bU power to alleviate the
Injured man's terrible suffering Mr
Laohman «»xpress.-d a wish that he be
token to S;i:i Fninri*co, and a special
Train wa«= s.wn in r^adin^ss. Dr. David
eon armnipaiiif.] tli*> injure! man to this
r!:y. Notwithstanding the grit of Mr
Lachman it way. found necessary to keep
him under the Influence of opiates The
Train iradf fast tlrno. and on Its arrival
In this city the badly Injured man was
oonvi -yerf to Mount Zlon Hospital and
Dr«. Gallwey and MacMonagle were eu*n
* On examination It was developed that
Mr. Lachman had sustained a compound
fracture r.f tho loft ankle, ¦ broken shou!
o^r and three broken ribs. Although a
Flight man. the doctors have hr-pe of pull
ins him ihr^uerh. He seem- possessed of
wonderful nerve, and bears his sufLVrings
Judg« Carpenter Is Stricken at Union
League Club, but His Condi
tion Is Not Serious.
Judge R. B. Carpenter, formerly of Los
Angeles, while in the Union League Club
last night was seized with a Eudden at
tack of heart failure. Several of his
friends came to his assistance end he waa
removed to one of the rooms of the Pal
ace Hotel, where Dr. Winslow Anderson
attended to him.
Judge Carpenter has occupied a promi
nent position here socially and in the
business world for many years. He Is at
torney for the "Western Union Telegraph
Company and also associr.te attorney of
the Southern Pacific Company. While no
serious results are expected from the at*
tack, yet his many friends will fe«>i scme
what anxious until they hear of his com
plete recovery.
ATTORNEY PROSTRATED
BY HEART FAILURE
THE most interesting event In the lo
cal art world this week, though per
haps from an historical rather than
from an artistic standpoint. Is the
loan exhibition of subjects of old
California at the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art.
On Monday the gallery was thrown
open to visitors and a large crowd assem
bled to enjoy the artistic hospitality of
the house and the noteworthy collection
that had been gathered together.
The collection numbers about forty ex
amples, including specimens of the work
of Errest Narjot. Charles Nahl. Carlos J.
HItteil. Coutant. J. B. Wandesforde . Je
wett. W. Shaw. A. L. Pocson. George Bur
goss. Emma F. Van Winkle and that
ouaint old painter. Mrs. Orianna Day.
There is also a large proportion of un
signed pictures, of insufllclent artistic in
terest, however, to arouse the connois
seurs' curlositv on that score. An ex
planatory catalogue is a welcome^ adjunct
to the exhibition and will be an interest
ing souvenir In days to come of the semi
centennial anniversary of Admission day,
September. 1900.
Among the pictures possessing the
strongest local and historic interest is a
large panorama. "San Francisco. July.
1S49." painted by George H. Burgess, and
attested by a formidable roll of witnesses
as a strictly accurate representation of
the town as it was at that time. Tele
graph Hill stands bare from top to bot
tom, with a lone trail from Montgomery
street straggling to its summit; Russian
Hill lifts bleakly in the distance and all
the history of the tangible change of fifty
years is here illustrated. The chief sur
nrise the picture holds for the uninitiated,
however, is, its testimony to the crowded
state of the town In 1S40 and its advanced
architectural conditions.
The naive old portraits by Mrs. Orianna
Day of General M. G. Vallejo, command-
Ing general of California from 1837 to 1848,
are certainly worthv of place In a Cali
fornia gallery, and Nahl's "Mexican Fan
dango" possesses both historic and
artistic interest. The same may be said
of the Narjot collection of Indian. Span
ish and Mexican subjects and a number
of quaint old portraits and fast-disappear
ing landmarks are worthy the attention
of the antiquarian.
The exhibition altogether Is most sug
gestive. One thing among others that
inevitably suggests Itself is the value of
that kind of art which concerns itself
with contemporary life, the "to-day" of
Its existence, the scenes by which It Is
surrounded. Another thought. Indeed, is
that California has added a quite reason
able quota to the. artistic sum- total of the
nation, in consideration of her short
length of existence, though the Io>\n part
of the Hopkins collection hardly sup
ports that latter theory. And it is a
strange thing to stand upon the artistic
threshold of a people's future for whom
so much mav. with coolest reason, be
prophesied. Temperament is here, new
blood is here and race intermixture of
most problematic result: there are plc
turea at every turn, a climate which per
mits outdoor painting almost all the
year round and a perfect freedom from
trammeling traditions of older schools and
methods. Opinion is divided as to whether
there exists here any art public for the
encouragement of the native artist, but
he that as it mav. if to his natural ad
vantages the native Californlan adds the
serious devotion and worshipful effort
that must be his who would worthily
serve his capricious mistress, then the
centennial onnivr rsary "loan exhibition of
local work." will be something worth
while waiting the fifty years to see.
ART AND ARTISTS
Board of Trade Thanks Professor
Wyley for Efforts on Behalf of
an American Industry.
The State Board of Trade met yester
day. A letter from the El Paso Chamber
of Commerce to the Governor of Texa?
protesting against the further continu
ance of the oppressive and unjust quaran
tine now in force against San Francisco
was read. The following resolution was
adopted:
R»*olved. That the Ptat<fc Ronrd of Tra'lf
hcrobv Indorses and approves "f the act^n of
th<? rhnnil>^r of Commerce of Kl Paso, Texas,
in requpstinp that the quarantine aeainFt ni
lepod buhonic platrue In Pan Franclsoo be
ralfpfl immediately. It Is the sense of this
branl that no necessity for quarantine ever
existed, nnd certainly there is no grounds for
its prnlnniratinn at this df»t<*.
Repolvod. Th.it a copy of these resolutions he
transmitted by the secretary of the State RiaH
of Tr»«1e to the Chamber of Commerce at El
Paco. Texas.
A letter was received from "W. H. Mills
ir>closir.g a complete ' report of Professor
H. W. Wvlev. the chief chemist of th"
Agricultural Department of the United
States, upon the American wine label con
troversv at the Paris Kxposltlon. Pro
fessor Wylev made a hard fight to secure
justice for the American wlnemakers and
was so successful as to get the Jury of
awards to give these wines a rating and
marking, although thev were debarred
from taking prizes. Thanks were vot»d
to Professor Wvley and Professor "W. B.
Rising of the Ftate Unlversitv for their
efforts to secure recognition of the wines
of this country.
MADE A FIGHT FOR
WINES OF AMERICA
the season fell here this afternoon. To
night a heavy shower fell. No damag 1 '
has been done. The weather Is still
threatening.
William Hahn, Edward Specter and
Henry Specter.
Tommy Ryan.
Jack Moffatt.
Al Neill.
pearance. This is what he fears to lose,
end should he appear in the ring to-night
the reason of It will be to save his for
feits.
I The National Club, fearing that Ryan
Ioub not to fight Moffatt this evening. His
reluctance was expressed yesterday in
positive terms and by his earnest en
deavors to force a promise from the
stakeholder that the forfeit money would
not be claimed In the advent of his In
ability to appear In the ring. Ryan post
ed 5250 as a weight forfoit and ?2T>0 Tor ap-
would not fight, entered into a $1000 con
tract yesterday with Al Nelll. By Its
terms Nelll agrees to be at the ringside
this evening, ready to fight either Moffatt
or Ryan. There was* some caviling over
the amount, but Nelll finally won out
and an even $1000 was guaranteed him. It
seems that the National Club was most
particular over the "either" party In the
contract. According to the terms of the
original agreement between Moffatt and
Ryan the former signed to appear at 158
or under. During the last few days it is
said Moffatt has been piling on weight
so fast and furiously that he might not
be able to reach the maximum allowed.
Fearing that Ryan would make strenuous
objection to overweight on the part of
Moffatt. the Xational Club, both eyes fas
tened on all contingent possibilities,
agreed with Neill to meet either Ryan or
Moffatt. ¦•¦•--.. .
That Tommy Ryan has been sick Is an
assured fact. He has been left much
weakened by his illness and would rather
not-fisht. The forfeit money Is the thing
which brought' him downtown yesterday.
He is making a strong fight to save that.
Many were the consultations held by all
concerned yesterday morning, noon and
night.
: Ryan floes not say positively that he
will light. He pimply gives out for the
press and public the announcement to the
managers of the National Club that he
will appear according to schedule. All
who have been In Immediate and confiden
tial communication with him during the
last few days say that Ryan was se
riously 111 and suffered a physical weak
ening on account of his Illness.
12
> . ADVERTISEMENTS. • ¦ -,-,---
SEASON 1900.
We Are Now Showing
Elegant Lines or me
Following New G.oofls.
Ladles' Silk, Cloth and Flannel Waists, Ladles'
I Silk, Moreen and Sateen Skirts. Ladles' Eiderdown
Sacaues and Bath Robes. Ladles' Feather and Fup
Scarfs and Fur Collarettes. Ladles' Fine Muslin and
Wool Underwear, Corsets, Gloves and Umbrellas. La-
dles' Fancn Neckwear, Fancy Ribbons and Novelty
Handkerchiefs. A Magnificent Stock of New Dress
Fabrics, hoth Colored and Black, New Silks and Vel-
vets, New Laces and Trimmings, Lace Tidies, hoth
Real and imitation, Lace Scarfs and Bed Sets, Im-
ported Cloths for Tailor-made Suits, French and Ten-
nis Flannels and an enormous stock of New House-
keeping Linen Goods.
Orders by mail rec3ive prompt attention.
Samples sent lree to any address.
III. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVEBTISEBEENTS.
I « THE CREDIT HO USE" \
: , Six Storita High \
\ \\ \\ OB f!
I iifjoyi
; " ' s
| Oak .Canesaat Rocker. Strongly I
| made, comfortably shaped. For
j the sewing room, nursery, bed-
{ room, workroom — a rocker for
j the busy mothers comfort and
j cvery-day home use g5 c t s
I Whole floor of the odd, beautiful &
\ artistic In rockers. Soft leather &
S rich upholstering. Solid mahogany,
! carved golden and Flemish oak.
; Some of them will meet your rocker
• needs. From 55 up to 5 50.
I Furniture for Little Folk, too.
! Carriages and Go-carts, no end.
; Dainty cribs in oak, rattan & brass j
for the household treasure. High \
I Chairs for the little fellow when
; he dines; some for 75 cents.
I Lace Panels
i Drapery Department — A large, new
I lot of exquisite design and exclu-
! sive pattern for artistic homes.
! * 36 x 42 inches
; Genuine Arabian Imitation Arabian
¦ Battenberj Wsh Potnt
J Brussels P°tat <ta CalUs
j CARPET DEPARTMENT
5 Black Fur Rugs. Real foot-warm-
I ers. Silken, glossy fur. A rug for I
j winter comfort; regularly $3; $130 j
• Free Delivery, Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley ;
I M. FRIEDMAN & CO. I
; (Incorporated) I
I 233 235 237 Post St. Open Evenings •
~DR,MCNDLTYr
ri'niH WELL-KNOWN AND RKLUBtE O l\
L Specialist cwrej Blood Poison, <lonorrba»a G\*+r
stricture. ««nln»l Weakness. Impotence and th«7
allied nisorflcrs. Hook on I)iaea*e* of Men. fr«p
tuUon free and sacredly con ttden t lal. Call or addrein
P. ROHCOE MeXCLTY, 31. D
2G »£ Kearny St., San Francisco, CsL
Opening Week.
season 1000 fall and winter styles.
Baron, ladies' tailor. 22 and 24 Grant nve*
Special express rates very low on Town-
pend's California Glare Fruits;. fire etched
boxes: 50c per pound. C33 Market street
Palace Hotel building. • '
In Zante, one of the Ionian Island?.
there Is a petroleum spring which has
been known for nearly 3000 vears. It la
mentioned by Herodotus.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— — — ,
Before
leaving
the city
visit our store if you are at
all musically inclined. You
; are perfectly welcome
(whether or not you desire
to purchase) to call and
hear the Zon-o-phone, the
J great talking machine, the
Regina sweet-toned music
i boxes, the Angelus, the
wonderful mechanical pi-
ano - player, or see the
\ Stewart Banjos, George
Bauer Mandolins and Guit-
ars, Estey Organs and
world famous Steinway
Pianos.
You will find many
things of interest which
: are well worth a visit.
\ Bandmen! See our stock
of Courtois Band Instru-
ments — a make that is of
world-wide renown.
I Sherman, Clay & Co.,
Stetnway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kfarny an« Butter Bts.. 8. p i
Cor. 13th and Broadway, Oakland.