no_text"Hopleenotickybangwashnitsinc?"
(Which is translated, "Why dun't you drive the , foreign devils , out of your
country?")
"Umslugguzzlum !"
(Which means, "M— m, make fine soup:'*)
PAUL'S ADVICE.
"Hello, central!"
"¦What number, please?":
"Give me Peking and connect me with
the palace of the Dowager Empress."
"Is that the Empress?",
"Yea; who are you?"
"I "am Paul Kruger, president of the
South African Republic."
" "Well?"
"I merely called you up to advise you
to load your capital into a jinrickisha and
get ready to trek."— Pittsburg Chronicle-
Telegraph.
COMPELLED TO MISS IT.
"You ought to have seen me hustling
to get out of the way when the explosion
took place," said Fweddy.
"Old fellow," responded Cholly, "I shall
regret it to my dying day that I didn't
see you. I was too busy watching the
minor effects of the explosion. Would
you ir.ind doing it now to show me how
you look when you hustle?"— Chicago
Tribune.
FIRESIDE COMPANIONS.
•Dorothy— Papa, we girls have a new
name for those men who call on us, but
never take us out anywhere.
Papa — What Is It, daughter!
"We call them 'fireside companions.' "—
Life.
UNANSWERABLE.
. A young man home from college, wish
ing to inspire his little sister with awe
for his learning, pointed to a star and
said:
"Sis. do you see that bright little lumi
nary? It's bigger t .an this whole world."
"No, 'taint." said Sis.
"Yes, It Is," declared the young col
legian.
"Then, why don't it keep off the ralnr*
was the triumphant rejoinder.
A WARM CD-JBINATION
"Yes. the letter carrier perspired so
that last hot day that It took me two
hours to dry out Charlie's last letter so
I could read it."
"Poor man!"
"Well. I don't blame him entirely. It
was one of Charlie's most melting letters,
and besides that he inclosed a clipping
of an early poem by Ella Wheeler Wll
cox!"—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
AT A DISADVANTAGE.
"Davld was a sood fighter." said th»
professional pugilist, "but he had some
hard luck."
"You mean the David that slew Go
liah?"
"Yes. He could have made a mint of
money out of that fight If moving pic
tures had only been invented then."—
\. ashinsrton Stc-
ANOTHER WAY.
Dick (pensively) —Is there any way to find out what a woman thinks of you
without proposing?
Carrye —Yes: make her mad.
PERVERSITY.
Farmer— I never did see such an off
horse as Bender is. When I take one side
of a question he is sure to take the otber.
Granger— And when he takes one side
you Invariably take the other?
Farmer— Of course. That is quite an
other matter.
HIS BEST SHOT
Officer (to straggler)— What arc you
standing behind that tree for? The enemy
is flying.
[ Straggler— Hurrah! That's just the op
| portunity I've been waiting for; I'm a
i first clas3 wing shot.— Richmond DIs-
» patch.
WILLIE AND WASHINGTON.
The teacher related how George Wash
ington had declared that he could not tell
a He.
'-Now, "Willie," said tho teacher, "what
noble quality did this reveal in Washing
ton?"
And Willie answered, saying:
"Modesty."
Of course there is no such person as
Willie, but that is neither here nor there.
-Detroit Journal.
AR T AND REALISM.
Actress (Indignantly)— I'll tell you one
thing! If you can't drive the mice out of
this apartment I'll move!
Landlady— Ah, shame on ye! In the
theater you make believe to be the maid
of Orleans and at home you're afraid of
a mouse!— Meggensdorfer Blaetter. i
Editor (recognizing the source of it)—
Well, then Charles Lamb, I thought you
died some fifty years ago!— Collier's
Weekly. '
Editor— And did you write this essay all
by yourself?
Lierary Aspirant— Yes: it is all my own
work. *-~-iL~-i,
HAIL. CHARLES LAMB.
"Oh. that's all right."
"Yea, ma'am. So if you catch your hus
band tryln' to kiss me you'll know it ain't
my doin's."— Philadelphia Press.
"Yes, ma'am," said the pretty chamber
maid, "and I think I'd better tell you,
ma'am, that I've got a Bteady beau that
I'm very fond of."
"Very well," concluded the lady of the
house, "I will engage you."
PREPARING FOR EMERGENCIES.
"I tell you, golf is going to be thte salvation of the nation. It Is going to make athletic men and women out of our puny offspring and lengthen our days by
> "But our ancestors didn't go In for golf."
"And where are they now? Dead! All dead'"
TTLE SUNDAY CALL.
2GOOD HOUSEWIFE.
THAT SUMMER FEELING. : I
NATURALLY.
He— Are you sure you will never love
tny one else?
She— You wouldn't want me to be like
that. ¦
"Why not?"
"Why. it's the fe<»Iin^ that I might fall
in love with another man at any time
that inakt'3 me love you all the more." —
TUfe.
"What 1b father's attitude in the politi
cal fight?" asked the grave little girl's
uncle.
"I don't know exactly, but the last I
heard about it they said that first he got
on his ear and next he was standing on
his head. I'm a great deal worried about
father." — Washington Star.
REMARKABLE PENS.
Weary Clerk— Have you any fountain
pens that won't blot when they are nearly
empty?
Dealer — Why, sir. I have fountain pens
that won't blot when they are entirely
empty.— New York Weekly.
IN THE PUBLIC EYE.
WU TING-FANG.
CHINESE MINISTER TO U. S.
SHE HAD ALL THE COMFORTS. |
NOT SO STUPID.
John— Ah, ye should get married, Janet,
an" then ye would ha' some one to look '
Minister— Well, Johnny, and how are
you petting on at the school?
after yc.
Janet— Me! Me get married! Sure, an'
I'm as good as married now. I ha' a par
rot that swears somethin' awful an' a
monkey that chews an* smokes, an' what
more could I ha' if so be I was married?—
Moonshine.
Johnny — I've left the schule noo, sir.
I'm 13 past, ye hen.
Minister (impressively)— Oh, but you
know, Johnny, I didn't finish my educa
tion till 1 was 23.
Johnny (coldly)— Did ye no*, sir? Ye
mun ha' been en awfu' thickhead.
NOT IMPORTANT IF TRUE
HIT HIM ON THE NOSE.
Willie — Tommy James went and hit me
an awful crack with an. apple.
Papa— On purpose?
Willie— No. on the nose:— Tit-Bits.
XOT OBTAINABLE.
Student— The hair of our heads, even,
are all numbered.
Baldhead— Well. then. I'd like to secure
a few back numbers. — Smart Set. . "
Muriel — Tour brother proposed to "me
during the service in church last Sunday.
Zcr— You mustn't rnlnd him. He often
talks in his sleep.— The Smart Set.
MAT EXPLAIN IT.
She— He says he loves me; yet he has
only known me two days.
Her Friend— Well, perhaps, that's the
reason, dear.
"He has known me only two days and he has put his arm around me."
"You mean that he has known you- two days and only put his arm around you
SOME ItANK OUTSIDER.
Down about Suear Grove there are sev
eral families of Klplings. tillers of the
soil and choppers of cordwood.
One of them— the one with the freckled
face— went to the i>oPtoffice at Gum Tree
th«» ether day to see if there was any mail
for his people.
"How are you. Hiram?" said the post
master. "I don't think I've seen you since
the time when the most illustrious mem
ber cf your tribe came so near dying."
"Which 'un's that?" asked Hiram.
"Rudyard."
"He must be one o' them Kiplin's over
on Spring Creek," said Hiram. "But I
hain't heerd of none of 'em bein* sick." —
Chicago Tribune. . .. V>-
THE REAL GRIEVANCE
Sabbath School V .
"The shortage In your accounts." said I
<juii tly.
1 think the fellow was staggered by this
for he trembled as I snapp* d the brace
lets on his wrists.— Detroit Journal.
: "Hard work doesn't kill," said the ab
j rapt man, who had been asked for a
dime.
"Worsen that," replied the tramp. "It
makes a feller orful tired."— Philadelphia
North American.
When I went to arrest the cashier I
tour.d him defiant.
"What evidence have you." ho demand
ed, "that I atn the superintendent of a
PRESUMPTION.
Juagos. barristers and. above all. bishops.
It was a rainy day; it v.as one of those
threatening days, with which we are fa
miliar during this disappointing summer,
and one of Lord Salisbury's secretaries
observed that his chief was starting out
Icr his luncheon at the Athenaeum. He
rushed for the umbrella ur.d offered it to
Lord Salit-bury. "No. no." siiJ I^crd Salis
bury. "I've lost too many 5n the Athe
r.afuni. 1 cannot trust the bishops!"
BISHOPS TAKE CMBRELLA3.
The Athenaeum of London is a very sol
emn club and consists of eminent doctors.
CHICAGO IDEA.
"I should like to get a patent on this
Improved wedding ring," said the Chicago
!nventor as he entered the Patent Office
in Washington. ¦
"Anything novel about it?" inquired one
of the examiners.
'"Yes, sir." replied the Chicago Inventor;
"it is adjustable."— Harper's Bazar.
LOTS OF THEM.
"De man dat's dissatisfied an' show3 it
by workin'." said Uncle Eben, "kin bo
credited wid hones' ambition; but de man
dat shows it by talkin* ain* nuffln' but a
plain kicker." — Washington Star.
"THE REAL THING."
Newcomers (at their first sisht of the canal— Hully Gee, kids! What de yez think er dat? There's old Mr. Noah an*
<e ark! '¦":-'¦ . •
fight io a finish.
Mosquito vs. Man.
First round— Mosquito gets in on head
and dodges away. Man misses right hand
hook.
Second round— Heavy fighting. Mosquito
very active. ¦ Man missing several heavy
left swings.
Third round— Man forced to act on . de
fensive. , Mosquito has much the better
of it so fur.
Fourth round— Man tries ?o force the
fighting, but cannot reach Mosquito with
vicious upper cuts.
Fifth round— Man sparring for wind and
looking for an opening. Mosquito con
fident and wary, and man does not land.
Sixth round— Man evldertly very gioggy.
Mosquito quite fresh and trying to wear
man out. :
Seventh round— Man fighting .wildly and
rushing furiously. Impossible to get any
bets against Mc.squUo.-
Eighth round— Man gives up and is
counted out. Mosquito wins. — Boston
Globe.
THE SUNDAY C AI/L.
Johnnie Angle Worm— You big coward! Why don't you swallow some one your
"Oh. fraiiifin. I love jou! Listen to ray
cult as X kneel here in the dust before
juu."
"Excuse me, sir, but our carpets are not
<Justy."— Flif-fifnJe Blaetter.
31UE SUM
4ky (ALL.
5"Ha, ha! exduse me, but I can't help
laughing. A woman once played the same
trick on me. I was in Chicago. You're
caught, young man. She took you for a
hayseed."
"I think' she'll come back."
"Well, now, I knew it as soon as I saw
you. You expect her back/ I suppose?"
"Of course."
"Ha, ha! You are looking for every
minute, ain't you?"
"A young ; woman gave you that, baby
to hold' while she went to see about her
baggage, r didn't she?"
.'At. this -point one of the waiting passen
gers,-a fat" and amiable lookin:; man,
crossed the room ..and said to the dis
tressed.: baby-tender:
- : A .-'young man who looked as if he
might' be about- 23 years _ old was sitting
in the waiting-room of the depot On hjs
kneo-was a year-old baby. Presently the
baby began to cry. and the awkwardness
and helplessness of the young mairwere
so marked as to attract general atten
tion.
Jkeplic and. Believer. ¦
"If yo' hain't mad, den I hain't mad,"
rejoined the other, and presently they went
across the street with their arms around
each other to get a drink.
"Sah,", replied the stocky man, as h"e ex
amined the stamp and put it away. "I ac
cept do apology and am no longer mad!"
"If yo' dun thought I hadn't de manly
honor to save an' return dat stamp, den
yo' didn't know me. sah — didn't know me."
He' took from his hip pocket an old
handkerchief and from the folds of the
handkerchief a piece of brown paper, and
after two minutes' hunting found a post
age stamp, and handed if out, with the re
mark:.
"What l'ze gwine to do? I'll show yo,
sah! Dean yo' reckon yo" kin bulldoza
me, Steve Bollister." :
"Hu! X sent it.frew de mail, ar.d I dis
closed an extry postage stamp fur yo' to
reply wid. Up to dis date, sah, I'zc had no
reply. I wants to know what yo' is coin'
to do about it." .
"Two weeks ago." said the stocky man,
as he fiourished his right arm in the air,
"yo' slandered my character.".
"What yo' lookin'. at me fur?"
*^lflan.cf Jfonor.
A tall, .lop-shouldered negro who worked
about' the freighthouse I'.ad a" seat
on the 'platform' with his back against a
cotton: bale for a rest, when a fat arid
stocky colored man tame across the street
and stood before him'and gazed upon him
in undisguised contempt. -This had con
tinued for a minute.Vwh'en the one on the
platform queried;
"Steve Bollister, who yo' lookin' at" in
dat distinguished way?"
"I'ze lookin' at yo', sah."
"That gentleman who Is being intro
duced to Miss Blinks is a free thinker "
"Which Is he— a bachelor or a ¦widow
er?"—Brooklyn Life.
LEADING QUESTION
Lady — Well, Mary, you have chosen a
hymn very appropriate to the lesson. But
what made you choose that particular
one?
Mary— Please, miss (stammering)), I— I
don't know, but it's the same number as
my policeman. — The King.
EXCUSE OF THE SERVANT.
¦An ex-justice of the peace tells the fol
lowing story: During the time he was In
office a young man was brought up before
him on the charge of gambling. The evi
dence was conclusive, and the Judge Im
posed a fine, which was paid on the sjypt.
When the case adjourned the defendant
remained behind and asked the Judge for
a fey moments' conversation. "The case
is over," he began, "and the fine has been
paid, and it's settled as far as that goes,
but I want to tell you how it happened.
You see, the cop told us if we didn't stop
he'd run 'us in. Well, we were playing
a jackpot. I had an ace, three queens
and a king before the draw. I discarded
the ace and king and drew another queen.
There were good hands out against me.
and they tried to bluff me out,, and I
stayed with them. Now, what I want to
knowjs what you would have done in a
case like that."
"Stayed with them if the gallows had
been in sight," cried the excited Judge.
"Why in the name of common sense was
not that evidence brought out at the
trial?"— Salt Lake Tribune.
COOKS SCARCER THAN HUSBANDS.
Cook— I can't put up with your husband's treatment any longer, ma'am.
Mrs. Brown— Then I'll get a divorce.
LEFT OUT THE MAIN DEFENSE.
REASSURED.
Mrs. Newwed (on her first "voyage)— John, dear, do you think we'll have a sa'a
trip?
Mr. Newwed— Certainly, my darling. I've been talking to the captain, and h»
said he had been crossing, the ocean for twenty years and that be'd never been
drowned.
"Oh, they had the whiphand of him,
you know. Every time he called them to
account they cculd threaten to have him
court-martialed for running the ails.
aground."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"What makes you think so?"
"I don't suppose Noah ever had much
control of his three boys."
NOAH'S BAD DOY3.
"I dunno," answered the small boy in
leather clothes, who stoo<! at the door of
a Crimson Gulch dwelling. "Pap has a
purty good hoss. but so has some of the
folks on the vigilance committee. I
reckon I'd rigger on pap's gettln* home in
about twenty minutes or never." — Wash
ington Star.
"Is you father going to be back soon?"
asked the stranger.
GRIM BUT PRECISE.
"Why, it's not a stcry at all. dear, but
a description of the prize lar.dscapc at the
annual exhibition cf the Amateur Impres
sionists' Society." — Smart Set.
"Nonsense! Brooks are never opa'ea
cent "
" — beneath the shade of a pink tree a
green cow stood contentedly chew.nff
her " -•..; x
"Tobacco?"
"How do you expect I can read when
you Interrupt me every minute?"
"Well, what tort of nonsense stcry are
you trying to write, anyway?"
"But. my dear, emcrak's are green "
" — in the foregrourd an opalescent bro>k
threaded its way "
"The sky was as bright and beautiful as
the great emerald in the Czar's diad;rn
IMPRESSIONISTIC.
Beggar — My dear sjr, won't you help
mo? I have no place to lay my head—".
Mr. Savldge— Oh, indeed! Well, there's
y a railroad track abcut three blocks far
lier on.— Standard and Times.
- - ¦
First Crook—Wot I say3 is, .Why should
a pore man pay rites and" taxes — wot does
the country do for 'im.Td like ter know?
Second Crook— Well, don't you talk—
they keeps you in board and lodging and
free 'air cut six months a year, so you
carn't grumble!— Moonshine.
DIRECTING HIM
"You don't!" she exclaimed. "Then why
have you gone to all that trouble?"
With a smile that springs from superior
knowledge he answered: "The seeds won't
come u-. but the plants and flowers will,
by-and-by."
Yet he was wrong, for his neighbor's
hen sot into his garden and the seeds did
come up.— Collier's Weekly.
HAD NO RIGHT TO KICK.
lie carefully prepared the small garden
plat, while his wife, deeply interested in
his labor, stood watching him. After he
had put in the seeds and smoothed over
the ted his wife took his arm to accom
pany him to the house, and on the way
she asked:
"When will the seeds come up, John?"
Laying his hand caressingly on her
shoulder, the smart man said:
"I don't expect them to come up at all,
ray dear."
SERVED HIM RIGHT.
HAD AN OBJECT.
"After I had watched a colored man
fishing in a South Carolina Lrick yard
pond for about forty minutes without
pulling up his hook," said the traveler,
"I asked him if he thought there were
any fish there to be caught."
" 'No, sah, I reckon not,' he replied.
" 'But you seem to be fishing.'
¦ " 'Yes, sah.'.
" 'But, perhaps you are not fishing for
fish?" " -:-»; ¦:-:.-•
"_ 'No, sali.'
"I waited ten minutes for him to ex
plain, but as he did not I finally asked
him what particular object he had In
view.
'"De objick, sah,' he repeated without
taking his eyes off the pond or moving the
pole— 'de objick of my fishin' fur fish whar
dere hain't any is to let de ole woman
see dat I hain't got no time to pick up de
hoe and work in de truck patch.'"—
Washington Post.
HIS BEST FRIEND.
"I understand, sir, that you referred to
me as a" dog."
"No, sir! You are mistaken. I con
sider a dog man's truest and mostfalthful
friend." — Philadelphia .Press.
UNNATURALLY LARGE.
"Yes. sir," said' the actress, haughtily
"that is my figure — one thousand dollars
per week."
"Urn— er— don't you think," responded
the manager, thoughtfully, "your figure
is— er— a little bit padded?"— Smart Set.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
WHILE THE CLOUDS ROLLED BY.
Mrs. von>BIumer— I am getting so I care
less and less for people in the aggregate.
That afternoon tea was a great bore.
Mr. von Blumer — What did you go, then,
for?
Mrs. .von Blumer— I wanted to see who
was there.— Harper's Bazar.
WHY SHE WENT.
The two men had talked for a time In
the train. . '
"Arc you going to hear Barklns lecture
to-night?" said one.
"Yea," returned the other.
'Take my advice and don't. I hear that
he is an awful bore."
"I must go." said the other. "I'm Bar
kins"—London Tit-Bits.
MUST GO, BORE OR NOT.
'Oh— urn— I see!" muttered the fat man,
and he was In such haste to get back to
the other side of the room that he nearly
fell over a passing pug dog.— Buffalo En
quirer. . .
"Oh, she'll come back," answered the
young 1 man as he -looked anxiously
around.
"She will, eh? Ha, ha, ha! What
makes you think so?"
,. "Why. because she's my wife, and this
is our first baby.". ' - '
6
She — Isn't the scenery delightful?
lie — Yes, indeed; and —
the air is so clear, bracing and invigorating.AUDIBLE EVIDENCE.
Mrs. Bascom— Does your husband en-
Joy sound sleep?
Mrs. IJaclot — You Just ©tighter hear
him.— Ixmdon Tit-Bits.
"How -wise of them not to end It all by
getting married."— Philadelphia Bulletin.
"They have been engaged for eight
years and are still In love."
LOVE'S LONG LEASE.
Potato Bur — What was the cause of the lightning bug's demise?
The Fly— He broke a blood vessel trying to reach half a candle-power.
Brown— I saw you on the street with
Smith this morning. I thought he was an
old enemy of yours?
Green— So he was, but I discovered that
I had misjudged him.
Brown— In what way?
Green— I thought I could lick him.—Chi
cago News.
The young aspirant for literary honors
took his first story to his uncle, the 'old
doctor, and asked his opinion of It.
"Doesn't it show some originality, un
cle?" he said.
"Y-yes." said ! the doctor reluctantly.
"There Is some originality ; about . It,' but
I don't like its moral tone. The sewers
of your fancy, young man, need flush
ing."—Chicago Tribune. ~.c:
SO HE MADE UP.
PRESCRIBING A REMEDY.
GOOD REASONS.
Magistrate— Why dia you assault this man?
Prisoner — Well, your Honor, he first Inquired if it "was hot enough for me," and
then he asked me "how would I like to be the iceman?"
Magistrate— Discharged. -,.
¦¦¦/.- ¦ - . ¦ . •
TOO COMMON.
Salesman— These collars are all the go.
They are worn by everybody.
Customer— In that case,. I don't think I
care to buy any of them.
Salesman— When I' say Everybody; of
course. I mean everybody of correct
taste. And . persons of correct taste are
so -few, you know. "
Customer— I think I'll take a dozen;-*
Boston Transcript. ¦
NOT. AT ALL SWELL.
Caller-Your next-door neighbors seom
to be quite nice. — -
Mrs. Upstart— Huh! They's very plain,
Mrs. Upstart — Yes. - They pay spot cash
for everything at the grocer's and butch
er's.—Philadelphia Press.
HE WORRIED 'EM.
Maud— Do you dance?
Maud— Do you sing?
Maud— Are you an athlete?
Maud— Have you any hobby?
George— Er— no.
Maud— Why do you like coming to a
ball?
George— Makes the gels so dossid mad
to -think they can't have me.— Plck-Me-
Up.
NO CHANGE.
¦ "Glad to see you, Mr.— Mr.— let me see,"
said the affable host, extending his hand.
"Your name Is— I have such a wretched
memory for names— Smithers, is it not?'!
Now, this had happened three or four
times, and the guest had grown tired
of it.
"Yes, sir," he replied. "Still Smithers."
—Chicago Tribune.
MISTOOK THE HOUSE.
Tramp— I don't know where my next
moal is comins from. lady.
I^ady cf the House— Well, you've come
to a pcor place to find out. This is no
information bureau.— Smart Set.
necessary for. the conservation of our own
property and other people's morals."—In
dianapolis Press.
"But why," asked the amateur anarch
ist, for the twentieth time, "why do we
need any law at all?"
"Law." said the flippant person. "Is
"Is the anti-fat treatment expensive?"
"It cost me about $135."
"That was ridiculously exorbitant."..
"It wasn't the medicines or the treat
ment Itself that cost so much, but -the
tailors charged me almost as much; for
cutting down my live suits of clothes as
I would have to pay ' for new- suits."-
Chicago Tribune.
ITS REASON FOR BEING.
ITS COST.
A young and newly married couple were
entertaining their friends, and among the
guests was one whose continued rudeness
made him extremely,- objectionable to' the
rest of the company.
His conduct,- although almost unbeara
ble, was put up with some time, until at
supper he held up on his fork a piece of
meat which "had been served to him, and
in a vein of intended humor, he looked
around and remarked. "Is . this pig?"
which immediately drew forth the remark
from a quiet looking individual sitting at
the other end of the table. "Which end o£
the fork do you refer to?"— Exchange.
FINALLY CRUSHED.
VERY QUIET.
" 'Silence is golden.' "
"Then Mr. Bore must surely be a mll
lionalre."
But doctor-oh, doctor, w-w-want to
tell you," stuttered the young man. "that
I was b-b-bom this a-away!"
"Born this way!" thundered the med
ico, suddenly letting him. go. "Weren't
you hurt Jn the accident Just now?"
••/iw Si ) r; , t , sald the cripple humbly,
they re takhV that felJer Into the hotel/'
-New York Telegraph.
"Be quiet, you fool!" said the doctor
sternly, "can't you see I'm reducing this
fracture?"
. "Oh, doctor!" he gasped, "please stop!
Oh, stop him. somebody; he's killing
me! ', » ; .
Suiting the action to the word he seized
the young man's elbow and gave him a
herculean wrench. ..The victim howled
vigorously and made- frantic efforts to
speak.
"Aha!" he exclaimed, wrapping one of
his powerful arms around the unfortu
nate's neck, "this is evidently a disloca
tion of the shoulder., I'll reduce it at
once." ' - •
The doctor pushed his way into the
throng and caught sight of a young man
whose head was twisied to one side an3
whose body was bent i;alf double.
The doctor, as the talc goes, was sit
ting in his surgery one Saturday after
noon, when he heard a terrific hubbub,
and, looking out of the window, saw a
runaway horse dashing down the street.
Seizing his hat he hurried out and found
a big crowd collected about the curb.
"Anybody hurt?" he asked. ..
"Yes. sir." replied a bystander: "the
driver's almost killed."
[Concerning a late popular physlcia::
many stories illustrative of his quaint,
kindly <:ualiti<?s of htad and -heart' are
told. One cf the most amusing was about
a runaway.
Doctor COas Joo jfasty.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
7
COMMERCIAL REVIEW.
WHAT THE MARKET REPORT
SEEMED TO MEAN.
CORN TOOK AN EARLY DIP
RYE WAS HARD TO MOVE.
DIVKS WERE SLOW.
OLD FOWLS WERE WEAK.
CUCUMBERS WERE EASY.
CRABS WERE ACTIVE.TirE SUNDAY CALL.
8The streams of glycerin nm thick and
slow, but slow as they run the temper
ature Is rising. Five degrees at a time.
It goes from sixty to ninety. That is tia
dancer point and after that it Is better to
shut oft the glycerin, partially or entire
ly, until it has cooled a bit.
The chemical union of the unexploslre,
though caustic, nitric add, and the>
smooth, emollient glycerin is the birth,
of the grtant. Like Hercules It has Jts
strength from the beginning and from the
time the glycerin touches the add it Is a
case of look out for trouble until tho re
sulting treacherous fluid la finally Incorp
orated with the various absorbent pulps
which harness Its power and make It ths
useful "high powder" of commerce.
Then you may burn It as a cmndl*.
hammer It on an anvil, or handlo It aj
you please, with safety.
Not so, though, with the fulminating
caps which are used to explode the dyna
mite: they are always sensitive and dan
gerous and nine-tenths of the aeddents
from blasting materials are upon their
copper heads.
There are but three Ingredients directly
used In making nltro-tlycerin. two of
which, sulphuric and nitric add, are high
ly canstlc and corrosive: the third, gly
cerin. Is the very same material that ts
used for softening the skin.
About three tons of glycerin ax» used
every day, and with it alx tons of nltrlo
add and twelve tons of sulphuric The
two adds are not entirely consumed In
the process, a part of the mixture beta*
recovered from the waste and used over
again.
The glycerin Is Imported from Germasji
water pumped from the bay. This is to
keep the mixture from heating, for in
that Is the source of all the danger in
the process. . When Nils is ready to begin
work,, the three weighing tanks are each
filled with fifteen hundred pounds apiece
of mixed nitric and sulphuric acids in the
proportion of two _ parts of sulphuric to
one part of nitric, both as strong as they
can be made In commercial practice. TJfia
mixture Is then turned Into tho lead-
lined iron churns in which , the great
metamorphosis is made.
Tho engine which runs the beaters is
started and, the 'cold ¦ water sent flowing
through the cooling coils. •
The thermometers show a- temperature
of 60 degrees Fahrenheit or thereabout. •
The streams of glycerin are then turned'
In and^ as soon a3 they strike the acid
brown fumes . are given off and carried
above the roof by wast© pipes. The tern-
perature rises steadily. There is -thy
great can of glycerin five feet high .and
two feet across to be turned in, and 'all
of the different houses on tho hillbe^bw;
the separating house, the mixing, house
and the packing house, are waiting for
the, run "of lluld through the lead troughs
that will, keep them busy for t the ." day.
With every one waiting on him the N.'G.
man may feel tempted to hurry, but he
must not.
manemly. Th« giar.t
never takes back a di:»«.
charged employe. j
Nils Johnson, th* »
Giant Maker, Is not a A
hero In his own eyes. a9 {
The other slaves of tha Aw4k
riant agree with him. K#«l
They Fay ihat there is ¦- j?»
: ' <2ang< r II you mix It m^*$
rUrht. But you caiiiiot JKk-
rush :r. It you do Si will ,^^09E%£>
1" r twelve years Nils J^r .$'''•'*^l
has been with the pow.
or ¦R.r'r.5' on the point. JF -'-' &5*£i&!y&
There )¦¦; framed th* M Jj2»*.§?3Si*!
business, and for six ¦ SSSll^VlS
; ears <- r . the time he has ¦ '. »^ r*fjg«|
been the "N. »J."' ma R»V*§§8
Hi? work i«? something Mvl^£»T^SB
to make yo'ir hair < url. ¦ * V***!^. ¦
It is not told too often Hkl % «• 5^*3
and no one knows If It Ki? *$ A rt
i? true, but It has been ¦¦&••* 1-4
.¦-.'ii'i that somewhere MOWfesL/'' ¦
arr.und handy there is a 1^ K
duplicate of the plant »' '^H
which he ;. ; <>t-c ra.ti:i^. K>
Jurt so that business mL'-\ f i~ ¦*
ran po on vrSthout a M "Vi^V i :
hitch 1f anything should ¦'¦*»iV iti
happen: and more than ¦
that, there is a set of W, ' f-V.^ 1'
plans to replace h!s own £s *?.«'§
plant with in case the ; — - •• I '
duplicate meets with an ij 1"
accident. -A, -.
And between him and ' V j
the rest of the works fit j
and men there Is a
piant powdrr backing:, a if j
hundred feet long, thir- j
ty feet high and thirty
fr-et thick of timber and
earth. It Is biff enough
and strong enough to
Ftnp all the cannon balls
that were ever shot.
The target Is there bo
that Jf Nils 6hould com*
Cown the hill too sud
denly he won't run into anybody and hurv
the;n. What dots he think of every timo
he looks at that buffer on his way home
to tfce boarding: house?
Thfre is another "ounce of prevention"
whtcl. Is always staring at him. That is
what !s called the "drowning tanks."
In tape things get too hot in the mix
lnp: tS^urn and the thermometer shows
that Ik* danger point has been 'passed, a
t'ig valve can be opened and the entire
«)]arg«* camped into fifteen thousand gal
lons of crater that is always waiting to
receive It.
That dr«.wningr tank Is all that stands
between iVm and death, if he makes a
mistake.
Some r>eo;le l!ke to be scared; to hear
Cbost ¦torlet at midnight with the lights
tented low. Could they go and epend a
day with KSi Johnson in bis clean, tidy.
l!ttlo death Uctory on the hill, they
would pet cntazh scare to keep them in
eoosoflesh for i week.
Though he w-rks all day long brewing
bauhps C f deati and .-< ndin/j them down
tho fuming tnugh to the separating
nouso. he doesat <1o a single thing that
rould },<¦ called h, r d labor. The material*
Tor Buns "-ho .splosive beinc all fluid,
aro pumped into anks on the hill top by
means of com prC;scd air> From tnere
they d^cend by gravity Into smaller
?*nks. set on pUt/orm scales. Each
«f '!:arge weighs neae y a ton and there are
t.ree mixers, great iron tanks that etand
in a row. with paddes m them w^iich are
confta.ntiy revolved , y a steam engine.
Around the interio- of these iron tanks
are coils of lead pJj e through which is
jessed a continuous stream of cold salt
£8BU&tte4 on Pag* Tea. '
GIANT. Elevation 25 feet*, was the
si^rn at the pateway.
"Pretty taJl Riant." said a man
coming from beneath the sign.
That's where you'll find him. over there
on the hilltop. Big grlant: eats thirty tons
of sa!tr>et«»r and six tons of brimstone,
with three tons of glycerin to sweeten It,
every day.
"On the way to the plant's castle you
¦will pass his kitchen, one-quarter of an
acre of blazinjj brimstone, boiling- a hun
dred kettles of niter and vitriol."
That is the way that the funny side of
the nitro-g-lyeerin business looks to one
of the men who works at It.
AM over the country about are scattered
brick-colored buildings giving off quanti
ties of black ar.d white fumes, while some
small, intense-looking houses pour out
lets of salmon-colored smoke that would
choke a vegetable to death.
The entire* promontory of Point Pinole
is taken up with the tremendous works of
the Oiant Powder Company. Each build
ir.p hides behind a hill from the others.
Good r< ason why.
Every mountain range whose snows
fe«=Kl the mighty Pacific has trembled
from sea level to summit under the blows
of the giant v.hose home is this sea
washid cape.
On the topmost hill of all works the
lonely wizard who gives the giant hla
strtrtrth.
Joiiiisor.. the Giant Maker, is the nitro
sriycerin man of the Giant Powder Com
pany. For ?!x yea i-s he has turned out a
milHrn pounds a month of liquid death.
All day Ions his life is in his hands as
he walks rack and forth from valves that
control thtr Slotting of the deadly chem
icu's to the thermometers that register
the heat of their furious strife, At one
hutidn d <>e«-*«i« .Fahrenheit the mixture
is as ar.;r:y a.3 a tf-:a-e<l tat and "ready for
trouble, yet In .«r»itr to do the best work
the temperature must bo nearly ninety
d» prccs.
"It is oat--y to make dynamite when you
kr.iw hov.%" said the man who knows.
••When you don't know how it's easy to
muke rol?tuk£S."
AIJ the men in the business know bow.
Those who do not are discharged, mostly
upward, sideways, always p*.r»
"Biimstor.e blazes
Burning bluely
Make a scene
That pictures truly
Fabled tales of hell.
THE
MOST
DANGEROUS
OCCUPATION
IN
AMERICA. . The woman lawyer, doctor or jour
nalist is not any more immune than
th« actress. Very few of them lead
cess — usually less. They have to quit
either one thing or the other. They
usually quit matrimony instead of dl-
being unhappy, gjfve up your prolu
sion. I ? m going to take my own pro
scription, j
or the East, but the acids used are made
on Ine premises, and the manufacture of
them constitutes by far the greater part
of the work In the preparation of the nl
tro-glyccrin.
Before the present form of Iron mixing
tenks came Into use large wooden tanks
lined with lead were used. At one of the
powder works which raa In early days
end has elncc gone the way of them
ell there was a large wooden tank lined
with eheet lead. A hole came in the lead
end the nltro-grlyeerln had begun to work
through and eoak Into the wood. The tank
t-sls worth a large amount of money, as
the sheet lead is half an inch thick. The
leadburner of the works was brought up
to look at the tank and the. situation ex
plained to him. He Jumped Into the tank
with his rubber-soled shoes, cautiously
pried up the lead .where it had split apart
and saw that the ; wood beneath xvas
thoroughly saturated with explosive oil.
In ordcrto repair the leak he would have
to press the lead lining firmly against the
dangerous wood, lay a patch of sheet lead
over the spot and then rub the edges with
an iron that had been heated until it was
hot enough to melt the lead.
The foreman stood on the top of a Btep
ladder and looked over at the leadburner.
The leadburner looked up at the foreman.
dollar a minute; why don't you fo
ahead?" - ' ¦ ¦
,¦ "All right, then; I will."
The leadburner started heatlng-his irons.
When they were hot and. with attendants
to pass them In to him, he got Into the
tank. Time, was taken . and the start
made.
You might think that being paid by the
minute "he nursed his job,"
5>ot a bit. The longer the Iron .¦was held
against the lead the hotter It would get.
and the longer the lead was hot' the more
timeit would have to warm up-th*o gly
cerin-soaked wood. ' ; • ' ; '
. There was not a minute of time wasted,
and forty minutes later the man came out
$40 richer and thinking, more of his lucky
escape than of the' money he haa earned,
' "Can you fix It?" said the foreman.
"Not on my 7 salary."
"What's the matter with you? Isn't $10
a day enough salary?"
"Yep: all right whllo.it lasts. But It
wouldn't last long If I Started In on that.
"Why, talk about 110 a day! I'd want a
dollar a minute to do that work/' , ;.
"Will you do It for a dollar a minute?"
\ The leadburner thought. He had said a
dollar a minute. That sounded like a
dream. But the reality. -There was the
lead that would carry the heat, and back
of It 'the wood that was soaked until It
waa a first-class solid dynamite. ¦ / - ' r ;
"Well." said the foreman! "you said a
Contlnucd from Page Nine.
O/LV FRANCISCO has cap-
O turcd a song-bird for her very
ozvn. Camille d'Arville has
promised her hand to Capitalist E.
W. Crcllin, and Mr. Crcllin has
promised to keep her in our midst.
They ere to have a beautiful home
here and society's doors will szcing
wide welcome to the erstzvhile
- ¦ -
singer. .
Miss D'Arville declares thai
after the wedding bells no more of
tlie footlights for her. There is
something familiar in the assertion.
Not that Miss D'Arvillc has ever
said it before. But there ere others
who have turned their backs on the
stage only to "right about face"
again. Usually they flit back bc-
fore the honeymoon is over.
If an actress announces that she
is going to leave the stage the world
asks, sotto vocc, "For hozv long?"
It regards the marriage of an ac
tress as the merest incident in her
life. The public reads of it with
unconcern, confident that the favor
ite will be back again next season.
Mary Anderson has been a no
table exception. And CainiUc d'Ar
ville intends to follow her example.
Miss D'Arville has several engage
ments thai she must keep before she
can leave the stage. As soon as her
present contracts are fulfilled she
will say a final adieu to 'the foot
lights.
It's one thing for the rank and_
file to give up the stage, but for the
uhe TJfost Occupation in America.
"topmost rose on the topmost
branch it means losing a salary of
something like a thousand dollars
a week. Miss D'Arville says it
isn't the money that tempts, it's the
thrill that comes ivhcn an audience
is hanging on your every note. That
is the fascination. But she, has
some theories about marriage, and
her pet one is, that it doesn't go
hand in hand zvith a profession.
Miss D'Arville defends her' theory
very ably and moreover she is going
to live up to it.
San Franeiseo to Be the
5ii?$er's Future Home.
vorcing themselves from their pTO
fession and giving marriage a fair
chance.
Just before I left New York I took
afternoon tea with an actress who
stands at the top rung of the ladder.
A young woman who edits a popular
magazine raised the question of pro
fessional women marrying. There
were five of us— each one, perhaps, a
fair representative of our chosen life
work. We came to the conclusion—
"marriage does not handicap a wo
man in her profession, but a profes
sion seriously interferes with married
life." It isn't the career that suffers
when a woman marries: it's the horns
that gets the worst of the bargain.
So I don't give the usual "I'm
longing for a quiet life, etc.," as my
reason for leaving the stage. If I
thought the home and stage life could
ba successfully combined, I might try
it. Thinking to the contrary, I have
chosen between the two.
I must confess that I am very glad
to leava the stage while my voice ia
still fresh and true. That has always
been my earnest desire. To haves the
public remember me as I was at my
best, and not bid for applause on tha
merits of what has been.
There is something Infinitely pa
thetic in the repeated "farewell" con
certs of singeTS whoss voicas have
lost their charm. The world, which
gisres them a shrug of pity or a cruel
ltmgh, little knows what the loss of
voice means to a singer. It must be
honirle. Small wonder they refusa
to bcMeve that the power to sing i3
no longer theirs. They feel the s^me
rr.usic in their souls, but alas! they
can no longer express it. Even when
the world turns a disd-iinful ear to
their notes, the singer finds the ffict
alnicst impossible to realiza.
1 don't pretend to know anything
about. "How to be happy though mir
ried." But as a preventive fni not
« ... . ; , » - . . ..,--¦ .
-R?? 5°9^— fl 3^ So(i)e Jfyeories of j-ter Ou/9 f\bout
/T\arria§^, apd proposes to (Jive Up jter S^eat
ri(^al %reer U/itl? tl?e I^ii^ii?^ of t^
IJt^ddii^ B^I1$.
BEE you really going to leave tlie
stage?" I bump into this in-
ITT\> terrogation wherever I turn.
When the artist, journalist, milliner
or stenographer renounces her voca
tion for the highest profession—do
mestic life— the world nods its ap
proval. Let an " actress confess any
such intention, and . instead of the
usual "Heaven bless you," it's
« 'Heaven helD voul'*
'. Granted that actresses generally
do make a mess of matrimony. Isn't ¦
it because the actresses, as a rule, at
tempt to combine stage and home
lifeP. It's about as easy as mixing oil
and water.
'But why single out actresses and
.brand them as incompetents from the
matrimonial standpoint? I believe
that any other woman who pursues a
profession after her marriage makes
a miserable failure of it. Most pro
fessional doors open into the divorce
court. ;
happy lives if they continue their vo
cations after marriage. It's very try
ing—especially on the husband. You
can't balance . a domestic equation
•with two wage earners. The rub of
the workaday world rasps, and fric
tion in the home life is inevitable.'
A man can keep hi3 equilibrium
in the busy world far better than a
woman. She has not the physical
strength, and the wear and tear on
her nerves is awful. It is rarely that
a woman earning her own living
keeps her disposition free from rough
edges.
- I've met them by the score, pro
fessional women who are attempting
matrimony with more or -less* sue-
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE TELLS WHY SHE LEAVES THE STAGE
THE SUNDAY JO AI/L
10THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
DAINTY GARMENTS FOR THE BABE OF 1900
w^Fr f^fesalM>^
OXE mlsht th'.nk it cnouie'-r tbat we
b'.g re<-.ii!« should be hurdle 1 ve^r
In and -year out with the weight
that Dame Fashion hoists upon our
shoulders. Sh-: might leave the babies
alone. But she doesn't. She takes a whim
for more feather-stitching one year and
less the next, and the baby has to jump
from or.fc to tho. other just as the fickle
Dame chooses.
And lt,has come to pass that the in
fant of 1800 is expected to be as swatgor
a personage as either of Its parents. If
it does not parade the proper amount of
Valenciennes and the properly placed ro
settes, it must be ostracised just as con:
p'etely an If Its mother.; fallrd to -sweep
L?a'V.et street or its father was Innocent
of a Raglan.
It might be allowed to repose In a com
fy little slip, so It might; but it isn't.! It
Is set forth in rufflc-tuffle finery and its
only consolation Is that the more ; bows
and rosettes adorn its gown,*thc 'more
delectable morsels it finds to cram into
its ready little mouth.
The ' mother- vho has goo-1 taste will
Know how- to strike's happy, medium', and
bhe will remember, that .simplicity, hand
iq hand with daintiness, leads to the idea!
choice of baby clothes.. -. .
Fine batiste is, : a? ever, the basis of
the conventional gown, and -.Valenciennes
lace is the standby trimming. Nothing
will ever be so babyfied' as: Valenciennes.
The fineness of it's patterns, its unobtru
sive prettiness make it the most appro
priate lacethat can be found.
Xot but" that others • are used. . Big:,
showy "styles are .to be found,; but not in
the best trousseaus. Cling to good'quali
ty: cheapness shows nowhere as in white
goods and lace.
Small feather-stitching is in style th's
year more, than ov»r — in fact, many Kinds'
of handwork Keep, fingers busy rn pie
paring the otitilt. Hemstitching v;as mica
upon a Urns considered enough: the baby
of itKJO must needs have at least one gown
that has- been -.trimmed with band3.^of
Orawnwork in any state of elaboration
that tasle and patience determine.
Another 'fad- of the hour is the arrange
ment of insertion bands running from
neck to hem down the front of the gown.
When this Ftylp is used the gown has
no yoke; or tho insertion jnay start from
the . bottom of the yoke and proceed
downward.
Kosettes oi baby ribbon, are stiii extant,
but they are less popular than they once
were. ¦ If you use. them have only two,
fastened near '..the 'shoulders, antl follow
the old tradition of blue for a boy and
pink for a c:rl:
'The little 'wrappers «nd sacks are of
the finest cashmere and embroidered by
hand. The choicest of thes3 seem to be
In while, though pink and blue are still
to be found for those who prefer them.
The -.old-fashioned basket flannel makes
a warni little wrapper, for every, day, use,
aiid French ¦ flannel is better yet. The
wrapper'; is an- article .too often left out
:of the;, wardrobe. ¦'. Remember that •¦ the
baby .wants to loaf' as much as you do,
and needs & proper. garment in which to
do it: '
¦ Cloaks are heavy with their load of em
broidered capes'. White is ,the only cor
rect color for an Infant's cloak, as well
as for the little round capsi These caps,
by- the way, are well worth considering.
Your babyjs the prettiest in town, but if
: it were not you should never rjsklt In a
plain cap. A full ruche "around ,the' face
and a ro?etta or two on top make the
round cap of Infancy becoming to any
baby face, just as a broken line In a hat
suits you. China silk Is used as of old
for these little caps. The. smartest of all
arc made of silk covered with embroider
ed silk mul!. It's enough to make, the
wobbliest baby hold its^head up to wear
one of these.
Bibs are lavishly embroidered and lace
trimmed. If you are going to make their
at home, try a daisy design for the era
broidcry. Flowers are p.lways the most
appropriate design for the little folk.
The shoes change little from yoar to
year. There are less than a half dozen
styles that the little feet -will tolerate,
and it v;ould be hard to Improve upon
those. A smart little buttoned boot comes
in white kid with patent leather tips.- Ba
bies enjoy the patent leather, for It twin
kles. Tan leather is used in every shapo
and the gayer colors, too. Most comfort
able of all Is the laced shoe that. offers
delectable laces for e greedy ' weaier.
"Bless the child.'.' s\/-
The French Government ia -considering
the advisability of discontinuing the use
of, the guillotine and contemplates' th«
adoption in its stead of electrical execu
tion.' The head of the- criminal- Is .ln
closed In a -helmet somewhat similar' to
that used by a ; diver. When the execu
tioner turns on the current two needles
leap from their sockets, penetrate : the
temples and enter the brain. A powerful
alternating • current ruptures aid de
stroys . the brain , cells so quickly that tt
is believed that death will be Instantane
ous. This seems like, a clumsy method
of execution," says the Scientific American,
but Jhero Is no Question, that it will bo
efficacious; . ¦ '.As he limped around the corner a big
shout of laughter echoed b?ck from the
walls of the barn. "Next," said the man
at the gate. There were three other ap-
"Wall, sah, yo' kin talk a!l yo* wants.
I den't git en dat hawse no mo', col' feet
or no col' feet. . Good Lawd, he's got de
dcbll in 'Im. Fhuah. I done tought i could
ride mos* eny hawse, but dat'n gits me.
No, sah; reckon I don't want no Job;
reckon I'll be goin'. Good-day." .
dear life to bcth the back and front of
the saddle. The mustang resumed. A
terles of humps and twists followed, the
rider sometimes In midair,* sometimes half
in the naddle The cowboys on the fence
were convulsed with laughter.^ One big
fellow let out a b,is guffaw and his sides
vhock so violently with mirth that he fell
from the fence and rolled . over on tha
Rrour.d. At the third hump the negro
shot forth into the atmosphere and landed
some ten feet In a direct line over tha
mustang's head on the ground. The horse
fell into his former pose and waited. The
darky slowly picked himself up and
locked about him in a dazed manner, Then
he had his punishment. It was a round
of meiciless "joshing." and when he said
he "didn't reckon he cured to tackle the
hawse no mo' " they accused him of pos
sessing "cold feet."
KIN you ride?"
"Vissah. Peckon I kin. All I
reed !s a hawt>o."
A knowing win.k passed along
tr.e fence among the men who were seat
ed on the lop bc^d of it. It was at Ba
c.c-n farm, where 5000 horses are being
trained for military Fervice in the Ger
man army. A negro, very large and very
b!;ick. had applied for a "jo!/' at "break
inp in" mustangs. It being the rule to
give all applicants a chance, the darky
was told lu Rft ready for business. The
amateur perform* nc« s afford the specta
ton rr.any a ht-arty sruffan-. and evidently
fun R-«ji anticipated. The negro stood
grlnn'ng confidently jnrblle a number of
horse;- were driVon into the corral, a-i-1
the cowboy* alonp the fence nudged each
other «n<l slyly smihed as the wildest and
tougl-.ost mustang in the drove was £i:i
r!«'d out er.<I lassoed. Th*-re was a Hing
ing vound Itj the air as the rope swirled
over the vjiquero's head, ;ird the loop fell
about the neck of a wiry little brown
fcmncho. Then there v.as a tug of war.
The for' foot of thejnustang pointed out
before bin anil became as rigid as iron,
looking like trfo sticks braced into the
carih. The hind feet followed suit, hut
loss asgrewivdy. ready for a vigorous
Ir'.rk toward any rear Interference. The
«-owhoy on his horse drew In his slack
rope and his assistants approached the
pony. The scrimmage was lively, but the
coy. boys conquered. Another larso wa*
throv.n about one foot of the mustang,
•as-sctl under and over his body, thon a
quick Jerk threw the captive oft his feet.
Immediately three or four men advanced
and began the process of saddling the
prostrate animal. When the sirth v.-ub
ma«'r- firm and the bridle forced between
h's ier-th ho was allowed to utand.up.
This he did In much wonderment, with
cars pointed forward ar.d with the panic
urcrrripromisins attitude of rigidity ar.<J
<Jc!'ars< e.
"Come on here. coon. He's a!l reaay.
Get CD an' lake the kinks out of him."
The carky advanced, still confldem.
"Oh, I reckon J kin do dat all right. V."oe
flab, l:a**ey; ain't gwine to hurt you.
Tu'n 'im l<>opf, hah; i'se ready fuh to tak*
<3f kink? out. Tu'n 'Im loose, sah."
The rope was removed and the blind
over the mustang's ryes was raised. The
fpeotatorn were ecstatically expectant.
The mustang stood still, then as his rider
pave hira * prod with the spurs he leaped
into U» »ir with a boomerang movement,
twisted his Icdy ami came down with a
terrific jolt, all four feet Jn a. sudden
riKi<3 bunch and his back arched after the
n-3nwr of an a:igry cat in a disagreement
with The family dog. The negro shot high
Into the eir and the whites of his eyes
became visible. Something # like pallor
overspread his features and the ebony
lips form* A a surprised and dismayed cir
cle, lie came down again in the saddle
er.d m^nagrcd tome way to right himself,
then dropped the reins and bung oh lor
the corner of the barn, and the unin
itiated held their breath while the team
raced through the narrow gateways. But
the driver took it all as it matter of
course arid handled his rlbbon3 as non
chalantly as thouph he were driving: ani
mals of good domestic breeding Instead
of a barbarian equine from the -wilds of
Arizona.
Some of the finest mustangs are spe
cially trained. They arc to be the offi
cers" mounts. The common herd are
simply "broken in," and are to be trans
ported without a great amount of nan.
dling. When asked if they were com
pletely subdued and trained before ship
ment one of the cowboys turned a twink
ling eye toward the corral. "Well,". said
he, "I shouldn't wonder if there don't be
some fun amontr thera Dutchmen when
the ponies go over. Thetr little journey
across the pond Is klnda' apt to make 'em
frisky, an' I reckon they'll kill more*
Germs than Boxers." L
Some five hundred have been trained ku
ready and droves are arriving daily.
Mules are also beln? contracted for anci
the men at Baden farm have many days*
entertainment before them sitting there
on the top board oC the fence.
/ NAN BYXBEE.
time he had a rider worth contending
with. After the first few moments the
spectators ceased their laughter and be
came lost in admiration. Shouts cf "Good
boy!" "Stay wid 'im, Irish!" and "Arrah
fur the kid!" went up from all corners,
and It was assured that another mustang
breaker was added to the force at Baden
farm. He sat erect in his saddle, but sup
ple and responsive to every movement of
the animal, not touching either the horn"
or the back of -the saddle, but with the
reins and a quirt in his hands. The mus
tang bucked and bucked, humped, ran.
kicked and exercised his ingenuity in all
manner of contortions, but he fought a
losing battle. .Finally he stood still in the
middle of. the corral, exhausted and trem
bling. Some one yelled to open the gate,
and the triumphant little Irishman trotted
him off down the road completely sub
dued. "There's a kid," >ald "Pete," the
expert* mustang breaker, "wot know3
Bomethln* , about bosses, ' an" he's goin' to
be fine at the business. Here he cornea
back, an' ready to break a ciozen 'cayuscs.'
Waal. Irish, reckon you can have a job
round here any day y'u want one. "Where* d
, you learn the business?" .
. "is'ivcr larat it at all,", reeled the boy,
es he stepped to me grouse, "snare, an*
I was horned in the saddle."
In corral th*y were lassoing
horses and training them for artillery ser
vic«. The animals were heavier and only
rulted for draught purposes, but they ex
hibited as much disinclination to belr.s
timed as did the wiry little mur-tangs.
One of them broke the rcpe three times
r.oforo the men succeeded In lassoing
him and throwing him down, and fought
viciously while being harnesned. When
a prospective artillery hor?e is complete
ly fitted with bis leather trappings he is
tied to a post, his head boins made fast,
without slack rcpe, and a wagon to which
i3 hitched another horse, trained for the
purpose, drawn up and attached to the
horse at the po«t, the driver motmta hla
seat, the rrr>e Is untied and away goes
the new, team down a long lane, past
trees and through narrow gate.-, making
a quick turn ssd back again. It seemed
miraculous to nbrerve the fraction of an
inch by which the wagon wheels missed
The little Irishman did get on. He pat
tod the brown horse's neck, then put his
Toot into the stirrup and quickly mount
ed. The moment he touched the saddle
the horse bounded into the air and began
a series of violent jerks and jumps, inter
spersed with dashes and runs, terminating
In sudden, unpremeditated stops, but tb's
: "Look at the kid," eald some one.
,"Goin' to let him try? Why, he'll break
his durned neck." But the kid insisted.
Some of the more kindly disposed looked
on pityingly as he advanced toward the
mustang-, hut the greater portion were all
anticipation and chuckles. "Watch the
brown boy throw him higher'n a kite,"
whispered a man on the fence. "He's pood
fur about two jolts, if he gets on at all."
, He did jump on. But the horse finished
him with the first contortion. ;
j Then a quiet little Irishman stepped up.
He did not appear to be more than 18,
and where his face was not blistered into
<an inflamed rose, tint by the hot rays of
the sun there were freck'es in great abun
dance.
. "Come on then," said the cowboy, who
had lassoed the mustang; "haie's a chance
to show us how to ride.' Jump on."
'plleants. Another aspirant advanced. He
waa a 1 swaggering fellow, who had been
l>piiitlngf out the defects In the S negro's
horsemanship. "I knowed," said he, "aa
soon as he put his foot in, the stirrup that
he wan't goin' to ride that hos3. To', can
tell every time."
TRAINING HORSES FOR USE IN THE GERMAN ARMY
THT3 STTNT>AY GAIili.
12The telegraph war. first established In
Japan in 1SK». when the Japanese Govern
ment engaged seme British engineers to
build a line between Yokohama and Tokio.
which are only a few miles apart. This
line TO so little in demand that It was.
to all intents and purposes, a failure. In
1S73 the Government Telegraph Depart-
"We are posing as the most cut and dried,
the most lacking in temperament, ths
most inartistic of rations, a pose that I
maintain la not a correct one. Paris 1*
filled with American artists, and good
ones. too. who are starving to death. The
humblest among them, given free scopo
to arrange an exhibit illustrative ot
American ideas, could hardly have failed
so deplorably. But the artists are not tho
politicians, and that the politicians ara
not artists is very painfully manifest.
characteristic, but America appears wrta
out a thought. The face that she pre
sents to an interested world is aulte a3
expressionless as a pan of milk.
"What is our building good for? What
Is its object?" I said one day to a gentle
man who ia connected with the exposition.
"Oh, I suppose it la to afford a place for
Americans to get out of the sun." he an-
Such la the only excuse for Its being that
I have heard advanced. I was glad to hear
that the idea had not been an ornamental
one. In which case the failurp would have
been pitiful. As a place for Americans to
get out of the sun it ia more of a success,
although for that purpose we could have
pitched a tent for four hundred thousand
dollars and saved a superfluous million.
and take the occasion to describe and
• compliment the work of various coun
tries. .."Whenever the United States Is
mentioned a series of the most evasive
phrase3 ensues. They wouldn't hurt our
feelings for the world, for during the ex
position the Paris press is on its goc*l be
havior, but U is evident, nevertheless, that
we are not producing any convulsions of
delight. "What is the matter with Ameri
can patriotism? Perhaps you will answer
"It's all right." but let me tell you that
it is net "all right." Give a Frenchman
a million dollars to spend .In putting
France on public parade and what will
he do? He will grow grayhaired in hunt-
Ing devices for the glorification of nis
courtry. The Frenchman may change In
method of em»>elllshlng la France. He
may v.-ant a green dress to-day for her
nr.rt a red dre?s to-morrow, but you may
rest assured; nevertheless, that the splen
dor of la France is always foremost In
his plans. Give the same amount to an
Englishman for the glory of England. He
will not make so mu»h fuss about' it. Hi3
metho-.ls will be quieter, but just as ef
fective. The glory of England! Heavens,
life itself i« not so dear to him! But give
the million tiollars to an American and
what uoes he do? He first hunts up all
of his relaiicn*; on whom he bestows nu
merous and useless "Jobs." That accom
plished the "rights" of his political friends
must bo considered without regard to
qualification of any sort. The corner gro
cer, who has spent untroubled years in
weighing butter and counting eggs, may
be called forth from his peaceful obscur
ity to. become Administrator General cf
Things concerning tine arts. The glory
raent was reorganized. A little later tn«
uprising known as the Satsuma war
wakened the Government to a realization
of the Importance of the telegraph. In
1573 the empire joined the International
Telegraphic Union and began the exten
sion of Its lines inland, an extension
greatly furthered by the war with China
In 1S0-I. There are now 1357 offices in Japan
proper and 112 in Formosa, while there are
111,570 miles of line In service. During
1K» these lines carried 221.000 foreign or
international messages and 15,273.623 do
mestic messages— an admirable record for
a country in .which the telegraph was
practically unknown twenty yeara asriv
of America is lost *!ght,of in, the more
important consideration of the "rights" of
politicians. Love, sentiment, pride are
too old-fashioned, forsooth, to enter into
our. progressive calculations. On account
of this very individual system of ours the
United States is to-day presented to the
world as a country barrenly devoid of ar
tistic resource.
At the Paris Exposition the smallest,
the most unimportant nation that you
may find on the map with a microscope
is better represented ¦ than we ' are." Our
building is grotesquely ugly and contains
absolutely, nothing. Every other country
has tried to present something unique and
and a wnole room full. of Turners. There
is also a room devoted to Burne-Jones.
Here are his "Saint George," the beauti
ful anger of the martyrs, and a number
of others not so well known. t Hogarth's
"The Lady's Last Stake" hag been loaned
by , J. j Plerpont Morgan. The Queen has
sent two line portraits by Hoppner, while
Lord Tweedmouth and Sir Charles Jen-'
nant have contributed some of the finest
examples of Constable and Lawrence..
Upstairs there are a long art gallery, two :
bedrooms, a china closet' and a bathroom.
The bcedrooms are Indescribably lovely.'
One in' particular, that I think of as the
Trlstam and Isolde room, is a real de
light, j. The,' quaintly, carved bedstead tells
the story of these unhappy lovers. Across
the top of It is an Inlald'frieze of. lords*
and • ladles. > This . is beautifully - executed
in i color and looks like a bit of tapestry.
In the china closet are rare pieces of
Wedgwood and Royal Worcester and
fine examples of all ¦.< the \ other . English
ceramics. As tickets of Invitation are re
quired to enter. the English pavilion it Is
never crowded and one feels as though he
were i visiting • the. home of a friend. The
invitations are t not. hard, to get; for those
who take the trouble to ask for them.
The idea in having them is to keep out
the rabble, so that people who really ap
preciate the things exhibited may better
enjoy, them. Several other pavilions are
conducted in this manner^
As tho President visits the different pa
vliions the Paris journalists follow him
themselves in two and seemingly waited
for permission to raise their heads. I
suppose the stories about the hens and
the cowj? in the south of France, about
I^oubet's origin and early training, have
notxreached the ears of these Orientals.
To them Loubet is probably a great king,
for I doubt that the ordinary Oriental In
telligence, saturated as it is with exag
gerated Ideas of the great Jehovah on
earth, could grasp the notion of a repub
lic. The President seemed a little em
barrassed by the worshipful attitude of
his hosts and started In to shake hands'
with the whole outfit. ' I am wondering
whether he did the right thing or at least
if it were what they expected him to do.
I hardly believe it, as the handshaking
seemed much too condescending for this
excess of respect.
The English pavilion is now recognized
as one of the successes of the exposition.
It is .consistently and good
taste from cellar to garret. Outside it 13
not-so pretentious as many other build
ings, and during its construction it was
often criticized by the French for {Its
simplicity. But since the inside has been
completed all adverse criticism' ha3
ceased, notwithstanding that the French,
are very anxious at - thi3 particular time
to criticize anything that is English. The
building is designed to represent an old
English manor, and is furnished with all
the appliances of a country house. It Is"
partly an adaptation of the "Hall" at
Bradford-on-Avon, one of the finest ex
isting specimens of Jacobean architecture
of the early seventeenth century. Entering
by the main door the visitor is received
Into a large hall decorated with a-most
exquisite set of Burne-Jone's tapestries,
"the .Quest of the Holy Grael." On this
floor is a dining-room and a "deception
room, both of them furnished in. old En
glish style. The carved chairs and tables,
the beautiful, quaint, old - cabinet, "the
dainty light wood "grand" piano, ~ the won-^
derful mantels and luxurious rugs form:
an ensemble that is most delightful: But
best of all Is the extraordinary collection
of pictures and other works of art. .The
most precious objects of English art, from
numerous- private collections, have, been
loaned.'. Some of the best; Joshua Rey
nolds in existence' are "being exhibited.
There are a number of fine Gainsboroughs
till th<» exposition is over and see what
will happen. There is nothing but dis
content In the air that a peasant whose
mother wears a cap and an apron, who
feeds her own chickens and milks her own
cow, should be the host of kings. For the
idea In its completeness that all men are
born equal is not at all understood in this
make-believe republic. Felix Faure was
more of a success than Loubet. A splen
dU looking mad with a great deal of mag
netism and. assurance, he made himself
in many respects a king. He believed in
his own greatness and naturally was more
successful In forcing other people to be
lieve in it.
But poor loubet is like a fish out of
water. I never see him without experienc
ing a sensation of pity. He Is so appar
ently conscious of the contempt that he
inspires. 1 was at Versailles the day of
his election. I saw him pass out of the
palace amid the cries of "Conspucz Lou
bet." the most insulting expression that
the French can formulate. The fright
ened, cringing look upon his poor old face
that day Is one of the pictures In my
memory that time cannot efface. It re
quires a. lion-tamer to impress tho- French
people. He must look the beast straight
Id the eye without flinching, but Loubet
filnched at the first lifting of a paw and
loft his power. I have seen him several
times lately at the exposition. He is
making a round of official calls at the
various pavilions and may be seen almost
any morning In company with numerous
dignitaries. Yesterday morning I waited
to see him arrive at the Persian building.
A host of little black Persians, all done
up in th«ir best flowing trousers and red
dest sashea. were waitlne to receive him.
The steps were covered with the finest of
Persian rugs and the doors were hung
with their most treasured curtains. The
President came from the English build
ing, just across the way, thus making the
contrast between Anglo-Saxon and Ori
ental politeness very conspicuous. I
watched the English gentlemen pay their
respects to him. There was every cour
tesy In their manner, still it was the
courtesy of man to man. They received
him simply and naturally, as one gentle
man receives another. But at the Persian
building all was different. The little fel
lows with the baggy trousers doubled
£— if — iRE heirs of the Frencn Kings dare
not put foot on French soil, for this
j> is a republic, we are told, whore the
principles are "Liberte, Egalite and
Fraternlte." "A bas raristocratle, vive
'/fcs',:;^." Such are the theories cf thus de
lichrfully inconsistent republic. At pres
ent, in t-r>ite of all their theories, v.-p are
having ¦ lovely surfeit of royalty. Kings
are served to us for breakfast, lunch an<l
dinner. With its own royalty knocking
r.b<njt the world, without a country,
France is swinging incense and bowing
ur.fi prrapinp in the most adorinz fashion
before the Toyalty of other nations. For
several weeks I have been opening the
morning paper with t'ic greatest avidity
to learn how the Kins' of Swrrien had
passed the ni~ht or whaj he had for din
ner th<? evening before. Now that he has
pone, 1 5ho:!M feel a dreary void in my
rxiftence had not the Shah of Persia ar
rived to take his place. And the Shah, I
rnuyt confess, has more than replaced his
Majesty of Sweden. 1 find his ir.er.us
much more thrilling. They suggest more
tragic denouements and are altogether
!<«;<* common and ordinary. The King of
V- wed^n uses a fork and serviette like or
dinary mortals, but the Shah dips into
the dish with his fingers when so It
pleases him and wipes them on his shirt
front. A kfnply disregard for laundry
bills Is one of his characteristics. Then
my Interest in the Shah Is stimulated by
a Persian prince, who live? at my hotel
ard whose father is in the imperial suite.
The prince corroborates or denies to me
these journalistic reports, which of course
Is infinitely satisfying. Newspapers are
fo inaccurate! One morning it was even
published that the Shah had oaten cucum
bers the evening before, which the prince
vehemently denied. The Shah never eats
cucumbers, he protested they gave him
Indigestion. There Is nothing like know
ing the truth, and I value the prince's ac
quaintance f6r this opportunity that it
gives me. Now, the father of the prince
Is so r.ear and <2ear to the Shah that to
him Is accorded the most honorable duty
of tasting all of the preparations to be
served to the "King of Kings." The other
day the prince received bad tidings from
his sire. Some one had served at the
Shah's table a certain hot peppersauce,
meant to be administered a drop at a
time. But the Shah is never niggardly
toward hit favorite Minister. Seizing a
poupspoon he filled It to the brim and
passed it to the Minister, which the latter
emptied at one swallow. In consequence
the qualities of the Minister a* a taster
are somewhat impaired.
With all of their co-called republican
ism one king Is worth more in French es
timation than a whole carload of presi
dents. "Egalite" and "fraternite" are
•written all over their public buildings, but
es a matter of fact there is not one drop
of these sentiments in French blood.
French republicanism is only make-be
lieve. It Is simply a spectacular effect
that must be rendered at certain Intervals
for want of something betttr. The day
cf the Grand Prix I was riding in the Boi*
<3e Boulogne when the President and
Maria me Lcubet went by, returning from
the races. They were in the state car
riage, splendidly equipped and accompa
nied by twelve or fifteen outriders. An
lir.mer.se crowd had gathered to see them
pass, yot there was not a suggestion of
enthusiasm. A few faint cries of "Vive
Loubet" were drowned in more vigorous
ehouts of "Vive rArmec." As Loubet Is
not supposed to cherish toward^ the army
any very tender sentiments, such cr'.cs
were, of cour»c, a r.gbuke to him. The
vast majority of the persons assembled
maintained a sullen silence. Hardij" had
the President gone by when the K*tig *>t
Sweden appeared and then the uproar was
deafening. "Vive le Rol!" came unani
mously from thousands of throats. Every
man lifted his hat and the manner of
the entire rabble Indicated a sublime re
rpect where a moment before contempt
had been plainly written. The King re
rponded with "Vive la France." and then
the enthusiasm became wild.
Believe me. the divine right of kings
has not entirely lost ground in France.
Thi* influx of royalty that the Exposition
it bringing Is doing much to revive the
old sentiment In all of Its acuteness. Walt
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
AROUND THE PARIS EXPOSITION
Jke Jelegraph in Japan.
13In the teeth of grazing animals we shall
find the chief practical Interest to He in
the comparative damage they do to the
grass; and in this connection Sir Walter
Gllbey has shown by diagrams In hl»
. In the rodents we have to consider a
very interesting feature in the shape of
two incisors strikingly curved and devel
oped In either Jaw, the presence of which
at once indicates a habit of gnawing veg
etable food. These teeth are ever grow
ing and. should any cf the four be broken
by accident, the opposing Incisor will in
evitably grow unchecked Into the other
Jaw and bring about the animal's death
and starvation, to the hares and rabbits
there Is a second smaller pair of Incisor
teeth In the upper Jaw, immediately bo
hind the other two, but of the precise
significance of this supplementary pair I
do not recollect having read or heard any
satisfactory explanation.
nicmr>ers of its own order. Eschrfcht, &
German naturalist, discovered, sunk deep
In the gums of young whalebone whales,
traces of teeth; and this discovery gives
rise to the dcubt whether in bygone ages
these whalebone whales may not also
have posFCfsed teeth when full grown,
fcrdirg. like the cachalot. 011 fish. If so.
then did it also possess whalebone, and
for what purpose? Dentists tell us that
our own jaws are gradually diminishing in
length, and Darwin regarded our practice
cf cooking our food and thereby giving
our teeth less work to do as responsible
for the tendency cf t!:e wisdom teeth to
disappear.
The hand Is, as might be expected, of
less Importance to the »ower animals than
tO' man. In the majority of birds, with
Buch exceptions as the parrot3 and sono
others, the beak combines the function-*
of mouth and hands. The eagle's claw is
a symbol cf strength and says a good
deal for the character of Its owner, while
the hand of the ourangoutang. more hu
man and less rapacious looking, is. ac
cording to Dr. Wallace, able to tear open
the hardest fruits of the Malayan region. "
Still more remarkable Is the "attenuated,
wlrellke fingers," as Forbes called them,
of the grewsome looking ayeaye of Mad
agascar, with which that singular animal.
little known even to the natives of that;
island, searches the crevices of the trees
for Insect food. F. G. AFLALO.
In fishes the tongue is probably at Its
lowest stage of activity, but in reptiles
and amphibians, on tfae other hand, it
seems to play a more consistently useful
part than In animals of any other classes.
We no longer suspect the forked tongu>»
of poisonous serpents of "stinging" nor
do we believe that tho pythons lick their
victims in order to make them easier to
swallow whole. We do. however, assume
that the tongue acquaints the snake wlta
the fitness or otherwise for food of th*
things with which it comes In contact
and the toads and frogs actually capture
their insect food with their tongues. Kan
wonderful of all., however. Is the tongue
of the chameleon and one of the most sin
gular sights, of many, at the Zoo is tha
chameleon on the feed. as. rolling first one
eye then the other, grasping its perch
more tightly in Us strange handllke feet,
the chameleon catches the mealworms cr
black beetles presented to It by the keeper
with a lightning rapidity that defies a!I
but the fastest shutters In the photogra
pher's outfit. ' So remarkable is the whole
business thst visitors forget to look out
for the creature's ehanse of color that
they came purposely to see.
lories Is. of course, associated with th«
process of sucking nectar from deep flow
ers, and I have already remarked on the
presence of such a tongue In the kea. ami
on the possibility of Its falling, now that
It is no longer needed, into disuse.
"Young Racehorses" that the teeth of
the horse, which meet, do far more harm
to pasture grass than those in the padded
mouth of the ox.
In the kangaroos we find the large in
cisors in the lower Jaw cropping the grai3
like scissors.-
Blrds, or those at any rate that exist
nowadays outside of paleontolosieal col
lections, have no teeth; nothing, in fact,
to represent them, unless we so regard
the serrated edges of the mandibles in
some flsh-eatlns klnd3 that will be no
ticed later.
Among the reptiles, which stand a Ut
tle lower than the birds, we find teeth in
tended for seizing rather than masticat
ing, for it is the simple practice of snakes
and their kind to "bolt" their victim?
whole, after the manner of fishes. In tho
dreadful rattlesnake, for Instance, tho
two upper tubular fangs are conspicuous
whenever the creature opens its mouth,
and it is through these that the venom la
Infused in the victim's blood. Tho
pythons and boas show no such Ions
fangs, for they have no venom to inject.
In these the teeth lie In two rows in tho
upper jaw, and tn one row only In the
lower. These teeth, it will be notrced.
point back toward the throat, and It ia
for this reason that snakes are often un
able Immediately to relinquish their Bold
of any prey they may have seized. Thi3
and not greed, as seme of the newspapers
alleged at the time, accounted for the ac
cident at the Zoological Gardens when
two pythons, working at. opposite end* of
the same food, met In the middle and tho
larger had to swallow the smaller.
The teeth of fishes cover as a rule not
only both jaws but likewise the tongue
and palate. In the sharks and rays *i&
find supplementary rows of teeth ready
to replace those In front when use shall
have worn them down or accident ren
dered them useless; and in some of the
rays, notably In the thornhack, the teeth
of the male are sharp and pointed. wMlo
those of the female are blunt and flat.
This may or may not Indicate that the
male feeds on fishes, the female on shell
fish: but such at any rate are the re
spective diets assigned to such types of
teeth in the world of waters. In those
fish, as the mullets and sturgeons, that
eat soft food. the. teeth are either quito
feeble or altogether wanting.
The tongue, wnich we chiefly associate
with taste ami speech, is largely used in
feeding by certain classes of animals. N jC
to any great extent do the quadrupeds
avail themselves of its aid. though tho
great ant-eater thrusts its lor? and slimy
tongue among the ants, having tlrst torn
away the rides of their hills with claws
so powerful that Pates regarded th?m a*
fully capable of mauling a jaguar. These
who have seen the ant-eaters in the s'oth's
house at the 7.on may have noticed that
these animals walk practically ' on their
heels. The vampire bat. again, uses Its
rough-tipped ton sue in emptying certain
fruits of their pulpy conttnfs, and the
giraffe uses the same organ In stripping
the acacia branches of their leaves. Visit
ors to tnena series in which the glraff-.-s
have an open-air paddock with high trees
planted In it can easily see a hind of "high
water mark" on the denuded branches,
s-howing the highest point to which even
the tall giraffe cculd reach.
It will usually be, found that as a sort
of compensation mammals havlns such
unusual development of tongue have a
correspondingly poor equipment of teeth.
Xor. except in a few groups, is th<»
tongue conspicuously useful In birds. Our
awn woodpeckers show perhaps the mo3t
wonderful piece of mechanism from na
ture's workshop — a tongue of great length
packed away at the back of the head,
coiling and uncoiling with the force of a
*p!ral spring, tarbed and sticky at the
tip. What a terrible searcher of the grubs
that lurk behind the tree bark: In -a
rouple of woodpeckers from North Amer
ica, species that chiefly feed on the sweet
maple sap. this complicated apparatus is
dispensed with. The brush tongue of tho
ODD WAYS THAT WILD ANIMALS HAVE OF FEEDING THEMSELVES.
WITH his knives, forks and
spoons, and sieves, nut-crackers,
over.s and kettles, man can com
mand. In spite of his feeble
teeth, a hill of fare, animal and vegetable,
that might well appall even a hog. The
hardest shelled egg or nut. the toughest
fier-h, the largest or smallest fruits, these
effer no difficulties. By one process or
many, nreording to the need? of tht case,
lie prepares each article to his liking and
ciecstion. In the great world of wild life,
however, meals are. differently ordered.
end cnimals must find the fcod for which
they are physically fitted — find it or
Ft.irve. The old fable of the fox and
Ftorl:. with their flat dish and deeper
pitcher, illustrates one aspect, but only
->r<-. of :h!s difficulty.
Nature is generally equal to the work.
The barnacle Is an interesting case in
point. In its early days the barnacle
ev.^rr.s as freely as a fish, seeking Its food
In the fame manner adopted by most
animals of that class. When. In middle
tpp, it settles demurely to a more restful
existence, even though Its home be the
fkin cf a whale, it can no longer go tc
eeek its food. The food must tn these
circumstances be Induced to come to the
barnacle, and this is facilitated by the
ability of the crustacean to set up tiny
rurror.ts in the water with the aid oi
j;s r'x pairs of curly feet.
It must be admitted that we shall not
f:n<! In Nature's realm many other creat
ures that feed in this way with their feet
that Is to say by kicking the food Into
their stomach; but a glance around some
of Lhe rooms cf her workshop will reveal
the manner !n which the teeth, blii,
tcrrr-P and claws have been modeled and
modified to constitute a perfect food
•Kiuii'mT.t. 60 closely in some cases have
thos... organs been adapted to the food
sought that it Is TrOiretimes possible to
te'l frcm a. slight examination of them
the diet of the particular animal undei
notice, an Inference particularly allow
able In the case of a majority of birds.
The head of the kea. that much dis
cussed mutton eater of New Zealand,
illustrated at once the case and difficulty
of accepting such evidence, tfcough It
nuft fa*rly 1>p confessed that the kea is
an exceptional Individual. It can scarce
ly be Insisted that its bill, though power
ful, points t>. any predisposition for a,
meat «I!et. for many of the cockatoos,
pure vegetarians, display (as for in-
Blince, the treat black cockatoo) far
more power in their beak than many of
ihe truly carnivorous and raptorial birds.
The kca has. as a matter of fact, tfc*
fringed tongue cf ¦ honey cater, arA
honey it unquestionably roust have fed on
in the flays before certain unforeseen c!r
cumstacces On the shape cf the colonists
and their sheep* intervened and, while
destroying th«? bird's natural source. 1 ? ol
food, gave it new taFtes and new oppor
tunities of ratifying! them. Those who
iTrrerost themselves closely in evolution
will ralch with interest <at seme future
date: the chance is as yet too recent to
be cf use to this generation) f° r the ta\l~
lnsr into dieuM and final obsolence, of an
organ CO lonffCT needed. As a better ex
ample cf Nature's foresight, we find the
K^Ftr:!* cf the esr.n'-t at the ba«e of th€
MS ta converge of the case of the kiwi,
in which they are situated almost at the
tip) r.r.d almost covered by the Ekin,
x honks to which device the bird is abl«
to dive without inconvenience from a
great hoigi:; on the shoals of fish be
neath.
Ivocktnp. for instance, at the skulls of
the right and sperm whales we see heads
of euch different structure as to .seem
scarcely capable of reference to the same
order of mammals. The right (or whale
bone) whale has no teeth and feeds only
on the minute creatures of different kinds
that float (under the collective scientific'
title of plankton), retaining them in the
baleen sieve shown In the sectional
sketch. Th<» huge Fperra whale, or cach
alot, on the other hand, has strong teeth .
in the lower jaw. which enable it to feed
on fishes and even en porpoises, smaller
THE SUNDAY CALL.
14and the handicap of a long head start
which the runaway had, the end already
in eight, a turn 'at the foot of the hill.
Hut liorse and man were stayers. They
came "P on l he right-hand side of the run
ning team, overtaking it as fast as though
It only etood. His riata swung, shot out
and caught the neck of the further noree
and in an Instant Its head was choking
over the back of its mate. The man
with the riata brought his . horse up
against the reeking side of the right-hand
one in the Tunaway team.
Dropping his reins upon the neck of his
horse,, he left the intelligent animal .mas
ter of its own motions and with his f roe
hand reached for, the bridle of the horse
next .him.;'; ' 1 •
As he leaned over the enraged animal
threw back • its , head, striving to ; escape
his grasp," and j struck the ' rider] a smasn
ing blow in the face. "Almost blinded; tha
officer, paused ¦ a second, -when his horse
took matters into his own control and shot
For over five years S.'. M. Thomson, the
present' chief of the park, squad," kept
watch alone. Then It was found neces
sary to increase the* number to its present
quotas of 'five mounted men and eleven
foot men, with extra men for Saturdays
and Sundays. • ¦
Seventeen years ago the first mounted
policeman went on duty in the Golden
Gate Park of San Francisco. Tho park
was comparatively unimproved at that
time and not " particularly •'. popular, one
man being amply sufficient . to maintain
law* and \ order and catch the occasional
runaway. , ¦
• • •
. The horses'were placed in charge. of an
other mounted vaquero policeman who
came up with the runaway buggy norac.
Captain Thomson, who had made the
rescue, was oft to attend'to his other du
ties. Was he forgotten? v
ahead until his rider could grasp the bridle
] firmly. Then came tho struggle. For a
hundred feet or more the vaquero horse,
almost stiff legged, was tearing the gravel
out of the road as he slowed down the
tons' weight of horses and rig. By thi3
time the outer runaway horse wa3
dragged up : half over the back of his
mate, upon which the vaquero horse was
also leaning. With a . few. useless, llrcd
plunges they stopped, and while the po
liceman straightened his hat and held the
new shamefaced, choking, panting horse3.
the uprushing bystanders assisted to tho
ground a woman with the bright Joyful
ness of a new saved life showing on her
face. Around her neck two frighten;; J
aims still locked. --¦ .
No light, fleetfoot pazelle of a horse,
with a willowy rider, but a heavy horse
and a heavy rider. Heavy and epeedy,
with the weight and swiftness of an ex
press engine end the strength to conquer.
Riding a race with two lives for «. stake,
Straight ahead th«» woman looked, see
ing nothing. A huRgy suddenly popped
out frcm a r'.&e drive fairly In front of
the flyinp team. The driver tried to save
himself, but before lie had cleared the
heavy cocch whwls had thrown his buggy
upride down and his own horse, torn
loose, had started on a maddened race.
As the man rose from "the ground, dusty
and bloody, a dark shadow passed him.
Kllkkity-klik a horse and rider went over
J*- hill, forty miles an hour. It was one
' the vaqucro policemen with his trained
horse.
On the rear prat of the barouche was a
woman with a little pirl of elx years, held
to her breast as she had held her that
first time six years ago. .
The horsrp j-wung violently away from
him. throwing the wheels sideways with
a wrench that cut Into the hard macadam.
The body of the flying rig lurched over on
two whefl?. the coachman shot through
the air and struck head first on the gritty
roarJbed. a shapeless heap of flesh and
Prop!r ; . rigs and bikes shot acroca tha
f.oTrer J.r-ds that bordered the drive. Wo
mrn Rfrnamod. "Oh. they'll be killed!"
Boys shouted "Stop 'em!" A man rushed
out in the road and waved hat and hand
like a jumping jack with St. Vitus' dance.
•rpsNUNAVTAY! Runaway! yelled th«
\l)) boys playing on the grass. Down
JpVv th<> road came an open carriage
and two black horses, running with
the spasmodic Jumps of a rabbit.
To the mounted men falls all the bril
liant work of stopping runaways, saving
riders and drivers, and arresting breakers
of the speed limit law.
At present the members of the mounted
squad are: S. M. Thomson. Nelson Nor
ton, Christopher Arellanes, T. J. Kava
nagh and Manuel de la Guerra.
The "trying out" process or practical
examination is left to Captain Thomson
and John McLaren, park superintendent.
Under the new charter In force In San
Francisco, the park squad has become a
part of the regular police force, with a
raise In salary from $S0 for mounted men
and $75 for foot men, to J1CO for each In
dividual, whether on horse or afoot. The
future selection of mounted men will be
left to th«s Police Commissioners of San
Francisco and not to the Park Commis
sioners, but the examination will prob
ably be the same as heretofore.
The aspirant for mounted police honors
— having duly qualified as to character
and intellect— Is taken by Captain Thom
son and Superintendent McLaren to the
trial ground, the speedway — the one place
in the park where driving over ten miles
an hour is not prohibited. He is mounted
on the regulation park horse, Spanish
saddle with high horn, curb bit and raw
hide lasso. The- initiate is first put
through his paces as a rider— sent tearing
up and down the speedway at breakneck
pace, picking up handkerchiefs from the
groundv vaulting in and out of the sad
dle." and all at full gallop. Then he Is re
quired to catch a runaway horse by the
bridle; then to stop a horse and buggy,
and then to lasso an escaping. team. The
1: ;t and most difficult of all the tests Is
In the case of runaway teams, the ob
ject of the officer is to lasso the more re
fractory hcrae and bring him to a stand
still slowly and without upsetting the ve
hicle. Often this necessitates riding up
close to the team and steering It care
fully into some by-road, where there will
not be the danger of a collision with other
rigs. If the road la crowded and there Is
no time to loo?*>n a lariat, the man must
get the runaway by the bridle, lift its
forelegs bodily from the ground and set
the beast back on his haunches.
But one policeman has lost his life In
the service. That was the case of Sam
uel \V Harper. on<» of the most proficient
men on the force, who. In stopping a team,
fell under his own horse and received in
juries which resulted in blood poison. Tha
plucky fellow suved the lives of the peo
ple, but lost his own In the attempt.
The park Is never left without patrol.
One mounted man Is kept on duty from
3 p. m. to 12 a. m. and two foot men are
en duty all night. Saturdays. Sundays
and holidays see the whole squad out in
force at the hours when the park Is mosl
crowded.
r ,
Few park accidents have resulted In fa
talities and none after the police had
taken a hand*. There have been but one
or two cases where coachmen were thrown
from the box and killed before the officer
arrived on the scene to stop the runaway
and save the lives of the occupants.
To keep the men In ported practice they
have been given a drill regularly once a
week on the speedway, on lines similar
to the initiate's drill.
At the last three fcorso shows given in
San Francisco in lS!M-&-t>, Captain Thom
son and his men carried off the nrst prize
for all-around expert riding, rescuing and
lariat throwing.
Bicycle3 with dogs attached have also
recently been forbidden the use of the
park— so the man who wishes to exercise
his pet canine may have the opportunity
of finding both himself and dog tied to
the end of the same rawhide.
If the rider be too heavy to lift from
the fiddle the horse 1s checked by catch-
Ing the bit. If the bit be broken there Is
no alternative but to lasso the horse and
slowly stop him. This, however, requires
the greatest skill; first, to throw the rope
over the horse's head and not on the rider,
and second, to stop the horse In such a
way that the rider will not be unseated.
The men have become so expert with
their lariats that they can catch a bicy
clist going full speed and bring him to a
standstill without throwing him from hi3
wheel. Several times expert wheelmen
have endeavored to pass on forbidden
ground, despite the remonstrance of the
officers. Trusting to the speed of their
wheels they have rushed ahead only to
be brought up with a round turn and a
rope around their neck. The police have
as yet had no experience in roping gaso
line horses, but' they say they are ready
to try the automobile if necessary.
The principal work for the mounted men
is In handling the accidents which are now
of daily occurrence. Many a young girl'3
life has been saved by the stalwart arm
of one of Thomson's efficient squad, pick
ing her from the back of a fiery runaway
just In time — the rlderles3 horse, of
course, being allowed to goto be caught
farther up the line by a deftlasso.
to pick a person frcm the back of a run
away steed. If the novice be successful
in all the experiments he becomes a full
Hedged mounted park policeman. Under
the new law Captain Thomson and his
mer. remain for life — good conduct, etc.,
being considered.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Effective Methods of San Francisco's Park Police in handling Runaways
15The author of -"The Workers." Walter
A3 Wyckoff. has published nothing since
the appearance of. thoSe two remarkable
volumes. In the September Scrlbner's ha
will reappear as a -writer with an ac
count of his Journey to the fax north with
one of the Peary relief expeditions. Ha
will jell partlculagrly_j»j[ bis
"A Private Chivalry" is the title of the
new novel by Francis Lynde. which
Messrs. D. Appleton & Co. announce for
early publication. The scene, which is
laid in Colorado, shifts from the stirring
life of a mining camp to Denver, and the
story Is said to be remarkable for dra
matic actions and suspended interest.
"The Lane That Has No Turning" is the
title of a new book by Gildert Parker
which will be published by Doubleday
Page & Co. In the autumn. It Is a dra
matic story of Quebec, Mr. Parker's fa
vorite literary . hunting-ground, and will
be the first book published by Mr. Parker
since 1893. ¦ ; . •
Dodd, Mead & Co. have decided to put>
lish Marie CorelM's "Master Christian "
at the end of August, unless something
unforeseen should occur. The advance or
ders for the book have been very heavy
and in Kngland the publishers' order*
have been well nigh unprecedented
Literary Notes.
haustive lndei and numerous small por
traits, together with twelve full-page
steel .portraits and other illustrations
(Published hy D. Appleton & Co.. New
York. Cloth $4, sheep $3, half-morocco ?$.)
most of the matter used in the book has
appeared i in that newspaper.
His account includes the story of the
•armored train which was captured by the
Boers near Camp Frere: his detention as
a prisoner of war at Pretoria for over a
month; his final escape and sevice in the
Natal army. He was with Lord Dun
donaW ¦ when the entry was made to
Ladysmith. The fierce , encounter j at
Spionkop and the fighting around Pleter's
Hill are graphically told. (Published by
Longmans, Green & Co., New York. Price
Appleton's' Cyclopedia of Arrjcri-
carj Biography.
During- the last decade many important
events b,ave happened and men have be
come famous who were little known\ten
years ago., In 1889 the concluding volume
of /'Appleton's Cyclopaedia of American
Biography" was issued in six octavo vol
umes. The work was- pronounced by the
historian,^Bancroft, to be "the most com
plete- work of • its character ever pub
lished,", containing as It did about twenty
thousand names and nearly two thousand
portraits and .other illustrations. The
Appletons have now. prepared and have
ready for distribution the seventh volume
of this admirable series, and .considering
thefullnebs of the last ten years In events
;of.' significance,: with the corresponding
number of new names brought into promi
nence, this .volume becomes one of -the
most valuable v books of reference of . the
year. It has been prepared • by General
Wilson; the senior editor and projector
of the original work, with . a view to In
cluding all Americana and, adopted citl-
"A Manual of Personal Hygiene" has
just been published" under the able edi
torship of Walter Pyle, A. M., M. D., as
sistant surgeon to Wills Eye Hospital,
Philadelphia; fellow of the American
Academy of Medicine, and former editor
of the International Medical , Magazine.
The book sets forth , plainly the best
means of developing and maintaining
physical and -mental vigor. Numerous
diagrams and illustrations are given, and
technical phraseology has been avoided
as far as compatible with the . scientific
value of the text, so the work is brought
down" to the easy comprehension of the
general: reader. ' Different subjects of hy
giene are taken up in detail by specialists
in their profession. Hygiene of the diges
tive apparatus is . made the. opening chap
ter of the work In a paper by, the profes
sor of medicine in the medical department
of the University . of Buffalo, Charles * O.
Stockton,. 1L ; D. , : Other J chapters ..are as
follows: Hygiene of the skin and its ap
pendages, by George Howard Fox, M. D.,
. of New York ; hygiene of the vocal and
.respiratory apparatus, by E. Fletcher Iri
gals,~ M. D., professor of . laryijgology
and diseases of ; the "chest . in Rush Medi
cal College, Chicago; .hygiene of ; the s ear,
by B. ~ Alex ' Randall, M.D/, professor i of
.diseases of the ear In the' University j of
Pennsylvania; hygiene of . the i eye, by
sumption, 'etc. : full particulars of all'-Na
tional Associations and Societies relating
to Medicine and Surgery. (Published by
R. L. Polk & Co., Detroit, Baltimore, Chi
cago. Price, $10.) : .
A Manual of Personal Hys ic oe.
"Folk's Medical and Surgical Regi<»ter
of the United States and Canada" has
been before the public since 1886 and Is
now in its sixth edition; It Is the only na
tional medical directory and Is 'a remark
ably accurate and valuable work covering
some two thousand and seven ¦ hundred
pages. "With a view of adding • to * the
usefulness of. the register there have been
introduced In the edition of 1900 a number
of new features ajid improvements In ar
rangement. • One ?. of . the " most . valuable
sections is an Index covering all the phy
sicians of the' United States arranged al
phabetically. Besides this \ the volume
contains a List of Physicians and Sur
fc-eons, arranged by States and Provinces,
ter of trj2 United States
and Canada.
It would be well if more of the fiction
of to-day could produce the effect upon
the reader that this simple story does
leaving him with love and sympathy for
his brothers. (Published by L. C. Page.
& Co.. Boston. Price Jl 25.)
PolK's Medical ai)d Surgical Regis-
Such a book as this cannot fall 'to In
fluence for the better all those who read
It, for It Is goo dto know such honest, un
pretentious characters. • .
"Memory Street" Is a story of New.Eng
land-life--of long ago and the characters
pre all good types. There Is no plot; but
because of the truthful descriptions of
the everyday life of the people and tho
easy style in which the story Is written
it is interesting from first to last. . .
Martha Baker Dunn's first novel. "Mem
ory Street," will undoubtedly be wel
comed with interest, as her constant con
tributions to the Atlantic' Monthly have
been so successful.
Iq Merrjory Street.
The book has as a frontispiece one of
Jokal's latest photographs, which makes
an acceptable addition, for he Is a man
of martial mien, was one of the revolu
tionists of the Kossuth period and might
well have figured as one of the heroes ot
the present story. (Published by.iL.''C.
Page & Co., New York.- Price' $1 50.)
Another excellent bit is that passage
where the second of tho Baron's sons ac
cepts the dying charge from his 'mortal
enemy, whom he has vanquished in fair
light, to seek out and care for the illegit
imate son of his former foe.
The most remarkable chapters of th«
whole book are those in which is described
that terrible ride of the rebellious Hus
sars across the Carpathians to join the
insurgents in their desperate fight for
home and country.
their own heads or picparing to Cdt oi»
some one else's head that they have little
time to devote to affairs of the heart.
Still it must not.be understood from this
that the Hungarian's work Is entirely de
void of sentiment, for that would be far
from true. The devotion of* the sons for
their mother and her absolute sacrifice
of self for them Is beautifully expressed:
also the deep and strong love of two of
the sons for the women they afterward
marry is most sympathetically told.
For those who enjoy a good, sound
story of human interest . and stirring
event it. would be hard to find a better
book to. recommend than Maurus Jokai'a
story of the Hungarian uprising of 1S43,
"The Baron's Sons." The title in the
original is "The Sons of the. Stony-
Hearted Man," but the translator has
preferred to call It "The Baron's Sons."
There Is probably no man living better
fitted to deal with that period of Ilunga-
The Baron's Sorjs,
The writer Is not satisfied with the
many troubles through which the heroine
has passed, and just as happiness is with
in reach her husband returns, as it were
from the dead, in time to prevent her
second marriage. The novelist has not
the heart, though, to leave us with the
terrible picture of the girl with her hus
band whom she has mourned as dead, and
her lover to whom she has given v her
heart. Death comes to the rescue and
closes the chapter. (Published by F. M.
Buckles & Co., New York. Price Jl 25.)
To accentuate the beauty and nobility
of soul of this lowly born girl the writer
has drawn a most degenerate character
in the person of a highly born, beautiful
girl. She is a miserably unhappy woman
until in the end she repents, is blessed and
lives happily ever after.
There Is a decided flavor of the dime
novel about Miss Sargent's story. "A Rl=e
in the World.'.' The heroine is a most im
possible character, who by her marriage
to a gentleman Is transformed in a few
years from a stubborn, awkward, ugly
servant into an attractive, cultured, lov
abie woman. The writer has her hands
so full with this wonderful progress of the
heroine that she seems to be incapable
of managing the hero, so sends him off to
India, where he has some Government
position. The young wife Is left with hei:
husband's mother, who, by the way, is
the best-drawn character in the book.
(\ Rise in the World.
The Consul found his duties most con
genial and took an active Interest in af
fairs abroad and in the eminent people
with whom he associated. His hook con
tains some very graphic descriptions-; for
Mr. and Mrs. Byers traveled as much as
possible, saw all ' they could and maxie a
Etudy of everything that they saw. Com
ing from the pen of one who stood high
In the favor of General Grant and General
Sherman and one whose position offered
him the advantage of associating with
the most prominent people of Kurope. the
work cannot fail to be of value and in
terest. (Published by Rand, McXally &
Co.. New York. Price $150.)
The author'? diary was kept during the
period of the Turko-Russian and Franco-
Prussian wars, the establishment of the
German empire, the third French republic
and the transformation of Italy under
Victor Emmanuel. Mr. Byers served his
country during the struggle between the
North and the South as a major of volun
teers, and at the close of the war was*
offered a commission in the regular army.
Ill health compelled him to give up all
Idea of a military life, and in 1S69 he re
ceived an appointment from General
Grant as Consul to Zurich, where he went
with his bride.
••Twenty Years in Europe" is a book
written by a former United Sfates Consul
to Switzerland and Italy. S. II. M. Byeis
of Iowa. Mr. Byers held his position from
JSC9 to 1^31 off and on and since his return
to the UlUted States has devoted some
time to literary pursuits. The present
\oi'jm= Is made up largely from th? pages
cf a diary kept during his stay abroad,
and also contains about fifty personal let
ters from General Sherman, who was a
warm friend of the author. The book is
copiously illustrated with many photo-
Kraphs of prominent people met by Mr.
Byers in his position as Consul from the
United States, and also pictures of fa
mous places visited by him: some of the
latter are shown on this pape and will
pive an idea of the superior class of Illus
trations throughout the book.
Twenty Years in Europe
lady's uncle, who is a political helper of
Pomppy and therefore cordially hates
Quintus. the frierd* of Caesar. A very
pretty love story is this of Quintu? and
Cornelia and there is plenty of thrilling
adventure and C*ash of firms to impart
interest and hold the reader's attention.
(Published by the MaczniUon Company,
New York. Price $1 00.)
The book contains portraits of Jefferson
by Stuart. Pcale. Desnoyers, Brumidi,
Eully and Otis; also photogravures of the
Kronze statue of Jefferson by D'Atijers
£jj<3 the marble statue by Powers, and a
picture of Jefferson's home, Montlcello.
In addition to a chronblosy and a valuable
appendix of certain writings in full, there
Is piven a most convenient topical index,
together wiih cross-references, so that
any subject may be traced in any phase
and an exhaustive search made with the
iaast possible delay. This index is really
remarkable In its use for quick and accu
rate reference and has evidently been pre
pared only at the expense of a vast
amount of care and time. (Published by
Funk & "Wasnalls Company. New York.
In cloth J7uO. sheep $10, half-morocco
512 50, full morocca <15.)
JL Friend of-Caesar.
A very promising writer is William
EtesnsB Davis, author of "A Friend of
Caesar." When the fact Is taken Into
consideration that Mr. Daviis Is a mem
ber of this years class at Harvard anl
that the book was -written durlne a
year's Illness that kept him away from
his studies, the work Is really quite re
markable. "A Friend of Caesar" is
more than a powerful etory well writ
ten—It Is a work that could be used to
advantage In the schools as supplement
ary reading for a course In Latin or in
connection with the study of Roman his
tory- -A-t times. In fact. Mr. Davis 1 at
tention to details is almost pedantic He
gives the most minute descriptions of
manners and customs, dress and habits
of the Roman people during the last half
of the first century before the Christian
era. Tct it mutt be said that this does
r.ot detract in the slightest from the In
terest in the narrative, but rather serves
to make It the more real. Novels of the
time of Caesar are not to be taken up tor
an hour's reading, but rather when time
is plenty and the subject matter can bo
thoroughly digested. The casual, li?ht
reader would find much In the present
work to be skipped as immaterial to the
direct issue of the story, but for the care
ful, thoughtful person, who desires
mental improvement, combined with the
rest and pleasure' of as Interesting tale,
ished."
rdamllWJS, and consequently too expen
fiv* to admit cf a general Introduction
amorg all classes, nor is the mode of ar
laneexacnt the best adapttd to Us recep
tion into ordinary use a* a work of refer
ence.'
"From that distant day to the present
t/ro«- no attempt has been made to ar
ranse ard daaatfy the theories an 1 prin
cipitr of Jefferson, so as to make them
axahable In ready reference form.
"The J«-fTerfconian Cyclopedia aims to do
this— to be a manual of Jeffersonian doc
trine, accurate, complete, impartial, giv
ing Jefferson's views, theories and ideas
Iri hi«; own wcr<3«. No edition of Jeffer-
FonF writings, printed at either public or
r.rivate expense, contains so comprehen
sive a collection of Jefferson's opinions as
this volume. This fact will be clearly se«n
by all who consult it.
"Not alone to the American people but
to all peoples are Jefferson's opinions on
g-ovemment of deep and abiding Interest.
Among the statesmen of all time he is the
foremost expounder of the rights of man.
of the unalienable right of every human
being to life, liberty and the pursuit of
happiness*. That Is the object of all just
government, to preserve which Jefferson-
Ian principles must be sacredly cher-
The Jeff ersoQian Cyclopedia.
There fcas just l>e<~n published a large
octavo volume «>f 1031 pages, under the
title "The Jcfftrsonian Cyclopedia." The
hork has K:-tn carefully edited and ar
rEr.gp<1 by John P. Frley and contains a
cnmpkte clp.^sified .-.rrangrement of the
writings of Thomas Jefferson on govern
ment, politics, law, education, commerce,
agriculture, manufactures, navigation,
tirianee. morals, religious freedom and
many other matters of permanent human
interest— nltope: her 922* extracts arranp
€<3 under topics in alphabetical order.
The extracts have been selected with sp«r
c;£l reference to their timeliness and in
ttrff t durinp the present campaign.
In rxplair.in? the reason for the publi
cation of the volume at the present time,
Mr. Pcjey Bays:
••v\"ny ar.d •Therefore the publication of
¦this volume now? Tho answer is this:
M^rf than three-quarters cf a century
-so oj;e of ttie earlier biographers of ~ef
!<rs.ri vrot* 5 : *lt would \>f a happy cir
cuotiFtaMc* f^r America ami for the mass
of rra.nk'.r.d if th«- works cf JcflVison tou'd
L-bteiB a circulation which would place
them in the hands of every individual.
Vr.fortunately. the form in which they
Y.a\f- appeared la hot the mo^t artvanta
gecsh to ihv accomplishment of ihis de-
FiraH* purp« ?'-. The publication is toj
A STORY that attained a great suc
cess in tpain is "Currita. Countess
of Albornos."' It is the work of
Luis Coloxr.ci. a member of the
Society of JcSQS. Written as an attempt
to picture Madrid society, it ends by be
ing a scathing denunciation of that part
rf the vrorid which holds itself aloof from
the commonplace and aims to refine to
the utmost the elegancies of leisure and
pleasure. To be sure there are In the
bonk character* who have the good will
of the author. Imt only so because they
peek first something which the author
oorsiders of more value than the pleas
ures of the moment, and who give but a
prrondary consideration to shining a3
nnldrrs of fashion. In the main, the
drsmati: no'ec-nc are those in whom
r.imriM every good trait has been killed
bjr continued devotion to tho gratification
of selfiph desires. Currita. the lo'nding
.character, rrminrts one of Becky Sharp
in the diforiiriinati'ig intelligence which
fhc employ* t<i further alms which look
only to the Indulgence of s< Ifish caprice.
und In th<» moral bias of a character
which F«--err.s tr» prefer dupih ity to candor
in accomplishing a certain end. Alto
gether the rovei is not pleasant reading
i f one takes no enjoyment In hearing of
fit-<--pl<» who would be the opposite of
ppreeablc if met in reality. Put if pn-
Joyment :.* Fair<-1 from the display of
rral tr>!o:it. whether this be employed i;
Fbfiv.-irjr tb»> Tcii!»!cs of ihc fooUsb "or th;
rfrtuc of ihe \vi*;p. then a ino.-t true and
unqualified pleasure is in store for tin
r^.n-ipr of "Currita.^ For Luis <*o!om3
wntef with a iTnowlmlge of human na
ti:"-p tt'hlcto perhaps no one as well as a
rrirpt can acquire^ Bad with an apprecia
tion of t!j*« mutunl effect of character
jsn.-r. cnvlroainetu ¦n.-hii-h enable/i Mr-, t-.
:r?.r f \ ks it w< re. the hand of destiny in
human affairs, whero th« trathoUchtful
wo\:Ii1 s<*.p but the happy or unhappy
combination? of fortuitous circumstance.
To the American roa.ler much In the life
of a political intriguante in a monarchi
cal cotratty, having no parallel in our owi
I!***, may sc-c-m t'.mnioreMing. Then. too.
ih*> puint of view held by a Spanish
gTKSdee a:;d by tho more commonplace
American aro so widely <1iverg.»at that
charity must !><•. cx«?rcise<1 If (MM is« to read
v.-jth rndpn-p.TTiiriEr an<1 sympathy.
It ?ppmf out <'f place to trace the story
told in this novel. By thf-msclvep the
*vpr.ts which lead to th«> climax are not
cf enpa?r!:>f; imprest. It If only as these
events play thf-ir part in bringing to a
Titling chwe th*» career of Currita and as
they reveal th* 1 Intricate workinps of a
rnnst complex character that they become
of that absorbing interest whi"h attaches
to the Fecrni:;g!y most simulo occurrence
•when this is in reality a link in a chain of
causes which work to make a crisis In a
humsn life. (Published l>y Little, Brown
&; Co.. Boston. Price. $1 5<>.)
this book cannot be too highly recom
mended. -
The story deals with the strug
gle between the great Pompey
and the greater Julius Caesar and
matters political and social ' prior
the establishment of the empire.
The author shows wonderful familiarity
with his ancient authors and Is evident
ly a close student of the maps and rec
ords of the day. Some of the most fam
ous personages of the time, Julius Caesar,
Porapcy. Marc Antony, Cleopatra, appear
in the story. The "Friend cf Caesar" is
Quintus Livius Drusu*. the hero of. the
sr^ry, and betrothed, by the wills of their
respective parents, to a noble Roman
maiden. Cornelia. Contrary to tho gen
oral turn In fiction, v/hcre parents ?r
rangc marriages, only to have them bit
terly opposed by their children. Quintua
and Cornelia love each other dearly, but
are kept apart_throu^U_the. efforts of the
rian history than Jokai. You can feel the
man's deepest sympathies are In his work,
and his perfect touch in the most trifling
detaUs of the life of the times gives an
absolute verity to his writings; moreover,
the author himself has known what it is
to fight in the cause of liberty, and with a
pen as powerful as his, strengtened by
the personal experience of hard service,
It would be impossible for him .to- write
anything other than an ei^g.ossing tale.
"The Baron's Sons" is one of the best
novels of the year.
The translator has cut the story down
from the original, but the work has been
well done, and as far as the English
reader Is concerned the curtailment will
not be noticed. The same direct, vigor
ous style has been retained and not a
thread of the narrative lost. As it stands
the book Is still a long one.
In the opening chapter the hard-hearted
Baron dies, leaving his wife commis
sioned to carry out to the letter all his
political schemes with reference to her
self and her three sons. The Baron is
hardly dead when she takes a sacred oath
to God to go directly contrary to the ln-
Htructlfjns which he had dictated to her
with his dying breath, and to espouse tne
cause of liberty.
Jokal is bolter in descriptions of war
-lian in writing love stories. Ills charac
¦£rb are always so busy taking care of
giving postoffice address, with population
and location, the school practiced and the
date and college of graduation. All the
extinct and existing medical colleges in
the United States and Canada are given,
with the locations, officers,- number of
professors, • lecturers, demonstrators, etc.
There is also given a List of the various
Medical Societies, State Prisons, Hospi
tals. Sanitariums. Dispensaries, Asylums
and other medical institutions. The reg
ister also comprises: Boards of Health:
Boards of Medical Examiners: A Synop
sis of the Laws of Registration and other
laws relating to the profession: Medical
Journals with names of editors, frequency
of publication and subscription rates;
Medical Libraries: Mineral Springs; offi
cial list of Officers of the Medical Depart
ments of. the United States Army. Navy
and Marine Hospital Service; Roster of
the Examining Surgeons of the Inlted
States Pension Department: a descrip
tive sketch of each State. Territory and
Province, embodying such matters as lo
cation, boundary, extent in miles and
acres, latitude and longitude, statists re
lating to climate, temperature, rate ot
mortality, number of deaths from con-
AVinston Spencer Churchill probably
stands first among those who have re
corded the events of the Boer war. for he
risked his own life to save the lives of
others. His book "London to, Ladysmith
via Pretoria" is, as he himself says,
mainly a personal record of his adven
tures-and impressions during the first five
months of the African war. but as he was
with Sir Redvers Buller during the oper
ations conducted for the relief of Lady
smith, this personal record, becomes high
ly interesting.- and as it is accompanied
by excellent maps and plans It Is cor
respondingly valuable as a matter of his
tory. Mr. Churchill was special cor
respondent of the Morning Post and
London to Ladysmith via Pretoria.
Walter L. Pyle, M.D., assistant surgeon
to Wills Eye Hospital, Philadelphia: hy
giene of the brain and nervous system, by
j. W. Courtney, M.D.. assistant In the
nervous department, Boston City Hos
pital: physical exercise, by.G.-N. Stewart,
M.O.. professor of physiology in the West
ern Reserve University of Cleveland.
Published by W. B. Sanders & Co., Phila
delphia. Price, 51 50.
This volume contains nearly two thou
sand notices of Americans of the army
and navy who won renown in the recent
war with Spain and the Philippine Isl
ands; also of persons "of the New World
who have in various ways become, promi
nent in the peaceful activities of life dur
ing the past decade. In this new volume
is included complete lists of pen names,
nicknames and sobriquets mentioned in
the complete work: also of persons who
have died since the publication of the
original- six volumes, together with lists
of the signers of the Declaration of Inde
pendence, of the Presidents of the Conti
nental Congress and of the Congress of
the Confederation. 1775-SS. and of the Pres
idents of the United States. Vice Presi
dents and Cabinet officers from the adop
tion of the constitution to the year 1900.
This additional volume includes an ex-
Not only is the present book of worth
as a supplement to the six volumes pre
viously published but it is complete in it
self and mulcts a valuable addition to
any library. .
zens who have achieved distinction since
the six volumes .were issued during the
years 1SS7-SS-SD.
HER BOSTON EXPERIENCES— B7
Margaret AHston. L. C. Page & Co. '
Boston. Jl 25. ~*
EDWARD BARRY. SOUTH SEA.
PEARLER— By Ixmis Becke. L. C. Page
& Co., Boston. $1 50.
ADA VERNHAM. ACTRESS— By Rich
ard Marsh. L..C. Page & Co.. Boston.
$1 50.
THE MUTINY ON BOARD H. M. S.
BOUNTY— By Lieutenant "William Blish.
M. P. Mansfield. New York. 51.
BREAKING THE SHACKLES-By
Frank Barrett. L. C. Page & Co., Boston.
$1 50.
GOD— THE KING— MY BROTHER-By
Mary P. Nixon. L. C. Page & Co., Boa
ton. 5125.
A GEORGIAN' ACTR"ESS— By Paul!n©
Bradford Mackle. L. C. Page & Co., Bos
ton. 51 50.
THE PROGRESS OF PAULINE KESS
LER-By Frederic Carrel. L. C. Page &
Co.. Boston. $1 50.
• FARMER BROWN AND THE BIRDS—
By Frances Marparet Fox. L. C. Page &
Co.. Boston. 50 cents.
A LITTLE PURITAN'S FIRST
CHRISTMAS— By Edith Robinson. L. C.
Page & Co.. Boston. 50 cents.
THE GOLDEN FLEECE-Ifcr Amelee
Achard. L. C Pase & Co.. Boston. $1 Sk,
MAKING THE MOST OF SOCIAL OP
PORTUNITIES-Ey Lucia Ames ilcjvd.
L. C. Page S: Co., Boston. 35 cents. • V
SLAVES OF CHANCE— By FerJ-ff^
Lansworthy. L. C. Page & Co.. Boston.
51 50.
ON THE TRAINING OF LOVERS-Py
Austin Blerbower. L. C. Page & Co.,
Boston. 35 cents.
NOW— By Alexander McK«nzIe. D.D.
JL. C. Pa^Q <fc Co., QQSt9Q. 35 cenU.
Ulingham Company. New York. $1 21
Poyle. G. W. Dillingham Company, New
York. 113.
THE HERMIT OF THE CATSKILLS—
By Dcwitt Clinton Overbaugh. G. W.
Books Received.
|
THE TRUSTS—By Hon. William Miller
Collier. The Baker «fc Taylor Company,
New York. Cloth $1 23. paper 50 cents.
A SUGAR PRINCESS—By Abert Ross.
G. W. Dillingham, New York. Cloth $1.
paper 50 cents.
THE JEFFERSONIAN CYCLOPEDIA.
—Edited by John P. Foley. Funk & Wag
nails Company. New York. Cloth $7 50.
sheep $10, half-morocco $12 50, full morocco
515.
THE FLOWER OF THE FLOCK-By
W. E. Norrls. D. Appleton & Co.. New
York. «.
. BABY GOOSE; HIS ADVENTURES—
By Fannie E. Ostrander. Laird & Leo,
Chicago. $1 23.
FULL OFFICIAL HISTORY OF TUB
WAR WITH SPAIN—By Murat Halstead.
Colonial Publishing Company. Chicago.
Sold by subscription only.
COMRADES TRUE—By Annie Thomas.
F. M. Buckles & Co.. New York, fl 25.
COUNTESS HELENA-By Gertrude
Hague. G. W. Dillinghan>Company. New
York. $150.
*A MASTER OF LIFE-By Zola M.
McClure. Phillips & Co. have acquired
the publication rights of a remarkable
bcok which claims Abraham Lincoln a3
Us author. It i» a small scrapbook com
piled by Lincoln for use in the political
campaign of 1V.S. ard it contain?, so Lin
coln v.rites in It. "the substance of a!l I
have ever *aid about negro equality."
with explanatory notes and a long letter
in Lincoln's handwriting. The book was
made up because in the Senatorial con
test then being carried en the opponents
of Lincoln were continually misstates
his views on th« slavery question. Tha
contest was very bitter. Most of Lin
coln's friends and neighbors— indeed th»
majority of the citizens of Sangamon
County— were former Kentuckians, and
while they did not believe in slavery as
an institution, they did most strongly ob
ject to negro equality. One of Lincoln's
supporters. Captain Brown, was also a
candidate for political honors, and It was
to him that Lincoln gave this little booit^
Captain Brown used the book in 1SSS art),™
1S60 and on his death it passed to hia sons,
with whom its present publication has
been arranged.
Seuma-i MacManxxi has just finished a
series of Donegal fairy tales which will
be published shortly by McClure. Phillips
& Co. Mr. MacMunus does most of his
literary work In his home in Mount
Charles, right in the midst of the scenes
which he describes In his stories and
where he can easily gather his material.
J.Iost of the fairy tales in th» forthcom
ing volume were relared to MacManu* by '
an old tailor. John Burr?, »hr> lived in a
small cottage under the shar:.>w of tho
mount which gives the pla^» its rame.
Burns claimed personal Acquaintance
with the fairle3. and said that he often
saw them cianrir.sr among the bushea on
the hillside. Marllanus. then a little bay,
listened to these wonder talcs with cred
ulous admiration, and wandered over the
hills looking for the fairie3 himself. If
he did not find what he sought h<> Cooed
something else— inspiration. Those who
have read the stories believe that he also
found tho fairies. The tales are illus
trated by forty drawings by Gustave Ver
beek. _____
Rev. Dr. T>. Z. Sheffield, president of
ihe North China College and Mission at
Tungchau. near Peking, was In America
when "the Boxer riots tegan. but Immedi
ately prepared to return to his post. Be
fore sailing from San Francisco, late in,
June, he learned of the burning of his
college. Dr. Sheffield left behind him the
manuscript of an article which will ap
ycaf in thr- September Century under tha
title of "The Influence of the Western
World on China." As a result of The
author's thirty years' experience as a
missionary, he is said to argue stror.gly
agalr.st the dismemberment of the Middle
Kingdom. Equally timely will be a paper
by R. Van Bergen in the Fame number on
"The Revolution in . China and Its
Causes." The fiction of the September
magazine will Include a characteristic
story cf about 20.000 wotds by John Lu'.her
Long— "The Prince of Illusiun."
The editor of the Century is receiving
inquiries about the author of "The Hel
met of Navarre." the historical romance
which bcsan to appear serially in the
August number of that magazine. Miss
Bertha Runkle is the only child ot Mrs.
L. G. Runkle. a well known New York
journalist and one of the editors of iho
"Library of the World's Best Literature.
The present work is a maiden effort at
fiction writing. She was born to New
Jersey a few ?tml twenty years ago, never
went to kindergarten as a child imr to
college vs a your.s? woman, has traveled
little, and ha3 never been in Frant e—
which possibly accounts for her lajir.g
there the scene at her romance.
"The Master Chivalry." by Margaret
Lee, Is the novelette in tho August Smart
Set. Hiss Lee has written many success
ful novels, notably "Divorce." the prai«e
of which by Mr. Gladstone some years
ago aroused discussion of the work
throughout the world. This latest story,
the author asserts. Is the stronf-#sc sh»
has ever written. It deals with a social
question of intense interest— of a man's
darinsr- and magnanimous reparation of
another's wrong In the cas« of a lovely
and high-bred girl. The theme strikes a
new note In fiction, and the situations ara
dramatic and stirring.
"Personal Impressions." which made a,
modest and unheralded debut some six
months ago. has since bad a quiet but
steady growth. An atmosphere of sin
cere frankness and just criticism has been
apparent and the articles, always signed,
have been mainly by writers of reputa
tion. This, together with the care lor
attractive detail in printing and decora
tion, and the series of bright supplements.
has brought success. With the Septem
ber issue it is to bear the briefer name.
"Impressions." (Published by Elder &
Shepard. San Kram-isco.)
of the strange race of Esquimaux known"
as the Arctic Highlanders. The articles
contain much \aluable observation, ar.d
are besides amusing and entertaining on
their adventurous side.
¦ . ¦- ¦ ¦ ¦•¦ * . . ¦;¦.-. " . ' . . .¦ . --¦;¦.-¦¦ ¦¦•¦-¦ ¦¦-,
THE SUNDAY CALL.
16
BOOK REVIEWSCbachLng 5n England.
Every year about 40CO people, mostly
Americans and Australians, traverse tho
whole of Great Britain in imitation old
fashioned coaches. This year quite 10,000
Americans alone have booked up In ad-
"I don't want to tempt you," he whis
pered. "I don't want to lure you away,
but ctill it seems a little hard. It rests
with you. Eyebright. Am I to go back
to baby and bondage — or ?"
II!s hollow eyes gleamed beseechingly
at her in tho gathering twilight. She
sprang up, walked up and down restlessly
and went to the window, where she could
see the first star shining down.
"Well?" he said.
There was silence in the sick room, but
a fierce battle was raging. Suddenly Eye
bright ran tack to the couch, caught his
hand and kissed it passionately.
"Go back to baby," she answered,
hoarsely; "go back to baby, and God bles3
her!"
Then she fled from the room.
At the foot of the stairs Hermann was
waiting for Prince Eyebright. who crept
down tottering, with white cheeks and red
I eyes, ij ¦
"Ach," he said, "mein dear, you cry; dot
is right; den you vas one goot. girl; but,
ach, it vas all one tam pity."
It Is one of life's strange Ironies that
while battlefields have the most terrible
of death rolls, they equally have their rec
ords of births; and the very guns which
have taken their toll of life have given the
first greeting to lives newly born.
This was markedly the case In tbo
Franco-Cerman war, when hundreds of
children were born in hamlets and vil
lages which practically formed part of
the battlefields, and when the first sound
that newborn children in Strasburg and
other besieged towns heard was the roar
of the cannon thundering outside the
walls.
It Is little more than two years since
the death at Birmingham of one of our
oldest and most trusted railway guard?,
who was actually born while the bullets
were flying on the field of Waterloo. Hia
father, who was in a Highland regiment,
had gone out with our army to fight Na
poleon, and, his loyal wife followed him
later, only reaching Waterloo in time to
give birth to her child when the battlo
was raging at itM fiercest.
Ten years earlier the wife of a French
solrtier, called Chatasquon. gave birth to
a - boy on the battlefield ..f Au3terlltz.
while Napoleon's legions were mowing;
down Russians and Austrlans by thou
sands: and by a sad coincidence the boy'.-*
father was killed by a cannon ball almost
at the very moment of his child's birth.
On the battlefield of Gettysburg, where
Lee's army suffered such irreparablo
losses, the wife of a Confederate officer,
who had bravely followed her husband
through the campaign, gave birth to a
daughter, who, unfortunately, died in in
fancy: and another "child of the battle
field"' In the States lived to marry an emi
nent lawyer and politican, ami may con
ceivably one day be mistress of the White
House.
It is not many weeks since Alra. Miles,
one of the oldest ir.habitant.-i of Melroso,
died at the age of SO. Mrs. Miles' earliest
memories were associated with the hor
rors and discomforts of war. Her father,
who was a gunner, fought through the
Peninsular war, and his wife accompanied
him with her baby daughter, who had
been barn at Woolwich. Mrs. Miles to
the last remembered the booming of the
guns at Quatre Bras, and recalled the
grewsome picture of a Highlander whose
legs had been shot off below the knees.
It is scarcely surprising to learn that a
grandson of this martial old lady la fight-
Ing our battles to-day in South Africa.
The wife of one of the most eloquent
and successful of the younger French a»l
vocates was introduced to war in its most
horriblo aspect at the immature age of
two years. At the close of the terriblo
battle of Sedan, when the field was
drenched with the best blood of France,
a tiny falr-halred, blue-eyed child was
found toddling from one group of fallen
men to another.
Siie seemed to realize nothing of the hor
ror, of her surroundings, and when ques
tioned was only able to say that her name
was "Estelle" (which she pronounced
"Etelle"), and that she wanted to go
home. She was placed in the care of the
wife of a French soldier, and although
every effort was made to discover her
parents they were never found.
Estelle grew up to be a girl of singu
lar beauty and sweetness of character,
and her foster parents, who had pros
pered in business, were able to give her
an excellent education. It was no sur
prise, therefore, when-, ten years ago, the
"Maid of Sedan" was led tn the altar by
the brilliant young lawyer to whom even
the exalted office of President Is, accord-
Ing to his friends, ambition.—
London Tlt-blt3. ¦
BORN AMONG
BULLETS.
whistle. Then he, too, rose and beckoned
Hermann out of the room.
"Why did you let her do it?" he asked,
sharply. , •
Hermann shrugged his shoulders. "Vat
I dt>? She come to me crying and say,
'Papa Hermann, you help me make de
moneys for dat poor, sick fellow we all
so sorry for; nopody will know.' And she
look so tarn pretty ven she cry. I say
'Tam de fellow,' and I go."
"Does he know?"
"No, she make me say de moneys all
be mein."
"Well, tell him the truth."
"And make her angry, vat for I do
dat"
"Well, if you don't I shall. He ought
to be told; something should be done. He's
supposed to be a married man."
"Tam him!" said Hermann.
That evening the old violinist came to
Prince Eyebrlght and told her Mr. Mal
colm was better and wanted to thank her
for the flowers and. fruit she had sent
him, would she go up? The girl went, a
bunch of roses in her hand and' a quiver
at her heart. She was not in love with
this gentle spoken Englishman- for whose
sake she had secretly danced in the pub
lie street; or if she was she did not know
it. But his ways recalled the ways of
her old home, and he had been different
from tho others and— she "was sorry for
him*,'' that was all. Being sorry made
her heart beat fast* as she turned the
handle of his door.
"Little girl." said- Malcolm very kindly
and gravely as he took her hand, "I be
lieve you have saved my life; you have
given me hack hope and faith and love.
I don't know how to thank you."
Then Eyebrlght knew ¦ . that Hermann
had played her false and she .broke down
and crled'and felt very happy.
But she was not so happy ten minutes
later, as she listened, with averted face,
to Malcolm's account of his spoilt life
and the wife and child he had left In Eng
land.
"You see, it all was my fault," he eaid;
"I was careless and she was flighty, and
I suspected her unjustly. She had not
really been false, but by th»jtime I knew
that, suspicion had destroyed what love
we had for each other, so we": thought it
best to go our separate ways?'
"Did you love her very much?" asked
Prince Eyebrlght, miserably.
"Well, no; I am afraid not: It was Just
a commonplace marriage that we had
drifted into. But you see, there Is the
child: a father does not like to feel that
took out the letter that urges my return.
It is from my mother. She pleads for
baby's sake; says little Kate needs a fath
er's care; that my wife needs a husband's
love to keep her straight; that the child
suffers from the mother's flightiness, and
offers to pay my expenses home. Yes,
this morning I had decided to go as Boon
as I am well. But this evening " (he
raised himself with difficulty and laid his
wasted hand on hers) "this evening I had
a dream of a happier life. Prince Eye
bright, which Is It to be?"
. Prince Eyebricht oaled and her hand
trembled
vance complete tours In • this way. and
yet very few. Indeed, of; our'own country
men even know that the coach is now so
linked with another throughout the whole
of the English provinces that the rail
way can be almost totally Ignored.
The revival of coaches some years ago
ended in a dead loss to those who under
took It, for the very good reason that
things were done on the most lavish and
uncommercial scale. Nowadays nearly
every coach running from a Ixmdon hotel
Is a source of handsome profit, for nearly
all the coaches are run as commercial
speculations as well aa for pleasure. When
a cood route is chosen they cannot be a
failure, for tne reason that before they
start a certain number of persons living
along the road guarantee to make or pay
for so many journeys In each season.
But this is about all that is known on
the subject by most Englishmen, through
thousands of Americans write, months In
advance, asking that a complete coach
route may be devised for them through
out England.
A coaching agent declares that at th©
«nd of each of four seasons past from
SOCO to 4000 persons have returned to
America, and to our colonies who have
seen the whole of England and a good
part of Scotland and Ireland from well
appointed coaches* that took them from
Inn to Inn, and he further avers that he
Is understating rather than exaggerating 1
when he says that quite 10.000 persona
have already had these rail-ignoring Jour
neys arranged for them this year.—Lon
don Mall. i-^'^i^-
his little girl Is growing out of babyhood
without knowing him. So I thought "
"You thought of goingr back?"
"Last night I only thought of eroing to
the Morgue. This morning a good fairy
brought me back to life and hope, and I
PRINCE EYEBRIGHT
A ROMANCE OF TO-DAY
triflinp with his food, when "Prince Eye
hripht" sauntered languidly into the
room. Prince Eyebrtght was rrally a
srirl who had earned her sobriquet from
the part she dashingly took in the last
Tivoli extravaganza* Tho burly man,
who owned a good tenor voice, belonged
to the Fame troupe, but both were hav
ing a few days' rflst between two bur
lesques, th? manaffcmcnt having put on
an Irish enmcciy in the week's interim.
Prince Eyebrlght was the youngest and
bonniest member of the company, and
fcr a wonder she w.-js the general pet,
for she hod not yet picked up any of tho
littlo tricks and jealousies of the stige.
also she was oornpnratively Innocent. The
burly man had left his comparative in
nocence rr.a::y yeirs behind; but
h<? had a little daughter in a secluded
ranch whom he ivould rather have seen
in her jrrave than on the boards, and for
her* sake he took a paternal interest in
I'Jycbright's innocence.
"Hello:" he cried. "Come and sit by me
and see if there is anything fit to eat.
I must say for a young person having
a rest you are looking singularly flabby."
The pirl sighed wearily. "Rehearsals
take tt out of you," she eaid, "and some
«f the supers are such fools they just
double our work. I shall be glad when
we arc in harness asaln."
"Humph," he answered, "I daresay you
miss the a^plaurc. Well, there's one poor
devil upstairs who won't go Into harness
with us. However, he's had a stroke of
luck. Did you hear?"
"He? Are you talking of Mr. Malcolm?"
"Of courpp, who else? He's the only
one on the sick list, isn't he? Well, per
haps you didn't know, but he's run up a
bill here since he had his notice to quit
and there was nothing for him but tho
City and County, where he vowed he
wouldn't go. Said he'd die in his own
bed If he cut hia throat to do it. But this
morning he tells me the tide has turned.
Bill paid and something In hand. Won't
tell me how the help came, but I'm aw
fully glad, anyhow."
Eyebripht'jj cup of cpffce trembled In
her hand. "Doesn't he*, know?"
"Oh, I gruessi he does; says It's a roman
tic ptory and won't tell. 1— what's th»
matter/can't you cat?"
"No. thanks. It's too hot," said Eye
briRht, flushing- "and paling as she rose
aad went to the window and looked up
and down quiet Montgomery street. Old
Hermann, came in at the moment and
Btood watching her. The burly man
watched them both, his planee wandered
from one to the other, wandered up and
down her slight, trim figure, finally rest
ing on her daintily shod feet; then ho
started. "By Jove." he said, with a low
«=j=3HE electric l'jrht cast TaFhcs ar.d
i-.v.i'i five iKCXCSa Hie pj.-iza. n. violin
ii j»in;.ol crimp Siranieh airs, .and on
tn« : •: "¦ rrv ¦-: . in .-ir-l out* of the
lijrht <it\'' . t crinkled a pafr of stnall red
Fhocs. Tr.-j .-hoes .rvvre eut mounted by a
lissome form, clad in red. aud a head and
i- ¦ ¦ ally concealed by !a<:e ir&r;t:Ha
and n :: \~. oirfy rr-vf-alirisr BCXE4 str^y
li : s ,f auburn hair. Twing, twan:?,
. ~ \..::t the violin blithely; twitikle.
twicide, twinkle v.ert the !:tt!e red shoes,
ocfl tbs crowd eradvally thickened; for
Prr-.rteh Cancers and good violinists are
not common at ICearny Street corners,
and even ttc h;s pnl'ceman, who had
! op Iq ece v hat v..is the raatter^
csd net the hrait to stop the fun. lie
i ' ¦ ¦'. his conscicnte by reflecting lh.;t
r.n traffic w;is being latferfcrejj witi. and
.• -:ri. ¦.;•.¦:<! bis share pf :i:;p!ause when
tie rcinkUnjj - f et-t storr»e*J and' their
owner, evidently breathless, came round
holding out her tambourine.
"! furposc it's the abswit-BalndeiVbejf
par business,** observed one burly man as
l.is hand .<<.:•¦ to his pocket. "Ccme;
little one. lift your mask and I'll coublc
rr.y contribution.! Th;.s=e feet of yours
in. 1 -! be otit.1 d by a pretty fac<\"
I!ut the "little cneV shrank away,
drawing n<?r rnaniiila tighter, nnd moved,
istill boldlng out the tambourine, to the
other fidt of the crowd.
"P.y J~v<>!" lie exclaimed, "that's
qu'.-cr; they're net iften so shy; wonder
if bh(-'F an URiy? Th.re she goe? again.
V.'lat a step; to be sure!"
Z~or the violin bad started afresh and
th' 1 little fe.c-t were ctirvtr-i; and twisting
and f;>rinp1r.;r with Inimitable, grace. The
rr<'-v<l burst into a rear at applause, nnd
when the taiCbouHne eanse round for the
BCOOXKl tl~e pold Rlcamcd among the
pieces that fell in. Then the' darcer
moved <"-n with her violinist toward Mar
ket street.
"I s.i;.\ Hermann? Never;" exclaimed
the burly rr.an. catching eight of the Jat
trr's face and suddenly tar>P»"5 him on
the shoulder. -What's your pame. and
who is rhc"! You ought to be above this
.-.•r! of thir.ff."
The o!d f:.1d!er glart«-cd rdwnd angrily
and tr.ook off his av<:ua!ntance. "D«r
T<»Mr he exclaimed; "vat for you gif
:• ..way dot v«y? If I I'lay in <!e streets,
I May: Vot's ycur pusir.css*?"
"Well. no. that's true 'enough, but I'm
snr.y. old boy. that's all; and the girl,
who is the? a real dancing treasure, you
know."
••You let moln girl be; she is not your
jit2.<n'rf filao."
"Queer fellow/' muttered the burly
man oa the viclloift followed ih* dancer
and the crowd foil ov.-^. both. "The idea
,.{ a. m.ir. in his i,o?itton taking to street
worK. It's ahfiurd. Wonder If the eld boy
¦« bard up? Then there's the girt; who
r.n tarth docs 'her dancing remind m«
off* TMcn he went back to the Euss
House and thought no more of it.
But late that night In the corridor of
tli«» hotel lie m3Kht have teen a heavily
clcnJted little ligure. with a pair of red
tbocs, whifpwlng (Rrr.ei-Uy to Horr !l?r
mann while there was the chink of coin
passing from hand to hand. "'Pay the
bill." paid a low, musical voice, "and £ive
him the rest, but don't fay anything
j:!^iut me, what' vcr you Co: I would not
have him know r .<r tb-e world."'
"Mtin dear," ea:n«> in German grittur
:.:s. "vll! Is de njattor vid you and dot
f poor devil — haf ho make love .to you?"
••No. Ilerr; no, never! It is just be
cause he is so different to the rest that
J. that I— well, that I feel so sorry."
The- old German shook his head doubt
fully.
Next day at lunch the burly man was
.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
17Dr. -A. lilrskow.haa made further re
searches in the same direction. Accord
ing to him, the difference in the size of
the nails of the right hand and left hand:
Varies from one-fourth to two millimetres.
In those rare Instances :* in which' both
hands arc used "equally no difference In
size .is noticeable. The thumbnail is al
ways' the broadest in 'the tase of 'adults
and ; the. rr.iddlo • ringer.- has always ; the
longest nail, -next to it In order being the,
ring linger, the iiulex linger and the{lit->
tie . iinstir. The nuil3 of. the right hand
¦arc usual!;- c;uite Hat in the ease, of- right
•handed person:?, -the index- linger, an<?
illiunib being most marked in this respect..
On left!, liundr.d' persons such" flat ~ nails
are- rarely, if ever, seen". Dr. . MInskow
.finally says that there eeems.to.be a;cu
rious ''connection' between tHeVcircumfef
om.ooi'tlie Uicnt'aiid: the breadth of the
fingernails. .. his. numerous . experimenti
haying-shown him that the broader. the
client is the larger the nails are.'
The detection of criminals will, it is be
lieved, be much facilitated through the
recent discovery of certain curious facts
In regard to fingernails. When a crime 13
committed it is Important to learn
whether the perpetrator Is right handed
or left handed, and an examination of -the
fingernails will ( throw- ubundant light on
this point? Dr. Regnault, In a paper read
before the Anthropological Society of,
Paris, show3 that there is a wide differ
ence bctv.cen the nails of the right and
those of the loft hand, and that the nails
of the right hand of a right handed per
son are broader than thoso of the left
hand, while the opposite is the case with
loft handed persons. *
Some New Facts
About Finger Nails.
Ecuador Is the real home of the hats
¦wrongly designated under the name of
"Panama." This Industry afterward ex
tended to Peru and other countri"?, even
to Yucatan in Mexico. Kvervwhere in
Latin America the hat Is known under
the name of "jipijapa." in honor of the
city where its manufacture was first
Ftarted. It is only outside of the produc
ing countries that this hat receives the
r.ame of a city which does not make it.
The finest hats are made in Jipijapa and
MontecriFtl, in the province of Manabi.
this Industry being one of the greatest re
eources of the country. The toquilla, or
leaf of a small plant. Is used for this
purpose. It grows abundantly in the
country, the leaves coming up In the
shape of a fan. The plant Is the Carludo
vica palmata.
There are Jipijapas of all qualities, from
those costing a few centavos. or American
cents, to those worth several hundred
cucres, or American dollars. The merit of.
these last, real marvels of fineness, con
sists as much in the scarcity of the straw
as in the difficulty of the weaving, and
therefor? it is exceptional to find these
nats on the general market. The hats of
current sale cost a few sucres, the finest
not exceeding from TO to 60 sucres in price.
In buying a panama it is necessary to
learn two things — if the straw 13 whole
*>nd if it is not stiffened. It «.s not easy to
recognize the first condition. The weavers
/plit the straw with such »:rfectlon thai
unless a person Is accustomed to such ex
aminations it is almost impossible for him
to distinguish the difference. Of equal
fineness, the hat made from whole straw
is worth three or four times the on6
manufactured from the straw that haa
been split. The second condition !s recog
nized rasily, for the hats are stiffened to
make the etraw firmer and whiter. Good
toquilla is white and stiff enough not to
need any gum, and 'only ordinary Pana
ma are stiffened,
Panama Hats Are Not Made in Panama.
THE cUnlng-room Is the room of r'.I
others which may not be overlooked
cr slighted. It Is across this
threshold that we walk three tlm^s
a day. It Is In the dining-room that we
throw off all formality, and become sim
ply ourselves to our friends. Here the
inner man Is taken care of.
The dlnlng-rocm— that is. the dining
rcom as we of this age know it— is cer
tainly of very recent style. In the earlier
days our ancestors ate in the hall; then
later a banquet hall was built for cere
monial purposes. Two very admirable
descriptions of the old-time dining hall
are those found In Dumas* "Twenty
Tears After" and Scott's "Ivanhoe."
No Eimx'e word
TTtt«?re<l *t our mirthful board
Ehftll make us ead next morning, or
affright
The liberty that we'll enjoy to-rJg-ht.
The very word "dlnlng-roo-m" breathes
hospitality.
The old English house plans were often
built with two or three rooms designated
E-s dining-rooms and which could be used
at different seasons of the year. They
In no manner resembled our modern din
ing-rooms, as they were not in direct con
nection with the kitchen and were prob
ably used for living rooms when not In
use for dining purposes. Recently the
dining-room has been specialized as an
apartment for dining purposes only.
In the middle ages people dined at long
tables composed of boards resting on
trestles, while the seats were narrow
benches or stools so constructed that they
could be carried away after the meal was
over.
In a dining-room — a dining-room that
Is a dining-room and not a back drawing
room, as is the case in so many houses
where space is cramped— the most essen
tial points are light and air. Have It
light and sunny", ami if possible always to
the east, so that the morning sun can
pour in.
The fad or craze — or, to be more digni
fied, the fashion— of old furniture is our
latest impulse in house decorations. The
most popular styles are the Flemish, Colo
nial and antique French oak; odd furnl*
r^ere f\r&
Some Tlisit
Give
Excel lent
Tdea Of
For $@@iuty
Amid Qoimlort,
ture from the beginning of the eighteenth
century.
The dining-room should be the most se
vere and set In Its furnishings of any
room in the house. It should look digni
fied and substantial. Never overcrowd it.
A. table, square or round, as preferred;
chairs, a sideboard in antique style;- a
buffet and two china closets are sufficient
One of the closets is for crockery; th«
other, for cut or Bohemian glassware.
VJllh the Flemish" or English furnish
ings, the room must be larce. with high
ceilings and plenty of wall "expanse.
Heavy furniture marks these styles.
' The Flemish, which is exceedingly popu-
Wlt Just now, comes either dark or light,
Just as personal tasto suggests.
HAVE YOU AN ARTISTIC DINING ROOM?
In the Colonial style one finds paneled
walls, with hardwood floors, rugs, mahog
any table, chairs and woodwork.
To those who object to the darker
shades the French oak Is used. It Is
much lighter and browner. The wood
work and furniture should harmonize.
Tapestry walls, either real or In paper,
are used; rugs, with hardwood or Inlaid
floors. If preferred carpet can be used,
and In our damp winter climate Is per
haps to be preferred. «
A very pretty idea, but one which can
be carried out better In a., country home
than in a town house, is to have a door
way leading from the dining-room Into
the garden or to a veranda. This 13 a
French or Spanish conception, and gives
to a dining-room a more homelike air.
A fireplace Is always essential in a din
ing-room. To come down to breakfast on
a cold, bleak morning there Is nothing
like a roaring, crackling wood fire to
make things cheerful. If the room hap
pens to be without a fireplace It give3
the brcakfaster a fit of blues that would
probably last throughout the day.
In San Francisco are many ideal din
ing-rooms. Among them Is that In the
Hobart residence, at the corner of Wash
ington street and Van Xesa avenue. This
is finished in antique mahogany, with
high wainscoting, magnificent sideboard]
and charming and cozy fireplace. On
each side of the fireplaco are benches.
Another dining-room, extremely original
in design. Is p:i!nteil in whito with a
about five feet high. Above
this is a shelf to the ceiling. The wall
pbove and sif'fs ar* papered in delft pat
tern, blue and white. The decorations of;
eld china are in the same shades. Tb.3
furniture Is of mahogany. T'nis is a
much smaller room than that in the Ho
bart house.
The decorations of dining-rooms should
be nf the simplest. A few pictures on the
walls are not out nf place Still-life stud
ies are usually preferred, f'n the shelves
are found old brass canuk sticks, plates,
platters and delft jars. Since it became a
fad to collect steins these are also fouml
ranged in rows along the shelves. A few
palms by the windows add to a dining
room's air of general comfort.
Accidental Discoveries of Importance.
The rolling of cold iron was first sug
gested. It is said, by a workman who wns
placing a piece of hot iron in the rolls and
carelessly allowed his tones to be drawn
in also. Noticing that the tongs rolled
without breaking, he called the attention
>f the' superintendent to the Incident. The
matter was investigated. experiments
were made, and it was found that cold
rolled iron is equal to steel for shafting
purposes.
A Nuremberg glass-cutter accidentally
filscovered the art of etching upon glass.
A. few drops of aquafortis fell upon hi3
spectacles and he noticed that the acid
caused the glass to corrode and soften. He
Rt once took the hint, drew figures upon
the glass with varnish applied the aqua
fortis, and then cut away the glass from
around the drawing. Removing the var
nish, he found the figures that he had
drawn raised upon a dark background.
Flnlguerra, the master of early engrav-
ing. delighted in dting deeds of kindness.
One day a washerwoman. In washing a
piece of clothing 1 in which a needle had
been carelessly left, had the misfortune
to run it Into her hand. The needle broke,
and more than half of it was left Im
bedded in the n>sh. It gave her much
pain, and as soon as she could she went
to FiniRiierra's studio, put down the
bundle oi damp clothes that she was
carrying to the owner, and asked the
artist to help her. After much patient,
careful manipulation with his fine tools, j
h» succeeded In extracting the. broken'
needle.
The woman thanked him and as she
lifted h"r damp bundle to leave the studio
Kinitruerra noticed that It had rested
upon one of his fnsravin^s and had re
ceived an excellent impression from it.
The engraving, like all others of that
time, was a metal plate complete In Itself,
pnd was regarded a« a sir.gle 'picture.
The Impression made upon the damp cloth
suggested to the alert mind of Finijruerra
the possibility of producir.sr an indefinite
number of pictures from a single original.
THE SUNDAY CAM,
18Why Women Are
Not Money
Makers.
In the first place, woman is entirely too
impulsive for business. Slit ?ails gayly
into the world ot commerce, believing in
everything, and in nerseif most of all.
A certain stock may be increased temjor
arl'y in value, owing to tho enterprise of
Its owners, who are themselves advanc
ing the market. The woman speculator.
w«th her usual impetuosity, thinks; "I
thre» su?perdcr cutters and run over two
small pt:ppy dogs in arms to catch the
car, in order to meet an important busi
nc53 engagement, can .«peak h >n?r and feel
ingly as to the annoyance of a broken
cable, and he usually docs— to the grip
man. Then there is the anxious mother
of a half dozen small infant.--, who ia sure
they have burr.crt down the house In her
absence; the nerve U3 yov.ns man, who i3
going to be late at the hou>-e where a
very anxious somebody i-a waiting to be
takrn to the Chutes, ar.d the philosophical
German, who slides out of his ?eat ami
waddles off. remarklr.? complacently,
"Veil. I guess I haf to Talk.*"
The policeman has been pointed out by
some wag aa the proper penon to whom
cr.c's troubles may be confided, but the
gripman claims to be er.ually well quali
fied. A number of people have already
dlFcovered ihla fact, and the grlprr.an Ua
tena to his thare. NAN liYXEEE.
must have some of that. If It Is this high
1 can sell It for more." She does not stop
to look over the market: she has not
trained her Judgment, but. with both
hands outstretched, offering her little all.
ehe plunges headlong Into the grasp of
cunning sp«cuJators. The next day— or
the next hour perhaps— the stock falls In
value. She is just tne prey the sharpers
are looking for.
If you must speculate, mv dear woman,
know something ot what you are buying 4
before you commit yourself. If a man is
very anxious to sell you something, go
out yourself and see If you have any
difflculty of disposing of your prospective
purchase before you close the transac
tion. The seller may simply be trying to
turn off some worthless stock on your
hands. More money is made In the end
by an oversupply of caution than by In
discriminate recklessness. I am not ad
vising timidity. Quite the contrary. Ba
very sure that you are right first, then
go ahead, and don't be seared. You will
make mistakes, of course. Regard them
as lessons— as money well Invested In dan
ger signals.— Hetty Green, in Uarper's
Bazar.
car went on the .. passengers heard h!a
yells, and the distressed query. "Wba"
fo'— wha' to'; heap, klllee." TheChtna
man had not observed the cautioning red
and yellow poster on the end of the car
pointing out the right and the wrong
way;
Every one knows the annoyance of a
cable out of order, but It Is the grip
man who goes through the experience
oftcnest, and it Is he who has to listen to
the plaints of the rest.
"How they do kick," says one of the
public martyrs; "they seem to think we
run the whole shootin' match, and that
it is out of pure meanness that wo can't
go on. 'Course it i3 pretty rough when
people are In a rush, but klckln* don't do
any good, and they might as well keep
quiet." s >
The man who has broken off two or
nothing to say. either one of 'em, for a
wonder, and the passengers all stood in.
with me.- They don't always, do that.".
Out toward the "suburbs the gripmen
have another sort. : of trouble. It is the
small, marble-playing clement.-- 7 «!
"Those 1 cussed kids," says the motor
man, "they will squat right down in the
middle of the track and start game of
mumblepeg.or something, and they Won't
move until the car Is right upon them.
Then they walk off very much " pleased
with their importance at ¦. being able to
stop the car. People leave their little
babies out in "tho streets to play, and a
middle. of the track and start a game of
the track ¦ rubbering for all he is worth
at the car, but never moving till some
older kid grabs him out of the 'way or
the car has to stop."
Considering. the opportunity for trouble
and people's persistence in getting In the
way of the car, the griprnan's opinion Is
that there is a very small percentage of.
accidents. Although there are many an-
* "I eaw a friend of mine," explained the
woman, sliding back into her place, as she
observed the amused smiles of the other
passengers.
The gripman must have got out of bed
the wrong way that morning. Little
things annoyed him. A big truck wagon
was dragging .lions In /ront and paid no
attention to the ringing oOthe bell. Busi
ness men with their newspapers and "la
dies with shopping bags stared angrily,
first at the wagon and then at the grip
man. Finally the wagon began to turn
aside, and after dragging' one ponderous
hind wheel along the track for a half
block got out of the way. As the car went
by the grlpman's face was very, red, and
he yelled some inaudible words at the
driver, who was Irish, ."Arrah, g'wan. wld
car t!i* Infernal thing !s sure to Btart op
e.t on<-e and graae your heel as you get
out of the way. Just to make you feel
••?diculou* and undlsrnlfied, and the grip
man ye"s at you and scowls back at you
as long- as he can see you."
I» ail depends on the viewpoint.
*'An<l U»en/' eays the gTipinan. "there
are other thing's. I will be running along
at a good rpeed v.ith a clear track ahead,
when some smart bf cycle sprinter will
shoot out from behind and try to set
acrcrs In ircnt. and If I am not pretty
pror.npt with rny brakes there la trouble.
When a pripman docs get into an accident
It's pretty, rough. The prejudice of the
public Is such that they never stop to
reason, end their sympathies are always
the grfprr.an. The moment any
thing goes wrong there Is a hue and cry
about the carelessness of the gripman.
I'eop'.o persist in, getting In the way. and
when they get hurt they want to lynch
the gripman. Absent-minded old gentle
men stand la the middle of the track and
y*y, y'u — , y'u," came back
Uie answer.
A dapper little man pulled out his watch
nervously. "Say, aren't we going to make
that half-past boat?" he asked for the
'hlrd time.
"Will make it If I can," replied the grip
man, as he slowed up for a butcher cart
and a milk Wagon to get cut of the way.
Within two blocks of the ferry a- lumber
wagon dropped off a hind wheel and fell
ddwn on the track. Tho hands of .the fer
ry clock pointed to twenty-eight and a
half minutes past the hour.. The nervous
little man made a wild dash and sprinted
for his boat. The rest of the passengers
got off, inquiring if they had to walk the
rest of the way, and some of them asked
for transfers to the horse car line. They
didn't get them, and went away dissatis
fied. .. . ' ,
A car .was just' getting a lively start at
the crossing of ?.Iarket and Third streets.
A schoolgirl came running across from the
sidewalk, leaned quickly toward tho front
of the car. caught hold of a bar nn\.
Bwunjj neatly Into a seat." Every one
looked Interested and smiled admiration.
The gripman had made a wild grab for his
brakes, but he was too late, and had to
content himself with shaking his head and
telling her never to do It again. He rea'ly
could not have been much worried after
seeing how easily it was done, but he had
to give his warning. "There'll come a
time." fiaid he, "when you'll make a mis
etep." Shn was rather proud of her ac
complishrrtent. evidently. A few blocks
further on she leaped quickly to' her feet
and swung off. smiling unconcernedly as
she tucked up her skirts and wa'iked
nway. .
"Them's the kind that gives us the trou
ble," remarked the gripman. "They think
they're so smart, and they try it all thg
time. Then they get careless, and get
hurt."
"It is surprising how many people in
San Francisco are ignorant of the im
portance of a stop mark. They attempt
in the middle of a b'o-^k. half-way between
the stop marks, and wave their hand?
wildly, growiu? angrier and angrier as
each car poos by, wondering what in th<
name of science is the. matter with the
gripman, thinking how the stupid, ma
licious fellow ought to be reported, etc.,
until they finally gather the significance
of the gripman's motion backward. Then
they manage to catch a car and refuse to
understand their mistake, feeling very
much abused and angry toward the rail
way company.
Bicyclists are the trial of the gripman.
"I nearly killed one the other night." said
a Haisht-street motorman. "He was rid
ing along In front and didn't pay any
attention to the bell. I kept ringln' for
him to get out of the way, but he kept
gliding along in front, just slow enough to
worry me and keep me from turning on
full speed. I yelled at him and he turned
around and made a face At me. • I yelled
again and he only moved" the slower to
tantalize me and turned around 'to make
another face. Just then another 'feller
on a wheel ¦ came flying along from 'the
other direction and ran into him. There
was an awful, mlxup. I threw off the
brakes and managed to '.get the car
stopped ... and drop, the fender just,a3 it
came up to them. The first fellow was
all knocked .to pieces, but was able to
s"wear. The other one was mad. too.^but
they picked themselves up and limped "off
towa'rd V drug store, and the first one
had his wheel'all smashed up. They had
look up at the top? cf the skyscrapers or
stare into vacancy until a car is upon
thorn: nervous, quick-moving people dart
in ahead of the car aa it is starting
and bad boys dance along the edge of the
trade to annoy us. Then we have to keep
a icokcut for bunglers who try to catch
a car in mation. Half the time thev jump
on the wrong way and get thrown down,
and if the car isn't stopped immediately
there is a miphtv row from the nassen
gcrs. Drunken perp'c get on the car ami
reel abrut. and the pester that !s pasted
up in the cars, with Bridget gett.'ng off
the car in the wror.gr v,aj - , Is not an «=x
agseralion. We have the hardest t!me
trying to keep peonle in their seats until
the car stops. For some reason or oth«?r
•every one is always in a hurry and can't
wait." . •
'•Here, there. Mr. Gripman. will you
Ftcp the car. please?" It was a woman
that asked, and she accompanied her
question with an excited prod of her um
brella handle in the gripman's ribs.
"No. I won't," answered the gripman,
croFsly, as he turned on full speed. It
wds in the middle of a block.
TTIE gr:pn:sr. has troubles of h'.s own.
lie says it :.* because of the stu
pidity of tho public Tho j.ublu-.
too, has troubles of its own. and
aver? that no Fma!i portion of them I?
0 the ftuiiidlty of the gripman. It
is a case cf the mote and th<=> beam, an-i
ca^h thinks the beam is in the other's
eye.
yon »ver," a«!<s a prlpman. "see
r> n people dodging about and
runnir.? like trad toward the front of a
car a; a creasing? Well, the natural in
fercr:c« would be that they are trying to
ca:rh the car. but they arc not. They
::• trying their br?t to get across in
t of it. To Fav e a sixteenth of a
'. th«y v.iil almost break the'.r_ necks
I : - In front of the.car, risking the'.r
: ¦ ¦ - and losing a lot of dignity. After
they dr- ~rt across they will stroll along
Jciscrcly sr.d take things easy. The liea
to ba to set acrcss ahead of the
-<v.r. .-. n<f eilieri that i» rtor.e tftey can take
time "r.nugh to ]-; a dozen car? pa?s."
: . ' you ever," sf':s the public, "when
; nrere la a big hurry, have a stupid
gr':] tan ' : r:vt !-.:.< car right up in front
a. and let it dr^g along so that you
kiiow v.h'th-r it la going to stop
•~:t r -. :.:-.,l v.tj <.o not know -whether to
try ¦ _ acn M in front or to watt until
The car wid neither go by you
that yen oar: pas* behind nor stop Bt>
t:.;i' yoti oin go in front, but rau?t keep
u btibrirg and ducking about fim one
vav and then the other. When you
finally risk a sprint scrcss in front of tha
THE' STJSTDAY CALL.
19
noylos aini aggravating thir.Ra to provoke
him, a motorman i3 seldom guilty of will
ful injury, the consequences being too se
rious. "As to carelessness," Fays' one cf
them. "I suppose every ore is bound to
get a little careless, but It la safe to 5ay
that every inotcrmar. dors pretty nearly
h!s best to *avert accident", for he kuuirs
the consequences. The public sympathies
are against him and he Is held to a strict
account."
The other day a Chinaman pot on a
Mission-street car. A man beside him
rot up, and swinging on the step* told
the gripman he needn't stop, then dropped
lightly oft and walked away. The Celes
tial observed with"' silent admiration. A
few blocks further on the yellow man
picked up his bundle with on? hand,
caught hold of the bar with the other and
then leaned out far ahead. "No stoppe."
tald he to the gripman; "me dlop off."
He dropped, but it was very ungraceful
and must have be*-n also very pal.iful.
KIs bundle went whirling into the atmos
phere, his feet flew out from under him
and the sum tcto cf h.3 anatomy skated
lumpily over the cobblestones. As the
THE PUBLIC
AS SEEN BY THE
MOTORMANTHE SUNDAY CALL.
GREAT SINGERS COMING FOR SAN FRANCISCO GRAND OPERA SEASON
20
HE season of grand opera,
j[ ,' which opens under the'di
rection of Maurice Grau at
Morosco's Grand Opera House No
vember 12, zvill be the most remark
able one in the history of Calif or
\ia. Never iff ore have such a
number of eminent vocalists been
gotten together, and during their
entire season there zvill not.be a
single "off night." The company
comes direct here from London,
where it has just ¦ concluded a
brilliant season at Covcnt Gar
¦
den Theater. The London press
declare it to be the finest musical
aggregation that Europe has ever
heard.
The organization contains tzvo
distinct companies. One for the
production of Italian opera, the
other for the performance of Ger
man. There are no less thaii] five
prima- donna sopranos, ? whose
names arc as follozcs: Melba, Nor
dica, Gadski, Suzanne Adams and
Fritsi Sciicff. Then there is Schii-,
mann Hcink, the greatest living
contralto, and Louise Homer, Carrie
Bridewell and Alitzka, contraltos of
great 'eminence. The tenors - are
OUR- GSTY
- ¦ _¦ - "^ ¦
ARTISTS
Alberta \ Saleza, famous in French
and ! Italian ... roles, Van • Dyck, a
great ¦ JVagncrian tenor, dndjlin-'^
bert 'dc la'.Tour, Dippcl de Luccia,
Bonnard and Bars.
The list of barytones include*
Scotti, the greatest of all, Italian'
barytones, -Campanari, Bertram
(IVagncrian barytone), Muhhnan,
EiniCorsi,Du Friche and Gillibert.
The array of bassos wilL compel
universal: admiration. The chief,
one is the great Edouard dc Rcszke k
on',) whom eulogy is superfluous.
Then there is Pol Plancon, a star in
himself, Journcts, Robert Blass and
Pringlc: The company consists of
2 7 '5 people and includes an orches
tra of 55. The conductors for Ital
ian' operas are Signors Manchi
nclli and Flon and for German
opera, Walter Damrosch. The
company will give twenty perform
ances. .PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. S7.
Pages 21 to 30
BARON-JIUKN' VON SCHWAR
ZENSTEIN. THE NEW GER
MAN EMBASSADOR TO PE
KING.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 23.— The State De
partment Is taking steps to have al! of the
American Consuls in China return to their
several posts as soon as immediate dan
ger from anti-forclgn outbreaks is passed.
The attention of the department has been
called to those statements emanating
from various Consuls .to the effect that
they left their posts at the direction of
the department. The officials say that is
not correct; that the Consuls were merely
permitted by the department to leave
their posts on their own responsibility if
they, considered their lives were* In dan
ger. Now that the danger, is passing the
department is getting ready to have them
go back to their posts and take up their
routine work. . ¦ » ¦
CONSULS MAY SOON
RETURN TO POSTS
TROOPS WILL BE
RETAINED IN AKRON
Although All Is Quiet on the Surface
at Present.. Governor Nash Fears
There May Be Trouble.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 23— Governor Nash
fears there may be more rioting at Akron.
For that reason troops will be held there
until Monday at least. This decision was
reached to-day at a conference between
the Governor and Assistant Adjutant
General Adams.
"The ill-feeling among the Akron citi
zens who participated in the riots seems
to be directed especially against the city
officials," said the Governor. "I am afraid
that when the lawless element fully real
izes that the negro was taken Into the
city and then taken away again without
their knowing about the -matter, trouble
WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.— Chinese of
ficials expressed a belief to-day that Li
Hung Chang, the Chinese peace envoy,
had started for Peking or Tientsin. While
there is said to be no official advices to
this effect, yet It is so In accordance with
the expectation of China's course that the
officials accept It as a fact. If this proves
to be correct It may bring about an early
opportunity for personal exchanges be
tween Earl LI and the commanders of the
allies and the Ministers of the respective
powers.
.The Chinese Government has been en
tirely silent since the capture of Peking
except In the two communications from
LI Hung Chang, and up to the present
time Minister Wu has received no word
responsive to the American communica
tion sent him by Mr. Adce last Wednes
day. Three days have passed, and there
has been ample time for LI Hung Chang
to formulate his next move. . In the cir
cumstances It is felt he accepts the Amer
ican and German answers, and such oth
ers as may have reached him, as negativ
ing: any present prospect of negotiations
along the lines he proposed. The opinion
Is expressed that this will prolong the un
certainties of the diplomatic situation,
during which Earl Li will seek to meet
the requirements laid down by the United
States and the other powers, while the
latter will endeavor to. reach some com
mon ground of understanding- in the fu
ture.
BELIEVE EARL LI HAS
DEPARTED FOR PEKING
warded to the Pektng contingent by boat.
A hundred civilians have left Peking. In
cluding the customs force, and are on
their way down the river.
The foreigners here desire that a new
expedition shall be rent against Paoting
fu to destroy the city and avenge the mas
sacres of foreigners which occurred there.
WILL RESIST ATTEMPTS
TO EXTORT TERRITORY
LONDON, Aug. 26.— A special dispatch
received here from Shanghai dated Au
gust 25 says:
"Viceroy Chang Chlh Tung declares that
he will resist an attempt to extort terri
tory or to interfere with the armies of the
various Viceroys. It Is stated here that
It was Prince Turn and not Prince Tuan
who was captured by the Japanese."
ALLIED FORCES MARCH
INTO IMPERIAL- PALACE
PARIS. Aug. 25.— General Frey. com
manding the French force at Peking, tel
egraphs this under date of August 20:
."The allies have driven the Boxers from
all the points they occupied. The allies
ore camped outside the imperial palace,
which was occupied by some soldiers oi
the regular Chinese army. The generals
decided to march the International forces
through the palace doors, which were
afterward closed."
INFORMATION REGARDING
* THE AMOY MISSIONARIES
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— A letter was re
«"-ived to-2ay a.t the Board of Foreign
Mi5s!cns of th« Reformed church In
America frcra A. A. Adee. Assistant Sec
rf-tsry of State, asking for Information
regarding the Reformed church mission
In Chtea. Th« headquarters of the mis
ficn Is at Amoy, and all the missionaries
from outlying: stations were called there
tome time ayo. Rev. Dr. Henry N. Cobb,
corrctpcndlng tecretary, sent Mr. Adee a
list of the missionaries now there and the
location and estimated value of the build
ings owned by the mission.
TRANSPORTS POURING
TROOPS INTO TAKU
Tfcere are supposed to be thirteen of the
ai?ult miEsJonarlqs now In Amoy. The
mission property Is valued at about
f 100 ,000.
TAKl'. Aiip. 24. — TrarFports are pouring:
troops into Taku. Three large German
vesptis have arrived and are unloading.
Or* -cglment that has disembarked Is on
tt**iT.iy to Peking and another Is bound
for Tientsin. Three Russian vessels are
elso in the harbor. The Fifteenth Infan
try, the Third Artillery and COO marines
tre camped at Tientsin, awaiting orders.
liatior.s ror forty da ys arc being- for-
LONDON, Aug. 25.— A special .dispatch
from Peking, dated August M. says: Forty
Americans, with an escort of Unitea
States troops, will start for Tientsin to
morrow.
Half Rate for Soldiers.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.— The Postal
Telegraph Cable Company has extended
the courtesy of Its c"able sen-ice In behaif
of the officers and men of the army serv
ing in China and their families and friends
at home at one-half iate cable tolls for
messages in plain lar.guage when these
messages are sent and received through
the adjutant general of the army.
The local officers of the Postal Tele
graph Cable Company will lend assistance
in computing cost of messages proposed
to be sent and the cost of the same should
be transmitted with the message and
letter of advice to General Corbin, adju
tant general, Washington, D. C.
WILL START TOR TIENTSIN.
T ONDON. Aug. 26. 2:19 a. m.— The only
I news of the night from China comes
{ t via Berlin, where official dispatches
have been received dated Taku, Aug
ust 25, reporting on authority that an un
dated Russian Peking telegram received
on Wednesday !ast says that large masses
of Boxers are still In the southern part oi
the capital and that a force of troops un
der Prince Ching Is in the imperial city.
According to a special dispatch from Ber
lin, Germany has not received any pro
posals or suggestions from the Uniteo.
States for an international conference.
The Foreign Office considers. the idea oi
such a conference as premature and de
sires the allied commanders to exercise
control in Peking and the occupied parts
of China until Count von Waldersee shah
have assumed command and have had
time to report on the situation.
The generally well informed Viedemosti
of St. Petersburg says it is the opinion in
diplomatic quarters there that the with
drawal of the allies from Peking, now
that the foreigners have been rescued,
would facilitate peace negotiations.
«
MANY BOXERS
YET IN PEKING
The Campania and the St. Paul further
aided the American exodus to-day, the
latter taking Mr. and Mrs. Flagler, Sena
tor Aldrich, Mrs. Melville E. Stone' and
Miss Stone.
The note issued by the Vatican authori
ties against the prayer of Queen Margha
retta, written by her Majesty after tlu
assassination of King Humbert, has ser
going a violent discussion in Italy. The
Rome correspondent says: "Its publica
tion has caused indignant outbursts, ,has
invoked sympathy for the Quirinal and
has strengthened the young King in his
inherited controversy with • the church.
The note was a personal "act of the Pope
and its avowal as such was meant to re
buke those representing the Pontiff as
an aged man and as a tool in the'hands
of Cardinal Rampolla. the Papal secre
tary of state, the truth being" that Ram
polla Is as clay In the masterful hands of
the Pontifical potter and bends like a
reed before the imperious will of Leo.
The Pope, in spite of his year3, is still
the soul of the Vatican, and rules his en
tourage with a rod of iron."
Note From the Vatican.
It would be supposed that the question
of the superiority. of the American method
of riding horses had been sufficiently de
monstrated by this time to convince
even the conservative English horsemen.
The sporting papers, however, are stil!
filled daily with letters on this subject.
The bitter reluctance with which the
friends of British jockeys admit the ad
vantage of the American system Is a
curious part of the controversy. This has
gone so far that a writer in the Sports
man to-day calls for a halt in the discus
sion and advocates the American system,
which, he says, "certainly suits our
horses, owners and trainers," adding, "let
us still be sportsmen, even if we are
beaten at our own game."
The introduction of the young King of
Spain to his subjects on the northwestern
seacoast was attended by a degree of
good feeling not before seen in Spain in
generations. Even in the provinces where
socialistic and dynastic discontent is al
ways verging on insurrection the people
showed patriotic pleasure and a desire
to forget the past disasters and accept the
new order of things. . N .
missioner when recpiired to designate
those worthy of decoration replied that
the laws of his country did not allow hirr.
or his official associates to accept decora
tions.
English' correspondents "at Paris in ex
plaining'why France, though bestowing
decorations on the : representatives of all
the other principal countries at the ex
position, omitted so "to honor those* oi
Great i Britain," say that the. '\ British Com-
According to present arrangements thb
Queen will hold a council at Osborne on
August 31, Henry Labouchere asserts, at
which the dissolution of Parliament will
be sanctioned with the customary formal
ities, and a, general election will be held
in October. »
Dissolution of Parliament.
The Spectator says it does not wish to
encourage the scare, but it voices a cau
tion that a strenuous watch should be
maintained over the national defenses.
The Speaker considers a French inva
sion a nightmare, but fears that the per
sistent fomenting of national hatred i&
ominous and may precipitate a conflict.
"That the French Government is pre
paring for war there can be no longer any
doubt." This first sentence in a long arti
cle in the Pall Hall Gazette of "Wednesday
on "The Imminence of War With France"
is the subject of serious speculation In
most of the periodicals.
"Continental statesmen look askance at
the new force, America, whose limits they
do not clearly discern, and which for ex
ample can send black troops to China, and
they mutter words about the possible
Anglo-Saxon understanding, and would, it
they could, gladly postpone all action so as
to have more time for reflection and com
bination; only, you see, Peking is in
fiames, the Chinese Semiramis is on her
way to Segan and a Russian general pub
licly reports that the Amur now flows
through Russian territory. Japan has
been helping Europe, but -English ob
servers are uncertain what her statesmen
Intend."
LONDON, Aug. 25.— The policy of the
United States toward China is watched
here with more interest than is that of
any other country, for Englishmen be
lieve, somehow or other, that in the trou
bles ahead America will be the only
power with interests parallel to theirs.
The Spectator, discussing the frailty of
the ties connecting the powers, says:
Copyright, 1900. by Associated Press.
Failure of France to Decorate Eng
land's Representatives at the
Exposition Fully Ex
plained.
Movements in the Far East
Regarded With Unusual
Interest.
BRITAIN KEEPS
CLOSE WATCH 0N
UHITEO STATES
Wish to Be Reinstated on Their
Former Reservation.
DALLAS. Tex.. Aug. 23.— A special to
the News frpm El Paso says: "The Yaqui
Indians in the State of Sonora. who have
been at war with the Mexican Govern
ment for over a year, are now suing for
iJeace and endeavoring to be reinstated
in their former reservation and retain
their property. Two prominent Yaquis ar
rived here from Hermoslllo last nieht and
gave out this information. They are en
route to Southern Mexico, where they go
to learn If possible, what has become of
the Taquis who have been captured and
sent to the interior.
YAQUIS SUING FOR PEACE.
According to Census Bureau Returns
Notable Increase* Have Been
Made.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 25.— The popula
tion of New Orleans, as announced by the
Census Bureau to-day, is 2S7.104. against
242.0C3 in 1SD0, an increase of 54,063 or 1S.6Z
per cent.
The population of Newark. N. J., la 215,
070, as against 1S1.SS0 tor 1S30, an increase
of 64,210 or 33.33 per cent.
The population of Allegheny City, Pa..
is 129,806. as against 105.2S7 in BOO; increase
24.609, or 23.27 per cent.
The population of Kansas City is 153.752,
an increase of 21.036, or 23.33 per cent. The
population of Kansas City. Kans., la 51.41S.
against 38,218 In 1SSO, an increase of 13.102,
or 34.19 per cent.
The population of the city of Pittsbursr.
Pa., U 321.616. against 238.617 in 1SD0. This
is an increase of SD.KO. or C4.7S per cent.
POPULATION OF SOME
OF THE GROWING CITIES
It is thought the investigation will be
confined to these cities, though it may
be found necessary later to add others.
The investigation will begin as soon as
possible, and .will be conducted in each
locality by the respective postmaster and
division superintendent of the railway
mail service. Their reports and recom
mendations will be considered later by a
general committee of postal experts, who
will visit each city in turn and also in
vestigate conditions. The latter commit
tee will utilize the services of experienced
engineers and other experts.
in Which the Service Will Be
. Thoroughly Tested.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 23.— The cities at
which the pneumatic tube service inves
tigation ordered by CongTess will be con
ducted have been selected at the Post
oftiee Department as follows: New York,
Brooklyn, Boston, Philadelphia, Wash
ington. New Orleans. San Francisco,
Denver, St. Louis, Chicago and Cincin
nati.
Postoffice Department Names Cities
INVESTIGATION OF
PNEUMATIC TUBES
AKRON, Aug. 25.— There was no indica
tion of any trouble in this city last night
and ¦with the exception of the presence of
the soldiers the city ha3 resumed its
wonted quiet.
may arise again. The State will protect
life and property in Akron as long as
necessary."
Nothing has been received here from Li Hung Chang since his request for the appoint
ment of a representative to negotiate with him for terms of peace. It is not even known where Li
Hung Chang is. At the Chinese Legation to-day it was said that he had probably gone to Pe
king. If he has really gone to Peking it is suggested here that he may have done so with the ob
iect of endeavoring to bring about the conditions laid down in Mr. Adee's note.
If the replies received to the instructions sent out yesterday show such a difference among
the powers as to make harmonious action difficult, the next step of the administration may be to
propose an international conference, for if this proposition is not received favorably by the powd
ers, it will try to accomplish the same result by an interchange of notes.
Replies were received to-day from several capitals. The nature of these replies are not
disclosed by the State Department, but it is learned that they show much diversity of opinion as
to recognizing Li Hung Chang. It is understood that Germany takes strong grounds against
such recognition. The question of recognizing the Viceroy involves the character of the Gov
ernment he represents. Should the course outlined in Mr. Adee's reply to Li Hung Chang be fol
lowed, it would soon be demonstrated whether the Government is one which could fulfill its obli
gations and restore order in China. It is required by this that security be established in Peking
and the Government must show its ability to stop hostilities preliminary to the appointment of rep
resentatives of the United States to treat with Li Hung Chang.
Despite the apparent evidence of discord at Peking, the United States will strive earnestly
to secure harmony of action among the powers in dealing with China. The sending out yester
day of instructions to Embassadors and Ministers of the United States at the capitals of the pow
ers was the first step in that direction. Under these instructions American diplomats were to
sound the Governments as to their attitude on the question of recognizing Li Hung Chang as
the representative of China to negotiate with the powers
CM-T- BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON? "Augi 25.— A dispatch
received from Rear Admiral Remey to-day tends to confirm the statement made in a spe
cial cablegram from Peking that the Russian general had said that his Government had de
clared war against China. The dispatch is not made public, but it is said on good authority to
contain the assertion that the Russian commander had forbidden communication with the Chi
nese on the ground that Russia was technically as well as practically at war with China. While
this information did not reach Admiral Remey as official news, it came as a report from reliable
sources in Peking, which he thought this Government should possess as its own information. No
official word on the subject has yet been received direct from Peking, nor has the American
Charge d' Affaires at St. Petersburg reported that the Russian Government has taken action
against China.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
Notwithstanding the Discord at Peking, the
United States Will Strive to Secure Har
mony of Action Among the Powers in
Dealing With China.
FOUNTAIN HEAD OF THE TROUBLES IN CHINA.
THE IMPERIAL PALACE, PEKING. LATELY THE ABODE OF THE EMPRESS DOWAGER AND PRINCE
Tt'AN, THROUGH WHICH THE ALLIED FORCES WERE MARCHED AND IN WHOSE GROUNDS SOME OF
THEM ABE NOW ENCAMPED.
»
From Qheiftu Comes a Rpmoir That Russia, Oermniaey aed Japan Have Declared War oe Celestial
1 Empire and Invite Great Britain and the United States to Retire.
SHANGHAI. Aug. 25.—Em
peror Kvvang Su left Pe
king August 15, but was cap
tured by Japanese troops on
the. road to Sian Fu. He is
now in caotivity. Prince
Cheng and General Yung Lu
have reached Pao Ting Fu.
LI Ping Heng has committed^
suicide. His subordinates,
Shen Len Lu and Chang
Chen, the military com
manders, have been de
graded.
CHEFU, Aug. 24— It is ru
mored on good authority
that Russia, Germany and
Japan have declared waron
China, and invite England
and the United States to
retire.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Iler
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
CHINESE JUSTICE— PETTY OFFENDER RECEIVING A FLOGGING IN THE
COURT OF A MANDARIN'S YAMEN. *
THE POOR PEOPLE HAVE TO TAKE THEIR CORPORAL PUNISHMENTS IN PERSON. BUT THOSE WHO
ARK ABLE MAT HIRE A SUBSTITUTE EVEN IX CASE OF THE DEATH PENALTY.
Looting on the North River by Black Flags
Causing Great Uneasiness — Wesleyan
Church Destroyed and One Man Who
Opposed Outrages Boldly Carried Away.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 19OO, by the Herald Publishing Company.
HONGKONG, Aug. 25.— The course of the black flags up the North River is marked by ir
responsible looting, causing great unrest. - The populace attribute the trouble to the for
eign invasion. It is believed here that the black flags will never reach Peking, but will join
other rioters in the provinces and cause widespread disturbance.
: The Wesleyan Church at Yingtak, on the North River, has been destroyed 67 rioters, who
looted the converts' houses and carried off one man who opposed the outrages.
CAPTURE OF THE CHINESE EMPEROR
WHILE FLEEING FROM PEKING
Pates 21 lo 3d
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900— FORTY PAGES.
The San Francisco CallShip Maine Reaches China.
LONDON. Aug. 25.— Advices from
Hongkong; report that. the American ship
Maine, which sailed from Southampton
for China, July 12, arrived there to-day.
Training Ships Arrive.
LONDON, Aug. 25.— The American
training ship Lancaster arrived here to
day and the I United States training ship
Hartford at Southampton.
Central Dinlnj-rooras, 24 and M Elli»,i re
opened by J. Bertz, well-known restaurateur. •
From the first the police of the central
office have insisted that the. murder wa3
due to the jealousy of some. man. The
story of the girls is the first thing they
have learned that bears out the theory.
They arenow directing their efforts to lo
cate Miss Scharn's regular Saturday night
caller.'' •- ¦ -*<¦.• ~ ./. ¦¦ ¦-.- .• -¦ ;. r
Celestlne and Anna Gretz, two girls who
delivered washing at the Scharn flat on
the Saturday evening Catherine was mur
dered and had done so on each Saturday
night for months, told the police that on
three or four different Saturday evenings
when they delivered washing a strange
man had been In the room with Miss
Scharn. ;
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— After seven daya
something has been found upon which the
police may go to work In the Scharn mur
der case. They have learned that Catha
rine Scharn was in the habit of receiving
a male visitor In her flat on Saturday
evenings. Also there is a probability that
the girl was strangled with a bedsheet,
which has disappeared since the crime
was committed, although it was in the flat
when the body of the murdered girl was
found. ; /
Girl Was in the Habit of
Receiving a Male
Visitor.
NEW EVIDENCE
IN THE SCHARN
MURDER CASE
In view of all these facts It has been
determined to make Guam a great naval
base. A mixed commission of one army
The Navy Department has been at pains
to ascertain Just what harbor facilities
other nations have In this part of the
world, and the maps already prepared
show that southward from Guam we are
flanked for 2500 miles by a chain of Isl
ands containing thirteen fine harbors, all
of them potential bases of hostile powers.
Some of them already are equipped and
fortified. These harbors are Included In
the Marshall and Caroline groups, -which
stretch from the southern border of the
Philippines eastward past the longitude
of Guam, while on the north the Ladrones
possess several harbors, some of them a»
close as forty miles to our possessions In
Guam.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.— The Navy De
partment has taken the initial steps in
the preparation for the complete and
comprehensive system of fortifications and
harbor improvements by which It Is In
tended to make the island of Guam a
thoroughly protected base for our naval
vessels In the Western Pacific.
Initial Steps Taken for Com
plete System of Harbor
Improvements.
GOVERNMENT
TO FORTIFY THE
ISLAND OF GUAM
The programme for the religious exer
cises which are to be held in the Audi
torium to-morrow has been arranged as
follows: The principal address will be by
Commander in Chief Shaw of the G. A. R.
He will-talk on "True Patriotism." Bishop
Fallows will deliver the address of greet
ing, it being- preceded by the Lord's
The dedicatory exercises proper com
'prlsed an address by Frank Lowden of
Chicago, a response by Mayor Harrison
and addresses by other local speakers.
The members of the Grand Army and
their friends have been pouring into lhe
city all day long on regular trains, and
Innumerable specials from all parts oX the
country. It is estimated that 30,000 of
them arrived to-day and many times that
number are expected to arrive to-morrow
and Monday. The chief arrival to-day
was that of the Spanish Minister, the
Duke de Arcos, with the Countess de
Arcos. They were met at the Lake Shoic
depot by a committee representing the G.
A. R. and another jrepresenting the clty
of Chicago and escorted to the Auditorium
Annex, where apartments had been pro
vided for them. The escort on the way
from the depot to the hotel was headed
by the Denver flfe and drum corps. Gen
eral Dan E. Sickles arrived to-night.
PHICAGO, Aug. 25.— The National
Encampment of the G. A. R. was
I opened to-night by the dedication
I . of the new Coliseum, in which the
joint camp fires of the reuni«i, the
war song concerts of the veterans and the
religious and other exercises for the pub
lic incidental to the encampment will be
held. The Coliseum stands on Wabash
avenue, between Fourteenth and Six
teenth streets, and within its walls to
night were gathered 10,000 people.
A chorus of 1000, costumed to represent
a living flag, occupied an Immense plat
form at one end of the building, and close
by them was the great band of 100 pieces
that will render the concerts during the
coming week of the encampment. Jules
Lombard, a famous singer of war-times,
was there and sang the "Star Spangled
Banner" from the original manuscript.
It Is estimated that 20,000 veterans have
already arrived here and are quartered
about town, most of them with friends or
at hotels.
"There are thousands of veterans who
had hoped to meet the President during
the encampment," said Commander Shaw,
"and they will be disappointed. They are
not the ones, however, to wish the Presi
dent to leave his duties during the present
grave period."
The President's final decision that the
gravity of the Eastern situation will not
allow him to attend the encampment was
received .with disappointment at Grand
Army headquarters, as well as at the
Hamilton Club, where he was expected to
be the chief gu^st Tuesday night.
At Van Buren street, on the north, and
Eldredge court, on the south, half a mile
from Van Buren street, stand great
arches that on Van Buren street being In
honor of the army, the other In honor of
the navy. Between the two arches are
placed pn both sides of the street at In
tervals of twenty feet pillars of white,
surmounted by a ball.
Upon the front of each pillar Is a shield,
around the edges of which are electric
lights, diagonal lines of lights also cross
each shield, and the -whole effect, com
bined with the tasteful arrangement of
lights upon the arches, made the scene
to-night one of great beauty. The streets
in the neighborhood were so Jammed to
night by thousands of spectators as to
be almost impassable.
The court of honor on Michigan avenue
built in honor of the Grand Army was
illuminated to-night for the first time, and
although on a smaller scale it surpasses
anything seen here since the World's Fair.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. F. W. Gunsaulus,
Rev. J. D. Severlnghaus will conduct the
responsive reading. Rev. Dr. Hirsch will
deliver an address on patriotic and relig
ious lines and the final speaker on the
programme will be Rev. Dr. Thomas C.
Cliff of Salt Lake City.
An elaborate musical programme will
also be rendered. The afternoon services
at the Coliseum will be for children and
will include addresses by Commander In
Chief Shaw, Bishop Fallows and Rev. B.
W. Arnem of Wilberforce, Ohio.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 25.— General Mac-
Arthur has cabled the War Department
the following list of wounded: July 31.
Legaspi, Luzon— Company I, Forty-sev
enth Infantry. Randall McCleallen. In
back, moderate: July 24. Company H.
Forty-seventh Infantry, William Russell,
in arm, serious; Grover C. Sweet. In arm.
slight: John R. Keeble. In shoulder, seri
ous; July 6, Ezra L. Van Orden. In but
tock, slight. June 30, Leon, Panay—Com
pany I. Twenty-sixth Infantry, Charles
L. Fesh. in arm. serious; Sergeant Her
bert Spencer. In hip. slight.
Casualties in Philippines.
Ten Thousand People Assemble Within the
Walls of the New Coliseum to
Witness Its Dedication,
BRILLIANT OPENING OF
THE G. A. R. ENCAMPMENT
The officers axe Captain J. F. Merry,
now on duty at the naval station In Hon
olulu; Major Biddie of the army engineer
corps, now on duty In the Philippines,
and Lieutenant A. M. Beecher. now on
duty in Washington. Lieutenant Beecher
is accumulating the outfit for the com
mission here and shortly will proceed to
San Francisco, whence he will sail on tha
Solace about October 1, picking up Cap
tain Merry at Honolulu, while Major Bid
die will come eastward to rieet the otb.tr
two members of the eommiJatua.
and two naval officers has already been
assigned to the work of the preliminary
survey and upon their recommendations
the future work in this line will be made.
The exhibition has given a pretext for
unusual license in the display and produc
tion of so-called "post-cards," bearing
suggestive and in many cases obscene pic
tures. M. Beranger, a life Senator and a
leading spirit in the reform movement
here, took up the matter, members of the
opera corps and Pallet representatives
having protested that their features were
attached to photographs In Indelicate
scenes. These cards were openly dis
played in shop windows and on the boule
vards. The police organized a general
raid and in one day seized 50,000 "post
cards," 600 photographs and fourmuto
scopes on the north bank of. the
alone. Similar operations on the south
bank are affording- an equally good and
plentiful harvest.
A serious situation has arisen, accord
ing to reports from Marseilles and Toulon,
on the French-Moroccan frontier.
Troops are said to be massing- In great
numbers in dangerous proximity to the
Algerian frontier, and Moroccan tribes
men, it is asserted, are raiding French
territory. Instructions are said to have
been received at the Mediterranean naval
station directing the French naval au
thorities to prepare to dispatch artillery
and stores to Algeria, while orders for
contingents of troops from. Algeria and
Tunis for the Far East have been counter
manded. In official circles in Paris, al
though it is admitted that the situation
needs watching, it is thought decidedly
improbable that the Moroccan Govern
ment Intends to conduct hostile operations
against Algeria. ¦
The commission appointed to organize
fetes at the exposition in Order to gal
vanize the show into something: like bril
liancy and thus attract visitors, an
nounces that two great fetes will be given
In addition to the Venetian fates already
announced. The first will be a fete of
flowers, held the first week In September,
and the second will be vintage festivities
on the 15th of September. The first will
be made the occasion for a gigantic flower
show and a battle of flowers. The second
will comprise -an exhibition of French
wine products and a procession of alle
gorical cars. Although it has been sug
gested that the duration of the exposition
be extended, it is officially announced now
that the great show will close on Novem
ber 5. "
Post Cards Seized.
"We have no revenge to seek in China
and we have no intention to demand such
compensation in the shape of indemnities
as will create resentment against foreign
ers. Our policy will be one of liberal ed
ucation, the effort to teach this great
mass of people to trust and regard Euro
peans favorably. In the end this may re
sult in the advancement of civilization
for the one and commercial prosperity
for the others. Those who think that a
change of government will change the
character of the Chinese people have not
a broad understanding of the deep-seated
ideas which centuries have bred in them.
To make a radical upheaval of their form
of government just'at this time would do
more harm than good. We shall attempt
to tlnd a suitable person of liberal ideas
toward foreigners who will assume the
reins of government. Our position fol
lows the identical lines of the United
States in nearly every instance. Com
mercially we wish the broadest interna
tional construction to be placed upon for
eign privileges, and it is a fact that had
not your country declared an 'open door'
at the time it did France herself would
have done so. The reply made by the
United States to Li Hung Changes re
quest for the appointment of an emissary
to act with a view to a settlement anil
the establishment of peace receives gen
eral approval here. France will take a
similar position, for we must be assured
that we are negotiating with a concrete
body, and not with. a shadow. While Wb
have special commercial interests in
Yunnan and Szechuen, our desire to de
velop that region would be defeated
should we act on narrow, selfish ideas
there."
The small anti-governmental papers are
still barking over the acceptance by
France of Field Marshal Count von Wal
dersee as commander in chief of the allied
forces in China, and the sincerity of Rus
sia's friendship is impugned, as these pa
pers say that It was Kussia that sug
gested Count Waldersee as the comman
der in chief.
The Gaulois calls attention to the fact
that at a conference presided over by
Prince Bismarck, when outside of Paris,
in a discussion as to whether Paris should
be taken by assault, Count Waldersee ex
pressed the wish to "see this Babylon en
tirely destroyed."
French Territory Invaded.
PARIS, Au?. 25.— The Viceroys of the
various provinces of China may . be con
voked to choose some one of weight in the
empire to deal with the powers in estab
lishing such a government as will assure
the fulfillment of whatever terms the
powers shall dictate in settlement of their
claims arising from the recent outrages,
and one who will give satisfactory guar
antees of a complete change of Chinese
policy toward the outside world. Such
a solution has been suggested in diplo
matic circles, but with the corps absent
on vacation and President Loubet and M.
r>elcasse, Minister of Foreign Affairs, out
of town the idea has not assumed a crys
tallized form. Hope £till exists tfcat a
strong central power will be found in
Peking, which will constitute the best
guarantee for the future, the best means
of securing- - reparation for the wrongs
suffered by Europeans and the best safe
guard against division among the powers
themselves. *
Now that the allied forces have entered
the Forbidden City the necessity for the
maintenance of concord among the pow
ers Is most pressing. Yet fears are in
creasing that the strain of conflicting in
terests and ambitions may cause a cleav
age among the nations interested. This
danger has been demonstrated already by
the individual action of Russia in seizing
the present opportunity to extend her
frontier Into Manchuria and the recent in
cident regarding the landing of British
troops at Shanghai. While no official
statement is forthcoming as to the posi
tion of France, in the absence from Paris
of those in control of her foreign policy,
the following, emanating from an official
associated with the French Government,
expresses the views of the Foreign Office
at the present juncture: -
Views of Foreign Office.
States Are Highly Commeneded
by Prominent French
Officials.
* «
Copyrighted. 190tf, by the Associated Press.
Action of Russia in Extend
ing Her Frontier Com
mented. Upon.
¦ — «
Methods Adopted by the TJniisd
FRANCE FEARS
CLASH OF POWERS
IN THE ORIENT
I 1 ONFMIN i ==3-*=2 • RPPIF 1FN - s - i IP>A1D>IF^ £
THE CHINESE GOD OF WAR.
BRITISH FALL
INTO A TRAP
SET BY BOERS
Two Companies of Liverpool
Regiment Ambuscaded
and Lose Heavily.
Lieutenant Cordua, Convicted of Com
plicity in the Plot to Abduct
Roberts, Goes Bravely
to His Death.
LONDON, Aug. 25.— Lord Roberts has
left Pretoria and has established his head
quarters at Wondeifontein, the seconc'
station west of Machadodorp, where the
bulk of the Boers are supposed to bo.
Wiring 1 from there. Augrust 24, he says:
"Buller reports the Boers laid a trap
for his cavalry August 23, opening with
several guns at fairly short range. The
English guns silenced the Boers, but when
the firing ceased and the pickets were
being placed for the night by some mis
take two companies of the Liverpool regi
ment advanced 1500 yards into a hollow
out of sight of the main body, where they
were surrounded by the Boers and suf
fered severely.
"The Liverpools lost ten men killed and
Captain Plomer and forty-five men
wounded. In addition they had thirty
two men missing.
"General Buller's other casualties, Au
gust 23, were twenty men killed, wounded
or missing."
Lord Roberts also wired that General
Pole-Carew occupied Belfast, near Mach
adodorp, August 24, without opposition.
General French, with four brigades of
cavalry, is moving west of Machadodorp.
The dispatch of the British commander
in chief in South Africa also says: "There
is a welcome green over the veldt, which
I hope means that our riding and trans
port animals will g^et grazing shortly.
They have fared badly of late."
A special dispatch from Pretoria, dated
August 24, gives details of the execution
on Friday of Lieutenant Cordua, of the
Transvaal artillery, convicted by a court
martial of breaking his parole in plotting
to abduct Lord Roberts and his brother
officers. Cordua walked fearlessly to tha
garden at the jail. At his own request
he ¦was not bound and sat in a chair with
folded arms. He told Captain Barchard,
commanding the firing party, that he wai
ready and ten bullets struck him. The
bodv ¦was buried near the spot where the
lieutenant fell.
GERMANS ARE
PREDICTING IS
LONG CAMPAIGN
Plenty of Fighting Promised
in China After Von Wai
dersee Arrives.
HUmy Berlin Newspapers Express
I>istrust of Several of the Powers,
Especially Great Britain
and Fiance.
Copyright, 1900, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN. Aug. 5. -Official circles here
emphasize the statement that Germany,
after the taking of Peking and Field Mar
shal Count von \Va!tiersee"s appointment
to the command of the allied forces in
China, stands in precisely the same atti
tude as before. Germany, it is added,
still insists on carrying out the pro
gramme which the Minister of Foreign
Affairs, Count ven Bulow, published in
his circular of July 3. and which was
approved here and abroad. It is also of
ficially claimed that all the other power*
interested still adhere to that programme,
of which there now remain two still siost
important paragraphs, viz: Adequate re
driFs for Chinese crimes against inter
national rights and the re-estaJjIishmcnt
of an orderly state of affairs, arid the in
stallation of a government willing and
able to give guarantees against the recur
rence oi the recent outrages. Many
papers, however, continue to express dis
trust <>f thf intentions of several of tne
powers, especially <jreat Britain and
France, claiming tnoy have separate jwans
regarding tin* langtte Valley and the
southern provinces. i>o lar *s Russia is
concerned the G*rman press ' is not exer
cised, because it has been officially ad
mitted by CJ'ermany that Germany does
not oppose any KusEian plans aiiectinj
the northern provinces, as not touching
Germany's political or commercial inicr
tsts. The belief is generally held hero by
both the Government and the" press that
Count von IValdersee will lind plenty to
<3o Alter his arrival In China, even it hi»
command is restricted to tae province ot
2'echiU.
One Warning Sounded.
The leading Centrist organ, the Cologne
Voiks Zeiiung, Jorms an exception to mis
rule, bounding- a warning against von
waJderaee'a overstepping me bounds:
drawn by Count von Bulow. The Lokal
Anzeiger publishes an interview with u
Chinese diiiiomut here, who is ijuott-J as
taying:
"Ntither the Emperor nor the Dowager
Empress will return to the capital until
the"foreign troop? are withdrawn. There
foe^ the allies had better appoint either
a Provisional Government or a Regent,
proposing i".jr the latter Prince Ching."
Tne Chinese diplomat aiso advises con
cluding; peace and accepting the offer of
aJ Hung tiling, "who assuredly is em
powered ekher oy the Tsung li Yam.n,
the Emperor or the Empress." He further
remarked that the war was certainly over
""since China baa neither generals, soldiers,
nor material left." 'i he only danger of a
renewal of hostilities, he declared, was
'•if harm befell the Empress or Emperor "
The Foreign OlHce publishes a letter
from the Taotai of Amoy to the German
Consul there, expressing his deep regret
at the death of liaron von Ketteler, the
late Oerman Minister at I'ekinj,'.
The Itfaval Hansuvers.
The naval maneuvers this week were in
teresting in demonstrating the fact that
torpedo- boats are powerless to attack bi"
vessels at night if proper vigilance is ob
eerved. 1 he lit et, after renewing its coal
supply, will sail around Skagen into the
Baltic, where there will be tactical and
reconnouf ring evolutions during the com-
Ir.g week, arriving August 30 at Xoufahr
u a?=vr to reccai.
The Emperor and Empress attended the
un\ehing of the monument erected to tho
xm-mory of William 1 at Erfurt. There
jwin be a big review on the Templehoff
Saturday. It will be attended
rLVrM 1 ! 18 °r _JV,urtemburs. the Grand
JJuke of iies*e. Prince Henry of Pru«-»«a
ihe Grand Duke of Oldenburg and many
?£ e i-^; Va H U «f\ besides Ge^ral Ludlow of
me L lined States army.
The German Government has shown
attention to a number of other
iSrft^Si < tniwrs > , w " h <> l" addition to Gen
eral Ludlow are here to studv German
Captain Mitchell of the ordnance depart
ment, who inspected the German method
of manufacturing smokeless powder and
£*^;Cor»trnctor Woodward, who in
epecied Kiel.; Dantzic and other Jards
An exposition pi South and'centrai
American vegetable products has been
r k a " d Wi " rCmam ° P " ™™
The papers here comment on the inter
views and speeches in America bv Andrew
IX White, the United States EEmhua&da?
on the subject of German relent Th s
Kreuz Zeitung disputes Mr. White's as
£«?«? that the excitement here regard
*£S the Dingier tariff has subsided and
that the latest Van Holiebcn-Kay agree-
Some Official Courtesy.
The Foreign ocico officials informed the
Associated Press correspondent this after
roon that they nad not .c-ceived anv S:r %ct
new* from Peking since Thursday and
expressed apprehension that the com
ir.unicatiGns were interrupted. Thov say
ihe^^^.f^^h'tiS CWna £S£*
Fnr T J 1 -n E ni! asS3^ r is FtiH rece ived at the
Foreign Office whenever he has anvthine
to communicate. But the Foreign Office
?™ Iirit . "3** Uim as qualified now to
carry out MrlojungoUtlcaJ negotiations."
nJrrfn t«™S n « °F lc . e nas no news from
£-1™ V?" K - oUok - r s widow. Count von
f-^ ~." lhe I , m Pf"al Commlfs'oner for
volnofcary sanitary work in China, wrote
pJm'iJ B - ,jj l acksoi ».. secretar v of the United
a u n nW° SSaSKS&g In G reTurl
Count von solms tenders the u"e of an
to&SS&fSP?**, arrangements there
to the l.nit<-d Pjntcs army and navy.
THE DAY'S DEAD
Professor Wilhelm Nietsche.
WEIMAR, Aug. 25. — Professor Fred
erlch Wilhelm Nietsche, the philosopher,
died here to day. of apoplexy.' He- was
born in 1844. He became hopelessly insane
In 1SS0. -¦_-.
W. F. Bushnell.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Aug. 25.— TV. F.
Bushnell, proprietor of the Dakota Farm
er, published at Aberdeen, South Dakota'
and a delegate to the Farmers' National
Congress, died here this morning of bowel
complaint. He was 40 years old.
O." M. Judy.
FRESNO, Aug. 25.-0. M. Judy/ a
prominent sportsman and business man of
Reedley, died here to-day as the result
of an operation for appendicitis. He was
the San Joaquin Valley agent for G. W.
McNear, the San Francisco grain dealer,
and had a State and national reputation
as a crack wing shot.
Rev. S. P. Whitney.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 25.— Rev. S. P.
Whitney, a pioneer Presbyterian Minis
ter of this coast, died" at his home In this
city at a late hour to-night. He has been
pastor of many churches in the State, in
cluding Olivet, Church in San Francisco.
Rev. air. Whitney was born in New
York sixty-five years ago. A widow sur
vives him.
DIFFICULT TO GET
ACCURATE MESSAGES
WASHINGTON. Aug. 23.-The War De
partment has been advised by the cable
companies that they hax-e had difficulty
In tracing- messages which have been sent
to Lnited States officials In China and are
endeavoring also to have the dispatches
of General Chaff ce repeated. *-* < " cnes
It Is stated that difficulty arises in China
on account of the interruption that occurs
from time to time on the land line from
Shanghai to Chefu. which is under th"
control of the Chinese authorities. Copie*
of all messages passing over this line are
T* n 2 t y tea £if r to ins «re delivery, even
If delayed. This line was evidently open
Z5*£ri*Z 2 r »he day before, for a dis-
Pateh dated Tientsin. August 23. Mas re
ceived by the War Department.
Arrivals From Cherbourg.
5ORK, Aug. 25.— Among the pas
sengers who arrived here on the steamer'
from Southampton and Cherbourg were:
George A. Armour, Judge E. W. Biddie
Chauneey M. Depew, Frank J. Gould. Jo
seph E. WMcner. David Belasco and Mrs
I-eslie Carter. Senator Depew said he
¦was ready for the campaign and would
have a conference with Senator Platt
to-day or Monday.
RUSSIA THE
POTENT FACTOR
IN THE ORIENT
the Weil-Known East
ern Traveler.
— . «
View of John W. Bookwalter,
Holds That the Czar Will, as a Mat
ter of Self Protection, Prevent
the Dismemberment of
China.
Correspondence of the Associated IJress.
LONDON, Aug. 18.— John W. Bookwal
ter of Ohio, whose recent books on Si
berian and Asiatic problems have been
much quoted in recent English papers, is
now in London. In an interview Mr:
Bookwalter said:
"The present situation in China seems
to me is not its serious phase, as it is
likely to precipitate the whole Asiatic
problem, with its many complications for
permanent solution. There are two chief
considerations in this problem. First, the
double relation Russia occupies toward
China and that which Russia occupies to
ward England through her dependency in
India, for since the grand operation of the
great Trans-Siberian and Trans-Caspian,
railroad systems Russia has been brought
into direct contact M'ith China from the
Hinterland. It is obvious, therefore, that
Russia is the mo3t potent factor in direct
ing events which will determine what the
future relations of the various nations
shall be in the Asiatic continent.
"It is hardly likely that the contest be
tween Western civilization and Eastern
civilization, which must inevitably occur
sooner or later, would have developed al
the present time had it not been for the
building of Russia's great railroad lines,
the effect of which would be to establish
a practical dominance of Russia in Asiatic
countries, and which might be regarded
as a menace to those nations now holding
spheres of Inliuence there, as well as to
those who see in the possible partition of
China opportunities for territorial ag
grandizement.
Conditions Changed.
"As an indication of this change it may
be said that Russia was ten years ago
the "farthest nation away from China, sep
arated by impassable steppes apd without
a navy, while all the other European pow
ers could .reach the Chinese littoral by
water. The building of these railroad
systems has rapidly changed the entire
situation, bringing China, politically and
commercially, to the very,doorB of Rus
sia and making a coterminous border of
from 4OU0 to 5000 miles.
"In fact it brines China in physical con
tact with the Russian empire alone, her
contact with other nations being only
through the dependencies of those na
tions. In view of these important facts
it is easy to s<« what is to be the prob
able relation of Russia to China, which
seems to me can only be of the most
friendly character, and to that end the
maintenance of the integrity of the em
pire, especially the Middle Kingdom, is of
paramount importance.
"I believe that when a general showing
of hands, is made it will be apparent that
if there is not an actual alliance between
Russia and China there will be found to
be an intimate co-operation for the main
tenance of their political and commercial
interests. Under these considerations it
does not seem possible that the partition
of China among the Western powers can
occur, nor could a composite control be
established, since Russia's imperial inter
ests demand that she deal with a perma
nent situation, such as a united China
would insure, rather than the ever-chang
ing condition certain to follow the dis
memberment of China among otljer na-
Interests Identical.
• "Suppose there existed In British Amer
ica a nation with three times the popula
tion of the United States, that this coun
try fell into evil ways under insurrection
and that European powers found It neces
sary to send troops, under cover of whom
they attempted to effect territorial divi
sion or a composite control. The United
States would rightfully and immediately
say, 'Hands off,' that this nation bordered
on the United States and not on others,
and that no change in the present status
be permitted without her consent. Under
the circumstances it would seem there
fore probable that an identical note will
be issued by Russia and China, in which
they will Jointly agree to guarantee the
Integrity, of the Chinese emplre,;which Is
In direct line with the present expressed
views of the various powers and also the
safety of foreign residents and the prop
erty of other nations in the country. Such
a guarantee from some such powerful and
reputable nation as Russia would carry
with it such weight that a refusal to ac
cede to it by the powers would certainly
lead up to a most critical * international
situation and probably a clash of nations.
Ito Issues a Manifesto.
YOKOHAMA, Aug. 26.— Marquis Ito,
formerly Prime Minister, has issued a
manifesto setting forth the aims of his
party, which is called the Constitutional
Political Association, and from the ranks
of which the next Cabinet will probably
be drawn. The manifesto emphasizes the
fact that the appointment and dismissal
of the Ministers are constitutional pre
rogatives of the sovereign and that when
the Ministers are In office it Is not per
missible to their party to interfere with
the discharge of their duties. The press
urges the sending of troops to Korea. The
Cabinet hesitates; but a Japanese cruiser
has been sent to the vicinity of Gensan.
Big Blaze in New York.
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— Fire to-day -In
the top floor of the building: In "Wooster
Btreet, occupied by the Blrkenfleld-Strauss
Co., manufacturers of ladies' underwear
caused a loss of $300,000.- ::. : .-.;¦-•
Unknown Man Shot.
CHICAGO, Aug. 25.— A well-dressed man
of 25, not yet identified, was shot through
the head in the hallway of the Stafford
Hotel at Pacific avenue and Van Buren
street to-day by an -unidentified assailant,
who escaped. The Injured man was taken
to the Good Samaritan Hospital and died
eoon after ward without speaking..
CABLE NEWS FROM FOREIGN CAPITALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900
22
The treatment of a cold ought to begin
with the appearance of the first symptom.
Whether the cold has settled in the head
and produced catarrh or deafness, or
At least two people out of three some
time during the winter months have a
cold, more or Ies3 severe. Very few. In-
deed, escape entirely. Although a cold
is not often directly fatal, yet It la the
most productive source of incurable dis-
eases that is known to the medical pro-
fession. A cold Is the most frequent, the
most dangerous, the most neglected ill of
life.
"We keep a bottle of it on hand
all the time, and when I have been
out in inclement weather I take a
dose or two of Peruna and it pre-
vents my taking any cold and
keeps me perfectly well." Yours
very truly, Helen Murphy.
Gentlemen: #v About three months ago
I contracted a severe cold at an evening
reception, wh/ich settled on my lungs
and threatened to be very serious. As
my mother has used Peruna with good
results, she sent for a bottle for me and
I found that it gave me blessed relief.
Before the second bottle was consumed I
was welL
Miss Helen Murphy, a popular society
woman of Oshkosh, Wis., is an ardent
friend of Peruna. The following Is a
letter written by Miss Murphy and gives
her opinion of Peruna as a preventive as
well as a cure for catarrhal ailments:
The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. O.:
gargles sometimes relieve, but never
cure. Peruna cures by removing the
cause. It gradually eradicates the ca-
tarrh from the system.
"Health and Beauty" sent free to
women by Dr. Hartman, Columbus, Ohio.
The cause of nervousness Is, generally,
overwork, mental worry, or Impoverished
blood. Any one with pure, rich blood,
who takes not too much exercise, nor too
little, gets plenty of sleep, knows nothing
about nervousness. Nervousness ' means
anaemia of the nerve centers. This Is
brought about either by Impure Mood or
overtaxing the nerve centers. Regular
habits, good digestion and careful avoid-
ance of all excesses, will cure nervous-
ness. In order to secure these most de-s
sirable .things Peruna will be found to r>«
of great assistance. It assists digestion,^"
thereby Invigorating- the nerve centers.
"Although the past year has
been a severe tax on me, Peruna
has kept me strong and vigorous."
Yours truly, Lillian Roenheld.
settled In the throat and produced en-
larged tonsils or hoarseness, or settled In
the bronchial tubes and lungs, producing:
cough or asthma, or In the pelvic organs.
Peruna Is the remedy.
Miss Lillian Roenheld. a graduata
from the Conservatory of Music. Paris,
is the violin soloist of tho Chicago Ger-
mania Club. Miss Roenheld used Peruna
as a tonic when run down by overwork.
She speaks of It In the following glowins
terms:
CHICAGO. 111.,
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus. O. :
Gentlemen — "I cannot give too great
praise to Peruna. Last winter my ner-
vous system became so overtaxed from
constant overwork with my violin that
my right side seemed partially paralyzed.
"X naturally became very anxious and
consulted my physician. After giving me
a couple of prescriptions without effect,
he advised me to try Peruna, and I am
glad to say It effected a speedy and per-
manent cure.
A dose .of Peruna before each meal
during the hot season Is a safeguard of
priceless value. Catarrh cannot be
cured by local treatment. A thorough
course of internal treatment with Peruna
affords the only reasonable prospect of
cure. Sprays, douches, inhalants and
In such cases local treatment can do
nothing but harm. Peruna has again
and again been found of great value in
these cases. The first dose gives prompt
relief to the most distressing symptoms,
and a persistent use of it for a reasonable
length of time will permanently cure
cases of long standing.
Besides the usual symptoms of catarrh,
the patient has brown specks before his
eyes, slight dizziness, roaring in the
ears, attacks of nervous headache, pal-
pitation of the heart, flashes of heat,
followed by slight, chilly sensations, faint-
ness, depression, despondency, forebod-
ings, foolish fears and many other similar
ones.
The symptoms of catarrhal debility are:
A ilabby, pale condition of the mucous
surfaces, with a sticky, stringy mucous
secretion, which causes much hawking or
coughing, coated tongue, white specks in
the hack part of the throat and a very
red, ragged appearance of tho tonsils.
"/ have used Peruna and can
cheerfully recommend it as being
the best remedy for catarrh and
general debility that / have ever
used." Yours gratefully,
Mrs. C. H. Buck.
Mrs. C. H. Buck, 2923 Douglass street,
Omaha, Nebr., writes:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Use Peruna for Catarrhal Derangements
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
The NeaU
Appearing,
Well-Dressed
Man
• _ - Involuntarily
|^^^_ inspires the re-
spect and con-
4* YH y! fid" 1 " of thos .*
. £ r - s ' f i 1 is a pleasure to
t f^*(J^ I compliment to
t^^^^^^M qnentfy he is in
T Ifiillif ate . priccs for
enables anyone
V^a^f Finely tailor-
1. \H| |i j ed Suits for
¦'¦*>¦ ']B : :' Wf vl W« UU
J *^ -i
*f T\| I makc Suit3
in i iiiiiih r for 25 per cent -% *
less than other s *
' tailors.
Joe Pohe£m
The Tailor,
1110-1112 Market St.
2OU2O3 Montg'y St.
W3Bk SUFFERS
or la Just beginning to suffer from tha weak-
ening effec'3 of self-abuse or over-induteenco
end has night emissions or lout power, ea k ba
permanently cured by our wonderful and t»*i--
fallinir method. Write if yoa cannot cafTmi
the office. Delay is always dangerous our
new system of treatment by mail la something
wonderful. W rite for carious and Interesting
book and circular. Sent In plain sealed B*ck-
R " . fre , e - . Nothln * wer aent C. O. D. unless
2* I i 1 ,£ uIa j!r ordered. Address DR. COOPER
& CO.. US Kearny St.. 3. J\ ww*-mBogus Dollars in Circulation.
Agent George W. Hascn of the United
States Secret Service declares that there
Is in circulation in, this city a large num
ber of counterfeit dollar pieces bearing
the -date: of 1899. The bogrus coin is a
good imitation except that the edge is a
trifle thicker than a cood coin.
George ruanchard. a foreman in the em
ploy of the Union Iron "Works, fell 'down
the hold of the battleship Ohio yesterday
afternoon and received Injuries which
may result fatally. He was taken to the
City and County Hospital, where an ex
amination showed that he had received a
fracture of the skull and i>ossible internal
Injuries.
Fell. Into -a Ship's Hold.
Aurora's Anniversary
Court Aurora of the Foresters of Amer
ica celebrated the twenty-second anniver
sary of Its Institution at a banquet to Its
members and ladies last evening Thnro
were about two hundred present who
partook of a very palatable ' sup
per, during which they were entertained
with orchestral music. J. J. Cordy grand
secretary of the order, acting as' toist
mapter, called for responses to' toasts ¦««*
follows: "Our Chief Ranger." responded
to bv T. Webb; "The (frand oSrs!"
Frank Conklin, grand treasurer- *T)iir
Past Chief Rangers," J. McDevitt': "Our
Invited Guests." A. Goodfriend of P,av
City Lodge: "Tho Ladies." Con Peterson
and "Thrt Press." J. Label. T The toasV'
master ..proposed "Court > Aurora " to
which he himself resnonded.
The annual picnic and reunion of St.
Theresa's parish will be held. on Labor
day, September 3, at Mirabel Park. The
various committees in charge have com
pleted all arrangements. An excellent
programme -will be presented, and numer
ous gate and game prizes have been se
cured. The Rev. P. O'Connell, pastor of
St. Theresa's Church, is very much en
couraged and expects a large attendance
The committee of arrangements Is as fol
lows :_ John C. Ryan (chairman on print
ing). W. C. Dickson. F. J. Boland and J
Anderson: on prizes— A. Sheehan, J j"
Flanagan. P. Kennedy, J. Twomev nnri
P. O'Farrell: games-B HargadSn J p
Crowe. M. Whelton and P J Fianacan"
Tho boat loaves Tiburon ferry at 9 am
sharp. * at " ¦ *• m -
St. Theresa's Parish Picnic.
• Bathers Drowned- j
CORUEY, Fa., Aug. 25.— At Findl.iy
Lake, Chautauqua County, N. Y., a sum
mer resort, to-day three prominent young
women were drowned while bathing. They J
are: Miss Mamie Carr, '20 years old.
Northeast- Pennsylvania;. Miss Pearl Pal
mer, 1?, Northeast Pennsylvania; Miss
Llllie Conkle, 19, of Plttsburg. The young
women were bathing in front of the lake
house, twenty feet. from the shore.
To Edit Daly's Paper.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aug. 25.— P. D.'
Moore, editor of; the Gazette-Herald. left
to-night for Helena, Mont., to 'accept -thq
editorship of a new paper eaid to be
backed by Marcus ,Daly, and which will
oppose Senator Clark's political Interests.
FISHERMEN PERISH
IN GULF OF GEORGIA
High Gale leashes the Waters and
Capsizes Many Craft, Sending
Occupants to Death.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 25.— There
was a high gale on tho Gulf of Georgia
last night, and to-day five' overturned fish
ing smacks were found with tho sails flat
on the water about fifteen mlle3 from
Vancouver. The occupants were undoubt
edly drowned. Kach boat contained from
two to five fishermen, hut their names
have not yet been ascertained.
CHICAGO, Aug. 23.— Chairman Johnson
of the Democratic ! national executive
committee stated that on Wednesday next
an Eastern headquarters will be opened
in Xew York City, with Vice Chairman
Stone of Missouri in charge. Associated
with Mr. Stone will be ex-Senator Gor
man of Maryland and Daniel J. Campau
of Michigan, Committeeman Guffey of
Pennsylvania and Congressman Richard
son of Tennessee.
A conference will be. held In this city
September 3 at the rooms of the Demo
cratic National Committee of the chair
men and secretaries of all the State Dem
ocratic Central committees of the Middle
Western States, including Illinois. Indi
ana, Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin,
Nebraska, Kansas, Ohio, Missouri, Ken
tucky and West Virginia. The object of
this conference is to establish a thoroiigh
co-operation between the committees in
the various States In the matter of as
signing prominent speakers and fixing the
dates and places at which they are to
speak.
DEMOCRATIC LEADERS
TO CONFER IN NEW YORK
WHILE Hans Johnson, night clerk
at the Hancock House, 781 Mis
sion street, was escorting a be
lated guest to a room on th.o up
per floor, about 4 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, the money till In the office was
'".touched" for the entire contents, some
thing like $27. Johnson did not find it out
for some time. Then he was sure that he
had been made the victim of a "sure-thing
game."
Just about 4 o'clock a stranger brought
in a drunken man who had $12 to deposit.
Johnson stowed this money safely away
in the till and gave the inebriate a receipt
for it. The other man stood by and
watched and then departed. Soon after a
short, thick-set man, a blonde, came in
and asked to be taken to a cheap room
Johnson went to an upper floor with
him, leaving the office alone. Some min
utes were consumed in reaching the room
lighting the gas and making provisions
for the guest's comfort, lt was during
this interval that the till was robbed
Johnson's theory la that the sober 'man
of the first two went out and sent up a
pal to clear the coast to furnish an oppor
tunity to pry open the till with a chisel
This opinion is confirmed by the fact that
the last lodger came downstairs almost
immediately and went out "to get a flask
of whisky," but failed to return. He prob
ably went out to get his share of the
booty early.
HOTEL CLERK IS
FOOLED BY CROOK
Zr.^Iish Syndicate Is Said to Have
Sought the HeiEkell Group.
FRESXO. Aug. 25. — lt 1? reported here
that the JIHskoll grorrp of copper niin<>s
In this county, owned by H. B. Vercoe &
Bon. b3M been sold to an English ?yr.di
cate of mining men. which will develop
the property on a large Fcale. Xo further
particulars have been received concerning
th<> deal. J^_____
Serious Eunaxray Accident at Milton.
MILTON. Aug. 25. — While the wife of
V.'. IT*. VancSel, a rancher of this place.
SALE CF COPPER MINES.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
|->RESNO. Aug. 25. -Deputy Sheriff
H John J. White arrived last r.lsht
! with Charles Ardeil, ivho ¦was arrest
ed at Piatismouth,\Nebr.. for the
tnur<fer cf Dar. Donnelly in Fresno on the
mornisg cf June 27. 1S». Ardell was very
rr;:ch Gipcourai?ed and refused to talk
about his case. Besides the murder
rharge he -Rill have to answer for partici
patisg to the robbery of Jack HeattaJ who
v.as: lie^-ed out>r.f $50C' by Ardell and two
a<-oomr>Jices. the Jatter beine now in Fol
50m Prison. Ardell Is one of the most
notorious criminate in the State. The
Southern Paxdftc detectives have \y**r\.
v.r.:r;:;rfr him for years? and r.esrly every
oftc«r In ihe State is acquainted v,ilh h!s
bistory.
CTTARLES AKPELL. WHO IS AC
ct;Fnr> ok MX'rtxtmt at fkesxo,
a;;p icovir en* rot.te to that
citt •y-n.'-na the east, there HH
W AS CAPTURED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS AN'GKLES, Aug. 25.— The necessary
documents have been signed, sealed and
delivered, the money has been paid over
and Senator "W. A. Clark's purchase of a
controlling: interest in the Terminal Is
now a legal fact.
All of the parties to the Important
transaction will from now on devote their
energies toward the realization of the Im
portant object in view, which is the con
struction of a transcontinental road be
tween Los Angeles and Salt Lake City.
Just how much of the interest the Clarka
really own in the Terminal has not been
made public.
Those best conversant with the facts,
however, are saying that Senator Clark,
with Immense ¦wealth at his command,
would probably not have dipped into the
enterprise at all unless he was placed in
a position to control it absolutely.
The details of the construction of the
new line have been completed. A cor
poration is to be formed with capital suf
licient to complete the line. Papers for
this purpose have already been prepared
and were submitted to Senator Clark dur
ing his last visit to Los Angeles. The
road will issue stock and be bonded, the
latter securities carrying 4 per cent In
terest coupons. Five hundred thousand
dollars of stock and as much more of tho
bonds of the company are to be turned
over for subscription to the people of this
city, and probably half cf the same
amount to the people of Utah, who are
to be equally benefited. Senator Clark
is not expected to be In Los Angeles agaiu
before next winter.
Within the next few days Vice Presi
dent T. E. Gibson of the Terminal road
expects to visit Salt Lake City, there to
confer with citizens relative to the con
struction of the new railroad between Los
Angeles and the capital of Utah.
Reconnoitering parties will soon be put
Into the field to make some preliminary
surveys of available lines. Engineer Haw
good is now organizing a field force lor
the surveying, the reports of which will
be used in formulating future plans for
actual construction.
Montana's Millionaire Pays Over the
Money for the Chief Interest in
the Terminal Railroad of
Xios Angeles.
CLARK'S CONTROL
A LEGAL FACT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL. Aug. 25.— Mill Valley
¦will be incorporated. At to-day's election
the Citizens" and Taxpayers' party, who
favored Incorporation, elected their entire
ticket and carried the Issue of incorpora
tion by a majority of thirty-sevea votes.
The following were elected: )
Trustees— F. F. Bostwlck, A. "W. Bush.
O. C. Cappelmann, C. L. Storck. ; Jacob
Gardner.
Town Clerk— Louis L. Janes.
Treasurer— A. L. House.
Town Marshal— Richard MacDonald.
The Citizens' and Taxpayers* party was
supported by the Tamalpais Land and
Water Company, which has before at
tempted to Incorporate the town. Feeling
and excitement ran high throughout the
day.
An Exciting Election in Mill Valley-
Results in a Majority for the
Citizens' and Taxpayers'
Party.
INCORPORATION
GAINS THE DAY
SAN JOSE, Aue. 25.— President Bond of the
Cured. Fruit Association stated to-day that it
is expected that prices lor prunes would be
fixed next week.
Will Have to Answer to
the Chanje of Killing
Daniel Donnellu-
ARDELL IS BAGK
IN FRESNO JAIL
SANTA ANA, Aug. 25.— A representative of
the United State* Government has been In this
valley lor the paat several days buying- horses
for cavalry purposes In the Far Kast. and to
day three carloads containing seventy head
wer« ehipped to San Ftandeco-rone from Santa
Ana. BjnA two from Caplitraao. Tha average
price paid was about )60.
TACOMA. Wash., Aug. 25.— The Board of
Equalization to-day made a horizontal reduc
tion of assessment* cf real estate In Pierce
County amounting to 12.009, 0G0. The reduction
In this city U 10 per cent; outside of the city
;p per cent.
SANTA ROPA, Aup. 25.— A petition for lettfrg
of administration on the mate of the late Wal
ter C. Good were filed here to-day by Mr*
Jeanne Stratton Good, hlB widow. The de
ceased left property valued at about $30,000.
FRESNO. Auc. 2S.-Eenator Mason of Illi
nois and party will arrive to-morrow night
from Vosc-m'.te Valley ami will remain here
until Monday afternoon, before taking up the
homeward journey to Chicago.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 23.-Jam*s MeHaney
km to-tlay found gtilKy of counterfeiting
United States Judge Wellborn will Impose sen
tence FYiday inornine n<"xt. MaiM
VICTORIA. V>. C. Aug. 25.— A report
was brought by the Cottage City this
morning that the Canadians had moved
the boundary < ustoms-house from Plens
nnt Camp, on the Dalton trail, to the Kla
kena Riv<?r. where the Porcupine district
is entered.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
Canadians Move a Customs-House.
Smyrna Fig Quarantine.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.— The plague
quarantine against Smyrna will be raised
Eixty days after the Government there of
ficially announces Smyrna free from
bubonic plague. An order issued by the
Treasury Department to-day Instructs
quarantine oilicers at all points that the
regulations, against the shipment of
Smyrna figs and raisins should be waived
after Smyrna officially has been declared
free for sixty days.
Veterans to Camp at Fairfax Park.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL. Aug. 25.— Fairfax Park
Is ablaze to-night with the pomp and can
opy of war. The veterans of Companies
C and G.. First Regiment, N. G. C. en
tered the park to-day, pitched camp and
started an active campaign on the hearts
of the bevy of Fairfax beauties who had
waited for hours to welcome the stalwart
heroes. To-morrow Company D will en
gage the Invaders in bloodless conflict,
after which tents will be struck and the
command will return to San Francisco.
DETROIT. Aug. 25.— Pythian headquar
ters and the railroads report thousands
of Knights of Pythias en route for De
troit to the Xational Encampment. A
great many are scheduled to arrive to
morrow. Members of the California con
tingent, which arrived to-day in two spe
cial cars under the leadership of Brigadier
General ShafTner of San Francisco, are
already making strong efforts for the se
lection of San Francisco for the next bi
ennial gathering. Aside from religious
services to-morrow no special features are
on the programme until Monday after
noon, when the encampment will be for
mally turned over to Supreme Cnancellor
P.impie and by him transferred to the
command of Major General Carnahan.
Sir Knights at I>etroit
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 25.— Lee Cross is in
jail on the charge of misdemeanor. He
was In Boulder Creek purporting to be a
representative of the Democratic State
Central Committee' delegated to organize
a Bryan and Stevenson Club. He gave a
check to P. Welch for $55 and I. Hart
man one for $38. They were drawn on San
Jose banks, but proved to be worthless
in Santa Cruz Jail.
HAS NO MONHY IN BANKS.
Drawer of Worthless Checks Lands
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen-
sions Granted.
Sr^clal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.— PostOfflCft es
tablished— Hutchinson, Baker county. Or.;
James H. Hutchinson, Postmaster.
Postmaster commissioned: California —
James G. Dodds, Westvllle, Appointed—
W. H. Werswick, Esperanza, Kings
County, vice J. S. Shaw, resigned; Wil
liam Russell. Felton, Santa Cruz County,
vice Jacob Steen, resigned.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Restoration— William H.
Moore, Campbell, $5. Increase — Thomas
F. M. Why-te. Soldiers' Home. Ixjs An
peles. J10; John A. Owen, Pomona, $10;
Ebenezer B. Hunter, Neenach, S3. Orig
inal widows, etc.— Margaret McPeak, San
Pablo, $S; minor of John J. M. Brown,
Davlsville, $10; Virginia L. Scott, Santa
Paula. $12.
Oregon: Mexican war widow— Elizabeth
Hughes, Fulton, J?.
Washington: Original — Jesse C. Mus
grave, Xew Whatcom, $6; Frank P.
Loomls, Tacoma, $6.
TNTERESTS THE COAST.
ST. PAUL. Aug. 25.— A special to the
Pioneer-Press from Helena, Mont., says:
Thieves to-day stole $f>000 worth of gold
from the assay office of the Jay Gould
cyanide plant. The gold was In a retort
end represented a two weeks' clean-up of
R. A. Harsh's cyanide mill. The amal
gem was red hot when taken from the
office, having just come from the furnace.
There is no clew to the thieves.
lena, Robbed of S5OOO Worth
of Precious Metal.
Jay Gould Cyanide Plant, near He-
THIEVES CARRY OFF
SOME REDHOT GOLD
waa driving: with her two sons and a
niece yesterday, the horse became fright
ened anfl ran away. All the occupants of
the vehicle were thrown out and tho older
boy was fatally Injured. Mrs. Vanclel
was seriously bruised. A few weeks since
the eldest child of Mrs. Vanclel. a daugh
ter of 15 years, was drowned while bath
ing In a small reservoir near home.
Anna Lee, a demented woman, barri
caded her home at North Beach last night
and climbing to the roof called loudly for
the police. She was about to jump to the
street below when she was caught ana
taken to the City Receiving Hospital,
where she is detained In the insane ward.
She will be sent to the asylum at Ukiah.
Wanted to Take a High Jump.
Bound Valley Pursuers Return After
a Futile Quest, but Believe the
Slayer Will Be Caught
COVELO, Aug. 25.— The Round Valley
posse, under the leadership of George
Whitney, which has been in pursuit of
Murderer King for the past few weeks,
returned to-day, having abandoned the
chase for the present. They firmly be
lieve that King is in hiding in the Trinity
Mountains and will yet be captured.
Members of the posse expressed surprise
on learning that Sheriff Taylor had with
drawn from the chase. It Is believed that
ANOTHER POSSE GIVES
UP THE CHASE FOR KING
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF TO
BEMITE PARLOR OF MERCED, THE
ODDEST PARLOR IN THE SAN JOA
QUIN VALLEY.
as aid at the X. S. G. "W. celebration. Mr.
Rice is 6 feet 6 inches In height, has a
handsome face and figure and mounted
on a coal-black horse he will be one of the
finest Native Sons Dixon Parlor will send
to the celebration.
Son as Aid.
DLXON. Aug. 25.— J. II. Rice, cashier of
the Dixon Bank, has accepted an Invita
tion from Grand Marshal Costello to act
Dixon Will Send a "Handsome Native
WILL ADORN THE PARADE.
The uniform will be white hats, blue
coats, white duck trousers and white
shoes, and each member will carry In his
hand a native wood cane, around which
will be tied the State colors. Headquar
ters have been secured at the Russ House,
where the members will entertain their
friends. H. B. Ward has been chosen as
aid to the grand marshal.
nial celebration. Tosemite Parlor
Is the oldest parlor in the San Joaquin
Valley south of Stockton and will appear
In the great parade in uniform and headed
by the Merced concert band of twenty
pieces. Marlposa, Hornitos and Los Ba
nos parlors will also join forces with Yo
semlte.
MERCED, Aug. 25. — The members of
Tosemite Parlor No. 24, N. S. Q.
W., are busily engaged preparing
to participate in the semi-centen-
Ss«cial Dispatch to The Call.
Mothers and all who are interested In
children have been invited to meet at
Trinity Presbyterian Church, corner of
Capp and Twenty-third streets. Tues
day afternoon, at 2:43 o'clock. Dr. Louise
B. Deal will speak of "Infant Feeding,"
and Miss Fanny Gray, principal cf the
Sunshine Kindergarten, of "Children's
Games and Busy "Work for Little Folks."
Miss Jessica Fester will sing and Mrs. A.
J. Waterhouse will give selections from
the poems of her husband.
Mothers Will Meet.
Several of the girls fainted as a result
of the shock caused by the crash, but
they were quickly rescued and resusci
tated. A laborer who was at work on the
building was struck by a falling tlrnbei
and seriously though not fatally Injured.
The noise and clouds of dust caused by
the tumbling of the roof attracted hun
dreds of people to the scene, who rushed
in expecting to find the girl employes
crushed by the falling debris. Luckily,
however, the portion of the second story
roof under which the young ladies wsrt
at work had sustained the tons of dirt and
gravel which fell upon It, and while they
were partly imprisoned and almost smoth
ered none of them had sustained serious
Injury. r
The building was being reconstructed
and the roof had been raised by means ot
Jackacrews to make room for a third
story. It was supported in the air by a
light substructure, and the underpinning
suddenly gave way, letting the whole
mass down with a terrible crash.
FRESNO. Aug. 25.— The gravel roof of
the Sunset Telephone Company's building
in this city fell with a crash through the
structure this afternoon, and twenty
young ladies at work on the ground floor
had an almost miraculous escape from
death.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 25.— The Elks of this
city went to Salinas by special train this
evening to aid in the installation of a
lodge of Elks there. About 100 San Joseans
were in the party. Deputy District Grand
Exalted Ruler Frank L. Gray and repre
sentatives from San Francisco and Oak
land were present. The local Elks took
the" Fifth Kegiment band with tbem, and
on arriving at Salinas a parade was held.
The Salinas lodge starts with a member
ship of thirty-four. A banquet followed
the institution of the lodge.
Lodge of the Order.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Jose Members Install a New
SAUNAS ELKS.
Sheriff Bergln and posse of Trinity Coun
ty are still scouring the mountains. The
members of the pursuing party cite many
tales of hardships encountered during the
manhunt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gravel Roof of the Sunset Telephone Com
pany's Building Falls and Imprisons
Employes, Who Fortunately Escape.
TWENTY FRESNO HELLO GIRLS
IN GREAT PERIL OF DEATH
Forest Fire Near Boulder Creek-
Sr«*clal Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 25.—A large brush
and forest fire has been raging yesterday
and to-day along Kings Creek, above
Boulder Creek.
California, who was at Council City look
ing over several prospects when the fires
first started back up tnt river. Bailey ar
rived in Seattle on the Tacoma and still
wears several bandages on his hands to
show that he w.«s not an Idle spectator
during" the terrible siege of flame and
smoke. He Fays the fires were started
through the carelessness of some pros
pecmrs up the river who built a camp nre
and neglected to see that it was out when
they left. On August 1 the smoke became
so alarming that a party was sent out to
see if there was any danger of fire reach
ing the town or camp.
They returned with the news that the
fires were spreading rapidly and reaching
out on the grass on the clear lands.
Everything at the time was dry and
yielded readily to the flames. The flre
spread out from the brush to the tundra,
where the grass ignited like tinder.
The rainstorm which struck Nome on
August 3 and 4 affected the district but
little, although it helped some in retard
ing the progress of the lire. It ended at
last, though how the tired and blackened
fire-fighters never knew. They were com
pletely exhausted and scarcely recognized
the fact that the danger was over.
Bailey Bays it was a terrible and trying
experience. When he left the whole coun
try nearly had burned over, destroying
much of the timber so scarce along the
coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTL.B. Aup. 25. — For nearly two
weeks the COCO residents of Council City.
according to Nome advices, fought heroic
ally against fire, which threatened the
town. During eight days the miners had
tcaref'.y a moment's rest in felling tlm
ber, setting back fires and pouring thou
sands of gallons of water upon, threatened
cai>;ns.
Or. August 10 the forest fire* on Solomon
Blver had about ceased, or had passed
further up the river, and the fire lighters
had tne first chance to take an inventorv
of the damages. As a result they foun"i
twenty-five cabins consumed, ten partly
po. one. dead man and three injured. Th'j
only death to occur was that of a young
man. Charley Blackwood, of Cleburn,
Texas.
P,:ackwood was burned to death on Au
«rust 6, while attempting to set a back
s.re on some prairie tundra on the south,
where it had caupht fire, and where the
f.re waj> advancing with frightful speod
TowarJ a grkup of cabins n^ar the river.
He. with a hhlr dozen others, ran out and
pet the bacH tire, but after the line of
back fire had' set and had already cleared
a iarge. space he fell dead, presumably
from heart failure, induced by the terri
ble heat and emoke. The three others*
.•*->Te only slightly injured. Two were
knr»okcd down bv a tailing timber from
a burning cabin. On<» had an arm broken,
the otiier a leg. Still another fire fighter
¦was burned by hSs coat catching lire from
e flvlrif* fire brand.
One cf the men who went through that
t\ro weeks of frlffhiful peril and who
¦worked with the rest for forty hours at a
etretch was Fred J. Bailey of Oakland,
Forest Fires on Solomon River and the
Tundra Back of Cape Nome Imperil
the Camp for Nearly Two Weeks.
COUNCIL CITY HERS FIGHT
FLAMES FOR DAYS AND NIGHTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.
Yosemite, Mariposa, ar\d Los
Bar\os Parlors GorT\ir\$ to the Gelebra
tiorv iiyJPorrvp arvd Qlory.
NATIVE SONS FROM
THE GREAT VALLEY
23
"I have never written you how grateful I axo.
to you for vour help in* securing good health
era or.e of the sweetest, dearest, thirteen pound
pirls that ever came into a home." writes Mfi.
M. Vasline, of 6<7 South Liberty St., Galesbur*.
I!!. "I took. six Txattles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite
J^escription, four of the ' Golden Medical Dis-
,Q'?very,' and four vials of 'Pleasant Pellets. 1
£' fere I bad taken four bottles of the ' Favorite
Prescription ' I waa a new woman. I cannot
xaakr j>ea describe my heart-felt gratitude."
To keep the 'bowels regular use Dr.
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.
Exhales from children as fragrance from
flowers. The little lips are aiways puck-
ered to give or tike a kiss. In homes
uh-?re there are children, love reaches
its fairest and sweetest proportions. In
childless homes the kiss of wife and
h-.:sband groTVS formal, and presently is
neglected ; the springs of love in the
heart become choked for -want of use
and exercise. Childlessness is a j^reat
sorrow to many v.omen. It is like a
curs- from Nature, who bids all crea-
tures to be fruitful. It is not a curse
but a misfortune. Often the conditions
which csuse childlessness are removable.
I>. Pierce's Favorite Prescription has
brought joy to many a woman by Riving
her the happiness of motherhood. It
gives to the womanly organs vigor and
vitality, removes local obstructions, and
practically does away with the pains and
panrjs of maternity.
There is no alcohol or narcotic in " Fa-
vorite Prescription."
" Lucke is selling out."
e ©
Whether you wish to spend $i. $2, $3 or $4
for a pair of shoes, you can get just what you want
at Lucke's sale and your purse need only contain
one-half of what it usually does when you buy
shoes.
This is .by far the greatest shoe sale ever held
in San Francisco. Lucke's reputation for 30 years
— the fine quality of the stock and the remarkably
low prices to which every pair of shoes has been
cut have made it so.
In 22 days 17,^00 people have bought shoes —
many buying several pairs.
The following prices will show some of the
reasons for this remakable sale : •
Ladies' Hen's
Ladies' fine strong kid lace There are some rare bar-
shoes, fairly heavy exten- gains left in men'stan shoes;
sion soles — just the shoe for the lines are, of course,
fall wear, broken up, and there are but
$2.55 few left; it your size is arm ng
You never bought a shoe em Y ou can sa y e one-half;
at any price that will out- the P rlces ran S e u P m
wear this one. -$2.50 to $3 65
Remember these are $5
When the sale started there and 5° shoes '
were 400 pairs of ladies' tan still left— a few men's
lace shoes, with hand-turned V ici anJ calf lace shoes, res-
soles, which <o.d at $4.50; u ar $3.50 goods, now re-
the fifty pairs remaining will duced to
go at co „
$1.85 *<*35
r,.,. - ... . • \ These are "Goodyear"
Fifty, pairs -w,ll not last wek shoes-no tacks or wax-
long-come early. ed thread to hurt yQur Uet;
. a nice, easy shoe at a big
•_l * 1 j- »x saving. .' "r
There are afew ladies' tan
lace shoe"= with, hand-turned Rrkmrc;'
soles and French heels, which LjOy S
are going at Hundreds of mothers have
$2.85 bought these bovs' strong
'• , , ' „ . , school shoes, which are go-
Thls is a real swell shoe in =_„ _ f _.,;,-.,- n « upr h*»f«r»
the highest style. offered *
One of the finest shoes . Yo u will haveVo see the
bought for ladies for the fall snoes to see what these
trade is an all patent leather prices mean.
Oxford, with a very nice
French heel and plain toe; Children's and misses' kan-
it was intended to sell for garoo calf shoes in either
$5, but the sale price nowis. lace or button:
C 3 ,;- Sizes 6 to 8 $ .95
3 >< *- o; * Size* Si to 11 1.20
This is a fine, dainty shoe, , S zes nito2 1.40
made by one of t!;e best ¦ Jhivis a decidedly strong
shoemakers in the United 5hoe— one that Lu:ke always
States, and cannot be exrell- fully guaranteed; prices are
•ed in style, or workmanship. about manufacturers' cost.
It will be to your advantage in time and con-
venience to come in the 'morning, when the store
is not-so crowded.
All the atove shoes are carefully fitted by
experienced shoe salesmen.
• •
Lucke's
832 Market St.
ADVEZXTISErdESTS.
DB. KTLMEH'S SWAMP BOOT.
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
and Don't Know it.
How To Find Out.
Fill a bottle or common glass with youi
watsr and let it stand twenty-four hours; a
r*\ j. _,. sediment or set-
fi^S n^f77S\ un kealtny condi-
HTM \\^tr^^rihHl tion oi th « kid "
\M kPJP2/ 1 i v ne y s: !f lt staIn3
7feA/TTg&»5Z/^4f-T>-j your linen It Is
TTff^J/^U evidence of kid-
re y trouble; too
S Viju^Uj r^^S fre£ ? uent desire to
*. '^Jr^ mJfr^ pass it or pain in
*-— — ——¦ ¦" — t ne back Is also
convincing proof that the kidneys and blad-
der are out of order.
"What to Do.
Thsre is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney remedy fulfills every
wish in curing rheumatism, pain in the
back, kidneys, liver, bladder and every part
of the urinary passage. It corrects inability
to hold water and scalding pain in passing •
it, or bad effects following use of liquor,
wine or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity cf being compelled to go often
during the day, and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the extra-
ordinary effect cf Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures cf the mos; distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should have the
best. Sold by druggists in 50c. and$l. sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery f^ff*"- .
and a book that telis^fi^j^fe&SSTsS^
. more about it, both sent IsO-trT^^lEpSglgSS
absolutely free by mail.
Address Dr. Kilmer £i nome of Swamp-Root
Co., Binghamton. N. Y. When writing men-
tion reading this generous offer in this paper.
$visr- OR- JORDAN'S great 4
tai'SEtis of flHflioavJ
h Q& icsii&smsg.tet.frJiiaT'ji.c.i'.sa. &
T Sr^ The Largest Anitom ou Museum in the \
A l j/\_i Wond. W««kims9» or i-iy eontr.ict?<l a
\.. j&* *^S disease positively tara4 trf the oldest JL
I A fe*y I SS. JORD/uS-PRIVATE BiSHAStS $
\ ?S5rE)» te.-:<iu!t3tion freo and str!rtl» privire. \
n I j£4*L 3 T™ Kaient - personally or by letter. A £
\f u y /"M.ftio l^jrflm every as: a:i«!?mken. T
A If ¦/ 11 2p. Write for Book, poaoiura? -i* &
«r a I] j d ddAnnjAes. maiiso FK2S. '.\*
\ J4 JJ, valuable booh for cirn) >
7 OK. JfoKOAX 4 4-'O.. 105X Market St.. 8. F. f
i /x! /\\/y\-t
DR. PIERCE'S "^LjS"' Guaranf eJ
ELECTRIC '/t^^ tot-ethi
BELT. ' I i BLST.
We have belts as low as |5. same as others
c«41 at much higher prices, but tbey nr» not
"DR. PIERCE'S." II you want the BEST, a
belt that will core without medicine, wont
fall 10 pieces in a short time, and which may
be had at a moderate price, you must hava
"DR. PIEBCE'S."
Call or send a S-cent stamp for "BOOKLET
NO. 2." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
62(r Market Street. San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. New Tor* City.
' jijffaa^ TONG F»O OWY.
Jt^?Vr'"-'inP»» Successor to Dr. LAI PO TA !.
I fe5SSS*K?r 23k graduate of Canton Medi-al
College, after a very success -
b?r» <bB^ * u ' practice of many years !n
zr China, has located In Sa.i
pif V it Francisco. The surprising and
V>j\ £f marvelous cures effected l>y
ffg3rt jL his herbs demonstrate their
JS-jw'vAw poter.ee and his skill. The<»
herbs cure over 400 different
*5MSJ&K^4afik*^ diseases, including Bright's
Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
tion. Asthma. Para!ya:s.
Brain, Nerve, Cancers. Tumors. Blood, Mai*
and Female Maladies. All persons afflicted
with any kind of malady whatsoever are in-
vited to call. Offlce. 727 Washington st. Ofl3-»
hours — 9 a. m. to 12 m.. 1 to 9 p. m.: Sundays,
10 a. m. to 12 m. Accept grateful thanks '^r
effecting a cure of asthma of several years'
standing. A. DARLEY. San Kafael.
DR. BALL'S REINYIGORATORgEsngj:
Five husdred reward for any R'jLijS*"";
case we cannot cure. This secret 5^-3 D*nS
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours. I ~
cures Emissions. Impotency. Van- "*C^t-
cocele. Gororr'noea. Gleet. Fits, JTp, P77?l
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all *L*j pi-.U
wastlnsr effects of . self-abuse or jVB >jji
excesses. Sent sealed. J2 Vutle: 3 KcfiSSGr^
' bottles, $.*¦: guaranteed to cure any case. "AJ-
i dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. Sii
i Hroadway. Oakland, Cal. Also for *a!e at 1073 1 *
¦ Market »t.. S. Y, AM private diseases quickly
I cured. Send for free book.
t'^k***^! n-n-sdj for Gonorrh'jeaT
Vffi**rcCHi£X»M GI*)t. S^«rmatotrine%'
«*3g5yinito&<iB7«-^i! Whites, nanatsra! Jis»
! &i£jf Gcs.-=n;t.Hi 5j clmrsjc*. or aay infls — mt*
: Ef3*»S not «o strietarv tiou. ( irritation or ui •>!-».
> rp— ~ «* ?r»vaau wasa^ion. tion "* oocom n.cra-
I K*ti^HrE'/ifl3 CHEKicuCft br*ne«. Kon-astriaeens.
wS^AciNCiniiATl.O.??^ "*" Id °y «-Tnj»?isix
V. 1 A~mjft£t Ok " 9 * n * * 3 91*1 B \rnpieT
'5i5Ci*^« : 3P?>'''f5t ?l - w - " r 3 £>ot::j* iz.n.
,. v * Circuu* aczi u» ta«%^
I , h
| Weak Men and Women
SIIOCLD USE DAM1ANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; slves h»alth ami
i strength to sexual organs. Depot. 3^2 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlc3 Lists Mai! > \
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MER2BAC1I. lawyer. 503 Cal..CInnla bd.
CCAL. COKU AM> WI3 VfO\
T r U'fl SftV £ f ft SM Battery Street.
J. lr W IL 3U.1 g IU-. Telephone Mala 13C4.
COPPERSMITH.
f W SMITH Sh!p Plnrablns. Steamboat and
t« » • J.'l . 1 II ship Work a specialty. 18 am
18 V."aah!ni:ton it. Telephone Main SML
ELECTRICAL.
D. P. WASS.
Electrical Engineer, 36 East St.
FRESH AND SA'-T MKATS.
14^ ROVF^ £ CO Sn'PP*"* Butcher*. 10»
JA5- DiHCd a LIA ciay. Tel. Main 134.
GALVANIZINj AND METALS.
Mrr. * r**al«-r in Metals A Galvanizing. JOHX
FINN' METAL WOKKS. 315 Howard St.
HAR»B>S DRESSING.
j "PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 25c. Robinson Chrm. Co.. 116D Howara.
LITHOGRAPHING.
Union Llthojrraph Co.. 22S Sansome St.. Artistic
Lithographer* and Printer*. Government Li-
cpesw! for Imprinting of Revfnufl Stamps.
METAL.
Extra Hnotyp* and st<>reotyp« metal. Faeffle
Metal Works. 137-3 Firsit St.. San Francisco.
• OILS.
• LUnttlCATTNO OII-S. LEONARD A EL-
I US. 41S Front St.. 8. F. Phon" Main VtV).
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Pchn'-tteT's Mlnin;
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 front. S. R
Y- C- BCfiR^i- 511 Sansome st.. S. F.
PRINTRTJS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
3 First st.. Ban Francisco.
STATIONED AND PRInTH>
T»tegmphio PARTRICSE "ggSE"*
BUJTI: A5fl STEAM COAU t^black
DIAMOND COAL MININO CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal la the
. market. O£Sca and Yards— liO Main straet.GOOD RACING
IN PROSPECT
AT WOODLAND
Syecial Dispatch to The Call
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 25.-The State
Agricultural Society to-day decided to ac
cept the bid of W. D. Fitzgerald of San
Francisco and B. W. Cavanaugh of this
city of $12,000 for the bookmaklng privi
leges at the racetrack during the coming
State Fair.
Fitzgerald and Cavanaugh, on behalf of
three other bookmakers of the State,
guaranteed that the latter would also be
here next month. Under this bid any
bookmaker in the State, up to September
1, can "cut in" and run a book upon pay
ing a pro rata of the sum bid.
The society will conduct its- own auc
tion pool selling. It concluded to do so
for the purpose of preventing a combina
tion of the bookmakers and the auction
men.
The society accepted the renunciation of
Senator Frank W. Leavltt of the privi
lege of the track programme. He had
agreed to pay $500 lor the privilege, and
gave as his reason for desiring to be re
lieved of the privilege that tie understood
that the society had adopted one of the
ruies of last year to the effect that the
entries of the following day would be
closed at 4 o'clock in the afternoon. He
claimed that under those conditions he
would come out loser should he furnish
the speed programmes. The society will
furnish its own programme.
A petition was received from Charles M.
Daniels for reinstatement. He was ruled
off the track In September, 1896, for the
alleged pulling of Mainstay in a race. It
developed that the horse and his trainer
ha\ - e since been reinstated. The boy In
sisted that he was free from any fraud.
He was reinstated. Director Terry voted
against reinstatement upon the ground
that the matter should be further inves
tigated. He gave riotice of reconsidera
tion at the next meetnlg.
Harry Cassldy of the Rancho del Paso
was elected marshal of the racetrack.
A special purse of J6J0, free entrance, to
bo paced September 12, was offered for
Clipper. Little Thorn. Kelly Briggs and
such other pacers as may be entered.
The purse will be divided as follows:
Four hundred dollars for ihe first horse
and $200 for the second, the race to be
conditional on Clipper, Little Thorn and
one other contestant starting. On motion
of Director Terry It was decided that the
owner of every pacer in this race will
be required to pay an entrance fee of $10.
The entrance money will be added to first
money and go to the winning horse.
The Society Will Conduct the Auc
tion Pool Selling and Will Also
Provide the Daily Track
* Programme.
Fitzgerald of This City and
Cavanaugh of Sacra
mento the Buyers.
SALE OF FAIR
BOOKMAKING
PRIVILEGES
ENJOYABLE OUTTNG.
a Picnic at Fairfax Park.
Special Dlsuatch to The Call.
Tomales and Bodega Parishes Hold
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 25.-A Catholic
picnic of the Tomales and Bodega par
ishes was held at Fairfax Park to-day.
The good people from up the coast arrived
at the grounds early this morning by a
special train of thirteen cars. The To
males brass band of eighteen pieces furn
ished music for the occasion. The band
was kept busy In the afternoon playing
dance music In the pavilion.
The following is a list of the gentlemen
to whom is due credit for the success of
the picnic:. Carrol Jones. Patrick Roach.
James Gericke. Edward Callen. M. Kirk,
T. Brown. A. Martin, P. Mulvaney, C.
Martin. Charles Callen. J. Furlong, M.
Kief, Albert Xeellss. D. Qulnlln. J. Dowl-
Ing. D. McCarthy an.l the Rev. Father
Mackey, Bernard Miller and Patrick Car
roll.
The Rev. Father Rodgers of Tomale*
stated that owing to the success of the
picnic the up country people would en
deavor to make It at least an annual af
fair.
The picnickers composed a great portion
of the residents v of the northern part of
this county.
LOVE-LORN COOK'S SUICIDE,
Kern City Man Kills Himself on the
Main Street of the Town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KERN CITY, Aug. 25.-Frank Grlsche,
a cook In the Central Hotel, committed
suicide In the middle of the main street
this morning by blowing out his brains.
The suicide is thought to be due to a love
affair. He left two letters with a fellow
workman, but did, not state the cause of
his act. He was unmarried.
HYPNOTISM DID NOT CURE.
Fresno Youth Again Goes Mad and
Is Sent Back to Asylum.
FRESNO. Aug. 25.— George Conwell, the
youth who two days ago was discharged
from the Stockton asylum as cured from
melancholia by hypnotism, was taken
back this morning by Deputy Sheriff
Harp. Since coming home the boy has
had spasms and the hypnotic treatment
was without effect. There has been a re
version to the old ailment.
Tevis' Country House at Monterey.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MONTERET, Aug. 25.— The work of
surveying the tract of land in New Mon
terey recently purchased by Hugh Tevis
of San Francisco has been begun, and it
is stated work on the foundation of the
summer residence to be erected by Mr.
Tevis is to be begun at once. The land
lies on the cliff overlooking Monterey
Bay, between this place and New Monte
rey, and is exceptionally well located for
a residence. The house which Mr. Tevis
intends building will cos,t between $15,000
and J20.000 and will be in the old Callfor
nian stylo of architecture.
Zarina. A. n. Ppr»»rkels. Sar. FVancisco: A G.
James Thompson. Pleasanton; MapRio McKin
rey. W. Cm. Durfoe. Ivis Angeles; Vic Scheller,
Ger.rse V. Rollin^er. San Jose; Mary L. E. J.
Lane, Hver^tt. Wash.; Harry Gates. A. L.
Conklin. Bak»n=neld: Hanford Queen. Henry-
Morris. Hanford; Joe Selhy. W. H. Grissem.
VaUejo: Uertha R. Rosedale Stork Farm. Santa
Rosa: r>olaniier. J. O. Parrett. San Francisco;
Pl!ver Bow Jr., I. Moorehouse. Butte. Mont.
TIII'.EE-YEAR-OLJ} CLASS— TROTTING. 1300.
VenOome, Vendome Stock Farm, San Jos<»;
Thomas R, Vendomo Htock Farm. San Jose;
The Roman; I^a Siesta Stock Farm. San Jose;
Tom Smith, J. L. Smith, VaUejo; Eula Mac.
Kingsbury & Hogaboom, San Francisco.
BAR FLAHERTY.
Directors of Marysville Association
Frown on Crooked Racing.
ilARYSVILLE. Aug. 25.— To-day's pro
gramme at Agricultural Park closed a
wc-ek of racing In connection with the fair
of the Thirteenth District Agricultural
Association, which has been successful
from every standpoint. As has been the
case during the greater portion of the
week, the favorites again to-day failed to
justify the expectations of their backers,,
the Held taking firt<t money in every event,
save one running race.
Time. 2:15. 2:14, 2:15.
The directors of the association an
nounced to-day that as a result of the
meeting held by them to consider the
charges of fraud preferred against B.
Flaherty, the owner of Fine Shot, who
came In first Thursday in the five fur
long race, but who was disqualified owing
to his being eight pounds under weight,
that the charges had been declared well
founded and Flaherty, together with B. A.
Chilson the employer of the jockey who
rode Fine Shot, with all his horses was
ordered off the grounds. No blame Is at
tached to the jockey, who was unaware
that Flaherty had slipped the weights, al
though Chilson is said to have had krowl
edge of the occurrence. The summary:
First ra^e. 2:14 class, pacing, mile h^ats, b<?st
three In five, purse $500:
William Harold (B. Simpson) Ill
Mollie Nourse <E. B. Smith) ; 2 2 2
The Banker's Daughter IW. Brown) 4 3 4
Wllhelmena <\V. G. Durfee) 3 4 5
Fltz Lee (Jimmy Sullivan) S 5 3
Second race, 2:16 class, mixed trotters and
pacers, mile heats, best two In three, purse
*1M:
Sam II (XV. \V. Whitney) 3 1 1
Lynall (G. W r . Kingsbury) 1 3 3
Janece <B. tMmpaon) 4 2 2
Puerto Rloo <j. g. Cureello) 2 4 5
Mary L (William Hopoboom) 5 5 4
Time. 2:20. 2:22. 2:18.
Third race, running, five furlongs, purse $100—
FklrmiFh won. Limber Jim second. Red Steel
third. Time. 1:02. Nomadic. First Guard and
Fourth race, running, five and a half fur
long*, felling, purse $100— Whltcomb won, San
Aurunine second. Wing third. Time, 1:09.
Miss Dividend and O]al also ran. *
Irnpor*anl, C. A. Hextrom. W. W. Benson. J.
W. Olennan. B. F. Topper. Roy Cloud, J A.
Geniehlo. W. Z. Price. Carl Beeser. H. K.
Heiner. C. A. Jacobus, C. J. Benin, G. I*.
Hartley, Max Ppoerl. Leon Bean, Robert
Brown, G. Eikerenkotter.
Tulare's Republican Delegates.
VISALIA. Aug. 25.— At the Republican
primaries held In Tu.are County to-day
the following delegates to the State and
Congressional conventions ' were elected:
C G. Lamberson. John Cutler Jr.. J. D.
PHlsbury, L. E. Schoeneman. J. W. DavH.
H.- Hurst. A. C. Schtilbe. J. E. Shuey.
At the Democratic primaries the follow
ing delegates were elected: H. Levlnson,
M. K. Power. J. E. Goad. W. P. Boone. O.
C. Higgins, John A. Howcll, Henry New
man, M. L. Dale.
Needham Sure of Renomination.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 25.— Congressman J.
C. Needham of Modesto arrived In San
Diego to-day to remain until after the
Congressional Convention on Monday. A
number of delegates have already arrived,
but as it is a foregone conclusion that
Air. Needham will be renominated by ac
clamation It Is quite likely that there will
be many proxies from the northern end
of the district.
Shasta's Republican Delegates.
Special Dispatch to The Call
KESWICK, Cal., Aug. 25.— Republican
primaries held all over Shasta County to
day resulted In the selection of the fol
lowing seven delegates to the Santa Cruz
convention: D. McCarthy. W. D. Tlllot
son Luke McDonald. Carl R. Briggs, J.
E. Reynolds, E. G. Carter and John R.
Lowden.
Sacramento Primaries.
SACRAMENTO, Aug 23.— Both tho
Democrats and Republicans held their
primary elections to-day. They were
quiet. There were no contests in the clty
and but one in the country, where there
Is a fight over Supervisor for the Fourth
District.
Yuba's Republican Delegates.
YUBA CITY. Aug. 25.— Delegates to the
State Congressional and Assembly Con
ventions, elected at the Republican pri
maries in Sutter County, are: C. E. Wil
liams, Yuba City; L. D. Nash, Nicolaus;
II. P. Harrison, Cranmore: Irwin Griffith,
Sutter City.
FRESNO. Aug. 25.— For Superior
Judges— H. Z. Austin and Alva E.
Snow.
For Assessor— R. N. Barstow.
For Supervisors— Second District.
E. J. Bullard; Third District. Phil
Scott; Fifth District, W. D. Mitchell.
Harmony and enthusiasm pre
vailed at the Republican County Conven
tion which was held here to-day. Fac
tional differences, if there were any, were
cast aside before the delegates assembled
in Kutner Hall and every nomination was '
by acclamation. Ringing Republican
speeches were made by the local leaders
of the party and resolutions were adopted
indorsing the administration.
JI. /. Austin, chairman of the Repub
lican County Central Committee, called
the convention to order at 10:30 this morn-
Ing. Ptanton L. Carter was placed in
nomination for chairman of the conven
tion and elected by acclamation. Tne
usual committees were then appointed
and the convention adjourned for the noon
recess. Upon reconvening the reports of
committees were read and adopted ami
the convention divided into Supervisorial
district conventions to name the candi
dates for Supervisors. In the Second Dis
trict E. J. Bullard was unanimously
choscn. In the Third District there waa
only one candidate, Phil Scott, the incum
bent. He was also selected by acclama
tion. In the Fourth District all the can
didates except W. D. Mitchell withdrew
and he was the unanimous choice.
There was no contest for the superior
Judgeshlp nominations. H. Z. Aust n was
named by Frank H. Short and former
Dl&trict Attorney. Alva K. Snow by A. R.
Uriggs. Both were declared the parly
nominees by acclamation.
R. N. Barstow was named for Assessor.
The following delegates to the state
Convention were selected: h . H. b hort.
G. M.Van Wonner, E. F. Mitchell, b. B.
Breese. A. M. Drew, Dave Cosgravc, L.
Grunig. Dr. E. N. Gebhart, C. H. Detoy,
J.B. St urges. A. J. Shields, M. B. Harris.
A new County Central Committee was
selected as follows:
First Dlstrlct-T. E. Langley, A. McNeil and
Second W. R. Birmlneham. W. D.
Weaver and A. E. SunJerlar.d.
Third I'isUrict-S. L. Hague. T. II. Warring
ton and A. U. Bribes. „.,, _.,-
Fourth Pistrlrt-H. O. Munsen. Wiley Glffln
and Charles Kricksen. .
Fifth .PiRtriot — A. C, Kisen, John Ayer ana
William Stout. „
.At Iarce-L. H. Smith, S. J. Hinds M. \ .
Ashbrook. fcL A. Williams and W. F. Rowell.
Congressman Neeriham was strongly indorsed
for re-electlor.. and the delegates from the
Sixty-third Assembly District were pledged to
support \V*. F. Chandler.
MENDOCINO REPUBLICANS.
Enthusiastic Delegates at Ukiah
Choose Candidates.
Special Plspatch to The Call.
TJKIA1I. Aug. 23.— For Assemblyman,
William Hanen of Point Arena.
For Supervisors- First District, R. H.
Rawles of Boonvllle: Second District. R.
L.. Crane of Ukiah; Fourth District, Leon
ard Barnard of Fort Bragg.
Indorsed for Congress, Frank L. Coombs
of Nape.
The ' Republican County Convention of
MeYidoeino County, that met In this city
to-day made the foregoing nominations.
T. L. Carothers, chairman of the County
Central Committee, called the convention
to order and made a patriotic address.
¦ A J. Thatcher was elected chairman,
lie spoke for harmony and enthusiasm in
the light for McKlnley. The platform af
firms tho principles of the national plat
form congratulates the county upon the
general prosperity which the people have
enjoyed under the present Republican ad
ministration, sends a message of affection
to President. McKlnley and declares un
faltering devotion to his cause, and de
claring that McKinley's acts and policy
in the Philippines is not imperialism, but
duty. • '
The commttee also reported a resolu
tion reciting that Thomas L. Carothers.
who had been spoken of as a candidate for
Congress, would not seek the nomination,
and indorsing the candidacy of Frank L.
Coombs of Napa for that office.
William Hanen. editor of the Point Are
na Record, was placed in nomination tor
! Assemblyman by J. L. McNab, a brother
of Gavin McNab of San Francisco, and
was chosen by acclamation.
The dtstrict nominations for Supervisors
are as follows: • ' .T-S
First District. R. H. Rawles of Boon
ville; Second District. R. L. Crane or
Ukiah; Fourth District, Leonard Barnard
A county central committee of twenty
five was appointed by the chairman, ine
delegates to the Republican State Conven
tion are: George H. Rhodes. F. Caughey,
John McWhinney. William Coombs, \\il
liam Hanen. J. H. Short. F. A. W hippie,
G. Harris and Albert Brown.
SUTTER REPUBLICANS.
Nominees of the Convention at Yuba
TUBA CITY. Aug. 23.-For Joint As
semblyman for Yuba and Sutter—Law
rence Schilling (indor&ed).
For Supervisors-First District, Frank
Graves; Fourth District. John Burns;
Fifth District L. D. Nash.
The Republican Convention of Sutter
County to-day made the above nomi
nations. A new central committee was
also chosen.
Kinw Countv Republican Convention
HANFORD. Aug. 25.— The Republican
convention of Kings County met here thh
afternoon with J. O. Hlckman, chairman
of the County Central Committee, presid
ing. It was a large and enthusiastic gath
ering. Temporary Chairman W. A. Long
made an able address on taking the chair.
The only offices for which nominations
¦were to be made were those of Superior
Judge and County Surveyor.
For the Judgeship, E. L. Cosper of Han
ford and \V. Madden of I^moore were
candidates, the former winning by a
vote of forty-six to thirteen.
J. B. Bendick was nominated for Sur
veyor without opposition.
The convention unanimously adopted
the report of the committee on resolu
tions, indorsing the patriotic, manly, open
and courageous administration or Presi
dent McKinley and also Indorsing the
platform adopted by the Republican Na
tional Convention. The administration of
Governor Gace was also Indorsed.
Kern's Republican Delegates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 25.— The Repub
licans at the primaries to-day chose the
following delegates:
State Convention— C. J. McDavlt. Randsbun?:
Andrew Brown, KernviHe: C. O. Lee Te
hacliapl; J. W. Shaffer. Kern; George Craft.
P-akersfleld : D. S. Coverdale, Delano; C. U
Crnmer, Glennville.
Congressional Convention— P. C. Smith. Alvln
Fay, H. C. Dale, W. Lowell. Hakersfleld; A.
M. Crltea, Kern; George Trepagnler. Mojave.
The only contest developed among the
Republicans was between the supporters
of th"?: Hon. R. C. Dale and Supervisor C.
J. E. Taylor, contestant for the nomina
tion for Assemblyman, who had rather a
Vesper. Boat Club Easily Takes the
Trial Heat on the Seine.
PARIS, Aug. 25.— The elght-oared crew
of the Vesper Boat Club of Philadelphia
won the trial, ; heat t6-day by fifteen
lengths, defeating a crew of the Nautical
Club of France. The distance was one
mile and 153 yards. The Vesper's time
was 5 minutes 15 2-5 seconds. The Hnal
heat will be rowed to-morrow.
The contests occurred on the Seine, near
Asnicres. Tho Vesper eight waa the only
American crew competing. - The four
oarcd competition followed . so closely on
the elght-oared that Trainer Dempsey de
cided not to compete in the former. A
stiff wind blew across the river, prevent
ing fast time.
AMERICANS WIN.
Tl:e first heat was won by the Holland
Club In 4 minutes 59 1-5 seconds.
The Vespers quickly caught the water
in the second heat and soon had a com
manding lead. At half the distance the
Frenchmen had enough and the Vespers
slowed up, finishing easily.
Will Meet Jackson.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 25.— Mysterious
Billy Smith will take the place of Rube
Ferns to meet Young Peter Jackson be
fore the Business Men's Gymnasium Club
on the night of September 11;
merry little scrap. Dale's ticket won it
is claimed by two to one. The Republi
cans polled 2C5 votes.
Republican Primaries at Redwood.
REDWOOD CITT, Aug, 25.— The regular
Republican delegates were elected at the
primaries to-day as follows:
For delegates at large to th« State Sena
torial, Congressional and District conventions —
W. J. Martin, J. T. Jennings. G*orge C. Hobs.
Alexander Gordon Charles N. Felton, N. B.
Lane, B. V. Weeks.
For delegates to the County Ooaveatloa— C
PROHIBITION TICKET
Santa Clara Delegates Name Their
Candidates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 25.— The Prohibitionists
of Santa Clara County met In convention
her© to-day and named «• complete legisla
tive ticket. William Kelly was chnlrmar>.
About thirty delegates were present. ¦ 'me
national platform was Indorsed. No nom
ination for Superior Judge was made,
which is practically an indorsement of
Judge Rhodes, the Republican nominee.
The nominees of the party are:
State Senator. Thirty-first District-
Robert Summers of San Jose.
Assemblymen— Fifty-fourth District. W.
H. Blodgett. Campbell: Fifty-fifth Dis
trict. A. C. Ranta; Fifty-sixth District.
H. II. Farnham.
Supervisors— Srcond District, A.W. Ken
nedy: Third District. L. \V. Rhoads; Fifth
District. II. B. Schulte.
j.he following delegates to the State con
vention, to be held at Fresno on August
2S, were elected:
J. E. Caton. A. C. Banta. John Myers.
L. B. Mallory. W. H. Blodgett. Mrs. C. J.
Clifton. Rev. T. B. Hopkins. T. McClel
land. H. B. Sheldon, Rev. A. Gllchrist.
Burt Farnum. Dr. A. B. Bishop. Mrs. H.
Whitman and Mrs. B. Sturtevant Peet.
Populist Governor of Washington
May B« Nominated by Fusionists.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 23.— The fU3iou
political situation almost on the eve of
the State conventions 13 much mixed. Th*
leadtnR candidates for Governor axe John
R. Rogers and Charles Voorhees. While
A. \V. Fawcett of Pierce County has no:
formally withdrawn from the race, it ia
understood that his failure to do so is a
desire to hold together his supporters la
the hope that their united strength will
go to some other candidate and against
Governor Rogers. Many delegates iaro
talking James Hamilton Lewis, but he in
pronounced in hla declaration that he is
not a candidate and would not accept the
nomination.
To-day (iovernor Rogers seemed to be
the leading candidate, and his supporters
and managers say they are satisfied ho
will be nominated. To-night, however,
the opposition to Rogers' slate seems to
be uniting on Voorheea. He la opposed by
Senator Turner, but seems to be In hign
favor elsewhere.
It is about conceded that Oovernor Rog
ers has a majority of the Democratic
convention. The Populists seem bitter m
their opposition to him and there Is much
talk that If he is successful an Innepen
, dent ticket will be in the fteld. The Rogers
people answer by saying they will be will
ing if necessary to have their favorite
head a straight Democratic ticket
ROGERS IN THE LEAD.
tiachapt: .Jean EyrawS. Kern: J. A- Oscden.
HuttonxvSllow; T. J. Packard. II. A. Jastro. A.
Harrell. T. \V. Maples. r.akersfUMd.
Primaries were hetd throughout the
county for the county convention, whicn
occurs September 1.
m
Democratic Primaries at Redwood.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 25.— At the
Democratic primaries to-day the following
delegates on the opposition ticket were
chosen:
For deleirate tn Ftat» antj Senatorial Conven
tion— W. D. Crow.
For delegates to the County Convention— P.
J. Foley. James Cnleman, F. II. Thorpe, \V. M.
Havey, H. Stelnberger, <». Plump, Her.ry Butts.
L P. Tifhrens. A. Hpss. Peter lK>yle. Louis
CJcnochlo J. V. Swift. John Hiiniey. Claua
Iladler.
Maria Democratic Delegates.
SAN* RAFAKT,. Aug. 25.— The Democrats
elected the following delegates to their
State Convention at the primaries to-day:
James H. Wilkins. H. J. Mclsaacs. Charle*
McNelll. James W. Cochrane. There was
no opposition to the ticket and slight In
terest was manifested.
Monterey Democratic Convention.
SALINAS. Aug. 25.— The Democratic
convention to-day nominated J. Fellz f«-«r
Assemblyman in this district. Tho fight
for Sheriff Is bitter, with J. W. Church in
tne lead.
Special Dispatches to The CalL
REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS PREPARE FOR A GREAT
POLITICAL BATTLE IN THIS STATE IN NOVEMBER
Fresno, Mendocino and Kings County
Supporters of the Grand Old Party Meet
in Harmonious Conventions.
Henry Declines to Be a Congressional
Candidate of Bryan Partisans in the
Fifth and a Populist May Be Named.
SAN* JOSE. Aug. 23.-J. H. Henry,
who has been prominently men
tioned by the Santa Clara County
Democrats for Congressman from
the Fifth District, is out with a
published card declining the honor.
The Santa Clara County delegation
will make a ftfiht for the Congres
sional nominee, but now that Henry has
declined it is not known who they will
drckle on. E. E. Cothran. Populist, but
erstwhile a Democratic attorney, has
been mentioned, as the Democrats believe
that with a fusion of.the Populists. Dem
ocrats and reform Republicans, he might
stand some chance of being elected.
There were no contests in the Demo
cratic primaries held throughout Santa
Clara County to-day, and the ticket ar
ranged in the various .Assembly districts
by the County Central Committee went
through without a hitch. A light vote
was polled. Twenty-two delegates to the
State convention, to be held in this city
September 6. and the Congressional con
vention were elected as follows:
Fifty-fourth Assembly District— 1>. M. Del
mas. J. F. Lewis, J. B. O'Brien. Dr. E. II.
Smith, Nicholas Bowden. J. P. Sex. E. C. Hurl
bert. \V. H. Johnson.
Fifty-fifth Assembly District— W. I>. OIU, T.
C. Hogan G. W. Peckham. S. E. Moreland.
V. A. Scholler. T. A. Carroll.
Fifty-sixth Assembly DUtrict-S. T. Moore.
M. Casey. J. R. Ryland. N. T. Ridrtle. John A.
Hicks. Robert Walker. Thomas Slnnott, Thomas
H. Derby.
CONTEST AT SAN DIEGO.
Democratic Factions Struggle for
Supremacy at the Primaries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN* DIEGO. Aug. 25.— The Democratic
primaries were held to-night between the
hours of 6 and 8 o'clock, and the heaviest
vote ever polled at a primary of that par
ty was the result. The cause of the Inter
est was a contest between the older lead
ers of the party, who were led by O. A.
Trlppett and L. L. Boone of the County
Central Committee, and the members of
the Bryan Compalgn Club, led by Harvey
J. McCarthy of the State Central Com
mittee. The older leaders were given the
names "Chivalry" or "Silk Stockings. 1 '
while the club men who claimed to be the
workers of the party gloried In the name
of "Shovelry" or "Brogans." The "shov
elry" carried twelve out of the seventeen
precincts and elected their delegates to
the State convention by a majority of
about 110. AH the candidates were for
Will Ilolcomb of this city for Congress,
but it was a personal contest to see who
would go to Santa Cruz. ThA successful
candidates were: C. B. Daggett. Samuel
Schiller. H. R. Comly. F. F. McCracken.
E E Capps. T. R. Grandstaff. The re
sult outside of the city cannot yet be de
termined.
PETALUMA DEMOCRATS.
Choose Delegates to County, State and
Congressional Conventions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PBTALTTMA. Aup. 25.— Democrats held
a caucus Friday night at the City Hall
and nominated delegates to the county
convention at Santa. Rosa and to the
State and Congressional convention at
Santa Cruz. The selections of the caucus
were elected without opposition in to-day s
primaries as follows:
• J. P. Rodcers and E. S. Palmer, delegates to
' Delegates to County Convention— J.'B. Conni
han and E. S. Palmer, from Marln District;
Gallant Reins. John Mahony and John Sale*,
from the Wilson District: J. F. Burn* anil
Georse Sweetman. from Petaluma, Precinct
Xo r J C. McLauRhlln. W. J. Palmer mnrt Jo
seph Ste'iRer, from Precinct No. 2; Tom Tlgrhe,
L D Gale and H. Schluchbler. from Precinct
No 3- It S. Adams. E. E. Drewe and H. E.
Lawrence from Precinct No. 4: C. Chereghlno.
C. Flohr and Georee Zimmerman, from Pre
cinct No. 5.
An attempt will soon be made to or
ganize a Democratic club.
TALK OF FUSION.
Good Government League May Unite
1 "With Democrats.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 25.— Th« Republican
Good Government League, which organi
zation has refused to co-operate with the
Republican County Central Committee,
to-day perfected arrangements for hold
ing primaries on September 4. Separate
primaries will be held in each precinct.
The convention, which meets here Sep
tember 12. will be made up of 105 dele
gates. A complete legislative ticket of
a Senator and three Assemblymen will no
named, also a Superior Judge and three
Supervisors. Fusion with the Democrats
and Populists is talked of. although many
in the league are in favor of nominating
an Independent ticket.
Santa Cruz Democratic Primaries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 25.— The Demo
cratic primaries for the election of dele
gates to the State and county conventions
were held to-day. There was no opposi
tion and the following were elected to the
State convention: Charles M. Cassin, Dr.
James F. Christal. Hon. W. T. Jeter and
George W. Newhall.
¦ •
Democratic Delegates of Kern.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug 25.— Th© Demo
crats at the primaries to-day polled 303
votes and elected the following delegates:
Democratic State and Congressional Conven
tion—George Fox, Randsburg; John Kett. Te-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900
ALAMEDAS WIN BARGE
RACE AT ASTORIA
Result of th© Chief Event at the Re-
gatta— The Victors in the Field
Sports.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA, Aug. 25,— The seventh annual
regatta came to a close to-day. The
weather was fine and fully 10.000 people
saw the races.
The principal rowing event of to-day
was the four-oared barge race, in which
three crews were entered— the Alamedas,
Ariels and Dolphins, all of San Francisco.
The Alamedas won the race, for the third
successive time, beating the Ariels two
lengths and the Dolphlna three lengths.
The Ayers boys, also of San Francisco,
were tho competitors in the outrigger
skiff consolation race, none of the Port
land men competing. The brothers rowed
a splendid race, Fred winning by a
scratch.
! The Alameda boat finished first in the
double pleasure boat race.
| The field sports in the afternoon were
witnessed by an immense crowd. Paris.
' the Seattle wonder, won the 100- yard dash.
| The high Jump went to Bert Kerrigan of
' Multnomah. In the 120-yard hurdles
•Thomas of San Francisco had things all
his own day for a while, but fell when
I going over the third hurdle and could not
j recover the ground he lost. Murphy of
j Multnomah won.
1 100-yard dash— Parts. S. A. C. won; Dam
; march. M. A. C. second; MlIHs. T. M. C. A..
! third. Time, 10 3-5 seconds.
I High Jump— Kerrigan, M. A. C. won; Wat
; kins. M. A. C. Bccond. Dlitance. B feet 9
| Inches.
j 120- yard hurdle— Murphy. M. A- C. won;
1 Thomas, O. C. second. Tlm«. 19 1-5 eeoonds.
i Running broad Jump— Kerrigan, M. A. C.
I won; Cutter, Olympic, second. Distance, 21
j feet 1 Inch.
! 40-yard dash— Paris. S. A. C won; Blumen-
J thai. II. A. C, second. No time taken.
Pole vault— Cutter won; Kerrigan and Mur
• phy. M. A. C. second. Distance. 10 feet 6
Inches.
No decision was Riven in . the half-mile run.
j in which Burgress of the Olympic, Davis of the
> S. A. C. and Wood of the M. A. C. competed.
220-yard run— Blumenthal, M. A. C, won;
Paris, second. Time, 24 4-5 seconds.
' 220-yard hurdle— MlIIls, Y. M. C. A., won;
Coman. M. A. C. second. Time, 29 4-5 seconds.
One mile— Davis, S. A. C. won. Time. 6:10.
In the relay race between the Olympics and
the Multnomah, clubs the latter woo.
SACRAMENTO'S BENCH SHOW.
Over 500 Dogs of High Degree to
Be on ExMbtion.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 25.— The Sacra
mento Bench Show entries close to-mor
row and by present indications there will
be over 500 dogs on the bench.
L. J. Hoaf and Charles Dresser axe ex
pected with over 200 dogs from San Fran
cisco and Oakland, S. C. Hodge of New-
Jersey will leave In a few days with a car
of Kastern prize winners, including J.
Gould's famous St. Bernards. Austin's
Boston terriers and bulldogs. Judge Cole
will arrive September 4 and all 1ud?injr
will be done on the 5th and 6th. Spratt's
patent will bench and feed the whole
show. The Sacramento handlers will not
compete for handlers" prizes, leaving u
over for Eastern and San Francisco men.
The society has made arrangements
with all steamboats and railroads to re
turn all dogs free of charge.
Sonoma's Fair to Begin October 8.
|
SA f NTA ROSA. Aur. 25.—At a meeting
of directors held In this city this after
noon the date for the opening of the agri
cultural fair was changed to October S.
This Is the date selected at first. The
directors had later agreed to make tn<»
date October 1. but to-day refi.xed the
original date. The committees are getting
down to work and the indications are that
the fair will be a great success. The pre
mium list will be out early next week.
Fi-ecial Dtriatch to The Call
WOODLAND, Aug. 25.-Some splendid
raolng- is promised. judRing from the en
tries, for the harness events at the fair,
which begins *rre Monday. There will
probably be some fast going. Wednesday
rpxt Dione. the speedy trotter, will be
pent against th*> track record. Following
arc- the entries for the various events:
2:10 CLASS-PACING, J7C0.
Jessi*- C. A. G. F. St!ce. L<js Anirelep: Clipper.
J <"* Kirkr'-"'trlck. San Francisco: Dadallon. S.
C. Toon A. Co.. Sacramento: Little Thorn.
James Thompson. PU-a«mton; Kelly Brlgps.
J-. H Hoy. Winters: Edna R, A. L. Conklm.
Bakersfield ; Floracita. John Snover. Santa
Ana.
2:14 CLAPS— PACING, JT30.
J:11 CLASS-PACISO. $CO0.
John A. D. Heln*. Alameda; Gait Topsail,
J. L. Smith, Vallejo; BernarcJ, W. W. Whit
ney. Los Angeles: Mollle Nurt*. E. B. Smith.
gacraro«ito; IVlle W. O. Wempe. San Fran
cisco: Lwmonia. S. II. Hoy. San Francisco;
I>e!phl, C. Whlt<-head. Stockton.
May B. E. C. Fris-bie, Yuba City: Wopolo,
"W. P. Meredith. Tombstone. Aril.; Irvington
Boy. NutwooJ Stuck Farm. I?r1nKt<in: Sam H.
J S Hodce. l'ara'lena: <?aflT Tott-all. J. L.
Smith. Vallejo; Jer?ey Lily, William Brown.
Ked BlSSC Goshen Jim. S. A. Eddy, Fresno;
Walter K. S. W. V.'ilsrn. Santa Ilosa: Teddy
the Roan. Lot D. Sloeum, San Francisco; Va
leria. Roy W. W>>odm-ard, Yolo.
2:25 CLASS— PACING. JT50.
Rey Direct. Ge,rge A. Davis. Pleasanton;
Qufen R. P. W. Hodges, Los Anjreles; Matxar
«*tta S C. Tryen & Co.. Sacnunento; Yellow
Jacket. S H. Hry, Winters: Bob. Bob Burrlas,
Re<l BlufT; Uazeila B, Alex Brown. Walnut
Grove; lhick Wiikes, I. L. Bcrden, San Fran
cisco; Cli#. Ctiarlois E. Clark. Fresno; Our
Hoy's Sister. O»crge Y. !V>liingrer. San Jose;
Harry J. Goorpe Trank. Chlco: Bay Wllkes.
Z. S. Cath*r. San Francisco; California Maid.
Matt Zahner, Rohnerville.
2:2S CLASS-PACING. $500.
May B. E. C. FrlRbie. Yuba City; Tag". Mrs.
C. B. Blr»low. Woodland; Santa Anita Mall.
A. O. F. Stir*. Ix>s AnpeleB; Mulcahey. A. B.
FprockelH. Kan Francisco; Georgle B, Nutwood
Ftock Farm. Irvington; FredericksburK. Ven
dome Stock Farm. Saa Jose; Sir Albert S.
William G. I-ayntr. San Francisco; Baby But
ton. S. H. Hoy. Winter*: The Banker's Dauith
t»>r. Willtam Brown. Red Bluff; Our Boy's Sis
ter. Cet.rpe Y. Eolllnger, San Jose; Sutter
Maid. Putl Harris. Yuba City; Cloe. Charlei
E. Clark. Fr«-!<no: Swcitzer. S. A. Hooper,
Your.til!>: Ijiana, M. Valentin". San Fran
cIr^o; Jennie S. J. Sanjfst»r. Stockton; Robt. I,
I L. Iiord^n. San Francisco.
?:U CLASS-TP.OTT1XO. $700.
Har.rl K/pnr.y. P. AV. Hode"«. Los Angles;
IV. Fra^se. Vmdome Stock Farm, San Jose;
Iran Alto. VetMSome Stock Farm. San Jose;
y.ombro. Cr-orf T. BorVfre, Ix>s Angeles: Ad
ilson. T. J. Crowley, San Francisco; Phoebe
Chiidcrs. I* K. ClawKon. San Francl»eo.
l;Vt CLASS
-TROTTING. SCOO.
Pn:"*e, A. B. Spreckc-1». San FrnnclEco; Osi
to. W. G. Durfee. I»% Ansele?; Boydr'.lo, T. .1.
Crowicy. San Franciroo; El Moro. Charles E.
Clark. Fresno; Pable Frances. Alex Brown,
Walnut Grove; Bonsallne. Santa Rof* Stock
Farm. Hants'. Hwa; Dalmont, Klngsbury tt
Hosaboom. San Franclst-o.
TROTTINn. IGW
2:?) CLASS-
Alta \>!a. I). Hcins. AIam««!a; Arron. Har
vey Boom-. Iio-Ii^: Richmond Ch>f. S. O. Tryon
& Co.. tiacrarr.«-nto; Ml** Uarnabee. W. G. Dur
fee. Los Anjrelt*; McNally. S. H. Hoy, Wln
t<rs; Colonel K It, Dan Finn, Hanford; Dolli«
I>i!lon. Santa Ro«a Stock Farm. Santa Rosa;
Juan Chlco. II. 11. Hellman, Kan Jose.
2:S« CLASS— TROTTIN-G. J7S0.
Silvion. J. D. Carr. Salina»; Bet. Madi»on,
Valencia Stock Farm. Arrowhead; Monte
Carlo, W. P. Hamner. Willows; Greyllnp.
C. P. ChamberlUi. Uo«?land. B. C; B«ile
P-atchen. S. V. Lockett, Corona: Atherine. P.
Vf. Hodden, Uoe Anpele*; Dob Inpersoll. Nut
rood Ktock Farm. Ir\ini;ton: Princess Wilkesi,
R. C. Tryon & Co.. fiacransento; Prince I A J.
R. Freeman.. Red BlufT; McBriar, L. Zimmer
man Portland. Or.; Charlie Me. A. G. Gur
r»tte. 8au Francisco; Julia S, Rosedale Stock
Farm Par.ta Rosa; Vic Scheller, George Y.
Bolllnper. Ean Jose; Cyclone. W'ilUani Leech.
Maryevtlle.
2:S0 CLASS— TROTTIXG. J500.
Alsoneta. IT. E. Mulcahy, San FVkncisco;
Mary F. Mr». William Procter. Woodland;
Eanta Anita. Star. A,- Q. F. Etice, Los Angeles;
Dione, the Speedy Trotting Mare, Is
to Be Sent Against the Track
K«cord on Wednesday
Next.
Entries in Harness Events
Give Promise of Fine
Sport at the Fair.
City.
24
1 DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S OFFER T0^>>^ /I^Ps'P^ I
1 WEAK MEN ! A^S Hi Z
§ DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S KI.KCTRIC BELT hns restored > V^&Wt U^Mj(if v>S^ ; **«^ V
K health and strength to thousands of weak men. If used a» Ii 7» b > *'SwJ ! »Sl &
y direct it Is a positive cure and cannot fail. It Rives the' lEa&W '^^l^^iP^oX S^vJ§*S A
V. vitalizing power of flectricity. without burning: or blistering. cKK-^^v fS-*&v*^ §
v to every weakened part, floveloplns full vIrot. It removes all W^^HffinmwOLvjO N^
ffi the effects of dissipations forever. I want every weak man ' 5 V' ! ? *c
8 who Is not the man he should be to use my Belt, and when he is cured tell hla ¦ i? ?2»*&'2i £
Q friends of Its wonderful effects. My Belt 13 an absolute remedy for Nervous De- -^f» &
O; • billty. Backache, Rheumatism, Stomach. Liver. Kidney and Bladder Troubles. It / CLAS $
Q Is arranged for women as well as men. and cures female weakness. I know what ' ->• J&Zsfi *
« It will do and can guarantee it. Any honest man who will secure me can have my tf\ "*BVfi8 V
¦0 Belt, and if it does not cure him he need not pay for it. Will any other concern ; #*Vi Iwf* Q
1 PROOF OF WHAT MY BELT WILL DO! §W/mH& I
% Rheumatism I3ntir»cly Cured l-i 6O Day«.
g ROBINSONS (Cal.>. Augrust 14, 1900.— After usinc your Relftwo months I can now nay I '&*&^2£&r%ffi^4K 8
Q am entirely cured, every pain and every sign of the Rheumatism havin*,' left me. I feel like t £x$£fSjffiKl*'/i&-%±r: \'
Q a different man altogether. The Belt did its work quick and sure. Refer your skeotics to f&SX\L*?Zt*J /*J?ZBi£SL* '-'
O me. Yours truly. , • p. BUSTAD. / ?>''hv>V > /"V^^ST-^
| ARE YOU WEAK? ACT TO-DAY ! Call or Send for Free Book. |
<£ If you are weak. If you have Varicocele. Lame Back. Rheumatism. "Weak '/ / V V'^^ S
Q Stomach. Dyspepsia. Sleeplessness, Physical Decline, Loss of Energy and Ambition. . Bky- \ WSisV^Kl S
O or any evidence of breaking down of the physical or nervous system. COME AND , K«M \ Vp^i."^^ *>\
Q SEE ME. OR. IF YOU CAN'T CALL, WRITE FOR MY BOOK AND SYMPTOM ' ftSjfV \ fc\S '<*lV.
Q BLANKS. WHICH ARE SENT. SEALED, FREE. X3&4\ fet&gj g
I dr i a Mclaughlin 7o 8 a «""™nosa^n c d of ss?. K iss» " I
g JL/Xl* 1TX« JHLi lfXUJU JHL U UllLllll 9 and Second Streets. Los Angeles. fe
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* IS "SH SS- BLE TWO GREAT BLACK GOODS ITEMS I
-Si *''£/ Sll K WfllST The entire surplus stock of a large Importing house has been 'ST
r- > \*\f* \tlXm\\ Si nlU I Bent to us t0 be quirkly disposed of. We secured it at a big
*Z? JfcT'X Orrrni^in loss t0 the manufacturer> but you will -be the gainer. ;•
"I fffW^Wl urrhnlNbi note these two extraordinarily rare values. |[
% ii%-^<iy *^ s "" s10 ° ChQVht S? 4 "^ " n » e '^S%Tc £
4* V "\ j£tii/&7 FOR A S7t 50 WAIST, QO r YarH for A rich material of an extra ttne weave, used *S*
tl V^A^-^Ss**^! iara TOr principally for tailor fowns or skirts: war- £9
S* \1\1V~ \i w * nav * clven you manv shirtwaist C* KQ Cheviot ranted faft black I-ondon dye; fully [2 Inches TT
YvA bargains in the past, but we ran truth- *»'••'«' *" « • wl ,] e; sponeed and shrunU: exceptionally fine /»
«2i /vvk fully say that to-morrow's offering pur- value at $150 yard. For Monday Cfc.Qc
" / <r7\. ' PtMM any waist harpnin event ever ' Yard "Ov
Jt / / >L \ I ! h*>ld in this ciiy. A leaJtne Now York *5T
| &% 0 UNPRECEDENTED WASH GOODS SALE, f
* s5€3g£&s£iiS€3£i2a££g 25c scotch zephyr ginghams I3g yard, f
* ,.» „ ,:« «„. o» ««., „„¦•.,...; SgggJiS *f
' "**'^"'^'/^ season. All of them are absolutely the best quality and fast A.
$ Bargain CO Qg for a S5.50 Waist. S?ffi 13c 2
* mm m .„, z^^ 15* wash goods 5g yard. «*
_fc Perfect rttinp: th* r.aterlal tlOtM is worth ninre than the price +?¦
•gr of th» wa'.M. Th-y are covered with fine tucks all <uvr front Another attractive lot of that heautlful American corded ;*
tack. «>e\*> and collar; flr.tflKv] in the latest lashinn. In colors Hatiste that crowded our department last Monday. These poods .££,
"g£ <'f cardinal, cerise, old row. !aver.<J»r. Muet. oyrar.o. turquoise. were selllnc at 13-: yard: the assortment consists of pretty stripes -J
~~ r.f-wr t.'ue and black, tn all sizes; g w d value at »'• .'". CO !)> * anc1 figures. In colors ot pink, light blue and lavender; j3L
«-* On op*''**! »a!e at K.ich *? *~ to be closed out to-morrow at Yard *J\* *^i
% BED SPREADS. BUCK VELVET R BBONS. $1.85 FOR AS3.Q0 PJFLIH PETTICOAT %
"2f There will be two kinds on pale O-mor- nverythinjr Is being: ribboned with bands This dejinrtment has been offerhiff s"me
_fc row- 'if ynu chcc.se either one y.'U will of Mlark Velvet Itililirm. It's a perfect wonderful values of late; to-morrow will Vj»
f.iv? nt lea— : 23 per cent. erase. The xreat demand has made lt be no exception. Our New York buyer sent ¦*
r^ 12S Hoiej-corr.h Hed«;irends. a Rood wear- si-.-.:-<-e. lr.:i we arc ready with a bis stock out to us S.I tinAles' iVtticontt; that he
TZ? tic aoaUtr. extra larff^ size. already r.t social prices for to-morrow. picked up at >:n unusually low price They ~»
* d:nT]1 i:^. }I^85C No. 2. «<> yard; regular value , , *, . ffi^h^S^SoffiS^^iS *
_ C Fr.cli^h Marseilles Quilts, exception- £* ?• V..° Jar 'l : «" t 'P ular lz ~s c - and corded ruffle, extra width, in colors ¦«
£* am- kavv qualitv. for double be !s. N o. «. 1 to yard ; re C u ar va ue. 20o. of pwJt _. Pen _ &W*Nw* navy, purple.-^
*^ iMarjBCd in ni verj- choi-e deigns: good No - '• 1<>o >' ard ; regular value. ~>c turquoise and black; would be ureat value
_<L vn'jf d tl **¦ to-morrow Cl.t)ft The^e Trices are for the best quality all at $3 00; special to-morrow at <CJ i ¦*•> TST
X? .' '. Kach Ol silk. «at!n back. Each «5> ¦
FOR MONDAY Sic OUTINC FLANNEL 6c YARD. £
JD W> will r'ae^ on na'e frr to-morrow only Co pieces pood quality Tennis Flannel, very durable, in colors of pink, &c YARD
*•' light l.liif, new blue and preen, fast colors:* worth S l-3c yard; special at 'u>\* I rtAU
% i:i:lorSO'.HnMs SACRfiFICE SALE OF NOVELTY SILKS. LADIES' BL/.CX 4
59c for $1.25 and $I.5O Silks, HOSE Ifc PAIR.
£, i^*,". S'~ l l if. n^ifeV" A pil ' K reduction sn swefping and convincing thnt we can only look for a pale A sp< . r |al purchase &
1*1% to be o^red that wUI ecli-.e all previous records in this dorartment. Tre Bilks Felected for thin nf « dwVKe,? T
. L* '— tvJ;. ,„ rale are rich Novelty Silks, desicns and r.ilor'ngs un^irnassed. Most prominent you Kast niack <V.tton W
• r -"? o ' r :^.,. T i le> ?£ will find Katln Btrtoed Tafr»ta. Checked and Plaid Taffeta. Persian Effect Taffeta. 'h**; to l« offered
.ei> <~»»«- n «~ herded Taffeta nnd Printed Warp Taffeta. Some of these beautiful silks are in ex- to-morrow at a very iSm
"Z* d.^ rcv-pre r^ect« clortve «»!« rattcrnc; others come ir. regular rleces so that any length may be; special price Thev
Z, IfJo 'deredTni had: all reduced regardless of cost or va.ue; former price » B and $150; CQ C aro full finished e X J - £.
"2* hpri;st!tcfc*<i- good > -< -' ur choice et ard *J>%jy~ tra length> doub | e
tZ vaiur- at "f-r* fl Cl'i CftD \tjivfl4 V yards BLACK TAFFETA SILK of a brilliant luster; a ~TQ/— feet; bargain !":,-» __
on sa:*, each » -s •-'*¦» lUll JlwiillAI good quality, to be sold Monday only; special at Yard O«l/V^ at Pair IOw *y
e- , —
Sir .. COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. .*
<& KEW FLANNELS NOTION SAVINGS.Has for Many Years Been Employed
as Director of the Nautical
Almanac.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.— Having
reached the age limit. Professor H. T.
Todd, U. S. N., director of the nautical al
manac, retires to-day from active scien
tific -work as the head of the naval ob
servatory, one of the most scientific posts
under the Government. He will be suc
ceeded by Professor F. J. Brown, the as
tronomical director of the observatory.
Professor Todd was grauated at the
naval academy. He served for two years
under Captain Dupont in Chinese waters
and was present at the attack on the
Taku forts in 1S3S, and at Tientsin when
the treaty was signed. He was next or
dered to duty on the coast of Africa, ana
took part in the capturing of the slaver
Erie with 197 slaves on board.
-Professor Todd served throughout tht
civil war as lieutenant and lieutenant
commander, beinp flag lieutenant of the
Cumberland at the Norfolk navy yard
when Fort Sumter was nred on. He was
in 18SS ordered tc" duty in the nautical al
manac office, continuing 1 until he became
director of the nautical almanac, which
position he held on retirement.
PROFESSOR TODD RETIRES
FROM ACTIVE WORK
now hotter than at any time since £•
entered the institution. Mr. Boutellk.
hopes to resume his seat In Congress at
the opening of the next session.
BANGOR; Maine. Aug. 25.— Advices re
ceived here by the Boutelle family phy
sician from Waverly. Mass., state that
the condition of Congressman Charles A.
Boutelle, who has-been in a sanitarium
for some months past for treatment, U
Boutelle Recovering.
The present Bishop of Louisville, Dr.
William McCloskey, was for many years
with the American college in Rome, ana
therefore has decided views on the diffi
culties between the Vatican and the Quirl
ral since 1S70. Whether his feelinss on
this question have prompted him to sup
port Father Bouchet's attitude asrainst
paying extreme honors to King Humbert's
memory is not known, but the fact that
he sustained his Vicar General's conten
tion leads many Italians to infer so. Arch
bishop Martlnelli enjoys the right in the
country of disciplining any priest or pre
late for breach of duty, but since the pres
ent action of Dr. Bouchet is no infraction
of the moral law it is evident that neither
himself noohis local superior, EJshop Mc-
Closkey. will Incur any severe penalty.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.— A protest has
been sent, to the Papal legation by the
leading Italians of Louisville. Ky., against
the recent action of Very Rev. Dr. Bou
chet, Vicar General of that diocese, in re
fusing to conduct a solemn mortuary ser
vice in honor of King Humbert's memory.
It says that Father Bouchet had con
sented to offer a simple lov.' mass for this
purpose, but declined to hold any more
elaborate service.
to Perform High Mass in Honor
of Humbert.
OBJECT TO ACTION
OF FATHER 80UCHET
Italians Protest Because He Refused
did not think the commission now prepar
ing a report would advise a new route.
While disclaiming definite knowledge on
the subject, he was inclined to think that
a proposition from the Nicaragua Govern
ment to coirs had already been made. He
believed that, rather than not have the
canal built, the. Nicaraguan Government
would accede to almost any terms made
by the United States.
10 o'clock this morning. He proceeded to
the office of Thomas Dolan, and after a
brief Interview with the gas company's
president went to the residence of Mr.
Gibbs, the Eastern Pennsylvania member
of the advisory committee of the National
Committee. After a short talk, Mr. Gibbs
re-entered the carriage with the Senator
and they went down to the Drexel build
ing. The conference lasted from shortly
after 11 o'clock until 12:30. When it end
ed, Senator Hanna and Mr. Gibbs repaired
to the Union League Club for lunch
Senator Hanna plunged into the sub
ject. He made, perhaps, one of the frank
est expositions of the condition of the
party smd of its need of funds which has
ever been put before a gathering of men
who were not members of a national
committee. He told of his visit to New-
York and of the work which has been un
dertaken there. He candidly admitted
that some of the strategic points of the
campaign have already been won by the
Democrats, dwelling particularly on the
efforts which the Bryan management has
made to influence the labor vote through
the Instrumentality of labor unions
CHICAGO, Aug. 25.— United States Sen
ator Fairbanks will shortly begin a cam
paigning tour under the auspices of the
Republican National Committee which
will embrace the States of Kansas. Col
orado. Utah, California, Oregon, Wash
ington. Montana,. North and. South; Da
kota, Nebraska and Illinois.' The time
after the return will be spent speaking
In Indiana. The dates of the speeches
will be nxed by the central committees
of the various States. The first speech
will probably be in Kansas on October
27. The cities to be- Included in Senator
Fairbanks' itinerary will be Denver,
FAIRBANKS WILL SPEAK
IN WESTERN CITIES
"If a Republican says imperialism is
good, you ask him why It Is; if he says
that the Filipinos belong to us. ask him
how we got them. Demand of him an ab
stract of title to the Filipinos and he can
not show even a quitclaim deed from
anybody who ever had any authority
to "give it." .;¦¦:•¦ s
"If a Republican tells you that the trust
is a good thing, ask him why the Repub
lican platform denounces the trusts: and
If he Fays the trust system Is bad, ask
him why the Republican party allowed
more trusts to be formed during the last
three years than had over been organized
in all the history of the country.
him why he has been saying for four
years that the tilver question was dead if
it is such a live question?
"If the Republican says that the gold
standard is good, ask him why Mr. Mc-
Kinley sent a commission to Europe to
pet rid of that question, and if the- gold
standard is bad enough to justify a Re
publican President in attempting to get
rid of it; ask him if it is not too bad to
keep it merely beta use England wants us
to keep it and because English financiers
•ire the cause of our present financial
system in this country. When our com
mission went, abroad France wanted to
help restore bimetallism; "the laboring
men and farmers of England wanted to
help, and it was English nnanr |u < who
prevented the accomplishment of Iff pur
pose of the commission and who through
the Republican party are dominating the
financial policy of the United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 25.-Senator
Marcus "A. Hanna, chairman of the Na
tional Republican Committee,' to-day told
a gathering of representative Philadel-.
phians of the pecuniary needs of the Re
publican National Campaign Committee,
and declared that this city must furnish
at least $000,000 for the furtherance of the
interests of the party immediately. In
prefacing his statement of the amount re
quired, ho reviewed the entire campaign
and said the Republican party was novc-r
in more urgent need of funds. Those at
the conference refused to say what .de
cision they had arrived at. in regard to
Sena.tor Hanna's request, but it is under
stood that they will-take prompt steps
toward raising the entire sum he asked of
them. .. •
Senator Hanna reached this city before
REPUBLICAN PARTY IN | :
URGENT NEED OF FUNDS
Alleged Anarchist Is Arrested in
Omaha, but Released for I*ack
of Evidence.
OMAHA, Aug. 25.— An anarchist who is
employed in the smelter in this city, it I»
said, announced to one of his fellow
workmen this morning that he was going
to kill William J. Bryan when he came,
to attend the Jacksonian picnic this after
noon. The police were notified and at
once hegan to scour the city for the man
and arrested him an hour later. Ho is
William M. Williams, a Welshman. Ev
ery precaution is being taken to prevent
anything happening to the candidate
while in the city.
The police this afternoon released Wil
liams. They believe that tho information
denouncing Williams was irresponsible, if
not malicious.
. . t • ¦ . .
Salt Lake, San Francisco, Sacramento,
Portland, Tacoma. Seattle. Spokane and
probably Missoula, Miles City and
Jamestown, North Dakota.
ACCUSED OF THREATENING
TO KILL W. J. BRYAN
OMAHA. Neb.. Au^. 25.— Mr. Bryan j
made two speeches here to-day, one of
them in the afternoon and tho other In
the evoning. He spoke on both occasions
at Syndicate Park and under the auspices [
of the J&cksonlu Oub nf this city. There \
v:as a large attendance upon both
speeches and applause was fre<|iient*ar.d
Central. The speeches were made from
a rude platform, of which the boughs of
the tine trees of the park were the only
covering. Thi.* stand fated a rather steep
hillside upon which the people stood and
6at, the increasing elevation lending to
the place the general effect of a huqe
theater.
In the afternoon meeting Mr. Bryan
¦was preceded by Webster Davis and
James R. Sovereign. He was not heard
until after 4 o'clock and he spoke briefly.
He devoted himself to a considerable ex
tent to State politics, urping the fusion
forces of tb¥ State to make sure of the
success not only of the electorial ticket,
but of the menj'oers /if Congress, United
fcLates Seiiaiors and "the State ticket as
well. Mr. Uryan said In part:
•'Jefferson used to Fay that vigilance
was the price of liberty, and I believe that
the greatest danger that we have to fear i
in thi* country «s that the people may not I
carefully study and fully understand ihe
questions upon which they are voting; for
ther* is a partisanship that i^ too apt to
turn raon away from the truth or to make
them refuse to listen to any one except
thosg who bear their own party brand.
We are to-day discussing important ques
tions and it is essential to the welfare of
the rountry that those shall be elected
thfs fail who stand for the policies which
are best for the Government. If Kepubli
c&n policies are right, then thoce who re
present the opinions held by Democrats.
l J opu::sts and Silver Republicans ought
to be overwhelmingly defeated, for there
ig a difference between Republican poli
cies aid ours in their terms as wide as
the gulf that separated L<azarus in Ab.-a
ham'f! iiosom from Dives. The policies
for wh'oti our people stand are directly
ELntapor,:stie to the policies for which the
Republican party stands, and bo,th cannot
be right."
He referred to thp Republican policy in
the newly acquired possessions, saying
kmong other things on this point:
"The Republicans say we want a 50
tent doJSar; they have given U3 an S5 per
crnt citizen in Porto Rico."
Referring to the importance of the elec
tion nf United States Senators, Sir. Bryan
Mid:
-I want a Senate that will be in har
mony with the Congress and with the
President if v. e win this fail. If we had
bad a Popuiisn or Democrat in the Senate
m place of John M.-Thurston there would
have b*en no war In the Philippine Isl
inds, because that one vote would haye
been suflicient to have carfied the Bacon
resolution, and I do not believe that the
edmin'Ftration would have carried on a
war against the majority of the Senate.
I must you to fee] interested in a victory
for our principles and ko to the polls ancJ
rote for a legislative ticket that will send
to the Senate men who stand for these
reform principles." i
In conclusion he suggested a series of :
Huestions for his hearers to propound to
:tuir Republican friends, as follows: i
"If any Republican tells you that the
money question is the question of para- :
eunict importance in the campaign, ask ] '.
BRYAN MAKES TWO
SPEECHES AT OMAHA
"Every one would be in a state of
fear. Commercial dullness would suc
ceed the present commercial activity,
and ire would again witness that in
dustrial paralysis which character
ized the years of ? 93 and '98, when
the question of what was to be the
standard agitated the public mind."
"Efftct?." he continued, "would be de
plorable. Nobody would be able to meas
ure accurately the influence upon his ov/11
iiffsirs with f-uch (jovcrnm^nt action.
The Secretary said that the effect
of this would be most disastrous on
the credit of the country. The alarm
that would be caused would lead to
the presentation of greenbacks and
treasury certificates for redemption.
The g-old reserve -would soon be in
vaded, business would be depressed
and industry checked and revenues
of the Government would be much
diminished.
"There would thus be established a cir
cuit of silver out of the treasury into the
hand? of the people, from the people intu
the banks, from the banks into the cus
tom house and into the hands of the col
lectors of internal revenue, and the Gov
ernment, properly speaking, would be on
a. siiver bas-is."
cates and all disbursements made by •:
would l>e made in silver dollars or silver
certiorates.
"The announcement by the Treasury
Department of its purpose to pay silver in
settlement of all interest on the public
debt r.ot specifically payable in gold and
to make its daily disbursements to ita
creditors In silver would stop the inflow
of gold, or at least very largely diminish
the payments in gold and correspondingly
increase the payments into the treasury
of silver and silver certificates. It there
fore might be anticipated that with a
good deal of perverse ingenuity the time
would come at no distant day wnen ail
the revenues of the Government wouki
be paid in silver dollars or silver certiri-
"There is no doubt Mr. Bryan could
order his Secretary of the Treasury to
make payment in silver of all public debts
payable in coin and for all current dis
bursements of the Government as well,
which amount to a million and a half f>
a. million and three-quarter dollars a day.
That he would give such an order, too, is
very certain, if he is of the same mind
that he was in 1S96, for he was quoted as
paying: "If there is any one who believes
that the gold standard is a good thing,
or that it must be maintained, I want
him not to cast his vote for me, because
I promise him it will not be maintained
in the country longer than I am able to
cet rid of it.'
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON. Aug. 25.— Secretary Gage to
day, in repiy to inquiries which
have reached the Treasury Depart
ment, gave out a statement, showing
what Mr. Bryan could do to break down
the gold standard if he should be elected
President. He said:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
By Breaking Down the Gold Standard
the Nebraskan 'Would Cause
I>ullness to Succeed the
Present Commercial
Activity.
INDUSTRIES CHECKED,
REVENUES DIMINISHED
Silver Theory Put in Prac
tice Would Have Disas
trous Effects.
GAGE ON
DANCER OF
BRYANISM
r ±i±±. bAl\ ixiAxSOio^O AJA-L-L, £{JJSL*A¥, : * AlJia-U&T U«, 1 UOO.
Cattle Butchers'TJnion Unable to Se
cure a Satisfactory Adjustment
of the Wage Scale. .
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aug.- 25.— Twenty
thousand packing-house employes in the
big cities of the country may be thrown
out of employment on September 15. The
Cattle Butchers' Union is unable to secure
what they consider an equitable i ad
justment of the wage scale at Kansas
City, and Omaha packers demand a cut
to correspond to the scale at the former
point. This means a reduction of about
$3 per week in wages. The unions em.
ployed in packing-houses are said to be
supporting the butchers.
President Donnelly of the Amalgamated
Meat Cutters and Butchers Workmen of
North American of Omaha has spent con
siderable time here and in Kansas City
recently, preparing the butchers', unions
for the proposed strike.
There are about 100,000,000 sheep in Aus
tralia,
STRIKE THREATENED
M PACKING-HOUSES
has just returned from those countries on
the completion of his mission. An inter
esting feature of. , General ¦ Alexander's
work Jay in the fact that his labors on
the boundary questions- were the cause
of a close survey of the line of the pro
sosed Nicaragua canal. He said that he
General Alexander Thinks the Cen
tral American Eepublic Will Ac
cept Almost Any Terms. ,
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— General P. Alex
ander, who was appointed by President
Cleveland arbitrator in the boundary dis
pute between Nicaragua and Costa Rica,
NICARAGUA ANXIOUS
TO HAVE CANAL BUILT
25
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Specialists
tj tor
Ipf. J
\Pi\ ft S TRICTLr RELIABLE.
Dr.. Talcott & Co.
PRACTICE CONFINED TO
DISORDERS OF THE MALE.
BY FAR THK GREATER NUMBER OT PA-
tler.ts. spckins relief fcr sc>-cnll<tl weakness,
are stream, ir.'bjst men In every; otjier re»peot.
Our theory that Loss of Vitality, Prematurf-
nens. etc.. are not weaknwises. but the symp-
toms of Inflammatory i>rcce!«ses in the Prostate
Gland (so-oa'led neck of bleitder), rauswl by
contracted diacrdors and early dissipation^ ii
new belns adopted by the leading sp<viali3« of
the world, ar.d that bugbear. "Weakness r>t
Men," Is removed from the list of Incurable dis-
orders. Kven the layman can understand Ihut
tonics cannct cure Inflammation, and these case*
under their administration, ko from bad tt>
worse. Under our local plan of treatment, di-
rected toward reducing the enlarged an<1 swollen
l*rostate. Immediate rrsulta. as Indicated by in-
creased circulation anu renewed strength, is ob-
served. Our colored chart of the organs, walcti
we send free on a?;>itcation. 13 Interesting tj
any one wishing to study the anatomy of th»
male. «
Offices and Hospital. «ntlr* upper floor.'
997 Market St., Cor. Sixth.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE _^?95E???LL^^^' SS^SSHSH^L^^^^I^^^^^^^E^-J?^??? 117111 * I THE E3IP0RnjM - I THE EMPCBIUM.
g Important Shoe Sale— Beeinnnc Mordav morning and all the week, w« I MWftW IE KBfl^SiS S N i P^ f D °—wt? Our Millinery buyer returns from Ntw York to-day, brine ns many 3
I S^^^.iaSS^'.TJ^.^-^n^^ %7,° a Zyuo PILfeUsfJSX^ Outol^ «^ £" ™ « *" *- - «««.-^ «» new. §
X» *¦ j.t« ? i „ ~ :. _ ? «# tso *<n cq Qt% I ¦ i „ j "agwBcagffi BtEltlag t»St\ <r.<a S%r m /1 *»J _; pattern nats. • t K
£ t to-da*e atyleg— prices gf.O» IP & J.JO \ rea .jy Monday, caufornlvs largest-America's grandest store. Showroom. J_ £ x
i «. Tf ° m BSS ESS F¥ ~ _J1 Jl Cr% " n f&H C "2
1 1 /o|§\ Half Ppme a M$fW JBk Mfi^£^i^M£^gM t-r?\ToVG^% b; loir rfffrsit VT - a I
ii- \^\'UA^ Tuesday and Wednesday. Too , , t . , •' , . * prineipa' minufjctnrew only. 'at agre'at x2£AO I «
* drnr many colored dresses. We need the most modern, the best ventilated, brightest, most pleasant shopping reduction frOTBrepihr prices. v£®i\W *
k O A the room for new goods, so for place on the- coast. The. floor space covers about 400,000 square .feet. The |^jSnfiSvfl?iS ti'.oo : *
S l\% \ three days all present stock of frontage of the store is 275 feet, its depth 370 feei. Parlors and waiting room, $^'oo wood cinb's. this week.""$7*5? \^v^ 'S
S // & \ half re r d i-f r T e " (n ° blaC! ° at lavatories. Children's Nursery, Emergency Hospital Information Bureau, Postof- f^S ?a?& £X ||;Sg %^v x
*" / 7 -''I \ Si'Tai^rD^^aow 35 00 e Station, private telephone rooms, Western Union Telegraph Station, 'Barber Shop, h.^ cma* Ba&Z.ZZZZ.Z"..$i.75 //%^\ S
il^/if I \ Ili^^J^iP^SIf-lg Ha'r Dressing Parlor. Restaurant, etc., are among the many conveniences. A Grand SSJSS^S %l% /- Vm I
* I M \ ?2) Tailor "Dns«es!!r.*.'.".V.'.'.'.!!.'$/o«So Concert is given every Saturdav evening at 7:30 by the Emporium String Orchestra Goif Tee Paper, 10c box kimTa «« &&-- j^P *
S I \ ?25 Tailor Dres S es..ZZ'.'Z.5r/2.50 and i amou^ works of art are exhibited free or charge in Attraction Hall. Everything rJf^wS; v;~- •••••: 15 ° ~^n~ 3
i ?, -S**——s S3J Tulcr Dresso? . <j-il • u* »j- *.<_ - j Uo!f T^a Rubber, reenlarly oe, 3 for 1UO "2
ij- — ll\ Tajor DreMM^ES^Sroo to eat, dr:nk,\wear or use in your home is sold in this mammoth store at depart- $1.00 capt.ve Goif Ban. th»we«L 75o 3
1 jC second Fioor-Front.' " ' '"' ~ * men t store prices. Our twelve Eastern buyers repcr: verv large purchases of Win- Ipf?, Go:f p Pr t ct o& M i? in B e "r; $3 '%t «
! r» ... , j t <• • "t 1 1 • 1 otc acore cook, itoc» itc cook for oo «.
!»* &££ (r*&nif*<&*x& &s*i ter Merchandise, and tha-. thev secured much of it way below usual prices — that A?rippa Golf Ba.u, regularly $4.00 a dozen, now $3.so %
« <**z~Er&&*, $&>"% means that otir special sales .wiil be mare attractive than ever. ? l r n1^ Golf r B^ l3 i J r r i galRriy , ?4 - 5 *^ e J n - now 5o'?n "5
i §¦ £M7<p»/»-i<rN(F/?T»w/7 /^SB a* *" - i _______________________„___ Diivor Iowa boll Balls, regularly $4.00 dozen, cow $13. ou *<g
i a B$f3£euis£B&l\79 «£* « a&) £2t \ ~) *»»»»¦ e <m iS«a b an Rjt trsm am _¦*•»_> Sportlnsr Goods— Second Floor. X
? Our?2 23 RovJl Dnchesse Co«et &!&&& B$3*®®& &€>&$&„ lffl(@W&igy F&II &S$fcS* $
jj for extra long waist figure, made hM 7^^M\ 0u- stock of plain and novtlty Blac'c Goods for fall 193) u A brilliant display of new Taffetas and fancy ,. -. -- .. . *?
• »' of double warp Italian Cloth in / \ about complete. We have bought none but the be3t makes, autumn novelties in Silks. tiBW r3ia UttaQFWQQPm X
!& black, three side Steels, high PrieatleyWooda predominating. The handsoms new fabrics Sole Neom!e—I 3 the very latest novelty wabt Silk; it has a W& ar , a(rgntK inr t t lg Ctlchrihid S
S bust bmiitifiillv flnwd ind 'i%M\(/' ) n t D Pi ?J. 5 ar , e « h - |e . adir K n y v f ie ' of l , he . se . ason ; beautiful rich finish and comes in solid colon onlr, anch as /^^ v£f»fr>n a CeLbr.Ld •
ft BUSt, CCauMully flossed and |fry 44-inch B.a.k Pierola-Made of wool and mohair, ,n a larw gobelin blue, red, white, gray, navy and black, per yarl P(fW YpStlanti Vnderwar. X
!& trimmed with French edging", 5- y§f LJ^VV va-i»-ty of en* 're! v new fall pattern?, per yard $1.5O J '*" $3.BQ mT Ladies' fine quality jersey ribbed Merino Ve3t3 «
'g hook, 13i-inch ciasn, Size3 18 to | MiSulWr' 44-inch Black Pierola— Silk and wool very bright and lus- pn SS e and Braid^d'Effocta— la VfQ7rraoee'oif'tbe*'iiew fall 2rf&\ and Pants. S P ri CJf neld make. Ves:a high neck. 5
IJS 30' regularly S^ 9 5— to-morrow Y'f^^fr trtns, tx-iuisite new de.Mgne, will make the swellest kind of shading for street and evenin? costume:, per yard ffiffivf^ lon^ sleeves; P.inta aakie length, French yoke *
' t '¦- r.nl- & Cf /CO v ast'po'- ccB'iimfl. per yard 52.UU ; >; ; $1.25. XI.OO and 75o vHili/'/S-^ banis, excjilently finished and will not <$
j v oaijf Vim<OZJ 44- nch Btack Pierola Silk and wool, very elaborate patterns. pn e t de Sole— A new weave in plaia Silk with a soft finish M~&£? shrink, colors creim. whit* and natural, per >£
i ii ,„. _ _ _«. _ wnl maki u? into effective calling costumea and separate like Peau de So e, all the new co'ors, per yard $1.OO tffintfV^ garment -$1.25 -»
|| GolosresS BiresB ® oasis. >^^i^^^^^M^m§^&^m^m^^^ 11
5 An early showing of advanced au umn styles. The sensible. so fashionable for tailor suits and separate skirts, a splendid 9j-">O, iajJ,MS, OjC, rupiins,* I.OO, Uiicnesse. 8y'., I l't •'.''/ and long sleeves. Pants ankle lengths, French -J
j 5C healthful short Fkirt will be worn by everybody th B fall and showing of them, in prices, per yard, from Uepe de Cntng, $1 .OO, and Panne Kelvet, fl .pO. VjU y yoke band, colors pink, sky, cardinal, black "5
I $ winter, and the big store ?hows tho largest Ftock of materials • $1*QO to $2*50 — ; • — vV'( and turqu>ise, per parnant $1.25 X
ig with which to rcake them now in the citr. We hnve thepl>id — — £&¥ KT^^f^fV^. V*':'! Ladies' Wool mixed jersey ribbed, fast black £
i |C backit, checked back-, p'ain Lacks and shrank Melton Cloth, B3B t '@SS GOOttS rZ&tttn£8PBtSm w *"^ <^f© rp-^^^ \l Equestrian Tights, aak!« or kceelongth. open %
\i t>^ffiv:,s l^wbi^ 1 ss£ s t .25 x Ur^^T\V:ri l^vt^r7i % M Oiovos. -\f wff w
if^'iT: vuii r> l u . ,. , " a 4 cr% barcams that are bargains— ttemnants 01 plain colorea T ,. , .... „. -.i. , « c~^^^. II /Wi I ssf ui 1 n t irzm. «s
* fo! n \ h B Ie!t °\ C °p' . eav - T * eI ? h > {" :•-• T"S2'§2 good -cloths, serges, Venetian, etc., plaids and home- Ladltt3 K:d Gloves, with two patent * 2
g "f l - rC t *L evereih ' e Go.h p.a.d andc heck backs y ard 6 f'75 Fpnos-Rimnants of 'Black Serges, Cheviots. Pim>las, c asps and one row silk emb«id- >^^g^U^/ *
Jt o2-inch Rever3 ble C oth, a splendid qua ltv, made of stindara P K . m.; e( . cL ; r , n j „,„? ian<Tfha ->n xf,n,in,, ere ° backs, .1 good fitting and «S^^r-iT'^ «
1 tf > i. • t 11 » j i- ¦ u j j or* nr> (j:e?cn?, ets.'. Waist, skiru and suic lengtns — on ilonuay . ,, „, b , **,, , „ *t^i 1 ¦ ' c
ift Australian wool, well ?courad aid finished, per ysra.&Z.uu ' .' ... „-— „.„ _. . __ serviceable Glove, coiori black, tlh ¦ j / ]]) _- „-, . c» '*•—. A
|fe Venetian Cloths-We Opw tho best va!u»s in the argest red 7d ?i s- Gne~tgU3»8*tCr Off brown,, tans and modes, and all 1 1/ % NOW flflerCQHZQti SUitiHg. X
¦g variety of staple and n ? w colorings Beautiful shade, of - " mz3s in these- colors; the mannfac- / An entirely new production in cotton fabrics for suit,, wrap " 3
ii' FJ'nirjr S2x*Zr--*f%ff GTE *> to r-r /n G r~ We show a pretty line of while or colored with pretty borders Gloves wi.l be B*U?%* \J~ , '^
ij *»8w t~ramess t eaansssm m , ubdued pattern8 for men O f qu i et taste, and bj.der ef- 1 ~ — — — *
f? Finette T-Ai'.Ied Suiting Flannels — Co'orinKs exact rmrodu-itians fects for th..s- who wish them, eacr- 25o and 50c n§£*3¥Jp* ff&U wrtP*bffl&BB $!*&&- QBattSOSiif M£3 ffflOvm i}f*}f*s '%
;% of th 9 fall ieagsn of the innort-d French F.a-.ne's, S4 Paitridoe Sticks Those pret y light canes maie from Part- q "' <W3 | & .' . WW ' 1 ' «P» ' v&Ba%&%29t BWJ US & 3 ILjr B%JF*mm 5
ft 1 inches wiie. verv styli h. washable wrapper and suit nr>*«- riJjre wood and now so popu.ar, trimmed with sterlinz eilver . A manufacturer's samp'e Hie - 60 > pi*C3*. 1 yard »ong, 30 _ p .- «•„„„- . n i Tn< ! i-.n. TV »rtnl p;.,^p»- „„), - -2
' rial, nearlv 100 different styles, per ya-d: Wl? or Toiid silver handles, eacn $1.5'J to $3,00 inches wide, of heavy quality, beautifu iy patterned Velours !^\" c f 5( f, c "v our Sr nrko >5c-on 4&** '5
5 Witn whits motat handles that look like silver, each....$*.<i0 Tne best off. ring that- th 9 big .tore ha* jver been ab'e to 1^1 P ,n'fv n.-^ P ISC X
IS- ¦¦ ~- pm^ n * --^ - M Consro Ca:i-s and oth?rpo f u ar woods, each. 25c to $S5. OO make in thU cl .ss of goods- worth regularly 75c -- iionaay oniy, pe. co?^
I &* •py^T^, eHQVJSSu k*62ifVf(3S3F*m Neckwear Novelties— Some of the earliest productions for Fait each, tomorrow, Monday **• * G
I^^P i^^^i^i^mg^m I fi?awes* Trimmings. Nbw r->>l Sivles *
X \.T'/ Neckxveir have jast ro-ne m by express, for- stripes in msny colorings— Imperials. Teck =, Bat Win? Tiss Plisse Velours Crystal-Norehy for millinerjT 22 inches wide. f¥«W F +ds* i£S>CjfS*3» jg
** \rt warded by our N«w Y<irk buyer in advance of and Bind Biws, ench 5OC biaok a-i'i white, per yard 75o fO3* StTSaSi BOWSm X
&" /1\ the rfguar shipment. Amon-; them ar : New Bath Robes- Cut full aria long so as to completely en- New Spangfed Net— Entiraly new designs jast receded, b.ack * ' .J
' a>° /r*f\ a =«-oii **o.»^frr.»T,^ «f*i , J n oipr-mVn-c i •* veloD the body; la rge f ull hoo is and cord and ta 'no Is at both and white, 27 iache* wide, r>«>r yard..... If that boy of yours 13 a ruthless jifS—^ *5
li? /••'."A neck and waift; made of extra quality toweling ia fancy pat- \$L65, $1.75 and S2.OO destroyer of clothes, bri^ him /Jfe %
li t ••/M T.rJl ? B hn-n ! n n *\Z g terns, each $2.5 j, $3.00 and $3.59 Clack Span 3 r c d Motifs-Pretty ornaments which are sod sep- here. We'll outfit hia with a suit LfJ\ x
|tf /.•..•l <t \ worna? snown mpcu.e, eacn ... „ Turkish Rubes «. S5.00 and $7.50 arate.y fjr mil.inery and dressmaking purposes, the»e come that* 'will stand the racket," an I /£*« fif J
\K /•'•.'LV 'V""!'" ¦*¦"¦*; "^ocro/o^ Finest quality Wool E dfrdowns $7m5Q aad &tiJ.QQ in leaf, rosette and floral designs and sell, each you won'c have so mu-rh to pay as T-*^?' /V<^? S
U \« '•*(*/ Cre?e de Cblne Scerfs, tassel eids, in al of - 2QOg 35c and SOo you formerly did. f>r we aeil E ood U^>/V X
H \'."7 th* . 'ending co o-isiri *aci 6Sg M&W £8ir % &S2GB o \f Boeros end Reveres— Just in by express, made of heavy cream dothin? at drpaftrmnt stonpricss. /££&// <*??\ «
j t' \*'.l Newest effocs in Lace Barbes,iw> yards iong. . V *•*:?•*««« iac?, each $2.00, $3.50 and $4.50 New Fall style Vestee boils for /v>P> / hff (\ %
I *- fVl Honiton App iq-jei, while or ecru, in a variety Irish P, i it Lace Curtains, 3J yards by nO inches 35. GO Real Batteiberg Collars and Reveres — In cream only, pach... boys 3 to 10 yeirs; jacket has tho / X(o c2{ li \\ <5
•ST j/\| of patterns, each $1.OJ New heavry fringed Portieres, 3 yard* by 47 inches. ..>i?«oO St. 75 new coat collar, open vsst, either /^ »£v» / \A
" . 0 iintal Couch C>ver^, 2J newaty.ea $2~5O to a&.QQ Lac© Department— Main Floor. ' "" * single or doable brea3tod, ia si'k \ o/j-.-o j y /3ep •*
5 «ar «rf / a^ j. Lice Bod Set8, 12 new styles $5.00 to $15*UO — ~ .^«_l^_. or doth to match th> snit. *4r*^&W L *
'~ trZI£S 9 Sd!!£iZ8!it*®—<*'(i0£&8*B$®Gg&'-~ n D?nim=. mm colorings, yard Z 2Oc . Sv3e2ZSCSt3 &S3.^VSd tron^rs trimmei at k.ia • w.th "\ \\ *
\h — » ¦ Punted and P, am Burlaps yard ..25c m GSi $foe*a» 43gT i r>f x <G: br .id aad buck e—thase suits aro \\ \\ L ILJ -«
$ frSBfiGSfS. Double faced Hungarian C oths. 36 inche*. yard 25c fi-C*j,«F.i>. ZaU&nS. made of bins serge and cbevioH \l|\J / | is
X &*" Art Ticking plain colors, 24 inche3, yard. 20c /^^ It is interesting to watch the and fancy casiimeres in all shidss Hr H J X
|* Large Fall stocks are arriving now. We require Djnble faced Danimettes, yard S2ho and f So /J^^5^^^^^5=^Pi Mexican Carvers at thoir work and colors; they come from N*w I {!
* more room for the new *rood= hence the^e hitr lne ?- "2 incheB Wlde ' deh " tel y colored handsome pat- W^^§^3^g(?ffla^LO in the rotun.li. A large as- York's best nak<j;8. and ara tho H -H "?
moreroom tor tne new good., ftence these big terns for Comforter, per yard 100***12*9 Ul^:^MM^ Bcrtm-at cf Maieaa hani- beit values that can b3 given for <^Ufe |
jtf cuts m prices on present Stock: Silk finished Sateens, best qualities, 36 ir.chos wide, yarJ..,2ttC carved 'at her ccoK in ex- th- Drice 3
| & Jrgrain Carpets-All woo', in choice patterns, the _ — . qnisi.e deigns, now on dis- P $S.QQ W «
£ T J£X^R™£p'* 1 "f^,; SmSS^ ';;¦; t a 7 Hangffo&irCfoi& f&. -**^^S>^ , ; , tl sale . New Fal , Saltor S«t» of a.:-wo ol B no Serge, for ages 8 to 10 §
ft Tapestry Brussc.s-Fme quality mo- ern patterns border; to Purses - Oc t0 ?5^ Perwlrers , each iV ....... 25c yea rs; its makers olaim it to b 3 the best snit <»- -- §
g, matca, parlor, dminjc-room or library effects, worth . .. — : — c^*-?^ G.ove Handkerchiefs are card Cases SRc to *i.7S Ch«teiair.e ykz**\.JZ to 8:t.oo fa America to retail at GOmUQ'%
| 7 c per yard enr price now. ... fr &G J^= / 8^? .he latent. Th 2 y are Ci E ar Cases to »4.*o Carv.d Belts 7Sc to Ul Ammca 1 0 reU,^^ -- "--£—^+X*»£ %
I g. In'aid linoleum-6 feet wide.r.ewfst patterns and - Q. i&fyi MSf ' "S3 and trimmed wi"h The lateet fad in Veilings is a nvdvm size mesh with conven- J'!:,* i'f-1 S rX. „".'„ " J ' &&.4S ?
&* de 5?n<. many of them, our price, per square yarl $#i^d /&'« *4 "a «O*=4^ pretty lace, each.^Sc tional designs in Fmall dots; all Pars is wearing them now; TJrall Ovorfoat* f«r ,»ZTT Vo"Vr""V«V>. -^JVi X
g A Rug A.peciaLpnrcLecfSOO^v^Ru^a.wooi, Ladlj.' Go.ored HaodWer- onr first sh.p.ent has Just arrived, per yar^ |
&' O MMA .' A F f"npe d both ends gooi patterns that are *^ I chiefs, in great de- , .JBO to j>£.VU ' ' servicaabla and a Bnleadid 5
K ZtpeCtat. rever-ible, worth $2.75 each, our „_ mand-plaid*. stripes, polka dots and embroidery effects in B'ack and White Vet ings ia dozens of dainty an 1 pra-ty do- ¦ coin, we« oaae ana serviwawe ana a epionwa v
&; prjc» Monday *&Ka7r5 both hemsti che'd and lace trimmed, each 25o signs, per yard 3Gc to $1.25 vame al w ****
Perlcr Table — Farcy shaped top, 15 inche3 i-qnar •, go den oak ~~ ~. ~~~ — if
I 'ZZ^.I^JZ^fi&S^ *?%i %@®neisty p ® Qroeery s?ras# Lie§sa®p Qftiermys. « - - I
&' u \"6'"l "r "',*' V***!." ::'r"T" *??'** Hour-Emporium Whole Wheat, quality Clairette Soap -Male by the Fahb inks •»<»*«? *EB V&U X3ZZ! Jtfm J
» Hat Kock— Golden oak, has a prettily designed Fren-;h plnte !) -. - . c aKfat1K 'j guaranteed— 50-lb sack 83C Cj., none better for laundry work, Mon- a very excellent quality of heavy, round thread bleached 5
S minor a box for overshoes and stand forum- | 4^ Suaan "cu% a \ day, 7 bars 25c Sheeting for conbb beda, 81 inches wide-a 2jc •-— i
< ft . brsllas, G feet 10 inches high, price &*8k4£& u i |* >> ffi^^ Fm"or^ Rice -Choice Japan, Monday— 6 lbs.25c quality-on special sa'e Monday or.l/— per yard ITGr
i c^x^ttpfp^^- t $!%?% mm gusli \ . boi " e ¦ 67 ° »**««.¦ i
£» can be paced under a bed when not in a re __, Uiu ' \ price— bnt ounng ll»e J J r ,^ ,. Zinfar.deJ Claret -Oar popular 50c per An u * d u ¦ d v f * -r +. S
5 §i,5Q qU HA f). entire week *"° are f°- I Back Figs— Very choice— Monday. 10-'b ilon de Monday 33o AU Hat Bozvi, Hair Bows. Scarfs, etc., mad$ up $
SlupboYsie^iR^^^ I Xf/o, // mg t> give onr cus- J f ack ! 23c '*" ' ••—-•- "" gnuis when riblons are purchased ke re. x
'X seat, tapestry cover, high back, fancy spindles. _ \ V^^/ tomera the benefit of a J Sugar Peas -Golden Rale, new crop; per G '"eer Ale— Gantrell and Cochran'a, Bel- The newest fad in ribbons is a beautiful fabric of Panne satin «
ft.; worth *S.ro, now J , large contract ord^r j dczsn can?, Sl.40; each SSc fast imported, per dona, Mondav....^.- with rafeed cut ve vet flowar patterns in Dresdea effect; fa *
* Bedroora Sixite-3 pieces, golden oak finish, bureau has a < paced before the aavanreinprices | • $J.45 f c i inche! wide an d selli per yard £/,££•-
t beveled plate mirror, 24x30 inches; the c.-binet work in this g «™ f-t 1 f SI&2 1 Pinefl -PP le - Johi;8on 8 nGW S'»ce-Monday^ R „.„,„,.,, ... ... Reversible Satin and Reversion Liberty Silk Ribbon from 4 to $
K s *t is first-cias-s the finish good, th 3 price ,©- o — - p " ams posing B & 2*w g rer can.... 2OC Neglee Brandy-26 years old, white lab 9 l. 8 inches wide, in a large assortment of rich pastel colorings; 5
* extremely modern &$3,7S j t:m * Satnru 2 y PoU ntS.l Asparagas-Hickmot's new Crown A- "ga.ar.y $1.50 bottle, Monday..*#^5 {n bdt3j b(jwg aa P d m5Uiaer7 J
if Second Floor— Rear. EfMJSaaK^LaJE^rfc?^<a^«g'.^»J»gH;' i a53 paraguj, can 25o Main Floor— Rear. poses — per yard £50 to 750 \
IV ,»«-««•«.», ¦ ¦¦ X'The Chinese Minister at London says the whole
secret of the Boxer outrages is simply the trouble of
governing a great and ancient people. The Minister
may be surprised to discover that his people will be
neither great nor ancient after the other fellows get
through with them.
The gentleman who tried to explain to a local col
lection agency that he had paid a debt and for his
pains was thrown out of the office with a bath of ink
a broken nose and a general assault will probably de
cide to cheat his creditors.
The sensational litigation over the Townsend estate
indicates somewhat clearly that if one cares for his
reputation he can find a more congenial occupation
than interfering in the affairs of the dead.
George Gould is in Paris determined to save the
Castellane baubles of luxury, from the pawn shops.
The Count, it is understood, is not among the articles
to be saved.
The people of Goodland, Kans, who cut a dead
robber to pieces a few days ago for ghastly souvenirs
ought in common decency to change - the name of
their town. Perhaps Badland would suit conditions.
The Presidio officer who, in a burst of conviviality,
insisted upon removing his uniform, will probably
find it easier than he thought to accommodate himself
to a new suit of clothes.
If the National party has no other value in the pres
ent campaign it has at least that of consistency. It
is in sympathy with no political organization, not even
itself. ;; ¦/ /. " -s^A-V .::•¦•;¦;-;-¦•¦¦¦• V *
. — .
The Oakland watchman who played physician and
killed a man with morphine ought to be sent to a
school of medicine or to a place of detention where
he will be out of harm's way. •;
And so General Ferdinand W. Peck will have to
pive back the decoration of the Legion of Honor.
Uncle Sam is a stickler for republican simplicity even
in these degenerate days.
There is one marked peculiarity about
most men who stutter. When they be
come excited the only thing they can do
to recover their lost speech ls to singr. and
when in anger their most fluent mode of
community is through profanity. Not
long ago a boat which sailed from this
port had on board a sailor who stuttered
under all circumstances. He was excit
able In the extreme, and at critical times
it was almost impossible for him to say- a
word. The mate of the vessel was a tall,
muscular fellow by the name of Barnabas.
His peculiarity was that he always kept
himself busy, and that when he had no
work of his own he would do the work of
tnesaMors. One day he was busy along
the rail and the stuttering seaman look
in* th"t way saw him lose his balance
and drop into the lake. He ran in an ex
cited wav to the captain and was tryingr
to reooVt the Incident, but could give vent
to noThins more intelligible than a suc
cesXn of sputters. The master divined
from the. look on the man's » face that
something was wrong and shouted out:
"If you cant say it, d-n it. sing If
The sailor took two hitches In his trous
ers whistled once, and droned out in a
sln^ S "Ove7bo y a : rd l3 Barnabas.
Half a mile astarn of us."
—Cleveland Leader.
A SAILOR WHO STUTTERED
Alfrefl Fritzel, waiter In a cafe on Broad
street. Elizabeth, N. J.. entered a huge
ice box for some purpose and accidentally
pulled the door to. He could not open It
from the inside and exhausted himself in
kicking at it. Then ,he fell on the floor
and was not found for an hour. Three of
his toes were so badly frozen that they
will have to be amputated.
wt miamand ) Laura P. Howard of Wash
i«5n,; Dl C n- on . S2Om ln a lawsuit
h? HV2 a railroad for Injuries sustained
y .1 ' P oward - &nA now there is to be
w n t lawsuit to see which one shall
nave all the money.
ls believed to be a Viking corpse
f^t t et i d "^J u P »n a peat bog at Dam
i?«^? r (i ln Schle , sw1g - and Placed in the
Kiel Museum. It Is well preserved, and
has red hair; it is clothed in coarse wool
en material, with sandals on the feet.
Kiel experts think it was buried 1500 years
ago. , , .
«« E^ e K I 7 body J Df the male s ex has to fight
&th if J?ftf n the drason "hows Hi
t^kPn iwP'&T 8 ? re wante d children are
!S g ba f ?t r ie t arrfy 1 . m messenger are 1Ined U P
McKinley is reasonably sure of a ma
jority in Pequea Township. Lancaster
County, Pa Rev. Daniel Rhine*. years
old, lives there, with his five sons five
tons-in-law and thirteen grandsons, every
one of them Republicans. » «>»wjr
tuSIL 6 ?? 9tor of a Ba P tIs * church in Em
porla, Kans., was attracted by a noise in
the sacred edifice while passing the othe?
afternoon. He entered quietly and found
three sacrilegious youngsters using the
baptismal fount as a swimming hole.
iJ^ ritlnf v£ rom a^ shlp en rout e to Cape
Nome, a Thayer (Kans.) man says: "This
Sunday morning Rev. Mr. Scott 1
preaching a sermon up In the bow. Down
iSd^ff S » U £, POke , r f^ 6 ls the attraction
ana aft • a dance is in progress."
In the first six months of this year J974
more Britishers emigrated than for the
corresponding period of last year The
total, number was 73.13S, of whom 47.374
canio to the United States. Canada gets
7747 and South Africa about the same
An accomplished talker is sending wat
ermelon stories to gullible Eastern pa
pers from Kiowa, Kans. One of his yarns
tells of a melon. so big that on being cut
in two and scooped out one end was used
for a bathtub.
Matter of fact announcement In the
Mexico (Mo.) Intelligencer: Walter Dan
iels, the colored minister, was released
from jail yesterday and permitted to wor
ship with his flock yesterday.
FOR CALL READERS.
Mamma— Now go and say good-night to
your governess, like a good little girl, and
give her a kiss. - "
Little Puss— I'll say good-night, but I
won't give her a. kiss. •
•Mamma— That's naughty! Why won't
you her a kiss?
• Little Puss— Because she slaps people's
faces when they try to kiss her.
Mamma— Now, don't talk nonsense: but
do as you're told. ¦ •,'¦.¦
Little Puss— Well, mummy, if you don't
believe me— ask papa !— Punch.
WHAT WILL THE HARVEST BE?
I "Glad to see you, Mr.— Mr.— let me see,"
said the affable host, extending his hand.
"Your name Is — I have -such a wretched
memory for names— Smithers. is it not?"
Now this had happened, three or four
times, and the guest had grown tired of it.
"Yes, sir." he replied. "Still Smithers."
— Chicago Tribune. ;. -
NO CHANGE.
THE HORRID MAN.
Bill— I'm making money selling mice.
Jill— Whom do you sell them to?
Bill— The professor of music iri the next
etreet.
Jill— What on earth does he want mice
for?
Bill— Why, he uses them for trying the
voices of young ladles. ,
Paddock (In disgust, after the numbers
are hung up)— Lobster Salad fourth. Darn
the luck anyway. And I played him three
ways. too.
Mrs. Paddock— With so many horses in
the race, dear. I think I'd have played him
at least five ways.— Brooklyn Life.
ENOUGH TO DRIVE HIM MAD.
"Would you start out on a journey on
Friday?
"No, indeed."
"Why are people so superstitious?"
"But this has nothing to dp with super
stition. I get paid on Saturday."
WOULDN'T HAVE THE CASH.
Johnnie (who is Just beginning to read
the papers)— I say, Charlie, wot's a "run
ning mate?"
His brother— It's paw when he gets maw
cornered in an argument. — Philadelphia
Inquirer. ] ¦ jv-";
A GOOD DEFINITION
Ki^T TALENTS.
"What you gits out'n yoh talents 'pends
on how you uses "em," said Uncle Eben.
"Many a time a man's girs o' talkin'
doesn' 'complish nothln' 'cep to make hla
se'f an' a lot o' yuthuh men folks late fob
supper."— Washington Star.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
California wine properly labeled and properly ad
vertised ought to win in the American market. Our
people are not such fools as to judge wine solely
by the labels. " It is said that a wine which with a
California label sells for 50 cents a bottle can be' sold
for $3 a bottle if labeled St. Julien. The man who
makes the profit is the New York dealer who shifts
the labels. It will certainly be worth while for Cali
fornia winemen to save that amount and a course of
well-placed advertising would probably do it. Good
wine may need a bush, but it should not need a French
label. •
The evil of the practice is that it works an injury
to California. It discredits our wine to the extent
of making it difficult to sell it at a fair price under its
own name. The wine that has bcenfalsely labeled ad
vertises France and not California. .It serves to con
tinue the Eastern belief that this State cannot furnish
wine fit for the finest tables in the land. Thus it in
jures us and advances the prestige of our rival at the
same time.
Just how to remedy the wrong is not clear. It is
said the Eastern people will not buy California wine
labeled as such and since there is no way to force it
upon them it is nothing more nor less than good busi
ness sense to adapt ourselves to the demands of the
market. There is, of course, good ground for that as
sertion, but on the other hand it has been proven over
and over again that if a people will hold to the path
of straight honesty in commercial matters it will
win in the long run. American beers bore German
labels or names for a long time, and then there was
no repute for them; but of late a considerable num
ber of breweries have made a reputation for their
own brands and now some of those brands are sold in
Germany itself.- Why should it not be the same with
wine?
OUR WINE flND FRENCH LABELS.
A PRETTY study for the exercise of debating
societies is to be found in the practice which
prevails to such an enormous extent of selling
California wine under French labels. The pros and
cons of the subject are many. Is it dishonest to sell
good wine under a false label? If a customer prefers
that label and is willing to pay for it. has he not a
right to it?
HIGHER educatioon in California is advancing
by leaps and bounds. The number of students
seeking admission to the State University in
creases so rapidly that the provision made for them
at any one year becomes utterly inadequate for those
who apply at the next. University extension in a dif
ferent sense from that in which it is ordinarily used
has therefore become a paramount issue at Berkeley.
It is nota question of sending forth the faculty to carry
university aspirations to the outer world, but of pro
viding for the housing and the instruction of those
who throng to Berkeley itself.
In the freshman class this year there are 650 stu
dents and in the higher classes there are larger num
bers than before. The increase in the number of
students over that of last year is nearly 400 and the
total attendance this year upon those colleges and de
partments of the university established in Berkeley is
in the neighborhood of 2.300. That is a notable mem
bership. It would reflect credit upon any university
of the oldest and most populous States in the Union.
In a commonwealth so young as California it is a
record of which to be proud.
Before we make too much noise in the way of
boasting of the increased attendance, however, we"
must provide adequately for supplying the require
ments of a university with so large a population.
There are serious needs at Berkeley for nearly all
kinds of university buildings. To that subject the
alumni, the Native Sons, candidates for the Legisla
ture and munificent citizens should give attention.
There is ample room for each and all to do some
thing. Liberal appropriations from the State and
liberal contributions from private munificence can all
be wisely and economically used at Berkeley just now.
A people rich enough to send so many young men
and women to seek a university education should be
rich enough to provide accommodations for them
when they reach there.
THE CROWDED UNIVERSITY.
PERSONAL MENTION.
H. M. Kutchim, who is connected with
the Treasury Department at Washington.
Is at the Occidental. He has been In
Alaska, looking into minor details con
nected with th© adjustment of th© cus
toms service.
Conrad Triober. one of the best known
letter carriers of the city, will leave on
the overland train this afternoon as a del
egate to the convention of the National
Association of Letter Carriers at Detroit.
Mich.
J. H. Kuhns, assistant general store
keeper of the Santa Fe Route, whose
headquarters are at AJbuquerQue, is in
the city for a few days.
Captain J. C. Morgan and wife of Sun
derland, England, are at th© Occidental.
They are completing a tour of the world.
George Pope and Thomas Gilbert,
wealthy merchants of Brooklyn. N. Y..
are at the Palace, i 1
B. Buchanan, a mining man of Great
Falls, Mont., accompanied "by his wife. Is
at the Palace,
Lieutenant Claude C. • Bloch of the
United States ship Philadelphia Is a guest
of the Palace.
O. O. "Webber. District Attorney of So
noma, Is registered at the- Lick from
Santa Rosa.
H. B. Dougherty, secretary of th© Ven
dome Hotel Company of San Jose. Is at
the Palace.
Charles Kohn. a prominent liquor mer
chant of Portland. Or.. Is registered at
the Palace.
Dr. Ney Churchman, a prominent phy
sician of Portland, Or.. Is a guest of the
Palace.
C. Whit© Mortimer, British Vice Consul
at Los Angeles, is a guest of the Occi
dental.
Thaddeus Sheridan Fritz, publisher of
the Forward Movement Herald. Is in the
city.
Dr. Lu Ella Cool expect* to return from
Nome In November.
Dr. Joseph F. Siler of the United States
army is a guest of tha Palace,
P. T. Sutherland, a mining expert of
Denver. Colo., is at the Palace.
John Ragglo. a merchant of San An
dreas, is registered at the Grand.
George S. Sacrett. a wealthy rancher of
Ventura. Is registered at the Lick.
Joseph Baum. a prominent business man
of Colusa, is stopping at the Grand.
Henry E. Carter, a well known attorney
of Los Angeles, is a guest of the Grand.
A. L. Levlnsky, a prominent attorney
of Stockton, Is registered at the Palace.
The importance of the issue lies in the determina
tion of decent Republicans not to submit to boss domi
nation nor to vote for the tools of bosses as represen
tatives of the Republican party. A convention con
trolled by the better dements of the party can name a
winning ticket, but a convention dominated by Her-
Tin, Crimmins and Kelly can do no more than dis
grace the party and lead it to defeat. Men of the type
of Dibble and Wolfe will not be supported by good
Republicans, even if they be nominated. The issue is
tip to the returning board. The gentlemen who com
pose it have the right to count and are expected to
count right. They must make no compromise with
corruption.
Thus there rests upon the returning board the re
sponsibility of hearing all the evidence that can be
brought forward by either side and gathering from it
the truth of the situation. Nothing should be done
hastily. Nothing should be done unfairly. In a full
investigation made with justice to all honesty will win
more than corruption and therefore it has no need to
appeal to prejudice or to ask snap judgment upon any
point of controversy. Decent Republicans expect the
returning board to prevent Herrin, Crimmins and
Kelly from profiting by their frauds, but they do not
expect the board to deprive the conspirators of d
single vote that was fairly cast for their tickets.
Of course, decent Republicans cannot and will not
consent to surrender their rights to such domination
as that. They will not submit to a convention whose
members obtained office by cheating, repeating and
ballot-box smashing. The loafers and hoodlums of
the slums, rounded up by the Democratic bosses as
well as by those who pose as Republicans, cannot be
permitted to take control of the Republican party of
San Francisco, elect tools of the Southern Pacific
Company to the county convention and through them
name the candidates of the party who are to represent
Republicanism in the coming campaign.
Ample evidence can be furnished of frauds com
mitted by the tools cf Herrin, Crimmins and Kelly.
It can be shown that among their supporters were
the rounders of both the Republican and the Demo
cratic camps, that many of these men voted many times
and that their repeating was frequently done so
openly and boldly that the election managers of the
bosses could not even pretend ignorance of it. In
some instances where the bosses knew they had been
outvoted, in spite of all their tricks, the ballot boxes
were broken and fraudulent ballots mixed with the
good.
The returning board represents the Republican or
ganization of the city. It should be impartial, honest
and fearless. It has to perform a duty at once im T
portant and difficult. It has to give to the bosses
all that is due to them, but it has also to give full
measure of justice to those who at the primaries up
bield the honor and the integrity of the party. To un
tangle the rights and the wrongs of the opposing
parties is going to be a perplexing task, but it can
be done if the board adopt right principles and follow
them unswervingly from start to finish.
I I AD there been an: ong intelligent Republicans
-_t.\ uu bts Of 'he wisdom of the County Com-
* 1 ittcc :: appointing a committee of eighteen
to set as a returning board to canvass the votes cast
at tb<- primary iele<?»on on Friday, such doubts would
h^ve been dissipated by the actions of the bosses and
their gangs. Freed from the restraints of law, those
disreputable elements of society perpetrated at the
elections about every form of trickery, fraud and vio
lence known to the worst class of American poli
ticians. As a result the leturns from the various polling
ji'aces are now in utter confusion and it will require
sagacity anj firmness on the part of the returning
board to bring order out of chaos and do justice to all
concerned.
£R£UbS fIT THE PRIMARIES.
Let The Call publish the names given
by each Judge last January and the names
of the members of the Grand Jury now in
session and let the readers of The" Call
judge for themselves. At the same time
The Call might publish the membership
of each of the grand juries that have been
selected in this city during the past ten
years. Such a publication by repeating
the names of certain persons who have
proved themselves serviceable on so many
grand juries would expose the corrupt
ring which has controlled our courts and
city for so many years.
Why should the Grand Jury system,
which possesses so much power of good,
be stigamatized as a failure when the
human instruments appointed to carry on
its work are failures? Rather, should
not the Judges who appoint notoriously
corrupt and improper persons to serve as
grand jurors be denounced as failures?
Can any citizen safely trust his life and
property to the decision of Judges who
prove themselves so unworthy of the con
fidence of the community?
E. P. E. TROY.
San Francisco, Aug. 25, 1900.
A few of the Judges whose honesty
shines as the brightest star of hope of
suppliants at the bar of justice name only
citizens who have the confidence of all
who know them; and even the Judges who
name the most objectionable characters
sprinkle their lists with good citizens. But
are such names drawn for the Grand
Jury? Only a small minority.
keepers of notorious saloons that cater to
the vilest and most degraded element's of
the community; men of wealth who re
present the corporations controlling the
public utilities of the city, and whom
dame rumor charges most plainly with
corrupting our public officials and besides
produces every moral evidence to sub
stantiate this charge; pawnbrokers and
money-lenders, whose business is at the
mercy of the public officials they are
charged to investigate; notorious follow
ers of certain scoundrels known as poli
tical bosses, whose sole business Is cor
rupting the body politic. On one list there
were not only two ex-Supervisorial chat
tels of a corrupt political boss, but also
the boss' brother-in-law; and the proprie
tor of a notorious place.
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
- • have as communications of general Interest.
Editor Call: Your editorial of to-day
upon "The Grand Jury System" Is one
that deserves the serious attention of this
community. If the Grand Jury in other
States springs from the same source as
it does in our city, there should be no dif
ficulty In locating the disease which af
flicts it. . Here in San Francisco the
trouble is, plainly, with a few shining
exceptions, the corrupt condition of our
judicial officers. . The Grand Jury has
duties to perform, and powers granted it,
which are unquestionably of benefit to
the State.
The question of secrecy is one that
offers grounds for dispute, but it does
not touch the main issue. Of late years
it has become fashionable in certain cir
cles in this country to question the utility
of various of its institutions. Xot only
do we hear this belittlement of the Grand
Jury, but even the petit— the triai jury
has* been attacked and suggestions made
that it be abolished and the question of
fact as well as of law be left to the decis
ion of a judge. We are told that we are
outgrowing the Constitution and that the
right of self-government is an old-fogy
notion. In fact if the advice of our critics
be accepted, every bulwark of the insti
tutions of our country which shelters the
liberties of the people will be soon wiped
away.
Let us examine our Grand Jury system
In San Francisco. In the month of Janu
ary of every year each of the twelve
Superior Judges In this county selects
twelve persons whose names are put into
a box and, when the presiding Judge di
rects, the County Clerk draws from these
144 names sufficient to complete the Grand
Jury. Can the jury be any better than
its source? Whom do the Judges select?
In the list submitted last January I found
ex-members of the Board of Supervisors
who, while on that board, rained most
notorious reputations for corruption;
"Why should, the Grand Jury system, which pos
sesses so much poiver of good, be stigmatized as a fail
ure when the human instruments appointed to carry on
its ivorlc are failures?" — JE. P. E. Troy.
OUR GRAND JURY SYSTEM.
the manuscript stage Mr. Barrie
sold '-the rights" to John W. Lovell. who
in turn sold them to the United States
Book . Company. This company copy
righted and published the novel In 1891
and has published it ever since. But John
W. Lovell and the United States Book
Company got involved in litigation,
whether with themselves, with each other
or with somebody eise is not clear. The
courts of New York and New Jersey have
for years been experimenting with differ
ent kinds of oil, hoping to find some mix
ture which they could pour upon the
waters troubled by John W. Lovell and
the United States Book Company to the
end, intent and purpose that the said
waters might cease from troubling and
might be forever at rest. At last a spe
cific was discovered in a mollifying ollfl
ant «known as the Publishers' Plate Rent
ing Company, which in some mysterious
but entirely legal way has not only
soothed down John W. Lovell and the
United States Book Company but has also
absorbed them and all their works, good,
bad and indifferent. Among these works
(indifferent good) is the copyright of "The
Little Minister," which the said Publish
ers' Plate Renting Company claims has
been illegally dramatized by Mr. Barrie,
he, the said Barrie, having no more pro
prietary rights to said "Little Minister"
(as the said plaintiffs claim) than has
Reginald de Koven to Donizetti's music.
The said Publishers' Plate Renting Com
pany therefore applies for an injunction
to restrain Charles Frohman and J. M.
Barrie aforesaid from further performing
or causing to be performed the play
known as "The Little Minister," and com
plainants moreover petition the United
States Circuit Court to compel said Froh
man and said Barrie to account to them
for the gross receipts from said play since
the 1st day of January, ,1897; said receipts
being estimated at the amount of one mil
lion dollars, gold coin of the United States.
A very pretty quarrel; one, moreover,
Minister" had not passed beyond
SHE first scene in what promises to
be a legal "cause celebre" has Just
been played In the United States
Circuit Court at Chicago. It is
claimed that when "The Little
SUNDAY.. AUGUST 26, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S, LEAKE, Manager.
JM A X A G K 5^J^^£^^XX-UZ^55^S^-^3^-32^
rtBUCATlOJI OFP2CE..Mnrkrt *n& TfctrA, S. V.
Telephone »*re»« 201.
CDITORIAX, ROOMS 21T <• 221 Jteri-Mon St.
Telephone Pre»i 2O3.
Delivered br Carrier*. IB Cent* Per Week.
SI nrle Cople*. 5 Cents.
Teraa by Mall. Including? Poiiaicei
DAILY CALL (Inciadlnff Sunday), one year .....M-M
DAILT CALL (lncludlnc Sunday). < months S.08
PAILT CALL Cncladisr Bunfiay), S mcath« l.M
DaTLT CAlXr-Ey Elntfe Month 85c
fl'KDAT CALL One T>ar ~ ~ 1-W
WEEKLT CALL. On* Tear - 1-W
All p»tliu»irr> are nnthorlie4 to receive
• ahKcrtptlons.
Simple ccpl<* will be forwarded wteaa nqnetted.
Mall rubeer!ben In ©rtertns cbanr* of addma should b»
particular to iclve both KEW AJTD OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct ootnptlaoc* with their request.
OitlLA.MJ OFFICE .1118 Broadway
GEORGE C KROQNES3.
Menager Foreign Advertising, Marquotto Building, Chicago.
(Let* DlftUM Tttephoo* "Cectnl 2S1V)
XEW TORS CORRESPOKDENT:
C C CtRLTON. __.„.. Hermld Square
XXW TOSS BSPRB8ENTATTTS!
STEPHEN B. SMITH M Tribune Building
1TBW TORK KEWB eTAXDB:
TFfcteorf-Aftorla Bout; A. Breataso, n Ualaa Btun;
itBTTmj BUI KotoL
CHICAGO NEWS BTAKDSi
ebarcsaa Boom; P. O. Netra Co.; Great Mwtberu Hotel;
rresaoct Hobm; Anlltartam Hotel.
WASHMtfGTOH (Q. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
that is likely to afford endless amusement
to the public and endless fees to the law
jtrs. I should not like to give a large sum
for the Publishers' Plate Renting Com
pany's chances 0"? getting any considera
ble amount of that million Oollars. Mr.
Barrie. if he Is like most of our craft, has
probably spent his share; a large portion
of Mr. Frohman's has gone in salaries,
and from the balance, with the assistance
of Messrs. Howe and Hummel, he will not
be easily separated.
The moral and literary side of this case
Is almost as amusing as the legal, and re
solves Itself Into this question of casuist
ry: Can an author pirate his own work?
* • •
Time was when the church was te"acher
and the stage pupil; their positions are
now reversed. The stage now attacks
problems, moral and immoral, more ef
fectively than dees the church; a favorite
actor enjoys a social position more distin
guished than that of a Bishop, and may
not unfairly be said to rank with an Arch
bishop, or even with a brigadier general.
Many modern churches are built with a
semi-circular auditorium In imitation of
that of the theater. Parsons take lessons
from actors In elocution, and even Invite
actors (such as Mr. Herne) to preach in
their churches. But the crowning gift of
the stage to the church Is the roof gar
den, which has been adopted by the Cen
tral Christian Church of Columbus, Ind.
Says the Dramatic Mirror:
"The garden is roofed over and storm
shutters are available in case of need.
There is a movable stage— 'platform* it is
called, presumably to appease conserva
tive and old-fashioned members of the
congregation — and the garden is used in
warm weather for 'services, social gather
ings and concerts.'
"The novelty of the plan has excited
imitation In other cities, and churches
both in St. Louis and Chicago already
have begun work on similar lines. It la
not likely that the entertainment provided
by the projectors of this new style of roof
resort can be less interesting than that
now furnished in the regular professional
establishments, and it will possess the ad
ditional attraction of free admission."
• • •
Munsey's Magazine for August contains
a well written forecast of the New York
theatrical season for 1900-1901. It looks as.
if the managers were discounting the bad
business that invariably accompanies the^
turmoil' of a Presidential election; they
know that boys under 23 would rather
walk in a torchlight procession than go to
the theater, and if the boys don't go to
the theater the girls can't go either. Why,
then, provide expensive entertainments, to
which people won't turn out, when cheap
ones will just as effectively catch what
business Is a.-golng? Verily, the manager
is wise In his day and generation.
There are absolutely but seven an
nouncements of any importance. Mr. John
Hare, one of the most delightful of Eng
lish actors, brings his own company, in
cluding Miss Irene Vanbrugh, to the Cri
terion In November. He will present
Pinero's latest comedy, "The Gay Lord
Quex." the play that raised the wrath of
a Scotch M. P. (who confessed that he
never went to the theater) and led to an
animated debate In the House of Com
mons. The "Rose of Persia." Sir Arthur
Sullivan's latest opera (libretto, alas! not
by Gilbert) will be presented at Daly's m
September. Mr. Sothern Is going to try
"Hamlet" an apparently hopeless at
tempt for a man who has never risen
much above the level he reached in
wishy-washy plays of the "Lord Chum
ley" type: Maude Adams Is to appear In
Rostand's "L/AIglon." and to be foltow
ed(!) by Sarah Bernhardt In the same
character. Augustus Thomas' "Arizona."
after an eighteen weeks' run In Chicago,
is to be tried in New York and that is
really all. for Mr. Miller's plans ar« not
yet announced.
Operatlcally, the prospect Is brighter—
certainly for us In San Francisco. Mr.
Grau has promised to visit us in Novem
ber with Melba. Eames, Nordlca, Dlppel
and Van Dyck.
Between the departure of Mr. Miller and
the arrival of Mr. Grau. wo shall have to
depend almost entirely upon Mr. Frawley.
Is It absolutely Impossible for him to *ive
us something both worthy and new?
Everything he has presented thus far baa
been well done. but. oh! for something
that Is not red with the rust of ages!
• • • .
In his third article on the "American
Stage" (Pall Mall Magazine) Mr. "William
Archer has called attention to the fact
that the American drama has taken no
lead in what he calls our attempt at "na
tional and local self-realization"— an at
tempt in which the novelists have cer
tainly carried off the honors. Yet »ome
thlng has been accomplished by Mr. Gil
lette ("Secret Service"). Mr. Thomas ("Al
abama " "In Mizzoura." "Arizona") and
Mr. Herne ("Shore Acres. "Griffith Dav
enport"). In the direction of such studies
lies our hope of something that shall be
of permanent value to our stage.
"The tendency of both press and pub
lic," our author declares, is to discrimi
nate against native plays and in favor of
foreign. 'Cyrano de Bergerac' is a
wonderful piece of work and In its right
place — on the French stage, in the French
language — no one admires it more than I
do. But it sickened me to see all America
crowding to see it, while a noble and mov
ing American drama, like James A.
Herne's 'Griffith Davenport,' was played
to the most meager houses.**
THE CALL has recently undergone a libel suit
for a quarter of a million dollars in a case
in which it had sought to defend society against
the type of a class that preys upon it. Our motive
was stated at the time, to be solely a desire to protect
the innocent from unspeakable sorrow and degrada
tion. We took the -most searching and extraordinary
precautions to verify every word that we published,
and even hesitated in the publication, in the hope
that knowledge of the existence of the evidence
would deter the party concerned.
This proving insufficient, the publication was made,
not with the view to sensation, which we abhor, but
to warn all raiders on the innocence and peace of
families that their trail could be traced and their ex
posure effected. Women are susceptible of abuse
through their affections, and " these, in men and
women, are not often under the control of reason.
The cold-hearted simulator has always found there a
field for either the filling of his pockets or the grati
fication of his lusts. Perhaps society has no greater
enemy than this class. When their arts breach the
walls of reserve which protect it there is no limit to
the exploiting of their designs. The results are told
in broken hearts and blighted lives.
As we have denned the place of a newspaper, it is
a member of the social state, with no lower function
in morals than the pulpit itself, and through its su
perior command of publicity, with a greater power for
usefulness, provided it be controlled by purity and
courage.
In the case now concluded by the verdict of a jury
we acted upon that belief in the rights and duties of
the press, taking the responsibility and proceeding
with the greatest caution. A rule of law, salutary in
its purpose, deprived us of the direct testimony of the
witness whose knowledge of the facts was the greatest,
and who had broken open the grave in which her
sorry experience was buried, to give us the story that
saved an innocent member of her sex from a fate
probably even worse than her own.
To her is due the honor and respect of men and
women. Herself the victim of wiles plied with match
less art, and a grievous sufferer, to go over the tragedy
of her life was another martyrdom, but she accepted
it with resignation, unselfishly to save another. Her
courage and sense of duty should impress others in
! like circumstances, to the end that the ravages of these
: beasts of prey may be limited to the destruction of
their first victim.
Some incidents of the trial are of peculiar interest
to San Francisco. The attempt of an attorney to
save his client by the bold declaration that, if all tarred
with the same stick were barred out of society the
clubs and churches of San Francisco would be de
populated, is either true or untrue. If approximately
true, it only serves to emphasize the need of a news
paper that will deal with that line of social offenses
with a clean pen, but in a fearless spirit.
It is not what its author intended it to be, a defense
of his client, but an indorsement of the press and
pulpit which will dare to enter such a field as he de
scribed and purify it by timely and truthful exposure.
We do not need ~o say that the charge may also
serve to advertise to the free ranger in immorality
that here is the place for him to thrive. But we warn
all who take it in that sense that they will find The
Call undismayed by libel suits and threats of personal
reprisal and ready to do its duty to a community
that contains as large a proportion of pure homes and
upright lives as any in the world.
The verdict of a jury, hampered as it is by the im
position of every possible legal technicality, vindicates
us in this view of our duty and protects us in its dis
charge. The award of one cent to a plaintiff, who did
not venture to testify in his own defense, is a very
small patch on a character that he regarded as worth
$255,000, the sum for which he sued. When such as
he are forced to submit themselves to the judgment
of a jury which represents the instinctive decency of
this community, and is mindful of its oath and the re
lation thereto of its social duty, just that same dis
count of $254,099 09 may be expected to be the result.
1 Th|E PENNY VERDICT.
It is important that the courts should be protected
in the honest discharge of their duty. Not even an
editor with a grievance should be permitted to abuse
them under cover of his acknowledged privilege to
criticize and correct. The editor of the Mail was
never punished for what he did as Harbor Commis
sioner. He should be thankful for that and hold his
tongue.
In this instance he abuses Belcher because the latter
made an imperishable record of his misdoings
and in the discharge of his duty denounced him.
To give currency to such articles without the accom
panying reasons for their publication tends to degrade
the press. We say this <or the benefit of the editor
of the Mail as well as for the benefit of other journal
ists who may be tempted to wreak their vengeance
upon judicial officers who expose them.
We do not wish to be understood as objecting to
the efforts of the editor of the Mail at this time to get
"even." Judge Belcher will probably be a candidate
to succeed himself at the coming election and un
doubtedly he anticipates meeting opposition from
many litigants who have been disappointed at the re
sults of their rascality as presented to his court. But
we submit that in exhibiting his particular wounds
the editor of the Mail, as a journalist and the trustee
of a public trust, should append to his lampoons of
judicial officers an explanation of the sources of his
spleen. *
During April, 1898, Judge Belcher had before him
two cases, viz.: Irving vs. the Board of State Harbor
Commisioners and the Paraftine Paint Company vs.
the same defendant, one being for an injunction
to prevent the Commissioners from awarding a con
tract and the other being for a mandamus to compel
them to award the contract to the lowest bidder.
Both involved the proper conduct of the business of
the Harbor Commission, of which the editor of the
Mail wai then president. Considerable testimony
was taken at the trial, a synopsis of which was pub
lished in The Call ;it the time, and in deciding the
cases Judge Belcher handed down a long opinion. It
should be unnecessary, in view of what has already
been said, to add that in his decision the court re
flected severely upon the editor of the Mail. lie
found that the editor in question had bee^n running
the Harbor Commission in the interest of |i few con
tractors and politicians and against the interests of
the State, and he said so in unmistakable terms.
As the critique of the Mail is intended for a lam
poon, we are compelled to inquire into the cause of it.
We trust our contemporary will pardon us for looking
between its lines, since we do so in the interests of
honest journalism and not for the purpose of defend
ing Judge Belcher. That jurist, indeed, needs no de
fense in such a matter.
We are not called upon at present to comment at
large upon Judge Belcher's view of this "problem,"
but it seems to us that it is eminently rational and
worthy of consideration. The publication of the
article, however, appears to have given particular of
fense to the Stockton Mail. The editor of that jour
nal is unable to understand why Judge Belcher should
have obtruded himself into the subject; nor why he
should have conceived his opinion worth publishing;
nor where he obtained the idea that anybody cares
what he thinks on any matter of current interest:
nor, in short, why he should vex the public eye and
offend the public ear with his opinions, either on
ethical or political subjects.
TO a recent number of the Merchants' Associa
tion Review Judge Belcher of the Superior
Court of this city contributed an article in which
he discussed the future policy of the United States
with reference to its new insular possessions. The
question presented by the writer was whether or not
it will ultimately become necessary to admit the Fili
pinos and Porto Ricans to the privileges of American
citizenship. It is Judge Belcher's idea that the
present status of these people will have to be main
tained and he suggests that before any of the islands
are admitted to the family of States, even as Terri
tories, it should be settled that American citzenship
for their inhabitants will be conferred only on condi
tions.
AN EDITOR'S GRIEVANCE.
THE SAN FRAISCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.
26
THE PASSING SHOW
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
LOANS
0 N DEFINITE CONTRACT.
INSTALLMENT PLAN.
$13 65 a 'month pay* up a $1000 loan la 19
years; I2Q 80 in 5 years.
Citizens' Building and Loan Association,
232 MONTGOJIERT ST.
AUCTION RAT/F.g.
By Chase & Menfitnfcall— To-morrow, Draft Horses, at 1732
Market Ktreet.
AMUSE2LE2JTS.
T!»oU — "SDiaai"
Alcazar— * 'Sapbo.**
CoJaiabi*— Burton Echnea I»ectare*.
Orpheus*— V&udevlU*.
Grand Cj)«r»-hou»e — "Sapho."
OlympLa, ooraer Uuoa and EAAy *tr«>et»— f-pecialtles.
Chutes, Zoo and Tb«ater— V&udrrill* •very afternoon and
tnwalas,
lischer" e— V&ufiernift.
Alia Theater. Grove street — "Uncle Todl'b CbJWii.**
Kecreatlon Park — Baseball.
Union Coursing Pnrk— Courslnr to-day.
Eherraan-Cay Hall— Palcma, Schramin, Wednesday after-
Boon, August tX
Shenaan-Clay Hall — Sons' Recital. Tueeday evening, Septem-
ber 4.
Sutro Baths — Open nisrhta.
State Fair. Sacramento— September S to 15.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau < Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •' France has 38,500,000 Inhabitants, of
whom about 14,500,000 live by mining,
manufactures, transportation and gen
eral commerce.
Passenger Agents Will Struggle*
The passenger agents of the transcon
tinental lines are to meet at Glenwood
SprJn&s, Colo., the fore part of next week.
They will convene for the purpose of
wrestling with the knotty problem of
routing overland passengers without loss
of time or money to the various lines.
The present system Is cumbrous and de
cidedly unsatisfactory, and the aim Is to
fix matters so that tho pro rata will be
definitely fixed, to the end that any pas
senger agent can ticket a passenger
Th«» Board of Public Works notified
William Mooser. architect of public
brings, yesterday that the regulation
tjm he liureau of Building vrlll contain
u iXrovislon forbidding protrusion . upon
the sidewalk and xvithln a vertical dia
tance of ten feet above the sidewalk of
any line of the building, whether steps,
pilasters or what not. No plan providing
for encroachment ia to be approved by
the architect.
No More Street Encroachments.
Mr. Wolff happened to know that Jew
eler Dinkelspiel was in the city and he
telephoned to that gentleman at his hotel
to call at ]20 Sutter street half an hour
before the time appointed for Bernstein.
Mr. Dinkelspiel called, repudiated Bern
stein as a confidence man and when the
youth presented himself for the watches
he was handed over to Patrolman D. En
gel of the California-street station and
booked on the charge of obtaining goods
by false pretenses. ¦_-_ >.:¦¦
Mr. Wolff requested Bernstein to call
an hour later and promised that he would
then let him have the watches.
Bernstein called upon Mr. Wolff yester
day forenoon and represented himself to
be an agent for L. M. Dinkelspiel, a
jeweler doing business in Bakersfleld,
Kern County. He said that Mr. Dinkel
spiel wished Mr. Wolff to deliver four
gold watches of a certain make to him
and he (Bernstein) would take them to
Dinkelspiel.
The prisoner is 21 years old and of good
address. Had It not been for a miscue he
would have walked away with four val
uable gold watches.
S. Bernstein attempted to plunder Henry
Wolff, manufacturing Jeweler at 120 Sutter
street yesterday, but by rare good luck
on Mr. Wolff's part the scheme failed and
Bernstein was landed behind the bars.
Confronted by L. M. Dinkelspiel of
Bakersfield, Whom He Claimed
to Represent, and. I*anded
Behind the Bars.
S. Bernstein Tried to Bunko
Him Out of Four Valu
able Watches.
JEWELER WOLFF
FRUSTRATES A
BOLD SWINDLE
The success of the blastophaga at Fres
no has been so marked that the Fresno
papers have recently been publishing long
accounts, appreciating the significance of
the fact. When the wasp survived the
winter, much -was expected, but the ex
periment was not thought complete until
the wasp began its toll of fertilizing the
native fig, which insures Its ripening ful
ly.' Now the blastophaga is working as
industriously as upon its native heath.
In late years the Improved methods of
packing have popularized the California
product, but the Smyrna fruit has been
imported to San Francisco by the carload
The extent of the heldover Smyrnas in*
boxes is not definitely known here, but it
is not large enough to affect the situa
tion materially.
Rumors of this embargo came over the
wires in press dispatches a few days ago',
but they were doubted. Now their ac
curacy has been officially affirmed. If
any Smyrna figs should be shipped they
will be dumped into New York Bay upon
arrival. The first effect of the news is
an increase in the prices for California
figs. Ten-pound boxes at Fresno have al
ready advanced 10 cents. In the packing
boxes the price has been raised from 2
cents to 3 cents per pound. There is a de
mand for all the crop.
California will eupply the people of the
United States with all the new crop of
figs they have this year. Ultimately Cali
fornia will be able to produce all the figs
that the world will require, for the blaa
tophaga, or fig wasp, brought to Fresno
in numbers In Capri figs to fertilize the
native fig, has proved to bo a success. It
is therefore only -a matter of a few years
when this State will be as noted for Its
"Smyrna" figs as It now Is for its raisins.
Just now the exclusive control of the
American market is due to the embargo
placed upon the Smyrna product by rea
son of the plague in Smyrna.
Entire "United States Will Be Com
pelled to Look to This Coast
for the Delicious
Comestible.
An Embargo Upon Smyrna
Product Causes an Ad
vance in Prices.
BOOM TIME HAS
COME FOR FIGS
OF CALIFORNIA
Central Park, Market and Eighth sts.
Historic ground, will be thrown open to
the public free next Saturday and Sun
day afternoon, and evening. The new
sensation, sled lsllde, will be introduced.*
through without there being any difficulty
In determining the- mileage share of the
various companies Interested.
The Southern Pacific Company will be
represented by E. O. McCormlck. passen
ger tralflc manager, and Assistant Gen
eral Passenger Agents K. A. Donaldson
and James Ilorsburgh Jr. They left on
the overland last evening.
SWORDFISH AND
WHALE IN BATTLE
THE few men aboard the tug
Yosemite, which runs between
this city and Fort Baker for
the accommodation of United
States engineers, witnessed a ter
rific battle between a whale and a
ewordfish about 2:30 o'clock yester
day afternoon. The fight took place
about midway between Sausallto
and Fort Baker and lasted fully
two minutes. Captain P. M. Stofen
of the Yosemite says he never saw
anything that equaled yesterday's
encounter.
"I believe the swordflsh had been
chasing that whale ever since Fri
day night," Bald the captain in tell
ing the story. "Some of the boys
hea'rd a great disturbance in the
water during the night, but were
unable to ascertain the cause. On
our way to Fort Baker this morn
ing we saw a monster ¦whale leap
entirely out of the water, a- thing
which they rarely do except when
attacked.
"At about 2:30 o'clock this after
noon we s=aw the whale again. He
was 200 yards ahead of us. The
monster raised himself completely
out of the water. After he had
gone under there was a great ruf
fling of the water, followed by a
fountalnlike spray, which went high
in the air. I believe this was the
whale's death struggle, for we did
not see him after that. We got
several good glimpses of the sword
fish, particularly when the whale
jumped into the air. The fish al
ways attacks from underneath,
bringing its sword Into play against
the whale's stomach. A hammerflsh
was also seen in the vicinity, and I
think he helped to finish the
whale."
Captain Stofen says the whale
was fully forty feet long and the
swordflsh was of extra large size.
THE LIZZIE PRIEN CRASHING INTO THE SHAG ROCK DREDGER.
The Maiiposa was released from quaran
tine and docked at the Oceanic wharf yes
t'.-rday morninir.
Captain Wainwrlpht of the British ship
Bpcke was dangerously ill at Sydney, «.
K. \\\, when th" Mariposa Failed, and
f^ars were entertained for his reason.
«'ar»»nJn fitott of the British ship Hale
wood took command of the Speke, and
ChW'f Officer Jackson of the Halewoofl
w*-r.t out in command of that vessel.
The steamer Thyra arrived from Hone
konc via Yokohama, Honolulu and San
I»iego yesterday. An attempt will be made
to cr-t her away for the north to-day,
where she is to load supplies for the
Government
Water Front Notes.
Thf Tanis, from Hamburg via South
end Ct ntral American ports, will arrive
h»-r<» to-day. This is her serond visit to
' 'Pan Fr.Ln<-if>co and her captain and crew
receive a hearty welcome. The Tanis
i^/anded thirty-five cabin passengers at San
Diego ati 750 tons of freight. Sh« has
aboard a number of passengers and 2600
tens of cargo for San Francisco. The
Koemos line is receiving a jjreat amount
nt encouragement from the merchants ot
this port, and in order to keep up its good
name an extra boat has been put on to
liTomraodatc shippers. The Denderan Is
now on her way here and will sail the lat
ter part of September for Hamburg via
< entral and South American ports.
A Kosnxos Liner Due.
Movements of Transports.
The orders that no more men are to b«
rent to China has ohanped the aspect of
fiffairs at the tranFport •wharf. The Bel
pian Kinp v.ss to havp tak'-n a siege bat
tery and horses to Taku. China. Instead
<<>mmSssariat stores for Manila are now
bring rushed Into her. The siege gun*
have bf-en sent to the Presidio, and the
rr.on and horses will remain in camp for
t..me time to come.
The Hos«»erans was to have gone to Chi
r.a with a liffht battery- Instead she will
po to Manila. The Logan and Federica
v.ill both go to the Philippines via Napa
eakl The Federica will carry 433 horses.
«'f tho rntir* fleet the Kjrbort is the only
<r>o that will Pro to Taku. Quartermaster
rapplies are being rushed aboard her, and
Efce will probably get away Tuesday.
The pchnor.or Lizzie Prien met with a
peculiar acridor.t while beating out of tho
bay yesterday evening. She was standing
ov< r toward the Marin chore on the port
tack when the dredger anchored on Shag
Bock loomed up just ahead. Captain
liansen ordered the helm "hard up," and
the mar. at the wheel put it "hard down,'
with the result that the Lizzie Prien
crashed bow on Into the dredger. A big
hole was knocked In the schooner forward
cf the foremast and she had to put back
tor repairs.
"We left San Francisco for Siuslaw
y/riday afternon." said Captain Hansen
vfFterday. "A spar still sticks up on the
place where Shag Kock used to stand.
and a dredger is also anchored there. We
¦were beating cewn the bay. with a fair
breeze and an ebb tide. When off Melggs
¦wharf we went on the port tack and stood
ever toward the Marin shore. The tide
t arried us down toward the dredger, and
I ordered the helm "hard up' In order to
get sway from the rpot. Instead the order
was reversed, and we crashed into the
<jr»-dger. The latter was not hurt any, l»ut
the Lizzie Prltn has a hole in her bow
that will take a wek to repair."
The Lizzie Prlen docked at Spear-street
•wharf yesterday and discharged her Sius
3aw River car^o. She will go on the dry
dock to-morrow morning for an overhaul
ing.
Crashes Into the Dredger Anchored
on the Site of Shag Bock — Acci
dent Due to Bad
Steering.
Schooner Lizzie Prien Has a
Very Narrow Escape
in the Bay.
4 DEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The Ivanhoo mine in San Bernardino
County has been sold to Los Angeles men
for $20,000.
The Redding Searchlight says that a
railroad will Be built from the mines to
the Copper City smelter.
The Mining and Scientific Press says:
The Frazler Boratc Mining- Company is
developing a borax deposit near Giffln,
Ventura- County. Locations cover 240o
acres. All the local stockholders except
Gail Borden have sold out to the Stauffer
Chemical Company of San Francisco and
Thomas Thorkeldsen & Co. of Chicago.
Christian do Guigne of San Francisco la
president of the company and Gail Bor
den secretary. The veins vary in thick
ness, being In some places 12 feet wide.
The jmlning Is done by hand. The ore
hauled sixty miles to the railroad Is ship
ped to San Francisco and Chicago. The
Frazier Company Is shipping 150 tons a
month. • .
Captain Ord of the United States army
has taken up a mill site in Nevada Coun
ty, near Ossavllle. A half interest in the
Pennsylvania mine has been given to Mr*.
Gay of Sacramento for the use of the
stamp mill formerly used by the Grant
mine. *
Some nuggets have been picked up on
Spruce Creek, in Monterey County, by P.
Gillls and F. Melville.
Recorder Lee of Kern County will ask
the Supreme Court to rehear in bank the
matter concernins the payment to the
county of fees received for recording of
mining claims. The Recorders of all min
ing counties have been assisting him in
the litigation and are equally concerned.
A San Francisco company has begun to
develop the Monitor quartz mine, six
miles south of Shingle Springs, El Do
rado County.
From the same source the following
facts are taken: Failure to secure elec
tric power has caused a reduction of the
force at the Harvard mine. The San
Guiseppe will be reopened. The Kanaka
mine, near Groveland. will start up soon.
The Santa Isabel will be unwatered and
subjected to expert examination.
Despite the confident prediction of winter
prophets that the abundance of snow in the
mountains would kpep the stamps of our mills
dropping the year round, the water supply is
rapidly diminishing and In a few weeks many
mines will not be able to obtain enough to wet
their batteries. The water company has com
menced to draw on the reserve supply con
tained in its system of dams, and this will be
completely exhausted by September 1. Then the
mine-owners will be obliged to struggle alone
as best they can until the rainy season ar
rives.
Good discoveries near Little Antelope,
Mono County, are reported. "Reub" Terry
has a fine prospect near the old Broadman
mill, in the same locality. Mrs. Haslam
of Carters has located the Queen Bee.
The Almono Company will soon place ma
chinery on its property two miles from
Little Antelope Valley.
The Sonora Union-Democrat has the
following:
A dam has been built on the South Fork
of Salmon River, near the big flats of Cof
fee Creek, for the Salmon River Consoli
dated Gold Mining Company, which will
pipe water over one of the roughest dis
tricts In the State. Water will be brought
to several properties. The North Fork
placer mine on Coffee Creek will be sup
plemented by a hydraulic plant. Drifting
has not proved fully satisfactory. The
Loftus mine has put in two new mills.
Fred Budtery will soon begin operations
at his hydraulic plant near Callahan's.
An agreement concerning the price of
lead would seem to have been reached by
the American Smelting and Refining Com
pany and the lead producers. The report
is that the contract is on the basis of 5-1
per ton during the remainder of the year.
The Salt Lake Tribune has interviewed
T R. Jones, district manager for the
American Smelting and Retining Com
pany, who gave the information contained
In the foregoing. The Tribune says "the
producers generally view the price as a
reasonable medium between the ex
tremes."
The Lower Colorado will have two
smelters. One is ready to operate at
Needles. The second will be placed at
Empire Flats, forty-five miles below
Needles, on the Arizona side, three miles
from the river. Boston men are back of
the Empire Flats enterprise.
Expert slate workers have been brought
by the Eureka slate quarry management,
in the Kelsey district, El Dorado County,
from Pennsylvania. New machinery has
been installed and many Improvements
are in view. Warren Crocker, operating;
the Lily Emma Copper mine near Pilot
Hill under bond, has shipped 180 pounds
of ore to the State Mining Bureau as a
county exhibit. Hayward & Lane are the
purchasers of the Tin Cup mine. The
news is confirmed. They will develop the
property fully. The Gold Queen quartz
mine, in the Kelsey district, has been pur
chased by Philip C. Stlngle and John
Laughry.
The Scott Valley Advance reports that
the Yellow Rose of Texas mine, located
near the headwaters of the South Fork of
the Salmon and lying in both Siskiyou
and Trinity counties, is running full blast,
taking out ore and also developing.
It is well known that. In creating the United
States Geological Survey, Congress and the
people whom it represents expected that Its
energies would be largely devoted to the devel
opment of the mineral resources of the country.
How this method should be accomplished was
left to the director and his principal assistswts.
who, by scientific training and long practical
experience, were the best qualified to- Judge
what could and what could not be done by such
a corps of specialists as the survey must neces
sarily consist of — men whose whole life Is de
voted to the abstract side of geology and whom
neither the regulations of the survey as defined
by law nor the exigencies of their olflcial duties
would permit to participate in the practical or
commercial development of these resources. It
was evident that these specialists could not take
the place of either the prospector or the mining
engineer, as a somewhat superficial view of the
subject has led some to think they might. They
should, of course, understand the principles that
underlie the work of either of these classes of
men, but they can not be expected to possess
that expertness of instinctive second sense in
each of these professions which can be acquired
only by lifelong practice.
The survey should furnish an accurate basis
upon which the work of each of these experts,
so Indispensable in the development of the min
eral resources of the country, may be founded.
It should endeavor to tell the prospector where
he may and where he may not prospect to ad
vantage for this or that valuable mineral, but
it cannot be expected to actually find the min
eral for him. It should aim to discover for
the mining engineer first of all the general laws
which govern the occurrence of the different
useful minerals, and to show the special appli
cations of these laws In the particular mining
regions that come under survey; but it cannot
undertake to direct the workings of individual
mines or quarries, nor guarantee that every
mining engineer will make a correct applica
tion of the laws that have been discovered.
Director TValcott of the United States
Geological Survey reports that topograph
ical maps of. very large areas have been
completed and that in a few cases the
areas have been studied economically.
That is, the manner of occurrence of the
known ore deposits has been observed.
The deductions which tend to guide min
ing prospectors to other deposits will be
carefully considered by scientific miners.
The economic work Is more difficult and
expensive than other branches of geo
logical exploitation. "The increase in ef
fectiveness of this work," writes Director
Walcott, "must proceed slowly. Even
with unlimited amounts of money im
mediately available the economic work
of the survey could not at once be spread
over the whole country, as it should be,
for the reason that it would take time to
train the additional number of specially
prepared geologists required. But there
is no doubt that by a natural enlargement
of the present plan of work the demands
of the mining community for Government
aid in the development of their particular
branch of industry can readily be largely
met."
Speaking of the limitations of Govern
ment work, Director Walcott says:
All Demands Will Be Met in Devel
opment of Plan — Facts From
the Interior Coun
ties.
Says Surveyors Can Classify
Areas but Not Uncover
Mines.
WALCOTT TELLS
ABOUT WORK OF
THE GEOLOGISTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.
27
No More Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH .EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late
scientific method applied to the gums. No
eleep-produclng agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco havtng PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, (111 and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten yeais.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set oS
teeth 15: a perfect fit icuaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. Jo. Gold fillings. Jl. Silver (111-
lncs. EOc. All work done by GRADUATE DEN.
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department ln charge of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. TVe will tell you In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
New York Denial Parlors,
723 Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH.. SEATTLE. WASH.
DR. WONG WOO. Chinese Tea
ESi^BV ami Herb Sanitarium. 7<JJ-TtW
f Clay St.. cor. Brenham place,
•fee a San Francisco. Cal. AH diseases
fTV 9 cured exclusively by Chinese
WE \ herbs. Advice free. Hours, 9
J5*rf25v to u a - m -- l to 3 anfl 7 to 9
I 5$?^p<.t\v 'To'Whrm It May Concern:
*6wKll»M" Thla is to certify that I. the
undersigned, have been suffering from Chronic
Rheumatism for over three years, which finally
grew so severe that about 7 months ago I was
utterly unable to walk. After trying everything,
without receiving the sllchtest relief. I was at
last Induced to consult DR. WONG WOO. who,
after a eeven-months" treatment, has now com-
pletely cured me of Rheumatism. GEORGE
SCHERER, 110 Landers n.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
li We are showing the most j
|| complete assortment of ||
jj Native Son Flags, Badges j
!j and Bunting in San Francisco
I _r-i_n_i-i_i-. nnnn :
Here Are
Some Prices in
/ LEATHER GOODS >^
That May Astonish You!
10 ln. Imitation alllsrator ba* Me 11 ln sheepakln Imitation alll-
11 In. imitation alligator bag 55c rator bag g3o
12 ln Imitation alligator bag €0c 12 in. sheepskin Imitation alll-
13 ln. Imitation alligator bag 65c ** tor J> a * "c
14 in. imitation alligator ba* 75c ga^or'ba^. . n ..!?!!!* t ! Oa . * 1U *ll 10
10 ln. sheepskin Imitation alU- 14 in. sheesskin imitation alli-
gator bag T5c gator bag %x 15
In ,. K Tl Kraln * Un Color ' Uneo " Ollv «. "nea-llned bags-
lined bags —
10 in*. 11 In. 12 In. 13 In. 14 in. w ln - u lr >- 12 In. 13 In. 14 In.
U 23 U 45 $1 65 Jl 85 U 06 50c 65o 60o (5o 75o
As above, leather-lined— Valises, cabin bags. Boston bags,
10 in. 11 in. 12 in. 13 In.' 14 In. 15 In. «tc.. >n any color or size. Prices al-
ll 75 ?2 00 $2 25 *2 50 $3 75 $3 00 wars th« lowest.
in genuine alligator, leather-lined- yo^°i V l°^
lOln. llln. 12tn. 131n. 14ln. lain. lSln. of our dress suit cases. We (bow
$3 SO $3 75 *4 25 $4 75 *3 25 $5 75 li 25 the largest line ln the city.
All the above nicely finished and Telescope baskets, straps, canvas
trimmed, side catch, with good snap dress suit cases and telescopes and
lock and key. trunks.
_, — ¦ c=——_^
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
*. •
AH Orders of $5 or More Delivered Fre« to Any Railroad Station.
» " V;"- ¦.¦••¦»•"¦•¦'
1 FOUR SPECIAL
ON SALE THIS WEEK.
Here are some desirable, up-to-date Fall Dress Goods
at bargain prices." They are all new styles and
colorings. A large assortment to select from.
OXFORD HOMESPUN SUITINGS.
66 Inches wide, full line of new colorings. Including thre* shades of irray. two shade*
of navy, two shades of brown; new pastel mixtures and block; very serviceable
for Eton Suits. Tramping Skirts, etc. Ketrular $1 00 quality.
This week only 50c yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
CAMEL'S-HAIR CHEVIOT.
That rough, stylish weave bo popular for fall and winter wear: strictly all wool.
42 Inches wide: colors are red. russet brown, imperial blu*. garnet, new greens.
etc.; also black. Regular Soc value.
This week only 50c yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
WE HAVE ABOUT TEX PIECES MORE OT THAT.
BLACK IRON FRAME ALPACA.
The genuine English make, from the looms of Arthur 'Walker A Co., Bradford,
England; an extra heavy quality, 52 Inches wide; very deep rich black, with lus-
trous silk finish; Just the material fcr a nice shirt waist, separate skirts, traveling
dresses or bathing costume. The regular %1 00 kind.
This week only 50c yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
FANCY ARMURE SUITINGS.
In some very pretty street and evening shades, which Include 3 new brown*. 3
new blues, Sapho, light gray, old rose, etc.; also black; 33 Inches wide, wool and
mohair. Regular 60c value.
This week- only 35c.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
9OC»eOQQQQOOeOaOOt>OO90OOQOOaO3Oe>OOOOOO9O93O<
s» . - - . . - <t
s rfll Bli\!f M x Corner Mission and PfiTT|i\ FW \ S
A remarkable collection of bargains for our customers this week, including Drapery Fabrics^ — Parlor Rockers and Par- o
9 /-^ or Tables — Lace Curtains, Rugs and Furniture — a saving of 20c and 30c on the $i.co on thousands of articles for the o
g home. Below we quote a few of the bargains on sale: g
I Great Bargains This Week in RATTAN CHAIRS. CHIFFONIERS. SMYRNA RUG BARGAINS. §
O FiElE PARLOR FURNITURE $4.V> Rattan Rockers- O^ S15.00 Solid Oak Chiffonier, Bromley Reversible Rugs- 9
o <t- d i c- V>. • wiiui <&£.*&J with oval French plate C«a JX c:_. Tn -fiv7-6 feet $8.50 %
O $2? Parlor Suits-Our own rn -U- mirror, 6 large drawers, 3 bize 10.0X7-0 ie«..... •? o .-u ©
© upholstered in fine S|Q75 $8.00 Rattan Rockers— $5 50 cast brass handles "-*» • Size 12x9 feet
g isbed-eaJe.prtcir..^!: "^^ reduced to • $25.00 Solid Oak Chiffonle-, Smyrna Rugs, w^ol face- O
2 0 U L R fo ta .^ R °^ S r...$6.50 558 r^nt *$&$$£ $[9-75 Size fe ..$16.50 %
C rnahepany. upholstered C*~-r tzf\ S . lze 10:6x7.6 feet i?L<l.i5 q
2 SleTrlce'"* Uamask ~ *O7'£^ SIO.O.) Rattan Backers- $7,50 $30 0"> Mahogany Chiffonier, Size 9x6 feet *8.7 O ©
§ MO.00 Parlor WChar - French plate mlrror -.$24-.75 $20 Brussels Rugs- £
q polished saddle seat c*~ ezf\ $12.00 Rattan Rockers— « 1Rnn &
J carved back-sale 5>h'5V made of best Quality flneCO =f| „-,„„,. . o . L L .« . Slze I2X9 feet !>1O.OO o
q pric« V rceds-reduced to 533.00 Cur.v Birch Chiffonier, Q
q $22.00 Parlor Divan— N -at V ¦ with French plate mir- c<> »j nfl Mnde-up Carpet Rugs— ©j
3 Inlaid back, upholstered ' c< m -r- $:4.00 Rattan Roll Arm Rocker, ror vv/ Size iox8 3 SM.50, SI2.75, Sl3.>0 9
e In best silk damask— &\/\.* I -J | with large comfortable seal CQ S(\ . ~~ Siz- 12x106 S14.75, $15.50, $16.75 9
• SfToVp 06 : ' W ' OU $30.00 Bird's E>e Maple Chiffonier, ' ©
2 with rphoistereTeelts SQ.90 $15.00 Rattan Couches- CllA 50 French pfa^mirSor??.' $2'?"^^ Axm'nsler Rugs- •
g — sala price " *-* this sale OlU.vJV -*»*-* bize, 27x63 inches $2.6a g
1 Ladies' c~~^m^ LACE CURTAIN bargains <^j§ipi^^ !
q «-«utuu |f"^7?§i^Vn J '" rom Walzenhausen, Canton Appenzell, o
o DsriflT j //Ifii II Switzerland. J[%^^^Z0Sr^^r^\ •'
q ¦ Q I I U I '>>{'/Sr> ! If Another surplus stock of beautiful Lace Curtains. New P^fy jffi//lll\ *Mt ® '
q \\jfffl { French designs— with corded work, dainty stitches, with MjS 'siflrll Wlv ®'
O Tt f\ n\f C*r \\J li I' shaded cushion work — patterns that are the drawings from ((lifit W# \\lfll ' liu\\ ® '
O nll?.KHl \\\1 It it the best artists in Europe — an opportunity to buy these IWAF- ffllW "TO lUVrkF S!
O IIUUIlwl \\l{// II curtains at a special sale and at a bargain is a rare event. Wlm ttilr\3mi ' vultl a
6 Pa nr \v // i NOTE — Every pair of Lace Curtains advertised arc /!( ,'L^-«*<Hi ///^^T^&w vfl &'•
2 0*1. Id I V I all 6.1 inches wide and are without exception the cheapest hnf^&\W'^^^^^^ S
|5 / ill! an< * be?t values we have ever ottered. \»^ vb^^la j ;7 -* WS&w^ggZmfE&i*^ ©
O -^~ -j f $7.50 Lace Curtains . . . $5.25 Jfl W^r g !
o M2|lOgany SEE 8.50 Lace Curtains ...$6.75 WJ flfch g
Orililall* r .~~~ 'inn »^jj' -yiji THF Tnnn T nrt> Pnrtainc Qft (\(\ /i,r\ iQftf q
1 1 m I / /7t 1U.UU JL.<iLC vAU UUI1S . • • u)O»vlvr ll»l« A
% Polished I Wy J THE .5.00 Lace Curtains . . 812.00 $6.95 gg l§||||f£! Z^L™ %
« 't&^&ls^ Ifii niffUUWd. jjqq Lace Curtains .. $14.00 brass feet, the graceful legs, the serpentine top, and 2
© •vfeaSS*'^ l&y A t r- l • ttic f\t\ then you wonder .it the price— sold in downtown @
§ Seat, 20 -°° Lace Curtains ..$15.00 stores at $12.00. 0
® • S
g fpfc^^* SPECIAL NOTICE! Positively no commissions paid to "friends of customers" or to folks "who can bring people ©
G llpjgl^ - in *' All goods marked in plain figures. ©
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOUSE FUBNISHINGS.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET. San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century; haa a
national reputation, and was ono of the few
schools selected to represent tho development
of commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion; over 17.000 graduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: 200 graduate* annually
placed tn positions; S3 teachers; open the entir*
year; new 80-page catalogue free.
Hitchcock School,
6AN PAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Eeparat* Rooms. Gymnasium. Military- Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS AUGTIST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal
TRINITY SCHOOL.t?5£
It Is desired to correct an erroneous Imprea-
¦ion that Trinity School has been discontinue.
It will open as usual MONDAY. August i.
Only boys of eood moral character aro taken.
O. S. MEAD. £H3 Central st*.
HAMLIN SCHOOL »nd
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
lHi"> Jackson St.. San Francisco. Boarding and
Day School for Glrla. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California. Leland Stanford Jr. Unlver-
Ftty Vas>3ar and Smith Collies. Reopens Au-
gqst 6. 1500. SARAH P. HAMLIX, Principal.
POLYTECHNIC BB^i 3
Has the largest and best equipped departments
in the West. Regular business and shorthand
course. Students may enter at any timt. All
graduates ln rnpcnslbl* positions. Fro* c»:a-
logue. Oakland, CaJ.Hut the Dog swerves not a Hair's
Breadth, ar.d the Man runs Into him and
takes a Hard Fall.
This shows that things do not always
turn out as wo expect in this World.—
Chicago Tribune.
THEY DON'T TURN OUT.
S««e the Man.
He ia riding along leisurely on his
Bicycle.
A Large Dog Is trotting still more leis
urely ahead of him.
The Man rings the Bell.
"When he hears that," he soliloquizes,
"he will Turn Out."
Reports from the East are very encour
sping. the record;; showing that during the
past month there were more initiations
than there have been for a number of
years during the same period. Five new
councils were instituted and there were
several more in sight.
During the past week Watsonville Coun
cil initiated four candidates, and Downie
ville and Mr-adow I^ake Council of Truckee
had work in the lnitatory degree.
Four council solicitors have been placed
in the field, two in the country and two
in this citv. s/- .;-
Order cf Chosen Friends.
Grand Councilor Savage was in this city
But night in attendance on the executive
council.
The parishioners of St. Brlgid's Church
will hold thtir annual reunion and picnic
:'.t El Campo September 3 (Labor day).
The committee has been at work some
lirr.p arranging lor the outing, which
promises to be a successful affair. Many
novel and interesting features will be on
tho programme, and valuable gate and
Same prizes will be offered.
St. Brigid's Parish Picnic.
Tho charge of disturbing the peace
ngainst Attorney Kdwm S. Knapp in front
of the polling booth at 10.12 Sutler street
Friday was dismissed by Judge fritz yos
terday. The cvidcr.ee was contradictory
and the defendant got the benefit of the
doubt. S. J. Campbell, James Nolan and
Willirtm J. MiskHI. charged with disturb
ing the pence, nnd Edward Nolan with
malicious mischief at the polling booth aT
Ninth and Folsom streets, had their cases
dismissed by Judge Conlan on motion of
the Assistant District Attorney.
Aftermath of Primaries.
POLICE THINK
MURDERER HAS
BEEN ARRESTED
Alleged Slayer of Nichols Is
in California Street
Prison.
Thomas Holmes, a Shady Character,
Arrested by Officer J. L. Nel
son at Bush and Kearny
Streets.
Thomas Holmes, a character well known
to the police, was arrested shortly before
midnight last night and placed in the
tanks at the California-street police sta
tion. Policeman J. L. Nelson made tho
arrest at the corner of Kearny and Bush
streets. Holmes Is ¦ supposed to be the
burglar who shot and killed Special Officer
George F. Nichols In the Star Exchange,
at the corner of Merchant and Sansome
streets, last Thursday night.
Holmes' appearance closely resembles
the description of the shooter as given
both by the murdered man and by Charles
Jackson. The latter was standing on the
corner, and Immediately after the shots
were fired saw the murderer rush out,
pistol In hand, and pass close to him. He
saw the face distinctly and claims that
he would be able to Identify the man ir
he saw him again.
Dan Daley, another suspect. Is now In
the tanks at the City Prison, and the de
tectives are Investigating the case against
him. The officers feel confident that the
other two burglars, Marlon and Cox, haa
nothing to do with the murder.
| issued to the delegates elected in the Thir
ty-second, Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth,
Thirty-sixth and Forty-fourth districts,
there having been no contests filed in
those cases and full returns having been
regularly made The delegates who are
thus assured of legal standing in the con
ventions are as follows:;
THIRTT-SECOXD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To State Convention— Dr. T. B. de Witt, D.
D. Sullivan, C. B. llode, C. W. Kaplan, Thomas
Xeason.
To Local/Judicial and Legislative Conven
tlon-J. F. Ahearn. Thomas C. Duff. J. Lucey.
R. Wilson, J. Hoey. E. Tepper, J. Hanlon, J.
B. Lewis Jr., E. Lyons.
The delegations are classed as doubtful.
There was no opposition ticket.
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To Slate Convention— John Rider, Ed Turner,
R. Rassmussen, H Leftmann, W. Watson, J.
Sparrow, J. c. Ohlandt. ¦_
To Local, Judicial and Legislative Conven
tion—Charles Brown E. E. Raymond, F. Mc-
Enhill, G. W. Pennineton. Frank Mitchell.
Frank Pendergast, Louis Holden, W. T. Sle
vers, B. Lagrave L. Nonemann, I* Scharteg,
C. Ratto, It. J. Welch.
The regular ticket was elected in this
district, the Kelly-Crimmins element es
tablishing polling"places of their own. but
later abandoning the attempt to win out
by that method.
THIRTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To State Convention-J. K. C. Hobbs, I. J.
Truman, C. J. Peterson, W. \V. Chase, Adam
Heck, J. H. Cox F W. Burnett, J. O. Leven
saler. H. G. Krasky.
To Local Judicial and Legislative Conven
tion—George L. Center, John Tonnlnpsen. W.
A. Merles. Ralph L. Hathorn. J. C. Tittle J.
CKeefe A. Hunert F S. Gunn, Archibald
Reid. b\ J. Hurst. H* N. Deatty. J. E. Elkln<
ton, George \V; Elder A. F. Adams, \\ . F.
Foster, G. I, Ravchester, E. D. Knight.
The ticket elected in the Thirty-fourth
District is uncompromisingly anti-boss,
and it scored two votes to one for the op
position ticket.
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To State Convention-E. D. Berri, II . Bur
feind. A. Davidson J. B. Barber, Joseph
Scherrcr. P J. Gray, A. H. Merrill, William
McDevitt, H. J. Rieeins.
To Local Judicial and Legislative Conven
tion-Frank French, C. H. Duveneck, J. A.
Wilson, W. J. Gullfoyle, C. E. Benedict, M.
F. Taylor, T. W Dennis, James Barton, Joseph
Tuite, William Wallace. W. C. Johneon, J. L.
Nagle, F. Severance, Joseph Nylana, Charles
Besthorn, A. B. Mahoney, B, J. Noble, H. E.
Holmes.
These sets of delegates, which had no
opposition, are mixed in character, part
of the members being boss and part anti
boss.
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To State Convention— W. F. Fitzgerald. E. D.
Feusier, K. Patrizi, D. W. "Wessenberg. E. C.
Kalben, M. Tonnissen, X. Ferrogiaro.
To Local Judicial and Legislative Conven
tion— L. A. Reo, Charles H. Sommerlad A.
Campana. Alexander Campbell Jr., A. J. Don
dero, A. Ruef, J. S. Godeau. P. Hansen, Frank
Marini, Adam Loh, Harry Huff, H. J. Perazzi,
E, C Amedee.
This ticket Is the Ruef ticket, which
scored so decisive a victory ov\.r the
Kelly-Crimmins candidates.
Another Meeting Monday Night
The returning board will meet again
Monday night at 8 o'clock to hear the
findings of the sub-committee on the con
tests which it has been able to corisider
by that time. I,
The returns from the Thirty-first, For
tieth and Forty-third districts are incom
plete and were not acted upon by the re
turning board, being laid over for later
consideration.
The contest in the Fortieth District was
filed by members of the ticket favorable
to the re-election of Assemblyman Milier.
On the face of the returns the Jesse
Marks ticket, favorable to Hamilton
Bauer's candidacy for Assemblyman, was
elected. The contestants charge the other
side with various crimes against the bal
lot-box, among them stuffing and repeat
ing.
Protests Are Heard.
Tho sub-committee of the Republican
Canvassing Board held a long session last
evening. Protesting delegations from the
Fortieth, Forty-third and Forty-fifth As
sembly district were heard. The commit
tee gave notice that written protest, sus
tained by affidavits, would be required.
Assurance was s'ven that a fair investi
gation would be conducted and no snap
judgment rendered^
The committee of •ighteen, appointed by
Alfred Bouvier, chairman of the County
Committee, consists of the following
members of the organisation:
TTrenty-elghth District— Charles F. Engelke.
Twenty-ninth District— John IJ. McXamara.
Thirtieth District— J. J. Morehou3e.
Thirty-first District— H. McMahon.
Thirty-second District — John K. Ahern.
Thtrty-third District— George \V. Pennlngton.
Thirty-fourth District— H. C. Henderson.
Thirty-fifth District— William Metzner.
Thirty-sixth District— Henry E. Holmes.
Thirty-seventh District— George D. Clarke.
Thirty-eighth .District— A. B. Truman.
Thirty-ninth District— T. II. McCarthy.
Fortieth District— John F. SIcGlynn.
Forty-first District— Nathan H. Frank.
Forty-second District— I. J. Truman Jr.
Forty-third District— John K. Hillman.
Forty-fourth District— A. Ruef.
Forty-fifth District — Augustus Johnson.
C. M. BELSHAW WINS.
Will Be Nominated by Republicans
to Hepr^esent Eleventh District.
The Republican primary election in Ma
rln County ycuterday resulted in the elec
tion of delegates favorable to the nomina
tion of Frank L. Coombs for Congress and
C. M. Belshaw for the State Senate. Tho
following delegate?! were chosen:
At larg<>. Judpo K. M. Ansrellotti; First Dis
trict. William Barr: Heconil IMstrlct, Thomas
P. I?oyd: Third District. Fred K. Harmon;
Fourth District, R. D. Hatch; Fifth District,
Georxe E. Mason.
In tho Kleventh Senatorial District, em
bracing the counties of Contra Costa and
Marln. C. M. Belshaw receives 250 ma
jority over James Rankln. In the Assem
bly Mr. Belshaw made an excellent rec
ord. He defended the interests of his con
stituents on oJl occasions and was known
as a man who would not take orders from
the bosses or corporations.
. An ugly light was put up yesterday to
prevent the election of delegates favorable
to his nomination for the State- 'Senate.
He did not stay at home ar.d complain
that the people were ungrateful, but went
out and made an open light for the nom
ination and won out handsomely. .
Little Girl Injured.
Agnes McNally; a 5-ycar-old girl, living
at 240 Natoma street, was knocked down
by .a horse driven by George Hart, book
keeper for Farnsworth & Ruggles, dray
men, at Third and Howard streets last
evening and had her head badly cut. Tht
injured child was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where she was treated; Hart
was arrested and charged with battery.
RETURNS FROM
EIGHT DISTRICTS
AT SHIELS HALL
Republican Returning Board
Stands Ready to Render
Impartial Judgment.
AFFAIRS pertaining to the Repub.
lican contest in San Francisco
are unchanged. The bolters rep
resenting- the Kelly-Crimmins
boss element of the party are still
holding out at Shiels Hall the returns
from eight districts and one precinct of
another district. In sending the returns
to a place other than that designated in
the official call for the primary election
the election , officers were guided by the
advice of vicious and inexperienced poli
ticians. Xo doubt the election officers
who took the advice did not want to sena
the record to an honest canvassing board
until they had opportunity to fix things
and make- the tables correspond, with the
number of ballots reported as having been
cast.
It was also perceived that it would be
necessary to check up the printed register
in order to secure obvious proof of fraud.
These and other considerations impelled
the boss polltic?ans to advise against
sending, the records to" the canvassing
board appointed by the chairman of the
County Committee.
The checkmated bopse3 realizing their
deplorable predicament are turning to the
Republican State Central Committee for
aid and sympathy. They have resolved
tb send their "quarantined" returns to the
State organization along with a statement
of their grievances, and the expression of
a desire to compromise on a basis of re
ferring the whole subject to the members
of the County Committee in their respec
tive districts.
Before the primary election took place
The Call made the statement several
times that the corrupt bosses were plan
ning to stuff and smash ballot-boxes and
produce confusion and discord in order to
establish a pretext for Inviting the State
Committee to interfere in the local affairs
of the party.
Martin Kelly and Phil Crimmins are In
a desperate situation. They are hounded
by hangers-on whom they have promised
to maintain, and have no compensating
patronage to bestow. The prospects of
obtaining money for the ?ale of positions
on the local ticket are not very bright.
The "hopheads" who were hired to re
peat at the polls day before yesterday are
clamoring for stuff. Herrin Is no longer
gifted with unlimited authority to dis
burse money of the Southern Pacific to
corrupt the politics of the State. Kelly is
In need ot* immediate help, henee- his ap
peal to the sympathies of the State Cen
tral Committee.
The returns from eight districts and one
precinct which, are in quarantine at Shiels
Hall awaiting a clean bill of health rep
resent but S8 of the 2oO delegates of the
proposed' local convention. Kelly and
Crimmins cannot do business at the Mint
saloon in the line of selling nominations for
office in San Francisco unless their
strength is augmented, and they look to
the State organization for augmenting
authority.
Will Remember Kelly's Record.
Republicans from interior counties have
representation on the State Central Com
mittee. They will doubtless call to mind
the fact that they once gave, in their re
spective Republican counties of the in
terior, a majority of 12,000 for Hon. M. I»I.
Estee, their candidate for Governor. In
San Francisco Martin Kelly betrayed the
ticket and the majority was overcome and
Mr. Estee defeated.
The Call does not require the services
of a special artist to illustrate the haste
which the Interior Republican's will make
to assist Kolly in this hour of boss des
pair. But Kelly needs help and the situ
ation is rendered extremely urgent by the
fact that Kelly's partner in boss politics
is keeping something other than a saloon.
Returning Board at Work.
The returning board of eighteen held a
short meeting yesterday morning and ad
journed to 3 o'clock in the afternoon. At
that hour the returns and protests were
taken up for consideration.
Contests^ in five Assembly districts had
been filed— in the Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sev
enth, Thirty-ninth. Fortieth and Forty
lifth. Those contests were read, and a
sub-committee of live was appointed to
take evidence and report to tho returning
board. The committee consists of J. H.
McCarthy.- A. Ruef, J. D. Clark. H. K.
Holmes and II. C. Henderson. Its first
meeting was held last night at the head
quarters of the County Central Commit
tee. It will' proceed with deliberation and
care to hear testimony on both sidos in
each contest. It will demand atlidavits
and will notify precinct election officers
and alleged witnesses of crooked work to
appear before it to testify.
"We shall take plenty of time," T. II.
McCarthy said yesterday afternoon, "and
our recommendations will be bnsod abso
lutely upon the evidence obtainable,
whether it is to the advantage or the dis
advantage of the regular tickets."
Credentials Ordered Issued.
The returning board ordered credentials
F. J. Heney, the attorney, was on the
arjti-Phc-lan ticket, and asked that his fac
tion be allowed a representaxive to watch
tlie count. He -was referred to Tim Fltz
patrick. who, kindly pacs^ed the buck to
A. B. Mnpulre of the organization com
mittee. NVither would' act -without tht
other's consent, and as 'Heney could not
pet the t-vro tog-ether his application was
still on file when the lights in the polling:
place were turned out, that the tickets
could be counted to a better advantage.
H*ney grave notice that he would file a
protest pfairist the raw -work.
Many respectable electors of the district
?••ere refused the right to vote, George
Eilvcy. who haa been known as a lottery-
The election as carried out in the Thirtv-
Bevcnth Assembly District last night was
a farce pure and simple. The Phelanites
were the principal actors, and judging
from the work done by those advocates
of "clean polities'! so.ip and water are at
a premium in the district.
The primary was held in a back room
<;f a corner sroccry at iiaiRht and L>evis-
streets and was owned and con
trolled by Harry Zemansky, a deputy
joKit'rar: at least the policemen on duty
had instructions to tako orders lr<.in him.
The opposition was -without representa
tion in the room and a demand for admit
tance v.-as treated as a joke.
Box Stuffed ia Thirty-seventh.
Thirty-fifth District.
Trouble was; expected In tlie Thirty
lift h District and t*>n policemen from the
BeveatecnUi-street station were present
to prcst-rv<- order, but their services wcro
nut in-d< ni.ind. The polling place was at
L*22 Mission street, and (he County Com
mitt«cmtn. J. K. Vizzard ar.d Thrj"maR K.
Curran, saw to it that no outsiders were
iidinitti d to tnc room where tne box was
The oJHcers of election were: John Doik*I
hue. James Markharn, Pete Sweeney
Fr«rd Schultz and \V. ]{. Copcland.
True and reliable Democratic voter*
lined themselves along the dead wall tind
when iht-ir turn csatae walked up to the
window and deposited their votes. Steph
Bym«; who has aspirations for a seat in
the Senate, mustered his friends about
liim wiili the Intention of capturing the
works, btJt in this he was <-utsenerale«i
by Thomas EL Curran's Boxers.
The announcement was received with
jf<--rx and trouble termed imminent, but
th<- nppiai-ar.re nf eight bnriy poJu-rm^n
restored quiet. They escorted the ballot
box Lo \\u- cars and returned in the nick
of time to rescue from :in angry crown
Deputy < - oroner i'at Flynn. to whom had
r*«-n Intrusted the club roils. Flynn and
J. H. O'Brien, the counry cominitteemeri
of toe Th!rt> --fourth, handled the Phelan
end of tiio ticket, and tho opposing Kid«
»E« takf-n core <tf by J. V. Mullen, L. J.
V.'elKh. V. Hipirin.* and J. J. Crowley.
A record ior courting ballots was estab
lisncd. ;'.fi tlcKCts bfj:ig counted by the ef
fider.t dcria in thirty minutes. A pe
culiar coincidence happened near the
cl«t-e of tho SMppased count, which i>rob
afcly accounts for the rapid handling of
the ballots. Smoke was to be seen issu
ing in plenty from a chimney leading
from the room where the count. was pro-
Krcssinpr. that previously had shown no
eign of tire, and with its npi>earance the
hearts of the opposition fell. The result
as announced was a nuzzle. A careful
tally had been kept of all votes cast by
Hilly Hinds of the opposition, which was
2i'». and the result of the Phelan count
was l'.iT for the County Committee ticket
and ItB fnr the opposition, a total of i£in.
Promptly at 1<> p. m. the polls were clos
ed, anu the act was jierlormed to per-
CcrttonJ N'o representative of the oppos
ing ta<ii<>fi was allowed in tho room. ar.«i
the Interested spectators on tho sidewalk
vere DOt even allowcii a glimpse, the cur
tain luir,^ pullt'd Jowii.
Only tfiose whoso names were on the
district club Jist were allowed to vote.
provided, of course, ihry held the yellow
ticket, which contair.td the names of
those of the Phelan County Committee
persuasion. The opposition had a while
ticket ar.d to jirpsent one at tho voting
placff meant innumerable challenges and
lengthy argument before it was dropped
intu th* 1 box. Owen MLcQualdej who had
his license revoked some months ago tor
tlir<at«.;;:iiK to do BUUOry things to the
j"-ilR-<r department, was Inspector, and car
ried out his instructions to the letter, ably
assi&lrd by M. Caliahan, C. ilayden and
John AUimmer. clerks.
The antl-1'helan crowd in the Thirty
fourth !.<ir;trict used e\ery effort to carry
the day, but it was futile. The Phclanites
from the County Committee had full con
trol of ballot-box and tickets, and this.
with a fuller knowledge of "politics as is
polities," won them the day.
The polls were opened at 7 p. m. and
BOM but those known to be hand in glove
¦wiUi the County Committee were allowed
to ontor the polling place, which was spe
cially selected lor the occasion, being; but
a Miinll room in the rear of a shop and
bavins but one entrance.
Thirty-fourth Assembly District.
Repeaters in the Thirty-first.
The two Democratic dubs in the Thirty
firht couldn't work in harmony, so each
balloted Independently. 'The cmb whlcn
claimed to hold the reguiar ticket liittd
up u poliing booth In Teutonia rtalL The
Window was rive feet ten incnes lii^h by
bctual measure, wliile the box wa* con
tidt-rably btioiv the window panel on the
inside. Four officers guarded the front
ot i he window. "The Anti-Civil Service
dub."' beaded by John Heenan, demanded
the right to in?j>«^ct the ballot-box. Ueing
retusvd the mcrabera adjourned to tiic
lower lloor, where; they had a primary all
lv themselves
Accwrding to J. M. Howe, a stenograph
er v.hora Mr. Heenan engaged to stand
i;>>ar thr> Tegular" club's ballot-box, the
total number of votes cast was S31. in
cludlne beveral who voted more tlian
ohec Howe claims a man named Wn
hani* v<;tt-d thirteen times. The back of
the "ngular" club"s ballots contained the
vmrd ""iiryan" in l>ig re-t letters, which
the m-i-mbers of tiie other club declare
was nothing more than a badge of fraud.
in practically every district there was
ballot-box starting, repeating and lalsit'y
ing of the returns. There were lew ughis?,
because the County Committee haa its
lu:«-~ so closely urawii that the opposition
tou:d not hope to ga.in anything oy lorc^
or otherwise.
In the Thirty-first and Thirty-ninth dis
tricts, where Thomas Hiekey and "Tim"
Treacey are rival candidates ior the Sen
at-.niaL nomination. Treaccy's men re
beiled against the close corporation meth
ods of UK! rtis'Uiars and established balloi
bt/xttf ot their own. Their returns will be
delivered to the State Central Committee,
¦with protects aga:iu-t the Legality ot me
retu!ii^ made by the oyher side.
'iiif opposition leaders In the Thirty-
Eeventb Uistrn-t, tndudlns Supervisor
Charier Wesley Heed and F. J. Heney.
obtained indisputable evidence of ballot
box starting and a steal in ihe count ar.d
ttiiy w:ii show up the methods of the
l-*ht3aiiiies In a contest.
In every district the election officers
rc^reseiiiir.g the regular club, the enroll
ment ia wi:;cii had been controlled ab
fcolutely by a Phelan committee, had com
pitie control of the lallot-box. In dis
tricts where juiti-Phelan sentiment was
j-articulariy strong and opposition tickets
r.ad beer, put in the lieid the opposition
was not adowed a. representative at the
polling place cither ourinjj the voting or
uunr.i; me count. In most of the di^tiictd
tiie count was made with the curtains
(iiaivn.
1— tIE Phclan w-jngr of the Democrats
won in every Assembly district at
[ the club jirimaries held last night
lor the election of delegates to the
State convention. It could not be other
wise. The County Central Committee
hcul a primary bottled up so tight that a
KK-mber of the opposition stood ad much
chance to have his vote counted as did
a decent Republican la a Kelly-Criaimins
district the Cay before.
Ballot-Box Stuffing and Re
peating Practiced in
Every District.
FRAUD PREVAILS
AT DEMOCRATIC
CLUB PRIMARIES
Thirty-fifth-T. K. Curran. William M. Can
tv.n. L. A. Dona van, J. H. Robertson, Louis
Ferrari. M. Kif-rnan.
(OpposiUon) Joseph I>>ggelt. J. B. CarrinR
ton. C. E. Jones. J. L. Ward, K. J. O'Rourke,
John Nlcholscn. 1>. fVCallaehan.
Thiity-sixth-J<>hn I'rcsek. H. Mclvinne, E. B.
Oirr, H. 1'. Julian. P. J. McComiaok, R. J.
O'Reilly. Max Poj-ikt, F. MoCourtney. H. I,
H»n, It. Thataaschlskl.
Thirty-pov*-nth— W. U. Williams Jr.. Thomas
O'Nell. Edward Ehottall, Charles fwel^ert,
.Tanit-s P. R*lley. H. M. I'.lark, Genrge J.
Bchmttt .sr., ivt^r Kelly. George Ulldebrant.
Tlilrty-PiKhlh— William F. «ta1T(inl Ji.hn W.
MclJimald. Ix-opu!d Marks. Waltf-r StariKf.
J<r«miah Kenny, J. W. Mulcahey Jr., lilchard
R. Wallace.
Thirty-ninth— Dr. J. S. Potts, John Smyth.
John <:. Qulnlan. J. B. Wanlcll. \V. W. Mc-
Nair. Saul Mapncr. Dr. A. A. d'Ancona.
Fortieth— James McDonald. I>. T. Samuels
M. C. Hass-rtt. Joseph Rothachlld, ICUKeno Deu
iirey. j. T, Bennett, Dr. T. K. Pawllcke.
Forty-fir^t — Barclay Henley, Grattan O.
PhUllpa, William M-.-Mann. John N. Meuh and
Willlum Craiff.
Fortv-Hi onil— R. P. Troy. R. S. Cunning
ham. James Humphreys, Antone Flynn. Jacob
Cohen. XV. J. Craminll, J<MCph Alirams, John
Kennedy, J. G. Joffrys and B. Angonct.
I'.irty-thlrrl— .lam.rs Neill. Kdward Wilson.
Dr. V.. T. Mnlahy. J. .1. MeGulre.
K< rty-fou»th— Walter <lp Martini, George Orr
Jam?? Dcvflto, Thomas niley, M. Thomas.
rVrty-fifth— William (JaU-ly, Dr. T. I!. \V.
Lcland, Jami's McKinley, «;rnrpe A. Kelly.
TT.irty-thlr'l— J. J. D'navan. J. E. Lownfy.
W. W. «;rifr>?n. Dr. O. E. SussdoriT, Frank
Maguire, Charles* Dugan, J. \V. Kelly.
Tfcfrty-fnurth— .\. W. Thompson, Owen J. Mc-
Quaii.». John Linehan, J. G. Meehan, Charles
!>. Souths John Hammond, P. J. Kennedy, J.
T. Kaive.
Twenty-ninth— Samuel Braunhart. J. J.
Sweeney. Thumas Finn, Henry Stein. Patrick
Lydon. William II. Zander.
Thirtieth— John TotnaJty. P. J. Jones, James
Parrell, Itobert Welch, Charles Kelly, George
McLauchlin.
Thirty-second— D. J. Mahnney. Dr. Charles
Tpjiipman, Frank Ryan. William H. Dwyer,
M. C. McGrmtb. M. J Gavan.
Twenty-eighth — A. Estellta. W. J. Burke,
Martin Heaney, James Kurlonc, Thomas Mc-
Dcrmutt.
The following are the delegates who
will receive credentials from the County
Central Committee:
What the Returns Showed.
The returns showed the following vote
by districts:
T-nenty-ei-hth District— 136.
Twenty-ninth District — ilo.
TiiirUt-th District— 3j0.
Tfcirty-tirsi District— Regular ticket, 546; op
position, 22.
Thirty-fourth District— Regular ticket, 1&7;
or>i>ns;!ticn, 1C2.
Thirty-fifth District— Regular ticket, 177; op-
SOsltlon, 43.
Thirty-sixth District— 430.
Thirty-seventh District— Regular .ticket, 240;
opposition, ics.
'J ¦hlrty-elclith District— 347.
Thirty-ninth District— Resrular ticket, 337; op
position, 51.
Fortieth District— 212.
l-\>rty-nrs=t District— 93.
Forty-second District— 179.
' Forty-third District— 292.
Forty-fourth District— 125.
Forty-fifth District— 133.
District Delegates Chosen.
Among those who watched the arrival
of returns were "Ropey" Maguire of the
organization committee. Supervisor
Braunhart and Attorney M. C. Hassett of
Townsend case fame.
Chairman Curran and Secretary Lynch
of the County Central Committee received
the returns at th3 committee headquar
ters in the Academy of Sciences building.
The club election boards brought the re
turns to the committee in any way that
pleased them. In many instances the bal
lots were brought to headquarters in the
coat pocket of one of the election board.
In other cases the officers neglected en
tirely the formality of bringing in either
ballots or ballot-box.
At Committee Headquarters.
Mr. Ford challenged their right to com
pletely ignore his organization, which is
the oldest and strongest in the district.
Words had no effect, however, and the
Ford crowd then secured a ballot-box
and stationed it in the rear of the saloon
at 440 Turk street. Edward Fogarty took
charge of the voting and he was assisted
by Je^se A. GalUmd and James F. Ford.
It was learned" that a side entrance to
the "500" saloon was being used by
the voters, and as this entrance was
ordered permanently closed some time
ago' by the Police Commissioners, the
violation was reported at headquarters
tind Lieutenant Martin promptly ordered
the passage closed, which was done with
some reluctance. The Ford Club claims
that Jack Cavanaujh. who served as in
spector for the other club, is a resident of
Mission street, the house at 15(M Polk
Street, where it was claimed he lived, be
inp occupied by Samuel Hallowell.
It is the intention of the Ford Club to
file a protest with the State Committee
and send a contesting delegation to the
convention. Both clubs claim two county
There was a hot time in the Thirty-ninth
Assembly District. Two Bryan and Ste
venson clubs, each claiming to be the of
ficial Democratic organization of- the dis
trict, were responsible for the discord.
The club supposed to have the backing of
the outs opened a polling p!are in the
"i00" ralocn. at the corner of Turk and
Lark:n streets. Three or four soap boxes
piled up In front of a door, the panel of
wbk-h was removed, served as a polling
place. There were live officers on guard
Inside and nearly as many on the outside.
The regular Bryan and Stevenson club,
headed by James T. Kord. had arranged
to manape the polling place, but upon
learning that all arrangements had been
made Ly the other faction it was decided
to visit th«?m and demand representation.
Mr. Ford called personally and requested
permission to examine the ballot-box and
a!.«o authority to name one of the primary
otllcers from his club. Both requests
were promptly refused.
Lively Time in Thirty-ninth.
ticket peddler, acted as inspector, and his
voice could be heard In the making up of
excuses to deprive rightful voters of thft
privilege.
The opposition came prepared and had a
stenographer stationed at the window to
secure evidence of fraud. Ills count show
ed that the total vote was less than 250.
while the returns from the "insiders"
called for 343. Of thvJSP who voted, the
oppositions claim that 173 electors will
make affidavit that they voted against the
Phelan ganjr. Zemansky's returns show
108 votes for the opposition. After the
polls had closed Zemansky and his fol
lowers, escorted by the police officers,
brought the tickets to headquarters.
PHELAN BOSSES IMITATE
MINT SALOON METHODS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.
28
. : ; . .¦¦¦¦.¦ ' -. .
JL O'BRIEN & CO.
Take great pleasure in informing their
patrons that they have just received a
shipment of the latest and most com-
plete . assortments^- of Lad:es' Suits,
Capes and Jackets from, the first
European * houses.
We will thank the public for an in-
spection of these goods, as" our repu-
tation for s:e.iing values in the above
lines is well established.
J. O'BRIEN ..& CO.,
1146 MARKET STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"The Fire and Food"
Say* Dr. Bennett, "of Man'™ Ener-
gies Lie* in Mnnliootl" — The Doc-
tor Guarantee* Ills Electric llelt
to Cure All Weaknens of Men and
Women — He CaiitioiiM You Against
Imitations of III* Belt.
If you suffer from any weakness pe-
culiar to men — one of the disorders, the
direct result of the abuse of Nature's
plain laws, the greatest £rror you can
commit is putting drugs into your stom-
v\\ i . ach in the vain
/53Kk£ji> hope of finding re-
f*t9Vr lief - Drugs cannot
j -^ *X'!V\ \ and will not cure
y N >/>7l_j \ these diseases, and
s — / • J """* v ""\ ) it is only a matter
/ /• xJ of time until they
/ [ A utterly ruin your
/ } I "^ ~ / stomach. Nature
/•v#i'A Vi 'M-X not c' ve man a
/ fcfet&TiZkL. etomach for the
,1 /«>H^S!*$pW receptacle of lrri-
v 1 / I ' \'!\irh- tating drugs and
yV i-C-X 1 nostrums. Nature
;v*y^4 I gave a remedy for
/;mjN I these diseases,
*'i\ \ V I however— Electric-
< t\ A I ity. It is Nature's
\ A\. ,/ own remedy and
VxllV'A wil1 cure a11 tn «
I M \ 1Ils t0 wh'^h hu-
1 ' manity is afflicted. '
It is the only remedy for weak men and
women.
DR. BENNETT'S ELECTRIC BELT
Gives the right kind of a current to cure
these diseases, and I warrant the cure In
every case. If my Belt will not cure you
I do not want your money and will not
sell it to you. I have known for many
years that Electricity was the greatest
curative agent that would ever be known.
I did not like the method of applying
Electricity as taught in colleges and
elaborated upon i in medical books, as
their methods proved a failure general-
ly. Their methods falling was mother
to the invention of my Electric Belt.
They failed, as all other electric belts
and appliances now fail, on account of
the crude electrodes used.
My Belt is the greatest known treat-
ment nnd gives more than four times the
current of other belts and does away
entirely with that frightful burning and
blistering caused hy all others. My Belt
has soft, silken, chamois-covered sponge
electrodes, my exclusive patent, that
make burning and blistering a physical
Impossibility. All other belts have bare [
metal electrodes upon which ver-Tigris
accumulates, and verdigris, being a dead-
ly poison, may produce blood poisoning
and perhaps death. Do not be misled by
concerns placing a thin coating of cham-
ois or felt over "these bare electrodes.
Kloctrlcitv will not ponetrate those cov-
erings, but verdigris will. If mine isn't
best, why do they try to imitate me? Ask
yourself that question. My Belt can be
renewed when burned out for 75c: no
other bolt can be renewed for any price,
and when burned out Is worthless. All
electric belts will in time burn out. My
Electrical Suspensory for the perfect
cure of diseases of men free to each
male patient. Beware of "Free Trials"
and "Pay-When-You-Are-Cured" con-
cerns. • Write to me and I will expose
their method.
If yon have pnrehased one of these
Iniitntlonn nnd it lturnn nnd nllatcrM
or »ilv«-s n» ••uri'fnl, or if you are
afrnid of verdlarln. for n limited
time. only. I will tnke it an half
payment for one of mine.
I absolutely guarantee my Belt to cure
Sexual Impotency. ¦ Lost Manhood, Vari-
coccle, Seminal Weaknesses, Spermator-
rhoea inrl all other Sexual Disorders In
either sex; restores Shrunken or Unde-
veloped Organs and Ixist Vigor: cures
Rheumatism In every guise. Kidney,
Liver and Bladder Troubles. Constipa-
tion, Dyspepsia and all Female Com-
plaints.
Write or call for a book I have written
"The Finding of the Fountain of Eternal
Youth." sent free, postpaid, for the ask-
ing. It will tell you all about It. Advice
and consultation without cost. All com-
munications sacredly confidential. Sold
Drf Bennett sssfc
COUXER POST A>n KEAUXV STS.
Entrance 47 I'oat St.,
IS ooki.<i 5 and «».
RRTTQHFTQ FOR barbers, dak-
JDJaU OXaJ&O ers - bootblacks,' bath-
houses, billiard tables,
¦•brewers, bookbinders, enndy-makere, canners,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
; UUCr ANAN BROS.;
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento SI.
P ft FT n fi \l A I c °™er Fourth and !
I ALL wiiVnl Market - s F - Tr y
l.Uir 111 I 1 111 our Special Brew
UllI L IIU I flL hti:im ;iml LaBer-
3c. Overcoats ' and
Valisea checked free.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
?0KFAQSIE GENERALS THAKSATLANTIQUeJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -~ m^~
Sailing every Thursday, instead of tffir&ys
i Saturday, from November 2, 1SJ9, at ¦^'*^^j»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North Klver, foot of
Morton street. LA TOURAINE, Ausust 30-
L'AQUITAINE, Sept. C; L.A BRETAGNK*
Sept. It; LA LORRAINE. Sept. 30. First class
to Havre, $S2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre. %oa and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL, AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson buiWlnB), New York. J. F. FUQAZ1
& CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. >
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS. *
Steamer /'Monticello."
,MON., '.Tues., Wed." Thurs. and Sat. at 9-45
a. rn.,* 2:15, 8:30 p. m. : (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. ra: and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p.im. Landing and. office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. ¦ 2. Telephone Main 150S.
; FARE; ....:......:..;....•.;.... eoo
FAMOUS
GILEOY HOT SPRINGS
Toe w&t9f9 are xzoteu fop their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. (.lout. Lead and Mercurial
Polsonlngr, Liver and Kidn»y ixaeajes. Neural.
Fla. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Uagnlflcent
ecenery. delightful walks. Hunting and flsn-
lnjr. No fogs. Unequaled for hea'th, rest and
recreation. Rates. $12 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets, S. F.. ». a.
m and 2:43 p. m. daily. Carriages at GHroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets adJress
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
CI^AnHQ H0T SPRINGS. SONOMA
O TV /-* vl VI XJ County; oniy 4H> hour*
I from San Francisco and but nine miles of
• tasinic: waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best n.itural bath !n State; jrrand mountain
scenery; Kccd, trcut streams at dcor; telephone
telegraph: daily mall and express: FIRST-
, CLASS HOTEL AND STAGS SERVICE:
i mortilne and afternoon stages; round trip from
I San Francisco only 15 50. Take Tlburon terry
at 7:30 a. in. or 2:.T0 p. m. Terms. $2 a aajr or
$i; a week. References— «»ny gnest of the past
five years; patronase constantly Increasing.
J. F. MULGRKW. Proprietor.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS J^ttl
Springs: new raarmnr»nt; a place of comfort
all seasons: 46 miles from 8. F.. via Tlburon .
ferry. R. R. station on hotel grounds: ext>n«a
eive swlmmine tank: $10 50 and vt> per week-^
round trip $1 10 on Sunday. COOPER & STEW-
ART. Arua Callente. CaL Long-distance pbone.
T4MP MPPSTFD Fr»» from ff^ca and eol(t
UA.Ur l?lC r aXIi wln<l3. The Popular Resort
Amons RHwoivls of Sonoma "Co. ; Free Boat-
Ins. Bathing. Fishlne and Huntin*. Lots sell
from $10 to $73. Cott^ST^s built from $30 and
upward. Board and lodfrlng. $3 per week: un-
furnl^rrori rooms. $1 ppr week. Address H. M»
ORKGSON. Camp Meeker.
THE GEYSERS, SX:
* ONE OK NATURE'S ¦WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, ftalilax.
banting and livery. Write for pampbJM. L
WEHTHEIMER. Manager.
CL iilUnlC UUICL. Cool mountain dl-
matp, beautiful drives; avers** temperature
90 d?Rrees; no wind or mosquitoes; 2 hours
from Pan Francisco: 5 trains daily; no con-
sumptives talcen. JXO. NEV1LL. Proprietor.
SANTA Crnz Mountains — A quiet ranch, ttvm
miles from Panta Cruz; dellchtful summer
home in reriwrxxls; runninp water: abundance
fruit: eood table: terms $."> W week. Address
I W. CRANDALL, Santa Cruz. Cal.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYollSEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COtt-
nrr First ar.d Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra..
for YOKOHAMA »ntl HONOKONG. calling at
Kot*> <H1oj:o), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and]
connecting at Honjrkon* with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on da7
nf sailing.
SS. HONOKONG MARTJ
Wednesday, August 29. 1300 ,
S3. NIPPON MAKU «• .V
Saturday, September 22. 1900 1
SS. AMERICA M A nr. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1900
• '• Via Honolulu.
Round-tr1i» tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at" company's offlc«.
421 Market strret, corner of First.
.; W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
StnprJnjr at Cherbojin*. westbound.
| From New York Everv Wednesday. 19 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. ."1st. Paul Sept. M
! St. Louis Sept. i: St. Louis Oct. 3
New York Sept. 131 New York Oct. 10
RED STAR LINE.
, New York and AntwerD.
Kro ..New York- Everv Wednesday. 12 noon.
Sout% -irk Kept. 5f Noorrtland S*pt. 2«
r West&nland ...Pr-pt. 12! Frleslan.1 Oct. 3
Kensington ....Sept. W Southwark Oct. 19
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
0CEAXIC S. S. CO.-HOSOtlTMr, JLPJA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S S M\RIPOSA fvia Honolulu) to Xew
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Sept. 5. S p. m.
S S AUSTRALIA (Honolulu r.nly>
' ' Wednesday. Sept. 19. 2 p. m.
L D. bYUcCKELS « 8K0S.C0.. Agts.. :•* Mantga.marj
Pier 7. Foct Pacific Si. Freight Orflce. 32? Market St.
t/rtPBSnC* I I S3 r* HATHOR .^SOtnns
iCnSmllS I liar OCTA VIA ...70OO tons
• . ; ABYDOS ....<00« tfcv
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamb'aJ?^
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
S. 8. Tanis. 430O tons, sails about August 29.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montfcomery st. Pier No. 7— Freight office.
£27 Market St.. San Francisco.
SISSON TAVERN.
Where Shasta's summit, clad in enow.
Emiles down on Nature's broad expanse.
Far from the chilling summer fo«rs and free
from winds and dust and heat. SISSON TAV-
KRX 3300 feet above the sea level, on the ever-
green Mopes of Shasta. Is the Ideal spot" for a
6ummer vacatton. Near It <the great forests of
pine and cedar and hemlock, around It a wide
expanse of meadows, about It th« perfect
beauty of Shasta.
For the Idler— rest. For the hunter— the great
same of the mountains. For the angler— the
salmon and the trout In the headwaters of the
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL. AT SIS-
SON'S DOOR. The tavern i9 new and fresh
and clean, with every modern comfort. The
railway brings one almost to the door, where
Nature Is her grandest, come and learn 'how
crand her inspirations are. Rates, $10 to $tt
nfrr week $2 60 per - day. Guides and horses
For mountain cHmbln*. MRS. M. L. SISSON.
Proprietor. Slsson. Cal.
OHEUMATiSM
O\. ...-CVHE.D'--- -
by the waters and the> mud baths ¦
and the hot mineral baths of
BYRON POT SPRINGS
Addrpss A. BETTKNS. Manager.
Byron Hot Snrine?. Cal.
LOMBAIU) & CO.. ZH Oeary St.. City Agts.
"bLub lakhs.
Lake Co. : fine ' flshlns. bonting. bathing and
hunting: !n the hwirt of the mountains. The
be«t tabl«> in Lake Co. Address O. WEIS-
JIAX, Mldlake P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county In
California. Trout fishing— finest In the State-
Shove! Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of grame In surrounding mountains —
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors. Tleswlck. Plsklyon County. Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- s S ful i n
Kaps, Valley. The Institution has all th» ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped tanitarlura. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
ET. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. CaL
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County to
sptnd your vacation. Boating, bathinpr. howl-
ing, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to "H. WAMBOLP.
Laurel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
KAHLEIVS new summer resort, Cazadero. CaL
—Home cooktr.g. excellent fishing and hunt-
Ing: general mdse.. choice liquors, cigars;
popular prices. ., -, >. |
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
Nk vrharf, San Francisco:
?sJh-»»_ *' or Alaskan Torts— 11 a.
|WJS^v_ rn., August 24. 29, Sept. S.
CT^M^ri^^ ers at Seattle.
B^C<m XlM For Victori.i. Vancouver
y^gW^MJ <B. C). Tort Towns«nd. Se-
r attle. Tacorr.a. Kverptt. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.)— 11 «. m.. August
24. 29. Sept. 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. R'y: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt. Bay — 2 p. m.. August
26. 31. Sept. 6. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon, Cayu-
coa. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pe<lro (Los Angeles) and Newport— t
a. m.. August 23. 27. 31, Sept. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11
a. m.. August 23, 29. Sept. 2. and every fourth
day thereafter.;
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a, m., 7th of
each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
¦ The company reserves the right tn change
steamers, galling dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICK— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
' , GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
¦ : From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
Cinr $12 First Class including Berth
rftnC $8 Second Class and Meals-
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails...
.". -....August 31
COLUMBIA sails... August 28, Sept. 5
¦Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
- . ¦ 630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
<5 9 ur treatnient gives vim. vicor, vi-
p tality, strength and ambition to men,
§ -'^^^^Sr 5 S^eii^ younpr or old. married or single, recard-
P-. * ess °* e c . ause °* tne ' r trouble. We
$ '"** . master wasting weakness, etc., quickly
8 ¦ and permanently.
§"We also cure special and contracted diseases, including contagious blood
poison, stricture, varlcocele, hydrocele, rupture, plies, diseases, of the kidney,
spine, bladder, etc.
« Our remedies, which have stood the-trylng test of time, are compounded
g by graduated pharmacists In our own private laboratory- FREE TO PA-
<s> TIENTS ' '
8 Our methods and appliances have proved, by thousands of actual tests, to
Q be 6Uj5erior to all others. Our Institution la the largest and best equipped
Yi and our practice the most extensive.
g The reputation of our Institution 13 the best. We are popular because we
« cure our patients. We gained our present high standing by curing diseases
Q and weakness, not only in their earlier stages, but those which had become
g chronic and dangerous by bad treatment or neglect. Every member of our
<§ staff has had many years* experience in hospitals, general practice and aa
Q specialists in curing diseases and weakness of men.
g We have long been operating a successful home cure system. Private book
vS for men, question list, advice, etc., iree at office or by mail.
I ELEVATOR ENTRANCE.* Hours— 8 to 5 DaHj, Evenings 7 to 8, Sundays 9 ta II,
EJlifo at ~1 Bj^KATDDVESHOOI
S LI IB dl l\ I|l#^u£iisi24*and25i>
''"• ii a i c% a
i n flTPB del I flJTdfiJifm i§FPr uuvl siew
:• Means a eood time all the time. j v /: '*l\ "-\ T?\ ' Tfo T3
j Excursion parties, Huntinc. Fish- • X/lvJ kiSfSl^AaaAnBAr
InK and Yachtins Tartlp?. It is W .K/,\\fc§|j M P/ff) K[l 3 dj/fl 33 Pg r 3^
country life with city advantages. j va>\'\f2' ' fU'"\£.Ll*F Si \j \ja\3vj
I 'GET SPECIAL SUMMER RATES | f||J§f wnT ~ P RIVK-<^
I F. S. BABCOCK. Manasrer, Coro- \ 1 I .JIHBIE3"* > *ii » I INtJcS^v^J
wx^o^fAv^' ! Ro « nd Tr! P- 0n8 and One-Third Fare. I
j GET INFORMATION at j illustrated booklet and further Infcr-
628 Market Street, ! mation of frank w. kly. city Agent. I
H o -c»_ i «^~i ' Tel. Red 22C6. 640 Market St.. S. P. j
4 San Francisco, Cal. OTTO E. NEVER. Prop.. Paso Rob!es,Ctl. I-CALLUSTRO WINDOW AND MIRROR POL
ISHERS.'. " They are easier to use than read
about. Dispense with sloppy buckets, soap and
sponges for your windows, mirrors and marbles
You see through glass darkly without Callustro.
No store's stock complete without them, . , •
Mission Chapter, Order of Eastern Star,
hall In Mission Masonic Hall, was crowded
to Its limit last night with an audience
which responded to attend the children's
night - entertainment. The programme
consisted of a number of literary and
musical numbers, rendered by children of
members of the chapter.
A Children's Night
Fre* Lectures on Education.
The trustees of the Saj> Francisco State
Normal School have provided for a series
of lectures- at the Normal School building.
Powell street, near Clay, during the en
suing year, to which the public, espe
cially teachers, are Invited. These lec
tures will be given at 3:30 In the afternoon.
The first of the series will be given by
Professor E. P. Cubberley of Stanford
University upon the topic. 'The Course
of Study in the San Francisco Public
Schools." The lectures will take place
on August 27. September 14, September 24
and October 8. The course of study upon
which he will talk Is the new course re
cently adopted by the Board of- Educa
tion. The second course will be given by
Mr. Weinstock of Sacramento on Octo
ber 1, October 10. October 24 and Novem
ber 7 and 21. Professor Elmer Brown will
begin his course In October. Other courses
will be given by President David Starr
Gov. Roosevelt's . Intended Message.
About the Art Carpet Shop selling out had
its effect. The clever people are crowding
the shop- for the marvelous bargains.
12x9 High Tea Art Rugs $5 43. wortb/$io;
linoleums, the kind made of boiled linseed,
fi7c," worth S5c; rugs from 4Sc to $50; Tap
Brussels 57c. worth S5c: mattings 7&c,
worth 15c. 22S Powell street. ••
Miss Maude Sorense^ the star, of the
Brownie troupe., gave a reception and
banquet to thirty of her fellow-Brownies
In the. maple room of the PaJace Hotel
yesterday afternoon. The occasion was
quite unique, the honored guests being
children, but each one a professional per
former in some special act. The menu
was elaborate and at the table each of the
Brownies was presented . with a .button
bearing the portrait of the hostess. There
was a big cake with a ruby ring in it. and
this was won by one of the male members
of the company.
After the repast there was dancing and
music, the various little artists doing their
best to entertain their fellows. Tho af
fair was a success and was to celebrate
the departure of the troupe on Its Eastern
tour, with little Miss Sorensen as the star
Among those present were:
: Tern McCormlck. "Miss Florence Grainer, Miss
Theresa Zckind, Peplto Ferrando, Miss Annie
Lerner. Miss Alice Condon. Arthur • Parent
MIfs Mildred Fitzgerald. Miss Pinky Llvernaali'
Miss" Lottie Levertdee, -Henry Wynn, ¦ Arthur
Wynn, htis* Genevlev* McCormick, Miss May
McCormick. Miss Lillle McCormick, Arthur
Barracks. Louis Barracks, Miss Annie Guerin
Miss lone McLouth, Carl Johneon, Benjamin
Harrison Lerner. Miss Eva ¦ Lerner. ¦ Raymond
Crawford, Miss Lillian Rhodes, Miss Marie
Louise Conkey, Miss Queenie Til ton, Miss Flor
ence Emery. Leo Barton, Clarence Elmer.
MISS MAUD SORENSEN
ENTERTAINS BROWNIES
The Park Band will render tho following mu
sical programme this afternoon:
Overture. "La Gazza Ladra" Rosstn!
"Serenade". Moszkowskt
Selection. "Fatinitza"' Suppe
"Pasquinade" Gottschalk
"Voyage In a Troopship" Kappey
Overture. "Berlin In Tears and Smiles" ¦
Conradl
Finale third act and storm scene from "RI-'
goletto".' Verdi
"Czardas" Dellbea
Waltz. "Jolly Girls" Voilstedt
March. "Native Sons'* Horst
Music at the Park.
Out at D. L. Farnsworth's residence.
135 Golden Gate avenue, four doctors are
fighting for the life of the senior member
Ot the firm of Farnsworth & Rusreles.
Last night he was so low that hope for
his recovery was almost abandoned.
Heart disease and complications have
brought Mr. Farnsworth to death's door.
Some time ago his doctor recommended
a rest from business cares, but at that
time he refused to leave. Finally his
condition compelled him to seek a com
plete change and he went down to Cata
lina Island. He did not seem to be much
benefited by the trip, however, and two
weeks ago came back. .
Mr. Farnsworth is an old resident , and
prominent citizen. -Ten years ago he oc
cupied a seat in the Board of Supervisors
and has always played a conspicuous pan
in any movement for public benefit.
Drayman.
Four Doctors Fight for the Life of D.
L. Farnsworth, the Well-Known
PROMINENT CITIZEN IS
LYING AT DEATH'S DOOR
and Charles Edelman Will be
Largest Stockholder.
A new Democratic evening- paper la
promised for San Francisco. A meeting
of the prospective stockholders was held
In the Chronicle building yesterday after
noon. The capital stock was fixed at
$100,000. and the articles of Incorporation
are expected to be filed Monday. Charles
Edelman is to take 520.000 worth of stock,
and other incorporatora will Include Pat
rick Boland and William Gibbons. Leigh
Irvine Is to be editor In chief and Thomas
Rush business manager. The paper will
advocate the principles of Bryan and Ste
venson and will cater generally to Demo
cratic interests.
The Capital Stock Will Be $100,000,
NEW DEMOCRATIC DAILY
WILL BE STARTED HERE
Elizabeth Regan Released on Motion
of District Attorney — Burglar
Nesbit Gets Four Years.
Robert L. Tanner, murderer of Deputy
Sheriff J. B. Brown and Mrs. Fannie
Barnes, was sentenced to life lmprlson
rr-ent In Folsom prison by Judge Dunne
yesterday. On August 26. 1S99. Tanner
shot his victims. He lollowed them to
a room in the St. Mato Hotel. 403 Fol
eom street, where, he claimed at first.
Brown and Mrs. Barnes assaulted him.
compelling him In defense of his own life
to shoot them. Tanner pleaded not
guilty on the day of his arraignment,
but subsequently withdrew this plea and
pleaded erullty to a charpe of murder In
the second degree. His pica was accepted
by the court, and yesterday the aged
prisoner was sent across the bay for life.
Mrs. Elizabeth Refan. who shot and
killed Police Officer Thomas H. Kennedy
on January 13. 1S90, was released from
custody yesterday. On the motion of the
District Attorney the case was dismissed,
the prosecutinp: officer holding that the
evidence apainst Mrs. Regan was insuf
ficient to convict. '
John Nesbit. who broke into the King
House, Fourth and Howard streets, on
May 22 last and was convicted of burg
lary, was sentenced to serve four years
In San Quentln. Frank Williams was
committed to the County Jail for one
year for the commission i .' a similar of
fense.
TANNER SENTENCED TO
LIFE IMPRISONMENT
Three shots fired by an unknown per
son -at the corner of Jones and Pacific
streets caused considerable commotion
and mystery In the neighborhood Friday
evdiing. The police at the California-
Street station made a rigid examination,
but as yet nothing has developed which
will give a clew as to who the shooter
was.
¦ About 10 o'clock three reports from a
revolver were heard distinctly by resi
dents', In the neighborhood of where they
were fired. The street soon filled with
people. and Special Officer Charles
Mahnke, followed closely by Officer Ed
wards, was soon on the scene. Two men
who were passing on Jones street
claimed to have seen the flashes from a
pistol in tfite rear of a fruit store kept by
D. Gianini. The officers found the rear j
door of the store open, but the proprietor,
who slept upstairs, says he knows noth
ing of any disturbance.
The matter was Immediately reported
to the California-street police station and
an Investigation was at once commenced,
but thus far the mystery remains un- !
solved. !
Residents in Neighborhood Alannei
But No Clew Has Been Obtained
As to Who the Shooter
Was.
Three Shots Fired at th
Corner of Pacific and
POLICE PUZZLED
BY MYSTERIOUS
PISTOL REPORTS
Martin received over a hundred answers
to the advertisements. Among the lot was
one written by Albert Wagner, who lives
at 1331 Valencia street. Martin promptly
invited him to call at his hotel. After in
troducing himself as the Pacific Coast
agent for the National Fire Insurance
Company of Marion, S. C. Martin en
gaged Wagner to assist him at a salary
of $G0 a month. He demanded that Wag
ner furnish $300 as a guarantee of good
faith offering to refund the amount as
soon 'as Wagner became tired of tho work.
Suspecting that the man was -not a3 he
represented himself to be, Wagner, after
promising to call .the next day, .went to
police headquarters and Informed Captain
Sevmour of Martin's proposition. Sey
mour advised him to lead him on and
gather sufficient evidence to warrant Mar
'bv appointment Wagner met Martin at
the Palace Hdtel yesterday morning and
Informed him that he had decided to ac
cept his proposition. Martin had a sten
ocrapher in the hotel draw up an agree
ment by which Wagner was to become
his employe at a salary of $G0 a month,
and that If he violated any of the terms
of the agreement he wag to lose' the
amount he was to put up as a guarantee
of good faith. \
After the agreement was drawn up
Martin took Wagner to the office of a
Notary Public on Montgomery street,
where they both signed their names to the
P "Now everything Is settled," patroniz
ingly remarked Martin, "all except the
small amount that Is required as a guar-
Wagner. without offering a reply, grab
bed tne agreement which Martin held In
his hand and started to make off with it
Martin seized him \nd vainly struggled
for the possession of the paper. Just then
Detectives Crockett and Dillon, who had
been watching the pair, stepped up and
placed Martin under arrest. He offered
no objection, and was at once taken to
police headquarters. To Captain Sey
mour he said he had recently arrived from
Nome and in proof of this assertion he
exhibited a sack of gold dust.' Despite his
protestations of Innocence he was locked
up in the tanks, pending further investi
gation. On his person was found a largo
number of letters in answer to the ad
vertisements he inserted in the news
papers.
Captain r Seymour Is satisfied that the
prisoner Intended to make a clean-up by
hls scheme and then leave the city. Last
evening he learned that the National Fire
Locked up In the tanks in the City
Prison is a well dressed, middle-aged man,
whom Captain of Detectives Seymour
strongly tuspects of being a clever swin
dler. The prisoner's name Is Henry Mar
tin. He was arrested yesterday morning
by Detectives Dillon and Crockett while
engaged in a row with Albert Wagner.
Martin arrived here several days ago
from Nome and rented apartments In the
Grand Hotel. ' Shortly afterward he
caused to be inserted the following adver
tisements-ln the daily newspapers;
WANTED — An energetic young man to travel,
collect and to act as general helper to adver
tiser: all expenses paid; salary itiu per month;
three hundred dollars security demanded.
WANTED— A person to take agency In this city
for our campaign buttons; persona acquainted
with Jobbing trade preferred. National Cam
paign Button Company. 6962 Horton place, St.
Engaged in a Row With an Al
leged Prospective Victim and
Is Arrested — Denies His
Guilt.
Henry Martin, a Suspected
Swindler, Locked Up in
tne l an&s-
MANY ANSWEBS
TO THE LURING
ADVERTISEMENTS
S. A. Fahey, a mechanic, residing at 35
U'eish street, fell in front of a street car
which he was attempting to board at East
and Mission streets' last nicht. He was se
verely Injured. His head Is badly cut ar.d
there is a possible fracture of the skull.
He was treated at the Harbor Reeeivir.ir
Hospital.
Struck By a Car.
Insurance Company of Marion, South
Carolina, existed only In Martin's imagi
native brain. To-day an effort will be
made to find If he has any criminal
record.
Jordan and Rev. C. E. Brown, lecturer
on ethics in Stanford University.
Grand MarshaJ CostcMn will on the day
cf the parade have a cavalcade of aids.
I Ht for the past month he has had a lady
;-.!d who has been of the greatest assist
ance to him in keeping track of all the de
tails of hi* office. This is Miss Mary Hub-
Lard Welton, the sranddaughter of
pioneers, both her paternal and maternal
prar.d fat hers having come to the land of
gold before the admission of California
as a State. She has had charge of hun
dreds of letters ar.d other documents that
have been received In connection with the
parade and by systematic method can pro-
The members of La Estrella Parlor of
ti»« Native Daughters of the Golden West,
the parlor which on a number of previous
Admission day celebrations carried oJf the
honors, have decided that the parlor
Fhail be represented «by twenty of it3
members, who wl'l-oe costumed in white
organdie dresses, white hats, ties and
jrlovcp. acting as guard of honor to a
p-ipantic star emblematic of the parlor's
r.ame. This is to be placed on wheels and
•wiil be rolled clor.g by- two little boys
coFtumed in white. . The guard of uonor
•Riil walk,' following the handsome flag
that was made by one of tlie members.
The parlor has secured headquarters at
the Palace and has arranged the follow
ing programme: Saturday, September 8.
reception afternoon und evening; Sunday,
September 9. reception afternoon and con
cert from 8 to 10 o'clock in the evening;
Monday. September 19. parade In the
morriirV. reception alter the parade and
informal hop in the evening; Tuesday,
September 11, open hcuse all day and
dar.ee ;n the evening.
MISS TTELTON IS AN AID TO
GRAND MARSHAL. MISS
YOUNG IS OF CAL1FIA PAR
LOR AND MR. AUBl'RY AP
PKARS IN PARADE UNIFORM
OF RAMONA PARLOR.
«7TP S the time of the Admission day
;'l_\ celebration draws near the actlv
/ f = *'t3 ltv a t the headauarters In the
Palace Hotel increases, and eacn
cay the eeveral committees place the fin-
Ifhir.? touches on the plans they have ar
ranged. Last evening the reports from
each were that all was nearly in readiness
California Notion and Toy Company. $50-
Charles F. Curry. Fan Francisco News Com
pany, A. E. Davis. Windsor Hotel. Lebenbauii
& Co.. Hooker & Co., Dow Steam Pump Co
California Saw Works. Henshaw. Bulkeley &
Co.. W. T. Garratt & Co.. Union Gas Engine
Company. Stle K er & Ken-. Pan Francisco Xov
elty and Plating Works, John Shirley F B
& J A. Hooper M. V. Radovlch. Christensen
& Fharp. H. Heitmann. Meyer, Wilson & Co
Glrvin & Err*. Re!!!n<rham Bay Improvement
Company. M. J. Brandensteln & Co.. A Schil
ling & Co.. Macondray & Co.. Pacific Pine
Lumber Company and Grays Harbor Commer
cial Company $25 each.
A number of parlors will display beau
tiful new banners on the day of 'parade,
notably California, Sacramento. Mission
and Mount Tamalpais.
The executive council of the finance
committee has Issued a circular cajllnc
attention to the tact that the Bay Bx
cursion Company will have boats out on
the night of the naval parade and that
the company will allow a rebate of "5
cents on ever}' ticket sold by the XatWo
Sons the money thus obtained to be
placed in the celebration fund
The following contributions were ac
knowledged yesterday:
U. A. Todd. Frank Pabichl, J. W. Krause
Martin AKulrre. C. F. Heinzeman, L. F Soto'
Jamee Sabtchl. Georpe Sablchl, A. A Eck
ftrcm. L. L» Robinson Walter LeD« Kdward
Schmidt. S. A. D. Jones. R. F. Mvllle ft
A. Stassforth, J. Ryland. E. A. Mesene' II'
E. Carter. E. C. Brodie, George H. Bancroft'
A. C Little. Calvert Wilson. Mark Jon* L.'
K Aubury. S. p. Dewey. J. F. Ccnley. Chirles
Stanbury. A. U Smith. J. W. Sharp A J
Pprtnper. F. A. Fernandez. R. T. F. Compton
George \V. Beebe. II. C. Ucbtenberger. F a'.
Ftephenson. E. N. Baxter, w. J. Variel' H
J. Le'.and. L. V. Youmrworth. W. J Hu'naa
ker. \V. A. Hammel and J. V. Scott.
The members of Ramona Parlor of Txis
Angeles will appear In the procession
mounted to the number of fifty In the at
tractive costume of the old-time Mexl
£*-£f- T^ 55 Par' 01 "- of which ex-Senator
\\hite is a member, .will strive to make
the best showing in the line In the matter
of costumes The parlor will entertain
at tho Grand in this city. The following
named will appear in costume:
Stockton Parlor, of which Grand Orator
R. C. Rust is a member, has arranged for
a reception on board the H. J. Corcoran
on the night of the 9th.
duce any when wanted without delay and
can also give Information as to what ar
rangement each association that has ac
cepted an invitation to take part In the
procession has made. ' '
C. Ardltto of Excelsior Parlor. X. S. G.
W., of Jackson. Amador County, has been
chosen aid to the grand marshal. Mr.
Arditto, who is past president of the
parlor. Is a handsome-looking young man
and an excellent horseman.
An elaborate programme of entertain
ment has been prepared by Alcalde Parlor
for the celebration. On the night of Sep
tember S there will be high Jinks at head
quarters, -presided over by George Al
ferltz. One of the features will be a min-
Ftrel performance by members attired as
Mexicans in the gay and attractive cos
tumes of the early days. The members
will not appear with black but with brown
faces. R. II. Andrews and Joseph Wat
son are to bo the end men a-rfB* Captain
John Staude will be the Interlocutor.
Oorge Alferitz and H. J. Pera^zl will
offer as a specialty characteristic Spanish
dances In costume. On the night of Tues
day, the Ilth, the Alcalde Driu Corps will
give an exhibition of fancy drill under
command of Captain Staude. James A.
Devoto ajid G. Alferitz have secured 100
boxas of fruit for the guests of the parlor,
which has f2000 contributed by the mem
bers for entertainment purposes. Next
Wednesday this parlor will jjive Its inter*
esting side degree to a number of candi
dates in Oanrillo Hall, Native Sons' build
ins, for the edification of Native Sons.
James Dolph Jr. . has been named as
division marshal from Hesperian Parlor.
The Pa-st Presidents' Association has
decided to give its first banquet on the
night of September 8. Governor Gage, ex-
Senator White. Senator Bard, General
Bhafter. Julius Kalin, Eusene F. Loud
and Nilps Searls have been invited to
attend tho festivities.
"I have a solemn appreciation of the
grave responsibilities tl at will confront
me," the Bishop said. 'It would be pre
sumptious in me or any other man not
lo feel his inadequacy to cope with a. task
so severe. 1 go at a time when all the
questions of losses, indemnity and the re
tstablisliment of our rrv.ssiors are tc be
determined, and they must be settled un
der the direction of the Bishop. It Is a
delicate and responsible duty, and I go
with a becoming gravity and not with the
greatest hopefulness Imaginable. I hope
I will be aided by the Good Spirit to do
the work properly. The new condition of
affairs there promises more than anything
in the past for the material progress of
China and i the advancement of thfc cause
of Christ. I look for a grand future for
China, however the present troubles may
turn out, and along with that for the
great progress of civilization."
Bishop Moore has a personal letter from
his friend. President William McKinley.
to the military and naval authorities In
China, which he thinks will be of great
aid to him In penetrating the lines and
pursuing his investigations.
- Bishop John %V. Hamilton was born In
Western Virginia in 1S45. He is a graduate
of the Boston University and was licensed
to preach In 1SG5 and Joined the Plttsburg
Conference a year later. In 1SCS he was
transferred to the New England Confer
ence, of which he has beirn ever (since a
member. Five times In succession Dr.
Hamilton has been Bent as a delegate to
the General Conference, an undoubted
proof of the regard In which he Is held by
his conference. For the past eight years
be ha3 been the secretary of the Preed
men'8 Aid and Southern Educational So
ciety. His great success In the Southland
has proved that he was the right man In
the right place.
Dr. Hamilton has durlnfr the past eight
years devoted himself to educational work
In the Southland. His official residence
was Cincinnati. At the last General Con
ference he was elected Bishop and was
assigned to the Pacific Coast. As soon as
the social pleasantries are over with
Bishop Hamilton will go to Reno. Sew,
and attend a conference, and on Its ad
journment he will for the next seven
weeks be called upon to attend confer
ences In this State, Texas and Mexico
After he has completed his work he will
have to journey East and meet the other
Bishops of the church to make out the
Episcopalian plan for the spring confer
ence beginning in January. After that he
will have to attend some Joint committee
meetings in Brooklyn and Xew York. lie
has the distinction of being the youngest
Bishop on the board, and his brethren
appreciate his youth by calling upon him
to do all the traveling. ,
Bishop Hamilton's family will soon re
join him In this city and he expects to
make his residence here.
In discussing his contemplated work In
his new field of labor. Bishop Moore
stated last night that he would look for
ward to his work with a freat deal of in
terest.
Few men in Methodism are nore widely
known than Bishop Moore. Aa editor of
the Western Christain Advocate, publish
ed In Cincinnati, lie has won fame by his
brilliant articles and by his a ; >le manage
ment of that well-known dei ominational
journal. He was born in Oht.i in 1S3S and
graduated from the Ohio Inlverslty In
lfcGO. . In the ' samo year he entered the
conference of liis native Stat'\ but at the
outbreak of the civil war ha enlisted m
the Union army as a privat'.' and before
the close of hostilities he lid advanced
to the rank of colonel. W!:en mustered
out he returned to the Meth-dist ministry
and has achieved high honors in his
sacred calling. i ¦
Hastings Moore, professrr of mathe
matics in the University of Chicago, and
one of the foremost students in that
science, is a son of Bishop Moore. On his
way from Cincinnati Bishop Moore paid
a visit to his son to congratulate him on
receiving aa honorary degr-.e and decora
tion from Kurope: lor his great
ability in his chosen sphere, and
also to Fay good-by to him. The
Bishop also stopped at Denver and
said farewell to another eo:i and a daugh
ter who are residents of that city. Ha
then cajne to this city without further
delay and will on 'Wedne:-day depart on
the Hongkong Maru for China. Ills wlfo
and daughter will remain i:i Nagasaki un
til China is pacified, but he will go him
self to Sha.nghai. where h<- will immedi
ately take up l;ia important duties. He
will have supervision over the missionary
work of China, Korea ard "Japan. He
looks upon his work in Cl ina as of the
most responsible character, owing to the
condition of that country. Bishop Moore
will remain abroad for four years, and
this will be the first time In the history
of th6 Methodist Episcopal church that a
general superintendent ha* taken up an
fifflclol residence in a foreign country.
Bishop Vincent has been .-sent to Zurich.
Switzerland, to act in the same capacity
that Bishop Moore does.
Bishops David H. Moore and John W.
Hamilton, who were elected prelates of
the Methodist Episcopal church at the'
general conference held in Chicago In
May last, arrived in this city yesterday.
The distinguished visitors were net at
Sacramento and at the Slxteentl:-street
station, Oakland, by clergymen of this
city and vicinity and escorted to their
temporary abiding places.
Bishop Moore and his wife and daughter
are the guests of Rev. S. D. HutsinpiUer,
D. D. t at the latter's residence. 31: Haight
street. Bishop Hamilton is stayir'T at the
Occidental Hotel. Although fatigued after
their long journey, both prelates received
a great many friends and visit rs who
welcomed them to the city. A cfinmittee
appointed by the Methodist Kpiscopal
Ministers' Union has arranged a recep
tion for the visitors. To-day Bishop
Hamilton will preach In the morning at
the Howard M. E. Church .and in the
evening at the Simpson Memorial Church,
corner Buchanan and Hayes streets.
Bishop Moore will cross to Oakland in the
morning and occupy the pulpit or' the Rev.
Dr. Dille's church and in the evening no
will preach at the Central M. E- Church,
on Mission street near Sixth, of which
hU friend and colleague. Rev. Dr. Hut
¦«lnpHler, Is pastor. On Mondav mornlne
the bishops will attend the iieetlng of
the Methodist Episcopal Ministers' Union
and on the evening of the following day
will be puests of honor at a r ceptlon to
be tendered them at Grace M. E.
Church, corner Capp and T.venty-first
streets. The reception will be In the na
ture of a welcome ta Bishor Hamilton
and farewell to Bishop Mooi ¦* and his
family, who depart on Wednesday for
China.
Distinguished Members of the Meth
odist Episcopal Church to Be
Guests of Honor at a
Bishops Hamilton and Moore
Arrive and Receive a
Warm Welcome.
PRELATES WILL
PREACH FROM
LOCAL PULPITS
LA ESTRELLA DAUGHTERS
ARE TO WALK IN PARADE
" " ' ' ' ' " " -
THE' SAK FRANCISCO CALL, 'SUNDAY; AUGUST 26, 1900.
Lou La,
29
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEIiISlfTS.
How aay man may quickly cure himself after
J ears of Buffering from eezna.1 weakness, loet
vitality, night losses, varlcocele. etc. and en-
large email, weak organs to full size and vigor.
Klmrly rend your name and address to Dr. L.
Tl". Knapp. 1373 Hull Bldg., Detroit. Mich., and
he will gladly send the free receipt with full
tflrecti^is, so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This Is certainly a most gen-
erouseffer and the following extracts taken
fromTiis dally mail chow what mea think of
tie generosity:
. "Dear Sir: Please accept my sincere thanks
ror yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
eeea extraordinary. It has completely braced
L. W. KN.
"Dear Sir: Yours was received and I had no
trouble In making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and can truthfully say it is a boon to
weak men. I am greatly improved In elze.
strength and vigor."
All correspondence Is strictly confidential,
mailed In plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
li free for the asking and he wants every man
to have it
"Dear Sir: Tour method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed.' Strength
and vigror have completely returned and en-
largement Is entirely satisfactory."
IPP, M. IX
me up. I in Just as Vigorous aa when a boy
and you c&nnot realize how happy I am."
TO THE fUBLIC!
PINOLE. JUNE 23. 1S3S.-I TAKE TniS
* means of expressing ray tnanlcs to Dr. Wonj
Him. 115-117 Mascn st..
fi > lii&&C5\ s - *"•• for havir.<i cur-!
\5p?'-^^N?i me of kidney. worn!)
\jlff?, \( trouble and cancer ol
VjISjC I itomach. I was a great
Vf ft sufferer fnr 13 years, and
ST>»£i J found no permanent re-
/ffi^S— / lie* until I tried Dr.
.A^ Wens Ulna, and tn six
>^V^7^^J?^W montna* time he has
/r >^S--#V>>Y^> cured me. Any person
wltfcinu me to certify
*<i\4«U5C.Titrf* this can find me.
MKS. GEOIiOE BETZ.
Pinole. Contra Co»ta County. Cal.
SAN FRANCISCO (Cal). Oct. U. 1S9S.— To
Whom It May Concern: This is to certify that
Dr. Wong Him cf 115-117 Mascn street. San
Francisco, has cured m« entirety of Brlsht's
disease or the kidneys and consumption of th<»
bowels of lone standing, and I am only too
trappy to make this statement for the benefit o?
all troubled In any way by diseases. Tou will
Rn.i the doctor a gentleman In every way. Very
respectfully. MISS M. J. SHINE.
S61 Fultcn street. San Francisco.
S. F.. Dec. 4. «».— Dr. Worn Him. 115-UT
Mann »t.. 8. F.. Cal. — Dear Kir: For the bene-
fit cf ethers 1 wi«h to make a statement of my
case, which was heart trou&l*. ¦ After treating
with six eminent physicians, my case was pro-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wonat IHzn
and his wonderful cures. I decided ts> try hi*
herb treatment. He did all he claimed arrt
tfter treating sit months I am now well and
•trcng. Tour rwp#ctfully,
MRS. UARLOW. 1027 Mission St.. S. F.
93S!** EP3& EgS3Q3 i
ii I i J 1
EADWAI'S READY RELIEF has itood
unrivaled before the public for a0 years as %
Pain Kemedy. It JnstaatJy relieves and Quickly
cures all Colds. Sor» Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neural -u
Headache. Tothache and all patna. Internaliy
for Malaria and ail Bowel rain*. All drugsUu.
Have It Free and Be Strong and
Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
Send Name and Address To-Day-You Can
ADVERTISEMENTS.
as§ African ostrich feathers. long fiber. M^ff? *- 1 *V =^"^ i;?^SjP s^^^^^^f^^>V^kvX I it :
ptt guaranteed French dye. the kind that slgfp! JR B a 9 W^^'i^^^T^-'^^'^'']^'''^ I lH
S '*hls artSy^uTc'ha! 1 " 8^* j^S H K 1 B B ffs « S U Wl Wl IE F% 'I I
P? A Tale of Low Prices. fejf^P " \J\J£JLJZ5 j^^^St^SS^^'^^P^lFn I
H Handkerchiefs. - . WM ' h/IIl^T CZf^l k\
||.;?j 1500 LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, ||f£$ /rl L/C? I %*J \*f i I f JL |
•$$ that our buyers bought at low prices. M0%i tcu are cordially Invited to attend our l^P^^^.s*i^&l^@B»^i^ 1 <(Ik !%¦
¦V consequently our patrons reap the K5w5&f3 r*?f* r »^"V t 1^- 3**^-^ ; f-T*^' CiC«y^a Z*i''''%v
f SifiSisl ¦- ctiall8np Sale m Week! M^^^^^m
4^ about U the price they should sell for! P^^^hT^ww^^m^iW |^h||£
|H Do Ycu Want to Save Money? A Lively Week at Rosenberg's: Money-Savins Time. TWO CorSetSfOr tf)8 PflGS Cf One! if
i i>!& "€*Z TluTZ Colf an l w a »< ine .s^rs «=> • ja-«Vi; & I
P&3 /Wl OLOVPq mix r k * /5*3K SkirtS for be greater than (VT5 all PrUco a ££>%. *V> '3.
E«S fwr^v 'JLiUvta, made of best / t*-£Sr\ v " CO .**J* „,.. , n . mnrrow V *) talkine «y»?\ P*^^ ' v.v ?*i
P '¦ttVO 1 r W^S MS^ 5 "fro $4 " 75 - bIc^IoPIT JnU Manufactur- f^H^ P
fii l^ Iqlffii. Practical for cut!n g f^^\ "^SkS 2?a7 \% I
Pi FF\hM Pa t^t° f , D P en V^ , " ? v. , tiW*** and B6neraJ Wean Mad0 ' double ?oke blck! !«?SSSV5 braced factories Xj4»V \j? ffl
¥M ir^Ttflove fo? irrJlip',n An ™»«" Vrm If ble wool golf-doth, por- effect, with seven ,,| V 't\U B- corsets. < Wff^ \i Vb*
W$ \Vhv 4 cheap' b™s P n O dT.?? on J» iTlf traying the latest styles rows of tucklns rfffl \\1L, 1 tu X>>vVf V* IS
kI them be^ne niade fn ?hf» «S,nt^ /3*ll"*» in swell tailoring, with alternating with 7'/| \ \W., Among these WJ V
VSR Our challenge orica A J M I bias fold of tailor stitch- line torchon in- 'ft/ \Wlffh *f- e i. f ° rs «\ l 2 V \ - & tt
P£ Our challenge price QRc frfi fll »ng on bottom, welted sertion. Yoke fln- U S\'///t sl.Rhtly soiled i^Zoi P*
m£ skj^> «M m seam8 and Inverted Ished with lawn A { U from b e 1 n r v //»i\ • lSf* -^ fee
#£ - nl , ,,.. , _ , JS&LJlU pleat bark. Astonishing ruffle tucked and / III handled, though fljif ( J d' S*5
g; Summer Gloves at Winter Prices ™ lues for - $4.75 SgSfSiS?iS /| J l\\ y note -£//of gj
«£ 500 pairs BLACK SILK TAFFETA ........ sleeves also (I I \.\\\ — fc^
are GLOVES, stitched back, warranted n i pi nn C»««« OC« trimmed with /MJ.^ijJLSl ?Q P I) P,Pr?Pt<{ IJ1W S!l Rfl *$
¥* fast colors, perfect nttlns. all sizes. . RflYS SiOO 6^06, ZOG. lace. Full length. • W.0U r. U. MiaBlS DaW »I.3U. *U
&3 This week's challenge price.. O=-, UV i° g ", ,Z A o v, n ,,,*^ a A all sizes. You pay { jJ^^ The genuine P. D. Corset in all the gg
..Pair <iOC No excuse for round-shouldered more for the lace newest shapes, made of best black '£?,
S| ...-». boys taow> ar >d tucking than sateen or coutil, for <C1 CA fy-n
I Lad ' eS ' O<>»arS. f^ OOOBOYS-BRACES. Sizesrib.^^. DU
if . VV r.j.\ i .^"^1 We are always Wm «ado of st^ n f n 53l.lt) |3 50 rrey and white P. D.. sixes 19. \&
Wk WJT Z~^ n h P ?-.- l0w ? st *i n TvJ4 Xst "he bicl that Sa!e OTarrell street entrance. 20. 21. 22. 26 and 2». Our It OC Kj
W*$ wu!l jfTLsF'A •"«/ price, not qual- L-g^. just tne D.ace " ldl> challenge price *P • • «•-' ris
fiq yMv£z^W$' 1 q^ * n ~ t » y^LjfiX to 1 wi?k n Sprigh 1 t r vritS- Another. fipnuinp I R ?l aril W fin Hnr- M^
9?& M5- fiPfm DIES> WHITE, / J*r[l \Vp ire c?osi'ne out LADIES' GOWNS, made of best opf? h Wfl!^? ffllv m
Wz Wiw-^$?3£ LINEN COL- f rfi I , f tJ 1!,^ hr p tho 5oft bleached muslin, double yoke Swli, !.T ftHl.w Lfil/, rig
P^ ¦&^SSfefe* lS *J LARS - and a \W f.'/ reductloA Challenge back, yoke front of four rows 'em- Our challenge price =Q p M
t-J. it'^^^^Sr^f Kood quality. \X&r&J\ nrica cnauenge orotd ery Insertion and cluster tucka OUC f ¦'¦-
p/?1 j ? . too, all the 1 pnca iJOC Neck and sleeves finished with em- Sizes IS. 13.20.21. 3
V&ti Si I newest shapes. • t&r?*-^' broidery. Full length, full width. ei en Qn J *i p.,..,. p n *c3t nn« IZt* «*
«&. \\ as high as you all sizes. Our challenge QO- &I.0U dliQ $1 ZmwJ LOlSsI liQW dOC. t f)
W$ II i can wear them When We Make a Price H's LOW. price J. B. SUMMER CORSETS, made of Kj-
K& SI : t)r , a 2 Vt w as £ ou -_.. , _ . •-¦ best white imported netting, double E.K
m fadS-trW R'^bOfl Department, -j" Every lady desires to be btau- jjje «eei. .11 newest 35c g
H VTTV PflC ° R S«S!Sh. A Jfe?g?r.5^ 1 2K -'^ *** Rosenberg's Veils * ' s.i«U >h: fa. fa
H We Expect to Convince You by the inches wide, an new make you i0> * $2.75 Majesty Corset row 75c. f^
II, Power of the LoWest Prices Ever llL^^r 11 }," 00^ 6 0 t^/^r'; 5 -^; i^?mi^^tto*^™& |
KS n » . -,.. much surprised. Our chal- ICn T1F1LRS or 'i.Jt'»Jk ' C!-7»<» 1? anri n Orr rhai- TC~. &%
||| QUOted OB. Silk " '~W Price, l^C VEIUNGB. t made #^^ Kj-SfSSSSS 7 5C M
11 W^% If alS i s T - at T n ese $l and $l ' 25 La1les ' BQi)lnet Ties for m n e d shes oth lome f ch^ .3^^^y Do Ycu Want a Perfect Form? |
|fe Gsnuins Bar* 48c. nille or velvet dots « n^^^fAX Th!3 ls the store that can g!ve y° u %
%£ JLIZL E3!"S. 6S-lnch NET TIES, ends braided in make our Veiling,' M^TniV&J Knowing ones ccrr.e here ar.d bring S?"
fCrt sfftfSTvfc*** 300 TAFFFTA aifferent designs, with fancy silk rib- department more -o' »U \ /ef their frtends. and their frlend3 send X
tfr ftJlfPfWTK R1TK WAKTi bon - Honlt o n braid, and others fln- popular we ofTer «k *•-• * J ** ' other friends. m
W A Ml$*> iwi 1 cordwl with «-i?' ' shed wlth fluted ends or dP>r them at our challenge sale... OC- We have a surprise for you In this &V*
K : H IUm\ : >¥\ 1 loDcd flv front crinsed. Our challfingo price. **OU r Yara^-^t flepartrner.t this week.
P ¦ ftWiP '/USA \ the new Raohlne ' — —^—~*->-^~-^ — -w- he new Military straight front &
©V /i W*> Irr/X \ sleeve flart cuff TT XT-**. -rt corset. made of best French ,S
ES fvT\.fi (tliiS V» Ilinprt 'nnrf tafinr' \\ '^mi fl M _,-¦_ —.— ». H — -^. sateen In biack or prey, double side 4«|
l ( m^^il% Joe Rosenberg
l~ W/fi^K^ and l>iack ' C_5> desired military carriage. Cl C\C\ %
X l-w!>? Our challenpo FUFi MAFfKF^T Our challenge price , :
m wffiwW price do OQ O/O /WAiJTr\£Z# O # JT C LZ i , no CHARGE FOn fittinc. $
l% r''*" $i.yo RUNNING THROUGH TO 11 O'FaRRELL ST. Mail Orders Solicited. Sale at O'Farrell-street entrance. Si
Country Honses, Hotels, Flats
and Cottages Furnished
Complete.
CREDIT IF DESIRED.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Near Powell.
Free Delivery Within C00 Miles.BERKELEY'S NEW FOUN
TAIN AND TWO PERSONS
PROMINENT AT DEDICATION.
said President Wheeler. "It stands for
cleanliness of inward man. It stands for
more than this, it stands as a testimony
After visiting the medical centers of
Europe Dr. T. A. RoUanzl has resume!
practice at 143 Stockton street, corner of
Geary; hours 1 to S and 7 to 6 p. m. : •
of somebody's Interest in the public wel
fare. .Let it remain here by the univer
sity and the railroad, in the midst of
Berkeley, to testify to what It offers to
all— cleanliness and purity."
Miss Mabel A. Richardson brought forth
much applause by reciting "The Town
Pump." The audience Joined in singing
"America" at the close of the exercises.
. The fountain was secure through public
subscriptions collected by the Berkeley
Fountain Association. Following are the
officers: President, C. H. Townsend; vice
president. H. C. .Barrow; secretary. Wil
liam Overstreet; treasurer. A. \V. Naylor.
The committees were as follows: Invita
tion and • dedication— H. C. Barrow (chair
man), George Schmidt and Miss A. M.
Hicks; subscription — John E. Boyd (chair
man). W. L. Overstreet. Mrs. Mary Smith;
design— B. E. Underwood, B. F. Arnold
and II. C. Barrow.
BERKELEY, Aug. 25.-The Hearst
Fountain, bo named In honor of
Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst, the first
public drinking place to be erected
in this city, was unveiled and dedicated
this evening. Henry C. Barrow was mas
ter of ceremonies. There was a large
crowd on the plaza at Berkeley station to
witness the dedication. The evening's
programme was given from a platform
erected near the fountain.
Rev. George E. Swan of Bt. Mark's
Episcopal Church opened the dedication
' with a prayer. Miriam Pond and Grace
Edgar, two little girls representing water
nymphs, unveiled the fountain and the
water was turned on by John E. Boyd.
After the singing- of the "Recessional" j
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler delivered
a short address.
"This fountain is here to drink from,"
No Especial Ir jury Results
Property-O-xners in Its Vicinity Say-
Therefrom.
A communication was filed yesterday
with the Board of Supervisor?:, signed by
a number of property owners and resi
dents in the vicinity of the stone quarry
and rock-crushing works located at Doug-
lass and Twenty-sixth streets and oper
ated by Gray Bros., in which they state
that they have experienced no special in
convenience, annoyance or injury from
the works. The communication says:
'"The dust complained of by some as
resulting from the operation of the rock
crusher is entirely local and mostly affects
those operating the plant. Any slight in
convenience- or annoyance that has ever
been experienced by us from the blasting
and crushing which has from time to time
been necessary has been overbalanced by
the business it bring? Into the neighbor
hood and by the present and prospective
Improvement of the streets."
GOOD WORD FOR GRAY
BROTHERS' ROCK-CRUSHER
The eplrit of unrest among the public
6choel teachers was greatly Increased by
the announcement yesterday by Chairman
Mark of the Board of Education that at
lea^t ten more teachers are under inves
tigation by the board. These- teachers
liave been unfavorably reported for var
ious d^ir.qupnck-s by their principals.
Mark savb that no action involving sus
pension or dismissal will be taken by the
beard until after the reports have been
thoroughly 5nve-tiga.ted and the facts
contained therein are verified. The ac
cused teachers will be given an oppor
tunity to make a defense, but It Is be
lievci in feme quarters that they are
practically slated for dismissal. The
charge* include lack of discipline, inat
teaiSon to duty ana inc-fflcitney. The rule
lux.vidir.s for dismissals for physical ln
flnnitles wilt enter into the investigation
and tome teacten may be dropped for
that cause. It is learned from Superin
tendent Webster that Miss M. J. Can
ham cf the Spring Valley Grammar
School is the te:u her who is under sus
pension for deafness.
Superintendent AVebs-ter takes Issue with
Chairman .Mark on the latter's contention
that the board is clothed with the power
of suspending teachers by the provision
cf tli*?' charter which says that it shall
«Mab!ish all regulations for the govern
ment and efficiency of the schools. W'eb-
Bter contends that to suspend a teacher
unJc r this provision would be in direct
contravention of the State law. He
quotes a Supreme Court decision which
say? that the rules adopted by the Board
of implication cannot control the provi
sion > of the statute? and are immaterial
In determining the statutory rights of
teachers. According to Webster, if the
board i:ad the risjht to suspend a teacher
the practical effect would be to annul
laws already existing which expressly
provide for the manner in which a teacher
can be relieved from service. In other
vord.s the board could deprive a teacher
¦of her means of livelihood without due
process of law.
Superintendent Webster Declares
Th^ir Suspension Would Be in
Direct Contravention of
the State !Law.
President Mark Announces
They Are. Now Being
Investigated.
TEN TEACHERS
UNDER FIRE OF
SCHOOL BOARD
Large Crowd Witnessed Ceremony That Placed the
Handsome Public Drinking Place at the
Service of the People.
NURSE ACCUSED
OF ROBBING HER
DEAD PATIENT
Miss Mae Simpson Is" Ar
rested on a Charge of ,
Grand Larceny.
Jewelry Which Belonged to the Late
Mrs. Jeanne Ney I>a Bocke
Found Concealed in Her
Room,
It's not every day you can get men's
vicl kid shoes that are worth $3 50 for $2.
This is our price for Monday only. Latest
style toe, black or tan and made by some
of the best manufacturers in America.
The Bee Hive Shoe Company, 717 Market
street, near Third. •
Snap Them Quick.
A warrant was issued for Miss Simp
son's arrest on the charge of grand lar
ceny a,nd it was served upon her yester
day. She declined to make any statement
till she had consulted her attorney on
Monday.
Her story was so straightforward and
was told with such earnestness that the
police were thrown off the scent. A few
days ago they received information that
Miss Simpson was not so innocent as she
would appctr, and Dettctlve Cody was
placed on the case by Captain Seymour.
Friday a search warrant was obtainea
from Judge Cabaniss to recover several
diamond rings, a turquoise ring, a pean
brooch and other articles, of the value of
$750, which belonged to Mrs. La Roche
ar.d were supposed to be in Miss Simp
son's house at 514 Taylor street. Armed
with the pmrch warrant Cody went to
the house and secured possession of all
the jewelry except one valuable diamond
ring. The nurse had even taken a small
traveling clock.
Miss Simpson attended Mrs. Jeanne Ney
La Roche, who died at the Southerland
House on August L It was at first thought
that Mrs. La Roche's death was not due
to natural causes, but an autopsy showed
that alcoholism was the cause. It was
known that Mrs. La Roche was possessed
of valuable jewelry, but it had mysterious
ly disappeared. Suspicion fell upon Miss
Simpson, but she solemnly declared thai
she knew nothing of the missing gems.
She said Mrs. La Roche had been nursed
by her in June last and had given her a
valuable diamond ring, a turquoise ring
and a golrt watch to care for. It was al
ways her custom to see what valuables
her patients had, so that she could care
for them and return them when leaving.
She next ?aw Mrs. La Roche July 2, and
as she was not wearing any of her Jewelry
she asked her what had become of it, and
was told that she was not wearing it any
more. The day before her death Mrs. fca
Roche sent for her, and she remained with
her till she died. She did not see any jew
eury, she said, and wondered what had
become of it.
Miss Mae Simpson, a nurse, living at 514
Taylor street, was arrested yesterday by
Detective Cody and booked at the City
Prison en a charge of grand larceny. This
charge is all the more serious as she is
accused of robbing the dead:
Captain Seymour received a letter yes
terday from Chief Campbell of St. Louis
stating that two of the men who robbed a
train at Wycllffe, Ky., recently, had
pleaded guilty and had been sentenced.
Charles \V. Barnes got ten years and R.
M. Doyle, alias Kelly, got four years. No
trace has been found yet of Channing W.
Barnes. The )?arnes brothers were well
known in this State. They served time In
San Quentin for robbing a bank at Red
Bluff.
Train-Kobbers Sentenced.
Major Frank McLaughlin, who came to
the city a few days ago for recreation,
has had a recurrence of the fever that
has bothered him for some time. He has
been confined to his bed for two days,
but the fever had been dispelled last even
ing and at a late hour he was comfort
ably sleeping. The major expects to do
part for his home to-morrow.
Major McLaughlin Again 111.
An Insolvent Caterer.
Rosa Mandler, caterer, residence Ala
meda, filed a petition in insolvency yes
terday in the United States District
Court. Her liabilities are $2955 93; assets
$1820.
FIRST BERKELEY FOUNTAIN
UNVEILED AND DEDICATED
Jones Loses Weight.
Harry H. Jones, a weigher In the Cus
toms-house, has resigned his position, he
having been weighed In the balance and
found wanting. Jones owed many small
bills and his creditors complained to Col
lector Jackson.
tember 4. The trial of the prisoner on the
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses, on which he was arraigned a week
ago, was set for the same day, and it is
probable that he will be tried first on the
latter charge.
Chretien Pleads Not . Guilty.
John M. Chretien was arraigned yester
day on a charge of forgery. : He pleaded
not guilty, and his trial was set for Sep.
• '¦¦'¦"-.
Amheim Gets Off Easy.
Joseph Arnhelm, who was arrested for
robbing his employer, Joseph M. Strauss,
pawnbroker. 75 Fourth street, during his
absence in the East, had the charge of
grand larceny against him reduced to
petty larceny by consent of the prosecu
tion yesterday. The Judge sentenced him
to serve thirty days in me County Jail.
Special Corset Sale.
Another lot of travelers' samples and
odd corsets, all colors and sizes, value
from 75c to $4 50. will be sold for half
price and less. Also 100 dozen 75c "Coutil"
corsets— five-hook, spoon steel. silk
flossed— at 25c per pair. Chester F.
W right. 6 Geary street, corner Kearny. . •
Two TJnhappy "Wives.
Lena Egerberg has sued Lawrence
Egerberg for a divorce, alleging deser
tion as a cause of action. Henrietta
Coors asks for a divorce from Henry
Coors on the ground of failure to pro
vide.
i *'¦ -.¦.. .
Values That Convince for Purse-Wise
Buyers.
A superior manufactured ladies' vld kid
ehoe— $3 value— is what we have for you.
Monday only we sell you this shoe for
$1 65. Have your choice In style of toe.
kid or cloth tops and black or tan. The
Bee Hive Shoe Company, 717 Market
street, near Third. . '¦•..": 5 -* ; :;
Fire Department Affairs.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday.
A request from the San Francisco Trades
and Labor Council for firemen to partici
pate In a hose-coupling contest at Cen
tral Park September 3 was granted.
Joseph Rodger of engine 21 was put on
the waiting list at his own request, and
Ed McGonigle was appointed hoseman of
engine 10 from the waiting list.
The department will paint the old hand
engine now at the City and County Hos
pital for the use of the Veteran Firemen
at the Admission day parade. A detail
of Native Sons from the department will
take part in the parade. A request from
the Fulton Iron Works for more hydrants
was read. -.-••:¦ •"¦.*;.•*.¦-•
For the Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established in the Oak
land Ferry Depot (on the ground floor In
the center of the building), where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving In the transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special Delivery. 403 Taylor at. and
(SO Market st. •
Japanese Girl Ends Her First Day's
Work by Accidentally Killing
Herself.
Tome Tanaka, a Japanese girl about 22
years old, was asphyxiated in her bed
last Friday night through ignorance of
the poisonous qualities of illuminating
gas. She went to work as a servant for
Mrs. J. S. McDonald at 840 Halght street
last Friday. She retired in good spirits
at 10 o'clock on Friday evening, after hav
ing made a.11 preparations to start the fire
and resume her household duties in the
morning.
At 2:30 o'clock yesterday morning Mrs.
McDonald was awakened by the suffo
cating odor of ga^, and at once hurried
to the servant's room, where she found
the key of the burner fully turned, on
and the Japanese girl unconscious in bed.
The girl was taken into : the open air.
and Dr. J. M. Williamson, who lives
near by, was summoned hastily, but *he
found that the unfortunate young woman
was beyond all human aid. It is sup
f>osed that, not being accustomed to fl
umJnatlng gas, the girl blew out the Jet
on retiring.
IGNORANT TOME TANAKA
BLOWS OUT THE GAS
Captain A. W. Kimball, quartermaster
at the Presidio, will leave to-day for Reno,
Nev., and make arrangements for the
shipment of 200 mules, held at that place
under peculiar circumstances. The mules
were sent from the Bast under the charge
of twenty men, and were destined for pack
train service in China. Just a few hours
previous to the arrival of the train carry
ing the animals in Reno one of the team
sters was taken sick. A doctor was sum
moned at the station and he pronounced
the case diphtheria and ordered the twen
ty men quarantined. As a natural conse
quence the cars containing the mules were
sidetracked and word sent to headquar
ters in this city explaining the difficulty.
Captain Kimball was ordered to devise
means of bringing the animals to this city.
Headquarters, band and a battalion of
the Fifth Infantry arrived at the Presidio
yesterday morning. This battalion has
seen particularly hard service, having par
ticipated in a number of engagements in
Cuba, where it has been for two years.
During that time the men passed through
two yellow fever epidemics. To the Fifth
is given the credit of making the city 01
Havana the beautiful city It now Is, the
work of remodeling the city's sanitary
condition having all been accomplished' by
the men of this regiment. Colonel Richard
Comba is in command, the other officers
being: Major Jesse C. Chance, Captain
Stephen M. Hackney, adjutant; Captain
James E. Normoyle, quartermaster, and
Lieutenant Robert L. Hamilton, commis
sary. Company A — Captain Earle C. Car
nahan, Lieutenant Raluh E. Ingram and
Lieutenant Frank B. Davis.- Company B—
Captain Joseph M. T. Partello and Lieu
tenant Harry E. < Knight. Company C —
Captain William F. Martin and Lieuten
ant Paul M. Beck, Company D—Lieuten
ant E. J. Williams, Lieutenant Howard
C. Price and Lieutenant Lawrence D. Ca
bell. vVvj
Upon the recommendation of the chlei
surgeon of the department the following:
named contract nurses now at -the army
general hospital. Presidio, will proceed to
the Philippine Islands, via Honolulu, H I.
on the transport Belgian King, to sail
from this port about the 27th inst: Agnes
Sweet, Carrie D. Bear. Mary R.Berridge.
Mary A. Butler. Eliza B. Spear, Georgia
M. Kepkey, He.lene M. Gottschalk, Mary
E. McCrea and Caroline Felt. There will
also sail on the Belgian King the follow
ing named acting assistant' surgeons:
Howard D. Lewis, Calvin D. Snyder, Lew
is T. Griffith, diaries -A; Sturtevant, Ben
jamin B. Warriner, John D. Brooks,
James I. Mabee, Robert C. Macy. Kdwin
W. Patterson. Vernon J. Hooper, James J.
Edmondson, A. Bruce Henderson and Wil
liam D. Preston.
Captain Kimball Sent to Release Ani
mals — Headquarters and Sand
of Fifth Infantry Arrive
at Presidio.
Teamsters in Charge Placed
in Quarantine Owing to
Diphtheria.
TRAINLOAD OF
ARMY MULES
HELD AT RENO
-..^r- ¦¦¦¦ ¦ - - . ¦ ¦ ¦ ' - - ,,.-: ; r-v, ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST V26, 1900.
30
We have now on dlsplan our first
shipment of NEW WOOLEN DRESS
I FABRICS. FOR FALL, ana invite
an inspection of the following
EXTRA VALUES. •
64-lncH CHEVRON CHEVIOT, In all tne new Grag, Tan
ani Brown Mixtures, latest material for short
skirts.. S1.25 Yard
¦48-inch CAMEL'S-HAIR STRIPE, In all the new Fall
colorings - - • SI-5O Yard
52-lnch PEBBLE CHEVIOTS, In Navijs and new Porcelain
Blue-onlg '. S2.00 Yard
56-inch ZIBELINE CHEVIOT, In Quaker Gran, Brown
and. new shades or Blue, Yeru sultahle Tor tailor or
outing dresses S 2.00 Yard
54-HiGh extra heavu CAMEL'S-HAIR ZIBELINE, In Graus,
Browns, Green and Blue, sultahle for short skirts. ..
SI.5O Yard
¦48-inch FRENCH ZIBELINE, Camel's Hair, In 10 of the
new Fall colorings \ SI.5O Yard
52-inch ENGLISH VENETIAN, all the new Fall colors for
tailor-made costumes $1.75 Yard
-
5 cases NEW FRENCH CASHMERES and NUN'S VEIL-
INGS, In ahout firtu different shades.
Samples forwarded to anu address, and all orders, either
for samples or goods, filled and shipped the same dau
theu are received.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
J.-Bertz reopens the Central Dining-rooms, 24
Ellis. His reputation guarantees excellence. *
The National Government has instruct-
ed the Forest Supervisor in New Mexico
to protect the cliff-dwellers in that Terri-
tory from vandalism.
Including Lernaires. with and without handle*.
Oculists" prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Mala 10.
Opera Glasses
20 % Cut,
642 Market 5t. instruments
UNDER CHROHiCLt BUH.0W6. CATALOGUE Ff?C I.
P^a VERY LATEST
\y $\ Straight Front,
S\?* "j Hand-Made
i C SAPPHIRE
/1§P CORSETS
[ /\||? $3.00 1« $15,00
/T^q 10 Gearo St.,
/ A Yrf CORNER KEARirr.
? ' CHESTER F.WR16HT,
"J^j T^ijX Royal Worcester Cor«
•77"; ;-*: " iet-FIUJinr Parlor*.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists.' EOc flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay.
hall Styles
The European novelties in our lace and
trimming department for th'e fall' season of
1900 are the most elaborate and extensive
ever shown in San Francisco.
The assortment of Venice applique, bands,
festoons and edges in all the latest designs;
fancy embroidered chiffons with new Renais-
sance effects for vestings, yokings and waist
coverings in white, black, ecru, pink, blue
and gold, are well worth an inspection.
Spangled Nets
Another interesting display is the extensive
variety of spangled nets in the latest creations
of new shadings in iridescent effects, also
black and black and steel.
Passementerie Novelties
Black silk passmenterie in many new de-
signs in Renaissance and taffeta effects will be
appreciated by every one.
Ghiffon Robes
There is a handsome assortment of. new
designs in embroidered chiffon robes, with
Renaissance effects in all shades.
Bolero Jackets
Renaissance and passementerie bolero jackets
in many new shapes and designs are of ex-
ceptional interest this fall.
129 Kearny. Street
Lafilee' tailor-made suits, Bilk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 526 gutter. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEY
1 WONDER
At the phenomenal sale of
it
! Shots. There's really nothing; to
wonder at, unless it Is that there
should be any other shoe worn by
¦ women.
I *Value is not found in any other shoe,
f -no matter what the price.
j $3.50
ALWAYS.
FOKTY-FIVtS STYLES.
ALL LEATHERS. EVERY SIZE.
EVERY WIDTH.
;
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT
5O THIRD STREET,
Second Shoe Store from Market St.,
SAN FRANCIiCO.
W* prepay delivery charges on all Soroslg
Shoes enumerated in cataiogu« to any part
of the United States.
CATALOG CB READY.
\thc jpcrf^dicit of/
\ l^yfcrtT *i M ¦ I I /
\|StaptSi^J/
.BDTTLEEUTTJiE gjInLLERY*
PURS-AEgaJ¥Ht3LE5nME.
(/sedm/faMedca/Dep&fne/ifs of the
U.S. ARMY &NAVY Service
AV1LLIAM WOLFF & CO.
*SAN fRAKCISCO,' DISTRIBUTORS.' '
lfr»»^r cf/mff*r; MS c - re/toed Bottles.
l° ur Bor Outfits \
Is Are all ready for shipment upon re- |
f^ ceipt of your order. We keep a large g
p stock always on hand — from 4^ to ¦
H ) All lengths— in oak, mahojany and curly red- \
|y ) woed. We guarantee the lowest ( j]
fci \ ?,-•:';• prices on the coast. ; ( 3
1| SEND FIVE CSNT3 15 STAMPS T0K NEW TCRMITCEE CATALOG. i
ITHE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc., I
B 1017-1023 Mission St., Above Sixth, |
¦9 PHONE SOUTH 1*. SAN FRANCISCO. 3
II .. I —. eH!CME«TER'S CNGUSH
PALACEHOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that the»»
hotels possess the attributes* that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury anil
comrort. unsurpassed cuisine and servlca
and superior appointments and Jocatlon.
Connected by a covered passaseway and
operated under one management on Um
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
NEW •WESTERN HOTEL.
I^EARNT AND . WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
** modeled , and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European -plan. Rooms,, Me to $1 50 day;
J5 to *8 week; $S to $20 month. Fre« baths: hot
and cold water every room: Ore grates In every
room; elevator runs all night. ... ,
PEKfJVROYAL P3LLS
5« V&SflL ** CIUCilESTEK'S KNGUSH
/-i<»i^S£Sv '" Kt;t> * al t *" ld ""'^l" bo'« •»»>»
•UjT—TlirJ with »lo« ribbon. Take no other. R«raa«
•M *«* *iJ »«*«•»¦» SalMtltntloas •¦<* l"»«Uk-
I " / — Iff tlmmm. Bay «f y»«r Drurjut. m Mad 4*. to
I (m' JT *»¦«* *' H»rtl«o!ar». Te>tlmon!a!t
Im fp ao«l "Keller r«rL«dte«,"«j«««r,bTr«.
\~ - ff turn Mail. 1 •».<>«••> TutimoaiiU. Soirfbi
-"V r mil Vntfl^M. < hlrhe.tcr CfcemUfl i «4
li;ntioa tiU p»jer. lltilttaa H«»re, }-nil.A.. f£
"dkmqnulty.
fliHIS WELL-KNOW:* ASD REUABT.ROLD
X Sp^cUltstcurM Private. Nervous, and Blood 1>U-
enM>s of Mea only. Book on Private JDIsessea^ancJ
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 2Oy 'rV experience.
{•atlent.icnred.il Home. Terms reasonable. Honrs'i
to3da!Iy;6L30 to3:3> er'ffs. Snndavs, 10 to 12. ConsnU
Utionfreeandaacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. KOSCOK aieXUI.TY. 91. JD.
BG),' Kearnjr St., s» B Francisco. CaJ.
ADVERTISEMENTS.DIVEKEEPER SHOT BY LAUNDRY
GIRL HE LURED ON TO RUIN
MRS. MAHOiNEY HAS
PASSED TO REST
Wife OF Police Commis
sioner Dies After Brief
Illness- .
THE LATE MRS. D. I. MA
HONEY.
Abbott's resort has been an eyesore for
years, and it was a matter of surprise
after the numerous shootings and lar
cenies that occurred there that it was not
closed by the police. When the last re
newal was granted Colonel Warfleld of
the California Hotel complained to the
Police Commissioners that women who
frequented Abbott's place were in the
habit cf having drunken orgies in a gar
den in rear of the dive and annoying the
neighborhood. Abbott promised to put a
stop to the cause of complaint, and on
that promise the license was renewed. He
has been repeatedly In scrape* with
women and has been In the police courts
on several occasions for minor offenses.
The police say that many girls can trace
their downfall to Abbott's dive.
go on the street, but I had not the cour
age for some time to approach men, and
he would beat me. Finally I mustered up
courage, and even then he would beat me
because I did not make enough money.
He started a house of ill fame at 422 Du
pont street and put me there. I remained
there till it was closed by the police, about
three weeks ago. Then I went to live with
him above his saloon. Two weeks ago he
blackened my eyes at the ferry and cut
my lip. He took me to the saloon of a
friend and beat mo again. Since then we
have been constantly quarreling, and last
Tuesday I bought the revolver in. a store
on Third street, as I heard he was going
to give me up because he had sot tired
of me and was paying attention to an
other woman. I was jealous because I
was fascinated with the man. This morn
ing when he struck me and threw me out
of the saloon by the neck I determin-*d to
shoot him, and that is why I did it. I
was born in this city and am 24 years old.
I was a good girl before I met Abbott."
"Will Lecture on Progress.
Herman Whitaker will deliver a lecture
in the Temple. 117 Turk street, this even
ing at 8 o'clock: subject, "The Law of
Progress." The lecture will be under the
auspices of the Social ' Democratic 3 party."
Young Ladies' Institute Hop.
Young Ladles' Institute No. 7 will hold
its anniversary ball on the evening- of Au
gust 30 in Native Sons' Hall, 414 Masoa
street.
The ladles of St. Paul's booth are en
deavoring to make their entertainment
and social, to be given at Mission Parlor
Hall, Seventeenth street, near Valencia,
on the evening of Wednesday, August 29,
a success. Music for the event is to be
furnished by Hynes' orchestra, the pro
ceeds to be given to the building fund
of St. Paul's new church. Admission 25
cents. t ;
Will Give a Social.
• Ferdinand de Bauch, an aged Belgian,
was found dead in his room on Mission
street by bis landlady yesterday evening.
It is supposed that he succumbed to heart
disease. De Bauch was a familiar figure
on Market street for a number of years.
He was blind and gained a livelihood by
playing a hand-organ in front of the Par
rott building.
Blind Beggar Bead.
The game :of baseball between'the
"Never-wasers" and the "Never-will-bes"
at the Pr,esidlo Athletic Grounds yester
day was won by the former ¦ team by a
score of 25 to 9. It was an exciting and
hotly contested game." Bellingall's batting
and fielding were special features of the
game, second only, to "Pop" Mattoon's
work as : umpire. The "Never-will-bes"
failed to score until the third Inning, when
"Little Jack" Campbell led off with a base
hit and was brought home by KellinpraH.
who got to second bag. The winning team
will enjoy a dinner next Saturday. night
at : the expense of the losers.
Custom-House Men Play.
Clarence L. Drown, stage director for
the military spectacle "The Battle of San
Juan," which will be given for the two
weeks commencing next Saturday night at
the Sixteenth and Folsom street grounds,
arrived from Salt Lake yesterday, wher»
the production is being shown. He will
begin Immediately the construction of an
Immense stage. 300 feet wide. When the
company and special carloads of scenery
arrive next Friday all will be in readiness
for the night dress rehearsal. Nearly 5*»
people. Including two military companies.
will participate in the spectacle. Every
evening the entertainment will be broustht
to a close with a $100) display of Pain fire
works. The sale of scats will begin at
Sherman, Clay &. Co.'s on Thursday morn
ing at 9 o'clock.
Fireworks "Will Flash.
OUNT DE TOCQUEVILLE of Paris.
[f_J accompanied by his family, arrived
In the city yesterday and is domi
> died at the Palace. The French
aristocrat is here partly on pleasure
and business bent. He comes of a good
family, being a nephew of the Count do
Tocqueville, who attained fame as an
author. This ancestor was the author of
"Democracy in America," a work that at
tracted much attention in this country ts
well as in France. The literarr member
of the family also visited this country as
a Commlslsoner from the French Govern
ment to examine the prisons of the United
States. He was active In his opposition
to Napoleon and was a warm, supporter
of the Roman expedition.
Count de Tocqueville will remain here
several weeks to examine various prop
erties in which he and his friends are in
terested.
The deceased, .who waa an exceedingly
handsome woman possessed of great so
cial gifts, waa a sister of Attorney John
J. Roche. She also leaves two sisters.
Her family consisted of two sons and
two daughters. The funeral will take
place Monday from the family residence.
The hour has not yet been settled on.
News of her death will come as a shock
to her many friends throughout the State,
to whom her kind disposition and talents
had endeared her. Mrs. Mahoney had
been an Invalid for some years and her
weakened frame was n»t strong enough
to withstand the ravages of the sickness
which caused her death.
? *
fY\ RS - D - L MAHONET, wife of the
III Police Commissioner, succumbed
I I I to an attack of pneumonia yes
1*1 terday at her home. 1631 Laguna
r "'-, * street.
COUNT DE TOCQUEVILLE.
FRENCH NOBLE ON /
BUSINESS BENT
Count de Tocqueville Here
Looking After Invest
ments.
¦was reported at the Central police station
and detectives are at work investigating.
The patrolmen found that the janitor
will be the heaviest loser by the burglar's
work. A revolver, some clothing, a razor,
all his property, were taken. The case
On the evening the theft was committed
C. T. Cunningham, the Janitor of the
church, was absent from the premises.
He has a room in the basement of the
church, and returned to it about It
o'clock. As soon as he entered one of the
rooms he found everything In a state of
disorder. Drawers had been searched,
desks opened arid closets ransacked. The
janitor at once rushed from the place and
called for help. Officers Michael Murphy
and George Graham responded and made
a thorough search for the thieves.
A cross studded with diamonds and
other gems Is kept in the church. Its
value Is placed at between 110,000 and
$15,000. The police are of the opinion that
the bold crooks, learning of its presence,
resolved to secure possession. The ap
pearance of Cunningham on the scene dis
turbed them before they had a chance to
reach it, and they fled. Besides the cros3
there are many other decorations of value
about the church.
A bold burglary was committed In
Trinity Episcopal Church, at the corner
of Bush and Gough streets, early on
Wednesday night. The thieves were evi
dently after treasure which is In the
sacred edifice, but were frightened away
before they had a chance to enter 1 the
main body of the building. A number of
small articles were taken from the base
ment. '-"•'"
Diamond Studded Cross, in the 8a
cred Edifice, Thought by tho Po
lice to Have Been Attrac
tion for Thieves.
Crooks Take Plight When
Janitor Appears on the
Scene.
BURGLARS ESTER
TRINITY CHURCH
FOR VALUABLES
Miss Warren is spending the summer
at her father's delightful home In Chey
enne, from which she will go with the
Senator and the Wyoming party to launch
the ship of war upon Its mission.
zens of "Wyoming will b« present to wit
ness and participate in the ceremony and
a special car has been chartered for the
use of the party making the journey Id
the coast.
The choice of Miss Warren ts popular
In Cheyenne and In tho rest of the State.
She is the daughter of United States Sen
ator F. E. Warren and though but a Miss
in her 'teens is well known and generally
liked by the people of the State. Charm-
Ing, gracious, tactful and possessing very
original mental gifts and fine Douyancy of
disposition. Miss Warren is certain to be
quite a leader In society and a powerful
ally of her able father in his public life.
She has made an enviable record In her
studies In "Washington and has won much
distinction in her home city as a reader
and entertainer. As for personal charms
she has an abundance of them and her
smile and cheery laugh are the most wlu
some and persuasive In the world.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. Aug 15.— Miss
Frances "Warren has been chosen by Gov
ernor De Forest Richards to christen the
monitor Wyoming, which will be launched
from the shipyards of the Union Iron
Works, San Francisco, on September 8.
Governor Richards and staff, several
other State officials and a number of citi-
There has been considerable discussion
as to just what sort of service the ladles
will present to the monitor. Some favor
a service for state occasions and others
a sen-ice, plain and practical, for dally
use. That matter, however, will be dis
posed of when the designs for the service
are submitted and accepted. It is the
present intention of the ladies of Wyo
ming to have the service manufactured in
New York.
present the service when the monitor Is
commissioned, which will be not before
next spring. We have already given a
number of entertainments for the benefit
of the fund and we expect to keep right
on giving dances and concerts until w<3
realize the necessary sums. We have re
ceived a few private subscriptions, but
they have all been for small amounts."
THE women of "Wyoming have pledg
ed themselves to raise $5000 for the
purchase of a solid silver service
for the monitor "Wyoming, which Is
to be launched at the Union Iron "Works
on September 8. The ladies who have
taken charge of the affair have banded
themselves In a society known as the
Monitor Wyoming Association, i De Forest
Richard, Governor of Wyoming, is the
acknowledged head of the association and
his suggestions are being carried out by
the following ladles, who constitute the
officers of the association:
President. Mrs. George H. Nagle; vice
president.^Mrs-.K, G. /Turner: second vice
president', Mrs. A. P.* Hanson; secretary,
Mrs. H. B. Henderson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pitt Covert. Mrs. Dan Swan is the chair
man of the executive committee.
Mrs. Nagle, the president of the asso
ciation, is a guest at the Palace and yes
terday spoke interestingly of the way the
women of her State were going about
raising the necessary money.
•."We haves already $1000," said Mrs.
Nagle. "We expect to raise in the neigh
borhood of $5000 and we have decided to
\
WOULD HAVE THE
TRADES COUNCIL
KEEP HANDS OFF
going to run our mills or is the Trades
Council? We don't propose to make our
mills union shops. Those who have had
experience with unionism say they hardly
know whether their souls are their own.
The mill owners of San Francisco don't
propose to be brought under any such
ordeal as that."
J. E. Britt, a plumber, favored both
sides being heard, which would enable the
exchange members to more thoroughly
understand the situation. After weighing
the testimony of both sides the exchange
would then be In a position to commit it
self In a resolution.
McCarthy Denied a Hearing.
J. D. McGilvary wanted a committee ap
pointed at once to draw up a set of reso
lutions which would furnish a basis of dis
cussion. He was opposed to asking In any
representative of the Trades Council, but
sug-g-ested that a delegation from the
Millmen's Union might be invited to pre
sent their side of the affair.
James A. Wilson- said -the -Trades Coun
cil never troubled Itself about asking any
of the mill-owners to its meetings, so he
failed to see the logic of inviting any
of the other side to their meeting. Presi
dent McCarthy waa outside, and he sent
in a request for an audience, but it was
refused. As no member of the mill
men's union could be found who waa
willing to speak before the exchange, the
question of hearing their side of the case
was given up.
Mr. McGllvray said the most serious as
pect of the trouble is the threat of the
Trades Council that unless the owncfsi
give in it will institute a sympathetic
strike that would involve all the building
trades in the city. The speaker referred
to the Chicago strike and predicted a
similar status of affairs here unless care
fully guarded against by the employers.
"A.fter a while they will want us to use
the tools that the council may stipulate
and the unions will demand the right to
put in their own foremen and superin
tendents."
The following resolution was offered by
Mr. McGllvray:
Resolved, That the members of the Build
ers' Kxcliance deprecate the methods used by
the Bulldins Trades Council in settling the dis
pute between the 'mill-owners and, the mill
hands; and we believe that the difference
should be adjusted by the employer and em
ploye In their respective trades.
J. E. Britt Bpoke In opposition to the
' resolution, saying in part:
"This resolution accomplishes nothing.
In so far as I can see it leaves the mat
ter right where it Is. We should do some
thing to bring about a settlement. It
seems to me arbitration is necessary.
The eight-hour law is becoming univer
sal. It has been made the law of the
State and it has been made the law of
the United States. The millmen are en
titled to the same hours as the plumb
ers or carpenters or bricklayers."
Believes in Arbitration.
Mr. Wilson spoke in favor of the reso
lution. He said: "All questions and all
quarrels should be adjusted between the
employer and the employe. I am most
decidedly opposed to th<^ labor trust
which has been formed here in San Fran
cisco. On the other hand, I am in sym
pathy with the millmen In their demand
for eight hours. The owners will be able
to survive If the eight-hour schedule is
adopted."
Mr. Wilson closed by reiterating his be
lief that an amicable understanding
could be reached without the aid of the
Trades Council, and incidentally the
speaker scored the council's president
whom he styled as "the man without a
craft who desired to pose as the grand
dictator for all siaes."
Mr. Moore of the Excelsior mills said
the mill-owners could run their shops foi
years to come, despite all boycotts and
interferences by the Trades Council.
"One-third of the business turned out
by the local mills," he said," goes to for
eign ports. No matter what is done I
for one am going to . run my mill as I
choose."
George Gray of Gray Bros, said his
firm had to give in to the eight-hour de
mand, and he saw no reason why the
planing mills should be an exception, to
which Andrew Wilkle replied:
"Prior to July 1 we had our secretary
notify each mill to send him the amouni
of business done for the six months pre
vious to that date. He footed up the to
tals and found that 48 per cent orthe pro*
duct went abroad or was used by others
outside of Trades Council members. Now
are we to allow ourselves to be dominated
by those who only use 52 per cent of our
output? Our business is a manufacturing
industry. If you are going to confine us
to local business you might as well burn
up our mills."
Mr.Chisolm jsaid he was not opposed to
an eight-hour workday, but he waa
against being compelled to do what Mc-
Carthy and others said.
The McGilvary resolution was then
adopted, after which McGilvary moved
the appointment of a committee of five to
confer with the Millmens' Union (ignor
ing the Trades Council), but the, meeting
adjourned without further action.
At a meeting of the associated mill own
ers last night reports were received from
air the members showing an Increase in
the number of men applying for, work., a
number of the mills ore running •with full
crews ' and the owners ; are satisfied . It is
only a question of a very short time when
they will have all the men needed, v
The planing mill trouble furnished fuel
for two hours' lively debate at the Build
ers' Exchange on New Montgomery street
yesterday afternoon. The meeting waa a
special one, being called at the request of
ten members of the organization, who de
sired an expression of opinion on the mer
its and demerits of the millmen's demand
for an eight-hour workday. About 200
members were present, nearly every line
of the building trades being represented.
S. H. Kent, president of the exchange,
presided and explained the object of the
meeting.
William Shaughnessy made a statement
in behalf of the mill owners. The first
circular in regard to an eight-hour work
day, he said, was received by the mill
owners from the Millmen's Union last
April.
•"They wanted a committee from our or
ganization to meet the Trades Council,"
he said. "We met them, and one of the
propositions offered by the council was
that in the event of the acceptance of the
eight-hour plan the mill owners should
be protected from nine-hour mills outside
the city. But this agreement was broken
a few days later by President McCarthy,
who denied that any such plan had been
agreed to by the council. We then de
cided to have nothing more to do with the
council; that whatever future dealings we
might have with the millmen would be
with their union direct
"The eight-hour agitation has now re-
Bolved itself into the question: Are we
Resolution Passed Advising an Early
Settlement of Planing - Mill
Strike by the Owners and
Builders' Exchange Opposed
to President McCarthy's
- The meeting of the Police Commission
ers called for Tuesday night will , not: be
held. President .' Newhall said yesterday
that it had been postponed out of respect
to the memory of the wife of Commis
sioner Mahoney, who died yesterday. -
Police Board Meeting Postponed.
John I. Sabtn, president of the Pacific
Telephone and Telegraph Company, has
notified, the Board of Supervisors that
Bixty-three telephones now used by the
Police and Fire departments will be dis
continued. This action is the resist of
the appropriation for telephones Having
been cut from $15,000 to T7000.
Will Remove City Telephones.
Acquittal.
The second trial by a Jury of the case
ot Henry Schwartz, charged with violat-
Irg the ordinance against poolselling, was
he'd before Judge Conlan yesterday and
•sgain resulted in a disagreement, ten be
hg for conviction and two for acquittal.
The jury was impaneled Friday and the
ti'i* commenced yesterday morning. Al
t' 3 ¦'>' Joseph Coffey prosecuted and the
d«t:.dant was represented by Attorney
Gtoree D. Collins. Lieutenant Birdsall
tettlfled as before to buying a pool on
Ju»e 19 on the Hanrahan-West fight at
Coipy Island and he was corroborated. by
PoLcctnaa McMurray. Schwartz took the
For the Second Time a Jury Fails to
Agree, Two Being for
JUSTICE AGAIN THWARTED
, IN THE SCHWARTZ CASE
would not change his vote under any con
sideration. Stein, the other Jurors said
would have voted for conviction If Mc-
Mahon had changed. At the first trial
three were for acquittal.
Foreman McMahon only cast one ballot
and that was for acquittal. He told the
other Jurors, so they Bald, that they
would have to come over to him, as he
"The majority of us are Intelligent men,
but everything depends on two men in
front," meaning Foreman R. McMahon,
awning and tent manufacturer, 208
Drumm street, and Henry • Stein, shoe
maker, 202 Powell street. The Jury wa3
then discharged and the case was con
tinued till to-morrow to be Bet.
Counsel addressed the Jury and the
Judge gave them full Instructions. They
retired about the noon hour and three
times up to 4 o'clock returned to ask what
was the definition of a pool. They were
told each time what constituted a pool
under the law, but at 4 o'clock they sail
they could not agree. Attorney Coftey
Insisted on them being sent back, but
they said it was no use and one of them,
W. H. Crim, remarked:
stand and did not deny that he was en
gaged in the poolselling business or that
he sold the ticket to the lieutenant.
About 5 o'clock two women and two men
entered the dive and Abbott made Jeering
remarks about the girl to them- She
asked him to go outside and talk with her.
when he Btruck her and grabbing her by
the neck threw her out. She again asked
him to come outside and talk with her.
remarking he would be sorry if he did not.
He came toward her threateningly and
told her to go away. As he turned on his
heel to walk into the bar she fired the shot
and the bullet entered his back Just below
the left shoulder blade. Abbott was led
into the bar and Dr. A. M. Taylor was
summoned. He probed for the bullet, but
could not find it, and he ordered Abbott's
removal to the Pacific Hospital, Chestnut
and Stockton streets.
The pirl after the shooting walked north
along Dupont atreet and was met by Po
licemen Taylor and Nelson, who had heard
the shot. She told them she had shot Ab
bott and added, "If I haven't finished him
this time I will the next time," She hand
ed them the revolver and was taken to
the City Prison, where a charge of assault
to murder was booked against her. She
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday
morning and was represented by ex-Judge
Graham. After being Instructed as to her
rights the case was continued till Au
gust 28.
The girl told her story In the City Prison
without showing any emotion. She Bald:
"I was Introduced to Abbott by a girl
friend about ten days before last Christ
mas. I was then employed In the San Fran
cisco laundry, which boards its help. I
got $17 a month and my board and lodg
ing. Abbott fascinated me- with his talk
about my appearance and the fine-dresses
and diamonds I would wear, and on
Christmas night I went to live with him
at 217 Grant avenue. He compelled me to
According to the girl's Etory he Boon
V* can to treat her cruelly. He would
tirike her because she did not earn
enough money, and two weeks ago at the
ferry he blackened both her eyes and cut
Yur lip with his diamond ring. She hail
P'i -<;n sick inr some time, and the girls who
frequent Abbott's dive told her that h«
v. .- getting tired. of her and was already
i < gotiatln^ for another girl to take her
.,1,-icc They had a row Friday morning,
and Abbott", who was doing politics, did
j;ot return to the dive till after 1 o'clock
jesterday morning. She was there, and
Abbott in the presence of a number of
women and men snapped his fingers in
li< r faro and told her "she had no strings
on him." fche wanted money to buy food,
bat be refused it, and she went to a sa
lmon close by and borrowed 25 cents.
The plrl. who is a tall, willowy brunette.
was employed In the San Francisco laun
dry when she was introduced to Abbott a
few days prior to last Christmas by a
jounc lady friend, who was acquainted
¦u-ith one of Abbott's bartenders. Abbott
praised "the girl for her bewitching faco
and stylish figure and pandered to her
vanity by telling: her If ehe came to live
¦with him she ¦would wear the best of M'.ks
and diamonds. Christmas day the girl
forsook her family and friends for Abbott,
and from being a good grfrl became at Ab
bott's command a denizea of the "tender
loin." • V =
BrLLY ABBOTT, keeper cf a notori
ous <5!ve at 414 Dupont street, wu
shot In the back early yesterday
morning by Rene Adams, a young
girl with whom he has consorted since
la* t Christmas. The thootir.g was the re
pult of Jealousy, and it was lucky for Ab
bott that only a 22-callMr revolver was
used. «
DESPERATE GIRL TRIES TO KILL THE MAN WHO DRAGGED HER INTO
THE DEPTHS.
Pages 31 to 40
Pages 31 to 40
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.
New Warship Will Be
Launched on Eighth
of September.
Daughter of Sen=
ator Warren to
Christen the
Big Fighter.
WOttEN OF WYOMING TO PRESENT
SILVER SERVICE TO MONITOR
NEW MONITOR WYOMING WHICH IS SOON TO BE LAUNCHED AT THE
> UNION IRON WORKS.
? """™» ' l'i >m :j»— " ti-u-i rn fl IAI _-*^ ¦¦ "¦;•'.
Notorious Billy Abbott Is
Attacked by Victim
He Had Discarded.
He Forces tier to
a Life of Shame
and Then Beats
4 Her.
Rene Adams, Cast Off by
Her Degraded Consort,
Tries to Kill Him.
She Leaves Home
When Promised
Silks and Gerns
by Scoundrel.TOD SLOAN SAID LAST WEEK ON HIS ARRIVAL IN NEW YORK
FROM ENGLAND. "I'VE COME OVER TO WIN THE FUTURITY." AND
HE DID.
DURING THE MATCH FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP.
Good Performance Given in Long-Dis
ance and Accuracy Events at
Stow Lake.
The San Francisco Flycastlng Club
held Its twelfth Saturday contest at Stow
Lake yesterday, having a westerly wind
and a very disagreeable fog to contend
with. But even under these conditions
some very good scores were made.
In the long-distance event Everett cast
117 feet, Brotherton taking second place
with 114 and Muller third place with 102.
In the accuracv event Brotherton took
first place with 94 8-12 per cent. Everett
second, 91, and Edwards third, 90 8-12.
In the delicacy event Muller secured
first place with 87 11-12 per cent, Everett
taking second place with 87 5-12 and Skin
ner third with 86 7-12.
The following is a complete list of
scores:
TWELFTH WEEKLY MEET
OF THE FLYCASTERS
players are to be traded or sold before
August 15. I
KANSAS CITT, Aug. 25.— Edward F.
Fauteck, aged 21, son of Frederick Fau
teck,¦; a wealthy farmer,, was t killed last
night in Wyandotte County, across the
river. ' _The evidence . points . to murder for
robbery.' The body • was found to-day on
the tracks of the Kansas City-Leavcn
,worth electric line, where it : had ~ been
placed evidently to cover up the crime.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 23.—The consecra
tion of Right Rev. Henry Moeller as
Bishop of Columbus, took place at the
cathedral this morning. Archbishop Elder
and the Bishops of Indianapolis. Atlanta.
Grand Rapids, Nashville, Covington and
other dioceses, together jwlth about 200
priests, participated In the imposing cere
monfi An immense congregation -was
present.
/ Murdered by Robbers.
Bishop Moeller Consecrated.
PACIFIC GROVE. Aug. 25.— The Mon
"terey County tennis singles tournament
was held at the City Courts to-day.^Sin
clair Harper won, defeating hl3 brother
James, the county champion of 1S93, In the
finals by a score of 4-6. 6-4, 6-2, 9-7. Young
Harper la 17 years old and one of the
best players for his age In California.
He played a magnificent same throughout
the tournament. He will soon meet A.
"W Jones of Salinas, the present cham
pion, for the 1900 championship.
Harper the Victor at Monterey.
Men's championship singles, final round— H.
H. Hackett (Yale) beat E. P. Fisher (New
York) 7 — 5. 1 — 6. * — *¦ *— *-
Men's championship doubles, semi-final—
Krelgh Collins and Harry Wardner (Chicago)
beat F. P. Alexander and R. D. Little (Prince-
Final round— Sumner and Samuel Hardy (San
Francisco) beat Krelgh Collins and Harry
Wardner (Chicago), C-4, 6-3. &-2. . _
Ladies' singles, final round— Miss Wimer
(Washington) beat Miss Parker (Chicago). 9—7,
3—6 6—3, 6— 2. Y
Ladlcs' doubles, final round— Miss Pennlngton
and Miss Stever (Chicago) beat the Misses
Wimer (Washington), 6— 4, 6— 2, 6— 2. - v
NIAGARA ON THE LAKE, Ont.. Aug.
25.— The international tennis tournament
was continued here to-day. Scores:
ment at Niagara.
HAJEtDYS VICTORIOUS.
Pay's Scores in the Tennis Tourna-
beat S. Handy' s Twin City Girt. 5-4;
C. O. Peterson" s Silver Cloud beat E. M. Kel
logs's Iowa Boy, 7-2; E. M. Helloes'* Sweet
Emma beat D. Toland'a Pleasant Girl. 3-0;
Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat J. Farrell' a
Cash Day. 10-1; Curtis &. Son'a Anchor beat
P. A. McComb's Motto. 5-3; H. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence beat Jeff Martenett's Buxton. 6-3;
P. J. Rellly'8 The Grafter beat F. Jones' Har
lean Gladys, 3-1; Curtis & Son's Flylne Fox
beat Pasha Kennels' Reckless Archer, 5-1; J.
Hurley's O K Capitol beat Pasha Kennels' May
Hempstead, 4-3; J. Carroll's Master Claire beat
D. E. Wiley's High Born Lady. 6-1: R. E. de
B. Lopez's Whitehead beat Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Rosle Claire. 6-0; Connell Bros." St.
Helen beat W. Creamer's Onward, 8-4; Walsh
& Heenan's Sacramento Boy beat George Whit
ney's Theron, 11-9; "W. C. Glasson's Santonin
beat Georse S barman's Bowery Boy, 5-0; G.
W. Hetntz's High Jinks beat J. R. Smlth/j
Victor Queen. 4-0; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Crawford Lad, 5-0;
L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain beat Lowe &
Thompson's Little Fullerton. 9-8: H. Lynch' a
Lexington beat James Sheridan's Forest Queen.
4-2. Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening beat *-u
Carroll's Auckland, S-2* F. A. McComb's S'. 1^
Pasha beat P. O'Dowd's Cascade. 8-3; PashaT
Kennels' Royal Anne beat Curtis & Son's Maud
8, 4-1; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael beat Jeff Mar
tenett's Bill Foster, 3-1; James Sheridan's For
est Kin: beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Crawfonl
Rex. 12-10; Captain Cane's Greenhall beat T.
J. Cronin's Wild Tralee, 4-3; J. H. Perigo'a
Bohe beat Erwin & Lyons' Silver Wines, S-7:
B. Silver's Reannex tw-at L. F. Bartels' Beer
Brewer. 4-3; J. P. Thrift's Forget beat E.
Geary's America. 3-1: J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat
James Byrnes' Battleship. 6-3; R. K. de B.
Lopez's Sara beat J. McNeil's Blackhawk. 2-0;
T. Tierney's Tea Rose beat Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Weddlnr Bells, 9-4; E. M. Kellogg'a
Kid McCoy beat Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured.
4-0; Pasha Kennel3' Recording Angel, a bye.
Teachers Homeward Botmd.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 23.— The United
States transports Crook. McPherson.
Rawllns and Spgwick. having on board
the 1300 Cuban fbhool teachers who spent
two days In seeing the sights of this city,
sailed for Havana at & o'clock this mora
ing.
CANDIDATES FOR
THE FINALS ARE
EVENLY MATCHED
Speedy, Hounds -Do Clever
Work in the Union Park
Open Stake.
Imported Fine Fire Proves a Fast
One, but a Gruelling Course
Puts Him Out of tlie
Running 1 .
The open stake at Union Park yesterday
was replete with fast and clever coursing
in which the favorites more than held
their own. The short ends which were
favored with the flag won out on merit,
and in each instance took the lead from
the favorite and held top score to the
The" Aeneid Kennels' imported Fine Fire
showed all kinds of speed in the course
with Sleigh Bells and led Glasson's entry
many lengths. The dogs were slipped to
a lively hare that gave them more run
ning than was looked for. After a long
chase the game reached the lower escape,
but at once returned to the field and
started the hounds on another run. Again
the hare got away, but only to repeat his
performance and work the dogs to a
standstill. Relief dogs were let loose and
the course ended. The heavy going: will
have a bad effect on Fine Fire and he will
probably be withdrawn from the stake.
But nine points were scored in the entire
course.
The relief dogs were again called In the
go between Candelaria and Depend on Me.
A fast hare made the dogs extend them
selves and had them all out. Curtis' dog
won, the course, but will be handicapped
in the finals by the heavy work. Harlean
Gladys, a Futurity candidate, showed by
her work that she has recovered from her
recent severe going. She made The
Grafter do some running to beat her.
Sacramento Boy beat Theron in a good
go. Both oogs were well backed. The
best-played race of the day was that be
tween Forget and America. The talent
made a favorite of Thrift's dog, but after
the dogs had run an undecided forced him
on the short end at 2 to 1. He won in the
run-off, scoring 3 points against America's
h *. F ? r ? l0 . ry V> Whitehead, Bohe, Rural
Artist and Sir Pasha are among the ones
favored for stake honors. With these fast
ones and many others that showed good
form yesterday the finals should furnish
some good coursing. The day's results,
with Judge John Grace's otacial scores,
follow:
Open stake, first round— J. H. Perlgo's Con
troller beat Curtis & Son's Old Glory, 12-5; J.
Moriarity's Snapper Garrison a bye; Aeneid
Kennels' Fine Fire beat W. C. Glasson's Sleigh
Bells. 6-3; F. A. McCotnb's Royal Flush beat
M. Dunlea's Erin. 6-2; F. A. McComb's Patriot
a bye; P. McCabe's Craig Boy beat F. Schou's
King's Borderer, 5-£; H. Lynch'* Swedish beat
Condrey & Rought's Homeward Bound. S-0;
Curtis & Son's Narcissus beat 11. E. de B. Lo
pez's Peplta, 6-0; P. J. Reilly's Royal Union
beat Lowe & Thompson's Scotch Reel. 4-1; J.
L. Ross' J L R beat H. A. Deckelman's Snap
shot. 5-1; Curtis & Son's Candelarla beat T. J.
Cronin's Depend On Me. 19-13; J. Sutton's Mas
ter Lawrence beat J. Smith's Master Workman,
4-2; E. Geary's Ireland beat George Nether
cott's Freda C, 10-1; T. J. Mclnerney's John
nie R beat J. II. W. It tiller' 3 Cruiser. 8-1: F.
Jones' La vlca beat H. Lynch' s Lottie M. 13-1:
H. A. Deckelman'B Rocker beat P. J. ReUly'a
Plough Boy, 7-4: Pasha Kennels' Rollicking
Airs beat Russell. Allen' & "Wilson's Magic,
10-3: Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas beat I. N. Woods'
CllfT "Wilson. 5-1; R. L. Taylor's Mose beat
Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara. 7-4; T. W. Bartela'
Mac's Melody beat J. Holden'B Scottish Chief.
6-1: Cantain Cane's. Miss Penman beat R. B.
de B. Lopez's Dairy llald. 22-2: Curtis &. Son s
McKlnley beat J. Mortality's Jlmmle Anthony.
10-0: J. Button's Mayflower beat Captain Canes
Master Davenport. -B-2; C. B. Charlesworth s
Crawford Braes beat Sterl& Knowlea' Sleety
Mist. 6-4: Curtis & Son's War Eagle
| Ballyhoo Bey was still running strong
and true, and a furlong from home was a
neck in front of Olympian, with. Tommy
Atkins, already under the whip, closing
strong a length back. From there home
It was a hard drive. The crowd in the
grandstand were shouting and cheering,
the hysterical shrieks of the women ris
ing above all. "The favorite wins." was
the shout. "No, the favorite is beaten."
"Ballyhoo Bey wins," • was then heard
from the followers of the Whitney stable.
Sloan was no longer crouched over the
neck of his horse, but was riding desper
ately with whip and spur. Henry was<also
working hard on Olympian, and for a few
strides It was hard to tell which would
stand the drive better., *¦:.---•
Gradually, however, Sloan, with all his
skill and cunning, drew away, with Bally
hoo Bey. and amid the wildest enthusi
asm sent the game little colt across the
finish line a. length and * a half before
Olympian. Tommy Atkins was a third
of a length behind his stable mate, while
five lengths away Sweet Lavender headed
the remainder of the tired field. .
The Futurity of 1900 vaa over and Bally
hoo Bey. for whom William C Whitney
paid $12,000 as a yearling, was the hero of
the day. - Sloan and his fleet - mount" re
ceived an ovation when " they cantered
Ballyhoo Bey Wins.
The positions were unchanged through
the next furlong. Cap and Bells and
Ballyhoo Bey were running head and head
in front, the latter going much the easier
of the two and Sloan looking around for
danger from behind. All through the
third furlcng Spencer was urging Cap and
Bells. She was running gamely and still
held a slight advantage, but It was plain
to* all that she could not hold her speed
to the end. The pace was beginning:
to tell, and Henry, seeing this, -sent
Olympian along to take issue with Bally
hoo Bey. These three rounded thfc bend
into the stretch necks apart, but Cap and
Bells was done, and « from this point
gradually dropped behind, Spencer easing
her up when he found she was beaten.
Then came the big race and the parade
of the highly bred youngsters, led by the
Keene trio. Tommy Atkins, Cap and Bells
and Olympian, with Elkhorn and Bally
hoo Bey, of the Whitney string, next and
the others following. They got to the
post promptly and in a very few minutes
came the first break, which was a false
one. Golden Age refusing to Join his
company. The second was worse, for
•three refused. But the starter caught
them in line the third time, the red flag
swished through the air and they were
off to a good start.
Spencer, who was on Cap and Bells,
rushed his mount into the lead at once,
but Sloan, on Ballyhoo Bey, was not
caught napping and sent his horse along
side the flying filly. Elkhorn, Golden Age
and Tommy Atkins were close up, and
they came down the chute like a line of
cavalry. Spencer, who was plainly out
to make the running for his stable mates,
sent Cap and Bells along at her best
speed, but, do what she could, it was
Impossible to shake off Ballyhoo Bey,
who, a neck away, was principally help
ing her make the pace. Sloan was
crouched low over her neck, wide awake
to his advantage, for he was in a posi
tion to choose his own going on a track
that was dry and wet in places. At the
end of the first furlong Henry had
brought Olympian, another of the Keene
trio, from eighth place to third, and was
a length and a half behind Ballyhoo Bey,
while Tommy Atkins. Elkhorn and Sweet
Lavender were heads apart a half length
away, the others being already far out of
the race.
Start in the Futurity.
Olympian, was second, and Tommy At
kins, from the same stable, landed in
third place, with the others trailing. The
winner was ridden out. The attendance
at the big race was not as large as had
been expected, for it was thought that
the track would be deep in mud, and such
was the case at 10 o'clock this morning.
Nevertheless, fully 15,000 people were on
the grand stand, down on the lawn,
against the rails in the inner field ana
up In the "free" field. When the horses
were called to the post Just before 4:30
o'clock, the crowd had been coming in
steadily since noon, but there was no
great rush at any time.
From sunrise until the first race was
called and between the races a big gang
of men were at work on the track, scrap-
Ing, raking and harrowing it, turning up
tho wet soil to }he drying heat of the sun,
and it was In good condition when tht
race was called, to the great surprise of
everybody.
The big crowd waited patiently through
the first race and applauded wildly when
the Whitney youngster. Rowdy, was set
back from second place for a foul. They
saw Mr. Whitney win the second with
Rush, and then plung-ed on Jean Beraud
to win the fall handicap, but Sloan, who
had the mount, after getting off llat-foot
ed rode into a pocket in the stretch and
was unplaced.
Leading experts who witnessed the bat
tle between Sharkey and Fitzsimmons
nay that Fitzsimmons is the gTea.test
heavy-weight fighter we have had In
many years, and many of them are of the
opinion that the lanky fellow will turn
the tables on Jeffries If they ever fight
ajrain.
DERBY, Conn.,- Aug 1 . 23. — James J. Jef
frits paid this afternoon that he would
not fight Fitzsimmons on August 31. He
declared it was too ehort a time in which
to get Into condition, and the public was
eick of fighters who need a rest for a
star. He thought a fight now between
Fitzsimmons and himself would be a
financial failure.
Although Fitzsimmons is confident that
he can beat JeffrieE, it is doubtful If the
big fellows will be seen In the ring for a
long time. While Fitzsimmons might
obtain his wife's consent to engage in one
more battle, the time Is too short in which
to arrange the details for a bout before
tlie Horton law expires. There is no bat
tie ground in sight except Carson City
where pugilists of note can meet ¦without
interference by authorities. Fitzsimmons
is perfectly willing to fight in Carson
City, and Jeffries could hardly offer any
objections to Nevada If sincere in his de
pire to arrange a match. But there is an
other consideration that may cause the
f trescnt champion to hesitate about binfl
ag himself to a match at an early date;
It Is a theatrical engagement. He Is
booked for a tour of fifty-four weeks.
"None as yet. I am in favor of Bob's
immediate retirement from the prize ring.
He has got all tlie glory and money out
of figrhtlng 1 possible for him to obtain, and
I now want him to settle down and go
Into business." '.*{
Whether P-obert FitzsSmmons meets
Champion Jeffries or not depends largely
on the course Mrs. Fitzsimmons maps
out ftrr her husband so far as his pugilis
tic affairs are concerned. After defeating
Sharkey, Fitzsimmons said he would fol
low his -wife's advice regarding- his future
movements in the prize ring, declaring
that if he had given heed to her advice
before he would never have lost the
championship. When Mrs. Kltzslmmons
was asked what plans Ehe had arranged
for her husband in a pugilistic way,' Ehe
said:
"I have defeated Fitzsimmons decisive
ly once and I think I can do it again, but
I think it would be poor business policy
to fight right away, for the iiphtinpr pub
lic needs a rest. I shall let no engage
ments interfere with xny championship
battles, but I reserve the right to set
aside time to train."
Jeffries, who was at Derby, Conn., dur
ing the day, was seen there and said rela
tive to the challenge:
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— Bob Fltzsim
xnons ha» challenged Jim Jeffries for a
fight to t»e held August 31, and has posted
S25A0 as a forfeit. Fitzsimmons says that
Jeffries must meet him on* that day or
admit that he Is afraid of him.
Owing to Theatrical Contracts and
Otlier Considerations It Is Very
Unlikely That the Men
Will Meet.
Willing to Meet Jeffries Be
fore the First of Sep
tember.
FITZSIMMONS
NOW CHALLENGES
THE CHAMPION
NETV YORK. Aug. :5.-After a Jour
ney of 2000 miles to ride William
C. Whitney's colt Ballyhoo Bey,
Tod Sloan, the whilom American
jockey, who has done all of his rid
ing In England for the last two years,
succeeded in sending his mount first to
the wire ia the rich Futurity stakes at
Eheepshead Bay to-day, ar.d gathered in
$33,830 for his employer. The favorite.
mISS MIRIAM HALL won the all
comers' in tho championship la
dles' singles at San Rafael yes
terday by defeating Miss Alice C.
Hoffman In the finals. She is now. the
champion of the Pacific Coast States, as
Miss Violet Sutton defaulted. By her vic
tory she becomes the proud possessor of a
handsome silver challenge cup, which
must be won three times to be retained
permanently.
Play was commenced by Miss Hall serv
ing, and she won the first game easily.
The second game was* hotly contested,
Miss Hoffman losing. The score. 2—0. in
Miss Hall's favor was' soon i — 0. ' Miss
Hall took the fifth same, making 5 — 0. In
the sixth game Miss Hoffman ran to the
game, making 3—1. Miss Hoffman took
I the fifth game by several good passes.
! Miss Hall -won the sixth game, her oppo
nent putting the balls in the net, score
{ 4—2. The seventh game fell to MiS3 Hoff
j man, who was now playing her best, hit
j ting the ball with gTeat force, score 4—3.
I Miss Hall won the eighth game by misses
of Miss Hoffman, who .became very er
ratic. The ninth and last game was won
easily by Miss Hall through her oppo
nent's errors. Several good rallies took
place during the match.
In the morning a mixed double tourney
was held. G. F. Kincaid and Mrs. F. H.
Kane of New York defeating MlS3 Emma
Hunter and Allen Powers. 10—8, 6—1. Mrs.
Haslett and H. W. Crowell beat Mrs. Kin
caid and Mr. Kane. 7—3. « — ?, and won the
tcm.13 racKcta o«fcr«u xor prtzea. t~T,
Both players had a fast service and only
two double faults were made in the
match. Miss Hall won the first game, a
deuce and vantage three times, although
Mis3 Hoffman had a lead of 15—40. Miss
Hoffman lost the escond, a deuce and van
tage game, when she again had a lead of
40—30. Tho third, a love game, went to
Miss Hoffman, who won by her deep vol
leying. Miss Hall won the fourth, a love
In the second set and last both players
warmed up to their work.' driving the ball
with speed and volleying with great force.
It was a clean exhibition of hard hitting,
something unusual in a ladies' game.
net and by well placed volleys won a love
game. She also took the next, making It
2—5, Miss Hall leading. Miss Hall took
the eighth game and set by the netted
balls of her opponent.
FUTURITY WINNERS UP TO DATE.
2:17 trot, purse r $2000— Chain ' Shot i won tho
first third, and fourth heats. : Cornelia > Belle
won the second heat. Best time, 2:11%. Phoeba,
Spice and Anzllla also started.
2:20 pace, purse $1000— "Wilkes Cepes won the
second, third and fourth heats. Tommy "Wilton
won the first heat." : Best time, 2:10%.- Vesper
and Black Kid also started, :•¦.-
2:27 trot, purse $1000— Joy Maker won the
third, fourth and fifth heats. ¦ Extinct won tho
first and second heats.- Best time, 2:15%. John
L and Al K also started. - L 1 >-^P"*fa9S8&fiJK8S ! 5S!
DUBUQUE, la., Aug. 25.— Nutwood Park
races closed to-day with fair weather and
good track. Attendance, 2000. In the 2:27
trot McBain, driver of Al K, was ' fined
$100 for pulling his horse. Summary:
a Horse.
TB0TTTNG AT NTJTWOOD.
Driver McBain Is Fined for Pulling
Selling, seven furlongs — Godfrey won, Fleur
on second, Bold Knight third. Time, 1:29^1
The Spencer handicap, for three-year-olds
and upward, one mile and a furlong, purse
JjOOC— Martlmas won. Charentus I second, Ad
vance Guard third. Time. 1:63%. :"
Six furlongs — Tammany Chief won. Cherished
second, Queen Carnival third. Time, 1:15%.
Mile and fifty-five yards, selling— Althea won,
Specific second, Precursor third. Time, 1:45%.
Five and a half furlongs— Colrhester . won,
Guess Work second, Great American third.
Time. 1:06%.
SARATOGA, Aug. 23.— It was "get
away" day at the Spa and the Spencer
handicap, with a value of $5000, was tha
star attraction. • Charentus appeared to be
the only one worth considering, but'Mar
tlmas snowed a startling reversal of form
and won. Summary:
DETROIT, Mich., Aug. 25.— Six of tho
seven favorites won at Highland^Park to
day. Weather clear; track fast. Summary:
Six furlongs, selling — Gold Lack won. Give
and Take second, Loorapi tMrd. Time, 1:15.
Five furlongs, selling — Amoroso won, Virginia
T second, Matanzaa third. Time, 1:03%. -
Mile — Knnomla won, Alfred Vargrace second.
Free Lance third: Time, 1:41%.
Five and a half furlongs— Salve won, Mili
tant second. Terminus third. Time, 1:07%.
Mile, selling — Hermencla K •won, Wllkerson
second. Momentum third. Time, - 1:43%.
Three-quarters mile, selling— Zanone won,
Sakatuck second, Alex third. Time 1:13%.
Six furlongs— By George won. Queen Anne
second. Deist third.' Time, 1:14%.
Handicap, six furlongs— St. Cuthbert 'won,
Tom Collins second, "W. J. Baker third, j Time,
1:14%.
Five and a half furlongs — Odnor won, Isobel
second, Orleans third. Time, 1:09%.
Six and a half furlongs— Meddlesome won,
Percy R second. Whisper Low third. Time,
l:22>4.
Coronation handicap, one mile— Dorothy Lee
won, George W. Jenkins second. Time, 1:47. j
Handicap, one mile and a sixteenth— Joe
Doughty won, Gotobed second, Tom Gilmore
third. Time. 1:48%.
One mile and three-sixteenths — Barrlca won,
Orlandlne second. Pinar del Rio third. Time,
2:04.
One mile — Go Out won, Ida Ledford second.
Zazel third. Time. 1:42%.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 25.— The Coronation
handicap, the feature of to-day's card at
the Fair Grounds, was spoiled by scratch
es. Only two horses started. The race
was a gift for Dorothy Lee, who took the
lead at Jlagfall and galloped home' an
easy winner In the slow time of 1:47. Re
sults:
CHICAGO, Aug-. 25.— Our Nellie won the
two mile Endurance stake at Hawthorne
this afternoon in impressive style from
Admetus. the heavily played second
choice. The race was a spectacular event,
although four of the "eight entries were
scratched.
Highland Lad was a warm tip in tha
uecond race, and although Algareta was
installed favorite, the bulk of the piay
went in on the former. He won by half
a length.
Passe Partout met his Waterloo in tho
steeplechase to-day. The little mare
Frond, who was coupled with Sir Dick as
entry, won. Frond looked like a polo
pony beside the other big timber toppers
and people marveled at her cleverness in
taking the Jumps. Two bad falls oc
curred during the race, but neither Jockey
was injured. Summary:
Five furlongs— Fancywood won. Lady Idrls
second. Regea third. Time, 1:05%.
Six furlongs— Highland Lad won, Algareta
second. L. T. Caton third. Time, 1:17.
Steeplechase, handicap, short course— Frond
won. Passo Partout second, Coronatus third.
Time. 3:16. .* .
Endurance stakes, two miles— Our Nellie
won. Admetus isecond, Stuttgart third. Time,
3:38%.
Six furlongs— John A. Morris won. The Lady
second. Headwater third. Time, 1:15%.
One mile— Free Hand won, Nan-O-Kee- sec
ond. Dandy H third. Time, 1:45%.
One mile. Belling— Prince Blazes won. Great
Bend second, Patroon third. Time, 1:43%.
DETROIT. Mich., Aug. 25.— Only one' ot
the betting choices landed in front at
Windsor to-day. Miller was the star per
former in the saddle, winning three of the
races. Summary:
One mile, selling— Charley%-hane won. Alva
II second. Trouballne third. Time, l:44Vi-
Six furlonps, selling— Kid Hampton won.
Horsa second. Prentice Young third. Time,
1:15H-
One mile— Miss Soak won, Handlcapper sec
ond. Come Quick third. Time. 1:42.
Five and a half furlongs— Bummer won.
Acushla second. Pirate Belle third. Time. l:0i^i.
Steeplechase, full course — Xufalligr won, Sai
lust second. Last Fellow third. Time, 3M\.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Innovator
won, George Lebar second, Margaret Ilageman
third. Time. UZOk
at Hawthorne.
Takes the Two-Mile Endurance Stakes
OUR NELLIE WINS.
back to weigh in. The band played Hail
to the Chief," and the lucky winners
pushed wildly into the ring to cash, bum
jnary:
Five and a half furlongs— Lavallerie won.
Colonel Padden second; Rochampton third.
Time. 1:09 3-5.
One mile— Rush won, Karr.ara second, An
dronlcus third. Time. 1:40.
Fall handicap, six furlongs— Waring won. I o
tente second. Contestor third. Time, 1:14.
Futurity course, 170 feet less than - six fur
longs—Ballyboo Bey, 112 (T. Sloan). 11 to 5 and
4 to 5, won by one and a half lengths; Olympian,
112 (Henry), 7 to 10 and out, second bya length;
Tommy Atkins. 129 (O'Connor), 7 to 10 and
out. third. Time, 1:10. Sweet Lavender, Elk
horn, Blues, All Green. Cap and Bells, Golden
Ate, IJclvlno. Tower of Candles and Lady or
the Valley also ran. and finished as named. ~
The inaugural pteeplechnse, about two miles-
Plato won. Old Tank secend, Charasrace third.
Tim<?, 4:19. . „
Mile and a sixteenth, on turf, selling—Green
o-k won, Central TrusS second, Dolando third.
Time, 1:43 1-5.
CHICAGO, Aug. 25.-A special to the
Dally News from Milwaukee to-day says
that by ; a contract entered ; into between
the American Baseball League and Presi
dent Hart of the . Chicago . National
League Club.:; Hart has ? the privilege : of
drawing 1 * two • players from each of r the
American Leagrue teams, paying them the
regular drafting : price of $1000. A* clause
of the contract, the special says, also pro
vides , that none of the - American League
New Baseball Contract.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 25.— Phillips lOBt the game
In the tenth inning by; making a wild pitch
when two were out and Clark on third base.
Plttsburg got value for her few hits, and the
Clncinnatis' errors let in two runs. Attendance
4100. j Score:
Clubs— ! R. ' H. - E.
Pltteburg • * - 2
Cincinnati • 6 10 s
Batteries— Tannohlll and Zlmmer; Phillips
and Kahoe. Umpire— Snyder.
NEW YORK, Aue. 25.— The Phlladelphlaa
broke even on the present series with the New
Yorks by -winning again to-day. The New
Yorks played a miserable fielding game and
almost all of their error* were costly. Attend
ance 3500. Score:
Clubs— : ?" 1"
Philadelphia 2 ° %
New York » 9 "
Batteries— Donahue and McFarland; Mercer
and Bowerman. Umpire^- 0 ' Da y-
ST. LOUIS, Au». 25.— Young and Garvln
fought It out to-day. Young was victorious.
Errors at critical, stages handicapped Garvln.
Attendance 3000. Score:
1 Clubs- - *- H. E.
St. Louis. — • » * I
Chicago •••• ° 3 2
. Batteries— Young and -Crigrer; Garvln and
Chance. Umpire— Warner. : >
Clubs- *• »• E ;
Boston 8 9 0
Brooklyn • ° *.'>.*
Batteries— "Willis and Clark; McGtnnlty and
Farrell. Umpire— Hurst.
1 BOSTON, Aue. 25.— "Willis was In fine fettle
to-day, allowing the Brooklyn but four hits
and striking out four men. Boston batted Mc-
Ginnity hard In the first part of the game.
Attendance 6500. Score:
Clubs— W. Xt. Pet.' Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....M 37 .610 Chicago .....48 60 .489
Plttsburg- ...55 47 .633 Cincinnati ...47 63 .470
Fhlladelphla.50 48 .510 St. Louis 45 51 .469
Boston.. 49 49 .500 New York.... 39 58 .402
BOSTON MOVES TJP.
Wins From Brooklyn and Changes
Its Place in the List.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for-Doyle 1. Iburg 1 Three
base hit-Stanley. Two-baso hits— Stanley,
Dcyle. Iburs. Sacrifice hit— Pabst. First bas«
on errors— Sacramento 4. San Francisco 3. First,
base on called balls—Off Doyle 3, off Iburg 4.
Left on bases— Sacramento 9, San Francisco 8.
tftruck out-By Doyle 6. by Iburp 1. Time of
game— 1:55. Umpire-O'Connell. Official Scorer
—I. C. Nathan.
Sacramento 0 0 6 0 1 0 0 2 0-9
Base hits 0 0 4 0 1 1 0 2 2-10
San Francisco 0 0 1 0 0 < 0 J-6
Base hits .....1 12 10 12 10-9
Totals 36 5 9 3 27 16 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. cf 5 13 10 0 0
Hlldebrand. rf 5 1 1 0 1 0 0
Schwartz. 2b. ...... 4 0 1 0 13 0
Pabst. lb 4 0-1 1 14 0 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 0, 0 6 0 0
Levy. If 3 0 1 0 1 1 0
KruK, a. b 4 0 1 0 1 6 2
Kcllly. 3b 3 10 13 3 2
Iburg. p 4 2 10 0 3 0
Totals 41 9 10 2 27 14 8
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaiiKhlln. If 5 1 1 0 8 0 0
Dovereaux, 3b 5 1 10 1 1 0
Eagan, s. s 4 0 0 0 0 7 1
Huphcs, cf i. 4 10 0 10 0
Hanlon, lb 4 2 118 0 1
Stanley, o 6 1 2 0 8 1 0
Doyle, p 5 0 2 0 0 10
Pitt, rf 5 12 0 10 0
Stulz. 2b 4 2 115 4 1
SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 25.-San Fran
cisco lost to the leaders this afternoon.
In the third Inning the Sacramento's
bunched four hits and netted six runs by
the aid of errors by Krug and Reilly.
Score:
San Franciscos Lose.
Two-base hits — Prancks. Courtney 2. Sacri
fice hits— LantffT, Babbitt. First base on errors
—Stockton 4. First base on called balls—Stock
ton 4, Oakland 1. Left on bases— Stockton 5,
Oakland 5. Struck out — I3y Whalen 3. by Bor
chers 7. Hit by pitcher — McCarthy. Double
play — Borchers to Mangerlna to Lanse to Ar
rellarws. Time of game— 1 hour and 45 minutes.
Umpire— Donohue. Official scorer— J. \V. Sta
pleton.
SUMMARY.
AB. It. Jill. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Lanse, v 3b 3 0 0 0 2 6 1
Hutchlnson. lb 4 0 0 0 8 0 1
Francks, ss 4 0 2 0 2 2 0
Arrellanee, 2b 4 0 0 0 2 3 1
Rlanperlna, c... 4 0 10 7 3 1
Uorche-rs, p 4 0 0 0 0 3 1
Held. r. f 3 0 10 4 0 0)
Bowman, I. f 3 0 2 0 1* 0 0
Totals 32 0 6 0 27 18 S
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 2 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 1—6
Base hits 1 10 10 10 1 1—6
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0 0 112 10 0 1-6
Totals 33 6 6 11 27 11 1
OAKLAND.
AC. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 1. f 3 1 0 1 2 0 0
McGucken, c. f 5 1 2 2 4 0 0
Eager, c 5 0 0 0 4 0 1
Ptrelh. lb 4 1 1 1 12 0 0
Kabbltt, ss 2 1 0 • 2 12 0
Moore. 3b 4 0 10 0 5 0
Courtney, ib 3 1 2 2 1 2 0
Pyno. r. f 4 0 0 12 0 0
Whalen, p 3 10 2 12 0
Stockton 6, Oakland 0.
For nine innings the Dudes did what
they could yesterday afternoon at Recrea
tion Park to send a man over the rubber,
but their efforts wi-re unavailing. Occa
sionally one of the unexcelled trailers
would reach the third station only to end
his efforts in sight of home. Even these
chances at scoring were few.
Jimmy AVhalen, disturber of the dia
mond peace and chief gyrator of the mill,
was in good form, and whenever the
Dudes showed on their faces hungry looks
for rubber ho let loose his curving right
and the Ewing men forthwith perished.
"Chief" Borchers, who. occupied the sla.b
for Oakland, held Stockton to six hits,
but a few of them were helped along by
unclean work of the Dude fielders. Ihere
never was a single moment when the
Dudes were in it. Stockton's backstop,
Kager, introduced to the league by Sac
ramento on an off Sunday, was back of
the slab for the Millers. He "behaved be
comingly.
In the first spasm the Millers shot a
couple of their own over the plate. Mc-
Carthy and McGuckoii held the lucky
tickets and they cashed in by some dis
qualifying work of Bowman at left and
some general fringy playing of Oakland's
infieldcrs. «
The sixth, gave Stockton three tallies,
Streib. Babbitt and Courtney doing the
rounding plato act in this inning. Man
gerina bv some poor work at the plate
made the runs possible. The uncertain
and "basement" throwing of the Oakland
infield to "Old Man Hutch" on lirst helped
Stockton's game along. In the ninth
Whalen added the sixth run to the Stock
ton list. The score:
STOCKTON.
Wlialeii Twirls for the Millers and
the Tail-Enders Find His
Curves Too Hard to
Unwind.
Borchers Pitches Good Ball,
but Luck Is Not With
the Dudes.
OAKLAND FAILS
TO SEND A MAN
OVER THE PLATE
William C. Whitney's Colt, Ridden by Tod Sloan,
Wins by a Length and a Half at
Sheepshead Bay.
RICH FUTURITY STAKE IS
TAKEN BY BALLYHOO BEY
Cleverly Defeats Miss Alice C. Hoffman in the Final
of the All-Comers' Match at San Rafael and Be
comes Possessor of the Handsome Trophy.
MISS MIRIAM HALL WINS THE
LADIES' CHAMPIONSHIP SINGLES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY/ AUGUST 26, 1900
32
¦vrurrcER.
Jockey. j
Value.
TVt.
Tim».
nott
ten
i
i
hpv "*".* . " ..
\ ;
. . . | Barnes
... Pay ..
... T. Hai
... J. Met
...I\V Ha
...IF.'Tarr
...!H. Gril
...IH. Ori
...iTubPrv
...'Hawse
... H. Lew
... II. Spe
... Floan .
!
milton
I.nuchlln
lyward
•al
ffin
iffln
.ilia
'n
vis
encer
M.650
G7.6T5
f.l.flTS
te.soo
49 sr.0
4S.T1O
W.I 50
44.290
34. 2W)
37.180
42,0<M
112
109
115
ISO
US
130
112
115
115
115
US
114
112
1:15 1-6
1:16 4-6
1:14 1-5
1:15 1-5
1:12 1-5
1:13 4-5
1:11
1:11 2-5
1:10
1:11
1:12 3-5
1:10 2-5
1:10
II II
Event Nc
Dellcac;
o. S.
y.
NAME.
ill! ? »
: o S" »•
5{
: 3
Battu
Brotherton
Everett
Muller
Brooks ••
Edwards
Heller
Watt •-•
Skinner
97 90 . 93 70.10
114 94. S 90.4 77.6
117 91 90.8 84.2
102 88.8 90 85.10
96 86.4 87.4 72.6
86 90.S 91.4 77.6
79.8 83.4 73.4
88 70.8
72 90 $7.4 75.10
81.11
83.11
87.5
87.11
79.11
84.5
79.4
'86*.7*
II II
Event Nc
Dellcac;
o. S.
y.
NAME.
ill! ? »
: o S" »•
5{
: 3
Battu
Brotherton
Everett
Muller
Brooks ••
Edwards
Heller
Watt •-•
Skinner
97 90 . 93 70.10
114 94. S 90.4 77.6
117 91 90.8 84.2
102 88.8 90 85.10
96 86.4 87.4 72.6
86 90.S 91.4 77.6
79.8 83.4 73.4
88 70.8
72 90 $7.4 75.10
81.11
83.11
87.5
87.11
79.11
84.5
79.4
'86*.7*
¦vrurrcER.
Jockey. j
Value.
TVt.
Tim».
nott
ten
i
i
hpv "*".* . " ..
\ ;
. . . | Barnes
... Pay ..
... T. Hai
... J. Met
...I\V Ha
...IF.'Tarr
...!H. Gril
...IH. Ori
...iTubPrv
...'Hawse
... H. Lew
... II. Spe
... Floan .
!
milton
I.nuchlln
lyward
•al
ffin
iffln
.ilia
'n
vis
encer
M.650
G7.6T5
f.l.flTS
te.soo
49 sr.0
4S.T1O
W.I 50
44.290
34. 2W)
37.180
42,0<M
112
109
115
ISO
US
130
112
115
115
115
US
114
112
1:15 1-6
1:16 4-6
1:14 1-5
1:15 1-5
1:12 1-5
1:13 4-5
1:11
1:11 2-5
1:10
1:11
1:12 3-5
1:10 2-5
1:10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent toy Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of amort remark-
«hi« remedy are being mailed to ail who
wUl write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had ba?.w
Ued for years agajnst the mental ar.^
n*v«\eal suffering of lost manhood that
?h£ Institute his decided to distribute
ffee trial Packages to all who write. It
S a home treatment, and all men who
Luff er from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
foss of strength and memory, weak back,
vnrlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. .
The remedy has a peculiarly erateful
pffect of warmth and seems to act direct
fn the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it Is needed,
it curea all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
«uccess in all cases. A request to tha
s"atl Medical Institute. 323 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne Ind.. stating that
vou desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
irreat class of men who are unable ' to
leave home to be treated, ana the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
it Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear ot
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
LAPP'S GUN STORE/
fSv^Ji'*^ 421 Kearny street. 8. F far
Sf»*^ Fishing Tackle . and Sponlng
Goods. The largest »toct on
th« Paciflo Coast of every description. Sod I
cents In postage stamps for the latest 9Os«xb
Illustrated. catalogue. No. 4, •»*»••Republican Primary Election in Alameda County Productive of
Some Bi^ Surprises — Senator George C. Perkins Takes a
Hand in the Contest.
LUKENS WINS OUT AGAINST THE
BIG WASTE-DODGE COMBINATION
Falls Down Stairs.
OAKLAND. Aug. 2.1.— Mr3. W. H. Jack
son, who resides at 217 Ninth street, was
stricken with paralysis to-day while on a
flight of stairs ana fell ten feet. She
struck on her head, sustaining a shock
which it is feared will result seriously.
In an effort to get out of the predica
ment, for that Is what the situation is
to the board, the School Directors ad
vanced the proposition that a special
union high school tax could be levied
upon the property-owners. This would
mean that in the event of the City Coun
cil refusing to allow the $25,000 in the
tax levy, the board might have escaped
from its dilemma by the special tax levy
route. But City Attorney Dow has said
that such a move Is purely illegal. Re
sponding to the school board's request
for an opinion, he declares that as the
Oakland High School is organized under
the charter it must be maintained under
the charter and cannot be supported in
any other way. This opinion applies par
ticularly to the Oakland High School,
but it affects the others as well, because
it absolutely prevents any special levy
for the schools, while the board Is again
faced with the necessity of asking the
City Council for the money needed to op
erate the second school which has been
created.
But the action of the board has be
come a serious matter, for Oakland's
finances are in such bad shape that
$25,000 unnecessarily saddled on the city
is a big item.
The School Directors have demanded
this $25,000 from the city. Heretofore
Oakland has not been compelled directly
to support the Central School because It
was listed as a grammar school and as
such v/as supported by the State appor
tionment of school funds. But the State
does not support high schools. As soon
as the change was made County Superin
tendent of Schools Crawford notified tho
city board that it could not longer draw
upon the State fund for the school.
Having created a new High School for
Oakland by changing the name of the
Central School without in the slightest
manner enlarging its scope of work, the
Board of Education is now groping about
In an attempt to rid itself of the direct
burden of $25,000 more expense which
many members of the City Council be
lieve was unnecessarily Imposed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Aug. 25.
Efforts to Straighten Out the Tangle
Over the Central School Is De
feated by City Attorney's
Opinion.
Board of Education Is Ad
§ vised That It Cannot Tax
on That Line.
SPECIAL LEVY
HOT LEGAL FOR
A HIGH SCHOOL
Charles W. Stilweli Is Sued for the
Recovery of Heirlooms Valued
at Fifteen Hundred
Dollars. -
»
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Auc. 25-
A fight is on over valuable jewelry left
by the late Mrs. MarU E. Travers. Dia
monds valued at 51300 are being sought by
Dr. Harvey P. Travers, son of decedent,
and administrator of her estate. He
claims that the present holder ot th.
gema,. Charles W. Stilwell. secured them
from Ira M. Wentworth, who was hold
ing them in trust. The suit filed to-day
by Dr. Travers asks for the return of tho
jewels and $500 damages.
The complainant tells the story of how
his mother's heirloom? came into Stil
well's possession as fellows:
"Mrs. Helen M. Wentworth. wife of Tra
M. Wentworth, and my mother were
friends of many years' standing. Some
time before my mother died, she gave to
Mrs. Wentworth a i^air of soiitaire dia
mond earrings and a brooch with a cluster
of diamonds. She instructed Mrs. Went
worth to hold them in trust for me until
I married, when she was to give me :h*
Jewelry.
"About two months asra, Mrs. Went~
worth died and her husband to.>k charct)
of her property. Among her effects worj
the diamonds held in trust for me. I mail's
a demand for them, but was refused.
Later Wentworth told me flatly that iij
had sold the gems to Charles \V. Stilweli.
If he did so. he acted beyond his righr.
as the diamonds never belonged to nia
wife.
"Demands have also been made on Stil
weli, but he. too, says the valuables were
sold to him."
In his complaint filed by Attorneys Re«vl
and Nusbaumer and Percy Black. Dr.
Travers declares that Stilweli wrongfully
came into possession and still retains and
claims to be the owner of the jewels.
Travers says he will have no difficulty in
proving that the late Mrs. Wentworth
held the diamonds simply as his trustee.
Diamonds Alleged to Hive
Been Held in Trust
Are Sold.
TRAVERS WILL
FIGHT FOR HIS
MOTHER'S GEMS
The conveyance is suV.Ject to a mortgage
given by John Rook of the nursery com
pany to H. C. Morris for $45,000.
©AKI>A>rD, Aug. 25.— A deed -was re
jBorded to-day by which W. J. Landers
ar.d wife convey to the California Xurgery
•Company 4C. 28 acres of land near Nil<-?.
The consicif-ration named is nominal, but
from the revenue stamps attached to the
document it is figured that about 533,000
changed hands.
BIG TRANSFER MADE
OF N!LES REAL ESTATE
he met the Congressman he felt that his
fight was lost and that Lukens had won.
He also had in his possession a circular
which declared that United States Sen
ator Perkins, Congressman Metcalf and
State Senator Stratton were for Mr.
Lukens.
Judge Nusbaumer drove up to the Fifth
Ward polling place and there met the
Congressman.
"It looks like Lukens In the Seventh
Ward," said Judge Nusbaumer, "and there
Is no reason why it should not be with
Perkins, Metcalf and Stratton for him."
Then the manager drove away. There
could be very little mistake about the sup
port of these three for Lukens, for the
Lukens men placarded the entire Senato
rial district with cards to this effect and
announced it in circulars. The
battle ground was known to be the
Seventh Ward. It was acknowl
edged that Waste would carry
Berkeley, and carry It he did with a
vengeance, his majority being one less
than 500. It was also acknowledged that
Lukens would carry the Fiftieth Assembly
District, and no light was made in that
section by the Waste-Dodge combination,
for if the Fifty-first District was carried
the smaller district was of utterly no use.
Lukens was also acknowledged to have
the Fifth Ward, so that the fight centered
in the Seventh Ward. When Dodge failed
to carry the Seventh Ward, even though
Waste cai-rled Berkeley by overwhelming
figures, the fate of the combination was
evident.
Lukens Was Handicapped.
Lukens was given the short end of all
the arrangements and he had to win out
in opposition to the apportionment, and he
did so by securing influence that was
most potent. He was forced to make a
nght where he was the weakest, but the
stepping in of the Senatorial fight of two
years hence overcame that weakness.
Then he had a combination of two nv_Mi
against him. the apportionment of the dis
trict being such that the unique combina
tion that was made between Waste and
Dodge was possible. They could and did
arrange it so that a vote for one was a
vote for the other and a vote against
Lukens. and that it was impossible for
Lukens to win on a plurality vote— a clear
majority was necessary.
The extreme popularity of "Waste In
Berkeley came near making this combi
nation effective. W. H. Waste is a young
man and a resident of the college town
and he received the support of almost the
entire university vote, both professors
and students. Out of 890 votes cast Waste
received 6S6, Lukens 200 and Dodge 13. or
a majority of 4SG votes for Waste alono
and 499 for the Waste-Dodge combination.
So Lukens went into the Seventh Ward
and his home ward, the Fifth, and he won
out. It was there that the Senatorial in
fluence was felt the most. But had the
ticket been a blanket ticket Lukens would
have carried the district without a ques
tion, for the Fifth District went as
overwhelmingly his way as Berkeley did
for Waste.
Last night "Billy" Hamilton left the
custom-house and made hi? appearance in
Oakland, and he came over on the Stale
Senatorial fight. "Smiling Billy" Hamil
ton once lived in Oakland, but that was
long ago\ before he got to making United
States Senators, and he is seldom feen in
his o!<3 haunts unless there Is a Legisla
ture to be elected. He cares nothing for
thr- AFsombly fights, for they have but one
session to serve, but when it came to
a hold-over Senator then Mr. Hamilton
made his appearance and the word went
down the line that Lukens was to be sup
ported.
Admits Lukens' Victory.
This was the essence of a meeting- be
tween Congressman Victor H. Metcalf
and Emil NuFbaumer in the Fifth Ward
during the balloting this afternoon. Emil
Nusbaumer was Congressman Metcalf'a
warm supporter, his active manager and
campaigner and is his personal represen
tative on the new Congressional Commit
tee. Emil Nusbaumer has been for Waste
or Dodge as against Lukens. and when
Within the last day or two It became
evident that this fight would hinge upon
the question of the next United States
Senator, and Perkins took a most active
hand in the fight for Lukens. There were
many elements opposed to Lukens, ¦who
/became passive or friendly under the
warming influence of the United States
Senator.
The fight for State Senator possessed
one element which will have a gTeat ef
fect in the future. It means that United
States Senator Georpe C. Perkins is out
to capture the Legislature of two years
from now, and that he has be^uri by mak
ing sure of the vote of the one Senatoi
from this county who will hold over Into
the Legislature that will vote upon his
next candidacy.
are a little uncertain owing to the
many different kinds of tickets to bo
counted In some precincts, but they will
not change the result. Owing to tho
separation of the different conventions
there can be no question as to the result
and no trading is possible that will in
any way effect the final outcome.
OAKLAJCD, Aug. 25.— This Is the net
result of the Republican primary
held In Oakland to-day. The figures
For State Senator — Q. Russell
Lukens.
For Supervisors — First District, C.
F. Horner; Fourth District, H. D.
Rowe; Fifth District, John Mitchell.
For Superior Judges — F. B. Ogden
and John Ellsworth-
? —
t . MVERFITT OF CALIFORNIA.
/ S BEKKi:i-EY. Aug. r^.— The work of
( j m • :::s Hearst Holl to Hillegas
Tract, part of which v.-as recently
purchased by Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst
tor tht- State University; id now under
v. ay. The new «=fte for ihe building is on
Qoiiece Hveri':*>. facfnjr *ast, between Syl
\ :a\ way and Bancroft, way. Owing to the
Blze of Hearst Hall it will be moved in
live sections. When on its new founda
tions the building will be fitted up a3 a
pirl.-' gymnasium and become a part of
the university property.
Goy VT. Eddy, G. W. Parsons and L. D.
Jly<i>~. thr^e students cf the University
cf California, who, together with H. T. A.
Uus. "97. have spent the past two months
In Del None and Humboldt counties in
the forestry service of the United States,
have returned to Berkeley. Their time
via? devoted to the Investigation of the
e.gf and distribution of the reciwoo*is, and
to the coUf-ction of facts throwing: licjit
upon their !::> history. The forestry o.1i
c:ais have expressed great satisfaction at
the quality of th<? work done by the uni
versity boys. The university has b<?en
ssk^d to find three students who are will
ing to do Forestry work for the United
Btat^s in the Sa.n Bernardino mountains
¦from now until Xovember 1. at a salary
cf SJ5 a month with all expenses paid.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
O«yiin<1 Offlco San Francisco Call,
2318 Broadway, Aug. 2.
The first! step* in what appears to be a
esoveaaat to unit* ail Southern Paciflo
Company employes not affiliated with
tone one of tt« numerous railroad broth
erhoods or other organizations have been
tafcfrn by tn« Order of Railway Telegraph
ers. This la one direct result of the battle
Sutde fteveral monthB ago by ihe 25,*W em
ployes of tha system against the attempt
oi the oocijMLDjr to force a mutual lnsur
lanc© scheme upon them.
[ At tnat time the Order of Telegraphers
frecornized that there was a large force of
Kaplbyes not organized and directly con-
Cected by nature of employment with the
ilOgraphera. These men are. the- traln-
Bnea, linemen, repair-men and all others
foonnected with the block system and kin-
Cx*d signaling departments,
f These employee are directly in touch
with tn© train disDatchers' department,
land tt U to rive them an opportunity to
>Lfnlla.te that the constitution of the tele
gfrax>hera' order has been amended to ad
|XJt them to membership,
i Tber« a no other organization of rall
potd man In which the block system m^n
Can b« eligible to membership. They can
bot afillAte with engineers, conductors or
firemen. These have their Independent
brotherhoods. Brakemen and switchmen
kre also organized and admit no employes
tn any other department. The block sys
tem men were therefore deprived of a
Chance to affiliate unless the telegraphers
pJsould take them into their fold.
L That has now been accomplished, end
tfho block eystem men are taking advan~
lte*« ot the situation rapidly. At the last
pneeting of the telegraphers nine applica-
Itlons for membership under the new
clause were liled. while many more are
fbeir.g prepared. The men are making a
quiet canvass upon the proposition, with
the result that they predict that all of the
bl-ick pjTBten men in the Southern Pacific
employ will shortiy be united with the
telegrapher*.
Those interested say that the new move
»il! prove of mutual advantage, strength-
I <:.i;.:r th<? orn'er and pivir.T the new mem-
I bera the backing of «;r.«> of the o!d<jst rail
ray men's organizations in the country.
Membership Offered All Who Are in
Any Manner Connected With.
tho Train Dispatchers'
Department.
Telegraphers Open the Way
for Affiliation of Many
Employes.
RAILROAD MEN
TO BE GIVEN
ORGANIZATION
and he carried Claremont by a vote of
28 to 8.
The vote In Mitchell's Supervisorial dis
trict complete is as follows:
Fifth Supervisorial DUtrlct: Precincts 10, 11.
Third Ward— Mitchell, 87; Pierce. 77.
Precincts 7, 8. 9, Second Ward— Mitchell. J1J;
Pierce, 111.
Precincts 3, 4. 5, 6, Second 'Ward— Mitchell,
283; Pierce, 150.
Temescal 7, 8— Mitchell. 169; Pierce, 41.
Peralta— Mitchell. 63: Pierce. 45.
lotals— Mitchell. 915; Pierce. 424. Mitchell's
majority, 691.
Late figures In the Fourth Supervisorial
District do not change the result, but give
H. D. Rowe a majority of K) in the entire
district. Tho fight in the First District
was confined to Washington Township,
and in this Horner secured 541 votes to 223
for Cash, carrying every district except
Decoto. Murray Township will be for
Horner and his nomination will be unani
mous.
Arrests for Illegal Voting.
The great battle grounds of the county
were the Seventh Ward and East Berke
ley. In these places the fight waged fast
and furious, and the element that usually
finds its employment in the Sixth, Fourth
and First Wards drifted over into the
aristocratic Fifth and Seventh Wards.
There were men in those wards who had
never been there before, and some of them
got into trouble over that fact.
In the Seventh Ward there were five
arrests for Illegal voting, but owing to the
fact that there is no election law under
which they could be prosecuted they were
charged with disturbing the peace.
The famous "Colonel" Cudany of West
Oakland got out of his territory and met
arrest in the Seventh Ward. He tried to
vote at the Thirteenth-avenue Precinct
and was arrested by Policemen Pardee,
Jacobus and Parsons. It took $100 ball,
furnished by some of his friends, to get
him out of his trouble. "Colonel" Cudahy
Is one of the characters of Oakland. He
blossoms at every election and at every
session of the Legislature, and after each
event he goes into retirement, only to re
appear when the next event comes around.
But the "colonel" met his Waterloo in
East Oakland.
Eddie Troy, who was secretary of the
Dalton Young Men's Republican Club,
also got into trouble in East Oakland.
Troy tried to vote first at the Clinton Pre
cinct In East Oakland and then at Thir
teenth avenue, and was arrested at the
latter place. He was with a man who
tried to vote the name of Police Captain
W. J. Peterson, who is away on his vaca
tion. The man escaped after trying to put
a handful of votes Into the box, but Troy
was arrested.
J. C. Jones and John Gray were arrested
In East Oakland and S. C. Pope at the
polling place at Fourteenth and Webster
streets.
Next to the Senatorial fight the great
contest was that between John Mitchell
and F. E. Pierce for Supervisor in the
Second Ward. The two voting precincts
on San Pablo avenue were scenes of great
activity.
The most remarkable ticket was that for
delegates to the State convention at Santa
Cruz. In some districts tickets were not
even put up, and a list of names approved
by the county committee will be sent. The
majority of Lukens in the Fifty-first Sen
atorial District is figured at 2S6. Lukens
secured 731 votes in the Seventh Ward, as
agalnsi 67 for Waste and 304 for Dodge,
which gave him a majority of 360 over the
combination. Lukens then carried his
home precinct by a vote of 250 against 36
for the combination. Lukens also carried
Temescal by a vote of 149 against 79 for
Waste and Dodge. On the other hand,
Waste received 686 votes in Berkeley
against 200 for Lukens and 13 for* Dodge,
The fight in the Fifth District was nar
rowed down to John Mitchell and
F. E. Pierce. They agreed to fight It out
in the Second Ward, and Mitchell won by
a good majority, though after a decided
fight. An effort was made to unseat Guy
C. Earl in his support of Mitchell, but
Mitchell carried the district by a vote of
two to one, and in one district of three
to one.
There was no opposition to Judges John
Ellsv/orth and F. B. Ogden, and they will
be unanimously nominated. Tho voting
of tickets for this fight was a mere for
mality.
Delegates to SJtate Convention.
Mitchell Defeats Pierce.
H. D. Rowe carried the Fourth District
as against Charles Roeth, getting nine
teen delegates as against eight for Roeth,
but on a minority vote Roeth had suffi
cient power to have the district cut up
into small precincts, the largest of which
had seven delegates and the smallest of
which one. Rowe carried the six delegates
apportioned to Thirteenth avenue and
Twenty-third avenue: the six apportioned
to Clinton and the Fifth Ward and the
seven apportioned to Berkeley, while
Roeth captured seven in the Third Ward
and one in the Fifth Ward, yet his total
in this district was about 200 more than
that of Rowe.
The Supervisorial contests were all of
great local interest, for it was a struggle
to control the Board of Supervisors.
The First District, in the lower part of
the county, did not have much of a con
test. C. S. Archibald,' who Is Postmaster
of Centerville, decided that a certainty
of selling postage stamps was better than
an uncertainty on the Board of Super
visors, and he withdrew. That left the
fight between C. F. Horner of Centerville
and George Cash of Irvington. Hornfr
won with little trouble and will be the
nominee. He will have to contest the
election with Thomas D. Wells of Dub
lin, who will be the Democratic nominee.
Homer for Supervisor.
The Lukens managers were wildly en
thusiastic to-night. There was an im
promptu banquet at a local restaurant
and a band of music was Becured to sere
nade the successful candidate.
So United States Senator Perkins starts
out with one vote from his home county
for two years from now.
A FEW OF THE LEADING FIGURES IN THE PRIMARY ELECTION.
TALK WITH MOTHERS
ON CHILD STUDY
, ~
ALAMEDA. Aug. 23.— Fifty mothers lis
tened to talks on. child study under the
auspices of the Home and Child Study As
sociation of California this afternoon In
the parlors of the L'rcitarian church. Mrs.
E. G. Greene, president of the Child Study
Association, was the principal speaker of
the afternoon. Mrs. Greene argued that
there should be co-operation of parents
with teachers in the education of the chiltl
in the public school. The home, she as
serted, was of great aid In matters of
enterprises connected with the advance
ment of the school.
The other speakers were Mrs. II. A.
Harland. president of the San Francisco
Child Study Club; Miss Grace Barnard.
superintendent of the Federation of Oak
land Kindergartens; Mrs. M. L. O'Neal
and Miss Sarah Gordon of the School
Mothers' Club of San Francisco: Charles
C. Hughes, Superintendent of Schools r.t
Alameda. and A. H. Suzzalo, principal ot
the Longfellow School.
Selections were rendered by the Hughes
Club quartet of Oakland.
OAKLAND. Aug. 25.-LJewellyn Hughes,
the talented young violinist of thi3 city,
will give a farewell concert Friday even
ing, September 14. at. the First Unitarian
Church. He will be assisted by Miss Anna
Miller "Wood, contralto; the Arion Quar
tet of San Francisco, the Hughes Ladies*
Club and Mrs. Margaret Cameron Smith,
accompanist. Hughes will spend some
time in study abroad.
• • • .
Miss Mabel Vance, youngest daughter
of James Vance, became the bride thla
evening of Charles "W. Carter, a promi
nent young business man of San Fran
cisco. Only the most intimate friends
and relatives of the bride and groom were
present at the ceremony. The decorations
were very dainty and artistic, ropes of
smllax and pink and white ribbons being
festooned from the chandeliers to the
OAKLAND, Aug. 25.— The reception
given this afternoon by the Ebell
Club to the curators of the different
departments and their Invited
guests was one of the most enjoya
ble social functions of the ¦week. The
clubrooms were prettily decorated, and
after a short programme of music and
recitations dainty refreshments were
served. Mrs. K. A. Potter was chairman
of the afternoon. Miss Ida F. Fox. vio
linist, rendered Walter's "Prize Song,"
from the "Meistersingers." Horatio Cogs
well's beautiful barytone was heard in
two numbers, "Patria," by Mattel, and
an aria from "Faust." Miss Maude
Lyons recited a humorous poem, entitled
"Sally Ann's Experience." Mrs. Prentiss
Selby and Mrs. J. T. Eastland presided
at the tea table. The ladles who assisted
in receiving and entertaining the club's
guests are: Mrs. K. A. Bulkley, Mrs. M.
C. Chapman, Mrs. Otto Blankart, Mrs. J.
A. Johnson, Mrs. E. C. Sessions, Mrs. J.
H. JMcClymonds, Mrs. Burchard, Mrs. J.
R. Scupham, Mrs. E. Allardt. Mrs. W. H.
Friend, Miss Maria Babson, Mrs. S. W.
Chubbock, Madame Lefevre, Mrs. C. C.
Judson. Mrs. H. B. Smith, Mrs. Booth.
Mrs. Dick, Dr. Harriet Van Kirk. Mrs. R.
P. Gleason, Mrs. C. TV. Kinsey, Mrs. F.
TV. Welle, Mrs. Franklin Bangs, Mrs. D.
B. Hunter, Mrs. TV. H. Graves, Mrs. Wal
ter Matthews, Mrs. J. T. Dille, Mrs. A. A.
Clow, Mrs. J. A. Johnson, Mrs. J. L.
Crittenden, Mrs. C. T. Rodolph, Mrs. C.
TV. Armes, Mrs. D. T. Gelwicks. Mrs.
Emily Vrooman, Mrs. J. H. Todd, Mrs.
A. J. Rosborough. Mrs. M. F. Benton,
Mrs. J. G. Lemmon, Mrs. TV. A. Childa,
Misses Mabel Gray, Anita Whitney and
M. L. Benton. Mrs. Selby and Mrs. East
land were assisted by a number of young
ladies, among them being Misses Evelyn
Craig, Jessie Tuttle, Adeline Blood. Miss
Gillette, the Misses Kelly, Amy Jones,
Alma Brown. Florence Stone, Mrs.
Alfred Eastland. Mrs. Milton Bulk
ley, Mrs. Wickham Havens and
Mrs. Edward Ames. Others pres
ent were: Mrs. Paul Lohse, Mrs.
George B. M. Gray, Miss Kathleen Booth.
Mrs. F. A. Webster, Mrs. A. C. "Wilder,
Mrs. Mclntyre of Los Angeles, Mrs.' Seth
Clisby. Mrs. T. H. Gayts. .Mrs. Beiden
bach, Miss Mary Wythe, Miss Lucy Simp
son, Mrs. George Shaw, Mra. J. S. Ad
ams, Mrs. William Low, Mrs. T. C. Coo
gan, Mrs. Judge Snook, Miss Annie C.
Weeks of Sacramento. Mrs. Georpe
Percy, Mrs. George de Golla, Mrs. J. M.
McClure, Mrs. W. F. Herrlck, Mrs. E. H.
Benjamin, Mrs. Blake Alverson, Mrs. W.
H. Quinn, Mrs. Z. T. Gilpin, Mrs. Bart
lett of Los Angeles, Mrs. Sam Breck and
Mrs. and Miss Yorker.
sides of the room. The general effect was
in pink and green. The bride was charm
ing in a white gown of organdie, lace and
ribbons. She carried a shower bouquet
of roses and natural orange blossom.-*
adorned her hair. The bridesmaid Miss
Effle Vance, was attired in white organ
die over pink silk and carried pink rosos.
Otto Berecr was best man. Miss Flo
rence Ewing rendered Mendelsshon's
wedding march during the ceremonv,
which was performed by Rev. George B
Hacht of the First Congregational
Church of Berkeley. Sir. and Mrs Car
ter will spend their honeymoon in Monte
rey and Santa Cruz, and on their return
will reside at 76 Eleventh street, in this
city.
• • •
Miss Ruth Houghton entertained a
number of her girl friends at a hearts
party this afternoon at her home on Har
rison street in honor of Miss Katherine
Brown, the daughter of Mrs. Frank L.
Brown. The Browns leave next Tuesday
for the East. Miss Houghton's guests In
cluded Katherine Brown. Antta Thomson
Ruth and Rose Kales. Xoelle de Golia
Clarisse Lohse. Kitty Krutz. Clara Laws
Viva Best, Helen Dornin, Patty Chicker
ing. Bessie Coghill. Elsie Schilling, Isabel
Kendall. Lettie Barry. Edith Holt. Lita
Schlesslnger, Sevilla Hayden and Mollie
Mathes. •
Irrigation in Nebraska, at a cost of Jl
an acre, has spread prosperity all over the
State, no longer linked with conditions so
precarious as that of the season's rain-
After which explanation the ladies
evinced a sincere and enthusiastic Interest
In the i shining heaps which they had
ignored.— Golden Penny Magazine.
; "These are some of the choicest black
and white diamonds from my own mlnea
at Barscbaland, and the handful you now
hold is worth at least £15,000," replied her
royal brother. Then he smilingly added:
"Now. as you have been handling -my
diamonds, you must go into my. 'searching
room,' according to the rule which gov
erns all who enter my mines or stores."
Few folks are aware that the German
Emperor is the owner of some profitable
diamond mines In German . Southwest
Africa. Here is an interesting incident
anent the splendid black and white gems
which have recently been brought from
those mines. The first parcel of precious
stones reached the Kaiser last- autumn
and he turned the choice contents of it
out on his library table. Then he sent
a message to his lady relatives, whom he
invited to come and see a "little surprise"
he had in store for them, but without
giving them any hint as to Its character.
The ladies arrived, gazed at the miniature
mounds of costly gems, turned them over
carelessly a few times and appeared
somewhat surprised."
"Why have you sent for us to" look at
such trifles as these?" asked one of the
sisters,' evidently ignorant as to the
Intrinsic value of the "trifles" she toyed
with.
Royal Dealer in Diamonds.
years of age, of Cotatl, and Nora Mur
ray, 28 years, of Oakland; Charles Ho
mer Boone, 31, and Pet Baldwin, 23. both
of San Leandro; Olln Benjean Comfort,
21, of Alameda, and Adda Elizabeth Hor
ton, 19. of Hay wards; John Robert Nu
gent, 28, and Mary Ellen Killen, 24, both
of- San Francisco; Henry "William Mc-
Kaye, 28, San Francisco, and Lena: Nei
man, 27, of Eureka.
ALAMEDA, Autr. 25.— There being no
opposition to the two tickets, but 184 votes
were polled to-day at the Republican pri
mary election of delegates to the -Judicial
rnnventlon, before which John Ellsworth
aid F B. Ogden will be candidates. At
Light Vote Polled.
OAKLAND, Aug. 25.— "The Two Or
phans" will be presented at the Dewey
Theater next week with an enlarged cast
and much scenic elaboration. •¦
Joaquin Miller's mining drama "49,"
with Maud Miller, the author's daughter,
in a leading role, will be the Macdon
ough Theater attraction for next week-
BILLS FOR THE COMING
WEEK AT THE THEATERS
According to the complainant, Barnes
was formerly In the employ of the insur
ance company, but some time ago severed
his connection. Since that time, it is al
leged, he has busied himself writing bogus
policies on life insurance and pocketing
the premiums.
The officers of the Insurance company
are said to have been attempting to ap
prehend the offender for some time. An
effort will be made to determine the ex
tent of the alleged forger's swindling
operations.
OAKLAND. Aug. 25.— J. S. Barnes, a so
licitor, was arrested to-night by Chief of
Police Hodgkins and Detective Holland on
a charge of forgery, preferred by John
Gray of the Paciflc Mutual Life Insurance
Company. The prisoner is accused of is
suing policies In the name of the insur
ance company, to which he attached
forged signatures. The extent of his al
leged operations is not known to the po
lice.
ACCUSED OF FORGING
INSURANCE POLICIES
Licensed to Marry.
', OAKLAND, Aug. 25.— Marriage licenses
were ; issued to-day to Peter McCarthy, • 37
Special sale Icecream freezers Monday
and Tuesday. H. Shellhaas* furniture
store, corner 11th and Franklin sts. *
OAKLAND, Aug. 25.— John A. Howard,
who conducts a free market stall.. was
arrested to-day by Deputy Sheriff George
"Wales on a charge of collecting bounty
in Tulare County on squirrels killed In
this county. Howard is said to have
shipped hundreds of tails to Tulare.
Alleged Swindler. Arrested.
OAKLAND, Aug. 25.— Owing to the
breaking of the old floodgates at the
Twelfth-street dam, Street . Superintend
ent Ott has been unable to empty the lake.
The rotten planks are unable to withstand
the pressure of the tide and the water
rushes back Into the lake at. each flood.
The water in the lake was five inches
deeper to-day than yesterday.
Lake Floodgates Break.
Benefit for I»abor Celebration.
OAKLAND, Aug. 25.— A vaudeville show
and balloon ascension will be given to
morrow afternoon at Oakland ? Park f oi
the benefit of the celebration fund of the
Alameda County Building Trades Council.
The proceeds will be used to defray a
portion of the expenses of the Labor day
celebration on September 3.
OAKLAND, Aug. 25.— Memorial services
In memory of the late Dr. A. S. Lee and
Walter C. Dart, who died on shipboard
within twenty-four hours of each other
while returning from Europe, will be held
to-morrow afternoon in the parlors of the
First Congregational Church. Rev. J. K.
McLean will officiate.
Will Hold Memorial Services.
His wife and eight children survive
the deceased pioneer. The children - ; are
Charles E. Jacobus, Lyman A. Jacobus,
Cornelius T, Jacobus Jr., Kittle M. Jaco
bus, Fred G. Jacobus, Helen M. Jacobus,
Frank Jacobus and Raymond Jacobus.
The funeral will take place at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning from the family resi
dence. ¦ «
The deceased was 76 years old, a na
tive of New York and a resident of Oak
land since 1S52. In partnership with the
late Colonel John Scott, he built many
of Oakland's old mansions. Many years
ago' he was active as a member of the
Board of Education. For some years he
lias not been in active business.
OAKLAND, 25.— Cornelius T.
Jacobus, an old pioneer of Oakland and
formerly one of its most prominent con
tractors, died yesterday at his residence,
1167 Eighth street. He had been 111 about
two weeks.
DEATH OF ONE OF
OAKLAND'S PIONEERS
OAKLAND, Aug. 25.-Wllliam H. Ferre,
a laborer, 40 years old, swallowed half an
ounce of chloroform this evening. In the
doorway of a store on Twelfth street, be
tween Franklin and Broadway and sank
to the ground unconscious. He was seen
to fall and was hurried to the Receiving
Hospital. There Drs. Porter and Stratton
worked over the man for nearly two houia
before he showed signs of returning con
sciousness.
Ferre Teas unable to speak, but his iden
tity was learned from letters found in his
pockets. Nothing is known of his resi
dence. The letters are from a woman who
does not sipn her name. Despondency be
cause of HI health is thought to have
prompted 'Ferre's attempt to die. .
DESPONDENT LABORER
SWALLOWS' CHLOROFORM
Park street 119 votes were polled; at Bay
station zl, and at the West End 44 votes.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
MEWS
OPTHS
BAY CSTSES.
or- tmc
BAiT CITIES.
33
Reception by Ebell Ladies
715 Market St. B.F. I Shattnck At, Berkeley
Job &. Wu'h'n, Oak [ Central Ave, Alameda
7th A- Wood, Oak. I W 1st Street, San Jose.
Sugar Cured Hams..lb 13c
Genuine Eastern. Sweet and
tender. Medium fat.
Butter — Genuine Elgin
Theb««t that money p 0Un d 25C
Royal Savon Soap
Full ireiffht bars. 3 f Qr 2 C C
Qnauty tame as u iV/i -O
Babbltra.
Formosa Oolong Tea
$£?%?&.*" Pound 35c
Martell Brandy .
OrBeanessT. , Star <T CO
Regular 51.75. 3 OUi * p 1 . y
Old Tom Gin bottle 70c
Double Eag!e brand, or London
Dock. Regular tLOO.
American Club Whiskey
ge lt? d m * tnred eal. $1.85
la wood. Q » ,t **
Bmooth and mellow. KeR. $2.50.
Zinfandel Wine i»5 vinta?».
From Lob Cerritos. _,. 1 A f^f*
Bmooth-like imported g al « 4°*-
claret. Regular 63-;.
Clia mpagne — Eclipse
a Extra J'ry. Arpad nirti-e i —r>
* I Hara«zth7&Co. pintS 3^C
Malt Breakfast Food
The most beneficial and healthful
preparation Tor breakfast
¦erred free.
m , PAPOtPS JCaLil 1 aulCl 9
!•' JrA^I\ Stamped thus |. Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near
. Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
• First Baptist. Eddy street, near Jone«— Rev.
E. A. Woods.
'. St. Francis'. Vallejo street and Montgomery
avenue— Rev. T. Caraher.
'¦ Holy Cross, Eddy street, near 8cott— Rer.
Father McGlnty.
'. St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
. O'Farrell street-Rev. Father Prendergast,
. V. G.
' St Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
' St. Mary's. California and Dupont streets—
Paulist Fathers.
! Trinity, corner Bu«h and Gough str«e_
. Rev. Frederick \V. Clampett.
'. St Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
etreet— D. C. Garrett. »
! Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue and Clement street-Rev. Philip
Coornbe. .
'. Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, be
tween Mission and Valencia— Rev. Wil
liam Rader.
¦ First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
son streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
! Emmanuel Evangelical. Twelfth street, be
• tween Market and Mission — Rev. W. tx.
. Althouse. _______
' Bush Street Synagogue Bush and Oough
streets— Rabbi Isidore Myers.
¦ First Christian. Twelfth street, near How
ard—Rev. F. S. Ford. ;
' Howard M. E.. between Second and Third
streets— Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
! Richmond M. B, Fourth Avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street—
. Rev. A. E. Ulrich.
'¦ Ep worth M. E., corner Church and Twenty-
Sixth streets— Rev, W. M. Woodward.
' Trinity M. E.. corner Market and Noe
streets— Rev. Theo. H. Woodward.
Blmpson M. E-. corner Hayes and Buchanan
—Rev. John Stephens.
Poterero M. E., Tenneessee street, near So
lano— Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Central M. E., Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventh— Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller.
California Street M. E.. corner California
and Broderick streets^ — Rev. A. C. Bans.
Grace M. E., corner Capp and Twenty-first
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Westminster Presbyterian, Webster and
Page streets— Rev. E. H. Avery.
Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank
lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David James.
'< First Presbyterian, corner Van New ave
nue and Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mac
kenzie
' Howard Presbyterian. Oak and Baker streets
. —Rev. J. I. Thomas.
' Calvary Presbyterian, corner Geary and
Powell streets — Rev. John HemphiiL.
'• First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary and
. . Franklin streets— Rev. Bradford Leavitt
' Second Unitarian, corner Capp and Twenti
eth etreets— Rev. E. M. S. Hodgln.
» First Church of Christ, Scientist, 223 Sutter
> street, between Kearny and Grant avenue.
. ¦ Y. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets— H. J.
. McCoy, secretary.
> First English Lutheran, 1363 Geary street—
. Rev. E. Nelander.
"Say, Dougal, hoot there, man! Your
plaid is setting mighty traitorous. If you
don't rut some ice on yourself your col
ors will be running into each other, and
you'll «be worse than a Campbell In the
last act." It almost broke up the per
formance.— Philadelphia Press^
At one time when I»rd Kosebery was
visiting relatives In Dumferline he was
ono of a house party who gave a number
of amateur performances. TVhyte-Mel
ville, author of "The Gladiators," was
anothrr member of the party. -and also
something of an actor. Indeed, Lord
Kos«ebery used" never to lose an oppor
tunity to take part in private theatricals.
For many years Mr. Melville has enter
tained his friends with stories of the
plays they put on during his stay with
the premier.
llerc> is one of them:
In "Rob Roy" Melville took the part of
the famous brigand and Hosebery was a
chieftain of the triumphant clan. At the
last minute it was found that Rosebery
had no plaided socks to eo with his kilt,
and a stage hand painted the nether ex
tremities of the now famous statesman
in the required plaid colorings and all
which marked his clan. Toward tho mid
dle of the second act Rosebery warmed
up considerably to the part, and he could
feel the paint trickling down to the floor
from his limbs In great drops. But he
was not prepared for the remark which
greeted him from the front row at the
opening: of the next act, when an old
Scotchman said:
Rosebery's Stockings.
Momlngr — "Somebody Hath Touched Me."
Bvening— "And the Lord Turned and •
Looked on I'rter."
Morning— Preaching by Rev. Dr. Kincaid •
of Honolulu. Evening — "The Present and •
Afterward."
Morning— Gentlemen's Sodality will receive •
communion at 7:S0 mass. Evening— Vei- •
| per* will be nung by the Sodality; Rev. •
Father Caraher will preach sermon. •
Moraine— Rev. P. J. Foote. S. J. will de- •
liver sermon at 11 o'clock mass. Evening ¦
— Vespers and sermon. <
Morning— Rev. J. B. Hannlgan wlU preach ¦
at 11 o'clock high mass. Evenlnp— Vesp«rs ¦
and «ermon by Rev. C. A. Itamm.
Morning— Rev. Father Hickey. S. J.. will .
preach at 10:30 mau. Evening— Rev. .
Father Woods. S. J., will preach.
Morning:— Sermon by one of the Fathers at •
11 o'clock mass. Evening— Sermon and <
vespers. ,
Morning— "The Church and Social Lire." •
Evening— Special musical services. <
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Even- •
Ing — Same. .
Morniog— Preaching by Rev. Dr. Peck of ¦
China. Evening— Same. <
Morning— "Multiplied Loave* and Fishes." •
Evening— "Art and Life or Pictures and <
People."
Morning — "What Does Divine Grace Do for .
a Human Being?" Evening— "Without <
Blemish." .
Morning 1 — "Ldfe by Faith." Evening— "Fol- i
lowing Afar OfC" ,
Evening— "Do the Jewa Hate Manual ¦
Labor?" aermon by Rabbi Myers. . ,
Morning— 'Go T« and Preach the Gospel." '.
Evening— "Christ and the Helpless." ,
Morning— Rev. Bishop John TV. Hamilton. !
D.D.. will preach. Evening— Preaching .
by the pastor.
McrnlnK— Preaching by the oaator. Even- ¦
ing— Same. . ;1,
Morning— Preaching by the castor. Even- '
Ing— Same. ,
Morning-— Preachlnr by the pastor. Even- '«
ing— "Peter Betrayed by His Speech." «
Morning— "Two Great Laws." Evening— !
Bishop J. W. Hamilton will preach. <
Morning— Preaching by the oaator. Even- <
ing— Same. . \
Morning— "Certainties of Religion." Even- '
lng-Blahop David H. Moore will preach. .
Mot ?I n Kr" Sabbath Desecration." Evening I
—"Selling Our Birthright." ,
Morning— "Voices -From the Heights." <
Evenlng-'The Man TVbo Didn't Care."
Morning— Rev. Dr. Eastern ¦ of Washington. !
p. C. will preach. Evening— -tThe Imner- «
Ishable Law, or Sinai and th« Twentieth
Century. ,
Morning— Rev. William Nat Friend will •
preach. Tvening— Same.
Morning— Preaching by the paator. Even- <
ing— Rev. William Kirk Gutherie will <
preach. . <
Morning— Rev. Hugh McKluskey of Irvine >
Scotland, will preach. Evening — "The «
Runaways." <
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even- <
Ing— "What Are You Doing Wita the <
Light You Received V ; «
Morning— Preaching by the pastor.
Morning— "The Lesson of Patience. «
11 ' ' | __——__ 4
Mornlnjr— "Man." r.'.« .,/...- <
-"' i
Afternoon— Rev. H. H. Avery. D.D.. will <
address the service for young men.
— — — — — __ __ ________ ________ <
Morning— Sermon by the Rev. A. C. Swolns- *
berg of Salt Lake City. Evening— Sermon t
by the pastor on the gospel of the «U>-. <
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
Mrs. N. Raphael of Amador City was
recently entertained at an afternoon "at
Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Adams of 72S Ellis
street did not observe their crystal wed
ding five years ago. but on the night of
the lHh inst. celebrated both the crystal
and the china wedding anniversaries. The
ccuple, who were married in Liverpool In
J^SO and two years later made San Fran
cisco their home, were -congratulated upon
the dual celebration, by a number of
specially invited friends. Mrs. Adajns, in
addition to the corieratulations, received
a great many beautiful presents of crys
tal and chlnaware. The parlors were
prettily decorated and a very pleasant
evening was spent. Mrs. Adams was as
eisted in the reception of guests by Mrs.
Victoria Annacost. During the evening
pupper was served. There were present
besides Mr. ajid Mrs. Adams, Captain and
Mrs. George E. WaJllce. Mr. and Mrs. H.
Armacost, Mr. and Mrs. H. Diven, Mr.
and Mrs. William Sullivan. Mr. and Mrs.
R. T. Baccus. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Bou
da., Mr. and Mrs. H. Brown. Mr. and Mrs
James Goodall. Mrs, A. Pfaff, Mrs. Jennie
Hanley. Mrs. Relta Johnson, Mrs. AI.
Griffith. Mrs. Lyons. Misses E. Sallmace.
S. G. O'Connor. Bella Donnlgan, Margaret
Yarrou. Oeorg-e W., Frank and Eddie
Adams. Messrs. Emll Lastreto, Watson
Annacost, John Burry and Henry Oh
landt. Mrs. Adams is a past councilor of
Socia.1 Council of the Order of Chosen
Friends.
Miss M. Dineen and William Dineen
vere tendered a surprise party at their
home. 108 Freelon street. Saturday even
ing. August IS, in honor of their return
from the East. The evening was devoted
principally to music and games. Supper
was served at a late hour, followed by
dancing, which lasted till the wee hours
of the morning. Among those present
were Misses M. Dineen. A. Preston, K.
Murphy. M. Flood, A. Hughes. L. Hart,
CJ. Murphy. L. Hogan. M. Murphy, 1.
Reid, C. Kilalea. M. Fit2r>atrick. K. Sul
livan. M. Tlmke, H. Mahoney, G. Mclner
r.ey. K. Healey. A. Healey; Messrs. Wil
liam Dineen. T. Kenny, J. Cronin, T.
L»a!y, D. Cror.ln. J. Mullaney, K. O'Don
rcll, F. Hilderbrand. H. Wise. A. Cokely,
H. Lefman, H. F. Lefman. G. Harrison,
E. Kane. G. McGinerty. W. Murphy. M.
Burke, J. Donovan. M. Melvin, M. ©Con
nor, M. Toohy, J. Kenrieally, F. Tlmke.
Home Gatherings.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Ix-r.a Lubosch of this city to Sam Label
cf San Rafael.
The engagement reception of Miss Mary
J-oorya and Samuel Horowitz will take
r>iace to-day. They will receive their
lri<nds at C31 Stevenson street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Hannah Davis and S. Katz.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Florence Loowenberg to Leon Jacobs.
They will receive Sunday, August 20, and
Tuesday, August 28, from 2 to 5 p. m., at
1*25 OFarrell street.
They're Engaged.
WITH the exception of those who
have country homes, nearly
everybody has returned to town
Although there has been any
amount of discussion apropos the com-
Jng season, nothing definite has been ar
ranged for the entertainment of the select
during the approaching winter, although
the indications are that the season will
Le a brilliant and successful one.
The members of the 1900 Cotillon Club
participated In a beach supper at tho
Cliff House on "Wednesday evening, Au-
The Eschscholtzlas. ono of the very se
lect PDcial clubs cf the Mission district, ot
which George C. Helr.z is president and A.
E. Kuper is secretary, gave its seventh
party, a strictly evening dress function, in
Sliss'lon Parlor Hall, on Seventeenth
street. The attendance was large, prov
ing the popularity of the dances given by
this club. The costumes of many of the
ladles were elegant and the others ex
ceedingly pretty. A programme of the
latest dances, well arranged, was greatly
enjoyed by all.
A farewell reception was tendered Rev.
H S Hanson at his residence, 1790 Pine
Ftreet. Friday evening. August 17, by hla
Bible class of Trinity Church. The even
ing was very enjoyably spent in games
and music. Refreshments were served
later. Amone the guests were the Junior
warden and daughter of St. James
Church. Fresno.
Club Parties.
A very pleasant, and enjoyable birthday
surprise pirty was tendered to Miss Alma
Bullwir.kel Sunday, August 19. at her res
idence, corner of Mason and Jackson
streets. The home was prettily decorated
for th? occasion and an enjoyable time
was passed In music, dancing, singing and
games. Luncheon was served to the in
vited guests at 3 p. m. and an elaborate
supper at 8 p. m. Miss Alma received
a large number of beautiful and costly
present's. Among those present were;
Klsle, Anita and Dora Bullwinkel. Sophie
Levy. Leonard Kimball. Sophie and Llllie
Mp.Fhondorf. Jeanette and Eleanor Berry
mann.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Mau, formerly of San
Francisco, celebrated the twenty-fifth an
niversary of their wedding last Saturday
evening at their home in Santa Rosa. The
house was beautifully decorated with
pmilax. ferns, roses, Chinese lanterns, etc.
The happy couple received many valuable
presents from their relatives and friends.
An elaborate banquet was served, at
which speeches were in order, and the well
wishes of all were exoressed in honor of
Mr and Mrs. Mau. The bride of twenty
five years wore a beautiful silver wreath.
AmoV.g the guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
Adolph TVeske. Mr. and Mrs. K.
S-ehwartZP. Miss Clara Schwartze and
Mrs. Meaburn of San Francifoo, Mr. and
Mrs. Alwin TVeske. Mr. and Mrs. Strldde.
Mr. and Mrs. Wright. Mr. and Mrs. G.
Peterson. Assistant District Attorney Al
win Weske Jr.. Mr. Uhlrich. Th«K>dor and
William Weske, Miss Betty Weske and
Mr. and Mrs. J. Gerry of Port Costa.
home" at the residence of Mrs. S. Myers,
oi> Page street.
A delightful fern party was given by
Mrs. H. O'Connor at her country home,
Ff rn Knoll, Cone Madera, Saturday even
ing, August 18. The grounds were beauti
fuily illuminated with lanterns and the
par!ors tastefully decorated with ferns
and flowers. Among those present were:
Mrs. H. O'Connor. Mips Marie Gilhuly,
Miss Tessie S. O'Connor. Miss Lillle TVil
ton. Miss Rose Haley, Miss R. Kerwin,
Mr. and Mrs. Hermann Wilton, Mr. and
Mrs. TYilHam A. O'Connor, Mr. and Mrs.
T. J. Clisham, Miss Margaret Leary, Mr.
and Mrs. Antone Morganthal, Dr. and
Mrs. BHfs. Miss Janie Corbett. Dar.iel
Corbett. Miss Alice Ross, Miss Mae Rosa.
Mr. and Mrs. Locke. Miss Locke, James
Lewis, Phillip Martin, Tony Mlrieh. M.
Ayers. Chauncey Depew, Mr. Healey,
Thomas Brooks. E. Guptil, Horace Will
mott. George Olson. Mr. and Mrs. Howard
Coffin, Walter Peterson. Miss Alice Power,
MIfs Agnes Kendrick. Mr. and Mrs. M. J.
Reilly and Miss H. O'Connor.
AT PISMO BEACII-Subscriber. Plo.no.
Cal. This correspondent writes: "Am liv
ing at Plsmo, San Luis Obispo County.
Built a house on piles at the edge of tho
surf about 2P0 feet below high wat-r
mark The tide washes clear around th
foundatlon on which the house stands.
Am engaged in the liquor business ther.\
Can the courty of San Luis Obispo make,
me pay a license? Am I not as much e\-«
empt from such a license 33 a steama
that has a bar?" J ;
San Luis Obispo County, like all otht r
counties that have water frontage, ha.
territorial Jurisdiction for thre** mil«s oft
shore, and if a person is engaged in Imai
ness at a fixed place, thotirh Ti "o^ 2X> feet
below high water mark, he is atill within
the jurisdiction of the county. A steamer
that moves on the high seas anrt does not
engage In the liquor business at points of
stoppage Is not liable to license, but If a
steamer should lay up at Plsmo and the
bar should be kept running, then the ves
sel would be liable.
SIGNATURE— E. S.. Palo Alto. Ca!.
When a woman marries she f.as a perfect
right in social affairs to have ensraved on
her cards and in letter writing to slsn. if.
for Instance, she married Edward hm:th
son. "Mrs. Edward Smlthson." but in
signing legal papers, if her given name is
Lucy, she must sign "Lucy Sm'.thsnn."
rot * J Mrs. Edward Smithson" nor "Mra.
Lucy Smlthson." A woman never sug
gests her husband's business or position
en her personal visiting card or by signa
ture to her letters. It Is a vulgarism t*r
one who has married a captain in th»»
army to use "Mrs. Captain Jones, or if
she be the wife of a Senator to use Mrs.
Senator Jones."
UNINCORPORATED EODY-Subscri
ber. City. If a man la a member of au
association not Incorporated, but guverneil
by a constitution, by-laws and has £"l^nd^
to its credit in bank, and he is ordered by
the association to engage in extension
work fnr the association, a resolution l<j
that effect being passed by a working
quorum and entered upon the minutes, b« -
Ing told that all necessary expense.-* would
be paid him. he can. in case he has ful
filled his part of the work, sue the as
sociation primarily in case his demand H
not allowed. He can also sue Um mem
bers individually.
PROSPECTIVE DAMAGES— "VT. M .
Santa Rosa, Cal. The questions asked .n
relation to whether China cculd ask f"r
damages to property by reason of invasio i
by the allies, and the others asked in re
lation to the trouble in China, are of an
International character and they cannnt
be answered at a moment's notice. Tho
questions that arise In the conflict may
take many of the wisest heads of th*
world many months to solve. Thin depart
ment Is willing to furnish facts, but can
not undertake to 'foretell what diplomats
might do.
DISTANCES TO THE CLIFF-Suh.
scriber. City. The most direct route from
the ferry to the Cliff for one who tWslre*
to walk is from the ferry building ouc
Market street, out Geary and out Point
Lobos avenue. The distance is 3s, 500 feet
or 7.1640 miles. By the Sutter street line,
connecting with the Sutro line, the <i!s
tance is 42.0CO, or 2li) feet less than eight
miles. By the Market-street line, connect"
ing with the blue line at Taylor stre^r.
the distance is 51.500 feet or 9.33S0 miler..
By the California-street line and the CiiiT
House steam line the distance \s 40,000 feet
or 7.3040 miles.
KINGS RIVER CANYON-S.. City.
Kings River Canyon la a wild, majestta
section of a part of California a? th«
headwaters of th*» Tuolumne ami Kintc
rivers, located in Kings County and Fres
no. It is noted for the beauty of wild
scenery and grfat rliff.*. The canyon i*
reached from San I'*rancisco via Kre?n<>.
Sanjfer and ftUHwood, then by pnek mu".* *
or private conveyance. It takrs thf bet
ter Dortion of three days to reach thQ
canyon. The fare is about $34 for a s:i:-
Kle trio. There are no hotels at the ian
yon. Those who go there roust camp.
as a vessel containing boiling water wfl»
admit and dipping thfm in the boilinit
water a minute or two at m>">st. Th>r
germ which is so near the skin la de
stroyed without injuring thf potato. Th* v
should then be dried in a warm oven, I.iiii
up In sacks and kept in a warm place st-
cure from frost.
POTATOES— S.. City. Potatoes are pre
served by drying— that is, they are sliced
and dried in a room; but a better method
to preserve, so It Is said, is the following:
Large quantities may be prcparad at once
by putting them Into a basket as large
BAIL MONEY— G. B.. City. The prop
erty clerk of the Police Department does
r.ot have anything to do with bail money.
If a man is arrested on a charge of mis
demeanor and at the time has sufficient
money on his person to bail himself out
he can send for the bond clerk, who is on
duty day and night, and deposit the re
quired amount of bail with him. Bail
money Is returned after the case has been
disposed of or after a bond has been sub
stituted for the cash if the court permits
of such change.
THE OREGON— J. C. N., City. The bat
tleship Oregon was at Puget Sound when
orders were received that she proceed to
Santiago de Cuba. She left there March 6,
1898. came to this port and started on her
journey March 10. She made the trip from
Puget Sound to Juniper Inlet in eighty-one
days, including stops amounting to twen
ty-four hours. She went around the
Horn, stopping at Callao, Valparaiso and
Bahla.
NOTE AND MORTGAGE-S. S .
Wrights, Cal. A note secured by mort
gage cannot by the law of this State "run
by consent" after the note becomes due.
If the parties desire that the note should
run it must be done in the regular way;
that is, by renewal. An Instrument in
writing In the nature of an obligation, if
executed in the State of California, runs
four years after maturity; if executed out
side of the State, two years.
against him and if he falls to vacate he
can be evicted by law. j
Personals.
Mrs. Robert Green of Los Angeles will
be at home Tuesday, August 2S, at 1G34
Buchanan street.
Frank Willard Kimball and Mrs. Kim
ball spent Saturday und Sunday last at
Palo Alto, being the guests of Miss Sarah
Louise Kimball. secretary of the Cali
fornia Genealogical Society.
Captain Charles Lloyd Kimball and
daughter. Miss Edna Genevieve Kimball,
of Healdsburg visited in this city the past
week in the Interest of the forthcoming
Kimball family reunion which is to occur
at Mount Tamalpais October 6.
Dr. George Prestin Wintermate return
ed from Europe on Monday after a year's
absence from this city.
Mr. and Mrs. William duff and the
Misses Cluff are at the Colonial for the
coming season.
Misses Nellie and Aggie Oorevan have
gone to Nevada City for a few weeks.
Mrs. Samuel Friedman of 1111 Post
street, accompanied by her little neice,
Sadie Brown, has taken a trip to New
York city. She will visit all points of
Interest before her return.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Sisenvine and family
are at 1215 Buchanan street.
Mrs. J. A. Hosta. accompanied by her
son, W. Erwin Lawrence, left last week
for a visit to Eureka, California.
Mrs. H. TVollerberg and Misses Natalie
and Lillian Wollenberg will be at home
Tuesday at the Granada.
Mrs. John H. Millzner of 1117 Scott
6treet returned last week from a two
months' visit with her mother in Port
land. Oregon.
Mrs. A. Levingstone has removed from
801 Hayes street to 623 Halght and will
continue to be at home on the Becond
Tuesday of the month.
Dr. Alfred Newman arrived home last
week, after an absence of three years
which were spent in Europe. ,
Mrs. T. J. Crowley and Miss Mazie
Crowley have come over from their home
In San Rafael and are guests at The
Wellesley. Judge T. J. Crowley left for
the East on Wednesday- evening for a
short trip.
Mrs. E. Joseph and daughter Gene
vieve, accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Lleb
Carrie Lieb, May Derlln, May Lucler.
Harry and Oran Lieb, Robert Myers and
Odin Kelso, have returned to this city
from Fairfax, after spending the summer
months at "Camp Wide Awake." A
party. Including Herbert Morton, Carl
Murray, Edith Spooner and Kate Rals
ton, visited Fairfax Saturday and were
the guests of Mrs. and Miss Joseph.
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert E. Law will ar
rive home by the 1st of September, after
a five months' European tour.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Roth will be pleased
to see their friends this Sunday after
noon. August 26; at their home., 150 Guer
rero street.
Miss Juliette Mereenthaler left Thurs
day on a two months' visit to Chicago.
New York and Philadelphia.
George V. Smith and bride spent their
honeymoon at Gilroy Hot Springs.
Mr. and Mrs. George Schweitzer have
just returned from a month's northern
trip.
Frank V. Canning, manager of Boerlcke
& Runyon's New York pharmacy. Is so-
Journing at Lake Champlaln. Mr. Canning
Is a great gotf devotee and won the medal
at the last tournament at Mapleton. N. Y.
J. S. CoughUn, wife and children of
Minneapolis, Minn., has been visiting his
brother, John Coughlln of 115 Twentv-sev
enth street, San Francisco, and will re
turn home In a few days by way of Spo
kane.
Mm. Jeremiah Mahoney, M;r. and Mrs
Joe Corbett. Harry Corbett. Miss Ella
Mahoney. Miss Esta Corbett and' Tom
Corbett are having a most delightful time
at Paraiso Springs, where they Intend to
remain a month.
. Mrs. S. S. Arnholm and Miss Laura Arn
heim have removed to their new resi
dence. 820 Florida street, near Twentieth
and will be pleased to see their friends '
Mr. and Mrs. Emanuel Levy have re
moved to 2710 Pine street, where they will
receive their friends. At home Wednes-
At the Resorts.
GILROY SPRINGS-Followlng are the
guests registered at Gilroy Springs during
the past week: From San . Francisco
James C. Dunphy. Henry Welhmann, J.
G. Jensen, Frank H. . Morton, C. Kelpe,
O. C. Erlckson, Ed F. Armstrong, TV. O.
TVreden and wife, Mrs. A. M. Schilling,
Joseph J. McCafferty, William Beatyi
Mrs. M. Fay, Mrs. K^ Stlrolen, Mr. and
Mrs. George V. Smith, Lewla Marks, Jud-
I son Brusie, P. J. Carroll, TV. J. McCarthy,
1 J. B. Henrioult, : Albert H. Lau, II
I T. Michaels. From Alameda— Mrs. A.'
Sailed Awav.
The steamer Australia, bound for Hono
lulu, sailed on Wednesday, August 22, car
rying the following passengers: Miss
Flora NT. Albright, S. C. Allen and wife,
John Alliman, John Alexander and wife,
Mrs. F. Anderton. F. B. Auerbach, Miss
A. Blacow, Mrs. S. A. Berger. Loring A.
Bond, Mrs. M. I. Brown. TV. A. Burk
holder, J. A. Colvin, Mrs. R. Cowes, J. F.
Crawley, wife and two children; Albert
R. Cunha.Mrs. E. S. Cunha, Mrs. E. Dea
con, Mrs. I_ A. Deyo, Miss J. L>eyo, Misa
M. Deyo, A. Fernandez and wife, H. G.
Garrett, Captain R. Greig, O. H. Gulick
and wife. F. Halstead, wife and two chil
dren; A. K. Harford, J. R. Higby, M.
Hirshman, wife and two children; D. H.
Holtslander, Mrs. R. Horner, Mrs. E. A.
Howard, Robert Jackson. Miss I. Kelley,
F. W. Kern and wife, Mrs. C. Kimball,
Mrs. E. Kopke, Miss B. Kopl:e, Miss G.
Kopke, Mrs. B. Label, H. M. Levy, Miss
C. D. Low, Colonel William Maidonaid
and wife. Mrs. E. B. MoClanahan, Miss
McClanahan, K. E. McKenzie, J. H. Mai
lory, Miss G. E. Maryland. B. R. Martin.
TV. J. Mayer, Mrs. VV. H. Mays, W. H.
Mixer, J. F. Morgan. S. Peck, Miss E.
Pires, J. TV. Podmore, wife and two chil
dren. Mrs. J. S. Purdie, It. Kcingaw, A.
H. Rice, Hugh B. Rice. F. L. Richmond,
TV. A. Robinson, TV. H. Rock, Miss M.
Rouse, Miss E. Sanders. G. 1$. Schrader,
Mrs. G. D. Schrader, J. A. Scott and wife,
A. L. Shaw, Mrs. W. F. Smith. W. II.
Smith and wife, Mrs. J. Smithies, child
and maid; Mrs. J. E. Snow, Mrs. G. TV.
Spencer. Mrs. F. Stern and child. Miss T.
Stern. E. M. Stone, E. W. Thatcher. Miss
C. S. Truelson, F. L. Waldron and wife.
Mrs. A. G. Walsh. Miss B. Weight, Mrs.
B. Wheeler and child. H. M. Whitney, Mrs.
TV. L. Witham, E. K. Wood and wUe, Dr.
Glenn Wood.
In the Future
The Astorias will give their tenth as
sembly at Golden Gate Hall on Tuesday
evening, September 4.
The Maria Kip Orphanage will give an
exhibition of its rag baby show at Golden
Gate Hall. 625 Sutter street, on Saturday,
September 15, at 2 p. m.
gust 8. After supper the evening was
spent in singing and telling fairy tales.
Those who participated were: Mr. and
Mrs. A. T. Zoell, Mrs. Rose Simmons. Ed
ward E. Beard, Mattie Lee Perry, Wil
liam Earmey, Lraura Mae Morgan, Peter
Simmons. Madeline Keller, Raymond Mc-
Redy, Ida Bronier. William Giles, Made
line Nachter, Clayton T. Cunningham.
Mabel Johnson. Walter Clark, Belle Kidd
and Marie Uronler.
The Wednesday Afternoon Whist Club
held its iirst meeting of the season at the
residence of the president, Mrs. John
Uendee, S65 Broderick street. Mrs. TV. K.
Wheelock was elected treasurer. The
prize, a handsome jeweled lamp, was won
by Miss Hendee, who entertained tho
members with an elaborate afternoon
luncheon.
ter of agreement between landlord and
prospective tenant. The agreement that
rent shall be paid in advance need not be
in writing. It a tenant does not pay his
rent In accordance with the terms of his
agreement he can be served with a notice
to quit, an. action can b«. commenced
SMOKING— J. W.. City. The proprietor
of a concert hall in which smoking is tol
erated has a right to taboo pipes, as well
as he would have the right to prohibit the
smoking of cigarettes, if there should be
a complaint from a number of patrons
that the odor of pipe or cigarette is of
fensive. There are many who do not ob
ject to the smoke of a cigar, but they do
object to a pipe and to cigarettes.
RENT IN ADVANCE— P.. City. The
matter of how rent shall be paid is a mat-
FREE COINAGE— A. S., City. Under the
present law the United States Government
does not coin silver for individuals. It
coins gold for Individuals, making no
charge therefor except the cost of the al
loy used. The demand of those who ad
vocate "free and unlimited silver coinage"
is that silver shall be received at the
mints on the Fame terms as gold, and con
verted into silver coin, as is gold.
BANNOCKBURN— W. TV., Portal, Cal.
Bannockburn ran a mile in 1:39 at Emery
ville In the Lissak handicap January 27,
1900, carrying 12S pounds, beating Flamora,
Dr. Sheppard, Rosormonde, David Tenny
and Dr. Nembula. Fractional time— :2l\i.
:49, 1:14, 1:39. The same horse also cov
ered the same distance In the same time
at Tanforan on January 20, 1900, beating
Geyser and others.
ICE CREAM— Subscriber, City. Th© In
gredients that are used in making ice
cream solidify. Water in becoming solid
by freezing expands about one-ninth of
Its volume or bulk, so ice cream increases
in bulk in proportion to the amount of
water that there is in the milk and the
solidity to which it is frozen. The density
of milk is 1033.38, and the proportion of
water is about 864.06.
CANADIAN CITIZENSHIP— E. S., El
liott. In the Dominion of Canada an alien
does not, as he does In thf United States,
make a declaration of intention to become
a citizen. After he has resided three
years in the Dominion he can apply for
and" receive a certificate of citizenship,
provided he has complied with certain
conditions as to residence.
NO CONFESSION-J. B. D., Santa
Rosa, Cal. No ono has ever made a con
fession that he killed Blanche Lamont and
Minnie Williams in the Emmanuel Church.
A TWENTY-DOLLAR PIECE— F. B.,
Mercury. Cal. Dealers do not offer a pre
mium for a $20 piece of 1851. If you desire
to purchase one you can obtain it for $25.
PARIS COMMISSIONERS-O. B.. Oak
land, Cal. The California Paris Commis
sioners have not an office in San Francis
co. To communicate with them you will
have to address a letter to any of the in
dividual members.
A HALF-CENT PIECE— A. B. TV., Oak
land. Cal. A New York dealer in old
coins offers from $6 to ?S 50 for a United
States half-cent of 1S40 if it bears the date
in small figures. Half-cents of that date
with large figures are offered by dealers
at prices ranging from 20 cents to $1.
NO RELIGIOUS QUALIFICATION—
Subscriber, Oakland, Cal. There is no re
ligious qualification for the office of Presi
dent of the United States, and, for that
matter, for no other office in the United
States. No man because of his religion is
disqualified for the office of President.
NONE APPOINTED— F. S., City. No
one has been appointed on the police force
of San Francisco since the 1st of January,
1900.
CONUNDRUMS — Chautauqua, Susan
ville. Cal. This department has not time
to devote to answering conundrums.
LOTTERY— A Subscriber, Auburn. Cal.
This department does not advertise lot
teries.
A DIME-A. S., City. A dime of 1873
does .not command a premium from deal
ers.
ANSWERS TO
CORRESPONDENTS
THE GEYSERS— List of arrivals at
the Geystrs Springs for the past
week: Marjorie Simons, Miss Haw
kins. Miss McNally, Jessie M. Scott,
Max Hermann, T. R. Turner, Captain H.
\V. Goodall, P. A. Mahoney, Miss C.
Hogue, R. G. Ray and wife, Albert Ed
ward King and wife, George TV. Roberts,
Milton R. Clark. T. J. Coogan and wife.
L. ScUg. Arthur G. Fisk, Miss Brophy,
Cita Ryan. T. P. Weinmann, Eva
Dutch, George Cummings and wife.
Miss Philllppson, Miss R. B. Phil
lipiison. C. Luby, J. Ritchie. San Fran
cisco; E. Davis, Socrates Mine; Mollie
Thing, Healdsburg; Mrs. S. A. Richard
son. Callstoga; C. H. Richardson, New
York; WalU-r J. Wilson and wife, Mrs.
A. T. Kiistland, Oakland; Miss G. Hicklin,
Miss Hazel Hicklin, Calistoga; Mildred _.
Ivcyi Jessie Grant, Vallejo; TV. Fitzpat
rlck E. B. Taylor, Dixon; C. M. Hudner,
Louis I.alera, N. C. Briggs Jr.. Holllster;
Boon Homeyer and wife. Fruitvale; S. M.
Dickey, J. Ritchie, Isleton.
CARLSBAD— Among the latest arrivals
at Carlsbad are: Thomas Watt," Miss
Watt. Mrs. Crane, St. Helena: Leonard
K. Talley. Howard Spencer, Vallejo; Wal
ter Presspuch, Mrs. C. McGovern, Miss
Viola McGovern.F. P. McGovern, M. J.
Kimbell, Miss S. Kimbell. Miss A. Lynoh,
Mrs. K. Ross. Charles Morrow, San Fran
cisco.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS-Late ar
rivals at Klamath Hot Springs include:
E. A. Kober, M. E. Jesson, John Jones, P.
Mendelsohn, R. N. Risdon, Joseph Meyer
stein. T. H. Nichols, C B. Lorison, R. C.
Spink and wife, Louis Meyer, Ed Morse,
San Francisco; Frank Dolan, Howard
Johnson. Sacramento; L. R. Smith, J.
Chapman and wife. Redding; L. Flamboy,
Ashland, Wis.; J. A. McCall. John Hall,
Thomas Vizzer, Portland, Or.; George
TV. Lyman. wife and child. Miss J. Eakin,
W. W. Thompson. Miss A. C. Thompson,
F. H. Harper, A. A. Mitchell, Chicago; D.
Horn, L. Van Horn, Hornbrook; H. B.
Gillis and wife, Yreka; R. TV. Marple,
Frank Williams, Klamath Falls; George
Mason and wife, H. JMndley, Klamathon.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS-Among recent
arrivals at Highland Springs from San
Francisco are James H. Black. Mrs.
Frances Edgerton. Mr3. O. McHenry. Paul
Cowles, P. J. O'Dea, Frank Adams, T. G.
Lyons, E. Stelnway, George Franm. Mr.
and Mrs. M. McMahan, Mrs. L,. Scott,
Miss Nellie McAlister. Miss D. McMullin.
H. C. TVyman and wife, Mrs. S. Rhein
hart, Preston Morris, C. H. Williams. TV.
F. Hopkins, Mrs. M. R. Conlin. Miss Mar
garet McDevitt, Mrs. J. M. Segford, Miss
Annie Segford: Mrs. J. Welli, H. M. Mat
thews and wife, J. TV. Matthews and wife,
Oakland; J. R. F. Kocher and wife, San
Jose; Mrs. E. C. Stevenson Jr., San Rafael;
J. Summerfleld, Bakersfleld; August
Weihe, Fresno; H. J. Lltzberg, Sacra
mento; John S. Craig, Mrs. John S. Craig
and child. Woodland; A. M. Bemmerly,
Mrs. A. M. Bemmerly. Miss May Cooper,
Yolo; John Ross Smith, Covington, Ky.;
J. M. Wilson, Reno, Nev.
BYRON SPRINGS— The following
guests registered last week at Byron
Springs: From San Francisco— D. fauiu
van, Mrs. D. Sullivan, JI. L. Judell, J. J.
Rauer, C. W. Kinsmann, E. Johnston. M.
G. Jonas, Henry M. Benson, Mrs. H. Ben
son, L. Block, S. D. Kogcrs, Francis
Klein. William J. Brady, R. M. McLaugh
lin. A. Rogers, Margaret O'Neil, 1 ( . L.
Benton, J. E. Russell, J. C. Terry. P.
Canepa, E. Woenne. W. Plageman, A.
Kairdaira, J. P. Wentworth. Richard En
nis, Malone Joyce C. F, Martin, J. H.
Sargent. H.- TV. Grant. Mrs. Henry Levy,
nurse and child. Charles Mattheas, Mibs
Emma Kuegeler, Miss J. Kuegeler, Miss
Alice Cook, Miss I. Cook. From Stockton
—Frank Alden, L. Dickey, Mrs. L. Dickey,
Charles Francis. From Berkeley— J. A.
Martenstein, Miss A. Mason, Miss B. E.
Simpson, Mrs. E. Schmidt, G. Schultz.
From San Leandro-A. P. Morris. Jlm>*
Carrie Morris, J. Lebow. F. R. Shlueter.
From Oakland— Mrs. TV. P. Torey, Mrs. L.
lvey, F. TV. Westdohl, Mrs. M. A. Car
rick, Mrs. S. E. Meacham. From Merced
—Jacob Henryques, J. Remingham. * rom
Alameda— H. C. Kassen. From New York
—John C. Klein. From Pasadena— I. N.
Todd. From Washington— S. A. Hanson.
From Sacramento— John Melster and wife.
From Tracey— C. Batternan. From Jack
son—N. T. Littleneld. D. A. Patterson.
From Marysvllle— Mrs. H. Hayman and
son. Raymond Hayman. From Petaluma
—Mrs. A. Loftus and child.
un, C. E. Lang, T. Dewslng, M. Duane,
L>. E. McKindlay. Miss Marion Walcott,
A. J. Bernheim, TV. A. Bngrover, F. C.
Keil. J. Alexander, C. Duncan, H. H.
Kirby Jr., R. H. Abbott. P. J. Martin, G.
A. Karpe, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Corbett and
family, Mrs. J. Mahoney, Miss E. Ma
honey, Miss L. Gorman, J. F. Peters. Mrs.
A. Steinberger and son, P. J. Martin and
George A. Davis. J. Bader, Hanford: C.
M. Gregory, Santa Barbara; Mr. and Mrs.
J. Mainwaring. Brooklyn, N. Y.: A. Har
ris. San Luis Obispo: O. H. Dogge, M. D.,
San Jose; H. G. Dunham. St. Louis; H. C.
Hadloy. Chicago: J. J. Agard. Oakland: J.
TV. Flavelle, Philadelphia; H. P. Brown,
Salinas.
PASO ROBLES-Arrivals during the
past week at Paso Robles include: San
Francisco— James Smith. E. J. Sampter, T.
L. Llllis," W. M. Speyer, C. Donohue, Stan
ley Ponton, B. M. Newcomb. Adolph Klau,
James A. Low, George L. Colbuin, J. B.
iichloss, G. J. Scharlach. \V. T. Anderson,
(. N. Cohen, K. Oppenheimer. W. H. T.
brands, E. W. Campbell, C. W. Hopkins,
Miss K. Bellew, Mrs. M. Lewis, N. Stein
erger, Frank Elliott William R. Samp-
Thomas. From East Oakland — John Mo
ran. From San Jose— J. E. Tomt, J. C.
Black, Mrs. B. P. Young, Miss Mabel E.
Young, Miss Elizabeth Presho. From
Watsonville — T. G. Walker, W. P. Alex
ander, R. p. Dunn. From Alvarado — K.
H. Wagner. . From Carrolls— C. R. Slays
man, From China— Colonel F. Grant
Dowdie. From Canada-George Crosby,
Izzie Martin. From Gilroy— Dr. J. C.
Boome, George Millas, wife and son. Miss
Kathryn Philbert, Mrs. Thomas Fowler.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 2G, 1900.
34
SOCIETY
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
838 Market St., San Francisco.
• Hairdresslng. 25c; manicuring, 25c: shampoo-
Ins. 25c; facial massage and steaming. >
Prompt attention to mall orders with stamps.
Regular physician In attendance.
Aniti Cream is more than a softening, soothing prepara- 7 j
tion. It is a medical compound which removes the blem- LmI
ishfs that mar an otherwise beautiful face. Unsightly
freckles, brown»spots, liver patches, muddiness, pimples, fj
tan and all other discolorations can be removed bv a thor-
ough course of Anita Cream. It coaxes a new skin. The
old skin, with all its blemishes, will gradually come off in unperceived
particles, thus leaving a new complexion as soft and beautiful as nature
designed it. There is nothing in Anita Cream to harm the most deli-
cate skin nor to cause a growth of hair. Thousands of users have
testified <o the above facts.
FREE SflMPLE " y°« cannot obtain Anita Cream of your druggist send
60c to u«. Full pnrtlculars. Instructions and a free sample
will be mailed to any address upon receipt of 2c stamp. ANITA CREAM &
TOILET CO.. 207 Franklin St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
superFluou^hasr
_# M^r #ffi*_i__ »ms
butldlngr. 1170 Market »_. cor. Taylor „*„!
28-20. with the electric needle without Daln \Z
•car. Permanency Ruaranteed: hour* 1 to * n rr
The creates! skin food and tissue builder '
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by maklns tha »kla _n-_
It renders the skin soft. a nrm -
smooth, clear, white and 1 ¦¦_.
youthful. It Is a liquid, i _ri3?<?^__
Any cream of the. con- €?_«3SL«t<^Ni.
slatency of butter — ill jsf-^-^^itr^i
•tirnulate the growth of i?_Sb*i>»isf__i
hair on the face. Bran- vmW^A^^Qtt
man Toilet Cream 1_ ifiSa V**_'
E'jaranteed not to do 90. /wS _''v_4l»_ > _
Prle* 50c. Brahman Tooth 3Mu_ j«r\iS. x
Powder 50c. AH Uru< K i-t3 -i'^'^hr^^ >.
and at office of a. W *\*f&S$?fi£y<& «i
TRAVERSE. M. D. Lares ~- —^-^^Kfft^L
stock alwava at J s Pnt»»* t\— . <•
Market st./bet. PoweU an^Ma^ 8 C *' f"
! Mrs. Nettie Harrison's j
* •
__!¦ j$&g£$Nik Hai" !
T f-fc%MA ildki j
j^y^pf Restorer]
| Actually Restores GRAY OR F4DED Heir to I
jits youthful locks in F013 DWS. Net a fte J
! Is pleasant to use. $1 a bottle, all fir j j- •
! gists. 1 FREE treatment to all purchasers. •
j MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, j
} Dermatologist, 78-80 Geary St.S.F. ;
___^^____^ ,
"•¦i"H"i"i"i"H»M"i-n 1 1 1 1 i"i"M-i»i-i..ini.i M i-H..;..:..:..xn:Mi.:»x-:-H^ ;^^^^
i >•
I Dry Goods -^8||||ip Company. |
*•* _¦_ ***
I FALL, 1900. |
I NEW TAILOR SUITS, f
| SILK SKIRTS, I
I JACKETS. CAPES, |
1 GOLF SKIRTS AND GOLF SUITS, |
| THE VERY LATEST STYLES AT POPULAR PRICES. |
JT . ...ALSO... ¦ 1*
I FUR JACKETS and FUR NECKWEAR, f
T COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY ATTENDED TO. T
•• r ,_ ,_ **
;: CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY. ?
SE. Corner Gearr and Stockton Str3tt3. San Frinahoj. *
T UNION S<?U«Fl£3. > ->
•»* -••
• -m-i-m-i- •i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i i ¦:-i"i"i-i":"i"i-i-i :-i"K"i-H"r":"X":":"M":":"i"!-4-;« 6
ADVEBTISEM_NTS.
Is Your face Unwomanly?
Have you dark shadows "on your lips, cheek,
chin or person? If you have B. B. B. English
Caramel la just what you want. It removes
and cures this unfortunate blemish. After one
application your face will be as free from hair
as the palm of your hand. . •
B. B. B. En_liah' Caramel Is Indorsed by the
medical professsion, and has had 20 years of
successful practice In England and on the Con-
tinent. It is in fact the only satisfactory erad-
ication of superfluous hair known to science.
We guarantee a cure In every case under-
taken. Women attendants.One million eight hundred and fifty
thousand square. yards of looking glass is
manufactured in Europe annually.
Deputy Grand . President James 1 T.
Chcatham has gone 'to New York on a
visit. If time permits he will go to Eng
land. On the eve of his departure he was
tendered a banquet and was presented; a
valuable gold emblematic badge and a set
of resolutions.
At the last held meeting of San Fran
cisco Aerie No. 5 of the Fraternal Eagles
there were among the visitors the fol
lowing named: William Armstrong of
Tacoma Aerie, Joseph Sullivan of . AIi3-
Eoula, Mich., Thomas II. Long of Dallas,
Tex., John Lord and James Mackey of
Liutte, Mont., D. Glucos of Victoria. B. C,
and Captain Jack Crawford of Dawson
Aerie of thev Northwest Territory. The
latter entertained all present with songs,
recitations and stories. . San Francisco
Aerie will shortly entertain its friends.
Charles Kapp. chairman of the picnic
committee, is proud of the great success
that it was. This aerie initiated sixteen
candidates at Its last held session. * -
Fraternal Eagles.
The State eocial given by James A.
Garfield Corps No. 21, W. R. C, In the
social hall of the Alcazar building recent
ly was a great success. It was well at
tended and much interest was manifested
in the various screeds that were read
about each State, many of which, were
quite clever. In addition there were vocal
solos by Miss Stella Callendar. Of the
various screeds read the best was' that
about California and It was accorded tho
first prize. The second went to New Jer
sey. Then followed dancing. The affair
was under the direction of Mrs. C. Dib
ble. Mrs. 8. Wilson. Mrs. S M. V. Van
Horn, Mrs. M. Jones and Mrs. i May E.
O'Brien. Dora Wilson was the floor man-
Garfield State Social.
Pocahontas Council No. 3 will hold an
open meeting in its tepee to-morrow night.
The display to be made by this order on
Admission day In the big parade promises
to be an interesting feature of the day.
There will be three floats in line and a
large number of Red Men In Indian cos
tumes and in regalia. The tribe at Crock
ett and the one at Oak Park, Sacramento
County, will be in line in full war paint.
On Wednesday night Altahmos Tribe
No. S7 gave Its monthly smoker, which
was a very enjoyable affair. Thero were
interesting recitations and vocal selec
tions by the tribe's favorite quartet, J.
C. Flood, George Wallace, James Donnhue
and J. J. Colgan. There were also short
talks by Senior Sagamore James Boyes,
Great Chief of Records Porter L. Bliss,
Fred V. Northrup, sachem of the sitting
tribe; J. H. Ilutaff, past sachem; Henry
A. e:hasse and II. S. Wlnn, past great
sachems, and others. That night Man
zanita Tribe gave the warrior's degree to
two candidates and then adjourned in a
body to the hall of Altahmos to tnjoy the
smoker.
Last Tuesday night Pohonachee. Maz
ing Arrow and Seneca tribes were kept
busy with work In the several degrees.
Yosemite Tribe adopted several palefaces.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Aggie has
announced the following official visita
tions for the month of September: . 13th,
to Excelsior Circle. ISth. to Oakland Cir
cle; 19th, to Loreley Circle; 20th, to'Golden
Era Circle.
Excelsior Circle will give an entertain
ment to its friends about the middle of
September.
Bay City Circle No. 11, Companions of
the Forest of America, last Wednesday
night gave its long-promised social in the
social hall of the Alcazar building. The
membership of the circle was out In good
numbers and there were many of their
friends present, who were entertained
with a good programme of dances, which
did not close until midnight Those who
had charge of thi3 function were: Sarah
Lubish. Bessie Borren, Mrs. Smith. Mrs.
Koche, Mrs. Godschaux, Mrs. Lubish, Mr.
Marks, Mr. Sculzki, Mary Loryea and
Nellie McGrutzen.
American Companions.
The Ancient Order of United Workmen
will make an attractive showing In the
Admission day parade. The symbolical
float that ha3 been accepted will repre
sent the beneficial feature of the order
showing the difference of a home and
family that has been protected by the
provident husband who joined the order
and the home of the Improvident one
who did not join. The grand officers of
the order will ride in carriages and sev
eral of the drill teams in uniform will
act as escort to the float.
Honor will hold an open meeting next
Tuesday evening.
Knights of Honor.
.The members of the; Knights of Honor
axe preparing for a moonlight excursion
During the day of Tuesday the visitor
was the guest of the deputy district grand
master, and in company of Herman Les
ser and Leopold Aaron tho party visited
Mount Tamalpais. Before the reception
Mr. Bowski was entertained at dinner by
Mr, Lesser. '. . • .
Last Tuesday evening the distinguished
visJtor was tendered a reception in the
Alcazar building by the local lodges. Dur
ing the evening the ex-grand officer un
der good of the order, delivered a very
Interesting address, and remarks were
made by District Deputy Grand Master
Springer. A banquet followed, when
there were speeches by a number of mem
bers of the order. There was also an ex
emplification of the name Benjamin' by
Rev. p I. Myers.
On the evening of the 14th Inst.. the
members of Golden Gate Lodge No. 175 of
the Independent Order of Sons of Benja
min were visited by ex-Grand President
Jacob I. Le Bowski of New York, In com
pany of District Deputy H. L. Springer.
On the following nfght they paid a visit
to San Francisco Lodge No. 173 and at
each place the welcome was most cordial
At the last named lodge the visitor from
the East was presented a souvenir from
the lodge In the shape of an appropri
ately Inscribed silver dish, the presenta
tion being by ex-President f. Label
There was an eloquent response of thanks
and short addresses by Dr. Shirman J
Goldstein, Mrs. M. Label, I. O. Kasser C
A. Berliner, L. C. Levy, L. Aaron and
Mrs. Cohn. . .-
Sons of Bsnjamin.
Department. Commander Cora E. Mer
ritt,. Past National President Mrs. E.
d'Arcy Kinnle and Gerahllne E. Frlsbie
president of the Woman's Relief Corps
Home, left this city on the 22d Inst. to
attend the National Encampment at Chi
cago. ¦_ '
Meads Corps of this city gave a very
pleasant party a few evenings since and
realized a goodly sum In aid of Its chari
table fund.
Farragut Corps. W. R. O., of Vallejo
rwently celebrated its fourteenth anniver
sary and gave a reception to the depart
ment president and the staff. The event
was an enjoyable one, an excellent pro
gramme being presented. This is one of
the most prosperous of the department
and is always ready to respond to the
calls of the veterans of 1861-G5.
"Woman's Relief Corps.
High Chief Ranger Boehm has returned
from a visit to the northern part of the
State in the interest of the order. '
The executive council attended a meet
ing of the courts of the district at Suisun
last night.
Court Ivanhoe at Its last held meeting
Initiated six candidates.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Supreme Chief Companion Mrs. Falconer
will hold a school of Instruction for the
benefit of the officers of the local circles
on the SOth Inst.
Loyal Circle had a pleasant social in
Laurel Hall of the Shiels building last
week, which had been arranged by Miss
Alice Promise, Mrs. Sweet, Miss Tlucrhes
Mrs. Tackeley and Mrs. M. E. Wilkins.
During the evening those present wero
favored with a recitation by Mis3 Julia
A. Ellis.
On the night of the 5th of September
Sherwood Circle will give a "Blue J So
cial."
Artemis Circle Is arranging for a grand
entertainment to be given on the 17th of
next October.
T^£ h ?,. en A? rt , aInment that was given by
Fidelity Circle last week was one that at
tracted a very large number of the friends
of the members to the social hall of the
Foresters' building. The programme was
an unusually attractive one, which in ad
dition to many special features had two
one-act plays, namely "The Mouse Trap"
and "Turn Him Out." These, by outside
talent except one performer, were a tak
ing feature. So successful was it that
the circle has already laid plans for an
other on the same lines.
ent were: Mrs. V. • Rentchler, Mrs. M. A.
O'Brien, Mrs. Sllverman, Mrs. Flensley,
Mrs. A. Hansen, Mrs. Severance, 1 Mrs.
Gaivert, Mrs. M. Morgan, Misses Fannie
Klelschman, Mollie Dakin, K. Bridgv.ood,
Tlllie Meyer, May Drlscoll, Anna Belle
Gordon, McDonald, Lottie Dwyer,
Stella Beardsley; Messrs. F. J. Goodwin. J.
Cameron, B. Diamond, Thomas Fanning,
A. Maisel, Joe P. Spaldwlng, Charles Carr,
J. Wendt. O. Carnaud, F. Sass, J. Gan
sted, 0. Eberle, George H. Hansen, Mr.
Severance. Master Eddie Driscoll, Hum
bert Gaivert.
Native Daughters.
At the meeting of Golden State Parlor
Xo. 50 on the night c^ the 15th inst. there
were among the visitors Grand Vice
President Mrs. Genevieve Baker and Mrs.
French of Alta Parlor. Two applications
were presented. Mis3 Mathilde Ducker,
president; Miss F. von Staden, trustee;
Mrs. D. de Lano, a member, and Master
Clarence de Lano, the mascot of the par
lor, have returned to this city after a
month's vacation at Camp Taylor. Miss
E. Schwartz, past president of tho par
lor has for the past three months been
at Larkspur with her parents.
Grand President Ema Gett recently vis
ited Son Jose 1'arlor No. SI, Vendome No.
1W El Pajaro No. 05, La. PaJoina No. lit!
and Copa de Oro No. 105. She reports
these all In good condition and expresses
much :>!easure at the cordial reception
received everywhere she went.
I Geneva Parlor of Comanche gave its
second annual ball at that place on the
nipht <jf last Friday.
The new parlor at St. Helena will be
instituted by Grand President Sirs. Gett
on the night' of ihe 31st tnst. It will be
known as La Carita No. 119.
The following named during the past
week railed at the office of Ciraqd Secre
tary Miss Laura J. Frakes: Amanda
Hammerlv of Oakland, grand marshal;
Lena Hilke Mills of Stockton, past grand
president; Mamie C. Ryan of Merced,
grand trustee: Mrs. C. M. Kelly. Mrs.
Helen Kelly an-i Mrs. B. F. Taylor of Ur
sula Parlor. Jackson; Sophie Johnston
and Ml«i Ruby Johnston. Miss Florence
Tarr and Mrs. C. P. Vinclnl of Amapola
I'iirlor. Hulter Creek; Mrs. Delia Shine of
Dardanelle Parlor. Sonora: Miss Mae B.
Vk'ilkfns of Santa Cruz Parlor, past grand
president; and Mrs. Nellie Barry O'Brien
of Pinole Parlor. Pinole.
Foresters of America.
Court Aurora gave Its annual banquet
last night. There was a large gathering
of the members, an excellent supper ajid
many Interesting responses to toasts,
also instrumental and vocal music.
Sir.ce the 31st of January, John J. Tur
ry. chief ranger of Court Independence,
has to his credit thirty-six candidates In
troduced and initiated by him.
Court Golden Era on the night of the
ISth Inst. gave an entertainment to Its
friends in the social hall of tho Alcazar.
The programme Included a trio by Mazle
Daly, Jossle Conoley and May Eggleston;
club swinging by J. Lenner; toe dancing
by J. Price; piano solo, Miss Devitt, and
vocal solo, J. Fritz. Then followed danc
ing under direction of Floor Manager
Gill.
Court Llvermore of Llvermore mourns
the loss of itp for many years financial
secretary. A. M. Hupers. who died last
Monday after, an iiiness of a wec-k.
The live hundredth Jubilee meeting of
Court Seal Rock was celebrated last
Thursday by a banquet in a Broadway
dining hall. There were present a goodly
number of the members, who all enjoyed
a fine Italian supper. Dr. Charles M.
Troppmann. chief ranser, was the toast
master, and after he had called attention
to the fact that the gavpl h;ixl fallen BOO
times in the history- of the court to call
the court together in order that the chief
ranger be saluted, to remind the brothers
of their obligation to protect the widows
and orphans and to carry out the prin
ciples of liberty, unity, benevolence and
concord, lie called upon a number of those
present for responses to toasts. Charles
A Johnstone responded to "Court Seal
Hock"; Dr. A. Glover to "The Grand
Cxjurt"; James Dunn to "Tho Five Hun
dredth Anniversary": E. W. Jakobs to
"Sports": A. Roberts to "Young Mem
bers"; Ed Coffaney to "The Ladies." and
Dr. Troppmann to "The Inner Man." The
menu card was enriched with a number
THE PROTECTED AND THE UNPROTECTED HOME SYMBOLICAL OF THE A- 0. U. W.
TamaJpais Grove at Ban Rafael. They
will then go on to Novato, Nlcaslo, Olema
and Bolinas to visit the groves.
Noble Grand Arch Henry Lange and
Grand Secretary John M. Graves have re
turned from a series of visitations. They
visited Tomales Grove at Tomales, Fred
erick Seig Grove at Occidental, Dante
Grove at Duncans Mills, Guerneville and
Ottavl groves at Guerneville and Verdi
Guiseppi and Fitch groves at Healdsburg.
Vordl Guiseppi Grove Initiated one candi
date and Fitch Grove initiated six candi
ditt^s and received two applications. The
new officers were Installed that night. The
following night these groves met Jointly
with Petaluma and Cypress groves at
Petaluma. Cypress Grove initiated four
and received two applications. The cere
monies were followed by a banquet at the
City Hotel in honor of the grand officers.
Cypress Grove had a successful picnic on
the 19th inst. Ths grand officers report all
these groves In a prosperous condition.
The Rebekalis.
T.n*t Monday niffht members of \Val
fcalla Lodge of the Rebekahs tendered a
Burprise to Mrs. R. Gerbes upon her re
turn frcra an extended visit through Ger
mar.y. Those who attended had a very
pleasant time and were greatly entor
te'.ned by the manner In which Mrs.
G«rbes narrated what she saw in her
travels She aJso told of other places she
taw in Europe and in the Eastern States.
X>w'nB tho evening an excellent collation
was served. Amoo? toe party were Mrs.
Becker. Mrs. Joost. Mrs. Hilderbrand.
Mrs. Bochert. Mrs. Schroeder. Mrs. Bar
tholds. Mrs. Suhr, Mrs. Roeber. Mrs. Lo
rer.z Mrs. Knibbe. Mrs. Hufschmidt, the
Misses Ar.na and E^nma Knlbbe. Mrs.
Feyhl ar.d Mrs. Bock.
A*f.er an Interesting business meeting on
the night of the 15th Inst. the members of
Templar Lodge had a social hour under
the direction of the entertainment com
mittee, Winnie M. Dowle, Bess'.e Monroe.
Mary Her.nigrer. G. W. Montelth. Dr.
Frank P. Ashworth and J. P. Magruder.
There was on the programme the follow
ing numbers ; Piano solo, Mrs. Warren;
recitation. M. Turtleson; vocal selections.
Miss Emma Foley; iancy dance, Ray
Kirk; specialties. Professor Johnson;
vocal foIo. Miss Mae Tower, and violin
eolo, Mr. Rowan. The programme was
followed by dancing.
Templar Lodge has arranged for a
(ruessjrg- contest for the evening of the
1st of September, on which occasion prizes
will be awarded. On the night of the loih
cf September this lodge will give an enter
tainment for the benefit of the huspual
fur.d of the Odd Fellows' Orphans' Home
at G!!roy. On that occasion the Stanley
dwarfs will make their first appearance
In this city, and there will be a number
cf interesting features. A* this is a de
serving object the members of the lodge
will exert them&elves to the utmost to
make the afTair a great success. It will
be under the direction- of the entertain
ment committee., whose names are given
In the preceding paragraph.
On the r.ieht of the l£,th inst. Ajnity
Rebekah Lodge, which la now the pro
gressive local lodge, gave a party to its
friends In ite hall. It was well attended,
and from the' loud and prolonged ap
plause which followed each number it
¦was apparent that the audience was well
pleased with the programme, which was
jnade up of a piano eoIo by Fannie Igo
vocal eolo, Mrs. M .Johnson: Irish dance to
the Irish pipes of McCarthy. Mjfs M Ski -
ney Smith; cornet boio, Cecil Klein; reci
tation, J. Ludlow, and song and dance
Hiss M. Hayes. Th* function was con
ducted under the aiiection of Ida M
Allen. Arthur Styche and Sarah m"
Thompson. The entertainment closed wiwi
dancing. The lodge at its mating las
right had six candidates to Initiate.
Last Monday night Loyal Rebekah
Lodge gave the first of a Furies r>t open
meetings to be i?iven in the lodgomom on
the third Monday of rach month. As
usual at open meetings of this very popu
lar lodge, there was a good attendance
that was entertained with a short j>ro-
BTamme In which Annie Erickson, Off
trude Bluxome and others took part. The
function, which closed with dancing, was
under the supervision of Jennie Wright,
Emma IJrauer and Mrs. Daniels.
The cascarone party given by Jubilee
Ro-be-kan Lodge was well attended last
Tuesday night. Just before the .lance
th*«-e v:b.k a programme that included a
piano solo bv Miss S. Callender; hone
paying. J. C. Irvine: recitation. Miss May
McCarthy, and vocal selections by a ouin"
t*>t Miryes Pauline and Bella Lezlise,
Misses N. and S. Bind and Mrs. W. Nevin.
At the close of the programme the grand
rnerrh was led by Miss Mae Short and
Will Harvey, and during the dancing that
followed there was a bombardment of
heads with cascarones and a covering of
Individual* with varicoiored paper.
Oriental R^b^kah Lodge on last Wednes
day initiated five men, and the 29th will
have an open xneetinp. free for all.
I -a Ft evening Mission Rehekah Lodge
ter.ScreSi a reception to Apollo and Rr»y
City subordinates In Excelsior Hall. The
reception, which was !n recognition o as-
Firtance by thes* two lodges to Mission
Lo<?r« during Odd Fellows' Jubilee week.
•ws? followed by a banquet.
A number of Rebekahs under the l^ad
rrshin of Major Jack Thompson wlllleave
this morning for a trip to the top of Mount
Tamalpais.
The Elks.
Pan Franrisco IwIro on the Hth Inst.
Jnitfatrd rix candidates. Increasing the
membership to 312. Four applications
were presented. Among those who were
present were: "Jolly" John Nash of
New York Lodge, who entertained with
pongs; Brother O'Brien of Hot Springs
Lodge, who has Just returned from Nome
—with lots of experience: Brothers
Drake. Conrad and Kent, baby Elks, who
told what t*x-y thought of the initiation.
Colonel J. R. Howell and Colonel V. K.
Beck are again taking an active interest
In the work of Ban Francisco Lodge. C.
11. Jackson of this lodge is contemplating
a tour of Europe. India and Egypt. He
1b an enthusiastic archaeologist. Frank
Elme has Just returned from a four
weeks' sojourn at Colma and Ocean View. I
where he visited some of his old com
rades of the Mexican War.
The Pedestrian Annex took a Jaunt Ia«t
Sunday, going to the ocean beach, via
to Oakland Chapter. This chapter is to
have a "tourists' party" on the n;?ht of
the 20th of Sepu mber.
One of the officers of Golden Gat? Chap
ter, who ha* made a very favorable im
pression during the time he haj been in
office, is Florin L. Jones, the worthy pa
tron The mar.nor in which ho ptrrlcrni3
the work of his station has beo.ii the sub
ject of much favorable comment.
The Odd Fellows
The monthly open meeting of Fidelity
Lodge for September, which would fall
on the first Monday next month, has
been suspended. Next Monday the lodge
will have thre« candidates to initiate.
Cosmopolitan Lod^e at its last held
meeting initiated two candidates and will
initiate one more at its meeting on the
•^th a 11. Cousins has b«=on appointed
president and J. H. Segelken secretary
of a committee that is to arrange for the
celebration of the 25th anniversary of
the institution of the lo^ge on the 13th
of next I>«ceniber. J
Bridling Encampment No. S3 was In
stituted at Snelling by Grand Patriarch
Foster, assisted by Past Patriarch Loon
axd and members of San Joaxiuin En
cimpm^nt of Merced.
Grand Secretary Shaw has gone east
on a visit. Before his return he will at
tend the session of the Sovereign Grand
Lo<ige- , t
Grand Patriarch Foster was in Los
Angeles last Friday night. He -will visit
&e follows during September: To San
Lu'.s Obispo on the 11th: Paso Robles,
13th: Healdsburs. 15th: Ban Jose. 17th;
Easita Barbara 2mb; San Buena Ventura,
21st; Riverside, 22d: Pomona, 2M; Pas
adena, 25th. and Azusa on the 27th. Ihe
gr.-r.d patriarch reports the encampments
that he has recently visited as being all
In Sourishinjr condition.
The Eastern Star.
On the evening of the ISth inst. Yerba
Buena Chapter, "the baby of the order."
elected eighteen candidates, who are to
be initiated at the ntxt meeting. On the
following day the officers of this chapter
at a sr^ciiJ meeting Initiated S. Cannell
of California Lodge. F. and A. M.. and his
wife, as they were about to leave the city
that day for an extended tour. The worts
%vajs performed In a manner thai was
highly creditable, considering that the
se\eral oJticers have not yet had time 10
have many drills. This chapter proposes
to become one of the bright ones In this
city.
Last Monday forenoon and afternoon
the worthy grand matron held a school of
Instruction in King Solomon'.-; Hall in the
Masonic Temple for the officers of all the
local chapters. In the evening there was
In the same hall In the presence of about
three hundred and fifty members of the
OTder. Including a larger number of past
gTand and subordinate officers than ever
before assembled to witness the work, an
exemplification of the ritualistic, lluor and
eecret work by the officers of Ivy Chap
ter. This was done in a creditable man
ner.
On the following day the worthy grand
matron left this city to visit the chapters
In Humboldt County. She will visit Eu
reka, Ferndale and Rohnerville.
The assistant grand matron held a
echool of instruction before the officers of
the chapter at Vallejo.
The worthy grand matron will pay a
Tlelt on the nlpht of tta« 6th of September
Companions of the Forest.
Sherwood Circle No. 129 of the Compan
ions of the Forest, A. O. F.. had an out
ing to Woodslde Inn, Mill Valley, Sunday,
the ISth Inst. The members were accom
panied by members of Court Star of the
Mission a'nd all had a delightful time with
games and dancing. Among those pres
__ m „,,,— t
Sacramento Aerie now has a member
ship of 173. Fresno Aerie. has candidates
at every meeting. Golden Gate Aerie has
taken quarters in the Alcazar building.
Vallejo Aerie will on the first meeting
night in September occupy its quarters
in its own hall. It has been fitted up in
an elaborate manner to meet the needs
of the association. At the last held meet
ing six candidates were initiated.
Watsonville Aerie is anxious to secure
a hall for Its exclusive use. Daniel Leddy
is working to that end. The aerie at its
last held meeting elected seven candi
dates.
Woodmen of the World.
Golden Gate Camp at its meeting last
Monday night appointed George J. Strong,
John J. Boyle, Dr. A. D. McLean and
Messrs. Raymour and Brooks a commit
tee to arrange for a first-class banquet
to be given at an t-arly date. Each mem
bor of the camp will receive two tickets
and each will be sent a reply postal card
in order to ascertain how many will at
tend.
Tamalpais Camp at its last held meeting
initiated eleven candidates, and It will
have some more to Initiate at the next
meeting. The camp has secured a first
class quartet, that will render vocal se
lections under good of the order.
Women of Woodcraft. ,
During the recent banner party given
by Redwood Circle In Union-square Hall
there was a vote for the most popular
member of the circle. Mrs. M. Wilder,
the guardian neighbor, was the winner of
the first prize, a gold watch, and the
second prize was won by Mrs. Nellie
Blangy, tho banker. This circle has now
a membership of 157. and from the number
of applications that are being received it
will not be long before the circle will
reach the 200 mark. Last Tuesday night
there were five strangers to initiate.
Masonic
Daniel Lawrence, the well-known "tenor,
whose ewect melodios have charmed
in&ny a Masonic gathering, has been at
I><?1 Monte with Uennett's Band, sinking
with gratifying: success the solo part of
the "Holy <-ity" and other selections, with
accompanimtnts of thr> full band.
of rskits at prominent members of the
court.
Charles Gay, a prominent member of
Court Sutro Heights No. 136 was married
in St. Rose's Church last Sunday night by
Rev. Father Giles to Miss Kate Flaherty.
William Buckley was tho hest man n.nd
Mrs. Daisy Donovan the bridesmaid. After
the wedding there were congratulations
and a gathering of friends in the new
home of the young couple. An enjoyable
evening was passed by all.
—
Ancient Order of Workmen.
The San Francisco extension committee
is actively at work making a tour of visi
tations to tho several lodges of the city,
and in that it is arousing a great deal of
interest. Its visit on the night of the
iSth inst. to Myrtle Lodge was productive
of good, for it aroused a feeling of enthu
siasm in the membership. On the night
of the 21st it paid a visit to a district
meeting of Nee Valley and other lodges,
as already announced in the local columns
of this paper. The president of the
committee, Edwin Danforth. deputy grand
master; Secretary Walter Molloy, a num
ber of district deputies and many strang
ers were present. The evening w«s a
profitable one to all who attended. A
pleasing feature of the evening was the
excellent collation that was served to all
under the direction of Miss Emma, daugh
ter yt District Deputy Lawton. The young
lady showed wonderful ability in provid
ing for the many who were present, and
she had the satisfaction of knowing that
no one left having a word of complaint to
Utter.
"Last Thursday night the members of
the extension committee paid a fraternal
visit to Sts. Johns'. Lodge. They met
with a cordial welcome and an interest
ing meeting followed. There were ad
dresses for the good of thf> order by the
visitors and a great deal of , information
was imparted to the membership.
Prosperity Lodge is "still doing bus
iness at the old stand." Last Tuesday it
took In throe strangers, who were ad
mitted under the ceremonies of the axn
plifled degree.
Franklin Lo<]ge en the night of the 14th
initiated one candidate and received four
applications.
Silver Spray I^odge of the Degree of
the park, boulevard and Corbett road, i
They returned through the, park. This
morning they will leave Elks' Hall at 9
o'clock to k<> to the Sausalito ferry and
make the ascent of Mount Tamalpais.
Salinas l>odpe was instituted last week
by restrict Deputy Grand Exalted Ruler
Gray, assisted by many members of San
Jose I/Odpe. The lodge starts with sixty
charter members and fifteen applications
to t>e acted upon. A fine banquet foi
lowed the institution. Jackson Hatch, on
behalf of San Jose Lod£<\ presented to
th«* r.pw lodgv a Bohemian eut-slass
punchbowl and silver ladle, appropriately
inscribed. Exalted Ruler Crow of the
new lodge accepted the pift- in appro
priate words. There were Elks from San
Krancisco, Oakland and Stockton as vis
itors.
San Jose Lodge Initiated Judge Hy
lands last Wednesday. Since the Initia
tion the Judge, it is said, thoroughly en
joys the '"ballet."' This lodge lias an or
chestra which furnishes music at every
meeting.
The Druids.
Aurora Grove, which for a long time met
in Mission Parlor Hall. will, commencing
next month, meet in tha Druids' Temple
on Folsom street.
The ball that was given In the Druids'
new temple by Olympia Grove was at
tended by more than four hundred per
feons. There were one hundred and nfty
couples in the sjrand march. The aftalr
was under the direction of J. Noonan, as
sited bv Frank Lange. H. G. Armstrong.
S. H. Bowers. H. Drewes and L. Menne.
M.::iz^:itn Grove now has a membership
of 219 in gocd standing, a set of officers
that have mastered the work and render
it in a most admirable manner, and it is
now one of the bright groves of the order
in this city.
Golden Star Grove conferred the second
and third degrees at its last held meet
ins. Modesto Grove admitted one by card.
! elected two candiates and received four
applications. Magnolia Grove of Los An
geHs conferred ihe second and third de
grcps last weok and received two applica
tions. Modesto Grove arranged for a ban
quet at Us next meeting. Columbus Grove
of San Jose rt ports a gain in membership.
The grand officers announce the foilow
ii.g visitations: To Perseverance Grove
next Tuesday, and Wednesday to Mount I
The "Old English Tea Party" given last
Wednesday night in the Pythian Castle
by the membership of Britannia Lodge
No. 7 of the Daughters of St. George was
a most successful affair. Two hundred
and ten ladies and gentlemen partook of
an old-fashioned English supper that had
been prepared under the direction of the
committee of arrangements. The bev
erage that was served was delicious tea,
brewed as only English women know how
to brew It. At the supper, at which Mrs.
L. D. Staples, the chairlady, presided,
that lady made a few remarks calling at
tention to the fact that the party was
given at the same time that the highest
body of the order in the United States
was holding Its session. She stated that
tho order, at this time, has 125 lodpres In
the United States with a large and still
growing membership. After supper there
was a programme that included a vocal
solo by Miss Buffard: recitation. Mrs.
Amsberg: specialties. Mr. "Walters: vocal
solo. Miss L. Palmer; musical selections
on silver bplls. Professor Miller; piano
selections. Miss P. Neal; vocal solo, Mr.
W. Wilson, and character reading, Mrs.
L. T>. Staples. Dancing followed until
midnight. The committee of arrange
ments was composed of Mcsdames L. D.
Staples. Hewitt. Wilts, Creba. Kirkham,
Harrison. Clack. Williams, Jewett, Nel
son,. Cogal and Norrlngton.
Daughters of St. George.
T. J. Mackey, grand chaplain of the
Grand Council. Royal Arcanum of the
State of Nebraska, will address members
of the local arcanum this evening in St.
Luke's Church. He is said to be an elo
quent orator, and the knowledge that he
is to speak has attracted a great deal of
attention In the several councils of the
order In this city.
The Past Presidents* Association gave Its
first entertainment and dar.ee at 305 Lar
kin street last Friday night.
Eoyal Arcanum.
Harmony Lodge will have an agreeable
meeting on the night of the 29th of the
current month. This lodge recently gave
a party that was well attended and was a
delightful affair. It was under the direc
tion of Mesdames Ida Marshal, Clara Day
and Addle Kidd.
Pioneer Lodge at its last held meeting
received several applications, and It is
probable that next Tuesday night there
will be four accepted candidates to ini
tiate. \y
Friends of the Forest.
Young Ladles' Institute No. 7 has had
the following named installed by District
Ijeputy Past President Mrs. J. P. Swee
ney as officers for the current term: Nano
Ma^ioney, past president; Kate Buckley,
president: Jose Shea, first, and Mary
Daly, second vice president: Kittle Burke,
recording, and Celia Young, financial secre
tary; Nellie Horgan, treasurei ; Mrs. Rice,
marshal; Florence Dempsey. organist;
Nano Mahoney, Mrs. George Richardson,
Julia Fitzpatrick. May Morgan and Flor
ence Dempsey, trustees. The ceremonies
were followed by a short entertainment,
and a collation.
Young Ladies' Institute.
At a review several months ago this
tent, desiring to show its appreciation of
•the work performed by the commanding
officers during their respective terms of
office, decided to give to each past com
mander and each future commander upon
the close, of his term a beautiful gold dia
mond-set emblem, to be either a lapel
button, badge or watch charm, according
to the desire of the one who shall receive
it. The ilrst of these was presented to Sir
Knight Henry L. Tickner. senior past com
mander of the tent, he having served as
such in 1S93. It was in the form of a lapel
button. "Tick," a3 the genial past com
mander is popularly called, in expressing
thanks said: "It was awfully slow coming,
but I've lived long enough to pet It. I am
glad I've got it, for it's a beaut.' " A
similar button has been presented to Past
Commander E. H. Stephen. One of these
will be presented once a month until each
past commander shall have received one.
On the night of the 17th inst. San Fran
cisco Tent initiated three strangers, the
work being performed in a very creditable
manner by the degree team, the members
thereof being loudly applauded.
The Maccabees.
The cards arc out for the smoker to bo
Riven in Native Sons' Hall by California
Castle of the Knishts of the Golden Eagle.
This is intended to be a high jinks and
smoker of the higher order and a first
class programme is offered. It promises
to be a very Jolly affair.
Knights of Golden Eagle.
A very pleasant surprise party was
tendered to Mrs. Maude R. Purdie. a
member of San Francisco Temple No.
11 of the Rathbone Sisters, by the
members of that body, on the eve of her
departure for Honolulu. As a further
surprise the members presented her a
beautiful silver Jelly spoon as a token of
their love and esteem. A very pleasant
evening was spcnt'by the following named
who composed the party: Mrs. Maude
Purdie. Mr. and Mrs. Robertson, Mr. and
Mrs. Johnson, Miss Johnson. Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. Brook, Miss Mae Dunn. Mr. Al
Duhem, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Mecredy. Mr.
and Mrs. I. J. Welch. Mr. and Mrs. J. R.
Wear, Mr. and Mrs. I. V. Scholfield, Mrs.
Grace Bray. Miss Helen Robertson. Mrs.
S. P. Daggett. Mrs. Annie C. Terry, Mr.
Al Johnson, Mr. Walte, Mr. W. H. Bod
fish, Mr. E. H. Becker. Mr. George John
son, Mr. Fred Robertson. On the follow
ing day these all went to the steamer
to bid her good by.
San Francisco Temple is arranging for
a social to be given in the near future.
The committee consists of Annie Terry,
Mae Dunn. Drusa Robertson. Clara
Tuska. Slddle Daggett. Ida Brook, W. H.
Bodnsh, Thomas J. Lee. W. J. Tuska. V.
Chloupek and I. V. Scholneld. Some very
unique features are promised for that
evening. *
Rathbone Sisters.
Pacific Lodge has had the following
named installed as its officers for the cur
rent term: Mrs. S. E. Aiken. P. P.: Mrs.
Jennie Dinklage. P.; C. J. Falksteln, V. P.:
C. Atkin, S.; Mrs. E. M. Poole, C; J. C.
Peters, T.: Frances Claudie, G.; Mrs. I. G.
Falkenstein, guard; Mrs. L. Kennlson,
sentinel: C. O'Donnell. captain of the
guard. The installation was followed by
an enjoyable collation.
The local lodges have taken the pre
liminary steps for a proper observation of
the twenty-third anniversary of the found-
Ing of the order next month.
Knights and Xadies of Honor.
C. H. M. Curry Lodge of Monterey is
arranging to hold a celebration in honor
of the anniversary of its Institution.
In October to pay a fraternal visit to Alta
Lodge at Vallejo. Those who go will be
accompanied by members of the lodge In
Napa. Last Monday Yerba Buena Lodge
was visited by Liberty Lodge and ar
rangements were made to go on the ex
cursion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.
35
Latest Events of Fraternal Organizations.
AMUSEMENTS.
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL
223 SUTTER. ABOVE KEARNY.
. TWO FAREWELL RECITALS
Given by
PALOM.A
scHRAmm
Assisted by Her Sister KARLA.
Wednesday Afternoon - - - - August 29
Saturday Afternoon - - - - September I
At 2:30 p. m.
Reserved Seats 50c and 75e.
On Sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO/5 JULL.
TUESDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER <TH.
SONG ReCITTiCiL
BY
MISS CLARA KALISHER, Contralto.
DR. H. J. STEWART at the Piano.
V. . . Reserved Seats, $1.
On sale at Sherman, Clay & Ca's, beginning:
Saturday morning, September 1. at 9 o'clock.
UI^PHFR''^! CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOV/IlCiIi.O Admission 1O<5.
Hadley and Hart. Vic W. Guion. Maud Still.
Brooke Eltrym. ! Eudora Ford*. Little Verna
Felton and New Movlnr Pictures. : .
Reserved Seats, 25c; Matinee, Sunday. .
AMTJSS3LE3ITS.
V.URTA1N RISES AT 8 P. M.
TO-NIGHT "MI&N0N"
A FESTIVAL OF MUSIC TOR
NEXT- - -¦- WEEK
Monday,. Wednesday, Friday and '
Saturday Evening
"ilriBaitoinMascaera."-
FOUR EXTRA PERFORMANCES
of the Enormous Success
i{ T I* " "
Tussday, Thursday, Sunday Nights and
Saturday Matir.ee.
POPULAR QEo « a CAn
prices... 4OC and OUC
Setts an Sals 3er:s Dsjs Ifcati
Telephone Bush 9.
The Most
BEAUTIFUL PAINTING
In the World
Win Be ON EXHIBITION at
926 Market St.,
MONDAY, AUG. 27.
This picture baa be»n sold to WM. TRE-
TVARTHA of Cal. This is th* mate to TV.
Moran Dro-wm's "JUDGMENT OF PARIS" that
was sold to W. O. Wentwortk of Bo«ton for
$100,000.
SOUSA'S BAND and W. Moran Drown' ¦
beautiful painting "JUDGMENT OF PARIS"
are the attraction at the .Mechanic*' Fair this
week. — Boston Globe.
The modal of th« VENU9 In this painting: Is
the PRINCESS CHIMAY. It was sketch-il
in Paris, finished in Boston and shown in San
Francisco for the flrat time.
ADMISS10N~25 CENTS.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, AUG. 26.
CLASSICAL
..OPEN STAKE..
— OF—
112 — NOMINATIONS — 112
BEST RACING HOUNDS IN
AMERICA WTLI. OONTENTX
$1260 -PRIZE MONEY- $1260
Music by Von der Mehden's Band.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Towssend streets at 10:15
a. m.. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m.: Twenty-
flftn and Valencia, streets five minute* later.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after last court*.
Ban Mateo electric can every six minute*.
Admission 25c Toadies Free.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
t EVERY AJrTER^OON AND BVENTNO.
_ ¦ ¦ ¦>" ¦
BABY RUTH ROLAND
I_/\ LISTA
Mirror Dancer.
o-A^ nsfisr o :lt
THE FAT MAN.
SJZABUKY
In His Sensational Hlrh Dire.
ALTA THEATER.
108 GROVE STREET PHONE SOUTH $24.
•FRISCO'S FAMILY THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGKT. Lost Time of
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN."
Prices 10c. 20c. 30o
Next— "EAST L.TNNB."
fe> <5H>T.o r i TOl5 7
,|wa weeks of Racing.
ID £NT£F* T Y J ; sT RyG7!0 I J
Ex Ki bits Carried u Trf.c^
Excursion Ratcsjcrvisltors.
\*/riie for Particulars to
P E J r E ?-J- SWELDS. A.B.SFRECKELS,
SECRETARY. PRESIDENT.
SUTRO Bf\THS.
OPEN NIGHT3.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. t? II p. m.
Bathlnar Frcm 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c
Batclntr, including admission. S3c; cnildrao. JOa.
AMUSEMENTS.
"WEEK COMMENCING
SUNDAY MATINEE. AUGUST 26.
Grand Raiiy of Vaudeville's Strongest Forces
...TROUPE...
Comedv Acrobats.
Direct Prom the Winter Garden. Berlin.
LA VENDER
«"° THOMSON
In an Original Comedy Playlet.
The TOBHsTS
Instrumental Musicians and Vocal Soloists.
In an Entire Change o! -Programme.
LE W HA WKINS
The Monologue Man.
..CAROLINE HU LU.
The Phenomenal Contralto.
ARNIM AND WAGNER
The King and Queen of Operatic Travesty..
MAC ART'S
GREAT ANIMAL SHOW
The Best of Its Kind Ever In 'Frisco.
Final Week.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH!
COMMENCING
MATINEE TO-DAY. SUNDAY, AUG. 26.
Parquet 25c, any seat; balcony. 10c: children,
10c. any part. A few front orchestra rowa
(reserved). 50c; front rows of balcony (re-
served), 23c.
TO -NIGHT" (Sunday),
LAST OF THE
BURTON HOLMES'
LECTURES.
SUBJECT.
"HAWAIIAN ISLANDS".
Maenlflcently Illustrated With Colored Still
and Motion Pictures.
SEATS— 91. 75, ZO and 23 cents.
Beginning TO-MORROW.
Tenth and FAREWELL WEEK of the Season.
CHARLES FROIIMAN Presents
Ar.d a SPECIAL COMPANY
In tho Great Romantic Success,
Hue ami y yjjaY"
1 ill. UliL i s4 Hi
Adapted b7 Freeman "Wills From Charles Dick-
ens' Novel.
"A TALE OF TWO CITIES."
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday
Farewell Performance Next Saturday Night.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3d,
Clay Clement and L. R, Stockwoll
I A Great Obstacle
Adapted From Charles Dickens' and Willtie
Collins' "NO THOROUGHFARE."
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
10.0OO /^BfM&^^i -^00
leet i/l^iryfi 6o ' dis ".
Realistic Srk^y i y w R-« Athletes,
Scenery! 't'i-^j-^-vi^SyJ.^ Etc.!
NIGHTLY
Pain's $1000 Fireworks
OPENS
SATURDAY, SEPT. 1st,
AND FOR
TWO WEEKS THEREAFTER
Excepting Sunday Night. Sept. Id.
Folsom and Sixteenth Sts. Gronnds.
SEATS FOR 10, COO.
Seats and Boxes at Sherman & Clay's
Beginning Next Thursday Morning.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
N EW Q. M&& WW IL1& U PANY
LAST MIGHT "SAPHO"
TO-MORROU T EVENING,
"THE SILVER KING"
WILTON LACK A YE
As the Silver Kins-.
PRICES lOc. 15c. 23c. OOc
A few front rows in orchestra 75c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
TO-NIGHT, LAST TIME. "SAPHO."
TO-.V.ORFi^W;C~^X
SViOIMDAYCOCCXX
LAST
FLORENCE;^^^^:
ROBERTS
BEAUTIFUL _H *i~^.C^*TJ"
PORTRAYAL. I | | I \ /"NTT
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
OLYMPSA cSKK&i.
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN'"
THE CITY.
EIGHTH SERIES OF
PROFE9SOB COniftADI'S
LIV KG STATUARY !
Ths Sensation of the City. - .
KALACRATUS.
America's Most Eminent Novelty Juggler.
BASCO and RICE,
Always Great Favorites.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIOHT EVERY FRIDAY.
JLDMISSION FREE.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDA Y.I AUGUST 2G. 1900.
36
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third Etreets. open
until 12 o'clork every n!grht ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
rcnT Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
TOO Hayes street; ci>en until 9:30 p. n>.
0 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
fJ5 Larkin street; open until 9:20 p. m.
IS41 Mirslcn street; cnen until 10 p. m,
S2C1 Market street corcer Sixteenth; open
v: : . '-¦ ] . m.
y% Elnvrnth street; open v.ntll 9 p. Jn-
I0S£ Valencia street; open until 9 P. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
f;i<-kv Etrwtf; op+n until » p. m.
cacacn services.
TIUNITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sta.
—I'.ev. Frederick W. ClampoU. D. D.. rec-
tor. Morning service aad eermon at 11. Peo-
1 !• 's one hour e<-rvice at 4. Subject of ad-
drees. "The Church and Social Life." Spe-
cial musical senice at 7:45 p. m. You are
cordially invited. Every courtesy shown to
htranfierF.
6T. LUKE'S Episcopal Church, cor. of Van
N>s* ave. 8_r.d Clay st. Holy communion. S
a. m. Morr.lns prayer. 11 o'clock. Evening
tervice, 7:<5 o'clock. Rev. T. J. Mackay, rec-
tor cf Ail £ainti Church, Omaha, will
j reach both moruing and evening.
&T PAUL'S <"hiirch. California et., near F111-
z-.-.ore — 5iev. W. Mu-iweil Reilly. rector; Rev.
A. C. \ViUcn. assistant Holy communion, 7:30
a. ra. Sunday school. t:4£ a. m. Morning
!-• rvice and termon by the rector. 11 a. m.
Monthly choral service. 7:45 p. m.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner of
Geary and Powell ets.— Rev. John Hempblll,
1».D.. pastor. ¦Rill preach at 11 a. m. and 7:45
p. m. Topic, evening, "What Are. You Do-
trs 'With the Light Tou Have Received?"
Sabbath school and Mr. Johnstone'a Bible
class at UH, Christian Endeavor Society
mrcti at 6:23 p. in. Wednesday evening ser-
vice- at S o'clock. Strangers cordially wel-
comed.
HOWARD Fre^yterian Ctnaroh, Oak and Baker
sts.— P.ev. Hugh McKluekty of Irvine, Scot-
land, will rreach at 11 o'clock. Sunday school
at 12:30. Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:45.
At 7:43 the Rev. J. S. Tbomu, «at tor, will
preach on "The Runaways." Wednesday
«-ver ; '.r.g meeting at 7:45. A ceneral invita-
tion is given to all.
AT Central Methofil*t C&lsoopoJ Church, Mls-
Fion Bt., between Sixth and Seventh, Bishop
I>avl<J Hastings Moore preaches at 7:45 ln the
evening and Dr. S. D. HutslnplUer at 11
o'clock, nicrnlng^ on the topic, "Some Great
end Impressive Certainties ln Life and Relig-
ion." Mr. Robert Loyd conducts the music
v.ith chcrus, and Mr. Roll a V. Watt superin-
tends ihe Eunday-school. All people are wel-
corna,
THE Stranrers' Bab bath Home, 64S Howard
street— Hcwaxd Street Methodist Episcopal
Church. John A- B. Wilson. D D., pastor;
H. C. Richardson, M. S.. assistant; residence
by the church; telephone Black C<61. Sunday.
Aupust 16: In the morning, 11 o'clock. Rirht
Reverend Jehri W. 1 La-milt on, D. D.. LL. D.,
cur resident Bishop, will open his commis-
Flon on the coast and preach his first sermon.
fjx-clal music— Anthem. "Sweet Is Thy
Mercy" <3!e.rnby); offertory, eoprauo solo,
"Just For To-day" (Adams), runs by Miss M.
L. Morgan: Miss Flora Bollinper is expected
to follow both sermons with appropriate
frorppl f.ongs; 12:30, 8. 6. and Strangers'
J?it.;e Class; 4 p. m.. Gospel Wagon work;
6:30. Great Ep worth League Rally of young
people : 7 :IG p. m.. Bone service, and sermon
by the patter on "The Comprehensive Pre-
sentation." Special music— Anthem, "Wo
PraSre Thee, O Lord" (LJoyfi); offertory duet,
"Hr.ly Father" (Stradella). by Mrs. C. 8.
Mlddletcn and Anson Hilton; 9. After Meet-
:t-.k. Look out for Wednesday night 7:30.
BISHOP J. W. HAMILTON, who is to b« resl-
e*»nt Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal
• hurch In California, has Just arrived and
(rtll { r*-acli in the Simpson Memorial Chnrch.
c-rner cf Hayes and Buchanan sts., on Sun-
day evening at 7:<5 o'clock. Special music by
r large chorus, under the direction of I. E.
H'al;e. The Bf-ats !n this church are free.
All are cordially invited. Momlnsr services at
11 "'clock. Rev. John Stephens, pastor.
FIHST Divine Science Church— II. E. Cramer,
pastor, meets at Home College, S360 Seven-
tf-cnth Et.. b*-twe«»n Valencia and Mission, at
11 «. m. e*«i/ Sunday. Bubject of discourse,
"Revelation-" Fun-lay school at 10 a. m.
CHURCH of Jppus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
— Service" *>v«ry Sunday at 11 a. m. and 7:43
p. m.. at Pythian Hall. 909 Market st. Sub-
ject <rf evfninfr serm<m. "True Charity."
rrea^h^d by Pres. E. H. Njre. All welcome. >
N«» collections.
DXVTOE services will be held New Tear's day
pud Kay of Atonement at the lanre opera hall,
cor. Grove and Loguna rts., by Rev. M. M.
Gotdin: tickets can be had at the above hall
every Sunday at 10-12 m. and 2-4 p. m.; also
W< Buchanan et; tickets 11 and $160.
FIRFT Mental Science Temple — Meets at U
«. m. In Golden Gate JTall. Address by Mrs.
Oara Foltz. Public invited. Free.
lU'DDHlST Minion. S07 Polk St.— Service* at
2 p. m. R.ev. P. F-inoda will preach on "The
Secret of Buddhism." Every one welcome.
"Study on Buddhism," Wednesday, 8 p. m.
Fr<--<> seats.
THEOSnpmCAL Society-Public meetings
every Sunday fvnlnp at S o'clock ln Theo-
sophiral Hall. Odd Fellows' building, corner
St-vt-nth and Market Bts. To-night, "Man's
Ascent." by Mr. Will C. Bailey. Golden
chain for children at 11 a. in.
MEETINGS SCVDAY.
A— TO-KIGHT, "The Open Door;" words of
c.mfort End ¦access to all. by Dr. Turman,
Golden Gate Hall (main hall). Sutter St.. bet.
Maton and Taylor. The sick piven free trial
treatment: "personal magnet lem" <Jemon-
ttraved. Recitation, "The Ladv Claire," by
Miss \>ra fcleOord of Emerson College of
Oratory, Boston. Music— Choice selections by
Occidental orchestra at 7:2i) sharp. Seats free;
no collection. All are welcome.
PR. J. DEPBW KERGAN continues his lectur*
on the "Philosophy of Vibratory Energy" this
eveninR. & o'clock, at Crystal Hall. Pythian
Castle. SOJ Market Gt.. followed by a maRnlfl-
fnt eerlee of views of Venice, the "Bride of
the Pea_" Thr«=e attending may procure free
tlckt-ts to the X-ray exhibition at the Sani-
tHrtum. corner of Market and Mason Et».,
r.ext Tufs--<iay evening-. Seats free. No coll.
A— nit. RINE'S epiritual society, 909 Mar-
ket. 11 free, 2-8 p. ra. 10c; Mrs. Lester. J. R.
Little, Amhold: test* 11; anniversary Sept S;
a pood programme; free to all; collection.
DR. LASSWELts mental science healer and
teacher; meetings ever}' day except 6unda.r.
fmm 1! to 1 o'clock; free to all; classes
formed monthly. 14 McAllister St., room 17.
FViRWAUD Movement meetings. Metropolitan
T. nirle. Ke-: t. 3. 4. 5. € and 7. at & p. m.
This w<-ek Pythian Ca«tle, >CS Market. 2 and*.
ODD FELLOWS' Hall to-nipbt; Mrs. R. S. 141-
lle, lecture; Mrs. J. J. Whitney, platform
t^fts; J. T. Lillie, music; admission 10c
MRS. EBERHARDrB spiritual test meeting
to-r.!gfct. 2250 Z.4, cor. Bartlett; read, dally.
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay— Circle to-night.
8; consultations dally; mining a specialty.
MRS. VIGAKF, teft meeting to-night, 10c 14S
Sixth Ft., room 7; «-ittinss daily.
ELSIE REYNOLDS' last materlallzlcr. I P-
m. Sunday. 117 Ellis et: EOc
MKi:TI.V«S Inlvenal Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society. 819 Market Bt— Lec-
ture to-r.i«hi, "Karma." by Mrs. N. N. 80m-
<-r?; International Brotherhood League, 1st
an.*, id Tuesday nights.
TUE inill CA L I^gJlTUTK^
THE Kthical Institute— Derjamin Fay MiUiC
the tfistinsrulfihed liberal thinker and orator,
will lecture to-r.igfct, 7:45. at Metropolitan
Temple, Firth ft.; subject. "Tbe World to
dime." Lqv.pt floor reserved; gallery free.
MEETING XOTICES.
nobles~~6f '~ th: e~mtstic~^> \^**r0
6H&XKB and ladies who con- KC«?>5^
template mak'.nir the pilirrim- r^W^ .
a»*e to the Hawaiian Islands - *^rf?r>v^
in Octobtr should attend the ./SffiSEA
illustrated lecture tjn "THE lv~^W
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS" at the If }J
Columbia Theater THIS (SUN- Jf
DAY) EVENIXO at *:30 o'clock.
. Hil*^ T ' GRAVES. Recorder.
FIDELITY Lodce No. 221, I. O ISawZT"
O. F.— Initiation TO-MORROW jr?¥£$tj!h-
(MONDAY) EVENING. Tl: rtre S^d^SS
candidates. All members are re- *^3P*&^
quefcted to be present, as tickets for the an-
niversary banquet will b« distributed
C. F. PHILLIPS, S L 01^'"- °-
PARKKR Lodge No. 124. I. O. O
F.— Initiation TfEFDAY EVBNr
ING, Aur.H 2*. IJK». '
V. F. NOrtTHP-OP. X. Q. "iV"*®*"
PnN'IEL camp meeting. Beulah Park. East
Oakland, Bei>t I to Sept. 16.
STOCKHOLDERS' me«ing-Th<i California
Drydock Company.— Notice is hereby given
that a meeting of the stockholders or the The '
California Drydock Company will be held at
the office of 6aid company. So. 802 California
Hreet, San Francisco. California, on THURS-
DAY, August 30. 1S0O, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m. of that day, for the purpose of deter-
mining whether eaid corporation »na!l be dis-
solved, end of votinj upon a proposition to
tfifpolve the corporation, ana for the trans-
action of Fuch other business as may com*
before the meeting. By order of the board of
directors. W. F. RUSSELL
Secretary The California Drydoek Company,
I1P5— MEMBERS of Argonaut Council 537, it.
A, and visiting brothers, assemble at St.
Luke's Episcopal Church. Van Ness ave. and
Clay st. THIS (SUNDAY) EVENING, at
7:30 and listen to address by Rev. T. J.
Maokey, Grand Chaplain of Nebraska l'.oyaj
Arcanum. By order of Resrent.
GEO. W. DIXON, Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able, better and easier to sell than books?
Address F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott bldg.
AG ENTS & street men— Our Universal Button
& Fastener; sells at sight; man, woman &
child wear them; samples 60. St. Louis But-
ton Co.. St. Louis. -Mo.
$1500 CAN be made during campaign season
celling our campaign ties; greatest nellers
ever Introduced; territory going; write Imme-
diately; full line white and fancy rubber col-
lars; enclose stamp. Dept. C. M. & M. Mfg.
Co.. Springfield, Mass. '
TRAVELER experienced ln dry goods, carpets.
etc; commission; half expenses advanced; a
first-class man only; references. Box 1914,
Call office.
AGENTS of ability and experience in life insur-
ance. Call at room 101. S37 Market, cor. Sixth.
WE handle newest novelties for agents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 8461 18th st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
ASTROLOGY.
MME. HICKEY, astrologist; get your horoscope
with full explanation of your future, 50c; card
reading and palmistry. 25c. 1933 Mlgsion st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty, private;
no fee without FUccens; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market. cor.Stockton.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING. 927 Market St.. r.
€27; all cases and collections; money loaned.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market Ft, opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
CUSTER. HERMAN J.. attorney, S27 Market
, St., r. r2o; open eve.. 7-9; consultation free.
BATH CAUINETS.
ROBINSON $5, 4-panel folding; door opens; firm
and safe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt, 426 Ellis.
BOARDING FOR , CHILDREN.
FAMILY without children wishes a child to
board; good home and care. 132 14th Bt.
WIDOW wanta small child to board. 36S Fell
street.
BONDS FOR SALE.
I OFFER the following gilt-edge bondB, subject
to sale, at prices netting from 4 1 *. to SVi per
cent:
$450.000— Sioux City Traction Co. first mort-
gage 5 per cent gold bunds.
$300,000— SnoQualmie Falls Power Co., Seat-
tle Wash., first mortgage 6 per cent bonds.
$200.000— Chicago Suburban Water and Light
Co. first mortgage 5 per cent bonds.
$S5,0G0>— City of Chicago 6 per cent improve-
ment bonds; denominations $100 and $1000.
$75,000 — T&coma, Wash., gold funding 5 per
cent bonds.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX,
Heal Estate and Financial Agent,
328 Montgomery it
BUSINESS CHANCES.
MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market st, room L Tel. Black ,180*.
All kinds of businesses; theee are samples:
Cigar store; rent $16; nice; central $150
Branch bakery, candy and notions 300
Restaurant; clears $150; 4 living rooms S50
Fruit store, cigars, etc.; rent $30; paying.. 400.
Dellc&test-en; clears $125; 4 living rooms.. 4D0
Dining-room; first class: all new 600
Wine business; 3000 gallons on hand COO
Stationery store; especially nice for lady.. 1100
Grocery and bar, $250, $1300 and 1S0O
Book store; big etock; clears $200 month 2.'>00
Saloons. $Su0, $850 and 500
SALOON, $500; country town; good business;
sick; principal street M. Grifiln, 718 Market.
$300 — PARTNER wanted; respeetaWe offlce
business; established lor years; good returns
for little work. LANE & CO.. S65 Market st.
$225— BREAD, milk, candy, notions, stationery,
etc; near schools; good stock; fine business;
nice rms.; cheap rent Lane & Co., £65 Mkt
$1100 — DELICACY store; receipts $30 day; good
stock; choice location; living rooms; an ex-
ceptional bargain. LANE & CO., 885 Market
$60ft— GOOD home bakery and lodging house of
17 rooms: housekeeping; full; fine location; or
ceil separately. LANE Ac CO.. S65 Market.
{500— LADIES' tailoring and dressmaking busi-
ness; retiring cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777H Market gt
$150— RESTAURANT; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN* & CO.. 777*» Market st.
$1600— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain; this
day. McLAUGHLIN & CO., TUV, Market st
IVfd — SHOE store; near city; making and re-
palring. McLAUGHLIN & CO., mhj Market.
$450— BUTCHER ehop; near city; paying busi-
ness: rlckness cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777H Market st '
$~5 — GROCERY and bar; good location. $3000—
grocery and bar; worth Investigation. $1550—
Restaurant, country' town; profits $2000 7 yrs.
KREDO & DUTTON. 38 Geary st. _^
$3500— SALOON: best on Market et. ; paying $300
por month: nothing better. KREDO & DUT-
TON. 36 Geary st
$300— BRANCH bakery and notions ; 3 nice
rooms; rents $18; $10 dally. KREDO & DUT-
TON, 36 Geary st.
A — CANDY and Ice cream parlor; a money
maker; see it at once. COWING, 719 Market
A — PALOON; heart city; must sell; sickness;
big bargain. COWING, 719 Market St.
A — CIGAR store; heart of city; for one-half Its
value; call Monday. COWING, 719 Market at
LUNCH house; choice bargain; call Boon to
get it. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
SPECULATORS— ATTENTION! — -
$100 Invested in grain or stocks by my "Safe
investment Plan" may make you Independent
for life; send for free particulars; successful
customers and financial references. Stephen A.
demons, broker. Old Colony bldg., Chicago.
$5000 CASH, or Its equivalent, buys a paying
flret-class hardware business in a growing
town within 20 miles of San Francisco: stock
new and complete; sales showing a daily pro-
fit of $25. Address THOMPSON. 1215 Call big.
MUST be sold; 450 fowls, 5 brooders, 2 incuba-
tors, brooder house, netting; Implements,
etc; rent $10: lease; fruit pays rent. NIEL-
SEN'S Grocery. Dimond P. O.. Fruitvale.
$10,000 ADDITIONAL capital wanted to extend
established business; have monopoly ln Cali-
fornia and Arizona of fast selling staple ar-
ticle. Address box 4003, Call office.
DRUG store, one of the best paying ln the
city; leading thoroughfare; good stock; capi-
• tal required $4000: principals only. Partlcu-
lars box 4027. Call offlce.
BUTCHER business ln lively country town for
sale or exchange; eacrice if sold at once. For
particulars apply to F. SCHOETTLER, 829
Kearny Ft,
$1100— SALOON: excellent location; south Mar-
ket; handsome place; must sell. Dx 4022, Call.
GOOD business chance for lady or gentleman
¦with small capital. Room 2, 1206 Market »t
WANTED — Grocery and bar or delicacy store;
muet be cheap. Answer box 4012, Call offlce.
HOME bakery, with portable oven; suitable for
man or lady. 3252 Mission st
$500 WILL buy an interest in a placer mine.
Address box 1926, Call offlce.
$60^0— BUSINESS for 6aie; pays $500 per month.
Box 4D24. Call offlce.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale; location
one of the best ln the city; bargain; estab-
lished 15 years; rent cheap. For particulars
call at room 437, fourth floor, Parrott build-
lnc, San Francisco.
$2500 — COAL and feed yard and express busi-
ness; 4 horses and S wagons; good building;
living rooms; long lease; excellent chance;
good location. 2SS5 Sixteenth Bt.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location: place is entirely covered; contains 3
stalls: rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM
HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call building. '
FINE bakery and restaurant; established
»rad>; for rule, at reasonable price; selling on
account of illness. 714 Valencia st .
NEWLY furnished, 9 rooms; permanent room-
ers; rent reasonable; good reason for selling.
Address box 1690. Call offlce.
STALLS to let suitable for a live groceryman.
See superintendent Union Square Market
OYSTER and chop house for sale cheap on ac-
oount of sickness. • Inquire at 6 Eighth st
FOR BALE— Country shoo ehop. For particu-
lars acply 209 Mason st
STATIONERY store, $700; no agents. BoVum!
Call office. .,:;,.>
GOOD grocery and saloon for sale; no trlflers
need apply. Box 1681. Call.
$250— FINE corner saloon for sale. 1118 Hani-
Bon Bt.. comer, Langton.
WANTED— To buy stationery store for cash.
Box I679, Call. ,
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL Sl CO.. 412 Sacramento st
BALOON and cafe, centrally located: great op-
portunity for live man; must be seen to be
appreciated. Address box 19S1, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
HOUSES— FROM 6 TO 250 ROOMS.
Prices from $150 to $10,000.
8 rooms; only $165
11 rooms; in payments 550
21 rooms; on Eddy st 630
CO rooms; new; clears $400.. 3000
26 rooms: fine corner; clears $200 1700
80-room house; clears S300 1700
16 rooms; tine corner; clears $100... 1000
12 rooms; on Pest St.; half payments ffj
40-room house on Powell st... 2509
10 rooms; new; elegant furniture 550
S-room flat: downtown.. 400
DECKER, 1020 Market st; phone Mint 796.
LIST YOUR HOUSES WITH ME. I HAVE
BUYERS WAITING WITH CASH. H. C.
DECKER, 1020 Market et.
~~ MARION GRIFFIN. ~~
719 Market st. room No. 1. Tel. Black 1803.
104 rooms.elegant. No. 1. flrst-class..... $10,000
65 rooms, sunny cor., full, pays well.... 5.000
63 rooms, central, clears J150 month 3.500
44 rooms, clean, new, full, part cash.... 3,000
36 rooms, transient cor. down town 1.S00
19 rooms, central, full and profitable — 700
14 rooms, full of men roomers, bargain. 450
10 rooms, 4f,0, 600, S00, 375, 650, 900 200
Dozens more; come and find out about them.
I have cash buyers. List your house with me.
IS ROOMS newly furnished; must sell $S0O
10-room flat; rent $32 50; hargain 353
! C. D. DAVIS, room C9, 916 Market st.
48 ROOMS; mortgaged; only $600 cash $2400
•63 rooms: finest house ln city; ?33C0; suit nice
family. C. D. DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market at.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned; to buy or sell your lodg-
ing house or furniture and secure satisfaction
write or call SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917
Market St., above Fifth; tel. Mint 131L
j A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central — '...$1000
I 11-room house; $300 down, balance easy... 500
I 20-room house; nrst-class 1050
30-room house; all newly furnished 3100
I 11-room house, 1475. 6-room flat 325
j FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st.
18 ROOMS on Golden Gate ave $1000
8 rooms down town: new furniture 550
36 rooms on Market st. at a bargain.
11 rooms on O'Farrell 450
20 room« down town G00
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy at. room 1.
$1800 WILL buy 22-roomed house: good loca-
tion; north Mkt. EMERY & SMITH, 3 Eddy.
$300—17 ROOMS; rent $30; $200 down, balance in-
staliments. 2S»A Clay st.
CAKIUAGES AND WAGONS.
$75 FOR coal or express or two-horse wapon;
good for 2 tons. Apply 1300 Florida St.,
corner Twenty-fifth. j
ALL kinds of wasons, busrples. carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EQAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping -wagon, for sale cheap. P32 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
neFs, work &¦ driving horses, l.'th & Valencia.
I — — m— — p— —^ww— mmmmi — —^ »—^ wmm m^m^
CAMPAIGN I'HOTO IllTTOXS.
MF'Y of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retRll; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market Pt.. S. F.
CAKPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 4J.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
. CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
j STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN"S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone Kast 12fi.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CHOICE modern cottage, 3 rooms. J7; 289 Par-
ker ave,, Richmond. Apply G. H. UMBSEN
&. CO. *
SUNNY cottage, 212'/4 Perry st. ; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st.
3 ROOMS: $7; 340 Punnyside ave.. or will sell.
$50 cash. $10 per month. THE MCCARTHY
CO., 646 Market nt I
DORE. 225. near Sth— Rear cottage, 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms; folding bed. *
WOOD, 170. off Point Lobos. near Masonic ave.
— Nice modern cottage; large grounds.
4 SUNNY rooms and yard, $10. 6 Rlncon ave.,
key 623 Second st.
$5 — HOUSE, 4 rooms; worth $12: ln city, near
Holly Park. Apply 54 Sliver St.. off Third.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life;
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed., Frl.
eve's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
513 Eddy. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
HAVE WATSON read your hand; correct to
life; occult medium; 2Sc and EOc; lucky and
true. 15S1 Market st, near Twelfth.
MRS. HARRISON, medium— Readings dally; I
circle Tue.. Thur.. Sun. eve.; 10c. 858 Mission.
MME. MARQUISE. 5 Hyde st, holds circle to-
nlght at 8; 10c; messages from bplrlt friends.
MRS. LESTER— Circle this evening, 8 o'clock,
10c; sittings dally, 50c. 127 Turk st
MATCHETT holds circles every night this
week. 132 Fourth st.; test to all.
MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth St., circle to-day. 2 &
8 p. m. ; 10c; sittings daily; G., $1; L., 50c.
GO to WATSON, spiritual medium and palmist;
lucky and true; 25c, 50c. 15S1 Market, nr. 12th.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit, dally; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncurtained years ahead; happiness and suc-
cess go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where
euccess is possible were it not for a lack of
foresight into the future. If you are in
trouble of any kind, discontented, unhappy
or not satisfied in life, consult ISMAR, for
she is a prophetess of world-wide fame, and
her name has become a proverb In thousands
of homes made happy by her aid and advice
ISMAR can be cousulted daily from 10 a. m
to 5 p. m. at her offlce, 114S Market st. op-
posite Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight
diagnoses disease with life readings; ladles 50c
gents $1; palm. & clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. RENNER. 128 Fern ave., bet. Sutter and
Bush, nr. Polk: planet reader; ladles only 23c.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st, room 14.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 11. 6th; German spokn.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader-
gittlnga dally. 212^ Sixth st
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant; fee 25c ud
345^. Minna st. near Fifth. * .
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium and
healer; satisfaction guaranteed. 132 6th, r. 1.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palmist
and card render; 25c 7 Seventh St.: no sign.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICEsT"
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No~chargT un-
less successful. Room 310, S27 Market st.
DENTISTS. ~~
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth :
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to 2 i
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager. '
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work- all
wcrk warranted; plates, full set, $5; fillings
DOc; crown. $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 6th. •
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges '
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painlesB method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices •
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants. <
DR. GEORGE! W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work is -
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest: call ]
and see our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references: 1 examina-
tion free. DRS. PERKINS & DOVEY 1019
Market Et, bet Sixth and Seventh: elevator. •
TEETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns. $3 50- !
bridgework. $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. G. O.
DR. LUDLUM HILL; 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
-.' -No charge for extracting when plates are ¦
made : old plates made over like new : teeth "<
from $S per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
DENTISTS. j
DR. ALBERT HILL. 850 Market, cor. Stockton?
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth wltho.'i
plates; lowest prices for best work. £
PARIS Dental Parlor. "235 Kearny, cor. Bushl?
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 2Sf,
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sui5»
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth. £
SET. of teeth without plate. DR. H. (£
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. «X
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S D^gTjMpTu^P^sTTFlllmor^';
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; aV!
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel West 6313
DK. CREELY'SC. P. mange cure and worm pill?
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av^
i 1 ** 311 ® AND SKAMSTltKSSEg
McDOWELL Dressmaking and MUllnertf
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
s - P. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 4U Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 p ost , over O'Connor&Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES 1 Business Coilege?~7lS~Ml^t~sT!71i£s
scholarship, $50; includes shorthand, typing,
liookkepplng, telegraphy; day and evening:
iust added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
?"<* classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
, SlS^r^b'Fl'rreTs? 1 '^ 1 ' 1 ' *' ACt ' n *'
ART— Lessons in drawing, painting and fire
etching; art objects, burnt wood, leather, etc.,
for sale. Artists' Exchange. 572 McAllister st.,
near \ an Ness ave.; OLIVIA KINGSLAND.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; If you want to
learn in a limited time take private* lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
IsELL. room 53. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR. expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, <-lec. mining., mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
y»ar got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUS1-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dolin lessons, 50c. W. p. Chambers, 204 Sutter.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. : founded 1863; 80-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln-
All branches: thorough; positions secured.
' GENTLEMAN wants French lessons; native
preferred; state terms. Box 4001. Call.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Lfclpslc: lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNK Art and Craft School; modellne.
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn. ; domeEtio serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. S06 l ,i Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 41U4 O'Farrell gt. ; tel. East 4?6.
EMI'LOVME.VT WANTED FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE lady companion to tlderly
lady or housekeeper for one to three persona;
elderly preferred: neat and economical; small
wages. Address box 4008, Call offlce.
GERMAN woman wishes to work by the day;
washing and Ironing. Please call 1331 Pacific
st, downstairs.
A SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes a position; '
is a nrst-class cook; best of city reference;
wages $35; city or country. 33514 Third st
AN American woman wants any kind of work \
by the day; references. 110 Sixth st.
AN experienced girl wishes second Work. wait-
Ing, chamber work or sewing; reference. 448
Dolores st, near Twenty-second.
WANTED, by young woman of education and
refinement, position as companion; good
reader: good disposition; no objection to leav-
ing city; wages moderate. Box 1931, Call.
LADY would like a position to do general
housework; nationality Holland Dutch. Ad-
dress «07 Bryant St., near Seventh.
A RESPONSIBLE woman wants any kind of
work by the day or half day. Address 715A
Post st
WIDOW with 11-year-old child desires position
as housekeeper; 2 years' references; country
preferred. 2S6 Shipley st, near Sixth.
WANTED— By a well-educated and refined
young lady a position as secretary or compan-
ion. Box 4110. Call offlce.
ELDERLY lady wishes situation to assist in
light housework; small pay. 29 Eddy st,
room 24, first floor.
RELIABLE young woman wishes position to do
light housework with 2 or 3 adults; moderate
wages; no postals; references. Call 650 Na-
toma Et.
DRESSMAKER, flrst-class; perfection in flt-
tlng and trimming; costumes remodeled; lat-
est styles; tl 25 per day. Address Modiste,
box 4019, Call offlce.
A YOUNG German woman desires work by the
day -In private families. Add. box 4017. Call.
A WOMAN wishes to do housework by the day
and go home at night; work for small wages.
617 Howard st., room 13.
A NEAT young girl wants position In a small
family to assist ln housework; sleep home.
130 Converse st.
WASHING, ironing and house cleaning wanted
by an American woman; work first class. Box
4023. Call offlce.
WHO wants work done by young woman with
good business training about to travel East?
Box 4029. Call offlce.
FRENCH lady speaking five languages desires
to travel with party. Box 4023, Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
S21 Mission st.. room 1.
POSITION as working housekeeper or cook ln
mining camp. Address MISS STEVENS. 615
Larkin st.
RESPECTABLE woman with a child desires
situation as working housekeeper ln small
family; city or country; good manager. 616
Capp at.
FRENCH-AMERICAN girl would like position
as chambermaid or light upstairs work; la a
good sewer. A. S.. 3260 Twenty-second st.
WANTED — A position by a respectable woman
short time from East; Is good, plain cook and
neat worker. Call 35 Fifth st.
A GOOD washer and ironer wants family wash-
lng to do at home. Call 511 McAllister st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes general house-
work and cooking; wages $18 to $20. Apply 426
Cedar ave.
WANTED-By middle-aged American lady,
position as housekeeper ln small family. Call
at 112 Jones st
WOMAN wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 116 Sixth Bt., room 1.
AN experienced and competent housekeeper
desires position in respectable family; refer-
enepg. M. E., box 1C92, Call office.
GOOD laundress wants work by the day; is
good house waiter; city references. Box 1698,
. Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket;* 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — -MALES.
STEADY, reliable young man, . understands the
care of horses, desires a position as coach-
man or gardener: city or country; references.
C. R. C. box 4611. Call ofllce.
YOUNG man wants situation ; understands
horses, cows and garden; reference. Address
214 Third st. room 36. ¦ , .
RELIABLE married man of 35, German. wantB
a position of any kind in offlce or wholesale
House: would work fpr very low wages; can
give bonds and references. Box 4004. Call.
CARPENTER and millwright; young, practi-
cal, all-round mechanic; city or country;
tlrat-claBs references. Box 4011, Call ' offlce.
PORTER, German, young man not - afraid ' of
work, also handy behind - the bar, wishes a
EvSf V*?i er or assistant ¦ barkeeper. Box
4002; Call offlce. -. ¦¦;•-.¦
ATTENDANT masseur, with thorough train-
ing and experience, especially with nervous
and chronic patients and invalids, would ac-
cept Position with private party at home or
abroad; at present employed in prominent
w »»i«^ e ?? r ?, : "^erences. Address A. M.. .
box 2018. Call offlce, , Oakland.
"' A £ T 2!i I> 7;5 mpl £S! n * nt aa Practical - nurse.
Address GEO. ROWE, '2624 Sutter Bt
.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦•¦•¦.¦¦'. \. ! •¦.¦¦:¦'.
J EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
WANTED— Position by a practical landscap
; gardener; job by the day preferred. Addres
box 2017. Call offlce, Oakland. .
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires stead;
position. Address H. KIEHL, 134 Fourth st
New (>r lden Gate Hotel. ;__ _
: WANTED— A position as night watchman; cai
fumisb first-class references. Address C
HARTaAN, 127 Turk st.
GARDENER, married steady man wants posl
tion on private place; take care of horses
run givftollne engine; handy with tools; wlfi
is goo£" housekeeper; best references ; letters
1 R. GARDENER. 20 Clara St.
1 WANTI>5>— By elderly man. position to fee<
1 j Gordorfi press, distribute type and make him
self gifierally useful ln Job printing offlce
; Box lip. Call offlce. .
YOUNG fcolored man wishes situation as por
ter ln Saloon or cooking lunches for bar; bes
references. 50S Chestnut st.
' COACHMAN and first-class horseman; besi
city refs. ; young man; neat appearing; thor-
oughly 'trained. Ad. J. C. box 1927, Call.
BARTENDER— Young man of 21, with somt
knowledge of trade, wishes position as assist-
ant. F. TP.OFFARD. 3260 Twenty-second St.
S YOUNG man, good steady habits, wishes tc
; learn the barber trade; willing to do the por-
ter work. Box 1930. Call offlce.
RELIABLE young man desires to learn th«
undertaking business. Box 1923. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wlshei
1 situation. Box 4001. Call offlce.
I COACHMAN, young Englishman, wants sltua
tlon, or general work or gent's place; best o!
reference. Address box 1693, Call offlce.
BAKER, bread and cakes, wanta position; ex-
perienced; day work desired. 313 . Leaven-
worth st.
FIRST-CLASS dairyman; understands running
separator and making cheese and butter; ex-
¦ perlenced. Address box 1&12, Call offlce.
NEAT, honest German, 20 years old, seeks po-
sition* as p.sslstant bartender. Address 1021
Market st. room 12.
LUM GONG, Chinese first-class cook, wants
position ln boarding-house. Address 744
Washington st.
WANTED— Charge of poultry plant; any ar-
rangements. Address box 16S1, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia nt. '
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justcd. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FIXAXCIAL.
IF vou have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
PERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
A 7-ROOM modern sunny upper flat: central:
rent reasonable : carpets for sale. Address
box 4012, Call offlce.
CALIFORNIA. 2911— Sunny flats of 7 rooms and
bath, with larce basement
CHEAPEST flats in the city; Oak and La-
guna sts.; 7. 8 and 9 rooms; rent reasonable.
__Apply MADISON & BURKE.
CHOICE sunny upper flat, 8 rooms and bath;
northwest corner Scott and Lloyd sts. Ap-
ply G. H. A UMBSEN & CO.
CLEMENTINA, 353, near Fifth-Beautiful new
flat, 6 large sunny rooms; partly carpeted;
CLEAN sunny upper flat, 6 rooms; grand view;
bath; storeroom. HUB Jones, nr. California.
ELEGANT flat, 3 large sunny rooms; latest
Improvements. Key 713 Grove st.
FLAT. 3 new sunny rms., basement; $10 month.
347S 25th st, bet. Mission and Valencia.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma St., between Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT, 4 j sunny rooms near Valencia and Mar-
ket sts.j; $21.50 per month. Box 40O4, Call.
FLAT of 3 rooms; sunny yard; water free; $7.
Apply 524 Fell st.
FLAT to let; 5 rooms and bath. 119 Liberty
street.
HOWARD, 1105— Upper part house, 5 nice sunny
rooms; hot and cold water;, yard; $16 50.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NEW; just completed; lower flat, 7 rooms,
bath, etc.: every Improvement desired; large
front basement Included; north side Geary
Ft., between Larkin and Polk. MADISON &
BURKE.
O'FARRELL. 1281, near Octavia.— $25; modern
flat of 7 rooms and bath. Apply SHAIN-
WALD. BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220 Montgom-
ery st.
POWELL and Chestnut— 3 fine sunny flats,
3, 4 and 6 rooms, bath, each; rent, $12, $14, $22.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of S rooms; sun all
day; rent S12 50.
SUNNY upper flat, 4 rooms. 119 Leavenworth
st., near Turk; owner on premises.
SUNNY flat of 7 rooms and bath. 1226 Sacra-
mento st.
TWO centrally located flats, 4 rooms and bath;
9 Dykeman place, off Mason, near O'Farrell;
rent reasonable. Apply O. H. UMBSEN & CO.
UPPER flat. 6 sunny rooms, bath. 27 Birch
ave.. off Larkin, bet. Grove and Fulton.
' $9— SUNNY 3-room flat. 1328 Jessie st, near
Hermann; key next door.
10 TO 30 DAYS FREE FLATS AND HOUSES.
1890 Fell: f., 10 r $55 53 Tr'm'nt av.; c 6 r.*20
1239 LeaVw'th; f. 9 r 40 215V4 Elm av.; I., 5 r. 15
1694 Page; f., 4 r 20 S50A Jessie; f., 3 r... 9
1338 Webster: f.. 5 r. !5 250 Tehama: f., 5 r.. 10
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
$16 — RAUSCH st ; 2 nice flats, one 6 and one 3
rooms; cheap rent
$22 50— UPPER sunny 6-room flat. 125 Ash ave.,
bet. Polk and Van Ness, near McAllister.
$30 — NEW upper flat, 8 rooms and bath. 2336
Pine st, corner Stelner. -_
FLAT^ TO LET PIRMSHED.
FOR rent and sale — Partially furnished flat of
three rooms; two large connecting rooms and
kitchen, with rear landing; good sink and
stationary washstand and bathtub; north
front; partial view of bay; two fireplaces,
stationary washtubs. Apply Sunday, morn-
Ing between 9 and 11 o'clock at 2056 Jones st,
near Filbert.
GOLDEN GATES ave., 1000, corner Laguna—
Comfortable and very complete furnished flat
of 6 rooms and bath; plenty closets; nice
conservatory; a model home; side bay-win-
dows; Jefferson Park, fronting on Golden
Gate ave.; excellent neighborhood: six
months or longer to good tenant; price $50 per
month or will sell cheap.
FLATS WANTED. ~^
3 OR 4 sunny furnished rooms, suite or flat
north of Market st. ; limit $25. Address D..
box 75, Call offlce.
FURXITURE FOR. SALE.
OAK bedroom set of 6 pieces, $8. 816 Division
St., bet. 17th and ISth, below Folsom; call 5:30
p. m. or Sundays.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE^ — 8 nicely furnished rooms for
sale cheap. Call at 38 Turk st. ¦
FUUMTURE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st ; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln;tel.Polk694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
; HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN cook, city, $30; houseglrl, 2 In fam-
ily, Martinez. 1 Mare Island, Alameda, Berke-
ley: cook, choice place, Berkeley, $25; second
girl, San Rafael ; second girl, . Grass Valley,
$20 and fare, and 50 other places for house-
girls, second girls, cooks, etc.etc, city and
-country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104. Geary.
WANTED— A large number of girls to fill our
numerous situations, such as cooks, second
girls, laundresses, ironers, seamstresses, Ia-
¦ dies' maids, talloresses, waitresses, chamber-
.maids and nurses; all those wishing situations
please call early. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
316 Sutter st. . .
HAIRDRESSER; Monday, . 10 to 12. Purisima
. HairdreSElng Parlor, 1206 Market st, room 1.
GIRL to learn typewriting; $3 per week first
year. 516 Commercial st
A GIRL to assist light housekeeping and cook-
ing; small family: wages J12; good home
1461 Geary st, old number, 1423; call at once.
WANTED— In a flat; a neat young girl to as^
sist in , housekeeping; must be a good cook-
2 in family; wages $15 per month; apply be-
JJSf e £ 3 and 5 p ' m " Monday; bring reference.
¦ lwZl rape St. ,; . "---'." ¦ " ' " . ¦
WANTED— Girl or woman aa child's nurse and
¦ Borne housework who can speak good German;
state wages. Add. Broadway, box 4009. Call!
i°, «5f n w an . ti asBlst ln ; offlce; Monday.
.10 to 3. ; 1170 Market at, room 27 -™V.
HELP WA.VTED-FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Nevada State, $2S, fare paid, see
party here; 2 waitresses, Salt Lake City,
$32 50. fare paid; 14 waitresses, very besi
commercial hotels, $20 and $25: 2 waitresses,
city, *20; 2 restaurant waitresses. $7: 3 cham-
bermaids to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, $17 50;
woman cook. $30; 2 fancy ironers, $25 and $30;
pantry girl, city. $25; pantry girl, country,
$20 ¦
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nursezlrl with references for one child, $25,
must understand sewing, choice place, call
early Monday. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 101
Geary st __^.
WILLING woman for general f housework;
steady home; small family; country; $10.
Address box 4013. Call office.
1 OPERATORS, experienced hands and appren-
tices, on men's neckwear: steady work; best
pay. L. SAMTER & SON. 518 Market st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
$20. Box 4006. Call offlce.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers; steam power: constant work. G. v\.
REYNOLDS, 597 Mission st.. corner Second.
LAUNDRESS, first class; wages $30. Call after
1 p. m. Monday, August 17. at 1S01 Franklin
st, corner Sacramento. -. -'.,". ¦-«
GIRL wanted; cooking, general housework; 4
in family; car fare paid. 2421 Green st
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; good opportunity ror right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
ELDERLY woman or girl under 15 to assist
with children; references; wages J10. Apply
Monday at 1904 Webster st. /--V -.--*-• - :
COMPETENT cook; limited housework; Scan-
dlnavlan prfd; wages $25: refrs. 1509 Pac. ave.
INTELLIGENT woman to do light housework
and learn good profession. Call after 10 a. m.,
room 1. Hoover Hall, 1327 Market st.
GIRL for general housework; small family; $15
to $20. Call Monday morning at 15*33 Ellis st.
GIRL to iron coats. Apply MERCANTILE
TOWEL CO.. 251 Jessie st, near Fourth.
GIRL; general housework: no washing; small
family; sleep at home; »15. Box 4018, Call.
WANTED— A woman who can adapt herself
to special educational work; must travel. Box
401S. Call offlce.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with house-
work. 2329 Bush st
YOUNG girl to asslat with light housework.
1072 Ellis st.. near Gough.
WANTED— Extra cashier. 119 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS salesladies for millinery; also
good makers. 130 Sixth st.
YOUNG lady of good appearance and address
for store. FRANCES, 7D6 Sutter st.
IMPROVERS on waists. FRANCES, 796 Sut-
ter st
YOUNG girl to do light housework; no wash-
Ing; good wages. 905 Devlsadero at.
WANTED— First-class hairdresser, manicures
and hair workers, also apprentices, at CO3-
OROVE'S, 1416 Polk at.
TAILORESSES wanted to work on coats:
steady work; apply Monday morning. The
Hastings Clothing Co., cor. Montg'y it Sutter.
WANTED— An elderly lady that understands
florist business. Call -500 Halght st.
GIRL wanted to learn carpet sewing. 2020 MIs-
Blon St.; Inquire Monday.
OPERATORS on vests and finishers on pants, i
541 Market St. j
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. Stl Market st
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
will fit you for a successful business life;
dressmaking thoroughly taught; artistic de-
signing a specialty; millinery course unsur-
passed; patterns cut. MCDOWELL'S, 1019 Mkt.
WOOLEN mill help wanted— Boss finisher and
weavers on blankets; highest wages paid on
the coast: correspondence confidential. Apply
J. W. COLLINS, 7 and 9 Battery St.. city.
GIRL or woman to do light housework and
cooking for family of three; good wain
Apply 1428 McAllister st
GIRL; general housework: 3 adults, 1 child/
wages $20. 1904 Broadway. i
FINISHERS on fine coats. 118 Russ st
GIRL for cooking and general housework I
1025 Devlsadero st. i
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
canning and preparing; highest wages paid-
steady work; prizes for quick work. Apply
immediately to XL S. FRUIT PACKING CO..
Harrison ave.. between Seventh and Eighth
sts., off Folsom.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit: steady work; highest wages. Apply
CALIFORNIAN CANNERIES CO.. LTD..
Brannan st., between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted on shirts; young girls
taught; steady work; best pay. BRENNER- I
ULMAN CO., 19 Battery st
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewtng machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory.
32H Fremont st. ; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
VEST hands— Experienced operators and fin-
ishers on vests. Apply E. H. LEVY. 513
Market st., up to 12 o'clock Sunday.
LADY solicitors: proprietary preparation; ap-
peals to every woman. O. R. C, box 1636, Call.
WANTED — Experienced girl for candy store at
123 Third St.
YOUNG girl for cooking and downstairs work;
German preferred. 1013 Sutter st.
GIRL or woman, light housework; $13 month.
1515 Broderick St., near Sutter. , : _~ -
GIRLS for hand work on corsets. 231 Powell
street.
PRESSERS wanted on overshlrts. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 17 Battery St.
WANTED — An operator on coats; good pay:
steady work. Box 1658. Call.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee 'shirts;
cood pay. 27 Jessie st. fifth floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C Va-
lencia st
HELP WASTED— MALE.
A— C. R- HANSEN & CO. ...'.'.. .104 GEARY ST.
lOOO MEN FOR NEW R. R. WORK
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld J2 a day
20 teamsters. Coast road .$2 a day
10 laborers. Coast road $2 a day
20 tunnel men for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park. Los Angeles County $2 to 13 60 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare
FOR S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK
60 laborers for rock crusher $1 90 a day
20 laborers, different divisions $1 70 a day
100 laborers. Surf, Santa Barbara Co. $2 a day
Ship daily Fee $1 Free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..
Restaurant chef, $S0; head cook, $60; second
cook, $40; dishwasher. $25. all three for same
country restaurant, see party here; head cook
country hotel, J60: head cook, country hotel'
$55; hotel cook, S50; night cook, J50; baker'
country hotel, $45; second cook. Institution
country. !«: third cook, country hotel $35'
fare advanced; 6 cooks, $30 to $40; oysterman'
$40; dishwasher. Institution, $25; 10 dishwash-
ers and kitchen hands, $20. $25 and $30
Head waiter, hotel, north. $55; head waiter
country hotel $10; 6 waiters, different country
hotels, $25 and $30; 2 hotel porters, countrj-
*20; 3 bell and elevator boys, $15 to $"¦ bil"
Hard room man. $30. • .
.,J e V ndr^ lnan an<1 wlfe - Institution, country
$C0; laundryman. institution, MO' 3 Ironers
and polishers. $35 to $50. ironera
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Q eary . t
A C S R CA T X /rv?££ I J e T #. kl811 bath8 ' north . *«• "
C. R. HANSEN & CO iqj Geary st
, A— WANTED, 7:30 a. m. Monday. readT to
J. e. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st
BARBERS' Progressive Union-Free employ-
ment H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel Jessie
SOLICITOR for printing offlce. 420 Montgom-
ery st, room 33.
BOY at 116 Geary st; call Monday morning.
100 CAKEWALKERS. Apply between 2 and 4
o clock Monday at Shlels building, 32 O'Far-
¦ relll st. S. LOVERICH, manager.
JEWELERS— 32S Bush st. third floor, room 4.
5P LP WASTED MALE.
' A-MURRAY & READY... .PHONE MAIN K«
... Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
> Want 7 a. m. Monday
;; WE SHIP FKEK
t Men for all pam of California, Utah. Wash-
ington. Arizona. Oregon. Colorado. Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands.
; •• Free fare and office fee only tt
; Special to-day, to the following districts:
DUXSMUIR REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO MENDOTA
Lr,» Anseles acd.. ..Santa Barbara dirtricts
Reno »Nev.) and Truckee districts
I Crews Landing and Newman districts
1 f>, an Luis and Surf district*
Bakersfleld and Madera district*
fcalt Lake City Soda Spring*
; and other points good wages
WE SHIP FREE come one, corr.e ail
It only costs Jl fee and no other expenses
come sea
MURRAY & READY. KM-S36 C!ar ,-t.
A -MECHANICAL AND OTHER HELP
Carpenters with or without tools for larga
mining company, $2 to $3 50 day
« carpenters, company work fre* far-
wheelwright, country shop J3 day
IS blacksmiths and horseshoers, for iheps.
ranche?. etc |40. $5<) and found. 13 day
Tlmberman, mining company $1 day
Coopers bridge builders ww^w->rk<rs
LOOK HERE FOR HANDY MEN!
Any men handy with hatchet will suit th's
Job: 25 men to build flume. $30. $33. $10 and
found; lorg Job
FRITITPICKER3 WRVnptCKKRa
150 men and boys to pick all kinds of 'rults
gather almonds, etc.. fX and jw and found
WE PAY YOUR FARE
And ship to the sawmills and woods 23(5 la-
borers for 23 different sawmills, fyt to M anj
found, anybody will suit: 3r, wo.-d«mrn mi!l-
men; also all kinds of planing irill hsln 135
ISO. $«5. $70, $80, $40, $J0. P) ud found . !. .
SS4 wooiiehoppers, tiemakers, etc . $3, j? 50 £>°
I fl and 75c cord, tools and food found. ..... '.
¦ 126 farm hands S35. J30. $;i! «n.1 found
j 38 milkers and .bottermakers i»>. };.-, found
| Cheesemakers 13." an.1 fcurd
U stablemen, etc. ...$25. $o0. $W. HO. iv found
18 hay balers. $3 day; also harvest crews
S64 laborers and teamsters. $2 30. $2, 51 ?:. day;
j some board yourself home; boys for stores,
I factories, etc., city Jobs, cablr.otm.iW*,
woodworkers, carrlagemakers. bridfi build-
ers, etc.: come see
Screw turner, sawmill company, see ho«» h-r»
¦ EdRerman. tallyman, sawmill compary
I 25 woodmen. Santa Cruz County, l-tl M and f-1
Sticker hand, $3 50 day Planer. V a day
Matrher, $3 » d.-jv Vochine man. 13 a day
TO SONOMA CO.
! Sniper: line pullers and setter for sawmill rn
TC THE MINES. ...GOLD. SILVER & rr>.\r»
I SO mtr.ers. single hand and machine.. $7"> & r.o
I Married furnace man $C>
j l.'O laborers, different mines, ln all parts of
j California, no experience necessary. $3B to
I $50 and fd
CITY WORK— 10 laboring men. no experience
required, anybody will suit, $30 and M
FOR SANTA CRT'Z MOUNTAINS
25 laborine men to t)lle lumber, larsre saw-
mill company *"2
Firmers ;tnd wives and men and wives for
private- places $40 and M.
AT.SO HUNDREDS OF OTHER POSITION'S
NOT ADVERTISED COME SEE
Also tret our latest lists.
MURRAY & READY, «34-fi36 Clay St.
I COOKS for the mines, fare advanced
] Second and third cooks, same mining boarrt-
Ins-house. 14ft and J35 and fd.. fare advanced.
j MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
I A-HOTEL .. RESTAURANT.. LA UXDRT He'p
; 32 cooks, city and country. $35 to $50 and found
j also short order and night cooks
j Second and third cecks for mines
1 $35 and I"» and 'ouni
Second baker, country shop $40 and found
! 15 waiters, city, and country
1 r. i2.i and $30 and foun.1
Bakers and helpers, $40. $35 and $30. $«M) and fd
; Washers, starcne-rs and troners ror laundries
Butchers pantry men handy
men for institution, etc.: !unch man fo» caf».
$50 and board; 2 cooka. fruit ranches. $30 an<1
I found. MURRAY & READY. 634-63* Clay »t.
A— BRIGHT boy for this office. U week. MUR-
RAY & READY. 834-636 Clay St.
ERRAND boy. well recommended. ROGER-
1 SON'S 533 Valencia st.
1 2 GOOD house painters for Monday morning.
i Apply 341S Mission St.
I A GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity to right man. F.
i PERSON, room 412 Parrott building .
I BY a wholesale liquor house a sober man: must
understand rectifying; references required.
1 Box 4011. Call office.
I BOY who speaks German! J. HIRSCHLER.
. 3066 23th St.. between Harrison and Alabama.
j WANTED— Walter. 433 Ellis st.
PAINTERS wanted; must understand tlntlnsr.
Inquire Sunday, after 6 p. m.. or Monday
momlntr. at 410 Fifth st.
WANTED— Elevator boy, 17 years old. A.l-
dress box 4021, Call office, with references.
A DISHWASHER wanted. KZ Battery St.
WANTED— A parcel boy. Apply, with reter-
ence. EAGLESON & CO.. 7t3 Market ft.
BRIGHT colored boy. about 14 years r>f ag'-.
for store. FRANCES. 79« Sutter st.
WANTED- A night cook at 18 East st.
LADIES' tailors wanted; only first-class men.
FRANCES, 79* Sutter st.
WANTED— A man to work, ln a restaurant. 113
Turk st.
•WANTED— An errand boy for 1915 FUlmore st.
WANTED— A man for nursery work and florist
business. Call 500 Haight st.
WANTED— Wood machine hand. Furnltur*
factory. 3071 Seventeenth St.. near Folsom.
FIRST-CLASS head waiter, $30 per month and
found. 508 Twentieth at, near Union Iron
Works^
OPERATORS and underpresser on vests. 511
Market st.
COATMAKERS, steady work, good wages. 541
Market st
GOVERNMENT positlons^ — Don't prepare for
civil service examination without seeing lilus-
fated catalogue of Information; sent free.
Columbian Correspondence College, Washing-
ton. D. C.
YOUNG man wanted tn gent's furnishing (roods
store by S. LAXZET. 44 East St.. nr. Mls»3ion.
FRATERNAL organizers. 402 Parrott building;
men and women. '
WANTED — Salesman or manufacturer's ajrent.
one having an extensive acquaintance with
the woodwodrklng and general manufactur-
ing interests in the State of California, to
handle a line In use and Indorsed by the lead-
ing manufacturers of the Unrted States. Can-
ada. Germany and Great Britain. Address,
stating references, "NANK," corner Sawtella
and Woodland aves., Cleveland. Ohio.
BARBERS— First-class 5-chalr shop and 8 bat)»
tubs for sale cheap: going to Silver City. N.
M. Inquire Call office. ¦ "
TO tailors' cutters— A first-class cutter re-
quired; permanent position. Apply between
10 and 11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS. th«
London Tailor. 721 Market st
BENCH hands and cabinet makers wanted. R.
HERRING. 559 Brannan st.
GARDENER at Grallert Nursery. Colma. San
Mateo Co. Write or call bet. 3 and 4 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
NEW roods: quick sales: salary or commis-
sion: city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
"Flood building.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 13" large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to 12 per week.
SECURITY deposit put up for street railway
• employes. SHALMOUNT. 1406 Pine. 2-4 P m.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
Barber College. 741A Howard st. 1
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parta of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL. J^yer. ™
years' practice; Examiner building.
WANTED-Recruita for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character between the a«ea
of 21 and $5 years; not less **£*. 5 J'.ti*
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in heisht;
must V citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read writs
nV»i ,r*«k English properly. For further In-
formaUor T apply ¦ «t the Marine Recruiting Of.
nee 40 Enis P suSan Francisco Cal.. 530 K. st
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1053 J St. Fresno. Cal.
nBADL'ATE optician (Al refraetlonist). neat
appearance: elderly person preferred; salary
120 week. Box 3261. Call office.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to We. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 3d sta.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Tftird st. near Mar-
ket' 700 rooms. 25c night: reading»room; fre«
bus' and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Roo ms 15c tt> 25c night; 75c to $3 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st. ¦:•' i:
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
in Sixth st: auction sales- every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses;
also pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies;
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange, 721 How.
ard st.
FOR sale— Good horses from $10 up. Califor-
nia Farm Dairy. 2200 Point Lobos ave.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.
37
JgOUBCS, LIVE STOCIC. E»e — For SKle
FOR tale— Black horce 54 r 0 lbs.; good worker.
Eighteenth and Douglass ets.
BICAUTIFUL bURjry or carriage team; bays;
veil bred. _r._6 Market Et.
FINE family cow and ca'.f fer sale. Kansas
• t . bet. Sixteenth ar.i Seventeenth.
IHilM> TO LET.
A-FKI.NTE1) list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSK-i & CO., 14 Montgomery.
3:::<>ADWAy. 1S1I. r.r. Octavia— 6 rooms, bath,
laundry; marine view; rvnt $10.
U0U6I-, Ci Lancton ft.; 6 rooms and bath;
r.>r.t cheaj. MADISON & BURKE.
LAGUNA. _EU— HOBM ot 6 rooms, bath; gas;
yard; r^r.t reasonable.
NEW house, 'i& Castro st.. containing 8 rooms:
all modern Improvements ; flne view; good
location. Ari'!>' <^» premises.
TWO masy, newly papered and painted houses,
-rooms; rent cheap. 1715-17 Laguna st.
14". FORMERLY «9O; house. S large rooms.
compir-te: laTvn. etc. 1319 Sutter gt.
HOUSES TO LET — FlltMSHEU.
COTTAGE of € roorr.s. near the Park- 111 De
I_rvng ave. GEO, W. 11. PATTERSON & CO..
?:06 Market »t.
-A-FNAP; n*w carpet* and furniture of 7-room
>uj» for sale or rent; cheap. 1035 GoMen
« !ate ave.
HOUSES WANTED.
rent furnished house, at least
four l»<-droorr.B. two bathrooms, accessible to
.-arriajre; l^ioiflo ave. with view of bay pre-
: tret Writ* UBS. 8. G. MUUPHY. south-
j west oorr.(-r Pierre ft. and Paolfle ave.
LOST AM> KOl.VU.
1 <^ST— In ferry waiting-room cr on boat at 7
p. m., Friday, Ilth. alligator skin prip, con-
taining purs*, commuta .tlon ticket. bo«.k.
BISHOP & WHEELER, room 41. i32 Market
st., San Francisco ; rewarfl.
]>OST— At Columbia Theater, Friday evening,
Auc. 10th. Mother of Pearl and Gold Opera
Glass Stick; reward. 00 Van Ness ave.
I-OST— Gordon setter pup; black, tan points;
white en br**ast. 1_j9 O'FarreU St.; reward.
LOST— Eyeglasses, on Harrison St.. near 12th,
Thursday. Return CCS 1 * 11th st. : reward.
t:00 REWARD return of four $'»000 Leavenworth
Co. bonfls. MRS. M. A. McFARLAND, STS
Geary st.
LOST— Pointer bitch on Ninth eve., south of
Park. Return to souTh<-a*t corner Halpht and
Fillmore sts. and roc-five liberal reward.
MCDICAL.
PR and~5mS~r>AVIKS. 1^8 Market St.— Reli-
able ladies' and teats si*ciali?ts; 22 years'
practice: have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully: a positive cure guaranteed at. of-
fice- ladies treated can return home th<* ?ame
day: try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; ar.y one can use it by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladies' specialist; (ruaranieed treatment at of-
fice. I." positive cure: h. me for patients be-
fore and during confinement ; rkillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
TjR. G. "W. O'POXXELU th« world-r«"nowne_
ladies' special i*t: cafe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
other* fall call on him. in.SS Market st.
PRS. GOODWIN', well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure JS; have treated th-M-IKis of cases with
ruccf?*: IS ycurs' pra'-t:re in S. F. : maternity
home: low fee*. JO-..7'* Market St.. near Sixth
jt-NF.W process; p-eat ] repress In medical
soierce: every woman her own phypician; DO
L medicin* or rills uf«*J; can be Used at home.
\ r-R. POPPER, 3JS Kearny rt.
MRS. DR. ¦WYETH, reliable specialist: .5 yrs. f
practice; home in confinement: treatment at
offle*. r^.; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. !'42 l*«>«t «.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NO TOT KEE. Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, canevr. catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: send for test-mo-lals; advice free. Sani-
• ir:um. 7 4 SaTamenio St.. corner Kearny.
A FTRICTI.Y private and secluded residence.
away from the public paze, tot the treatment
cf wtmen; confinement rases taken. MRS.
DR. FT NKE. 1415 Eiehth tt.. Alameda.
MRS. M ALLKN. 3035 Market-Ladies' FreciaJ-
irt; h' -riie in Tnflneynent : safe ar.d reliable:
consultation fre*: hours l ft to S.
DR. aa_ MRS. M. WEGEICEB— Prlrmt* home
In confinement. IZl? CioUUn Gate ave.
I>R WlflZ — _"*• rtnfy genuine J_<1Je»" speciaJist.
O\ r .-+ !!!" M_rk*>t Ft.
DR. V.'ONO HIM. hnrt doctor, treats all d'.s-
enres of the humsn body. 113 Mason ft.
CHEAPEST and be*t in America— The Weekljr
Call, It pause*, s.-r.t to any adJress in the
flirted Rtttea or Canada i»n» yar for $1.
31IM.S AM) SIIMXG.
LAPY basing valuable mlr.lng property In
Mn - Broul ! !i'.:>' to di^ix^e of interest to re-
st. : -.'. •- parties: no promoters. Box 1655. Call.
niSI KLLAM-OIS FOIl SALE.
! LERS. »r.f:r..s. *j-ha.nd machinery. Mc-
EXTOSH & ffOLfMAK. 19.V1S7 Fremont et.
liAliS. Lack bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a !arj.-v stock of saloon outfits on hand:
Z2 con-r'-te outfits on our floor, ready made;
wt an —bio < .Aerythlng in _4 hour-. J.
JCOONAX. 3"1T. 101S. 102L 10-3 Mission St.,
above write for catalogue.
SPK^AL for Monday: atk to t*re the 115. $20
-r.rt $_i Finale stone diamond rincF; worth
d double. At I.'SCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant ave.
t EDIGREE black pointer bitch; Old Black Joe
eiock: fine retriever; hunted two peasons;
will sell cheap. JONES. 410 Brannan St.
GASOUNE launch. 25 feet long. 12 II. P. en-
jrine; f levant outfit; a *.:reat Ixtrpatn. Dimond
Freiffht »o.. foot Franklin et., Oakland.
A VERT f:ii» 12-bore riarr.rr.f-rles=s R. L. shot-
g-un for S-9; rost originally $60. UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant ave.
1000 FEET of br>_rds. %'*) fe<t cf moldlnr. E0
pair of blinds <ii*ide and out), lance amount
1x8. 1x4, 6x6 and 2_& lumber and 12 doors. Box
1928, Call office.
FOR sale— Complete set of bakery fixtures near-
ly new; flne bargain. Box 1921. Call offlce.
A— 2i_-lb. BLACK and tan do*. 10 months old;
also Newfoundland pups and a fine lot of ped-
igree Belgian han-s, heavyweight. 14S Teha-
mi »t.. off Third.
FOH PALE — Half interest In best headach-
powder en the market; well advertis<-d; a for-
tune In It. Address H. H. P.. box 1TO0, Call.
A— 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill air com-
pressor. JAHDINES. 2-0 Fremont st.
A-J3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, tl 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 230 Kearny st., near Pine.
HOIiSESHOEI.N'G chop, with tools, shoes. etcIT
ITS. . Box 191«. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS screw-cuttlns lathe. ?x_4; small
wood lathe: 1 email bent saw. IZi Mission st.
:i)-HAND r.hctofrraphlc nnd m_iric lantern out-
flis bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
rroof safe. 216 California st.
FJfiPT-CLASS second-hand modern enrines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
ZD-HAKD gasoline and steam engines, lathes,
etc.; central machine work. 137 Beale St.
SD-HAXD engines, boilers, dynamo*, motors.
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. IIS Mission.
9 A FINE suit tlO; dress pants, tl 75. .MISFIT
'"LOTH ING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER, No. 2 Smith Premier; late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 Cal.
ED-SON 1 1 in m | phonoeraph; reduced price.
I7i; concert records, tl 60. Baclgalupi. SJ3 Mkt.
POBTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planer*, laihrs; 2d-h»nd. J. Burke. 129 Beale.
SD-IIA^D flr«--proor tafe: 1 fire and burglar
jiroof safe; cheap. 42 Main «t.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Fir.es. boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1T-UW, «« Bpear «t-
MACJC lantern*, new and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
EAFES-New and 6*cond-ban£ THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento Bt.
SAFEP— New snd tecond-hand; -11 slies. THE
WALTZ SAFE. "9-m Market et.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States or Grenada one year for II,
postage paid.
-1ISCI-L.L.A1VI-OL'-. WANTS.
WANTED— 4 eecend-hand ((-caliber Colt's re-
volvers, centtr-fire. with bolsters; good for
cash. Box 4?13. Call office.
SMALL Jron-worklng lat))e; foot or power. J.
M. THORP. 172S Eagle ave.. Alameda.
LA!>:KS' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
£fQ4. sr.verman. 0f>4 Folsom; tel. Kolsona 119L
iJl."lN* still pays best price for clothing, brte-
a tirac ar4 books. 109 Sixth St.; tel Jessie 141.
BEALPKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. £5 Stockton st.
IK you wish full rslue for your cast-off clothing
call oa C. CO HEX, 157 T_ir_; teL Black U2X.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
fcate; men-gages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortpapes, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. &4» Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ; quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
6S and 69. Oonohoe building. 1H0 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount,
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery
MOST reliable place to borrow on ° !/""<?"?*:
watcheB, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth,
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
L ?. A . NS . ;.¦.¦;.¦.::: isALARiES and" FURNlfuKE
O. H. HARSHBARGER, 322 Ellls-roomJ^
AT 12C Kearny St., room 9. respectable P^'vat 9
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rate»: take elevator. Telephone P__l--—__
*>00.O0Oat« r«-r rent In sums to suit in elt> -also
$150,000 on largo ranches; als-o on second TOMJ
gages. R. J. MERCER * SON.__l?J_^___ll,
ANY amount by private party onl-rnlture and
pianos: no removal; low ralw: r _?V": enUal -
BONELLI. 30] Jones ¦it;'i corner Boor- - " >
$25,000 TO loan; !« OT M
tales, chattels. IiARPEI^Jlj Hearrt blag.
iib^ETl^nod salaried people W»tt°»*«££g
HILL. r. 4i. Merchant-' > B«.: 4M .CaU-ornia.
ON r fu~rr7iUr77nd Mano*; no 'removal: con!l-
drntiai; on diamonds. etCS tt Taylor «¦
H. MURPHY. ISo Market Ft., solves all kin is of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estauj^etc.
TO ralari.<l people without^^"^^^^i
ness connd'-ntlal. Toutley Co.- 321 t arrenj^g. .
ON furniture, plane- wUhout rem wlino com-
1 ' mission: private. LICK. US >l._Am^
j TO salaried men'without r , a ! n % l j^'i ) n r * er -
| S. F. Discount Agency. 143 I'nf.^n pu».i.»b
• I ilOXKY to loan. THE McCARTlIFcOMPANY.
646 Market st.
ygMDSICAI/y IXSTKPMEVgg;
' j WE C_Xi U*e » few *ood squares to ** v <"£?*" I
I if to be had within the next few da>s. MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO., 76» Market st.
SECOND-HAND Marshall and WendeL New ,
Enpland and other makes r Jl"J''S. - M M «r^ !
a day or so. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. .69 Mar-
ket fit. ¦
DECKER & SON piano* are" the bttt *W™ f
all the old reliable makes: > ou ™nnot 'aU to
get satisfaction with one of them. Agency
at MAUVAIS'. T£3 Market *«•__ .
a ETEINWAY any time w ' h! ", t . hr t P ,fe be^t
and full purchase price »"2?**jl^L-*S!
makers of evorv cra.1*> to select from; beauti-
fW __w uprirttsfS CM-. $8 Per month: some
good rianns for «. $4 and S3 JH|J«g»fe;
SHERMAN. ('LAV & CO.. . '" ' ' I^_ V \:^ i
teenth stf.. Oakland.
I~l^EW~of~7ne~banrain? offered l>y us this |
week-A r.ish-pra.i- ur-ripht sold a few years ,
sTrce for t£\ now offered at a creat sacrifice. ,
A fine urricht: hands. .me embossed case; lat-
e«t vl ¦ a!tn*M new: IKS. Low pricM on
' Ba new urricMs. IlaHman. Ha-elton. Dew-
! In* l"n* " DKWING & CO.. Flood bldg..
j corner Market and Fourth Ets.
.ijcni rTFLY the oldest atr! largest house
we«t of T Chicago !¦ KOHLEB & CHAPE'S
"»« ~2« and M OTarrell St.: pianos, rrpans and
h!1 ether musical Instruments of all crudes
and rr:c«: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th «
; customer.
', «TgOOD square pianos from $50 to $200.
j * 3 fine grand j-iano* from $175 to_ $4 30-
S feo< :zi<i -hand upri«?ht» from J.o to j::s.
1 Bttlnwmy. 1 Bteck. 1 Weber. 1 Curtaz.
BENJ. OURTAZ & PON. 16 O'Farrell Bt.
j REMOVAL. oflceen>-s rtano store from Van
Ness to ?33 Market, bet. Sth an.l 6th. next
Hale Pro*., k will continue reduction eale ror
' 2 weeks; open ev'nps; call and get low price-,
I VIOLIN strings: never wet: best in the world;
1 makinft and i-Tairinsr of a" kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
{ if vou are looking for rh»ap upright pianos,
i stool and cover, call 3W Eighteenth tt.
I! WANTED — 9 rood square pianos, suitable for
schools. BTRO.V MAt-'ZT. 3".8 Post st.
AT any price; no reasonable offer refused; re-
| moval sale. 126 Ellis st^
' SLAUGHTER pale of uprtttht pianos for stor-
age. J50 up. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market.
! BE In the swim: rent a new piano for S3 per
month. BOOTT-CURTAZ CO.. &60 Hayes st.
THE WILEY n. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.;
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
SOHMEK & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Oabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. V:i Post St.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN — Good piano cheap: Installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Farramento st.. apent for
Francis Bacon ar.d HaJlett & Davis pianos.
BUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: r.^w pianos, to payments;
for rent. I- up. RHfnXX. 2C« Pest Bt.
OFFICISS AXO STOIIES TO LET.
j EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market^
i Offices, light and sunny. J1S to $20 per month;
| light, heat. Janitor and use of tel. Included.
1 FINELY furnished pfflce In Mills bldg.; use of
telephone and typewriter: rent $10. Inquire
room 14. fifth floor. Mills bldg.
WANTED — Deskroom on ground floor; Market,
bet. Montgomery and 6th. Box 4014, Call.
GOLDEN GATE. 1506— Htore with living rooms
suitable for any business: rent $12.
TO rent— Modern store: well lighted; 25x140;
rent reasonable. Sis Hayes st.
PKRSOXALs!
ANT one knowing the whereabouts of ADA
BELLE or ADA FRETWEI.L will be re-
warded by Informing box 4025. Call offlce.
A MIDDLE-AGED gentleman having well pay^
Ing commercial business requiring more capi-
tal, desires to meet respectable lady of some
means; cbject matrimony; first-class real
estate security given. Reliable, box 4820, Call.
RESPECTABLE gentleman of means wishes to
meet lady similarly cltuated. Box 4026, Call.
HEALTHY brunette boy baby for adoption
MRS. DR. FUXKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Al_nVed_:
SAVE YOUR H XTk
All hair and scalp diseases successfully treat -
* <5: _!} al i r ir7 ow _ I . an ' 1 BtfJ W*d falling; dandruff
cured; ladies delighted who use Luxuriol bust
oeveloper: enclose etamp for free Droof tn
jgjd jj^wjsii Annl8 b^-^
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, does the
. p to S^g? k^y^ | g -itches
ABSENT treatments given free for one week
for sickness, trouble and poverty to all
sending address and stamp to Metaphysician,
. care \ orW'j Metaphysical Telegraph Co.. San
Francisco, Cal.
MARRY— National Matrimonial Club; private
veJ Co!o many WOrth * M>0u0 - Box U6 ». ->en-
' RA _ 3 ?f, rp * 11 wov * t0 or<W an< * for sale- also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hnnk or chain at loweV?
1 mcB - GE °- MATTHEWg^M Fifth, Oakland!
AMATEUR photographers-Save 60 per cent by
h £ v i nB , your work done at Rembrandt Studio
RSO Market ft. cor. Stockton; kodaks. v£v%
. only 2ic; no charge for blank negatives; pro!
fesslonal advice free; lessons given. 60c each.
: JULIANISM-Jullan MacRae. Initiate, has
ne . d v. hls ca^* 9 .. for * pirlt unfoldment and
Adeptehlp on Tuesday and Thursday evening*
S o'clock; free lecture Friday eve 8 o' clock -
consultation dally. 8 to 5. S19 Golden Gate ave!
LEDERER'S Qulntonica hair Tonic stops fallln-
out; cleansing, beautifying; 35c bottle.
MRS. ADA CLARK has resumed her TuesdAv
evening class at Devisadero Hall.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.. ~" ~~
HOPKE BRO 5 !.
Mattresses and pillows made t» order re
covered and renovated; honest work guAran
teed: prices defy competition; flne upholsterv*
phene £309; factory. 318 and 320 Eleventh st •
first-class cleaning and dyeing. 409 Sutter st"'
San Franltco. _!l±£ '•
WHY SUFFER? ~ ~
Persons afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how long standing), or anyother chronic
disease, should call at once at the 8AN8
gOUCI, 1409 Van Ness ave.— the up-to-date In
Ftltution for treatment. We have 25 years'
experience. Charges reasonable.
PILES— 300 permanent cures In San Francisco,
who can be seen; no operation; no pain: par-
ticulars eent. Ad. Physician, box 1960, Call.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo leads them all-
has real merit; try it; only 5c package. '
6UITS to order on Installments; $15 upward*
tl a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
FREE. "Valuable Remedy" for rheumatism;
free. "Retired Nurse," 15S1 Market, nr. 12th.
PERSONALS.
neater, treats chronic diseases successfully.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cotfi curllng_fluid; 25c bottle; druggists.
E H?HT R A C 'ni? h i s tn ever * room- Winchester
l\2 to Ii J hlrd B V' near Market: 700 rooms;
?™. -h,f- .PV nlKht : *1 SO to *« Per week
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
W w^J- E c I^ Old * f^!5 l0ned Bllver . hr ass. copper
*are. curies, all descriptions. 625 Dupont st.
S \n I J 5 ro 0 "v^* 1 " ? n easy Payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co., Lxamlner building, room 407.
I'^ySlCIAJf^AND^sURGBONS.
DR. J. HERBERT REl_VE.~^6%~l£eaTn"y^r
cures by electricity Nervous Prostration Iiii
Bomnla, Asthma, Rheumatism; ParaK.' Ca-
FINE residence In best location In^Oakland"
fronting on a city park; flat mortgage of J30u6
recently made; will take smaller place or good
country place or lots clear or may »C
email mortgage. BELDKN & COOK S
incton and Fourteenth. Oakland.
WASTED:
WANTED— A lot in Alameda~or"~Berice7eT"as
vm-iJr^'Pi 1 , °° , bulldln (T contract. J h!
•\OING. builder. 1243 Park St.. Alameda. "
HEAL ESTATE— CI'1-Y— FOR SALE~
EASTON. EXJ5RIDGE & CO
«38 MARKET ST.
ON EASY TERMS
BEAUTIFUL MODERN MISSION FLATS
FOR YOUR RENT MONEY. FLATS
$500 Cash, balance monthly; interest 6 per
cent; interest only on unpaid balance; 2
nats, 4 and 5 rooms and porcelain bath,
tiled mantel, etc.
PAYS 34 PER CENT.
$1500 caeh; near 5th and Folsom sts.: 9 tene-
ments: rents $58 per month.
££F APEST LOT m WESTERN ADDITION.
$3000 REDUCED FROM —$4200
Large corner on Washington Bt. ; 31x100
ft. ; fine site for elegant modern and hlch-
rentin- fiats.
BEAUTIFUL MISSION WARM BELT
BEST PART: NO FOG; NO WIND.
$3000 REDUCED FROM $4000
Make offer; elegant 40- foot lot In center
warm belt; choicest portion.
$3000— Fine level lot. 29x100 ft.; 23d st.; bitu-
men street: best part.
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT.
SNAP ON LARKIN STREET BARGAIN.
$6500— Rents $70 per month; 8 fine fiats.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$7500— Rents $?05 per annum; 1 new elegant
modern flats; porcelain tubs, tile man-
tels; elegant and modern In every detail.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS-NEW FLATS.
$4200 — On Clayton St.; 2 modern fiats; lot 35x
106:3 feet; always rented.
MISSION FLATS.
$3600 — 2 substantial well-built flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath; lot 25x122:6 ft.; near
Howard and 24th 6ts.
$300 CASH $300
BALANCE AS RENT: INTEREST 6 PER
CENT.
Cottage & rooms and porcelain bath, tile
mantel, dome ceilings, etc.; Mlsslon-st.
cars.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO.,
633 Market Bt.
INVESTMENTS.
$30,000— Splendid Market st. corner, 68:9x137:6;
inside of Van Ness ave.
$&5, 000— 137:6x255; near Brannan and Second sts.;
a splendid property for manufacturing
or warehouse; Improvements rent for
J300 per month.
$20,000— Good Western Addition property; lot
57:2x120 to rear street; Improvements
rent for $105 per month; valuable lease
on increaslns rate for 20 years can bo
had.
$17,000— A fine business property on best part
of principal crosstown "business street;
pays good interest; steady tenants.
FLATS.
$5,250 — Two new flats of 7 and 8 rooms; near
Frederick and Tremont sts. ; rents $52 50
monthly; wide lot.
$5,000— Two splendid flats of S and 6 rooms; In
best part of Mission, near Twenty-first
and Valencia sts.; always rented at $45
monthly.
$5,000— Four flats near Twenty-second and
Florida sts., of 4 rooms each; nearly
new; rents $tt monthly.
$3,750 — Two fine flats of 4 and S rooms; near
. Twenty-fourth and Sanchez sts.; rents
$37 60 monthly: this is very cheap.-
RESIDENCES.
$14.000— New colonial residence on Vallejo St.,
near Webster.
$13,500— Presidio Heights colonial residence..
$12,00i>— Two residences on Washington st. ; lot
60x137:6; rents $S0 monthly; offer wanted.
$7,000— Residence of 9 rooms; Ellis St., near i
Laguna; lot 25x120 to small street; this i
is a splendid buy.
$3,500— Residence of 7 rooms; Webster St., near
California. I
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
$5,000— Marine view; lot 34:4V4xl27:8: north line
Clay st. near Locust.
$60 per front foot; any size lot; Clay St.,
near Maple.
$2.000— Lot 30x127:8; Clay St.. near Cherry.
$2000— Lot 40x100; near Washington and Cher-
ry Bts.
$1,760— Lot 27x127; Washington at., near First
ave. boulevard.
$650— Lot 25x100; California St.. near Third
aV °' SEND FOR LIST.
$750 Each; 2 lots, 27:6x114; north side Twen-
ty-fifth st.. near Castro.
$1.000— Lot 25x100; Hampshire st., near Twenty-
second; street bltumlnlzed.
Send Tor list Mission cottages, flats and lot«.
McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st. j
FOUR level lots for $500, near Mission Bt.; $5
monthly buys all four; 25x100 each.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Poet st.
ONLY $5 a month buys a fine corner 4 room
and bath cottage and 2 lots, 60x125;. near
Frultvale; It is a bargain.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post St.
ONLY two left-$150 each. $5 monthly: level
building lots, near Crescent ave. and Mission
du ng QSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$5 MONTHLY •-••* 3 MONTHLY
$150 and upward: flne building lots; 1 block
from Twenty^^nd-s^ca^ lots
A HOME BOUGHT" on xnstalLMENTS.
By means of monthly payments a man may
buy a home for his family, and in a very
few years he makes the home secure for
th'em and leaves him free to run the race
of life without the anxiety and care entailed
by his fear for their future. If you pay
rent you are certainly not providing proper-
ly for your family, .and the sooner you buy
a home with your rent money the better Vou
are off! Let us build you a home according
to your own plans. We have 60 lots to choose
from, within one block of the electric cars,
with street work done and In the best resl-
dVnce p^ of the city. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14
Post st. * .
F ' B - 8U^ R MONT^OMERT STREET.
CHOICE R^DENCES r NEAR THE PARK
I have Just had placed with me for sale two
choice new modern residences containing 9
rooms and bath each: beautiful mirror-top man-
tels and porcelain tubs; situate on Stanyan st..
3 blocks from the terminus of the Halght-st.
cars- If you are looking for a moderate-priced
I residence, don't fall to examine this property:
I have bf jn Instructed by the owner to submit
any reasonable offer made; very liberal terms
can be arranged If desired.
$1«,000-Corner 60-vara In Western Addition:
partially Improved: renting for $105 per month;
mortgage of $12,000;. owner will exchange equity
for desirable city property; must be sold.
Get my list of residences and flats.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE ESTATE
Three-story and basement brick building In
business district; appraised at $15,000. will sell
for $12,000; yearly rentals $1400; lot «:6x«?:}l.
Two small houses with two flats adjoining;
on Broadway: yearly rentals $6.2; can be
plats at Menlo Park; five
acre, each; $300 *****£ M wrLLC0Xi
Real Estate and Financial Agent, 328 Mont-
gomery st. - •
AN elegant borne for your rent money, on Hoff-
man ave.i near Elisabeth st.. containing 6
rooms and bath, porcelain tubs, fine mantel,
and all the latest Improvements; only u, block
from 22d-st electrlo cars. MR. COTTER, Resi-
dent Agent. •
Also 4 room and bath, on Hoffman ave. JA-
COB HEYMAN. 117 Butter «t. ,-.¦• --,*
PARK lots for sale: west side of Sth are.; north
side, near new Mimic Stand and Museum;
houses built If desired on easy terms. JACOB
HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
Real Estate Agents.
14 Montgomery st.
$2300— Rents $252 per annum; two flats of 6
. and 4 rooms; near Thirteenth and Va-
lencia' StP.
$3000 — Rents ?330 per annum; corner on Pa-
cific st. ; two flats.
$3500— Rents $34S per annum; Bryant St.; two
flats of C and 5 rooms; 25xSQ.
$3500— Rents $640 per annum; two flats of 6
rooms. 2-story house and lot, near Third
and Foloom Bts.
$3700— Rents $432 per annum; two substantial
flats of 6 rooms and bath each; 2axl2.:6
feet; Mission warm belt; near Eight-
eenth and Howard sts.
$3800 — Rents $D4U per annum; Natoma St.; five
tenements and lot 25x80.
$4000— Rents $504 per annum; two stores and
flat: nearly new modern building; good
location In the Mission.
$5200 — Very cozy cottage on Devisadero st. ; 5
rooms and bath and basement; 27:6x100
feet; to close an estate.
$6000— Rents $510 per annum; two nice modern
flats of C and 5 rooms and bath each;
Oak St., short distance from Market;
large lot.
$6600 — Two-story basement and attic EaBtlake
residence; lot 23x93:6 feet.
$7000— Rents $840 per annum; three new mod-
ern flats of 7. 6 and 6 rooms and bath
each: on Jones St.: 25x100 to an alley; I
always rented.
$12,500— Rents $13S5 per annum; three elegant
new modern flats of 6 rooms and batn
each; Just finished; 2.")Xll2:6; Putter st.
$3000— Great bargain; 2-story house of J rooms
and two baths; could be converted into
two flats at small expense; lot 26x100
feet; Mission warm belt; easy terms.
• $5600— Rents $570 per annum; Inside store prop-
erty: two stores with 3 rooms each anJ
flat of 8 rooms and lot.
$1250 — Very cheap Mission home; cottage and j
lot 30x114; handy to several lines of j
cars.
$4500— Rents $696 per annum; eight flats anil
lot 25x75; Shipley St., near Fifth.
$1000— Rents $144 per annum; near Pacific and
Mason fits. ; two flats and lot.
$12,500— Elegant marine view; Eastlake resi-
dence of 12 rooms, etc.; lot 37:6xl37:o;
must be seen to be appreciated.
$1600 — Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; Mission
warm belt; 25x114; handy to Mission and
Guerrero sts. car lines; easy terms.,
$2500— Very cozy cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
near Thirteenth and Sanchez sta.; easy
terms.
New pocket map of San Francisco Co., 25c. j
Choice list of building lots In every part of i
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale In every part of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET ST.
$1650 — Fine business corner on Buchanan St.;
a pick-up.
$3200— New cottage; well located; In the Mis-
sion.
$3500 — N'E. cor. on Sacramento st. ; Presidio
Heights district; lot 37:6x100; stone sidewalks
and street bltumlnlzed.
$40OO-Near Third, and Market Bts.; lot an_
lmprovements.
$5600 — Income Investment; will pay 12 per cent:
Western Addition.
$6500 — Business corner; store and flat of 8
rooms; rents $720 annually. i
$0500— 3 modern -flats; choice neighborhood;
Western Addition; rents $700 annually.
$9000 — 4 flats; choice Filbert- st. location; also
rear house of 8 rooms; rents $S5 per month.
$11,500— Business property on First St., a few
feet from Mission; if improved have responsible
tenant who will take 5 years' lease.
$12,000 — Elegant modern Pacific Heights resi-
dence of 14 rooms.
$20.000— Broadway, north side, near Baker st. ;
lot 77:6x137:6 ft.; grand, unobstructed marine
view.
$50.000 — Splendid business property, near Kear-
ny st.; two large frontages; good Income; rare
opportunity.
$60,000— Downtown business property; large
frontage; improved; good income.
Further particulars at the offlce of BOVEE,
TOY & SONNTAG. 624 Market st.
LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery st.
$12.500— Mission corner; fine building; 2 stores
and 5 fiats: rent $116 50.
$4100— New flats; close to Valencia and Four-
teenth sts.; rent $40.
$10,000— Must be sold; Mission, near Sixteenth:
fine 2-story building; store and two flats.
$6500 — Rent $76; good Investment; near Folsom
and Fifth; six fiats.
$4250— Fine home on Hill Bt., near Valencia;
9 rooms, bath, etc.: lot 30x114.
$3350 — New corner house; near Thirtieth and
Mission sts.; 7 rooms and bath; also stable,
big lot.
$5000— Another bargain; corner flats; near
Steiner and Pine; rent $45; sun ,all day.
$1000— Cottage of 4 rooms; Twenty-third St.,
near Rhode Island: one block to cars.
$1900 — Colllngwood, near Eighteenth and Cas-
tro; cottage of 4 rooms and bath.
$1400— Nice cottage; Cassell ave.., near Eight-
eenth ft.; 4 rooms and bath; also good well
and windmill. »
'$1600 — New cottage; Twenty-fifth and Missis-
sippi; 4 rooms and bath; close to Union Iron
Works.
$3750— Fourth St., near Brannan; 25x80; good
business property.
$5150— Grove Bt.. near Lyon; flats and cottage;
rent $49.
$1250— Bargain: Hyde st, lots, near Bay; $100
cash, balance $15 monthly.
$3000— A pacriflce; Broadway and Jones, cor-
ner, 47:6x60; already for building; splendid
foundation laid.
$12,500 — O'Farrell st., near Laguna: 3 hand-
some new flats; rent $102 50; lot has two front-
ages.
LYON & HOAO, 114 Montgomery st.
CLEAN INVESTMENTS.
AT A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 667 MARKET ST.
$200.000— Pays 6 per cent net; near Chronicle.
J175.000 Pays 6 per cent net; Market at.; one
tenant.
$100,000— Pays 5 per cent; Market st; always
rented.
$90,000— Pays 7 per cent; few blocks from
Chronicle.
$40,000— Pays $370; grand corner; all rented.
$42,500— PayB 8 per cent net; grand corner; one
tenant: lease 5 years.
$30,000— Rents $252; new Improvements.
$22,500— Grand store property, 70 ft. front; rents
$200 a -month; all rented.
$20,000— Rents $175; corner; new Improve-
ments.
$15, too — Rents $145; new Improvements.
$10,000— Elegant flats, not far from Van Ness;
rents $1100; only % cash; all rented. .
$9,600— Market-st. corner; store, flat and base-
ment; modem building; former price,
$16,000.
Must sell; two fine flats; 8 Hyde st,.
near City Hall: rents $75.
j9 ( 000_store property on Ninth St., near Mar-
ket; very cheap.
jjt 000 — Rents $70; new flats near Van Ness ave.
jfi.000— Post St.: three flats; rents $60.
$4,600— Four elegant flats of 4 rooms each;
rents $40.
$3.250— Mission flats: rents $310 annually; near
Twenty-fourth st.
j2 250 Cozy 5-room cottage on Castro st.
$2,200— Rents $38; Vallejo St.; worth $3500.
A. M. SPECK & CO. 667 MARKET BT.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine «t., ~
Opposite Nevada Bank.
9 lots of 2S feet front each, on Thirteenth st.
and Clinton Park, close to Valencia st. ; will
be sold at » bargain.
$5500— Two-flat house, 5 and 6 rooms; lot 25x
tjo 000— Mission St., Just east of Sixth; lot 45x
SO. wlih 2 houses of 10 rooms each.
jlO.fKXi — Rent $120 per month; a splendid cor-
ner property: always rented; large lot, i>
$3000— Rent $32; a double flat In the v front
house and a cottage in the rear; south Mar-
$3300^-A splendid pick-up; rent $360 per an-
num; store and flats a pick-up. •
ISOOO— Rent $7S0 per annum; on Fillmore St.; 4
fine flats; lot 60xSO.
$4000- -Credit sale; only $1000 cash; a fine Pan-
handle' property; nearly new house and lot 23x
110.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Take Advantage of the Very Low Prices! Don't
Fall to See Us Before Buying!
$350 to $800— Choicest Sunset lots, near new'
Music Stand; ready to build on; $10 monthly.
$250 to $750— Choice Richmond lots for build-
Ing; $10 monthly.
. $75 to $250— On Mission st. and San Mateo car
line; only $5 monthly payments.
$500 to $1000— For small cottages; splendid lo-
tions; near cars; payments same as rent,
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
$4500—1-3 CASH; house of 8 rooms: brick fouiT
datlon: high basement; Grove, nr. Webster
$2000— V4 cash; cottage; Fifth ave., nr. Point
Lobos ave.
$4250—1-3 cash; 8-room house; O'Farrell st.,
near Scott,
$3800 — Pacific, nr. Jones; Income $42 per mo.
$5250 — Near the Park;/ new property; - rents
$52 60 per month; under lease.
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
. Aurent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
: $1600— North line ¦ Carl st.. near Stanyan; 25x
137:6 feet. '-.•--..
FOR sale— Neat cottage of 4 large rooms, high
basement;. good-sized lot; nice, garden. and
chicken-houses; including fancy - chickens ;
half a block from cars; also adjoining cot-
tage of 3 rooms and large lot. Inquire grocery
store. Chenery at., opp. > Falrmount School
REAL ESTATE— CITY— .FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. ' «
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEW PROPERTY.
J15.000 investment; rents $1500 per year; 4
modern flats; excellent location; near Califor-
nia and Leavenworth; always rented.
$55,000— Business corner, stores and lodging
house; 3 frontages, near Sutter and Taylor;
rents ?3ao.
$S75O— Rents JS3 per month: 2 modern houses
and cottage in rear: McAllister st., near La-
guna; lot 27:6x120; double frontage.
MARKET-ST. PROPERTY.
$40,000— Market St., near Van Ness ave.;
stores, etc. ; double frontage.
.Near City Hall; 27:i»xl37:t>; a splendid oppor-
tunity; only $l3.utiO.
H-STREET FRONTAGES.
Several choice lots on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices and on easy terms; get par-
ticulars at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
$27,500 — Paclflc-ave. residence; elegant modern
residence, 17 rooms, 2 baths; all arrangements
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.'
$30,000— Geary st., near Van Ness ave.; 4 resi-
dences; rents $180; lot 5(7:6x120 to rear street.
fC'.COO— Folsom st.; corner; manufacturing
diFtrict: 2 frontages; rents $170; lot 10OxS7:fL
S2O.C0O — Western Addition Improved corner;
rents J1S00 a year; large lot 85x30; good im-
provements; to close an estate.
BARGAINS.
ft $8500—3 new Park tlats; rents $97S per year;
uilf block from Haleht st.
$6500— Ashbury et., near Park; 2-story and
basement residence; foreclosed; cost $9001).
$."750- : -Only $1000 cash required ; near Powell
and Pine; 2-story house; excellent location for
3 flats.
$5500 — Make offer; flats near Sacramento and
Hyde; rents $360 a year; large lot M:4V_x_37:6;
must be sold.
$3.'OO— Mission road, near Thirtieth; one-story
building containinz store and 3 living rooms
In the rear; street work done; lot 26x"_; terms
$1000 cash, balance monthly payments.
$3750 — Cumberland St., corner of Dolores; two
fine flats; 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $36;
lot 25x39.
AN OFFER WANTED.
S6000— Rents |65; Natoma St.. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 27x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$3250— Buchanan st.. near Haiirht; nice bay-
window double cottage; 8 rooms and bath; cor-
ner let; big bargain.
*15.00o— Beautiful residence in the Mission; 14
room?. 2 baths; fine grounds; sun all around;
lot 75x115; make offer. «
$26,000— Price reduced; Washlngton-st. resi-
dence, with fine marine view; large garden; sun
all day; lot 137:6x137:6; don't fail to see this
property.
J2750— Richmond District; entirely new; 2 cot-
tages; modern In every respect; easy terms.
$3000— Sunset District, near Golden Gate Park;
new 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath; modern
In every respect; lot 25x120; easy terms; call
at branch oftlce, Ninth ave. and H st.
$4000— Steiner St., near Ellis; cottage 4 rooms;
lot 25x90.
VACANT LOTS.
Page st.; 30-foot; eunny corner; residence lot;
near Park; owner will build to suit.
$8250— Presidio Heights corner; fine view; lot
50x150.
SlS'O-rCheap lots; Valencia and Fourteenth
streets.
$¦1000— Steiner, near Fulton; lot 27:6x110.
$3100 — Pierce st.; key lot 35x125; extra sunny;
suitable for flat-.
$15,000-Presldio Heights; corner; 137:6x127:8^:
fine marine view; choice residence lot.-
COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3250 — Mill Valley cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
partly finished attic; large lot; will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Offers wanted for following property:
$12, COO— Pays 7 per cent net; fine Improve-
ment?; Bush St., near Stockton; two frontages.
$.j0,000 — Income nearly $6000 per annum: nne
investment: close to Powell and Sutter sts.
J12.000 — Hyde at., near Sutter; good location
for flats, physician or sanitarium.
MiiFt be sold to close an estate.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
VON KHEIN HEAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$50,000— Warehouse In vicinity of Fourth and
Townsend sts.: 99x240 feet: two frontages.
$13,000 — Corner Green and Powell sts. ; 70x70;
3-story building; rents $132.
$12,500— Union St., near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house; 25:5x128:9; rents $97.
ISOOO— Ellis St., near Octavia; 25x120; house of
8 rooms and bath.
$7250 — Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 25x
100; house ot 12 rooms.
$6iXiO— Grove St., near Central ave.; 25x137:6;
new three-story bay-window flats; rents $50.
$600Ch- Vallejo St., near Mason: 48:l»ixl37:«.
with an L: 2 flats and rear house; rents $64.
$6000— Folsom St., near Eighth; 25x90; 2 flats;
rents $16.
$5000— Green Bt., near Dupont; 26:6x80; 3 bay-
window flats; rents $35.
$5000 — Rents $75 per month: corner two main
streets. In northern part of city.
; $4500 — Keamy St., near- Union; 20x80 to rear
street; 2 houses; rents $38 25.
$4250— Webster St., near Filbert; 25x100; 6 room
cottage.
$3730— Ellis St.. near Pierce, 30x75: cottage.
$3500 — Greenwich St., near Mason; 46x60; 2-
Btory house of 8 rooms and bath.
$290O~Central ave.. near Hayes St., store and
4 rooms and bath: 25x100.
$1700 — Auguste place, near Green; 54x20; 3
flats; rents $24.
UNIMPROVED.
$S00O— Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth; «8x9S.
$7500— Valencia st.. near 26th; 60x90.
$6000 — Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts.;
86x100; will subdivide.
$4000~Church st., near 26th; JOOxlOO.
$3500— Fulton, near Fillmore 1 . 32:6x137:6.
$3000-rCor. Waller and Belvedere sts. ; 25x108:9.
¦ $3000 — Laguna St., near Page; 25x100.
$2750 each — Post St.. near Devisadero; 2 lots.
30x90— W. line of Mission, S. of Army; 3 lots.
$2000— Waller si.,' near Stanyan; 25x100.
$1750— Corner Castro and Alvarado; 26:6x105.
$1500 — Sutter St.. near Lyon; 35:3x100.
$1500— Union St., near Pierce; 25:2x100.
$1000— Angelica, near Nineteenth; 36x63.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
626 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established lsSS.
Post St., near Jones; great future; lo # t 26:3x
137:6; sold to close an estate.
$17,000^ — Fulton St., between Polk st. and Van
Ness ave.; lot 50x120 to Ash ave.
$6500— Capp Ft., near Twenty- third; rents $65;
flats all rented: 37:6x122:6.
$6300 — Laundry: well leased; Lombard St.,
near Fillmore; 68:9x137:6.
California st., adjoining corner Polk; lot BOx
87:6; must be sold to close estate.
$8000— McAllister st., near Laguna; rents $57;
lot 26:6x120 to Locust ave.
$5000— Baker St., near Sacramento: 8 rooms
and bath; In perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$2300— Bryant st., near Seventh; 2 cottages;'
rents $20; lot 20xSO.
$3600— Elizabeth, near Castro; store and flats;
rents $30; lot 25x114.
$4230— Octavia St., near Halght; an elegant
lot for modern flats: 37:6x100.
Offer wanted for an elegant modern cottage
home, 5 rooms and bath; lot 24x100.
$3500 — Greenwich St.. between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$2450— Cottage and lot: 23d, near Diamond; 4
rooms and bath; modern conveniences; 25:10_
114.
$3250— Pleasant home in the Mission; near 18th
and Valencia sts.: 7 rooms and bath; must sell.
MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON,
323 Montgomery st.
$2500— PE. cor. Larkln and Filbert; 41x62; fine
"site for home or flats: very cheap.
$5500— NW. cor. Hyde and Filbert: 60x137; fine
site, for a home: Hyde-st. cars.
$5500— SW. cor. Grove and Devisadero; 34x110;
on main drive to Park.
$1350 each for lots. Chestnut, near Stockton;
22:11x137:1; street accepted; make an
offer.
$17,000— Business property: Fillmore, near Cali-
fornia: rents' $1450 per annum; never
vacant.
' HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
$1200 EACH.
$1300 each-r-2 lots 60x123, with elegant view
$1300 each — overlooking the city; on Dolores
$li00 each — st., near Twenty-fourth; close to
$1300 each— the* cars and ready for building.
S1300 each— They are worth $1700 each; $1050
• $1300 ea.ch— mortgage on each lot at the bank.
$1300 each — These lots must be Bold.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
$100 CASH, balance easy terms; a fine new
cottage home In the Mission; well built; well
arranged and strictly up to date : % will be sold
at a low price. •
$3000— Rents $40; faces two streets; great
snap; Vallejo st.. near Kearny.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st,
THREE. 4 and 5 room cottages: easy terms, or
will take vacant lot part payment. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market Bt. ¦
LEVEL lots; near Ingleside and cars;, low
prices; easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO..
. b46 Market St. , ; , V - ,- ~ -
MISSION cottage; 8 rooms and bath; large lot;
terms to suit buyer. . Owner 413 Kearny st.
J1075 HOUSE, 4 rooms and bath; Installments.
204 Congo St.. Sunnyslde. .
RICHMOND Panhandle lots; $30 cash, $10 per
month: Interest at 7 per cent; Clement st.,
14th 15th and Point Lobos aves.: 25x127:6;
faclnguhe New Panhandle from the Park to
the Presidio. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
. gomery st. . . .
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. .630 Market: 2d mortgages; estate*.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell, 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE. I
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery st.
BARGAINS IN LOTS.
, $1500— Stanyan St., near Carl; 20x107:6.
$2300 — Clay, north side, near Lyon; key lot;
27:6x100.
$600— Golden Gate, north side, near Wlllard;
25x137:6.
$2230 — Green, north side, n«ar Cough; 25x112:6.
$3200— Sacramento, corner, near Devisadero;
29x100.
$3S50 — Clav-st. corner. Inside of Central ave.;
31:3x105.
$1200— Sacramento, near Spruce; 27:6x132:7.
» $2600 — Pacific ave., corner of Walnut; 32:6x
63:10.
$225G-Green, north side, near Laguna: 23x
137:6.
$1200— Liberty, north side, near Sanchez;
50x114.
$4;-00— Pacific ave., north side, near Broderlck;
27:6x127:8.
$4000 — Washington, north side, near Steiner;
27:tixl-7:8.
$2500— Twenty-fifth St., N*E. corner Castro;
E0xS9. !
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. i
22 Montgomery st. I
$i:00-TWO flats and let 41:3x127:6, north side
of Post St.. between Broderick and Uaker:
only half the lot built upon: this is a itreut i
bargain. O. D. BALDWIN &. SON. 22 Mont-
gomery St.
$7500— RENTS $C7 50 per month; two new flats
on Ashbury St. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. j
22 Montgomery st.
$10,C00-HAND?OME home on Pacific ave.: 10
rooms and bath, furnace, etc.; lot 35x137:j.
best location. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. tl
Montgomery st.
$[«J0O— PACIFIC Heights residence: large lot; i
fine house; good marine view; a snap. O. D. I
BALDWIN & SOX, £2 Montgomery Bt. j
IHSAl- ESTATE COOTKV Vor Sale
ATTENTION, Home-Seekers.
We are subdividing one of the finest pieces I
or orchard land in the famous Santa Clara ;
Valley, known as the San Martin Kanch. 71 j
miles from San Francisco on the main line; i
two trains daily: railroad station on the place; I
town of San Martin part of the property. !
with $3000 schoolhouse: surrounded by beauti-
ful orchard homes; will sell in tracts M suit
upon payment of 25 per cent down, bulance
6 yer cent net; will r*;und fare to buyer;
maps and photos at office.
We have made arrangements with the rail-
road comiany to sell excursion tickets on
Sunday for $2 50 for round trip; cars leave j
Third and Townsend streets at 9 a. m. ; back ¦
In San Francisco at 4:10 p. m.. uivlng two '
hours on ranch; free carriage: Mr. Hush will j
accompany buyers each Sunday; tickets. Sat- |
urday to Monday, $3.
DAVID BUSH & SON, M Post st^
FRESNO County Bargain.
630 acrrs of land, all fenced and cross I
fenced; situated about 12 miles west of Fresno. ]
on railroad to Collis; railroad station on place; ;
260 acres in alfalfa, balance crain land; 1^5 |
head of cattle. 50 head horses (roadsters); !
3C0 hogs; good house of 8 rooms and bath: I
sl>eds. feed racks; includes all farmins toold {
ar.d machinery (2 mowers); and includes 4
water rights; price .on application; easy!
terms; " this is a gilt-edged income property
and well-known ranch. DAVID BU_H A. i
SON. 14 Post St. - i
: $2000— POSITIVE bargain In a stock ranch in
Calaveras County; 300 acres; all fenced,' new
8-room residence, barn and outbuildings;
family orchard; wood and water; 1^0 acres j
tillable.
$1000 — 312 acres; Lake County; stock ranch;
fenced and cross-fenced; 5-room house, 2 barns
and outbuildings; wood and water; nice or- ;
chard; 100 acres In cultivation; must be sold;
make an offer.
$2500 — Another bargain In 400-acre stock I
ranch, Lake County; 50 acres valley land; 7- ]
room residence, barns, orchard, wood and !
water.
$2000 — 10 acres San Joaquin County: 5-room I
house, saloon, barn and business; paying over |
$100 per month net Income. C. F. MOORE, 935 |
Market st.. room 6.
, __ 1 j
AT a sacrifice — A handsome place of 5 acres, 2 j
miles from Vallejo and Mare Island Navy-
yard; located on high ground; splendid view; |
f hard finished 8-room house; all necessary out- i
buildings adjoining each other; 2 new Aer-
motor windmills; water piped _>> over place; i
the land Is set out with orchard and orna- !
mental trees; fruit trees of all kinds and of I
; best varieties In full bearing; this property is j
a beautiful home and in perfect condition;
price $3500 cash or $5500 in exchange for city
or Oakland Income property. For particulars
address F. HOLLMAN. Vallejo.
A— Orange grove for sale; 20 acres full bearing;
will subdivide In 5 and 10-acre lots If required;
mostly navels: now \* the time to examine
same, as fruit will be ready for market In
early November; location. Thermalito, 1 mile
from Orovllle, Butte Co., Cal. Terms and
particulars JOHN H. BODEX. 504 Battery.
93 ACRES orange and grain land: 60 acres level:
owner must have money; If sold within 5 days
will accept $300. SCIIWEIXHARD & CO.. 917
Market St.. bet. 6th and 6th; tel. Mint 1911. |
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
3000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
- list. More than all other agents In this city.
N. D. SICKELS. the land agent, C Geary st.
TO LEASE — Sather ranch. San Pablo Creek.
Contra Costa County; 1150 acres; 230 acres
grain land; well watered; railroad facilities.
In person to R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park.
ONE acre for Bale; well Improved: house, trees,
water; near station: store, church, school.
GUY H. SALISBURY. San Jose.
PRINTED list— M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1;
farms and city property exchanged or sold.
STOCK and grain ranch for sale In Colusa Co.;
1240 acres; $10 an acre; 500 grain, rest In hill
land. M. S. CHAXDON. Marysvllle, Cal.
FOR sale--At a bargain, new house, 8 rooms,
bath an*d basement; southern exposure: hot
and cold water throughout; near station; at
Belmont: elevated; magnificent view; 6 acres;
3 pasture, 2 orchard, 1 acre around house; all
fenced; barn and fine hen houses; excejjjent
water supply: removing East, hence will sell
at sacrifice: Investigate and make reasonable
offer. Apply to JOHN D. ALLAN, Belmont.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F-— $40 to $80 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sixes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Sth floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.
$10.000— A FINE bearing vineyard of 33 acres;
the crop ready In six weeks; estimated at
$2500; district free of frost and free of dis-
ease: \Vi miles from Cloverdale: winery, ca-
pacity of 70.000 gallons; this place wants In-
spection to be fully appreciated: will not b«
forAale after the 1st of September. ' Address
T. J. D., 344 Cloverdale.
FOR sale or exchange In one of the best coun-
try towns In State consisting of half Interest
In principal brick corner: 60x140; containing
6 stores; also 3 cottages in town; all rented;
reasons of selling business in city; snap for
parties desiring country property. Box 1976.
Call ofrlce.
FOR rent — 275-acre farm. Alameda Co.; cash
rent. H. H. CRANE, 60S California st.
SIint'RRAX REAL ESTATE.
$7500—5 mln. from Ross station; modern house,
10 rooms, stable, orchard and plenty &hn_e
trees. Box 1941. Call office.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
IF you desire to exchange your property or
business send us particulars. " We will mall
you trade list snd make an offer for your
property. SCIIWEINHARD & CO., 917 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Sth and 6th.; tel. Mlnt*19U.
$3000—23 ACRES highly Improved, at Callytoga;
8 acres prunes, besides vines; cottage five
rooms, etc.: all clear: trade for Oakland Im-
proved property. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland. •,
ALAMEDUDVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JOHN A. GAMMILL. Rear Estate, 1340 Park st.
$2300— A basement cottage on Park St., near the
bay; contains 6 large rooms; big pantry,
closets, bath, 2 toilets, 7-ft. basement. IS
_27 of which is cemented: stationary tubs,
etc.; also 2 large unfinished attic bed-
rooms; all In first-class order; lot 50x150;
Bell at less than half the cost; mortgage
$1300. JOHN A. GAMMILL. 1340 Park
st., Alameda.
$2jOO— TO close an estate: fine northwest corner,
123x200; house, barn, well, windmill; lot cov-
ered with fruit and ornamental trees; street
work all don*; a rare bargain. E. D. JUDD
CO., 1424 Park st.. Alameda.
$400 CASH, balance easy terms, will buy a
choice new house of S rooms; 50 foot lot; price
$3550. Owner. 1243 Park st ¦
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
COLOXIAL cottage,' 6 rooms and bath; com-
plete, modern Improvements: gas fixtures
tiled sink, porcelain bath, stationary tubs
etc.; lot 46x123; one block to train and electric
cars; price $2000; $100 down, balance $20 per
month. HENSLEY, GREEN & CBRJEN,
room 14, fifth floor, Mills building.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DBRKELEHr REAL ESTATE.
J12C0 — 5 ROOMS and bath; 2 lots. 40x115 each:
rustic barn and chicken-house: well and
pump; }.00 cash; balance $13 per month. W.
C. MORAN.
JSGO— $"0 CASH, balance $10 per month; 4-roora
cottage; hard finish and papered: corner lot.
40x100; all sewered. W. C. MORAN.
|3C0— 5 ROOMS and bath; sold for J1S0O; bank
loaned J14C0 on this place: $100 cash; balance
I1C per month. W. C. MORAX.
$2000— NEW 5 and S room cottages In heart of
town; tiled sink, porcelain bath, stationary
tubs, ftr.e mantel; 3 blocks to train; $100 cash,
balance $20 per month; lots. 42_12O and 46x12-:
all sewered, etc. W. C. MORAN.
$.1."'.:ii — $:.,.> IN cash, balance same as rent, will
buy a new 8-room house with all modern Im-
provements; 3 blocks to train: electric car
passes the door. W. C. MORAN^
$2500 WILL buy a lot 100x115; only one bloc_
from I". C. grounds: If you want a snap see
thla. W. C. MOHAN. Lorln Sta.. Berkeley.
J22CU-TOU really should see this; It's worth
Inspection: Just completed; southeast corner
Tele_ra;ih ave. ar.'l Derby st. : 5-room cot-
tage, finished In a thorouRhly workmanliXa
manner in every respect; with electric light.',
raa connections', etc.. and only 10 minutes'
walk from the university. Apply to MASOM
& McLENATHEN. adjoining P. O.. Berkeley
station.
HILLEGA-i Tract; all lots 16.J feet In deoth:
perfect drainage; accessible; only 4 blocks
from Dwieht way station: all streets sewer-
ed. grad«-d an.l macadamized: the cheapest
choice property in Alameda County. Apply
to MASON _.- McLENATHEX. adjoining P.
o.. Berkeley station.
BERKELEY Height*. 350 feet above sea level,
and only 2 blocks from Berryman station;
the u-rmtnus of the Telegraph ave. electric
rallrurvl: an uninterrupted view of the bay.
Oakland, San Francisco and the Golden Gate;
streets sewered, graded and macadami_e_.
Apply to MASON & McLENATHEN. adjoln-
1ns P. O.. Berkeley station.
COZY cotta&e in first-class condition; nearly
new: 5 large rooms: bath, pantry, hot and
cold water, windmill and tank; fruit tre«».
floorer sarden. chicken house and barn; all
ffncfd and cross-fenced: large lot; 2 blocks
I rallroa.l station and electric . cars, school.
churches and stores; price $1100; only t-90
cash, balance $12 SO monthly. Tako Berkeley
train, ect off at Lorln station, ask for Rli-
j DOLPH. PERKINS & LTON CO.; ofttc*
open Sundays.
; DO you want a home? If so call at our offlce
• and we will show you a 4-room cottatfe with
bath and pantry, in ftood order; lot 50x123; all
ft-nced and cross- fenced; price $1000; only
$1".O cash, balance $12 monthly; this Is fore-
closed property and Is well worth $1300; good
location. Take Uerkeley train. *et oft* at
Lorln Rtat'on. ask for RtrDOLPH. PERKINS
I & LTON CO. ; office open Sundays.
; f-SSO— 9-ROCOd cottage near university; lot 40
' _n.". a bargain: fruit trees and flowers.
Ele«ant lot: 7"»_130; one block of university:
! only on* Wt: mu»t be sold. WCRT3. Seven-
teenth ar.d Broadway.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
I Acent. 324 Montgomery St.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 87x150. with modern
I house of 9 room*.
j $2000— A NEW 6-room cottage; connected with
1 ras and water mains; street work all done:
i electric cars Das* the property; cash or In-
! stallinents. Apply to MASON & McLENA-
THEN. adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
I SAFE investment for $7CC0; block of land faror-
! ably lceated near comlnc Santa Fe Rallroai.
; Partlmlara C.W1LLMOTT. »1* Market wt..g.r.
I FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
j FRl'ITVALE REAL ESTATES.
: FOR PALE BY H. A. PLEITNErT
1 HZ? — Cozy cottaee of 3 rooms; chicken-house;
I iroc.d well and cun p. lot 25x100.
j $*5ft — Bay-wiTv.1">*r cottage of 3 larne room-
I and bath, hall, front and back porch. bas.»m-"iT.
! etc.; only 3 blocks from local train; easy terms
j If desired.
) $3r>0— New cot'asre of 3 lan?e room*- 7- foot
basement: (food Vrick foundation: chicken house,
i etc.; lot 73x100; all fenced; $100 cash, balance
I same as rent.
I $1000— Cottage of 4 rooms and bath: stationary
I tubs; chicken houses, fruit trees; lot 25x104;
| connect with main sewer; only one blocK from
j Fruitvale ave.
I $ll:>iv- Cottage of 4 rooms and hall; ifood welT.
I windmill and tank; lot £0x120; all fenced; threa
| blocks from local train.
$iwo — Modern two-story nous© of 8 rooms and
; bath: fine mantel, etc.; corner lot; near station;
| must sell at once.
$16C0— Splendid buy for a home or Investment:
! fine modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lar<*
hall; fine mantel: 7-ft. basement; fruit trees;
connected with main sewer: only one -lock
from local train; must be sold.
$1700— New cottage of 4 large rooms and bath;
hall, marble washstar.d. stationary tuba: (-ft.
basement: choice fruit trees In bearing; lot 70x
116; all fenced: located In the best part of
Fruitvale.
A fine home of l\i acres; house of % rooms;
porcelain bath, mantel, basement; fine artesian
well, windmill and tank: 3 blocks from electric
cars. For particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station. C_L
FOR SALE BT J. W. ELROD.
$1050— Four-room house: corner lot 30xllS:
street work all done; cement walks In front and
up to house; bath and bay window; easy terms
If desired.
$1300— Six-room house, stood as new; 10 min-
utes' walk to local station; lot 30x125 feet: small
barn on place; I can sell you thla place on vary
easy terms.
• $1400— A 6-room house In East Oakland: street
work done; good neighborhood; lot 50x150; easy
terms: bank loaned $21 JO on this place at on-
time.
$1600— House of 5 rooms. 3 blocks from th»
station: lot 37x100 feet: nice lawn and flowers;
bath and marble washstand; small payment
down, balance can remain on mortgage.
$19M — Five-room house, new and modern,
within 10 minutes of Frultvale station: lot 90x
133 feet; 10 per cent off for cash; this la a bar-
gain; see tt.
$32S— Lots near Frultvale station; we are sola
agent for these lots and they are th» only lots
now on the market near the station; they an*
1, 2 and 3 short blocks from the station; we
will sell you these lots on easy terms, $23 down
and 2 years to pay the balance, at 7 per cent
Interest,
Don't fall to send for full printed list of
houses, lota, small fruit farms and chicken
ranches.
Best climate on Pacific Coast: plenty of sun-
shine: no cold winds; no foe: 50 mlnutea from
San Francisco: half-hourly trains; monthly
commutation $3.
J. W. ELROD. Fruit-ale Station.
H. W. DAVIS. REAL ESTATE AND LOAN'S^
$300— Lot 60x200 feet; covered with choice fruit
trees.
$300— Lot 50x150; Frultval* ave.. near local
trains.
$100 and up for choice lots.
$RoO and ur> for bouses and lots.
Choice Frultvale properties to exehanse for
Eaa Francisco and ranch property.
Terms to suit yo_.
See H. W. DAVIS. Frultval* ave.. 1 block
from station.
C. SEITZ. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
A— 6 acres: chicken ranch and house of •
rooms for rent, only $13 a month; stock la
for sale cheao, containing 5W) chickens. Incu-
bators, brooders and all Implements: rare
chance for a chicken raiser.
A 1-acre ranch with 5-room house for $10
a month; stock for sale very cheap.
Lot 50x145 for $100: all level and handy to
cars and school: In Fltchbursf.
IN beautiful AHendale Tract; only $350; most
central corner for business; lot 55x100; fenced;
house, barn for horse and cow. shed, chicken
house and excellent well of water. Inquire
on premises of lift. FRITZ, AHendale ave.
and Short St.: no agents.
olKUNnDVERTiSEMENTS.
•OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HAVE you ever seen or heard of such an op-
portunity? Just completed. 2-story hous*> of
6 rooms, bath, reception hall, etc. ; open
nickel-plated plumbing, finished tn curly red-
wood, dovetailed paneied. beam ceiling, tint-
ed walls. In fact everything that makes home
beautiful; lot 30x135. facing Telegraph ave..
near Thirty-second st. : most wonderful to say
you can buy this beautiful home for $500 cash
and. assume mortgage of $3000 flat loan. A. J.
SNYDER. Real Estate, 457 Ninth «L, Oakland.
THE CHEAPEST AND FINEST HOUSE IN
OAKLAND.
NEW 2-story 7-room. bath and reception hall;
DlumbiDt open nickel plated, finished In
Oresron ash (hardwood), beam ceiling ; every
room, nook and corner a pleasure to th« eye.
Lot 40x135: facing on that prominent ave-
nue. Telegraph, near Thirty-second st. This
property carries a mortgage of $3500. which
denotes a valuation of not less than $7000:
price only $4i». A. J. SNYDER & CO.. Real
Estate. H~ Ninth St.. Oakland.
41 ACRES to rent near Oakland; rich land,
with buildings, tools, wagons and stock.
SALSBURY. 439 Ninth st, Oakland.
$1400— COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath; barn; a bar-
gain. Owner. 103 Fourth st.. Oakland.
For Additional Classified Advertiso-
znents Set Fag. 38.SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued from Page Thirty-Nine.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, Aurust 25.
Stmr Fulton, Duggan, i 43 hours from San
Pedro.
Ship Bt David, Lyons, 154 days from New
York.
Br bark Strathdon, "Walker, ,70 days from
Newcastle, NSW ' "A \ '
Schr Lily, Bottger, 6 days from Umpqua.
Schr Chas R Wilson. Johnson, 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
SAILED.
Saturday. Aucust 25.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Willapa Harbor.'
Stmr Newsboy, . Higreins, Albion.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SUVA— Sailed July 14— Schr C A Thayer. for
Grays Harbor.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Ausr 18— Br stmr Doric,
for San Francisco; Br Btmr Algoa, for San
Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MOVILLE— Arrived Aug 25— Stmr Anchoria,
from New York, for Glasgow, and proceeded.
Sailed Aug 2»— Stmr City of Rome, for New
York. : ¦
- MARSEILLES— Arrived Aug: 2S— Stmr Cali
fornia, from New York, for Leehorn, etc.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Aug 25— Stmr
Bra*mer, from Portland. .*¦
CHERBOURG— Sailed Aus 25— Stmr St Paul,
from Southampton, for New York. '
NEW YORK— Sailed Aub 25— Stmr Lucanla.
for Liverpool ; - stmr Pennsylvania, for Ham
burg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; Btmr llln
nenaha, for London; stmr Spaarndam, for Rot
terdam,, via Boulogne; stmr Sardinian, for
Olaseow: stmr Ethiopia, for Glassrow. ¦•-..
Arrived Aug 25— Stmr L'Aqultaine, from
Havre; Btmr Rotterdam, from Rotterdam.
ANTWERP-Sailed Aug 25-Stmr Western
land, for New York. -
_ ST VINCENT. C - V— Arrived— Stmf Octavla.
fr ° I ?, r Blin Francisco, etc, for Hamburg.
LI\ EKPOOL— Arrived Aug 25— Stmr Taurie,
* m ,,. L ew York; Btmr Ikbal. from Philadelphia.
Sailed Aug 25— Stmr Campania, for New York.
¦ HAVRE— Sailed Aug 25— Stmr La Touraine.
for Ne^v York. ¦ . ¦ .¦ .
"£, KOBE— Sailed Aue 25— Stmr Alsacla, for San
Francisco.
Calculated at the price paid by the pri
7£ r» co . ns « mer . ' the - f gas . burnt daily at
the Paris Exposition costs about £50.
"The wind-up of as queer a pice© of
work as ever I heard of came a couple of
weeks ago in my town, when a well
known crook was accidentally shot by an
officer, who was resisting a crowd of
street car strikers, and died In hospital,
after telling his story," said' a 'St.' Louis
detective who was In Washington on a
still hunt last week. "The job, began
eight years ago, and it got a perfectly in
nocent-woman Into two years of that sort
of trouble which consists in .wearing a
gray dress the shape of a gunnysack and
of going to sleep at night behind two
inch iron bars. I'll have to take you to
the beginning of -it to give you the con
nection.
"One summer afternoon, about eight
years ago, a truck drove up in front of a
swell - St. Louis house, not far from
Shaw's Gardens, and one of the three
men .in the truck walked up the front
steps and pulled the bell. The only per
son-who happened to be in the house was
the maid of the lad v of the house. It
was an afternoon - off for the other ser
vants and the mistress of the household
was down town on a 3hopplng expedition.
"'Here's that sofa,' said the man who
pulled . the door : bell.
-"'My mistress didn't tell me she was
expecting any sofa,' said the young wo
man to the man, in some surprise.
".'Well, it must ha' been ordered—
here's the . name and address.' : said tho
man on the steps, producing a card. The
card was all right, and it showed that the
sofa, or," rather, the box couch, as Jt
proved., to be, had been ordered from- a
well-known St. Louis furniture establish
ment. -.: . -: ..•¦¦¦
"The maid was In a quandary as - to
DYING THIEF WHO
RIGHTED GREAT WRONG
HOTEL ARRIVAL S.
PALACE HOTEL.
T A Riordan. Ariz
Mrs Riordan, Ariz
Mrs S Hellbrun. Ohio
Miss F Heldman. Ohio
Miss R Levy, Ky
Miss E Levy, Ky
Mrs Carson, e, Cal
J V R Hoff, USA
J Goebel. Cal
Mrs Goebel. Cal
W E Gerber, Sacto
E S Gordon, Sta Rosa
Mrs Gordon, Sta Rosa
W H Howiett, N iT
W R Dudley, Stafford
E G Dudley, Stanford |
W W Leach, Mo
The" Misses Leach. Mo
W A Brewer. S Mateo
F J Wolverhill, Kana
A W Vollmer. Pa.
Dr N Churchman. Or
C B Sharon, Fresno
D Schroder? Cal
P G Randall/ Boston
MissH G Stevenson.Cal
G II Taylor, Denver
Mrs Taylor, Denver
A James, Milwaukee
V de TocquevUle. Paris
Mme TocquevUle. Paris
M TocquevUle. Paris
G TocquevUle. Paris
S R Burton. Ohio
M E Murphy, Ohio
W J Murphy, Ohio
Mrs W J Murphy, Ohio
A H Anderson, London
W R Planten. N Y
Miss W P Planten. NY
J C Conn. N Y
A 1a Levinsky, Stkn
jP H Yost. Stanford
S W Frost, Ohio
Mrs Frost. Ohio
Miss Bernard, Ohio.
Miss Bohen. Ohio
W R Burnham, Conn
J Mark.- NY
L Stznoret, Paris
A Weil. Paris
C C Block. U S N
F L Mathewg. Pa
H H V Meyer, Chicago
C Kohn, Portland
Dr H J Crasson. Wash
Mrs C L Whttney.Masj
Miss M L Whitney. Mao
C B Whitney, Mass
B Whitney. Mass
'Mrs D-K Horton. Cal
Miss M Horton. Cal
j B Horton, Cal
H B Dougherty, S Joss
iP B Buchanan. Mont
I Mrs Buchanan. Mont
C B Wheaton. Alameda.
'.Mrs Wheaton, Alameda
F D Wallace, Los Ang
C L Gray. N Y
|G Delllng, Germany
ORAND HOTEI*
Miss M Bascter. Oakld
O S McKenzie. Xapa
M J Dlllman, Sacto
F R Remel, Sacto
C J Ward, Chicaso
M Walker, Des Molnes
H D Altken. Prescott
J Raymond, Cal
F IJppman. Berkeley
W D Shaughnesey. Cal
F E Valentine, Sacto
A B McKenzie, Cal
'A L Redlick. Fresno
H'T Winston, U 8 N
J D Smith. Danville
H H Tracy, Cal
J A Miller. Oakland
W A Pitts, Arizona
A L Oppenheimer, Mln
Mrs M Kahn & Son.
Willows
H Schuck, Cal
Mrs D C Wllffus, L An
J W Wood. Pasadena
W W Lelthead. CaJ
M. W. Cohn. Guaymaa
A Cowen. NY
Mrs Boyd & dau. Ariz
Mrs J E McMullen, la
E B Waterman, Cal
M Kahn. Willows
D L Allen, Los Ang
J de Land. St Louis
W E Ashton & w, Pa
J W Waterman, Cal
A -K Pratt. St Helena
Mrs J M Findley. Cal
Mrs W L Ashe, Cal
Mrs F W Henderson.
Merced
M M Harris. Los Anc
Dr O Orr & w. Oafc Pk
O W Harner & w. Cal
J Gardiner, Col
Miss A Murray, Toront
Miss L, Murray. Toront
J W Llnscott, S Cruz
SI Goldsmith, Chgo
Miss McMullln, Vancou
Mists Cottrell, Vancau
Miss Cameron. Manitob
Mrs D Batey. Wash
Miss S IJatey. Wash
Mrs H M»Albury. Cal
Miss E Kirk. S Rafael
jMra R S Kirk, Dawmn
IP K Lamb, Stanford
C E Lilly. Stanford
J A Miller Jr. Stanfd
; O Lawrence. Sunol
L Prior, Tulare
C A Newton. Chgro
Mrs VT Wallace. Cal
Mrs. Krimsen — The fact of John's hav
ing blue eyes and red hair makes It so
hard for us to decide.
Mrs. Azues— So hard to decide what?
Mrs. Krimsen— Whether to send him to
Yale or to Harvard. — Brooklyn Life.
"You don't mean to tell me that you
spend on an average an hour a day play
ing whist!" said the man who takes life
very seriously Indeed.
"Yes." answered the friend.
"Maybe. But what's the use? I couldn't
get any fun out of Sanskrit."—Washing
ton Star.
"That is six hours a week. "Why. my
dear sir, do you realize that with the
time thus consumed you could learn Sans
krit in six months or so?"
Some statistics are supplied by the Cali
fornia Petroleum Miners' Association con
cerning the scale of operations of the oil
miners In California. These are summar
ized In the statement that there are 271
wells in process of sinking, of which 142
are north of Tehachapl, mainly In the San
Joaquin Valley. Coallnga has 32, McKlt
trick district 29 and the Kern River dis
trict 35, making a total of 96 In the San
Joaquin Valley. Loa Angeles is sinking
3S wells, Whlttier 11, Brea Canyon 12.
Puente 7, and Fullerton 14. Ventura dis
trict is credited with sinking 43, Summer
land 4, Kreyenhagen district 3S and Mendo
cino, Colusa and other places 8. The daily
total production of all the districts is es
timated at 11,466 barrels and the total
tankage at i84,000 barrels, of which the
San Joaquin Valley. has 95,000.
Figures derived- from an authentic
source indicate that the total daily pro
duction of all wells in Pennsylvania aver
aged tf7,33o barrels. The net stocks of
Pennsylvania oil at the -close of 1S99
amountea to 13,1U3,S1» barrels, and on July
30 to 13,729,69$ barrels. Adding the net
stocks of the Buckeye and other pipe lines
handling Lima oil makes the net stocks at
the present time 26,800,275 barrels. The
Buckeye pipe line runs averaged 51,di3
"barrels a uay in July, or 213$ barrels below
the Juno average, which wa3 tne neavifSt
on record since September, 1SU7. The
total runs of Pennsylvania and Lima oils
amounted to 14y,411 carrels a day and the
shipments to 120.S80 barrels a. day In July.
For June the runs averaged 163, 1 20 barrels
and the shipments 133.1M barrels a day.
Professor *V. L*. U aas ut me Suite Awn
ing Bureau reports that as the rock ex
posures on the bank of the Kern River
show no evidence of any lault or line of
geological disturbance, to which the
course Of the river might be attributed,
and as the terraced Uaniis of the river
indicate a long period of gradual erosion,
there is reasonable probability that remun
erative oil yielding formations will be dis
covered on the south side of the river.
The San Francisco Savings Union is
litigating with the R. G. R. Petroleum
and Alining Company over the right of
riparian owenrship on the water front of
Ortega Hill, Santa Barbara County. The
San Francisco Savings Union haa ac
quired the Ortega rancho and owns Or
tega Hill, claiming that the southern
boundary line is the line of high-water
mark. The R. G. R. Petroleum and Min
ing Company located a so-called mining
claim in front of the Ortega Hill, below
high-water mark, and proceeded to erect
a platform for the purpose of sinking
wells in the ocean. The Savings Union
then commenced suit to restrain the con
struction of the platform and the sinking
of wells. The question which will be de
termined by the court is whether a ri
parian owner or the owner of uplands on
the ocean has a right to prevent obstruc
tions, s-uch as oil derricks, etc., being
placed In front of the property.
The Secretary of War has granted per
mits to the oil companies operating on
the Su'minerland tide lands to maintain
wharves for the purpose of mining: for
oil in the submarine oil fields.' Some
months ago the companies were notified
by the Government engineer for this dis
trict that tho maintenance of wharves
without the consent or the War Depart
ment conflicted with the Federal regula
tions covering mining privileges beiow the
high water mark, and the suggestion was
made that the wharves might interfere
with navigation. They were directed 10
apply to the Secretary of War for suc'n
consent. Since then the development of
this oil field beneath the ocean has been
At a standstill; but now the extension of
the wharves and the drilling of more
wells may continue without fear oi
further interference.
The Ims Angeles Capital says
The- island of Anacana. in the Santa Ana
channel, containing 1140 acres, has just been
surveyed and taken up under the mining laws
by a party frcm Ventura County. The other
channel islands are also believed to have val
vable deposits of oil. Santa Harbara Island
can sometimes be curiously seen by refraction
from Santa Monica, being really below the
horizon. It is not long since it was regarded
as absolutely worthless for ail purposes, but it
has lately been staked out by prospectors who
beileve that its oil indications are unusually
good. As to San Nicolas Island, little has
been known, except that it la a most desolate
E[>ot, and was used as a burial place by the
aborlsrlrnl dwellers in this region, but a seal
hunter who knows the island says that it has
a spring on which oil is always floating. There
is a strong oil spring under the surface, of the
eon, near one of the islands.
The Daily Mining Record, published at
Denver, says, referring: to the outside dis
cussion of the production of petroleum in
California:
New companies are being formed and the
production of oil is increasing. On the one
hand we are told by some unthinking idiots
that production Is increasing so rapidly as to
outstrip all possible consumption. Others again
never cease informlns us that oil companies
are organizing in such great numbers as must
eventually bankrupt the entire community.
All this we are now experiencing Just as Penn
sylvania experienced it some thirty-live years
aeo much to the sorrow and loss of Pennsyl
vania, for had the people of that State been
permitted to follow their own business Instincts
they would not have waited fifteen years for a
yearly production of 15.COfl.000 barrels an.l wn.cn
from that quantity tn 1&7S went on steadily in
creasing until it reached 33,<K'9,236 barrels in
1891 for the Pennsylvania fields alone.
• • ¦ • In 1SC4, the year that the Pennsyl
vanlans cc-ased to be scared by reports of over
production and superabundance of companies,
the total production of oil in the bnited States
was 2 116,109 barrels. In . 189S the production
was 54,734,770 barrels. Out of this total quan
tity California produced the very insignificant
nrooortlon of 2 237.207 barrels. And yet we hear
tlfk Ibout over-production of oil In California
as though its two million odd barrels were
going to 6wamD the universe. ¦• '
But here are some more figures: The total
quantity of oil produced in the United States
up to and including the year 1S9S was SSo.201.
693 barrels. Out of that quantity how much
does the reader suppose California has pro
duced? 12.097.2C9 barrets. And yet wears tod
that we must be on our guard, that Callfoi-nia
Is producing oil in such unlimited quantlty
that the whole world will not be able to con
sume It. ¦¦ ¦ ' .
Secretary of War Sanctions Mining in
Submarine Fields — Islands to
Be Exploited by the
Prospectors.
Eleven Thousand Barrels of
Petroleum Produced
THREE HUNDRED
NEW OIL WELLS
BEING DRILLED
where she should have the couch placed,
the establishment being already -pretty
wellBtocked with articles of furniture ot
that sort, but she finally directed the three
men to carry It to the second floor and
place It In one of the bedrooms. The men
deposited | the couch according to the
maid's directions and went their way. Th»
maid went to her own room on the third
floor to do some sewing for herself, and
a couple of hours later the mistress of the
establishment returned. The mistress ot
the establishment hadn't been in her room
two minutes before she discovered that
she was out just $6000 worth of diamonds
The jewels had been left by her In a Jewel
box in a bureau drawer, where she had
eeen them only a few moments before
leaving the house on her shopping expedi
tion, but when she opened the bureau
drawer upon her return the box was rme.
The rrfstress of the establishment made
careful search of the room and of the ad
joining rooms before she summoned tne
maid. Then she rang for the maid and
cross-examined her with reference to her
visitors during the aftemon. The maid
told the mistress that the three men with
the box couch had been the only visitors,
and showed her mistress the box t^J?i
The mistress at once said that she hafln t
ordered any box couch, and accused her
maid of being in cahoots with the three
men who had brought It. declaring that
the maid had arranged for them to bring
the couch in order to divert suspicion from
herself. The iflrl cried and protested and
went on her knees, but the mistress of tho
establishment was convinced that tm,
maid was the thief, or at least the accom
plice of the thieves, and she locked, the
doors and declared that when her husband
returned from his office she would have
the girl arrested. She did summon a
couple of men from the St. Louis central
office when her husband returned from
business and announced his beller, too,
that the girl was either crooked herself
or in league with crooks, and the de
tectives gathered the girl in. They inves
tigated her. and they found that she had
a first cousin who was a well-known
sneak thief. They failed to find that the
girl had ever had anything to do with the
crook but the mere fact that she haa
such a relative was enough, and when trie
girl was tried for the theft of the Jewels
It was the biggest po.nt against her. The
chief tried to put the girl through the
third degree, but she stuck to her asser
tion that she was Innocent In the face or
all sorts of promises of lighter punishment
if she would own up and' make some sort
of a statement that would give a line as
to where the jewels could De recovered.
ThC nerve with which she stuck to her as
sertion that she was innocent goc a lot of
her questioners going, but she was con
victed of grand larceny anyhow and sent
away for two years. .
"The girl didn't get any good time for
good behavior, for she became thoroushly
hardeneri over what she called the inius
tice of her conviction, and she cut up so
In prison that she had to do her entire two
years. She came out of prison a pretiy
soie. woman and a pretty hard one. ana
for a couple of years she went a pretty
craggy course — the central oiilce people
had their eyes on her all the time. She
didn't do anything to get herself behind
the bars again, but for all that 3he was
often pretty clo.-e to it. Well, some good
women of St. Louis came along and took
an Interest In the girl, who had a lot of
good traits that they saw, and they built
her up. They took care of her while she
was studying to be a trained nurse, and
a couple of years ago they got a fine po
sition for her as one of the trained nurses
In a leading St. Louis hospital.
"Weii, a couple ot weeks ago a sneak
thief well known to the St. Louis police
happened to get mixed up with a bunch of
streetcar strikers who were attacking a
car, and when one of the officers on the
car blazed away into the crowd this crook
got the bullet in his stomach. He waa
taken to the hospital In which this young
woman I am telling you about was a
trained nurse, and as soon as the surgeons"
looked him over they told him that he
was a goner. The man was perfectly con
scious and -pretty debonair at that for a
chap so near the big divide, and when the
consultation of the doctors around his
bunk was over and he saw a whlte-cappec!
nurse sitting at his side he gave a bit of
a start when he examined her features.
He looked at her intently for a while and
then he asked her to bend close to him.
for his voice wasn't particularly strong.
He then asked her if she hadn't done 'her
little two-year bit on the charge of lift
ing.' She frankly told him that she had,
and then he said to her:
"'Well, I'm glad I've run into you be- :
fore going into the discard. I got you
those two years, and I always meant to :
square you pome time, but they've
watched me so "close that I never had a j
show. It was me that made you do the j
tivr.c.'
"Then he told her ho-wr the job had been
cooked up and how he was inside the box
couch on the afternoon when it was de
posited in the bedroom on the second
floor of her mistress' establishment— how
airholes had been duly bored in the thin?
ro that he wouldn't smother— and how.
when the young woman had prone upstairs
to do her sewing- he had lifted the lid of
the box couch, done his little $0000 worth
of rummaging and tiptoed downstairs and
out of the. basement door. The nurse
called the superintendent of the hospital,
who knew her story, to listen to the
crook's statement and take it down when
the man repented it with his dying breath.
A copy of the dylnsr crook's confession
has been filed with the papers In connec
tion with the younR woman's trial and
conviction, and any time she wants a
home and the best going: with the mistress
who helped to swear her into State's
prison on circumstantial evidence all she
has to do is to say the word."—Washing
ton Star.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26,, 1900.
38
BATTYROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
' Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS.. ..9:30 a. m.. 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. J:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. It 44l
NE-VV TAVERN OF TAMAUPAIS NOW OPEN.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAK1.AM) REAL KSTATG. j
LAYMANCK REAL ESTATE CO.
UVli.\NCE HEAL ESTATE CO.
UY1UXCB REAL ESTATJ-- CO. ,
JSVHT—An Oakland mansion; tost over J60.- |
Ott); contains two acres; magnificent location, 1
sarrouaded with hands-ome homes: grand pano-
ramic v:evv; a bank tale; offer wanted; terms
co object.
|lS.0bo-An estate: cost in 1SS1 over 127.000;
an i.:ii-to-£.ite residence, 12 or more rooms, in ;
cne of ihf choicest central locations of the i
city; oiler wanted. !
$6.VK»_A beautiful Lakeside District resl- !
flence. 10 rooms, colonial style; new and mod- 1
cm. i
S15.C00— Cost JSi.OOP: elegant suburban home. |
10 rooms, modern; £ acres choicest fruit and j
shrubberies; situation is unexcelled; forcing
tale; efft-r wanted; a first-class property.
JSOOO — Hank mortfiace jr.;#O; half block. 300x
l£>0 with fine 10-room residence, surrounded
by final hnmei in L'ast Oakland; owner must
J-.aw money-
POCO— yomwriy $S0OO; fine two-story residence
on Biackstone Heights. Twenty-eighth and Tfci-
egrfcrh: * rooms; latest plumbing. 2 mantels,
frescoeti oeUtDCs; choicest situation; command- j
Ing view; bank mortKiiffe JiwO; Eastern owner |
authorizes tacrifice.
A PERFECT HOME AT A SACRIFICE.
J3500 — Cost SSCCu; cne of choicest bomu In i
central East Oakland; epeclally constructed for |
a home - jears agro; first-class order; 8 roonie, '
porcelain Lath, two fine mantels, fine gas fix- I
turee, electric appliances, floored attic and j
basement; two toilets; cement tuba; Etabie; I
corner lot. £0x150, with choicest fruit and j
shrubberies; appreciated If seen; 6upcrb loca- j
tlor.; extra value; can borrow J2J00 if wanted; !
local trains convenient.
I3rU) — Near Adeline etatlon; fine new colonial i
f-room hon-.e; beautifully situated; large lot; j
splendid value; pertect order; can secure terms. !
S3*'*— Five minutes' walk of Fourteenth and j
Broadway; rnocem S-room residence; porcelain
bath; near Tele^rarh ave., close In; choice lo- j
cation; msat t< :i.
flSOO— A snap; estate; splendid 2-story house; •
7 rooms, bath; nrst-class order; 4 blocks of 8th
and Bro&dv.ay.
$_So5— JCOO cash; beautiful one and a half
etory cottage of € and 2 rooms; curly redwood
finish interior and exterior; perfect order; rents '¦
tZZ month; near City Hall or Market station. !
|2600— Finest two acres of fruit around Oak- 1
Itnd; over 1000 currant bushes; horse, wagon, i
bujso ; chickens, pigeons; furniture of a cozy ;
3-roora cottage; well-to-do nun's little home; :
everyiMnz goes; eick and must sell.
J2S50 — No less; cost J4000; nearly 1 acre, witn ¦
ex>lendld C-room cottage; baih; within 5 mln-
utf-s" waik of choicest residence portion of iod
we, station; the r>est large lot offering In the
city of Oakland; new mortgage i_\KW; first to ;
get this eots a bargain.
S—X'*— Lakeside district, near 14th and Broad- i
way; r.cat S-room cottar*; lot 33 feet: always '
rented js) month; perfect order; mortgage $:C50; ',
ne«c!s money; must sell.
$C400— A perfect bridal home; really one of •
the prettiest new homes in the market; 7 rooms
eoul<! not be mure complete; choicely situated; ;
n^ar trains; near center of city; If you want a '
home, to see this is to admire It; cannot be du- j
plicated at present prices.
»:250— Corr.er lot: DO feet; Just 600 feet of two ]
Oakland banks, for which SGOOO was refused;
price seems Incredible; it's an estate being ,
•sacrificed.
J16C0 — $250 cash; eplenild two-etory house. (
rooms ; bath; stable; 30- root lot; first-class or- j
der er.d well located; near Peralta street; a ]
good home.
IT-OG — Only: an honest home for the money;
rood 2-story house, 7 rooms; bath; small stable;
newly painted; everything in good order; street ]
macadamized; Xorth Oakland, near station. ;
schools tj-.d electric cars.
JZ300 — 1250 caj-h; new; 8 rooms; porcelain
bath; £-*tory; corner lot; front* car line; very
cheac; it'e a bank Eale. :
LAYMAJSTCE HEAL ESTATE CO..
OfSce and Salesroom, 4S0-462 E#ffhth. st.,
Oakland.
•WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
In Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley.
J3TC0— COTTAGE— J37T5.
Llr.flen st.; cottage of $ rooms and bath: all
In fine condition; lot SuxlIO: property cost nearly ]
$6000; bank mortgage of KZuO can remain.
:40C0— TWO-STORY— J4000.
Prettiest home Jr. Fruitvale; tn best location; |
lot «."xlC0; house is new and all modern; finest i
j. ¦;::.(¦;:.,¦: hardwood floors; cemented basement, 1
with furnace; has & rooms ar<d bath; large re-
ception J.aii; en sunny side of street.
UOCO-^TCVO- STORY JiiOO.
¦\Vebster-st. home; best location; sunny side J
- of street; new and modern; S rooms and bath; 1
cemented basement with furnace; beautiful I
grounds.
JEiOO— TWO-STORY— JCCOO.
East Oakland home; tine location: NE. cor- i
xser: lot 7.".xl20: large modern house of 3 rooms, \
bath and basement, with furnace; cost owner .
JlO.f.'jO; clear lots taken in part payment; close i
to tschoois and csts.
J2CC0— A perfect gem; beautiful modern 6- ;
room cottaGe en West Et.» near Thirty-second; i
large lot; large rooms; pt-rfect arrarrgement ; !
ail open plumbing; new.
J10C0 — A bargain; lot TixlM. in Peralta'
Heights, In macadamized street; must be sold.
js..-,n — Beautiful ict on Second ave, near East j
Twelfth s-t., facing east; £7:6x100; worth easily '
K200.
Fcr additional list caM en or address
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
:<- Broadway. Oakland.
f2.10 CASH, balance flat at 8 per cent: new
EtMT a "d a half home of .8 rooms; porcelain
toth and tiled sink; gas fixtures and shades; :
fpmer.t walks; excellent neighborhood; near j
local trains and car lines. BELDEX &
chjJv. Washingrton and Fourteenth sts. I
$$50— FOl"R rooms, bath; high basement; brick
foundation; 1 block from electric cars; 10
minutes' walk to Hth and Broadway. BEL-
DEN & COOK. Washington and Fourteenth.
Jl&iG — NEW house of 6 rooms': modern through- >
out: sunny eitfe of street on McClure Heijrhts. i
BELDEN & COOK. Washington and Hth sts.
$1COT<— TWO flats of 4 rooms and bath each,
within easy walking diytar.ee of 14th and
Broadway; well rented. P.ELDEN & COOK.
WuMostca and Fourteenth sts.
J. L. DOBLE & CO.. 466 Eighth St., Oakland.
TdepbOM Red S6. Harsain List!! \
O'ive ran-'h 35 acres. 6 miles from Xapa, $3500.
Prune ranch 23 acre*. 3 miles from Santa
H *a. BSCfc
Seven-room bouse on Chestnut st. ; lot iOxlOO;
U«»: fist down, balance St'O per month.
Two flats an<1 a house on Tenth Bt. ; rent $35 !
per month; price |2W0.
Lod^ins-house of tO rooms on Washington
et.; $12%.
Ix-dsir.p.-house of 4S rooms on San Pablo ave.;
. pSOC; rent $100.
* BOCSES. forr.e new; acquired by mortgage
*-7 bank: must be sold at once; easy terms;
a chance to secure a home at rent rates. E.
E. BUXCE. removed to SS2 Broadway, Oak-
:3Cd -
I!> HOUSES and cottages for sale, required by
t>snk mortgage that 1 am authorized to sell;
<-a*y terms; «orr.e. fame as rent; send or call
for what you want. •
Ranches for salo from 10 acres to 50.000 acres.
Thirty-pate cataiosue of homes.
E. E. BUXCE,
Removed to 952 Broadway. Oakland.
, $175 CAEH. 110 monthly; new cottage, 3 large
room.*; 7-foot basement; brick foundation: i
laree level iotB. 00x2>6; price all told 1773;
will ipure and f.ntrh up to suit buyer; plenty
of good watrr; soil, climate and view th» very
fc-ft: r!<.se to electric car line and M-foot-wtd e
boulevard, and not "far from model school-
J~ouK**: n<» fofr? nor rRW Tv*in*3si hore: Westall
Trait, adjoining East Oakland; 10 buildings
ponp un already; more coming; call or send
for circular; 4J5 Seventh st., near corner.
Hroadv.ay. Oakland; carriage free. HENRY
7.. JONES, owner. , • -
jr«0— ItEN'TAL HO; modern 6-roomed cottage
in fine condition; within a few blocks of the
City Hall: for a quirk ce«h sale. GEO W
Al-'STIN & CO.. ir*< Broadway. Oakland.
f:750—COST over S4JO0; modern Eastlake home
of 8 fine larje rooms; all In fine condition;
nicr-tt location: r.par Adeline and Center sta-
tions. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. 1008 Broad-
way. Oakland.
FOR RENT FURNISHED. ""
One of the most beautiful place* !n Oakland;
'4 block of land, handsomely laid out in
lawn, flowers anj thrubberj-. commanding
beautiful view; one block from electric cars;
tlfant liouse of 1C rooms, furnace heat,
riano. billiard room, etc.; will rent for 6
mouths or longer, at 5123 per month. Full
details at office. DAVID BUSH & SON. 14
Post st.
LFAFE $200 per year; 480 acres! 70 hay; 10
crofk bottom: <W oa ' t forest; house, barn.
fences fine creek; 10 photos. SALSBURY.
45? Xlnth t.. Oakland. .
«<£Q— FOR eale; best bargains in OakUnd; 4-
* ranm cottage, bathroom, pantry, hot and cold
water laundry and sho*; lot 25rS0. 1208 Pe-
»*»«£ between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
West Okaland. -,_,
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester 1 b English Pennyroyal Pills
are the. best; safe, reliable; take no -other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
I-adies.'" In letter by return mall; af drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa,
ROOMS papered from $2 E0: whitened. $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 310 Third.
BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
DORE. 1380 Market St., above Jones.
BAD tenants ejected for S4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4ir. Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5580. -
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storase and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South TG2.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 281,
BEKINR Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40— Packing, moving and storage.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bouuht. sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambcck. 191S Mission, nr. I5th.
ALI.. kinds bought, sold, exchanged. rented;
rfpnlHnsr j»t lwp«t ratp«. JOS Fourth ft.
"— ~"*^— — *™~ — '^
TYPEWRITERS AXI> SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS 1 S^TTPEWniTKXlS^vfe
sell better machines for less mosey than any
house in the city; rentals, J3. The Typswriter
Exchange. B3S California, telephone Main 268.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montsotnery et.
NEW typewriters. $5 down, J5 month payments.
REVALK, 409 California St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
D^IDEND~7?«tce^3iv^
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
827 Market et., on and after Saturday, Sep-'
tember 1, 1900. Transfer books close on Sat-
urday, August 25, 1900, at 12 m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
JIAERIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Edward S. Wood, 32, 41S Octavla street, and
Susetta E. Helmer, 23, 418 Octavla street.-
John J. Smith, 2S, 3 Simpson place, and Caro-
line Broner, 26, San Bruno.
John F. Klmhall,'39, Marysville, and Mary A.
Collins. 25, Gllroy.
Charles S. Andrews, 37. 443 Elizabeth street,
and Lizzie M. Flelsher, 20, 1602 Geary street.
Luigi Ivani, 29, 314 Pacific street, and Asunta
Garibotti, 20. 314 Taciflc Htreet.
Harvey B. Titcomb. 28, Dunsmuir, and Mabel
Havens, 19, city.
Domenico Montalbano, 29. 27 Filbert street,
and Sc.uzza Sabella, 19. 1000^ Battery street.
John D. Dougherty. 28, Stockton, and Addle
M. Snow. 19. Stockton.
John C. Evans. 25. 477 McAllister street, and
Sadie F. Coll. 24. 35B Morris avenue.
BIRTHS — MARBIABES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication ofttces and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BACCUS— In this city, August 13. 1900. to the
wife of Charles J. Baccus, a eon.
CARROLL— In this city. August 23, 1900, to ths
wife of Henry E. Carroll, a son.
COTTRELL— In this city. August 24, 1900, to the
wife of Charles J. Cottrell, a son.
DOWD— In this city, to the wife of Stephen
Dowd, a son.
EASTMAN— In this city, July 14, 1900, to the
wife of T. White Eastman, a eon.
JOHNSON— In this city, to the wife of J. V.
Johnson, a son.
LUDEMANN— In this city. August 19, 1900, to
the wife of Carl Ludemann, a son.
McLAUGHLIX— In this city, August 19, 1900, to
the wife of Michael D. McLaughlin, a daugh-
ter.
MAAS— In this city, August 22. 1300. to the
wife of PhiliD J. Maas, a son.
MAYERHOFI2R— In this city, August 24. 1900,
to the wife of Max Mayerhofer, a son.
SCHULZ— In this city, August 23. 1900, to the
wife of Obwald Schulz, a daughter.
MARBIED.
LAWLER— MARSHALL— In this city, Aub. 22.
1900, by the Rev. Father Looney of St. Charies
Church, James W. Lawler and Jessl« Mar-
shall, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Abbott, George W. Hood, George J.
Anderson, Charles E. Kelly, Hazel B.
Beyer. Adolph Kelly. Martin
Brown. Lewis Lanerick. Georsre F.
Connolly, Dtlia Mahoney, Annie R.
Daly, Catherine Mangels, Emma L. S.
Dart. Walter C. Masterson. James
De Bauch. Ferdinand Nichols, George F.
Duperu, Eliza R. Koss, Elizabeth T.
Elberts. Joseph Scherrer, Geo. I. A.
Eyre, Mary T. P. Hmlth, John J.
Fehler, Louise Syear, James
Ferbeck. John W. Starr, Ella B.
Feusler, Henry Stcne. Walter E.
Haley, Adeline Violich, Peter
Harvey. James C. Wachter, Charles
ABBOTT— In Callstoga. August 24, 19C0. George
W. Abbott, brother of Mrs. O. H. Ames, and
only r.ephew of Mrs. L. A. Frost, a native of
Maine, aged 52 years 1 month and 10 days.
(LTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his aunt, Mrs. L. A. Frost. 221 Capp street.
. Interment Masonic Cemetery-
ANDERSON— In this city. August 24, 1300,
Charles Emil Russel, eldest and dearly be-
loved son of Emll and Ellen Anderson, and
brother of Albert Anderson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 9 months and 14 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence"
of his parents, 137Vi Erie street, between
¦Howard and Foleoin, Thirteenth and Four-
teenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BEYER— In this city. August 23. 1300, Adolph,
beloved husband of Katherlne Beyer, father
of Adolph, Willie and Emma Beyer, and
brother of Otto, William, Ernst and August
Beyer, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged
S3 years 6 months and 7 days. A member of
Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W., and Verein
Eintracht.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Eintracht Hall,
237 Twelfth street, between Howard and Fol-
Bom. Interment Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery. ''Re-
mains at the parlors of Theo. Dierks. under-
taker, D07 Mission street, between Fifth and
Sixth.
BROWN— In this city, August 20, 1300, Lewis
Brown, beloved husband of Sarah L. Brown,
¦ a native of Annapolis, Md., aged G7 years.
CTFriends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Zron A. M. E.
Church, Stockton street, between Clay and
Sacramento, under the auspices of Hannibal
Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M. Remains at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany. 405 Powell street, near Post.
CONNOLLY — In Oakland, August 24, 1900,
Delia, beloved daughter of Mary Connolly,
attd sister of John, Dannie and Willie Con-
nolly, Mrs. M. Hodfekiss, Mrs. W. II. Marion
and Mrs. A. Ross, a native of Pittsburg, Pa.,
a;ed 21 years.
{E?"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. 1771 William street. West Oak-
land. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
DALY— In this city. August 25. 1900, at the
residence, 1413 Bush etreet, Catherine Daly, a
native of Ireland, aged 79 years.
DART— August 13. 19C0, at sea, on steamer
Pennsylvania, en route from Hamburg to
New York. Walter Catlln Dart, a native of
Oakland, aged 30 years and 5 months. Buried
at sea.
- ICT Memorial sen-ices for Mr. Walter Dart
and Dr. Arthur Lee will be held at the First
Congregational Church, Oakland, this day
(Sunday), at 3:20 o'clock.
DE BAUCH— In this city, August 25. 1900 Ferd-
inand de Bauch. a native of Belgium, aged 67
years 10 months and 8 days.
DUPERU— In Fruitvale, Cal., August 24, 1900l
Eliza Ritchie Duperu. beloved sister of Mrs
J. H. Spring, Mrs. H. J. Chamberlln and An-
selo R.. Redick McKee and Alphonse M Du-
reru, a native of Ban Francisco, aged 42 years
months and 29 days.
E7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. J. H. Spring, Fruitvale. Incineration
Odd Fellows'. Cemetery at 1:30 o'clock.
ELBERTS— In this city. August 24, 1900, Joseph
Elberts, a native of County Waterford, Ire-
land, aged 45 years. (New York papers please
copy.)
Ipr Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's
Union are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral this day (Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock,
from the funeral parlors of McGinn Bros 31
Eddy street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EYRE— In Paris, July 13, 1900, Mary Tutt
Parry, relict of the late Colonel E. E. Eyre.
C^Funeral service to be held in the chapei
of Cypress Lawn Cemetery Tuesday, August ;
28, at 12 o'clock. Interment private.
FEHLER— In this city. August 25, 1900, Louise
beloved daughter of Henry and Anna Fehler
and sister of Sophie. Fred and Henry and
twin sister of Louis Fehler, a native of San
Francisco, aced 7 months.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan* & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
20 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South. 80. /
(rAoirio sVMTEtt.) " .-•
Train* lr.«*r xnd arc Hui to nrrl*« »,
mah rMwnra,
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LBatb — Fkom August 12. 1509. — A » R:Vl
*7:0Oa Benicia, SnUun. Klmin, VieariUo.
Ruiusej »n<l B»craiuoiiro •7-J-i.
•7jUOa Shasta Kxprw»— IMrU. Willismatfor "
> If rr.it? u Springs). WiUows, ue.t
liintS, r.>r;.<ii.<t *7:4:im
t?:3o* Martinez. SauUani'on,Viillejo. Nap*,
CulistogasmlHiinU limn *<l:l.1>
•»:t!«A Dayli. W.hh'.UciI. Kui^hULandhi?.
M»rj«»i:ie. «>ri>«ill« *7:«S»
|**i»O« ArlanM-t Kipm*— Ofri«fi ami Eagt M2-ia1
•»:«»«»\ UJos. Tr»cy, Lalbrop, Svockton •'J:I3a
• «!;•«* Sr.n .l.i-i. , Liierinuii', luuektaat
lone. Sacntiiii-iito. fUcrrvlUe,
M.»rrini!l<\ ?hic.i. Itn.l ItlniT u,|..
•»:3Ut Oak.l»J-. Ohineso (tor T<nvmite)
.muMv Carrara •11.1-
•»:<>©» H»jr\r»r(ls. iNUrS»n<l.Waj *Uiiuiis •llrtill
•U:OO» L-ih Anfisies Express — Mutinm. " '
, Tney, L»tiin>i». .stn.iktou, M rc-.i
, Fresno »nU Los Angole* *7-l5»
•HtSOA- Vail. •>.. M*rtiii.x h.i.i Way Static,.. •3:4.11
' »IO:OO» Th» OrerUml U-iiiMd— Ogdeu. Dea-
fer, Omaha. Chicag" > 3ill»
! MliOttt Nil^ S'ockton. *»er*rarrit,,, Man-
dota. Fresno. IUnf,.r,!. Vj»»iU
rWMtllta M«ia»
•IIiOOa LiTermnre. Sansw. (i\ >h- ;i J«ao-
' tioa. Bikarzflen!, Loa .Vcg-ln.
•¦'.ItWVtt IUyw*r>;». .Nilee ,>n'! W*» auuoaa' '2- it.
tl:O«rHucr»m«,,U.I.W *(«*,,>',, ... *' f y**'
! ....o« r uri:^.' : "^i^:-^x;;;;^ -'"
\y.,.,,llan.l. K,i k l lts lj4Ulilll^
lUrymilln, i) ril »ii;« ••..,.
! •I t :t«»rNlle3.Sai..loH-»,,.|.St.,cl:t.-.; •7,i%t
I •iiUOrTho Owl UffiittJ-TticT- riaM "
Bakernflel.l. Banina for S»i,t» u»,l
tar*. L'.s A« . - MO-n.
! •si:oorfttocktoD...: iu.J-J
{ M.oo* New Orl-auf tmtm^nJ^SSi
**~T*~ «*—*— "In ft»g»| M l» mu ".
li'K. El r««, Jiew Oiir.rj and
j 'titHtr IUJr i w*fiia*NifmanVl'<iairjaj« •TilUl
i ?•:O»r V»!IW> ..¦.;•• •liist
¦(•••or Oriental M»Il-OgJ«n. CLei-unV
Oinalia. Cbic.g>. M >. K .
; *0>O«p «)riei.ti»l ?.Ui:-u B den. D'-irer"
Ornaim. CUio^ao ' -i.|^.
; -7i»U • Sift, Tr»cy. L*throp. Strclitoa " " •la.laj
tt<iii» V.... tSiS3»
: *Si«3r <»re K iii>«iMt C*:if.-r..la J-Iii.i.'.™. '*'Z * w "" Mr
»»...e..t... Uaonlll*. !;, i !|,.^"
• r..,tt»...>. r. l|t Mt s i Hlll ht< ; .,.,., t
IOAST l»l vision (Sawn «.„„,.,
¦ ( Foi.t 'A M-rkftSirei-t.
j J^i tS» aant» Cruz Eicuraion tor~^^
Ctqj a:id Prii-ci^-i \V*y :srat.:,.,» :s>«3»
, •»il»» Nm;irk,«>titfriiilf..Siiii.l,)ei>.K^,t.''u,
!J4inUlcr('ri-eli..S»!ii»Criri«innv»i
htatliiua . •% i» r
1 ta.l.ir Newark. « 1 u ii!er7i!!i.. H*n .(.»•¦ u-»
Ailll^itcil. {..¦Itmi. It'.ilulrf Ir^k
ttanta < nu nt\ I'dmiya] . . t ,
•H-ikfi'»/i *t«i3«t
; MilAp Ne\r»rk. S«u Ji>*«>, I.nsOatn.i f*:t«t
al:l.tpCl,-n».»..l. F-lto!i. Witnig Q-iz ...
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rttaisil »!UNu.:;VJ -fjo: oT Uarot Sinn i.-iU, Ji —
•7:15 »:00 11:00*. H. Ji:: •; 33 JJ 33
•i::a I3.C3 -e. ::.•.«.
fr«iB iHIUJS-fMl •' Brfc.i«.». — -« ; 0O H.M lOOOtM
1 llZ ' t3 ' l:5 ° l2:g: ;3::3 itZi '*¦" <¦•¦»'.
tUXSt IMVIMor 1 Brwf UanmH],
! ( Ihir.l ,-,¦,.< Tun m el ..i xi».)
<«;»«»» (we»nVi.-*. .•%<».•:•• .->.n Krai.ci'Co. . |«:U«»r
AbttilM \V,-.l 1 ,., 1 l,,j ( , M ,,j) '.'.;.. •ItSOf
I J7::;o» Sun-lay ElCBRfffll f t Ha:i Jose,
S»n:a «"r.:7, IV-iJio Croie anj
l"ri!>cival Way sti»;;on* tS:33p
•U«<», Nh Jhmm. Tn- t'i..>». KmU i:nu.
raatfia »*!•>»<.. •'*».> il. ...;,•«. .s*u
l.rin >H,iK|Hi, Hiirf. l.i , ;-.i L tuil
I'lini-liKi Wi» S..«ti..,,» Milwr
; *I«i4m« 8a» ,J..so ami V-'« T HUUoM 'H:^^*
. *llt»W» M»Witw.l4>iOTfMilTraJ"lt»tlii« 'Si»«j
(ai«i-.S»i! .viar.-<>, l;.«..o.l, ttwtla I'ark,
Palo Atta KMtaVtenh HM»Jaa»
Trfs t'inos. .-i.ii. f^ tin/, -*.;i.h3.
M.pii-w-y ;n..| I'ncilie tir.iTe tlAi30«
f:«::ii»» p mn .!,,<_ ,,, ; Way SUthu.a . .. *7:3<»p
: tliltr fl«n Jiim ¦nit nrtmift TfTaj tUaltoiM ¦**4S«
, t^iOUrSti) Jon?, !•» IliSoa and I'r:iicip*l
WaySUtions t«l:OO«
•.¦»«:;•»!» San .lone *)>•! l'rinHiKt! W«J SUIfcM ":•'«»
•«:.t«r Sau ./..ae an i Way HmiiHia »•»:••.»»
, >lli«Sr San Jo»- >¦¦¦¦! \\*r si»ti....ii »7:3<>r
A for Morning F '>._¦ Aftarnom v
*D»ilr. tUmnliT c«ret't«i? J >ui(ii» uulf. V
b Mturnay out; 1
• Saturday and .Sumi»< c Mouci*T onif. /
CALIFORNIA N^TSFcSTZSN-EY. Ca
1-1333313
SAi! FRA«G!3G0 ASO KQHTH PACIF13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuroa Ferry, Fcot of Market St.
SAN FRAiCCibCb TO SAN 11AP AEU.
"WEEK 1>aVs— 7:-J. 3:C0. 11:00 a. m. ; U:2L
S:30. 5:1«. ti:23 P. rj. Thur»a«ys— Extra trM
at 11:30 o. ni. Laturuays— Ultra trtjs at l:«f
nmi 11:31 r>. '. m.
SVNDAYH— S:'-0. S:30, ll:C0 a. m.: 1:30. 3:JaV
6:00. S:i"". p. m.
SAN KATAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
I WEEK PAli- C:iO. TiCO. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : !2:flL
3:{0, 5:i:» n. m. Saturdays— Extra trips M
1:TJ And C:32 t>. m.
SIT>TD.ATH — S:1O. *:4O. 11:10 a. m. ; l:tO, J:4OL
C:0::. «:::> ;\ m.
Betwera •'•¦•t. Francisco ana Schuet:»n Par*
•ac;a jehf>*'iir as ahrvr.
I.»svf j In Effect. I Arriv»
Eon Fran?'.«rn. (Ayr. lo. l^^.f Pua FranclscOi.
; Week I Si:n- I ] Pun- I \%>»)t""
j Days. I tiays. | Destination.! days. | Days.
I 7:31 ani' S:fi ami NtmttA 10:40 oi S:4"ani
! l::0 pa 9:30 am' Petaiurca. 6:05 pmil0:2J aai
! J:13 pm! 5:00 pr.1 1 Fanta Kosa. 7:33 pm; 4:10 pa»
¦ Fulton.
: 7^0 am Windsor. 10:25 aa
: HraUstarc.
Lytton.
OeyserviKe.
! J:JO pm 3:Cfl am Clr/erda!e. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
i 7: JO am'j | Kopland I |10:23 an»
j t:J0pm| 8:COara! «ind Uklnh. | 7:35 rra\ 6:29 pm
! "7:30 am! j I |10:2 ta
I 8:00 am' Guernevllle.i 7:53 pm!
: i:Mrm| ! j I « : y>pm
7:33 am! 8:00 am! Sor.r.ma ! 9::5aa 8:«aa
and 1
8:10 prni S:CO pm' Glen Ell°n. 1 6:0'. pm| g:20 pm
i 7:30 c.v.; S:00 am! i 1 n : 40 am!10:23 am - ,
I 8:30 prr.! 5:C0 rm! Sebastcpol. | 7:33 (tml *:20 prn \
Stages connert at ?->nti Roaa for Mark "W#st
Fprincs anc! r/hit» Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: nt Lrttcn mr Wtton Sprinss: at
Geyserville for S'.og;s Srr!".zs: *t Cloverdal*
for th# «3<*vs»r»: at Hc^'and for Duncan
Fprtnp*. Ilighlar.l Prrlnits. KMseyvt'le. Carls-
bad Sprtnjts. Soda Bay. I^kenort and nart'.ett
Springs; at TTkfah fcr V'chy Springs, Saratoga
FprinRs. Blue Lakes. I.3nrel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprtncs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Vall?T.
John Day's. Itlvers'.de. Hurley s. B-JckneM's.
Banhedrtn Heights. Hullvill*. Orr"» Hot
6prinK3. Mendccino City. Fort Brafsr. West-
port, L'sa!. TVillltj, Laytonville. Cuaimins,
Bell's grrinca, Ilarrfa, Olsen'a. Dyer, Scoti*
ajid Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
adduced rates.
On 8und.iy ronnd trip tickets to ftll points
fcvyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldfc
K. C. WHITINO, R. X. RTAN.
I General Mtna:ir. G^n. Fa as. Ajmt.
hobtiTpacifig coast railroad.
Via Sausafito Ferry.
Commencing April 22. 13C0.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VA1XBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. 9:J0. U:90 ,, m.1
12:43. *1:45. 3:U>. *:15. *5:13. «:13. 8:10 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mi'.l Valley »nd Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdaya
and Sundays, at 9:0i) and H:3j p. ro.
SUNDAYS— 7:O, •S.CO. •3:00. 'lO:^ H:C0, ij : ja
a. m.: 12:45. »l:30. 2:20. »J:45. 1:00. 8:00. 7:I«
p. rn. »
11:00 a. in. does net run to 3a n Rafael Su*.
days.
Trains marked {•) ran to San Quentin.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CCX
WEEK DAYS— 5:31. *<i:20, 7:50. S:40. »10:U a.
m.: 11:30, 1:15. 2:15. '3:30. i:Z0. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at »6:45 anj 10:20 p. ra.
BCN*» \YS— «:13. *S:CO. •i:M. •U:6!>a. m. ; •lt:09
I m.; l:**r'2:U. •3:30. 4:30. *i:43. «:lo. 7:30. 10;S»
< p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from 3a.n Quentin.
! FROM HILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO...
! 'WEEK DAYS— 5:S3. «:43. 8:W. 8:53. J0:3a a. *|
I m. ; 12:85 1:45, 2:45. 3:30. 4:r.O. 6:20 p. m. J
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. We<1n»»tl»y»
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
8UNDATS-6:3o. 8:C«. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; I2:U
1*2» 2:30. 3:*i- *'-^>- « : J». 7:05. 10:J0 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS-
7:00 a. m. week <lajrs — Caxadero and way ata<-
tlons.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Caiadero and wa.7 itv-
tlons.
6:15 p. m. w»ekday» (SatTirdaya «xc«pted>—
Potct Reyes and way stations.
8:C0 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way ata>>
12:45 p. a. Sunday*— Potat Reyw &a« way
station*.
S/\lST/\ F^E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKKT-STREET FERRT.
L**T«: iOvariand: Dally far Ch'ca- Arrl»«:"
no. Kansas City. Denver
and aii Eastern points.
KJ Paso. City of Mex-
ico. pr-»cott pud Phoo-
ntx. Ariz.. Bakersfleld.
Ilb. Vi.-alla. Tulare. Han- la, &
ford, Fresno. Merced.
Stockton. Antloch. Stand-
ard and Touriat Sleep-
ers to ChJcaea. Dining
car between StocKton
and Bakersfleld.
Stockton Local: For San|
4:10 p.m. Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Uay 11:03 *.a.
Point. Cornwall. Antl-
och ami Stockton.
Bak-rsfleid Local: For San
l'abio. Pinole. Muir. Bay V
Point. Cornwall. Anti- %.
8 p. m. och Stockton. Merced. I a. a^T
Fresno. Hanford. Vlsa-
Ita, Tulare and Baksr^-
fleld. Sleepers to Fresno
' ¦ and Bakersfteld.
TICKET OFV1CES: OS Market rt.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market »t., San, Frandac*.
Ull .Sroadwaft
FERBECK— In this city, August 24, 1900, John
W., infant son of Harry and Katie Ferbeck,
a native of Ban Francisco, aged 8 months and
7 days.
EyThe funeral will taka place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
¦ the parents, 24 Belcher street, between- Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth, Church and Sanchea.
Interment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery-
KEUS1ER— In Sheep Ranch, August 23. 1900,
Henry Feusler. beloved husband of Cephalia
Feusler, and father of Nevada, Frank, Harry
and Norman Feusier, a native of Brooklyn,
N. Y., aged 63 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock? from his late resi-
dence, 2003 Bush street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. •
HALEY— In this city, August 25, 1900. Adeline,
widow of the late John J. Haley, and mother
of Charles M. Haley, a native of New Lon-
don. Conn., aged So years 2 months and 22
days.
tETFrierids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 11 o'clock, at her late
residence. 1216 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment private.
HARVEY— In this city, August 24, 1900. James
C. Harvey, a native of Salem, Mas3., aged 86
yearn 4 months and 23 days.
tCTTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Monday),
at 10 o"clock, at Pioneer Hall, Fourth street,
between Market and Mission.
HOOD-In this city, August 21, 1300, at his resi-
dence, 151 Hermann street, George J. Hood,
dearly beloved husband of Mary L. Hood, and
loving father of Hubbard. Edward and Harry
Hood, a native of Lancaster, Ohio, jaged 57
years 9 months and 10 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances and comrades
of the G. A. R. are respectfully invited to aU
tend the funeral, which will be held under tiff
auspices of George H. Thomas Post No. 2.
0. A. R., at their hall, 820 Post street,
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock. Interment
George H. Thomas Post's plat In National
Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Seven Pines Circle
No. 8. Ladies of the O. A. R-. are requested
to attend the funeral of our late comrado.
Georee J. Hood, this day (Sunday), at I
o'clock, from 820 Post street.
LIZZIE C. WHITESIDK. President.
LAURA I. OBLINGER. Secretary.
LENA SCHOLTEN. Treasurer.
KELLY— In this city. August 23, 1300, Hazel
Beatrice Kelly, beloved daughter of William
and Louise Kelly, a native of San Francisco,
aged* 3 years 4 months and 9 days.
GTFtiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of J.
8. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In thts city, August 24, 1900, Martin,
beloved husband of the late Ann Kelly, and
beloved brother of Mrs. Mary Molloy and the
late Mrs. Margaret Kenney. a native of the
parish of Moore, County Roscommon. Ire-
land, aged 73 years and 3 months. (Boston
papers please copy.)
r^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sundav), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, *6 Moulton street, between Huchanan
and Webster. Greenwich and Lombard, thenco
to St. Brictd's Church for services at 1
o'clock.. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LANGRICK— In this city. August 25, 1900. at
Lane Hospital, George F. Langrick, aged 64
, years 8 months and 2 days.
MAHONEY— In this city, August 25. 1900, Annie
Roche, beloved wife o .' David I. Mahoney, and
daughter of the late Thorn.. 3 and Mary Roche,
a native of San Fiancirco.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from her late Tesi-
dence. 1613 Laguna street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where
a requiem mass will be cerebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MANGELS — In this city. August 24. 1900,
Emma L. S. Maneels. widow of- Claus Man-
gels dearly belovtd mother of Mrs. F. Tlll-
mann Jr. and Agnes Mangels, and sister of
the late Hermann Zwleg, a native of Noeren-
berg, Germany, aged 62 years 9 months and
27 days.
tC7"The funeral will take place thi» djy
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 251S Howard street. Interment private.
MASTERSON— In this city, August 23, 1900,
James, beloved father of Thomas. James and
Teresa Masterson. a native of Ireland, aged
47 years. (New Haven, Conn,., papers please
copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NICHOLS— In this city. August 24. 1500, George
F., beloved husband of Emma T. Nichols,
father of Lilian. David B. and George V.
Nichols, and brother of W. V. Nichols, a na-
tive of Lakevllie, Sonoma County, Cal., aged
40 years 2 months and 14 days. (New York
papers please cory.)
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, frcm the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. MS Mission street. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery. •
COURT DEFIANCE No. 23. F. of A.— Officers
and member* are notified to assemble- at the
court Toom, 1-5 O'Karrell street, this dny
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock sharp, for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our late brother,
George F. Nichols. By order of
CHARLES FRANKLIN. Chief Ranger.
Attest: A. WASCH, Secretary.
ROSS-In this city, August 2*. 1900, Elizabeth
T., beloved dauchter of Mrs. and the late
Thomas Ross, a native of San I-"ranci«co.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 631 Haight street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via eiectric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
SCHERREU— In this city, August 23, 1300.
Gtorgs Ignatius A. Scherrer, only and be-
loved son of Rosalie and Ignatius Scherrer,
and irother of Emelle and Louise Scherrcr,
a native of San Francisco, aged 6 years a ;
months and 22 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral this day i
(Sund;iy), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 614 Seventh avenue. Richmond
district. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SMITH— In Oakland, August 24, 1900, at 1113
Thirteenth avenue, John J. Smith, beloved
father of William II. Smith, a native of Ire-
land, aeed S5 years.
SPEAR— In this city, August 24, 1900, Jtmes
Spear, a native of Ireland, aged 75 year?.
STARR— In Alameda, August 24, 1900, Ella
Bourne, third daughter of Melinda and the late
Thomas N. Starr, a native of San Francisco.
CF Friends are respectfully invited to at-
ten.l the funeral services this day (Sunday), at
1:30 o'clock, in the chapei of the Odd Fellows'
Crematory.
STONE— In this city, August 22, 1900. Walter
Everett Stone, beloved husband of Rosina M.
Stone, and father of Mrs. J. F. Stranahan and
Adeline Ashley Stone, a native of West Point,
N. Y., aged 42 years.
lOTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 2:30
o'clock, from the luneral parlors of Porter &
White, 122 Eddy street. Interment private.
VIOLICH-In Oakland, August 23, 1900. Peter
Violich, beloved father of Felix Violich, a
native of Austria, aged S5 years 6 months and
15 days. , .
ICSTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, fnxn the residence
of his son, 370 Third street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
WACHTER — In this city, August 23. 1900
Charles, dearly beloved husband of Lizzlt
Wachter (nee Laubscher), father of Charlie
Wachter. and brother of Fritz Wachter, a
native of Neufen. Wurtemberg. Germany,
aged 2S years 9 months and 13 days. A mem-
, ber of Hermann Stamm, U. O. Ik 51,; San
Francisco Turn Verein, and San Francisco
Schwaben Verein.
lC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Turn Verein
Hall, 323 Turk street. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
Theodc.r Dlerks. 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLASD HEAL ESTATE.
GREAT BARGAIN: ! ! !
Modern 5-room cottage; latest Improvements;
larce lot; near Linda Vista Terrace and
Piedmont electric cars; must be sold; call
and make ofTcr. A. R. PETERSON. -478
Tenth St., Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, smt to any address In the
t.'nltpd States or Canada one year for ».
HOUSES TO LET.
FOK the best houses, cottages and flats, fur-
ni*hed or unfurnished, to be had, see GEO.
W. AUSTIN & CO.. lOTS Droadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FUKMTUUB FOR SALKl
AN introduction to you from H. ScheUhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
nOOBIS FOK HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT. 413 — Three sunny rooms furnished
or unfurnished; reasonable; tlO.
EDDY 604-Sunny corner suite of roomi, kitch-
en, gas range; running water; complete for
housekeeping^ ""
FOURTH. 225— Nice sunny front room, suitable
for two;' also single.
FOURTH. 246— Parlor suite for housekeeping;
aifo fc.ngle housekeeping rooms.
FULTON', 30S— Two sunny furnished bousekeej>-
ing rooms; large yard and bath.
G0LDEN~"OATE. 622— Sunny §ultes furnished
for housekeeping: gas stove; running water.
GOLDEN GATE, 1035— 1 or 4 housekeeping
rooms; cheap. —
HAMPTON place, 19, off Tolsom. bet. Second
and Third— Four rooms and bath.
HOWARD, 1063H— Two connecting housekeep-
ing rrr.s., furn., IS; also double ana sin, rms.
HYDE 40R-Sunny front basement suite; coal
range; eink; complete for housekeeplng;_»la.
JESSIE. 3€3. near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, *4 and $5; housekeeping. $8 and i».
MISSION, 1322— Sunny back bedroom; suitable
front room for housekeeping, $10 month.
OAK. 119— Sunny front room furnished for
housekeeping. *5; gas extra; suitable for two.
O-FAKUELL. 742-Two or three neatly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping. $11 to JJJ.
POST. 627— Newly furnished front room; gas
and lath; private famiJy. S,
POVVELL. 1401-2 or 3 nire sunny connecting
rms. furnished for housekpg; sink, ga^, bath.
SACRAMENTO. 1C31. nr. I^lk— 2 sunny rooms
for housekeeping; partly furnished.
SHIPLEY. 2S1, near Sixth-Complete house-
keeping rooms; single or double.
SIXTH, 4C8— Furnished housekeeping rooms.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Corner
sunny FUites complete for light housekeeping;
ulso single rooms: rent reasonable; bath, tele-
phone *ind reception room.
SUTTER. 407— Three housekeeping rooau.
SUTTER, 531— A suite of furnished rooms; also
Eirsle room.
TAYLOR. 512, near Post— Neatly furnished
room for gentleman: ji month.
TEKAilA. 47S, near Sixth— 2 front rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping; j9.
TENTH, 136— Nice large eunny room for house-
keeping^ j
TURK, 613 — 2 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; one front, flZ. -__
VALENCIA. 191— Suite of sunny rooms, bath;
newly papered and painted; private f am. ; S10.
VAN NESS, 402-^-Front bay-window suite, new-
ly furnished for housekeeping; gas range.
S NEATLY furnished rooms fcr housekeeping;
(12. Apply 15 Langton St.. nr. 7th and Howard.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscrintions has been established at 1(»6
Valencia et. - i
CHEAPEST and best In America- The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. 6ent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and I'nfnrn. i
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14? Sixth— Rooms
25c to II per night. II 25 to (5 per week, and
lieht housekf epir.g ; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 234^ — Nice tunny rooms, furnished; rea-
sonable.
BUSH E20— Nicely furn. sunny rooms ;$1 CO to 17
wk. ; 25c to jl 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
ELLIS, 254. cor. Mason (Clifford)— Handsomely
furnished sunny roorr.»; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM. 965, cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nlshed sunny rm, single or suites; reasonable.
GEARY. 1133— Nice large furnished front room;
1 or 2 gentlemen; private family; phone; refs.
GOLDEN GATE. 727— Finely furn. front rm.;
Bingle, en suite; gents: private; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HAIOHT. E41 — Nice sunny rocm, bath and gas,
for gentleman In private family.
HAYES, 227— Large sunny room; closft and
running water; use of piano and kitchen If
drrtred.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, S29 — Rooms from Jl week up to $5:
25c to Jl night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, SS3, cor. 6th— Orlando House— New
management: furnished rms.; suites or single.
HOWARD. 2138, corner Eighteenth— Sunny fur-
nUhed room.
JESSIE 363. rear Fifth and Market— House-
keeping. ?S and $3; single, $4 and ?5.
JESSIE, C42B— 2 unfurnished rooms; use of
kitchen, bath and stationary washtubs; new
flat.
KUARNY, 1708 — 2 or S sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; private family; marine view.
LARKIN, 1004, rear Post— Newly furnished
rooms, lieht housekeeping; double rooms, J8
per month.
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 5
rrr.s. ;. private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
MAPCE court, 2S, off Fourteenth St.. near
Guerrero — 5 sunny rooms; hot, cold water; til.
MINNA.. 667. cor! Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
OAK, 14, near Market — Front sunny room.
O'FAKRELL. 20— Sunny furnished room3 and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wk..mo.
OTAKRELL. 742— Nicely furnished sunny quiet
rooms, en suite or flngle ; gas,' bath, phone.
O'FARRELL. 1S91— Two nicely furnished front
rooms; sunny; bath; private family; no chil-
dren^ , .
PINE. 1128 — Nicely furnished or unfurnished
rooms to let.
POLK 1539— Two nicely furnished front rooms;
board optional; permanent; private; reason-
tih'.e.
POWELL, 121, "The Rossln"— Changed hands;
furnished rooms. MISS J. MALLETT; phone
Mack_4£4L_j
POWELL, 612A— Large sunny room neatly fur-
nished, and others; reasonable.
PROSPECT place, 123, off California, near
Powell—Large front »unny rm.; bath; $6: prl.
ROSEDALE House, 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 25c to II, week Jl 25 to U; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to II 50; week. S2
to $8; month, 11 to $20; elevator on office
I floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH 136— Furnished sunny rooms; single or
FUites; also rooms. for light housekeeping.
SUTTER, 717. near Taylor— Sunny; choice; rea-
sonable: uleas* Investigate. »
VAX NESS ave., 19S, corner Hayes— One nice
room fcr one gentleman or lady; cheap; call
after 6 p. m. ,
2 BUNNY front rooms, nicely furnished; rent
reasonable. Address 731 Minna st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offl'-e for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ¦ established at 10D0
Valencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 ttaces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
IIOOM9 A.\D HOARD.
HOTEL Sutherland. 791 Butter St.: choice loca-
tion; sunny rooms with board; first-class with
every convenience.
NATOMA. 41$%— Nice eunny furnished room;
board If desired. ¦
' , nOQMS WAXTBD.
WANTED— 3 unfurnished connecting rooms or
flat; central; not over 114. Box 4003. Call.
NICE sunny room for a single gentleman; near
, th» Park preferred. Box 4005, Call offlc*.Chicago Grain Market.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool was firm and Paris
steady. , New York declined from 80c to 79%c.
Chicago opened weak, owing to .'¦ Saturday
liquidation, but the decline was thought to be
merely, temporary. The crowd were free sell
ers, .but the foreigners came again for cash
wheat, and there was a large export' business
in both wheat and corn. Receipts were large,
but decreasing. The weather in the Northwest
continued wet. and serious damage was rum
ored, owirlc to the continued rains.
-In the local market futures were off, but
spot prices remained unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shlppfcg. Jl 05; Milling. *1 07H
©1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES. ¦
.Informal ; Session— 9:15 - o'clock— December—
4000 ctle.$l 10%; 24,000. $1 10H. -
-Second Session — December — 30,000 ctls, tl O95i
22,000,; U 09%. . May— 6000, U 14H-
Regular Morning Session— December— 14,000
ctle. Jl 095i; 6000, Jl 09^. May-10,000, fl 14}$.. !
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ 14 85
Starling Exchange, Bight.. — 4 884
Sterling Cables — -4 83^
New York Exchange, sight — 714
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce.: ' — 61H
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 49
Nezv York Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nczv York Grain and Produce,
Aug K l3t 47 N, lon 10 W— Br ship Wayfarer,
from Hamburtr, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC. •
POINT LOBOS. Aus 25. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW. velocity 10 miles.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Aus 25— Stmr Green
wood, hence Aug 24.
TACOMA — Sailed Aujr 25— Br stnir Oak
Branch, for Portland.
PORT TOWNSEN'D— Arrived Aug 25— Schr
Comet, from San Pedro; ship Dashing W*v«,
from Nome.
Passed uo Ausr 25— Schr Sehome. from, St
Michael, for Tacoma.
Arrived Auc 25— 13r bark Low Wood, from
Acapulco; stmr Ncme City, from Cape Nome.
Sailed Aug 23— Ship M P Grace, for Sydney:
ship S D Carleton. for Dutch Harbor; schr E K
Wood, for HaiDhonr.
ASTOUIA— Arrived Aug 23— Stmr Del Norte.
hence Ate 20. ¦
Sailed Aus 13— Bktn Addenda, for Sydney;
schr W F Jewett. for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Aug 25— Stmr Ohio,
from Seme, for Seattle: Br ship Glenard. from
Antwerp, for Pujjet Sound; stmr Progreso, hno
Aus 22, for Seattle.
Passed out Aug 23— Stmr Matteawan. from
Tacoma. for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Au* 25— Schrs
Ocean Brray and Newark, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aur 23— Schr Jas A Gar
field, hence Aug 3; schr Western Home, hence
Auj 7-
Salled Anc 23 — Stmr Empire, for San Fran-
Cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed Aur 23— Stmr Sig
nal, for Tape Nome: schr Serena Thayer. for
Kahulul; schr Maggie C Rusa. for San Fran-
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Aug 23— Schr Emma Ct
ter, for Coos Bay.
EUREKA— Arrived Ang 25— Stmr Eureka, hno
Aur 23. v
POUT > L.UDLOW — Arrived Augf 23— Schr
Comet, from Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 25— Schr Edith, from
Nome.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Ang 23— Bktn Ska-
Cit. from Honolulu.
ST MICHAEL— Sailed Aug 4— Schr Sehome.
for Tacorr.a. . ¦
CRESCENT CITY-Sailed Aug 21-Schr Mon
terey, for Pan Francisco.
HONOLULU- Arrived " Aus lS-Schr Ilenry
Wilson, from Grays Harbor.
EASTERN PORT.
BALTIMORE-Sailed Ayg 23-Bark Pactolus,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. Aus — In port, loading:. July 30
— Br ship Cawdor. for San Francisco; Br ship
Falkland, for San Diego; Br ship Fannie Kerr,
for San Francisco: Br bark Invermark. for San
Franci?co: Fr bark Lamorieler*. fnr San Fran
riseo: Bt ship Crocodile, for San Francisco: Br
ship Celtlcburn. for San Francisco: ship Star
it France, fnr San Francisco; Nor bark Prince
Victor, for Honolulu: Br ship Sokottj. for San
Francisco: Br ship DItton. for San Francisco;
Br barS Adderley. for Honolulu; Br bark In
eerce. for San Francisco; Br sntp* Clan Mac
pherson. for Honolulu; ship Kennebee. for
Honolulu.
TALCAHUANO— Arrived Aug 4— Dr shlD Tln-
U> Hill, hence May 17. .
FALMOUTir— Sailed Anc 24— Br ship Com
bermere, for Limerick.
HONGKONG— Sailed July SO— Br bark Glen
shee. •
MONTEVIDEO-Sailed Aus 7-Cer stmr Oc
iavla. for Hamburg.
VALPARAISO— Sailed July 13— Br ship Com
monwealth.
TALTAL-Salled Aug g-Cer stmr Luxor, for
Montevideo. 'Jfto&
VICTORIA— Arrived Aujr 24— Ship Hawaiian
Isles, from Santa Rosalia.
Continued on Page Thirty-Eight.
SPOKEN
Saturday. August 25.
Etmr Cleone, Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr "WestBOrt, Ericsson. Bear Harbor.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San Diego.
Etmr Crescent City. Stockfk-th. Crescent City.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle.
Stmr Navaxro, Jensen. Bihlers Point.
Ship Santa Clara. LJndberff. Karluk.
Schr J Eppinger, Skipper, Stewarts Point.
Schr Mary Etta. Andersen. Bowens Landing.
Schr Fortuna, Lubersr, Eureka.
Schr Repeat. Olsen. Columbia. River.
SAILED.
Saturday. August 25.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins £ Co.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nav Co.
Br ship Afghanistan. Cralgle. Liverpool: Bal
four. Guthrie & Co.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. August 25.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Guthrte. 69 hours from
Port Hartord.
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnke!, 18 hours from Fort
Brags,
Stmr City of PueMa, Jepsen, S3 hoars from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson. 60 hoars from Ban.
Pedro.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brtdjcett,, 43 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson. 75 hours from New
port and way ports.
Nor stmr Thyra, Edyardsen, 48 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 30 days, via Hono
lulu 14 days, via San Diego 2 days.
Bark Levt G Burgess. Younggren, 11 days
from Tacoma.
Bktn Tarn o' Shanter, Wilson, 9 days from
Wlllara Harbor.
Morning Session.
600 Chollar 16; 200 O^htr 54
5C0 Con Cal A Val S2«»! 700 Silver Hill 43
2C0 Hale & Nor.... 19! 300 Yellow Jacket. 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
'SATURDAY. August 25-12 rn.
.. . ' B1( L Aelt -l Bid.Ask.
Alpha M OS Justice 02 03
Alta 03 04 Kentuck _ c'
•Andes 07 CS Lady Wash.... — 03
Belcher 12 14 Mexican ;« 23
Best &. Belcher 17 IS Occidental 10 H
Bullion 03 05, Ophir 53 55
Caledonia 60 53.OvermaQ 07 CS
Chollar 15 16 Potosi 21 23
Challenge Oon. 23 24 Savage 10 11
Confidence 75 SO Scorpion C2 —
Con Cal & Va..l 30 1 3S Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 ! Sierra Nevada. 36 3S
Con New York. — 03 Silver Hill 40 42
Eureka Con.... — 45 St Louis — t>
Crown Point... 13 15 Standard — 4 ft
Exchequer — C2!Syndlcate — <*
Gould & Curry. 15 16; Union Con.!.... 20 22
Hale & Nor 18 2Cit;tah W5 07
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 26 27
The following were the sales la the Pacific I
tock Board yesterday: ! 1
The following were the sales In the San Fran
:Isco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlr.e- Session.
20O Challenge Con. 22 10O Ophir m
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 800 Silver Hill..".'.'." SS
6C0 Occidental ...... 10 2C0 St Loots 13
Board
300 Home Oil 4 45
500 California Standard jj
1050 California Standard 30
1000 Independence u
100* Sterling O & D Co 1 20
100 Twenty-eight j 35
Street—
100 Twenty-eight I 30
250 El Dorado 1 00
MINING STOCKS.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Street—
100 Hutchinson S P Co a 50
$7000 Sacramento Elec, G & Ry 5 per ct. 93 75
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
*•, -¦ ¦ Board—
25 Giant Powder Con 83 50
65 Giant Powder Con gj 73
1 Giant Powder Con S3 00
250 Hutchinson S P Co 23 50
100 Hutchinson S P Co 23 73
10 Oceanic S S Co 94 00
15 Oceanic S S Co 93 50
100 Paauhau S P Co so 00
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 53 30
21 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 5-1 73
10 Spring Valley Water 93 25
H C & S 5H*. — — Bank Stocks-
Do 5s — 104 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 —
L A Ry-6s....lO7 — Bank of Cal.. — 4134
L A Lt Co 6s — — Cal S D £ T..105 —
Do gntd 6s.. — — First Natlonl.275 —
L A entd 6s. .100 102 Ji Lon P & A 134*; —
iLAPRR5s. — — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s. .127^130 Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Do 1st M os.119 120 Savinss Banks—
N C N G R 7s — — Ger S & L..1S5Q 2350
N R of Cal 6S.U3 — Hum B & L.. — —
Do 5s 11SH — Mut Sav Bk.. 43 —
N P V. R R 63.101 — S F Sav U....507 —
Do is 10«si — Sav & L So.... 74 7S
N Cal.Ry 6s.. — ' 111^ Sjec Sav Bk.... —
Oak O L & H.111 112 Union T Co — —
Oak Tran 6s...ll7«i — Street Railroads-
Oak W Cogtdas — 103 California ....123 —
Oceanic S CO..107 — Geary-st 60 —
Om C Ry 63...12S — Market-st 64 65
P & Cl Ry 6s. 104 — O S L & H.... — 45
1* i O H R 68.115 — Presidio ....... — 22%
Powell-st R 6S.120 — Powder Stocks-
Sac El G&RSs. 99% — California ....155 162U
S F & SJV 5s. 119 120 Giant Con Co. S3ft 83'4
S K of Cal 6s.lin411H4 Vigorlt 3 I14
S P of A 6s... Uli* — Su~ar Stocks—
S P C 63 (1905) — 110% liana S P Co. 7% S
Do (1306) ..-..112?4 - Haw C & S Co 87 -
Do (1912) .... - 121'4 Honokaa S Co. 25% 30
B Pufist gtnSs — — Hutch S P Co. 23*i —
S P Br 6s — 134 Kllauea SP Co 21 22
S V Water «s.llo — Makawell S Co 43T4 —
Do 4s "...102%103 Onomea S Co. 27ij 23
Do 3d mtg...lO2 — Paauhau S Co. 30 —
Stocktn Gas 6s 99H — Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn.im;il9ii
Contra Costa.. 69 S9% C«J Fruit Assn 9« —
Marln County. 61H — Mer Ex A«in. 97 lOo
Spring Valley. 95 95tf Oceanic S Co.. si3»4 S.'.
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A 2 —
Cent O & L Co — — Pac C Bor Co. 150 152U
Cent L. & P Co 4 5 Par Paint Co. 12H —
SATURDAY. Aug. 25-12 m.
Bid.Ask. Bid Ask
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 3Vi *vi
4s quar coup. .115 118 Mutual El Co. 10 11
4s do reg 115 116 O G L & H.... M% 49-14
4s do cp new..l33>/2l34H Pac Gas Imp.. 50*4 EH4
4s quar cour.,.109 lOSijPac L Co — — '
Miscellaneous— Sac El G&PCo 27^4 —
Cal-st Cab 5S.116H — S F G & E 63*i 64
C C Water 6s.lO6T» — San Francisco, a 6H
Ed L & P 63.127H — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
F t Cl Ry 6s. 115 — Insurance—
Geary-st R 6s. — 99 Flrem'a Fund.227 —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
On the morning Bond Exchange business was
of the usual Saturday volume. Giant Powder
sold from $S3 75 down to $S3. and Oceanic
Steamship from $94 to $93 60. Gas and Electric
was firmer at $53 60@53 73.
The oil stocks were quiet and not materially
changed.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
will pay a dividend of 33c on the 1st.
The Geary-street. Park an d Ocean Railway
Company will pay a dividend of 50o to-morrow.
Branch Hydrocraphlo , Office. TT. S, N.» Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. CaL.
August 25, 1300.
The time ball on tha tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. TT. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
OREGON. V;.'\ '
PORTLAND. Aug. 25.— Wheat— Inactive but
steady. Walla Walla; 65c; • Valley, 54©55c-
Bluestem, 68Q 1 59c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 25.— Wheat He lower; Blue
stem, ES'ic; Club. 63\4. both for export.
PORTLAND, Aug. 25.— Clearings, $254,662;
balances, $65,679.
Nortltern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, Aug. 25.— Consols, 98. Silver 2S'4d.
French Rentes, lOOf 70c. Cargoes on passage,
firm, not active; English country markets!
quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 25.— WHEAT— Firm- No
1 Standard California, 6s 3Hd@6s 4d; wheat in
Paris, flat: flour in Paris, flat; French country
markets, auiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 6 9-16d.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, steady £2
15s® £3 lfs. ' '
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s 2d; No. 1, Northern spring, 6s 3%d; No.
1, California, 6s 3%d@6s 4d. Futur*s—Qulet:
September, 6s ll%d; December, 6s l%d.
CORN — Spot, steady; American mixed, new
4s %d; old, 4s l%d. Futures — Nominal; Sep
tember, 4s %d; October, 4s %d; November, 4s
&d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— Cotton futures opened
steady at a decline of S@15 points. The local
market was very nervous all the afternoon,
with the bears having things their own way
much of the time, and closed/ steady with
prices 3@20 points net lower.
New York Cotton Market.
nominally steady; good to prime native steers,
$5 40@6; poor to medium, $4 COS 3 30; selected
feeders, $4® 4 75; mixed stockers, $3 25@3 90
cows, $2 65@4 50; heifers, $3@5; canners, $2@2 60;
bulls, J2 5O@4 60; calves, $5@6 75. Texans-Fed
steers, $4 15@5; do grass do, $3 2D@4; do bulls.
$2 503J3 40. .
HOG53 — Receipts to-day, 15,000; Monday, 32 -
000 estimated; left over, 1500. Active, stronger;
top, $5 55; mixed and butchers', $;> 05@5 60; good
to choice, heavy, $5 10<35 50; rough heavy, $4 95
(T{3 05; light, $5 10<35 55; bulk of sales. $5 15@
5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500: sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $3 60@3 85; fair
to choice mixed, {3 30@3 60; Western sheep
$3 25@3 75: Texas sheep, $2 60i§3 40; native
lambs, $4S5 50; Western Iambs, $4 75@5 60.
CHICAGO, Aug. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts, 500;
Chicago Livestock Market.
fifth boxes, 36c to $1 20; Duchess, two
fifth-boxes, average $166; Louise Bonde, two
fifth boxes, average $1 56; D. Cornice, two-fifth
boxes, average $2 40. Plums— Yellow Egg, sin
gle crates, $1 80 to $2 16; Kelsey Japans, single
crates, $2 04 to $2 64; Ponds Seedling, single
crates. $1 66 to $2 04; Grand Duke, single crates,
average $1 08. Prunes^ — Gros, single crates,
$1 66 to $2 04; Silver, single crates, $2 04 to $2 40.
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Pears —
Bartletts, boxes, $1 45 to $2 60, average $2 04.
Plums — Kelsey Japans, single crates, 33c to
$1 10, average 71c. Prunes— Hungarians, single
crates, SOc to'$l 45, average $1 17; Gros, slngl-;
crates, 55c to $1, average, 86c Eleven cars sold
to-day. Wet, unfavorable weather.
CHICAGO, Aug. 25.— Tha Earl. Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Cali
fornia fruit sold at auction to-day: Pears—
Bartletts, boxes. $1 60@2 30, average $2 01;
Bartletts, half boxes, average $1 05; Salways,
boxes, 90@95c, average 94c. ¦ Plums— Yellow
Egg, single crates, 80c@$l 05, average 92c;
Grand Duke, single crates, 80c@$l 05, average
$1 01; Quackenboss, single crates, $1@1 05.- aver
age $1 03. Prunes — Germans, single crates, 90
©95c, average 92c; Gros, single crates, 60c@
$1 05, average 63c. Cloudy weather. Eight
cars sold to-day.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 25.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit and realized
the following prices: Pears— Bartletts, boxes,
$1 70@2 20, average $2 03. Peaches—Brandy
wine, boxes, $1 05®l 10. average $1 OS; Early
Crawfords, boxes. 85c©$l. average 91c; Lemon
din*,- boxes. OOc^Jl, average 93c; McDevltU),
boxes, $1@1 10, average $1 03; Strawberry Free,
boxes, average $1. Plums— Kelsey Japans, sin
gle crates, 80c®$L average 89c. Prunes — Gros,
single crates, $1 05®l 20, average $110; Silver,
single crates, S3ctf$l, average 92c One car sold
to-day. .
BOSTON, Aug. 25.— The- Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the following prices: Pears — Bartletts,
boxes, $1 60<S2 25, - average $2 04. Flva cars
sold- to-day.
# _ _jf-
LONDON, Aug. 25.— Th« Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to
day were as fallows: Peare — B. Hardy, two-
NEW TORK. Aug. 26.— The Imports of specie
this week were $11,631 gold and $54,281 silver,
and the exports aggregate $45,347 silver bars
and coin and $1,155,875 gold.
The Imports of drygooda and merchandise
were valued at J9, 779, 774.
Add produce New York
Imports of Specie.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 25.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. U37,229,335; gold, $G7,652,06L
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London * financial cablegram says:
The markets here were listless and featureless
In every department to-day. The bank bought
£5000 gold In bars. *
London Market.
* _ *.
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— The New York Finan
cier eays this week: The loss shown this week
in the cash holdings of the Clearing-house
banks has been more than half made up by re
ceipts from the sub-treasury and by remit
tances from the Interior. Th« total disburse
ments by the former amounted to $5,690,000 and
the receipts from interior banks exceeded ship
ments by nearly $2,000,000. Drafts drawn by
the Treasury Department and deposited in New
York in payment for gold received at the assay
offices on the Pacific Coast has contributed
slightly to swell the total gain. It was an
ticipated that the advance would nearly if -not
quite equal last week's loss, and this may be
the cause actually, but as money has been
coming in almost up to the closing moment
It is not all shown in the week's statements.
The export of gold Is practically at an end
for the present and probably will not be re
sumed to in appreciable extent before th« sec
ond week fn September, when the third in
stallment of the British exchequer bonds will
have to be provided for. It Is possible, of
course, that England's need in this direction
may lead to an offer of inducements that may
cause the yellow metal to flow in our direc
tion, but In the meanwhile the supply will be
considerably augmented by receipts from the
Paciflo Coast, so that in any event nothing
but an unprecedented demand can cause us
even temporary embarrassment.
The fact that the New York banks received
from the Interior during th« week almost
$2.000,OCO more than was withdrawn ' gives evi
dence of a very satisfactory condition in the
Southwest; in fact, reports from those sections
aaam to indicate a plentiful supply Of money,
and lead to the belief that no heavy demand
need be expected until very much later than
usual.
Associated Banks' Statement.
* *
LIVERPOOL.
.JVbea.t— s^ ; De<J
OPan'ns- B 11% 6 IT,
Closing „ -.6 11% 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 20 10 21 40
Closing 20 15 2140
Flour —
Opening 25 95 27 65
Closing 26 00 27 65
*-: . *
TO SAIL
Forecast made atNSan Francisco for thirty
tours ending midnight, August 28, 1500.
Northern Calilornia-Cloudy and unsettled
weather Sunday, with light showers in north
eastern portion; llpht southerly, changing to
Xreeb northwest winds. ;
Southern California— Fair Sunday, continue!
warm weather; light southerly winds.
Nevada — Showers Sunday in northern portion,
cloudy in southern portion.
Utah — Showers; cooler Sunday. .
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Eunday.
¦with h<-»vy fog in the morning; fresh south
westerly. chanjfiriK to northwesterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. T-TcADIE.
For- .t OCicial.
PAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 23. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures wero
reported from stations in California to-day:
E'-irek* €2 Red Bluff 100
Mount Tamalpais.... bOl Sacramento i%
In<Jependenc« »'.] San Luis Oblspo 76
Fresno !••¦ j San Diego. ....„ 6S
Ism Angeles ;tJ .
San FranciBco data— Maximum temperature'.
€8; minimum, &5; mean. £2.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL !
FORECAST.
An area of low pressure overlies the Rock7
fountain region. During the past twenty-four
hours the pressure has fallen rapidly over
truth. Nevada and Kastern California. Cloudy :
¦wea-ther prevails over the entire northern half '
of the Pacific Slope. A thunderstorm is re- !
ported at Baker City, and rain has fallen gen
erally through Oregon, Washington and Idaho.
The tempt- rature has risen f rum 10 to 20 de
greea over Utah. It has faJlen about 10 decrees
over Southern Oregon. Warm weather prevails.
In the interior of California. Temperatures of
¦.bout 100 degrees are reported in the great
valleys.
A maximum wind velocity of 28 miles per
fccur from t:ie weat.ls reported at Spokane.
Weather Report.
(lTOth Merlfilan— Paclfio ifme.)
Mall Bjivlces from New Tork eay:
'The currant market was exceedingly strong
en Saturday, bat up to 1 o'clock, the general
closing- hour, the leading holder had not ad
var.ced h'.s asking price over that of Friday's
c!<"«e. A number cf bids for large lots of cur
raata at J*jc had been turned down up to that
hour, iloet other holders, however, would not
•ell Bt ln» tbaj3 flc »n<l Bonn held at Sc.
An advancing market w«ls reported by cable
in Greece, cne report having beea received. It
¦was etld. quoted the price there as high as
14s Cd. e;ui\aJent to around 10c cost to import
here. There Is a very good demand for Im
ported Ba!tanas, sales of 6C00 boxes being re
ported it quotations. A good Inquiry Is re
jKrte-! for two-crown loose muscatel raisins,
yr'.ih conilSerabie business pending.
"T-Jture apples were a little more active and
were firmer. Sales of several cars were beard
'.'. cr. a basis cf 4«»c for November. 4«ic for
"¦"! •'-«" and 4"- T c for December. Dried ra.«pber
rlet were cm. some business being done on
c. Lasts of 17c. No new business in peaches
or apricots was heard of during the morning
•Buying of Brazil nuts. Sicily filberts and
Onlll walnuts continues very TaJr. Brazil nuts
were sivanced another >*c. due to liberal buy-
Ing at the old Quotations of 9ijc and 10c Sev
eral hundred bag* were sold at those prices.
The trade ia Chill walnuts is still very active
cnO. the price has been advanced from SVo to
*c Some business was reported in Sicily fil
berts at 1014c at which prica the market is
f-nn,"
Dried Fruit in New York.
valued at $2-5. 4C7. consisting of the following:
S1.290 cs canned fruit. 1675 cs canned vegetables,
8501 cs canned salmon, 404 cs honey, 100 cs
apricot pulp, 13 cs beeswax. 1000 bbls grease,
«i-a ctls wheat, 15,000 ft lunr.ber dunnage.
Big Cargo for Liverpool.
The British ship Afghanistan cleared yester
day fcr Liverpool with a cargo of merchandise.
The bark Himalaya cleared yesterday fcr
Melbourne, with "£3,117 feet of lumber and 50,-
Ci7 lbs bops. Value, $25,123.
Merchandise for Australia.
Import* of specie at this port during the first
seven months of the year were $10,444. C55.
against Jll.78o,2S3 fcr the same time In 1S?9, as
follows: Gold bunion. $177,537; gold coin, $>?.
7WS.24:; eilver bullion. $l,r:j.633: silver coin.
$22,714; treasury notes, $i'2.C27. Th« leading
sources were: Mexico. $L557,391: Australia.
t4.1S2.1E5; Japan. $4,r?.5Sl; Hawaiian Islands,
(£3,140.
Imports of Specie.
Local bark clearings last week were $l?,O44.
613, against $:4,797.937 for th» same week last
year.
Bank Clearings.
The Expansion leads poles at Cbemalnus for
Eanta Rosalia: the Joseph Russ. lumber from
Olytnrla to Eallna Cruz, prior to arrival; the
King George, wheat and barley to Europ«, 3S»
Cd: the Rlversfiale. wheat at Portland for
Europe; the Star of Italy, lumber from Port
Blakeley to Port PIrie. 6Ss Sd. prior to arrival.
The Milvertrn Is ohwtered for wheat or bar
ley to E-urci*. tSi Sd.
Charters.
NEW YORK, Augf. 25.— WHEAT— Receipts,
70,310 bushels; exports, 23,993; sales, 2,730,000;
futures, 80,000. Spot market easy; No. 2 red,
SHic f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 7ST»c elevator'
Options opened lower and subsequently de
clined further from the effects of liberal offer
ings from the Southwest account. Closed easy
at net decline. Sales included: No 2
red September, 79 5-16@79»ic, closed 79%c- Oc
tober, 80<gS0%c, closed 80Hc; December. 81U42
81%c. closed 81%c. .
FLOUR— Receipts, 17,519 barrels; exports, 25 -
614; sales. 5100 packages. Market dull and
about eteady at firmer prices. Winter patents
$3 75@4; winter straights, $3 45@3 55; Minne
sota patents-, $3 90@4 20; winter extras, $2 70®
3; Minnesota bakers, |2 85@3 25; winter low
grades. $2 40@2 65. /
HOPS— Quiet: State common to choice, 1899
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
1,670 Atchison 27%
S70 Atchison prefd 69 7 i |
C$0 Baltimore & Ohio 71?* I
Canadian Pacific 89
Canada Southern 4}
Chesapeake & Ohio 27%
Chicago Great Western 10=4
2,323 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 124 7 «
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 22
ClUcaco Indianapolis &. UaU nM st
Chicago & Eastern Illinois %$Ci
ICO Chicago &. Northwestern 162
1.070 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 106V1
240 C C C & St Louis
Colorado Southern '6%
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42 .
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
Delaware & Hudson U2\L
tOO Delaware Lackawanna tk Western. 178%
Denver & Rio. Grande 18%
Denver & Rio Grande prefd.. 66%'
Erie 1O"4
Erie 1st prefd * 83V4
Great Northern prefd ...152%
Hocking Coal 14%
Hocking Valley 34%
Illinois Central lic%
100 Iowa Central 1914
100 Iowa Central prefd 45
Lake Krie & Western 2S!i
243 Lake Erie & Western prefd 92
Lake Shore 209
Louisville & Nashville 71%
130 Manhattan L 9114
300 Metropolitan Street Railway 153>i
Mexican Central 11%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 55'
109 llir.nea polls & St Louis prefd 93
1,100 Missouri Paclfio 5W
Mobile & Ohio 36%
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9^
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 30?i
490 New Jersey Central 136'
950 New York Central 123
Norfolk & Western 33*4
- Norfi*k &*%Vestern prefd 74%
700 Northern Pacific , 50%
Northern Pacific prefd 7iu
300 Ontario & Western 207-
Oregon Railway & Navigation.... 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
8S0 Pennsylvania 1:314
Reading jgi;
1.C50 Heading 1st prefd bsiJ
100 Reading 2d prefd -71?
Rio Grande Western CO
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
109 St Louis & San Francisco $t>
St Louis & San Krancisco 1st pfd 67
St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 33V.
1.400 St Louis Southwestern „.. 13%
2,295 6t Louis Southwestern prefd ¦"¦"" 097?
2,250 Bt Paul ,. .. " mu
330 St Paul prefd .'!!!!! 173
St Paul & Omaha * "112 .
1.130 . Southern Pacific 3?!/
Southern Railway [ jj
179 Southern Railway prefd .... " "*"v52W
Texas & Paclfio "...^.7*.
L435 Union Pacific """' 501/
460 Union Pacific prefd --......,
Wabash ${?
Wabash prefd '. 18 f?
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie sil
100 Wheeling & Lako Erie prefd ...."" 23»4
Wisconsin Central tiil
Third Avenue '.'.'.'.'.'.'." "looE
Express Companies—
~ Adams i«3
American ""* jc?
United States 45
Wells-Fargo '.'.'.'.'.'.'.' US
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 3314
American Cotton Oil prefd "" s<2
American Malting "" 4*?
American Malting prefd.... " 23
American Smelting & Refng '. 37%
American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 88%
American Spirits m
American Spirits prefd 17
230 American Steel Hoop ' jgai
American Steel Hoop prefd ' 66'
400 American Steel & Wire 34S4
4«0 American Steel & Wire prerd 74
100 American Tin Plate 25«A
--• American Tin Plate prerd '..'. 76V4
fcW> American Tobacco 93
American Tobacco prefd .V.V."l28
745 Anaconda Mining Co 44
20.775 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ZZ\L
100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 34^
700 Continental Tobacco : ; 26
Continental Tobacco prefd. .. ' 77U
<00 Federal Steel !'" S3»
Federal Steel prefd ."" (^x\
General Klectrlo 13a
Glucose Sugar " 51%i
Glucose Sugar prefd 9g
International Paper \ 27%
: Internationa! Paper prefd ee
Laclede Gas "" 751'
National Biscuit " 31V?
National Biscuit prefd tj
National Lead j. 17
National Lead prefd gsVi
National Steel 95
100 National Bteel prefd "-S4U
JCew York Air Brake Il30
North American 15%
..;... Pacific Coast 55
...... Pacific Coast 1st prefd 86
...... Pacific Coast 2d prefd «4
Pacidc Mall 30^
3,000 People's Gas ...;.., 9594
100 Pressed Steel Car... 38',;
115 Pressed Steel Car prefd ;. 70
..'.... Pullman Palace Car '....1S6%
Standard Hope & Twine 514
2,4S> Sugar ./. J 121
Sugar prefd ug
100 Tennessee Coal & Iron ; 70
1-00 United. States Leather ]0%
Ignited States leather prefd 6SV4
C25 United {Hates Rubber.......... 29>i
United States Rubber prefd 94%
200 Western Union .......;. 79%
200 Republic Iron & Steel........... ; n»i
Republic Iron & Bteel prefd 63%
P C C & St Louis...... 54
6/700 Eharei sold.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
pected. Taking into consideration the changes
in market values that were made through the
operations, the paucity of ready supply and the
inability of the market to digest easily was
apparent. When conditions like this arise gen
eral interest in fluctuations wanes, and the
market is given over to trailers, whose opera
tions are of the day to day order, what pro
duces the general stagnation In financial mar
kets the world over becomes of interest, and
opinions vary as to the cause. With the Mnset
tlrfl Chinese Fituatien apit.ating- clvilliation.
measures to recoup the treasuries of the' va
rious nations Involved for the immense sums
expended ip heard. American financiers are
weJl fortified against any possible unusual
drain of goltl. and banks are steadily strength
ening their p'»utirn by Increased circulation.
Foreign governmental Institutions are also pur
suing measures to enable them to meet the
enormous expenditures of their respective gov
ernments. The position of the Bank of England
was considerably strengthened by receipts of
gold from here and the Colonies. Retrench
ment, as for some tiir.e past, continues to be
the policy of the Bank of France.
According to trade reports a distinct Improve
ment ia noted In various lines, but the volume
of business la not ut> to the average, owing to
the unsettled state of leading Industries and
usual contraction In a national election period.
No essential change occurred in money mar
ket conditions. Payment by the Government
by r»fur.(3ins operations and gains from the
interior have practically restored the cash loss
to the banks of last week. Stocks moved very
irregularly throughout, but worked lower to
ward the cloFe on sales by tired holders. Va
riojs factors combined to infuse activity In
special Issues, but although rumor* were plenti
ful no definite news developed. It mattered
little to the traders what semblance of truth
eurrcunfled special moves as long as they af
forded an opportunity for a profitable turn.
Foreign eurport. which last week .was an ef
fective backing, was withdrawn, and although
sales were small, the sentimental effect was an
aid to short sellers.
The bond market showed periods of activity
RTid strength with exceptionally heavy trading
in the St. l>r>uis Southwestern issues. Irregu
larity became quite marked in the closing days
of the week.
1'nited States refunding 2s. when Issued, de
clined H, but the net 4s advanced 1 per cent
in the bid price.
TO ARRIVE.
Articles— - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels * 19,000 16,000
Wheat, bushels. 337,000 216,000
Corn, bushels .137,000 23.000
Oats, bushels 398,000 477,000
Rye, bushels 3,000
Barley, bushels 11,000 g 4.000
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column rives the second tid* of
the day, the third time column the third t!d»
and the last or right hand column glvea tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height
Kiven are in addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes th« height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* ot
reference ia tho mean of the lower low waters.
Cash . quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents, $3 70@4; straits, $3 10®
3 20; clears, SSiffS 45; spring specials, J4 30<g 4 40;
patents. $3 60@4; straits. $3@4; bakers', $2 20®
2 60; No. 3 spring wheat 73%o; No. 2 red, 75®
76Vic: No. 2 corn, 39%©39T4c; No. 2 yellow, 33%c;
No. 2 oats, 21%@22%c; No. 2 white, 24%@25Vic;
No. 3 white, ,23Vi@24%c; good feeding barley,
38630c; fair to choice malting, 44@47c; No. 1
flax seed, $1 41; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 41; prime
timothy seed, $4 10; mess pork, per bbl, $11 05©
1110; lard, per 100 lbs. $6 77V4@6 80; short-rib
sides (loose), $6 90@7 25; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6%@6*ic; short clear Bides (boxed),
$7 60@7 60; whisky, basis of high wines. $121%;
sugars, cut loaf, 6.88c; granulated, 6.32a- con
fectioners' A, 6.28c; off A, 6.12o; clover, contract
grade, $9 60010.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange as before.
Wheat futures lower. Barley dull and nominal.
Oats and Corn firm, but quiet. Rye dull.
Beans and Seeds dull. Hay and Feedstuff s unchanged.
Szi-cct Potatoes lower and weak. Vegetables in heavy supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs show no change.
Poultry ivcll cleaned up and steady.
Bartlett Pears again touch the dollar mark.
Melons and Grapes in good supply and quiet.
Limes advanced again. Lemons weak and quiet.
Continued decrease in estimates of the Prune yield.
Dried Peaches and Apricots firm.
Provisions inactive and unchanged.
Wool and Hides doing better in the East. Hops dull.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Bank clearings sJwzv a material gain over last year.
Fair trading in local stocks and bonds.
.: s ¦ „ CLOSING BONDS.
If IPiif isiiiii
. Chicago Term 4s.. 93 So Ry 6s 109
i g°'° f° A»££i? g* Standard R&TfaTs
, trie Gen 4s 63 tt p 4- in?i/
: Gcn w E ie O D K , c lst3 \^ *
: tn Eleo 5s 115 d 0 2ds 101U
i j ow *'s«t }*? .»"» west sh O ;;"4s::::n2%
L & N Unl 4s 99U w'ts Cent ljita rri?
M K *.T Sd..... 66U VaCenturtea M'. S%
MINING STOCKS.
CTiollar 12!Ontarlo 6 60
Crown Point 10 Ophir ru>
S° n Cal & Va 1 3 o pTymomh ".f::.."^ 10
,^f t^/^. M Quicksilver 1 60
?m A?"" 7 15 Quicksilver prefd.. 6 50
Halo & Norcross... 14 Sierra Nevada 83
Homestake- 60 00 Standard .„. . . I 60
Iron Silver i6 Union Con ......... 18
Mexican 24 Yellow Jacket 22
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pao 68%
Call loans 2@3 West End 93
Time loans 3@4% Westgh Eleo 46U
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch Tcp & 8 F.. 27i,4 Atchtson 4s 99%
Do prefd 697i N E G & Coke 5s.. 64
Amer Sugar 121% Mining Shares—
D oprefd ..116 Adventure 2%
Amer Tele 143 Allouez Mng Co.... 1
Boston Eleveated..l4S lAmal Copper .... i 87%
Bnston & Maine... 1SS»4 1 Atlantic ....... 24
• Chi Bur & Q 124-iiBoston & Mont.. ..317
! Dominion Coal ... 42 Butte & Boston 63 -
j r>o prerd 110%! Calumet & Hecla.,758
Federal Steel 33% (Centennial 16%
Do prefd 66% I Franklin 131:
Fltchburg prefd. ..137 i Humboldt 25'
I General Elec 137V4 ! Osceola 67
I Uo prefd.. 133 i Parrot 4l»i
I Ed Elec 111 205 IQulncy no'
; Mexican Cent 11% Santa Fe Copper.: 4%
: Mich Tele g5 Tamarack 212
; N E Gas & Coke.. 13% Utah Mining 30U
j Old Colony .: 204 Wlnona ;yZ
I Old Dominion 18 Wolverines 40%
• Rubber 23
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Francisco Bay.. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — Th» high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide- Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY., AUGUST 26.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 74H 74% 73% 73%
September 74?* 74'i 73% 73%
October 75% 73% 74H 74H
Corn No. 2—
August . .... .... 394
September 89 39 38H SSTfc
October 88 88 37% 37%
Oats No. %—
AURTlSt .... .... 21>4
September 21% 21% 21% 21»-i
October 22V4 22ft 21% 22*
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 1115 1115 11 O2V4 11 05
October 11 22H 1125 1110 1110
January 11 10 11 10 11 07^4 11 01%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 6 SO 6 82'^ 6 75 6 75
October 6 S3 6 85 6 77V& 6 80
January 6 57% 6 60 6 55 6 57«A
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 02% 7 05 7 00 7 00
October 7 02% 7 05 6 97% 6 97%
January 6 92% 6 92% 6 90 5 90
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
AUSTRALIA.
Wheat, ctls «75 Wool, bis
Flour, qr ska 10.14S!Pelts. bdls SO
Wheat, ctls l,930jHIdes. No 275
Barley, ctls 3.745 Chicory, bbls 30
Oats, ctls 3.273 i Quicksilver, fisks 40
Corn, ctls 490;Lime, bbls 317
Cheese, ctls 29!Eggs. doz 9J30
Butter, ctls 143 ! Leather, rolls..... 93
Tallow, ctls 226 Wine, gals 18,5(10
Beans, sks 991 Broomcorn. bis... 58
Potatoes, sks..:.. 7,170 Wool, bis 90
Bran, sks L5S5 Hay, tons 464
Middlings, sks... 3S5 Etraw, tons 17
Onions, sks 900 Hops, bis 20
Sugar, sks ECO
FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST 23.
Receipts of Produce.
RICE— China mixed. $t 20; No. 1. $4 7C34 83;
extra, $5 05@5 50; Japanese. $4 93®5 50; Louis
iana, $4®7; Hawaiian, $4 75@5 per etl.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.70c; Powdered.
-6.30c; Candy Granulated. 6.30c: Dry Granulated.
6.20c; Confectioners' A. 6.20c; Magnolia A, 5.80c;
Extra C, 6.70c; Golden C. 5.60c; barrels, 10c
more; half -barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more;
60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos.
half-barrels. 6.95c: boxes. 7.20c per lb.
LUCOL— Present prices of Lucol Paint 'Oil
are as follows. In barrels: Boiled, 73c per gal
lon; raw. 71c
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Eouthfleld
Wellington. S9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Wall
send. $3; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 ia
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $U pex ton; Coke. $16 per ton in bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$3 45 per 2000 lbs. and $3 50 per ton. according
to brand. -
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $o 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5%c; Wool Bags. 23» / 4@32Hc; Fleecs
Twine. 7Vic; Fruit Bags. 6'A®6?ic for white and
MiSjS^ic for bleached Jute. /
General Merchandise.
LAMB— Spring. 8H©9c Per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. &86Hc for small. 5^«r5 T 4c
for medium and SH®5Hc for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, 6%®5%c; dressed Hogs, S@SUc,
Previous prices still rule.
BEEF— 5©6e per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7®Sc; small. 8H©9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%©Sc; ewes. 7®7^ per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15t?16c: Northern, defective, 12©
14c; 'Middle Coqnty. free. 14016c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. lli?12c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months. 10&12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', »'<(llc: Humboldt and Mendocinot
16(g'17c; Nevada. 13®16c per lb.
- Fall Clip— Ean Joaquln. 6%QSc; do Lambs',
8@9c; Middle County, S@llc per lb.
HOPS— Old. nominal at 6®10o per lb; new,
IOSISc.
Damage to the Hop crop of Oregon, is feared,
owing to wet weather. The California crop
Is turning out light. The demand is slow and
quotations are nominal and unchanged
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. S}i€f9c: medium. 8«4c: Ueht. 8&SHc;
Cowhldee. hh-sts; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 8c: Calf.
8c; Dry Hides, sound, 15c: Dry Kip, 15c; Dry
Calf, 15c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskins.
Shearlings, 20@30c each; short Wool. 30&Mc
each: medium, 6O@80c: long Wool. 90c@Sl lt>
each: Horse Hides, salt. $2©2 25 for large. $1 73
for medium. $1 for small and 50c for colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 50 for large. $1 25 for me
dium, Jl for small and 25@5Gc for colts. Deer
skins—Summer cr red skins, 3iic; fall or me
dium skins. 3)c: winter or thin skins, tie. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, Tic; large and smooth.
SC'C; medium, S5c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 484%c per lb; No.
2. 3®3Vic; greace. 2U2Vic.
The same may be said of Wool. Sales at East
ern points have been larger during the past
week, but business here Is of a spasmodic char
acter.
Prices for Prunes were expected yesterday,
but at the close of business there was a rumor
that the association had again postponed the
announcement. Everybody Is now scaling down
previous estimates as t6 the size of the crop,
and it is even said that owing to the small
sizes and increased shrinkage the weight of the
crop will not be much In excess of last year.
In this respect Prunes are simply following
all the other fruits, none of which turned out
the large crop expected.-
The market is firm and several advances will
be observed. Fine large Peaches and Apricots
are very firm.
NEW CROP— Prunes, nominal; Apricots, «?i@
8Uc for Royals and lO^Tlic for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5<§6c; sun-dried. 4S24Hc;
Peaches. SUfi-Vic for standard. 6@6Vjc for
j choice and 7@8c for fancy: : Pears. 5^?7%c;
Plums, pitted., 5(ff6c; unpltted, l@l^c; Necta
rine?, 5 | 7j5Hc for red and 5^@6c for white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard. Sc; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas
Fancy, per lb, 8V4c; choice, 7^c; standard, 6Hc;
prime, 6c; unbleached .Sultanas. 6c; Seedless,
tO-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. CV4c;
3-crown, 6\4c; 4-crown, 7c; London layers, 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, Jl 60,. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common chipping points In
California. <
NUTS— Walnuts. 8®10%c for standards and 9
gllc for softshells; new Almonds. 12S13V4c
lor paper shell, 9H©10c for soft and 6@7c for
hard shell; Peanuts. 6g6V4c for Eastern and
Eg6c for California: Brarll Nuts, ll@12^c; Fil
berts. 12@13c; Pecans. 11011c: Cocoanuts. $3 50
&5.
HONEY— Comb. 13@14c for bright and 12f>
,12%c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7W@ 7 V£c; light amber, extracted, 6}466?ic; dark,
C'iij6e per lb.
BEESWAX— 24S26c per lb.
Provisions.
Are Inactive and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10^4e per lb for
heavy, lie for llzht medium, 12%c Tor light, 13c
ror extra light and 14^c for sugar-cured. East
ern suzar-cured Hams. 13c: Mess Beef, J12 per
bbl: extra Meas, $13; Family; $14; extra Prime
l'ork. SU> K0: extra clear. $19; Mess. $18 SO-
Smoked Beef. l2'.£Sil3c • per lb. - • .
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 3»4c*
10-lb tins. i»;c: 5-lb tins. 9 7 /4c. '
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. SHc; thres
half barrels, SVfec; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces
8&c; five tierces, 8Ho per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and-Hops.
• -More '-firmness In* HMw ls-Teported in the
East,' but local quotations j remain unchanged.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS KRI'ITS— Lemons, $1 2502 for com
mon and $2 50<?i3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $8; Bananas, fl©2 per bunch; Pine
cpples, $1 50@3 50 per dczen.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25<a50c per case; Canta
loupes, 50c@$l 25 per crate: Watermelons, J5
@25. with extra largo at $30 per 100.
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau, 35@40c per crate:
Muscats. 35© 65c per crate; Seedless, 75c@$l pet
crate; Sweetwater, 35@60c: black. 35@5ec- To
kay. 30@60c; Isabella. 4(X3S5c; Wine Grapes
|20t?23 per ton for Zinfandcl.
PEACHES— S5<@ 63c per box: In bulk. $15® 1> 5
per ton for freestone and tlo@25 for clings;
Mountain Peaches, 40@75c per box.
Bartlett Pears have got back to the dollar
mark, though It takes a choice green Pear to
bring it. Overripe stock sells down to 25c
Peaches are steady and good fruit brings top
quotations. Grapes and Melons are in ample
supply at about previous prices.
Ltraes are still higher, with a further ad
vance expected during the coming week.
Lemons continue quiet, plentiful and weak.
Pomegranates from Fresno Bold at S5ci3$l
per box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— •¦-'
APPLES— 25^50o per box for common and
60cQ$l for good to choice; Crabapples. 30040c
per small box and 60@75c per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts. 35c@$l in boxes and $15O
25 per ton in bulk.
QUINCES— 40@65c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@6 per chest for large
and $6©8 for small berries. '
RASPBEHRIES-W7 rer chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $305 50 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES-4ii6c per lb.
FIUS— 25@40c for single and 35@75c for double
layer boxes.
NECTARINES— White. 85®50o per box- red.
75c.
PLUMS— 20@40c per box and crate; In bulk.
$10@15 per ton; Prunes, 25©50c per crate; Egg
Plums. $12«fl5 per ton.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23i£@24c; extra
marks hisher: seconds. 22V-@23c
Dairy— Fancy, 22@22%c; good to choice, 20®
21Hc; common, 15@i8c.
Creamery tub— 20Q'22^c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@20c
CHEESE— New, 9®9i£e: fancy, lOo: old 8®8Hc;
Young America, 100104c; Eastern, 13%ei4c;
Western, 10@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 16@20o for store and 23S26o
per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 16@19c
erate receipts,
All descriptions remain as before. Butter Is
in large supply and there Is no scarcity In
Cheese. The Egg market rules firm, with mod-
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry was well cleaned up at the close, and
the fjftellng was steady. Game waa dull, as
usual* -
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10©llo for Gob
blers and 10@llc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 25
@1 50; Goslings. $1 50@l 75; Ducks, J3@4 for old
and $334 for young; Hens, $4@5 50; Young
Roosters, $4 50@5 50; Old Roosters, $4@4 50-
Fryers. $3 50@4; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and
$2@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen
for old and $1 6001 75 for Squabs.
GAME^Doves, 60@65o per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits. $i 50; Brush Rabbits. $1; Hare. $1 25
Q 1 50.
Poultry and Game.
<S<ttc for Bell; Dried Peppers, 8@10c: Carrots. 25
©35c per sack; Summer Squash, 30@60c for Ala
meda: Cucumbers, 2C@30c for Alameda; Picklea,
$1@1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50@75c for No. 2;
Garlic, 2 1 ,4<§ > 3o per lb; Marrowfat Squash, ?20
per ton.
Tomatoes, River, 20@35c; Bay, 25{&40c; Egg
Plant. 50@75o per box; Green Okra, 35<gi;0c;
Green Peppers, 35®50c per box for Cbill and 40
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c@$l per sack.
76c per crate for Berkeley and $101 60 for
Alameda; Green Peas, 3@>4c per lb; String
Beans, l%@3c; Limas. 3@4c; Cabbage, 40i@.".0c;
POTATOES— Garnet Chileu, l>0e» New Early
Xtose. 25(g30c; Burbanks. MOg'fiSc for Rivers and
85c@$l per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 75c@?l 25
for River and Jl 60 for Merced.
ONIONS— YelU>w. 60(&65c per ctl; pickle
Onions. 60(g75c.
Sweet Potatoes are lower and weak at the
decline. Vegetables continue In heavy sup
ply. Otherwise there Is nothing to speak of.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beyond the Government demand for White
Beans already mentioned, there Is nothing do
ing.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 75; Small White; *3 75
4: large White, S3 10@3 25; Pink. $2 2S@2 75;
Red, » 2503 50: Blackeye. $3 E0; Lima. $5 15O
6 25; Pea, $3 60<ff3 70: Red Kidneys, $3 25@3 60.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, J2@2 20; Canary, 3^c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2V4©3c; Hemp. 4{HV4c; Tim
othy. 4©4V4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, nominal; Green. $2 25©
2 60 per ctl; BIfcckeye, $2.
Beans and Seeds.
BRAN— S12®12 B0 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16^19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. tliftn 50 per
ton; Oilcake' Meal at the mill. $26(g27; Jobbing,
J27 50@28; Cocoanut Cake, $20<g21; Corn Meal,
$26 60; Cracked Com. $27; Mixed Feed. J1S 50014.
HAY— Volunteer, *4 E0©7; Wheat, • $10®12;
Wheat and Oat. J9 50@U 60; Oat. $8®iO; Clover.
*4@6; Alfalfa. J6@7 60; Barley. JS 60@8 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 80S37UO per bale.
Hay < and Feedstuff s.
The markets under this head continue quiet
and unchanged.
J4 7505 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, {3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, XI 75- Rye
Meal, $2 B0; Rice Flour, ?7; Corn Meal, '$2 75;
extra cream do, {3 50; Oat Groats, %i 50; Hom
iny, ?3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J404 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 60; Farinc. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $8
@7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, S5:
Split Feas. ?S; Green Peas. $5 CO per 100 lbs.
for family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60®
3 75. usual terms: Bakers' Extras, «3 40@3 60;
Oregon and 'Washington, |2 75@3 10 per barrel
|1 10<-<j;l 15; for seed, fl 15^1 ZZVt per ctl.
CORN— There are no offerings of any con
sequence and quotations are nominal.
Eastern. ?1 22'^: California Large Yellow,
Jl 20@l 22% per ctl: White, $1 20@l 22%; Small
Round Yellow, $1 20@l 22i£.
RYE— f>7^;@30c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Mornlns Session— No sales.
OATS— Quiet and unchanged.
¦White— U 15((«1 35; Surprise, SI 35®1 40; Red,
$1 10-51 23; Gray, %\ 12%fn 20; Black, for feed.
BARLEY — The market - continues to drag
along at previous quotations.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and 67tf@72%c for off
grades: Brewing and shipping grades, 77&@85c;
Chovalier. nominal.
— .:- . CALL BOARD SALES.
but the demand waa also very slack. Septem
ber closed steady, a shade down at SS%c.
Oats were dull and featureless. September
closed %• lower at 21%® 21^0.
¦ Provisions were quiet and . easy, Influenced
considerably by the wheat weakness. There
was considerable liquidation- of September,
while the outside was a fair buyer of January.
September pork closed 12>,£c lower, lard 7V>c
down and ribs 7',4c depressed.
The leading: futures ranged as follows:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SPKDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS
United States Coast and Geodetlo Surrey— I
Times and Heights of High and Low 1
.Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa |
39
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— Weakness was pretty
generally manifested throughout the entire
•tock market to-day, but as the offerings of
rtock« were only fairly large In Brooklyn Tran
sit, not tr.uch of an Inroad was made on prices.
Early hesitancy «u succeeded by a rising mar
ket, but the entire list weakened in the late
tradings or. the publication of the bank state
ment and liquidation In Brooklyn Transit.
Numerous favorable weekly statements of earn
ings ra:..»- to hand, but their showings were
without aval! In sustaining prices. Respecting
the recent activity and strength In St. Louis
Southwestern, the July cUtement made known
to-day is explanatory- The report ehowed a
sain of 60 per cent In net earnings over the
corresponding t*;rlod a. year ago. Estimates as
to the extent to which the banks had recouped
themselves on eubtrearury operations and the
Interior currency movement for the loss In
cash last week was not borne out in the offl
ria! report. The discrepancy Is thought to be
Sue to the complicated » ret em of averages,
which does not indicate the bank's real
Mrength.
Result* Jn the etnek market this week were
0 '^appointing to bulls and bears alike. Whll
tbe market wan unrevponftivV to good news,
pnfavorable factor* failed to create any marked
liquidation. The floating supply of stock is
tdmltted to be email, owing to the absorption
>f prominent Interests who ba\-«» perfected or
ire j.rojp. tln*r various deals. With the hold-
UKf> of investment Interests to be considered
tautlon necessarily surrounds bear operations.
Ko Important bull pools developed, but there
**re some movements which had a manlpula
3ve appearance. The beet Illustration of the
• arrow n*-** of the market was attested by the
ride chance* which occurred In special Mocks
l-hen a large filing or buying order wa. ex-
crop. 10@13c; old, 2@5c; Pacific Coast, 1833*crop
10fel3c; old. 2®5.
HIDES— Firm; California, 21 to 25 lbs, 21Hc.
BUTTEH— Receipts. 3956 packages. Steady;
current packed factory, 14®16c
KCGS- Receipts. 4057 packages. Firm; "West
ern,, loss off, I6@17c; Western regular pack
ing at mark, 10@15c.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio. weak; No. 7 invoice,
8%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, nominal. The mar
ket for coffee futures, closed steady, five points
higher to five points net lower. Total sales
were 9250 bags, including: August, $7 25; Sep
tember, $7 20«7 25; October, $7 30; December,
17 5C@7 55; March, $7 60 and May. $7 70.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining-, 4Vic: Cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 4c; re
fined, steady; No. 6, 5.65c; No. 7, 5.45c; No. 8,
6.35; No. 9, 5.35c; No. 10. R.20c; No. 11, 5.20c;
No. 12, 5.15c; No. 13, 5.10c; No. 14. 5.10o: Stand
ard A. 5.90c; Confectioners' A. 5.90e; mold A,
6.35c; cut loaf, 6.50c; crushed, 6.&0c; powdered,
6.20c; granulated, 6.10c; cubes, 6.25c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— There was not much
doing In the dried fruit market and Interest
ing new phases failed to come to light. Quo
tations follow:
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
3<rtSc: prime, 4%{j.5',ic; choice, 6K06c: fancy
6»4@7c. .
'California dried fruits:
PRUNES— 3&@7c per pound as to bIzo and
quality.
APRICOTS— Ttoyal, ll@14c; Moorpark, 15tfrl7c
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled. 6@9c
CHICAGO. Auk. 23.— "Wheat opened steady on
a little bull sentiment left over from yester
day, but the remainder of the session saw the
bears in the ascendant. Trade was quiet and
throughout there , was a fair amount of liqui
dation, both local and outside. Liverpool cables
were not encouraging and bearish -sentiment
was further encouraged by clearing weather In
the Northwest. Minneapolis was weak and this
fact had considerable to do. with sentiment
riere. The decline at Minneapolis was taken to
•n«*ui an Improvement in Northwest crop con-
II t tons, although reports received here were as
rlooray as ever. It was explained alter it was
ill over that the Minneapolis decline was due
o Minneapolis elevator people, who changed
he seat of their operations, buying In Chicago
ind Felling In their own local market, which
vas 3c over Chicago. Nevertheless, Chicago
raders did a deal of selling in sympathy with
llnncn polls and September, ¦ having opened at
<7» | SJ74%c, dropped to 73%e, closing %@lo down
t 73%®73%C; ¦¦¦-!. -,,.- ; i- -.. . ¦?";/„-, ¦•,.
Corn Was dull and furnished nothing new to
tie speculative situation. Offerings were light,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
fun rises 5:31
!un seta 6:4*
locn sets 7:07 p. m.
O I/Time Tim* Time Time
» Lff HW t. W HW
o Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
*"777[ 5:47 ~o7I 12:1?"T3 8:14 ~T7 77777
HW L.W HW t. VT
r7 ...I 0:30 4.8 <:1S 1.2 1:05 5.2 8:54 l.S
!3 ... 1:14 4.5 «:4o 1.6 1:31 S.I 7:31 1.4
O ... 2:00 4.S 7:14 1.9 1:58 5.1 8:15 1.3
iO ... 2:S5 4.01 7:4." 2.3 J:W 5.1 9:0« 1.2
tl ... 3:57 3. Si S:23 2.8 2:59! 5.01 10:06 1.1
1 ... K:11 3 Tl 9-1.-. a. A 5 .111 K.Ol Ilriil O.<»
Steamer. From. I Due.
Tanis JHamburg |Aur. 26
Curacao Mexico Aug. :7
Santa Rosa San Dl^tro Auk. T>
Kmplre Cooa liay. ................. Auk. 27
Eureka Humboldt Aug. Tl
Pan Mateo jNanaimo Auk. 27
Warfleld [Oyster Harbor Auk. 27
Matteawan ....JTacotna Auk. M
Newburg [Grays Harbor Aug. 28
China China and Japan Au«. 2X
State of Cal lPortland Auqt. 23
Arcata 'r O os Fay _.. Aug. :<
Pomona Seattle Auk- 29
Coos Bay Newport An(. 2"«
Macklnair Seattle Aug. 23
Point Arena ... Point Arena Auk. 3D
Walla Walla.... Victoria Aug. 1)
North Fork fllumboMt Auk. 30
Crescent City ..ICresepm City Auk. 30
Acapulco Xew York An?. 31
Del Xorte Portland Auk- 31
Corona San Diego Aug. 31
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Columbia .. Portland Auff. 28, 11 amlPler 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Auir. ->». 2 ptn Pier !
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 27. 3 pm Pier :
Bonlta Newport Aug. 27. 9 am'Pler t
Peru I New York Aug. 28. 12 mfPMSS
Eureka IHumboldt Aug. 28. 10 am Pier l:
Emplr» [Coos Bay Auk. 23. 10 am Pier l:
Hongk's M|Chlna&Japan Aug. 29. 1 pm PMSS
Panta RosalSan Dleso Aug. 29, 11 am Pier l:
City Pueblal Victoria Aug. 23. 11 am Pier '.
Arcata .... Coos Bay Aug. 30, 12 m Pier 1.'
State Cal... Portland Aug. 31. 11 am Pier 2-
N'owburg .. Grays Harbor Aug. 31 1
Coos Bay.. Newport 'Aug. 31. 9 am'Pler 1'
Corona San Dleeo ISeo. 2. 11 am'Plfir 1
7c
Steamer. From. I Due.
Tanis JHamburg |Aur. 26
Curacao Mexico Aug. :7
Santa Rosa San Dl^tro Auk. T>
Kmplre Cooa liay. ................. Auk. 27
Eureka Humboldt Aug. Tl
Pan Mateo jNanaimo Auk. 27
Warfleld [Oyster Harbor Auk. 27
Matteawan ....JTacotna Auk. M
Newburg [Grays Harbor Aug. 28
China China and Japan Au«. 2X
State of Cal lPortland Auqt. 23
Arcata 'r O os Fay _.. Aug. :<
Pomona Seattle Auk- 29
Coos Bay Newport An(. 2"«
Macklnair Seattle Aug. 23
Point Arena ... Point Arena Auk. 3D
Walla Walla.... Victoria Aug. 1)
North Fork fllumboMt Auk. 30
Crescent City ..ICresepm City Auk. 30
Acapulco Xew York An?. 31
Del Xorte Portland Auk- 31
Corona San Diego Aug. 31
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Columbia .. Portland Auff. 28, 11 amlPler 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Auir. ->». 2 ptn Pier !
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 27. 3 pm Pier :
Bonlta Newport Aug. 27. 9 am'Pler t
Peru I New York Aug. 28. 12 mfPMSS
Eureka IHumboldt Aug. 28. 10 am Pier l:
Emplr» [Coos Bay Auk. 23. 10 am Pier l:
Hongk's M|Chlna&Japan Aug. 29. 1 pm PMSS
Panta RosalSan Dleso Aug. 29, 11 am Pier l:
City Pueblal Victoria Aug. 23. 11 am Pier '.
Arcata .... Coos Bay Aug. 30, 12 m Pier 1.'
State Cal... Portland Aug. 31. 11 am Pier 2-
N'owburg .. Grays Harbor Aug. 31 1
Coos Bay.. Newport 'Aug. 31. 9 am'Pler 1'
Corona San Dleeo ISeo. 2. 11 am'Plfir 1
7c
fun rises 5:31
!un seta 6:4*
locn sets 7:07 p. m.
O I/Time Tim* Time Time
» Lff HW t. W HW
o Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
*"777[ 5:47 ~o7I 12:1?"T3 8:14 ~T7 77777
HW L.W HW t. VT
r7 ...I 0:30 4.8 <:1S 1.2 1:05 5.2 8:54 l.S
!3 ... 1:14 4.5 «:4o 1.6 1:31 S.I 7:31 1.4
O ... 2:00 4.S 7:14 1.9 1:58 5.1 8:15 1.3
iO ... 2:S5 4.01 7:4." 2.3 J:W 5.1 9:0« 1.2
tl ... 3:57 3. Si S:23 2.8 2:59! 5.01 10:06 1.1
1 ... K:11 3 Tl 9-1.-. a. A 5 .111 K.Ol Ilriil O.<»
AUCTION SALES
£* £* fe
30 HEAD DRAFT HORSES. ALL BROKEN.
Bays, blacks and browns; weighing frr.m 13j>
to 15CO. Bred by W. B. Hardman. CHASE i
MENDE.NHALU salesyard 1732 Market st.Whether a person named as Inspector
possesses the requisite qualifications Is as
certained under the provisions of the Po
litical Code, section 1974. which says:
"Every elected or staff officer of the
National Guard must upon his appoint
ment or reappolntment to any office In
the National Guard appear before an ex
amining board for examination as to his
qualifications for the office to which he
appointed on the Governor's staff It may
be all very well in its way, but a brigade
inspector of the guard of this State is a
different personage, for the regulations
say:
"Upon officers of the inspectors' depart
ment commanding officers rely for Infor
mation as to the precise condition of each
of their commands, its affairs, discipline,
location and wants." Paragraph 74 re
quires that "The inspecting officer shall
have an intimate acquaintance with the
regulations and rult-s of the service, espe
cially those relating to his own functions;
and "an accurate and familiar knowledge
of tactics."
General orders No. 7 convey the 1 infor
mation that commissions have been issued
to officers, more than a hundred: In num
ber, some elected as far back aaApriL .
Lieutenant Commander T. A. Nerney.
executive officer of the naval* militia, has,
at his own request. 1 been relieved : from
duty as executive officer of the Marion.
First Lieutenant T. H. Derby, at an
election held in Company B. Fifth In
fantry, at San Jose, Captain D. A.; Smith
presiding, was promoted to the captaincy,
vice Partridge, term *xpiredr. The new
captain has a first-class National Guard
record and during the Spanish-American
war was promoted several- times in -the
Eighth California. for proficiency. Second
(Lieutenant G. L. Holtum was promoted
first lieutenant and Private Clalr Cutting
Markres was elected second lieutenant. .
The uniforms of the men of the First
and the Fifth Infantry will be. delivered
In a few days so that all can appear in
the celebration on parade In new clotheh.
Seventy-four citizens of Talbert, Orange
County, have sent a petition to division
headquarters asking to be formed into a
military company to complete the quota
of the "Seventh Regiment of Infantry.
Lieutenant Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil of
the First Infantry has addressed a letter
to Colonel A. "K. Whitton of the Fifth In
fantry informing him that at a meeting of
the board of officers of the First Regiment
a vote of thanks was passed to the officers
and tnnn «of the Fifth Regiment for the
splendid showing: madeby them on the
occasion of the funeral of the late Colonel
Duboce.
Major General Dickinson has issued or
ders for the Second Brigade to parade on
September 10. He will be In command of
the troops In the parade, which will con
sist of the First and the Fifth rog'ments
of Infantry, the signal corps and Troop A
Cavalry, with the addition of two compa
nies of lnfantrv from Stockton, one from
Woodland a^id possibly two companies
of Infantry and Troop JJ from Sacramento.
In pursuance of the orders from division
headquarters the brlgadiet of. the Second
Brigade has ordered his brigade to parade
on the day named and the troop and the
signal corps are ordered to parade
mounted.
has been appointed or reappointed, elect
ed or re-elected; provided that the provi
sions of this section do not apply to sur
geons Judges advocate, chaplains or the
staff of the commander in chief. Such
boards shall consist of three officers for
each brigade."
The orders read that Mr. Gaskill was
appointed and takes rank from A"prll 14,
1&00. at which time he was In Paris,
France. The examining board of the Third
Brigade did not take a flying trip there to
examine Major Gaskill. The major did not
report to the examining board at Fresno,
but he passed a satisfactory examination
before a board in a cafe In Paris, consist
ing of Colonels Foote, Runyon and Tru
man, detailed by orders from California
to conduct the examination. The question
that guardsmen ask is, Was that board of
three aids from the staff of the command
er in chief, they never having been exam
ined as to their qualifications to serve as
officers of the National Guard and prove
their competency to examine others, a
qualified board? The answer offered to the
question is that the three were not of
ficers of a brigade, as required by section
1974 of the code, and. further, that had
they been otherwise qualified they were
not in a position to lawfully discharge the
duties, for the reason that the regularly
appointed board of examiners had not at
that time been superseded, and the fur
ther fact that those were the ones author
ized by law to examine Major Gaskill. It
Is further stated that the three exam
iners In Paris were not in a position to
discharge the duties of officers as pro
vided In section 1917 of the code, which
states that an officer holds until his pre
decessor qualifies, and that no officer of
the National Guard can discharge the du
ties of his rank until he has taken and
filed an oath of office as prescribed by
law, and it la not of record that Colonels
Foote, Runyon and Truman filed their
) oaths of office as members of the exam
ining board of the Third Brigade. :y-.'rr<,
The guardsmen think this was a very
singular proceeding, and they are wonder
ing if it was the joint work of the com
mander In chief and his adjutant, for they
say that the former Is an attorney but not
a soldier, while the other may be a soldier
but that he is not a lawyer.
Another peculiar feature In connection
with these appointments is that by gen
eral orders E, W. Runyon takes rank from
April 14, 1900, vice Andrews, retired, while
the special orders declare that Andrews
was not retired until May 4, 1900. This
shows that Runyon was appointed to fill
a vacancy which In fact did not exist.
Was the Examination of
Major Guskill in Paris
a Legal One?
GUARDSMEN ARE
ASKING ABOUT
COMMISSIONS
National Guard officers are asking why
the adjutant general refuses to issue
rommlsfeions to officers elected In the sev
eral companies <tt tl:e guard without first
parsing the examination required by law,
yet issues a commission to the inspector
of the Third Brigade, who was appointed
while absent from tho State, and has not
yet returned, boing still in Paris, and who
bkfl not passed an examination.
It apr^ars that some time a«*ro. for the
reason that the four citizens of this Staie
who were' s«»nt on as the Commissioners
from California to the Paris Exposition
n:l?ht have propor courtesy and respect
shown them, the commander In chief
decided to make Messrs. Foote, Runyon
and Trumaji aids on his staff, with rank
of colonel, and Varney Gaskill inspector
of the Third Brigade, with the rank of
major. It Is probable that these ranks
were givon with the idea that the bril
liant uniform of National Guard officers
would obtain for th^m social recognition
which the conventional dress coat would
not have attained.
So far as this applies to the gentlemen
the house was confined to the kitchen,
and the damage done was slight.
Stories as to how the accident occurred
vary, but If the statements of the victim
and his brother Samuel are to be believed !
'"Moxie" died a sacrifice to Brandt's reli
gious scruples.
Samuel Rosenberg was with his brother
at the time the- accident occurred, and
tells the following story:
"My brother and myself were playing
outside Brandt's when he came- to the
door and* asked If one of us would light
the fire for him. 'Moxie' was fond of
lighting the fire, and Jie ran In with
Brandt. I went, too. Moxie took a can
Brandt gave him and poured the oil on
the fire. Then Brandt gave him a match.
He lit it and threw it in the stove. Flames
came out of the top of the stove and
Brandt called out to save the house. He
and Mrs. Brandt ran to the stove to put
the tops on. Moxio was in their way and
was pushed into the flame. Then I heard
him scream and I ducked out. I guess
Brandt and his wife got burned as .well as
Moxie."
"Moxie's" clothes, which were cut from
him, smell so strongly of coal oil that he
probably split some of the contents of the
can over himself, rendering his/ clothes
very inflammable. Although Brmdt said
there was no coal oil in the.' house, the
firemen found plenty. The house was
closed during the afternoon and all were
denied admittance. The Brandts are
known in the neighborhood as strictly
orthodox Jews, and are said to usually
call in some small boy to light the fire
for them on Saturday, it being unlawful
for a Hebrew to handle flre on that day.
Brandt tells a different story. He claims
that he went to the stove to get some
coffee out of the pot boiling there. Ac
cording to his story, when he removed the
pot a great sheet of flame shot out of the
hitherto pacific fire and enveloped Brandt.
His wife then grabbed him, ourning her
hands. He ran with his clothing ablaze
downstair s and collided with "Moxie,"
whose clothing caught fire In an Instant.
DESPITE the efforts of half a dozen
neighbors to extinguish the flames
which enveloped his form. "Moxie"
Rosenberg, a seven-year-old "boy,
was fatally burned yesterday morning
as a result of an explosion of coal oil^
caused by pouring the stuff on smoldering
wood in the house of Soloman Brandt or
Bratt, a peddler, at 256 Perry street, who.
according to the victim's story, called him
in to light the fire, as Jews may not kindle
a flame on Saturday. "Moxie" lived at
233*^ Perry street, but was a frequent vis
itor* at the Brandt house. The child died
of his burns shortly after noon yesterday,
after suffering fearful torture, Brandt is
in the Receiving Hospital, burned on both
arms and one leg.
At half-past 7 yesterday morning all
Perry street In the neighborhood of 25C
was startled by loud screams coming from
Brandt's house. A Mrs. Walsh, residing
at S45H. nearly opposite, ran to the win
dow of her house and saw "Moxie" Ro
senberg, his clothes ablaze, run out of the
house, closely followed by Brandt carry
ing a trunk or box on his shoulder. She
called her husband, who seized a quilt,
and running out wrapped It around the
burning child.
Sheridan "Wheaton, employed on the
transport Logan and living at 251A Perry
street, also arrived on the scene and as
sisted Walsh to carry theboy into the b&se
ment entrance of Walsh's house and cut
the clothes from his body, pouring olive
oil and flour on his roasted flesh to relievo
his torture. By this time the Fire Depart
ment was on the scene. Chief Sullivan,
seeing the little sufferer, delegated the di
rection of the work to a subordinate, and
placing the child In his buggy drove at
breakneck speed to the Receiving Hospi
tal. Dr. Bauer at once pronounced the
burns fatal, but everything possible was
done to eave the child's life. Some time
later Officer McXamara arrived with
Brandt, and during the afternoon the
peddler's wife Esther applied to have
burns on her hands dressed. The fire in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.
"Moxie" Rosenberg Terribly Burned by
an Explosion of Coal Oil and
Dies Soon After.
AWFUL FATE OVERTAKES
A SEVEN-YEAR-OLD BOY
MAN WHOSE INVITATION LED TO A BOY'S DEATH-
40
Hale's., !;„.-...-.. Hale>s> u~~J~~^~~ Hale ' s< l_ Hale ? s. __(
new store six doors west I||
j from a floor space of 18,700 square feet in 1892 to 28,0^0 square feet in rag
j '96 and 37,400 square feet in '98, and now rapidly reducing present stocks to %0
I facilitate moving to our own new building with 92,000 square feet of floor space WM
I in the fall of 1900— can you point to another such growth in San Francisco, Wm
1 or even in this entire country? and why do Hale's grow so? that's usual Wm
i talk — simply by selling good goods reasonably priced — during this great removal j|||
I sale unreasonably priced— Tbut we save moving expense and you get it — and more g||
I embroideries the di^ribu- jackets, our haBte is y° ur blankets, **•* rea " n " gowns, skirts ceding Wj®
a . « tion will not ¦* opportunity, if «• A ably priced origin- . , eroods of this Fir«v2
I and neckwear b e ft lon g wrappers, th p e ? e , s a y need> comforts ally y a J d have n oth- and drawers f ort y ,"
3 drawn out affair at these little Waists and let us supply it and ing about them of blunder if you fr.il to read and B^v|c
>$ prices, prompt comers alone can sJ^Jf^g now. these prices rnftgjns tne e ver yday ex- see the following, you'll not be fe^t^
; feel sure of being sharers in tho "" scarcely pay for cuses for a reduced asked to buy. but we warn you £2-£ji«s3
opportunity. the bare cloth before the scis- price, but it's moving time for — you'll be tempted.
embroideries— good edges— neat. sors or needle touches it. us— saving time for you. ladies' flannelette skirts, in pink jiii§
¦ dainty patterns— i to 2'/a inches , .. ,, , , • r-xWnrmi hhn- anJ b!uc stripes— made, with yoke fc*X£$
wide-worth 6Hc to 7V2C a yard- lad.es _ kersey jackets - some J H-wool h ™ ! £ J^ 1 SJS b orf e « bands-removal price 19c MSA
removal price ...5c have taffeta linings-others Rou- kets Wlth jj ands , om « ™ J° r^ ladies' muslin drawers-two styles |£gg
I ladies' imperial silk scarfs-Per- maim? hnings-were $10.00. $12 so T^W of .i" d p "" CV bo „ *!_ ~ one dimmed with hemstitched gjdH
I sian designs in pink, blue, purple, and $i 5 .oo-removal price... ?6.75 "* ¦ J*f* *™± <° o " s to cambric ruffle-the other with lace g&gl
3 lavender and black-were SOC-re- ..... . , , , f1 price $5 50 trimmed cambric ruffle- were jg|
i] moval price 15c ladies kersey and boucle cloth remoiai price ? J> J 35c — removal price 25c
|| ladies 1 stock collars, with em- jackets— fall weight— were $5.00 whJte blankcts> with red§ b!ue ladies' muslin skirts— finished 0H$1
£ broidery and satin ribbon trimmed ana $7.50— removal price $>s.(o an( j p ; n k borders— size 64x80 at bottom with five-inch cambric S^ffl
I bows — worth r.ic — removal . DeTca ] e wraD p ers _ tr i mmed , w j th inches— full of warmth and wear— flounce, trimmed with torchon lace §|gg§i
h P"ce :/•• . c braid on collar voke and rump were $3.50 a pair — removal two inches wide — removal ggSgl
SlliS^iliP^ ¦"¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ?2 - 95 Sili;Ii^S ¦
i -removal price 15c t fl ,°" n "- a £ OUt v *°°<> r d ° Ze £ T L e . ft °i comforters-figured both sides- with Hubbard yoke-cood quality WM
I ladies' black neck niches— made VttLErlr^^^lr\^R^ flllcd with clean ¦ white cotton— flannelette in neat Dink and blue t§£«
Wi extra full and with lone: plaited *i.5°—remo\ai price o»a double bed size— were Si.7i? each— stripes and checks— removal gfeCT
I ends -worth $1.50 - removal pcrca i e and madras cloth waists removal price ?1.35 price 43c
M pnCe ' —several different stvles — were Nottingham lace curtains— white rlNll
M $1.25, $1.50 and $i.7.i— remo\-il or CC ru— 3 yards long by 40 inches . . . v-i rt^ * a a - 9T H a i zJ%M
1 all-Silk Satin the color as- pnee... ......89c 8 5 c a pair-removal tempting Mew l^parttal &&
& ... sortment is .„ . . ., , price 69c nffprmn*; spien \£AgA
a ribbons hmkP-n nnri to Sllk dressing sacques. in black. *.„.'- , . uiiciinys did and safe econ- 5^^3
£ , ,. , J , r, ' . a .. white, pink, blue and lavender— Nottingham lace curtains— ecru \n men S omiea this sala »C^
i make the stay of these last In- uim^J with point d - csprit lace and wh ite- 3 / 3 yards lon^r and 50 i" off." look t %M
M gering lots as brief as possibls and sat5n ribbon— were $^.00— re- inches wide— were $1.40 a pair— re- tUrniSMingS °^;"* lf tn 7 off."
I prices have been further re- mO val price :........ .$3.43 moval price lr) lnffg are appreciated as they f~v^P
5 duced. note the savings. deserve shopping room will ba K? 33
IarnVQIS demand> a demand moval price " 40o g|||
whicli will not wait for our new iOk #^ Cl I VI7C1 1*0 CT *Ok 1 /3k
store— a demand for Admission WllCllll Vl W dl V odlC V' ¦'-]
day wearing. the N.S.G.W. J 1 " " t?I§
and eb^yiuh e 1Sr s 7urco h s\umes- firsts— you know what that means celebration SSdS? e " 1|||
comes in all the new fall shadines j n pn^mplu/^rp QPrnnHs fJ TP H^nfTAmuc & loves and millinery, therefore
and black-48 inches wide-ooc H1 ClldllieiWdie- beLOIIUb die aangefOUS we showing these new goods kpM
ya ;1;ip°cVrdi t -extra--heav; $ - 4 ,o to health, we don't handle them, you 86 of new 8tore
Sie wi^ulnela\i stv Jh?' new don't want them— they cost less— true udysmith h^; with tnm- H|
|f |i!5 0 o rs yirdo d r! d ~ suit ?7.5o — usually, but here are firsts at less m iu^diidVsmithfur"feithit 9 s^ Wi
ify black cheviots— the premier fhq n fUc, iiciiql nrirp C\{ carnnric nnH each . •••••••••••••. v-......? 1 -^ g|^
black fabric for fall— comes =;o Llld.ll LllC Ublidl pilLe Ul bcCOllClS aHQ stitched Ladysmith hats— silk tSerj
m inches wide— extra heaw— Si.so pV(irv n ip/rp rfirriAC Hfli^'c ffll^rfintPP polka dot trimmed— each.... $2.50 gg||
§S yard or. suit §7.50 cVciy pit?Cc CdiilcS Odlc S guarantee handsome dress hats-<opie3 of g r^
M fancy "zibeiine'suiVincs— a new fhp\7 muct nm\/P c^ticf nrf nru nr unnr f we11 im P° n^ d m^ e JjT lus *i r^n Ife?
§ creation for fall-comes with a Lliey ITlUSL prOVe SatlSTaCtOry Or yOUr for -now. each $5.OO to $10.00 |^
P SBS rtfnMdffi^^money back— ourremoval sate 5 h^r^d«^^eca ffl
m yaS 1 ?^ 50 . 1 :^ 5^:^!^ accountable for these quotations. ratlhnery cxpcrt3 * |fd
bgj new cheviots 1 — extra heavy — full ". - «. 1^ -.- kj EsOl
PI 56 inches wide— comes in soft Berlin covered kettles— six-quart lipped sauce pans— one-quart dlltumn glOVe new K1Q |yS
PH tones of mixed grays, browns and size— regular price .we— removal size— regular price 10c each— re- an( j trimmina g I. if r *t-1
r|S blues per yard ?1.50 price 39c moval price 12c a»u uniiiimii| eTery shade. £^*«
foii Berlin, covered sauce pans — hanging wall soap dishes — re*- nOVeltieS tint, quality giBl
:\Ul qnTT ,« o f * hft eight-quart size— regular price 6qc ular price 15c— removal price.. Oc and sty i e De k er9 to-mor- Jnjv3
W^ new elUtunin some ° , —removal price 49c wash basins— medium size— ree- row for you to see, pick over !*£§
€«¦! belt novel *fesl novel- n]ilk kettles— two-quart size— ular price 19c— removal price. .12c and buy % here 's only one F"« Ssla
$M «eil nj*ei -tes ties are here- regular pnc.e 35c — removal cushpans— ten-quart size— re*- Y \* j fl rm , r J »I*§1
ffl they brighten the spots made price " 27c ular price 49c— removal price. 35c to pay— ours— between you au gag
tfe^ dull by the recent heavy selling 1 milk kettles — one-quart size— straight side pots, with handles — the maker. B^^
«$« and even the' half and quarter regular price 29c — removal eight-quart size — regular price 3QC H. B. kid gloves — our own Kq|J
S3 prices of picked over lots can't P ricc • 19 ° -removal price 29c make— in all the new modes, tans, s^j
$m temnt unrticular women from covered sauce pans, with straight straight side pots, with handles brown, reds, preens, blues— also
•M'i +1 i F sides — eight-quart size — regular —twenty-quart size— regular pricc black and white— sizes 5'/i to 7li— ¦ U^^
*•£* tnem - price 79c — removal price 57c 75c — removal price 59c t i le b est gloves that can be c1 ' :i i!rt Wtitt
IIS form fitting black patent leather covered sauce pans, with straight tea kettles— to fit no. 7 stove for $1.UU 5^i>3
pulley belts, with' the _ popular, sides— ten-quart size— regular price —regular price 70c — removal Hte. Jouvin gloves, in all the Wj&jM
ie^fl scoop backs — removal price. 98c — removal pricc 75c price 59c new street, full dress and eveninc: K?r|3
!^^ each ...:...;. 35c" milk pans — two-quart size — reg- tea • pots — two-quart size — reg- shades — sizes 5'/$, to iVz— po bet-
three-strap black, velvet pulley ular price 15c— removal price.. 9o ular price 39c— removal price.. 29s ter g i 0V e at any pnce^T P KX Ko
belts, with button shields — removal rice boilers — one-quart size— coffee boilers — four-quart size — pair ...? I -« y K-*^
5S££? price, each ". ...75c regular price 50c — removal regular -price 50c — removal misses* two-clasp overseam kid la ''¦?** I
.wS; two-strap jet and silver Sapho price 39c price ¦ ; 43c K ] oves i n all the wanted color? — \fejJyi
¦.4;.^, belts, for evening costumes— re- rice boilers— two-quart size— chamber pails— ten-quart size— sizes 4V2 to 6V2, P" pa ' r :^0 g^
I moval price, each 85c regular price 87c — removal regular price 87c — removal " -n. O ver spancle'l nets— beautiful K^io
three-strap silver and gilt Sapho price 63c price 63c ag * a { i ream — 27 inches wide — re- j|2?£
belts, with button shields — removal lipped pressed kettles — four- coffee pots — four-quart size— rnoval sale price, Wffi
price $1.00 q Uart size— regular price 37c— re- regular price 40c — removal per Urd $2.75 and $3.00 S^
moval price 21c price 39c v " '
news of the t ?« 5 fl°° v « r ; ./»c| 7 ' n ieces™al 1 red need news of the A * B
new store rC ady for the fin- DD 14 piCVCS all I CUUCCU old store SiS ne i Mm
ishers. ' ; . • ; . .¦ reserve stocks of summer 4^>3
three passenger elevators /^v P nod5 are a11 forward at short KpI
P^ final wiring for electric lights f&ffil^^Zd^ GOOI> m ¦fSwiSS^* 1^ ' (ion ' t be timid i{ vou fiml a Xf£\
mM special care : has been paid to ~ , \. these days— it means moving Mm
''^% Sanita °' canditions - the Six O'clock Store. . . time and smaller price 3 . MgBi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
••THE CREDIT HOUSE."
Six Stories Hi£h.
In no article of furniture does j
¦ the artisan show more skill & i
taste than in the sideboard. Its
! importance & conspicuousness !
i in ihe dinning- rcom calls for
1 art in design and beauty in
material. So many styles at
so great range of price that |
, your needs & tasto can be met
$12.50 to $150.00
Some new arrivals of Art Pottery.
Rare Wcndinz of color & grace of
design in brilliantly glazed Jardin-
ieres. S in. top, $K25; io in. $1.50.
Drapery Department —Just opening
our fa!! stock of Lace Curains, the
largest we ever had. That means
curtains you'll like and want. A-
rabian, Battenberg, Point de Calais,
Brussels, Nottingham. Swiss, Ruf-
fled, etc., $1.25 to 5125.00.
CARPET DEPARTAiENT
Kohrasan Rugs— Big, soft, dura-
able, all around useful rug. Pat-
terns that are room-brightening. ¦>,
feet x 6 feet; fringed ends, $1.25.
free Delivery. OaWlar.i. A!*mel», Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
(Incorporated)
233 235 237 Post St. Open Evenings
:
GOLDEN GATE I
M- CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE f
%^$\ 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. ;:
y^Kf FALL, 1900. I
¦#Mf . jackets. ' \
E yer y st y Ie » s hape and length approved by fashion. X
' r^CJ'^y^W •! ' n tt1e lowest priced the precision ef cut and fit i
! l^Sl^i^A $ zni th= exiclncss of finish that make them T
ht^^yy/l T worthy a place in the list of tru: bargains. 2
Ciik Lined S5.OO. Prices S5.OO to $35,00, £
GOLF CAPES AT WHOLESALE PRICES. ?
GOLF CAPES, with extra top, as- • j*2v ?
sorted C'iior*. n j '.v Fa ; | «;tvl»s, at J^^^a T
$3.50, $5, $6, $8.50, $10. dsSzT^i 4
See Our Windows. - <^^^W ' J ''
m'H^M Children's Coats and Capes. |
In greatvariety, from $2.50 to $20. '.'.
SPECIAL. &3OO. SPECIAL 91.75. '.'.
I2i" ALL- WOO 1^ TKAMPING SKIRTS. 215 Dark Gray and Tan TRAMPING J *
grayp and browns, regular <JQ flfl BKIRTS. well made. C| *7 PZ ••
jjiice f5 00— on sale at tptJ»\J\J worth $3 Oft-on sale at.... «J> I • CO y
...... ........... .._.« « . . » « » T.-«--..t-t-.t..«..t..f .-»..?. .»¦¦«¦» » |»|.» » * ? iT *--*¦ T -¦*- tO