GERMANS SAY THERE
IS MUCH TO BE DONE
N[TJCHWANG, Aug. 11 (via Shanghai, Aug. 17).— Two
thousand Chinese attacked the Russian intrenchments
here to-day. They were repulsed with heavy loss. Rus
sian atrocities in Niuchwang have excited the Chinese. It was
reported that 15,000 Chinese were coming here determined to
recapture the Chinese city at any cost, and the Russians have
sent a torpedo-boat to Port Arthur for reinforcements.
the Herald Publishing Company.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by
FIERCE FIGHTING AT NIUCHWflNG.
Nothing has come directly to the War Department from
General Chaffee, but the adjutant general's office is momentarily
expecting advices. The officials were on hand during the even
ing and waited until a late hour before leaving for home with
out receiving any dispatches.
As soon as he heard of the news Secretary Root came in
from the Country Club and remained for some time with the
President discussing the latest information which had come to
hand.
The President was overjoyed on hearing the news of the
safety of Minister Conger and his associates. He has been hope
ful all along that their rescue from the perilous position in
which they have been for so long a time would be successfully
accomplished. To-night's news confirms that hope.
Contrary to the press reports of to-day, Consul Fowler's
dispatch shows that the attack on the city met with strong re
sistance. The Japanese force engaged with the advance, ac
cording to the understanding of the officials here, numbered
10,000, so that the loss suffered by them was over 1 per cent.
Allowance is made for losses in the forces of the other armies,
but it is presumed that it was in proportion to that of the Jap
anese.
These facts evidently were communicated to General Chaf
fee and the other commanding generals of the allies. Realizing
these obstacles, it appears that the allies decided to attack the
city by the east gate. There are four gates to the city on the
east, two leading to the Chinese city and two to the Tartar city.
Just which one of these was selected as the attacking point Con
sul Fowlers dispatch does not disclose.
The officials here were aware of the fact that the strong
hold of the Boxers was in the Chinese city, and for the allies to
attempt to force their way through into the Tartar city, in
which the legation compounds are located, might mean a great
loss of life and possibly a defeat. It was also known that the
imperial troops, who have sided with the Boxers; 1 were, "many of
them, in or near the Chinese city, and that much of the artillery
and rifle fire which has been poured into the legations had been
from the walls separating the two cities.
Previous information which has been received here showed
that the allies' armies took possession of Tungchau on the 12th
inst. From that city to Peking the distance is not very great — ¦
not more than a dozen miles. It seems evident, therefore, that
the armies halted for a time at Tungchau, probably for the pur
pose of giving the men a rest and preparing for the attack upon
the capital city in force after waiting until the rear of the advanc
ing hosts should arrive at the front. Possibly, also, the de
lay was the result of negotiations begun by the Chinese offi
cials looking to the deliver}- of the Ministers with a Chinese or
other escort. If negotiations were attempted they must have
failed, as the army continued on its march and attacked the
capital three days after reaching Tungchau.
giving important details of the occurrences at the time of the
capture of the city, was given out later in an official statement.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17. — The allied armies have cap
tured and entered Peking in the face of obstinate re
sistance, and the members of the foreign legations are
safe. Official confirmation of the fall of the Chinese capital
came to the United States departments to-day in the shape of
two cablegrams, one from Admiral Remey and the other from
Consul Fowler at Chefu. The cablegram from Admiral Remey
came to hand first, early in the evening, followed very soon
after bv that from Consul Fowler. That from Consul Fowler,
Obstinate Resistance Made by the Defenders
of the Walled City, but an Attack Is Made
on the East Gate and the Legations Are
Finally Reached.
Chinese Capital Captured Last
Wednesday, the Japanese
Leading the Relief Column
and Losing Heavily, .
ALLIED FORCES FIGHT THEIR WAY INTO
PEKING AND RESCUE BESIEGED FOREIGNERS
"WASHINGTON". Aug. 17.— Light Bat
tery M of the Seventh Artillery, Captain
Macomb commanding, left here this even
ing for San Francisco en route for China.
The command comprises five officers and
155 enlisted men.
THOOPS COMING WESTWARD.
it will be sufficient, together with the In
demnity . to the families of missionaries
and other victims and* for all loss to
property of the United States or of Amer
ican citizens, to make. It a very serious
matter financially to China."
It was also stated that, while the mat
ter has not been formally considered, the
indemnity to be collected by the United
States will be not only for the families of
the victims, but also probably to com
pensate this Government for, the expense
It has been put to In prosecuting the cam
paign, jj
"It haa not been a heavy expense, com
pared to the Spanish war," he said, "but
served. It may be arranged for them to
go to the Philippines, or one of many
other , places that are available . may be
adopted.".
Most of the London Journals Advocate
Stern Punishment of Leaders in
Outrages Even If TheD Have to Be
Pursued All Over China.
¦y ON'DOX, Aug. IS, 4 a. m. — "Peking was relieved on the night of th© 15th. "•
I This message was received last evening at the Imperial customs office in
1 London from tbe Commissioner of Customs in Chefu. It is the only offl-
I .clal message that reached England in confirmation of the earlier reports,
"Admiral Remey's dispatch not having arrived. In time tor publication In
the London morning papers.
The Morning Post, which is the only paper printing the Chefu message. iay»;
"To-day Is not only a day of national rejoicing; It is also a day of congratulation
for all the powers of. the world."
Proceeding to discuss the probabilities of a cessation of hostilities the Morn
ing Post asserts that the United States is willing to abandon any Idea of fur
ther aggressive action, but it questions the disposition of Germany and the other
powers to agree to s>uch a course. :»<
The Berlin correspondent of the Morning Post says he learns that no forma!
request for an armistice has yet reached the powers and that it is Improbable
that any such request would be granted.
The other papers comment guardedly on the general situation owing to the
lack of definite news when the editorials were written. Most of them advocate a
stern inquisition regarding outrages and the punishment of the leaders even IX
they have to be pursued all over China.
The Daily Graphic, In a paragraph apparently inspired, says there Is no reason
to believe that any of the powers will repudiate the previous understanding to
respect the integrity of the empire and the dynasty, adding that the proposal to
land a British force at Shanghai originated not In the British Government but
with the Chinese, who at the same time said that this should not ' be done If
likely to lead to international complications.
"This," says the Dally Graphic, "disposes of the story that the Viceroy of
Nanking changed hi3 mind under the Influence of the Consuls. Her Majesty's
Government, we believe, has no intention of contesting the right of France or
the United States to land troops should either think It necessary." \
"That has not been decided, but rest
assured that In their disposition the honor
of % the United States will b« : fully pre-
number several thousand, will be included
In any , arrangement made between this
Government and China incident to the
cessation .of hostilities. At- the present
stage of the Chinese situation this sub
ject has not been seriously discussed by
the : Cabinet; but there Is no doubt, ac
cording to this member, that the
States is in honor bound to protect them
and will sacredly look out for their se
curity;
'•'."What will be done with them?" he
was'asked.
CHINESE OPPOSED
COMMUNICATION
WITH MINISTERS
GHEFTT, Aug. 16.— The
allies reached Peking
on Tuesday night, and attack
ed the city yesterday morning,
the Chinese having opposed
their communicating with the
Ministers. Tungchau was cap
tured by the allies Monday
morning and they advanced
within eight miles' of Peking.
The enemy fled the night be
fore. The Japanese took the
arsenal and seized fifty thou
sand roku of rice.
The American Consul at
Chefu last night received a
telegram through Yuen Shih
Kai from Minister Conger that
all Americans were alive ex
cept the Inglis child and seven
marines. There was some sick- ~
ness, he said. They expected
the food to last until they
were relieved.
ALLIED FORCES ENTERING THE EASTERN GATE OF THE TARTAR CITY, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 15.
From Photographs and Descriptions.
American Troops Will Not Be With
drawn From China Until the Form
of Policy of This Government Has
Been Molded.
fipecial Dispatch to The Call.
rALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Aug.
17.— President McKlnley and his Cabinet are rapidly molding into form
Uthe policy that this Government shall pursue respecting the future Govern
ment .of China. Though no final action can, of course, be taken until
full reports on the situation are received from Major General Chaffee and
Minister Conger, it seems certain that tho American troops will not be at once
withdrawn. • -
In anticipation of the liberation of the Ministers and the embarkation of the
United States on important International negotiations, there has been careful de
liberation, and for the last two days the Cabinet has given special attention to
this phase of the Chinese situation. There is no doubt that the President Is de
termined to stand by the declaration made In Secretary Hay's note of- July 3 to
the powers, and it Is Important at thrs juncture. to repeat that statement, to which
all the powers of Europe are at this moment referring:
"It is, of course/too early to forecast the means of attaining this last result
(preventing the recurrence of the present trouble), but the policy of. the Govern
ment of the United States Is to seek a solution which may bring about permanent
safety and peace to China, preserve the Chinese territorial and administrative
entity, protect all rights guaranteed to friendly powers by treaty and international
law, and safeguard for the world the principle of equal and Impartial trade with
all parts of the Chinese empire." ;
The administration is now engrossed by a discussion of the' means to attain
these results. The first point to be decided will be whether; the American troops
shall be withdrawn from Peking and China. General Chaffee's recommenda
tion and the views of Minister Conger will, have an important bearing, on : the
action of the administration in this respect. The administration would prefer
that the international troops should not occupy Peking If such occupancy can. be
avoided. It developed at the Cabinet meeting to-day, however, that the Amer
ican troops will probably not be withdrawn until other powers tak# similar ac
tion. >:.':* ''¦¦ •
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— The Navy Department to-night received the following cablegram from Admiral Remey:
"TAKU, Aug. 17, la. m.— Bureau Navigation, Washington: Just received telegram from Tientsin, dated 16th, 10 p. m.: 'Peking was captured on
August 15. Foreign legations are safe. Details follow shortly/ • REMEY."
The Acting Secretary of State makes public the following plain telegram received this evening from the United States Consul at Chefu:
"CHEFU, Aug. 17, 1900 (received August 17, 7:55 p. m.).— Secretary of State, Washington: Japanese admiral reports allies attacking Peking, east,
15th. Obstinate resistance. Evening Japanese entered capital with other forces. Immediately surrounded legations. Inmates safe. Japanese loss over 100.
Chinese 300. FOWLER."
The correspondent of tho. Associated
Press Is informed on high authority that
Germany beyond doubt is preparing
everything for an autumn and. winter
campaign in China.- One striking evidence
of this Js the fact. that a slow steamer has
been chartered for December to carry to
China material for a sixty-mile field rall
ror.d.
agreed, but beyond that no agreement has
even been .attempted. The future mu3t
be left" to new diplomatic negotiations."
WASHINGTON. -Aug. 17.-A Cabinet
official said to-day . that "" unquestionably,
the native Christiana In • China, . said -' to
the Reichstag will not " be summoned 'be
fore. October unless extraordinary devel
opments ensue ln'.the Far East.
AMERICA TO RESCUE ;
1 CHINESE CHRISTIANS
"The United States Government has
acted v.'lth the preatest harmony regard
ing China with Germany from .the 'outset.
In feet up to Peklr.g the powers are all
"The Washington Government has as-
Bured the other powers of its willingness
to co-operate in carrying out a joint pro
gramme. This assurance has sufficed bo
far and will continue to suffice. In spite
ijf newspaper stories to the contrary.'*
John B. Jackson, United State ¦ Charge
d'Afltaires, when his attention was called
to these specials, said:
Referring to a number of special dis
patches appearing in German papers
which claim that the United States Gov
ernment, now that the members of the
legations are relieved, is about to with
draw from the International undertaking
a hiprh olHclal of the German Foreign Of
lice said this evening:
the guilty and give ample guarantees
against the recurrence of similar crimes "
The National ZeltunR. the Freisinnlge
Zeitung and theVossiseheZeltung express
themselves In similar strain."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY; AUGUST 1 18, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXTIII-NO. 79.
BERLIN, Aug. 17.— The news regarding
the entrance into Peking was further con
firmed to-<!ay by two telegrams received
toy the Japanese Jeg-ation in Berlin, one
<5ate<l Auprust :4 saying that the allied
forces were only ten 11 from the capital.
and the other briefly announcing that they
had entered.
This evening the German press accepts
the fall of Peking as a fact. While ex
pressing Joy at the happy discharge of one
part of the China programme, the papers
jyjlnt cut that there Is much left to be
Tixe. The I>rl!nrr Post eays:
* \' A great thing has been done, but a
greater must be done before the allied
pots-era will be satisfied. It remains to
obtain redress for the attacks upon the lc
sntloiK and other wrorgn. particularly th
fiSERfslnation of th< G^rr*n Minister, and
to lnsUiM a. covernraent * Mch will punish
The San Francisco CallCHINESE SUSPECTED
v-;v ¦-¦¦':< OF POISONING TEA
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 17.— A report
from Xijni-Novgorod says "' the Russian
customs official at Irkutsk In/ detaining
large quantities of tea destined for the
Nijnl-Novgorod fair on suspicion it has
been poisoned by the Chinese. The com
mittee has telegraphed an Inquiry regard
ing the mobilization of troops and the de
tention of the tea.
French troops to the front. Finding
there the Germans, Austrians and.Ital
ians, who were not represented with the
I advance columns, the general offered -to
I give tlwm facilities for getting- to tho
(front with. his. command. They accepted
j with thanks and a new column, composed
j of the forcesof • the nations mentioned,
j started for Peking. , .
American Industries Triumph.
V PARIS, Aug. 17 (Special);— American in
dustries triumphed to-day In the award of
the gold ' medal and highest ¦ honors over
all; others'* to' -the v Indianapolis Brewing
Company for their Duesseldorfer Beer.
I LONDON, Aug. 17.— The War Office has
received a dispatch from Lord Roberts ex
pressing a fear that General Dewet has
eluded his pursuers. Lord Roberts says
he imagines that Dewet' s escape is due
to his breaking up his force into small
bodies.
CAPE TOWN. Aug. 17.— Lord Kitchener,
after a forced march, has relieved Colo
nel Hoarc and the British garrison at
Elands River.
An American Consular officer has gone
from Lourenzo \ Marques to Xooltgedacht
to distribute money to the British pris
oners there, each of whom receives four
pounds.
PBBTORIA, Aug. 17.— General Dev.-et
has managed. to eludo General Kitchener
in spito of; tho fact that all the British
wagons had double teams of picked ani
mals. The Boers evaded the British by
marching at night over. grounds known to
them, while their pursuers were obliged to
march'in the daytime.
DEWET SKILLFULLY
ELUDES HIS PURSUERS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— The State De
partment takes no stock in the story put
forth by the Chinese Gazette at Shanghai
accusing Consul General Goodnow of com
plicity with Ujie Chinese. On the contrary,
he is spoken of in the very highest terms
and his course in the trying situation "is
commended. A number of statements
have appeared concerning Mr. Goodnow's
suggestion about ; the Janding of British
troops. .'The only part i which Mr.'; Good
now took in thia matter was to /inform
the State Department 'that he doubtda the
wisdom of , landing 1 troops of one nation
without others havlngthe same privilege.'
It- also : is said : that > the Chinese Gazette
i9 a . British paper and positively^ repre
sents a* sentiment existing - among the
English, at Shanghai . opposed;, to Consul
General Goodnow ; and the 'course he has
pursued. ~~ :
of war In which 385 officers took part,
held at Yangtsun August 7, and that the
advance columns were drawn in the fol
lowing order: Japanese, ; Russian, Brit
ish and American. The French contin
gent v/as obliged to remain at Yangtsun
on account of its Inadeauate commis
sariat.. - ¦ -...¦».;¦
CONSUL GOODNOW'S
COURSE COMMENDED
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17. — The
Navy Department to-day made
public tho report of Colonel
Robert D. Meade and Major L.
W. T. Waller of the United
States Marine Corps on the battle of
Tientsin. Colonel Meadc's report is dated
at Tientsin, July 16. After telling of the
situation around Tientsin and of the de
cision on July 12 at a conference held it
the English general's headquarters to at
tack the city about daybreak the next
day the report, in describing the early
1 fighting, in which the marines and the
I Ninth Infantry took part, says:
! We reached the advanced position about 8
a. tii. I took ISO rounds per man with me — 100
rounds in belts and 80 in the haversacks. This
is not sufficient for an all-day fight, and as It
grew toward night I began to be apprehensive
of being left in tha advanced position in a fight
where no prisoners were taken on either side,
I with only the bayonet to fight with. On tfie
j firing line the action was especially hot and
the enemy's fire especially rapid and accurate,
and at about 8:30 a. m. the enemy appeared in
large numbers upon our. left, among the grave
mounds" of the field in which we were, with the
evident intention of flanking us. I made a turn
ing movement to the left and rear and we drove
them away. Later In the day. about 2 p.m.,
they again made a flanking effort, but at this
time the infantry support of the artillery com
pany was on the mud wall of the city and aided
j us by a crossfire. The effort of the enemy
1 proved a failure and we drove them in.
We remained in the trenches until about 8
p. m., when we received an order from the
brigadier general commanding to withdraw,
which was probably the most difficult action of
the day, since the enemy had »o well covered
our position that their phots struck the crests
of the trenches and threw dirt in our faces
many being hit.
j GencraJ Dorward ordered that the troops
' should sleep upon their arms that night and on
{the following morning to enter the city., The
The Ninth Regiment was fighting somewhat
outside my sphere of action, so I am able to
bring forward only one. instance of personal gal
lantry . in that regfment, | although, circum
stanced as they were, fighting for about twelve
hours almost alone i and unsupported, and
never giving back a foot of ground until di
rected to retire under cover of the night and
the fire j of the naval guns, such instances
must have been very numerous. The one I
would refer to is the bringing back to me by
the acting regimental adjutant. Captain Law
ton, of the account of the position of the regi
ment across a wide and flre-swgpt space, and
returning with reinforcements to guide them
to his regiment when he was severely wound
ed. The withdrawal of the regiment was a
delicate operation, finely carried out, on which
I congratulate Lieutenant Colonel Coolidge and
the oi'flcers and men under his command
Among many instances of personal bravery
in the action I propose especially to brine to
notice in dispatches the conduct of First Lieu
tenant S. D. Butler, United States Marine
Corps, in bringing a wounded man from the
front under heavy and accurate fixe; Lieuten
ant Butler was wounded while so doing, but,
I am glad to learn, not seriously. The regi
mental adjutant. First Lieutenant . Henfy
Leonard, as Lieutenant Butler was suffering
severely, volunteered to carry him out of the
firing line. This gallant feat he successfully
accomplished, but, I regret to say, was very
dangerously wounded In so doing.
I blame myself for the mistake made in the
taking up of their position by the Ninth Regi
ment, not remembering that troops wholly
fresh to the scene of action and hurried for
.ward in the excitement were likely to lose
their way. Still the position fhey took up and
gallantly stuck to all day undoubtedly pre
vented a large body of the enemy from turn
ing the right of the attacking party and In
flicting eeriou3 loss on the French and the
Japanese.
his men, and with the First Regiment of
Marines in the death of Captain Davis, who
met a soldier's death in the very front of the
flsht.
south Bate had to be blown in by guncotton.
The troops had had nothing whatever to eat
on the 13th, save the small luncheon which each
man carried in his haversack. It was not ex
pected when we. started that the action would
prove so long, but General Dorward, knowing
the situation, kindly sent to the reservation for
footi and other necessaries and the bivouac
proved a success, and the men, although very
fatigued, were ready for duty.
On the 14th inst., the south gate having been
blown in, we moved into the walled city at
about 6 o'clock a. m. "We found the city filled
•with dead Chinese and animals. No resistance
was made to our occupation m the walled city
itself, but an Infantry lire was kept up by the
Japanese infantry upon the enemy, who re
sponded from the suburbs. Since then we have
had undisturbed possession of all Tientsin.
Colonel Meade inclosed the following
letter from General Dorward, the com
mander of the British forces:
Fronr the general officer commanding British
forces In China— to the officer commanding the
United States forces:
T1KXTSIN. China, July 15, 1900-^Sir: I de
sire to express the high appreciation of the
British troops of the honor done them in serv
ing alongside their comrades of th# Ameri
can army during; the long and hard fighting
of the 13th and the subsequent capture of
Tientsin City, and of my own appreciation
of the high honor accorded to me by having
th^m under my command.
The American troops formed part o^ the
front line of the British attack, and so had
more than their share of the fighting that took
place. The ready and willing spirit of the
officers and men will always make their com
mand easy and pleasant, and when one adds
to that the. gallantry and power of. holding
on to exposed positions which they displayed on
the 13th Inst., the result is soldiers of the
i highest class.
j We all deeply sympathize with you in the
heavy losses you have suffered, especially with
the Ninth Regiment, in the loss of their gallant
colonel, E. II. Liscum, while at the head of
BRAVERY OF AMERICANS IN
THE FIGHTING AT TIENTSIN
CROUP of missionaries— refugees
ff U from the missions of the Canadian
if v Presbyterian Church, in Honan
Province. China— were among the
sixty cabin passengers of the steamer
Hongkong Maru. which i cached port yes
terdar afternoon. All of them escaped
from the anti-foreign rage of the Chinese j
with difficulty and some of them met with
personal adventures with Boxers, robber
bands ajid hostile imperial troops that Il
lustrate most vividly the frenzy of the
r.atlves in their haired of foreigners.
The refugees are Dr. rnd Mrs. P. C.
I^slie. Dr. and Mrs. . William Malcolm
and two children, Dr. and Mrs. J. E.
Skinner and two children, and Mrs. Rev.
Dr. W. McClure and three children. Dr.
McClure. who is treasurer of the Canadian
Presbyterian Missions, remained in
Shanghai.
Dr. and Mrs. Leslie had the most thrill
ing experiences of any of the group. They
traveled BOO miles through the. interior of
China by carts and houseboats, were j
threatened by raobs and attacked and j
robbed by a robber band in plain view of j
thousands of natives, who refused to lift j
a !ian<l In their behalf.
The Leslies, who are medical mis- :
sionarics, were stationer in the Chang- j
l-V-Ku district, province of Honan, . which |
borders on Chili Province, in which j
i J ekine is situated. They heard June 13
of the trouble at Peking cad the next day
a mob of LDM people gathered out?iue the
mission walls. Word reached th«i. mis
sion that the Cousuls had ordered their
rw^ople out of the country. l»ut they stayed
lor two (reeks, until rumors of intended
attacks caused them to Cecilia to leave
"There had Leer, no rain in Honan
province for two years," Dr. Leslie said
last evening, "and the people were in a.
desperate frame of mind, ready to attri
bute the drought also to the foreigners.
We could not go to Tientsin, the usual
route out, so on June 25 we started by
Chinese carts — clumsy vehicle* drawn by
three mules— for Hankow, tHX) miles in
land from Shanghai, r^.i
"There were eighteen adults— ten of
them men— and six children in cur party, j
Three were mining engineers— Jamieson,
an American, and Reid and Fisher, Eng
lishmen. The others were missionaries of
our province— Rev. M. MeKer.zie and wife,
Hev J. CJo'orth and wife and four chil
dren, llev. R. A. Mitchell and wife. Rev.
J A. Slimmon and wife and child. Rev.
J*- Griffith, Rev. T. C. Hood, Miss Dr. J.
1." Dow, Miss M. I- Mclntosh and Miss
II. A. l s yke.
"We had an ¦escort of soldiers, armed
•with antiquated weapons, varying- v in
number from twenty to fifty. Ten days
out on our trip we were attacked xsf rob
bers. Cn:r ir.n keeper at Hslfl Tien, Nan..
Yang Fu District. Honan Province, |
warned us thai robbers weie ready to at
tack tM and advised us io Buy them off.
The three- engineers, and Mitchell and
Slimmon had gone ahead on July 7 to
ce* us a better jegcprt. Just as we got
outside the walls of Hsin Tien, a mob of
robbers swooned down; upon us andtat-j
tacked us witn swords, spears and stones.
"The soldiers of our escort took to their
heels. We believe that part of -them
ioir.ed the robbers. We had but two re- I
voJvers -Two* of thjim woro put out cf
the fiRht by being. hit with ttcnics at the j
verv -l) 'ginning of the attack. J .had the.
third apd hit at least ona man; whom we
hea'd : died roon after. Then my right I
V—n'd was disabled by a sword cut and we
wore entirely defenseless. -
••Hv <lwt time ; the -roMx-nj began. to loot
our "bagRagje. and in their greed we
.•snned with our lives and the mul^-s. and
rarts Everuhlnp but the cloth.-s on our
backa was stolen from r.s. Probably »,*
QM people saw Hie attack without stirring;
out of their tracks to help us.
v.\ V p proceeded, hovevtr, (fflnq: afraM tr.
return. An official of the n<>xt town gnve
U« a little money and a .arsor e*cort and
after two davs. durinp wh!ch time we ex
«cc:«l hourly to be murdcml. we reached
a rver town, where the engineers
Slimmon ar.d Mitchell rejoined us, and we
took a houseboat for Hankow We ar-
Sed at Hankow Jul^ i n and took a
st gL Df rS b r«^ved 1 V fifteen wounds in
.^ «»Ci «irh the robbers- Sword cuts
levered T th- tVndons. of bis right wrist
a ?hil ri"ht lcB below the knee-cap. He
has no vh of his hand and very little of
1 fs l?p Other members of the party were
thouinds of forelffners are seeking tern-
porary reiuge in Japan and thousands
more are trying to get out of China.
Dr. I^eslie is from Montreal. He and
his wife went to China in 1897, Dr. and
Mr?. Malcolm are from Gait. Ont., and
first went to China in 1892. They will all
leave this morninj? for their Canadian
home.?. I>r. and Mrs. Skinner and Mrs.
McClure remained on the steamer at the
quarantine station. Th,e other passen
gers were landed at the Pacific Mail
dock by the Caroline.
Amon? the passengers were Captain B.
Haword, V, S. A., and Lieutenant Israel
Putnam. V- S. A., from Manila, and Lieu
tenant Commander A. P. Nazro, U. S. N.,
nnd Miss Mary Deyo. a missionary from
W-da, Japan. Following is the list of
cabin passengers:
J. \Y. Barnes. H. E. Contofsky. R. W. Ben
flVr, H. C. CroKFloy, Mips M. B. Curry, Dr. C.
II. Dcnman, Mrs. C. H. Denman and child,
Miss Lois Donman. Hiss C Drnman. Miss
Mary D*-yo. Mis« I* Duftler, R. H. Von Dors
srr. Mrs. 3. B. Fitzsibbon and child. Ml«s For-
Eter R Howard. Mr. Klster. B. R. Kellam,
Mrs. E. It. Kalian. Dr. P. C. Leslie. Mrs. P.
C. Leslie. X. KSmura. It. Lyons. Dr. \V. Mal
oom. >!rs. V.". Milcom and two children. Mrs.
B. S. McAllister. Mrs. W. McClure and three
children. G*wge J. Mlllrr, Mrs. C. E. Miller
and fh!M. Miss Lottie Miller. Master A. Mil
!<r. Master J. Miller. B. Miyoshl. Lieutenant
Corr.rr.in'1*T A. p. Xazro. Miss M. O. Laushlcn.
Mr/. F. H. Patch an] child, Lieutenant I Put
ram, T. S. A.; Mrs. M. B. Puttiam. F. II.
Porkins, Dr. J. E. Skinnpr, Mrs. J: E. Rkin
rer anrt two children. Mrs. M. J. Stratford. P.
M. S. Beberier, I. O. X. : Mrs. R. Selicson. Mrs.
B. Simon. Mr. Srmrnofr. Miss Taylor. S. A.
V*Tbroek, F. T. Sutsumi, ¦ Mr. Von YV. Wall
witz. Dr. H. C. Welston, G. Y. Amaoka.
JAPAN WILLING TO
USE GOOD OFFICES
. LONDON. Am?. 17.— The .Chinese Minis
ter at Tokio. 1A Sheng » Toh, has tele
graphed Li Hung Chang, according to a
dispatch to the Times from Shanghai,
that Japan is willing- to use her good of
fices in behalf of the Empress Dowager
and Emperor Kwang Su, but is deter
mined to prevent the escape of Prince
Tuan of Yansr Ki, President of the Board
or War; of Hsu Tungr, g-uardlan of the
heir apparent, and of Chao Su Chiao,
Commissioner of the Railway and Mining
Bureau.
"Li Hung Chang." the dispatch contin
ues, "has received Instructions from the
throne to ask Russia if she is willing to
assist China to arrive at a peaceful set
tlement and ' to give assurances that she
has no Intention of annexing any part of
Manchuria. If the reply is favorable, Earl
Li has orders to negotiate without delay.
Simultaneously the military in Manchuria
v.ill be directed to cease hostilities."
BIG CONTRACT FOR
BACON *FOR THE TROOPS
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 17.-The War De
partment has Jupt closed- a contract .wiih
a local packing house for a quarter of a
million pounds of their best fancy break
fast bacon for .immediate shipment to
China for the American soldiers now serv
ing under Major General Chaffee.
L.EAV.ENWORTH, Kans., Aug. 17.—
Companies E, F,,G and H and the regi
mental band , of the First United States
infantry. Colonel A. A. Harback com
manding, arrived at I'ort Leavenworth
from Cuba to-day and went Into quar
ters. After a thorough rest the com
panies will doubtless be sent to China.
EXCELLENT SCOUTING OF
RUSSIANS AND JAPANESE
PARIS, Aug. 17.— A dispatch received
here from General Frey, in command of
the French marine force In China, dated
August 9, says the rapid advance of the
allies toward Peking was due to the ex
cellent scouting of the Russians and Jap
anese.
General Frey returned to Tientsin In
order to "ie^i the reinforcements of
Fight Date Changed.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— The battle be
tween Fitzsimmons and Sharkey at Coney
Island will be decided on Saturday night,
August 23, instead of Friday, August 21.
as was originally intended. Saturday be~««
!r.g the 3at<? of the great Futurity event
at the Sheepshead Bay racetrack, whici
usually attracts thousands of visitors
from out of town as well as an Influx of
bookmakers and turfmen from the Sara
toga race meeting, the club mantzers,
after consultation with Sharkey and Fltx
simmons, decided to pull oft the fight on
Futurity night.
WASHINGTON. Aug. IT.— The Comptroller of
the Currency to-day appointed It. D. Garret t
temporary receiver cf the Somerset Xntlcnal
Iianking Company, Somerset, Ky. Th<» ban*
has been organized only since June 23, l^A ani
had an authorizad capital of J30.C00.
Arguments in Powers Case
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Aug. 17.— The ar
gument in the case of Caleb Powers,
charged with being an accessory to the
murder of William Goebel. was not con
cluded to-day, tho court refusing to hold
a night session. Commonwealth Attor
ney Robert B. Franklin will make tha
closing speech for the prosecution to-mor
row morning. The argument for the de
fense will be closed by ex-Governor John
Y. Brown. The entire morning session and
nearly an hour this afternoon was tak«-n
up by Colonel C. E. Campbell for the
prosecution.
Once to Tight the Flames.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 17.-Actins Super
intendent Goode of the Yellowstone Na
tional Park tc-day telegraphed the In
terior Department that another big forest
fire has broken out there and is now rac
ing between the lake and the upper basin.
The department wired authority for tha
employment of outsiders to assist In fight
ing the fire, but none coaM be secured.
The Interior Department has requested
the War Department to detail fur thi.->
purpose some of the men engaged on tho
roads there.
FIRE IN YELLOWSTONE PARK
Additional Men "Will Be Employed at
the King for at Least a Year.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— It i3 pretty certain
that James J. Jeffries will not be seen
in the prize ring for a year at least. Three
eminent New York physicians, who have
been in attendance upon the champion for
months, recently made a thorough exami
nation of Jeffries and decided it would be
fatal for Jeffries even to undergo hard
training.
They say his blood is in very bad con
dition and it would become worse in any
severe exercise. The champion's hones,
they claim, are also affected to such ari
extent they are liable to snap or break irt
a rough contest. Besides. Jim's left arm
Is yet in a very dangerous condition and it
will have to pet at least a year's rest be
fore ha will be able to punch hard with it.
Physicians Order TTirn to Retire From
JEFFRIES MUST BEST.
A very interesting exhibit Is promised
In the form of a herd of Guernseys
In the other departments of livestock
such as sheep, swine, draft and harness
horses, the exhibition will be equally as
strong.
Eastern States and Europe, whero he had
purchased some of tho finest Holsteins
to be had.
Frank H. Burke of San Jose will ex
hibit a grand herd of Holsteins. He has
just returned from a trip through the
C. V. Osborne of Sacramento will show
a choice herd, headed by a bull pur
chased by him in Massachusetts, a grand
son of the world's champion butter cow,
Brown Bessie.
Mrs. S..J. McFarland of Napa will send
up some Jerseys of the famous Combina
tion family. iThe bull at the head of this
herd is also closely related to Brown
Bessie.
Walter S. Hobart of San Mateo will
probably show his choice herd, and Sec
retary Shields of the State Agricultural
Society will have fifteen head, led by a
bull imported from the island of Jersey,
and which was presented to him by Presi
dent A. B. Spreckels of the State Agricul
tural Society.
Henry Pierce's famous Terba Buena
herd will come up twenty strong, headed
by a bull recently brought out from
Maine.
The Jerseys will make a great showing.
A choice herd will be shown by a New
York breeder.
The shorthorns, always a popular breed,
will be strongly represented. Joseph Mar
zen of Lovelocks. Nev., owns one of the
finest herds in the West, and it will be
shown at the State fair.
James Whittaker of Gait, Sacramento
County, will show sixteen head of Here
fords. His herd was purchased without
regard to expense and has been very
carefully bred from the finest sires to be
had in this country.
Another choice herd of Herefords to be
shown here is that owned by D. S. Cone
of Red Bluff. He made his first purchases
of Spark3. He showed them against
Sparks at the last State fair and was
beaten. Cone resolved this year to be
prepared for such competition, and has
selected in the East the very cream of
Hereford excellence. He has a two-year
old bull which he believes is the equal of
any of his class in America, and is con
fident of winning with him at the fair.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 17.-The livestock
exhibit which has already been entered
for the coming State fair guarantees a
great show. In the Hereford section John
Sparks' famous herd of Reno, Nev., will
be exhibited. This herd has a long ca
reer of prize-winning and includes some
of the most famous American Hereford^
and a number of imported English prize
winners. It has been strengthened this
year by a number of Eastern purchases
and some importations.
Rl-ecial IMspatch to The Call.
Several Herds of Hereford,
Shorthorns and Jerseys
• Willie ShowD.
FINE STOCK
EXHIBIT FOR
STATE FAIR
APPENDED is a chronological summary of the most import
ant events connected with the relief of Peking legations:
May 2$— Minister Conger telegraphs Admiral Kempff
at Taku for a body of marines as guards. Captain
McCalla, United States ship Newark, with one hun
dred and eight officers and men, Iand3 at Taku. Refused pas
sage on railroad; goes by river to Tientsin.
May 30— British and other troops follow.
May 31— Captain McCalla. with fifty Americans and thre hun
dred of other nationalities, go by rail to Peking, inarch
five miles from station through the city, and reach lega
tions at 9:45 p. m. , <<
June 1— Captain McCalla returns to Taku.
June 4— Boxer outbreak in Tientsin.
June 5— McCalla lands with fifty more marines and proceeds to
Tientsin. Railroad to Peking broken in many places. Last
open message from Peking (to London- Times).
June 6— Other powers land forces for Tientsin.
June S— Imperial forces defeat Boxers near Peking. Victorious
generals censored.
June 9— Imperial edict practically Indorses Boxers.
June 10— American missionaries in Peking gather in Methodist
Mission compound.. Catholics, with large number of con
verts, at Peking Cathedral. Admiral Seymour, R. N.,
starts for Peking with a mixed force of 1210 men on three
trains, repairing the railroad as they go.
June 12— Peking race track burned. Secretary of the Japanese
legation killed and legation burned. Foreigners gather in
British and French legations. #
June 14— Baron von Ketteler killed in the street on his way from
the Tsung li Yamen.
June 15— Empress Dowager forbids entry of foreign troops into
Peking. Tientsin surrounded by Chinese and cut off from
Taku.
June 1G— Admiral Seymour starts on a retreat from Langfang.
June 17 — Taku forts fire on allied war vessels and are bom
barded and captured. Chinese begin firing on the legations
in Peking" and the foreigrn concessions at Tientsin.
June 20— Relief force of 2000 men starts from Taku for Tientsin.
June 21 — Relief force ambushed near Tientsin, four Americans
killed, seven wounded.
June 23— Relief force reaches Tienstin.
June 24— Column starts to relieve Seymour's force, which is sur T
rounded near Yangstun.
Jaine 27— Seymour's column and relief return to Tientsin. All
legationers reported as massacred. .
June 28— Prince Tuan reported in full control in Peking.
July 2 — Message from Bergen (German).- countersigned "Hart,"
says, "Situation desperate." Admirals order all women
and children from Tientsin to Chefu.
July 7— Tientsin heavily attacked; Chinese recapture arsenal.
July 10— 10.00C allies attacked by 50,000 imperial troops and
Boxers.
July 12 — Courier from Sir Robert Hart brings message, "We are
close to the end. Good-by."
July 13— Chinese Ministers at Washington and Paris undertake
to get cipher message to Conger and Pichon, through
Sheng at Shanghai. Fierce fighting at Tienstin. Colonel
Liscum, Ninth United States Infantry, killed.
July 14— Allies breach, assault and capture walled city, Tientsin.
Jul>» 16 — Empress and Prince Tuan order expulsion of all for
eigners from China. '
July IS— Li Hung Chang called to Peking.
July 20— Minister Wu receives undated cipher message from
Conger to Secretary of State, purporting to be answer to
message sent on the 13th.
July 21— Chinese Empress asks France qnd later the United
States to mediate for settlement of troubles. Li Hung
Chang- arrives at Shanghai from Car.ton and stops.
July 22 —Ukase of the Czar puts Siberian provinces in state of
siege. Minister Wu proposes to deliver Conger and suite
at Tientsin.
July 23 — Sir Halliday Macartney, secretary of the Chinese lega
tion at London, declares Ministers are all safe, except
Von Ketteler.
July 24— Message from Conger, dated July 4, "Besieged for two
weeks and praying for help."
July 2o — Letters received from Italian and French Ministers.
July 2S— Allied forces gathered at Tientsin prepare to start for
Peking with 50,000 men and 170 guns. ,
July 31— Advance column of the allied forces^ 16,000 strong, start
from Tientsin for Peking by the Peiho road; 40,000 more to
follow.
August 1— Japanese advance engaged at Ho Si Ku, three miles
from Tientsin; thirty casualties.
August 2 — The notorious anti-foreign Viceroy LI Ping Hong in
command at Peking.
August 5— Peitsang, nine miles from Tientsin, captured after
seven hours' hard fighting.
August 6 — Yangtsun, seventeen miles from Tientsin, captured
after three hours' fighting; heavy casualties, including
sixty Americans.
August 7— Battle at Ma Tau, twelve miles beyond Yangtsun.
August 8— Tsitsun, twenty-three miles from Yangtsun, occu
pied by the allies. Here General Chaffee receives message
from Conger. Li Hung Chang appointed commissioner
plenipotentiary to negotiate for peace.
August 9— Ho Si Wu, forty-seven miles from Peking, captured
by the allies.
August 10— Changkiwan occupied; Chinese retreat to Tungchau.
August 12— Tungchau, fourteen miles east of Peking, captured.
August 13— Last stage of advance begun by road and canal
from Tungchau to Peking. ¦ ¦
August 15, a. m. — Advancing column exchange signals with
American marines holding the city wall near the eastern
gate and overlooking the legations.
P. M.— Allied forces enter Peking, Japanese in advance, and
overcoming obstinate resistance, surround the legations.
This canal separates the French and British concessions at-Shanghai and is lined on both sides, with- junk shops, ?
second-hand stores, drinking places, teahouses, etc., mostly kept by Chinese, or foreigners associated with Chinese. i>
The locality is the resort of the worst characters to be found anywhere in China, and at any moment may be the T
scene of an outbreak that will Involve a battle between the natives and foreigners. . ;
A PROBABLE CENTER OF TROUBLE— THE YANGEING PANG, SHANGHAI.
HONGKONG MARU BRINGS
MISSIONARY REFUGEES
MOUNT VERNON, N. Y., Aug. 17.—
When Mayor Edwin Fiske mar
ried Alfred T. Reagan and Miss
Angelina Ralston, both of San
Francisco, in the blue room of the
City Hall last night little did he think he
was writing the closing chapter of a ro
mance which began on the Pacific Coast
and ended in New York. It was the end
ing of a romance which started a few
years ago at San Francisco, when both
were at college, and which terminated by
the groom traveling across the continent
for his bride. -
Miss Ralston Is the daughter of Henry
Ralston, director o& the Ralston Iron
Works. She has just passed her twenty
first birthday and is a striking brunette.
She is said to have considerable, wealth
in her own name. \ Reagan, who graduated
from Notre Dame University, Indiana. Is
two years the bride's senior. He studied
law, but is now carrying on a real estate
business in San Francisco. His relatives
are wealthy and he has considerable real
estate in his own right. I
Three years ago Reagan met Miss
Ralston at a friend's home and the young
couple fell madly in love with each other
and were soon engaged. Miss Ralston's
parents, were supposed to be opposed to
the match, and they are said to have tried
every means to break it up. Failing in
their attempts, the parents planned a trip
to Europe. Miss, Ralston and her father
spent six months in touring the Old
World, but constant correspondence was
kept up between the lovers. Reagan fol-
Mrs. Ralston, mother of tho newly made
bride, when seen at her home, 1911 Pierce
street. Ia3t night said:
"Of course, I am sorry the match should
have come about In such a way. I do not
see why they could not get quietly mar
ried at home. Mr. Reagan Is a very
charming young man and I am sure will
make my daughter happy. It- all comes
as a complete surprise to me. although my
daughter used to be much with Mr Rea
gan in this city. Mr, Ralston took'Angie
abroad for a pleasure trip, and I know
they met Mr. Reagan and his father in
New York and that tho . party visited
Paris together. I suppose the acquaint
ance formed Jn San Francisco ripened
into love on the Atlantic."
When the X>eutschland arrived Reasjan
was on the wharf to meet Miss Ralston.
That afternoon Reagan came to Mount
Vernon to visit William A. Walsh who is
assistant corporation counsel and a friend
of Mayor Fiske's. The Mayor, after con
siderable persuasion, consented to per
form the ceremony. The couple arrived
in Mount Vernon last night and went di
rect to the City Hall. The party then ad
journed to. the Mayor's blue room. As
sistant Corporation Counsel William A
Walsh and Assistant Corporation Counsel
UiUiam L. Conlan were the witnesses 1
After the knot was tied the bridal couple
boarded the train for New York
lowed the Ralstora to Parts. Tie learned
that they were to sail on the Deutschlantl
and were due in New York on Tuesday.
He immediately took an earlier steamer
from Paris and landed in New fork City
three daya ahead of the Ralstons.
CHRONOLOGICAL STORY OF
THE RELIEF OF PEKING
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Miss Angelina Ralston and Alfred
Reagan of San Francisco Are
Married at Mount Vernon.
LOVE TRIUMPHS OVER
PARENTAL OPPOSITION
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
YOKOHAMA. Aug. i.—ln connection with the stranding of the United States
battlrship Oregon on :)ie Chinese coast recently comes an authentic story
•that Is 'characteristically American. As the story goes, the Chinese cruiser
Jlaichi. commanded by Captain S.ih. a thoroughly westernized officer, on
her way from Taku to ChoTu. flfejcfigd the Oregon in her perilous plight
mrt offor^d her valuable assistance, which was most gratefully received by Cap
ain Wil.le. The iiaichi anchored close by to be of further use if needed.
The next day a Rus-ian cruiser came alonp. Ker commander coming aboard
he Oregon eyed the Chinese vf>r>i-el v»1th suspicion and a«ked what she was
loins tlnro. On being told h<? shook his head and Said it would nevertheless be
-.Is duty to take possession of her. Captain Wilde nouderl and answered: "Well,
'm :i bit embarrassed just nov.-, but there is ammunition aboard and my guns
ire in excellent condition."
Tbe next day, afrer the departure of the Russian, Captain Wilde visited the
Icirhi and eupcest^d to Captain Sah thr.t a? he was protecting some American
-efuseies on board it tnlsrht be well for him to run up the American flag to the
'nr-e This was done and no Questions were asked by nassinff cruisers afterward.
CHINESE CRUISER USES
THE AMERICAN FLAG
Flies Stars and Stripes for Protection
on -the Advice of the Captain of
the Oregon,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AXJGUST 18, 1900.
i TOKIO, Aug. 17.— Extracts from a long
j dispatch describing the advance of tho
allied forces from .Tientsin say General
Ma disappeared ; during the-. fighting , at
Yar.gtsun; , that ." the /immediate -advance
on "Peking was decided upon at a council
j JAPANESE TROOPS
LED IN THE ADVANCE
2
DR. P. C. LESLIE, WOUNDED BY CHINESE ROBBERS.
Xo goorta exchanged during this 3a!e. For-
eign and faraway business carefully hnndle-i.
Freo delivery across the bay. Kverything i3
cash. No gijods charged.
CF&SM STORE
Our friends will he glad to know that tiflfc*
old reliable house Is now running full liusc
under the management of the SMITHS.
Our long list of articles mailed free of post-
age will interest you and save you money.
The 20-page price list, the "Home Circle." sent
free as heretofore. Address as above at
25-27 Market St., San Francisco,
p. c.
REBT'Y/i/VTS — We are continually making
these, and when w? have them and wniio \v-
have them we are glail to sell at a traction of
their real value.
A thousand harKair.3 fcr a million buyers.
Come and get them.
Dress lenartfcs worth $1 2", at S1.40* drcsa
lengths worth J2 cA at £1.4.'; aress lengths
worth S3 SO a* JjtI.5O; rfres* lengths worth
fa 75 at «1 .?;.": those worth $» 5<\ at *2.-iS : '
worth $^ M at «1.S»O: if worth $5 r.O. at *U.«K".:
snmc worth $S fi> to $: Ofl. at .? :t.OO. *;:.."»a an 1
IS.'S.T.';. AH our black goods at cut grtcttt in-
tlutlins & very fine variety o£ serviceable
DRESS PATTERNS-COTTON.
Dark calico. 10-yard lengths 4<>
Navy caliro. best, l'l-yartl lengths .T»'.>
Heavy wide calico. 19-yarc! lengUis .ti •
Sii-ini'h ilsht ground p*reaU% S yar<1s
;;-i^ch 2-bit Scotch Madras, 10 yards *KS
1?c silkaline. to-day O7 ! 3
l.'c heavy cretonne, to-day..............'... .OT'-s
15c black brocade sateen O7'j
We have, decided to slaushtpr our fine dress
goods, mostly late importations, some from last
year's stock. One thousand patterns on sale.
DRESS PATTERNS-WOOL
SECOND FLOOR BARGAINS.
AH 13c bound books, 18 mo .112 U
All S5c gilt tops, 12 mo 1S»
Boys' 50c drums — .115
Albums, the $2 50 ones elsewhere.. 9t.«M>
Silk rlbbcn. best, alt widths «K>
Ladies' and girls' T5c trimmed hats UJ">
ROc. child's blackboards........ Xi
All toys and games at cut prices.
Children* combination suits, high grade. .37 V4
•Ladies' combination suits, high grade... .3TH
Girls' large size 65c underwear.. .22.1
Black yarn, $1 quality, per lb............. .r>O
Saxony yarn, all colors, hank... O5
Muslin; underwear.- to close...:.".:.:....... ' J£7i
Sunday shoes, little girls", to size 11 .?»T»
Sunday shoes, to girls', sine 2 ' .75
Sunday shoes, ladies* or girls', spring. ...fl.Oi
SHOPWORN BARGAINS.
1 handsome roll top desk J?t**.no
Z $15 tailors' long cutting tables S'J.OO
4 high-grade family sowing machines. .St5.tM>
1 $75 heavy White manf. machine ¦fi'Z'.i >!»
1 $35 standing glass for dressmaking. ...$2t).<M>
THIRD FLOOR BARGAINS.
TOO Wilson shirts, best in use .Xi
60 pairs California Jj wool blankets SK.«K>
CO pp.irs heavy. $S California blankets *:?.^;»
400 canvas telescopes, with straps ..,UT» up
40 hammocks, others get %2. ......:. $l;io
Horse blankets, shaped, leather trimmed. Sl^io
Tennis night shirts, men's $1 kind .:» •
Tennis nisht shirts. $125 kind ,7T*
Elegant $2 50 sllkoline comforters. Sl.7.1
Coat hangers, old style, 5 for... 03
Wallpaper at half usual price.
Children's clothing. *l a suit up.
Overcoats at half what others charse.
FIRST FLOOR BARGAINS. ;
Stone Jugs or jars, best 1O up
Holt's compound; .2-bit size O,"»
25c brown shoe dressing IS
Apple parers and corers ;j(>
Horse brushes, $1 leather backs 5O
Shoemakers' hammers, medium quality.. .03
Carpenters* hatchets, repular size to
Overstock of tacks. 4 to 10 oz OUiJ
Bluing In bottles for family use <Kl
Ammonia, regular 10c size. AW
Starch in bulk, any quantity O3
Anderson Soups, beinp demonstrated ,H>
Dishwashers, patent $5 kind Sl.ui*
Xalls, all sizes .OU>i
Eequired to plant us on a solid rock where no opposition can annoy or
destroy. It would be easy for some people to obtain this amount on a
loan, but 'tis easier for us to get it from the sale of goods at half their
real value. This can be done in a few days if the public notices the cut
£rived at the house we advised her not to
open the inner inclosure. We carried the
document fo the office of the Chief of
Police and requested him to open it, as
we suspected some trick. In the presence
of Captain of Detectives John Soymour
and Assistant District Attorney Greany
Chief Sullivan op'ened the document and
read it. He and Mr. Greany then placed
their initials on every page of the docu
ment and both envelopes for purpose*
of identification and delivered the papers
back to us.
"This document purports tc be the last
will of the deceased. It leaves the bulk
of the estate to her daughter, Mrs. Mur
ray, and it is evident to me that the pur
pose for which this instrument was pre
pared was to tempt Mrs. Murray to at
tempt to probate it. In that' event the
conspirators would have followed this ad
vantage by coming forward with another
will, more neatly and cleverly forged, and
make an attempt to prove the same to be
the last testament of the deceased. That
this Instrument is a forgery is plain. It
was gotten up by an unlearned woman
unassisted by legal advice, and in addi
tion to being a crimilal scheme to injure
the interest of our client. It involves the
Integrity of the bar of this city.
Boland's Plea Was Brief.
"A short time ago Miss Rattigan re
ceived a letter from Mrs. Bessie Tracey
Smith, addressed to 1416 Clay street, the
same ttrons address to which this forged
will was sent. I do not at this time ac
cuse Mrs. Smith of having committed this
crime, but 1 believe the circumstances are
such as to warrant her examination in
open court. I tried to subper.a her, but
when my clerk reached her door, after
beins informed downstairs that she was
at home, he was Informed that she had
gone into the country for a few weeks.
Mr. Sullivan concluded his statement,
and as soon as the buzz of the whis
pered conversation of the surprised gath
ering had ceased Attorney M. C. Hassett,
on behalf of the Public Administrator,
moved for a continuance. He said he
wanted to secure the testimony of per
sons in Massachusetts, by which he ex
pected to prove that Mrs. Murray is not
a legal resident of this State and had no
intention of becoming such. Judge Dunne
overruled all motions and ordered the
hearing to continue. Sullivan & Sullivan,
; on behalf of Mrs. Murray, filed a contest
to the Public Administrator's petition for
letters cf administration, in which they
set fcrth that Mrs. Murray alone was
entitled to letters, being the daughter and
sole heir of the deceased. Hassett the»i
augmented the record by filing a contest
STRA1NGE WILL THRUST BY UNKNOWN
HANDS INTO THE TOWNSEND CASE
TKE la*t «.n<l only Will rr.a<ie by Almira S. Townsend, resident of San Francisco. State of California, residence twelve hundred ,
and twenty-one California str>»et, in the Sixty-ninth year of age, vrrltten on July nineteenth, 19th day of month, one Thousand nine,
hundred year, 1930. in my sound mind and void of undue Influence, I solemnly make the following bequests and requests:
Firstly— I emphatically aver that I am the sole owner of my estate and belonging* and that I alone have the right to dispose ,
of euse for benefits and gifts as I deem best; It has ever been my aim to eive aid to the sick and wounded, the poor and the .
helpless feeling that my time Is drawlnr near that I must pass over the river, I will endeavor to leave to charity, and charatable ¦
deposed persons, a glit to aid them in the'.r good work *"I request that the Judgre of the Probate Court, who shall have the settlement '
of roy case and estate will settle my affairs speedily that my beloved dauther Mrs. Ella F. Murray will not be put to any trouble or
anxiety "If I ebould file while she is away from me. My Faithful Friend and companion Miss Nellie Ratlgan, Fourteen hundred and '
Sixteen Clay »t- (1416) San Francisco, shall communicate with my daughter, Mrs. Ella F. Murray and my said daughter will find my keys '
and papers "and belongings excepting this my will, which I will leave In charge of an old trusted friend to be given to my friend '
i: c 5S Nellie Ratigan. by her given to my daughter, not later that thirty days after my death, giving my daughter time to reach the '
City cf San Francisco,- 6tate cf California. . .
I have never given the good people of San Francisco any trouble or cause to comment upon my actions of life. I love this dear ,
r-'/i hone end the California people. I crave their kindness and sympathy for my beloved daughter, whom I trust will take up my ,
work w!s»re I leave off in- this City. My reason for leaving my last bequests in the care of my old friend Is I have known the fate of
many citafs in long litigation due to the wrangle and disputes of wills and false heirs. I give all such posthumous wills and heirs
• ; m<» to introduce their postumous claims "and give the Court and my daughter an opportunity to know that the end that my will is
in accordance xvith my life, eccentric. ' ~,r ,v
I have no husband— no heirs, but my only beloved daughter, Mrs. Ella F. Murray, no other children — only those named In this
fVicumer.t has a claim on my estate and ray personal effect go to my daughter, excepting eome token of my personal effects— Miss Nellie
liatipan will desire for her won use?
I l.egu<-ath to the honorable Judge of the Trcbate Court, who shall have the settlement of my affairs (Five Thousand dollars ($5000
the San Franoipco FlrelVpartment relief funrt on* thousand dollars (J1C00) dollars)
To the 'Van Fratic:?e« r"\'."t and aid S<xlety or.« Thousand dcMar? ($1WO dollars)
To the City of San Francisco Alms House and Hospital one thousand dollars <$KC0 'dollars)
To til* IVoteMont Orphan Asylum ;Hnn FrancUco nn» Thousand dollars (S10CO dollars)
"*o the Oty and County Hoepit*! In San Francisco State of California, one Thousand dollars <$1000 dollars)
To the Hoepit&l cf tnctmSUa San Francirro <on» thousand dollar.*) flOQ? dollars.)
To Mary A "l*l!i"t:. Sanitarium for Rh?i:hiasm cures, one Thousand dollars) $1000 dollars) fourteen hundred twenty six Market
* To Mrs l!>r Nellie Rrighlle Santarlum Fprcckels building San Francisco one Thourand dollars (finoo dollars) • .
To li'Vs Nf'lli'e R.atlp.-'n Five Tfc-juynr.d c"cl!ars U1000 dollar?) Fourteen hundred and sixteen Clay street San Francisco.
To •n'" Hospital of the California Woman* Sacramento ar.d Lyon street San Francisco Two Thousand dollars: for separate depart
roent'fnr the «~sre and treatment of young womr-n fr*e patients <S20V»
If any man. woman, or child other than herein narr^d. content this my will or lays claim to any of my estate of effects, they
bha3 have raid to them fifty dollars each ($30 dollars) pro\idlng they shall not law. If they do. they will receive nothing. I now be
quc*tfe to my daughter. Mrs Ella F. Murray at present In the Palace Hotel San Fr.incisco. rhe to have, to hold and to keep and
M do as the w'Fhefc with the residue of my estate, of every description. Including twelve hundred and twenty one California St. San
Francisco <r.U- PtaXe of California — My personal effects of all nature, excepting one token, to Miss Nellie Ratigan.
I derive tay daughter to act as my Executrix, without bonds. Judge of Probate Court to act as Executor without bonds, in the set
tlement and retribution of benefits, after public brreflt, herein described are first settled, my daughter is to have exclusive control over
an tl.p balanr^, as her ln<lH-l<1ual belongingp~lf in the event of my daughters death, occurring before mine, my estate by this will,
failirg to her. will bp diFtributed to the Charitable lnstUutlons In San Francisco. The her In mentioned Institutions, and to the Golden
<iatt Tark fund— and the |'andl«; Improvement Fund all In equal shares, to be distributed by the Probate Judge, then In power this will
to be given to him by MU» Nellie Ratlcran (in the event of my daughter death before mine.)
Witness my hand this nineteenth day of the month of July, Nineteen hundred year. City of San Francisco, State of California;
Amen " Signed ALMIRA S. TOWNSEND.
Witnewe. with my consent: MRS. M. BELU /
y -.:¦ I Almira 6. Townsend desire that Mrs Ella F. Murray have this ducument copied before two witnesses and recorded and the Orig
inal given to Juice of Probate Court, and the recorded copy to be placed by her In a place of safety, known to herself, the original
to be published fa the daily papers, and paid for from the portion of eetat« left to her. ,
I desire my remalni to lay la San Francisco, aubject to the selection of my daughter. ALMIRA S. TOWNSEND.
cjpp WILL. rt2« at last appeared in the
II \\ Townsend case, but It has been
Jl A thrust into the litigation without
sponsor arid has been indignantly
repud'.ated as a forgery by the
only person who would profit by its pro
visions — Mrs. Ella K. Murray, the daugh
d tor <yf Mrs. Almira S. Townsend. The
¦• document was introduced in court yet>
tcrday by the attorneys of Mrs. Murray.
It was by them denounced as a fraud and
The court was asked to order Mrs. Bessie
Xraeey Smith to appear before him ..n.i
t< M what fh\? knows. The attorneys in
riFt that Mrs. Smith** handwriting and
ti:at of the alleged will are remarkably
a!:ke and Mrs. Sir.ith will probably be able
to tf-ll the court fomothing Interesting.
The police, at the request of the at
torneys for j!rf. Murray, have been in
vf-stipating- the affair for several days and
the GranJ Jury was asked yesterday io
begin an Inquiry to discover the perpe
trator of the fraud. Miss Xellie Rattijran.
who was Mrs. Tonnwnd's companion for
ec-vtral years, claims to have received th«?
allesred testament inclosed in an envelope
addressed to her last Tuesday. She
opcne-3 the outer envelope and discovering
that the Inner envelope purported to rn
clo?e the will of Mrs. Townsend she com
municated at once with Sullivan & Sul
li'-an. the attorneys for Mrs. Murray.
They, in company with Miss Rattigan
end Mrs. Murray, went to the office cf
the Chief of Police, where, in consulta
tion with Chief of Detectives John Sey-
Jrour, the inner envelope xras opened and
the alleged will was r<-ad. It Is a peculiar
document, evidently written by an illit
erate person who had some knowledge of
lepal terms. It 13 extremely long and is
dsted July 19. l»0. two days before Mrs.
Tov.nsend died. On many an occasion
Mrs. Townsend had told her confidential
advisers that she never would make a
¦will, as she believed that if she did s>o
ehe would die the next day. Two days
Lftcr the mysterious document was dated
Townsend was dead.
The Will Denounced as a Forgery.
This document, which comes fatherless
or.d friendless into the ctpe, bequeaths all
but a few thousand dollars of the estate
of Mrs. Townsc-nd to her daughter, Mrs.
EHa F. Murray. The signature of a Mr?.
M. Bell i^ attached to the alleged testa
ment as a witness. Mrs. Keli is i:s mys
terious as the will. The police have been
eenrchirig for her Klnc<* Tuesday, and &1
thevgh they have interrogated every Mrs.
Bell in the city they have found no one
vho 5ign*<3 th» document. N'one of the
friestii of Mrs. Townsend ever heard or
knew of a Mrs. Bell of her acquaintance,
and Mips Rattirran says that she certain
ly would know if there had been one.
Eulllvan A Sullivan do not hesitate to
charge that the will is a clumsy forgery
introduced into the affair by persons op-
I oppc to Mrs. Murray. Th» attorneys nl
ieged in court yesterday that the super
scription on the letter addressed to Miss
Kfctttgan and containing the will .is re
markably like that on a letter sent by
Mrs. Bessie Tracey Smith to the same
young lady. Mrs. Smith is the woman
who declared her belief that Mrs. Town-
Bend had made a will and had placed it
in a secret receptacle, which Mrs. Smith
thought she could find. She was not pei
muteci. however, to make a search. Sulli
van & Sullivan objecting on the ground
that h. bogus will might be dropped in the
house.
Sullivan Charges a Crime.
Sim-f Mrs. Ella F\ Murray and her at-
Icrr.evs have repudiated the alleged' will
tho document can serve no purpose to tht»
other interested parties in the contro
versy. The testament bequeaths every
thing except a few thousand dollars to
Mrs. Murray, repudiates Mrs. Townsend's
c-x-husband and cuts off any other heirs
who might appear. The appearance of
the document will play, therefore, no ma
terial part in the case.
The introduction of the alleged forged
will created yesterday the surprise of the
day's proceedings. Judge Dunne, who,
during the absence of Judge Troutt. oc
cupied the bench in department 10, called
the matter of the estate of the late Al
mira S. Townsend for hearing, and At
torney G. Gunzendorfer, representing
Thomas T. Townsend, former husband of
the deceased, immediately moved for a
continuance. Attorney Matt Sullivan, of
the firm of Sullivan & Sullivan, represent
ing Mrs. Murray, rose to oppose the mo
tion and incidental! j- to shower divers sur
prises among counsel and audience.
"Townsend is trifling with this court,"
paid Mr. Sullivan. "If he !s entitled to
letters he should have applied for the
same long ago. This man has been twice
divorced and thrice remarried since Mrs.
Townsend secured her decree. I have
every reason to believe that a conspiracy
exists to loot this estate. Last Tuesday
Miss Nellie Rattigan, the companion and
nearest friend of Mrs. Townsend, received
through the mails a letter addresstd to
her at her home. It contained a sealed
envelope with an inscription in tremDling
hand declaring its contents to be the last
will and testament of the deceased.
"Upon tho receipt of this document
Miss Rattigan immediately sent for
my brother and myself. When we ar-
to Mrs. Murray's application for letters
of administration, in which It was alleged
that she was a non-resident and as such
was ncit entitled to administer decedent's
estate.
Mrs. Murray's petition for letters was
then cailcd, but Hassett Insisted that the
application filed by the Public Adminis
trator should be heard first. He failed to
conceal his surprise when Matt Sullivan
consented to this arrangement. Hassett
soon recovered and again demanded a
continuance. Again it was denied, and
being forced to present his case, called
Public Administrator Boland to the stand.
Mr. Boland gave evidence as to his offlt !
cial character. Hassett then introduced^
his application for letters in evidence,
mounted the stand, testified that dece
dent's estate was worth at least $307,000,
and announced that his case was closed.
"If that is all your evidence," said Matt
Sullivan. "1 fool it my duty to inform you
that you have failed to prove three es
sential facts: the death of Mrs. Town
send, her residence and that she died in
testate. These facts merely prove juris
diction, and to save you trouble we will
admit them."
Mrs. Townsend Said She Would Make
No Will.
Hassett's case was submitted and Mrs.
Murray's -application was ordered heard.
John T. Harms, of the firm of Madison &
Burke, was her first witness.- He testi
fied that he had managed Mrs. Town
send's business, and that the income from
her realty was !7G0 a month. In 1SD4 Mrs.
Townsend introduced him to Mrs. Mur
ray. Later she informed him that Mrs.
Murray was her daughter, but asked him
to say nothing of the fact until occasion
offered. On one occasion when Mrs
Murray was ill, Mrs. Townsend told the
witness that she hoped her daughter
would not die. "If she does I have noth
ing to live for." she said. Last July Mr
Harms advised Mrs. Townsend to execute
a will. She said at that time thai she
would not make a will, but instructed
him that if death should come to her im
mediately to wire Mrs. Murray, if she
was away from the city. Mrs. Townsend's
superstition, he concluded, was, in his
opinion, responsible for the fact that she
died intestate.
Miss Rattigan followed Mr. Harms to
tho. stand. She said that for six years
she had been Mrs. Townsend's constant
companion. She had lived with the de
ceased all of that time, she said, and so
far as she knew Mrs. Townsend never
made a will.
Cyrus W. Carmany, cashier of the Sav
ings and l^ian Society, proved an inter
esting witness. He was eonlident that
Mrs. Townsend ntver made a will, "it 1
make a will," she told him, "1 am afraid
that I will die the next day." "And she
never made a will for this reason I fully
believe," said Mr. Carmany. Continuing
Mr. Carmany testified that another reason
that might have prompted Mrs. Townsend
to defer making a will was the fact that
she never knew how much she was worth
until aftei the witness prepared a state
ment of her assets and told her the
amount of her annual income. This the
witness did shortly before Mrs. Town
send's death.
"Mrs. Townsend was astounded when I
told her the exact value of her holdlnga
and income," said' the witness. "I am
positive that she told me all of her busi
ness, and by this I was enabled to make
a positive estimate. Her personal prop
erty at the time I made the statement*
was worth $275,000 and the realty $307 WO
Si?ice that time the value of the estate
has Increased from $12,000 to 515,000 a year
and her income was $2000 a month, an
amount' much . in excess of her expendi
tures. ¦ >
"I knew Mrs. Townsend since 1S65. She
followed my advice at all times as to in
vestments ar.d business matters. Her pri
vate efTects, such^as deeds, abstracts,
bonds and other securities, . have been in
the bank for about eighteen years, and
di'ring that time sho has always counseled
with -me. so I am : confident she d*d not
moke a will.
Mrs. Murray the Object of Her
Mother's Bounty.
"We had several conversations regarding
a will. These conversations began two
years ago, 'and the last we held a short
Unit* before her death— I < believe the last
being about three months ago. I met
Mrs.. Murray on several occasions, Mrs.
1'ov/r.send introducing me to her, and t
always believed thtfm to be 'sisters. I as
sumed this from various conversations re-
Raiding money which I was to send East
to Mrs. Murray, and also because she re
ferred to her grandchild as her niece,"
At this point the witness wag handed
over to Mr. Hnssett for cross-examination.
He started out to Investigate the relations
that ' once existed between the " deceased
and the late J. C.'Wilmerding, but as the
court failed '; to see tho relevancy of . this
line of questioning Hassett pursued an
other line of -examination. In answer to
his Interrogatories Mr. ¦ Carmany Fald:
"1 : sent considerable money to Mrs. . Mur
ray when she was in the East,' and finally,
better to enable her to draw money on
THE BATTLE FOR MRS. ALMIRA S. TOWNSEND'S ESTATE HAS BEGUN.
ATTORNEYES OF MRS. ELLA F. MURRAY PRODUCE IN COURT
A DOCUMENT CLAIMED TO BE A FORGED WILL OF MRS. TOWNSEND
r? NEVER wrote that will, nor did I know anything about It. I shall go to
Judge Dunne to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock and tell him I am ready
j| and anxious to answer any and all questions he may wish to put to me."
Those are the words with which Mrs. Bessie Smith last evening met
the question in regard to the alleged forged will of Mrs. Almira S. Towns
end, with which Judge Sullivan startled Judge Dunne's court yesterday.
Knowledge cf what had passed in the courtroom was brought to Mrs. Smith's
attention by means of the evening papers. So great was the lady's astonish
ment at the implied charge of the attorney that the enormity of the offense
she had been practically charged with did* not dawn upon her until she began
calmly to <liscu#-s the matter with the Interviewer.
"Practically." said Mrs. Smith, "Judge Sullivan declares that I am guilty
of forgery. Such a thins Is not only utterly false, but preposterous and
ridiculous as well. Why should I do such a thing? What interest should^I
have In doing- such a thins? And what puzzles me most is. What is their
object in wishing to fasten such a thing on me?"
"I wrote to* Miss Rattlgan." continued Mrs. Smith, "to ask her to return
to me pictures of myself and son that had belonged to Mrs. Townsend and
¦were in the California-street home. Before I wrote to Miss Rattigan I called
her home up by telephone and inquired for her. Whoever it was that came
to the Rattlgan Iphone In answer to my call was extremely guarded in her
answers to my questions. She told me Miss Nellie Rattigan was not at home,
that she did not know where Miss RatUgan was and that she was not sure
when Miss Rattlgan would be home. Finally I asked if a letter addressed
to her at the Rattlgan home would reach her. What the answer to that ques
tion was I really do not remember. However. I wrote the letter and got
the address out of one of the two telephone books in my mother's room. I
do not remember where I posted that letter. I am under the Impression that
I brought it to the postbox at the corner near the Bella Vista, although I
may have dropped It In the box in the Bella Vista hall. Miss Rattlgan
' never answered that letter. Neither did she return to me my photograph.
\ "At the same time that I wrote to .Miss Rattlgan," continued Mrs. Smith.
[ "I wrote to the Wllmerdings in New York. I told them that Mrs. Townsend
, was dead'and there were many photographs in the house— Wilmerdlng photo
i graphs — that they might wish to keep and which were of no value to any
¦ one but to them. My interest in the "Wllmerdlngs la that of a relative."
' explained Mrs. Smith. "My father was first cousin to J. C. Wilmerdlng.* My
grandmother was a Wilmerdlng." »,
Mrs. Smith admits that she did know a subpena had been issued for her.
' "The boy who was to serve It." oald the lady, "called at the Bella Vista
\ while I was out. Mother, however, was in. and he showed the paper to her,
, explaining at the same time its purpose. When I heard of it I thought they
. wished to get me In court to testify as to that secret panel. I was tired of
• the notoriety the thing had brought upon me and as I had never been
' served I did not go."
' Mrs. Smith, however, Is going to court thl3 morning. She will go alone.
I without even an attorney to assist and. If need be, protect her. "But why
should I have an attorney?" Mrs. Smith asked. "I have only got the truth
¦ to tell, and. I don't need an attorney for that."
SULLIVAN' & SULLIVAN.
Pl<»aae notify us at your earliest convenience
when you are ready to consider this charge
and oblige, yours very respectfully.
W#. are willing to submit at any time to your
honorable body all proofs in our possession
showing the commission of the crime and
showing or tending to show the parties guilty
thereof.
This envelope, which was sealed, contained a
document which on Its face purports to be an
olographie will of Almira S. Townsend. de
ceased. Said document is forced and spu
rious, and it is our belief that the same was
concocted by certain parties inimical to Mrs.
Ella F. Murray, the only child and sole heir
of said Almira S. Townsend, deceased.
A felony has been committed by some person
or person* and the- offender or offenders should
be promptly prosecuted and punished for the
crime.
Inside of said envelope was another one con
taining the following superscription: "Will
and last document to be given to Mrs. Ella
F. Murray through kindness of Miss Nellie
Ratlean and Mrs. M. Bell, by request of Al
mira Townsend."
The postal mark on tha back of the envelope
denoted that said envelope was deposited In
Postofflce Station A. on the 14th inst. On the
back of said envelope was the following:
"San Francisco, Cal. Sta. A, Aug. 14, 6::o
a. m.. 1900."
"Miss Nellie Rattlsan. 1418 Clay street. Sail
Francisco, Cal."
City and County of San Francisco: On the
14th Inst. a mail carrier in the employ of the
1'niteri States Postal Department delivered at
the residence of Misa Nellie Rattigan. No.
1442 Clay street, this city, an envelope aa.l
contents with postage thereon prepaid.
The outer envelope contains the follow ins
superscription:
The body of Colonel Victor D. Duboce
now lies in state in the armory of the
First Infantry. >•'• G. C, attended by a
guard of honor, and it will so remain un
til to-morrow morning. Prior to the re
moval yesterday from the family home on
Baker street Rev. George C Adams, pas
tor of the First Congregational Church,
conducted brief services, consisting of the
reading of Scripture selections and prayer.
Only relatives and a few intimate friends
were present. Up to 10 o'clock this evening
the remains may be viewed bv the public.
The casket will not be opened at the Me
chanics* Pavilion, to which place it will
be taken Sunday morning with military
and Masonic escort at 10 o'clock. *
The services In the Mechanics' Pavilion
will begin at 11 o'clock. They will be con
ducted by California Lodge No. 1. F. and
A. M. , of ¦which Colonel Duboce wast a
member. General W. H. L. Barnes has
been requested to pronounce the eulogy.
Armory.
Prayers "Were Offered at the Family
Home Before Removal to the
SOLDIERS GUARD BODY
OF COLONEL DUBOCE
Her Daughter R@=
1 v pijidiafes tihe I 1a
strameirat as a
Clmimsy Fraiad.
The Alleged Testament Pmrports t© ftiave
¦¦... Beep"."Wrfttee Two Days Before the
Aged Woman's Death,
DECLARES SHE NEVER
WROTE THE DOCUMENT
necessary occasions without awaiting its
arrival by mail I forwarded her. at Mrs.
Townsend's' instruction, several bank
books evidencing the deposit in the bank
of about $7500. These booki;. I believe,
¦were used by Mrs. Murray. I was never
in my life led to understand by Mrs.
urowhsend that Mrs. Murray was her
daughter, though I was always informed
when she was in the city. Mrs. Town
send told me of the arrival of her daugh
ter on the last occasion and told me that
she was rooming at the Sutherland. She
did not tell me that she found Mrs. Mur
ray in her California-street home on her
return from a visit downtown."
Mr. Hassett then made an effort to
prove a strange condition of affairs in
the fact that Mrs. Murray had the keys
to Mrs. Townsend's safe deposit vaults,
but the admission of Mr. Sullivan that
she always had the keys since her
mother's death, as she had.a right to the
same, deprived Mr. Hassett of an oppor
tunity to prove the fact.
Samuel M. Shortridge and Colonel
George II. Pippy, who represent the ab
sent heirs', made a few inquiries about
the value of the estate arid Mr. Carmany
retired. Neither Van R. Paterson nor
Hugo Asher, who represent the" Coburns.
collateral heirs of the deceased, sought
additional information. Mrs. Murray was
then called to testify in support of her
petition for letters.
Mrs. Murray Weeps on the Stand,
f. Her testimony was dramatic in the ex
treme. At times she was in tears, hardly
able to control her convulsive emotion as
she told of the death of her daughter and
of the sadness which had come into her
life only a few months before the tragic
end of her mother's life. Again she was
snappingly defiant as she insisted that she
had come to this city to reside perma
nently, to be as best she could a comfort
to her jiother in her last years. She ana
her mother were alone in the world, she
said, and she determined to come here.
The question of residence was the vital
point and upon that Mrs. Murray never
wavered. There were no tears, no hesita
tion, no doubts; she was aggressively em
phatic, needlessly so it seemed, as she
declared that on July 9 last she had ar
rived in this city here to remain for tho
remainder of her life. On the witness
stand she was theatrically deliberate and
when her direct examination was con
cluded she arose and in her own behalf
addressed the court, asking it to hasten
the determination of the matter as she
was ilKand under a great nervous strain.
Mrs. Murray declared that she was born
in Lov. ell, Mass.. on October 4, 1849. the
daughter and only child of Thomas T.
Townsend and Almira S. Townsend. fene
outlined the various phases of her edu
cation and said she was married in Dor
chester, in 1S71, to John S. Murray. In the
following year her daughter Mabel was
born and lived Until April of this year.
As she told of the; girl's death she hes
itated, burst into tears and was unable
to speak except sobblngly. Then followed
a long examination to determine when she
had been here and under what conditions.
She came here in 1S92 and in 1S94, and on
both occasions, she claimed, she was
favorably received by her mother, obtain
ing from the elder woman gifts of money,
clothinsr and various entertainment.
Mother and Daughter United in
Sorrow.
Under no circumstances was she per
mitted to address her mother as such.
Mrs. Townsend would never permit it to
be known that she was the mother of
Mrs. Murray, even when the latter was
only 10 years of age. In all their relation
ships therefore this tie was never ac
knowledged. Through all her life, Mrs.
Murray swore, she had written to Mrs.
Townsend addressing her as "Dear
mother." Mrs. Townaend had in many
ways assisted her, and when her great
affliction came in the death of her daugh
ter the bond between the two women.
iRemnairkaibile Let
t teirs IptrodiacecV
to Prove a
Residence,,
Battle for the Estate
Has Commenced.
Body to Investigate.
Sullivan & Sullivan, the attorneys for
Mrs. Klla F. Murray, do not Intend to let
the production of the mysterious will rest
with their sensational course of action in
court yesterday. They insist that the al
leged will is a clumsy forgery, made by
conspirators to injure Mrs. Murray and
trifle with the court. They declare that
a felony has been committed, and they
call upon the Grand Jury to make a thor
ough investigation of the entire affair. The
following letter was sent yesterday by the
lawyers to the Grand Jury:
SAX FRANCISCO.' Auff. 17. 1300.
To the Honorable tho Grand Jury of the
Mrs. Murray's Attorneys Ask That
APPEAL TO GRAND JURY.
"I had lost my daughter," she said,
"and I was alone in the world. My
mother was alone and along in years, and
I determined to come to her to remain
with her or near her, as she determined,
and to comfort her as best I could for the
rest of my life. I was not shouting my
.purpose from the housetops; my private
business was not the concern of other
people."
Jn one of the letters Mrs. Murray re
ferred to her father as "an old rascal."
a characterization which did not seem to
please Mr. Townsend yesterday as he sat
in the courtroom.
In conclusion. Mrs. Murray recited the
events which followed her mother's
death. She had searched everywhere in
the house, but no will could be found.
Slie had made the search faithfully and
honorably, and she gave the court every
assurance that had she found a will she
certainly would have dellevcred it to the
court whether it had been for or against
her. She will be cross-examined Monday
morning at 10 o'clock.
Came Sere to Remain for Life.
To prove this fact and to demonstrate
that Mrs. Murray came to this city to
make it her home through a distinct un
derstanding with her mother a series of
letters and telegrams was Introduced.
These documents were of exceptional in
terest. Most of them were written in May
of this year, when Mrs. Murray wrote
that her child and last living close rela
tive was dead. She asked for sympathy
and assistance, and received both. Mrs.
Townsend wrote in her letters that she
was tired of San Francisco and everybody
in it. Her husband was annoying her;
there were countless demands upon her;
she was in ill health and she was deter
mined to leave the city as soon as she
could settle her affairs. Later she wrote
to Mrs. Murray saying that she would
leave to her whether she should come to
this city or Mrs. Townsend should go to
the East. Mrs. Murray chose, she said,
to come here. She placed her property
for sale in the East and arrived here on
July 0 to stay for the rest of her days.
which had never been very strong,
strengthened in a common sorrow.
City Attorney Lane sent an opinion to
the Fire Commissioners yesterday In
which he advises that under the charter
a physically disabled fireman may be re
tired from the department upon an annual
pension equal to one-half the amount of
salary attached to the rank which he may
have held three years prior p tho date
ot such retirement.
Pensions for Disabled Firemen.
NEW SANTA FE FERRY STEAMER
IS READY FOR LAUNCHING
Every railroad man In the city has been
invited, and there is no doubt that there
will be a large attendance at the func
tion. For the benefit of officials and em
ployes generally of the Santa Fe. Captain
William Leale of - the steamer Caroline
has tendered the use of his steamer,
which will start from the foot of Jack
son street at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Captain Leale proposes to give his jruesta
a spin around the bay before the launch
ing takes place.
The San Pablo will b? christened by
Miss Christine Payson. daughter of Cap
tain A. H. Payson. vice president of^ the
San Francisco and San Joa quirt Valley
Railway. The vessel is 223 feet long:. 64
feet beam, and has 2000 horsepower and a
speed of 15 knots. She will be the swell*
«st craft In her line on the bay.
- ¦ -ftin w TTT^r-iii firir' l*iy w lmw iBIMTMur "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1900.
THE Santa Fep«ople will celebrate
an important event; this afternoon."
The occasion will be the launching
of tho new ferry steamer San Pablo,
which has been constructed for service
between this city and Point Richmond.
Tho tldeservlng, the vessel will be dipped
Into the . briny at 6:34 o'clock at " the
Union Iron Works.
vTHE SAN PABLO, WHICH WILL RUN BETWEEN THIS CITY AND POINT
RICHMOND.
3Woodland. Fair and Races.
The Agricultural Association District
No. 40,"comprislng the county of Yolo, will
hold at Woodland a fair and race meeting
from August 27 to September l. Even'
preparation is on foot for a big meet and
success is now assureO
The entries In all events, especially the
harness races, are of fine quality and most
interesting sport will, be furnished the
several thousand spectators who are sure
to, attend. High-class racing .will be on
the card at Woodland.
Lincoln Club Final Shoot".
Trapshootfng Is pretty much a-boom at
present. At the Ingleside traps to-morrow
the Lincoln Club will hold Its final shoot
for tlTA In cash, divided Into fiVe classes.
There will also be a final twelve-man
team shoot for the. Neustadter trophy,
second team taking all money over the
price of bluerocks. The side pool wjll be
Si. individual scores to count for same.
Besides this, a 100-nird novelty medal and
prize shoot. In sections, will be on the
card, with side pools In each event. The
last special event will be the final shoot
for th»* continuous break medal. All eventu
ere open to all ;¦ ;;_-;,
muHnn ¦ v
Inside the Roped Square.
Local interest in the fighters and their
matches Is beginning to awaken. Tommy
Ryan and Jack Moffatt. who will meet in
fistic battle early in September, are on the
scene and will begin training in earnest
next week. Ryan will probably do his in
door work at the Olympic Club, and Mnf
fatt has already established himself in hU
old quarters.
The first fight of Importance is that be
tween Tim Murphy and Jim Trimble, who
will cross arms befnre the Columbia Club
on August 24 at Woodward's Pavilion
Murphy Is working hard at San itafael
with Charles Lawlor. hfs boxing partner
and Trimble, under Tlra McGrath's gul.l
ance, is grinding out muscle at the tave-X
on the beach. The preliminary fight win
be a twenty-round go bttween Toby Irwin
who Is at work with Al Neill at Sausa
lito. and Tommy Cox. who is doing arenic
stunts with Tommy Tracy at Cole'a Gar
dens. Atameda. • - |
Out for Deer and- Dove.
• The hunters of the pronged forest roam
er are having most delectable sport on
the ranges. Never was there better suc
ee'ss recorded 'in the adjacent counties by
the deer slayers. Even as close as SaD
Rafael the antlered bucks are found by
stalking hunters.
On the Country Club preserves the
sportsmen are fast reaching the limit al
lowed by the rules of the club. William
Kittle has already killed his fourth buck,
as also W. B. Tubbs. A large#party of
men will try to place themselves among
the "limited" number this week.
The Country Club members are In no
mild mood over the disturbance and dif
ficulty created by the expiration of the
lease of the Shafter estate, hitherto n
part of their domains.' They claim that
they simply removed buildings which be
longed to them by right and by law
Throughout the northern part of the
State— Mendocino, Humtooldt, Siskiyou
Items of Cycling News.
ThffcOlympic Club W T heelmen will hold a
ten-mile handicap road race to-morrow
over the Fruitvale-Haywards course. The
race will start from FruItva B .e at 10 a. m.
The following will be the contestants: V.
Grey, F. Soule, C. Remschell, F. Pampller!
E. J. Simmons. M. Davis, F. Nagle, J.
Bolger, W. Pedlar, J. Ephraim, C. Long,
F. Howe, E. J. McKlnney, Ed Adams
George E. Kroetz. R. Henderson, E. f'
Russ. H. Meyerhoff, W. Cohn, H. Ward*
The Olympic team will race the Renoites
at Reno September 17. the day after the
Baker & Hamilton road race.
The California Cycling Club held an en
joyable entertainment and dance last
Thursday night at Union-square Hall
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a run
over the new cycle path from Vallejo to
Napa to-morrow ' with the Eagle Cyclers
of Napa. They will leave here on the
7:30 a. m. broad-gauge boat and take the
train to Vallejo. The club's racing men
are preparing for a ten-mile event Sun
day. August 26. - -,-v •".--'
Winding the Clicking Reel.
Chief Deputy Fish Commissioner Bab
cock has returned from Floreston, where
he was engaged on official business in re
gard to the alleged pollution of the
Truckee. supposed to be due to the opera
tion of the paper-mill at that place. He
made an analysis of the water, and finds
that it is In no manner deleterious to
acouatie life.
Charles Vogelsang. Deputy Fish Com
missioner, has recently returned from
Orovllle. The obfect of his visit was to
superintend the blowing up of an old dam
on the Yuba a few miles above the town
This was accomplished, but in the execu
tion one of the dynamite cartridges was
accidentally exploded below the dam and
several hundred striped bass were killed
by the concussion. This was proof con
clusive that the fish reached as far up
the river as the obstructing dam.
Fishing has picked up a bit on the
Truckee, but the best of the summer fish
ing is over. Fair reports come from the
Eel and Upper McCloud, but the best
sport is to be enjoyed at present on Mon
terey Bay, where the salmon are running
In big schools and are nil heavy-weights
In a letter to a friend W. R. Welch writes
that in two hours he caught five salmon
near Capltola, the total weight being over
10) pounds.
Colonel W. H. Kellhor has returned
from Truckee and will soon be found an
gling on the Eel River.
George -. H. Morgan has returned from
the Upper Sacramento, where he had the
best of luck for several. days.
Last Sunday was .the closing day for
fishing on Lake San Andreas. Emll II111
man and Nick Strurlza made the record of
the day, both "catching big baskets.
Notes From the Kennel.
A feature of the Jubilee exposition at the
State Fair, to be held at Sacramento on
September 5, 6. 7 and 8, will; be the initial
bench show, which will be Judged by
James Cole of Kansas City There will be
special prizes and medals for all classes,
which includes bloodhounds, mastiffs. St.
Bernards (rough coated and smooth coat
ed) great Danes. Newfoundlands Russian
wol'fhounds. deerhounds. greyhounds Eng
lish foxhounds. American foxhounds,
Chesapeake Bay. pointers. English set
ters. Irish setters. Gordon \ fetters, field
trial class, Irish water .spaniels, field span
iels, cocker. spaniels.' not over•.¦twenty
eight pounds; cocker spaniels, black, not
over twenty-eight pounds; cocker span
iels, not over twenty-eight pounds, other
than black; Dalmatians, collies poodles,
bulldogs. bull terriers, Boston--ter
riers, fox terriers (smooth
fox terriers (white-haired), dachshunde,
Irish terriers, black and tan terriers. Skye
terriers. Scotch terriers; Bedlington ter
riers pugs Pomeranian or spitz, \orK
shire' terriers, Maltese terriers, toy ter
riers. Japanese spaniels, Italian grey
hounds, chow chows; Eskimo dogs and
miscellaneous, of which the breed-must; be
stated. The last class will be for trick
Pacific Mastiff Club. held Its fourth
annual meeting last. week. The election of
officers for "the ensuing year resulted In
the following gentlemen* being
President. , Dr. F. W. d'Kvelyn: chairman
of executive committee, C. A. Spreckels;
first vice president, James L. Flood;: sec
ond vice president. W. E. Meek; -secretary
and treasurer. J. P. Norman; veterinary,
ofllcer. Dr. F. W. Skalfe, D. V. S. The
board of directors was elected as follows:
C A. Spreckels,- James L. Flood, Dr. F.
W. d'Evelyn, W..E. Meek and J. P. Nor T
man. 1 . ;
The San Francisco and San Mateo Agrl
cultural Association has decided to cancel
the proposed' classes for, field trials and to
substitute In their' stead: a' fox> hunt,
wherein the hounds wilLtrall an aniseed
bag. The hunt . will • be i*pen to hound3
entered • in the regular I classes, and sub
stantial . money prizes .will be ¦ offered to
the winners. '¦'¦¦¦¦ . •
The time given or received bv any boat
from any other may be found by subtract
ing the time penalty of the smaller from
that of the larger— thus, the Aggie re
ceives 1 minutes 44 seconds from the Lur
line and gives 11 minutes 43 seconds to
the Ramona.- - • f '•• 3
White & Punnetfs sloop Siren has been
cruising during the past week. She left
Sausalito about 11 o'clock on Tuesdav
morning and reached Napa at 5 o'clock
that evening. She will be at Vallejo to
night and will race down to-morrow She
has on board J. D. Robertson. \V. Hum
phreys, H. Punnett and F. Wagner A
Chambers and J. M. Punnett will sail up
to Vallejo this afternoon on the cutter
Folly. On August 27 George Whito and
friends will start on an up-river cruise in
the Siren.
The California Yacht Club gave a clam
bake at Lone Tree Cove. Angel Island
last Sunday. It was attended by the
crews of the yachts Pactolus. which car
ried Commodore E. N. Walter's flag- the
Thelma. Secret and Pastime. On the re
turn trip the Pastime got into a nasty
sea off Goat Island and shipped a good
d*-al of water, becoming at last so un
handy that she was thrown on her beam's
end and capsized. Her owner, who was
sailing alone, managed to get hold of a
lifebuoy, and after an hour and a hairs
struggle, was rescued by L. I. Gale's sloon
Secret.
J. P. Redlngton has returned to San
Francisco after spending a week on board
Vice Commodore H. R. SImpklns' yawl
Tramontana at Santa Catalina. Wil
liam Page of this city and Charles Fer
rald of Santa Barbara have also been en
tertalntd by the vice commodore on thu
big yawl.
SWIMMERS AND
SCULLERS FOR
THE CARNIVAL
Score of Local Oarsmen
Picked to Row at
Astoria.
The oarsmen, scullers and swimmers
who will represent the" bay rowing clubs
at the annual carnival at Astoria have
been selected and will leave this city next
Tuesday morning by the steamer for
Portland.
The Ariel Rowing Club will send A.
Keegan, E. Smith, H. Foley, J. Nookes.
J. A. Geddes and E. C. Sternberg. The
Olympic Boat Club will be represented by
A. Bruman. F. J. Sherry, Lester Ham
mersmith and Dr. F. R. Axton. Sydney
Cavill and A. W. Pape, also of the Olym
pic Club, will go north; to perform their
swimming and life-saving act. The Dol
phin Boating eiub'wllli'Send George Bak
er, A. W. Pape,. E.Krasness and August
Pape. George Baker will pull in the se
nior skiff race and A; W. Pape in the
shell race. The Alameda .senior barge
crew, consisting of F. W. Ayers, D.
Greenleaf, George Lewis and Chester Av
ers, will go to the northern carnival
three of the crew pulling. In singles ns
well as In the four-oar. . The* Olympic
barge crew will row against the Ariel Ju
niors, and the Alameda seniors will pull
against the Dolphins. There will proba
bly be a contest between the winners of
the two first races.
Two cockswains will be taken up with
tho oarsmen. William C. Pomin. cham
pion high diver, and a member of the
old Lurline. Swimming Club, "will accom
pany the swimmers and oarsmen. A
match in the shell has been arranged be
tween A. W. Pape and one of the north
ern_scullers. M. J. Breen. in the junior
skill.- will bo the' only representative of
the South End Rowing Club.
The .local oarsmen, stimulated by • the
chance of .winning the. handsome prizes
offered by the Native • Sons' celebration
committee for the l September 9 regatta,
are training hard. The Dolphin junior
bargemen are i sleeping rat the boathouse
and taking regular; practice. T. R. Kee
nan of the same club Is working hard In
the shell. .The Pioneer, Rowing Club has
senior and Junior barge crews in prepara
tion, both of which are rowing. in 'good
style., C. L.Ochs Is desirous to enter the
shell race, but his boat, having been laid
un in the boathouse for a long time is
lAiky If he can get it into good order
™ JFJ 1 r shell championship. The
r n i y i*S u U i Ploneer bar se has been fit
ted with; a larger rudder and gives great
satisfaction. T. Lawson has taken the
Four? Mur P h >" at bow in the junio?
lhe Alameda Boat Club has two Junior
crews in training and will have a trial
race to-morrow on Oakland Creek The
faster crew will represent the" club In the
regatta on September 9. The "Pollard"
crew consists of Sydney and Roy Pollard
Julius Stamer and Bert Lyons, while the
"Nelson" four consists of Harry Nelson.
E. Edwards. IC. Webb and one other The
keel for the Alameda's new skiff has been
laid by Al Rogers, who proposes to build
a faster boat than any yet constructed
The proposed amalgamation of the Tri
ton and Olympic Boat clubs was consid
ered at the last meeting of the Tritons
and was favorably received. One diftl
culty, however, existed. To become a
member of the Olympic Boat Club it Is
necessary first to join the Olympic Club
paying an entrance fee and $5 a month
thereafter. If the dues of the amalga
mated boat club are set at $15 per an
num, that brings the yearly expense of
belonging to the Olympic Boat Club to
$75— rather a high price for a rowing man.
Shasta and contiguous counties— deer
hunting has been of the best.
During the past week the heavy fogs
put o blight upon the hunters of Marin
County, in consequence of which few of
tho followers of Nimrod were out on their
accustomed hunting grounds.
Doves are beginning to attract sports
men. In the Hakersfleld and Fresno coun
try they are flying very thick. Dr. Price,
Dr. Tallant. Jack Bennett. Ed Bozelle,
Jimes Depolly. Ed Fessler. E. C.
Andrews. L. V. Olcese, Charles Duncan
Ed Baker and Charles Whitney brought
in bae after bac of doves during the
Paso Robles Gun Club has issued
invitations for the first annual dove hunt
and "Btew," which will be held on Au
gust 24, 25 and 26.
Frisco may not have such an easy time
with Oakland this week as Sacramento
had last Saturday and Sunday. «The Oak
lands have been strengthened for the
series and on paper they look more for
midable than at any time since the be
ginning of the season. Lange has been
enticed back Into the Brummelian fold,
and will try to handle grounders in his
usual style In the neighborhood of third
bag. Lange quit the team a few weeks
ago because he could not stand the Josh
ing of the Oakland fans, but there has
been a loud call for his return to the
Pete Lohman has decided not to come
to the coast for a while, and Swindells has
been lured back from Montana. Swindells
Is not under the ban of the California
League. He was released by Hank Harris
at the close of last season. This year he
has been playing great bail In Montana and
leading the league at the bat. He is ex
pected here In time to appear In the game
to-day, but If he does not arrive Man
gerina will officiate behind the rubber.
Captain Hutchlnson's maimed wrist has
improved durl-- the week, and he expects
to boss the team as usual.
The line-up for to-day la -as follows:
Fan Francisco Positions Oakland
Sullivan Catcher Swindells
Fltzpatrick Pitcher Moslclman
or Itaursr or Borchers
Pabst i FIrst *>***••¦• Hutchlnson
Schwartz P>eond base Arrelianew
Kellly Third base Lansi?
Knig .'.... Shor: rtop Franck*
Levy Left field Bowman
Brorkhoff Center field Drenn.in
Hildebrand Ttipht field ..Held
REVOLVER EXPERTS WHO HAVE MADE RECORDS.
Within the last few weeks a movement has been on foot tending toward the arrangement of revolver matches be
tween shots of this city and representatives of the East. There Is every promise that It will end successfully. It
is proposed that a committee, composed of representatives of the local W*bs, National Guard and 'citizens, which will
t;tke charge of all features of the projected match, be appointed. Selectlcf of a team or teams shall be by competition
only, the highest to shoot in whatever events may ' be arranged. A suitable trophy Is already In sight, according to
the statement of one of the gentlemen interested, to be presented to the winning team. Of course, such match will
have to be shot on the home ranges of each club and the results forwarded by telegraph and letter. It seems to be
the desire of the promoters of this matter to have the matches of the military order, that la the marksmen shall shoot
with revolvers of a pattern adopted by the militia or suitable for army use. This would be a bar to fancy target
sights, special ammunition and "extras," such as the cranks revel In. The argument is made, and correctly too, that a
man who is a good shot with a target revolver can also acquit himself with credit with a service ¦weapon. A meeting
will be called within a week or so to bring about a few, matches of the kind desired. It is proposed that no man or
clique shall have the control or management of these events, but that air shall have an opportunity to enter into the
competitions. -C-'.-'s
"While the revolver shots in the East were preparing for the big international match local sportsmen were keep
ing pace and comparing their work with those who were to shoot for the honor of America, which was upheld by a ma
jority of 61 points. Shortly after the victory- by the American team a number of local marksmen concluded that a team
of San Francisco revolver shots could be assembled which could give the victorious Easterners a lively rub in a thirty
or fifty shot match. It is believed that if such men as J. E. Gorman, A. B. Dorrell, Smith Carr. Ed Hovey, M. J.
White, F. O. Young, Charlie Daiss, A. H. Pape, Paul Becker, George Barley and a few others would try they could put
up a lively race with the Eastern team.
San Francisco has a number of revolver Ehots whose individual performances are of such high-class order that
they stand on a level with the crack shots of the country. The attached targets tell a story In themselves. The one
with the three shots in the one-inch circle was mode by J. E. Gorman on January 23, 1S98. at the Shell Mound ranges.
It is the result of shooting at a distance of fifty yards, open sight, off hand and with a two-pound pull. Tho other 'by
Charles M. Daiss was made on April 9, 1S99, on the same ranges under the same conditions.
The champions were fortunate In meet
ing the Oakland team last week, for they
found the Dudes In the most crippled con
dition that they have been In since the
opening of the season. They have no oc
casion, therefore, for pointing with pride
to their record, for though they moved
up a peg. still they lost one game and per
mitted the Frlscos to make a slight gain.
This week the champions will meet Har
per's aggregation. Stockton Is overdue on
a clean score and It would not be sur
prising If they succeeded In putting the
champions back.
The loss of two games last week by the
Stocktons gave the Friscos a hold on sec
ond place and Oaklr.nd moved farther
down the toboggan.
This is the way the clubs stand:
Sacramento Still Leading
From Afar and the
* Dudes Trailing.
HAPPY HARRIS
WILL MEET THE
UNHAPPY EWING
DEL MONTE IS
THE MECCA OF
GAY GOLFERS
Men's Cup Contest Proves
Very Close and
Exciting.
Golf has been a feature of the Pel
Monte sports during the past week. The
Soott cup was won by Mrs. R. Oilman
Brown of the San Francisco and San Ra
fael Golf clubs with a gross and net score
of 99. Miss Maude Mulllns with a gross
and net score of 100 and Miss Edith Mc-
Bean with a score of 106 less C— lOO-tfed
for second place. The other ladies who
qualified for the cup contest were Miss
H^len Wagner. Miss Hager, Mies B. Dol
beer. Miss Caro Crockett and Miss Mor
gan. Mrs. Henry T. .Scott qualified, but
retired, making place for Miss McBean.
In the men's contest for the Del Monte
cup the following sixteen qualified: E. .T.
McCutchcn, K3: John Lawson and S. L.
Abbott Jr.. S4; J. Bourne and F. S. Strut
ton, fu; E. R. Folger ;md C. P. Hubbard,
SS; Dr. Morton. «; C. li. Knapp. »; Hugh
May. 91: H. H. Smith. 92; L. O. Kellojjs,
S3; J. \V. Byrne. 94; Prescott Scott, Co;
R. M. Fitzgerald, 5*; and R. G. Brown.
K«. The first four ar.? members of the
San Francisco Golf Club, which had four
or five others among the sixteen. Five
members of the Oakland Golf Club quali
fied, but only one golfer from Southern
California— Hugh May. champion of the
Los Angeles Country Club. In the open
ing round Kellogg beat May, 1 up; Fol
ger beat Stratton, 1 up on twenty holes;
S. L. Abbott Jr. beat R. G. Brown, j
up. 4 to play; E. J. McCutchen beat Dr.
Morton. 2 up. 1 to play; J. Bourne beat
H. H. Smith. 7 up, 6 to play; R. M. Fitz
gerald beat C. P. Hubbard. 2 up and J.
W. Byrne beat Prescott Scott. 3 uy. 2
to play. J. Lawson. who was regarded
as an almost certain winner of the cup.
was disqualified for having been accom
panied in the qualifying round by Jim
Melville, the I>>1 Hontc professional. This
was done on a protest raised by C. 13.
Krapp. who. In the drawing for the
match play, was paired against J. Law
son. Unfortunate an^ unpleasant as »hf
Incident was it made the contest even
more close and exciting, thore being little
to choose between E. J. McCutchen. S.
L. Abbott Jr., J. \V. Byrne. E. R. Fol
g< r and R. M. Fitzgerald. In the second
round Bourne beat Knapp. 3 up; Folder
beat Kelloguj, 6 up: McOutchon and Byrne
b<at Abbott and Fitzgerald.
In the third round Folger beat Mc-
Cutchen. 3 up. and Byrne beat Bourne, 1
up on nineteen holes. The final round
between Folger and Byrne was over thir
ty-six holes.
Next Wednesday an open handicap
Tournament will begin on the links of the
Santa Catalina Golf Club. The events
will be as follows: Open handicap over
eighteen holes, medal play, for women,
for a gold medal and two other prizes;
ooen handicap over thiity-six hoi**?. m»j
t>~ for men. for gold medal and
,iTf-s Tcr b*»st gross and handicap scores:
a competition among the sixteen lowest
scorers in the handicap for the Banning
cup. which was won last year by K. Conde
Jon*»s; open contests In driving for men
and women: and men's handicap four
somes against bogey. Winners of the
gold medals will have thHr names,
scores, etc., engraved r.n the Santa Cata
lina open competition cups, which re
main In the possession of the club.
The first match, over thirty-six holes,
in the Santa Monica gaif tournament, bo
twr^n-R. I). Osborn of Riverside and X
F. Wilshire of the Los Angeles Country
Club, was won by the former. 1 up. at the
thirty-sixth hole. Osborn Is therefore the
champion of the Santa Monica Golf Ciub.
He played a steady, game through
out and showed himself to be a good
match player. \
The Se:utle Golf and Country Club nas
just been formed and already has ninety
members. The Ferguson house, on Union
Bay. Lake Washington, has been lea«ed
' for t«*n years by the club with the privi
lege of purchase. The club will provide
facilities for golf, lawn tennis, billiard*
and other sports. Among the promoters
are Josiah Collins. J. D. Lowman K
A. Sfrout. Thomas Burke, C. J. Smith
end Bernard Pelly.
STAKE WINNERS
WILL COMPETE
IN BIG EVENT
Coursing 1 Men Anxiously
Awaiting- Futurity
Meet
The Union Park Coursing Association
took a turn at the fame on Wednesday
last and for the openinj? day of Its secoml
Innings furnished a good card in the mid
week event. F. JoneV Lavlnian, a fu
turity candidate, took first honors and
by her clever work against her more sea
soned opponents gained favor In the ey^s
of the followers of coursing who are look
ing for possible winners In the coming big
event. The stakes from now on will b->
watched with great interest. The young
sters which are named for the Futurity
so far have shown to a good advantage,
better In fact than the most sanguine
have anticipated, and in many instance*
where the long odds book has offered
heavy prices on individual chances th«
work shown in the midweek events by
the saplings has caused the pencilers to
cut to a much smaller figure.
Russell. Allen & Wilson's kennel look**
to nave many likely ones entered on th«
list, but unfortunate happenings of tn~
past few weeks have reduced Its chance-,
to some extent.
Union Park has a good card for to-di -.
and to-morrow. The stake is a big- op«
« t 0. °Z le hund red and twenty-eight do- <
of high class on the list. At least or<
half of the entries have the honor of *>«.
Ing classed winners of stakes and to :!'
followers of coursing the picking of .
nag-getter should be an easy matter fr-....
the oft-figured "dope" list
those who backed h^r chances In the
Champion stake on the closing day "t
San Mateo. Circumstances favored her
followers greatly. In the opening stak^»
J V h R ft P f£r 1OU9 W r k ,, She w " 3 Sen by
I L . R . aft * r an undecided. In the run-off
backed as a strong favorite. Flora was
111 " 1^ The taIent "-emem!
ihnrt Pl0 A even t. forced her on the
tt en(1 - F lo™ had rounded In good
tZ »>,!!£" •i, hOW , eVer - and showed the wav
to them all. Her victory, after two hard
undecided courses over Luxor, the stake
l a «\ 0Ti }*;>, ups V- a!1 calculations and the
rest of the going was easy for her.
form aD S Rocker is running in good
Coursing will commence to-day on tho
a" 1^ of the 10:13 train. The stake
should furnish some Interesting events.
• » ¦
With tho Tennis Players.
The ladles' single championship Is the
all absorbing topic In tennis circles, and
the aspirants for champion honors are
faithfully preparing themselves for the
coming contests. Miss Alice Hoffman
Miss Elsie Clarke. Miss La Ura Denson!
Miss Bessie Bowman and Miss Mason will
ent«r from the California Club. Miss Em
ma Hunter. Mrs. Klncald. Miss Mav
Bramhall. Miss Pearl Mecartney Miss
Edith Waterman. MiS3 Isabella Sherwood
Miss Rose Sherwood and Mrs. Wakerlev
will be the representatives of the Alame.1i
Club. Miss Miriam Hall of San Rafael
and Mrs. C. A. Elston, champion of Hon
olulu, will also enter.
The tournament will commence Friday
August 24. at San Rafael, under the direc
tion of Miss Hoffman and Miss Hail Misa
Violet Sutton. the present champion will
not defend her title, and the winner of
the tournament will become the champion
by default. i . ..
The time Is drawing near for the dou
bles championship tournament, which will
begin on September 6 and close September
10. The Hardy brothers will return from
the East In time to defend their title aa
Pacific Coast champions.
A handicap tournament was held on the
courts of the Salinas Club last week and
G. A. Rowling was the winner. In the
final match he received odds of one-sixth
of fifteen, and beat A. W. Jones Jr three
straight sets. JUS
SCHOONER AND
SLOOP YACHTS
ARE READY
Yachtsmen Will Cruise to
Mare Island This
Afternoon.
The second race of the San Francisco
Yacht Club from Vallejo to Sausalito will
take place to-morrow. The yachtsmen
are requested by. Commodore W. N. Mc-
Carthy to leave Sausalito at 3 o'clock
this afternoon on a signal from the flirg
ship Ramona. The yachts are divided
into two classes for the race. Class I
consists of the schemers Lurline. Aggie,
Chispa, Ramona and Virginia and the
sloops Nixie, Sappho, Harpoon. Rover and
Angela. Class II consists of the yawl
Phyllis, the cutter Folly and th» sloops
Thetis. Aeolus. Cygnus, Siren, Surprise,
Hope and Catherine.
The starting- line is an imaginary line
drawn from the gangway of the receiv
ing ship Independence oft M;'.re Island to
the nearest point of the Vallejo shore.
The yachts will finish across an imaginary
line drawn from the clubhouse at Sausa
lito to a stakeboat anchored about four
hundred yards directly oft the wharf, the
stakeboat to be left on the starboard
hand. f?oth classes will start at 10:15
a. m. and ten minutes will be allowed to
cross the line. A prize flag will be given
In each clas^ to the yacht making the
fastest corrected time. The following
table gives the racing length of eacn
yacht and the number of minutes ana
seconds which A. Sutherland's sloop
Catherine, the smallest craft in the fleet,
having a racing length of 25.56 feet, re
ceives from her.
THE SAX FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1900.
SUMMER SPORTS
4
TENNIS.
COURSING.
YACHTING.
ROWING.
FISHING.
SHOOTING,
CRACK SHOTS
IR'cl'giPeiH
YACHT.
Owner. Jle'gthjalty.
Sl<
Bl«
Bl<
Ys
Eft
Sli
u
\c,
lo
lo
lo
¦
10
lo
lo
ter Folly...
jp Surprise
r?p Siren
n P Cypnus..
"P Aeolus...
,vl Phyllis.,
op Thetis...
>p Rover
~j\> Sapj.ho..
jp N!xi<»....
M.S.
.. G. D. Campljoll 23. G6 5:13
,. A. C. Lee 27.85 7:.">0
.. O. T. S. White! 2S.10 8:47
..|T. L. Hill 2S.&3 10:3C
..iC. Westerfelil.. 23.60 13:19
..jC\ Chlttenden.. 31.00 17:13
• iK. S. Bridgman 33.31 23:9
.. W. W. Haley.. 38.41 34:18
.. A. McKenxle... 41.47 39:i:;
.. «. S. Billings.. S3. S3 £C:59
Be
Be
ooner Chl^j
ooner Ram
ccner Api?i(
ooner Lurli
\>n
e..
in?
.. I. Outte 47.04 | 4S:43
.. \V. McCarthy.. 50.43 .'3:30
,. E. A. Wtltsee.. C0.78 1:5:13
..IJ. r>. Sprockets 62.50 11:6:57
C( C C "5
,*p mP «.a 2
? " ~ * ¦ 3
: • r* "
• • • ?
CLUBS.
I: i M J
Sacramento
San Francisco ....
Stockton
Oakland
.. 30 19
.. 27 24
.. 23 2S
..| 19 I 30
49
51
4!»
49
.610
.529
.469
.3.S7
C( C C "5
,*p mP «.a 2
? " ~ * ¦ 3
: • r* "
• • • ?
CLUBS.
I: i M J
Sacramento
San Francisco ....
Stockton
Oakland
.. 30 19
.. 27 24
.. 23 2S
..| 19 I 30
49
51
4!»
49
.610
.529
.469
.3.S7
IR'cl'giPeiH
YACHT.
Owner. Jle'gthjalty.
Sl<
Bl«
Bl<
Ys
Eft
Sli
u
\c,
lo
lo
lo
¦
10
lo
lo
ter Folly...
jp Surprise
r?p Siren
n P Cypnus..
"P Aeolus...
,vl Phyllis.,
op Thetis...
>p Rover
~j\> Sapj.ho..
jp N!xi<»....
M.S.
.. G. D. Campljoll 23. G6 5:13
,. A. C. Lee 27.85 7:.">0
.. O. T. S. White! 2S.10 8:47
..|T. L. Hill 2S.&3 10:3C
..iC. Westerfelil.. 23.60 13:19
..jC\ Chlttenden.. 31.00 17:13
• iK. S. Bridgman 33.31 23:9
.. W. W. Haley.. 38.41 34:18
.. A. McKenxle... 41.47 39:i:;
.. «. S. Billings.. S3. S3 £C:59
Be
Be
ooner Chl^j
ooner Ram
ccner Api?i(
ooner Lurli
\>n
e..
in?
.. I. Outte 47.04 | 4S:43
.. \V. McCarthy.. 50.43 .'3:30
,. E. A. Wtltsee.. C0.78 1:5:13
..IJ. r>. Sprockets 62.50 11:6:57Oliver Gives Up the Fight in the
Sixth Congressional District and
McXachlan Claims That
He Is It.
Special Dlsnatch to The Call. .
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 17.— Both sides In
the Congressional fight between Oliver
and McLachlan declare the contest is over
and that no fight is in prospect at the Re
publican primaries to-morrow. Oliver's
friends, who made a good fight, have ac
cepted the result of the caucus philo
sophically and with good grace. Mc-
Lachlan claims to have more than enough
votes pledged to nominate.
S\N LUIS OBISPO, Aug. 17.— The Peo
pled party, in response to the call of Its
County Central Committee, will hold pri
maries to-morrow. The county conven
tion is called to meet at Paso Robles on
A TACOMA. Wash.. Aug. 17.— The Pierce
County Populist Convention to-day split
and named two full sets of thirty-four
delegates to the State . convention which
meets In Seattle next Monday. After
being called to order a fierce wrangle en
sued over the seating of contesting dele
gations, resulting in the larger number of
delegates leaving the hall and organizing
a second convention, which was strongly
a! GILR0Y, Aug. 17.— The first gun of the
campaign was fired this evening by the
Republicans of Gllroy Township. The
Hon. Judson Brusie spoke to the citizens
at Music Hall on campaign issues, and
organized a Republican club. It was a
most enthusiastic meeting. The officers
of the new McKlnley club are: George
Skilllcorn, president; Henry Hecker, vice
president, and Will F. Blake secretary.
WOODLAND, Aug. : ; 17.— Yolo County
Democrats 'are practically unanimous In
the opinion that the Hon John'R. Glas
cock is the strongest man that the Dem-
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 17.— Last Novem
ber the wife of Joseph Green was acci
dentally killed within a few feet of her
own doorway by a Terminal Railway
train running in from Pasadena. The
bereaved husband lost no time In bring
ing a $30,000 damage suit against the com
pany, with allegations of gross negli
gencei To-day Judge Allen ordered Judg
ment entered for Green In £3000.
Grand gpiaxdtan. Mrs. Carrie C. Vanor>«del
of Pendleton. Or.; erand adviser. Mrs. M. E
Bernstein of Hacford. Cal. : icrand clerk. J. L
¦\VrlKht of Leadvllle. Colo.: sraaa banker. Mrs
Mary A. Hurley of Portland. Or. Oranrt man
at^er* Mrs. Annie Hawkins of Toledo. Or.
Mrs Rose MrCroskey of Palouse. Wash.; Mra
Lillian B. Pollock. M. D., of Denver. Colo.
Orand jnauician. Mrs. Bessie Martin of Cheha
lis. Wash.; grand attendant. Mrs. Helen M
Southwtck of Salem. Or,; icrand inner sentinel
Mra Cora Wilson of Pullman, Wash.; gram
out>?r sentinel, Mrs. May Holly wocU of Victor
Colo. 9
Five Thousand Dollars for a Wife.
The "Women of Woodcraft held a pro
tracted session last night, at which the
following grand officers were chosen, for
the ensuing two years:
SALT LAKE, Aug. 17.— The session of
the Woodmen of the World to-day was
taken up mainly in the readlD* and dis
cussion of the report of the bo-ird of man
agement. The report showed that one as
sessment per month was aniple to keep
up the benefit fund.
This afternoon the Woodrien laid aside
all business and went to yaltair. on tho
shores of the Great Salt Ijike. where va
rious kinds of entertairnents were pro
vided for the visiting members of tho
fraternal organization, t'leir relatives ant
friends. The feature f-l the programme
was an exhibition dr".!! by the consoli
dated degree teams ot Colorado. Golden
Gate. Wow-wow an<l Salt Lake ramps.
to Pleasure Resorts.
"WOODMEN'S OTJTTNG.
Delegates at Salt Lake Take a Trip
An Offer to the City Council That
Will Probably Be Accepted and
Will Fulfill All
Needs.
Srecia.1 XMFnctch to The Call.
SAX DIEGO, Aug. 17.— The pnppeet that
the water troubles of the city of San
Diego will soon be definitely settled has
caused considerable joy on the part of the
reople. It has been made known that K.
S. Babcocli, representing John D. Spreck
cls and the Southern California Mountain
Water Company, has made such an offer
to the City Council that its acceptance
and the completion of the contract that
will follow will give to the city a bounti
ful supply of mountain water.
The Southern California Mountain
Water Company's system embraces throe
immense reservoirs in the mountains to
the southeast of the city, the three to be
connected by tunnels, flumes and ditches.
This system is only partially completed,
though one reservoir Is finished and is
now full.
Inside the city the Mountain Water
Company, under tho name of United
Water Supply Company, owns a distrib
uting system in the businesa portion of
the city.^on which the work was stop
ped when a former proposition of the
same company was carried into the courts
and contested. The present offer of the
company Is to complete the laying of the
pipe, making a system of about seven, and
a half miles o* large mains. This syitem
the Mountain Water Company proposes to
sell to the city for $100,000 and to pur
chase $600,000 of city bonds at par as soon
a« voted, turning- the other $503,000 Into
tho city treasury for tho completion of
WATER SUPPLY
FOR SAN DIEGO
the distributing system throughout the
city.
The water company further proposes to
furnish the city with water at the rate
of 5 cents per 1000 gallons until th.e com
pletion of the pipe line from the Otay
dam, which is the reservoir already com
pleted and filled, after which time the
price per 1000 gallons will be but 4 cents.
The company further agrees to furnish
all the water that the city can use up
to 7,000,000 gallons per day, which is more
than double what the present water com
pany claims to be pumping and more than
four times the amount that is actually
being pumped.
The Council has directed that all neces
eary papers be prepared for it on next
Monday evening, so that It can conclude
its acceptance of the offer. An election
will be called for the purpose of submit
ting the bond proposition to the voters
at as early a date as possible.
ocrats of the Third District can nominate
for Congress.
TACOMA. Aug. 17.— Congressman Fran
cis W. Cushman has received a letter
from II. C. Payne, in charge of the Chi
cago headquarters of the National Re
publican Committee, stating that Gover
nor Roosevelt's Western tour has not
been abandoned. Mr. Payne writes that
the programme for Roosevelt's tour is
westward ( over the Northern Pacific to
the coast and return by way of Califor
nia and the. Union Pacific.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 17.— The McKlnley
and Roosevelt Club met here this even
ing. A general invitation had been ex
tended by the club to all the precincts in
this Supervisorial district. A ticket was
nominated to be voted for at the primaries
to be held here on the 25th inst. Judge
F. M. Angellotti was indorsed by the club
for delegate at large to the State Conven
tion. William Barr and T. P. Boyd were
nominated as delegates to the State Con
vention. Nominations were also made for
delegates to the County Convention.
A uniformed company of Rough Riders
was formed by the young men of the club
this evening. The meeting was held in the
Wigwam and was largely attended by an
enthusiastic audience.
PRUNE-GROWERS ANXIOUS.
Awaiting the Fixing of Prices by
the Combine.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 17.— Considerable anx
iety is manifested among the prune
growers In regard to the prices to be
fixed by the association. At the head
quarters of the combine It was stated to
day that there was no announcement to
be made yet.
Growers not In the association are in
a rather embarrassing position, according
to statements made. Buyers and driers
who are not In the combine are diffident
about buying. They are waiting for prices
to be fixed. Some crops are ready to be
harvested. Growers who belong to the
association can deliver to their own driers
and secure advances to meet current ex
penses. It is difficult to get satisfactory
estimates as to the yield. Doubtless many
prunes have "dropped," yet careful men
say the total output of this valley win
be large, owing to many new orchards
coming into bearing.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 17.— An unknown
man committed suicide In the graveyard;
this afternoon by drinking carbolic acid.
The deceased was about 70 years old, 5
feet 5 inches in height, full white beard,
bald head, with a deep dent In the middle
of the forehead, and the body was dressetf
in a gray sack coat and vest and blacic
corduroy trousers. No papers of any kiud
were found on the body. The only tbins
of value In the dead man's pocket w.-u a
2-cent postage stamp.
Unknown Old Han, "With Only a
Two-Cent Stamp In His Pocket,
Ends His Tribulations at
Sacramento. ; *
W00S DEATH IN
A GEAVEYARD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA, Aug. 17.— Miss Carrie A.
Fleisher and Hon. Thomas Or
lando Toland. member of the
State Board of Equalization, were
married last evening at 8:30
o'clock at tho home of the bride's parents,
some three miles east of Santa Paula,
Rev. F. M. Lockhart of the Santa Paula
Baptist Church officiated. The parlors of
the Fleisher residence were artistically
decorated with asparagus ferns, carna
tions and flowers for the occasion. Only
the family and the immediate relatives
witnessed the ceremony, except Mr. and
Mrs. L. W. Andrews and Mr. and Mrs.
John Irwin. Immediately after the cere
mony congratulations were offered by
those present. An elaborate luncheon was
served".
The bridal couple will leave to-morrow
morning at 10 o clock for San Francisco
and p. tour of Northern California. Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas O. Toland will be absent
some six or seven weeks and will be at
home in Ventura after November 1.
Thomas O. Toland was born in Bluff
Springs, Clay County, Ala. In 1S90 he
came to Ventura and began the practice
of law. which he has continued to this
date. At present he is senior member of
the law firm of Toland & Andrews, which
has a large and lucrative practice. In
1S92 he was elected District Attorney and
served as such until January, 1S95. H©
became very prominent before the people
of Southern California, if not the entire
State, in the Democratic Sixth District
Congressional Convention of 1S96. He was
a leader of the Patton and anti-railroad
forces In this famous Rose-Patton dead
lock convention. He represented Ven
tura County in the thirty-second State
Legislature. In 1S9S he was elected a
member of the State Board of Equaliza
tion. Mr. Toland is also the present
chairman of the executive committee of
the Democratic State Central Committee.
Miss Carrie A. Flelsher was born in
Pennsylvania and accompanied her par
ents to California in 1SS3. The family lo
cated at Santa Paula. Miss Fleisher has
taught in the Santa Paula schools with
unusual success. She has always been
very popular with the school children and
with parents.
MISS CARRIE A. FLEISHER AND HON. THOMAS TOLA2JD. WHO
WERE MARRIED AT VENTURA.
DEL MONTE, Aug. 17.— The mem
bers of the swagger set paid
a UttiTig tribute to racing th!s
afternoon. Coaches and tally
hos loaded down with merry
5>arties early left the hotel for
the ohanninp little- racecourse,
¦where their gayly attired occupants vocif
erously applauded tho horsemanship of
the pentJeman riders. The sport was un
der the auspices of the Pacific Coast Polo
and Pony Racing Association.
In the stand Henry T. Scott, Richard
Tohiri and W. M. Xewhall Judged the rac
ing. l»u C. White dir-patched the fields
and Thomas F. Meagher, the promoter of
per.tlemar.lv sports, acted as clerk of the
scales.
Only one trifling- accident marred the
eport. In the third event, with the leg
tip on Boxer. Raoul Du\al's saddle turned
under him, causing a hasty spill to the
turf. Beyond disturbing a few cubic yards
of the track's top dressing there was no
damage. Walter Hobart shone to much
advantage in the saddle, twice finishing
first astride the sturdy little Slats and be
ing placed with his only other mount. Six
events were down for decision and the
favorites captured three.
The San Mateo Hunt steeplechase, with
the usual element of danger thrown in,
attracted the most attention and resulted
in a really Fur>erb contest between old
Silverado and Mestor. There were but
four starters and unforunately none of
the gentlemen Jockeys donned tne silk,
seetningly preferring the fiat numbers.
Silverado Has Speed to Spare.
In the yaris mutuels Mestor, with 162
Some weeks ago Walter Hobart made a
large wager with Raoul Duval and Joe
Tobin that lie would tip the scales at 163
pounds or under when pony racing time
came about. To-day tho bet was won,
Mr. Hobart weighing 1G4& pounds.
There is a vast amount of dissatisfac
tion over tho declaring off of the base
ball game between the Burlingame nine
and Alumni team from the University of
California. Two of the saddest Burlin
game men are Frank O'Kane and Frank
Rodolph. Each had some new curves
and inshoots to unfasten and they are
kicking hard. Some trivial dispute caused
Prescott Scott to declare off the game.
The Alumni team arrived to-night. They
chum to have received no olllclal noti
fication, and will probably receive the
trophy by default.
Walter Hobart and George Parsons will
meet L>r. Root and Merle Johnson to-mor
row, and a close match is looked for, aa
it will give a place in the finals with the
winners of the Whltney-Crowell and
Mayhcw-McLean match. •
Dr. Root and Merle Johnson beat Ar
thur Watson and Clay Gooding. C — 4, 6 — i.
There was some fast play in this match,
the swift chop strokes of Johnson con
tributing largely to his team's success.
George Whitney and Harold Croweli
beat Bob Whitney and Grant Smith, 2—6,
6—3, 9—7. 7—9, 6—4. Champion George
played in excellent form and, aided by
the strong volleying of Croweli, won the
match after a sharp tussle.
Play was resumed again at the tennis,
courts. Walter Hobart and George Par
sons starting the tournament for doubles
by defeating Wilder Wright and Sidney
Haslett, 6—0, 6—4. Hobart's strong
smashes and the splendid accuracy of
Parsons contributed to the defeat of their
opponents.
Folger Takes the Cup.
At the links in the morning E. R. Fol
ger of Oakland annexed the silver trophy
offered for the tournament, defeating in
the linal J. W. Byrne, the score being 10,
with 8 to play. E. J. McCutcheon had
early been picked as the winner, but the
long drives and brilliant putting of Fol
ger proved too strong a factor for his op
ponent. The excellent work shown by
Mr. Byrne wus a surprise to golfdom, for
he had not been numbered among the
most dangerous ones at the commence
ment.
at work on San Juan through the stretch
he was disposed of by two lengths in
l:45=i. Phoenician ran third.
VICTOR IN THE GOLF TOURNEY, AND A STRUGGLE IN ONE OF THE
POLO GAMES AT DEL MONTE.
By F. E. 3Sd:TJ-J_,K[CDT_.IL.^.3Sri3.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
pounds and Sheppard in the saddle, ruled
a slight choice over Silverado with a like
impost. After his long vacation Silverado
possessed speed to bum and. fencing like
a crackerjack, was never once headed
during the three-mile journey. Sheppard,
on Mestor, marie a desperate bid for the
race through the field and to the wire,
getting up In time lo be beaten over a
length. Huntsman ran third and Frank
Carolan's Ameera, after showing well for
over a mile. lost. Paris mutuels paid $lo.
Tho introductory feature, a three-six
teenths of a mile dash for polo ponies*,
was laken by Slats, carrying 165 pound?.
The southern pony, Julia, had been ex
tensively touted, but the Ilobart entry
held her safe and under Walter Hobart's
splendid riding reeled the distance off
cleverly in :1SU. "Young" Joe Tobin
landed Brushwood Boy in the show, 'iho
%Z mutuels paid $12.
Following this was a mile dash for
horses owned and ridden by residents of
Monterey and Santa Cruz counties, con
ditions slightly misleading. Miss Norma
and Kaja were the only entries. Th-3
former, a pronounced choice, piloted by
Wostfall, never loft the result in doubt,
winning in rag-time, six lengths of day
light separating Raja. Mutuels paid $G 25.
A Hot Tip That Burns Money.
In the third recital a warm favorite was
bowled over. Lady Betty had been going
great guns in private trials and was a
sizzling hot tip for the five-furlong pony
scramble, with Walter liobart up. Mr.
Betner. on Viola, managed to beat the
f.ag a couple of lengths and, never caught,
downed the favorite half a dozen lengths
in 1:07. Fusillade, on which Frank Caro
lan had the mount, finished a fair third.
Mutuels paid $17 53.
Diminutive Slats repeated her victory in
the half-mile spin for polo ponies. Her
166 pounds seemed to rest but lightly, for
ehe early scampered away from Julia,
ridden by R. L. .Betner, winning with con
siderable to spare in :r>2Vi. Mr. Parsons
on Three Cheers took show honors. i\ing
Cole was the only other starter. MutueU
pairl JS CO.
There was a deal of. speculation over
the mile run for maidens. R. L. Betner
had in Rey de San Juan, and with the
weights ranging from 150 pounds up was
ihe supposed real thing, the mutuel box
constantly clicking his name. It so hap
pened that Johnny Weber, the profes
sional rider, accepted the mount on Ai
bano, a son of Imp. Crighton. Getting
away first Weber never relinquished the
lead, and though Mr. Parsons was hard
The State Senator Takes Exceptions
to the Attack on Him Regarding
the State Printing Office
Inquiry. /
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 17.— State Sena
tor Frank Leavitt resents the attack
made on him In one of the San Francisco
newspapers,- declaring It Is prompted by
motives of revenge.
The article to which Leavitt takes ex
ception stated that he and Senate Clerk
Brandon, the latter the clerk for Leavltfa
committee, were making a farce- of the in
vestigation into the conduct of the Sta'e
Printing Office, which inquiry had been
ordered by the State Senate; that Stat-»
Printer Johnston had given Leavitt a
position as bookkeeper in the printing es
tablishment in order to prevent an ad
verse report; that neither Leavitt nor
Brandon was properly fulfilling hi3
duties, and that Leavitt Is scheming to
become State Printer.
Senator Leavitt, in an Interview with a
representative of The Call to-night, said:
It was evident to the committee, when it first
met, tiiat it would require several months to
{rather the' facts and figures that the state
Senate desired In the Investigation of the print
ing office. The State Printer wanted the inves
tigation to be complete as to the following
rumors:
That he had sold type, presses and paper and
had appropriated to his own use the proceeds;
that the men working ia the institution were
required to give up a portion of their wages
and that the payroll had been stuffed.
The suggestion was made to me by State
Printer Johnston that I accept a position under
him long enough to ascertain the truth or fal
sity of those rumors. I refused to accept th«
position until I had consulted with the Gover
nor about the matter.. The Governor requested
me to take the position, as It would assist me
in obtaining the Information desired by the
committee. Senate Cleric Brandon's position as
clerk of the investigation committee was ob
tained for him by Senator Shortridge. another
member ot the committee. Brandon's work
needs no apology. The work of Brandon and
myself will be judged by the Senate, when It
will be shown to have been of great value to
the State. I attribute the Chronicle's attack
upon me as the result of my attitude on the
candidacy of M. II. de Young for the United
States Senate.
LEAVITT SAYS
IT IS REVENGE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALASKA MINERS
FACING STARVATION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.
Reports from General Randall,
who is in command of the mil
itary department of Alaska,
indicates that great suffering
¦will be the fate of stranded
miners at Nome and other
places. The situation is de
scribed as worse than that of
two years ago, when the War
Department expended $200,-
OOO in relieving the distress
of the miners. Secretary Root
is considering an estimate
which he may have to send to
Congress in December for aid
necessary to tho.se in distress.
It is likely that the amount
asked of Congress will bs fully
$300,000. General Randall
says it is not merely a lack of
funds which embarrasses the
authorities in Alaska, but the
difficulties of purchasing sup
plies and "transporting the
men.
SEATTLE, Aug. 17.— The steamship
Roanoke arrived in port this afternoon
with $4,500,000 in treasure, the largest
single shipment of gold ever brought from
the north. The treasure, which came
down the Yukon, arrived at St. Michael
on the John C. Barr. Of the amount sent
$1,700,000 is consigned to the Canadian
Bank of Commerce, over $2,000,0u0 to the
N. A. T. and T. Company, and the rest be
longs to various individuals.
In addition to her gold the Roanoke
brought down thousands of dollars' worth
of costly furs from St. Michael. On board
the steamer were 272 passengers, 200 of
whom came first cabin.
The steamer Humboldt arrived in port
from Lynn Canal this morning with
ninety-six passengers, sixty ot them
Klondikers, and upward of $250,000 in
treasure from the Klondike. By far the
lareest treasure-holder was Clarence
Berry, who had four boxes containing up
ward of $150,000. There were several
other people with large sums and any
number with a few thousand. Nearly all
of the passengers from the Klondike are
said to have possessed some dust.
The Humboldt brought considerable late
news. Dawson advices, dated August 4,
give the rumor of the drowning of live
people by the wreck of the launch Aquilla,
owned by Joe Burke. The men reported
drowned are: S. It. Hibbard, Maurice M.
Marsden, Jack Lawrence, engineer and
pilot of the Aquilla; F. W. Steeley and
Amlal W. Grafton, all from Dawson. It is
stated that the Aquilla ran on the rocks
on the Healey bar while bound for Eagle
City and was completely wrecked. The
Jive men making up the party were all
aboard at the time. , There was quite a
bit of rough weather at the time and be
fore any assistance could reach them they
were all drowned.
A report which was received at Daw
son just before the last steamer left was
to the effect that one of the men, Maurice
Marsden, had been picked up in the. river
by a passing steamer, floating on a piece
of board, two miles below the scene of the
nccident.
The Roanoke left Nome August G and
came via Dutch Harbor, leaving that port
August 11. At Dutch Harbor were the
United States gunboats Wheeling and
McCulloeh. H. M. S. Pheasant, the col
lier bark Jabez Howes, and the steamship
Senator, which entered the harbor as the
Roanoke pulled out. At Nome were the
United States transport Seward, the
steamers Morning Star, Skookum and tho
Discovery. The Government vessel Me
teor arrived at Nome August 5 with nine
ty-eight starving and dying natives from
points between Golovin Buy and Slnrock.
Customs Inspector Stockslager says that
the conditions there are indescribable.
A tragedy is reported at Topkuk. A bot
tle was found on the beach by Ed Boffer,
J. L. Johnson and C. B. Yapp. In which
was a note, almost obliterated by the
water, in which it was stated .that: "We
are drowning, July, blown out to sea,
etc." There were five or six names sign
ed to the note.
Commissioner Stevens has decided that
the beach above high-water mark is now
nnd always was subject to the same law
us applied to other mineral land in
Alaska. "When Commissioner Stevens
rendered his decision to the effect that
the beach lands are subject to location
the seashore was covered for miles by
rockers, pluiceboxes, engines and other
paraphernalia for mining, all In active
operation. Within two days not less than
half the operations ceased as a result of
orders from persons claiming the ground
by right of location. Several hundred
beach workers, disgusted with the situa
tion and having no other means of mak
ing a living, left for the outside.
The beach was stampeded for many
miles and everything located. Judge
Noyes reversed the decision of the' Gold
Commissioner, but the miners are not en
couraged by the prospect.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17. — The Treasury
Department has received the following
telegram from Lieutenant Jarvis of the
revenue cutter service:
NOME, Alaska, Aug. 6 <vla Port Townsend.
Aug. 17).— Secretary of the Treasury, Washing
ton: , Reports current in the States of sickness
at Nome are unfounded." Twelve case* of meas
les., thirteen cases of pneumonia, no typhoid
fever,' six hises of smallpox in isolation: all
convalescent. - ¦ • JARVIS.
PORT TOWNSEND, . Aug 17.-The
steamer Robert Dollar arrived late ! this
evening from * Nome with nearly 400 pas
sengers, but neither: they : nor the .ship'
brought any gold. The passengers report
the health conditions at' Nome as being
good and Dr. Foster, the United States
Quarantine Officer, received official.noti
fication that smallpox was disappearing,
and that only eight cases exist there.
Drowning of Four of the Men on
Board the Ill-Fated Craft Which.
Meets Disaster on the
Yukon.
WRECK OP LAUNCH AQUILLA
Clarence Berry, Formerly of
Fresno, Returns With
$150,000.
Two Steamships Laden
With Nuggets Reach
Seattle.
Golden Stream Is
Still Flowing
South.
MILLIONS
FROM THE
KLONDIKE
SOCIETY APPLAUDS
RUNNING OF PONIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 38, 1900.
WEDDING BELLS RING
FGR POPULAR VENTURANS
May Commute Halderman Sentences.
PIIOEJsIX, Ariz., Aur. 17.— Governor
Murphy has been advised that another
aliidavil has been procured in the case of
the Halderman brothers. Ted Moore, for
whose murder they are under sentence
of death, and Constable Ailsworth were
killed in the course of a visit for the
purpore of Fervinp a warrant on the two
brothers, charred with shooting cattle on
the range. The complainant was Buck
Smith, a cattleman. Smith says that he
was informed by Mooie that* the'Haider
mans shoti.the cattle, but he possesses
later evidence that the shooting was done
by Moore. The Governor is still consid
ering the case. It is believed that he will
commute both sentences to a term of
years in the penitentiary, and possibly
pardon the younger brother.
Killed While Stealing a Ride.
HANFORD, Aug. 17.— An unknown man
¦was killed by being run over by a South
ern Pacific train at 4:15 to-day. The un
fortunate was evidently stealing a ride to
Fresno } and fell oft* the brakebeam. ; , On
a card in his pocket was the address:
"Thomas Curren, 427B Green street, San
Francisco." The body ' is now in. charge
of the Coroner.lflg8B5s«HS£S6^
POLITICAL NEWS
OF THE COAST
5
years*
are evorywhera*
Every womat2 Hemov/s
so:ttQ vjazisn friend w/ro
has isssi3 helped by Lydia
Em Pi&kf£aJ73*s Vegetable
Compound* What does
this friend say abcut if?
CZsad! ihv letters
WGsnsjs Zczng published in
this gr^cFj If you srp
£*H*Kg, don't try experi-
ments* Rosy on the relia*
hie.
fflrs* Ffakkztm's great
enedecSsiQ has stood witls*
out a peer for thirty
Puzzled vraeasaa write to
Mrs* Piakfozkm for sfi"/:ao
vski&h £?&3 ffJv&s v/Sthczit
charge* 7ho advice ss
confidential and accurate^
it has helped a million wo-
men* ii/Srs* Pinkham's
address as Lynn, Mass*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
¦ jf as this sale passes its horizon and approaches Jf
!§. its zenith prices drop lower— values grow greater JL
feS — to maks the selling surer— swifter.
i a little money Z
y^ . will secure unusually liberal returns if advantage is taken of this sale's W
A offerings to-day in ladies' and children's hosiery, kid gloves, handker- L
chiefs, corsets, knit underwear, fancy ribbons, muslin underwear, gent's ftak
furnishings, shirt waists, wrappers, housekeeping linens, lace curtain3, \j!a
•|r stationery, leather goods and toilet articles, some of the lots are small, but ?
JL the short quantities will but add zest to your coming. A.F. S. McCormick. a well-known railroad
man of Los Angeles, is registered at tho
Occidental.
J. M. Sandova and I. G. Gutierrez and
wife of Albuquerque, N. M., are registered
at the Palace.
W. C. Fessenden. a well-known railroad
man of Los Angeles, accompanied by his
wife, is in the city.
E. B. Gage, a prominent mining man
of ; Prescott, Ariz., accompanied by his
wife, is at the Palace.
Stoddard Jess and D. R. Knoll, two well
known business men of Pomona, are stop
ping at the Occidental.
Brigadier General* William Montrosc
Graham of the United States army is a
guest at the Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs.* Humphries, well-known
residents ot Honolulu, are registered at
the California. They arrived on tho China
yesterday.
BY reason of the freedom of speech and personal
liberty assured by British laws. Great Britain
• has long been the refuge of political exiles and
schemers from every country in Europe. It has been
known that among the foreigners resident in London
and other large cities there are considerable numbers
of anarchists, but it has been the prevalent belief that
there are no anarchists among native Britons. That
belief has now been shattered. It appears there has
been an active inculcation of the principles of anarchy
going on for some time in all parts of the United
Kingdom, and that while the number of converts to
the doctrine are few, they are by no means so weak
as to be despicable.
The assassination of King Humbert led to an inves
tigation by the London Chronicle of the anarchist
propaganda in Britain, with the result that quite a
iiumber of anarchist groups were discovered. One
cf the correspondents writing on the subject say.?:
"For some fifteen years past there has been an or
ganized anarchist movement in this country, run
mainly by British subjects, most of whom were Eng
lish and Scots, with a sprinkling of Irishmen. The
'Autonomy group,' now broken up, was made up
chiefly of foreigners, but there are and have been
'groups' in Manchester, Walsall, Aberdeen, Glasgow,
Liverpool, Norwich, Birmingham, Arbroath and
ether large cities and towns for some time, in which
the foreigner was in a distinct minority. I remember
one particular group in Manchester some six years
ago. It consisted of about forty persons, among
whom were a fully certificated schoolmaster, a draw
ing-master in a local school and a journalist, the
remainder being clerks and workmen. The rival
group was composed cf foreigners, who were mostly
Jews, German, Polish, Russian and Dutch. In Glas
gow the anarchists have always availed themselves of
the opportunities given by the university. Many of
the members are biologists and chemists, with a thor
ough familiarity with the latest developments in the.
field of scientific research. The Scottish anarchist is,
as a rule, better, educated than his English confrere,
and, from what I have . seen, with one or two
exceptions, the Irish anarchists are the least educated
of all. There are no anarchists in Ireland. The at
tempts to establish groups in Belfast and Dublin have
i been failures." ¦ .
The writer goes on to say. that frequently distin
guished anarchists, such as Krapotkin, Grave : and
ethers, make a tour of the provinces, visitingthediffer
ent local groups and stimulating them to greater efforts
toward the advancement of the cause. He attribute?
the riots of the uncmplc3'ed in Liverpool, Manchester
and Glasgow, a few. years ago. mainly to the work of
local anarchist agitators. Thus it appears that while
not numerically strong, the British anarchists are still
sufficiently potent to be a notable factor in social.dis
turbances. \
As to their tenets and practices, the correspondent,
v:ho claims to have close relations with them", says:
"The policy of the bemb and the stiletto has been
ANARCH'STS IN GREAT BRITAIN.
CORN AND KflNSAS.
CORN and Kansas are booming together, but
there is no inseparable connection between
them. Corn booms whether in Knnsas or out
of it, and Kansas booms not only in her cornfields,
but in her wheatfields as well. Nevertheless the two
things are closely associated with one another and
serve equally well to refute the predictions of calamity
which Bryan howled over all the corn States in the
last Presidential campaign.
Reports from Kansas are to the effect that farmers
are so prosperous there is a widespread inclination to
exchange town lots for farm lands. A few years ago
the rural population was discontented and thousands
of people were trying to get rid of the farms in order
to move to town. Now the reaction has taken place,
and the town folks, seeing the abundant and profitable
crops of the farmers, are trying to get farms of their
own.
A correspondent of the St. Louis Globe-Democrat
tells a good story illustrating the changed condition
of affairs. He says: "Out in the western part of
Sedgvvick County Sweet, the banker at Cheney, came
into possession of 160 acres at a cost of $2200 several
years ago. vile, tried to sell it at an advance of $200
or $300, but couldn't find a. purchaser. Last fall Mr.
Sweet sent East and bought enough of the new va
riety of wheat to seed the land. About the last of
April the wheat looked so. fine" that farmers began to
ask the banker his price. The banker, too, thought
the wheat looked pretty well, and he advanced his
figures to $3200, or $20 an acre. Even this did not
frighten off the farmers. George Johnson, on an ad
joining place, took Mr. Sweet at his own figure. That
crop of wheat has been harvested and thrashed. It
went over thirty-four bushels to the acre, and the
measured bushel weighed sixty-three pounds, the
maximum of- grade. This crop of wheat, the seed
and sowing of which cost Johnson nothingi has prac
tically returned to the owner the price he paid for
I the land three months ago."
That is the story of a wheat farm, but there are just
as good to be told of the corn districts. The days
when farmers burned corn because it was the cheap
est fuel they could get have gone by. It also appears
they do not even have to feed it to hogs or cattle in
order to make a paying crop out of it. The people
of Europe are learning to eat corn bread and corn
' meal mush, and the demand for it is growing. The
j Dallas News recalls the prediction of Tilden that
j eventually the United States would export more corn
j than wheat, and sanguinely expects the realization # to
, be attained within a comparatively few years. It says
j an acre of corn land will feed more people than an
i acre of the best wheat -land, and that when the wheat
supply falls short corn can more than take its place.
It will be seen that in deciding to talk this year
about imperialism instead of about calamity Mr.
Bryan has shown as much discretion as can; be ex
j pected of a demagogue,
To this rr.stter every earnest Republican should
give H? attention. Let each speak to his friends on
the subject. Let cs have no more over-confidence.
and tt\zj. L/rt ns get ready for a hard fight and pre
pare for brifigxsg to the polls on election day the full
strength of the Republican party of the city.
There is nothing to be gained by postponing reg
istration, but there is much that may be lost. When
the rush oi the closing days comes it will then be in
conx-enier.t to register, for a man may frequently have
to stand for a long time in line waiting his turn. Then
is business of all kinds revives with the beginning of
the fall trade, it will not be 60 easy as now for business
ir.cn to attend to the matter. Moreover, some accident
of time or chance may in the last days of registration
intervene to prevent a man from having his name en
rolled. Thus from every point of view it is best to
attend to the duty at ence. •
It is a strange thing that the Democrats, with a dis
credited national platform and Presidential candidate,
and with hardly a hope of success in the contest,
should yet display more political activity than Repub
licans, whose platform and whose leader represent
the prosperity cf the present and the best promise
of the future, sr.d who can look forward to victory in
the city, the State z-ni the nation. Why should Re
publicans be laggard and dilatory in performing the
essential prelim-nary to all the acth'ities of the cam
paign? The voter who does not register disfran
chises himself, throws away his rights as a citizen and
surrenders a privilege which he ought to regard as
cne of the highest thr.t belongs to a freeman.
REGISTRATION in San Francisco up to date
is far from satisfactory, but such as it is shows
more favorable to Democracy than to Repub
licanism. h is evident that, in this city the over san
guine feeling of assured victory of which the ablest
Iinders ha\c warned the party prevails to a dangerous
extent. Of course there is still ample time for all
Republicans to rcg^ter, but none the less the delay
ii a sign of comparative indifference in the matter.
- . «i i_ ' r> wi
lt is an evidence that a large number oi Republicans
have not yet become thoroughly aroused to the im
portance of the issues before them and to a sense of
their political duties.
REGISTER WITHOUT DELAY.
Visitors to the Paris Exposition have been shown
some mercy at least from the piratical tradesmen and
other purveyors of comfort. Four thousand cabmen
have gone on strike and can charge nothing.
A falcon on wheels is the latest innovation to
startle the quiet residents, of the- ultra-respectable
town of Berkeley. But then it must be admitted that
the university town is nothing if not progressive.
— .
Prince Pcpiatowski has secured control of Tanforan*
mcing track. Is it possible that the odorous Cor
ripan has nt last been convinced that Californians are
stubborn enough to insist to the end upon decent
sport in their midst?
The Police Commissioners have fixed the price at
which one may punch the head of a police sergeant.-
If a bellicerent is a policeman the penalty is $ioo; if
net. the attendants r.t the Receiving Hospital may
shed some light on the subject.
Tndsre Cabani«s has found some difficulty in securing
tritncfses from the Penthouse in a case in his court.
Why not delegate his authority to the bubonic Board
of Health and send the distinguished members for an
indefinite stay at the residence of the witnesses?
Some of the professors who are being imported from
the Ea?t to take po?itions at the University of Cali
fornia are demonstrating the remarkable fact that be
fore they c?n teach C^Hfornians in some branches of
practical education they must instruct themselves.
United States Judge de Haven is rapidly demon
ttrzting that comparisons in administrations are
odious, particularly v.hcn it comes to the considera
tion cf z-lmond-eycd "native daughters." Most of
the ladies are enjoying ocean voyages back to China
at the expense of the Pacific Mail.
«rf^ (Tail,
I
= \TURD\V ALGLST 18, igoo
;-"* * * u " " " " • -
JOHN D. SPF?^£j^^_^ r °P rietof ;
Md-tss A'i Ccmfminici'iorsto w - & LEAKE. Managw.
«A>AGtm*S OFFICE T il^^£°1 1*55 ""-^^
i^ToiaCAXIOs' OFFICE. ,JIark»t »"« Tl»ir«t. S. V.
Telcpiioar l*re«« -Ol.
EDITORIAL HOOM« 217 ««> 221 Bterenion St.
Telephone Pie«» 2O2.
Dcll-rrrrC br Carrier-. 13 On«* Per Week.
«*25"!i» Cople«. R Cent".
TVrrn» by Moll. Including: 1'oitncei
DAIT^T CALL i irc :•;<*. in s S'jn«3«y). cr.» r*ar *«¦«
JJA1LT CALL «',r.c:u<!Jr.K gun<1*r>. € months **>
DAM.V CALL «!nclu(jir.ff fcuriay), t mentis 1-M
J->AILY CAUz-Hv S:rc;e Msctb ~. ««
F»WI>AT CAi.I, One Year J-»
FEtXLT CALL One Veer L00
Ali postzuaatera nrc nnthorlzed to recelT*
ftubitcrlpttona.
E&jrsile cccles * .11 te fcrwaided when requested.
ile'.l rub»cr;b«*rf< In <t::«t!t.c chanj« of a<JCre«ia shcraia b*
pa-r.r-j'.ar to trU* bits tCEW AN'D OL.D ADDKEHS la order
to tc*u.-* a. prcicpt end correct cornpliajac« with their requeat.
o^!vLA.NU OFFICE 1X16 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGNESS, *
Vartajer Foreign Ad"ertisin^. Warquetto Building, Chicago.
Ocit Dletance Telephone "Central 2tli."t
KE"W TORK CORRESPONDENT?
C C. CXRLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPREfiENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SWiTH 33 Tnbuns Building
CHICAOO NEWS 6TAXDS:
Ermrin Boon; P. O. Newt Co.; Great Nortfctrn Hotel;
rreacat Ucusc. Auditorium Hotel.
NT.T TOBK KXWI STA2TDS:
CTeiicrf-Ari< rta Hotel; A. lircauno, tt UbJos Bqnan;1
Kczrajr hill Hctel.
WASHINGTON «O. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotel'
MORTON t. CRANE, Correcpandtnt.
KIIATJCH OFFlCES-r^ Mon{pcn:ery. corner of Clay, opoa
uat*: S:S9 o"clcck. 300 Hayea, open until 9:J3 o" clock. CSS
McAllister, cp.n until SI9 o'clock. C:i Iiarkin, or<n until
1:23 o'clock. [Ml Mission, open until 13 o"c!ock. 22€1 Market,
corner Sirt^rr.h. cj>en ur.tll 9 o'clock. 10SC Valencia. op«n
until 3 o'clock. 10C Bleverth, cr>cn until 3 o'clock. NW cf/e
aer Tres.ty-8ec'.r.(i aad Kentucky, open until 8 o'clock.
I N the -collection of Oriental Idols be-
I longing to James E. Rlchardsonof New
I York is one with a curious history.
Cast at Shwebo, in upper Burmah, In
the early decades of the eighteenth
century, it was exported to Havre, in
French Tonquin. For perhaps ten years,
according to native accounts, it stood un
noticed at the temple Kuan-Yin. During
the destruction of that edifice by fire, In
which most of the idols were lost, it was
saved by a priest, and as the temple was
not immediately rebuilt remained in his
possession for several years. During sec
tarian troubles the priest fled to the coast,
taking with him the idol. At a small vil
lage he found an isolated band of Bud
dhists, who hailed with joy the advent of
a priest, and the image was Installed in a
tiny temple on the shores of the Gulf of
Tonquin. From the time of the priest's
arrival the little community seemed to
prosper and wonderful cures of dread dis
eases wore ascribed to the influence of
the little idol.
In the year 1750 the French bark rEsper
ance lay" in the Gulf of Tonquin. Some of
her crew having been given shore leave.
discovered the little shrine, and in the twi
light of the interior, mistaking tho semi
precious stor.es and tiny metal mirrors set
Sn the cincture which garlanded the calm
brows of the god for jewels of price, plot
tod to ravish the shrine and steal the im
age. Late that night a boat set out from
l'Ksperance and under cover of darkness
the conspirators pained the shore. The
temple was reached without incident, and
one Jean Pitou. the boatswain, walking
boldly to the front of the apparently de
serted temple and followed by the rest of
the men, plucked the bronze from its
pedestal. He then dropped it into the open
mouth of a hag held in readiness by the
ship's bow While the robbers were quiet
ly chuckling among themselves at their
success something leaped forth from the
gloom, and Pitou. with a sobbing cry. fell,
stabbed to the heart. Instantly the little
temple was alive with men, who grappled
with the sailors. One of the latter whipped
the sack from the hands of the boy and
ran for his life. The ship'3 boy was quick
ly dispatched and his shrill cries rang
through the night. Two others of the
party rt-mained: one of these, in his con
fusion, ran directly away from the b*ach
and apparently escaped, while the last of
the party was stabbed In the abdomen.
Two men had been left in charge of the
beached boat, and as the hunted sailor,
still incumbered with his bag, came leap
ing down the beach pursued by a half
dozen of the lightly sleeping and now
thoroughly aroused natives, frenzied at
the Indignity offered their divinity, the
sailors on the boat fired, but without ef
fect. The fugitive threw the bag into the
boat and* putting his shoulder to the bow
pushed her off into the water. The men
in her sprang to their cars and pulled clear
just as a mighty stroke from the short
sword of the foremost in pursuit clove the
last of the unfortunate men from crown
to chin. The others in the boat reached
the ship in safety, and just a3 dawn was
breaking the sailor who had run Into the
woods swam back to the ship, recounting
how the crew had beer, butchered.
Those on board were horror-struck, anclv
Ignorant, superstitious marines. thev
thought the idol had been the cause of all
their misfortunes, and would have thrown
it overheard had not the captain, Mario
Robert Montfaucoxi. confiscated It. When
he reached Havre he found from a dealer
in gems that the stones with which it had
been garnished were of little value. He
sold It to an English collector of curio*,
from whom It descended to ita last own
er who presented It to Mr. Richardson.
The idol is of rich, reddish bronze, about
twenty inches in diameter, partly hollow
and wejghinff perhaps thirty pound3. It
represents the personage known to West
ern thought as the Buda Sakya-Munl. It
sits with crossed legs in the Mundra Vajm.
Palana. or the pose in which Images of
the Buddha are most frequently repre
sented. The tilak. or mark in the center
of the forehead so common in Japanese
Buddhas. la wanting, and the figure sin
upon a plain pertestal instead of upon the
Ictus fiower of the Japanese Sakya. Tr.e
coronal about the brows, as has been said,
is set with stores, but half of it was
broken away when It was thrown Into the
beat The eyes are of -white enamel, with
black pupils, and present this peculiarity,
that when viewed from a distance of sev
eral paces they appear to look away frorci
the observer, but when seen from a yard's
distance they lnok directly Into the eyes
with an expression at onco calm and god
like, sinister and cruel, mocking and sar-
THE WORST FOLLY YET.
AEDSUMMER madness appears to be raging in
the camp of the mugwumps this year with
unsurpassed fury. A greater number of them
than ever before are as mad as March hares, and
their madness takes on a sufficient variety of forms to
slock a lunatic asylum. Some of them wish to start
a "Third party," notwithstanding there are already ten
Presidential tickets 211 the field; some declare they
will vote for Bryan, notwithstanding they are op
posed to his party and his platform, and now a new
set come forward with a proposition to cast the mug
wump vote for McKinley for President and Bryanites
for Congress.
The last named movement has its headquarters at
Washington. The New York Commercial Adver
tiser quotes a correspondent from the capital as say
ing: "Of all recent publications on the subject of the
national campaign, the one which has made the
deepest impression upon the political managers on
both sides here is the letter of Charles Francis Adams,
suggesting the election of McKinley and a Demo
cratic House of Representatives. Already, it is un
derstood, money has been coming in to the Demo
cratic Congressional Campaign Committee from dis
satisfied Republicans. This movement began before
the publication of Mr. Adams' letter, but that docu
ment has done much to stimulate it."
We believe this to be about the worst folly in
which mugwumpery is engaged. It is at any rate the
cue that will be most dangerous if it be carried out
on anything like an extensive scale. The control of
the House of Representatives is the danger point of
the contest, and there are many districts where the
votes of a comparatively few discontented Republi
cans cast for Bryan candidates might result in the
election of a Democratic House. The country would
then have a divided Government, and all the great
measures which the Republicans have devised for pro
moting national progress, and which should be en
acted by. the next Congress, would be postponed for
years.
-The man who in this contest contributes to the suc
cess of the Bryan candidate for Congress in any dis
trict may call himself a "dissatisfied Republican," but
he will be anything rc-ther than a Republican. He
will be just as much a supporter of free silver, free
trade, national socialism and all the other Populist
fads of the time as if he supported Bryan himself.
The issues of the contest cannot be divided. The
man who is contented with the progress the country
is making under the present administration, and who
will vote and work to maintain the administration in
order that prosperity may increase for years to come
as it has done ever since McKinley was elected, is a
Republican; but all else are virtually Bryanites. In
other words, there ire no discontented Republicans,
and can be none, for "discontent" is the watchword
of Bryanism.
QUEER CURIO THAT COST
LIVES OF THE LOOTERS
declared by British anarchists to be absolutely in
applicable as far as this country is concerned. They
justify their use abroad, in Russia, Italy and Spain,
on account of the tremendous despotism, military
and otherwise, in those countries." The Walsall an
archists declafe'd that their bombs were manufactured
for use in Russia. Martial Bourdin met his death not
in trying to blow up Greenwich Hospital, but in try
ing to get rid of a dangerous explosive. The attack
on the Prince of Wales by Sipido was strongly con
demned. Consequently the . statement that the as
sassination of the King of Italy was made with the as
sent of the 'London committee' is absolutely ridicti
lousl There is no such body."
This distinction between assassination in Great
Britain and assassination abroad is too delicate and
subtle to last long. Men who approve the killing of
foreign rulers will not long be averse to killing their
own. Up to this time the British anarchist may be a
very mild mannered man, but all the same it will pay
the Government to crush him and all his kind before
the inevitable development "of his ideas renders him as
dangerous to society as are the anarchists of Russia.
Spain or Italy. ¦:';, V\ .
£Z^ROM Bryan's speeches the Boston Advertiser
j has compiled a- number of statements as to what
would be the condition of the trade, the indus
tries and the general affairs of the people at this
time had Bryan's predictions of 1896 proven true.
They make interesting reading, for they not only re
call to the public the character of the canvass the boy
orator made four years ago, but they show how in
competent he is to pass judgment upon economic
or political tendencies. They are therefore timely and
pertinent to the campaign of this year, for they re
veal how little confidence can be placed upon the
doctrines and predictions of the free silver champion.
In the course of his speeches Bryan said the estab
lishment 01 the gold standard would increase the pur
chasing power of the dollar; that prices would fall
as certainly as a stone falls when it is thrown in the
air; that the debts of the people would increase and
the ability of the people to pay them would lessen;
that times would become harder and harder; that
everybody would suffer except the money-changers
and money-lenders; that bread which one man earns
would be transferred to another who had not earned
it; that the rich would become richer and the poor
poorer; that it would decrease the number of the pros
perous and increase the number of the miserable;
that it would diminish the volume of standard money,
the opportunities for labor and the wages of working
men, and that it would discourage thrift, enterprise,
industry and all the forces that tend to the prosperity
of the people.
Such are some of the many predictions of the
prophet of free silver. How far they are from de
scribing the conditions of the country to-day all the
world knows. Never before were there so many op-
portunities for labor, never was enterprise more ac
tive, work more abundant or wages better. In all
parts of the Union and in all lines of industry times
have improved steadily ever since McKinley was
elected. Money circulates freely, mortgages have been
paid off and new shops, stores, factories and homes
are being erected. In brief, the things Bryan declared
ivould happen have not happened, but the things he
declared would not happen are the things that have
come to pass.
The fplendid results of the industries of the people
carried on upon the firm foundation, of the xjold stan
dard and under the influence of a comprehensive sys
tem of protection are shown deadly in the foreign
trade of the country during the past year. Accord
ing to recently published statistics of the Treasury
Department the total value of imports and exports
for the year ending June 30 exceeds for the first time
in our history the sum of $2,000,000,000. The year's
trade shows an increase of ?3io,-2Q.25o over that of
any preceding year; was more widely distributed ovor
the globe than ever before, and the export of manu
factured articles shows the same astonishing and
gratifying rate of increase as in the past few years.
The total imports amounted to $849,714,670, while the
export? were valued at $1,394,186,371. of which the
manufactures amounted to $432,284,366, against $339.
675.558 in the preceding year. The total exports of
the past year, amounting to $1,394,186,371, were fot:r
times as great as the exports of i860, which amounted
to $333,000,000, while the exports of manufactures
were more than ten times as large as the exports of
manufactured articles in i860, which amounted to
but $40,000,000.
The vast increase in the exports of manufactured
goods shows how beneficial has been that protective
system which enabled us to build up our manufac
turing industry; and, as they have been paid for in
gold or on the gold basis, it will be seen how mucb
we have profited by rejecting Bryan's policy that
would have made silver the standard of our currency.
Mr. Bryan is making another campaign of
prophecy. He is as prolific of predictions now as he
was four years ago. Perhaps some people will still
believe in him, but the vast majority will not. They
have heard him prophesy before.
A DISCREDITED PROPHET.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGU^r IS, 1SJUU.
Postoffice Official Visiting.
D. Wallace Duncan, chief r of the book
keeping division, .office of the auditor,
Postofflce Department/Washlngton. D.C.,
is .visiting; the postofflce in this city and
jr.akiiu: a routine examination thereof.
A Talk With Young Men.
An interesting service for men will be
held at' the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation. Mason and Ellis streets, tomor
row afternoon. Secretary McCoy will
speak on "The Amusements of Young
Men. ¦•¦• The .service ¦¦opens promptly at A
o'clock, and all young men are invited.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Ex-Judge Solon Hall of Sacramento Is
at the Grand.
W. P. Hussey, a lumber king of Indian
apolis, is at the grand.
F. Harbouneau, a wealthy miner of
Dawson, is at the Palace.
D. C. Wilgins, a well-known resident of
Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
J. J. Stevens, a Woodland capitalist,
and his wife arc guests of the Grand.
Charles Francee, a prominent merchant
of Salinas, is registered at the Grand.
It! Forsyth, a prominent citizen of Santa
Rosa, accompanied by his wife, is at the
Grand. '_ \X ¦ i.
6
FOR CALL READERS.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Jvogoro TaKanira, me new Japanese
Minister to this country, plays golf.
The Prince of Wales has been presented
by a British officer with the sword which
General Cronje wore during the early
part of ths Boer war.
Dogs in Hamburg are taxed according
to size— the bigger the dog the higher the
tax.
In the United States and Canada there
are SG0.C04 Odd Fellows and 837,335 Free
Masons.
A curious butterfly exists in India. Th?
male has the left wing yellow and the
right one red; the female has these colors
reversed.
"Cycllste" and "cyclisrne" have been ac
cepted as dictionary words by the French
Academy after a hard struggle, accord
ing to the London Daily Telegraph.
The choir boys of St. George's Chapel,
Windsor Castle, in accordance with an
cient custom, have the right to claim 5
shillings as "spur money" from any mili
tary man wearing hi3 spurs In church
during .services.
ONE-CENT PIECE— G. W., Benton,
Cal. A one-cent piece of 1793 commands
from dealers a premium of from 4 to It '
cents. s
THE GAME OP DRAW* PEDRO— P. C.
J., Fruitvale, Cal. In counting in the
game of draw pedro the rule is high, low, I
jack, game and pedro. ,
FROGS— M. C. Red Bluff, Cal. The fol- |
lowing is about the best literature on
frogs: "Frog Culture and Fish Hatching,"
by ,-BarnweII. Roosevelt & Seth Green.
Rochester, N. Y.. 1S79: "The Common
Frog," issued by Macmlllan, 1S74; and "The
Anatomy of the Frog," by Dr. "Alexander
Ecker, Clarendon Press. Oxford, 1SSD.
RANK IN THE ARMT— A. 8., Lock
wood, Cal. Official rank In the United
Stages army is as follows: General and
lieutenant general, when created: major
general, brigadier general, colonel, lieu
tenant colonel. , major,, captain; first lieu
tenant, second lieutenant, sergeant, cor-
THE TRIUMPH OF OUR WINES
RELIC PAID FOB IN HTJMAN LIVES.
The Call dops not hold Itseli responsible tor j
the opinions published in thla column, but
pree^r.ts them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general interest.
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: In your is
sue of August 4 I read Mr. William II.
Mills' letter about our California wines
at the Paris Exposition.
That subject may be readable, but to j
a great many people not thoroughly con- j
versant with wine and its nature may i
add a second black eye to the first not
thankfully received and yet sorely felt.
The French commissioners on award*
have refused to accept our wines because i
they were exhibited under French labels ;
and' names similar to those of France, |
pli upon the complaint of a wine grower j
from Burgundy, France. I declare that j
it is only a subterfuge to exclude the best
of our brands of wines by petty jealousy j
dictated by the French awards commi?- j
sioncrs. :
The California wines shipped to the
French Exposition were not entered as ,
••French wines" and were not imitation
or falsification of them. They were not
under French labels. A French .label.-
c O called, is a square piece of paper with
the name of the wine contained in the
bottle to which it is attached; the label
also bears the place of production, the
name of the grower and his address.
Our labels (Califorriian-American la
bels) are likewise a piece of paper ami
have a similar inscription on them, ine
"address" stumps the French label to be
French, and our labels, with the address
! on them also stamp our wines to be
American; therefore they arc not at
tempts at imitation or counterfeiting the
products of other countries. .
If our wines were to be placed in com
petition against the world (and they were
£ent for that purpose) how could our
prrowvrs do otherwise than calling, say,
"Burgundy," a wine made from a."Pinot
grape"? if the exhibitor called that wine
"red wins from Pinot grape" he would
ju«t as well have been disqualified to com
pete as If he had ured the name of the
vine made out of the Burgundy grape.
But his label carries his name and address
and the name "California" Just as the
French grower's label carries the origin
i of the French wine.
The California wine growers were so
certain that their wines were goon tnat
they bolilly and justly entered them in
competition and without fear against any
'.vine of the same name, whether it was
French or Chinese. The California wine
grower knows he is now in the first line
with hi* wine, and therefore does not
have the least desire to be unfair.
The act of rffusir.fr to consider our
wines for award cannot be regarded but
as a fear that the wines would have car
r'ed the high colors, and therefore brought
a less value upon the French wines ami
the trade thereof. The impetus such glory
would have given to our wines was also
to be feared, so any pretext was pood to
erase our name "in full" from the lift of
wines and ignore California as a wine
raising country, of the most remarkable
merit.
"We sent wines to the Paris Exposition
cure wines, made out of pure, true grape
and with the names of the wines those
grapes are cultivated for. Our soil is su
perb, rich and essentially adapted to viti
culture; our climate is better fitted for
v-.-ir.f-srowir.gr than any soil in the world,
France included. When I say pure wine,
I mean that to ferment our wine we have
not to buy sugar from the refinery to add
to the '"must" to obtain a regular fer
mentation and alcoholic strength. To our
soil we need not yearly spend a fortune
in manure to obtain one or two tons of
crapes per acre. Our wines need no addi
tional spirit and doctoring to make them
salable abroad; those of Europe are gen
erally treated bffore they are exported.
We don't imitate France, nor any coun
trv and we do not need to; but we make
wine out of Imported French cuttings or
French stock. I do not see why we should
change the name of the produce such
Grapes insure us.
The French Commissioners had the
right to order us out of the competition,
but they should have warned us about the
labels in their invitation. The idea of
them sending us an invitation to nrins
over our wines and then allowing then,
to be entered, tasted and finally to find a
clerical disqualification and no way to pass
over it except to honor their own is a fact
the world will, we hope, investigate. Our
wines will new have to be sold upon their
own merit, and "merit" i3 always the best
award, because it carries the world to en
thusiasm, and our wines will surely re
ceive the world's recognition.
CAPTAIN J. CH. DE ST. HUBERT.
San Frnnrlseo. Aue. 16. 1000.
AMUSZJBJiKTS.
A'.rarar— "A Pult of f-ab!p. #t
Columbia — "Thp Adventures cf the Lady Ursula."
Oryh«?'Jrr. — Vaudeville.
Grand < ';>«-ra-hrus< — "Trilby."
Caiifcn la— "The lirownJej In Fairyland."
Tiv. -:i— • <n'-.n-.."
©:>-mpia, correr Mason ar.a Ed4y streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo :-.v.i TLf-ater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fiecber't— Vavipvillo.
R*»-reat!on Park— KasPball.
Futro IJaths— Onrri night*.
?t?t<? Fair, Bicramento^-Septoaber 3 to 15.
A O CTXOX SALES.
Uy Einll Cchn— Monday. August 20. Nursery, at 11S7 Mar-
ket etn-« 1.
Peanut crisps. Townrend's, 6S0, Palace. •
Splendid Cal. slace cherries. Towr.send's. •
Delicious pineapples at Townsend's. •
~«~
•Cream kisses. Tovrr.scnd's. 6C3. Palace.*
Butter scotch, butter lof?3.ctiram««!!». mo-
lasses buttercups. Towr.scmrs,620,Palaee.»
Townsend'3 California glace fruits, tOc
a pound in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 6C3 Market street. Palace Hotel. •
Special information supplied dally to
business housos and public men bv the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allan's). BIO Mont-
gomery Et. Telephone Main 1042. •
The lar?re German dockyards are kept
so busy building warships that fears are
beinsj expressed that It will soon be neces-
sary to have merchant vessels built
abroad. :.: : '
NOB.T.IIEBN PACIFIC RAILWAY
Cheap Rates to. Chicago and Beturn.
On the 21st and ZZA lnst., -when purchasing
tickets to Chicago and return, be careful th-U
they r-ad one way via the Northern Pacing
Railway. The only line running to the Yel-
lowstone Park. Inquire for Information of T.
K. Stateler, General Agent. 623 Market St..
next to Chronicl'J bulldlnff.
Chicago and Beturn S72 50.
Tickets on sale August 21 and 22, good for
return within sixty days. Only W-i hours to
Chicago on the "Overland Limited," via the
Union Pacific Railway. 1 Montgomery St.. San
Francl.'co.
The 5anta Fe will sell tickets to Chicago
and return on Ausust 21 and 22 at the »ery
low ra:e of XVI 10, eood for sixty days. This
is a very low rate and la open for all. They
¦will tell you all about It at «C3 Market street.
The best regulator of the digestive organs
and the best appetizer known la Dr. Slecerfs
Angostura Bitten.. Try tt.
Slam's Crown Prince, who 13 studying
at Oxford, is bound to be an up-to-date
potentate like his father. He recently
developed appendicitis, and en loved the
modern operation for that misfortune.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mall3 t
cn Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. n. 3IERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Clanis E*.
CCAL. CORK *JO FI3 1HOX
T r TVII Srj\' * ffl 9<x> Ba " e nr Str«-t.
k -y- IIILJUJ i w-.Ttiephone Mala is«fc.
; Cc:PPF.ri-MlTK.
C W CMlTiT shI P riumbtns. Steamboat an.l
V- «• J.'lilU. Ehip Worlc a specialty. 1» and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main L84L
ELECTRICAL.
r>. D. wass.
E'ectrtcal Enetnc^r. 38 &»*t St.
FRHSH AM> SALT MEATS.
JAS- liWlEj <* clay. Tel. Mala 1»4.
QALVANIZ1N3 AND METALS.
MTk. & D»al»r tn l!««ta!s & Galvanizing. JOHN
FIXN METAl. WORKS. SIS Howard at.
HAR^E-»S DRESSINO.
"PALO ALTO." E*3t lcathir prfserrer on
I esrth. Ijc. Robinscn Chem. Co.. 1163 Hc.v.ir 1
L1THOGRAPH1NQ.
I Union Uthograph Co.. Si; Sar.iorae st.. Art!»t!3
Lithograph??* a^J Printsra. Ooverr.rr.ent Ll-
• cetsee for Imprtntinc nf Revenue Stims.
METAL.
Extra linotype uncl stereotype metal. Paclfla
Metal Works. 137-9 First «t.. 5=an FrancMco.
OILS.
LUER1CAT1XO O1I.S. LEOSAKD * El*.
I IAS. *l% Front St.. S. F. Phong Main 1719.
PAINTS.
1 Cylinder & Lubricatins; Oils. S>?h.-i»ii>r # « Mining
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 3 Front. 3^ V.
i; /?- KJTfiSCr PRINTER.
|. t- fil'^nt^. S» Sansora* tt.. 3. P.
I PRINT R->S. BOOKBINDERS.
. THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
n First st. San Francsco.
STATIONB1 AND PRINTED.
. Telegraphic P*PTJ}?nfiP JOS California
Codes. r Ah I lilyUC ltr eet
• WfiJTfi ASH STEA31 COAL, E^ A ?^
• I>IAilONI> COAI> MINING CO.. at Its GREI*V
• ( RJVEU COLLIERIES. U the Be»t Coal la ta»
i market. OIflc« and Yards— CO Mnin »tr*«».DIED.
PEREZ— In this city, AuetiBt 17, 1900, Victoria,
wife of John Perez of Santa Cruz, a native of
San Juan, San Benito County, Cal.. aged 23
years. .
At a meeting of the Old Friends ' on
Thursday night Melville Hermann was
elected. president, vice H. C. Tremont^ re
signed. The : society will observe 'Admis
sion day with a picnic and ball at Sausa-
Uto., J. E. Sllnkey, Dr. F. F. Lord and
L. G. Schord were appointed; a committee
of arrangements.
Old . Friends'. New President.
To the disappointment of the Attorney
General, who Is representing the people in
the case against .Wells,' Fargo & Co., the
Supreme Court continued the war tax case
yeaterday^to September 5. ?--*y-
People Still Pay War Taxes.
J, W. Martin has sued, the Market-street
Railroad Company for $5000 damages for
personal injuries sustained in an accident
at Third and • Silver ! streets on ¦ February
9 last. '
Eva and Irene. Zuckerman have
sued the Market-street Railway Company
and the People's Express . Company to re
cover $50,000 damages for ; the death of
Alphonse Zuckerman,' who ; ,was ¦ killed on
March 1 31 in a collision between a car of
the first named and a wagon : of. : the last
named corporation.
Two Suits Against Railroad.
Richard Long, an eleven-year-old : boy,
while playing In a planing mill at 514 Fifth
street yesterday afternoon, was viciously
attacked by Charles Muranti, the watch
man. After severely beating him Muranti
picked up a wooden pitchfork and hurled
ft at the boy, one of the prongs striking
him in the left eye, cutting the lid and in
juring the sight. The boy was Immedi
ately removed to the Receiving Hospital,
where the injury was temporarily dressed.
Muranti was afterward arrested by Police
Officer Eskew and charged with- an as
sault with a deadly weapon, *
He Used a Pitchfork.
John Offerman, an old man living at 1004
"Washington'. street; was thrown from his
biitfgy on Mission street yesterday after
neon. He was in the act of turning off the
track when a car struck the rear of the
bui.-gy. His right collarbone was frac
tureti and his scalp and eyebrow lacerated.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
Thrown From His Buggy.
Battered a Boy.
Frank Ramsey, condnrtor on the Mis
rlon street line, who was convicted of
knocking down and kicking James TUy
r.olds. a Ixiy. was sentenced by Judge Ca
baniss Yesterday to pay a fine of $80. No
tice of* appeal was given and the bonds
f.x.d at fcoo, which wa3 promptly forth
coming.
William Green, an Aged Stranger,
Commits Suicide in a I*odging-
William Green, whose - history is un
known to the JItrgue officials, committed
suicide by asphyxiation by gas In a
room in the Hancock House, 781 Mission
street, yesterday morning.
Green registered at the house on Thurs
day evening and went to bed. He did not
respond to call yesterday afternoon and
when the door of his room was broken
open he was found on the bed dead. Gas
was flowing from the Jet and the air in
the room was stifling.
The crevices about the doors and win
dows had been plugged with paper :and
even the drain pipe In the - stationary
basin had been closed. From appearances
the man was about sixty years of age.
He had but 20 cents In coin In his pockets.
TURNS ON THE GAS
AND ENDS HIS LIFE
Louis Kaiser, Consul of Mazatlan. vis
ited the chambers of the Board of Super
visors yesterday and desired to turn over
to the city the sum of $394 73 which was
bequeathed to the city of San Francisco
by Mrs. Antonio Vcrdugo de Verdugo, who
recently died in Cullacan. Mazatlan. The
Information regarding the bequest was
conveyed to the Consul by Jorge Tellaeche.
the administrator of the estate, but fbr
what purpose it was made by Mrs. de
Verdugo was not stated In the communi
cation. As no one claimed to have the
authority to receive the money on the
part of the city. Kaiser left the chamber,
promising to call again, as he says he
wants to get rid of the money.
Bequest to the City Goes Begging.
Board of Public Works Invites Bid3
for the Proposed Im
provement.
Another very important improvement
will shortly.be commenced in the filling: in
of what is known as Trocadero Gulch.
The Board of Public Works at a meeting
yesterday directed the secretary to Invite
proposals for, the work, the -contract for
which will^be awarded to the lowest bid
der. Jhe property.; owners in '.the', vicinity
of the proposed improvement have already
expended over $10,000 in putting the adjoin
ing property in good condition. The sum
of $10,000 has been appropriated by the Su
pervisors to make the gulch passab'U. '.
The board denied the protest of property
owners on Francisco street against, tne
recommendation, of : the Board of- Health
that . a twelve-inch stone pipe sewer be
placed in one block on the thoroughfare
as'a sanitary measure; Bids- will > be-in
vited immediately after the Board of Su
pervisors has passed the necessary ordi
nance. SBKn^^^ ¦
TROCADERO GULCH WILL
SOON BE FILLED IN
H- Hudson on the Wizard of
the North.
St. Andrew's Society celebrated the one
hundred and twenty-ninth anniversary of
the birthday of Sir Walter Scott in Scot
tish Hall last night. There was a large
attendance. • The principal event of the
evening was a lecture by W. H. Hudson,
professor of English literature in Stanford
University, on "The Making of a Poet."
The lecture was most intensely interest
ing, and at its conclusion the lecturer was
loudly applauded.
A concert followed, which was thor
oughly enjoyed. A quartet, "Hall to the
Chief," was sung by Mrs. Isella Van Pelt,
Miss Mary Chester Williams, Alfred Wil
kie and Alexander Mennle. It was fol
lowed by a song, "Hush Thee, My Baby,"
by Mrs. Van Pelt; F.onss, "The Macgreg
ors' Gatherlnc" and "My Pretty Jane."
bv Alfred Wilkie; song, "Within a Mile
o Edinboro' Town," by Miss -Williams,
and duet, "When Ye Gang Awa', Jamie,"
by Mr. Wilkie and Miss Williams. The
entertainment concluded with a number of
views thrown on a screen, chiefly of Scot
tish scenery referred to in Scott's works.
Interesting Lecture by Professor W.
CELEBRATION OF THE
SCOTT ANNIVERSARY
THE LATE GENERAL. JOHN
HEUSTON JR.
Rowley Heuston. The funeral arrange
ments will be made to-morrow.
Warren B. Josselyn Arrested for Ob
taining Money From a Girl by
False Pretenses.
Warren B. Josselyn, an attorney from
Santa Cruz, is accused of trifling with the
affections of Nina Cadoman, a hard-work
ing girl, and obtaining from her $250 by
false representations. The girl used to
live at 427 O'Farrell street, but is now
employed at 2111 Pine street.
Josselyn was arrested about a week ago
on complaint of' the girl. He was
accused of stealing her sliver watch
on January 23 last and pawning
It. The case was called before Judge Ca
banlss yesterday afternoon, but was not
concluded, and will be heard again to-day.
After the girl had given her evidence she
swore, to a complaint charging Josselyn
with a felony in obtaining the $250 from
her by false pretenses. Josselyn had left
the courtroom before the complaint was
sworn to, but he was overhauled on Mc-
Allister street by Detectives Dillon and
McMahon and was locked up in the City
Prison.
The girl said she was Introduced to Jos
selyn about a year ago in this city by a
lady friend. He often visited her and daz
zled her with the tale that he owned land
in Santa Cruz and Fresno counties and
was an unmarried man. Finally, onf the
premise that he would marry her, she
says, she gave him the money to, as he
said, pay oft the taxes on his land, and
holds jiis notes for the amount. They had
not kept company since last January.
She now alleges that Josselyn has a wife
and four children in Santa Cruz, and is
not the owner of any land either in Santa
Cruz or Fresno County. .
Josselyn gives a general denial to the
girl's allegations, and says he did some
business for her for which he was paid.
Josselyn has been a practicing attorney
In Santa Cruz for about eight years and Is
at present a member of the law firm of.
Josselyn & Houch. He was a candidate I
for District Attorney last election on the
middle-of-the-road Populist ticket. He
has a wife and family in Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ ATTORNEY
IN SERIOUS TROUBLE
GENERAL. JOHN HEUSTON JR.,
one of the most prominent mining
engineers of California, a. pioneer
of this State and for many years
identified with many of the great mining
interests of the Pacific Coast, died sud
denly yesterday afternoon of heart dis
ease at his ranch near Mills College. His
death takes away one of the principal
actors In the early development of Califor
nia. For years his activities were devoted
to various branches of mining, his fir?t
essay into that field having been in the
early '50's, when, shortly after his arrival
in San Francisco, he founded the firm of
Kellpgg. Heuston & Co., mining engineers,
assTd'ersand refiners. i^.T^'7-
Qtneral Heuston was born in Philadel
phia seventy-flve'years ago. At the age of
28 years in 1S53. he was sent to San t ran
cisco by the United States Government to
superintend the construction and installa
tion of the first United States Mint built
in the Golden State. After that work had
been completed General Heuston devoted
his attention to private enterprises, and
both as an owner and an engineer of min
ing properties he became eminent. He was
active In the work of the second vigilance
committee, which in 1856 rid San Fran
cisco of Its disreputabl.3 element. He was
at one time brigadier general, command
ing the old Second Brigade, N. G. C, and
several years ago was a leader in Repub
lican State politics. As a clubman his
name Is on the charter roll of the Bohe
mian Club and he was one of the early
members of the Union League.
Several years ago General Heuston was
attacked by heart trouble, which com
pelled him to retire from active business
affairs. Since that time he had lived
quietly in retirement at his country place,
where he died. He had been for a year
under -the care of Dr. J. H. Todd of Oak
land. A wife and four children survive
him. The latter are John E. Heuston, E.
V. H. Heuston, Anna Kills Heuston and
PROMINENT CALIFORNIAN
CALLED BY GRIM DEATH
"W. R. Clark. ex-Mayor of Stockton, was
arrested yesterday by Deputy United
States Marshal Morse on a warrant Issued
by United States Court Commissioner
Heacock charging him with having vio
lated a Federal statute by causing his em
ployes to work more than eight hours per
day on a Government contract near Fruit
vale. Judge Heacock held him to answer
before the United States Grand Jury.
Ex-Mayor Clark Arrested.
murder of Edjrar R. Krpner on February
IS last war continued before Judge L*w
lor yesterday. The story of Adams' flight
softer 'the commission of the crime was
told in detail by Mrs. Kepner and Con
ductor Watson, on whose train Adams
Bought to make his escape.
Mrs. Krpner testified that shortly after
1 p. m. on the day of the crime, wiien she
was in the rear of her home. 531 Geary
street, she henrd some one hurriedly en
ter the house and leave again in a few
xr.inutes. Adams was rooming in the front
of the house, and believing that it was
he who had made the hurried visit she
¦went to the front window and saw him
hurrying toward Jones street. His actions
recalled a statement her husband had
made to her that he was going to dis
charge Adams, and she feared that some
thing was wrong. She finally dismissed
thfpp thoughts from her mind and re
turned to the rear of the house, and was
busy with her work when Adams again
hurrlM upstairs. He remained but a few
seconds and nsaln rushrd from the house.
She went a«raln to the front window, but
Adams had disappeared.
Jk-ir.g certnin that something was wrong
Ffce df-cicied to cntrr Adams' room and see
if he had taken his revolver. The odor
of whisky was strong in the room when
she entfrt-d. she paid, and in her search
for the revolver she saw some liquor still
remaining in a glass. As she could not
find the revolver she then decided to go to
h«:r husband's shop, on O'Farrell street.
As she was dressing to go she was in
formed of the tragedy, and went instead
to the Receiving Hospital, where her dy
ing husband had been taken.
Conductor Watson said that Adams got
on his train either at Burlingame or San
Mateo It had been raining, and his shoes
and clothes showed that he had been
pplashing through the mud on his way to
the train. Tbe conductor's attention was
attracted to him by his peculiar actions.
"Watson testified that Adams had his col
lar drawn up around his ears, his hat low
down over his eyes and covering his chin
was apparently a handkerchief, leaving
but a small portion of his face exposed.
Adams' trial will be continued Monday.
Conductor Watson Says Kepner's
Slayer Made an Attempt to
Conceal His Face.
The trial of Charles G. Adams for the
TWO WITNESSES TELL OF
CHARLES ADAMS' FLIGHT
After Quarreling With Her Lover
Mary Berres, a Middle-Aged
Woman, Commits Suicide.
Mary Perres, a middle-aged woman,
while despondent last night, swallowed a
dose of carbolic acid and died a short
time afterward In the Receiving Hospital.
The deed was committed in a room in a
lodging-house at 23S Fourth street.
Some time ago Mrs. Perres left her hus
band and went to live with Alfred Gross,
a saloon-keeper. Yesterday morning
Gross, it Is claimed, struck her, after ac
cusing her of being too friendly- with
other men. Determined to separate from
him Mrs. Perres visited the City Hall
and endeavored to obtain a search war
rant for the recovery of her clothes, which
she claimed were being unlawfully held
by Gross. Warrant Clerk Peery, after
listening to her story, refused to issue
a warrant, but gave her a note to Gross,
informing him that unless he allowed her
to take her clothing he would be arrested
and punished.
Mre. Perres delivered the note, but was
unable to get her clothing. After brood
ing over her troubles the unfortunate
voman went to a drug* store in the vicin
ity and purchased a two-ounce phial of
carbolic acid. She then returned to her
room and swallowed the contents. Her
groans attracted the attention of Gross,
who, suspecting something wrong, has
tened to her room and found the woman
lying on the floor In a semi-unconscious
condition. He at once summoned Police
man McCormaek. who had the woman
transferred to the Receiving Hospital.
The husband of the woman is at present
living at Santa Cruz.
DIED FROM A DOSE
OF CARBOLIC ACID
Jilted in love, Nellie Marrion. a young
woman, tried to end her existence last
night by swallowing a quantity of lauda
num at her home, 23 Sixth street. Sh6
was discovered by one of her relatives,
who had her sent to tne Receiving Hos
pital, where she was relieved of the poison
with the aid of a stomach pump. The
woman refused to tell why she tried to
kill herself, except to say that she had
been disappointed in love -and wanted to
die. She will recover.
Tried to End Her Life.
In the season and before long: yon will
wish you had started earlier to frequent
El Campo.* Everybody has a good time,
which accounts for everybody polns
again. The big steamer tkiah makes
three round trips every Sunday, glvlns
one a choice of hour3.
Getting Late
The Commissioners claim the standard
to be the highest in the United States.
The smallest man on the force will be one
and a half Inches taller and twenty-two
pounds heavier than the smallest man on
New York's police force. There are at
present twenty-two vacancies to be filled
and the examinations will be held next
month.
will and untiring energy, and uninfluenced
by the ordinary temptations that affect
men. He made his plan and he followed it
and in whatever he did he showed a mas
ter hand. Dr. Mackenzie referred to the
venturesome four who, with Huntington
at their head, connected the East with
the West by the two narrow threads of
steel which afterward developed into the
great Central Pacific system. This gen
eration, he said, has not elsewhere pro
duced such a company as that four who
spanned the continent.
Following Dr. Mackenzie's address was
the hymn, "Jerusalem, the Golden," by
the quartet, a prayer by the .Rev. D.
Woods, the hymn "Abide With Me," and
the chant "Thy Will Be Done" by the
quartet, a benediction by the Right Rev.
1 ? <$>—+—$> ? ¦§> ? =§>-»-<3> ? <$> * *t> ? <$¦¦¦? 9
Bishop Nichols and an organ postlude by
Otto Fleisner, the organist of the church.
During the day the general offices of the
company and the shops were closed and.
during the hours of the services the
ticket office under the Grand Hotel and
all • the transcontinental offices were
closed.
?
In Memory of the Magnate.
Special Disratch to The Call.
"DEL MONTE, Aug. 17.— At 10:30 this
morning Bennett's band gave a sacred
concert in memory of the dead railroad
magnate, Collis P. Huntington, which was
listened to by a large number of the hotel
guests.
Dr. Mackenzie's address was not a eu
logy of the deceased, nor was it a life
history. It was more an analysis of the
character of C. P. Huntington and of his
effect upon his time.
C. P. Huntington, said Dr. Mackenzie,
stood in the front rank of the generals of
Industry. He was a man of indomitable
dued air of mourning and the sounds of
solemn voice and music, but there were
no black draperies and where under other
circumstances they might have hung in
heavy folds ferns and flowers brightened
the church and the doorways.
The church was opened at half-past 10
o'clock. In ten minutes the seats had
been filled and before the services opened
people were standing around the walls. It
was just 11 o'clock when the organ started
a funeral march and Dr. Mackenzie and
the clergymen assisting him stepped upon
the platform. Then "Our Days Are as a
Shadow" was sung by the double quartet,
and Dr. Voorsanger followed with the. In
vocation. A hymn, "My Faith Looks Up
to Thee," was then givqn, and Rev. Dr.
William Guthrie read some passages from
the Scriptures. Then followed "Jesus,
Lover of My Soul," by the quartet, a
prayer by Rev. Dr. Hudson Miller, a
chant, the One Hundred and Twenty
eighth Psalm, "Blessed Are They Who
Fear the Lord," by the quartet, and the
address by Rev. Dr. Mackenzie.
It was the desire of the officials in
charge of the services to rob them of all
gloom, and in this they succeeded. There
was all the respectful silence, the sub-
All that could be done to honor the
memory of their chief was done by the
employes of the Southern Pacific Com
pany yesterday, who had assembled
at the First Presbyterian Church, cor
ner of Van Ness avenue and Sac
ramento street, and with them at the
services they held were many who knew
C. P. Huntington or were bound to him
by ties commercial or social. They lis
tened to the remarks upon his life by the
Rev. Dr. Mackenzie, they bowed their
heads in the prayers that were offered for
his soul, and as the hymns and anthems
filled the church they sent their thoughts
back to the East, where in fact and in
mournful state the body of the dead man
was being laid away.
Presbyterian Church.
Impressive Services Held in the First
LOCAL MEMORIAL EXERCISES.
cess Hatzfeldt will sail on the Oceanic
from Liverpool on August 22.
merchants' Association Providing for
Public Playgrounds for the
Children of the City.
At the monthly meeting of the directors
of the Merchants' Association yesterday
President Dohrmann presided and Direct
ors Baldwin, Benedict, Bundschu, Cole,
Davis, Keil, Rothschild and Symmes were
present.
The following were elected as members
of the association, making the present to
tal membership 1233: Edward N. Ayers
George E. Dow Pumping Engine Com
§any. Electrical- Engineering Company I.
. Langstadter, A. M. Macpherson. Mitsui
& Co., Morrison Lumber Company St
Nicholas Pharmacy and W. A. Strohmeier
& Co.
It was decided to hold the annual din
ner of the association during the latter
part of November.
The committee on public playgrounds re
ported progress in arrangements for the
establishment of a successful playground
in a populous section of the city.
A ieport was received from the commit
tee on the introduction of desirable street
signs ut the various corners of the public
stret'f3 An experiment was authorized
by the board to ascertain the most feasi
ble and economical method of placing and
constructing these street signs.
UGLY STREET SIGNS
TO BE REMOVED SOON
Held in the First Pres
byterian Church), and Dr.
MacKcQzie Pays a Touch
ing Tribute to the Mem
ory of the "Great General
of Industry."
.
NEW YORK. auk. 17.-The services
at the funeral of the late Collis P.
Huntingdon, at the Fifth-avenue
residence to-day, were marked
with simplicity. They were con
ducted by Rev. A. Woodruff Halsey of
the Presbyterian Board of Missions, in tlie
drawing-room. The pallbearers were I).
O. Mills, Edward King. Frederick P. Ol
cktt, Edwin Hawley. Charles H. Tweed.
Martin Erdmann, R. P. Schwerin and C.
Adolphe Low.
After th© exercises were concluded tfie
casket was carried to the hearse and the
Interment took place later in the Hunt
ln^ton mausoleum at Woodlawn Ceme
tery.
Piers 25, S7 and SS, North River, which
are used by the Morgan Line and the
Southern Pacific Company, were draped
In memory of Mr. Huntingdon.
Among the friends at the funeral were:
Russell Sage, Senator T. C. Platt, Henry
Clews, John H. Smith, president of the
Virginia Manual Training School at
Broa£neck Farm. Va., which was heavily
endowed by Mr. Huntington; Horace See,
chief engineer of the Newport News ship
yard; John T. Van Sickle of the Morgan
Steamship Line, Frank Lathrop. the ar
tist; John Boyd of Washington, President
j3imock of the Metropolitan Steamship
Line; President Allen of the Cromwell
Steamship Line; George Howes of
the Union Pacific Company, D. A.
Chambers of Washington. Dr. and
Mrs. Clinton Catherwood; William
Hood, chief engineer of the South
ern Pacific Company; James Still
man, president of the National City
Hank; William H. Baldwin Jr., president
of the Long Island Railroad; Senator J. P.
Jones of Nevada, J. R. Frizzell, president
cf Hampton Institute, Hampton. Va. ;
Booker T. Washingtcgi of Tuskagee, Ala.:
A. F. Walker, chairman of the board of
directors of the Atchison, Topeka & Santa
Fe Railroad; W. W. Durant, General Sam
uel Thomas. Emil W. Wiedenfeld. S. P.
Kneeland. William E. Dodge. G. C. Ward,
E. H. Harriman. Rev. Dr. Alexander Mc-
Millan, Maxwell Evarts. John H. Searles,
W. M. Salamon of the Baltimore and Ohio
Kailrnad, Philip Thompson of Washing
ton, F. E. Canda, J. Edward Simmons,
president of the Fourth National Bank,
and Mrs. William E. Wilmerding.
A few persons pathered in front of the
rmuse on the opposite side of Fifty-sev
enth street and in Fifth avenue early this
afternoon. Their numbers were gradually
addod to. but at no time did they consti
tute a larjre crowd.
Only half a dozen carriages followed the
hoarse down Fifth avenue toward the
Grand Central station, thence to be taken
to Woodlawn for burial in the family
mausoleum. A special train, consisting of
two cars, left the Grand Central station
a few minutes after noon in charge of
Assistant Superintendent Van Tassel. The
burial was strictly private, only the im
mediate family and its most intimate
friends bfing present.
Second Vice President Tweed of the
Southern Pacific Railroad said to-day
that r.othine concerning the will would
lw> given out for the present. It is likely
the formal reading of the will is to be
postponed until the arrival from Europe
of the Princess Hatzfeldt. It was.an
r.c.unoed to-r.ifrht that the will would be
offered for probate early next week. Prin-
Local Memorial Services fire
Alaoy Noted Mer) in the
World of Finance At
tend the Solemn
Exercises at the fifth
Avenue Residence of
the Deceased.
SERVICES AT THE HUNTINGTON
FUNERAL MARKED BY SIMPLICITY
TROOPS WILL BE
RUSHED THROUGH
ON THE SHERMAN
Big Transport Will Carry
More Than 1600 Sol
diers to Taku.
Soldiers En Route Will Be Sent
Aboard on Their Arrival Here
To-Morro-w and Ship
Will Sail Monday.
The troops now en route, to China ¦will
not tarry long in this city. Fifteen hun
dred men will arrive here on Sunday anil
will sail on the Sherman, which is sched
uled to leave Monday at noon. Contrary
to the usual custom, the Sherman will not
carry any freight for Manila. She will
proceed to Nagasaki, where further orders
will await her arrival. Instead of landing
the troops at Nagasaki, as has been the
custom, it is evidently the Intention of
the department to land them at Taku.
Companies E, F, G and H of the Second
Infantry and Companies I, K, L and M
of the Eighth Infantry, due here to-mor
row, will Bail on the Sherman. Companies
I. K. L and M of the Fifth Infantry, now
In camp at the Presidio, are also booked
for passage on this vessel. The 1600 men
In these three battalions, with the sev
enty-five recruits. 50 Signal Corps men and
a number of civilian employes, will test
the capacity of the big transport.
A flre was discovered on the roof of one
of the wooden barracks at the Presidio
yesterday afternoon. The alarm brought
a large number of soldiers to the spot,
but it required some time to subdue what
was but an Insignificant blaze.
Private "William J. Prendergast. while
running with the flre apparatus, stumbled
and fell and the wheels passed over bis
back, Inflicting severe injuries. He will
be confined to his bed for some time.
A. \V. Dumm, I>. W. Overtoil. J. "W.
Thornton, F. A. Dale, G. E. Henson. J.
Kenan, I* W. Pease. H. Peddlcord. T. W.
Perkins. F. M. "Wells. J. M. Feeney and
J. Pinguard. acting assistant surgeons,
will take passage on the Gaelic for Naga
saki, and from there take passage on an
army transport to Manila.
The man Herzog, in whose store near
the Presidio Government blankets ¦were
found, when taken before Colonel Rawl<?a
yesterday made a remark about knowing
'"where plenty more blankets could be
found." which has caused a move toward
a strict Investigation. If necessary all the
stores near the entrance to the reserva
tion will be searched.
PHYSICAL STANDARD FOR
POLICEMEN IS ADOPTED
Civil Service Commission Adopts a
Schedule of Measurements for
Future Examination.
The Board of Police Commissioners
and the Civil Service Commissioners have
prepared a tabulated statement of the
physical standard for policemen whicS
will govern all who may seek places In
the Police Department. The measurement
schedule follows:
The Publio School Teachers' Annuity
and Retirement Association of San Fran
cisco was organized yesterday in the as
sembly room of the Board of Education.
Deputy Superintendent of Schools Kings
bury presided and Deputy L. A. Jordan
was secretary.
A large number of school teachers
were preeent to take part In the pro
ceedings. The articles cf association ware
read by Louis -de F. Bartlett and were
signed by the following directors, who
were elected earlier In the meeting-: A.
I* Mann, Miss Laura T. Fowler, T. H-
I McCarthy, Mrs. May Pragr, Selden 3:ur
pis. L. A. Jordan, Mrs. E. M. North. Miss
Emma Stlncen and Miss T. C. Stohr.
The directors will crganize In a few
days by electing? officers to serve for the
ensuing term.
The articles of the association show
that the purposes for which It Is formed
apre to procure the passage of legislation
providing for assisting In the retirement
of public Bchool teachers upon annuities
and to create funds therefor.
The by-laws of the organization were
read by Secretary Jordan and provide
that it shall be composed of the members
of the unincorporated "the Public School
Teachers' Annuity and Retirement So
ciety." A fund of $300 is to be set aside
for the purpose of obtaining or preventing
State legislation on the subject of public
school teachers' annuities. All other
moneys except the Income of the per
manent fund shall be placed in a fund
that shall be known as the permanent
fund until such fund shall reacn the sum
of $50,000. The Income from the perma
nent fund and all the income of the as
sociation less the amount of current ex
penses shall be applicable to the payment
of beneficiaries. - These shall be such an
nuitants retired under the act of March
29. 1897, as were in good standing in the
unincorporated society and all persona
retired from the San Francisco School
Department who shall be members In
good standing of the association.
It was decided to meet on Friday after
! noon. August 31. for the purpose of dis
cussing the by-laws and taking a vote
on their adoption.
The financial report of S. Sturgis, treas
urer of the Mayday celebration, showed
the sum of $8949 22 as the net receipts of
I the celebration and of the tournament
$130 10, making a total of $9079 32.
Association Organized to
Take the Place of Old
Society.
Articles of Incorporation Adopted.
By-Laws' Which Provide for Per
manent Fund of $50,000
to Be Voted On.
PROVISION FOR
ANNUITIES OF
THE TEACHERS
- - • • . ¦ . - - - ' -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1900.
> REV. DE. ROBERT MACKENZIE ADDRESSING THE ATTDI
> ENCE AT THE HTTNTINGTON MEMORIAL SERVICES.
7
HEIGHT.
Mln. 1
Wght.
Lbs.
I Max.
Wffht.
Lbs.
]
C
I
M
In
Five feet nine Inches
Five feet ten Incnes
Five feet eleven Inches..:
Six feet
Six feet one Inch
Six feet two Inches
Six feet three Inches
Six feet fcur Inches
. 155
. 160
. 163
. 170
. 173
. 180
. 1S5
. 1S5
[
1S5
190
200
205
210
220
223
230
3«
3*
3T
ss
V)
41
42
HEIGHT.
Mln. 1
Wght.
Lbs.
I Max.
Wffht.
Lbs.
]
C
I
M
In
Five feet nine Inches
Five feet ten Incnes
Five feet eleven Inches..:
Six feet
Six feet one Inch
Six feet two Inches
Six feet three Inches
Six feet fcur Inches
. 155
. 160
. 163
. 170
. 173
. 180
. 1S5
. 1S5
[
1S5
190
200
205
210
220
223
230
3«
3*
3T
ss
V)
41
42
No other soap in
the world is used so
much; or so little of
4 it goes so far.
All sorts of people use Peart' soap, aa sorts
- cf stores sell it, especially druggists.
WILL PLACE ON SALE
THIS DA Y
FXTRAORDINARY BABGfiiS,
IOO LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, 22 inches long, trimmed
with cloth and satin folds, shades castor, navy, mode, tan
and black, value for $10.00, will be placed on O I* Tif\
saleat f dOiUU
100 LADIES' BRAIDED CAPES, 24 inches long, in the
following shades: Tan, navy and wine, ex- Qfk flf\
tra value for $5.00, will be placed on sale at... $Jii 0\j
LADIES' TAILOR - MADE SUITS, shades grays and
browns, value for $8.00, will be offered at . . ffi & "7 C
LADIES will do well to CALL EARLY and make
their selections before the sizes are broken.
W^e can speak with confidence that the above lines are
POSITIVE BARGAINS.
1146 Market Street.Acting under direct orders from Wash
ington, the greatest secrecy was main
tained concerning the men. Nobody was
permitted to enter the barge pflice to-day
except an official. For the ilrst time in
the history of the building newspaper re
porters were excluded. All inquiries
concerning the Italians were met by
equivocations. The very mention of.
"anarchist" seemed to cause the officials
nervousness and great alarm. The men
had been taken to a special room and
there a watch has been constantly kept
over them. They are now under charge
of the Immigration officials.
When the Kaiser Wilhelm reached
Quarantine a cable message was brought
aboard. It was sent from Rome anu
asked the commander of the vessel to de
tain Natoli Moresca. Shortly after that
Chief Hazen of the New York branch of
the secret I service boarded the vessel
and made a thorough scrutiny of the pas
sengers. Hazen and his agents had a
partial description of Moresca and they
placed him under arrest when the oppor
tunity offered. Michael Guido, believed to
be an accomplice of Moresca. was also ar
rested. The men professed to be total
strangers to each other.
Officers of the steamer said to-night
that the secret service agents seemed
to be much excited over the capture.
Upon the arrival of the steamer the
men were handcuffed and under guard of
secret service agents taken to the barge
office at the liattery. The technical
charge made against one of the men was
that no was a lormer convict and as such
could not be admitted to the United
States.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— Two Italians,
who were arrested as they were leaving
the North German Lloyd steamer Kaiser
Wilhelm II last night, are believed to be
concerned In an anarchist plot against the
life of President McKinley. The infor
mation on ' which they were taken into
custody was lodged against them by'the
Italian Government.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Locked Up at the Barge Office and
Guarded by Secret Service
Agents Against Would
: Be Interviewers.
Two Italians" Arrested on
the Steamer Kaiser
Wilhelm II.
SUSPECTED QF
PLANNING TO
KILL McKINLEY
So soon as nature sees an Improvement, there
is a chance. The candle ! gave ' way. to elec
tricity; the FpinnlnK wheel to machinery; the
horse td the automobile. The fact . that ; Ho»
tetter's Stomach Blttem - has been sold for
over half a century proves Its value. ' There
Is nothing' to equal It for stomach or II vrr
trouble. It is nature's own remedy. \ and , the
only one to euro dyepepsla ' or ' weak 'stomach.
Passing of the Horse.
|7 IEUTENANT MARTIN and Police
|! Officer Hurd last evening arrested
ji 3 Harry Corbett, Walter Mclnerny
and William Dalj' and charged
them with violating the poolroom order.
In order tp test the validity of the or-
Jir.ance Corbett agreed to place a bet
»iih a San Jose poolroom on the Calla
lan-Gardncr tight ln Xew York. In the
»r«?6ence of the officers Daly handed Co'r
«ett ti'j and told him to place It on Cal-
lahan. Corbett Informed him- that he
would send the money to San Jose after
ieducting his commission. Daly was jflven
i receipt for the amount and the wager
was at once telegraphed to San Jos<».
Mclnerney. who is a telegraph operator
employed by the poolroom, sent the mes
sage. After he had received an answer
that the money had been placed the offi
cers stepped up and arrested the trio,
rhey were taken to the City Prison but
*-ere at once released on cajsh bail.
Harry Corbett and Two Others Arrested
for Violating the Pool-Selling
Ordinance. *
PLACED THE BET WITH
A SAN JOSE POOLROOM
Tod Sloan in New York.
NEW YORK. Aug. 1".-Tod Sloan was a
p3Fscnfrtr on the Cunard steamer
Lurania, v.-hich arrived from LAverpool to
r.ipht.
American League Games.
RA!C8A8 CITY, Aug. 17.— Kansas City, 18
ri?I< •.-»<;<-. Auk. :7.— Chicagro-Milwauk-?*
r:. >•••¦ i«>«t|"on<»d; rain.
P.fFFALO, Aug. 17.— Buffalo. 1; Indlanap-
Olis. i.
CLEVELAND. Aug. 17.— Cleveland, 7; De
troit. 3.
CINCn-'NATI. Aup. 17.— In the eighth Inning
to-day Thcma* fculed oft" ten halls or m«re.
Phillips protested, but Krr.clle would not allow
the rlairrs. The lie parsed between Phillips
end Thnmas and the former knocked the lat
ter Jwn with a ri«rht hook on the Jaw. At
t<>ndan<-e, 1200. Score:
Clubo— R. H. E.
fiicinnptl 5 15 3
I'hUa.lr-lphia 4 9 1
Batteries— Phillips. Newton and Peitz, Ka
fne; IVmahue, McFarland and Murphy. tTm-
Iitre — EtriFlie.
PITTSBUBO, Aua-. 17.— Pittsbun? won in th-
firyt ir.r.ing by h'.ttln? Kitson hard and takinj?
fidvantage of hie wlldness. Attendance, 3300.
6oore:
Clul>s— K. H. E.
Pittsburg 3 9 0
Brooklyn 3 12 3
Ur-tteries — Leevrr and Schrlver; Kitson and
McOuire. fmrire — O'Day.
PT. LOUIS, Autt. 17.— Powell was in rjj)erb
form t<»-ilay. He was i>erfc-ctly supported. At
tendance. UOa. ficore:
riuht, — R. H. E.
Ft. Louis J. 7 8 1
Boston 1 5 J
Batteries— Powell and Robinson; Willis and
Clarke. Umpire— Hurrt.
OuV*— W. L. Pet., Huh*— W. L. Pet.
r.r'vikiyn !3 S4 .61*tnr.!=tnn «« 48 .4SS
PiitFburjr ...SI «2 .:.•»>. Ht. Louis 42 47 .472
Philadelphia.*' 44 .C17jOnclnnatl ..42 M .4"7
Chicago i" 46 -Iff- New York. ..S3 52 .402
STANDING OF THE CLUES.
Dispute Over Fouls L«ads to Blows at
Cincinnati.
FOUGHT ON THE FIELD.
DETROIT, Aug. 17.— One of the pret
tiest finishes of the meeting at High
land Park was witnessed in the fifth
race, the finishers being noses and heads
apart. Summary:
Six furlones, st-llirc— Invasion won. Intent
second. Old For third. Time. 1:14.
Four and a half furlones — Lyror Bell won.
Golden Harvest second, Lizzie A third. Time,
:5SVi.
Mile and a sixteenth, sellir.B— Free Lance
won. Vlrgie O second. Sir Florian third. Time,
1:4S«4.
Six furlongs — Descuhridora won, I* W. sec
ond, Viola K third. Time. 1:16.
Four and a half furlongs— Pierre Jr. won,
Helen Graham second. Maltese Cross third.
Time. :56Vi.
Elr furlongs, celling — Gengls Khan won. Give
Mile and a sixteenth— Monk Wayman won.
Greetings second. Fannie Taylor third. Time,
1:49^.
Fix and a half furlongs, selling— Ed Roth
won. Triune second. Pocrlands third. Time,
l:2Ui.
One mile, handicap — Handicaprxr won, Sta
tlra second, Alcaskey third. Timo.il :42.
Five and a half furlongs— Sevoy won. Fair
Deceiver Fecond. Acushla third. Time, 1:08.
Five furlongs — Horsa won. Dolly Warner sec
ond. Kid Hampton third. Time, 1:02'*-
DETROI^, Aug. 17.— At Windsor to-day
the weather was clear and the track fast.
Summary:
Six furlongs— Rathlln won, Zazohe second.
Elizabeth K third. Time. UVShl.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17^-One of the most
hair-raising finishes of the Harlem meet-
Ing- occurred in the fecor.d race be
tween Irish Jewel, Olekma and Tildy
Ann, all of whom were so closely bunched
at the wire that the winner could not be
picked until the judges hung- up the num
ber. Irish Jewel was finally given the
first place, with Olekma second and Tildy
Ann third, who oeat Wood Trice only
three-quarters of a length. Summary:
Six furlongs — Hampshire won. Hanswurst
second, Poyntz third. Time, 1:2&.
Six furloncs— Irish Jewel won, Olekma sec
ond. Tildy Ann third. Time, 1:23 2-5.
Pte*-plechase. handicap, short course — Passe
Partout won. Viking second, Reno third. Time,
3:49 3-5.
Five furlongs— Tyr won, Sortie second, Toot
sle Grtt- n third. Time, ] :C7 4-5.
One mile — Miss Dooley won. Martha Fox sec
ond. Joe Shelby third. Time, 1:52 4-5.
Mile and fifty yards— Pay the Fiddler won,
Owcnsboro F&cond. Prestar third. Time,
1:65 M,
Irish Jewel Wins, Hard
Pressed by Olekma and
Tildy Ann.
HAIR RAISING
FINISH IT THE
HARLEM TRACK
Rust meeting to-day the Manor Maiden
plate of 103 sovereigns for three-year-olds
and upward, ona mile, was won by Ca
presl, ridden by Rigby.
The Castle high-weight handicap of 300
sovereigns, one mile and a half, was- won
by Robbie Burns, also ridden by Rigby.
The Club two-year-old plate of 103 sov
ereigns for three-year-olds and upward,
five furlongs, was won by Minnie Dee, on
which L. Reiff had the mount.
LONDON, Aug. 17.— At the Windsor Au-
B.IGBY PILOTS /WTNTTEBS.
Closing Day of the Circuit Meet at
Glens Falls.
GLENS FALLS, N. Y., Aug.. 17.-The
last circuit meet here was characterized
by perfect racing weather and a speedy
track. Nell Gwynne, who had two heats
to her credit from yesterday, in the post
pcred 2:14 trot won the first heat to-day
handily, thus landing the race. Annie
Thornton had an easy time In the 2:19
pace, and landed the last three heats ln
one, two, three order. Summaries:
2:1<S class trot, purse, $1500 Nell
Gwynne won the second, third and fourth
heats In 2:H>i. 2:14V4. 2:11%. XlBger Jack won
the first heat in 2:HV4. Dot Miller, Dainty
DafTo, Iris O, Alice Barnes and Leto also
darted.
2:1S» claw, pace, purse $1500— Annie Thorn
ton won the second, third and fourth heats In
2:10%, 2:13V4, 2:14^4- Tom Calhoun won the
first h«!Rt in 2:nv*. George Clothe, Mount
Clemens Boy and Wyreka also started.
2:2S rlaos, trot, purse J150O— Joe Watts won
second, third and fourth heats ln 2:14H, 2:14Vi.
5:17. Mr. MIddlemay won the Hrnt heat ln
2:14Vi. Queen El-anor, Kin* Vasco and Bert
blsn Rtarted.
2:14 c'ass. pace, purse $1500— Oscar L won
third, fourth nnd fifth heats ln 2:08U. 2:10,
2:C3'4. AVlnola won the first and second heats
in 2:0S»4. 2:10M. Neil Alcyoner, •Pllgero, Eagle
Medium, Joe Oahn and Ferrum also started.
2:10 class, pace, purse $1000— Harry O won
the third, fourth and fifth heats in 2-0814
2:13%. 2:0R%. laland Wllkes Jr. won the nrsi
heat in 2:0S«£. Johnny Affan won the second
heat in 2:03%. Deveras and Lottie Smart also
started.
NELL GWYNNE WINS.
Six and a half furlongs, running (postponed
from yesterday)— Roulette Wheel won, Loco
nomo second, Sugden third. Time. 1:22V4.
Five-HlKhths of a mile, running — Durango
won, with Ricardo eecond and McFarlan third.
Time, 1:021,4.
Time— 2:17H. 2:1S>4, 2:14. 2:17.
Pnclntt. 2:14 class purse, JDOO.
Fltz I,ee (Sullivan) Ill
Mollle Nourse (Smith) 2 2 2
Wilhelmia (Durfee) 4 4 3
Bernard (Whitney) 8 2 d
Time— 2:15. 2:15H. 2:15V4.
McBRIAB, AND FITZ LEE.
Two Pacers That Win Friday's Events
at the Chico Eaces.
CHICO, Aug. 17— The attendance at the
racetrack to-day was the largest of any
during the week, and business at the pool
box was brisk. The races consisted of a
2:25 class trotting event, for a purse of
$300o; a 2:14 class pacing event, for a purse
of $500; six and a half furlongs and five
furlongs running events, each for a purse
of $100.
McBriar sold the favorite ln the 2:25 trot,
and he did not disappoint his backers,
though he was forced to trot five heats to
win the money. His most dangerous op
ponent during the race was Dan W. who
was in excellent form and took the second
and third heats from the favorite. Mc-
Briar was awarded first money, Dan W
second and Charley M C third. Cyclone
was distanced. ;
Park Henshaw's Fltz Lee was an easy
winner of the 2:14 pacing race. The other
horses In the race were clearly outclassed
and Fitz Lee won in three straight. Fitz
Lee won first money, Mollle Nourse sec
ond and "Wilhelmina third. Bernard was
distanced. The summary:
Pacing 1 , 2:25 class, purse $1000.
McBrair (I)onathan) 13 2 11
Dan W <Albertson) 2 112 2
Charley Me (Durfee) 3 2 3 3 3
Cyclone (Kaish) 4 d
> ST. LOUIS. Aug. 17.— Three favorites
and three second choices were the winners
to-day at the Fair grounds. The weather
was hot and the track fast. On account
of Annie Oldfield's Inconsistent perform
ances of late the entries of L. Marion
will not be accepted hereafter by the
Fair Grounds Association. Summary:
Selling, six furlor.srs — Miss Bramble won.
Meddlesome second. Amelia Strathmore third.
Time, 1:15>4.
Belling, one mile — Glenn Lake won. El Caney
second. Sprung third. Time, 1:42%.
Five furlongs — Julietta B won. La. Desirous
soennd. The Thrush third. Time. 1:03^.
Selling, seven furlones — Guide Rock won,
Two Annies second, Ladas third. Time, 1:2S%.
Selling, mile and seventy yards— Annie Old
fifld won. Orris second. Ransom third. Time.
l:47Vi.
Five and a half furlongB — Tony Lepplng won,
Margaret F eecond, Merrlman. third. Time,
l:0&V6.
SARATOGA, Aug. 17.-Four favorites
won to-day's races. Summary:
Six furlonss — Duron won, Draughtsman sec
ond. Lord Oglfby third. Time, 1:19%.
Five furlongs— McAddie won. Likeness sec
ond, La Villiere third. Time. 1:06.
Six furloncs— Elsie Barnes won. Dolly 'Welt
hoff second, Crossmollna third. Time, 1:19%.
Handicap, mile and fifty yards — Bannockburn
won. Elnus second. Alsike third. Time. 1:55%.
Mile and a sixteenth— Trlllo won. Sparrow
Wing second. Villa V third. Time, 1:55%.
and Take second. Minnie third. Time. 1:15H-
"Judge Humphreys has aMowed his per
pnnal prejudice? to color his utterances.
If he likes to prostitute h'.s ermine and
drat it in the filth of a political cesspool
it is rot the fault of any one but himself.
but one may fe<?l sorrow for brilliant tal
rv.ts so hopelessly astray. • • • Even
the native Hawaiian, who takes not too
much notice of our lejral matters, talks
of Judjre Humphreys an<i his court h«s foi
lows: "If you put a small bread fruit into
n very !arp^ calabash, it rattles and rat
tles very nrifily." " i
President McKinley ¦will probably be
pleased to l*=-arn that Judge Abram 8.
Humphreys has been the means of stirring
vp f-uch comments from the Republican
|.iich as the frllowine-
The y. C. Advertiser. L. A. Thurston's
organ, writes:
••His arbitrary treatment of suitors by
dismissing thoir cases entirely because the
attorneys wire not on hand at the drop
of the hat is not justice but the height of
injustice.
"Furnishing Fonpatlons. harrying attor
neys, fining court attendants for contempt
and ipnorinpr lonp-establifhed rules of pro
cedure, have not heretofore been found
necessary to the orderly progress of jus
tice !n Hawaii, nor is it what Judge Hum
phreya is being paid for."
The more oosservstfre Star says:
The Territorial Government having
shown scant courtesy to Judge Este© ln
the allotment of quarters for his court and
officers, he. with the consent of the Cir
sult Judges, formally ousted one of the
Judges and took possession of one of the
courtrooms. While it was a sensation, the
tar supports Judge Estee in his endeavor
to ttax-h the Dole government that the
Territory of Hawaii is no longer an inde
l».*ndent sovereignty. It should be said
that Governor Dole had retired to Hawaii
before the friendly clash happened. In
all his actions Judge Kstee Is as quiet,
gentlemanly and determined and as cour
leously oool as the school teacher who has
&ji unruly sel <.>f scholars to bring to order
by the rule of love and not the birch of
war.
HONOLULU. Aug. 10.— The British bark
I>ut:reggan preferred to land on the reefs
near Diamond Head instead of coming
into the harbor. She, without going into
details, grounded at the same place where
the Gainsborough, now the Diamond
Head, went ashore. It was fortunate that
the £preck«?ls tug Fearless was in port
and that plucky Captain Brockaw, al
though unprepared, rushed to the rescue
and stuck to the vessel until she was
towed into Honolulu harbor. The Iroquoia
arid Elen assisted, but It was the Fearless
that did the work and earned tome
?.uy S^j.OOO. but that Is a matter of arbitra
tion. It was a daring and splendid piece
of ecamanship, courage and trust in a
vessel. The Fearless is the heroine of the
hour.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Territorial Government and Se
lects Quarters in Keeping
With His Court.
Judgre Estee Quletl7 Bebukes the
Saved From Destruction
Near Honolulu by the
Tug Fearless.
BRITISH BARK
DUNREGGAN HAS
NARROW ESCAPE
THE SAN FKAIN CISCO CAX.L, SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1900.
WINS FIRST ROUND IN
FLYGASTING CONTEST
A. E. LOVETT OF SAN FRANCISCO, "WHO WON THE OPENING
ROUND IN THE CHAMPIONSHIP FLY-CASTING CONTEST.
•CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— In the tournament for the world's championship: at
flycasting, held to-day in Garfleld Park lagoon. A. E. Lovett of tho
San Francisco Flycasting Club won the opening round for distance
and accuracy with 9S feet.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EAHR0AD TRAVEL.
HOIITIIKKM IMOIHC niMKAKI.
(PACirio BTHTKM.)
Trains l»t»«» «»»t«l urn <li<«> »• «rrl»« »•
St.\ Klt4.N«'l*« «>.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
LEavk — From Acoumt 12. 1900. — ABRITB
•7:00a Benlda. Suiaiin, E!rnir», VacaTille,
Riiiugfy »inl •i»cr*iurnto *7:4Sr
*?:OOa Shuta Expresa— I>»tIs, WiUlams(for
Hartlett Springs), Willows. Ited
Blutf. VorUimd. *"li+7iT
•MHtA Mani.iM, hau lUimiii, Vallnjo, Napa,
CalUtiiga anil .Santa Ko«a *U:l3r
•S:Wi»a Durli, Woodland. Kolghts LandinK.
Marrs'ille. orntllle *7:l3r
|*HiOOa Atl*iitl.- K»j>r*!w — t>e<1en »n«l East "ltJ:I.Tf
•»:O«»k NUei, Tr «y. Laihrop, 8tociiton «»:I3a
• •atllWA ,S*n J<>««, IJiermufr, HtiMltoH,
lone, ' Sacr&nifiito. PUeerfille,
. .MurymllK Chlcn, Keil ItlulT ¦«il!>r
•S:.tUA Oakdalr. Cbineso (for Yotemite).
¦Sonora. Carters *l: l.">r
•»:O«a Hujrwariis, Nile* and Way HUtions. *l IsISa
•U:»Ua Los Angeles Express — Martinoz.
Tr.icy, Latiirop. nioektoD, Merced
Krexno and Los Angeles •7:l-"»r
•Ut:t»A Vitll.-t-i, Martinez ana Way Htatlons "Si«5f
• |Oi«M»a Th« O»erl»nd IJmlted— Ogden, Den.
Ter, Omaha, Chicago "SjISf
¦IIiOOa NiM, Stockton, .Tacr*meut». Mcn-
dnta. Frt-sao, Hanford. VlnslU.
Tt.rtertllle «4il3r
•11:OOa Liverraore. Bacger. Gonhen Junc-
tion, Baker3&eld,Los Aogeles
M2:4M»m lUjwarils. Mies ami Way ijtatiom. *2>l1r
fl:(M»p HxcraiiinnCo Itlter Stemunrs 13:00a
•HtOOp lUjwards, Kites ami Way .Stations. MiMf
•4:»»i> Murtlnez, San lliiinin. Vallejo.
N»|.:i, (;alI»t»Kn. Santa Husa •Uil.1.
•1:00k I>*::icta. Winters. 8aerani«nko.
WiMiillantl, Knlkhts landing.
MarystllU, Otntllio 'JO^Sa
•4i»»r Nll««. Han .IniMj and Stock too *'3il.1p
•.¦»:«OkT!i« Owl IJmlttid— Tracy, Fresno.
IiAkerstlelil. Nsupn for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles •10:l- > iA
•SxOOr Stockton.. *U:43a
•3:Oor New Orl^ane Eipress— llakerntieM.
K»"t» r.,>.li«r«. I .us Angales. JJt-m-
ing. El Paso. New Orleans and
l!a«t »7:<»4
•A:OOp Hajrwards. N lies and San Jose *7sll*
t»:O»r Vallejo # ia:13r
•UiUiir Oriental Mail— Ogilen. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chic*go •1*:1.1a
*fl:OOr Orleutal 31*11— Ojden, Denrer,
Omnha. Chicago M:lip
•7:00' Nlles. Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton.... # ia:13r
1'sUOp Valletjo, l'nrt »'u»t» and Way Hta-
tlons js>isa»
•OilHf Oretmi unl Oallfortila ICxprem.Mao.
rniuentii, MarjRtllle. KkiMIiik.
r»rtlBii.l. rugft N 1 nml H»t •¦:I.T<
<O4ST IHVIMON (.Narrnn «imi».-e).
( Foot nf Market Street. >
1,7:43a HanU Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Frincipal Way Stations l«:O5r
•8>I»A Nenark.CVntertllle..San.lo*e.K)>!t4>n.
Uoulder Crrak.Hanta Orui aud Way
KUtions »«!a<»r
fail.ir Newark. CenterTille, Han .!< •««, New
Alniaiifn, Fnlton. Ronlder ('reek,
Santa Crux and I'rloclpal Way
Stations •IOi3«a
MiHr Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos !••*•*
al:l5p Glenwood. Feltou. Ranta Cruz «»!»»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS raiSCLSCO-rcol of MirkU Slre»t (Sll» 3) —
•7:15 0:00 11:00a.m. (1:33 *2:03 |3:C3
• *V.Z3 tS:03 ?6:03r.w.
rrtmOilUXD— r«tt trBnxiwiT.— '1:00 8:00 10:00*. M.
112:03 '1:00 t2:03 *3::3 li;C0 '8:03 m.
COAKT DIVISION (llroaiM.'»iiKe).
( Thlnl »»d Tovmaen.t St».)
t<t:IOA Ocean Vlnw, .South Man Francisco.. 4«>»up
t7tO(»A San .lni>e Ami \V»y .St»H..nn (New
Ahiiailt-n WeilnemUjsnnly) *l>3»p
{7:3Oa Sunday Excursion f r Han Jose.
Stnta Cruz, Padfio Oro*e ana
. Principal Way Stations ;*:3.1r
•UiOOa Han .lone. Ties I'lnns, Hunt* ('tut.,
Taciltc CioTii, I'aso Uuhles, Han
I.uls OliUpu. Surf. I.ompoc ami
rriuetn*] W»t Hiatlot.s «4<l«p
¦l»>«n* San Ji>sa and Way Htatlons •»:U- - V%
*IIi»»a .Sau.lonp.LosCatoSKiiil WayStaMims *3i3UP
Matco, Uedwood. Mrnlo Park.
Palo Alto. 8&nU Clara, Han .lose,
Tres Pinos. Hauta Ona, Salinas,
Monterey ami I'acinc Orore |I«:»<(a
t»ta«P San Jose and Way Stations *~i:t»r
t l:13r San Joseaml Principal Way -SUtlons *9**3*
t3:»OpSan Jose, Los Oatos and Principal
Way Stations tO:©***
•Sz:t«p SauJose ami Principal Way Stations t"*::8"»*
•li::u»p San Jose and Way .Stations ?«:««a
UliJ-tP San Jose awl Way Htatioin «1i3i>r
A for Morning. 1' fiv* Afternoon.
'Daily. t .Sunday excepted ', Mitiday only.
b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Suno>* e Monday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTEBN RY. CO.
liESSEEJ
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
¦•¦•¦¦''. : :;.;> RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN KRAJS'CISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
¦WEEK DAYS— 7:20. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
J:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trina at 1:W
anil 11:30 d. m. ""J
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 9:S0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. J:30,
S:00, 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN' FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40. 5:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tries at
1:5.'. And C:33 t>. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, »:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. S:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. rn.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
I-eave J In Effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 13, 1900.) San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I | Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ Destination. | days. ] Days.
7:30 xm 8:00 »m Novato. 10:40 ami 3:49 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. S:03 pmU0:ZS am
6:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pml 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 ana
Htaldsburff.
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:30 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I |10:J5 am
»:30 pm| 8:00 am| and TJfclah. | 7:35 pm| «:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
S:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 rm 6:20 pm
¦7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S :40 am
and
6:13 pm 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:0} pm 6:20 pm
7:30 atn] 8:00 am! ¦ 110:40 ara!l0:K am
3:S0 pm| S:CO pmj Sebastopol. I ":3j pm| «:» pm
Etaxes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark tv>*t
Springs and White Sulphur feprinss; at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for I^ytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skages Sprlnrs: at Cloverdale
for the <"5ey*ers: at Hopland for Duncan
Spring. Highland Ppringrs. Kelsey-rllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Ray. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Soratog-a
EprlnRs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. L,l<*rley*». BucknelVs.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Gragrg, West-
port, Usal. Wllllts. LartonviUe. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia,
and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to All points
beyond San Raf&el at half rates.
Ticket offices, 850 Market St.. Chronicle bide
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
j General Manager. Gen. Pass. Azent.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /&**-**&**£
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late
scientific method applied to the pums. N'o
sleep-producing agent* or cocaine.
Thene are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIAXCKH
and ingredients to extract, till and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten.yeais,
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth $5; a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $5. Gold fillings, tl. Silver nil-
tnfrs, 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department in charge of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you will flnd us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell you In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FRBE
EXAMINATION.
No More Dread of the Dental Chair
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE... ......... ...PORTLAND. OK.
BRANCH......... ...SEATTLE. WASH.
New York Dental Parlors,
Weak Men and Women
4iOULD USK DAMIANA BITTERS*. THE
great' Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength 'to sexual organs. Depot, 323 ilarket.
»«^<^>-.»>i.i m Big «w t non-potponotsj
«'iS^S ; %r7^fe5a remedy for Gonorrlicea,
fi^5,/ r lnlt«6dl«yi.wl Whit»», unnatural dl»
IfXfyS Qunnieel JB charges, or any infln-im*.
«*<•» not to itrietoro. TT tion, , irritation or uicerv
if*i!"[° r * T>nu ectmgton. tion of mucous men*
K*lTHEEvAN8CHEMI(|uCa branes. N«j-aatringenL
ig^VoiNCiNNiiTl.O .BSfl *° Id ** Bmstriai*,
iwrrusss^i^
/T T^0r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«QfB*^( ?i ;^? EAlBX ' Tr * T - KataolUhed
Mil V *W V?i lo i r th< v} r * QtInentot P^vate
Ma^K^^W Mseasea, Lout Manhood. Debility or
VaSkkt' Tda ' Sk J n D^easeaThf doctorcureswtmi
S&BftiSn JtbersfaiL Try him. Chnr^p low
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS. S. 9. 10. 11 a. rn.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Pare Pan Francisco to Summit and return il 40
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN*.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS' SCENIC RAILWAY
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Y*rr •¦m«Jl mm*, as easy
SFF lrADTrtfcl F0RHEADACHL SEE
L lARI tKO FOR DIZZINESS.
P^llTTir FOR BILIOUSNESS. rr\ mvn
GENUINE VlVFR FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
m pile's FOR CONSTIPATION.
Wl? APPFff M m FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPER
WKArrtn |g|feil | F0R TH£CQMPLEXioa " fi ArfL,a
25 P cglti I VaJX^^^^^^^^
'^RIITTEID ON REP PAPER.'.
Alecks of R?\cir|g.
fOUO"]OUI\NAM^ T>
ExKibi+s Carried .,Fre.e^
Excursion Rates torvisitors.
Write for Particulars to
Peter J. Shields, a.B5preckels,
1 SECRETARY. PRESIDENT-
AEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD U
CO. European plan. Kooms, 50c to SI 50 day;
|5 to \% week; \i to {"0 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: lire grates In everj
room; elevator runs all night.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
........AND RETURN
On the NEW TRAINS of the
Santa Ee Route
to be sold
August 21st and 22d j
go d for return
Until October 22d.
Will tell you
all about it at
628 Market Street,
or. at
Ferry Ticket Office, Foot of Market St,
SAINT/* F*E ROUTE
TF*/\IINS.
MARKET-STREET FERRY.
Leave: Overland: Dally for Chiea- Arrive:*
BO, Kansas City, Denver
and all Eastern points, ¦
El Paso, City of Mex-
i lco, .Prescott and Phoe-
nix, Ariz., Bakersfleld,
9 a.m. Visa Ha. Tulare, Han- 6 p. m.
ford, Fresno, Merced,
Stockton, Antioch. Stand-
, . ard nnd Tourlat Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dining
car between Stockton
and Bakersfleld.
¦¦ Stockton Local: For San
4:10p.m. Pablo, rinole. Muir, Kay 11:05a.m.
Point. Cornwall, Anti-
och and Stockton, i.V •
Bakersfteld Local: For San
Vablo, Pinole. Mulr, Bay
Point, Cornwall. Antl-
8 p. m. och, Stockton, Merced, 8 a.m. :
Fresno. Hanford, Vlsa-
lla. Tulare and Bakers-
field. Sleepers to Fresno
and Bakersfleld.
TICKET OFFICES: 628 Market St.
Ferry Depot, .foot of Market St., San Francisco.
¦ . - HIS Broadway, Oakland.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
; AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. '8:30. 9:80. 11:00 a. m-
12:45, '1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 'S^S. 6:15, 6:40 p. m
EXTRA . TRIPS— For Mill Valley, and ' San
Rafael, on Mondays, "Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m
EUNDAYS-7:00. *8 :C0. »9:00, 'IOiOO, 11:00 li-M
a. m.; 12:45. *!:»>. 2:30. •8:43." 6:00. 6:00* r»
, p. m. ;
11:00 a. m. does not; run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. '6:30. 7:10. 8:40 •lb-lfi r i!
m.: 12:80 - 1:15. 2:15. «3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdaya
and Saturdays at »6:45 and 10:20 p. m
BUNDATS— 6:15. •8:00, »9:50. M jMa. m • •u-oo
m.: 1:00. J:lS.»S:30, 4:80. »5:4S. 6:45,-7:30. 10:20
p. m. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .
Trains marked (•> start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY: TO SAN FRANCISCO
: WEEK DAYS-6:J3, 6:45, 8:00. 8:55. 10-30 a."
m.; 11:85. 1:45, 2:41. 3:30. 4:50. 6:20 p. m
¦ EXTRA ' TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m
8UNDAYS— 6:85. 8:06. 10:0r>, 11:10^. m.- U-ii
1:20, 1:M, 3:45, 4:56. 6:15. 7:05. 10:80 p m —
- - ; THROUGH TRAINa ." '
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way ita-
.- 8:15 p. .m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations. ,r '
- ¦ t :00 a. . m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. : ,: ¦--.¦¦ - : . - -j^:A-itfV? Vl *ijf>^- ¦ . '
, 12:45 ; p. m. ; Sundaya— Point Reyes and - war
¦Utiooa,; V : .
1W i *¦•» 'bu Ui''J!hi : i€*uijl<<4'!k
YOUNGMEN!^"
Vou don't necol ko around /<^»Vv/
with dark rlncs under S- ~f
your eyes, no energy, / X
no snap about you. Jr - X^-
tf you sufTer >T*V Y °k
from ttirj-vn .^r - v - can ' d©
w«te or y^ ?V« / q u , ! c : k Iy
Lost , /«W'/ cured of
Vigor X* yTun natural.
: • . S 4< X weakness and
\X \^<Odf S^an troubles which
-^^rf^%#*KT*^ unfit you to marry
Xf * tiy consulting us.
\f> Thousands of men
X- ./cured at home. Call or
T^y/ DR. COOPER & CO.,
7fyr\31S KEARNY ST., 8. F., Cal.
MATIXEE TO-DAT, SATURDAY. Au*. \\
Parquet. 2oc, any seat; balcony. 10c; children.
10c. any part.
A NOVELTY BILL of UNUSUAL EXCELLENCE
FOUR JUGGLING JOHNSONS.
SAM MORRIS AND CO.
MRS. BESSIE BLITZ PAXTOKT.
Bennett and Stembler: Meeker- Baker Trio;
Hooker and Davis: Jolly John Nash;
American Biogrraph.
A SPECIAL. ACT FOR THE CHILDREN.
Macart's Dog and
Monkey Circus.
HENRYMILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANY.
MATIN. E TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT-LAST TIME.
"The Adventure jifjhe Lady Ursula"
BEGINNING First Time Here— THE
'ZS5XZ ONLY WAY!
SEATS NOW SELLING.
NOTE— Owlnjc to the Immense sale of seat*
first-night subscriber* are respectfully re-
quested to rail for their seats by to-n1«ht.
Sun-lay Ni<ht— BURTON HOLMES LECTURE.
Subject— "MOKI LAND" < Snake Dances).
TO-DAY. \TO-MORHOW
TO-NIGHT, I AFTERNOON,
t"THE BROWNIES
IN FAIRYLAND "
j SPECIAL— To accommo-
it tm€f <3ate the CT0W(j9 . "P^cial
P'JK; Matinees of the "Brown-
ft?** tea" will be Riven on
SgttS w E t> N E SD A Y ANU
tjg&rl? THURSDAY AFTER-
l&i'z NOON'S of Xext Week,
SUNDAY NIGHT and AU
\ff Next Week. ONLY MATI-
f\ NEE SATURDAY.
The World's Greatest Hyp-
•^"^ x not 1st.
*
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY.
¦ Last TWO Nights of the Big Cast ln
..TRILBY..
Next Monday Nljtht. First Time Here.
Mile. Rejane's Dramatic Version of
"SAPHO."
Seats Now on Sale. Sea the "Re4" Bapho.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c.
Saturday Matinee— Inc. 15c. 25c, 50c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
CURTAIN RISES AT S P. 31 SHARP.
MATINEE TO-DAY and Sunday Night.
"RIGOLETTO."
Ruieo. Ferrari. Nicolinl. PolltinI and Repetto.
LAST TIME 7tO-N1GHT) OF
"OTHELLO."
Avedano. Salassa. Graham and Llchter.
Next Week— TANNHAUSER and MIGNQH.
Eeats on Sale Seven Days Ahead.
POPULAR PRICES— 15 AND 50 CENTS.
Telephone — Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET.
In Charlotte Thompson's New Play.
A Suit of Sable.
NEXT "WEEK.
Spectacular Production of
*'SrtF > HC>.*' —
CHUTES^and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON* AND EVENING*.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
SEABURY, High Diver.
LA LISTA, ia Her Mirror Dances.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
SAPHO and BIG CAKEWALK
Telephone for seats— Park tZ.
BASEBALL!
San Francisco
vs.
Oakland.
TO-DA Y AT 3 F*. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:3O F*. M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Street*.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS. Open Daily from 7 a. m .
to 11 p. m. Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 d m.
ADMISSION. Mte. CHILDREN. 5c. 3ATH-
INO, including: admission. Kc; children. 20c.
FISCHER'S concert house.
Ethel La Crolx. Soprano: Irene Franklin. Cor-
netl*t: Little Hazel Sexton; Berlin SUtera. Vo-
calists; Eudora Forde, Contralto, and Conlon
and Ryder. Comedians.
Reaerved geaf. 23c; Matinee. Sunday.
[PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that these
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and aerrtce
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on tha
American and European plans.
j GRAND HOTEL
I Good - |
I Tailor-made I
I Suits I
j at Moderate |
| Prices |
m Fine Oxford Grey Suits, Ztm :n I
I very Btylish «|J'«W I
ff Elegant Blue SI C Sfl \
H and Black Cheviots «P|J)-« ;w
n Fine Worsted Suits" J^A (11 \
M for dress purposes Zv
M Nobby Overcoats, 51A fill C
N finely tailored *Zv E
S Very Stylish Pants, Ci E.I g
M desirable patterns vl *>J ||
? Every Garment Guaranteed. BROUMANIA SENDS A
SHARP NOTE TO BULGARIA
Demands the Arrest of Sarafow, Pres
ident of Revolutionary Move- .
ment at Sofia.
LONDON, Aug. 18.— The Roumanian
Government, according to a special dis
patch from Vienna, has addressed a sharp
note, amounting almost to. an. ultimatum,
to Bulgaria, demanding the arrest of Sar
afow, president of the revolutionary com
mittee of Sofia and the suppression of that
organization.
Wheat Crop of Pacific Northwest.
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 17.— The total
wheat crop of Oregon, Washington and
Idaho for lf*00 is now estimated at from
22,000,000 to 35,000,000 bushels. This Is a
reduction of about 5,000,000 bushels from
the earlier estimates. The wheat la Bald
to be of a fine quality.
FREIGHT RATES LOWERED.
Secret Cutting Indulged in to Secure
Government Contracts.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— Transcontinental
rates . have gone to smash over Govern
ment business. It was learned to-day. that
roads have discovered that Indiscrimin
ate rate cutting has been done. in. order
to get contracts for carrying Govern
ment-supplies to San Francisco, where
they are put aboard transports bound for
China or the Philippine?. MW|HWp4flH
The greatest rate cutting has been
made in attempts to get the meat ship
ments from Chicago. It was asserted to
day ¦ that secret rate cutting had greatly
diminished, if not completely obliterated,
profits. In railroad circles the danger 'of
the freight war thus . started becoming
general among transcontinental roads is
regarded as Imminent. *"•¦ .•. •
PARIS, Auk. 17.— It is officially announced
according: to the Petit Bleu that the Ctar will
visit . Paris, arriving . at ! Cherbourg September
14, reaching Paris tha' next cay, and remaining
here ; five , or 'six i days.?: It f is ; added ". that ' hia
Majesty, who will ;come alone,- will reside > at
the Russian embacsy while In this city.
WISHES TO OBTAIN A
MONOPOLY ON PIG IRON
Carnegie Company Is Seeking to Pur
chase All the Big Blast Fur
naces in the Country.
PITTSB1JRG, Aug. 17.— The Post to
morrow will say: Control of the produc
tion of pig metal in this country is being
secured by the Carnegie Company. It Is
seeking to buy all the big blast furnace
plants in the United States. Its repre
sentatives now have negotiations pending
for the purchase of the plants of Hav
erly & Co. at Buffalo, the Newburg fur
naces at Cleveland, a plant at Carondolet,
near St. Louis, and two others in the Ma
honing Valley. The fact that' the Car
negie Company has contracted f<y" 16,000,
(K)0 tons of iron ore annually, when 6,000,000
will amply supply its present plants, is
taken as an indication that It expects to
acquire other plants of sufficient capacity
to use the remaining tonnage. With its
facilities for getting ore and the posses
sion of blast furnaces of enough capacity
to turn atl its ore Into pig ¦ metal ft will
be in a position to dictate prices and limit
materials for all Its competitors. ;
*
YACHT - CAPSIZES.
Three Persons Are Missing and Were
Probably Drowned.
QUEBEC, Aug. 17.— The yacht
Francois, while on a pleasure trip from
Tadousac to River du Loup yesterday,
was caught in a squall and capsized off
White Island. There were five persons
on board. Captain Foster, Adelard Savard,
Couzine Morin, P. Mori n and P. Boucher,
all of whom were thrown into the water.
The yacht Jamboree, was passing at • the
time and with much difficulty succeeded
in saving Boucher and Savard. Captain
Foster and the two Morins are missing
and were probably drowned.
Vallejo's Labor Day Begatta.
¦ VALLEJO, Aug. 17.— At a meeting of
! the Vallejo Yacht Club Thursday even
'ing it was decided to hold a regatta on
' LAbor day, September 3. The entire
fleet of yachts belonging to/the club,
twelve In number, will rage from Vlr
. ginla-street wharf, to the. last buoy off
Pinole Point and return.* Two prizes will i
I be awarded to each class.
stereotypers and electrotypers to with
draw from the International Typograph
ical Union was lost, the vote being 101
to 51. It seems to be the sentiment of
? he stereotypers and electrotypers to
withdraw from the International Typo
graphical Union in case the referendum,
to which the legislation must be referred,
goes against them.
A resolution was made Instructing the
executive council to communicate with
the proper officials at Washington with
the end in view of 'having the Govern
ment establish printing offices of its <rwn
in all territory under the flag and tu
abolish the system of sub-letting to pri
vate institutions.
»
THE DAY'S DEAD
Dr. J. H. W. Chestnut.
SEATTLE, Aug. 17.— Dr. J. H. "W. Chest
nut, a prominent Philadelphia physician
and capitalist, died at Dutch Harbor, Au
gust 5. of cancer of the stomach. Hia
remains were brought to this city to-day
by the steamer Roanoke. J. H. W. Chest
nut Jr., a son of the deceased, accom
panied the remains, which are to be taken
to Philadelphia for ir»terment. Dr. Chest
nut was president of the Philadelphia
Crude Gre Company, which Is developing
extensive sulphur deposits near Unalaska.
The deceased was 54 years old and a na
tive of Philadelphia and president of thi
American Trust Company of that city
He leaves a wife and five children.
A. J. Sink.
Sir Henry Simpson.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug*17.— A. J. Sink, pro
prietor of trie United States Hotel at To
males, dropped dead at that place last
night from a stroke of apoplexy. De
ceased was well known among race fol
lowers throughout the State. He had been
cashier for many bookmakers in this
State for ten years previous to his set
tling at Tomales.
LONDON, Aug. 17.— Sir Henry Simpson,
veterinary surgeon to the Queen and
former president of the Royal College of
Veterinary Surgeons, has been found
drowned at Datchet. Buckinghamshire,
where he owned the South Sea estate. He
was born in 1S42 and was at one time
Mayor of Windsor. -_
Judge Arthur B. Caleb.
MIDDLEOWN, Conn.. Aug. 17.— Judge
Arthur B. Caleb, the oldest member of the
Middlesex County bar, died at his home
in this city early this morning from heart
disease.
PARIS, Aug. 17.— The list of awards to
American exhibitors at the Paris Expo-
City of San Francisco and the TJni-
versity of California Hold Prom
inent Positions in the Win-
ning Column.
List of Awards at the Paris
Exposition Made
Public.
PRIZES FOR
MANY AMERICAN
EXHIBITORS
Preliminary Contests in the Inter
national Exhibition at Paris
Fair.
PARIS, Aug. 17.— The preliminary con
tests in the International exhibition of
fire apparatus came off this afternoon at
Vincennes. some 5000 firemen, represent
ing all- the nations, participating.
The American representatives. Chief
George C. Hale of Kansas City and the
men of the Kansas City fire brigade,
caused great wonderment by their quick
harnessing and running, together with
their method of life-saving. They received
an ovation and by common consent were
assigned the first place. The contests will
be continued to-morrow.
imissioner General Is Appointed
a Grand Officer of the Legion
of Honor.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PARIS, Aug. 17.— Commissioner General
Peck has been appointed a j?rand officer
of the legion of Honor. M. H. de Young
has also received a red ribbon, but of the
lower grade.
If Mr. Pock should ever die on French
sol! his rank in the legion entitles him at
his funeral to half a battalion of soldiers,
with a band and colors.
AMERICAN FIREMEN
TAKE THE FIRST PLACE
pition was made public to-day. The
United States in all secured 19S1 awards.
Of those 220 were grand prizes, 4S6 gold
medals. 5S3 silver medals. 422 bronze med
als. 270 honorable mention and a long list
of eold. silver and bronze medals for col
laborators. Every line of industry and
art and skill is given recognition. Ameri
can farm products and American mines
and forestry receive ?rand prizes and gold
medals and American cottons, woolens
and silks are given the same consideration
as are American harvesting machinery,
sewing machines, printing presses, liberal
arts and transportation, while silverware,
jewelry, art and education are placed
in the front. At the Paris Exposition of
1S89 only 1000 prizes, including those for
collaborators, were given, divided as fol
lows: Grand prizes, i'i5; gold medals, 214;
silver medals. 300: bronze medals. 246;
honorable mention. 299.
Following is a list of Pacific Coast ex
hibitors who received grand prizes or
gold medals. The names of those receiv
ing silver and bronze medals and honor
able mentions, with the collaborators, are
not yet furnished by the committee.
In a large number of classes the silver
medal was the highest recognition be-
Ftowed and may be called the highest
award:
State Board of Education, California;
Board of Education, Omaha; Hawaii pub
lic school system: Kamehameha Insti
tute. Hawaii: Board of Education, Den
ver; University of California; Standard
Electric Company of California; city of
San Francipco.
Pacific Creameries; California Commis
sion: \V. W. Gaskiel. San Francipco; Dr.
I>avld Starr Jordan, Stanford University;
Alaska Packers' Association; California
Canners' Company; California Packing
Company; California Wine Association;
San Luis Vineyard; Sierra Madre Vintage
Company; California State Mining Bu
reau: New Almaden Quicksilver Mining
Company.
PECK AND DE YOUNG
HONORED IN FRANCE
SANDUSKT, Ohio. Aug. 17. — Lake
Shore train No. 3, westbound, was wreck
ed at Baybridge at 1 o'clock this morning.
The train left Cleveland at 10:55 p. m. and
struck a broken. rail near Baybridge, five
miles west of Sandusky. The engine and
two mail cars passed over the bridge
safely. The next three' cars, two mail
and a' combination, went over the bridge
Into Sandusky Bay, In twenty feet of
water. The rest of the train left the
track, but did not go over the bridge and.
beyond a severe shaking up and a bad
scare, no one was Injured in these cars.
The three cars piled up In a mass In the
water below, imprisoning the mall clerks
and the passengers In the combination
baggage and passenger coach. Not a life
was lost, passengers and employes climb
ing through windows and doors and be
ing rescued from the water with slight
Injuries. The cars are sixty feet long
and two of them stood partially on end
In the twenty feet of water. Wreck
trains were sent out from Toledo and
Sandusky. Doctors were secured from
Port Clinton and Sandusky.
The conductor's report says every one
is accounted for. Not a person Is thought
to have been seriously injured. The bridge
was injured and traffic was delayed but
slightly.
The following trainmen were Injured:
Baggageman William Frawley, Cleve
land, internally; Chief Clerk J. C. Beck,
Goshen; Al Spalding, Adrian; F. K.
Greening, Austin, 111.; B. S. Wise, Ches
tertown.
Fourteen passengers were In the com
bination car, of whom two, names un
known, were cut by flying glass. Their
Injuries were dressed before the surgeons
arrived.
At the time of the wreck the train was
running thirty-five miles an hour. Train
men rescued the fourteen imprisoned pas
sengers in the combination coach.
The bridge on which the wreck occurred
is half a mile long and but six feet above
the water, which is from fourteen to
twenty feet deep. A large amount of matl
is still in the water. . ,.
GOODLAND, Kans., Aug. 17.— Rock
Island passenger, train No. 6. from Den
ver and Colorado Springs for Kansas
City, crashed into a freight train at a
curve in a deep cut a mile west of Be
thune early to-day. James Boyle, en
gineer, and Chris Klmm. fireman, both
of the passenger, -were seriously and per
haps fatally Injured. The passengers
were rolled out Into the aisles and
bruised, but- none were seriously hurt.
The passenger engine went clear through
the caboose, but no one on the freight
train was injured.
Rock Island Passenger Train Crashes
Into a Freight in Kansas and
Engineer and Fireman Are
Seriously Injured.
Cars Go Over a Bridge, but
Fortunately No Lives
Are Lost.
BROKEN RAIL
CAUSES SERIOUS
WRECK IN OHIO
MONTROSE, Colo., Aug. 17.— Forest
fires aro burning fiercely in all directions.
To the east there is a big blaze on the
Black Mesa, to the north huge volumes
of smoke go up from the Grand Mesa, and
tho Uncompahgre Plateau to the west Is
ablaze in three different places. Thou
sands of acres of valuable timber have
been destroyed and unless rains eet in
soon the timbered sections will suffer as
never before. One. of tho rangers In the
Government employ secured here a large
body of men to go and fight the fires on
the Uncompahgre Plateau.
DENVER, Aug. 17.-A special to the
Times from Del Norte, Colo., says:
Heavy timber fires are raging south and
west of .Del Norte from the Mead of the
South Fork of ¦ thei Rio Grande to the
head of the Conejos River. The damage
is the greatest in the history of the
country. There is almost< conclusive evi
dence that these fires are being Intention
ally set and the general impression pre
vails that this section Is entitled to a
State flre patrol at once. No rain is fall
ing and the fire has unlimited sway across
nearly fifty miles of country.
BRECKENRIDGE, Colo., Aug.y 17.— A
big forest lire is raging in the range of
hills on the east side of tho Blue Klver,
a few miles north of Dillon. The entire
valley is filled with smoke.
BUENA VISTA, Colo., Aug. 17.— The
forest fire in Pine Creek Gulch, near
Riverside, ten miles above this city, is
steadily spreading. People from that re
gion report that when the fire has burned
itself out there will be little timber left.
MACKINAC ISLAND, Mich., Aug. 17.-
Pine Cottage, one of the large boaxdinjj
houses of the island, was burned to the
ground early to-day. The /lames, fanned
by a strong wind, threatened for a time
to destroy many buildings. The loss is
estimated at $25,000 to $35,000; no insur
ance.
Fired by Incendiaries.
PEORIA, 111., Aug. 17.-Smlthfleld. a
town of 15U0 Inhabitants, forty-three miles
west of here, was visited last night by
a. very disastrous fire, which threatened
for a time to entirely destroy the place.
As It was. a dozen buildings were burned
and the loss, it is estimated, will aggre
gate $5O,0uO to *75,000. The village has no
lire department. The citizens, with gar
den hose and buckets, did what they
could to get water on the fire. Their
efforts, however, were of no avail, and
the tire burned until it had consumed tlie
entire business block.
The lire was of incendiary origin, the
match having been applied by men who
afterward tried to rob the homes of the
villagers. They were discovered in two or
three houses, but escaped. They ; left
town in a wagon, driving rapidly away.
One Life Lost.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— One man lost hl3
llfo and three were injured in a flre to
day which destroyed the building at 154
60 Desplaines ; street. The dead man is
Edward Grace, who was burned while
asleep in the ; building.
The injured are: James Minor, severely
burned; Thomas Morney, fireman, leg
broken; John Mitchell, fireman, burned.
The i building was "owned by -Albert E.
Barr and was occupied by the Independ
ent Paper Stock Company. The total Io3s
is, put at jr>0,0oO. The flre is believed to
have been of incendiary origin.
Incendiaries Set Fire to a Building in
Peoria, 111., and the Entire City
Narrowly Escapes In
struction.
Flames Sweep Unchecked
Over Valuable Timber
Land.
THOUSANDS OF
ACRES DENUDED
IN COLORADO
Epectai I>i8pa.tch to The CalL
ASTORIA. Or.. Aug. 17.— The contest j
for queen of the seventh annual
regatta, to be held here re
sulted in the election of Miss :
Louise TaJlant. who received near
ly half the votes cast. Great excitement
attended the election during the closing
hours, and between noon and 7:30 o'clock
about 7».<XK' votes were cast. The total
vote was 104.000. of which number Miss
Tal'ant received ol.2S6.
Miss Tallant. the victorious candidate.
Is one of tr.e mofi »x*autiful young ladies
in Oregon, and although her name was
riot presented until late in the contest she
at once assumed a leading position, hold
ing it until the last day. when she made
large grains. It was generally expected
that she would be successful, as she Is
very popular in the city. Miss Tallant is
quite prominent In local society circles,
and being tall and graceful Is well fitted
to reign over the seventh annual regatta.
Among the leading candidates were Miss
Madge -Sovey. Miss Madge Chapman and
Miss Jennie Curtis. Miss Sovey and Miss
Curtis are Astoria young ladies and held
leading places during the contest. Miss
Sovey was In the lead for over a week,
while Miss Curtis always held a promi
nent place. Miss Chapman is a San
Francisco girl who has been visiting in
this city for some time past. She, too,
received a very large vote.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Aug. 17.— An in
teresting engagement just announced
is that of Miss Meta Asher of San
Francisco and Abe Davidson. The
. betrothal is the culmination of a
pretty romance in which music played a
star part. Miss Asher is a most accom
plished pianist, and it was her exquisite
playing that first attracted the attention
of the fortunate gentleman who is soon
to lead her to the altar.
The happy groom-to-be Is one of thft
leading members of the wealthy firm of
Davidson Bros, of Sioux City. Miss Asher,
the fair fiancee, is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Asher. The young people
met in San Francisco during a visit made
by Mr. Davidson to his sister, Mrs. J.
Edlln.
No date for the wedding has yet been
set, but It is understood that it will taka
place early in the new year.
MISS LOUISE TALLAXT. WHO WAS SELECTED QUEEN OF THE AS
TORIA REGATTA BY POPULAR VOTE.
I MISS META ASHER OF THIS CITY AND ABE DAVIDSON OF SIOUX 1
7_ CITY, WHOSE ENGAGEMENT IS ANNOUNCED. |
However that may be. there are locali
ties in Cambridge which are famous sole
ly because they are mentioned In Long
fellow's verse. A single lino in "The Vil
lage Blacksmith" has given to the chest
nut tree tlrat overhang the smithy a last-
Ing farrfe like that which Tennyson In
"The Talking Oak" promised to the lo
quacious veteran of the forest, and when
the tree was cut down in 1S7B by a pro
saic city government in widening a street
It seemed an act of sacrilege hardly less
flagrant than the felling of Shakespeare's
mulberry tree, whereby the Rev. Francis
Gastrell gained for himself an immortal
ity of infamy.
Xote — This study will be concluded on
Saturday next.
Of these houses the Cralgie mansion, as
Colonel Higginson notes in his delightful
book on "Old Cambridge" (which the
reader. If not already acquainted with it,
will find Infinitely more Interesting than
anything I can write on the subject), is
much oftener inquired for by strangers
than Elmwood or than the Holmes house
was before its demolition fifteen or more
years ago; and though thl3, as he adds,
"might be partly due to associations with
"Washington." yet he la "confident that
these made but a small portion of the
whole interest in the abode." I am sura
that the colonel is right. In the course
of the thirty-eight years I have lived in
Cambridge I have been asked by hun
dreds of frtend3 and strangers to direct
them to "Longfellow's house." and It
was, evident that It was chiefly for his
connection with it 'that they wanted to
see it. That Washington had occupied
it for more than a year was a minor con
sideration, and perhaps due less to their
interest In history than to what Longfel
low had written about it in his verses
"To a Child":
Once, ah. once within these walla
One whom memory oft recalls.
The Father of his Country dwelt
I*p and down these echoing stairs.
Heavy with the weight of cares.
gounded his majestic tread;
Tes. within this very room
Sat he in those hours of gloom,
Wear>' both in heart and head.
Longfellow has also been the laureate
of Cambridge and. like Lowell anil
Holmes, has helped to add a poetic in
terest to some of Its historic localities, a*
well as to some which otherwise would
have attracted the notice of the resident
or the visitor. AH three poet3 were born
or lived and died in old colonial houses,
more or less famous for their historic as-,
soclationa; but poetry has been more po
tent than history in making them "pil
grim shrines." Cralgle house, wherw
Longfellow lived forty-rlve years, is noted
as having been the headquarters ot
Washington when the Revolutionary
army was encamped in Cambridge. Elm
wood, Lowell's residence, was the man
sion of Lieutenant Governor Oliver until
his abdication and the confiscation of the
estate by the colonial authorities. The
"cambrel-roofed house" in which Holmes
was born was the headquarters of Gen.
eral "Ward in 1775, and the plan for forti
fying Bunker's Hill Is said to have been
laid there.
towns. The booksellers all had. it an I
told me It was often called for. In Nu
rtmburg, some years later. I bought a.
prettily illustrated edition of the poems on
Nuremburg, which had been brought out
by a local publisher. There is no better
guidebook to the city than this poem, in
wnich almost every locality of Interest
to the tourist is enumerated with its his
torical and poetical associations— the an
cient castle, with yueen Cunigunda's lin
den in the courtyard ar.<l tho Oriental
window where the poet Melchoir sat ari'l
sung Kaiser Maximilian's praises: the
churches of St. Sebald and St. Lawrence,
with their murveU of art in bronze ami
marble; the public fountains "wrought
with richest sculpture"; the house of
Hans Sachs, "the cobbler-poet," and tho
grave of Albert Durer (it is curious that
his house la not mentioned); and tho
memories of the Minnesincers and tho
"brave and thrifty burghers" of the great
imperial city which in medieval times
boasted that by its "toil and traffic, art
and song." it "stretched its hand through
every clime." Portions of "The Golden
Legend." like the description of the ca
thedral at Strasburg and that of the»old
covered bridge at Lucerne, with its paint
ings of "The I>anco of Death." aro
equally minute and rraphlc. At Bruges
I had tried to find the Fieur de Ble, where
Longfellow stopped in May, 1342. and lis
tened to the chimes in the belfry on the
opposite side of the Orande Place. The
house was still there, but it was no longer
an inn. The disaoppearance of the Raven
at Zurich, referred to in "Hyperion"
(which, by the way. is also rich in mat
ter for the Continental tourist).
With a noisy and an unclean nest.
And a very, very long bill.
Is less to be regretted.
At the Bellevue in Cadenabb!a. on tho
shore of Lake Como, a framed copy of
Longfellow's poem fntitled "Cabenah
bla," written in 1S6S. during the last visit
to Europe. 13 displayed in the vestlbulo
of the hotel.
XIL
Three of the. most notable American
poets — Longfellow, Lowell and Holmes —
were either born In Cambridge or spent
the greater part of their lives there.
Longfellow, though born (1S07) in Maine,
when that State was a part of Massa
chusetts, lived here for forty-six of his
seventy-five years, and died at Cralgie
House in 1882. Lowell was born here in
1819, and lived at Elmwood until his death
in ISM, except during his diplomatic ser
vice in Spain and England and a few
briefer absences hardly worth mentioning.
Holmes, born In 1S03 in the "gambrel
roofed house" hard by the colleges, spent
the first twenty-four years 4>t his life
here, and most of the remainder in Bos
ton, a commercial suburb of the collegiate
town, but he is none the less to be rankeil
with Longfellow and Lowell as eminently
a Cambridge poet. His ardent love for
his birthplace and his alma mater, his
professorship in the Harvard medical
School and his intimacy with Longfellow
and Lowell and the local group of literary
men — a great constellation of which they
were only the bright particular stars —
made him a frequent visitor to Cam
bridge. From 1S58 until his death in ISM,
his Boston home was on the banks of the
Charles River, in sight of his native town;
at first Jn Charles street, and when that
became a noisy thoroughfare, in Beacon
street.
Longfellow was one of the most gentle
and most genial of men, courteous and af
fable to all who met him. but intimate
ly known only to a "charmed circle" oi
fortunate friends. Holmea said of him in
a letter to Motley in 1S73:
I find a singular charm In the society of
Longfellow— a coft voice, a sweet and cheerful
temper, a receptive rather than an aggressive
intelligence, the agreeable flavor of scholarship
¦without any pedantic ways, and a perceptiblo
coupcon of humor, not enough to startle or sur
prise or keep you under the strain of over
stimulation, which I am apt to feel with very
witty people.
And ten years later, writing to a friend
and referring to his verses on the death of
Longfellow, printed in the Atlantic
Monthly, he said:
But it Is all too little, for his life wa» so
exceptionally sweet and musical that any voico
of praise sounds almost like a discord after It.
One might quote scores of tributes to
the beauty and charm of Longfellow a
personality, but all would be in the same
vein as those from his brother poet. It
seems to me that he describes himself In
"The Golden Legend." where Walter, the
Minnesinger, says of Prince Henry:
Ills rraclous presence upon earth
"Was as a tire upon a. hearth;
As pleasant songs, at morning sum?.
The words that dropped from his sweet tonjue
Strengthened our hearts; or heard at nUfht
Hade all our slumbers soft and light.
Such was the poet, not only to his per
sonal friends, but to the immensely wider
circle who knew him only through the
medium of print. To them he seemed no
less a personal friend, and they were rec
cgnlzed as personal friends by him. This
Is the keynote of the dedication of "The
Seaside and the Fireside," the volume
published in ISO. It Is doubtless familiar
to many of my readers, but I may be par
doned for quoting the opening stanzas:
As one who, walking In the twilight gloom.
Hears round about him voices as It darkens.
And, seeing not the forms from which they
come.
Pauses from time to time and turns and
hearkens.
Bo, walking here in twilight, o my friends,
I hear your voices, Boftened by the distance,
And pause and turn to listen as each sends
His words of friendship, comfort and as
sistance. . , ( -.-
If any thought of mine of sons or told
Has ever given delight or consolation.
Te have repaid me back a thousandfold
By every friendly sign and salutation.
Thanks for the sympathies that ye have shown!
Thanks for each kindly word, each silent
token.
That teaches me when seeming most alone
Friends ttre around us, though no word be
spoken.
Longfellow was unquestionably th«
most popular of the Cambridge poets;
indeed, of all American poets, not onlv
In this country, but In Europe. All hl3
poems were early published in England
and the cheaper editions were to be found
on every bookstall. On the Continent
they were on sale In many places, to say
nothing of the many translations. On
my first visit to Europe in 1S6S, when I
was at Cologne and about to go up the
Rhine on my way to Switzerland, I re
called the allusions to the river and re
gion in "The Golden Legend" <ind wished
I had the book with me. It occurred to
me that I might possibly get a copy there
and I found a paper-covered edition of
the complete poems in the first shop I
entered. At Strasburjr I had the curi
osity to inquire for the volume and also
at Lucerne, Interlaken and other Swisa
Copyright, 10OO, by Seymour Eaton.
A TALK ABOUT LONGFELLOW BY DR. ROLFE.
LITERARY TALKS AND REMINISCENCES.
QUEEN OF ASTORIA'S
GREAT ANNUAL REGATTA
Sjocial Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Nebr., Aug. 17.-Dr. George L.
Miller, for 30 years a leader of the Demo
cratic forces In Nebraska and a founder
of the Omaha World, and for twenty-four
years its editor. 13 a most uncompromis
ing foe to BrVanlsm, "I know Bryan as
well as any one can know him," says Dr.
Miller, "for I have worked with liim in
his early political days and have been in
touch with his actions of more recent
years. 1 have no faith whatever in his
sincerity, because I credit him with more
than ordinary intelligence. He knew the
fallacy of the free-silver proposition
when he first thrust it upon the party In
this State, but he insisted upon maJting
it a political Issue, for with panther-like
quickness he realized that it could be
readily employed to delude a people who
at that time were suffering a universal
business depression.
"The primary objection to Bryan is his
continuous assault upon the established
Institutions of his country, his unremit
ting attacks upon citizens who happen to
own something:, his opposition to the
rights of our courts and his implied care
lessness as to the preservation of law and
order. He Is forever appealing to class
prejudice and endeavoring to array one
portion of our people against another. He
panders to the desires of envious, unscru.
pulous and irresponsible members of so
ciety, and for that reason alone he Is a
dangerous man to place at the head of
our Government.
"I regard Bryan as a socialistic revolu
tionist, tinged with religious fanaticism.
On the money question Bryan preaches a
false doctrine; on the subject of law and
order he incites? the revolutionary spirit;
on the Philippine problem he promises
nothing different from the course now
being pursued by the administration, but
attempts to catch votes by a groundless
cry of imperialism.
"Bryan is as Insincere in his utterances
on the Philippine question as he is in nls
silver doctrine."
TOWNE TO CAMP ON
TRAIL OF ROOSEVELT
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— According to infor
mation Riven out at Democratic National
headquarters, In his tour of the West
Governor Roosevelt will have an oratori
cal sleuth on his trail in the person of
Charles Towne, the Silver Republican
C \vfthin ten days Mr. Towne will open
the campaign at Duluth, where he will
make an elaborate address devoted mostly
to answering Roosevelt. Later Towne will
tour Tdaho. Oregon, Washington, California
and other Western States, keeping close
to Governor Roosevelt's path. Mr. Towne
will make an occasional trip to the South,
speaking at Atlanta, Louisville, Memphis,
Nashville and other Important cities.
Throughout it will be Mr. Towne's mis
sion to pay special attention to the Re
publican Vice Presidential nominee and to
answer arguments made by the latter
during the campaign.
BRYAN'S SPEECHES ON
THE ROUTE TO TOPEKA
TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. 17.— A special to
the Capitol from Lincoln, Neb., Bays:
I "Mr. Bryan this evening decided on the
itinerary of his trip to the Populist noti
fication meeting at Topeka, August 23. He
•will leave Lincoln, via the Missouri Pa
cific. Tuesday, August 21. He will make a
speech at Auburn at 9 o'clock and at 11
o'clock he will address the people at
Tecumseh. He will drive across the coun
try to Pawnee City and speak there at 2
o'clock. The evening speech will be de
livered in Falls City.
Mr. Bryan expects to reach Topeka on
the morning of August 22. He will start
back August 24. A speech will be deliv
ered at Manhattan. Kans., in the forenoon
and at Beatrice, Neb., in the evening.
Stops will be made at other towns along
the route and short speeches made.
IMPORTANT CHANGES IN
ROOSEVELT'S ITINERARY
CHICAGO. Augr. 17.— Henry C. Payne,
vice chairman of the Republican National
Committee, gives out the following as the
correct itinerary of Roosevelt as far as
apreed upon to this evening, and from
which there will be no deviation: Sara
toga, N. Y., September 5; Detroit, Mich.,
September 0; Grand Rapids, Mich., Sep
tember 7; South Bend, Ind., September 8;
La Crosse. Wis., September 10; Fargo, N.
IX, September 14; Bismarck, X. D., Sep
tember 15; Helena, September 17; Butte,
September 18.
NEGROES HONORED
BY REPUBLICANS
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— Cyrus Field Adams,
a colored editor, linguist and orator, and
Bishop Arnott of Ohio, also colored, have
been appointed by Chairman Hanna as
members of the advisory committee of the
Republican National Committee.
Accuses Him of Knowingly Preach
ing a False Doctrine and Pander
ing to the Irresponsible
Members of Society.
Dr. Miller's Scathing Ar
raignment of the Demo
cratic Nominee.
SAYS BRYAN
IS ANYTHING
BUT SINCERE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST IS, 1900.
MISS META ASHER SOON
TO BECOME A BRIDE
married and aged 23. His parents lire In
Goshen, Ark. '
Crushed to Death on the Sunol.
LATTONVILLE, Aug. 17.— From Usal,
a small shipping point of this county,
comes news of the accidental killing of
Mervin Mayes on board the steamer Sunol
yesterday. Mayes was assisting loading
a Cargo of lumber and heavy piling, when
the tackling broke, crushing . the young
man under the timbers. Mayes was un-
PRINTING TRADES VOTE
TO STAND TOGETHER
Proposition of Stereotypers and Elec
i; trotypers to .Withdraw Defeated
at Milwaukee. J
:¦ . MILWAUKEE. ; Wls., : Aug. 17.— At the
session of '.the -International -Typograph
ical . Union - to : day ' the proposition of the
St.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
Tbe Marriage Problem
" How to be happy though married," has
been entirely solved to the satisfaction
of hundreds of thousands of women.
There can be no happiness without
health. The general health of woman
is dependent on the local health of the
delicate womanly organs. When there
are debilitating drains, or inflammation,
ulceration or female weakness, happiness
in marriage is practically impossible. A
host of hr.ppy wives testify that the
secret of happiness in marriage is found
in the use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription. It dries the drains, heals ul-
ceration and inflammation and cores fe-
male weakness. It makes weak women
strong, sick women well.
Mrs. Anna Willy, (Michigan House), North-
rille. Spink Co., S. Dak., writes: "I am enjoy-
ing good health, thanks to your kind advice and
valuable remedies. I suffered very much with
female weakness and other ailments for more
than two years, when I wrote to you for advice.
After carefully following your advice and taking
six bottles each of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription and ' Golden Medical Discovery ' I am
now a well and happy women."
Women are invited to consult Dr. Pierce
by letter, free. Correspondence private.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
A PUNGENT FOOD DRINK
With, the Taste of Coffee.
"Perhaps no one has suffered more
from the use of cofTee or failed oftener
in the attempt to leave it off than I
have. Although I never drank more
than hall" a cup at a time, it even then
gave me tour stomach and a whole cata-
logue of misery. This kept up for a
Jong period, and time and again I have
resolved that I positively would drink
r.o more cofTee, but alas! the rest of the
family used it, and, like the reformed i
drunkard who smells whiskey and falls j
again, when I smelled cofTee 1 could not
"Finally we came to try Postum
Food CofTee and my trouhle was over
lit once. There I had my favorite bev-
erage — a crisp, dark brown, rich cofTee.
with a fine pungent coffee taste, and yet
with no sour stomach or nervous trou-
bles after it. On the contrary, I have
gained gradually in strength and sturdy
health. AH who have spoken to me
about Postum agree, and we have found
it so, that the directions for making
must be followed, and it must be boiled
,at least fifteen minutes, or more, and it
clso requires the addition of good
k 'ream. We have tried boiling it a few
minutes when in a special hurry, but
found it insipid and unsatisfactory;
whereas by proper boiling it is dark and
rich, with a delightful flavor.
"Dr. McMillan of Sunbeam 111., said
h<* had rscd Postum and found it to be
just as good as coffee, and more health-
ful. He is an M. D. of fine standing.
Mr. David Strong and sister have lett
off cofTee and are using Postum. They
find it much more healthful. Rev. \V.
T. Campbell, pastor of the Second
United Presbyterian Church of this city,
says: "You may say anything good that
you wish about Postum Food Coffee
and I will substantiate it.' He was a
very prreat lover of coffee, and yet found
it very injurious to his health. He now
drinks Postum three times a day and the
old troubles have disappeared.
"I shrink from having my name ap-
pear in public. The statement I have
given you is truthful, and I hope will aid
tome "people to discover that coffee is
tbe cause of their aches and ails, and
they are in a way to pet rid of their
trouble? by leaving off coffee and tak-
*m.z up Postum Food Coffee."
• This lady lives at Monmouth. 111., and
her name can be given by letter upon
jipplicaticn to the Postum Cereal Co..
T^td.. makers of Postum, at Battle Creek.
POSTUM CEREAL.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Curs of Gonorrhoea, Gleets.
Strictures and analogous complaints
of the Organs of t.enerntion.
Price U a bottle. For a&te by drussUta.
Mich.
ADVERTISEMENTS.NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— R. G. Dun & Co."s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
After a great wave of advancing prices optim
ism ae to business Is gensrally dangerous. ; But*
the top was reached the middle of March, since
which time reaction has come in every great
industry, so that consumers are asking whether
In some directions the decline may. not have
been reasonably large, an . was the advance
and -whether buying on the present basis of
prices is not fairly sure. ; There are fresh evl
1 dences of weakness in raw materials, notably
the break In structural. Iron, but 'each one 1*
availed of to place heavy contracts. New lork
is, welcoming buyers from all over the coun
try In - larger numbers than for many years
at this season in. dry goods, in groceries, in
Jewelry and In hardware, and if contracts are
not placed to as large a volume, as- expected
It IS because of the conservatism of these who
think they ; may compel tome further shading
of prices. Reports this week from other im
portant points of distribution show the same
eagerness to buy when the time • seems right.
It is becoming more < apparent , that the bot
tom - has been reached in • prices of '- iron . and
steel.. .The; decline : was : severe ; and recovery
must be slow, but gradual advances and.mod
erately Increasing activity are/ more healthy
than r violent -changes. «•• In no single -division
Is the improvement more striking than In -any
other. ; Except steel , rails . all forms , of iron
from the ore to the finished product . are be
ing sought more eagerly and with ; less effort
to secure further concessions in prices."
The first effect of the official report of wheat
conditions, Indicating a? total crop; of only
Family Retail Market.
From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports are 21.O01.2SO bushels, against 26.1CD,0C9
bushels . last season and 22,343,076 bushels In
1898-99. -'/.v V- ¦ ¦..
Wheat, including Hour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3,113,841 bushels, against 3,318.
7C0 bushels . last week. 4,040,00a bushels in the
corresponding week of 1899. 3.9SS.348 bushels In
189S. 6,316,803 bushels In 1897 and 2,991,693 bushels
In 1S96.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will pay: Among the favorable features
reported this week are advices of further ex
pansion In fall trade distribution at leading
Western centers, with relatively best buying
proceeding, from those sections of the South
west which have profited , by good crops, a
rather -better distribution by/ dry goods job
bers at the East, a firmer tone and a per
ceptible growth in confidence, accompanied by
heavy buying in »ome classes of steel and iron
and a disposition to believe that an average
wheat crop and much more than average corr.
and oat crops are assured. Steady Increases
In .current grots railway earnings over a year
afro and. an exceptionally favorable net earn
ings report for the first half of the year arc
additionally encouraging features. The list of
unfavorable elements In the trade rtltuation is
at best a negative one, the approach of a
Presidential campaign, though less effective
than -usual in this respect, the backward de
mand for rprlng woolens and the slow demand
for the raw material, the restriction in pro
duction of some makes of cotton goods, the
dullness In building materials, notably lumber,,
and the backward Inquiry fcr boots and sho<-s
at the East, being among these. Speculation
In nearly alt lines, and especially in food pro
ducts, Is at a low ebb, and what price changes
are notrd are mainly because of this, though
weather and crop conditions have played some
part in wheat, corn and cotton respectively
The money market as a whole is still ea«=7,
the only Increase, in demand being noted at
the West where trade Is expanding, but where
moving crops are still in the future. The
prices of staples are perhaps slightly Irregular,
but changes are smsll and the larger numbci
of staples are unchanged. .
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NezvYork Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Aug. 17.— Tln^ was again os
lower ; In London and closed i weak at ; the da-
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— The cotton market
opened quiet and steady, with prices unchanged
to 1 1 point lower, . but ' developed a : steady un
dertone before the ( close of the . first hour^ and
scored an advance of: 4^6 points. Prices sub
sequently tumbled, to last, night's close. The
local, spot market >rent 7 off Vdc. . At the close
the market was quiet and steady,- with prices
1 point higher to 7 points ¦ lower. -- .
New York Cotton Market.
SHEEP— Dull; lambs. 5ifi!15c lower: good" tj
choice wethers, $4 10«?4 30; fair to choice mixed.
$3 eO5i4 10: Western sheep. $4@4 30: Texas sheep.
$3<??4: native lambs, $4 25®5 50; Western Iambs,
$4 75@5 75. Receipts. 7000/ ¦¦>
HOGS— Strong to 5c hipher; top.' $5 40; mixed
and. butchers, $4 95<g>5 32V4; good to i-hohe
heavy, $5 05?i5 30: . rough . heavy, $4 S5<g5 ."iO;
light, $5 05(35 40; bulk of sales, $5 10©5 30. Re
ceipts to-day, 18,000; to-morrow, 13,C00;:left
over. 2700. .
CHICAGO. Aug. 17.-CATTLE— Receipts. z:00;
steers gonerally ,10@15c lower;' butchers' stock,
slow and" unchanged; natives, good to prime
steers. $5 40©r. 60; poor to medium, 14 65(S5 33;
selected feeders, steady. $404 75: mixed stock
ers, $3 25f?3 50; cows. $2 90@4 35; heifers, $.W?
4 75; ennners. $2 2Oig'2 75; bulls. $2 7004 50:
calves, $4 50<fffi 75: Texas f^d steers. $4 20@5;
grassors, $3 25^4 10; bulls, *2 D0(Ri3 25. .
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Grapes— Malagas. 60<f?
85c single crates; Tokays, $10130. Pears—
Bartletts. $1 40(2*2 05 box. • Plums— Kelsey Ja
pans, 55@W)c; Bradshaw, average $1 45; Quack
enbos, 50S85C. \ Prunes— Gros, 75c@$l 20. Thir
teen cars fruit sold to-day, -r
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Grapes- Malagas, C5
@75c single crates. Pears— Bartletts. $1 10@2
box. Plums — Kolsey Japans, 80c® Jl 05 stnfj!«»
crates: Yellow Kgg, riOQCOc: QuackenboR, 8'1c@
$110; Columbia. io@45c. Prunes— Gros, • 60c(&>
$1 C5 single crates; Italians, $1 10; FallenborR,
80c@$l 10; German. 80000c; Bulgarians, G5©7r>c;
Hungarians, C0@80c. Seventeen cars fruit sold
to-day. •
LONDON. Aufr. 17.— The Earl Fruit Company-
Bales of Cn II fornia - fruit: Pears — Bartletts,
$1 08@l 56 half-boxes; Beurre Hardy, average
$1 32 half-boxes. Nectarines— Average $1 02 sin
gle crates. Peaches — Suscuehanr.a, average.
$1 44 box. Plums— Pond Seedlings, average $1 44
single crates; Washington, $1 44Q2 10; Kelsey
Japans. %2 10<!r"2 GO; Magnum Bonum, SI 44&>2 l*t ;
Eureka, average, $1 20; Yellow Egg., S6c$?$l 20;
Grand Duke, 90c(fT$l 20. Prunes — Gros, $1 33@
2:10: Silver, tl 56®2 16; Giant, 96c<??Jl 20.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Pears — Bartletts,
$1 50® 2 35 rer box and 93c® $1 25 per half- box.
Grapes — Tokays, $1 10<??2 35 per single crate;
Muscats, 60c@$l*25; Malapa, 65® 75c per single
crate; clustera. $1 2001 3.". Peaches — Susque
hanna, SOcQIl 03: McDevltt ClingS, $1; Late
Crawfords, 80c@|l 05; Mary's Choice, $1; Clings.
90e; Edwards, Sue. Plums— Kelsey, 65c<?f$l 05;
Japan, S5«5G0c; Imperial, 35Q60c. Prunes—
Gros, 80»ff-95c; Silver, CO^Oc.
NEW TORK. Aug. 17.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day: Pears —
Bartletts, 70CSJ2 per box and 55c4f$l Oj per
half-box; Buerre Hardy, fl. Prunes — German,
$1 35; Hungarian, G5c; Italian, $120; Gros. SOc
@$1 05. Falienbere, 75955c ; Silver, T'cCTJl.
Plums— Yellow Egg, 00c; P. D.'s. 90c; Colum
bia. 35$£50c. Peaches — Susquehanna, $1 20;
Crawfords, fl 15. Grapes — Malaga. I5c@$l 3D
per slnglo crate; Clusters, $1 20. Nectarines—
$1 40 r>er single crate.
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— i Sept. , Dec.
Opening 5 ll'i 6 0->i
Closing 5 115, 6 1
I PARIS.
' Wheat Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 19 DO 21 25
Closing 19 S5 2130
Flour— '
Opening 2.'. 55 27 55
Closing 25 70 27 55
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— If any expectation
had been entertained that the rescue of th?
foreigr. Ministers in China would arouse specu
lative enthusiasm Wall street's reception of
the news was disappointing. In fact the spec
ulation was more Fluggish than at any time
tbis work and the tendency until the last hour
reactionary. This proved that they event had
t-«»n fuliy <lif>eour.t«Kl. There was a conflict
at the 1 penlng to determine the market's ten
df-r.cy, in which the b»ars soon obtained th*
uj'per hand. In consequence there was a gen
eral .-.enir.e of prices, but in no case did the
fell reach a point in th railroad lii>t. The
mc*t effective celling was in the steel stocks.
th«- Breup tiding affected by. reports of trade
conflicts and expected cuts in products. The
Important mov^mpr.tjs of the day centered In
Brooklyn Transit and Consolidated Gas. Both
Ftof-kf. after momentary weakness, started up
ward and ended with good gains. Xo definite
news accounted for the weakness in the rail
road lift, but the opinion prevailed that the
profit-ialtir.i: wae primarily respor.pibls. In the
late -i. •.-.;:: *s an evening up of contracts v.-as
effective in wiping out much of the day's
lr^PS.
The bond market showed a reactionary ten
dency to-day, which is most pronounced In
irsues known as semi-ppeculatlve. Total sales,
par value, M7o.ono.
l.'nit'-3 Stat«p .*/S declined 'i and the old is
z * pfr cent In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Clo«lns
SoiW. Fto?ks— Bid.
Ti.^47 Atchison 2~%
7.«0.1 At<hi*on preM 70^
5,r-5 Baltimore «.- Ohio 71«i
Canadian Pacific S34
&v> Canada Southern 4-'»i
730 Chf-s^r^ake & Ohio 27 1 ,
400 Chicago Gr<*at Western 11
4.2C3 Chicatro Burlington & Qulncy..-....127«<i
200 Chicago lndiananolis & Louisville. 21
chicapo Ind!anaj>o!ls & Louis prefd. r<3
Chirago tz Eastern Illinois W4
300 Chicago iv Northwestern ...3e? J -»
f5 Chicr.Ro Etock Island & Pacific 107'i
M0 C C O i Si Louis .-,9',;
Colorado Southern 6»i
Cciorado Southern 1st prefd 4V
Colorado Southern Sd nrefd JS
:2~. Ixlaware & Hudson 112
Delaware Larkavuna & Western. .177
100 Uen\-or & Rio Grande 1S* 4
2;r> Denver & P.lo Grande twrfd 67
:20 Erie 10^
110 Erie 1st prefd Z3\
Grr-at Northern rrefd 1S2V,
BlOd Hocklnc Coal ir,'^
VJi Hocking Valley 341^
«7S Illinois Central ...117
100 Iowa central \%u.
Iowa Central prefd 42
Kansas City Pittuburg & Gulf.. 15*;
Lske Erie & Western 28
Lake Erie & Western prefd 92
Lake Shore ">03
2.100 Ixmisvill* fc Nashville :.'.'.'.'.'.' '.T,!
3,000 Manhattan L
3S» Meiror>OlltaB Street Railway . . .'.'..ZZT,
123 Merican Central 11 s '
101 Mlnnoaj>o!lR & St Louis -'; K:
10S Ulnr.«-ar>oiis & Bt Ixauis pr»f<3 f4j
2.430 MiSFOurl Pacific .^.. \iii
;. Mobile & Ohio _ " ?7 i*,
Missouri Konsat A Texas <mk
230 Missouri, Kaiisas & Texas prefd r,l
1,<5D Xrn- Jersey Central 154'i
500 New Tcrts Central ..!! 13jS
'M0 Norfolk A VVostern 341.
>Torf:>ik £: Western r>r«»fd 74%:
S.410 NorJlif-rn Pacific " ;jj^
COS Northern Pacific r-refd .'. 7m
100 Ontario & We»t<-rn 21 s .
<>reRon Railway & Navigation 42
Oroiron Hallway & Xa\-ltatlon pfd! 76
S.170 Pennsylvania 12SU
203 Keadingr 17'
2,4'JO Rradinff I"t pref.l rjji^
SX» ricadinrr 24 r>r«»fd
T>0 Rio Grand.- Western £9<^
Rio Grande Western rr^fd W)
gt Louis & San Francisco..; 9*4
St Louis & San Francisco 1st t>fd.. W
Ft Louis & San Fran<-l«co 2<1 pfd 34%
2T.0 St I-ouiB Southwc5tcrn 11%
7(10 • Pt Louis Southwestern prefd.. :s
t'W Pt Paul ...U4U
Bt Paul prefd •• 171
Et Paul & Omaha ..114
1.8C0 Southern Pacifle ...: 33
Zi3 Southern Railway 11»4
AVtr York Stock Market.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12.000 7.000
Wheat, bushels 331.000 2S1.000
Corn, bushels K.'.COO T.%0 0C0
Oats, bushels 3S2.<X^ 334!oOO
Rye, bushels: 2,flO0
Barley, bushels. „¦ 14,fvo "'i.'cco
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm: creameries. 16©20>ic- dairy
14'fTlSc. Cheese; steady. 10<&llc. Eggs, flrm;
Americans shared In this ris<\ but were not
prominent, and though London bought stocks
here it did not do so on-any extensive scale.
The Influences from abroad were, however, fa
vorable in the main and helped Wall street to
maintain a generally bullish tone.
The large gold movement to London has re- I
lieved that market. The London stock market, !
like our own, was favorably influenced by the I
successful advance of the allies toward Peking, •
and the further evidence that the Chinese were '¦
likely to surrender the Ministers and open ne
gotiations for a settlement with the powers.
In London also there seemed to be a scarcity
of "home rails" and other favorite invest
ment stocks, and with Its financial and politi
cal fears relieved, that market had a ueneral
advance. In which Chinese bonds and other re
cently depressed issues were prominent.
The stock market failed to sell off on the
gold exports as money was not affected to any
extent and it is recoenlzed that the inGow of
specie on the Pacific Coast from local mines,
Alaskan placers and shipments from Australia
will in all probability soon restore whatever
sum of gold the Treasury of the New York
Associated Banks lose through the present ar
rangements to supply European specie require
ments.
There has been considerable more activity
from the speculative markets this week. It
did not, , however, seem due to any revival of
public Interest or participation. So far as
the latter Is concerned, it la confined largely to
investment buying: of trunk line shares and
other dividend payers. This absorption of
securities has now been in progress" so Ions
and on' such a scale that there is in som« cases
a positive scarcity of stock. This gxratly limits
the ability of bearish operators to depress the
market and correspondingly facilitates any
manipulation for higher, prices.
NEW TORK. Aug. 17.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will tay:
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
Morning Session.
Board —
45 Contra Costa Water 63 Ef»
35 Hm.-kaa 23 50
40 Hutchinson S P Co.... 23 50
4T> Makaweli 44 5<» 1
$^XX) Northern Ry of Cal 5s IIS 00 1
*3OOO Northern Ry o( Cal 5a 113 12%
$7tOO Oceanic S S bonds 1C6 50
30 Paauhau S P Co 29 874
IS P F Gas and Klectrlo Co. a 80 53 00
10 S F Gu and Klectrlo Co 63 37'i
15 S F Gaa and Electrle Co 53 50
$3000 Sacramento Elec, Gaa aad Ry 5a.. 99 SO -
6 S V Water 93 2i
Street—
25 Alaska Packers' Ass© ». 11* 50
15 Hutchinson S P Co........... 23 ii
Afternoon Session.
Board—
E Centra Costa Water «* C'4
5 Contra Costa 'Water.................. «N 75
10 Contra Ccrta Water... 69 ¦*)
16.1 Contra Ccsta Water 63 25
13 Honckaa S Co... 2!» 50
40 Hutchinson S P Co 23
109 Makawell. b 10 44 37^
105 Makaweli. b 10 44 :»
60 Paauhau S P Co 23 ST^i
60 Pacific Gas Imp 51 iO
400 S F Gas and Electric Co 54 CO
Street—
300 S F Gas and Electric Co 54 "0
PRODUCERS OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
SO Home Oil 4 SO
20 Oil City Petroleum 17 25
IS Sterling O and T> Co 120
50 Sterling O and D Co 1U
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1000 Cala-Standard S3
MIXIXG STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday.
Mornins Session.
200 Belcher 14: 200 Mexican **
20O Belcher 15;:^>Orhir 08
200 Bs*st & Belcher. ?* j 6«0 P. tosi 13
2T:t> Best & Belcher. » 4C0 Silver Hill »t»
SO Caledonia *> i 100 Silver Hill Jt
4W Chollar 20' S'-'O Yellow Jacket.. SI
200 Crown Point.... 18.
400 Chr.Ilar I s JCO Silver mil 43
100 Ophir 51 »°" Silver Hill 5»
200 Potcsi I-"* 300 Yellow Jacket.. 31
200 Savage 12
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: - <\. ¦¦
Morninjr Session.
30ft Bullion 0*
200 Challenge Con.. 22
2m Chollar 2?
200 Chollar 21
300 Chollar 20
300 Cholliir 1*
200 Con Cal & V'.l 374
6f-o Justice ' — ft»
20O Justice 0t
?M Occidental 12
2«> (>rh!r :¦',
1W"j Putcrl IS
ZM Savajre 13
300 Sierra NevaJa.37 ! 9
260 Silver Hill 50
2Prt Silver Hill 47
tOU Hilv»r Hill 43
2't) Sltr\ • Hill 48
120(> Yellow Jacket.. 31
Afternoon Session
500 Andes 10
300 Belcher l->
2CO Best & Belcher. I 1 *
5T0 Bullion C."
2tt) Challenge Con.. 21
2W Con Cal & V.I 37' 3
100 Confidence ..... S3
200 Gould & Curry. 15
4W> Hale & Norcm. 22
30A Oi>hir S7
300 SSavag© 12
*M) Silver Hill...... «
5ro Silver Kill oil
2C0 Silver Hill 49
TOO Yellow Jacket.. 31
SCO Yellow Jacket.. 33
CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
FRIDAY. Aug. 17—4 o. m
Bid. Asa.
Alpha 08 03:
Alta <M 0.V
Andes W 1»
ftelchar 14 15!
Pest & Belcher, is V> .
Bullion 03 03
Caledonia 60 62
Chollar 17 1»
Challenge Con.. 22 24
Confidence 8>5 87;
Con Cat & Va..l 3: 1 4uj
Con Imperial... 01 02 i
Con New York. — 03;
Eureka Con — »o;
Crown Point.... IS 17-j
Exchequer . — Oil:
Gould & Curry. 13 16
Hale & Norcrs. 21 2t
Julia — 01 1
Bid. Ask.
Justice 03 05
KentucR 01 03
Lady Wash 02 —
Mexican 27 23
Occidental 12 13
Ophtr 16 57
Overman 07 03
Potosi 1." is
J-Javage 13 13
¦Scorptnn 02 —
peg Belcher 02 03
T-ierra Nevada. 37 3^
Silver Hill 40 |.\
S» Irfiuis — *{-A
StandaM ..^ 4 13 f V
?yn3icate — -*]*
l T nlr»n Con 20 22
jrtah 06 tvs
lYellow Jacket.. 32 23
FRIDAY. Aug. 17-1 p. rn.
BId.^si. [ Bid.A**.
V. 9 B~nd»— [Eqult G L Co 3>; XU
Is <}uar coup. .115 11."% EH Co. 10 11
13 do reg 115 113%, O G L & H 49 10
Is Co ci> new..UL" 2 ii;' 3 ; Pac Gas Imp.. 51 l i 52
Is quar coup. .103 lC0?i ?'«.• 1 • • .-.«-,
Mtai*U*ur»u» ' -^ac ElG&PCo. 23 ' 33
'•„•-" < ah »«.";n«lS - 3 F G A. E 53% 54
O C Water 5s. 106 106^j San i'rancisco. i 5^4
fc.12 L Ac f Hi.iii'n — -^tkn ij * E Co it» —
F & Cl Ry os.. 115 — Irsuranee—
Geary -st R Is. — 93 Firem's Fund. 227 —
H C & S 5?is. — — >^"<k «r^k«_
Do S« — 104 Anglo-Cal Ltd. e$ —
L A Ry as 106^4 — BanK or Cal.. — 412Vi
y. a Lt Co 6s. — — fa! £ l> & T..1O4^ —
Do er.Ul 63.. - - First Natlonl.275 —
L A cntd E8..10O 102^j ben P Si A....134H —
I. A r K K is. - — Merchants" Ex 15 —
Market-st 6a.. 127^ — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
TK> 1st M 33.113^120 Saviris Bank*—
N k: N O xt U. - - Ger S & L...1S30 —
N K ot Cal 6s.ll3 - Hum S & L.. — —
Do Es — — Mut Kav Bk.. 4S —
N •• • K K 6s.»m — 3 F Sav U M7 —
Do 53 10*4107 Sav & L So... 7* 78
N Cal Ry 5s.. — llUi . : -c Sav Bk.... — —
Oak <; L & H.1U M2 L'nton T Co.... — —
Oak Tran £s..ll7i;il3 Street Railroads—
Orsk W OKtdSa — 103 California ....123 —
Oceanic S Co..lO«?4 — s«i —
Om C Ry 6s... 127 — Market-st 63^ 83
1" Jfc Cl Ky i>s.l;3^i — O S L & H — 15
PiOKIi e?.llo — t'resiJlo — 22!i
i'c»'"-t l: «».?2i> — Powder Stocks-
Sac El GAR*. 9<"il01 r-»Uf*r*»« ..)-" 1»"<A
B F & SJV Eo.n>^ — iOiant Con Co.. S3 88
r <k* « a» «*••• 'H'iV'igorit — 3'i
S P of A 63...m%UlH! .^'o-k*
s ?* c «s>U»«J5). — Ul |Hana S P Co. 7*i S
Do M?0«> — mV^ •" ' * " f 'o «: -
Do (1912) llSVi — iHonokaa S Co. 20*; 30
!PhO-l <tn5s. - — i Hutch S P Co. 23 1 - —
SPBr «s 132% — IKIlauea SP Co 20^ a
S V Water 6s.ll3«4 — Makawell 3 Co 44 —
Do 4? 1(121*103 lOnr.mea S Co. 26»i —
Do 3d mt&.-lOIU — Paauhau S Co. 23% 30
EtMklu v*«5 tis j?-^ — •• >*• — iis—
V'f "-T-ck?- Al Pack Assn. — 113'i
Centra Ccsta.. 60^ 6D'-i L'al Fruit Assn 95 93
Mann Prmntv. 5U4 — ,. r 1 . , "T><' • ¦•
Spring Valley. 95"* SZ^ Oceanic 8 Co.. SZ*i 93
u» & r-i-ctnc — Pac A F A % —
r»nt O * L Co - — i-ut c Bor Coliu —
Cent L & P Co 4 3'i n sr Pa!nt Co.. 13 —
STOCK AND liO.NU EXCHANGE.
The only change of importance on the morn-
Ing session of the Bond Exchange was an ad
vance in Ga3 and Electric to K3 50. Business
was not over brisk.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric advanced
to $34 and Contra Costa Water to to 25.
The Home Oil Company has declared a divi
dend of 10c, and an extra one of the same
amount, both payable on the 20th. The stock
was firmer yesterday In consequence of this
divWend.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company haa de
clared a dividend of 23c per share, payable oa
the 20th. The amount is $23,000.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany has declared a dividend of SOc per ahare.
amounting to SCO.t/W, payable on the 2jth. This
is the thirty-eighth dividend.
The regular monthly dividend o? 42c per shars
by the Spring Valley Water Company will b«
paid on the 20th, amounting to $CS.80O.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 2—
August 73 73U 72% 72%
September 73% 73T4 72 7 4 73
October 74% 7a'g 73*i ' 73T»
Corn No. 2—
August 39!i 39:4 30\ 3D*i
September 39V» 39'i 39 39 Vs
October 37Vi S7 s i 37-*i 37'i:
Oats No. 2—
August* 21>4 21% 21*» 21'i
September 22 22 2»i 21%
October 22U 22U 22 \% 22 U
Mesa Pork. r>er bbl —
September 1140 1140 1100 1100
October 1145 1145 11 CO 1105
January 11 C7'^ 11 07><- 10 93 10 95
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 6 67',* 6 67VJ 6 37", 6 60
October 6 70 6 72^4 6dl 6 62«i
January 6 42V4 6 42'£ C 30 6 35
Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs—
September 680 6 S3 6 SO 6 S3
October 6 SO 6 80 6 77H 6 SO
January 5 75 5 77V4 5 70 5 70
Cash quotations were cs follows: Flcur.
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 72Ui{73c; No. 2 red,
75$76%c; Xo. 2 corn, SS'^c; Xo. 2 yellow, 39%c,
Xo. 2 oats. 22Ms©22>,;c; Xo. 2 white. 24Vi<(i26V-e:
No. 3 white. ¦' 24W24Vfcc; No. 2 rye, 51'ic: good
feeding barley. 3GVic: fair to choice mulling.
44&48c; No. 1 Max seed, fl 40; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $141; mess pork, per bbl, mt?H 05; lard,
per 100 lbs, *ti 60&6 ?i2 1 .*; short-rib sides (loose)
iC 75(97 10; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6H*i'
C»ic; short clear s>ide» (boxed), $7 25J;7 55; whis
ky. banl3 of hls-h wines, $1 23%: sugars, cut
loaf, 6.JSc; granulated, 6.33c; confec-ticners' A
6.2Sc; off A, 6.13c; clover, contract grade, $S 75
@9. i
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— Wheat opened weak,
unchanged to Vic lower, September at 73%i?
73>£c. A ray of bullishness was extracted from
lighter Argentine shipments and the fact that
Liverpool fhowed less decline than there was
here yesterday. September followed the open-
Ing advance to "3%c. but failed to hold it. The
habit of liquidation had a hol«f on local traders
as well as on some outside people. Western
receipts were small, but the selling continued
in a dreary way, the cash demand was slack,
the pit only half filled and September gradually
dpclined to 72%c and closed ft'S'Tic under yes
terday at 72T4@73c.
Corn was quiet, but firm. « Kansas still had
hot weather, which the experts used as a basis
for damage claims. September closed J ,4c higher
at 89HC.
Oats were quiet and dull. September closed
Me lower at 21%Q21ftc.
Provisions were dull, with unexpected weak
ness developing in lard during the session.
Ribs, on the other hand, were rather steady.
Local 8?lling of January products was the fea
ture of the market. September pork closed
30c lower, lard 5@7}&c lower and ribs un
changed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
A storm of th** Sonora tyi**? is apnarently
viorking northwwtnard and will probably cros?
the valley of the Colorado, and move upward
throughout Southeastern California.
Rain is falling at Flagstaff and also at As
toria.
The tcmrwaturf has risen over Northern
California and Nevada. There fca* been a
marked fall in Arizona and Southern Utah. A
thunder norn is reported et Flagstaff fni .44
rainfall.
ForwaFt ma.i" at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. August IS. ISO":
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday; warmer In the interior;
fresh westerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday, with
rain In the mountains; warmer; brisk south
weft winds.
»vada-Clou(iy Saturday; warmer In north
ern portion.
I'tah— Cloudy Saturday; probably rain;
warmer in Fouthorn x>ortion.
Arizona— Rain Saturday; warmer.
Pan Franrtsoo and vicinity— ClouJy Saturday;
frffh northwest wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
F< mnc.^ST.
The Mwttur* has fa!l<n rapidly along the
ooast. An arfa nf low r>r«»ssure is <1evelo;iing
in Texas. N>w Mexico an! Arizona. H*-avy
rain is Ifpuitrf in th«" mountains of Arizona
and corditirmF cr>» favorable for heavy show
ers arsi ;>ossibly washouts throughout Arizona
and silcrg the Mexican border.
(12f»th Meridian— Pacific Time.>
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 17.— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temixratures were |
rpportM from stations in California to-day:
Kur»-ka 61 Los Angeles 76 j
Mount Tamalpais 7* Sacramento 86 '
Indt-pfN'ienc*" M San Luis Obispo.... 70 i
RmI Rluff 5>« San Diego 63 j
Fresno Sj
Sen Francisco data: Maximum temperature. ;
61: mlnimuin, u?: mran, i*.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
Export! of Fl'-'ur from this port by eea during :
the first f^ven months of-the year were 739.S40 :
1>}]?, agra inpt €OS.O30 <luring the Fame time in -
l«rs. Reducing this Flour to a Wheat basis \
end adding it to the exported Wheat gives j
total Wheat exports for the seven months of j
T.'SS.Oi" ctls. valued at HbSTtJOtl againet 3.445.- |
t*0 ctls at J3.S41.700 last year.
Exports of Wheat and Flour.
P-p.-vMpts of Quicksilver at this port during
t!^ first M*ven xnonths of the year amounted to
H.TTS flasks, apainst 13.4C3 during the came time
last year. The exports by sea . during this
period were 4« flasks, valued at $232.34$.
aeair.st 67S2 flasks at $204. ICO last year.
Quicksilver Trade.
Th<» French bark Marechal Davout cleared
y«»Fter<iay for Queenstown for orders with 56.43}
ctls harley, valued at J53.600: 11.300 ctls wheat,
valued at fll.SOO, end 15,000 feet lumber dun
r.app, value |225. Total value, $6o,625.
Wheat Shipment.
The Kinrcss-sh'.re loads wheat or barley, or
both, for Europe. CSs 3d: the Wallace B. Flint,
Charters.
The canners report themselves loaded with
Pears and were not buying much yesterday in
the local, market. Peaches were also neglected
for the same reason. Fine Pears, however
were firm. , .
Th« market Is overstocked with Grapes at
weaker .- prices. Cantaloupes are doing rather
better again under reduced receipts.
Oranges are no longer worth quoting. Lemons
continue weak. ._
¦DECIDUOUS 'FRUITS— .
APPLES— 256iT.0c per box for common and
50c>ffU'for go^d to -choice: Crabaonies, 23Q.35c
per small . box and 50c -per large box.
PEARS — Uartlctts, : 2iCglZc In buxes and S15@
2o per ton in bulk. '
QUINCES— S0«60c. per box. '
STRAWBERRIES— S2 50^4 50 per chest for
large and $5®7 for small berries.
KASPHE«KIKS-K@7 per chest.
*¦ BLACKBERRIES— i"3«?5" per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5c per lb.
FIGS— 30c \for single and 50tff65c for double
layer boxes. \_ ,:.. .-- -
NFCTARlNfES— White, a5®50c' cer box; red
40c®|l.'-. ' : V >¦¦•-• ...
. PU7MS— 20O40e ner ; box . and crata: In bulk.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Fine ranch Eggs are bringing the top quota
tion, but th.e market is fairly supplied. Stocks
of. Butter and Cheese are ample for all require
ments. *
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 24@25c: seconds
23ff234c. --¦ - ¦
Dairy— Fancy. 224c; good to choice. 20@22c;
common. 13*JlSc.
Creamery tub— 20c per lb.
Pickled roll— 2Cc.
Firkin— lE@20c. »
CHEESE-rNew. 9@94c; fancy, 10c; old 8®
S4c; Young America, lC1?104c; Eastern, 134^
14c; Western. 10@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at I..J1 l?c for store and 21(3
25c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 144S1SC.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another car of Eastern came in. The feeling
In local stock continued steady, but prices. re
mained about the same. Geese were weaken
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gobblers
Bnd-10<fnic for Hens; Young Turkeys. l«5c-
Geese, per pair, $1 23(ifl 50; Goslings. Jl 50^1 75-
Ducks. $3^4 for old and $3©4 for young; Hens
$1 50®5: Voting Rooftors'. $4©5; Old Roosters.
$3 50@4 50; Fryors, J3@t; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and J2'@2 50 for pmall: Pigeons, $1 50<51 75
per dozen for old and Jl 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves. CO^i 65c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, $1 25S1 50; Brush Rabbits, 11; Hare
Jl 25.^
Poultry and Game.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Supplies of Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables
cdntlnue heavy and the market for all kinds
is low.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 60c: New Early
Rose. 25030c; Burbanks. SSig'iSc for Rivers and
Tofl'J~,c per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, l%^24c
per Ib.
ONIONS— Yellow, 50<ffG5c per ctls; pickle
Onions. fiO^TSc. , ,
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 50c@$l per sack.
60«i'75c per crate for Berkeley and Jl@l 50 for
Alameda; Grerti Peas, 2iS3c per lb; String
Beans, 2f?34c; L'.mas, 4@5c; Cabbage. 40@50c;
Tomatoes. River, 20((TI0c; Bay, ijiQlOc.- Egg
Plant, 50<375c per box: Green Okra. 40«i50c:
Green Penners, 3J®.-)0c per box for Chill and 40
(f?60c for Bell: Dried Peppers, S@10c: Carrots 25
(??3.'c per sack; Summer Squash. 83@50c for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 2. r .@30c for Alameda; Pickles.
Jl per ctl for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2: Garlic. 2
©Cc rer lb; Marrowfat Squash, |l.i@20 per ton.
BEANS— Bayos. J2 50«2 7j-. Small White. $3 40
©3 CO; large White. $2 60®2 SO; Pink. $2 25«2 75;
lted, J3 Z3CT3 50; Blackeye. $3 E0: Lima. $5 20®
5 25; Pea. $3 . r ,0@3 70: Red Kidneys. $3 25@3 TO.
SKKDS— Brown Mui-tard, nominal; Yallow
Mustard. 4c: Flax. J2@2 20; Canary. 3Vic per
Ib for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 24<g3c; Hemp. 4@4Vi-c; Timo
thy. 4@44c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. nominal: Green. J2 23@
2 60 per ctl; Blackeye. J2.
Beans and Seeds.
ThPn? vis nothing new In anything yester
day. Receipts of Hay were large again.
BRAN— $12»12 50 per ton.
MIDDLINrjS_ii6<gi9 per ton.
FEKDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $16^17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J25327; jobbing.
$27 f.0©2S: Cjcoanut Cake. J20S21; Corn Meal.
J26 r.0: Cracked Corn. J27: Mixed Feed. J13 3(>«m.
HAY— Volunteer, J4 0OP6 50; Wheat. Jl0©12;
Wheat nnd Oat. $:» JOffll 50; Oat. $S@iO: Clover.
J4>§6; Alfalfa. J6@7 W; Barley. 3d 50®S iO per
ton.
STRAW— 25<g-40e per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California. Family Extras, $3 600
3 7o, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 49#3 50;
Oregon and Washington. $2 75®3 10 per barrel
for lamily and $1 13<&3 00 for bakers'; Eastern,
J-l 7."»<i."> 73 per barrel.
MIL! "«TlJKFSi— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, l.iual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $i per 100 lbs; llye. Flour. $2 75; llyo
Meal. $2 V}\ Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. J2 73;
extra cream do, J3 50; Oat Groats, S4 50; Hom
iny, S3 50<??3 75; Buckwhrat I'louf. J4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat, i?, 50; Farina. $4 50; AVholo
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). JS
©7 25; In sacks, ?5 75©7; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas. $3; Green Peas. $3 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — No sales. " 4
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, 76c;
2000. 761ic; 20fO, 70'ic; 2UC0, 76%c; 2C00, 77c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 12,000
ctls. 75%c; 4000. 7:.%c.
Afternoon Session — December— 4000 ctls, 71%c;
2000, 71"'.c: 40C0, 15c.
OATS— Were quieter yesterday at unchanged
prices. " 1
Whtte— $1 i;<Sl 35; Surprise, %\ 33-31 40; Red.
tl ICigl 25: Gray. Jl 12H<21 30:- Black, for feed.
$1 lOfri 13: for seed. Jl 15<J?1 22H P<»r ctl.
CORN— Continues quiet, with greatly reduced
offerings.
Eastern. $1 20; California Large Yellow,
$1 V.Wtn » r>er ctl: White. $1 174&1 20; Small
Round Yellow, Jl KH^l 20.
RYE- y0ftS3%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Fred, 7."c fer No. 1 and 674©724c for oft
grides; Brewing and shipping grades, 80<gS5c;
Chevalier, nominal.
BARLEY- The market is lower. The depre
ciation is due to the lower standards Just fixed
by the Produce Exchange, as the crop is in
ferior to last year's. Good feed last year would
make brewing this year; hence the lower prices
of the just several days.
Regular Morning Session — December — 4CvO
Ctls. n CS'J; 24.000, fl C9; 12,0-'O, %\ OSTi; 40C0.
$1 0S%; 20CO. $1 0S4. May-SGOO, $1 134; 2000,
U 13%; 12.000. $1 13li.
Aftcrnon Session— December— 4<V)0 ctls, $1 OSVi;
400O. n OSU; 1S.0OO. $108; 24,000. Jl 07T«.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
6000 ctls. |109%; 16,000, Jl 09%. May— 12,000.
Second Session— December— 10.000 ct'.s, $1 09H-
CALL BOARD SALES.
Liverpool and Paris both declined. Chicaco
was very quiet, irlth hammering by the bears.
There was some commission buying and cover
ing- of shorts. It was still dry in Kansas.
Argentine phlpmpnts were SCO.OCO bushels.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, *1 02%; Milling. 11 OS
©1 07%.
WHEAT— Futures continued to decline
rapidly snd sr>ot quotations were also lower.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sight — t] SSjJi
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 »4r*
Sterling Cables — 4\ SO
New York Exchange, sight — VA
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61
Mexican Dollars, nominal — «4
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— The following table,
compiled by BradFtreet, thows the bank clear
ings at principal cities for the week ended
August 16, 1900, with the percentage of in
crease and decrease, as compared with the cor
responding week of last year:
¦ r, ',-- ' Percentages.
'Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $700.6P7.fcS8 24.0
Boston 100.S63.K9 16.0
Chlcapo J1S.I91.587 1.9
Philadelphia 71.142.541 .... 21.0
St. i/oul* 32.9S5.590 ».6
Plttsburg 27.74S.920 31.6
Baltimore 15.S09.794 .... 9.9
Fan Franrteco 21.904.185 4.0
Cincinnati 14.O22.150 2.9
Kansas City 17.567.001 28.8
Now Orleans 6,362.706 .'. .,, 6.3
Minneapolis 9.343,762 9.8
I>etrolt 11.126.423 14.2
Cleveland vlO.OS3.937 2.3
Louisville 6.453.535 v 8.4
Prvldence 5.650,700 .... 2.6
Milwaukee o,lC9.?.v3 .5 ....
Pt. Paul 4.1J9.322 4.«
Buffalo ; 5.O41.5S2 17.3 ....
Omaha 6.224,829 7.1
Irirtlannpnlls 5.913,^29 7.7 ....
Columbus, 0 4.9f,9,4C0 17.1 ....
Savannah 2.R54.S0O 33.1 ....
Denver 4.173.037 27.8
Hartford 1.8S4.736 21.6
Richmond 3,CS5,031 .... 8.1
Memphis ,1.691.769' 9.0
WaFhlngton ..• 2,071.3=4 9.0 ....
Penrla 1.923.090 6.0 ....
Rochester 1.734.3V2
New Haven :. / 1.355,424 .... 18.8
Worcester I.ttP.Wg .... 10.4
Atlanta 1.337.26R 14.6 ....
Salt Lak» City 2.123.9S8 7.7
Sprincflcid. Mass... 1.319.341 4.5
Fort Worth 1.871.592 ....
Portland. Me 1.003,166 55.2
Portland. Or 1.790.8C8 13.5 I
Ft. Joseph : 3.S8.-I.153 7.7 ....
Los Angel** 2.267.675 28.6
Norfolk "1.103,380 '2.6
Syracuse 981.158 * 4.6
Des Molnea ¦ 1.16O.40G • 1.7
Nashville 1.13S.J42 19.0
Wilmington,- Del.;;. -l.051.es5-- .... 9.8
Tall River.....:...., 534,606 .... - H.a
Scranton 8S2.3O0' .... 23.5
Grand Rapids ... , 1,201.428 .' ..... . ,....
AugUitU, Ga. ..• .-.' CS0.J25 ;••.... .-• 15.0
Lowell 504.282 ....
Dayton, O 935.690 .'..; B.I
Seattle 2.5C2.871 '.... 16.J
Tacoma ............ 1,169.941 .' 18.» ; ....
Spokane 9S4.576 ...... -14. T
Sioux City.. 995,712 33.3
Bank Clearings.
310 Southern Railway prefd 52H
Texas A Pacific 14 1 *
5,470 Union Pacific Wh
2,070 Union Pacific prefd 76
Wabash 7«4
C20 Wabash prefd W*
Wheeling & Lake Erie 8%
700 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 23**
400 Wisconsin Central 14%
140 fhird Avenue HO
Kxi're&s Companies —
Adams 124
American 154-
United States 45
Wells Fargo .*. 124
M iscel laneous —
American Cotton Oil 33
American Cotton Oil prefd Ss'^
750 American Malting i\
American Malting- prefd 23V*
2.f<>0 American Smelting & Refining 37Vs
423 Am Smelting & Refining prefd £3
American Spirits ll!i
American Spirits prefd 17
3 ! X> American Steel Hoop 1SV4
4"fl American Steel Hoop prefd: 67
6.400 American Steel & Wire S4»;
2>iO American Steel & Wire prefd "4 1 *
2.500 American Tin Plate J6
American Tin Plate prefd 7S
3.220 American Tobacco 9Z\
American Tobacco prefd 128
5^ Anaconda Mining Co 45&i
13.1(0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit »S*»
570 Colorado Kuel & Iron 35*i
2,2.'-O Continental Tobacco 25*»
100 Continental Tobacco .prefd 7 s
5.42« Federal Stwl U\
W0 Federal Steel prefd 67
400 General Electric 135
Glucose Suear. ex dlv 51V4
Glucose Sugar prefd, ex dlv 97>-i
International paper 23
International Paper prpfd.. CtS
4(W> Laolede Gas 74Vi
430 National Hiscuit 81
National F>i«rult prefd $7
<M) National L*>ad 174
National Lead prefd 904
SfO National Stee! .- 264
f.00 National Steel prefd *i%
New York Air Brake 1S4
400 North American 15
rCO Paci^c CoHft 55
Paciric Cf>ast 1st prefd SS
2"<j Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
800 Pacific Mail 81 a i
•X-0 People's Gap - 9S»*
Pressed Steel Car t 49
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 72
1W Pullman Palace Car I«s7
FtandarJ Rcr* & Twine IV*
6.2M> Sugar 124*»
LSOO Sugar prefd n 6
1.323 Tennef=fe<!.X'oal & Iron 70 s ;
I'nited States Leather 10 T 4
700 Vnlted States L*j.ther prefd CS'i
1M) Vnlted States Rubber 30*;
fnited States Rubber prefd 94
P75 Western I'nion 804
225 ReT.ublic Iron & Steel Co IUi
Republic Iron & St»el Co prefd 53
P C C & St LoulR 54'i
147,000 Shares Bold.
CLOSING BONDS.
D S rc-f 2s. when 1 VI K & T 2ds W*i
Issued, reg 104 • Do 4s 92H
Do coupon 104 N Y C lFts lflS^
U S 2-= ret? 10O |XJC gen 5s 121%
Do 3s reg '...109 K Pacific 3d «4
Do 3f coupon 109 Do 4s 103*4.
Do now 4s regr....n24|N Y C & St L 4b. .10714
Do new tr coup. .133'j ' N & W con 4s S7 r «
Do o'.d 4s reg 115 {Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4? coup...lir.4| Do 4s 1024"
Do El reg 112'*tOr Short Line 6s. ..126
Do ">s coupon 1124i Do con 3s 112
Dist of Col 3.65s. ..122 Reading gen 4s 87*6
Atchlson gen 4s...lOO'iH G W l»ts US
Do adj 4s «;>iuSt L & I M con 5s. 110%
Canada So 2ds 108 jSt L & S F grn 6«.l2l%
Ches & Ohio 44s.. 99«;jSt Paul cons 167
Do :.s 116% St P C & P lsts. ...us
Chi & N con 7s 133 | Do 5f< 119
Do S F deb 5s....l2O»4 Po Pacific 4s 784
Chicago term 4s.... 92%, So Railway 5s 10S*i
Colo So 4s S2 ,'Ptand R & T Cs.... «S
D & R G lsts 102 ITex & Pac lsts 111%
Do 4f 97%; Do 2d» 06
Erie gen 4s ess* t; Pacific 4s 105H
F W & D C lsts... 72 iWabash lsts 1174
Grn Electric os 1154 | Do 2ds 101*i
Iowa Cent lsts 1134 ;V.'e?t Shore 4s 1114
K C P & G IMS... CS WIs Cent 1st* 89
L & N uni 4s 9fc% iVa Centuries 90
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 16 Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 12:Ophlr 50
Con Cal & Va 1 25; Plymouth 10
Deadwood '. 45 , Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 12j Do prefd 6 50
Hale & Norcross... lo'Slerra Nevada 33
Hnmeftake 53 OO'Standard 3 75
Iron Silver M Union Con.... 17
Mexican 24 I Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money— (Union Pacific 59
Call loans 2*53 West Knd 93
Time loans 3®4>4 Westinghpe Elec... 45V4
Stocks— Wis Central 14H
Atch T & St Fe... 27 7 i Bonds-
Do prefd 70-ilAtchlRon 4!« M
American Sugar.. ..1244 IN E Gas & C 5s.. 64
Do prefd 136 j Mining Shares — .
Amer Telephone... 142 Adventure 2%
Boston & Albany. .2^ |Allouez Mln Co.... 14
Boston Elevated... .144 lAmalg Copper S»4
Bostf.n & Maine.. .1SS 'Atlantic 224
Chi B & Q 1264 Boston & Montana.31«
Dominion Coal 40%!Butte & Bonton 61
Do prefd 1184 Calumet & Hecla..75O
Federal Steel 3<4 Centennial 17%
Do prefd 064 Franklin 114
FltchburK prefd 137 iHumboldt 25
Gen Electric 1354 Osceola 67
Do prefd 133 Parrot 42
Ed Elec 111 205 ,Quincy 140
Mexican Central... 11% St Fe Copper 4%
Mich Telephone — S5 Tamarack 209
X E Gas & Coke... 144, Utah Mining 31
Old Colony 204 iWlnona 3
Rubber 30% Wolverines 40'.4
LOCAL MARKETS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Silver about the same.
Wheat and Barley lozver. Other cereals quiet.
Hay and Feedstuff s unchanged. Beans and Seeds quid.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in large supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs steady. •
Poultry in more moderate supply.
Prunes likely to be very small this year.
Provisions dull, but firmly held.
Wool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
Shortage in the Salmon pack this year.
Quicksilver quoted at a decline.
Nothing new in the Meat market.
¦ WASHINGTON. Aug. 17.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the Jj: so, 000, 000 gold reserve in thP
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, J141.5£0,6S4; gold, $72,900,418.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— Money on call easy
at m@lH per cent; last loan, 1U per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 4@5 per cent. Ster
ling exchange steady, with actual business <n
bankers' bills at $4 87»4 for demand and at
}4 S4 for sixty days: pceted rates. $4 Si<ir4 85H
and.. J4 8S 1 i®4 S9; commercial bills, $4 &SY t^!
4 8334. Silver certificates, CUif^lic. B.ir sil
ver. 61c. Mexiran dollars, 4S'/sc. State bonds,
weak; Government bonds, weak; railroad bonds,
week.
New York Money Market.
London bought American shares moderately
until New York began to sell, then the market
relapsed also. Copper stocks were weak' and
demoralized on account of the last fortnight
ly statistics.
Th* bank bought £102.000 in bars and is send
ing on to the Cape £25.000.
N'EW TORK. Auf. 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was very slack hero to-day. This
was partly in anticipation of the holiday to
morrow, but the tone was unsettled also by the
news from South Africa that Do Wet had
escaped Kitchener, the apprehension of trou
ble to grow out of the situation at Shanghai
and the lack of any official confirmation of
the reported relief of Peking.
London Market.
Kew Bedford ' 412.C07 .... 1.1
Knoxville, Tenn.... 495 267 8 5 ...
ka • S43.445 23.4 , ....
lllrmlngham 623.509 15.5
Wichita 3C7.025 .... 22.0
Olnghamton 357.900 23.5
Lexington, Ky 423,025 39.8 ...!
Jacksonville. Fla... 19+;o(M 27^0
ICalarnazoo 441.753 1.6
Akrpn, 0 484.300 12.0
Chattanooga 409.7?6 41,0
llockford. 111 270.709 7!5
Canton, O :.... 233.968 .... 137
Springfield, 0 235,423 D.3
Farko. N. D 220.3C5 8.3
Sioux Falls. S. D... 133,607 .... 12 5
Haetlngs. Nebr 159,279 .... '9 2
Fremont. Nebr...... 122.S50 .. 8 2
Davenport ........;. 9S7 "36
Toledo 2.13C.395 .'.
Oalveston 4.21S.OO0 10 7
Houston 5,334.2SS 13.2
Helena ...; . b ... 642.013 .... 6.9
Evansvllie . 894.59s 7.8
Younustown. 0 257 1*8 13 7
SprinKi'.eld. Ill 433icC2 2CK2
Macon 447.0CO 6.1
Little Rock S94.S40 52.1
Totals, USB.....$^2C2.802.7j!6 18.6
Totals outsia*:X. T * 562.104. 92S 2.2
DpMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal ..':........ $13,SG3,Sf.3 .... 2.1
Toronto. 8.991.459 9.5
Winnipeg 1,343.800 22.8
Halifax 1.6S7.057 24.3
Hamilton 643.030 4 1
St. John. N. B 8S9.GS2 26.9
Vancouver. B. C... •' 973.641 10.3 ....
Victoria, B. C j 6J6.916 10.5
Totals J2S.976.478 1.9
Frjers. each 40043 Hare, each -*}»*
Key* gsiESB . Dove9 - per dz - Kc£l1 " fl0
Fruits and Nuts
Almonds, per ib-.K^—jOrangea. doz — «—
A^ Ies •••• 4'a)5!Umc 3 . per doz...U$_
P-anarras. dozen.. .l.-.^y Lemons, doz 15&
l.lackb»rries. dr.. «.: fir. Nectarines, pr !b I'm s
«-rabai>pl»s. per lb 47t ft! Plums, per lb 4'rt 5
Cantaloupes, each l,fir\:,\ Raisin?, per lb.... Sttta
Figs, per lb I4R0I Raspberries, Owr.VXtZB
Hppes. per lb.... 4-3 Si Peaches, per lb... 4a «
watermelons, ea.. 10^351 Strawberries, per
Nutmeg Melons, a | drawer 2<v<?40
earI > -®5 ¦Walnuts, per lb.. US-
Vegetables —
Artichokes, doz.. .SO.^.-n; Onions, per lb.... S3 s
I Asparagus, per ntfO&UtOkra, green pr nuWQ
; Beet*, doz 12m5 Peppers, green lb ifm
Deans, white. 1b.. per lb.. 3O ¦;
Colored, per lb. 40 5 Sweet Potatoes., ifs z
JAma. per ib....— ft s; Parsnips, per dcz.V.ffr-
Cabbasp. each.... 5-/710 Radisiies. dj bchsinf!*
Cauliflowers, each "alOSage. dnz bnchs..23«33
Cfifry. tanetf ."«— IStrins rie.'ir.s. lh.. Z.i 5
Crops, doz br. t\%.2'V«2Z Sumrnir Squash
Cucumbers, pr dz.10®— per lb 4"^-,
Egg Plant, lb 8010 Thyme, per lb...'.2':r>
Green Corn. <loz..l<W,-.o Turnips per doz ytftV,
Oreen Peas, lb 5<ftS 6iTomatoe3. per lb. |fl |
L*ttuce. p'.-r doz.lC'cf — I
I Fish
j Barracuda \in— !Shad 10ft—
Carp SOXO'Sea Hass — -r_
I Codfish !2f*— ' Smelts 12^—
Flounders S'dlO. SJoles liWT—
Halibut 1C& — Skates, each *•« 12
Kin^Ksh ...«» 9® — T"mcod — '?!)
JlJ>cker°l .". Wit— Clams, gallon..... ."C^—
Do. Horse 12U-3— Do hardshell. Ib ?u_
I Prreh VfT 12 Crabs, each IT-,*;?—
Prir.plno SC3 — ; Do softshell dz W3
R.^"kfl?h — «l;ii> 1 Mussels, quart.... MrjO
Salmon, fresh IO5T2O Oyster?, Cal, t00..400SO
Do, smoked — .— (S15| Do Eastern. doz25@io
Shrimps 8til0'
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
The market for evaporated npples continues
quiet, but about steady, with nominally un
changed prices. California dried "fruits v.-ei\?
dull and unchanged nt 3's@7c per pound for
prunes as to size and quality.
STATli EVAPORATED APPLES— Common
was quoted from 3c to 5c; prime, 47i^5 1 4c;
choice, 5%©«c; fancy, 6-yi@"c. i#l _ ¦
APRICOTS— Royal. ll(fT14c; Moorpark. 12?Tl.c
PEACHES— Peeled, 14018c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW TORK. Aug. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts.
42,638 barrels; exports, 502S; quiet, weak and a
¦hade lower on spring patents.
WHEAT— Receipts, 107,9:5; spot, weak; No.
2 n?d. 7'J?ic f. o. *b. afloat: No. 2 rad, 77Ue
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth. S2',4c f. o. b.
anoat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth. S4',*c f. •->
b. afloat to arrive. Options rejected continued
bearishness of sentiment, with liquidation
again the feature, inspired by more liberal
country offerings of new wheat, very email
seaboard clearances, weakness abroad and
scant expert inquiry. Closed weak at tt®5i«o
net decline; September, 7S^®T8%c, closed at
"SUc; December, SO 3-lC08O%c, closed at WViC.
.HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, barely steady; No. 1 in
voice, STttc; mild, market quiet; Cordova, nom
inal. Futures closed steady al net unchanged
prices to 5 points advance; total »il<s, 2.....0
bags. Including November. $7 C,#« 70; Decem
ber, $7 rn^tl SO; January, $7 ?0; February, $• »0
<g7 S3.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4652 packages; firm;
creamery, 17%@21c; current packed factory,
14fjlCc.
F.GGS— Receipts, WO package?: firm; Western
rf-gular packing at mark, 10£?Hc; Western,
loss off, 15@itic.
New York Grain and Produce.
Failures for the week were 161 in the United
States, against 15C last year, and 24 in Canada,
against 24 last year.
513.997.000 bushels, was to strengthen prices,
but when the Secretary of Agriculture was re
ported as predicting "dollar wheat" before^ the
end of the year the market showed an inclina
tion to disagree and the September option feu
below SOc at New York for the first time in
two months.
FOR FRIDAY. AUGUST 17
Hour, qr sks 9,542 Middlings rks 44a
Wheat, ctls 13.SM Sugar, sks.... .' '. 700
Barley, ctls., 125.742 Hay. tons. 1 ij«
gats, ctis 2.040 wool, bales..::::: *•¦«
Rye. ctls..... 2.140 p e i ts , Ml**.... " 30
Cheese, ctls 137'Hldes No m
Putter, ctls 247 ! Lime." bbls...' ?«
Beans, sks W'Fgg*. doz "" T» i-,n
Potatoes.^ks..... 2.770 Quicksilver, fta'ks 4-
Onions aks 5?5 father rolls....! 61
Bran, sks 6,160 Wine. gals.. 12 ;oo
Receipts of Produce.
SALMON— Various estimates of the 1300 pack
have been made of late, but they dtaasree so
widely that It Is inadvisable to give figures
until the exact rack is determined. The Alas
ka pack will undoubtedly exceed l.OOO.OOO canes
One authority gives the following shortage*
compared with ISM: Columbia River, 40 000
cases: Pusret Round. SOO.OOO; Fraser River 35*> -
000. Tho r-ack of outside British Columbia
rivers will probably be equal to last years
The Alaska Packers' Association is ex:>eet<vi
to name prices next week. Present quotations
are $1 07U©l 13. The bulk of the Columb-a
River pack is reported already contracted for.
SUGAR — Th» Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quoti's. rer lb. in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.60c; Powdered,
C.JOc; Candy Granulated, 6.20c; Dry Granu
lated. 6.10c; Confectioners' A. 6.10c: Magnolia
A. 5.70c: Extra C. 5.60c; Oolden C. 5.50c: bar
rels, 10c more: half-barrels, 23c more: boxes.
SOc more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or It3 equiva
lent. Dominos. half-barrels, $.Soc; boxes, 7.1')c
per lb.
QUICKSILVER— The local price has declined
to $-18 per flask.
Harrison's circular* ?ays: "During the week
there have been ?lx arrivals of coal from
Washington. 1S.545 tons; two from British Co
lumbia. SSOO tons; two from Australia. 6760
ton3; two from Baltimore. S700 tons; one from
Oregon, 3ft tons; total, *;.<V>3 tons. If we were
assured an equal amount weekly for some
months to ccme, there would be no grounda
for fear of a fuel shortage, as thl* is largely
In excess of our weekly demand. Every possi
ble cnJeavor is being m2de to get fcufflcient
ahfad to have a reserve later on for our fall
requirements ; so far we have been unsuccess
ful. Prices are firm and deliveries are beinff
taken fre«-!y from shin's side on arrival, leav
ins no accumulation to be yarded. The for
eign arrivals cut a very small figure in aiding
us. as the cost at original point of shipment
ad(!rd to present rate of trans-shipment, make
the figures prohibitory. Reports are cominjr
in from varied interior sections of the Increased
oil output. It is sincerity to be hoped that
these reports may be verified, as this winter we
will look to oil to prevent any fancy figures
beinc asked for other fuels during the season.
Producers of coal and oil cannot complain of
Ijrevalllnsr values for their output, as a hand
some profit Is left for them, with a positive
assurance that present prices will Drevall for
many months to come. Large shipments of
bituminous coal are renaned being made to
some of the seaports of France for railroad
uses, also to other European stations which
hfietofore drew their supplies from England."
COAL— Wellington. 19 per ton: Southfield
Wellington. $9; Seattle, 17; Bryant. $8; Coos
Bay. ?5 SO: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wall
sond. $3; Cumberland. $12 in bulk »nd $13 25 in
sackK; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cari
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton In bulk and
$1S in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45
per 2000 lbs. and $S 50 per ton. according to
brand.
DAGS-San Quentin Bags, $." 63: Calcutta
firaln BaK«. v CTic: Wool Bags. 2S 1 4332t4c: Fleece
Twine, 7Hc; Fruit Bags. 6H<§6%c for white and
SHfiSS^ic for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hegs. G'ffeVic for small. 5 1 i / S.">TsC
for medium nnd 54i?; B tiC for large; stock Hcgs
and feeders. 5U<55Sc; dressed Hoga. 8®SV»c.
UMB- Sprlnr. SH^Sc per lb.
There is nothing new to report In this market.
BEEF— 5*?Cc per lb for fair to choice.
VEAI-— Large. 7gSc; small. S^flDHc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 74®sc; ewes. 7«J.'%c per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands geli
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, SV^c: medium. S^c: light. 8V±c; Cow
hides. 8%c; Stags, 6c; Salted KSp, 8c: Calf. 9c:
Dry Hides, sound, 15c; Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf,
lie; culls and brands. 12c: Sheepskins, Shear
lirj?s. 20@30c pach: short Wool 30fi50c each;
medium. 60@S0c; long Wool. SWcfftl 10 each:
Horse Hides salt. J2-22 25 for large. SI 75 for
medium, ?1 for email and 50c for colts; Horse
Hides, dry. |1 f»0 for larg». $1 25 for medium,
$1 for smail and 2r.<f?50c for colts. Deerskins—
Summer or red skins. 33c; fall or medium
Kkins. SOc; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins-
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, SOc;
medium, 35c.
TALLOV.'-No. 1 rendered. 434'^c per lb; No.
2. 3fi3Vic: grease. 2@2'.ic.
WOOLr— Spring die le quotable as follows:
Northern free. Ii?rl6c: Northern, defective. 12dt
14c; Middle County, free. H'giec; Middle Coun
ty, defective. i:«j»c: Southern Mountain, 12
months'. llQ12c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. VyQlZc; Southern Mountain.' defective.
7 months' 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendocino,
16S17c; N>%-ada. 13316c per lb.
Fall CliD— San JoaQuin. 8@10c; do Lambs',
S09Vic; Humboldt and Mendocino, 10@12c;
Mountain. 9f{10c per lb.
HOPS— Old. nominal at 5@10c per lb; new.
10<gi2c.
All descriptions stand about the same.
Hides, Tallozv, H'ool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8v4c; thre»
half-barrels. 8%c; cne tierce, SHc; two tierces,
SV&c; five tierces, SHc per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per fb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9V*c.
10-lb tins. 9«ic: 5-lb tins. 9 vie.
CURED MEATS- Bacon, lO^c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium, 12^c for light. 13c
for extra light and H%c for sugar cured. East
ern sucar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family. S14; extra I'rime
Pork $15 50; extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12£&13c per lb.
Provisions.
The market shows no. change. The feeling
continues firm. Reports from the Prune dis
tricts far that the sizes will be very small thlf
y'rar and that -law slJcd P runra will form a
VC^rw n^oT-P ! ru a n e el 0f no t m !naT? P Apricots. 6^
Re- for Royals and 9«Z10Hc for Moorparks;
Pvacorated Appl«. tfcfc: sun-dried 3^3>.c
*« 5 i J • f«r standard. 6c for choice and
f c lor fancyi P«r3. G«7%c; Plums, pitted
BfTte- unpitted. lffl^c; Nectarines. 4&5c for red
onri r i0lCc for white.
r\YsinS— Bleached • Thompson's fancy, per
th lflc- choi-e, 9c; standard. 8c; prime. 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c Jalumw-.
Fancy per lb, S'.ic; choice. 7Vje: standard 6Vic;
prime' 5c7 unbleached Sultanas. De: SoedUss.
oihWiiM 5c- 2-crown loose Muscatels. i>".-e;
« crowT^c? 4-crown. 7c; London layrs. 2
crown tl&O rer box; 3-crcwn. $160. Fancy
Clu"e'r« r; Dehesa. $2 SO; Imperial. ?3. All
prices V. o. b. at common shipping points in
C NUTS— Walnuts. S@10%c for standards and 9
ff/llefor softshe'.ls; new Almonds. UWlVic
for paper shell. 9V4@10e for soft and 6#7c ror
hard-hell- Peanuts. D@6Hc for Eastern and
5fi6c for California Brazil Nuts. 114il2>ic; Fil
berts, 12@13=: Pecans. ll©13c; Cocoanuts. J3 SO
13@14e for bright and 125^
l"i,c for llcht amber; water white, extracted.
7 I/q,7%c: light amber, extracted. 6i»@C}lc; dark,
5><.*i6c* per lb.
BEES\VAX-24@26c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
$10@15 Per ton; Prunes. 25050c per crate; Egg
P1^ACH 0 E ti2^ r 5 O C ° n per box and Z^SOc per
basket- In bulk. *10<g20 per ton for freest™-
Md JlW» t0T iUnSS: Mountaln Peacnes - »»
35@40c per crate;
T,r,7«4ts 35<S63c per crate; Seedless, 4*3Soc per
crate" l'weo?w^ter. 2S6 »c: black pgToOc; To
kay. 30@50c; Isabella, $1©1 15; Wine Grapes.
$22021 per ton for Zlnfandel and fla for green
R MBLONS-Nutm4s. 23® 50c per case: Canta
lnunps 50c3$l 23 per crate; Watermelons, *>®
6 with eltra lanre at $20©25 per 100
CITRUS FRUITS-Lemons. $1 oO«2 for com
mon »nd $2 50®3 50 for good to choice; Mej/:an
Lim»s $8 50«?7: Bananas. $1 23^2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50@3 30 per dozen.
LONDON, Aug. 17.-Consols. 9S%£9S%: Sil
ver, 2S 1-lCd; French rentes, lOOf 45c; wheat
cargoes on passage, easier and neglected; No.
1 Standard California. 31s; Walla Walla. 29s
6il; English country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 17.-\Yheat, quiet: No. 1
Standard California, 6s 3>£dff«s 4fl: wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, dull: French coun
try markets, dull; weather in England, splen
did.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 19-32d.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Aug. 17.— Wheat— Dull and * un
changed; Bluestem, Me; Club, 6Gc.
WASHINGTON.
>>-; £;-;> , : ;---V i OUEGOX.
PORTLAND. Aug. 17.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
C5c: Vallpy. 51g55c; Bluestem, 58e.
Cleared— Bark Bowman B. Law, Queens
town, 24.060 barrels flour.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 17.— Clearings. $340.
164; balances. $47,460.
Portland's Business.
cline. This caused a similar loss In the local
market with no buyers at : any price. in'
close here was very weak at $31 30 for SP° 1 ;
Copper was quiet and unchanged locally, dul
was 5s lower abroad, on the large visible sup
ply flrures. closing at £73 10s for spot and
£74 for futures. Lead was very dull and un
changed at $4 25. Spelter ruled weak and par
tially 5 points lower at 54 12%<S4 17%. The
Iron and steel markets were dull, weak ana
unsettled and nominally unchanged. Trie
brokers' price for lead was 54 and for copper
*ifi 75. . " -
THESAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1900.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
Butter continues to rise, but Cheese and Eggs
stay about the same.
There la no further advance In Coal.
Meats and Poultry are about as before," the
latter being plentiful. • **
There is little new to report la Fruits and
Vegetables.
Coal, per ton—
Canne! | ©u 00'
Wellington .. @n CO
Seattle 9 «% •
. Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per pqr...5O(5J6O;
Do. per roll 40&45
Cheese, Cal...:...lG<<m
Cheese, Eastern.- 17«2D'
Cheese, Swiss. 20«?35
Common Eegs...:.l7jg2i)
Meats, per ll>=^s
Bacon ........ \V...!S©17
Beef, choice .v.U«f2£>
Do. frnrxi.;. ..lOiffiS 1
Corned B«ef.. .....— @io
Ham, Eastern... v. 154* 17 1
Lard..... .....— «il.V
Mutton lrxznsj
Spring Lamb......l2<ai:>l
Pork, fresh.. ......13(0201
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each........5Ce63
Young Roosters,
¦ each r.~r.".r..~... 6O<073
Old Roosters, ea.— S50
Southfleld
Wellington #11 00
Coos Bay © 7 SO
Ranch Eggs, per
dozen 23@30
Honey Comb, per N
pound lZflVi
Do. extracted. ..10^12
Pork." salt.. 11-315
rork Chops 13#1"»
Round Steak. .....lOftli
Sirloin Steak 15©—
Porterhouse .do...20fti".
Smoked. Beef — «M3
Pork Sausages. .12Y x &20
Veal -^@15
Ducks, each £0<@S0
Geese;. e«ch...$l 50<Sl 73
Plseons,' pair. 40#CO
Rabbits. Dalr llXhM
10
Dun's Review of Trade.
Chicago Grain Market.
AlCTION SALESa
C - HW » AUCTIONEER.
•n a i S it- i U ,"L d 2 y^5 nd Tues< *ay. Ausrust 23 and
rlett nJ?' M - iKK1 T T ST - near Eishth. a com-
r p ™ n««ery stock of plants and ftowera and
dllc^r jardl T n , !errs - *»»« MM Plants of every
description. Particulars see Chronicle
EMIL COHX. Auctioneer.Commissioners Consider the Bids of
BOSS VALLEY SEWEH SYSTEM.
The will of the late Lot D. Slocum,
who died in Colusa July 24, was filed for
probate yesterday. Decedent bequeaths
hli< entire estate, which exceeds $10,000 in
value, to h!s widow, Ruth B. Slocum.
Lot D. Slocum's Will.
Answers were filed yesterday by the
executors, heirs and devfce^s under the
•HI of the late William A. Piper to the
contest liled by Dr. M. M. Shearer, de
cedent's coudn. • The respondents enter a
*rrn«-rn;^oe-nial to all allegations contained
in TJr. Shf-ar<r's contest.
Piper Heirs File Ans-wcr.
Milton Appel was granted a divorce yes
terday from Lottie Appnl by Judge Bahrs
on the ground of desertion. Marcella
O'Connor has been granted a divorce from
Thomas J. O'Connor on the ground of
habitual Intemperance.
Were Granted Divorce.
Contests Mother's Will.
i
I
;
|
A contest to the will of the late Carrie
M. Allen was filed yesterday by her son,
Charles II. Allen. The contestant alleges
that the will of the deceased now in pro
cpfs of probate is not decedent's will and
that it was not signed by her or at her
request.
i from the California Commissioners at
'¦ Paris announcing that the California Can
; m-ries Company. Limited, of this city has
j i*fn awarded a pold medal for the best
j **if=r:lay and eiuallty of canned fruits cx
i hil/ited at the exposition.-"-
California Wins Gold Medal.
cablegram was* received yesterday
PHOENIX, Ariz., Aug. 17.— A message
was received hero to-day telling of an
other mining war in Cananea, Sonora.
Several years ago a man named Ltnd
sey located a mine group known as the
I.indsey claims. He became involved in
a dispute with a locator named Greene
over the boundaries of the claims,
which have never been settled. Llnri
sey aold hi? claims to a syndicate,
including Senator Fairbanks and Mayor
Taggart of Indianapolis. Greene's a<V
verse claim was known to the syndicate
and a representative was sent to the City
of Mexico In the interest of the-, pur
chasers. In, tho meantime Greene . took
possession, but the syndicate procured, a
court order putting Lindscy In possession.
The Judge • of the- court accompanied
Lindsey to Cananea, but an armed force
directed by • Greene prevented the execu
tion of the order. A report of the affa'r
was sent to Hermosillo and' an' armed
force of eighty men left there
to assist in carrying out; the order of- tho
court.- .¦ . - r ..toumwiw :
Mining War in Sonora, Mexico.
Army orders — Captain James R. Ash,
Twenty-ninth Infantry, now in San Fran
cisco, having resigned, is honorably dis
charged on account of physical disability.
California— Original: George Tucker,
Kxeter, $6; Hewlett Miles Woolsey, San
Francisco, $6. Widows— Julia A. Fultz,
Los Angeles, $8; Mary J. Barnes, Willow
Raneh, $S.
Oregon- Original: Robert V. Cresap.
Kingston. $6; David McArthur, New Kra,
$(5; Mexican War Survivors— Reissue— John
Swinden (dead). Murphy,. $12.
Washington— Original widows: Marga
rietha Ru^ch, Colville, $6; IClmlna I* Cur
tis, An.ie-'jrtpsi, 58.
The following additional substations of
the San Francisco Postoflice will be> estab
lished September 1: No. 2'). McAllister and
Baker streets; 21, Powell ond 1'ost streets;
">2. Third and Bryant streets; 23. Duncan
and Church wtrcfts; 24, 8O."» Larkln, street;
25, Visitatiem and San Bruno avenues; 25,
J144 McAllister street.
Pensions issued:
. WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— Postmasters
commissioned:
Oregon— Harvey A. Powell, Carson.
sions Granted.
Spe-clnl Pisnatch to The Call.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen-
INTEKESTS THE COAST. ,
Thrae Insolvents.
Petitions in Insolvency were filed yester
day in the United States District Court as
follows: Ren 13. Stanley. San Francisco,
liabilitios $»)•; 20. no assets; Peter Jacob
f^n, farmer. San Francfsco. liabilities
$7.77 C5. no assets: George F. Willlngham,
San Francisco, liabilities $11M D2, no as-
DO SUBTERRANEAN
CONVULSIONS CAUSE
TRAIN RUNAWAYS?
Special Dispntch to The CaH.
REDDING. Aug. 17.— To a stranger
cause than the "Kruttschultt cycle"
is attributed the freeiuent disas
ters on the Southern Pacific Rail
road in this section, resulting from
runaway freight trains. The start
ling theory is that subterranean
disturbances, jarring the earth's
surface, start the cars on their wild
runs elown the grades.
Those! who give credence to this
theory advance these puzzling
views:
First— Thnt heretofore there have
been no similar eli?asteis.
Second— That the train men are
just as careful as ever, and have
been more so since the first train
started on its wild runaway trip.
Third— That the air . and hand
brakes are sound and ' strong as
ever. .
Fourth— That the cars .start on
their mad flight long after the
brakes have been set and the trains
have come'to a standstill.
From these premises they argue
that a sudden | upheaval of the
earth, due to a subterranean dis
turbance, must be the cause that
puts the trains In motion. They
point to the fact especially that in
the latest occurrence of this kind
several days ago the eleven cars
composing the train had been
switched on to the main line In the
Slsson yard and had been^standing
there for some time, when suddenly
the cars, began a swift run down
the' grade to Mott. Fortunately
Brakeman Brown, who was .the
only one of the crew on the cars, 1
being then in the caboose, did not
lose his presence of mind, and set
all the hand brakes. -; succeeding In
stopping, the. train' after a half-mile
run. This had been the fourth run
away 1» four weeks.
Pavert Is Arraigned.
R. J. Pavert, builder anei contractor,
charged with a felony by obtaining about
$€000 from Lyon & Hoag, real estate
.iconts. by false pre-tense-s, was instructed
chel arraigned befcre Judge Cabaniss yes
terday. By con>-cnt the case was contin
ued for a week.
Zick Abrams, the poolpeller, has peti
tioned the Superior Court for a peremp
tory writ of mandate to compel Chief of
Police Sul!i%"an to remove officers from
the petitioner's px<?ni!sos, 101 Ellis street.
Abrams alleges that the presence of the
police injures his business and is a gross
abuse of their official authority.
He Objects to Police.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— George Kelley Is
dying In Seney Hospital In Brooklyn, from
the result of a knockout blow delivered by
Michael Myers in a "tryout" bout at the
Greenwood Athletic Club last night. The
boys were deadly enemies on account of a
young gjrl and sought the aid of the club
so that | the grudge could be settled regu
larly and they would escape police inter
ruption. * Kelley has not yet regained con
sciousness."
Probably Fatal Knockout Blow.
. . VANCOUVER, B. C. Aug. 17.— Just as
the strike'of the machinists and boiler
makers of the Canadian Pacific Railway
seemed to- have been adjusted, the bal
ance of the employes : In the mechanical
department, numbering 120. went out to
day. The men say their action is in
tended, as a display of Independence and
that all. will go to work next Tuesday,
the wage schedule being practically
agreed upon. *
Strike to Show Their Independence.
SAN DIEGO, Aug 17.— Jesus' Machado
and Antolne Mansur, two men who "nave
been watched for years by the customs
office of this city, have at last been
caught in the act of smuggling by Deputy
Collector Todd. Collector j Bowers says
he Is satisfied that Machado has been
smuggling both ways over the line for
years and has become wealthy at the
business. When arrested last night near
Nestor thd two men had a well-eeiuipped
pack train of nine horses, and were pre
sumably going down after goods sup
posedly concealed near the line. They
were 'held by Commissioner Knowles for
trial In the United States District Court.
Arrest of Smuggler Suspects.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug.. 17.— E. B. Martin
elli, former District Attorney of this
county to-day received nis commission
as a member "of the Board of Managers
of the State Asylum for the Insane at
Ukiah. Mr. Martlnelli succeeds J. Q.
White of Ukiah, whose term has ex
pired. Mr. Martinelli has long been iden
tified with the interests of the Republi
can party in this county.
a Ukiah Asylum Manager.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Marin'6 Former District Attorney Is
OFFICE FOR MARTINELLL
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 17.— Members of
County Boards' of Education will not bt
paid the $5 per day which has been al
leged their due. This was made positive
to-tiay when Judge Trask of the Superior
Court handed down his decision in a cas«
brought to compel the county to pay the'
claims. The decision is of importance
and of material interest to every county
in the State.
The title of the case is known as Thorn
vs. Los Angeles County." and concerned
the vexed question as to whether or not
the members of County Beards of Educa
tion are entitled to n compensation of $5
per day Instead of $300 per -year. The
court, in a lengthy opinion, has decidea
against the salary claims by upholding
the demurrer of the District Attorney,
but allows tho bills for their mileage. The
case Is an important one not only because
several counties are awaiting its decision,
but owing to the fact that almost every
county in the State pays its Board of
Kducatlon $5 per elay.
Serve for Annual Salary.
Members of County Boards Must
NO PER DIEM AIXOWANCE.
Chinese Intsrpreter Arrested.
Jerome Millard, ex-Chinese Interpreter,
•was arrested in the corridor of the City
Hall yesterday morning by Policeman
Rainsbury and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of vagrancy. He ha?; been
hanging around the Police Courts* for a
Inn? time tryinp to make some money by
ns&istlng Chinese having business in court.
There are 271 log schoolhousea In Mich
igan.
The telephone boxes in the Washington
street market, between Montgomery and
Sansome streets, were robbed by burglars
on the same morning. Only a small
amount of money was secured.
The telephone box In the Merchants'
Exchange, on California street, was
robbed of $6 in coin early yesterday morn
ing, and Arthur Squasmi reported the loss
of a valuable camera, which was stolen
in a Sacramento-street lodging-house.
Burglars made a bold attempt to secure
treasure In the grocery store and saloon
of John Staude, at 815 Pacific street, early
Wedriesday morning. They made a com
plete search of the premises, but were
baffled by the caution that had been
taken by the proprietor in concealing his
sold amons some oltl papers, where the
crooks- thought It useless to look.
The burglars entered by a side door, and
must have continued thoir operations for
some . time. They ransacked both store
ami barroom and left the place iu a state
of disorder.
Treasure That They
Sought For.
.
Crooks Fail to Secure the
BOLD BURGLARS
OUTWITTED BY
GROCERYMAN
WASHINGTON. Aug. 17.— United Ptates Con
sul Roosevelt at Brussels has informed the
State Department of a lockout In Belgian glass
works. The union of glassworkers. numbering
GMjO, says the Consul, recently notified the man
ufacture-rs that ns thflr dcmnndR were not
granted, they would abandon work, and tlie
manufacturers replied by announcing the shut
ting down of all tho works on August 1.
LXSAVKNAYORTH, Kans., Aug. 17.— Captain
Oberlln M. Carter, Ecrvlng a sentence in the
Federal penitentiary for defrauding the Gov
ernmrnt on Southern contracts, was visited to
day by Dr. Carter of e:hira£r>. h!.-» brother, ami
L-. D. Carter of Oakland, Illinois, an uncie.
After rt conference. Carter's relatives are <iuot
ftl as saying they have strong hope of securing
a pardon for the captain.
TOPiCKA, KatiB., Aug. 17.— At a meeting of
the board of directors of the Kansas Exposi
tion Oorcpany to-day, John E. Frost, formerly
lnnd commissioner of the Santa Fe, was elect
ed president. The object of the association is
to hold an exposition In Topeka in 1904 in cele
bration of the ?emi-oent°nnial anniversary Of
the State's a'lmisKion to the Union.
ALLKNTOWN, Pa.. Aug. 17.— A passenger
train on the Perkiomen Rairoad struck a team
of horses and wagon at Palm. Montgomery
County, to-day, and instantly killed the three
occupants of the vehicle, as follows: John F.
wolle of Allentown: Harvey C. Wolle. his
brother, of Allentown: John V. Gottschalk of
New York, a brothfr-ir.-law.
JOILKT. 111.. Aup:. 17.— Ann Ingersoll, Fames
ville, Ohio, the woman who in May, 1S3S. kld
raptd Gerald Lnpin»r. acred 2's years, in Chi
ctiKO. and k°pt him hidden several months, has
gone inrar.e after confinement in the State
penitentiary. She was taken to-day t<^ Kan
kakee insane asylum.
.WIXNIPKG, Men., Aug. 17.— The Cajadian
Pacific hay decided to grant schedules to the
allii>a mechanics and boiler-makers and recog
nize them a= a body. Both officials and men
express confidence that the strike will be satis
factorily settled within a few days.
TOPEKA, Kan?., Aug. 17.— The population
of Kansas, according to the returns of town
ship assessors, tabulated by F. D. Coburn,
secretary of the State Board of Agriculture. Is
1,444,708, a net gain in the preceding year of
l'XCW, or 1.37 per cent.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich.. Aug. 17.— The eighth
victim of Wednesday's collision on the Grand
Rapids end Indiana Railroad died to-ily in the
City Hospital. He was Baggageman David C.
Power?.
LONDON, Aus. 17.— The United States cruiser
Baltimore, with Rear Admiral John C. Wataon
on board, homeward bound from Manila, sailed
from Gravesend to-day for Belfast.
HOimirRG, Aug. 17.— The Prince of Wales
arrived here to-day.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
WOODLAND, Aug. 17.— The Woodland High
School will reopen Monday. August 27. and the
grammar grade will reopen on Monday. Sep
tember 3.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. '17.— The County Hospital
received to-day the oldest inmate who ever en
tered its portals in the person of an Indian of
Aptos. a native of this county, named .Martin
Corros, who la 112 years of age.
STOCKTON, Augf. 17.— Stockton is to have a
lager beer brewery to cost upward of 1150,000
and to be built at once. Work on the buildings
will be started within thirty days and will be
rushed along as fast as possible-.
STOCKTON. Aue. 17.— News of a rich strike
in the Black Oak mine In Tuolumne County
has been - received here. It is a parallel ledse
struck at a depth of 1000 feet, showing a width
of ten feet and assaying from $49 to $70 to the
ton. - /
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 17.— Hugh Glenn,
operating a linotype in the Oregonlan office, to
day set 2S33 lines or 73,«aO ems in eight hours.
It is considered a remarkable piece of work* as
It was done unfler ordinary circumstances anil
not as a test of speed.
STOCKTON, Aug. 17.— Valentine Capurro, "a
young native of Stockton, was drowned here
this evening. With a companion he was at one
of the warehouses on the water front when the
watchman called out to him. thinking he was
after wheat. Capurro ran to the channel and
plunged In. Efforts at rescue failed.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— J. Dillon, H. Men
nen. J. Losue. F. Jones, J. Sanders. J. O' Hrien,
M Rr.aeh. J. CZartllner, I>. Shipley, B. llansen.
p" Bosen, J. Patton. J. Pi.xon, J. Landers, C.
Duke, S. Gruerr.an. F. WVJfe. J. Ramsay. A.
Martinz, F. T.anker, F. Paine. F. Manner, J.
Shelton.' G. Anderson, F. Hushes. P. Lockwond,
C Donovan, J. KoKera. J. I>oucla»9. K. Wells.
L." Greenan. F. Kankln, E. Kipp. G. Irvine. F.
Hulbert. F. Cre.wder.
I'ntler-water swimming contest, divln? for
plates and high diving for boys, open to all.
100-yard race, amateurs— J. Bradley. F. Ra!
uton. R. Ridinc. C. Harnes, C. Augustus, C.
Levin, M. Carmody. A. Clayton. E. Ilaynnltl,
R. Cnrdell. H. Gilbert. G. Irvine, L. llanlnn.
TV Carroll, J. Gardiner, T. Thompson, P. Lo
gan. W. Cook.
Trick and fancy springboard divtntr— J. A.
Jackscn, F. Brnwa, P. Logan. J. Heckett. O.
Butterworth. G. Kelly. AV. Cook. L. Hanlon,
W. Carroll. L. Hayward.o. E. Bell. L. Scott. J.
Dlxon. O. Mlsner. P. Sunberj?. T. Carter. II.
Feebaeh. H. Ryan, L. Summer. C. Duke, J.
Gardiner, T. Thompson, P. Logan.
Swimming at Sutro's.
The swimming races at Sutrn Baths to
morrow will find the following in the lists:
WOODLAND, Aug.- 17.— The bay coun
ties' electric power cables will cross the
Sacramento River at Vernon, where two
steel towers, ninety feet high, will be
constructed. These towers will support
the cables at a sufficient height to enable
any steamer that plies en the Sacramento
River to pass without danger during high
water. •
Power Cable Towers at Vernon.
It may be that Mrs. Howard's refusal
Is due to the fact that a new club, headed
by her brother-in-law, John Orr, has been
formed, and that this club may be given
a lease of the property. Another surmise
Is that the lease was refused for the sea
son that it might interfere with the sale
of the land.
SAX RAFAEL, Aug. 17.— The famous
Country Club has received "a be>dy blow.
To-day Mrs. Julia Shatter Howard posi
tively refused to renew the lease to the
club of some 16,000 acres of land. The
club will still have considerable territory
left, but the grounds -that have made it
the Mecca of hunters will pass out of Its
control.
Lease to Country Club.
Special Disratch to The Call.
Mrs. Howard Refuses Renewal of
GAME PRESERVES SHRINK.
Slneles. third round— A. W. Got* b<»at E. r>.
I!la.-k, 6-1, 7-5, 6-0; \V. A. Lamed beat M. <J.
Chase, 6-2. 6-1, 4-6, 6-0; O. L. Wrenn Jr. beat
R. 1>. Wrenn. fi-4. fi-1, «-«; B. C. Wright beat
I>. F. Davis. 4-R. 4-5. S-«J. 6-3. 6-2.
NEWPORT. R."I.. Aug. IT.— The all
comers tournament went through tho
third round to-day. The men for tho
semi-finals to-morrow will be O. L. Wrenn
Jr.. A. W. Gore of England. W. A. Larnerl
anel B. C. Wright. Summary of to-day'3
play:
nament at Newport.
WILL PLAY IN i SE2H-FINALS.
Results in All-Comers Tennis Tour-
y T has been finally decided that the dec
ij oration of Market street shall be along
ll the line of the street on each side, and
shall ccr.slst of poles fifty feet apart
festooned with bunting and garlands of
greens. At the head of each pole there
will be a banner surmounted with small
flags gracefully festooned. From each
pole there will be a garland of cver
gre-ens, and above these there will be a
festoon of electric lights.
J. B. Whittemore, great grandson of
Commodore Sloat, a member of National
Parlor, has been invited to act as special
aid to the grand marshal
The T'nited Ancient Order of Druids has
adopted designs for two iioats. These will
show lessons of Druidism. There will be
about &(W Druids in line.
The committee having the bay celebra
tion on the night of September S in charge
met In the office of the Chief Wharfinger
of the erection of a peristyle, it had been
decided to have a large electrical star of
E50 lights over Market street, between
Third and Kearny. at a height of 120 feet.
Tha Mutual I>ight Company will furnish
the illumination for this star free . of
charge
Willis Polk offered a suggestion that the
floats should be formed into a division and
be paraded at night, being: of the opinion
that the effect would be much greater
than by day. Mr. Polk was made an hon
orary member of the general committee.
The parade committee has given notice
that floats shall not exceed eighteen feet
in height in order to clear trolley wires.
The transportation committee reported
that the North Pacific Railroad Company
will give half rates from all important
points from Friday until the following
Wednesday.
The committee, at the close of business,
adjourned out of respect to the memory
of the late Colonel Duboce.
yesterday. It was announced at the meet
ing that'every craft in the bay had been
chartered to carry passengers during tho
celebration. '1 here will not be a aisen
fraged river boat, ferry boat, tug or
launch on the night of September 8. The
committee decided to give a prize of $150
for the best-decorated ship in port on the
day of the celebration.
The general committee of the celebra
tion met last night -with Vice President
Dinkelsplel in the chair.
The finance committee announced that if
the collection of funels -warrants, the ap
propriations to the various committees
will be increaped.
The committee on parade presented a
lensthy report. This shows that thero
¦will be a very attractive parade, with a
large number of floats by Native Sons ami
other organizations. There will be about
sixty floats in line.
The committee on decoration reported
that as the appropriation will not admit
OFFICERS OF LA BANDERA PARLOR, N. D. G. W.,0F SACRAMENTO CITY.
Dr. Lee anel Mr. Dart left here last Jan
uary for Arizona. Hoth had been in ill
health and the journey was Intended to
benefit them. They sailed for China a
short time later, but did not make the
slow stapes Intended because of intense
heat. The last letter received from Dr.
Lee by his relatives was dated Hamburg.
July 27. Then his friend was extremely
weak, but n«thins was said concerning
the young physician"s condition. They
Yvere to sail as soon as possible for New
York. The next word was that announc
ing both deaths and thf* burials at a*>a.
The young men had been Intimate
friends and companions from chiklhoed.
Dr. Lee had establishes himself In tho
practice of medicine and -was well along
toward success. Besides his mother, a sis
ter. Mrs. Frederick C. Turner, survives
him. Mr. Dart leaves three sisters— Mrs.
Edgar Mathews and Mia Edith Dart or
this city and a married sister, whose
home is in the East.
The news was broken to the mother of
Dr. Lee. who Is Mrs. H. J. Lee of Berke
ley. The shock was sr> severe that the
bereaved parent was prostrated.
After a tour of the world together. Dr.
Arthur S. Lee and Walter Dart, prom
inent in Oakland, Berkeley and San Fran
cisco, died at sea within twenty-four
hours of each e>ther ¦while returning home
upon the last stage cf their circumnavi
gating trip. News of the remarkable oc
currence reached here to-day from New
York. Dr. Lee succumbed on an ocean
steamer to appendicitis, exactly twenty
fDiir hours after his companion had
passed away. The deaths occurred Au
gust 13 and 14.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Aug. 17.
Dr. Arthur Lee and "Walter Dart Pass
Away and Their Bodies Are
Buried in the Ocean's
Depths.
While Nearing the End of a
Tour of the World the^
Call Comes.
DEATH STRIKES
TWO COMPANIONS
WITHIN ONE DAY
Council No. 1— E. R. Myrlck. T. J. Stanton;
; No. 2— James P. Bex, B. C. Healey; No. 3— John
I E Richard? Jr.. F. A. Kesseler: No. 4 — John J.
i Dudlv J. J. Bernard; No. C— J. P. Carroll, P.
J D. Campbell; No. 6-A. D. McKinnon; No. 7—
! George M. Kelly, William H. Langdon; No. 8—
I I>aniel McCarthy. John Connolly; No. 10— Rev.
I J. W. Sullivan, Emmet J. HayJen; No. 11— F.
!j O'Brien, P. J. Long. J. F. McNiff; No. 12—
I E J. Cook, George J. Crinnion; No. 13— P. B.
1 Lynch J. H. Brennan; No. 1S^-P. J. Carolan;
I No 1«— Herman Here. Daniel Kinch: No. 21—
Frank B. Gihb; No. 24— Rev. T. J. OConnell:
: No ::>— Rev. T. J. O'Connell; No. 27— Daniel
; Healy J. D. rowell; No. 31— M. A. MclnnU;
. No. 34— F. J. Driscoll, Charles F. Healey,
I Thomas J. Maooney: No. 30— Charles L. Ehner,
T J. Savage, Frederick H. Juns: No. 41—Wil
liam 1'earc", Dr. McDonald; No. 42— E. F. Ly
"i men- No. 43-H. C. Hall; No. 44-D. P. Regan;
' No. 4>-R. J. Dowdall: No. 46— F. J. McIIenry:
• No 47 — J. I>. Whaleri. F. Mulqueeney; No. 55 —
i C A Drury, WP.liam F. Cribbin; No. E&— Neal
Power. \V. Chester Keogh; No. 61 — J.
P Jordan; No. 64 — T. A. Toni; No.
C-— John O'Neil. D. B. McDonald: No. 72—
' I) F Keefe, J. C O'Donnell: No. 74— .lames
: (ilackln. John Reldy: No. S6— Hev. F. fv "Welch,
I Thomas F. Butler; No. S7— John. J. Thornton:
: No SS— Thomas Connoley; No. «4— J. Hally, W.
| J. Crinnell; No. 127— Dr. C. J. McCarthy; No.
, 3<H — Manuel Ferry; No. 3C7 — N. Conachy: No.
i 3o« — Ger-rre A. Ducan; No. 310— P. F. Cannavan;
| No 46o— Jopeph B. Bllafer, N. Schneider; No.
470— Harry H. Haly, 1). T. Powers; No. 473— J.
i W. Sharn: No. EOS— M. J. MrDermott. H. M.
Nesriy; No. JCO — F. P. Kierce; No. 513— J. M.
¦ IIr.>-hes.
1'ast presidents— J. J. McDade, W. W. Flem
; ing, J. F. Fu'.Iivan. James F. Smith, C. P.
: Rfndon, F. J. Murapky. Frank J. Kierce, John
t Lynch, James ejallagher. Samue! Haskins. Dr.
: T. H. Morris. P. I>. ; R*v. M. Slattery. G. P.;
! A. F. St. Sure, grand president; L. E. Mahan,
i first vice preri<ient; D. J. O'Leary, second vice
¦ ! president: Georee A. Stanley, G. 6.; XV. T.
I Aege!<r. G. T. : E. Sweeney, G. M.: T. J. Ho
1 ran, O. I. P.: F. F. Dunne, G. O. S.; E. My
¦ rick J. J. O'Toole, E. J. Doliard, John Riley,
! J. A. Dunleavy. T. E. Collins, T. M. Kelly and
j L. W. Mahoney, rcrar.d directors.
Following is the list of delegates:
Executive — W. J. Eden, chairman; J. T.
Bu5tin. secretary; James F. Slar.ney, treasurer;
3. D. Barley, A. E. Scott, M. K. Cochrar.e,
Edward Ccnroy, Frank P. Urady.
Finance — James Manney. chairman: W. J.
Kden. M. F. Cochrane. Frank P. Grady. Ed
ward Conway, John IX Begley, It. W. Johnson,
E. J. Hayden.
Printing— A. E. Scott, chairman; John T.
Bustin, Thomas F. Boyd.
I're?s — M. F. Cochrane, chairman; E. J. Hay
den, W. J. Eden. *
Accommodations— James Manr.ey, chairman;
Edward Conway, F. P. Graily.
Excursion and transportation — E. J. Hayden,
chairmen: J. T. Bustln, A. E. Scott.
Itelipious exercises— Father Sullivan, chair
man; Father Esao. Father Phillips, Dr. J. W.
Wtckman.
All communications concerning the Grand
Council should be sent to \V. J. Eden cr J. T.
Buetir.
Tuesday will be given over to business
and in the evening a reception will be
tendered the delegates in Armory Hall by
the young ladies of the city. A business
pension will occupy Wednesday and the
grand ball will be held in the opera-hOUBti
in the evening. After the close of the
business session on Thursday a banquet
will be given in Hotel Rafael.
Following is the list of committees in
charge of the arrangements:
The reports to be presented will show
that the work during the past year has
been satisfactory and that there has been
a good gain in the finances of \ho subordi
nate councils. There will not be, so far
cs is known at this time, any changes in
the constitution, except that an effort will
be made to have the urand Council located
permanently in Ban Francisco.
The Gri>nd Council will open with a
solemn high mass at St. Raphael's Church
at 10 o'clock. The mass will be cele
brated by Grand Chaplain Rev. M. D.
Slattery of Napa Council. The sermon
will be* preached by the Rev. John Sulli
van of St. Raphael's Council.
Monday afternoon will, be devoted to a
picnic at San Rafael Park. The Grand
Council will convene in Hotel Rafael.
The Grand Council of the young Men's
Institute will convene in San Rafael next
Monday and will continue In session four
days.
An Effort Will Be Made to Have the
Grand Council Located Per
manently in San Fran
cisco.
San Rafael and Are to
Last Four Days.
Sessions Will Be Held at
YOUNG MEN'S
INSTITUTE TO
MEET MONDAY
The Chief of Police has detailed a num
ber of officers in citizens' clothes to travel
about the Western Addition to try to
catch the bold highwaymen whom Het-s
describes as "one short and the other
tall."
After relieving him of his valuables,
Hess says the men ordered him to move
along, and threatened to put a bullet
through him if he turned around or made
an outcry.
Hess claims that the men ordered him
to throw up his hands, and that one of
the robbers enforced the elemanO by plac
ing a pistol at hla head. The other man
went through Hess' pockets ar.d relieved
him of a few dollars in silver and a gold
watch and chain. A pair of diamond
sleeve buttons attracted the man's atten
tion and these, too, ; were added to the
booty.
When brought before Captain Seymour
last night the man was roughly dressed
and wore a big sombrero. Fifteen dollar*
was found on his person. He is about 40
years of age.
The stage robber showed himself to be
a nervy fellow, when on one occasion
while engaged in relieving the occupants
of a stap/e of their valuables a. squad of
soldiers en route to the park apr«ar->d sud
denly on the scene. Instead of" fleeing tho
robber coolly throw his gun on them an 1
lined them up with his civilian captives
until he had completed his work, when he
backed into the bushes and disappeared.
Bernard Hess reported to the Chief of
Police last evening that while on his way
home at an early hour yesterday morri
inr: he was held up and robbed by two
masked men on' Pierce street, between
Fell and Oak.
Detectives Ed Gibson and "Jack" Fitz
gerald late last night arrested the man.
who says his name Is Tom Moran. at
Baden and brought him to the City Prison,
where he was locked up in the tanks. The
police declare they are satisfied he Is tho
highwayman.
The police believe they have succeeded
in capturing a notorious stape robber, no
less a personage than the bold outlaw who
successfully held up the Yosernite stag*?
several months ago and caused shivers of
apprehension to chase up and down tho
spinal columns of tourists journeying to
the famous park for some time thereafter.
Bernard Hess Says Masked Thugs
i Believed Him of His Jewelry
and a Small Sum of
Money.
Bold Footp&ds Hold Up and
Rob Man in Western
Addition.
YDSEMITE STAGE
ROBBER MAY BE
IN CITY PRISON
elected m»«r.bcrs
Hendocino Asylum Board.
Governor Ga«T<» ha.", appointed B. Fehn
irar.n of Fruitvale, A!ameda County, to
Etjceeed A. W. Fcct»>r as Director ejf the
Jlr-ndoclao State Hospital. Mr. Foster
resigned recently, having been appointed
R<srcnt of th<-> State University. For the
j a: i ten years Mr. Fehnmann has l>ee>n
connected V.-ith the publication department
of ejoldbcrg. Bowon & Co. Ho is also San
Frp.nck-To organizer of the Woodmen of
the World. The appointment, made Au
p;:v; 0 and announced yesterday, is for a
t«-rm -which expires In March, 1901.
I Iroquois Club Meets.
The Iroquois Club field Its regular
•reckJy meetinff at Pythian Castle last
night. John Aubrey Jones addressed the
club at some length on campaign issues.
W. J. Iiaggett and Denis J. Oliver were
Mtyor Phelan Denounced.
The Bryan and Stevenson Club of the
Tlyrty-ninth Assembly District hold a
meeting last night at Saratoga Hall. In
the Interest of harmony and to insure
the success of the national ticket it was
resolved that the club sign the roll of the
"Organization" Club of the e'.inrict.
Bpeeches were made denouncing the
mrihods of the County Committee.
Charle-s Edelman attacked the political
standing eif Jame? D. Phelan. and in
string words declared that ho coi;!;l prove
that tho Mayor was a traitor to his party:
that he Had cast his vote for MeKlnley
!n IS^. and would probably do the same
at the coming flection.
In defiance of the State Central Commit
tee- the »>olt:ng bosses of the Kelly-Crim
r-'.ir.s Coiigressional Committee have is
tued s. call for a bogus primary to be
held en August 25 to elect del«^gates to a
Convention c.Uled to assemble September
3 ard nominate candidates for the Legis
lature.
The- Mint Faloon bosses, by their action
in calling the side show, confess that they
have given ui> all hope of stuffing the bai
lot boxes at the regular primary. Poli
ticians who profess to be familiar with the
bops programme assert that it Is now the
Intention of the defeated bosses— Kelly,
dimming. Herrln ami Dibble — to creat?
till the confusion j«obsible and then appeal
to the State Central Committee to i'ntei
vene and overthrow the County Commi'
tc-e. The nineteen thousand stalwart anti
bess R< publicans who voted for Horace
Davis cr.e year agro wetU be heard when
the Stato Committee is asked to bolster
UP iiartin Kelly and Phil Crimmins.
The chairman of the Republican County
Comrr.ittte says that he has appointed
eighteen well-known members of the or-
Kanlzation to carry into effect proper
rreasures for securing an honest primary.
Th« names of the men appointed were not
announced last night. In expectation of
thi- official announcement many members
of the committee wont to the headejuar
ur: ; In the- Baldwin annex.
Several district mcetinps were held last
niKht. A meeting in the Twenty-ninth
Liisirict was attended by John J. Dauph
ne'.v. John B. McN'amara. Leon Samuels,
E. H. I.mpf-rss and J. Collins. The Kelly
ard Crimmins following had th<» majority
boi <h<i not attempt to force matters. Paul
F^hulz. who was recently removed from
the- committee was present, presumablv
!n the interest of- Martin Kelly. A protest
against allowing him to vote was regis
t< red by John J. Daughnoy and J. B. Me-
Niimara. The EtepubUous who stand for
pood government and clean politics are
prepared to put up a formidable fight in
*!:>-• stronghold of the- bosses.
The merchants and taxpayers of the
Torty-thlrd Assembly District will bo
prsiUic-d to hear that Henry Stern the
newly appointed county committeoman of
t_ri<- district, is easting his influence in
favor of a clean primary and the- selection
rf reputable citizens to act as election of
ficers.
It is understood that affairs have* b<*cn
harmoniously adjusted in the* Thirty-ninth
District and that pood men will guard the
election on the inside.
CT~r.cn tho intelligence reached the camp
of the bosses recently that the Republican
County Committee had determined to
adopt effective measures to prevent re
peating and ballot-box stuffing at the pri
mary Kelly ajid Crimmins rounded up the
Fourth Congressional District Committee
ar.d threatened to disrupt the party in
fan Francisco.
So Ions as the bosses fancied that they
could fill every polling place with judges,
inspectors and clerks of their own selec
tion they were ready to respond to the
requirements cf the State Central Com
mittee. When they realized that the
County Committee, after mature deliber
ation, had decided to eive the honest vot
ers recognition the Mint saloon bosses
bolted and issued a call for the nomina
tion of Skaters and As^mblymen by a
convention created to nominate *&. candi
date for Congress.
This conduct upon the part of the bolt
ers signifies that the agents of the South
ern Pacific are ready to resort to the
most desperate measures in order to gain
control 01 the next Legislature. The Cail
on more than oac occasion has advised
Republican citizens that Martin Kelly
would knife the national ticket in the in-
T err tt of Democratic bosses as readily
as he knifed M. hi. Estee, the Republican
n< Dlnee for 'jnvornor, and Horace Davis,
the Republican nominee for Mayor. This
fact may be ubvious now to the Stat-? Cen
tral Committee. In the official call for the
State Convention sigrneii bv Oeorge Stone
ar.d William M. Cutter the following par-
Bgnph is found:
Th.u said ?tate ocnvontion shall consist of
C-2 de!*-icat«-»., f.nd a;l of said «lelejrates m«;t b«
e>«ed at a prmary election, at which all
K' ; ul'.i'ans thall have an opportunity to vote,
to be h^M in eacb oounty and city and county
of the State on such date prior to Aujrust 27,
UQQ, as she county committees thereof may
r»minm tjinly determine. At said time and places
and at such primary election held In such man
ner delegates hhall be elected to the State con
vention, to the cour.ty or city and county con
vor.urm ami tf> such other conventions, Judi
cial or l->Bi*!ative. as the county commit
tee cr commute haviiyc direction therof may
Cetr-rmir,e to hold.
T!ie Republican County Committee, in
obeaier.ee to the call of the State govern
ing: body. dcFifrnattd August 24 as the dav
cf tht- primary election and designated
September 12 a? the day for the county
convention to assemble for the purpo:*»
of norninating judicial and legislative ol-
Ag-ents of Southern Pacific R«sort to
High Handed Bolting Methods
to Control Legislative
Nominations.
Call of Republican State
Committee Treated With
Contempt.
BOSSES, DRIVEN
TO DESPERATION,
UTTER THREATS
. r ' . . . - ' — : > . ...
the san Francisco call, Saturday, august is, lobo.
GARLANDS AND ELECTRICITY
FOR MARKET-STREET DISPLAY
SAX RAFAEL, Aug. 17.— Ross Valley
Is to have a thorough system of sewer
age. The commissioners of sanitary dis
trict No. 1 mot here this morning and
oponcd bids for the construction of the
sewerage system according to plans pre
pared by County Surveyor George Rich
ardson. There were nine bids received,
and they ranged from $24,000 to S3S.0OO.
The board deferred action until next
week. The proposed system will reach
from above San Anselmo through Rosa
Valley to tide water. Some months ago
the people of the district voted $40,000
of bonds to construct the se"w»r.
Various Contractors.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
llcfrs
11
GENERAL EFFECT OF THE DECORATIONS ADOPTED FOR MARKET STREET.
GRAPE-NUTS.
fit c;ilCME?TCrV9 ENGLISH
b £NHY89Y&L PILLS
_/*l"**v Orlalnmi sad Only 4>»nnlritv
fc,f( f^f *« riUCIIKNTElC-S iVSGVMU.
M'«^W^S\ i3 HE" * n<i <">><* BMtsiUa t»xe*. tnl*l
jTV --~\W »ith bioe ribbon. Take no other. Rofn.o
T?1 *2^ *Tj 1'ciceroMi *uhitftnMftnii and lmlta*
I / CT tl °™*- Ba J #f T°° r DmflsUt. or «*n<l 4<r. la
\ tT* f? * a J " ReHer tar l.a.l !«•».- to utttr. b* re.
_A A tarn Mall. I ••,<»»<» T-«tim»n:v«. S..;ib»
„ 7"" 1 " ' •HDragjiiU Chleh*»ter < *iem!cal ('<•!
Keavloa tfci» Uadlscu !»quarw. I'iUi*..., P.l!
Valises cbeck«a ir— .
visit DR. JORDAN'S GRZATi
HUSEUB Of AHfi?8a*>
Cj The LareMtAoatomlcalMineuaiin the \
riijn-i«_ World. \VefcJtne»»»» cr Any comracteit A
!*;Qj ipeuiiiit ct k"w Coast Ejt. jS •fsiis
&%$& QiU'QRSAN-FRlY&Tf- SiSEASlS 4
B(2gfh8 Co.nu'.tatiOT frei and strictly prinie \
I iff&L *! Tr« umeni per»onaliy cr by letter. A A
¦ flr C| ¦ f—.tiw Curt in every case undertaken. <\
mil I1& Wntefor BmI, PHll.os«rnVaC£
I [I I 1 ! aiAnniAGE, hailed fbee. ia"
Q Jl valuable book for SicnJ \
nil. JORDAN »t CO.. 105*. Market St.. 8. F. ?
© 9
S Special food S
| for Brains |
| * Si
J Healthy Brains S
2 9
£ make a fat 9
9 Pocket Book O
CALIFORNIA'S
- M 0 S T
« E REMARKABLE
SUNDAY THE
CALL . CDflW^THSJiFT QKBAT
leads 5r L.\HU I flatia 9 maoaz^e
THEM ALL SECTION'
a FORTUNE THAT HAS =
ONLY BEEN A HOODOO
M How to See the |
f Yosemite Valley f
at Minimum Cost
THE FUNNIEST EXPERI-
ENCES OF MARK THALL
Most Interesting
Case of Mental •
Telepathy Known
Man Who Sheds His Skin
Every Year. Gathering
Bulls for a Bull Fight
. • \ •¦ . &i:
AND A HOST OF I O T
INTERESTING STOKicSTHE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; AUGUST 18, 1000.
12
SAX FIIAXCISCO CALL.
HUSrXESS OKFICE of The San Francl-eo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-J27 Montgomery etreet,
corner Clay; cr>en until 9:30 p. nv.
SiiO Hayes -treet: cit-n until 9:33 p. m.
628 McAllister street; open until 9:50 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1541 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
22G1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
l.'<6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
" 1056 Valoncla street; open until 9 p.m.
Kertbweet corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftre^ts; rj>en until 9 p. m.
mi:i:ti\<; xoticcs.
FCXKRAL notice California Command- *
ery No. 1, K. T., 8 Post St.— Officers TOm*
and members fire hereby requested to ffjl
assemble In the a_rl_n on SUNDAY. Vjy
August 13. at 30 o'clock a. m.. for
the 2>urpo*e of _tt»ndln«r the funeral of our
dece-red frater. Sir VICTOR D. DUBOCE.
Dy or'lcr of ' ,• ••
FRANK W. H. TITUS. Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
MISSION Lodge No. 1«9. F. and A. M.— _>
Called mating THIS (SATURDAY) __\
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First and /2_K
second degrt**. /NT
GEO. D. FLACK. Secretary.
THE neighbors of Golden __,
• Gate Council No. C4, ' la
Woodmen nf the World. V|tf— <> - ¦ ¦ ill
cro r<-<iu<-i=tod to attend f^r^H|_DF^!f» *~3 -iJ
•¦• funeral of Neighbor fer?-y;JVlf_}ti7f*- '
TIMOTHY LYNCH, at " '^>
.st. Rose's Church. Urannan St., near Fourth,
at 11 o'olnrk a. m.. SUNDAY. August 19.
W. P. JONES. Acting Consul Commander.
OFFICERS and members <-f the Longshore
Lumbermen's Protective Association— You are
requested to attend the funeral of our de-
ceased member. THOMAS F. LYNCH, on
SUNDAY. Autrust 19. nt 11:30 a. m.. from
St. Rose's Ch.irch. Itrannan st., between
Fourth and Fifth. Ry order of
GEO F. McMANUS. Pr-sldent.
J. E. RIORHAN. Recording Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS" meeting— The California
Prydoek Company. — Notice is hereby given
that a meeting of the stockholders of the The
California Prydock Company will be held at
the office of raid company. No. 302 California
-Treet. Son Francisco. California, on THURS-
DAY. August 30, 1900, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m cf that day. for the purpose of det*»r-
rr.inlr.K whether Faid corporation shall be dls-
eolved. ar.d of vettas upon a proposition to
dissT.Jve the corporation, ana for. the trans-
action of such other busino?s ss may come
before the inrftlng. By order of the board of
<5!re<-iors. W. F. RUSSELL.
Secretary The California Prydock Company.
THE anana] meeting or the stockholdetB of the
Pacific Undertaker* win be held at No. 777
Mlf«irn et.. San Francisco. Cal.. THURS-
DAY. AujruFt 23. 1900. at S o'clock p. m.. tor
the election of director* for the ensuing term
ana also to considor an amendment to the
Ity-'aws re-iurinjr the number nf directors
from J to 7. and the transaction of such othT
b-jsiness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close Monday. August
20, 1S00. at 4 o'clock p. m. By order of the
beard of directors.
M. C. C.np.HAM. Secretary.
AGEVTS WAXTED.
AGENTS of ability and experience in life Insur-
ance. Ca!i at room 101, K7 Market, cor. Sixth.
N\ K h»rc!ie newest noveltiof for acT.ts. PA-
rtFIC -CKXTfi* Sl'PPLT OQ* >.4M Hth *t.
OlAi °?Z
MME. HICKEY. astrolopist ; get your horoscope
w'.th full exrlfnction of your future. Me: card
TT3.1-.rg ar.'i ralmii-try. 2r-c. 1933 Mission Ft
ATTOnSEVS s AT£, LAW.
APVICE frer; dlvcree law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. KA Market. oor.Stockton.
APVICE trf+; R. W. KING. 9^ Market St.. r.
fT.\ all oasps and collections; money loaned.
FKrH advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collection-. J. A. Mitchell. 3i« Montgomery.
AOYJCE free: r.-> charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S.7 Market Et., cpp. Mason.
_. S. CLAKK. i:mma Fpreeke!.« bid*.. 92T Mar-
ket «.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
COS Ti:R. HERMAN J.. attorney, s;; Market
ft., r. r;5; eve.. 7-?: cnnrultation free.
DATII CABIM2TS.
ROBINSON fS. 4-panel folding; door opens: firm
nr.l fafp. W. S. BROWN, gen, opt.. 426 Ellis.
nBLGIAX HAKES.
LORD FASHCDA CHIEF an4~Lady LumtC
firet prize in England, at 814 Golden Gate ave.
BICYCLES— For Sole or ExchangTT
FIRST-CLASS lady-g Mcycle for sale; almost
r.t-w ,-; ¦¦<•>¦ r'-asnnaHe. 417 Twenty-ninth st.
UL'SIX—SS CIIA.MES.
A— AGENT wanted for manufacturing busi-
ness; capital n?eded about Jluw; no opposi-
tion on this coast; about 40 i«?r cent profit:
manufacturer frum Ore_on here now to give
contracts for : years. Call R. G. WILKE.
iV- Kearny f-t.
A— t'.r*<\ CANDY More and ice cream parlor in
Oakland; beautifully turnlshed and a No. 1
r;i>::is bUFihess; rent J60; owner compelled
» ;• ill health to retire. See H. G. WILKE.
_»,4 K-arny et.
A — ii.V>u; LA1KY. produce and delicacy store
with miik route; 4 horsos, 2 wagons, 1 buggy,
'3 Fets harness, cream separator, etc.; rent
J_; bust-tea clearing $1j0 p»-r month. Call R,
G. 'WILKE. SH Kearny st.
A— teOu; CORNER grocery and bar; one block
south f.f Marku and Fifth sts.; rent J45; a
guod corner; all cash trade, mostly in bar.
_Call R. G. WILKE, 26»i Kearny st.
A— fTT.O; SALOON, with pool table; close to
Call b'dsr. : rent SCZ-: a eplendld location and
pood paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
:CU Krarny et.
A— $:C'O; RESTAURANT and chophouse on wa-
ter front; rent $15; bargain. R. G. WILKE.
I-CH Kearny et.
%W>— PARTNEI: wanted; bart>r business and
billiard parlors; pro^perou* country tows.
Mclaughlin „ co.. 777»i Market Et.
fioco— SALOON near Market f-t. : bargain, go-
ir.g Ea?t caus* of Bale. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777H Market st.
S30G— BRANCH bakery; candy, notions and de-
Uc_teE«>c-n: in twid location; lar^e store; low
rent. LANE _ CO.. S6S Market st.
A— 1?50; LAUNDRY route,, leading laundry,
clrurlng ?60 A rrontli; fine wagen; intending
buyer* can verlfv «»aienvntj=; thif is bargain
for ROTne one. STENBERn CO., P35 Market.
EALOON for sale; great bargain: must be sold
et once; centrally located. McBRIDE & CO.,
930 Howard *t-
A — BRANCH bakery. <~Jindy. notion- store; R-ood
location: bargain. COWING «: CO.. 71S Mkt.
EXCELLENT cpprrtur.ity to buy a bona ne'e
busim-sn in the heart of city; old-established
and larpe profit*: bonks open for inspection;
cmjer retiring; r-arcaln. Lane _ Co.. «j6.% Mkt.
WANTED-Lady or gent for theatrical enter-
prise; all ready to Mart; must have $5)0. Ad-
<ir<-«8 box IS.Vi. Call efflce.
FOR Bale— A gcmxl Irx-kFmlth buMneea; cheap
W*> Polk ft.; call bet. 7 and 8 p. m.
RARE chrnoe; pood b____M; day saloon: S E.
corner Clay and Pavie. PHIL S. REEL.
A FIN'E store suitable for any hUFlnexs; S5i
O'Farrell Ft., cor. Powell. Apply 13 Grant ave.
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location; place is entirely covered: contains 3
rtall-. r<T.< only fl5; water free. Inquire WM.
HEM'RIC K SON & CO.^C14 Call building.
BICYCLE repair shop; lathe, tools, wheelsand
everything r^TJir^d: can be Improved; a Irst-
claw buy; going to Europe. Box 193o. Call.
JT75O— CORNER procery; establish*! for years!
frerh rtock; U>cation one of the best In the
cUy^jApiJy J. W. Z.. _1 Oak Ft.
BOARDING-HOUSE. 23 room-; large dlning-
rocm and kitchen; r-omplete. "OUR HOUSE."
tSS Illinois rt.. I'otrero.
|l*00 CASH : corner rrocery ar.d bar; fine stock;
Rood location; no agrr.t. Apply ot 124 Oak Bt.
£MALL drugstore downtown for sale; accept
any reasonable «ifT>r. Addrriw box 162C. Call.
GENTLEMAN desires lady partner to utart
, glcantlc sccial society Jn U. S. Box 24, Call.
FOR SALE— R*rber»bop; sacrifice; owner going
Ea-t. iOl C_-tro et.. near Eighteenth.
FOR f-'ALE-'RIackEmith-ehop; Point Reyea
nation. Martn County. Cal.
OLD estabMrhed ealoon on East et. for sale at
once. Cell 25 Ea-t Bt.
JIUTCHER business; rood trade; elegant flx-
t-res; bargain. 17 Lapldge *„. oft ISth.
COFFEE Rnd tea route* supplied from GEO.
W. C A SWELL _ CO.. 412 Sacramento st. •
_ODGI\G-HOi:SES KOH *SA_K.
A-22-ROOM rooming-house; central HOW
ll-room house: $3C0 down, balance easy., l-ivt
20-room house; flret-class KCO
20-roo— l hcuiw: alt newly furnished 3HO
ll-room house. U73. G-room flat S_
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market 6t.
HOUSES fmm 10 to ISO rooms; good locations;
hor.eet value. ix>rfect title fruaranteed to buy-
er*: money Ioan«l: to buy or sell your lodging
houce cr furniture and eeeure satisfaction
write or call SCHWEINHARD & OX. 317
Market St., abo\» Fifth, tel. Mint 191L
FOR mile — Account of sickness; 9-room house,
newly furnished; S -teady roomers; pays rent;
homelike; no rea*nna.ble offer refused. 1212
Howard et.; no affrnts.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
fs-ROOM^HOUSE^ .".'.. '.T^T... ......... . . ...... ~. ~.
CHEAP r.ENT-DOWNTOWN
WORTH $6000
S23M WILL BUY IT; OWNER
must leave city. Apply to DECKER, 1020
Market Et.
8-ROOM flat; new $425
7 rooms and bath 165
100 rooms; rent S50 ISfKI
26 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 1700
M-roorn house: clears $300 2GO0
16 rooms; fine corner; clears $100 1000
12 rooms on Post Ft.; half payments 550
40-room house on Powell st 2r>00
10 rooms; new; elegant furniture 050
11 rooms: clears JloO 1200
16-room »>nanilnK-hous<»: full 1300
S-n>om flat; downtown 400
DECKER. 1CS0 Market St., phone Mint "%.
1£ ROOMS, newly furnished: a bargain: $700.
15 roniT-.s. $7J0; $400 cash, balance easy paymts.
44 rooms; housekeeping apartments.
16-room boarding-house; all full $1150
24 rnomr: transi-nt house; see this 1000
ll-room house; cheap 475
30 rooms; all on one floor; full: paying.
17 rooms; near Market; transient 1600
CO-room house; north of Market.
25- room board ing- house; flr.e location.... 2500
Soe list of other houses at offlce.
EMERY & SMITH. » Eddy »t.
A BIG bargain; partly furnished corner.
i Flats. 6. 7, S. 9 rooms, $.">M, $400 to $230
I 14 r. part cai=h; rent $45; full; pays well 450
1 ZZ r. thotel): 5-yr. lease; income $S00 mo.. 1600
I 35 r.; cor.; ront IS5; Income ?220 3100
44 r.; oak; clean; bon ton; money maker;
low rent; part cash; low interest; fine lo-
cation 3000
I T2 rovmr; $2000. $2S0<\ $3S00 and 7000
I -Long list; please? call. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Mar-
I ket. nr. Call bl£g. ; room 1; tel. Black 1S03. .
TWO mortsaged houses. 44 and 4S rooms; will
pell for little over mortgages. C. D. DAVIS.
I room 69. 916 Market Et. /'
! 20-ROOM. Eddy Et.. $500; IS rooms. O'Farrell st.,
j «L00. C. P. DAVIS, room 63. 916 Market st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
| —-—
| WAGON for sale. S14 Mission st.
I ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
! etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
! FOR sale— Doctor's buggy team, cheap. DAL-
' ZIEL. Vet Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
I AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also ll^ht
camping wagon, for Eale cheap. 532 Mission. :
¦ NKV." & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ncTS. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
CAMl'AIGX PHOTO IIUTTOXS.
MF"Y of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
¦ wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
i Miniature Portrait Co.. 93.1 Market St.. S. F.
I CAIII'ET BKATIXG AXD CLEAMXGJ
' WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
: stnd tc SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
j ing Works, S."3-3:7 Tehama fl ; tel. South 10.
' J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4."3 Stevenson Rt. : tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Renn-
¦ vatlne O .. 240 Fourteenth ft. ; tel Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mer.. 3S-4U Mh St.; tel. South 2.">0.
' CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid ut 4c.
j BTHATTON-. 3 Kighth St.; tel. Jessie 914.
'¦ ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter 6t. ;
I tel. Main 394. GEO WALCOM. proprietor.
; COXKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
; Gate bvp. ; teler-hone Efl«t 12S.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNT cotta;e, 2124 Perry St.; rent reason-
¦ able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Mont-
! iromery ft. - A ¦."••
: $$— COTTAOH. 4 room?, yard: respectable 1d-
; cation 1705 Turk st., near Scott.
SPIRITUALISM.
| ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
1 spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life;
' lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
I ed; mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed., Fri.
[ eve's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
¦ 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
\ GO to WATSON, "only" original "gypsy palm-
ist and medium": lucky and true: readings
; 2,">c and 50c. 1581 Market St., near Twelfth.
; MRS. LESTER, circle this evening. S o'clock;
10c: sittings daily. 50c. 127 Turk st.
I MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day, 2 &
! 8 p. m. ; 10c: Bluings dally; G., $1; L.. 60c.
i FRIENDSHIP Hall, 323 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
; Meyer, sit. daily; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
i MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
i medium, life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Market.
CLAinVOYAXTS.
j MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
; reader, born with double veil ft second sight,
i diagnoses disease with life readings: ladies J0c;
i gents $1; palm. _ clair. pit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
I MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
| present, future, 2."c. ]4S Sixth st., room 14.
A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 days
'¦ S42 Mission; ladles. 2.V: gents. 50c: Frawlpy.
. MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palmist
¦ and card- reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st. ; no sign.
; MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
: B palmigtry; truth or no pay; 23c.' 1H3 Mission.
! MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader,
: Fittings da'.ly. 212U Sixth st.
i MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
| advice; names riven: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
I MME. PYHILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
! COLLECTION OFFICESJ '
: GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— NoTcharge un-
I Ipss successful. Ri*om 310. S27 Market st.
DENTISTS.
! AT the ELE^R^^E^TAirCLINM^SoTMar^
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns
i $3 50 uy>; plates, extractions free. $4 30 up; of-
! lice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. '.» to 2
; p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
j A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
I the Paris Exposition with urine of the flnost
; patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth '
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all I
¦work warranted; plates, full sot, $5; fillings 1
| Me; crown. $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlor-, 2»uh.
| EIOHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
| and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
I dprful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perif-nre; no students; ad%ice free; prices
rhtape-t and guaranteed; lady attendants '
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell st.
¦ TEETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns. $3 50; ',
brldgework, 15; all the '.atcst methods for
! painless dentistry; hours. 9 a. m. to S p. m. '¦¦
: Modern Dtntal Parlors. 120C Market. eor.G.O.
i DR. H_T>LCM~HILLTl443 Market, nr. Eleventh
; —No charge Tor extracting when plates are
I made; old plates made over like new; teeth
j _/r°ni $Jjperjset; extracting, 50c; gas given.
! DR. ALBERT HILL.~850 Market, eor. Stockton^
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
I plates; lowest prices for best work.
I PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
I Full set of teeth, $»: frowns. $3; fillings. 2oc.
I VAN VROOM— "Painless": evonlnirs and Sun-
I d.iys. K>01 Market st.. corner Sixth. V '-> .
i RET of teeth without plate. DlT H. O
YOUNG. 1M1 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
I DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore^
j Advice and medicine, 7Sc; city visits, $1 50; all
i animals treated; do*s boarded. Tel. WestC36.
DR. CREELT'S C. P. mangecure and worm pills
by drugglm cr at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.'
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSEg
MclX)WELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1013 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mll-
lir.ery School; French system. 411 Van Ne«s.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kln<5s pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over OConnor&MolTatt.
PARISIAN dra-smakinfr, SS7 Geary st.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, JDO; Includes shorthand, typing
bookkeeping, telegraphy: day and evening-
Just added, new burlne-s practice ofnees and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory I
echool for the university, law and medical I
colleges; references. President Jordan or any j
Stanford professor. Phelan . buildinc
FRENCH readings and: dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE. Lyceum Theater School of Acting.
310-212 O'Farreli St.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand ; If you want to
l^ara In a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W..C0R-
NELL. room 63. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny.
WANTED — Instructions by private tutor In
trigonometry, logarithms, etc.. by advanced
scholar; state terms. Address T. E., box 1954,
Call office.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. 'with me;
. $23. TARR, expert accnt., 429 Parrott bldg.
ALL students but two taking full courso this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NE.SS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Et.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.mlnlng, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. : est. 1854.
VAN DEIt NAILLEN SCHOOL, S33 Market.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BU3INKSB COLLEGE. 24 Post St.^
S. F. ; founded 1863 ; 80- page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin-
All branches; thorough; positions secured.
PIAXO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Lelpslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing. can-Ing, all branches. 424 Pine st,
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; esiab. aver 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 133.
UNION' Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
bent help furn.; tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESK and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
EM P_OY3IXEXT WAXTED KISM A_E.
BY. young lady, position as companion to
elderly iady; good mender, writer, reader,
etc. ; best of references from former em-
ployers. Box 1542. Call office.
RESPECTABLE lady of middle age. gow cook,
kind to children, wishes position as house-
keeper: city or country. Call 6S-76 1 Ellis st..
room S9, between 2 and 5.
A LADY, for the use of 2 unfurnished rooms,
wishes to help oversee a lodging-house; good
references: Inquire office. MRS. L. TANNER,
C13% Stockton st. ¦ i
LADY competent to take charge of rooming-
house or small hotel would like position; city
or country. 402 O'Farrell St.. room 14.
FIRST-CLASS German dressmaker wishes en-
gagements by the day or week. Address 1424
Howard st. - -" {-.»¦:¦".
RESPECTABLE German woman wants any
kind of work by the day. Call or address
- "213H Mason st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation at light house-
work; no children. Please call at 1306 Powell
st. ; no postals.
YOUNG woman wants light work or chamber
work by the day or part of the day. Box
162S. Call office. '
FIRST-CLASS laundress and house cleaner
wishes work by the day; no board. 243 Minna
st. ; postals answered. ••.'-¦
STUDENT desires a good home In exchange
for her services; references. Address box
2013. Call office.
"WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
S21 Mission St., room 1.
WANTED— By a respectable woman, a place
to take charge of a house; is a good sewer,
good housekeeper and manager, or could take
charge of young children and Instruct them;
country preferred. Address MRS. E., 317
Ninth st., Oakland.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes position
as housekceDer; city or country. Box 1933,
Call office.
RFFINED young woman desires position aa
working housekeeper or companion to lady.
Box 2012. Call offlce. Oakland.
GOOD cook wishes position In pmall Ameri-
can family. Addiess box 1626, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third et.. near Mar-
kte; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; U 60 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from forry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED — MALE.
HANDY young man desires work of any kind
In city; experienced in hotels, private places
and Institutions; references. Address J., box
1627, Call offlce. ••.!.-.-.; .:-
MAN and wife would like to get work on a
ranch, man to Jo work on the ranch, wife to
do the cooking. Call on J. M., 1500 Frank-
lin St. •¦: ./ .*'
JAPANESE honest boy wishes light work every
morning and evening; wages no object, but
want room and board. Address FRANK, 1003
Mason st.
WANTED — Position of night watchman or any
position of trust; bonds to any amount given.
Box 1&53. Call office.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter deeires eteady
position. Address H. KIEHL, 134 Fourth St.,
New Golden Gate Hotel. .¦.¦.... ;.• r
STEADY, sober young man wants work; all-
around man; handy with tools. Box 1952, Call.
STEADY, reliable young man. understands the
care of horses, desires a position as coachman
or rardener: city or country: references. C.
R. C. box 4611. Call office.
NIOIIT watchman with best references would
like a position. Address C. HARTMANN, 127
Turk Et.
JAPANESE wants position as cook and waiter
or housework between 5 a. m. and 8 p. m.
HOMA. 1010 Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; rpectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL..
IF vou have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST TJN-
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 10 TO 30 DAYS FREE, flats and nouses.
3 r. 650 Jessie, f $9|5 r. 22 De Boom. h..$13
5 r. 20014 Tehama, f.$10|4 r. 36B Tehama, £...$11
6 r. 1424 Howard. f..$16!5 r. 17 Natoma. f $10
5 r. 439^ Clemen. f.*20;3 r. 19 Sherwood, f,. $0
A. M. SPECK & CO., C67 Market st.
FINE flat. 7 rooms ard bath; modern Improve-
ments. 625 Golden Gate ave.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window; bath; rent $12.
716 Natoma st., between Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT, 4 large rooms; rent $11. SB Dearborn
et.. off Seventeenth, near Valencia.
FURNISHED flat of 4 rooms. 336 Fifth Bt.
IF you want to move get printed list flats tolet
¦ from BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SECOND, 523— Two nice sunny rear flats, 3 and
4 rooms; rent ?S and JIO; bath; yard.
$ir> — NEW 5-room sunny flat; frescoed; water
free: 3748 Twenty-second, nr. Castro. GEO
W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Market St.
5 ROOMS and basement, yard, gas, water; rent
reasonable to cood tenant. Key 136 Page st.
8 ROOMS, bath; sunny corner; modern; bay
• window. Key at 417H Third St. '
FLAT. TO LET — FURNISHED.
SUNNT corner upper flat, 8 rooms and~bath:
northwest corner Scott and Lloyd sts.: rent
reasonable. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
JACKSON, 941, corner Mason— Sunny furnished
flat of 4 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
KURXITUIIE FOR SALE. - !
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 G0.''with~No~7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KUR.MTUKE WASTED.
j CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture7~carpets!
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln :tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought, spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllvcrsteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
"VV. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carprts. 737 Mission; tel Red 3353.
HELP WA.\TED-KEMA1,_.
WANTED— Assistant talloress lor first-class
place, JR to JIO week; 4 cooks, no wash
»35; German cook, no wash, $35; 3 hotel
and restaurant cooks, $30 and $35: Ger-
man nuree for Los Angeles, $25; German
nurse and seamftress, city, $25 and $20; 10
waitresses for hotels and restaurants,' $20, $25
ar.d $7 week; S chambermaids to wait, one in
private boarding-house, city, $23 and $20, and
1j0 girls for general housework . at best of
wpges. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter.
YOUNG woman to do housework and assist
with care cf children. 1C23 University ave.
East Berkeley; a good home assured.
OPERATOR on Domestic sewing machine: also
millinery apprentices. Apply ROBERT L
TOPLITZ & CO.. 649 Market. st. ; v '
WANTED— Young lady; good appearance; In
store. Apply. Saturday between 9 a. m. and
12 m.. at 475 Haight St. ¦ ¦
A— GIRL i or general housework and -plain
cooking; German preferred. 301 Scott t>t.
A dfy?°sl35^em>^st h \ t C . OUnt^ F*?j°-'
CHOCOLATB dipper; good wages; answer be-
fore Sunday night. Box 1944. Call offlce.
WANTED— Operators on ladles' waists. San
Francisco Mfg. Co., 409 A . Turk ¦¦ Bt.
APPRENTICE for. dressmaking; paid while
learning. 1022 Washington at? •
>-y— > ._ . '- -- . "-—
•o-«tu_«o ...uu.™ Rudolph, Perkins & Lyon
•Tm"^" « REAL estates insurance brokers
"-— "• •••-——• — " .*| -331* K*Un* Street
W. S. Leake,
Mgr. The S. F. Call,
Dear Sir— Through the, medium Of your adver-
tising columns we have disposed of the follow-
ing pieces of property in the last 10 days:
For the East Oakland Building and Loan Asso-
ciation to 0. M. Jones of San Francisco, prop-
erty on Ashby avenue, Berkeley.
For Henry J. Madison to W. W. Saunders, prop-
erty on Anthony street, Berkeley.
For the Continental Building and Loan Asso-
ciation to C. A. McCall, property on Grace
avenue, Golden Gate.
For J. A. Smith to W. Needham, property on
Addison street, West Berkeley.
Believing in always giving credit where
credit is due, we remain,
Respectfully yours,
. £^
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R." H^NSENXc6TrrT3»0N^E^RANTli3
10 young girls to work in steam laundry, $15
and beard. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT—
Psntry girl, hospital, $20: chambermaid, hos-
pital, $20; w_itr«?sfc«, city and country, $20,
$23; & chambermaids to wait. $20: fancy Ironer.
$2 day and free fare for first-class country
hotel. C. R. HANSEN &. CO., 104 Geary at.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT—
Houseglrl and assist with children, small
American family, city. SIR. $20. see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl, GraFS Valley, $20. choice place;
second girl, San Rafael, $20, no sweeping; 2
colored girls, $15. $20, and 50 choice places
for housework, etc. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary Bt.
RANCH cook. $30, for Point Reyes, see party
here at 11 o'clock to-day, to go home with
lady Monday. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
EXPERIENCED operator on body ironer and
experienced finisher after machine. Apply at
Standard Shirt Factory, corner Grove and
Gough sts.
AN experienced aim waitress for small res-
taurant; $20 and room. 1S05 Haight St.
WANTED— Experienced Ironers at U. S. Laun-
dry, Sixteenth stl,.near Valencia. . • "'
APPRENTICES for dressmaking. 610 Ellis St.,
between Hyde and Larkln.
RELIABLE German girl or woman for general
housework. 1316 Mason st.
A GOOD waitress wanted at 43 Third 8t.
YOUNG girl for light housework; sleep horns.
322 Fifth st.
WANTED— A girl for light housework. 621
Haight st.
GERMAN girl to assist in light housework;
moderate wages. Call Sunday, 319 Page st.
GIRL to take care of child and sleep at home.
607 Filbert st.
WANTED— Tailoress. 966 Washington St., Oak-
land.
800 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; eteady work; highest wages. Apply
Californian Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan St.,
between Third and Fourth.
_____
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
highest wages paid at CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO.. Tenth and- Bryant streets.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32% Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove eta.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
6ewlng machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & M1CHELS. 531 Mission st.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear: steam
power; constant work. G. W. REYNOLDS,
497 Mission Pt., corner Second.
LADY solicitors wanted; a new thing: pays
well; no experience necessary- Write box
1949, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS veptmaker wanted: good wages.
8^4 Antonio st.. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
WANTED— Good strong girl about 18; general
housework. 72S Lyon st.
WANTED— Protestant girl for light housework:
Swedish preferred; wages $10. 728 Guerrero.
SALESLADIES and makers wanted at New
•York Millinery. 1323 Stockton st.
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls. Apply
HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE girl for liK.ht housework; ref-
erences; wages $10. 77H Fourth st.'
OOOD chocolate dipper; steady. SCHAEFER,
22 Sixth et.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st .
GIRLS wanted Apply bookbindery. &36 Clay
street. -
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market Bt.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom at... between 13th and 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
pood pay. 27 Jessie Bt.. fifth floor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription- has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ; *
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld. .$2 a day
200 teamsters, Coast road ;..$2 a day
1 100 laborers for different divisions ...
Ship dally .Office fee $1 .•...".Free fare
15 laborers, concrete work. Coast road, $2 25 a
day and un.. ........ .Fee $1 ..Free fare
15 swampers, $30 and board; 35 fruit pickers.
Yolo County, $1 day and board: 15 almond
pickers. Contra Costa County. $1 day and
board: -paw filer. $100; planerman. $50; screw
turner. $40; 6 quartz miners. $2 50 a day; 3
machine men, $3 a day; farmers, milkers,
gardeners, blacksmiths, stablemen, chore-
. men and others.
...:........ HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Cook, country hotel, J50: baker, countrj' hotel.
$C0; baker, country hotel, $10. fare advanced;
cake baker. $40; 2 second cooks. $30 and JGO;
6 waiters, different country hotels, $23 and $30;
2 bellboys, country hotel. $12 50..
: Extra washer. *1 50 a day;. extra Ironer. $2
a day." hotel laundry, country.' free fare; plain
laundryman. country, $23; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, hotels and restaurants, $20, $25
and $20. - - «-. :¦-:--
C. R. HANSEN '& CO. 10* Geary st.
A— 6 COLORED waiters, $23: 2 colored bellboys.
S15; fares advanced; hotel, north. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. '
WANTED ....:...;.;:.........:...........•••.....••.
B0 railroad laborers for Utah. Nevada and all
parts of California, .also railroad carpenters,
carpenter*' helpers and rock men, all to go
to-day and I
FREE FARE.
Woodworker. $3 a day: general blacksmith. $3
day; blacksmith helper. $2 day: 4 fruit pick-
ers, $26 and board: 5 farmers, steady . place,'
San.Mateo Co., $20; gardener who can drive,
private place, $25; milker, cityr $33; vegetable
gardener, ranch, $23: choreman and milk on
ranch, $25;. second cook. ' $35: cook on boat,
.-$30; 'driver, milk wafron, 5K and found.
y. ' W. p. v EWER , & CO. , 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Freo ; employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie. 152.
A — THIRD hnn'l to assist In broad and cake;
day work. .Modern Bakery,; 344 Sixth, bt.
SMART boy; office work: give qualifications.
'Address box 1943. Call offlce, ;
HELP WANTED MALE.
A-MURRAY~<_ READY. .'.."PHONE MAIN 5843
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Want 7 a. m. to-day
WE SHIP FREE
Men for all parts of California. Uta,h, Wash-
ington, Arizona, Oregon, Colorado, Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and office fee only SI
Special tcf-day to the following districts:
DUNSMUIR REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO MENDOTA
Los Angeles and Santa Barbara districts
Reno (Nev.) and ..Truckee districts
Crows Landing and Newman districts
San Luis and Surf districts
Bakerafleld and Madera districts
Salt I-ako City Soda Springs
and other points good wages
WE SHIP FREE come one, come all
It only costs {1 fee and no other expenses
come Bee
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL and other help
6 carpenters free fare
Tlmberman, large mining company $3 day
Carpenters city and country
C carpenters, mining co $67 50 and found
10 carpenters, large company 53 day
carpenters, city and country places
.10 blacksmiths and helpers
Wheelwright
TO-DAY WE PAY YOUR FARE
And ship to the sawmills and woods 336 la-
borers for 23 different sawmills, $20 to 140 and
found, anybody will suit; S3 woodsmen, mill-
men; also all kinds of planing mill help, $35,
$S0, $€5. $70. $C0. $40, $50, $30 and found '
364 woodohoppers, tiemakers, etc.. $3, $2 50, $2.
$1 and 75c cord, tools and food found
126 farm hands $33, $30, $26 and found
36 milkers and buttermakers...$30, $25 found
cheesemakers $33 and found
24 stablemen, etc.. ..$25, $50, $60. $40, $30 found
16 hay balers, {3 day; also harvest crews
In San Francisco; all parts of California.
364 laborers and teamsters, $2 £0, $2, Jl 75 day;
some board yourself home; boys for stores,
factories, etc., city jobs, cabinetmakers,
woodworkers, carriagemakers, bridge build-
ers, etc.: come, see
Edgerman. tallyman, sawmill company
25 woodmen. Santa Cruz County, $32 50 and fd
Sticker hand, $3 50 day Planer, $3 a day
Matcher, $3 a day Machine man, $3 a day
..:..ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS.....
..NOT ADVERTISED COME SEE..
Farmer anj wife. $40 to $43 and found, see
boss here. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
A— FRUITPICKERS BOOKKEEPER, ETC.
123 frultpickers, men or boys, fare from $1,
wages $30 and $26 and found; bookkeeper,
stenographer and typewriter.
Men and boys to gather almonds, $26 and fd.
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay st.
A— TO the gold, silver and other mines
150 single hand and machine miners and Bur-
lelgh drillers $90, $75 and $60 and found
330 laborers for the mines in all parts of
California, anybody will suit, $40 to $60 and fd.
Tunnel men drillers hammersmen
teamsters and laborers, different city and
country places $1 75 to $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 63i-«36 Clay et.
A— FOR THE MINES.
Cook and wife for the mines; second cooks.
kitchen help, etc $40 and $30 and found
Walters $30 and found
36 cooks, city and country.$30 to $50 and found
Washer, country laundry $12 week
Bakers ar.d helpers, city and country
Pantry man Jio week
Butchers, $30 and $35; institution help, $15 and
$20; laundry men; waiters, city and country,
$25 and $30. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay st.
A— FREE SALT FREE
FARE LAKE FARE
FREE CITY FREE
FARE UTAH FARE
We ship to-day t# Salt Lake City, to-day
laborers, etc. MURRAY & READY. 634-638
Clay st. FREE FARE.
25 MEN handy with hatchet, anybody will
suit, to build large flume; $30, $35 and $40 and
found: long Job. MURRAY & REAJDY. 634-
636 Clay st.
COOK for steamer. $40; second cook. $25; res-
taurant pecond cooks, $12 and $15: 2 hotel
waiters, $25 and $30; restaurant waiters. $33;
wlshwashers. $20 and $2o. and many others.
J. F. CROSETT Agency. 628 Sacramento st.
WAGON maker, $3 day; 5 carpenters for coun-
try plain work. $3 day, free fare: band saw-
yer, $100; edgerman. $2 ",: tallyman, $45; 5
• men for sawmill and woods, $45, go to-day
planer, $3 day. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 62S
Sacramento st.
YOUNG man to care for horse and buggy and
make himself useful. $25. see boss early this
morning; ironer, country, $15; 2 farmers and
\\lvas, $40 and M5; younyr American to drive
milk wagon,' $30 and found: 10 men to pick
fruit. $1 day nnd bo.ird. J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 623 Sacramonto St..
MAN of gor>d character to deliver and collect for
old-established manufacturing house; J?00 a
year and expenses guaranteed: enclose refer-
ence and self-addressed stamped envelope. Ad-
dress Manufacturer, 3d floor, 334 Dearborn Bt..
Chlca_o.
MEN to sell county and State rights on good
Belling article; commission 50 per cent. In-
quire or address Monday. 20th. 525% Howard
Bt., San Francisco. I
A FANCY cake baker for Honolulu: good
wages. Apply at A. HROMADA'S, 222 Eat-
tery st. %
WANTED— Steady man, with small capital:
permanent place; ¦ will • pay $65 per month
year round: light work. 1016 Market st.. r. 10.
GOOD, smart young boy for general . cleaning" |
In first-class saloon. Call after 2 p. m.. 43
Stockton st.
WANTED— A good barber; Saturday and Sun-
day; J5. 1310 Castro Et.
WANTED— Barber Sunday morning; wages
$1 50. 193S Mission st. _¦
GOOD errand boy, about 17; good pay and
steady work. 104 Kearny st. ; tailor shop.
GOOD barber wanted at 2937 Sixteenth st.
BARBER; Saturday evening and Sunday and
to help next week. 108 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; wages $3. 713
Mission st.
BARBER, good man wanted; wages. 120 Geary
street.
BARBER— First-class. young man for a steady
job. Z2Z% Montgomery avenue.
BARBER wanted for to-day; call at 7 a. m. 268
First Bt.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1648 Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday at 1430 Howard at.;
¦ wages $3.
COATMAKERS and general tailor for country.
Apply REISS BROSf.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED- First-class tailors for ladles' tailor-
ing. COHN. 332 Sutter st.
GOOD coatmaker to work by week. 1170 Mar- j
ket St., room 12, Donohoe building. , •
PLATER and polisher. Western Plating C*>.,j
109 Fremont - st. _^B_H_BWm ]
YOUNG man to work Sn cakfi bakery. 335 Third
street. ¦
WANTED — A man for nursery work and Job-
bing gardening. Call ECO Haight st.
COOK— Steady man; coffee and lunch house;
•¦rages $S per. week. 32 Sixth st.'
YOUNG man to help in cake bakery: must have
. some , experience. ; 911V4 Larkln 8 t. ,
WANTED— Good first-class dinner waiter; $3 fo
a week. 304 Mason st. ¦ * '
— — : ; : ¦ - ¦ ¦ |
.WAITER .'.wanted : must ¦ do porter : work and
. carry trays. . 37 Eddy st. . . . ;
YOUNG man : for! bedmaker. • Dew ey House. 3'
:'Ea d t;at.-;..- ,._ ... ;-..:, . <..... ¦ • ,•
HELP WA5TTED— MALE.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men between aces of 21 and 35: cit-
izens of United States; of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read !
and write English; recruits are specially de-
sirert for service In Philippines. For Infor-
mation apply to Recrultins Officer. 121 New
Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Nary, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of eood character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years ; not less than 5 . feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In hel_ht;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and «peak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recniitlnp Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal., 530 K St..
Sacramento, Cal.. or 1053 J St.. Fresno. Cal.
SOBER German to attend bar; understands
mixing drinks; a fair trade salesman. P. O.
box 2073.
WANTED— Parcel boy In wholesale dry goods
house: state age; references. Address A. D..
Box 4619. Call office.
WANTED— Operators and pressers on pants.
E. H. LEVY. Inc.. 513 Market »t.
JEWELERS— 328 Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; Kc
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WANTED— 100 men. machine hands. bench
hands, for planing mill work. Apply C. L.
INGLAR, President Millman's Association,
at Fourth and Washington sts.. Oakland. Cal.
2 STICKER hands and 2 matcher hands in San
Francisco manufactures establishment;
steady employment to suitable men; wages
$3 to $3 50. Box 1623. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; » to $2 per week.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commts-
i elon- city or country. The J. Dewing Co..
Flood buildlns.
WANTED— A boy who has worked at the up-
holstering. 341 Hayes st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade, 796A
Geary st. : ; ;:- ¦*¦¦*;
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
EXPERIENCED plowman and vineyardlst on
ranch, near city. Palace of Art. 16 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS cigarmakers. 32S Bush St.. third
floor, room 4.
BOY or man to do Janitor work for tuition at
S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
VEST-MAKER who understands running fac-
tory. 641 Market st.
COAT makers, coat, pressers and vest opera-
tors. 641 Market st.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 18
years' practice: Examiner buildine.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 23c night; reading room; freo
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Room? 15c to 25c pernlsht; 73c to S2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement!" and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
ienci* st.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN .V DOYLE. Auctioneers.
BUGGY mare, gentle, for lady, for sale; 930 lbs:
8 years old; $33; from 9 a. m. to 1 p. m. 114
Stockton st.
PONY for sale: paddle or buggy. 1300 Howard
St.. between 9 and 12.
BUGGY mare for sale; gentle and stylish. Call
between 9 am. and 1 p. m., 114 Stockton st.
«0 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses.
Occidental Horse Exchanee. 721 Howard st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— FRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GREENWICH. 2015. near Buchanan. $22. THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
GROVE. 720—4 large sunny rooms; sunny sep-
arate yard: garden: bath: gas.
LOST AXD FOl>D.
LOST— At the Cliff or on Sutter street cars,
a black cocker spaniel bitch. Return to 71S j
Howard st. and receive reward.
LOST — Greyhound dog; black and white: near
Cliff House, August 18; reward. 10S1 Market
street.
LOST— Black water spaniel dog; short tall.
Reward 15 If returned to 324 Thirtieth st.
FOUND— A lady's pocketbook. August 14, at
632 Market St.. Apply 151 Hawthorne St.
LOST— Australian collie. 3 months old: gray
and black. Liberal reward at northeast cor-
ner Sacramento and Mason sts.
J250 REWARD for jewelry lost August 7 on
steamer Corona. Return to DR. KEENE1,
794 Sutter Bt. '
MEDICAL. ~
DR. and~MRS. DAVIES, 122S Market st.— Rell- j
able ladies' and gents' specialists; 32 rears :
practice: have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of- |
flee; ladies treated can return home the same j
day; try the celebrated HINDO HHRB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It oy di-
rections; prefectly harmless; homefor confine- I
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR.- KOHL, the well known and reliable
ladles' specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. Jo; positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement: skillful medical
. attention: consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR O W O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully: treatment can be
used at home: consultation fre«. After all
others fall call on him. 1023H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies" specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure $3* have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F.: maternity
home: low fees. 1007H Market St.. near SlxtB.
MRS DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yra.'
practice- home In confinement: treatment at
office J5: any ailment: consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
f-a'ses of all kinds cured: herbs and teas; sani-
tarium 704 Saeramento.cor.Kearay;ad\-lce free.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician: call,on physi-
cian with man's knowledge; treatment can
be used at home. 31S Kearny st.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1033 Ms rket— Ladles' special-
ist; home In confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free: hours 10 to 8. . • • ,.
DR. and MRS. 'M. WEGENER— Private horn*
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE— The only genuine ladies' specialist.
Office 1113 Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
Va*es of the human bodv. US Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machtnery7~M<>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont gt.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters
linoleum, store -and office furniture and fix-
tures; new and eecond-hanrt; we always have
a large stock of salocn outfits on hand; 32
complete outfits on our floor, ready made* we
can ehip everything in 24 hours. J. NOON'\v
1C17. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth'-
¦write for catalogue.
FO ? l . sa i e> at a har 8--n— 26-ton schooner vacbt.
with fixtures and fittings, complete; In first-
class condition, very stanch and roomy; sult-
S^.b.x'Sl c'_'u 8g o 'f fl ce F0r Part>cula " -*-
A-BUYS. sells or rents gear machinery en-
gines, boilers, vrater pipe, shafting pulleys
etc. WHITELAW, 21C Spear st. pUUeys '
GENUINE Lamair field and marine glass with
leather case for *15; almost new; has orig-
lnally con »26. UNCLE HATtRIS, i; Grant av.
20-FOOT gasoline launch for sale, cheap; 3>i
com -
A Tii 3 , 5 ?J? EI ?? Y and fedora hats. Jl 75. Pop-
— -I^ r -ZT lcg Hattera. S30 Kearny St.. near PlnV.
"«?J 5Al i T J F^ T i'. At Jl rora k! ««ns; choicest breed^
Ing. ANGORA CATTERY. 3313 Clay »t.
TALKING parrots for sale at 343 Brannan st.
16 »t CA r^ D x^"f° WKR dynamo: first class; see
at 1003 Mission St. EPSTEIN. S3S Mission st.
2I m HA^ tD u PhotOKraphle aml magic lantern out-
nts bought, sold, exchanged. 100 Montgomery.
A Fairbanks scale and Ore and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
F v£ri T " C V ASS 8ec °nd-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROOH MfK. Co.
2D ft HA>:D ensollne and steam engines, lathes.
etc.; general machine work. 137 Beale st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors.
and gasoline eng. H. s. White. 516 Mission.
A ™ JS2L f?.U- * 10: dress Pants. $! 75. MISFIT
. CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
TY^ WRI J ER ' No ' 'Smith Premier: late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 CaL
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE. j
EDISON "concert"pho75ogi-aph ; reduced price. \
175; concert recorda. SI 50. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
I.Ianers. lathes; 2d-hand. J. Curke. _O Beale.
2D-HAND fire-proof safe; 1 fire and burglar
proof safe; cheap. 42 Main St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2<l-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD fc ERECK. 131 Poat s:.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fr-;^
: MISCELLAAEOfS WANTS.
I KLEIN still pays best price for clothing f
j a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st.; tel. Jessie tti.
I HIGHEST price paid carpets, odd places of fur-"
nitun-. ELAND'S, ":> Ninth; tel. Howard llv"
SEALSKINS are what we pay bis Dru»<i , ~~
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. V, Stockt.in a;'
IK you wish full value for your cast-off <ir,,\, > ;
I call on B. CO1TE.V. 157 Third: tH Blaeka^L
JIOXEi" TO LOA.V "
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. UudUmML
gages, undivided Interest, real estat» In rm
bate; mortgages and legacies bouzhf n\ rf«"
lay; get my terms before doing huVmeW •i.f*
where. R. McCOLGAN. 14 M.-.nt^.n"^ «^[
ANY proposition, any amount. 4 p«. r ce-t- ir r~
secon-1 mortgages, estates in probate 'intp-Mt
In estates, legacies, corporation loan^ r^\VZ,
mortgages. life insurance, ttwa Me'n'tEX 1
Chronicle bldg. HALLOHAN & OL3EN '
HIGHLY respectable private j, !„,.-¦» t-, br . "
liberal advances on diamonds i%^.'.i-v a » i
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry St ur^ si 1» '11 1
St.; tel. Main 1*>44. Branch lj Thir.j at
1 ON furntiure and pianos without r»nv>val- cu'Mc
I service; money direct; lewtst Interefi Wooma
6S and 69. Donnhoe bulldlag. n:o ila;ke: V 'st
ON real estate 1st and 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any a-=->7i-,t-
loweat rate. BECKER & CO.. U -Itm^OTOry.
MOST reliable place to borrow en (JlaraondsT
watches, jewelry. W, J. IIESTH\L JSstx^
highest price for old goli. ?i:ver dtamcads.
LOANS
SALARIES ar.d FUrvi t'i'U'p
O. H. IIARSHBARGEIt. ll
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watcht-s. (liar.iom.ii- lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone l)a\1s too.
1500.000 at 6 per cent in sums to sjit in city al*>
J150.CO-} on larjce ranches: also on sec- nil'mort-
gagea It. J. MERCER & 60S. 412 Pine st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; cnnRaential
IIONELLI. SCI Jone9 st.. corner Edly.
MONEY loaned; personal security; 14 per cent;
private party. Room 20. 7th floor. Mills bid,;.'
ON furniture and pianos: no removal: confi-
dential; en diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
11. MURPHY. CO Market st.. solves all kir.d3 of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
j TO salaried people without security: all busi-
; ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
" ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month: na
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. « F.Udy st.
i ANY sum. 1st or Id mortKajres, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. SC3. Examiner bulldin?.
I CASH leaned to salaried people on note without
! indorser. MORRELL, 603 Examiner building.
J ON furniture, pianos, without removal : r.o com-
mission: private. LICK. US McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount As»ncv. 143 PlmUui hulirtlnsr.
MUSICAL nSTKlMESTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN, CLAT
! & CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
I a STEINWAY any time within three years
j and full purchase price allowed; the be3t
i makers of every trade to select from: beauti-
I ful new uprights $6 cash. $6 per month: soma
! (food pianos for $3, $4 anl Jo per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter nta..
San Francisco, corner Broadway and Thir- 1
! teenth st.. Oakland. _,8
AS usual we offer some flno bargains:
One Steck Upright, walnut case; like new.
One Weber Upright: walr.ut case; new.
One Fischer Upright; in fine order.
One Sterling Upright; mahogany ca3e.
One Neumann Upright; very good.
One Curtaz Upright: oak case; excellent.
Prices from T133 up: $3 per month.
BENJ. CVRTAZ & SON. 14 O'Farrell st.
! FINE Eaby Grand Decker & Son at a very low
prlce for a few days only; pood as new.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL Arlington or Marcellus mahog-
any upright; can be had to-day; dnn't buy un-
tll you see them. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st.
THE Olympla Interchangeable disk music box
is the greatest Invention of the age: they
play 15 tunes In succession; prices are very
reasonable. MAUVAIS. 763 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houso
west of Chicago Is KOHLER &. CHASES.
26. IS and 30 O'Farrell st- : pianos, organs ami
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
i REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Ness to 933 Market, bet. 5th and 6th. next
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction salo for
2 weeks; open ev'rgs; call and get low price*.
IF you have a GABLER piano, send jravf name
to Byron Mauzy. 30S Post st.. the sole agent,
for information.
AN elegant three-pedal upright piano, hand-
some embossed walnut case; owner must sell
at once. Room 10, Flood buildlns.
VIOLIN strings: never wet; best In the world:
making and repairing of all klni of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary St.
A FEW more pianos put on sale for storage;
at yonr own price; also Spencer'a retired
sto«?k. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market »t-
tl.'O BTIYS elegant Marshall & Wendell upright:
3 pedals. 7 1-3 octaves; or rent S2 50. 342
Kearny st. .
FOR sale— A pond second hand upright plan-'V^
613'/i Stockton r.t. f
BE In the swim: rent t new piano for S3 p«r
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes st.
SPECIAL sale— Uprights $73 up; Installments
$5 up; rents XI up. HEINE. 136 Ellis St.
THE WILEY b! ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.;
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
BOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Oabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 30S Post St.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment |3
pet month. SCHMITZ. IS McAllister st.
W. G. RADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. asent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, oM an.1 new. H.
MULLER. makrr. repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new piano.*: t"> payments:
f.->r rent. S3 bp. TfRT'TTW. y* P"«t ft.
MUSICAL IXSTItlCTIon.
FREE-Thre- months' piano Instruction by tx-
pert German teacher. Box 133ij. Call office.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
LARKIN. near Fulton, oppo-it- City Hall-
Large store and 3 rooms, together with coun-
ters, shelvin- etc.; rent reasonable. MADI-
SON & BURKE. ;
OFFICE to rent: 3 fine. Hcht front rooms on
Market «.. oppose Palace Hotel, rent tv)
per month. Address DU. TIERt-E & SO.N.
€20 Market st. ,
FOR RENT— Double store. 1"5<5 Howard st. ; |38:
water free; b<-st block.__Apply_at store.
TO let— Two floors. SftxSO; elevator. 51 Steven-
TO rent-Modem store: well lighted: KxlW: .
rrrt rfa^nnM^. 2?^ a^^___|l^__________________________ V-
PALMISTRY. y
1IME. N^rg^a7d.~Pr-s. St Germain Colle** of
Pn!ml«try ; r»a»1s 1 t n *. *^* f.earr. n- .Tories.
PERSO.VALS.
trAV"T?P—Tn know whereabouts of HENRT
ASirrON. A.Mress MK3. RAE. 213 No« st.
MME ADV, 3» Kearny. 47 P(.«t. ofHce 10-11; if
Kick' suffering from any cause, see this won-
derfully gifted htaler; she will cure you.
INSTITUTr. of Scier.ce; supgestlve therapeu-
tics' magnetic heillns; personal matmetlsm;
hypnotism. Prof. Fisher, ln:trurtor, 517 Masn.
MME. B. R- GROVE. 34 Kearny. room 12-
il»-aler:* treats chrcnlc diseases successfully.
WHY ST.-FFKR?
Persons affltcted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how Ions standing), or any other chronic
disease, should call at once at the SANS
FOl'CI. llflj Van Ness ave.— the up-to-date tn-
stitution fcr treatment. We have _> years'
experience. Charges reasonable.
MRS. ADA CLARK'S Academy of Pancln;—
Chlldren'f classes. Wednesdays, $3:30 to 5:*>:
Saturdays, 2 to 4:S0; Tuesday evening school
changed to Friday at Pcvls-rtero Hall.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; V>
years' experience. J. It. R.\Y. 357 Jessie xt.
LEDEREUS Qutntonlca hair tonic win make
your hair perfectly beautiful: 33c bot.; try !t.
THERE Is but one halrdr-wer; Lcderer ures*^
ycur hair in the very latest modes for onm >l
25c. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton. -^
LEDERER Foamo Shampoo Is perfect* c_n uaa
at home; 5c pkg. 123 Stockton »t.
BIIITS to order on Installments: $13 upward-
$1 a week. LEON* LEMOS. 1117 Market M.'.
between Seventh and Eighth. »Shipping Intelligence.
August 17. 1000.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the lMth meridian. .ir at 8
o'clock p. rn.. Greenwich time.
I C. G. CAL.KIXS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.. In charge-
Branch Hydrosrraphlo Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' ExchanKe, San Francisco, Cal.,
Time Ball.
Sun) Moon and Tide.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 18.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official- au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low wa^rs occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the heicht of tide is the same at both places.
Steamer Movements.
Flow of Rivers.
Following Is a . statement of - the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides afe given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the dav. the third time column the third tide
and the last or richt hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heJchts
{riven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — > precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth riven by the charts. The plane of
reference la the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises 5:27
Sun sets 6:59
Moon sets 0:00 a. m.
N 93 . by , E 87 : 6 ; {23. 300.%*^^ c^gp£MQ$a
.. Same ¦ owner, with Western Expanded " Metal
Builders' Contracts.
Alvlnza Hayward (owner) with Duffey Bros,
(contractors); architect G. - W. Percy—Plumb
ing.'drains, gas pipes, etc.. for a eleven-story
and " basement fireproof building , on lot on NE
corner , of California * and • Montgomery, streets.
J3raylnp and Warehouse Company (corpora
tion), lot on SE line of Brannan street, 137:6
KB of Sixth, NE 137:6 by SE 250; $10.
Cora W. and James H. Morion to Annie G.
Mullaly, lot on E line of Twenty-fifth avenue,
100 S of Clement street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Thomas A. and Mary Mclntyre to Jacob Hey
man, lot on W Hnp of Ninth avenue, 150 S of
B street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
David and Elizabeth Lynch to Joseph and
Edmond I). Lynch, re-record 1S63 D. 30S, lot on
XE ccrner of Randall and Dame streets, E 100
by N 100, block 2S. Falrmount Homestead; $10.
Elizabeth, Joseph and Edmond D. Lynch to
Michael Ruane, lot on N line of Randall street,
l.'O W of Chenery, W 25 by N 100, block 2S.
Falrmount; J10.
Flora A'- Bland to William F. Wilson, lot
on E line of Park Hill avenue, 202 :7H S of
Buena Vista. S 25 by E 115, lot 10, block B,
Park Hill Homestead: $10.
J. E. Ricker to Mary Bell, lot on E line of
Prentlss street. 25 N of Jefferson, E 70 by N
25, lot S35, gift map 2; $10.
Georse C. Kemp to George W. II. and John
Q. A. Patterson. lot on N corner College and
Olmstead streets, NE 120 by NW 50, lot 5,
block 61, University Homestead; also lot on
SW line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 75 SE of K
Ktreet SE 75 by SW 100, block 494, Bay View
Homestead; also lot on SW line of Twenty
fourth avenue, 150 SE of J street, SE 60 by SW
100. block 466, came; $1000.
Alameda County.
F. F. and Cora M. Dodge to F. A. Dodge,
lots 18, 19 and 20, Turnbull Tract, being a sub
division of a portion of lot 7, Toakum Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
John J. Abel to Antonio Bleagno, lot on S
line of Twenty-first street. 75:2 E of Filbert, S
78.1014, E 50, N S7:0%, W 50 to beginning of
block 614, Oakland; $10.
James E. Whltehead to Francesca A. Wal
lace lot on E line of Peralta street, 110 S of
Twelfth N 30, E 82:4, S 30:0%, W 84 to begin
ning, being the N portion of lot 5 of survey No.
101S, made February 10, 1877, by T. J. Arnold,
Oakland: $10. . "•>
Christina Nonken to William Corbln, lot on
W line of Ettle street, 225 S of B. S 25 by W
133, being subdivision C In lot 9, block 795,
Watts Tract Map 2, Oakland; $10.
Peter H. Brelg to W. O. Dlehl, lot on S Une
of Tenth street. 40 E of KIrkham. E 23:8 by S
100 being lot 26 and portion lot 27, block 561,
Oakland; $10.
P. S and Edith A. Sternberg to -Peter H.
Brelgr, lot on SW corner of Thirty-second and
Magnolia street*", W 100 by S 60, portion lot 7,
block G, map of lands Peralta Homestead As
sociation. Oakland: $10.
J. M. Baker (executor of the estate of Emllle
or Emilia Epgel) to Louis D. Reeb, lot on W
line of PeralU street. 63 N of Sixteenth, N 25
by W 110, being lot 3, block 740-B. Oakland:
$220. '...•¦
Anne«te and Joseph Marlstany and Joseph
Maristany Jr. to Joseph Openshaw, lot on SW
corner of Oak street and Alameda avenue, S 54
by W 100, being the N 54 feet of lots 10 and 11,
In E >4 of block D, lands adjacent to Enclnal,
Alameda; $10.
William J. and Elizabeth Kitto to George W.
and Mary J. Keeler, lot on S line of Thirty
second street. W 50 by S 140. being lot 12, block
203", Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to R. W. | A.
and E. A. C. PORtel. lot on S line of Baarle ave
nue, 5S W of Minturn street, W 125 by S 100,
being lots 6 to 10. block 51, on map of resubdl
vlsion, block E8 and portion block 51, town of
Encinal. Alameda: $10.
Joseph A. Leonard Company (a corporation)
to Robert M. Welch," the S 30 feet of subdivi
sions B and D in lot 60, subdivisions A and C
In lot 61 and N 40 feet of subdivisions B and D
In lot 61, map of Alameda Park Homestead,
Alameda: $10.
Edward G. and Delia L. Tupper to Ernest A.
Heron, lot on NE line of Moss avenue. 241.46 SE
of Oakland avenue, SE 50 by NE 150, being lot
1!, block I. Linda Vista Terrace, subject to a
mortgage of $3500, Oakland; $10.
John R. Glascock to Michael Spies, lots 1 and
2. block 23A, on Map of Subdivision block 23,
North Alameda Tract. East Oakland; $500.
Louise Bauerle (widow) to Anna H. Sllva
(daughter), lot on S corner . of East Twenty
fourth street and . Eleventh avenue, SW 50 by
SE 100, block 142, Clinton, East Oakland; also
lots 58 and 59 on Map of Henry and Phillips
Tract, being a subdlvlsjon of lots 1 to 5, 27 to
33. Map of Bray Property, Brooklyn Township;
gift.
Louise and Theodore Fricke to Sophia D.
Bins, lot on SW corner of Huff and Frultvale
avenues, S 75, W 150, 8 75, W 50, N 150, E 200
to beginning, Brooklyn Township; $200. .
Arthur H. Llose to Lena L. Llese, beginning
at a r>olnt In center : line of county road Oak
land to San Leandro, 56:3 W from center - line
of Llese avenue if same was extended south
westerly, thence NW 112, NE 774:10. 8E 112:7,
SW 774:10, • to beginning, Brooklyn • Township;
gift.- . ¦;¦¦ ¦_______ :i':'--^r-'- -'¦/;
$40W.
• Frank E. and Gertrude Peabody to Morton
Margaret Dolan (by F. C. Castelhun. com
missioner) to Minna Foerst, lot on S line of
Post street, 163 W of Baker, W 27:6 by S 137:6;
J2SS3.
Geortte W. H. and J. Q. A. Patterson (George
W. H. Patterson & Co.) to Georpe C. Kemp,
lot on N line of Hill street, 254:6 W of Church,
\V 50:11 by N 114; $10.
Frederick Gamier to Martin G. and Vlctolre
G. Vigne and Marie G. Lepin (wife of Fran
cois), re-record 1421 D. 265. lot on W line of
Alabama street, 140 S of Twenty-fifth. S 25
by W ICO; $10.
James Mooncy to Annie Mooney, lot on S
line of Twenty-flfth street, 101:9 W of Dolores,
W 50:11 by S 114; $5.
Emma and William AKreuter to Chin Sin.
lot on .W line of Waverly place, CS:9 N of Clay
street. N 2S:"H by W 61:9& (quitclaim deed);
110.
Mary Gllmour to same, name; $10.
Estate of Charlotte Coombs (by executor) to
Henry L. McKnew, lot on fE line of Jessie
meet, 225 SW of Fourth, SW 25 by SE 70;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Notice Is hereby given that the following
named aid to navigation was established in
Alaska, which affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1900.
Lynn Canal, page 85. Sherman rock bell
buoy — a red nun-shaped buoy — was established
July 30 in 39 feet of water, about 100 feet W.
S. W. from Shenran rock.
Point Sherman, N. by E.; Point St. Marys
(West tangent), E. E. by E. H E. ; -Sullivan
rock, W. »i N.
The bell is sounded by the action of the sea.
In very strong ebb tides and moderate weather,
also when ice . collects around the buoy, the
bell cannot be depended upon to ring. Pilots
and masters of vessels are requested to notify
the Lighthouse Inspector if this buoy should
drift from its position, or fall to work satis
factorily.
By order of the United States Lighthouse
Board. W. P. DAY.
Commander, IT. S. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
ALASKA.
Notice to Mariners.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Ten.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr North Fork,
hence Auk 15.
Sailed Aug 17 — Stmr . Fulton, for San Fran
dsco.
Arrived Aw? 17— Schr Mary Buhne, hence Aug
7; stmr Empire, from Coos Bay; stmr Orizaba,
hence Auz 18.
UMPQU A— Arrived Aug 13— Schr Lily, hence
An z 2.
Sailed Ane 15— Schr Louise, for San Pedro.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Auk 17— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD- Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Alcazar,
for San Dieso.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Aug 17— Stmr National
City, for San Francieco.
PORT GAMBLE-Arrlved Auj 17-Schr Lettl
tla. from Nome.
Sailed Auk 17 — Schr Falcon, for San Fran
cisco.
USAL— Arrived Aug 17— Stmr Luella, hence
Aug 16.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived Aug 11— Bark Ru
fus E Wood, from Oyster Harbor.
In port Aug 11 — Ship Jabez Howes. U S stmr
Wheeling. H M S Pheasant.
NOME Sailed Aug 4— Stmr Robert Dollar, for
Seattle: stmr Aloha and tug Discovery, for Si
Mlcl ad: stmr Dora, for Port Clarence.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 17— Schr Bowhead.
from Nome: stmr Homboldt. from Skacruay.
Sailed Aug 16— Stmr Alliance, for Nome; U S
«tmr Columbine, for Astoria. Aug 17— Ship
Isaac Reed, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 17 — Stmr Roanoke. from Nome:
stmr Lakme, from Nome; stmr Robert Dollar,
from Nome: stmr Excelsior, from Cooks Inlet;
ship Spartan, hence July 31.
Sailed Aug 17-Schr Lettltla. for Port Gam
ble. Aug 16— Stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 17— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Auz is.
TATOOSH— Passed Ang 17— Stmr Portland,
hence Auk 13, for Seattle; stmr Robert Dollar,
from Nome.
WHATCOM— Arrived Aug 17— Br bark Still
water, from Port Townsend.
PORT LCDLOW— Arrived Aug 17— Schr Ethel
Zane. from Port Townsend.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug 17— Schr
Muriel, hence Aug 1; schr J B Leeds, from
Port Townsend.
Arrived Auk 17 — Schr Azalea, from Port
Townsend.
COOS BAY-Salled Aug 16-Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 16— Rtmr Arcata. her.ee Aug 14.
FORT TOWNSEND— Passed up Aug 17— Stmr
Roanoke. from Nome.
Arrived Aug 17— Bark Gerard C Tobey. from
Yokohama.
Sailed Aue 17— Schr Glendale. for San Fran
cisco: *chr Mary E Russ. for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Aug 17— Stmr Cleone-. hnc
Auc 16.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 18— Schr Ori
ent, hence July z4.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 7— Br bark Kll
mory. from Liverpool: ship Emily F Whitney,
hence July 17. Aug 8 — Br bark Dunrsggan. from
Iywdon. Aug 9— Jap stmr America Maru. hence
Aup 3: Nor stmr Thyra, from Yokohama. Aug
10— Jap stmr Hongkonsr Mam. from Yokohama:
hark Albert, hence July 27.
Sailed Aug 8 — Schr Wm H Smith, for Port
Townsend; f>hlp Marlon Chllcctt, for ' Pert
Town?end. Aug 9— Stmr America Maru. for
Yokohama: phlp Dirigo, for San Francisco; Ncr
stmr E!dsvold. for San Francisco: Nor stmr
Thyra. for San Die«o. Aug 10— Schr Robert
Lewers. for Port Ludlow. •
: EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER-Salled Auj? 16
—Bark Guy C Gos*. from Philadelphia, for San
Francisco. •" ¦
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Ang 1«— Fr bark
Emlll« Gnlline. r:?nce April 11
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed Aujr 15— Fr bark
Gassard. from Antw»r . for Oregon.
KIAOCHAU- Sailed Auz 11— Ger bark Oster
bek, for Orer^n.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Auz 16— Stmr Ger
manic,' from Liverpool.
'- NAGASAKI— Sailed A«i 17— Stmr Port Al
bert for Seattle.
MOVILLE— Sailed Auc 17— Stmr Furnesla,
from Glasgow, for New York.
HONOLULU. Aug 9— Br bark Dunreggan.
from London, for Honolulu, went ashore on
Diamond Head Aug 8. where she remained until
Aug- 9. 4 p m. She was then towed off by tugs
Fearles?, Iroquols and Eleu.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per stmr Rival— Aug 15, at noon, lat 43 49 N.
Ion 124 35 W. spoke tug Tatoosh, with ship John
Ena in tow. hence Ausr 11. for Port Townsend.
Tatoosh reported the death of Fred Merkey, a
coal passer, that morning.
Per Jap stmr Hongkong Maru— Passed stmr
City of Peking at 5 p m. Aug 14. lat 30 45 W.
Ion 141 W, hence Aug 11, for China, etc. Aug
14. lat 35 19 W, Ion 123 44 W. sighted full-rigged
Br ship.
MEMORANDUM.
Per ship Roa.nokc— May 20, off Staten Island.
Br bark letters N R L. C, from London, for
Honolulu. July 3, fat 26 30 S, Ion 93 W, Br
Fhip Glenard. from Antwerp, for Taroma. Aug
5. 1st 32 10 N, Ion 135 W, Br bark Kllmory.
from Liverpool, for Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 17, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles.
Friday. August 17.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Diego.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, Seattle.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr San Mateo. Fletcher. Nanalmo.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendoclno.
Br stmr Warfleld, Pattie Chemalnus.
Br shiD Pegasus, Bailey, Queenstown.
Br ship Crown of India. Williamson, Queens
town.
Schr Melancthon. Olsen. .
Schr A B Johnson. Segelhorst. Grays Harbor.
BAILED.
CLEARED.
Friday, August 17.
Br stmr Warfield. Pattle. Chemalnus; R
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Fr bark Marechal Davout, Oger, Queenstown;
G W McNear.
Schr Transit. Jorgenson. Chemainus; R J
Tyson.
ARRIVED.
Friday, August 17.
Stmr State of California. Parsons, 50 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 41H hours.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. 70 hours from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen. 34 hours from Needle
Rock, via Albion 25 hours, with stmr South
Coast in tow.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, 25 hours from Al
bion. In tow of stmr Whitesboro.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 13V* hours from Fort
Brags.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Bonlt£, Nicolson. 7S hours from New
port (S), etc.
Jap stmr Hongkong Mara, Fllmer, 2S days 12
hours 12 minutes from Hongkong, via Yoko
hama, and via Honolulu 5 days 22 hours IS min.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson. 22 days from
Hllo.
Bark Gatherer. Younggren, S days from Ta
coma.
Schr Del Xorte, Jacobson, 80 hours from
Rojue River.
Schr Pioneer. Mlkkelsen/ 5 days from Colum
bia River.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyea.
Schr Reliance, Larsen, 26 hours from Albion.
Schr Repeat, Olsen, 6 days from Grays Har
bor.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W H Grant, Woodlnd
A Johnson. Oakland
J M Wilson. Reno
S J Newman & w. Cal
A H Wright, Stkton
C Foster. Philadelphia
E P Parker, Astoria
J Brown & w, Cal
C W Hill. Cal
A B Tuckey & w, Cal
Mrs Lewis, Alameda
Miss Lewis, Alameda
W J Rouse, Santa Ana
T Youngworth, L Ang
W J Stevens, L Ang
S Soule, Seattle
O Fassett & w, Spkan
Mrs K Fassett, Spkan
L M Fassett, Spokane
L Thorne, N Y
D C Wilsins. Los Ang
F A McElmell, Phlla
C LJnderman, Iowa
Mrs D Llnderman. la
Miss Llnderman, Iowa
Miss T Gamble, N Y
Miss H Gamble, N Y
iJ J Stephens, Woodld
IE H Russell, Victoria
IC T/McFaul. Nevada
E C Ward U S A T S
W B Demery. Los Kn
W P Hussey, Indiana
D Richardson, Mexico
Mrs D G Cook, St Loui
Miss C D Cook. St Lou
D D Cook. St Louis
E Cook, St Louis
C H Frost & w, Cal
J G Sharre. Salt Lake
W A Crane, SaH Lake
Ci F Adklns, Seattle
Mrs G D Stephens, Cal
W P Thomas, Ukiah
W J Mitchell. Cal
R Forsythe & w. Cal
C Foster. Phila
\V E Hayes & w. Cal
J R Jones, Los Ang
E Carpenter. Sacto
O F Toy, Pennsylvania
R M Toy, Otden
Mrs C Swartout. Napa
C Francee, Salinas
PALACE HOTEL.
J E Levi. N Y
W II Hawlett. N Y
H L Smith, Vallejo
H G Bond, Sta Clara
E O Cord. USA
W P Fishburn, L Ang
J D Davidson, Fresno
D W Duncan, Wash
H Metzser & w, Or
C F Ainsworth. Ariz
A Hill. Saglnaw
WW N Camp?, Fla
Jack Camps, Fla
Miss S Camps, Fla
Miss L Camps, Fla
Mrs C L Whitney. Mass
C B Whitney, Mass
Mary L Whitney, Mass
Byron Whitney, Mass
Mrs D K Horton, Cal
Miss M Horton. Cal
Miss B Horton, Cal
M Kahn, Philadelphia
O L Simpson, N Y
Mrs Simpson, N Y
R L Coleman & w. Cai
I A Hollick. N Y
W B Lawrence, N Y
H L Morris, N Y
Mrs Morris. N Y
Miss E Morris, N T
Miss S Morris, N Y
IC Marion, Dawson
IW A Maddison, S Jose
W A Holton, Hamilton
S J Holton & w, S Jose
Mrs A P Boner. Kim Ira
J S FasseU, Elmira.
H Cralc. Ky
E B Gays & w, Ariz
Mrs E D Block & son,
Prescott
J M Sandovel & w.
Albuquerque
I Gutierrez & w, N M
Mrs A Sandovel & 8,
Albuquerque
T A Frlneal. N Mex
C Carbonneau, Dawson
H Brace, Vancouver '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
J w Bell & w, Texas;
Miss S B Cohn, Texas
E Josey & w. Texas!
A J Eddy, -Campbells
E McPhllomy, Tesla
J B Johnson, Eureka j
G F Lincoln. Chicago
J Anderson, Boston
J Mogan, Chinese Cp
T Claussen, Marin
E C Hagans, Clnn
E CrinRham, Atlanta
T E Bowen. Boston
C Crotty, Boston
J T McClaln, Tucson
J W McClaln, Tucson
L King & f, Wabash
C E Potts, L Ane
P York. S Jose
Ed Myers, S Jose
J Andrews & f. S Jose
G Cromwell. Texas
N A Bowden. Vancovr
P Rawllngs, Vancovr
R Comben, Vancouver
J Russell. Vancouver
E Williams, Bagdad
O R McGee. Lompoc
X R McMann. Sacto
G R "Williams. Sacto
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HKItXDOX.
Patrick Moloney (owner) with John M. Bradt
(contractor and architect)— All work for a two
story frame building with brick foundation on
W Hn2 of Prosper street. 1S?:6 N of Seven
teenth. N 25 by W 6S:9, MB 104; $2500.
Company (contractors), architect came—Fire
proof partitions, columns, metal lathing, plas
tering, ornamental cornice work for same on
same; ?31,20O.
F. Tillminn Jr. - (trustee, owner) with Otis
Elevator Company (contractor), architect J. F.
Dunn— Installment of one electric passenger
elevator (use present car and reialn • present
annunciator and light fixture) in Plymouth
Hotel, en corner of Bush and Jones streets;
$1650.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1900.
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J. B. Lipplncott. hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey:
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
TUOLUMXE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
•La Grange Hydraulic and Mining Company's
Canal— second feet.
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
TO SAIL.
13
TO ARRIVE.
C Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a H W LWHWL.W
18 ... 6:45 3.9 11:09 3.0 5:34 5.7
L W H W L W H W
19 ... 1:00 0.0 ":59 4.1 12:23 3.2 6:3S 6. ~t
20 ... 1:59—0.2 8:5S 4.4 1:32 3.1 7:39 5.7
21... 2:49—0.3 9:44 4.6 2:33 2.9 8:38 5.7
22... 3:34—0.3 10:25 4.9 S:2o 2.7 9:30 5.*
23... 4:12—0.2 11:00 5.0 4:12 2.4 10:19 5.5
24... 4:45 0.1 11:35 5.2 4:55 2.1 U:M| . 5.4
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Proureso JTacoma IAur. IS
Victoria ........ Oyster Harbor Aug. 18
Empire Coos Bay Aug. IS
Peru .. New York Auk. n
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 19
Orizaba . Humboldt Aug. 19
Panta Rosa Pan DIoRti Ausr. 19
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Aug. 19
Tltania Xanalmo Aug. 19
Pomona Seattle Aug. 19
Czarina Oyster Harbor Aug. 19
Tanls Hamburg Auk. 20
Umatllla Victoria Aug. M
North Fork..... Humboldt Aug. 21
Coos Bay. Newport Ausr. 21
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Aug. 22
Eureka Humboldt..... Aug. 22
Columbia .. Portland Aug. a
Corona San Diego Augr. 23
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aug. 2-t
Mariposa ....... Sydney Aug. 24
Point Arena.... Point Arena Aug. 24
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Eureka .... Humboldt..... 1
San Jose... New York
Ncwburg .. Grays Harbor
Bonlta Newport..
Walla Wai. Victoria
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
Del Norte.. I Portland
St. Paul f... I Cape Nome...
Enpire ....ICoos Bay ..
Gaelic ..... China &.Iapan
Slate Cal.. Portland
Ranta Rosa San Ulpgo.....
Pomona ... HnmboMt;.;..
Arcata .- Coos ttnv
G. Dollar... | Gray b Harbor
Auntralta ..JHonolulu......
Coo* Bay. .IXewport. ......
BarraeoutaJCon. America.
ITmatlUa ..|Vlctorla.......|
North ForklHumboldt.....
Czarina ...IRfattle.. .......!
Corona ....|San Dlcgo.....!
Aug. 18. 10 am Pier 11
Auk. 18. 12 ml PMSS
Aug. 18. 5 pm Pier 13
Auk. l».r 9 am Pier U
Aug. 19. 11 am Pier 3
Auk. 20. 3 pm Pier 2
Aug. 20. ¦ 8 amlPlor 2>
Aug. 20. 2 pmlPicr 34
Aug. 21, 10 am|Pler 13
Aug. 21. 1 pm PMSS
Aug. 21. 11am Pier 24
Aug. 21. 11 am Pier 11
Auer. 21. 2 pm Pier 9
Au*. n. 12 m Pier 13
Aug. 22, ; i........
Aug. 2. IpmiPIer 7
Aug. 23. 9 anvPler 11
Aug. 23. 12 mlPMSS
[Auu. 21. 11 am Pier 9
|Au*. 14. 12 mtPier 2
lAug. 24, 11 am Pier 11
|Auff. 25, 11 am Pier 11
DATE.
Second Feet.
1839. 1900.
1RM.
I 19M.
August 5
August 6 ,
August 7
August 8
Ausust 9
August 11
I -""• ) ""»•
J.SJ3. I
33S0 I
30S0 !
39S0
J9S0
39SO
3SS0
13W.
3S05
3S05
3S05
SS05
3S05
3S05
DATE. -
I SeconrJ Feet.
-
ISM. !
! taw
1S99. 1900.
August 5
August 6
August 7
August 8...:
August 9
August 10
August 11
I ""• *" v "
1S»9.
175
175
:>¦:.
220
175
175
1SW.
130
130
130
13-J
130
&'l
90
DATE.
Second Feet.
1S99. 1900.
August 5
August 6
August 7
Ausrust 8
August 9
Ausrust 10
August 11
690
443
415
445
540
540
540
445
445
jra
2S0
2S0
2S0
2S0
! Second Feet.
DATE.
I 1SW. j 13CO.
August 5
August 6
August 7.
Autrust 8
August 9
August 10.
August 1L
4SO
4S.»
520 >
520/
430\
4S0
4S0
572
520
675
4SO
4S0
4iO
440
ISecond Ft. I I : I
DATE. Mn'gCo. TurlocklTotl
''>;,, 1S33 1900 *Canal. Canal. I 1900
August 5... 224 65 12.00 139 I 21S
August 6... 1S9 65 12.00 139 | 216
August 7... 110 35 12.00 13» 1S6
August 8... 374 25 12.00 133 1T6
August 9... 434 25 [ 12.00 117 154
August 10... 439 15 12.00 117 141
August 11... 439 15 12.00 117 144
C Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a H W LWHWL.W
18 ... 6:45 3.9 11:09 3.0 5:34 5.7
L W H W L W H W
19 ... 1:00 0.0 ":59 4.1 12:23 3.2 6:3S 6. ~t
20 ... 1:59—0.2 8:5S 4.4 1:32 3.1 7:39 5.7
21... 2:49—0.3 9:44 4.6 2:33 2.9 8:38 5.7
22... 3:34—0.3 10:25 4.9 S:2o 2.7 9:30 5.*
23... 4:12—0.2 11:00 5.0 4:12 2.4 10:19 5.5
24... 4:45 0.1 11:35 5.2 4:55 2.1 U:M| . 5.4
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Eureka .... Humboldt..... 1
San Jose... New York
Ncwburg .. Grays Harbor
Bonlta Newport..
Walla Wai. Victoria
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
Del Norte.. I Portland
St. Paul f... I Cape Nome...
Enpire ....ICoos Bay ..
Gaelic ..... China &.Iapan
Slate Cal.. Portland
Ranta Rosa San Ulpgo.....
Pomona ... HnmboMt;.;..
Arcata .- Coos ttnv
G. Dollar... | Gray b Harbor
Auntralta ..JHonolulu......
Coo* Bay. .IXewport. ......
BarraeoutaJCon. America.
ITmatlUa ..|Vlctorla.......|
North ForklHumboldt.....
Czarina ...IRfattle.. .......!
Corona ....|San Dlcgo.....!
Aug. 18. 10 am Pier 11
Auk. 18. 12 ml PMSS
Aug. 18. 5 pm Pier 13
Auk. l».r 9 am Pier U
Aug. 19. 11 am Pier 3
Auk. 20. 3 pm Pier 2
Aug. 20. ¦ 8 amlPlor 2>
Aug. 20. 2 pmlPicr 34
Aug. 21, 10 am|Pler 13
Aug. 21. 1 pm PMSS
Aug. 21. 11am Pier 24
Aug. 21. 11 am Pier 11
Auer. 21. 2 pm Pier 9
Au*. n. 12 m Pier 13
Aug. 22, ; i........
Aug. 2. IpmiPIer 7
Aug. 23. 9 anvPler 11
Aug. 23. 12 mlPMSS
[Auu. 21. 11 am Pier 9
|Au*. 14. 12 mtPier 2
lAug. 24, 11 am Pier 11
|Auff. 25, 11 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Proureso JTacoma IAur. IS
Victoria ........ Oyster Harbor Aug. 18
Empire Coos Bay Aug. IS
Peru .. New York Auk. n
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 19
Orizaba . Humboldt Aug. 19
Panta Rosa Pan DIoRti Ausr. 19
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Aug. 19
Tltania Xanalmo Aug. 19
Pomona Seattle Aug. 19
Czarina Oyster Harbor Aug. 19
Tanls Hamburg Auk. 20
Umatllla Victoria Aug. M
North Fork..... Humboldt Aug. 21
Coos Bay. Newport Ausr. 21
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Aug. 22
Eureka Humboldt..... Aug. 22
Columbia .. Portland Aug. a
Corona San Diego Augr. 23
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aug. 2-t
Mariposa ....... Sydney Aug. 24
Point Arena.... Point Arena Aug. 24
DATE.
Second Feet.
1839. 1900.
1RM.
I 19M.
August 5
August 6 ,
August 7
August 8
Ausust 9
August 11
I -""• ) ""»•
J.SJ3. I
33S0 I
30S0 !
39S0
J9S0
39SO
3SS0
13W.
3S05
3S05
3S05
SS05
3S05
3S05
DATE. -
I SeconrJ Feet.
-
ISM. !
! taw
1S99. 1900.
August 5
August 6
August 7
August 8...:
August 9
August 10
August 11
I ""• *" v "
1S»9.
175
175
:>¦:.
220
175
175
1SW.
130
130
130
13-J
130
&'l
90
DATE.
Second Feet.
1S99. 1900.
August 5
August 6
August 7
Ausrust 8
August 9
Ausrust 10
August 11
690
443
415
445
540
540
540
445
445
jra
2S0
2S0
2S0
2S0
! Second Feet.
DATE.
I 1SW. j 13CO.
August 5
August 6
August 7.
Autrust 8
August 9
August 10.
August 1L
4SO
4S.»
520 >
520/
430\
4S0
4S0
572
520
675
4SO
4S0
4iO
440
ISecond Ft. I I : I
DATE. Mn'gCo. TurlocklTotl
''>;,, 1S33 1900 *Canal. Canal. I 1900
August 5... 224 65 12.00 139 I 21S
August 6... 1S9 65 12.00 139 | 216
August 7... 110 35 12.00 13» 1S6
August 8... 374 25 12.00 133 1T6
August 9... 434 25 [ 12.00 117 154
August 10... 439 15 12.00 117 141
August 11... 439 15 12.00 117 144
OCEANS TRAVEX.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
rUXEHAL DIRECTORS AXD EMBALMERS
20 Fifth Et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone . South SO. r
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. RAW YARD AND YAILEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
HON.. Tuen.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat at J:«
a. m.. 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mls»ion-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main ISO'S.
ninn . - m* . inn ¦¦¦¦ ¦ wi ,i ,-^
r AKe. SOo
Zealand and Australia Wed., Sept 5, 8 p. m.
L 0. SPrtcCKGLS & S3GS.C0.. 4gt3.. It Montgomcn
Plar 7. Foot Paciftc St Frei«M0ttct.327 Market St
Wednesday. Autrust 22. 2 p. m.
S. F. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New
OCEANIC 8. S. CO.-HO>-OLTTt.U, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only>
SOXPAQNIE GESIRALB i nUSSATLA5TIQuX
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAMIS.
Saillnir every Thursday. Instead of v2jil!>
Saturday, from Xovember 2. 1S39. at 1^ 3 *
10 a. m.. from Pier 4i Xorth River, foot of
Morton street. LA LORRAINE. August 23: LA
TOURAINE. August 30; L.AQUITAINE. Sept.
«: LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 13. First class to
Havre. %¥>. 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre, ta-and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. OEXERAL AOEN'CY FOR
TTXITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadtrav
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery av«-
nue. San Francisco.
30 Montgomery Street
From Xew York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland ...August 22tWesternlan«l ...Sept. IS
Frlealand ....August 2»| Kensington ....Pept. IS
Southwark Sept. 5 Xoordland Sept. »
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
BED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Etopplnir «t Cherbourg, westbouna. " .
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York....Au*ust »[New York Sept. »
St. Paul Sept. 5 St. Paul Sept. M
St. Louis Sept. 12. St. Louis Oct. t
AMERICAN LINE.
KIW TORS. 8CCT3AHrPT0!». LOSDOST. VAKTL
Via Honolulu
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. Tor
freijrht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
" • W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
STEAMERS WTLL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Fir^t and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HIoero>. Nagasaki and Shanghai.' and
connecting at Honjckonir with steamers for In-
dia, etc. Ko cargo received on board on day
of sallinr.
SS. HONGKONG MARU.....
; Wedne«day. Auirist 23. 1300
SS. XIPPON MARC
Saturday. S*ptemb«r C. l<xy>
SS AMERICA MARU.. TVednesday. Oct. 17. 1900
TOYO HSEN KAISHA.
rnUJiOXAI.a. i
' I
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.. '*
HOPKJ3 BROS.
>T.-.ttv55*-s ard renews made to order re-
rorvred and renovated; honest work guiran- '
terd: prices d«fy CdntpKitloa; fine upholstery !
I'V.-nt :i<>.'; ractcry. SIS and 320 Eleventh st. • I
' ; ~> i t-'-:r:y^ clearing and dyeing. <Ji Sutter st ' I
Por I"rar.d*<-o. '¦ |
ELECTBIC hfttita jn every rocm— Winrh»5t»r j
Hrf!. *4 Thita ft.. r.<\-.r Market: TOO r.-.-ms- '
I'c to I! SO r-'r Tiic»-t; |1 't> to «6 per wrek : i
irr- :^f «:i<l l:a;%-r«gp to nn 1 from the f»rry.' j
>'2J.FS-sno rermar.e-t cure* !n Kan Franc:«ro
vv!>.n p W be seer: no erratic::: no pain- rar-
tlHlcgra F?nt. A3. Physician, box liCO. Call.
HAIR <i«Ji<"k!y t -Jr><! . r xvaved bv U5'ns Tal-
r .-:;'« curlir.g fu'.i: 2T..- bottle; druggist*.
LAMES' nnd cents' c-m-.ifr clothing bcucht &
'¦:<'.. y.ivfrrrmr.. j*4 Fnlsom: tel. Folsom :m.
IVAVTKn— o:d-fasfcione<1 silver, fcrafs copper
vr ' r rLT'i r i2^; JL' 1 fif5rri r i < io n*- "S Dupont st.
rtTTS to rt\!cr en r.i«y payments. Art Tailcr^
«Jjc Co.. Examiner r-uiUiir.g. room «07.
AtJFTiEDVXa Ks7-t.tlaiTTlir.na restores gray
l:air to :ts natural color. $i: at all druggists.
CAST-OFF -lothinr. hM g'ld and silver bought;
?t<*. rx-ftr.1. mi,r.MAN-S CC6 Kearny st
rnysici-txs axd scrgeoxs.
DR. J. HERBERT "REEVETaiT Kearny Tt~.
ruw l.y ln v|;y NVrvnu* Prostration. In^
*omria. AL/tim*. Hh^amatisin. I.'.ira'.vsis Ca-
I toxtmuKJflB. Kidney, a.n'i a il ir.flam-
•"•atory ctia; d?p»nfff» Ciiignosed.
CHRONIC rtlsrase!. of men. women: cures guar-
> ¦nteed. -DR. GOItDty, 814 -Pin*, nr. Kearny.
rn. c. c. f! 7je n^r
'¦:v ; M?»-y-rt ct.. iu,). Siy..b :)»v1 Srwtith.
rHOIT.IITV WAXTKD.
V'ANTED- lr<~cn* c<r uninu-roved city ¦?. F.)
property; r.iust be cheap. SPECK & CO €i3
Warfcet Et.
PEAL ESTATE — Cli V^— FOit S.VLH.
CHOICE building lot. vest f?Me Tenth ave .
125 feet. south of Clement: 2-"xl2O; about the
beat patt of Richmond; elevated ground:
»-.rect work done; a few .*!e;is from the elec-
tric oars: a prr-tty residence en each Fide
makes the let detiraU. : PKOi easy pay-
mests and r.rsi intta::rt«-r.t tiO. W. J. GL'.NX
E39 California st.
OV'NERS cf lots or residences bet we«n ' Flrrt
and Thirteenth avi>f.. Lake and D Fts.. who
v.a.nt to !=?ll can find c bjycr by caHins on
W. J. Gl'XN. S> <.'an:>rn!a Ft.
U.wr ;,\-,u real f-tate north of the Park or at
the Mission lhat vu want to sell? Then call
en \V. .J. GL'X.N". "30 California Ft.
17""'— THREE new modem flats, with marble
r:ep«. frescoed ceilings, etc.. in the best rent-
Ire eertlco of the city; I block from Haight-
n. car?, rn trailer ft., near Pierce; rents J3C0
I r y«ai; easy terries.
J '¦:(— TiA UGAIS: new 3-room ccttase en car
lire: r lot. EOVEH, TOY & CO..
Cl Market st.
FOB *al — : fl-ts on bu?!ne«r street in V.*estern
.\r<i;;:-n. Apply at 1"^ Pclk st.
T I iEKX bouses built: lowest rrice?; plans and
retitnates fumi.-hed Canjpl>cll. 1147 Mission.
CHEAPEST and tx.-st In America— Th» Wecfcly
«":/.':. It tiacr-^, pent to any &<i(Ire.«s In the
I'r.i'r i or C.inada. one year for $1.
Iti: \I. ESTATE — t Ol NTItY — PorjSale
} • -A FINE beartsc vineyard of 33 acres*;
Ihe Crop readv in six werks; estimated at
. <iiMr-.'-t fr<-«- of frost and free of dis-
• :. • : 1 ! 2 nallci fmm CIovcr«1ale; winery, ca-
; s^'.iy of J9.CW pallon? 1 ; this place wants ln-
cpr«tion t<» bfl fully avipr.^ciated; will not b*-
lor ssle af:?r the 1st of September. Address
T. J. D.. S;» Clovrrdaje.
: ' ¦ <>vp HEACH to- sale; finest summer re-
: it property nn Paoifi? «""ca? t . ; l^clud:n< cot-
ta^-F and hctfl. •00-aere l-anch. horses, cattle,
farmimc u'.enrils: v.ell watered. GEO. DIL-
LON. Tomales. Marin County. Cal.
PRINTED l!st; farms an3 r'ty property ex-
<-! ar.cej *rA ?oM. M. OHIFFIX. 71? MarVet.
SlltCBBAX DEAL ESTAXE.
5::, : ' f '— KC'^5 VaQer; modern house, II rooms
anrt butboaecs. near Ftation; city residence
will he con«iJ*-red in exchar.ee. Box 4frC. Call.
JJERKELEr" ADYERTiSEMEXTS
DHRKELEY HEAL. ESTATI3-
4-nCKMI ccttj-.ee, porcelain bath, hot and cold
wator; 2 blocks trrm station; lot SOxl* 1 ; price
f:s.v»; tfrini SSt'O down, balance monthly pay-
urats.
Il'KlC— 5-rocm cottspe, 4 blocks firm station;
r.ear tchocl and Ftores; a desirable home;
v rm$ to ruit; price $2>jO; %Uj0 down, balance
to s-.:;t. '
New up-to-date house; 6 rooms and bath.
pantry, ge* an«l electric liKhts; lot SOxl35:
crmer.t fidewalk; close to station, echool and
stores.
Teke Berkeley train, pet off at Lorin and
*fk fnr linviLPH. PHI1K1XS & LYOX.
TO r«-r.t, near the university, a thoroughly
wen appointed house of 11 rooms; in the very
lv>st r>art of Berkeley; complete in every par-
ticular, with furnace, electric lights, gas. etc.
Apply to MASON & McLEXAHEX. adjoining
P. O.. r.wkeley.
F-AFE fBTcatxnest for rrrW: block of land favor-
ably lrr.-ted 'i>-ar crmir.? Santa Fe KallroaJ.
Parti^u!ary C.WILLMOTT. ?16 Market st..S.F.
FHUJTYALEADYERTKEMENTS
FRriTVALE REAL. ESTAXE.
FUNNY Fruitvale. near station; no fogs or
harsh wir.is; lovely lower flat, 4 rooms, fur-
r.ifhed; reasonable; adults. Address bor 53.
¦ T~r--:ltva1e.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXP KEAL ESTATE.
HAVE you snr seen cr heard of euch an op- |
portunitj-? Ju«t comnleted. J-story house of
C rooms, bath, reception hall. etc: open !
nickel-plated plumbing, finished In curly red- '
wood, dovetailed paneled, beam ceiling, tint- !
t-\ walls, in fact everything that makes home ;
beautiful: lot 3fxl5^. facing Telesra^h ave.. |
near Thirty-second *t. : nioFt wonderful to say ''
you can buy this beautiful home for JoOO cash ¦
and afsume mortgase of K&00 Tat loan. A J j
ENYDER, Real Estate, 407 Ninth et., Oakland. |
THE CHEAPEST AXD CTXEET HOUSE IX '
OAKI/AN'D.
XTTW I-ptory 7-rocm. bath snd reception hall: i
riumb'.nK open nickel plated, finished In j
Orrgon ash (hardwood), beam ceilins: every I
room, nook and corner a pleasure to the «:\e. j
Lot 40x125; facing on that i>rcmln»nt ave- I
nue, Teletrraph. near Thirty-second street, j
This proj>erty carries a mortgage of J2500.
which <!enct» a valuation of net less than
17000; rrice only $4500. A. J. SNTDEH & CO.,
ReaJ Estate. 4TT Xinth «t.. Oakland.
"
12 ACI'.KS. 1 rr.!l« from J-*fayette: 3-room
h'.ujie. Kim, 4 chicken house*, family orchard; ;
price .:•,'¦•.•: take JCOO rto-nrn. balance 1100 Hiiijr \
)-3ymcr;ts. K. E. GEHKING, 418 Tenth st.. \
Oaklar.d.
T34-ACnn Ftork r-&nrh. Tuba County: pood '
liotis? and iwtm; JI miles from MarysvUle; !
vnlae *6M>; trmie Tor f>k!and or K. F. pro}- '¦¦
'•rty. C E. GEHBiyd. 42S Tenth St., Oakland. |
ABOUT 12200 ready rash to buy nn S-room. J-
BterT hotKf Jn Onk:«nd: col'»n!al cr modern
Fl>!". AdJr^Ka 7ZH :;uc;ia Vii?ta ave.. Ala- j
n<ffla. i
OAKLAXO IT'nXITL'RIJ FOR SALD.
AN introduction to you frcm H. Kchellhaa*. th« '
"trj. itu:e .fr-.-vler. 11th and Franklin. Oakland. |
ROOMS FOII IIOrSKKKMIMNG.
AT cr tWor-d — Lieut l:ousekecpj:\g, SI ju to «2 i-j
per vk. : rinirio and double. ;i :o «M per wit.
CAM*, r^;;— To let, 5 cr i larse sunny rooms
'or houjifkwpinc.
2ZZ*l)Y. en — Funny furnished corner room: run-
ning: «atT; eu» stove aod kitchen; complete
for houwkeer.ir.g.
BUXHTK. S4H. noar Market— 1 or 2 sunny front
bedrooms an-1 kitchen ruj-nlshed for house-
k«-*Tlug; hot >cj cold water.
EIGHTH. l';S— liourrkef pinir front room; fold- i
in»? Led; running water; hot and cold water
jr. kitchen; sink end sunny porch.
ITLLIS. ;»-Two me* furnUhed rooms «utt-
able for hous»k©epine.
roURT!!. S03—Xic«>!y furnished room 8 : sunny
nnd central location and housekeeping-.
UAMPTON place. IS. off Folsom— Four tunny
roomt; batn.
HOWARD. Mt— Bunny parlors, $2 50; large
rocm«. S2: KUitee. S2 M.
HOWARD. 1063't — Bunny completely furnished
hrmgekeetilng rooms; eUo ethers.
HYDK, 40S— Sunny front basement euite; ranee;
».-i-; complete for housekeeping:; fj,.
S FOR nOl'SEKEEPIXG.
LEWIS, is. .-,ff Taylor, near Post— 3 unfurnished*
s.nd furnls-hed rooms to let.
MAP.KET, 1?12, nr. Franklin— 2 or 3 front sunny
rooms; range: sa* stove; $12 £0, $15.
MISSION, I^J'i-Two unfurnished rooms, with
use of kitchen: rent reasonnble.
MISSIOX, ;M— Furnished rooms. Jl week and
uji; 4 elegant housekeeping rooms. $15 per mo.
MI^SIOX. S4j — Front room. bedroom and
I kitcht-n: complete for housekeeping.
XOE. i:.~. n^rth of Market— 2 sunny front rooms
in ujijipr fiat: gas i~ar.ee.
OTAItRELL. T<;— Two or three neatly fur-
nished roorr.s for housekeeping. Ill to $10.
P"ST. MSrrTwa furnished housekeeping: rooms;
running water; gas^ranpe; porch; also bay-
Tvir.dow alcove room for 2; private family.
; SILVKU. 165. near Fourth— 2 cheap Jnrnlshed
room* tor housekeeping.
TirilK. ;.-i3— Sunny bedroom and kitchen, com-
Tilete for housekeeping; gna, bath and laun-
dry: nz.
VAX XESS, 402—2 elegantly furnished sunny
room*: complete housekpjr. ; gas stove; reas.
I CLASSIFIED advertisoiT>«nts and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office. 2C00 Fillnicre st.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertl^en-.ents ar.d
i RsbscTipttona has teen established at 1CW6
Vnifnria n.
ROOMS TO I,ET — Fnrn.'anil Cnfurn.
A.— BRUNSWICK BOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
j "Ze to tl vet nigln. {1 25 to $5 per week, and
' liRht hnuj-ckeeyiine: open all night.
j BOHEMIA. C2;> Post— Finest funny sulUi In
j city for families and gentlemen; all conveni-
ence?; *f*r-ial accommodation for tourists.
! BITRXETT. 1C6 Market (old Xo. 1"G1)— Fur-
I tiifhed rm«. fuites, Eiiis'.e; also unfurnished.
t _ :
¦CSH. r20-Xice!y furn. sunny rooms; $1 50 to $7
i »l.: r.c to II GO night. MIJP. P. KAXFT.
FIFTH. 3S3— Sonny furnished single rooms; }4
; and \~> per month.
| FOLSOM. ttO. nr. Fourth— Furnished rooms, $1
j j.-*t week.
! FOLSOM. 965. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Xew tur-
! r.ished Funny rm«, single or suites; reasonable.
i CBASTD SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and M.EFlon sts. — i-"unny rooms, en *ulte or
j Finp'.e; ladies' parlor; reading-room: elevator.
GRANT ave., 21 (Tee Wellington)— Elegantly
: furnished sunny rooms by day. week, month.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single: tran-
¦ s'.ent; baUu. MBS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
• HOWARD, f 29— Rooms from II wet>k up to *o;
I £ic to %\ night: also housekeeping rooms.
: JESSIE. 273, r.r. Fifth and Market— Furnisned
rooms. $5; housekeeping, $9.
i LAS TALMAS. 1S20 Market e;.— Suite of 2 cr 3
rme. ; private: bath: sin. rm?. : board optional
j MARKET. 1K5— Nicely furnished sur.ny rcoms;
I transient or by wejk.
' OTARRELL. CO— Sunny furnished rooms ar.d
I office?; elevator: elretric lights; day. wk., mo.
. PO.^T. 627— Newly furnished frot room; other
• rooms unfurnifhed; reasonable.
; POWELL. 612A — Larg? sunny front room neat-
ly furnished, and others.
' POWELL. SCO — A new and very nicely furnlsh-
j od front and back room.
. BOSEDAUC Jlcuse. 319 and 321 Ellis Itj-Roomi,
night -"c to Jl. week fl S to $4; open night.
', ROYAL HOUSE. 125 Ellis st.— Incandescent
light; reading-room, smoklng-rocm and ladies'
i parlor: rooms. p*r night. 33c to $1 10; week, XZ
xo $*; month. j!> to %Z0; tlevator on office ttoor,
[ rooms with hot and cold water; bath?.
' SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth et.,
j rear Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
; SIXTH. 136 — Furnished sunny rooms; single or
I suites: also rooms for light housekeeping.
I BCTTER. 1105— Large sunny rear room; closet;
1 running water; $8 per month; also single
: front rooms, $6.
; TO let— 3 unfurnished sunny rooms, with use
i of bath; terms reasonable. 1723 Seott st.
• TURK. 541— Single furnished front room for
; gentleman; private family.
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
¦ A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and
Fjbscrlptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
! lencia st.
! CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
j Call. 16 pages, sent to any aadress In the
United Stat<?s or Canada one year for Jl,
| postage paid.
nOO.MS A\D BOARD.
! ALMORA. corner Twentieth and Mission 6te. — .
i Beautifully furnished suites or single rooms;
| all modern conveniences; excellent table;
! tprms moderate.
! WANTED — 2 young men to room and board; 2
board and 1 room. 1261 A Mission »t-
11OOMS WA-VTEQ.
! ROOMS WANTED..
By Hotel and Accommodation Committee, X.
I S. G. W. Apply or address headquarters,
: Palace Hotel. H. I. MULCREVT, chairman.
i SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
! %r.oor,—iOM ACRES beat oranges and
| apricots— first year bearing.
| 5-room cottage and lot 50x100; choice locality.
i 2 lots 60x110, near center of town. All In
Pomona. Cal. Cash, or might exchange
for property In or near Ban Francisco. Reason
for selling, owner moving.
Address B. P.. hoi 175. San Rafael, at once.
SPECIAL, XOTICES.
ROOMS papered from J2 50; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
I BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
DORE. 1380 Market et.. above Jones.
! BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
ctty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
US Montgomery Ft., rocms 9-10: tel. 55S0.
STORAGE AVb WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 7G2.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et. : phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40 — Packing, moving and storaze.
H3WIXG MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed Chas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing at lowent rates. 205 Fourth et.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT IbaRGAIXS "lX TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money thin any
houFe in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, CSS California, telephone Main 266.
NEW typewriters. $5 dewn, $5 month payments.
P.EVALK. 409 California St.
IJIVIDEXn XOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 82 (twenty-five cents per
fhare) of the Hutehlnson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. S27 Market et.. on and after MOX-
DAT, August 20, 1SO0. Transfer books closed
on Tuesday, August 11, 1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
¦NT ATVR.T AfTF. T,TrTPTtfRr.S.
The fcllowlrir marriace licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Wolf Landy. 52, £33 Perry street, and Rosle '
M. Crockner. SI, €03 Minnn. street.
Frnnk M. Merrill, 21. 22 Hilver street, and
Ba!tar_ M. White, T>. Ben'.cia.
H. Daniel Loftus, 21. .",H Lcavenworth street,
nrA Edna O'Brien. 15. 4 Bond street.
]_n\v Dat Glnr. «. 1003 Dupont street, and :
Tung Xgo. 24. R^ss alley. j
EIRTHS— MA8B1AGES— DEATHST
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
cens authorized to have the same published.
BRESN'AN— At th* TotrPro. August 15. 1900, to
th<? wife of Michael Bresnan, a daughter.
GOLDSTEIX— In thin city. August 14. 1900, to
the wife of A»ron Gcld*ttln, a son.
HILLER— In this city. August 1. 1900, to the
wife of Clarence T. Miller, a son.
PAINE— In this city. August 5. 1900. to the
wife of Frank W. Paine, a son.
STAXISH— In this city, August 12. 1900, to the
wife Of Jacob Stanish, a Ron.
DEXGKS- MABLEY— In thl« city. August 15.
1SO0, bv F. H. Kerrigan, Justice of the Peace,
Frrdcrtrjc Dences and Maude Mabley, both
of San Franclsoo.
GOMMA— HERTING— In this city. August 16.
1900. iit th'e residence of the bride's parents.
riy the Rev. R. W. Reynolds, Richard tt.
Gumma and Catherine L. Hertlng. both of
San Francisco. ' ¦ • ,
HILL— GILLETT— In thl» city, August 15, 1900,
by the Rev. John Stephens, Lincoln W. Hill
and Mabel V. Glllett. both of San Francisco.
K \H.V- GOLDSTEIN— In this city, August 12,
l?00, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Ferdinand
Kahn and Deborah Goldstein. . both of San
Franc'sco.
SEISS— SILVERSTOXE— In this ctty, August
12, l%"0. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Leon Selss
of Minneapolis and Elizabeth Silvers tone of
San Francisco.
THE 0; R; & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CADC $<2 First Class Including Berth
IMiiL S3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Aurnst 11, a. 31
COLUMBIA sails August 18, 28. Sept. 5
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Xorthwe»t-
Through tickets to all oclnts Cast.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
830 Market it.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
jt_ wharf. San Franci9co:
S^V,^- For Alaskan Ports — 11 a.
r2 f s*>V rn.. August 13, 2*. Z>. Sopt. 3.
I^V^wC^ 8 **. Chanice t'-> company's steam-
\%l P?iVIaS er?i at Seattle.
B&A^>J\rVl For Victoria. Vancouver
WA&Vy£g*H1 <R - c> - PoTi Townaend, S«-
/ "'MUtlSSsU attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortea and Xew Whatcom
(Wash.) — 11 a. m.. Aurust
19. 34, 29. Sept. 3. and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamer* for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle
or Tacoma to X. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C.
P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. AugiMt
18, 21, 28. 31. Sept. 5, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harforrl (San Luis Oblspo). Oartotit.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Lna Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. August 19. 23. 27, 31. Sept. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Dieso. stopplnr only at Port Har-
fort (3an Luis Oblspo>. Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An*e!e«>— H
a. m.. August 17. 21. 23, 3, Sept. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Masrdalena Bay. San Joam d#l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company^
folders.
The company reserves the richt to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— t New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKIXS & CO.. Gen. Axents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Miskel, a native of San Jose, aged 4 years and
6 months.
(D^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 730 Folsom street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOORE-In this city. August 17, 1900, Sarah J.,
beloved wife of Patrick Moore of San Luis
Obispo County, a native of Ireland, aged 61
years.
MURPHY— In this city, August 17. 1S00, James,
beloved son of the late Francis and Lizzie
Murphy, and brother of Frank. William.
Belle, Lizzie and Annie Murphy. Mrs. Stephen
Spellman and Mrs. John Kelly, a native of
San Francisco, aged 32 years. , ¦ . .
NELSOX— In this city, August 17, 1900, John,
beloved husband of Leitla Xelson. and father
of John and James Nelson, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 75 years.
NOLAN— In this city, August 16, 1900, Mrs.
Mary Nolan, beloved mother of W. P. Nolan
and Mrs. W. H. Fraser. a native of New-
market, County Clare, Ireland, aeed 64 years
2 months and 15 days.
CSTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, SOO Harrison street, thence to St. Rose'a
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
OBERG— In this city. August 17, 1900, Margaret
Oberg. beloved wife of Fritz Oberg, daughter
of Mrs. A- H. Hanson, and sister of Mrs. F.
Nielson and Minnie, Lulu and Edward Han-
son, a native of California, a«ed 25 years.
BLATER— Til this city, August 15, 1900, Patrick,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Slater, and
father of Frank. Georse. John and Grace
Slater, Mrs. Philip Molgnard, Mrs. John Loo-
ney and the late Mrs. Samuel McCarthy, a
native of Ireland, aged 72 year3 and 10 days.
C?"Krlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 252 Fell street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Tonth street, for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SLIXKEY— In Sausalito, August 16, 1900. Dan
J. Slinkey, brother of Colonel J. E. Slinkey
and of Mrs. Mamie Nugent, aged 55 years 7
months and 17 days; born In Adelaide, South
Australia. ". r
"OLD FRIENDS"— All members of the funeral
delegation are requested to attend the funeral
of our late brother and Old Friend, Dan Slin-
key. brother of the secretary cf the Society of
"Old Friends." and one of its members, on
Sunday, August 19, in Sausalito. Interment
Sausalito Cemetery- By order
MELVILLE HERMANN, President.
B. B. ROBERTS,
JUDGE E. P. MOGAN.
F. F. JOXES,
Vice Presidents.
TRACY— In this city, August 17, 1900. Eliza,
beloved wife of John W. Tracy, mother of
Edna M. and William I. Tracy, and sister of
Annie Crane, a native of County Roscommon,
Ireland, aged 27 years 1 month and 13 days.
Unfriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ZlWz Elm avenue, between Franklin
and Goush streets, Turk street and Golden
Gate avenue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral.
Van Xess avenue, for services at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WEIR— In this city, August 16, 1300, Nathan
Weir, a native of France, aged 79 years.
WILLIAMS— In San Mateo, August 17, 1900,
Mary E., widow of the late Henry B. Wil-
liams, a native ol Providence. R. I., ased 77
years.
E7" Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at St. Matthew's
Church. Interment private.
WISE— In this city. August 16. 1900, Edward,
beloved husband of Rosle Wise, and brother
of Mrs. Charlotte Kldd, a native of Tuolumne
County, California, aged 36 years 11 months
and 20 days.
KTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 126A Twelfth, street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. '
WITHERBY— in this city. August 16, 1900,
Hannah J.. beloved wife of D. S. Witherby,
and mother of T. F. Crelgrhton. Mrs. J. E.
Keller, C. S. Witherby and Mrs. R. L. Yoa-
cham. a native of Ireland.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2629 Folsom street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 10
o'clock. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
Guarantee and Casualty.
Bonds of Suretyship.
Stein Boiler and Phi; Glass Insurance.
HEAD OFFICE — 326 Montgomery Street.
Paid-up Capita! and Reserve - $313,000.00
OF CALITOBNIA.
PACIFIC SURETY COMPANY
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 12U»
day of January. 1900. M. M. RHOKER,
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
Total Expenditures *4*.5ia S3
LOSSES Incurred (Suriajr the year..!. ..(4,103 11
WALLACE EVERSON. President.
A. P. REDDIXG. Secretary.
EXPENDITURES. *
Xet amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing 5 losses of previous years). S3.B99 It
Dividends to Stockholders j. 14,250 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage l,*04 JS
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc U.SC8 00
Paid for State. Xatlonal and Local
taxes J.M5 41
All other payments and expenditures.. 11.923 73
all other sources 8.077 41)
Received from all other sources 2.8*9 SS
Total Income S53.407 i$
Mortgages _ 11.473 :j
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
rXCCMK.
Net cash actually received for prem-
iums $33,137 71
Received far Interest on Bonds and
LIABILITIES.
Gross premiers* on Kisk>» running one
year or less, $ ; reinsurance 50
per cent I18.S30 C3
Gross premiums en Risks running
more than one year. $ ; reinsur-
ance pro rata S.020 n
Taxes due and to become due 1.230 14
Total Liabilities 121,141 44
Casa In Banks S.2S7 10
Interest due and accrued on alt Stocks
and Loans 1.937 19
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages >70 »
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 4.642 T3
Cash deposited In Savings Banks 73.343 S3
Total Assets S3C7.1S3 SI
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash C50.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $4,500 00
Loans en Bonds and Mortgages 161.711 *i
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 64,353 13
Cash In Corapary't Office 415 40
COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1S39. and> for the year ending on that
day. as mad: to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th«
provisions Cf Sections S30 and 611 of ..h^ Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
-OF THE—
—or the—
CONBITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
ICy-Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 10
o'clock, from the residence of his sister/Mrs.
P. J. Euler, 1032 Page street, near Broderlck.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. . . :
MISKEL— In this city, August 16, 1500, Flor-
ence, beloved daughter of William and Ellen
L. K. HAOENKAMP. Secretary.
LYXCH— In this city. August 17. 1900. Timothy,
beloved husband of Bridget Lynch, a native
of Dingle, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 53
years.
(CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 4 Cleveland street, between Folscm and
Harrison, Sixth and Seventh, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 11 o'slock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
McCLURE— In this city, August 16, 1900, James
E. McClure, beloved son of Mrs. A. and the
late Georse B. McClure, and brother of Mrs.
P. J. Euler and George B. McClure, a na-
tive of Jollet. 111., aged 30 years and 5
months.
ITThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 4 Cleveland street, between Folsom and
Jlarrison. Sixth and Seventh, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
RINCON Parlor No. 72. N. 8. G. W.— You are
hereby notified to assemble at X. S. G. W.
building to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, to
attend the funet^il of our deceased brother,
Thomas F. Lynch, i
GEORGE IV. KORTS, President.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from her late residence, 2156 Clinton
avenue, where the services will be held, com-
mencing at 8 o'clock, thence to Market-street
ferry, San Francisco, and thence to Third and
Townsend streets. 11:30 o'clock train. Inter-
ment Home of I'eace Cemetery.
LYNCH-In this city, August 17, 1900. Thomas
F., beloved son of Bridget and the late Tim-
othy Lynch,,, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years.
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services .this day (Satur-
day), at 10 o'clock, at the parlors of X. Gray
& Co.. 611 Sacramento street.
LASSELLE— In St. Helena, August 19, 1900,
Frank H. Lasselle, a native of Indiana, aged
54 years.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at I o'clock, from tin? parlors of
the Craic & Cochran Company, E2-56 Mint
avenue.
LICHTENSTEIX— In Alameda, August 17. 1900,
Leah H. Llchtenstein, beloved mother of Mir-
iam and Thomas V. Llchtenstein. Mrs. Lou S.
Simons and Mrs. Mitch Harris of Olympia,
Wash., a native of Salem, Mass., aged 66
years and 3 months. (Portland, Or., and Sac-
ramento papers please copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
August .20, at £:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 16 Ford street, between Noe and Sanx
chez. Seventeenth and Eighteenth, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, corner Sixteenth and
Dolores streets, where a requiem hieh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LARKEX— In this city. August 16. 1900, Eliza-
beth Larken. mother of J. F. Larken, a na-
tive of Virginia,
C^Friendr and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment Laerel Hill Cemetery-
KENNEDY— In this city, August 17, 1900, John,
beloved husband of Sarah Kennedy, and
father of Thomas J., John A., Kitty and
George W. Kennedy and Mrs. Loretto Simp-
eon, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years 1
month and 23 days. A member of Garfleld
Post, G. A. R. (Xew York and Brooklyn pa-
pers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from St. Paulus German Evangeli-
cal Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and Gough
streets, v.-here services will be held, com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
KEARXEY-In this city, August 17, 1900, Peter
Kearney, beloved husband of the late Lizzie
Kearney, and brother of Mrs. Mulelly. Mrs.
Croweiey and Mrs. Schafla. a native of County
Kildare, Ireland, aged 62 years and 8 months.
(Merced end San Jose papers please copy.)
y^J Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funesal this day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 31S Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary- Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JTJRGKXS— In this city, at the residence of
his father. 512 Grove street, August 15, 1900,
IUchard D. Jr., dearly beloved and only son
of Richard D. and the late Caroline Jurttens,
and brother of Mr*. H. Hartje and Lena
Jurpens, a native of San Francisco, aged IS
years 3 months and 2S days.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invrted to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church,' where a
solemn requit-m mass will he celebrated for
th<? reixise of hts soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment private.
JACKMAN-In this city. August 16. 1900, Jehiel
Blc-od Jackman, a native of Essex, Chltten-
don County, Vt.. aped 77 years and 1. month.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HEXDRY— In this city, August 16. 1900. Lucy.
beloved daughter of James and Sarah Hen-
dry, a native of England, aged 35 years 2
months and 24 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnviied to attend the funeral this day
<>atur.Jay), at ll o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, SOS^i Folsom i street. Interment Cy-
I>re.=a Lawn Cemetery.
HkVEY— In this city, August 17, 1900, George
Dana, beloved husband of Jane Hovey, and
father of Frederick \\\, Jennie E., George D.
Jr. and Maud R. Hovey, a native of Troy,
N. V.. aged 3S years 6 months and 17 days.
KT'Xotlce of feineral hereafter.
HUNT— In this city. August 15. 1900, Edgar L.,
beloved son of William B. and Frances T.
Hunt, and brother of W. F. and George E.
Hunt, a native of San Francisco, aged IS
years. (Detroit, Mich., napers please copy.)
iny'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her mother, 717 Stockton street, San
Francisco.
HARANT— In this city, August 15. 1900, Annie
Harant. beloved daughter of the late Carrie
Packham, twin sister of Harry L. Ruile, and
stepdauphter of Thomas Packham, a native of
San Francisco, eged 27 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Ger-
mania Hall, Webster street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Oakland, under the auspices of
California Lodite Xo. 2, O. d. H. S... Oak
Leaf Lodge Xo. 35, A. O. U. W.. and Ap-
pomattox Pest Xo. 52, G. A. R. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
HAMBRECHT— In Berkeley. August 16. 1900,
Bertha, beloved wife of Louis Hambrecht,
mother of Martha. Clara, Louisa, Johanna
and Albert Hambreeht, and daughter of Mrs.
LouiFa Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged
20 years and 23 days.
tCTFunerai from St. Mary's Cathedral this
day (Saturday), at 9:20 -o'clock, when a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
iiose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets. Friends are invited to at-
tend.
HAMANN— In Oakland, August 16, 1900, Au-
gust, beloved husband of Minnie Hamann.
and father of Mrs. Bessie Onzerth and May
and Ernest Hamann, a native of Hanover,
Uermany, aged 63 years 2 months and Vi
days.
iryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the Mechanics'
Pavilion, under the auspices of California
Lodge No. 1. P. and A. M. Remains can be
viewed at the armory, corner Page and Gough
streets, till 10:30 p. m. to-day (Saturday). In-
terment Xationa.1 Cemetery, Presidio.
FLOOD— In this city. August 15, 1900, Mary
Catherine, daughter oj Michael and the late
KUen C. Flood, sister of Xellle C, Michael
A. and Joseph C. Flood, and niece of Mrs.
James Recan, ased 30 years.
DEITZ— In Gllroy. August 17. 1900. William
Deltz. dearly beloved son of Mrs. George F.
tteck. and brother of Mrs. Charles Dechent
and II rs. P. Kmg. a native of San Francisco,
aired 23 years.
DRISCOLL — In this city. August 17. 1900,
Thomas E. Driscoil. son of Ellen and the late
James Driscoll i of Xorthfleld, Minn., and
nephew of the late Timothy Driscoll of San
Francisco, a native of Janesville, Wls., aged
41 years.
ETRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor &l Co.. 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
DUBOCE— In this city. August 15, 1900, Victor
D., beloved husband of Mary C. Duboce.
father of Frank Dubnce. and son of August
Duboce, a native of Springfield, 111., aged 44
years 11 months and 9 days.
DIED.
Deltz. William Lynch, Thomas F.
Driscoll. Thomas E. Lynch. Timothy
Puboce. Victor D. McClure. James E.
Flood. Mary C. Miskel. Florence
Hamann, August Moore, Sarah J.
Hambrecht. Bertha Murphy, James
Harant. Annie Nelson. John
Hendry. Lucy Xolan, Mrs. Mary
Hovey, Georce D. Oberg-, Margaret
Hunt. Edgar L. Slater, Patrick
Jackman, Jehiel B. Slinkey, Dan J.
Jurgens, Richard D. Tracy, Eliza
Kearney. Peter Weir, Nathan
Kennedy, John AVilllams. Mary E.
Larken. Elizabeth Wise, Edward
Lapselle, Frank H. Witherby. Hannah J.
I.ichtensteln, Leah
ADVERTISEMENTS.Says Husband Deserted Her.
Margaret Connelly has sued Martin Con
nelly, her husband, for maintenance. Mrs.
Connelly avers that her husband deserted
her on the 14th inst. and refuses to con
tribute toward her support.
On all the Pullman cars Jesse Moore "AA"
whiskey is to be bad.
OLD MAN ENDS HIS
EARTHLY TROUBLES
Jcxra°F Johnson, a Bedmaker, Shoots
Himself Through the Heart
While Despondent.
James Johnson, a bedmaker, 70 years
old, commuted suicide Thursday night by
¦shooting himi-elf through the heart with
a revolver.
Johnson had been employed in th« lodg
ing-house at 537 Sacramento street an a
bedmaker for about four months. For
some time past he had been despondent.
He had packed his coat in a carpetsack
and placed it under his bed. He then pat
on the side of his bed. shot himself in the
left breast, dropped the revolver upon a
small table a foot distant and fell back
upon the pillow and died.
¦A chambermaid discovered the body
shortly before 1 o'clock t yesterdny. The
Chief of Police was notified, and Detective
Thomas Gibson, after an investigation, re
ported the case as one of suicide.
BRIEF WAS RESPITED
FROM MARITAL WOES
Paul and Martha Strickert Again
Husband and Wife by Order of
Court.
.Paul and Martha Strlckert are again
husband and wife. They enjoyed freedom
from matrimony for only one day, for
Judge Dalngerfleld exercised his authority
yesterday and on hia own motion set aside
the decree of divorce he awarded Mrs.
Strlckert the day before on the ground of
cruelty. -
Amlcus Curiae Herbert Choynskl has»
not as yet made his final report to Judge
Daingerfleld on the result of his investiga
tion. • Whether he has verified his sus
picions that collusion existed between Mr.
and Mrs. Strickert in the divorce proceed
ings is, as yet' unknown. His assertion
that such was his belief led Judge Dain
gerfleld to take the safe course and defeat
a possible Nevada or tugboat marriage
until the conclusion' of the investigation
which Choynski set In motion Thursday
afternoon. ;
, . If Strlckert returns to the city the court
may., investigate Choynskl's charges to
day. If: not. the matter will be disposed
of next week.
M. Catusich and Ellen Radisich Liti
gating for Possession of His
Person and Estate.
Michael Catusich and Ellen Radlsich are
engaged in a legal controversy In Judge
Coftey's court for the possession, as guar
dian, of the person and estate of G«orge
Mascarlch. a nephew of % the late Anna
Herzo, who bequeathed him property val
ued at $30,000. Ellen Radisich was named
by the deceased In her will to act as guar
dian of George Mascarlch. who is 10 years
of ape, hut Catusich contends that he was
really Mrs. Herzo's choice.
Catusich testiiled yesterday that he was
"courting" Mrs. Herzo up to the time of
her death and that she informed him that
she was going to make another will and
name him as guardian of her nephew.
Ellen Radisich. he also contends, la not a
fit person to act as guardian, as she has
been In this country only two months and
as yet has failed to master the English
language. Many witnesses were heard
yesterday and more will give their views
of the controversy to-day.
WANT TO BE GUARDIAN
OF GEORGE. MASCARICH
To-Day's News Letter.
Horace Egbert, the well-known turf
writer, tells a storv about Admiral
Dcwey and the Xautlcal Tout in to-day's
News Letter that is rich with good fun.
Reginald Schuyler, the club man, writes
about the bore of introductions and let
ters of Introduction. The Looker-On tells
a number of good stories about public
characters and club people, and the Town
Crier groes for the roeues with his usual
zeal. The editorials are, as ever, remark
able for their honesty and Independence.
EARLY CALIFORNIA SPORTS
To Be Revived at the Old Capital.
The great annual event for Monterey
has been fixed for Sunday, September 2.
For several years past the custom has
been observed of having a big day in the
historic old capital, devoted exclusively
to the sports and festivities of old Span
ish origin, which were bo famous there
half a century ago and before. This year
the event will be more enthusiastically
observed than ever, there being: a strong
sentiment in favor of reviving and per
petuating those romantic scenes. The
picturesque and really wonderful feats
of lassoing and riding wild horses and
steers, riding broncos bareback, snatch
ing coins from the ground while riding
at breackneck speed, and all sorts of
daring and apparently impossible feats
on the backs of wild animals, if not ex
actly novel, will at least be very interest-
Ing and exciting exhibitions. ,
Del Monte and Pacific Grove will, of
course, share the interest of this occa
sion.
Round-trip tickets will be sold for $2,
a third less than half fare and a sum so
small that all can afford to go. The train
will leave Third and Townsend streets
at 8 a. m. and give excursionists five
hours at the places named. William H.
Menton. the Espee's excursion passenger
agent, will be in command.
"Within Eight Hours Grim Death
Claims Two Members of the
Lynch Family.
The slnpular fatality of father and son.
dyirfg within eight hours of each other
has befallen the Lynch family, residing at
4 Cleveland street. Timothy Lynch, the
father, was the first to succumb to death's
call, passing away at 11 o'clock Thursday
night. At 7 o'clock yesterday morning
his son, Thomas Lynch, also answered
the dread summons. The father had been
ill for two months with heart trouble and
was 52 years of age. The son had been
afflicted for two weeks with typhoid pneu
monia and was oblivious of the fact that
his father had preceded hint to the great
beyond. A widowed mother and six chil
dren are left to mourn their loss.
Thomas Lynch was 24 years of agre and
saw service with the Third Artillery in
Manila. He held a responsible position
with Pope & Talbot. the lumber mer
chants. He was a member of Rlncon Par-
Icr. N. S. G. W.
The double funeral will take place from
the family residence to-morrow morning
and a solemn requiem mass will be cele
brated at St. Rose's Church at 11 o'clock.
The interment will be in Calvary Ceme
tery.
FATHER AND SON DIE
ALMOST ON SAME DAY
smokestack put in. She Is now ready for
towing purposes and pleasure parties.
The battleship Iowa will be open to the
general public to-morrow. Launches will
run direct from the Folsom-street float to
the steamer.
A I>angerous Boy.
ru.bert McKay, a boy 17 years of agre,
who has bcon arrested a number of times'
was sent to the County Jail for six months
by Jucge Slogan yesterday on charges of
trahcious mif chief and battery. He went
into Mrr. Margaret O'Dea's "saloon. 1116
Fnlsom strr-et. with John Murphy, an
other boy, and demanded liquor, "which
was refused. Ho> broke two panes of glass
s.nd when A. Hawle. 1S5 Rausch street in
terlered Ftrur-k him in the f«we. Murphy
pot off v.-Uh sixty days, as it was his first
appearance.
THE EOANOKE BOUNDING CAPE HORN.
An Independent Candidate.
In Xhc next Congress from the Fourth
we need an Jndetw>iiflent candidate— Dr.
C. C. O'Donne'.l, the foe of Chinese and
trTistP. He is the orator we require
there. •
Sold Adulterated Milk.
Frank Cronin, driver of a milk wagon
for Jewett Brothers, appeared for sen
tence before Judge Cabaniss yesterday on
a charge of adulterating milk by mixing
with it a preparation to Rive it a richer
color. The Juclpe sentenced him to pay a
f re of J25. with the alternative of twenty
five days in the County Jail. Ho had been
in the City Prison for ten days.
.The Roajioke, the largest American
Balling vessel afloat, arrived from Balti
more yesterday with 4900 tens of coal. She
had a very hard time of it rounding the,
Horn, being driven back twice by adverse
winds. Captain Amesbury in his report
says:
"Passed Staten Island on May 17. Thence
to Cape Horn light, variable winds. The
distance is only 250 miles, but It took us
twenty days to cover it. Then we ran into
a succession of gales, accompanied by
snow, sleet and Ice, and time and again
we had to pour boiling water on the
blocks to keep the running gear working.
Twice we were driven back and once I
thought we were going to reach the South
Pole, We were thirty-four days getting
from 50 in the Atlantic to W in tne Pacific.
"Once we got into tho Pacific we had
fair weather until 16 north. 12l> west, was
reached. There we ran into a storm that
lasted three days. It blew with hurricane
force and was accompanied by a heavy
cross sea. The 6hip rode It well and once
that storm was over we were not both
ered again except by fog until San Fran
cisco was reached."
The Roanoke is 3347 tons net burden and
is the largest wooden ship afloat and the
largest sailing vessel In the merchant
marine. She is larger than the Shenan
doah and over 600 tons greater capacity
than the Erskine M. Phelps, which ar
rived from Honolulu last Thursday.
Lost Her Propeller.
The steamer 8outh Coast was towed into
port by the steamer Whitesboro yester
day. The South Coast was at Albion load-
Ing for San Francisco when she lost her
propeller. The Whitesboro was at Needle
Rock loading and was telegraphed to to
go to the assistance of • the disabled
steamer. This was done and the South
Coast came home In tow of the Whites
boro.
Roderick Dhu Arrives.
The bark Roderick Dhu arrived from
Hilo yesterday after a fair run of twenty
five days. Captain Johnson has on several
occasions made the same trip In ten and
eleven days, but on this occasion light
winds and calms played havoc with h's
calculations. The barks Amy Turner and
Olympic left the. Islands the same day as
the Roderick Dhu. Neither of them has
been heard from yet, so that Is »o:ne
small satisfaction to the master of the
Roderick Dhu.
The Roderick Dhu brought up twenty
cabin passengers. Among them was J. D.
Baker, the last Governor of Hawaii un
der the monarchy. Mr. Baker is a native
of Hawaii and the most influential man on
the island. He was a great friend of
King Kalakaua, who admired him for his
magnificent physique and sterling quali
ties. Mr. Baker stands six feet four
Inches in his stockings and weighs 250
pounds. He is accompanied by his* wife
and Miss H. Hapal, the latter the daugh
ter of Judge Hapal of the District Court
of Hawaii. The party will remain In Cali
fornia for a -week' er. so and "will, then
start for New York and the Paris Expo
sition.
Water Front Notes.
The transport Sherman Is now being
loaded for a voyage to Japan. The freight
Is being rushed aboard and she is expected
to Ret away on the 20th lnst. The Strath
gyle came down from' the Union- Iron
Works yesterday and docked at Folsom
street wharf No. 2. She will begin load
ing for China to-day. The Logan docked
at Folsom No. 1,, taking the Warren's
berth. She will ' be got ready to ; sail on
September 1 for China. *
The bark Gerard C. Tobey has been pur
chased by, Welch & Co. ¦; She is now on the
Sound, but will come here and*. will be put
in the San Francisco-Honolulu trade.
The tug Millie has been thoroughly over
hauled* and had . new boilers a-nd a \ ¦»•
Twice Briven Back While Bounding
the Horn and Was Thirty-Four
Days Making the Run
From 50 to 5O.
Roanoke, Largest American
Sailing Vessel Afloat,
Arrives Here.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
an English corporation, which spent' Jl>
000,000 and took out about $5000 In goid.
Over sixty, sticks of dynamite were used
in the destruction of the dam. and the ex
plosions caused the death of about 300 fish.
The majority of these were striped bass.
Auditor "Wells Indorses the Agree
, ments to Sprinkle and Clean
the Streets.
The first contract to be certified to un
der the provisions of the charter was filed
with Auditor Wells yesterday. The con
tract Is between the City Street Improve
ment Company and the city and county
for sprinkling the streets during a period
of one year for the sum of $15,000. The
Auditor issued a certificate to the effect
that the sum r.amed is available for the
purpose in the Department of Public
Works.
Later in the day the contract of the
City Street Improvement Company to
sweep and clean the streets until the ex
piration of the contract, which will be on
January 1, 1901. The sum of $14,000 month
ly ha<5 been set aside for street sweepings
All contracts of the city and county
above $2fiO, for any purpose, must be certi
fied to by the power authorized to enter
into the contract, otherwise the contracts
are void.
FIRST CONTRACT WITH
THE CITY CERTIFIED TO
Mrs. Rebecca Anderson has brought suit
for divorce against Captain Robert W.
Anderson, for live months past sergeant
at-arm's of the Board of Supervisors and
for inar.y years prior to that time a well
known shipmaster. The complaint was
iiled and summons issued yesterday morn
lng. jucge Ba_hrs. on petition of plain
tin*, issued a restraining order to prevent
the defendant from disposing of any
money or property he may have in order
to escape payment of ullmony.
Two causes, for divorce are alleged—
adultery and cruelty. Captain Anderson
is 63 years old and his wife is 57. They
were married in Pa.rtea, New Zealand, on
November 14, Ib67. They have live chil
dren—a daughter and four sons, all grown.
Captain Anderson asserts his innocence
of the offenses alleged itnd says that he
will enter a general denial as soon as he
can er.giige a lawyer and have an answer
to the complaint liled.
The Andersons ilve at 70S Douglass
street, near the intersection of Castro and
Twenty-third. The co-respondent named
in tne complaint is Mrs. Al.ee Weidemhal,
wife o: Samuel ii. Weldentiial, sin elec
trician, residing at TlnJ Klizabetli street.
The Weidc-nthals live within half a block
of the Andersons. Mrs. \\ eidenthal is a
young: woman about 2\i years old and the
mother of two children. Captain Ander
son says that but ior the injustice done
her in the complaint he would not opposa
his wife's suit.
The plaintiff alleges that the defendant
commiued a. similar offense with a.
•"woman known as Wallie; also with one
known as Jennie; also with one known as
ilrs. Osborne, and with divers others
v. nose names are unknown to plaintiff."
She alleges that during tne past eleven
months the defendant has visited Mrs.
\\>Menthal every morning about 8 o'clock
after her husband had gone to his work,
iind has remained with her two or three
hours axid sometimes longer. Also that he
has. of ten received love letters from her,
lilled with endearing terms, and not only
from her but from "divers other women."
For fUTtht r srd separate cause for ac
tion the piaintiff alleges that since their
marriage defendant has treated her in a
cruel aad Inhuman manner; that within
the paFt two years, except between Aug
ust ». 1R35>. and June ~j. 1>», when plaintiff
was at-sent in New Zealand, defendant
has almost daily applied vile and vulgar
names and epithets to her, ordering her
to leave the house and saying that he did
not care for her and did not want to live
with her. She alleges further that on July
2S of this year he assaulted her with his
clenched fist and threatened to kill her.
also that for two years he has refused to
let her children or her relatives visit her.
The family troubles of the Andersons t>e
pan to culminate two y*ars aero, when the
captain quit going to sea. He had been
a. shipmaster continuously during the
twomy-six years of their residence in San
Francisco, his last vessel being the Fteam
t Empire, plying between this port and
Portland. After nearly a year of stormy
wr-ather ashore Captain Anderson sought
fair weather at Honolulu. While he was
pone, on AugiiFt 9 of la-st year, his wife
went to New Zealand to visit her mother,
whom she brought back with her on June
£3 of this year — the day on which plaintiff
all<"-pps defendant struck h»r with his
clfnched fist. Captain Anderson returned
from Honolulu in September of last year,
and according to the allegations of his
wife has since that time been one of the
payesl old beaux In this seaport town.
The plaintiff prays that she be granted
a divorce; that a rest raining order be is
eued to Prevent defendant from disposing
of his property or his monthly salary of
1100; that he be ordered to vacate the res;-*
dence at 70s Douglass street and restrainr-d
from interfering with the peace of the
plaintiff, and that alimony and a reason
able sum for lets and costs be awarded
her.
Captain Anderson says that his wife has
b^en misled by jealous persons, whom he
intimates are momhers of thtir own fam
ily. He pays •-•Wailie" and "Jennie" and
"Mrs. Ofborao" are absurd fictions and
that Mrs. Weidcr.thal is innocent of any
wrong. He has known her and her hus
1-smd for years, as he has known every
one in the neighborhood, and to protect
lier grood name he will figtit his wife's
eult. He characterizes the charges of
cruelty as absurd.
Captain Anderson Made De
fendant in Suit Brought
by His Wife.
Sergeant-at -Anns of Board of Super
visors Accused of Infidelity
and CTuelty, but Denies
Allegations.
SEEKS DIVORCE
FROM MAN SHE
THINKS TOO GAY
The dissension between the planing mill
owners and the employes is Hearing a
crisis.
"'Unices there is a prompt settlement of
this question on the part of the mill-own
ers the council will precipitate a general
strike affecting the entire building indus
try of San Francisco," said J. J. Williams,
secretary of the mlllinen's union and a
member of the Building Trades Council,
last evening. "Such action would throw
10.01*0 men out of employment and would
create a suspension of building activity
the like of which has never been seen
here. The council would regret exceed
ingly to be forced to take this step, but
such a course will be inevitable unless the
mill-owners see lit to accept our proposi
tion."
The different organizations that would
be affected should a general strike be or
dered are the amalgamated wood-workers,
cement workers, carpenters (four unions
with a total strength of 2500). the stair
builders, painters, paper-hangers and dec
orators, varnishcrs and polishers, sign
writers and pictorial painters, bricklay
ers. hoGcarriers, cornice-makers, sheet
metal workers, metal roofers, derrick men
and engineers, grate and tile setters, mar
ble cutters and finishers, stone cutters,
glaziers, plumbers, gas and steam fitters
and electricians.
The executive committee of the trades
council held a short meeting- last even
ing; and discussed the situation, and then
most of the members went to Oakland to
attend a general meeting of the council
there. The mill-owners are to meet this
evening, and the operatives hope that a
plan of action will be agreed upon which
they can indorse.
That the mill-owners are not weaken
ing, in spite of published reports to tne
contrary, is apparent from the following
statement made by Andrew Wilkie, chair
man of the press committee of the Mill
men's Association, last evening:
The bulldlnc trade? representative has fre
quently Etateil in the columns of the local press
that the n-.ill-owners are weakening; that mills
are withdrawing from their organization and
conceding the union demands, and seeking a
compromise, etc. etc.
These statements are entirely erroneous and
if continued will result in great injury to the
business interests of the city and State.
As a. matter of fact, the mill-owners are not
weakening, but on the contrary are well organ
ized and determined to maintain their present
stand to the last. The few mill." now running
on the eight-hour schedule are small concerns
and their actions cannot to any extent influ
ence the general result.
The SearleF-Hayman Company has three
working proprietors and one employe. R.
IVwey's force consists of himself and two men.
Le Gal k Ostrander one proprietor and three,
men. The Mission Planing Mills has two part
m-rs= and one man. The Uumboldt Lumber
Company has three men, including the engi
neer. McManus & Gardner have two proprie
tors and two men. The Zenith Mill has two
proprietors and eix men. while Veitch Bros.,
who have a jrreat deaJ of their work from the
Kast, have always worked eight hours.
The foregoing, excluding the last, have been
rr.ism>nrsented as having a total of 122 men
employed, while their entire working force con
sists of eleven employers and seventeen men.
There are many men out who have no inter
est in this movement and want to work, but
throuph ignorance of the real conditions or fear
of punishment in the event of union success re
frain from such action. Others, who have been
reluctantly forced Into Joining unions, would
pladly return to work but the came reasons.
I To all such the Mill-owners' Association offers
i employment and protection, together with the
' assurance that they have reached the limit of
endurance and will not In future tolerate the
Flightest interference from outside organiza
tions.
afDT/r.TTM REPLIES TO "WTLKIE.
He Says There Is No Need for Fear-
ing Outside Mills.
OAKIyAN'D. Aug. IT.— The mill opera
tives' fight for an eight-hour day is with
out fresh development. Neither side ef
fected any results and matters remain In
statu quo.
Alpheus Kendall of the Pacific Coast
Milling Company has been at Watsonville,
San Jose and other places seeking skilled
workmen, but without success.
In reply to the statement of Andrew
WlMcie. millowner and contractor on the
De Fremery building, to the effect that
the local mills cannot grant the request
for eight hours unless they are protected
from the competition of outside mills
•working longer hours, J. H. Mullen, busi
ness agent of the Building Trades Coun
cil, said to-day:
"Mr. Wilkie's fears, and those of all
other millowners in this regard, are
groundless. The Building Trades will
handle no will work from nine-hour mills,
no matter where located. We will remain
true to our principles and shall take no
unfair advantage such as that would be.
We believe in the protection of our home
mills and will protect them. They need
fear no competition from outside mills not
working on the eight-hour schedule.
"It seems to me. though," added Mr.*
Mullen, "that the millowners expect a
good deal from the unions. They want us
to assure them of protection when they
will not unite with us In any endeavor.
If a majority of the mills will work to
gether with the Trades Council there will
be no danger from unfair outside mills."
The effort of the mill operatives to ob
tain an eight-hour day will be discussed
by the Twentieth Century Club of the
Unitarian Church next Monday evening.
The Millworkers' Union has accepted an
Invitation to send a representative to pre
sent Its side of the controversy. A simi
lar Invitation has been extended to the
Millowners' Association. Rev. Benjamin
Fay Mills will speak on "A Country Witii
cut Strikes." The meeting will be held In
"Wendt Hall and only men have been In
vited, f -.-*¦
The management of the Oakland Park
has set aside Sunday, August 2<5. for th«
benefit of the Labor-day celebration fund.
Statement From the Owners in
Answer to Statements Made by
the Other Sids on the
Question.
Situ:tion Among the Mill
men Is Rapidly Grow
ing Critical.
BOTH SIDES SAY
THEY CAN FIGHT
IMDEFINITELY
The Grand Jury Investigated the Conroy
water front scandal yesterday. As a side
issue, it listened to James Taylor Rogers
and "Young Dutchy" Handsted, or, rath
er, they listened to the former, who loos
ened up and answered a few questions.
The man from Nome remained dumb on
the advice of his attorney, Charles Pence,
and after a quarter of an hour's ques
tioning was taken back to his cell. As
his bail is not reduced, but remains at
$0000. he is likely to stay there for a while.
"I refused to talk on my attorney's ad
vice," was all "Dutchy" would vouchsafe
ill explanation of his silence.
While the returned wanderer was seat
ed in the anteroom awaiting his call,
Charles Pence arrived and the two held
a long heart-to-heart talk in a corner.
When "Dutchy" was taken back to his
cell Pence accompanied him.
When E. D. Wilbur entered the Grand
Jury room a flutter of excitement went
around the group of victims of the water
front frauds who were seated outside.
Wilbur's oxaminatiqn revealed the where
abouts of the missing notes which have
caused so much worry. Wilbur delivered
them for safe keeping into the hands of
Attorney W. S. Scott, In whose possession
they remained until yesterday, when the
attorney, having 1 been subpenaed on Wil
bur's testimony, delivered them to the
Grand Jury. Wilbur promised the Grand
Jury that he would bring witnesses be
fore them at their next session who would
swear that he gave the money paid him
to Conroy.
J. L. Ferren, one of the victims, was
then called. He said all that he knew
was that ho paid some money to Wilbui
for a' job on the water front. He under
stood that it was to go to Conroy. The
Grand Jury then adjourned. Witnesses
In the Chretien and Wilbur cases are sud
penaed for the next regular session of
the jury on Tuesday next. A special ses
sion has been called for Monday, at 7:30
]). m.
Attorney Scott, speaking of the notes
delivered to him by Wilbur, said:
"It was Just at the time of The Call's
exposure that Wilbur came to my office
and told me that he wanted me to take
care of some notes for him. I took them
and have held them ever since. At that
time Wilbur seemed very poor, hardly
hp.ving enough money to purchase medi
cines for his dying wife."
"Wilbur refused to give the names of
the witnesses to the transaction between
himself and Conroy. but says that he will
surely produce them.
Water-Front Scandal Gets an Airing
Before Grand Jury, as Do James
Taylor Rogers and "Young
Dutchy."
Will Produce Men Who Saw
Him Pay Money Over
to Conroy.
WILBUR SAYS
HE CAN PROVE
HIS INNOCENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1900.
„ Ladles* tallcr-roade ,*ults. etU skirts. Cur
uuua: Mharal credit.' Mi KoUucliUa/ 52S SultWt «
Magazines, music, newspapers, bound In any
style. Uysell-KoIlln»,22Clay. First-class vrarX*
Blew Up the Dam.
Deputy Fish Commissioner C. A. Vogel
sang returned yesterday from Orovllle.
¦where he went to superintend the blowing
up of a dam In the Feather. River which
was an obstruction to fish going: up that
stream. The dam was built years aco bi
14
IT MAKES A MAN
UNCOMFORTABLE
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
J««ar Powell.
Telephone—South 4>2O,
Oakland Off lce-62 San Pablo Ave.
to have his collars and cuff* show raw
edse* and look like candidates for retire-
ment Instead of fresh graduates from the
laundry. What we can't make seem new
mlKht »« w '» *** thrown away. It's like
a patient too far gone for the doctor.
Spotless Hnen Is an indispensable dress
factor, which you must have not to bo
among the outs. Domestic finish for full-
dresa shirts if yon order It.
-.5.V.... *«
of our*
THIS IS THE LAST DAY
SALE!
AIiJj OTTB $3 5O, $4 OO and $4 5O
SILK WAISTS WILL BE SOLD
TO-DAY at 3/.9S
ALL OTJB $5 CO, $6 OO and $7 OO
"SILK WAISTS WILL BE SOLD
TO-DAY at
$2.95
You cannot afford to miss this sale
of Silk Waists. We have paid no at-
tention to original cost. We intend
selling out entire line and above
prices will certainly do it.
1 SKIRT SPECIAL.
MOREEN SKIRTS, ruffle lined with can-
vas and trimmod with ten-Inch accordion
plaited moreen; sold elsewhere J1.25- our
price to-day OOc
2 HOSIERY SPECIALS.
LADIES 1 POLKA DOT HOSE, full finished
anil faet colors; sold elsewhere 25c; our
price to-day ia o
CHILDREN'S EXTRA HEAVY SCHOOL -
HOSE, double knee, heel and toe," extreme
length; sold elsewhere 20c; our price
• . JL11 ...... 12V4c pair
2 CORSET SPECIALS.
R. & G. and P. & N. SADIES' CORSETS,
In short, medium or long: waist; regular
price of these corsets Is $1.00; to-day we
are selling: them special at..-. T4c
P. & N. and It. & G. CORSETS, made of
bfFt satsen, whalelxmed throughout,
adapted to every figure; sold regularly at
J1.&0; special price to-day OSc pair
A FEW LEADING SPECIALS
FOR TO-DAY.
DCc SHIRT "WAISTS at.... 2no
n.00 SHIRT WAISTS at. .".. ""noe
TSa SUMMER OVERSKIRTS at Mte
KcLADIKS- WRAPPERS at "r t H v
$l.r. LADIKS- WRAPPERS at.. j)So
35c CHILDREN'S CALICO DRESSES at *"l»o
75c CHILDRJEN-S PERCALE "DRESSES' •
elegantly trimmed, at............ "4« o
BIG BARGAINS TO-DAY AT OUR'muS-
LIN UNDERWEAR COUNTER.
Latest novelties in NECK RIBBONS. BOWS
TIED FREE AT OUR RIBBON COUNTER.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.;
Retailed at . Wholesale Prices.
Bet. Taylor and Jones.
Manufacturers of. Ladles' and Children's Wear
Special Bargains Saturday and Monday.
GRANULATED Best Cane SUGAR, 18 Ibs.$!.00
Limit II CO.
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR 80c
Take advantage. Rerular 93c sack.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. . .40c
Our friends say w« have the
best butter In the city. Retrular SOc
BEST CITY EGGS, dozen 27?.c
Gathered from the Mission. Regular KHc
CHOICE PETALUMA EGGS, dozan 20c
Guaranteed. Regular 23c.
PEARUNE,3 large pkgs 25c
Limit SOc.
I. W. HARPER'S WHISKY 85c
Received gold medal at
Parts, 19<-a Regular $1 25 qt. bottla.
GRAPE-NUTS, Health Food 12Jc
Regnlar Uc.
EASTERN SUGAR-CURED HAMS 13o
Extra choice guaranteed. Regular 15c.
KIPPERED HERRING 20c
Imported Lelth. Scotland. Regular 25c.
FLAKED WHEAT, 10 lbs 25c
HUIlFd'OLIVE, I gallon. 95c
Imported from Marseilles, France.
Pure and good. Regular U 8.
COX'S GELATINE, pkg 10o
Limit 3 pkgs. Regular 13<r.
EASTERN MARTIN'S CHEESE 15c
Regular 25c 1b.
134-8-1354- MARKET STREET.
Opp. "ta. 'Plion* S. Z92. JTo Branch Stor««.
ADVZSTISEMEWTSL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
... Is the best
and purest in the market
JESSE MOORd
WHISKEY
There is no doubt
. . . that
DRMQNULTY/k
T? I :L W , EL1 - K: J> OW - N AND RELIABLE OI.I>
X SpscUltot ewret Private. Nervous, anil Blood Us.
ewes of Men only. Book on Private- Diseases and
Wetnesses of Men. free. Over 20yTV exiwriennJr
¦UUonfreeandsacredlyconlMenUai: CaU,oraddn2»
P. KOMCOK McM'LTY, M.IV
8«& Rears? St., Kan Jb'rancUeo. CaL
-^* . * "*'m[^^r j^* iw
The 6reat ok
talking s$S^\
machiney^gll^
The Zon-o-phone is one of
the greatest mechanical in-
struments for home cnter-
l tainments. because of the va-
riety of the programme it af-
fords. By the
(The Improved Gram-o-phone>
you can hear a speech by
Ingersoll, a toast by Depew,
I 2. selection by Sousa's Band.
! a song by Cowles. Giannini
and other famous singers, a
banjo solo by Ossman. and
thousands of other selections
by the world's greatest artists.
Zon-o-phones sell for $15.00,
$22.50 and $25.00. according
: to the finish. Records, 50c
each. The Zon-o-phone ir
I always on free exhibition —
call and hear it.
i Sherman, Clay & Co.,
Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kearnr ar.d Batter ets., 8. F.
i Cor. 13th and Broadway. Oakland.