AMERICANS KILLED IN
THE SIEGE OF PEKI NG
' . : * — . ' \
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20. — The Bureau of Navigation this morning received the following cablegram
from Admiral Remey: ; * V-, .... .'..'¦ . . ..- • . . "; -,...'.;
"TAKU, Aug. 19.— Authentic, report from. Peking,.dated August 15, from Lieutenant Lat
imer:. 'Troops moving on the Imperial City and clearing out the Tartar City. , All- Americans .who re
mained in Peking are well except one child.' Captain Meyers has recovered from wound, has typhoid,
but crisis has passed, and he is now convalescing. Assistant '. Surgeon Lippett was wounded in upper left
leg, "bone- being fractured. The leg was saved and he is now recovering.- The following were killed dur
ing the siege of Peking: ' ..:"";¦
" 'Sergeant J. P. Fanning, Privates C. . X. King, J. W.~ Tucher, j. I Kennedy, ;B» E. Thomas," A.
Turner and H. Fisher.
" 'Wounded— Private J. Schroeder, elbow, severe, now dangerously ill from •* fever; Seaman J.
Mitchell, upper arm, severe, now recovering. . •. V . ,
" 'All other wounded * and sick have returned^to duty.
" 'Casualties in Major* Biddle's command at; attack ion Tan t Priting: First" iieutenant Butler,;
chest; Private Green, wrist; Private VWarrel, right; temple-rrall ; slight^ * • '- : . -
•'•It is reported from Chinese sources that the royal family has escaped arid "is. en route to'Sian
¦Fu.» • • . ¦ ¦' • ¦¦¦* ¦¦¦-'¦''. ¦::"¦'. .- . ¦ •;' •":";. ,...,,.^'t ( 'BEMEY." - \ '¦,¦;'
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— The State Department to-night made public the following:
"CHEFU, Aug. 20, 1 900.— To Secretary of State, Washington, D. C: Twentieth—
Rsgsdaie reports Chinese troops surrounded in palace grounds. y FOWLER."
Ragsdale is Consul at Tientsin.
The State Department also issued the following statement:,
"The Acting Secretary of State reports the receipt of a telegram to-day from Consul Gen-*
eral Goodnow, dated the 20th, reporting a statement of the Governor of Shantung, that the Em
press left Peking on the 13th for Sinan FuV in the province of Shensi, and that Princes Ching and
Tuan and Viceroy Kan Yi are still in Peking. < : •
THE FLEEING RULER OF CHINA.
THE DOWAGER EMPRESS, WITH THE EMPEROR AND COURT AND A LARGE AMOUNT OF
URE. IS REPORTED HASTENING TOWARD . SIAN-FU, HOTLY PURSUED BY JAPANESE CAVALRY. SIAN
FU IS SITUATED IN THE PROVINCE OF SHENSI. 700 MILES SOUTHWEST OF PEKING. IT HAS OVER A
MILLION OF PEOPLE AND LIES IN A VERY POPULOUS AND FERTILE THOUGH] VERY INACCESSIBLE
DISTRICT. IT WAS THE CAPITAL OF EASTERN CHINA FROM' 1122 B. C. TO 1270 A. D. THE ABOVE PICTURE
Sir Feng Lnh. interviewed by the Daily Chronicle, is re
ported as having said: "The present disturbances are only
a temporary outbreak. We do not despair of peace. Every
thing depends upon the conduct of the allies, who are now. in
(taking. Subsequent questions rest with them fpr solution..
You may be quite certain that it is not the antagonism to west
ern ideals which is at the root of the troubles, but rather the
difficulty of governing a groat and ancient people.'*- _ __
necessary.
LONDON, Aug. 21, 3:55 a. m.— Owing probably to the
Peking wire being cut, little news of conditions in the
Chinese capital has come through this morning. What
has reached London indicates that the allies are in need of rein
forcements. The commander of the Italian cruiser Fieramosea
telegraphs from Taku, according to the Rome correspondent of
the Daily Mail, that very urgent requests were coming from Pe
king on Saturday for the immediate dispatch of further troops,
and that in answer to these 400 Italian marines were sent)off
post hasfeT~ . *
The Japanese Minister in London is said to have' received
a telegram last evening announcing that subsequent to the entry
into Peking a Japanese detachment went to the imperial palace
to afford whatever protection was necesssary. The enemy was
in strength, and fighting was still proceeding when the message
was sent to Tokio. The main body of the Japanese was then at
the An-Ting-Men gate, in the Tartar City, with headquarters at
the Japanese legation.
Reports of the presence of the Empress Dowager are still
contradictory, but General Yung Lu, on the authority of the
Shanghai correspondent of the Standard, is announced to be a
prisoner, by order of the Empress, in the imperial palace.
"This, perhaps," says the correspondent, "is a good thing,
as detention in the capital will enable him to negotiate with the
allies' commander, which he would do as Prince Tuan's enemy."
The Chinese Minister in London, Sir Chih Chen Lo Feng
Luh, on being asked as to the whereabouts of the Empress
Dowager and Emperor, replied:
"They have gone westward to the old capital, Sian-Fu, and
I think they are quite safe there."
Serious trouble is now threatened in the neighborhood of
Canton. The Americans at Swatow, according to the Daily
Chronicle's Shanghai correspondent, have applied for a warship
in consequence of serious rioting, and the Hongkong corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says that a warship is on the way
there now.
Queen Victoria has sent the following message to the com
mandant of marines at Peking:
"I thank God that you and those under your command
have been rescued from your perilous situation. With my peo
ple. I have waited with the deepest anxiety for good news of
vour safety and the happy termination of your heroic and pro
longed defense. I grieve for the losses and sufferings experi
enced by the besieged."
\ Japanese warship has left Yokohama for Shanghai, ac
cording to the Daily Mail, to land troops and to protect Japan
ese subjects The Daily Mail also announces that Germany will
land a detachment at Shanghai. Further Yokohama advices to
the same paper declare that Germany and Russia are objects of
•lUtrust to the Japanese press, which urges that Japan, having
borne the chief burden of the operations, must see to it that the
future of China is not determined merely by the pleasure of the
western powers "It is felt." says the correspondent, "that de
termined action on the part of Great Britain, the United States
and Japan will avert any danger arising from. the ambition of
continental Europe."
The semi-official organs say that if occasion arises. Japan
can send 50.000 troops on short notice, and that if the powers
are inclined to play a selfish game, special measures will be
In Response to Requests for
Reinforcements for Allies
Italian Marines Are Rushed
From Taku to Peking.
Reports From the Chinese Capital Con
cerning the Empress Dowager Are
Conflicting, but It Seems Certain She
Has Fled to Sian-Fu.
PiEKING, Friday, Aug. 17, via Shanghai, Aug. 20.— Contrary to the agreement of the allied commanders,
the Russians advanced and occupied the first door of the east gate early in the morning of the 14th
(Tuesday), but failed to force the second door. At 2 o'clock on the afternoon of the 14th the British and
Americans entered the gate near the legations and met with only slight resistance. The Japanese met
a more serious opposition at the upper east gate all day. At midnight of the 14th they blew up the gate and en
tered the city.- Many Chinese were killed. The people in the legations were well, but somewhat starved. Min
ister Conger said:
"They tried to annihilate us the day before you got in. Prince Ching, president of the Tsung li Yamen,
sent word that his officers had received orders to cease firing on us under pain of death. At 7 o'clock in the
evening of the same day the Chinese opened fire and this continued all day.
The attitude ' which the International forces will observe toward the Empercr
and Empress Dowager Is understood to have received official consideration amor..:?
the powers, resulting, from a' request by the Southern Viceroys that no personal
indignity be shown to China's "rulers". In response to this it Is quite generally
understood that there will be no personal Indignity to the Emperor and Em
press Dowager, not because it Is felt that there Is any special consideration due
them, but because China would be precipitated Into a chaotic condition If tho
responsible heads of the empire lost their functions. In view of the general dt
slrc of this Government and the others concerned to keep China Intact the de
position among ofllclals Is toward refraining from any personal indignities tD
»the Chinese rulers. It develops In this connection that all of the powers re
cently rejected the proposition of the Consuls at Tientsin to destroy the tomb*
of the Ming dynasty. The proposed destruction was a threat- held out to tba
Chinese in. the hope of bringing them to terms. But the powers rejected the pro
.posal and thus gave: significant evidence that anything calculated to give per
sonal affront or indignity to the Chinese was not part of the present campaism.
These several dispatches from aiff srent sources establish clearly that the im
perial palace and grounds were under 3iese. But not one of the dispatches »
clear as to how late this condition of affairs existed. The Fowler dispatch is
the latest to be received and is dated the 20th, but probably that is the datrf on
which- it left Tientsin. The Japanese dispatch also refers to the Chinese lakiss
refuge in the imperial palace on the 13th, but does not bring the situation bt
yond that day. So that the latest Information, while showing the Imperial city
surrounded, does not disclose the issue of this situation nor how long it ha.<
continued. . •
To-day's dispatches seem to make clear that the Emperor ard the Empress
Dowager have made their escape from Peking and that about the only present
service of the imperial palace and grounds is an asylum In which the demoral
ized Chinese soldiers are making a last stand. The Japanese legation's advlcc-i
to-day showed that the banners of the Imperial cortege were seen leaving Peking
on the 12th. and that probably the Empress Dowager as well as the Emporor
had left the city. Consul General Good now advised the State Department that
he had information from Chinese sources that the Empress Dowager had Ie:t
Peking.
The situation at Peking was made clearer to-day from many sources. ' The
latest advice appears that from Consul Fowler at Chefu, repeating a dtspatch
received from Consul Ragsdale at Tientsin. The latter reports "Chinese troops
surrounded in palace grounds." The Japanese legation received a dispatch of Qka
same general tenor, but more In detail, stating that the Chinese troops re
treated on the 15th within the Imperial palace and that they were surrounded
there by the Japanese troops.
Admiral Remey also transmitted an authentic report from Peking on the
loth saying: "Troops moving on the Imperial city."
WASHINGTON, Aup. 20.— The American reply to China's latest appeal for
a cessation of hostilities, received to-day from LI Hung Chang, has not
yet been made known, and it is likely that the matter will be one of the
main subjects of consideration at the Cabinet meeting to-morrow, liut
there is reason to believe that the overtures will in effect be rejected
on the ground that the conditions laid down in the American note of August 12
have not been complied with, and unless complied with the Government's course
must proceed without reference to China's* appeal for a halt in the proceedings.
The dispatch of August 12 said specifically that the United States was ready to
enter Into an agreement between the powers and the Chinese Government for a
cessation of hostilities on condition that the relief forces should be permitted "to
enter Peking unmolested" and escort the legationers therefrom under such cir
cumstances as the general commanding might lay down. f?ut up to the present
time th^re is no evidence that the allied forces are unmolested at Peking or have
received the sanction of the Imperial Government to convey the legatlonera to
Tientsin without further troubles under the conditions laid down by the com
manding general. On the contrary, aJl of the dispatches indicate that the allies
a"re meeting with stubborn resistance and there is an entire lack of compliance
with the conditions laid down by the United States in its dispatch of August
12. As stated, however, the Government has given no authoritative state
ment of its purpose in reply to China's application of to-day and there Is still
a slight chance that complete compliance with the demands of August 12 may
be announced in the Peking dispatches before the flnr determination on the
reply Is made. But the disposition is clearly in the lines Indicated.
China's last application for peace negotiations was received early to-day at
the Chinese Legation and was transmitted by Mr. Wu to the State Depart
menf. Secretaries Hay and Root were out of the city, but Acting Stcretary
of State Adee went over the subject with the President. Earl Li's request Is
that the Ur. :ed States shall name Minister Conger or some other official to act
as peace envoy for the cessation of hostilities. Li expressed his wUfogBeas to
go to such point as the powers may desire and under the intimations made it
is thought that Peking or Tientsin would be selected for the negotiations. The
Chinese envoy proposed no terms as to the withdrawal of troops and made no
other suggestions as to what was to come before the commission, his sole an
xiety being to secure the cessation of hostilities.
The application is understood also to have been made to the powers in the
hope that If all would name a commissioner there would be a general council
of peace between Li Hung Chang on the one hand and the several representa
tives of the nations on the other. Aside from the fact that the conditions on
August 12 have not been complied with by China, it la probable that this Govern
ment would desire to take sufficient time to learn what the other powers Intend
doing on the 'same line, as all are acting in unison. Moreover there are some
unexplained features of Li Hung Chang's application, one of them being that
while he asks the allies to cease hostilities he gives no assurance that he has me
power to make the Chinese army and the rebellious Boxers cease their hostili
ties.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— The Chinese Government through
Li Hung Chang has made application to the United States
for the appointment of Minister Conger or some other Amer
ican official with authority to open negotiations for the establish
ment of peace and for fixing definite terms for the settlement of the
present trouble. The application came to the Chinese Minister to-day
and was taken by him to the.State Department. Li Hung Chang's
application for the appointment of a Peace Commissioner expresses
willingness to conduct the negotiations at a point desired by the
powers, and it is expected that this will be Peking or Tientsin. A
similar application has been made by Earl Li to all of the powers
. interested. 7 His suggestion of Minister Conger as the Commissioner
is based on the idea that as Minister Conger has been rescued he
has now the opportunity to proceed to the point where the negotia
tions will be held and conduct them. The application does not sug
gest any particular terms nor does J it ask for the withdrawal of
troops. It requests that the negotiations shall be for the purpose of
bringing about a cessation of hostilities.
First Condition That the Relief Forces Be
Permitted to Enter Peking Unmolested
Not Complied With and America Will
Refuse to Act.
Chinese Government Through
Li Hung Chang Again Ap
peals for Cessation of Hostili
ties and Restoration of Peace.
In an interview Sir Claude Macdonald, the British Minister, states: "The Chinese broke every engage
ment with the foreign Ministers. There is no truth in the story that the imperial palace supplied the legation
'with food. They sent vegetables, which were refused. The total casualties during the siege of the legations
were sixty-seven killed and one hundred and twenty wounded."
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing Company.
"If the relieving 1 column had not arrived when it did we should probably have succumbed.
The whole movement is purely a governmental one. The Boxers are only a pretense, having no guns.
The confidential adviser of the Empress was the leader of the imperial troops here. In eleven days over
2000 shells fell among us. The American marines, under Captain Myers, held the position on the wall
throughout the siege. Upon the allies passing the wall the Chinese retreated. The imperial family left four
days ago for Shensi province."
In an Interview" With The Call's s CorrespoMcleint M S'e aster Coeger Declares 'the Attack on the
Legations Was Instigated by the Imperial Government, and That the -Relief
Column Arrived in, the Nick of- Time- • v
CHINESE TROOPS SURROUNDED IN PALACE GROUNDS
AND THE EMPRESS DOWAGER A FUGITIVE.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS. -
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 82.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Comrade*: A resolution recently adopted by
your association at the Instance of General
Ohaleron. criticizing certain act» or supposed
acts of mine, entirely escaped my attention
at the tljne of its appearance In the public
prew, and I have Just seen It for the first
time. I understand this action of your asso
ciation to mean a formal and public notice
that you disapprove of my participation in tho
Blue and Gray meeting which recently occurred
In Atlanta; and also, that it means a formal
and public protest by your association against
my acceptance of an invitation extended tne
by the Urand Army of the Republic and by
the executive committee of the citizens of Chi
cago.
It* object of this reply to your resolution,
which you failed to send me. ii not to call
In Question the riisht of your association to
criticize any official act of mine which does
not meet your approval. I do wish, however,
to Ftat« kindly but frankly and plainly that
my own conscience and my own conception
of outy must be my guide in the future as
in the part.
As to the courteous and cordial invitation of
bcth the Grand Army of the Republic and of
the executive committee of Chicago citizens,
1 have to state that I greatly appreciate the
compliment paid me by that Invitation and
the spirit which prompted it. Circumstances,
however, rendered it impossible for me to ac
cept, and I fo notified the officers and commit
tees nearly two months ago when that In
vitation first reached me. But In this con
nection aloo, I wl«n to eay that I must be the
judfte. now and hereafter, of the propriety of
acceptlcn invitations from any section of the
country or any class of my fellow countrymen
• In order that there mar oe no possible mls
underrtanaing of my position on these and all
kindred matters. I repeat my sole guide must
be my own conviction* of duty to this whole
country and to the Southern people, whoee
Florlous record In all the past, whose tradi
tions, dlcnlty and honor I have endeavored to
defend and ujiho!-! at all times In all sections
and under all conditions.
KIRKWOOD. Ga.. Aug. 20.— To the Confed
erate Association of the Army of the Tennes
eee:
ATLANTA, Ga., Aug. 20.— General J. B.
Gordon, commander-in-ch'.ef of the United
Confederate Veterans, has prepared a re
ply to a resolution recently adopted by a
camp of Confederate -veterans at New Or
leans, condemning the Blue and Gray re
union at Atlanta, recommending that no
more similar reunions be held and protest
ing against General Goidon accepting an
invitation to the G. A. R. reunion at Chi
cago. The reply is as follows:
Says His Own Conscience Will Be His
Sole Guide in the Future, as
It Has Been in the
Past.
Gives Reasons for Attending
the Blue and Gray
Reunion.
GENERAL GORDON
STRIKES BACK
AT HIS CRITICS
It Is Expected to Prove by Ex-Gov
ernor Taylor and Other Absent
Witnesses That the Sten
ographer Is Innocent.
GEORGETOWN. Ky., Aug. 20.— The de
fense this afternoon filed a motion for a
rontinuance until the October term In the
rase of Henry H. Youtsey. the Auditor a
>oung stenographer, who wa« inaicted
es one of the principals in the Goebel
murder. The motion is based on the ill
ness of the defendant, supported by the
feffldaviTs of two physicians, of the illness
of his attorneys and also the absence of a
iargc number of important witnesses. An
efhdavit was also filed by his counsel
ftating that subpenas had been issued and
returned unserved in the cases of a num.
ir-r who were desired as witneses, and the
flcfendant makes affidavit as to what he
expects to prove Y>r them. By ex-Governor
\Y. S. Taylor. Charles Kinley. W. J. Da
tidson and R. N. Miller, all of whom are
out of the State, he says he will prove
that he was in the executive's office solely
for protecting the building and occupants
from the expected riot- He says that
Taylor and Miller will testify that upon
entering the executive office "immediately
efter the shooting Youtsey did trot say
that Goebel had been killed, but that he
Sid not know what had happened. That
:'harl*>s Flnley will testify that there was
cut one key to the Sacretary of State's of
fice, and that Mrs. C. E. Mason will tes
tify that she Faw the defendant walk up
•he steps to the east door of the building
io soon after the shooting that he could
not have been engaged In it. That ex-
Soveroor Bradley will say he never talked
with W. II. Culton or anybody else re
tarding the rumor that Youtsey contem
plated killing Gofbel.
The court did not pass directly upon the
motion for a continuance, but said that
only one of the grounds set up in the af-
Sdavit was to be considered— that of the
Ulnefis of the defendant. He therefore
postponed the trial until next Thursday
morning, at which time it would be de
lermlned whether Youtsey would be able
:o Ftand trial.
During the sparring between the counsel
jver the matter Colonel L.. J. Crawford
i'outF%y's half-brother and leading coun
iel. made the statement that he believed
!t possible to get all of the absent wit
nosses here in October. Including ox-Gov
•rnor Taylor. Charles Flnley and R X
Miller. The venire of Jurymen was then
railed and the defense, through counsel,
moved to discharge this venire and sub
stitute one drawn from the jury wheel
rhe argument over this was not finished"
»nd Judge Cantrill will fit to hear fur-',
:her argument to-morrow.
Affidavits Assert He Had
Nothing to Do With
Goebel's Murder.
WORKING HARD
IN BEHALF OF
YOUNG YOUTSEY
Ti t EW YORK, Aug. 20.— Senator Ma-
J\ I son of Illinois has recently criti
¦ \i elzed Secretary of State Hay be-
I \ cause of the provisional boundary
which has been run through :lie
disputed territory In Alaska. Fault is
found with the Secretary for having
"yielded to Great Britain" and for having
"ceded to Canada" territory belonging to
the United States. A correspondent of
the New York HeraM called Secretary
Hay's attention to this criticism and re
quested him to make a statement in hi?
own behalf of the attitude of this Govern
ment and the exact effect of the provision
al boundary. This he declined to do. but
discussed the entire matter with freedom
and without any show of Impatience.
As a result of his explanalion it can be
stated that there has been no cession of
territory to Canada under the provisional
boundary, just completed in accordance
with the terms of the modus vlvendl, and'
there can be none. Nor has anything been
said, done or agreed to by the representa
tives of the United States before, during
or since the location of the provisional
boundary to weaken the claim of tiie
United State3. It is a mere temporary
line devised for the practical working of
the two governments in their administra
tion—policing, collecting of tariff duties,
etc.— of the territory, until the boundary
Is finally determined. The modus vivendl
was entered into because of the refusal
of the Canadian Commissioners to accept
any settlement or adjustment except one
that this Government felt would deprive
""" Special Dispatch to The Call.
j Arbitration was offered, but Secretary
Hay refused on the ground that it would
have meant an admission that there was
a flaw in the contention of the United
States. , Meanwhile things were Jn a poor
state. This Government sent troops to
Dyea and* Skaguay. Canada had mounted
police in both places. Canadian police
were on the streets of Dyea and Skaguay
dally and In one of the places Canada
had a Government office. It was a sort
of no man's land, or, rather, a land with
a dual government. Disputes were con-
Cnnnda wanted to compromise and sug
gested its willingness t» abandon its
claim to Dyea and Skaguuy if the United
States would only permit it to have Pyra
mid Harbor, so that it could have a tidal
entry to the Yukon region. The United
States held that compromise was out of
the Question, as its boundary line was
the correct one.
The United States contended for the
line on all the recent maps, which fol
lowed the winding or sinuosities of the
coast, put the Lynn Canal in American
territory, and gave to the United States
Dyea. Skaguay and Porcupine Creek. The
United States felt that it had a substan
tial case and could hoi i its claim.
The contention of Canada was that tho
boundary followed tho continental coast
line ten marine leagues inland, jumping
from headland to headland. This would
have given them control of all water ac
cess to the gold fields by the Dalton trail.
White Pass and Chilkcot Pass; control of
all the Lynn Canal and of Dyea and
Skaguay.
It of territory to which it had a perfectly
sound title.
When the extent of concessions made
by Canada and the United States is com
pared, it is discovered that Canada has
conceded more than 100 miles and the
United States not more than ten miles,
and nothing that the United States has
done has vitiated or weakened its claim,
which is even now being pressed. *
In the drawing of this line Canada was
put entirely out of the Lynn Canal:
driven away from Pyramid Harbor, from
Dyea and Skaguay. The Indian town of
Klukwan, which Canada claimed, was
taken in as American territory. Instead
of having a tidewater port of entry, Can
ada was deprived of even canal naviga
tion into the Klondike.
stantly arising. An armed conflict over
the" enforcement of law or the mainte
nance of order might arise at any hour.
Therefore, to remove the danger of con
flict the modus Vivendi was entered into.
It provided for a line to be fixed by an
officer of the United States Coast Survey
and a Canadian astronomer at each of
the points at which the disputed country
could be entered. ThuS it was not a com
plete or continuous line from Yukon or
Canadian territory on the east to United
States territory on the west, but lines in
dicated by monuments at the White River
Pass, the Chilcoot Pass and along the
Kleheeni or Klehiril River anU Porcupine
Creek, north of the Indian village of
Klukwan, these lines only being drawn at
places where access could be had Into the
country beyond. It was to be merely a
temporary working boundary for the time
being, so that each country should know
where it could exercise Its authgrlty so
long as the arrangement lasted.
LONDON, Aug. 21.— Special dispatches
from Pretoria announce that General
Dewet bivouacked five miles from theJ
city and that General Mahon was busily" 5
engaging him yesterday (Monday) morn
ing.
The Pretoria correspondent of the Stan
dard wiring yesterday says: The trial of
Lieutenant Cordua of the Staats artillery,
charged with being concerned in the plot
to kidnap Lord Roberts, was resumed to
day. The public prosecutor addressed the
court in a moderate speech, contending
that the prisoner was earnest In what he
did, and that there was no evidence before
the court that Gano originated the plot.
The court adjourned until to-morrow,
when the Judge Advocate will sum ud.
The War Offlce received the following
dispatch from Lord Roberts:
"Ian Hamilton captured two Krupp gur.3
at Oliphant's Nek August 17. Three Brit
ish were wounded.
"Hamilton engaged the Bo#rs nil day-
August 19 at RocdefcopjM an>1 Crocodi!«
River. There were few casualties/
"Rundle reports that 6S4 Boers surren
dered in the Harrismith district August
19." \
DEWET'S FORCES ARE
CLOSE TO PRETORIA
BERLIN. Aug. 20.— The Foreign Office
has received a dispatch from the German
Consul at Chefu, under to-day's date, say
ing the Dowager Empress was believed to
be inside the palace at Peking, and that
the allies were still bombarding the forti
fications.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 20.— The State De
partment is in receipt of a telegram from
Levi S. Wilcox. Consul of the United
States at Hankow. China, dated at Shang
hai. August IS, in which ho states that
upon the advice of the department he has
removed to Shanghai, as have the other
Americans who were in Hankow.
BOMBARDING FORTIFICATIONS.
HAVE LEFT HANKOW.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— The State De
partment received a dispatch from Consul
Fowler, dated Chefu, August 15. It re
lates to the massacre of missionaries and
others at Pao Ting Fu, which has been
referred to a number of times in the press
dispatches, and has generally been con
ceded to have occurred on June SO. The
first part of the dispatch is so badly
mangled in transmission that it is impos
sible to make much out of it.
MANGLED IN TRANSMISSION.
An imperial ukase has been issued pro
hibiting the exportation of arms or am
munition to China.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 20.— General
Orloff. chief of staff to the Russian forces
In China, reports to the Russian War Of
fice the defeat of 7000 Chinese after a hard
fight, the capture of Yukshi pass and the
occupation of Meduchei.
RUSSIANS DEFEAT THE
CHINESE IN HARD BATTLE
"England," say the diplomat in ques
tion, "has no first-class power ¦ except
America which offers her the slightest
ground for hoping a friendly hearing oi
her case. The bitter feeling of to-da>
will generate war against her to-morro\».
Russia's plan, which is encouraged by
Austria-Hungary, France and Germany,
is to strip Great Britain of all support
to leave her naked— before ouch a war be
gins."
LONDON. Aug. 21.— Julian Ralph in
the Daily Mail this' morning quotes "a
diplomat of nigh standing," whose name
is not given, who declares that Russia 1»
vigorously endeavoring to secure Amer
ican support and to break the harmony
existing between the United States and
Great Britain.
STRIVING TO STRIP
BRITAIN OF SUPPORT
The report sent to Paris from Shanghai
that the United States cruiser New Or
leans was preparing to land marines has
not teen confirmed by any information
received here, and it is not credited.
Orders to Captain Green, commanding the
New Orleans, authorize him to land men
if such action is necessary to protect
American interests. He is to exercise his
discretion, but he is not to send a land
ing party ashore unless In his judgment
American interests are in danger. It is
not believed here that the situation is
such as to require the landing of any
American force.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— Reports from
Shanghai are so confusing that the Presi
dent is not able to determine what the
truth is. Even Consul General Goodnow,
who is usually accurate, has sent contra
dictory reports as to the situation and in
tentions of the powers, indicating, it is be
lieved, that so many reports are put In
circulation there that he is unaWe to learn
the truth. It Is believed that equally con
fusing reports are being sent to the Euro
pean Governments. The administration is
trying to get a clear statement of the sit
uation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CONFUSING REPORTS
COME FROM SHANGHAI
In giving this letter out for publication
the Russian embassy wishes it understood
that little importance is attributed to the
effect of the stories reflecting upon the
Russian troops. Were it not that the lady
concerned la desirous of correcting the
false reports no notice would be taken of
them, as the facts themselves are the best
refutation of the sensational canards pub
lished, with the obvious purpose of preju
dicing the American press and people
against the Russians.
of the atrocities committed by the Rus
sian soldiers. I wish to deny these state
ments in full, and as the account has been
copied into many Eastern papers it has
perhaps' come to your notice. I feel that
I at least must tell you how false it ah is.
In fact, I can from my own experience
during those terrible days of the siege of
Tientsin speak only in the highest terms
of praise of the Russian soldiers, who un
doubtedly saved our lives on more than
one occasion."
MAP SHOWING THE PROVISIONAL BOUNDARY LINES BETWEEN ALASKA AND CANADA.
LEAVENWORTH. Kans.. Aug. 20 —
At Farley, a small town across the
river in Missouri, Dr. Harrington,
a physician of Farley, drunk and
imagining fancied wrongs, killed
Jarr.es Wallace, his uncle, a wealthy farm
er; Mrs. William Wallace, Harrington's
mother-in-law, and J. P. Dillingham. Sher
iff of Platt County, who tried to arrest him.
end was in turn shot dead by Harry Dill
ingham, the Sheriffs son. Before he was
cornered by the Sheriff's posse, Harring
ton held up the clerk in a general store
at the point of his revolver and exchanged
phots with the clerk, firing into a crowd
of spectators. Harrington's 12-year-old
daughter was a forced ¦witness of the dif
ferent stages of the tragedy.
The physician took her with him in his
buggy pp he went from place to place on
his Uloody errand.
Saturday night Harrington quarreled
with his wife and drove tter from him,
threatening her life. He had had words
•with James Wallace over a line fence and
had been on a protracted spree. Mrs.
Harrington had not returned home trTls
morning and Harrington, repairing to
Wallace's horae. demanded to know where
the could be found. Wallace professed to
hai'e no knowledge of her whereabouts,
whereat Harrington whipped out a re
volver and shot him twice, once in the
head and once through the heart. Leav
ing the victim as he lay, Harrington
drove half a mile to the home of Mrs.
William Wallace and again demanded to
know of his wife. On Mrs. Wallace's
answering that she knew nothing of Mrs.
Jiarringxon. the physician shot her dead
before she could make an outcry.
Holds Up a Clerk.
Harrington drove Immediately to
Leaventvorth, taking his little girl with
him. The Wallaces were alone and no
body gave chase. At Leavenworth Har
rington appeared calm and collected. He
purchased some cartridges for his re
volver and a 41-caliber rifle and ammuni
tion for it. remarking to the proprietor
as he left: *"I have an order for the
cartridges in the store at Farley, and as
I am going home I might as well take
them."
As Harrington retraced his steps the
liquor and *he thoughts of his crime mad
dened him. Reaching Farley be entered
"William Wehe's general store and ds
mande-i some money of the clerk In
charge.
"I have only S3 and cannot let you have
that." said the clerk.
"Yes you can. for I will pay It back,"
replied Harrington.
The clerk still refused and Harrington
drew a revolver and demanded the money.
There wore a dozen men in the store, but
none made a move to interfere. The clerk
turned over the money and Harrington
Ftarted to leave the store. As he did so
the clerk seized a revolver and fired one
phot at him. It went amiss and Harring
ton, turning quickly, emptied his re
volver in the direction of the crowd.
Non<> of the shots took effect, but they
(sufficed to keep the crowd at bay. and
Harrington sauntered toward the door.
Mad Career Ended.
Sheriff Dillir.gham and his posse had
bet-n following Harrington closely, and as
MILWAUKEE. Aug. 20.— A special
from Sheboygan. Wls., says: A
terrific windstorm struck the city
this afternoon. The storm came
very suddenly from the north.
Eight large buildings were completely
wrecked and 200 small houses were blown
down. The loss will be more than $300,000.
At noon It was as dark as night and in
tensely hot. A few moments before 1
o'clock the storm broke, Increasing in force
until a tornado was blowing. Person3
were knocked down and fences and signs
hurled hundreds of feet. The storm raged
for some minutes and passed off to the
south. The storm started in the western
part of the city, near the cemetery, and
swept down on to the south side ana orr
into the lake. It was two miles wide and
wrecked everything in its path. It was all
over in ten minutes, although it seemed
hours to the panic stricken people. Tha
roof of the large warehouse of the Crocker
Company was blown oft and thrown
against the large factory. The buildins
was wrecked and a large stock of cnaird
was left without protection from the rain
which fell in torrents.
The street car. barns were wrecked and
street cars were smashed to pieces. The
electric wires were all blown down.
The roof of the malt house of the
Keneid-Schriever Brewing Company was
lifted out of the building and carried over
150 yards and thrown into the street. It
was carried over the huge ventilators of
the brewery.
The American Folding Bed Company s
plant was demolished and the sheds in the
Simball & Sons' brick yards were blown
down and the debris scattered in every
direction. _ ..
The storm struck the South Side Luth
eran Church and the steeple was blown
down on two residences, smashing in the
roofs. The Fourth Ward School, a beau
tiful building, was completely wrecked,
ono side and the front being blown in.
causing the roof to fall and crushing the
floors down into the cellar.
The plant of the Optenberg & Sonneman
Company was partially wrecked. Several
freight cars standing on the Northwestern
Railroad tracks were blown over on their
That no one was killed seems almost a
Telephone, electric light and trolley car
wires and poles were torn down and a
street car has not run In the city sines
the storm struck. Sidewalks and trees
were carried away like chaff.
The principal sufferer la the Crocker
Chair Company, "B" factory, roof and
top floor carried away, stock badly dam
aged. Loss 1250,000.
DETROIT. Aug. 20.— The entire lower
peninsula of Michigan was swept by a se
vere electrical storm this afternoon. The
damage to crops is Immense. From all
parts of the peninsula come reports of
standing grain beaten to the ground and
practically ruined. Scores of barns wero
struck by lightning and burned with their
contents, so that the loss to the farmers
is very heavy. In Detroit the wind at
tained a velocity of thirty-six miles an
hour and hundreds of trees were blown
down. The storm swept with cyclonic
fury upon the camp which had been
pitched on the boulevard for the biennial
encampment of the Knishta of Pythias
and razed 1000 of the 1300 tents to the
ground.
Other portions of the building of tha
Crocker Chair Company were torn to
pieces. There is scarcely a whole pane
of glass left in the tornado district.
Four box cars In the Chicago and North
western yards were carried oft the track
and stood straight on end. Some of the
bricks from the Crocker Chair Company
warehouse were thrown with such force
against the adjacent buildings that they
passed through the sides of the buildings,
and yet no one was injured.
ro'f»cle. The wind wrecked buil<3tn* ¦¦ ji_.
building with the greatest rapidity. aSl
there -was little warning of the approach
or the storm. The people in every case
were out of their homes before the storm
struck, and those who were struck by fly
ing debris were only slightly injured. In
the factories the empjoyes were in many
cases bruised and cut from wreckage.
The 6-year-old son of Mrs. Thomas At
kins had a remarkable escape. The house
was torn Into shreds and scattered about
in the roadway. What was leftjBf the
house was only about three feet ofdebrta
where the buildins stood. The child was
buried under thia and wuen found was
standing In a corner with timber piled, In
front of him In such a manner as to
shield him, and he escaped with only
bruises.
Mrs. Tyson was in the back yard when
Burnham shot her twice from an upstairs
window, the first shot striking her in the
breast, passing through her lung, and the
other striking her in the stomach. Mr.
Tyson rushed to his wife's assistance and
was Ehot in the shoulder, but not serious
ly t^junded. Burnham was arrested.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Aug. 20.— Earl
Burnham, 24 years old. a postofflce em
ploye, shot and killed Mrs. Annie Tyson
and wounded her husband at their resi
dence at 1 Vine street to-night. Burnham
and the Tyson family lived in the same
house and have had some trouble in re
gard to the payment of rent, but there
was no immediate cause for trouble to
night.
WICHITA, Kans., Aug. 20.— Mr. Huff,
cattleman and farmer, was shot dead in
his own home in Custer County. Okla
homa. Friday night by some one who
fired through an open window. .The herd
law there is said to be the cause of the
crime, nnd more trouble is feared.
DALLAS. Tex.. Aug. 20.— A telephone
message from Bloomington Grove states
that J. McCann, a farmer, shot and killed
S. R. Chipley. a rich planter, because
Chipley would not consent that McCann
marry his 14-year-old daughter. McCann
is in jail.
PITTSFIELD. Mass.. Aug. 20.— Miss
May Fosburg, the 23-year-old daughter of
R. L. Fosburg, a xontractor of Buffalo,
N. Y.. was shot and killed early this
morning by a burglar. Her brother. E. F.
Fosburg. was badly beaten by one of the
men whom he tried to capture. There
were three of the burglars and all escaped.
Mr. Fosburg is living in th!s city while en
gaered on some work for an electric*!
company.
Killed by a Burglar.
ST. PAUL. Aug. 20.— A special to the
Dispatch from Arlington, Minn., says:
Between 1 and 2 o'clock this morning.
Theodore Wallart. a farmer living eight
miles from here, slaughtered his wife and
four stepchildren with a butcher knife
end so badly injured a fifth child that he
may not recover. The couple had not lived
together happily and recently separated,
and Mrp. Wallart Is understood to have
taken steps for getting a d:\orce. The
dead are: 4
MRS. SOPHIA WALLART, aged 42
JUSTIUS STEINBORN. aged 20.
HELENA STEINBORN. aged 1C.
ANNIE STEINBORN. aged 13.
REYNOLD STEINBORN. aged 10.
Otto Steinborn. aged 16. is fo badly in
jured he may not recover. Baby Teresa
Ostcrman. two years old. who was visit
ing the family, was uninjured. After com
mitting- the crime Wallart set fire to the
barns, destroying the stables containing
a number of horses and cows. About half
a mile from the house he hid his bloody
clothing, where it was later discovered.
At last report he was making his way
toward Glcncoe. Sheriff Gaflke organized
a posse and is hunting for the murderer.
Annihilates His Family.
the murderer emerged from the
store he stood face to face with his
pursuers.. Hairington instantly raised his
weapon and fired a: the Sheriff, the ball
entering Dillingham's for»head. Harring
ton a moment later stepped over the body
of the dying Sheriff and started to run.
He had gone but a few yards when a ehot
frotn the revolver of Harry Dllllngham,
*on of the Sheriff.* brought him to the
ground. Both Sheriff rmiingham and Har
rington died within a few minutes.
Property Destroyed in
Sheboygan.
Inky Darkness at Noon- Followed by a Terrific
Windstorm Which Sweeps Everything Before
It, and Accompanied by Torrents of Rain.
TORNADO WRECKS
MINNESOTA TOWN
Thousands of Dollars' Worth of
CANADA GAINS NOTHING IN
ALASKA BOUNDARY DISPUTE
Minnesota Farmer Slaughters His Wife and Four
Stepchildren, Sets Fire to the Farm Build
ings and Is Now Being Pursued by Sheriff.
Drink-Crazed Physician in Kansas
Kills Three Persons and Is
Himself Shot.
BLOODY RECORD
FOR A SINGLE DAY
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1900.
THREE CHINESE
OFFICIALS ARE
DEC A PITA TED
SHANGHAI, Aug. 20. — Official
Chinese advices from Peking
say that Hsu Tung and Yl Lien
. Yuan of the anti-foreign party,
and Li Shan," a pro-foreigner, have
been decapitated, and that: Yung Lu
has been imprisoned by Prince
Ching. " It is 'added that the Em
peror . and- Dowager Empress are
sixty miles west of Peking, under
the constraint of Prince Tuan. -Li
Hung Chang will go north imme
diately. Hsu Tung was a member
of the imperial secretariate and
president of the „ civil board. " . Li
Shan was a member of the ministry
of the imperial household. The
identity of Yi Lien Yuan cannot be
traced. 'ii'X'-h
Count von Waldersee takes with him a
"campaign house" built of an asbestos
preparation, light, fireproof and weather-
He had great ovations when passing
through Leipsic, Ratisbon and Munich. At
the Bavarian capital he was welcomed
by the Prince Regent.
Responding to a hurricane of cheers on
starting. Count von Waldersee said hu
morously, "We shall try what can be done
there."
BERLIN, Aug. 2O.-Field Marshal Count
vort Waldersee, accompanied by his staff,
left Berlin this morning en route for
China.
VON WALDERSEE NOW
ON THE WAY TO CHINA
king, is the Chinese official most friendly
to the foreigners, while Prince Tuan, who
is said to have" .followed the Empress
Dowager, is the head of the anti-foreign
element. Yung Lu is probably in com
mand of the imperial forces.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— Judge Wallace of
the United States Circuit Court this after
noon denied the request of United States
Attorney Burnett for a revocation of his
recent order In the Neely case, by which
Neely was remanded to the custody of the
United States Marshal pending an appeal
to the United States Supreme Court from
the denial of a writ of habeas corpus.
Judge Wallace said that he would await
further developments in the extradition
proceedings. .
Wallace's Order Stands.
Bowing Is Active and the Necessity
for the Free Kitchens Will
Soon Disappear.
LONDON, Aug. 20.— The Viceroy of In-
V.&. Lord Curxon of Keddleston, tele
graphs that the heavy general rainfall has
ji'r.i:rni«Hl;iN moht of the affected tracts.
The crops premise well in the central
srovinces and Berar. Sowing is active
Use where and the necessity for free
ritchens will shortly disappear. Prices,
Jowcver. are still very high everywhere,
Tholera is prevalent throughout Hydera
bad and In Bombay.
There are 5.CSS.O00 people receiving re
lef.
PROMISE OF GOOD CROPS
IN CENTRAL INDIA
that Lu Chuan Liu, Governor of Kiang
Su, Bent a telegram on the 14th to the
southern Viceroys and Governors direct
ing them to forward all war: funds to
Shensi. But as an imperial decree was
issued on the 13th the departure, if it
took place at all, must have been subse
quent" to that date. I. have -also learned
from another reliable source that Princes
Ching. Yung Lu and Kang Yi^are still in
Peking, though Prince Tuan has followed
the Empress Dowager."
A telegram dated the 20th from the Jap
anese Foreign Offlce says: "The Japanese
Consul at. Amoy telegraphs V as follows
August 18: j "It is. reported from the inte
rior ]that at Ting Choufu and Lung Yuen
Chou -several Christian chapels were ' de
stroyed by mobs. The .' anti-Christian
movement appears to be spreading toward
the district of Chang Chowfu. , There do
not, however, seem to be any foreign mis
sionaries In the interior.'" ••' t .^-:;:
Prlne« Chine, referred to as still at Pe-
JAPANESE TROOPS iWENT
TO GUARD THE; PALACE
WASHINGTON. Aug. 20.— The, Japanese
legation to-day received several impor
tant dispatches giving the fullest and
latest information of events in Peking. A
telegram dated at Tokio August 19 says:
"After entry into Peking was effected by
the allied troops the Chinese troops on
August 15 betook themselves to and re
mained in the imperial palace. A body of
Japanese troops was told off to guard the
palace' and there met with obstinate re
sistance by the Chinese troops. Fighting
is still going on. The, headquarters of the
Japanese army is in the legation, and the
division Is mainly quartered in the vil
lages outside of An-Ting-Med."
A telegram dated the 19th Inst.. received
from the Japanese Foreign Office, gives
the following dispatch from -the acting
Japanese Consul General at Shanghai:
"From Sheng's statements to me I am
inclined to think there is truth in the ru
mor that the Empress Dowager at least,
if not the Emperor, too. has left for Sl
nanfu via Tao-Ting-Fu.for he told me that
some of the Privy Councilors crossed the
Lukon bridge on the 12th with banners
bearing inscriptions denoting - that they
formed a. part of the imperial escort, and
BRAVE DEFENSE AGAINST
TWENTY THOUSAND BOXERS
rnpIENTSIN, Aug. 7, via Shanghai, Aug. 19.— Father de Hets, aLazarist missionary, has arrived
Vl here.. At a villag-e forty miles to the northwest he with 6000 converts held out for six we^ks against
Boxers armed with rifles and swords. The Mongols numbered 2-0,000. They intended blinding
or killing the whole population. The village officials sent Father de Hets word that he must leave China,
but with a few rifles and a small cannon he held or. until General Sung sent word that the Christians
would be spared, but that they must disarm and Father de Hets must leave for the coast. He was es
corted to General Ma at Peitsan, and had been there for thiee days when Peitsan was taken." The re
maining converts were given one week's food by General Sung, acting under orders from Peking. The
Boxers obeyed his orders. Prince Tuan is undoubtedly the head of the Boxers.
proof, with seven rooms and a bathroom.
The papers criticize Emperor William's
address at Cassel last Saturday, when
presenting to Count von Waldersee a field
marshal's They lay special stress
updn the absence of any allusion to the
capture of Peking and to The Hague con
ference.
The Freisslnnlge Zeitung declares that
the Kaiser's explanation that Russia took
the initiative in accepting the appointment
of Count von Waldersee as head of the
united troops in China is at variance with
the- Russian official version of the ap
pointment. * \
The demand for^an extra session of the
Reichstag is now almost universal. . For
eign Office officials are emphatic in the
assertion that England's great Interests
abundantly justify her landing troops at
Shanghai.
A. semi-official account of China's mili
tary resources, just published, says that
Herr Krupp has furnished to the Chinese
Government since 1895 1694 guns, of which
"6 are nine centimeter guns, and that
English concerns have furnished 244 me
dium guns and 305 small ones.
DENIES STORIES OF
RUSSIAN ATROCITIES
WASHINGTON. Aug. 2O.-The diplomats
connected with the'Russian embassy have
been annoyed by constant reports attrib
uting atrocity to the Russian troops in
China. One of the most notable instances
was an alleged interview with Mrs. Anna
Drew, wife of E. B. Drew, the chief sec
retary of Sir Robert Hart. As a refuta
tion of the sentiments put in her mouth,
Mrs. Drew has ; addressed the following
letter from Chicago under ,date of August
14 to the Russian Embassador. After the
usual opening phrases she says;
.".We , have , been living in Tientsin the
past. year, and I returned from there only
last week. Our steamer was, besieged
with newspaper reporters upon our arrival
at San Francisco, and although I was ex
tremely careful in! what I said' to: them a
great many strange things have been put
into my mouth by some disagreeable peo
ple. The worst of all was an article which
attributed to me the most horrible story
In conclusion, let It definitely be understood
that eu long aa Providence permits me to spr-ak
or labor, I ehall continue the efforts which I
have made for thirty years in the lntetest of
bectional harmony and unity. Whatever I can
do will assuredly be done for the truth of
history, for Justice to the South and to all
section*, for fostering: our cherished memories
for the obliteration of all sectional bitterness
and for the settlement of all sectional contro
versies on a basis consistent with the honor and
the manhood and the self respect of all. I am
as ever; fraternally yours,
. . '..-, ... ''. :r- :-¦;• J. B. GORDON.
2
SAD ERRORS
Says Dr. Bennett. Arc Often Com-
mitted In the Tender Years of Oar
Vonth. Which Rennlt In Manhood's
WeakneMfn The Doctor linnrnn-
teen Ills Electric Delt to Care Old
or Vnune in Every Cane— Look
Oat for Imitation.*.
Weaknesses of men and women usually
result from continued abuses of nature's
plain laws. Indis-
cretions in tender »f\
years and later ex- A\\
cesses produce cer- y'Ji
tain private symp- \» \
toms and the nerves T V
and glands become 1 \ A
affected. The treat- I \
ment must be one I 1
that reaches the en- \ \s*~^i.
tire organism. Thia ft C »
is submitted based \\ r MO -» I
upon ray years of \ c? f*(
experience in treat- \ i-^ \
ing sexual and other \ J V^
weaknesses of men k f
and women. Drugs A f \
cannot cure because \ /f v •* I
they do not reach \|\ //C\7\ \A
the seat of the dia- >v N i 7ST XjL |{
ease. Electricity la 7sT^ \
the greatest natural E£«5rr* >1 T- x^J
strengthener known*^ 1 " Cf f w*>\
to science. It goes *^Tr)lVT^V
away down to the _/-i/\\\r < *'
foundation of your y V \ I
disease and removes / ' /
the cause. "Where / f
my Belt is used to / I
supply electricity If /
guarantee the cure I I
In every case. I I /
could make a great J /
deal more money if I « I
I gave you drugs. V • ' 1
but I could not give x I
you value— for drugs > I
cannot and will not /A
cure these humiliat- i / \
ing and mortifying 'A \
diseases. I \ J
Dr. Bennett's J vj
Electric Belt <~^
Must not be confounded with cheap eler-
tric and so-called electric belts that are
being advertised so extensively. Most of
them are poor imitations of mine. Therw
is as much difference between my Belt
and the others as between, day and nijrht.
My Belt is an Ideal remedy, for in it I
have overcome all the objections of th*»
older style belts— this Is an »ge of pro- ~,
gress. It has soft, silken, chamois-cov- 1
ered sponge water chamber rU'0trr>rie3 ,'
that cannot and will not burn and blister •
as do the bare metal elertrodfs used on
all other belts. Verdigris will form on
these bare metal electrodes and may
cau<<e blood poisoning, and perhaps death.
Some, concerns try tb imitate my Belt by
covering the bare metal electrodes with a
thin veneering of chamois. Electricity
cannot penetrate this covering, but verdi-
gris can. My belt can be renewed when
burned out for only 75 tents: no other belt
can be renewed for any price, and when
burned out is worthless. Guaranteed one
year.
If rnn harr an old-»tyle belt upon
tvliloh verdlertn linn acrnmnlaled. or
If It ulres no earrent. or If It barn*
,onr ntomnch nnd !>nck fall of Iiole».
¦end It to me an Unit payment for
one of mine. My Electrical Sanprn-
M,,rv for the permanent enre of the
privnte nllntenta of men free to
every male patient.
I absolutely guarantee my Belt In every
case to cure Lost Manhood, Vartcocele.
Impotency. Sexual Weakness in either
sex: restore Shrunken or Undeveloped
! Organs; cure Rheumatism in every form.
Kidney. Liver and Bladder Troubles.
I Chronic Constipation. Nervous and Gen-
eral Debility, Dyspepsia, all female Com-
plaints, etc.
Call or write to-day. I will 'send you
my books, literature, etc.. prepaid, free,
for the asking. Consultation and advice
without cost. Sold only by , f
Dr, Bennett gs?ar !
Corner Kearny and Tost St*. 'En-
trance 47 Post St. Rooms S and 6.SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 20.— The. funeral of
Enrico Tomaso was held this afternoon
from the home of his parents, Mr. and
Mrs.- Uriah Thompson; on Soquel road.
The sermon was read. by .the Rev. C O.
Tillotson, rector of Calvary Episcopal
Church, At. Evergreen Cemetery tfio
Tomasd. male quartet sang "Nearer, My
God. to Thee." The music had been writ
ten by! Tomaso for the quartet, and at
his funeral they sang it for the first time.
Burial of Enrico Tomaso.
Special, DUpatch to The Call.
Jhe &aifs Read
Switchman Dies of Injuries.
RED BLUFF, Aug. 20.— Another acci
dent occurred In the railroad yards at
this place about It) o'clock Sunday even-
Ing, resulting in the death of John D.
Greenhall at the County Hospital this
morning.
Greenhall was 20 years old and arrived
In Red Bluff five days ago. being from
Plttaburg, Pa., where his mother resides.
He began work as night switchman. Last
night he ¦was on top of a car, which was
suddenly Jolted and Greenhall was thrown
to the ground. He was caught by the
rods under a car and dragged about sixty
feet. He was taken to the hospital. He
was conscious until a few minutes before
his death, suffering intensely from his in
juries. The Coroner decided that it was
not necessary to hold an Inquest, as the
dying youth stated that no one was to
blame.
James A. Kennedy.
BIGCS. Cal.. Aug. 20.— James A. Ken
nedy of Chardon died to-day after an ill
ness of only twenty-four hours. The de
ceased wa3 a merchant, orchardlst and
postmaster at Chardon. and has been a
resident of Butte County for many years.
If he had lived he would have been a
prominent candidate for Supervisor be
fore the Republican County Convention
to-morrow. The funeral will be held
Wednesday under the auspices of tho Ma
sonic fraternity.
John D. Flower.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— The death of
John D. Flower of the firm of Flower &
Co. of. this city occurred at the home of
his daughter at Proutsnek, Me., last night.
He was stricken with paralysis Saturday
night. Mr. Flower was the head of iho
banking house of Flower & Co. and a
brother of the late Governor Roswell P.
Flower. He was born In Theresa. Jef
ferson County. N. Y.. and was about 60
years old. He leaves a wife and three
children. . .
Judge John Beverly.
AMSTERDAM. N. T.. Aug. 20.— Judge
John Beverly, late of the Superior Court
of the State of Washington, died to-day
at the home of his daughter. Mrs. John
H Bostwick. thl3 city. He was born in
Opp^nhelm, Fulton County, N. Y., June
13, 1S23.
Cordelia Republicans Organize.
SCTSTTN. Aug. 20.— A Republican rally
was held In Cordelia this evening. An ad
dress was delivered by Judson C. Brusle.
After the meeting a local Republican club
was organized.
Fp«>eial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 20.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— James H. StifT
ter, Norwaik; James A. Murphy, McKln-
Th* Comptroller of the Currency has de
clared a dividend of 1 per cent in favor of
the creditors of the Tacoma National
Bank. T^orna, \\a.sh.. making in all 21
CTsk* ™>° n Proved, amounting
P«-r.Fions Issued: California— Original—
£#*¦ P araona - 8: WUbert Shuman. For-
Oregon-Original— John R. Scott. Joseph,
Washlngton-Orifrlnal-Thomaa J May-
V^l'P^B'JS' 1 j? anlel Keely. SilVerton.
$6; Wbeelock W. Carpenter, Pullman, J10.
Pcstoffic* Changes and List of Pen
sions Issued.
niTEBESTS THE COAST.
BpKiaJ Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 20-— Mrs. TV. J.
Y.'alther has recovered her three children
by process of law from the mother of
y'cr- divorced husband, but when Sheriff
Brvse essayed to serve a. citation on
"U'aHhcr ne learned that the latter had
died In San Franclpco this morning. The
etorr is one of human interest.
On May 15 Ia*=t Mrs. Waither obtained
a divorce from her husband In Seattle on
the ground of cruelty. She was also
awarded $10,000 as her share of the com
munltv property, besides the custody of
the children. In order to realize on th»
Judgment she had to go to Dawson .City,
where Walth^r was the proprietor of the
Yukon Irpn Works and also interested In
¦*>v«nj mining claim*. W hen Mrs . \\ a! -
Tftter nturned she was unable to find the
children She ascertained that they h.id
h'f-n taken by Mrs. Anna Waither the
rranrlmothor of the children, to Brltlfah
«. v .!umbia. Later the children were taken
1-^k to Seattle and after a time to Santa
Cruz. »
IV hen tb<» mother finally located them
**.«? attorneys to institute pro
c^.ins-s for their recovery. A citation
was KrretS on the grandmother and one
was issued for service upon Waither.
Whr-n Sheriff Besse went to serve the ci
tation he ascertained that Waither had
<3i*-<l this morning in Ban Francisco. The
hatif-a? corpus proceedings were aband
ons], as the grandmother gave, up the
children.
Etninge Outcome of Proceedings" Se
g-uii in a Santa Cruz Court by
a Idother.
ISSUES A CITATION
FOR A DEAD MAN
Mare Island Navy Yard Is Deprived
of Its Usual Water Supply by
a Peculiar Accident. .
VALLEJO. Aug. 20.— The~ big hydraulic
dredger, while at work digging out the
channel between Vallejo and Mare Island,
ran Into the six-Inch main that takes tho
water from ; Vallejo to Mare Island and
smashed it. The water ran out of the
pipe at its full capacity for six hours. It
wfil be two weeks before a new pipe can
be' laid, it being Impossible to repair the
old one. At present the navy yard is tak
ing water from the large reservoirs and
cisterns there, which are always kept
filled. Workmen are preparing a ' large
barge which; will be filled with water at
Vallejo and towed to Mare Island, where
water will be forced into the distributing
system there by a steam ensjlne. Civil
Engineer Hollyday has received'permis
sion from the Navy Department to let the
contract to lay a new main between Val
lejo and Mare Island. The pipe has been
on hand for several months, but it Is not
intended to lay it until the dredging had
been ¦ completed.
DREDGER DESTROYS A BIG
WATER MAIN NEAR VALLEJO
Special ZHspatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Aug. 20.— The report comes
from Pacific Grove that Mrs. J. Phlea, a
pretty woman of that place, has left her
home, husband and four small children,
eloping with Michael Hinkle, an ex-Span
lsh war volunteer of. Monterey. The
couple left several days ago, but the af
fair did not come to light until noon to
day. 4
Mr. Phles Is an Invalid and has been &o
for some time. The family Is highly re
spected and has lived In the Grove for
several years. The four children are all
quite young and are left In a serious
plight. Hinkle. who is only about IS years
old fought \ln the battle - of Manila In
Company N: Eighth Infantry, and only
returned to Monterey a short time since.
The intimacy was noticed between the
couple, but the unsuspecting husband was
only aware of the truth when his spouse
fled leaving a note of parting to the effect
that she had gone to live with another.
The eloping couple are supposed to be In
San Francisco, and from assertions made
efforts will be made by Mr. Phies to re
gain possession of his wife.
Pacific Grove Woman Aban
. dons Her Invalid Husband
and Four Small Chil
dren.
ELOPES WITH
A YOUNG MAN
VIRGINIA CITT, Nev.. Aup. 20.— In the suit
of the Sierra Nevada versus the Charles Con
solidated Company to acquire title to mining
jrround on Cedar Hill the verdict of the Jury,
after, being out thirty minutes, was unani
mously in favor of the Sierra Nevada Com
pany.
Mr. Loutitt came up from Stockton a
few weeks ago to visit among his old
tllme friends and neighbors, as he was a
native of Calaveras County. James A.
Loutitt. the. Stockton attorney, a brother
of deceased, has been summoned. Dep
uty Coroner Burce of Alokelumne Hill
visited the scene to-day. An inquest was
held. The verdict was death by acci
dental shooting.
William Robertson Loutitt was born at the
old Loutitt home. Mokelumne HUI. Caiaveras
County. In 1SB2. His father was a. blacksmith.
His son, William, learned to shoe horses and
sharpen mining tools. William Loutttt came to
Stockton shortly after he attained his majority
and he has since made Stockton his home. lie
was employed as a clerk In several of the local
stores at various times during his early life
here. He later became an expert accountant.
He never mixed in politics nor took any prom
inent place In any of the Stockton societies, but
was well known and stood high in the opinion
of his acquaintances. He served four years as
Assistant State .Treasurer under Treasurer J.
R. JIcDonald. a SanJoaquin County man. Mr.
Loutitt afterward returned to Stockton and
ensaged In river work with the California
Navigation and Improvement Company.
About eight years ago he suffered a slight
stroke of paralysis during a serious illn*3s.
which left him slightly lame. During the last
year Mr. .Loutitt was employed as purser on
the steamer Dauntless, which piles between
Stockton and San Francisco. He left his posi
tion a. few -weeks ago, ostensibly to take a
trip to Honolulu. He intended galling about
the 1st of September. A week ago to-day he
left on a visit to the home of his boyhood. He
was never married. He is a brother of ex-
Congressman Hon. James A. Loutitt and Mrs.
Chestnut Wood.
¦ Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX ANDREAS. Aug. 20.— This morning
a vegetable man driving 'along the Gwin
mine road found the body of Will A.
Loutitt, dead from a gunshot wound.
Mr. Loutitt, formerly purser of the
steamer Dauntless and an ex-Deputy
State Treasurer, was visiting at the Fol
som ranch near Gwin and had gone out
with a shotgun for a morning's stroll. It
appears he had come to a barb wire fence,
had laid the shotgun upon the ground and
stepped between the wire, then reached
back for the gun and drew it between the
wires toward him. Evidently the trigger
was up and had caught on the wire
barbs and the gun was discharged, the
shot entering his heart. _
Fatal Accident Ends the
Life of W. A. Loutitt, a
Well-Known Stock
ton ian.
KILLS HIMSELF
WHILE HUNTING
¦ The State Board of Equalization met to
night and It was expected by some of the
members that the matter of citing coun
ties to show cause why their assessments
should not be .increased would be deter
mined. v »
State Controller Colgan was In favor of
accepting the figures reported by the vari
ous Auditors to the State Board. Equal
izer. Toland was in favor of the board
adopting a motion not to cite any of the
counties, which would give the Assessors
an opportunity to give their reasons why
their assessments should not be increased
before the tax rate is fixed.
During a discussion between Equalizers
Beamex and L. H. Brown on the subject
Beamer said that the assessment rolls of
the counties are not as equal as they
should be and that they would never be
so as long as the board continues in its
present policy. He said that If the board
accepts Just what the Assessors bring In
the rolls of the different counties will
never be equal. , He said that San Fran-
Cisco's roll, as compared with the rolls
of forty other -counties, was a shame
faced proposition.
State Controller Colgan changed his
motion to agree with the views of Toland.
but before a vote was taken Beamer
moved that the board take a recess un
til 10 o'clock to-morrow morning, which
prevailed. - _
After the board -had adjourned Equal
izer .. L.-H. Brown ,,sald that the amount
necessary to be rfclsed for the present
fiscal year, would be $5,520,997 and that the
tax. levy would probably amount to about
47.8 cents on the $100 and 2 cents for the
State University.
Pav Inspector Bacon's Commission.
VALLEJO, Aug. 20.— Pay Inspector
Bacon, U. S. N., to-day received his com
mission a3 a pay director, with relative
rank of captain. Upon retiring he will
take the rank of rear admiral.
Santa Cruz Naval Beserves Coming.
Special Dispatch to Th* C&1L
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 20.— The Santa Cruz
division of the Naval Reserves are to
participate In the Admission day celebra
tion In San Francisco. The entire division
Is to be present. Transportation is to be
furnished from the divlfion fund and their
m^als will be furnished on . board the
United States ship Marion.
The reserve will leave on Saturday.
September 8, and return pn Tuesday, the
lltn They will participate In the grand
naval parade on the eveninp of the 8th.
Th,. new uniforms for the men weie
given out to-niRht.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 20.— Sarah A. Lowe
is suing George Stafller, a capitalist, to
recover $10,000 damages for injuries sus
tained In a fall, and the case Is now on
trial In the Superior Court here.
The Lowes come time ago rented the
Staffler home, and one evening Mrs. JjO-wq
f<>H down tho back stairs and sustained a
broken arm. ppralned wrist, fractured
ribs cuts and bruises. She brines the
-uit to recover damages for these various
Injuries from the landlord.
for Injuries Due to a Fall.
Special D!*r>atch to The Call.
Santa Cruz Woman Sues a Landlord
WANTS 510,000 DAMAGES.
BURGLABS ABE BUSY.
Midnight Marauders Preying Upon
People of Worldly Substance.
Br^clal rMFitat<" h to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 2O.-The burglars
are still busy In this r.ock of the woods.
Every night some house is entered by
thieves. Last night Judge Veuve of San
Jose, who. with his family, is spending
the summer here, was a loser to the mid
night marauders. The house was entered
while the family was absent and a pocket
book containing papers, which were of no
value to any person l'Ut the Judge, and
a thousand-mile railroad ticket was
Burglars also attempted to enter the
home of W. C. Byrne, who resides in one
of the Pope House cottages. They tried
to enter by way of the window early In
the morning, and were then frightened
away. They returned in an hour and at
tempted to enter by way of the front
door, but were again scared off.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 20.— P. Bonessl
imagined he was a Boxer yesterday morn
ing, and he was athirst for gore. He
sharpened a big, long knife and a big
blat'ed ax, and when they were keen
enough as to edge to split hairs, he rallied
frrth with a blooc-curtiling whoop to
slake his raging thirst for blood. The first
man ho saw was D. W. Thompson, a
firmer
"Aha you my meat! I choppe you Into
de Fmalla mince-meat, and ieeda you to
do feesh'." yelled Bcnessl.
Farmer Thompson "stayed not upon the
order of his going," but with a frantic cry
for help, he sprinted for dear life, with the
ferocious Bonessl gaining at every Jump.
Now, there happened to be a chicken
coop on the premises and with one great
leap Farmer Thompson bounded over that
coop. But the heavy armament of the
Bon n ssi prevented a repetition of this feat,
urA as the pursuer came to the structure
Then it was his eyes fell on the chick
ens and whether, in his frortxled mind, he
conceived the iflf-a that they were "native
converts" or only the "allied forces is
not known, but he sailed into that coop.
There was a great cackling and squawk-
Ing for a few minutes and then dead si
lr-nce Then there came forth the Bonessi
all spattered with gore and triumphant,
and in hls= hand the head of the last
rooster, the proud 0031b drooping, and the
<oul of the Bonepsl^-as satisfied.
An hour later, all his fierce ardor gone,
th<» delected letter of Wood was cooling
bis heda in the bastile of th^ county,
awaiting trial for murderous assault.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One of the Latins of Santa
Cruz Seeks to Do Murder
but Compromises by
Slaying Chickens.
RUNNING AMUCK
OF THE BONESSI
Monterey Republican Club.
Special Dispatch to The Call. r V
MONTEREY/, Aug. 20.— The Republicans
of this place have just organized a new
club to be known as the McKinley and
Roosevelt Club, the following prominent
Republicans being its officers: T. J. Field,
president: Dr. A. Westfall, vice president:
Wallace Clarence Brown, secretary: A. It.
Underwood, treasurer. An executive com
mittee wns elected, composed of F. M.
Hilby, A. Gunzendorfer. A. R. Underwood
A. Schaufelt and W. P. Towle.
The club is started with a large member
ship and much enthusiasm for the fall
campaign Is being evidenced by all. '
San Mateo Democratic Primaries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 2O.-The Demo
cratlc County Committee of San Mateo
County met at the Courthouse this after
noon and issued a call for primaries to be
held In the various precincts of the coun
ty on Saturday, August 25, at which time
.there will be elected sixty-seven delegates
to the county convention, which will be
held at this place, on September 20, and
five delegates to the Congressional and
Senatorial convention, to be held at San
Jose on September 6.
ing, who has lived here for about a year,
walked into a local saloon yesterday af
ternoon and asked for a glass of water.
The water was given him and he emptied
Into the glass a quantity of morphine,
drinking the mixture. A doctor .-was sum
moned, but he arrived too late to save
the man's life. Schilling died a few min
utes later. The following note was found
on his person:
I>ear Sir: Mr parents reside at 1207 East
Tenth street, Indianapolis, Ind. Pleaae notify
them. My bagpage Is at the Ogle House.
CHARLES N. S. SCHILLING.
Tell my mother and sisters to pray.
Schilling's father Is a prominent con
tractor in Indianapolis. He Is also well
connected In Chicago, one of the leading
chemists there being his brother-in-law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Aug. 20.— Charles N. 8. Schill-
SUICIDE AT FRESNO.
Marln's Energetic Sheriff Has
Abandoned King's Trail,
but Says the Slayer
Will Be Caught.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 20.— After nearly
four weeks of absence Marin County's
energetic Sheriff. W. P. Taylor, returned
home from his pursuit of J. E. King, who
is wanted for the murder of S. H. Church,
at the latter's ranch in the northern part
of this county about a month ago.
The scene of the crime was about forty
miles from here, and King had nearly
twenty-four hours' start of Taylor, who
pursued his man through six countied
and only lost the trail In the wild moun
tains of Trinity County.
Taylor's chase of King will rank with
any feat ever performed by a peace of
ficer of this State in pursuit of a criminal.
Taylor's trip took him through Sonoma.
Mendoclno, Teharaa, Shasta, Trinity and
,Slskiyou counties. He covered over 12»K)
miles, and mostly on horseback over some
j of the roughest trails and mountains in
the northern part of this State.
When seen this morning Mr. Taylor
said: '
"I am satisfied that King will be caught.
I lost his trail In the roughest portion of
Trinity County and went on north, where
I put men and olflccrs on the lookout.
King is accompanied by a half-breed In
dian, who is said to have piloted- him
through those mountains once before un
der similar circumstances. They cannot
travel at nieht in that rough country. If
they attempt it in the daytime they will
be captured. They are undoubtedly camp
ed In some of the hundreds of small
glades with which the mountains abound.
The officers all the way to Oregon have
been placed on the lookout, and it is a
miracle if King can escape that way."
Sheriff Taylor was waited on by a large
number of friends to-day, who congratu
lated him on the energy he has shown
in the chase.
COVE1X>, Aug. 20.— Murderer King is
still at large and hiding in the Trinity
mountains north of Covelo. So** says
George Whitney, a member of the Covelo
po.sse. who arrived here yesterday for
supplies for the scouting posse stationed
on Anthony Peak. Whitney believes King
Is alone and in hiding in some rugged
canyon or on some precipitous mountain
peak where he can command a view of all
the approaches to his lair. It is expected
that Sheriff Bergln will have joined the
Anthony Peak posse by the time Whitney
returns. Whitney left' this afternoon for
the mountains with a packhorse with
needed supplies for the posses.
TAYLOR RETURNS
FROM THE CHASE
It was while pursuing his studies that he
came to know intimately the Booth fam
ily and to the day of his death Snowden
cherished the memory of Edwin Booth,
the great actor he had known In his
youth.
When the gold fever era of "43 stirred
the country Snowden's mercurial disposi
tion drove him westward. He shipped for
California, and the home ties severed were
never reknlt. He became alien to his fam
ily and friends. The vicissitudes that came
to so many fortune hungers came also to
Snowden. But he was versatile and adapt
ed himself to new conditions. He tirst
essayed the exposition of the drama, and
In the hurly-burly days of the Argonauts
he strutted . "his. 1 brief hour upon the
stage,"? >TJien he turned to pursuits that
gave promise of more profit. He became
a Jewelry auctioneer, and many a miner
in the halcyon days of gold knew ths
brisk, young, handsome fellow who cried
his wares in the mining towns.'
Twenty-five years ago, in the prime of
lusty manhood. Snowden came to this sec
tion of the State. He followed one voca
tion after another, and finally he became
a hunter and fisherman, and this calling:
he followed till death claimed him.
Snowden's wants were few and his life
simple in his declining years. His house
was humble, yet he ever h*d a pleasant
greeting and a cheery word for his ac
quaintances. Intimate friends he had not
many, and to a few of these only did the
old man ever tell the history of his check
ered career. Shakespeare and Byron were
the old man's favorite authors, and being
gifted with retentive memory he often
entertained . his friends with ilong quota
tions from the plays of one and poems of
the other.
The only known relatives of the old
fisherman are a brother, A. Louden Sncw
den of Philadelphia, formerly Postmaster
of that city, then Director of the Mint lo
cated there, and during President Harri
son's administration Minister to Greece,
and a sister. Miss Maud L. Snowden of
Churchill, Ohio.
RALPH Vt. SNOWDEN, "OLD RALPH. THE FISHERMAN," WHO
PERISHED BY DROWNING OFF THE SALINAS RTVER.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
After life's fitful fever he sleeps well.
WATSON VI LLE, Aug. 20.-
Scholar, argonaut, actor, auc
tioneer, hunter, fisherman,
philosopher— that is the life
of Randolph X. Snow
den—"Old Ralph"'— who at
three score and ten perished in the sea.
The brief summary' tells the ups and.
downs, the happy and the sad days that
came into the life of the sturdy old man
with the fine old face, from which not the
battering: of the years, nor wind nor
weather, that had wrought furrows and
wrinkles and browned the skin, could
erase the stamp of intellectuality. Fato
made him her plaything, and the youth
who had^ been educated to become a
statesman and diplomat, as did his more
fortunate brother, passed the last night
of his life in a little fishing smack, pur
suing his humble calling.
Xo one saw the doom of Snowden. He
was alone when the wave? overturned his
boat and engulfed him. Were it not for
the sunny nature and cheerful philosophy
of the genial old llsherman one might be
led to think that he saw nothing in the
future to live for and sought oblivion In
the sea he loved so well. All that is
known, however, Is that the body of the
sturdy old man was found floating in
Monterey Bay, off the mouth of the
Salinas, on Saturday morning last. His
remains will be laid to rest in "Watson
ville's city of the dead to-morrow, and his
mourning friends, of whom there are
many, will pay their last tribute of affec
tion. * ,
Randolph N. Snowden was born in
Pennsylvania about seventy years ago.
His familv was wealthy and of promi
nence In tnat State. In the best schools of
Virginia he was given a liberal education.
SAX JOSE, Aug. 20.— No wedding
bells rang in this city to-day for
Santa Teresa, the young Mexican
girl who for twelve years has been
healing sick in Mexico, Arizona and
Texas and who has extraordinary
powe-rs over a ha'.f dozen tribes of Indians.
Neither are the bflis likely to ring, not
withstanding all the rumors.
Santa Teresa, whose real name Is Teresa
Urrea, denies the rumor that she is to
rr.arrv and is much annoyed by the
many report* which have been circulated.
She "states that she was married 10 O. N.
Rodriguez on July -2 at Solompnvlue,
Ariz where her husband is at the pres-
Special Dispatch to Ifee Call.
Deware, the young mining- enirtneer
whose name was given as the prospective
groom, is not in this city, but is in Eng
land, where he was taken by his wealthy
father, and has by this time forgotten the
Mexican girl he met amoner the Yaqul
Indians. So says Santa Teresa, and she
probably knows whereof she speaks.
ent time, eo the legal obstacles would pre
vent her marriage to any one else. Her
object in coming to California, she saj's.
was to more successfully treat the child
of a friend afflicted with meningitis. She
passed over lightly her Influence on the
Yaqul Indians, but by her many cures
they have become much attached to her.
Because of this influence she is opposed
by the Mexican Government, which at
tributes to her the cause of many Insur
rections.
SAN JOSE. Augr. 20.— The Central Com
mittee of the Prohibition party has de^
cided to hold Its county convention in this
city next Saturday, Aujrust 2T>. A cim
plete ticket will b« put in the field, with
the exception of Superior Judsre. The
delegates for the State convention, wh'oh
will be held on August 28. will be named
at the county convention.
Santa Clara Prohibitionists.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
First District. Samuel Duncan: Second
District. C. P. Smith; Third District. John
Flanagan. All the nominees are incum
bents.
The following were nominated for dele
gates at large to the State convention to
be held at San Jose. September 6: J. H.
Seawell, J. B. Sanford, E. O. Case. S S
Hayslett. H. B. Hickey. "William Dunn.
J. A. Joyes, F. M. Dooley, George J.
Brown and John C. Lane.
J. C. Ruddock, the nominee for Assem
blyman. Is an attorney at law.
The delegates from three Supervisor dis
tricts met in separato conventions and
nominated candidates as follows:
Mr. Ruddock was nominated by acclam
ation. Mr. Ruddock addressed the con
vention in a speech which elicited muc'a
applause.
At the forenoon session the usual com
mittees were appointed and an adjourn
ment taken until 2 p. m. On reassembling
resolutions were adopted indorsing the
Kansas City platform; condemning t^he ex
travagance of. the recent Republican Leg
islature and the scandals growing out of
the contest for United State3 Senator:
commending the work of Assemblyman J.
B. Sanford in the Interests of labor: con
demning Governor Gage for the unjust ex
ercise of the veto power against the mill
employes: indorsing the Hon. J. H. Sea
well of Ukiah for Presidential elector for
this Congressional district, and pledging
Supervisorial nominees to economical con
struction of permanent roads.
The Hon. J. B. Sanford placed John C.
Ruddock, "the tall redwood of Mendoc.no"
and former grand sachem of the Iroquoia
Club, in nomination for Assemblyman for
this, the Ninth District. J. G. White sec
onded the nomination.
UK1AH. Aug. 20.— The Democratic
county convention met here to-day to
nominate a candidate for Assemblyman
for Mendoclno County, and three Super
visors.
Ex-Senator J. H. Seawell was chosen
temporary and permanent chairman and
J. C. Lane secretary. At the primaries,
held on the 14th. the candidates were
voted for directly, with the understand^;;
that delegates should support in the con
vention the candidates receiving the high
est vote, so there was practically no seri
ous contest in the convention.
For Superior Judges — E. D. Ed
wards, George E. Church.
For Supervisors — J. W. Cate Jr.,
W. P. Manly, J. H. Sayre.
IN" FRESNO COJJNTYf '
(FUSION.)
THERE'S A HOT TIME AT FRESNO
Dramatic Scenes at the Closing of th»
Democratic Council Owinc to
a Bow Over the
Fusion.
»
Social Dispatch to The Call
TN MEXDOCINO COUNTT.
(DEMOCKATS.)
For Assemblyman — Ninth District,
John C. Ruddock.
For Supervisors— First District,
Samuel Duncan; Second District, C.
P. Smith; Third District, John Flan
agan.
SANTA TERESA URREA.
Deputy Sheriff Paine wa= standing- n»ar
the men r:nd jumped between them. He
led Van Mf-tcr a tew feet away and told
him to stay away. The officer then turned
around to attend to Corlew and met him
¦with a iaokknife in ms hand. Paine
grasped h*m ard a scuffle ensued. The
officer had nearly overcome the frenzied
man. when the latter made two or three
vicious lur.jrr-s with his Knife, badly eut
tir.jr Paino's hand and narrowly missing
his breast. Tten he darted around the
officer n.n;l spranp at Van Meter, who had
not yet rr-alized what was taking place.
Th» cry of a bystaTid^r was the first
warning the victim received, and be turn
ed around ir: time to sot the thrust in the
breast, instead of the V.ack.
!•• ;rif a«aJa attempted to arr«?t Corlew.
but the latter would not submit, and
,,r, rnn^o a number of lur.^rs at the
ofTi.'er 'The Deputy Sheriff rrnched for
h!< -r'lstol an<1 the knife wi<-lder WSM
rorred H° closod the knife and quietly
nat It 'in til* pocket. Paine then rushed
Vim W> "•¦ r >'-l- . .
A. V-iT Meter did not renJSz" for a few
that he was •ertotEsly woundeu.
Fie waikf.l tip the street to the »oot or
the BtalrwaF leading to Dr. lying's office.
where he Ml. Tho medical examination
Bhcwod that U» tarffe had .entere^ the
, ; ... - brrast r>»tw<-<--n the thira and fourth
V."'J The third and fourth Intercostal
[1 ires were eerered from the sternum.
Thi» bl ide of th» knife prrrtrated the lung
¦bout -three Inches arrt made a wound
• i ¦•¦<<• !: <-he? In wjdih. P<"> far the h<-mor
rfrnzts^have not been Internal, and the
prtiient La3 oouchfl very litiie. which the
modiral men r^pard as hop.-ful signs.
•"Well, you're a liar, anyhow!" shouted
the candidate for Supervisor. "Blasin
frsme didn't ::ck him."
I'p to tbla time \"r>n Meter had retained
hit '¦'¦mpostire. but the last insult aroused
hir -»n?er. and h-e promptly slapped Cor
lew in the fa.:* 1 .
B'xpir.jranie had whipped Claude Corlew.
a brother of Clilf. about a year before and
Claude had afterward shot him for it.
\~un Motor's remark angered Corlew, and
he replied:
"Whoever pays that Is a liar. too. It
was my brother."
'•Well, may be It was your brother,"
V?n Meter answered, stii! laughing:.
••Don't say that. Cliff." replied Van
Meter, laughing, "nr some fellow will lick
you, as Lee Blasir.game did."
Whoever says fo lies." added he.
1 ne trouble tctweea Van Meter and
Corlew was the result of a mlsunderstand
liig ivgLirajr.g Oorlew's candidacy for Su
pervisor. The 1'opuiist County Convention
".vat In session, ai.U Corlew'a name was to
be presented for the nomination. Other
candidates were B. M. Hague and W. S.
Manly. Coxiew l.iard that a rumor was
1" :r.s circulated thai he was going to
R-iliidrmw and throw his strength in the
convention to Manly. Van Mt-r.er was a
Sate a::0 was supporting Hague. The
mej] met near the corner of Mariposa and
J i--:reets. Corlew (rallied uj» to Van
Meier, and after shaking hands with him.
denied the ruracr tliat he was going- to
withdraw from the race and support
Manly.
FRESNO. Aug. »— E. S. Van Meier,
vice cha'.rir.an at the Popu'.ist State Cen
tral Committee and a well-known lawyer.
v.t. p Bt&bbed a:;-i seriously wounded at 10
o'clock this mornlrg by Cliff Corlew, a
Pcpallst candidate for Supervisor in the
Secor.J District, The affray took place in
the buatcess section of the city and cre
ated the wildest excitement for a few
minutes. Corlew was rushed off to jail
Ly a deputy Sheriff to keep him trom be
iii£: ly&cbed and a xo'o of angry citizens
followed h!m tu the prison door. Van
Meter was carried to the office of Dr.
Long, where Ir.s injuries were attended to.
lie is now resting easy, but the physicians
attending him are ot the opinion that the
chances for recovery are somewhat
s^inti lilrn.
Special Dl??atch to The Call.
Friendly Bantering Between Two
Populists Leads to an Assault
and Kay Result in the
Victim's Death.
RESULT OF- A POLITICAL ROW.
Cliff Corlew, an Aspirant
for Office, Is tie Knife
Wielder.
Serious Wounding ol
Lawyer Van Meter
at Fresno,
STABBING
FOLLOWS
A BLOW
All Is Smooth Sailing in
the Gathering at
Ukiali.
Counties.
Conventions in Men
1 flocinoandFresno
DEMOCRATS
NOMINATE
CANDIDATES
Declares Its Roll, as Compared With
Forty Others, Is a "Shame-
Faced" Proposition—Fa
vors Equalizing.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
.SACRAMENTO, Aug. 20.— The State
Board of Equalization Is In receipt of the '
reports of the Auditors of the various
counties of the State. San Francisco •
County's total assessed valuation for 1900.
outside of railroad values. Is $410,155,304. ,
The total Increase In San Francisco over
1899 Is $5,043,6S9. Twenty-five counties show
a falling oft* In real estate. The falling off
of the total valuation, with the exception
of one county (Modoc), Is In the mining
counties. The following counties have
fallen off In real estate:
Alameda. Amador, Contra Costa, Kl Dorado,
Los Angeles. Madera. Marin. Marlposa. Mer
ced. Monterey. Napa. Placer, Plumai San Ber
nardino. San Diego. San Luis OblspB, San lla
teo, Santa Clara. Shasta, Sonoma, Stanislaus,
Sutter, Tulare. Tuolumne and Yolo.
The total falling i off In real estate
amounts to $2,841,333. The total assessed
valuation of all the counties amounts to
$1,170,516,833. Forty-nine counties show an
Increase in the total assessed valuation
over the year.lS99. Eight counties show a
decrease from last : year's total assessed
valuation. The counties that show a fall-
Ing off In-real estate are distributed as fol
lows: Three' south of the Tchachapl, sev
en bay counties, sever* mountain counties,
six valley counties and two coast counties.
The county that shows the greatest in
crease in total assessment Is San Fran
cisco, amounting to more than five mil
lions.
The following counties show an Increase
In the total assessment of more than $1,
000,000 v Humboldt, Los Angeles, Sacra
menta and Shasta.
The county showing the greatest de
crease Is Marlposa.
If the total assessed valuation of all the
counties as reported by the various Audit
ors is accepted it will, with the total rail
road assessments of $47,711,755, make the
grand total of assessed valuation of prop
erty for 1900 In this State $1,218,228,5SS.
The total assessed valuation of each coun
ty for 1900. not including railroads, as re
ported to the State Board of Equalization
is as follows:
BEAMER'S RAP AT SAN FRANCISCO
Mining Counties Show the
Greatest Falling Oil
in the State.
Total Amount Over
Ullu JJilULUll
Dollars
CALIFORNIA'S
ASSESSED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST . 21; 1900.
THE PASSING OF "OLD
RALPH, THE FISHERMAN"
Strange Career of a Member of a Prominent Eastern
FamilUj Whose Life Went Out in Montereu Bau.
The Revered of the Yaaui Indians Saus She Will Not
Marru Because She Alreadu Has a Husband.
SANTA TERESA WILL NOT
WED ENGINEER DEWARE
3
:"' :: Til! l! HI
COUNTY. : E^< j ° •'¦*
:|||; ¦:" jg
I l?l I j-
Alameda f $84,997.. ! i93| J334.8C1
Alpine 2S3.654 5,774
Amador 4.321.196 ?r68.617
Butte 13.030.2G6 386,141
Calaveras 5,173.3S5 2CO.1SO!
Colusa 11.W5.630 5S2.270I
Contra Costa 15.C21.630I 421,&16|
Del None 1.SSS.323! 100.250
El Dorado 3.69*.K>3 H6.695
Fresno 26.S79.SU 990,597
Glenn 0.901.W9[ 703.397
Humboldt 16.S77.115 1,074.011
Ir.yo 1.779.409 95.636
Kern 13.293.021 B17.C42
Kings fi.CSS.546 501,964
Lake 3.O27.16S ir.2,532
Lassen '. 3.0S2.720 * 203.923
Los Anreles 97.432,277 1.469.940
Madera 5.24fi,433 3O9.623
Martn 11.222,443 123,391
Mariposa 2.029.0M 33M81
Mendoclno 10.2fi6.SS6 10S.471
Merced 12,126.9)!* 243,331
Modoc 2.8S.-..OfiR 106.508
Mono 1.149.666 139.975
Monterey 16.211.230 277.496
Xapa 11.181.855 ' 141.160
Xevada '¦¦ 6.392.920 67.920
Orange 10.297.050 343,380
Placer 7,026,623 163,509
Ptumaa 2,037.516...., 61,819
nivorsldft 10.46».nr>0 22.390
Sacramento 32.K93.O.-U) 1,234.790
San Bonlto 5.R3.\310 276.0S0
San Bernardino 13.290,500 101,980
Pan DlfRO 1S.392.936 21S.032
San Francisco 410.J5S.304 S.043.6S9
Ran Joaquln 29.9.19.2SR 109.B32
San Luis Oblspo ll.4ns.23S 615,801
Ran Mateo 14,107,900 358.005
Santa Barbara 12.S7l.898 611.160
Santa Clara 60.737.465 3.M..295
Santa Cruz 1O.189.5S0 7.010
Shasta 7.671.9SS 1,040,641
Sierra 1,437.190 2,562
Blfklyou 7.354,871 285.218..:
Eolano 16.744.997 780,211
Sonoma 23.S94.270 124.971
Stanislaus 10,S24.7no 394,545
Rutter 1.971,256 33.K21
Tehama 9.963,030 354,350
Trinity 1.4S3.036 14.8S2
Tulnro 13.524.215 508.020 ..,
Tuolumne 5.692.545 92.935..-
Vpntura 7.544.178 520,787
Yolo 15,378,879 2G0.663 ;
Tuba 5.104.410 404.755BERKELEY, Aug. 20.^-The provisional
•schedule for this season's football games
is as follows: ~
September 23— Reliance vs. Stanford.
October 6-^liance vs. California-
October 13— uel'ance v«. Stanford.
October 20— Reliance vs. California.
October 27— IntercoIIeRlate freshman same.
November 3— Reliance \*s. Stanford.
November 6-Reliance va California,
November 10— California vb. Oregon. . '-
November 2»-Intercoll€*l«te tame.
SCHEDULE FOR THE .
YEAR'S FOOTBALL GAMES
if as received In this
//\ city from the United States Consul
ff~~\ at Valparaiso, Chile, yesterday con
firming the news ;of the death in
that citylof Selim E. Woodworth.V
The death of Mr. Wood worth marks
another epoch In the annals of < a family
already famous. His fnther was the,; late
Commodore Woodworth of the United
States navy, and his grandfather. Samuel
Woodworth, > will long be remembered as.
the author of "The Old Oaken Bucket."
A brother, /William, occupies a^chalr ¦ at
Harvard University. ¦'
¦ Selim E. -Woodworth entered the Naval
Academy at; Annapolis in 1S72, graduating
with honors tn 1S77.- He follcrwed the.sea
until 1S91, when he resigned with the rank
of: lieutenant, v At- the outbreak of the
Spanish-American war he volunteered his
His health having suffered in the Philip
pines, he secured passage on the German
ship Luxor; bound for New York. n e
never rounded the Horn, however. His
heart began to trouble him and: he "was
sent ashore at Valparaiso for treatment
The attack proved fatal, and he suc
cumbed to the inevitable on August S.
1 He is survived by a widow, two bright
little boys and- a girl, who live at Berke
ley. His mother. Mrs.; Denntson, resides
In Cambridge; Mass., with his brother
William. Two other brothers/Frederick
A. and Benjamin R. preside in this city.
services and was assigned to the collier
Nero, which was convoyed to the Philip
pines by i the United Slates monitor Mo
nadnock. ' He performed his duties in and
around Manila during the troublous times
following, and at the end of the war re
turned to this- country and tendered his
resignation. . ¦
- . ¦¦¦ * ¦ •
THE LATE LIEUTENANT vSELIM E. W0ODW0E-TH.
HARTFORD, Conn., Aug. 20.— At the
Velodrome track to-night Fenn of Water
bury won the two-thirds, mile amateur
handicap In 1:20 2-5 beathlng, the world's
amateur record of - Kramer, which was
1:23 - .¦ , - ¦ . • " ¦ -V ¦
Kramer's Record Broken.
Larned will now challenge Malcolm D.
Whitman for . the championship. Whit
man played against R. D. Wrenn and
Black this morning in preparation for the
challenge match to-morrow. He showed
excellent form against the two very dif
ferent styles of game. The final match
In the consolations was won by J. A.
Allen of Tale, -who defeated J. P. Paret of
,New York, 4— fi, 6— <0, 6 — 4.
NEWPORT, R. I.. Aug. 20.— W. A.
Larned defeated G. L. Wrenn to-day, In
the all-comers' tennis tournament, which
has been in progress at the Casino court
for a week.
Challenge Whitman.
Lamed Defeats Wrenn • and Will
TENNIS TOURNAMENT.
In the fifth round Maher floored his op
ponent five times. The last time he was
knocked down Haines grasped Maher by
the legs and threw him. He then crawled
on Maher's stomach and punched him re
peatedly.
TRENTON. N. J.. Aug. 20.— Peter Maher
to-night defeated George Haines, a col
ored pugilist of Chicago, better known as
"Klondike," In the llfth round of what
was to have been a twenty-round bout,
before the Trenton Athletic Club. Maher
received the decision on a foul.
George Haines.
Peter Maher Gets the Decision Over
WINS ON A FOTJIi.
The wind was so light and unsatisfac
tory that the committee signaled the
yachts to finish at the end of the first
round, calling the race completed with
the fifteen miles at the end of the first
round of the triangular cours*. -
NEWPORT, R., I., Aug. 23.— Cornelius
Vanderbilt'B Rainbow crossed the finish
line a winner In to-day's race, the eighth
of the series for the $1000 cup. She had
beaten the second boat, Yankee, by 14
seconds, and the Mlneola by 1 minute 9
seconds. It was a fluky day, and the Vir
ginia j?ot the woret of the light airs. She
was 22 minutes 44 seconds behind the
leader. This race gives the Rainbow six
points and the Yankee nine. The Mineola
has tight and the Virginia one.
the Finish Line First.
Cornelius Vanderbilt's Yacht Crosses
RAINBOW WINS A RACE.
KANSAS CITY. Aus:. 20— Kansas City 6
Xllwauke* 4.
BUFFALO. Auf. ».— Buffalo 8, Detroit 2.
CHICAGO, Aug. 20.— Chicago 8, Minneapolis 4
CLEVELAND. Auk. 20.— Cleveland 7, In
diana^o'.ls S.
Minor Games.
ST. I/yUI8, Auk;. 20.— Cincinnati had much
the better of a terrific slufnrtng; match. Younic
was knocked off the rubber and Hughejr. who
f=vcce*<5e<l him. was hit Just as hard. Attend
ance TOO. Score:
Clubs— R, H. E.
Ft. Louli 7 16 1
Cincinnati 15 20 1
Batteries— Toun*. Huchey and Criirer: Brel
tenptein and Kaboe. Umpire — Swartwood.
PITTSBL'RG. Auk. 2O.-Tannehill was »>aBy.
and h5s team was dopey on base running. At
tendance 1200. Score:
Club*- r, h. E.
ratsbun? 2 6 2
Now York 4 13 1
natteri^B — Tannehill and Fchriver: Mercer
end Grady. Umpire — O'Day.
6T. LOUIS. Auk. 20.— John J. McGraw will
not be rnar.a«er of the St. Louis team this
•caaon. despite stories to the contrary.
Clur* — W. .L. Pet. ! Clubs— W. .L. Pet.
Brookls'n E7 SS .€20 Boston 47 48 .494
Pittsbunr ...54 44 .611 Cincinnati ..45 61 .469
Philadelphia. 47 4"? .Sf<5 Pt. LouiB 42 51 .452
Chicago 48 4S .500 X«f York S7 55 .402
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Louis Nine.
Hard-Fought Game "With the St.
CIirCINNATT WINS.
BUFFALO, Aug. 20.— Jim Jeffords of
California secured the decision over Jim
Fitzpatrick of Olean. X. Y., to-nt&ht after
twenty-five rounds of fighting. Fitzpatrick
was all but out at the end of the last
round.
Fitzpatrlck Beaten.
path; Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold vs. R. B.
de B. Lopez & Son's Warribee; Curtis & Son's
Maud S va. Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon; L.
F. Bartels* Baron Blood vs. J. Hurley's Shy
lock Boy; Sterl & Knowles' Blue Mist vs. Irwin
& Lyons' Silver Lyon: H. Lynch's Emma M
vs. J. Keenan's Mira Monte; D. Dillon's Chal
lenger vs. J. Byrnes' Olympus; J. Sweeney's
Lady* Hueo vs. A. I... Austin's Thorndale; J.
P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince vs. J. Hurley's O K
Capitol; H.- Lynch' h Lyddite vs. J. L. Ross'
Jessica; L. F. Cartels' Temple vs. P. .T.
rtellly's Moor.brlght; Pasha Kennels' UecordlnK
Aneel va. Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas; T. J.
Cronin's Daisy Dale vs. J. L. Robs' Wild Wave;
Captain Kane's Wanderine Tom vs. Sterl &
Knowles* Amorosa; T. \V. Uartels' Betsy Baron
vs. George Sharman's Annie Lawrence; Rub
sell, Allen & Wilson'* Julius Caesar vs. T. J.
Cronin's Vixen; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Crawford Rex vs. D. Dillon's Europa; Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Miss Allen vs. H. Lynch's
Llnton; J. H. Perigo's Pennierante vs. Curtis
& Son's Old Glory; E. M. Kellogsr'a Lady Gil
more va. W. Cairn's Imperial; Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Sea Breeze vs. Pasha Kennels' May
Hempstead; Pasha Kennels' Roundabout vs.
F. A. McComb'a Storm King; Curtis & Son's
Vanity Fair vs. A\ L. Austin's Los Angeles;
R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Sarah va. Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma; H. Murray's
Jolly Rcver vs. J. Keenan's Lundin Links; J.
R. Smith's Victor Queen vs. W. Kramer's
JeSFe Moore; Pasha Kennels' Rapid Addition
vs. H. A. Deckel man' a Le Roy; R. E. da B.
Lopez & Son's Warrigal vs. George Kharnian'i
Bowery Boy; L. F". Bartels" Beer Brewer vo.~
J. McNeil's Black Hawk.
J. M. Halton's Tic Tac vs. J. Dean's Gal
lant; R. E. de B Lopez & Scm"s Minnewawa
vs. P. A. McComb's Motto; i'asha Kennels'
Rollicking Airs vs. E. M. Kellogrgr's Hummer;
The Union Park Coursing Association
held the draw last night for the midweek
reserve stake on Wednesday. The entries
show an unusual number of fine dogB and
the coursing should be of excellent qual
ity from the first round to the last. The
prizes will be the same as in former mid
week events. The result of th'e draw is
as follows:
Draw Brings Fleet Hounds of Known
Ability Together — Sixty-Four
Bogs Entered to Com
pete.
Midweek Entries Include a
Number of Stake
Winners.
FAST DOGS FOR
RESERVE STAKE
AT UNION PARK
At a meeting of the Pacific Inter-Club
Yacht Association, held yesterday at the
Merchants' Exchange, the following were
present: President G. E. Billing^ in the
chair, ex-Commodore T. F. Tracy, Colonel
Eastwood, J. M. Mattoon. Dr. C. L. Tls
daie, C. F. Michaels, Commodore J. ri.
Hanley, R. R. l'Hommedleu and R. F.
Pfcckham.
A deputation of three members of the
regatta committee of the semi-centennial
celebration of the Native Sons of the
Golden West was introduced and request
ed that the annual regatta of the associa
tion be made an important feature of the
celebration, and that as many yachts a*
possible take part in a parade along the
water front on September 9. The deputa
tion also announced that an appropriation
of $350 had been made for prizes, to be
awarded in such a manner as the associa
tion may*leem fit.
It was decided that the annual regatta
of the Inter-Club be held on
September 11, and that a parade of yachtH
on Sunday, September 9, be substituted
for the annual cruise. "The following are
the members of the regatta committee
having the regatta and parade in charge:
R. R, l'Hommedieu of the California
Yacht Club, chairman; C, L. Tisdale of
the Encinal Yacht Club, H. Gibbs of the
San Francisco Yacht Club, T. F. Tracy of
the Corinthian Yacht Club and F. E.
Coykendall of the South Bay Yacht Club.
The committee on the selection and pur
chase of trophies consists of A. M. Clay,
R. F. Peckham, C. F. Michaels, Orlo East
wood and J. R. Savory. T. F. Tracy was
appointed a committee' on tugboats and
R. It. 'l'Hommedleu a committee on
Etakeboats.
Two flags In addition to the trophies are
to be awarded to the yachts taking first
and second places In each class. R. R.
rHommedieu and Dr. C. L. Tisdale will
act as Judges, and H. Glbbs and F. E.
Coykendall as timers at 'the annual re
gatta. O. Eastwood, the secretary of the
association, will prepare the circulars and
H. Gibbs will look after the racing num
bers to be carried by the yachts.
Ex-Commodore A. M. Clay stated that
he had ommunicated with J. M. Macdon
ough with regard to the fifth of the scries
of Macdonough cups to be awarded, to the
winner In the thirty-foot class, and had
received a reply by cable authorizing the
association to order the trophy. The com
mittee on trophies will meet to-day to
select a design for the cup. It is under
stood that J. M. Macdonough will present
a second series of prizes, to be awarded
each year fov another period of five years.
It is probable, however, that the $250
awarded annually will be split up Into two
or even three prizes, instead of being ex
pended as heretofore upon a single tro
phy. In this way a large number of en
tries can be secured In two or three
classes, as the clubs are stronger in the
36-foot class than in 30-footers. The start
will be by the fire of a single gun. It Is
likely that several of the South Bay fleet
will be seen in the coming regatta, as the
South Bay Yacht Club has become a
member of the association.
Semi-Centennial Celebration Commit
tee Awards a Large Sum. to Be
Expended in Prizes at
Inter-Club Regatta.
J. M. Macdonough Presents
a Fifth Trophy for
Thirty-Footers.
SPEEDY YACHTS
WILL RACE FOR
HANDSOME CUPS
Trwenty-Five Rowers, Swimmers and
Trackmen Will Leave for
the North.
The rowers, swimmers and track ath
letes of this city who will strive for prizes
on the athletic field and in the aquatic
contests at Astoria, Or., will start,to-day
for the scene of action In the north.
Altogether there will be twenty-five in
the party, most of whom are oarsmen
representing the various local clubs. The
Astoria carnival of water and field-sports
will begin on August 23.
The Olympic Club will represent Cali
fornia on the track and fleld. A team of
four men, all active Olympians, will wear
the winged O In the carnival contests, w.
J. Cutter will enter the pole vault event,
George Burgees in the sprints., Fred Bur
ees« in the middle distances and R.
Thomas in the hurdles. Alex Pape and
Lester Hammond will do^ the swimming
for the Olympic Club.
One of the principal events on the card
Is the mile relay race, four men to ea«h
team. The four Olympic track men will
be seen In this event.
ATHLETES TO START
FOR ASTORIA CARNIVAL
|?F "SAPHO" had not been so exten
sively advertised by the police, it would
jj, probably have died an early and natu
ral death. In the four-act version pre
sented by the Frawley company at the
Grand Opera-house last night there was
one act of healthy, human feeling and
three acts of unwholesome, grutter sentl
mentalism. To have to sit through the
three acts for the sake of the one. Is a
penalty heavy enough to crush out a ten
dency to vice in even the most promising
criminal.
Miss Wakeman struggled through the
part of the mendacious heroine (?) with
an energy worthy of a better fate. Her
voice was better attempered to her task
than usual. and hence was more pleasing.
Her register is pitched so low, however,
that when she employs less force than the
ordinary her tones are lost in the huge
recesses of the Grand Opera-house stage;
much of the first act was quite inaudible.
Mr. .Reynolds played Jean Gausson in ex
cellent taste, never ranting and never be
coming feeble. Miss Van Buren made a
charming Irene and carried the audience
with her in the only wholesome act of the
play— the third. Nobody else had any
thing particular to do, and all did it well.
One feels really sorry for intelligent
men and women obliged to earn a living
by playing In such stuff as this. "Sapho" as
a book shows how an unsavory subject
may be partly redeemed by pubtlety in
character study and by great skill In liter
ary presentation. "Sapho" as a play
takes only the bare outlines of a horrible
story and exhibits them under the fierce
glare of the footlights in all their naked
crude.ness. True, "Sapho" Is indeed a raw
and bleeding "slice of life," to use the
favorite nhrase of the Decadents, but all
slices of life are not fit for public carving..
Pig pens, equally with rose gardens, are
parts of life; but no healthy man prefers
Mr. Lee announced that Chief of Pollct
Sullivan had objected to his placing his
sleeping subject In a -Market street show
window and he was therefore obliged to
Sylvain A. Lee and his company of hyp
notists gave their second performance in
this city at the California last evening to
a full house. The Cakewalk and the yacht
excursion were the humorous features of
the entertainment.
California,
The "Wagnerites were'out In full force
last evening at the Tivoli Opera-house to
hear the first production of the favorite
"Tannhauser" that has been given at the
popular little theater, and much praise Is
due the enterprising management for the
manner In which this dlrflcult opera Is put
on. The orchestra has been enlarged to
forty pieces, which, considering the size
of the house, fully approximates to the
orchestra used during the grand opera
season by Grau at the Metropolitan Opera
house, in New York. It is also admirably
evident that rehearsals have not been
spared. From, the standpoint of smooth
ness, attack, good ensemble work gener
ally. It is rarely Indeed that a first-night
performance of so difficult an opera as
"Tannhauser" equals that given last night
at the Tivoli. In other directions the
opera was a surprise.
Miss Efflo Stewart, who made her first
appearance this season in the role of
Elisabeth, shows a considerable advance
on her good work of three years ago. Her
voice is magnificent. Absolutely true in
intonation, without the shadow of a vi
brato, sweet and powerful and of splendid
range, her Warner interpretation Is whol
ly admirable, that Is as far as the vocal
effort goes; Miss Stewart's acting is bet
ter left undone. Anna Lichter's Venu3
was the best bit of work she has done
this 'season. ' She looked, acted and sung
in thoroughly Eatlsfactory fashion.
Avedano is not happy in the part of
Tannhauser. His temperament like that
of Salassa, Is too essentially Latin to be
at ease in the phlegmatic, leisurely pro
gress of the Wagnerlan music drama, and
though the voices are there the unntness
.of the Teutonic musical atmosphere makes
itself felt. William Schuster did excel
lent service with his valuable bass voice
as, the Landgrave, and the whole produc
tion is one of strong musical interest to
j the community. •
••^Ilgnon," with the Russo. Repetto, Nlc
ollnl, Polltlnl cast will alternate.
Tivoli.
"Sapho" was reproduced , last night a.*.
the Alcazar Theater and the house wa3
packed. The cast was the same as on its
previous j presentation, with two excep
tions. Clarence Arper playing the part of
Dechelette and Ernest Howell, Caoudal.
Florence Roberts in the title role was as
successful if not more so than before and
she was admirably supported by White
Whlttlesey as Jean Gaussln, her lover.
They were repeatedly called before the
curtain at the close of the second and
third acts. Miss Roberts Is seen in liter
best as Sapho, the part being suited to
her emotional temperament. There should
be crowded houses during the week.
Alcazar.
No review of "The Only Way" would be
complete without a more than passing
notice of the wonderfully realistic mob
that helped to create the stirring picture
of the tribunal scene.
Another old favorite tnat got round af
ter round of applause even before he had
a chance to utter his first line was dear
old Stoddard. Stoddard came all the way
from New York to take up his original
part of M. Lorry, in Ernest Deiargs
Morgan finds a congenial role, one that
tits his clenched teeth and sullen look*.
Worthing was happily cast both in pro
logue and play, first as the roue Marquis
and after as the noble, sacrificing son,
suffering for his father's sins. Daniel
Harkins was a convincing Dr. Manette.
The best of "The Only Way" falls to
the men. The women of the cast have
comparatively little to do. Miss Margaret
Robinson looked after the joys and sor
rows of Lucie Manette In a not altogether
unpleasing way. Miss Elliston made
rather a vigorous Mimi.
"The Only Way" Is a lesson in history
and to this end the actor-manager ha.-.
called successfully to his aid the craft
of the property man, the stage carpenter
and an intelligent chorus. As Sidney
Carton Mr. Miller is at his best. Makeup,
gesture, tone, all go to paint' an enduring
stage picture. Tfte gorgeous glittering
audience last evening did not fail to rec
ognize this fact and palm music and boot
thunder testified their appreciation.
Painted In broad splashes of blood and
told In crescendo is Freeman Wills' dra
matic version of Dickens' "Tale of Two
Cities," "The Only Way." With honor
the play may stand beside the story. It
is not necessary to have read the latter to
appreciate the former. Those who know
and love "The Tale" will find naught in
the play to condemn. Lake unto the privi
lege accorded the poet is there also a
privilege accorded to the dramatist. Wills
has not been slow to take advantage of
the dramatist's license, and with a deli
cate hand, that has neither marred nor
desecrated, he has omitted some charac
ters, given Madame Defarge strength and
hatred to Monsieur Defarge, and idealized
a nameless little milliner, making her
stand forth in iaithful. tender little Mirai.
Like a tactful host ivhller kept his be»t
for the last, and after ottering generously
the gay, the bright and the light, he u
bounteously finishing the feast with the
strong.
to have his 'home surrounded by pig pens
rather than by rose gardens.
L. DUPONT SYLE.
Columbia.
Olympia.
The Olympia bill for this week is well
up to the usual average. The seventh
series of Conradi's living statuary Is good.
comedians, appear In their laughable ac"
"A Barrel of Fun." Silvia Pueraii sings
several operatic selections In a pleasing )
manner. Other numbers on the bill are
Baby Ruth Rowland, La Lista the fire
dancer. Kalacratus the Juggler. Zaveila
the mimic, the lion act and new moving
pictures.
*\i j_ J
Chutes.
The Chute-*; has an attractive and Inter
esting bill. Lord and Rowe, acrobat c
At Fischer's concert house a b!g audi
ence enjoyed the new programme las.i
night. Particularly good were the Watc
man sisters in their songs and dances and
Martin and RIdgway. tantoratmisi.i <*.. .
burlesquers. Irene Franklin, the comec
soloist, played new numbers and Eudora
Forde. contralto, changed her selection?.
Miss Forde has made a hit here for thro
weeks. The Berlin sisters, vocallsis. also
offered new selections. Hlnrichs" orches
tra was up to its usual form and the
moving pictures were most entertaining.
Fischer's Concart -House.
Mrs. Bessie Blitz-Paxton'3 reception at
the Orpheum last evening amounted to
an ovation. Mrs. Paxton ia not alone a
pleasing vocalist, but has as well a pleas
ins personality, which has won for her
the entire appreciation and sympathy o'
her audiences. Among the new number-*
on the bill are several of exceptional
merit. Bruno Arnim and Bertha Wagner
prespnt the operatic trevesty. "Opera in
the Kitchen," which Is. to say the least,
an oddity. The four juggling Johnsons
are among the best in their line and ttv?
Xewsky family. Russian specialty per
formers, are specially entertaining. Lew
Hawkins, blackface monologist, has j
store of new Jokes and deals them out t<:
suit the humor of his audience. Sam
Morris and company. Caroline Hull an:l
Macart's dogs and monkeys complete an
excellent bill.
Orpheum.
put the subject to sleep In the niche op
posite the ticket office at the entrance to
the theater, where he will remain asleep.
Mr. Lee saya, until to-morrow night at
10:20 o'clock.
HENRY MILLER AND J. H. STODDARD IN "THE ONLY WAY." *
month before the day set for the cere
mony.
The invitations to the wedding ax© quite
the handsomest of any that have ever
been seen here, and were got up by Tif
fany, In New Tork. The style is also
quite different from that In use In this
city, and substitutes for our usual "re
quests the honor of your presence," "re
quests the honor of — • with the name of
the Invited guests written out. Another
Eastern fashion followed Is the early
sending out of the invitations — one full
5? XVITATIONS have been received hero
to the wedding of Miss Mabel Anna
|i McKinley and Dr. Hermann Ludwig
Baer, which takes place Wednesday
evening, September 12, at McKinley,
Somerset, Pa. Miss McKinley is the
niece of the President and the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Abner McKinley. The
man of her choice is a young physician,
& recent graduate of the Jefferson Medi
cal College of Philadelphia.
SARATOGA, N. T.. Aug. 20.— Far Rock
eway won the second part of the Grand
Union Hotel stakes thiB afternoon by a
head from Lady Schorr, with Longshore
man only half a length away. For the
first time in over a week the track was in
good condition, and the time made Jn the
several events was fast The best finish
of the day was In the last race. Four
ftarted— Bannockb,urn, Advance Guard,
Gonfalon and The Kentuckian. The latter
vas favorite, but the others with the ex
ception of Gonfalon ¦were also heavily
backed. The Kentuckian and Gonfalon
made all the pace, with the latter's head
r howlng in front at the finish by a narrow
margin. The winner was at 9 to 1. King
r.ramble. won by a length from Lord Balti
more in the mile and three-sixteenths
handicap. The latter was disqualified for
fouling Alsike during the run down the
bark stretch, and Kunja. who was third
at the finish, was placed second and Wait
Not third. McCue. who rode Lord Balti
more, was puspended for three days for
foul riding. Gala Day and High Jinks
¦won their races very easily, and as thre°
favorites won the penciiers had slightly
the worst of the argument. Summary:
Non-wir.ners In 1?59, six furlongs— Gala Day
«M, Godfrey second. Excels!* third. Time,
1:1*.
Handicap, mile and three-sixteenths — KInir
Bramble wrm, Kunja eecond. Wait Not third.
Time. 2:rui.
Grand Vrion Hotel Ftakes. part two, value
jf/tfu.. ji<w> to (unwind and tSOO to third, six fur
lnnirs — Far K-K-kaway won. Lady Pchorr sec
ond. Longshoreman third. Time, 1:14\.
One ml!*. M-llin^-High .Tinks won. Villa V
fpcond. Hoods Brigade third. Time. 1:41H-
On<" milp anil a furlong — Gonfalon won. The
K«^nturklaTi wwond. Advance Guard third.
Time, 1:IZ\.
DETROIT. Aug. 20.— Sackatuck and
Bummer were the good things at High
land Park to-day. Emil Zola was backed
from 50 to 1 to 15 to 1 in the fourth event,
but was never in the hunt. Summary:
Six furlonffa, eelling— S&katuck won, Jennie
second. Mound Builder third. Time. 1:15.
Four and a half furlongs— Macgie W won.
>Iu<ider B»cond. Maltese Cross third. Time. :E6.
One mile and twenty yards, selling- — Lady of
the West won. Windward second. Highland
Prince third. Time. l:45Vi.
Six furlonjrs — Bummer won. Sweet Caporal
eecond. Nancy Till third. Time. 1:15H-
Five furlong*— Donna Zeay won. Toad RaJney
eecond. Lady Edith third. Time, 1:02%.
Seven furlongs— George H. Ketcham won.
Old Fox second. Fessie F third. Time, 1:29H-
DETROIT, Aug. 20.— The attendance at
Windsor was large and the betting good.
The track was slow on account of heavy
ralr.s yesterday. Summary:
Four and a half furlongs— The Bronze Demon
von, Virile d'Or eecond. Crescent Queen third.
Time, :S7*j.
t^ix furlongs, »ell!r.&— Benckart won. Prentice
Ti>ung second, Dolly Wagner third. Time,
JrlT 1 *.
Seven furlonfr* — Triune won, Prlne* of India
tfcond. I »ousterswlvel third. Time. 1:32.
One mile and a sixteenth. eelUnfr— Fartasy
won. Topmast second. Beau Ideal third. Time,
l:SHfc.
Fiv« and a half fortonrs, eelllne— Rebecca
TV ells wen. Ode second. Tb« Tory third. Time,
I:lu.
Seven furlongs, selling-— Innovator won, Al
caskey eecond. Bonnie third. Time. 1:31.
ST. LOT is. Aug. SO.— The feature of to
day's racing at the Fair Grounds was the
handicap at seven furlongs. The race
proved quite an upset, as Colonel Gay, at
15 to 1. won from the favorite, Pinochle,
In a tremendous drive !n the stretch.
"Weather warm; track fast. Results:
One roil*- arid a Flxte^nth. s«»Hln*r— Chorus Boy
¦»"n. Life King second. Mitt Boykin third.
1 :n;e. : :4it'. t .
Six furljnes. Felling— La Mascotta won, Dora-
JW second. Amelia Btrahnvead third. Time,
1;'-*.
Fir* end a half furlongs— Wall won, Tony
l^pring: second, George W. Jenkins third.
Time, 1:CS.
Handicap, five furlonrs— Colonel Gay won.
Pinochle second. Libhle third. Time, 1:27V
One mile. seUinc—lda Ledfcrd won. Two An
r:es second.' Malay third. Time, 1:43**.
Fix and a half furlong*, selling— The Barris
ter won. Miss Bramble second. E'.gtit Bells
third. Time, 1:21V
CHICAGO. Aug. 20.— The Unknown eas
ily captured the Olympla stakes, the feat
ure of the opening day of the Hawthorne
Jockey dub's midsummer meeting. Re
gardleis of The Unknown's victory In the
(Senior stakes at Harlem last Saturday,
lha bookmakers laid S> to 1 against him
said at post time he was heavily backed.
KIght guod sprinters out of the twelve
original entries accepted the conditions in
th>» second race at six furlongs. Head
vater wus made favorite, but had only a
fclvide the best of Found, who. figuring on
tier la^t few races, in which she had a
v url-1 of speed at three-quarters of a mile,
seemed anc to beat those opposed to her.
There wa.« also a good play on Great Bend
o::d Hennosa, at 5 to 1 and 7 to 2 respec
tively. Summary:
Four and a half furlong*— Bengal won. The
Klk per ml William Bayer third. Time. £2%.
>!x furlong*— Lennep won. Pound uecond.
Headwater third. Time, 1:1s 1 *.
"ive and a half furlong-s— Silurian won. Satin
CV ct second. Princess Tauyam third. Time,
< »ne mile, the Olympia stakes — The Unknown
Won. The Lady pecood. Eva Rice third. Time.
1:<S4.
Xltie and a sixteenth — Frangible won, Hans
f < rd second. Kentucky Babe third. Time,
< me mile and an «J|rhth— Prince Blazes won,
Hub Praihfr second. Maey third. Time. 1:5S.
Colonel Gay "Wins From Pinochla in
a Tremendous Drive on the St. .
Louis Truck and Sur
prises the Talent.
Headwater, the Favorite,
Comes in Third at the
Hawthorne Meet.
OLYMPIA STAKES
EASILY TAKEN BY
THE UNKNOWN
2:80 class, trotting, the Blue Hill stake, value
J5000. best three In five-Annie Burns won first,
second and fifth heats In 2:141,4, 2:14% .2 14.
Dlllonlte won third and fourth heats in 2-»U.
2:15. Gracle Onward. Mr. Mlddleway, Electric
Wllkes. Kalevala. Ebba. Belle Curry. Pepplna,
Leonard Bell and Bert Herr also started.
2:12 class, pacing, purse flO<X>-Gyp V, .ajnut
won first, third and fourth heats In 2:10V*, J-^J?'
i:14V4. Little Frank won second heat in .:i<J-}i.
Early Bird Jr., Tonita F and Joe Bauleham
& 2 •n'efass, pacing, purse $1000-rGentry's Treas
ury won in three etraieht heats. Time, 2:11,
210 2:11. Fred S. Wedgewood, Ituta. Jennie
Mac. Garnet, Rex, Victor, S; Satan, Rosalet,
Bethel. The Private, San Telmo, Braden,
Junoco, Alberta and Mlstura also started.
Foals of 1897 purse J2000— Major . Delmar won
second and third heats In 2:15. 2:16*4. Emma
Winter won first heatJn 2:15. Iva Dee, Sonata,
Juniutara. The Tramp. Nam|a, Krakatoa,
Dreamer and Gusi^roo also "started.
The 'nterest centered in the big stake
race, the Blue Hill, In its fifth renewal
and eleven horses faced the starter. All
eyes, however, were on Annie Burns, who
fulfilled expectations Immediately by
winning the first two heats, although
pressed hard in the first by Middlemay.
Just after the start in the third heat the
mare went into the air and danced there
until the field was an eighth of a mile
away, and it became a race between the
favorite and distance flag. In the mean
time Dlllonlte, who had gone through the
field and taken the lead, captured the
heat. The horses were held back a bit
in the last half, so Annie Burns gt>t In
side the flag. The fast sprint, however,
told so severely on her that Dlllonlte won
the third heat jogging under the wire.
The fifth heat settled matters, for while
Dillon! te - took the lead at the start and
held It to the three-quarters, Annie Burns
went right at his wheel and simply beat
him out. Grade Onward passed Dillonlto
at the wire.
Neither Burns nor Walnut had an easy
thing, for It took five heats to decide the
Blue Hill and four for the pace. The 2:17
pace went to Gentry's Treasury in
straights, though Fred % Wedgewood was
looked upon as a certainty, while in the
three-year-old trot C. W. Lawson's
Dreamer, the hottest favorite, was dis
tanced at the outset.
BOSTON, Aug. 20.— There was every in
centive for good racing at the opening of
the grand circuit meeting at the Read
vino truck this afternoon, for the track
was fast and a big field In each event
made the heats interesting. Although
two favorites lost, the winning of the big
stake— the Blue Hill— by Annie Burns and
the fast pace by Gyp Walnut evened up
matters to everybody's satisfaction.
Fast Track and a Big Field in Each
Event Make the Heats Inter
esting on the Opening
Day.
Takes the Blue Hill
Stakes.
Pressed Hard, the Favorite
ANNIE BURNS
DOES GOOD WORK
AT READVILLE
ASKED TO THE WEDDING
OF PRESIDENT'S NIECE
TWO PLAYHOUSES DAZZLE PATRONS
WITH THE POLICE-VISED "SAPHO"
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, •AUGUST 21 , 1H0O.
DEATH OF LIEUTENANT
WOODWORTH CONFIRMED
4
:"' :: Til! l! HI
COUNTY. : E^< j ° •'¦*
:|||; ¦:" jg
I l?l I j-
Alameda f $84,997.. ! i93| J334.8C1
Alpine 2S3.654 5,774
Amador 4.321.196 ?r68.617
Butte 13.030.2G6 386,141
Calaveras 5,173.3S5 2CO.1SO!
Colusa 11.W5.630 5S2.270I
Contra Costa 15.C21.630I 421,&16|
Del None 1.SSS.323! 100.250
El Dorado 3.69*.K>3 H6.695
Fresno 26.S79.SU 990,597
Glenn 0.901.W9[ 703.397
Humboldt 16.S77.115 1,074.011
Ir.yo 1.779.409 95.636
Kern 13.293.021 B17.C42
Kings fi.CSS.546 501,964
Lake 3.O27.16S ir.2,532
Lassen '. 3.0S2.720 * 203.923
Los Anreles 97.432,277 1.469.940
Madera 5.24fi,433 3O9.623
Martn 11.222,443 123,391
Mariposa 2.029.0M 33M81
Mendoclno 10.2fi6.SS6 10S.471
Merced 12,126.9)!* 243,331
Modoc 2.8S.-..OfiR 106.508
Mono 1.149.666 139.975
Monterey 16.211.230 277.496
Xapa 11.181.855 ' 141.160
Xevada '¦¦ 6.392.920 67.920
Orange 10.297.050 343,380
Placer 7,026,623 163,509
Ptumaa 2,037.516...., 61,819
nivorsldft 10.46».nr>0 22.390
Sacramento 32.K93.O.-U) 1,234.790
San Bonlto 5.R3.\310 276.0S0
San Bernardino 13.290,500 101,980
Pan DlfRO 1S.392.936 21S.032
San Francisco 410.J5S.304 S.043.6S9
Ran Joaquln 29.9.19.2SR 109.B32
San Luis Oblspo ll.4ns.23S 615,801
Ran Mateo 14,107,900 358.005
Santa Barbara 12.S7l.898 611.160
Santa Clara 60.737.465 3.M..295
Santa Cruz 1O.189.5S0 7.010
Shasta 7.671.9SS 1,040,641
Sierra 1,437.190 2,562
Blfklyou 7.354,871 285.218..:
Eolano 16.744.997 780,211
Sonoma 23.S94.270 124.971
Stanislaus 10,S24.7no 394,545
Rutter 1.971,256 33.K21
Tehama 9.963,030 354,350
Trinity 1.4S3.036 14.8S2
Tulnro 13.524.215 508.020 ..,
Tuolumne 5.692.545 92.935..-
Vpntura 7.544.178 520,787
Yolo 15,378,879 2G0.663 ;
Tuba 5.104.410 404.755
ADVEBTISEaffENTS.
All the time, eating irregularly, J
sleeping irregularly, exposed j
to every disease latent in bad /jrtgaj
cooking or poor food; that'3 J^J3
a summary of the traveling C3JS3
man's life. The result is 7J*^a
"stomach trouble"; that fjen- m* r\
eral term which covers various jN&L
forms and stages of dis- ££*L'*$'
ease of the organs of di- §*&$$.
gestion and nutrition. u*ffl$$£
The traveling man can't &$&**$
avoid the troubles which WWsym \
spring from his business mffirjiM'i
obligations. But he can tMmflWt :
avoid "stomach trouble." ffiS&MZfflym
If Dr. Pierce's Golden hiMffijfyLjd
Medical Discovery is used jfc^A^M
when the early fiy)$8sB&
symptoms of de- ***&&& tftfflvfSB
rangcraent of the nila'M |^9a;\>S
stomach manifest mWlBijja \m
themselves, the core !l!f/3>/«Mi ¥&*
will be quick and \3
radical. But even if^M la
if the disease has become l«?3 $ v y
chronic the "Discovery" \*jFU « T
will cure ninety - eight f'f^M i\
times out of every hun- fjia t\
drcd if tried fairly and l'j|;S |]
Mr. Ned Nelson, th» c;l- ifjj^W»ffiSr**3
ebrated Irish comedian **"^ «|
and mimic, of 577 Royden *"|
St.. Camden, N. j.. writes: "We ftilfined an
engagement of twelve weeks and the con-
stant traveling gave me a bad touch of that
dreaded disease called dyspepala. I had
tried ererythingr possible to enre it till last
•week, while playing: «t B. F. Keith'a Bijou
theater. Philadelphia, in the Nelson trio, a
professional friend of mine advised me to
try Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discover*
X tried it, and. thank Cod, with good resulu."
Free ! Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser, 1008 pages, 700 il-
lustrations, is sent free on receipt of
stamps, to cover expense of mailine
only Send 21 one-cent stamps for
the book in paper covers, or 31 stamps
for thesame book cloth-bound. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce. Buffalo. N. Y.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
K*^2m^ n\ K»a my 'street, 9. F* tnr
v 82fi« S ck f anl *SrtKMiss Ball came to San Francisco with i
diploma from the Cooper Arb Union of
New York. On the strength of this sh.*
obtained a certificate, which the Board of
Examiners now claims was Illegal for the
reason that the diploma was not official
in this State. Judge Sanderson. Miss
Ball's attorney, says he will fight the
matter.
Twentieth Century Club Officers.
OAKLAND, Aug. 20.— The Twentieth
Century Club to-night elected the follow
ing named officers: President. Judge 3.
P. Hall: vice president. A. H. tlllott.
secretary, F. H. Clark; treasurer. D. L..
Lyon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Aug. 20.
Miss Mary Morss. daughter of George A.
Mors3. who met death in boiling water at
the State Hospital at Agnews, has re
fused, as her late father's guardian, to
pay the claim of $30 for six months' care
at the institution. Miss Morss' contention
Is that her parent's death was due to care
lessness on the part of attendants, and
that a proper investigation of the circum
stances was not had by the hospital
authorities.
By refusing to pay the claim Miss Morss
invites an action against her by the State.
She declares that she is prepared to make
a tight that will give the public a good
idea of what she claims is mismanage
ment | and carelessness in handling pa
tients at the asylum.
Miss Morss is a clerk In the office of the
Superintendent of Streets of Alameda.
Soon after her father was sent to Agnews
she was appointed guardian of his estate.
As he had some property Miss Morss ar
ranged that he should be cared for as a
"pay patient" at the regular State charge
of $15 a month. This was paid regularly
each six months. The last installment fell
due about the time of Morss' terrible
death. Superintendent Crane sent the bill
to Miss Morss. It is this account which
is refused payment upon the ground al
ready mentioned.
While not desirous of standing in a false
light, the young woman Insists that she
has good and justifiable ground for her
stand. Specially anxious is she to show.
If posssible. that the inquiry into the
cause of her father's demise was far from
satisfactory, and that the exculpation
from blame of those who were in charge
was not warranted by the evidence which
was Introduced at the Coroner's inquest.
Miss Morss will make an effort to hasten
any litigation which may be in view be
cause of her refusal to settle. In order that
she may have a full opportunity to pre
sent such facts as she has before her de
parture in a short time for Honolulu
Insists Institution Authorities Failed
to Make a Proper Inquiry Into
' Circumstances of the
Tragedy.
Miss Mary Morss Demands
More Light on Her
Father's Death.
REFUSES TO PAY
BILL PRESENTED
By THE ASYLUM
"Washerwomen in ¦Vienna earn at most
40 cents a ' day.' '• • - - • •
Social of St. John's Ladies.
An entertainment and social will be
given in Mission Opera Hall on Wednes
day evening by the ladles In charge of
St.- Patrick's booth In St. John's fancy
bazaar. Supervisor P. .J." Curtis will act
as chairman of the evening.
Strassman Case Stricken Off.
The case of Leopold Strassman, charged
with assault to murder for shooting his
father, was stricken from Judge Conlan's
calendar yesterday as he- has been de
clared insane. It is no bar to another
prosecution for "the same offense 'when
Strassman recovers his. reason. -
Terrorizes Her Neighbors.
Mrs. Mary Cunningham, who has sev
eral times been arrested for disturbing the
peace of her neighbors on Twenty-third
and Diamond streets,, appeared for sen
tence before Judge Cabaniss yesterdav
She was convicted last Friday on com
plaint of Mrs. Alice Reid. The- Judge
after severely reprimanding her, fined her
$40, which her husband paid.
Shot at the" Bartender.
• Two men, named Bill Bailey and Phil
Hynes.went Into James Lucey's saloon,
at Harriet and Bryant streets, last even
ing and called for the drinks. The bar
tender, who is a brother of the proprie
tor, refused to serve them, when Bailey
drew a revolver and fired a shot at him.
The bullet passed In dangerous proxlmlty
to his head and lodged in the wall. After
firing the shot Bailey and his companion
ran from the saloon and made their es
cape. Lucey intends to swear out a war
rant to-day for the arrest of Bailey on a
charge of an assault to commit murder.
Stole a Sealskin Coat.
• Edna Langley and Mrs. N. Shearer used
to live together in a house on Devlsadero
street. They parted a few days ago and
Mrs. Shearer missed her sealskin coat.
She accused Miss Langley of taking J»,
but could get no satisfaction, so yesterday
she swore to a complaint In Judge Caban
iss' court charging Miss Langley with
grand larceny.
DOMESTIC PORT.
GRAMP HARBOR— Arrived Aug 20-Schr Roy
Somers. hence Aus: 2.
Sailed Augr 19— Schr Ida McKay, for Ban
Francisco.
Monday, August 20.
Ftmr Navarro, Jensen. 11 hours from Bowciu
Landing.
Nor t-tmr Eidsvold, Rchlyder, 37 days from
Yokohama, via Honolulu 10 days.
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Marie Merritt against Charles "W. Mer
ritt for cruelty, Peter C. Warnke aeainst
Augusta Warnko.for inlldellty, Cecelia M
Lrfiuste-n against Hans F. Lausten for
cruelty, Clara. Colllgan against Thomas
Colligan for failure to provide. Sophie Nei-
Bon against Christian Nelson for failure
to provide and: Manuela Dobs against
Frank Dobs for desertion. ¦
ATE HOT BIRDS
AND DRANK COLD
"BOTS" IN JAIL
Remarkable Experience of a
Commercial Traveler
at Sonora.
sympathetic Hand of the
Law Seized Him.
Patrick B. Gallagher Violated License
Ordinance and Heavy and Un-
Patrick B. Gallagher is a jolly commer
cial traveler who has recently had the
novel experience of f^apting at midnight
in a dungeon cell in Sonora, Tuolumnc
County. Moreover, he was attended In
Eiirh nocturnal festivity by boon compan
ions, who supplied and helped to drain
the "flowing bowl" •while mirth was un
restrained. Of such mettle is the commei
c:al traveler that difficulties please him
and obstacles but amuse. Gallagher ran
up against the real thing in Sonejra. The
law. as personified by a Tuolumne con
Ftable, pursued him with relentlfss vigor
in a. wheeled vrhiclo, and after climbing
over mountain ridges and balancing nicely
on the pdget* of cliffs in the progress of the
journey, fixed him at Angels with an hyp
notic stony etaxe. froze the marrow in his
bones and carried him, crushed, triumph
antjy back to Seinora.
All this happened because Gallagher
took orders for goods In Sonora without
raying the fee of $5, recently Imposed by
Ucease ordinance. Charlie Thompson.
»-ho travels for S. H. Tyler & Son: Phil
O'DonnHI, who carries a grip in the In
trrest of Sachs Bros., and Harry Getle-
Fon of Getleson & Rhine, all happened tn
l-e. In Sonora when Gallagher was brought
back a captive from Ange-ls and thrown
into th«> deepest depths of Sonora's deep
est dungeon. At night it is often a little
dull at Sonora. and the trio of travelers
at liberty chortled with fiendish glee when
they heard the news. Straightway they
fgrthor proceeded to order several cold
"l» r <t?" and hot birds to be taken to the
vil* Jail. There they made merry until
'•o'-lcs crew and the morning sun. sur
prised at the din, peeked over the moun
tains half an hour aluad of time to see
what was going on.
Gallagher got out of the dungeon the
roxt c ay on habeas corpus. The Pacific
Cnapt Commercial Travelers' Association.
•i whir h he is a shining member, forth
xiiin f^t lwo i awye! -j; Emilio Lastreto
&ni J. p. OBrien. to studying up all the
re \ ha? be< " n written since the time
oi Bojomon bearing on the issue, and pre-
Pared to have the question of legality and
COOXtitntJon&Uiy teste-1. The hearing will
come ejff at Sonora e-arly next month. The
commercial travelers of the Pacific Coast
awaiting the result of the test case.
Sympathy for a Beggar.
inomas fcaundors, the methodical beg
gar, who kept a list of names of persons
to call upon, appeared before Judge Mo
pan yesterday for Fentenee. Policeman
»alsh. wlio arrested Saunders. said ne
h.id made inquiry and ascertained that
" r hild a bedrldrjrn wife at 1133 Duponr
Fireet and as h* was oW man and
could not pet work he J.ad to beg to sup
port himself and wife. The Judpe allowed
him to ko till to-morrow when he is ex-
P^f t«-d to brinK witnesses as to his char
acter. Saunders said he had been a miner
and Ftcamboat man in his time, but couid
not get a Job now.
Probably Poisoned.
S. Siolina, a seaman. 37 years of age,
died at the Harbor Receiving Hospital
last evening of supposed ptomaine poison
ing.' Siolina resided in a lodging-house at
239 Steuart street and last week visited
Livermore, where he served in the capa
city of. a bartender at a picnic He're
turned home yesterday and was taken
violently 111: His friends had him sent to
tho hospital, but he died shortly after his
arrival there. The body was taken to the
Morgue by Deputy Brown.
Warrant Out for Arrest of Charles W.
Smyth on Complaint of James
Fitzpatrick.
James Fitzpatrick, an old man living at
701 Crescent avenue, swore to a complaint
in Judge Conlan's court yesterday for the
arrest of Attorney Charles W. Smyth on
a charge of felony embezzlement. Smyln
is accused of collecting $u00 for Fltzpaf
rlck on June 15 last year and appropriat
ing the money besides obtaining $25 for
his fee for collecting the money.
Smyth is said to have left the city. He
has been in trouble before. Some months
ago he was arrested for passing worth
less checks in Marln Count/, but the mat
ter was hushed up. He was also impli
cated in a case in one of the police courts
where deeds placed in his possession un
der instructions not to record them had
been recorded. and transferred to a clerk
in his office. . .
ATTORNEY ACCUSED
OF EMBEZZLEMENT
Thanks for Timely Aid.
The directors of the Fulton Kngineering
and Shipbuilding Works desire to thank
the Fire Department, residents of Harbor
View, soldiers at the Presidio and th>
Life-saving Station at Fort Point, who
helped them to extinguish the fire which
destroyed their Joiner shop last Satur
day.
"By their timely aid." the directors say,
"a conflagration was avoided which pos
sibly might have destroyed our works anil
we wish to express our great appreciation
of their efforts in our behalf "
The trial of Charles G. Adams for the
murder of Edgar S. Kepner was continued
before Judge Lawlor yesterday. The dy
ing declaration of the dead man was ad
mitted in evidence after the proper foun
dation had been laid, and was handed to
the jury ' for inspection. Mrs. Kepner,
widow of the murdered man. testified that
as soon as she saw her husband after he
haa been shot he told her that he was go-
Ing to die. He kept asserting this fact up
to the time of his death, and it was with
the knowledge of approaching dissolution
that he made his declaration. It contains
statements of fact about the same as the
prosecution establishe-d, to wit. that Ad
ams had been discharged, went away, re
turned again for an explanation, cursed
his employer and then, after being or
dered from the barber shop at 44 O'Farrell
street, shot him.
Detective Harry Rpynolds and Police
man Patrick Sullivan both testified that
at one time the accused. Adams, told them
that he shbt Kepner while the latter was
advancing toward him, and later paid he
shot Kepner during a scuffle in self-de
fense. They also testified that Adams de
nied "that there was a woman in the
case."
At this point the prosecution rested and
the defense put Daniel Brooks on the
stand. Brooks testified that he heard a
noise In the shop, and on running In saw
Ke-pner holding on to Adams' collar, or
with his arm around his neck, he was not
positive which. Adams had a revolver in
his right hand. Brooks tried to take the
revolver away from Adams, and when he
found he was unable to do so he turned
and ran, slipped at the door and fell. As
he fell he heard the shot. Brooks had
some difficulty with his story, and counsel
frequently read from the record of the
witness" testimony taken in the Police
Court In order to refresh his memory. The
trial goes on again to-day.
Prosecution Closes Its Case and De
fense Is On — Daniel Brooks, Who
¦Witnessed the Trag-edy,
Testifies.
Testimony of Witnesses Is
Strengthened by That
of the Dead.
KEPNER'S DYING
DECLARATI0N IS
HANDED TO JURY
THE rooms of the Republican County
Committee In the Baldwin Annex,
were thronged all day yesterday.
Representative citizens from every
district called to assure Chairman Bou
vier Secretary Wilson and A. Ruef that
the measures adopted for the purpose of
securing an honest primary election were
commended by the majority of Republican
voters in tho various districts. Among
tho callers at headquarters were mail)
candidates for official honor and emolu-
m The action of the chairman of the
County Committee lr. appointing a return-
Ing board composed of eighteen well
known Republicans meets the unqualined
approval of the advocates of «ood govern
int-nt and clean politics.
The returning board held a long session
last night. The committee on harmony
reported that factional differences had
been amicably adjusted in several dis
tricts and that the prospects were grati
fying for further adjustment on the basis
of giving every interest in the party just
recognition. . . '
In order to avoid mistakes and confu
sion in preparation for the election the
Countv Committee last night gave out
explicit instructions for the guidance of
Republicans voting at the primary eiec-
The names of twenty-eight members of
the County Committee— some correctly and
others Incorrectly printed— have been ap
pended to a cail for a meeting of the com
mittee to-night. Some members profess to
take the exhibit seriously, while others
consider it a fake. Following is a copy of
the notice:
To the Members of the Republican
County Committee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Augr. IS, 1900.
In conformity with the provisions of section
11 of the by-laws of the Republican County
Committee of the city and county of San Fran
cisco, we. the twenty-live members of the salil
County -Committee, requested the chairman of
said committee to call a special meeting of
said County Committee. The object belnff to
define the power of the chairman to appoint
any committee under the resolution of August
11. 1500 calling a primary election.
He having refused to call the same, we
hereby request you to attend a meeting of the
Republican County Committee, to be held at
Laurel Hall. Shlels building-. 32 O" Farrell street.
on Tuesday evening, August 21. 1900. at 8
o'clock, at the request of said twenty-five mem
berp. Respectfully, Max Goldberg, Frank D.
Worth. L«eon Samuels, E. M. Buckley, I. J.
Anchem, A. A. Louderback. Charles R. Frank
lin Charles Kncelke. W. H. Nolan. S. K.
Mitchell, M. A. Keardon. E. H. Lutuens, J. F.
Collins, John J. Sullivan, James C. Uourbon,
John J. Curry. T. J. Sullivan. H. J. McMahon,
Edtv L. Nolan. James Carr. John F. New
ford. John Daly, W. B. Millar, George L,.
Sharp. F. °- Hobrecht. Daniel J. Crane, Rich
ard Cox, William Offerman.
Kelly and Crimmins recognize that they
are on the losing Bide, but they are fight
ing with desperation to get a few dele
gates to sell to the highest bidder. The
young men of the Republican party arc
now pretty well advised of the fact that
the Mint saloon bosses have no patronage
to bestow and very little to expect. The
game of getting delegations of enthu
siastic young Republicans and then giv
ing the delegates a programme with a
whisper that "Herrin wants this." has
been played once too often. Delegates
have been sold so many times at prices
fixed by Kelly and Crimmins that the
workers are willing to take their chances
with the Republicans who have no pro
gramme to whisper and no delegations to
Bell. When a delegation is sold Kelly and
Crimmins take the swag and the sold get
soup.
Kelly and Crimmins were trying yester
day to corral and brand several wavering
and irresolute county committeemen. Kel
ly was discouraged last night. Since he
was thrown out of the Democratic party
by Buckley for doing crooked work at the
San Jose convention which nominated
Stoneman for Governor he has not had a
harder experience than that which he
gained yesterday. The Republican . State
Central Committee has refused to sanction
his scheme for the nomination of Senators
and Assemblymen by the Fourth Con
gressional District Convention, hence the
business of selling positions on the Re
publican ticket is on the decline. As a
last resort he may endeavor to "hold up"
Julius Kahn.
The Thirty-eighth District, represented
on the County Committee by J. C. Zeller
bach, M. A. Riordan, George L. Sharp. J.
O. Bourbln. L. B. Dalzlel, A. B. Truman
and Max Goldberg, met last night to put
up a delegate ticket. The majority refused
to recognize the minority member, A. B.
Truman. Goldberg said that Truman had
not conferred with him. Goldberg Is mak
ing Eddie "Wolfe's fight for the State Sen
ate, and Is endeavoring to elect in the
Thirty-eighth and Thirty-seventh districts
a set of men who will cast aside all con
siderations of decency and nominate
Wolfe for another term.
In the Twenty-ninth District last night
John J. Daughney and John B. McNa
mara of the County Commiteemen were
informed when they went to attend a
called meeting that the work of putting
up a ticket and selecting election officers
had been done. E. H. L«utgens, when ask
ed how it was done, passed out a resolu
tion. He did not know where he got the
resolution, and not being able to read It
was not in position to enlighten his fel
low members of the committee.
BOSSES TURNED DOWN.
Thirty-Fourth District Delegates to
Convention Are Pledged Against
Crimmins and Kelly, v - ,
The Regular Republican Club of the
Thirty-fourth District, the anti-Crlmmins
and Kelly organization, met last evening
and elected delegates to the State and
municipal conventions,' all of whom were
pledged to act against boss rule, . bosses
and ballot-box stuffing. A resolution in
troduced by George W.: Elder was adopted.
This commended the County Committee
men for the action they have taken on the
side of political decency and approved of
the action of Chairman Bouvler in ap
pointing such a representative committee
as a returning board, which gave assur
ance that a fair and honest primary would
be held.
It was voted to send out a circular let
ter to every voter in the district, setting
forth the reasons for opposition to bosses
and boss rule. After the adjournment of
the club meeting the delegates met and
formulated the text of the letter to be
sent broadcast. The delegates elected
were as follows:
To the State convention— J. K. C. Hobbs.
I. J. Truman, Adam Beck, TV. W. Chase, H.
G. Krasky, J. G. Levensaler, F. W. Burnett,
J. H. Cox and C. J. Peterson.
Delegates to the municipal convention — George
L. Center. John Tonningsen, F. J. Hurst.
Ralph Hathorn, George I. Rochester, Archi
bald Reid, George W. Elder, J. E. Elklnjjton,
W. A. Mertes. J. O'K<»<»fe. A. F. Adams. H. N.
Beatty. F. S. Gunn. \V. F. Foster, A. Repert,
Joseph Tittle and E. D. Knight. •
These were the unanimous choice of the
district. Speeches were made by I. J.
Truman. Senator Burnett and Frank
Zann. Headquarters have been opened \r
Native Sons' Hall on Seventeenth street,
near Valencia.
DEMOCBATIC CAMP.
Organization . Committee Appoints
Officers of District
Enrollment.
The following named members of the
Democratic County Committee have been
appointed by Thomas E. Curran to con
duct, supervise and take cnarge of the en
rollment In their respective districts, and
at the close of the enrollment to deliver
the roll to the secretary of the organiza
tion committee of the county committee:
Twenty-eighth District— M. J. Brown. T. J.
Cleary, J. J. Greeley.
Twenty-ninth— P. Lyden, M. E. Lally, George
'Cullen.
Thirtieth — J. A. Brown. James Farrell.
Charles McMenomy. '
Tliirty-nryt-J. F. Renault. Daniel Donovan,
C. J. Gallagher.
Thirty-second— E. Lawton, J. T. Mooney J.
F. Twi-c
Thirty-third — J. J. Donavan, D. Reardon, J
F. Flynn. .»
Thirty-fourth— P. H. Flynn, J. E. O'Brien.
J. F. Hanson.
TMrty-flfth— Thomas E. Curran. J. B. Vizard.
Thomas Kirby.
Thirty-sixth— Max Popper, P. J. McCormick,
Edward RInr.
Thirty-spventh-j. H. Bloom. John Connor,
T. J. FitziWitrlck.
Thirty-eighth— Charles A. Cassassa, J. A.
Lynch. J. L. Hart.
Thirty-ninth-H. V. Whiting. C. W. Meehan,
James F. Ford.
Fortieth— S. M. Van Wyck. T. P. Riordan, M.
Forty-first — E. Pohll, Daniel T. Haley.
Charles W. Hayden.
Forty-second— George McGillivray J. J Sulli
van, L. Erwin.
Forty-thini— J. W.. Shanahan. Hull "Mc-
Olanschry, William FfnneKan
r, Fo L ty "£ ou « h 7 H ; Guttsta <«. J- J- O-Connell.
Dr. S. D. Baclcalupi.
Forty-fifth— Dr. T. B. W. Leland. M. II Her
nan, Thomas Murray.
This attack left her so worn that she is
still in bed. unable to assist herself."
Assistant District Attorney Deuprey,
who successfully opposed a motion for an
indefinite continuance made by Mrs. Cra
ven's counsel, addressed Dr. Clinton, and
asked how long it would be in the opinion
of the witness before Mrs. Craven could
appear in court.
"I cannot say. and do not believe she
will ever be strong enough to appear in
court that her trial may proceed." an
swered the physician. "She is go weak
that any great excitement or sudden
shock would kill her. I would suggest.
however, that the charge against her be
postponed until at least September 1. By
that time I will be in a position to make
a more positive statement regarding her
condition, though my belief is that he*- ill
ness will prevent her trial. Her health is
too badly shattered to withstand any con
tinued excitenifnt. In my opinion she
should be permitted to go into the country
for several weeks. Such a trip might
benefit her health, and it might not. Af
fections of the he-art generally result in
suddrn if not unexpected end; In such
cases a correct prognosis is seldom made."
Dr. Clinton's statements were corrobo
rated by his associate. His suggestion
that a continuance be granted until Sep
tember 1 was accepted by the court, and
a formal order for continuance was grant
ed. Owing to the continuance in Mrs.
Craven's case it was decided to also con
tinue the arraignment of Sylva a»d Simp
ton, that the cases might be taken up con
currently.
"Mrs. Craven." he said, "is in a danger- ;
ous condition. She is suffering from re- I
current heart failure, and is so seriously j
afSie-re-d that she is unable to leave her '
apartments for days at a time. Last Sat- j
urday she was itrtdksn wiih an attack <
and remained unconscious for some hours. I
Mrs. Craven. G. W. Simpton and Adolph
Fylva were to have been arraigned yes
terday morning. As soon as the matter
¦was called the precarious condition of the
woman defendant was called to the at
tention of the court. Dr. Clinton was first
called to the stand. He testified that un
dor Fkillfu! treatment Mrs. Craven might
rally sufficiently within the next few
%vreks to appear in court for a few hours,
but never in hi? opinion would she be able
to sit ihrouph a protracted trial.
MRS. NETTIE R. CRAVEN, who
. .. for years has waged a^i incessant
II Ii^» contest to prove herself the con
tract wife of the late James G.
Fair, may be claimed by death at any mo
racnt Drs. C. A. Clir.ton and H. K. Hap
persberger took the stand in Judge Cook's
court yesterday morninar and stated under
oath that in their opinion Mrs. Craven
would never be tried on the charge of
porjury against her, "for." they paid, "her
health is eueh that she will be unable to
un^.orgn the ordeal of a trial, if. in ftict,
the end does not soon come, and Trith it
tli*> end of the proceeding? against her."
MRS NETTIE R. CRAVEN, WHOM PHYSICIANS SAY IS ILL,
PERHAPS UNTO DEATH.
BERKELEY, Aug. 20.— The body of A.
B. Remick was found this morning in a
room in the Walworth Hotel. The man
had been dead several hours. Death ¦jva.i
evidently due to chloroform.
At 10 o'clock last night Remick and E. H.
Simonds went to the Walworth and got
a room for the first named. Simonds went
to his home at 2434 College avenue, this
city, promising to call for Remick at 5:3.)
o'clock in the morning. Unable to rouse
Remick, an entrance was made through
the transom and a physician was sum
moned.
In the room was found a 500-gramme
bottle of chloroform from a Brooklyn. N.
Y.; wholesale firm, about. one-fourth oi"
which had been used. No papers of any
sort were found. The man's clothes were
jjood and he had a small sum of money.
Simonds had known Remick. he says,
for two months only, having met him in a
business way. Remick was a native of
Scotland, about 30 years of age and a
chemist by occupation. Up to two months
ago he lived at Crescent Mills, Placer
County.
Simonds could give no reasons why
Remick should commit suicide. He was
in good spirits th^ niijht before.
Remick came down to San Francisco
some weeks ago and put up, as was his
custom, at the Russ House. It is saltl
that he -was arranging for the extensive
development of some mining interests
which he had near Quincy, Plumas Coun
ty, and had made large purchases of ma
chinery to be shipped there during tho
next few days. lie had a good deal of
assaying work done lately by E. H. Sl
monds and John Taylor & Son, and made
a number of assays himself, giving good
evidence of possessing an excellent scien
tific education. He was a member of sev
eral scientific societies in England and
Scotland and was the possessor of several
medals therefrom.
Remick seemed to be well supplied with
money up to a few days ago, and paid
his hotel and other bills very promptly.
Friday and Saturday, however, he gavo
out a. number of checks on one of tho
local banks with London connections,
payment of which was refused, it is sala
this morning, on the ground that he had
no money to his credit, and did no busl
noss lhf?i*6"
One check was for $300, another for $250
and still another for S3X>. Joe Poheim got
another of S«0 in payment for a suit of
clothes he had made for Remick. The
checks were drawn in a regular check
book of the bank above mentioned and
were all presumably in payment of bills.
On Saturday evening Remick was appa
rently without money, as when about to
start out to the theater he applied to the
clerk at the desk to cash a check for $100.
H* could readily have had the amount
and more, but it was not on hand, and he
onlv got $20. He went over to Berkeley
to see Mr. Slmonds on Sunday evening,
with the understanding that he would be
on hand early Monday morning to close
some contracts which he had made for
work at his mines. It is said that he
spoke of expecting a draft for a consider
able sum of money and signified his in
tention of having the amount telegraphed
from New York on Monday if the drart
did not come to hand by that time.
bility That Financial Troubles
"Were Coming TJpon
He Was a Scientist of Note— Possi-
Mystery Surrounds Demise
of A. B. Remick at
Berkeley.
CHLOROFORM
CAUSES DEATH
OF A CHEMIST
REPUBLICAN PRIMARY ELECTION. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 7 A. M. TO 6
P. M.
All tickets for delegates must be filed at the headquarters of this commit
tee, 930 Market street, at or before 12 o'clock noon Wednesday, August 22. 1900.
All tickets must be printed under the auspices of this committee. Under
the resolution as adopted no others will be considered at the primary election.
Xo special vignettes or designations will be allowed. All tickets must be uni
form.
The names of all election officers and the location of all polling places must
be handed in to this committee at or before 12 o'clock noon Wednesday, August
22. 1900. : ' •
There arc to be two polling places in each district, and five election officers
for each polling place.
The polling places and election officers are to be named by the majority of
the county committeemen of the respective Assembly districts.
The polling places must be on the ground floor, and all ballot-boxes must
be so placed as to be plainly seen from the sidewalk.
No peddling of tickets or soliciting of votes will be permitted within 100 feet
of the polls.
No returns will be received or counted as official from any polling place
where this provision has been violated.
This committee will provide ballot-boxes and all necessary paraphernalia.
Only the printed register used in November, 1599, shall be used, and no per
son shall be permitted to vote whose name does not appear in the precinct reg
ister cf one of the precincts In the Assembly district In which he offers to
vote.
• The districts must be so divided that at each polling place in the district
the voters of only one-half of the precincts shall be allowed to vote.
Within one hour after the canvass of the vote at each polling place, and
when all the returns have been properly signed and sealed by the election
board and clerks of election, the returns must be brought in properly sealed
packages by one of the election board to the chairman and secretary of this
committee, at the headquarters of the Republican County Committee, 930 Mar
ket street. This committee will issue credentials to all elected delegates. .
If it shall be satisfactorily shown that any fraud, false voting, false im
personation, "stuffing" or repeating has occurred at any polling place, the re
turns thereof will not be considered.
Notice— Under the resolution of the. county committee all votes cast at said
primary election for persons other than those whose names appear on the tick
ets printed under the auspices of this committee shall be counted as sea tering.
JAMES A. WILSON. Secretary. ALFRED B0UV1ER, Chairman.
WHEN death came to the late
Adolph Sutro tho hasty actions
of his many creditors nearly re
sulted in the wreck of his es
tate. That it stands to-day with perhaps
a million dollars free for distribution to
his heirs, Reuben H. Lloyd stated yester
day in Judge Coffey's court, was due
solely to the quick action of counsel , rep
resenting the executrix and executor cf
his last will and also to their close as-
Attoraey Reubsn H. Lloyd Asserts an Open Court
That the Influence off Counsel Alone
Prevented Its Wreck.
sociations with the various bahks holding
large mortgages and other claims against
his property. Lloyd & Wood and J. C.
McKinstry have represented Sirs. Emma
L. Merritt and W. II. R. Adamson. ex
ecutrix and executor of the dead million-
aire's will, since his death, and to them
selves they hold credit Is due for the pres
ervation of the estate.
The matter of the settlement of the an
nual account of the executor and execu
trix of the will was cailed for hearing by
Coffey. The various receipts an<l
expenditures were taken up by the court
and passed upon until it came to the claim
of the attorneys for the executrix ami
executor. Lloyil & Wood and J. C. Mv-
Kinstry asked for $10,001 for their services.
Though no opposition was made to this
amount heing allowed the attorneys. th-»
heirs, Edgar E. Sutro especially. ask*-<l
that the attorneys await payment until
the estate is in better condition. Mr.
Lloyd pointed out that on one occasion h.»
had waived payment of his fee in order
that the taxes on decedent's property
might be paid and he said that this fact
would doubtless be accepted as evidence
that he had no desire at any time to
embarrass the estate. He then said that
he believed the amount asked for was not
excessive in view of the labor performed
by himself and his associates to preserve
the estate and prevent It being- forced Into
involuntary insolvency by its creditors.
Judge Coffey then allowed the claim.
A mortgage for $465,000 still stands over
the property.. Counsel stated yesterday
that they would endeavor to reach an
agreement by which probate expenses
could be stopped by distributing the prop
erty subject, however, to this big mort
gage. Effort will then be made to sell
sufficient of the undivided interests to pay
off the mortgage and leave an unincum
bered balance.
SUTRO ESTATE WAS
NEARLY INSOLVENT
Chairman of County Gommittee
Commended for Appointing a
Good Returning Board.
Definite Instruction in the Matter of Filing Dele
gate Tickets— Bosses Alarmed at Measures
Taken to Prevent Fraud at Primary.
NOTICE TO REPUBLICANS.
ACTIVITY IN THE
REPUBLICAN FOLD
Physicians Testify That She Will Never Be Strong
Enough Again to Undergo the Ordeal
of a Trial.
DEATH MAY SOON
CLAIM MRS. CRAVEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21; 1900.
Rev. Father Sasia to Lecture.
"The Catholic -Church and Modern Free
Thought" Is the subject- of a lecture to be
given by Rev. Joseph C. Sasla, S. J., in St.
Mary's Cathedral on Thursday evening.
The proceeds from the lecture will be de
voted to the Children's Day Homes. A
great many tickets have been disposed of
and a large attendance Is expected.
No Certificate for This Teacher.
At a meeting of the Board of Examiners
held last nlpht It was decided to refill
the application for a renewal of certificate
made to the board by Miss Ball, for the
past six years teacher of drawing In the
city schools.'
Him.
5
THE LATE ADOLPH SUTRO.
- All sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists.
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses. j
Pears 7 shaving soap is
the best in all the world.
ADVEHTISEMENTS-
IMany a woman. sic!c and j
weary of lite, dniijjjetl down by jf
weakening drains, painful ir- |
regularities, depression, and the |
hundred and one ailments
ES -which a 1 * '. women only, has g
H found in * c-ru-na a bright star \
f& of hope, which has changed £
Jjf- her misery to joy, her surler- r
jj| ing to health. " a*
*S **° woman need r.ufler from 2
fe the derancjernents peculiar to x
SS her sex, if she will jjivc Pc-ru- jg|
$ na a fair trial. *?
K The majority of weaknesses
Kg which moke woman's life a ££
| burden, spring from a simple S
tj cause. The mucou". membrane j*
5 which lines the pelvic organs ?&
jjj becomes weakened and in- fi
6 flamed owing to strain, cold, f,
K overwork, etc. TLis causes "£.
'i catarrhal congestion, inflam- }¦
i mation, painful irregularities, Jf
i depression of spirits, irritabil- [3
* ity, weakness and stiftering. It i,^
shows in the? haggard lines of tH
jgj the face, the dull eyes, the sallow £
Sm complexion and angular form. «
?« For the prompt cure of such ail- R
f- ments try Pe-ru-na. It drives a-.vay M
W 1 "the blues," clears the Ci">mp.exion, J*
if brighten* tho eyes, chanjres th:n- t£
5; neaHtoplur^pnesA, and cr.res pain*, Jj
m aches and drains, b<rcacse it imme- 8
* diately Btrikcs at tha root of such t\
rf troubles and removes tlao caase. £
I or a irec copy of ,
44 Health and Beauty" i
Address Rr.l lartman. PresWf nt of the Hart- 1
irvin S.T,n;t-.rh.-.n. C.'Iutt las Ohio.
IT MAKES A MAN
UNCOMFORTABLE
to have his collars and cuffs show raw
edges and look like candidates for retire-
ment Instead of fresh graduates from tho
laundry. What w» can't make seem new
might as well be thrown away. It's like
a patient too far Rone for the doctor.
Spotless Mnen is an Indispensable dres««
factor, which you must have not to bn
p.mong the outs. Domestic fi::lsh for full-
dress shirts If you order It.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Xear Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland OffIce-62 San Pablo Av=>.
PALACE HQTELf
It Is universally apknr>Tv]e<ij;erl that thpsj
hotels possess th* attributes that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury an.t
and superior appointments «nd location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on th# 1
American and European rlans. I
GRAND HOTEL]
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET. San.Franeisco,
Established over a third of a century: haa %
national reputation, and was cne of th? few
schools selected to represent the development
of commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion, over 17.C0O graduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: 200 graduates! annual!/
placed In positions; 23 teachers: open the entire
year: new &0-pa*e catalogue free.
Hitchcock School,
SAN PAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separata Rooms. UjrnnaMura. iillitary £>MU,
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM HF.OIXS AUGTT3T 1ITH.
RKV. C. UITCHCOCJC. Principal.
; , __
TRINITY SCHOOL.^ 1 !
It Is dextrerl to correct an erroneous tn»pr»»-
slon that Trinity School has been discontinued.
It- will open us usual MONDAY. August j_
Only boys of good moral chara'ter are taken.
O. S. MKAt>. ;:.3 Central av».
HAMLIN SCHOOL f»nd
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
- 1343 Jackson St.. San Francisco. Boarding and
. Day School for Girls. Accredited to tho Univer-
sity of California. Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity. Vassar and Smith Colleges. Reopens Au-
gust «. 1J0O. SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
POLYTECHNIC 3
Has the lartrtst and best equipped departments
! In the West. Regular business and shorthand
coarse. Students may enter at any time. All
graduates In responsible positions. Fre« c^ta-
lcfftie. Oakland. Cal.
AHDEKSOli ACADEMY.
Formerly University Academy. Atamed*. ha*
been removed to Irvlr.jton. Slta of fltteea
aerea: remarkably beautiful; cllmat* unsur-
passed. Inspection of buildings and grounds la-
, Tlted. W. yv. ANDERSON, Principal.
WA.rvt
¦tr'ivo
marc
51r iris t a.
S&JDplcS.When the Board of Education attempted to sus
pend a teacher for a year without trial or hearing -it
possibly forgot that : some of its executive' sessions
emit an odor offensive enough to be ample substitute
for the loudest protest. The bubonic Board of
Health ought to play its-fumigators on the School
Board for the sake of the public health! , . ..-,'¦
FREE ADVICE FROM A SUCCESS
FUL MAN.
I "If you had saved your money," re
marked the pedestrian, "you wouldn't be
obliged. to ask me for money.'.'
"I know it. mister," answered Meander-
Ing Mike, "but I wouldn't of missed de
distinguished pleasure of dis conversation
fur any t'ing."— Washington Star.
LI Hung Chang's coffin. was recently put
up at auction in Marseilles, but there was
no- bidder. - It will be remembered that
during his tour of the globe In 1S36 Li
carried with him wherever he went a
coffin, In which. In case of his death, his
remains were to be sent back to China.
Upon embarking for home at Marseilles
the Celestial statesman concluded that it
was unnecessary to take the coffin with
him, and left it at the hotel. The hotel
proprietor turned it over to the customs
officials and it has just figured in the
periodical sale of, unclaimed property.—
New York Advertiser.
LI HUNG CHANG'S COFFIN.
The Alameda man who wanted to cut the heart out
of his bride of a month because she spoke to her
mother must have some distressingly serious ideas on
the mother-in-law problem.
The frankness with which local Democratic states
men blackguard one another indicates that the gen
tlemen make no errors of mistaken identity when
they reveal the various unworth of their associates.
William Jennings Bryan received a splendid wel
come home the other day. His neighbors are prob
rbly working themselves up to a desired enthusiasm
for a similar event in November. .
Kelly. Crimmins and Ifcrrin have decided to defy
the Republican party. It is to be hoped for the de
cency of poHtical life that they will carry their de
fiance to that point where they have a party exclusive-
Iv their own and based on their notorious principles of
'booze and bood'e."
When the Bo^rd of Education insolently directed
citizens, who had denounced the absurd actions of the
board, to attend to their own affairs the distinguished
creatures of Mayor Pheian's power probably forgot
that the affairs of an incompetent Board of Education
ire the affairs of the people. . .?;
The petticoat represented in the illus
tration la of white muslin, embroidered
with vine. sprays and bunches of grapes
over a foundation of pink silk. «U the
bottom are flounces of • lace placed over
flounces of pink muslin, with a trimming
of small bows of ribbon.
MUSLIN PETTICOAT.
"Well. Brlggs thought It was the head
of a feather duster, and he tied it to his
cane and had brushed a lot of spicier webs
from the porch ceiling: before his wife
caught him at It."— St. Louis Globe-Dem
ocrat.
"Yes, I've seen It."
"Briggrs Is dreadfully nearsighted. Tou
know that hat his wife wears with *U
those black plumes In it?"
EVILS OF SHORTSIGHTEDNESS.
While there is so much to be^gained by the recall
of the field marshal there is nothing to be lost. The
task of hunting down. the Boers may be s long and
In this emergency the Ministers have an opportu
nity to make an effective political stroke! By relieving
Roberts frem command in % South Africa they can
bring him home and give him the position of com
mander in chief of the army. By so doing they get
rid of Lord Wolseley and shift responsibility for the
mistakes of the War Department. They can go to the
country with a promise of army reorganization under
the direction. of the popular hero of the hour. They
will get the credit of rewarding Roberts, and of in
tending to reform the army. They will also be able
to claim that a complete. victory has been gained in
South Africa and point to Roberts' return as an evi
dence that war is virtually over.
In a general election at this time it is certain a
majority of Britsh voters will be affected more or less
by the war in South Africa. On that score the Min
istry is fairly safe, but it has one point of weakness.
The course of the war from start to finish has proven
that the army administration has been bad for years
past. The troops were sent to the field ill supplied
and ill armed. The Boers, who were despised as a
half-educated lot of ill-trained farmers, showed them
selves better armed, better supplied with artillery and
better commanded than the British, so that it was
only by excess of numbers that even Roberts was
able to prevail over them. Something will have to be
done by the Ministers to assure the people of a better
administration of the War Department hereafter, or
else a good many Britons will vote against the Min
isterial candidates and perhaps overthrow the Ministry
itself.
REPORTS from London are to the effect that the
Government is arranging to relieve Lord Rob
erts of command in South Africa and to depute
to a general of lower rank and fewer years the'ha
rassing work of running down the scattered bands
that are continuing the war for the independence of
the Transvaal. It is very likely that these reports are
true, for not only would such relief be a kindness to
Roberts, but it would be good politics for the Min
istry in the elections which, it now appears assured,
are to take place this fall.
ROBERTS TO BE RELIEVED.
Whether this improvement in the position of the
grower be a result of the organization of the Cured
Fruit- Association or • a coincidence merely, is a
question that cannot be completely answered at this
time. The fact itself, however, is the main point of
satisfaction, whatever be the cause. The prunc
growerhas now a better position in relation to the
market than he has had for years and it is hardly
probably he can fail to profit by, it. .-. -...'•-. '
One feature of the San Jose dispatch is significant
of a wholesome change in the prune business' and is
worth noting. In the estimates of the crop and of
probable prices, the dispatch quote not only the pack
ers, but the growers. It is evident' therefore that the
judgment of the grower has cg,nte to be an important
factor in the market. He no longer has to ask of
others what the price of his product is to be. • He has
begun to have a voice in calculating the price and
to exert some power in fixing it.
According to the best advices we have been able to
obtain, the packers' estimates are exaggerated, , and
even those of the growers are beyond the mark. They
do not take into account the. excessive shrinkage in
drying, which has been thus far noted in the crop. For
some cause the prunes in almost every district have
not only dropped earlier than usual, but have lost in
weight when dried much more than the average of
past years. Thus a crop that shows large on the
trees suffers a considerable shortage when it is dried
and ready for the market. This appears from reports
to be true also of the crop in France and the output
there will not be nearly so large as has been expected.
A LATE dispatch from San Jose says: "The
prune situation is an all-absorbing topic among
the growers of this valley. Leading packers
estimate the crop of the State at 150,000,000 pounds
for this year, some going as high as 175,000,000.
Growers are more conservative in estimates and place
the State's yield at from 125,000,000 to 135,000,000
pounds. It is claimed that the output of Europe and
America this year will be .100,000,000, pounds more
than last year." .
PRUNE CROP ESTIMATES.
ers of Scotland, a few generations ago.
v:as as mean as he was wealthy. Being
one day visited by a deputation collect
ing subscriptions toward a new hospital,
he signed for two guineas, and one of the
gentlemen expressing disappointment at
the smallness of the amount, he said:
"Really, I cannot afford more." ,
The deputation next visited Wilson, one.
of the largest manufacturers in the city,
who. on seeing the Jist, cried:
"What, Carrick only two guineas?"
"When Informed of what the banker ha<S
said. Wilson said:
"Wait; I will give him a lesson."
Taking his checkbook he filled In &
check for £10,C0O. the full amount Of his
deposit at Carrick's bank, and sent It for
immediate payment.
Five minutes later the banker appeared,
breathless, and asked: "'What la the. mat
ter. Wilson?"
"Nothins the matter with me," replied
Wilson; "but these gntlemen Informed me
that you couldn't afford more than two
guineas for the hospital. Hallo! thinks I.
if that's the case there must be something
wrong, and I'll get my money out as soon
as possible."
Carrick took the subscription list, erased
the two guineas and stipulated fifty, on
which Wilson immediately tore up his
check.
Robert Carrick, one of the richest bank-
MEAN MAN" TATJGHT A LESSON".
Whether the prize is a fan, or a Jar, or
a bit of carved ivory, depends upon the
taste of the hostess— and also upon her
purse.
The explosion of a whole bunch of
crackers marks the close, and while the
cards are being looked over with a view
to finding the most correct answers re
freshments are served. There must- be
tea. of course, even though it is iced; and
there should be something that can ' be
eaten with chopsticks.
14. There are Chinese politicians that
don't care for Earl, but who would like
what? Old Li Hung.
11. If the Chinese were Spaniards what
would they call the stories of American
heroism in China? Pig tails.
13. What sort of an army ought to reach
Peking the quickest? A Russian army.
9. What sort of a great wall are the
powers likely to build in the flowery
kingdom? A partition of China.
10. How is it to be expected that the
Chinese will take reverses and 'victories?
Coolly.
4. When the powers get hold of the Em
press Dowager what will they catch? A
Tartor.
5. If you are anxious To go to China
what will the Government do? Taku.
G. Then what will you be in? Trans
ports.
7. What couldn't the Empress Dowager
govern? China proper.
i 8. When the Empress makes the Em
peror cry what would he like to do? Box
er.
3. Through what? The open door,
2. What is proof that the eyes of the
Mongolians are open at last? The Yellow
Sea.
Fourteen questions and answers are
given here, but other and better ones can
easily be found:
I.." 1 What two letters are most popular in
China? Tea and cue.
The young hostess who would be up to
date should invite her friends to a Chi
nese porch part5'. The decorations are
easily managed— lighted Chinese lanterns,
fans in profusion, Chinese bowls oi flow
ers on little stands, 'with the porch mats
and bamboo chairs are enough. Cards,
with the figure of a Chinaman in a char
acteristic attitude sketched In one corner,
and pencils aro given to the guests, who
are told that each question asked must
be answered by some name or expression
often heard in connection with China and
the fighting there.
The loud report of a cannon cracker is
the signal for attention, and after asking
each question the hostess slowly unties
from a bunch, lights and tosses out Into
the darkness a little one, the explosion of
which is a token that time is up and an
other query about to be put.
Would Be Up to Date.
A Tip, for the Young Hostess Who
CHINESE QUIZZING PARTY.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— A. V. Pease
and wife are at the Raleigh: J. Seymour
and E. Hastings are at the St. James; F.
M. Pennell and Tyler Henshaw are at the
Shoreham, all of San Francisco.
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
IT is necessary that ihe too current missionary view
oi the Chinese question shall be opposed strongiy,
and in time to prevent the impression it is intended
lo make upon public opinion. With some honorable ex
ceptions, the missionaries have been crying for war
and slaughter, acting more like the devotees of Mars
than ihe followers of Jesus.
It these missionaries fed a call to go abroad and
do proseiyiing work, the sole honor and credit to
them will follow their going on their own responsi
bility at their own risk. Government is secular
and has no right of partnership with any form of the
rclipious idea. Not long ago the American mission
aries in Japan were impudently protesting against the
Jajianese law fc>rbiduing the teaching of religion iu
the public schools. They even demanded that our
Government interfere, to compel Japan to open the
schools to the teaching of the various sectarian brands
of Christianity! A more impudent. ofTen5ive and
peace-dispelling agitation cannot be conceived
Nearly everything said by our missionaries, who have
pat the crown of martyrdom away and scuttled out of
China, proves them to be dangerous to the world'*
peace. We are aware that when this is said they admit
it. and breathing slaughter, quote Christ, "I come no:
lo bring peace, but the sword."
Wrenching an Oriental metaphor from its pureiv
spiritual meaning, they make it the excuse for advis
ing the raiding of millions of Chinese homes by the
slaughterers hired by the Czar and Kaiser.
As a rule, all of these missionaries want Chinese ter
ritory stolen by the Western nations. Regardless
of ail right and justice, they show their utter unfitness
to be trusted among a strange people, for they do not
scruple to treat the Chinese as having no right to their
own homes or their own country.
One of them, Mr. Medhurst, without being rebuked
by the congregation, said in a pulpit in this city on
Sunday night, "The Chinese converts are looked
upon by their heathen fellow-countrymen as foreign
ers, and I do not think that after this war there will
be many Christian natives left. China is entering on
a new era. America should still hold her troops over
there. s O that at the end of the war she can have her
appropriation of territory."
Now, we desire to sx.y to this gentleman and his
collergues. who seem to have been salaried and sup
ported in China by alms of the home churches, only to
lure natives into antagonism to their country and then
leave them to be butchered, that America wants no
"sppropriation of territory" in China, and will pre
vent the other Christian nations from stealing any, if
she can.
We have revcr read a more immoral, dishonest and
dishonorable, a more wicked, outrageous and cor
rupt proposition than this. America has no more
right to ".-.ppropriate territory" in China than the
church sexton had to appropriate the shirt off this
immoral missionary's back, and the honest people of
this country will not permit such pretended followers
of Christ to make the republic a thief.
A MISSIONARY VIEW.
Railway whistles Inflict torture on so
many people that Austria has Introduced
a system of silent signaling: to start arid
stop the trains. Belgium is Vying com
pressed air whistles instead of steam, and
Germany experiments with horns.
Kodaks are being-^ised in collecting evi
dence against salocrhkeeners In Corning,
N. Y., charged wfth violating the excise
laws. Snapshots of prominent citizens en
tering and departing from the saloons
have been secured, and in consequence
Corning is in an uproar.
Kansas will in 1304 celebrate the fiftieth
anniversary of her admission into the
Union as a Territory by holding an inter-
State exposition in Topeka.
The skin of elephant Charlie, killed in
Crystal Palace, London, -weighed a ton —
Just one-fourth of ti.e weight of the beast
in life.
Sheffield Is the smokiest ctty In Eng
land. In proportion to its size it con
sumes eight times as much coal as Lon
don.
An English curate has been dismissed
tectfuae he is a poor cricket player, tftoug.i
no/fault was found with his theology.
A French engineer Is trying: to apply
air in such a way to machinery as t»
make It serve as a lubricator.
A French physician. Dr. Hervteux, has
made Investigations which Indicate that
flies spread smallpox.
Boats are to be propelled between Dav
ton and Cincinnati and Dayton and Toledo
by electricity on canals.
All the flowers of the Arctic region are
either white or yellow, and there are 7G3
varieties.
The foreign population of Shanghai last
May was 6774, of which 562 were Ameri
cans.
The census of White Plates, N. T.,
shows more dogs than people.
The Brooklyn bridge pays the city a
profit of $150,000 a year, or $400 per day.
FOR CALL READERS.
The public should bear in mind the fact
that there Is constant danger of the "On
to Peking" cry being set to music—Wash
ington Post.
WHEN STREET PIANOS PLAY IT!
Some people call the man who shot the
Niagara rapids a fool, and he can return
the compliment when they begin to buy
tickets to the museum to see him. — Chi
cago Record.
HAPPy THE HUSBAND WHO CAN
DO IT.
Mr. Kawdle— I wish you wouldn't Inter
rupt me every time I try to say some
thing. Do I ever break in when you are
talking?
Mrs. Kawdle— No. you wretch, you go
to sleep!— Chicago Tribune.
XOW HIS TURN COMES,
McGinty— Begorry. thin Oi would have
seen the scoundrel hanged for murther!—
Tit-Bits.
Judge— Why do you wish that?
Judge — So the prisoner hit you on the
head with a brick, did he?
McGirity— Yes, yer Honor.
Judge— But it seems he didn't quite kill
you, anyway?
McGinfy— No. bad 'cess to him: but It's*
wlshin' he had. Oi do be.
HIS REVENGE.
The trembling Boxer knelt before Li
Hung Chang and strove to explain mat
ters. "I must have lost my head. I see
no other reason why I engaged in the up
rising. O Son of the Blue Sky," he wailed.
"You are a trifle off In your grammar,"
interposed Li. "You should say, "I will
have lost my head.' " And the execu
tioner stepped forward at the proper sig
nal. — Baltimore American.
A LESSON IN TENSE
The local paper of Smithville, a village
not far from Cincinnati, contained this
note the other day: "There will be an
icecream supper given by Mrs. Susan
Howard next Tuesday night, July 3. in
the Christian church grove, to assist In
raising funds for the funeral exposes of
her husband." If a man must die there
is nothing like leaving a loving widow.—
Louisville Courier-Journal.
RAISING FUNDS.
Employer — "Was much feeling shown at
your grandmother's funeral?
Bookkeeper— Yes; they mobbed the um
pire.—Harper's Bazar.
THE FUNERAL.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
E. T. Parsons and. wife are at the
Palace. Mr. Parsons is one of the lead
ing manufacturers of the Windy City and
is here to enjoy the comforts of the Cali
fornia summer climate.
Mrs. William P. Harrington, prominent
in society circles in this city and Colusa,
is at the Palace. "She Is the wife of the
well known banker.
Charles B. Serventen, a prominent boni
face of Sonora, is in the city and making
his headquarters at the Lick.
Benjamin Morgan, the well known min
ing man of Arizona, is stopping at the Oc
cidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. Powell of McMlnnville Is registered
at the Lick.
Judge A. Ilewel of Modesto Is a guest
of the Lick.
R. M. Green, a merchant of Orovllle, 13
registered at the Grand.
Captain W. 11. ileMlnn of Mission San
Jose is a cuest.of the Lick.
E. E. Bush, a well known speculator of
Kanford, Is stopping at the Lick.
E. W. Cade, who represents the Santa
Fe at Needles, Is stopping at the Lick.
Dr. B. R. Ward, prominent in the United
States navy. Is a guest of the Palace.
Those words so true then are equally true now.
The Republican party is on trial before the people of
San Francisco. If the better elements abandon it
in the contest and permit the Mint Saloon boss and
his friends in the Southern Pacific law office and the
dives of the tenderloin to carry the primaries, it will
fare badly when election day comes. Therefore let
all who love the party act now and act with the vim
and vigor necessary for victory.
Long ago General S. W. Backus, writing to Dibble
as a friend and warning him in vain against the course
he was pursuing in the Legislature, said: "No.v,
Judge, you cannot afford to stand rn with these
pirates. Association with Crimmins and Kelly means
political death to you and the forfeiture of the good
opinions of your thousands of friends throughout this
district. It means more: The Republican party is on
its last legs in this State if men like you fail to live up
to its high promises and permit its councils to be de
bauched by jobbers and corruptionists who have en
tered into secret league with Sam Rainey and the
devil."
Every issue and circumstan-t of the time prompts
Republicans to revolt against the efforts of the South
ern Pacific and its allies to control the party in this
city. It is known that any symptom of such control
will endanger the whole ticket. At this Juncture,
when it is so important to have an honest Legislatu-e,
creatures of the typi of Dibble and Wolfe cannot
be elected by Republican votes at least even if nomi
nated. That much has been shown clearly by the
temper of the people and particularly by that of the
better element of the Republican party. Corruption
cannot win on election day and therefore those Re
publicans who desire to make a sweeping victory then
should act now so as to keep the tools of corruption
out of the party convention.
There are ample reasons for believing that good
tickets, earnestly supported by good men, can win in
every district in the city. All depends upon Repub
licans themselves. The bosses are, of course, at work
and will bring all their toughs and rounders to the
polls. The better elements of the party must be
equally vigorous in bringing out the vote of all who
r.rc opposed to boss domination.
) Such being the case, 'it is the duty of honest Re
publicans to nominate honest and thoroughly repre
sentative men in every district. Not a single one'
should be left uncontested. The bosses should have
no walkover anywhere. The fight should be made for
true Republicanism all along the line and every stanch
and loyal member of the party should share in it.
It is to be borne in mind, however, that what has
been attained is only an opportunity for a fair elec
tion and an honest count. It remains with the better
element of the party in the various districts to de
termine whether the opportunity shall be taken ad
vantage of, or whether the bosses shall be left free to
carry out their programmes. , The County Com
mittee cannot do everything. The committee of
eighteen can do no more than assure fair play to all.
Unless honest Republicans come to the front and take
an active part in the elections the victory after all
will be with the bosses.
• . —^— — — —
UNDER the supervision of the committee of
eighteen, appointed by Chairman Bouvier of the
County Committee, the Republican primaries in
this city afford an opportunity for honest men to elect
genuine Republicans to the county convention and
thus assure the nomination of a ticket which will
command the support not only of all true Repub
licans, but of independent voters as well. For accom
plishing that no small amount of credit is due to the
members of the County Committee, who stood firmly
for honest politics and fair dealing in spite of all that
Herrin, Crimmins and Kelly and their combined
gangs could do to coax or bulldoze them into dis
honest paths.
REPUBLICAN PRIMARIES.
Sire -^SlS^ €<41,
• _ - ¦ -- :
TUESDAY AUGUST 21, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, PfQp"_etor.
Aod-css AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Mana**.
H AS AtiEK'S OTFICn Telephone j 1 *"^^^^*
I'UILICATIUA OFFICE. .MnrU*t s»««d Third. S. F.
Trlrphoac Vrcam -01.
IZOITOItlAL nOOMH. ... .21 T to 221 ftterenaon St.
Telrphon; Pirn 2O2.
OeXIrcrefl Iit CnrrliT". 15 Crrttn Ter Week.
yincl^ Copic». R Cent*.
Term* by Mali. Inrlndinc i'nrtnKJi
r>*2~LT CAT.L. «In<-:u<!»r.R fur.<!sy), cm y-«sr **.M
PAILY CALL. (IncIuiSlric fcur.Uy), t months.. 1.09
DAILY CALL ilacfofllac Sunday), I months, 1.59
X>A1LY CALI^— Hv cineie Month «C
fl'XPAY CALL One Year 1-S3
VTJCEJCX.Y CALL One Tftr LOO
All poafniaatcra nrr ncthoriied to receive
subscriptions.
F£-*-ple ccries <rlll be forwaided when requested.
s:a!l eu^;rtfc*r« Is cra»rir.s chance cf a<5<*.re«.e i>bnu'1 b«
ptrttmUl to d»-e both SCEXT AND OLD AL.DP.E~S in order
to insure a prcm;:t and correct compliance wits their request.
oaklamj OFFICE: HIS Broadway.
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
Werner Foreign Ad -'eriising. r/arquetie Building. Chicago.
CU:^c Distance Telephone "Central KU.')
JCETW YOKE CORItESPOXDZICT:
C C. ORLTON ..Herald Square
MTX YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SW!TH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
ttenran Hcn:«e; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
yrtacct llcuse. Auditorium Hotel.
NI7W TORK NEWS STANDS:
TVa:jcrT-Aftoria Hole:; A. Hrcatano, si Union Square'""
Kcrray hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON -D. C> OFFICE Welu*rr*on HoieP
MORTON E, CRANE. Correspondent."
Bni'irPQrnCES-^ UbbXsobxtt. comer of Clay, oj*»
until 5C3 o'clx-k. 3?0 Hayes, open until S:30 o'clock. C3
VcAJlister. oppn 'jr.t'l S::3 o'clock. 615 Larkin. c;vn until
138 o'clock. i3U M'.f-sion. cp?n until 10 o'clock. 2-C1 Market,
corner Sixteenth. c;*u until t o'clock. K36 Valencia, cpen
tint:J 9 o'clock. 1CS Eleventh, crcn until 9 o'cioclt. X"5V oftr
%*r T«reaijr-»«c(M>d and Kentucky, cpen until * o'clock.
FOL1TICAL HYPOCRISY.
%
THIS is August, 1900. It is only two years since
the war with Spain, which Mr. Bryan^ urged, be
cause he said it would be good politics, was
ended by request of that beaten power. Spain was
not a novice in war and knew when to cry enough
snd quit an unequal struggle in which she got little
shame and we little glory on account of the in
equality of the combatants.
Colonel Bryan seems to have deeply pondered how
to get some grood politics out of it. It is known that
the leaders of his part}- in Congress informed the
President that they intended to make an issue against
him, whichever course he took in dealing with the
miserable legacies of that '.var. Indeed, they did not
jcruple to admit to him that they would have had a
belter issue against him if he had not taken the Philip
pine?. Their high sincerity being certified by their
attitude toward the President, it is highly proper that
they should be led by Bryan, who is responsible for
the ratification of the treaty of Paris, and that their
principal newspaper support is by Hearst's -yellow
triplets.
Hearst is president of the National Association of
Bryan Clubs. We believe that it was on the 6th of
this month that he announced the accession of 4000
members to his organization, drawn to it by Bryan's
anti-expansion platform and speeches.
On August 6, 1898, just two years before, when the
Philippine issue was yet in the yolk, Hearst said in
his San Francisco Examiner, "What are we in the
Philippines for? From the standpoint of our duty
tc the world there is but one course open to us. We
must hold on to the Philippines."
When Professor Van Hoist of Chicago denied that
cur duty to the world required holding on to the
Philippines, Hearst said, on August 7: "Annexation
and expansion are with us for better or for worse, and
the whole chorus of croakers like Van Hoist will not
make it any better."
August 9 Hearst savagely attacked all opponents
of retaining the Philippines, calling them "little
Americans," and declaring that we would permanent
ly retain the Philippines and should hold the people
down with an armj r , the cost which "will be paid out
of the island revenues, on which it will be a proper
charge."
In that month of August, 1898, .Senator Morgan of
Alabama was in San Francisco. In his speech 5n
the Native Sons' Hall he had grossly insulted Mr.
Cleveland and as grossly lied about him, to the great
delight of Hearst. On the 10th Morgan made a
Speech in which he said: "The morning papers tell us
that fome brave Californians have died in battle in
Manila. Above the graves of these heroes the Amer
ican flag floats to-day, and I believe the American
people will never consent to haul it down. That flan
will remain. The hand of God Almighty planted it
there."
This discovery that the Almighty was in the busi
ness of nailing the flag to the Philippines delighted
Hearst so much that he not only printed it in his
news columns, but quoted it in his editorial.
Some of the labor organizations having deprecated
expansion, on August 12 Hearst said in the Exam
iner: "Under the circumstances we cannot see any
thing but good for the American laborer as the result
of acquisition of the Philippines."
August 17 Hearst sr.id: "With Manila in our hands
by right of conquest, it becomes more than ever im
po?s.ible to withdraw the American forces from the
Philippines. The American flag must be nailed to the
Philippine flagstaff," and on the 20th he said: "As
for the Philippines, the obligations we have assumed
there make it necessary that the American flag shall
be nailed to the staff from which,* by the valor of
Deweytind Merritt, it now flies."
On August 24 General Barnes made an extreme
expansion speech to the Republican State Conven
tion and Hearst indorsed it. complimenting the Gen
eral, that "he spoke for the broadest and most progres
sive of the thinking men of the country."
When Brynn was notified and made his acceptance
speech at Indianapolis, the most conspicuous thing in
sight was Hearst's advertisement of his newspapers.
He had streamers across all the main streets and plac
ards on the backs and bellies of sandwich men and
streamers on carriages; through the city all space that
could be spattered with a sign was taken up in glorify
ing and boasting of the "only three Democratic pa
pers in the United States."
He was appealing for dimes to the very people
whom he was denouncing two years before as "little
Americans. Tories, copperheads and traitors."
He and 'the hand of God" Morgan are jowl by jowl
in supporting Bryan upon the paramount issue—
the surrender of the" Philippines. If ever brazen
hypocrisy relied on the short memory of the people
this is a case of that kind.
PRINCE REMEMBERED A PLAYMATE.
Ten years ago, when the Crown Prince of Japa"n was in his
thirteenth year, his Highness spent a summer at Futamiguara,
Isc. While out in the water one clay the Prince noticed a fish
erman's boy of about the same age as himself, whose skill in
swimming drew forth his admiration. The lowly youth, whose
name was Yei. was presented to the Prince, and there sprang
tip a friendship between the two. His Highness was once more
back at Ise the other day, on his wedding tour, and the Prince
thought of Yei. He wanted to see his old friend, and after a
good deal of trouble the order was conveyed to Yei, now grown
a sturdy young man, but still poor and lowly. In high delight
the Prince talked freely of the past, and then allowed Yet to
take leave of him loaded with various presents.
(\ *:plain spoken" englishman.
The King of Portugal is more than rather corpulent. Dur
ing his short stay in England about three years ago he fre
quently took various little trips by train secretly, and accom
panied only by one of his suite. Traveling down to Hatfleld
JIfUl. . ¦ > -X'.T -
" 'Has your Royal Highness,* asked Playfair, 'any faith In
science?' .-.»-.
" 'Certainly,' was the reply.
'Playfair then carefully washed the Prince's hands with
ammonia to get rid of any grease that might be on them.
," VAVIU y°u now place your hand in this boiling metal and
ladle out a. portion of it?' said Playfair.
" 'Do you tell me to do this?' asked the Prince.
I do, was the answer.
"The Prince instantly put his hand into" the caldron and
ladled out some of the boiling lead without sustaining any in
jury, it is a well known scientific fact that the human hand,
if perfectly cleaned, may be placed uninjured In lead boiling
at a white heat, the moisture of the skin protecting it, under
these conditions, from any injury. Should the lead be at a
temperature perceptibly lower the effect would be of course
Very different." >
He originally suggested the adoption .of open half-penny
letters, now known as "post cards," and he was largely instru
mental In suggesting the basis of an equitable agreement be
tween Great Britain and America when President Cleveland's
Venezuelan message brought the two countries into dangerous
antagonism.
Among Playfair's students at the University of Edinburgh
was the Prince of Wales, of whom a curious anecdote is told:
. "It was while the Prfince of Wales was living in Edinburgh,
as Playf air's pupil in the application of science to industry,
that an interesting incident occurred. The two were standing
near a caldron containing lead, which was boiling at white
heat. i-*~ ,-.-wit;
INTERESTING TALES
ABOUT ROYAL FOLKS
WALES' FAITH IN SCIENCE.
ONE of the most honored and conspicuous figures in the
public life of Great Britain during the last half century
was Lord Playfair. of whom a sketch appears in the
North American Review. The vast sanitary Improve
ments which have taken place in, England within thirty
years and the evolution of the whole system of scientific and
technical instruction are due to Playfair more than to any
other man. Vr'**~~"
| once in a second class compartment, the Portuguese King en
tered Into conversation— the King speaks Knglish fluently—
with -a typical, plain-spoken "John Bull." "They seem to bo
making a deal of fuss over the King of Portugal. sir A wno .«
now in London. Have you seen him. might I ask? Yea.
sir, I have; but he ain't much of a King to look at. vvny. sir.
his stomick ain't no fatter and his face ain't no intellergentcr
than yours!"
His Majesty raid afterward that he could/understand why
the English people were called "plain spoken."
THE KAISER'S ADVENTURE.
The Kaiser recently told this yarn: "A few weeks i ago. aa
I was going through some of the smaller streets of Berlin. I
dropped Into an outfitter's shop and asked the man wno «^»
there to show me some tics. I soon picked out one ™ il " »
pattern that always pleases me. and. In fact, so often do 1 wear
this colored tie that many of my subjects frequently recognize
me by it. 'I believe the Emperor is very fond of this pa ttern .
I said to the shopman genially. 'Now, what do you think about
it? 1 'What do I think about it. eh. sir? Well, I think that ho s
about the only "duffer" in all Germany who would wear iy
LIFE OF THE GERMAN EMPRESS.
"The Gorman Empress," writes a correspondent of tho
London Times, "leads a very regular life at Homburg.* Every
morning she rides out for two hours, and in the afternoon she
.never falls to take a drive, generally accompanied by her sis
ter, the Duchess of Glucksburg. /
"Her Majesty Is having a strict course of the treatment,
and bathes daily, as well as drinking a prescribed quantity of
water brought for her use from the Klizabethen Brunnen. ana
hopes, on leaving Homburg, to loin her yacht, the Induna, witn
her two youngest children, and enjoy a week or two cruising
in the Baltic before she goes to Schlosa Wllhelmshohe. near
Cassel, for the rest of the summer."
ALBERT EDWARD'S HUMOR.
Not so very long ago the Prince of "Wales was present at
the opening of a large charitable Institution, says a correspond
ent. In the course of the ceremony the president chanced to
raise his hat to salute the Prince, when to the crowd's amuse
ment his wig came off at the same time, leaving a perfectly
bald head. That the Prince had taken due note of the mishap
was evident several hours later at dinner. "When proposing
the president's health he lifted his glass. "To th© worthy
president, who appears to grow younger Instead of older every
hour."
ALFONSO WILL BE RICH-
According to the laws of Spain, the- monarch becomes of
age and succeeds to full power when he completes his eight
eenth year. Before Alfonso XIII reaches that age he will havo
traveled a great deal, as it is Intended that he shall visit every
court In Europe. Thus he will complete his education, ¦which.
Is intended to fit him for the difficult position or th© reigning
King of Spain. He will be wealthy, as hl3 state allowance la
$1,400,000 per year, with various palaces, castles and villas to
live in rent free, and during his minority savings were and ara
still effected, for the Queen Regent does not allow waste, and
the home' life of the Spanish court is simple.
weary one, but success in it will depend mainly upon
the activity of the brigade commanders who are pur
suing the scattered bands. It has availed Roberts little
to throw out a far-reaching net to surround the Boer
commandos, when by swift marching they get away
from him. Moreover, it will be just as well to give
Kitchener a chance to show what he can do. Thus,
taking all things into consideration, it is probable that
Roberts' career in the field is about over. He will
return to London to be endowed with those honors,
titles and pensions that Great Britain is so lavish in
bestowing upon her military chiefs, and then he will
be set to work at the hardest task he has ever con
fronted — that of weeding aristocratic pretensions out
of the British military system and making the army
equal to the growing needs of the empire.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1900.
"What did her father say?"
"He said he couldn't understand why I
came to him— all his property was in hid
wife's name."— Cleveland Plain Dealer. - •
NOT HEADQUARTERS
6
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
LOANS
ON DEFINITE CONTRACT-
INSTALLMENT PLAN.
SIS 65 a a , loco loaa -
Citizens' .Mto&nt+mjtamn,
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable curefor
liver ills. bKiouanfss. Indigestion, constipation.*
Dr. Slegerfs Angostura Utters, the world re-
nowned South American appetizer and invl-or"
ator. cures dyspepsia, diarrhoea, fever and alruo"
The Santa Fe will sell tickets to Chicago
and return on August 21 and 22 at the very low
rate of J72 50. rood for sixty days. This la a
very low rate and 13 open for all. They win
tell you all about It at €23 Market »t.
Tickets on sale August 21 ar.d 22. good fcr
return within sixty days. Only. SO', hours to
Chicago on the "Overland Limited." rla the
Union Pacific Railway. 1 Montgomery «.. San
Francisco.- _
Chicago and Return $72 SO.
A shark m a Florida river met a. 400-
pound turtle and tried to swallow It. tail
first The turtle extended hi3 forward
flippers and the shark, after repeated ef-
forts to get him down, was reluctantly
compelled to turn the rascal out.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen s) olO Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. : *?
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's*
AMUSEME2CTS.
Orj-h»"jm — Vaudeville.
rrand Vwra. Hcuso— "Papho."
<"£.hforn:a— Lee, the Hypnotist.
Tivoli— "Mi'mon."
Alcazar— "Sa^ho."
<~i>lumhia— "The Only Way."
O;yrr.p:a. corner Uascn and E.My streets— Siircialties.
Chutes', Zoo ar.d Thf-altr— Vaudeville every alternoon and
evp-.iiT.t.
Fischer' f — VfcvdertUe.
Sutro Baths— Open nichts.
Btat« Kclr, Pacramer.to— ge^teirber 3 to 15.WASHINGTON. Aug. 20.— General Mac-
Arthur .transmits the following death
list from Manila:
Dysentery— August 2. Company C,
Twenty-second \ Infantry, William H.
Fullmer; Company F, Seventeenth 1 . In
fantry, George Mlddleton;, Company 'A,
Thirty-seventh Infantry, - Oscar Riblat;
August 12, Company M, Thirty-sixth In-
MACARTHUR SENDS
LIST, OF CASUALTIES
Southfleld -Wellington Coal,
recommended : by • tho best Dealers. •
,JVEST POINT. N. Yj, Aug. 2O.-The
Cuban teachers arrived here by boat at 12
o'clock. Colonel Alills, superintendent of
the academy; Quartermaster Bellinger
and Adjutant Rivers were In waiting at
the landing to receive them. As many as 1
could be were accommodated with stages
and carriages to convey them up the long
hill. They were escorted by soldiers de
tailed for that purpose to and tHrough all
the buildings of interest. Adjutant Rivers
had a guide book printed In Spanish for
their enlightenment. The teachers seemed
interested and delighted; In - everything
they saw. They left here to return to
.New York at 3 o'clock.
Teachers at West Point.
GEORGE GOULD IN PARIS
TO AID HIS SISTER
! "Will Save Valuable Articles Pur
chased by De Castellane From
I Auctioneer's Hammer.
I Fj-clal Dispatch to The Call.
| NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— A Journal special
j from Paris says: George J. Gould arrived
here Saturday. The best Informed say
that the object of his visit is to save his
I sister Anna, Countess de, Castellane. from
I a most humiliating consequence ,of her
• pink and white husband's extravagance.
] Georpe Gould will prevent the sale of
! the unique furniture, rare plate and fii.e
! horses and carriages which Count Boni
j purchased soon after he married Jay
I Gould's daughter.- when he lavished money
i as if the assets of the Bank of France
I were at his call. Most of the reports now
being published in. America are instigated
by fount Boni'? many enemies, and are
absurd. For example, there is no Chateau
i Marcuii. A chateau in France of any
! such name is truly a "chateau in Spain.
! Count Bor.i owns no chateau. How can
fc*» sell one?
Eighteen months ago he rented for three
years a chateau an hour's journey from
Paris. This house he filled with magnifi
cent furniture, which for a time it was his
fad to collect and for v.hich he paid fabu
lous prices. It is this furniture George
Gould will save from the auctioneer s
hammer or the grasping hands of credit
or*.
It includes pieces in three great salons,
one furnished in the style of Louis Quinze,
one after that of Louis Seize and one on
the manner of the empire. Besides this,
forty bedrooms in the chateau are fur
nished in a fashion scarcely less splendid.
There are. too. gold and silver plate, old
but newly bought, an immense number of
horses and carriages and a wine cellar
that bibbling Princes envy. It is to save
all these for his sister, not for his broth
er-in-law, that George Gould has come to
Revolting Story Told by an Eye-
Witness to the Killing of
the Jones Brothers at
Goodland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Aug. 20.— Ferocious instincts
had control of the people of Goodland,
Kansas, after the killing of the Union Pa
cltlc train robbers who robbed the express
near Hugo, August 4, one of whom was
burned to death. One of the detectives
who was in the posse returned to-day
from the scene of the capture and the
killing and says that the people in the
vicinity behaved like wild animals when
the body of the half burned robber was
taken out of the ruins of the Bartholomew
ranch house. Neither the Sheriff nor the
Coroner was able to restrain the crowd
which followed the body as it was borne
away.
The crowd forced Its way into the under
taker'8 shop. While the Coroner was out
of the oBlco several prominent persons of
the city got Into the room where the body
lay. One qarried a large butcher knife
and commenced a most terrible desecra
tion of the corpse. Pieces of llesh from
the dead robber's body were doled out as
souvenirs. If the Coroner had not ar
rived Just about that time it is probable
that there would have been no dead rob
ber to bury.
When the Coroner drove the crowd
away there was a rush for the smoking
ruins of the house, where several persons
found small pieces of the robber's bones.
The robbers were identified as the Jones
brothers of Springfield, Mo. The Union
Pacific will pay Bartholomew for the loss
of his burned hou.'-e.
BODIES OF DEAD
TRAIN ROBBERS
TORN TO PIECES
Human Flesh Dealt Out to
a Kansas Mob as
Souvenirs.
Autopsy Reveals That She Was Not
Beaten to Death as at First
Reported, but Was
Strangled.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20. — Frederick
Scharn, brother of Katherlne Scharn, the
young girl who was murdered in her
apartments Saturday night, and Lincoln
Elsenprice, said to be the girl's lover,
•were arraigned to-day and held for the
Coroner. The police no longer think rob
bery the cause of the crime.
Dr. Donlin. Coroner's physician, per
formed an autopsy on the body to-day.
He says Ihe young woman was not ham
mered" to death, but was strangled.
Inspector Hartrey. who has the Scharn
murder case in hand, gave out late to-day
the following: "The undertaker who lives
next door to the house where the murder
occurred says be was sitting in front of
his place, adjoining that where the mur
der occurred, from 7 o'clock Saturday'
evening until 10:30. During that time he
saw no one enter the house where the
murder was done or come out: neither did
he hear anv unusual noise, and the people
In the house heard no unusual noise dur
ing the night."
The inspector said that so far as he had
investigated he had found no evidence
derogatory to the character of the dead
girl. In his opinion the murder was done
by some one who was then in the girl's
apartment without her knowledge. He
believed this by the lack-of evidence of a
struggle. The only thing overturned In
the room was an easy chair, and he thinks
she was knocked over while sitting in the
chair and was dragged from It to her bed
room. He thinks the murder was com
mitted in the sitting-room, as he found n
clot of blood on the carpet, where ; the
body had probably lain for a little while
before it was dragged to the other room.
Brother and Lover of the
Girl Arraigned ard Held
for the Coroner.
SUSPECTED OF
THE MURDER OF
MISS SCHARN
fantary. -Walter S. Kelly; August 11,
Company I, Twenty-first Infantry. Quar
termaster Sergeant Edward Murphy;
August 14. Company A. Thirty-ninth In
fantry, James E. Curtis; August 17,
Company K, Third Infantry, Honry G.-
Voght; Company C, Forty-first Infantry,
Harry Barnhart.
Diarrhea — August 11. Company L, Six
teenth Infantry. Fred Gordon.
Entercolitis— August 16, Balsot, Cor
poral Coleman S. Stacy.
IIf»miplegia— August 15, Company D,
Seventeenth Infantry. Frank Dlxon.
Pycmia— Company A, Thirty-ninth In
fantry. Harvey Collins.
Variola— Company M. Thirtieth Infan
try. Rufus N. Finney; August 14. Com
pany L, Thirtieth Infantry, Jeff Sum
mers.
HUNTINGTON'S WILL
SOON TO BE OPENED
Pneumonia— Troop A, Eleventh i Cav
alry, William Lundy; August 16. ' Com
pany E, Thirty-sixth Infantry, Charles
Peterson.
Heart disease— August 5, Company E,
Seventh Infantry, Homer E. Ward.
Tuberculosis— August 13, Company B,
Thirty-seventh Infantry, Corporal Levi
C. Woodley.
Killed fighting comrade — August 4,
Company A, Thirty-sixth Infantry, Jo
seph Kelly.
Drowned— Company B, Thirty-eighth
Infantry, Boyd M. Young.
Plan to Await the Arrival of Princess
Hatzfeldt From Europe- Has
Been Abandoned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEY YORK. Aug. 20.— Arrangements for
the will of the late Collis P.
Huntington have been completed and the
contents of tho document, it is believed,
will be made public to-morrow. The num
ber and extent of interests involved make
it desirable that prompt action should bo
taken and the plan to await the arrival
from Europe of Princess Hatzfeldt has
therefore been abandoned. The Princess
will sail on the Oceanic from Liverpool on
Wednesday. Before her departure the will
will be file'd for probate and its provisions
made known. - .
There has been a great deal of specula
tion in Wall street and among railroad
men as to the disposition of Mr. Hunting
ton's millions and the likelihood of his
nephew. Henry - E. Huntington. succeed
ing him as president of- the Southern Pa
ciilc. but nothing definite as to his be
quests has been .learned. r-.7*vV,'
Kansas City Firemen Win.
PARIS. Aug. 20.— The Kansas City fire
men. In a class created at the exposition
for paid firemen, won the world's profes
sional championship cup. The officers re
ceived gold medals and silver medals, and
the money prize, 600 francs, will be di
vided among the officers and men. The
Minister of "War. General Andre, presented
the prizes to Captain Hale. Portugal won
the volunteer championship.
Monument to Floyd.
SIOUX CITY. Iowa. Aug. 20.— The cor
nerstone of the monument to Sergeant
Charles Floyd" of the Lewis and Clark
expedition was laid to-day with Impos
ing ceremonies. Ex-Congressman Per
kins made the principal address. Con
gress "and the State Legislature have
both . made appropriations for the monu
ment. l
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 2O.-The six
teenth Grand Council of the Young
Men's Institute convened here this
morning. The city has hung out its
bunting' and everywhere signs of
welcome to the visitors meet the eye. A
larsre number of the delegates have ar
rived from all parts of the State, and
many more are expected to-morrow,
when the business of the council will be
well under way.
This evening the delegates met in Hall
Raphael and organized for the labors that
will occupy their attention for the next
four days. The programme to-day also
Included a solemn high mass at St.
Raphael's Church in the morning and an
outing and reunion at San Rafael Park In
the afternoon.
The large church was filled to the doors
during the services this morning. The
solemn high mass was celebrated by the
Rev. Father W. D. Slattery of Napa.
grand chaplain of the order, assisted by
the Rev. Father Phillips as doacon and
the Rev. Father Burns as sub-deacon. The
sermon was delivered by the Rev. Father
J. "\V. Sullivan,' chaplain of St. Raphael's
Council No. 10. The text chosen was 1
Kings, iv:9: "Be ye strong and acquit
yourselves like men." The sermon was
eloquent and powerful and was attentive
ly listened to and greatly impressed those
who ¦were fortunate enouprh to be present.
The speaker dwelt upon the objects of the
order, and admonished his hearers never
to forget that love of country and correct
moral living were the watchwords of the
order and the foundation upon which it
rests.
The outing at San Rafael Park was en
joyed by the delegates and a large at
tendance of the residents of the city. A
brass band furnished music for the danc
ing, which lasted until late this after
noon. Hall Raphael, where the council
meets, has been beautifully decorated with
bunting, flags, ferns and flowers for the
occasion.
The real work of the council will comi
mence to-morrow morning and afternoon,
at which time sessions will be held. In
the evening a reception to the grand of
ficers and delegates will be given by the
ladles of the parish at Hall Raphael. The
following is a list of the committees hav,
lng the charge of the arrangements:
Executive— W. J. Eden (chairman), J. T. Bus
lin (secretary), James F. Manney (treasurer),
.T. D. Uayley, A. E. Scott. M. F. Cochran,
Edv.-ard Conroy, Frank P. Grady.
Finance — James Manney (chairman), "W. J.
Kden. M. F. Cochran. Frank P. GraJy. Ed
warO Conway, John D. Begley, R. W. John
son, J. Hayden.
Printing— A. E. Scott (chairman), John T.
Buslin, Th>i(Tias F. Boyd.
p resa _M. F. Cochran (chairman). B. J. Hay
den, \V. J. Eden.
Accommodations— James Manney (chairman).
Edward Conway. F. P. Grady.
Excursion and transportation— E. J. Hayden
(chairman), J. T. Buslin. A. E. Scott.
Religious exercises— Father Sullivan (chair
man). Father Egan. Father Phillips. Dr. J.
W. Wickman.
At the session of the institute this even
ing the Rev. Father Phillips of this parish
delivered the address of welcome to the
delegates. The committee on credentials
met and named the delegates entitled to
a seat in the council. The meeting then
adjourned until to-morrow morning at
10:30.
Arrangements have been completed for
an excursion from San Francisco next
Wednesday evening, on the occasion of
the ball to he piven under the auspices? of
the Grand Council. The 6:30 boat from
San Francisco will take those over who
intend to attend the ball, and a special
train will leave San Rafael at 11:30 p. m.,
connecting with the boat that will reach
the city in time for the last cars.' The
committee of arrangements will be on
hand to look after the comfort of all.
SCE>TE IN HALL RAPHAEL, IN
TOWN OF SAN RAFAEL, WHERE
THE SIXTEENTH ANNUAL. CON
VENTION OF THE GRAND COUN
CIL OF THE YOUNG MEN'S INSTI
TUTE BEGAN ITS SESSION YES
TERDAY. THE PICTURES OF
PERSONS IN THE ILLUSTRATION
ARE THOSE OF THE LEADING
MEMBERS OF THE COUNCIL, AND
OF SOME OF THE COMMITTEES
THAT HAVE STRIVEN TO MAKE
THE GATHERING. .WITH ITS AT
TENDANT SOCIAL. FEATURES, A
GREAT SUCCESS.
Sixteenth Aruwial Gor\Ver\tiorv Begins With 5olemr\
Religious Exercises at 5ar\ J^afael arvd a;Y
Outing ir\ the Park FolloWs.
T OKDOX. Aug. 2L— Referring to the
I tension between Roumanla and
1 Bulgaria, caused by the demand of
I . the Roumanian Government for
the arrest of .Sarafow. president of
the revolutionary committee of Sofia, the
Bulgarian capital, together with the sup
pression of that body, the Vienna corre
spondent of the Dally Express says:
"The Bulgarian reply to the note of
Roumanla has been received at Bucha
rest. It is couched Jn aggressive terms.
"Bulgarian troops are being continually
moved to the frontier. The Macedonian
revolutionary committee has collected lOrtO
volunteers under the command of Bulga
rian regular officers, and will raid Rou
manian territory.
"Three Roumanian army corps are
mobilizing. King Charles, speaking to his
officers Sunday, said: 'Gentlemen, be
ready for war. It can happen at any
moment. You will prove yourselves
worthy successors of the heroes of l&i*.
"Addressing the Minister of foreign af
fairs. M. 1a Hovary, he said:
•• "Thus do the ungrateful Bulgarians re
pay all the blood we shed for them m
"The Roumanian Minister at Sofia wih
be immediately recalled."
MRS. EMILY DANFORD
IS SERIOUSLY ILL
Widow of the Late California Mil
lionaire Suffering From Typhoid
Pever in Kansas.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
TOPEKA, Kans.. Aug. 20.-Emily C.
Danford, widow of Colonel Danford, mil
lionaire of San Jose. Cal.. is seriously sick
at the home of her sister, Mrs. Amanda
Miller, in this city. She has been sutler
ing from nervous prostration for some
time, but typhoid fever has developed,
making her condition quite serious.
When taken sick Mrs. Danford was re
turning to California from a trip around
the world, having visited the Orient. Con
tinental Europe and the British Isles.
BATHERS DR0WNEJ>.
Three Perish in the Surf Off Cape
May Point.
CAPE MAY. N. J., Aue. 2O.-Eller.
Young. Sallna Newhouser and Albert J.
Schwab, all of Philadelphia, were drowned
in the surf at Cape May Point to-day.
They were bathing and got beyond their
depth. Schwab made a noble effort to
save his companions, holding their uncon
scious bodies above the water for some
time.
Just as a boat which went to their res
cue reached hl3 side h-- loosened his grasp
on the women and sank out of sight. Tho
women were taken ashore, and although
the usual methods for resuscitating
drowned persons were resorted to for two
hours they could not be brought back to
life. Schwab's body has not yet been re
covered.
BERLIN. Aug. 20. — An association of the
larsest Berlin banks ha« resolved to confine Its
brokerage business to firms and persons regis
tered In the Bourse register.
Demand for the Arrest of Saxafow,
President of tho Revolutionary
Committee, the Cause of
the Trouble.
MINISTER TO BE RECALLED
Troops Are Being Hurried
Toward the Roumanian
Border.
BULGARIA
PREPARING
FOR WAR
GRAND COUNCIL OF YOUNG
MEM'S INSTITUTE IN SESSION
TOPEKA. Kara.. Aug. 20.-A11 the de
tails for the P.ryan notification meeting:
have been arranged. A special committee
composed of ex-Governors John W. Leedy.
L. I). LJewellyn and John P. St. John. J.
<j. Alien. John \\. Breidentha!. John Mad-
n .'i ," -? r^- A - Harris. Colonel E. C.
J,ut e. C. T. Boas and Jerry Simpson will
meet Mr Bryan :n Atchison at 6:20 a. m..
A ."£ U5 \ t "'•, and afl 7ornpanr him to Topeka.
The local rer-ejujon committee will meet
. tlic part> at the depot and with the To-
city troops «U] escort thrrn to the.
r . national Hotei. where Mr Bryan will
meet the notification committee." the com
mittee representing : Topeka and the pres
fr n i ,^ C^uJ\ n cr th 'T. commIUe<?s ' includ
ing lae general State Committee, will meet
M JL- 1Jryan at the Crawford Opera-house.
The committee on programme has de-
NETl- YORK. Aug. 20.— Senator Wil
liam Stewart of Nevada called at
Republican headquarters - to-day
and said he had decided to vote for
President JIcKinley. He made a
statement in part as follows:
"The United States went to war with
Bpain. ureed by the Democrats. The pop
ularity of the war was such that Mr.
Bryan joined the army. The war was suc
cessful and a treaty of peace was entered
Into whereby the United Stales agreed
to pay $20,000,000 and accept the sovereign
ty and public property of Spain in the
Philippine archipelago. There was oppo
sition to ratification of the treaty. Mr.
Bryan came to Washington and persuad
ed his Democratic friends to vote for the
treaty, and it was through his influence
tha-t the trea.ty was finaJly ratified. It
then b«carr.e the duty of the United
States to maintain law and order and pro
tect the lives and property of al! resi
dents in the islands, whether native or
foreign born. The United States at the
time of the ratification of the treaty held
military possession of Manila; and imme
diately after such ratification assnuuo
the sovereignty of the islands. Tne peo
ple of the United States, particularly o£
the Pacil-c Coast, became entitled to the
vast commerce of the Pacihc Ocean, of
which the Philippines furmsh the Key.
-Once Apuinalao had raised a rebellion
in Luzon against Spain before the com
mencement of the Spanish war with the
United States. This adventurer had sold
out or settled his rebellion with Spam for
S400O00 before Dewey se* s=ail for Man:. a.
and as a part of the bargain with Spain
Aguinaldo agreed to leave the islands an«l
ct-ver return.
"Dewey took the wily agitator back to
the islands, supposing, as a matter of
course, that Aguinalao would naturally
be an enemy of Spain and a friend of the
United States. In this Admiral Dewc-y
¦was mistaken. Xgruinaldo, as soon as he
landed on his native soil, organized a re
bellion against the United States, v.hich
would have been of little consequence 4f
be had not been able lo obtain comfort
and aid in this country. An organization
was formed in the United States called
the AnU-Impor1alist League, which has
fcr the last two years co-operated with
Ajruinaldo's Taga.1 junta. wiLh headquar
ters at Hongkong, to supply literature and
materials of war for Agumaldo. President
McKinley had no authority to buy out
.AsruinaJdVs rebellion against the United
State?, but was bound by the treaty
(which was the supreme law of the land)
to maintain law and order and protect life
and property in the islands. It required a
large army and th*> expenditure of hun
dreds of millions of dollars to put down
Aguinaldo's rebellion. The assistance and
the encouragement he received from the
AnJ'-Impcrialist Lieagrue and the enemies
of the United States, both at home and
abroad, made his barbarous and irregular
war bloody s.vA expensive.
•*f or.prf'ss. however, made all necessary
appropriations, providing for the execu
tive men -ind money to maintain the au
thority of the United States '.n thr Philip
pines." The so-called anti-imperialists de
clared the policy pursued by the Gov
ernment to put down the rebellion and
maintain Jaw and order in all territories
of tho United States, without regard to
the time when such territories were ac
quired ma 'in:r>~rial!sm' and that any use
of the 'army to maintain law and order —
however nec<--«?arj"— was 'militarism.' and
that giving aid and comfort to rebels in
arms against the United States was
'mnintaininp iho principles of the Declara
tion of Independence.'
"Mr. Bryan's unparalleled campaign for
the rrtn < "'Pl es °f the Chicago platform,
ar.d his insistence upon the adoption of
that platform at Kansas City, induced
the people to suppose that the campaign
of 1900 would be conducted on the issues
cf l>-i*6. In this it seems they were mis
taken." ,, _
Senator Stewart then quotes Mr. Bry
an's declaration of his intention, if elect
ed, to call an extra session of Congress
to sive the Philippines freedom upon the
fame terms as Cuba. He also denounces
the recent convention of anti-imperialists
st Indianapolis. He also denounces Mr.
P.ryan for' promising to attempt to "ex
terid the Monroe doctrine to the Orient."
ITONLEY'S LETTER WILL
DEAL WITH IMPERIALISM
Er*cia' IMspatch to The Call.
XEW YOPvK. Aug. 20.— A World f=p*clal
from Washington says: President McKin
ley has decided to accept the challenge of
Mr. Bryan's Indianapolis speech and will
devote nearly all of his letter of accept
ance to the question of imperialism. He
will endeavor to show how the Republi
can party, from his point of new, has
wrought a great and lifting benefit by its
course during and sir.ee the war with
Hpain. The authority for these state
ments is Governor Roosevelt.
It was learned to-day that the President
•will make sc-veral speeches during the
campaign, mr>re than he had led the Re
publican managers to expect. These ¦will
r.ot be announced beforehand. They will
just happen. But they will happen at
opportune tlmc6 and be as strong as the
President can make them.
It was practically decided to-night that
the letters of acceptance should not be
given out until the President returns to
Oanton in September^
ROOSEVELT THE GUEST
OF PRESIDENT ft/TKINLEY
WASHINGTON. Aug. 20. — Governor
Roosevelt of New York is in Washington
and is a guest of President McKinley ut
the White House. The Governor arrived
berc shortly alter 6 o'clock to-nipht Ami
was met at the station by Secretary Cpr-
T<!you who escorted nim to the executive
munition. Ir. anticipation ' of Governor
Rooserelfa visit the President and Mrs.
McKinley had Invited the Cabinet mem
ben a'ld others to m«ct the Governor at
dinner* at » the White House. The party
iii'iudod Postmaster G-neral Smith, S?c
r-tary and Mrs. <ia S e. Secretary Wilson.
Secretary Hitchcock find Adjutant Gon
trai Cnrbin. Soon after the dinner the jn
viwd guests ¦withdrew.
Various political and other matters wer-«
fll»cpss"l by the Presidential and Vice
l*retider.tial cJindidafs, the conference
lasting until midnight. No statement
other than this was made as to the con
f*r;>n<~e. During the evening Comptroller
nairj '-ailed on business with the Pr«<i
'1' oti loiter in the evening the Comptroller
lefl for New York. The visit of Governoi
Roosevelt was «?nt!rel«* unexpected, and
hip prr-smcp in the city was not generally
known. He oxi>ects to remain until to
rnorrow. when he will return to New
i ork.
PROGRAMME OF THE
BRYAN NOTIFICATION
Announces His Intention or Casting a Vote
for McKinley and Enters Into Detailed \
Explanation for His Political Change.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 20.— W. H. Gal
braJth. H. F. Kron. H. T. LJllIencrantz,
D. H. Trout, H. S. Wanzer. R. H. Prin
gle. H. C. Wyckoff. G. G. Radcliff and I.
H. Tuttle are the delegates to the State
and Congressional conventions. They
were chosen at Saturday's primaries.
SALIXAS. Aug. £0.— Complete returns
for delegates to the Republican State
Convention from the Sixth Congressional
District are as follows:
Salinas— A. F. Abbott and B. G. Tognazzlani.
Pajaro— N. Hudson.
Monterey— E. C. MIchaelis ajid F. N. Hliby.
Pacific Grove— E. U. Rich.
O>nzales— S. SV. Mack.
Jolon— T. T. Tldball.
Cruz and Monterey.
Results of the Primaries in Santa
m
REPUBLICAN DELEGATES.
Mills Wallace, chairman of the Demo
cratic convention, denounced Manly in a
j violent speech at midnight. He declared
that Manly was not a Democrat, and ex
horted the delegates over whom he pre
sided not to vote for him. The convention
made the indorsement, nowever, and Wal
lace then proceeded to denounce the con
vention, declaring that the delegates were
not frre men, but that they had been
cowed by the threats of the Populists.
The convention closed amid the most
dramatic scenes, the iight between the
various factions resembling the stormy
times of several years ago.
Th<; Democrats chose the following dele
gates to the State Convention, subject to
the primaries:
Sixty-second Assembly District— J. W.
I Briscoe, E. H. Tucker. John Cercni. J.
I Jackson. J. J. Vanderburg. E. W. Wilson,
John Daniels and Edwin Gowcr. Sixtv
j third— A. J. Elmore. W. II. McKenzfe
{ John C Morror, N. P. Justy, J. A. Ward,
Marvin Simpson and J. T. Chick.
The Populists indorsed the Democratic:
nominees for Judges, r.nd passed a resolu
tion declaring their intention of "fusing"
on such other nominations as the Demo
crats should make. In return the Demo
crats indorsed \V. P. Manly, the Popu.Ust
Supervisorial candidate, and thus com
pleted the "fusion" bargain.
Interest in the Democratic Convention
culminated this evening when the time
came for nominating the candidates for
the two Superior Judgeships. Nearly ev
ery* democratic lawyer in Fresno had
entered the race and the contest was the
most exciting seen In a Fresno convention
in many a day. E. D. Edwards, the pres
ent Assistant District Attorney, received
one of the nominations on the first bal
lot. Oeorge E. Church received the next
highest number of votes and on the third
builot he was nominated as Edwards'
running mate.
During the balloting there was a good
deal of acrimonious discussion, and fre
quent references to the stabbing affray in
the morning.
FRESNO. Aug. 20.— The Democratic
and Populist County Conventions were
in sesbion here all day. The only nomi
nation made by the Populists was that
of Supervisor in the Second District, W.
S. Manly receiving the honor.
at Fresno Convention-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Democrats Indulge in Warm Words
FUSION AND HOT TIMES.
LINCOLN. Aug. 20.— Mr, Bryan practi
cally completed his Topeka speech to-day.
He put in the entire day at the farm, thus
preventing all interruptions. The speech
will be only about half the length of the
Indianapolis speech and it will be a reply
both to the Populist nomination and the
Monetary League indorsement in case he
receives notice of the latter. Mr. Bryan
will so to Wahoo to-morrow to make a
speech, and he will to-morrow night start
on his way to Topeka, making four or five
addresses In Southern Nebraska Wednea
dav.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 20.— James Mor
rison, State department commander of the
Grand Army of the Republic, ann6unced
to-day that but three of the thlrty-slx
posts in this city, with a membership of
T.wxt. will send delegations to the national
encampment in Chicago next week. Com
mander Morrison stated that this action
is the result of the Invitation extended to
\V. J. Bryan to attend the encampment.
"It is customary," said Mr. Morrison,
"to Invite the President, but never a can
didate, and the old soldiers express Indig
nation because they object to politics be
ing- Injected into the encampment. The
delegations from this city will consist of
about 150 men. the smallest number that
has attended an encampment during the
past twenty years."
BRYAN HAS PREPARED
HIS TOPEKA SPEECH
VETERANS OBJECT TO
PRESENCE OF BRYAN
elded to bepln the notification ceremony
a l 3 o'clock. The meeting will be called
lo order by Chairman Ridgley of the Pop
ulist State Committee, and an address of
welcome will be delivered by David Over
meyer. Marion Butler, permanent chair
man of the ceremonies, will then be.intro
auct-d and take charge of the exercises
proper. T. M. Patterson, chairman of the
notification committee, will then deliver
the notification address, which will be fol
lowed by tne reply of Mr. Bryan. A re
ception will be held at the speakers' stand
after Mr. Brvan's address. Mr. Bryan
will leave on the Union Pacific at 8 o'clock.
STEWART RETURNS TO
THE REPUBLICAN FOLD
Nevada Senator Caustically Arraigns
the Opponents of Impe
rialism,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1900.
Paris.
7
ADVEBTISTnVTEOTS.
J]/£*y es , ma
• ZtW
Why trifle wiih ¦ health
when the easiest and
surest help is the best
known medicine in the
world 7
I Lydia E. Pu&hain'j Y«$tUb!e Compound J
is known everywhere and
thousands of women have
been cured of serious kid-
ney derangements by it*
Mrs. Pinkhatn's meth-
ods have the endorse-
ment of the mayor, the
postmaster and others of
her own citym
Her medicine has the
endorsement of an un-
numbered multitude of
grateful wontien whoso
letters are constantly
printed in t*#s paper*
Every womaza should read
these letters*
Mrs* Pinkham advises
suffering women free of
charge* Her address is
Lynn, fiffasso
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
ONLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
THIS EVENING! THIS EVENING!
The Greatest Version of
"SAF'HO"
WHICH I^AST NIGHT DUPLICATED THB
FUROR IT CREATED IN PARIS.
SEE THE RED "SAPIIO 1 ."
PRICES 1 . lOc. 15c. SSe. SOc.
A few front rows In orchestra 73c
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
LEE,
THE GREAT HYPNOTIST.
IS 1IYSTIFYINO THE BIG AUDIENCES AT
THE CALIFORNIA.
ALL THIS "WEEK. MATIXEK SATURDAY.
I SEE tho hj-pn^tized man slcerins in the lobby
' of the California Theater. He will be awak-
ened on Wednesday nljfht at 10:30 on the
stae* of the California Theater.
SPECIAL prices for this engagement: Orches-
tra 60 cents, P.alcony 23 cents. Gallery lo
NOTE-ON WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY
AFTERNOONS
SPECIAL MATINEES OF THE
"BROWNIES IN FAIR rL/lND !"
W^LU fi lO&rl VXSAXUl
A GREAT TRIUMPH:
—ALL THIS WEEK—
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
Charlea Frchtnan Presents
HENRY MILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY.
In the Romantic Play.
The ONLY WAY
I Adapted by Fre»man Wills From Charles
Dickens" Novel. "A TALE OF
TWO CITIES."
Thursday Afternoon and Sunday Nljrht.
Last 5— BURTON HOLMES LECTURE!
Subject. "HAWAIIAN ISLANDS."
I
THE WORLD'S GREATEST AP.TT3T3 DJ
FLAWLESS VAUDEVILLE.
NEWSKY TROUPE,
LEW HAY/KINS, CAROLINE HULL.
ARNIM and WAGNER.
FOUR JUGGLTNG JOHNSONS. MRS. BES-
SIE BLITZ-PAXTON. MACARTS GREAT
ANIMAL SHOW. SAM MORRIS AND CO..
AMERICAN niOGRAPH.
Reserved Seat3. 23c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
i *
To-nlcht. Thursday. Sunday Evenings and
Saturday Matinee.
"MIGNON."
Poletlnl. Repetto. Graham. Russo and Nlcollnt.
"MIGNON" Commences at 3 p. m. Sharp!
, Wednesday. Friday and Saturday Evenings.
;TANNHAUSER.
i Avedano, Salassa. Schuster. Anna Llchter and
EXtle Stewart.
Seats en Sale Seven Days Ahead.
POPULAR PRICES— V> AND 30 CENTa
TELEPHONE— BUSH g.
h? <SB>T.3 r i t0 . ,
Ijwo V/eeks of Racing.
&- JlJL. Dog SHOV/.
Exkibiis Carried tiFrA^-
Excursion Ratcs^ciVisitars.
V/rfte .for Particulars to
DeterJ. Shields, a.BJSpreckels»
* SECRETARY. *»RtSID£fiT-
/ W ¦ Taeidajr, Angoit zi»t
.new fall
The early fall
I blocks are in a
!* month ahead of
time, low crown,,
a little wider
; brim. Hat style
at little cost.
The Violet — A soft hat without a
crease. Pearl, cedar, Oxford
grey, black or brown.
; ea. $1.85 and $2.35
I The Fedora — As much worn as
¦ V 1 ever. For business men.
I ca. $1.85 and $2.35
I The Derby — Low crowns arc pop-
* I ular, but b r i m s arc a bit \vi-
1 der. Black and brown.
I ca. $1.85 and J2.35
AMUSEMENTS.
J*z^. "•** Faun 5? Bi T E? Iff ¦ ¦<» v
A I Mb, £mtr\ I m\ E« > r
THE CORRECT VERSION!
Revival by General Request 2
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET,
CXLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEXT WEEK "FROU-FROU"
PT^PHP'R'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
flOtnlin O AdmU.lon 10c.
Eudora Forde. Contralto: the Berlin Slaters.
Vocalists; the Waterman Sisters. Coon Sot»k
SInrers and Dancers; Martin and RIdgway.
I'antomlmlsts; Irene Franklin. Cornet 1st.
Reitrved S»ats. ,2£c; Matlne*. Sunday.
SOTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Op«n Dally. From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c
Bathing, Including admission, 25c; children, 20cSelling of Fireworks Licensed.
The City Attorney yesterday advised the
Board of Supervisors against the refund
ing of money paid for the privileges of
selling fireworks. He holds that the char
ter provision releasing from license taxes
all who sell merchandise at a fixed place
of business does not take from tho city
; authority under its general police power
1 to Impose a, license on a business such as
that of selling fireworks, which is of a
I hazardous nature.
The members of Ramona Parlor, N. S.
G. W., of Los Angeles, .will parade on
horseback. There will be about fifty men
in line, all attired In the rich and pictur
esque costume of the early Californians.
Kx-Senator Stephen M. White, who is a
member of the parlor, will be its special
guest and will ride in a carriage. This
parlor has secured headquarters at the
Grand Hotel, where a reception will bo
held on the afternoon of the 10th, and In
the evening there will be an at home.
The Executive Council of Finance made
a fresh start yesterday in the raising of
funds for the celebration. VThe results
were of an encouraging character, and
gave, the council new reason to. believe
that the entire fund of $50,000 will be in
hand before the closa of the week. Among
subscriptions acknowledged yesterday
were the following:
L. T. (cash). $130. Sanborn, Vail t
Co.; Metzger & Franklin; California Ho
tel ;-RIsdon Iron and Locomotive Works:
Bowers Rubber Co.; $50 each. Summer
field & Roman. $35. E. G. Lyons; G.W.
Craig & Co.;Naber, Alfs & Brune; San
Francisco Savings Bank; German Savings
and Loan Society; . Alexander Humboldt
Cigar; Yates & Co. ; Standard Oil Co. ;
Arctic Oil Co.; C. G. Clinch & Co.; Sher
man. Clay & Co. ; Bullock. Jones . & Co. ;
Carroll & Tilton; Pacific Oil and Lead
Works^Navlet & Hanson; s Livingston
Bros.; Welnstock. Lubin & Co.; Owl Drug
Co.; Columbus Phonograph Co.; Cleveland
r aucet Co. ; O'Donnell & I Deerman ; A. J.
Drinkhouse & Co.; Rinaldo Bros; $25 each
Contention Between the Shipping
Commissioner and the Adminis
trator Over His Estate.
Fhipplng CommJestoncr Barsctt. Tilted
Etntps Attorr.ry Coombs and Captiin Ccul
lirn, quartermaster of tho Government
transport Pheridan. are takinp steps to
I>revr>nt the Public Administrator from
taking possession of the estate of John
THlIman. late second mate of the trans
port. Ilillmfin was killed in an accident
about a week aso. and the Public Admin
istrator ha* 1 had Captain Couilinj? ordered
to appear before Judpe Troutt and show
< :rjn> why he should not deliver to the
Administrator the effects of Hillman.
¦which agcresrate more than $4000. in this
city. The property consists of two life In
surance policies, amounting to $3090, a
bank book Fhowins: a credit of $500 and
sevi ral thousand dollars on deposit In a
har.k In Rhode Island. Hillman was a
Pwrdp, ar.d his only known living relative
is his r.ged mother, who resides In Sweden.
SAILOR HILLMAN WAS
POSSESSED OF WEALTH
His Wife Testified That She Sold
Her Jewels to Come to
America.
The examination of Julian Tregenna
Biddulph Arnold for embezzling £624S of
j the estate of Thomas John Domville Tay
j lor, deceased, ¦was held yesterday before
I Vnited States Commissioner Ileacock
! Bert Schleslnger nppe;iring for th» defend-
I ant and Cormac & Donohoe for the Brit
1 ish Vice Consul.
; The defendant went on the stand and
; made a full explanation of the affair. He
! told how the Taylor will left the matter
j of the investment of the funds to the dis
! cretion of his trustees, of whom the widow
¦ of Taylor was one. and that they Invested
In certain mortgages on London residence
¦ property under control of Arnold's firm.
j Arnold claimed that the property could
I be sold for a sum exceeding 1 the.
: amount of the mortgraffe and interest by
: about £:.00. Mrs. Arnold, wife of the do
j fendant. testified that she and her hus
band left England with £143. the proceeds
of the sale of her own jewelry, and that
Mr. Arnold brought no money with him
Judce Heacock held the defendant for
1 extradition.
JULIAN ARNOLD HELD
ON A THIRD CHARGE
Point Lobos Improvement Club to the
Front for Measures Deemed
Necessary.
The Point Lrfib^s Improvement Club ha-*
prveral measures under consideration, all
looking to the improvement of the Rich
mond district. The first ar.d most Im
portant to be Irought to the attention of
the municipal officials is the taking off of
three feet from both sid^-s of the side
walk on Clement Ktreet. Since th*» Sutro
? iectric car line extended its rails on this
thoroughfare th" street has been declared
too narrow for traffic While the roadway
is thus congested the sidewalks are de
ctared to be too wide. To equalize this
lopsided condition the club proposes to
have three feet taken off the sidewalks of
dement street and add that much to the
width of the street. Before this can be
done, however, it will be neecssary to ob
tain the consent of a majority of the prop
erty owners and also to have the Super
visors take action.
The club also wlsbd to have thrce-fot
cwrei- sir.rwaiks laid on e%'ery open
tai ret in the <r.tire distrJct. Additional
« leetrif lights will be t^ked, also six ex
tra policemen.
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS
IN RICHMOND DISTRICT
Bazaar to Be Held for the Purpose of
Raising Funds for Erecting
Building.
Preparations for the fancy bazaar to be
held in the armory of Company O, League
of the Cross Cadets, for the benefit of St.
John's' Church building, fund, are nearly
completed. The pretty booths are receiv
ing finishing touches by fair hands and
the hall has taken on a gala appearance.
The bazaar will be opened on Thursday
evening and the enthusiastic members of
the parish can hardly restrain the joy
they anticipate in displaying the beauti
ful and useful articles that will be offered
for sale.
An excellent entertainment has been ar
ranged for the Initial evening of the fair.
Supervisor Peter J. Curtis will act as
chairman. Frank T. Shea, the well
known architect, will deliver the oration,
and there will be vocal. and instrumental
music and specialties by Miss Annie
Rooney, Miss Etta Walsh, Miss Sadie Mc-
Ilugh and William Hynes.
The bazaar will be nttingly announced
to the public through an entertainment
and dance to be given In aid of St. Pat
rick's booth to-morrow evening In Mission
Opera Hall, Mission street, between Seven
teenth and Eighteenth. That the fair
will be a success is assured. The mem
bers of the parish under the direction of
Rev. Father Brady, their popular pastor,
are working with enthusiasm. Their
parish is the only one In this city without
a church. At present the residents of the
Mission road and vicinity are using the
old St. Mary's College building for a place
of worship. The fear that the .grounds
and buildings might be sold any 1 day has
encouraged the parishioners to give the
bazaar. The money derived from the af
fair will be devoted to erecting an edifice
adjoining the handsome parochial house
on St. Mary's avenue. The following com
mittees are working for the success of the
"bazaar:
Reception committee — John McNerney. Arthur
McCann. Thomas Mlnlhan, Thomas Cullen. Jo
seph Shaw, James Clark, Joseph McDeavitt,
Joe Johnson, Mr. Morrison, 'William McKewen,
John Tamoney, John Cherry, Mr. Moullle. Mr.
Amrock, Peter Hanneberry. Mr. Hines, Mr.
Santry. Mr. Decarter, Mr. Daly. Mr. Xlland.
Mr. Fay, Peter Lettish, Mr. Kelly. Edward
Behn, Mr. Sheridan. Mr. Sullivan. Mr. Flannl
gan. Mr. McCall, Mr. Rlordan. Mr. Singleton.
Mr. Oannon, Mr. Duffy. Mr. Fenton. Mr. Reis
inR, Mr. Fagin. Mr. McCarthy, Mr. O'Connor.
Mr. Powers. Mr. O'Connor. Mr. Sullivan, Mr.
Rica Austin O'Brien. Mr. Banning, Walter
Walsh, Mr. Halpln. Thomas O'Day. Mr. Fitz
gerald. Mr. ' Bogue. -¦ Mr. Dempsey. Mr. Flnnl
gran. Mr. Manton. Mr. Leonard. Patrick White.
William Krophy, Mr. Sullivan. Mr. Costello.
Thomas Trainer, Mr. Eldridre, John Llnlhan,
Patrick Mitchell, George Gibbons, Thomas
Shawbridge, George , Richardson. William
Towns. Thomas Towns, Joe. Fredrlcks.
Press committee— Jpsex>h Taaffe. • Georire
Taaffe. : William Mllrlck; James Skehan. Mr.
Mnguire, John Finnigan, Bernard Burns, Mich
aob BoKue. Mr. Newson. Mr. ' Couchlan, John
McLester. W illlam . Bell. <: Mr. O'Rourke. Mr
Murphy. Frank Meyers. Thomas Meyers. Ii.
Clarkr Victor Gudclin, Mr.) Hullnjr. Mr. Mal
loy, Mr. McLaughlln. /
Entertainment committed— Professor Taaffe
Mr. Ewell, Mr. Magle, Mr. Harthnot, Mr. Cas-
Mdy. Mr. Turner, Mr. Kerrigan. Mr. Coleman,
Fred Manincke. Mr.- Lilly, Mr. Reilly Mr
Bogue, Mr. Glillgan, J. Dennlson. ¦ \
ST. JOHN'S PARISH TO
HAVE ITS OWN CHURCH
INVITATION ON A GOLD
PLATE FOR PRESIDENT
The appellant declares that the results
of the bond elections were never declared,
as provided by the general law. He as-*
errts that the records show that the work
was lut half done. The returns were
canvassed and the number of votes esti
mated, but there the Board of Election
CommiFpioners stopped. The result, he
says, should have been officially declared.
Several strong points are made in the I
attack upon the action of the city ofllelals.
It is argued that in tht- call for the special
election the elector was not specially in
formed as to what the election was to be
for, as required by the State law. The
kind of money In which the bonds shall
be payable also was not stated. The ba^is
of the second ground for enjoining the
defendants was that the propositions for
the acquisition of thrfe separate and
widely divided tracts of land wore con
solidated on the election ballot and gav»
the elector no opportunity of expressing
his opinion for or against either proposition
separately. Another point -made Is that in
the new charter there is no enabling
clause authorizing the legislative body,
created by the charter, to gather up the !
loose ends of proceedings inaugurated but |
not completed by the legislative body «x-
istlng prior to the adoption of the charter. I
oi nones.
The appellant's opening brief In the case
of Eugene N. Fritz against the City and
County of San Francisco has been filed
In the Supreme Court by Arthur Barendt
and Charles E. Naylor. It is an appeal
from a judgment sustaining the demurer
to a complaint In an -lction by Sir. Fritz,
in 'which lie sought to restrain the Mayor
and Supervisors from proceeding furthtr
in the matter of issuing city bonds .for
certain contemplated public Improve
ments. These proposed Improvement!)
were the purchase of land for a park ex
tending from Market street to Golden
Gate Park, known as the Panhandle ex
tension, the connection of Golden Gato
Park with the Presidio reservation, and
the nurcha«e of a Mission nark.
Relating to the Issuance
of Bonds.
ATTACKS MADE ON THE
PANHANDLE ELECTION
Strong Points m the Appeal Case
Bad Chines* Native Son.
. Sfe Toy Juey, inspector of the Chinese
parlor of the Native Sons called Golden
Gate Parlor, was arrested yesterday for
stealing two opium pipes and the banner
of the parlor from the headquarters on
Waverley place. He appeared before
Judge Cabaniss and the case was con
tinued till to-morrow.
Ludwig Lankenau. proprietor of a lodg
ing-house at 05 Steuart street, was ar
rested yesterday on a warrant charging
him with grand larceny. The complain
ing witness is Frank Maihama, steward
on the ship Edward Sewall. He alleges
that he hired a room at 95 Steuart street
August 16. He had $225 in his trousers
pocket and when he awoke in the morning
the pocket had been cut and the money
stolen.
Robbed a Steward.
W. H. Rhode*, submitting offer and bid of
H22S for the Mountain View property in Santa
Clara Oouuty. reverting to the City and Coun
ty of San Francisco in the suit against for
mer Treasurer Widber; United States Pension
F.xarr.'r.'.r.e Surgeons for the assignment to
them of a room in the City Hall for the. pur
j.of*- of 'laminlr* no!. Mere Tor pensions; resi
dents and property owners requesting the plac
ing of electric arc light? at the Junction of
Coso and Pros:>ect avenues and also at the
Junction of Ksmeralda and Prospect avenues.
The following communications, protests and
I^etitlor.s were referred to committees:
Eeferred to Committees.
A resolution was adopted directing the City
Engineer to prepare plans for a municipal
tiffhtiac Plant.
i »riJinan<v»s were finally passed granting the
Hoard of Public Works power to Issue per
mit* for *>noroach?nr nts upon and use of the
j'Ulilic Btreeta, declaring It th» duty of prop
erty nwncrs to r«-p & ir fide sewers or drains
end makins it a misdemeanor to neglect th«
r'-i'»!r of sarnf a't*r notice received from the
Bo«r4 <>f Public "Works; reducing the wtdth of
Fidewalks on Boylston Ftrf*-t northward from
Stiver avenue; authorizlr.gr an expenditure of
f- ¦'•'¦ ¦' in payment to the State for the mainte
nance of pupils ct the Whlttier Iteform School
for July, I9M; authorizing the payment of va
rious sums to the Pacific Surety Company
r.r.d to the sub-contractors of the Hall of
Justice and Morgue buildings.
Th*- authorization to nv Hh.a & Shea cer
t&:». architects' ff*s in connection with the
building of the HslI of Justice was referred
to the Public Buildings Committee to deter
rr.iiu- if the firm ha? the rtpht to charge a
!¦> nocntace on the furniture, placed in the bulld
ir. C .
T»i<- ordinance recommended by the BoarO
Of H<allh which <Jc-?.ne* the term "cellar" and
inhibits" th«- use of unsanitary basements as
;!ao-f of abode was passed to print. It is
eesedmOT airat-d at the malMorous under
tT'iuriil arartmrnts in Chinatown.
A resolution was adopted providing for the
s; i-'ir.irrn-r.t of a committee from the Board
of Public Works an<3 Board of Health to meet
xvHh the Surwrvisors Hospital and Health
Onmrr.me* fur the ruri-ose of Investigating and
f'.rmr.latinz a rlan for the abatement of the
Uicstoa Channel nuisance.
Miscellaneous Business.
The Dumbarton Land and Improvement
/Company submitted to the board the
Hands owned by It in Alameda
and Santa Clara counties for the purpose
of investigating the same for a source cf
supply of artesian water for this city. The
company owns about 21.000 acres of land
having *a frontage of seventeen miles on
the bay. The flow from ten-inch artesian
wells 00 the lands without pumping or
forcing water is about 5("K) gallons per
minute from each well. As wells can be
drilled on any portion of the land an un
limited supply of water can be obtained,
which could be pumped direct to San
Francisco or Ftnred in reservoirs in the
hills between Warm Springs and Mllpitas.
The ufff-r was referred to the Public
l"tiikk'« Committee.
The Board of Public Works will proceed
immediately to the investigation and sur
vey of Lake Tahoe as an available source
ui water bupply for this city. The Board
of bupervifcora indefinitely postponed a
resolution yesterday which directed the
Board of Works not to carry out the pro
posed Investigation. As a consequence the
eun-ertng paxty appointed heretofore,
•which bas been awaiting the action of the
Supervisors, will proceed with its work at
once.
fcurervisor McCarthy explained that he
had introduced the resolution in order to
have the legal flatus of tho case deter
mined and idso %> ascertain whether the
State had any right to go out of Its con-
I'.iies to secure water rights, and whether
the city has any Jurisdiction at all In the
premises. He was opposed, he said, to the
city going to any expense until these
points had been settled, and he moved
reference of the resolution to the City At
torney.
Supervisor Reed read a long report of
the public utilities committee In which in
detiiiiie postponement of the resolution
was recommended. Reasons were ad
vanced why the Tahoe Investigation
f hould be prosecuted at or\ce. He said the
engineers had reported In favor . of the
project and that the plain charter pro
visions had been followed la ordering the
Inquiry.
"Thtr time Is short." 6ald Reed, "and
the iilans as outlined should be carried
out immediately. The Public UtilitiesCom
rr.ittr-e merits the confidence of this board,
as it has conscientiously performed Its
duties as prescribed by the charter."
Supervisor Brandenstein argued that
very little additional expense would be in
curred In investigating the Tahoe system
as well as that of the American River and
1t> advocated the indefinite postponement
of tne resolution, which was agreed to.
Kesolution Directing Aban
donment of the Scheme
Defeated.
INVESTIGATION
OF LAKE TAHOE
TO BE PRESSED
"Thirty pupils in primary grades and
forty in grammar grades are quite as
many as one teacher can be expected to
teach, and teach well."
A. M. Raub, Ph.D., principal of the
State Normal School, LocUhaven, Pa.,
says:
"Medium-sired cjasses in public schools
are the best. Where it is possible classes
should contain from ten to twenty pupils
each. In primary studies a smaller class
is not objectionable, as the attention of
the younger children is more liable to
wander and with them the larger the class
the more difficult the task of holding the
attention of pupils."
"Should the board decline to be con
vinced by the authorities which I will
bring to bear on low enrollment," said
Superintendent Webster, "I will certainly
take steps to establish my authority in
the premises. My attorney has not yet
advised me how to proceed. The whole
subject hinges on whether the board or
myself Is to be obeyed in the classifica
tion. A certain principal proceeded to
carry out my order on the subject, but
was peremptorily ordered by the board to
comply with its directions. The matter
mlght'be brought to a focus if some prin
cipal should refuse to obey the board.
That bodv would then most likely use its
hlgh-hantled precedent of suspending the
principal for insubordination and I would
proceed to protect him in his position. At
any rate the controversy must be settled
one way or the other and that very soon.
Webster has directed Deputies Kings
bury and Howard to compile opinions of
prominent educators on the subject of
classification. From data already ob
tained Webster says that his schedule is
excessive, as it appears to be the consen
sus of opinion that the lower the number
of pupils in a class the better the results.
After the opinions have been all gathered
Webster will submit them to the board
in an endeavor to have it change its
base. He says that the board has failed
to show its authority to classify grades
and has made rules on the subject which
are in opposition to his orders. Among
the opinions to be submitted to the board
is one from P. A. Barnett. head master
of the Training College for Schoolmasters,
London. England, who says:
"A practical class in science under one
teacher should not exceed from twenty
to twenty-five pupils, and forty should in
my opinion be the absolute limit of any
class whatsoever taught by one person."
J. T. Prince, Inspector of Schools for
the State of Massachusetts, says:
Superintendent Webster has decided that
he will bring the controversy existing be
tween himself and the Board of Educa
tion over the classification and grading of
schools to an issue. Just how the matter
Is to be settled has not yet been fully de
termined by Mr. Webster's legal adviser,
but it Is the latter's opinion that In some
way or other the court will ultimately
pass on the contention of the Superin
tendent that he alone has the power to
grade and classify schools, which is vest
ed in him by the Political Code. He re
cently issued an order directing an en
rollment not to exceed forty-live pupils in
the first, eighth and advanced eighth
grades, and Hfty in the second to the sev
enth grades, both inclusive. The schedule
as promulgated by the Board of Education
provides for an enrollment, respectively,
of fifty and fifty-five pupils in the grades
namii.
Decides to Bring the Contro
versy to an Issue Im- 1
mediately.
WEBSTER WILL
INSIST ON HIS
CLASSIFICATION
"As things are now," said Wells, "we
are in a very unsettled state. Until the
Board of Equalization meets we will not
know the rate for State taxation. Some
of the funds are already exhausted, nota
bly that of the City and County Hospital,
and we are less than two months into
the new fiscal year. All the funds will
necessarily have to be reapportloned. but
the tax levy of course will stand. I knew
all along that this tangle would resuit.
but the Mayor would not heed my warn
ing. The rate of $1.0758 is for current ex
penditures of the city government and
does not include those of the park, sink
ing and interest funds, which are specially
pro%'lded for by the charter. The money
to be derived from taxation might just
as well be apportioned in September,
when we know the State rate, as before
the beginning of the fiscal year. The
Finance Committee will tackle the ques
tion in a few days and the task of re
adjustment will be no easy one."
The sections of the State revenue law
and the charter referring to the apportion
ment of the tax levy clash, and the de
partment chiefs will have to make appli
cation to the Board of Supervisors for
more money. The State law says that the
(ax levy and appropriations must be made
on the third Monday in September in each
year. The new charter calls for the same
action to be taken on the third Monday in
May. This year the Supervisors, despite
the protest of Auditor Wells, fixed the
levy in May at 1.075S on a valuation of
$375,000,000. A short time afterward As
sessor Dodge reported that the assessment
roll was S405,00o,00O, but on inspection by
Wells the amount was< found to be $10,
000.000 short, a clerical error being re
sponsible for the difference. The State
tax cannot be known until September.
The total amount of money, therefore, to
be spent for the running of the city and
county cannot be known until that time.
The makers of the charter evidently
framed this section of the instrument on
a law existing In 1870, which calls for the
fixing of the levy in June. In 1S95 this was
amended to read September. This amend
ment was evidently overlooked and may
cause much bother. The Auditor will
bring the matter to the attention of the
Board of Supervisors.
Auditor "Wells is worked up over what
he holds to be a serious error in the chnr
ter. The result may be a revision of many
acts of the Board of Supervisors.
Levies Is Weak Point
in Instrument.
CHARTER DEFECT
CAUSES SERIOUS
COMPLICATION
Chapter Relating to Tax
McCarthy's resolution directing the
Chief of Police to stop blasting operations
by Gray Bros, if no legal permit could be
produced by the firm was adopted.
The ordinance limiting the height of
.fences to twenty feet to be in force until
\he ten-foot ordinance becomes a law on
July 1, 1901. was defeated. Acting Mayor
Tobin explained that there was no ordin
ance at present limiting the height of
fences and that they could be constructed
as high as people paw fit. On that show
ing Dwyer moved for a reconsideration
and the ordinance will be taken up again
at the next meeting.
The City Attorney was directed to ascer
tain if Gray Bros, had legally succeeded
tb a personal permit to carry on blasting
operations in the vicinity of the rock
crusher.
The resolution presented by the Street
Committee denying the protest of the
West of Castro Street Improvement Com
pany against the maintenance of Gray
Bros.' rock crusher at Clipper and
Douglass streets was defeated after a mo
tion to postpone indefinitely had been lost.
A number of residents in the vicinity ad
dressed the board and repeated their testi
mony given before the Street Committee
that the crusher was a nuisance and
thould be abated. George Gray, a mem
ber of the firm, stated that everything
possible had been done to keep the dust
from spreading, and that the firm was
willing to correct any abuses that might
exist. To this a resident replied that the
dust had never been confined and that the
rocks from the blasting carried on by the
firm had crashed through houses and
broken many windows.
Brandensteln opposed the report of the
committee and moved as an amendment
that the rock crusher be declared a nui
sance. McCarthy admitted that Gray
Bros, had tried to ameliorate the condi
tions as they existed in the vicinity of the
crusher, but it was evident that their ef
forts had met with little or no success.
Trouble Over Bock-Crusher.
Resolved, By the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil. In regular session assembled, Augaiat 17,
1M)O, that It emphatically protests against the
continuance of this legalized s-y&tem of ex
cmslve, unhealthy and unnatural toil and ear
nestly requests the board to reduce materially
the maximum hours in which the laundry em
ployes may be permitted to labor in any sln
ele day and to pass such other regulations as
will serve to protect this class of employes
from the Imposition of such onerous and ex
acting- service.
Whereas. The attention of the Board of Su
pervisors has been called to this deplorable
condition of affairs, and the necessity existing
for remedial legislation by the board; therefore
ba It
Whereas. The hours of labor required of the
laundry workers of this city, authorised under
a municipal ordinance, which fixes the maxi
mum hours from 6 a. m. to 10 p. m., are ex
ces.sive, unjust and Inhuman, especially in view
oi the fact that women, girls and children con
etltute 65 per cent of sajd employes; and
A petition from the San Francisco Labor
Council was presented at the meeting of
the Board of Supervisors yesterday. In
It a strong plea is made for a reduction in
the hours of la.undry employes. An ap
peal was made that an ordinance be
passed providing that the hours of such
employes be from 6 a. m. to 7 p. m. The
petition, which was referred to the Ju
diciary Committee, reads as follows:
Labor Council Urges Super
visors to Amend an
Ordinance.
SHORTER HOURS
FOR EMPLOYES
OF LAUNDRIES
« —
The ordinance imposing a license tax
of $5 to $10 per quarter, according to the
amount of business done, on places that
sell liquors in quantities exceeding one
quart to be drunk on the premises, was
finally passed by the Board of Super
visors yesterday. The ordinance is in
tended to compel concert halls and un
derground resorts to pay a license tax,
which they have hitherto evaded. The
proposed measure developed some
opposition. which prompted Super
visor Comte, its author, to' ar
raign in scathing terms the Midway
Plaisance, which, he said, had remained
open in defiance of the Supervisors and
the Police Department.
"This ordinance is Intended to put such
disreputable places under the supervision
of the police," said Comte. "The Midway
1 laisance is a notorious example of an
open violation of the law. Though its
permit has been withdrawn it has evaded
the law by selling liquor in quantities
greater than one quart. Such iniquities
should be stopped in the interest of decent
government."
A motion to postpone consideration for
one week was lost and the ordinance was
then finally passed, only Boxton and Reed
voting against it. Existing orders relat
ing to the sale of liquor in quantities less
than one quart to be drunk on the prem
ises are not affected by the ordinance.
Will Be Called Duboce Park.
An ordinance was passed to print nam
ing the public square bounaed Dy Waller,
Kidley, Steiner and Scott streets "Du
boce Park." The ordinance was intro
duced on the petition of the New Park
Improvement Club, which asked that the
park be so named In honor of the memory
of the late Colonel Duboce. The petition
was signed by E. C. Priber, president;
Charles Boxton, vice president, and C. B.
Perkins, secretary.
The board was also informed that the
club will place a 100-foot flagstaff in the
park and a (lag will be raised on Septem
ber 9 with music and speeches.
Money for Native Sons.
A resolution introduced by Curtis that
the sum of $3000 be appropriated out of
the urgent necessity fund as the city's
contribution to the Native Sons' semi
centennial celebration this year was
passed to print.
A resolution was introduced providing
that contingent upon the reconstruction
of its roadbed and cable alley-way in the
near future, the Presidio and Ferries Rail
way Company be required to temporarily
set back lour feet the south curb of Union
street, between Hyde and Larkin. and to
pavq this strip with basalt blocks, pro
vided that upon rebuilding its roadbed the
company shall remove its tracks to the
center line of the street and restore the
strip to the sidewalk in front of Mrs. A. £.
Reynolds" premises from which it was re
moved. , *¦ -.-
The protest of Mrs. Reynolds against
the passage of the resolution was read.
She opposed ths recommendation of the
committee to take away four feet more
of her sidewalk. Fontana made a plea
for the Union-street road, which he said,
was a great convenience to the section it
traversed. He claimed It would be an in
justice to compel the road to go to a great
expense to move its tracks on the block.
On Reed's motion the resolution was post
poned for one week that the company
might be heard from as to when it will
reconstruct its line so as to place Its
tracks In the center of the street, between
Hyde and Larkin streets.
Reed informed the board that the Pub
lic Utilities Committee would meet this
evening to decide on the municipal light
ing system to be submitted to the people
The committee will also consider the al
leged intention of the People's Mutual
Telephone Company to surrender its fran
chise to the city. '
Comte Say3 It Will Stop
Violations of Law by
Low Resorts.
LICENSE WILL
BE IMPOSED ON
CONCERT HILLS
UNDERGROUND RESORTS SCORED.
DUBOCE PARK PROVIDED FOR.
SHORTER
HOURS
FOR
LAUNDRY
WORKERS
LAKE TAHOE WATER SUPPLY.
CITY BOARDS ACT ON MUNICIPAL MATTERS.
CLASSIFICATION IN SCHOOLS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1900.
Considerable mystery has existed for
several years as to che Identity of the
man in Denver. Colo., who voted for
Palmer and Buckner in 1S06. They re
ceived one vote in that State, out of a
total of nearly lDO.OOO. __»_
Angeles against the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company. In 1»72 the city by
ordinance granted to the company the
right of way on Alameda street and soon
thereafter the corporation laid a single
track along the thoroughfare. Double
tracks were laid by the company In 1893
and a number of property owners Joined
with the city in an action to restrain and
prevent the company from continuing the
use of double tracks, the contention being
that having placed a single track It had
exhausted its power and right under the
terms of the ordinance. The lower court
held otherwise and this was affirmed by
the higher court.
.The Supreme .Court has, affirmed the
judgment of the, lower court In the case
of W. H. "Workman and the city of Los
Victory f or_ the Railroad.
Albert Horiper, a real estate agent, ro-
Fklinp at 231 Twenty-seventh street, died
y^Ftcr<lay afternoon while havinir his boots
i:I»<-kcd at the Intersection of Eighth and
ptreets. The dead man was un
married and V> years old. Heart disease
was the probable cause of death. .
IH«d in a Bootblack's Chair.
8
COLONEL J. R. HOWELL, chairman
of the committee on invitations, lias
received the Invitation .which will
be forwarded to President McKln
loy, asking him to attend the semi-centen
nial celebration of the admission of Cali
fornia into the Union. It is a gold plate,
donated to the' committee by Shrevo &
Co., the wording of the invitation formu
lated by the committee 1 being engraved
upon it. This Is to be inclosed in a mo
rocco case, having upon it a, small .'gold
plate with the words: "To the President
of the United States, William McKinley."
Accompanying the invitation will be a
letter calling special , attention^ to
the grand historical event which istooe
celebrated next month. A specially , de
signed invitation, will also be forward^
to Governor Gage.
Sixty-five students of Mount Tamalpais
Academy will appear in the parade in the
gray uniform of the West Point Military
Academy. This corps is officered by K. S.
Bahr, captain; T. Guiterrez, G. Hatch and
E. L. Buell, lieutenants. They are under
the military instruction of Captain G. E.
Sage, U. S. A.
The Horace Mann School Drill ' Corps,
Major W. G. Hogan, Instructor, will pa
rade about 200 strong.
THE INVITATION TO PRESIDENT McKINLEY.
IQANNQT
"realize
P How delightful the mild, dry
ijj cUmata of
I Coronado Beach
ti Is until you experience it. Hun-
dred" of San Francisco people
\ spend their summers there, i*>
\ GefTnfortration W^CK^St
! 168 Market st. E. S. BABCOLK. Mgr .
San Francisco. Coronado Beach, eal.
st 241fe and 25*^
BaGREAT DOVE STEW
WmL August 26i^ at
! llijpiy! MOT SPRINGS^]
: Round Trip, Ona and One-Third Fare. I
Illustrated booklet and further tnfor- 0
j mation or mNKW ELY. City Agent.
Tel. Red J338. 640 Market st.. S. F.
OTTO E. .NEVER. Prop.. Paso Roble».Cal. |
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism, Oout.Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and flah-
lne No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest ana
recreation. Rates. 112 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. P.. 9 a.
m and 2:45 p. m. daily. Carriages at GUroy
for springs. For illustrated pamphlets addresj
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
SISSON TAVERN.
Where Shasta'* summit, c!ad in snow.
Smiles down on Nature's broad expanse.
Far from the chilling summer fogs and fr»«
from wind* and dust and heat. SIfcSON TAV-
ERN 3T.0O feet above the sea level, on the ever-
green slopes of Shasta. Is the ideal spot for *
summer vacation. Near it the irreat forests of
pine and cedar and hemlock, around U a wldfl
expanse of meadows, about it the perfect
beauty of Shasta.
For the idler— rest. For the hunter— the great
game of the mountains. For the angler— the
salmon and the trout In the headwaters of th»
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL AT SIS-
SON'S DOOR. The tavern is new and fresh
and clean, with every modern comfort. Th*
railway brings one almost to the door. Wher*
Nature Is her grandest, come and learn how
grand her inspirations are. Rates, J10 to J12
per week. S3 50 per day. Guides and horses
for mountain climbing. MRS. M. L. SISSON.
Proprietor. Sisson. CaL
CI/APrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OiVr\VI\jO County; only 4^ houn
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging: water* noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural bath In State; grand mountain
scenery; gocd trout streams at door: telephone,
telegraph: dally mall and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages; round trip from
San Francisco only $5 SO. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 1:30 p. m. Terms. J2 a aay or
$12 a week. References ny guest of the past
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MULCREW. Proprietor.
EL MONTE HOTEL. &? ?£^^^.
mate, beautiful drives: average temnerifui—
80 degrees; no wind or mosquitoes: t hour*
from Pan Francisco: 5 train." dally: no con-
sumptives taken. JNO. NEVILL. Proprietor.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- .iSSSTg
Nap* Valley. The Institution has all th« ad-
vmntages of a health resort as well as being *
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
i ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. 8t. Helena. Cat.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathlntr. bowl-
ing, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write lor
circular to H. WAMBOLD,
Laurel Dell. Lake County, Cal.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co.; fine fishing, boating, bathing ani
hunting: in the heart of the mountains. Tn»
r><»st table In Lake Ott. Address O. WT£IS-
MAX, MMTaka P. O~ Bate Co.. Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS 1^.1^
Springs: new management; a place of comfort
all seasons: 48 miles from 8. F.. via Tiburon
ftrry. R. R. station on hotel grounds; exten-
sive swimming tank: $10 50 and up per week;
round trip tl 10 on Sunday. COOPER A STfc'W-
ART. Atyua Caliente. CaL Lon$r-d!stance phone.
WAJir JlC RLA winds. The Popular Resort
Among P.edwoods of Sonoma Co.; Free Boat-
ing. Bathing. Fishing and Hunting. Lots sell
from $10 to $73. Cottages built from $30 and
upward. Board and lodging. $6 per week: un-
furnished rooms, $1 per week. Address H. M.
GREGSON. Camn Meeker.
KLAMATH MOT SPRINGS.
. The healthiest resort In the prettiest county la
, California. Trout fishing — finest In the Stat» —
Shove! Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of game In surrounding mountains —
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors. Eeswtck, Slsklyou County. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, 8E™
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, iwlmmlaj, w " 1 »»rig-.
tranting and livery, writ* tor pamphloc L
WERTHEIMER. Manager.
KAHLER'S new summer resort. Cazadero. CaL
—Home cooking, excellent ashing and hunt-
ing; general mdse.. choice liquors, cigars;
popular prices.
0 B S ni TndS E«4 E£9 BlfiJ
DR. BALL'S REIN VIGOR ATORSraSfSJ
Five hundred reward for any i?3^"^&3
case we cannot cure. This secret paBI Ru
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours. «
cures Emissions, Irnpotency. Varl- 5t"9 f*£i
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. 7*f? PWn
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all I ;J^ UaeU
excesses. Sent sealed. 12 bottle; 3 EffilaSfJv!
bottles, $3: guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S55
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1Q73»4
Market st.. 8. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIOORa-
tor ana Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both se«s
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*
,«^ AB u ER - ALFS * brl-neTawu.
m Market St.. S. F.-(Send for Circuit.)
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE "
For the cure of GONORRHOEA Gr pn-a
STRICTURES and analagous compialnu^S
Organs of Generation.
Price Si a botUe, • Tor ; sal* by drui«i«*.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
?O6*tfeely cared fcy tbeflO
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from DyspepsUt
Indigestion ana Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet reimdy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste to the Mouth, Coated Tongtu
PaJnin the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels* Purely Vegetable.
Stnati Fill. Small Doss.
Smalt Pg8ca»
\tbe pcjrftcftoii ht
w^'sU y
BDTTLKtA-f T^E DjiflLLERY
PURE-ASgfibiffKtjLESGME.
Used in Me Mefod/ Detriments o/t/ie
U.S. ARMY 8, NAVY Service
William Wolff $ co.
San Francisco, distributors.
Seurart oS/m/Asf/crt? Of rtjt/fed Botries.
IRREGULARITIES OF WOMEN
DISORDERS OF MEN
POSITIVELY AND PERMANENTLY CURED
ENTIRELY NEW TREATMENT.
fe^^g THE GERMAN
ggg|lgg PHYSICIANS
5fej£"v^'CJ i^»J (Late From Euror«.)
»^^^^i X-Ray Specialists,
1 C^fcKj-^"; * IO19 MARKET ST.
Vssj^S^f^7\^ rrof*-s.*ional Advice Ffto.
Hours— a. a. m. to ; r. ra.
wm ,,,pn—~' Evenings — 7 to 9 p. tn.
« - Sundays— 11 a. m. to 1 P- ¦"¦
MANHOOD RESTORED "SSi^^S&iS
Vltallzer. the prescription ot a
famous French physician, will
rfJJjjIPSgsJrijy quickly cure you of all ner-
vous or diseases of th«> gem>ra-
- ;v3*w k 4i tJVf * organs, such as Lost Man-
(&JCl <-» rS*? hood, In«omnla. Tains in ths
v??^ v^l Back. Xervous Debility. Pim-
M®C MJtkf! pl*s. Exhausting Drains. Varl-
\s?«,T\. cocele and It
V.- — 5*-** stor>s all losses bv day or
nig-ht. Cupidene cleanses tho
liver, the kidneys and the urinary organs of all
impurities. Cupidene strengthens and restores
small weak ontans.
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors
Is because SO per cent are troubled with Pros-
tratitis. Cupidene the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. 5000 testimonials.
A written guarantee given and money re-
turned if 6 boxes do not effect a Dermanent
cure. J1.00 a box. 6 boxes for $3.00. by mail.
Send for free circular and testimonials.
Address Davol Medicine Co.. 40 Kills st.. San
Francisco. Cal., Grant Drug Co., 38 & 40 Third st.
YOUNG MEN! '
You don't need go around \^^
with dark rings under^r S
your eye?, no energy ,^r S
no snap about you S /v™,
tf you suffer >^ <^k \V/can be
from Nerve S I^^^V /aulcklv
Waste or /lWd/u?ed of
£° st S- /* n n a t ural
Mffor S <t. X. • weakness and
S 4^& S^ a11 troubles which
* f f£\k^^f jr unlit you to marry
/ *f&kSS* f **' con.oulting us.
S*XS^&&> S Thousands of men
S « S cured at home. Call or
/address
x^y x DR - cooper & co «.
?/31s KEARNY ST.. S. F.. Cal.*
RUPTURE CURED.
Wh«n we iay "rupture cared" we mean It.
for It la a fact that during the past 20 years
DR. PIKRCE'S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing else
like it. Best retainer made. It do«« the work.
Investigate for yourself. ETCall for "Book-
let No. 1." or send S cents la stamp*. Ad-
"magnetic elastic truss go.,
620 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. New York City.
Aviist OR- JORDAN'S great 4
Ihsseuh of anatomy?
T S" The Lareest Anatomical Museum In the \
A World. y> eikne»vn> or any contracted A
§L Xt>: W?i d ; «»« p^m*' 1 * cur»dbjr tbr oldest 7
<y /jr^wal Specialist catb(.'Cowt EsL^ysar*
£ fltf^fl 0»- JORDAJI-PSIYATE DISEASES *
a K lSx^Cfi l:m^ nr P"«ona'.ly or by letter. A g
Til 7 Ml iiw.riie Owe in every can undertaken. T
SrJlWn-. Write for Book. PniLOSOPBT«fi
V • j \yi HAnniAGE, uailxo vrbb. <aw
X n 11. valuable book for torn) \
7 f»32. JonDAS Al'O., 105l MarSetSt.,8. F. Y
N. ©. G. W-
Bard N. D. G. W. Emblematic Cards. B
All new and original designs. 100 Cards I
with your Name. Parlor an«l Residence la
printed on, 75c. Send for samples. Q
B THE GABRIEL PRINTING CO.. |
419 Sacramento street. San Francisco. 3
& PATENTS ; ULet us first follow the fortunes of Hen
nepin. Brave and adventurous though
he undoubtedly was, he shrank from un
dertaking this trip when it was first pro
posed to him. But after it was all over
in writing about It he said: "Anybody but
me would have been very much frightened
at the dangers of such a journey." On
the last day of February, 16S0, he and
two companions bade good-by to their
comrades, entered their canoe and started
down the river. Without mishap they
reached Its point of junction with the Mis
sissippi, then turning northward they pad
dled up over the previous course of Joliet
and Marquette as far as the mouth of the
Wisconsin River, above which they en
tered an unexplored region. One day— the
11th or 12th of April— while on land cook
ing a turkey for dinner they were sud
denly surrounded by a war party of 120
Sioux Indians. They were at orree cap
tured and carried up the river by the sav
ages. For some time they were In doubt
as to the fate In store for them. Earnest
discussions on this subject were held by
the savages, some wishing to sacrifice
them, others speaking In their favor. They
passed through Lake Pepin. and nineteen
days after th»ir capture landed near the
present site of St. Paul. Hennepin was
now adopted as a son by an Indian chief
and taken off to his village on the shore
of a small lake, which Is believed to have
been Mille Lac, from which the short Rum
River flows into the Mississippi. This was
the most northern point which he reached.
Early in the summer the Indians started
off on a grand buffalo hunt, and Henne
pin went with them down the Rum River
to the Mississippi. Here, through the^ in
tervention of a friendly chief, he and one
of his companions secured their liberty
In a small canoe they went down the river
and soon reached the falls which Henne
pin named after his patron. St. Anthony
of Padua. He described the falls as be
ing then forty or fifty feet high, but great
changes have occurred in recent years as
is well known. After several months, dur
ing which they had many adventures but
made no farther discoveries, they made
ther way to Green Bay. The following
spring— 1GS1 — Hennepin went by the lake
route to Montreal, where he was well re
ceived by Governor Frontenac. He ap
pears to have had no further dealings
\vlth La Salle, but after the death of the
latter published a revised account of his
own adventures, which was calculated to
SJdifdue^S. eXPl ° rer Ot S ° me OI the
We now return to La Salle. On the day
BivJr^ n ? e i Pln started down the Illinois
?i5 7 ' ' on . Marr *• 16S0-La Salle
and five companions set out from Fort
Crevecoeur on the long and dreary jour
ney of about 1000 miles to Fort Fronte
nac, in Canada. They proceeded up the
river for some distance with great diffi
culty on account of the Ice. When a few
miles below the present site of Joliet they
left their canoes and struck across the
country on foot, wading through marshes
and inundated meadows, floundering over
the prairie deep In mud, until they reach
ed the mouth of the St. Joseph. Thence
they tramped across Southern Michigan,
enduring great hardships from exposure
to wet and cold, and some danger from
tha Indians. Reaching Lake Erie, they
made a canoe in which they paddled to
Niagara, and thence made their way to"
Fort Frontenac, where they arrived on
the 6th of May, after "the most arduous
journey," says the chronicler, "ever made
by Frenchmen In America."
Tt seemed best now for the explorers to
remain where they were for the rest of
the winter. So a fortified inclosure was
made, within which lodgings were built
for the party. This was the first civilized
settlement in the State of Illinois. It was
called Fort Crevecocur. and was not far
from Peoria, on the other side of the river.
The white men repeated their prayers
dally, chanted vespers on Sunday and
tried to convert the Indians. For worldly
occupation they set to building a ship
about the size of the ill fated Griffin, In
tending to use it in going down the Missis
sippi. As spring approached La Salle de
cided to go himself with a few men to
Canada to get the rigging needed for this
ship. While he was absent Hennepin was
to explore the lewer course of the Illinois
and perhaps go up thelMississippl. Tonty
and most of the men were to stay and
complete the hull of the ship, which was
now half-finished.
IX.
(Concluded.)
the opening of the Mississippi would turn
securely to France a trade which was
capable of indefinite expansion. It was a
• far-seeing plan, and to the realization of
it he henceforth bent all his energies.
It now became necessary for him to re
i turn to Canada and prepare once more
for the exploration of the Mississippi to
' its mouth. Late in May he went to Mich
i illlmackinac. there met Tonty, and with
; him repeated the long journey of a thou
| sand milea by way of the lakes to Fort
I Frontenac. Here he found that his af
; fairs.. a5 usual, had suffered greatly
| through faithlessness of agents and Jeal-
I ousy of enemies. He put them in shape
I as well as he could, collected a band of
i thirty Frenchmen and the necessary In
dian attendants, and early in the autumn
of 1SS1 he set out for the third time to
reach the mouth of the Mississippi. H«*
i went by way of Lake Simcoe and Geor
! glan Bay to Michlllimacklnac. then down
! to Fort Miami, where he reorganized his
j expedition, making it smaller. Late in
I December he crossed the southern end
j of the lake to the Chicago River, pad
i died up the stream, crossed overland to
I the northern branch of the Illinois and
I descended that to Us mouth, reaching the
Mississippi February 6. 16S2.
After some delay the explorers pro
ceeded down the river until, on the IZw.
! of March, they found themselves among
[ the Arkansas Indians, who treated them
with great kindness and civility. They
' had now reached the lowest point visited
I by Joliet and Marquette. They kept on
' down the river until, on the 6th of April,
i It divided into three broad channels. Thoy
had reached the head of the delta. The
! expedition was now divided into three
I portions, so that the three channels were
, traversed to the gulf, where the canoea
I all came together again. The party land
! ed. and amid volleys of musketry ami
• shouts of "Vive le roll" La Salle named
! the country "Louisiana," after Louis XIV.
; and took possession of it In the name of
; the King. A properly Inscribed column
! was set up and a leaden plate bearing The
I arms of France was buried tn the soil.
• The Mississippi had now been traced from 2
I MiUe Lac in Minnesota to the Gulf of
, Mexico, and the whole river, with all In
¦ tributaries and the vast regions which
they drained was added to the realms of
France.
Returning to the Illinois River. La Sal 1 *
built Fort St. Louts on the top of
i "Starved Rock," a short distance above
| the mouth of the VermMion River. In the
l plain below he gathered 4000 Indian war
riors with their families and a few whlio
I settlers. This was the beginning of a
colony, but the permanent success depend
ed upon the establishment of communi
cation with France by way of the Mlssis
! sippl. for the Canadian authorities* wen
bitterly opposed to the enterprise. La
Salle accordingly determined to go to
France to lead an expedition by sea lo
the mouth of the Mississippi, to build a
fort there and garrison it, then go up the
river to his colony.
The flrstpart of this plan he carried out.
Going to France he secured the approval
of the King, and on July 24, 1BS4. set sail
| from Rochelle with an expedition of four
I ships. After some delay In the Wesc
! Indies the voyagers sailed south of Cuba:
I they struck across the gulf In a north-
I westerly direction and reached the coast
! of the continent near the mouth of tho
i Sabine River. Supposing that they were
j east of the Mississippi they turned west
' ward and anxiously scanned the shore for
i the mouth of the river. At last La Salie
thought he had found it. and the expedi
tion was landed at Matagorda Bay. on the
coast of Texas. The largest ship now re
turned to France and the others were lost,
j so that the wretched colonists were left
quite helpless, stranded on an unknown
I coast. Here they remained for two year*,
their number constantly dwindling until
none were left. During this time La Salle
made several efforts to find the river, but
without success, and was finally killed by
one of his men on the 19th of March, 1W7.
Thus perished the great explorer at tho
age of 43. As we read of his marvelous
journeys, mostly by canoe and on foot,
over many thousand miles of wilderness,
of his utter indifference to extreme pri
vation and discomfort, and of the heroism
with which he endured the machinations
of enemies and the reverses of fortune,
rising superior to them all, we are im
pressed with the conviction that hia was
one of the most intrepid spirits of whom
we have any record. The historian Park
man says: "America owes him an endur
ing memory, for In his masculine figure
she sees the pioneer who guided her to
the possession of her richest heritage."
„ , ,„ C. H. SMITH.
| Tale University.
EXPLORERS OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
DISCOVERERS AND E^C F»I_OR E RS Of NORTH
AiY\ERlCA,
It is Intended to provide free transpor
tation to and from the coast and general
entertainment for the passenger agents
while the convention is in this city and
State. The prospect of securing the -cov
eted prize Is very promising. The fight
to bring the convention here will be made
at the annual convention of the associa
tion, which will be held at Old Point Com
fort, Va., in September.
"If we can convince the men of tho
East that these things are not dreams and
that their beautifj; and comforts can he
theirs we will accomplish mighty things
for California. I know of no class of men
who can do so much good for this State
as can these passenger agents, and that
is why the railroad men of all the lines
are eager to secure the next convention
for San Francisco. I sincerely hope their
efforts will be successful."
"These are the things it is particularly
desirable that the traveling passenger
agents should see and experience. The
Santa Fe and the Southern Pacific com
panies have extended a cordial invitation
to these hustling gentlemen to come here
and let us take them through the beauti
ful vales, over the high mountains, by our
magnificent lakes and rivers, and through
our hospitality impress them with the ex
istence of the exceptional wonders of this
wonderful State.
As an experiment we have been, dur
ing the terrible heated spell of the East,
wiring Eastern newspapers figures on
temperature here in San Francisco. As
a result the remarkable comparison of
heat and comfort has blockaded the side
walks of the Eastern cities with interest
ed and suffering people watching the bul
letins. To them the facts seem almost
preposterous. They cannot believe that
within a few hours' ride east or nortn
of this point we can find eternal snows,
while here it is never too hot or too cold;
that a few hours south are places where
one can bathe in the surf with comfort
from the 1st of January till the 31st of
December.
"How can you describe the Yosemite?
When you tell an Easterner who knows
that Niagara has a fall of 183 feet that
Bridal Veil is 1360 feet, sheer plunge: that
the falls of Yosemite take a leap of 2800
feet and touch but one projecting rock in
that distance, you need not be astonished
at his look of fine scorn.
"Or when you stand him in the vicinity
of one of the big trees, whether Cala
veras, Wawona or others, and pointing
out one like the Grizzly Giant, tell him
that that tree was more than 6000 years
old when our Savior was born, and that
it and its companions are the oldest living
things on this broad earth, can you blame
him for being incredulous? He would not
believe that the first limb on one of the
monsters is 125 feet from the ground and
that its girth is so great that a coach and
four could be accommodated upon it. Yet
seeing is believing, and that is why we
want these bright talkers and boomers to
come to the coast.
'The Traveling Passenger Agents' As
sociation is a social organization wholly,"
said Passenger Traffic Manager McCor
mick of the Southern Pacific. "They are
intelligent, capable and energetic, and all
the railroad men of the coast want them
to come out here. If we can get them to
come to God's land we will send back to
the populous Kast so many hundred
walking, talking delegates for California,
its climate, resources,, beauty of scenery
and other attractions, which are difficult
to describe to Eastern men and not ap
pear to be telling an untruth. As matter
of fact, he fully believes that you are ly
ing, and the closer you get to the truth
the more he is convinced that you are a
Munchausen.
It is the business of these' agents to in
struct the thousands of ticket agents of
the various lines how and where to ad
vise people to go and what sections to ad
vocate in particular. This is why their
presence in thi3 State is so much desired.
All the railroad men in the city are In
terested in the plan to induce the Associa
tion of Traveling Passenger Agents of the
United States to hold their convention
next year in San Francisco. The organi
zation is the greatest aggregation of trav
eling advertisers in the world, and It is
extremely desirous that they should come
to this city and State and acquaint them
selves with the varied charms and re
sources of the golden commonwealth and
its great metropolis.
Their Visit to San Francisco Would
Certainly Result in Great
Benefit to the City and '
State.
Special Efforts Being Made
to Secure Next Year's
Convention.
WANT TRAVELING
PASSENGER MEN
TO MEET HERE
LOADING mXTNTTTONS OF WAR ON TRANSPORT SHERMAN.
WILL ENLARGE
POST HOSPITAL
AT PRESIDIO
Large Number of Patients
Necessitates Additional
Accommodations.
Arrive From the
East.
Tents to Be Erected to House the
Sick Soldiers — More Troops
So gTeat a call has been made upon the
capacity- of the general hospital at tho
Presidio that those in charge have been
compelled to restore to duty as convales
cents a number of soldiers who are in
ceod of further treatment. To moot thest
requirements it has been decided to erect
on the grounds adjoining the post hospi
tal. ::ve hospital tents' with a capacity of
twenty b«ds. which will greatly relieve
the pressure.
Advices have been received at headquar
ters announcing: the" near completion of
tlie hospital at .Nagasaki. To meet the
demayd for nurses the medical depart
ment jwiip assemble in this city as many
tnaie and female nurses as can be accom
modated from the present date until word
is received tnat the hospital is ready for
occupancy. DpTMB
Lieutenant Johnson and men of Light
Ha. it «•*¦>* C, Seventh. Artillery, comprising
the' detachment In charge of the guns and
l:orse$ of C Hattcry arrived atthe Presidio
} csierday morning and went into camp,
u waiting the arrival of the balance of the
comraiind. ,.
Headquarters and band and the First
Uatialiua of tins Fifth Infantry, consisting
C'l seventeen oCicers and 545 men, left Fort
bnerldan yesterday morning and are due
here Thtirp'iay. '
: The quartermaster's department at the
FTresldio will ser^d on board the Strathgyle
to-day CT* horses of the Ninth Cavalry and
iorty-four mules. They will also send
eleven army wagons and eleven teamsters.
Ljght Battery C, Third Artillery, sta
tioned at the Presidio, will lose some of its
liorses, as orders have been receive! re
quiring their transfer to Light Batteries
C and M of the Seventh Artillery upon
their arrival here. They are magnificent
animals and the pride of Battery C.
The number of horses required to a light
Vattery i.« XZ% and about '<> uf the horses
at the Presidio will be needed.
Acting Assistant Surgeons C. W. Mc-
Millan and \V. P. Iiaker have been de
tached from the general hospital. Presidio,
snd ordered to duty with the troops on the
tsherxnan. Upon their arrival in China
they will report to General Chaffee for
assignment to duty.
Acting Assistant Surgeon John Gilbert
has bot-n ar-signed to duty with the Third
3>a:'a]ion of the Eighth Infantry now en
route to this city.
First Lieutenant Baker, assistant sur
p- ri. I*. S. A., and J. J. Edmondson and
<!::r'cs A. Sturtcvant have been assigned
to duty ct the general hospital. Presidio,
B watting transportation abroad.
Lieutenant Colonel John H. Oalef. Third
Artillery, ha? been retired at his- own re
c.uest.
they were allowed down on the wharf to
exercise, and many of them seized the op
portunity to escape and make a rush up
town. Early this morning they will be
rounded-up by a corporal's guard, and
when put aboard will get five days in the
brig on bread and water. —'•:
At the last moment 100,000 rounds of am
munition for the Eighth Infantry arrived
at the transport wharf and was put
aboard. When it was found that the
transport would probably go straight
through to China, with only a few hours'
stop at Nagasaki, a quantity of additional
meat and vegetables was put aboard. It
is expected that the men who go to th-
Orient on the Sherman will be landed at
Taku, and wiU be on. their way to the
front by September 19.
to Nagasaki to take charge of the hos
pital there. Chief Engineer George L».
Harris, First Assistant R. H. Denwark,
Second Assistant E. J. Fteayall. Third As
sistant \\*. V. Egan. Electrician Harry
Beach, Plumber \V. liritt and Machinists
J. W. Stone, James Cannon and Charles
Norton all go to Manila to relieve the
crew in the engine-room of the hospital
ship Relief. Incidentally Chief Officer A.
Crosky of the Grant has been Instructed
by cable to tako command of the Relief,
and Captain Harding will come home.
There has therefore been a change all
around In the hospital ship.
The third battalion of the Fifth Infan
try went aboard the transport early yes
terday, and there were som<> lively times
¦Keeping them aboard. During the day
THB transport Sherman was to have
Failed for China yesterday with 1175
men, but owing to the non-arrival of
the companies of the Second and
! Eighth Infantry that have been assigned
to her she did not get away. It was fully
expected that all the men v.ould be aboard
the transport yesterday morning, but ow
ing to difficulties that arose on the trains
two companies of the Second and two ot
the Eighth will not get here until early
this morning.
Among those who are aboard the Sher
man ready to sail for the Orient is Gen
eral C. F. Humphries. He wlil be chief
quartermaster in General Chaffee's staff.
Major Harvey of the medical corps goes
harbor police station. They were too
drunk to tell their names and were booked
as John Doe and John Roe.
WOMAN SLASHES ANOTHER
WITH A CARVING-KNIFE
Mrs. Nellie York Sirears Out a War
rant for the Arrest of Mrs.
Hats de Costa.
Mrs. Nellie York, 17 Chesley street,
Fwore to a complaint in Judge Cabaniss"
court yesterday for the arrest of Mrs.
Kate de Costa on a charge of assault to
ir.urder. The complainant showed several
<;::s < :i both wriMS as evidence of th«.«
jact. She f-sid she left her rear door open
vr.ile *he took a top. She had a news»
paper over h?r face and was awakened
I > a Bhaxp out on or.e of her wrists. When
t.ie opened her eyes Mr?. De Costa was
f.anr!i::g at her bedside with a carving
knife In her hand.
"1 am goinj: to kill you." said Mrs. Ue
Costa; iiiid ehe continued to slash at her
wrists. When the woman with the knife
made a cut at her threat Mrs. York
lumped from the bod and ran out of tho
house. She came to the Receiving Hos
pital and had her wounds stitched and
dressed. Then she swore to the warrant
for Mrs. De Costa'a arrest.
July 24 Ins-t Mrs. D<? Ccsta was arrested
< n a charge of burglary for breaking into
J>Irp. York 's= house and stealing some arti
cles nf underwear and provisions. She
blamed Mrs. Tork for keeping company
vlth hrr divorced husband. This case was
dismissed.
Sues for Commission.
SL J. Mertens. as assignee of R. O.
Oakley, hjis sued Harvey H. Dana, for-
Maor owner of Smith's Cash Store, to re
cover &'») commissions on the sale price
of the store. It Is alleged that Oakley,
fccting an the agen: of the defendant
under a commission contract, sold thc
fctore on May 23 to Albert H. Ackerman
end M. J. Mertens for £40.000. but subse
quently the defendant refused to pay a
commission, as agreed.
ATTEMPTED MURDER OF
MRS. LULU ROYLANCE
Preliminary Examination of Al
Moody, the Jockey, Commenced
Before Judge Cabaniss.
The preliminary examination of Al
Moody, the Jockey, on the charge of
assault to murder for shooting Mrs. Lulu
Roylance in front of the "Wim hester
House on the morning of July 4, \va? com
menced before Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
Assistant District Attorney Hanley con
ducted the prosecution and the defendant
was represented by Police Judge Graham.
Six witnesses were examined for the
prosecution. They were: George H. Mar
tin, H. S. Adams, R. C. Pearson, A. Mor
ris, S. J. Simpson and David Martin. They
all testified to having seen Moody fire the
shots at Mrs. Roylance. Adams was shot
by Moody at the same time, as he was
talking to Mrs. Roylance, who was wait
ing for her husband to Join her.
The case was continued till this morn
ing, when the charge of assault to murder
in connection with the shooting of Adams
will also be heard. Mrs. Roylance will
not be able to give her testimony, as she
is still confined to her bed.
The twenty-seventh annual Invitation
picnic and reunion of St. Patrick's Mutual
Alliance Association of California was
held at Ban Lorenzo grove on Sunday.
The affair was largely attended by friends
and members of the organization, and a
delightful day was spent among the trees.
An excellent orchestra discoursed music
and the dancing pavilion was crowded
throughout the day. M. A. Callahan act
ed as floor manager and F. McCarrick, T.
Alford, T. Searey and J. McGinney com
posed the reception committee.
An Outing and Reunion.
Judge Cook Is Not Engaged.
Superior Judge Carroll Cook returned
yesterday morning from his summer va
cation. He will call his calender to-day.
Judge Cook denies that he is engaged to
marry Mrs. Herold, ajid says that the
ctory of theifeneagement was given out
ty some one maliciously inclined.
fiorts that on August 18. at 11 a. m.. In
atitude 4*> degrees 40 minutes north, longi
tude 124 degrees 50 minutes west, the ship
Hawaiian Isles was spoken. Captain
Kains reported that his wife was very
sick. The Hawaiian Isles is bound from
Santa Rosalia for Port Townsend.
Water Front Notes.
LudwJg Lankenau of 95 Steuart street is
locked up in the harbor police station on
a charge of grand larceny. Sunday night
a Japanese nam^d F. Maihama took a
room in Lankenau's boarding-house. He
had J225 In gold on his person, and in or
der to make sure of it went to bed with
his trousers on. Next morning he found
that his trousers had been cut away from
his legs and both pantaloons and money
were gone. He accuses Lankenau of rob
bing him.
The Robert Adamson has been taken to
the Risdon shipyard at the Potrero. The
big collier is to have a new crank shaft
put in and other repairs made which will
keep her tied up for three weeks.
A large coal lighter, 130 feet long, 34 feet
beam and 1 2feet deep, is being built at
the Potrero for the Piper-Alden-Goodall
Company. She will be rigged with a dump
ing chutp similar to the Carbon and will
be modern in every respect. She will be
welcomed on tho water tront, as additional
barges are badly needed.
The Alaska Commercial Company's St.
Paul sailed for Cape Nome yesterday.
Among- the passengers was Mrs. Me-
Keever, wife of Captain McKeever, U. S.
A., who is in charge of the military post
at St. Michael. • ;-/^.,
Lorentz Foard yesterday purchased the
wreck of the schooner Neptune for $87 50.
The Neptune went ashore on the ocean
beach about ten days ago.
Shipmasters bound to points on Puget
Sound will have their arrival reported to
the Merchants' Exchange if they will put
up their signal flags when parsing Baadah
Point, Neah Bay.
Hector Brody s«»t his son up In the deliv
ery business. "While the young man was
in a house delivering a package three men
stole the wagon. Hector saw them driv
ing along East street and at once cap
tured the team. One of the men escaped,
but the other two were locked up in the
HEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Miniature Ship Portsmouth
Beats the Pull Rigged
Ship Hyderabad
Be Seen in the Big Street
Parade on Admission
Day.
Model of the Historic Warship "Will
The British ship Hyderabad arrived
from Antwerp yesterday after a good pas
sage of 146 days. As she sailed up tho
bay the little ship Portsmouth, rigged as
the Marion by Uoatswains' Mate Koley,
gave her a brush. The minature craft
ran rings around her rival and proved
herself the fastest little thing ever Been
In the bay.
Tho Portsmouth was the United States
man-of-war that was in port on Admis
sion day, 1850, and the Naval Battalion in
tends having this model of her in thf.
parade on September 10.
The Hyderabad had some heavy weather
during her run to port. Captain Scott
says that on June 12 it was blowing, a
heavy gale and the next day it had in
creased to a hurricane. Everything move
able on deck was washed away and many
of the sails were split. The storm was
accompanied by rain and snow and the
men suffered a great deal. On July 2<i
another storm was run into and from that
on the ship had fair weather. The Hyder
abad was three days off the Golden Gata
and could not get in owing to light winiis
and calms.
The China Basin Lease.
There was no consideration of the China
Basin lease at the meeting of the Harbor
Commission yesterday because the term
of J. H. Neff as Acting Governor has ex
pired by reason of the return of Governor
Gage, and the Governor cannot take up
the matter before to-morrow. Acting
Mayor Tobin was attending a meeting of
the Supervisors and so could not come to
the commission meeting. Tirey L. Ford,
the Attorney General; K. S. Pillsbury and
A. H. Payson, representing the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company, were at the meeting ready for
business, but nothing: was done beyond
reading the minutes of the last meeting
when the matter had been discussed ana
approving them. The board will meet
again to-morrow to take up the question
of the lease.
Captain Kains' Wife Sick.
The steamer Umatllla, which arrived.!
from Puget Sound ports yesterday, re- i
Changes of Captains.
Captain A. K. Walton, formerly chief
officer of the Sherman, has been appointed
captain of the Kpbort. Acting- Captain
Hawes of the Egbert goes out as chief
officer of the Sherman. Chief Officer
Croskey of the Grant, now at Manila,
takes command of the hospital ship Re
lief, succeeding: Captain Harding, who
comes home. Captain Reid of the Arcata
has bought an Interest In the Iaqua and
will command that vessel. Captain Jic-
Guin succeeds Captain Nelson on the Em
pire and Captain Nelson takes the Arcata.
Captain Guthrle goes out as master of tho
Alex. Duncan, Captain Shay goes back to
the Pomona and Captain Clem Randall
wllTTake the Orizaba to Nome.
Chief Engineer Nleman of the steamer
Australia remains ashore this trip. He
will go East to bring out the Oceanic
Steamship Company's new steamer Sono
ma. Chief Engineer KelJar of the-Zea
landla will go out as chief of the Aus
tralia. >VMSMB|>
TRANSPORT SHERMAN DELAYED
BY NON-ARRIVAL OF TROOPS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1900.
PORTSMOUTH (MODEL SHIP) AND HYDERABAD RACING UP THE BAY.
Fred Hansted. alias "Young Dutchy."
was taken from the City Prison to tho
County Jail yesterday after being thero
for about ten days. He was waiting in
the expectation of being released an
bonds, but they were not forthcoming.
Taken to the County Jail.
Neither the State Laws Nor Congress
Has Exempted Them by Special
Mention.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
handed down a decision yesterday dis
missing the action of J. C. Harper against
J. P. Endert and Fred Frantz to enjoin
the defendants from collecting tolls from
the plaintiff as carrier of United States
mails from Crescent City, Del Norte
County, to Grants Pass. Or. Judge Mor
row decided that section 2814, Political
Code of California, enumerates those per
sons exempt from the payment of tolls,
and among those the carriers of United
States malls are not specifically men
tioned. Neither has Congress exempted
them, and the case was therefore dis
missed.
Similar action was taken with regard to
the suit of the Eureka and Klamath River
Railroad Company against the California
and Northern Railway Company to en
join the defendant from prosecuting cer
tain condemnation suits In the State
courts.
U. S. MAIL-CARRIERS
MUST PAY ROAD TOLLS
1 San Jose.
"William B. Freer, Indian agent for the
Hoopa Valley reservation, has asked
United States Attorney Coombs for legal
advice with reference to the kidnaping of
one of his wards recntly. Mr. Freer stated
that on August 3 of this year a half-breed
Indian girl of his reservation, named Ada
Baldwin, about 15 years old and very
pretty, was kidnaped from Eureka and
taken on the steamer to San Francisco
thence to San Jose. Mr. Freer has also
requested Mrs. Mary Orr, a reservation
teacher, now on vacation at Pacific Grove.
Monterey, to go to San Jose and try to
recover the girl, or at least ascertain her
whereabouts and that of the kidnaper. It
is Mr. Freer's intention' to prosecute the
kidnaper, whose name he neglects to
mention in his letter to Mr. Coombs.
INDIAN GIRL STOLEN
FROM. HER GUARDIAN
Pretty Ada Bald-win, Fifteen Years
Old, Taken From Eureka to
On August 10 La Salle left Fort Fronte
nao on his return with twenty-four men,
and followed the northern route by way
of the Humber, Lake Simcoe. the Severn
and Georgian Bay, to Mlchllllmackinac.
Thence he went down Lake Michigan, up
the St. Joseph, across to the Kankakee
and down that to the Illinois, thus re
tracing his route of the previous year.
"While he was on this Journey a gTeat
IroquoJs Invasion occurred, and the re
sult of it was manifest when the Illinois
village was reached. "Where the 460 lodges
had stood the year before none were now
left. The whole was a scene of savage
destruction and desolation. Anxious
about Tonty, La Salle went on down the
river to Its Junction with the Mississippi.
He now for the first time beheld the great
river which had played such an impor
tant part in his hopes and plans. But he
had no time to explore it. Retracing his
course, he continued his search for Tonty.
and finally reached the St. Joseph again,
but had no word of the fate of his friend,
nor was It until the following March that
he heard of his escape and saXe arrival
at Green Bay.
La Salle npent the winter of 16S0-81 at
Fort Miami, on the St. Joseph, and here
the project took shape in his mind of
forming a new Indian confederacy In the
Illinois region, with himself at its head.
"With white man's arms and leadership
they would Interpose a barrier to the rav
ages of the Iroquois. would check the di
version of trade to the English, and with
9
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
GEAPE-L'UTS. ~Y
BREAD DYSPEPSIA.
The Ingesting 1 Element L.eft Out.
Bread dyspepsia is common. It af-
fects the bowels because white bread is
nearly all starch, and starch is digested
in the intestines, not in the stomach
proper. Up under the shell of the
•wheat berry, Nature has provided a
curious deposit which is turned into
diastase when it is subjected to the
saliva and to the pancreatic juices in the
human intestines.
This diastase is absolutely necessa^r
to digest starch and turn it into grape
sugar, which is the next form; but that
part of the wheat berry makes dark
m t our. and the modern miller cannot
w readily seH dark flour, so Nature's valu-
able difcestor is thrown out and the hu-
nan system must handle the starch as
best it can, without the help that Na-
ture intended. 'BBSS.
Small wonder that appendicitis, perit-
onitis, constipation and all sorts of
trouble exist, when we go so contrary
to Nature's law. The food experts that
perfected Grape-Nuts Food, knowing
these facts, made use. in their experi-
ments, of the entire wheat and barley,
including all the parts, and subjected
them to moisture, and lonj? continued
•warmth, which allows time and the
proper conditions for developing the
diastase, outside of the human body.
In this way the starchy part is trans-
formed into pxape sugar in a perfectly
natural manner, without the use of
chemicals or any outside ingredients.
The little sparkling crystals of srape
sugar can be seen on the pieces of Grape
Nuts. This food therefore is naturallv
predif?e«ted and its use in place of bread
-K-ill quickly correct the troubles that
have been brought about bv the too free
v\<- of. starch in the food, and that is
r A v corrirnon ' n t^ ie . human race to-dav.
•^The effect of eatinj? Grape Nuts ten
days or two weeks, and the discontinu-
ance of ordinary white bread, is very
marked. The user will cain rapidly in
strength and physical and mental health.
Required to plant us on a solid rock where no opposition can annoy or
destroy. It -would be easy for some people to obtain this amount on a
loan, but 'tis easier for us to get it from the sale of goods at half their
real value. This can be done in a few days if the public notices the cut
prices below.
BLANKETS. FIRST FLOOR.
Five hundred pairs on sale at pr!e«s SO per* Pie peacbes. ZH-lb tins, best r«
cent lower than Jobbers will ask in bale lots. String beans. Eastern packs KV£
Good gray bed blankets, full size 60c pair White table cherries, fancy brands 15
Larger and heavier blankets,' gray.... 85c pair Table apricots, 20c kind novr 10 *
Kleven quarter »lze. soft, pretty $1 25 pair | Pcourlnr soap, large bars, warranted 03
Camp or saddle blankets. %\ 50 kind 1 00 pair j 'White borax soap, our price now 02H
Other styles gray blankets. ..U 75. 2 00, 2 50 pair ) Marmalade, home pack, closing 10
California wool blankets, S3 kind. ...... .3 00 pair j Table sauce, warranted to please M
California white wool blankets 4 00 pair Tomato catsup, not 10c or 15c M
i Marysville white blankets, not extra Mlnce-meat In tins, small 03
size 3 75 pair Rotary 3-arm lawn sprinklers, not II 50.. 75
Heavy srray wool, JS kind .....3 85 pair J-awn mowers, warranted, not $3 00 2 25
See the window for other blankets. Bicycle, ladies' approved 1U> kind 25 CO
Blue. Imported, 12Vi cent boxes 03
! f2 a 5?w^ e d7e? s %auc^ 7 c^nl::::::::::::::f4?> *° s^^S^^^^t^^JiS-
•o tn «.-, i « ~ iIk». isncrfha vnnrA ' i (K "ffn and faraway business carefully nandlen.
8 % -Sue? k a nd dr hi£ g e h x 8 traTood 9 :::::::::3 S *™ bay - Evcrythlns ta
Cotton dress fabrics, 10-yard lengths. .50. 85. 75 cash - No ' ood * charged.
Save half on dry roods — remnants on hand. - '
Sewing machines, used but few months.... $15 00 lUH BB jf| KJiSi
Overcoats'. 40 or 50 to close, half price. ¦ fl Hi O B* IB
Lace curtains, large and handsome 73 .~*^. — * _ _ _ _. , . « -— , _a
White bedspreads, extra size, now S3 £T^ C\ *St 813 m f" IB U| K^
Girls' braid hats, last year's 5.10 vL/ #7*4 O> S Ho %3 I W r^ &r
Cu^glass salts, regular lScVlnd" '.'..'.'.. ','.'.'.'. 0» O^ 1 " frlenda will be glad to know that this
Milk-white glass sets, 6 pieces 15 old reliable house la now running full blast •
Decorated lamp shades, also white 25, 50 un £ er , tne management of the .,^ MI , THS - ,
' Our Ions list of articles mailed free of post-
_ ' ¦ • , e*e wtll interest you and save you money.
TINWARF We are <? ffe J !n * volumes of tin- The 20-page price Hst. the "Home Circle." sent
1 hut i\u.u ware, hardware, canned soods. fre< „ heretofore. Address as above at .
woodenware. Moves and even groceries and dell- __ o _ M ,, * c;*. e.,~. u_ _ •
cacies at prices that will save the buyers lot* 25-Z7 MarKet ot., ban rranelSCO.
of money. p. cNEW YORK, Aug. 20.— The week in the local
metal market opened with trade . list less and
the undercurrent of sentiment among buyers
was pessimistic at best. The cables and news
from the West proved disappointing as ¦ a
whole, while there was little in the way of
reassuring features. At the close the Metal
Exchange called: . -¦: • •
PIGIRON— Warrants, very weak, . with 111
nominal. ¦ ¦ ¦ .. ¦.> ~ -
New York Metal Mark'et.
CHICAGO. Aug. 20.— CATTLE— HeceiptB,
17,100, including €900 Westerns and^lGCO Textns!
Native strers, active. 10c to 15c higher; West
erns and Texans steady to 10c higher. Natives,
rood to priir.e. steers. $5 5<XffG 00: poor to
medium. S» 70^5 45; selected feeders, steady
{4 0fliJ?4 75; mixed Etockrro, $3 2o@3 90; cowb
J2 80@4 30; heifers. $3 00@4 75: canners, J2 15®
2 70: bulls, T2 50(^4 50; calves. J4 50@C 73. Texas
fed steers, J4 25@5 00; gra«sers, J3 75(9-4 10; bulls,
J2 MXg3 25. . ¦•
HOGS— Receipts. 25,000; to-morrow, 13,000 esti
mated: left over, 2500: active, 5c to 10c higher:
top. $3 47H: mixed and butchers, $4 95@5 40;
jrood to choice heavy, $5 05@5 37%; rough heavy
$5 4555 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 30, COO; sheep, 15c to 25c
lower; lambs. 20c to 30c lower; good to choice
«-ethers, $4 00®4 15; fair to choice mixed. $3 40ig>
3 90; Western sheep. $3 40®4 10; ; Texas sheep,
J2 80«j3 $5; native lambs, J4 VXgb 60; Western
lambs, $4 75@5 50. ,
Chicago Livestock Market.
I 'Wheat— S-pt. Dec.
¦ Closing 5 11% c V,
Opening 5 11 c K
PARIS. *
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 19 95 21 35
Closing 20 00 2120
Flour—
(Opening 25 95 27 55
Closing 25 95 27 60
Foreign Futures.
NK^' YOIIK, Aug. 20.— There was no radical
charge to-day In the character of recent stock
the situation was scant, but what there was
furr.i*hed aramv.r.ltlon for the bears. London,
vhich has latterly been a buyer, turned seller
for a FmaJI amount and Western offerings were
effective in special stocks. General weakness
occurred In special Flocks In which the firm cf
Flower & Co. Is Identified, following the an
firm. Thi*se include n lialf-dozen of the nvjEt
• c:ive ij-su^s ur.<i iosses ranged from I to 2
points with Brooklyn Transit and People's Grs
leading. Eisev.-here. selling was In moderate
volume, but rather pronounced deciines oc
curred in Sugar. Tobacco, Consolidated Ga» and
Metropolitan Street Hallway. Railroad stocks
were much better sustained than the special
ties, declines extending to a point only in St.
1'uvl and Rook Island. While the general tone
throughout the greater part of the day iras re
acticr.ary, there were perK-ds of steadiness when
the shorts reduced their lines. Pome comment
xvp* arou»»<i by the fudden marking up of
Genera! Klertric to 140'^. Its closing price o«
Raturaay was 13S. Reports or a combination
with a rival concern and excellent earnings
were circulated, cf which there was no con
firrratlon. Fluctuations in the fteel group were
c£»r:parative!y narrow, but early loaaea were
KenTally recovered in the late afternoon en re
ports of Improved trade conditions. A matter
of Interest in connection with the international
mo:»*tary situation wa« the decline In London
to 2',4 l*r cent. In the last half-hour of trad
inp People's Gas and Brooklyn Transit were
Wd up over a point from the lowest, which
#»xf rted a stimulating effect on the rntlre list.
The closing was steady with a rally In progress.
liords showed Irregularity, but change* were
r*ry small. Total sales, par value, JC5S.OO0.
fnlted fitates new 4s advanced "4 in the bid
*' NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
*ha«-ei« Closing
PoM. Stocks— Bid.
S.I?0 Atehison 27V«
9.4W AtchSson prefd 70>i
2.CC1 Baltimore & Ohio 71« 3
Canadian PaciSc S9«»
Caneda Southern 4!>V*
G,C0 Ch«-*«peake & Ohio 27%
Chicago Great Western 10^
Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy 325%
...:... Chicago ,Ind & Louis 22
Chicago, Ind & Louis prefd 53^
....... Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9CV;
SOO Chicago & Northwestern ....162
4.000 Chicago. Rock Island A Pacific 106H
v C C C & Bt Louis M
100 Colorado Southern .' 6hi
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezv York Stock Market.
MONDAY, Aug. 20—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Btd.Ask.
Alpha 08 09 Justice. .- 03 04
Alta 02 04 Kentuck 02 03
Andes 08 10 Lady Wash.... 02 —
Belcher 14 15 Mexican 23 29
Best & Belcher 18 19 Occidental. . . 12 13
Bullion 03 05 Ophlr ES 57
Caledonia . ... 53 61 Overman 07 09
Chollar 16 17 Potosl 23 24
Challenge Con. 23 30 Savage 11 12
Confidence ... 83 90 Scorpion 02
Con Cal & Va.l 35 1 40|Seg Belcher 02 04
Con Imperial.. 01 02 (Sierra Xevada. 38 33
Con New York — OliSIlver Hill 50 53
Eureka Con,.....— 60 St. Louis. ...... — l«
Crown Point... 16 17 Standard . .'...4 10 —
Exchequer. ... — 03 Syndicate — 08
Gould & Curry 16 17 Union Con 21 23 !
Hale & Norcrs 22 21 Utah 07 03 1
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 34 35
SUICIDE OF ANIMALS.
"It Is said that man is the only animal
who perspires all over, laughs, and com
mits suicide." remarked a resident of the
lower coast. "The suicide claim has been
disputed, however, and I can furnish a
little evidence on the subject myself
Down near the mouth of the river the
mosquitoes are at times a pest of a very
formidable character, and If they are any
worse in the Klondike I wouldn't go there
for enough gold to start a brick yard
They come In swarms so dense that they
look like clouds of black smoke, and
when they make a descent, there is noth
ing to do but beat a retreat. Of course
cattle suffer intensely, and the poor beasts
will become absolutely maddened by pain
The mosquitoes penetrate their ears and
nostrils, and on several occasions I have
seen cows and steers rtish into the river
ami to all appearances commit suicide bv
drowning. I mean that they wade into
comparatively shallow places and delib
erately hold themselves under water untfl"
life is extinct. Anybody who lives In the
neighborhood will bear out the assertion
and if the act is not intentional suicide it '
certainly has all its aspects. It is a com
mon thing to see cattle .run into the river
and submerge themselves until only their
noses protrude. Old settlers say they will 1
stand that way all night, and I know
from personal observation that they will
hold their position for hours at a time
It is a curious fact, by the way. that
some of the natives of the lower coast
are evidently immune to mosquito bites
Time and apain I have watched them
workin.sr in the fields with their trousers
rolled up to their, hips and nothing on the
unper part of the body but a sleeveless
shirt. The mosquitoe3 will buzz around
them in droves, but they will emerge from
the thick of it without a puncture They
have been living near the swamps for
generations and evolution must have pro
vided them with a stinsr-proof epidermis."
— New Orleans Times-Democrat.
! Cash quotations were as fellows: Flour
! steady: No. S spring wheat, fi7*fc@72s;c; No 2
i red. 74'4c: N'o. 2 mm, 30<%e: No. 2 yellow. 39V4C
; No. 2 oats. 22V4(S}K!Hc: No. 2 white 24%^2f>c :
V°-J w u lte ; 2v '<1P l^ c ' No- 2 rye. 435731c; good
I feeding barley. 3<c; fair to choice malting, 410
! SJ C JS,* V *V 1 flax se ' d - J1 37: No - 1 Northwestern.
I $1 3S: prime timothy seed. J3 S6©3 95; mess nork
. per bbl. Jll 03©ll 60: lard, per 1DO lbs. J6 67V4«
I 6 70: short-rib sides (loose), J< 90@7 25' dry
i salted shoulders (boxed), C%5J6»ic; short clear
I sides (boxed), J7 4o@7 6S; whisky, basis of high
I wines. $1 22'.j: clover, contract grade. $9.
i _, ArtIcI ?*— Receipts. Shipments.
I Flour, barrels 18.000 15.000
j Wheat, bushels 371.000 ' 460.000
I Corn, bushels £40,000 446 000
I Oats, bushels... 27S.0f-0 214*000
j Rye. bushels 3.000 1.000
Barley, hushels 15,000 1,000
1 On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
j market was firm; creameries. 16Q!20V4c: dairies
I 14@lSc. Cheese, steady, 10®llV4c Eggs, firm;
j fresh, 12Hc. •
Com was strong and active under repeated
ar^urances that th» sun was blistering and
Withering corn In Kansas and that the yield
bids fair to be the smallest in the history of the
ft^^i'frf^c* 1111 ' 61 " ClOEed V * %c over Saturday
Oats were in falrU- go^i demand from cash
people and strong In sympathy with corn. Sep
tember closed Vi@»*e up at I2e
Provisions were quiet. Early in the session
the market showed strength under the influence
ot better prices at the yards and light hog re
ceipt?. Packers were buyers earlv. but lat«r
dropped out of the pit. Their absence and local
Felling later caused some reaction and th- clo'se
was rather easy September pork closed wiih
S&aSi&SS c hIgher than Saturday and
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Aalclee— °^ n ;._L J "g h^_ IjOW Close.
Wheat No, 2—
gg %* g* m
0 Co°rn r NoV2- "» ™ % " % ™
August 39jj 40% 33S4 jw
September I 39«4 40 3*% tvl
: 38 «* 37^ **
August 2U4 21»i 21»4 21?i
September 21'i 22H 21K ">•>
October 22<4 22V4 '2 «»%
Mess Pork, per bbl— " *
September .-...11 20 11 SO 11 07U 11 07V4
October 11:214 1130 1110 1110
Januarj- .....^.....11 15 11 15 H 0714 u 07^
I>ard, per 100 lbs— z
September 6 67>4 6 72Vi 6 67V4 6 67 14
October 6 70 6 75 6 70 6 72'1
January 6 45 6 50 6 45 6 45
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
j September 7 10 7 12'4 7 00 7 co
October 6 S5 7 00 « -92'>4 6 92>4
January 5 87Vi 6 S7V6 5 82V4 5 82H
A car of Merced Sweets Is expected to-day.
Large and small white Beans are scarce and
higher, and "the latter are now selling at the
highest price for years. • Otherwise : there Is
nothing new. >
BEANS— Bayos, $2 5TMS2 75; Small White, S3 75
4; large White, J3 10%3 25; Pink, J2 25@? 75;
Red. »3 25fi3 50: Blackeye. $3 TO; Lima. *.j 20W
6 £ 5 = r» ea - W tO®3 70; Red Kidneys. $3 2503 50.
hKEDS- Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4e; Flax, J2@2 CO; Canary. 3%c per
Ib for -California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nomlrat; Rape. 2V4®Sc; Hemp. 4#4Vic: Timo
thy.- 4@4Hc . . ¦ ¦ - ' ¦¦.:¦-¦
.DRIED PEAS— NUes,' nominal: Green, J2 25©
2C0 per cti ; Blackeye, J2.
Potatoes, -Onions'- and Vegetables.
Beans and. Seeds.
The finer grades of Hay are reported firm. In
spite of the large receipts, but poor qualities
are dragging. There is some change In volun
teer, as a strictly good article Is bringing
rather more money.
Feedstuffs are as before quoted.
M}A>'—%l2al2 50 p<?r ton.
M1DDL1NGS_$16®19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— p.olled B.irley. J16#17 SO per
l°"i 9 llcak< ' MeaI at the mill. J26Q:27;. lobbing.
J2( hurgn-, Cjcoanut Cake. 120(521: Corn Meal.
W TO; Cracked Corn. J27: .Mixed Feed. t\3 SW0tI4.
HAT— Volunteer. J4 B0®7; Wheat. $10!gl2:
\Vheat and Oat, J» SO® 11 50; Oat, > *S© 10: Clover,
$<«T6; Alfalfa. J6®7 50; Barley. *6 00®8 50 per
ton.
STRAW-25@40c per bale. ,
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOtJR— CalirorniR Family Extras, $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 4003 60;
Oregon and Washington. J2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and J3 15@3 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
J-4 'bit 3 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUKFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, t'i per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 75: Ryo
Meal, J2 50; Rice Flour. *7: Corn Meal. . $2 75;
f-xtra crc-am do, J3 50; Oat Groats, $1 50; Hom
iny, 1 |3 5003 75; .Buckwheat Flour. J4@4 L'5;
Cracked Wheat, J3 50; Farina, $1 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. Jl 23: Rolled Oats (barrels). $'.
@7 25; in sai:kfi. $3 75417; Pearl Barley. $3;
Split Peas, J5; Green Peas, J5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Berond Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
77%c: 20CO, 7Sc; 2000. 77V4c.
Afternoon Session— No sales. ¦¦.¦»-.•
OATS— Holders continue firm and buyers have
to pay up to get the goods. The demand, how
ever. Is slow.
White— Jl liSl 35: Surprise, 51 S5@l 40; Red.
II 10-g-l 25; Gray, Jl 12V4®1 20; Black, for feed.
Jl lOiTl 15;, for se*d. Jl 15^1 22V& per ctl.
CORN— Is dull, but firm, with light offerings.
Kast^rn, tx 2u; California Urge Yellow.
Jl lTittl 20 per ctl: White, $1 1TV>4»'1 20; Small
Hound Vrllow, Jl 17'/4^1 20. / #
RYE— Is lower at 87V4@00c P«r ctl. Shippers
have reduced their bids, but the farmers are
not Inclined to let go and are holding back.
UUC K \V U EAT— Nominal.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
SOW ctls. $10S%; 6000, Jl 0S%.
Second Hesslon— December— 4000 ctls, $1 0S\4;
4000, $1OS%; 2000. $1 OS*;.
Regular MornlnK Session — December — 4000 ctls,
Jl 08*4; 2000, $1 O8V4; 6000, $1 OSVi. May— 2000,
*1 13'.j. .
Afternoon Session— December— 4000 ctls, $1 CS;
2000. $1CS>4; 22.000, U08U; SS.OOO, $108*i: 6000,
JlOKVi-
BARLI3T— Futures are doing better, but the
spot market is dull and rather easy than oth
erwise.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 «ml G7V4@72V4c for off
Krades; Hrev.-inc and shipping grades. S0&S5c;
Chevalier, nominal. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago wns firmer on better foreign advices.
The- demand, however, was moderate and
chiefly to fill shorts. St. Louis and Kansas
City advised a material decrease in farmers'
deliveries, but lt will probably take some days
for the effect to show at primary points. Th?
American visible supply Increased 1.500.000
bu^hele. There was also an Increase of 25O.CMX*
bushels on papsage to the United Kingdom. The
official French report figures a crop 7S,O0fl,O0<!
bushels leas than last year.N Corn In Kansas
Is in a critical condition, owing to drought,
and higher markets are likely In consequence.
The local market showed no change worthy
of note.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, U 02H: Milling, $105
@1 07V4.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were firmer.
Paris stood about the same.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling: Exchange, sight — }4 £$>*
StfrllnK Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 M«- t
Sterling Cables — 4 S9V,
Xew- \ork Exchansf. Rtsht — TV»
New York Kxchani?e, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61'4
Mexican Dollar.', nominal — 48Vj
Exchange and Bullion.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
N'EAH— Passed Aug 20— Br stmr Oak Branch,
from Japan. <->'• <
WESTPORT— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Rival,
hence- Au; IS.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Aug lJ-Scnr
Mildred, from Santa Rosalia.
KNAPPTOX— Arrived Ane 14— Schr W P
Jewttt. from St Michael.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Ang 1*-Scnr
Mary E Fester, from Honolulu.
EUREKA-Arrived Aus l*-Stmr Kurtka.
hence Aus 18.
Sailed Aug 19— Schr O M Kellog?. for .
Arrived Aug 20 — Stinr Pasadena, from. Re
dondo.
Sailed Aus 20— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Aug 19— Stmr Noyo.
hence Au~- IS.
COOS BAT-Sailed Auff IS, at 5 p m— Stmr
Arcata, for San Francisco.
Sailed Aug 20— Schr Free Trade, for San Fran
cisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Auy 20— Schr
Etta and schr Bender Bros, hence Auc 14; schr
Corinthian, hence Aug 1«. ,
Sailed Auk 20— Stmr Navarro, for San Fran-
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Inward Aug 20—
Br ship Llnllthgrowshire. from Antwerp.
Arrived Au? 20— Schr J M Colman, from
Nome: schr Balnbrldge, from Honolulu, for
Port Hadlock.
Arrived Auaj 20 — Schr Fanny Dutard. from
Nome: schr Inca, from Honolulu.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Auk 20— Schr
Fanny Dutard. from Port Townsend.
SEATTLE: — Arrived Aug 19 — Bark Northern
Lirht, from Nome.
Sailed Aug 19— Stmr Portland, for Nome;
stmr Farallon. for Skazuay.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHIELDS— Sailed Aug 13-Br bark Ollve
bank, for Santa Roralla. ' .
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived Aug 20— Ship
Jair.es Nesmith. from Delagoa. Bay. to load for
Honolulu.
NANAIMO-Arrived Ang 13-Stmr Mlneola,
from Port Los Angeles.
ESQUIMALT— Arrived Aur 20— Bark Oregon.
from Honolulu. *
CALLAO— Sailed Aug 1J— Ger stmr Herodot.
for £an Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 20— Br ship
Poseidon, from Oregon: Br ship Ancyra, henc«
March 21.
VICTORIA— Arrived Aur 2(>-Ger bark Nlxe.
from Cheefoo; stmr Danube, from .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 20-^Stmr Frlet»
land, from Antwerp; stmr Ethiopia, from Glaiv
gow and Movllle; stmr Beljravla. from \lv\
burg: stmr Ethiopia, frem Glasgow.
Sailed Aus 20— Stmr Trave. for Southampton.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Vancou
ver, from Montreal.
TOKOHAMA-Sailed Aag 1?-Stmr Emprew
or Lhina, from Hongkong, etc. for Vancouver.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO3. Aug 20. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind we3t. velocity 8 miles.
Per Br ship Hyderabad— April 21. lat 3 W. Ion
2S \V— Nor bark Cara. from QtrdifT. for Cape
Town.
June 22, lat 38 S. len 94 TT— Br ship Andrada,
from Shields, for Santa Rosalia,
Per stmr Umatllla— Aug IS. 11 a m. lat 48 40
N. lon 124 DO W— Haw ship Hawaiian Isles,
from Santa Rosalia, for Port Townsend. Cap
tain's wife very sick. Wished to be reported.
Aue 14. lat 43 15 N. lon 4? W— Br ship Ber
muda, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN
LONDON. Aug is— Br ship Ilala. from Lon
don, for Vancouver, put into Montevideo dis
abled. Lost fore topmast and main topmast
In gales.
Stmr State of California. Parsons. Astoria.:
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Schr James H Bruce, Peterson. Chemalnus-
J H Bruce.
SAILED.
Monday. August 23.
Stmr Matteawun, Crosscup, Tacoma.
SKmr AVestrort. Ericsson, — — . ™
Stmr Cleone, Madsen. Casoar.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Gathrle. Port Harford.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. Eurfka.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendocino.
Stmr St Paul. Hays. St Michael.
Stmr Del Nort*. Allen, Astoria, etc.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, westport.
MISCELLANEOC3. .
Monday. August 20.
Stmr Santa Roaa, Alexander. San Diego*
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr St Paul. Hays. St Michael; Alaska
Commercial Co.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED. [
Monday. August 10.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. 33 hours from
Newport.
Stmr Santa. Cruz. Htnlcle. 75 hoars from Ca
yucos.
Stmr Luella, Miller, IS hours from Usal.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins. 62 hours from Vic
toria and Puzet Sound ports.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett, 32 hoars from
Ventura.
Srmr Scotia. Walvjg. 16 hours from Albion.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. 4 days from
Com ox.
Nor stmr Titania, GuIIlkson. 89 hoars from
Xanaimo.
Br ship Hyderabad, Scott. 148 days from Ant
werp.
Erig Courtney Ford. Murchison. 12 days from
Tacoma.
Barge Santa Paula. Nielsen, from San Pedro,
In tow of tujt Monarch.
CHICAGO, Aug. 20.— A surprise in the shape
cf an advance at Liverpool came to the trad»rs
when the trade In wheat began. It was In the
face of a radical Flump here Saturday and
Fhorts were accordingly Impressed. September
opened %©=;c higher at 72S®72?ic and for a
time held around these figures. Outslds people
were the best buyers earlv. while the local
crowd seemed about equally divided in their
views of existing conditions in wheat The
increase In the visible and heavy receipts at
primary points later In the session caused
aching by longs under which September re
iJJJE* t0 . -'.%• The close «•»» steady, a ehade
Chicago Grain Market.
Branch Hydrowaphlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' 'E.x'-hange. San Francisco. CaL.
August 20. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Kerry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. . e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at &
o'clock p. in.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant CommandT. 17. S. Nf.. In ch.-\r-?-.
Time Ball.
TO SAIL.
*120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 20. 5 p. m.
The fallowing maximum temperatures were
rrp^rted from stations in California to-dav:
Eureka €2 t*is Angeles 74 ]
Mfomtt Tamalpaie r.8 Secramento 76 i
Independence 76 San Luis Obispo 76
lied Bluff TS ?an Diego 70 I
FrefT.o (Si
San Krar.cifco data — Maximum temperature, (
C7; rrj'.nmum. S9: mean, €3. x
WEATHEIt CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the coun
try west of the Kooky Mountains. During the
r>a?t 24 hours there ha* been a ri?e of more :
than two-tenths of an inch over Oregon and
a lfiree pnrtir.n of California.
The tompcrature has fallen slowly along the
coan. It has risen rapi"i!y over Arizcma and
Frjthern l.'tah. ThnjUKhout the groat vaileys !
cf <ali'nrnla comparatively cold weather pre- !
vails. The tPtn'*>ratuir^ are from 6 to 13 <le- !
STfcr below the normal.
Ttaln is ;ail:nc in Western Nevada and thun
<S«-r^torms are reportr-d at BakT City and Boise
City. The following maximum wind velocities 1
fiy«- reported: CUMM City, 36 miles per hour, i
f rr m the Fouthw«-st; ImJependeiice, 20 miles, |
trrm tlie {southeast.
FV recast made at San Francisco for 30 hours j
rndmr midnight Auguft 21, l?00:
Ncrthfrn California— Fair Friday; warmer:
frerh northerly winds.
Fouth'ra California — Cloudy Tuesday, with
ehowerc ;n the mountains; warmer along the
const; brisk westerly wind.
Nevada— Fair early Tuesday morning; cloudy ;
Tu'sdsy.
Utah — Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday, probably showers j
Jn the mountains.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
fresh westerly wind.
ALEXAXDEIl G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
?
"The week started in yesterday with a fair j
degree of activity. There v.as a noticeable 1m- j
provement jn the demand fcr prunes, sales of
Com cars of 40s and i-C-s being reported for the ¦
account cf a Philadelphia house at figures faM '¦
to be v»ry close to quotations. An offer from
the Utst for four cars of . r /~s at a little under (
tlie USSTfcet wne heard of al«ri.
"Currants were in fair Uernar.d and prices i
were advai.cf d to T 9O6c and "Sc. and latent !
cables trom Greece, it m? reported, estimate,! ]
the darr.a«;f> to the (crowing crop as stil! lower
—from ;A',rm to 69.0C0 tens.
"Apricots were fairly active and higher. ?*- j
peclally for fancy, of which the surply is lipht. i
Pal<»s of two cars of fancy Royals were reported |
¦¦Tra^.e in nuts is fairly pad, Sicily fil^rts, J
pecans, Brazil nuts and «'h!!l walnuts '.-eins !
in Fome demand. Sicily fllbertt. are hUh»r. 1
being lusted at 10c by leading t'.->M»r?. <:hill ,
valrui? werp hisher also and Foi«3 verj' fr-»t*i..' ;
et f"jc. nuying of Hrazil nuts also Is better.
"Future applet were easier, being offprvo at !
frutr. 4'jC to 4^nc. with sales of several cars j
reported at figure* between those named."
Weather Report.
Laf mail advices from New York say
Dried Fruit in New York.
Tbe Fteamer Walla Walla Railed Sunday for j
Virt^ria with a cargo of general merchanilse. :
irar.ifested as follows: F->r Victoria, J14.309; j
for Cincinnati. J~40; fcr Chicago, J4r.(«. Tc/al j
value, |3.<S& The foilowlrg were the prtnei- ;
pai shi;>ments.
For Victoria — 4 ctls amrr.cnia, 31 cs arms xn4 I
ammunition. 42 sk6 b^ans. 10 bbls bluestone. |
1% !b<< ocJTee, (SI cs canned goods. II t«ji:s coal, i
1T<V) lbs chocolate. 5 cs dry^oods. 194 pkgs dried
fruit, to pkgs Chinese provisions. K2 bbls flour.
2SS3 rks» fruit, 2S c« fuse. 3 cyls gas. Co pkgs
rrocerif-s and provlslor.s, 46 bdls iron. 6 cs I
hat*. "04 os hardware. 123 bxs lemons. 15 bbls j
taoqoer. S*7 fks malt. 4 cs metal pc'.ish. 40 cr?
lll»l lilnnj. l^S crs onicne. I bdl« pi{>e. 300 crs |
I>"tatoes, l€0 cs pa^te. 1M l^xs raisin?. 15 bdts i
fpice, 4 r^P s ft eel, I& bxs sweet i>otatces, TG" j
f.-i'.s irlee, 4 j.kgs wagon material, S r'^K* j
\< rftaties. 11 cs oil. 2 rolls leather.
For Cincinnati— :uS bbls pick'.ed cherries. :
For Chicago— 1SS sks glue.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The Lender. Grocers' Oatette of August 4
mvf: "Much more ir.Quirr for apricots, pears
and peaches. There im a ccntinued good <S«?
rcand for salmon, a?:d a further adviace of Ir
In all traces has b?en recorded."
Fruit and Salmon in England.
The ~'.5a loefis wheat at Portland for Europe,
45s, prior to arrival: the James Ralph, lumber
at Port Hcfilock for a direct nitrate port. Cls
SS; the Kr.ilua. lumber at Grays Harbor for
Noumea. Cls T.d. part cargo to Newcastle. Aus
tralia.
Chatiers.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— The week started
with trade in dried fruits comparatively light.
comparatively small offerings and prices re
mained about unchanged. California sorts
were apathetic and featureless.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES- Common.
3@6c; prime. 4«;fi£5Ue; choice, 5Vtg«c; fancy,
6»£<(f7c.
California dried fruits:
PRUNES— SU^c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll@14c; Moorpark, 15® 17c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14glSc; unpeelcd, CPc.
DRIED FRUITS,
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining. 4"^c;
Centrifugal, &6 test, 4?sc; molasses sugar, 4c;
refined, eteadj-.
BUTTER— Receipts, SG1S packages. Firm;
Current packed factory. 14$16c.
¦EGGS— Receipts, 9554 packages. Firm: West
ern regular packing at mark, 10i@'1414c; Western
loss off, I62 i l7c.
NETW YORK. Aug. 20.-FLOUR-Receipts.
26.63S barrels; exports. 14.150: sales. 7250 pack
ages; market was quiet but quite steaaily held.
WHEAT— Receipts. 11S.275 bushels; experts.
40.6SS; sales, 3.785,000 bushels futures: 400,000
bushels export. Spot market, steady: No. 2
red, 7S?»c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 76'5'76?ic ele
vator; No. 1, Northern Duluth, El'^c f. 0. b. to
arrive. No 1 hard Duluth. 834c f. o. b. afloat
to arrive. Options were higher and firm early
j In the day, reflecting a Jump in corn, a good
! English buying, stronser cables and local cov
ering; subsequently they declined under real
izing, clored easy at He net advance; Septem
ber. 77H^77 15-16C. closed 77V4c; December, 79%
<g?0'ic. closed 79V-C.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Steady to firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE — Spot — Rio, easy; No. 7 Invoice.
fc^ic: mild, steady; Cordova, nominal. Futures
closed barely steady at a net loss of 13 to 20
points. Total sales. 136,500 bags. Including:
September. $7 30(S'7 35; October. $7 ZLi}' 40;
November. $7 45; December, $7 60<37 60; March.
J7 6CHf7 75: May, J7 7007 85.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— Close, money on call
steady at VA&VA per cent : prime mercantile
paper, 4S5 per cent; sterling exchange steady
with actual bualnesi In bankers* bills at |4 87ft
Nczv York Money Market.
100 Colorado Southern iBt pr*fd 4!
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 16
Delaware & Hudson 112
Delaware. Lack & West 178
Denver & Hio Grande lS^i
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67
Erie lO»i
SOO Erie 1st prefd 3314
• • OreRt Northern prefd 152
Hocking Coal 144
S0° Hocking Valley 34*4
700 Illinois Central 116^»
100 Iowa Central lgs^
Iowa Central prefd 43
Kansas City, Pitts & Gulf 1S\
Lake Erie & Western 2S
Lake Erie & Western prefd 91
Lake Shore 209
1.M0 Louisville & Nashville 71TS
l.P**) Msr.hattan L 91^4
SOO Metropolitan St Rv 154
12.". Mexican Central ]i%
W0 Minn & St Louis 551,
101 Minn & St Louis prefd Mw
Z.1Q<> Mi.«.«n:irf Pacific 50 s i
Mobile & Ohio 371*
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 9\[
IW Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 30*i
€25 New Jersey Central 134
1.S90 New York Central 129Vi
Norfolk & Western 34^ i
Norfolk & Western prefd 75
1.0(0 Northern Pacific 61*i I
100 Northern Pacifle prefd J1U
(00 Ontario & Western *>i
Oregon Ry 4- Nav 42
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd 76
2.460 Pennsylvania '"•'«$
ICO Reading - igs;
2.010 Reading 1st prefd 53
Reading 2nd prefd 28S
Rio Granrle Western 85
Rl<"i Grande Western prefd ' JO
100 St Louis A Pan Fran " 9«
4AA f l l^ ui "- & -^n Fran 1st prefd 66 I
100 St Louis & San Fran 2nd prefd . 34«i )
K"0 St Louis Southwestern.. n\
«$ It S £?£!£?£! prefd ::::,?&
St Paul prefd .".*."]."." m£
M Pau! & Omaha "ll4 '"
J.8S0 Southern Pacific '.'.'. 331
300 Southern Railway ••••••• 73
... 3f * T^'rs &££T v~™ : "" «s i
18.267 Union Paclflc liiMIMIIH^^IH M I
2.CC5 Union Pacific prefd ••-•.-...
Wabash -¦*
230 Wabash rrefd '. "" » I
230 Wheeling & Lake Krle '.'.]'" iv j
150 w:-.«>iins & Like Erie prefd *3»: !
« ls<T.nsin Central 14 j
Third Avenue '.' 115 i
Express Companies — """• ;
Adams j2j I
American
United States " 45
Wells Fargo V.V.V.V.V.1J3 I
Miso-llan«-oue —
100 American Cotton Oil 53 j
American Ccttcn Oil prefd.. $SH '•
American Malting " 41T
609 American Malting- prefd .".'!!". 24 "
fM American Smeltlne & Refining 37H
SOO Am Smelting & Refining prerd S8 1 *
American Spirits ju
American Spirits prefd 17
American Pteel Hoop 19U t
American Steel Hoop prefd 6SH
L.SSS American Steel & Wire 3",i£
l.:iO American Steel & Wire prefd 74\.
410 American Tin Plate 2.*.=i
... American Tin Plate prefd 7?^,
4.000 American Tobacco 93
American Tobacco prefd .".* I2ij
y) Anaconda Mining Co 44?^
22.715 Uro<>klyn Rap!<l Transit J6I4
y>0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 3j
400 Continental Tobacco 25V,
Continental Tobacco prefd 77K
6.746 Federal Steel ' 341!
T.G2 Fpderal Steel prefd ."¦" cty.
l.CKVi General Klectric i»«v
1.430 Oluoose Sugar .V.V.'.'II I?2
Olueose Sugar prefd '.'.'.'.'. 99 "
ISO International Paper 23
IK International Paper'prefd C6
6'0 Iviolc-de Gas 7514
220 National Biscuit ".'.'.'.'.'.'. 3li|
National Biscuit prefd SO
National Lead 3711
National Lead prefd f<v£
1.0M National Steel 25V-
National Steel prefd S4'"
Kw York Air Krake 130
North American 15
200 Pac'.ne Coast 55
Pacific Coast 1st prefd ' S5
Pacific Const 2d prefd r.314
£2.' Pacific Mail 311I
26/(00 People's Gas " %
?:o Pressed StoelCar '."„ hv.
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 72
Pullman Palace Car ."lil
Ftandard Rox>e & Twine f.'4
13.CS0 Sugar \.ix
Sugar prefd n?
rS.i Tenners** Coal & Iron 7O',i
S40 T.'nlted Stares Leather m»i,
lVt T'nitpi) Ftates Leather prefd 68%
1.105 United States Rubber 30^4
United States Rubber prefd ni ;^
Western Union S0H
10ft Republic Iron & Steel <""o ; .. 1114
2*0 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd i>3 : 4
P C C & St LouIp -4
203.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s. when 'M K & T 2<3s 66
issued, reg 104 MKftT 4s JUft
U S ref 2s, when N Y Ont 1st* lCS'i
Issued, coup 104 N J Cent ten 5s. ..122
t; S 2e ree 1W N Pacific 3s C5*i
i; S 3b coup 10? ;N Pacific 4s 104
U S new 4« reg....n2*i ; N Y C & S L 4s. ..107
U S new is couD..lS2*iiN & W con 4s 57%.'
V H old 4s reg 115 ;Or Nav lets 109
i: S old 4*. coup 115 ,Or Nav 4s 102
U S 5s reg 112% lOr Short Line 6s...l2»
D S £s coup 112'S Or S Line con 5s...ll!«^
Dis of Col 3.£s....l22 Readinu Gen 4s.... 87'4
Atchison gen 4s lOJii^R G W lsts 98»i
Atchi*on bjJJ 4s SoUiS L & I M con 5s. .110%
Canada So 2d» 103 S L & S F gen 6«.121V
Cheg i Ohio 4Vis.. 99V2!5-'t Paul cons 167
Chcs fz Ohio r.ts — lliVi'St P C &. P lKts....llg"
C & NW con 7s..-13«»iiS P C & V 5s m*i
C 6z XV, f PFdeb 5*.22i)ii So Paclflc 4s «7SV
Chgo Terminal 4s.. S2H' P " Railway T>s 10S»i
Co!o Scuthfrn 4s... £3 'Stand R & T 6s.... CS
D » R « 1st? 1C2 ;Tex & Pac lsts Ulii
1> & R G 4s S7"4!Tex & Pac 2ds 5C^i
Erfe Oeneral 4s C9 il.'nion Pacific 4s. . .105',-
F W i r> C lsts... 71 jWabash lsts 117U
General Elec Cs.... II 7 : ,4. Wabash 2ds 101*4
Iowa Central lsts. 113 jWeyt Shore 4? 111%
K C P & O lsts... 6SVi'Wip Cent lets SS?4
L & N Un« 4s S8»4^Va Centuries 90
MINING STOCKS.
Choliar HjOntnrio 5 75
Crown Point ISOphir 12
Con Cal &. Va 1 2b 'Plymouth 10
•Dcs.iwood b"' Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & f^u.rry.... 14 '¦ Quicksilver prefd.. 6 5J
Hale & Norcross.. 2C ! Sierra Nevada 3H
Homcstake ,.£»a CK) Standard 3 75
Iron fillver &0lTnion Con ;<»
Mexican 2"J. Yellow Jacket...... ' 2!>
DOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Paclflc 69
Call loans 2{?3 West End S3
Time loans 24r4i«lWestinghouse El... 46Vi
Stocks-- ~|Wis Central 14
A T & S F 27^1 Bonds—
A T & S F prefd.. 70«4|Atchlson 4s 9914
American Sugar ...1J2VN E Gas&Coke bs. 64
*m Sugar prefd 116 j Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 142^4 j Adventure 2%
Boston & Albany. .243 lAHouez llin Co.... V\
Bo!"toii Elevated. ..14414 'Amalg Copper tiy.
Boston & Maine.. ..188 jAtlanUc 23
Chpo Bur & Q 125ri:Bcston & Mont 317
L>ominion Coal .. 41V«-Butte & Boston $1
IMra Coal prefa....H0 jCalumet &. Hecla.."50
Federal Steel 34^|Centennlal a. 17U
Fed &teel prefd.... Cfi'^Franklin I. 14
Fitchburg prefd 13<J%; Humboldt 25
Genera! Electric. .. iS&Vi lOsceola 67
Gen Elec prefd 133 (Parrot 41%
Kd Elec 111 203 iQulncy 140
Mexican Central... ll^Santa Fe Copper... 4%
Mich Telephone S5 jTamarnck 200
N E Gas & Coke.. lSVilUtah Mining SOW
Old Colony 203 tWlnona 3
Rubber SOU I Wolverines 40
NOTE— In the above exposition of the. tiller
the earlv morning tides are given In the le't
hand column and the successive tides of th-i
day In the order of occurrence aa to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tl<!»»
and the last or right hand column gives ths
last tide of the day. except when th»r» am bu*
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
(riven are in addition to the soundings on th<<
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus si?n f— ) precedes the heizh:
and then th» number given Is subtracted f-o-i
the depth given by the charts. The olane of
refer»nce l« the mean of the lower low water*
TUESDAY. AUGUST 21.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley about the same.
Oats and Corn quiet. Rye lower and dull.
Fine Hay firm in spite of large receipts. '
Feed end Millstuffs as previously quoted.
Large and small white Beans scarce and higher.
Sweet Potatoes coming in from Merced.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in large supply.
Butter weakening under larger supplies.
Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Poultry and Game unchanged.
Fresh Fruits of all kinds in good supply.
Dried Apricots and Peaches in active demand and nnn.-
Nothing new in Provisions.
Hogs in increased receipt, but no lower.
Shipment o r
NEIV YORK, Aug. 20.— The steamship
Kaeserln Maria Theresa, sailing for Europe to
morrow, will take out 341.CC0 ounces of silver.
New York Grain and Produce.
LONDON, Aug. 20.— Atchison. 27*i; Canadian
Pacific. 92; Union Paclflc preferred, 78; North
ern Pacific preferred, 739i; Grand Trunk. G\;
Anaconda. 9Vi; bar silver, firm. 28 3-16d per
ounce; money, 24 per cent.
CLOSING
Excessive idleness In the markets here to
day caused universal heaviness except In cop
per shares, which were sustained by covering
of short contracts. Money was much easier;
call rates began at 2Vi per cent and soon became
nominal. Time money was 3 per cent; dis
counts 3% per cent. This ease is expected to
last to the end of the month. The Ind'.a Gov
ernment seems to be nibbling at silver.
NEW TORK, Aug. 20.— The Commercial Ad
\-erti?er's London financial cablegram eays:
London Market.
©4 $1% for demand and at $4 84#4 84% for sixty
nays; posted rates. ?4 S5@4 854 and $4 884®
t 59; commercial bills, $4 83>.i@4 84: bar silver,
61Hc; silver certificates. 01% <3»> 62>4c: Mexican
dollars, 4S^c; Government bonds, strong; State
bonds, easier; railroad bonds, irregular.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Surv?y_
Times and Heights of High and Lot,
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Eay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Th« high and low waters occur at
the city front tMlsslon-street wharO about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both Diaces.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 20.— WHEAT— UnchanjrM
from Saturday, dull and weak. Blue stem.
57V.c; club. 54Vfcc.
j» .,
PORTLAND, Aug. 20.-WHEAT - Walla
Walla, 54c; valley, 54®."5c; blue stem. 66057c.
Cleared — Ship Cedar Bank for Queenstown
with 136.667 bushels of wheat.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 20.— Clearings. $433.
267; balances, $76,032.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, Aug. 20.— Consols. 9ST4: silver,
2SV4d: French rentes. ICOf 60c ; cargoes on pas
sage, buyers and sellers apart: cargoes No. 1
standard California, 3f>s 6d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 25s 6d; English country markets, easy;
wheat and flour on passage to United King
dom. 2,330.000; wheat and flour on passage to
Continent. 1.1S0.OC0.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 20.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s 4d; wheat In Paris,
firm: flour In Paris, steady; French country
markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 5%c.
WHEAT— Spot dull; No. 2 r<»d Western win
ter. 6s 2d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 3d: No. 1
California. 6s 4d. Futures, quiet; September,
f>s 1H><3; December. 6s Sd. -?
CORN— Spot, lirm; American mixed, new, 4s;
old. 4s Id. Futures, steady, September, 4s Ud;
October, 4s ?4d; November, 4s Vid.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— In the opening call
August cotton declined 11 points, while the rest
of the list was 5 points lower to 2 higher. Crop
news carried prices up 11014 points from the
lowest level of the forenoon. At the close the
feeling was steady with August 7 points lower
and other months 7 to 12 points net higher.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, August IS, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange. Is as follows:
Wheat, 49,761,000 bushels; increase, 1.543,000
bushels.
Corn. 9,102,000 bushels; decrease, 2.241,00} busn
els.
Oats, 7,024,000 bushels; increase, 1,167,000 bush
els.
Rye, 6S1.C0O bushels; Increase, 57.000 bushels.
Barley. 389,000 bushels; increase, 39,000 bush
els. >
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20 —Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Grapes— Tokays, 11 10@
1 85. single crates; Malagas. $1 05® 1 20: Clus
ters. 51 7052)1 SO. Pears— Bartletts. $1 "0@2 40.
Poaches— Orange Cling. 85c@$l 05 box; Susque
hanna. average $1. Plums— Kelsey Japans, 9oc
@?3 single crates ; Yellow Egg, 85C!?$1. Prunes
-Gros. 70c®U 25 Bingle crates; Silver, 80c@
51 05; Hungarians, $1 25(fTl 70.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Pears—Bart
letts. Jl 35®>2 40 box and 83c©$l 10 half box;
Beurre Hardys. $1 15@1 25 box; Scckles. $1 1O<0>
1 25. Peaches— A lbriffhtP 90c box; Salways.
75c; Late Crawfords. 55c@$l 10; W. Freestone.
$1 10@l €0. Plums— Kelseys, 45c(3'$l 10 single
crate; Satsuma. 55c; Yellow Egg. 50c. Prunes
—Hungarian, Jl 05@l 65 single crate; Bulgarian,
90c: Gros. 80S $1; silver, 60c.
CHICAGO. Aug. ">0 —Porter Bros. Company
soles California fruit: Plums— Yellow Egg. 5c
©70c single crate. Prunes— Germans. $1 05 sin
gle crato; Gros, 55@S0c Poars— Bartletts, $1 10
<S1 75 box; Beurre Hardys. SI 43: Duchesse, $1 10
box. .
Earl Fruit Company rales: Grapes— Malagas,
75c@$l 05 single crates; Clusters. $1 ?5iS)l 45; To
kays, $l@l 15. pears— Bartletts, $1 «@2 box:
$1 05 half box. Plums— Kfl?ey Jupans. 40c«li
SI 20 single crates: Quackenboss. $1®1 30; lel
low Eggs, 40@90c; Grand Duke, tWl 13. Prunes
—Gros, 55c@Jl 20 single crates; Germans. $1@
1 20; Hungarians, 60c@$l; Victorias, average
C5c. . '
California Fruit Sales.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
CLOSIXG QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session. j
200 Caledonia ES, 200 Silver Hill .... fill
300 Challenge Con.. 2d{ oCO Yellow Jacket.. 34
200 Gould & Curry 17| |
300 Best & Belcher 1»| 50» Justice. . 04
500 Chollar 17(200 Ophir. 53
700 Chollar 18|7i>J Potosi 26
400 Con Cal & Va. 1 40 400 Potosl 25
20rt Con Cal & Va 1 42% 300 Savage 13 i
SOO Con t?al t Va. 1 46 300 Sierra Nevada. 38 I
500 Crown Point... 16 400 Sliver Hill 62 j
200 Gould & Curry 17 200 Union Con 21 i
200 Hale & Nor.... 23 200 Yellow Jacket. 32 I
400 Hale & Nor.... 24 "¦
Morninz Session.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Board—
35 Contra Costa Water..... 6J 624
15 Contra Ccsta Water 63 50
125 Equitable Gas 3 25
100 Hana Plantation Co 7 87H
25 Honokaa 23 624
20 Makaweli 44 00
25 Makaweli 43 75
145 Makaweli .* 43 62<4
30 Makaweli 43 50
$3CfO Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent. 117 50
100 Pacitlc Gas Imp 51 50
50 S F Gas and Electric Co 53 87>>4
Street—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 118 50
2000 Oceanic S S Bonds 106 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board—
10O Home Oil (B 30) 4 55
200 Yukon 60
street
500 Home Oil 4 50
MINING STOCKS.
FoTlowlrr were the sales In the San Fran
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morninr Session.
500 Con Cal &. Va 1 40i 100 Potosl 24
100 Crown Point.. 171 200 Savage 13
200 Gould & Curry 17| 100 Silver Hill 52
200 Hale & Nor... 24! 550 Union Con.... 22
100 Potosi 551 300 Utah 09
Afternoon Session.
HOT Challenge ... 29 300 Overman 08
60 Chollar 18 150 Potosl 22
100 Occidental. . . 13 200 Yellow Jacket 33
100 Ophlr 57 200 Yellow Jacket 34
200 Ophir. M
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Equitable Gas J3
20 Market Street Railway 64 00
20 Paauhau S P Co 20 874
25 Pacific Coast Borax 150 00
10 Paclflc Gas Imp 51 50
25 S F Gas and Electric Co 54 00
1 Spring Valley Water 95 75
10 Spring Valley Water 95 50
Gas & Electric— ! Pac A F A 2 —
Cent G & L Co — — jPac C Bor Co. 150 152
Cent L & P Co 4 54: Par Paint Co. 124 —
l>o (1912).... 1134120 JHonokaa S Co 29V 2 —
3 PRClst gtn5s — — ; Hutch S P Co 231i —
S P Br 6s 13274 — Kllauea SP Co 20^ —
S V Water 6s. 115 — Makaweli 5 Co 43^ 43»»
Do 4a !02*il03 Onomea S Co. 264 23
Do 3d mtg...l02 — iPaauhau S Co. 29T* —
Stocktn Gas 6s 99H — Miscellaneous-
Water Slocks— Al Pack Assn.118%119
Contra Costa.. 633a — Cal Fruit Assn — 9?
Marin County. 514 — Mer Ex Assn. 37 103
Spring Valley. 05',, 96%'Oceanic S Co.. 92 93
Miscellaneous — : iSac ElG&PCo. 25 35
Cal-st Cab 5s.U6t4 — |S F Q t .E.... — 54
C C Water "is.loeVilOSWSan Francisco. 5 6
Ed L & P Cs.l27',i — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
F & Cl Ry 63.115 — Insurance —
Geary-st R 5s. — 99 Fircm's Fund. 225 —
H.C & S 5V4s. — — Bank Stocks-
Do 5s — 104 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 —
L A Ry 5s....-106%107U Bank of .Cal.. — 412H
L A Lt Co 6s — — Cat K D & T.. — 10.
Do gntd 6s.. — — First Nationl.273 —
L A gntd 5s. .100 102V4 Lon P & A. ...1344 —
L A P R R os. — — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s.. 127^130 N'ev Xat Bk.. — —
Do 1st M 5S.119H120 Savlcrsf Banks—
N C N G R 7s — — Ger S & L....13C0 1963
N R of Cal 63.113 — Hum 8 & L.. — —
Do 5s — 113% ifut Sav Bk.. 4.5 —
N P C R R 68.101 — S F Sav U 507 —
Do 5s 106^107 Sav & L So.... 74 7S
N Cal Ry 5s.. - 111V4 Sec Sav Bk.... - -
Oak G.L & H.lll 112" Union T Co.... — —
Oak Tran 6s..U7!i — Street Railroads-
Oak W Cogtdis — 103 California 123 —
Oceanic S Co. 106% — I Geary-st 60 —
Om C Ry Cs...l27 — |Mark«t-st 64 644
P &*C1 Ry-Gs.lC3Vi — |OSL£ H.... — 43
P & O R P. Ks.113 — IPresidlo — 22^i
Povrell-stR 6s.l20 — Powder Stocks—
Sac El G&R5s. 99^101 California ....1J3 162H
S F & SJV Ss.llD — 'Giant Con Co. — 8«4
S R of Cal es.imilll^Vlgorlt 3% 3?i
R P of A 6s...lll«illl»i! Surar Stocks—
S P C 6s (1505; — 111 !Hana S P Co. 7% 8
Do (1906)....— 1127i!Haw C & S Co 87 —
U S Bonds— . lEquit G L Co 3% 3li
4s quar coup.. 115 115?i I Mutual El Co. 10 11
4s do reg 115 115}Jo G L &. H.... — 50
4s do cp new..l32iil33VPac G *s Imp.. 51% 51%
4s quar cou^..lOD 109?i'Pac L Co 44^i —
MONDAY. Aug. 20—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business was light on the morning session or
tha Bond Exchange, and the only changes were
an advance in (jaw and Electric to $54 and a
decline In Spring Valley Water to $35 50. The
afternoon was quiet.
The oil stocks were Inactive, with lower
prices for Home Oil.
The Makaweli Sugar Company will pay a
dividend of 50c on the 25th.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST 20.
Flour, ctls 27.715 'Chicory, bbls 3
Wheat, ctls 7,013 Lime, bbls 4*>
Barley, ctls 17.620 Hay, tons 1.1D4
Oats, ctls 620iStraw, tons 94
Cheese, ctls 4lvPelts, Mis 90
Butter, ctls....... 175 Hides, No 20x
Tallow, ctls 1.350 Wine, gals 17,050
Beans, sks 2S7! Leather, rolls 16S
Potatoes, sks 5.4S4 Eggs, doz 13,470
Onions, sks 545 Powder, car 1
Bran, sks 485 Susar. sks 600
Middlings, sks.... 113 Wool, bales 241
50c more: 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for lees than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
lnos, half-barrels. 6.S5c; boxes. 7.10o per lb.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at 16%c.
TIN— Very quiet at $31031 25. ' . '
LEAD— Dull at $126 The brokers' price for
Ie 2p ls f4 aT)d for copper lC%c. __
COPPER— Unclmng^d; brokers 1 '. *1« 75; ex
change. $16 62>,ic; casting. $15 25. .^
* i ' *
California Fruit Sales.
¦ SUGAR— The /. Western - Sugar Refining ¦ Com
pany quotes, cer lb, in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and' Fine Crushed, 6.60c; Powdered,
6.20c;. -Candy Grandulated, 6.20c;. Dry Granu
lated, 6.10c; Confectioners' A. 6.10c; Magnolia
A. 5.70c; Extra C. B.60c; Golden C, 5.60c; bar
rels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes.
BAGS-San Quentin Bags, to C3; Calcutta
Grain Bags. BT4c:Wcol. Bags. 2S«4©32>4c: Fleece
Twine, : 7He; Fruit Bags, GH@C?«c for white and
SKfflS%c for bleached Jute.
COAL-Welllngton. $9 per ton; SouthfleM
¦U'elllngton, J9; Seattle. *7; Bryant. J6; Coos
Bay. %r> CO: - Wallsend. -*9; Co-operative Wall
send. $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and J13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. J14; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $lf per ton in bulk and
$18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. IS 45
per - 2C00 lbu. and . $S 50 per ton, according to
>'¦'""' -'^^tj **~?Er--#i\ '1 hbmSn 'Hits*"'' ¦ '
General Merchandise.
LA MH— Spring. S%0flc per Ib. „
PORK— Live Hogs. C@6ttc for small. R%O3,Ac
for medium and CViSo^c for largei stock Hogs
and feeders, 5y.@3Hc; dressed Hogs. 8@SHc
Receipts of Hogs are rather larger, but not
sufficiently so -to weaken quotations. Other
descriptions stand the same. .
BEEF— SQ^c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL- Large. 7@Sc; small, S'.i^Vic per lb.
- MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@?c; ewes, 70Tttc per
pound. . - .
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls, and brands sell
about 1c under quotations". Heavy salted
Steer?, 9V4c: medium. 8!4c; light. SV4c; Cow
hldes. (lie: Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. Sc: Calf. 9c:
Dry Hides, sound. lSc; Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calr,
15c; culls and brnnds. 12c; Sheepskins. Shear
lings, 20@30c each; short Wool 30«50c .each;
medium, 60(^80c: - long- Wool. 90c®$i 1" emch;
lloree' Hides, salt. J2'd2 25 for large. $1 75 for
medium, |1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $160 for large. i\ 25 for medium.
11 for email and 23<tfS0c for colts. Deerskins—
Summer or red ekins. 35c; fall or medium
skins. SOc; winter cr thin skins. 20c. Goatskins —
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, &0c;
medium, 35c. • -.i 1 :
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered. 4JN^c per lb; No.
2. 3<2T3Ho; grease. 2<ff2'>e.
WOOL— Spring clic is quotable as follows:
Northern fre*. 15C?16c; Northern, defective. 1;©
14c; Middle County, frpe. 14{nSc; .Middle Coun
ty, defpetive. 12®Hc; Southern Mountain, 12
months'. ll(7T12c: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 10@12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'; 9«fllc: Humboldt and Mendocino.
16ffl7c; Nevada. 13016c per lb.
Fall Clio— San Joaquin, SfflOc: do Lambs,
S$9'.4c; /Humboldt and Mendocino, 10<J12c:
Mountain. 9tM0c per lb.
HOPS— Old. nominal at E®10c per lb: new.
ioijri2c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wbol and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One*half barrel. 8T»c; thre<
half-barrels. S%c; one tierce. S'Sc; two tierces,
SV&c; Hvb tierces. S%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted ot 7c per lb for com
pound and Oc for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9^c,
10-lb tins. 9-\c: 5-lb tins. 9%e.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10Hc per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 12%c for light. 13c
for extn* light and HHc for sugar cured. East
ern BUga'r-cured Hams, 13c: Mess 3eef. $12 per
bbl; extra Mess. $13: Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork. $15 50; extra clear, 519; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12V£tfl3c per lb.
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts. SjTlOVic for standards and 9
@llc for softshells; new Almonds, UV»)&ri2lic
for pap'r shell. ,»^s® 10c for soft and 6S7c for
hardshell; Peanuts. f>@6»ic*ror Eastern and
Uflbc for California; Brazil Nuts, lI<&J2Hc; Fil
berts, 12jJ13c; Pecans, llG13c; Cocoanuts, J3 bO
HONEY— Comb. 13S14C for bright and 12ft
12%c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7Vi<ff"%c: light amber, extracted, 6>4©G%c; dark,
BHii6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24Q 26c per lb.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. !»c: standard, Sc: prim?. Gc; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. SUc: choice. 7Vtc: standard. S^c;
prime. 6c: unbleached Sultanas. 6c: Seedless
00-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown locse Muscatels. 5^c;
C-crown, 6\ic; 4-crown, 7c; London layers, 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. J2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NEW CROP— Prunes, nominal; Apricots, 6tJ
?c for Royals and 9<5-10Hc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5*iFc: sun-dried. ZQZVic
Peaches. r-05Hc for standard. 6c for choice and
7c for fancy: Pears, 607V4c; Plums, pitted.
iiiCc: ur.pitted. l©l\4c: Nectarines, 4ff5c for red
end 5^"Kc for white.
Peaches and Apricots continue firm, "and
choice large sizes are In quick demand, but
scarce. Other fruits Bhow no change worthy
of note.
Whatever may be the outcome of the Prune
AFs^ciatlon. one beneficial fact is already
established— for the first time in years the
crower is managing his own market. Reports
from San Jose quote what the "growers"
think, what the "growers" want, and so
forth. In previous years it has been just the
other wav: very little has been heard from
the Erower, but a good deal from the buyer.
The grower is having his innings at last, after
having: been under the direction of the buyer
for too many years for his own good. If the
growers have nerve enough— and it begins to
look as if they have — to bo ri£ht along and fix
their own prices this year to suit themselves,
their pockets will be much heavier at the
close of the season than- In former years. They
are on the -right track thus far. at least.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $1 5002 for com
mon and $2 SCxiM 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. t.V9S; Bananas, $lfj2 per bunch; Pine
apple?, $1 10^3 50 per dozen.
MELONS — Nutmegs. rSSCOe per case: Cantal
oupes, SOcfJJl 25 per crate: Watermelone, $S@
20. with extra large at $2C@30 per 100.
PHACHKS — ScSjHWc per box and 2o'@50c per
basket; in bulk, »12 MWrM per ton for freestone
and il'MZO for clings; Mountain Peaches, 35i@«5c
per box^
GRAPES— Fontalr.ebleau. 35<340c per crate:
MuFrats. 353Z6QC rer crate; Seedless, WSSic per
crate; Sweetwater, 25SJ40c; black, 3"<(?;0c; To
kay, Sr.ftrXc; Isabella, Tf-cfjl; Wine Grapes, $22
per ton for Zinfanriel.
DEClDUOl/tf FRUITS—
APPLES— 2'>9J5Oc :>er box for common and
50c@$l fnr good to choice; Crabapples, 2S@30c
per small box and 50c per largo box.
PEAKS— Bartletts. 35®75c in boxes and $20®
25 per ton in bulk.
QUINCES— iVKfSoe per box.
STRAWBERRIES— J5<S6 per chest for large
and $4S8 for small berries.
RASMMBRRIES— SS07 per. chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3 :«X?f5 per chest.
HUCIvLEBERRlES-3(a6c per lb.
FIGS— 25^250 for single and 40@65s for double
layer box«.
NECTARINES — White, 35@50c per box; red,
ZZcfill.
PJ.i'MS— MffSCr nor box and crate; in b'llk.
?12®15;per ton; Prunes. 25'gCOc per crate; Egg
Plums. }12fI15 r>T ton.
Grapes continue In heavy supply and weak.
The Victoria steamer on Sunday took out the
usual 10b barrels pickled Royal Anne Cherries
for Cincinnati.
Th e week opened with large stock3 of al
most all kinds of fruit. Fine Bartlett Pears
arc wanted, especially In the country, where
the canners are eager buyers. Melons are
rather more active, owing to the milder
weather. Otherwise there Is- little new to re
port;
The Panama steamer brought up -560 boxe3
of Mexican Limes, but most of them were unfit
for the market. Prices art? lower. .
Receipts cf freestone I'eaches are lighter and
prices are tirm in consequence. Clings are dull.
Longworth Strawberries are coming In small
and undesirable.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Supplies of Butter are In excess of the de
mand, and the market is weakening again.
Cheese stands the same. Eggs are dragging,
but there is no decline.
BUTTER-
Crcamery— Fancy Creamery, 24324&c; seconds,
23ti23'/4c.
JJalry — Fancy. 22',4c: good to choice. 20g"22c:
common, 15®15c.
Creamery tub— 20@22V4c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@2Ce.
Firkin— lS(gl9c.
CHEESK-Ntw. 9(S9V4c; fancy, 10c; old. $&
SM.c; Young America, 10@10%c; Eastern, 13%@
14c; Western, 10@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 15«?lSe for store and 21@
25c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 15®19c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9®10c for Gobblers
and 10@llc for Hens: Young Turkeys. 16c:
Geese, per pair, $1 25<$1 50; Goslings, Jl &C<3>1 75;
Ducks, $3<§4 for old and $3#4 for young; Hens.
V- &0^5; Ycung Roosters. $4{?.".; Old Roosters.
S3 B0(9'4 SO; Fryers, J3@4; Broilers. *3©3 50 for
large and %2fi2 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 50*31 73
per dozen for old and $1 5CKEC1 7J for Squab?.
GAME— Doves, c0(g60c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits. $1 25@1 £0; Brush Rabbits, $1; Hare,
$1 2Si&1 50.
There was not enough on the market yester
day to change prices.
Poultry and Game.
Other Sweets are steady. Potatoes are firmer.
Onions are weak at about previous prices. To
matoes ars still cheap, and there is no scarcity
Jn other Vegetables.
POTATOKS— Garnet Chiles. Me: New Early
Rose. 25#30c: Burbankr, 40@65c for Rivers and
75c<gr$l per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, l%@2c
ONIONS -Yellow. EO@65c per ctl; pickle
Onions, t»0@7ac. ¦,:,;:">
vrca ETA BLES— Green Corn. G0c®$l per sack.
73c@$l per crate for Berkeley and *1@1 50 for
Alameda: Green Peas, Z<y3c per lb: String
Hep.ns, 2(@3t%; Lima?. 3<i?4c; Cabbage. 4*fi30c;
Tomatoes. River, 15@Kc; Bay. 25@40c: E{?g
Plant, 50@73c per box; Green Okra. 4l>360c;
Grpcn Per>i>ers, 3o@50c per box for Chill and 40
ffifiOc for Hell: Dried Pepners. s@10r: Carrots 25
@35c per sack; Summer Squash, 33@50c for Ala
meda: Cucun-.bers. 15<?Z30c for Alamfda: Pickles.
?1 per ctl for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2; Garlic. 2V4
«£3c per lb; Marcowiat Squash. i il'<'a-'> P er lon -
Into the possession of Henry Mills. Pen
tonvllle road, London, who sent forty
pounds of it to the Queen at \Vlndsor
castle and disposed of the remainder to
her Majesty's subjects in the vicinity of
King's Cross.— Buffalo Commercial.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Shipping Intelligence.
Lake Erie sturgeon fishermen have
caught some whoppers occasionally, but
¦we rather think they have had no experi
ence quite equal to that of some North
Sea fishermen on the smack Jubilee, who
made a haul the other night which con
siderably startled them. It was a royal
sturgeon, and before It was successfully
brought on board It succeeded In doing
something like $750 worth of damage to
the nets. "When weighed It turned the
scale at 525 pounds, and It Is credibly said
to be the finest specimen of Its kind ever
caught. This undeniably royal fish came
A Royal, Sturgeon
10
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. I Destination. I SalU. | Pier.
Empire |Coos Bay Aug. 21, 10 am[P!«r 1J
CSsellc China AJapan Aug. 23, lpm'PMS3
Slate Cal.. Portland Aug. 21. 11 am Pier 2«
Santa Rosa San Dleso Aug. 21. 11 am Pier 11
rcmona ...|Hnmbot<lt Aus. 21. 2 pm I Pier 9
Australia .JHonoIura An^.2, 2 pmjPler T
Coos Bay.. 'Newport Aug. 23. SamlPl^rU
Barracouta'Cen. America. A us. 23, 12m|PMSS
Eureka (Humboldt Aug. 23. 10 am Pier 11
Arcata ICoos Bay Aug. 23. 12 m|Pl«r 13
Umatllla ..Victoria Aug. 24. 11 am! Pier »
North Fork! Hum told t 1 A up. 24. 12m!i > ler 2
Ciarlna ....[Seattle !Au«r. 24. 11 ami Pier 11
Corona |San Dleco IAb?. 25. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .|Portlan<l )Au(r..2«. 11 am! Pier 24
Pt. Ar»na..|Point Arena. .lAuit. 27. 3 pm I Pier 3
Bonita [Newport... .,..fAu*. 27. SamjPIerll
Steamer. J From.
I Due.
Wellington 'Oyster Harbor
North i-'ork Humboldt
Coos Bay Newport ,.
'Washtenaw Taeoma „
Eureka Humboldt ,
Columbia Portland
Corona San Diego ,
Crescent City .. Crescent City
Tanis Hamburg
Pomona I Seattle ,
Mariposa (Sydney
Point Arena IPolnt Arena
Bonita (Newport
City of Puebla. [Victoria
San Mateo iNanalmo .......
Curacao (Mexico
Santa Rosa 'San Diego
Areata jCoos Bay
-I
..jAus. n
•Aug. 21
uUncQ
• I Aug. B
..Aug. 23
..Aug. 23
.. Aug. 2j
.. Aug. 23
.. Aug. n
. . Auk. 24
.. Auk- 24
.. Aug. 24
. Aug. 23
,. Aus. 25
.. Aug. 2*
. AUJC 47
.\Ang.y
-Uug. 28
Sun rises 5 .51)
Sun sets g-~
Moon rises 2:06 a. iri.
D TtmeJ Time Time) ITimH
£ i Ft. Ft. f Ft. ! Ft
"> L Wj H Wj ; L Wl |H W| .
21 ... 2:43|— O.S 9:«! 4.8 5:33! 2.9! 8 3SI 5 7
22 ... 3:311—0.3 10-25! 4.9 3:251 2.7! >TOI 57
23 ... 4:121-0.2 lt:00| 5.0 4:12 2.4t M:19t 55
24 ... 4:45| 0.1 11:33 5.2 4:5il 2.1! UWI 5 4
25... 5:17! 0.4! 12:08t 5.3 5:r,l 1.8; 1147 bj
26... S:47| 0.81 12:^S| 5.3 8:14! 1.7!...!.. .
!H wj jl wj n wj ;l w; "¦
27 ...[ 0:30| 4.8| 6:18 1.2 1:05 5.2| 9:54 1 SNicholl Still righting-.
San Franciscan Comes to Grief.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 2O.-SIegfrie4
Wulff of San Francisco was arrested here
to-night for selling tickets In a lottery
drawn in Germany^- He has been making
monthly visits to this city, and the of
ficers say he sells about J6000 worth of
tickets a year here to rejrular customers.
He had heretofore passed as a commercial
traveler, but was to-night caught in the
act of selling lottery tickets.
MEMBERS OF WILD WEST
TROUPE BREAK LOOSE
Demolish Residence of a Policeman
Who Shot One of Their
Number.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 20. -A special to
the Sentinel from Prairie du Chien, Wls.,
says: Thomas Vavra, a special police
man, shot Charles Triangle, an artillery
man of the Wild West Show, in the leg
during an argument to-night. The atiair
caused a riot. Vavra escaped to a saloon
under the protection of Marshal Lindner
and Policeman Merrill, who were seriously
The 5 mob of the Wild West Show broke
Into the saloon Just as Vavra left It. and
completely demolished the interior of the
building. Vavra's house was also wrecked.
An appeal was made to Colonel Cody
(Buffalo Bill) who quieted the mob.
Everything was quiet at midnight and no
further trouble was expected.
FARMERS GATHERING
AT COLORADO SPRINGS
Good Speakers Have Been Secured
and Arrangements Made for
A Entertaining Delegates.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Aug. 20.—Colo
rado Springs is preparing to entertain the
Farmers* National Congress, which as
sembles in this city to-morrow morning.
The day has witnessed the arrival of a
large number of delegates from various
sections of the country, but the leaders of
the organization will not arrive until the
morning trains. - „
The visitors will be welcomed at their
meeting to-morrow morning in the High
School Auditorium by Mayor J. R. Robin
son on the part of the city. To-morrow's
speakers include, besides Mayor Robinson,
General B. F. Clayton. Hon. J. J.
Redding of Georgia, P. L. Whitmore of
Sunderland. Mass.. and Professor Elwood
Mead of Cheyenne. \Vyo.
Strike in a Box Factory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SISSON. Aug. 20.— Forty men employed
in the Cogglns Brothers box factory at
Igerna, eight miles north of here on the
lallroad, walked out to-day. The men
have been working eleven hours a day
and they asked for the time to be re
duced to ten hours, which was refused by
the mill owners. The factory is now at
a standstill. The firm has several large
orders on hand for fruit -boxes and cases
and the factory has been running on ex
tra time. The men were immediately paid
and discharged. Both sides are confident
of winning in the end. It is rumored that
the employes in some of the other box
factories in this vicinity are di3satisfled
with the eleven-hour schedule and will
ask for a reduction of one hour, and if
not granted will join the strikers.
Accidentally Shoots Himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, -Aug. 20.— S. F. Clough. a
prominent citizen of _ Merced who is here
on a visit, shot himself to-day and to
night Is In a serious condition. The affair
is said to be accidental. Mr. Clough. it
is asserted,, had taken a rifle out to a
Belgian hare pen. with the intention of
shooting one of the rabbits. He laid the
rifle on one of the hutches and was bend
ing over trying to scare the rabbits out
when the door fell and struck the trigger,
causing the gun to 'go off. the ball enter
ing hls» right side just over the lung. When
the accident happened the gun was
against his clothing, and his vest was
bRclly powder burned. Physicians have
been unable to ojtfaln the bullet by prob
ing and a fatal result la feared.
Dies in Jail.
Special Ulapatch to The Call.
WILLIAMS, Ariz.. Aug. 20.— BUI Irwin.'
a well known character for the past fif
teen years In this Territory, died this"
morning while locked up in Jail. Last
Saturday night Irwin. In company with
another man. broke Into the warehouse
of one of the business houses and while
carrying out cases of goods was caught in
the act. They were immediately arrested
and locked up. Upon a hearing they
were bound over to await the action of the
Grand Jury at ?300 ball. Irv.in has prop
erty here and was generally considered in
good standing. * Whether he committed
suicide or whether he died from sudden
heart failure is not yet known
STOCKTON. Aug. 20.— Alfred Williams,
who shot and killed William Martin at tho
Stockton Mineral Baths on the night of.
Misuse 1. for which he was he d to answer
without bail, was to-day admitted to bah
by Judge Budd upon habeas corpus i pro
ceedingi. In th« sum of J25.000. Judff*
Budd filed a lengthy opinion In support o£
his action. Williams thinks ho witt »~
able to furnish the amount.
Fixes Williams' Bail at $25,000.
Official investigation was set on foot to
day by Public Administrator Hawes to
discover the possible whereabouts of any
of the old man's heirs. The greatest sur
prise was the discovery of the savings
which have lain in the bank vaults all
these vears. It came about by the legal
requirement which demands that all bank
accounts held uncalled for during a cer
tain number of years shall be advertised
to the public. .
McNea was 76 years of age when he died.
He had been feeble for a long time, and It
was- said he would mumble about his
wealth, but would resist any effort of
those around him | to learn v.-here it was
hidden. He had earned It by slow process,
and from year to year had added to the
store until a very handsome nest egg was
accumulated. But never a dollar did the
old man expend except . for the barest
necessities. Indeed, he would deprive
himself of the most essential articles in
order to increase his savings, which now
await in all probability process of law. to
escheat to the State. - c
Fourteen years ago David McNea, an
aged peddler of. notions, died in a miser
able den that he called home on Franklin
street. The old man was accounted a re
cluse and miser. There were stories afloat
of a fortune hidden away. After his
death a search was made for possible
hoarded gold, but it was unsuccessful.
Long ago was the aged miser forgotten,
but now all of the stories have been re
vived, for the fortune has been found.
To-day there was brought to light stored
in the Hibernia Bank of San Francisco
an account of several thousand dollars
which has lain there earning Interest and
untouched since the date of the old man's
death In 18S6.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 20.
Thousands Are Recovered
Which Were Hoarded by
an Aged Recluse.
MISER'S STORE
OF GOLD FOUND
IN BANK VAULTS
Early this morning Sergeant of Police
Duke arrested F. Ferandez and placed
him in the tanks at the City Prison The
prisoner was taken at the corner of Ellis
and Octavia streets and the police strong
ly believe that he is one the footpads
who have been operating in the Western
Addition during the past week.
Ferandez is about 25 years of age. His
clothes, stature and general appearance
are almost identical with the description
given of one of the bold highwaymen by
his victims. The prisoner has been posi
tively Identified by B. Hess,- wtiy was
robbed of a gold watch, coin and cuff but
tons at the corner of Oak and Pierce
etreets several nights ago. as one of the
men who held him up.
Sergeant Duke also captured two opium
fiends last night— Mathew Coyle and
George Iceland— as they were in .the act
of breaking into a grocery store at the
corner of Geary and I^arkin streets. They
were locked up In the tanks a*, the City
Prison. Leland had a burglar's file in his
possession.
cuspect Identified by a Man
Who Was Held Up
and Robbed.
BOLD FOOTPAD
THOUGHT TO BE
IN THE TANKS
PALESTINE, Tex., - Aug.' 20.— Walter
Wilkerson was to-day convicted of 'par
ticipation 'An. the "Humphries lynching,
which occurred in Henderson County in
May, 1SS9, andwas sentenced to the peni
tentiary for Jife. Three others have been
sentenced for the offense. PgsHS
Participated in a Lynching.
BERLIN, Aug. 20.— The work of opening
the tombs of the ancient. German Em
perors-buried in the Cathedral of Spires
is progressing. The first discovery made
was of the sarcophagus of Emperor Con
rad II surnnmed the Sallque of the Fran
conla, who died in 1033. The remains were
found undisturbed.
Opening Tomhs of Monarchs.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 2O.-The United
States battleship Alabama left Cramps'
shipyards to-day for her official trial,
which will take place off the New England
coast early next week. The Alabama will
go directly, to the Brooklyn navy-yard,
where she will be placed in drydock for
the purpose of. having her bottom cleaned
and painted. From there phe will go to
Boston harbor, where she will anchor for
several days while her machinery is being
overhauled. The speed trial will take
place over a measured course between
Cape Ann and Cape Porpoise.
Trial of a New Battleship.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, Aug. 2O.-r-The mer
cury touched 93 in the shade here to-day.
James Folley.and Thomas Magnus died
of sunstroke to-night. - During the day
there were ten other heat prostrations.
OSHKOSH, Wls.. Aug. 20.— Intense heat
to-day was followed by a severe electrical
and rainstorm. The Perry gun store on
Main street was wrecked, a bolt striking
the store and the wind blowing in the
front. . Crops were damaged and many
small buildings were, wrecked, some of
them being llred by lightning and de
stroved.
ABILENE, Kas.. Aug. 20.— This was the
eleventh day- of 100-degree weather and
and the temperature rose to 115 with hot
winds. Pastures and corn are badly
burned.
HOT SPELL CONTINUES.
BURLINGTON, Iowa. Aug. 20.— The
amount of money contained in the express
package from which the contents were
stolen en route from Chicago was J20.C00
instead of $23,000. as reported. The theft
was one of the. smoothest pieces of work
known to . the express or bank officials
here. The package left the Commercial
National Bank. Chicago. Friday afternoon
and was delivered to the Adams Express
Company, which brought it here Saturday
morning and delivered It to the bank at
9:30, when the discovery was made that
the package contained twenty bundles of
neatly trimmed waste paper.
Cashier John Fleming immediately re
ported to Adams Express Agent KJnney.
and the two went to Chicago with the
package. The address on the fraudulent
package is claimed by the Chicago bank
officials to be a forgery of their clerk's
handwriting.' Several Chicago detectives
are here working on the case.
Population by wards in 1900 is as fol
lows: Ward 1: 24.274: Ward 2, 23,547; Ward
3. 32.9S0: Ward 4. 37.092; Ward 5. 43.315;
Ward 6, 60.216: Ward 7. 36.S44: Ward 8.
38,742: Ward 9. 51.539: Ward 10. 91,097; Ward
11. 37.533; Ward 12, 75.607; Ward 13. 47.327;
Ward 14. 71.52S; Vard 15, 79.944; Ward 16,
C4.S59: Ward 17, 20.713; Ward 13. 20.503;
Ward 19. 46.929: Ward 20. 29.577; Ward 21.
34.105: Ward 22. 32.757: Ward 23. 33.434;
Ward 24. 35.S30; Ward 25, 54,588; Ward 26,
70.757; Ward 27. 29.131: Ward 28. 31.013;
Ward 29. 41.214; Ward 30. 106.124; Ward 31.
56.575: Ward 32. 69.202: Ward 33. 51,892;
Ward 34. 91,145; Ward 35. 11.795.
• • » - •
VALUE OF STOLEN PACKAGE.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 20.— The popula
tion of the city of Chicago, according to
the official count of the return of. the
twelfth census, is as follows: In 1900
Chicago city had 1,698,575: In 1890, 1.009.850^
These figures show for the city as &
whole an Increase in population of 59S.725.
or 54.44 per cent, from 1S90 to 1900. The
population In 1SS0 was 503.1S5, showing an
Increase of 59t>,665, or 118.58 per cent, from
1SSO to 1S90.
More Than Fifty-Four Per Cent
in the Past Ten Years.
Census Returns Show an Increase of
POPULATION OF
v THE WINDY CITY
as secretary for the past twelve years.
and his abser.ee yesterday was the first in
that long period. Illness In his family 13
assigned as .in excuse.
Addresses were delivered at the meet
ing of the Congregfationalist minister*
yesterday by Rev. W. C. Merrill of Wash
ington. Professor Lombard, who 13 on his
way to Japan aa a missionary; Rev. Mr.
Ives of Paradise. Cal.: Kev. Dr. Morgan.
C. P. Dorland, Rev. Mr. Harlowe of Mas
sachusetts. Rev. O. H. Gulliek of Hawaii
and Miss Mary D<? k ton of Japan. Rev.
Miles Fisher of Oakland will be installed
pastor of the Mill Valley Congregational
Church next Monday. Rev. Mr. Odell
spoke of the million-vote pledge. He con
sidered it unsound and would not nave
anything to do with it. He also said It
was partisan politics.
At the Methodists' weekly meeting Rev.
W M. Woodward read a paper on Spir
itualism." On Monday next the Metho
dist ministers expect to be addressed by
Bishops J. W. Hamilton. David H. Moore
and Earl Cranston.
Rev. Mr. Bostwlck read a "China.Bulle
tin " prepared by Rev. Arthur J. Brown.
D D. and issued by the Board of Foreign
Missions of the Presbyterian church in
the United States, at the Presbyterian
ministers' meeting yesterday. Dispatches
which have already appeared in the col
umns of The Call were contained In the,
interesting paper. In concluding, the
"The officers of the board are sparing
neither time, labor nor expense in its en
deavor to anticipate the necessities of the
missionaries abroad and to co-op«rate
with the Government and friends at
home." 'j ¦''_'¦" ''
Interesting Meetings Held by Pastors
of Many Denominations — Ex
cellent Papers Read.
Charles E. Cornell addressed the Pres
byterian Ministers' Union yesterday
morning on the "Relation of the Pastor
to the Temporalities of the Church." It
developed durins the discussion of th»>
subject that the elders considered It was
to the advantage of the pastor to be pro
tected from having to teat the temporali
ties, and the pastors ¦were of the opinion
that if they wanted to preserve the
church they had to push forward the tem
poralities.
At the next meeting of the Presbyte
rians Rev. John HemphiU. Kev. "William
Alexander, Kev. Dr. John W. Dlnsmore
of San Jose and Rev. R. F. Coyle of Oak
land will <liscus3 the following Question:
"Should There Be a Change in the West
minster Confession of Faith? If So.
V/hat?"
The absence of Rev. Joseph Woodward,
the venerable secretary of the Presby
terian Union, was noted". He has acted;
MINISTERS DISCUSSED
, THEOLOGICAL SUBJECTS
SAN JOSE, Aug. 20.— The medal shoot of the
San Jose Rifle Club held at Scheutzen Park
to-day resulted thus: Champion class — J. G.
McMillan 202. George Keffle 19o. First clas*—
K. Schumacher 163. Mose Schmidt 130, n. Scherf
166, w7 H. Roberts 1S7. Second class— A. E.
Weber 178. W. G. Flint 172. Theo. Medici 143.
Third class— Edward Maxey 1S6, L.. Hecken
roth 155. Champion medal won by J. O. Mc-
Millan: first class medal won by W. H. Rob
erts: second class medal won by A. E. Weber;
third class medal won by Edward Maxey,
First best shot, J. G. McMillan. 24; last best
shot. George Keffle. 24. The club will hold a
grand prize shoot in October, open to all com
ers.
VANCOUVER. B. C, August 20.— There Is
little change to-day in the situation of the
strike of machinists on the Canadian Pacific
Railway. At Winnipeg they are Btill In de
bate on the question of the minimum \ra<re.
There was a lull in the negotiations caused by
the boilermakers walking out of the meeting
in a body and refusing to treat further with
the management. This was only temporary,
and another conference is being held this
evening.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 20.— On Sunday after
noon there was a cloudburst at Boca, a small
railroad station on the Central Pacific Railroad
rive miles east of Truckee. The water literally
came down in sheets and In a short time
streams were running by the roadsides. The
gauge showed that 1.22 Inches of rain had been
precipitated. At Truckee there was but a
trace of rain. /
PACIFIC GROVE. Aug. *».— John Gorner of
this place was seriously injured while trying
to stop a runaway team in Monterey. He at
tempted to Jump upon the wagon to get pos
session of the relna, but missing his footing
he fell and the wagon, which was heavily la
den, passed over his body, inflicting severe in
ternal Injuries.
HELENA, Mont., Aus:. 20.— Tom Martin and
Barney Keegan ujmet a lamp while flyhtinsr In
a room in the Hamilton House at Hamilton,
Ravelll County, and set fire to the building.
Both were burned to death. The hotel and
three adjoining hotels were burned. Loss
$10,000; paitially insured.
NEW WHATCOM. Wash, Aug.» 20.— The un
certainty as to the location of the interna
tional boundary where it passes through the
Mount Baker district in this county, is caus
ing: considerable confusion and has already
started claim Jumping. The arrival of the field
notcp from Washington Is expected to clear up
the matter.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 20.— Guy C. Schrader. 19
years old, son of Adolph Schrader, committed
suicide by taking morphine to-night. During
the evening he sent a note to a friend an
nouncing his purpose of finding his life. She
notified tho police. When the officers reached
Pchrader's room they found him JUEt breath
in: his last.
VAXCOUVEH, B. C, Aug. 20.— The German
ship Marie cleared for London to-day with the
largest cargo yvpt loaded on any sailing ves
sel on the Pacific Coast below decks. She
carries 1.512.000 feet of lumber brlow decks and
did not put a slr.Kle tlmbor on deck.
WOODLAND, Aug. 20.— A drove of 100 Oregon
hordes etampeded on Main street, running over
and demolishing three vehicles. In one of
thete vehicles were seated a woman and two
children, ull of whom had a miraculous escape
from kjjury, perhaps death.
SL*ISUX, Aur. £0.— Frank Sylvester pleaded
guilty in the Superior Court here to-day to
a charge of grand larceny and was sentenced
to one year's imprisonment in San Quentln.
SUISUN. Auk. 20.— The trial of John W. Mc-
Neil, charged -with the murder of his nephew,
J. XV. McNeil, will commence in the Superior
Court here September 12.
SAXTA CRUZ. Aug. 20. — The homo of Mrs.
Souza was completely destroyed by fire this
mornlrr. The cause was a defective flue and
the loss is about {1500.
WOODLAND, Aug. 20.— M. Digjrs has pur
chafed a herd of registered Durham cows and
calves, which he will ship to his Glenn County
larm.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
Professor Charles Mllls Gayley, chair
man of the committee on freshmen ad
visers, spoke briefly. He urged the In
coming students to make the acquaint
ance of their instructors and to seek their
advice and assistance when in need of it.'
The students met the instructors at the
close of the ceremonies.
A college rally in honor of the class of
1CO4 was held at Harmon Gymnasium this
evening, where 2000 people assembled to
take part In this innovation In University
of California customs. The freshmen to
the number of 500 were the objects of a
hearty, uproarious enthusiasm, which
vas toned by the heart-warming speeches
of the evening.
Ralph T. Fisher, president of the Asso
ciated Students, was chairman. He di
rected attention to the fact that the rally
was a new thing in college life. Hereto
fore the undergraduates had rallied to
cheer their representatives in athletic and
forensic struggles to victory: now It vas
to cheer on the class of '0t in its work for
the years of college activity ahead of It.
Will T. Drum, track team captain of 1899,
and Ezra Decoto. manager of the track
team, gave a welcome from the athletic
point of view. President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler spoke for unity.
"We have got to be one family. There
v.-ilf be 2300 students in the university and
600 freshmen when we organize this
term," paid the president, "and what shall
wo do with them?"
"Cinch 'em," yelled the exuberant un
dergraduates.
The Interruption was hugely enjoyed by
the president. Professor Henry Morse
Stephens of Cornell University concluded
with congratulations to the University of
California in securing President Wheeler,
and urging the students to be loyal to
their college.
"Any man who dares to lift a hand
against the property of the university Is
cur foe and we will take him by the
throat and put him out as an enemy. Not
I, but you, will yut him out, for he Is the
enemy of our family. So in athletics he
who endeavors to soil them, to debase the
pure coinage of amateur athletics, who
for the sake of winning a game will re
sort to professionalism, or unfair tactics,
we will put him out. Not I. but you. will
take him by the throat and put him out."
"We plight our oaths to-day to be luyal
to our alma mater. College loyalty is
leiigion. We plight our troth to be loyal.
We will care tor our alma mater, for her
name and her fame.
\\ hen you go out into the world and men
ask you whence you came and you
say tnat you are from the University of
Californa, they will receive you then and
hold you, in want of other knowledge, as
a worthy member of a great institution. •
•"Gentlemen." he said. "I am very proud
end happy to be piaced in command of
such a body of men."
The companies dispersed after giving
three heaity cheers to their new com
mander. In the gymnasium President
Wheeler welcomed the incoming class.
"ft greet and welcome you." he said. "I
welcome the largest class that has ever
entered the university. Your numbers
have already reached astounding propor
tions; they are still growing and will soon
pass five hundred. .This means much to
cur university and to our State. It Is a
great thing when the university gather?
t-» Itself tlve hundred of the best sonr of
men within the borders of the State.
There are lots of you. and you will make
lots of trouble. But we are glad to be
foubled by you. We will Fhare with you
and break even with you what we have.
"You have been made members ot a
gieat family. All that we have you be
come partakers of: you become sharers
in all that the members before you have
achieved. All the victories in football and
debate are yours no less than theirs. All
the glory arid honor that has come to the
university, the glory of .great and repu
table men who have gone forth from her.
in all this you are become partakers.
"L'nder the authority of the United
Stales Government I place in command
of this regiment a man who is celebrated
In his profession; a good man, a true man,
a noble man is to command this body of
cadets. I take pleasure in presenting to
you Captain Henry De H. Waite."
Captain Walte's reply was given with
characteristic military dignity and brief
ness.
Just before the ceremonies at the gym
nasium the cadets In uniform, with the
exception of the freshmen, drew up be
fore the flagstaff, where Captain Henry
De H. Waite, who is to command them
this year, was presented by Preetcton-t
Wheeler. In introducing him President
Wheeler said: ¦*.
BERKELEY. Aug. 20.— In a simple,
brief manner President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler welcomed the fresh
man claps to the University of
California this morning. At 11:15 o'clock
Harmon gymnasium was thronged with
upper and lower classmen to attend this
annual ceremony. The seats in the main
body of the gymnasium were mostly oc
cupied by freshmen, while upper classmen
and visitors thronged the rear and the
galleries. Deans of the colleges and fresh
men Instructors and advisors were also
present in force.
Photo by "vVilcox.
- /
CAPTAIN HENRY DE H. WAITE.
Rauer's statement was that Nypaard
called at his office and at once became
abusive, calling every one thieves and
robbers. The collector says he ¦was !n aa
inner room and hearing the racket ramo
out and asked th«> seaman what was the
matter, also telling him not to use such
language. Nygaard showed the receipt,
and after verifying it an apology ¦was
made for the trouble he had been put to. 1
Nygaard became more abusive and the
boy. Clark, went to put him out. He
knocked the boy down and the clerk.
R. J. Graf, threw him out. Rauer denied
throwing the bottle of Ink and said he
did not know who threw It.
"I got a letter from Rauer last Mon
day." said Nygaard. "telling me to call
and settle the bill within a week, other
wise an action would be brought against
me. I could not call till to-day and gave
up my Job aa first mate to do so, as I did
not want a policeman coming to the
boat. The boat left this afternoon with
out me. I went to Rauer's office and
showed him the receipt. A young man
called me names and came and struck
me on the nose. He grabbed hold of me
'to throw me out. and just then Rauer
threw an ink bottle at me. which struck
me on the back of the head and covered
me with ink. It was thrown with such
force that It broke and I got my hand
cut with the glass."
Nygaard over a year ago owed a board
bill amounting to $27 70. It was placed
in Rauer's hands for collection, and on
September 16 of last year Nygaard paid
Rauer $12. getting a receipt In full, which
he fortunately kept. The amount above
the $27 70 was claimed by Rauer, Nygaard
says, as fees.
Nygaard was taken to the 'Receiving
Hospital to have his injuries attended to
and Rauer and his office boy, Walter
Clark, were taken to police headquarter3
by Policeman Walsh. They were detained
there till Nygaard was able to make hi3
appearance, and after both sides wera
heard Rauer was booked on a charge
of battery and released on J20 cash bail.
There was a lively scrap In Jaka
Rauer's office, on Sansome street, yes
terday afternoon, and Oluf Nygaard, first
mate on the steamer Point Arena, came
out of it with a lacerated wound on his
scalp, a broken nose, a swollen and cut
hand and his clothes and face covered
with Ink.
Oluf Nyganrd/Jsaman, Given a Warn
Reception on Calling to Show
That Ho Had Paid a
Lively Scrap in the Office of
the Well-Enown Bill
Collector.
HE SAYS RAUER
THREW AN INK
BOTTLE AT HIM
Mr. Fitchie said in addition that not
only were secret service officers informed
of this matter but the New York police
had information cf it from the Paris po
lice officials.
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
Taylor left for Washington to-day. He
investigated while here the cases of the
two Italians Maresca and Gulda, but re
fused to say anything before reaching
Washington.
It was learned that suspicion as to the
coming of Maresca was inspired by rival
detective bureaus, who were anxious to
place the man under arrest on the
strength of an anonymous letter received
by the American Consul at Naples.
Commissioner Fitchle said that late
Sunday evening a letter waa received from
Consul Bylngton of Naples Inclosing a
cops of a letter dated August 2, in which
an anonymous writer stated that he had
overheard a conversation between
Maresca and another Italian in a saloon,
during which Maresca, who was intoxi
cated, paid he was about to sail for tht
United States to kill President McKinley.
The Consul added; according to Commis
sioner Fitchle, that he had cabled the in
formation to "Washington, and that he
had mailed copies of the letter to various
European ports and to ports of entry in
the United States giving a description of
Maresca.
NEW YORK. Ayg. 2O.-Maresca and
Gulda, the Italians suspected of being
anarchists and detained by the immigra
tion authorities, are still in the detention
boat Narragansett on Ellis Island.
Commissioner Fltchie said a search of
Maresca's baggage had not revealed any
documents oi an incriminating nature.
Gulda begged that the letters found in
his trunk and signed "Rosa" be restored
to him and his request was granted.
BERLIN. Aug. 20.— The German police
have agreed to stop all anarchist meet
ings in Germany and four have been sup
pressed in Berlin. It is said that 1S6'for
eign anarchists, of whom 103 are Italians,
have been expelled from Germany since
the assassination of King Humbert.
Baggage of Maresca and Guida In
spected, but No Evidence of an
Incriminating Nature Is
Police Are Instructed to
Break Up Their
ANARCHISTS TO
BE SUPPRESSED
IN GERMANY
d>ine to encourage resistance to American au
thority In the Philippines or elsewhere under
our flag. ,,
America had no thought of the Philippines
when she declared war against Spain. Unlike
all former territorial acquisitions they came
to us unsought. Thomas Jefrerson dispatched
eml?sarien to Paris to purchase the Territory
ot Louisiana from Napoleon, and they used
GVpny £nci**tivor to cfl rry oui thoir mission.
Texas became a part of the United States long
after its acquisition had been determined upon
by the adventurous Americans who Fettled upon
its soil and shed their blood In rearing and
maintaining- its lone star flag, California be
came part of the American Union because of
designs long contemplated and suecessfully
carried out. But the Island territories ac
quired from Spain were not the prizes of con
quest well planned and Ion* cherished. They
came as «he result of a war solely in the Inter
ests of humanity without any ulterior or selfish
motive.
When Dewey's suns shook the Spanish flag
from the cat>itol at Manila and destroyed the
;«wer of Spain to maintain law and order
there it became the duty of the Government
of the United States to supply that law and
order, and there has boon no time since when
the American forces could have been with
drawn . and law and order maintained ex
cept the task had been taken up by Ger
many or some other ambitious power. There
does not exist there, and there will not exist
th«re for many years to come, the elements
out of which might be formed and maintained
an orderly and independent republican gov
ernment. As William McKinley said at Bos
ton, it seems that the hand of destiny placed
our -flag there, and I believe that it will stay
there until Its people are capable of. self-
Kovernment or until all of the Inhabitants of
the islands have made known their wishes to
the American people. In the coming election
I purpose taking my stand with the Govern
ment of the United States and not for the
dlctatorshiD of Aculnaldo.
his resignation as a member of the Demc
cratic Central Committee to Chairman
Hogan and has announced himself as a
supporter of McKinley and Roosevelt. Mr.
Sullivan takes Issue with William J.
Bryan oh the Philippine question and con
tends that it is now the duty of all citi
zens, regardless of politics, to stand by
the administration and the flag. Other in
fluential Democratic citizens of the Gar
den City are of the same opinion as Air.
Sullivan, and will vote for McKinley and
Roosevelt.
Mr. Sullivan wrote the following letter
to T. C. Hogan, chairman of the Demo
cratic Central Committee, tendering his
resignation and explaining why he will
vote for William McKinley for President:
As I do not Intend to support the nominee of
the Democratic National Convention for the
office of President of the United States, I deem
it proper, at this time, to tender my resigna
tion as a member of the Democratic Central
Committee for this country.
Permit me to say that I am constrained to
take this course by the conviction that the atti
tude of the Democratic party toward those
questions growing out of the Spanish war Is
neither wise nor patriotic. I believe that the
ratification of the treaty of Paris was an act
of xvltdom. and that the President is entitled
to the support of the American people In the
ccurse that he has pursued toward the Philip
pine Islands since that time. I am not willing
to follow in the footsteps of Edward Atkinson
or ratify aii that he and hls> followers have
SAX JOSE. Aug. 20.- John W. Sullivan,
the well-konwn attorney, has tendered
• ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
In an Open Letter He Announces His
Resignation and Says All Citi
zens Should Support
Administration .
Santa Clara Central Com
mitteeman Says He Will
Vote for McKinley.
PROMINENT SAN
JOSE DEMOCRAT
DESERTS BRYAN
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler Wel
comes Young Men and Women
to State University.
WARM GREETING TO THE
NEW CLASS OF FRESHMEN
Yesterday morning Harry E. Corbett
and Thomas Wand, a telegraph operator
in his office, called with their attorney,
George D. Collins, upon Warrant Clerk
Peery. Collins produced a long typewrit
ten complaint charging Corbett with vio
lating section 1 of ordinance 86 against
poolsellinsr. He. according to Peery. rep
resented that Chief Sullivan consented to
the complaint being sworn to, as it was
to be a test case and would be brought
before the Superior Court at once. Peery
on that showing- "O K'd" the complaint
and It was sworn to by Wand before
Judge Conlan. Corhett was, at his re
quest, arrested by Policeman Dougherty
and booked at the City Prison, being re
leased on $."» cash bail.
Collins immediately obtained a writ of
habeas corpus before Judge Cook and it
was made returnable at It) o'clock, this
morning. A notice was served upon Chief
Sullivan, and he was surprised. He made
inquiry and learned from Warrant Clerk
Peery of the representation made by At
torney Collins that he had consented to
the arrangement, and he promptly laid
the matter before the District Attorney,
who will take steps this morning to have
the proceedings quashed.
"I did not give my consent," said th»^
Chief, "as there Is a conviction by Judge
Mogan in a similar case against Corbett,
on which sentence will be pronounced to
morrow. Collins came to me Saturday
and said that Attorney Coffey had not. in
cluded in the complaint against Corbett
the facts, but had simply charged him
with violating the ordinance. He wanted
another arrest made on a complaint em
bracing the facts, and said if the police
would not do it he would have to do it
himself. I said 'All right; we cannot pre
vent you,' but that was not giving my
consent."
The complaint recites that on August IS
Corbett received from William Daley $10
deposit as a bet on Fltzsimmons in the
fight with Sharkey at Coney Island Au
gust 25. to be transmitted to San Jose,
and that Corbett after receiving 10 cents
commission from Daley transmitted the
bet by telegram to Osterhout In San Jose.
The second trial of Henry Schwartz by
jury is set for this afternoon at 2 o'clock,
and Attorney Collins notified Judge Con
lan yesterday morning that ttr. Kahn
would come into court and testify that
Schwartz was still too sic!; to be able to
appear. Attorney Coffey, for the prosecu
tion, suggested that Dr. Bazet should call
upon Schwartz and report as to his con
dition, but the Judge refused. Coffey
went to Chief Sullivan and the Chief saw
the Judge, who said he was willing that
a physician of the Board of Health should
call to examine Schwartz, but he should
have the naming of the physician, and
not the attorney for the prosecution. The
Chief said that would be satisfactory to
him, and the Judge will name the physi
cian this morning. Meantime a venire
for fifty talesmen has been Issued, and If
it is decided that Schwartz Is too sick to
come into court the case will have to be
continued. '¦
The poolroom men have, according to
the police, taken a snap judgment on
them, but they declare it will not have
the effect or force expected, .as already
steps have been adopted to counteract the
scheme.
Chief Sullivan Alleges False Bepre
sentation and Steps Have Been
Taken to Quash the Pro-
Harry E. Corbett Is Arrested
on Complaint of an
Employe.
POOLSELLER IS
CHARGED WITH
SHARP PRACTICE
Alfred Ounha. athlete from golf to foot
ball, will leave s an Francisco on Wednes
day for Honolulu, his father's home, and
nay not return. This Is why Stanford's
red has suddenly taken on a blue shad
ing?.
Cunha. who played center on Taie's
football team la.n year, returned to Cali
fornia early in the pummer. He then an
rMraneeOtthat he would remain on the
coast and complete his academic education
in this State. An athlete weighing 2S6
pounds, active ar..l vigorous, he was a
r riz ?< J'7 l Hhcr Pta "'f'<5 or California.
He ifked the cardinal, and expressed hi»
intention of makir^c himself a student at
Palo AHo and playing on the football
u-am. That wan enough. Every mother's
pon of Stanford was at him. and Cunha
was backed. All thi<= was cardinal Joy.
Now comes the sorrow.
A few days ago the stout heavy-weight
who went Eas=t for gridiron laurel*, re
c«*r*d a letter from h<p lather callinR him
t« '•'¦'¦ island home. Cunha does not know
PP what to make of a. but one thing he
is certain of. and that is that he is wanted
in Honolulu. He fear* the worst which
means that he will be held in Honolulu for
keeps. And Stanford, hearing of this, is
ead.'
Stanford's Football Find May Not Be
Able to Join Cardinal Banks
This Year.
CENTER-RUSH CUNHA IS
CALLED TO HONOLULU
five y.--ars. At the close of his remarks a
resolution was presented, declaring: that
the dub favor the passage of a similar
1« in this State. The resolution was re
f fared to a committee, which will be ap
pointed by the president.
Contractors Nickerson & Malley have
been declared ••fair." A. Kusch. contrac
tor on a 15000 Ftable for H. Butters in
Piedmont, has been declared "unfair."
The Twentieth Century Cluh of the;
First Unitarian Church listened to-night
to statements of the millmen's troubles
from representatives of both sides. Ed
ward J. Hassfurthor. proprietor of the
Lr-wis mill in San Francisco, ftated that
the cause of disagreement was the refu
sal of the ny'.l-workers' union to guaran
tee protection from northern mills work
ing ten and fourteen hours a day. He un
derstood the reason of th»'ir refusal to.be
that the capital of these mills Is too large
to be fought against.
TV. C. Grairtund. a member of the Mill
workers' Union, said the men had organ
ized in April to secure shorter time, be
rause they were the only workers In con-
Dection with buildings who labored more
than eight hours a day. One Oakland
mill-owner, he said, at first induced his
men to unionize, but has since turned
arainst them.
itev. Benjamin Fay Mills, minister of
the church, presented the plan of com
pulsory arbitration, which has kept New
Zealand free fr.*m strike* during the last
Bl! union men; «h?rel">re be it
Resolved. That tbe Alameda County Fed
erated Trades extends Its sympathy to the
locked out tr.'.llmtn. and pledges itself to sup
port th*m in their trouble, morally and finan
cially, to the extent of their ability, and wilt
<\r, all in thfir power to assiet them in the set
tlement of t^eir difficultr-
Resolved. Further, that an engrossed copy cf
these resolutions be forwarded to the Mlil
ffi'ti'i Union, both of th!« city and San Fran
clsro. under the seal of the federation, signed
fives ja a position antagonistic to the vre:i
r>«-;T.7 of a large clas* of eki'led mechanics ar.u
should t* 1 cor.f3firm<?d by all fair minded men;
and
Wtwreaa. The funwrt of the Rulldlng Trades
C'^'jtu •;! has been extended to them, and it rt
fuE»s to. allow members of Its allied branches
to i'-rform any work on any structure that
¦ecitri material from any establishment classed
*s "unfair" — establishments that work more
Aan eUrtit hours per day: and
f Wherean. The demand of the m!Ilmen is Just
Ultf they ar* entitled to the hearty support of
V\'h"r*cf. The mnicwner*, in refuMnif the just
work day; and
Whereas. The MillTnen's t'nlon of this city
ar.u county »nd of the city and county of Sa.n
Franci^o have made a demand for a shorter
"Conditions are favorable, in my judg
rri'-r.t. for an amicable settlement of the
differences."
The Alampda County Federated Trades
has adopted the following resolutions:
OAKLAND. Aug. 20.— The millmen's
fight situation is unchanged. Whether the
Alamcda County Building Trades Council
will join in -he arbitration movement wit-h
Ea:i Franc's' o millmen Is a question not
yet settled. Business Agent J. H. Mullen
nnnounced to-day that the Alameda
County Council would act Independently
upon the matter and that it was in no way
bound by the actions of the council across
the- bay. Concerning the g-er.eral situation,
Mullen said:
Council Has Not Decided on
Arbitration Matter.
Alarneda County Building Trades
3 The council had its aK^nts out as usual
> yesterday an<1 the contractors are still
drawing the line on handling: non-union
goods. A load of stuff was delivered to
Crintractor^Jliller by the Kxcelslor Red
wood Company Saturday and yesterday
morninp: Mr. Miller telephoned the firm
to send a team around and take the goods
hack.
SEEKS INDEPENDENT ACTION.
Just what will be the basis of the Mer
chants" Association's plan of compromise
is uncertain, but there must necessarily
be concessions on both sides. Possibly the
arbitrating committee may strike a happy
medium, making the workday eight and
a half hours instead of eight. This would
give the men a half-hour noon rest as at
present. Instead of a whole hour as
planned under the eight-hour schedule.
Such a plan, however, might conflict with
The established rules of the National
Trades Union. A more likely scheme of
arbitration would be the protection of the
local industries from foreign competition
in the event of the eight-hour rule being
put in force.
The labor headquarters was crowded
with workmen last evening and all seemed
anxious for news. President McCarthy
sa!d th<? Building Trades Council was rest
ing on its oars pending action by the mill
owners and Mei chants' Association. Ho
said the council would b«» willing to abide
by sr.y foir proposition from the board of
arbitration, and he was confident the mill
r.wners would look at the matter in the
f-nmc light. He thought both sides were
anxious for a speedy settlement.
. The Merchants' Association has not yet
neard from the Mill-owners' Association
relative to the plan suggested by the
builders for settling the trouble between
the mill-owners ana operatives. Member*
of the Merchants' Association have con
sented to act as arbitrators, and they will
draw up a plan of settlement just as soon
as the mill proprietors give their consent
to the proposition. There will be a meet
ing oither to-night or to-morrow evening
to discuss the matter. So far as can b<?
learned, there Is no pronounced opposi
tion to the plan.
Th© mill-owners are Just now discussing
the possibility of the out-of-town mills
getting into the trouble as a matter of
assistance to the mills of the city, which
are bearing the brunt of the fight. Nego
tiations have been under way for some
time, but so far there ba.v© been no re-
The scheme as reported was that all
nulls in the State should come together
to keep afloat the smaller mifjs of the city.
™J \'?1 J™ mU L s e ""mingr on a nine
and tea hour schedule and the argument
waa that, if the strike In the city should
he successful, the next demand would be
tttar the eight-hour day must prevail li»
? U V° C t T Pt 'w mllls as wel1 as c ity mills.
And that the strike might be successfully
withstood, the out-of-town mills were to
cozne into the combination, and by ad
vancing funds Insure the defeat of th«
strike m the city, thus guarding them
selves against future trouble nearer
home.
Both Sides Waiting for th© Outcome
of the Offer of the Mer
chants' Association to
Arbitrate.
Attempts Being Made to (Jet
Out-of-Town Mills Into
the Fight, „
COMBINE WANTS
SUPPORT OF THE
OUT SIDE OWNERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1900.
WOODLAND, Aug; 20.— A number of
buyers, are In Yolo County. in search of
mules for the Government. . The demand
created by three wars has resulted In ex
traordinary sales of ¦Yolo County stock.
Wars " Aid Yolo Stockraisers.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
James O'Connor, a carpenter, fell down
an elevator shaft in the Hale Bros.'
building last evening and sustained con
cussion of the brain, a dislocation of the
loft arm and a possible fracture of the
ekull. He was at- once removed to the
Receiving Hospital, where he was tempor
arily treated. It Is doubtful If he will re-
Fell Down an Elevator Shaft.
THE GREAT DOVE HUNT.
a Three Days' Event.
Paso Robles Gun Club .Preparing for
PASO ROBLES, Aug. 20.— The Paso
Robles Gun Club is . making elaborate
preparations to_. entertain a large number
of sportsmen at the State dove hunt, to
be held next Friday, Saturday and Sun
day. Two thousand invitations have been
sent out and a largo number of accept
ances received.".' There will be a bluerock
shoot '. each day ' and \ a : dove hunt : In ¦ the
afternoon Sunday evening the affair will
end with a grand dove stew at the Hotel
Paso Robles. Dovesare numerous.
Richard U. Goode. geographer of the
Pacific division of the United States Geo
logical Survey, lectured last evening In
the hall of the Academy of Sciences con
cerning the work of the service represent
ed by him. The discourse, which was
technical to a large extent, was made en
tertaining by the liberal use of lantern
slides and explanations of the apparatus
used by the geological survey.. Mr. Goode
said that the apparatus was so fine that
a variation of five feet In longitude would
bo noted.
An Illustrated Lecture.
WASHINGTON, Auc 20.— William M. John
son of Hackensaek, N. J., president of the New
York State Senate, has been tendered and has
accepted the offfce of Assistant Postmaster
General, ¦ made vacant by the resignation of
Perry 8, Heath. He will take charge In. a few
days. . ;.
LONDON. Aug. 20.— The Pall Mall Gazette
publishes a dispatch from Rome which declares
that' an important medical discovery oonccrn
lnK the cause of Brlght's . disease ha« been
made by Dr. .Ovid Brown, formerly of New
York and now of Rome.
WASHINGTON. Augr. 20.— The record of the
plague In Manila for the two weeks ending
July 7, as just reported to the Marine Hospital
service. Is seven new cases and five deaths.
Of the new cases, four were Filipinos and three
Chinese. - "
GIBARA. Province of Santiago <le Cuba. Aup.
20.— Governor General Woods' ride from Puerto
Padre, via Las Tunas and Holsruln, on hlfi
convention canvass, was completed here last
night. lie covered over 120 miles In twenty
hours.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aus. 20.— Scheklb Bey,
head of the clphar bureau of the Forelzn Of
fice, has been appointed Turkish Minister
to the United States in place of All Ferrouh
Bey, recalled.
CARDIFF. Wales, Aug. 20.— Owing to a
strike of some 200 employes of the TafTvale
Railroad, traffic on that line has been stopped
and there has been violence against volunteer
workers.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Yolo Preparing for th« Pair.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WOODLAND, Aug. 20.— The demand for
space for the exhibition of Yolo County
products at the district fair Is so great
that the directors have decided to build
an annex to the pavilion. The town Is
filling up with people and stock, and tno
success of the fair is now assured. Gov
ernor Gage and other State officials will
be entertained by the directors on Wed
nesday. October 29.
$25,000 for Flying Machinea.
Tho American Government Is to devote V.'^VA
to the purpose of experimenting with flying
machines to ascertain their practicability for
use In the army. This is a 4ante sain to us*
for an experiment, and yet it cannot compara
with that upent uselessly by those who experi
ment with various so-called dyspepsia cures.
TakV Hostetter's stomach Bitters and avoid
expense and uncertainty. It Is made expressly
to cure constipation, dyspepsia and ail ¦toaucb
Death of an Aged Druggist.
OAKLAND. Aug. 20,-A. Huntinjrton. 80
years of age. for many years a druggist
in this city, died to-day at the residences
r-t )>•« dnuchtf-r. Mrs. F. I. Springsteen, at
059 Thirtieth street.
OAKLAND, Aug. 20.— John Nlcholl. th<j
azed East Oakland capitalist, against
whom Miss Jane Hodge secured a Judg
ment of $50,000 for breach of promise, has
been granted by Judge Osrden twenty days
in which to submit additional authorities
in his motion for a new trlaL
11
Sun rises 5 .51)
Sun sets g-~
Moon rises 2:06 a. iri.
D TtmeJ Time Time) ITimH
£ i Ft. Ft. f Ft. ! Ft
"> L Wj H Wj ; L Wl |H W| .
21 ... 2:43|— O.S 9:«! 4.8 5:33! 2.9! 8 3SI 5 7
22 ... 3:311—0.3 10-25! 4.9 3:251 2.7! >TOI 57
23 ... 4:121-0.2 lt:00| 5.0 4:12 2.4t M:19t 55
24 ... 4:45| 0.1 11:33 5.2 4:5il 2.1! UWI 5 4
25... 5:17! 0.4! 12:08t 5.3 5:r,l 1.8; 1147 bj
26... S:47| 0.81 12:^S| 5.3 8:14! 1.7!...!.. .
!H wj jl wj n wj ;l w; "¦
27 ...[ 0:30| 4.8| 6:18 1.2 1:05 5.2| 9:54 1 S
Steamer. J From.
I Due.
Wellington 'Oyster Harbor
North i-'ork Humboldt
Coos Bay Newport ,.
'Washtenaw Taeoma „
Eureka Humboldt ,
Columbia Portland
Corona San Diego ,
Crescent City .. Crescent City
Tanis Hamburg
Pomona I Seattle ,
Mariposa (Sydney
Point Arena IPolnt Arena
Bonita (Newport
City of Puebla. [Victoria
San Mateo iNanalmo .......
Curacao (Mexico
Santa Rosa 'San Diego
Areata jCoos Bay
-I
..jAus. n
•Aug. 21
uUncQ
• I Aug. B
..Aug. 23
..Aug. 23
.. Aug. 2j
.. Aug. 23
.. Aug. n
. . Auk. 24
.. Auk- 24
.. Aug. 24
. Aug. 23
,. Aus. 25
.. Aug. 2*
. AUJC 47
.\Ang.y
-Uug. 28
Steamer. I Destination. I SalU. | Pier.
Empire |Coos Bay Aug. 21, 10 am[P!«r 1J
CSsellc China AJapan Aug. 23, lpm'PMS3
Slate Cal.. Portland Aug. 21. 11 am Pier 2«
Santa Rosa San Dleso Aug. 21. 11 am Pier 11
rcmona ...|Hnmbot<lt Aus. 21. 2 pm I Pier 9
Australia .JHonoIura An^.2, 2 pmjPler T
Coos Bay.. 'Newport Aug. 23. SamlPl^rU
Barracouta'Cen. America. A us. 23, 12m|PMSS
Eureka (Humboldt Aug. 23. 10 am Pier 11
Arcata ICoos Bay Aug. 23. 12 m|Pl«r 13
Umatllla ..Victoria Aug. 24. 11 am! Pier »
North Fork! Hum told t 1 A up. 24. 12m!i > ler 2
Ciarlna ....[Seattle !Au«r. 24. 11 ami Pier 11
Corona |San Dleco IAb?. 25. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .|Portlan<l )Au(r..2«. 11 am! Pier 24
Pt. Ar»na..|Point Arena. .lAuit. 27. 3 pm I Pier 3
Bonita [Newport... .,..fAu*. 27. SamjPIerllTHE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. AUGUST 21, 1900.
12
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BCEX2CES3 OFFICT3 of The Fan Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every r.lght In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— CT Montgomery ttreet,
comer Clay; open until 6:30 p. tn.
200 Hcj-os street; open until 3:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister Btivet: cpen until 9:30 p. m. ¦
fir. Larkin street; oi>pn until S:30 p. n'_
3:<41 Mission elreet: open until 10 d. m.
12^1 Market etrert, corner Sixteenth; open
tir.tll S p. m.
1?6 Eleventh Ftreet ; open until 9 p. m.
1??6 Vr.'.tncia Ftreet; open until 9 p. m.
Nnrcbwest corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky t=trm«: cren until >.p. m. - ; -: : ?
SIKETIXG .\OTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. I, R. A. M.. ¦
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- ffk
ING. August 21. at 7:^ "o'clock. Stated jC_3C
meeting aid M. M. l>eeroe. Hy ordfr<v 1
of the H. P. FBAXEUN II. DAY. Sec. |
PACIFIC Lodge !Co. 13".. F. and A. M.. * |
121 Eddy et., meets THIS (TUESDAY) JL
KVEXIXU. 7;30 o'clock. Se-eonU IJe-lS2f
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary-
OSIENTAL LcIrp No. 144. F. and A. a
M— Third 1 w-p-rve THIS (TUHSDAYj
EVEXIXO at 7:Sf" o'clock. jC2C !
A. S. HUmJAIU}. Secretary. #^r j
HERMANN Lodp* No. 145, I. O. j
<>. F.. meets THIS (TUESDA Y)
EVENING at * o'clock «<ha.rp. := ?Ssi>*^" '
Initiation. M. R. JACER. Sec. •"?»**>¦ j
ALTA I^tuge No. :i>5. I. O. O. F.- I
Officers and mr-mber*: You are -^"SCS^ I
hereby notified to assemble at our I
Iodjreroom. I. O. O. F. builaing. *7 S ** W
cr. WEPNESDAY. August ::, et 1 p. m.. for ;
the purposo of attending; the funeral of cur '
Ute brother. CHAS. KROPP.
CHAS. O. PARAPIS. Itec. Sec.
ITANHOE Lodge No. 5. K. of P.— The »
officers end members of the above )\p j
r.amed lodce are hereby notified t0^ l > > 'V*> '
assemble a.1 the DP.rlors of C. J. B. XfcS^i^J i
Metzler & Co.. 636 Washington street. TUES-
DAY. Aug. SI. I$<>. at liU p. m. sharp, for the
pnipoM of atter.dlr.s the funeral of our late
brother, THOMAS COLLINS. Knights and ¦
friends of de.?eas<-d Ere invited.
O. XOliCROSS. K. cf R. and S.
TO all rlssterers having affiliated with the
Plasterers' International Association. Golden
Gate Lodce No. 66 v.-i!l open its charter for
SO day* at regular Initiation fee. All are in-
\-ited tn J---!n. R. DOWNING. Pres.
A. FA LIC, Secretary.
THE Thirty-sixth Assembly District Repub-
lican Club meets TUHSDAY. Aurust 21. at
* p. m.. Twenty-eiKhth and C-hurch ste.
F. FRENCH. Chairman.
V.\ COPELAND, Secretary.
FTOTKHOLDERS' meeting— The California
Prydock Company. —Notice is hereby given J
that a meetlr.s of the utockholders of the. The i
California 1'rydork Company will be held at j
The office of eaid company. No. SCI California j
f.rr-*t. San Francisco. California, on THURS-v
DAY, AucuFt 3C. 1?W. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m of that day. for the purpoe* of deter-
m!nlnK whether paid corporation shall be dis- j
porved. ar.J of voting upon a proposition i 0 i
<!lf=p<ilve the corrorati^n. and for the trans- !
s<*?i< i n o? pucb otrjor rjuFineps sw may come 1
before ihe meeting. By order of the hoard of i
flirector*. W. F. RUSSELL, |
Seore'sry The California Prydock Company, j
annual meeting of the stockholders of th« |
J'scirl" l'nd<rifkfiT will be held at No. 777 j
Mlecton Ft.. .<an Francisco. Cal., THURS- I
PAY. Aupust 23. 1M0. at 8 o'clock p. m.. for
tfc» election of directcrs for the ensulr.R term j
end also to consider an amendment to the i
I'i-law-s r»><3Jcir.p the number of directors
5rr:r. S< to 7, and the transaction of such cth?r I
Kii»rn**« b.9 may come before the meeting, j
Transfer bocks will close Monday, August
St, UOCL at 4 o'clock j, m. By order of ths
1 ..-'. of directors.
M. C. COKKAM. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, ic race*, orr.t to any audress In the
Unlte'I States or Canada one year for tl.
iwMCT r.nM.
AGEN'TS WANTED.
flTOr CAN be made during campaign season
Felling our caTi:jaigm ties: greatest sellers |
ever introduced; territory (roin«r; write Imme-
diately: full I'.ne white and fancy rubber col-
lar*: enclose ttarrp. Dept. C. M. & M. life.
Co.. SrrircSe'.d. Mass.
AGENTS of ability and experience In life lnsur-
Rrc. Call at room 101. S5T Market ccr. Sixth.
\VR handle newert novelties for agents. PA- I
<~IF1C AfiKVTP' ST'PPLT CO-. 5461 Hth tt. j
ASTROLOGY. j
MMK. HICKET. aftrolcritt: get your horoeecpe
with full explanation of your future. 50c; card
rraflln< and ralmiMry. I3c. 1933 Mission Bt.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
APVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without succpfs; collections. G. W. I
HOWE, stty at law. £50 Market, cor. Stockton. |
ADVICE free; n. W. KING. 927 Market «t.. r. j
€!T7: all casvs and collections; money loaned. I
PBEE advice; divcrce law?, damases, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery. I
AT">VICE free; no charfre unless successful. W. I
W. DAVIDSON. SC7 Market et.. cpp. Mason. |
L. B. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S2T Mar- j
kct ft.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
OUFTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. 917 Market ;
Ft., r. r.;5: open eve.. 7->: consultation free, j
PATH CABIXETS.
ROBINSON S5. 4-panel folding; door opens; firm
nri safe. W. S. P.ROWN. pen. apt . C6 Ellis, j
| ¦ I
DSIXSIAK HAKES.
2W BELGIANS; cheap; youngsters; trios; does
with litters. S<*e them at 314 Golden Gate ave.
• niSIXKSS CHANCES.
A^$1000rijAlcERYr"2~block^ south ~of Market
et. ; place estab. years: doing a good business:
&!1 store trade; rent Ho: lH to 2 barrels p«r
day. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny. '
A—CSat; CORNER ealoon in wholesale district; !
ostab. many years and doing a good business; ,
rent $>; a first-claes proposition. Call R. G.
V.n-Ki;. 26 1 * Kearny Et.
A— AGENT wanted for manufacturing busi-
ness; capital needed about $1000; no opposi-
tion on this coast; about 40 per cent profit;
manufacturer from Oregon here now to glv«
oor.tract» for E years. Call R. G. WILKE.
2€ ! u Kearny et.
A— f7.V>; CANI'Y Ftore and ice cream parlor In
Oakland: l*»autifully furnished and a No. 1
l>aviiig :•:.-:•. ¦¦»!>; rent t60; owner compelled
by ill health to retire. See It G. WILKE.
tti'j Kearny st.
A— <SM: COUNFR grocery and bar; one block
south of Market and Kifth sts. ; rent $45: a
pood ooriier; all cesh trade, mostly In bar.
Cai| R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny 6t.
A— *7SG; SALOON, with pool table: close co
Call bldg.: rent J€5; a. splendid location and
fcocd paying business. Call R. G. WILKE.
C6'j Keainy Bt.
A— «9M: RESTAURANT and chophouse on we
t<-r Sront: rent 115; bargain. R. G. WILKE,
26 L - K*-arny Bt.
A— tll:^'— OLD-ESTAB. restaurant; close to
Chronicle buildine; average receipts about
fC' per day: rent $73; a splendid offer: owner
will allow 5 days' trial. Call R. G. WILKIi.
2C'*» Kfarny ft. • : v
A— *2.V: LAUNDRY route, leading laundry.
clearing 1>M a month: fine wagon; intending
buyer* can verify statements; this Is bargain
for. some one. STENBERG CO., 635 Market.
EXCKLLKNT opportunitj- to buy a bona fid»
buMness in the heart of city; old-establlshej
and iarrre profits; book* open for Inspection;
owner retiring; bargain. Lane & Co., S65 Mkt.
CORNER sreeery and bar for eale: location
one of the best in the city; bargain; estab-
lished 13 yearF: rent cheap. For particulars
call at room 437. fourth floor, rarrott build-
ln™, San Francisco.
EAI-iOON and cafe, centrally located; great op-
jortur.lty for live man; must be seen tn be !
appreciated. Address box 13SL Call office. i
jaxC-GOOn paying meat market in the Mission; |
**ia»j!:vhed I. years; must be sold at once.
Box lfc-S, Call.
WANTED— Laundry route: city or Oakland-
ist&te lirlce; no agents. Uox 1GC0. Call offico.
OYSTER and chop houfe for tale cheap on ac-
count of sickness. Inquire at 6 Eighth st.
VAI-fABLE money-malting invention; H share
(1008. Room Z.8. Windsor Hotel. Market bL !
$45— STAMP photo outfit. Call £20 Elizabeth j
rtrect. ¦
BRAJCCH bakery, candles, delicatessen; estab- j
Jfrbed f> years; ttfilendid trade; trial given. 27G0
M:f>-icn tt.
WANTED j
Two to three thousand dollars to Invest In the
rrranulacturing and sale of three of the very
b»>rt money-making devices In the United
Ftatfs: a fcrtur.e to the right party of either
M:x: none but principals need tEfww; thor-
ough investigation solicited. Address box ICZi.
Cail office.
K.'fO— GROCERY store for eale: located In best
part of town: an established wholesale an<l
re:all r-*de fcr over 20 years; strict Invcstl-
»rat;r-n drrircd; good lease: cheap rent; any-
one looking for a paying business can km a
l.arKaln; must fie sold on account of sickness.
l'nrticularf 1 . box 1375. Call office.
AN exceptional rppirtunity is offered to secure
an Interest In paying, legitimate busings,
where cervices ot capable, energetic man are
r*-<;uir«xl: investigation and references, Box
JW.1, Call office.
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk depot, etc ; fine
locatirr. ; place is entirely covered: contains 3
Ft^lls*. rw.« <inly Us; water free. Inquire W1L
HKNDRXCKSON & CO.. 61* Call building.:.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
5400— SHOE store; near city: making and re-
pairlng. MCLAUGHLIN &. CO., 777'^ Market.
$450— BUTCHER shop; near city: paying busi-
ness: sickness cause of sale. McLALUHLIN
tk CO.. irrVi Market Bt.
J1100— TRIAL riven: Faioon near Market st ;
bargain: golsig East cause of sale. Me*
_LAUGKLIN & CO.. 777'i Market Et.
$S0<>— PARTNER wanted: barber business and
billiard parlors; prosperous country town.
1 Mclaughlin & co.. 777H_Market st.
WANTED— Stationery, notions or delicacy and
dairy produce stor»; no aj?entB. Box 1956. Call.
HARDWARE store7~tWin:ng, plumbing shop;
good business. I. J. TP.UMAN. Columbia Bk.
CURLED hair factory, cne-half Interest: must
be sold. Box 3642, Call office^
LADIES— A rood paying business for Bale
cheap. Box 1C47, Call office.
rOR~6aT<^Re7tIurant ; 1024 Hyde St.. across
from €*s\ rlious*^ * v^ny cries p.
BAUBF.R shop and living room for sale. 114
Fourth st.
BUTCHER business; pood trade; elegant fix-
tures; bargain. 17 Lap'.dge st.. oft ISth.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been esta4jlj?hed at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
HOUSES^FROmTVtO Z30 ROOMS.
Prices from $15» to $10,0.10.
I'M rooms; rent $50 $13°°
'Brooms; fine corner; clears $200 1700
M-room houso; clears $.W 1700
16 rooms; fine corner: clears $100 li"»»>
12 rooms: on Post st. ; half jiayments 5.V)
40-room house on Powell ft 2>00
10 rooms; new; elegant furniture 550
21 roomr; clears $1SO 12M
16-room boarding house; full 13»0
g-room fiat: downtown 400
DECKER. 1030 Market St., phone Mint 790.
LIST YOUR HOUSES WITH ME. I HAVE
BITTERS WAITING WITH CASH. DECK-
ER. 1020 Market st.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house: $300 down, balance easy.. 500
20- room house; flrst-class 10C0
30-room house: all newly furnished 3100
11-room hcuse. J47S. 6-room fiat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
HOUPES from 10 to ISO rooms; good legations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money leaned; to buy or bMI your lodging
house or furniture and secure satisfaction
write or call SCHWEINHARD & CO., 917
Market st.. above Fifth: tel. Mint 1911.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant; north of Market:
will exchange for lots or lodging-house; will
pny cash difference
6-room furnished flat: exchange for larger
house. EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy Bt.
A— 16 ROOMS; full; hskpg. ; clears $46 $700
f3 rooms; A No. 1; fine 340O
f.3 rooms; rent $160; clears $150 2<m
40 rooms; finest in this city 6500
ST rooms: elegant and profitable 4500
List of 214 houses. Tel. black 1S03.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. r. 1.
FOR sale— Account of Firkness; 9-room house,
newly furnished; 5 steady roomers: pays rent:
homelike; no reasonable ofTer refused. 1212
Howard st. : no agents.
CAURIAGKS AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of •wagrens. buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wacon. single, also 11/ht
camping wagon, for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW Sz 2<3-han<J ¦wagons, buggies, carts & har-
neyy. work & driving horses. 1Mb &• Valencia.
CAMPAIGN' PHOTO MUTTONS.
MF'T of nil kinds cf photo buttons and jewelry;
wholesale ar.4 retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
CARrET HEATIXO AM> CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to RPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lrur Works. So3-3C7 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
458 Stevenson Et.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. *40 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission "4.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 344.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 291. GEO WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 116.
COTTAGES TO LET.
JU— COMFORTABLE eunny cottage. 6 rooms;
j-ard. Railroad ave.. off Dolores St.; key at
:*i7S Seventeenth st.
SUNNY cottage, 212 ! ,4 Perry et. ; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs of life;
lawsuits, divorces, deaths: unites the separat-
ed: mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed.. Fri.
eve's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
f>13 Eddy. b<?t. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
A GRAND Frlritual test meeting will be given
at 117 Larkin this eve at 8 o'clock by Dr.
Crage. Professor Gee and others. All invited.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night; convincing test;
8 p m. MRS. MAXWELL, 1238 Howard.
Readings daily.
GO to WATSON, spiritual medium and palmist;
lucky and true: 23c, EOc. 15S1 Market nr. 12th.
MME. YOUNG. €05 McAllister— Convincing
demonstration of spirit return to-night. 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night: arti-
cles read; 10c; L. sittings 50c; G. $1. 14S 6th.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, S
p. m. 14 McAllister St.. rm. 35; admission 10c.
MRP. LESTER, circle this evening. 8 o'clock;
10c; Fitting* daily, &0c. 127 Turk st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, elt. dally: convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, lift reader: sittings $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life readings; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm. & clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 5 p. tn.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium and
healer: satisfaction guaranteed. 132 6th. r. 1.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 2ic. 14S Sixth st., room 14.
MRS. RENNER. 128 Fern ave., bet. Sutter and
Iiuith. nr. Polk: planet reader; larlies only 23c.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palmist
and enrd reader; 23c. 7 Seventh St.; no sign.
A GYPPY. genuine clairvoyant, located 10 days
941 MlFKion; ladles. 2Jc: gents. 50c; Frawley.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmfrtry; truth or no pay; Ijc. 1149 Mission.
MME. fiCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader,
sittings dally. 212',4 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 23c ui>. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture: 23c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICE?.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S ApenoyTxo chargTun^
l*?s successful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
DEXT ( ISTS.
AT the ELECTKoTdEXTaITcliNIC. S03 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 8
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with seme of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown, and bridge work; all
work warranted; plates, full set, $5; fillings.
EOc; crown. $3 50. Cnicago Dental Parlors, 2»Cth.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless mtthod; 20 years' ex-
X>erlence; no students: advice free; prices
rheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. gO O'Farrell Bt.
TEETH extracted free; plates. «.; crowns. $3 SO;
bridgework, $5: all the latest, methods for
rainless dentistry: hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
¦Modern Dental Parlcrs. 1206 Market, cor.G.G.
DH. LUDLUM HILL. 144J Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $s per net; extracting. We; gas given.
DR. ALUF.RT n£LU~KO~i*arket. cor. slockton.
for a perfect eet of teeth and teeth without
plates: lowest prices for best work.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full x-t of teeth, ti: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. lfiQl Market St.. corner Sixth.
E v'ou^G. t< rs t 4?p^ k h 8 r pUte - DR - tt °
j DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore —
Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West C38.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure and worm pills
bydrugglt-ts or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DHKSSMAlvERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and' Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Drersmaklng. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ne«s.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all, kinds pleat-
ing, pinklns. 121 Post, over O'ConnorAMoftatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary st; dresses
made. $5 up: dresses made over: perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
It) new typewriters; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and clauses taueht by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE, Lyceum Theater School of Acting,
Sio-312 O'Farrell st.
j BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; if you want to
I learn in a limited time take private lessons
I from an oxr.erlonced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 53. Thurlow block, 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons: 8
mos. in oolleKP net equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARK. expert accnt.. 423 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, moch. Fur-
; vey.fc.saay. cyanide, nrch.: day, eve.; es»t. 1S64.
i VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
S TEACHERS having half a day. will sssist
; backward pup!!« In exchange for board; Oak-
, lar.d or Alameda preferred. Box 1953, Call.
! ALL students but two taking full course this
! year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
i NESS COLLEGE. 123G Market st.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. ; founded 1863; 80-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin—
All branches: thorough; positions secured.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Lelpsle: lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.' domestic serv. il7 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
' beat help furn. ; tel. John 2121. S06& Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
: Beft heln. 4UH O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
i A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
| tlon; also German second glri, best of refer-
I ence. MISS CULLEX. 325 Suiter st.
I A GERMAN girl wishes situation as nurse: can
| take full charge. Apply MRS. NORTON. 313
j Sutter et.
I A DANISH woman wishes a place for house-
i work: must sleep home; also a Swedish sec-
i ond girl with good references. MRS. NOR-
I TON, 313 Sutter Et. -
I A SWEDISH girl wishes situation as laundress,
institution or private family. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter St.
AMERICAN woman, first-class all-around
cook; u«ed to cooking for clubs and camps;
understands her business thoroughly; wages
$30 a month. Cook, 125 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS all-round cook and good house-
keeper wants position. Call or address MRS.
ELLIS, 125 Turk st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants position to do
housework; plain washing; Is good cook. 20
Eleventh st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to do general
housework. Address 4330 Seventeenth St.
WOMAN wishes situation to do washing and
housework by the day. 2613 Post st.
YOUNG lady with a child wishes position as
housekeeper; city or country. Address 1045
Market st.
YOUNG girl would like to do upstairs work
and waiting in private family; $1S to $20. 1035
! Shotwell st.. near Twenty-fifth.
i EXPERIENCED girl wishes housework in nice
j family; good plain cook; good worker; wages
i $25. Box 1665. Call office.
j GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework In American family; wages $20.
Call at 419B Xatoma st.
A WOMAN withes to do work by day. 737H
! Howard et., room 19.
RESPECTABLE lady of middle age, good cook,
kind to children, wishes position as house-
keeper: city or country. Call 6S-76 Ellis St.,
room 89. 1 to 4.
GOOD respectable woman (American) need3
work very badly; can do any kind; good
housecleaner; would go by day. 242% Minna
St., downstairs, not In rear.
INTELLIGENT, middle-aged woman wishes
situation as housekeeper or position of trust;
wages not so much an object as good home.
Box 1652. Call offlce.
j YOUNG woman wishes place for housework
i and cooking; is fond of children. Call at 307
Third st.. near Foisom. >
YOUNG lady for general housework; city or
country; no objection to children; no postals.
Address 2249, Lombard st
YOUNG German girl wants position to do up-
etalrs work and waiting; experienced wait-
ress. Call 219 Clinton Park, near Guerrero st.
I RELIABLE girl wishes place for general
j housework in private family; best of city rer-
I erences. Apply 702 O'Farrell St. for 2 days.
j SITUATION for general housework. 416 Third
ave., Richmond.
AN intelligent lady would like position as a
nurse for invalids or nervous patients; best
of references. Address MISS C. M.. D25
Market st.
BY young lady, position as companion to
elderly lady; good mender, writer, reader,
etc.; best of references from former em-
ployers. Box 1942. Call offlce.
MASSACHUSETTS lady would like upstairs
work in hotel t or light housework, private
family. Box 1962. Call offlce.
RELIABLE woman who Is a good cook and
i laundress would like work by the day; $1 10.
| MRS. MEYER, 611 Turk st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day; terms $1 50; also children's
sewing. 152 Tenth st.
DRESSMAKER, one who understands both
tailor and fancy suits, wants a few engage-
ments by the day. 929 Pine st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 SO to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postnpe riakl. -
EMPLOYMENT -WANTED — MALE.
MILLWRIGHT and . carpenter and all around
mechanic wants work In city or country;
flrst-claFs references. Please address box 1653
Call offlce ;
ENGINEER and machinist, young and practi-
cal, wants work around machinery or run
engine; first-class references. Box 1654, Call.
WANT.ED— Charge of poultry plant; any ar-
rangements. Address box 1661, Call offlce.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address H. KIEHL, 134 Fourth St.,
New Golden Gate Hotel. " ¦
BOY, 16 years old, wishes position in a drug-
store; liven with his parents. Apply 1222
Stelner st.. cor. Eddy.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper seeks a position
In city or country; Al references and bond;
willing to work In other capacities when re-
quired. Address box 1635, Call office.
STEADY, reliable young man. understand* tho
care of horses, desires a position as coachman
or gardener: city or country; references. C.
R. C. box 4«11. Call office.
NIGHT watchman with best references would
like a posltton. Address C. HARTMANN, 127
Turk st. :-""•>
YOUNG man, single, with best of city refer-
ences gardener, also other references, desires
I>lece. Address box . 1957, . Call. '
YOUNG man of 30 would like position In gro-
cery; speaks Spanish and Portuguese. Address
H. C, 676 Twenty-seventh St., Oakland, .Cal;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The* Weekly Call.
_ X 18 pages, la wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. MnnaFse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL. _
IF vou have 8tocks~~or bonds of any kind for
rale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
IJERWRITIKG CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LKT. '
A— 10 TO 30 days free; flats and houses.
1G94 Page; F., •» r....$20 1990 Ellis: F.. 6 r....$18
1328B Hayes: F., 6 r. 3) 58 Tremont av.: c. 6r 20
1131 Geary; F.. 7 r... 50 1C?O G. G. av. ; h. S r 30
123T LeavVth; F. 8 r 33 MS McAllister; h. 7 r. 3H
Houses wanted. A. M. SPBCK & CO., 667
Market &t. •£_"
BAY-WINDOW flats of four rooms; rent $11.
!Sf4-6 Stevenson St.. near Thirteenth.
BItANN'AN. 422— Two choice fiats of 3 and 4
rooms; rent cheap; water free.
FINE flat. 7 rooms ar"l bath: modern Improve-
ments. C25 Golden Gate ave.
FLAT of 0 rooms and bath. Corner of Seven-
__te«?nth_jind Colllngwood sts. __ ¦
FLAT of 10~rooms to~ let. 1207 Mission sL.
near Eighth. *
IF you want to move get printed list flats tolet
from BALDWIN & HOWEFX. 10 Montgomery.
NICE cozy 6-room modern corner flat; rent
<30. Jackson and Larkin sts.
SUNNY corner bay-window fiat. 7 rooms, bath,
stable: house of 5 rooms, basement, \-ard;
cheap. 1376 Fifteenth st.. near Dolores.
$8— IjOWF.R flflt of 5 sunny rooms. 377 Sanchea
st. near Seventeenth.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $J8 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer — L.Vincent. 1305 Larkin ;tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought, spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silverstein. 1121 Market; tel. Foisom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission et., pays
highest prico for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel Red 3353.
HEL1* WASTED-FEMALE.
TEN chambermaids and waitresses, city and
country, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
COOK and second girl, city, $25 and $20, same
house; flrst-class German cook, $35; *cook.
mining camp. $30, fare here; working house-
keeper. $15. fare here; plain laundress, city,"
$20: first-class laundress, private family, $30:
housework, Eureka, $25: Santa Rosa, $25;
Martinez. $25; San Mateo. $25; second girl.
Berkeley, $20; 4 second girls, city. $23 and
$20; woman with a child, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter Et.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses, first-class commercial hotels.
$20 and $25; 4 waitresses, city. $20; 3 chamber-
maids to wait, $20; woman cook for 20 per-
sons at mining town, $30, free fare; plain
Iaundres3, country hotel, fare here
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. . „
Woman with a child, $20, see party here this
morning; house girls, Alameda Co., Berkeley,
Concord, $20 and $23; second girl, Grass Val-
ley, $20; San Rafael. $20; nurse girl, Tehama
Co.. $20, see party here: 50 house girls, city
and country- C. R. HANSEN & CO., 1U4
Geary at.
2 GIRLS, same house, city; good home; one as
nurse girl, $10, and house girl. $15, $20; see
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10*
Geary st.
EXPERIENCED cream dipper for large retail
candy store; no oliice fee; see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Hotel cook, $30; restaurant cook,
$35 and $9 a week; 2 cooks, no wash, $3.1;
Protestant second girl. $25; 4 second girls,
$20; 10 hotel waitresses. $20, city and short
distance; 8 chambermaids and waitresses, $20,
city and country; woman to do cleaning, in-
stitution, $25; 125 house girls for country and
city. J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter st.
A COOK, $35; two second girls. $25 each; nurse,
$20; housegirl, two In family. $20; waitress,
$20; laundress, $30; cook, $30; middle-aged
¦woman, light housework, $20: 50 houseglrls,
$30-$25. ctiy and country. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
WANTED— Young girls to sew on bu;tons.
NEWBAUER BROS., IS First st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands wanted. I. VIS-
HOOT, 40 Ellis Bt., rooms 33, 34 and 35.
WANTED— A flrst-class German cook, with
city references. Call 1G10 Franklin St.. be-
tween 9 and 11a.m..
APPRENTICES In millinery store at 632 Mc-
AIHster st.
GIRL, good-looking, blonde, age 17 or IS, about
110 pounds; salary $12 per week. Apply MOO-
SER, Fischer's Concert House, between 10
and 12 a. ,m.
WANTED — An operator on coats; good pay;
steady work. Hoi 1B58. Call.
WANTED— Protestant girl to assist In light
housework; good home; wages moderate. 728
Guerrero et., near Twentieth.
NEAT girl to do light housework; 3 in family;
$10 a month. Call 544 Minna Et.
WANTED— A young girl to do housework In
small family. 273 Church Bt., near Market. ;
Caetro-st. cars.
WANTED— Neat girl for housework. J542 Mc-
Alllster Bt.
A WOMAN to coqk and housework In the coun-
try. Call between 9 and 11 at 15\i Turk 8t.
WANTED— Four experienced waitresses for
restaurant; good wages. 175 Fourth st.
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
NEAT sewer for corset making. MME. WAL-
TER, 503 Powell at.
AN elderly lady wanted to assist with house-
work In umall family; good home; email
wages. 1229 Vallejo st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general house-
work; nice home; wages reasonable. 2322
Fillmore st. {
WANTED — Experienced waist hands; only
first class need apply. 1264 O'Farrell st.
A WOMAN to. do general housework: must be
first-class cook; wages $25 to $30. 25C2 Broad-
way.
A YOUNG girl to assist In care of baby and
do light upstairs work. 2502 Broadway.
STRONG competent girl that understands Ger-
man cooking and housework. 317 Larkin st.
GIRL, second work, plain sewing and wait-
ing; references required. 1725 Pine et.
GIRL to assist with housework; sleep home-
wages $12. 1007 Sutter Bt.
GIRL for light housework; good home; wages
$10. 138 Russ st.
WANTED— Waltreses. BREUSS CAFE. 70
Third st.
A GIRL to do or assist In general housework.
762 Church gt.. near Twentieth.
WANTED— Girl or woman to help In kitchen
44S Third 6t.
WANTED— Girl for candy store. Apply 223
Sixth Bt.
WANTED— An experienced waitress. 123 Eddy
.street. U. S. Hotel.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
canning and preparing; highest wages paid-
steady work; prizes for quick work. Apply
immediately to U. 8. FRUIT PACKING CO.
Harrison ave., between Seventh and Eighth
sts., off Foisom.
300 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Krult Canners' Associa-
tion, Cutting's branch, Seventh and Berry.
WOMEN- and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages.. Apply
Callfornlan Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan St.,
between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
highest wages paid at CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant streets.
_ ¦ ""' . ' \
OPERATORS wanted on shirts; young girls
taught: steady work; best pay. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO., 19 Battery st.
APPRENTICES on ¦ overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, -cor. Gough and Grove sts.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear: steam
power; constant work. G. W. REYNOLDS.
597 Mission: St.." corner Second. ¦
4 WAITRESSES wanted. 1007 Market et.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — At once. \ girls for dressmaking:
also light housework. 7E2 Van Ness ave.
.WANTED— A girl for light hausework; two In
family. 2132 Mission st.
GIRL light housework; family of 3. Call after
9 a. m.. 1514 Vallejo st. .
FIRST-CLASS maker for millinery: must be
good saleslady: steady position. 130 Sixth st.
GIRL wanted with good experience at tailor-
lnr: steady work. 1175A Market St.
| TAILORESS on coats: good wages and steady
I Job. 251 Eighth St., Oakland. '
I WANTED— Experienced girls on paper boxes;
good wages; steady employment. For full par-
ticulars apply to R. W. PRIDHAM. Los An-
geles, Cal.
WOOLEN mill help wanted— Boss finisher and
weavers on blankets; highest wages paid on
the coast; correspondence confidential. Apply
J. W. COLLINS. 7 and 3 Battery st.. city.
WANTED— Girl or middle-aged woman to as-
Blst In light housework. 676 Bryant st.
I GIHL for general housework and cooking;
| small family; 9 to 12. 1810 Laguna st~ •
j'DANlSH or Gfrjnan elrl wanted for house-
work; Bmall family. Call .3619 Nineteenth st.
G1KLS to rivet overalls; also sewing machine
operator*, at Levi Strauss & Oo.'s factory.
32'.4 Fremont st.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Lady solicitors, city and Interior:
big money for active workers. Room 350. Phe-
Ian building. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED-By a reliable firm, an active, con-
sclentlous woman as commercial traveler.
Box 1031. Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewinjt machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAIIM. ..WEIL & MICHELS. 531' Mission st.
A YOUNG girl to assist in upstairs work; Ger-
man preferred. 101S Sutter St.
STRONG eirl for laundry: Seventeenth and
Foisom st3. St. Nicholas Laundry.
WANTED — Competent woman to assist in light
housework. 813 Bryant st. -
WANTED— First-class dressmakers. 609 Halght
street.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker and finishers
on vests. 40 Ellis st., rooms 41-42.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats; !
steady work: good wages. 461 Jessie st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1*31 Foisom st.. between 13th and 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
rood ray. 27 Jessie St.. fifth floor. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.. ..PHONE MAIN 5S4S
| ...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
j Want 7 a. m. to-day
WE SHIP FREE
I Men fcr all part3 of California, Utah, Wash-
j ington. Arizona. Oregon, Colorado, Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and office fee only $1
Ppeci.il to-day to the following district?:
DUNSMUIR REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO MENDOTA
L"B Anceles....ard... .Santa Barbara dirtrlct"
i Reno (Nev.) and Truckee districts
j Cicws Landing and Newman district?
¦ Kan Luis and Surf districts
; Bakersfk-ld and Madera districts
1 Salt Lake City Soda Springs
j and other points good wajw
, WE SHIP FREE come one, come all
It only costs |1 fee and no other expenses
I come see
I JUURRAY & READY, 63i-636 Clay st.
| A— WHEELWRIGHTS CARPENTERS
i Carpenters, mining company.... |3 to $3 50 day
23 carpenters for different places, house build-
| Ing. mines, ranches, etc.; also rough carpen-
I ters. waBCS from J2 50 day to JG7 £0 and found
I 6 carpenters, company work free fare
! Wheelwright, country shop $3 day
j 15 blacksmiths and horseshoers, for Bhops.
. ranches', etc $40, 150 and found, $3 day
Timberman, mininjr company
! Timberman on bridge work 11 day
i Coopers bridge builders woodworkers
LOOK HERE FOR HANDY MEN!
Any men handy with hatchet 'will suit this
Job; 25 men to build flume, J30. $35. $40 and
found: lorg Job
FRUITPICKERS FRUITPICKERS
10 men rather prunes Santa Clara Co. $1 50
to $175 day
150 men and boys to pick all kinds of fruits,
gather almonds, etc., $25 and $30 and found
WE PAY YOUR FARE
And ship to the sawmills and woods 238 la-
borers for 23 different sawmills. $26 to $40 and
found, anybody will suit: 95 woodsmen, mill-
men: also all kinds of planing mill help, $95.
$S0, $65, $70. $60. $10. $30. $30 and found
.354 woodchoppers, tiemakers, etc., $3. $2 50. $2.
$1 and 75c cord, tools nnd food found
! 125 farm hands $i-.. $30. $28 and found
I 36 milkers and buttermakers....J30. $25 found
Cheesemakers ...$£" and found
! 24 stablemen, etc.... $23. $.',0. $E0. $40, $30 found
j 16 hay bslers. $3 day: also hat-vent cr*ws
j In San Francisco: all parts of California.
j 364 laborers and teamsters. $2 RO, $2, $1 75 day;
some board yourself home; boys for stores,
factories, etc., city Jobs, cabinetmaker!",
woodworkers, carrlagemakers, bridge build-
ers, etc.: come see
Screw turner, sawmill company, ree bo^s here
Edgerman, tallyman, sawmill company
2r. woodmen. Santa Cruz County. $32 50 snd fd
Sticker hand. $3 50 day Planer, $3 a day
Matcher. $3 a day. ...Machine man. $3 p dav
Farmer and wife $35 and found
ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS... .
..NOT ADVERTISED COME PEE.
Farmer and wife, $40 to $45 and found, see
boss here. MURRAY * READY. W4-S36 Clay
A-SPECIAL
10 laborer's for manufaeurlng company, near
i city. \2 40 dav. any laboring men will suit....
Cook and wife for tb« mtnes
Married furnaceman for the mines $63
Book-keeper, itenographer nnd typewriter,
country: boys cr young men to drive delivery
wagons. MURRAY Jfc READY. G34-R36 Clay.
TO the gold sliver and other mines
150 single hand and machine miners and Bur-
lelgh drillers $90. $73 and $C0 and found
ST.0 laborers for the mines In all nnrts of Cali-
fornia: 8nybody will suit. $10 to f«O and found:
Tunnelmen Drillers Hammersmer.
Teamsters and laborers, different city and
country places. »1 73 to »3 50 day. MURRAY
* READY. 634-f>3fi Clay st.
I A— HOTEL .. RESTAURANT. .LAUNDRY Help
32 cooks, city nnd country. $?5 to »'fl »M '<*n«a
Porter and runner $25 and found
nlFo short order nnd night cooks
j Second nnd third cccks for mines
I $33 and $40 nnd found
t Wnlters fo- the mines, $30 and found: IS
wniters, city and country. $25 nnd $3rt «nd M
Hakers and hrlper*. $40. $35 and $30 and found
Wcshers, starchers ond Ironers for laundries
Butchers pan'T men handy
men for Institution, etc.: !unch man for cafe.
$".n and beard. MURRAY & READY. 634-6r.fi
Clay st.
A— C. R. HANSF\ T A- CO 104 Grary st.
200 teamsters. Nevada $2 a day
100 toanirters. Bakersfleld $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
20 tunnclm«"n for big tunnel. Chatsworth
Park. Los Angeles County. $2 to $2 50 a day..
Ship dally........ Office fee $1 Free fare
10 railroad bridge riveters. 35 cents an hour:
RO wooflcho^oers, $1 25 a cord or $3o ana
board: 5 almond pickers, $1 day and board:
jilanermnn. *3ft; screw turner. iW; 5 ouartz
miners. *2 HO: 6 coal miners. $2 50; blacksmith,
$2 25 to $2 50 a day: farmers, milkers, stable-
men, ehoremen and others. »
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
I Ferond cook, restaurant. ?fi5; meat and pastry
i cook, country hotel. $55; hotel baker. $r.0; 2
j rako bakers. $35 and $40; pantrymen, porters.
I kitchen hands, vegetable men and others, %20
I to ??0.
! Wnlter. Nevada, $35; 6 waiters, .country
hotels. ?25 and *30. ,
Washer, handy laundry, $30; washer. • Insti-
tution, $30. ¦¦¦;—¦- ¦•¦-
C. R. HANSEN & CO I'M Geary st.
A— 10 COLORED waiters, hotel, north, $30 and
fare Advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary *t.
MAN and wife for Shasta County, man to
wcrk about store, etc.. $40; number of fruit
pickers. $1 day; milk wagon driver, $30 and
board: toam^tcrs and laborers . for city. J.
F. CROSETT Agency. R2S Sacramento st.
BLACKSMITH. ?2 50 day. no shoeing: 3 Bur-
lcig!i drill miners; band saw flier. S1C0 and
board: band sawyer, $1 day and $100 month
and found; edgrrman. J2 75 day: a number
of mill and woodsmen • at going wages: 20
railroad laborers, free fare; laborers for mill
and woods, fare advanced, and others. J. F,
CROSETT Agency. 62S Sacramento st.
A NUMBER of cooks, waiters, oyster men.
dishwashers and other hotel nnd restaurant
help. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacra-
mrnto Bt.
BARHEUS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
mont. H. Bernard. Pec.,. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— 10 teamsters and 15 laborers'to work
on waernn road and railroad being built by
California Powder Works at Pinole: wages
$2 per day. Apply E. M. CARR, Pinole.
WANTED— Flrst-class clothing and furnishing
goods salesman;, must understand buying and
have country experience; salary, $100 month.
Apply to REDLICK BROS.. 119 Bush St., 1
to 2 P. m.
WANTED— Bartender, young and active: good
beer drawer; wages $50; references. Box 1663.
Call office.
WANTED— Feeder on platen press. 109 Call-
fortila st.. room 21.
M 5 I>r t an<1 women -to lenrn barber trade. S. F.
Barber Coiiere. 741 A -Howard st. •
WANTED— An experienced retail tea, cofTee or
grocery salesman;., excellent position for a
man of character and ability. Box 1662, Call.
SOLICITORS wanted; $600 yearly guaranteed,
witrt commissions; standard Illustrated his-
tories of the great fraternal.-, religious and
political organizations. THE IIAZEN : CO..
New . w
HELP WASTED— MALE.
IRONER. country. *35 and found: cook, hotel.
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
BUTLER, club. $45; butler, country, »33. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
WANTED — Ba.ker. bread and cake; nice coun- '
try shop; short distance In the country; J49
to $45 and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st.
WANTED
Free fare I Free fare
For railroad company's own work, not for
contractors, for different parts of California,
Utah and Nevada. SI 75. U 90 and 12 a day;
also 10 laborers for rock crushers for rail-
road company. $1 90 a day and free fare. W.
1). EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
wanted :... ;..."..;
10 men. handy with saw and hammer for
winter's Job. $10 and board and half fare
paid; also 10 laborers for same place. S35 and
board and half far- pail. W. D. EWER A
CO.. 610 Clay st. ¦ :
WANTED ;..;
Blacksmith for mine. S3 7u a day; blacksmith's j
helper, |2 a day; crosscut sawyer, San Mateo
County, $35 and board: 10 tv.-o-horse teamsters.
city. »1 75 a day: 10 laborers, city. $1 75 a day;
2 milkers for city. $35 each: choreman. ?23;
man about place, 120; lunch counter man.
Ui; porter, kitchen. $25; 5 fanners, steady
piace, ?20. W. D. EWER & CO.. 810 Clay st.
TO' tailors" cutters — A flrst-class cutter re-
quired; permanent position. Apply betweeu
10 and U a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, the
London. Tailor. 721 Market at.
¦WANTED— Two tinners or sheetlron workers.
Apply 616 Battery st.
RESPECTABLE boy. Apply between 10 and
11 Tuesday, at BEAMISH'S. 209 Montgomery.
PANTS maker for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter »t. .frT2v : ?
AN experienced grocery and bar clerk: *tate
age, prelovuB experience, recommendations
and salary expected. Box 1657. Call offlce.
WANTED— Elevator man. '29 Stockton rt.
SHOEMAKERS on repairs : steady work. 663
Mission »t.. bet. First and Second sts.
BARBERS for city; wages 115 up. Apply Im-
mediately. H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
GOOD block butcher. *30 a month and found.
Apply 331S Mission St.
WAN'TEI>-At once, two flrst-clas« shoe sales-
men. Bee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market St.
GOOD barber: steady Job. 725 Fourth «t.. San
Rafael; telephone Red 15:
"WANTED— A carriage painter. 107 Jones st.
EXPERIENCED waiter, coffee house; good sal-
ary. 612 Kearny st.
AS bedmaker, day or night clerk. In good lodg-
ing house. Box 1667, Call offlce.
PORTER wanted for barber shop. 6 Market st.
WAITER wanted. » Eddy at.
WANTED— Dishwasher. New Golden Gate Ho-
tel. 134 Fourth it.
WAITER wanted. People's Restaurant, 831
Clar ot.
SMART young man as night cook at 1201 Fill-
more st., corner Turk. j
"WANTED — A man thoroughly familiar with j
local Insurance business for office ooMtion.
Address, giving experience, box 1668. Call.
GOOD steward wanted for restaurant; must
have reference. Box 16G3. Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted; must carry trays. 37
Eddy St. I
: — |
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 905 Kearny st.
WANTED— An old man to make beds In board-
Ing house. 222 Main st. j
WANTED — A ?oo1 kitchen helper: also a good |
waiter. 123 Eddy st.. U. S. Hotel. i
LARGE boy for Mission paper route. Address i
K. Mission Call branch. j
ERRAND boy: well recommended. ROGER- j
SON'S. 535 Valencia St.
BARBER wanted; steady; no Sunday work. 7G3
Mission st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Local Union 148 meets
to-night at 102 O'Farrell st. I. LESS, sec'y.
WANTED— Barber to buy 2-chalr shop; 3 living
rooms. 2144 Mission st.
CHINESE or Japanese boy; dishwashing;
chores; wages. |3. Pleasanton, 2632 Durant
avenue. Berkeley.
ERRAND boy wanted. 1513 Fillmore St.
GOOD young man for milk wagon. Apply 233
- Seventh st.
BARBERS? — Good paving. 3-chair shop: fln<» op-
portunity. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
_ ___ (
WANTED— A competent man to take charge
of department of ladles' underwear, hosiery,
sloves, «tc.
Only those with city experience need ap-
rl".
Address E.. box 19G6, Call offlce.
GRADUATE optician (Al refractlonlst). neat
appearance: elderly person rref erred; salary
tM week. Box 3261. Call offlce.
A— THIRD hand to assist In bread and cake:
day work. Modern Bakery. 344 Sixth st.
WANTED— 2 white bootblacks, $10 each per
week. 217 Montgomery st.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men t>etween ages of 21 and 35; cit-
izens of United States: of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English: recruits are specially de-
sired for service In Philippines. For Infor-
mation apply to Recruiting Officer. 121 New
Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years: not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens of the United States or per- i
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in- |
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St.. San Franclsco.Cal.. 530 K at..
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1058 J st.. Fresno. Cal.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c- 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBERS,— 2-chalr shop for sale. 1 Spear St.,
near Market^
JEWELERS— 32S Bush st.. thin! floor, room 4.
WANTED— ICO men, machine hands, bench
hands for planing mill work. Apply C. L.
INGLAR. President Mlllman's Association,
at Fourth and Washington st3.. Oakland, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and meihanlcs to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno Houst proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 ThWd St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: »I to K per week.
NEW goods: quick sales: salary or commis-
sion: city or country. The J. Dewing Co.,
Flood bulUlinr.
ALL ctzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. :¦>'¦" Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SMLORS. ordinary seamen and green handy;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
FIRST-CLASS clgarmakers. 328 Bush st.. third
floor, room 4.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
years' practice: Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar
k«>t; 700 rooms. 2.">c night: reading-room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to Kc night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1O5
Valeria st.
HOIt$K!». LIVE STOCK. VAv For Snlr
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Orand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth «t. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR sale — Little mare, gentle, for lady. $53:
8 years old: party leaving the city: to-day
only; must be sold to-day. £69 Geary st.
! 70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 7!1 Howard st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents— The Weekly Call,
76 nagpa. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 ner year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. H Montgomery.
•BROADWAY. 1912. nr. Octavla— 6 rooms, bath,
laundry: marine view; lent $20.
GROVE. 720 — 1 large sunny rooms: sunny sep-
arate yard: garden; bath; gas.
HOWARD. 1105— Uppor part of , hoose. 5 ntea
sunny rooms: hot and cold water: rent SIS 50.
HOWARD, 2507— House 10 rooms, bath and
I laundry: French range: large garden.
j |45 — FINE modern corner house, 8 rooms and
j bath. Devisadero And Haves sts.
1 HOUSES TO LKT KUKMSIIED.
COTTAGE 6 rms., nr. the Park; 111 De Long
. ave. Geo. W. H. Patterson & Co. 17C6 Market.
TO let— For. 1 or 2 years, a large, finely fur-
nished house near Pacific ave.: fine marin«
view; rent reasonable. Address box 1917, Call.
LOST AND FOU5D. <
LOST Saturday evening, on CFarrell or Mar-
ket sts., or at Oakland ferry, lady's gold
watch with amethyst fob. Return to MAS-
TICK, room 17. fifth floor, Mills bulldin*; t»
reward. ¦
LOST August 19 a small purse containing
money and irold locket; liberal reward It re-
turned to 1426 Mason st. .
LOST— Tlmebook and bunch of keys: you will
be rewaoJed for the same. Address box 1884.
Call office. _______^__
LOST-Black jrreyhound dosr. Finder please r^
turn to northeast corner 22d and Kentucky.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 123 Market st.-Rell-
able ladles' and genta' specialists: 33 years
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice: ladies treated can return home the same-
day: try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for homa cure: any one canuiw It by di-
rections; prefectly harmless: home, for confln»-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well known and reliable
ladles' specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
Hee. *5: positive cure: home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy st.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. O. XV. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; h*s prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully: treatment can b«
used at home: consultation fre«t. After all
others fall call on him. 1023H Market »t-
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles" specialists.
hare returned from Europe; safe and reliable:
cur* K: hav* treated thousands of cases with,
success: 15 years' practice In 8. K. ; maternity
home; low fees. lOOTVi Market St.. near Slxtn.
A STRICTLY private, secluded residence, away
from crowded thoroughfares and the public ¦>
gaze, for the treatment of women: confine- J
ment cases takqen. MRS. DR. FU.VKE. Ml* /*
Eighth st.. Alameda.
NO TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc. : ail diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento st.. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.*
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office. 13; any ailment; consultation free: con-
fldentlal. 942 Post at., twit. Hyd» and Lark:n.
DR. POPPER, ladies' physician: call on physi-
cian with man's knowledge; treatment can
be used at home. 313 Kearny st.
MRS. M. ALLEN'. 1033 Market — Ladles' sr>«ctal-
lst- home In confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free: hours 10 to 9.
DR- and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private horn*
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gata avc.
DR. WISE— The only genuine ladles' specialist.
Offlce HIS Market »t
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CITEAPFST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 15 raees. sent to any address In the.
United States or Canada ona year for 11. #
posta— » rn'il. .
[ MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, enclnes. Id-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSII & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont a:.
j BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
I linoleum, store and offlce furniture and flx-
| t-.jr»s: new and second-hand: we. always hav<»
a lance stock of saloon outfits nn hand; 32
complete outfits on our floor, ready made; w«
can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOONAN.
1C17. 1019. 1C21. 10C3 Mission St.. above Sixth:
» rite for catalogue.
i A SOLITAIRE diamond collar button: a benn-
| ty for %22. cost originally VZ. UNCLE HAR-
j RIS. 15 Grant ave.
FOR sale cheap— 1 large coal wagon. I delivery
wagon. 1 cirt. 1 double set harness. 1 single
jet. fcale. truck and sign board: stable and
j barn, yard and office to let. Apply 2101 Cen-
I tral *ve . Alarr.eda^
! FOR sale, at a bargain — 26-ton schooner yacht.
I with fixtures and fittings, complete; in fir*t-
I cl«53 condition, very stanch and rcomy; suit- .
able for long cruises. For particulars ad- ]
I rtress box yi91. Call office. I I
50,000 GALLONS redwood tank and frame: 13.-
f00 feet 3. 4 and 6 inch pipe. THOMPSON.
40 Main st.
A— BUYS, sells cr rents gtar machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21C Spear st.
JO-FOOT gasoline launch for sale, cheap: 3H
horsepower engine: full cabin: In perfect con-
dition. Address box 3292. Call offlce.
A— 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill air com-
preiror. JARDINFS, 2T0 Fr»mnnt st.
A— $3 10 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. S30 Kearny at., near Pine.
Fol'R- HORSE power Otto gas engine, II n«
shaft and hansers; cheap. l."22 Market st.
IS CANDLE- POWER dynamo: first class: sea
at 1C-03 Mis-Ion St. EPSTEIN. 533 Mission si.
' -
¦ 2D-HANO photographic and mapic lantern out-
fits bought: sold, exchanged. luO Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks xcale and tire and burg'.ar
proof safe. 21S California St.
FIRST-CLAPS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROOH Mfg. Co.
2D-HAND gasoline and eteam enj»ines. lathes,
etc.; general machine work. 137 fVaie st.
ID-HAND engines, bolleis. dynamos, motors.
,«nd gasoline enjr. II. S. White. 51* Mission.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. 12 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. Xa J Smith Premier: lots
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. MO Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph: reduced price.
$75; concert records. $1 30. Bacigalupl. 903 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wco<i
planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beate.
2D-HAND fire-proof safe; 1 fire and burj!ar
proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2<l-hand: moving
pictnr—. BULLARD & RRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES-New and second-hand. THE HEP**
MANN 8AFE CO.. 417-4:3 Sacramento st. ~^
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ 3AFE. 1^9-111 Market st. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
( Call. 18 pages, sent to any address tn ths
United Static or Canada one year for tl.
• MI SCE LLAX EO US~~WAXTS~
WANTED— A copper. tln-Uned soda fountain
not less than 20 gallons and guaranteed to
stand 200 Dounds pressure. Address P. O,
! box 3S0. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Three bears; any age or color. Ad-
dress L. SEELIGER. 2313 Mission St.. S. F.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 103 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 141.
HIGHEST price paid carpets, odd pieces of fur-
riturv. BLAN1VS, 79 Ninth; tel. Howard 11S2.
KKAL9KIK8 are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton at.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothl^tc
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: iel. Black O3%
CHEAPEST and best tn America— The Weekly-
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
postage raid.
MOXEV TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2 1 and 3d mon.-
cases. undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my u-r:r..* before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. ?4 Montgomery, r. 1/
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: flrsc.
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room W first floor.
Chronicle bids. HALLORAN A OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Raldwtn Jewelry S:ore. S»6 Market
St.: tel. Main 1C44. Branch V Third st.
ON furntiure and pianos without removal: qU'r-1-J
••rvice: money direct; lewtrst interest. Rooms™
C« and 60. Donchoe building. 1170 Market st. '
ON r-nl estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and nrt
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount-
lower: rate. BECKER * CO.. n M.'.ntij-,rn-ry"
MOST reliable place to borrow on dlamondv.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth-
highest price for old gold. *llvpr. diamonds.
LOANS *
SALARIES and FURNITURE.
0. H. HARSHBAROER. 3Z> F.llia. room 3*
AT 12« Kearny »t.. room 3. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, Olimonds; low»jt
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 25". ¦¦
*»O.(:C0 at 8 per cent in sums to suit tn city at*>
J130.CC0 on large ranches: alw, on second 'mort-
gages R. J. MERCER &¦ SOX. r,2 IMn^ st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture an.»
S£5.°£iT n ,° Jnt m ? V "' : low mt **- confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
O $L r M^. U ™ e rf? n<1 P i an08: no ™noval: conS-
dentlal; en diamonds, etc. 12 Taylor st.
H MURPHY. «3O Market st.. solves all Iclnds^f
nnanclal problems; id mortgages, estates, etc.
T n*« l^ r nft ( !,. P t? I> , le n WUhout "««»r1ty: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott bis.
"•J,"'! 1 ''' ?J" no^ * *" r «M per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wllsorr. rm. 101. S Eddy st.
A iiT-" t l m ;»!i Cr 2d "wtgages. estates in pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. w, 3 . Examin-r building
indorser. MORRKLL. 60t> Examiner biuldf-.?.
°^. ( f . U r itUr * > '. tiano *' without removal: no JLT.
mission: private^ j^iCK^jlg^l-Ain.t."-^ " k
T S 'p'n^ m *? Y Uboat c o »»t"3l orTridoT^rT
h. *¦ Discount Agency. 143 Phelan trnlldUaMtj
C n E i^ P « ST * nd best in Amertca-The WeekT^
f- iV . 16 _P a ses. sent to any address In th«
1. cited Sutea or Coaada one year for »!•HOTEL AREIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL. I
M A Forster, Cal
H B Botsford, Los An
G O'Connor, S Barbara
W W North. Woodland
D Levy. Williams
W E Moldrop. Alamed
L Wood, Los Ang
F Llppman, Berkeley
G W Malley, Martinez
G B NU.liola. Los Ang
W F Heffeman. L Ang
G H Foster. Cal
Miss Foster. Cal .
Miss Hall, Cal
Mies M Hall, Cal
E , Simmonds. S Jose
A Miller. Los Ang
W C Rlpley. Portland
Mrs A W Maltby. Con
necticut
Mrs G Ia Hutchlnson.
Concord, Conn t
D C Mitchell. St Helen
H Hauser. Los Ang
F D Allen. Spokane
S B Tlmmonds. Ptsmth
Miss H Blackburn. Call
P W Moree, Watsnvlll]
H II von Kolle & w.
Monterey t i
W F'Maegard, Corning
J Q Braun & w, L An
R Gude, Davisvllle
E H Hageman, Cal
W W Slobough, Omaha
F W Slobouch. Omaha!
J L Dovey. Phila ;
C J Johnson & w, Seatl'
R M Green. Oroville J
R B GUman. Jersey Ct
Mrs E Payne, Seattle
Dr M J Davl», Nevada
J J Cannon. Seattle
E H Baker. Seattle
W Cunningham, Canad
Mrs L R Pexton. Cal
H Wigh. Winnipeg
P A Perry. Boston
G L Stark. Cal
\VH Joyce. Los Ang
G A Gait, Cal
H Well. Jackson
I B Yakey. Pt Orchard
E XV Murphy. Los An
W B Field. Mexico
J Hawley, Vancouver
F Carter. Dalles, Or
L Thorne, Cal ¦
J D Wadsworth. S Ros
S J BlKgar. Chicago
W J Mitchell, Cal
J Ruh. San Jose
G C Souden. Brooklyn
L D Syli» Berkeley
C C Wray. San Brndna
H L Smith. Cal
L B Uhrey, Kings City
E B McClellan, Nev
Mrs McClellan. Nev
E C Arnd. Highlands
H Blackman. Cal
Mrs E V Brown. Cal
H I Lightner. Sacto
J E Harper. Reno
D J Norman, St Louis
B M Woodhull, Stkton
J V Lavery. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
S Mlddleton. NY -I
H B Wood, S Jose
Mrs H B Wood. S Jose
Mrs E N Bell. Los An
M J Chanslor. Los An
T R Cutler. Utah
L A Vlolett. Denver
L Kosenthal, Chicago
S A Kohn, Chicago
J A Kohn, Chicago
C Rubens. Chicago
B Blumenthal, Cal
C Clark. USA
W A Brewer. S Mateo
O N Whitney, N Y
J II Whited, Sacto
HII L Smith. Vallejo
H S Mackenzie. S Jose
W H Smith, Pasadena
C F Fchram. St Louis
R V Ellis, Hanford
T F Stevenson, Pa
T F Wllcox. Pa
D A Read, Pennsylvan
C G Webber. St Louis
J Lugsdin. Cat
C A Miller, L Ang
J W Shanie, Mexico
A L Oppenhelm, Minn
Count De Garete, Paris
W F Brown & w. Pa
W F Brown Jr. Phtla
ft L Coleman. B'game
Mrs R L Coleman, Cal
H Plegel. Los An*
H MarAlHster. S Mate
Mrs H MacAIllster, Cal
Ur B R Ward. U S N
Mrs B R Ward U S N
S Munson. Ohio
C M Benedict. N Y
C R Duval. N Y
D J Johnson, Cal
Mrs D J Johnson. Cal
H L Miller. Charleston
T L Lillls, St Joe
W C Coleman, Prov
Dr K M Lundborg. Cal
G G Belcher, Oakland
W Li Norris, S Mateo
H H Hueheg. Mo
B Tucker. Colo
J Waldorf. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D J Quald. Indrla
S S Gibson, Indrla
C B Lamb. Lompoc
Mrs W A Johnson &
& daughter. St Paul
J L .Dyer, Sac to
H R Lewiston, Sacto
H V Petty, Nome
J L Williams, Nome
J Z Williams, Nome j
G Pridham, Nome I
J M Bracewell. Nome
M Gibson. Nome
G Greenlay, Boston
B F Plncer. Chicago
J F Campbell. Seattle
L Vigelius. Victoria
Ci Garden & w. Pa
J H Randolph & w. Cal
W Nicholson & w, Cal
Z E Buckner. Merced
B Flnnle. Santa Cruz
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. City and County of San Francisco to Rlenzt I
Hughes, lot on E corner Federal (Frederick)
and Second streets, SE 30 by NE SO; »
Rudolph and Johanna Sproete to Benjamin F.
Rellly, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue. 250
S of Lake street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Mlrta A. Carter to Henry Muuter. lot on N
line of Clement street. 55 W of Eighth avenue,
W 20 by N 10S: $10.
John A. Drinkhouse to James F. and Annie
Chtetham, lot on S line of K street, 57:6 W of
Tenth avenue. W 25 by S 100; J10.
Annie T. Moore to Drenzy A. Jones, lot on
E line of Idaho street for Bradford avenue),
S5 ¦ S "of Powhattan, S 25 by E 86. Barman's
Map: $300.
Same to same, lot 1. block 11, Syndicate's
First Addition to San Francisco; $200.
Abby F. Knlpe (wife of Frederick A.) to
Frederick J". Knire. lot on S line of Plymouth
street 16S*10V4 W of Park. W 25 by S 100. lot
28. block 3. Holly Park; $L
California Paving Company (a corporation)
to J. J. Rauer, lot 28. Bernal Homestead Asso
ciation, warranty deed: $100.
W. P. and Ceelle Hobro to Hugh Keenan. lot
on N line of Broadway. 124:11 E of Franklin
street. E C0:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Estate of Jos Jacquemet (Incompetent) by
Marie J. Jacquemet, guardian, to Andrew B.
McCreery, lot on W line of Baker street, S7:6
S of Golden Gate avenue, S 25 by W 121:10^;
$3250.
Marie-Jeanne Jacquemet (wife of Jos) to
fame, same; $10.
Thomas and Rebecca Denlgan to Henry A. j
and Emma A. Stelling, lot on W line of Fol
«om street. 35 N of Fifteenth, N 25 by W 85;
$10.
Isaac Anderson to H. Outsen. lot on S lln*
of Thirteenth street, 51 W. of Walter. W 24 by
S 1C0; $10.
Amy M. and William W. Magary to Charles
and Emelia L. Iverson, lot on E line of Har
rison street, 125 S of Twenty-first, S 37:6 by
E 100; $10.
Anna and Max Lepkojes to George M. Havlce.
lot on W line of Montgomery street, 37:6 N of
Filbert, N 25 by W 87:6; $10.
George M. and Jennie L. Havlce to Harriet
E. Turnbull. undivided half of same; $10.
Cornelia. Bowman to San Francisco. Novelty
and Platlnc Works, lot on the NE corner of
Bay and Stockton streets. E 206:3, N 275. W 68:9.
S 137:6. W 137:6. S 137:6; $10.
Elan? Williams to Kate Williams, lot on N
line of Clementina street. 275 W of Fifth, W 60
by N 75; $5.
Ambrolse M. St. Paul to Eugenie M. St. Paul,
lot on N line of I street, 50 E of Ninth avenue,
E 70 N IS, w 120. S 25. E 50, 8 100; $10.
An'gU3 J. Kemp to Robert Baxter, lot on E
line of Fortieth- avenue. 100 S of W street, S 23
ilarrlet B. Hahmann (wife of P. T.) to George
A and Charlotta H. Turner, lot on NE line
of Harrington street, 123 NW of Mission. NW
75 by NE 100. block 4. Acamedy Tract, quitclaim
deed. $l % Alameda County.
Cornelia E. Booth to William F. and Edward
A -James undivided 4-42 of lot on SE corner of
Twenty-eishth and Chestnut streets. E 3S by
S 100 Oakland; $1.
'Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to E. R.
Tutt lot 43 and adjoining 23 feet of lot 42.
block F Linda Vista Map 2. Oakland; $10.
Mary E and John J. Buchanan to J. A. Sit
ve'lra lot on E ltne of Filbert street. 294 SW
of Third 8 23, E 83:10. N 25:4Ti. W 83:4. to be
irlnnlng being lot 14, block 441, map of survey
No 8S2 for E Bigelow, Oakland; $10..
Sarah A. Henneberry (wife of T. P.) to Mary
A Henneberry. lot on N line of Elm or Twen
tv-fourth street, 430 W of Telegraph avenue.
W BO by N 133. being lot 44, block O. Kelsey
Tract. Oakland: $10. » ¦
Jessy Davis (and as attorney) and Samuel
Da-"-is (by attorney) to Harry P. Johnson. 'lot
on N line of Clinton street. 173 W of Summit.
N 100 W 23, N 23, W 100, S to a point. E 204,
to beirlnnlnr, being lots 1 to 6, and S 100 feet
lot 7 "block A, Map New Town of Lynn. East
Oakland; also lot on SE corner of Thirteenth
avenue and county road survey No. 1135, thence
SE 99 thence at an acute. angle, W 114:6 to a
Dolnt'on East Thirteenth avenue, which point
Is distant 50:9 from point of beginning, thence
jj 594 to beginning. East Oakland; also lot 35.
Map of Locksley Square/subject to deed of
tract, Oakland: $10. -
Rosa M. Shattuck (executrix of estate of F.
K -Shattuck) to A. Hamelln. lot 16, block 21.
Shattuck Tract Map 5. Berkeley; $10. -
Bernadlna Ska (widow) to George L. Roland,
lot on W.llne of Center street. 3S9:1^ N of Mid
dle. N 40, \V 133:11%. 8 40,*;E 134:3 to beginning.
Oakland: $10. . , V:
Lulu S. and William L. Taylor to Belle
Adams." lot 8. block G. amended map of Moss
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
' Christine F.' and M. G. Casserly, owners with
J. V. Campbell, contractor— All work for a !
frame cottage on lot on NE line of tijck°ls ave
nue. 20 feet NW of Huron avenue. NW 27 by
NE Ids; |12C0.
Michel Sehablague. owner with M. Buxzlnl.
contractor, architect, J. Godart— Ail work for
construction of basement under building on
NW corner of Broadway and Hyde street. 2>
by 70; J77."..
Henry Smith, owner, with W. Porensen. con
tractor, architect Henry Smith— All work, own
er to furnish finishing hardware, mantels, pan
fixtures and shades for a 2-story frame bulld-
Ini; (Hats End stores) on lot on N line of
Twenty-fourth ptrc«"t. 110 E of Folsom. E 27:6
t.y N 100. M B 152; *oSW.
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1900.
13
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
REMOVAL OF— —
HKINE SJANO COMPANY
From 1SS Ellis Street.
V,'h<re will Ik sold the following stock, reRard-
l**f-s •'•t ccs*. or i*roj:t;
SK Heine ujiricht. ' 1 Fisher.
7 Sioinway upricht. | 5 SchllWs.
I Mnson & Ham'.ln. 2 Gibsons.
* Snickering Hro«. C SHrau»M>*.
1 Phaw. 1 iiwrinc.
2 Vo*e. ! ii Bohaeffers.
Kirft parties to come will have best choice.
No reasonable cflfer will be refused on any of
tliese i<:anos. We will rent pinnos and allow
r«>nt on (Hirrhaw price, or sell on very .-a»v
frtns; anyway must close thorn out. Sale r.ow
*: >lng on at 136 F.1U* ft., corner Mason, which
we must varate before September m. after
v. hlrh we will occupy our beautiful n»w store
i.t :i7 Or-ary ft. HKINE.
¦tVnrez-ooms. 13C Kills et.
Tin: f.neit xnn\r.s and repairing of all~kimls
of rcuriral Instruments is done by our etaft
of oxirf>rtK. AW guarantee all of our work
and charge reasonable prices. MAUVAIS
Moflc Co.. 7CS Market rt.
ANOTHER carload of those beautiful Pack-
ard niancs Just received. Thoy are th* nn-
r-Ft we ever ha.i. and are worth looking at.
We Invite you to caiL SIAUVAUS" 7C9 Mar-
ket fct.
IF its a bargain you are looking for. you
cannot Rfiir.I to j, U y until our ftock an.l
JT 0^ 8 hav r,. b ° < * n •'"mined. MAUVAIS
Mufic Co.. 7C3 Market tt.
.ALL purchasers of pianos atSHERMAN, CLAY
& PP,-"* hav * the privilege of exchanging for
* 5 TI - INVVAT mny tlm « within three y^ars
end ru!l purchase price allowed- the best
tntkrrs or every grade to Fe'.ect from: beauti-
ful r.cw uprights {6 cash. $<> per month; som*
cxid .pianos for S3, U and JO j^r month.
FHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. PTKINWAY
r>EAI.ERS. corner Kearny »nd Sutter ets..
fan Francisco, comer Broadway and Thlr-
t«en:h et.. Oakland.
A 1. 1ST of extra Rood barpains f<.r thti> week:
« fine upright In nice condition. Jl"0: f an. y
case upright, fine tone. J173: a beautiful Stein-
way; elegant Chase Bros., used very litjie.
eM4 for cash or time at knrr-.fris* reduction*:.
THE J. DKWIXG CO.. "d floor. Flood M<i^.
ABSOL1TELV the oldest and larceyt house
•rest of Chicapo is KOHI.KP. & CHASES.
£«. 2S and SO O'FarreU st.: plaaos* otxans ani
all ether muFical Instrument* c* "C v trades
End piices: terms easy: prices losm»7 ;-~»^y-
thlnp possible done to please and satlsTy tn»
customer.
t <iAOD pqunre rtanc« from Sift to COO.
S fine grand pianr-F f»vm fl75 to HM. »
5 second-hand uprijhts from ITS to JC?5.
1 Steinway, 1 Fteek. 1 Weber. 1 «'urtaz.
mNJ. CUP.TAZ-& POX. 1C <V Farrell Bt.
r.F.MOVAL of KeenVs riano store from Van
Ness to £C3 Market, bet. Tth and f.th. next ]
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction salw for :
2 weeks; apea eW«W»! call and cet Ion- prices.
JF you have a GABLEB piano, send your name ¦
to' Ryron Mauzy. CDS Post St.. the sole ¦cent,
f>r Information.
Yi< 'LIN FTrir.ps: never wet; beat in the world:
mi Vint cnl repairing r.f all Kir.i of musical
ir.sTrumer.t*. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary s=t.
ji EUCCHTBB Fale "f upripht pianos for
rfrspe. JfO up. TVILSON'S PtoraBe. 1710 Mkt.
WILL acoert made suit of clothe? us part pay-
rn-rst ior piano. Bex Id. Call office. I
HE in ttie tw-irr>: rent c .iew piaTin for J3 per
rnrith. PCOTT-CrRTAZ CO.. Uifi Hayes st.
FPECIAL sale— Uprights $75 up: installments
$S tip: rents K OP- HKINE. 131 Kills st.
THE W1LET B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.:
Har^rr.an. Conover and other pianos.
BOHMKR & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton jiianof. 30S Post tt.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN — Good piano cheap: installment $S
jfi n;»r.th. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
V.'. G. .'lAIi^CT.. 4:? Sr.craraento St.. agent for
Franda Bacon and Hailett & Davis pianos.
BTTPERIOR violins, zithers, oH and new. H.
Ml'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KHDITTION' pale: r«-*^ piano*: %'¦ pavments:
fnr rent *? «m. MWUKW ""O Vn-t nt.
MISICAL lNSTItLCTIOX.
FREE— Three mirths' p*ano Instruction by «•
r^rt Germr.n teacher. Box IW,. Call office.
OFFICES AMI STOUKS TO LET.
EM! A~FPKF.CK'r.LS r>u il .iTnpT^^Market^
'''.'fires, lipht and «ur.ny. $l"i to t2 r > per mo:ith:
\.e\:t. heat, janitor and use cf telephone in-
cluded.
OFFirE to rent: S fine', light front rooms on
Market Ft., opposite Palace Hotel: rent $30
por month. Address DR. PI4IUCE & SON,
C« Market ft.
y^'Tl rert — Klefrant offices and rooms in Y. M.
C. A. fcl(l|f . : a!l modern im;F. ; rent very low.
TO rent— Modern i'oto; well lighted; 25x140; ;
rent reafr^ahle. 3f"> Hayes rt.
PALMISTRY.
KUE. Neerjraard. Pres. St. Germain Coll^ere of I
Palmistry : r*-ais 1 to ?. f,:<5 Oeary. nr. .Tones, j
1'HYMCIAXS AXD SURGEONS.
£>H. J. HERBFRT RKEVE.~2C>i Keamy et..
cures by electricity Nervous Prostruuon. In-
*orr.rJa. Afjisa, Bhemiittom, Paralysis, Ca-
tarrh. Cor.h-uirptior.. Kidney, and all inflam-
matory ca,sesi; diseases diagnosed.
UlttOylC <l!seaFes of men. ¦women; cur?s guir.
fcnteed. PS. GORPOJ. .".14 Pine, nr. Kearny.
I'H. C. C. O'DONNELL-Office nnd residence,
?".r-^ Mafkrt St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PERSONALS.
JTUVATE detective work: reasonable rates; JO
years' experience J. B. RAY. 3j7 Jessie Bt.
FRTTE "Valuable Remedy" for rheumatism.
ii'". "Retired Nurse." 15M Market, nr. 12th.
Z.nnERER, the popular hairdresser, gives you
the latent »"d nobb:e«t styles for only 25c;
f Fwltches 11 up. G. LEDEREU. 123 Stockton.
•THE HUDSON PSVEB CO..
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillow? made to order, re-
covered and renovated: honest work g-uaran-
te<d; prices defy competition : fine upholstery:
|h' -e r.I39; factory. 21S and 220 Eleventh St.;
r.rst-c]RFs cleaning and dyeing. 409 Sutter St.,
Far. Francisco.
\VHY SITKER?
Persons afflicted with Rheumatism <no mat-
ter of how long Etand'.nK), or any ether chronic
difeafe. should call at ence at the SAN3
FOUCI, 1409 Van Ne«s ave— the up-t><-date In-
ftltut'on tor treatment. We have 25 year»"
experience. Charges reasonable.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third »t., near Market: 700 ro^m»-
Tie to tl 50 per night; Jl 50 to t< per week;
?v» 'bus and bcsrtraee tr> and from the ferry.
MME. A PA. 34 Kearny, 47 Pest, office 10-11; If
tick, suffering from any caure. Fee this won-
derfully gifted healer; fhe will cure you.
J^EDEUnR'S Qutntonlca hair tonic Is the only
remedy for falling hair; 3ic bottle.
INSTITUTE of Science; suggestive therapeu-
tics; magnetic healing: personal magnetism:
hypnotism. Prof. Fisher, instructor. 517 Matn.
Bl'lTS to order on Installments: $13 upward;
!1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
• TILES — W permanent cures In t?an Francisco
who can be 6een: no operation; no pain; par-
tiulcars sent. Ad. Physician, box 19S0. Call.
LKDERER'S Foarao Shampoo cleanses nr.d
sweetens the hair: f.c packago; try it once.
I.IME. B R. GROVE, 34 Kearny. room 1!—
• Jli-aler;" treats chronic dUeaEes successfully.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cotf's curling fluid; 2Se bottle; druggists.
¦UUiIKR 1 and rents' cast-off clothing bought &
. *oid. PSlverman. SS4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
¦ A XTETV^-Old-fJishloried rllver, brass, copper
' Ww; curies, all description*. 52i Dupor.t *L
BCITS to rrdcr on easy payments. >rt Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
AI.FriimrK.s E;ryptlan Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color, tl; at al! druggist*.
*'ART-OKF el-thing. <"ld gold and fllver bought;
f«r,<i r^f'ai. roi.EMAN'S IOC Kearny »t.
PIIOPKRTY WANTED.
V AXT7.li -Income or unimproved city IS. V.)
Prnperty; n; Ust j^ c heas. SPECK & CO.. 6£7
M:-rk»t rt.
"^ L l:sTAT E — CITY — FOR SALE.
._ . „ CI.HA xTxVESTMEXra ~
AT A. M. SPECK & CO.-S, Ca MARKET ST.
fT-^r^n* 5 " 5 r ' rr Wl " net: near Chronicle.
J1.5.00.i-Pay^« ,^ r net; Market tt _ ; oao
m^£j,- —> <- <** «-
J7J. 000- rays 5 xw . r cent; corner: 7S ft- front:
rctnre an<1 Market sts - : sooi
. '"' t^ntV^^r,*™* COnier; ° ae
mints C ° mtr; new Improve-
%£t3u!rfcL££ : n ° W ""lavements. H '
.tt.200-Rcnta J3S; Vam*> «*.; worth J3M0.
A. M. 6PECK* CO.. CCT MARKET ST. j
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
TT.'TTLE. f,3O MARKET ST.
S11.50A — 3 up-to-date 7-room flats; Turk Bt.,
near Laguna; pays 10 per cent.
160CO-2 Hats. 7 rooms; splendid Investment;
pay* 10 per cent.
ITijOO— 2 new flats: pays nearly 10 per cent.
J5700— 2 tnf>dern flats; pays 9hi per cent.
tlj.OOO— 3 fiats; Suttsr et, near Laguna; eunny
aide; pays 9^ per cent.
SM.ftO&-3 new 7-room flats; Fillmore; rays 11
per cent.
$7000—3 flats: Page. nr. Laguna; pays 9 per ct.
ISQOO— 2 flats; Sacramento, nr. Flllmore; pays
8 r*T cent.
$.r.iVU-5 flats: Tehama; pays 14 per cent; ex-
aminp.
T-^'OO— 4 flats; Harriet; pays 12 per cent; In-
vestment.
Ji2.M»-4-ronm cottage: Sunset District.
J3X0— New 7-rcr,m cottage: Sunset; up to date.
J11.!.op — rji-font corner: near First and Mission.
S4?:t<— Or.ttaRe: Haight. near Fillmore.
J2ff'O — New cottage; Army, near Folsom.
jlC.-»n_r,-rm. cottage; Chapultepec. nr. Folsom.
$3Gf:f>— Wa*hington-!=t. lot: near Lyon.
$4C«!0 — n^visadrpi f=t.. near Washington.
JliVKV-Californin-st. lot.
JII.'O— Ninete*>nth-nt. lot; 25*114.
J4::.f>— Waehlnctcn-Ft. corner.
HAVE you real rotate north of the Park or at
the Mission that you want to sell? Then call
on W. J. CCKS. 1.30 California st.
t~&-THREK new modern flats, with marble
steps frescoed ceilings, etc.. in the best rent-
inc section of the city; 1 block from HaiRht-
et. cars, on Waller st.. near fierce; rents JS60
per >'<-ar; easy terms.
SSSO-BARGAIK: new 3-room cottage on car
line: pocd-slzed lot. BOVEE. TOY' & CO..
€24 Market Ft.
S-R<iOM~cottaije home; *00 cash. $10 per month.
THE MCCARTHY, QO.y^il. Market fr
$3200— HOI'SE of S rooms f^id bath for sale.
Si!4 Ycrk st. W
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
fytinBtes furnished Campbell. 1147' Mission.
REAL ElfATE COUNTItV For Sale
FOR~PaTe'oTexrhaiige~in one oT~the best coun-
1 trv towns in Ptate consisting of half interest
I In principal brick owner: 60x140; containing
j 6 (totes; also 3 cottages In town; all rented:
reasons of wiling: buFinef? in city; snap for
I parties desiring country property. Box 1376.
j Call oMccx
i jio.OfiO— A FINE bearing vineyard of 33 acres;
the cron readv in six weeks: estimated at
?J5'>3; district frw of frost and free of dis-
ra.Fe: 1M miles from Cloverdale; winery, ca-
pacity of 70.000 gallons; this place "wants ln-
8P<-etion to be fully appreciated: will not be
for f=ale after the 1st of September. Address
T. J. D.. 34* Cloverdale.
FOR sale— Farm. 160 acres; 80 acres cultivated;
balance suitable for farming; vineyard, or-
chard, new house and cellar: 2 miles from
Grass Valley: will sell very <-heap account of
I age. HENRY PERSCHON. Grass Valley. Cal.
| DILLON"? BEACH fo«- sale; finest summer rs-
tcrt property on Pacific Coast; including cot-
tages »tad hotel. SOO-acre ranch, horses, cattle,
farminc utensils: well watered. GEO. DIL-
LON, Tomales, Marin County. Cal.
REDWOOD timber lands in lots to suit: 160 to
lO.OitQ or more acres In Mendoclno County;
from to to J10 an acre. Address P. ROTHER-
MKL. M7 California ft., S. F.
PRINTED list; farms nnd city property 6old
| and fxrhangfd. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.
HKAI^ ESTATB^
17500—5 MINUTES from Ross Station; modern
h--msc. 10 rooms, stable, orchard: plenty shade
trees: 3 acres. Box 14?1. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
t-^d WILL build a new cottage of 6 rooms:
all complete; lot' 50x120: Weber St.; same lot
•with 5-room cottage. i23oO. J. IL YOUNG,
BulMer, 1213 Park £t.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TO rent, near the university, a thoroughly
well appointed house of 10 rooms; in the very
hem part of Berkeley: complete in every par-
ticular, with furnace, electric lights, gas. etc.
Apply to MASON & McLENAHEN, adjoining
F. O.. Berkeley^
j f2000— A NEW 6-room cottage; connected with
fas and water mains: street work all done;
electric cars pass the property; cash or in-
stallments. Apply to MASON & McLENA-
THEN. adjoining P. O., Berkeley.
j SAFE investment for 17500; blcck of land favor-
| ahlv located r»far ermine Fanta Fe Railroad.
Particulars C. WILLMOTT. 916 Market >t..S.F.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
rRllTVALE REAL ESTATE.
Bt-*Y a cory place of the. owner; 5 rooms and
bath: stable; chicken-houses; fruits; berries;
I>aims; flowers. Cameron st., few steps back
of Altenheim. I
SUNNY Fruitvale. near station; no fogs or
harsh winds; lovely lower flat. 4 rooms, fur-
nished: reasonable: adults. Address box 59,
Fruitvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I tll.00— THIS week only; 50x145; north side of
Mt-rrin:ae, near Telegraph; professional men,
i look at this. BELDEN & COOK, Washington
I and Hth.
! CONTRACTORS and speculators— We have for
I »ale feet, one block from Ashby sta-
tion, east of Adeline; no reasonable offer will
be refut-cd for this property; must be sold.
liELDEN & COOK, Washington and 14th.
»5Q0— A 2-STORY, 7-room house, with lot 40x
100; en sunny side: near Piedmont ave.; Is this
cheap tr.ough? BELDEN & COOK. Wash-
ington ani 14th. : — ».
j 1250 CASH, balance at 8 per cent; new 2-etory
•¦ hou^e of S rooms; porcelain bath and elnk;
; oi-cn plumbing; location excellent. BEL-
DEN & COOK Washlncton and 14LU.
I $S3Cfr— A HANDSOME home on Harrison et..
I near 14th; lot 50x150; will exchange for Sari
Francjeco property. BELDEN & COOK,
Washington and 14th.
IC9T.0— AN R-room finely finished story and a
haif dwelling; sunny side; near .Lafayette
School; 5 minutes to 14th and Broadway;
| lar/r* lot: teiris. BELD2N .t COOK. V.'ash-
liiCton and l«th ets.
$150 CASH, balance $25 per month; new 2-story
house, 8 rooms: modern throughout; near lo-
cal trains and car lines. BELDEN & COOK,
W»5hlneton r.nd 14th.
$T50 CASH, $10 monthly; neat cottage of 4 lar^e
rooms; 7-foot basement; veranda all around;
barn, ¦well, some shade trees, 1*4 acres Al
land: all fenced: lavs flne: entire price (1230;
laud alone is wor' the- money.
J2S cash. $10 monthly; 1 acre choice orchard;
p.«sorted fruit In flne bearing; price $675; Fruit-
vale, adjoining East Oakland, close to a flne
school, two electric car lines; away from fogs
and raw winds; call or send for circular, 4*»
Seventh St., Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
OAKLAND FUBXITIJRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. Hth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 62 Second— Light housekeeping. $1 50 to $2 B0
per wk. : single and double, $1 to $2 60 per wk.
EDDY, C04— Sunny corner suite of rooms, kitch-
en, gas range; running water; complete for
i housekeeping.
EL.I..IS. 1127— Two nicely furnished rooms, with
uxe of kitchen and dining-room.
FIFTH. 31S— Suite of rooms; furnished for
housekeeping; cheap.
FOLSOM. R34 — Large sunny front bay-window
room, .kitchen, bath; private; $3 per week.
FOURTH. 303— Nicely furnished rooms; sunny
and central location and housekeeping.
j GEARY. SlS^i— Suite and kitchen furnished for
housekeeping; also other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1035—2. 3 or 4 furnished
housekeeping roorce.
HAMPTON place, 13. off Fojsom, bet. Second
and Third— 4 rooms; eunny; bath.
HARRISON. 7S4^. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; |1 up."
HOWARD, 1063^4— Sunny completely furnished
houffrkefplng rooms; also others. .
HOWARD, J141— Larpe front room. bath, com-
plete for. housekeeping; $8 month.
LARGE furnished parlor and dining room,
i-.it rhen and large bedroom: all conveniences;
close to broad and narrow gauge stations.
2101 Central ave., Alameda.
MARKET.. 1028— Large light room; connecting
kitchen; furnished; folding be<^; gas; $10.
MASON ISIS— 2 or 3 eunny connecting rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping.
VATOMA. 2S4, near Fourth— 2 furnished house-
* keeping rooms: water; gink; closet.
O'FARRELL. 742— Two or three neatly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, $11 to $30.
ONE large Funny room furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent $1 25 per week. Apply at
Ehoe&tore. vC2 Mission et.. bet. ltt & 2nd sts.
FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
POWELL, 903. near Sacramento — 3 rooms, with
gas. $12; sun all day.
VAN NEKS, 402— Front bay-window suite, new-
ly furnished; complete for housekeeping; gas
range. \
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia. Bt.
HOO3IS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE] W8 Sixtlv^Rooms
2fio to $1 per nlpht, il 25 to $3 per week, and
lirht housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA, 223 Post-Finest sunny suites in
city for families and gentlemen: all convenl-
enecs: special accommodation for tourists.
BUHNETT, 3426 Market (old No. 1384)-Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BITSH, S2O- Nicely furn. sunny rooms;$l 50 to $7
wk.: 25c to $1 50 night. -MRS. P. RANFT.
BUSH. 720— Lower floor of 4 unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; yard; $13 50. Apply 4 p. m.
Bl'SH. 1030, near Jones— Sunny rooms, newly
furnished, or unfurnished, with board; refs.
Bl'SH. 140S— Sunny room; gas and bath; no
othnr roomers; rent $6. . '
ESSEX place. 1, off Essex St.. Rincon Hill—
3 unfurnished rooms; hot and cold water;
bath.
FIFTH, ihi— Sunny furnished ulrtgle rooms; {4
and $j per month.
FOLSOM. 965.. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms. single or suites; reasonable.
GOLDEN' GATE ave., 2G2— Nicely furnished
sunny front room.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HAMPTON court. 1. near 66S Harrison— $3; fur-
nished bay-window room.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single; tran-
slrnt: baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. S29— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 9S9, cor. 6th-Orlando House— New
management: furnished rms.: suites or single.
LARKIN. S04— Sunny suite furnished, $12;
sunny back bedroom and kitchen, ?10; large
front $S.
LAS PALMAS. 1R20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 71S — 3 large sunny rooms, sunny
side, downstairs; rent JS.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.,mo.
O'FARRELL. 129 A— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms by day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 742— Nicely furnished sunny quiet
fboms, en suite or single; gas. bath, phone,
POST. 426 — Furnished rooms; gas and bath;
13, $8, $12; private family.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
nicht 25c to $1. week $1 «5 to $4; open nleht.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and ladles-
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to SI 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $8 to $20: elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths,.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136 — Furnished sunny rooms; single or
suites; also rooms for light housekeeping.
TURK. S41 — Single furnished front room for
gentleman ; private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscrlMlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
ROOMS AND HOARD.
ALMORA. corner Twentieth and Mission sts. —
Beautifully furnished suites or single rooms;
all modern conveniences; excellent table;
terms moderate.
HOTEL Sutherland. 791 Sutter St.; choice loca-
tion; sunny rooms with board; first-class with
every convenience.
ROOMS AXD DOARD WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS board and room wanted In ex-
change for expert dentistry. Box 1666. Call.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
"end 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Fhiladel.. Pa.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
DORE. 13S0 Marker St., above Jones.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
413 Montromery St., rooms 9-10: tel. 6580.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com"-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840 — Packing, moving and storage.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
ropalrlnp »t lowest rates. 2C5 Fourth st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS^We
6ell better machines for less money thin any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange.. D3G California, telephone Main 268.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters: any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
NEW typewriters. S5 down, $3 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Oats and Hay — Depot Quar-
termaster's office, 36 New Montgomery st.,
San Francisco. Cal.. August 13, 1900.— Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, wlfr* be received at
this office until 11 o'clock a. m., August 23.
1900, Pacific standard time, and then opened
for furnishing 3000 tons Oats and 1500 tons
Compressed Hay. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (Including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
• and such preference will be given to articles
of American production and manufacture
produced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent
of the consumption required by the public
fervlce there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on ap-
plication. Envelopes containing proposals will
be indorsed "Proposals for Oats and Hay,"
and addressed to Major OSCAR F. LONG,
Quartermaster. U. S. Vols., Depot Quarter-
master. '
-MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tl;e following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Harry R. Borden, 30, Angels, and Louise
Rollerl, 23, Angels.
William Bach. 24. 33S Green street, and Rup-
plna M. Nlgro. .24, 440 Ninth street.
Enrique Aced, 30, 2009 Powell street, and
Maria F. Meyer. 24, 930 Broadway,
Antone W. Ennis. 24. 5 Moulton place, and
Bertha Meyer. 23, 637 Washington street.
Ernest C. Carlson, 28. 71 Pierce street, and
Matilda Nordstrom, 22, Hlnsdale, 111.
Nicholas Conachy, 43. San Mateo, and Kath-
erine M Ward. 37. San Mateo.
• William F. Herbst, 30. San Mateo. and Grace
M. Claxton. 2S. Redwood City.
Harry Abramson, 22, 5S6 Natoma street, and
Lena Cohn, 19. .637 Natoma "street.
Harold C. Holmes. 22. 20 Bond street, and
Evelyn Glenny. 20. 100SV4 Minna street.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES'—DEATHS~
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the , publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ALBERS— In Santa Rosa, August 10, 1900. to
the wife of D. C. Albers. a daughter.
BUNKERS— In this city. August 20. 1900, to the
wife of Harry Bunkers, a son.
SULLIVAN-In Oakland. August 3, 1900. to
the wife of Patrick P. Sullivan, a daughter.
MARRIED. -
HERBST— CLAXTON— In this city. August 20.
1900. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson
William Frederick Herbst of San Mateo and
Grace May Claxton of Redwood City.
LOFTIS— O'BRIEN— In this city. August 19
l»uO, by the Rev. S. D. Hutslnplller, B. Daniel
¦ Loftis and Edna O'Brien, both of San Fran-
cIeco.
MERRILL— WHITE— In this city. August 19,
1S00, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Frank M. Merrill of San Francisco and Bar-
bara Marlon White of Benicla.
SMITH-JENSEN-In this city, August IS, 1900,
by th» Rev. O. Groensberg, Oscar F. Smith
and Minnie Jeasen.
DIED. :
Brown. Lewis J. Knowlton. Harry D.
Brownlee. Kate Lapthorn. James .
"Campbell, James D. • Lawlor, John F.
Collins, Thomas McCall. Ella
Dieu. Mrs. Seraphlna McCarthy, Delia
Folger. Seth McCormack, John
Frnser. Margaret Miller. Isabella
Oareghty, Joseph B. Miller. Jeremiah
Hahn. Margaret A. Morrissey, Mary E.
Hart, Robert ' O'Connell, Mrs. Mary
Hill. Amanda J. Richards, Marcaret
Horieer. Albert Robinson. Bridget
Huntingdon. Asa Swall, Mary A.
JorRenson. Annie E. Sweeny. John M.
Joyce. James Wlllielm. Jacob
Kelly. Thomas G. Woodworth, Seiim E.
Kropp. Charles
BROWN— In this city, August 20. 1900, lywis
J., be'.overl husband of Sarah it. Brown, a
native of Maryland, aged 64 years.
BROWNLEE— In this city. August 19. 1900.
Kate Bro-.vnlee, beloved wife of Simon Hrown-
1<H?, a native of County Limerick, Ireland,
nzed 35 years.
CAMPBELL— In this city. August 20. 1300. at
his residence, 172S Wnller street, James D.
Campbell, beloved husband of Catherine
Campbell, and father of James, Archie. Kate
and Alicia Campbell, a native of Ohio, aged
62 years S months and 20 days.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
COLLINS— In this city. August 13. 1500. Thomas
Collins, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. George
Ef Collins of Iowa City, Ia., a native of Eng-
land, accd 40 years.
[t3rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street,
under the auspices of Ivanhoe Lodge No. 5,
Knights of Pythias. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
DIETZ— In Stockton. August 13. 1!>00, Mrs.
SerapMna Dietz, beloved wife of George Dletz
Sr.. and mother of George Dletz Jr. and Wil-
liam Dletz, a native of Germany, aged 69
years 11 months and 5 days.
FOLGER— In this city. August 20. 1900. Seth,
father of Herbert and Clinton FolRer, and
brother of Mrs. Elizabeth Macy. a native of
Nantticket. Mass., aged 73 years 4 months
and IS days.
in^Krletivls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
Grace Episcopal Church. Interment private.
FRASER— In Pine Hill. N. Y.. August 19, 1900,
Margaret Fraser, widow of the late Andrew
Fraser. and mother of Mrs. Charlts a.
Sloane.
GAREOHTY— In this city. August 19. 1900, Jo-
seph B. Gareghty, son of the late John Ber-
nard and Cecilia Gareghty. and brother of
Rote. Cocilla. Frederick and Matthew Ga-
reghty. a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years.
(n?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, corner Fill-
more and Fell fctreets. where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAHN— In this city, August 20, 1900, Margaret
A. Hahn. beloved wife of R. C. Hahn. and
mother of Otto II. and Emma M. Hahn. a
native of Baltimore, Md., aged 52 years and
14 days.
HART— In this city. August 19. 1900, Robert,
beloved son of the late Patrick and Kate
Hart, and brother of William. John. George
and Alexander Hart, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, a Red 20 year,s 7 months and 12 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(¦Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth, for services at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HILL— In Piedmont. August 18, 1900. Amanda
J., beloved wife of Edward R. Hill, a native
of Texas, aged 43 years.
HORIGER— In this city. August 20. 1900, Albert
Horiger, dearly beloved son of Mrs. George
Horiger, and beloved brother of Edward
Horlger of Columbus, Ohio, Julius Horiger of
Florida and Mrs. Eliza WIthoff and Mrs.
Laura Jones of Columbus, Ohio, a native of
Columbus, Ohio, aged 60 years and 3 months.
(Columbus papers please copy.)
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HUNTINGTON— August 20. 1900. Asa Hunting-
ton, father of Mrs. Fannie Springsteen, a na-
tive of Vermont. In his 81st year.
JORGENSON— In this city, August 18, 1900,
Annie E.. beloved wife of John Jorgenson,
mother of Joseph H., Genevleve C, Irene H.
and Ethel Jorgenson. daughter of Mrs,
Bridget Smith, and sister of Mrs. K. M.
Flynn and J. M.. II. P. and J. J. Smith, a
native of San Francisco, €ged 31 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ln\-lted to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1221 Green street, thence to St.
Brigld's Church, corner Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com.
menclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
JOYCE— In thlB city. August 20. 1900. James
Joyce, beloved father of Thomas and Mamie
Joyce ani Mrs. T. F. Hayden. a native of
County Mayo. Ireland.
KELLY— In Colma, San Mateo County. August
19. 19C0, Thomas . G.. beloved husband of
Maud Kelly (Guerrero), and son of Annie
and the lata John Kelly, brother of Frank.
Rose. Peter. Annie and the late John Kelly
and Mrs. Benjamin Green, Mrs. William Fay
and Mrs. Fred Pierce, a native of Colma,
Ban Mateo County, Cal.. aged 27 years.
CT' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Colma. thence to St. Ann's Church.
Colma, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KNOWLTON— In this city. August 18. 1900,
Harry D.. beloved son of Joseph and Lizzie
Knowlton. and brother of Mrs. Lyman M.
Welch and Miss Grace W. Knowlton, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 26 years and 1»
days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this - day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the St. Nicholas Hotel, corner .Market and
Hayes streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Towsend streets.
KROPP— In this city, August 20, 1900, Charles
Kropp. beloved brother of John R. and Her-
man C. Kropp and Mrs. J. Brandt, a native
of New York, aged 45 years. A member of
Alta Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F. (New York
papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends are Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Wednesday), from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Seventh' and Market streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Alta Lodge, I. O. O. F., commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Remains at the parlors of
James McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mission street.
LAPTHORN— In this city, August 20, 1900,
James, beloved husband of Fannie E. Lap-
thcrn, and father of Charles H. Lapthom
and Mrs. R. Spena, a native of England, aged
75 years and 10 months.
LAWLOR-In this' city. August IS. 1900, John
Farrell Lawlor, beloved husband of Emma
Gertrude Lawlor, and brother of Edward,
George, Richard, Harry. William and Eliza-
beth Lawlor, a native of San Francisco, aged
29 years 3 months and 13 days.
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend thf> funeral this da£
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 37^4 Perry street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be held for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McCALL— In this city. August 19. 1900,. Ella,
beloved sifcter of Mary and Margaret McCall,
a native of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged
18 years 3 months and 2 days. (Brockton,
Mass.. papers please copy.")
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated lor
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— There* will be an anniversary
high mass at St. Brendan's parish to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, for the repose of
the soul of Delia McCarthy. Frienas ana
acquaintances are Invited to attend.
McCORMACK— In this city. August 18. 1900,
John, dearly beloved husband of Katie McCor-
mack, and father of John W. McCormack, a
, native cf Manchester, England, aged 65 years.
EXFrlends and acquaintances and members
of the Retail Grocera'Aesoclation are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday^ at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MILLER— In Oakland. Cal.. August 20. 1900,
Isabella, beloved daughter of James and Isa-
bella Miller, and beloved sister of Em. E.
Miller. James Miller Jr.. Mrs. George Fribie
and Sadie, Margaret and Elizabeth Miller, a
native of Oakland, Cal.. aged 14 years 7
months and 20 days.
MILLER-In this city. August 20. 1900, Jere-
miah, beloved husband of Adeline Lane Mil-
ler and father of Mrs. William A. Avery. a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 79 years and 10
days. :'..' r .->- ~-- .
MORRISSEY— In this city, August 19, 1900,
Mary E.. beloved wife of William M. Mor-
rissey. mother of John T. Morrissey. and
daughter of Elizabeth and the late Thomas
Martin, a native of San Francisco.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 24% Rltch street, between Third and
Fourth. Folsom and Harrison, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for Rervlces at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— In this city. August 19, 1900. at
Our Ladles' Home,. 33 Rincon place, Mrs.
Mary O'Connell, a native of Ireland, ased 79
years.
inrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dtfy
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School. -
Telephone South 80. .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS. I
. 27 and 29 Fifth St. Tel. South 167. .
ICNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
(Tuesday), at 10:43 o'clock, from the Chapel
of the Passion. First street, between Harrison
and Bryant, where a solemn requiem mass !
will be celebrated for the rt-pose of her soul.
commcncir.B at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from ¦
Third and Townsend streets. '
RICHARDS-— In this city. August 19, 1900. Mar- ;
Knret, beloved wife of the late Thomas Rich-
ards, and mother of Thomas L. Richards.
Mt s. John OTonneil and Daniel B.. Hattle.
Evan E.. Edna. Edwin L., Jennie and Alice ;
.. Richaids. a native of Wales, aged 51 year3 S \
months and 19 days.
GryFrlemls and acquaintances are r«>sp*ct-
ftilly Invites! to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late
residence. 2i26 t i Sutter street. Interment Cy-
prrss Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
ROBINSON— In this city. August 19. WO. Brld-
pet, beloved wife of Robert S. Robinson,
mother of Florence and Ethel Robinson,
and sister of Mrs. Froudflt of Los Angeles
and Mrs. Annie Lamb of Chlraso. III., a na-
tive of Chicago. 111., aRed 3tl years. (Ix>»
AnRcles and Chicago, 111., papers please
copy.)
ETFrlpnds are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
P:30 o'clock a. m.. from the parlors of the
United Undertakers, 17 and 23 Fifth street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where serv-
ices will be held. Interment Holy Cross
Oemptery.
SWALL— In this city. August 19, 1900. at the
residence of her son, William E. Cody. 237
Page street, Mary A., beloved wife of Wil-
liam F. Swall of Capitola. and sister of the
late John Maitln.
Crinterment San Jose. Wednesdav.
SWEENY— In this city. August 10, 1900. at bis
residence, r.20 Jessie Ftreet. John M., beloved
husband cf the late Katherine Sweeny, and
fa'her of Alfred. Georpe and Walter Sweeny,
a native of Tralee. Ireland, aged C3 years.
(CT'Requiem mass at St. Patrick's Church.
Mission street, between Third and Fourth, at
9 o'clock. Friends are Invited to attend. In-
torment private.
WILHELM— In this city. August 19. 1900. Jacob,
dearly beloved son of Julia and the late Jacob
Wilhelm. and brother of George. Julia and
Annie Vilhelm, a native of New York, aged
32 years lo months and 2S days. A member of
Court Justice No. lfi. F. of A., and Journey-
men Butchers' Association.
(t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission Btreet.
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cetretery.
WOODWORTH-In Valparaiso. Chile. August
8. 1000. suddenly, of heart disease, Sellm E.
Woodworth. a native of San Francisco, and
late lieutenant United States navy.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
h^ wharf. San Francisro:
VfVi,,^ Kor Alaskan Portu — 11 a.
l!»K*2X m - August J. 1 . 2*. r<. ;->rt. *
VQt *»>S? > ?5v nia.TC* to company's >!*am-
|,S StSC\»iM crs at Seattle.
fj^vSK f " or Vittoi ia. \'an"ourrr
/^^^K|§g-*il attle. Tarom.-\. Everett. Ana-
H - cortea anil New Whatcum
(Wnh.V- 11 «. ra.. Au^u«:
19. 24. 29. Sept. 3. and every fifth day there-
after. Chance at Seattle to thl3 company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. R'y: at Seatt>
or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C.
P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Ear-* p. m.. Au*n-«t
1*!. .21. 2«. 81. Sept. 5. and every fifth da-
thereafter.
For Santa Crtiz. Monterey. San flirr^cn. Cayu-
eo«. Port Harford (San Lul» OblspoV «"!avln»a.
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Huen^mf. Pan Pedro.
East San Pedro Oxta Anjrele»> and Newport— 9
&. m.. Auifust 19. 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Kan Diego, "topptntr only at Port Har-
ford <San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Bedonrto <I.r>s Anctesi — It
a. m.. Aueust 17. 21. 25. 29. Sept. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mairdalpna H«y, Pan .To!«e d«I
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Row-
lla and Guaymaa (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The eompanv reserves the rlRht to chans«
steamers. oalllnR dates and hours of salllnc
n-lthont rrevlou* notice.
TICKET O*''KICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
COODALL. PEHKTV3 A CO.. f!en. Are?nt<».
10 Market «t.. San Francisco.
THE Oi R t & Ni CO.
DISPATCH FAST STRAVERS TO
From Sr^ar-streot Wh«rf if 11 A. M.
CADC <I2 First Class Including Berth
rWllt $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
AttKimt Tl. tt 3 1
COLUMBIA mil* Acjust K tfi. Sept. 3
Short lino to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to »11 nctnts East.
E. C. WARD, Genoral A^ent.
e:o Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STKAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Flr«t and Brannan at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllne at
Kobe fHtogoV Kaeasakl and Shanchal. end
connecting at Honjrkonic with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of satllnr.
SS HONGKONG MART*
Wednesday. Axisnint 29. V?no
ES. NIPPON MARTT
. ...Saturday. September T!.
SS. AMERICA MART'. -Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fnr
frelrht and passage apply »t '•ompany's office.
4ZI Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERY. G'nerai Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
Etopplnp at Cherbourg, trestbonnd.
From New Tork Everv Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York Ausnist 2«f N»w Tork Sept. 19
St Paul Sept. 5 St. Paul Sept. 2K
St. Louis Sept. 12!St. Louis Oct 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York ?nd Antwero.
From New York Ever" Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland ...August 2?I Westeroland ...Sept. 12
Frlesland ....August 20 Kenslnetnn Sept. 1»
Southwark Kept. 5' Noordiand Sept. 26
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO .
30 Montgomery Street.
¦30MPAQNIE GENERALS TRANSA7LA5TIQUE.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS.
SalllnK every Thursday. Instead of <*j[JTvj
Saturday, from November 2. ISM. at
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA LORRAINE. August 23: LA
TOTTRAINE. Auirust 30: L.AQUITAINE. Sept.
6: LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 13. First class to
Havre $S2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre' $55 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadwar
(Hudson bulldlnK>. New York. J. F. FUGAZI
* CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery av«-
nue. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOI.TTI.it, APIA
AUCKLAND A>I> SYDNEY.
S S AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. Atiffust 22, 2 p. m.
S" s' MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to Xew
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Sept 5. 3 p. m.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. il4 Montqomerj
Pier 7. Foat Pacific St Freight Otftce.327 Market St
KOSMOS LINE
P.UOIJIUO LII1U LUXOR 6500 tons
! ¦ ABYDOS 4000 tons
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
S S. Tanis. 4.W0 tons Balls about August 29.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery at. Pier No. 7— Freight office.
327 Mnrkft at.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEBS.
Steamer "Montlcell©."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat at 9:43
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlsht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. S
p. rn. Landing and office. Mis?lon-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50c
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA N9RTHWESTEBN BY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a, m.: 12:33,
8:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. - Saturdays— Extra trl^s at 1:W
and 11:30 d. m. ' j
BUNDAYS-S:CO. 9:20. 11:00 a. m.r 1:30. J:M.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
XVEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
2:40, 5:15 p. . m. Saturdays— Extra ' trips at
1:55 and fi:35 d. m.
BUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. a:40.
5:05. 6:25 r. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave J In Effect. -I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 13. 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I 1 Sun- 1 Week
Days. ( days. | Destination.) days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am| 8:4") am
S:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pmilO:2S am
6:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pin
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburr- .-•*.
Lytton.
Geyrervllle.
S:"') pm 8:C0 am Clovcrdale.* 7:33 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I 110:13 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am | and Uktah. I 7:35 pm I <:20pm
7:30 am 10:23 am
S :00 am Guernerllle. 7:35 pm
S:SO pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am! S:40am
and :
6:19 pm S:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 8:05 pcif 6:20 psi
7:30 am] 8:00 ami 110:40 am!10:2.i am
3:30 pm( 5:C0 pm| Sebastcpol. I 7:3C pm; 6:20 pm,
Staires connect at Santa Rcsa for Mark West
Sprlnjr* and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
GeyBervllle for Skagss Sprlr.es: at Cloverdale
for the <5eysers: at Hopland for Imncnn
Spring, Highland Pprlnics. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad fjprlnxs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ulclah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Pprlnffs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Srrlncs. Upper "Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Uerley's, BucknelVs.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Git's Hot
Springs." Mendoclno City, Fort Brass. West-
port. Usal. Willlts. Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 650 Market Bt.. Chronicle bide.
H. C. WHITING, - R. X. RYAN.
• General Manager. Gen. Pass. Asent.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry -
WKKK DAYS 9:30 a. m.. 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS 3. 9. 10. 11 a. ra.. 1:30, 2:30 p. ra.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF T AM ALP A Id NOW OPEN.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
.<t«»«:-rii»:i:> •--t«'i»-i<- hhii-asi.
iFACirif STlVTKM.)
Trains H-me nn<* «rr line «» ur.lt" al
n»> I'll .%M«'I.*«<'O.
(Mai-i Line. Foot o: iiatktt Street)
| LSATE — FRCM A CQWrt 12. 1300. — AK1ITI
I _ , — — .
j *7:0Oa Dmfctfc .Suismi, Klmira. VacaTllIe.
IluiiiP-'T *nii .¦>oci»nit;lir.i> r T«l3r
•; :(>».» Shaat* Ex press -Daria. WiilUnia(for
Uartlett SpfUi«»). Wi.ij-i, lto.1
UluS, roruand. *7:«3»
•7>3i>\ Minium. Sau IUiii«-«, Vallejo. Naj a,
UkUatPg»MnlitalM Uii&a *4tl3p
*K:OUa I)h!,4. WiMnliaud. KuigbU Lanuiug.
.M«T«»il.e. «>r-»iii^ *7»l5p
• •».«»!»» At!»uti.- l.<|,r>r« -<-<<»>¦ ami Kaat • 1 2: »•*>«•
•»:««> \ Nilw. Trjcy. ijithrop. SSochton •»: 13a
•»i:ti»4 Han .lone, tifvmura, inoeilrm
I. me. Haetain<-aM P!«c-TviUe.
M.rj.til!-. «:bic>. i:«.l K'.itlT M:IV
•»:3t»» iu.,1.-, Cblnesa (for Yuwnilte>.
.-.«!. ora. Carter*. »«:lSp
•1i:«O4 Hujwani!!. Nil » »ml Wky Sution*. '11:15,
•!i:»i>» 1a* Ad«31c» Eirreas — XUrtlnex
Tr»oj. l^tLhrop. rt-urkton. .\lf»c>-U
Trran »»U Loa Acga'ed ..., *7:l. i Vp
•»<3«4 V.Hm.' .. Martinez »ii.i «V«r Kt*llnns *&<(3p
•I »:«<• « Tho U»erl.ui.l l.i'i.iro'J-l>5Jen, Den-
Ter, Ornate t.'hi<-n!,"> ... *3: !•"»?
•ll'Odt N.l'i. 8'ockl:ni, -tacranvuto, llrn-
•lotu. flllliu llaiifi.ril, VlattiU,
r..r»eTiillo ••H."»r
*ll;OO* LiTcrmore, S»Dg*r. Ooch'.'n J-ioo-
t; .ii, l:ik'r.ii!r.|,I.« Augelef
•I -i-.nnM ItaiwMila. Nile* and Wuj stations. »2i IS»
tl:»i«r >..-i*ih. ¦.-.. ia.FT.S-e<.u>rni l."<:f>tt«
•:t r IfayK&r.U. N.lma-i.l Way rttatlona. Mil.tr
•|:«»r Marthin Hkii |Uim».. V illejo.
N.«|.i. •.'4!!«t<. < ». .S.u.»a RDCi •l»ill»»
•ls««»r B-«:ei». Winters, M«ciaii:»iiio,
WiHHllanil. Kuixltt* lauding.
If aryasttl*'. Omvin*. •!•:!?»«
•••a«p NlTws. .-.»¦.. <..~e».,.l S:..ck'.c,.l •?:!»*
•3:«tOpTlin Owl f JmttH— TnyTT. FiMiin.
Dakmflai4 i^au^'is (or tinut* ttt>
kar», U,» AacileS. 'IO:IT»
| •••V:O(»r Stock- .11 *«»i43a
' -.-.iiMir New Orir&ac Eltr.-«- ll»kemrt«M.
I HMIta Harlwf , l.os Anz-lrn. l>-:.i-
iiiK, El i'uo, M«« «>i.-"iu» and
RmI •»!•»«
•n-.mnr II , » ir.l., Nilesaml Sau Jim •»»•»«
t»:Oi>r V«lli-j.» 'latiae
•!i:O»riT:Vnt»l Mail-<)j.!en. ChejenixJ.
Omaha. tJLic»S'» J'*** -
•«:OOpUri-.ntal Malt— Opten, Denier.
*)aiifc». (,'hicv"> *4:I.Tf
•7:«l©» Nliea. Tr»C7. Lathrop. 3toc*t5n.... •f*:\Z?
|7i<H>r Vallrjo. r«*l 1*« ill an<l War Sla
tioi.s \9Mt
•S;«'.p tlr^. n .i:i.| t' .!:.' r-.f.i Kt|r^»*..H«o-
lainrwln M...j». :.:¦•. i:,.'!!.^.
r..rti....i. r.ia-i smw.ii ¦>• ..i k— i «»»ta«
t'OAST I > I V I > I < • > |.1»rran liaajn).
{t\>i>i <J JlnrkttStraet.'
J7j1.»a fc^r.r* Cru: Excursion (or Hant»
Cm* and fllwdual Way Statit.oa t*<**r
¦ •NiIKa Ne.v il rk.r-.,t.r.i.I,-..s«.,.l,,.^. K,-.t..is
! U.xil.W»Cr>-aJt.S«uta.Oi l ix»M<1 \.'-.»
; NtaUona M».at»r
fJiISp Nonrark. (.Vi t.-r. ¦:i!r. San .linn. Rrt
", Aliii:*-!...]. K.'lu.n. Bwnli1<» «'re«>k.
St.,..> I'iiix a:xl i'riaclpal V. »j
i 8aaU»M •»«•:.¦>«»
| "iil-Ti- New irk. s«n .!¦;». I.i.r <; »:o.< fl:.-v«*
: a4:iapGlenwoo<l. EVltoti. Sani.-v fruz «¦»:¦*»<»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FrtoSir. railUSCO— F<ial al »ir:il Slrt.t isli. S» —
•7:15 'J.OO ll;00«Jt. JI:J3 ?:C3 !3.:3
M:33 IIU »l«fA
fram UHH US— ?«•»*? 2r»»J«j».— "H:00 hi':) I8.0fl«.M.
t!3:S3 *I:C3 t2.C3 '3:13 11. :3 -rXSr.u.
COAST ItlTIMor. .Uron.: (..im;c).
(Thirl ami To •.»*«¦.* sit)
ft»:lo* (>ce»i. V i«w. .-«<vitli maii hr*..ci ..... tr,-.:Ht r
tT:ll«> H>i. Jiwn xinl Way >j.:. :.¦.., s <N«n
AIimiUi \Vr.1..e..liv» .»>l>) •l:3»p
l~ ::;<»* SuurUy Exenrsiou f r Saa Jose,
KjnU Cms, Pm-i:lo Grovo aad
l*rindpal Way nUtions IS:a3F
•O>«a* Han .I.mo. Tri-a I'iixat. Manfci fti.s.
TaciHc ISiorn. !'>.... UoUlrS. .-s-m
l.iiin o:.iK|.o, Si.rf. I...:.i; oc ami
l'riiipiiml W;iy SLatl.iiia 'l:l«p
: *IOiIOa Sau .J.ip.« ami Way .SUtinim NbaS*
I Ml::u»» SHii.l.m«,Lo6f3atc8»».l\V i i,SU»i..oa •SiUOp
|-4: ISr San \Ut.o. ::,-.;-a,..>.1, Menlo Park.
l'a!o Alto. .Santa *;:ara. S»i. .!.•»,
Tres Pinos. M;ii.ta rr.tx. Haliuaa.
Monterrj bimI Pai-ilU liro»« 1IO:.1«»
f!tin«pi<an .lose ami W»y .Statlims •li.lnf
tl:l»rSanJon>i..| TrlMclpat Wajr SLatioita *!»:-».V«
|5sn»r3»n J(>w. L»a\iatoa aad l'rii.cip*i
I W»y.S»tiom 1O:O»*
I •3i30r8an.Jose»iii| Principal Waj Htatioim ?'•iS.^*
•tt::tllr 5Un Ji.se and Way Htatfuua !»»••*
Hl:4.-Vr San .l<»e »¦..! Way Station* «~:^<>r
A for Morninc P lul Aftemmni.
'Daily. fnnii.liy exrejited. • Sunday oulj.
b Saturday only,
a Saturday and Sand** e Monday only.
....... .A/VD RETVKTI
On the NEW TRAINS of the
Santa FeRoutej
to be sold
August 21st and 22d
gocd for return
Until October 22d.
Will tell you
I all about it at
I 628 Market Street,
! or at
j Ferrj Ticket Office, Foot of Marist St.
I — _-
SAINT/* F"E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MAP.KKT-STREET FERRY.
Leava: OrarLand: Dally for Chlca- Arrtva:
(TO. Kansas City, Danver
aad all Eastern points.
El Paso. City of Mex-
too. Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Ariz.. Bakersfleld.
t a. to. VUalla. Tulare. Han- t p. m.
ford. - Fresno. Merced.
Stockton. .Ant inch, stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dining
car between Stockton
and Bakersfleld.
Stockton Local: For San
4:10p.m. Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay 11:05a.m.
Point. Cornwall. Antt-
och and Stockton.
Bakersfleld Local: For San
Pablo. Pinole. Mulr, Bay
! Point. Cornwall. Antl-
1p.m. och. Stockton. Merced. S a. m.
Fresno. Uanford, Vlsa-
Ila. Tulare and Bakers- \ '
field. Sleepers to Fresco .
and Bakersfleld.
TICKET OFFICES: «2S Market st.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market St.. San Francisco.
111S Broadway. Oakland.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22. 1900.
FROM SAN FRAXCISCO TO MILJL. VALLET
AMD SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAY3-7:C0. «S:30. 9:30. 11:50 a. m.:
12:43. *1M5. J:15. 4:15. *i:\5, «;U. 1:40 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
I Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
' and Sundays, at !»:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. *S:CO. »-i:00. •10:00. 11:00. n-*>
j a. m.; 12:45. »l:30. 2:30, '3:43, 5:00. «:OJ, j-.u
I P- rn.
11:CO a. m. does not run to San Rafael Bun-
I days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qu»ntln.
J FROM SAX RAFAEL. TO SAX FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. •fi:*). 7:50. 8:40. •10:15 a.
I m.: 1S:3O. 1:15. 2:15. *J:3O. 4:S0. 5:30 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
j and Saturdays at *t:45 and 10:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-<:13. *S:W. '9:50, »U:00a. m. ; »12:W
m.: l:«0. 1:13. »3:3O. 4:30. HaUL 1:43. 7:30. X0:2l»
p. rn.
Trains marked <•> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
: WEEK DAYS— 5:52. «:45. 8:00. 1:55. 10:J3 «.
! m.: 12:33. 1:43. 2:45. 3:30. 4::o. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
; and Saturday"* at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
I SUNDAYS— o:35. 8:05. 10:03. 11:10 a. m.; 12:14,
I ISO. 1:30. 3:43. 4:55, 8:13. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
, THROUGH TRAINa
! * 7:C0 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way st*.
I Uom.
1 3:15 p. ra. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tion".
5:15 p. m. weekdayi (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta»
ttons. .
12:13 p. m. Sunday*— Point Reyes and way
station*.
f Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
_#*If" A* in 1S3-* tor the treatment of Private
IS« / K *trf Diseas«-a. Lost ManbiMXl lH>bllifor
tJregSSS* disease »M»arlnj? on bodyand njlna'and
VW"i?iwl skln i'i'^wea llic <loctorcureswhen
3j»^Mm others falL try hlni. Charge* jo w
JSSiiaArtjiia ('nreisnitriknieri. C--Ulorwrit«\
Oi-a-f uIUHOX. lt«»s i'J37..San t raael*-o
:wniirGdifl.iiowTnSeveral points of frreat importance were
established yesterday in the Townsend
case during the examination of Mrs. Ella
F. Murray before Judge Frank H. Dunne,
and before proceedings were stopped by
a writ of prohibition from the Supreme
Court. The atmosphere of the case has
been filled with rumors of wills, but It was
not until yesterday that a positive, defi
nite statement was mad© that Mrs. A. S.
Townsend had ever made a will. The as
sertion that the dead woman had made
insisted yesterday in escorting her to the
Grand Jury room. She is accused of no
crime and having been served with a sub
pena intended to obey the summons.
She looks upon the incident as persecu
tion and she and her friends are loud in
denouncing it.
Mrs. Murray Saw Her Mother's Will.
The association of Mrs. Smith with Col
onel George H. Pippy in the same office
Is Ftartling. and the police profess to take
from it a sinister meaning. Mrs. Smith
continues positively to deny that she had
p.nythlng to do with the bogu3 will. She
resents bitterly the fact that the police
could very readily have been demon
strated. If the document had been de
stroyed Miss Nellie Rattlgan might have
been asked on the witness Ptand if she
had ever seen a document purporting to
be a will of Mrs. Townsend. Her answers,
if truthfully given, would have brought
confusion to Mrs. Murray and her attor
neys. There is reason to believe, the au
thorities declare, that the will and the
envelopes Inclosing it were photographed
with this plan in view before they were
sent to Miss Rattlgan.
not only one will but two was made under
cross-examination by Mrs. Murray.
. The witness declared that when she was
a child she saw a will which her mother
had made and signed. Later, in 1SDS, her
mother told her that she had made a will,
but would not sign it until Mrs. Murray
had passed judgment upon it. Mrs. Mur
ray said that she had been consulted by
her mother in reference to the various
provisions of the testament and had
spoken. significantly to her Eastern rela
tives about it, but she had never seen the
instrument and had no knowledge that it
ever received the force of law by being
signed.
. These disclosures, which were in the na
ture of a surprise, settled the argument
that Mrs. Townsend never made a will
because of her superstition that she would
MRS. BESSIE TRACY SMITH WAITING IN COURT TO TELL HER STORY.
German Government to assist in breaking
horses at Baden for service in China, was
thrown from a mustang which he was
trying- to handle yesterday afternoon and
sustained a fracture of the left leg. He
was sent to the Receiving Hospital, where
the injured rrember was set by Police
Surpeon Bunnell. '
Horse-Breaker Injured.
John Logan, who -is employed by the
Douglas Brophy, employed at the Gov
ernment docks at the foot of Folsom
street, fell down a .hatchway on one of
the transports last evening. His right leg
-was fractured and -his scalp lacerated.
He was treated at -the Harbor Hospital
by. Doctors Dorr and Alexander.
Fell Down a Hatchway.
Mrs. Mary E. II. Gwin has been allowed
to take an appeal to the United States
Supreme Court in the case of the United
States vs. Peralta and others. In which
case Mrs. Gwin appeared as lntervenor.
The action was to quiet title to the tide
lands of Oakland, and was decided in
favor of the United States some months
ago in the United States District Court.
Peralta Case Appealed.
Charles Kxopp, an asphaltum roofer,
died in St. Luke's Hospital yesterday
morning from the effects of a fall from
the roof of a building on Commercial
street, on which he was working, about
a week ago. He was unmarried. 43 years
old and a native of New York City.
Killed by a Fall.
For any one who has not a piano there
will be the chance of a lifetime. One of
the oldest firms in that line, the Heine
Piano Company, are goinp to close out
their entire stock of all makes of pianos at
136 Ellis street' Sale commences to-day
Over seventy pianos will be sold before
September 1. after which they will re
move - to their beautiful new store ¥> 17
Geary street. ' •
All Must Go.
Mrs. Edna Stock Swallowed Opium
When She Heard Her Spouse
, Was in City.
Mrs. Edna Stock, residing at 426 Minna
street, took a dese of "yen she" with sui
cidal Intent last night. She was treated at
the Receiving Hospital for opium poison
ing and will recover.
Mrs. Stock learned yesterday that her
husband had returned from the Klondike.
She had been dissipating during his ab
sence and feared to meet him. Last night
she left her home to avoid him and visited
a saloon on the corner of Mary and Minna
streets. "While there some person whose
name is unknown to tho police gave her
the opium, which she took to end her ex
istence.
PREFERRED DEATH TO
*A HUSBAND'S REBUKE
"Did you not tell your aunt, Eliza Craw
ford, in 1SS5, that you had seen your moth
er's will and that in It your aunt and
other relatives had been liberally pro
vided for by your mother?"
"I did not tell my aunt anything of the
sort. I told her that on my visit here in
1S94 my mother had told me that she had
made her will, but would not sign It until
she had consulted me. She had taken
counsel with me In reference to the provi
sions of the will, but I most solemnly
swear that I never saw that testament if
It ever existed." N
Hassett tried»Jna variety of ways to
induce the •witness to change this testi
mony, but he had absolutely no success
and an adjournment was taken for the
r.oon recess. Before court reconvened the
Supreme Court, upon the application of
Thomas T. Townsend, the divorced hus
band of Mrs. Townsend, issued a writ of
prohibition forbidding Judge Dunne to
proceed until the appellate tribunal passes
upon the merits of Townsend's applica
tion. :^.v
The ex-husband claims that Judge
Dunne has discriminated against him by
assigning his application for letters of ad
ministration for August 30 and then hear
ing the applications of the Public Admin
istrator and of Mrs. Ella F. Murray.
Townsend Insists that he has the right to
be heard at the same time as the other
applicants. His petition will be heard to
day at 2 o'clock by the Supreme Court. .
When Judge Dunne reopened court in
the afternoon he' was .informed of the
action of the Supreme Court by Attorney
J. F. Sullivan, whereupon the case was
continued until to-morrow morning. At
torney Shortrldge In a brief address of
fered to represent the court before the ap
pellate tribunal, but Judge Dunne took no
action in the matter.
die the day after making it They shed a
peculiar light also on the conduct of Mrs.
Murray in taking dramatic possession of
her mother's house and effects and insti
tuting a search for a will from which she
excluded every one except her own con
fidants.
Hassett Provokes a Sharp Betort.
Under, cross-examination Mrs. Ella F.
Murray attempted to relate the Incidents
of her life even from her earliest years.
The purpose of the Inquiry on the part
of Attorney Hassett was not plain
either to the court or to the other at
torneys. It was long, wearisome and un
interesting. Finally the attorney for the
Public Administrator unburdened himself
and declared that It was necessary for
Mrs. Murray to prove not only a bona.flde
residence In California, but also her al
leged relationship to Mrs. Townsend. The
pleadings In the case accepted as a fact
that Mrs. Murray is the daughter of Mrs.
Townsend. It was not readily understood
therefore why Hassett insisted upon ask
ing questions which apparently had abso
lutely no bearing on the case. As a law
yer Hassett is, however, wonderfully and
fearfully made and he pursued his policy
until peremptorily overruled by the court.
In pursuing his Inquiry Attorney Has
sett became positively original in a cer
tain peculiar way. In apparent sincerity
he asked Mrs. Murray:
"Have you any knowledge of the mar
riage of your mother and father from a
recollection of the event?"
The attorney meant no Insult. It was
his peculiar way of expressing himself.
He did not realize that he had commit
ted a blunder until he was awakened by
a general laugh In the courtroom and
the answer of Mrs. Murray, which was:
"No, sir; I have not. I was not present
at the ceremony."
Mrs. Murray has a habit and a faculty
of giving sharp answers, and when she
made this one she was in her test mood, i
She then related the incidents of her early
life, telling where she lived and with
whom. Practically nothing of importance
was developed. Mrs. Murray said that
she lived with her mother in New York in
a tenement house In 1S39, and also In a
lodging-house which Mrs. Townsend kept
before she came to California in the ship
Baltic. Mrs. Murray also told what she
knew- of the relations of her mother and
father during her early years, and il
lustrated the fact that her parents even
then were not friendly. She declared that
she lived with her grandmother until the
latter's death: The answer seemed to bt
plain enough, but it was apparently not
so with Attorney Hassett.
"When did you cease to live with your
grandmother?" he repeated.
"When she died." was the reply. "I
have not lived with her since."
Consulted With Her Mother About
Bequests.
Attorney Hassett tried another tack.
"Did you ever see a will made and signed
by your mother?" he asked.
"I did," was the answer. "I saw one
when I was a little girl. It was made by
Judge Pond and signed by my mother.
That was long before -my marriage In
to make. If the bojrus will had been of
fered for probate Its worthless character
Bible fcr the attorneys for Mrs. Murray
The police believe that the conspirators,
•whoever they may be. expected to profit
by one of two mistakes which it was pos-
pose which, it Is asserted, explains the
motive for the fabrication of the bogus
will.
•wrote the spurious document He claims
to have found In the will, on the envelope
which enclosed it and In letters written
by Mrs. Smith since the date of the will
private marks of identification which in
every Instance are the same. These
mark?, it Is claimed, were made for a pur-
Tell-Tale Private Marks.
He asserts positively that Mrs. Smith
¦T^THl-' litigation pv«t the rich rm-
R tatr of Sir*. Aimlra J*. Tonn
-**- ocnd eivm *v<ry, Indication otf
hrins: one of the mont «fa»n
lionnl tin.l mo«t Bpandnlona 'a*' 9 in
thr hiPfory of tli* local probale
ronrt. Alrcadr fharpr* of (rand,
lorrr^rr. ccnuplracy and oih«*r felo
ni«» are bofnjc n»a<!<»- Tb*> police
end tli«« amn«l Jnry half tak*n an
¦rttre Intrrewt in the affnlr and do
tggttvf si»«l -vrritine; mj<tIm are
plr.jinrr a part qnile *s* prominent
n« the attorncyp. Ch«rg;M and eonn
trr-<'l:aiRrn, prin:!natlon find re
«rimtr!ni!on are Uolnar made in
court, nnd «t the very neginninKT of
th«- Iesrr.1 Imflle tlie greatest bltter-
HCM i» I»<-ln«c displayed. A prize of
KOOO.OOO api»enri» to be Trell rrorth
the hazard of a «erie* of lecrnl dnela.
The «-a«e reaohed n certain climax
of interest Ia*t niprlit when the con.
tmiiln; factiona •were Gammoned he
fore the Grand Jnry to explain what
they kr.ovr of the forced vrill which
him ajjpenred »o n»yKterloti«l y In the
€-.t«o. Tlie police and tbe attorney*
for Mr«. V.Wa V. TJurray fnolMt that
tlii" c!nm«y Inntrnniect vettn forgred
by >Tr«. Resale Tracy Sin Ufa at the
instance of an attorney or attorney*
in t*ie o:*iBe. Mr«. Ilesnie Tracy
l« an employe of Oeorjfe II.
J** *»T»>"- wbo Tva« appointed to repre
sent ahnent Iieir* in the case. Un
til her employment by Plppy Mr»,
?m«th *vni« an attache of the Chln^»e
nnreaa. throarvh vrhlch Plppy con
dvrtrd Ms notorious traffic in the
l.siiflififr of Chlnene.
\elther Plppy nor Mm. Smith, 'was
placed on the witncnii utand last
nfcrht. nltboncrh both had been «nm
moRfd by the Grand Jnry. The in
ntiSiinrs made *low pro(frf»» and
after Ptamlnini; three witnesses nn
nonr.rfd that the inquiry Mould be
renamed r.t a later day. It had been
an «-\«-::;«ist day In tbe case. Mrs.
I^!la V. Murray had testified before
Judsre Donor tha she had seen one
v* (II mnde by her mother and had
disenssed with her pnrent the mak
ing: of nnother. At the Instance of
T. T. Tommrnd. the ex-liosband of
the denu n'omai, the Supreme Court
enjoined Juilce Donne to saspend
fi:r»her proceedings nnd to-day tbe
hitter quarrel Trill be heard by the
appellate tribunal.
*-jpSHE antechamber to the Grand Jury
room was thronged last night by
][ witnesses summoned to testify be
fore the inquisitors. Subpenas had
been Issued Tor Mrs. Bessie Tracy Smith.
O>orge EL Pippy. M. A. Hassett. J. F
Sullivan. Miss Nellie Rattlgan and her
elster. Mrs. Ella F. Murray. Mathew Sul
livan. Hupii Ashcr, Chief of Police Sul
livan. Handwriting Expert Theodore Kyt
ka and R. A. Tuttl*. Mr3. Murray and
the Rattlsran sifters held court In the law
library, jmarded by the Brothers Sullivan.
Hupo Ashcr. who earns a salary as an
Assistant City Attorney and sheds his
VpraJ light a» the representative of Mrs.
Towr.send's Brother, paced the corridors
in company with Colonel Pippy. Mrs.
Smith contented herself with a peat in
The anteroom of the Grand Jury tribunal
nnd watched nervously, the excited ex
cursions of District Attorney Byington
and his assistant, Greany. to and from
tho Jury room.
Urs. Smith Accused of tlie Fraud.
After considerable delay Miss Nellie
Iia.tti|ran entered the juryroom and told
what she knows of the mysterious bogus
will. Her rccitaJ contained no detail which
fcas not been published. The young wo
man eaid that she had received the
etranpe package through the mall and
without opening "the inner envelope had
turned it over to the attorneys for Mrs.
Murray. Further than this Miss Rattieran
know nothing and was excused.
J. F. Sullivan, one of Mrs. Murray's at
torneys, was the next witness, and re
lated what he had done after Miss Rat
tigan had turned the letter over to him.
He went at once to the Chief of Police,
In whose presence the letter was opened
and the will read. An outline was then
given of what transpired before Judge
Dunne when the attorneys for Mrs. Mur
ray presented the alleged testament, pro
nounced It a forg-ery and accused Mrs.
Bessie Tracy Smith of having knowledge
of the fraud. Chief of Police Sullivan fol
lowed his namesake on the witness stand
and described what he had done to solve
the mystery. He had detailed detectives
to find the mysterious witness, Mrs. M.
Bell, but they had met with no success.
Expert Kytka had been ordered to make
a thorough Inspection of the alleged will
and othrr documents, and had reported
positively that Mrs. Bessie Tracy Smith
was the author of the document.
With this testimony the Grand Jury,
much to the astonishment and chagrin o>
those who are prosecuting the inquiry,
rested for the nJffht- The ar*iouncenif m
•was made that the jury will again tak«.
vp the Inquiry and all witnesses were ex
cused until further notice. Kytka can
not be examined except at a day session,
and be will probablj' be the next witness.
Supreme Court,
Grand Jury and
the Police Take
a Hand in the
Bitter Fight for
a Fortune.
Mrs. BessieSmith
and George H.
Pippy Thrust
Into the Fore
ground of In=
quiry.
SCANDAL GATHERS ON SCANDAL IN THE
BATTLE FOR THE TOWNSEND ESTATE
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, ¦ 13UU.
1S71."
14
in the world. .
I?i4inill*<a Conl .P !8(2 External and Internal Treatment for Ever* Humor,
*8J.alUlfi£ 43 con ,' lltin S of CutiCCBa Poap (2.'.c.\ to clcan»e the nkla of enwts and
¦V^ f ¦¦--':- »cale« and soften the thickened cuticle, Cetkxra Ointment rMc )
T U e «? ffil ntz¥ ™ Un } l £ alh y Itcn'o?. Inflammation, and irritation. and »ooth- and'
The Set, SI -25 ¦»* fe 1 ™* R»«-y *-¦"(**•>. to cooi and S£ «••*£*
.. ... .. ., , A SlJl i ; tf e "Jsoften«aaiclenttocurethemo»ttorturln ! 5.dl«fl 1 rnrln»
and humllintln* iikln, scalp, nad blood hmnorit, -with loss of hair, when all elsa fai!» i-<v~kr
D. and C. Corp., Sole Props., Boston. " now to Cure Face Humors and all other Humors »£ee
ONE PRICE, viz., TWENTY-FIVE CENTS, the BEST skin
and complexion soap, and the BEST toilet and BEST bahv soa«»
jyriLLIONSof Women Use CUTICURA SOAP, exclusively,
VA for preserving:, purifying-, and beautifying the skin, fox
cleansing: the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping
of falling: Hair, for softening:, whitening-, and healing- red, roug-h,
and sore hands, in the form of baths for annoying- irritations,
inflammations, and chafing-s, or too free or offensive perspiration,
in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses, and many sanative
antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women
and mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and
nursery. No amount of persuasion can induce those who have
once used it to use any other, especially for preserving- and puri-
fyingf the skin, scalp, and hair oHnfants and children. CUTI-
CURA SOAP combines delicate emollient properties derived from
CUTICURA, the great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing
ingredients and the most refreshing of flower odors. No other
medicated soap ever compounded is to . be compared with it
for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair,
and hands. No other foreign or domestic toilet soap, however
expensive,. is to be compared with it for all the purposes of the
toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at
PREVENTED BY
Pimples, Blackheads. Red
Rough, Oily Skin
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r\Ve Are Giving
3 time* w% /?&? • LnFP
many j ICllliUlllO j H \) |
WITH
>• . Teas, Coffees,
' Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Row tie*
Good Tine and Place to But
DR.MCNULTY.,
rilHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABI.KOLdI
±. ispeclaltsteure* rrlvuie. Nervous, muU Blood D^
eases of Jleu only Book on Private Diseases ana
Wejiknwses of Men. free. Over My'rV experience.
Patients cure.hu Home. Terms reasonable. Houn!)
toSdally :&3O toa::«) ••v-gs. SnndaTs. 10 tr. 12. ConnnJ.
tation fref-an.) .tarrertly contMorulnl. Call.oraddzeas
P. IIOSCOK lleXUI/TY. 91. 1>.
«6'i Kenny St., »aa Francisco, CaL
Every Purchase.
MONEY-SAVING SToREb.
:iO-212 Grant A».. «Bet. Sutter «a<t Po«t>.
M>1 Market St. iOpp. I'owatU.
140 blxth St.
Ji5 Hayes St. *« Third St.
1419 Folk St. 121 Montgomery At*.
?S1< Mission St. 706 Larkln St.
IOCS Sixteenth St. 1S19 Devtaadero St.
HO Ninth -St. 47S.HaIsht St. •
20CS Fltlmoro St. SOS Mission St.
82 Market St. • TJ32 JUh St.
OAKLAND STOKES. /.
1063 'Washlnston S«- (16 E. Uth St. '¦
1237 Broadway. 1185 23d Ave. ¦
1510 Seventh St. 1355 Park St.. Alamedv
B St.. near 4tb. San Rafael.
A Big Premium Given With
.""* Great Asencai Imuomai Ta Ca.
If you want a healthy drink try Jesse Moore
"AA" whiskey.
A. B. Patrick filed a petition yesterday
In the United States District Court asking
to be discharged In bankruptcy. The hear-
ing of the matter, was set for September 1.
Discharge in Bankruptcy.
40% discount on tailor-made suits to order;. 30
days on'y; fit guart'd. U.' Sldeman. 107 Hayea.*
They bind ail kinds of books in any style.
Mysell-Rolllns. 22 Clay. •
Carl Hermann, who claims to be the
owner of the comic opera "The Begrgar
Student," has brought suit In the United
States Circuit Court against Thomas J.
Clunie and George W. Ficks of the Clunie
Opera-house in Sacramento to recover the
profits of six performances of that opera
given without the owner's permission at
the Clunie Opera-house.
Suit for Royalty.
For the Convenience of Passengers
An office has been. established in the Oak-
land Ferry Depot (on. the ground floor In
the center of the building), where passen-
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving in the transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on^ the trains. Mor-
ton Special Delivery, 403 Taylor St. and
650 Market st. . * -
The absolutely pure
jL^/Tl JV. Jl 1 vJ> Jl V/ Y Y L/l-^ I\
ROYAL— the most celebrated of all
the baking powders in the world— cele-
brated for its great leav-
ening strength and purity.
It makes your cakes,-. bis- ' ll^t^J^fe''
cuit,- bread, etc., health- S^^^nffi
ful, it assures you against |ll^^^||te " •
alum and all forms of
adulteration that go with |fPly[^[lS\^pfi
Alum baking powders are low priced, as alum costs but
two cents a pound ; but alum is a corrosive poison s>nd
\ it renders the baking powder dangerous to use in food.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.