Continued on Fifth Page.
MR8. BAXTER and child, all lost in MuU'i
store.
MRS. DUDLEY BELL, wife of a Galveston
News compositor.
WILL J. RICE, proofreader of the New3, and
child.
MRS. CLAUD J. FORDTRAN' and sister.
MISS HELEN SOMERS.
GEORGE SWEIL. mother and sister.
MRS. MICHAEL O'KKEFE and brother.
The bodies of four white persons and sev«i
colored were found In the first story of XV. J.
Reltmeyer*s residence In the morning. Relt
meyer and family were in the second story and
escaped.
MRS. J. B. TREADWELL and Infant.
MRS. C. T. CLARK and Infant.
MRS. A. LONGNECKER.
MRS EEVERIDCE and two children.
MRS. GEORGE M. SCHROEDER and four
children and the mother of United States Depu
ty Marshal Wood. Mr. Locknecker escaped
with serious injuries.
MRS. AMUNDAZON. mother of Deputy Chief
of Police Amundazon.
JOSEPH R AGILO, chairman of the Demo
cratic County Executive Committee.
CHARLES J. RUST, knocked from dray
while attempting to carry his family to a placa
of safety and killed.
JOHN R. DAVIES and wife.
Two children of Captain Ellison, one of thea
•aSaCH^a ALVESTON. Tex.. Sept.
J5r 10.— Following Is a par
£? | i i pi tial list of the dead as
*~B^ gathered by the News.
It was sent by a tug to
Houston:
STANDLEY G. SPENCER, steamship agent.
CHARLKS L. KELLER SR., a prominent
cotton man.
RICHARD LORD, traffic manager for George
McFadtlen & Bros., cotton exporters.
XV. L. DALY, agent tor Charles Ortwein &
Co. grain exporters and steamxhip agents.
RICHARD JOHNSON, struck by flying tim
bers ami instantly killed.
ALFRED DAY.
MISS MABEL STICKLOCH. Mechanic street.
Nephew of M. S. Shaw.
Seven members of the WVnsmore family, re
siding in thp East End. One member of the
family, an old man. was saved.
MRP. J. W. WENMAN and two children.
MRS. JACK DELAN'KY, wire of the ITnlted
States Bridge Officer of the port, and two
children. ,
Spanish sailor of the steamship Telesfora.
The Telesfora went adrtft and struck the
"Whitehall at ple.r 13. Timbers of the crain
elevator fell on the sailor and pinned him to
the dock.
MR. MAGIA, grocer. Eleventh street and
avenue A: two daughters and a son.
t MISS IDA SCOFIELD.
AH the Occmpamts of Some Build-
Ings Perish and Their Bodies
Carried Away Amid the Swirl-
Ing Debris.
PARTIAL LIST OF THE
VICTIMS OF DISASTER
with unabated fury and the roar of the!
wind was accompanied by the sound of
cra«=hinsr glass as one after another many
Windows were torn from their fastenings
and shattered upon the sidewalk below.
Sortlon after section of the tin roof was
roiu-d up like sheets of parchment and
hurled hundreds of feet away. To add to
th-> terror and confusion the electric light?
suddenly went out and the building was
left In total darkness. The roof of the
Grand Central Hotel was torn off, many
of its inmates rushing into the street.
Almost simultaneously a wail went up
from the people In the Lawler House, as
the big skylifrht on the top broke loose
and fell trashing down the shaft.
"Soon above the roar of the wind and
the crashing of glass was ho;»r<l the sound
of tailing brlrk. Every one realized the
prnvlty of the situation, but no one made
a sound. There was no shrieking, no
faint ins. Many women were there and
they stood the ordeal with such fortitude
ns to lend courage to pvien the faintest
hearted man. Suddenly the sound ceased
and the lower story of the depot, whore
all had again refuge, remained intact.
An inspection in the morning, however,
revealed the fact that it was badly shaken
and greatly damaged.
"As my train left Houston after day
light, nine hours late, nothing had been
learned as to tho havoc of the storm in
other parts of the city. Along the road
north of Houston scenes of devastation
and distress were witnessed. Buildings
had been torn down and the material of
which they were built was scattered over
the ground for miles. Trees had been
pul ed up by their roots and denuded of
their branches. Fields that had been
smiling the day before with all the great
fertility of this record-breaking year
were bare, tho plants having been grasped
by the hurricane and scattered far and
wide Hundreds of head of cattle and
been killed. They enn be no question that
the lops of life had been something ap
palling. At least 40 per cent of the
structures in the towns of Ilockley, Cy
press and Waller have been totally de
stoyed. Hearne was damaged somewhat,
but I do not regard the situation there
comparatively speaking, as serious."
.¦'.•:¦:• :¦¦¦.:¦ — — • .
EXAGGERATED ESTIMATES
OF THE LOSS OF LIFE
DALLAS. Tex., Sept. 10.— Houston an-1
Texas Central Railroad officials at noon
received bulletins from their general of
fices in Houston that the loss of life will
roach ¦ 3<>00 in Galveston. The Missouri.
Kansas and Texas relief forces near Gal
veston and along the coast telegraphed
at noon that the loss of life will not be
l«iFS than 0000 and may reach 10,000.
__ .
COLORADO CONTRIBUTES.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. Sept. 10.—
At a meeting to-night, called by Mayor
Robinson, a draft for $2000 was ordered
sent to Governor Sayers of Texas, to be
used to relieve the storm sufferers."
CHICAGO, Sopt. W.— The following statement of the situation at Galveston and along the coast was received to nie-hr
"DALLAS. Sept. lO.-Charies S. Diehl. General Manager Associated Press. Chicago: From the lac, ?™.',
IPhich are considered reliable, the disaster at Galveston and along the coast has not been exaggerated The waZ, t
the gulf and bay met. covering the Island to a depth of six to twelve feet. During the sudden flood 'a mo«t tprriw
norm was raging, the wind blowing about eighty miles an hour. Many of the dead have been uncovered- ntw«
still under the debris; others carried out to sea. It is not possible to give at this time a reliable report as to" the Z?rJ£*
of deaths. From estimates made by reliable person?, who have Just come fro/n Galveston. It is believed that notw ?T
1500. and possibly as many as a'»<0 people were drowned. Of course th* wounSed are numerous The dimiiro in nr ? «
rnoM shocking. Some of th* beet public buildings and private establishments were wrecked" Thou«nnds nf h y
swept entirely away. It is quite safe to sot this down as one of the greatest disasters that has ever S vis! hS^SSS^^
States. The lots of property is irreparable; the loss of life is appalling. Usited the Lnited
"G. B. DEALT. Manager Dallas News."
NIGHT OF TERROR
SPENT IN A TEXAS
RAILROAD DEPOT
DVL.LJU*. i".t.. pepu w.— xne nrsi train
from Houston arrived at Dallas la^t
night aver the Houston And Dallas
Central. It left Houston yesterday
;: ¦ :"i a. m. and arrived here practically
':< -u »i--urs late. Wh'-n It left the Riutli
JVxii* city was desolate and devastated.
!uii<Mn&> bad been wrecked: roots had
-<?rn icrn off nnd hurled hundreds of feet
hroufiii ih<- air. The electric light plant
-.:'.rj been demolished «'m<l all night long
he rity li.'i'l l>»*' - n In darkness. I'pon this
ruin F. T. Woodward and J. L. A.
: : mas. both of Dallas, wore pa.-sengers.
!"i« fr.rTT.ijr spoul a thrilling and momor
ifcjp nf£til in the <*r.an<l Central station.
':.• frr;ii>hf.I the following graphic de
•¦:»iinn of_his experience:
"At jihout S:3o p. m. the wind, which for
ieveraj hours had r.eon Wowing at a
itti'dy K.»:t. Increased in violence and sipn
>'.nr<is aa'd nwr.ings wore torn from the-ir
inr.Siiyrs an«l whirls through tho air
Ike chaff. in company with about 150
Opera I was in thp Grand. Central depot,
tf < )i, standing Isolated, was exposed to
7' full Tor^fi of the hurricane and th»
Irst strong srust ini followed by a sound
;f shattering BlftFS.
"This was the beginning of a night of
.error. For seven hours the storm raced
ESTIMATES THAT PLACE THE LOSS
OE LIFE AT FROM 15OO TO 5OOO
AUSTIN. Tex.. Sept. 10.— When asked to-night by a representative of the Associated Press for an expression as to the
f.r.od fituation along the gulf coast. Governor Savers said: "I think it la the. most deplorable catastrophe in the
hiFtory of America, and I feel that every possible a»l should be lent tlio sufferers in their hour of great need. From
information received here I am led to think .that hundreds of families have cither lost their dear onos or been be
reft of thr-ir homes, and the case is one that will certainly appeal to every one. I havt- taken active steps to raise
relief for every one that can possibly be looked after. I have wired to all tho City Mayors and the County Judges
asking them u> secure aJl funds and provisions possible, and their replies to-night are very gratifying: The assistance
lent us by thr- Federal Government in the way of 50.000 rations and IOxi tents will add not "a little in aiding the situation
at pr'Ffv.t. Tho f, r pt duty, of course, will be to look after the living, thus.- thirstinp nr hungry, without Hthor water or
palatable food to out; but I think within a day or two wr- will have the relief corps working in good order. I will give
the matter my personal supervision and am conn-lent that we will sc-o to it that everybody Is looked after It will re
quire considerable money, however, to do all this. I have located several assistants and the Adjutant General is near
the scene of action, and they will ixrsonaJIy supervise the distribution. whil«> I remain here to answer all Inquiries."
"Such a night of agony has seldom been equaled. Without apparent reason
the water beean to subside at 1:45 a. m. Within two minutes it had gone
down two feet and before da'ylight the streets were practically freed of the
flood waters. In the meantime the wind had veered to the southeast. Very few
if any buildings escaped injury. There is hardly a habitable dry house in the
city. When the people who had escaped death went out at daylight to view
the work of the tempest and the floods they saw the. most horrible sight im
aginable. In the three blocks from avenue N to avenue P, on Tremont street. I
saw eight bodies. Four corpses were In one yard.
"Tht- whole of the business front for three blocks in from the gulf was
stripped of every vestige of habitation, the dwellings, the great bathing estab
lishments, the Olympla and every structure having been either carried out to
sea or Its ruins piled In a pyramid far into the town, according to the vagaries
of the tempest. *
FEW BUILDINGS ESCAPE INJURY.
"About noon It became evident that the city was going to be visited with
disaster. Hundreds of residences along the beach front were hurriedly aban
doned, the families fleeing to dwellings In higher portions of the city. Every
home was opened to the refugees, black or white. The wind was rising con
stantly and rain fell in torrents. The wind was so fierce that the rain cut like a
knife. By 3 o'clock the waters of the gulf and bay met and by dark the entire
city was submerged. The flooding of the electric light plant and the gas planis
left the city In darkness. To go out Into the streets was to court death. The
wind was then at cyclonic velocity. Roofs, cisterns, portions of buildings, tele
graph poles and walls were falling and the noise of the wind and the crashing
of the buildings was terrifying In the extreme. The wind and waters rose stead
ily from dark until "1:45 o'clock Sunday morning. During all this time the people
of Galveston were like rats In traps. The highest portion of the city was four
to five feet under water, while in the great majority of ease.* the streets were
submerged to a depth of ten feet. To'leave a house was to drown. To remain
was to court death in the wreckage. . . , \
HUNDREDS OF RESIDENCES ABANDONED.
gHUijujyjIHl m.i*jjm Ot'STON, Texas, Sept. 10. — Richard Splllane, a well-known
j2j ffi ¦ Galveston newspapvr man and day correspondent' of the As
* BcSXKlSS;* j seriated Press In that city, who reached Houston to-day
I J^! after a terrible experience, gives the following account of the
BfiMMa ' HrlWWWM disaster at Galveaion':
"One of the most awful tragedies of modern times has visited Galveston?
The city is in ruins and the dead will probably number a thousand. I am just
from the city, having been commissioned by the Mayor and citizens' committee to
get In touch with the outside world and appeal for help. Houston was the near
est point at which working telegraph instruments could be found, the v»lres as
well as nearly all the buildings between here and the Gulf of Mexico being
wrecked.
"When I left Galveston shortly before noon yesterday the people were or
ganizing for the prompt burial of the dead, distribution of food and all the nec
essary work ofter a period of disaster. The wreck of Galve&ton was brought
about by a tempest so terrlDlo that no words can adequately describe Its intensity
and by a flood which turned .e city Into a raging sea. The Weather Bureau
records show that the wind attained a velocity of eighty-four miles an hour
when the measuring instrument blew away, so It is impossible to tell what the
maximum was.
"The storm began about 2 o'clock Saturday morning. Previous .to that a
great storm had been raging in the gulf and the tide was very high. The wind
at first came from the north and was in direct opposition to the force from the
gulf. While the storm in the gulf piled the water upon the beach side of the
city the north wind piled the water from the bay on the bay part of the city.
Richard SpIHamie, the Correspoedeirat,
Gives a Thrill Itag Aceouiinit of ' the
Disaster amd Says the Dead
Will Number a ¦ Thousand. ¦
DARKNESS ADDS TO
HORRORS AT GALVESTON
VIEWS IX GALVESTON AND MAP SKOTVIXG THE LOCATION' OP
THE CITY ON THE ISLAND, AT THE MOUTH OF THE BAY.
Galveston stands on the eastern end of a low, narrow, sandy island thirty
mllrs Ions, which .has been built up by surf and marine currents as a sort of
bre.-ikwatcr at the mouth of Galveston Bay. which is an inlet of the (Julf of
Mexico, thirty-flvo miles Ions and fifteen wide, with about sixteen feet of
water normally on the bar. The Island is not over throe fe^t above the sea
level on the average and nowhere over eight feet highland inundations from
both the sea and bay have occurred several times before, though happiiy
with little loss of life or property. A strong 1 wind either from the east or
northwest drives the water up into the streets, which, fronv the nature of
the place, are not much elevated. Two viaducts some three miles Ions carry
railroads which connect the Island city with the continental systems. Gal
veston In 1S0O had a population of about 30,000, which has Increased since to
some 3S.0O0.
MOST DEPLORABLE CATASTROPHE
IN THE HISTORY OF AMERICA
WASHINGTON. D. C. Sept. IO. — Miss Clara Barton to-night issued the following appeal in bahalf
of the Texas sufferers:
"The National Bed Cross at Washington, Df C, is appealed to on all sides for help and
for the privileg-e to help in the terrible disaster which has befallen Southern and Central Texas. It re
members the floods of Ohio and Mississippi, of Johnstown and of Port R-cyal, with their thousands of
dead and months of suffering and needed relief, and turns confidently to the people of the United
States, whoss sympathy has never failed to help provide the relief that is asked of it now/Nineteen years
)f experience on nearly as many fields renders the obligations of the Red Cross all the greater. The peo
ple have long learned its vrorth and it must again open its accustomed avenues for their charities. It
does not beseech to give, for their sympathies are as deep and their humanity as great as its own, but
it pledges them faithful, old-time Red Cross relief work among the stricken victims of these terrible
fields of suffering and death. He gives twice who gives quickly. Contributions may be wired or sent
by mail to our treasurer, William J. Flather, assistant cashier Riggs National Bank, Washington, D. C.J
also to the local Red Cross committees of the Red Cross India famine fund at 156 Fifth avenue, New
York City, and the Louisiana Red Cross Society of New Orleans, bath of whom will report all dona
tions for immediate acknowledgment by us. CLARA BARTON,
President American National Red Cross.
RED CROSS WORKERS
TO HELP AFFLICTED
Governor Savers appealed to President McKinley for aid. This appeal was met by a
prompt response from the President, who stated that 1000 tents and 50,000 rations had been or
dered to Galveston. Governor Savers also addressed an appeal to each municipality in the State
asking- for prompt assistance in caring for the sufferers.
Telegrams of inquiry and help have been pouring in throughout the day and night from
every State in the Union and in almost every instance substantial relief has been offered.
The stricken city is in imminent danger of a water famine and strenuous efforts are being
made here to supply the sufferer?. Relief trains are being organized and will leave here at an early
hour to-morrow.
Reports from the interior confirm the loss of life and destruction .of property reported in
these dispatches last night.
The burial of the dead has already begun. The list of the dead as given to the Associated
Press to-night by the Galveston News is only a partial one and the names of all who perished in
Saturday's great storm will never be known.
At the army barracks near San Antonio a report is current that more than 100 United
States soldiers lost their lives in Galveston. The report, however, lacks confirmation.
To-day a mass-meeting was held and liberal contributions were made for the immediate re
lief of the destitute.
I 'in^-HHl Mlfc/m OUSTOX, Tex., Sept. io. — The first reports from the appalling;: disaster which
; murwrari | j ias stricken the city of Galveston do not seem to have been magnified. Com-
E^^H mud&tm niunication was had with the island city to-day by boats and reports received here
to-night indicate that the death list will exceed 1500, while the property loss cannot be estimated,
although it will reach several million dollars.
Prompt Responses to the Appeal Sent
Out fey the Governor of Texas—Con
servative Estimates Place the Nlum
ber of Dead at 15©© aedl the Property
Loss Will Riao Up let© the MSIMoms.
EVERY STATE IN THE UNION READY TO
AID SUFFERERS OF GALYESTON DISASTER
VOLUME I.XXXVIII— NO. 103.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDA^, SEPTEMBER 11, 1900.
Continued on Fifth Pajr*.
The San Francisco Call.THERE has been no better parade
seen in San Francisco than that
which trod the streets yesterday.
It was long and It was new and
good, and there was a tremendous
crowd to cheer It on its way.
FIRST.
SOLDIERS and sailors, regular and
militia, headed by the band of the old
First California A'olunteers, made up
the First Division. The band dressed in
khaki uniforms and campaign hats,
brought memories of the days when the
regiment suiled away and when it re
turned, and the cheers that greeted It
had more than the sound of voices in
them. The division was made up of the
regular soldiers from the Presidio, the
regular sailors from the Pensacola and
Iowa, the Governor and his staff, Major
General Shafter and his staff, Major Gen
eral Dickinson and his staff, Rear Ad
miral Kautz and his staff and the Second
Brigade. N. G. C. and the naval militia
of California, It was an imposing dis
play.
SECOND.
THE second division, led by Marshal
George H. Pippy, swung into line im
mediately behind the carriages which
contained Mayor Phelan and the mu
nicipal officers. Their leader, mounted on
a superb black horse anil attired in mili
tary uniform, made a striking figure.
Colonel Pippy and his aids. Colonel A. S.
Hubbard and F. Rust, gathered thfir
forces together in true military style and
when the carriages had passed Steuart
street the division swung into line with
out a break. The division was made up
of civic and military societies and made a
splendid appearance.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein. In
command of Captain J. Thode, marched
to the stirring strains or Prep's concert
band. The members of the German or
ganization won approval all along the
line of march for their soldierly bearing
and handsome uniforms. They were at
tired in gray suits and on their breasts
glittered myriads of medals won at the
rifle butts. There were more than 200 in
line. Following In their wake was Blum's
band, which discoursed enlivening music
for the Marshall Society of California
Pioneers. At the head of the musicians
was Colonel Dixie Thompson and his (am.
ous horse. The famous Southern Califor
nian millionaire was mounted on a steed
which was caparisoned in a manner which
would befit a monarch of any kingdom.
The horse was groomed until his silken
coat shone with luster and made a beau
tiful background for tne costly silver
trappings. Even its. dancing hoofs were
plated with silver in harmony with the
shining saddle and bridle. Colonel
Thompson made a striking figure and
was vigorously applauded. His magnifi
cent steed seemed to appreciate that It
was on parade and pirouetted with the
grace of a coryphee. For blocks Its rider
other Native Sons who fought in the Phil
ippines were in the van. The First Reg
iment band was received all along the
line with cheers, as were also the First
Regiment, N. G. C, and the Army and
Navy Parlor.
The bursting of bombs and shrieking of
whistles marked the start of the parade.
The myriads of people caught the Infec
tion and cheered until voices were hoarse
and throats were sore and flags and
handkerchiefs fluttered from every side In
enthusiastic greeting to tie men in line.
The parade swung into Montgomery
street and up Montgomery avenue to
Kearny street and then back to" Market,
while the crowd farther up waited ex
pectantly.
As the head of the line emerged again
into Market street the thousands gathered
at that center sent up a welcoming shout
that grew to tremendous volume.
For nearly an hour the spectators there
saw swinging !nto the main thoroughfare
body after body of troops until there
seerm" nothing but soldier? and sailors.
Red plumed artillerymen sat on their
horses or perched on caissons with the
ease of the regulars. Clean limbed
marines and sturdy Jack Tars from the
Iowa and the Philadelphia swung along
In the wake of the clattering artillery and
down the street behind them sounded thi» i
hoofbeats of cavalry horses. Three regi
ments of infantry, a battalion of cadets
from the University, the popular naval
malitia with a strong stride and perfc.et
alignment that evoked cheers all along
the line of march, followed the regulars..
Bugle calls and the hoarse shouted orders
of officers rose above the tramp of men
and horses. The war spirit seemed to be
abroad again, and General Shatter in his
carriage was given an ovation while civic
officers of State and city were ailowed to
pass almost unnoticed.
With the second division came a change
in the character of the parade. Pioneers
who were here before California was a
baby were followed by Mexican veterans
who fought a dozen battles. Exempt fire
men, who once guarded the cradle of the
Infant California, marched in line with
astonishing vigor: only a few were com
pelled by Infirmity to ride in carriages.
Another turn of the kaleidoscope and
there were set on the smooth surface of
the street bright groups of school child
ren, a boys' brigade and a girls' brigade.
More veteran firemen followed, as if to
make the contrasts as strong as possible.
and infantry regiments marched to their
!T is a great thing to belong to the
sisterhood of States and to have
rounded a half century. For that
2T..000 sturdy sons of California
marched in parade yesterday in
bright uniforms and with banners
afluttc r. while 250.090 of her loyal people
thronged the line of march, eager to see
the gay pageant, the glorious tribute to
the fairest of States, prepared by the
bravest of sons.
Prom 10 until 3 o'clock the stream of
soldiery. Native Rons' parlors, floats, car
riages with dignitaries and fraternal so
cieties moved steadily along, marching
eivI countermarching, while the vast as-
Femhlage of spectators clung to points of
vantage, not willing to miss seeing even
the ragged end of the miles-long line of
marching men.
The occasion was great and the
demonstration was worthy of it.
Never before in her history has San
Francisco had within its limits so many
people, and of all the residents and visit
ing thousands few Indeed failed to see the
parade in its entirety. California has
reached her semi-centennial, and the
crownine fraturo of the great celebration
In honor of the event so far surpassed
any pageant ever (rtUiessed in San Fran
daoo that comparison with former ones
give* no conception of the maRnitudc of
this.
San Francisco got t:p early yesterday
morning, and hours before the" time get
for the parade to start ix?op!e were crowd
ing toward Market street. At 'j o'clock
they bepan to take up positions from
which the parade could be seen to advan
tage. Hurrying through the crowd were
Native Sons in the uniform of their par
lors, hastening toward the appointed
meeting place to form for the parade.
Clad in white duck or wearing broad som
breros, gorgeous .-ashes or the regalia of
the order, they gave presage of the spec
tacle that was preparing.
Soon parlors in marching formation br
fan to appear along the Ei<3e streets and
thread their way toward tlio water front
to take the places assigned to them. Jia"
rlnes and sailors from the Philadelphia
and the Iowa came ashore an«l tramped
elong East street with the sturdy swing
that makes the American regulars,
whether liolOiers or sailors, seem Irresist
ible. Batteries of artillery from the Pre
sidio, yellow-plumed cavalry of the Na
tional <Juard, sailors of the Naval Militia
places on East street in rapid succession
and in numbers to make it seem that the
parade was to be one of the military
alone. But neatly uniformed Native Sons'
parlors, floats carrying bevies of Native
Daughters in fleecy white dresses and
Red Men in costume were to be seen
down the vista of every side street.
As the hour of 10 approached the throng
augmented with startling rapidity. Along
the wire ropes stretched by the police to
keep the streets in the line of march
clear the populace gathered a dozen deep.
At each cros3 street the line of people
knotted into a mass that practically
stopped progress in any direction. Faces
began to show at windows and men,
women and children appeared on roofs,
took their places on window ledges and
scrambled to choice seats on fire escapes
and the iron girders of unfinished build
ings. Long before the time for the pa
rade lo start buildings along Market,
Montgomery and Kearny streets showed
pjrti-eblored groups at every window and
the people on roofs and ledgc-s clustered
as thick as flics. Far back from the line
of march, on roofs and at windows half
a block away, wherever a view of a por
tion of rope-guarded street could be had,
there spectators gathered.
The morning was cool and the crowd
Tvaiteil patiently and li: pood humor for
the pageant that was to make its holiday.
There was jostling, plenty of It, but the
crowd displayed only the good-natured
carnival spirit of "take what comes."
Shortly before 10 o'clock a hush of ex
pectancy fell on the throng. It was as if
the crowded city held its breath. On
Kast street. Just south of Market, Grand
Marshal Costello sat on his black charger,
a hundred resplendent aids about him. At
the time set, to a minute, the roar of a
bursting bomb gave signal, the grand
marshal raised his baton, a bugler sound
ed "attention" and "forward, -march!"
The First Regiment band, clad in the
khaki suits of their Philippine campaign,
took up the strains of a spirited march
and the parade was on.
The start was good, but the parade
moved fifty feet and was blocked by a
regiment of militia marching down Mar
ket street, late to place. The delay was
short, however, and once under way there
were very few tiresome stops. The pro
cession for the most part moved steadily
on. showing an ever-changing view to
tho spectators.
Native Sons who. furnished music to
PAGEANT IN HONOR OF THE STATE'S SEMI-CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY FAR SURPASSES
ANY EVER SEEN IN THE STREETS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
VIEW OK THE PROCESSION PASSING THE CAUL BUILDING.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER II, 1900.
PROUD PARADERS MARCH TO MUSIC
attired In their red shirt*, black helmet*
and dark trousers and presented a smart
appearance. As they marched they held
a long rope which was attached to a small
handpower machine, which was built in
New York in 1820 and which was usei
with great success in the early days of
California statehood. A bu?hy fox tail
pointing skyward was secured to the han
dle of the fire extinguisher and the Ini
tiated smiled Inwardly and commented on
the wild races to fires in the early days
to win the precious trophy. An old hose
cart was drawn through the streets by
sons of the veterans and Immediately
behind them came the handsome Exempt
engine called the double-decker, drawn by
four powerful white horses. A number
of carriages containing disabled members
of the old and the new Fire Departments
were next in line and. then came the San j
Francisco Department's turnout. First
came about fifty members of the depart
ment, headed by Second Assistant Crne-
P. H. Shaughnessy. The men were dressed
in their neat blue uniforms and caps and
marched with all the pride that they feel
in being members of one of the best de
partments in the world. Close behind
them in carriages were Fire Commission,
ers Kolla V. Watt. John H. Grady. James
C. McKlnstry and M. H. H^M. Chief
Dennis T. Sullivan. Assistant Chief John
Dougherty and other »l«- fl S hter t l- .J""?*"
diately behind the chiefs were their bun
gles, driven by their operatives so that
in the event of a fire they could I?* 1 "" 1 *
depart for the scene of danger. The a
came the modern apparatus which Is i sa a
to be equal to if not better than an> In
the world. No. 4 engine, drawn by three
handsome horses and with ribbons
was next in line and behind I it
came Its hose cart with every iwbW
of the company at his station. A chemi
cal engine, the marvelous water wwer
the powerful water battery, which is not
unlike a gatling gun in aPPf aranc , e ' fo1 ;
lowed and gave a splendid illustration of
how the department has Improved alnce
the days when the boys ran with the old
machine.
FOTTRTH.
THE fourth division, commanded by
Marshal George 3. Miehllng. con
tained numerous Interesting fe^
tures. As aid3 the marshal had Eth"
Summers. Ida Ineerman and Hugh Sum-
To Cure a Cold in One Day-
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drupsrists refund the money if it fails to cure.
CJQ*. Grove" a signature 1» on each box. tSc. •
made him walk backward in- perfect time
to music or waltz with the ease of a ball
room belle. As aids Colonel Thompson
had Robert R. Russ and Charles F.
O'Cunningham. Following' close behind
the band were more than a hundred car
riages containing Pioneers of California.
The venerable survivors of the historic
occasion when California was admitted
into the Union gazed with pleasure at the
grand celebration of the anniversary of
the birth of a State of which they were
the founders. As the carriages which
bore the gray-haired men through the
crowded thoroughfares moved In stately
procession the spectators cheered the
Pioneers to the echo. Each vehicle con
tained four members of the society and
was decorated with bear and national
flags.
Veterans of the Mexican War were also
in carriages, but their fast thinning ranks
were feebly represented. Captain Jack
Crawford, the poet scout and former
chef of scouts in the United States array
led the immigrant train with its attend
ant scouts and packers and pack mules.
This part of the division was a pleasing
feature of the parade. The red shirts of
the scouts and packers, the easy manner
in which they rode their cayuses and
J, ' * the , P , aCk mules laden w »th sup
plies and mining tools and the weapons
of protection which hung loosely in
heavy belts gave the train an air of real
ism Captain Crawford was dressed in
fanciful trapper's costume and* his lone
hair was surmounted by a sombrero
which rested jauntily on his head The
horseback in modern riding costumes had
a tendency to spoil the allusion that the
immigrant train was the real article and
not a representation of the mode of travel
In the days of gold.
'"THE third division proved one of the
1 most Interesting of the entire pro
cession.' It contained members of
the Exempt Fire Department {fnd the
local and more modern fire laddies ami
apparatus. Marshal Henry Llchenstein
and his aids, William G. Bader. Charles
Kimball, August Ilardes and W. S. Smith,
were in charge. Mieunl's military band
led the van. The Exempt Fire Company
of San Francisco, of which ex-Fi~e Com
missioner George T. Bohen is president,
turned out In large numbers. They were
The spectators united to do honor to the
grand officers of the Native Sons, who
rode in carriages. Following them came
parlor after parlor of the order, in the
nature of the celebration a chief feature
in the parade. Each parlor had its quota
of particular friends here ana there along
the line who cheered them as they passed
orbantertd them good naturedly, and the
"fat boys" and "Bills" and "Toms" were
butts for many a witty shaft.
Of all the parlors,. Ramona No. 109 of
Los Angeles attracted most attention.
They wore the dress of the early Spanish
settlers, -with handsome sombreros, and
were mounted. Fresno Parlor No. 23 also
wore sombreros. The red coats, white
braided, of Piedmont Parlor, lent brilliant
color to that division, as did also the yel
low lapels of the black coats of Stockton
Parlor No. 7. Halcyon Parlor No. 14G had
one of the neatest uniforms seen in ths
parade.
The various parlors of Native Daughters
were greeted with cheers throughout the
march. The white dresses of the members
of La Estrella Parlor and the snowy
whiteness of their emblem made one of
the prettiest pictures of the pageant.
The parade was so long that people
grew tired and ill humored and then got
over It and again entered Into the spirit
of. the occasion before it passed. It is
estimated that 25,0*30 persons were in line.
Three hours and a half were required lo
pass a given point.
As the last features of the procession
wended past the mass of spectators disln
torgrated and in five minutes .every strett
tributary to Market held a throng ot
people that gave striking proof of the Im
mensity of the crowd that saw the parade.
? .
PARADE DIVISIONS
AS THEY PASSED
2The section occupied by Bakersllold No.
42 was one of the most interesting in the
parade. The float represented quartz min
ing with all the requisite machinery and
was cleverly constructed by several of
the members. Two little live bears and a
goat attached to a tiny wagon concluded
iip-kersfield's contribution. Madera Par
'lor came next, accompanied by a live
bear which held supreme away on a float.
One hundred members of Fresno No. 25,
heralded by the Raisin City Band, made
a fine showing attired In white shirt
waists and trousers, red sashes and
sombreros. One enthusiastic member
wore a sombrero as big an a circus tent
on his brain center and did not appear
to mind tho load. The Mexican dress
added largely to the gayety manifested
by the Tenth Division.
"The delegation had as a mascot Fulton
G. Berry, the well-known vinoyardist and
capitalist, dressed in the caballero cos
tume. Henry Avila. J. B. Johnson,
Harry Burton, Charles Behrens, Dr. A.
B. Ii. Cowan, P. A. Roman, E, F. Bern :
hard and S. J. Ashman were among
those who walked with tho parlor.
ELEVENTH.
fj-* HE Eleventh Division was com
| posed mainly of Santa Clara
-•¦ County parlors and a large repre
sentation from the prune bolt was In line.
j. n. Ross was marshal and his aids wore
Homer Prindle. George Bollinger, H. \V.
McComas, J. M. Shilue and John E. Ma
loney. The Pioneers of Santa Clara led
the van in a carry-all and were followed
by a beautiful float in tho form of a shell
drawn by two gigantic swans. In the
shell wero twenty native daughters of
San Jose No. 81, N. D. G. W., costumed
to represent various mythological charac
ters. The swans were held securely by
reins in tho hands of a "Marine Amazon,
who j?uld<d them with great care. The
float was drawn by four flne black horses.
After Palo Alto No. 82 came another
float In the shape of an immense pyra
mid and composed of fruits, wines and
olive oil contributed by merchants, pack
ers and the Quito farm. On each side of
tho pyramli was shown in letters -made
THE Tenth Division was under the
supervision of Marshal Henry
F"aure, who had P. II. Krone and
John J. White as his aids. To the
stirring strains of patriotic airs played
by the Third Artillery Band marched Pa
cific Parlor No. 10, whose 150 members
looked decidedly swell in their white mil
itary uniformsttiecorated with gold braid
galcre. The parlor was preceded by an
automobile covered with a mass of Ilow
ers and evergreens and was enthusiastic
ally cheered as it wended its way along
the lino of march. Among the members
in tho parade wore John F. Cannon, E.
A. (iroezinger, George Cavanaugh, George
Stangenberger, f. A. Scho-enwald, Wil
liam G. 1'cnnycook, T. P. Martin and C.
E. Bingley. ~ ; ¦
TENTH.
shaled by W. H. Hosmer, with W. E.
O'Connor and F. B. Boone as aids,, all
mounted. The officers who marched
were: W. H. Knowles, past president;
F. A. Eckstrom. president; J. W. Perry,
first vice president; A. W. Atwood, sec
ond vice president; O. von Detten. third
vice president; A. J. Turner, recording
secretary; James H. Sharon, financial
secretary; W. C. Neumlller, treasurer;
Silver Rossi, outside sentinel; W. S. Hick
man, lnsltle sentinel. ,
Vlsalia No. 19 came next with forty
members, followed by Yosemite No. 24,
the members of which looked very natty
in white duck pants, double-breasted
blue coats and white Fedoras. Los Ba
nos No. 206,* Sierra No. 85, Georgetown
No. 91 and Downleville No. 92 wound up
the division.
"Fred Suhr Jr. was marshal of this di
vision and Deputy Superintendent of
Schools E» S. Howard and ' James J. Mi
ley were aids. Golden Gate Parlor No.
29 followed with a pleasing costume, and
each member carried red fi whlte and blue
pampas plumes. Among the members
\vho lent * their presence to Jh© parado
stituted the prettiest feature of the
thirteenth 7 division, j They were seated in
a float to the number of twenty-five. and
were attired In white gowns of a delicate
texture, with black belts and black trim
mings. White straw hats trimmed with
black bands completed the picture, which
was a pleasant one to look upon. A little
Miss on horseback chaperoned the; merry
party in the float, and her horsemanship
was a thinp to be admired.
¦' THIRTEENTH.
THE ladies of Golden State Parlor
No. 50, N. D. G. _W.,.were a sym
phony of pink anrl white and con-
Judge F. M. Antrellotti, the charter presi
dent, and Sabrado Pacheco are the first names
that appear on the parlor charter. Past presi
dent, J. Emmet Hayden; president. C. M. I>uf
ficy; first vice president. E. J. Connell; second
vice prt-fident, D. J. Haley; third vice presi
dent, Harry B. Hock: recordinR secretary
W. F. -Maijee;- treasurer, A. N. Boyen: finan
cial secretary, George Murray; marshal, Ste
phen Richardson; trustees— L,; Smith, S. Her
zob and Stephen Eden; W. S. Dreypolcher, A.
F t Scott Louis Hughes and W. J. Eden; past
rfesidents— W. F. Magee. George Murray,
Thomas J. Fallen. Fred Hotter. Harry Smith.
Louis Hughes, George K. Herzog, Bert Davis
and Thomas P. Boyd.
Nlcasio No. 183 Arrowhead No, 110, Ca
brillo No. 114 and Santa Barbara made a
creditable showing and finished one of
the most ¦ pleasing divisions of the long
parade.
In this division was Mount Tamalpais
Parlor No. C4, at the head of which rode
Stephen Richardson, who was born in
1R31 and is the oldest Native Son in the
ordor to-day. The parlor's banner was
carried on a pretty stand drawn by four
boys dressed as Turks. Some of the
members who paraded were:
Santa Rosa, 2S— Messrs. I-.. W. Jullllard, P.
K. IJowd. C. O. Diinbar and J. F. Stanley.
Petaluma. Bear Flag, 27 — Frank A. Costello.
A. W. Horweiee,' (J. W. Edelman and F. A.
Meyer. HealdPbRru. Potoyome, 6S— Dr. J. T.
O'Connor, K. W. SkaKKs, G. H. Ferguson and
O. H. Halgh. Glon Bllen. 1C2— Robert P. Hill,
C. J. l'oppe and C. II. W. Bruins. Sonoma,
111— Benjamin Wood, L H. Green. Julius Poppe
and Frank Burns. Altamont, 1C7-F. F. Wil
liamson, Nelson Drasro and Herbert Meeker.
TWELFTH.
THE twelfth division wan largely de
voted to the parlors of Sonoma
County, including Bear Flag No. 27,
Sotoyome No. 6S, Santa Rosa No.
2S, Glen Ellen No. 102, Sonoma No. Ill and
Altamont No. 167. The distinguishing
.feature of the costumes worn by the
members were the huge yellow sashes
that enclrcled^their waists. The marshal
was George I. White; aids, I. Iverson and
Charles Kirsch. As distinguished guests
the parlors named had with them in tho
parade James McChristian, a survivor of
the Bear Flag party, and W. H. Graves
of the Donner party. Among the mem
bers who were ir. lino were the following:
Menlo Xo. 185 presented a gorgeous ban
ner and stand which w:is buried in a
profusion of cut ilowers and drawn by
four of the stronprest members. The
Santa Cruz County parlors turned out 100
men and their appearance earned many
compliments. Other parlors in this di
vision were Observatory No. 177, Red
wood No. 68, Watsonville No. 65, Santa
Cruz No. 90. Courtland No. 100. San Jose
Xo. 22. Seaside Xo. 95 and San Matee
No. 23.
of the various products the legend:
"Santa Clara County Leads the World."
an interesting display. They were:
Iioa Angeles No. 15, Rawoaa No, m,
rr^HE parlors of the Southern section,
¦'I' which composed the greater portion
JL ¦' of the ' seventeenth division, made
SEVENTEENTH.
charge, j Dressed In bright yek
low costume the Minerva Parlor No. 2,
Native Daughters, seated In rockaways,
made a neat appearance and certainly de
served the happy comments and compli
ments paid them all along the route. Then
La Estrella Parlor with its novel ami
magnificent float caused the people on the
sidewalk and at the windows to say all
sorts of pretty things of the handsome
Dirticinants. Twenty-lwo oi the Daugh
ters dressed in the daintiest of white or
trandie circled around a beautiful star of
nure white and silver, supporting it with
long white ribbons.. The neatness of tho
design brought liberal applause for the
fa i r ita No 0 "' Copa de Ora No. 105, Darina
No 114 of the Daughters. Yosemite No. 83
and EHapoma-No. .55 completed the divi
sion A large float representing Yosemite
Fall's around which were seated pretty
members of the order, gave the section a
fitting end.
WJ. ANDREWS, who marshaled
the sixteenth division, hatl
• cause to feel proud of his*
SIXTEENTH.
FIFTEENTH.-
THE valley counties were well
bunched in the fifteenth division.
Ujider the direction of Frank A.
Brown, Solano No. 39, Dlxon No. 60,
Napa No. 62, St. Helena No. 53, Vallejo No
77 Calistoga Xo. 86, Hornitoa Xo. 13S, Oak
dale No. 142 and Rio Vista Xo. 199, marched
to the strains of a 'strong band. Eschol
Parlor No. 16 of Native Daughters in
among them looked very pretty. The
young ladies had poppies strung about
them and the vehicle in which they were
seated was similarly decorated.
The feature, however, was the float of
the Napa Parlor. A miniature carriage,
arched and entirely hidden by flowers, was
in charge of a young Native Son, who
drove tandem three Shetland ponies, none
of which stood as high as a rocking horse.
Mission Parlor No. 3S, with its beautiful
silken banner on wheels, followed. The
uniform consisted of well fittine coats of
military blue, duck trousers and gray
hats. In its wake came John B. Truvico,
silvery haired and. aged and pointed out
as the sole survivor of the famous Don
ner party. Sea Point Parlor Xo. 5S of Sau
salito was well represented and with its
snow white duck sailor suits looked spick
and span. For a float it had a miniature
schooner manned by young Sea Pointers.
Fremont No. 44, Mountain Xo. 126 and
Gabiian No. 132 were in line neatly uni
formed. Not the least conspicuous feature
was a healthy black cub which seemed in
a hurry to get through the parade.
The Golden Gate band headed this
section and received much applause along
the line of march.
fotjbteenth:.
THE fourteenth division, in charse of
Marshal Delevan B. Bowley, made
a good showing.
At the end of the division came Broder
lck No. 117, Nipomo No. 123 and Yontock
ett No. 156.
were: David Wilson, E. J. Barton, Percy
V. Lonp. H. C. Pasquale. J. S. Partridge.
David Wilson H. Toomey, F. Todt, L.
Slebe, Joseph Glaser, E. G. Fitzgerald,
M. Hayes, A. II. Blakeley, William
Ramm, R. H. Miller, George Biebesheimer
and C. C. Smith.
Clever <Irill corps preceded Stockton
Parlor No. 7, which turnod out nearly 200
members. The Stockton Hussar Band of
twenty-one pieces, led by E. I>. Carey,
was an attractive feature of this division
and created much favorable comment.
The members of the parlor were attired
In blue- serpre suits with yellow silk la-pels,
the name of the parlor In script letters
being inscribed thereon. Each man car
ried a. cane with a balloon attached, and
the whole effect was picturesque in the
extreme. The banner stand was greatly
admired, and Is the work of L,. F. Sal
liach, one of the members. The stand
v.as drawn by two Shetland ponies driven
bv Miss Nlcewonger, who made a dainty
picture. A beautiful flag presented by the
ladieR of Stockton to the parlor when It
was Instituted In 1881 attracted a great
deal of attention. The section was mar-
WTNTH.
THE ninth division was marshaled by
X. Nathan, with Charles K. Man
they and Harry B. Ward as aids. A
E. E. Stone, J. H. Marcuse, H. A. Nic
meyer. F. E. Famswurth, Charles Rubel,
]•:. T. Man well, M. K. Brown. Guy T.
Jackson. Guy R. Kennedy and Jo D.
Sproul were among the members of
Marysville, Chico and Rainbow parlors,
who walked, and who have combined
forces during the present celebration.
THE eighth division made a striking
appearance, the members of the va
rious parlors composing it being at
tired in white duck suits and white
Fedora hats, trimmed, with yellow ribbon.
Marshal O. M. Goldarcena, with his aids,
II. J. Campbell a.nd I,. S. Calkins', engi
neered thf movements of the division in
grand styl<'. Immediately after the band
came MarysvilW; Parlor No. C, fifty strong.
In their neat uniforms. With the officers
of the parlor was Past President C C.
Rubel. Argonaut No. 8, Chico No. 21 and
Rainbow No. 40 of Wheatland oamo next
with seventy membera; followed by Hy
draulic Xo. 56, Quartz Xo. SS. Friendship
Xo. 7S. Gllroy Xo. 81. Quincy Xo. 131 aiid
Donmr No. 162.
EIGHTH.
Lafferty. That section of the
long procession proved as interesting as
the divisions which preceded it,' and wa^
enjoyed by those along the line of the
parade. Sacramento No. 3 had 150 mem
bers In line. They wore white cigarette
hats, blue coats and duck trousers. Mrs.
Ena Gett of Sacramento, grand presi
dent of the Native Daughter? of the
Golden West, was escorted by the Sacra
mento parlor. The lady rode in a car
riage. Placerville Xo. 9 had fifty mem
bers in line. They were attired in white
hats, blue coats, duck trousers and tan
shoes. Their handsome banner was at
tached to pneumatic wheels and was
moved along tlie route by four members.
A huge wine vat containing members of
the order was drawn on a truck. The im
mense barrel was prettily decorated and
made a good float. Woodland No. 30, Mt.
Shasta Xo. 35. Auburn Xo. 59. Silver Star
Xo. 03, Invincible Xo. CS and Winters Xo.
3'J3 wore a part of this division. Each par
lor had a large representation and all
those in line were atlircd In costumes that
were befitting tho occasion.
"¥" ROL.PH JR. was marshal of the
| seventh division. He had as his
• aids Charles W. Paine and F. J.
tum*>s and wore the regalia of their or
ganization.
There Were Two Fatal
Accidents and Pickpock=
ets Reaped a Harvest
From Crowds-
DAY DNMARRED BY
GENERAL MISHAPS
Orlnda Parlor of the Daughters, in
their pretty pink costumes, caused a sen
satlon along the line, so striking was tho
dress of the young ladies. Los Osos Par
lor, madelup of seventy Sons from San
Luis Obisio. made a great spread with
their display _pf red parasols. ..El Dorado
No. 52, YerbaVBuena No. S4. San Marcos
No. 150, Cambria No. 152, Mayfleld No.
166 and Redlands No. 168 completed the
division.
Miss Mildred EL Boyne, assistant mar
shal and mascot of Ei Dorado Parlor,
rode at tho head of tho parlor and re-
No. 204 and Carciuinez No. 205 com
posed the nineteenth division. The entire
division was noticeable for the neatness
of the costumes. San Francisco No. 49
.was made up as firemen and dragged a
miniature hand engine.
TWENTIETH.
THE twentieth division held its share
of attention and Ha generally neat
appearance wa3 x freely complimented.
Halcyon Parlor's costume was a jaunty
plaid summer suit, white hat and cane.
The Brooklyns had Prince Albert linen
coats and plug hats to match. Washing
ton No. 169, Westerina No. 127, Alameda
No. 47 and Athens No. 195, with its white
umbrellas, joined In making a swell dis
play.
NINETEENTH.
SAN FRANCISCO No. 49, Santa Lu
cia No. 97, General. Winn No. 32, By
ron No. 170, Lassen No. 99, Sunrise
winners in the yellow crepe paper
skirts and olive waists. A blgr carryall
was loaded -with them and on a float th«
young ladies showed to good advantage.
The division throughout was unique.
Eden No. 113 had a big barouche, drawn
by eight horses and covered by an Im
mense umbrella. The Piedmont parlors,
Sons and Daughters, attracted much at
tention. The ladies were in double teams
driven by coachmen, and looked like so
ciety out for a park drive. The Sons had
as neat a costume as was worn and looked
dressy in their red coats nattily trimmed
and white duck trousers. The iloat was a
large model of the ferry steamer Pied
mont, and as the procession advanced
smoke issued from her funnel and the
paddle-wheel was at work. Oakland No.
50 had a strong turnout. Dress coats,
yellow sashes and straw hats gave the
big body of men a swell appearance. One
of the features was a team of six Shet
land ponies drawing a fancy vehicle.
EIGHTEENTH.
THE eighteenth division was made up
of across the bay parlors. Alameda
No. 18 of the Daughters looked like
Ramona Parlor, one of the swells of tho
order, turned out as a band of Mexican
caballeros. The costumes were green cor
duroy, spring: bottom trousers trimme<l
down the sides with silver spangles, short
jackets lined with yellow satin, and the
typical sombrero. As they passed along
mounted on high spirited mustari53 they
made a picturesque display. Los Angeles
Parlor No. 45 was costumed in blue serge
coats, white trousers, white felt hat.*
with red bands, and negHeee shirts. Each
member carried an orangewood cane deco
rated with long orange colored ribbons.
The costume of Corona Parlor Xo. 196 was
somewhat similar and the Sons carried
light parasols. The Catalina band furn
ished the music for the Southerners.
Corona No. 1%. San Diego No. 108, Mil
Bally No. 87, Niantic No. 105, Tuolumne
No. 144 and McCloud No. 149.
Grand Pyrotechnic Display
on the Heights of the
Government Post At
tracts Thousands.
VOLCANO LIKE, FORT
MASON BELCHED FIRE
MARSHAL FRANK TV. MARSTON
led the way for the parlors In the
sixth division. He was assisted
by Aids 55. J. Rlumcnthal and Ike
TurhlT. "The Pensa/cola band played en
livening: marches "alonp the route. A float
containing: the "Ship of State." propelled
by the arms of fair Calif ornians, was a
feature of the di\-ision. The ship was
patterned after that used by Cleopatra,
and Instead of slaves for oarsmen the
prar^ful barce was supposed to be pro
pelled by beautiful maidens. prettv
pirl stood at the -n.heel to steer the ves
sel through the years of adversity and
progress. The maids were dressed !n
frreesi and crhlte eostnmes. Behind the
float came California Xo. 1. the oldest par
lor In the or<1rr. Its nT-mbtrp \4-bre mU:
tary co^ts and rap? and carried bamboo
oan^s. Th^re were more than ISO m™
bera in uniform in Une and nearly a hun-
Art-A in every day costume. Excelsior No.
r.l of Jack-son. Amadnr County, turned out
fifty strong. They were attired ) n white
<:;¦=. blue coats and vrhit" di:r-k trousers
with shoes to match. Kx-Conirressman
Cnroinetti march'vi v.!th his parlor.
F'm<-r Xo. 111. Native Dnujrhters. was a
pl« ;ti-:njr feature of this djvlsjon. Twenty
five nrmbers of that pnrior occupied seats
in a r:r. seated dr?p drawn by six coal
idstoVc horses. The ladies were dressed in
Vripht rod costumes and looked charm
lns:. Amador No. 17, lone No. 33. Ply-'
mouth No. 4S. Keystone No. 173, Humboldt
No. 14 and Arcata No. 20 had bit? repre
sentations in the procession. The latter
parlors were adorned In striking cos-
Marshal A. J. Kilbourne and
Thomas Xolan and J. "W. Kenny, aids.
The Veteran Firemen's band headed the
division and throughout the line of
march played inspiring' airs. Signal Rnd
torch bearers followed in the wake of the
marshal and h!s assistants, and then
came the Veteran Volunteer Firemen's
A«=soc!mi"n, of -n-hlch Stephen Bunner !s
jireFident- Th*» members wore their rr>d
;Hrts find blark helmets. One hundred
veteran fire laddies drerv their old fash
oned fire fighter over the streets. Perch
on top of the fnpn? -was a pretty lit
tle pirl dressed in the costume of the" fire
r ( i' n.
Fwno'i splendid military band led the
¦nay for the Fire Department of that
ity. There were more than fifty mem
rs in line and as they marched thev
puJled "Old Knickerbocker Xo. 5." Miss
Grace Femell; who represented the Fire
rode in state in a carriapre. Bhe
m a« c.ti sscd in a fierv red costume and
h*--!d aloft the banner of the Fresno organ
zatinn. Peta.lurna was represented by its
< rack fire team. A machine which was a
r< Uc of th" paj?t was also drawn by the
r ppesentfttivea of that town. The Berke-
h ¦•>• F:re D.parttr.ent had more than fifty
m«»n in 1r,p. They were dressed in red
ihlrta. Mack tie?, black caps and dark
trotisfrs. and made a very businesslike
nppc-a ranee. Two ho?e wusroTis used in
B«rkHey were pictuir-sque features of the
parade. Clever decorators adorned the
vehicles with popples, preens and bunting
and they attracted wide attention. The
Visalia lire Department also turned out
Rtrong and won the approval of all those
¦who Faw them.
11. C, Ru5*. frrand president of the Na
tive Bobs of the Golden West. Congress
man Kann. District Attorney Lewis F.
llvjr.cton. Frank Ryan of Sacramento.
Frar.k Iv. Coombs and gTand officers of
the organization, offlcers of the Semi-Ccn
tennial Admission Day celebration, com
mittee and rrand officers of the Native
T>3uchters of the Oolden "VTept vrere In
carriages, completirr the fifth division.
FIFTH.
FTRE departments of outside dtles
end towns made up the fifth divi
sion, -which ttsjj commanded 15y
men. The Gllroy band plared marches
for the school children, who marched
: • fteran soldiers. Major William Ho
-ommarided the brigade composed of
) .-!.-. Francisco school children. The rep
r:tetives of the Horace Mann School
v i re commanded by Captain Charles Mc-
CKrystle. Captain Roy Jeffries com
rr.andod the Everett Grammar School
boys. The Hearst Grammar School ag
gregation was commanded by Major W.
H. Biehr and Captain. H. Linderman. The
:£.is were dressed In dark clothes, white
caps and belt* and carried flags and ban
ners. "Rie girls' brigade was commanded
by Major C. F. Starke and the Columbia
Grammar School misses were maneuvered
try Captain Antoinette Crawford and Cap
tain JesepMa« Makowskl. The little ladles
presented a handsome appearance In their
"wttite dressea, le^gtc&s and straw eom
fcreres adorned with red. white and blue
rlbbcns. Every miss wore two braids
Aovra. her back, making a very uniform
appearance In the line. Next In line were
the representative* of tne Columbia
Orannnar School, Captain Elmer Ray-
Tcond; Hancock Grammar School. Captain
McKenxle; company of Boys' Home Ca
dets; Presbyterian Orphan Asylum, Cap
tain "W. Slcrdock: Society of Golden
Links, Eraest J. Lee, J. 8. Miller and May
Pettee oomtnandlnif. The latter organl-
E?-tiOT carried s words, flags and banners.
They had costumes of all descriptions and
presented a yood asjpearance. A 6xnall
express wasroti, marked "ambulance,"
by twelve lads, created Borne mer
riment.
Crowds Thronged Door
ways, Windows, Roofs
and Stands Along the
Route of Procession.
Uniformed Native Sons and
Prettily Dressed Native
Daughters Won Applause
on the Line of March.
CHEERED BY AN ENTHUSIASTIC PEOPLE
PICTURESQUE FEATURES OF THE GREAT PARADE.
Immense Numbers Tried to
Attend the Literary Ex
ercises in Native Sons'
Ball, bat Few Succeeded.
* *
Stirring Speeches, Patriotic
Susie and Great Enthu
siasm Marked End of
the Day's Programme.
TWENTY-FIRST.
ceived many ovations*. She wag dressed
in white and gold and handled her sorrel
steed in fine style.
JF. Finn commanded the twenty
first division, which was coni
• posed of Rincon 72. Bay City 104.
Mariposa 171, Pomona 174 and
Golden Anchor 1S2, with a band, drum
corps and float. Marshal Finn had for his
assistants John Hannan. David Woerncr
and H. M. LKhen.stein. Rincon turned out
with 2G0 membera in their black sackcoats
and white caps, looking smart and neat.
On the float there was a boar. Bay City,
Mariposa, Pomona and Golden Anchor fol
lowed in creditable style, filled with the
dignity of tho occasion and proud to be
in good company.
TWENTY- SEC OND.
IT was e%-ident from the majestic pose
of Marshal P. J. Weniger and his as
sistants. Colonel George V>~. Bauer and
Harry I. Angelo, that they were com
manding something above the ordinary.
Stanford was there in its glory with its
neat army uniforms. The army blue was
relieved by a jaunty white cap which gavd
to the San Francisco boys a most pictur
esque appearance. Among those who
footed the street to the lively music were
Judge Charles Conlan and County Clerk
"Billy" Deane. As a guard of honor lu
Stanford Parlor the Veteran Guard of the
G. A. R. in full dress uniforms marched
ahead.
An excellent band discoursed soul stir
ring music to the division as it swur«K
along the line. In this division were Sun
set Parlor 26 from Sacramento, becomins
ly uniformed in white duck suits wit'i
white parasols. This parlor turned out
seventy-flve members and had a four
horse tallyho to carry them homo in case
the railroad refused. La Bandera llf».
Golden Star SS and Seaside 95 followed in
the wake of these other parlors.
TWENTY-THIRD.
THE twenty-third division was mar
shaled by Lieutenant Herman
Huber, assisted by Frank C. Mi'.Ur
and D. F. Shea.- They had the honor
of marching at the head of one of thj
crack parlors of the order, the Nationals
US, whose members are made up
from the boys who went to Manila lj
teach Spain how to fight. Companies C
and G of the Nationals supply the mater
ial for this parlor, and from the manner
In which they marched yesterday it waa
quite evident that they do not need any
setting up practice. In their raki3h uni
forms of Dlack. relieved by orange mbtl
and gold braid down the trousers and soft
felt hats with yellow bands, they looked
smart and crisp as any. The president of
this parlor rode in front in an automobile.
Las Lomas 72, Hesperian 1ST. Siskiyou
1SS, Santa Paula 1D1 and A^tna 192 wero
assigned to this division. They made a
very creditable appearance.
The ladies of Las Lomas parlor looked
fetchingly pretty in their colored dresses
and trimmings of white and yellow.
TWENTY-FOURTH.
MARSHAL A. K. DAGGETT, with
Aids W. J. Raublnger and Dr. Leo
Slchel, rode at the head of Aloha
Parlor 106. Native Daughters. Thd
ladies were becomingly attired in white.
with dainty picture hats.
Marshall 202 had for Its reminder of th*
man who discovered gold at Sutters Creek
a donkey fully harnessed for a minirs;
trip. This dumb but obstinate anim.u
was chaperoned by Leon Veiller. There
was also a genuine old stage coach of Mj
days carrying a happy lot of miners on
their return from the gold fields and
plenty of dust in one of Wells-Forgo"*
strong boxes. Alcatraz 145. Niantic ln.">.
Lower Lake 159, Ieka 162 and Liberty 130
also marched in this division.
TWENTY-FHTTH.
ARATTWLER marshaled the Twen
ty-fifth division, ably assisted by
• L. E. Deere and TV. A. Hopkins.
This division was made up of par
lors Alcalde No. 134, Dolores No. 20$ and
Commodore Sloat No. 1!>7. Alcalde had on
its float a specimen of the oUl Mexican
Alcalde's residence and official headquar
ters where justice used to be doled out to
offending transgressors.
TWENTY-SIXTH.
THE twenty-sixth division was com
manded by Marshal Louis Xonneman
of South San Francisco, aided by E.
J. Murphy and Thomas F. Stack. La
Vespera No. IIS. Native Daughters, in car
riages, gave a cheerful appearance to the
happy boys " from across the channel.
South San Francisco Parlor was mounted
on mustangs such as are used by cow
boys In action. Durins the march the
more expert horsemen amused ihe on
lookers by many feats of horsemanship.
Honey Lake No. 198, Adler No. 2!V> and
Prospect No. 201 formed the remainder of
the division.
TWENTY-SEVENTH.
MARSHAL E. C. DLTENECK had
only one aid. ami this was W. J.
Alpin, but they were sufficient to
direct the four parlors which had
been assigned to the division. These were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1900.
3
ADVESTISKTffZNTS.
soap is not only the b'est
in all the vvorla for toilet
and bath but also for shav-
ing. Pears was the in-
ventor of shaving stick
soap.
All sorts cf people use Pears' soap, all sortt
•f store* seU L, especially dru^gUl*.
_- _
BDTTLd^T T|iE| olflLLERY
J PURE-AE^flj>VrdLE5uMS .
(/sedtn/AeMetica/Oepdrtments offfte
U.S. ARMY 8r NAVY Service
WlLLIAM^WOLFF 8f CO.
! San Francisco,' distributors.,
£eir<s/T of imitations «f. rtjflied Bottles. 4
| ON SALE TUESDAY, SEPT. II |
% Readi-to-Wear Waists and Skirts, g
* Fall Styles Just Received. g
© GOLF WALKIHGSJHRTS. •
• of excellent quality ptald back cloth. jg±
up to date styles. The best values jl
9 to bo found any.rhere. &p* our w
A $3.0O. .<¦:-%«>, 94.75 O
A . and fC.OO grades. Q
| FLANNEL WAISTS. •
® Latest fall styles of twilled flannel A
0 waists, black and all the desirable j;
ft shades. The very h<?st waists yot V
£9 shown at $2.00 and *-.."«» O
9 SILK WAISTS. g
5 Made of the good wearing qaality g}
5* silk, all-over tucked waists, full ZL
O ' styles; black, white and all the new Jg
Q colors. The very best waist3 that &
• were ever shown at O
„ 95.0O and $ 7.50 3
© HOVELTTT HECKWCAK ®
9 JUST KECEIVeO. <*
I KID GLOVES. T~hF ii COLUMBIV' |
© the satisfactory brand; full assort- J?
© rtM-nt of colors and sizes fitted and W
Q guaranteed, at fl.OO yj>
A We are the ajrents for "Columbia" ©
q . Gloves. 0
© STORES OPEN TUESDAT. Sept. 11. •
g NEW PILLOW TOPS. 8
2 NATVK SOS BEAR PILLOWS A
2 ANP OTHER NOVEUtlES ON EX- Jr
• IIIBITION AT" BOTH STORES. W
I KOHLBlG, S
I STRAUSS & FBOHMAN, f
© 107-109 POST STREET. •
• I22O- 1222-122 A MARKET STREET. •Continued on Page Nine.
The Fresno Military Hand marched
around to Stevenson street during th»
evening and played for the delectation of
The Call force. T'niier the leadership of
Grant Morger.stein the band rtrdored in
excellent style the most popular pieces of
the day.
Serenaded The Call.
City Hall Park was literally choked
with humanity. The hand occupied a tem
porary stand built close to the monument.
Another temporary stand had been put
up at the corYier of Powell and Market
streets and the band there attracted a
big crowd, ns did thr> one next to The Call
building. The listeners were very appre
ciative and freely applauded the musi
cians.
The band concerts on Market street last
evening entertained Immense crowds until
close onto midnight. Market street from,
Kearny to the City Hal! Park was one
continuous stream of humanity Th»
broad sidewalks would not accommodate
the throng and many took to the street.
Band Concerts.
The danrinsr was under the direction of
Roberts Vandorcook. The arrangement
committee was composed of K. W. Mc-
Kinstry. W. B. FarwHl, H.- B. Russ, K.
M. Root. R. Vfindercoob, E. T. Kruse ard
"William C. Gibhs.
The chandelier was covered with Jap
anese fans, from which were festooned to
the four corners of the ha'l graceful
streamers of blue buntinir. These were
caught at the ends with clusters of Amer
ican flags and varl-colTed hunting.
The hall decorations were si.nple but
effective. Back of the stage was sus
pended a largo painting, representing a
miner and farmer clasping hands, whllo
In the background the artist had painted
rich fields of wheat and auriferous moun
tains. Over the picture were these words:
"Prosperity to our country; California,
the land of Cold, Sunshine, Fruit and
Flowers."
Pioneer Hall presented an interesting
sight last evening wh^n the Society of
California Pioneers danced In honor of
the State's semi-centennial anniversary.
Many of the gray-hairf-d members joined
in the dancing with their wlvts and chil
dren. Fully 2.">0 were present, and thoso
who did not dance found pleasure in look
ing on or promenading in the adjoining
parlors and library.
The organization's banner; which ¦was
carried In the first parado In 1S30, and
which was a feature of yesterday*! street
pageant, was inspected with much curi
osity. The banner Is still In very good
condition.
Pioneers Dance.
Dancing, interspersed with musical ana
literary programmes, was the rule last
evening. No invitation was necessary to
gain admittance to the scenes of enjoy
ment. Doors were flung open wide and
members and non-members, friends ami
visitors poured through. In many places
the crowds were so dense that dancing
was made impossible. Orchestras played
popular music and arti?ts did their best
to win the applause of their audiences.
Another day of pleasure Is before tn»
natives and that they will make the most
of it i3 evidenced by the preparations
made for the close of the festivities. Open
house will be th-^ rule all .lay in some of
the headquarters. In many others th«
celebration will be fittingly closed with a
grand ball.
The handsomely decorated headquart«r»
have been, the scer.o of much, pleasure.
Afternoon and evening since th© festivi
ties were inaugurated hundreds hava
passed over the hospitable thresholds and
partaken of the viands and liquids that
were distributed with liberality. Parlor*
have vied with each other in the matter of
magnificence of entertainment and the re
sult has been that the visitor to tha heart
quarters is profoundly Impressed with tha
organization.
the Government reservation at
Fort Mason tens of thousands of visitors
and residents gathered to witness the
pyrotechnic display. The weather was
ideal. Early in the evening a heavy mist
swept over the Presidio hills and down
the coast to Fort Mason, but as If by
magic, at the boom of the llrst pun that
heralded the opening of the display, the
mlsi dissolved and the air was left clear
and Invigorating. A cloud rack, blacker
than the night Itself, drifted over the face
of the moon and the bombardment of the
heavens began.
Though many set pieces had been ar
ranged after elaborate and painstaking
labor, the feature of the evening was a
star bomb. It seemed to be a stranger
on the bill, for it had no mates. Nonn
were like it in form or color, but It wili
be remembered. Just after the opening
of the display this bomb was fired, it
mounted high into the heavens and burst
A thousand ribbons of gold leaped out
into the night from their common nucleus
until they seemed to span the horizon.
From the end of each a glittering star ap
peared, blazed like a meteor for an In
stant and disappeared. A mighty shout
from thousands of throats followed the
passing of this bomb's life, and though
the crowd w : aited long it was not again
equaled In beauty.
The display, however, ¦was doubtless the
PEL.E took the reins of power after
the shadows of night had fallen
and brought the third day"s cele
bration to a fitting close. Out on
Masoo Witnessed by
Thousands.
Gorgeous Display at Fort
FIREWORKS CLOSE
THIRD DAY'S FUN
I watched your splendid parade to-day of
Native Sons In the vl^or and pride of young
manhood, buoyant with hope ejid confidence,
and I put my ear to the heart of the twentieth
century, and there came echoing back the
voice: "Our progress is onward. We are
marchlnsr forward In moral and Intellectual
improvement."
SIgnorlna Italia Repetto sang and was
heartily encored. Eustace Cullinan read
an original ode to California and Theo
dore H. Hittell read a pap«r on the Cal
ifornia Pioneers. Signor Xicolini sang
a bass solo, and Mrs. Ema Gett, Grand
President of the Native Daughters, de
livered an address. The Golden West
Quartet sang- and responded to an en
core.
H. R, McNoble, Grand Orator of the
Native Sons, gave the oration. He said
in conclusion:
We pledge our manhood to protect Cali
fornia in years to come. The Native Sons are
the natural guardians of her destiny. Far b<«
it from our purpose to assume any rights
over others, but we seek by our example to
inculcate lessons of loyalty.
D. M. Lawrence sang "The Holy City"
and J. Bayard Whittemore, great-grand
son of Commodore Sloat, read the famous
proclamation of his ancestor.
Hon. Julius Kahn delivered the lease of
the old custom house at Monterey to the
Native Sons and J. J. Lerraen made the
speech of acceptance.
m
Judge Rust introduced Senator George
C. Perkins to Bpeak in place of Gov
ernor Gage, who had declined to speak,
and who spent the evening in making
formal calls at the headquarters of lhe
various parlors. Senator Perkins said:
When I first came to California all our
wheat came from Chile and our fruit from
OrpRon and the Islands of the Pacific. Now the
State Is one of the world's Ki-tuiaj-ies, and we
Ben<i wheat to Europe for the Crown 1'rlnce,
the peasant and the artisan, and our fruit goes
East by thousands of carloads.
Sons and Daughters that we may encourage
them in noble work.
Open House and Lavisb Hos
pitality for flil — Some
Things for To-Day.
IMMEDIATELY after the parade yes
terday the various parlors that have
headquarters opened their hearts and
their bounty to their friends and the
latter accepted their hospitality with
an alacrity that was surprising. Crowds
thronged the rooms of the receiving par
lors and those composing them danced
and partook of refreshments. The parlors
have expended thousands of dollars In en
tertainment.
DAY'S INCIDENTS
OF CELEBRATION
Hugh McCabe. a brother of Owen Mc-
Cabe, feather and down merchant of 870
Mission street, was fatally injured
yesterday morning. He was walking
along Fourth street toward Market to
view the parade, and at Natoma street
crossed from one side of the street to the
other. An electric car was goinff south
at the time, and as McCabe reached the
track people shouted to him to look out.
He pain no heed to them and walked on,
the car striking' him and knocking 1 him
down. He was drappred alonp for a few
feet till the car was stopped. He was
picked up and taken to the Receiving
Hospital In the ambulance, where Dr.
Dorr found there was a fracture at the
base of his skull and lacerated wounda
on top of his scalp and on his right tem
ple, lie had a bottle of wine In his pocket
and had been celebrating. He died laat
evening.
Martin Gleason, a laborer, llv
inp at 32S Eiphth street, was fatally in
jured yesterday afternoon while viewing
the parade from the roof of 731 Mar
ket street. He was assisting the jani
tor, who is a friend of his. In looking after
the people on the roof, and by some means
or other stepped on a skylight and fell
three stories, alighting on the stairway.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital
In the ambulance, where Dr. Starr found
that the base of his skull was fractured
and he had sustained severe Internal in
juries. He Is an unmarried man. His
brother was on the roof with him. He
died last evening.
CONSIDERING the crowds In the
streets the day's chapter of ac
cidents amounted to but little.
They were all characteristic.
Others Were Not of Much
Consequence.
Two Were Fatol, but the
DAY'S ACCIDENTS
WERE VERY FEW
most .gorgeous of recent years. Flower
pots of marvelous size and beauty: rock
ets which freed multi-colored stars that
sailed through the air on tiny parachutes;
set pieces of intricate design and gor
geous colorings all contributed to the
beauty of the display. By half-past 9 the
last bomb had lighted the heavens and
the word? "Good Night" In blazing let
ters of gold turned the people homeward.
Though the railway lines are not nu
merous In that portion of the city the
vast crowd was well handled not an
accident or unpleasant Incident was re
ported by the police.
Foresters, with Chief Ranker
Max Boehm and other officers in
carriages. The float was a forest scene
In which were to be seen chief rangers,
BUbchlefs. v.-ocdwardp, beadles and com
panions of the forest. Drowsing, on fresh
preen grafs instead of tomato cajis, was
a live goat, which, presumably is riddon
by those who wish to become Foresters.
Then followed the display of the Ancient
Order of Druids, consisting of two floats
one re;>ref=et!rip the second dpgree of the
order, in which It ip taught that a Druid
never takes advantage of an opportunity
to wreak his vengeance on a fallen foe,
hut that on th<" contrary he assists him!
Th" scene w»? axeeedlniy dramatic. The
t>ther was a circle on which s;it thirty
one hi'lies, each carrying. a shield) having
upon !t the name of one of the croves of
the ciiy ar.d BUrrbundlns places, also of
The circles and chapter. Thore was a
large delegation of the membership in a
simple, yet distinctive uniform. Noble
Grand Arch Henry Lancre. Junior Past
THIRTY-THIUD.
ADE LA TORRE was fhe marshal
of th* thirty-third division, which
• was \oA by the Ancient Order of
Ltindstrom. Dr. C. A. Lindstrom and
X. J. L'.ndsrren as aids. This division, was
made up of Kniphts of Pythias, the Inde
petMjent Order of Foro«ters and the Swed
ish societies. The Knights had a float
that represented Pythias at the place of
execution at the critical moment before
the arrival of Damon. Surrounding him
wore representatives of the soldiery of
the times, the headsman, Dyonisius. per
ponat«Hl by George II. Wolfe. A- J.
Morrison assumed the role of Pythias:
Charles Omean impersonated the marshal
of th* cerr-monles of the execution. They
also had four companies of the Uniform
R-uik of the First Rcslmcnt, under com
mand of I.ieutenar.t Colonel y w (j
Morrosco ar.d Major Dodd and Major
Koenan. The companies commanded by
Captains Gilder. Bryan, Buck and Van
Zandt presented a n<->at. so!difrly appear
ance. The Jrjdependffit Order of Forest
ers had a fine float representing the
widow cf a deeeasf-d member of the order
belriK waited on by a committee of offl-
to tender to hf-r and her orphans the
money Bhe, as beneficiary, was entitled to
receive In moving to the point of forma
tion a part of the structure was swept
av.ay by a low wire strunp across the
&**£*" I* "<*e?*t«»y«<S the effectiveness of
the- float but not the lesson sought to be
conveyed. This was followed by car
riages ?n which rode E. A. Mnck, D S
n" S; ?*1 !UKl other Prand ofnVors. The
BwedMb-American soefetir-s closrd this di
vision and formed a pretty portion of It
There was one float reprosontinp the coat
of arms of Sweden, Miss Hulda Miller be
inir tho central llsur.-. Another float w-as
OfCliped by thlrty-s.x )adies attired in
the different attractive costumes of the
country. The effect was excmlin R lv
itrlklnsr. drawJnB from the spectator?
many complimentary remarks With
I these floats were the Knights of the
Golden Banner; under command of Can
tain W. Irclan, E. Anderson and D Bb-
THIHTY-SECONTJ.
*Tr*HP 1 thirty-second division was un-
I d<?r the marshalship of T>r. G. S.
¦*" P.ackman. with J. H. Mahan, K. A.
Irr, Frank J. Gray and "W. D. Allen. This
was a very attractive division, for the
members, mounted and afoot, were nea.r
l.v all attired in Indian costumes, with
vari-colored feathers in their hair and
their faces painted. The first of four
fjoats was an Indian tepee in a forest, rep
resenting the eelt-brattrd picture of Foca
n;.nta.s tavinp the life of Captain John
Smith. Miss Molloy. McKay was ttie gen
tie Pocahontas and \V. K. Wilson repre-
Kt-meii Captain Smith. The others were
warriors, braves, Indian women and chil
dren. Nearly 200 were mounted Red Men
on a!l kinds of Indian ponies, each letting
out shouts of the warwhoop order, but
not quito eo terrifying- as the g-emilne ar
:i'-Ie. Those on foot, several hundred in
number, added to the tumult of their
mounted brethren. Cherokee Tribe of
Berkeley had a float in line which repre
p^nterf an"Indian council around a camp
fire, the chief characters being- P. Salis
bury, prophet; G. N. Ferrin. pachem; A.
St-ulip. senior samraore. and H. N. Over
ly, junior sagamore. There was also an
other Indian forest scene turned out by
the Great Council of the Reservation o'f
California, and one representing primi
tlvo Indian life pr.pared by the members
iff Yosemite Trib*. This was followed by
the- Indian method of carrying a wounded
individual on a trailing litter attached to
a pony. The division closed with a num
ber of members cf the order in recralia.
The great chiefs rode in carriages.
PIONEERS and native sons ond
daughters crowded Native Sons'
Hall last night until every seat
was taken and . even standing
room could not be had In the rear
of the hall. Hundreds were turned away.
The literary exercises — the formal feature
of the celebration— were held there, and
in their own way were as great a success
as the parade. \
The hall was elaborately decorated. Fes
toons of preenery swunR from the chande
lier to the gallery rail. Yellow bunting
was u?ed in profusion, and bear flags and
the national colors met the eye wherever
Its i^aze was directed.
After an overture by the orchestra,
Daniel A. Ryan, chairman of the commit
tee on literary exercises, introduced
JudRe. R. C. Rust. Grand President of the
Native Sons of the Golden West.
Judge Rust was received with rounds of
applause. He spoke briefly as follows:
I »rreet you all as CallfornlanB. for after
to-day' a Klnrlous demonstration I feel that I
am justified In so doing. After fifty years of
progress we have met to rejoice at our ad
vancement. Fame who werojiere fifty years
ago are with us yet. To them, in our own
home, built by their children's children, we
extend a hearty greeting.
Not only here, but far over the fws, Cali
fomlans are gathered In celebration of this
memorable flay. I have received the following
cablegram :
'•R C. Runt. Orand President. Pan Fran-
C ) SCO — callfornlnns in Paris celebrate this
glorious day at the United Statss pavilion, and
send you congratulations. .
'•CALIFORNIA PARIS COMMISSION.
"Paris, PeDtember 10. 1900."
Miss Eudora Forde s>an?y a contralto
solo and Mayor James D. Phelan was In
troduced for the address of welcome. He
said:
San Francisco is indeed a mad city to-day,
but there Is method In Its madness. It Is
Insanely eager to welcome the Native Sons and
Dauchtcrs to Its homes.
Such as we have we offer to the Native Sons
freely. They have, established a irreat order
and have shown their worthiness in every
higher Held. It is to the Native Sons that we
look for future achlevemant.
For the?* reasons we welcome th« Natlv*
Sons, an order that has not existed for selfish
purposes. We give welcome to the Native
Addresses by Mayor Prjelan,
Senator PerKiQS aod Grand !
Orator McNoble.
FORMAL WELCOME
TO NATIVE SONS
The 'wives and families of ' many na
tives occupied the reviewing stnnd and
responded to the enthusiastic salutations
of the marchers. Colonel Charles Boxton
took the street near the reviewing stand
and kept the marchlnsr columns In line
and In constant motion.
Senator George C Perkins, Con&resi>man
Julius Kahn. Grand President R. C. Rust.
Orand First Vire President Frank L. Coombs,
Granrt Second Vice President lx-wis F. Hylnsr
ton. Grand Secretary Henry Ijunstedt, GranJ
Treasurer Henry S. Martin. Grand Orator. H.
R. McN.ible, Grand Inside Sentinel J. H. Mar
ruse Grand Outpfde Pentinfl .loserh Goldman.
Granj Trustees Charles B. McLaujthlln, J»m«i
L. Gal'.aihPr, Joseph R. Know-land. M. T. Dool
inff, Will P. Shea. P^rcy V. I^ong. George O.
Radcllffe, Past Grand President Cora D. Sir
ford, Grand President Kma Gett. Grand \ ice
President Oenevieve H^kpr. Orand Secretary
Cora J. FrakeF, Grand Treasurer Dora Zmudow-
Kki. Grand Marshal Amanda Hamerly, Grand
Inside f-enttnel Dora "Wilson. Grand Outside
Sentinel Arima Stirling. Past Grand Presidents
John H. Clrady. John A. Stembach. Charles %\ .
I>ecker, Charles H. Garoutte, W. A. Dorn.
Frank H. Dunne. Williiim H. Miller, John T.
Greany. Henry C. Gilford. George D. Clark
and Fmnk Mattison. Chairmen of the Standing
Committees J. B. Keennn. H. S. Ppauldlntr. I>.
«. Mayer. F. P. VTehy. H. L. OunzberRer, E. E.
Fisher, J. J. Handley. R. H. Moree, John
Porcher, H. I. Mulcreavy. D. A. Ryan. L. H.
Cohen Edward J. Taaffe, Charles H. Turner.
Fred \V. Lees, E. Myron Wolf. Thomas E.
Curran J. E. OT>onnell, Thomas E. Hearty,
George' A. Xewhall, H. G. W". DlnkelFPlel, J.
U. Unwell. Frank A. Vale. Charles Boldemann
and P. D. du Py.
the Governor and hia gruest3. The last
division did not pass the reviewing stand
on the countermarch until after 3 o clock.
Its passing was the signal for congratula
tions from one to the other in the re
viewing stand, and half an hour had gone
before the last of the many staffs tooK
its departure.
Amonp those who occupied the review
ing stand with Governor Gage, General
Shafter. Admiral Kautz. General M"','"".
Adjutant General Seamans, General Dick
inson and Grand Marshal Costello were
the following:
Eroll Lastreto wa.« the marshal
nrfl h!« Blfli wr» H. H. Di^fR, O. Cot-
THIF.TY-FIEST.
DIVIPTON tbirty-one was in two rnr
tior.s. Riacie up wholly of members
<-.* ihe Improvf-fl Order of Tl*->i Men.
A. W. Robertp. H. P. des Ropier and
J.. P. Mobr as aids, hat! f"r features the
Fan Frarifisco Turn Verein ta-.d Ampri
ran Foresters, the former led by the
v -r>r':r.K section undr-r command of Cap
tain Fr.-d Attlrpcr. First Lieutenant Fr-d
C rr.r.^r and S«-< - ond I^ieut'-na.nt Joseph
f-'trauV The Turners. In a rrat uniform
• if pray nrd each carrying a silvered
w?nd. were followed by Foresters cf
Ami rjra. vho were preceded by Elugo K.
Ashrr. p-rnn.1 chSet rarppr. and ihp otfcer
prand otBtxrm Jr. <arr!apef. The float of
this ordir was a forest 6cer.t\ on which
rode a number of the characters who
l'j;v.» brcorac historic in the anna's of
Korestery from 'he days of Rnliin Hood.
The cfistiim«-B w<:-r" attrrtctlve arid tha liv
ir.ir fisrur^s irere BytnboUca] of '.iberty, be
neroienoe, \:::\\y ar.d concord, xhc nrincl
ple« of lhe order. Th» order paraded
.':>><)¦:• [39 snetuber* with unifurm caps,
\ri-<-<Aort 6 saslif-s rind t^.tcs.
THIRTIETH.
TTTK thirtieth division. mars!ra!ed by
Andrew J.« Glover; with A. Good-
Wend. P. MapnelH. H. W. C. Bo(!!e.
t.'y a liand. with 'he representatives
rf the Ancient Order of I'nited AV^rkmen,
V^eaded by Grhnd Master Workman C. E.
Em olc. Deputy Gr:in<i Workman K. Pan
forth, Grand Recorder C. T. Fnonrer.
<;rp.r.d Tr^-^.surer Sam Booth nr.d Walter
Malloy, pxtrasion eonusltteessan. A float
»-hich w:.« suK-gestlve of the benefits of
t'-.f order mbtvweA two ap.irtinpnt*. one
with every npj^ararice of comfort, the
ether showing poverty and sadness. The
Alumni Drill Corps, consisting r,f tT>.-e!vi»
j-pn from each of Sacramento. Mount
Ilnmflmn. Kr.t*rprls<». Gllroy and San
J..*e j'arlors, followed.
i
TFIOUA8 A. KERRIGAN a<? marshal, i
with R. K. McPherson and Frank T. \
Kenny an ald«. led the way. fallowed i
Donahue. The parlors were Precita (
1ST. whioh c--me«! from the sunny side of
Bernal H< iphis, and beyond tne fog belt j
in the Mission, !n summer fiannel suits, j
T<^rra-cotla hats and warm-colored neck* |
ttes; *"'<!:r!t l>i^.}\n No. 101, «""ape Horn j
No. 203. which iiaii :i float suggestive of
the prrii^n of the earth they came from,
rrd Army .and Navy No. 2'i". Army and
Navy hr.'l frr its Rompanioxu the Daugh
i<^rs of r.i!av«ras Parlor NV>. ifC. N. P. G. \
¦\V\. who made about tbe prettiest picture :
( f the parade. The ladles wore Tight- !
f t:!r.g fhnn dark frocks, with gold braid, j
With this and Tan legsrins and hats uiey I
wore the admired of all.
TWENTY-NINTH.
TWENTY-EIGHTH.
THK fwrr.ty-oighth division was* mar
shsled by George A. Neumiller, a?-
Hstr-.l by J. C. Griffin and James A.
Fe-j'jnia No. ISO, Olympus No. 1K>. Pre-
F&AlQ No. 3Si ar.d a dri'l corps as an aux
iliary, tvith float and band. Sequoia's uni
f'.rni was of the easy ?ort, consisting of a
:i<=c;ipe ,'hlrt. white duck trouper*, white
hats with yellow Lands and yellow boas
for neckties. Olvmpua had me of the
mming vehicles. h~r*el«>ss. in front of It*
rrinks as a reminder of tlic present, and
a- a remir<i<"T of titty years .ago a' mlld
mtaaered donkey trudged alongside of th<>
automobile, wtthmit showing the leapt !>lt
of Jea.l«tiyy. Pr^piJio ha.3 for its uniform
n fac-PirrKe of the irmy officers' fatigue
dress, with white crips.
THE GRAND STAND.
GOVERNOR HENRY T. GAGE ar
rived at the reviewing stand on
Van Ness avenue, near Post street.
Just as the advancing regulars turned for
the countermarch. The splpndfd chargers
of Troop A of the National Guard
swung from the lint?, the troopers, led by
Captain Charles Jansen, forming the
guard while the Governor took his posi
tion In the stand. His Excellency was
received by Grand Marshal Costello. Tie
responded to the salute of Adjutant Gen
eral Seamans, and the cavaJry escort ¦with
drew. A few minutes later Major General
Shaftor. U. S. V.. and staff arrived In
carriages. General Shatter . urged his
portly form from his carriage, stamped
his troupers down around his ankles, and
mounted the steps, followed by his
staff, who were In full dress. Rear
Admiral Albert Kautz, U. S. X., and
staff were escorted to the stand later and
were followed by Major General John H.
Dickinson and staff and Brigadier Gen
eral M. W. Muller and staff— and the re
view was on.
The measured tramp of the regulars
started the vast crowds that lined the
streets to shouting. Governor Gage
bowed acknowledgment to the salutes of
the marchers as did General Shafter, \d
miral Kautx and General Muller. The
military division passed without a halt
and then came the enthusiasm. Cheer
after cheer sprang from the throats of
the marching legion. r>istinijuisherl per
sonages in tbe line and occupying points
of vantage were honored by the many
divisions. As the various parlors of the
Native Sons and Daughters pastfed the
; residence of Claus Spreckels, Van Ness
avenue ami Clay streets, they paused and
to thoir elvers anl salutations Mr. and
Mrs. Bprecktls, who were viewing the
parade, bowed acknowledgment.
Gray-haired veterans of the Mexican
find Civil wars bared their heads In sa
lute as they passed the stand and the
home guard moved as a machine to the
ordtr of their commanders in honor of
including the automobiles and loco
mobiles of various kinds. As these moved
along one could not help thinking 'of the
line from the so-called Mnther Shipton
prophecy, "Carriages without horses shall
go." The display, made up of fifteen car
riages, was a novel one.
THIETY-SIXTH.
THE thirty-sixth division was the last
of the grand parade and was com
posed entirely nf horseless carriages.
and Edward Cartagnetto aids.
There were two striking features in this
division, the Italian Carabinierl and the
float of the San Francisco Gardeners' and
Ranchers' Association. This was an ar
rangement'to represent agriculture by the
product of the ranches very tastfully ar
ranged, with a handsome young lady. Miss
Clelia LaKomarslnn. as the goddess of
agriculture. The balance of the division
wan made up of the Italian Mutual Ben
evolent Society and the. Cavalllcria Gen
ova.
THE thirty-fifth division wan the
Italian division, of which G.
Iaochheri was marshal and J. Kignre
THIRTY-FirTH.
Kuhls as aids. This was made up
of the Schwaben Vereln, the Order of
Hermann's Son* and the Eintracht Rifle
Society. The Hermann's Sons, who turned
out about 350 men, had a magnificent float
that represented Hermann by the side of
his horse, surrounded by a number of his
torical fipures. Hermann was personated
by John Pope: the Goddess of Liberty by
Mrs. L. Keeker; Washington by Henry
Maret; Miss Beidenbach represented Cali
fornia, and several other characters were
personated by pretty Mttlo ptr!s. Occupy
ing a position of honor on this float were
August Beidenbach and Leo Fahri, who
for forty years, have been members of
the order.
THIRTY-FOURTH.
EW. GUNTHER led the thirty
fourth division as marshal, with
• Guptav Guenther and Henry A.
Noble Grand Arch Jam^s F. Martlnonl,
Grand Secretary Graves and other grand
officers rode In Tirriapef. Then followed
the float of the French Colony, one of th<j
moFt artistic in the procession. It was
emblematic of the two countries— America
and France— phowinjr the friendship of the
two countries in allegorical figures. It
was much admired. Quite a number of
those who compose the French Colony
rode in carriages and brought up the rear
of a very attractive division.
CHARACTERS THAT DEVELOPED ALONG THE LINE OR MARCH.
TYPICAL CELEBRATION MARKED THE ANNIVERSARY
THE SAN FRAXCISCtT CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1J)OO.
4
|| TO-DAYS PROGRAMME. I
j ? :i
j? Excursion around the bay, 91S A M r
I v^^^^^^M ofn °1 li lT s V! ing crew at ocean beach ' *
it 9:30 A. M. Drill of Fire Department t
± Seventeenth and Channel streets and I
\l Francisco and Stockton streets, 9 A.M. r
| Opening and inspection of Hall of f^^r-™^^ T.
| Reception to Pioneers, N. S. G. W. f
t <n " * p >> rijTT^czScf," '-^^j^ 1^ Yacht race 1 P Jvl j.
? & f ?*1^M[<L Grand ball, at. Mechanics' Pavilion, f
|| (PSwPffj^ i lull Concert, Palace Hotel court, 8 P. M. jj
6 ADVERTISEMENTS.
$ that emancipates women of all ages from the *5
S tyranny of hard housework. GOLD DUST f|
I Washing Powder is the greatest boon of the f
m century to woman, since it lightens her heavi- r*
f est work. Large package is greatest economy. p
K^l The N. K. Fairbank Company, eweaao, st^Louis. New York. Boston, pfy
ADVZRTISETtfEiSTS.
Women vrere straight and strong. They
could walk or v.ork side by side with the
men of the family. Th4y lived under
p»',y^» '^%fjH healthier conditions;
P'>V^;£v£?lfl t^ ere siore sirn-
5^Ti »V-V-t?"*2j piicit}- and less strain.
ma^iar^i To-day it's different
K?iX£ ti^~$m T1je '•ronan has all
®£yv/Sh tbe care of the bouse
r'yti? i'r'^*«if*5S ar.d the wear of moth-
c\ 5?i3ifl erhood with duties
Y/*~j '^ %« w-cre never dreamed
1 V J SPiSiV of in Grandma's
T'\-\ '.'tn/!-J."'%& da ?"- As a natural re-
•^iV\.V ¦'« ¦ V *' s;1^ £ ' iie ' s worn out
W\\ri**fl v. hen she ought to be
ffi/lSj^^ft- n tlls Iu ** be aT rty of
i?# I "X\\J'^- maturc womanhood.
// V^V Women uho would
« Hi irt %\yv.«d preserve their health
?-f», U:;>XVW and strength should
r*V p/;,tlV'>V^ g"" : ' rd lhe delicate
1 1^ \ V \ ' \ v womanly organs.
! ii •¦'* ' IV^-a When these are dis-
.fcV-V lAt\» ease<l tlje whole body
t v4\ fiW% > e " lo^ of strength
< / "\ VK\ and beauty. Doctor
«VvVw<L W'^Wj Piercc's Favorite Prs-
\y\v-;r u V" \ . tcription cures the dis-
>', d\ , A* ear.es that weaken
S/'-^F&WE^ 1 women. Inflamma-
Z*'''»'r'r <r '' V^* 1 t^ on t ulccration and
r^~^ '^HT* female weakness
jnT£Safr.TV'T»T«i promptly yield to the
power of this great remedy'
¦ I had been c great sufferer from female weak-
lier* for ¦boot i-vro years," writes Mrs. Errcia
Kich-.rdsoa, of Cess, Wayne Co., Ky., "Could
z\A da my ivcrl: t>art of thr time. I tool: lour
bottles bf Dr. i'itn-e's Favorite Prescription and
fcit ca well as I ever did."
i3 r --*^*i'''^l"'-* l .-f> i !fi'?>','' J -''-*f-J!:':"~!b'*'' i " J > vi-v:-
?'• r- ' (¦ - J-; '-* * -j ' . ' i : ' i iy * " / - j"-t ''ft .'('-¦ '-'¦ '
MAKES WEAK VOMEN STPOKG.
SICK WOMFN WEIL."At Texas City three of the residents were drowned. One man stepped into a
well by a mischance and his corpse was found there. Two other men ventured
•along the bay front during t»/e height of the storm and were killed. There are
few buildings at Texas City that don't tell of the storm. The hotel is a complete
ruin. The oftlce of the Texas City Company has some of the walls standing with
all the upper walls stripped off. Nothing remains of the piers except the piling.
The wreckage from GfllvestOD litters the shore for miles and is a hundred yard3
or more wide. For ten miles inland from tho shore it is a common sight to see
small craft, such as st«»am launches, schooners and oyster sloops. The lifeboat
of the llf.e-sa.vlng station was carried half a mile inland, while a vessel that was
anchored in Moses Bayou lies high and dry fivo miles up from Lamarque.
"The Oaiveston News asked to have it announced that all the men of its staff
are saf«v"
"It will take a week to tabulate the dead and the missing and to get any
thing near an approximate Idea of the money loss. It Is safe to assume that one
half of the property of the city is wiped out and that one-half of the residents
have to face absolute poverty.
"Eis?ht ocean steamers were torn from thoir moorings and stranded In the
bay. The Kendall Castle was carried over the flats from the Thirty-third-street
wharf to Texas City, and lies in the wreckage of the Inman pier. The Norwe
gian steamer Gyller Is stranded between Texas City and Virginia Point. An
ocean liner was swirled around through the West Bay. crashed through the bay
bridges and Is now Iyinp In a foot of water near the wreckage of the railroad
bridges. The steamship Taunton was carried across Pelican Point and is strand
ed about ten miles up the east bay. The Mallory steamer Alamo was torn from
her wharf and dashei upon Pelican flats and upon the bow of the British steamer
Red Cross, which had previously been hurled there. The stern of the Alamo is
stove in and the bow of the Red Cross is crushed. Down the channel toward the
jetties two other ocean steamships lie grounded. Some schooners, barges and
smaller craft are strewn bottom side up along the piers. The tug Louise of the
Houston Direct Xavigration Company is also a wreck.
"Of the new Southern Pacific wharf little remains but the piling. Half a mil
lion feet of lumber was carried away and Engineer Hoschke says that as far as
the company is concerned It mipht as well start over again.
"Many 5tnries were m ent of houses falling and inmates escaping. Clarence
N. Ousley. editor cf the Kvehlng Tribune, had his family and the families of two
neighbors In his house when the lower half crumbled and the upper part slipped
down Into the water. Xo one in the house ¦was hurt. Of the I^avine family six
out of seven are reported d^ad. Of the Burnett family only one is known to
have been saved. The family of Stanley G. Spencer, who met death in the Cot
ton Exchange saloon, is reported to be dead. Tho Mistrot House, in the west end,
was turned into a hospital. All of the regular hospitals of the city were un
available.
"Some of the stories of e?cnpc<* are miraculous. William Nishctt, a cotton
man. was buried in tho ruins of the Cotton Exchange Saloon and when dug out
in the morning had no further injury than a few bruised flnpers. Dr. S. O.
Yourp. secretary of the Cotton Kxehanjre, was knocked senseless when his house
collapsed, but was revived by the water and was carried ten blocks by the hur
ricane. A woman who had ir.st given birth to a child was carried from her home
to a house a block distant' the men who wore carrying her having to hold her
};ish above thtir heads, ss (.hie water was five feet deep when she was moved.
SOME MOST MIRACULOUS ESCAPES.
"In the business portion of the city two large brick buildings, one occupied by
Kr.app Bros, and tho other by th<» Cotton Exchange Faloon, collapsed. In the
Cotton Exchange Saloon there wore about fiftoen persons. Most of them escaped.
"Up to the time I I<~ft Galvoston three dead had been taken from the ruins.
Thev were: \
"STANLEY G. SPENCER; manager of the Elder-Dempster Steamship Com
pany. ¦ #
"RTCHARD J,ORT>. traffic manner for denrce McPaflden & Bro.
"CHARLKS U. KKU.ER of the firm of Lamraer? & Flint.
"How many more corpses thpre are will not be known until the search Is fin
ished. The oil mills, the bagging factory, the gas works, the electric light works
nnd nearly ail the industrial establishments of the city are either wrecked or
crippled. The flood Irft a slime about an inch deep over the whole city and unless
fast progress is made in burying corpses and carcasses of animals there Is dan
ger of pestilence.
"The life-savinK station at Fort Point was carried away, the crew being swept
across the bay fourteen miles to Texas City I saw Captain Haines yesterday
and he told me that his wife and one of his crew were drowned. The shore at
Texas City cortnins enough wreckage to rebuild a city. Klght persons who were
f=w?pt across the l>ay duriner th<* storm were picked up there alive. Five corpses
were also picked up. There wrre thrte fatalities in Texas City. In addition to
the living and the dead which the storm cast up at TcNas City, caskets and cof
fins from one of the cemeteries at Galveston were being fished out of the water
there yesterday.
"At the forts nearly all the soldiers are reported dead, they having been in
temporary quarters which gave them no protection against the tempest or the
flood. No report has hcen received from the Catholic Orphan Asylum down the
island, but it seems impossible that it could have withstood the hurricane. If
it fell all the Inmates were without doubt lost, for there was no aid within a
mile.
"The bay front from end to end is in ruins. Nothing but piling and the
wreck of great warehouses remain. The elevators lost all their upper works and
their stocks are <1amaced by water.
"The first hurried plane" over thft city showed that the largest structures,
supposed to he the most substantially built, suffered the most. The Orphans'
Home. Twenty-first and avenue M, fell like a house of cards. How many dead
children and r^fupees are in the ruins could not be ascertained. Of the sick in
St. Mary's Infirmary, toRether with tho attendants, only eigtit are understood
to have been saved. The Old Women's Home on Rosenberg: avenue collapsed.
The Rosenbcrp schoolhoupo is a mass of wreckage. The Ball High School is but
an empty shell, crushed a.nd broken. Every church in the city, with possibly one
or two exceptions, is in ruins.
NEW YORK. Sept. lO.-The Mer
chants' Association to-day sent the
following telegram to the Mayor of
Galveston:
We have read •with sorrow of the terrible
disaster that has visited your city for the sec
ond time in recent years. Anything? we can dj
amiinc commercial Interests to aid you and your
fellow citizens in your dire distress we will
do to the. extent of our ability. If you desire
we will form a committee and solicit publicly
such things aa you may Indicate as being of the
motit ubc to the people to help in supplying
immedlato wants. Kindly advise by wire at
our expense.
Jefferson Sellgman of Sellgrman & Co
of this city has contributed $1000 for tire
benefit of the sufferers by the Galveetou
MANY CITIES
TAKE STEPS TO
AID SUFFERERS
drowned in its mother's arms.
MRS. W. B. JONES and child.
White Kirl. 12 years of ape, unidentified;
found in yard of J. Paul Jones.
MnS. Cr.ARENCE HOWTH.
MR. AND MRS. SCHULER and fh'e children.
MRS. HOTTER ami two daughters.
MRS. DAVIS WAKELEE.
C. H. FIX.
W. F. FISHER, wife, two children, two sla
ters-tn-law and a niece.
MRS. JOHN F. GERNAXD and two children.
MR. AND MRS. J. A. COMPTON.
MR. AND MRS. J. F. BROECKER and two
children.
- HORBECK and boy.
Mother-in-law and sister-in-law of William
Thompson of the fir« department.
THOMAS WEBSTER RR. secretary of grain
Inspector of the port, and family of four.
MRS. J. R. CORELL and family.
"Franco!?, " a well-known waiter, reports the
loss of twenty-two persons who took refuge in
his house. Fix of them members of his family.
MRS. JOHN DOW and three children.
POLICEMAN JOHN BOW attempted to save
his family on a raft, but they were swept
off ard drowned.
WALTER BETTS a prominent cotton seed
produce dealer, and wife.
POLICEMAN HOWE and family.
B. !. MAPTERPON and family.
rOUCKMAN CHARLES WOLFE.
POLICEMAN TOVREA.
POLICEMAN RICHARDS.
Family of Policeman Rowan.
Family of Policeman Bird.
RICHARD D. SWAIN.
CAPTAIN It. H. TECK. city engineer, wife
and five children.
MRS. J. W. MI'NN SR.
MRS. CHARLES WALTER and thre* chil
dren.
MRS. lUnNON'.
EDWARD WEBSTER and two sisters.
MRP. J. H. HARRIS.
MRS. RKBKCCA HARRIS.
PARNEY KELLY.
nrcssiE qvester.
MRS. HARRIS (colored).
.TOE SCHWA RTZRACK.
MRS. QfKSTER, son and daughter.
J. F. ROLL, wife and four children.
JOE HtTGHES.
MRS. KATE EVANS and two daughters,
Kate and Fanny.
CHARLES SHERWOOD.
J. B. PALMER and baby.
MR. AND MRS. GARRT BURNETT and
MRS. Bt-RNETT.
MRS. MOI.L1E PARKER.
MIPS IIATTIE WOODWARD.
HARMON PLITT.
MRS. PETER HAMBURG and four children.
WOOTAM.
MP.P. MURRAY ROUDAOUX.
TESPTE PAVIP.
MAMIE QUEST.
MR. A NO MRP. JONES.
MRF. OORDO.V.
MRS. MAMIE SMITH.
JOSEPH L.ABLIATT.
MRS. PORIN.
MISS JENNIE PORIN.
JOHN M. GERAL'D. wife and two children.
MART ANN WILSON" and baby.
JOHN LYNCH.
WALLACE and four children.
MRF. MUNROE (colored) and three chlldrea
MRS. TAYLOR (colored).
MISS BESSIE CRAMER.
MRS. CHASSELIER and four children
MRP. ABE GORDON and five children.
MTSS MORDOX.
MR. AND MRS. JONES and daughter
MRP. M. BI'RROWP.
MRS. ANNIE McATTIVEY.
SIR. AND MRS. SHARP.
MIPS ANNIE SHARP.
WILLIAM O'HARROW.
MR. AND MRP. SCHULTZ.
W. H. LIPRONY.
PAUL DELAY.
MR. AND MRS. HARRY FOSTER and three
children.
MRS." MORTON and two babies.
VIOLET FRF.DERICfCRON.
MRS. FPEDKRICKSON and baby.
MR. AND MRS. WALTER FISHER.
PARAH SUMMERS.
MRS. PYLVEPTER.
HENRY RIPLEY. son of H. S. Ripley; body
recovered.
WILLIAM FLASH find daughter, of Twenty
fifth street and P avenue.
Mr*. Flnfh was saved.
Entire family living at Thirty-oixth utreet
and QU avenu<\ ronalntlns- of ANOELIVE
PARKER and jrrandcJUlil. TOMMY LESKFR
SULLIVAN PARKER ami his wife LILLY
and their three children, MAZIE, HARNE and
, ALFRED.
' The home of Captain Peek was Feen to be
I overturned when the captain was in It, and
MATTIF. LEAH HAWKINS.
ALFRED FISHER, wife and three children
MRP. REBECCA HARRIS. muaren.
MR. AND MRS. DAVENPORT and three
children.
Thirteen were killed In on* building on
ElKhth and Broadway. Dominick Portette is the
only one of the party who lives to |p]| the tale
Amontr then were: JOSEPH PORTFTtp'
JAMES WREN, wife and six children- MIKK
REOAN. wife and mother-in-law ' ¦ k " lv1 '
MRS. CLTNE, wife of Pr. I. M. Cllne local
forecast official of the United States Weather
Bureau. ' "
; Dr. Cilne and his brother. Joe Cllne and
three children drifted about in the rnpinjr tor
rent for three hours on a roughly constructed
raft. They were nil bruiseri and cut from
their PtnigKle with flying debris. •
Three nesrro servants of the collapsed Cotton
Exch.mif saloon are mifsincr and thought to be
dead. John Labrey escaped "from the buildlne
with severe injuries. s
Colonel J. N, Polk, general manacer of the
Gulf. Colorado and Santa Fe Railroad had
bern in the Cotton Exchance saloon a ' short
time before it collars"^!, and it was reported
that he was among the dead. This however
wes untrue. He has been active in 'aldinir the
suffering. '
Mayor Phelan will receive at the City Hall contributions of
money or goods and forward them to the Houston relief com
mittee. He contributes $1OO
PARTIAL LIST OF
VICTIMS OF DISASTER
Continued from First Page.
S. H BRASHEAR, Mayor, Houston, Tex.: San Francisco
sends to the people of Galveston, through you, her\ sympathy
in this hour of affliction, and I have appealed to their generos
ity to contribute to the relief fund
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Sept. 1O, 1900.
HON. MAYOR JAS.D. PHEL A.N, San Francisco, Cal ; Gal
veston cut off from all communication. Great suffering and loss
of life known to exist there Damage beyond description. Aid
should be sent to Houston, which is nearest base of supplies,
and for furnishing help. Have good organization effected.
S. H. BRASHEAR, Mayor.
HOUSTON, Tex., Sept. 1O, 1900.
VTASTnrCGTn?;, F«rt. ID.— J. D. Fayers, Oov
erncr rf Texas: The rer»rts of the treat
calamity which has befallen GaJveatoa and
ether joints on the coast c,t Texas excite my
profound BjuUMlfajr for the *u CTT^rr. as thej
v'.ll ctir the hearts of the whole country. What
ever h»>!p it ii pofsiMe to rive shall be g\&<i\y
r xtecded. Have directed the F« i cr«>iar} r cf War
WITJ.TAM McKIXLEV.
A copy of this telrpram was sent to the
Mayer of Galveston as well as to Governor
' - *^ • *^» Tex. # Sept. lO.—The mi f wdent,
Wafhir.g p t'«j: XfTg many thank* lor your te]e
jrr^m. Vcur action will be grt-atly appreciated
fri irratrfully rwiK-m b»;re<l by the people of
Texas. I have this- <lay ro^uej>t"<l th<? Fecretary
c.t War to forward rations and t^nts to Oalves
lon. JOSEPH D. PAVERS.
Governor of Texan.
WASHINGTON-. Srpt. 10.— The fol
lowing telegram passed betwee::
the White House and Texas to
Jay:
HOr?TON. Tex., Per*. l?._wi!!!aTn McKin
ley. President cf the United States: I havp
been by the Mayer and Citizens'
Orrrmitte* of Galvcston to inform you that tl">
c'.ty of Gslvpfton Is In ruins and certalniy
rr.ar.y hundreds If not a thousand are dea«l. Thp
tragedy is one of the most frightful in recent
time*. Heir must be piven ty the State rod
ration cr the euffertnir ¦will be appalling. Kool.
dothlns btiI rucrer win be needed at once. Th-»
Trhole tenth ei4e cf the city for three b'.ockr
In front cf the jrulf is nrept clfar of everj'
bsSfibv: the xihole wharf front •:<¦ a wreck
»n«J but few houses in th» city are really habit
at'.e. The water supF-J' *e cut off a.r.i the fooi
etock «lEJr.Eg'e<3 bjr fait water. Ail bridges are
vtfhed eway and EtrsnJeJ stpamers litter the
bar. I left thl« mcrnir.c the search for
t>o<51e« ha^ b^irun. Corr>ses were pvtr)Trh»ro.
The tenriest blew eighty-four miles an hour
%n\ carried the Government instruments away.
At the same time the waters of the gulf were
ever the whrje c!ty. tiavir.g risen tweli-e feet.
Tke water h£s new Fubsifjed and the eur\-ivcr»
*re left hrttffW emor.e the wreckage, cut oft
from the world exeprt hy boat.
RICHARD SPILLANE.
DISASTER STIRS
HEARTS OF THE
WHOLE COUNTRY
r 'vnr.$r to the difficulties of transports
tlon the department expects some delay
'.:- irfttlr.sr a report from Colonel McKib-
I e; .
T w p only troops In Galverton during th*»
f nn was Battpry O. First krtlUery. un
<".' r command of Captain William C. Raf
f>rTy. Second Lieutenant J. C. NicJioi
was the only other oflicer on duty at San
Jaclr.to. The exposed position of th!? post
*-p.upes= the official? of the War Depart
ment to fear for th<? rsfc-ty of its carr:
f=nn. Two revenue cuuot-f, the Ononda^T
;.: .] Algonquin, bare bfen ordered tn pr-'>
mt-ri to Mobile sr'i aw.ilt orders relative
to rmbiible work rear Oaiveston.
•"Under authority of the Secretary of
TVer ship to the Mayor of Galveston.
Texas, fifty thousand rations for use of
ftcrrr. sufferers. Ship as mar.y as you
car. from your <!eparLment at San Anto
r.lo ar.d ra'.l on St. Louis or other depots
for the ba'.ance and ; to replace stores
F?:;rped from San Antonio depot. Inform
This ctSre of your action by wire. Ship
at once.*"
Ffverr.l thousand of these rations ought
t<~. l" c In Oa^veston to-night or early to
morrow mcrnlr.e. Each ration contains
pendent food for one person for a day.
The commissary office at San Antonio.
•which U -4? miles from Galveston, w,i?
Be&t this afternoon thi5 telegram by act
lr.p Commissary General Watson:
Governor Sayers' request for fifty thou-
F&r.d rations and cr.e thousand tents was
received by Actinjr Secretary Meiklejohn
jTist before the close of business for the
day. Orders were at or.ee Issued to the
comm'.Fsary general to supply rations
from the nearest army post and the quar
tennastcr per.erai to furnish tents. Th<>
rearest tents to the scene of the disaster
ere et the post In St Louis and tele
(rraphlc orders were immediately sent to
the Quartfrmaster there to make a. ehip
ir.ect Immediately. Various sized tents
will be e-ent, but it Is estimated that th°
thousand available will furnish shelter
for fTz'.ly C000 people.
Colcr.el Chambers Twelfth
Ir.far.try, commanding the Department of
Texas at Ean Ar.tonlo, was ordered to
proceed at once to G«lvestr>n anil report
cn the character ar.d extent cf the dam
age done ar.d to indicate to the depart
ment -what relief measures were neces
sary.
th« destitute in the «?torm-ridden districts
< f Texas. IJefore leaving: ¦Washinjrton to
nttend the wedding of his niece President
McKlnley sent messages of sympathy and
proffers of aid to Governor Sayers and
a'.6o to the Mayor of Galvston. He re
quested the Governor to indicate to the
"War Department the character and
amount of relief needed and left orders
that ar.y reauests made should be
promptly attended to.
GALL, BUREAU. WEt.L
INGTON HOTEL. WASH
TON. Sopt. 10. — Fifty
thousand rations and one
thousand tents have been
t-.r.t by the Government for the relief of
uncle Sam Loses
No Time in Pro=
viding Food and
Shelter for Tex
as Sufferers.
SAN FRANCISCO RECEIVES
AN URGENT APPEAL FOR AID
Continued From First Page.
DARKNESS ADDS TO
HORRORS AT 8ALVEST0N
An Army Officer
Sent to Galves=
ton to Report on
the Extent of
the Damage.
floods. This firm will also act as an
agent in receiving and forwarding contri
butions.
CHICAGO, Sept. 10.— Mayor Harrison
has issued a proclamation calling upon
the people of Chicago to contribute to the
aid. of the Texas sufferers.
• ST. LOUIS, Sept. 10.— The Post-Dispatch
to-day sent the following dispatch to Gov
ernor Sayers:
Hon. J. D. Sayers. Governor of Texas, Aus
tin: The St. I^juis Pcst-Dlfipatch expresses the
nentiment'of all the people of St. Louis In ten
dering to you and the people of Texas heart
felt sympathy in the great calamity that has
befallen Galveston and a large portion of the
State. The Post-Dispatch volunteers to-day to
become the medium of (sympathetic help be
tween St. Louis and the stricken people of the
ereat State which bears such close relation to
it and sends a contribution to the relief fund.
EDITOR ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH.
The Post-Dispatch contributed $500 and
started a relief movement.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Sept. 10.— Governor
Nash to-day sent the following telegram
to Governor Sayers of Texas:
The people of Ohio deplore the great disaster
which has come on your people and their fel
low citizens in Texas. What can we do to re
lieve the distress?
CINCINNATI, Sept. 10.— The Chamber of
Commerce to-day adopted resolutions of
sympathy for the Texas sufferers and of
fered aid. A special meeting of the Busi
ness Men's Club was called for the same
purpose and subscriptions were started.
LOUISVILLE. Sept. 10.— The Louisville
Board of Trade to-day telegraphed a
message of sympathy and a tender of as
sistance to the stricken city of Galveston.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Sept. 10.— The Sen
ate to-day adopted a resolution express
ing sympathy with the people of Galves
ton and other sufferers from the hurri
cane. The House will pass similar reso
lutions. Relief funds will he raised in
this State and forwarded to Galveston.
DAMAGE DONE IN THE
VICINITY OF HOUSTON
IIOTJSTOX. Texas. Sept. 10.— The dam
age in Houston from wind and water is
comparatively light. One life was lost
here from falling wires. At bay-side re
sorts, about twenty- five miles from Hous
ton, the houses were mostly blown away
and five or six deaths are known, while
fifteen or twenty people supposed to be
drowned are still missing.
West and southwest of Houston for fifty
miles the country has Deen swept and
losses are heavy, but few deaths are re
ported. Rip sugar plantations at Sartar
tia and Suparland have been greatly ln
iure<3 and the mills are In ruins. Cotton
has been widely injured. The losses on
the mainland in an area of more than fifty
miles square are more than $1,000,000, with
probably a score of deaths.
LOS ANGELES WILL HELP.
"Los Angeles extends her sympathy to
your people. We are Raising a relief fund,
which I will send you."
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 10.-A commit
tee of prominent citizens has been organ
ised to solicit relief for the afflicted people
of Galvoston. Mayor Eaton dispatched
the followinR message to the Mayor of
Galveston this mornlne:
FIFTY THOUSAND RATIONS AND
ONE THOUSAND TENTS ORDERED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. 1900.
5
AMUSEMENTS.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK
AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
THE CHEAT DOUBLE OPERATIC BILL,
"Gavalleria Rusticana"
"I Pagliacci."
WITH THE ENTIRE COMPANY ALTER-
NATELY APPEARING.
POPtrLAR PRICES »5c an<l SOo
Telephone Bush 9.
W£r C JP(- 25 AT?
flVHEATRtUi
EXTRA MATINEE TO-DAY
A Story of Indian Military Lire.
THE GIRL I
LEFT BEHIND ME I
Seats for all performances now on sal*.
PRICES— 15c. Ec, 33c and 50c
NEXT WEEK.
"THE WIDOW'S HUSBAND."
Special engagement of ADA LEWIS.
MOR@SCO'S
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAY. SATURDAT AND
SUNDAY.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Sunerb Production of
QUO VADIS.
Introducing In tho Arena Seen*
ADCIE'S LIONS,
Evening Prices 10c. 15c. 23c. SOa
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c.
Matinee Prices 10c. 13c. 25c. SOc. No higher
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
THE GREAT FAIR
AT
TANFORAN PARK
Sept. 24 10 Oct. 6, 1900
r.NDER MASAGIMEST OP TOT
SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN MATEO
AGRICULTURAL ASS'N
To the livestock breeders of California, as
well as to the lovers of outdoor sports tbl«
Exhibition Is dedicated.
The attractions will Include :
A Hlzh-Class Open- Air Moris Show.
Select Herd* of Prize Cattle.
A Complete Exhibit of Swine. Sheep. Oo«u,
Poultry and Belgian Hares.
Extraordinary show of Dog3.
Attractive exhibit of hlgb-clas* Vehicles and
other Industrial displays from leading manu-
facturers of the State.
The out-door sports will embrace Polo Games
between players from Southern and Central
California for Championship. Pony Itacns.
Long Distance Race of s2> miles by noted riders.
Change of horses each milu la full view of Grand
Stand.
ORAND ATHLETIC HELD DAY
CLUB HARNESS RACING
KIGH-CLASS TROTTING AND PACING
In which the Great Stars of the East aad West
will meet and make World's records.
All In all the entertainment will be clean,
dl^nlQed and instructive.
GRAND MUSICAL CONCERTS DAILY
Excellent railroad facilities by both regular
and special trains to Grand Stand entrance.
Entertainment each day from 10 «0 a. m. until
8:00 p. jl
UE.1KT '. < aotKEB, rmHiri
GIOBCS AllIR JZWIIJU, 3»<r»u.7
KSWI.1 P. S5IT1I. 6as«r*l a.»««*r
Weekly Call, SI per Yea*
AMUSEMENTS.
GREAT "ADMISSION WEEK" BILL
The World-Renowned Contralto,
JESSIE BARRETT DAVIS.
YOUNG AMERICA QUINTET. QUERITA
VINCENT, JOHNSON AND DEAN. HOWE.
WALL AND WALTERS. GERTRUDE
MANSFIELD AND CARTL WILBI'R.
WKSTON AND WREN. LITTLE FRANCES
KEPPLER. GREAT AMERICAN BIO-
GRAPH.
SPECIAL JUBILEE MATINEE
TO-DAY. TUESDAY.
Also To-Mo-row, Wednesday.
Parquet, 23e, any scat: Balcony. 10c. Chil-
dren. 10c. any part, except reserved.
EVERY NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
HOLIDAY MATINEE TO DAY,
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
CLAY L. R.
CLEMENT and STOCKWELL,
Supported bv a Strong Company.
IN MR. CLEMENTS IDYLLIC COMEDY.
THE NEW
DOMINION !
Clay Clement as Baron von Hohenstauften
BEAUTIFULLY STAGED.
ALF ELLINGHOUSE. Lesse* and Manager.
'Phone. South 770.
EVERY EVENING.
SPECIAL MATINEE l'O-DAY.
The Bi&cest. the Best, the Grandest.
FERRIS HARTMAN
WITH
The nautical farcical success, presented by a
company of exceptional merit. Fifty people on
the stase. Pretty j?irl!>, handsome costumes,
magnificent stas* st-ttlnes. Popular prices.
1'jc. 2.1o. 2^c and 10c.
Sgra CUT RATES
TO-NIGHT!
liySrYT! est Seat; h Grand
4jC0 Good SrAs Only 25c and 35c.
To-HI?ht— Calfornia Fireworks !
Including Pain's Electric Pyrotechnics.
ABSOLUTELY NEW!
Folsom and Sixteenth Ms. Grounds.
TO-MORROW— MILITARY NIGHT.
SEATS AT SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S.
CENTRAL PARK.
Market and Eighth sts.
Open dally from noon till midnight.
FUN FOR ALL!
NEWEST SENSATION.
THE SLED-SLIDE,
EVERYBODY RIDES.
FREE STREET FAIR AND
PADDY'S MARKET.
MANY NEW AND NOVEL ATTRACTIONS.
ADMISSION. tOc-CHILDREN, .">c.
Tickets ecod for any attraction in the park.
Native Sons and Daughters admitted free on
their barlces
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
liOtntn O Admission 1O 3 .
MAE TUNISON. EUDORA FORDE J F
VIACO. L. E. BEHAN, HOWARD and'CAMP-
BELL, OLIVE VAIL and DUTCH WALTON.
Reserved Seats, 23c; Matinee Sunday.
/][S|||k SPECIAL SALE
Mz§?%- 01 rim 3110
Sealskin Garments
varieties of
iillFll Fur Neckwear,
S^Sk. Repairing, Dyeing
fe^^^ v and Dressing at
short notice,
, FURRIER,
121 Post St>,
Rooms 7 to 11.
Over O'Connor, Moffatt & Co.'s.
Don't Mistake the Number.
Hitchcock School,
SAN PAFAEL, CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Kooms. Oymr.asium. Military Drill.
Etc
CHRISTMA^TEHM^KQ^^G^T^TH.
TRINITY SCHOOL.tIIS
It is <Je6lred to correct an erroneous Impres-
sion that Trinity School has been discontinued.
It will open as usual MONDAY. August 8.
Only boys of Kood moral character are taken.
* * G. s. MEAD. 2203 Central ave.
POLYTECHNIC 5
Has the largest and beat equipped department*
In the West. Regular business and «l\orthand
course. Students may enter at any tlm«. All
graduates In responnlble position*. Fre» cata-
logue. Oakland. Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
10S Grove Street. Phone South 324.
TO-NIGHT, last week, with matinees Satur-
day and Sunday. First time on any atase—
CAPTAIN JACK CRAWFORD'S great Bor-
der Drama, illustrating his life on the fron-
tier, entitled. "OX— THH— TRAIL."
The Call. Chronicle, Examiner. Post and
Bulletin acknowledge it to be tho best scenic
melodrama seen here In years.
Prices, 10c, SOc. 30c. Next— "Bottom , of the
Sea."
SUTRO B«-THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Oi>en Dally From 1 a. m. to 11 p. m.
BathinK From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10; CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, Including admlsiion, 23c; Children. 20a
i ¦ ,
I THE STANDARD FOR CHAMPAGNE QUALITY IS
i i 7li§l«k 1
| XHE WORLD OVER.
JOHN CAFFREY - - - Pacific Coast Representative.
ADVE&TISE2IX2TTS.
I
pffpflpji r?3^PB Bc355^B
What a contrast to the strong, r^ i ~*V \ NA^^^
graceful movements of the wo- & _%t. _ \Nvv^5
man who is in good condition. 5^^sj!gS?^S^
made for well people. At work, /^^^T^Z^^^^^ / / m
in the home, in society — vigorous, yT^^^%^^ : IM /\y^ f/i
active women are the favorites, / yP
Health is woman's right. It
.vill bring her everything worth Vr H'^$fflyW$L n^^^^^t
living for. If she has not this r fl/''^'
priceless boon, she should strive J
There is one relief open to all yMWfi&&ffi%[¥j
women. It is Pe-ru-na, the spec- /M\l^^^&k'\^
tion of the sensi- '
tive membrane which lines the pelvic organs. Being a specific for all
catarrhal conditions, Pe-ru-na easily corrects such disorders and brings
about a normal, healthy condition even in cases which appear almost
hopeless. It does not claim to be a cure-all or a wonderful restorer of
lost youth. But it does claim to heal, strengthen and revitalize the
mucous membrane which lines the entire body.
For a free copy of "HEALTH AND BEAUTY" address Dr. Hart-
man, President of the Hartnian Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.There is a little settlement of New
Hampshire people in Kiowa County, Col
orado. Among other things, they brought
with them the New Hampshire aversion
to using any more words in conversation
than are absolutely necessary. Two of
them met on the road recently and in
dulged in the following dialogue
"Mornin", Si."
"Mornin', Josh."
"Whafd you give your horse for bots'"
Turpentine."
"Mornin'."
"Mornin'." g
A few days later the men met again
and here's the way a hard luck story was
told in mighty few words: y
"Mornin', Si."
"Mornin', Josh."
for^Sfs 1 ?" y ° U Say y ° U gaVe y0Ur horso
"Turpentine."
"Killed mine."
"Mine, too."
"Mornin'."
"Mornin'." -New York Tribune
THE TURPENTINE TREATMENT.
The dress represented is of white em
broidered cambric over a ground ot
straw-colored taffetas. The corsage and
skirt are trimmed with narrow yellow
guipure insertion, with long points on the
skirt and designs incrusted in the muslin.
EMBROIDERED CAMBRIC DRESS.
The schemes of the powers in China are at last be
coming .knowif. After the various nations have pre
pared the feast it appears that Russia and Japan want
to pick the bone alone. :.
Prince Ferdinand, of Bulgaria has a case of the sulks
which ought to suggest itself as a worthy example. to
some Governors nearer home. He threatens to re
sign because he can't have his own way.
Bear in mind that all your patriotic enthusiasm for
the administration and all your ability to refute the
babble of the Bryanitcs will not do much good unless
you get your name on the great register so that you
can vote right as well as talk that way.- .
The local Board of Education, it appears, has
reached the conclusio'n' that it is. a law unto itself.
There is at least one satisfaction that the board in its
strange career can agree with somebody, even itself.
A local Democratic County Committeenian has re
signed his position on the score that his party man
agers are politically indecent. It seems almost un
necessary that he should have characterized the in
decency of which he complains in such a way.
HOURS OF LABOR-C. A. R., City.
The right to legislate on hours of labor is
left to the Legislatures of the different
States of the Union. Congress regulates
the hours of labor as to all matters that
come under Federal jurisdiction. The
eight-hour law of 1,592 passed by Con
gress restricts to eight hours the working
day of all laborers and mechanics em
ployed by the United States, by the Dis
trict of Columbia or by any contractor
upon any of the United States public
works. There Is an tight-hour law gov
erning miners In Germany. In Australia
there is such a law governing miners,
those employed on public works and ser
vants employed in public works. In
England there is no general eight-hour
law, although there is much agitation 'r
favor of. such.
SURLOIN-C. City. Skeat in his ety
mological dictionary says that "sir loin"
Is "bad spelling of surloin" and that sur
loin is that which is above the loin and
adds that "the story about turning the
loin into sir loin by knighting it is mers
trash." The story alluded to by Skeafis
that when James the First was enter
tained at Hogton Tower, near Blackburn
he was more witty In his speech than
usual. While he was at the table he cast
his eyes upon a noble surloin at the lower
end of the table and called out. "Brlnfy
hither- that surloin, sirrah, for 'tis
worthy of a more honorable post, as I
may say, not surloin. but sir-loin, the
noblest joint of all." He did not draw his
sword and knight it sir loin. Dr. John
son was 'the first lexicographer who
changed the spelling from surloin to sir
loin. '. v -*__il_i^_li^^ ¦¦¦**'• '"¦¦
PROPERTY QUALIFICATIONS— W. T..
Vallejo. In most of t'ne colonlps the right
of suffrage was restricted. to a freehold
qualification, sometimes the forty shilling
freehold, sometimes a freehold of so many
acres. The constitutions made in the rev
olutionary periods mostly, provided tor the
former in the Northern and for the latter
in the Southern States, while New Hamp
shire.'. Pennsylvania, Delaware and Geor
gia had simply a requirement of tax pay
ing. The constitution of 17S7 left the mat
ter entirely to the several States, allow
ing all to vote for Congressman who could
vote for the members of the State House
of Representatives. .After 179S, property
•—«ii float ion wap abandoned - in Georsria:
WHO WROTE IT?-A. S.. Oakland." This
correspondent wants to know the name of
the author of the following lines and in
what poem they are to be found:
One by one in the lighthouse
The lamps shone out on high
And far on the dim horizon
A ship went sailing by.
SHAKING DICE— C. R., City. There
are a number of ways of shaking dice.
Without knowing which kind of dice
shaking you seek information about this
department 13 at a loss to give the desired
answer.
ANSWEES TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Warm and even enthusiastic praise is du e to the
men who promoted and organized the grand observ
ance of the day. From first to last all was excel
lently done. The line was long and hours were re
quired for it to pass a given point, but so varied were
the displays made by the different parlors of Native
Sons and Daughters and other organizations taking
part in it, that the interest of the spectators never
wearied. At every moment a new feature of attrac
tive power came into view. Many of the floats will
long be remembered for their beauty and will serve
as models for similar parades in future. In short, it
was a glorious pageant and the' thousands of specta
tors who watched it will bear it in their memories
and delight hereafter to tell of the splendor of the
jubilee day.
has been called by every term signifying the highest
type of the eternal feminine of which men have
dreamed. She has been the star of festal halls, the
wonder of thronerooms, the brightest beauty in the
glittering circle of royal opera-houses, and Princes
and Kings have done homage to her grace and glory:
but she never was more superb than when in equality
with her brothers she marched through the streets
and adorned the celebration of California's jubilee.
It goes without saying that the best of the parade
was the presence of the Native Daughters. For many
a year past it has been rioted that the California
woman is more distinctively Californian than anything
else in the State. Visitors from other lands look upon
her with admiration and rapture. She has been
called a gpddcss, she has been called an Amazon, she
ment made in every feature of such spectacles. The
street decorations arc brighter, the floats are finer
and more artistic, the order of the procession is better
observed and the crowds that throng the streets have
a gayer and more festnl spirit. It is evident that we
are a people who love color and music and light and
motion. We are a community made up of nearly all
races on earth, we have, differences of creed, politics,
h-.nguage.and social customs, but when it comes to
holiday- making and street parades, we are all'Cali
fornians. In that regard it may be truly said there is
but one California and we are the people.
We have become .t pageant-loving people and we
are rapidly developing ?. talent as well as a taste in
that direction. Each new occasion sees an improve-
The day was gloomy. The mists of the ocean had
come'to town to sec the show. They put a leaden
darkness over the sky and they dampened the air, but
they did not darken the brightness of the parade nor
dampen the spirits of those who took part in it. In
fact, the soft gray of the atmosphere formed an artistic
background for the brilliant display that was pictured
against it. Perhaps mere sunlight would have meant
less beauty. At any rate,' no one thought of com
plaining of the mist. The day was fair enough for a
holiday and all of San Francisco and a goodly portion
of the rest of California were out of doors to enjoy it.
/""* ALIFORNIA has made the largest, the gayest
1 and the grandest parade in her history and has a
right to be proud of it. From first to last it
was distinctively Californian. In point of numbers it
was not equal to the mighty procession which New
York marched along her streets in welcome to Ad
miral Dewey, returning home from his epoch-making
victory at Manila; nor in point of splendor
could it compare with the magnificent pageant which
delighted London at the celebration of the jubilee of
Victoria's reign, but it had a charm, lacking in those
superb displays, the charm of representing a whole
people, young and old; men and women; every class,
kind, manner and degree that make up the popula
tion of the State.
THE GRflND PARADE.
FBESH PEOM THE SEAT OF WAB.
Here are a few items culled at rajidom
from the local columns of the Peking
Pegpuller:
Choo Gum is suffering from the removal
of hi9 pigtail Just below the cars. Choo
formerly sympathized with th© foreign
devils.
* Her Majesty the Empress Dowager Is
spending a few weeks out of town.
Cordwood or anything else that is suit
able to hide behind will be accepted for
subscription at this office.
Li Lp, our popular rat butcher. Is on the
sick list. He met two Japs who could
outrun him Wednesday night.
General Chaffee of America Sundayed
In our midst.
M. de Giers Is out again after his ex
perience in the vat of boiling oil.
The death rate is increasing rapidly.
Larpe numbers of Americans. EnKlish
men, Germans. Russians and other Euro
peans have recently come to town. THey
are carrying on In an outrageous manner.
Yesterday marauding bands of them des
ecrated one of the streets leading to the
Sacred City by removing from it hundreds
of loads of dirt that had been walked In
and smelled by all the Emperors for
nearly a thousand years. How long will
these indignities be tolerated?
Eating-houses in the vicinity of the le
gations report a largely increased busi
ness during the past few days.
The movement is one that might wejl engage the a*
tention of the Native Sons and Native Daughters
There is no ether problem of the State more im
portant than this. The destruction of the woods of
California is going forward at a fearful rate. , The
hills arc being denuded and. streams that once flowed
steadily throughout the year are becoming torrential
in their nature, pouring off their waters in disastrous
floods during the rainy season and drying up \ n
summer. We are in this respect wasting at the bung
p.nd the spigot both. ¦ We are threatening the future
with a blight of direful proportions and we are doing
it through sheer negligence in the face of repeated
warnings such as that which has now been given at
Monterey.
*
Surely it is time for '.he people of California to profit
hy these lessons so numerous, so frequent and so de
ftructive. It i< known to every intelligent man that
the full extent of the damage done by a forest fire can
hardly be calculated. It requires a century for a
forest to grow and it may be swept into nothingness
by fire in a single <Iay. Moreover, when the forest
fells there perishes .vith it one of nature's means of
supplying the region with water at all seasons of the
year. Thus a double damage is done and the evil
effects arc felt for years after the fire itself has faded
from memory.
The Call has returned to this subject again and
again during the past summer because the people are
to elect a Lcgislatur/this fail and the preservation of
forestr ought to be made an issue. of the legislative
e'ectior is ever;/ dinrict in the State. From every
candidate fcr :: legislative office the people should
exact a- pledge that if elected he will support some
\ve!l considered plan for providing for a comprehen
sive dnd scientific system of protecting the woods and
conserving the water. supply. The issue ought not to
be postponed. Each successive dry season brings
with it a host of fires in the fields, the pastures and the
woods. Therefore even- year of delay is costly, and
since the Legislature meets but once in two years, a
neglect to act during the coming winter will postpone
action for two years.
rROM Monterey come reports of a forest fire
sweeping over icrcs of territory and destroying
thousands of dollars' worth of valuable trees.
It is but a short time ago since similar reports came
from the vicinity of Los Angeles and not long be
fore that the news of the day told of fires in several
of the mountain counties. Thus in one part of the
State after another these object lessons occur, all
teaching the same truth that no reasonable system of
forest preservation would be half so costly as is the
re gleet.
ONE MCRE OBJECT LESSON.
PROSPEBITY ALPHABET.
Abundance of work.
Better times.
Calamity dethroned.
Duty performed.
Expansion realized.
Free silver exposed.
Gold standard continued.
Hawaii annexed.
Independence to Cuba.
Justice to all.
Knowledge promoted.
Liberty extended.
lYT.cKinley'3 re-election.
National honor upheld.
Opportunities improved.
Protection assured.
Quantities of employment.
Roosevelt a winner.
Stability of credit.
Trade extended.
Union forever.
Values upheld.
Wages increased.
"Xs'* more plentiful.
Yankee Doodle Dandy.
Zenith of prosperity
—Cincinnati Commercial-Tribune.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS. !
T. M. Baumgartner, a wealthy merchant
of Chicago, is at the Palace. He 13
among the grand army of business men
of the East who have discovered that
there is an Immense growing traffic be
tween this port and the Orient.
II. D. C. Richards, one of the high
priests of railroad circles in Boston, Is ¦»
guest of the Occidental. He is here on a
trip which combines business with pleas
ure.
John Wolfskill, a prominent merchant
of Los Angeles, is registered at the Pal ¦
ace. He came to the city to witness ttwj
splendid display of the Native Sons' cel=
bration.
, J. D. Coughtin. a wealthy stock raiser of
Lakevlew. Oregon, Is a guest of the Lick.
D. C. Mitchell, a successful mining man
of this State, is registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
E. G. Manassee and wife of Napa are at
the Palace.
T. L. Reed of Reedley is registered at
the Grand.
J. B. Chinn, a mining man of Porter
ville, is at the Grand.
Railroad Commissioner Blackstock is A
guest of the Grand. >
*O. P. Posey, a big mining man cf Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
G. W. Armsby and wife are registered at
the Palace from San Mateo.
O. E. Weller, a rich merchant cf Bos
ton, is staying at the Palace.
L.. D. Baker, a prominent railroad man
of Boston, is at the Occidental.
Willis Pike, a well known lawyer of the
southern metropolis is at the Grand.
O. B. Hinsdale. a big rancher of Gar
diner. Oregon, is registered at the Lick.
in Maryland in 1801; Massachusetts. 1821;
New York. 1S21; Delaware. 180; New Jer
sey. 1844; North Carolina, 1S5* and lsaS;
South Carolina, 1SC5; Virginia, 1S50. Near
ly all the States have done away with
such qualification, but in South Carolina
there was a change since 1865. An intend
ing voter must show that he is assessed
for property valued at $30rt or more. The
same rule applies in Louisiana and In
Rhode Island he must be the owner of real
estate for at least one year before he can
vote.
MOTHER'S LITTLE HELPER
Aunty — Whom do you love best?
Dolly— Mamma.
Aunty — Who next?
Dolly— You.
Aunty— Who next?"
Dolly— Baby.
Father (from the background)— Airl
when does daddy come In?
Dolly— About two in the morning.— Tha
Sketch.
ONE MORE i:\FORTUXATE.
"David."
"Yes, Martha."
"Something dreadful has happened.**
. There was a tremor In her voice, and
the old man straightened up. He noticed
that she held a letter.
"What's wrong?" he asked. "Is any of
the children sick?"
"Xo. Last week I saw a piece in our
farm paper that said If I sent a dollar I
could find out how to get rid of rats and
roaches. I sent the dollar."
"Yes?" : ¦
"Hero's what they wrote back:«'ilova
away.' "
Then the poor old soul wept as if her
heart would break.— Chicago Times-Her
ald.
THE WOMAN AND THE EDITOR.
The Baltimore American traces this bit
of iocal color:
She wept.
"Oh, you editors are horrid," she
sobbed.
"What is the trouble, madam?" inquired
the editor, as he blue-penciled two para
" graphs that had com? as an Inspiration
to the young man. who was "taking uj>
Journalism'." *
"Why. I— boo-^-hoo— I sent in an obituary
of my husband, and— boo — hoo — and saiii
In it that he had been married for twenty
years, and you — oo — oo — boo — hoo — your
printers set it up 'worried for twenty
years.' " . ... -
She wept.
But the editor grinned.
Perhaps It was all risht, all 'round.
Who knows?
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
SOMEWHERE in or on this side of
the Straits of Magellan there la a
speck of a vessel, which before she
reaches her journey's end, will have
beaten the Oregon's famous run in the op
posite direction by several hundred miles.
This small craft is the tug Slocum, the
property the quartermaster's department
of the United States army. It was found
necessary to have a tugboat in TS-in Fran
cisco harbor, and the only thing the <3e
•larlment could do was to send one around
from New York. The Slocum, which Ava
bought by the Government In 1S0S, was
faelotled and was put into dry dock for
lepairs for the long and perilous journey.
Shq Ks the largest tugboat ever built on
Uh> Delaware, "and was launched in 1S08
at Hillman's shipyard.
1 h«. present journev will test the quali
ties of the stanch little craft to the ut
most, and her log will be read with inter
est by seafaring men when she makes
port.
The worst part of the trip Is that
through the straits and- just outside on
this coast of the South American conti
nent. Heavy seas are the rule in this part
The tug is constructed of steol through
out. Her length is I<i2 feet, beam 23 feet
and depth of hold 10 feet, and her draught
is from 14 to 1R feet. She has two steel
boilers and triple expansion engines,*with
1200 estimated horse power. She is eloo
trie lighted and has steam .steering gear.
The total distance of the voyage is 14.204
miles and the sailing time is 57 days an!
14 hours. She will coal several times on
the trip, as her capacity admits of steam
ing only about 30OO miles without replen
ishing her bunkers.
The Slocum is in command of Captain
K. J. Hampton, United States army, quar
termaster's department, and has a sail
ing master and navigator.
The Slocum left Xew York July 12 last.
Six days later she was reported at St
Thomas, West Indies, and August 12 was
at Buenos Ayrcs. She was to make steps
at Punta Arenas In the straits and at
Callao and Acapulco. on the west coast.
Her average rate of speed Is ten miles an
hour.
of the world, and sometimes steamers of
largest size find difficulty in making head
way. Even the great battle ship Oregon
had to run to shelter on her trip east
ward when she struck the entrance to
Magellan.
To that end the Governor should be requested to
set as soon as the first call for help comes from Texas.
Indeed, it would be well for him to appoint the com
mittee nt once. Wben the people of a sister State
arc suffering California should not wait for urging
to proffer assistance.
In a case of this kind there should be nothing of
personal advertising. ;ior should any self-seeker be
permitted to take advantage of it to make a profit
or a reputation for himself. It is well known that
whenever great disasters occur and widespread appeals
for contributions are made there are many subscrip
tion papers put into circulation, and not infrequently
dcunright frauds arc worked upon the generous in
that way. A committee appointed by the Governor,
;,nd having representatives in every county, would
guard the public against that class of fakers, and
would moreover be more likely to raise a liberal sum
for relief.-
It is clear if help l>e needed the request will come
to the people of the whole State. Consequently the
Governor, as the official head of the State, is the
proper person to take the initiative in the matter. He
should appoint a committee representing all sections
ci the State to receive the contributions Californian?
will make to the relief fund and promptly forward
them to the authorities in Texas.
rROM the reports that come from Gjtlvcston and
other parts of Texas concerning the damage
done by the hurricane of Saturday, it seems
probable the extent of the loss will be so great that
an appeal for aid will he made to the nation at large.
it goes without saying such an appeal will be promptly
responded lo. and the people of California will be as
ouick and as liberal a? any in contributing to the
need? oi the Miffercr-. It is therefore worth while
to consider at once the best means of acting should
the appeal come, so that no delay will occur and no
;nistake be made.
THE GALVESTON SUFFERERS.
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER u, '1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MAXAGEK'S OFFICE ...Telephone I'rens 204
»'l ULICATIOA OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone I'rcaa SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... 217 to 221 SteTemon St.
Telephone Press 202.
Drlirrrrd t»y r«rrl<T«. IS Onto Per Week.
Single Coplea. 5 Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Inelnrtlnsr Pqstacet
DAILY CALX, (Including Sunday), one ye»r $«.M
Z3AIL.T CALL (Including Sunday). « month* H.W
DAILY CALL, (including- Sunday). I months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
FITCDAT CALL, On« Ynx l.M
WEEKLY CALL One Year LOO
Ail pov( ui&iitcrB Arc so t h orl n*n to >?C"C •?"! ?©
¦obncrlptlons.
Eaaiple copies will be forwarded wben requested.
Mall rebseribers In ordering chanpe of address should be
particular to give both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
" insure a prom pt and correct compliance with tbclr request.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
BRA5CP OFFICES-K7 Montgomery, comer of Clay. op*n
until *:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 5:20 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
. »:S0 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. E61 Market,
comer Sixteenth, open ur.ttl 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until S o'clock. 10C Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
The President should be thanked for clearing the air. That his letter will win for him
the respect of all his countrymen, who respect what deserves it, is undoubted. It is a grat
ifying illumination of the situation and the country will walk forward more confidently in
The obligations of a protectorate are distinctly imperial in their nature: If there be
a future reaction against holding the Philippines our responsibility then must cease with
our sovereignty. This goes straight to American common sense. It leaves Colonel Bryan
without a foot to stand on or" a place to plant it. It exposes the puerility of his propo
sition, the half-balled conditions of his views. With it anti-expansionists cannot quar
rel It leaves no room for controversy.
This transfers the whole debate to the future, to a time to come, to a day on which
this nation is to declare its permanent intention and its lasting relation to the Philippines.
Into this field the President pursues Colonel Bryan with logic that is inexorable. In the
briefest form he cuts Colonel Bryan's proposed policy out of its gilt frame and holds it up,
stripped of all accessories. The stage properties and grease paint, the trickery of light
and shade, are taken away and in this almost cruel nakedness the President presents it:
"In short, the proposition of those opposed to us is to continue all the obligations in
the Philippines which now rest upon the Government, only changing the relation from
principal, which now exists, to that of surety. Our responsibility is to remain, but our
power is to be diminished. Our obligation is to be no less, but our title is to be sur
rendered to another power, which is without experience or training or the ability to
maintain a stable government at hcrme and absolutely helpless to^ perform its inter
national obligations with the rest of the world. To this we are opposed. We should not
yield our title while our obligations last."
When this time and the future which is "now discussed shall have become the past
that statement will stand.
The country will neither repudiate nor harshly judge a President who is able to offer
justification in terms of such force. Submitting to his countrymen the reasons that im
pelled him and the conditions that seemed to justify them, it is now in order for his
opponent to traverse the case again and point out where he would have, clone differently,
and how. Would he have ordered Dewey out of Manila Bay after Montejo's fleet was
sunk, and where? Would he have disfavored the ratification of the treaty of Paris, and
why? Would he have left the citizens and subjects of other nations domiciled in the
Philippine? to the protection of such government as would have remained after Spanish
sovereignty was cut by the sword? Let him state specifically the difference of policy at
any point in the past. Of course, he will not do this, because he cannot. It would not be
good for his fame to do so.
Upon our external policy the President takes the country unreservedly into his
confidence. What lie has done may fall short of the expectations of some. It may
overgo the wish of others. But he in no degree trims or tacks to please either. In no spirit
of vainglory, nor greed, nor fondness for the exercise of power, he tells the story from the
beginning with clearness and simplicity. The beginning of our grievous responsibili
ties is given — it is history. The progressive unfolding of events, each bringing its du
ties and each a key to what had preceded, is stated. It is difficult for any friend whose
rebuke is kind, or any enemy whose criticism is noxious, to review the narration and
point out the exact place at which any difference of policy either could or should have
been followed. It is plainly discernible that the President clearly comprehends that we
are not at the end. The conclusion may be far or near. But we can neither run nor
stand until we reach the point from which either must be done.
The country will receive with lively satisfaction the President's clear statement of
the establishment of the gold standard and its effects and the necessity that it shall not
be overthrown. Treating his opponent with the greatest courtesy, he states, with fair
ness, his opposition to the gold standard and his enmity to sound money and, crediting
him with honesty of purpose, quotes the pledges he has solemnly made to wage un
ceasing war upon the /fold standard, sound money and the public credit, until they are
piled in a common ruin. There is no use splitting syllables over how this is to be done.
Colonel Bryan is pledged against the gold standard and the President is pledged to it.
Those who believe that standard to be the^mly safe and necessary foundation to the
public credit, to the profits of trade and the welfare of labor, have the issue made plain.
That, they will vote their conscience and their interest in November is saying that
bamboozlery has never yet captured the American people.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S letter of acceptance will strike a popular chord
throughout the country. He wisely deferred it until the fire of the opposition had
been drawn and then returned a broadside of unmistakable force and clearness.
It is a plain and strong statement. The business and industrial condition' of the country
is so set forth as to be within rather than beyond the facts, and is in most striking con
trast to Colonel Bryan's persistent calamity appeal, made now as the overture, again
as the interlude and sometimes as the finale of his appeal for 'votes. The country's
common sense at once sees that the President's moderate and truthful statement of
economic conditions suggests the risk and hazard of a change to an administration un
der Colonel Bryan, who closes his eyes to what is and pretends to see what is not. Ajiain
the President salutes all of his countrymen of every section, treats them as embarked
together, sailing in the same boat to the same destination, while he wishes them all,
without invidious distinction, equality of happiness and fortune. Really, sending his
letter is grateful relief from the daily preaching of the gospel of grudge and appeals to
class to raise its hand against class, indulged in by Colonel Bryan.
The chances of saving the May Flint
are small indeed. . When running on the
Atlantic Coast she was bulkheaded. but
when shf came to the Pacific the bulk
heads were taken out and a few hundred
tons added to the carrying capacity of
the ship. Had the bulkheads been kept
in the vessel she would now probably be
safely moorerl on the Mission mud flats.
As the case, now stands the vessel 13 In
a position trfat menaces shipping, and tho
owners will have to decide at onca
whether to blow her up or raise her. The
chances favor another pyrotechnic tiia
play.
She Is Now a Menace to Navigation
and Shipowners Want the
Wreck Raised or
Removed.
The wreck of the May Flint Is buoyed.
and steamers making a landing at the
Mall dork or going from the flock at the
foot of Third street toward the Oakland.
mole ha\-e to keep a sharp lookout In or
der to get clear of the "menace to navi
gation."
Divers -went down yesterday morninff.
and their observations show that the May
Flint ltes with her bow toward the Oak
land mole, while her stern is lying mid
way between Mission Rock and the Mall
dock. The whole forward part of the.
ship on the starboard aide has been torn
cut. This shows that the yards on the
sailing vessel were backed too late in or
der to avert the collision. As the May
Flint came up the bay she attempted to
go to the left of the Iowa, but when th©
wind fell light she lost the headway. Cap
tain Woodside depended upon and drifted
down upon the ram of the warship.
The buoying of the wreck is not as
pood as It might be. but nevertheless tha
lighthouse Inspector has done all he can.
In the circumstances. He has placed a
boat with a light over the wreck,
and navigators will have to keep tab
on it. If the owners of the wreck do
not make a move in a few days a per
manent buoy will be placed over the
wreck. •
Divers Say the Chances Are
Against Salving the
Vessel.
MAY FLINT MAY
BE BROKEN UP
WITH DYNAMITE
McKINLEY'S LETTER OF 0CCEPT0NCE.
The Slocum,' Only a Mite on the Bosom of the
Occam, Buffeting Her Way Over the Billows
• ¦.,-•¦ ¦
J From New York to San Francisco.
QOVERNHENT TUG IS COMING
BY WAY OF MAGELLAN STRAITS
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1900,
TITO THAT IS MAKING BUN THAT BIVAXS THE OREGON'
6
Most of the tourists will not vie rich
They have saved up their holiday money
by long self-denial, paying Installments
for twenty months past. Young school-
marms, bright mechanics, smart college
lads will form the major part.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 515 Mont-
gomery Bt. Telephone Main 1043. •
Special express rates very low on Town-
send'3 California Glace Fruits; fire etched
boxes; 5(>c per pound. 633 Market street.
Palace Hotel building. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound in fire-etched boxes or Jap baskets
£-33 Market street. Palace Hotel. • *
Lovely Ice Cream and Soda; fine view
of Market street from our parlor 633
Market street, Palace Hotel. •
Ice cream by the gallon at Townsend's.*
Pure fruit Juices used at Townsend's. •
Ice cream and soda at Townsend's. •
Splendid Peanut Crisps. Townsend's. •
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "The Girl I Left Behind Me."
Columbia— "The Xew Dominion."
Alharr.bra— "Ship Ahoy."
Orrk^urrj — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Quo Vaflia."
Tlvoli— "CavaUerlx Rustieana" and "I Pasliaccl."
Olyrr.pia, corner Ma«on and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
.-ering.
Fischer' 5— Vaudeville.
Alta Theater. Gr^ve street— "On the Trail."
Paia'f Battlp of £an Juan. Folsom and Sixteenth streets.
Central Park— The Sled-Slide.
gutr> Bath? — Orx-n nlchts.
Tar.foran Park— The Great Fair. September 24 to October 6.
Use Dr. Slegerfs Angostura Bitters to «tlmu-
late the appetite and keep the digestive orjEn*
In order.
Dr. Sanford'a Liver Invigorn*or.
The best liver medicine. A vecetablo cure Jot
liver Ills. blJiousnes3. indigestion. con»tlpatl3n.«
To accommodate the citizens of Stockton and
the San Joaquin Valley the Santa F» routs
will start their Bakersfleld local from San
Francisco at 1<> p. in. on Sunday, ilonday and
Tuesday nltjhti Instead of 8 p. m.. the usual
leaving time.
An Important Announcement.The rarest corals 1? the world are to bo found
in the Philippines aii-l have now become Amer
ican property. As trecious as this Jewel ¦ is.
th?re is stilt a rarer tne, and that Is the Jewel
of health. It may fee possessed by «ny one,
¦who will keep th©*-«a?eEtlon active and the
bowels regular with tlostetter's Stomach Bit
ters, the king of all remedies for Indigestion,
dyi-pepsia, constlpatiol, biliousness, belching,
heartburn and ! sleeplessness. Try it.
\
Rare Philippine Jewels.
Taken From the Prison at Wetumpka
and Hanged Without the For
mality of. a Trial.
MONTGOMERY, Ala.. Sept. 10.— Zeko
Floyd, a negro, was taken from jail at
Wetumpka late last night and hanged.
Floyd had entered the sleeping room' of
two young women and when discovered
jumped from the window.
LYNCH LAW FOR AN
ALABAMA NEGRO
General Wade Will Take Temporary
Charge of the Department of
the Lakes.
CHICAGO. Sept. 10.— General Joseph
Wheeler, U. S. A., retired to private life
to-day, having reachr-d the age limit of
64 years.
General Wade will be temporarily in
charge of the Department of the Lakes
until General Otis arrives. General
Wheeler will ro to his home In Alabama,
and he and his daughter will take a trip
abroad.
WHEELER RETIRES
FROM ACTIVE DUTY
GLASGOW*. Sept. 10.— An official bulle
tin issued to-day shows an additional case
of the bubonic plague has been reported.
Total to date, sixteen cases and 112 per
sons under observation.
Another Plague Case.
British Lose Thirteen Men Killed and
Twenty-Five Wounded at
Spitzkop.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— The War Office has
received a report from Lord Roberts say
ins 1 General Bull^r. on September 7, at
tacked and captured the Boer position at
Spitzkop. He adds that the Boers re
treated over a narrow causeway, losing
heavily. The British had thirteen men
killed and twenty-five wounded.
BULLER CAPTURES
A BOER POSITION
Special Dl*ratch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 1(L_— Another politi
cal bet of $10,000 to $4,000 that McKinley
will be elected was reported to the Re
publican National Committee to-day. J.
A. Saunders. who represented Colorado in
the Republican National Committee four
years ago. called at the national head
quarters and told of a waper ne had made
in Chicago. Mr. Saunders said that he
would like to place other bets on McKin
ley at the same odds, but that thus far
he had found no opportunity to do so In
New YorK. The men with Bryan money
he believed are holding back expecting
that the odds against the Nebraskan can
didate will be Increased.
HEAVY ODDS ON THE
RESULT OF THE ELECTION
"I am willing that we shall Imitate,
whatever other nations have that Is good,
but I do not believe this nation is com
pelled by force of circumstances to imi
tate anything it does not like and does
not want."
"The Republicans are on the defensive.
We are attacking the Republicans. They
are trying to explain and to defend, and I
helieve they will find it impossible to de
fend their policies before the American
people.
Mr. Bryan spoke in a reminiscent vetn
for some time, and ssiiri in concluding his
address: "My friends, we have to meet
issues and the club organization is an ad
vantage. The club ia good, because it
first brings together those who are sup
porting our principles, and second, by
coming together they Rather an enthusi
asm and inspiration that takes them out
and makes* them do 'cood work.
was introduced by M. V. Cannon, presi
dent of the club.
SAN FRANCISCAN
THE VICTIM OF
A MURDERER
Unknown Assassin Crushes
the Skull of J. E Ma
honey Near Tracy.
Coupling Pin Is the Weapon Used,
and the Slayer or Slayers Flee
in Buggies From the Scsne
of the"crime.
STOCKTOX. Cal.. Sept. 10.— The body of
a man supposed to be J. II. Mahoney of
San Francisco was found this morning
near Tracy with his neck broken. It is
believed he was murdered by being struck
with a coupling pin. The tracks of two
buggies were found leading from the spot
where the body lay, about seventy feet
from the railroad track. In the pockets
of the man's clothing were billheads of
D. J. Mahoney & Son, San Francisco, and
letters to the same name. The Coroner
believes the deceased is J. H. Mahoney.
The dead man is about 30 years of age.
At the residence, in this city, of D. J.
Mahoney, senior member of the firm of
Mahoney & Son. draymen, but itttle In
formation could be obtained, but sufficient
to Indicate that the dead man was a mem
ber of the family. The lady who answered
the reporter's questions declined to give
her name. She said:
"From the description furnished, I think
the man found dead near Tracy is my
brother, J. H. Mahoney. I have tele
phoned to Stockton and can get no fur
ther information. My brother left the
city on business last Friday, but as to his
destination I cannot say. He was a mem
ber of the firm of D. J. Mahoney & Son,
and 27 years of age."
STANFORD. Sept. 10.— The French depart
ment of the university has announced the ap
pointment of Professor Peter L.e Fort to fill
the vacancy caused by the resignation of Pro
fessor F. G. Davidson.
CHICAGO, Sept. 10.— W. J. Bryan was
the guest of the Nebraska Bryan Club
of Chicago to-day at a reception held at
the Sherman House. Colonel Bryan met
several hundred people, after which he
BRYAN ADDRESSES
THE NEBRASKA CLUB
Among those who visited Senator Hanna
was Congressman Landis of Indiana, who
urged the Senator to make several
speeches in Indiana. "I am going to be
too busy to make many speeches: there
is much other work of a more difficult
nature awaiting me," he replied.
CHICAGO, Sept. lO.-Senator M. \ A.
Hanna arrived In Chicago to-day to take
charge of the Republican national cam
paign. He was busy nil day with Vice
Chairman Payne of the National Com
mittee at national headquarters prepar
ing the programme for the next three
weeks. •
"There Is nothing to say concerning the
campaign, except that things are looking
rosier every day," was the Senator's con
fident assertion to his callers.
HANNA WILL DO BUT
LITTLE SPEECHMAKING
The Populist convention spent the even
ing session in a wrangle over the repre
sentation of the various counties. This
had been made arbitrarily by the State
Central Committee, as no straight Popu
list ticket had been voted for in the State
since 1893. Serious charges of fraud wero
made against certain members of the com
mittee. Finally a compromise, suggested
by Hon. Thomas Patterson, was adopted
and near midnight recess was taken until
to-morrow. : ..;••;¦
DENVER, Sept. 10.— Three State con
ventions met here to-day— Democratic,
Silver Republican and Populist. An effort
will be made to effect a fusion. This is
understood to be favored with practical
unanimity by the delegates to the Silver
Republican ,and Populist conventions.
Among the Democrats, however, there is
a division on the subject. A State ticket
is to be chosen, but the greatest interest
is felt in the effect the result of these con
ventions will have on the race for the
United States Senatorshlp. Senator E. O.
Wolcott, whose term expires, is expected
to be the Republican candidate. For the
opposition there are a number of avowed
or tentative candidates, including Gover
nor C. S. Thomas and ex-Governor Alva
Adams, Democrats, and Thomas M. Pat
terson, Populist. The candidates for Gov
ernor before the Democratic convention
will be former Attorney General Joseph
H. Maupln of Fremont County, James B.
Orman of Pueblo, Cass E. Herrington and
R. \V. Speer of Denver and ex-Secretary
of State C. II. S. Whipple of Ijeadville.
FRAUD CHARGED AT THE
. POPULIST CONVENTION
There were two meetings to-day, one
beginning at 2 o'clock for those outside
the city and one at S o'clock for the In
habitants of I-a Crosse and immediate vi
cinity. Special excursions were organized
from distant parts of the Stntc. Both
meetings were held In the rink, an im
mense buildlnK, which was crowded. Tho
numbers outside exceeded many times
those able to get in.
At the afternoon meeting Senator Nel
son of Minnesota spoke upon the issues
of th« day with great effect for three
quarters of an hour. He Introduced Gov
ernor Roosevelt, who was received with
nattering cheers. In the course of his
speech Governor Roosevelt said:
"We are confronted in this campaign
with two issues, of which they say one is
paramount and the other is immediate.
The paramount issue is militarism and
imperialism and the immediate issue Is
free silver. They have Insisted as little
as possible upon the latter. They have
been for it, but not so much for It as to
frighten the gold men away. You can
not be half-heartedly for a depreciated
dollar. You may tlnd difficulty in mak
ing up your mind. At Kansas City they
had great difficulty in determining what
to do iri regard to the linancial plank of
the platform. If you remember, they were
only able to decide what they thought of
the currency bill after calling in the
first fruits of modern imperialism, in
the shape of Hawaii, to cast tlie deciding
vote for them. You remember they stood
about even until Hawaii's representatives
made up their mind for them and enabled
them to declare that they had 52 per cent
of faith In a 43 per cent dollar."
IvA CROSSK. WIp.. Sept. 10.— The spe
cial train bearing Governor Roosevelt
and his party left for Fargo and the West
at 11 o'clock to-night.
ROOSEVELT SPEAKS
ON NATIONAL/ ISSUES
Ma!n«» stands by the ppjcndiii administration
nf William McKinley. Thfl voters of the Pine
Troe State have given to-day the largpst Re
publican maiority ever givpn in the history of
the State to" any party, with the single excep
tion of four years atto. when our opponents
were completely larnlyzed and threw th;?
smallest vote they ever cast in a Presidential
vrar since 1SG0. The Republicans, njrainst a
determined nnd united nomocracy, have car
ried every county pave one In the Ptate. elect
ing more than K>n out of 1S1 members of th«
Keeislature. Which will return to tlie United
States Senate \VUllam P. Fry"- We have
elected our delecnttnn to Congress l;y majorltie»
ranpInK from 7f.no to ift.OOO. We have carriM
the" Ftate by 31.0C0 majority, out of a total
vote of lir',000.
The Republican State ticket was elected
with all but four Congressmen and a great
majority of the Legislature. There was
every Incentive for voting, and the cam
paign had been a spirited one. The vote
was not quite as heavy as in 1S96, but ex
ceeded that of the 1S3S election by thou
sands. The Democrats gained much satis
faction from the earlier returns, showing
as thev did. a gain in four years of from
IS to per cent. This increase over tho
1SQ6 vote did not apply to any particular
locality, but seemed to be general
throughout the State. *
The Republicans, however, had rather
discounted the falling oft In the vote for
the Maine district ticket I'rom that in 1896.
and the managers were not at all sur
prised at an apparent loss of 12 per cent
shown by the returns from tho lirst 150
towns. Their entire ticket, headed by J.
P Hill for Governor, was elected, as were
all four of the Congressmen— Allen In
Reed's old district. Littlefield in Dingley's
old district, Burleigh in the Third and
Boutello in the Fourth.
The campaign throughout the State, ex
cept perhaps in Cumberland County, was
fought entirely on national Issues. .In
Cumberland County, with Portland as a
center, there was fought one of the most
interesting contests in the State. This
was solely on the liquor law, its enforce
ment or lion-enforcement, the Republican
representing the latter and a Prohibition
candidate the former issue. The light was
Returns to 10 o'clock to-night indicate
that the Prohibitionists had landed their
candidate for Sheriff.
As to the legislature there were few
Democratic gains. This body will meet
in January and re-elect William P. Frye.
AUGUSTA; Me.. Sept. 10.— J. II. Manley.
chairman of the Republican State Com
mittee, sent the following dispatch to M.
A. Tfanna to-night:
PORTLAND, Me., Sept. 10.— Carrying
out Its traditions of many years with but
one break, Maine went Republican In the
State election to-day by a good old-time
majority.
In Cumberland County There Was
an Interesting Contest R-egard
* ing the Enforcement of
the Liquor Law.
Campaign, Fought Almost
Entirely on National
Issues.
MAINE AGAIN
GIVES MAJORITY
TO REPUBLICANS
LONDON, Sept. 10.— The Chinese Minis
ter in London, Sir Chih Chen Loh Fen
Luh, It is understood, has received cre
dentials authorizing the opening of peace
negotiations. It is intimated that similar
powers have been conferred on the Chi
nese Ministers at other capitals and that
their credentials are such as will satisfy
the American and European Governments.
AUTHORIZED TO OPEN
PEACE NEGOTIATIONS
NEW YORK. Sept. lO.-Some days ago
Robert E. Spcer, one of the secretaries
of the Presbyterian Board of Foreign
Missions, cabled to Shanghai asking def
inite information as to the persons killed
early in the summer in the massacre at
Paotlng-fu. The reply came to-day from
Rev. J. Walter Lowne. The names in
cluded in the message are G. Yardley
Taylor, M.D.; Rev. P. E. Simcox. wife
and three children, and Courtland Van
Renzlaer Hodges, M. D., and wife.
WERE MASSACRED
AT PAOTING-FU
LONDON; Sept. 11.— Lord Salisbury will
return to London Friday when some
fresh developments In the Chinese situa
tion are expected. Beyond Japan's reply
showing her intention to continue to oc
cupy Peking there is little to throw
further light. From Shanghai comes a re
port that Li Hung Chang has dispatched
an urgent telegram to the Empress Dcw
ager at Tui-yuen-fu announcing the pur
pose of the allies to advance to Pao
ting-fu and perhaps even further. The
Tientsin correspondent of the Dally
News asserts that everybody in Peking 13
living on "bully" beef and hard tack.
FOOD IS SAID TO BE
SCARCE IN PEKING
"TAKU (no date).— Adjutant General,
Washington: Afternoon 4th. Evidence ac
cumulates that diplomatic relations will
not be resumed here for a long time. The
members of the Russian legation will
leave very soon for Tientsin. It appears
to be certain that the Chinese Govern
ment will not return here while the for
eign army remains, and if this is true our
legation can transact no business. My
opinion is that Peking is to be merely a
camp for the foreign army pending settle
ment by the powers at other points.
•|CHAPFEE."
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.— The following
dispatch has been received at the "War
Department:
PEKING IS MERELY
A MILITARY CAMP
WASHINGTON. Sept. 10.— Tho Chinese.
Minister. Mr. Wu, to-day delivered to the
State Department a copy of the imperial
edict conferring on l.i Hung Chang abso
lute and unconditional authority to ne
gotiate with the powers for peace and for
the settlement of questions growing out
of the war. The edict is dated on the
last dav of the seventh month, Chinese
calendar, which is about August 24. It
is issued by tnc Emperor and not the Em
press Dowager, indicating that the former
is now exercising those imperial functions
which some of the powers, notably" Grrat
ISritain, have Insisted belonged to him,
rather than to the Empress Dowager.
The document docs not show the place- at
Which it was issued, but it was transmit
ted through Pao-ting-fu, and probably
emanated there, as the imperial household
has been at that point for somo time.
LI AUTHORIZED TO
NEGOTIATE FOR PEACE
The Japanese, it is announced, will soon
land GOO soldiers. There are reports cur
rent that American troops are also to be
landed. The United States battleship
Oregon is expected to arrive to-morrow.
Mr. Hockhill. the Special Commis
sioner of the United States Government,
will start for Tientsin to-day.
Li Hung Chang yesterday promised. Mr.
Goodnow that he would telegraph to tho
local ofllcials of Chili to furnish escorts
to the treaty ports for all the mission
aries who were still there. Li Hung
Chang requested Mr. Goodnow to cable
to the Department of State at Washington
that he was greatly pleased with the ap
pointment of his "old friend Foster" as a
peace commissioner.
Karl Li and minor officials continue to
send memorials to the Dowager Empress
thanking her for ridding the country of
foreigners. All the information coming
from the interior is that except in those
parts of the country which the troops oc
cupy the people believe that tho Empress
lias won great victories and driven out
the foreigners. It is asserted that they
will continue to think bo until the foreign
cts who were compelled to flee are able to
return and conspicuous punishments are
inllicted in retaliation for those who were
killed.
The massacre and persecution of Chi
nese Christians continue everywhere, and
it is said the anti-foreign leaders intend
to exterminate them. .
It is impossible to get the numbers of
the Catholics killed, but there were many
French priests and sisters and some were
from the country whore the Russians are
lighting.
There were also several Swedish and
Danish Protestants.
The list of missing numbers: Americans—
20 men, 21 women and 20 children: British—
¦U men. 40 women end 11 children.
substantially the same stories. Ten men,
thirteen women and seven children are
known to have been there.
WASHINGTON*. Sept .- 10.— Thn
developments of the day in the j
Chinese situation still point j
to a speedy withdrawal of |
the United States troops from ,
China. Gem-ial Chaff ee has
sdded the weight of his opinion to that j
already entertained by many officials ]
here. It probably is significant that the !
general's statement on this point was j
Eivon publicity by the administration. j
No confirmation is at hand here of the j
report that Groat Britain and Germany
have joined In an agreement to remain,
together in Peking regardUss of the atti
tude of the otner powers. Should this be
true the fact doubtless would hasten the
rearward movement of the American
troops, for thore Is a determination to
avoid becoming involved in any clash
with the powers, as mlfiht reason
ably be expected to follow the execution
of this reported. Britlsh-Cierman pro
gramme. If there have been any further
responses to the Russian note relative to
evacuation, their purport cannot be ascer
tained. This delay no longer interferes
with the execution of the American pol
icy. Tnc Suite Department has a reason
aoly accurate understanding of the atti
tude of even those powers that have not
made formal resporses to the Russian
note so that the mere written record of
their views is not of importance. The
part of the problem relative to with
drawal that remains unsolved is the best
means of securing guarantees lor the at
tainment of the few objects set out in Sec
retary Hay's note of July 3, which have
not yet been «t cured.
Possibly guarantees must be obtained
from two Fi<i<»i* — trom the Chinese Gov
ernment as to the security of American
treaty rights; and the creation of a claims
commission, which shall provide for trie
payment of Indemnity for the losses suf
fered by American citizens and for the
expenditures on account of the IVking
relief expedition. Then it is entirely pos
sible that it may be regarded asineces-
Bary. iZ any of the allies refuse to leave
Peking ard persists in a war of conquest,
that the interests of the United Staves
Sn the matter of trade, of the "open door"
and of all riphts now guaranteed to us in
China by treaty. b*» made a matter of spe
cial agrecm; sit between the United States
i.nc this warring power. It rines not fol
low that because the United States troops
r.re to bo withdrawn this autumn from
Chin?., our interests will be loft com
pletely at the mercy of the other powers.
On the contrary such disposition win be
made of the troops that they, with th«
othe-rs. can be returned to China in short
i onier. if necessary. To this end the en
' tire army ot General Chaffee will be quar
: tered In pome of the pleasant portions of
the Philippines. If they are wanted ncain
; in China they can be transported insid«
: of a week, thoroughly refreshed and fitted
for effective action.
Minister YVii has not yot been clothed
with powers by his Government to eflect
a settlement of tho Chinese trouble di-
I reet'.y with the Washington authorities.
| The "official?: are inclined to believe thnt
n" Hiieh large power as this will be con
ferred upon him. although he may, as
th n Chinese Ministers In Kurope. play rin
' Important port in the preliminaries to the
I Institution of regular negotiations through
commissioners for a final settlement.
MISSIONARIES WHO
WERE KILLED BY BOXERS
SHANGHAI. Sept. 8.— John Goodnow,
the United States Consul General here,
after inquiries in every possible sourre.
learns that the number of British and
American missionaries murdered during
the uprising In China, has been ninety
throe, while 170 others stationed in Chili
and Shan^l provinces are unaccounted for,
and there Is reason for the belief that
they have met the fame fate. Of those
whose deaths have been absolutely proved
twenty-two were Americans— eight men,
oight wiir.cn and six children; thirty-four
wf re British — nine men, fifteen women
and ten children. Thore is strong proof
that thirty-seven more were killed at Tal
yuen. All the natives from that place tell
Will Be Quartered 3m Some PIeas=
ant Portion off tihe Plhilipptaes
Whence They Caira Agaaan Be
Placed in the Field at a Few
Days 7 Notice, if Necessary,
TROOPS SOON TO BE
MOVED FROM CHINA
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— After revela
tions made in affidavits by wives
of the two pugilists, corroborated
by others concerned in the deal, no |
one can well refuse to believe that
a gigantic swindle was perpetrated on the I
public by CorbeU and McCoy. What pu
ported to be a jfrlze fight, it seems, wa3
nothing more than a carefully rehearsed
imitation. More than 173,000 was taken in
at the gates and a much larger sum was
realized as a result of the wagers made in
a manner that amounted to sheer rob
bery.
These facts, which have been more t.ian
surmised since the fight, are set forth In
affidavits made by the wives "of the two •
pugilists, each of whom has brought suit
against her husband for divorce. When
McCoy, referring to Mrs. Corbett, quoted
"Hell hath' no fury like a woman
scorned," he might also have had his own
wife in mind. McCoy last week served
papers on his wife for divorce. Now h<s
is In hiding to escape service In a counter
suit. The charges made against him are
of a sensational nature. Divorce Is de
manded on statutory grounds. Mrs. Selby
concludes her petition with the declara
tion that her husband bargained to for
feit the tight with CorDett ror a price anj
that ho posted $10,000 to guarantee that he
would keep faith with his co-conspirators.
"Eddie" Burke, one of the best known
bookmakers in this country, is named as
the man ¦who held the forfeits posled by
the two pugilists.
McCoy brought his marital troubles to
a .climax by beginning action for divorce,
his brother serving the papers on his wife
last Friday. McCoy named James Kin
ney and George Stearns as co-respond
ents, charging his wife with improper con
duct with them.
' Mrs. Selby's response was prompt. She
consulted Mr. Hummell. the result being
nn ordep-for nrrest obtained from Judge
Scott, who named the bail as $5000. Mc-
Coy's arrest was planned for to-night, it
being the intention to serve the warrant
when he returned to this city from a pic
nic. McCoy's friends, however, heard of I
the contemplated arrest and gave the j
pugilist warning. I
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Tn her answer to her husband s com
plaint Mrs. Selby says among: other
things: "Recently my husband has bo
come possessed of a larpe sum of money.
amounting to J1C0.00Q In cash, which he
secured in the following manner:
As such nrof^Psional prize tighter
my husband. Norman Selby,. other
wise known as 'Kid' McCoy,
entered into a conspiracy In which a con
test was to take place between him and
one James J. Corbett. It being prear
ranged that he -was not to try to win
said contest, but to permit himself to be
defeated
"An additional part of said conspiracy
was that the parties got up a cipher code
for telegraphing purposes and from time
to time my husband dictated to me tele
graphic messages, which I wrote, and
which were telegraphed to Harry Hinds at
Cheyenne. The telegrams were to the ef
fect that said Hinds and his co-conspira
tors were to bet that Corbett would be the
victor In said contest."
Mrs. Corbett in demanding a divorce
from her husband practically corroborates
everything said by Mrs. Selby.
She said to a Call representative: "The
meeting in my husband's saloon when it
was said that a fight was narrowly avert
ed was prearranged for the purpose of Im
pressing the public. Jim told me that a
friend of his named Harry Hinds had
charge of the betting in the "West. My
husband bet several thousand dollars in
this city and when I last saw him he saiil
that he had -made about $50,000 out of the
fight.
"Now he has pone to England with an
other woman. Well, she is welcome to
him."
When he left New York Corbett took
with him moro money than he was sup
posed to possess. He had In his pocket
$21,000 In bills. He took with him also a
letter of credit drawn on the Paris Rank
(limited) of London, calling for $100,000
and a second HUer of credit drawn on a
Paris bank for f.7).000. It Is asserted that
he and the young singer whose departure
was coincident with his own were booked
on the Campania as "Mr. and Mrs. Mar
tin." The young woman's mother occu
pied stateroom No. 1. while George Consi
cline occupied stateroom No. 5.
Like Mrs, Coribett She Files Suit for
Divorce amd Oaves Some Inrfor
m&tiioini Regardamg Reeemt Boot
at Madlsoe Square in a Sensa
taoina!! Aff adavat.
McCOY'S WIFE SAYS
FIGHT WAS A FAKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1900.
7
WALLACE, Idaho, Sect. 10.— A wreck oc-
cur red on the Northern Pacific east of Mullan
to-night. A relief train carrying physicians
has left here for the scene. It is reported that
Daniel Connor, conductor, was killed.
Dr. E. L. Perrault has resumed practice
at 33S Sutter st. . ¦ ~ *¦¦;'¦
[ Buy Union Shoes
Will!
Jade in California.
Native Sons and Dausrhtera and
every cne interested In our State should
help our waee-workers by calling for
TInion-niade Shoes. The Slebe Khr>«
Co. and G. M. Kutr & Co. are the only
union shops In this city manufacturing
ladies" fhoes. Their Ftyles are the lat-
est and retail from $2.00 to $5.O0.
t You help yourself when you buy Call-
S forr.la l."n!on-rnade shews. You keep
I money in circulation here that othfr-
4 \i1ec- WDulil go East. You help develop
? our industries and clve employment to
I our men and women. You get better
> ¦w-raring Fhoes and the prices are with-
? In the reach of all— ?2.O(> to
s For sale by
B. KATCHINSKI,
| PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
> fO Third St., San Francisco.
7 Sole Agent* for Gloria $3 50 Shoes
s for Ladies.
I Official programme of celebration
7 plven away free.
H 1 FT nnillf Corne r Fourth and
lirr Hi A M " k "-- F B^
UHI L IIU I HL sr-ow-SU-Ka
Vali*e» checked free.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fcr the cure of GONORRHOEA, GLEETS,
RTR1CTURES nnd analagous complaint* uf tha
Or cans of Generation.
*>nce » a bcttie. For aale by drucxlsta.
ADVSIXTISZIilEJrTS.
1 i
Th" jacket pict-irort above is
cf olertrie seal, beautifully lined
Throughout with heavy satin—
dto;. reveres— high storm ool- i
lar. It it= an elegam little jacket
nnd uill b«» sold at a wonderful-
; iy low prio- not many, s*o order
to-day if possible.
MXK SCARrS,VERYr\SH10N\BLE
i RIVER MINK, horse shoe
« j shape $173
5 ROCK MARTEN, horse
Fhoe shape 12 Zi
| EABLE OPOSSUM, horse
s shoe shape $4 I>9
J BLACK MARTEN, horse
fhnf shape $3 01
| BIA'K FOX. animal scarf . .JS C«>
> RED FOX animal scarf... JS 59
| EAULE FOX, animal scarf J?:?
* CO.IARETTES 4VD STCRM COL-
* L4RS.
Octrii? sea! with a?tra.kan
i-okp J5 (V)
Klpctric pea! and sable hair.Jj M
Electric seal with river
mink roke *•>
Hirer mirk 53 0) j
CAPIS.
Or«r SM st>1cs to choose from. '
Electric seal capes with river j
% f rr.ir.k eoll*re: !
u \ 14 inr-hes J 7 n'l i
l< inchM * s:t) * ;
IS {ncbes HO <Q S ;
Elactrlc seal capes with Cana- g
* rliri-. ott*r yoke: fi
".4 inches J15 (v> i I
y. ;nche? $1" :>0 I !
1? inches t2<iOJ
K'mrio tseai capes with astra- j
V: in :••«••>: i I
IS Inches til »1 : I
* ! l
ri \THER B04S.
t Clack, prays and natura.ls — '
the "':^?:est assort ir.c-nt !n San
Francisco makes choosing ea«y—
" i ynnis long. .J10 and 512 .v) \
V-& inches lonpr. -JIj and $17 t ¦' '
U ir>-i"57 lost St.San Francisco
¦ , ., sjf
i
lY01IN6MEN!/^n
w-h teric nnrs "^.'rXA^A^X
r» B3*3 about jouy. \»^V/l-ou
v;-r A* $ S " n r. a t ural
S? '* weakness and
JV jf £&& S *'.\ troubles which !
r %^ y£\ y f Thnusan-Js of tnpn
/ & \r \f y eurr<l at heme. Call or
' W ? / DR. COOPER & CO.,
\^ ;\\S KPIARNY ST.. S. K.. Ca!.
TTbea xce fay ¦'rurturc rured" we mean it.
For :t If a fart that during the past 20 y«>ar»
DR P'-KRCE'S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
his CURED thouFands of capes. Nothins «>l»e
"ike It. llett retainer made. It does the work,
irveftisat* fcr youn=»>!f. C7"Can tor * 1 Book-
lrt No. 1." or eer.4 2 cents in stamps. Ad-
ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
C2O Market Street, San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway, New York City.
DR. HALL'S RElSVlG0RAT0R[g9E3S
Five hundred reward for any m$& iH@fc
c£ee we cannot cure. This secret *¦* *~R
reniedy ftop» all Ir,8«e« in 2t hours, j a
cu-es Emission*. Impotency. Varl- ggM ES{
cccele Gor.orrhcea. Gleet. Fitt. T* pw
f-'tiictures. I»st Manhood end all *,/<. lijV-
w.-if *;r.c effect» of self -abuse or SSrt {gfr;
<>xcPFcea Sent sealed. 12 :>ottle: 3 BltfCBS^^<
hcttles JS: guaranteed to cure any ca»e. Ad-
ire«s HALVS MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
J'.rr.adway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 107Ji»
Market /t.. 6. F. A1J privaU «li«case. aalckly
cured. 6end for tree book.
.- tf &* ? *• • non-pciBocoi^
,*/£L.J&& ti^SS*i J & T"za«j tor Gonorrhoia.
*-£!5*3rcVBS.^%& *?!««*. Spermatori ho-a,
jC5^i-lt»t««7t.^Sc «bi*ea, nnnatpr a i di-r
*X £% azixtxitl t «"^argW4 « «*7 inflc^tn*
f, u$ % ,i sot to nrtetaK. tion, i irritation or ulcers*
p. ,n CT i ..'>r ; ' oontasloBL tion cf dqooqs xucn>
fe^-ftTHFEyH'CS CHtM-rit Co. branea. M«j-Mtrlji£ent,
%:\,V " /£*£ b 7 expreai, prcnid. tit
5. f - OiJ ' or * bctti«as*2.ri.
•M^QpWriCya^y B Clrcoja* seat ui* "*»'^tf^
»
PALACE HOTEL
It 1« unti'erBally acknowledged that thesn
hotels po5s»s» the attribute that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and aervlc*
and euperlor appointments and location.
Connected by a covered pasKaceway and
operated under one iranarrment on the
American and European plan*.
GRAND HOTEL
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA DITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
ttrength to sexual organa. Depot. t23 Market.
S^^BJBSS«SS«^BSMSMI*
Jhe Weekly Cal
$1 per Year.
i? QGZtZvel? cored ty tbeee
lAttic Pills.
They also relieve Dbtrcssfrom Dyspcp^
Indigesticn Too Hearty Eating. A per.
Cect remwly tier Dizziness. Nansea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste m the filoutn, Coated Tonga*
Pain in ihe Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Ungulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. .
Small Pin. Small Dose*
. Small Price*'
i IF'
YES, IT WILL PASS MUSTER.
Every washablo cartnent a 'man we»rs,
; if pfnt tr> our laundry, will afford not only
! patlsfaction but gratification to the owner.
i We ran't afford, to return your linen tr>
I you in any other way than "well done.'*
| and it's »-xtr»-mply "rare" that we do.
j Domort'o finish for fulldress shirts If
' you order it.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Near Powell.
Telpphono- South J-2O,
Oakland Office-62 San Pablo Avo.
? 0f040t0l0-»'0*0t0f0*0>0»0»0f
itfifiSHY HEALTHFUL! f
? fij A Natnral Mineral Water *.
? * }th medicinal qualltla*. O
? J^^ For lEdigestioa-aai 2
o /'i^'-j^A titoaiaca Disoraars. °
li^m 50^^ VICHY 1
? jPllllgl IN SIPHONS %
\%.%j&£0M Get the Genulns %
O A. ViGNlER. Distributing A?W. I
? c#o#a*o*o#o-*'v.*~*«-»o*o»o»o-#
MANHOOD RESTORED "ci/f joe«e."
N>HUUUUU lltOIURLU Thla great Vegetabl*
Vitalizer. the prescription of \
j i. ,..„ famous French physician, will
Xw£^* SP? Quickly cure yoa of all nor-
S$i<cJ?''&+i-Z tive ontnna. such a* Lost Man.
£ cas /-Vft hood. Insomnia. Tains In th«
W?» ** Rf3 Back. Nervous D»hillty. Plm-
EaC V'-**- Exhaustlnc Oraina. Varl-
\3CyjV cocele anil _onstl»atlon. It
/••*« vtoss all losses bv day or
nUht. Cupl>1en« c!ean:>es th<»
liver. th» kidneys and the urinary orjjans o? all
impurities. Cupdlene strensthena and restores
small weak oreans.
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors
Is because W pt-r cent are. troubled with Prosi-
! tratltm. Cupid«-ne the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. SOOT testimonial*!.
A written iruarantee. Riven and money re-
turned if 6 boxes do not effect a Dermanent
cure. $1.00 a box. ft boxes for K>.00. by mail.
Send for frre circular and testimonials.
Address Dnvol Medicine Co.. in EUla «t.. Ran
Francisco. Cal.. Grant Drus Co.. 5S & 40 Tfcird st.
Avisr? OR- JORDAN'S great < I
{MUSEUS Of flU«OBvJ
a Ofo ic;mmigr.tateaa7a,s.rca < i
T Q" "5" hc Lv^ent Aoatomical Museum in the
A •'J^j [ V.'ond. We^ra^-^ or any contracted 1
'/ X*- ,jC) «:«•»<;- p<-»i«i»«-»7 turad t:y the oMsit '
5' fwyl .ir>cc:i:i'Cri'. tin. Coist. EjLjtyaii* * I
A J^^A OH. •tJSDAH-PaiV&TS DISEASES «
T t^^SSa Co.«uH»tton frsn and strictly prirate. \
a A X§*1 H lr * lmcrtt P"V>"''l [ y ft by letter. A g
\ M V M I* **"' tnc ''"*'' in «*«<y case nndertakee. \
Atfln lift. Hr ¦ e(or B^:.Pa<I.O5i»l"l«!fcf A
" u ii jEAnm.tcc, « uled piiaa. <Af
A & Im Mlua^is booh fcr orn; V
Y D1S- JonDAK A CO.. lC51MarSetSt..aF. J
MARKET ST. S.P
RHEUMATISM
m \. « « cured—"
by the waters and the mud baths
and the hot mineral baths of
BYRON tfOT SPRIIVGS
Address A. BETTEXS. Manager.
Byron Hot Sprines. Cal.
LOMBARD ft CO.. 2S Geary mt.. City Ayrts.
MM — "^ ™^— — — *—^— —^^^^
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlsbad cf America. Is now open for the
winter season. Address C. T. ROMIE. Paraiso
Springs Cah
HLAMATM WOT SPRINGS.
The healthiest re»ort In the prettiest county ta
California. Trout flshlng— finest in the State—
. Shove'. Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hantln«—
plenty of earn* In surrounding mountains —
Jtrous*. quail deer and bear. EDSON BRO3..
Proprietors. Deswlck. Slsklycu County. CaL
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake County to
tp«nd your vacation. Beating, bathln*. bowl-
ine, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Lanftl Dell. Lake County. Cal.
KAHLER'S new summer resort. Cazadero. CaL
—Home cooking, excellent fishing and hunt-
Ing; general mdse.. choice llquora, cigar*;
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN-ESTABLISHED 1881
<!f >0*S^- =: !^>s*|§||*vgjgx We have gained our pres-
/¦^yiv^^vS^^S'f^ e P t h'P'* standing by curirg
/¦i^S^S^^P^^^^^^^ «3£^^?^S onlv !n their earlier stages,
(^^OvsK^^^^^S^^^^ "**==E?£-C23&M but those which had become
//gsegpspsp?" ¦ chronic and dangerous by
(^gjjj^*^/^ '"^V"Ga *' a(1 treatment or neglect.
>'33g^jg^Bg ¦ "^SBiB Every member of our staff
'^^^^^ ""^siSfv as had many years" expe-
$*x2»y%/y/'/ rit^nce in hospital*. Renerrv'.
{£ S J&j&i ! 4 -|li^^3 Our treatment elves vim.
k'~ \iW%s, —^J^SS'k^'i^^A^VvN vigor, vitality, strength and
W W$ 'jd^^'ZSgf/l) 3^^^ \ ppondent men, young or old,
V> » » Y\^' s^0*yir i^^^L«^ married or single, regardless
• \ « vfwf '• ' .">^ »§^*j °^ tne cause °' their trouble.
* \ w^ rR'tfilt / "»i s>^x^j ¦ niBStcr vwoLPtinjj tvc&ic*
' \ * W'Vl// <$f ness, unnatural drains,
/y^mWi'Jj'if, fAxM%LV$Mi / losses « etc - quickly and per-
'Wml X^^^^^W/^y and contracted dissa3es.
W^^^Ml^m^i^^^ including contagious
vfflr/A f^ bl °° d P° ison ' stricture,
WfflK : varicocele, hydrccels, rup-
w%w- \^ Ii \^^^^MdM^<^0^' ture ' piles> diseases ° f th =
%Pli kidne y' s P ine ' bladder.
n«MAiiliAl'ginn f-.* Our reputation is the best. We
J.nnQll T3I rl0P arc popular because we cure our pa-
ll UBlUlll BUI lUII I I UU quickly and permanently.
Any one doubting our ability and wishing to test our methods, rem-
edies and appliances may deposit the price of a cure in any bank in San
Francisco. I' a cure is not effected in a reasonable time the bank
will return the money. Payments may. be made in monthly installments
if preferred. Prices reasonable, alike to rich or poor.
731 Market Street W™ >2#^#
SAN FRANCISCO. ljJNlKAX<OJ!i Sundays— 9 to ItEASTERN MARKETS.
California Fruit Sales.
Shipping Intelligence.
Neiv York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
33,800 barrels; exports. 6163 barrels; sales, 8500
packages. Market fairly active and steady,
with : a moderate demand for both spricj- and
winter wheat grades. ¦* __
"WHEAT— Receipts, 131.273 bushels; exports,
3' 079 bushels; sales, 2,JDO,000 bushels futures,
SoicoO bushels exports; sr>ot steady. No. 2 red.
Ts^ic elevator: No. 2 refl. 80%c f. o. h. afloat-
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 83%c f. o. b.- afloat;
Xo. 1 hard Duluth, 87jjc f. o. b. atUiai. Cp
tions opened firm and kenerally well .sustained
all day. but very quflpt- pending the Govern
ment report. Strength! was Imparted by. higher
cables, foreign buytngr.fa demand for shorts and
rains • in the Northwej:. Closed steady nt Me
advance. Sales inclufed : No. 2 -'red, March."
83?;@83%, ; closed S3}<jt; September, 7Sliia79c.
NEW TORK. Sept. 10.— Beautiful
weather, a perfect track and a first-class
card were the features of the opening dav
of the grand circuit meeting at • the Em
pire City track. About 3000 people wit
neesed a great day's sport. ¦ Ten - met in
the 2:12 trot and Bay Star was made the
BAY STAR WINS.
One mile and an eighth, selling— The Devil
won. Defender II second. Klnsteln third Time
1:53-:
CHICAGO, Sept. 10.- Weather clear,
track fast at Harlem. Results:
Five f wlpm?*— Tuskarosa won. Tola eecond
El Oriente third. Time, 1:01 1-5. '^oaa.
Six furlongs, selling— Highland Lad won
Sim W second. Abe Furst third. Time 1-R '
Steeplechase, short course — Frond won Nee
lieence second. Reno third. Time, 3:38 2-5.
One mile and a sixteenth.— Crosby won, Owens
boro second, Macy third. Time, 1:46 4-5
Six furlongs-Silurian won. Bonnie LJssak sec
ond, Wall third. Time, 1:13 3-5.
Seven furlongs. Belling— Miss Reid won,
Klnem Respice second, Decist third. Time.
l:2S?i.
Five furlongs, selling— Emma C L won. Pine
Chip second, Willard third. Time, 1:02.
Six furlongs, selling— Corder won. Earl Foneo
second. Brulare third. Time, 1:14.
One mile and a sixteenth — Pirate Belle won
Nettie Regent second. Miss Soak third. Time',
1:46%.
One mile, Felling— Flag of Truce won Aber
gat second, Henry Launt third. Time, 1-43%
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Glad Hand
won. Jack Adle second. Rideau third. Time
1:07%. '
DETROIT, Sept. 10.— Results at Wind
sor:
One mile and three-sixteenths, celling— Fox
Bard won. Brldgeton second, Kitty Clyde third.-
Time, 2:O3»4.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lO.-Excitlng finishes
characterized the racing at Kinloch Park
to-day. Track fast. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Zanetto won, Canrobort
second. Silent Friend third. Time, 1:16%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Ladas won. Early
Bird second. La Mascotta third. Time. 1:29.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Pirate's
Daughter won. Monos and Gold Badge ran a
dead heat for the place. Time, 1:09%.
Six furlongs, purse— The Light won, Maggie
Davis second. Necklace third. Time, 1:1414-
Handicap, one mile and seventy yards — Goto
bed won. Ida Ledford second, Joe Doughty
third. Time, l:47>fe. y
Day at Kinloch Park.
Exciting Finishes the Feature of the
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Sept 10— Stmr
WHhelm der Grosse, from New York for
Bremen. #
BREMEN- Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Fried-rich
der Grosse, from New York. Sept 9— Stmr
Aller. from New York.
Sailed Sept 9— Stmr Prlnces3 Irene, trlVn
New York. t ¦•
MURORAX— Sailed Sept 9— Stmr InverncJ
from Yokohama for Seattle.
GLASGOW— Arrived i*»pt lO-Sttr.ra Ka.stalia
and Ontarian, from Montreal.
Sailed Sept &— Stmr Buenos Ayrian. for
Montreal.'.-.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sept 10-Stmr Fr^eslanJ.
from New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Octavla,
from San Francisco, via Valparaiso.- etc.
SYDNEY. N S W— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr M!u
wera, for Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept !V-Stmr Umbrla.
frrm New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS
XANAIMO — Arrived Sept 9 — Nor stmr Tltanla.
hence Sej>t 3. ¦ - '
KINSA-E— Fasaed Sept 5— Br ship Clan
Galhraith. hence April 26 for QueensMwn.
LIZARD— I'as?e'l SeDt 9— Br barU Inveresfc.
hence April 23 for Queenstown. ,
LlVEKPOnLr-KaMe'l £ept S— Kr ship Matter
horn, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Seat 7— Br ship
Clan Galbralth, hence April 28.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Sept S— Br
stmr Rokeby. from Manila. Prior to Sert 10 —
Stmr City of Peking, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu, for Hongkong..
Arrived Sept 10-Schr Pioneer, hence Aur 23.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 9— Schr Central
SlKlin. from Cooks Inlet: bark Mermaid. fr->m
Golcvln Bay: schr Martha W Tuft, from Cai»»
Nome. Sept 10— Stmr Elihu Thomson, from
Car" N>ime.
Sailed Sept 9— Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Sept 10— Strnr San
Pedro, from Cace Nome.
EUREKA— Sailed Sept 10-Stmr Eureka, for
San Francisco.
COOKS INLET— In port to sail Aug »-Bark
Prussia, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWN-SEND—Passed ln Sep t 10-Shlp
Jal>ez Howes, from Dutch Harbor
Sailed Sept 10— Schr Muriel, for Noumea
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Sept 10— Schr Albert
Meyer, from Redondo.
Sailed Sept 10— Schr North . Bend, for San
Francisco.
WESTPORT- Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Navarro.
hence Sert 9.
GREENWOOD — Arrived Sept 10 — Stmr
"Whitesbcro. hence Sect 9.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 9— Schrs Vn-
Iant. Abbie and Lena Sweasey. and stmr»
Newberg and Despatch, all for San Francisco.
Sept 10— Schr Guide, for San Francisco.
NUSHAGAK— Salted Aug 27— Darts Un
daunted, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Cblumbfa.
for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SPOKEN.
July lS-Lat 2 N, long 28 W. Br ship Silber
horn, from Newcastle, Enp.. for San Francisco
July 29— Lat 2 N. long 23 W. Br ship Port
Stanley, from Antwerp for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 10 (10 p. m.)— Weather
fogjry; wind SE; velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
TheJ reporting of the ship John MePonaTI
from Baltimore for San Francisco Is an error.
It should read: New York. Sailed S?pt 7, ship
John McDonald, for Baltimore.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, September If).
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, 9 days and 23 hours
from Dutch Harbor.
V S stm.- Farrasut, Nicholson. 5 days from
San Dieco.
Br stmr Wellinrton, Ryan. 8S hours from
Comox.
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson, 78 hours from New
port.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. 5T hours from Cbos Bay
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, 84 hours frohl
Xanaimo. 1
Ship Centennial, Stannard, IS days from
Conks Inlet.
French bark Touralne. Guiho, 1S7 days fron_f
Swansea, via Tenerl 124 days.
Schr Foresthome, Colstrop, 5 days from Ctxw*
Bay.
Schr Jennie Thelin. Pearson, SVj days fromo
Coes Bar.
Schr Conflanza, Christiansen. 4 days from
Co<juille River.
SAILED.
Tuesday. September 13
Stmr State of California. Oaee. Astort&
German stmr Eva, Peterson. Comox.
Ptmr darina. Seaman. Seattle.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendoctnow
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Brass.
Stmr Cleone. \Iadsen.
Schr TV* F Jewett, Johnson. Klawaek.
Schr O M Kellogg. Iversen, Tahiti.
CORRECTION.
Tommy _*ac_ "Wins the Day by a
PITTS_U_l_ CHEEPING TIP.
Home-Bun Drive.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Club— XT. L. Pet.! Club— TT. _. Pet.
Brooklyn ...56 «4 .600. Boston 53 58 .477
nttsburic ...64 50 .562 St. Louis B2 58 .473
Philadelphia r.5 DJ .£13 Cincinnati ,.E2 60 .«5
Chicago 5j 57 .«ti|N*ew York ..46 65 .414
EROOKLTX, Sept. 10. — Tommy Leach won
to-day's g»ra» for Pittfiburs In the eighth Uin
ir.K with a home n:n drive to deep left, with
Clarke and Ritchry oa the bases. He had been
pubft!tut«l for Donahup. who had iron* to right
fi«id as an understudy for Waicner, the latter
havinr bwn called home by the death of his
mother. The srame was interesting throughout
At critical timps. however, the Brooklyn* went
to pieces. Attendance, 3000. Score:
Club— '-"5? R. H. E
Pltisburjr 10 5
Brooklyn I 1J \
Batteries— Tannehill and Zlmmer; Kiteon, Mc-
Cinnity and Farrell. Umpire — O'Day.
XEW TORK. Sept. 10.— The poor Hdaiag of
the New Tories this afternoon enabled the
St. Louis team to win almost as they pleased.
Attendance, 659. Score:
Ft. _ouis 12 17 j
ST«w York 8 IS 8
Battfrfr*— Youhk and riobin*on; Garrick, Bey
mour and Orady. Umpire — GafTney.
American League Games.
MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 19.-Minneapolls 3,
Buffalo <t.
CHICAGO. R*-pt. 30.— Chicago 2. Cl*-veland 3.
MILWAUKEE. Sept. 10.— Milwaukee 1. De
troit 0.
HAZEL KINNEY
AND THE ROMAN
HAVE THEIR DAY
Scoop In the Harness Events
at the Sacramento State
Fair Meet.
Hobart Gets a Hard Spill in the Polo
Game, but Pluckily Keeps on
Playing, Though Without
a Stick.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMEXTO, Sept. 10.— The big cele
bration in the bay city did not wholly
depopulate this burg, for a large holiday
throng filled the inclosurcs of Agricul
tural Park this afternoon, the grsnd
stand being comfortably filled with peo
ple, the fair sex predominating, while the
betting ring was jammed with specula
tors.
The Roman, driven in the most cultured
fashion by Ed Lafferty. captured the
Stanford trotting stake (for foals of 1S97),
valued at $765, in -straight heats and
proved the only winning choice on the
card. The fast 3-ycr.r-oUl was held a pro
hibitive favorite in what limited wagering
was indulged in, winning on each occason
with seconds to spare. Behind him Ben
Liebes and Tom Smith, also sons of Mc-
Kinney. annexeii second and third money
respectively.
Immediately following came the 2:12 trot
with about the same equine stars as these
answering the roll call for the 2:10 trot
decided last ¦week and won by Dolly Dill
on. To-day Hazel Kinney turned the ta
bles on Dolly, taking the second, fourth
and fifth heats. Before the horses were
called Dolly Dillon brought $20 in the
pools against $13 for the field, consisting
of Iran Alto, Miss Jessie Claudius and
Hazel Kinney. In the opening heat Hazel
Kir.ney broke at the first turn. Dolly
Dillon on the back stretch and Miss Jes
sie, a 6 to 1 chance, with Charley Dunfee
driving, strolled in first ahead of Claudius
in 2:lo?4.
Hazel Kinney "Wakes Up.
The field now sold even tip against the
favorite. Saunders, behind the latter, took
things in a most unconcerned manner. As
a consequence. Hazel Kinney scored clev
erly at the wire with Dolly in second posi
tion. Betting remained about the same
and at the word Sanders sailed off in the
lead with the Santa Rosa Stock Farm en
try, winning the third heat all the way
In 2:14%. Hazel Kinney made a couple of
losing breaks on the way home, coming in
second.
Fetching 2 now against 6 for the entire
field. Dolly led Hazel Kinney Into the
stretch and looked to have the fourth
heat cinched, when she suddenly made a
"jimmy," permitting Hodges and his mare
to win easily. The others had ceased to
The fifth and final heat was a repetition
of the preceding heat, Dolly again going
to a break, losing out by nearly a dozen
lengths. The winner was superbly han
dled by her owner. P. W. Hodges, and like
the stakewinner claims McKinney as her
paternal parent.
A six-furlong dash for runners was next
decided. Torsida, a 4 to 1 chance, won
easily from Cowboy. Bamboulia, that
opened a 6 to 5 favorite, receding to 2^,
showed prominently for a way and thui
blew up.
To Jockev Johnny McDonald could un
doubtedly be charged up the loss of the
mile purse to the favorite, Snips. With
the race in hand he was seized with an at
tack of gayety to the last sixteenth, when
he was nipped and downed a long neck
by Mounce, on El Mido. Show honors
went to Grand Sachem.
The final six-furlong spin was character
ized by the closest finish of the entire
meeting. February, the" favorite. Flush o*
Gold and Asian finishing noses on tho
wire. The judges placed the latter colt,
first, though many thought the first choice
arrived in time. ¦
Hobart Is Spilled.
In the forenoon Walter Hobart's team
of Blues were ignominlously beaten by
Tom DriscoH's Reds. 'the score standing 10
to 1 at the close of throe periods. The
game drew a large crowd and the rough
work was roundly appiauded. Early in
the game Walter Hobart received a hard
spill, spraining his ripht shoulder. He
pluckily continued through the game,
though unable to use his polo stick, re
sorting to blocking players of the oppo
site team. To offset the mishap, Captain
Drlscoll courteously had Charley Dunphy
lay a«ide his stick. "Joe" Tobin, "Tom"
Drlscoll. "Dick" Tobin, Peter Martin,
Frank Carolan and M. E. Flowers, the
other players, took all sorts of
chances. The final game will be played
Saturdav next.
While galloping: Rio Chlco on the inside
track this morning Jockey Logue had a
narrow escape from death. He and his
mount were In collision with a sprinkling
cart, the boy being knocked out but not
seriously Injured, while the horse limped
away with a bruised shoulder.
The Summary.
First race, the Stanford stake, trotting,
heats, three In five, value J765.
The Roman, b. g., by McKlnney- Wanda
(Lafferty) •••• 1 11
Ben Liebes, b. c, by McKlnney (C. A.
Durfee) • 2 2 3
Tom Smith, br. c. by McKlnney (J.
Smith) 4 3 2
Vendome, b. c, by Iran Alto (Bunch).... 3 4 4
Dasmar, br. L, by McKinney (Rodri
guez) •••• ills
Time— 2:1S%. 2:20, 2:19.
lon (Sanders) 5 2 12 4
Ml"" Jessie, b. xa., by Gossiper (C.
6econd race, trotting, 2:12 class, heats, three
In five, purse 11000.
Hazel Kinney. b. m., by McKlnney-
Baby Gift (Hodges) 3 1 1 1 1
Dolly Dillon, b. m.. by Sidney Dil-
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 10.— WHEAT— Spot, firm:
No. 2 red Western winter. 6s; No. 1 Northern
spring. 6a 3d; No. 1 California. 6s 4^d@6s 54.
2 u^ urea — Steady; September, 6s; December. 6s
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 10.— WHEAT— Firm; Xo.
1 Standard ¦ California. 6s 4',id@6s 5d: French
country markets, quiet; weather In England.*
partly cloudy. -
COTTON— Uplands, 7Ud.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— Consols. 98%. Silver.
2S%d. French rentes, lOlf 25c. Cargoes on pas
sage, nominally unchanged; cargoes Walla
Walla, 30a 3d; English country markets, firm;
Import Into U. K.. wheat. 452.000 quarters; im
port Into U. K., flour. 135.000 barrels: wheat
and Hour on passage to U. K.. 2.200.000 quar
ters.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Sept. lO.-WHEAT-Qulet and un
changed. Blue stem. 59c; club, 56c, both for
export.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 10.— The local wheat mar
ket Is unfavorably affected ty a" further rise
In freights, the Rlversdale. the only disen
gaged ship In the Northwest, being chartered
to-day at 47s 6d. the highest rate paid since
1S93. Exporters are still quoting 56c for Walla
Walla, and It is possible that a cent more
could be obtained. Blue stem Is easy at o&®
59c. and valley for milling purposes will com
mand 59c.
OREGON*.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 10.— Clearlnss. $436.
849; balances, J79.892.
Portland's Busi7iess.
NEW YORK. Sept. 10.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday, September S, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat— 51,736,000 bushels; Increase. 1,430,000
bushels.
C orn _5,357,000 bushels: Increase. 44,000 bushels.
Oats— S, 825,000 bushels; decrease. 428.000
bushels.
Rye— 531,000 bushels; increase. 62. COO bushels.
Barley— 574,000 bushels; decrease, 40,000
bushels.
No report of Galveston stocks. Treated same
as last week.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. S»pt. 10.— Owing to the heavy
arrivals of tin in London our market developed
a weak undertone, closing easy for tin at $30@
30 25 The rest of the list was quiet and un
changed. Spelter and lead were quiet, the lat
ter closing on the basis of J4 37'i. and spelter,
though easy in tone, closed at J4 07UUJ4 12^.
Lake copper was unchanged at Jl« 75. Pigiron
warrants were very dull at J3 37%@10 371j. The
brokers' price for lead was J» and for copper
J16 73.
New York Metal Market.
CHICAGO. Sept. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts. 23.
000. Including 5C00 Westerns and 2000 Texans.
Steady to a shade lower, including Westerns
and butcher stock. Texans, steady: good t>">
prime steers. J5 60<ff6; poor to medium, J4 SO'!?'
5 E0: selected feeders, steady, J4@4 75; mixed
stockers. 5f?10c lower, J3f?3 So; cows, choice and
poor, steady: medium, 5©10c lower. J2 7504 50;
heifers. J3tf?3: canners. steady. $2@2 73; bulls,
steady, $2 70@3 40: calves. Jo©7 25: Texans. re
ceipts 2000: best on sale to-day. 19 carloads, at
J4 15: Texas fed steers. J4 23?f5: Texas grass
steers. J3 23<j?4 20: Texas bulls, J2 5C@3 40.
HOGS— Receipts, 31,000; to-morrow, 13,000, es
timated; left over, 2500. Active, average 5c
higher- top. J5 60: mixed and butchers, J> 10^S
5 55: good to choice heavy. J3 ln'So 50; rough
heavy. J4 9u@5 10; light, J5 20^5 60; bulk of sales.
y, 2fHfT5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Sheep, steady to a
shade higher: Western feeders and export
sh*<?p 10c higher: choice lambs strong, others
steady: good choice wethers. J3 60^3 90; fair 1
to choice mixed. J3 35U3 60: Western sheep.
$3 6O(tI3 S3; Texas sheep. $2 5C#3 25: native 1
lambs $4 23<§ 5 75; Western lambs, J4 60@5 65.
Chicago Livestock Market.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts. Jl 26@
1 3S two-fifths boxes; Beurre Hardy, 96cf Jl 03
two-fifths boxes: d'Comlce. 51 20@l 56 two-flfths
boxes: Duchesse. S4t?9fie two-fifths boxes: How
ell 72«S4c two-flfths boxes; Louise Bonde. $1 26
two-flfths boxes; Eureka. $1 26: Superb, $1 OS.
Plums— Golden Drops. Me0H 56 single crates;
Kelsey Japans. Jl IS5i2 04; Diamond. TSc.
Prunes— Oros. Jl OS single crates.
NEW YORK. Sept. 10.— Earl Frnlt Company
sales California fruit: Grapes— Tokays. 70c@
Jl 55 single crates: Malagas. 80c3Jl 53. Pears—
Bartletts. Jl 20©2 25 boxes. fioctrJl 20 half boxes.
Peaches— Sal ways SOWOOc boxes. Prunes — Ger
mans. 70*g75c single crates; Silver, 43<g70c. Six
teen cars fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO. Sept. 10.— The Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit to-day: Grapes—To
kays, 73c*i$l 20 Kingl<» crates; clusters, average
Jl 35; Malagas. 65e<S$l 30; clusters. $1 50. Pears
— d'Anjou. SoCfTfl 23 boxes; Beurre Hardy, 55c
(IfSl 30: Barletts. Jl 25i31 55; W. Doyenne, aver
age SOc. Peaches — Picquets. late, 40<S55c boxes;
Salways, 40«Ej6Cc. Plums— Golden Drop. 33'B4'.c
single crates. Prunes — Germans. 55®65c single
crates; Silver. 3o*g70c. Sixteen cars fruit sold.
XEW YORK, Sept. 10.— The stock market
maintained its waiting attitude to-day. The in
disposition to make any market commitments
was emphasized by the new uncertainties in the
outlook, particularly the postponement but not
the abandonment of the anthracite miners'
strike and the very meager news received up
to the time the market closed of the extent of
the disaster of the Texas hurricane. The wild
excitement in the cotton market diverted specu
lative Interest from stocks and caused some dls*
quiet, both by reason of the possible misfortune
which might attend such unbridled speculation
and the demands which were made on the
money market in order to carry the speculation.
The Texas storm caused positive depression
in the early dealings, but support was offered
in the important stocks affected as they ral
lied. The Kansas City Pouthem stocks were
raided sharply and lost 2@2V4. respectively, for
the common and preferred, and there was a
bear drive Induced by the recent liquidation
evident in the stocks and they recovered all
but half of the loss. The anthracite coalers
were favorably affected by the postponement of
the strike and Readlrtg first preferred and New
Jersey Central rose, respectively; 1 and 2 points
on small dealings. Professional operators are
steeped In the conviction that active specula
tion is waiting only the results of the pending
electoral contest and they covered short con
tracts to-day in the fear- that the Maine elec
tion might awaken the market into activity at
their expense. The resulting movement of
prices was generally very small and ragged.
The industrial specialties cased under recent
pressure, notably .Sugar. People's Gas and
i Brooklyn Transit. The furious speculation in
i cotton gives point to the bank statement and
arouses some renewed uneasiness as to the
ability of the money market to meet the pe
riod of fall strain upon it. Another sharp de
cline in sterling exchange, due to continued
heavy foreign demand for cotton, disposed of
any disposition that gold might go out to Eng
land this week, but the sub-treasury In the ab
sence of payments on account of gold deposited
at Pacific rw>lnts and for refunded bond pre
miums is beginning to absorb cash on account
of the revenue surplus.
The bond market continued quiet and Irreg
ular. Total sales, par value, $345,000.
U. S. refunding when issued advanced % and
new and old 4s and the 6s M per cent in the
bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares - Closing
Sold. Stock — Bid.
S.S10 Atchison 27%
7,220 Atchison prefd 70H
S75 Baltimore & Ohio "!2Y 2
Canadian Pacific $7
Canada Southern : 49^4
400 Chesapeake & Ohio 2sij
Chicago Great Western io4«
1,510 Chicago Burlinirton & Quincy 125V*
Chicago Ind &. Louisville 23
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 57
Chicago _ Eastern Illinois 96U
Chicago <S: Northwestern irAV 2
1,213 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 107Vi
C C C & St Louis 5914
Colorado Southern .....: 6
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
Colorado Southern 2d prefd... 13>£
Delaware & Hudson l\0\i
100 Delaware I^ackawanna & Western.. 176*4
Denver & Rio Grande' 1914
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67«,i
Krie 11 *
Erie 1st prefd 33^
300 Great Northern prefd 152^4
Hocking Coal 14&
Hocking Valley 34%
€49 Illinois Central 116%
ISO Iowa Central 18^4
Iowa Central nrefd 44
Lake Erie —Western 28
Lake Erie & Western prefd 9314
Lake Shore 2C9 .
3,260 Louisville & Nashville 72%
625 Manhattan Elevated 92
863 Metropolitan Street Railway 154%
100 Mexican Central 114
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 54%
200 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 9314
2,812 Missouri Pacific 52^8
Mobile & Ohio '36
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9%
970 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 30%
350 New Jersey Central ..132U
200 New York Central 130%'
675 Norfolk & Western 34»4
Norfolk & Western prefd 75
900 Northern Pacific 61%
Northern Pacific prefd 71'/4
900 Ontario & Western 20%
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
333 Pennsylvania 12S"4
Reading IGU
4,120 Reading 1st Drefd 56
Reading 2d nrefd 2S%
Rio Grande Western 54
Rio Grande Western prefd ..: 90
St Louis & San Fran... 10
St Louie & San Fran 1st prefd 67
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33?*
SCO SH Louis Southwestern j«.(|
620 St Louis Southwestern prefd '9»i
¦3,700 Rt Paul'........ 1141'i
St Paul prefd "'.173
St Paul & Omaha uo
3,700 Southern Pacific ; 33U
450 Southern Railway n%
2,21(f Southern Railway prefd 54%
630 Texas & Pacific u\ t
.. ¦ Third Avenue no
S.945 Union Pacific .".. 57%
715 Union Pacific prefd 74>i
Wabash 7
....... Wabash prefd .:..r... ................. 1SK
....... Wheeling & Lake Erie S%
¦Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd... ."...23^
100 Wisconsin Central 13
Express C ompanies — :
....... Adams ......'... ........ ..124,'
...:... American ....152
130 United States . 45
200 Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous —
200 American Cotton Oil. 32%
..;.... American C6tton Oil prd..... ss
....... American Malting. 4J£
....... American Malting prd 23
100 American Smelting & Refining SS
150 American Smelting & Refining pfd. S3
....... American Spirits 1
...... .i American Spirits pfd.................. 17
....... American Steel Hoop................ 19*4
....... American Steel Hoop pfd.;... 66"*
2,910 American Steel & Wire. ......... 36»»
470 T American Steel & Wire prd.......... 74?4
Nezu York Stock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creamery. j8HT?21c: dairy.
14® 18c. Cheese, firm, Wi@ll%c. Eggs, arm;
fresh. 14VfrS15c.
Articles- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels IV™
Wheat, bushels 322.000 40.0OT
Corn, bushels 375.000 287.000
Oats, bushels 429.000 42).00O
Rye. bushels fi.CM) "i'.US
Barley, bushels 40.C00 7.WJ0
U^Cotiee to {Marine)
SAN FRANCISCO BAT— CALIFORNIA.
Office United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Twelfth District, San Francisco, Cal.. Sep
tember 10, 19<V>. |
Notice is hereby given that a temporary Ugh?--'
vessel has been placed about Io0 fert XW. by
W. ij TV. from the wreck of the sh'p May
Flint, capsized and sur.k in ten fathoms of
water about 800 yards NK. H H. from en.l of
Pacific Mall dock, San Francisco Bay. Cali
fornia,
The vessel is a small plunger, painted whit».
with the word "wreck" on each ride, showing
from sunset to sunrise every night a fix"M re!
light from the gaff, about fifteen f<""t above
the water. The light-vessel is in eleven fath
oms of water.
The least depth found over the wr«ck w.i3
twenty-one feet, but the end of one of her
yards at times shows abovo water. Beari:'.g3
of prominent objects from the wreck are:
Yerba Buena lighthouse. N. by E. K E.
Oakland harbor lighthouse. NE. 'i F..
Middle of Mission rock, south— about 13)0
yards.
End of Pacific Mall dock. SW. H W.. about
800 yards.
Alcatraz lighthouse and end of Lombard
street wharf in range. NW. by W.
A buoy will replace the llght-veas** in a f°w
days, when du* notice will te given. By order
of the Liehthoufe Brard.
U. SEBREE.
Commander TTnitPd States Navy. In^p-'ct^r.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady No. 3 spring wheat. 720T3Hc: No. 2
red f.'Hc; No. 2 corn. 40%<a40»ic; No. 2 yellow,
40-%'S 1 4n%c: No. 2 oats. 21*i'S22c: No. 2 white.
24%*?23c; No. 3 white. 23Vi<S25c; No. 2 rye. 53c:
good feeding barley. 3S©45%c; fair to choice
malting, 43@18c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 49: No. 1
Northwestern. $1 50: prime timothy eeed. $4 2^
4 40- mess pork, per barrel. $11 45® 11 50: lard,
per 100 pounds, »6 S2\$.<GS 87H: short-rib sides
(loose) $7 40<S7 "0; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
16 S7U^6 62^: short clear sides (boxed), *7 90@S;
Whisky, basis of high wines. $1 26; clover, con
tract Rrade, $3 50tf3 €0.
TO SAIL
The music, under the direction of C. A
Neale. Is especially good, while .the vau
deville attractions provided by the local
State Fair Club are proving popular.
In the Belgian hare show many of tho
fine exhibits come from Santa Clara and
Alamoda counties, while there are many
hares imported directly from England
The poultry exhibit is conceded to be the
finest ever held at the Pavilion. Much
interest attaches to the dairy exhibit in
view of the convention of the State
Dairymen's Association, which opens to-
This afternoon the orphans • of the
Foundlinps' Home, the Sisters' Asylum
and the Protestant Orphan Asylum at
tended the Pavilion on special Invitation
of the directors and the little ones were
delighted with the experience. To
morrow is to be school children's day and
It will be made especially attractive.
Various schools will 'ake their pupils to
the Pavilion in a body and the attendance
will be large.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 10.— The poultry
and Belgian hare shows. In connection
with the State Fair, were formally
opened to-night and they attracted a
large crowd to the annex accommodating
them. The second week of the fair is,
for some reason: always more popular
with the Sacramentans than the first and
the augmented attendance to-night testi
fied to that fact. >
Delight the Orphans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Poultry and Belgian Hare Shows
IN THE PAVILION.
Fourth race, running, for three-year-olds and
upward, pelllns:. six furionrs— Redwald (101).
Petal O04). Alturas (107), Nihau <102). Tenrfca
(112). Delia Connor flC2). St. Apollinaris (107),
Harry Owj-nne (112). Limber Jim (112). Bona
(f<5>, St. Anthony (101).
Fifth raco, running, six furlongs. Futurity
Ftake— Lilly "Andrew (115), Dunfree (118). Spain
War 00.-). St. Rica (US). Lily Diggs (11;.).
Mxth race, running, for three-year-olds and
upward, selling, one mile— Pompino (107), Jen
n'e Reid (104). Kickumbcb (93). Bathos (93),
Mnrir.el (104). Merry Boy (105) Castake (10S)
Jingle Jingle (100). Sugden (103).
First, race, pacing, 2:1R class, purse $1000;
mile heats, three in five— Dictatus. Chloe, King
Cadenza. Tags, Our Boy's Sister, Jennie S.
Fredorlcksburg, Gafftopsail, Glen Way, Irvlng
ton Boy.
Pecond race, trotting, 2:16 class, purse $600,
mile heats, three In flve— Alta Vela, Lottie,
Bon Saline, Dan XV, Psyche, Lynall.
Third race, running, four furlongs, polo
ponies— Fusillade (153), Slats (155), Viola (155).
Julia U-"5). . . •
Following are to-morrow's entries
Entries for Tuesday's Raws.
A. Durfee) 18 4 8 3
Claudius, b. g., by Nutwood "Wllkes
(Barstow) 2 4 3 4 2
Iran Alto. b. h., by Palo ' Alto
(Bunch) 4 dr
Time— 2:13^, 2:13. 2:14%. 2:15Vi. 2:16.
Third race, six furlonjrs. sellinp. purse $250.
J. J. O'Malley's ch. m.. Torsida, 107, by Torso-
Judith <Farn>ll). 4 to 1 1
M. A. Fcrster's b. g., Cowboy, 104 (Powell).
10 to 1 2
A. J. Stemler & Co.'e b. h., Lou Rey, 110
(Hafley), 4 to 1 3
Time— 1:14%.
Tres Jolle (100) 5 to 1, Phlegon (99) 20 to 1. St.
Apollinaris (110) 15 to 1. Meadow Lark (110)
5 to 1, Louise Hayman (100) 30 to 1, Dolore
(107) 12 to 1 and Bamboulia (104) 5 to 2 also
ran.
Fourth race, one mile, celling:, purse $250.
Budd Doble & Co.'s b. g:.. El Mldo, 10S, by Sir
Mrxired-Ethel (Mounce), 3 to 1 1
J. Gibson's b. m.. Snips, 105 (McDonald). 4
to 5 2
J. J. Moran's b. g., Grand Sachem, 108 (Hen
nessy), 8 to 1 3
Time— 1:41.
Casdale HP2) 7 to 2. Sea Spray (113) 20 to 1.
Loconomo (108) 20 to 1, Expedient (93) 5 to 1,
Hipponax (9S) 10 to 1 and Briar Hill (109) 15 to
1 also ran.
Fifth race, sir furlongrs. selling, puree $250.
v\ . B. Jennlnrs & Co.'s ch. c, Asian, 105, by
Gold Finch-Lydia (Mcunce), 6 to 2 1
J. S. Gibson"s b. f., February. 1C3 (McDonald),
even j
Owens Bros." b. f.. Flush of Gold, 92 (Stuart)!
6 to 1 s
Time— 1:14.
Lctiger (S.-) 10 to 1, Bathos (100) 8 to 1 and
Eunello (104) 6 to 1 also ran
TO ARRIVE.
SAN FRAN-CISCO. Sept. 10-5 p. m.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The following: maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 60 Independence .'.. 78
Mount Tamalpals.... 51 Sacramento E4
I-ios Angeles 73 San Luis Oblspo 72
Ked Bluff 78! San. Diego 63
Fresno SSl
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 57; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the
northern half of the Pacific slope. It haa risen
BliRhtly over Central California, An area of
lew pressure overlies Nevada and Utah.
The temperature has fallen from 10 to 20 de
crees over the San Joaquin and Sacramento
valleys. The weather is unfavorable for pick
ins and curing: fruit.
LlRht rain haa fallen in the vicinity of Ean
Francisco.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 11, 1900:
Northern California — Cloudy, threatening
weather Tuesday: probably llKht rain in central
and northern part: continued cool weather;
fresh southwest winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday; light
southerly winds.
Nevada — Lifcht rain Tuesday.
Utah — Fair Tuesday.
Arizona — Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday;
light rain In the mornlnsr: fresh southerly
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Weather Report.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
VA1.LEJO, Sept. 10.— A pretty wedding took place at 2 o'clock; Sunday, at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Thomas when their only daughter, Miss
Ella Thomas, was married to Mr. L. K. David of the First National
Bank of San Francisco. Only the relatives of th.e couple were present at
the ceremony. The bride wore a pretty gown of white organdie. She car
ried a bouquet of white bride's roses. Miss Thomas was attended by Miss Sadie
Byrne, who was attired In a dainty dress of blue organdie and carried a bouquet
of pink carnations. The groom was attended by Mr. George English of San
Francisco. Mrs. David was a charming 1 member of Vallejo society and it was
with sighs of regret that the Vallejo folk learned that the wedding was to be
private. Mr. David will surprise his many friends by taking a bride to his Oak
land home. The groom is a -son of Mr. David of the firm of Sanborn & Vail.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHICAGO, Sert. 10.— Wheat was dull but
firm throughout the session. The market de
rived its firmness from higher cables, a de
crease in the world's shipments and on pas
sage, smaller Xorthwest receipts and unfavor
able weather In the Northwest. October opened
ft@ttc higher at 73Tif 74c. touched UQlVic
dropped to 73?ic and then recovered to 74*ic
closing firm. Vic Improved, at 74c.
Corn was Quiet and inclined to be lower,
although the close was steady. October closed
%c lower at 3S»J<g3S*ic.
Oats were dull but firm. October closed a
shade hl~her.
Provisions were strong: and active on a gen
eral speculative demand. The source of the
market's strength lay in the excellent con
sumptive demand. The close showed some re
action from the top, but the tone was decidedly
strong. October pork closed S2%335c higher:
lard 2%c improved, and ribs 7>4c better.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ' Open. Hish. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 73»4 73% "^ 73%
October 74 74»-» 73Si 74
November 74% 73ft 74?9 74T»
Corn Xo. 2—
September *0% 40% 33«i 40%
October 33 39 3SH 38%
November 36% 36% 38 06%
Oats No. 2 —
September 21H 214 21H 21^
October 21H 217, 21H 21H
November 21% 22>4 21* 22ft
Mess Pork, per barrel —
September 11 <*7>4 1145 1107% 1145
October 1120 1167% 11 20 1150
January 11 32^ 11 40 11 SO 11 37!i
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 6 S5 S 83 6 S2'i « S2'.4
October 6 82% 6 S7*4 6 ?2M, 6 S5
January 6 67 1 . fi 67^i 6 57^i 6 62%
Short Ribs, 'per K 1 *) pounds-
September T52V4 7 63 7 S2% 7»
October 7 30 7 45 7 30 7 37%
January 5 97Vi 6 024 5 97% » 9.%
NOTE— In the above exposition of th» t'd—t
tho early mornin* tides are K iv»n In th* le't
hand column and the !«ucc(-ssiv» t!rf»s of th<»
d8y In the order of occurrence as to time Th«
second time column (rives the second tide of
the day. the third tim- column th» third tM*
¦ nd the last or ritjht hand column rtves th<»
loKt tld" of the dav. except wh-n th»re an but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Th» heUhts
riven arc in addition to the soundings on tho
L'nlted States Coast Survey charts. exeep*_
¦wh»n a minus Bien ( — > precedes the helsrht.
and then the number riven ts suMract~l from
the depth Riven hv the charts. The plan* of
reference ia the mean of the lower lmr w^t»r».
Highly interesting and entertaining was
the first game of baseball on the Recrea
tion grounds yesterday and very few of
the fanatics were there to enjoy it. The
match between Dudes and Senators be
gan while the ••Semi-Centennial" was In
the throes of the paraCe, so the cham
pions and the tail enders played before
empty benches. Later on the crowd —
some of it— found a resting place in the
prard stand and enjoyed the Stocktou
fcian Francisco game.
The Dudes a^id Senators produced real
thrills by scoring not at all until the sixth
inning. Then the ice was broken by the ]
Brum roels. Francks swatted out a two
bajcjrer and was placed safely on third
¦when Mat Stanley failed to stop the bali
back of the plate. Francks scored on
Moskirnan's hit. Then the game went
smilingly along without runs until tho
eighth, when the score was tied. Stultz
Trent to the initial bug: on a safe hit and
bunt work by ••Premier" Pitt that forced
poor throwing by the Dudes gave the
Senator a right to stay In the game.
The ninth ended the trouble. Bowman j
surprised everybody, even himself, by j
roiling out a two-bagger, being advanced
a b&M soon after by Held's sacrifice. Then
Mangerina hit to rianlon, who grew trem
ulous ar.d forgot to throw Bowman out
at the plate. Manieerina died, but Bow
man li~ed. He scored the winning run.
kloskbnan. who was on the slab for the
Dudes, proved very strong yesterday, the
champions finding- him but five times,
while IVvereaux wa? punished for ten
distinct hits. McLaughlin made another
star running catch, which was the feature
of the day. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. It. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Prenr.an. c. t 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
Hutchii.Ecn, lb....4 0 0 0 14 0 0
Frar.cks. s. s 4 13 0 2 2 0
ArrPllcnf*. 2 b 4 0 10 16 0
Mofckiman, p 4 0 10 0 6 1
Bowman, 1. t 4 110 2 0 0
Held, r, f 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Mar.ger"r.a. e 3 0 10 6 4 0
Kar.f. 3 b 3 0 112 0 0
Tot_!s S3 2 19 1 27 16 2
6ACRAMENTO.
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
S_£__gl_ta. 1. f.... 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
IfA-ereaux. p 4 0 2 0 12 0
Eafan. e. s 3 0 0 0 S 8 0
Huphes. 3 b 4 0 0 0 0 11
Har.'.on. 1 b 4 C 0 0 12 0 0
Har.ley. c 4 0 2 0 S 0 0
IXy'.e, c. 1 4 0 0 0 4 10
Btnltx. 2 b 3 110 16 0
P:tt. r. f. 3 0 0 0 110
TotaJ<= SI 1 6 0 27 IS 1
BC2CS AND' HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0000100 1—2
Base Kits 0 0 12 2 2 11 1—10
Sa<-ram»>nto 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 1 0 — 1
Base Hits 0 00011120—5
BCaOIABT.
Run responsible for — Devereaux 1. T~ ev-base
fc!ts— Francks 2. Bowman. Sacrifice hits — Me-
Ls.u£h!!n. Held. Mar.gerinau First base on er
ror* — Oakland 1, Sacramento 2. First base o:\
ca'.U-d balls— Oakland 1. Sacramento 2. L«eft
en bases — Oakland 7. Sacramento 6. Struck
out— Bj- Meekirr.an 7. by I>evereaux 2. Double
play— Earan to Har.lon. Passed ball — Hanley.
Time of pame — 1 hour and 40 minutes. Umpire
— O'ConntU. Official scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
San Francisco 4, Stockton O. i
The Milk-rs never got near victory in the !
last game of the day. With but few hits j
end only two errors the "Pretzel-eaters"
and "Slcughmftn" dragged out a long
game, the silence of which was shattered
from time to time by the Stockton root
ers, who congregated on the b.eachers
and Fang a song about a lot of them not j
caring. :
Kr.f-il was the curve dispenser for Hank ]
and Harper for Harper. All the hits dur- |
inp the pame were well distributed. In
the second inning Pabst began the work
of victory for the local team, reaching
first on a hit. He stole second, went to
third on an out. and scored on a passed
tiall. The fourth inning was the most
fruitful of all, causing the boy at the bell
to pull the cord twice. Hildebrand and
Schwartz went around the sacks on a
present and misconduct.
In the fifth Krug scored. Then both
teams settled and played to the windup.
The score:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, l. t 4 n 1 1 1 0 0
McGucken. cf 4 0 1 0 4 0 0
Moore. Eb 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Strpib. Tb 4 0 1 0 10 0 0 i
Eaprr c. anfl r. f 4 0 2 1 1 0 0
Babbitt, s. 8 2 0 0 0 1 1 0 1
Courtney. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 8 0
Adam. r. t and c. 2 0 0 0 8 2 1
Harper, p 3 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 31 0 5 2 24 » 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. U. BH. SR PO. A. E.
rrrx-khofr, e. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
KlMebrand. r. f 8 1 0 1 S 1 0
P-hwartz. :b 4 10 10 10
J'abst. 1b 4 11110 0
Sullivan, c 3 0 2 0 6 10
I^>v>-. 1. t 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Kru(?, «¦. s 2 10 16 2 1
ReiUr. 3b 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Knell, p 3 0 10 0 2 0
Totals 28 4 4 3 27 10 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Rtockton 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Has* hits- 0 1110 0 0 1 1—5
San Francisco 0 10 2 10 0 0 •— 4
Base hits 8 10 1110 0 *— 4
BUMMART.
Two-base hits— Kap*r. First base on errors—
Stockton l. Ran Francisco l. First base on c*'l
fA balls— Stockton 4. San Francisco 2. Left on
V'as«-f* — StT-kton 6. Fan Francisco 3. Struck out —
By Harprr :.. by Knell 3. Hit by pitcher— Levy.
DoobU filay— Krug to Pabst. Passed ball-
Adam. Time of game — 1:45. Umpire — O'Con
nell. Official scorer — J. W. Stapleton.
Games To-Day.
For the 'f rst time since the present
league has been organized Interior clubs
will conte-st on the local diamond. San
Francisco and Oakland will cross bats at.
1:30 this afternoon at Recreation Park.
Sarramer.to will meet Stockton a.t Uvj
conclusion of this game.
Oakland 2. Sacramento 1.
D_des Win Out From, the Champions
and Wasps Sting the Mil
lers in a Slow
Ganw.
San Francisco Wins and
Sacramento Loses at
Recreation Park.
CHAMPIONSHIP
IS THE GOAL OF
THE LOCAL TEAM
Aside from some business to supply the Im
mediate wants of huyers the market for evap
orated apples developed no new feature <.f .:n
portance, the market ruling quiet at un
changed prices all day. State common was
quoted from 3®5c; prime, 4%S5Hc; cnoice, o-,t
(jr6c; fancy, 6®t>iic. c *- ¦ ; •
California dried fruits ruled quiet. Mi about
PRUNES- Were quoted from 3*i to 7Hc per
pound as to size and quality.
A Pltl COTS— Royal, llftlic; Mooroark. l.'^lSc.
PEACHES— Peeled. HSISc; unpeeled, 6G9c-
DKIED FRUITS.
closed, 78?ic: October, 79V4S79Uc. closed 79\ic;
December. SO 13-16c©Sl 5-ltSc, closed tl\'»c.
HIDES— K.rrn.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFER-Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 invoice, S%c:
mild, quirt: Cordova, 9?i@14c. Futures closed
firm, with prices 20^r25 points net higher. Sales.
23,750 bags, including: October, *7 35; Novem
ber, 57 35; December, J7 43®7 65; March, *7 50«*
7 75; May, $7 «5®7 SO.
SL*GAR-Raw. firm; fair refining. 4^c; cent.1
fuKal. 96 test, 4 l"~16c; molasses (sugar, 4c. Ke
fined, firm.
BUTTEK— Receipts. 8384 packages; steady:
creamer}'. 17@21c; June creamery. 1SS2W; fac
tor}'. 14$loUc. ,_ :
EGGS— Receipts, 'JOOO packages: steady. West
ern rerular packing at mark, llS17c; v% esttra.
loss off, iSi«.u)c
STANFORD UNIVERSITY*" Sept. 10.—
Horace Seely, the big guard from Wil
liams College, arrived here this evening
from his home in Portland. ! Seely has had
two years' experience on his college team
In the East, where he was well known as
a crack lineman. He is being given a
hearty reception by football enthusiasts.
James F. Lanagan, captain of the 'Varsity
baseball team, returned to the university
to-day and will soon begin training.
Another Recruit for Stanford's Eleven
Special Dispatch to The Call.
2:30 race, purse $1200— Tho Private w ; on the
third, fifth and sixth heats, each in ! 2:11H.
Rana won the second ami fourth heats in 2:11*4,
2:12%. Barrister won the first heat In 2:14%.
Anne M, Tommy Me. Braden, La Conda, Lady
Allright. Addle Parker, Hipless, Barney Kin*,
Hay Jewess, Argo, Director and Tommy W also
started.
Free-for-all to wapons — J'embit won. Franker
second, Carl Don distanced. Time. 2:15.
2:08 trot, purse J120CM-Lord Derby won In
straight heats In 2:07, 2:07. 2:0S. Grattan Boy.
Lord Vincent, Gayton and Charley Herr also
started. . • •
2:12 trot, nurse $1200 — Boy Star won in three
straight heats in 2.0S 2:09, 2:09^. Big Timber.
Nell Gwynn. Tudor Chimes. Farrls, Sesperls,
Georgianla, Maggie Anderson and Jack D also
started. •¦.••¦ • • . •
The 2:08 trot brought a great field to
gether. The race was won by Lord
Derby.
A big- field met in the 2:30 pace and
everything in the race was backed, but
ther betting finally settled down to 100. on
the field to 70 on The Private. The race
was a hot fight between the favorite and
the gray mare Rana. and after five heats
had been decided the sixth heat was left
to the pair. It v.-as a pretty race all
around, but as they neared the wire .the
favorite landed neatly by a length. Sum
mary:
favorite at even money and later sold at
100 to 70. The favorite won in ¦ straight
heats.
NEW YORK, Sent. 10.— The Intensity of ex
citement and activity of speculation on the
Cotton Exchange to-day was without parallel.
Fluctuations far exceeded anything hitherto
recorded, the extremes being a hundred points
¦with relapses freauent and violent. The mar
ket opened irregular and excited with nrices
43@61 points higher on an Irresistible rush of
buying in which every branch of the trade took
part. Sellers were few and far between and with
out exception were parties having heavy profits
within reach. Many of these immediately took
the bull side again and were still long at the
close to-nicht. Following the call the market
sep-sa-.ved at a breath-taking rate, with the
movement In the main generally swinging to
ward higher prices. As the morning pro
ceeded speculation broadened until the mar
ket was beyond the control of the bulls even.
Sensational setbacks followed nerve-trying
bulges, which kept operators, of no matter
what belief. Jumping to keep pace. The Eng
lish ¦ market showed corresponding gyrations
and private cables denoted complete chaos in
Liverpool. The bulls, however, were being car
ried alone by the advance. On the local ex
change September sold up to l(%c, as against
Hie Saturday night.
The best level of the later months was;-5@7
i>oints above Saturday's figures. The founda
tion of bull ideas and the chief cause of the
terrific bull speculation was the news that
the best section of the crop had been swept
by a tropical storm, the equal of which was
not known. Reports from Central Texas were
vazue and totally unsatisfactory, which fact
tended to increase the fears of shorts and
the big crop theorists In general. Liverpool
was similarly influenced, as well as the New
Orleans market. Estimates pointing to a loss
of 750.0000 to 1.000.000 bales and the announce
ment that spot cotton was In enormous de
mand south at %K*ic higher prices intensified
the conviction of the boars. The Government
report for September, usually (he most Impor
tant of the season, cut comparatively little fig
ure as an Influence. The general condition
was given at 68.2 as ag.tlnst 76 last month,
6S.5 in September last year. 79.8 in 1898 and 78.3
In 1597. This average included 77 for Texas, as
contrasted with 83 on August 10 and 81 on
September 10 of last year. At 12.45 p. m. the
failures of T. G. Schlfter and Gay I. SchifTer
were announced, these brokers being caught
short by the opening rise. The, announcement
of their suspension did not seriously disturb
the market, as they were known to have unim
portant, obligations outstanding.
The bull fever reached its height about noon
and under a flurry of profit-taking near the
close prices settled, back a few points. The
close was irregular and excited with prices
net 40®RO points higher. . :
Estimates placed the total transactions at
l.SJiO.OOO bales or 150,000 more than ever before
recorded. ________
Nra> York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.— To-day's state
ment< of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, W36,2S8,297; gold, J63.3S1.927.
Condition of the Treasury.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— Atchison. 2S"5»; Canadian
Pacific. 92; Union Pacific preferred, 76; North
ern Pacific preferred, 73%; Grand Trunk, 6%:
Anaconda. 9V4. Bar silver, steady, 2S'id per
ounce. Money, 2%@2% per cent.
NEW TORK, Sept. 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
tone of the. markets here held good to-day, but
business was not increased, except for a con
tinental demand for Kaffirs, inspired by the
news from South Africa.
In the Americans trading was apathetic and
prices were weak, until the opening in New
York brought about a partial recovery here.
Tintos were strong, touching 69%. Other cop
per shares were featureless. Discounts were
quietly steadier and call money was easy, but
tightness Is expected before the end of the
week. The .bank received £200,000 gold from
Australia.
Silver was firm on the unexpected result of
mint buying and closed at IS'gd.
« CLOSING.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— Money on call, steady
at lV t @l*4 per tent; last loan, 1V4 Per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 4@3V4 per cent; ster
ling exchange weak, with actual business in
bankers' bills at *4 S6H@4 S6»,4 for demand and
$4 S3Vi®4 S3% for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 S4ff4 S5 and 14 S7%@4 SB4: commercial bills.
$4 S2%'S4 83%i silver certificates, 62H@63>4c: bar
silver 624c; Mexican dollars, 4SV4e; Govern
ment bonds, strong; State bonds, firm; railroad
bonds, irregular.
New York Money Market.
ISO American Tin Plate...... 2794
....... American Tin Plate pfd.. 80
1.220 American Tobacco 93*4
American Tobacco pfd 128
100 Anaconda Mining Co *<%
85,711 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 65%
710 Colorado Fuel & Iron 35%
1,360 Continental Tobacco E3«j
Continental Tobacco pfd 78
1,025 Federal Steel 34*4
400 Federal Steel pfd... 67
General Electric 138U
Glucose Sugar 51
Glucose Sugar pfd 94^4
1,150 International Paper 19\b
150 International Paper pfd 66U
....... Laclede Gas 73
660 National Biscuit 33tf
100 National Biscuit pfd 80
320 National Lead 17V4
170 National Lead pfd S9'2
National Steel 25
National Steel pfd 85Vi
- 200 New York Air Brake 132
... North American 15
140 Pacific Coast ' 54',4
Pacific Coast 1st pfd 85
Pacific Coast 2d pfd... 64^
Pacific Mail 3l
1,5-15 ¦ People's Oas SIVs
200 Pressed Steel Car 3SH
ZZO Pressed Steel Car pfd 71&
Pullman Palace Car 1S6
Standard Rope & Twine 5
6,500 Susar. . 120%
: . Sugar pfd 11**4
1,450 Tenn Coal & Iron 70
2,215 United States Leather. 11
United States Leather pfd 70'i
United State3 Rubber 29U
450 United States Rubber pfd 92
IVestem Union 79?i
270 Republic Iron & Steel Co 12*i
405 Republic Iron & Steel Co pfd 63*4
P C C & St Louis 54
117,700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s, when I Do 4» SI
issued, reg 103% IN Y C ists 108^4
Do coupon 104\i|N J C gen 5s 122%
U S 3s reg 109 N Pacific 3a 65»t,
Do 3s coupon 109 Do '4s 104%
Do new 4s res.. .134 N Y C & St L 4$. ..107
Do new 4s coup. .134 N & W con 4s 97T4
Do old 4s reg 114% Or Nav Ists 109
Do old 4s coup.. .115% Do 4s 102%
Do 5s regr 113 Or Short Line 6s.. 126
Do 5s coup 113 Do con 5s 1124
Dist of Col 3.65s. ..122 Reading pen 4s 87%
Atchison gen 4s. ..101 R G W Ists 98^
Do adj 4s 85V4 StLilM con 5s. 112
Canada So 2ds 106 St L & 8 F gen 6S.121U
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 9»U St Paul cons 1G8%
Do 5s,1 119 St P C _ P Ists.. .115%
C & N con 7s 140 Do Bs 119
Do S F deb 5s.. ..119 So Pacific 4s 1SK
Chicago term 45... 92 So Railway os 10ST4
Colorado So 4s SI'i Stand R & T 6s.... 67
D & R G Ists 102*4 Tex & Pac Ists... .112*4
Do 4s 98% Do2ds 55
Erie sren 4a 69*4 U Pacific 4s 105%
F "W & D C Ists... 74H Wabash Ists 117H
Gen Electric 5s 118 Do 2ds 102
Iowa Cent Ists 114 West Shore 4s 112%
L & X uni 4s 99 Wise Cent Ists.... 87%
M K & T 2ds 67 Va Centuries 89T»
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — : Unton Pacific K7%
Call loans 2@3 West End 93U
Time loans 3^@4& Westinghouse Elec.4S
Stocks — Bonds —
Atch T _ S F 27% Atchison 4s 99
Do pfd 70'i Mining Shares —
American Sugar 120% Adventure i%i
Do pM 114% Allouez Min Co.... 1%
Bell Telephone 142 Amalg Copper 83
Boston & Albany. .247 Atlantic 23^i
Boston Elevated. ..148'4 Boston & Montana. 323
Boston & Maine 188V. Butte & Boston 62
C B & Q 125% Calumet & Hecla..74O
Dominion Coal 40% Centennial 164
Do pfd 110 Franklin 14',£
Federal Steel 34% Humboldt 23
Do pfd 6S% Osceola 6S
Fltchburg pfd 13S Parrot 42
General Electric. ..138 Quincy 145
Do pfd 139 Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
Ed Electric 11 210 Tamarack 221
Mexican Central... 11% Utah Mining 30V4
N E Gas & Coke.. 13 Wlnona 30
Old Dominion 18 Wolverines 42%
Rubber. . 29%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ophir 43
Crown Point 10 Plymouth 10
Con Cal *: Va.... 1 13, Quicksilver 150
Deadwood 401 Do prefd 6 50
Gould _ Curry 33! Sierra Nevada 30
Hale & Norcros3...50 OOjStandard 3 73
Iron Silver 58i Union Con IS
Mexican 251 Yellow Jacket 20
Ontario 5 50 1
THE SA2s r FRAKCISUO CALL, TUESDAY, SEETEMBElt 11, 1OOO.
ONE OF VALLEJO'S BELLES
WEDS A SAN FRANCISCAN
Sun, Moon and Tide.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new. t3^
%d: do old. nominal. Futures — Steady; October,
4a 2%d: November. 4a 2%d: December. 4» 2ljd.
United States Coast and Gendrtie Survey-
Times and Heights of High and I^w
Francisco Hr.y. Published by 0'flcial Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Th? h!&h and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf > about
twenty-five, minutes later than at Fort P.Mnt:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Chicago Grain Market.
THE BEIDE ANT> GROOM OF A VALLEJO WEDDING.
Steamer Movements.
8
TU
'ESPAY. !
SEPTEMBE
ER 11.
Sun rises...
Sun sets
Moon rises.
'.V.'.V.ViVo
..K:4<«
..6:21
p. m.
0 iTlme
» I
? |h W!
Time
Ft.
L TV
t ITIme!
¦ Ft. ! ! :
ITIrr
Ft.
it.
2|
TV]
h-
11 ...I 0:4Ri
12 ...I l:«l
13 ... 2:51!
14 ...I 4:n?,l
13 ...I 5:1!>I
15 ...! «;*R!
3.2 : . «:14i
I 4.9I «:;:!
4.U 7:41 1
4.21 S:2Gl
4.11 !»:44'
4.2! lltns
u i.5' vr.<&
•j 2.01 1:24!
1 2.5l 2:0S(
'.! 3.01 3:«Sl
t 1 S.3! 4:flAl
11 3.2' 5rO«!
j
i.Tl K:.
S.'ll 9-i
5. SI 10:
S.4! It::
5.2'....
I 0.2
I 0.2
! 0.2
! 0.2
!L W!
! Ill TV
n "it. wi
""lir \
17 ...| C:3;j
i 0.2! T^8
!U it
4i 12:20
I SI
Steamer. I From.
m,
1
Warfleld [Oyster Harbor
An? t ral la i Honolulu
Newburgr [Grays Harbor
Mackinaw !S-attle
Enrelf ....;.... '^umhoHt
San Mateo Kanalmo
Lakme Seattle
Del Xorte Portland..
Columbia Portland
Banta Rosa San Diego
Ban Juan iPanama
Pomona .. tHumboldt
Point Arena 'Point Arena
Crescent CJty.. JOrescent Ctty
Coos Bay 'Newport
...'Sep.
...!Sej>.
...!Sep.
..JSep.
...!SeT>.
...iSep.
...Sep.
...ISep.
...iSep.
...!3ep.
.. (Sep.
...Sep.
...!sep.
...ISep.
Nippon Mani.. 'China and Japan
Walla Walla ..JVietorta
Ti tanta IXanat mo
Empire ICoos Ray....
...ISep.
...ISep.
...!S«-p.
...'fep.
11
u
?«
Cnrona I San Dieyo '..
TjStm.
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. ! P>r
s'orth ForklHumboldt isep. 12. 9 am! Pier
Vrcata I Coos Bay ] Sep. 12. 12m'Pi<T!
¦*onlta iNfwpnrt 'Sep. 12. Sam'Pieri
•H'imbol'tt !S»p. 12. 11 aralPlfr I
:ity PueblaJVle & Pgrt Sd.'Sep. 13, It am!Pler
ianta Rosa San Dlesro |Sep. 14. 11 am'Pler
""olumbla ..IPortland 'Sep. 15. 11 amlPior '
3orlc IChlna&.Tapan'Pep. 15. 1 tm'PM?-
Del Xorte.J Portland ISep. 15. ..I
Vewburp ..lOrays Harbor'Sep. 15 f
Too« V.n-r.J'Spwnnrt !P»r>. 1*. S am!Plpr •
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. ! P>r
s'orth ForklHumboldt isep. 12. 9 am! Pier
Vrcata I Coos Bay ] Sep. 12. 12m'Pi<T!
¦*onlta iNfwpnrt 'Sep. 12. Sam'Pieri
•H'imbol'tt !S»p. 12. 11 aralPlfr I
:ity PueblaJVle & Pgrt Sd.'Sep. 13, It am!Pler
ianta Rosa San Dlesro |Sep. 14. 11 am'Pler
""olumbla ..IPortland 'Sep. 15. 11 amlPior '
3orlc IChlna&.Tapan'Pep. 15. 1 tm'PM?-
Del Xorte.J Portland ISep. 15. ..I
Vewburp ..lOrays Harbor'Sep. 15 f
Too« V.n-r.J'Spwnnrt !P»r>. 1*. S am!Plpr •
Steamer. I From.
m,
1
Warfleld [Oyster Harbor
An? t ral la i Honolulu
Newburgr [Grays Harbor
Mackinaw !S-attle
Enrelf ....;.... '^umhoHt
San Mateo Kanalmo
Lakme Seattle
Del Xorte Portland..
Columbia Portland
Banta Rosa San Diego
Ban Juan iPanama
Pomona .. tHumboldt
Point Arena 'Point Arena
Crescent CJty.. JOrescent Ctty
Coos Bay 'Newport
...'Sep.
...!Sej>.
...!Sep.
..JSep.
...!SeT>.
...iSep.
...Sep.
...ISep.
...iSep.
...!3ep.
.. (Sep.
...Sep.
...!sep.
...ISep.
Nippon Mani.. 'China and Japan
Walla Walla ..JVietorta
Ti tanta IXanat mo
Empire ICoos Ray....
...ISep.
...ISep.
...!S«-p.
...'fep.
11
u
?«
Cnrona I San Dieyo '..
TjStm.
TU
'ESPAY. !
SEPTEMBE
ER 11.
Sun rises...
Sun sets
Moon rises.
'.V.'.V.ViVo
..K:4<«
..6:21
p. m.
0 iTlme
» I
? |h W!
Time
Ft.
L TV
t ITIme!
¦ Ft. ! ! :
ITIrr
Ft.
it.
2|
TV]
h-
11 ...I 0:4Ri
12 ...I l:«l
13 ... 2:51!
14 ...I 4:n?,l
13 ...I 5:1!>I
15 ...! «;*R!
3.2 : . «:14i
I 4.9I «:;:!
4.U 7:41 1
4.21 S:2Gl
4.11 !»:44'
4.2! lltns
u i.5' vr.<&
•j 2.01 1:24!
1 2.5l 2:0S(
'.! 3.01 3:«Sl
t 1 S.3! 4:flAl
11 3.2' 5rO«!
j
i.Tl K:.
S.'ll 9-i
5. SI 10:
S.4! It::
5.2'....
I 0.2
I 0.2
! 0.2
! 0.2
!L W!
! Ill TV
n "it. wi
""lir \
17 ...| C:3;j
i 0.2! T^8
!U it
4i 12:20
I SIThere ¦will a handicap tournament over
thirty-six holes, medal play, on the Presi
dio links to-day. J. W. Byrne la the han
dicapper and a large list of entries has
been received. Eighteen holes will be
played in the morning and the remaining
two rounds in the afternoon. John Law
son plays from scratch, and the other en
tries receive handicaps as follows: E. J.
McCutchen. H. B. Goodwin. H. r>. Pllls
bury. J- W. Byrne and S. L. Abbot Jr.,
2: Lansing O. Kellogg, 3: Hugh Tevls and
Charles Page. 5: Henry Golcher and H. C.
Breeden. 6; A. C. Bingham, 8: t>r. Bever
ly McMonagle. T. Binny. Worthingttm
Ames and H. Blackman, 10: P. McG. Mc-
Bean. C. P. Eells. and M. S. Severance,
12: W*. H. La Boyteaux, 14: Warren Greg
ory. Grant. Selfridge and Rumbold. 15.
The final rounds of the competitions for
the Council's cup for men and for tho
ladles' cup will be played to-day on tho
links of the San Rafael Golf Cltib. An
open handicap tournament, over eighteen
holes, match play, for silver prizes, was
begun yesterday and will be concluded to
day on the links of the Oakland Golf
Club.
Golf for To-Day.
footers, 25-footers and yawls will go over
the short course of ten nautical miles, the
yachts In the 30-foot. 36-foot and 44-foot
classes go over the middle course, offi
cially reckoned at fourteen nautical miles,
while the 70-footers bo over the Ions
course, officially reckoned at twenty
eight nautical miles. The mosquito
fleet will sail over the special course, offi
cially reckoned as five mllea. All the
yachts will carry officlaUnicing numbers
and club colors.
The first and second|ifacntj| In each class
¦will receive silver f Cupa. prize pennants
and certificates of merit. Tfce Macdonough
cup Is the most valuable trophy and will
be won by the yachi makihg the fastest
time in the 30-foot class. /*The Law cup
will be given to the S|-footfer making tho
best time over the spetlal course. An un
usually large list of entries has been re
ceived, and some very interesting racing
In expected. The officials are as follows:
Referee. Captain H. T. Emery: Judges— R.
R. l'Hommedieu and Dr. C. L. Tlsdale;
timers— R. Coykendall and Harry Gibbs.
THE fifth annual regatta of the Pa
cific Interclub Tacht Association
will take place to-day over the
usual channel course. The prepara
tory whistle will be blown at 11:50
a. m. and the 20-foot class will start at
noon. The 25-footers and the yawls will
start at 12:10 p. m., the 30-footers at 12:20.
the 36-footers at 12:30. the 44-footers at
12:40 and the 70- footers at 12:50. The 20-
Unusually Large Number of
Boats for tbe Regatta.
To-Day'sGolf.
SILVER TROPHIES
FOR SWIFT YACHTS
The hall of the B. B. building. In which
Golden Gate Parlor is entertaining ita
friends, was crowded last night by those
who wished to enjoy the ball. In addi
tion to the programme of dances those
who attended were served with refresh
ments in the banquet hall.
Golden Gate.
The quarters of El Dorado Parlor In
Red Men's Hall were crowded to their
utmost last night by strangers who ac
cepted the invitation to enjoy an evening
of dances. The hall was too small to ac
commodate the visitors who assembled
as the guests of the parlor and of the
members of Orlnda Parlor of the Native
Dai'ghters. -who assisted in receiving.
During the evening there was served to
all who cofald enter the banquet hall an
excellent collation.
El Dorado Parlor.
members of Sequoia Parlor No. 160 enter
tained. Their guests numbered by the
hundreds. T^. C. Pistoles! had the floor in
charge and right well did he discharge
his manifold and intricate duties. A
grand ball, to which invitations only wll 1
be recognized, Is on Sequoia's programme
for to-night.
Los Angeles Bests.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 10.—There were
some evidences of a holiday in Los An
geles on the part of the merchants. Many
closed their doors for half the day. The
banks, the oil exchanges and the county
buildings were closed. No exercises were
held.
San Diego Closes Shop for the Day.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. lO.-Banks and most
places of business were closed to-day, but
otherwise there was no special observance
of Admission day.
An address of welcome on behalf of the
San Bernardino Society of Pioneers was
delivered by President R. T. Roberts. The
welcoming address on behalf of the San
Bernardino Board of Trade was delivered
by T. Q. Wilson. An address on "The-Ad
misslon of California" was made by L.. A.
Ingersoll and the address on behalf of
the Native Sons by J. E. Rich, all of San
Bernardino. Eloquent responses were
given on behalf of the Los Angeles visit
ors by W. H. Workman, Major Bell H O
Barrows, R. R. Haines, Lewis Rouder and
Will D. Gould. About 2500 people were
present on the picnic grounds. After lun
cheon the. visitors were driven about the
valley in carriages.
sary ot H the admission of California into
the Union was largely given up to the
Pioneers. A special train from Los An
geles and way stations was met by a re
ception committee of prominent citizen?
and the guests -were escorted to Midway-
Springs, where literary exercises were
held.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 10. -The
celebration to-day of the fiftieth anniver-
San Bsmardino Jubilates.
successful affair. As soon as darkness
came there was a splendid fireworks dis
play on the plaza, after which there was
a ball at Barnhart's hall, the Lodl brass
band furnishing the music. During the
evening a splendid banquet was enjoyed
by the Natives and their guests. The
toastmaster at the banquet was L. C. Mc-
Murtry and a vocal quartet lent zest to
the occasion.
Lodi Natives and San Ber
nardioo Pioneers Cele
ferate the Jubilee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LODI, Sept. lO.-Those Native Sons
anrl Dauphter3 who could not at
tend the celebration at San Fran
clSCO had a celebration of their
own in Lodl to-day. It was a most
OTHER CALIFORNIA
TOWNS MAI^E MERRY
Shoots His Hival and the Girl He
Loves and Then Sends a Bullet
Through His Own Heart.
BUTTE. Mont.. Sept. 10.— At Rock
Creek, in Park County, last night Frank
Forrest, a ranchhand, aged 20, shot and
killed Willis Howard, a well-to-do ranch
er, aped 30; fatally wounded Miss Laura
Linn, aged 16. and then committed sui
cide by shootinK himself through the
heart.
JILTED LOVER'S
TERRIBLE VENGEANCE
LOS AXOELES, Bed. 10.— While using ,a
raBoline stove this afternoon the clothing of
Mrs. KMzabeth HlRhcamps of 1419 Paloma
Ftroet caught fire and she received burns that
will result fatally.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Sept. lO.-At Agua Call
rnte, near Pheonix. J. D. James, a school
teacher shot a man named North, yesterday.
James flred three shots. One shot took ef
fect, but the wound is not fatal.
RENO, N'ev., Sept. 10.— Mrs. Bullard, who
was shot through the neck in this city last
Saturday by Passman, is slightly improved and
will probnbly recover. Mr. nullard, her hua
bar.cl, has been released from jail.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 10.— Tom Fitch Jr..
who wag brought here from Stockton recently
charg-ed with obtaining money under false pre
tenEes was exonerated In court to-day. The
arrest' was due to a misunderstanding.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Sept. 10.— At Kyrene, twen
ty miles from here, 7400 cords of wood, owned
by A J. Hausen and valued at over $21,000,
were destroyed by fire Saturday nipht. The
fire was started by a Mexican, formerly a com
petitor of Hausen.
LOS ANGKLES, Sept. 10.— The Hon. John
WoMlpy of Chicasro. the Prohibition candidate
for President of the United States, arrived In
thin city this afternoon. An immense audience
greeted him at Simpson Auditorium. He left
to-nisht for Colton. . .
WILLCOX. Ariz.. Sept. 10.— For the last ten
days numerous heavy rains have visited this
section and the drought is completely broken.
The water holes all over the country are filled
and the grass in about four inches tall. This
now promise* to be ' the best season for the
cattle Industry that we have had for many
years. :^,_".
LOS ANGELES, Sept 10.— A woman kneel
ing between the rails of a street car line, pray
ing for death, was a peculiar scene, witnessed
this morning In this city. She was - taken
to the police station and leave her name as
Mary Mandy. She is evidently Insane and
was sent to the County Hospital pending: an
examination. i
PACIFIC "'GROVE. Sept. 10.— The Itinerants'
Clutf of the California M. E. Conference con
cluded its session to-day. The following of
ficers were elected for the coming year: , Presi
dent. Charles E. Winning of Los. Gatos: vice
president. . II.' J. Winsor of Uklah; secretary and
treasurer. H. K. Mllnos of " Santa , Clara. An
executive committee composed of • the officers
and Leslie M. Burwell of Palo Alto, M. H. Al
exander of Oakland and F. W. Lloyd of Occi
dental was also elected. ¦• ¦
COAST BREVETIES.
Indictments in Goebel Case.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Sept. 10.— The fall
term of the Circuit Court began here to
day. The Grand Jurv as a result of de
veiopments in the trial of Caleb Powers
is exDectnd to return additional indict
ments in the Goebel killing.
«
Monterev Forest Fire Is Checked.
MONTEREY. Sept. 10.— About 200 acres
of valuable timber, mos-tly pine, was de
stroyed by the fire back of Monterey,
which gained such alarming proportions
yesterday as to threaten the town. The
"fire is now under control. David Jacks
owns the land. V'-
Smallpox at Bakersfleld and Chico.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 10.—Another case
of smallpox has developed here. Albert
Tremain, an employe of the Cosmopolitan
Hotel, is the victim. The place was
promptly quarantined.
CHICO, Sept. 10.—A case of smallpox
was discovered to-day at Bidwell sheep
camp, four miles north of here. The vic
tim is Antone Silva, a Spaniard, who came
from the south a week ago. County
Health Officer Bing has quarantined the
camp. __^
Salt Lake Gamblers Fight Thugs.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Sept. ll.-A bold
attempt was made to hold up the Sheep
Planch gambling-house about 2 o'clock
this morning by two unknown men.
George Prousse was wounded during the
shooting and both robbers were shot.
One of them, however, e'scaped, but the
one most seriously wounded was cap
tured and taken to the police station.
Otto Greenhood Blows Out His Brains
After Writing a Letter to His
Brother in This City.
PORTLAND, Sept. 10.— Otto Greenhood.
a well-known newspaper reporter of this
city, committed suicide this evening in the
toilet room of the Hotel Portland by
shootin{r"~himself with a revolver. De
spondency due to ill health is supposed
to have caused him to take his lire.
Greenhood was well known in San Fran
cisco and Sacramento and in Carson City,
Xev He left a letter directing that hid
brother. Louis Greenhood, of 1303 Octavia
street, San Francisco, be notified of bis
death.
CALIFORNIAN 'KILLS
HIMSELF AT PORTLAND
SAN JOSE. Sept 10.— Joseph Grant, a
Lexington saloon keeper, aged 70 years,
wa3 Knocked down and run over by a
ewltch engine on the narrow gauge road,
near Park avenue, this evening. u e was
walking the track at the time. His skull
was fractured and his scalp terribly lacer
ated. His recovery 1s doubtful.
PENO, Sept. 10.— S. B. Ferrell of Floris
ton, Cal., while crossing the railroad,
track here to-day was struck by an en
gine and hurled twenty feet in the air.
His left arm was wrenched and he had a
frightful gash, on his face, extending from
his mouth to his ear. The most painful
and serious injury is In the chest. He -s
badly hurt Internally and at this time the
doctors cannot pay If he will recover or
not. The injured man lies at the County
Hospital.
Two Men Struck by Trains.
fwclal Dispatch to The Cal]
California: Original— Hugh Sharkey,
Stockton, $6: Samuel D. Thurston, San
Krancipco. J8; Simon J. Happ, Oakland/?6;
David A. Van Fossen. Hard wick, $10; Al
len B. Clark, San Francisco, $*>. Increase
—Thomas C. Brewster, Grainland, $12.
Washington: Original — John F. McCoy,
Spokane, <S; N>ls Olson., Hoquiam, $S.
BldB were opened to-day at the Treasury
Department for the construction of a pub-
He building at Stockton, Cal. The bidders
were: A. E. Bassett. San Francisco, $123,
000; Clark & Henry, Stockton, $121,874;
Fred M. Muller, Stockton, $108,000: McPhee
& Co.,, San Francisco, J94.8G2; Neish Stone
Company, San Francisco. $117,000; Pacific
Construction Company, San Francisco,
$108,973; LIndgreen & Hick, San Fra.ncisco,
$103,690.
INTEKESTS THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.— Pensions have
boen issued as follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND. Sept. 10.— The Sunset
Telephone Company has ordered that all
telephones in the city for which contracts
expire on October 1 be removed and ais
continued from that date. The company's
Intention is to do away with all local
service and maintain only long distanc;
communication. The reason ascribed for
this radical change Is excessive taxation
by the county and city. At its last se3
sion the County Board of Equalization in
creased the company's assessment $10,000
and the city increased it from $6550 to 119,
500. The company claims it cannot main
tain a profitable business with such an
assessment. A gang of ten linemen at
work making extensive improvements in
the city were called away in the midst of
their work after the company heard of
the increase by the City Board of Equal
ization.
TELEPHONE MONOPOLY
CINCHING WOODLAND
The decomposed remains of a
male child, that had lived
only a few days, was found
this afternoon by two children
while playing in the brush at
Alameda and Fifteenth
strests. The babe had been
killed with a blunt instru
ment, the skull being dented
and fractured. The police
were notified and detectives
were sent out, but they say no
clew has been found to the
parties committing the crime.
The body of the babe was
wrapped in cotton cloths that
had been saturated with kero
sene oil and were badly
scorched, showing that an ef
fort had been made to burn
the body. This failing, the
dead infant was put into a
gunnysack and thrown into
the bushes. Coroner Holland
will hold an inquest to-mor
row. '
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 10.—
Special Di.«patch to The Call.
MURDERED BABE
FOUND IN BRUSH
AT LOS ANGELES
John R. Inglis. the husband. Is contract-
Ing freight agent of the Union Pacific
Railway, with an office on' Market street.
Mrs. Inerlis was a clerk In the tax de
partment of the Southern Pacific Com
pany with E. Black Ryan. Mr. and Mrs.
Inglia were married at Martinez and on
the same day took the rooms in which she
ended her life. Mr. Inglls was divorced
from his former wife four years ago.
It Is my request, In case of my death, that
o\erythin(r 1 rot^ess shall ko to my moi'.ic-r,
Mi-f. \. Oriway, 214 leavenworth street. Kur%
niture of two rooms. 531 Sutter street; savings
.iiccunt. money In Genran Savings ami Loan
Society, bonk In drawer at office; money in
Union Trvst Hank, corner Montgomery and
Market streets, book at bank; 2.10 shares Cale
donia stock, the stock is with broker, 312 Pine
street <S!<ies & Co.); box of jewelry, etc., in
safe at off.ie.
LI M.IAN IXGLIS (nee Ordway.
f her mother. The note read as follows
September 9, 1900.
QUARRELED WITH HER
- HUSBAND AND ENDED HER
EXISTENCE.
The key of the gas burner and the
valves of a gas stove were turned on lo
their fullest extent. Or. the bureau was
a plain brown envelope bearing the ad
dress "Mrs. A. Ordwav, 214 Leavenworth
street. Private. City." It was the name
ISS LILLIAN ORDWAY con
// )( vV * rac^ e^ an unhappy marriage on
<i Jla, June 10 of this year, when she
became Mrs. John S. Inglls, and
when she repented of it and found it too
late she turned on the gas and exactly
three months after her wedding day was
a corpse. Her husband, after a quarrel
with her in their rooms last Sunday night,
left the house In a stormy mood and
spent the remainder of that night and the
greater part of Monday elsewhere. When
he returned at a quarter of 4 o'clock yes
terday afternoon his wife had been dead
for many hours.
There are conflicting stories as to the
quarrel which the j uur.g wife took so
much to heart. Some of the inmates of
531 Sutter street, where the couple re
sided, said that Mr. Ingiis objected to his
wife's declaration that she wished to at
tend a ball announced for last night. They
said also that such quarrels between the
couple had been of frequent occurrence.
After the stormy voices had ceased and
Inglls had slammed the door behind him
on leaving the house r.o more was heard
or known until 9 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, when A. Cowan, a roomer In the
house, noticed the strong odor of Illumin
ating pas proceeding from Mrs. Inglis'
room. The door was forced and the un
happy woman was found in bed, dead.
Physicians were hastily summoned, but
they declared that the woman had been
dead for many hours.
Great Britain and Russia entered the
lists In the Northwest in the persons of
their sailors and fur traders. Bering, the
Dane, under Russian authority, sailed
through the strait that bears his nam<\
and his expedition projected others (172S
41) that led to the possessions of Russian
America. Drake, the Englishman, the
greatest seaman of hi? age, passing ths
France entered jpon her claims to he
Mississippi Valley and the great West by
the work of Marquette, Joliet and La
Salle. During the century following the
work of these «. rench explorers France
pushed Spain to the south and west. In
1S00 she forced from Spain the cession of
Louisiana, which subsequently, '.n our
Florida treaty in lS19.came to be described
by the historic zigzag line from the
mouth of the Sabine to Oregon— up the
Sablne to latitude 30. then due north f>
the Red River, up that river to longitude
23 (from "Washington), thence north to tho
Arkansas, and up that river to latitude 42.
and on that parallel to the Pacific.
Prance and the West.
Great as was the acknowledged sway
of Spain at the close of the last century,
that sway was still a marked decline from
her claims and pretensions of the six
teenth century.* The papal bull of Alex
ander VI in 1403 "to prevent collision be
tween Christian princes" drew an im
aginary line from the north pole to the
south, assigning to Soain all that lay west
of that line and to Portugal all that lay
east, and It decreed to the government of
the discoverer pll newly discovered lands
and waters. Columbus, sailing under the
Spanish flag, gave a new world to his sov
ereign. Ponce de Leon discovered Florida
in 1512. and most of the 1 continent was
claimed under that name for nearly a
century to come. Balboa, the Spaniard,
In 1513 discovered the Pacific Ocean, and
in his spectacular scene of wading into its
waters and striking its surf with his
sword he claimed all its islands and
shores for his monarch. These stupen
dous claims were further supnorted by
De Soto's discovery of the Mississippi
(1541) and bv Narvaez's explorations
along the Mexican Gulf (1328>. These
events led to the Spanish exDloratlon* of
Southwestern America. In 153B survivors
of Narvaez's men. as captives of wan
dering bands of Indians, had been carried
across the continent to the Gulf of Cali
fornia. They had stories of wonderful
cities to tell to the Spaniards In Mexico.
Meniloza. the Spanish Governor of that
country, sent Fr.t Marcos, the renowned
monk, to search for the legendary "Seven
Cities of Clbola." Marcos discovered the
Pueblos, pnd th*» next year. 1540. Coro
nado marched fartner to the north and
west, and for two years he wandered over
the western mountains and plains. How
ever, he brouprht to the world frcm his
trials anrl toils but little except Imper
fect geographical knowledge of th> val
leys of the Colorado, the Gila and the Rio
Grande.
Spain and the West.
XL
We cannot look to the mountains and
valleys of the great West without recall
ing the historic powers that once con
tended there for dominion and mastery.
Spain and France. Great Britain and Rus
sia have all looked for empire In Western
America, and. as Is usual In history, their
respective claims and expectations have
been based upon the pioneer work of their
discoverers and explorers. The decadence
of Spain as an American power is now
complete. Yet but a short century aR°
she held in America an empire by the
side of which the territory of the United
States was meager Indeed. From the
sources of the Missouri and the Missis
sippi to the borders of Patagonia two
American continents acknowledged the
rule of Spain. The surrender of the last
remnant of this vast imperial claim is
recent and vivid history.
Note — This study by Dr. J. A. "Woodburn
of Indiana University will be continued
on Tuesday next.
While Jefferson resided In Paris, hrfnra
1790. John Ledyard of Connecticut came
there to organize a fur company for the
Northwest. Ledyard had spent four yeari
of his irregular and adventurous liff with
the famous navigator Cook as a corporal
on Cook's noted ship, the Resolution.
Jefferson proposed to Ledyard that he go
by land to Kamchatka, cross in some O{
the Russian vessels tr> Nootka Sou-<1.
pass down into the latitude of the Mis
souri and penetrate to and through th;»t
river to the United States. Jefferson ob
tained for Ledyard the permission of the
Russian Government. Ledyarcl starts
upon his- darlne venture, but when he
was within 200 miles of Kamchatka h'a
Government permission was revoked and.
he was arrested and carrier! hack to Pr>
land. broken in body and soirit. Ledyard.
though his purpose was defeated, deserves
to be remembered as the forerunner of
the great explorers of the West who fol
lowed him.
John Ledyard.
The first great expansion of the repub
lic after Independence was in the acquisi
tion of Louisiana. Judged by Its ulti
mate consequences this transfer of do
main from France to America was one of
the most momentous events In the his
tory of the western world. ' It ha3 been
held to distinguish Jefferson amnn?
American statesmen as one of the most
fertile in far-reaching and beneficent de
signs. It is to the prescience and policy
of Jefferson that we owe not only th«
purchase but the earliest exploration of
our new possessions.
Jefferson and Louisiana.
But these early exploits of the English
were not so effective as a basis of pos
session as were the operations of British
fur traders and trappers. It is the trader
that haa blazed the way for the advancing
frontier. The Hudsons Bay Company,
which has dotted with Its trading post*
the Immense regions between the two
oceans from the United States to the Arc
tic Sea. was chartered by Charles II ire
1670. This charter Incorporated the "Gov
ernor and Company of Adventurers Trad
ing Into the Hudsons Bay." with exc'usKo
trade rights in all the lands drained by tha
waters of that bay; It granted, also, "thn
whole and entire trade and traffic to ami
from the havens, bays, creeks, rivers,
lakes and seas into which they shall find
entrance by water or land." In 1749 th<>
company almost forfeited Its rights by
"non user." In fact, for more than 150
years, approximately from 1608 to 17BS. lit
tle exploration and settlement of tho vast
West was attempted. After the cession
of Canada to Great Britain (1763) numbers
of fur traders spread over the western
part of the continent. The Northwest
Fur Company of Montreal, of which Irv
ing writes In his "Astoria," carried on a
fierce competition with the Hudson,
company, and it was with these trading
companies and their interests that we
had our chief difficulty in establishing our
claims to the valley of the Columria and
the Northwest. The voyages of Cook
(1776-S) and of Vancouver (1791>. both of
whom made explorations on the North
west coast, were also used as a further
basis for English claims. Contemporary
with Vancouver our American Captain
Gray discovered the Columbia River— a
discovery that materially aided our
claims to the Oregon country.
But it is not with the counter claims or
the rival nations, nor with the work or
their earliest explorers, seamen and trap
pers in the West, that th!s account ha»
chiefly to do. It Is to the American pio
neers and pathfinders of the nineteenth
century who revealed to their country
men the passes of the great mountains
and made possible American possession of
the great West that we would especially
call attention.
straits of Magellan Into Balboa Sea. aaile-1
north to the coast of Oregon (157?) and
laid the beginnings of Great Britain s
claim to our Northwest coast.
Sequoia's Dance.
Saratoga Hall took- en the semblance
of a. miniature redwood forest last night,
while under ' the sDreading brancea • the
The elevator of the Windsor Hotel de
veloped a- "hot box" last night from the
number of times it journeyed up and
down to the headquarters of the Sonoma
County parlors. Six of these keep open
house together. They are the Altamont
No. 167. Sonoma No. 111. Bear Flag No. 27.
Santa Rosa "No. 28, Sotoyome No. 68 and
Glen Ellen No. 102. Frank Doud of Santa
Rosa was the hero of the evening and
told all his friends just how he felt when
the parade passed over' the hot cobbles.
"Dude" Dunn triumphed over hia collar
and presided over several cases of So
noma's finest. Billy Orr and Paul Coulter
were compelled by popular request to re
peat the elaborate Cakewalk | they had
given in the morning. Both are studying
the cobblestone shuffle' so as to astonish
the Santa Rosana on their return to their
native vineyards.
Sonoma's Hospitality.
Rincon Parlor No. 72, one of the fore
most and most ' influential organizations
of its kind in this city, enjoyed a banquet
after the parade. Onlv members of the
parlor were present. Speeches were de
livered by Abe Ruef. W. J. Wynri. w. E.
Foley. T. H. Vivian, W. E. Pcake. Judge
Motjan, Peter Mertes and Grand Trustee
C K' McLaughlin. Frank Carroll gave
some dialect recitations, Frank Kane sang
and "L. K. Hagenkamp made some clever
remarks. During the banquet the Rln
cons entertained their friends with danc
ing and refreshments in the two large
halls they engaged for the festivities in
Pythian Castle. IT. O'Keefe and Charles
Cannon acted as floor managers. The
parlor has expended nearly $5000 in enter
tainment. This afternoon there' will be
open house and in the evening a ball will
be given. It will be strictly invitational
Kincon Entertains.
The splendid manner In which the vast
crowds that gathered to view the parade
were handled was the subject of general
comment yesterday, not alone by the resi
dents but by visitors as well. From one
end to the other the line of march was
kept clear of pedestrians, vehicles and
cyclists— an innovation in San Francisco
pageants. Nine miles of -wire cable was
stretched along the line of march and
cordons of police, mounted and on foot,
stood guard to see that none but ' thosj
with full right, crossed over or Interfered
with the parade.
The police were thrown out in divisions.
Each given certain territory to cover and
not once during the day was It found nec
essary to alter the original plan. The
crowd, the police say. was unusually or
derly and In a large measure assisted" In
keeping the line open for the advance of
the marching column.
But- few arrests were made during the
day and that no serious accidents oc
curred is considered remarkable in view
of the Immense crowds that jammed the
streets from one end to the other on the
line of march.
Crowds "Well Handled.
Governor Gage was tendered a luncheon
at the Palace yesterday afternoon, after
parade, by the members of his staff. There
were present, in addition, the Governor of
Wyoming and staff. Lieutenant Governor
J. H. Neff, General W. R. Shatter, E. T.
Wilson, his aid; Grand President R. C.
Rust. W. I). Hobro Jr.. president of Cali
fornia Parlor: Henry O. Lunstedt. grand
secretary: R. H. Morse, Stephen V. Cos
tcllo and Lieutenant Colonel Charles Box
ton, The lunch commenced at 3 o'clock
and did not terminate until 7 in the even
ing. There were a few congratulatory
short talks upon the absorbing topic of
the day— the parade. In the evening the
Governor and staff-made a tour of visita
tion to twenty-seven of the parlor head
quarters.
Yesterday afternoon the entertainment
committee of California and Buena Vista
parlors tendered a luncheon to Mrs. H. T.
Gage, wife of the Governor, at the Palace.
There were present Mrs. Davis, Mrs.
Barnes, Emma Benning, Mrs. R. C. Rust,
Mrs. J. O. Morse. Mrs. Hendrickson, Miss
Kerrigan, Mrs. J. P. Dockery, Miss Ma
rian Pernau and Miss May HIgglns.
Dined With the Governor.
The Association of Past Presidents of
the Native Sons gave a banquet in the
Palace Hotel last night, at which there
were present, in addition to the members,
a number of the grand officers. There
was an excellent menu and responses to
a number of toasts.
Past Presidents' Association.
T.a Estrella Parlor. Native Daughters of
the Golden West, entertained hundreds of
friends and visitors yesterday at their
headquarters in the Palace Hotel. Re
freshments were served in the afternoon
and an excellent programme was ren
dered. In the evening the Sons of the
Exempt Firemen were the guests of the
fair members. There was dancing, and
refreshments were served by the fair
hostesses. Among those who received the
guests were: Mrs. C. Thomson. Miss "Vas
selen. Miss G. Bello, Miss N. Hanly, Mrs.
L. Thierbach. Miss B. Hartmann. Miss M.
Klevesahl. Mrs. William Nichols, Mrs. E.
H. Aigeltinger. Miss Alice Maunder and
Miss E. Mclnernoy. Hynej} orchestra fur
nished music. Miss Henley* played a num
ber of piano selections. William Fenster
macher sang, as did also Miss Heyer and
Miss Middleton. The handsome silken
hand-made Hag presented to the parlor
by Mrs. Helen Bordner was on exhibition
and was greatly admired. Lawrence Vin
cent has been of great assistance to the
members and they have expressed their
appreciation on every occasion. The par
lor will keep open house this afternoon
and evening.
Ladies of La Estrella.
The grand bail given by Stanford Parlor
at Golden Gate Hall last night was a brill
iant affair in every detail. The hall was
beautifully decorated in the jubliee colors,
the prevailing materials being satin, silk
and gold embroidery. On the stage was a
huge setting sun in electric lights, sur
rounded by thirty-one stars, representing
the number of States in the Union after
California was admitted. In the center
of the hall was a hanging basket made
; of 500 white and yellow chrysanthemums,
i Six hundred lights were used in the dec
; orations and the electrical effects during
the dancing caused genuine admiration.
The decorations were the work of A. F.
Schleicher, one of the members of the
parlor.
The grand march began at 10 o'clock
and was led by William F. Humphrey,
president of the parlor, and Miss Hum
phrey, followed by 230 couples. The ladies
were tastefully gowned and the gentlemen
i in evening dress, relieved by the uniforms
worn by the members of the parlor and
i adopted for the celebration. A fine pro
; gramme of dances to the music of a string
¦ orchestra was enjoyed. During an inter
! mission the guests adjourned to the ban-
hall, where a light repast was
!. Served. The upp^r hall was then opened
for the accommodation of the guests, the
number of which had greatly increased
j during the evening. Dancing was then
' continued until early morning and another
i successful "Stanford affair" came to an
| end.
Ball at Stanford Parlor.
Over 3000 invitations had been sent out
and nearly one-half that number respond
ed. Among the invited were the Governor
and staff. Mayor Phelan and members of
the city government, many Pioneers and
all the grand officers of the Native Sons
and Daughters of this city. To-day the
parlor will have an excursion to Mare Isl
and, and at midnight will start for home.
Stockton Parlor is the fecond largest in
the State, and it is also one of the rich
est, having some $12,000 in its treasury. It
was organized March 12, 1SS1, and reor
ganized in 18S3.
On .board the steamer H. J. Corcoran
the jolly members of Stockton Parlor No.
7 received their friends from 3 to 6 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. The Stockton boys
chartered the Corcoran especially for the
occasion, and while here their headquar
ters are in the big steamer.
About 250 Sons came down besides sixty
Native Daughters. The steamer is gayly
decorated both inside and out t\nd she pre
sented a pretty spectacle as she steamed
into the bay Sunday night, ablaze with col
ored lights. In addition to the large con
tingent of Stccktonites who came in the
steamer it is estimated that fully. 3000
came by rail to share in the celebration.
The receiving committee consisted of
Messrs. Wurster, Knowles, O'Connor and
LJeginger. The parlor's own band fur
nished music for the reception and light
refreshments were served.
Stockton Parlor's. Steamer.
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton-
DI&COA/ERER.S AND EXPLORERS OF NORTH
AMERICA. '
THE EXPLORERS OF THE GREAT WEST,
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Continued from Page Four.
GREAT PARADE
MARKING THE
ANNIVERSARY
Miss Mabel Moore f? the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. M. R. Moore of Alameda.
Mr. Katnn is the son <->f Ward Eaton, a
Pan Francisco caDitalist end direr-to- of
the Sunset Telephone Company. He oc
cupies a position with the telephone com
pany.
Among those who constituted the happy
narty on the Azaline were Mrs. M. R.
Moore. Mrs. Harper A. Smith. Mrs. Me<3
craft. Miss Grace Cook. Miss Jessie Jami
son. Miss Mabel Dodge. Miss Jessie
J'Mri'ee. M?.<=s Harriet Austin. Miss Isabelle
Curtis. Miss Marjorle Moore.
Miss Moore is connected with the Ala
meda School Department and is a social
favorite. At the Deginning of the vacation
season she was the moving spirit in the
organization of a party of young la/lies
which chartered the commodious yacht
Azaline for a two months' cruise to the
shores of Marln. The yachting party be
came a fixture at the little city of boats
and its members active participants in
the social functions of th£ watering place.
I. Ward Eaton was one of a party of
young men who occupied a houseboat
lying off Belvedere and was invited with
several friends to attend a moonlight
gathering on the Azaline. There he met
Miss Moore and it was a case of mutual
love ct first sight. Within three days
after the meeting on the yacht the
couple had plighted their troth and an
nounced the surprising fact to their
frirnds. No date has been set for the
wedding.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 10.— A moonlight
yachting party at Belvedere not long
since will in the near future result In the
marriage of a young couple prominent in
Alameda and San Francisco society. Misa
Mabel Moore of this city and I. Ward
Eaton of San Francisco. The details of
the meeting of the young couple and Its
romantic ending have just come to light
through the whisperings of members of
the party, who made merry in the little
cove at Helvedere.
Miss Mabel Moore and I. Ward Eaton
Plight Their Troth After an
Acquaintance of Only
Three Days.
Moonlight Party on Azaline
Leads to a Society En
gagement.
ROMANCE OF A
YACHTING TRIP
TO BELVEDERE
"Winter's Pinch Is Driving the I>es
perate Men to Crime.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. Sept. 10.—
The S»n Pedro arrived from Nome this
evening with 276 passengers. The San
Pedro sailed August Srt. and the passen
gers confirm the reports of the richness
of the Biuestone discovery. A man by
the name of Parkor. who came down on
the San Pedro, and who was among the
first on the ground. Fold Ms claim for T10.
000, and is on his way East. Returning
passengers report that aJrrady winter is
pitting Sn. The rufnanly element have
become unusually bold and men are
knocked down and robbed niphtly. Sev
eral cases ar*> rpi>orted where victims
have Just enough meney to pay fare home
end while on the way to the vessels wr-re
Fandbajrg'ed and robbc-d. being left desti
tute.
' THUGS AT NOME.
The expedition left this city on the
ftfamfr Samoa early In Juno. Although
much speculation tvas indutcod in as to
th" actual destination and motives of the
party a rigid secreby was maintained.
The "facts which lc-akod out were to the
effect that considerable Knglish and Rus
sian capital was invested in the enterprise
and the members of the party would ex
plore the Siberian Coast and prospect for
gold. Vladimer Larsky. a colonel of th^
Russian Guard, had obtained the conces
sion to a vast tract of land which was
t<i be thoroughly exploited. The services
of George D. Roberts, a veteran Califor
nia mir.er. who has made a study of gold
deposits, were secured. He had a plan
for extracting gold from the frozen
tundra. C. Bogcianovitch represented
Russian Interests and other members of
thp party were J. rf. Landfield Jr., N. J.
Stewart. Forbes Rickard. F. W. Baker
and Cecil Johnstone.
at '.>nce sent out to the boat and placed
Is ' barge of the Russians.
Nome advie^.-; state that all parties to
the affair are reticent, but the fact of the
Samoa's return and the arrest of the Rus
sians could rot be concealed and other
facts are gradually leaking out. Roberts
ar.d the Americans, it is eaid. claim to
have tHf most convincing evidence of the
V'if'i of the Russians, and it is thought
ar N*'<rae that the military authorities will
Bjmpljr hold their prisoners on board the
phip until the matter has been reported
10 and action taken by the governments of
the t*-'O nations.
vantage.
I'pon the arrival of the vessel at Nome
Kob^ris informed the military authorities
of the affair and a squad of soldiers was
SEATTLE (Wash.). Sept. NX-According ]
to n*ws reoelvad here from Nome to-day
& Russian mining engineer named Da
c ->ur.e<Jvitch and thirty other Russians I
: re held there by the military authorities I
to answer to serious charges, the out- !
come of which may lead to International j
complications between the United States j
end Russia.
The Russians were arrested on the j
corcplalnt of George D. Roberts and six I
ottur Americans, the prisoners and ccra- ,
plainants having been members of the i
Roberts expeditions from Ban Francisco, j
which reached Nome in June and started ;
August 9 for Siberia, on board the steam- ;
ship Samoa. The Russians are charged ¦
with plotting to conduct the seven Aoer- i
Ic&ns to a. desolate point Inland from the j
Siberian coast, and there murder them, j
or. as an alternative, to maroon them at !
some point on the Siberian coast remote *
from settlement. Then, it is said, the j
RufaElans proposed to take advantage of i
the objects for which the expedition was i
organized, afterward returning i» ihe
cciiFt and taking departure in the Samoa
for anywlit-it but a:i American port.
The "Sainoa left Nom« with men and [
material for the operation of a mining •
concession in Russian territory, held by j
a. syndicate of English capitalists. Th--* j
expedition was in charge of Roberts ar.d .
he had associated with him the Russian
engineer. Dadouriedviteh. The fcrce in- •
eluded thirty Ruffians, who had been en- •
gapvd as laborers, and six Americans.
Shortly after the vestei put to sea the
thirty laborers began lo act in a manner ;
that aroused the suspicion of the Ameri- I
tans and the uneasiness was 'augmented j
by the alleged discovery that the Ruj- ;
liars', with the exception of u.e civil en
gineer, were all Cossack soldiers. Roberts
put a watch ujmn them and soon learned
of a pi r >t to i=eize the vessel and maroon
or murder the Americans.
Roberta quickly formed the plan of ac
tion that was subsequently carried out.
A r.ipl.t or two »fter the discovery of the
plot the Americans managed to get on
fleck together, while all the Russians save
twrt were in their bunks. These two were j
quietly overpowered, sagged and left un- ¦
c."T truard. while the Americans proceeded ;
to get control of the fiiearms and ammu- ;
dtlon on board the ship. The direction
cf the vessel was at once reversed and
ph«^ was headed back lor Nome.
The two Russians were then released i
and when they had awakened their coun- '
trymen there was a great uproar, all pro- ¦
ffsyinp' ignorance of any plot anfl avow- j
ir.e only the most peareful intentions. The
Americans, however, maintained their ad- j
Secure All the Firearms on the Samoa
end Then Take the Mutineers to
Nome, Where They Are
Held Prisoners.
»
Bx>*clal r«Bi»atch to The Call.
Laborers of Roberts' Siberia
Expedition Plan to Slay
Promoters.
AMERICANS
FOIL PLOT OF
RUSSIANS
MARRIED THREE MONTHS AND
FOUND HER LIFE UNBEARABLE
Mrs. John 5, Inglis, Wife of Union ' Pacific-Con
tracting'.Freight Agent, "¦ Quarrels With Hus= ;
band and Ends Her" Existence.
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, SEmMiiER 11, 1900.
Bishop B. W. Arnett. D. D.. presiding
over the third Episcopal district of the
African M. E. church, will address the
congregation of the Bethel M. E. Church
to-night on "The Lessons of the Century."
The Blehop is one of the most noted
leaders of the African race and is a mem
ber of the ad vlstory board of the National
Republican Committee. The lecture will
commence at 8 o'clock. Admission is freo.
African Bishop to Lecture.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.— H. A. Horn
leln and wife and X. B. Malville are at
the St. James; Mr. and Mrs. A. Russell
are at the Shoreham; F. L. Turpln and
wife are at the Metropolitan. All are
from San Francisco.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
Twer.ty-five-miJe fam race— Won by the Los
Anirelt-B team, D. Cromwell. Fred Dee and P.
Maier. £0 points; Ilfverslde eeeond, 62 points.
The other trains. Oberon and Covlna, made very
r«oor ihonlng, neither g-ettinsr «-» high as 20
points.
Baises Railway Men's Wages.
PperiaJ niKratch to The Ca.Il.
SAN" DIEGO, Sept. 10.— As a result of
the visit of Vice President Lanning of the
Ean Diego Land and Town Company, the
employes of the National City and Ctay
rtailroad have come to the conclusion that
prosperity has struck this end of the
country. Beginning with the first of this
month the wages of all employes were
raided 15 per cent, making up for the re
duction they were called upon to stand
about three years and a. half apo, when
the lack of business compelled the man
agers to reduce wa^os or reduce employes,
and the cut In pay was made.
Bicyclist Shoemaker Beceives Injur
ies at the Ninth Annual Meet
That May Cau*e Death.
RIVERSIDE. Sept. 10.— The ninth an
nual race meet of the RlverFide Wheel
men's Leapue he'.d to-day was a cur-cess
no far as good races and attendance wer«
eorx-erned, but there were two serious ac-
C In "the finish of the two-mile han-Ucap
O Wilbur of this city and F. Maier of L03
Anisreles collided and both were severely
In th«" twenty-flve-mlie rare Shoemaker
of the Riverside team and Fritz Maler of
the Los Angeles team collided and the
former was badly hurt, bo much so that
his life Jr despaired of. and Maler had hia
•shoulder dislocated. It Is /eared that
Shoemaker's skull is fractured. The sum
rn axles:
On* mil*, novire— Won « by Fritz Maler. O.
Wilbur wmnd. Time. S:31 3-5.
One-third mile, open— "Won by Bert Leslie of
Los A nicies. 1. Cohen of I»s Angeles second.
One' mile, for boys— Won by W. Bums, E. C.
Carter s»-con<J, both of Los Anreles. Time.
2:41.
One mile for colored riders — Won by J.
Pulliam, Hlvei-Flde; J. Anderson, Rlvfrside.
neccnd. Time, 2:50.
Fritz I^aey. who went against the track time
of CS9L made by C. Shoemaker two years ago.
Tailed hlB Cm( being: 2:13.
One mile open— Won by A. O. Tabor, Cor
cna; A. H. Xyc. Monrovia, second. Time,
Two-inMe handicap-Won by P. Maler of Los
AngeleF. Fred Dee of !»• Angeles second.
WHEEL RIDERS CRASH
TOGETHER AT RIVERSIDE
9
HUNTER MISTAKES
FARMER FOR DEER
AND KILLS HIM
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, Sept. 10.—Wes
ley Squires, a youth 15 years
of age, accidentally shot and
kilted John Miller, a prom
inent fanner of Clarka Valley,
while out hunting in the
mountains near Alder Springs
this afternoon. Squires saw
something move in the brush
and thinking it was either a
deer or bear, fired. The bullet
struck Miller in the forehead,
killing him instantly. Squires
is the son of * . S.' Squires, pro
prietor of < the Fruto Hotel at
Fruto. .
1 New York Dental Parlors, 1
I ....OLD RELIABLE.... I
P With Cffices in Portland, Or., San Franc'uoo. Cal., Seattle. Wash. %
o ANT WORK DONE BY US THAT DOES NOT PROVE SATISFACTORY WILL §
g BE ATTENDED TO FREE OP CHARGE AT OUR NEAREST OFFIGE. |
| FULL SET OF TEETH, $5.00. §
§ Gold Crown $5 00 ff9 PlnTR fS^S^ £j
| Gold Filling $1.00 ?
g Silver Filling 50c f^fV^^>^-Y^Y\J §
|; Bridgewdrk ;..... ..$5.00 g
I Teeth Extracted Absolutely Without Pain. g
& We are making a specialty of *ol<J crown anrl bridge work; the most beautiful. 5
0 painless ana durable of all dental work known to the profession. Our name- alone $5
§ will be a cuarantee that ycur work will be of the best. We have a specialist in each S
X" department. Beet operators, best Bold workmen ami extractors of teeth; In fact all Cr
5 the staff are Inventors of modern dentistry. We will tell you In advance exactly what O
« your work will cost by free examination. Give us a call and you will find we do ex- S
Q actly as we advertise. »
I New York Dental Parlors, j
| ¦ 723 MARKET STREET, San Francisco, Cal. |
s RRANfH OFFIf*F«; J ¦ -PORTLAND. OR 8
g BKAi>Ln urriLtij ;.; .Seattle, wash. |THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1900.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL-
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisoo
Cs.ll. comer of Market and Third streets, open
tztrtll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery stree*.
ccrr.er Clay; open until 8:S0 p. m.
StW Hayes street; open until 9:$9 p. m.
639 McAllister etreet: open until S:SO p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 5:20 p. m.
1541 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2K1 Market etreet, comer Sixteenth; open
10« Erventh street; open until > p. m.
1C96 Valencia Etreet: open until t p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA No. L K. <t-i-«
T.. No. 8 Port st. Special aesem- ]ar«j
bly THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING, iCIj
7:20 o'clock. Order of the Temple. x*
All fraters courteously Invited. By order
of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder. [
GOLDEN GATE LcCre No. 80. F. and m
A. M.-Meettcg THIS (TUESDAY) _f\_
EVENING at 7:C5 o'clock. Deere* 3. /LJC
By or&er W. M. ' " *
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
c*'.v*<5 arrlioa.tlons to mine by the hydraulic
crocks from W. W. Treat and John H.
' Thomas. In the Good Hope mine, near
Eclipse. Plumas County, to deposit tailings
In Onion Valley Creek; from the.Bader Gold
Mlclcs Company. In the Bader cold mine.
near Mara lla. Butte County, to deposit tall-
5r.ps In Uttla Butte Creek; from the Ralston
DivMe Gold Mining Company, In the Lynch-
trurx mlr.», near Vlrr.er. Placer County, to
deport tellings In Long Cenyon, and from G.
H. Lewis et al.. In tha Fr.aUe Gulch gravel
mine, near Valilcita. Calaveraa County, to
deposit taUir.cs in fnake Gulch, gives notice
that a meeting will b« held at room r,9. Flood
buMdlne. Ean Francisco. Cal., on September
14. 1900. at l:S0 f- m,
AGENTS WANTED.
tJS TO $50 dally easily made by our Live Arents.
men or women, selling cur latest novelty,
campaign waterproof neckties; goods entirely
new and patented: agents delighted; sales us-
Jirr.lted; what ethers <!o you can do: write to-
day; secure exclusive territory; guaranteed
beet teller. Address, with rtaxrp. M- Si M.
MANFO. CO.. Dept. C. Springfield. Mass.
AGENT* 5 — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
AGENTS sell our aluminum csxd cases and
carfit: circulars and samples free. Bunker
Printing Co.. Dert. 21. Kansas City. Mo.
BOLICITORS wanted: ladles, gentlemen; fe-
ma'e regulator. 350 Phelan building, S. F.
AGENTS cf ability and experience In life lnsur-
ar.ee. Call at room 101. SS7 Market, cor. Sixth.
WE handle newest novelties for agents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 8461 lEth st.
ASPI1ALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, arphalt roofing, clflewalks; cellar
floors laid, repaired; postal. 1185 Mission st.
ASTROLOGY.
MME. MICH. IS IT. estrologiEt; card reading and
palmistry. 25c: horoscopes cart. 1933 Mission.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
r.o fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, SSO Market. cor.Stockton.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates, j
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 21* Montgomery. 1
ADVICK free; r.o charge unless successful. W. '
__. DAVIDSON, ?:7 Market Bt., opp. Mason, i
L. E. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 827 Mar- i
Icct a?t. ". confeultatlcn f r*?^ ; no *^*s in Advance j
CISTER. HERMAN J., attorney, 927 Market '
Ft., r. 5ZS: open eve.. 7-9: consultation free. ¦
BATH CABINETS.
ROI5INSON T3, 4-panel folding-; door opens; firm ;
end rafp. W. S. BROWN, gen. art.. 4IG Ellis, j
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— WO: RHSTAURANT In wholesale district; !
close to water front; a gooa paying business |
ar.d rare business chance. Call B. G. WILKE, i
C6 1 2 Kearay et.
A — ?110O; CORNER crocery and bar; choicest j
location In the Mission; rent $35: 4 living: i
rooms; place Pi=tab. years; as owner, a widow, :
grants to retire. Call R. G. WILKE, 2CH :
Kearny «t. j
A— JwOO; SALOON with building at 7 rooms; ;
long ground lpase; close to Union Iron Works; ]
place estab. 1G years and doing a first-class ¦-
palng business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2CV4 I
Kearr.7 et.
A— $350; GROCERY er.d bar, with three living
rooms; rent S20; thickly settled neighborhood,
eouth cf Market st. Call R. G. WILKE, 2S>i
Keerny Et. ':
A-CORNEP. cigar etore on Kearny at-; clear- !
lr.s above $li.O per month. Call R. G. WILKE, '
S6-S Kearay st,
A— iZOO: COK.VER salocn on Polk at.; long j
leajpe; cheap rent: first-class paying businees; |
death of owner cause of sale. Sea R. O.
WILKE, 2Stt Kearey Et.
A— $300; SALOON; close to new Hall of Justice; '¦
r«ct £30: dally receipta J15; a snap. Call R. i
G. WILKE. 26H Kearnr et. j
A— JICOO; PARTNER wanted In porter, stout j
ar.fl Weiss beer brewery; Investigate; a rare :
char.ee. Call R. G. WILKE, 86^ Kearny st.
Jk. — 12000; ETATIOKERT, notions and Icecream i
parlors, connected with general agency of all i
E. F. raper£;^«te»> general agency of 2 steam ;
laundries; no- crppfcaltloti In either line; rent I
t£J: in lively L-sirtsi- town a.oroea the bay. '
Particulars XL G. WTLKE, 26^ Kearny Et.
1150— PARTNER wantr-d; indoor business; win '
pay f 05 to Vi per qbnth to each yearly. Me- |
LAUGKUN &; QO.^TTTH Market st. j
13;0— MECHANICS' tfoard and lodging house; i
bargain: slckrees cause of Bale. McLAUGH-
LIX fc CO.. 777% Market tt.
tSOOO-PARTNER wanted In wholesale and re- \
te.il liquor store with large outside trade.
SdcLAl'GItLrX * CO.. 7774 Market at.
JSCfr— BUTCHER ehop; bargain; sickness cause !
of eale. McLAUGHLIN & CO., "77% Market
A— KREDO & DUTTON. ZS Geary et.
Hotels, eaioor.s. groceries, restaurants, branch
bakertee. cirar stanfla ana other bueineaaea 1
too numerous to mention; partnerships and i
inveetmerru from 1100 up to $20,000; don't buy j
until you hava eeen KHEDO & DUTTON. S8
Geary at.
"VTE hair* largest list cf saloons, hotels, gro- j
oertea. clear stores, delicatessens, etc, In the
city; beiore buying call SCHWEINHARD &
CO., $17 Market Et.. between Fifth and Sixth;
telephone Mint 15U.
WANTETD— A partner tiiat will answer tha pur-
pose of eplaler at the exhibit of the Califor-
nia Buckeye man with imall capital. Call at
US C&:ifon;la et. at 11 a. m. and ask for
MH- CHAMPAGNE.
MILK ranoh for eale; Jn city Ilmta; «verr-
ifclsg cccrSete. Box 4STO. Call office.
A/-PIGEON3, S00. for eale. Do you want to
engage In tha very profitable bueinee* of rala-
Jrg e<juab« or pigvooa for ebootlng clubs right
here In tha dtyT Any woman can do the
work; rest only tt with waxer. Box 4100. Call.
FOR Bale— One-half or tfc* whole business of
an old •otabUahment on Market at.; former
owner retired with $75,000; present Interested !
•will not agree; by advertising the business I
would take batter than ever; field unlimited -
profits larr»; hasard small; Inveetlpitlon per-
tnitted. Addresa box mi. CalL
PARTXER wanted In a flrat-claM Market-at.
photograph gallery, lady or gentleman: ona
of the partners retiring; splendid opportunity.
Apply to NAGLE tc KAGLE, Attorney!.
<:'j Emma Spreckela building, 927 Market ti.
KIRST-CLA6S aaloon aafl beer agency for sale
U a flourlsolng coast city; low rent and long
Iea6e; requires about tiOOO; principal* only
•red errlr; reason* for Belling-, sickness,
wunder lirewing Co., fi. F.
FARTNTTR wanted In billiard parlor, barber
Ehop, stationery, notions, confectionery busi-
ness; thrlvinc country town. Address box
4!.C4_ Call ofCce.
12&00 — COAL and feed yard and express busi-
ness; 4 horses and E warons; good building-
llvSng-rooms; lour lease; excellent chtnee'
food location. 2S:5 Sixteenth st.
¦WELL establiahed grocery and bar: eplendld
cash bus! nee*; 4 living roomi; rant J20; thick-
ly settled. Quiet neighborhood; re&eon for eell-
Jng, sickness. 21J14 Eleventh st.
DRUG etore; one cf tha best paying businesses
in the city; leading thoroughfare; good stock-
rood prices : capital required {4000. For par-
ticulars box 2210. Call.
COUNTRY merchants tredlnr with Indians can
find a market for Indian baskets by address-
leg the Mexican and Indian Curio Co.. £15
Seventeenth et.. Denver. Colo.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location; place H entirely covered: contains t
rtalls: rent only J15; wster free. Inquire Wli.
HEXDKICKSON & CO.. C14 Call building.
PAPER route, Alameda: COO subscribers; price
ts:ao; rearfc-ln tlSO monthly. Address 518 East
Fourteenth et.. Oakland. •
A GOOD country bleckFnflth businesa for sale;
f owner retiring from businees. Address box
4C?i. Oali <-'f!ce.
RESTAURANT for sal»: central location: oc-
count eirkness. IX FOXTANA. 411 Pacific at.
TWO No. 1 patent rights < novelties) tor aale by
patentee. Room 15. SOS Sutter st.
ESTABLISHED bakery & restaurant: will aell
rcasonsbSe: account vlckneea. . 714 Valencia.
J400— CORNER grocery aad bar, with 4 living
rucrr.2. llll Howard st« comer Lancton.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
$2000— PARTNER want«d in old-established
business ; must have a knowledge of hard-
ware. Address box 4092. Call office.
RESTAURANT for aale; established 10 years;
will be sold at sacrifice. 1024 Hyde st.
COFFEE ana tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL St CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. £200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 10S«
Valencia et.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— 22-ROOM roomlng-houae; central $1000
11-room house; $300 down, balance easy.. 600
tO-room house; first class 1050
80-room house; all newly furnished 81X1
11-room house, $475: 6- room flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
A— SAY. FISHER & CO.. have you lodging-
houses? Yes. what price? $S00 up. any loca-
tion desired; l2~>ooms. $300; 10 rooms. $450: 10
rooms, new, $900, fine; 20 rooms, bargain, $750;
87 rooms, $2000, snap; all sizes, all prices, all
new bargains; call and see us. 1032 Market.
14 ROOMS; rent $22 $ iM
44 rooms; rent $70 1050
20 rooms; clears $75 month 1500
12 rooms; rent $40 300
SKIFF, 304 Montgomery at.
OVER 200 houses for sale; price, location. b!z«
and terms to suit you; call for list. M. GR1F-
FIN. 719 Market st.. room 1. by "Call" bldg.
HAVE a good ranch at Napa tck exchange for
a lodgtng-houEe. Addrees. Ranch, Box 19S0,
Call Office.
FOURTEEN well-furnished rooms; good tran-
eier.t; no agents. 8J6 Howard st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
eto.. cheap. EUAN Sc SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & 2d-h«nd wagons, buggies, carts & har-
n«w«, work Sc driving horses, loth & Valencia.
CA3IPAIGX PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF*Y of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you beocme diagusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 853-357 Tehama Bt.; tel. South 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson et.: tel. South 228: lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8tb at.; teL South 250.
CARPET8 cleaned at 8c per yard, laid at 4c
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter bt.;
tel. Main SS4. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor. !
CONKXJN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHinOPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, etc; absolute
cure; conrult'n free. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renownei
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty; drs. Sun.. Wed., Fri.
eve's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
E13 Eddy, bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. HARRISON, medium: circles Tuesday,
Thurs. and Sun. nights, 10c: read dally.' 858
Mission et.
MRS. STODDARD— Test circles Tuesday and
Thursday. 8 p. m,; 10c. 278 Ninth St.; sit-
tings daily.
MRS. Harland's circle to-night: prophetic tests
10c; business readings daily, $L 14S Sixth st.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth: 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister at., rm. 35; admission 10c.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night; convincing test
& p. m. Mrs. Maxwell, 123S Howard; read. dly.
MATCHETT holds circle to-night, 8 o'clock;
10c; test all. 132 Fourth; sittings daily. 50c
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer ano card reader. 132 Sixth st., room 1.
MRS. LESTER— Circle Sun., Tues., Fri. eves..
. 10c; readings dally; L- 25c. G. 50c. 127 Turk.
WATSON, famous palmist, medium; special
this week: full reading. 2oc & &0c. 1C81 Market.
MRE. SEAL, medium, cures the tobacco habit:
life readings and treatments dally. 325 Ellis.
WYLLIE, photo medium. 330 Ellla St.; last
week; come early; open Sunday.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
ness medium, life reader: sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. dally; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
1C pasrep. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or •wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody ; open
Sundays. 1167 Market st, bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant Sc card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 60c:
gents $1; palm. Sc clair, sit. $1 to. 126 Turk st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian rypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market.opp.
Cth: private readings dally 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
anteed' 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
liJIK. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth Ft., room 14.
NATIVE Sons and Daughters who want the
truth; special price, 25c and 60c. 19 Powell.
CLAIRVOYANT, test, business medium, card
reader. 25c up. 823 Mission st..nr.4th; no sign.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 11 6th; German spoken.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 2Sc 1149 Mission.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader
sittings dally. J12\j Sixth tt.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names gtven; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— Cradle to crave; future hus-
band'a picture. 2£c: ladles. 814 O'Farrell St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charce un^
less successful. Room 810. 927 Market St.
__ _ DENTISTS.
AT tbe ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket et.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
bave your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates cur specialty; gold crowna
$3 M up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to I
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P., Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with seme of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work: all
work warranted: plates, full set, $5: fillings,
tec; crown. $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 6th.
EIGHT prises for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; tady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
CROWN and bridgt work experts; our work is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest; call
and see our samples and get our prices before
rolng elsewhere; best of references: examina-
tion free. DRS. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns, $8 50;
bridgework. $5: all the latest methods for
painless dentistry ', hours, S a. m. to 8 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. O. O.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144J Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made — old platea made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting, JOc; gaa given.
DR. ALBERT HILL, 850 Market, cor. Stockton,
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
platea; lowest prices for the best work.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; painless extraction
60c. New York Dentists, S69 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 225 Kearny, cor, Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; eveninga and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of te*th without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNO. 1S41 Polk st. fa
DOG HOSPITALS. ,. ..
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine, 75o; city visits, $1 50; all
animate treated: docs boarded.- Tel. West <3«.
DR. Creely"s C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. ElOGoldenGate av.
DKESSMAKEKS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
E. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
Unery School ; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking, in Post, over O/Conaor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. .
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market at.; life
scholarship, $60; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
lust added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD' 8 Business Collega. 24 Post it., 8. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engl-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping: full course, $50; catalogue.
A NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.; registration,
Eept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
ecliool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come up and sea us. 805
Larkln st.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. In coll ere not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR. expert, accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. jvest. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 923" ¦¦ Market.
MUNSON School Shorthand, Typing, Bookpg,
Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, prln.
FRENCH students— 1 or 2 boarded: professor's
quiet family; ref. req. Maury. box 4067. Call.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Lelpslc; lessons 75c. 820 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin—
All branches; thorough: positions secured.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
desipning. carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Houeecleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks,
dishwashers. Est. 1S90. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
.UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 876.
ORPHBCM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Butter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office'—
Best help. C1V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
POSITION as nurse. Institution or hospital, by
experienced lady; would leave city. Box 4911,
Call office.
MOTHER and eon wish situations; mother a
first-class cook; aon. 25, to assist boarding-
house or Institution. Address SI Natoma at.,
room 22.
YOUNG woman, fine cook, wishes position;
cooking only; small family; understands all
kinds of cooking: neat and economical, $35 to
$40. Box 8309, Call .office. _^^
A YOUNG woman would like to get some kind
of store or factory work. Address F. C, box
3306, Call office.
WANTED— By young lady, position as com--
panion to elderly lady; city or Oakland. BCX
4C63. Call office. • i
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; f5c to $1 50 night, $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED MALE.
! RESPECTABLE young man wishes to hear of
a position of any kind; good reference. Box
4910, Call office.
A YOUNG man who neither drinks nor gam-
bles wishes a position as clerk In lodging-
house; guarantee satisfaction; wages no ob-
j Ject. Box 3321, Call office.
i A YOUNG man holding a civil engineering dl-
j ploma, who neither drinks nor gambles,
i wishes a position with wholesale house; will-
j Ing to do anything. : can furnish bonds to
$50,000. Box 3320. Call office.
WANTED— A position by a barber of 2 years'
experience; from the East. GEO. ASHEN-
DEN, general delivery, city.
$50— A COMPETENT up-to-date ranch, orchard
and vineyard superintendent; 40 years old.
married, highly recommended, will pay any
one $50 for procuring him a permanent posi-
tion at reasonable remuneration. Address
1 Box S314. Call office. •
SITUATION wanted as helper for a good coat-
maker; has 10 years' experience In pants
making, but wants to learn to make coats.
Address box 2021, Call office, Oakland.
SOBER, Industrious middle-aged man wishes
situation as gardener, carpenter, general
chore work: 3 years' experience as porter;
best references. Box 3316, Call office.
JAPANESE young man and wife wants place;
man to do cooklns and wife to wait at
table. Box 4&0S. Call Office.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
care of horses, buggies, cows, vegetables,
lawn flowers; in private family; very useful
and willing; references; city or country. Box
4050. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a position in ware or
store house; willing to work: can furnish ref-
erence. Address box 409S, Call office.
BAKER, bread and cakes; baker wants posi-
tion; day work desired. 313 Leavenworth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manas*<\ oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL,.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
SUNNY, desirable fiats; Oak and Laguna sts.;
7, 8 and 9 rooms; rent reasonable. Apply
MADISON Sc BURKE.
5 BOWIE ave.— Flat of 3 rooms; cheap rent.
2 UPPER flats; 4 rooms; large yard; stables,
wagOn sheds. 2 Hayward St., near Eighth.
19-SUNNY 3-room flat. 1S28 Jessie St., off Her-
mann, near Junction Market and Valencia.
FlIRXITUHE FOR. SALE.
PIANO. Singer machine, organ, folding bed,
range, other furniture. 8279 Mission St., near
Twenty-ninth.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No. 7
range: King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURMTUKE WANTED:
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market at.; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1805 Larkln; tel.Polk694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllverstein. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your aecond-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN Sz CO PhonTorant 185*
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, city. $20 and $25; waitresses for
Bakersfleld, Corning, Fresno, San Mateo,
Woodland. Redwood City, Ukiah. Martinez,
Colusa, Madera, Santa Barbara and Keswlck,
$20 and $25, many of them fare paid; 3 cham-
bermaids to wait. $20; 3 chambermaids. $16
and $17 60; woman cook, $30; fancy lroners.
.... .".".'.'.*.'.' 'family' "department' "'.*.*.'.'.''."
6 cooks, $30; 6 second girls,; 60 houseglrls;
ranch hands, and many others too numerous
to mention. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary at. .
WOMAN masseur and bath attendant for tha
SDrJngg. $25 and. found; call early. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOUSEKEEPER; large flrst-class hotel; $50
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. :
WANTED— A large number of girls to fill all
kinds of situations; too many to advertise
separately; work for all who want a situa-
tion and at good wagns. J. • F. • CROSETT
Agency 316 Sutter st. v,
6 PROTESTANT chambermaids; first-class city
hotel. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell; steady.
APPRENTICE on coats; paid while learning
H. DAVIS. 118 Russ st. . .
BOOKKEEPER and . typewriter , with • experi-
enoe; salary moderate; reference. .Box 3322,
IRONERS— Eureka laundry, 19 Colllng-wood
HELP \yANTEP— FKMALB. .
! GIRL for general housework, no cooking; must
be rood cook; no baking or pastry; small
; family; good wages; only thoroughly capable
1 girl. 1271 Clay st., near Jones. , -
• IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry,
• Sixteenth st.. near Valencia.
1 GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry, Six-
teenth St., near Valencia.
. GIRL for general housework; small family 1
- $15 to $20. Call 1833 Ellis st.
1 YOUNG woman, general housework. Apply *
; to 10 a. m. aoi Taylor st. ¦
WANTED— Competent crockery saleslady; glvo
reference and experience; good position to
right party. Box 8319, Call office. .
; GIRL wantedi for cooking and housework; small
family; references. 1S16 Baker st
• WANTED— Girl for general housework and
• cooking. Call 2243 Post St., bet. 1 and 3.
• WANTED— A »irl for general housework and
cooking; four in family; no washing. 1608
; Scott St.. near Sutter.
i EXPERIENCED waitress, also chambermaid,
wait 1 meal; boarding-house. 812 Eddy st.
YOUNG girl to mind children. 539 Hayes at.
. WANTED— Middle-aged woman for housework.
. 1623 Polk st. . ¦ '
WANTED— Girl to assist In light housework.
. Apply 605 Buchanan at. • ¦
YOUNG girl or woman to assist in housework;
good home. 312 Sanchez st.,"near Sixteenth.
' WOOLEN mill help wanted — Boss flnleher and
weavers on blankets: highest wages paid on
1 the coast; correspondence confidential. Apply
J. W. COLLINS, 7 and 9 Battery St.. city.
• A LADY of indomitable energy possessed of
self-assertion; gocd opportunity to right party.
F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott building.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and care of children; sleep home.
309 Twelfth at.
, WANTED— A woman of mature years to take
charge of small office. Box 3308, Call office.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers: also
girls to sew on buttons. NEWBAUER BROS.,
18 First st.
BRIGHT young girls to learn light trade; paid
while learning. KRAKER. 226 Bush st.
ACTIVE girls to learn fancy Ironing at 8T.
, NICHOLAS LAUNDRY, 17th and Folsom sts.
GIRL general housework washing; small fam-
lly adults; wages $15 to $18. 815 Scott at.
WANTED— German girl; plain cookingi ooun-
try; wages $20 per month. Box 8317, Call.
1 WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for quick work.
Aiply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave., between Seventh
and Eighth sts., off Foleom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
82% Fremont st.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
YOUNG lady to train for nurse; high school
, graduate. 1609 Jackson st.
WANTED— Vest operators and apprentices. 40
Ellis st.. room 41.
APPRENTICE In a beauty parlor. 6S2 Sutter
Etreet.
GIRL, 16 to IS, to look after 8-year-old child.
117A Bartlett st.
APPRENTICE wanted; book bindery. 636 Clay
street.
Al FINISHER on suits at M. SIMINOFF. 1228
Market st.
"WANTED — Women and clrls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2290 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at loss
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 GEARY ST.
500 Men for Railroad Work
200 teamsters. State of Nevada $2 a day
60 tearasterB. Monterey County $2 a day
60 laborers. Surf |2 a day
60 laborers, Truckee $190 a day
20 tunnelmen for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park, Los Angeles County, (2 to $2 50 a day;
fee $1; ship daily; free fare.
"Wanted — For new railroad work north, 50
laborers, woodchoppers and men handy with
an ax $2 a day
Fee $1 : Free fare
100 laborers and teamsters for new railroad
In Humboldt County. $2 a day. board $3 50
a week
60 rockmen, drillers and laborers for reser-
voir and water works in Napa Co., $3 a day,
board $3 50 a week; 20 laborers for smelter,
$2 a day; 6 Burlelgh drillers. $3 a day. 10
laborers and teamsters, near city, $2 a day:
stablemen, milkers, farmers, choremen and
others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
French chef, $100; 4 cooks country hotels, $40
to $60: 20 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $23
and $30; laundryman and wife, Institution,
$60; washer, institution, $30; laundryman,
country hotel, {35; nurse, Institution, $30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Experienced men to attend to horses
on transports to China, returning here In 80
days. Apply to C. R. HANSEN. 104 Geary st.
A— BLACKSMITH for R. R. camp.... ..$3 a day
Free fare. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary.
125 GERMANS' care of horses; $33 and found;
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary-
BARBER for first-class hotel open the year
round: only first-class barber with references
need apply Tuesday morning at C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary st. -
HOTEL clerk. $75; typewriter for hotel, $25
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
BUSINESS man who can take charge of cor-
responding, understands export, for whole-
Bale provision and commission house; must
havo experience In that line; $125 to start. C
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Qeary at
GARDENER for country hotel, $25 and found;
2 grooms, $25 and $30; driver for milk wagon,
$30; 2 milkers, $25 and $30; laundryman for in-
stitution, $40 and board: laundryman and
.wife for Institution, $60 and found; farmer and
wife, $50: gardener and wife, $60; 2 men for
vineyard and wine cellar; edger man; screw
turner, $3 day; setter for mill, $S day, and
other mechanics. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
628 Sacramento st.
COOK, wife and dishwasher for ccaintry hotel,
$100; cook and wife, $75; boarwdlng-house
cook, $45; restaurant cooks; 2 waiters, country
hotel, $30; dishwashers, potwashers and other
restaurant and hotel help. < J. F. CROSETT
Agency. 62S Sacramento at.
10 BOYS for box factory, $1 to $2 day, steady
Job and fare paid; 15 laborers for mill and
. woods, $25 and found and Increase, near city,
and fare also advanced; 20 laborers for rail-
road, free fare; 10 scraper team drivers. $1 BO
day and board, long Job, and many others.
J. F, CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacramento at.
FOREMAN for water Jacket ore furnace, $4 to
$4 50 day; 2 feeders for furnace, $3 day; S tap-
pers, $3 50 day; 10 laborers for furnace, $2 to
$2 40 day. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED
Driver for milk wagon,' $35 and found, must
have references ; 4 men for winery, $1 15 a
day and board; 4 laborers for around mine, $2
a day; vegetable gardener, $25 and found, fare
paid; dairyman on large ranch, $25; Swiss
milker, $30; 4 farmers, near city, $26; 60 R. R.
laborers, company work. $2 a day. free fare.
W. D. EWER Sc CO.. 610 Clay St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
tnent. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
DRAUGHTSMAN to work In a surveyor's
office. Apply, stating experience and inclos-
ing sample of lettering, etc., which will be
duly returned, to Draughtsman, box 4912, Cay.
WANTED— Strong young man, experienced In
handling coffee and filling orders In wholesale
grocery house; give reference and experience;
good position to right party. Box 3318. Call.
GOOD cook and dishwasher wanted; no Sun-
<ay work. J9 Market St. ¦'-¦•:
GOOD young- barber wanted. 1759 Union st.
CARPENTER wanted for planing mill. 709
Bryant st. : -¦
LUNCH waiter wanted. 223 Brannan st.
GOOD coatmakers wanted. 850 Market at..
rms. 3 and 4.
AN ELDERLY man to cook for 4 or 5 men;
wages $10 a month. 500 Halght st .
WANTED— Man for nursery work and florist
businesa. ,600 Halght St. ¦ - ¦'
WAITER wanted. 153 Third St.. :
WAITER wanted. 210 Townsend st. '¦> .
WANTED— A Pantryman. 613 Clay *L
GOOD dishwasher wanted; $fi a week. 631 Clay
street. ; / '
COOK wanted. ; 2249 Powell 8t. t . cor. Bay.
BOY who lives with his parents to work In a
bake shop. 612 Kearny at. , ; «. -
GOOD steady man to taka charge of skimming
station, near, city,,. Applr, 233 Seventh 8t.
HELP WANTED MALE.
, A— MURRAY~& READX\. ,7IT..Phone~MaIn 684S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
....WANT 7 A. M.. TUESDAY, SEPT. 11....
WE SHIP FREE WE SHIP FREE3
To all parts of California. Nevada, Utah and
other States and Territories
Los Angelea Santa Barbara District
Dunsmulr Redding Shasta
Fresno Truckee Districts
Reno, Nay Salt Lake City
| u rf Ban Luis Bakersfleld
Soda Springs and 53 other points, laborers,
teamsters, tunnelmen, eto., $3, $2 50, $2. $1 75
' day -~ A Free faro
Only $1 t eo ?1 fee on ly
MURRAY & READY,
; '••• ...634-636 Clay st.
A ±^ E GAVE EMPLOYMENT
YEAR 1897 to upwards of 17,000 men
••• 1893 19.000 men
••—•;• 1839 21,000 men
MURRAY ft READY. 634-638 Clay St.
•*•— FRUIT PICKERS... 365... FRUIT .PICKERS
"••••• MEN OR BOYS
; For fruit picking, work in packing and dry-
ing: houses, help ship fruit to California and
eastern markets and do any other work; at
least 8 months'. Jobs "...
Fare from $1; call early and go fruit pick-
ing; wages $30 per month and found; trusts,
banking- corporations, etc
MURRAY Sc READY.
634-636 Clay st.
A-WE pay your fares to sawmills, woods, ato. ;
886 man for all classes of work; laborers, etc.,
?£ «^P erlenc e required, you'll suit; wages $28,
.$30. $35. $40 and found; also B0 millmen, 60
woodsmen, shingle sawyers, snipers, line pull-
era, carriage setters, Jackscrewers, In fact,
we want every class of help for mills, woods,
Pjanlns mills, etc.. $1 25 to $40 and found:
864 tlemakers. woodchoppers. tools and pro-
visions furnished, $3. $2. $1 75, $1 cord, 12c and
13c each; some for gold mines
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St.
A— 45 LABORERS.. TO. .HELP CARPENTERS
Anybody will suit, $30. $35, $10 and found....
Come see MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
¦*•— ......IT'S BIG WAGES GETS GOOD HELP
15 laborers, Napa County, you'll suit, $40
and found; 50 laborers, Humboldt County. $60;
264 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, some In San Francisco, also In
factories, $2 50, $2, $1 75 day; 25 scraper team-
sters, north $40 and found
Loggers, crosscut sawyers, $45 and found;
swampers: 16 drillers, city Job; 12 hammer
men; brlcksetters, wheelers; edgerman. $3
day; 150 men to build a flume; hammer and
hatchet men, $40 and found; 5 men to coal
cart, $2 day; 50 men to pile lumber $60
TO MINE8
25 men as laborers for mines $34 and found
26 miners, single hand work, $75. $60; 136 farm
hands, steady Jobs, $35. $30. $26 and found;
26 milkers, butter makers, $30 and found; II
stablemen, city and country, $40, $30, $25 and
found; 3 farmers and wives; married furnace
man; 16 choremen and boys.... $25, $20. $15, $10
and found
10 vaqueros to break colts to saddle, $45 and
found, steady, good Job; 16 teamsters, road
work $32 50 and found
For all other Jobs come and see
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
A MECHANICAL HELP
6 carpenters, free fare $3 25 day
6 carpenters for ranches, etc, $40 and found;
brick mason. $4 day; 3 painters, house work,
$2 60 to $3 day, fare 70c; painter's helper; 12
blacksmiths and horscshoers; also helpers....
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay St.
A— HOTEL BAKERY BUTCHER
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Steward, country hotel, see bos9 here, $50
and found
28 cooks t $50, $60, $40, $30 and found
19 waiters $J5, $30. $25, $20 and found
82 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
12 bakers' assistants, $40, $35, $30 and found;
12 laundrymen, $40, $35, $30, $25 and found;
candy makers; porter help for Institution; gro-
cery '•lerk and drive
6 butchers $35, $30 and found
Pantrymen; Ice cream makers. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL — Stenographer and typewriter.
Government position
Stone mason $4 day
All-around butcher, country $50
2'walters for the mines $30 and found
Man to carry U. S. mall; 2 men to work In
wine cellar. MURRAY & READY, €34-636
Clay st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 922 Battery st.
SECOND cook. Hotel Colonial; $.".0 a month and
room. Corner Pine and Jones sts.
WAPIIKR wanted at United States Laundry,
Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
WANTED — Good pantry boy. Capital Restau-
rant, 206 McAllister st.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35: cltt-
eens of United States; of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read ana
write English; recruits are specially desired
for service In Philippines. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
BARBERS — 4-chalr shop and baths; fine loca-
tion; must sell Immediately; no reasonable
offer refused. Address box 3315. Call.
AN all around butcher for a first-class mar-
ket. Address 'WARREN LEWIS, Sta. C, P.O.
GROCERY clerk; city experience; delivery and
fill orders; salary S3. Box 4095, Call office.
WANTED— Bailsman ; furnishing goods dept.
Apply S. N. WOOD A CO.. 71S Market St.
FIVE first-class mill bench hands: one wood
turner. NIEHAUS BROS. CO.. West Berke-
ley Planing Mills.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable enercy and
push; good opportunity to right man. E.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— 6 Jewelers; steady work; no short
time. Apply, stating wages wanted and par-
ticulars. JOS. MAYER & BROS., Seattle.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood building.
ELDERLY man cook for boarding house. 323
Main st.
SIX pood teamsters; steady work. Apply to
J. O'SHEA. Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
WANTED— A first-class bread and cake baker;
references required. Apply 1217 Valencia at.
COATMAKER for country; good prices; sea
boss Wednesday morning. 127 Eddy st.
FOR aale — A S-chalr barber shop, on account of
going East. 14 Turk st.
LABORERS and* drillers wanted at 627 Four-
teenth St., near Guerrero.
"WANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20o. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of pood character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 6 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United Sta.tes cr per-
¦ sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak Ergllsh properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marina Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal., 530 K st.,
Sacramento. Cal., or 1058 J st., Fresno, Cal.
WANTED — For railroad construction In Hum-
boldt County, 100 men; wages $2 per day:
board $3 50 per week. Apply J. R. HANIFY
St CO.. 16 California st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks .required; positions guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
Moler's Barber College, 635 Clay st.
DENTIST— 1st class, good hablta & address, ta
take charge books & business of wide prac-
tice; large salary; security required. Oakland
Dental Co., 1065 Washington St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Laborers aad mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House^ proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third at.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BOY wanted. San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works, Seventh and Townsend sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to 60c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED-Stable attendants. Apply W. UP-
WARD. Baden, end of San Mateo elec. line.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
Barber College, 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands; I
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO.- D. CAMPBELL, lawver. 16
years' practice; Examiner building.
"WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus «nd baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c night; 75o to $2 per week.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
• 827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLK. Auctioneers.
FINE bay mare, top buggy and harness, suit-
able for family use, will be sold at a sacri-
fice. Inquire at Club Btables. Taylor St., nr.
Geary. ,-.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses: also
pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies; cheap.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard st.
" HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send. for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14,Montgomery.
2507 . HOWARD— House 10 rooms, bath, »laun-
- dry, range; large garden; rent $35.
HOUSE to let of 4 rooms and cellar: kitchen.
2303 Polk 8t.
POST, 2225, bet. -Scott and Devisadero— Modern
.house; large stable ; large , driveway. .
f 22 50— MODERN . house/ 7 rooms; large base-
ment. 367 Shotwell »t.;, near Eighteenth.
lost asp ForanT';
I LOST— A picture dressed as a chief of the Firs
Department, bet. California Hotel and the
Lick House, down Bush st. Leave at Call.
. LOST — On Fourth and Tehama ets.. ¦ Rlncon
badge 72. Pleasa return to 223 Fourth st.;
; reward. v. ¦¦
: LOST— In Golden Gate Park, lady's gold watch;
Initials B. S. on outside. Return to 1403
Ninth st.. Oakland; reward.
THE lady that lost a black cashmere shawl
on Market st. can find the same at 2420 Bu-
I chanan st.
LOST— English setter dog; black and white.
HUGHES, 147 New Montgomery; reward.
LOST— Bush, nr. Van Ness, purse; D. M. C
stamped In leather. 633 Market st.; reward.
1 LOST— Between cor. 22d & Mission and 24th and
Chattanooga, lady's open-faced sliver watch:
keepsake. Return 213 Chattanooga: reward.
LOST— Black and tan dog: name Zip; license
tag attached to collar; $10 reward. Dewey
House. 32 East St.
LOST— Diamond stud, valued as keepsake; Ub-
eral reward. 388S Twenty-third st.
LOST— Pug dog. black nose, collar with but-
tons on: name "Boots"; reward. 424 Mc-
Alllster st.
LO3T— Fine leather design case with photo-
graph3: reward. 475 Valencia st.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market sC— Reil-
able ladies' and gents' specialists; i2 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; !adies treated can return home the saiiie
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use it by di-
rections; perfectly harmless ; home for conQne-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladies' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention: consultation free and confidential.
416 Eddy st.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-r-nowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for yeara: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
u?ed at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023^ Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN,.well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; sofa and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 13 years' practice In S. F.; maternity
home; low fees. 1007V, Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL nervous and mental diseases cured; rest
and sleep assured; highest testimonials. F.
P. N.Van LandeKhem, D. P. L.. late of 6( E.
63d St., N. Y. City, rms. fi St 6; offlca hours
9 till 1 o'clock. 640 Golden Gate ava.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Eant-
tarlum. 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable apeciallst; ti yrs.'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office, $3; any ailment; consultation free; oon-
fidentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
STRICTLY private and secluded residence,
away from the public gaze, for the treatment
of women; confinement cases taken. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
A — NEW process; every woman her own phy-
sician: no medicine or pills used; practical
physician 37 yrs. Dr. POPPER. 818 Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1033 Market-Ladles* speclal-
lst: home In confinement: safe and reliable,
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats ill dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAX. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always ;
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
STRANOER3 visiting this city will find It to
their advantage to call at UXCLE HARRIS',
" 15 Grant ave., and inspect his large stock of
diamonds, watches, sealskins, musical in-
struments, shotguns, opera and field glasses
and other goods too numerous to mention,
which he sells at one-half of original cost.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Co., situated In Nevada
County. 15 miles north of Auburn; 3 patented
claims; 8-stamp quarts mill; ditch and hoist-
Ing works complete. For further particulars
inquire of A. MEISTER. 914 Ninth St.. Sac-
ramento, Cal.
DOMESTIC sewing machine. T drawers; almost
new; cheap. 1915 Mission at., near Fifteenth.
FOX terrier pups for sale, cheap. S73 Chestnut
Street.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WH1TELAW. 216 Spear at.
3 H.-P. 2nd-hand steam engine and boiler; also
for gasoline, 6, 4, 3 and 14 h.-p. each; first-
class; bargains. EPSTEIN, 533 Mission st.
STEEL tanks, all sizes; suitable for water or
oil: cheap; all shapes: second hand. II. S.
WHITE. 616 Mission st
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Plna.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 3 drill
air compressor. JARDINE3. 220 Fremont st.
FOUR-room cottage^ to be moved. 2413 Har-
rison St., between Twentieth and Twenty-first.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER^
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
FIREPROOF safe for aale cheap. 42 Main st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; M hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD Sz BRECK. HI Post at.
FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 60. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stktn.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and firs and burglar
proof safe. 21« California at.
JD-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROQH Mfg. Co.
EDISON concert phonopraph; reduced price,
$75; concert records, $1 60. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second hand; all iliea. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109*111 Market St.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AN Oliver typewriter wanted; state price. Ad-
dress box 40S3. Call office.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman, 934 Folsom; teL Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
a-brac and books. 100 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 141.
IF you wish full value foe your cast-oft clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
MOMJY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d morT
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
whtre. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery,- r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
eecond mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN* & OLSEN. '
HIGHLY respectable private placte. to obtain
. liberal advances' on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal* oulck
rVl S e l. m ? ney dlrect : lowest interest. Rooms
6S ar.d 6?. Donohoe building. 1170 Market at.
ON real estate, 1st and 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount-
lewest rate. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.'
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest Price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny st., room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent in sums to suit Jn cltr-
also $130,000 on large ranches; also on' seS
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine
A^iT amount °y Private party on furniture and
wwSttt* wi m T Val: low rat": confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
M H N w Y Ioa " ed ,« al »rled people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
° N »n f Hl? Uure .,, and Pj anos . no removal; confl-
aentlal; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 ParroU big.
H f nKS 117 ',!? 0 Market «*•• 90lves a » 5»5 Of
financial problems; 2d mortgages. estaUs. etc.
° N^ Ur ? U ? re ' P tanoa: 3 P* r c '"t Per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy st.
C u^n 1Cane v,X°T,? alarled P^P' 6 on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
°™i f . U r iltur< !i P Ian ° 3 - without removal: no eom-
mlsslon; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
T 9«r« lar i ed i.. p ?2 ple w|th °ut collateral or ln-
aorser.a F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan We.
-¦¦--¦-...
\ - -
.MUSICAL IXSTHCMEXT9.
> NO one contem plating the purchase- of a piano.
> now or in the near future, can afford to buy
until our large assortment of Deckers cr
Packards has been examined. We are quot-
1 Ing prices and terms more reasonable than
! ever before offered on first-class goods. The
ZENO MAUVAI9 Music Co.. 763 Market at.
i S CARLOADS of Decker & Son baby grands
' and uprights and Arlington uprights Just ar-
rived and will be unloaded Tuesday. Ther»
[ are many styles to select from and those par-
ties who are waiting for them can get "tirst
choice" If they come early. We have a few
good second-hand uprights left. MAUv AI3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
i ANNOUNCEMENT— We have consolidated the
San Francisco Music Company. 225 Sutter St.,
with our O'Farrell-st. business, and now
show more goods in all lines than any oth»r
house on the coast. Six floors of music and
musical goods; pianos in endless variety and
prices ranging from $75 to $300. Imperial
Symphonion Music Boxes, Guitars. Violins.
Mandolins. Strings. Trimmings, Sheet Music,
etc.; enormous stock; lowest prices; cash cr
installments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. IS.
18 and SO O'Farrell St.; Chlckerlng agency.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-i
changing for a STEINWAY any time within,
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every grade to select from;
beautiful new uprights IS cash. Si per month;
some good pianos for J3, $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thlr-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION! THE ~~
BYRON MAl'ZT PIANO FACTORY
Is now open for inspection. Special recepttoa
Tuesday. Visitors welcome.
SEE A PIANO MADE.
Have your old piano done over. Look in our
window and see the JCCCO gold nugget. Thei
triumph of piano-makers' art. S08-S1U-312 Post
street.
SOHMER AGENCY.
AT a discount, to establish our new location.
we will give 10 per cent off on pianoa: *om»
second-hand bargains; 3 Heine uprights, $327;
2 Steinways, $135: 1 Chickeriner, *:«; 1 Ma-
son & Hamlln, $300, and 50 other barsraina:
Hallett & Davis and 20 other makrs. IIKINE3
PIANO CO., 217 Geary at., near City of 1'arls.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houss
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28
23 and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing; possible- done- u> pleasa and satisfy ta«
customer.
A FEW of our bargains this weak. A fins
Steinway. used short time: an elsarant uptight
three-pedal up to date piano. $170. Some ex-
tra good bargains In Hardmans. Dewlne
Bros. Chase Bros. THE J. DEWINO CO..
second floor. Flood building.
A CARLOAD fine naw pianos Just stored with
us, from Eastern factory at factory prices
(and freight), cash or installments; special for
N. S. Q. W. WILSON Storage. 1710 Market tt.
VIOLIN strings: never wet; best in tha world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 4X1 Qeary st.
A FORCED aal» of a fine upright piano. Room
21. Flood building. ;
8-PEDAL Btelnway; perfect order, $1T5.
KEEFFgS. 933 Market at., bet. 6th and »th.
GENTLEMAN leaving city will aacrlfloa ale-
gant upright grand piano. 834 Goldea Gate av.
BE In tha swim; rent a new piano for J3 par
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 663 Hayes at.
THE WILKY B. ALLEN CO.. *14 Post at..
Hardman, Conover and other ptanoa.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: Installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.
W. G. BADGER. 413 Sacramento at., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett St Davta pianoa.
8UPERIOR violins, xlthers, ol<5 and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac«.
REDUCTION sale: new pianoa; 13 payments;
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 2CS Post st.
OFFICES AND STOIIES TO I.CT.
EMMA SPRECKEL3 building. 827 Market-
Offices, light and sunny. $15 to $20 per month;
light, heat. Janitor and use of tel. Included.
TO rent— Modern store: w>U lighted; 25x140;
rent reasonable. 328 Hayes at.
PALMISTRY.
NEEROAARD. president of St. Germain Col-
lege of Palmistry, reads from 1 to 8. 615
Geary at. : also by mall.
~ PERSONAL^.
AS the day Is different from, the night so Is
The Star Hair Remedy different from other
tonics & restorers. It is reliable & may be de-
pended upon to restore gray and faded hair ta
natural color; cure dandruff & Itching scalp,
stop falling, grow new hair: not a dye: no
discoloration of the scalp- or linen: sold by
hairdressers and druggists. THB BTAIi
REMEDY CO.. San Francisco.
JTJLIAKISM.
Scientific Healing.
513 Golden Gate ave.
THB HUDSON RIVER CO.. HQpKB BROS .
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated: honest work guaranteed:
prices defy competition; fine upholstery: phon»
6309: factory, S13 and K0 Eleventh St.: first-
class cleanlns and dyeing. 123 O'Farrell. near
Powell. San Franclaco.
WHY SUFFER? ' '¦¦'"
Persons afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how long standing), or any other chronte
disease, should call at once at the SAN3
SOUCI 1409 Van Ness ave.— the up-to-date In-
stitution for treatment. We havo 25 years*
experience. Chargea reasonable.
BOV TON halrdresslng parlors; nicest placa In
town; open all day Monday and Tuesday;
small prices. 824 Post at., opp. Union aquar*.
ELECTRIC lights In avery room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $8 per week;
frea 'bus and baggage to and from th« ferry.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years" experience. J. B. RAY, 337 Jessie it.
LED HIRER'S Qulntonlca Hair Tonic beautifies)
and softens the hair; 83c bot.; try It.
SUITS to order on Installments; $13 upward;
$1 a week. LEON LBMO3, 1117 Market st.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
PILES — SCO permanent cures In Ban Vranoiaoo.
who can ba seen; no operation; no pain: par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 19:3, Call.
A BOY or girl baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE, 1413 Eighth at-, Alameda.
LEDERER sells more switches than any other
house. Why? Price Is rijht; $1 up.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., 1(44 Mkt.. under St. Nloholas Hotel.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's curling fluid; 2So a bottle; drarxlsts.
G. LEDERER'S popular halrdresstng parlors;
open all day Monday and Tuesday. 123 Stock-
ton st.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curies, all descriptions. 82S Dupont st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1. at all druggists..
CAST-OFF clothln*. old gold and sliver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. SOS Kearny st.
I'll YSICjAXS AX P 8CBGEOS3.
DR. J. H. REEVE, 28*» Kearny. cures by elec-
tricity. Nervous Prostration, Insomnia, Asth-
ma. Rheumatism. Paralysis. Catarrh. Con-
sumption. Kidney and Inflammatory cases;
diseases diagnosed.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALeI
cSeanInvestments.
at a. m. speck & co's, 667 market st.
J200.0CO— Pays 5 per cent net. near Chronicle.
$175,000 — Pays 6 per cent net: Market St.; ona
tenant.
$100,000— Pays 5 per cent; Market at.; always
rented, .
$30,000— Pays 7 per cent; f«w blocks from
Chronicle.
$40.000— Pays $370: grand corner: all rented.
$42,500 — Pays 8 per cent net; grand corner; one
tenant, lease 5 years. «•
000— Rents $252; new Improvements.
$2C,c,00— Grand stare property: 70-foot front;
rents $200 a month: all rented.
An offer wanted for elegant lS-room residence:
cost $30,OCO; will sell for half cost;
No. 1362 Post st.
$17,500— Grand investment; 40 ft. front-near
Van Ness ave. and McAllister St.;
rents $143.
$15,500— Rents S14.V. new Improvements.
. U0.0CO— Elegant fiats, not far from \ an New
i $W,CCO— Store property on Fourth st; ona
Must sell— Two fine flats; 8 Hyde St.. near City
; * Hall: rents J75.
$3, CCO— Store property, on Ninth St.. near Mar-
ket: very chea?-
$S,0CO— Rents $70: new flat3 near Van Ness
avenue.
$4,600 — Four elegant flats of. four rooms each;
. rents $40.
J3.K0— Mission flats; rents $310 annually;
npar Twenty-fourth st.
'. $2,500 — Store and flat, near Union Iron Works;
rents ?22.
• $2,250— Coxy 5-room cottag* on Castro st.
! A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
• FOR sale cheap: business property on Howant
1 st.. between Fourth and Fifth. Apply BEW
DRUG CO.. Alameda.
; BUSH. 235— Nice, large residence: could b*
turned Into flats: very sunny; 3^x137:6; call.
• MODERN houses built :lowest prices :plans am!
estlmra?es furnished. Campbell, 1147 Mission.
• MISSION cottage: « rooms and bath; largo lot;
terms to »ult buyer, . Owner 413 Kearny et,
"¦ '¦---¦¦. BSBsttsBsS&Ct'JgiIn their second innings the Burns Valley
Club scored as follows: T. W. Beakbane, c.
Jones, b. Sloman. 13; C. l». Enderly. not out.
44; W. 8. Dayton, c. Seebeck. b. • Reynolds. 4;
E. E. Gray. et. Seebeck, b. Sloman. 4; H. V.
Keeling. J. b. w.. b. Croll.- 16; total for 4
wickets. 92.
Jones, 13; E. G. Sloman, b. Enderly, 6; C. P.
Coles, c. Beakbane, b. Jones, 8; F. Croll. c.
O. Hlldebrand, b. Webber, 8: A. G. Reynolds,
b. Jones, 0; J. Myers, 1. b. w., b. Webber 10;
V. Seebeck, c. Keeling, b. Jones, 0; A. W.
Wilding, b. Jones. 0; W. G. Fortmann b.
Webber. 4; H. C. Casldy. b. Jones. 2; A. Jones,
not out. 0; extras. 2; total, S3. Webber bowled
87 balls for 27 runs and 3 wickets; Enderly
bowled 20 balls for 11 runs and 1 wicket: Keel-
Ing bowled 12 balls for 3 runs and Jones 42
balls for 10 runs and 6 wickets.
An -English expert declares that he
knows. of at least 600 counterfeits of the
old masters .which are ¦ now hanging in
the private galleries of* the United States,
and all of which. were originally purchased
in Europe at verjj high prices.*
Old Masters Much Counterfeited.
The team of San Francisco cricketers
that is visiting Lake County played Its
first match at Lower Lake on Sunday
against the Burns Valley Club. The home
team won by 29 runs on the first innings.
The scores were as follows:
" Burns Valley— H. V. Keeling, b. Casldy, 4;
C. L. Enderly, b. Casldy, 0; W. S. "Bay ton, -W.
Myers, b. Croll. 4: C. M. Hammond, b. Croll,
1- T. 'W. Beakbane, hit wicket, b. Seebeck. 9;
G. L. Hlldebrand, c. Wilding, b. Casldy, 0;
O Jones, b. Casldy, 8; W. O. Edmonds, . b.
Croll 2; E. E. Gray, c. and b. Casldy. 27; R.
Beale c. Casldy. b. Sebeck, 0; G.R. Webber,
not out, 15: extras, .13; total, 82. Casldy bowled
70 balls for 30 runa and 5 wickets; Croll 43 for
222 runs and 3 wickets and Seebeck 24 balls for
18 runs and 2 wickets.
Ean j Francisco— R. B. . Hosue, I. b. w., b.
City Cricketers in Lake.
Lady Gwendolln Cecil, the unmarried
daughter who now presides over the
household of Lord Salisbury, the British
Premier. Is esteemed as one of the fore
most of Enelish mathematicians. A sin
gularly gifted. family are the Cecils. The
marquis himself is a" most accomplished
electrician ar.d chemist, and besides has
worked for an income as subeditor. Lord
Cecil, one of his sons, is 1 counted among
thn best read political writers and work
ers in the islands.
Salisbury's Talented Daughter.
DEL MONTE, Sept. 10.— The tennis
tournament for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship, In doubles, commenced this
morning and th« winners are narrowed
down to the Whitney brothers and the
winners of the Code and Beaver and
Welhe and Adams matches.
George and Robert Whitney defeated
H H Haight and P. Murdock In the semi
finals In clever style. 6-3, 6—2. 6—2. Haight
and Murdock put up a good game, but
the drives by the Whltneys were too
strong for them. Adams and Weihe de
feated Harper brothers of Pacific Grove.
Adams and Weihe play J. A. Code and
Fred Beaver to-morrow and the winners
play In the finals against G. and R. Whit
ney. . The summary: ¦
Collier and Crowell beat Stewart and Mc-
Farlane. 6-4. 6-1, 6-2. .
Haight and Murdock beat Fatjo and Warbur
ton 6-4, G-2, 1-6, 6-4.
Whitney brothers beat Collier and Crowell.
6-0 6-2. 6-1.
Code and Beaver beat Talbot and Roth, 6-2.
8-6, 11-9. 7-5. ¦¦¦>¦'.
Adams and "Welhe beat Harper brothers, 6-4,
6-2, 6-3. '-.; :.
to Be Played To-Day.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
Finals in the Doubles Cnampionship
TENNIS AT BEL MONTE.
Special Holiday Stake for To-T>ay.
Besult of Draw for Midweek
Event.
There will be a -special holiday stake of
sixty-four dogs run off at Union Park to
day, the draw for which took place at the
grounds on Sunday last. Trains will leave
for the park at 10:15 and 11:30 a. m. and 1
p. m.
The regular midweek stake was drawn
for at Pythian Castle last night and will
be decided to-morrow. Tho draw resulted
as follows: 1582^
Storm. King vs. America: Archlles vs. Ruby
Rocket: Rose Attwood vs. Bald Eagle; Tic Tao
vs. .Rapid Addition; Baron Blood vs. Night
Time; Scottish Chief vs. Swedish; Master Bly
vs Gold Dollar; Garden City vs. Delia M; Go
On vs. Reaching After; Tlllle S vs. Shootover;
Belle of Llndsey vs. Bowery Boy; Master Dav
er.port vs. LTundin Links; Moonbrlght vs. Amer
lcus; Belle Rocket vs. Krln's Hope; Amarosa,
vs. Falrmount Boy; Daisy Dale vs. Real Ar
ticle; Bad Boy vs. Hard Lines; Uncle Ned vs.'
Veto; Southern Girl vs. Terronette; Whisky
Hill vs. Master Workman; Sweet Paverdale vs.
Blacklock; Early Dawn vs. Wag; Banner
Bright vs. Village Belle; Cash Day vs. Craig
Boy; Liberator vs. Wild Tralee; St. Helen vs.
Martha Washington: Bonaparte vs. Nightin
gale ¦ Homeward Bound vs. Royal Alameda;
Alameda Lad vs. Flying Daisy; Gipsy Queen
vs. ElCapltan.
FAST HOUNDS WILL
RUN AT UNION PARK
Says He Hopes for the Establishment,
Even Though in the Distant Fu
ture, of Universal Peace.
THE HAGUE. Sept. 10.— Replying to the
telegraphic message forwarded to the
Czar on September 4, on the occasion of
placing in the Foreign Office archives the
ratifications of the agreements and
treaties resulting from' the peace confer
ence, his Majesty, after expressing- his
sincere thanks, concludes:
"God grant that the labors in which
these gentlemen have taken such active
fiart may serve as the basis for the estab-
Ishment, even though in the distant fu
ture, of universal peace, which ia the goal
of Christian civilization."
CZAR'S SENTIMENTS
ON PEACE CONFERENCE
Thomas W.. Kathertne A., Christopher C. and
Lily A. Rivers to Christine O. Zwick (wife of
H.). lot on S line of Twenty-fifth street, S1:S&
E of Sanchez. E 20:U4 by S 87:I J ,s; $10.
John and Klla Anderson to Jonathan Ander
son, lot on N line of Day street, 180 W of San-
Chez, W 25 by N 114; also lot on N line of
Jersey street. 160 AV of Noe, W 20 by N 114;
also lot on N line of Jersey street, 225 W of
Voe W 25 by N 114: also lot on N line of Jer
sey street. 275 W of Douglass. W 75 by N 114;
also lot on N line of Elizabeth street, 375 W of
Douglass. W 25 by N 114, lot 117, lleyman
Tract; $10.
Grace D. Selfrled to Elizabeth E. Moltoza
(Emorle) (and as executrix of estate of H. F.
Emerlc), lot on E line of Front street, 23:8 S
of Washington, S 111:10 by E 120; $4000.
Susan . M. Blummbprg (widow) to Samuel P.
Blumenberg, lot on E line of St. Marys street,
4S N of Pine. N 1 24 by E 57:6; $2.
Catherine Short. Catherine Short Kennedy
(wife of "VV. J. Short), John Jr., "William F.
and Edward J. or Edward N. Short. Emma' J.
Knox (Perrault) (wife of William M.) to Chris
ten Nelson, lot on S line- of Clay street, 80 W of
Hyde.'W 18:9 by S 71:3; 110.
Clay r street, 98:9 W of Hyde,' W 18:9 by S 71:3;
|10.
Bridget Hussy (wife of Lawrence) to Gulseppe
Roval, lot on NW line of Perry street. 300 NE
of Fifth. NE 25 by NW 75; tlOO.
David and Selina E. Lewis to Annie P. Jones.
lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 200 N of I
Etreet, N 25 by W 120: $10.
John Andrews Jones Estate Company to Ellas
Jacob. lot on W line of Forty-eighth avenue.
200 S of I street. B 25 by W 120; $10.
Nora Paly to John B. and Margaret Callteux,
lot on E line of Goettingen street, 175 N of
Barrows, N 25 by E 120. lot 10, block 18, Rall
raid-avenue Homestead Association: $100.
Hayes C. and Rose M. French to Olive Ver
kouteren, lot on K line of Delaware street, 1W)
N of Woolsey, N 100 by E 120, lot 6. block 171,
University Extension Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
R. J. McMullen and W. C. Moody < trustees
Frederick T. Johnson) to State Savings Bank,
731 D. 228, lot on S line of Seventh street or
Railroad avenue, 108:3 E of Union street, E 23,
S 131:10H. W 133:3, N 25, E. 108:3, N lC!?:?^. to
beginning, being lots 17 and 22. block 4S9, Briggj
Tract, Map 2, trustees' deed, Oakland; $500.
State Savings Bank to Fortunato Pezzolo,
same. Oakland; $10.
Louisa Fromme to Anna H. Sllva, lot on S
corner of East Twenty-fourth street and Elev
enth avenue, SW 50 by SE 100. block 142, Clin
ton. East Oakland; also lots 68 and 59 on map
of Henry and Phillips Tract, being a subdi
vision of lots 1 to 6, 27 to 33, of the Bray prop
erty, auitclalm deed, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Adolph H. Bauerle to same, same (2 pieces),
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Jane and Lawrence O'Neill to Patrick J.
Keegan, lot on W line of Sixth street, 100 N
of Channlng way, N 152 by \V 136, being lots
12, 13 and 14, block 126, on corrected map Ray
mond Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Jose S. and Barbara F, Bello to Joso de Frel
tas Santos, lot. on NW corner of Bristol and
Fifth streets, W 50 by N 100, being lot 10, block
74, Tract B, Berkeley Land an8 Town Improve
ment Association, Berkeley: $10.
Louisa Fromme to Anna H. Sllva, lgt on 8
line of Moss avenue, 80 W of Plymouth street,
W 80. S 132.38, E 80, N 133.57, to beginning, be
ing lots 16 and 17, block H, amended map Moss
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Pauline Schwegerle to Jay C. Deuel, lot on
N line of Santa Clara, avenue. 100 E of Fifth
street, E 50 by N 150, being portion of lot 8
on map of lands Teutonla Park and Homestead
Association, Alameda; $10.
James Stanley to Livermore Water and Power
Company, all water rights, rights of way and
property interests of every kind in Alameda
County conveyed by Charles L, McCoy by deed
of June 29. 1896; SI.
John D. and Ida C. Fredrlckson to William
H. Smith, lot on E line of Filbert street, 150:10
S of Twenty-first. S 80 by E 125. block 614.
Oakland; $10. —
Henry Cruz or Cruse to Mary F. and Vir
ginia Cruz and Emma Cruz, lot «n W line of
Hollls street. 110:10 N from NW line of Per
alta street. N 25 by W 133, being subdivision
D in lot 11. block 791, Watts Tract, map 2.
Oakland; $10.
Carrie L. and William E. Miles to H. C.
Bush, lot on NE corner of Union and Four
teenth streets, E 45 by N 105. block ES6, Oak
land; $10.
Maria G. Walker to Mary K. Walker, lot on
SE line of Claremont avenue, 44:9 SW of Sum
mer street, SW 50, SE 100, NE 64, NW 100 to be
ginning, portion lots 14 and 15, block A, Ver
non Park, Oakland; $1000.
H. C. and Mary E. Morris to Victor J. and
George J. Marshall, lot 7, block 5, Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.,
Builders' Contracts.
Charles W. Slack (owner) with James &
William Shepard (contractors), architect Na
thaniel Blalsdell— Plumbing, gas fitting, tiling
and sewering for a two-story, basement and
attic frame building on N line of Sacramento
street. 88:9 E of Buchanan, E 30 by N 127:8Vi;
$1299.
Hersaglleri Building and Hall Association
(owners) with B. Becaas (contractor), archi
tect A. J. Barnett— Alterations and additions
to a building on the SW corner of Union and
Stockton streets,"- known, as Bersagllerl Hall;
$3000. . |
Mary H.I and Walter M. Rose (owners) with
Cotter & Jones (contractors)— All work for a
two-story and basement frame building on the
N line of Pacific avenue. 148:9 W of Central
avenue, N 17:1%. SW to Pacific avenue, E to
beginning, Western Addition; $3DC0.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
GRAND HOTEL.
N Blaekstock, Ventura
Mrs J D Lane, N Y
N E Carroll, Chicago
Mrs Allen, Stockton
T L Reed, Reedley
G V Reed. Vlsalia
13 L Reed, Reedley
D C Mitchell & w, Cal
G F Pardall, Pasadena
J R Holt & w. Redding
A M Zannetti, S Juan
B T Kirk & w. S Jose
T .S Johnston, S Dle^o
H L Little S Barbara
W B Lyon & w, L Ang
A Vale. Germany
C H Nlelson, Vacaville
T D Blodgett, Tulare
W Blodgett, Lodl
J N Sergus & w, Cal
Dr W F Ward, Sacto
Miss E Kirk, San Jose
Miss Edith Kirk.S Jose
Mi."=s M Guerraz.S Jose
J M Mann. Portland
W Pike, Fresno
P L Young. Humboldt
D Falconer, Colfax
Mrs W n Langdon. Cal
Miss Dorsey, Stockton
B Neustater, Concord
E H Bailey. R Bluff
J B c;hinn. Portervilla
L A Seltzer, San Jose
T J Barton, Yreka
Mrs S F Powers, hie
J S Goodman, You Bet
L A June, X Orleans
L K Jung, N Orleans
F A Brown & w, L A
E Relchman, Ft Jones
A Johnson & w, Cal
F H Powell. Chicago
U A Van Dyke, 111
T L Dowell, Springfield
G Cretors, Springfield
E E Watts, Springfield
Mrs A McCormack.Cal
Miss Minor, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL
Charles Weir Los Ang
Dr T C Stockton Sn U
E Rous*ln Bakprsfleld
H J Carlton Arizona
W F Grand Jr -»rlz
L Campbell Stoolcton
J Tt Chase San Jos&
I W Patton USA
F L Pearl Salt I.ake
G B C.Ehan Frrsno
G A Benzol StoClfton
Jas Dlaman'l Los Ans
J M Cudahy Chicago
S B Huzzo Chicnso
L J Lalane & w M*»x
V.' M Lluliixra Los A
R R Allen King Cit;'
C Stein Chlcaa-o
Theo Flsh;r .Spokane
J R hall As w Ke:ldii«
R R amiih Mew Yoik
R W Thomosoi StnM
J E White Stanford
J C Murvhy & w Chrj
J C McMillan N y
J R Carter * w S P
C G Jeoion" I-oa Ang
L D Lockwood Cal
E L Corbin San lose
L S Day San Joso
S B Devir.e Kaas City
J Hockheimer Cp.l
F W" V.'eatlake Cai
J S King Sacramento
E B Stone Sacramento
W Tinker St J.ouU
D Newmark tSt Louis
Alva Gates Marya.-iUe
K Kraus San Jos*;
J W Scrlbn^r Oak. and
R W Lomax London
W Litzen Butto
J Ruben Portland
J "J Durham lioaton
T L Llllls St Joseph
J A Ashley & w l-*>s A
Mrs J It Chase San J
Cr W Armsby & w Cal
Miss Wood San Ma'teo
L S Levy & w Fresno
W J v.iicy S F
A M Cohen Alamoda
Mrs Lansins Alameda
T J Field Mont?roy
A II Mowat Fresno
Miss J Sortman Cal
J r> A Smith & w Ariz
F W Wood Ohio
D Schwab NY
J Wolfskin & w Los A
J H Ailing- Los An*
P M Baumgarrtner NY
W Grace Sierra City
Mrs K L Casslty Cal
II W Barton Pasadena
J M Lane Jr Woodside
H G Ilundum Los A
Mrs Hendrickson Cal
F D Chamberlain Chg
J H Clark Colorado
H C Rowbottom Phil
G H Gubbins Chg
O P Posey Los A
O E Weller Boston
J A Cocam & son Mas
J A Cocam & w Mont
F Goce & w China
Mr & Mrs Gaine Ens
Miss Galne London
D Sinclair London
H Howell New York
L Lahalse Sonora
K G Manaase & w Cal
Don Ray Gait
W Krohn Chicago
AV H Taylor & w Cal
II II Henderson Cal
A L Flek & w Cal
Miss N Nelson Cal
A C Eaton San Jose
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
' President and Mrs. McKinley's present
to the bride Is a brightly polished quarter
oak chest with silver mountings, filled
with magnificent table silver, including
everything that Mr. and Mrs. Baer wiil
need in the way of spoons, forks, knives,
carvers and oft pieces, during their lives.
The plate on top of the chest bears the
following Inscription:
"From Uncle William and Aunt Ida,
September 12. 1900."
Other presents received by the bride in
clude a generous supply of brilliant Jew
els, a bewildering assortment in silver and
cut-glass tableware, chinaware, table
linen, paintings, engravings and numerous
other articles of household, and personal
adornment.
Stops were also made en route at Han
cock, Meyersdale, Rockwood and Martlns
burg, where the President- shook hands
with as many of the assembled guests as
he could reach during the few moments
the stops were made.
President and Mrs. McKinley and Mrs.
Catherine Matthews were upon their ar
rival driven at once to Abner McKinley's
home.
"My fellow-citizens: I assure you that
this la very unexpected by me. I had no
idea that so many of my fellow-citizens
of Cumberland would assemble here to
give such cordial greetings in the moment
that I stop with them. I am glad to know
that no matter what be our politics we
are all for the United States — all for the
dear flag where it floats, and determined,
the North and the South, to stand by the
brave soldiers and sailors who are main
taining our standard in our distant ter
ritory and giving shelter and protection
to American citizens in China, I thank
you once again for this generous greet
ing."
A great and altogether unexpected dem
onstration greeted President McKinley
upon his arrival at Cumberland this after
noon. Although it was generally known
that his train would make but a short
stop, an immense crowd was at the sta
tion. He Intended to mane no speeches
on the journey to Somerset, but the gath
ering was so enthusiastic that after re
peated calls he linally responded as fol
lows:
Tho Presldental party was met at the
Somerset station by Mr. . and Mrs. Mc-
Kinley and Dr. Herminus L. Baer, the
groom. A shout went up from the assem
bled crowd as Mr. and Mrs. McKinley
made their appearance on the platform of
the rear coach and descended the car
steps. The President and Mrs. McKinley
bowe<J their acknowledgments. President
McKinley looked to be in unusually good
health. It was announced that the Presi
dent would devote hia time ; to absolute
rest while here. .• '? ;!
SOMERSET, Pa., Sept. 10.— The Presi
dent and party arrived here over the Bal
timore and Ohio Railroad at 5:30 o'clock
this afternoon to be present at "the wed
ding of Miss Mabel McKinley, the Presi
dent's niece, and Dr. Herminus L. Baer
on Wednesday. The party were: Mr. and
Mrs. McKinley, Mrs. Catherine Matthews
of Washington (sister of Mrs. Abner Mc-
Kinley), Secretary to the President G. B.
Cortelyou. Dr. P. M. Rixey (medical in
spector of the navy and the President's
physician), and two stenographers.
Had Intended Making No Speeches
En Route, but Was Forced to
Yield' to the Demand of an
Admiring Multitude.
Mr. and Mrs. McKinley Jour
ney to Attend the Wed
ding of Their Niece.
GREETING TO
THE PRESIDENT
IN PENNSYLVANIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1900.
11
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -
srrjNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8.
SO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
RAILROAD TRAVEL. «
nwvtiikkm ruiFic ionriNi.
(pACirii: NYMTICM.)
Train* l«i««r uuil »i-e >!••«• la* itrrlf* mt
* % > rKA!«CIMC«.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
L*atb _ FnoM September 1J. 1300. — *riut«.
•!:<>« a BrnicU. Hiilanii. Clmira. VaeaviUe.
KllD!S'7 uul -i:irriinrtif'» *Tll3p
•7:00 a Shatta Kxprtris- Daiis. Williams (for
Bartlett Sptinss). Willuwa. Ke.l
Biufl. PortianO. TilSr
*;i3«a Mu'.ii er.^AU ICainim. V»lieju. Kapa,
Calist»g»»u<lHaiiUk Kim ¦•sI3r
*5«:OOa Davis. \>»odland. KuighU L»odio{.
Mr.rjni!le. «irotill».. . »7:l3r
••:«»» AiUuti.r Kiprei^— Ogcien and Eaat 19***t
•n-.mt v Nile*, Tncy, Laihror, Swckton *l»»ir. A
lnne. sacra ¦•u-iifi. FlacTtme,
M»ry.i»ilK Cbico, U»,l IsiufT •Ixl-Ip
•«!3«»A OakiUli-, Chinese, donora. C«rter»... Mjl.lp
•!):(>«* Hajwjn!*. NitM *ml Way sutiuus. *1 1: l"»*
•!>:OOa Lm Ancelcs Kijria* — MarUnez,
Tracj, i..v;i.r-»[.. rtrocktou. Mticnl
Freauo -in.l Los Aczelca *7:l'1r
•!»:U0 a ViUlrjo, Martinez »nu Wtf M:.irl«m» »»i ISp
•IO:OOa Thn OverUnil l.ruit<-«l-< .'sJ*ii. Vea-
»er, Oiraha. Chica«u ••-¦43r
*1IiO«a Nilca. Sf.icnt.ui. .-i»cram»ut... Men-
•lota. Fresno, llaufurd. Vi*«:i»,
ffrtmillo M:l3p
•I I :00a Li»rnnrvri\ Sacger. Gwh^n Jiiac-
ti»n. liikenrit-iii, Los Auecles
•I 1:1111)1 lUywuds. .\:lc»aii-l Way otolluna. *a:l5p
tl:«i»r l->,i..»i..,i,t... UimSicuiK.H t3:O»A
•»:uo r II ,iy w»nN. Nil. n ami V.'af UUtlnns. ••¦»: l.ip
»t:«H»r M.iitins/, Sau lUiuosi. Valltjo.
Nui>v. U«ltotfHP». SatiU Knt» "Ui I S *
•»»»»p llruiola. Winters, 8aeranianto.
Woo.liaml. K..i«hU LuidluK.
Maryi>Tlll<., OMrtta •!<»:«:»*
•l::t'>r Nllw, tSun.li^fitiiil .Stiicktoii *?ll3p
•5:OOpTli8 Owl Limited -Tracy. Fresno.
II iki rsrtrlil. S»:if:ia tuz SiiiU liar-
bara, Lus Aim ¦¦«-*. •1»:I5«
*5iOO P Stockton •Uit3i
•.•Ji»»i> New ori^ar.f Esr<reM-i:*krnl1»l>1.
SauU Uwrliara, l.ns Anj-les. l>eio*
inK, £1 Fuo, New Orleans tud
Kxst .•••••....,.....•••••.• *T» *-^«
•G;OO r Hvnnb, Mile* >ih1 Mail Jora •?•«!»»
KliOtir V»ll»jw - •ISalSr
*i»:Our Oriental M»il— OgOeD, Cbejenne,
Omaha, ChiMgo *12:43r
•O:Ot»p Oriental AUil -Og'ien, Denver
Oman*. f'hicaK" MiI.Ip
•7:OOp Nileo, Tracy, I.%throp. Stockton.... »Hisiap
?7:U«»r uicii'in ana California Kai-rvu. mko.
l.utmntii. Mary»iill(«, KoiIiIiiik,
I'oftUn.l, riiget JSonnil ami l*j» *9il.1.i
t«iO.1 P VallrJ... I'.irt I'oaU a.,,1 Way bU.
tloin tll:«f f
COAST IHV|slO?» (.Nurrnre V« HK 0).
(F.)ot(.f Mnrk.tStr«ft.)
|<: I5\ 8ant« Cruz Excursion (or -Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations {9sO5p
*S:I3a Nrnurk.i>iitiir>:i:r..San.l.N<«. r.-;toii,
Uo.il.lor Creek. Santa Orux aud Way
Station* *«i20p
f'4tl3r Kewark, Centwr? Hie, San .line, NVw
Aluiatlflu. Fxltuu, Itniil.lsr C'r««k.
S,mt» Crui aud 1'ciucipnl Way
HtAtloilS ........................... *l# 1^1 '* %
"4 1 1 .1p Newark. Man Jnae, Los Gatos i* : .i«>,
il;l3pGlenwoo<l. Feltoo. 3»nt» frn» e»:3»*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmsu raiieisco— rwt *r x>r^i sum (SUp s>—
•T:15 0.00 11:00a.m. |1:33 ?J:03 13-33
M:03 I5:C3 *e:03r.n.
fumOHUSD— rHl«rBr«id«.f.— *«.0O 8:00 10.00 ».u.
tl2gJ «1:33 »:C3 ; 3:;3 I i:S3 'IOSp.m.
COAST IMVIXKIN ( llroa.l IJatt^e). '
("1 til r t nnd To y ri«<">..l s*« i
4A:IOa Ocean View, Houtti -->«n K»uci»c<i.. |tf::t»ir
f~:OMA Nan .!..«-> anil W.iy .SUth.ns (New
Aim*.).-.. Wn.liic.^.U) •¦¦¦•ly> *l>3Op
!?>3Oa Sunday Exeursinn t r >*„ Joac.
Hanta Cruz, P»dfic GroTe »oil
Ptineipal Way sutiuus {SiXip
*8iOOa H*ii Jiiitu, Trea l'li.im. SauU Crux,
Tacilic (irmo. i'aso Untilra, Han
l.nia Ol.i.i.o. Hurf. Ix>iupoc and
l'rinciiwl W»» Mtati..na •#:••*
•l»: l«» Sau .!¦.<!« ami Way ijtations •¦::«»
•ll::iu» Man.)asi*,LosGato«aii<UVaiHUtluiit *5t3«r
t'4:l.>i-S.ui Matro, ltr<lwiKxl. Menln Park.
Palo Alto. santi*«;ur:i. Hsm .l..«i-,
Tres Finos. -Sa»t« iJruz. Saliuaa.
Momeiey aiul I'Kcillc CriiTa tt*>t3<lA
t^i3»p.M»nJ<woanrt Way BUUoui ••J:3»r
flil'ir San Jnieami Principal Way Stations *U:I.**
f3:00r din Jns-, Los Gatoa and 1'riucipa.l
WaySUtionn ?»:0O*
•5:3»p !>>i-Jon »nl Principal ffa; HtaUuna ?«:3. - V i
•lt:::»r Man .Inns aud W*j At »f i,,u* «»¦¦•«•%
6H:4.'>r Sail Jowiml Way SuUon* »?:3t»p
A for Mi ruing 1* (or Afternoon.
•Dailj. ,' Sunday exceptrd. { Hunday null 1 .
N b Saturday ocly.
a 3»tuxiiay sad Sunday.. . « Monday oaly-
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTE&N RY. CO.
LESSSS3
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlboron Ferry. Foot of iMarket St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RA7A£L.
WEEK DAYS-7:30. 9:00. V.M a. m.: 12:25.
t:30. 5:10. 8:30 p. rn. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra, trlrs at 1:M
and 11:30 D. m. "Z
BUNDAYjS— S:CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. r 1:30. »:MV
1:00. 8:20 t>. rn.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50. »:»>. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
t:i0, 5:15 p. ru. Saturdays^ — Extra, trips at
1:35 and 8:35 a. rn.
SUNDAYS— 6:10. 9:49. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:«. 3:40.
5:05. 6:33 p. rn.
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park
same schedule aa above.
l«ave I In Effect. I Arrl»«
Ban Ftanclaco. |Apr. 15. 19C0.I San Franelac<x_
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Wee*
Days, f days. | Destination.] day. I Days.
T:30am 8:00 am N'ovata. 10:40 ami »:40 ana
1:30 pm 9:80 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 ana
1:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Ro»a. 7:35 pmj 8:20 pn>
Fulton.
t:30 am 'Windsor. 10:25 ta
HeaJdsburff-
Lytton.
Oeyservllle.
I:J3 pm S:CO tna Cloverdale. 7:S3 pm <:29 pm
f :S0 am! } Kopland I |19:2S in
1:30 pm! 8:00 arn| and Uklah. 1 7:» pm! «:«> pm
"fJOaza 10:25 am
1:00 am Guernevills. 7:33 pm
1:80 pm t:Mpn
1:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 19:15 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1 1:65 pm <:Z0 pm
T:SO anil 1:00 ami 110:40 am|19:2S am
>:«0 pm| 5:00 pm| BebastopoL 1 7:» pm| «:20 pm,
Etapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West -
Springs and Whits Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Spring*: at
GeysenrlUa for Stcaffxs Springs: at dOTcrdai*
' for the Oeysers: at Hopland for Duncan.
Bprlnsra. Highland Bprlns;s, Kclsarrllle. Carls-
bad Eprlnjn, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlttt
Fprir.gs; at Uktah for Vtcbr Springs, 8aratog«
Bprinirs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprlrure. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Vallay.
John Day's. R!v*rsld«. Llarley*a. Backnall's.
Sanhedrln Helf;hta. Hullvtiie. Orr*» Bot
Sprlngi, Mendocino City. Fort Brmgj. West-
port, Utal. Wllllta. Laytonrllla. Cummins.
Belri Bprinca. Ilaxria. Olaen'a. 'Dyer. Sootla.
soi<5 Eureka.
Saturday to SSonday round trt» tickets a4
seduced rates.
! On Sunday round trip ticket* to an points
Wyond Ean Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. flSO Market St.. CTn-oniei* bUjv
rC. WHITTNO. R. X. RTAM.
Creoeral Manazer. Gen. Pass. Areafe
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto perry.
Commencing April Zi, 1300.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAT.T.KT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. *«:30. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
12:45. *l:i5, 3:15. 4:15. *5:15, 6:15, S:i0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. *S:00. *9:00. 'IOiOO. ll:0O» U:33
a. m.; 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. '3:45. COO. 6:00. 7:20
p. m.
11:00 a. m. dooa not run to Saa Rafael Son-
days.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. •6:30, 7:50. 8:40. '10:15 a.
m.-. 1J:». 1:15. 2:15, »3:S0. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedneadays
and Saturdays at *t:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. tM. •9:50. ni:00 a.m.; n2:W
m.; l:C0. 2:15, »3:30. 4:30. »5:45, 1:45. 7:30. 10:J>
p. m
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VAXX.EY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:53. «:45, 8:00. 8:55. 10:30 a.
m. : 12:35. 1:43. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedneadays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m,
SUNDAYS— «:S5. 8:05. 10:C5. U:10 a. m.: 12:15.
1:20. 2:30. 3:45: 4:53. «:I5, 7:05. 13:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS,
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
j 8:00 a. tn. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:*5 o.*m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
SANTA FE TRAINS
DAILY,
LEAVE MARKET-ST. FERRT DEPOT.
Leave San Francisco Warn 4:10 p m 8:00 pm
Arrive Stockton 12:30 P m 7:15 p m 11:05 p m
-".Merced 2:42 p m r l:Man
Fresno 4:20 pm S:« a m
" Vlnalia «:0Opm 4:50 am
" Tulare 8:22 p m 5:10 am
" Hanford 5:33 pm 7:C« a m
Bakersfteld . 8:50 p m 7:30 a m
H" Denver 10:00 a m
" Kansas City 5:15 p m
" . Chicago ¦¦¦¦ 7:40 a m
9 a. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6 p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond Ins;
train arrives et 11:20 a. m. dally.
8 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with sleeping cars for 'both cities. Correspond-
ing train arrives at S a. m. dally.
Ticket offices at 641 Market street and In
J>rry Depot. ¦ Also at 1112 Broadwar. Oakland
DIRECTOR^
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Malls I
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal., Clunle bd,
COAL. COKB AMD PI3 IROX
1 C HI I «OV * Tft 9(>0 Battery Street.
J- \f nlLjUil CL KAJ-, Telephone Main 1M4.
COPPERSMITH.
C Vf CM1TH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
V- TT- O.'llIU. ship Wot\c a specialty. 1« ana
IS iVashinrton at. Teleuhonn Main 5641.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS, ; ;¦;
Electrical Engineer. 36 East St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
FAS RflVFS * ffl Slipping Eutchers. 1M
JA3- DUIC3 tt tU« day. Tel. Main 1294.
OALVAMZINa AND METALS.
Mfg. & Dealer In Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard it.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
: earth. 25c. Roblnran Chem. Co., 1163 Howard, i
METAL. '
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First St., San Francisco.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A EL-
LIS. 418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mlnln?
Candles. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 3. F.
PHl.NTINX
E.C fiUGHES. ni gag's, a.,.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE UICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First st.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Triegmphle PARTRIDGE ** <*£*&**
.WiUTfi ASH STEAM COAL, gg^g
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, Is the Best Coal In the
market. Office and Yards— 450 Main street.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
f. Steamers leave Broadway
fo. . wharf. San Francisco:
I^^S^^^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a.
t^^r^S&W rn> September S. 13, 18, T3.
K»7?J3rta«_. 2 8, Oct. 3. Cliange to Ccm-
S^l/Ml^^ rany's steamers at Seattle.
BK&Ss'I For Victoria. Vancouver
fcgCgX^g^^l (U. C). Port Tnwns«nJ. Se-
/^•'l^.^^^aj attle. Tacoma. Kverett. Ana-
**¦ co rte « and New Wtiatcom
(Wash.)— 11 a. m.. September
8 13. 18. 23. 28. Oct. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at
Seattle or Tacoroa to X. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 10. 15, 20. 25. 30. Oct. 5, and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Caya-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota. I
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro,
East Ean Fedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. September 8, 12. 16. 20. 21. 28. Oct. 2. i
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11
a. m., September 6. 10, 14. IS. 22. 26. 30. Oct
4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. '¦ - - ¦ .
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TTCKKT OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. BO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ppear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CARP S'2 First Class Including Berth
IHnC -$8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 10, 20. SO
COLUMBIA eails Sept. 5. IS. 25. Oct. 5
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. "WARD, General Agent.
«W Market st
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISDi
STEAMERS "WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan- streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September 22. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday, Oct. 17. 1900
S3. HONGKONG MARU.... Tues.. Nov. 13. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply, at company's office,
421 Market street, corner of First
- W. H. AVERY. Ceneral Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
nw tost souTaAirwos. lcndos. pixii
Stopping at Cherbourg. ' westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New Tork Sept 19 New Tork Oct 10
St. Paul 8ept K St. Paul Oct IT
St. Louts Oct. 3 St. Louis Oct. 24
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington ....Sept 19|Southwark Oct 10
Noordland Sept. 16 YVesteraland ....Oct. 17
Fiiesland Oct. 3j Kensington Oct 24
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
„¦*¦'•¦ 30 Montgomery Street
30MPAGNIE 6ENKRALE TBANSATLAHTIQUb
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m*u^
Paillns every Thursday, Instead of <Tjtl'N
Saturday, from November 2. 1S9D. at w^eSflssfc
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 13; LA
LORRAINE. Sept. 20; LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept.
27; LA TOURAINE, Oct 4. First class to
Havre. $S2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre. $55 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coa»t Agents; 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
OCEANIC 8.S. CO.-HONOLTTT.U, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SIDNEY.
5. E. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
"Wednesday, Sept. 13. 2 p. m.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. Oct. 3, 8 p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 643 Market SL
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St freight Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Alontlcello. **
MON.. Tues.. "Wed.. Thum. and Sat at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Ml»«!on-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main U08.
FARE .'. 50c.
V'' 7^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
HWff'^irttn 1*54 tor the treatment of Private
Bfl I jk jjfff Dlseuses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
gfttagrfflSa dlneaaevearlngon bodyandmlnaand
VS§?&n$2 - sldn Dl3eMes - Th < 1ootorcure»wh-,i
•3Sl'ff3a$a olbpr3fa11 - Try him. Charge* iow
bTOa3n3G2a luip»(to«rantf» t. Callorwrlta
Or. J. *' tilBBOS. Box l9S7.SanFraactaBo
RAILROAD TRAVEL!
MOUNT TAMALPAIS t RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and S: 15 p. m.
SUNDAYS...?. 9, 10, 11 a. m., 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
TICKET OFFICES .621 MARKET ST..
SAUSAUTO FERRY.
AUCTION EALE. ~~~-~~.
THE LOS MEDANOS RANCHO
Property cf the L. L. ROBINSON ESTATE
Comprising about fm acres of rich farming
:and located r.car Antioch. in Contra Cost!
Coast?, »;!1 be tscld an a whole *-**=i^
AT AUCTION.
PATLT.DAT, SEPTEMBER 12. 1900. at 12
o'clock noon.
At the Boblnson home place. Lo, Medanos
etstion, n-nr Antioch This fin, ranch has a
frontajre of several n.Iles on tho San Joaquin
River «r..l 1* traversed hy both the Southern
f'c^^M Sa w a r t "'"cads. The stations
it -h *- Mcl»aei are on the ranch.
At the Fr.me utr.o ar.d p'a^e will he «nM tv.1
town lo; S bcicr.^*.- to tbo sarr* "ltate*^ated
ta AtuUx!. .-.nS New Tort Landing. In quantl-
-.<<•¦« t" Fuit pTirrharrn>. H rT^.
JxrUoftiac purchasers frrrn San Francisco
should ret ticket* to L™ Medann. r »n«sco
For further r«rtioi:!.-ii-s ee* oataloirue*
BOVEE. TOY AL S.1NXT.VG. Auctioneers.
P* Market sUfita Francisco.
ACCURATE j>ers:>r.al knowlrdge^ach of the
&M0 rsrcnrs en try SALE- and FVChavi-jt
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BABCAIXS In improved ar.d unimproved i^gl
rneda re-al estate In all parts of Alameda on
-is\ irrrus A!»m«ls Land <V>m:.ar:y. ZhOO
irK vt . A.^m<-<1«; n font Bt..San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
£AFK investment for JTiOC: block of landTavor-
¦ bly locRted r.cnr ccrr.lns: Santa I"e Kailroad.
Partk-ularn C.WILLMOTT. *J« Market st..S.F.
OAKliANiADyEKTgEMlirg
Of FlCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND DEAL KSTATK.
trTiO-MODKRN EMtlalK house of S large
rooms, La.y-winJriw and brick foundation; lot
iOxUS fe*t: handy to A.3clin«* ar.'i rVnter sts.
Ftutions; very desirable neighborhood ; tost
I47tx>; a big bargain.
$17.50— Cozy nnwierr. Hastlake cotmpe of 4
rooms, tarn, bay-window, high basement, hall,
brick foundation: lot 27:»ixl32 feot; nice garden:
sunny ?ront; lijindy to Fan Pablo ave.: owner
tn New York authoriips this sacrifice; big Uar-
fair. for < ash.
$16W- A snsr>: fronts Market Ft.: central lo-
cation: i-a!r of flats, renting for JlS; lot 2tixl07;
tLf.sft.sfd for fliOJ: »JiJ carry $1200 insurance;
mtv desirablf rrminjr propony ; street worK all
cone: tit'e jn-rfect; owner owes JSrj and wishes i
in grit
ISSt— £torc and 3 ro^rr.s. drnvn Ftair?, flat of
5 rooms al«>ve; all in irood condition; also rear
'¦Moai c.-.tta^e; will brii-.R $30 por month rent -
bi<r lot: electric oars in front: handy to local:
can tf-rn-.s of payment or discount for spot
rash.
$4WV Kisbt down town; rc*icJonp« of K rooms-
tunny rornrr lot. 40x!0n feet: within 6 biocks
of the City Hall; a vr-ry choice central location-
reduced for <;uick 'a*h sale.
GEO. \V. AUSTIN & CO..
VOS Droadway. Oakland.
|1S| CASH. *<> 50 monthiy: new S-room -vjttaee-
T-fr.ot bas~em»nt: fine larre lot 256 feet deep-
rr<re nM tr'd $OC.
'< cMh. J4 &0 monthly; \ acre excellent
'.ar.c for {'¦¦ .
IIS rns=h. M B monthly; '-i acre Al land. $;55
$2 6* ca?h. JS monthiy: *i acre euperb land
r r $i^o.
123 e«*h. JU monthly; 1 acre (more can b* i
had. f.-r f47X
Truitva'.p. adjoining East Oakland : cllmat»
soli and view the very best; away from lopi
a^d raw winds; near electric car line an.l
wide ttoulevard. Call or fend for circular, 4."5 '
B»v*r.!ri «., Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. i
SOXES, owner.
f::.' -FINELY situated lot. &<>3rH5. en north
fM< MiTrimac St.. near Telegraph ave. I!EL-
I<EN & COOK. Washington ar.d Fourteenth. '
S 5iU9; NORTH *1<1* Thirteenth Et.. near
(Vnter. P.ELDEN & COOK. Washington and <
Focrteemb e».
IS"/-— FOl'R rooms and bath; high basement:
brick foundation; 1 block from oWtric cars;'
:"> minutes' walk to Fourteenth cr.l Broad- I
Mjr. liHLDEN & COOK. Washington anil:
FnartMiilli «g.
51". - S~>9 CABH, balance flat; n?w S-room j
nou*«; porcelain bath and tiled fink; gas fix- \
torn and shades; cement walks: situated i
r. ar local train* and car lines. BKLDEX &
OCX IC Washington and Fourteenth eta.
";"¦:: ?-r r >om residence in best location; front- |
irn or. ettjr r»rk; would take lot or smaller :
property or Rood country j/.aee In part pay- >
r. .. -! %. tELDES & COOK. Washington and i
*«»urt*««uli sts.
OAKLAXU 11OISCS TO LET.
U --PRIVATE roorr.i::g-house. IS rooms; near
Tf>«rraph ave. and handy to narrow ;'ijc>-;
£----d condition.
lv-ln nrtt-class ccr.ij'.tion and nelghbcr-
v "; house cf S rooms; handy to narrow
tt> have lots cf other r''»ce».
6es_GEO. W. AIST1.V A CO..
The Hruse Renter"?.
lf!M Bmadway, Oakland.
OAKLAXD Ffl'.XITlRE KOIl SALE.
an iiuroducticn to you from EX. Schellhaas, the
tarnl tare dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS POIl IIOl*SCKEEPI\G.
CLAT< :<:i, nfar Flllroore — ; large unfurnished
r r:>; ujper flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
FIFTH; 3T.3 — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms.
Ill: 2 fum. hkpir.. tlb: «!ngle bed rms.. J*. ta.
GREENWICH. S."£— Two nicely furnished rooms
tot housekepi>:n».
IIOWAIUJ. W<6— Large front bay-window room,
kitchen. complete for housekeeping; gas
r«tr.g->; cheap.
MARKET lC2&-Large Jlpht room and kitchen.
furr.;»-hM: foidlrg bed; ras; 110 a month.
POWELL. 1401—3 or 4 larpe eunny connecting
rooms Tor housekeeping; tink, gas, bath.
fcUXNN y. BROOK House. SE. cor Cough.
Market and Haight— Furnished rooms to let by
day. week cr menth; also housekeeping; en-
trance S Gough et.
fiTOCKTON. tOS-Mce sunny furnished rooms
single and en suite, with or without board;
also light ; ¦ i. ¦¦• , . i . .'. E .
'i.ll/l!A. 62—2 or S rooms complete for house-
ke-ilr.fc: reasonable.
VAN NESS ave. MIA^-Bnnny unfurnished
rooms for light h'juspkffplngr.
VEItY eunny unfurniFht-d flat; housekeeping; 3
room*, laundry. Or. McAllister and Hyde.
CLASSIFIED advertlFerr.erts and stjbscriptlons
receives at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscrlpticns ha* been established at 1036
Valencia rt.
IIOOMS TO LRT Knrn. nnd I'nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 1<S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 r*r night. Jl :; to $5 |»%r week, and light
nous* keeping; open all night
APAKTMKKT?, einglc suite; furnished; rea
«-:r.able. St. Jame«, cor. McAllister &. Lacruna.
JJintNETT. 1426 Market told No. 12S4)— Kur-
r.iched rms.. tsuilee. single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. LTD CThe EU>— Changed hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms.. Jl 60 to $7
week: 25c to » VJ Bight. MRS. P. RAN FT.
iu'SH. TlT'i— Sunny furnished rooms from J4
to ft- M __
CI.ARA. JC5. r»"?cr Fifth— 3 roomi; tenement by
iu«ir.
CLIfF'/HD 2C4 Ellin, ccr. llason— Elegantly
furrilshed '«-jnny roomi: pricen reasonable.
ELEGANT »=ur.ny rooms, single and en suite;
euperior table. Alrr.ora, Mission and 20th sU.
FRONT Parlor. euJtable for man and -wife or
3 gontlemen; alsc nlngl<». 31S Taylor st.
GEARY, i:;7, between Van Ness and Franklin—
Sunr.v newly furnished rooms, en suite or sin-
Kl»: hot and cold water ;
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and M;*«:on sts.— Sunny rooms, en euite or
eir.gle; ladles' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
HARRIET. 40— A large front furnlehed room;
rr-nt rt-a^oneb!e.
HOTEL Francisco— Elersnt suites; single: tran-,
elpnt; baths. MRS. K I NO. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. £2S-nocm« from tl week up to J6;
TSc to Jl night; also housekeeping room*.
HOWARD. 988, cor. 6th— Orlando House— New
management: furnished rms.: suites or single.
JERSIE. 2C5— Furnished room*.
LAS PALMAS. \%Vs Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms. ; private; bath; eln, rms; board optlonaL
II INN A. CC7. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, tl per week: transient.
THE SOUTH ERN—
NICELY furnished and unfurnished rooms;
terms very reasonable. AZ* Flltu it.
OTARRELL. 20 — Sunnjr furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights.; day. wk.. mn.
O'FARRELL, 224 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; modern Improvement*; tel. Red 436J.
POST. E27— Large front room; also one Email
furnished; others unfurnished; reasonable.
ROSEDALE Houw, 21* ar.d;n Ellis St.— Rooms,
-*-*•*. f*~ to tl- week »1 25 to $4: ODen night.
TO LET— ynrn. and Unfnrn.
ROYAL HOUSE, 12« Ellis St.— Incandescent
JiKht; reading room, smoking room and ladles'
P»»lor; rooms, per night, 35c to tl 60; week, $2
to $8; month. JS to J20: elevator on office
Boor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. Z8 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136 — Furnished sunny rooms; single or
suites: also rooms for light housekeeping.
THE SOUTHERN. 42S Fifth st.— Nice clean
furnished and unfurnished rooms; cheap rent.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CaU branch office. K00 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FtsbMTliUicris has been established at 10S6
Valencia tt.
3S SPECIAL .NOTICES.
LADIHS— Chichester'a. English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies." in letter by return mall: at drugr-
elfts. Chiche*ter Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
PILES-PETER FREILING'S die salve. Jl per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
Itchlnc. external. Internal or protruding
riles without fail, no -matter of how long
t-tandirg. ic:s Devisadero St., near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 65S0.
ROOMS papered from $2 60; whitened. Jl ud;
palntir.g done. Hartman P-ilr.t Co.. 319 Third.
SEWIXC MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, , exchanged ; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 203 4th st.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired, needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145. 6th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kind* bought, sold and repairing guaran-
tw><! rhas- riambpck. ISIS Mission, nr. 15th.
It ST()RACE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany 23ro Fillmore «t. ; phone Jackson ISL
BEKINS Van and Storage Co 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main lMft- Packing, moving and storage.
TVI'KWUITKHS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT %3mGAIN8 fIN.[TYFEWaXTEBS^W«
»e.l bcttc machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main 268.
ALWAYS bargains tn typewriters; any make,
ttrite for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st.
NKW typewriters. $3 down. $3 month payments.
HKVA1.K. 409 California rt.
DIVIDEM) .NOTICES.
CA LI FORN I A SCHTJ ETZEN^ CLU B~ PARK
AND BUILDING ASSOCIATION— A dividend
>o. 2) of 2i (Tnts per share on the capital
stock of the California Schuctzen Club Park
a»:d Building Association has been declared,
payable on and after Friday. September 14,
1SO0. at the office of the treasurer of the as-
sociation, L. Reutiold. MS UUFh st.
OTTO BItEKER, Secretary.
DIVIDEKO notice-The Giant Powder Com-
ratiy. Con. A dividend. No. 21. of seventy-
rive certs (75c) per Fhare on the issued capital
Hock of the company has been declared, pay-
atle at the office of the company, 430 Cali-
fornia tt, San Francisco, en September 12,
1900. Transfer books close September 5, 1900.
«? noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. lF i30c p*-r
thare) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 227 Market St.. en and after Wed-
nesday. September 12. 1S00. Transfer books
close on Tuesday. September 4. 1SO0. at 3 p. m.
E. H. PHKLDON. Secretary.
rilOPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be ree«ived at the Bureau of
Suj.rili^s and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon. Sep-
tember IS, 1900. and publicly opened imme-
diately thereafter, to furnlch at the Navy-
yard. Mare leland, Cal., a quantity of nuts,
wa«her>. buntine. dry poods, padlocks, squirt
cans, hardware, bos lamps, candle stands',
lamp wick, lumber, pipe sets, sheet copper,
har iron, rivet, sheet and bar eteel, hose, pipe
coTerinp. raokinK. polishing paste, white lead,
ill. pipe, ripe fitting?, stationery, steel i.lates
and bars. Blank proposals will be furnished
ui«->n Hpplication to the Bureau or to the Navy
Pay Office. San Francisco, Cal. A. S. KEN-
NY. Paymaster General. U. P. N. 8-21-00.
PROPOSALS Invited— Bids for providing and
installing a senase pumping plant for the
Frlsom r.rlpcn, practically conforming to spec-
ifications now on file with the State Board of
I'rlfcn Directors end State Board of Exam-
inT*. Bill be received by said respective
boards at the office of the Board of Exam-
iner!" in the State Capitol, Sacramento, Cal.,
until 2 o'clock p. m. of October 6, 19C0. at
which time they will be publicly opened. The
right to reject any or all bids Is reserved.
Copies of rrweiflcatinns may be obtained from
the cierk of the board at Fol?om prison.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied ch«/k for S2000 drawn on some bank of
cood Manrllnz to the order of R. M. Fltzger-
aM, president Ftate Beard of Prison Direc-
tor*, which check *ha!l be forfeited to the
Fiate if the bid vhich accompanies such
chock !s accepted and the party making trie
b;d refuses to rnterir.to a contract and exe-
cute a good and sufficient bond, payable to
the fitrte of California. In an amount to be
fij&rd by the State Board cf P»son Directors,
for the faithful performance of the contract
awarded. By order of the State Board of
Prison Directors.
riiAIXARD F. PMITH. Clerk of the Board.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage— Depot
Quartermaster's ofiice. 36 New Montgomery
ft.. Fan Francis-co. Cal., August 28. 1900—
Sea'ed proposal?. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m..
fer\tember 12. 1300. Pacific standard time, and
then opened, for furnishing Campaign Hats,
Black Calfskin Shoe?. Russet Shoes, Stock-
ir.es. Undershirts. LegKlns Laces. Black
Hats. Waist Belts, Letters Sent and Re-
ceived Books. Corn Brooms. Hatchets and
Helves. Camp Kettles, Pickaxes and Helves,
Shovels, Long and SKort Handled; Spades,
Shelter Tent Poles, Petroleum Paper. Wrap-
ping Paper. Tailor's Crayons and Mattress
Covers. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of price and quality being, equal (in-
cluding In the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be given to articles of American
produc-tlon and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coa*t. to the extent of the consump-
tion it-quired by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
b« furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Propo-
sals. No. €963," and addressed to Major OS-
CAR F. LONG. Quartermaster, U. S. Vols.,
Deport Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., September 3, 1900.—
Sealed proposal?. In duplicate, will be re-
celverl here, until 12 o'clock m., Thursday.
September 13. 150n. for furnishing, during Sep-
tember and October. 1900. outs, barley, hay.
end hay for bedding, at Presidio of San
Francisco, Cal. Government reserves right to
reject or accept any and all bids, or any
part thereof. Preference given to articles of
American production, conditions of price and
quality (including In the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) being equal, and
6urh preference gU-en to articles of Ameri-
can production produced on the Pacific Coast
to extent of consumption required by the
public ' Bert-Ice there. Information furnished
on application to J. M. MARSHALL. Chief
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS will be received by Reid Bros..
Ciaus Epreckels bldg., for dellv-erlnir 1500 cu.
yards, mere or less, pood earth on Bite. W. O.
Irvrin's residence, cor. Washington & Lacuna.
BIRTHS— MARRIAdES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be. handed
In at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BO EN.
CARROLL— In this city, August 30. 1900. to the
wife of Thomaa H. Carroll, a daughter.
PAYNEMn this city. September 3. 1900. to th«
wife of Dr. Redmond W. Payne, a daughter.
SPKCK- In this city, September 7. 1900, to the
wife of Rudolf Speck, a daughter.
MARRIED.
JOHNSON— STONE— In this city. September 8,
19C0. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, Louis
Johnson and Annie E. Stone, both of San
Francisco.
LEE-BLOOD- In this city. September 9, 1900
at the Palace Hotel, by the Rev. Leonard J
Oarver of Hay wards, Robert A. Lee of San
Jofc and Orlena B. Blood of Nevada City.
LEVY— BRANDEMAN— In Martinez. July I
1P00. Nathan Levy and Elizabeth Brandetnan.
DIED.
Adams, nilza P. Inglls. Lillian B.
Bodkin. Thomas Jcffers. William M.
Campe, Henry Johnson, Annie C. M
Carter. William W. Johnston, Margaret
Colahan. John T. Lynch. James J.
Cross. John C. McKee. David J.
Douglas. Thomas J. Osborne. Mary M.
Fenner, Aldrlch Rock, Hannah
Ford, John Rosenbohm. Margaret
Flanagan, Margaret Tennis, Margaret
Gallagher. William Tlerney. James
Gells. Catherine Webster. Maria P.
Gleeson. Martin Wells, James 11.
Hansen, Hliga M. White. Laura E. B.
ADAMS— In this city. September 8. 1800, Eliza
Pearl Adams, beloved mother of the late Vol-
ney P. Adams, and grandmother of Orivin
Adams,, a native of Battle .Creek. Mich., aged
60 years 11 months and 15 days. (Los Ange-
les and Michigan papers please copy.)
B^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par- j
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3017 Laguna street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. ¦
WELLS— In this city, September 8, 1900, James
H. Wells, a native of Massachusetts, aged
4G years. A member of the National Brewery
Workmen's Union.
(?''Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks, undertaker, 957 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth, thence to
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where the remains
will be cremated.
WHITE— In this city, September 8. 1900, Laura
E. Sands White, beloved wife of Elbert L.
White, formerly of Virginia City, Nev., and
mother of Joseph R., Clarence F. G. and
Eloise Sands White and Mrs. George W. Tay-
lor, a native of Canada, aged 51 years 11
months and S days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday*, at 3 o'clock, from the Third
Baptist Church, Powell street, between
Sutter and Bush. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. -
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 26«9 Howard street, corner Twenty-
third. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TENNIS— In Oakland, September 8. 1900, Mar-
garet Tennis, beloved mother of Mrs. J. H.
Nobmann. W. E. Tennis. Mrs. A. C. Thom-
son and J. F. and A. H. Tennis and the late
Thomas and Henry Tennis, a native of
Helgoland, aged 73 years S months and 2 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday),^ at 11 o'clock, at the
residence of J. H. Nobmann, 1727 Broadway,
nesr Eagle avenue. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. San Francisco.
TIERNEY— In this city. September 9, 1900
James, beloved son of Elizabeth Tlerney ¦
and brother of John Tlerney and Mrs. Ellen
Handblne, a native of San Francisco, aged
30 years and 1 day.
WEBSTER— In this city, September 10. 1900.
Maria P. Webster, beloved mother of Walter
B Webster, a native of New York, aged 74
years 10 months and S days.
CJT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited . to attend the funeral to-morrow
(r7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 542 Polk street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where services will be held for the
repose of her soul commencing at 9:30. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriages.
ROSENBOHM— In this city, September 9, 1900.
Marcnret. dearly beloved wife of John H.
Rosenbohm. dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
L. F. Green. Mrs. J. C. Meyer. Mrs. E. F.
Miner and George H. Rosenbohm. sister of
Matthias Fcge, and sister-in-law of Mrs.
Henry Voltmer, a native- of Stenau, Germany,
aged 54 years and 4 months.
D. O'CALLAGHAN. Fin. Sec? /
McKEE— In this city, 'September, 10, 1900,
David Joseph, beloved eon of Ann and the
late Alexander McKee, and brother of James,
Archibald, Alexander and Thomas McKee
and Airs. K. Frawley, Mrs. W. Hughes and
Mrs. J. Loebblng, a native of Sierra County,
Cal., aged 43 years and 7 months.
OSBORNE— In this city, September 10, 1900,
Mary M.. beloved wife of Joseph Oaborne, a
native of Cambridge, Mass., aged 63 years
and 23 days.
ROCK— In this city, September 10, 1900, Han-
nah Rock, beloved mother of Mrs. J. S.
Fisher and Rosle and the late Thomas Rock,
a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 6S
yea re.
E^Friends and acquaJntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1419 Kansas street, thence to St. Peter's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
COURT BONITA No. 43. F. of A.— To the offi-
cers and members of Court Bonlta No. 43, F.
of A.: You are hereby notified to assemble at
your hail. Twenty-fourth and Folsom streets,
this day (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock sharp, to
attend the funeral of our late deceased
brother, James Joseph Lynch, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1419 Kansas street. By
order RUDOLPH URBAIS, C. R.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 445 Gough street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Flllmore
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city, September 9, 1900, James
JoM?ph, beloved son of Dennis and Hannah
Lynch, and brother of Timothy, John and
Mary Lynch, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years and 1 month. ¦
ICS^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Our Savior's
Scandinavian Lutheran Church, Howard
street, near Thirteenth. Interment private,
I. O. O. K. Cemetery.
JOHNSTON— In this city. September 8. 1000.
Margaret, dearly beloved wife of James John-
ston, daughter of the late John and Catherine
Maloney, and sister of Molly and Timothy
Maloney. and niece of Mrs. J. Collins, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence. 1331 Utah street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, at her residence, 721A
Fourteenth street, September 7, 1900. Annie C.
M. Johnson, daughter of the late Peter and
Mary Johnson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years 1 month and 2 days.
ITT'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
JEFFERS— In this city. September 8. 1500. Wil-
liam M., beloved son of James D. and Annie
K. JerTers, brother of Lillian and Raymond
JefTens. and grandson of Thomas and Cath-
erine Mitchell, a native of California, aged 22
years 6 months and 22 days.
(n7"Remairis at the parlors of James Mc-
Mcnomey A Son. 1017 Mission street, near
HANSEN— In this city, September 10, 1900,
Hilpa Maria, beloved daughter of Ole C. and
Laura A. Ilar.sen. <>rid sister of Hans, Herold,
Henry, Clara, Lillle and Hilmer Hansen, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 1 month
and ti da}*.
IXGLIS-in thii clt>\ September 10, 1900. at
her residence, Ml Sutler street. Lillian
Ilernlos Ingli?. beloved wife of J. S. Inglls.
daughter of Mrs. A. Ordway. and sister of
Stuart llictit and James Ordway, cl native of
Virginia City, Nev, aged 27 years.
(ETFVlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 23 Lexington avenue, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
po!«e of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
GEILS-ln Lafayette. September 10, 1900, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Fred Gells,
and rister of Aucust and William Daruth,
Mrs. H. Hollinps. Henry and E. F. Iiaruth,
a native cf Germany, aged 54 years 6 months
and 13 days.
GLEEPOX-In this city, September 10. 19C0.
Martin, beloved s-on of Margaret and Martin
Olotson. and brother of Patrick. Michael.
Philip. Norah. Annie, Josle, l>ennls. James
nnd I>aniel Gloeson, a native of Nonagli,
County Tlppcrnry, Ireland, aged 24 years.
(CyFrienrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 2S73 Twenty-second street. In-
terment Holv Cross Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city. September 10. 1900.
William, beloved son of Bridget ar.d the late
Joseph Gallagher, and brother of James, Jo-
teph, Frank and the late Mamie Gallagher,
a native of Sari Francisco, aged 20 years and
3 months.
CT^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to Sacred Heart
Church for services. Interment private in
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FLANAGAN— In this city. September 10, 1900.
Margaret A, infant daughter of Patrick and
Mangle Flanagan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 4 ilays.
D. McSWEENEY, Recorder.
FEXXKR— In this city, September 8, 1900, Al-
drlth Fennor of Redwood City, Cal., a native
of Rhode Island, aged 64 years. (Modesto,
Cal., ].apers please copy.)
FORD— In this city, September 8, 1500, • John
Ford, beloved father of Mrs. John Olsen, a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
80 years.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(We.ineeday). at 9 o'clock, from hia late
residence, 1029 Capitol avenue, near Ingle-
Bide, thence to St. Michael's Church, Ocean
View, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
HARMONY Lodge No. 9. A. O. U. W.— Officers
and members are requested to assemble to-
morrow (Wednesday), to attend the funeral
of our deceased brother, Thomas Douclas,
from his late residence. 1023 Capitol avenue.
JAS. M. FOLEY, M. W.
CTTriends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Albert Brown, 466-4CS Thirteenth
street. Oakland. Cal. •
DOUGLAS— In this city. September 10. 1900.
Thomas J., beloved husband of Annie F.
Douglas, father of Thomas and Walter
Douglas, and brother of Fannie Douelas of
Jersey City, a native ol^'ew York, aged 59
yeurs, A member of Harmony Lodge No. 9,
A. O.1U. W.
lors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 818 Maeon
etreet. between O'Farrell and Geary. Crema-
tion I. o. O. F. Cemetery.
BODKIN— In Queenstown. suddenly. August
2s, 1900, Thomas, dearly beloved husband of
Lucy Bodkin, and father of Mrs. E. C. Har-
rison and David, Dr. T. P., Ajmes J. and
John M. Bodkin, a native of Mount Bsllew,
County Galvi-ay, Ireland, aged 6S years.
CAMPE— In this city, September 9. 1900. Henry,
dearly beloved husband of Ellse Campe, father
of Harry M. Campe. Mrs. H. Segelken. Mrs.
J.. H. Harrje and Mamie. Clara and George
campe. and brother of John and Fred Campe
and Mrs. C. Dunker. a native of Sandstedt,
Hanover, Germany, aged 64 years 6 months
and 9 days, (New Tork papers please copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
? Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his Inte resi-
dence. 20 Devlgadero street, between Thir-
teenth and Waller. Interment I. O. O. F
C> meter}-.
CAUTKR— in Los Angeles, September 9. 1300.
)\iiliain Willis, beloved husband of Mary
Carter, and father of Mrs. Eva Bussenlus
and Fre<l and Joe Carter, a native of Illi-
nois, aged SO years and 5 months.
COLAHAN- In San Jose, September 8, 1900,
John T. Colahan, beloved husband of Wini-
fred Colahan. and father of Mrs. C. E. Chis-
lioim of Oakland, a native of Cumberland,
Md., aeed Cl years and 7 months.
CT-F^ineral from his late residence, 336
South Fifth street, San Jose, at 9:30 o'clock,
thenc<? to St. Patrick's Church. Friends ana
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend without further notice.
CROSS— In Oakland, September 9. 1900, John C.
Cross, hutband of Mary A. Croes, and father
of Wilson A., John E., George H., Robert J.,
Charles M.. Sadie. Charlotte M. and Lillian
t.. Cross, and brother of Maria Cross, a na-
tive of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 62 years
and G months.Pickpockets Were Courteous.
J. B. Short, an elderly gentleman Hvin?
at 216 Diamond street, reported at police
headquarters yesterday morning that his
pocket had been picked on Sunday after
noon at Haight and Stanyan streets and
$100 stolen. He said that while he and his
wife were boarding a car two young men
came up to them and in a very courteous
manner assisted them onto the car. He
suspects the two young men of being the
thieves.
D. Dickinson Beaten With a Bottle
by H. Warwick and His Skull
Fractured.
T>. Dickinson. 9S9 Howard street, was
taken to the Receiving Hospital early
yesterday morning with his face and head
covered with blood. His lips, cheeks, fore
head and scalp were cut, and Dr. Starr
had to put in about twenty stitches. Dick
inson refused to remain at the hospital
and left for home.
The police were notified a few hours
later that Dickinson's skull was frac
tured and there was a chance that he
would die. Detective O'Dea was detailed
on the case and he arested Annie Zim
merman, a young woman living at llfl
Sixth street. Tfie detective is searching
for H. Warwick, the man who Is accused
of causing Dickinson's wounds.
Dickinson had been supporting the girl.
FjGHT OVER A WOMAN
THAT MAY END FATALLY
from severe lacerations of the scalp. He
had been picked up along the water front.
The physicians say that the wounds must
have been produced by some blunt Iron
Instrument, but as Lind was badly Intox
icated he was not able to tell what hap
pened to him.
A man known about the water front as
"Ciubfoof 1 McKee jumped off the wharf
on Channel street, between Third and
Fourth, last Sunday nftornoon and was
<lrownc-<l. Th^ body was recovered y«?s
terflay morning. McK<n? had tied a slab
of concrete about his neck and had filled
his pockrts with pieces of the same ma
terial.
Suicide of "Cub-Foot" McKee.
Notwithstanding the many attractions
in this city yesterday about 500 people at
tended tho annual picnic and excursion
of St. Brendan's parish and parochial
schools, which was held at Shell Mouni
Park. A goodly number went over early
In the day and after the parade was over
the attendance was materially increased.
Everybody had a good time, for there
was jig and reel dancing for prizes and
ballroom dances in tho big pavilion for
those who desired. In the amphitheater
there were races for old. voung and mid
dle-aged and prizes of all kinds were pre
sented to the winners. Then the Jumpers
and stone throwers had a chance to show
their prowess, the winners also carrying
off trophies of their success.
In all there were forty athletic events,
over -which Father Quinn presided with
such good judgment and fairness as to
please all of the contestants. Fifty Kale
prizes were Ri\ r en to the holders of win
ning tickets. Quite a number of the clergy
were . present. The success of the outing
Is due to the efforts of Father Quinn and
the following committees:
Arrangements— J. "W. Farren, Major J. E.
Power. J. Coughlan, J. RafTerty. P. Phe
lan, C. , Lyons. . 'James McGrejror. P. ' Mc-
Gtnn. Jospph Woods. C. P. Moore. J. P. Gar-
Bide. J. Powers. L.. Meehan. John Murphy. T.
J.' , Bourke. G. H. Richmond, P. " D. Bourke,
THEY DANCED AND RACED
AT SHELL MOUND PARK
Beaten on the Head.
A. Llnd, who resides at 6 Howard street.
was taken to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital by a friend last night, suffering
Im E. Crosby, a sailor, had his skull
fractured on the bark Olympic last night.
A bale of hay which was being lowered
into the hold of the vessel slipped and
crushed his head against a gasoline tank
He wae rendered unconscious and was
treated at the Harbor Receiving Hospital
Later he was taken to the City Receiving
Hospital.
Skull Fractured.
He first came into prominence about a
quarter of a century ago. when he got
away with the celebrated paintinK
"Elaine," which was on exhibition on
Kearny street in this city. A short
time afterward Lees, at that time Chief of
Detectives. arrested Wallace for the
crime. While having his preliminary ex
amination he climbed out of a courtroom
window and, sliding down a water pipe,
made his escape. A short time afterward,
while visiting Cincinnati. Lees recognized
Wallace while on the streets and caused
his arrest. He was brought back to this
city and subsequently tried and sentenced
to ten years In San Quentin. After his dis
charge he went to Oregon, where he was
arrested and sentenced to five years' Im
prisonment for burglary.
According to the police Wallace is one
of the most successful crooks that ever
operated in the United States. On learn
ing that he was in this city, evidently pre
pared to commit crime. Captain Seymour
lost no time in having him locked up.
Frank Randall and Charles Drew, noted
Eastern pickpockets, were arrested yes
terday on Market street by Detectives
Dlnan and Wren. They were seen in the
act of trying to pick a woman's pocket.
After being taken into custody Randall
tried to dispose of a bottle of "knockout
drops" which he had in his possession.
Although now gray-haired and old, Wal
lace Is still feared by the police. He Is
known In every State In the Union as a
desperate crook and as soon as he is rec
ognized he is thrown in jail or ordered to
leave town.
"Tommy" Wallace, one of the most no
torious crooks in the country. Is locked
up in the tanks in the City Prison. He
was arrested by order of Captain Sey
mour, who learned that he was in the
city and suspected that he was bent on
mischief. • Yesterday he was found on
Market street and locked up In the tanks.
He will be held until the celebration is
over.
" Elaine."
TOMMY WALLACE,
A NOTED CROOK,
LANDED IN JAIL
Became Famous by Stealing
the Celebrated Painting
Keep your baggage checks until you
reach San Francisco. You will save one
half in the transfer of your baggage
One trunk (round tripi 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery. Oakland ferry depot
650 Market street, 408 Taylor street. •
Notice to Native Sons,
Games— T. Kerrigan. M. Ttodjrers. J. J. Loo
ney. «J. J. Donahue. P. J. Sheedy, P. Molonev
Floor— Major J. E. Prmer, F. Farren b'
Buckley, Captain Keating.
Thomas Batlte, P. Landers. J. M. Snlliva.n 3
J. Looney, P. Kllcoyne. J. H. t^mrir w' J
Gavin. J. J. Clifford. V. Sl«rs;ins. W. Pryaf T
J. Donahue. John Devlin, p. Dougherty, John
Hourk*. M. Murphy. Thomas Kerrigan W
McGllloway. P. Hanl*y. ]». Kerrigan. Syl Tur
ner. M. Rogers, W. Madden. J. Moloney P
Smith. John Cusack, J. Qulnn. B. McGafflKan*
r. Wllkerson. M. J. Moran, P. J. Sheehy D
D. Buckley. W. Crlbhin. R. Furlong. J. Coujfhl
Ian. P. Farrell, J. McShane. Thomas Lane. P
J. McAssey. P. Moloney. John Drlaeoll. p B* r .
jreven. B. Hurley. T. Du«*an, J. C. Johnson
Fleming. J. Kllntnn, W. A. Maher, T Mar'
tin. J. Creedon. John Butler. O. Scanlan C
McDevltt. T. Cavanash. J. Walsh. P 'cil
more, M. Kane. M. Regan. D. Casey C Wha
len. James McGoldrick. Hugh E. Ryan.
WafsrN'.^SiSnf 1311 - '*"*»
and when he called "upon her about 2
o'clock yesterday morning Warwick wan
in the room with her. She refused to let
him in and he forced open the door. "War
wick had armed himself with a quart
bottle, and when Dickinson burst into the
room Warwick used the bottle upon his
head and face until he was knocked into
unconsciousness. /
Fainnount Club Elects Officers.
The Falrniount and Glen Park Improve
ment Club has elected the following offi
cers for the ensuing six months:
Christ Stader, president: Fred Gamier,
vice, president; Joseph P. Tuohey, record
ing secretary; Mrs. Joseph P. Tuohey,
financial secretary; Joseph H. Heck,
treasurer; John Svater. sergeant at arms.
Progress was reported in the grading of
Arlington street and the residents,
through the club, will petition the Boar.l
of Supervisors for fire plugs for the dis
trict.
Municipal Nominating Convention
Will Assemble at B'nai B'rith
Sail To-Morrow Afternoon.
The Republicans will open the campaign
in California at the Mechanics' Pavilion
next Friday evening. The opening event
will be under the auspices of the Union
I>eapue Club of San Francisco. A. G.
Booth, president of the club, will preside.
The audience at the pavilion will be ad
dressed by United States Senator Fair
banks and Hon. E. F. Holloway. No
other speakers have been engaged, as
these two eloquent exponents of Republi
can doctrine will each speak at length.
There will be music, vocal and instru
mental. Campaign songs will be sung by
clever singers and the bands will render
popular music and the latest popular
airs.
The Republican Municipal Convention
will meet to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock in Bnai B'rith Hall. The conven
tion will be called to order by Alfred
Bouvier, chairman of the county commit
tee.
REPUBLICANS READY
TO OPEN CAMPAIGN
Ryan's illness is due to a bowel and
stomach affection from which he has suf
fered during- the last five days. The first
symptoms appeared last Thursday, but a
day's relaxation from training engendered
In the mind of the pugilist a false belief
that he had thrown olf the temporary
Illness and wa« so far recovered as to be
able to continue his work. Since Satur
day Ryan has been forced to discontinue
his training altogether. The same com
plaint left Ityan in a very weak condition
the nipht he foug-ht Green in this city.
"I don't want to take any chances." said
Ryan last night. "I want to be strong
and in good condition when I meet Mof
fatt. Of course I might fight him and. if
things went r gainst me. have an excuse.
But this 1 don't care for. I am very
fcorry that this has happened. I shall be
in San Francisco for some time and hope
the date can be satisfactorily postponed
I lose by this my $.")00 forfeit and the ex
penses of training."
The National Club is in a quandary
over the unexpected turn in events. The
fight was the talk of the sporting public
and a big crowd was assured. Al Neill
wants to go on in Ryan's place and the
National Club looks to the loser of two
fights against Moffatt as a saving straw.
Neill has been in training for a San Jose
tisrht and claims to be in fzoo<i' condition.
It is most likely that Neil! will be sub
stituted for Ryan Wednesday night. ¦ ¦
Jack Welch, the well known referee,
and J. J. Groom of the National Club
were discussing ths withdrawal of Ryan
last nipht and blows resulted. Groom in
sinuated that Ryan felt a "chill in his
pedalers." Welch would not listen to it
?jid Groom was a target for the referee's
fist.
Tommy Ryan is 111— so ill that he can't
see how it would be possible to do him
celf Justice by fighting Jack Moffatt on
Wednesday night. Determined not to
take any chances he notified the managers
of th<* National Atheltic Club yesterday
afternoon that he would not be in condi
tion to meet Jack Moffatt on September
12. He is willing to fight Moffatt as soon
as no has recovered from his attack of
sickness which lias left him in a very
weakened condition.
Sends Word to National Club
to Have the Fight
Called 05.
RYAN IS SICK
AND WILL NOT
MEET MOFFATT
The Olympia hns provided for this week
n really po«d show. The "Dance of all
Nations" last riiirht made a hit with the
visitintr natives, and the rest of the bill
was far above the average.
Olympia.
Chutes.
Tn the loner list of attractions at th©
Chutes and Zoo this week, those most
successful lnst evening were La Lister,
fire dancer; Weston and Herbert, musical
comedians; Baby Ruth, the Malcolms and
8t-1 Haxter. ¦ A line display of flrewords
wr.s also made.
At Fischer's concert house a large
audience listened to an entertaining pro
gramme last evening. The artists for the
week ure Mae Tunison. Eudora Forde. J.
F. Veaoo. the favorite tenor, L. E. Be
tram. Howard and Campbell, Olive Vail
and Dutch Walton.
Fischer's Concert House.
"Cavalleria Rusticana" and *"I Pajrtl-
Rcci" opened the week at the Tivoli with
Rus?o as Turrldu; Signorina Lia Poletlnl
as Eantuzza: Barren Berthold as the
<"ar.io and Sigjior Ferrari the Tonio of
Papliaccl.
Russo'b brilliant style of vocalization
end Bmhold'e splendid, acting and
smooth pinging carried off the honors of
the eveninp. MIfs Stewart and Slpnorina
Poletlni were at their best and received
a liberal share of the applause. The
orchestra was correct, hut Mascagni's in
tcrmezro has been played on other occa
sions with more soul than it was last
evening. There Is quite a difference be
tween soul and technique.
Alta.
"On the Trail" opened lte second and
last wrcU at the Alta theater laet evening
and Captain Jack Crawford was accorded
a epler.did re<-e;ition. The play Is a pro
nounced hit and a crowded house re
warded the efforts of the players last
evening, conspicuous among the auoieaca
being many armv officers.
Next week "TT-.e Bottom of the Eea"
will be presented.
TivolL
Alcazar.
The military drama.. "The Girl I Left
Behind Me." drew a crowded house to the
Alcazar theater last night, extra seating
capacity beinp required. The plot is well
known. Two officers are In love with the
General's daughter, one being a villain
end the other a hero. The villain is un
masked and the hero weds the grirl. There
are some 6tirring- scenes in the four acts
and the audience last night was wildly
enthusiastic. Howard Hail as the hero.
Lieutenant Hawkesworth. came In for the
largest share of the applause and he de
e?r\-ed it. Clarence Montaine as Major
Burleigh was not far behind In the good
graces of the audience and Howard Scott
es the General and Edwin T. Emery as
Dr. Penwick were satisfactory. George
P. Webster as the villain was hissed re
peatedly, which was what pleased him.
Charles Bryant as Scar Brow, Carlyle
Moore es Private Jonos and Bert Yo'ung
bs Serpeant Dix played their parts well.
Miss Dorothy Dorr as Kate Kennlon, the
General's daughter, gave on the whole a
satisfactory interpretation of the part and
Miss Lorena Atwood as Lucy Hawkes
worth was really excellent. Miss Polly
Stockwell as Wllbers Ann was flatterlnsrly
received.
TFIAT Mr. Clement should have to
fall back upon "The New Dominion"
for Ills second week argues either an
extraordinary lack of new plays or
an extraordinary lack of enterprise on his
part. Let us hope It Is the former: in
that case the revival of hJs now ancient
comedy has excuse which otherwise ii
would be hard to grant.
Much of the drairatlc material in this
play is thin and threadbare; the mortgage.
the gin that loved not wisely but too well,
the heavy vi'lain adorned with top bools
*••)<! ridinp whip, the comic relief furn
ished by the dashing widow and the young
society swell— we know them all aa well
£s v;e know the cigar store Indian whom
vre pass on our daily walk to the office.
£a:ff a.r^ they, stiff and conventional ad
he. but among these lay figures moves the
rc-a!]y human form of the delightful
Baron von Hohenstauffen, the large heart
ed German botanist who comes for ten
days to investigate the flowers of Vir
ginia, but who stays the entire summer
that he may carry oft the fairest Flora
of them all. This character study is a
real contribution to our scanty clrj.ma.tic
literature and Mr. Clement has thought
out the rendition so thoroughly that he is
convincing from the moment he stops on
the etape till the moment he leaves It.
There are not half a dozen actors in the
United States who can write their own
play.«. Mr. Clement is one of these. He
would be far better employed in studying
t-ome other of the numerous types in
•which our society abounds than in wan
dering to the Antipodes in support of
third-rate tragediennes or revamping ill
cor.structed melodramas.
The two most charming scenes In "The
New Dominion" are the German lesson
and the fiower speech. The former Is con
ceived in the true spirit of comedy, the
latter of poetry. It is to be regretted that
Mr. Clement, misencouraeed by the hilar
ity of an enthusiastic audience, allowed
his comedy at times to fall into farce. In
the flower-E]x-ech scene Miss Pomphret
was a gTeat improvement on the young
lady ¦who last year eat out the poetry
like "pray-halred Saturn, silent as a
Ftor.e"; yet Miss Pomphret, evidently by
instruction, turned her back to the audi
ence during the times of most tense emo
tion, so that we could not tell whether
she was moved by the speech or not. That
is not pood, either. Is it impossible to get
this scene, the gem of the play, played
for all It is worth?
L. DU PON'T SYL.E.
Orpb-eum.
L&Ft evening for the first time In the
hi^tnry of the Orrheum, gentlemen In the j
audience laid aside dears and cigarettes
arid all because a little notice was posted
up telling; how tobacco smoke was prov
ing injurious to Jessie Bartlett Davis'
malrhlpss voioe. Tills favor on the part
of thf masculine end .if the audience was
not disregarded by the songstress, who
parted her programme in the middle with
a neat little speech of thanks.
Miss Davis is the leading: attraction at
the O'Farrell-street house this week and
Fhe was preeted in that penial way local
play-goers are wont to greet those that
have won their approval. Her voice is
Ftill the solendid one that won for her
wealth and made the fame of the Bor
tnnianp. Her selections were such as to
pk-ase all sorts and conditions of taste.
Of course, there *vas a demand for "O
Promise Me," a demand the fair sone
stress pracious.ly complied with. Besides
Miss Davis the Orpheum programme this
•week is rrammed with good things. It
Iroludes Westerman and Wren, Gertrude
Mansfi>!d and <"aryl 'Wilbur. Querita
Vincent. Howe. AVali and Walton. John
eon and Dean, the Younu American quar
tet ar.d the American blograph.
"The New Dominion," Some
what Threadbare, Repro
duced by Clement.
ANCIENT COMEDY
IS REVIVED AT
THE COLUMBIA
THE SAN JFK AJS CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1J)OO.
12
Wouldn't you be mad to find out that
Mrs. Prudence had bought linoleum, Eng-
lish make, for 57 cents a yard and you
had bought the same patterns and qual-
ity elsewhere and paid 10 cents? Mrs. Pru-
dence Rot her linoleum at the big sale of
the Art Carpet Shop. C2J> Powell street. •
LaCler 1 tailor-made suits, irtlk skirts, for
cApc-a; liberal credit. M- Rothschild. £26 Butter. •
A burglar In New York was baffled and
put to f.ight by a family parrot that
gr«>t«vl him with a volley of oaths. What
ado><l KTfatly tn the desperado's terror
was the fact that the oaths were In Ger-
man.
Sinrc the adjournment of the two con-
vert Ions it is apparent to even' intelli-
gent voter that the proper person to rep-
rrFf-nt the Fourth Congressional District
if Dr. C, C. O'Donnell. the indr>pondrnt
randidnte. an he has always proved him-
fclf anti-Chinese nnd anti-trust. •
Don't fall to see Silver's rare Philippine
curios and relics at H13 Market street
adjoining Odd Fellows' building. ' • '
ADVI£rnSE3O3TTS.
DR. McNULTY.
This well known specialist can always
be consulted at his old offices, 2^4 Kearny
street, where HE GIVES HIS PER-
SONAL. ATTENTION* to EVERY CASE,
as he employs no clerks, has no students.
no partners, no associates or hired sub-
stitutes. His motto Is "a limited field and
better work." ' ,_ • .- ¦
He treats Private. Chronic and Nervous
Diseases of Men only. He cures Secret
KlOOd ."id Skin J>isHas*s. Sores and Swell-
Ings: Nervous Debility. Impotence and
other "Weaknesses of Manhood.
Dr. McNulty corrects the Secret Errors
of Youth and their terrible effects. Loss
of Vitality. Palpitation of the Heart. Loss
of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of Mind and Body.
The Doctor prevents Consumption,
Heart Disease. Softening of the Brain and
Spine. Insanity and other afflictions
caused by the Errors. Excesses and Dis-
eases of boys and men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Pow-
er, removes Deformities and restores tha
Organs to Health. He also cures Dis-
eases caused by Mercury and other Poi-
sonous Drugs used in the improper treat-
ment of Private Diseases.
Dr. McNulty is thoroughly qualified, a
graduate of long study and practice in
the famous Medical Colleges and Great
Hospitals of Philadelphia. Licentiate of
the State Board of Health of Illinois and
by the laws of California. He ia prac-
tically indorsed by the Supreme Court oT
this State, the honorable Judges havfos
declared that the evidence of his skill and
ability Is complete, and rendered a de-
clsicn authorizing him to advertise his
specialty.
Dr. McNulty has been encased in an
honorable and permanent practio* in San
Francisco for many years. His meth-
ods are regular and scientific. He uses no
patent nostrums or ready made prepara-
tions, nut cures the disease by therougrj
Mcc'ilcal Treatment.
His pamphlet on Private Diseases la
free to all men who call or write rega-ct-
ing their troubles. All letters and pack-
ares sent In PLAIN covers so as to exeito
no curiosity.
Patients cured' at home. Terms reason-
Consultation Free and Sacredly Coufl-
Hours: !> to 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:30 evenings.
Sundays. If) to 12.
Call or address—
P. ROSCOE McNULTY, B.D.,
26! KEARNY STREET,.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
ETBewarc of strangers and confidence
men who may try to talk to you about
your disease on the streets or elsewhere
They are known as medical cappers or
"doctor-steerers."
t
The baggage checking system, which Is
universal In America, Is coming Into use
In England.
Callustro Window and Mirror Polishers— They
do the work quickly and do it well. They clean
the glass and £ive it brilliance. They are last-
ing, convenient and economical. Avail your-
selves of a grood thing. Ask for them at the
Emporium. •
TyprwTitlne Paper in Bank Stock saves the
sight. Mysell-Rollins. 22 Clay et., makers. •
You never have a head in the mornlne from
drinking Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey. Try it.
Tour bosom friend, Gibson's Jl shirt. 1204
Market St.: white or colored; Just in. •
." ; Hal . e ' 8 -. ¦¦¦¦.¦¦.,'- I Hale's. . I , Hale's. ; Hale's. , Hale's.
iwnHiMimm "¦¦- .'I^T " "" "•' ~ ~ ~~ ~~ ~" ' ~~~~~ --»
•l&!\ • IW O " eW S!3lleS ai!d eXC6 " ent Va ' UeS '" really ' t0 '
Jjf-]^ */&»** /&!&/ J**^rZgrx~' : T^^^ suits., wraps, skirts, silk waists arid petticoats are
: IjT /l^^^fi/^ i^% i^^) +~~~^ GOQEJ^^^ now on view and sale in the cloak and suit store—
\y flik £§. ' &zS^) **^»m= l " 1 """ ami not a minute too soon, the size of the audiences
j h 'Z^J the clty seothes with fla & s and decorations, vibrates with in attendance every day since their arrival was first
renf.n^hehfstory"^* "ate°" S '" hOnOr ° f the greateSt ' -»°«-ed show, that their coming had been looked
hurrah for the gallant men and fair women who made for — was welcome.
l^Sfj3%^^- POSSibIe the day we are celebrating! every garment h the co'lection was designed bv artists
f^^M'jf^A^^^ visitors to San Francisco. ' vf23 kne , v/ how the most fetching
M^^^^^J/U^'i W lf y° u are interested in the coming season's fashions in goods and gar- fFGffl 8 HlSlSSS pi2C3 Of ClOlli.
jSel SeSSar 'l^«s»^" j rV»D-^-<— L '*"• merits a visit to our store -u-ill be interesting? and profitable we arc eet- ,. , I . .
S&a&te&fl n^^MS^^T tin Z stocks in sha P e for removal to our magnificent new buiidltiK-the most ,. lf you arc , am , onS tnOS £ vh ° WlSh c *\ ment3 tha * lo °* " "
W Nr±t^-\*J modern dry goods establishment in all this western eountrv-and are Celling hey were made fnr >'°' J - if >' ou are seeking something in this
•.S$3D§*ll\ l Fm K^^ manv lines of merchandise at greatly reduced prices to lighten the task and Iiro at a moderat e P rir^ that>s U P t0 thp minute in style and
SSStStH )MWT^ ™ st " f movin &- thls advertisement records a few of the offerin| S -1ust a d i^rent from the uniform idea then this showing wll , , nter
W*f * ™A \ '•V^'''^'K fraction of the stupendous whole. oitenn^s jusi a e st you. to-day we have space for only the briefest mention of
TV' |'£\ \ K^iiV/Cif* *" '•¦*. < four items, but you'll care more to see them than have us tell
'PiL|i\ ¦ WwA$Z*$' we move t0 our new store soon. of them.
H ~~ #l\\ |O /-^^£i^^ • taffeta silk waists — black nobby kersey Jackets — In
Igk vVjlW ' Vlr 1 -^ Uri fflnUDQ 9 Wfirri nf nOU/ imnnrtotinno and all the beautiful new col- black, tan and castor— satin
/ V C yiH\Q\ ™" jJIUlOO—a WUlU UI flCrf IllluUliallOllSi ors-made with corded fronts, lined throughout-made with
r-.^-j.-J/fl \ \ \*> — ¦x/w/( 'v f)j// . * ? *u » ... plaited backs and shaped large lapels— trimmed with
CS-XM//I \ \ 'SewS^fe^" weve got past the stage of experiment in gloves, you have helped stock collars— all sizes. 32 to 42 silk stitching and six pearl
&Sr / / \ V J /uS^>F^^^/ us to our present surety about the sorts we offer. they f ve stood the test —price gCl.SO buttons— winter weight— r>r1ce
' Aaf&**~i/ ••§£&/ an wear - tnese have been selected for special mention to-day, the S7 ;>o
V^^K lW\ *S'-/0'J^ styles and colorings are the smartest and newest for autumn wear. box front kersey Jackets, In •¦••••••-•••••¦•••-••¦••,
?^^^^^&^5f^sH ; ladleS> mOC i? a P loves -J ust th « F!° Ve Hte " Jouvln kId cloves-all the cor- a^d^cas^r-m'adf^^thfpop- fine kersey capes-30 Inche,
•^rW^r^rK N f ?. r street shopping: driving and cy- rect new colors for street, semi-dress u"ar coat back sfyle and «°Fh Ionc-black rorrert
?^P?1^Q>~3Q moTel-pTr paTr SS r wear-sizes 5% to 7^-per the'iSS'^ shap^'coUar- new SSSi3teff«?Ks3S
V f V ¦ V ; / i^^l modes-per pair frl.OI) pair lined throughout with good . serge-trimmed with twenty
V^^ V rX'J-' i-^ &fi * f i^i^^- v '' H. B. kid gloves— in all the new quality roumaine — shapely. rows of stitchins— new style
y/ IWYJZ} modes, tans browns reds, greens and misses' two-clasp lambskin gloves— Jaunt >'« handsome— price „. satin-lined hood-rrice
% J'll W • blues-also black and white-made ex- all the late tans, browns, reds, greens *.».OO MO.OO
<' .3\ }) t v ikj^//- pressly for us-sizes 5% to 7%-the : best blues and grays-full of good looks and
*;«*V# / glove that can be sold for $1.OO exceilent wear-per pair ,i. O O COITifOrtS— 3 tlmOly 80(1
half a thousand silk remnants-more or less- new neckwear and handkerchiefs. important offering,
sharply reduced. •ne^Sd'diS^ ' ma >' be the ni p and chi11 of these coo! ni^ hts has
+r,«o« n^« «•« «. n ( ¦ 4. 4. a 1 • u 1 are « xce P tlo n a^* v iew the display from every point; easy to brought to mind the need of heavier bed coverings.
these are pieces Of One tO ten, yards, which have Prophesy your verdict~"I want some." these four hints of u * a » .- • i_ 1
accumulated from the recent successful sales as well 3 and prlce3 ~ th^ ™* P*ked «t random from a muiti- to a11 s announcement is a stirnnff chai-
as I regular stock, ahnost every variety of silk is in- HI | 8car , g Eatin stock i||iSiiS|ffiSiSi
eluded — plain taffetas..- brocades, satins, taffeta homton and renaissance braid two different and very hand- . "".-.> prices are one 01 our cnstinguisn-
stripes, taffeta plaids, surahs/satin liberties, foulards e " ds * n . new ;^-ts-cream ™£ fflgJSSS SJ d jabot- mg ttaitS '
and others, in a great variety of design and color- !7scV7ocan d 'osc X^ntah^Vi&^A^ ¦ prOliipt aCtiOIl — bold bUVing — mad8 flieSe
ings, to-day all are marked at liberal reductions stitched ends; either style 5Oc nrinnc nnccihfo
from their original fair nrices to hnrrv thpir seWmv taffeta silk stock collars- ladies' handkerchiefs - fine DuGcS UDSSlDlc.
xiuiii uicir uii^inai idir pnees 10 nurr} ineir selling. wlth or w i thout bows-trim- sheer centers with borders of r r
mod xrifh Tinnu^n i»» /i imitation duchess lace in the the special lots in this offering are of the same high stand-
intDrOCfinrr nffQrinfrC in CI l^C SnH rirOCC rrnnrfo T ? . nonuon lace * na beautiful fleur de lis pattern— ard that made the fame of Hale-s blanket department-thafs
llllCIGdlllltL Ullollll&O III OlilVO dllU UlCOO &UUUO velvet— price 5Oc each .....loc argument enoush for the many who come here regularly for
. these goods, each of these short items tell a long story of
from regular stock. h firfi ' S \ m v f nr thnsp with hniKPfiimiQhfncrQ money savlns
, „. - . , . IIClOO lUUN IUI tllUoC WIHl llUUocIUrniSllinSS l^ cotton blankets— size white all-wool blankets with
satin liberty taffeta silks in storm serges— in every called ° 64x72 Inches— just the thins beautiful borders— made of se-
several exquisite color combi- for staple color— no fabric we \n him . for sheets and ironing blan- lected California wool— hand-
nations— Just the silks for know of is better adapted for IU UUJfi kets— per pair 5Oc some to the eye. luxurious to
pretty waists — if we had paid serviceable dresses and skirts the touch and odorless silk
regular wholesale rates the —DO Inches wide— value 75c a the offerings In the housefurnishinpr department to-day bound— value S7 00 a pair— now
price would have been $1.25 a yard— now ,">0c Vl ' m cause >' ou to wonder where the profit comes in. maybe ... . ., w ,^ f> , SI .">O
yard-the price is 85c there's a loss, if there is it stops far short of this store, these i_ wl V te wo ,° blanketa with ?o ""'
all-wool fancy cheviots— a half dozen items will surest the opportunities: handsome fancy borders— not double bed com fort abl en-
all-wool Alma cloths— a new new and handsome fabric for »" ™ ol ~~ 3 , ust enou *h cotton covered with rood oualltvflc
and very handsome fabric for fall and early winter wear— four-quart teapots — first six-quart milk pans— worth buried In the soft wool to g.ve f . material in several hinrt
full costumes and separate several new mixtures in de- Quality enamel ware-worth 30c each-now 1J) C them strength-size 64x?0 ' BatterS-fliSJ
skirts-all the correct new au- sirable colors-36 inches wide 48c each-now 3Oc inches-value $3.»0 a pair- clea n. whltef^dorless cotton-
turan colors — 4S inches wide 1 — —per yard...; 5Oc eight-quart tea kettles— first now ?*•»•» now eacn ~(\ .
per yard $1.50 ' . six-quart covered saucepans quality enamel ware — worth ' ' *•*"'
all-wool Venetian cloths in with straight sides— worth 65c 80c each— now GOc double bed comfortables-
Amazon cloths— a new satin- the new blue, brown, tan. cas- each— now 49e white all-wool blankets with covered with fine quality sat-
flnished fabric in a very com- tor and gray mixtures — hand- * . . , . _ six-quart covered kettles — fancy borders of different col- een printed in beautiful de-
plete color assortment— one of some, serviceable— just the one thousand wool dusters— first quality— worth .0c each— org _i ong , so ft fiber— full of signs— filled with odorless
the handsomest of the new fabric for inexpensive dresses worth 3oc each— now l.ic now >:>c beauty and solid service— size laminated white cotton— hand-
Beason's weaves— value $1.25 a —37 inches wide— per yard.. .. _^...«. *^ __... ''Jjl'^£ 72xS2 Inches— weight 5^ lbs— some enough for a princess to
yard— now $1.OO 5Oc We ITIOVe SOOB1 TO OUT • neW STOTe. now ....94.«.1 snuggla under— each.... $S.OO
Makes Kot breakfast-breads wnolesome- — -no yeast germs, no alurrw
Makes cake, .biscuit and pastry of superior fineness, flavor and delicacy.
Makes food that will keep moist and sweet. Is most economical, because
it is the purest and greatest in leavening strength. In the easy, expedi-
tious preparation of the finer cakes and pastries appropriate to the
ftOYAl BAKiMG POWDER CO..' 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK. _