no_textno_textMcGulre— French fried": potatoes, is it?
Nlver! I have nayther th'_ money nor ln^
clination ter indoolge in impor-rted dellca
coosies!—Kansas City Independent.
"Cook says those folks in that little
house on the corner came over while we
were gone and • had ' their. . photographs
taken sitting -on our veranda."—Indian
apolis Journal. . •, - / ':{£***'£
NOT FOR HERN.
"Well, that -caps the climax."
"What's that?" . ? '
TO SEND AWAY.
: ; The Radical. Member— That's one reason
why I hate 'em so. What /business havo
they to set such an example ?—Indianap
olis. Press.; -. .
The Mild Anarchist— But you must bear
in mind that. kings work hard as anybody
nowadays. »':."•/.. • < •
¦--.¦¦ • iv ¦...,-¦.•.,¦ " ¦*.;f —,:¦•.'., •¦'..: . .",. .
,"I see jthat a' Washington druggist fried
an egg on the asphalt pavement In front
of his store on the recent record-breaking
hot day> there." . - - .
"Thank^ for letting. me down so easy."
"Whatido you mean?" ~
'.'I was' afraid you were going m to say
that he hatched it out."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer."* ¦-¦ . -':''' ¦,*¦•¦¦¦ .. V ..¦ -.; . • ; - ¦
| WHAT, . INDEED ?
"Well,',',; answered' the man who is too
•erious to be always sincere. "I hate to let
him have the last word; and neither of us
wants to be eo ungentlemanly as to fight.
So, if hej' will agree, I think we will get a
couple of i phonographs and each make a
record of what Is on his mind. Then we'll
set the machine so as to make it repeat,
start it fg-oing, .lock the , door, and - let the
talking match go on indefinitely,- while wo
attend to business."— Washington Star; \
DOUBTFUL^
"Have you aiiy intention of retaliating
for the harsh epithets uaed by that enemy
of yours?" . ¦ _- ; ;
Al MATTER .OF SOUND; ,>
The ladles present in large numbers
glared at him amazcdly.— Indianapolis
Press. i ; ¦•¦ ; •' ' '¦
CLUMSY. IDIOT.
.'."Woman." said the lecturer at the in
formal meeting, "in the East is only -a
domesticated animal."^ ; : . V ;*.-;'.
-.¦ "Well," | said the g foolish ." man "that
wanted to make a complaint, "she lacks
a lot of being a. domesticated animal
bere." • : .
"I took the hint and fled. Cards will be
out In a few. daya."— Detroit Free Press.
;•* 'FollowInK your instructions. Don't b<j
silly! Didn't you tell me to sit down on
Mr.. Blank when he called? Don't' I hear
mamma calling" you?"
V ..iTou're what?' I gasped.
**.'I am only following your Instructions,
papa,' she answered, without even looking
«P- ',' ' : ' -/--¦/::
' '\'y/h&t is themeanlnfr of this?' I de
manded, with the little breath I had left.
•,'Well, that night the young man made
bis usua| evening cull , and I cleared out
to give, my daughter a chance to carry
out her promise.; I waited an hour, and
then, as the young man showed no signs
of leaving, I entered . the drawing room
whore they were. The gas waa turned
down, but it was light enough for 'me to
discover that the young man was holding
my daughter on his lap. -
"I went duwntowit contrratulatlng my
f>«lf, for I really exported a scene, im my
girl has a will of her own and la not nt
all backward about •xprest*lr.K It. But.
when she promt!** to do a thliiR It is «s
good as settled and I chuckled to myself
when I thought of the reception that that
young man would meet with when he
called In the oveninc ' • ':•, ''"
•"That daughter of mine will be th«
death of me tome day," * declared the
4>ortly party with u chuckle. "There i.q*
tx-rn n yntif.ir man hanging around the
house for the |>ai*t elx moiithH nnd I was
growing tired uf It, for I didn't consider
that hr whk good enough for my- girl. Bo
yesterday 1 cuinmontd my daughter and
said: - .
" 'L'HiipliNT, will Hint young man be
here iiKHin to-night?'
." 'i vuppo.se ho.', she nnswered, looking
at me, out of'tlie cornEra of her eywi.
• "'Well,* when' he comes I wnnt you to
sit down oVrnlm.' .. -
" 'Very *«li, papa,' she answered de
murely. - . , ,-.,.,
A Dutiful Daughter.
He (who ha* traveled)-When in Rome
do- tho Romans or they'll do you.—Phila
delphia Press.
BETWEEN THE TWO.
"She said I might kiss her on either
cheek."
"What did you do?"
"I hesitated a long time between them."
-Life.
NOT THE KIND SII13 MEANT.
She— I think your friend Rickey la bo
very entertaining; he Is always making
such dry remarks.
Rickey's rival— Yes. One can't come
anywhere near him but it'n "Let's go take
tumetkliiK." — Richmond Dispatch.
She— What Is that old saw about "When
In Rome—"
"The Americans," observed the grand
Vizier, "are pressing their claims again!"
."Isn't it funny," exclaimed his Majesty
the Sultan, "that .with air their being
pressed bo much, these claims don't get
any smaller?" ¦
•Forthwith the proper functionary of the
Imperial household promulgated an irade,
or 'decree, calling _ for general laughter
throughout the empire.— Detroit Journal
ADAPTED.
N PRESSURE.
Colonel Cary (a gentleman farmer new
to the business)— My 'chickens don't seem
to be doing very well.
Shube Vincent— What de ye feed um on?
Colonel Cary-Why. nothing; I thought
the old hen guve milk enough
FAR BE IT FROM HER TO HINT.
Miss Dovey— Oh, Mr. Rhymer, I wish
you would tell. me how to write poetry.
Mr. Rhymer— Well, you get two words
that sound alike and put words between
them. 1 .For. instance, you could take the
word "this" and rhyme It with "bliss,"
Miss 'Dovey (archly)— But— wouldn't
"kiss" be a very good rhyme there?—Bal
timore American.
, CONCEIT OF MAN.
"We women, this psychologist says, re
member our dreams more vividly than
mon ' remember theirs."
\ "Of course, my dear. You know you
have us men to dream about."— Chicago
Record.
HARD TO BELIEVE.
He (returned from a tour around the
world)— Awfully ugly little beggars,' the
Japs. Why, I was considered quite a good
looking chap out there.
She (absently) — Really? — Tit
Bits. . •
AT A KANSAS SUMMER IlESORT.
Men are bo scarce that when they fall
asleep when out calling, the girls no
longer get mad, but sit and fan the sleep
er.— AUhlaon Ulobe.
LONG RANGE.
Colonel Cattrldge— I see by the. paper that England's most powerful ship has been
winn.ng another vict'ry up in the mountains above Pretoria. . " •¦'"• ¦••'
Lord Pertectiis— So far Inland? Aw— what ship? ;• -
Colonel Cattrldge— I reckon it's ther censorship. ... 1« ' ¦' •-
Rose— Tom asked me whether I was go*
ing to give him a kiss, or refuse and
oblige him to take it.
Uly— And what did you say?
Rose—I told him I guessed It was Hob*
«on'» choice.
WOULD GET IT 1SITHER WAY.
"What's on hand?" aaked the city edi«
tor. ,
"I am now going," said tho reporter
who had been assigned to a murder story,
"to write a great wrong."— Denver Times.
Farmer— Come, now, honor bright, do
you believe In the faith cure?
Granger— Believe In it? I should say I
do. I have an aunt who gets $5 a visit and 1
la making loads of money.— Boston Trui»
script.^ \ ¦ - . • #
¦WRITING A WRONO.
ANOTHER THEOLOGICAL PROBLEM
Parson— And so you have lost all your
marbles? Now, let that be a ksson to
you, for that's .what happens to all little
boys who play' marbles on Sunday.
Roy— Oh, does It? Well, how about tho
little bloke that's won "em?— Scraps.
OF COURSK UK BELIEVED.
. <; IIow do you Hktj your new quarters?"
asked the ¦ landlord pleasantly.
The new/tenant in tile modern apart"
ment,. house looked Jin? rooms over sadly
and '>'• rejoined :¦»;. (_'The.f«jy aren't
These are eighths."— Washington Star.
SIZING THEM UP.
"'Teacher— How, much in twice four?
Tommy , (the 'huckster's hod) — Mtm; er»
why.^er^r— !.' r . •'¦¦', "' - '*?',Y •¦¦
•Teacher— Well, try it this wqyJ How
much are. four jisaehes and foufipfeaches?
TbmrnyrrOh! that's about a half-peck. —
Philadelphia Press.' ,' ;
HAD WATCHED HIS FATHER,
"I took to drinking two quarts of milk
a'day and dpublr> locking my SmbUohouso
every night."— Chicago Tribune.
.."What diil tlit? fortune teller Bay was i:\
8tore. : ,fur yen?"
"She, said I was! threatened with a con
siderable loss of flesh."
"Well, what. did you do?"
NEGLECTING NO PRECAUTIONS!
KOUT12ALL NOT IN IT,
• Mrs. Pokeehr-n— Sn-yo'r husband mil on
old football player? I »'pos<> he has re
ceived a. eood.' many hard kt'ooks on de
gridiron. . , - • ¦• .
Mrs; iriazzpr hladrs— Wa-al. . ys»!s; l<ut
not so-many..' ns. I Imvc received from do
gridiron since 1 got married to liim. — -
Judge. • ;
"It- ¦!"»." Answered ., the phili-s >ph»>r.
"Some rrcnt ''kuccssm -'have h:ld very
small Ijeginnirj-'s, nnd t he man win thor
oughly fstPi-mR himseU <a» "b»W sur< % nt
having at least one b<>u<1 hustler In mi
interests." ' . ; ¦
"S*flf-estfem • is? n K'"»'at thlng-in 1 tlilx
life,'.', remarked the. man wlio is jilisposi^J
to be cynical.
A' START IN LIKE.
"Well, no, I, have no wltdi-to enii'lemr
your daughter's- practicing. It hna been
the direct -.cause '.of ray wife and -I taking
a "great deal of very fyeneficial f outdoor
exercise."— Cleveland Plain Dealer '
"I suppose you are greatly displeasoA
with- my daughter's pianoforte prar-tlcng!
It must annoy you dreadfully— the flat has
such thin walla." .
S A BLBSS1NG IN UISGU1SK.
NOT EC) MIGHTY. f
Guest (in hotel dlninpr-room)— Are you
the head Walter?
Feeder—No. I'm only the proprietor.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
-THE COUNTY PAIR."
2Borne people deem it policy
To think before they speak;
If some others did likewise
They'd be silent for a week.
—Chicago Dally News.
COULD NOT SCARE HIM
Young Lady — If you make another at
tempt to kiss me I shall cull my mother!
Admirer— Mlas Ella, I am not afraid;
your mother Is still a handsome and well
preserved widow.— Meggendorfer lilaetter.
ABOUT THE SIZE OF IT.
HARD ON HIM.
Youngwea—I say, old chap, what would you consider the hardest thing to learn
•bout a baby?
Cyntcus—Not talk about It.
TWO OF A KIND.
"She reminds me of Saturn."
"Why?"
"It is pretty hard to tell what her rings
are made of."
Bulk for Bulk— "But, your Majesty,"
feebly protested one of his confidential ad
viser*, "will not that be a large- province
to seize In retaliation for the murder of
one missionary?" Not at all," sternly an
swered Emperor William. "He was an
unusually large-sized missionary.—Chi
cago Tribune.
MATTER OP FACT.
~— — ¦ . i
Mrs. Floodyer— Oh, Mr. Batts, how I en-
Joyed your lovely volume of poems!
Ilatts — You're very kind. Indeed. , Do you
like the Alcaic meter? '
Mrs. Floodyer— Alcaic meter? Oh, I see.
You. want to' change the subject. Mod
esty's the crown of genius. But really I
can't say. Does it save much gas?—
Brooklyn Life.
HIT HIM ON THE NOSE.
Willie — Tommy James went and hit me
an awful crack with an apple.
Papa— On purpose?"
Willie— No, on the nose.— Tit-Bits.
HEARD IN THE PARK.
"What are you crying for. my little
man?"
"Because you are sitting on my tart."—
The King.
glie — of course you have heard of the
theory that Bacon wrote Shakespeare's
plays? " Cholly— Aw— yes— aw— the idea is
that Shakespeare was Bacon's nom de
plume. La k not?— Puck.
"Yck," replied the Cook-and-Policeman
Joke, "as dead as yon are.' Of course,
we are liable to be resurrected ut any mo
ment."
Two old Jokes met In the next world.
•Well, well," said the Mother-in-law
Joke, "art- you dead at last?" ¦ r
NO REPOSE FOR THEM.
"No; that's a new $6-a-week clerk. The
short, quiet little man is. the general man
ager." — Philadelphia Press. \
"Gracious!" exclaimed the great mer
chant's friend, "your establishment Is
simply stupendous. That tail, imposing
looking man In that group yonder is the
general manager or something, I sup
pose?"
INVARIABLY SO.
May— Indeed! Why?
Ada— Well, I believe he omitted to say
that he was the happiest man In the
world.— Brooklyn Life.
Ada— Yes, she accepted him Monday
night, but broke off the engagement al
most Immediately. . -
"Henry, I wiah you wouldn't He down
on those sofa cushions.' Your clothes
ure dusty and they smell of tobacco."
"Indeed, Oenevieve? What are thesa
sofa cushions for, may 1 ask?"
"You know very well. Fido sleeps on
them. ¦
INEXCUSABLE.
RESERVED.
Brown— Well, I've observed that he al
ways wakes with a start just as the min
ister Is finishing his sermon.— Philadelphia
Press.
Towne— There's one thing I've noticed
about Downe; he has a habit of jumping
at conclusions. Haven't you noticed it?
CORROBORATIVE TESTIMONY.
They had just got married and were
starting on their honeymoon." The bride
had grot the man she loved, and she didn't
care who saw her put her head on his
shoulder. The bridegroom had got a farm
with his wife, and If he wanted to squeeze
her hand or feed her with sweets, whose
business was it? A little old man sat op
posite the couple, and he looked at them
so often that the 'young husband finally
explained:
"We've just got married." f v
"I knowed It. all the time." chuckled the
other. ,,- -
"And we can't help if, you know." ,
"No, you can't; I'll .be blowed If you
can."
"I presume It all seems very silly to an
old man like you?" : .
"Does It? docs it?" cackled the old fel
| low. "Well. I can tell you' It does not,
then. I've been there three times over,
and now I'm on my way to marry a
fourth. Silly? Why, children, It's para
dise boiled down!"— London Answers.
SAME OLD STOKY.
"Here, my son, 1 played when an Innocent child. How vividly these scenes re
call my youthful days! And hero conns Jenkins, good, honest soul, whom I haven't
seen since ho was a boy,' Nharir.jj our childish sports! Well, well, Jenkins, you
I'aven't forgotten the chum of your early days?"
"Ah* if'lonij with you." broke In the po
liceman, disgustedly. "He didn't have
more'n twenty In all. that I know."—
Harper's Magazine for September.
The boy hesitated and scanned her face
as If he were measuring the girl more
than he was his loss. "Dere wuz twenty
Jolnala." he said, speaking slowly and his
eyes watching her as a cat m«ght a
mouse, "an'— an' — twenty Wollds — an'— an 1
—an' thirty Suns— an'— an! thirty. Tele
grams — en'— an* — " He drew a fresh
breath.' rs If needing strencth. shot an ap
pivhcnslv*; glance at the roundsman and
went on hurriedly In a lower voice. "An'
thirty-five Posts—" -
"Youse didn't let de udder newsies
•wipe dera, did youse?" the lad appealed,
Anxiously.
"I'll pay you for every one you lost,"
said she. "How many did you have?"
The look of hope and pride faded out of
the hoy's face. -"Ise oin't pluyln' In no
sorter luck deso dnys." hi* nlghed. Sud
denly tho expression of alarm reappeared
In his 'face.- "Where's me papes?"
"They're all right. Don't you work
yourself' up over them." snld the rounds
man, heartily.
"No, you ain't In no nmhulancc," spoke
up tho officer. "You're In this young
lady^s cnrrlnge.V
"Do horspltal!" exclaimed the little
chap, hla eyes brightening. "Is I In de
rntller?" ¦
"The what?" naked Constance.
"De rattler," repented the questioner;
"de ding-dong."
"I ain't tnkln' you to the station house,"
denied the officer, coloring and looking
sideways at his companion.
"You were run over and we are carry-
Inn you to where a doctor can set> how
much you are hurt," said the girl, gently.
The eyes of tho boy turned to hers, and
the facn lost some of its fright nnd lui«
plcjoti. "Is dat on da luvcl?" he asked,
nfter a moment's scrutiny. "Youse oin't
rutiiiln' me In?"
"No," answered Mis* Durnnt. "We are
taklni? you to tho hospital."
In a Carriage.
"flay." ho moaned, "I didn't do nutitn'
dls time, nonfat."
"Lands, I 'forgot all about his going
down," from the lady of the house, "but
his last bill was highway robbery anyhow,
and that's worse than burglary."— Dctrol*
Free Press. ' •
Tho policeman led the way. The woman
of the house had a hatchet, the old lad/
was armed wilh a flatiron and the police
man had a gun in his hand as he raised
the trapdoor with the other. :Up the steep,
narrow steps came a man with a lantern
and a uniform: H»- was mad for keeps
and roaring. forth'hla word that somebody
would pay for his Imprisonment. "Flecn in
there an hour, 1 ' he announced. "Case «f
false Imprisonment If there ever, was one.
Bolted the door Just after 1 went down.
But don't you fcrgct that I'll get satisfac
tion."
"Man that reads the meters," sneered
the policeman.
"Came mighty near hitting him," trem
bled the old lady.
"Well, sir, ycu can Just .guess again.
Didn't 1 say there wns a burglar In the
cellar? Hasn't he been pounding, swear
ing nnd yelling t6 get out? I've got him
trapped. Come on. If you arc not afraid."
"Burglar," In high notes, "burglar in tha'
cellar. Wonder that you got here at all.
If you can't run faster than that why
don't, you walk or send for tha wagon?
Burglar In the cellar, I said. 7 .
. "D-*-I guess not," from the policeman,
"not In broad daylight."
Otio wiry little woman of 70, gritty as
h1i<> wan venerable, beat the corpulent po
liceman to the scene of trouble. "What In
it?" they Inquired In d'scordant chorus.
When It In whooped up In thfs stylo
along the upper section of Cans avenue
from a front porch in the middle of tho
afternoon It Is paralyzing, blood-curdling
nnd generally terrific There w»is n groat
rwnhliu; forth of women. .They held their
ilrcKM'H In the best position for running,
leaned eagerly forward, nuked what It
could nirnn and wondered.
"Hell)! Help! .Police! Merciful good
n«\ss, wtiore is that policeman f*
WORSE THAN BURGLARY.
AI-TKU MANY VKAJtfl.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
•;\-.,1 Him TAKEN THE MEDICINK. TOO.
Customer—I wish you'd give me a ccpy of the prescription you filled for me las
week.
Drugclst—I'll have to give you the original.
Customer—Wliv? .'
DruKBlst—Well, to tell you the truth. 1 can't read It
Mr. Jenkins— Not much. Bill! An' I ain't fergot thet jest afore you moved away
you slnppt-d my hot off Into the creek, like thet, an' — —
kicked me 'cause I wouldn't Jump In after It. You was a mean little cum, an*
I've waited forty year for this 'ere chance ter git even!
Johnnle^-£o that's the kind of boy you was; and only yesterday you licked mo fer
sayin' darn it.. If you don't want this to get out. Jest promise me a new bicycle
right hert! I ' , . ¦ ?
3along the table, each with a face of de
termined investigation behind it, tno
owner intent upon the examination of
minute seedlets. leaves, roots or flowers.
Some are onpapred In gardening with small
tm spades among wooden boxes oi plant
lets in the sunshine by the windows. With
magnifying glasses, long needle-like in
struments for hanfllir>s: and other botan
ical apparatus, they pry persistently into
the srerers of Mother Xature and drn£
ihem forth one by one for comment auu
dissertation. Out in the conservator/
others of the class work witn glass and
notebook amons; tho growing plants an-!
flowers.- Here also may be found mem
bers of the entomology and zoology class
seated upon the, stone edge of the fish!
and th"y lounge and frolic in the yards,
but they are ir.ost lr.torestir.gly manifest
in the experimental laboratories.
At the rows of lcr.gr :nblcs in the chem
ical department thov work together in
groups, mixing components Into strange
compounds, consulting their textbooks
and playing at being druggist*. In the
wjne nprons of blue <!i-n!n cloth, with long
braids banging down behind, they move
aliout quietly and with the seriousness of
s-apef=. Here and there bursts forth a
mlr.lature explosion and rainbow-colorad
fiamr* ieaj) upward from a caldron In the
midst of an Interested experimental bevy.
Hasin« .-^!:k«--]ookirg bottles and long.
graceful giaf :- tubes cover the tables in ap
parent confusion ar.d industrious gas
: Indented nostrils-show, meanness, wide
nostrils a spendthrift. A tip jutting out
far from the face Is a token of vulgarity,
refinement being the possession of ; the
owners of noses that do not stand out far :
at the end. An aquiline bend' denotes '
Since pigs were introduced Into the- Xew
Hebrides the natives, It is said, have
come to regard human food as second
best, - .
Golf S has infected every European liv
ing. In .the, city of Singapore. There are
two golf clubs, and the members are very
enthusiastic . . . .
-scrles-on 162 days, leaving only one day
in the 365 on which no photograph of tha
sun w*s secured. These photographs aro
taken for the purpose of keeping a record
of sun spots. During the. past year a
steady decline In the number arid area of
the spots was observable, this bein* a-
sun spot rear.
In the year ending May 10. 1300. photo
graphs of the sun were taken at Green
wich on 1S> days, according to the last re
port of that observatory. For the year
1M9 photographs were selected for meas
urement and preservation at Greenwich
on =02 days, and photographs from India
and MaurlUus-fillinff up gaps In tha
firmness of will and sense of justice; the
long, narrow bridge proclaims a fastidi
ous, self-sufficient, yet often tender na
ture. All the active qualities—combative
ness, eagerness, passionate temper, power
of hatred, jealousy, ambition— go with the
more common type of Roman nose. The
Greek form, on Hhe contrary, tells of artls
tic capabilities and . love of Inanimate
beauty.— Stray Stories.
In some Oriental climes the natives who
find "themselves unable to sleep by natural
means prevail upon their friends to ad
minister to them Very sound ." floggings
with bamboo canes. The pain thus sus
tained is supposed by the natives in ques
tion to Induce a sensation of drowsiness,
followed by sleep. All the same, there
are few Insomnia patients in this country
who wouM resort' to so drastic a measure
for curing their complaint. ;
Very peculiar was tho following: A mid
dle-aged engineer who had lived for many
years close to the beach of a seaside
town had grown so accustomed to the
lullaby of the f waves that when business
took him to Manchester, where* he was
.thenceforward compelled to live,' he foun<!
that tne'nbsence of the sea murmurs rob
bed him of sleep. He therefore fitted up
In his bedchamber an apparatus which
was bo constructed that the sound of the
waves as they, broke upon the shore was
most cleverly imitated. Aided by this fic
titious appliance the engineer was ena
bled to sleep perfectly, and the apparatus
continued in constant use until the* day of
bis death, some ' years'"; later.
Somewhat similar to the device of this
worthy was tho plan of a Parisian mer
chant whese enly remedy for sleeplessness
was the insertion beneath his pillow of a
iachet of lavender, tHe smell of which,
he declared, would send him to sleep in
less than five minutes.
eqnai station m life." said a prominent'
shoe dealer and manufacturer.
"Let a country born and bred woman
who wears a Xo. 3 B shoe come to the
city to live and I'll bet a pair of French
heeled opera clipper against. a pair of
brogar.s that inside of six months she will
be wearing a Xo. 3* C. and that before
the end of two years*, or say three years.
she will be glad to get Into a Xo. S B.
"Asphalt and cut stone pavements are
responsible for this peculiarity, just as
they aro responsible for the increased
sensitiveness and enlarged growth of a
horse's feet. The feet of the thorough
bred that has never cantered over any
thing save the yielding sod of a stock
farm or the soil of the race course show a
marked difference after the same horse
has been driven several years over the
hard" city streets. Were it not for the
skill of the veterinarians and the adjust
ment of rubber pads about the tender por
tions of the hoofs they would often be
obliged to suffer excruciating pain.
"A a 'i^SL s Pii yi^y^s earth Is the only.
neaters roil Incessantly under stewpans
*>f learnt d concoctions. With sleeves
rolled to the elbows the pirls stoop over
tkeir^work. testing the truth of textbook
formulas and demonstrating for them-
Bclvey the strange 'behavior of uncongenial
elements thrown together. All chatter
and BCfcoolsbi gossip is left behind with
the luncheon hour in the school garden
and the bright facos grow serious v.ith
the dignity of class argument as they
muster their mental forces und delve into
the xnysterlos cf chetnjstry. soft dainty
fingers fearlessly handling dangerous ex-
par.d enclosure. Inquisitively follcrwlng the
movements of fishes, small bugs and flic?. I
The zoological laboratory proper is a
small museum of the dismembered bones
of animals and preserved animal life.
Cool, scientific fingers daintily turn over
dried- bones and take up tke preserved re
mains of great spiders and ugly bugs.
SOME ODD WAYS OF
WOOING SLEEP.
3I.KEI*. O gentle neep, how havo I
frighted thec?" asks the distracted
king in Shakespeare's play of "Hen
ry IV." and It Is a question which
thousands of wesry mortals both before
and after tha; sovereign's time have been
In the habit of framing, though no answer
has bi>eu forthcoming. That several in
genious persons have, however, solved the
problem of inducing sleep the following
peculiar methods of counteracting ir.scm
r.t* will, saj-a Tit-Cits, clearly demon
llis Imperial -Majesty the Shah of Persia
was a martyr to insomnia for a long time
until, in a happy moment of inspiration.
cne of tha court physicians hit upon the
rxtraordinary notion of patting the auto
crat on the arms and b»ck until sleep
weighed down his eyelids. So ndmlrable
was this specific found to be that it wa«
immediately adopted by the Shah, and It
Is stated that the suit* which accompa
nied him to Europe contained among oth
er functionaries two "patters." whose sol©
occupation took the form of helping to
send their master into the realms of the
drowsy Morpheus. .
At the Paris Exhibition thore is shown
the model of a cave once occupied by a
famous Greek brigand, who was in the
haLit cf being sent to sleep by the drop
ping of pieces of gold from the roof of
the cave on a carpet beneath. The gold
thus dropped : represented some of the
booty that he had acquired from passing
travelers, and s»o dear had the Rqund of
coin become to him that nothing but its
chink upon the grcund would soothe his
eyelids to sleep. Of all queer methods of
Inducing drowsiness, the foregoing would
certainly seem to be the queerest.
A gentleman who resided for many yeara
in the town of Worcester was unable to
drop off to sleep unles half 'a dozen
peaches were placed under his pillow, as
he averred that the perfume of the fruit
brought with, it a certain degree of drowsi
ness.
Too much cannot be said In favor of
the custom of running barefoot and this
applies to yound and old alike. Every
bo,:v. no matter how old. should exercisa
at least aif hour a day without either sho*
or stocking on the foot and I actuallv pity
the. boy or girl who is not compelled to
run barefoot at least during the hottest
months of the year. If mothers could
but understand how important this is to
kL " tUTe bwuty : and welfa ™ of their
children's feet the custom -would never
n~ S ° taboo * d - No foot will
«er attain its possibilities In beauty that
s bound ui> in hot weather twelve months
on . Tf" An absoI «ely Perfect foot
on an adult Is something that Is neve?
seen In a shoe-wearing country."
"The woman who would have a small,
neat foot, or who wishes her children to
have such a foot, will always choose a
shoe whose sole Is very thick, but at tha
same time soft. This acts as a foil
against the hardness of the surface un
derneath.
"Much of the evil effect of city pave
ments upon the human foot can be neu
tralized by care and attention. Tha
woman who has justtmoved to town wants
to tear in mind that she must In time
wear a larger shoe, and that it Is well
to attain to Xo. 4 or 5 gradually and not
cling to the old number until her feet ara
almost mined.
"In the feet of a woman who has al
ways lived in the country the muscles are
soft and supple, while the same muscles
in the feet of the city woman are firm and
hard. The reason of this is that when
tho city woman walks those muscles are
brought into what you might call gymnas
tic exercises with the hard pavement as
each step Is taken. With the hardening
of the mu?c!es there also is a gradual en
larseznent of the entire foot.
natural thing for man and beast to tread
upon, both man and beast must suffer
more or less when an artificial substance
is substituted. ' Men's feet are just as
much affected by the transition from
country to city life as women's, only they
don't notice It, as very few men know or
care what site of shoe they v;ear.
fearful and wonderful patchwork qnflt*
and knitted laces. Girls may dabble ta
their heart's content In all the science]
under the sun, and that they do so with
much enjoyment is very manifest at tha
Girls" High School, with Its excellently
fitted laboratories.
Er is a fact not generally known thai
the feet of city women average all the
way from one to three sizes larger
than the feet of country women of
CITY AND COUNTRY
WOMEN'S FEET.
lect. of the sort who believe firmly In the
.limitations of the feminine brain, would
do well to visit the Girls' High School
there to observe the readiness with which
quick young minds grasp suggestions and
the eagerness with which their quick com
prehension follows learned logic.
I and planets and suns are set to revolving
I around, each other in a masterly^ntyle. £j
I And it Is all done by girls. Advocates
I of the suppression of the feminine int*d :
The day of crochet lamp mats la gone.
No longer la. the most important part of
a young woman's education the learning
of Intricate stitches for the creation, u
with no thought of horror or anything
other than tho purpose of study.
The class In physics, comprising some
thirty girls. Is a very earnest and a very
busy one. Electricity la everywhere;
small steam engine apparatus and con
trivances for taking captive the forces of
nature lie about upon th* tables: small
volcanoes are in operation: mimic ty
phoons and trade wlnd§ are, turned loose,
T:j!i:ilK are c5rl« ana girls. At the
«;it!s' High School, corner of Scott
and Geary strepls. they may be
found In Infinite variety— studious
girlc. plrls who are not .ptudious, mla
chlevous, rollicking p!rl:! and girls who
are neither, both ar.d all. There are four
hundred of them. TWv march In order
ji«d bUcucg through »ho liaJls: they sv/nrm
juid cha'.ur like hjuspics In the corridors.
plosives end clever, clear-brained heads
directing experiments to verify or dis
prove tho wisdom of professors.
In the botany rooms are moro long
tables and ' more serious girls. True
enough, there la an occasional suppressed
giggle and eyes may be seen to twinkle
over books whoso dry facts supgest no
humor— but that Is the proof of the school
pirl. Mounted microscopes are ranged
THE GIRLS CHEMIST AND BOTANIST OF THE HIGH SCHOOLText not availableHoax— So May Marryat and Mr. Plod
der are still no more than engaged? 1
had expected to hear of their union before
this. Joax— Well, I believe the only ob
stacle lies In the fact that Plodder doesn't
get union wages.— Philadelphia Record.
young Munnlman?
Sally Gay— Because he is such a good
catch, I presume.
Dolly Swift— Why are so many of the
girls fairly throwing themselves at
"It is woman's privilege to change he*>
mind," said the Sweet Young Thing.
"From what I know of the critter it is
her duty," said the Savage Bachelor, and
the glare he got from the newly married
boarders kept him in good humor all the
rtst of the day.— Indianapolis Press.
DEAD OUT.
not to say anything to embarrass her
while I was here, and I haven't dared
open my mouth.— Smart Set.
THE SAVAGE DACUKLOfc.
WUlle Blimson— Well, mother told me
Mrs. Hlgblower— How quiet your llttlu
boy Is, Mrs. Sllmson! Really a model
youth. ;"". r;''.::': : './'
Thirteenth Floor Tenant— Sandy, what
are you laughing about? •
Elevator Boy— I've sot such a good jok»
on Mr. Btriblln;* He says to me a while
ago, "Sandy," he says, "don't you know
what floor to put me off at, ye infernal
Irish idiot!" An' I'm Scotch— haw! haw!—
Chicago Tribune.
NECESSARY 8ILENCSL
- SURE.
Priteflghting and yachting are getting to be very much alike nowadays.
"In what way?"
"It's a mere matter of wind, you know."
PERSONA NON GRATA.
SANDY'S GOOD JOKE.
"No," itald Bronco Bob, "Crimson Gulch
hasn't any theater. \ You see, we are a
peaceable set, and we don't want any
trouble If we can avoid It. A magician
came along, and we had to treat him so
rough that it -spoiled our taste for the
drama." •
"Did he make himself disagreeable?"
"Very. He did a lot of those sleight-of
hand tricks with cards and then tried to
sit Into a friend)y poker game."— Wash-
ington Star.
HER NEW HAT.
The picture of Innocence! That's how she
. looked,
But there was a price on her head.
All the people could see It— "Three seven
ty-nine.
Reduced from $5," It ie*d.
OF COURSB
— Philadelphia Press.
UP-TO-DATE.
"Where did you Sunday, old man?"
"I didn't Sunday; I Babbathed."
"Eh?"
"Went to church morning and evening."
—Detroit Journal.
No man proposes to remain single.
When he proposes he expects to get mar.
rled.— Philadelphia Record.
"What are you looking so slum about,
Dorus? The reviewers all praised your
last book, didn't they?" "Yea; but not
one of them raid it was 'a story of in
tense human interest.' "—Chicago Trib
une.
"Yes." she said. "I'm so glad TO y daugh
ter has married a man of affairs. It re
lievos me of so much anxiety as to her
futun-. you know." • ¦ . "
"Does it?" the other woman replied. l
knew he had live or six of them at the
seashore during the summer, but I didn't
suppose he went ' around boasting about
his affairs— or perhaps you think merely
that he has tired himself out?"— Chicago
Times-Herald.. '
HAD OBSERVED ANGELS.
Impecunious Ixner— Be mine, Amanda,
and you will be treated like an angel.
•Wealthy Maiden— Yes, I suppose so.
Nothing to eat and less to wear. No,
thank you— London Tit-Bits.
; Charitable Old Lady— Poor woman! And
are you a widow? Beggar— Worse thun a
widow; ma'am. Me husband's living, an'
I have to support»him.— Glasgow Evening
Times, i >¦¦:;".? -w/:'.
. There is a little settlement of New
Hampshire people la Klowa County. Colo
rado. Among other things/they brought
with them the New Hampshire aversion
to using any more words in conversation
than- are absolutely necessary. Two of
them" met on the road recently and In
dulged'in the following? dialogue:
"Mornln". Si."
"Mornin'. Josh." .
."What'd you filve your horse for Dots r
"Turp* 11 *' 08 *" ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦
"Mcrnln'."
"Mornin'." '
A few days later the men met again,
nnd here's the way a hard-luck story
was told in mighty few words:
"MorninY Si." •
"Mornln*. Jo«h."
"What'd you say you gave your horse
for bots?": ;
"Turpentine." ;. : . .,
, "Killed mine."
¦"Mine, too.'' •
"Mornin'.". i
"Mornin'."— New "York Tribune.
OLD GRKEN-EYKD AGAIN.
*NEW ENGLAND ECONOMY.
P Constance" E.—Do you "think 'you can get my husband acquitted?
Lawyer— Pear not; madam..! . . ,'. ¦ *¦»; '
Constance E. — Why,~ everybody, knows my husband!
lawyer— That Is Just the trouble. " )."
TO THE RESCUE. ' i
, , i ,, , .•. • ...
The room was on fire and at the window
stood a fair and .lovely creature. Frantic
with horror.- he 'pushed through the peo
ple and culled' upon ;the firemen to save
.her =¦" ;"• '•'•¦:;i; : - . .'..
"Stand back!" roared a policeman, forc
ing him back into the crowd again. VC;
"Stand back." ; snouted the njan, "and
see a lovely creature- perish before my
•eyes!" - j",-£.y >. .*, ' " j ,">;-.
To his disgust, the crowd gazed on In
apathy. ,-, '.,.' - v * •:
"Wretches!" he shrieked, pointing to the
poor lady at the - window, "are you
blind?" V- .
And- with a mad rush, he had rushed up
the stairs, had seized the lady around the
waist and had borne her to the, outer air
In a few seconds.* • - -,'.*,
Ilia agitation and the heat caused him to
nearly faint, but he had just enough
to place her in I the arms ; of n
policeman amid the shouts of the crowd.
.But. good gracious!. What was that?
Did. his ears deceive -him? Instead of a
great cheer for him, a tremendous roar
of laughter greeted the heroic act!
He glanced at the lady he had rescued
from a fiery fate,* and the reason of their
mirth was at once apparent, and amid
the, laughter of the unsympathetic crow-J
he fled. .
He had rescued. the milliner's dummy. —
London Answers. ,. ?..
AN ORGANIC TROUBLE ANYWAY.
..."My . poetry," said the bard who was
not satisfied with the way in which the
world was being run. "always comes from
the heart." .
"Oh." replied the lady who was inclined
to take a cheerful view of things, "I
somehow got to supposing that it came
from your liver." — Chicago Times-Herald.
INCURABLE.
Doctor (to a new patient)— Well, my
£ood man. what's the trouble?
Patient (angrily)— Sir, I am an Alder
man!
Doctor — Really? Well, I cannot do any
thing for that. J:
The Whalebacks.
"(losh. Mlrandy, haow unoonsarnod
them people up at th' city air," exoUlmed
Reuben to his better half when he rot
bark on the farm after a day spent In De
troit. <!*
"IVjou knaow things happen there thrtt
hir real big an* they don't think nothln*
of It. Why. I was daown to th' river
whare ull th« boats wuz an" I seen the
durndest thing a-comln* up th' stream.
They win three of 'em tied together nn'
I couldn't tell what they wui to onct.
Hut blnie-by they got closer and I seen
I lift it win some big boats that wuz clean
upside down an 1 their bottoms wux a
nilckln' tip instead of their right ends. I
h«mm» 'P'n Hist an* I know th^y wante:l
help so 1 yelled out to a policeman there
an' told him ubout It, but he said I wuz
nutty hii' walked away, while nil th' oth
ers araound th' docks was a-laughln' at
me.
" 'Don't ye see them boats la upside
dauun.' I se» to 'em indignantlike. 'Per
haps they la some one drowned on 'em.
W'y don't ye bo over an', help 'em?'
"Hut they laughed all th' more. One
man he come up to me nil perlite an' says
to me 'at they wuz only whalebacks. But
I knowed ho wui a liar fer all his aol
emnllke face. 'Vv^cvj'J
. " 'Whalebacka,' sex I. Ty ye can't fool
ol' Kuuben like thet. I know thet they
ain't no whales In th' Detroit Klver.'
"An* what d'you think, Mlrandy? Them
durncd city folkaea Jest let them upsidc
daoun boats float on up th ¥ lake, an' no
body did a thine for 'em. Never Been slch
an uneonsarned lot o' people in ray life."
—Detroit Free Press.
Brushe— Who la that solemn-looking in
dividual? Penn— That's Graves, l.t writes
patent medicine ads. A clever chap
ho is. too. He clin describe a disease so
that the healthiest man alive will think
he has got It;— Tlt-Blts.
BUSINESS INSTINCT.
"He made his money out of oil wells."
A PARADOX.
"No, wonder, th»n, he's such a bore." '.
It is a curious fact that most of tho
people In the "smart set" are continually
doing and saying the stupidest things im
aginable.
"Miss Newrich has a tremendous
amount, of assurance." "Well, rather;
her father was a dealer In old brass." —
Plttfiburg Dispatch.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Eirphar.t-^KH'W.ijy! I have eucn n cold in my trunk!
JJunkoy-TIicn v.ii.v <\vn'\. you pui sointtMiiK on your chest?
6- REASON FOR IT.
The Skeptic—And you always pray In
full faith of receiving what you ask for?
Tho Deacon— Always.
The, Skeptic — Hut 1 have known you to
ask for things you didn't get
The Deacon— Oh, that was because it
was not best that I should have them.
The Skeptic— I see. Sort of heads I win,
tails you lose affair.— Boston Transcript.
CERTAINLY WKj.L INFORMED.
"Is the correspondent of that publican
tlon a well-lnfuruied man?"
"1 should ray no," wan the answer.
"Half the time he's the only person In the
world who knows whether what he tells
:a true or not."— Washington Star.
A woman who will not forgive a man
for forgetting ht-r will alinont love him for
ttrivlnt," to forget her, tor bhe knows that
in thi* in the essence of reinembraacG**^
Life.
CERTAINLY.
"It seems funny to hear you admit you
ever hutl stage fright." said the iirst
nlghter. "Jt was at the beginning of your
career, of course. 1 ;
"No," replied the great actor. "It waa
during my last AVoBtern tour, Tho man
appeared at the stage door so suddenly
und flashed hla revolver bo expertly the
shock marly killed us passengers. "—
(Standard and Times.
FUIGHTENED ONCE. '
¦¦ He— Some > tunes quite . carry me 4 avray.
She— Only tell me one and I' will play it
with great pleasure. % • !
Mrs.'. A.— That .woman next- door ¦went
and pot a hat exactly like mine. Mrs. B.—
Did" you make a fuss about It? Mrs. A.—
No; I gave mine to the cook. \
"My mother-in-law- has gone to the
mountaln8.""You;look pleased." ; "Yes;
she'll have to admit she has found some
thing that she can't -walk over."—Indian
apolis Journal. .':,„: - - ] j
Shopwalker— She complains that you did
not show her common civility. Shopgirl—
I showed her everything , In "jny. depart*
ment, sir. " ( . i .
HELPING HIM OUT.
Graphter— Hang it! I left my. pocketbook
home, and I. haven't a penny in xny
clothes. Say, lend "me a flyer, will you?
I'll return it" to-morrow. '.' ¦ •.; | *{
Phoxy— I'll do better. Here's a nickel;
you can go home and', get t ' your pocket
book."— Philadelphia Press. _', . : i
VS r ARMLY APPRECIATED.
"See the melting: sunset!" exclaimed the
poetic youngVoman. "See how the crya
tal tints seem to be stolen from the raln-
Ih)w' mist and hung boldjy over the moun
tain like banners of beauty, only to fade,
alas! with the dying daylight!" V 1 -
"I beg J your pardon,", said the young:
man with close-cut hair, ."but would yon
mind saying all that again?" * ¦ ¦ ¦ -- ¦¦'.¦¦: ¦ .:
"Do you think it so very-pretty?"
"l!should say so! I'm going to write It
down. 'Melting sunset.' 'crystal , tints,'
•rainbow mist,' 'dying daylight 1 — they're
great! You see, I'm . going to run an
'American bar* In Europe and I've been
puzzled almost to death trying to think
up new names for mixed drlnks."-r-Wash
ington Star.
THE ONE HE WORE.
Hodge— I've a suit of clothes for every
day In the week.
Podge (suspiciously)— T never Bee you
wear any but the. one you have on now.
Hodge (cheerfully)— That's the suit.—
Town Topics. "'
NOT CONCERNED.
"Aren't you afraid people will laugh at
your mode of dress?" -
"No,", answered the shirt waist man.
"Anytody who fa-willing, to make. himself
warm laugbrn'ff this kind of weather
hosn't judRment enouglj to make his opin
ion worth oonsiderlng."- .
"Aitiw? I rut a i'leun »hirt waist on
him and In five minutes lie makes It look
as if ir<> bad worn it a vicek."—Ind.unap
oliK Join nr.l. ~7< '
"Your Charlie scens to be n:i active llt
ile f'Muw, Mrai Dobbs."
A 1.KJMTN1NC, DISSTflOYER.'
Bn»wne— We were 'talking 'of cantrlbut
fnc to the canu>aisn fun«l and I'hoxy clu
clared lm'd gladly put his hand In his
pocket.
Towiio— Yes. a-s a measure of precaution,
po none pfi the committee gets tfieirs in.—
Philadelphia Press.
WHAT HE MEANT.
"Your latest novel seems very dry,".Haid
ihe reader of the publishing house' to the
young h tt risinar author.
"1 was pretty Kure you would say that."
rejoined the autTior. If you
will count (hem you will find the heroine
werpi real lonrs on JuFt .23. pages of my
story."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Will, le's see. Yon might make It a
dim f'- sj<"dvviih. »<a f a coid ihlcken an'
u (juurt of beer. If y«»u don't feel like the
trouble of wrappin' »1> them things In iho
l'.-ij-er. jes' Rimme the r>rlto an' I'll temi
to It meself."— Indianapolis Press. ¦ i
l.TTKRARY IRRIGATION
"Suy." «r*ld the man with the hubo up
penrance, "could you put 'something in
tho pai er for me?"
"What U It?" asked trui easiest man
on ih« force. \
FUNK MOVEMENT,
TurpiiOf to tho F«lo3man she ordered
half 11 dozen eggs, gravely handed hlrn
the 8 cents asked In payment and went
homo; prattling away about the worth oJ
economy In marketing und the alleged
wUUnfrn**s of dealers to gouge the un-
Kiir.porting customer. And to this day.shu
does iiot know that her husband and hi*
friends laughed over It at tho club.—Bal
timore Sun.
Sho drugged her reluctant husband after
her from ana stand to another, still In
quiring the price of egfc" und always re
(flvliifj the same answer, until near the
upper «>nd of the market. Here she found
a (.cii'iT who offered to sell her egg* In
any quantity for 16 cents. To her hus
liiiml 5 he raid Joyously:
•There. I told you su. >Vhy, those oth
ers wpio robbers."
Arriving ut tho market, she made sev
<rai purch'aveai and then at one stall In
quired tin) price of eggs.
"What!" Bhe eiclaimed, "1C cents a
doiert? ;>i>, indeed, that it too high."
Tim corporation official, with much
lAURtttor, ue<?d to tenno hlB better half
nlmiit wlmt he culled her "«tlnglne«*." So
one tkiy, feeling hurt at bis ridicule, she
icMdlvcd td inkf him to inarltet with her
and (IruKitiBtrute beyond a doubt ttint »he
was a most economical buyer. He con
sciilrd, stipulating that ho wax not to bo
asked to curry the. basket.
Fho wid the wife of nn olllolnl of a Bt.
I'nul street corporation. Her on« pet hob
liy was economy, Though her husband
Dindo an lX£C]len( rnilary, she was rigid
In her rulrs pertaining to the buying of
tho in ct'HRnrtcH for th#i houwfhold.
Oho would haunt bargain counters mid
market ntalls for hours In order to K*>t
the benefit of it reduction of a few cent*
on tlK' article desired. .
TRUE ECONOMY
TIFTC SUNDAY CALL..
HIS BUSINESS,
Judge Scarem—What Is your trade?
j'rlnuiuT (who wiis caught In a gambling house raid)—I'm a locksmith.
jiulj-, —wtuit were yuu doing In thin- when the police entered?
Prisoner—I was making a bolt for the door.
AUTUMN.
RIGHT IN HIS LINE.
Tramp—I'm an artist's model.
Kind i-ndy—What would an artist uatryou for?
Tramp—For a study In'still life.
7T1IK SUNDAY HALT*.
8drawn, 2000 times the cost of the ticket.
. Ten' spots corresponding with numbers
drawn; 4000 times the cost. of the ticket.
Deducting in each case,' of course, the
commission of the selling agent.
' "Another* form of playing is with what i*
known as the "way ticket." a great favor
ite with white ; players,' as they, can risk
more money' at once 'arid" 1 hope for pro
portionately.larger winnings. - The ticket
used I is the same ¦ and the winning is de
cided * by the same drawing as all of tho
others. It is, merely In marking that "the
difference", liesi : This : is .'done .'¦ by ; marking
the K spots ¦ in 1 ; groups of; five and drawing
a line '• around ¦* each bunch, -. separating: ' 1 1 ;
from the : others.' •: Any two of \ these sets ;
maybe taken j as a ten-spot ticket and
each* one 'may; be counted as many, times
as there are, different gToups with (which
to bunch .it,; Just ' as the ¦fifteen combina-
which Illustrates the winning numbers,
It will be seen that he has secured seven
spots which correspond with the original
numbers drawn— that is, the spots a3. dl,
c!3, 62, c9, (¦«. g3 and g3. According to
the table following it will bo found that
the seven spot (tsat tlmV will win a prlzo
of two hundred times the amount of v tha
purchase price of the ticket, Ies3 11 per
cent for the agent's commission. \
These are the . prizes paid for various
numbers of spots secured - on - an: eighty
character ticket with •; twenty winning
numbers on which the player has selected
ten spots. -- - '.
If the marked ticket of the player have:
One < spot corresponding . with numbers
drawn, nothing.
Two spots corresponding^ with numbers
drawn, nothing. ,-.'"'.
Three spots corresponding with numbers
drawn, nothing. •
, Four spots corresponding. with numbers
drawn, nothing. . ;••
Five spots corresponding, with numbers
drawn, twice the cost of. the ticket. "
: Six spots corresponding with numbers
drawn,. 20 times the cost of the ticket. ,U
Seven spots with numbers
drawn, 200 times the cost of ,the ; ticket. ,;¦*.
. Eight spots corresponding. with numbers.
drawn, 1000 times the cost Of the ticket. -
¦ Nine spots corresponding: with numbers'
«ions In cribbage are made. The illustra
tion. • figure four, shows how this way
ticket may be marked for three sets o£
five, the equivalent of three straight ten
spot tickets in coat and winning power.
The number of combinations may be in
creased until every spot on the ticket Is
played ana the price of it when so ar
ranged may run as high as $120 for tho
single bit of paper,, with fabulous wealth
' as a possible result of good luck.
Twenty, twenty-five, or any multiple of
five up to eighty spots, gives a possibility
of fourteen different combinations and
each may be played for any amount from
; 5 cents up to $1 per bunch.
As if these were not enough complica
tions, there is Vthe king-spot ticket," the
kau tim chi, the shap yat tim chi and
,the high-low. s each cf which may be
played in as many combinations aa the
way ticket, and all decided by the same
drawing.
The total number of combinations pos
sible on a ileket is 1.OJ8.5TG. Taking that
number therefora as the unit or base from
which to work, the chances are:
32 to 1 that the player cannot get Ore out
of ten.
512 to 1 that he cannot get six out of ten.
40% to 1 that he cannot get seven out of
ten.
32.7C3 to 1 that he cannot get eight out of
ten.
131.072 to 1 that he cannot get nine out of
ten.
1,015,576 to 1 that he cannot get ten out of
ten. .- ¦<: ,J
The tickets would be priced for tho /nil
lot at $104,857. If sold for 10 cents each.
The prizes paid would be:
1 ten-spot. MOO $400
8 nine-spots. $200 1,600
32 eight-spots, $100 3,200
256 seven-spots. $20 5.120
2,048 six-spots. $2 4,096
32,455 five-spots, 20 cents 6,491
Total $20,907
The total of $104,857 would b« received.
$20,907 paid out, leaving a profit of $83,950.
No wonder the lottery men keep up a fat
corruption fund to down their nickel-ln
the-slot enemy, when it's always a sura
case for the player, **You looaum."-
e9, c6 and &3. In comparing with figure 2,
ashamed to lake the money.
While the slot machine is simple vmd
automatic in its rtperation, the Chinese
lottery is a puzzle and a study about
which those thoughtful people have writ
ten volumes.
The ticket itself Is simple enough—mere
ly eighty characters printed -on one sldo
of a square i>lece of paper. - The words
which the characters . represent" are lm
. material to the play and consist sorr.e
. times of poetry and occasionally of lucky
astrological symbols, but always arranged
in lines and. columns. They" are. printed
fronv wooden' blocks on thin bamboo pa
per, and as but one in a million of them
ever draws over" sixteen dollars in ordi
nary play, -there is little chance of their
being counterfeited.
Each ticket bears at its head the name
of the company which issues it. The main
portion Is divided into eighty square
spaces, of which forty are above and for-
ty are below a central dividing band of
Chinese characters. In each of the spaces
is a smaller word sign.
To' explain the manner in .which the lot
tery is operated, the Chinese characters
on the ticket may be disregarded and the
squares designated by letters for the hori
zontal lines and .figures for the vertical
¦ columns. ] • • . . ,
When a drawing Is. to. be decided each'
one of the eighty characters is cut out
or otherwise obtained and. folded and roll
ed Into a little pellet.* These eighty, pel
lets are thrown into an urn from whlea
they are taken out one at a time and
dropped successively In rotatlon'into four
small jars, numbered from one to four, un
til the eighty have been distributed, twen
ty in each Jar.
Another operator prepares four pellets,
each carrying a number of one of the
jars. These four pellets are then cast Into
a basin of such shape that they. are con
cealed from view.
A third man then draws one pellet and
the Jar which bears its number , contains
the twenty winning spots. The remaining
Jars are then removed, the pellets in' the
chosen-jar unrolled, the characters read
one by one and marked on the ticket as
shown in figure 2, giving clO, dlO, a9, a8.
c8, c7, b5, d4. a3. d3. d2, e9, e7, g7, e6, : g4,
h4, f3. g3 and h3 as the winning spots.
The standard method of ¦ playing Is the
straight ten : spot ticket (snap tim chi).
The purchaser desiring to play this se
lects any ten spots which he chooses and
marks them on the ticket in the presence
of the agent. The price may be from one
cent to one' dollar, the prizes not being
fixed sums, but fixed multiples of the
amount of the purchase price.
Figure 3 illustrates the manner In which
a straight ten-spot ticket Is marked. The
spaces Indicated as having been selected
by the player are a5, a4,d4. a3, d3, d2, dl.
The first hundred dollars' worth of tick
ets would produce twenty dollars* worth
of prizes. Thi« last lonely golden eagle, if
reinvested in tickets, would fly away for
ever and the silver lining to the cloud
of sorrow caused thereby would be four*
silver dollars, which would drop to eighty
cents, and total despair would come at
tho ten-cent mark, which would buy one
last ticket. Total time required to harvest
this crop of wisdom, four days. -
AH of these losses are computed without
including the agent's 11 per cent commis
sion for cashing prizes, which works. right
along on strictly mathematical lines, not
taking any chance, but hard cash every
But the Chinese hand-labor lotteries are
being rapidly- driven out of business by
the machine-made gambols of the auto
matic nickel-in-the-slot machines, which,
unlike the old lotteries, make a draw
ing "while you wait," ¦ pay . on sight and
ewallow nickels like . a lixard licking up
flies, until the owners really ought to be
Cr to try yet another method of win
ning a fortune without work: If you start
ed with a hundred dollars and put it all
into tickets, this is the rapid manner In
which the nve shining twenties would
travel toward the small end of the horn;
To put in in another way: If you bought
all of the tickets issued by any one lot
tery and won all prizes they would
pmount to but one-fifth of the cost of the
tickets.
Thus do chance? become certainties, and
the. pork-fed manipulator of the "day
time" and "night time" lotteries lets the
lottery player take the chances while he
takes the cash by arranging the prizes and
blanks in such manner as to never pay
back as premiums more than one-fifth of
the total receipts. '
China lotteries are. as figured according
to the doctrine of chances, a law which
is In the long run as certain as that of
gravity. It goes on this plan— that if you
flip a dollar a million times, or rather, eay
flip a dime— It would be less work— by the
doctrine cf chances, everything else being
equal. It will conie half a milion times
heads and half a million times tails: or.
rather, it would be within a few hundred
times of that number, but close enough to
re' ure the variation to a very small per
rentage. '•".:¦¦¦
First it's the lottery man's turn. Th.en
it's his turn again, and then the players*
turn doesn't come for a lonp time; about
100.000 times usually, if any one ever had
the jtatience to make that many trials.
"You loosum" Is all the information to
be got by the purchaser of a ticket when
he inquires from the ocher-faced vender
what returns his Investment has made. So
often does this answer come that the hag
gard lopk of hope defcr-ed becomes a fix
ture on the face of the lottery player as
it is on that of the "mudhen" that haunts
the stockbrokers' alleys.
I'ainted-faee women appear at the wic-k
ets as the ostensible cause of all of this
watch and ward against the innocently
curious.
Doors block the alleys which lead to the
buildings.
Insolent special police bull}' and hurt's
a way strangers from the entrance.
*p? >. association nas been . formed
/Lj\ among the China lottery men fcr
U » the purpose of raising a fund to
be used In suppressing Kamblinp;
by machinery, which threatens ruin to
them.
At the first meeting there was much ob
jection to the proposed assessment, and
some cf the numbers railed for informa
tion as to the nature of the "devil ma
chine"' with which they proposed to go to
var.
Any or.e would suppose that Chinese lot
tery dealers, of all others, would know
about tb* gaming mechanisms, but' by
reason cf their prevailing belief that our
inventions are merely delusions pro
duced by black magic, they pay but lit
tle attention to those marvels, and never
express surprise or even curiosity con
cerning them.
For the benefit of those Chinese who
had been too much wrapped in their own
tffalrs to study their meehanlAl com
petitor, L,im Hop, one of the promoters of
the association and a member of the Wing
Tal Lottery Company, explained the
working of it in the following manner:
"The White Devils' five-cent lottery ma
chine stands with its belly full of nickels,
its mouth open for more coins and its
head full of thinking wheels.
"All that the wheels think is 'Make
money; make money:* They never get
tired and never mistake unJcs-s the ma
chinery inside gets sick; then it some
times throws out all of its money.
"When a man wants to play machine
lottery he gives a nickel to or.e of the
mouths, the machine swallows it. and
then it3 wheels begin to turn around and
think whether they will give the man a
prize.
"The machine has a very smart mind.
and most of the times It thinks it will
kr-ep the money.
"That gives the own^r much profit and
the machine much gladness, so that some
times it sings a little sorg cf praise and
joyfulncss on Its music vhee! when the
money drops in its beily.
"Then it ovens its mouth for mere r.!ck.
els.
"Sometimes It sives a present, but al->,
(rays in nickels, which cr.n be again drop
ped into its open mouths. So in the end
it gets all. and yet ihe mouths stand open
for mere." *
Tho association of lottery companies will
raiike a hard fight for their business. It
J.as been a mint for them, as the chances
arc l\\ their way. for it's 30 to 1 that you
pet r.othlng y in the "China lottery." If
you do cet anything it is S) to 1 again
that you enly get 20 cents, which is no
prize, for who would run around to cash
a piece of paper for the fifth part of a
dollar?
To suve trouble the slightly fortunate
winner usually takes another ticket in
lieu of the cash, and with it dawns the
faint hope of I chance in 1,048,576 of get
ting a skinny capital prize of HOO—pro
vided, of course, that the man who runs
the lottery does not keep that for him
f*?lf.
Whether he does or not, no buyer of the
iittle bamboo peper tickets ever knows;
for the drawings of the lotteries from
( which Big JIra and Little Pete coined
I Their money take place in the deepest se
er ecy.
In faraway corridors of gloomy build
ingF. where the warning elgn of the slam
ming door precedes the coming of a
stranger, the lottery ha* hidden its head
T here no one but its agents can find it.
WHAT
ARE
YOUR
CHANCES
OF WINNING
IN THE
CHINESE
LOTTERYthrowlr.* their bodies overboard. The
man at the wheel was served in like fash
ion.
According to the histories, our pirate
citizens came to Sulu Island from Bor
neo at: about the same time ' Spain took
possession of Luzon. They were Malays
by birth and Mohammedans in religion.
They very quickly dominated the' Sulu
group and Mindanao, for they, were 'as
aggressive and capable as tho old Vikings.
When the Spaniard undertook the task
of subduing the Sulu Islands by the meth
ods that had been successful in the West
The Malays had undertaken the work
of capturing the ship at the change of
the watch. As the two mates chatted for
a moment the two went to them, com
plaining of illness. • But as soon as they
were within reach they stabbed both
mates to death. Then they made a clash
at the eailors, only one of whom made a
fight. Two sailors were killed as they ran
and two wounded, the man who fought
seriously though not fatally. One of the
sailors ran aloft and one hid in a store
room in a deckhouso, where the carpenter
slept. The Malays took these men,' one
at a time, and killed them in cold blood,
. -j- . , . . .
Then the captain went out on deck.. He
found most cf the crew had barricaded
themselves in the forecastle. Bringing
them out. he armed thvm and started a
rran hunt, but before It had well begun
smoke began pouring out of an open
hatch. The Malay had fired the cargo,
and a minute later he came en deck, i ran
to tho rail and over he went. ''''¦¦ :/-/y
Suridsy" morr.lng. Cntll Monday morning
Captain Clarke was beeleged In his state
room, during which time he mannged to
ehoot one of the Malays through the foot,
but old not disable him. On Monday
morning Captain Clarke was driven t>y
thirst to th»> bathroom, where he found
a sailer In hldin/t. Him he armed with a
revolver ar.d stat'cued him at Hie for
ward cabin Ooor. through which there
was a peep-hole. Then he found nnd arm
ed Iil3 Chira-se steward; whom he sta
tioned at a window. He lilmsclf wont to
the s-krlleht. A little later the China
man got a rhot that drove a Malay within
ran<je of the sailor, who sent a bullet
through the fellow's Ijrcnst. Staggering
to the rail, he plunge-J overboard.
They have always . made their own
weapons, ; smelting the- native ores' wlt.i
charcoal fires and refining the metal ua-
In their piratical forays these Sulus
have always been. Vikings— they invaria
bly went afloat in, long, sharp, dug-out
canoW, which were kept upright In a sea
way by means cf a bamboo outrigger on
each side. They had no less' than 200 of
these craft in 1S42, that ranged from twen
ty to thirty tons in burden, each of which
was manned with from forty to fifty men.
The number decreased from year to year
thereafter. They used both sails and pad
dles; the- latter having ' diamond-shaped
blades. A cross section of one of these
huge dug-outs was very nearly an equi
lateral triangle, the two sides representing
the bottom' being slightly rounded. The
breadth across the outriggers was' about
eleht rimes the beam of the-canoe. The
speed of the boat, whether under sail or
paddle, was tremendous when the water
was smooth enough. .>
For weapon's afloat they had swords,
knives,* : spears and hatchets, but the
sword arid knife were used most, the fa
vorite above all being the kris— a two
edged blade that is bent to the form of a
running serpent." the most devilish weapon
known to the human race.
* - • -- .
Ish power there. Then the Government
gent a new ruler— one of the Weyler sort
to replace him, with the result that the
pirates .within a few months killed him
and almost his entire force. . A Malay
chief literally split his skull open down to
his teeth In the presence of all the Span
ish .troops, and at that signal the chief's
followers, armed with knives only, routed
and slaughtered all the Spanish troops
save a lucky few who escaped by flight
and stealth.
The Malays, whether resident there or
coming from the islands to the west, aro
not the only pirates that have infested the
Philippine, group. The Chinese, until very
recently, were capable and daring sea rov
ers, who did not hesitate to sweep through
the Philippine group in search of prey.
As long ago as 1S0G an Englishman who
was taken by them and lived. to tell his
experiences found that the pirates had no
less than 600 different ships with guns
ranging up to eighteen-pounders— some of
them had batteries as good as those of an
English frigate. The fleet was then com
manded by Woo Che-tslng. Afterward a
woman was the pirato commodore. These
freebooters swept the whole region, but
one does riot need to go back so far as
that- to read of the depredations of the
Chinese pirates who .uaed 'the Philippine
group as well as their own coast. In the
the pirates were as* numerous In those
open* seas as bumboatmen In the ports, as
the owners of the Boston ship Celestial
learned. ?.'.}'*
But the Chinamen, even when not nu
merous, were never dreaded as were our
Maiavs of Sulu. ¦ For the Chinaman with
trhaer control, nuvmg these, and such
small steamers as those captured by
Deweyat Cavlte in hand, the Spaniards
forbade the Sulus to go afloat without
first obtaining a special permit from a
Spanish Governor, and to get that it was
necessary for the Sulus to go off with the
Spanish flag flying, -without arms and in
boats that were riot manned for a fight.
Every Sulu boat found at sea was shot
to pieces unless it had a -written permit
and complied with these regulations. By
no less stringent measures than these
could the pirates be held in check.
As the captain's fool reached the floor
he slipped in a pool of his own blood,
when the Malay " him in the left
side ar.d gave the knife a twist that open
ed up the flesh until the lung protruded.
Nevertheless, the captain managed to
strike back with his fist, and, luckilv,
knocked the Malay across the cabin, land
ing hlai with a bang against the further
bulkhead, this way the captain was
eble to retreat to his stateroom, where he
had some revolvers, and the Malay ran on
deck.
The fcght bc^an just after midnight on
Not a word way saM. but as the captain
mounted the stairs the Malay began
swiftly tlirupting the knife at him. The
captcin saw at once that it was a mur
derous attack, and fought bark with his
clenched tlrt. vrardins off the knife with
h!s left aim ay best he could in the nar
row space. But the Malay was in deadly
earnest, ar.d closing: down on the captain,
cut him, In ekull-decp furrows across the
head and face, and slashed his shoulder*,
driving him back to tho cabin floor.
Jum; :i:k from his berth. Captain Clarke
ran to the fuot of the companionway an J
flartcd to go on deck, but at that moment
the Malay. Y. Sierra, appeared, .and tho
next -instant Captain Ciarke caw by the
etarlight a knife g!camir.(? in his hand.
"Captatla Clarke! Captain Clarke!"
At 12 o'clock that night Captain Clarke
v.-as awakened from a found slee:» by
hearing hi* second mate. William Davis.
crying in a voice of aj;ony:
On October 31. 1SS3. th* Tha;er sailed
for Now York. She hrd 19.7M bales of the
hemp, worth S^CS.OCiO. 'n her hold. STJutll
January 2. 1SSG, the vcyr.ge was unevent
ful. The ship w\ir then TOO miles south
cost of the iular.d of St. Helena, and with
a fair win<5. was making a fine run for
A* satlirs. Captain Clarke fosnd them
pood enough. They oouM not understand
much of the English language, but they
were excefflir.g',y strong for their size
Obey were no more than five feet fi\-»
inches tail) and they were active as
monkeys aloft. When they did not under
stand an order anot'.wr member of the
crew who talked Spanish translated It to
them.
The month of August, lSSTt. found the
Thayer leaving Shanghai for Manila. Cap
tain Clarke had his wife and a daughter 6
year? old on board. Thtro was a crew of
twerty-cne Trer. liefore the mast. The'
chip had been chartered to carry a cargo
of Philippine hemp (of which manila rope
If made) to New York. V.n route a man
<5ie<3 and another was engaged at Manila
to take his place. But before the ship
sailed this new man deserted, taking an
other with him. and then in place of the
two Captain Clarke shipped two natives
cf the Mar.ds. T^hey said their names
were Y. Sierra and II. Augusts. Captain
Clarke- purposed they were fithcrwf n be
longir.? to the Jf'.and of Luzon, though of
tlie Malay race. As- a matter of fact they
were subjects cf th^ Sultan of Su'.u. who
is new erjoyirg a salary paid by Uncle
Earn
The ship was the Frank ...Thayer. an<l
Captain Robert Iv. C'.arl.e was her muster.
She »as built by Currier cf Newburyport.
Mass., in 1S78. She was 2_ K ) feet long, reg
istered 1T1<2 tor? ar.<l was ownei by Thayer
& Lincoln. She wns a typical Yankee
ship— there were few if any better wooden
vessels pflcat !n her day.
pirates, a number of her crew were
murdered, the balance were sent adrift in
an op.>n boat and the "ship herself, v.ith
her cargo of Manila fiber, v'as burned to
the water's edge. It y.a* by no means the
last act of the darc-iSovil pirates of Uncle
gain's newly acquired domain, but 5t was
one of the most notable in history of
American corr.rr.trce. and the siory of it
will Kive a right Rood ICen of tfce charac
ter of the inhabitants of several i"'a:icis
of the Philippine group, notably Sulu and
Mindanao.
o T i? MV a little more than fifteen
j! year* since a Bpleoflld Amr-rica:i sh:p
ii w;is captured fcy Philippine Island
Copyright. 1000, by S. S. McCiure Ccrnpany.
enough. Now take out the Jars and. • fill
them to overflowing with boiling water,
screw on the tops or seal and Invert on the
table for five minutes or so .to .be.Vu.ce
they are tight. If any of the. Jars.'leAjt
take off the tops, fill again with water
to make sure they are full, then try*
new rubber and seal and screw down. «w
before.
When the water in the boiler has come ta
a boil the small fruit is generally ' cooked
Refer to your "table" and see how much
sugar Is required for, say, six quarts of
the canned berries. Put In a granite pan
and melt— as with the larger fruit— using
Just enough boiling water to dissolve tha
sugar. When It has become a syrup di
vide It equally among the six jars.- Fill
each to within an inch of the rim with
lukewarm water. Place the jars then into
a boiler of water In the same manner
as the other Jars were treated, only re
membering that berries do not require so
much cooking.
The less handling the better for all small
fruit, so It Is well to put berries directly
into the Jars as the fruit la picked over,
thus avoiding any unnecessary crushing.
Of course, use only the tested Jars. When
the fruit is cooked and ready to sea! is
a bad time to discover that the jar la not
airtight.
Small fruit should be looked over care
fully and every overripe or crushed berry
thrown aside. In buying the fruit for can
ning avoid those boxes In which the ber
ries are compactly settled. They hAve
been too long picked and generally, as a
consequence, are too ripe for canning.
Just as you arrange the fruit in the Jara
for boiling, so it will appear when served
on the table later. An ambitious house
keeper can display great skill In the fill
ing of the Jars if she cares to take tha
pains that placing the fruit demands.
With peaches, for example, the pits can
be so arranged that in showing through
the jars they form a pleasing decoration.
In peeling pineapples be particular to
take out .ill the "eyes,' *or the fruit will
look specked. T>o not slice a pineapple
for canning, but with a silver fork tear
the fruit from the core in small pieces.
Quinces are so large that they can bet
ter if quartered. The peeling and cores
should be saved and utilized in making
jelly.
The Bartlett pear is perhaps the most
satisfactory kind for canning. Many leave
the seeds In, in order to get their spe
cial flavor; the same with the pits of the
peaches.
Except In the case of strawberries, se
lect the largest fruit; It should also be
firm and sound. Pare peachts, cut them
In half and pit them, then throw them
into a pan of cold water to await being
put Into the Jars— the water will keep them
from discoloring meanwhile. All larsa
fruit should be treated in this way.
For every quart of quinces, twelve
ounces of sugar; whole sour pears, ten;
peaches, six; Dartlett pears, eight: pine
apples, eight; plums, ten; Siberian crab
apples, ten; cherries, eight; whortleber
ries, six; raspberries, six; strawberries,
ten, and ripe currants, ten ounces.
A successful rule to follow for tho
o mount of sugar to be used to each quart
jar of fruit Is as follows:
It is a good plan to test the fruit at the
' end of the ten minutes by taking off Hie
. cover and piercing the top layer with a
.fork. If It Is still hard it requires more
boiling. When done lift each Jar out and
fill it to overflowing with boiling water;
- then give the final fastening and place :hs
\ jar .inverted on the table. If it -does not
. leak it ~ Is ready to set away far winter
.use. ': - . - ', , .¦ _.. t
When the fruit has Become quite cool
the tops of every jar should again ba
tightened. A dry. cool place, away from
the light, should be selected as their win
ter quarters, and care must be taken that
they are not handled until taken down for
table use. Fermentation often follows a
shaking of a jar of fruit.
Now. take a cemmon wash boiler and
put in the bottom of It a board wide
enough to support the jars of fruit. Set
the jara on in a row. or rows* if the board
Is wide enough, and fill the boiler with
water as warm as you can hold your han<2
In. Let the water come to within an inch
of the top of the jars.
Put the boiler over the fire tad let the
fruit boil about ten minutes — or until
done. Do not allow the water to boil too
fast; the gradual heating of the jars pre
vents their breaking.
E'XCLUDING all air from fruit Is the
. secret of success in canning. Uuy
glass Jars with tops that clasp or
screw tightly down. Every one of
the jars should be thoroughly tested be
fore attempting to use them.
Clean well, fill with water, screw on the
tops. Turn them upside down, and leave
for five minutes,' in order to prove that
they are' air tight and will not leak. Some
times when the water oozes out It la be
cause the rubber ring i» defective — a new
one'wtll often- make matters all right.
Fruit In jars is much more attractive if
canned whole, but canning the fruit so l\
one of-the difficult features of the work.
Fill the tested jars with the fruit. If you
use large fruit like quinces or pears, pack
them tightly— small fruit should not b*
crowded. ,'
Melt in a granite saucepan the required
.amount of sugar with Just enough boiling
water to dissolve it. After cooling a lit
tle, divide it up equally among the Jars,
pouring it on the fruit, a spoonful at a
time. This will not fill the jars, so pour In
enough lukewarm, water to bring the con
tents a!mcst up to the rim. Put on the
top. but do not screw Jown. for in boil
ing the fruU. the steam must be permitte-i
to escape or the jars will burst.
Hints About
Preserving Fruit.
Indies, they found these Malays of a very
different 'mettle. The Malays not only de
feated every Spanish force sent to them,
but with every monsoon they sent their,
great rowboats, that they handled with
"Viking skill and courage, to devastate the
Spanish-held coasts. >,."••.
No fiercer pirates than these ever went
afloat, because bloodshed was a part of
their religion. • No man could be a chief
among them till he had lopped off the
heads of sixty unbelievers. The Spanish
men who wero captured were always
killed, the women were j sent to the ha
rems, and the young children were en
slaved. Not until breech-loading and rap
id-firing weapons came Into use did the
Spanish get even a foothold In the Sulu
irchipelago. General Arolas, a Republican,
was sent there some time In trie eighties
by the Monarchists, who expected him to
die, but he lived and established tho.Span-
til. in spite of crude processes and cruder
tools, they produced ...most - excellent
blades. The Sulu pirate readily cuts clear
through an ordinary human body at one
blow, and he more easily, splits head and
neck to the shoulders. - v ' s \
The difficulty of taming these' wild men
will be understood when -their religion Is*
considered. Their hatred of Christians Is
cultivated from their, earliest youth, and
the surest road to their heaven Is, In their
belief, to die while killing the hated unbe
lievers. Then. too. they are utterly with
out mercy. A man has been very often
known to cut off a slave's head merely to
try the quality of a'.new sword. Our wild
Apaches at their worst were but children
in comparison with the more enlightened
but devilish Sulu pirates.
As already intimated, it was the rap'd
flre gun that first brought these pirates
his Junks had something of the resem
blance of a war squadron. . His attacks
were like an open battle. Our Malaya
were not so. In flotillas of six or eight
praus they lay In wait until they saw a
ship that was becalmed, when they swift
ly paddled to her, swarmed over her sides
with their knives In their teeth and then,
with their faces distorted to add to the
terror of their assault, they relentlessly
cut'the life out of every man they found.
The Chinese were Indeed brutal fighters,
but the Sulus of our new possessions were
and are fanatical assassins. We shall need
to sei>d them Governors who combine
something of the herpetologist with tb.8
ability. to enforce an Iron discipline.
PIRATES IN THE PHILIPPINES
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
Captain Clarke was at last once more
master of his ship, but It was too late to
save her. He could only get out his boats.
fill them with supplies and head .away for
St. Helena, where, however, ho fortunate
ly" arrived safely. It was : plainly a love
of blood only that had started these Ma
lays on their raid. *-¦ * : * ¦-"Do we catch them all that way? Oh,
no. When we have a large order to fill
we turn off the water through the gates,
and fish them out of tho mud. That Is the
way v;e do, too, when we want to put the
little frogs into the big ponds. You know
a frog meets with remarkable changes
during his natural life. He begins as an
egg and hatches out .is a fish, then he has
to be a polliwog. or tadpole, before he
gets grown up and turns into a frog. It
Is interesting ro watch them develop and
change. At first, when he is a tadpole,
he has gills and only breathes water, then
he loses his gills and breathes air, pop
ping up out of the water every few min
utes to get a fresh supply. During the
part of his career he swims and
' Boulls with his tail, but soon the poor fel-
his net all afternoon, but never a frog.
Every time he tossed his net there would
be a leap and a splash, and we should
not have had our dinner at all if he had
not bech helped. At.' 5 o'clock we took his
task from. him, while he. sat on the bank
and fanned himself with his hat. When
we had' landed a half dozen cr so In a
half hour his respect for us was unbound
ed, and we could never Induce him to try
his luck again. Ke didn't understand
how to throw the net. •
Besides frog raising Miss Stege carries
on other industries. In the inclosure of
fivja acres about the beautiful old resi
dence there are a number of* long, low
houses, built for the growing mushrooms,
and flowers from the Stege conservatory
are much sought after by florists. A cor
ner of the farm Is reserved for the culti
vation of Belgian hares, and the beauti
fully kept grounds surrounding It all give
evidence of the thrift and business ability
of the woman who unassisted is at the
Underneath a dripping water faucet two
old croakers were idling away their time
in the shade of a small shrub. The pho
tographer focused his camera, but the dig
nity of the pair was evidently offended.
Two great green bodies leaped in the air.
trailing a long, crocked pair of legs after
them, and it required the united efforts
of all present to head them off at the
water's edge. Finally Miss Stege gath
ered them up In her* apron and when all
was ready dropped them under the fau
cet, where a snapshot caught them In
their bewilderment.
ponds are very old. the average life of
a frog being twelve years, barring' acci
dentyand death under the butcherknife.
and some of the original stock imported
still remain in the ponds.
The mistrcrs cf the frog farm is more
export than any of her assistants at
catching frocrs. and whenever a rush
orcer ecnes in it is she who superintends
the filling of it. Clad in short skirts and
jumper o* blue tier. '.in cloth, her feet in
high tor> ru":Vo: boots, she takes her
place with her net In the fror.t of the
use me ngnt to caszie tnem, and it makes
them a little stupid about jumping. They
come to the tcp to see what the light is
about, and then it Is all off with Mr.
Froggle. He Is served up In a dalnty
poulot ,irnt day fcr sonic swell lady's' din
ner."
irogs," was the explanation, "ir you try
to dip under him with the r.et us you
would a fish, -he. will leap out and away
from your net. You have to pop the net
down over him and when he Jumps ho will
leap into it."
At another pond we found the boat used
for catching the frogs. Nailed fast to. the
bow of it there was a lantern with a
large reflector. Our hoste'ss pointed it out
with her dip net.
"You see." said she, "that is the way
we catch them at night. I think it is real
ly easier then than In the day time. We
boat, and witn ner own nanfls throws the
ne; and hauls in the game.
"It' looks simple,"' she laughed, "but you
should see beginners trying to ' catch
frogs. There was a portly gentleman, a
caterer from the city, over here some time
ago. He suggested that we have a frog
leg dinner, and I told him all right, if he
would catch the frogs. It was about 1
o'clock In the afternoon. He started off
with the dip net and a pair 'of rubber
boots. , We sat here in : the garden and
watched him. In the boiling sun the poor
fellow steered the boat about and threw
low has no tall, at ail, auu unr tu icaru iu
use the funny little legs that begin to
grow on him. Before he has quit being a
tadpole, and when he Is not yet a frog, he
is a comical fellow. He has some tail, a
great deal of hind legs, and two lunny
little sprouting front legs. A bullfrog
tadpole is a peculiar creature indeed at
this stase. of his life." . •
There were perpendicular walls sur
rounding each of the ponds, for the pur
pose ef fencing in the . nomadic croak»rs.
Half way 'up the walls frogs were
struggling to get over, and where an oar
from the boat 1 had been left leaning
against the fence a monstrous frog sat
blinking his eyes In the sun.' Slipping up
from behind Miss Stege grabbed him and
. held him securely.
"Another leap and he would, have been
at large," said she. "You should have
seen them before we put jp '. the walls.
They were all over. One morning we were'
called about daylight by the gardener.
'Oh," Miss Stege, come here, the -frogs are
all out of the ponds and are taking 'the
place by storm. Please get up quick!* I
dressed hurriedly, and ran out to find the
grounds . alive with , frogs, a hopping,
nit or similarity, nut ras ready to ac
cept her word for it. It was my impres
sion that what she didn't know about
frogs would not fill a very large volume.
"Don't they keep you awake at night?"
I asked, thinking^ of some country
choruses I had heard. She laughed.
"People ask such funny questions.'* she
said. "Why no! The rort of frog on-?
eats has not much to say at night, and
we never notice them when they do.
These big ' fellows roar in different key«i
and the little ones squeak away, but I
never was disturbed by them yet. Some
one who was over here recently went
away and said that frogs followed me
about over the grounds and hopped after
me wherever I went. That Is absurd.
Why, when I go where people know who
I am they have all taken to looking m
me queerly, as if they thought I had a
dozen pet frogs concealed about my per
son and a few. more trailing after me. I
¦would have you know that my rrogs ar«j
all well behaved and domestic by nature."
The product of the Stege froggery ar9
bred from stock imported some eight
years ago from Florida and the Eastern
States. Some of the Inhabitants of the
head of it all. With the spring comes
very busy times at the farm. It Is then
that ten thousand little frogs are coming
out of their tadpole existence, to be
guarded from the cannibalistic tendencies
cf hungry old stock frogs Just waking up
from a winter's sleep In the mud, and
numberless beds of sleepy little mush
rooms begin to burst inquiringly Into the
world, and It is then that the brisk,
clever little business woman who markets
them all dons her short skirt costume and
her rubber boots to go about and see to
her awakening business. Just now the
daughter of the house of Stege is taking
a much needed rest, strolling about In the
beautiful grounds of the old home where
ihe was born and keeping a businesslika
eye upon her possessions. Independence!
among womenls not always lovely to look
upon, but ot such independence as -this
America may be justly proud. So thought
I fas the whistle of the train called U3 to
the station, and we left her with her Qva
tail-wagging dogs at her garden gate.
NAN BYXBEE.
¦ ? ¦
The total number of women . over 13
years old employed In the factories and
workshops of the British Islands is about
500.0GO, of whom 11 per cent belong to
trade unions. ...
TEN thousand frogs and a woman!
That is what may be found at the
Stege ranch, fourteen miles from San
Francisco. The frogs are the prod
uct and stock in trade oX the frog farm,
and the woman is Miss Edith Stese. owner
and proprietor.
California Is said to have more women
engaged In masculine occupations than
any other section of the United States. It
Is certain that nowhere Is there a more
novel occupation or more successful one
than that pursued by the daughter of the
house of Stege at the beautiful old Stcge
home among the weeping willows.
We had heard and we went to sec. Down
the long lane that leads to the station
there came a procession of dogs-a mon
strous St. Bernard, a frisking little Scotch
collie, two snub-nosed little pugs and a
wobbling fox terrier-all with wagging
tails and a welcome. At the gate we met
their mistress. After much coaxing the
little Southern lady's instincts of hospi
tality got the better of her dread of pub
licity and we were Invited in.
"Want to see my frogs?" she queried.
freeing her skirts from the St. Bernard.
"AH right, I will let you do that Come
down to the ponds. Go away. Juno!"
The ponds were under the weeping wll-
Iowb— four of them, smooth and moss
covered, with here and there a black
point lifted out of the green surface. The
black points were the noses of frogs, and
frogs sat on the bank, frogs leaped off
the walla, frogs splashed Into the waU*
. Walking out en a plank that reached
across part of the pond, she tucked up her
skirts, poised the dip net and waited un
til the frog arose to the surface. Then
there was a dexterous fling of the net,
and a leap into the air, but the leap land
ed him in the net. whence he was extract
ed and thrown back Into his own prem
ises.
"You see it Is Quite an art, catching
"Dear me! How did that fellow get In
here?" exclaimed Miss Stege, as she went
after h:m with her net. "You see. they
will climb over the walls, and ono frog
like that in the tadpole pond can play
havoc with the baby wlggletalls. Watch
a moment, and maybe I can catch him.
There he Is. over there."
With her long dip net the mistress ot the
frog farm reached out and raked away
the green lichens from the surface of tho
pond. There was a scurry and a. thou
sand little tails wiggled away in every
direction. There, was ,i splash near by, as
an immense frog jumped in after them.
"Here is where v.-c keep the little fel
low?." she explained. "You know, little
frorr.T havo a great many enemies— fish,
hawks, snakes, cranes and other things,
to cay nothing of small boys, and the big
frogs eat the. little one?— they arc the
worst cannib'als in the animal kingdom.
It Is in the tadpole stage that the frog
has the hardest struggle for existence.
Wo hatch them out in a pond to them
selves and keep them there until they
'turn into frogs, but they are horrible lit
tle creatures and they will lunch off each
other's tails If there Isn't any other food
h.indy."
Bre-ke-ke-Uex-koax-koax. That was the
sound lhat came through the hanging
branches of the willows, and it was fol-
IoavccI by answer? from direc
tions, here and there a hoarse bellow
from ths aristocratic, blueblooded bull
frog clement.
"Xot this kind." she answered. "It Is
the little fellows that do that. The Cali
fornia frogs and the tree toads make a
great doal more noise than the bullfrogs.
Listen!" S^ -
There was a roar like that of the bull
cf Dashan. "Where is the calf?" I asKed.
looking about tlic shrubbery. Miss Stege
laughed. "The calf? » Why, there he is—
there under that geranium plant. and. he
is not a calf at all." It was a big frog,
with a tough green skin and a yellow
throat that rose and fell with each roar.
"But I thought frogs croaked?" I re
marked.
ami fro?s peeped out cautiously from un
der small green shrubs on the water's
edge.
"You will not see many of them to-day,"
sniri she. "You know at this time of
year I am not doing much marketing—
only keeping up enough to stock my
ponds,! and I occasionally • sell frogs for
the stocking of ponds. In the spring
time Is when you should have come.
After a rain they come out beautifully."
THE SUNDAY CALL.
croaking mass. It had rained a IHUa
shower and they had all started away.
We got large dustpans and the brooms
and actually swept the frogs up Into the
pans, tossing them back into the water.
After that we put up these straight walls,
for they were always hopping over the
banks. Even now they occasionally get
out, and if a hoe or any garden imple
ment is left lying across the fence like
this they are sure to climb out. See this
fellow," she added, turning the great fros
over on his back. "He Is a thoroughbred.
See the yellow throat and the pale green
near the 'mouth. There are some eighty
or ninety varieties of bullfrog and this
Is one of the best specimens of a superior
breed. The dark purplish green of hi»
body and the soft yellow undercolorlng.
with the tinge of pale green, are some of
the marks. It used to be thought that
the large Eastern frogs were not good to
eat. but I have tried mixing their, wit!:
the smaller California breed and have had
excellent results— the size of the big frogs
and the meat texture of the >mall onus
combined. They are peculiar creatures.
Did you know that a frog Is the only
animal besides the genus homo that has
a calf to its leg?"
1 had not been aware of this interesting
11
HOW SAN FRANCISCO'S DEMAND FOR
FROG'S LEGS IS SUPPLIEDtratlons are by Dan Smith and form ni
unimportant addition to the text. (Pub
lished' by the Bowen-Merrlll Company,
Indianapolis.) _^
The Muie. .
There Is a booklet being published every
three months by the Lotus Club in Oak
land—a little book of art nnd letters
called "The Muse," so simple yet artistic,
and so unostentatious and yet filled with
such striking creations in black and white,
pleasing verse and charming sketches
that it cannot. fall to attract all -lovers
of 'art "and literature.- Its editor is A.
Hull Shirk, and Judging from this, the
second number of "The Muse," he is cer
tainly deserving of great credit. Tho
cover; is an ; Indian • poster dono by Ed
Borein, . the ; cowpuncher artist— a Califor
nia boy and the one man in the United
States who can dray/ tho Indian pony, tho
of France." by Dr. Edward D. Jones;
"Modern Mongots." by Dr. H. Oswald'
"Mental Energy," by Edward Atkinson',
nnd "The Scientific Principles of War
fare," by William J. Roe.
Another of the late popular novels to
attract the eye of the dramatist is "Bal
doon," by Le Roy Hooker, and arrange
ments have been made with the pub
lishers. Rand. ?!cNally"& Co.. by the
author and Philip Gillette to prepare the
story for the stage. While not originally
intended for dramatization the book ha3
been found to contain so many strong
situations and so much unique material
peculiarly adapted to reproduction that
it has been thought desirable by the pub
lishers to have It dramatized.
Especial Interest v. Ill attach to a spe
cial article in the campaign number of
overdrawn. In her anxiety to make a
thrilling narrative the- author occasion
ally pens such strikingly colored pictures
that they arc apt to become posteresque
and lose the effect intended. As n nar
rative the tale nevertheless holds the in
terest thoroughly, for •while' If. at times
seems rathtr improbable you' cannot h'.-lp
readhig on to see what is going to happen
next to the great-hearted, honc3t, swear
ing, flghtinc men.
The authors description of the desert
nnd the awful experience of the cl{y man
of the corppratlon. who is'entlcedoft the
read by a couple of villains, but escapes
from them to find himself lost on . the
alkali wa.3te.is a splendid bit of work.
Tho frightful sufferings of the man In his
hunger nnd thirst, ¦ his great • loneliness,
his pursuit of the mirages and his' final
despair are all told almost too vividly to
make pleasant reading:.
\ The book contains a rich fund of pathos
and humor in a quiet way in the char
acters of the. two devoted friends 'of; Em
erson Mead. They find a man dying from
It nln't tho square deal to put 'em away
without a word, even If they were the
worst scrubs in creation, j You-all better
eay something, Nick, llko you did before.'
"Tom took off his hat, v.'itnout oven a
glance at his companion, and bent.' his
head. Kllhorn also' doffed his sombrero
and bent forward in rcvarcnt attitude,
ready to begin.
'"¦"'Good Lord,' he said, and then he
Mtopped and hesitated so long that Tuttle
looked up to see what was the matter.
'Go on, Nick,' he urged In a low tone.
" 'Good Lord, ye'd better do aa'yo think
best about lotl in' 'em fry in their own
fat— so long. They were scrubs, that'*
straight: but they're dead now, and can't
do any more harm. Good Lord, we hope—
ye.'ll see your way to have, mercy on their
souls. Amen.' ."•• j
The identified remains of Colonel Whit
take.r'a son are finally brought into, court.
Emerson' Mead is recaptured— not by any
prowess of the Sheriff's- party, who' are
badly worsted Iri a brush with the three
friends, but by his own surrender when
The three friends, like those in Dumas'
"Three Muskeieers," more than hold their
own through the thrilling adventures
which Mrs. Kelly sends them; • although
at times it requires the combined muscle
and ingenuity of all three to do It. Com
plications arise early In the book through
the disappearance of the son of the head
man of the opposition. Colonel .Whittaker,
and the-arrest -of -Emerson Mead for his
murder. . Mead by the aid of his two
Lovers of talcs of tho hills and plains
life on the cattle range, with plenty of
whocps. pistol shots, hard riding, hard
drinking and true friendship— will find
their heart's content In Florence Finch
Kelly's book. "With Hoops of Steel."
The title refers to "the firm bonds of
friendship which bind together the three
principal characters of the story— men
v.-ho are living their lives on the plains
of the Southwest and incidentally fighting
a corporation that Is 'endeavoring to
crowd over on their range with the ulti
mate end in view of confiscating all the
water holes and driving the tmall owners
out of business.
For the lovers and admirers of Old
Ironsides, Governor Roosevt It's book' will
prove- acceptable in the highest degree.
Those who look upon Cromwell as a man
of force but crv:el. unprincipled and a
canting hypocrite, will rind much to which
they will take exception! To the gcner.nl
reader It will appeal as the thought and
feeling of a prominent man of to-day— a
man of action, a politician] a closo stu
dent of history — on a subject tha # t has
ever been of world-wide Interest. '(Pub
lished by diaries Scribner's .lions, New
York. Price *2.)
With Moops of Stcsl.
the' ablcei nistorlans and politicians have
argued that the execution was a mistake,
as mp.klnir the King a martyr, and at
transferring to his son... Charles II, all
the loyalty that had been his, while tho
hatred ar.d distrust could not be trans
ferred. Yet it certainly seems .that even
on the score of expediency Cromwell and
the rejricid*** were right, and that the
event Justified their judgmeot."
Among the leading articles In the Popu
lar Science Monthly for October are:
"Problems on Biology," by Sir- William
Turner; "The Origin of the Mammalia,"
by Professor J. , S. Kingsley; "Religious
Beliefs of the Central Eskimo." by Pro
fessor Franz Boas; "The Economic Life
liam Henry Hudson, is announced by
Klder & Shepard. .'San- Francisco. Mr.
Hudson Is professor of English literature
at Stanford University, and his critical
work, especially marked by a poetic in
sight and feeling, is widely, known. This
little volume- is to be printed- from type
and limited to COO copies.
The fourth of Sir Walter Besant's
studies of slum life will appear In the
October Century, with Illustrations by
Pennell and Raven-Hill. It is entitled
"East London Types." and describes tho
development,, from' -childhood, of the
"casual hand"— the often idle laborer, who
Is glad of any job that comes his way.
Those typical East London "toughs"
known as the "Hooligans" also engage Sir
"Walter's attention.
"The Sphinx and Other Poems." by Wil-
Liter-ry Notes
Little, Brown & Co. are preparing a new
edition of Maurt Wilder Goodwin's "The
Heati of j» Hundred in the Colony of Vir
ginia, 16:2."
-by such men as Judge Carroll Cook. Judge
Charles' F.' Hott and William K. McGrew,
tepd to make this particular number a
souvenir well worth tho reading by every
.native son and daughter.
published, and. taken with other articles
remarkably clear half-tones, carefully se
lected to b^ fully explanatory of the sub
ject matter. The pictures of the Admis
sion day parad« and night Illuminations
arc probably the best that have at yet been
" 'Good Lord, sure and ye'll rest this
poor man's soul, for he was white clean
through. Suro and he was no coward,' and
no scrub, neither* But the other two—
Ye'd better lot th^rn fry In their own fat
till they're cracklin's. You bet, that it
is what they deserve, and we can prove
it.- Amen.' "
wounds received in defending his gold
agninst two rascals, and as the wounded
man dies the two cowboys decide that
seme one should say a prayer over him.
This Is the prayer:
friends escapes in truly 'Western style.
They haul htm with a lasso tied to the
saddle of a bronco clear over the wall of
the Jail and ride off into the. night with
loud whoops and much firing of guns.
Incidentally Mead, to show what he can
do and also keep his hand in, throws his
hat high in the air. puts three bullet holes
through it within the space of a. half dol
lar of each other with a sound as if but
one explosion and then catches the hat
on its downward trip as it barely reaches
the ground. All of which is done ! on
horseback and while the hat is but a
"black shapes in the darkness"— pretty
sharp revolver practice, that. Of course
with heroes all such good gun shots as
that the opposition in subsequent fights
have about as much show of not being
hit as a yellow dog in a small lot with a
tight board fence would have to keep dry
if liis enemy was momentary proprietor
of a well regulated garden hose and pos
sessed with an evil intent.
That is one point in which the story is
wounds received in defending his gold
against two rascals, and as the wounded
man dies the. two cowboys, decide that
seme one should say a prayer over him.
This Is the prayer:
" 'Good Lord, sure and j'e'll rest this
poor man's soul, for he was white clean
through. Sure and he was no coward,' and
no scrub, neither* But the other two—
Ye'd better lot th^rn fry In their own fat
till they're cracklin's. You bet. that it
is what they deserve, and we can prove
it. Amen.' " •
While'if thc?e boys had come upon "the
other two" alive they would not have
hesitated a moment about killing both,
still, when they find them lying dead and
in danger of being devoured by coyotes
all their hatred and animosity of a few
minutes ago is supplanted by their good
feeling for mankind in general and they
feel that even here there is the "square
thing" to be done and they must do it.
" 'Nick, don't you-all think we'd better
say something over these fellows, too?
"The best men in England approved the
execution of the KIrsp. not : only as a
work of necessity but as right on moral
grounds. Two weeks after the execution,
Milton— perhaps the loftiest soul In the
whole Puritan party, full though it was
of lofty souls— wrote his pamphUt Justi
fying the right of the nation to depose,
or if need be execute tryants and wicked
kings. His areuments never have been
and never can be" sueeesspfully contro
verted on grounds of justice and moral
ity. There is room for greater question
on the ground of Some o!
"Any man who has ever had anything
to do with the Infliction of the death pen
alty, or. Indeed, with any form of pun
ishment, knows that there are sentimen
tal beings so constituted that their sympa
thies are always most keenly aroused, in
behalf of the offender who pays the pen
alty for k deed of peculiar atrocity. The
explanation probably Is that the more
conspicuous the crime the more their at
tention is arrested and the more acute
their manifestations of sympathy be
come. At the time when the great bulk
even of civilized mankind believed in the
right of a king not merely to rule but
to ororcss. the action of the Puritans
Ftruek horror throughout Europe. Even
republican Holland was stirred to con-',
demr.atian, and as the king was the sym
bol of the state, and as custom dirs hard,
generations passed, during which the.
great majority of good and loyal, but not
particularly far-sighted or deep-thtnklng
men. spoke with Intense sympathy -of
Charles and with the most sincere horror
of the regicide?, especially Cromwell.
This feeling was most natural then. ,}t
may be admitted to be natural In certain
Enplishmen. even at the pre5ent d«y.
Bat what shall we say of Americans who
now take the same, view; who er?ct
stained-glass windows in a Philadelphia
church : to the memory of the 'R«ya.l,
Martyr.' or in New York or Bcston.hold
absurd festivals' in his praise? I -> -
The overturning of Parliament and; the
King and' the subsequent execution of
Charles he lays directly at the door ; of
Charles himself. What Governor Roose
velt has to say regarding the Infliction of
the death penalty upon monaxchs Is of in
terest, although it may not be particular
ly enjoyed by certain church members of
New York. Boston and Philadelphia.
he is told that they have found the body.
There are three bullet holes in the body,
which would seem to indicate beyond, a
doubt in the minds of this Western jury"
that Emerson is the guilty man. for that
Is his peculiar style of shooting to fire
thrice In succession rapidly and the bul
lets all go nearly through the same hole \
as the tlrst one. Besides this, lie was
heard at one time to threaten the life of
the man. and other circumstances point
very strongly to his guilt, so it looks as
If the bond of friendship strons as "hoops
of steel" would come to an untimely end
by a sudden hanging. We will not spoil
the story for Mrs. Kelly's readers by even
hinting at the ending, but the final work-
Ing out of the plot of the tale is .very
ingenious and interesting. There, is a
love story running through the ; book, :
v;hlch tends to soften the narrative and :
adds much in the wav of color. The illus-
cowboy, the Mexican peon or bull-fight
as It really is. Among the other excel
lent art work of thebooklet a frontispiece
by Pedro Lemos, "Drifting." shows out
conspicuously for its strength. This au
tumn number Is filled with literary gems
in the way of short prose and verse and
its -posteri'sh illustrations and decorative
work are such that can well be envied
by Its contemporaries of greater years
but less enterprise.
Overland Montb'y«
The Overland Monthly for September,
besides its usuaI Interesting chitchat, book
reviews and fiction, contains several arti
cles especially readable and of pictorial
value. "As Seen in a Logging Camp," by
S. Allis, while hardly new for choice of
subject, is nevertheless treated in a pleas
ingly clever way. and the Illustrations add
greatly to the value of the text— they are
The author holds that Cromwell was
absolutely eincere po far as his religious
vie W5 were concerned, and even though he
blames him severely for the affairs of
I>rosl:eda and Wexford when so many
were cruelly slaughtered by ' the sword
cf the Lord .7 still. he considers that even
at that time he wai acting according to
his best lights for the cood of the state.
"An American Catholic and an American
Protestant of tc-day. whatever the differ
ence between their thtcilogies. yet In their
ways <;f looking: at real life, at Its rela
tion to religion, and the relations of reli
gion sxd the slate, are Infinitely more
akin to one another than either is to the
rr.sn cf his rellrrious faith who lived three
r-cnturief asro In 'Cromwell'*
youth all the leading Christian churches
were fiercely Intolerant. Unless v;e keep
in mind that this was the general attitude,
nu attitude which necessarily affected
even the greatest men. we cannot do jus
tice to th" political and social leaders of
that apt when w<- find them as we so often
do jtdoptins toward their religious, foes
policies from which wo, of a happier agp,
tut :i v.ith horror."
So many are prone to regard Cromwell
ns hypocritically religious to that extent
Decrseary U> ¦drance his ov.-n personal
endsj that Roosevelt dwelis at some
1< rpth upon matters of religious belief in
th'j^e days as coiapared with the present.
He says:
"The whole history of the movement
¦which resulted In the establishment of
the Ocmni"r,\v( a'th of England will be
misread at<l misunderstood If we fall to
appreciate that it was the first modern
r.r.d not the lnst medieval movement: If
v.-<> 'ail to understand thff« i«ie men who
figured In it and the principles for which
they contended cr<; ptrictly akin to the
mfr. ar.d the principles that have appeared
It: all similar great movement since; In
the English revolution of 185S. In the
Amrtican Revolution of 1775 and the Araer
5c an Civil War of 1S61. We must keep ever
i:: min<3 tho t-ssentiaUy modern character
< f the movement if we are to appreciate
its true inwardness. Its true significance.
]"u::d3 men? ally It iv.»s the first struggle
for religious, political ar.d social freedom
an wo now understand the terms. Am
was Inevitable In such a first .struggle
there remained eren among fhe forces of
reform r.:u<h of what properly belonged
to previous generations. In addition to
the modern hide there was a medieval
side. too. Jur,t so far a« this medieval
elfjnent obtained the movement failed.
A'A that there v,ay of cobd r.nd perma
rerc-e In it was due to the new elements. *
Roosevelt's Fiyle is admirable. He has
fo much of real worth to say . that he
wastes no tim* In word-painting, but
presents his point? In language that is
plain, simple and direct. One point he ln
si^tt* t:pon In the first few pages for a
proper understanding of what is to follow,
an<] that Is the modern character of the
nwTCBKDt which resulted In the estab
lishment of the Commonwealth. In part
he says:
"In Kntrland there was practically pe«ce
during the first forty years of. the cen
tury, but it was an Ignoble and therefore
an evil peace. Of course, peace should be
¦the- aim of all statesmen and Is the aim of
the jrrratos t statesmen. Nevertheless, not
only the greatest statesmen, but all men
who ar/* truly wise and patriotic, recog
nize that peace Is only good when it
mm*"? honorably and Is used for honor
able purposes, and that the peace of mer©
sloth or incapacity is as great a curse as
the most unrighteous war. Those who
«ioubt this would do well to study the con
dition of England during the relgm of
James I arid during the firfft part of the
reign of Charles I. England had then no
ftuv.<iins array and no foreign policy
worthy of the name. .The chief of her
colonies was frrov.ing up almost against
her wishes and wholly without any help
or care from her. I/i short, she realized
the condition* as regards her relations
*-ith the outride world and 'militarism'
which certain philosophers advocate at
the present dav for America. The result
«us a Erradunl rotting: of the national
fiber, which rendered it necessary for her
to pa«? through the firry ordeal of the
Civil War ,in order that she might be
saved."
Incidentally. In speaking of the peace in
England during the first forty years of
the of-ntury. the Governor throws out a
few hints by way of justification of recent
Tv.'irliko advances in our own country, as
follows: . •_ ,
Under the fim heading Rocsevelt does
Rome of his best work. He uses barely
fifty papes and yet gives the reader an
rxeellrr.t idea of the 'times and existing
conditions. This means not only that in
that f-pace h*> must condense an Immense
amount of English history, both social
and political, but he must give a brief
pilmpse into affairs In general through
out the civilized world where they in any
way. .Mrcctly or indirectly, are iikely to
iKK-omo a factor In the Cromweilian
period.
vi. Pcrwmal Rule
The Cromweilian period is one cf the
most interesting in the history of the
vorld and the character cf this man. whom
Governor Roosevelt terms "the greatest
man" who has ruled England since the
days cf the Conquest." has awakened* as
much controversy as probably that of an\
other man who ever lived. The author of
the present work, while undoubtedly a
confessed admirer of the famous "Old
Noll." as a politician, a great general an-1
a handler of men. docs not hesitate to
criticise severely his iniquities according
to the lights of the present time. The
nnfilysis of Cromwell's character Is rot
made the central po!nt of Roosevelt's
writings; his work lias boon rather to give
n plain ar.d concise statement of the
times and condition of affairs that led up
to the takicp of thr protectorate bv
f>livor r.nd a narrative of aiTnirs political
and warlike thr^ughout t!ic l;inpd~,m
during his rule. The author looks at the
jioricd with ey«» of to-day. lie treats his
sul^je^t in six parts:
I. The Times and the Man.
II. The Lor.g Parliament and the Civil
"\\ b r.
HI. Th* Second Civil War and the
Peaih r.f the King.
IV. The Irish and Scotch Wars.
V. The Commonwealth and Protector
ate.
fT 5n seldom that there can be found a
man endowed with so much ven=atilltv
II as Theodoro Roosevelt— a man who Is
In turn a successful hunter, poldter.
imJitician and author. During the past
nior.ths there have been appearing: in
Frr'br.er's Magazine some remarkably
Interesting ar.l well-written papers on
Oliver Cromwell from the pen of Governor
Roosevelt. Those have now been publish
ed in book form in a well-printed edition
together with most of the illustrations
that appeared in the magazine. Some of
the halftones wo have reproduced on this
;:a£e and they will serve in a general way
to give the character of those appearing
In the volume itself.
WITH HOOPS OF STEEL— By Florence
Finch Kelly. The Eowen-ilcrrill Com
pany, Indiar.apo'is.
THE MIDDLE FIVE— By Francis La
Flesche. Small. Maynard & Co., Boston.
$1 23.
THE LIFE OF LIVES— By Rev. Dr. "W.
F. Farrar. dean of Canterbury. Doild,
Mead & Co., New York. $2 50.
FROM THE LAND OF THE SHAM
ROCK—By Jane Barlow. Dodd, Mead &.
Co.. New York. $1 &).
COLLECTED POEMS— By Arthur Pe
terson. V. S. N. Henry T. Coates & Co.,
Philadelphia.
THE PROBLEM OF DUTY-By Rev.
Charles F. Dole. Thomas Y. CrowjU &
Co New York. 35 cents.
SPIRITUAL LESSONS FROM THE
BROWNINGS— By Rev. Amory H. Brad
ford. Thomas Y. Crowell & Co.; -New
York. 23 cents. - . -. . . ;
SOME IDEALS IN THE EDUCATION
OF WOMEN— By Caroline. Hazard. Thom
as Y. Crowell * Co.. New York/33 cents.
THE ART OF OPTIMISM AS TAUGHT
BY ROBERT BROWNING— By William
D© Witt Hyde. Thomas Y. Crovr«ll & Co..
New York. 35 cents. :j e
ELECTRICITY AND THE RESL'R
RECT1ON; Oil. THE SOUL. AND
SCIENCE— By William Hem?treet. Uni
versal Truth Publishing Company. Chi
cago. Cloth $1. paper 50 cents.
OLIVER' CROMWELL— By Theodoro
Roo3evelt. Charles Scrlbner's Sons, New
York. r.».
Eook.s Received.
Like his "Among English Hedgerows."
which was so cordially welcomed last
year. Mr. Cliftcn Johnson's- new volume.
•"Along French Byways," is a book of
strolling; a book of nature: a book of
humble peasant life. Intermingled with th-.»
chance experiences cT the narrator. It
has little to do with larse towns, bus
much with rural village*, farm firesides,
the field? and the cor.:\try lanes. In short,
probably no record has ever, been made of
lustic France giving «a clear and truthful
and. at the same time, entertaining im
pression of the reality. The attractive
ness of the book is* greatly enhanced by
the illustrations, which include an unusu
ally large number of vrry beautiful .full
page half-tones and many drawings In
the text. For ony one who has known
the charm of France as a traveler or who
has felt its charms In literature, this vol
ume Is one to read and to own. The Mac
millan Company will issue this book also
in a uniform style in a- oox with "Among
English Hedgerows."
The SepJfmber number of Current His
tory reviews the Chinese problem to date,
the last stages of the Boer war. the com
mercial and diplomatic relations of thi
rnitnl St.it«-s and the other great powers,
the present situation In Cuba and the Am
ericun cotor:li:l possessions, the Presiden
tial campaign, the recent race conflicts,
the progress of Canada. Latin-American
rroblems. the politics and other intere-its
of Kuropean ar.il Asiatic countries, the
exploration of the Antarctic- recent de
velopments in electrical science and wire
less telegraphy, sociological and relisiou.i
problems of the day. with biographies of
many celebrities, such as Governor TVol
cott of Massachusetts. C P. Iluntinsjton.
Professor J. E. Keeler, Profcs.-or J. C.
Ridpath. King Humbert, Lord Russell,
Duke of Cohurg. Thirty-nine portraits.
map<» and views of prominent buildings
and places. ' ,'-_¦¦-
- The Dante circle is In growing favor
both iri England and America, but it m
only recently that th<* study of the Flor
entine hard has reached popular propor
tions. Edwin S. Gcrham. publisher, of
New York, caters especially to the en
thusiastic and appreciative audience who
may be said to feel the true spirit of
Dante's life and work. A Dante Calendar,
with specially translated phases and n,
scries of Florentine decorations and re
producttors of chalk drawings depicting
scenes In Dante's life, done by the han-l
of Blanche McManus and printed in thre«
colors makes an attractive and unirjii.*
contribution to Dante literature, as well
as a taking novelty for the forthcoming
holiday seascn.
"A Womnn Tenderfoot" is the title of
a forthcoming. book bv Grace Gallatin Se
t en-Thompson, wife of the famoui artist.
author and lecturer-, who has been mak
ing us all acquainted with his wild animal
friends of late years. Mrs. Thompson
roughed it with her husband during the
trips when he gathered material for his
"Wild Animals I Have Known" and other
books. Her narrative is full of outdoor
interest and entertainment, and wompn
who go camping will find a fund of really
valuable advice In the counsels regarding
dre^s. cooking and all such matters which
she gives from her experience. It will be
published by Doubleday. Vase & Co.. New
York.
A cablegram from London announces
that Ronald MacDor.nWl has signed a con
tract with Miss Julia Marlowe for the
dramatic production of his romance. "Th*
Sword of the King." The possibilities of
this story are obvious to every reader ac
quainted with the requirements of th3
theater, but it ha;« only recently been
made known that the play existed hefor.
the r.ovel itself was written, the author
V>elrg a playwright as well as an actor.
The popular actress who has undertaken
Its presentation 13 enthusiastic about its
effectiveness for stage purposes.
Governor Roosevelt will' contribute t->
the October Century a paper on "Civic
Helpfulness." Hi3 tiieme IS the work that
is being done by individuals and institu
tions, other than official, to help tho.^e
who need help In American communities.
"Civic Helpfulness" Is Included in th-?
forthcoming volume of essays bv Gover
nor Roosevelt, entitled "The Strenuous
Life." 2 -T-
The October number of The Book World
contains an unusually interesting article
bv the editor. Dr. Madison C. Peters, on
"The Jews in Literature." The article is
a revelation to Jews and Christians alike
showing the prominent part which tha
Jews have taken in the world's literature.
"The Literary Side of John Adams.' by
John de Morgan, and "The Home Life of
William Cullen Bryant." by Frank Lee
Farnell. are among other features of this
number. Will M. Clemens has written a
very clever article on "T he Literary Char
acter of the Chinese."
McClure's Magazine, entitled "The Strat
egy of National Campaigns. This article
In the October issue vrll describe some of
the most striking strategic measures
adopted by Presidential campaign leaders
during the past twenty-five years, con
cerning which almost nothing has hithertt*
been divulged to the public at large. The
author, doubtlf-ss because of the prom
inent part he has played in the struggles
he describes, prefers to write anonymous
ly Mr. Hambidge's portraits illustrating
the articles are of unusual originality and
merit.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
< I
12
BOOK REVIEWS AND LITERARY CHATMARVELOUS FRENCH
MILLINERY FOR
WINTER.
LATEST FADS DAME
FASHION OFFERS
LADIES FAIR.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Photos by fllisky-
Waist- From City of Paris
\ ¦
Pats Fron> Mrs. Gage, 807 Suttcr Street.
Poses by Miss Mabel Milliard of tr;e Tivoli.
Where thr flaring hat turns back fionr
the face the blue velvet is covered with
mink— not the bright, yellowish mink, but
a soft brown shade that should match the
hair it lies igainst. There is something
very cozy and warm about the way this
fur nestles close to the forehead, and the
white roses that arise from it are as much •
a surprise as green carnations from the
earth. They are garden roses, round and
fT takes a Californian or a Frenchman
| to make rosvs bloom in midwinter.
L. The difference is that' the Californian
produces then in his garden and the
Frenchman on his hats.
They are to bloom this winter as never
before, these French roses. They have
already come to tov.n like a gala day pa
raOe just to show us that we might as
well bo jolly anyhow. Right in the mids*
of furs they blossom forth In the abnor
mal combination that only a Frenchman
knows how to make. Heavy folds and
choux of velvet may be cuddling: warmly
Into a mass of mink, when lo and behold,
out from the midst of the wintry heap
springs a whole bushful of maiden-blush
or Duchess rosos. The Frenchman who
makes hats has always been a wizard,
and he is showing- more of his tricks this
year than ever before.
The hat of the season is made for the
hair of the season. The big. Huffy pom
padour that has replaced the rigid one
demands a hat thrown back from the face
to give it freedom to fluff. The hatr obey.
Up In the front and down in the back
they are tilted, not so very differently
from the poke bonnets of our grandmoth
ers' day. .You will look like a full blown
poster In any one of them. And yet they
have as many individualities as the wo
men who are to wear them, for the wise
may read written in the subtlety of their
tints and tilts; brunette or Monde, aqui
line or retrousse, as the case may be.
There i« a stone-blue hat. for instance,
that is poir.s begging for eyes that match.
Panne velvet it Is made of, for velvet Is
the basis of hats this season. Now and
then a felt creeps in, but It feels a bit
111 at ease.
- The stone-blue velvet bears the magic
name of Virot stamped in gtjld letters and
stitched to the while silk of its lining.
It Is worth while to notice that this mas
ter of milliners is simplicity personified
In his designing. Good material and chic
mark a Virot hat. but elaborate' nothings
arc never heaped upon Its Innocent crown.
A -word to the wise, you know. Is suffi
cient.
middle. There isn't a hat among them mo
coquettish as this. Come up behind th»
wearer and _you will Judge her the de
murest of- the demure in solemn black:
get a'recp into her face and you will sea
a garden- full of the giddiest pink roses
that ever blossomed Inside a Quakeresqua
poke. ;?}'Jr
. The Anclenne liaison of Paul Virot and
Qerthe sends out a pattern in golden
brown velvet faced with puffy, embossed
chiffon. The chiffon Is white, embroidered
In gold thread that catches spangles here
and there In Its weaving. The oddity of
the season appears on tni3 hat; It Is th©
whole skin of a little brown mink, which
is folded over the brim.' Us tail dangling
against the wearer's hair. Perhaps we
shall sec leopard skins and bear rugs
draped over the hats of the future.
¦Double brims appear occasionally by
way of novelty. A light gray felt haa an
Inner brim of pastel blue satin, and the
same blue combined with rose forma
choux on high. A "fancy" of pale blua
and guinea feathers folds over the brtma
at the front. The colors are all pale and
cold, as in some snow landscape. Perhaps
Virot was thinking of one when he de
signed it; at any rate It Is rather nice to
Imagine that he was.
The most stunning pattern comes from
the Mareacot Soeurs. It is all blazing
red from beginning to end. Plaited strips
of red velvet form the frame, and the
only trimming Is a mass of red roses and
shaded red foliage that nods saucily over
one eye. ¦
And so It goes— all sorts and conditions
of hats for all sorts and conditions of
faces. Alas, only one sort and condition
of purse will respond to them; but. then,
there are cosies. They are the next best
thing, • ~ ' ;-
flat and fairly redolent with June, and
they rise to a big cluster that nods over
the face.» v . r ;iJ, /
Another blue hat Is . a Felix catln
In the palest shade of turquoise is corded
and drawn over wires to form the frame.
The shape of this hat is a little .UifTer
than the others, its brim a little narrower,
wherein it loses some of Its daring
Frenehiness and may . appeal more
stronsly therefore to the American
woman.
A golden blond Is the girl for this tur
quoise hat--or a clear-skinned brunett©
may wear It to good advantage. If you*
color lies in between, you would better
not risk its dangers^
On H appear roses again— Impossible
roses this time, of coal bl.ick satin, as
perfect in form as they are absurd in
color. They trail around the whole brim
in company with their glistening green
leaves— leaves, by the way,, that harmon
ize with the blue as no others would. We
have a right to put green and blue to
gether—the hills and sky authorize that
— but v. r e have no right to do it unless
we are sure of their being the particular
blue and green 'that guarantee friendly
relations. ¦ _,
This hat, again, is noticeably simple. Be
sides the roses Its only decoration is a fat
satin chou of the same material as the
hat. This is placed on the brim, a little to
one side of the front, and gives the touch
of impudence that completes the dashing
poke of 1900.
Wings are another fad of the year— not
the big turkey buzzard style that has
flapped abroad In the land for several
years, but dainty, little wines, hardly.
larger, than -those of a humming blrdL A
:hat- 6f : rg61den brown velvet 13 entirely
\ faced- -with ¦. tiny : merle wings laid so
closely that they overlap. They shift from
green to" blue and back again, as a pca
;C.oek's talK : doesi but they lack the pea
'cock";brilliancy. ',. •. : ' '.
: . 'Twisted" around the crown and forming
a'huge' bow. In front Is a tnas3 ofchange
*able-silk' that holds In .Us .weaving the
eame^ green '; and blue j as the feathers.
¦Whether- the. silk was made to match the
birds v - or'the, birds to match the silk Is
what- only Pouyanne. knows. Pouyanne Is
-th'e-; author and keeps- the secret safely
hidden : In Paris. This . much : though—
matchings of that perfection are made on
only one 1 side of the Atlantic.'.
' Wings", come more to the i front as well
as more to the back In a study '• by Camille
Roger. ¦:¦ The ..entire hat Is made of little
overlapping, wings,, all green and brown.
; They" reach : out to form a' broad brim, on
the- edge^ of- which \ two Irrelevant green
rosettes appea'r^tb have alighted for some
reason best known 'to Roger. ;
/'The .rhlnestone buckle Is* the finishing
touch .of - this bat, . as - It - Is of. many, an
other.': It is~ always It gives tone to
color* that nifght otherwise lack It.. 1 It Is
found again on a black panne velvet of
-Vlfot's, .where It: shines' out like a little
Bunburst in sharp contrast to^the black.
i;;Panne velvet la more 'popular' than ever,
'and; It takes' kindly to hats, being In ef-.
''feet* something* like silky beaver that
- once V obtained. •*> On Vlrot's .black" hat a
a huge ibow^of 'the ( same 5 velvet g spreads
-widely s toward both 'sides, and ''the long
* rbineston» v buckle "grips' It' firmly- la the
13ivnich Is as neat as a pin. Every aeeorrt
on In the house is religious. All the.
inhabitants aro ardent Catholics, S3 the
v.-p.Us ore bedecked with pictures of Chris
tus and tho Madonna." the. respective
saints, as well as carvings and crucifixes
In profusion, for the principal occupation
of the villagers during the period of time
they arc not engaged in the Passion P-ay
is wood and Ivory carving of religious sub
jects. The morl artl*t'c and beautiful
crucifixes, Chriatheotls and Madonnas are
carved at Oberammergau. tr.d tho world's
churches ore supplied from this place. It
's the: principal Industry that employs
;he people. \ , • .'. . \
¦A llel:rew friend of mine" a great trav
eler, who. by the way, is very rc!."gious,
was, assigned to his apartments ~lu a
jirioat's house-. The room was prof us •> ' In
its decorations of Catholic* cufrj< els, eve y
I- nil of ;ciucirlx,-"elc. When 'lit eiVtmU
(hi> ror.m ho trnn iMJ tl,~. fhov won. he
with the bleeding neart. It not a CTuistus,
you find a Madonna, enshrined In a glaa»
case and bedecked with wreathes -Kith a
small improvised altar at the foot, and
here the peasants, coming and "going, ara
forever bowing and kneeling and xnakln*
the sign of the cross. This Is the most
prominent feature that attracts the ey»
of the stranger passing through this
country, but the Passion Play cannot b«
condemned from any one standpoint, how
ever Incorrect to history, for it has varied
and artistic charms. The people whotaka
part in it and devote their lives to this
end are earnest and devoted! Every boy
born in that country is baptized with a
prayer and a hope that some day when
he grows to man's estate h* will be called
to portray the part of Christus. and gu
from inrancy he is placed in training. ani
as soon as he Is capable of learning he is
taught to wear his hair Chrlstus-Uke and
In every way to take on the character.
There are at least five hundred under
studies of the part, of all ages and sizes,
Magdalena and Madonnas are not so
plentiful, for the Madonna part la tto«
two events of the Cibir. to vrlt. the New
and Oid Testaments, j»s if they were con
temporaneous.,. Thus you find the author's
license has been indulged to the extrava
gant limit of resurrecting those who had
been dead for a few thousand years and
producing them for effect as being again
on earth during Christus' time. In the
Jirst.act the characters are Moses, Eph
raim. Joshua. Sadok. Kzekiel, Christ. St.
Peter and the rabbis. When Christ ar
rives at the market scene and is hailed .»*
the Son of David— King of the Jews— ths
opposition encountered by him as per the
play is from a band of rabbis, headed by
Moses. Impartial history is ignored b>
the' author cf the Passion Play; tho
r.orcar.s are not even heard of, so th
ent'.re blame, intent and fault .Is made 10
fall on thu heads of the Jews, to their
prejudice, which is sufficiently developed
at the present time in the German aud
Austrian Catholic provinces, where it is
in. possible.- to travel in' any direction In
tLe v;ocos cr on the ,i:a:r.s without en-
CCUnterjCGj r.t every five aundred yards a
r . : '•'¦' ":': : ."'.<¦•'• .a- f.h. istu.s uUcr..bc»yclctt, or
li Is V Vrably well no. aid sleep, for if
he had witnessed the play as rcntlert;«l.
he would rave been unhappy to see what
a" mischief maker for his race th.sV.ij,
• ion 'Play.' proves! It .-ontaniii.aws 1 ;-.•_•
apartments. He looked around ana on
beholding the surroundings fairly shud
dered. He wanted to change. He felt
like a traitor to the Old Testament to
sleep there.' but he was tired and it was
raining cats and dogs outside, so he con
c'uded that it was compulsory on him.
tberefoie 1:0 Intentional sin. but he ecu d
not sleep. He pitched and tossed all night
and the next m< rning he. went to see the
play at S:30 .1. m.. but was so wearied
from the Ujn of sleep that ho slept
through the p'ay. ar.d when ho woke up to
go to ittnch ciurins the intermljson he
was the most disstuted man in the word.
He said. ".Ymi.src; Ur d pi:ni?red me goo;\
for trying to's ce.p. in that prfe«Vs houVei
It cost meTa hundred and twenty marks
to ; « ome there and a 'ready 1 ni sscd half
of the show. Heaven knows what yet is
to happen."
distinguish him) looks, or tries to I00K
like Christus. They are blonds and wear
their hair long and wavy and their
beards are trimmed so as to make them
look the pan. At first you are a little
timid about speaking to one of them, for
fear that he may be the real actor who
b> v * the pr^ftioal rol« lint after yrui look
everybody you meet — that is. the sight
seeing traveler— is just as ignorant fl
where he bj as you are of where you are.
to after you ask where so and so's hou«e
is and you are answarod by a query.
"Well. I am looking for the same place
where I am supposed to live and I cannot
locate it." you kind of feel friendly to the
other fellow in misery; but soon you hear
the cow bolls', for the cows are herded
up and down lar.es and byway 5, and if
you follow them you are sure to get
somewhere, and then you can get a fresh
start. The streets have no names, but
the. houses are all numbered, so if you
ere wife and ask intelligently, "Please
tell me whore Frau Schmidt No. £1 lives,"
the native villager will direct you to go
xjji to th»* kirche and then down along the
main road to the creek, whlc* you cross
p.nd continue on by Father Se.ilosse's new
house to the road that leads to the water
ing trough and then anybody you will
meet wi!l tell you where Frau Schmidt
lives, rind probably you will get home In
time to see the dinner table cleared up.
So the safe way to do when you want to
go out is to only circle around the, house;
of eours*e you have to hurdle over' a back
fence or two and encounter the family
dog. who is heavllv chained, and what Is
peculiar about these dogs 1?, that while.
t_h^y tark and rush at you thpy rag their
tiiils, so It kind cf puzzles you as to
what the dog's intentions are, for you
don't quit* know which end to believe,' so
really the mill safer way Is to stay in
i'our room and look out the windows, that
lf\ if the weather permits, for It rains
twenty-six hours out of every twenty
four, and It rains on business principles —
II keeps a-comlns. The only time It steps
la wh^n the play is on. and that is a curi
ous thing. The superstitious believe that
this is a special act of divine providence
ar.d that all the effects of light and
Fh^de. storm and sunshine are operated
Ijy the heavenly scenic artist at the In
stigation of the Oberammersau manager.
The traveler finds himself Iri Europe
and he wants to visit Oberammergau to
see the "Passion Spiel," which is given
every ten years from the month of May
to September. In order to procure ac
roramodatlons you go to Cook & Sons,
tourist agent?, and they arrange yaur
tour: they wire to headquarters at Ober
ammorgau for your lodgings and reserve
You are obliged to take two nights'
loggings, which is with some of the vil
lagers, and th»» name of the person's hous<
is given you with a receipt for the monej
you pay. You are announced by tele
graph. You pay about three dollars a day
for your lodglnss and two dollars for a
first class seat. You go to Munich first
and stay over a night, then you take the
train to Oberamrocrgau. which takes you
by the Swan Sea, where Bavaria's ec
centric king. Ludwig. drowned himself
then on through country most pictur
esque, no landscape in Europe sur^asslni
It— then passing throunn quaint village*
all the pink of neatness, and over field*
of . vark-d culture that present a mor 1
pleasing aggregation cf every variety o.
green, dotted here and there by I/unchc»
cf fiery red poppies, a bouquet possible
only by nature's hands.
Jt takes you about foui and a naif hours
to reach the station, and here you behold
an interesting and amusing &i;ht. Nearly
every roan and boy you see at the stato.i,
rxcept Cook's agent (who wears a cap to
Mp HE bewilderment cf observing
n fifty Christuscs or more nt the
depot as the train comes to a
standstill nt Oberanmergau can
not be described so as to ba
fully appreciated unless ssen, and
for the benefit of those "who
have not had the opportunity of vis
iting this famous place of religious
playing I have undertaken in my
awn -s-ay to venture a description of
the impressions received by me, what
I saw and heard of the surroundings
snd daily lives of the persons whe
participate in this wonderful play.
I do not intend to Jest or make that
vhich is sacred appear other than
sacred, but to one unused to such
sig-hts there are many things that
occur, and what you see accepted as
absolutely serious by the inhabitants
ar.d participants strikes you as queer,
if not humorous, and it provokes a
smile, not by way of derision, but as
a schoolboy giggles out in school
something strikes him as fun
ny. So it is with the traveler— he doss
not suppress his humor. The villager
kr.ows he is different from oth?r peo
ple in looks and dress and expects to
cause comment, and he expscts you
to laugh, as he expects the audience
to weep when pathetic and sad scenes
are presented. It is my purpose to
present this _ubject and treat it not
from the magazine or newspaper
standpoint, but as a traveler.
*7v» T the extreme north of Bavaria, at
if u
/LJ.\ the foot of the Bavarian Highlands.
li v> which are but a continuation of
the Swiss Mountains, lies the vil
lage cf Obcrsmmergau, In a beautiful dt
tle valley, hugged in by the great high
:nuunta:ns and here and there out of the
heart of the valley riF<=s a perient mnnte.
is though thrown up for the purpose of
pl&cing a monument or erecting an altar
on its apex. A little stream of water
fioT.s through the burs:, which is a place
of no regularity. Houses are set wher
ever It was convenient for the owner
without thought or care of how his neigh
bor is located, so the place is buUt zig
tag and cat -a -corners— first you are on a
main street and the next turn you are up
an alley and then you are in somebody'?
back yard, and as you back out you dis
cover yourself in front of the Gast-hau3
(public Inr.t cr possibly the gravoy&rd.
You cannot get lost here, for you are al
ways in town, so you are sure to be some
where r.o rr.atur what turn or twist you
make, and you feel at home because
about and see bo many looking all alike
and beckoning you to got into the car
riages, you feel kind of funny to hire a
hack and take a ride with the improvised
Christi-s. but that Is what you have got.
to do. or walk, and as you ride up to the
village you meet dozens of these under
studies for Christus and all kind a of othtr
biblical celebrities, until you kind of *eel
that you have moved back a few thousand
years and that you got off at the wrong
station, and In ji'.ace of Oberammergau
you stopped at Galilee. You don't know
Just exactly what to think or do.? /
You want to l^ugh. and wish your
friends at home could see just what you.
are seeing, and then you restrain yourself
from laughing because these people seem
in dead earnest, and it does, not do to
laugh at another fellow, especially 'when
you can't' speak tho language to explain
why you nre laughing 1 , so it Is best lo
.laugh inwardly and savo yourself froir
being disliked.
Well, you are finally located at you*
lodgings at some clean housewife'3 hr.u**
SEEING THE
PASSION PLAY
AT
OBERAMMERGAU
THE SUNDAY CAL.L.
14Know ye what I have done unto you.
Te call me master and Lord, and ye. say
well, for so I am. If I then, your master
and Lord, have washed your feet, so
ought ye to wash one another's feet. For
I . have given • you , an' example , that ye
should' do as I have done . unto you.
Verily, verily, the servant is. not greater
:.'¦••"""•;:"¦ '' ' ' */;': - -
lOorlds jfeyond ffapiunG.
In 1S46 Adams and . Lcvcrrler pointed
out that the motion of the planet Uranus
was disturbed In a progressive manner
probably by an unknown • planet. Tha
ptanet Neptune was discovered in that
year, in consequence of their calculations,
a? everybody knows.
The methods that they employed hava
been perfected since that time and the*
theory of Neptune has heen critically ex
amined by Professor Ncwcomb and others
to see If it yielded any evidence fr>r the
existence of unknown major planets re
volving about the sun in orbits exterior
to those of Uranus and Neptune. Profes
sor Newcomb's conclusions were that the
evidence was not yet decisive either way.
The problem has lately been attacked
again by Hans Lau of Copenhagen, who
fl»ds evidence that two such planets exist.
At least If the major planet pointed out
by him do exist the observations of Ura
nus and Neptune which he has used (1530
1SD3) would represent the theoretical mo
tions of these planets better than they ara
represented supposing his planets not to
exist. His two theoretical planets hava
these elements:
First planet — Distance from the sun.
forty-seven times the earth's distance;
mass, one twelve thousand nine hun
dredths of the sun's mass.
Second planet— Distance from the sun.
seventy-one times the earth's distance;
mass, one twenty-eight hundredth of
dredth of the sun's mass.
Both of these planets are thus exterior
to Neptune, whose distance from the sun
is thirty times the earth's distance. The
first planet has a mass somewhat greater
than that of Neptune, the second tna*s
somewhat greater, than that of Saturn.
Their stellar magnitude would be about
tenth and hence they are easily photo
graphed. Professor Pickering, director o*
the Harvard College observatory, has in
stituted a search for them on the photo
graphic maps of the sky which are In
process of construction at Cambridge.
Such planets as these would have a small,
though appreciable, disk, and would
therefore differ In appearance from tbo
fixed stars in their neighborhood. It Is
likely that if they veritably exist they
could be detected by their appearance
alone In the great telescopes of the Terkes
and Lick observatories.
The researches undertaken by Mr. Lau
are very delicate and it is far from cer
tain that the data are sufficient for the
purpose. The method Is adequate and
sooner or later will lead to a complete
solution.
stance, you go Into the bakery shop and
you find that the baker who Is waiting on
you Is none other than Nlcodcmus. while
at the butcher shop you find Aaron Is th«
butcher who sells pork fresh and salted,
while Moseip and Isaac are manufacturers
and wood carvers of crucifixes of Christ,
and the Magdalen la a waitress at th8
bearding house.
Dan Frbhman lived with Pontius Pllats
and Al Hayman lodged with St. Matthew.
General de Young dwelt with Herod,
while thr*»e rabbfs from Berlin lodged
In the house of the Madonna. .
Judas plays his part so as to Impress
you that the reason he betrays Christ is
because he doubts his divinity and rea
sons that If he Is God he (Judas) will
be powerless to injure him. For it stands
to reason that the thirty pieces of silver
did not influence him. for when he be
comes conscious that he has injured
Christua. whem he gloved, he threw back
the silver and was'crushed with despair,
raying as he did it:
"I Rm a traitorous wretch? He must
die? I rave delivered him over to death?
May ten thousand dovlls tsar me In pieces,
grind me to powder. And you. ye blood
hounds, there, take your accursed blood
money back again."
(Throws the money back at them.)
His acting is sub!ime % as he reads the
following lines: ¦ '.".'
"O that he were but here— how gravlous
was he ever toward me. O that I could
but look upon his face once more! I would
lay hold upon them, my only anchor of
salvation. Eut he lies in fetters; Is per
haps already dead through the mad rag«
of his foes. Alas! through my guilt. For
me there is no more hope, no more salva
tion. My crime. 13 too great: no repent
ance can atone for it. He Is de-id, and I—
I am his murderer. O unhappy hour In
which my mother brought me Into the
world. How long must I drag out this
fhamed. martyr.U life? How long bear
this torment within me. as a pestilence
from which mm flee, shunned and de
spised by nil the world? No, I can no
longer bear it. not a step further will I
go. Here shall I end this cursed life. On
this trie shall I hang this disastrous
fruit."
(Undoes his girdle and hangs himself.)
"Ha, come thou serpent, entwine my
neck and strangle the betrayer."
And Commissioner Foote resided with
St. Peter, who showed signs cf distress
and astonishment after listening to
Foote's narration of how large the Golden
Gates were in California, and he wanted
to lay 20 to 1 that they were grander and
cost more to hang than those Peter had
charge of.
The rabbis in the temple looked gen
uine: their drfss. their gestures and
speeches cnutd net b*> addrd to and make
p more realistic scene, yet every one of
these parts was performed by Catholic
subjects.
The history of mysterious plays Is old.
The Oberammorsau Passion Play Is the
outgrowth of the plague that occurred in
1633. The survivors came together and
pledged themselves that every ten years
they would clve the performance as a
means of relitio'^s instruction. In 1779 a
manifesto was issued by the Prince Arch
bishop of Salzburg which condemnfd and
prohibited the Passion Play on account of
the ludicrous mixture of the sacred and
profane, and the same was enforced by
the civil authorities of Austria and Ba
varia. However, through special appeal
made by the priests and villagers the
Prince permitted the play to be contin
ued, with the understanding that it was
to be revised so as to omit such parts as
would offend the more pious. The play
Is given in German. Oberammergau haa
MOO inhabitants.
The persons who participate In the play
are paid a small sum. Christus gets
about 1000 marks for the season, and the
others scale down to small amounts. The
management is In the hands of a com
mittee and the local priest.
The plays are hold on Sundays and
feast days or holidays. The Income for the
season must be large. In 1S90 over 200.
000 people attended, and on aecount of the
increased travel to see the Paris Exp<*»i
tlon the attendance for 1900 will exceed
the previous one.
The erect, gracious and manly form of
Christus as he bends over his mother Is'
to be admired, and love for him 'grows
as you observe how manly and yet how
tender he is.
Christ— Mother! mother! for the tender
love and motherly care thou hast bestow
ed upon me all through these three and
thirty years, receive the warmest thanks
of thy son. The Father calls me. Best
of motht-rs. fare thee well.
Mary— My son, where shall I see the*
ucaln"
Christ— There, dearest mother, where
word of ecrlpture Is fulfilled, "he is
brought, as a lamb to the slaughter and
he openeth i»ot his mouth."
Mary— Ah, God! my son. Ah, Jesus! thy
mother.
Women— Best o* rr-.others.
Disciples <as they depart)— What that
will be we cannot endure. ,
Christ — Do not succumb at the first
strucsle. Hold fast on me
than him that hath sent him. If ye know
these things, blesecl are ye, if ye do them.
Children, yet a littre while I am with you.
but that my memory, may never die
among you, I will leave you an eternal
memorial behind me, that so I .may be
always with you and among you.
My children, the old covenant that my
Father of old made with Abraham and
Isaac and Jacob hath reached its end.
And I say unto you. in this hour a new
covenant begins, which I thus solemnly ¦
Institute, as my Father hath appointed,
and this covenant will endure until all is
fulfilled..
(He takes. the bread, blesses and breaks
it.)"
Take, eat, this is my body that Is given
for you.
(He froes around and gives to each of
the disciples.) r
DAILY LIFE OF THE PEOPLE WHO PLAY IT
THE SUNDAY CALL.
As often as you do th!s, do this in re
membrance of me. : ' / ¦
(He takes the cup of wine and blesses
It.)
Take this and drink ye all of it. For
this cup' is' the new testament In my
blood shed for you and for many for the
remission of sins.
(He hands the cup to all.)
As often, as ye' do this,' do this -In re
membrance of me.
When this part of the play Is finished
the audience Is in tears— sobs and sighs
can be heard on every side.
¦'[ To hear Christ speak of his mother or
to his mother makes the term mother,
although sweet, seem the most lovable
word ever pronounced by '. human lips.*
The "good-by, mother" is heartbreaking;
yes, soul-rending 1 . Everything: that is
beautiful in the name- mother is complete
•when one hears Anton Lang express It In
the German. How one's mind and heart
goback to his own dear mother!
(Exit with his disciples.?
It Is interesting to see the participants
in the play in their daily life. For ln-
Pontius Pilate Is well played. The Mag
dalen is well sustained by one whose gen
tleness dispels all thoughts of ha.' wn.
Pontius Pilate in speaking of Christ is
made to say:
"I think like you. I cannot believe*
that this man harbors any criminal de
signs in his breast. He has so much
nobility in his bearing and in his speech
that he seems to me rather a wise man.
too wise for these dark men to be able
to endure the light of his truth. And
that evil dream of my wife about bin
if it should really turn out that he Is
of higher origin— No, I will not at all
permit myself to comply with the wishes
of the prisets. (To hi* servants)' Let the
high priests once more appear before me.
Lead the accused to the bar."
- At "times there are six hundred women
end children on the stage.
curtained, and the preliminary to the ris
ing of the curtain is the prologue, sung by
a choir headed by a grand and proud look
ing old man who stands at least six feet
two Inches high and whose maje&tlc
stride leaves a lasting impression on youc
mind. He Is called "Prolosaus," and he is
assisted by about forty slngcrB, untrained
and uncultivated, yet their music is be
yond the ordinary. When the choir has
about finished the curtain rises on the
tableau that indicates the coming scenes.
The play begins at S:30 a. m. and con
tinues till 12:30 p. xn., a recess for lunch
lasts till 2 p. m. and the play finishes at
5:20 p. m. The scenes are so realistic that
the audience is often in tears. No inter
ruption by applause la permitted, and ap
proval Is only given at the end of the
performance.
The audience Is almost made up of
strangers who make pilgrimages from all
parts of the globe, and it is a thoroughly
cosmopolitan . gathering. Here you . can
present play Is unequal In an artistic
eense to the other characters. The play
would have been perfect If the Madonna
had br-en equal to Christum.
. No false beards or wigs are worn in
. thin pljsy." 'Every one of the participants
has grown his hair and beard to look the
part. The cast contains over six hundred
people. The stage is enormous In size and
Is In the open air. The audlenc« are she»
tered under a covered depot shaped struc
ture which seats four thousand people.
The south rnd is open to the stage; the
mountains rise back ot the Etaue, the sky
and clouds and shades therefrom lend
reality to the scenes. The magnificence
of the costumes is worthy of highest com
mendation and when America's two great
est theatrical managers, Messrs. Haymin
and Frohroan, say they never saw any
thing: to excel It.lt must be accepted a*
a fact- The orchestra is placed below the
front of the «tag© and out of Bight of the
audience. The main or center stage is
see sunns ride by side the Catholic J*rtS"rt
and Bishop, the Epbcopalian minister,
and, in fact, ministers of every denomi
nation, Israelites, Mohammedans, the
devout and indifferent Christians, maga
zine and newspaper correspondents, stu
dents, and In fact the mental culture of
every tongue could be gathered from
among the £rc&t audience that assembles.
The play docs not commence with the"
birth of Christ, but with his entrance on
an ass to Jerusalem: he is accompanied
by his cou«ln. St. John, and he Is first
seen where he 'drives the traders away
from the front of the temple. It is the
only time he displays anger or Keem3 hu
man. At all other times he is lowly and
meek. The character Is beautifully por
trayed by Anton^Lang, who looks ..he Bib
lical picture and acts It beyond criticism!
His manner Is simple, gentle arid kindly;
his voice is clear and sympathetic— In fact,'
it is almost musical, and when he par
takes of the last supper the scene Is pa-
thetle, especially when he washes the feet
of his di.«dples and gives to them the
bread and wine.
rr be contrast of features betv/een all tha
other disciples and Judas Iscarlot Is one
no picture can portray. Judas Iscariot Is
one of the best-rendered in the play. No
trained actor of our times could play and
look the part as he does. In the scene
whfre fie repents his traitorous acts
toward his master he rises to grand
heights and, villain that he Is, he almost
invites forgiveness!
The dialogue gives an idea of the scene
enacted. ¦ .
Bartholomew— That would, Indeed, be
best, for then no more strife would arise
among us.
Christ— Have 1 been so long with you
and yet ye are so engaged with the things
of this world? Doubtless I prepare for
you. who have continued with me In my
temptations, the kingdom, even as my
father hath prepared, that ye may eat
and drink with me in my kingdom and sit
upon jtnrones and judge the twelvo tribes
of Israel/ But mark ye well, the kings
of. the earth bear rule over them mightily.
Uut It shall, not be bo with you. The
greatest among you let him be as the
younger, and who will be foremost among
you, let him he your servant. , Who. then,
is the greatest? ¦ Ho that mlnistereth at
the table or he that sltteth thereat? Is
it not he that sitteth? But I am among
"you as one that seryeth. Now sit down,
zny beloved tlisciDles.
(He lays aside h-is upper garment and
girds himself with a towel and pours wa
ter into a basin). . *
Disciples— What Is he going: to do?
Christ— Peter, reach hither thy foot.
Peter— What! Lord, wilt thou wash n,/.
feet?
Christ— What I Go tnou knowest not
now, but thou shalt know hereafter.
Peter— Thou shalt never wash my feet.
Christ — If I wash thee not. thou hast no
part or lot with me.
Peter— If that Is so, then not my feet
only, but also my hands and head.
Christ— He who is washed needeth not
save to wash his feet, but Is clean every
whit. , :,.
• (He washes the disciples' feet and after
he has put on his upper garment says):
Now are ye clean, but not all.
15On the Jumma canal, at Delhi, monkeys
swarm upon the banks and. being over
crowded and consequently unhealthy,
they suffer considerably from various dis
eases. When one monkey Is obviously 111
a few of the larger monkeys watch for *
favorable opportunity and then push it
into the canal. If^ the poor creature he
not drowned at one© it Is thrown Into the
water again after It regains the trees, or
els© it is forced to keep aloof from tb«
rest of the company.
Inanimate brutes. The numerous children
and the sick husbands and wives do not
worry them. To lie on the sidewalk o*r
the ground, anywhere, drunken, filthy,
covered with flies and vermin, is the para
dise of the Whitechapel inhabitant, man
or woman.
How to reach this class of humanity, as
low in the: order of intelligence as the Jel
lyfish or the crab,, yet supposed to have
a soul, had long been the despair of re
formers, .when. the Salvation Army ap
peared with its drums and tambourines.
Its gimcracks and fireworks. It thumpct
a refrain Into the -ear of a sot and made
him look up. - This in itself was a great
triumph, it wag really , the key to the
situation. ThiLsotX attention had been
obtained, for one ( brief moment, the .brass
; drum had.accpmplished what science and
.elocucxtcs.had. attempted in .vain, and the.
We took the train at Bloombury marked
Whitechapel and were thus plunged at
once into the slums. .The tramway itself
was a bit of the slums on wheels. As all
the places on top were, taken, we were
forced to go inside, an experience that
should have gratified forevermore the
most ambitious "slummer." I had my
jhoice of two places, one next to an old
woman peacefully sleeping away a "jag"
with a basket of fish on her lap; the oth
er by the side of a blear-eyed Individual
who was devouring a most unsavory mess
of strong cheese. To make a selfish selec
tion between these two possibilities would
have been difficult. I didn't try it; but
sank at random next to the fish woman,
leaving the cheesy corner to the pro
fessor. In a few moments the aged wo
man began to nod my way and to adjust
her basket at an angle favorable to dump
ing its contents In my lap. I tried to look
unconscious and, not to reveal the »ea-
Blckness that soon began to possess me,
for the lesson had been well taught me
that the slightest display of disgust might
lead to ,very disastrous consequences. I
realized the danger full well, yet now I
felt: that I should shriek should one of
those clammy dead fish tumble out upon
me. The fish were smelling to heaven most
persistently, for many days had flown
since they sported free of care,neath crys
tal waves. My neighbor on fhe other
side looked like a pickpocket In fact,
the more. that I looked at him the more
convinced I became, that such waa his
For my own part I find "woman-haters"
the most delightful people on earth. They
relieve us of all personal responsibility.
We may dump the blame for all of our
caprices on to our poor old sex and dc
what we please. Having been assured
that he had never expected me to keep
ray part of the contract I went In search
cf the kodak. ¦
"Probably," said the professor dryly,
"but you seem to forget that I shall have
future use for this six feet of manhood."
Then he began one of his characteristic
tirades against womankind in general.
For the professor Is an avowed woman
hater and to accuse us of our sex is the
most available way known to him of vent-
Ing his spite. He never had seen a
woman who could k<»ep an agreement—
they always broke their word at the last
minute; they were . absolutely unreliable
and so on through the list of woman
hating invectives.
As we started out I made one last ap
peal for the kodak. "Please let me takf
it. I am sure that your six feet of man
hood will be able to protect me."
"Pull your hat over your eyes," I sug
gested, "and you may at least pass for
the 'polished villain.' Perhaps they will
forgive the 'polish' ti\ Whitechapel for
the sake of the villainy."
"Well. neither are you." I retorted, for
the professor was absolutely picturesque
in the garb that he had affected. With
a slouch hat, a low collar and a floating
necktie he looked like the hero of a Sat
urday afternoon melodrama.
"Much too respectable." he answered
dlscouragingly. "You're not a bit Whlte-
The jury, consisting of. several ac
quaintances versed in London ways,
agreed with the professor. It vould never
do to take a kodak to Whltechape!. -ae
thieves and- crooks tnat abound in this
region might suspect us of being detec
tives and make things very disagreeable.
Thus overcome there was nothing to do
but to submit, although I still had hopes
of having things my way. With shabbv
gloves and my very oldest outfit I pre
sented myself before the professor on
that Sunday morning.
"How do I look?*' I aske;l him as he
scrutinized me critically.
occasion, and that I leave the kodak at
home. The first condition was accepted
without demurrer: for the second I beg
ged the privilege of submitting a brief or
two and of arguing the case In full. Nay.
more: I even demanded a jury, for I did
not want to leave the kodak at home.
Salvation Army flourished.- That It lias
need .yet awhile to sigh for new worlds
to conquer is very palpable in ¦ this part
of London^ The work that it does is inch
by inch; U is almost discouragingly slow.
The slums are really much better than
they used to be before the days of the
Salvation Army, every one will tell^you.
but here my imagination stops. It refuses
to depict vhat they used to be. A worse
condition than exists at present does no'.,
seem within the range of possibilities.
We planned our trip to Whitechapel for
Sunday morning, for. consistent In 'its
lawlessness, Whitechapel refuses to ob
serve the Sabbath, and Sunday is the
busy day. It is the market day and the
most interesting to the sightseer. A re
spectable London shop could not keep
open on Sunday were it so disposed. It
would soon be closed by the police, for
London is rigid In ita Sunday law. -But at
Whitechapel the police are powerles>.
Long ago it was discovered that this side
of London must simply be winked at by
the law.' It would hardly be practicable
to put a million people in jail, and even
were there no question of the feasibility of
this plan it would be doubtful as a disci
pline, for Jail to many of these White
chapel- people is a luxury. It means
something to eat and a place to sleep: in
winter it means protection from the cold.
In> visiting "Whitechapel you must take
your own chance: every one will tell you
that the police can offer you little or no
protection.
My escort In this expedition was a uni
versity professor who "happens to be six
feet two and rather Illustrative In appear
ance of the athletic side of university
life. lie agreed to take me to White
chapel on two conditions — that I render
myself > as threadbare as possible for the
"On our side of the water we have a
theory that we take quite seriously," I
said at last to the professor, "that all
men are born equal."
We returned by a different route, past
the Bank of England and Saint Paul's
cathedral. The service at Saint Paul's
was just over and the people were pour
ing out— that wonderfully well-dressed,
top-hatted, long-coated English crowd,
the most respectable and genteel In ap
pearance, perhaps, that you will find on
earth. We looked in silence, each of us
impressed with the« ereatness and the
suddenness of the contrast.
. We wended our way through several
streets of this sort, past the markets
where old meat and vegetables cast off by
the cltv establishments are sold to this
starving population to whom anything la
acceptable that holds their wretched
bodies and souls together. I meant to
take a number of pictures in spite of the
professor, but I had not the heart, to say
nothing of the courage, to turn the kodak
on their misery. The few snap3 that I
was able to obtain were In the more de
cent corners.
Old men with moist eyes and red coses
and hands with crinkled skin and black
nails blinked their way along from one
shop to the other, probably with a penny
to spend and looking arduously for the
best bargain. Children, pale-faced and
starved, poor little pickpockets. 10 or 12
years of age, stood about in number*
awaiting their chances to steal. To grab
something at one end of the street and
run to the other and sell it Is the popu
lar trick. Every one knows that th©
thlnj is stolen, but the sympathy of
W,hitechapel Is always with the thief.
He has a better chance to sell his wares
than the merchant. Whether this sym
pathy be in the atmosphere of White
chapel I know not, but at any rate I felt
myself catching It. This white-faced, big
eyed urchin, with wrinkles around his
eyes and lines about his mouth like a man
of 50. was the thief: this greasy, nosey,
lippy Jew was the merchant. Pernicious
though it may- have been, my heart welled
over for the little thief and I wished him
godspeed in his maneuvers. Most of these
youngsters boast the proud distinction of
being "known to the police," the' only
distinction, by the way. that is at all
available to the ambitious resident of
Whitechapel. Almost as soon as they
can walk or talk they are put on the list
as the "companions of thieves," as if
they could choose their companions, poor
little wretches. In all of this Jumble
cursing and swearing and the foulest
kind of language made the day hideous.
Although in the morning, hours drunkards
were everywhere apparent, asleep on the
sidewalks or staggering through the
streets. Puny, scabby babies, loathsome
little victims of filth and disease, clung
to the breasts of insensible, drunken
mothers.
In this fame street is a public house
that haa been famous for centuries as
the rendezvous of beggars. Here at
night the lame man throws away his
crutch and the blind man sees and high
carnival is held after a day's successful
Imposition. Here, also, he who is suf
ficiently ambitious may enjoy the real
privilege of meeting a real live burglar,
not in the dark with a mask and a lant
ern, but socially. He may smoke a pipe
with him and listen to tales of his dar
ing deeds. For the burglar to the people
of Whitechapel Is a "jolly good fellow."
although a little condescending In his
way toward the petty thieves and pick
pockets with which he is surrounded.
¦ We were really not so far from the
great slum center as we had imagined.
In twenty minutes we arrived at Middle
sex street, formerly known as Petticoat
lane, a corner that is unique and famous
throughout the world. It la the region
of old clothes In the most Inconceivable
abundance. Old boots and shoes wera
piled In pyramids or banked against im
provised walls all the length of the street
Old coats, old hats and bonnets, men's
and women'*: faded old cotton frocks,
probably the cast-off of servants, were dis
played In proud arrav. The sellers of
these wares were mostly Jews, oily,
slimy, obr.oxious-lookliig individuals with
huge noses, elaborate watch chains and
dirty hands. The cheapness of their wares
can hardly be imagined. It being possible
to buy a complete outat. shoes included,
for less than a shilling. And the buyers,
poor things. I think I shall see them for
ever. Women with pallid faces, half
defiant and half deatnlike In their ex
pression, lingered enviously over pasts
diamonds and make-betieve turquoir-e.
Loud-mouthed old termagants shook their
fists in the faces of the Jew3 and hag
gled over the difference of a ha'penny In
the price of cotton frocks.
"A cab," said the professor in his most
cynical fashion. ""Well, you are a woman
if ever one existed. You start out pre
pared for any kind of horror and In twen
ty minutes you are looking for a cab.
Now, there aren't any cabs In "White
chapel and even If there were It wouldn't
be at all safe to rid© In one. It would
probably' be smashed to pieces in very
short order. It Is one of two things— take
a tramway such as we have just left or
¦«valk."
"Excuse' me from anv more trams on
this side," I protested. "Let's walk."
"No, I don't want to go back, but I
must confess that I prefer the slums at
a respectful distance. I don't want them
In my lap nor crawling all over me. Let's
take a cab till we arrive within walking
distance of the markets.
"You are a great one to go slumming,"
he laughed, when we were once again in
the street. "I think I should have stood
It for half an hour after starting out so
bravely. I suppose you want to go back?"
profession; but no matter, I huddled a3
close to him as possible, for anything was
preferable to the fish basket. In the midst
of this dilemma what should I discover
sauntering slowly up the seam of the-pick
pocket's trousers but a most healthy look
ing bug. The proverbial situation of be
ing between the devil and the deep sea
was nowhere compared to my position. I
simply couldn't stand it. I nodded to the
professor, who was looking rather pale
himself around the mouth, and suggested
that we get out. He understood and out
we went, although miles away from our
destination.
GLIMPSE AT THE SLUMS OF LONDON
HAVE seen a small part of the slums
I of London and now all other poverty,
!i all other misery that my eyes have
ever beheld become Joyous and radiant
In comparison. I think of the poor In
Ireland, huddled indiscriminately Into
black, dreary shanties with the cow and
the pig and the chickens, and something
akin to comfort possesses me. After all,
there are companionship and love and
pympathy in this miscellaneous Jumble;
there is a suggestion of comfort In the
prunt of the pis: there Is warmth in the
breath of the cow. And besides, there is
a. possible pride, a sense of ownership
conveyed by the possession of the cow
and the pig that is not by any means to
be despised. But better than all, peer
Into the blackest of Irish shanties anc"
you will find a crucifix, a few holy pict
ures and a statue of the Virgin Mary.
Faith and hope and Inve abide in the
drcariopt of Irish hovels and who shall
Fay that the man has missed his share
of human jcy to whom there things have
Wen given? I think of the poor in Italy,
limping, whining, pursuing every strang
er, snatching at poefcetbooks and reveal
ing every sort of self-inflicted deformity,
yet to-day their life rec:r.s to me not
without it? ray of sunshine. I'nder Ital
ian skies there is always beauty to behold
and like the Irish the poor of Italy fine
an infinite .srlare in thoir reliRlon. Nay
more, they find therein an ecstr.ey. AI
the feet of bespangled virgins their sor
rnws arc forgotten: in the burning cf i
candle untold realms are theirs. The;
will pick your picket just the same, li
spite of their lively faith in the DiriiM
Bambiro. in spite of their ardor for thi
toe of Sair.t Peter, but no matter, it i;
at lea?; the emotional, the poetic ride 01
life that is predominant among them: th*
s-piritur.l thins is uppermost, the brute if
subordinate.
But the poor of (London— God plt>
them— have ncne of that effervescence 01
temperament to modify their dull. cr>!c
brutality. The Anglo-Saxon lack of emo
tlon may be a BterUcg character in cer
t.iin respectable classes, but ;n the slums
it renders life a stupor, devoid of sensa
tion, except the purely animal cravings
In America, we do not quite understand
the Salvation Army, perhaps we do noi
quite need it. We have enough of Latin
and of Irish blood In our veins to render
an awakening possible without a drum or
e. tambourine. It is only in London that
the fcalvation Army may really be ap
preciated. Here it loses its eccentric as
pect and climbs at once In one's estima
tion fo a work of astounding genius. For
the men and women that one sees in
the slums of London are not the pict
uresque poor for whom it is so easy to
be awakened to pity. They do not tell
you talcs cSoumerous children and sick
husbands, nor do they take the pains to
reveal the stumps of arms and legs and
expatiate rpon their misfortunes.
They are simply b'.ouzy, blear-eyed,
ewollen. drunken in many casey. «lmost
THE SUNDAY CALL.
16"Who— who are you who dare to tell me
my purposes?" he roared. "Conspire! A
Chinese head has fallen for Ic^.s fhrii
that."
"l-et us waive ceremony," replied the
visitor brusquely. "The Tsung Shui-wu
Ssu is known to me by reputation as a
faithful servant of my house and a man
of few words. Speak."
"Your Highness tonrpires to raise a
race war against, foreigners this ytar."
The man leaped to his feet with a fur
lous gesture. ' • •
At midnight, with the utmost secrecy,
a swarthy, broad-shouldered Chinaman,
with the face of a Roman Antony, was
Introduced into Mr. Pcrlcord's study. Ho
had come entirely unattended, save by tho
lad. Kuei-Hen. and he was dressed in tne
mean garb of a coolie.
. "The lowly abode is greatly honored,"
said the S. G. gravely. {
A MOMENTOUS INTERVIEW
CHAPTER XIX.
The hoy, witn a lingering look from the
dark corner where he stood, went out.
the whole administration or the empire
In the hands of your foreign civil service
and your foreign-trained Chinese, and
*.incc no Manchu will condescend to learn
your barbarous tongue it will end In an
attempt to overthrow our holy dyn-sty.
It 13 a treason. I say. and. by my ances
tors.-as treason it shall be wiped out in
blood."
"Your Highness forgets that the holy
¦ftmperor in person Indorsed the memorials
of KanK Yu-wel. A king cannot conspire
aK<>in»t himself."
"Kuarjg Hsu a ki»jj;:" retorted the
"I see your Highness is more versed In
history than T knew," said th« S. G. with
profound dejection. "T do not dispute
your theory, although I think that you
are making a mistake In relying on your
Chinese subjects. They are a peaceable
and money-loving people, and they will
weary of ft/war In whirh victory brings
them no rest. Your Highness has under
estimated the srowV.h of civilization which
has been .sapplnpr their turbulence. The
Kmpcror himself has shown a fondness
ripened It now: I take It on the bound
and hurl It at my country's enemies." :
It is a curious thlngr that In China the
ordinary residents of the Mttlemenls
m-v<-r rea«!ze the f.tate of popular feeling
about them. Their boys are such noto
rious alarmists that It is the fashion to
Ignore rumors Of riot until the riot oc
rurs. The only result of the rumors Is
to make the foreigners a little more »en-
Mtlve and therefore resentful of the
customary Insults. When a man feels that
fie Is purrcunded by hatred the barking:
cf a Cos is c;i'jufli to upset his nerves
The Incident of Dlako's rcayipeara r.'.o
and, indeed. -^11 tho sporting: gossip which
upunlly occupies IV-kins for u fortnight
after the cup race, was to be Immediately
i- wallowed up in far more serious topics.
1'hi: autus~<n of litfJ had been exeeptior
aljy dry. the snowfall had been slight,
and for* the first lime In many years the
f-vr.r.s »'»ad b«:cn rainless. Consequently
there wa* much distress' in the north.
and starving- country folk began filtering
into the capita!. They thronged the
gates, and as many of them had never
¦eca foreigners before their presence be
came a decided nuisance, and on more
than «bc occasion the young men of Le
gation street wore obliged to ?pur .their
pdaSea to force a way through the crowd.
This resulted in the trampling of a beg-
Ifar or two. and suddenly the curiosity
became converted Into a furious clamor.
Orders were l3?urd by the S. O. that
r.nne of hi* staff wore to ride beyond th#>
•sv.-tlls without Jeavo.
THE GATHERING OF THE STORM
CHAPTER XVI II
Nothing: more was «<-cn of Blake. Af
ter a host of ccrmiue*. society came to
Xhm conclusion that the unfortunate man
was mad. and ihe old sinister rumor at
his drinking: habl;.« was revived to ac
count for hl3 eccentric reappearance.
.Every or.p noticed and admired thU
er"<vful frat. To their "surprise, the boy
Kallor'^d slrEii.crht up to lilake a.n<l a<3
<!r<\-5«ed him irapeiuousiy. There- was a
hurried whispered colloquy; the man np
pearori s.Ftoi:i?hed. ii prey to a strange
corfilct of c-iaotionp; il.cn with a look of
despair, us two Ctssacks cantered
toward him, he cave the rein to his
beast and shot iikc an arrow from ths
course.
Others, apparently, felt the same cur
iosity, for Jifi soon as the flag v.-er.t down
prodatming B!ak<- fhe vJnner of. the S.
G.'« famous cup. evt-ry cne brjran flocking
out of the enclosure toward the pad
dock. }>lake's mount was pulling hard.
anJ haJ shot ¦ hundred yards b^y-jn.l
the wlni.Ing lvjs'i. Blake, an he sawel
him to a- trot) seemed to hesitate
whether to turn back ar;d face society
or to disappear attain. At <his niome-.t
the Iv.y. who »af "still liFJeninic to what
Vas?!Jich was saying, gave hl.« pony a
fnjtirt cut and galloped after Blake. In
hip haste, he forgot, to throw his leg
asirici«? th»- f.addlo. but he £<-emed to *lt
BM <*as!ly >idcwnys.
When Captain Va?si!ioh wjilked up to
the Cossack sergeant anJ save him his
Instructions this boy hstened unobserved,
although he could nol be expected to un
derstand the Russian language. At the
tame time the cries from the srrand staml
told that the jockeys were cominj; up th?
•'ast Ftretrh. "Hrre they come: The blav'k
leads! Black Bess! Black Be?«!" was the
shout.' As the superb FtaHion flew past,
his rider ben3iT:g: his iiead low over the
beast's neck a? if to avoid recognition,
r.r.r- lady rcrrarked: "How hagpard Mr.
Blake looks, poor fellow • Where has he
betn all this time?"
These attendants, tosether with a score
cf mafooo riding their masters' second
mnur.ts. formed a croup at the side of
the grand stand. Among them might have
been noticed a handsome and handsomely
dressed boy, lounging videsaOdle fashion
on a ema.ll p°r.y which belonged to Mr.
Pericords stable. The boy was probably
in attendant/ on Fomo lady guests stay
ing with the Fuperintendf-nt for the races.
He had thrown one iep over the pommel
of his saddle in order lo watch the race3
at his case.
Lady Macdonald looked around at him
with intense surprise. The usually suave
and unemotional diolcmatist seemed to
be positively quivering with anger. He
left his seat and gave a v/hlsjiered order
In Russian to his attache. Captain Vas
*=nich. •who in his turn descended and
"Whispered instructions to the Minister's
Cossack attendants.
"I assure your ladyship that I was quite
unaware cf this gentleman's presence In
Peking. In fact. I haJ very good reasons
for supposing fhat he had left tho coun
try. Since he has the hardihood to show
his fare here again after the— the equiv
cral . ircurr.stances connected with his de
parture it will be my duty to— will your
Jadyship pardon me If I leave you for a
moment?"
"I suppose this !s the diplomatic way
of answering: my question, M. de Samo
var." vaid I^aiJy Macdonald coldly. "I
must fongratulate you on arranging a
dramatic surprise. It only remains to s?e
Miss Beriskoff reappear to produce quits
a curtain."
And such. Indeed, to the astonishment
cf every one, appeared to be the fact.
The pony, a big. bull-necked runaway,
•which Blake had broken in and which no
one but Blake could mount, was well
kxxm; but every one supposed that the
animal had been sent down to Shanghai,
»«= it had not been auctioned at either
Peking or Tientsin letter B'.ake's disap
pearance. Xor. of course, had Blake been
heard of since then. Now only, as tha
fiery beast dashed past the stand in j%
lather cf foam, did the spectators recog
nize In ihe lithe form and splendid horse
manship of the rider the disgraced ami
banished assistant. There was a buzz of
comment. The seem of a scandal lent
piquancy to the excitement.. No one
cheered. The ladles craned forward b<?
reath their parasols, whispering eageriy
whi!e they watched for his return. Blake
bore the reputation of being the handsom
est rr.an in Peking, in spite of his gloomi
ness and ta.citurr.it;.-; the rumor of his
disgrace, rapped by the audacity of e!op
iv.g with the ward of the Russian Minis
ter, had elevcted him lo the pedestal of
"Nevertheless, that predaceous depart
ment generally succeeds In carrying off
all the good things, does it not. your lady
ehlp? See, is that not a revenue xnau
¦who leads on the black?"
"It 18 Mr. Blake himself." said Lady
Macdonald, quietly.
lowed that charming girl to be
ca.rrl«»d off by a revenue man — and a dls
cliargrd junior at that?"
WHAT has become of your ward?"
asked 1-aOy Macdonald of M. de
Samovar. "You have never al-
CHAPTER XVII-Contlnued.
"If he knew— and I understand that he
employs agents to watch me, even In my
own household— if he knew that I had
sought audience with the- Prince he would
have In his hands the advantage which he
has long Intrigued for In .vain. He came
near obtaining it a few weeks ago when a
Mr. Blake, who had been in my employ,
rashly showed his face on the racecourse.
An unknown friend warned Mr. Blake of
bis danger and he fled in time to escape
The boy looked up.
"I desire greatly to have a private con
ference with hie Highness. If It were
known that I had sought »uch an inter
view It would forfeit the confidence the
Yamen has in me and excite the gravest
suspicion' toward me on the part of the
Ministers. And yet It is the only hope; I
szy nothing of the ruin of my llfe'B work
in this country. The lives of all our
friends are in danger.
Why did he my "our"?
"I will bring the Prince here this even
ing, master."
"Kuei-llen. I have something to say to
you. A tertaln Minister seeks my down
fall: for him It would be of more Import
ance than the-llvcs of all the foreigners."-
"I do not want you to run any risks.
Kud-lien. And yet"— his voice was scarce
ly audible — "you are the only one I can
trust."
"]H it Prince Tuan?"
The S. G. looked up keenly, lie made no
comment on the lad's Intuition.
The S. G. said th!a rather as a statement
of fact than n question, and th«* boy ap
peared embarrassed. Then he said impet
uously:
"1 will deliver a message to the Emperoi
himself If it Is your wish, master."
"Your relative is Jn a position to deliver
a verbal message to one of the Imperial
princes?"
"Vfe, master."
.The piccolo player entered and stood in
the shadow by the door, as was hi3 wont.
"I believe you told me that you had a
relative iti the palace, Kud-lien."
The S. G., after some minutes' reflection,
blew the whistle of a speaking tube and
called, "I should like to speak to you,
Kuei-lien."
"There is only one man who can do
that and he Is not a minister, " said Cin
deriian.
"Leave me, my dear James," murmured
Mr Pericord, who had begun to peruse
the so-callfcd ultimatum.
"What would you?" replied the S. G..
wearily taking the memorial of the diplo
matic "corps In his hand. "Nothing can
be done in dealing with a 'body' like the
Tsur.g 11 Yamen. Theie Is only one maxim
that is of any avail in diplomacy, and that
Is. find the man aV.d talk to him as to a
man."
and make him impatient and scornful.
He unconsciously does his best to precipi
tate the gathering outbreak. It was a
dictum of Anson Burllngamc that half
the bitter. hatred of Chinese to foreigners
Is the cumulative result of the strangers'
overbearing manner, and this has grown
truer every day during forty years. A
Chinaman never forgets the "loss of
face," which Is implied by an unretaliated
blow, and these blows have been freely
distributed of late by the swarm of new
comers who care nothing for native sus
ceptibilities. Germany, for instance, will
not wipe out the memory of her sailors'
high-handedness for many decades,
though she rules Shantung with a stick
of candy. While legation street was.
amusing Itself with horse races Shantung
ar.d Chill were seething with an un- r
governable resentment against all things
foreign, the result of many recent defeats
and encroachments. superadded to the ac
cumulated hatred of years. All North
China was bubbling on the edge of an
awful upheaval, and the ministers were
busying themselves about the construc
tion of summer bungalows in the hills.
Mr. Pericord sat In his office gazing at
0 letter with an air «if profound and anx
ious .listroFs. This letter was a copy ct
one addressed two days before to t!i»
French Minister by Bishop Favier. Vicar
Apostolic at 'Peking, ft was dated the
19th of May. lt«A and ran as follows:
"Mr. Minister: Prom day to day the
situation becomes more serious anil
threatening. In the Prefecture of Pao
tinp-Fu more thnn seventy Christians
have been massacred; near Ieheou only
three days ago Hirer- neophytes were cut
in pieces. Many villages have been pil
laped ami burned: a trreat many others
have been completely aV>an<1one<i.
"More than two thousand Christiar.s are
fleeing, without bread, without cl6thlng,
without shelter. At Peking alone abn:t
four hundred refugees, men. women and
children, are already lodged at our hous
and that of the Sisters. Before eight days
we will probably have many thousands.
"We will have to dismiss the schools
and the colleges, also use all the hospitals
to ir.ake room for these unfortunate peo
ple.
"I'pon the east of up pilla^i ar.d incen
diarism are imminent: we arc hourly re
ceiving the most alarming news. Peking
is surrounded on all sides: the 'Boxers'
are daily coming nearer the capital, de
layed only by the destruction which they
are making of Christians.
"Believe me. I pray you. Mr. Minister,
shut 1 am well informed and say nothing
lichily.
"Religious persecution is only one oo
ieet. The real purpose is the extermina
tion cf Europeans, a purpose which is
clearly set fdrth and written upon the
banners of the Boxers. Their associates
await them at Peking, where they will
bepin hy attacking the churches and finish
with the leqntior.s.
"For us here at the l'aotang the day is
practically ended. All the city knows It;
everybody is speaking of it, and a popuiar
outbreak is manifest.
"Under these circumstances, Mr. Minis
ter. I believe it my duty to ask you kindly
to eesd us at least forty or fifty marines
to protect our persons and our property."
Mr. Pericord looked up at the entrance
of his secretary.
"You have Rot it. 1 see," he said sadly.
"I do not know whether to hope that
our diplomatists have at length awakened
or not. The usual polite remonstrance
¦rould be worse than useless, and yet. In
the present state of court feeling. I am
not sure that forcible language would not
be almost worse."
"You need net have any fear of the lan
guage being too forcible, sir." replied Cin
rierj.an withva bitter grin. "It begins with
the usual 'I have the honor to inform
your Highness and your Excellencies.'
demands half a doztn absolutely Inade
quate precautions, and ends with 'I im
prove the occasion to reiterate to your
Hlghncfll ar.d your Excellencies the assur
ance of my highest consideration.' Could
anything; be more Inert than a 'demand'
couched in such soappud terms?"
"That is as It may be," replied the
Prince with n certain rude cunning, "but
unfortunately a well-disciplined army Is
not easily aroused to fanaticism. All
great conquests, such, as those*, of my
noble ancestors over .the more' civilized
Chinese, have, been accomplished by the
spirit, the impulse. 'This spirit 13 not to
be found In the Chinese once in a thour
sand years. The destlnv of accidents has
to prec;rlintc. matters now is to court
vaslon while you are •unprepared."
"I understand, sir." said the boy in a
low and quivering voice. "I do not, think
it is possible for any one to serve Mr. Per
icord and his enemies as well."
The S. G. sank his head on his hand.
arrest. That friend of Mr. Blake's uncon
sciously saved me also. I was going to
say, if this Minister of , whom I speak
were to hear of my present purpose I
should not complain. I am willing to sac
rifice my favor at court If by so doing I
can avert a terrible disaster."
"Ah. well— of course; you are perfectly
right to have no- official knowledge of the
matter. When you label a man Unattach
ed. I suppose It means that you disown
responsibility for his services. Of course.
it Is well understood that you cannot
officially undertake to protect us foreign
devils. As a devotion-inspiring autocrat,
you beat even my friend Cecil Rhodes."
"I confess that you bewilder me. Sir
Claude. Would you be kind enough to
explain how any member of the revenue
service has been able to reassure you con
cerning these riots?"
"Certainly. It happened on the day of
the cup race. Your rzan. w.ho is an,
American, sent a note to Conger to meet
him behind the stables during the sec
ond race. Conger, who Is my Tery good
friend, beckoned to me to accompany him.
In this way we did the whole thing in
fifteen minutes without any of our boys,
coolies or linguists being any the wiser.
Your man— a fine fellow; you chose your
Instrument well— has managed to pet Into
the confidence of Tuan's rlghthand man.
Tunjr, by serving him as a drill instruc
tor. He gave us positive assurance that
Tuan meant to shut the gates of Peking
on us at the beginning of June, when an
attcek was to be made on Tientsin while
we were being: held as hostages if It failed.
Mr. Unattached added that the Boxer ras
cals would probably get out of hand and
try to massacre us. I have lost no time
in laying in sand and provisions, I assure
you."
"My warning— three weeks ago? I wish
I could recollect anything of the sort.
What do you refer to?"
"But. my dear Mr. Pericord." said Sir
Claude, who appeared far from upset by
the S. G.'s warning:, "you seem to forget
your own good deeds. Your foresight Is so
Infallible that !t has become a second na
ture'to you, and your right does not know
what your left i? doing. I assure you that
I acted promptly on your warning of three
weeks ago and am quite ready for our
truculent Prince."
Tuan had virtually volunteered the In
formation that ever since the Japanesa
war he had been reorganizing the army
with the distinct intention of declaring 1
war against all foreign powers In. order to
reclaim the sovereign rights abandoned by
his brother Hslen Feng. The treaties
which admitted the right of foreigners to
travel In the interior, to live in separate
settlements under extraterritorial Juris
diction and to have their representatives
resident in Peklug were to be abrogated.
Evidently the manner of effecting this
would be, not by an honorable declaration
of war, but by instigating the people to
massacre. In fact, the war had already
been in progress a month and it might at
any moment culminate in an attack on
Legation street. It was too late to do any
thing save warn the Ministers to flee. The
S. G. was a Chinese statesman, the
Prince's confidence had been given to him
as to a loyal servant of the throne, and
It was impossible for him to betray that
confidence. But If only he had known thl3
a month earlier.
He called privately on the British Jlin
lster.
It may be Imagined that Mr. Pericord
found food for the most anxious thought
in this revelation of the Prince's purpose.
PREPARATIONS FOR DEFENSE.
CHAPTER ftXl.
"I am grateful for the confidence your
Highness has reposed In me," Mr. Perl
cord said gravely, as If this extraordinary
confession were the most natural thing
in the world. "I need not say that It will
be held sacred. Nevertheless. I have to
beg that you will consider the courtesies
of war and warn the foreign Ministers
to leave Peking before their personal safe
ty is Jeopardized."
"Let them use their own discretion on
that point. The warnings are manifest
enough without any necessity that I
should disclose the Intentions you attrib
ute to me. Yes, let them see to them
selves! For, by the tombs of my ances
tors! there are some among them" —
"Enough, your Highness." Interposed
the S. G. peremptorily. "They are my
fellow-countrymen- duty forbids that
I should leave Pekins even If my ser
vices did not insure respect to my office.
As a high officer of the state my humble
counsel remains always at your Hlgn
ness' disposal. The war you are about to
levy will be the downfall of your house.
It Is my duty to express that opinion and
my duty Is done."
"And right manfully, too, by the beard
of Kang Hsl! Rest assured that I respect
and honor you, Mr. Pericord. Good
night."
As the Prince was about to leave tna
room Kuel-lien darted forward and. pros
trating himself, burst into a long and
passionate harangue In support of the S.
G.'s arguments. Tuan listened with unex
pected patience. Then he lifted the lad
by the hand.
"What, you, too, boy? You. whose moth
er Is. next to my own royal stepmother,
the bravest patriot of them all? Verily,
the Tsung Shul-wu Ssu casts a spell upon
all who serve him. You shall enter th©
service of my son when the splendor of
the throne shines once more untarnished
by the presence of presumptuous foreign
ers. So fear not."
"My service is pledged elsewhere, your
Highness," said Kuel-lien sadly.
"And your heart, too, girl," whispered
the Prince, not unkindly*, suddenly grasp
ing the boy's shoulder and looking dosely
In his face. Then he laughed gruffly and
strode away.
"Even then I might hav»> gone.no fur
ther, leaving the rest to my- son. But
when the rumors of this Intrigue found
their way Into Legation street the Minis
ters demanded to see the Emperor In per
son. They virtually declared by that act
that they considered themselves the re
gency and Kuang Hsu their* nominee.
That decided me. In the preoccupations
of politics and war I had almost forgotten
my oath. The audacious presumption of
these foreigners—but I do not Include your
Greatness }n that term — has sealed their
fate. T'"*,., must be driven from Peking."
hould Kuang Hsu die.
"Not until 1S02. when the rebellion of
the Ko Lao Hui and the Manchu Vegeta
rians seemed to betoken an awakening of
the nation to some vague sense of pa
triotism, did I consent to take up my. resi
dence in Peking. The war with Japan
opened my eyes to the fact that all my
energy in training men to the use of bow
and spear had been wasted and that noth
ing could save my country but magazine
rifles. Although I abhor all things that
are foreign. I have thrown my energies.
Into the task of rearming and reorganiz
ing the army, assisted by trusty lieuten
ants like Yuan. This occupied me for
three.* years. . «~ . -..*.._ -
"ThenTTeallzed that the time had come
to take the great step of placing my son
on the throne. During' my long absence
the hated spirit of' foreign Innovation, as
you have Just to!«I mn. had. begun to in
fect even tfle court to which I belong, and
I discovered, to my horror, that the puny
Emperor himself was secretly reading all
ports cf foreign books and filling tha car
dens of hl3 place with foreign' toys worked
by electricity and steam. When Kuans
Hsu appended the vermilion signature to
the outrageous proclamation prepared by
Kang Yu-wel I hesitated no longer. I en
tered the apartments of my aged s!ster-in
law and called upon her once more to ex
ercise her power to save the empire from
clipping out of our hands. The result was
what you know. Kuarg Hsu was seques
tered on an island In the iake and the
Government wns once more declared to be
In the hands of a regency: My son, Po
Chun, was named as heir presumptive
"Pursuant to this promise, I spent twen
ty, years of my manhood seeking battle
everywhere against the turbulent moun
taineers and cattie raiders of the north.
I trayelfd everywhere through the con
fines cf Manchuria and Shensi and watch
ed the encroachments of Kussia. My son
Po «_ huni as he grew up. I have trained
in the samt hardy exercises as I myself
have loved, ar.d taught him also to learn
by heart the mountainous topography of
the torder. And when I conquered an un
ruly hill tribe I conciliated it, teaching
its hardy horsemen to prepare themselves
against a more dangerous enemy than
the Government.
"Then 1 swore an oath to avenge my
brother, though to do I should have to
p'.ace my own son upon the throne. You
know that, owing to certain ancient re
strictions of the ancestral rites, the proph
ecies say that this will sound the death
knell of the Ta Chlng dynasty. I care
not.
' "He died deserted. No sooner was his
sickness manifest than his brother Kung,
accompanied by his concubine? Tzu Hsl,
the present Dowager Empress, left him
and hurried to Peking to put his son on
the throne. Of all his family I alone, a
mere boy, remained by my elder,
brother's bed. And the dying Emperor
said to me: 'Ko Ko, never forget this day.
My own sloth has ruined me. I have neg
lected my army and, with ten million
biavts ready to die at my command, have
fled before ten thousand redheads. Be
thou a soldier; train thy son, when thou
hast one, to be strong and brave, and go
not nigh the accursed capital until thou
canst purge it of barbarians.'
Prince contemptuously. "The puppet has
forfeited all rights to be called Son of
Heaven since he smuggled into the palace
the accursed book which claims that title
for Wild Pig, your God. Nothing save the
necessity that I myself should play dic
tator has kept that waxfaced virgin alive.
So eoon as ever the winnowing fan of
war has sifted out the true leaders from
the false, so that my will shall guide
while my face is hidden, Po Chun, my son,
shall rtlgn, even though he may never
perform the sacred rites to his father."
"Be sure that I sympathize with your
Highness' ambition," replied M. Pericord,
quietly. "It is not In my province to
concern myself with palace Intrigues. But
ambition does not necessitate fanaticism.
Why must your Highness connect a state
intrigue with an anti-foreign crusade?"
CHAPTER XX.
PRINCE TTJAX.
The Prince was evidently affected by
the peculiar power of the S. G. to extract
confidence.
"I will tell your Greatness, and you will
understand why the throne itself is a
small thing beside my patriotism.
When I was still a boy of 10
years of age in I860 my beloved
brother, the sainted Emperor . listen
Feng, was forced to flee northward
by the approach of the French and British
invaders. The allies. Instead of pursuing
us, revenged themselves by the wanton
destruction of my brother's summer pal
ace, the gardens of the Yuan-Ming Yuan.
This insult and the defeat of his army
broke my brother's heart. A palace was
seized within the Imperial City as a resi
dence for the British Envoy. The Em
peror declared he would never return
while his capital was contaminated by the
foreigners' presence. On the 17th of Au
gust the bitterness of his humiliation
overcame him and he died.
"I will /stamp it out!" he cried at
length. ."I will stamp this public opinion
out' until tho only vestige remaining dis
sipates itself in the steam of blood! Do
you think I am Ignorant of your plots be
cause 1 have kept aloof from Peking? It
is you yourself, Perlcord. who are at the
bottom of all this. The names you have
mentioned are those of the ringleaders In
the treasonable conspiracy of the Pao
Wans Hui. You yourself founded this so
ciety ten years ago through the madman.
Mason, Y6u escaped suspicion by sacri
ficing your tool, but the revelations ex
tracted from his servants are still in th<>
archives of the loyal Liu at Nanking. I
tellyoli it Is not a public opinion. It is a
conspiracy, the object of which Is to place
The Prince, only enraged at the con
vincingness of these words, had been
clenching 'his big fists, and with difficulty
abstained from interruption.
for - our foreign Inventions as far as . he
can understand them In toy railways and
electric launches. Kang Tu-wel was not
an adventurer who adopts new Ideas for
the sake of personal aggrandizement. Lin.
Kia and Fan were wealthy "and respon
sible gentlemen, who would not lightly
risk their liberty unless • they felt sure
that change was inevitable. Lo, Wu and
Wang, your Ambassadors In Europe and
America, are not. the less Chinese because
they speak French and English and are
honored guests . of fashionable society
abroad. LI Hung Chang built the Tien
tsin railway and his brother developed the
coal and iron mines at "Wuchang. Sheng
devotes himself to the telegraphs. Yuan
has adopted foreign drill and arms. These,
at least, are not pro-foreign mandarins. I
say these things, your Highness, to con
vince you that while you have burled
yourself in the wilds of Manchuria a nub
ile opinion has been growing up which
trends inevitably to the adoption of for
eign methods: it will never again be
forced Into line with a reactionary con
servatism." j
THE SUNDAY CALL,
Continued Next "Week.
Louise Carter, a Talented San Francisco. GirJ, Who Will Play an- Important Role in the «*5portlng
Duchess' 1 ¦¦•With-." the. Frawley Company at the Grand Opera-house.
"Its independence is safe for many
years. Prince; secured by the rivalries-of
the powers, long enough, at least, for the
formation of an army to uphold it If the
finances are devoted to that purpose. But
, The Prince, although but a heavy-wltted
soldier, was impressed by this unexpected
forecast. ;
» "So be it." he said sulkily; "better that
the nation be plunged in ruin than lose IU
independence." ,.7; "';?. v
"In unloosing the hatred of the ignorant
people, against foreigner?, your highness
will undo my life's work. 1 do not speak
of that work as It affects my own fond
ness and ambitions in it. The first result
of the crusade will. be to* drive from tht.
treaty ports all the foreigners residing
there, and among them the foreign staffs
which I maintain for the collection of rev
enue. Then the taxes, such as can be col
lected when the system I have established
is disorganized, will be seized by the Vice
roys, each in his own province. The re'v •
enues which are remitted to me here
every three months will cea6e to flow In.
Forced loans on the grandees of Peking
will alienate all sympathies from you.
But money is the sinews of war."
"My nationality will not stand In the
way of your vengeance when the t.me
comes, l'rlnce Tuan," replied the S. U.
calmly. "I speak to your cars alone, a.->
man to man', and there Is not another in
whose manliness I should show this con
fidence. Your conspiracy Is that ' of a
patriot and a prince, and will deserve
the more honorable name of war when it
declares itself. For forty jears I have
served your royal house faithfully, ami
been its councilor In troublous times
when your Highness has stood aloof in the
mountains. 1 might claim the privilege of
offering that counsel now to one who will
shortly be in the place of the Son of
Heaven. Am I permitted to speak?"
"Speak; nothing will change my'pur
pose."
in-
17
VALDA
A ROMANCE OF PEKING(so called from Its resemblance to tho
pipes of an organ) make a unique and
artistic hedge.
Novelty never seems to be lacking In
this country. The patient oxen drag
the primitive wooden plow, while the lit
tle donkey seems to be the beast of bur
den. • He affords many »a good subject
for the kodak fiend when laden with his
burden of water jars, or, -pottery "or
bundles of wood. But one. too, Is
astonished by the terrible weights tho
men carry upon their heads and backs.
EXPERIENCE OF A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL
IN MEXICO
Continued on Page Nineteen, '"'-
From . Torreon we went directly to tho
City of Mexico, making no stops en route.
The villages were more numerous as we
proceeded - south and there . was evi
dence of better civilization and more
prosperity.
The essentials of every Mexican town
are a cathedral and a plaza and about
these cluster the low, flat-roofed adobe
houses, with tiled or thatched roofs.
While always quite plain on the exterior,
the. courts are often gay with flowers
and fountains. In some places the cacti
are utilized for fences. The organ cacti
sake understand, we appealed to the pro
prietor for our letters.
"Why! • Didn't you- look in your letter
box?" he said.
, Well,. that was. something new. we had
'not been introduced : to. We were then
shown a row. of little boxes,, one bearing
our Dames, and there our letters had been
One la suddenly' recalled to the present
day -as the train; stop and a dozen-men
eagerly besiege you for your valises in the
hope of a small fee. -: En route : we had
heard ', so , many stories of the disappear
ance of small baggage and other articles
not well guarded, that -: instinctively, we
followed close at the heels of our porter.
I have seen a man carry a heavy bureau
through the streets on his head.
Each stopping place furnishes some
thing of Interest. At Aguas Callentes th<»
men and women, besiege you to buy beau
tiful drawnwork. At Salamanca the
specialty Is straw sombreros nnd baskets.
At Irapuato you are tempted with deli
cious strawberries, arranged in llttlo.
baskets. They, are sold here every day
in the year. Queretaro is noted for
opals. What we had always thought of'
asjireclous stones we soon began' to looli
upon as mere pebbles. It Is the old prin
ciple of the unattainable being dcsirabl'
You arc offered several opals for a fe»
dollars; as the time approaches for th.
departure of the train the price of opal,
falls, as the train is pulling out of tht
station you can get a -whole handful ot
opals for almost your own price. . But, bo
sure you have the right amount in your
hand, for it is'good-by to change. There
is a pie station, a candy station, another
where ' queer mechanical toys are i sold,
and all these surprises add variety to th«
trip.
At- last we reach the City of Mexico,
the Mecca of all tourists.
.There is a. sense of -awe. on 'first .'enter
ing this city, centuries old, whose ro
mantic history reads like a fairy tale.
This capital, which has for more than five
hundred years been successively ruled by
conqueror, viceroy, emperor, dictator - or
president. . •
Bgement lo our guide llr»nk, that assured
us we would lmd the elJmate of the City
of Mexico delightful, in .Inly. August and
September. And sn< - h we loun'd to bs the
case.
One forgets to take Into consideration
the altitude, of from 3TO0 to 7000 feet,
¦which has such a wonderful Influence In
moderating the olimate: and also the
many snow-capped mountains in the vi
cinity of Mexico City.
The summer months are certainly most
riesirable for a trip to Mexico, leaving
out of account the plac-rs on the coast.
As it is the rainy season one can travel
in comfort. -The country, which r month
l>efore v.-as dry. parched and dusty*. Is
now beautiful and bright with grasses
end flowers.
It is difllcult to realize that almost at
our door Is a country so foreign In every,
respect. In no place on the Continent
can one flnd more interesting scenes und >
Rights. Tho country itself, with its strange'
growth of cacti and palms, seems a fit
ting background for the p'.cturesoue peo
p!e and the cualnt little adobe villages.
We entered Mexico via Eagle Pass.
Hourly the journey became of more in
terest. We hardly accustomed ourselves
to the novelty of cotton fields before we
found purJMdYM whirling through uncul
tivated tracts, picturesque with palms and
fantastic-shaped cacti; then by another
sudden transition we were ia the midst
of the familiar corn fields.
The native Mexican at work In the
fields gives a bright touch of color to the
landscape.
The f*o*tum« of the Mexican Indian 13
extremely picturesque. The men are in
variably dressed In white eottpn. the in
evitable broad sugar-loaf sombrero and
sandals, and the complete costume In
cludes the serape, a gayly colored blanket
thrown about the shoulders. The women
wear all colors of the rainbow, with a
cotton scarf, usually blue or brown,
which serves as wrap and headgear.
Our first stop was at Torreon. Accord-
Ing to the guide book the place Is of Im
portance as a railroad Junction and good
eating station: also as a manufacturing
center. But to us it was of interest in a
widely different vray. . ._
It was our first introduction to the "re
cfiptlon committee." seemingly a neces
sary part of every well-regulated Mexi
can elation. The people come to meet the
trains, and crowd about the depot with
takes and various Spanish dishes to selL
<And this Is the only wise thing to do If
you ever expect to see your valise again.)
We were piloted safely -to carriages.
There are three classes of carriages, with
tlxed prices. The blue flag indicates the
f'.rst cla.-«s. the red Hag the second class
and the yellow flag the third class. Both
the first ami second classes are good.
We reached the Ifotcl Iturbide in com
fcrt, which is more than can be said of
the Englishman, who gave his grip to
the porter, also his check for a trunk.
The fellow put the trunk on his head
and started out of the depot. The Eng
lishrrfcin, with hjs< limited vocabulary of
"Spanish did not make the man under
stand to get a carriage; instead, the fel
low had visions of a big fee, and calm
|ly trotted up the two miles to the hotel
with the trunk on his head, while nothing
was left for the Englishman to do but to
run and keep up with his luggage.
i The Hotel Iturbide was formerly the
; palace of the Emperor Iturbide. It is
a palatial building, but all the magnifi
cent furniture has been Ions since re
; moved. If one is at all inclined to be
: romantic, the hotel will afford more com
forts than otherwise. However, it is
¦cne of the best in Mexico, built on the
'usual plan, the rooms opening on to large
; courts. I
I Our arrival was duly announced by
I having our names added to the list on the
I blackboard in the office.
From that day until your departure you
are not expected to be seen or heard from.
"We waited In vain for our letters. After
three days, having persistently questioned
every bellboy and attendant we could
safely reposing rvr days. That Is only
¦one of the many surprises one meets.
Sunday is tne gala day in Mexico. The
tourist is out bright nnd early to see the
sights. The tirst place to visit is the
market. Within a large inclosure are nu
merous improvised booths, where all sorts
of things are displayed for sale, from old
brasses, candlesticks and curiosities to
lompt'the stranger to the plain, substan
tial articles to satisfy the wants of tha
lower- classes. This is the shopping day
of the peasant, when he buys the neces
saries of life for the week, and he cer
tainly seems to enjoy bargaining.
Cleanliness is not a virtue of the lower
classes, and one often finds oneself In
stinctively trying to shrink into a smaller
space to avoid brushing against these
gayly colored serapes.
Next one pays a visit to the flower mar
ket. This is most attractive, and the
Mexican displays much taste in the ar
rangement of Qowerm However, they still
cling to the funeral wreaths made of
beads; but then that is not strange when
even artistic Paris, with all her advance
ment In art. still ornaments her graves
with these same kind of wreaths.
The cathedral must be visited on Sun
clay even if one has been there at other
times. The better classes are la attend
ance then. The middle classes wear a
black tapola, a shawl that serves for hat
and wrap. The women of high, degree
still wear the Spanish mantilla of black
lace in place of a bonnet.
The Mexicans are very devout Catholics,
and at all times can be seen In the
churches. A peculiarity of the churches
is that there is no arrangement made for
seating the congregation. The worship
ers stand or kneel during: the entire serv
ice. The usual number of beggars are to
be found about the door, ready to invoke
a blessing upon the generous-minded per
son. AftT this hour on Sunday no on©
seems to {rive thought to religion. Rich
and poor alike seek for amusement. The
Government docs much to provide pleas
ure for the people by burnishing bands af
music In many parts of the city. The
plaza facing the cathedral is mostly fre
quented by the poorer people, while the
Alamrda and the Paseo are the rendez
vous for the rich people.
One hears so much about the plazas
and alamedas of Mexico that I must con
fess my expectations wore high and con
sequently 1 was f.ued to be a little bit
disappointed in that particular. Possibly
my beinjr a ("nlifornian and accustomed,
to such a variety and luxurious growth
of flowers and shrubs may account for my
disappointment. The guide books expati
ate at length upon the charm of these
plazas, -with the tropical growth of plants,
the people gayly dressed and promenad
ing to the strain? of sweet music, but we
have a number of rlties in the interior
thnt on "cenc-rt night" can rival Mexico.
From 11 o'clock to 1 p. m. on Sundays
the scene of attraction Is the Alameda.
A canopy has been stretched as a protec
tion from tho midday sun over a long,
broad path, which i.* lined with chairs.
Those who wish to sea come early, and
for n few cents obtain seats In a desirable
location. v*ith a view of the band stand,
in a bower of banana and other tropical
plants.
?non the crowd commences to arrive,
and gradually increases until two distinct
processions pass and repass. the men
and women invariably in separate groups.
Here only the better clas3»s are seen.
The picturesque Indian with his sombrero
and bright-colored serape rarely offers to
intrude upon »his scene, but stands at a
distance and looks on. At 1 o'clock the
Alameda Is deserted, the people returning
to their hnmci for dinner. At- 4 o'clock
driving begins on the Paseo, and this Is
truly a brilliant scene. Everybody drives
and everybody puts on the best clothes
for tljls oceas'on.
The Pasfo i«» a broad boulevard two
and a half miles long. The carriage way
is shaded by great trees, two rows on each
side. At intervals the Paseo widens, and
here are placed statues of the nation's he
roes. Along the drive are some of the
most beautiful hcires of the city. At the
end of the Paseo rises the hill and castle
of Chapultepec, surrounded by a forest of
cypress, which Is unsurpassed for mag
nificence. These grand old trees date back
over twenty centuries; they tower in
majesty above the ordinary growth. Tha
dim aisles beneath are made beautiful by
the numerous pepper trees. One cannot
exaggerate the beauty of the castle of
Chaputepec and its surroundings. It Is
now the residence of President Diaz; it la
the Mexican White House.
Driving Is continued until a late hour
on San Francisco street. This Is only a
faint idea of Sunday in Mexico City. On
week days the tourist can find innumer
able attractions. One has only to con
sult his taste. It may be a trip to a
suburban town or to Guadalupe. the holi
est shrine in Mexico. There are numerous
and interesting legends in regard to this
chapel.
Streetcar service fs exceedingly good It\
the City of Mexico. The cars are first
second and third class, also baggage cars*
and. what seems strangest of all to us'
funeral cars. These latter cars are «r*
ranged similarly to a hearse. They stor>
at the nearest point to the house anrt
from there the funeral procession h
formed, with two or more cars reserve*
for the family Many hours can be s^nt
In exploring the shops. But remember
all stores close from 1 to 3 p m Th»
beautiful drawn linen work Is a temnta
tion that no woman can resist, and the
fears of the 60 per cent duty is the oiJv
thing that limits her purchases y
The silver filigree work and the carved
leather groods are beautiful, a wS
worth, $685 was quite a dream embrol
ttered In silver thread wttn^nanoilrlmT
But the novelty of all to us wal the
=^HE announcement of a trip to Mex
ico in August did not arouse the
[ envy of our friends; on the contrary,
wo wore met with the discouraging
remarks, "Are you not making a mis
take?" "Will you not find it <!-eadtuily
hot?" However, as all our arrangements
were completed we decided to adhere to
our original i'lan and turned for encour-
If ore i? at all fastidious ho Is not tempted
to buy. It eras my first experience of the
bis, black, tiercc-lookin:; Mexican, glar.ns;
at the stranger, and add to that the
glimpse of the vicious-looking pistol
strapped to his side. 1 fV>H quite like say
ing, "I'll be good." I must not omit thts
chi'dren from tills picture! Their part
is begging for ccntavos (cents).
THE SUJSTDAY CALL.
18Continued from Page Eighteen.
know how to handle cattle, too.
"After the -boys would turn in tor the
night I used to get in and draw."
.."He sat up and worked all night and
herded cattle all day." put in the Kid.
"Aw, I never worked very hard at my
crazy over drawing the cowboys and Mex
icans.
"I went to the Jesus Maria ranch first
it's in Santa Barbara County— and that's
where 1 learned the tricks of the trade.
I know how to handle a horse now and I
drawing. Don't look like It."
"Yes he did, too. I know how he d!d.
He had a candle or a bad lamp and he
worked like mad. He had cause enough
to give up— lota o' men would. He had no
lessons, a bad outfit land nobody to tell
him he was a*iy g^orf. Hut r.e neve mlsed
a night at It. He pepfeeil away and he
thought about Remington, and he suit! to
himself that he'd do srjmeth'ng some day
and have a better time than he did herd
ing cattle."
"Aw. I like to h?rd cattle. That's gooa
enough for me, I guess/'
"No. It's not good enough for you."
The Kid pinched so savagely the clay
bull he was modeling that he broke off its
tail. The Kid'o amhltlon is to render into
clay what his hie brother draws in wash.
He has never se».-n Mexico and its bulls,
but Eddie has. and he Is ready to take
Eddie's word for it.
"And how did you pet into Mexico?**
"Saved up money. After I left the Jesus
Maria ranch I wont to the Mallbu ranch,
in Los Angeles County, and I held on to
some of my wacep. At last I had enoush
to take the Old Mexico stage .trip, and I
knew that wou'd take me through the
country I wanted to sec. Here's what the
trip cost."
He clings to his Mexican treasures as a
girl does to dance programmes. Out from
the old trunk came the beloved ticket.
"Tarlfa de los precios de pasajes" it was
headed, and below stood the memorized
De Orendaln a-TequiU »2 00
1H- Tequila a Mftsdalcna .' ICO
Do Magdalena a Ixtlan 9 CO
Dr Ixtlan a Ahuacatlan 100
De Ahuacatlan a Teplc 6 00
"It all foots up to $16. you see." he said,
and I. knew how much that $16 meant
when he sajd It.
""I'd rather draw Mexican people than
any In' the world. Guess you'd think so to
look -at these." He pawed Into the trunk
"Anyway, the boys said it was, and that
made me want to do more. I kept on mak
ing sketches of e\-erything I saw. and
when I went to cow-punching I went
"I was sent to Ho-pklrrs for two months,'
and do you remember that I played
hookey more than half the time?"
"Oh. Eddie. Eddie!"
"I did. too." lie came back to the
studio. "I always liked to draw, but I
liked to have fun better when I was n
kid. I never took" any pains— I Just
scratched pictures for fun. The first time
I ever tried was when the kids put me up
to heat Coonly."
He dropped into the brown old Mexican
raddle that lay on the floor. .
"Coonly was only a gambler, but he
could draw. He used to come to the wa
ter and sketch boats.- One day a lot of
us kid* was watchin* him and the other
kids said to me. 'You can draw that scow
better. Eddie. Show him you can.' Coon
ly said I couldn"t. It was kind of a dare,
you see, so I took Pete's grammar and
drew on the fly leaf of It. The kids all
raid my scow was better than Coonly's,
but I don't know. They wanted it to be
better."
"It was better; I bet it was better," put
in the Kid. He is a younger Boreln.
"Didn't, neither," answered Eddie.
"Don't remember anything about it, but
I know I'd have taken the candy." .
Then he went to the foot of the stairs
and called savagely up them.
"You know a pencil and a .stick of pep
permint candy was held out to you and
you chose the pencii, Eddie," put in a sup
plementary voice.
rrom the dark upstairs. "From your ear
liest youth whfn you could first cJasp a
pencil." •
tfrnwiris;!: Ed Bcreln *roma oe like other
ccw-punchers.
He made the drawings himself while h«
cnw-punche<l— made them out on the
Mating plains or In the ranch house when
there was nobody around to notice. Not
that anybody would have noticed, any
way. He was on the Jesus Maria ranch
then, ar.d the Jerus Maria, people thought
he was just one cf the boys, and they
never paid any attention.
A cowboy artist is unique — so unique
that at first nobody recognized what he
was. Nobody was looking for sharp stud
#ff cf prairie life from the pencil of one
vof the boys. When he was discovered
those who had been blind began to blink
thfir eyos and a?k questions.
"Where- did you learn?" they asked.
"Outdoors," he answered in his blunt
way. Hf hates to be bothered with fool
ish questions— or any questions, for the
matter of that. When you begin to ask
them he aJwajg begins to squirm as If
he were in a depperaie hurry, and he looks
fcr his hat. and you have to hang upon
his metaphorical ccattails to get any
th\VK more out of him.
"Who taught you? " people asked when
they n^xt found him.
He is net poetical, and h* did not make
any visionary remarks about winds that
whimper »nd sun that points out.
"Tauj^-.t myself," he said. Then Tie es
caped &?a!n.
"Wh<-n did you do It?" put in some
body who had had a claim upon his time.
"After the cattle were corra'lfd," he
said, tartly. He had the right to be
tart-
Over in his own little Oakland studio he
forgot to be in a hurry and to wriggle
away, and he told all about the way he
came to draw pictures. Away from there
he Is as restless as a cat in a strange gar
ret. Chase him to his dwelling place, and
he cuddles down and purrs. It takes the
environment of the eld serape and the
rattler's skin and the Mexican saddle and
£ix-fhooter to quiet him.
""It would be a fine couch cover," .said
I. pouncing upon the red and green
terape.
"It's been couch cover to the' ground a
good many night*." said he. Then he
rolled his lor.g self in it and a good deal
«f h:m was Jeft'out in the cold.
"If I hadn't lived the way those fellows
live I wouldn't know anything about 'em."
"T?jat knowledge is what gets into your
per.cil."
"Maybe." he said, with his diffident
laugh that pretends to be scornfuL "Guess
rothin' mu'-b pets into my pencil, though.
There"? nothln' much to those drawings."
"Did you like to draw when you were
a youngster?" ••**
"Yes, always." J-r^
"Say you liked to draw when you was
a taby, Eddy," put in a soprano voice
"Here"s» a pack train, an atajo. of eighty
mules. Twelve men and a cook rro alor.u
with the ou! fit. Throe hundred pounds
is allowed to each mule — thsee hundred
pounds !n that heat. Bclnjr a mule's a
good deal worse than being a man."
"You look as If you found b<?irg a man
not a bad occupation."
"I don't— now. When you're full of th«
malaria of that country you'd Just as soon
be most anything else A man has to
keep filled up, half with quinine ar.d half
with tequila, and even then malaria's
likely to find room to squeeze in. But I
might have stood that. Being' blind wa3
what made me the most trouble."
"Bobos." exclaimed the Kid.
"Kind of bugs," explained the elder.
"Made me blind two months and after
that my eyes troubled me so much that I
couldn't work for a year. I was pretty
rear hungry some of the time. I can tell
you. That wasn't much, though. I don't
care. I can draw now."
"You bet he can draw now."sald the
Kid. SARAH COM3TOCK.
"When that lire of prisoners cam* In
sight I pulled out my sketch book and
the stage was rolling so that every line
I drew shot off lr. the wrong direction be
fore I finished It. But I maTia^ed to pet >n
paper a few hints of what I wanted to
draw and I finished the picture out in my
head and the first time we stopped. I tell
you. I hurried to draw those m;n. They
had walked mITea already— see how their
feet were swollen. And there were m!!?j
ahead of them yet before they would
reach the City of Mex.ro. Once a crowd
of prisoners were mnrehed all the way
from Texas to the City. They don't hrvf
mind those Journeys, though. People
treat them with as much rcsrect as it
they were the bull fishters comlns to
tewn. They even Rive them presents.
"These prisoners w(-r»» only one of the
pictures I saw on the trip. Here. are soma
•more."
They locket! to dp tl'o-jsands.
• "Here is a coTv-puruhcr J ram? acros»s
Inter. He was earrylrtg dispatches abou:
the Spanish war from the KloUi River.,
Here's a donkey wltli rawhi<le haw on'
each aide of him— put in anything—thick
ens, whisky, vegf>tabL.s. children— doesn't
matter. This peon ha.-* on a palm leaf hat
— here's one of thr>«e huts on the wall."
"Hero's another." added the Kid. "It's
covered with burkskir; ard a man enn*'
make his way through eart'ia when he
¦wears it. Eddie saya so. See those holes?
The cactts? tore it a little. E<Mle toll
me abcut It. This suit is to be worn with
It. EdiHp say3."
• "I trlcrl a camera down there, but I
dkln't get much, good cut of -It. Heat
warped it. I'd like to have a goml set of
photographs of what I saw.
It passed these prisoners— it was just aft?^
stopping at a station where teouila waa
plenty, and the driver likes tequila a3
weir as any of the passengers. They say
the stage mules shy when they see te
quila.
and threw out fighting bul.s and bandertl
leros and vaqueroa and horses that buck.
"There* a line of prisoners being taken
to town." he explained. "The rurales
have them In- charge. Those rurales are a
kind of rough rider— the best cavalry In
the world. Miles says. They're the best
paid. too. They get $-0 a month.
"Ever hear abcut the bodyguard of th~m
that the Governor of S!naloa keeps? For
ty. He had a man shot orce just to show
who was boss, and he's had to keep ru
ralea around hlra ever since. ..
"Tfce stage was laasSinj; along when
ED BORE1N is a cow-puncher by
profession. The buckingest kind o"r
a broncho may roll and heave un
der him. and he never feels a
q-J3)m. The cleverest steer may turn and
do3ge and not escape his rope. The night
may clcse in on him when he is mile*
from everywhere, and he can. roll him
self In h!s serape and pretend that cac
tus mskrs a pood mattress. That serape
has creased the Sierra Madres more times .
than he can recall Ju*t now. and It is""
Crtncy a'oout the ends and a Ijit thin in
tho diamond.
If it were not fcr two trunks full of
HOE ED BOREIN THE COWPUNCHER CAME TO BE AN ARTIST
THE SUNDAY CALL.
countless number cf sombreros, all with
brims and susarloaf crowns, in such end
less variety, from the commen ones in
straw to the felt ones, embroidered and
ornamented with sold and silver.
I went Into a store and asked the clerk
If be would be so kind ajs to show me the
finest sombrero he had In stock. He was
very courteous and said, "certainly, with
pleasure." I took the hat in my hand, and
It seeasincly weighed a ton. it was so
heavily ornamented with gold and silver.
W J inquired, "what is the price?" I nearly
Ji>t it fall when he said J300. It takes jsome
mosey to dress the real Mexican dude. In
addition to an expensive sombrero he
¦wears broadcloth, trimmed with rows of
silver buttons (often the coin of the coun
try, twenty-five cent pieces, or one dollar
pieces) up the eides of bis trousers; elab-
orate silver buckles on his waistcoat, a
Bilk shirt and sash and pointed shoes
complete his costume. He is then quite
ready "to play the bear." This playing
th* bear is a custom peculiar to Mexico.
Social conditions are bo different there.
A young lady has no freedom outside of
the family. You will see a smiling sen
orita at the barred windows of her home.
She. is the Juliet, and the Romeo of this
little play paces up and down in front of
the balcony, casting tender glances at his
lady love.
It is from this walking to and fro like
a caged animal that the name, "playing
the bear." is given to this sort of flirta
tion.
There is a large foreign population in
Mexico and most of the enterprises are
controlled by foreign capital. The coun
try- Is rich in agriculture and mines, but
the native Mexican is too lazy to care to
profit by his advantages.
The lower classes are particularly indo
lent. Wages are small, from twelve and
a half cents to seventy-nve cents a day,
Experiences off a San F^aanclsco QM Sin Mexico,
is a delight to visit this city, it is so
clean and prosperous, without signs of
poverty." It Is situated In the midst or
prepare for a surprise. I bought my
ticket and was asked if I wished, a hot
or a cold bath. On replying "a hot bath."
but It Jb quite sufficient for the modest
wants of the people. . A foreigner, who
thought It an injustice to pay laborers
such a email sum, raised the wages of his
men. with the result that they would only
work four Instead of six days; that was
quite enough to supply all their necessi
ties, and they could rest the other days.
The Mexican Indian. wKh all the influ
ence of the numerous ¦ churches, has not
yet learned that honesty Is a virtue. This
class is addicted to petty thieving, and
they are experts according to the numer
ous stories told. I was amused. In going
into a drug store and a candy- store, to
see the chairs, the door mats and cus
pidors chained to the floor. It seems the
only limit to the possibilities of • these
rogues is a red hot stove. The national
pawnshop affords an easy way of dispos
ing of theso 111 gotten gains.
One should attend the theater for the
novelty ot the affair, even if the play can-
not be understood.' The seats'are sold by
the act. If at the end of the first act you
are sufficiently entertained you buy your
seat for the next act, and so on. Between
acls the men stand and amuse themselves
by staring at the ladles. The' senorita
who has the most opera glasses leveled
at her is the belle of the evening.
But with the many strange and interest
ing sights of the City of Mexico we must
say goodby. I can only speak hastily of
a few 'side trips.
The one to Orizaba should certainly not
be omitted.
¦ As we leave the city behind we - soon
find ourselves in the midst of 'fields of
the maguey plant, known commonly U
us asjhe century plant." Far' as the eye
can rfach nothing -but these rows- and
rows of cacti. From' th'e Bap of this plant
Is made pulque, the national drink.
• Pulque ' making (and drinking) is ". an
enormous business. It is estimated that
the City of Mexico consumes 100,000, pints
dally. It \3 a drink that will keep
but a few days. Perhaps that may ac
count for the Intoxicated condition or
many people — the desire nqt to let a goo'l
thing waste.
At Aplzaco the train stops long enough
to allow one to buy a cane carved by the
Pueblo Indians. These canes are made ot
coffee wood and are carvecl to represent
the various stages of a bullfight. *
As we approach Orizaba the scenery
becomes magnificent. iThe track lies on
the side of the mountains, winding In and
put In sharp curves, through tunnels, over
bridges, with canyons hundreds of feet be
low. This road is considered one of the
greatest pieces of railroad engineering in
the world." -
Orizaba is a beautiful quaint little city
of .-20,000 .Inhabitants, .situated 186 miles
from the City of Mexico. The houses are
mostly one-story ..with, red tiled roofs. /I:
one or tne most productive sections or
Mexico, where cotton, coffee and sugar
cane are raised In abundance.
' Guadalajara and vicinity offer many at
tractions to the visitors. It Is one of th»
brightest and most modern cities of Mex
ico. It possesses some very -tine public
buildings of the Mexican style cf archi
tecture. The city Is noted for the flno
pottery, ornamented and glazed in most
beautiful and fantastic designs.
A day spent at Aguas Callentes is one
of my most delightful reminiscences ui
the trip. It is a quaint, sleepy old town.
Aguas Callentes translated means hot
waters, and the name is well chosen, as
there are numerous hot springs in tfce
vicinity. The place Is famed for its baths,
both public and private.' Go to the prim
itive baths near the springs.- As you ap
proach you think what a strange build
ing on the side on the hill, or rather it
looks like dozens of little houses, of all
sizes and shapes. Joined together. But
I was conducted to a dres3ing-room and
off this was an Immense bath. large
enough to swim In and approached by
marble stairs. The water for this bath
was supplted by a natural hot spring,
bubbling up In the room. An Inspection
of the thirty-eight other baths found no
two alike. Each had the temperature or
the water marked above the dpor.
Asruas Calientes la also noted for the
beautiful drawn work made there. This
i3 consider**! the place to buy, but don't
for a moment imagine you go to the
stores to buy; on the contra»*y the stores
come to you. Tou can't go In or out oC
your hotel without being Importuned tf>
buy by both men and women. They carry
their wares tied up in handkerchiefs and.
will calmly sit down on the sidewalk, un
tie their bundles, and offer you the most
beautiful work, but don't tuka It at tlu
first price asked; they don't expect It.
For a delightfully novel. Interesting
and Instructive trip vam.o* a Mexico*
19Character in Thumbs.
According: to a Evropean palmist the
average length of the thuml> nail is. In th«»
case of a man, 16.1 millimetres, and those
men whose nails are longer than this al
ways possess unusual virility. Women, on
the other hand, whose thumb nails are of
abnormal length are as^a rule very fond
of pleasure and have pronounced artistic
tastes. Emperor William of Germany, says
this palmist, has a very "delicate hand,
yet the thumb Is too short and the. nail is
flat, and colorless— a sure indication. In 'his
opinion, of some cerebral weakness. Tha
Empsn: cf Austria, on the other hand,
has a rail which Indicates high
birth and aristocratic tastes. It 13 pearly
white and unusually curved and is' In
marked contrast to his hand, which L«»j
coarse and rather vulpar.
The new Kins of Italy has a spatutate
thumb rail, whkh (s said to be an Indi
cation of distrust and rerocltv. The Sul-
i an of . r . urke y'» hand is white and slen
u an .9, bear T s raany tokens of high breed.
In?' h V s Leopold, of Belgium has the
and £nJr" pIebelan . tb <> nail being ahort
ana smia'- ., -,. : ,
Uses oF the Lemon.
Sick headaches may often b© cured by
taking half the Juice of one lemon in a
te&cupful of strong black coffee. Head
aches from biliousness or torpid liver
sometimes yield to the simple treatment
of half a lemon s<;ue»-v;d Into a cup of hot
water without sur^r taken night and
morning.
Lemon Juice zvsd e~ far mixed very thick
furnish a common household remedy for
coughs and colds. Hot lemonade is also
rmjd-but the very'best form In which, the
lemon can be used for such cases Is the
following: Put a good sized lemon In the
Oven and let it remain there until thor
oughly baked It will then be soft all
through. Take it out and add enough
sugar or honey— honey is preferable— to
make a thick syrup with the juice. Keep
this warm and take, a teaspoonful every
few minutes.
When you make a hot lemonade for a
cold remember that glycerine instead of
sugar will make the remedy more valu
able, . -,
rHIS . illustration shows the
tremendous operation of
tempering a big gun at the
Creusot Iron Works. The gun is
heated and tempered in tivo parts
—first, the rings and then the gun
itself — tlw two operations being
identical. 'At- a- signal \froml. the,
engineer's whistle [.the- gun is with
drawn from - the immense "¦¦ vertical
furnace.- Suspended from an' ap^
paratus composed of .four columns, <
which depends from a strong pulley
worked- by 1 a moving bridge, the
gun' seems incandescent- as the jorig
door: of rcdhot' bricks is opened
slowly. The moving bridge is put
in action and the gun is brought
out , till it overhangs the center: of
a well sixty to eighty feet deep, An
which it is gradually loivercd',
amidst a deafening hiss of steam
which rises in clouds. This opera
tion is repeated several times until
the steel is pronounced of perfect
temper.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
20
HOW A GREAT GUN IS TEMPEREDSAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1900-FORTY PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
EFFORTS TO END THE
COAL MINERS STRIKE
While Operators Appear Honest in Their Intention to
Grant the More Important Demands the Difficulties-
Grow More Confusing. - ;
Mine owners and operators continue to hold conferences and appear to be honest in their, efforts to X
settle the strike of the coal miners in the anthracite fields Only one act of violence was reported yester- >
day, and this was an alleged attempt to blow up with dynamite the shan.y occupied by a non-str.ker near j
REBELLION
CONTINUES
IN GROWTH
Casualties Giving
Evidence of
Strife.
Filipinos' Operation^
Not Confined to
One Island.
MAGNITUDE OF FIGHTS
Insurgent Successes Not Due
to Courage or Skill but
to Moral Support.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALX. ! BUREAU. "WELLINGTON
¦ HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept.
29.— Four • killed and eleven
wounded, one mortally, are^-th»
casualties in the American- force reported
to the War Department t'o-day by Major
General MacArthur. " An'.' examination of
the casualty list shows the extent ot the
Insurgent operations and also j gives' an
Idea of the magnitude of the rebellion.
Fighting is in progress " in . Ilocos Norte.
the northernmost province of Luzon, and
In Albay. the most southern province of .
the Island. In addition there, is fighting In
the provinces .of Laguna, Batarigas.^and
Nueva Ecija, which ore within- a corn-*
paratlvely short distance of Manila. ..The ,
casualties give evidence that the insur
gent operations are not conflnedTo L.uzon.
There has been fighting also in Leyte and
Samar, and General MacArthur reported j
yesterday the ambush of flfty-on-e men of
Company F of the Twenty-ninth Infantry
in the Island of Marinduque in San Ber
nardino straits.
As showing that the fights were not en
tirely the ambushing of sentinels. General
MacArthur . reports that at Tanauarr.-
Batangas .province, there were killed Pri-'
vate John Nlles, Company K. Thirty-,
ninth "Volunteer Infantry*, and wourided
Private John Burket of the same com
pany and regiment.
At Badoca, province of Ilocos Norte.
Private John E. Dupree. Company E.
Twelfth Tnfantry, was killed, and Pri
vates John Mandukaand James A. Ken
nedy of the same regiment were seriously
wounded. At Cabanatuan, province of
Nueva Eclja, Private "W. S. Mercer. Com
pany M, Thirty-fourth Infantry, was
killed and his commanding officer. Cap
tain Cushman A. Rice, was slightly
wounded. Three men were wounded' in
the Island of Leyte. two at AIar.tr Alang
and one at San Miguel..
Army officers insist that tLe situation no
longer admits of pacificatory treatment;
that the insurgents must be taught a
sharp lesson, or emboldened by the suc
cess of their guerilla warfare they will
mobilize in sufficiently strong force to an
nihilate the detachments now holding the
small towns which are isolated from sup^*
port. General MacArtnur Is preparing to
mobilize several detachments In each'dis
trict as sooft as all the troops now under
orders to Manila arrive at that point and
can be distributed among. the Islands.
Administration officials continued to In-
slst that the Insurgent successes are due.
not altogether to the courage and skill of
the "Filipinos, but to the moral support
they receive from Democrats and from
Americans who make. - anti-Imperialistic
speeches, such as Carl Schurz delivered in
New York. :.:'• •'.;'
Appended Is ¦ the latest casualty list
cabled by General MacArthur:
September 2Jr-Tanauan, Luzon, Company K.
Thirty- ninth U. 8. V. Infantry. John Xlles:
September 22— Badoca, Luzon, Company E.
Twelfth Infantry. John E. Dupree: September
23— Cabanatuan. Company M. Thlrty-fcurth
Volunteer Infantry, W. S. Mercer: September
17-^Mavllac. Luzon. Company I*. Thirty-seventh
Volunteer Infantry, Joseph N. Well«.
With reference to my telegram of 19th.
wounded— "Wounded in thigh, serious, instead of
killed. Alfred J. Mueller. Company L, Thirty
seventh Volunteer Infantry.
Wounded: September 23 — Tanau.in. Company
K, Thirty-ninth Volunteer Infantry, John Bur
ket, wounded In abdomen, moderate: Septem
ber 22— Badoca, Lnzon, Company F, Twelfth In
fantry. John Manduke. wounded In the hand,
serious; James A. Kennedy, wounded !n shoul
der, serious: September 23— Cabatuan, Luzon.
Thirty-fourth Volunteer Infantry. Captain
Cushman A. Rice, wounded In arm. slight:
August ZJ— Alan* Alans. Leyte. Company F,
Thirty- third Volunteer Infantry. William E.
Dennis, wounded in lest above knee, serious:
Kred Myers, seriously wounded; September 14 —
Carls:. Luzon, Company L, Sixteenth' Infantry,
Sergeant Henry P.- Schroeder. wounded In
tfclgh. serious; September 15— Catublg. Pam.tr.
Company G. Twenty-third Volunteer Infantry:
Sergeant Leonidas O. Hollls. elbow, severe;
August 17— Sonrocn. Luzon. Company M. Fbrty
seventh Volunteer Infantry. George Kennedy,
neck, mortal. MACARTHUR.
It will be noted that the above list does
not contain the names of the men in Cap
tain Shield's command reported captured
or killed on the island of Marinduque.
General MacArthur recently Issued the
following general order for the betterment
of the government of the city of Manila:
"Existing orders requiring residents •?
the city of Manila to confine themselves
to "their homes after 10 p. m. are hereby
amended to extend the hour to Up. m.,
after which hour the itreets of the city
will be cleared by the police. Saloons will
be closed at 10 p. m., and the- sale of -liquor
is prohibited after that hour."
NEW YORK. Sept 29.— Mrs. Conger, wife of the United States Minister to China, has sent another letter In dlary'form
to her sister at Des Molnes. under date of Peking. June 11; She. says:
"We had a rather laughable fright this morning. It may, however, have good'effect. The Chinese soldiers do almost
nothing against the Boxers, but too much to encourage them. Mr. Cheshire of this legation was going in our cart to the
Tsung-11 Yamen. and two Boxers in uniforms with weapons came out from a by-slroet and screamed at him, then ran down
Legation street, screaming and waving their spears, striving to rally the others lrf large numbers. They passed by some
German soldiers and .the German Minister. They ran after them and caught one: Two soldiers, one on either side, took ¦
him to the. German legation. Baron von Ketteler followed, pounding. the man on the head with a club.
"About 10 p. m. the members (four) of the Tsung-H Yamen entered our gates. . It was no easy matter for them to get
through the lines with their chairs. They were very friendly. 1 They said that at 5 o'clock they, were at the palace and that'
the Empress Dowager and Emperor wished, them to come to. the United States legation, as it was friendly to China, and
to say that they deeply regretted what had happened in the firing, etc., and to promise that It shall stop. Mr. Conger told E
them that they were repeating the same 6M story. They did not stop it. Their people have, been murdering our people, '.'
destroying and burning property, and the danger threatens everywhere, and If our troops had not been here the legation
would have. been sacrificed. They asked and urged that the coming troops go Into camp outside the city gates. Mr.. Conger
most positively said: 'No. they will come to the legation." and If they. are not enough plenty more will come, and if one
member of this legation Is harmed my Government will sweep down,upon yew and wipe' you off tho face of the earth.'
"They replied:"It shall not be. We know foreign soldiers are better than ours.*
"Mr. Conger told them: 'All we desire is peace, protection and harmonious relations , with your people. You .do not
give it to us. We foreign nations are obliged to call upon our countries for the protection.' that you should give us; You/
• promise protection, but do not give it. "We must bring our 'soldiers to our legations." and If necessary. bring more and still'
more. Your people are so afraid "of the Boxers that it Is with difficulty we can send a messenger with a messageto the
TBung-11 Yamen.V'V . , ,
Mrs. Conger concludes: "Our ways are to us best. Chinese ways are to them best. -My dear sister, between, you and "
me, I think tbem an abused people. I cannot- see they are any better-off for having this .foreign element coming in upon
t them; it. is an outward attachment, whl<jh does not seem to. go Into their lives and modify them.,. It< has taken. years to
have an appearance of growth in it. It seems to me,"iat first ncovocatloh, that the appearance la shaken off arid that' the
real Chinaman is still. there." >. ¦ ~ .- ; ,'- . :; • , . ' *.
it was two days ago.' This was taken as
an indication that the railroads and others
with stocks of coal on hand regard an
early settlement of the miners', strike as
probable. The railroad officials, however,
refused to say to what point the negotia
tions to this end had progressed, but it;
was learned that the operators have prac
tically agreed not to entirely ignore the
union in making a settlement. The present
plan is believed to be to place conces
sions before the men at the different col
lieries and to ask them to return to work
pending the settlement of remaining, dif-"
ferences by arbitration. ¦
The extent- to which the miners' organi
zation Is to be recognized Is said to be
that the men will have operators' terms
placed before them at meetings of the
local unions. According to a Wall-street
tie-as agency, there will not be a uniform
rate of Increase proposed throughout the
district, owing to varying conditions of
mining at different places, but there. will
be no advance of less than 10 per cent on
present wages. . -i >¦
Much interest was felt here In the con
ference held in Shenandoah, Pa., this af
ternoon between General Gobin, Sheriff
Toole and representatives of the opera
tors and miners. .The railroad officials
here expressed the belief that with the
militia out of the way it would bo easier
to come to an agreement with the strik
ers.
One of the sales agents of the Lehlgh
Valley Coal Company said that a few men
had charge of. the plans for a settlement
Of the strike, and that until the result is
accomplished they will not discuss the
affair:
The Evening Post says to-day:
"While no final announcement of the
coal strike settlement is yet forthcoming,
there Is to-day reliable authority for the
statement that the matters still under
discussion are of detail merely and that a
satisfactory conclusion will be reached in
a short time. It Is conceded everywhere
in the coal trade that the price of coal
after the strike will never settle down to
tho same level as before. More than 10
per cent increase in wages is believed gen
erally to be the. concession' the miners will
demand, and this will .mean, according to
reliable estimates, an increase of fully 23
cents in the cost of every ton" mined. This
will make the cost at the collieries about
$2 75 per ton. The consumer, of course,
will pay the difference. Moreover, there
will probably be a' great demand for coal
as soon as the strike is over, and perhaps
a week or ten days' delay in supplying
it."
WILKESBARRE, Pa.. Sept. .20.— The
general superintendents of the Lehigh Val
ley, Lehigh and Wilkesbarre, Delaware
and Hudson and Lackawanna Coal com
panies, who had a long secret meeting
here yesterday, were in communication
again to-day at the anthracite-headquar
ters in New York. There were some
minor details of the new wage scale ar
ranged at yesterday's meeting in this city
to be explained. It Is said that the sug
gestions made , at. the meeting here "will
govern the presidents of the coal-carrying
railroads to a great extent' In formula'ting
their plan of settling with the striking
MRS. CONGER DECLARES THE
CHINESE ARE ABUSED PEOPLE
Although he has diplomatically evaded'
the question, there Is a strong belief here
that Mr. Mitchell Is kept fully advised of
the progress of events in tne metropolis.
If the reported advance of 10 per cent
has been finally agreed upon It has not.
so far as can be learned, been offered to
any of the mine workers In the anthra
cite region. Taking Mr. Mitchell's state
ment that a 10. per cent advance would
not be satisfactory as an Indication that
it would not .be accepted by the miners'
organization, it Is thought in some quar
ters here that there would-be a break In
the ranks of the strikers which It would
be difficult to . stop should the offer to
their employes be made by the operators.
On . the other hand, President Mitchell
and his colleagues positive in assert
ing their belief that the men now idle will
not waver, and that they would stand to
gether until the joint convention of the
three anthracite districts call the strike
off.
The entire Lehigh Valley was about as
quiet to-day as it could possibly be. Rain
Is falling here to-night. The same num
ber of collieries were working as were in
operation yesterday. Both sides to the
contest claim accessions to their ranks in
the Hazleton district.
President. Mitchell said to-day that his
telegram to the soft coal region of Cen
tral Pennsylvania requesting mine work
ers there not to load coal cars which are
destined for s the; anthracite coal market
has had the desired effect.
Bit YAN FAVORS ARBITRATION.
Says That Is the, Proper Way to Set-
tie the Coal Miners' Strike.
CROOKSTON. Minn.. Sept. 29.— In re
sponse to a question In regard to the ad
visability of . arbitration . as a means of
settling the strike in the anthracite coal
region. Mr. Bryan said to-day:
"Arbitration Is the only Justifiable
means of adjusting disputes between cor
porate employers and their employes.
While arbitration Is usually asked by the
employes. It. ought tobe acceptable to
the employers if they believe they are
treating the miners fairly! and it ought to
be demanded by the public generally, be
cause every great strike affects the public
at large more than it does either the em
ployers or the employes. Those who re
fuse arbitration confess that they are not
prepared to submit their arguments to an
impartial tribunal."
. ¦¦
DYNAMITE HAS BEEN USED
Attempt to Blow Up the Shanty of
a Non-Striker.
HAZLETON. Sept. 29.— An attempt was
made last night to blow up, with dynamite
the "shanty occupied by William Shelela, a
non-striker, at Green Ridge, near here.
The house wag but "slightly damaged and
no one was hurt. Shelela claims that
strikers threatened to blow up his house
if he.continued at work..
miners. The question of the recognition
of the union is regarded by many as the
key to the situation.
Some of the smaller individual operators
are much put out because they have not
been called Into the conferences recently
held by the representatives of the big
companies and had their advice asked.
They say they' have relatively just as
much at stake as the large companies and
that it would be no more than right If
they were consulted.
Ex-Congressman Norman "B." Williams.'
who. owns and operates .the Red Ash
mines, and Is one of the largest individ
ual operators in this section, said:
"So far as my company Is concerned, I
am prepared to follow- any recommenda
tion mado by the coal-carrying roads. Of
course I expect that they will do Justice
to tho individual operators. If they do
not, then we may have something to say
later on." . - < " -
j At strike" headquarters one of the offi
cers said:
\ "We are waiting anxiously to see what
the presidents have to say."
MITCHELIj IS NOT TALKATIVE.
Says" Strikers Are Closing the Mines
and Awaiting Developments.
-HAZLETON, Pa., Sept. 29.— "We are
closing the mines and awaiting develop
ments," was air that President Mitchell
of the United Mine Workers would say
to-night when asked whether he had re
ceived any Information from New. York
or elsewhere as to what the operators are
doing in their efforts to settle the strike.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 23— Late
developments shov.-'that the efforts
\j> bring about a hurried settlement
of the big coal miners' strike are
still In a chaotic condition. While
there is every surface evidence of honest
intention on the part of- the mine owners
and operators to grant the more impor
tant demands of the mine workers, the
difficulties In detail in reaching the basis
of a settlement grow more confusing.^ In
a conference to-night at WUkesbarre, an
important residential point of mining and
railroad superintendents and big individ
ual mine operators, mine foremen were
railed in to take part In the discussion.
The foremen were questioned relative to
the charge for powder, dockage, etc.. In
dicating that the owners were endeavor
ing to reach acommon ground where jus
tice 'would be found for each' side. So far
as can be learned no definite conclusion
was reached.
The general opinion among those In a
position to comprehend the' differences Is
that the settlement of the striko is yet re
mote. All interests involved, however,
stem to be willing to reach an early set
tlement, and concessions. It is understood,
will be readily accorded by both sides in
the controversy.
The strike leaders are cautious In their
movement?, but, so far as can be learned,
have not taken the ground that trickery
was being planned, a cautionary notice of
which point they had previously sent to
all the strikers.
It has now apparently settled Itself
down to a common sense discussion of the
differences.
The strikers made big gains to-day in
drawing out men . who have heretofore
continued at work.
The Markle employes to-night sent word
to the nrm that arbitration was not to
be further considered. So many of the
employes of that firm in its five mines
near Hazleton have Joined the strikers
that they concluded there was no ad
vantage to be gained by their argument
that the men would continue at work
pending arbitration of their grievances,
which had been presented to the firm
wholly apart from the general grievances
of the United Mine Workers. This was
their escape from the conditions of the
agreement and they concluded to declare
all previous agreements ended.
The entire region was tranquil to-day
'and General Gobln, In command of th^
three regiments of State troops in Schuyl
kill County, concluded that the soldiers
were only Idling away their time and he
Informed the Sheriff that he would send
one of the regiments home on Monday.
The strike leaders continued their cam
paigning by mass-meeting to-day and
they and many who have been working
joined their ranks. There were to-day
more idle mine workers than at any time
since the strike began.
CONCESSIONS TO BE MADE.
NEW YORK. Sept. 29.— Anthr&dio ocaJ
was quoted $1 a ten cheaper to-day than
THE CENTRAL PICTURE SHOWS THE SCENE OF LAST SATURDAY'S TRAGEDY AT SHENANDOAH. IT IS REPRODUCED FROM A PHOTOGRAPH OF THE INDIAN RIDGE COLLIERY,
WHERE A POSSE COMMANDED, BY SHERIFF TOOLE FIRED UPON. A MOB OF, STRIKING MINERS, ONE MINER AND A LITTLE GIRL BEING KILLED. EAST OF THE COLLIERY
IS THE TOWN OF SHENANDOAH; THE SCENE OF RIOTING EARLIER ON THE SAME DAY. . . , . ..'.•..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL.. WASHINGTON. Sept.
29. — Actirg Secretary Hill received
official confirmation this afternoon
of The Call's Shanghai dispatch,
published on Thursday, announcing the
degradation of Prince Tuan. This degra
dation, according to the department's In
formation. Is I relimnary to Tuan's trial
by an imperial court clan, wh!ch. Minister
"VTu said this afternoon, could adjudicate
any punishment the facts might warrant.
Besides Prince Tuan four other Princes
have been degraded, and having started
m the road to thorough suppression cf all
in the Boxer movement the
utthorities are hopeful the Imperial Gov
ernment will bring to justice all thos3
prominent in ¦ the outbreak against for
eigners and who*> punishment the civil
izpd world demands as preliminary to
If there sHould be confirmation cf
the edict frepi Li Eiing Chang and
Ilinister Conifer, the authorities snv
there will perhaps be opened a road
by -which peace for China can be' ac
complished. There is no question
that if peace be brought about it will
be as the result of the influence of
the United Stites.
Minister TVu thoroughly appreciates the
potency of the President's power, and he
fca« been making direct propositions to
the State Department looking to media
tion by this Gowrr.ment in China's behalf.
The President 3? willing to do ail in his
power to bring about peace as prompily
as possible, and Minister Conger's nego
tiations in Poking will be used as prelim
inary to the move In the direction of gen-
Two Important consequences will. It is
expected, flow from the degradation of the
responsible authors of the Boxer out
breaks. These are:
First. In greatly improving the Interna
tional situation, as the edict will show the
p-wers that China is sincerely desirous of
'. with their demands, and in
ft'Aiengthening the position of the United
Btaies, which has lost no opportunity tj
Impress upon the imperial authorities the
necessity of establishing and preserving
peace and order and punishing those
guilty of the crimes committed.
Second, in insuring the maintenance of
peace in the provinces of Southern China,
disaffection in which has existed and
which it was apprehended would be the
ecene of violence until tho Imperial Gov
ernment gave some sign that it was noi
In sympathy with the Boxer movement.
There, has been considerable criticism
abroad of the attitude of this Govern
ment gTOWir.g out of the "leniency" it has
displayed toward those concerned In the
Boxer movement, but confidence- is now
expressed that the vindication of the
American policy as Indicated by the impe
rial edict will. convince Europe of the wis
dom cf the course the President has pur
sued.
CarrytoJ? out tne policy of the Presi
dent. Acting Secretary Hill has insisted
that LA Hung Chang use his efforts to
establish and preserve peace and order
end to bring about the punishment of
those irullty of causing the outrages. L.I
Hung Chang promised that American life
and property should be protected in com
pliance with the demand made by Dr.
Hill, and his promise has been faithfully
Kept. Germany, on the other hand, adopt
ed a harsh policy, representing the ex
tremists in the international concert. It
ie the belief of the officials, in view of the
edict published by the Imperial Govern
ment, that the German Government, if it
has not already taken steps to do so, will
withdraw Its proposition demanding the
punishment of the responsible Chinese as
a condition precedent to peace negotia
tions.
The authorities have Insisted for some
time that if the Imperial Government
were controlled by men who patriotically
<5<?sire the preservation of the empire and
•would work in harmony with the United
States dismemberment could be avoided.
EDICT OF DEGRADATION.
Prince Tuan to 3e. Tried Before the
Imperial Clan Court.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— The Depart
ment cf State is Informed by Consrl Gen
eral Goodnow at Shanghai that Sheng,
Chines* Director of Railways and T#Ie
sraphs, has handed him a decree of the
Emperor and Empress, dated at Taignan,
1 i. 'imber 23, blaming their Ministers for
*L-*jraging the Boxers.' The edict orders
the degradation of four Princes and de
prives Prince Tuan of his salary and offl
tiaJ servants. He Is to be brought for trial
before the Imperial Clan Court.
Stand of the United States to
Have an Important Bear
ing in the Settlement
POLICY IS VINDICATED
China Desires America
to Mediate the
Difficulty.
To Be Punished
With Other
y Princes.
TUAN HAS
BEEN DULY
DEGRADED
Pages 21 to 30
'Pages 21 to 30
volume Lxxxvm-xo; 122.
The San Francisco CallPARIS, Sept. 29.— A dispatch received
here, from Taku says a' French battalion
from Peking has occupied Loukouchlo and
Chantsintien, thus obtaining coal stores, -
Occupied By the French.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 29.— Emperor
William of 'Germany; has bestowed the or
der of the-Red. Eagle on Major General
Stoessel. "commander of the International
forces at Tientsin and Taku."
General Stoessel Decorated.
Hobson Has Eye Trouble.
WASHINGTON^ Sept. 20.— Lieutenant
Hobson has applied to the Navy Depart
ment for six months', leave of absence be
cause of trouble with his eyes f ._, .;
CHARLESTON, W. Va.. Sept. 29.— A re
ceiver has been appointed for the Mont
gomery Trust and Savings Bank of Mont
gomery. W. Va.v ; on the application of
President - Champe and- Vice-President
Simrays, who | alleged - that Cashier Mc-
Cormlok had misappropriated funds, mak
ing the bank Insolvent. The liabilities are
$50 .000. the assets $15,000. of which only
$1500 is cash. The missing notes and se
curities-amount to $62,000. - •
Valuable Securities Missing.
BERLIN, Sept. 23.— I learn that it is be
lieved in Berlin that the American Gov
ernment ,wljl shortly send a • note to tho
powers regardlng'tha question of partition
of China. It is further believed that Eng
land is awaiting thcissue of this note be
fore sending an answer to Count von 3u
low's note.
Powers as to China's Partition.
Special Cable to The Call and New. York Her
ald. Copyright.. 1900, by the Herald Pub
liFhlngr Company.
Expected to Communicate With the
AWAITING AMERICA'S NOTE.
Deaths From the Plague.
GLASGf , S*pt. 29.— Two more deaths
from but __' plague have been reported.
One victim was a child born of a woman
suffering from the disease.
LONDON, Sept. 29.— A special dispatch
from Berlin to a news agency here says:
It is reported In official circles that Ger
many is ready to waive the condition that
the punishment of the guilty Chinese
functionaries should precede negotiations
for a settlement. It is recognized that
satisfaction of Germany's vengeance is a
special condition which should not bo im
posed upon the other powers.
Germany Waives Vengeance.
TIENTSIN, Sept. 27.-Count von Wal
dersee and his staff arrived here at noon
to-day. Guards of honor from all the
allies received him at the railroad station
which j was decorated . with the flags or
Germany, Russia and France. The flags
of Great Britain and the other allies were
conspicuous by their absence
The Russians are now at Lutai and
there Is no Immediate prospect of ah ad
vance upon Lonshan, as it Is said they
fear the Chinese will wreck the mines
and the railroad plant.
It is reported that German and Russian
warships and troops have left Taku to
attack Shanhalkwan. ...
Many French troops are arriving.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 29.-The Depart
ment of State has received a dispatch
from the Consul General at Shanghai,
dated August 17, in which it Is stated that
confirmation has . been received of the
massacre of the foreigners at Kuchau,
Chefang Province. July 21. 1900.
Mr. and Mrs. "Ward and child, Mr. and
Mrs. D. B. Thompson and two children,
Miss Thorgood. Miss Sherman, Miss Man
chester and Miss Desmond were among
the slain. Miss Manchester and Miss Des
mond were citizens of the United States
Miss Manchester arrived In China on Sep
tember 14. 1895. Her home was In Ed
munston, N. Y. Miss Desmond arrived In
China January 14, 1899. Her home was In
Xatick. Mass. The Consul General was
unable to learn further particulars in re
gard to the persons named.
VON WALDERSEE AT TIENTSIN".
Kuch.au Were Two Americans.
Among the Foreigners 'Killed at
CONFIRMATION OF MASSACRE.
LIMA. Peru. Sept. 29 (via Laredo Junc
tion, Tex.).— There is much excitement
here over the fact that one of the Paris
houses on which former Minister of
Finance Volaunde drew about 50,000 francs
to be used In part nnyment for arms pur
chased in Belgium has failed. to meet the
first bill due, and cannot meet tho others
maturing yesterday.
The Ministers of Finance and War have
resigned their portfolios and the Cabinet
is still" incomplete.
ister Volaunde Drew Unable to
Meet First Bill.
Paris House on Which Former Min-
PERUVIAN MINISTERS
RESIGN PORTFOLIOS
Higher Rate of Interest Will Prob
ably Be Offered, However, to
- ?¦ rlV • Prevent Shipments.
LONDON. Sept 29.— The Statist says
any appreciable, decline In the value of
money next week' or next month cannot
be expected.- It calls attention to tho fact
that air foreign exchanges are against
England.
"That America will be In a position to
call gold from London is undoubted," It
savs, "and as we cannot afford to send
gold to the United States we may bo
obliged to offer higher Interest to prevent
gold shipments."
AMERICA MAY CALL
GOLD FROM ENGLAND
KOMATIPOORT. Sopt. 28.— The review
of the British troops htld In honor of the
birthday of the King of Portugal was
picturesque. About 10,000 cavalry and ten
batteries of artillery paraded. The guards
mounted brigade called out the admira
tion of the Governor General of Portu
guese East Africa, Machado. General
Pole-Carew and his staff went to Ressano
Garrisa with Governor General Machada
and witnessed the Portuguese ceremonies.
LONDON. Sept. 29.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
PRKTORIA. Sept. 28.— To-day being the
birthday of the King of Portugal. 1 sent
a telegram from the army In South Af
rica, congratulating his Majesty. Pole-
Parew paraded all nls troops at Komati
poort and saluted the Portuguese flag.
Many Portuguese officials attended the
review." ,.;¦'•
Many Thousand Strong in
Procession at Komatipoort.
British Cavalry and Artillerymen
PARADE IN HONOR OF
KING OF PORTUGAL
The Calanda was a vessel of RC5 tons
r*»pi?tfr. She was last reported as hav
ing arrived at Nagasaki August 8 from
JCure.
NAGASAKI. Sept. "0.— The Norwegian
Fteamer Calanda and the Japanese, steam
er ls«= Mam are reported to have been in
collision off Iwo-Shlma. The Calanda was
*unk and forty-five of her passengers and
crew wero drowned. The Ise Maru put in
at Jwo-Shima.
TWO BIG STEAMERS
MEET IN COLLISION
One Vessel Sunk and Forty-five of
the Passengers and Crew
Drowned.
Grern was formally elected Lord Mayor
"f London for tho ensuing year at the
<?ui!dhall to-dny. Mr. Green is a native
of Maidstone. Kent, and is a paper mer
chant. His wife, a daughter of Joseph
Hayden. thf author of "The Dictionary of
Dates." died last winter, po the duties of
Ledy Mayoress will be undertaken by Mr.
Orccn's daughter.
As He Is a Widower, the Duties of
Lady Mayoress Will Be Under
taken by His Daughter.
LONDON. Srpt. 23.— Alderman Frank
FRANK GREEN CHOSEN
LORD MAYOR OF LONDON
SANTA ANA. Sept. 29.— "Word was re
ceived here to-day that W. W. Houghton,
once a prominent New Yorker, living In
the mountains near Deluz. San Diego
County, had become violently insane and
that he had demolished his home, de
stroying everything that was destructible.
Before becoming insane he had written
his own epitaph on a big rock on the side
of a mountain on the ranch and told
friends that when he died he wanted to
be burled beneath that rock. News has
just been received of Houghton's death at
the county hospital in San Diego. ' The
funeral will be held in Santa Ana on
Monday. .
Capture of Smugglers.
PORT TOWNSEND. Sept. 29.—Smug
gling across the British Columbia line
into the United States has been carried on
extensively of late. The officers have been
keeping a careful watch and to-day were
rewarded for their vigilance. Collector
Heustls received a telegram from Sumas
announcing the capture of two men with
a pack train of five horses laden with gen
eral merchandise and miners' supplies.
The goods were purchased in British Co
lumbia and were destined to mines twen
ty-eight miles from Sumas, In the Mount
Baker district. The customs officers think
this capture Important and believe that it
may lead to other arrests.
Interests the Coast
Special Dispatch to The Call.;
WASHINGTON, / Sept. 29.— Postmaster
commissioned: Oregon— Henry T.^Hart,
Woodvllle. Appointed: Washington— C.
F. Van AnsdJe, Pataha City, Garfleld
County.
Pensions Issued: California — Original—
GustavusA. Black, Alameda, $6. Wash
ington—Original—Horace A. T. Kennev
South Tacoma. $6: Orlando L. Gates. Che
halis, $«. Increase— William H. Black Lo
well. $10.
SAN ANDREAS. Sept. ».-The case of Laura
Davegglo vs. The Utlca Gold Mining Companv
to recover 125,000 for damages to the health of
the- plaintiff by reanon of smoke and fumes
from the ITtlca chlorlnatlon works at Angels
Camp ended to-dayin a verdict for ths de
fendant.
Former Prominent New Yorker Be
comes Violently Insane and Dies.
WRITES HIS OWN" EPITAPH.
September 10 thieves sawed through the
floor of the Alaska Commercial Company's
warehouse at Nome, obtaining gold dust
worth J10.500. Tho robbers worked so
quietlv that the watchman in the build
ing did not hear them. The geld dust was
stored in a safe in the company's office,
where Its banking business Is conducted.
Alaska Commercial Company's Ware
house Robbed of Ten Thou- '
sand Dollars.
TACOMA, Sept. 29.— On the night of
THIEVES HAKE RICH
HAUL IN NOME GOLD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, Sept 29.— A sensational
Incident in which Rev. Dr. W. H. G.
Temple, pastor of Plymouth Congrega
tional Church of Seattle, was the cen
tral figure, took place at the session of
the Provincial Convention of the Chris
tian Endeavor Society last night. Dr.
Temple was invited from Seattle as ono
of the star speakers. On Thursday, the
opening night, he gave an address on the
subject. Spirit cf Service." While
the address was a very eloquent one, it
was argued that the jokes of the Ameri
can divine were crude and somewhat «n
appropriate, coming from the pulpit.
Many of his ultra-orthodox hearers took
exception to Dr. Temple's platform
methods. *
One of these was flev. Archie Macrae
of Nanaimo a strict old country Presby
terian. Last night, lust before Dr. Tem
ple was to speak. Rev Mr. Macrae sent
him a marked copy of an article in a
Presbyterian paper entitled, "The Crime
of the Clerical Fool." It dealt with min
isters lowering the dignity of their sub
jects by silly stories and funny remarks.
Dr. Temple opened the paper after he
reached the platform and there was' an
abrupt pause as he began his second ad
dress. He dednred that the net was both
rude and Insulting and he delivered a
tongue-lashing to tha, Scotch minister so
severe that none who "heard it will forget
It in a long time. He denounced the man
who had sent it as a coward and a black
mailer. In stentorian tones he declared
that the sender of the marked copy was
not man enough to come to him and say
what he had to say, but took a mean
and underhanded advantage.
Dr. Temple of Seattle Bitterly Ar
raigns a Canadian Parson Who
Insults Him.
CALLS HIS BROTHER
A COWARD
tered the postofflce at Mesa City at 3
o'clock this morning and blew open the
safe, obtaining $1000 worth of stamps and
$200 In bills. They left hurriedly, over
looking $250 in another till.
The noise aroused a man sleeping In an
adjoining building. He notified the of
ficers, who took the trail at daylight and
followed it to Tempe. where they arrested
three tramps seen on the streets of Mesa
the day before. Two of them were placed
in the town jail and the other was re
leased. At night when the jailer went to
give them their supper he found that the
pair had filed through the grating and es
caped.
m
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 29.— At Boulder Creek
to-day three young men from San Francisco
who had been camping, stopped in front of a
etore to obtain provisions. A young: man
named Deprey was sitting In their wagon read
ing- a newspaper when a companion threw a
loaf of bread Into the wagon. It struck the
hammer of a gun which rested against De
prey's arm. causing the weapon to be dis
charged. The bullet entered Deprey's arm. v
Two Suspects Captured at Tempe File
Through Prison Bars and
Escape.
Special Dlsuatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Sept. 29.— Burglars en-
MESA CITY POSTOFFICE
LOOTED BY BURGLARS
Believed to Have Committed
• Folsom Murders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. ».-The Lnaaey
Commissioners of this county In a f»w
days will examine Arthur Sanders, -who
was arrested In Folsom on Thursday aft
ernoon with a 44-ca liber pistol. 100 cart
ridges and $335 in gold coin on his person.
He insists that he shot two men In a field
near Ridley some time ago because they
were about to assault him. He says ha
came to this county from Fresno, which
Is undoubtedly true. He Is Incoherent In
his speech, and says he owns Folsom and
other towns in this State.
People living in and about Folsom be
lieve Sanders Is the man who shot and
killed Henry Rasmussen and William
Taylor on ranches near Folsom a few
weeks ago.
Senator Depew to Sneak.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2D.-Senator Depew
will arrive in Chicago October 8 and will
speak that night under the auspices of
the Republican National Committee at
North Side Turner Hall. Sixth Congres
sional District. Senator Depew will mak9
only the one speech in the West.
Rambling Talk of Lunatic Who la
INSANE CAPTIVE SAYS
KB TrTTjTYrTD TWO 2QQT
The papers express the hope that Field
Marshal Count von Waldersee will Issue a
decree offering a large reward for Prince
Tuan, dead or alive, as the only means
of impressing upon the Chinese mind the
fart that the powers are in earnest.
The strong evidence that Russia has
seized the opportunity to formally annex
part of Manchuria and the statement of a
correspondent of the Berlin Tageblatt in
Urga. Mongolia, that Russia already
treats Mongolia as her own are here treat
ed with marked indifference. This is only
in line with tho formal declaration which
a Foreign Office official made to a corre
spondent months ago, that Germany in no
The Lokal Anzeiger to-day argues that
the United States knows, through Minister
Conger, that the Chinese Government has
been the real culprit. Hence, It adds, it
, ie ridiculous to expect this same Govern^
ment to punish Itself— "as the United
States pretends to believe In its 'reply to
•Germanv."
The report that Prince Tuan has been
appointed to a pest where his Influence for
evil is even greater than it formerly was
is here regarded by Government and press
as unmistakable evidence that the Chi
nese Government does not want peace.
The argument, besides, is that Germany's
demand that China give up the ringlead
ers before peace negotiations are begun
must be complied with by China in order
to show that she is really acting in good
faith.
The Cologne Gazette, which since the
outbreak of the China trouble has been
the favorite mouthpiece daily of the For
eign Office, combatted the view that Ger
many had been trying to embark the
other powers en dangerous seas or at
tempting to obtain the lead in the Chinese
negotiations. ,
BERLIN. Sept. 29.— The Chinese situa
tion, particularly Germany's proposal and
the United States' answer, monopolizes
public attention this week. The press,
both semi-official and independent, con
tinues to severely blame President Mc-
Kinley for his refusal to agree with the
proposition of Germany.
Imperial statistics show that 644,283 chil
dren below 14 years of age are engaged in
Industrial pursuits.
Acting United States Consul General
Hanauer of Frankfort has collected over
3000 marks for the Texas sufferers.
Emperor William, during his visit to
Elberfeld, for which big preparations are
being made, will make a trial trip on the
new suspensory railroad.
There Is a typhoid epidemic In the
Sixty-eighth Regiment, due to the bad
water that troops had to drink during the
Owing to Emperor William's special
wish, the theater censorship throughout
Prussia is now much more stringent than
formerly. All the new plays submitted
for censorship in Berlin for the coming
season have been either forbidden out
right or greatly modified. The objections
were largely of a political or social na
ture.
Contrary to current reports, there is no
prospect of an early decision regarding
the manner of carrying out Inspection un
der the new meat law, considerable dif
iiculty having been encountered.
It Is asserted here that the American
Government is not taking interest in
the German tariff discussion on the
ground that the United States will not
have any reason for complaint if no dis
crimination is made against the United
State?. It is certain the Reichstag will
not have the treaty bills before April
next.
The economic committee, which Is com
po.«#ed of high functionaries from the dif
ferent departments, convenes October 16.
Whether the minimum or maximum tarirc
will be adopted in place of the present
single tariff is a mooted question on
which the committee splits. It is certain,
however, that the duty on wheat and rye
will be raised, probably at the minimum,
to five or six marks per 220 pounds. The
Agrarians would not suppprt the Govern
ment throughout the coming session of
the Reichstag unless such a concession
were made to them.
The German press this week discussed
at length the preparations for a renewal
of the commercial treaties.
way objected to Russia's obtaining con
trol of Northern China, as German Inter
ests would not be afCeeted thereby.
Refusal of the President to Agree With Germany
Regarding* China Angers Berlin Pres^.
VON WALDKRSEE (SETTING FO6t ON CHINESE SOIL AT TAKU):
"TOO BAD ITS ALL OVER."
— Plttsburg Press.
MCKINLEY BLAMED FOR
OPPOSING THE EMPEROR
ELECTIONS IN
GREAT BRITAIN
Joseph Chamberlain Re
turned Without Op
position.
Forty.Three of the Fifty-Eight
Chosen So Far Are
Conservatives.
The Liberals had evidently packed the
audience and the disturbance was so great
that his lordship was finally obliged to
<!esi?t from addressing the meeting and
• •ommunicated the balance of his remarks
to the reporters, -who congregated on the
platform.
Lord Georpe Hamilton. Secretary of
Stat«> for ln«lia. who has represented the
ICallnjr division of Middlesex in the House
•«f Commons, and who is a brother of the
Duke of Abercurn. had a very hostile re
ception at a Unionist meeting in London
this afternoon.
In all sixty-six candidates were re
turned. The Ministerialists aggregate 53,
Lib*Ta.ls live and Nationalists two. Vis
munt «"ranhorn«" (Conservative), eldest
son of the Marquis of Salisbury, was re
«iecte4 at Rochester.
The five Liberals returned unopposed in
rlittie William Court Gully. Speaker of the
M<^u?e of Commons (Carlisle), and Sir
Henry Hartley Fowler, formerly Secre
tary of Statefor the Home Department
and Secretary of State for India (Kast
Wolverhampton).
An interesting feature of the elections
is the intervention in the colonies for the
firFt time in the election of the Mother
land. A dispatch from Hobart, Tasmania,
announces the adoption of a resolution by
the TaFmanian Assembly proposing a
i<Mnt Australian cablegram congratulat
ing Mr. Chamberlain on the British suc
fp*=srs in South Africa and hoping the
rlectors of Great Britain will emphati
cally insist on the fruits of victory being
offoctually pocured.
Among the interesting personages on the
i'rovcrnment side returned to-day without
.•rpofition v.ere Joseph Chamberlain, the
Secretary of State for the Colonies (West
Birmingham); George Wyndham. the Par
liamentary Secretary of the War Office
• Dover); Charles T. Ritchey, the presi
dent of the Board of Trade (Croydcn*;
Sir John R. Cromb (Great Yarmouth);
Jesse Colling?. Under Secretary for tbe
Home Department (Bordesley division of
Birmingham); Sir Francis Sharp Powell
»\Vigan>; Joseph Powell Williams, the
Financial Secretary of the War Oflice
< South Birmingham>; Colonel Sir Charles
H. Vincent, the lounder of the United Em
pire Trade League (Central Sheffield);
John Henniker Heaton (Cantonbury);
< harlts Bcilby Stuart -Wortley. formeriy
I'nder Secretary of State for the Home
Department (Hallam division of Sheffield) ,
and Sir Edward Albert Sasson (Hythe).
LONDON. Sept. 29.— One hundred and
fclxty-stven constituencies, returning one
fourth of the membership of the House of
commons, made their nominations to-day.
Vp to 1 o'clock this afternoon fifty-eight
members had been elected, unopposed,
comprising forty-three Conservatives,
eight T'nioniEts, five Liberals and two Na
tionalists.
There -is frank acknowledgment in all
quarters of the sweeping American suc
cesses, and it is accompanied with com
plete generosity.
Kdward Corrlgan's action In causing
Sloan to appear before the jockey club In
an effort to have him carry out his con
tract to ride Mr. Corijgan's horse Sar
donic II In the Czarewitch Instead of a
mount which Sloan seemed to prefer has
called forth considerable comment, the
papers congratulating the turf on the ar
rival of an American owner who, as one
paper puts it, "will not let himself be
ridden over rough shod by Jockeys In the
v.'ay that so many English aristocrats and
patrician owners with lamblike meekness
nave hitherto done."
That 'Statement well voices the prevail
ing sentiment. Lester Rciff now heads
tho list of winning jockeys. The week has
witnessed the defeat of England's cham
pion, the Diamond Jubilee, by an Ameri
can hcrso ¦which would, it is understood,
have been ridden by an American jockey
had It not been for Sloan's disagreement
with the Keenea while In New York. But
the fact that Cannon rode Disguise II de
tracted little from the •victory.
Sloan, /by the -way, is not likely to los«
anything by ceasing to ride for the
Keenes, as it is said he has received $25,000
as a retainer to ride for the Prince of
Wales.
John Redmond, the leader of the United
Irish party, to which both Messrs. O'Brien
and Healy belong, has quite failed to re
store harmony. J. L. Carew, who has
represented the CoHege Green division of
Dublin, is not only opposed by a Con
servative, but a candidate put forward by
a number of his constituents who are op
posed to him because he attended the
Queen's garden party.
The Conservative party in Dublin la
also torn by internal dissensions over the
refusal of Horace Curzon Plunkett, who
represented the south division of Dublin
County, and who Is vice president of th*;
Department of I Agriculture and other
technical industries, a commissioner of
the Congested Districts Board of Ireland
and also a commissioner of the Coloniza
tion Board of Scotland and Ireland and
who founded tho Irish Agricultural So
ciety'to debar Home Rulers from posi
tions in the Department of Agriculture
and by the support which Gerald Balfour.
the Chief Secretary for Ireland, has given
his action. A curious feature of this dis
sension, which is the most bitter the Con
servatives in Ireland have had in years.
Is that the Guinness millionaires, Lord
Iveagh'and Lord Ardilaun, r.re taking op
posing .views and are sustaining them vig
orously with their wealth and influence.
"There is much reason to believe," says
this week's Field, "that never In the
whole history of British sport has any
thing occurred of such a revolutionary
nature and so shattering to the accepted
standards of belief as the triumphant de
scent t)n the British turf of fhe American
jockeys and trainers."
In Ireland the election Issues are in
teresting. A very verbal fight is in pro
gress between William O'Brien and Tim
othy M. Healy. Mr. O'Brien is backed
up by the United Irish League and John
Dillon and others, while Mr. Healy has
Timothy D. O'Sullivan and several other
prominent men arguing in his behalf. The
result is that a large number of the con
stituencies will bo contested by nominees
of both Mr. O'Brien and Mr. Healy who
apparently profess the same political
principles. This may give the Conserva
tives an opportunity to capture a few
seats. •
Thus attacked on all Bides, the central
figure of the campaign, Mr. Chamberlain,
would have excitement enough if the op
position to him were confined to the op
ponents of the Government. That thl3 is
not the case Is evident from the ill-con
cealed delight with which some of Mr.
Chamberlain's supporters hail the bitter
est attacks on the Colonial Secretary,
while the party leaders, though suppress
ing any personal dislike, are seriously dis
turbed over tho allegations connecting the
Chamberlains with the Kinochs and other
firms supplying the Government.
Meanwhile the attitude of the European
powers toward China remains in the same
chaotic state. The Conservative party
managers would, so far as Great Britain
is concerned, see this policy of delay, ex
tended over the next two weeks, so that
no more handles could be afforded the
Liberals in their attacks upon the Gov
ernment. The chief object of these— Mr.
Chamberlain — seems to be losing his tem
per. In reply to a public statement by
Hon. Philip Stanhope, Liberal president
of the National Reform Union, regurd
ing the Hawkesly documents, Mr. Cham
berlain telegraphed to the latter telling
him he would "not be - blackmailed by
Stanhope or any one else," and adding:
"There is no correspondence and never
has been to prove my complicity in the
raid, which I did my utmost to stop."
Mr. Stanhope replied: "I will not stop to
qualify the vulgarity of your language,
but 4 em prepared to substantiate In the
courts every statement I have made con
cerning (j,OU." .
Mr. CSimberlaln, however, Is not ex
pected to take the matter into the courts.
But he hits back hard, with a personal
bitterness quite foreign to the traditions
of the usually sedate Cabinet Minister.
The latest feature of Mr. Chamberlain's
speeches consists in his holding up Dr.
Cavin Brown Clarke, Liberal, who repre
sented Calthness-shire and who was for
.merly Consul General of the South Af
rican Republic in London, and Henry
l^bouchere, the editor of Truth, to ig
nominy as traitors, till the audience
shouted (referring to Clarke) "Shoot him."
Sir William Vernon Harcourt, the Liberal
statesman, who has come out of retire
ment and has astonished the country by
the virility of his speeches (he was born
in 1827), scored a point by dubbing Mr.
Chamberlain a "little African" on the
ground that, as he claimed, Mr. Chamber
lain would sacrifice everything for his
African policy, and added: "Mr. Chamber
lain, considering himself to be a Captain
Cook and a General Wolfe, rolled into one,
believes he discovered Australia ana
stormed Quebec."
LONDON, Sept. 29.-Judglng from ap
pearances the British press is preparing
the wav for the announcement that Lord
Salisbury has failed to agTee to the pro
posals contained in the German note. The
papers which at first angrily declared
that the statement made to the Asso
ciated Press was inaccurate are now
either silent or are taking the view that,
after all, it is doubtful if it would be ad
visable for Great Britain to become a
party to such a stringent meas
ure. As a matter of fact, the
statement regarding Lord Salisbury's
determination created so much ex
citement and brought such severe com
ment from Berlin that it may resujt in
Great Britain's formal reply not being de
livered and may induce Germany to a
compromise arrangement. The long de
lay in Great Britain's reply reaching Ber
lin Increased the likelihood of this hap
pening. It is pointed out that it would cer
tainly suit Lord Salisbury, as he has no
inclination to incur German animosity if
it can be avoided.
Attitude of European Powers
Toward China Still in a^
Chaotic Condition.
Apparently Desires a
Compromise With,
Germany.
DELAY WELCOME
TO SALISBURY
NEWS FROM FOREIGN CAPITALS.
By Special .Cable to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1900.
22
AD VEKTISEMENTS.
THEORIES ABOUT FOOD.
Also a Few Facts on the Same
Subject.
We hear much nowadays about health
foo4« and hygienic living, about .vegeta-
rianism and many other fads along- the
same line.
Rpptaurants may be found In the larger
<~iti«»F where no meat, pastry or coffee Is j
served and the food crank is in his glory, j
and arguments and theories galore ad-|
vanced to prove that meat was never In- j
tended for human stomachs, and almost I
make us believe that our sturdy ancestors
vho lived four-score years In robust
health en roast beef, pork and mutton
must have been grossly ignorant of the
laws of health. i
Our forefather? had other, things to do
than formulate theories about the food
they ate. A warm welcome was extended
to any kind, from bacon to acorns.
• A healthy appetite and common sense
are excellent guides to follow In matters
of dirt, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and r/K-ats is undoubtedly the best.
As compared with grains and vegetables
mrat furnishes the most nutriment In a
highly concentrated form and Is digested
and 1? assimilated more quickly than veg-
etables and grains.
Or. Julius Itemmson on this subject
Fayp: "Nervous persons, people rundown
In health and Of low vitality should eat
meat and plenty of it. If the digestion is
too feeble at flirt it may be easily correct-
ed by the regular use of Stuart's Dyspep-
ffa Tablets after each meal. Two of these
exrellent tablets taken after dinner will
digest several thousand grains of meat
reps or other animal food In three hours
and no matter how weak the ctomaeh
may be no trouble will be experienced If
a regular practice is made of using Stu-
i-rt'e Dyspepsia Tablets, because thev
supply the pepsin and diastase necessary
to perfect digestion, and every form of in-
<JfeeFtlon will be overcome by their use
That large class of people who come
under the head of nervous dyppeptics
Fhould eat plenty of mrat and insure Its'
proper digestion by the daily u?e of a safe,
harmless digestive medicine like Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, composed of the nat-
ural digestive principles— pepsin, diastase,
fruit acids and salts, which actually per-
form the work of digestion. Cheap cathar-
tic medicines, masquerading under the
name of dyspepsia cures, are useless for
Indigestion, ns they have absolutely no
effect upon the actual digestion of food.
Dyspepsia in all its many forms Is- sim-
ply a failure of the stomach to digest food :
and th« sensible way to solve the riddle
and cure the dyspepUa Is to make daily
uf«» «t meal time of a preparation like
Btuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which . is In-
dorsed by the medical profession and
known to contain active digestive princi-
ples. .'C *
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets at 50c fir full treatment.
A little booklet on pause and cure of
ptoicach troubles mailed free by address-
ing F. A. Stuart Co., Marehall, Mich.
A P y hi rt/PTM k. in f : rJTS. ¦ ._, .,
A PROMINENT SOCIETY WOMAtf
Writes a Letter to Dr. Hartman About Peruna.
;*"—>\ /^ for the first month's treatment will be
"^^ heartily Indorse Mr. D. Pickard.
MISS NELLE HIGHTOWER, AUGUSTA, GEORGIA. th* t«>* nave catarrt
Miss Nelle Hlghtower, a prominent young society woman of Augusta. Geor- i n SO me form or another. And yet prob-
ghT, writes the following letter to Dr. Hartman regarding his remedy, Peruna: an i y no t a tenth of the people, know that
, , Augusta. Ga., 937 Broad Street
The Peruna Medicine Company, Columbus, Ohio: named very differently.
Gentlemen-/ have taken Peruna for catarrh and find that it h ?™ ch SL n ™ 0 £ 3 r bS" d^tnl
has qreatly benefited me. In fact, Peruna deserves more credit than other u v er complaint, another consump-
. r J u j i j it .i i r , tion. another female complaint. Thesa
any catarrh medicine sola, ana I fully appreciate the wonderful people would be very much surprised to
benefits I have derived from its use. Not only have I experienced 5SJJ?Sit£S Tut"2 "XTSrJSE
the very best results for my catarrhaf affections, but find it to be less -
a splendid tome, and I fully recommend it as such.
With best wishes to Dr. Hartman and his splendid remedy, chronic inflammation of the mucous unm*;
, » it mi n ii i , 'of whichever organ Is affected. Any ln-
Very truly, • * ¦ MlSS Nelle HightOWer. ternal remedy that will cure catarrh la
Miss Mallnda Starks. 440 Westend av- time, as it produced such bloating and ono Io^" on , *?L h^fnJT^.
enue. New York City, writes: fullness in my stomach. » on ; T , hl9 l3 w . hy P , cnin * haa , **" ?"" ??
"I wish to extend my most heartfelt »i had pains across my back, headache. % s tly fam T ° f us fiL^SS? «L™7
thanks for the benefifyour medicine ha? nervous, tired feeling, and in fact was diseases. It cures catarrh wherever
been to me. I also wish to state to the out of shape all over. I am glad to say cated. Its cures remain. Peruna floes nffl
public at large that I have been a suf- that after taking one bottle of Peruna palliate— it cures.
ferer for over a year with stomach and one of Manalln I feel, like- a new A catarrh book sent free by Th» Penina
trouble. I could not eat but a Httlo at a woman, and it glve3 me great pleasure to Medicine Co., Columbus, O.
I DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT I
I WORKS WONDERS I
® In Restoring the Vigor of Man, Curing Rheumatism, Lame Back, §
q Etc. Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt Cures or No Pay Asked. £
O . RHFUMflTISM. 3)
O It has over 3000 cures of Rheumatism. It often cures Ions-standing cases a
9 In a few days. 2?
q "After using your Belt two months 1 can now say that I am entirely cured, every 2
2 pain and every sign of the Rheumatism having left me. I feel like a different man €*
J altogether. The Belt did its work quick and sure. Refer your skeptics to me." Qf
•'.-;•, P.-BLTSTAD, Robinsons. Cal. A
© nervous c»ei3ii_i-r-v. • ©
© It pours glowing energy Into the nervous system, curing the numerous r>
O pains and aches and giving back the natural strength of the nerves. #\
A "Your Electric Belt has Indeed relieved me very much. It has strengthened my T»
a nervous system and greatly benefited the action of my kidneys. I strongly recommend **
2J your Belt for all nervous weakness, for tt has done all you claimed It would In my ©
• case." Yours truly. HE.VBY BEWS, Steward of Lane Hospital. San Francisco. Cal. 0
• WEAK. KIDNEYS-LAME B«CK Q
• Nothing equals it In curing Lame Back and the various weaknesses of O
• men. It is Nature's restorer. \ ; * S
• "Tour Belt has cured me at the are of 73 of weakness In Back and Kidneys «o X
q that I can now stocp or stand erect, drens and undress more easily than for years'- It 2
Z has also restored me to vigor and sound health." A. C. HAMMOND ' ©
** 83 Merchants' Exchange building, San Francisco O
g I AM ENTHUSIASTIC. O
a Z ne . re are .2 < \ n ? any . P e °P le shouting the praises of the Dr. McLauehlin ©
• method now that I often wonder how any one can bo skeptical about it. It la O
O the most simple proposition. You are sick, debilitated or In pain because A
O your body has not enough strength to keep it healthy. My Belt supplies this X
9 P° f^* r a^ nd the tr ™ b l e is Kone. I guarantee to cure in every case or money g
q IT BRINGS HAPPINESS. O
S The nice part of my business is the wav people talk about my method of •
g treatment^ It does a man good to know that his work brings happiness to ©
S ?^L&i of h t^ way U £ h - SSfiru'S? my PHtlent8 '° iUSlit > my «^SL.» g
© CURES WHILE YOU SLEEP". p
t to b^nTitVu^ J
g pTa-ce^or^lJSne^ oTp^tnenf ™ V <* blOOd *" <"" °< "^ThereVTo g
Q CALL. v Tp-r>AY-RRAD mY BOOK 2
If you will call on me I will explain It fully and you can te^t'lt free If 5
© VO iS I 8 ? 1 , 0 ?, 11 - i 1 ', 1 down and wrlt ® m « to-day for my beautiful Illustrated booii^.C
| ?™Vm and proof - J 8end u free - o»«s ! iisssfvs m?t*c||j
§ DRt M. A. McLaughlin, l^r^WJt: ££¦«&' I
O O » olflc-. 123 West Second St. X
fS «k £T\ 4fh J* /* J»N -sjfc ,*•. *± M. <*v^^.—..^.^__^. _ _ ™~ ¦*- — • *4rSpecial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN MATEO, Sept. 29. — In order to preserve the grounds from injury
and Intrusion on the part of the general public during the barn dance on
Friday night, Frank Carolan enlisted the services of the township Constable
and City Marshal of San Mateo, and these officers In turn collected from the
ranks of the countryside a squad of thirty special officers. After the men
had been selected an order was passed around, purporting to be from Mr.
Carolan, but which afterward proved to be entirely without the knowl
edge of that gentleman, that ten of the men were to be 'mounted on steeds
to be supplied from his stables. This was necessary, it was said, because
of the large area to be patrolled during the night. The men were ordered
to meet in the plaza of the town of San Mateo early Friday evening, where
the. horses would be awaiting them.
Some one obtained ten of the wildest bronchos which are being trained for
the German army at Baden, and as each animal was blindfolded, the gTeen
riders had no difficulty In mounting. But there was a man at each broncho's
head, and at a given signal the blinds were lifted. ; Z?$eM
To make a long story short, thera were ten disabled special officers, the
town was thrown Into a ferment of excitement, and riderless Baden bronchos
ar© overrunning the country hereabouts. Th« Constable and Marshal and
tha entire force of special policemen are now looking for the man who nego
tiated the bronchos from Baden. •
Ten Sam Mateo Special Officers. Placed Hors
"die Combat Through the Plot of a
Practical Joker.
FESTIVE BRONCHOS SUPPLIED
AS MOUNTS FOR PATROLMEN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 29.-A million
dollar suit was filed In the Superior Court
this morning— at least, that is the amount
oi money set forth in the complaint. The
title of the case is "the Los Alamitos
Sugar Company against Jonathan Bixby
and Thomas Flint," and It is an action
to compel the defendants to procure a
right of way for/the drainage from the
Alamitos sugar factory, as per alleged
agreement, over the lands now owned by
Mrs. J. W. Bixby, Fred H. and Susan
Bixby. to the Pacific Ocean, or, in case
of failure to do so, to pay $1,000,000 dam
ages.
In June. 1S96, W. A. and J. Ross Clark
entered into an agreement with the late
Llewelyn Bixby, owner of the Alamitos
rancho, situated in the southern part of
Los Angeles and the northern part of
Orange counties, one of the conditions
which was that there should be a right
of way over the lands lying between tlie
factory and the ocean, a distance of about
fouf miles, for the drainage of the tract.
The Messrs. Clark transferred their
agreement to the Alamitos Sugar Com
pany and the factory was built and has
been in operation for the past three sea
sons.
In the meantime Llewelyn Btxby died
and the right of way has not been pro
cured. On the contrary, suit has been
brought against the sugar company for
heavy damages, alleged to have been
caused by the ditch over the land in
question. As It Is practically Impossible
to conduct the factory without means
of disposing of the drainage, suit was in
stituted to compel the fulfillment of the
contract or the payment of the value of
the Improvements made by the company.
Oakdale Butcher Commits Suicide.
MODESTO. Sept. 29.— Word has been re
ceived that W. Swaford, a butcher 30
years of age, committed suicide this after
noon at Oakdale. The Coroner has gone
to hold an inquest.
Los Alamitos Sugar Company De
mands That Bight of Way Be
Given for a Drainage
Canal.
SUIT FOR A MILLION
DOLLARS DAMAGES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRASS VALLEY, Sept. 29.— Joseph
Weaver of Gold Flat and Miriam Ange
lita Gilmore of Nevada City have been
joined in the holy bonds of wedlock and
their marriage has afforded a topic for
discussion in half the homes of Grass
Valley. Weaver Is 67 years of age and
his bride is a child of 14. The ceremony
was performed In Judge Green's court
and the witnesses were a score or more
of the boon companions of the aged
groom and his father-in-law.
Judge Green hesitated to marry the
two,, but as the father of the bride was
there and gave his consent, and the wed
ding was legal, he reluctantly tied the
knot. The same time he gave some
good advice to the aged groom, suggest
ing he take good care of the child.
John Gilmore, father of the girl, was
present at the ceremony. He said he
urged the marriage, because the girl had
left home and gone to live with Weaver.
The father is a worthless character and is
familiarly known as "Hell Fire Jack."
Weaver is possessed of no means and
could not pay the customary fees. Weaver
took the girl to a saloon and bought her
a glass of beer after the ceremony and
the father of Miriam expressed his re
grets that he did not hava enough to
"treat" the crowd, as he thankful
to be rid of the care of the child. They
soon left town for Weaver's cabin on
Gold Flat, where the honeymoon will bo
spent. The young wife is one of a fam
ily of ten children, two of whom are In
the Reform School.
XCore Physicians to Testify.
PLACERVILLE, Seot. 29.— At the close
of the cross-examination of Dr. A. W.
Hoisholt. the substance of whose testi
mony In the Zumwalt murder case was
given In yesterday's dispatches, the court
adjourned until Monday. Several other
physicians are expected to testify before
the case goes to the Jury.
Grass Valley Judge Reluctantly Per
forms the Ceremony After It Is
Sanctioned by Father of
the Bride-to-Be.
OLD MAN WEDDED TO
A GIRL OF FOURTEEN
BICYCLE THIEF CAPTURED.
Them to Chicago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stole San Jose Wheels and Shipped
SAX JOSE, Sept. 29.— A wholesale steal-
Ing of bicycles was unearthed by the po
lice to-day, and Louis M. Kaskens, a
former pool seller in this city, is in jail
and has confessed to 1-aving stolen seven
wheels. Many bicycles have been stolen
here, and no trace of them could be
found. It was suspected they were being
shipped out of the State, but the police
could get no clew upon which to work.
' A few days ago Officer Prindiville
learned that Kaskens had been taking
many wheels apart and shipping the
pieces to Chicago. An investigation
showed that Kaskens on September 17
shipped two large dry goods boxes con
taining parts of bicycles to Chicago ad
dressed to Louis M. Kaskens, 264 Sedg
wick street. The goods had been marked
'•carpenter tools."
To-day Kaskens was arrested and taken
to the police station. In the "sweat box"
he broke down and confessed. He had in
tended to follow the wheels in a day or
two and dispose of his boot— and had
been prevented from going shortly after
shipping the wheels because of an error
In a remittance check sent by his rel
atives. Chicago police have been com
municated with and tne boxes of stoien
wheels will be returned to San Jose.
LODI IS UP TO DATE.
Young Hen of the Town.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Clubrooms to Be Provided for the
LODI, Sept. 29.— To give the youths of
Laodi a place where they may spend their
leisure hours without gctt.ng into mis
chief, energetic citizens of the town have
taken steps to purchase a lot and erect
a club building, to be fitted up a library,
reading room, game room, refreshment
department and gymnasium. The propo
sition is to make the library and reading
room free to everybody, including the
transient public, and to fit the game room
with billiards, cards and chess tables for
other social games, while a bowling alley
may be included. A meeting was called
recently to arrange preliminaries, and a
committee appointed to report on plans.
I-'ist night at a public meeting the re
port was made. The plans of forming a
irust company to hold the property forever
for the town met general approval. In
all probability It will be accepted. A. J.
I^arson offered to donate a fine lot In the
business portion of town, and erect a two
story brick block, if the people would put
up 11200, they to own 51 per cent of the
structure, with the opportunity of buy-
Ing the remainder at any time. This offer
is likely to be accepted.
DDES IN AN ALMSHOTTSK
Southern Beauty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sad Ending of the Life of a Noted
STOCKTON. Sept. 29.— Miss L.. F. Book
er. In ante-bellum days a reigning belle in
Virginia and later in California, died to
day in the almshouse at the age of 78. She
was a sister of Judge Booker, for many
years a typical Southern character on this
coast. The old lady lived alone for many
years in a. house rented for her by the
county and was provided for by friends
of her former days. She lived In an at
mosphere of forty years ago, and when on
the street could always be seen in the
quaint gowns of the '60'8. Three days ago
she was taken so ill that she could no
longer resist the fate of going to the
County Hospital.
Jack Babbita Annoy Ranchers.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAM JOSE. Sept. 29.— Jackrabblts arc
becoming a pest in the hills around Mount
Hamilton, and the ranchers are advocat*
Ing a round-up of "native Belgians" as a
matter of self-protection. A shrinkage in
the water supply further back in the hills
is one of the theories advanced for theu
presence further down toward the valley.
In San Antone and Paradise valleys they
are polluting the wells. Thirty-two dead
rabbits were taken from one well in Para
dise Valley. They seem to be mad in their
search for water and jump in to the wells.
Dividend for Prune Growers.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Sept. 29.-The California
Cured Fruit Association to-day declared
a dividend to Its members, 'which means a
distribution of $100,000 among the prune
erowers of the State. It is based on all
fruit now in the warehouses of the asso
ciation, and is one-half cent a pound Ir
respective of sizes on all fruit to the
size of 120 to the pound, and one-fourth of
a cent on the smaller cizes. Several more
dividends on the pound basis will follow
shortly and later a dividend will c bo Is
sued on the different grades. '¦¦-,':"<.
WAREHOUSE AND HAY LOST.
age at Danville.
Conflagration Does Extensive Dam-
WALNUT CREEK. Sept. 29.-The
grangers' warehouse at Danville was de
stroyed by fire this morning. The railroad
depot near by became ignited, but was
taved. Twenty-seven hundred tens of
hay was lost and two cars on the track
were burned. The warehouse was owned
by the Grangers' Bank. It was 300 feet
long. The contents were partlv insured.
, PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 29.-Fire start
ed In the local Chinatown at 2:30 o'clock
this morning, gaining considerable head
way before it was checked. The entire
town was threatened, but the effective
work of the Chinese, aided by PaciSc
Grove citizens, prevented serious dam
age. Three buildings were consumed. Tho
loss was about £>'•<).
Fl'LLERTON, Sept. 23.— The residence
end furniture of G. W. Sherwood were de
stroyed by fire this morning. The loss !s
52200, -with no insurance.
Lest Her Life in a Wreck.
Fr.«Tlal Dispatch to The Call.
Fj-'P'-ial Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON*. Sept. 29.— The case of Mrs.
Ixivell. killed in the railroad wreck near
Corinne, Utah, on Thursday, is particular
ly <ad. She was en route to visit her son
In Missouri. Mrs. Lowell had been sperid
ir.pr some months •with her daughter, Mr».
A. It. Hopkins of this city. Mr. Hopkins
i« the. leading member of the Stockton
Printing Company of this city, and- it is
understood that he has taken the prelim
inary steps for a le^al accounting with the
railroad compar.y for the death of his
wife's mother.
SANTA CLARA'S GAS PLANT.
Construction Work Begun on the
New Municipal System.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, Sept. 29.— Work was
begun to-day on the municipal gas plant
here. Contracts for the construction of
cement foundations for the building to
contain the generating plant were let two
weeks ago and T. P. Cunningham, the
contractor, commenced operations this
morning.
At a meeting of the Board of Town
Trustees last evening the contract for the
building was awarded to Morrison Bros,
in the 6um of J11U0, with J1S5 added to pro
vide for the construction of walls twelve
inches in diameter instead of eight, as
specified in the contract. The new build
ing will be commenced immediately.
Bonds to the tmount of $30,000 were is
sued for the purposo of installing tho
municipal gas service. Of this amount
$7443 was paid to the San Jose Light and
Power Company for its Santa Clara sys
tem of pipes, tanks and meters. The
generating plant is to cost $11,000. New
pipe has Deen purchased for the extension
of the system. For this purpose $3000 was
expended.
upon completion of these improvements,
about December 15, Santa Clara will be
possessed of independent gas, water and
electric light utilities, owned and operated
under control of the Board of Town Trus
tees. Under this system tha improvements
have proved self-sustaining and have pro
duced revenue sufficient to pay off the
bonded indebtedness as it falls due, to
gether with the interest accruing thereon.
The sewer system will next receive con
sideration, after which will come the
construction of a new high school build-
Ing. .
CONTRA COSTA COTnTCTY'S
CLAIMS ARE REJECTED
Examiners Hold That Pull Rate Can-
not Be Collected for the Care
- of Orphans.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 29.— The State
Board of Examiners to-day rejected the
claim of Contra Costa County for $13,
614 93 for the support of orphans, half
orphans and abandoned children during
a period of seven years. The county
claimed the full State appropriation in
each case, ajthough it had not paid out
the full amount. The Board of Examin
ers held that it had once passed upon the
same claims. It is understood that Contra
Costa County will endeavor by mandate
proceedings to compel the board to allow
the claims.
Surprise Party for Octogenarians
SONOMA, Sept. 29.— Mrs. Sophia Craig
and William H. Hyde, members of the lo
cal Congregational church, reached their
eightieth milepost to-day. In honor of
the event the iadies of the church ten
dered them a surprise. One hundred in
vited guests congregated In the lecture
room, where a spread awaited them. The
decorations were elaborate and artistic.
There were music and speechmaklng and
telegrams of congratulation were read.
Speeches were made by Hon. Robert
Howe. Benjamin Weed. Fred T. Duhring,
Rev. C. D. Milliken and others.
Pacific Grove Newspaper Sale.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 29.— The Pacific
Grove Review, a weekly paper, has been
sold to Wallace Clarence Brown of Mon
terey, owner and editor of the Monterey
Cypress. Tho Review and Cypress will
be conducted as separate journals, devoted
to the interests of their respective towns.
F. C. Mlchaells of Monterey will have
charge of the Review and Mr. Brown will
continue to manage the Cypress.
Two "Workmen Killed.
CARTERS, Sept. 29.— An accident on the
logging railroad of the West Side Flume
and Lumber Company to-day resulted In
the death of two men, W. C. Duputy and
Gus Reuter, each aged about 50 years.
The men were riding on a car bearing
Iog3. When rounding a sharp curve the
binding chains broke and the logs rolled
off, crushing the two men.
TACOMA, Sept. 29. — The Tacoma and Colum
bia River Railway was Bold by the receiver
to-day under orders of the United States court.
It was bid In by the Stetson Trust Company
of Tacoma. represented by Charles 8. Togs.
for $17,000. Three years ago the same road sold
for 910,000. It has twelve miles In operation.
Arrested at Portland.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 29.— Captain S.-
A. Hearn of the British ship Genista ap
peared before Justice of the Peace Vree
land to-day on a charge of criminal libel
preferred by John Grant, a sailor boarding
house keeper. The action was brought as
one result of the long-standing troubles
between shlpmast ,rs and the men who
provide them with cret,'3. Captain Hearn
•was held to the Grand Jury in $300 bonds.
Tho Genista Is loaded with a cargo of
wheat for Europe and was to have sailed
yesterday. Captain Hearn's detention, it
is supposed, will delay her departure.
Captain of the British Ship Genista
CBXMXNTAL 7VTBTX CHARGED.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 29,-Jchn H. Moh
winkel. who lived at Highland Park, a
suburb of this city, was struck by the
out-ward-bound Stockton train at Four
teenth and R streets about 5 o'clock this
afternoon and instantly killed. So far as
is known there were no eyewitnesses to
the accident except the trainmen. Moh
winkel evidently drove on the crossing
before he saw the approaching train and
the wagon was struck before he could
clear the track. The body was carried
about thirty feet from the crossing. The
wagon was wrecked and one of the horses
was injured so that it had to be killed.
Mohwlnkel leaves a wife, a son and two
married daughters.
at Sacramento.
John H. Mohwinkel Loses His Idfe
STRUCK BY A. TRAIN.
GTJESTS OF THE GARDEN CITY.
Fraternal Aid Association Delegates
in Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Sept. 29.— The seventh quar
terly convention of the Fraternal Aid As
sociation of this district was in session
here to-day. About fifty delegates are
present. Rules and amendments to laws
governing the order are being considered.
The officers of the convention are: Past
grand president, J. I. Wehrley; president,
A. Brant: vice president, Mrs. S. K. Brad
ford: secretary, Mrs. M. A. Holland:
treasurer, J. L. Bowers; chaplain. Mrs.
Rose Lantz; guide, Mrs. Agnes Estes; ob
server, M. E. Hall; trustees. E. L. Tour
tillot A. Sleverson. G. B. Johnson; sen
tinel. J. A. Laederlch; pianist. Mrs. L. P.
Rives.
This evening the local councils enter
tained the delegates at a banquet, fol
lowed by a musical and literary entertain
ment.
FRESNO, Sept. 29.— Colonel Har
rington Astley Trevelyan, manager
of the Barton vineyard estate, died
at the Burnett Sanitarium this
morning of heart trouble, aggra
vated by an attack of pneumonia. Colonel
Trevelyan was a survivor of the famous
Light Brigade and participated in the
memorable charge at Balalclava during
the Crimean war. He served as cornet in
the Eleventh Hussars, one of the "four
regiments that composed the brigade, un
dar Lord Cardigan. He was the descend
ant of a well-to-do English family.
Colonel Trevelyan's illness was contracted
in San Francisco during the recent cele
bration. He recovered from the attack of
pneumonia, but the disease left him in a
weakened condition and he succumbed to
the heart trouble, from which he had suf
fered for years.
Colonel Trevelyan was 19 years old
when he took part in the famous battle
of Balaklava. He was then a lieutenant
in the Eleventh Hussars. When Lord
Raglan, eommander-in-chief of the Brit
ish army, gave the order to the Six Hun
dred to charge and endeavor to retake
the guns that had been captured by the
Russians, there were 20,000 of the enemy
posted at the end of the narrow valley,
with mountains back of them and bat
teries of guns in their front. But the
Six Hundred, since immortalized by Ten
nyson's thrilling lyric, boldly rode "Into
the Jaws of death, into the mouth of
hell," the Lancers shaking their weapons
in the air. the young Earl of Cadogan at
the front as cool and Intrepid as if going
to a hunt with the hounds.
Colonel Trevelyan, whenever he spoke
of the "charge of the Six Hundred," mod
estly referred very little to himself.
In his opinion had the Seventeenth Lan
cers and the Eleventh Hussars been or
dered to advance when a disorganized
force of Russian cavalry crossed the
plain to reach the shelter of their forts,
the Russians would have been routed and
the disaster that befell the British arms
would have been averted.
"At the opportune moment," so related
Colonel Trevelyan a few years ago, "the
officer in command of the Seventeenth
Lancers, said to ihe young Earl of Cado
gan, 'There, my Lord, Is an opportunity
never likely to return.'
When Captain Nolan came from Lord
Raglan with the order to charge there
were no Russians in sight. But oft we
went around the end of the valley and
charged half a league straight through
the batteries of guns in front, with guna
on both flanks and riflemen lining the
hills. Captain Nolan, who brought the
order to charge, had not gone far when
he gave a fearful yell and dropped dead.
The grapeshot was tearing holes in us.
One of our seniors was literally blown
up, and we found no trace of him after
ward."
This is the substance of Colonel Trev
elyan's version. When the survivors rode
back Colonel Trevelyan was congratulat
ing himself upon not being dead, when a
bullet struck his headdress. That night
he went to the hospital with a bullet
wound in the calf of his left leg, a sword
cut on his right wrist and several minor
cuts and wounds to attest to the fierce
ness of the fray.
After the Crimean war Colonel Trevel
yan returned to England and was feted
as a hero. His promotion was rapid He
served In India, and at the age of 33 he
was a colonel In her Majesty's service.
In 1S90 he came to the United States.
\\hile touring In California he saw and
liked the country near Fresno, and he has
since remained there as manager of the
Barton vineyard.
Colonel Trevelyan's father was an Eng
lish clergyman and the son of a baronet
Sir George Otto Trevelyan was a cousin.
Sir Walter Trevelyan, the present baro
net, is a nephew of Colonel Trevelyan.
Colonel Trevelyan was well known In
w, n F^anc'sco. where he spent consider
able of his time. He was a popular mem
ber of the Press Club of this city.
THE LATE COLONEL HARRINGTON ASTLET TREVELYAN. THE
SMALL DRAWING IN THE UPPER LEFT HAND CORNER WAS
MADE FROM A PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN WHEN HE WAS CAPTAIN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 29.— The Turners of
the Southern California, or sixth district,
began a three days' celebration here to
night, the attendance being large from the
societies of Los Angeles, Redlands, River
side, Anaheim, Orange, Santa Ana and
other cities of the southern part of the
State. The visiting delegations arrived on
the evening train, having several special
cars attached to the Los Angeles local.
The members of the San Diego society
met them at the depot and formed a
torchlight parade, escorting the guests
through the decorated streets to the Tur
ner Hall, which was a mass of flowers
and bunting.
The opening session of the celebration
was held at the hall to-night. The ad
dress of welcome was' delivered by Louis
Fritz, president of the district, whose
home is here.
There were prize singing, dancing and
declaiming, and the prizes, which are
worth striving for, will be bestowed be
fore the close of the meeting.
To-morrow will be devoted to a picnic
at Linwood Grove, at which there will be
prize shooting and prize turning. The
business sessions will be held on Monday.
Harry Dehm, a newspaper man, met
with a serious accident through the pre
mature or unexpected discharge of a dy
namite firecracker while the parade was
passing on Fifth street. His left hand was
badly lacerated and the left side of his
face injured. %
Competitive Singing, Dancing and
Declaiming Form Interesting
Features of First Night's
VISITORS STRIVE FOR PRIZES
Three Days 1 Celebration
Begins in tte South
ern City.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SACRAMENTO. Sej)t. 29.— Frank A.
Gamble, a chemist of this city, who an
alyzed the contents of the stomach of
Mrs. Jennie Douglas Gotthold, who was
found dead In the house of her father.
City Trustee Phil Douglas, last Saturday
morning, has submitted his report to
Coroner McMullen. The chemist found
morphine in both the stomach and liver
to the combined quantity of five-sixths of
a grain. That would not ordinarily cause
death, but would prove fatal In the case
of a person addicted to the use of intoxi
cating liquors. The Coroner will resume
the Inquest in Mrs. Gotthold's case next
week.
The case of May Arlington, charged
with vagrancy, who was arrested at the
Instance of Policeman James Douglas, an
uncle of the deceased, will come up for
trial on October 4. The Arlington woman
was a frequent visitor at the house of
Trustee Douglas, and Policeman Jame.i
Douglas openly charged that she was en
deavoring to obtain a hold of his brother's
property. Her arrest, following Imme
diately the death of Mrs. Gotthold. added
to the mystery surrounding the case, and
has led to the belief that the uncle of the
dead woman may be holding in reserve
some sensational evidence against the
prisoner.
Chemist Gamble Submits His Report
to the Coroner and the Inquest
Will Be Resinned This
Week.
IS SUFPICffiNt TO PROVE FATAL
Traces ol Poison Found in
•tne Stomacn ol the
Dead Woman.
MRS. GOTTHOLD
WAS A VICTIM
OF MORPHINE
SAN DIEGO IN
POSSESSION OF
THE TURNERS
Bp«clal Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Sept. 29.— Carlton H.
Stowe, an Inmate of the State Hospital
for the Insane, made a vicious attack late
last night upon Peter Martin, the attend
ant In charge of his ward. Martin's scalp
was gashed to the bone in a half dozen
places and his right eyebrow and right
ear were bitten off by his insane assail
ant.
Stowe planned the assault with the
shrewd cunning frequently exhibited by
madmen. He knew that Martin entered
the dormitory late each evening to re
strain in bed one of the patients. Stowe
obtained a piece of bed ticking and when
out exercising lnvthe yard he gathered a
pocketful of sand and gravel. With these
he succeeded in making a rude but effec
tive sandbag.
Armed with this murderous weapon, the
insane man laid in wait for the attendant,
whom he had planned to kill because the
latter would not allow him as many liber
ties as he thought he was entitled to.
"While Martin was working with the
straps on the bed, the patient dealt him a
vicious blow behind the ear with the
sandbag. Martin dropped to ".he floor, and
then his Insane assailant rained blow aft
er blow upon the head of the prostrate
man. Growing more furious, the mad
man sprang upon the unconscious attend
ant and bit him fiercely about the face
and neck. The taste of human blood ap
parently affected the madman as It would
a wild beast, and the ferocity he display
ed, as described by another patient who
witnessed the attack, was diabolical.
The flowing blood brought Martin to a
feeble consciousness, and after one of the
other patients had pulled Stowe from his
victim, the attendant was able to call for
help. Other attendants quickly arrived
end Martin was assisted from the room.
The attendants went back to look after
Stowe and found him in bed feigning
sleep. He made no resistance when the
straps were placed on him. This morn
ing he asked if he had killed Martin, and
when told that the attendant would live
he muttered his regrets.
Stowe is suffering from what the physi
cians term paranoia. -He imagines that
he is being persecuted and pursued. He
was committed from El Dorado County
in 1S05 and is an incurable. He believed
that Martin had the power to release him
from the institution if he would, and it
was because the attendant refused to help
him to escape from the asylum that he
made the attack on him.
The injured man was removed to his
home and is doing- well, but will be disfig
ured for life.
Sight of Blood Drives the Madman
Into a Frenzy and Only the
Opportune Arrival of Aid
Saves His Victim.
EAR AND EYEBROW BITTEN OFF
Attache ol Stockton Asylum
Maimed lor Liie Dy
an Inmate.
MANIAC'S VICIOUS
ASSAULT UPON
AN ATTENDANT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VAULEJO, Sept. 29.— As the result of a
shooting affray that took place In the
Pearl saloon, on Georgia 6treet, at 1:30
o'clock this morning, the proprietor,
Frank Burns, and James Coakley are In a
precarious condition, suffering from
wounds inflicted by David Barker, a dis
charged marine.
Barker while intoxicated visited Bums'
Faloon and was made a butt of ridicule by
the occupants of the place, who tormented
him until he threatened to kill somebody
If they did not desist. The crowd kept up
Its rough sport, and finally Barker became
bo excited that he drew a revolver and
lircd at "Yank" Savage, the barkeeper.
His aim was bad and the ball took effect
In the bar, doing no harm.
At this the crowd saw that Barker
meant business and : started to rush
through the back door. Barker shot at
his fleeing tormenters, the bullet taking
effect jn the right elbow of James Coak
ley. shattering the wnes of his arm.
Barker walked out into the street and
was followed by Burns, who asked him
what was the matter. At this Barker
turned half around and fired directly at
Burns. The saloon man dodged, but too
late. The bullet passed directly through
his neck, just missing the jugular vein.
Barker started up the street at a lively
pace and entered a yard at the rear of the
Klondike saloon, where he reloaded hfs
revolver and a>;ain came upon the street.
He was captured by Officers Williams ar.d
Scully. He made no resistance and was
taken to jail, where he will remain pend
ing- the results of the wounds he inflicted
upon his victims. He was still greatly ex
cited when taken in. ana paid that he had
been tormented into the act. He will be
brought up Monday before Judge Genty.
Goad*d Into a Frenzy by tlie Gibes
of Loungers He Draws a B-evolver
and Fires Into the
Crowd.
CRIME OP MARINE BARKER.
Two Persons Wounded in
a Saloon Affray at
Vallejo.
TORMENTORS OF
DRIKEN MAN
STOP BULLETS
SURVIVOR OF BALAKLAVA
PASSES AWAY AT FRESNO
Colonel Harrington A. Trevelyan Succumbs
to an Affection of the Heart.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1900.
23
SCHOOL CHILDREN
ATTACKED BY LYNX
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GILROY. Sept. 29.— School chil
dren at Bells station, situated on
the summit of the Pacheco hills,
southeast of Gllroy, were attacked
several days ago by a lynx whila
they were at play. A 10-year-old
son of Fanner Guilhamet fought
o(I the animal and then ran to his
home to get a gun. "When he re
turned the lynx had disappeared.
The next day. as Mr. Guilhamet
was riding on horseback along the
road, the lynx suddenly sprang
upon him. Guilhamet killed It
with a club. The animal was a
large specimen of Its kind and had
done great damage to stock and
poultry In the district.
ADVZBTISEMEHTS.
Motherhood "neana either happiness
or misery. There is scant happiness for
the mother, who in pain and weakness
brings into tie xrorla a weakling babe
which she caa neither nurse nor nourish.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription fits
women for motherhood. It strengthens
the maternal organism. It trancpiilizes
the nerves, encourages the appetite and
brings refreshing sleep. It makes the
birth hour pracUally painless and gives
the mother the nourishment to give her
child.
There is no alcohol in "Favorite Pre-
scription,'' and it is absolutely free from
opium, cocaine, and all other narcotics.
¦ Words casaot express howsratefal I am for
your kind advice and your ' F[avorite Prescrip-
tion,' " trriie* Mrs. D. B. Barricks, of Perrowa,
Carnpbell Co.. Va. « I feel that it has cured me.
I had been in poor t ealth for four years. Suf-
fered greatly wiUi my right side, also with
bttiriae-dowh pains, and av nerves Trcre in a
dreadful state. After using Tour bottles of your
• Favorite Prescription * I am now well. I am
the mother of two children. With the first
cfeild I suffered twenty-eisrht hours, and with
the eecoad I used your medicine and was sick
only three hoars. I believe Dr. Pierce's Favor-
ite Presdptien to be the best medicine in the
world for suffering frmalrs. I wish you great
success, aod hope that God will bless you in
your noble work."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one -cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierc-, BufiJalo, N. Y.
S3 scfRPQ 19 im lf my SkIn
?$£y fo| ]£fc>5»t> "case of eczema
Price =5 cents. Al dru B gi8ts o r sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR PAUL, Dfc.
FORD. 175 N. Spring St.. Los Angeles. CaL
KAUWAT'S EISADI RELIEF has stood
unrivaled betsre the public for M years as a
YVn Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Bora Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Itheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Tothach* and all pains. Internally
tot MaUri* sv&4 ail Bowel Falsa, AU drurgUts.
r [ 0 r 1
men
1 a n 1
boys.
Better be buying Ij
your winter underwear.
I Cold weather coming
I and you ought to be
I ready. The new stock
I is in. Better, even,
I than last year.
4 Kztra j«cs for txtn large mm st a* extra esct.
j underwear |
I Ribbed winter weight 45c H
I Fleeced lined for winter 50c ij
I All wool camel's hair 75c El
I Extra heavy all wool 90c I j
fi Wright's health underwear 95c j
a Ribbed til wool $1.00 I
(9 Heavy winter wdght Vicuna $ 1. 00 It
m Pure lamb's wool £ 2 **5 I
H Double front and back $1.25 B
y Red knit underwear £1.00 |
B Extra heavy double front jrj
n and back— double seated ||
n drawers $1.50 fj
1 Extra heavy Scotch wool for tj
II conductors, policemen and 8
I outdoor workers $2.00 H
I Extra beary underwear and seder? for mining M
I pnrpoiet, Alaskan wear — a ipetUlty. tj
I socks I
H Men's best wool sox, all colon 25c f
¦ 4 6 pr. for (1.40 S
B Heavy Merino I2^c pair 1
F3 Ji das. pr. for 70c M
B Tan or black Maco cotton S^cpr H
I A } Red Front spcdal "Hard to §
1 wear out" brand, Maco cotton P
I sox, tan or black, 12 Repair 1
I boys' underwear 1
Ea Heavy cotton ribbed . 25c f
B Dr. Wright's fleeced lined 50c tj
H Winter weight camel's hair 50c S
1 No ate toorerpay Red Froat price* El
f<i Mall orders filled M
TO THE PUBLIC!
PIXOLE. JTJJTE 23. 1S99.— I TAKE THIS
means of expressing my thanks to I>r. Wong
Him. 113-117 Mason at.,
/$?tSr^ F - F> fcr hav!n S curM
*i£i***8iQg me of kidney, womb
xJtfii ii trouble ami cancer of
\v2r^£ I stomach. I was a great
m/ r g sufferer for 15 years, and
%}«£> J found no permanent r»-
BScZ^f lief until I tried Dr.
J^bj»-v/w^ WunK Him. ari'l In six
VK&^""«'^ months ' time he has
? if^-^ftCTOSNlV* cur *" 1 me - An y Person
•within*? me to certiry
lfc *v«C«i2E,.V'' this can find me.
MRS. OEORGB BETZ.
Pinole. Cbntra Costa County. Cal.
SAM FTtAXCISCO (Cal.). Oct. IS. 1S0S.— Tr>
Whom It May Concern: This U to certify that
Dr. Wong; Him oi 115-117 Mason street. San
Francisco, has cured me entirely of Eright's
disease of the kidneys and consumption of tha
bowels of long standing, and I am only too
happy to make this statement for the benefit of
all troubled In any way by diseases. You will
Und the doctor a gentleman In every way. Very
respectfully. MISS M. J. SHI.N'E.
861 Fulton street. San Francisco.
S. K-. Dec. 4. 1S99.— Dr. Wong Him. lli-117
Mason St.. S. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For the bene-
fit of others I wish to make a statement of my
case, which was heart trouble. After treating
with sit eminent physicians, my case was pro-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wong Him
and his wonderful cures. I decided to try his
herb treatment. He did all he claimed and
after treating: six months I am now well and
stronsr. Yours respectfully,
mr8. Barlow, ict. Mission st.. a r.
DR. PIERCE'S Guaranteed
ELECTRIC vJvS to be ths
W« have belts aa low as |S, sazn* aa others
¦ell at much higher prices, but they are not
"DR. PIERCE'S." ir you want the BEST, a,
belt that will cure without medicine, won't
fall to pieces In a short time, and which mar
be had at a moderate price, you must have>
"DR. PIERCE'S."
Call or send a 2-ceat stamp for "BOOKLET
NO. 2." Address: ,
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
C-O Market Street. San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. New York City.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
"tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexea.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kld.
n'eys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
XABER. AX.FS & BRUME. Agents.
823 Market St.. S. F.— (Send fcr Circular.)
DR. HALL'S BElNYlGOmOR craw;
Five hundred reward for any 5s)s^%^
ca?e we cannot cure. This secret |sB F*7
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours. ' J «.
cures Emission?. Impotency, Varl- ppg mf
cocele. Gonorrhoea. (Jleet. Fits. fi*f1 S»tt
Strictures, Lust Manhood and a!l U2L1 >(')'
wasting effects of self-abuse or BSIBSr
excesses. Sent sealed. JI bottle; 3 sVant
bottles, Jo; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S55
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073S
Market st.. S. F. All private dlseaaea qoielUy
cured Send for free boofc
ortblALIo 1 0 run MtN, ; \^ asjL" . ¥§*j
ESTABLISHED 1881. /^V^W«rJw v^vSS^Sfci^W //
Largest Institution, Most Ex- Wl^uff^M^^V \ ' ///
F \Ve cure Lost Manhood and -^///M wfel 'i^M^^^^^ ivf
wMkness which accompanies it. 7^yU/yW *<»£$/? Wzf5%ffir<y/<< fi^y*$8Z&? '///
also Private Diseases. Varico- "Zy/Kv V ///s
cole. Stricture, Blood Poison. Z&W7 X/^$S Wt^Jfyf^JMWm^ ///O
Diseases of the Kidneys, Blad- VTffifA / <'r^^ 0^
by mnil. Correspondence confl- j/v A Ss^^5 +f~ - :^^^^^^'4^^^^%V^$-
ELEVATOR \HO\ MARKET STREET, Hours-s to 5. D»n y .
ENTRANCE.] /Ol San francisco. ZZZEfJtmaster General Madden.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 29.— The annual
report of Third Assistant Postmaster
General Madden for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1900, which is soon to be pub
lished, will show that the total number of
postage stamps of all kinds issued, in
cluding ordinary stamps, postage due
stamps, stamped envelopes and postal
cards, reached the enormous total of five
and one-third billions, valued at S93.000.
000—an increase of "over 400,000,000 stamps
over the preceding year.
The use of what is known as "special
requests'! envelopes, on which the Post
offlce Department prints the purchaser's
return address . free of charge, has in
creased over 15 per cent over the previous
year, the total number issued being near,
ly 450,000,000. The use of .these stamped
envelopes Is confined largely to business
concerns, and the immense increase is sig
nificant of the Increase of business,"
Interesting Figures in the Annual
Report of Third Assistant Post-
HEAVY INCREASE IN
POSTOFFICE BUSINESS
Suicide of a Newspaper Man.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Sept. 29.-George
Welchons. one of the best known news
paper men in Pennsylvania, committed
suicide by severing the arteries of his
arm with a penknife to-night In a bed
room of a Harrlsburg restaurant. Mr.
"Kelchons had been drinking very hard
since he came to'thls city, two weeks ago
and labored under the hallucination that
he was pursued by enemies. Welchons
was formerly a member of the Republi
can State Committee, and during the last
gubernatorial campaign he had charge of
the press bureau at tha Republican State
headquarters, .
TAMPA. Fla.. Sept. 29.-Hope Barnett
and Edwin Stanford were killed in a
street duel with revolvers at Port Tampa
City last night. Charles Barnett, a broth
er, was, shot and seriously wounded A
political feud is said to have been' the
cause of the trouble. "";,"*
TWO MEN KII^ED
IN A STREET DUEL
Hope Barnett and Edwin Stanford
Meet Death as the Result of a
Political Feud in Florida.
Workmen Drilling a Well Find Val
uable Ore a.. ear the Taber
Opera-House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER. Sept. 29.-A travesty of fate
is the discovery of gold under the Taber
Opera-house, built by the late Senator Ta
ber. who spent $1,200,000 In its erection,
then lost it in the crash which swept
away his fortune of $10,000,000. While an
artesian well was being drilled alongside
the opera-house ore was struck at a depth
of 380 feet to-day. Rock began to drop
?, ut n.S f i h f, dri i l tube - whlcn MIne r John
D. Mitchell, who was standing by, recog
nized as cold ore. Pieces of the rock
were taken to an assayer. If the ore
proves In quality and quantity worth min
ing a shaft may be sunk in the heart of
Denver..
The property on which the opera-house
:1 lo w ate , d ls valued at half a million and
the block at twice as much more, so it Is
the most valuable undeveloped claim in
<he world. It would be strange if it
should be found that Senator Taber who
died penniless, should have overlooked
K,"nrtL» V, T l t eet a £> rtun e beneath the
building which bears his name
GOLD IS FOUND IN '
THE HEART OF DEN V Kit
People's Christian Temperance Union to
day elected these officers:
President. Miss Eva Marshall Shontz,
Chlrago; corresponding secretary. W. G.
Dean. Chicago; assistant corresponding
secretary, Ada Jenks. Chicago; recording
secretary, Adena Myers. Hamilton, Ohio;
treasurer. Franklin J. Jatkson, Chicago;
vice president Eastern district. Maude
Johnson. Rochester. N. Y.; vice president
Central district. Dr. C. P. Berkey. Minne
apolis; vice president Western district.
Miss C. A. Davis. Denver; vice president
Southern district. Will K. Reame. Kansas
City.
To-morrow delegates will preach in sev
eral of the city churches.
Burned to Death.
MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 29.— Mrs. R. C.
Pickett was burned to death at her home
to-day by tho explosion at a. Jany?.
OFFICERS ELECTED
BY TEMPERANCE UNION
Delegates to ths Convention Will Oc
cupy Pulpits in Kansas City
Churches.
KANSAS CITY. Sept. 2I>.-The Young
Sum Agreed Upon for the Surrender
of Bines Will Be Paid by
Government.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 29.— Baron Speck
von Sternberg, German Charge d' Affaires,
was at the State Department to-day in
reference to- closing up that branch of the
Satnoan agreement relating to the pay
ment to the native Samoans the value of
the rifles surrendered by thorn. When the
Samoan Commissioners arrived at Apia
they deemed it expedient first to secure
the disarmament of the belligerent native
factions. This was agreed to by the na
tives on the understanding that $12 50 for
each rille would be paid. Some 3000 rifles
thereupon were turned over.
The natives now are asking- the payment
of the money, and Dr. Solf. the Governor,
has proposed that the payment shall be
made under restrictions proposed by the
foreign Consuls in order that the consid
erable amount of money Involved shall not
load to disorder among the natives. The
three parties lnteropted at the same time
In- Samoa of the surrender of the rifles.
Germany: Great Britain and the Unitfd
States, will jointly contribute the amount,
and no difficulty is expected in niai.'ng tiie
fttlement.
SAMOANS WELL BE
FXTLLY REIMBURSED
dent M. E. Inpalls of that road might not
be a likely candidate for the presidency
of the Southern Pacific.
"I hardly think so," said Mr. Mills.
Mr. Ingalls called at the office of the
Southern Pacific a few days ago.
he knew of no such offer. Mr. Mills was
reminded of the rf-ports that have be^.-n
current to the effect that the Hie Four
read v.ould br come an integral part of the
Var.dorbilt system in the near future, and
he waa asked whether In that case Presi-
NEW YORK. Sept. ?9— The Mail
2nd Express to-day prints the
fol'fiwinf? : Thf- directors of the
Southern Pacific Railroad will
hold their regular monthly
rr-e«?tinc n<-xr Thursday, but It is not likely
they arm select a president to succeed the
late C. P. Huntirjrton then. A report
from San Francisco says the presidency
VTM ofJcr^d by a Fjifccial committee to H.
K. Huniington. the- first vice president,
lur that bf declined it. D. O^den Mills.
ere of the commitu <• having the selection
(fa pirsident in charge, said to-day that
Directors of the Southern Pacific Railroad Will Meet at
New York Next Thursday.
HUNTINGTON'S SUCCESSOR
HAS NOT BEEN SELECTED
RICHMOND. Ind., Sept. 29.— The Indiana
yearly meeting of Friends, now In session
here, has joined other American yearly
meetings in the work of establishing mis
sions In the West Indies. The work be
gins this year. A new constitution, de
signed to meet all the conventions, was
decided upon to-day.
Will Establish Missions.
Trial Trips in the Bay.
WASHIXGTOX, Sept. 29.— It has b*«n
proposed to the Navy Department that
the trial trips of the monitor Wyoming
and the torpedo-boats Paul Jones and
I'reble shall be in San Francisco Bay by
the standardized score method. Instead of
over a measured course, as is usual. These
craft are now in course of construction by
the Union Iron Works of San Francisco.
A determination has not yet been reached,
and it will depend^ uporr the views of the
bureau chiefs as to the practicability of
the plan.
Through the efforts of Miss Mabel
O'Connor, who resides at 3443 Nineteenth
street, the fund for the relief of the Gal
veston sufferers was Increased to the ex
tent of $70 25. This sum was turned
over to The Call yesterday by the young
lady, and was immediately sent to the
Red Cross Society to be entered with the
other sums received by that organization.
When the news of the terrible hurricane
which played havoc with the lives and
property of the residents of Texas
reached this city Miss O'Connor thought
she would like to do something that
would aid the sufferers. She Is a talented
schoolgirl, and. after consulting her par
ents, decided to give an entertainment to
aid the afflicted people. Friends • gladly
volunteered to help her in her good work,
and a splendid programme was arranged.
On September 'JO the entertainment was
given in Native Sons' Hall,* and was a
brilliant success.
Yerba Huena Chapter. V. D.. Order of
Eastern Star, by its worthy patron. John
Tonningsen. donated J20 to the Galveston
relief fund some days ago through the
medium of The Call. The generous sum
was sent to the Red Cross Society and
was entered on the books of that organ
ization. Through an oversight credit was
not at the time given the society for its
kindly action.
Following are the additional subscrip
tions to the Texas relief fund received
by the Texas relief committee up to noon
yesterday:
Insurance Companies:
The Butler A Haldan general agency.. JJS w
Oeorge H. Tyson general agency.! 20 so
Tom C. Grant general agency 25 00
C. ChrUtensen general agency 10 00
George D. Dornln & Son general agency 17 SO
J. B. F. Davl» & Son's general agency.. 14 00
Gutte & Frank general agency moo
Catton, Bell & Co. general agency 30 00
W. O. Waytnan general agency 17 50
T. J. -Conroy general agency xi 00
Loalzu & Co. general agency ,. 5 00
Phoenix of Hartford general agency.... 15 50
Connecticut Insurance Co. general
agency 15 75
Liverpool and London and Globe gen
eral agency 3000
Palatine Insurance Co. general agency. 27 51)
Royal and Queen general agency 24 23
Home Mutual Insurance Co.'s offle*.... 3s 00
Fireman's F"und Insurance Co.'s office. 100 00
Office start of the board of Fire Un
derwriters 4100
Office ftaff of Fire Underwriters' In
spection bureau 12 00
Machinery and Iron works:
Golden State and Miners' Iron Works.. 20 00
Medical profession:
Dr. J. F. McCone 2 50
Dr. Stephen Cleary 2 w
Dr. Thomas W. Huntlngton 250
Dr. II. d'Arcy Power 5 no
Dr. O. H. Ro*enthal , 2 50
Dr. J. Rosenstern 10 00
Dr. M. Herzsteln 2 50
Corporations:
Spring Valley Water Company 100 00
Received by Mayor Phelan:
Hearst School g]g 29
Broadway School gj py
Cleveland Primary 5 qi
Dudley Stone 30 00
Cooper Primary 8500
Halght School 23 - 9
Everett School 9
Crocker School 72 90
Longfellow Grammar 3905
FKMiglass School g4 21
Hamilton School (additional) 57 53
Mount Rose Rebekah Lodge. I. O. O.
F., Rough and Ready. Cal J 50
Receipts of the California and San
Francisco Red Cross Societies,
week endlnjr September 29:
Banta Rosa Red Cross Society 86 30
Bakersfleld Red Cross Society 20 00
Lakeport and Upper Lake societies 6S 45
Redwood City Society 47 00
The Call on account of entertainment
In Native Sons' Hall, given by Miss
Mabel O'Connor 70 25
Pupils of Mlsc Hamlin's school 15 50
Friends 7 00
Johnnie Partridge's *how 1 49
Boys of fifth grade. Washington
Grammar School 125
Total new subscriptions $1.315 01
Previously reported subscriptions ;. 14.898 C2
Total subscriptions to flate $18,213 63
veston Relief Fund.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— The system of
relief distribution now in operation In
Galveston is described in the following
telegram from Clara Barton, president of
the American National Red Cross, re
ceived to-day at the rooms of the Red
Cross Texas relief fund in this city:
"Upon the repeated solicitation of the
local authorities the Galveston local re
lief committee, composed entirely of men,
and the local Red Cross emergency com
mittee, composed entirely of women, were
merged into- one committee yesterday and
immediately ordered into the Galveston.
auxiliary of the American National Red
Cross. The entire work of distribution of
clothing and other supplies was trans
ferred to the new organization, all such
work to be' immediately and henceforth
conducted under the auspices and by the
direction of the American Red Cross.
"Not the slightest interruption of the
work will take place. The ten ward dis
tributing stations established and being
used by Chairman McVittie's committee
will be continued as found necessary with
the accession of the Red Cross ladies,
one of whom has been appointed vice
chairman of each ward, with three or
more assistants to aid In the sorting and
delivery of goods at the relief stations,
with additional accessations of ladles for
each ward station to any number that
may be found necessary, who shall make
systematic examination in certain streets
assigned to them of the worthiness of all
applicants for relief. \
"The work being thus systematized can
be most thorouRhiy conducted indefinitely.
The relief by this painstaking and sys
tematic method will have to be continued
many months.
"The relief work is most completely or
ganized and l educed to a perfect system.
"The most Imperative subject now be
fore the committee and the occasion of
great Importance next to sanitary relief
in cleaning the city is the question of pro
viding suitable homes of a tempora.ry na
ture for more than SOW homeless persons.
"The committee is forming a plan now
for the purpose of meeting that necessity.
Immense quantities of lumber, nails, roof
ing and carpenters' tools and a large fund
of. money will be necessary to suitably
meet this end. In every Instance where
possible the sufferers will be expected to
furnish their own labor in the reconstruc
tion of their homes, thereby keeping
everj- one employed."
M0NEY FOR THE SUFFERERS.
Further Contributions Made to Gal-
Question of Providing Temporary
Habitations for Eight Thou
sand Homeless People Is
a Serious One.
Clara Barton Sends Inter
esting Details of the
Work There.
CARING FOR
THE SUFFERERS
AT GALVESTON
ease.
R. J. Crlmont, superintendent of the
Holy Cross Mission at Koserfsky, on the
Yukon River, in a letter to the Secretary
of the Treasury, says the plague has
ravaged a great part of the coast of Si
beria and Alaska, reaching the mission
about the middle of July. Nearly all tne
natives were seized about the same time,
making it difficult to care for the sick, as
those having mild cases had to care for
those more severely attacked. A severe
famine ensued, as the natives could not
fish or work and panic was added to the
distress caused by the disease. Over 23
per cent of the natives died.
Mr. Crlmont says too much praise can
not be bestowed upon the representatives*
of the Treasury Department, Colonel
Evans and Lieutenant Jarvls, and Cap
tain Cantwell of the revenue cutter Xunl
vak, without whose assistance misery and
death would have been much greater.
They established relief stations and dis
tributed food to the natives. Captain
Cantwell not only gave all the relief sup
plies on board his vessel, but divided his
ship's stores with the needy, giving all
that was not absolutely required for his
crew.
Mr. Crlmont says the Treasury officials
were criticized by some Americans for the
manner In which they distributed the sup
plies, but he says the criticism is ground
less, as the means taken were proper to
prevent relief falling Into hands of per
sons who did not need it.
CALL . BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. 29.—
Many natives of Alaska have died during
the past summer as the result of a dis
ease, which has prevailed among them to
an alarming extent, and which has been
locally known as "plague." The dis
ease was diagnosed by physicians to be
a species of measles, followed. In most
cases, by pneumonia, the latter disease
being fatal to many of those attacked.
Only natives were attacked by the dis-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Good Relief Work Done by Treasury
Department Men at a Mission
Where One Quarter of the
Natives Were Lost.
Measles and Pneumoiiia the
Cause of Many Deaths
in Alaska.
MANY INDIANS
PERISH FROM
THE "PLAGUE"
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Sept. »•-"«»£
tlon for a new trial in the case of James
iiowart was overruled by Judge Cantrlll
this afternoon and Howard was sen
tenced to be hanged December 7. It wab
"toward did not weaken or appear agi
tated when sentence was Pronounced but
In answer to the usual question of ine
court If he could show cause whj sen
tence Khould not be pronounced he said In
a flrm clear voice. "1 am Innocent.
He stool erect, facing the court and lts
tenin! intently to everj; word utterea by
the Judge, who was visibly affected b>
the solemnity of the occasion and spoke
in a vclce choked with emotion.
In overruling Howard s motion tor a
new trial, which occurred only a few mo
ments before sentence was pronounc<^.
the court said it did not consider any of
the matters set up In the attidavits riled
by the defense as sufficient to cause a now
The court suspended the sentence of
death for sixty days to give time for the
appeal which will be taken to the Court
of Appeals. 'm"m'\ »u^
After this Howard was remanded to the
steel cage in the jail.
The case of Henry E. \outsey, also
charged with being a principal In the Goe
bel murder, wfii be taken up at George
town on Monday. The prosecution claims
that Youtsey was in the Secretary of
State's office- with Howard when the
shooting occurred.
Sensational dispatches have appeered In
various papers this week to the effect
that Youtsey will make statements In
criminating Governor Taylor and throw-
Ing great light on the assassination mys
tery. This his attorney denies.
of Appeals.
Suspension of Sixty I>ays Is Granted
in Order That the Case May Be
Talren to the Court
Judge Cautrill Overrules
Howard's Motion for a
New Trial.
SENTENCED TO
BE HANGED FOR
GOEBEL MURDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 30. 1900.
24
The remedy also cures itching and dandruff
sure signs of approaching baldn-ss. and keeps
the scalp healthy and vigorous. It also restores
gray hair to natural 'color, and produce thi-k
and lustrous eyebrows and eyelashes By "nU
ing your name and address to the Alt-nhM™
Medical Dispensary. 1657 ButterfieM BuiMin?
Cincinnati Ohio, , "a 'TuSp to covfr
STSS- r^marrahle m rem > ;d U y. Pr^ ld * <™ ""
Mrs. Mary E. Smith. Log Angeles. Cal.. says-
"Although I am 64 years old and am employed
in a dye house, exposed to th# had effects of "the
dye on the hair, the Foso Treatment greatly im-
proved my hair and stopped all falling out "
Katherlne Main. 297 Thomas St., St. Paul
Minn., entirely recovered from baldness by the
Foso Treatment. •
Mrs. Emma Buchanan, South Hadley Falls,
Mass.: "Hair has grown out nicely: is now four
inches long and much thicker than It ever waa
before."
Mrs. Deborah Battans. Thorpe. Wls., *ay-i
when she began the treatment she was entirely
bald and her scalp shone like a mirror, and now
she haa the thickest hair she ever had. Recom-
mends the treatment as a sure cure for bald-
nets.
Miss Lucy Paschall. Watertown. Mass.. says
her hair was thin and gray, but It has been re-
stored to the natural color. Is now long and
thick, and she ls glad to recommend the Foso
Treatment to all.
The Rev. H. A. Smoot, Ewlnr. 111., saya he
was bald on the crown, but short use of the
Foso Remedies produced a healthy growth of
hair and there is now not a sign of baldness.
Mrs. W. H. Provost. Greenwich, Conn..
writes: "Remedies have stopped all itching and
accumulations of dandruff." She waa also bald,
but her hair has been now completely restored.
D. B. Chernlss, Fannersville. Texas, says th#
top of his head was entirely bald, but the Rem-
edies have grown a fine new crop of hair anj
every one In town is surprised to sea it.
J. J. Auld. Cedar Falls. Iowa, writes: "Was
very bald, but now have fine, crop of new hair
which will soon b« ready to trim. It also
cured dandruff."
caused mr hair to grow out in a short ttm« wy
that it ls now over 12 lnclvw In length, soft as
silk and wavy."
Mrs. J. C. Anderson, MIssouIa, Mont., writes:
"For years my hair had been falling out. but
since using Foso Remedies I have had a new
growth of hair that ls now to natural length."
Theresa Fennell. Moscow. Idaho, says: "My
head was bald and glossy, but «!nc« usinr tha
Foso Treatment my hair is now four lnch«s In
length and quite curly."
Those who are losinsr their hair or have part-
ed with their locks can have It restored by a
remedy that ls sent free to all. A Cincinnati
flrm has concluded that the best way to con-
vince people that hair can be crown on any
head is to let them try It. and see for them-
selves. ' All sorts of theories have been ad-
vanced to account for falling hair, but after all
It is the remedy we are after and not the the-
ory. People who need more hair, or are anxious
to save what they have or from sickness, dand-
ruff or other causes have lost their hair should
at once send their name and address to the AI-
tenhelm Medical Dispensary, 1657 Butterfleld
Bldff.. Cincinnati, Ohio, enclosing 2c stamp to
cover postage, and they will forward, prepaid,
by mail, a sufficient free trial package of their
remedy to fully prove its remarkable action In
quickly removing all trace of dandruff and scalp
diseases and forcing a new growth of hair. •
WAS DEVOID OF HAIR.
Peculiar Plight of a Salem Girl Eq-
What a Trial Package of a Remedy
Did for Her.
The portraits of Mlos Emma Emond show
what a striking difference is made In a person
when the bald head ls covered with hair. Miss
Emond was totally bald; the hair follicles not
only upon her head but upon her eyebrows be-
ing completely contracted, not the sign of a
hair being found. Of course she was the object
of many experiments, all of which failed, and
the offer of a well known Dispensary to send a
free trial of their remedy was peculiarly allur-
ing to her. She sent for the free trial, followed
all directions faithfully and soon she was re-
warded by a growth of hair which for. 'thick-
ness, quality and luxuriance was as remark-
able as the result was gratifying. Miss Emond
lives In Salem. Mass.. at 276 Washington St..
and naturally feels very much elated to recover
from total baldness. An Itching scalp to peo-
ple who are blessed, with hair Is a sign of com-
ing baldness and should'be attended to at once.'
Mrs. : Eliza Corn, Suiter. Ohio, says: "The
remedy stopped my hair from falling out, re-
moved all dandruff and stopped the Itching."
Freda C. Grandburg. Danewood, Minn., sends
her portrait and says the Foso, Treatment en-
tirely restored her hair to Its original luxuri-
ance.
Mrs. Emma Ady, Mordan, Manitoba. wrlie»:
"Was quite bald, but Foso Remedies hav«
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
E A NOTEWORTHY SALE OF 3
I TABLE LINEN NAPKINS TOWELS 1
1 BLANKETS SHEETS PILLOW CASES!
g SALE TO BECIN MONDAY, OCTOBER 1st, TO CONTINUE FOR ONE WEEK. 3
TThat unqurstlonably will prove the LINEN EVENT of the year commences here to-morrow. Xot until you _jj
**^- h«vp porsonally inspected the goods wfil you fully realize their intrinsic value and the importance of this splendid of- -«*
,7 forinp. , . "^
¦>— Knr the past few weeks our buyers have been preparing for this GREAT SALE.and the results Justify the efforts. — j*
f: frr in pathorinp merchandise for this orcapinn we h?»ve placed strontrer emphasis on the character of the j?oods than m
g- ever before, and they will be offered AT PRICES IMPOSSIBLE TO DUPLICATE elsewhere. Here are some details:
g= LINENS. NAPKINS. TOWELS. f§
S-- *•> rief^s CO-lnch nieached Table Damask. 20f. doren All I^lnen Table' N*a^kins. Flze 200 dozen All Linen Hemstitched Huck HJJ
¦fc— it pr.ol wearing <jualny. regular ACZf 22x22, In v.-ell nssortod patterns, £1.45 TowpIs. In white and colored borders, good —*m
f^~ valut 60c, ta\e prlc^. yard *TOW regular value $1 95. Sale prize, doz. vP I value at $2 dozen. Sale price. lO'r*
«~- a Diecea o;-inch ITnWrsi'rtirrt Irish Linen. 150 <!o».en All Linen Tablo Napkins, extra each l^aS* —^
jr f».-e]>tional quality, good value PZf\f* h<-avy auality. In the most desirable "la 1 ?. 200 dozen All Linen Huck Towels, size —^
¦*— at. T. r «>sa'.e price, yard WV/v r^cular valu<^ J* y>. Sale prica CI.S3 lSxCfi. a very h^avy towel, regular value ~-~
SS ri^«^ CP-lnch Sliver HWched Real Ger- dozen C» 1 $2 .'0 dozen. Sale price, each Ift'^C
gp~ man Lir.on In the choicest d^RiRn*. excel- ISC dozen All Llnon Table Napkin*. \ size. -^»
«^- lent value at SSc Sale rrlce, />Op in tht- choicest designs, fine Quality, cood ir.0 Jozen Hand Loom Irish Huck Towels. —^
s*- ysrd v^OS* value .it IT Sale prize, dozen.. CO45 size !0x3S. very heavy, worth $3 50 CO<!5 — - 1
s»»- C nirres 72-inch Bleached Lfnen. German V -^ dozen Sale prize, dozen V ¦*>
J^: trnVe. k ver\- fine Quality, in pretty pat- ion dozen All Linen Table Xapkins. size 101 dozen Hemstitched Damask Huek -^
"^- tf-r-ii*. worth $1 3 yard. Sale j>rice Q5Qf* !4x24, Oerman make, In very handsome tie- Towels, plze 20x40, an exceptionally fine ~-^«
sfc- yor'1 ¦ uOv el~ns. well worth. $3 7j. Fale <wO-A^ ciallty. in white and colored borders, -^g
«»»- * price, do7en Cj7^« recular value $5 dozen. Sale CTI-'^ -^5
A BIC SAVINC IN price, dozen OO —
g C4LIF0RNIA WOOL BLANKETS. . M 7^T nw §M CRASHES. 3
21 :w la'.rs White \v,oi Blanket? for double jHtClO AHU nLLUYl UAoLO M0 Pieces 18-lnch Bleached Satin StrlDe
befis. *-1:h choice re.1 Wup and ]inKbor- Pamask Towelinjr. regular valuo OU 3
g S5S; gSSif^i^ SS- For Less Than PrescM Mil Prices. » £i-p^^^i of. 3
!!J Dafrs extra he*ry \\hite 1\ool nian- HEMMED. HEMSTITCHED. ToweUoz, the 15c quality. Sale Q/-» ZZ
m— k^ts. extra lanpe size, Ifood \-alue CQ9j ¦- nrlre vard " £>V — «•
•»" •<? i" nj Sak irice t-lr OO **2c each 5<x?i r,'2c each l' rllp . > ara
nt |5» halt rnce . v^ 45c «ach 63x90 r,.-,c each Tlirkkh Extra heavj "« yards lonB - 24 -•
JC: lit oairs While All Wool Blankets, made noo each T-'xW «»t>c each ' I UlRIoli inches wide, worth S5c each,
gfc. rt ;?-e b<«t Australian wool, extra larK«. 57 1 ic Mch SIx90 OTo each TfJW a IS. Sale price, each Qzlr' -*"
cannot I* duplicated under *9. g«-»3 C2 12c each 90x90.. ."T2 1-2c each |u "-'»' JZ**\* ~-m
**- ?:il " Dri0 *' ?alr miinttTiWi! Uflreoillac A fine prade Engli8h Mar- -~m
~ZZ E» flotea l*rg« ¦»« R^d Comforters, covered * HiOW CASK.'-. mSlSClIiCS ,, e nies Quilts, for double bed%
r- with pretty e;llcollne anil filled with pure 200 dozen. V->xV>. Special lOc each In choice designs good value _2
s^- vfafte cotton. Durlns this sale. CT 1 -25 :« down. 5"x3«. Special. . ia J -2<- each OJilCaUOt at $ ., Sale rr | ce a. 5O — «»
«ich <?* * ?>0 dozen. ;4xM. Special 1-tc each each O" **]*
1^ MfUJOAY 4HFI TIIF^nAY yards Outin - Flannel, a heavy, fleecy quality, in the most desirable stripes f*\ r
tttVnUiil r.ItU lULbUHIi and checks, in light and medium colorings. On special sale at Yard "2^
N -w Fall Bhek S : !ks. gagriSSSi^sSiSivS SPECIAL OFFERINGS IN FALL DRESS GOODS, 2
,fc_ clnble irc«Tes: Fllk guaranteed to wear; beautiful Peau <ie Roie. „. . _ . .. „ _. , ,., .. . . _ ..- <-«
•S= Dudtewe, Poplin. Ore;«» Ut Chine, etc. On Mle at special prices fj \ZZ\ BfOarf C flill 1 I f "T fa , vored for Tallor ~2
"•— to r-or-r.w rn i T. « « w j "owns— To Introduce it more exten-
=>0o lo rnorrnw - 52-liT*'' 98C Yard -''^ »« o«er it below the regular
•^ UnnHlW anrf Tnoedaw Two Items of Silk In *reat demand Mst -,,-ii^.'«?i . ' ' \' ric *, m ?* OW , : , a a V Ie^ dld WPa £ ln »
Kcnfl'.jf ana icesaay. Jlcw t0 be 90ld for i e ; 8 than manu J fac . tfg^jz&jv? 1 *** an^ shrunk: *•»• »»uiar»y at oc c =S
turer's iTrwnt prices. * • J * tnl - oincni at. >ara iskj"**
*"" Rfl R ?Pk R'PnffQ We otter the rnost attractive line of -«•
St n!'"k Pc»tl r'fl Inches wia?. a grand wearing quality. «i rn w j U ' C H U1 ° Hlack Cropnns and Matela»ses of any —-
„_- J! in I CCU '-C ¦ UIC. o r ,. rich, fast black dye, every yard .>!i£U YTi. house In the city. Again to-morrow.
•*— w <>rth tlJS. On fsle at, yard QO/~> " an exact duplicate of those offered -^»
rrr JZv ' ac: t wefk. They are all the new effects .manufactured forthls fall.
27-'nc-h Back - b^:« - nd ~" Iustro us BIack GolqreJ Venetlaas t7: dZ^L^ t Z^ T^! Zl.t\^ 3
*. I .Hull O&b^ lOIICia. Dr «. F8 TaflT^ta that we can recommend S/.^H Slllt of a p|lk >' finish, srwnged ami shrunk In —
Jp: for *or.,j wear and that we know you ray II for *r tZf. 15 ni the most prominent shades C7-50
»^. Hsevhere, but only here Monday and Tuesday, yard 1 ut including Black: exceptional value." suit tj) t
I ulf mol .WOST EXTRAORD.NARY I R ,^™ L S> 1
£ SUITS. $12.5) EACH 0*1 UfAIQT DflPPfliy No. 4) Trffeta Rib- 3
diLiA WHIdi DH^bAINi bomscYarn. 3
»>^ Orar. Blu* and !iro«n; "Warranted all silk. 13
t^ Sy from Ktyle. cut in <£/! fiK FAOH <*A ft ** S1 * lnohes wlde . »" ZZ*1
JJH the latest fashion: the 3> t -9m%JxJ l>Mvn C> *¦* t- \J O plain or moire elegant ~^*
=f ir^itc^an.^S Regular Value S7.5O, S9.OO, $10.00 and $ « 2.OO Each. J-an'I.h.a^ 1 in^hidT*
C= V^^lk^ck'rt^he WetookoverS^Walftsin this one purchase, no two alike-ALL the & niue^and ffi 3
•»-- J " . " narir'J «h»t* PAMPLE WAISTS on hand hv the foremost New York manufacturer. They LlBht Blue and Lilac.
«r- ;? V ¦'. — ; i._«.^ ,„; ere finest Taffetas. Satin and fancy TfifTetas. in n^edlum. dark and evening B'ack Velvet — «
SZ '¦„; 4 .^un4"k'l «'*" shades, including black, sizes m, to 44. They're made after the latest Fall Ribbon-Satia Sack Z3
"— p > vXar Sl\m' faphlcns and guaranteed i-erfect flttlr.t.. The 5=llk alor.e would cost you more " ID ~ On -»«¦*»«. -j
¦TZ fl l than our Trice for these beautiful waists, which we have marked <£ A .05 £o. 2.. ....... Oc yard -•
m~- . it^.ai to gp ,j at ne lce y our cholc^ Each tJ>T" 3 lOe yard
•»- Sl2i 0 Sot " -°' - 1 So yard
1 a EXQUISITE OlSFUY. GHiLOHEN'S 50c BLACK HOSE TrImMINGS, TaGES ST i
£ FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTS. 25c PAIR. ALL-OVERS. =i
51^ SIZES 3 TO 9. Newest Ideas and creations are here for ZS%
¦— - Ycu wii'i.arrirfciate our effort* in gatn- your inspection. The exquisite taste fehown "^
***- er:i g rojfther the prandest varl-ty in this in the selection of styles is complimented -^ •
'^r- f.ty- In the aFFortment are shown the The best Hose offer this year. Closed out hy every womnn. Choice effect* In I..AC1: "*j
r» f«e:!f?l PariF n<velties !n many new idea?. by us from a retlrint; flrm at ley? than im- ROBES, LIBERTY SIIvKS and CHIFFONS' — ¦«
ST in a" 'be pretty ani t>2Ftei coIonr.KS: In port price. A very fine grade, L.isle thread. I'I,IQl'EI> ALL-OVERS. BOLEROS and "
r- s-tvlep of iKjIka-dr.tF. embroidered, ap- double knee and double Foie?. fatrt l.lack PLIQl"EI» AI.I* OVEKS, KOLEKOS and *m
•»• pllqued and handamnelr tocked wairt*. On dye, all piEex, sold before at Me C%EZr* nia nv other pretty styles at Drices most rea- -^
ha!^...^:{.t;'.». #4-*»O. §U.7."» to $S.5U each pair. On Ei-ecial ?ale at Pair *OC eonable. 12
Si SILK MOREEN country orders receive prompt attention. FRFNPH " "^
£ 4 & C \m> ~~ ; FLANNELS. 3
ABVEBTISEMENTS.
wihneToTthe
FIRST GRAND PRIZE.
LAIRD, SCHOBER & CD.
Of Philadelphia receive the first grand
prize at the great
PARIS EXPOSITION
For Supremacy in Fine Shoemakin*
[ \ ¦
i _____
As we are the largest dealers on ths
coast and for thirty year, have made a
specialty of these shoes, we JLST Rc-
CEIVED A CABLEGRAM notityuu
us of the award.
The cablegram is displayed in oar
window along with shoes made by th:j
firm.
Many ladies have paid as much for in-
ferior shoes as the best would cost, not
knowing which were the best. Now the
question has been settled by a world
contest, and LAIRD. SCHOBER &
CO. win the first grand prize.
A lady wearing a pair of these shoes
can say with pride that she is wearin?
THE FINEST SHOES IN THE
WORLD.
For. years we have told the people
that this firm made the finest ladies',
misses' and children's ihoes. therefor;
we take pride in the fact that OUR
JUDGMENT has been SUSTAINED.
Buy your shoes where you tret Rood
goods and square dealing. When jrr
say a shoe is the best IT IS THE
BEST.
ASK TO SEE THE PRIZE-
WINNERS.
SEND FOR FREE ILLUSTRATED
CATALOGUE.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
812-814 MARKET ST.,
Phelan Building-.
/T.'i^Vw Ean Francisco. Au(. 36. 1900.
Bi£Sd-3i " r:> v h°»ii It May Cnr.,-irn:
I This !» to certify that I hav»
D^ a been gufTcrtnc for several years
fL* 7 r*at from disordered stomach,
\fc»^t liver and kidneys. In addition.
J^rtJ^V I b»rrmii» almost totally blln !.
st^*a t '*f B ''s!'3W T wa ~ i:n !er the ¦~* r- * "' ¦ ¦
yj»t3>;» '". jjVv n^ 03 - '¦mir.ent oculista In tr.:s
*G*m;.te±*" city for about three years. I
was not benefited in the lt»ast by their treat-
ment. I have heen umler the treatment of Dr
¦\Yong \Too. 764-68 Clay street, for tha past six
weeks, and though I am now 74 years of apt^ Try
eight has been restored through his :reatment
of the •tomach. and I feel as well as at any
time during the rast ten yearn.
• V JOS. E. WATKIXS.
833 Third street. S. V.. CaO.
REW WESTERN MOTEL,
KEARN'T AND TVASHIN'OTON ST3.— RE-
modeled and renoratej. KIXO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. LOc to $1 50 dav ¦
J5 to JS Week; & to CO month. Free baths- hot
| and cold water every room: fire grates In every
| room; elevatnr runs all nieht.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS,
Sonoma County.
Only 4% hours from Baa Francisco and but
nine miles of *tax!ng; waters noted for medi-
cinal virtues: best natural bath la State; gnr.d
mountain scenery; food trout streams at door:
telephone, talegraph; dally mail and express.
First-Class Hotel and
Stage Service.
Moraine and afternoon stares : round ' trip
from San Francisco only J3 60. Take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. in. or J:3<> p. m. Terms. J2 a
day or JU a w««lt. References— Any ruest of
the past flva years: patronaze constantly In-
creaalng. J. f. MULGRKW. Proprietor.
fpHEUMATISM
m H ••••ct/REo.."
by the waters and the mud baths
and th» hot mineral ba:hs of
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Address A. BKTTKXS. Manager.
Byron fiot Springs, CaL
tOMBARn » CO.. n Oeary at.. City Airts.
PARAISO HOT SPRING^
The Carlsbad of America, ls bow open for th«
winter season. Address C- T. ROMIE. Paratso
Springs Cal.
HLMMATH HOT SPMNG9.
Tha healtbtssi resort tn ihe prettiest oountr Ib
E!5£ 7 ° "Sf"! 9 la •"funding mountaln»~
grotise. quail deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Prcprtetora. Eeawick. Slsklyoq County. CaL
KA wh5?' 8 n u. w ronUB «»' rtsort. Casadsro. CiJL
-Homo cooking, aacellent fljhlng and hutst-
: aSfiaZFS&Z*"- CJW1C ' u<lttor * cl * mr *i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Prevents Hair Falling Out, Removes Dandruff, Restores
Prematurey Gray Hair to Natural Color, Stops
Itching and Restores Luxuriant Growth to
Eyebrows, Eyelashes and Shining
Scalps.
Trial Package Free to Convince People It
Actually Crows Hair.
MISS EMMA EMOND
i MBDlCINn |
i MAIL . I
ORDERS I
; Mnil Orders receive prompt at- j
j tMiticn. A
Same prices by mail as over the |
I counter. ¦
Borax lOc lb 3
} F.pKim Pahe 1O C lb 1
fculphur. fl mr lOe lb H
l ' Soda Hicart.. C. I* K)o lb n
Al/-ohol Mmrntnc) 2.1«« pint 13
« i:r>Kl>h J'rw-S)>itat«*l Chaik 25o Ib Lj
' How Wat.r <1 ox. bottle) lOc n
, Alum. |H>w.'!*re4 UK; Ib M
3 Fhoophate 8o-1a JiSo )b M
<'art»r - p Peroxide £Or hot B
Quinine. P. & W Ziitf < z Efl
- QaJninc Pill*. 2-crain coo in - n
J bottle) , HO,, hot [a
: <Vui!i;rr> PjlU, 3-graln (100 in |'i
' bottie> 4Oc bot B
' rslne's Calory Compound 75<» H
• I'Snkhflm's Compound 73c H
. r«-rui:a H.ic R
: . rtf-rre'p plscnvery 75<» U
V\fiof-'f J'r'-*<"rlptinn .'75«' H
t Saun«1«T»' Face 1'owder 2r»o B
* La!>l«<~he Faf-e Powder 3«»«? B
. ''farter'n I^iver Piils 15,. E
Hood'* Parraparllla 7.\v H
ilennen's Talcum Powder l.%p m
< Cuticura Snap lflt* H
i Fear's Soar" 2 cake« for —.">«• (9
¦ Uellin'a Food 35c. f»5c Q
¦ Kg{ THE OWL I
: (M DRUG CO., 1
| §111 1128 Market St., j
; fciL^oW^ EAN FRANCISCO. H
! rtfg, Tenth anj Broadway, |
| OAKLAND. |Automobiles for the Army.
WAE H3NOTON. Sept. . 29.— Lieutenant
Ceneral Miles, commanding . the United
Ft*.T«*8 armr. in his annual report will re
new ni» recommendation for the further
tue oi the automobile in the army.
I^-tson Baljlct of this cJty, who Is car
rying on m'.ning operations in Eastern
Oregon, returned yesterday from Baker
City afoer a two weeks 1 tour of Inspec
tion of his interests In the camps and dis
tricts tributary to the metropolis of Eaat
cn» Oregon. Mr. Balllet has recently se
cured control of the Gold Ridge mine in
the Lower Burnt River district and the
White Swan mine on the Virtue lode, and
tays he has in contemplation Beveral big
enterprises allied to mining at the new
copper caaip of Burkemont, In the old
Coppor Butte mining district. The Baker
City country has been undergoing a re
vival In the past two years. Eastern
capital Is oomlng in and there is an influx
°* Colorado. Utah and Montana, miners
and prospectors.
"The Gold Hi<5ge mine." Eald Mr. Bal
liet. "in its day has produced somewhere
between J200.000 and $300,000 in gold. A.
Jew years ago the then operators allowed
the lower workings of the mine to be
come flooded. When the mine passed into
my hands I proceeded to unwater the
fha.ft, and Just before I came away Su
perintendent Nichols reported that the
lower drift in the shaft at a depth of 250
teet was nearly acctssible. and it !s
probable that within a week we will
nave the station pumps going- They will
keep the mine drained.
"The level will then be extended out to
the veins and the known ore bodies and
permit us to work on the overhand
.-topes At present there are twenty men
at work on the. property, a part or them
being engaged in mining in the workings
above the shaft, where a new vein was
opened up within the past two months
Ore is being taken out. The lower grade
Is being run through the ten-stamp mill,
w e intend after a while to sink the shaft
to a still greater depth. It is a vertical
one. g-oing down In the hanging wall 300
feet west of vein No. 2. and levels will be
run out from the shaft at every' l'» feet
v he «™' eins dip low ard the shaft. We
have M acres of ground in our group
and when it is properly opened up ex
pect to work on an extensive scale. At
present we are fairly well equipped In
surface improvements, but a dynamo will
soon be installed for the electric lighting
of the mine and mill. t»"""b
"In the Burnt River district, about six
miles east of tie Gold Ridgo mine, is the
oold Hill group, which is being extensive
ly developed by a eyndicate of Eastern
capitalists represented by Colonel Jamei
?A' Jlf n i e i They have "Penned Jl^.c-30
in drhing long- crosscut tunnels and adit
cruts and have opened up large bodies
of low grade gold bearing ore. They are
now Increasing their mill capacity for
amalgamation and will also put in a dyna
mo for .lighting and power, having water
lor the Initial power.
"Most of the attention of prospectors
and miners, however, is being given to the
country axour.d Sumpter. Granite and
l^awton, all three places having enjoye.l
something of a boom as a sequel to the
opening up of the Red Boy mine. Im
provements tre being prosecuted at an
expense of several hundred thousand dol
lars. Many obscure properties are com
ing to the front i.i the district tributary
to the three camps and now and then
a new strike is made. Sumpter has
settled down to a bustling substantial lit
tle city of r&uO Inhabitants and a new
note! is to be built at a cost of $60 WO
One of the leading eplrlta In the upbuild
ing of Sumpter is Charles S. Warren /or
many years a leading politician of Butte
Mont. Robert E. Strahorn of Chicago in
the early days an extensive operator In
Idaho, has also invested heavily in Sump
"But It is the copper belt of Eastern
Oregon that will soon be commanding at
tention. ¦
"It is an extension to the southwest of
the Seven Devils copper district of Idaho.
A new camp has been started in this belt
at a point eighteen miles northeast of
liaker City. It is called Burkemont. the
iounder being Judge Thomas Burke of
Lfes Moincs, Iowa. He is president and
manager of the North American Mining
Company, which has undertaken the de
velopment of several hundred acres of
eround in the copper belt in Oregon. They
have put up a hoisting plant and are
sinking a double compartment snaft
which is now down 125 feet. From th«>
X'-rth American Mining Company and
frum companies owning contiguous ter
ritory I and associates have secured con
cessions which will warrant the erection
of a emelter or reduction works at Burke
mont and we will also build a railroad
Irom Baker City to the Burkemont mines.
Surveys have already been made of the
line, smelter and depot sites, -and when
tlie right moment comes we will proceed
¦with the work of construction.
VBaker City enjoyed something of a
boom for about a year, but the month of
August and the first half of September
¦were very quiet In a business way. Since
the crops began to move and the miners
are coming down from the snowy camps
trade has commenced to pick up and
building operations are brisk."
While the mining Journals of the North
west are busily engaged In discussing the
proposition of another mining congress,
to be held next year at Boise city, Idaho,
there Is at least one mining- paper that
takes occasion to fling rocks at the entire
subject of International conventions of
miners. This is the American Mining
>.ews, which facetiously remarks that no
one Is helped toy getting together and
listening to "Why Women May Engage
in Mining,*' or "How to Mine Building
Blone In Wisconsin."
"Who cares." asks the Mining News.
"whether or not women engage in min
ing? Surely the mining man of the Rocky
Mountain region Is not bothering about
limestone deposits of Wisconsin." In lieu
of International conventions the Journal
named would have "Interstate conven
tions, where matters directly related to
the interest* of the various sections may
bo Intelligently discussed." It Bays:
"There can never be a general meeting
of mining men where such an array of
subjects can be treated upon that will
afford the mining man from Colorado and
his co-workers In Pennsylvania any bene
fit sufficient to warrant his spending
time and money going to a mining
congress. Their Interests are too diversi
fied and have about as much In common
as spinning of wool and raising cotton."
Thus the discussion la opened up and
ppecimens of ore, perhaps ''chunks of old
rod sandstone." such as Bret Harte talked
8 bout In his famous row among the Stan
islaus geologists, may fly before the
fracas Is over.
Th<? annual report of Harry A. Lee,
Commissioner of Mines for Colorado, has
been received, summarizing the precious
metal output of Colorado for the year
3 C 39. The total was $48.320,341 95, divided
br mineral values as follows: Oold, $26,
r^s.C5; silver, $13,771,731: lead, 56,170.765;
copper, tl 8C3.1C3. The production of Crlp-
T.le Creek amounted In value to $16,058,564
In rolfl and $43,033 Jn silver.
The new plant of the American Smelting
an<! Rr-flr.lDR Company, situated n*»ar Salt
Lek* City, which will cost $1,000,000, Is
adding a department for the treatment of
zinc ores. Thore i* muph speculation con
cerning the effect the establishment of
puch plant* will have upon the sine Indus
try- I^arivin* alone expects to recHve
$1,000,000 thl* yr-ar for zinc concentrates.
Utah has a n»»w gold field. As usual it
Is predicted that it will turn out to be the
hipr«st thin* in sight. That Is so cora
mcnly the forecast for new districts that
people generally a r<* contented to wait, a
bit and eee what the real developments
are. The new tjtah section Is In the Park
Valley dtetrid. where the Century Com
p*ny in operating.
Portland. Or., ha* recently opened a
mlnrng rxrhanfo. Th« start was made
with, six listed mines.
on Account of Alleged Inutility.
Xiargv Operations on Amer
ican Hiver.
Eastern Oregon Has Pros
pect of Developing Good
Bodies of Ore.
International Congresses Under Firo
BALLIET TELLS
OF MINING IN
WEBFOOT STATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, -SEPTEMBEK .>:?, / it~s.
i«n«r*
!'«*
25
T ? E , S~-~~~>JE?EB^3^!^ I THE EMPOBXUM. | I THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
Greatest of Veiling Sale. VUE |FilifPNfilIj|!i i^J Monday Sale Biack Silks.
A remarkable special purchase of 6.000 yards of this season's best styles, in lS-inch Wa* I? B KT Wt §3 || A rare ailk chan«, about 70D yarJ^ (all that we coa d buy of it at th* price . B!ack
and 27-inch all-silk Veilings, 14 etylos in si k Tuxedo with chenille or velvat *%&0 g WPi Swiss Taffeta; 21 inches wile, a rici, lu?trou% pure silk fabric; a goil b'ack
spots, fancy invisible meshe«, and 2,000 yards of 27-inch chenille spot Malines, Bffi W (km<!r*!&4r**>*r*'Gfcmn**j> 1£&^ Tm^^K rf * HI that will wear; a soft finbhed quality that will make good dres? skirt*, underskirts
co!orsblack, brown, beige, navy and magpie gray, actual values 25c and Q^ ~ BfcMM W& WmS% W.3* S% H« • and shirt-waists; wou'd be ari exceptionally gcod value at 73c per yarJ. ffl) A
60c per yard, on special sale {Monday only... % . &C , CALIFORNIA'S I-ARGEST~A1Y1ERICA'S GRANDEST STORE on special site Monday only &&C
The month of October, the beginning of the fourth year of- the Big Department Store V successful
career, under the present management, must be a top-notcher. We wish to surpass the sales x>f all the
previous months— we wish to demonstrate, in an unmistakable manner, the great benefit that this vast
money-saving institution is to the people ot California. To that end an abundance of merchandise, bought lor spot cash, thoroughly reliable as to
quality, and absolutely correct as to style, has been deeper price-cut .than ever f ->r the October sales, which begin to-morrow. Read our daily "ad>"
ihis week. - - - That we stand without an equal on ihe Pacific Ccast for actual, honest value-giving isforcibly demonstrated in the quotations given
below. Return our goods and get your money, if you can buy sam; qualities elsewhere at a lower price.
Mew Cloaks and Suits SOc on the $1.OO. 5^' s a*&f! fe
"CttfiStaSfiRfpSJfSii The Entir e Fall Sample Line of a Great New York- Manufacturing Firm. Here is a worthy item for nir
eo much used for waists, suits, chit- ¦ ¦ y^ Anniversary Sale, the very
dren's wear, etc., in a good variety of a^l , f*\\ A '. i .« ,-, .. J^tH\ best dress JJOods bargain of
lightand dark patterns, offend for ®SpL' ///¦( U, A 2freat DUrCliaSP tflP PntiTP r^l 9^mniP UnP B f* s^^ SS?^ th^ feisnn. 500 y^rd? of a r»^» inch
Bpedaleale to-morrow only, -, 'Mg) % U)i - \t & ' . UL T 0 r?-' ¦ , L, { 1I11C fT J\ a IN wool Carriers II Vr Che v-
p^ rJ "^ ••"-•• 7 f Wl A \\ 9t Benjamin & Caspary, the New York Suit and / \ f \wm t ! 2v5 e -iJr"«Sd !^; d a T^oJ:
MWiOituQV Sc&sQ Of / \\ \\ l^ln^L r A/l^nilf^irtl lTArc /^rv'l-r»r\r*ioir»r<- o<-wnj-ol L, n I fl \ / I *-*" ? brown rox'ure. a pretty garnet m x-
FinnWhifn Cambria /ZSx/fey \^ IUdK iV^nuTaciurers, comprising Siveial nun- I \ W a t^« B d a ehwmin^ .ha*. of b r .
w. Wr ,he e n , a t ar half n^ lfi LdH > dred garments, new Jackets, new Suits new UUl3SmR I&Z&^&ZiZ'iJ^
price 2,000 yards mce quality white I HM] 1^» r> Cl'i. \\7 1 I UILO » .! S^Sj^^/'^^Hl \ suits, a-d. bought in the regular wav,
SsS^Si^Sr^^di MT L Lap . es^ new Sklrts - We bought them .all at^^/wl
Firabie goods for akirt*. underwear. Jw \l 5Oc on theDol'ar, just one-half. Beginning Monday, we will sell them all this KJr / A on1j G9c
.TMo^d.7SiT!^r^d™..ffc I week, the same way. Remember these are all new (this season's) garments, all jf° f (f ($145 for mi suit patterns.)
Sain of New stvit* / 1\ sizes, at on the $i.od. which me>n? — I I V Basket &a/e
Fanoy Pin Cushions. J4*k*\\ f l0^ ackels » Cepesand Skirts for $5.00 $25 Jackets, Capes and Suits for $12.50 J° f kf One-Quarter Off on
These are this Fea=oo' d /// \ \V\ $15 Jackets, Capes and Skirts for $7.50 $30 Tailor Cresses for $55.00 &fe=illl|fc/ Monday.
Smid 9 pincushion? 3$^ /// \ ¥^ $20 Jacke ts, Capes and Suits for $10.00 $40 Tailor Dress for $20.00 a r W , e w :!1 c O8e out on
S7lre pm 24 C d U otn° n in <M\ Ml alterations extra— Ml attentions extra - •*> ?Sr at o ff on th; #1%
the lot that we secured jp^ ;i ' — ; ~ — — ! ! . regular prices {MTOlB?
at a little unier the « v Special Sale Montfay &32.&Q &$& fF^iH &&Bnt«Z Monday Sales of ma ny odiiots o f ha.,-
V^-, Genuine French Dolls. npn^ m +**j *8WBW %pBx& r*aM§ %9USmS n#«#*««^ ««^ * - t-~*. ket9: * ome are sl « htT y Vav^FJ
Tomorrow on 7. we of- -^ IMSBB #9/Q £* k^« o^ _« NOUOns ana Linings. foi'ed; of others there p5?£-M7
J^^S^Cr^Vi 'er a reduction /£?% WWBBS U93 %J0M&ft2&M >^ /"m Brush-Edce Skirt Bindinc-With f" too mauj of the 'i.\j^'^£J-
s^mm^^ SL'Lir.'tt! & Out at $3.95. M%£ -= """^^^
regular price; they are in a variety of J! 1 ",* Bete BuZJl #liE#' At the ver y beginning of the season we find /KXfeMW^ VaIU?S 83 = nd lf>C Tard; M pr °-' 9 «« S!J? Ba£ WF^^W
.hapes and colors all of them very ffJJ^J fl^S our Fall and Winter stock of Men', Cloth- /} KWrr A ° ffered '" M ° Ddiy ° nly ' yard - 5C JW In^ 3
KSiV??oSS Dri2 weight, full jomtedfhaveMjV/'n "g badly broken, didn't buy enough. . Oar / f /// / \ Dress Sh!clds-161 palm only; si'k- PUSft^SKSi
J y M Bleeping eyes and showing .]» I • •)/ buyer is now East replenishing the stock and before • •/ I r \ ccv>reJ «lre.^s shied', some in Jipan- Handkerchief Baskets-Eta. Etc.
Hurd's Writing Paper. * eeth - E . hoes and t 8to . ck -Wr?L'i*-'4l the arrival of our second Fall" and Winter consign- J /jJX,. ?»J eae, othora brosuled; « ? 83j 2 and 3; » «««.««*#«, J?O*»
5TO*» Bntct»*£ fnt* 99a* ings and pretty chemise. 7/ JlT.^, 7\ ment, thes« broken lines must go. Hundreds of 1 • 1'T^ '/ regular y 2oc and 3.c D air, «.•_ £»©» %>fSreatlS, S9Cm
n tX o! *- k a 2v-inch. $2.00 DjIIp, /U^VftTjlA fing!e and double breisted sack coat suits, plain and Mh&/ * H/ sale price Minday a**G An nnasnally K ooi quality of fu*l aiz-d
?I?. wJ. innf? k Fy Th /. m J Uonday SI 'BO Vy^WjD fancy mixed chtviota and cassimere?, in new up-to- HL_JjI V ?- Black Brocaded Skirt Lininc- white honey-omb bed spreads, stylish-
parchment an| kid fini-h; each box 'iUM^lSL'Z day 53.3S J . ' — ! -^— ° D " Ie Monda y.° nly ' peryard " ' ' C UxdsrmusUn and
To^ D^^nt-secon d ## a ##- Brushes, lOc Lace Curtains Children's Department
Ly ¦¦ MG irPW^lP^ ro- d ck,.M=^^^ O t/ 8 c f^ m 1r 9 t w!n^;^o^S: ant/Mfsses'SW S.ftgN.S
5OC Pocket Books, 38C Emporium brand, Monday-lb. „ mixed . pate in this big offer, for we ccu'd Ladies' Vipi Kid Chth Top popular shades... T^g "
Ladies' Combination Pru'nes— Fan7v'n e '»' rron'7rnm R 1 to bristie'stock, a very good brb-h th it will only secure 103 p«in at Ihe price 3 Lace Shoes— opera toe $5.00 •
Cird Case and Pocket 7" to a 'b nZ 'h «° wear well - special for Monday „ n Go ° d Lace Curtain?, ve y large SA kid tips, ail szes and Chiltren'a Tan Cot- &&5?*&% r 3t
V-^Wt- B <>ok, a well made, Siionr~Pi«^M«nuV^"uT«^w"— - onl y-'- *«#i? vards . 53 inches; grand curtains for W/jv3t\ -vidths. worth $2.S0; spe- ert A^tom b*e / fc^^
l^BB all-leather purse Sugar-Pine grann'»ted.MondiT» larg^ bay window?, won h $2.00 a pair, K|S| cial Afoniar i«i Coat,; « SM up to A fe^^^A
Sg^ ¦ X%"if2?« C^ r "^q/S /ITanilaySatesihCroc/^ • K^ieiJ^^ S1.2S wS^i Tu ." dav $1.69 U% %:sb^^U
MM KBisynfciB c^e^ir^rjaS^ t o epa wm^. j il^ L2di -l£? j r a "Svwywlu
*^^>- / frame com pocket, tha vary bejt Mm^ay Large siza imitation ®\T/Y\5& KidOxford3- Skirts for I itants jJ r , fl fxM»
plenty of room for 3i'i'bam""s't'mO6 cut glv« Mastard - Special Sale of. . ' ' '"^V ¦ EO^d-Iook- ... ....; .-500 n Kr V^T
carda a good value 50c purse o-j String Bcans-Victorv Brand? extra Pot - with cover -^fev Ronpr*S Bm<i ' Ladles. \^% . IBR "^ f- yIe Eiderdown S-.fqn 93 ,.' lJ-'
£^8£^S&?£% ~rv-" ;^^^ £^ R .^"t ifes&lil^^
Under the manufactu- Rice-Choice Japan L"iv -worth fay loc plated Ladles. They Tg| r<C^^>^W , ™ ed , wlth Iace an(1 lasertion... $1.25
rers own name plate ' 6 lbs. 25o ® acll ~ on EaIe ilon - — «^ are trip!e-p!ated on Y» 1 Ladie3 exquisite Lice-trimmel Gown;
these Sewing Ma- Vwl \ Port Sherry'^The good wine that *7C nickel, and have far.cz fl ' Vi$ 1* • thia season's style; fiiished «'n bet
chines would have I X \A ° \\ wa sell re^ulanv 75c m>r o-alinn nn !^t»3*I r^ 7 " »r t> handles; to be closed » V tlT \ Mondav and *%c manner possible $4. SO
to be sold for three Jl H^l MonTy g M >#^^. db- China Tea Pot out to-morrow at th^se / fc£ V Tuesday $1.2S Lad.es' fine Huilin Gown*; yoke «.f fine
times Monday's spe- JfeHKw\ 1 " \ Naclee Brand v- The' eennVne wit, Sr^ N W -\ S extraordinary prices: I y^; >, \ Misses' fine Don- tacks, embnidery insert on and h?m-
cial price. ___IjQiM tl abe! 26 ?ear? old mSSIy %Ittfe tl/£-*& \ edgedwithas- 90c Crarm LidUs. 'on i gohK.d. Cloth .titcUng S1.OO
They are TsT Monday tottle ff/iS^^&jVyi ported colored , Monday 39c /( SlV^\ To P But - L * die3 ' fini C mbr:e Drawers, with
the well- |3!S«==IS5sn7 ; H£^taK ! Boii?teir^io M^n?i? IV^S&SS^l f g ur ?t C( H?* 2 - 25 °J ?ater LadlP9 « on;) 1 Jn. \ ton shoes ' °p* c ' u ' ter tack ' and IaC9 e<J s :n s 75o
aai:? tw^ «-- imm^§SM
made for O^^WJ i3UG , selling.... I tfC ( Silverware-Rotunda. day aud Tue-Jav JJC —
«o' re b a.5 #lg32%r Anniversary Sale of second opening of songs for i s is? ' s
%r^V&£SZ t 2£S2i Furniture, Carpets, Rugs. T alB **"£ Winter Millinery.
bail bearirgj at the drive wheel, which. . r - Sf^-. To-Morrow, Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. i?A^^S?o^eumThhiS
make them run so easily a? to require Prices that must appeal 10 thrifty folks who contemplate furnishing. Trimmed HatS and ToqUSS. \ "In His Step 9 "-a fine sacreiTIong (in
operaton^M^hbe hw.S'^de 0 ' hijh T/ '^ are °f W%& well-made Furniture and ' Carpeting French Models, Copies and Adaptations. .. Sadle key,^ y m^
armed, hijrh grade, make3 d'onb 0 from best matiufoctwers Otty. tAll goods packed and stiibfied me Of ifffth, ttfm^i attractive collection of _ th3 new And by special arrajgem.nt ar d enabled
thread Jock etitefa. is adapted to all cost or held for luture deliverv if dttirrd '• vK^MMMP styles fwantnmn snd winter. A ,^^&v to off.-r them, all th s week, at the very
ealnres of work and our 5-year guar- ' J ' JUTUre delivery If desired. '"gexiumber of de3 ; g i 9 , embodying _^.% s P ecii: P" ice P-' r C0 W /Sc
antee goes with each machine— the Three - Piece Parlor Suits, in the choice desien illustrated rnvored (&^W&k£$k the -atest features have been We a..o eff rMord^y, and until closing
Pttraordinarv snp aesign iuuair.ated, covered (JW//lafSagKSr esrecnlly prepared in the co-rect tim.> n^x 1 : Saturdnv nitrht. the followi-c
cf.r?Sfi?Mon 4ft#^ QtZ r—^^^^. with good quality dama8k and actual'y l fPgBH®^ co'ors a/d materials ,nd will be of- ,^^^^ popular », Me at »iflU*l
davonlv ' fOrM ° n WOfOO lFS?>»rr?^T tTV nf*N « 9 0 'n h n a .°. ur u f u *l low scilo of Pn^ W^^^S) fe:ed at reasonsb e priceg. /^^f^^T "My Girl From Dlije*
d * yOny Jlvi^J 1 ! Ml Wm $2 °- 00:thl38a!e $17.75 trimmed waking hats, nn- l(^^^^^ » '. the Man^Behln^the Gun Taat
Monday Sale Of ffr^===S=^1? 13^J K#^lh> Bird's-Fve Minia n rP «er a °^^S^ trimmed felt and ve vet hats in all "^^^^ 'Td Like to Hear That Sons Again"
tlr**m*** — n'rt Dt0+4mmm**%** l^'*'^^ I r^^ IU?3CT»lL if • i y i*iapie Uresser, a 1M ?•? *^ KJ mw shapes. *V* *^ /«? "My Genuine Georgia Girl"
untramea Pictures. g^, In^^^ prettily ~. & - Fne FeIt d Golf Hata si.25 ''m ~ » -i Need the Money
A large assortment of Uoframed Pic. Y JP^M de » l .8 ned ' x^^fc^ N |lk J?/, Fine Tailor-made Hats as'low as ' "^"cerlatal^Uvtal a^AiSe^fir^'
tnres stone etehings, pho ogravnrea, O-. rjj |1Jl// wel1 ; . fl^^^\ l^=t^% - «T?e £^"of ub^Sir "^
etc., in plain and water colors, mea^- B^nU-^UjU (U constructed 7 1|^W S^^L^ Trimmed Hats as 'ow as 56.5O y .."The Terrible Texas Storm"
nnnjf from 2«23 inchni to 28x40 piece o f 1| » #|| J K Exquisite Imported Mcdel Hats as low Very elegant Imported M d 1 Hats no ° m »X VS C"^^
B £3 SIT!." k^^epa^ h. twolareeandtwo small drawers and Prencn^S K^jV «" '¦ •'*-** <0 ' *»«* " H — BJE^^ ™™"
SgfJTj,!^!..!^: ggc C^^^ s^ 3DSe S ; 75\^^^^ Extraordinary Offering of --^^^^t^
A»-,t},«.r i a ro-« o >,5nm ttn f «f ti,« T.™ l ! H 5 prettily carved bed and dresser • %i^ >- 3,000 yard? of Point de Pans, Valenciennes, Cre3rn Oriental and "Cyrano tvaitze*-
Anitner large snipment ol tne iamons yi ya i3 jo s .ji. i • • tJ . **== — -" „ . ' „ . T • .,, , _ . .. , ' . , . • — .
Huinnt Perfumes, the l-o*. 50c si M , g ! ig I with'arge twinging French / -j Point Venice. Laces will be offered Monday only at less than Famous Bazaar
will b« placed on sale for o « 8 i |8 J c b^ d . m 7 ror : re « n ar P rice \ H^W H ""^ one-half their real values. An overstocked manufacturer was. tvIxTo^J f n ? • ? * «
Monday only-^er bottle 5^C . f 8 f F fl thfaS'e $24. 75 )L *~~ glad to accept our low offer for this lot. The styles are good, and M «»a of all tourists to &n
w<S n ;. C of e °t lce Gir h d e i?a 0W 'KJo d^n« Extension'Tables of fine golden oak. high pol Isb they come in. a great variety of widths and patterns. Not a piece IL ?™ed OriSntai R,«Ir •
r p P o^n P1^o,et 3SH?S Ro.e ronnd legs, extends 6 feet when open; „ y g, . ¦ worth less than 20c per yard, many as high as30c. Mon- «> fa hS city the bi- Chined
Lily of Valley Heliotropa Jockey Club special price for this Bale 9Oi/0 f S~ZT day Sale price .. . M Mm*M .m» tii,/ me Dig Uinese
Peau rE«pagn«. Bed OutHfs, $9.75 i heavy steel enameled bed, braai JT^ r *^~~~t ' ' and Japanese Department
fJrktnhftx #9«»«ft£r*» ' knob-, has steel wire spring, top mattress and two (o /O A ran !**£»— «t s» w mr <?-»##» *»r" ¦ in this store is easily the
NOt ante BOOKS* feather pillows, full sire; this T week com- _- f V- i-.--S^ MMUVerSary 93UB OF . finest The Rirp Trm-iJT
• Recent pnblications that are in laree n'ete for $9.75 I 7~^-A O M f.' A Aif A ITm+~%*~»**ff***B ********* nnest. me Kire Ivories,
demand. Note the difference between This Enameled Bed, even handsomer than the picture, 1^44^^- - nGiiaBSBB 1Li1i*&tiViQ$&lS VWarBm C U T 1 0 U 3 BriC-a-Brac,
K$? h »t B P i C JrllSe» n^«M u tr • substantially made and well flnuhed, full nza oa'y, IL/ T T I y\ We select a few of the'articles most used in the kitchen from the large assort- I *?m^ —i~^^
"Knlgh'.softhc Cross"— by Sienkie- A match' ess opportunity for hotel keepers and housa owners. During our Anniver- /%^0?fJ-- : //'/rfvN <^ va:; -ji.^. iff A^v-'fH J^ j yfr?^?
¦wicz. superior to "Quo Vadis " in eary Si e y in can »ava one-quarter on the price of yon- floor covering. y >^a£ll^-^^eg^/ ¦jl. '-yji^ Tt .*^!' J ? < 87 <^1£2|E^) (ii^|'-''- : i- T^ *^L-^\I
Btrength and rea i3m; publishei'n prio. $1.00 f ° r th " lf3S grade of extra fine Axminster Carpets; borders to ¦ %^."=^P^-.v"^ff f ! |\^i. ;^ Tl^-??^^ 1 '/, ':'¦!'," '!¦ Cr"^// /f/»|Pft
"Sons of the Morning"— by Eien /?/!« for the 7nc pradc of all-wool heavy extra super-quiHty Ingriin Carpets; , rt . __ _ ik^ rWf*
Pbi.ipotts, a new Dirtmoor story, •»«'•» dainty effocto. ;V; : . \ 17 - quart, 75c 1-pint, 3Dc 10-in.3_.c per- 2-quart. 2-quart, 33c K(/ t\Jf^-*g^J!&n
a worthy successor .to "Children of «/O« for $1.75 grade Wilton Velvet/ Carpet, extra high pile, the Dishpans; Monday Coffee Flask*; ?v, H n * I „ Teapots; Mon- J^ C\.
the Mist;" publisher's price $l.&0. <*»'**** neW est designs in co'orin S s; just from the mills; nothing better made 59c Mondav 22c ' -iC Pans; Mon- 2Qc J§1$\
o1]r g $1m2O for durability. /••• ¦*- J c aay..4...ii»c J .^aumiSj ZjS^SfC
"Boy"— by M^rle Corelli, the story of C# £& for XX plain Cork Carpet, 2 yards wide, suitable for offices, vfO»*v /£$£*s. ¦ '*^^^^^ •
a younc life which ended in the Trans- v«« ** stairs or ha Is; $1.25 is the special price per square yard. '^""'ji/^N t^^^_ JBL_ ***^ 90 '.
paal War; publisher's price, $1.50, 75c for $1.GO Quality Tapostry. These are the best ten-wra Tapas- ¦JiT^'-f^ 8^ S if*e~ " x^a Carved ht> ,..e Emb-oidered Silksu
ourB -"-. •••• v; ...... W.f 7 tries-man almost endless variety of patterns; clean, new goo is; either with or J\jfWi ?^C, , <^^C!^^^^^^^7^=^ iK&^^H Beautiful C'oi-onne and Curios from all
"The Reign of I^vv"-by J.mes w.thout borders H; . : Wl^ %/ff*^ 5^ t«^f«^»,,j^^^^ parts of the Orient, are well worth a'
Lane A>n. a book that will appeal to 60o for 75c Quality Tapestny. An excellent grade; handsome parlor . -.i^-lj ' Nfc?^jy yfe^ -^M^^QAlw^F^ visit of Inspection. Goods are marked
those who love a lover, those who love «ffects; rew Fi 1 desiens. . . - trvr.sr^. .' **—_;£«-*' v;3 * i& * s ' . p ] a^ n Q -^res, at prices" surprfainzlv
nature, and those interested in the Smyrna Rugs— All wool and a good quality, in the many popular Oriental de " 85c T*a Kettle 8-quar^ 40c 2 quart 35c 3-quart. 9 *c Wiole, 4?c low to peop'e who have seen simi ar
great drama of religions evo'utlon; eign s and coloring*; the 30x60 inch size; worth $3.00 each; specially tf A mg% for No. 7 stove;. Rinsing Pann; Sauce Pans; Rice Boll«»r«; McfSi P^ns- articles in Chinatown at Cainatown
publisher's price $1.50, oiti....$1.15 priced for this sale .................: m&IS.lU Monday 59c Monday.'..25c Monday...25c Monday....66c Monday....27c prices.THE FAMOUS SCENE IN THE X.AST ACT OP STEPHEN PHILLIPS' ROMANTIC TRAGEDY OF "PAOLO AND
FRANCESCA," WHICH SEEMS DESTINED TO SUCCEED BOKER'S PLAT IN THE ESTIMATION OF PLAT
GOERS.
Superintendent of Schools Webster is emphati
cally of the opinion that the Board of Education is
grossly self-contradictory in it's official actions. Th*
Superintendent should remember; that the board has
made inconsistency the badge of its officer
The Board of Education admits that political in
fluence and personal prejudice have governed the
promotion of teachers in the department. This ap
pears to be the first just criticism of itself the board
has given since it assumed office. ,
The- United States won more prizes at the Paris
Exposition than any other nation. This is no parti
cular assurance, however, that our French friends will
insist upon buying any more of our goods than for
merly. .
It would be interesting to know what an Alameda
Coroner's jury would consider death by violence.
Several intellectual members of a recent jury wanted
to decide that a man who was killed by a bullet in the
back died from natural causes.
""Why, after he started Into the woods
he found out that his guide's life Is in
sured in the very company of which Biff
kins is president, and he didn't dare to
shoot at a thing after that for fear it
might be the guide."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer. • .
"What was the trouble V
"BIffkins didn't enjoy his hunting trip
up In Maine a little bit."
SPOILED HIS SPORT.
The claims of the inventor have very naturally been
received with a good deal of skepticism. It has been
intimated that the exhibitions were more in the way
of a clever trick than a real invention. To meet these
objections Rosenberg arranged for a test by the news
papers of London. The Chronicle in describing the
test says: "The members of the press yesterday sub
mitted Mr. Rosenberg's system to a practical experi
ment. The transmitting instrument was placed in the
pressroom," and the journalists took the 'receiver 1 with
them to another room, forty yards or so away. The
door was closed, and four stout journalists stood right
in the track that the electric current on its brief jour
ney from transmitter to receiver would have to fol
low. So far as the lay mind could judge the experi
ment was a success. The current went right through
a glass door panel and the four journalists and set up
a cheerful tintinnabulation in the receiver. To say
nothing of the ponderous physical obstruction it met
with, the current had to go round two corners before
reaching the 'receiver.'" V
It will be noted that neitl/er the Telegraph nor the
Chronicle gives an unqualified report of the success
of the system; : The Telegraph contents itself with re
peating what Herr- Rosenberg claims, while the
Chronicle goes no further .than to say the experiment
made before the journalists appeared successful to
"the lay mind." Both of them, however, assert that
what, has been done by. the system constitutes a new
wonder in wireless telegraphy, and that the future of
the invention must be awaited with great interest by
the entire civilized world.
The chief navelty in the Rosenberg system is the
"receiver," an instrument so small that it can be car
ried in the hand. The receiver responds to the Hert
zian waves set in motion by the transmitter from any
point within a reasonable distance and records what
ever message has been sent out. Commencing upon
the new marvel the London Telegraph say&: "Mr.
Rosenberg's claim is that he has provided a practical
system which is clear of Marconi's patents, and which
can be much cheaper. With only the apparatus used
on Tuesday, and with no vertical, he maintains that
he can telegraph two miles; with poles he can send
messages forty miles, and is engaged on an automatic
repeating device which shall enable them to be sent on
indefinitely. But in the course of conversation he
mentioned an interesting fact. When he leaves his
office to lunch in a restaurant a couple of hundred
yards off he takes with him the little box containing
the receiving apparatus. This he sets on the table
beside him, and if the bell rings he knows that he is
wanted at the office, even though his clerks might not
be aware where he was, and he can receive a message
from them."
I"""^ RITISH newspapers are giving a good deal of
K\ attention to certain exhibitions of wireless
' — telegraphy at the Crystal Palace by what is
known as the "Rosenberg" system, and, according to
the reports, the feats accomplished far surpass any
yet attained by Marconi. The Rosenberg system does
not cover anything like the distance that has been
overcome by Marconi, but it has an immense advan
tage within short distances, inasmuch as it promises
to be of practical utility in all lines of business.
A WIRELESS WONDER.
Special" Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 513 Mont
gomery st. telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits 50c a
pound In fire-etched boxes or Jap. baskets.
639 Market, Palace Hotel. •
gently done and to repudiate a power which boasts
of its purpose to punish, then they should cast their
ballots for C. M. Belshaw. In their decision rests the
indorsement or the destruction of a principle of most
serious moment in public affairs.
"A few weeks ago the editor felt reasonably certain
cf one thing — that no possible consideration would
ever induce him to be again a candidate for office.
Some very strange things occur in this uncertain
v.orld, however, and with much hesitation, and prob
ably 2gainst my personal interests, I have yielded to
what seemed the general desire of my party and
accepted the nomination for Senator for the Eleventh
District"
That there may be not even the shadow of doubt
on the issue it should be known that James H. Wil
kins did not change his determination not to be a
candidate until Jere Burke, an accredited representa
tive of the Southern Pacific Company, whose office
adjoins that of H. E. Huntington, had seen Mr. Wil
kins and assured him of the support of the railroad.
Well-meaning voters cannot hesitate, therefore, as to
the line of their evident duty. Mr. Wilkins cannot
deny what this paper asserts.
If voters of the Eleventh Senatorial District wish
to uphold the evil power of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and help 'it to punish a public officer who has
performed his duty* in the face of railroad threats
promises and bribes, they should vote for James H.
Wilkins. If voters wish to vindicate and reward a
public man for service conscientiously and intelli-
M. Belshaw.
In his own newspaper Mr. Wilkins says of himself:
ON November 6 there will be decided in this
State at least one Senatorial contest in which
the principles at stake are defined with abso
lute clearness and in which the issues involved are
known beyond question by every voter who will take
part in the decision. No man who casts his ballot in
this contest can be in ignorance of the effect of what
he does, and his vote •will mean much for good or bad
government in California. The contest is between
C. M. Belshaw (Republican) and James H. Wilkins
i Democrat) for the State Senatorship from the
Eleventh District, which comprises the counties of
Contra Costa and Marin.
C. M. Belshaw is a public man upon whose charac
ter there is not a stain and against whose reputation
there is rot the suspicion of wrongdoing. As a mem
ber of the Legislature he has been honest, intelligent,
fearless in his assertion of what he believed to be
right, and uncompromising in his performance of
public duty. In every crisis of legislation he has been
foremost in the defense of the best interests of his
State and of the honor of his party.
For this he is to be punished by the only enemy
he ever made in public life — the- Southern Pacific
Company. Because' he refused to prostitute the
power which his constituents placed in his hands, be
cause he refused to submit himself to the base uses of
the railroad and assist in the election to the United
States Senate of a man who would have disgraced
California and dishonored the Republican party, Mr.
Belshaw has won the hatred of the Southern Pacific
Company and arrayed it against himself in this con
test. This is the issue of which every intelligent voter
in the Eleventh Senatorial District cannot be ig
norant.
The opponent of Mr. Belshaw is James H. Wilkins.
a man whose record in public life has been so far
above reproach as to cause his friends — and he has
many — the deepest regret and chagrin that he should
now lend himself to the designs of a corporation
whose name is a synonym for all that is evil in gov
ernment and dishonorable in public men. When the
Southern Pacific Company found that its bitter effort
to defeat Belshaw out of the nomination had failed
railroad agents were instructed to go into the Demo
cratic party and nominate a man whose standing,
pood name and popularity would offer obstacles to the
election of Belshaw.
To the dismay of his friends, who regret that he
should hazard a reputation well won for a temporary
honor, James H. Wilkins has accepted the Southern
Pacific nomination and has become the instrument
with which the railroad hopes to punish an honor
able public officer. In his editorial acceptance of the
nomination James H. Wilkins admits that there are
in circulation obscure hints that he has contracted
cbligations which may influence his legislative acts.
What he is pleased to term obscure hints are no
longer such. The Call states as a fact to-day that
James H. Wilkins is the nominee of the Southern
Pacific Company for Senator from the Eleventh Dis
trict and that the railroad has made him such simply
tc use him as an instrument with which to punish C.
THE RAILROAD LIFTS ITS MflSK.
FRANCESCA.
Sweet are your, words, but dark.
Is beauty to be dreaded, then, and shun
ned?
PAOLO.
How shall I tell you and sow In you
thoughts
Which are not there as yet?
(He moves to go.)
.FRANCESCA..; "*.?,¦
And you -will go?
Will you not say farewell? Will you not
kiss .
My hand at least? Why do you tremble
then?
Is even the touch of me so full of peril?
PAOLO.
O! of Immortal peril!
FRANCESCA.
But how strange!
You dread this little hand? O. wonderful!
Your face. Is white, and yet you have
killed men!
PAOLO.
Francesca!
FRANCESCA.
Do you fear to look In my eyes?
You, so ensteeled and clanging: In your
stride?
And you could crush my life out with you r
hand.
O, this new pejil that I have about me!
PAOLO.
Child 1
FRANCESCA.
And this woe that comes from me to men!
And I can stay your going, can I not?
Look up! and with a smile I'll bind you
fast.
PAOLO.
Sister, I suffer! now, at last, farewell!
(Exit Paolo, tearing himself away.)
Racked between love and honor, Paolo
determines to end his suffering by death.
He purchases poison and then, considering
himself- as good as dead, decides that he
must have .one more look at Francesca.
That look, of course, brings about a long
Interview and the fatal denouement In
Boker this final scene Is bloody, crude
and terrible. Lanciotto stabs Francesca
who drags herself around the stage for
some time before she dies; he then stabs
Paolo • (who in turn has a long-drawn
death agony), . and , falls, with turgid rhe
toric, upon "ihis brother's body. Such
traumaturgy is copied from the Ellza-
Francesca, think not I can lightly leave
you
And go but from your face into the dark.
Ah!- can you think it is not sweet to
breathe
That delicate air and flowery sigh of you.
The I stealing May and mystery of your
spirit?
Am I not flesh and blood? Am I not
young?
Is it easy, then, for youth to run from
youth?
And yet from you I run. Or are we swift
To fly delight? And yet from you I fly.
What shall I say?
FRANCESCA.
But O, I have a fluttering up toward joy.
Lightness and laughter, and a need of
singing.
You are more near my age— you under
stand.
Where are you vulnerable. Paolo?
You arc so cased in steel— is't here? or
here?
Lay that sad armor by— that steel cuirass.
See, then! I will unloose it with my
hands.
I cannot loose It— there's some trick es
capes me.
PAOLO.
Paolo's attempt to fly from the tempta
tion of Francesca's presence Is nearly
thwarted by the very innocence and open
ness of her appeal to him to stay. That
13 good art— tragic Irony at Its best, as
witness the following scene:
Tnose two! ' He shairbe
Not far to seek, yet perilous to find.
Unwillingly he comes a-wooing: she
Unwillingly Is wooed: yet shall they woo.
His kiss was on her lips ere she was
born.
GIOVANNI.
Are they those two that In the roses
kissed?
ANGELA.
His face was dim; a twilight struggles
back.
I see two lying dead upon a bier —
Slain suddenly and In each other's arms-
His face? That I may know him when
we meet.
ANGELA.
He reads out of a Tx>ok.
There comes a murmuring as of far-off
things.
Nearer he drew and kissed her on the
lips.
GIOVANNI.
His face, mother, his face?
ANGELA.
"Tls dark again.
GIOVANNI.
GIOVANNI.
What doth be there?
ANGELA.
She?
ANGELA.
who Is he that steals upon your bride?
GIOVANNI. /
Angela!
ANGELA.
And no sound In all the world!
GIOVANNI.
bo fixed?
ANGELA.
A place of leaves: and. ah! how still it is!
She sits alone amid great roses.
Many beauties (and a few defects) of
construction and characterization have
been passed over In this necessarily brief
notice. Enough, perhaps, has been raid
to convince the reader that Mr. Phllllp3
Is a true poet and that he has contributed
a play of real and permanent value to the
scanty (English) dramatic literature of
our century.
She takes away my strength.
I did not know the dead could have such
hair.
Hide them. They look like children fast
asleep.
GIOVANNI.
LUCREZIA.
What alls you now?
GIOVANNI.
Not easily have we three come to this—
We three who now are dead. Unwillingly
They loved, unwillingly I slew them. Now
I kiss them on the forehead, quietly.
(He benda over the bodies and kisses
them on the forehead. He i3 shaken.)
bethans and should be Intolerable to-day.
Mr. Phillips manages his final curtain far
more artistically. Paolo and Francesca ro
off the stage: from what Giovanni says
at his next entrance you gather that he
has murdered them. "Enter servant?,
bearing in Paolo and Francesca dead upon
a litter."
Kiss him good night, or sing him to sleep,
And there an end. •
PAOLO.
Sister, I would that I—
At once beautiful and tragic is the scene
where Giovanni receives Intimations of
the danger Fate Is storing up for him.
With true dramatic propriety the warn
ings are put Into the mouth of Angela, an
aged, blind servant of the house of Mala
testa.
I . ANGELA.
"What Is the strange^ soft thine which
you have brought
Into our life? ,
GIOVANNI.
Francesca do you mean?
Why do you clutch my arm? What is' t
you see?
ANGELA.
A kind of twilight struggles through my
dark.
Be near me! Soon It seems that I' shall
know.
GIOVANNI.
JjJpon what scene' are those blind -eyes
PAOLO. .
Francesca!
FRANCESCA.
I am stll' a. child
I feel that to my husband I could go,
ABOUT once In each century .the
great stories of the world need to be
told over again In terms that appeal
to the men of the century, and hap
py Is the age that can find the poet fit for
Its need. Such a poet was Chapman when
he retold the story of Achilles to the men
of the seventeenth century; such a poet
was Pope when he retold the same story
to the men of the eighteenth; such a poet
Is Stephen Phillips, who. after Leigh
Hunt and Boker had failed, has told for
us English speaking peoples, in moving
verse, the love story of the thirteenth
century Immortalized by Dante— the, story
of Paolo and Franceses.
That Mr. Phillips' version should have
taken the form of a play and that this
play should have found thousands of
readers is an encouraging sign, moreover,
to those who have not quite given up hope
of seeing restored to the. English drama
that literary quality which the French
and the German drama have never lost.
Mr. Phillips' tragedy Is soon to be pro
duced in London. The sale of the book
version leads one to hope! extravagantly
perhaps, that as much ai*one per cent of
the population of that great city will care
enough about dramatic poetry to go and
see the play. Should this hope be realized
the play will run for eight weeks; that
means profit enough to induce the syndi
cate to bring it out in New York, and In
the fullness (or leanness)' of time in San
Francisco. That's a roundabout and pro
vincial way for us to get a good thing,
but it's the only way open to us until we
secure a first-class stock company under
a manager as Intelligent as Henry Miller.
Then, a play brought out in London, New
York or Paris one month could be given in
San Francisco the next.
? * •
In Boker's clumsy version of the Paolo
and Francesca story Francesca is a pert,
forward coquette, an experienced woman
of the world, who wooes the unlucky
Paolo with a freedom that might well
arouse Lanciotto's worst suspicions.
There is not a touch of this vulgarity in
Mr. Phillips' characterization of the he
roine. Her opening speech shows her to
us as a maiden whose meditation has in
deed been fancy-free.
FRANCESCA.
My lord, my father gave me to you: I
Am innocent as yet of this great life;
My only care to attend the holy bell,
To sing and to embroider curiously.
And as through glass I view 1 the windy
world.
This last line contains a touch worthy
of Juliet.
After the betrothal in the gloomy hall
of the Malatesta Castle at Rimini, Gio
vanni confides Francesca to Paolo and
leaves them. Then comes this exquisite
scene:
FRANCESCA.
O, Paolo,
Who are they that have lived within
these walls?
PAOLO.
Why do you ask?
FRANCESCA.
It is not sigh, nor sound;
Only It seemeth difficult -to breathe;
It is as if I battled. with this air.
PAOLO.
You are not sad? ¦ \
FRANCESCA. .
What is It to be sad?
Nothing hath grieved me yet but ancient
, woes.
Sea perils, or some long-ago farewell.
Or the last sunset cry of wounded kings.
I have wept but on the pages of a book
And I hare longed for sorrow of my own.
PAOLO.
Com© nothing nearer than such far-off
tears
Or peril from the pages of a book!
And therefore, sister, am I glad that you
Are wedded unto one so full of shelter.
Constant is he and steel-true till the
grave.
For me — to-night I must be gone.
FRANCESCA.
To-night?
Ah, Paolo, go not away so Boon!
You brought me hither— leave me not at
once.
Not now— :^» : f.
Therefore the success of the Tillman party will not
raise the Southern wage scale, but it will destroy the
Northern. Senator Tillman would better go home
and read Lincoln on consent of the governed to the
disfranchised blacks of South Carolina.
Now, we do not pretend to say that parties and poli
tics can much assist labor in its upward path, but we
do say that parties and politics can greatly retard it.
That the labor system of the South effectually stops
the mouth of Tillman as a critic of Northern employ
ers is patent and plain to every man, and that Bryan's
policies carried into government will throw the coun
try into the convulsions of a panic, cessation of indus
try, stoppage of wages and a ruinous liquidation is be
yond denial.
To free labor a full dinner-pail does not mean only
what it meant to the slave. It is his sign of plenty,
of full supply of his physical wants, of a surplus for
clothing and shelter and a further surplus which ac
cumulates as capital and speeds him on to indepen
dence. It precedes all opportunity for his intellectual
advancement, which is impossible when his physical
wants are insufficiently supplied.
The statement of the case is its argument. It illu
minates the sodden hypocrisy of Tillman and his man
Bryan in their appeals to the wage-workers of the
North.
Since the slaves became free from ownership as
chattels the fight of Senator Tillman has been to keep
them in all other respects on terms of exact equality
with the Southern horse and ox and ass, and as to
their earnings to keep them down as near as possible
to the cost of the subsistence furnished to them when
they were chattels. These are the undenied and unde
niable facts in the Southern labor situation. We state
them without feeling and without prejudice. They are
facts which will soon impress the wage question in the
North. The Southern agricultural staples, cotton,
rice, tobacco and sugar, do not compete with the
Northen staples of wheat, corn, cattle, hogs and sheep.
Therefore differences in the labor cost of production
are not felt. But as the South advances in her manu
facturing, metal and coal industries the difference in
the cost of production is felt more and more plainly
every year. Senator Tillman's labor system will finally
bear heavily upon the Northern wage-worker, for his
wages enter into the cost of production which affects
the price of the product in the final marke*t and means
the crowding of the Northern producer to the wall.
This country has not yet seen the supreme battle of
the labor unions. It will be fought upon the same
field as the Civil War, and practically on the same is
sue, of the status and condition of labor. When cheap
labor production in the South reaches to reduce wages
in the North the labor unions will find their first move
to be an effort to raise Southern wages to the North
ern level, or, what is the same thing, to prevent the
lowering of Northern wages to the Southern level.
Their only recourse will be the unionizing of black
labor in the South. When that time comes Senator
Tillman will be seen en the firing line again, with his
trusty gun, resisting the wage equality of labor de
prived of consent of the governed with labor that is
free and consents at the ballot-box to the government
it creates.
In his speech at Milwaukee he scouted the testi
mony of the full dinner-pail, saying, "The slaves had
full dinner-pails." Yes, and so did the Southern
planter's horses and cattle have full bellies, and for
exactly the same reason. They were his chattels. He
drove the men he owned to labor just as he drove his
horse and his ox and his ass. And men, horses, oxen
and asses had exactly the same rights. They were on
terms of perfect equality, in being owned, fed and
worked. The owner's interest in them, which led him
to provide for their physical wants, was exactly equal.
The Northern laborer is free. He is organized in
beneficial and protective unions; he votes; he enjoys
government by consent. -Senator Tillman comes to
ask him to vote to put in power the Tillman party,
which in its section of the country prohibits labor
from voting, shot it down when it tried, and reduces
it to involuntary servitude through the use of the
criminal courts.
ing wages to millions of free laborers.
From a labor system with such antecedents and such
current features Senator Tillman comes North to
blackguard the men who have revived the industries
of the country, promoted production, found markets
abroad, furnished employment for labor and are pay-
Yancey boasted as late as i860 that among his thou
sand slaves he could show recruits fresh from Africa,
whom he called "the noblest Romans of them all."
At that date slavery had long been outlawed and de
clared piracy by international law.
involuntary servitude. In this way so large a percent
age of labor is secured by force as to hold down the
general level of wages near to the corlvict line. This
system prevails in Alabama, Mississippi and several
other States. It is a remote imitation of the man
hunts on the slave coast of Africa, by which origin
ally the labor market of the South was supplied.
He has come North to take up the cudgels of de
bate in behalf of the Northern laboring man. Labor
in his section is unable to defend itself. It is paid the
lowest wages in the Union, and in several Southern
States is practiced a system of sale of criminals to
contractors, who work them in Southern coalmines,
and even in the cane fields. The negroes are arrested
on any kind of pretext, put through the criminal
courts with a farce called a trial and condemned to
Just why this man should be flaunted in the North
by the Bryanites is not clear. He recently boasted
that 95 per cent of the Southern people of the South
regret that the Union was not destroyed. The Demo
cratic press in Georgia and other States recently
fcund it necessary to lepudiate him as uttering South
ern sentiment and opinion, and in that, section, if he
appear on any public occasion, his appearance is
apologized for by the better class of Southern men.
SENATOR TILLMAN, who boasted in the Sen
ate that when black men in the South at
tempted to enjoy that "consent of the-" gov
erned" guaranteed to them by the constitution he
"shot them, stuffed ballot-boxes, made false counts
and used tissue ballots," has gone' on the Northern
stump in behalf of consent of the governed in the
•Philippines.
THE FULL DINNER PAIL.
It can hardly escape the notice of any intelligent
citizen of the First District that the service of Mr.
Coombs has been of a kindthat equips him in the best
possible manner for a Congressional career as a rep
resentative of the Pacific Coast at this particular time.
For some years to come the affairs of the Orient will
engage a large part of the attention of our Govern
ment, and both diplomacy and legislation will have
to be directed toward obtaining f*r the United States
commercial advantages in that part of the world. Mr.
Coombs understands the oriental question. He has
learned it by official connection with oriental diplo
macy. He knows, moreover, how to make that
knowledge effective in a parliamentary body. He is
therefore likely to be in Congress one of the most in
fluential members from the. Pacific Coast. The First
District will benefit itself and the whole State by elect
ing him, not for this term only, but for many terms to
come.
At the present time Mr. Coombs holds the office of
United States Attorney, and in that position has
proven his ability as a lawyer of the first rank. It will
be perceived that he has had in office large expe
rience as a legislator, a parliamentarian, a diplomat
and a lawyer. He has been tried in many ways and
has shown himself capable of every duty intrusted to
him. He comes before the people of his district with
a record of public service which may well serve
as guarantee to his constituents that at Washington
he will not long remain on probation as an unknown
new man, but will speedily take his place 'among the
leaders of the House.
In 1892 Mr. Coombs was appointed United States
Minister to Japan, and while there was one of the
ablest officials in the foreign service of the country.
By the exercise of tact and firmness he obtained from
the Japanese Government such action as compelled
the return of thousands of Japanese then in Hawaii,
and thus laid the foundation for the policy adopted by
Japan later on of restricting the emigration of Japan
ese laborers to the United States.
The public career of Mr. Coombs has been one of
marked and well merited success. He was twice
elected District Attorney of Napa County, and by- his
service in that office won the esteem of citizens of all
parties. Later on he served in the State Legislature
several terms and easily took rank among the fore
most members of the Assembly. Twice he was chosen
Speaker, and while in that office not only did he per
form its routine duties with eminent impartiality and
vigor, but introduced reforms in legislative methods
that greatly facilitated the progress of business and
rendered it more easy to defeat unwise or dishonest
measures.
Mr. Coombs as a new man in the House will be to
some extent handicapped in the work of his first term,
but he will not be inexperienced in legislative mat
ters and in parliamentary business. With all work of
that kind he is as fully familiar as any man who ever
went to Congress for the first time, and it will not be
as a novice that he enters upon the task of advancing
measures in the interests of his constituents, either in
committee-rooms or upon the floor of the House.
T— NEPUBLICANS of the First Congressional Dis-
Y-S trict should be well pleased at having a candi
date so well fitted to achieve distinction in the
House of Representatives as the Hon. Frank . L
Coombs. Indeed all voters of the district may regard
with satisfaction the prospect of the election of, Mr.
Coombs, since it will assure them a representative at
Washington who will not only be faithful to their in
tcrests, but who has sufficient ability to make his ser
vice effective.
COOMBS FOR CONGRESS.
¦'.-'¦¦ ' . ¦ ¦ . ¦ - ' " - ¦ ¦ ¦ -¦..- ". ' '-'-'-¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1900.
PAOLO AND FRANCESCA:
Mr. Stephen Phillips
Tragedy.
BY LDU PONTSYLE.
SUNDAY. ....SEPTEMBER 30, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFPICE Ttltphoae Prcmm 2O*
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. 77 . .217 to 221 StereMom St.
Telephaie Preu 2O2.
Dellrered by Carrier*, 15 Cent» Per Weelc
Single Cixplea, 5 Cents.
Term* br Mall.I Including Postage i
X>AIT.Y CALL. (Including Suiflay). one year $8.M
DAILTCALL (Including Surlday). • month* S-00
PAILY CALL (Incluaine Sunday). S months 1.60
PAJLT CALL— By Single Manth Ma
BTXDAT CALL. One Year. 1.60
WEEKLY CALL. One Yea* 1.00
All peitnaitcn are antboriied to receive
• subscriptions. t
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail ¦ubacrtbers In orderlnr charure of address should be
particular to give both KBVT AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and coniect compliance, with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
GEORGE] C. KROGXE8S,
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette- Building' Chicago
(Losr Distance Telephone '"Central 2(11.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. nnuo\.... Herald Square
26
AMUSEMENTS.
— — — — *
California — "Carmen.**
AJfcambra— "mat Mas.**
Orpheum — Vaa de vllle.
Grard ODera-house— "Blu» Jeans."
Alcaxar— "HI* Jasaoese 'Wife.*'
Ttvcll — "Tne Barber of Seville."
Columbia — "A. N"!srJit In Town."
< 'lyrr.r'-a, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville- every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer* e — VanfieTllle.
Ean Mateo Courslnr Park — Courelnjr.
XJclos Count nr Park— Oocrstar to-CMj.
Recreation Park— BasebalL
Putro Bath*— Oj>ea nlchts.
Tor-foran Park — The Great Fair.
Excursion to Santa Crux — Sunday, September SO.
Excursion— To Mar* Island, Bunday, October 7.
AUCTION KATYFS.
By 8. WaDrins — Wednesday, October I. at II o'clock,
Horses, at corner Tenth and Bryant streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TRADEMARK ON EACH SEOS.
COMFORT
AND
STYLE
Are Two Essentials Seldom
to Ba Found in Harmony,
"SOROSIS"
SHOES
• You Will Plnd Them Both
Prominent Features of Their
Construction.
We carry all widths, sizes
and leathers, 45 styles, for
all seasons and all occasions.
Price $3.50 Per Fair.
1
• • . AT • • • *
THE NEW MODERN SHOE STORE.
5O THIRD STREET,
Second Sho3 Store from Market.
SAN FRANCISCO.Divorce Suits Filed.
I Suits for divorce have been filed by An
nie Bedford against E. H. Bedford for de
sertion.; Clara Bogart against Charles A.
Bogart for cruelty. Alice O. Jackson
a gainst- Alexander.. H. JackRon for cruelty,
Bertha Staeubli against Richard Staeuhll
for: desertion and James Munro against
Matilda Munro for desertion.
UNITED STATES.
Month— lRi*5. 1897. , 1X39. 1900
May J4S0.821 f=53,938 $847,179 $1,103 R67
Jun» 518.746 361,328 814,803 1.218 257
July 254. B7S 145.373 44S.2S7 B40 0*3
AuKURt .. 107.880 ¦ 72.fi23 74,323 281.903
Total* ..$1,360,123 $1,185,264 $1,984,573 $3.214,0.^0
EXPORTS TO PORTO RICO FROM THE
UNITED STATES.
Month— 189«. 1897. 1R99. 1900
May $113,068 $161,845 $305,564 $6?«,479
June 178,313 167,138 361.423 890 999
July 101,944 156.296 213.302 B29 729
August .. 194.361 143.94.-. 251.R43 408.638
The table which follows shows the im
ports from and exports to the island in it*
commerce with the United States during
?£2> y> Jun ?,^; Tuly and A «e"st of 1896, 1S97.
1899 and 1900. respectively, and the totai
for each period, and thus enables a com
parison by months and by the entire pe
riod both with 18S9, when the island was
under the American flag- but subject to
the general -customs laws - of the United
States, and with 1S96 and 1S97, when it
was Spanish territory. . It will be seen
that every month Plnce the enactment of
the new law shows a marked increase
over 1S99 and a still greater increase as
compared with 1897 and 1896; while the
total imports from the Island in the four
months of 1!>00 show an increase of 63 n**r
cent over 1899 and 174 per cent over 1S97
and the exports show an increase of 123
per cent over 1899 and 301 per cent over
1 a9 i » -¦
IMPORTS FROM PORTO RICO INTO THE
remembered that the discussions in Con
gress a few months ago and the state-
S 8 ." 1^ by delegations from and offl
fifi ,A t i le isIand ideated that the
island had, as a result of the storm of
August. 1899, practically nothing to sell
ami nothing with which to buy,- and it
wa ! supposed that the first few months
under the new act would necessarily show
a reduction In the exports and purchasing
power of the island as compared with thf
corresponding period in former yeare
finH A, n t l ie *K mo . re , s « r Pr ls 'n?. therefore,' to
find that the island has during the four
months since the enactment 6f the law
sent to the United States three and a
quarter million dollars 1 worth of her ex^
ports, as against $1,984,000 worth in the
corresponding months of 1899, Jl.lMOOO in
$1,360,000 in the same months of 1896; and
that its people have been able to pur
chase from the United States during that
period J2.525.000 worth of our exports
against $1,132,000 worth In the correspond
ing months of 1899, $629,000 worth In i?97
mo d nthtoriS0T th ? the * C — Ponding
Totals .. J5S7.6S8 , 1629,224 11.132,132 *2,525,S4S
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 29.— Captain J. J. Mey
ler has been advised that the contract for the
Government breakwater at Port . Harford was
to have been completed • within the . amount of
the existing appropriation by "to-night. Th$
Pan Diego Jetty work will be finished by the
end of October.
THESE BURGLAES BOLD
ABE BIGHT UP TO DATE
Eastern Safe-Crackers Work With
Electric Drills and Use Their
Victim's Voltage.
No amateur -cracksmen were the bold
<«vok« who entered the building occupied
by the Drooks-Foliis Electrical Company
at S3 Mis-s'.on street some time during
Friday night.
Early yesterday morning, when J.
O'Brien. on>> of the flrm'B employes, en
rrred the store he found the lock of the
front door picked, the cash drawer
robbed and the combination of the safe
i.roken. The burglars had been strictly
| rofe5S=lonal in their work. Some bogus
r-oney which had been left in the drawer
v as untouched, as were some checks.
Hut it was the safe that exhibited un
r-,i?takable trac«*s of an experts work.
The burglars had by means of an electric
drill operated by a current obtained by
tapping a fuse In the basement, bored a
hole through the iron outer casing of the
safe door, but when their up-to-date ap
pliance encountered the steel lining the
current had apparently proved too weak,
and fearing to risk discovery the burglars
had evidently abandoned their attempt.
Their nerve, however, did not fail them,
for they had carefully coiled up the wire
they had used to transmit the current,
and it was found neatly deposited in its
proper place.
Friday was the firm's collection day,
but even" had the pafe been opened the
burglars would have been disappointed,
for the day's receipts had been deposited
in a bank. All they secured was $20 taken
from the cash drawer. *
The burglary was reported to the police
and Detectives Dlnan and Wren were de
tailed on the case. They are of the opin
ion that the burglars were Eastern
cracksmen, as the methods employed are
in vogue in the East, although a novelty
here.
INCREASE IN
THE TRADE WITH
PORTO RICO
Result of Four Months'
Operation of the New
Tariff Law.
The corresponding four months in 1S99
cover a period in which the island was
under the American flag but subject to
the customs laws of the United States
which relate to foreign countries. The
corresponding four months of 1898 were
the war period and do not therefore fur*
nlsh a fair basis for comparison.' The
corresponding four months of 1897 and 1SS6
present normal conditions in the com
merce between the island and the United
States when it was Spanish territory.
•It is therefore now practicable to con
trast the commerce between the United
States and Porto Rico during
four, .months' operation of the .new
law with a corresponding period
prior to the enactment of this law when
the island was under the American flag
and also with corresponding periods when
the Island was Spanish territory, and to
determine whether the enactment of the
new law was followed by an increase in
our commerce with tue island. It will ba
The act went Into effect May 1, 1890, so
that the figures for August, which have
Just been completed by the Treasury Bu
reau of Statistics, complete the record
of the fourth month of commerce between
the Island and the United States under
the new law and render practicable a
comparison of the four months' term with
corresponding periods In preceding years.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL,. WASHINGTON. Sept. 23.—
Four months' operations of the Porto
Rlcan tariff law show an increase of more
than 100 per cent In our exports to that
Island as compared ¦with the correspond
ing months of 1S99, and more than 300 per
cent as compared with the corresponding
months of 1S37 or 1S96.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Julius Kruttschnitt. fourth vice presi
dent and general manager, is on his way
home from New York and will probably
reach here to-morrow. Before going to
the Eastern metropolis Mr. Kruttschnitt
spent several days at Galveston directing
the reconstruction of the company's
branch line, which was swept away by the
great flood.
J. C. Stubbs. third vice president, will
arrive here either Monday night or Tues
day morning. He. too. has been spending
some time in New York.
rive in the city to-morrow noon. From
the Paris Exposition he went t" New
York, where it is said he has been in
close touch with those who are to name
the new president. He left New York for
Chicago last Wednesday.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
and decided that pompier scaling ladders
be supplied to all engine companies for
life-saving purposes. A fire alarm box
was ordered to be placed at the Children's
Hospital. Hydrants were ordered to be
placed in the Sunset District from Ninth
avenue and K street to Nineteenth" avenue
and K street; also that more hydrant3 be
placed in the district. Joseph Brown was
appointed hoseman of engine 3.
Fire Department Affairs.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe officials |
are much interested in the movement in I
the East to form a pool of thefreignt
equipment of the various railroad com
panies. The plan is to organize an asso
ciation to include all the big companies
and have designated supply stations in
various parts of the country where the
freightcars can be promptly located.
The stations in California would probably
be In this city, Sacramento a.d Los An
geles.
The reason for the formation of a car
pool is the constantly increasing demand
for cars. The Southern Pacific and the
Burlington and Alton roads, in particu
lar, report a larger freignt traffic this
year than ever before, and despite the
increased equipment of the two roads they
find that many more cars could be used.
If a pool were formed each company
would pay mileage on every car used.
It costs 5S00 to build a freight car. It is
the opinion of railroad officials mat there
are enough cars distributed over the var
ious lines to answer all needs, provided
they could be available for any one or
more companies when needed. There. are
invariably a great many cars idle, as for
instance in the East during the winter
time. These could be sent West and made
good use of, as there is always a rush or
irelght traffic here in the winter.
Several dispatches have recently ap
peared in Eastern papers to the effect
that the Santa Fe will make a bid for the
contract for carrying the mail between
Ogden and San fc'rancisco and that tne
Southern Pacific will not relinquish it
without a struggle. In fact the dispatches
stated that there might be a speed war
inaugurated to settle matters.
Officials of the danta Fe said yesterday
that the story probably originated from
the fact that since the Santa Fe com
pleted its road into this city ihe oppor
tunities for competing with the Southern
Pacific have been increased materially,
and because of this keen competition the
impression prevails in the East that even
the mall transportation -is to be gobbled
up by the Santa Fe. _\ -:>.=- i
"It is true our competition with the
Southern Pacific is more pronounced,"
said the official, "but as to oiddlng for the
mail, that would be folly. The Southern
Pacific has a direct line from Ogden into
San Francisco, covering about 800 miles,
while our route covers nearly 2000 miles.
E. O. McCormick, the Southern Pacific s
general passenger traffic manager, will
not return to San Francisco- until the
latter part of the week. He is now at
his former home in Cincinnati, from which
place he goes to Chicago on Monday to
attend an unfinished meeting of the ex
ecutives of the various Western roads.
At the meeting which Mr. McCormick
attended last week the question of form
ing a transcontinental association was
discussed, but no definite action was
reached. Mr. McCormick is one of the
promoters of this new association and he
will endeavor to bring about Its formation
at to-morrow's meeting.
The plans for revising the military
transportation rates will also be perfect
ed Before the completion of the Santa
Fe's direct connection with San Francisco
the Southern Pacific was in a position to
practically dictate in the matter of Its
percentage from Ogden and Los Angeles.
Now the Santa Fe feels that it is en
titled to the same percentage that its
competitor exacted. It is quite likely that
the two companies will be given equal
control and division of traffic this side of
Chicago and final steps to that end will
be taken to-morrow.
The passenger department of the South
ern Pacific has inaugurated an improve
ment in the style of its coupon tickets,
and the tickets are now being sent out to
the various agencies. They go into effect
October 1. The ticket is patented by two
young men in the auditor's office of the
Oregon Short Line.
-?-Instead of having coupons strung one
under the other, they will be placed side
by side and one form of ticket will be
mnde to read over any number of roads
leading from a certain gateway. This to
a great extent does away with the very
annoying system of records that agents
have been required to keep. It also re
duces enormously the number of forms
that are required by the ticket passengers
to the many destinations called for. Each
coupon is a complete record of itself,
showing -the starting point, destination
and roads over which the purchaser
travels.
This week will be marked by the home
coming of all the Southern Pacific's of
ficials who have been In the East.
"William H. Mills, land agent, will ar-
SOIiBIER THROWN FROM
WHEEL AND BADLY HURT
His Shoulder Blade Broken — Patients
Are Sent to Arkansas Hot
Springs.
John Ray, a saddler of Battery C, Third
Artillery, attempted to cross the car
tracks at the Presidio on his wheel yester
day and now occupies a cot in* the post
hospital, with a broken clavicle and many
severe bruises. He was pedaJlnp at a
lively gait and neglected to slow up as
he reached the track. The front wheel
slipped and he was thrown quite a dis
tance, striking on his shoulder and head.
Eleven patients were sent yesterday
from the general hospital to Hot Springs.
Ark., and seven to Fort Bayard.
The soldiers of. the Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth Infantry were visited by the
paymaster yesterday. The men are a
nicely behaved -lot and did not squander
their two months* pay in the saloons in
the vicinity of the Presidio.
The employes of the quartermaster's de
partment were also paid yesterday.
Rogers to Get a Hearing.
The petition for a writ of certlorarl
filed in the Supreme Court some weeks
ago by James Taylor Rogers, the attor
ney who was mixed up in the Sullivan
estate scandal, was granted by the court
yesterday and made returnable in twenty
days. The petitioner seeks to have the
order of Judge Troutt finding him gxiilty
of contempt of court and imposing a fire
of $500 reviewed and set aside. An early
hearing will be given Rogers' counsel by
the Supreme Court.
CALITOSNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— H. E. Chestbro
of Covena Is at the Herald Square; A.
Schilling of San Francisco is at the Plaza.
RAILROADS TRYING TO SOLVE
THE FREIGHTCAR PROBLEM
Movement on Foot in the East to Form an
Equipment Pool.
Rev. M. Kelly of Ferndale is at the
Lick.
Dr. W. S. Taylor of Llvermore la at the
Palace.
F. E. Curtis, a Los Angeles capitalist, is
at the Grand.
E. W. Runyon. a Red Bluff banjeer, 13
staying at the Palace.
A. Hochcimer, a prominent merchant at
Willows, is registered at the Lick.
J. B. Hamilton, an extensive fr\iit grow
er at Los Angeles*. Is at the Occidental.
Dr. M. E. McGrath. a prominent physi
cian in Denver, is a guest at the. Grand.
H. A\*.. Newby. Oovernment surveyor at
Reno. Neva., is stopping at the Palace.
E. C. Weber and O. B. Cattet. Los An
geles oil men. are registered at the' I'u?s.
Adfo Z. Baldelebro. wife and sister,
from the City of Mexico, are at the Occi
dental.
A. P. Stewart, auditor for the Chicago
and Alton Railroad, Is registered at the
Occidental.
Captain Fred W. Coffln. located at Mare
Island. Is In the city for a few days and U
staying at the Occidental.
Miss Singer of Philadelphia la at the Oc
cidental on her way to Japan, where she
i3 to become a missionary.
Samuel P. Weston, business manager of
the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, Is In San
Franclaco on a pleasure trip.
H. F. Lewis and wife and child are at
the Occidental. They are on their way to
Honolulu after an extended trip East.
John Wolfskin and wife of Los Angelea
came to the city yesterday afternoon to
spend Sunday here. They are at the Pal
ace. ..
J. H. Batcher of Sacramento, a promi
nent attorney of that city, Is stopping at
the Grand. He la accompanied by hia
wife. -~V
Graham E. Babcock of Coronado. ac
companied by his wife, is stopping at the
Palace. Mr. Babcock's father is proprie
tor of the Coronado Beach Hotel.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .SIJNDAY, SEPTEMBER tfO, 1000.
27
Strainer.
F**>m.
Due.
Newburg (Grays Harbor
Coos Bay I Newport
Del Norte Portland
W. II. Kruger.. Tillamook
Mlnrola Xanalmo
Empire C003 Bay
I'rogrcso Tacoma
San Bias New York
Eureka Humboldt
Walla Walla... Victoria
Columbia Portland ,
Corona San Diego
Coqutlle River., rsrays Harbor.. :...".
Matteawan Tacoma
Tltanla Nanalmo
Luella Caspar.. r ....."
Iaqua Newport........ .;
Pomona Humboldt.................
Crescent City.. Crescent City.. |"
Ilonlta Newport
Umatllla Victoria.... "'
Point Arena.... Point Arena... .""'
Carlisle City ... China and Japan
North Fork .... Humboldt.:....
Santa Rosa .... San Diego
Arcata ......... Coos Bay .....'.'.'.'.'.
|Sep. 30
I Rep. 34
8ep. 30
Sep. 30
Sep. 30
Oct. 1
Oct. 1
Oct. 1
Oct. ]
Oct. J
Oct. i
Oct. 2
Oct. 2
Oct. 2
Oct. 2
Oct. 3
Oct. i
Oct. 3
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 6
Oct. «
Oct. 6
Steamer.
Destination.
Sail*.
Pier.
Santa Rosa San Diego Sep. JO, 11 am Pier 11
Herodot Hamburg Sep. 80, 10 am Pier 7
State of Cal Portland Sep. 30. 11 am Pier 24
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 30. 9 am Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 30, 2 pm Pier 9
PL Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 1, 2 pra Pl«r 2
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 1. 12 m Pier 13
City Rio J. Chlna&Japan Oct. 2. lpm PMSS
Coos Bay.. Newport Oct. 2, 9 am Pier 11
Barracouta New York Oct. 2, 13 m PMSS
*V. Kruger. TUlamook Oct. 2. R pm Pier 2
Empire ... Coos Bay Oct. 2, 10 am Pier 13
G. Dollar .. Grays Harbor Oct. 2. 6 pm Pier 2
Jfiua Humboldt Oct. 3. 4 pm Pier 2
Del Norte.. Portland Oct. 3, 8 am Pier 20
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 3. 10 am Pier 13
wT a w" Awlralla Oct - 3 « 9pm Pier 7
Walla W... Victoria Oct. 4. 11 am Pier 9
Corona .... San Dleeo Oct. 4. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia ..iPortland Oct. B. 11 am Pier 24
Newburs ..iGrays Harbor [Oct. 6
Bonlta ....jNewport |Oct. 6. 11 am Pler'24
Sun rises ' z~r:
Sun sets ° : "J
Moon 8et3 :::"":::::::::::.ioViVn: m
i I— Ipt. Il^lrt Ft | n "*U
*? '"I HI? f? ,» : S» »•* 2:59 Ts 10:26 ~<U
1 ... 6:57 4.1 10:27 3.S 4:04 4.8 11:23 0 6
2... I 6:S1 4.4 11:47 3.0 5:22 4 8
IL "W IH W L w H -W
8... 0:27 O.6| 7:37 4.7 12:S5 2.7 «•« <«
4... 1:201 O.fil 8:181 5.0 1:53 2 1 7 : S1 Jo
5... 2:0<l 0.7! 8:56| B.3 2:44 ij g-59 5?
6... 2:591 0.91 9:22| 5.4| 3:321 0-8 liw S^
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELL.YS FERRY.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1899. I 1900.
September 16
September 17
September 18
September 19
September 20
September 21
September 22
39S0 39S0
3980 39S0
39S0 3980
3980 39S0
3980 39S0
S9S0 39S0
3980 3980
STANISLAUS RIVER AT
OAKDALE.
| Second Feet.
DATE.
1399. I 1900.
September 16
September 17 j*
September 18
September 19
September 20 "
September 21 "j"
September 23..'.... "
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LJ
W E0
90 50
70 70
70 70
70 90
70 90
70 90
grange"
i
DATE.
Second Feet...
1899." 1900.
I'KCo. ToUl
anal. 1900.
Sept. 16 69 7 I*
Sept. 17 69 I?
Sept. 18 63 12
Kept. 19 69 . ' 1*
Sept. 20 69 V* 12
Sept. 21 64- 7 12
Sept. 22 39 15 \l
•S 8
12 12
12 12
12 19
12 19
12 27
BAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNI
ERNDOX.
Second Feet.
1599. I 1900.
DATE.
ISeconc
1899.
September 16.. *
September 17 *" "
September 18
(September 19 ••••---
September 20..: ','.'.'"
September 21 •••••¦
September 22
130
130 ;
130
100
100
100
100
"0 210
130 2io
130 210
100 HO .
100 igo
100 180
100 180
3UNTAIN'.
Second Feet.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNT.
DATE. _ SeCOnc
\ 1899.
~ — 1~
1899. ) 1900.
September 16
September 17
September 18 ..*|
September 19... \\\
September 20
Sf-ptember 21 "
September 22
215
215
215
180
215
180
180
215 ¦ 2S5
21o 283
180 250
215 230
180 230
180 215
¦i — ,- HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
™ u Bi aj Bj n y| n jg bbb^ ¦¦ a\ Q59 aT H I 9 H D Vl H IB B BBf &jBH I H aT ¦ D flT li bj b EEQ fcSHi B
o ' C
S CTandest C F^mTturA%^ ltendinS u PUrChaSer ° f h ° USe furnisllln grs should tuy a single dollar's worth of goods before having visited the largest and <
© th«» flnnrf rf i», v ii~»T«. P. ° U C °** t ' whlch started only .three years ago and now has a floor space of over 3 acres. Its broad aisles and stairs, . J
2 were the orSSS; *** un , e * ualed for doing business at the least possible expense . make it San Francisco's best trading place. We <
% monev nro-nrtlv « a\1°™ f™** "* the Furniture trade; the first store to mark goods in plain figures, to exchange goods freely or to refund j
O haw nlwiv* £ ana the pioneers of special bargain sales. From beginning none but reliable goods have been bought and sold and our prices «
O «h!« .tnrV «!, ? a * Ua i rmly l0West * Backed b y a determination to sell better, goods for the money or the same goods for less mensy than others, <
g 1!?^J^IJ^^J^ marvel of the mercantile world of San Francisco. J
I \SB SPECIAL. SALE . .floor coveringsT" j
I wlm French Lace Curtains Car P et Bar § ains - I
§ >3?/i|f BATTENBERO and ARABIANS. R. «fe» Til ¦ b™-"' .<**» 0_ j
O 'Wl!fr£&W -^\ f £?i^£§MH Velvet Carpets #.">*? }
9 AVl/W The Surplus StOCk Of a French Lace Cur- §&E^S5PQgESS9^^M Axminster Carpets 91.10 J
g H/8g§K tain maker closed out to us at 60 Sfe#^^ v Sj#^^r^felS Body Brussels 91.15 «
§ #Hf percent on the 81.00 W®^m^&&g&B8B s^;^^JM^§0^ I
s ¦ l^iiri 1 i-lif I M i^^^S^" 50^^*^™ •«»
S J li ; T* : r ° "• : *r sis ™ i°o S a g sa ¦ |i zc ™? f «v • * 16 - 5 ° ~~ «
» ».00 value po et. a pair. 12.50 S7.60 value B o at a pair. 25.00 Size ro.6x7.6 feet 912.75 «
g the greatest sale on record. B^£SJS"i^;"' f87r> Japanese Mattings. I
0 ( nnn dcmmp.wto nun ostsniro sizei2X9f C « 924.00 r •
g I.UUU KbMNAN 15 AND SAMPLES, M ? de - ui> Ca^' ****&«* ir»
°f Irt 1P 1Tl m nr . », „» , SlM '""iV. •rniVo-iMVi-- «c Mattings aio J
g lac, 20c, 25c, 37 c, 50c, 75c and $ .00 each llpipilill I «|1
« 7 www., 914.75, $15.3O 810.75 4oc and 50c Mattings 30«; S
/» Iiich T>rai»^rT F"abric«. Furniture Covering* or can be used for Cushion* Table Cover- A -wminc + o.- "O,-,^,^ ' ,, . ' „ , •
J* :r.p^. Window Seats, etc-1000 piece*-all the Importers" famples and remnSntt-SHki -^ Xnxlnster K-Ugs— Mattings Remnants— worth up to 4OC.. C
«\_J>air:afk*. Or.mial PtufTs-the greatest bargains #>ver offered. " Size 27x63 inches. ...92.(15 10c
I ANNIVER&SRYl ; URNEfURE~BARGAI^^ |
c UlibAl LUULfl jALti ¦j5s^^^ 5 j^^_ T^^ $slS^ : y^ 5b.75 f {
® SSO.OOLenthen Couch— Upho'ct. re i P \j^ :== Y ' : W&jis£§a0i^*ai % flhlfnnipr 5=3 ' fe> >^ fi
© in vrry best leather, deep diamond II lr*SjSr ¦ %£5J S! **' J^W $ UHII.UIIICI, A-A Cs^ )c=?V/ 5^< Cj
O ttift5-;arj?e gnndola «^ P» Kl li (I I I i®*^5l I % Jit )c» [j i t^=\ ti
(\ Ert ape-vcr>' ppeclal price -« li [&*?¦ | 1 S cast trim- £T? \f I 1 2
O v^ v - r IS 1/ D I ». ]^^ ?=f^_-5r--^Ar3 \ h mings, 1 | Nr £
O J?25.qo Couch— Urh^U'ere! in h-avv /f^i ' 'j Vl^ ' ""^^^ •* worth J9, \$T * . f
9 tapestry, new shape framework— tufts v r^^ B • ' 1^Br^^s==^ ' % annivfr- C
O secured with now patent <g •» 7« O -^ ri*^^ 3^!^- -'- --- " **fal, I 1 „,„ 4T * 1 PZf\ nrnntri <P4 0 RA C
clinched button-will never *| t -|-l3 ff &^ %f -— ii^ <2t fary 5) 1 1,OU, W0H11 MO.OU. 5
£3 pull om-sale price lx -* *Zr m <Q tarpam v C
1 fllr °$2^ASI0.00 PARLOR TABLE brass and iron beds. Hl^\
g SIT.oT Cou e ch-O.;r'n,n rH,,M e FOR^fiSO £Zt\™> l lnC \%% J
O c ,make— irtth our full gTiarantee— lanje I U II <p\J»tJ\J m top rods, ppindles and «fl 3w >^^>-<k #
(-> ' variety of color? — special tapestries se- ' knobs — sale price /y<C^§\*^\ O c
g SSS Pur O c n h e aSL°- Ur reCCnt $1200 A rnanufactnrer's surplus .tock. Fine EnameIcd Beds> g(g \\\ I
© sale price tAm Parlor Tables, highly polished. In quar- bowed extension foot t(A V ///J^ W *
g StiO.OO Leather Couch-Diamond ter " sawed °^ k or ™*osany flnIsh ; a ,73 d 5o_f. P i?e dI nric 6 WOrth "U " /¦' i^^i V(\ S
tufts, made up In hair $Af\tll neatly caned c° rn «". size of top 2i «3.50-sale price niiR Hf\ €
X _ . and mo?s— one of our *Z|.|J W» inches square; regular price $10.00. sale Ename'ed Beds, with I^-lnch no^t ' 411^ llr S
I f^S^^^^, S ""'brass'bedsT 5 " I
q cm-rrr ....*».,, re. «. cu «*"* U \ \fT^> v J60<X> Brass Bed. swell foot.islslOO '2^^^W^ <& I
O Our TVTattress X>ept.— We make them V<Z: \ Davenport Sofa Be 1 - \ ir 1 two -^Z--^--^^~ J* x^ <
2 in our own factory. We know what is ljV4 5 * \ pillows— back is easily adjusted— with r , .. ¦., 11 in \ €
O tion nece??ar>-; you get just what you / r-*-.^/"- ~~^£a \ \ /3 —sale price *J5"" , _______ 5
O buy and save the wholesaler's profit // " —^/^°*n I \f x. n"\ p3-^=-^^2^*— c— «^->n J
O LJ > . I \ \^:^^> "arlop Suit— 3 hand<om« pieces •^ ' — _ , / 2
g Union Labor Only-ftself a Q Vci SStftS^'d&SS 1 ™- uph c °^^ J/ - ss &*-Ji I
O fin^MnfAA ' Piano polish Hnish *3I' 2 ® S
© e««oe*e®ooo»oa«o«oe««o .ffi^^cCToTnft^^tWo'S rine "^SSePS, {
§O That money-saving book, our O 5-S d Moi Xl? , ChfU , r T SiSK* mu^bf ' Sn 537-50 7^ «
J § re. Fall CataJoeue. now g ffi°r. ff^SnSSSSSd' ffSe 0 t0 e appreciated 3 ' 0)10./ 3. <
2 h° Umry CUSt ° mCrS ' S pt^o^ur^urr^eV 118 th |XS ™-n- W 'flnely' This han^ome Solid OaK Dr^er. swell J
I MISSION and SIXTEENTH STS. PM||fi\|f^ \ SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STS, ]
HOUSE FTjrv-IISHiyGS.
B«IBHBIBBaBBBHBgi!3Bl.lDBBBaOE9BBIBBHaiBBEaDBHJr
[Wouldn't It Make Yon Mad?!
¦ •'•.¦. - • ¦,"*-. " : '" '"':-- - : "¦ v r 'V"-|
EB If you had seen a bedroom pet advertised like the one pictured below, made ¦
B ¦ of solid mahogany, elaborately carved and its surface as smooth as class. .
i five pieces; a unique bedstead, with oblong panels supported <by carved J
n posts, a massive dresser, nearly five feet v/lde. surmounted by an enormous 6
H fine French mirror: a large roomy chiffonier; a dainty toilet table and a t
™ regally beautiful high cheval mirror. ;',-¦.; E
S l^r — 3iisaii|i S~— '-^mid \
jjjjj If you had rushed 'right down to the store that advertised this bargain {
g| and had planked down your $1000 for It In fear somebody else would take ¦
U it. In the evening you had taken a trip across the bay with your wife to I
B visit your friend. Mr. H. L. M , 240 Perry St., to tell him all about your I
M bargain. If ho should show you the same set and tell you that he bought J
m four pieces— bed, bureau, dressing table and chiffonier— on March 19, 1900, for i
g 5464 at |
S PATTOSIEN'S, 16tb and Mission Sts. |
S WOULDN'T IT JAR YOU?!
HBHMaBBBMBBgBBBBBBBBBBHBaaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBI
AD VZBTI SEMENTS.
I Jiff no stronger I
I than your 8
I stomach I
I^XiZy^^^ ou can sfr^gtf 1611 3
Iwl^^lP^ your stomach if you H
S1P^h1> us* c ncw Digester- |
wfar Johnson's Digestive Tablets 1
§j^^ '? ¥^ £\ f^**"**!!— \G1 99 Sk
OUR CHOICEST
LIST OF GOOD
PURCHASES
FOR THIS WEEK
The latest in room decorations are handsome Porcelain
Plaques, in hand-painted Dresden effects. These are import-
ed goods shown for the first time in this market.
10-Inch Klze 4 .*»«•*
8-lnch size 2S«»
Three new styles of Decorated China Dinner and Tea
Sets shown this week.
Watches* Stationery,
liJSSn&^a :::::::::::::::::::::it%i f AJl the new and late
Heavy Gold Plated .*1.50 shades of HuHburt's Pa-
American Movement Xlckel Case, ... . «
is bim $2.25 petencs just arrived.
Boys' Nickel Watch »:!.."«» California View Tablets. l>w> views SS^-
Gun Metal. 1S size i«::.Z." Full line of Letter and Note Tablets. "
Same in Far;y Dial and Gold Crown. f4.OO _* roni ;••••„••••, 3c up
I.adios' Gun Metal *'l 25 The only 6e a'tn* W ax that can be
I V, • « , "1""^' « uspd wltnou t *>«l'ns the flnsen. or
Ladies' Gun Matal. American Move- discoloring the wax: put up in K!as»
ment 9o.SO tube*: per tub* ioc
Ladles' Gun Metal. American Move- ¦ An extra quality of ruled and unruled
ment. Fancy Dial..... ...........fO.OO papetfries. 4<? sheets and 43 envelop™
Men s 2rt-year Filled Case Waltham to match 23c
or Klgin openface or hunting-case. $12.50 —A NOVeL'tt'— — ""
Ladles' American Movement. 10-year A novelty for ras burners. Attach to
case, oren-face ...... *».<M> jthe burner, turn on the storx-ock an.l
All the above watches fully guaranteed. the gas is lighted; no matches; each. .25c
Hnr^erlinnPrQ We carry a full line
llUr^CWlippcrfc. of hand and power
clippers of the latest and best patterns at lowest
prices.
*? ¦ ¦ T— x
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
MAIL ORDERS FILLED.
j Is different from any other toilet preparation. ||
-{ It is not a simple beautifier. It is neither f|
% paint, powder nor bleach. It is a medicinal g
f \ ft 1 1 v4 K a X \J i yj «-* Wfc •**_/• fiK"M
l] A full explanation, instructions and a sample of th©» p
\4 cream will be mailed to any addresa upon receipt of a 2o |£i
1 EUmp. Anita Cream & Toilet Co., 207 Franklin Btreet, gTHE PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S NEW FLIER. A PALATIAL PASSENGER BOAT DESIGNED FOR
THE ALASKAN TRADE. THE KEEL OF WHICH WILL SOON BE LAID AT THE UNION IRON WORKS AND
THE WORK RUSHED TO COMPLETION. •
TO SAIL.
COTTAGE AT FORDHAM. N. J.,
WHERE POE'S WIFE DIED.
AND WHERE HE WROTE
"EUREKA."
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to sin
Francisco Bay Published by official au
™™ ty JL f *£" Superintendent.
NOTE.-The high and low waters occur at
Jw* ? Uy « frca f- <Ml«lon-street wharf) aboSt
t w<> nty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the same at both places. *
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 30.
NOTE.— In the- above exposition of the tides
tho early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the. third time column tha third tide
and the- last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on th*
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a. minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
WILLIAM E. BENTON.
(Owner of the Gentleman's Maga
zine, edited by Poe.)
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling BO California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llpplncott, hydrograph'er of the
United States Geological Survey:
Flow of Rivers.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, op at S
o'clock, p. m., Greenwich time.
Lieutenant Commander^ U. 's. N.. la charge.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, TJ. S N ' Mer
chants' Exohnnee, San Francisco" Cal
September 29. 1900. ? ' l "
Time iEall.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Bept 29-Stmr
Hongkong Maru, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Yokohama.
Stror Arcata, Nelson, E6 hours from Coos Bay,
etc.
Bark Theobald, Cameron, 9 days from Seattle.
Schr Webfoot. Mercer, 64 days from Levuka.
Schr Tulenkun, Melander, 63 days from Ku
eale.
Schr Newark, Beck, 15 hours from Bowens
Land Ins.
Schr John O North, Austin, 25 days from
Honoipu.
Schr Rio Rey, Johnson, I days from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Fortuna. Luberjr, 8H days from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Saturday, September 2).
Stmr Willamette. Hansen, Seattle; P C
Coast.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Dlegro;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, Astoria:
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr St Paul, Hays, Nome; Alaska Packers'
Association.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Nor stmr Horda, Svensen, Newchwans, via
Tacoma; American Trading Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmon, Chemainus; R
Dunemulr Sons Co.
Bark Martha Davis, McAlman, Hilo; Welch
& Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, September 29.
Stmr Jeanie, Mason, .
Stmr St Paul, Hays, Nome.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnkel, Fort Bragg, with schr
Vine In tow.
Bark Martha Davis, McAlman, Hilo.
Ur bark Dunearn, Gill, Queenstown.
Schr Viking, Peterson, ,
Schr Reliance, Larsen, .
Schr Foresthome, Colstrup, Port Gamble.
Schr J S Kimball, Thwlng, Seattle.
Schr Bertie Minor, Ravens, Eureka,
Schr Una. Harkins. .
Schr Vine, Small. Fort Bragg.
MEMORANDUM.
Per ship S D Caleton, at Dutch Harbor, Sept
19, from Tacoma— Ppoke schr Altalr. from Se
attle, for Nome; all well. ;
Per schr John G North — Sept 25. 4 pm. lat
36 34 N, Ion 123 W, passed what appeared to be
a broken mast in an upright position about ten
feet above the surface of the water. It was
either the mast of a small vessel submerged
or the topmast of a square-rigged vessel, with
yards and canvas below water, either supposi
tion accounting for its upright position.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 29. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HARFORD — Arrived Sept 2»-Schr
Melancthon, from Wlllapa Harbor.
PORT GAMIiLE-Saiied Sept 29— Bktn News
boy, for Sydney.
PORT TOWNSBND— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr
Ohio, from Cape Nome. Sept 23 — Bark Governor
Roble, from Hongkong.
Sailed Sept 29— Schr James Rolph, for Anto
fagasta; schr C S Holmes, for San Pedro; ship
Abner Coburn, for Sydney; bktn Kllkltat. for
Honolulu.
Passed up Sept 29 — Stmr Oregon, from Cape
Nome, for Seattle; etmr Ohio, from Cape
Nome, for Seattle. * .
Arrived Sept 29— Schr Esther Buhne. from
Honolulu.
Passed up Sept 29 — Bktn Amelia, from Hono
lulu; stmr Portland, from St Michael.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 29— Schr Western
Home; tug Columbia, with stmr Mandalay In
tow, for San Francisco.
USAL- Sailed Sept 2!>— Stmr Cleone. for San
Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW-Sailed Sept 29-Schr Ban
tor, for Honoipu.
NEWPORT— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Iao.ua.
hence St'jit 27.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Sept 20— Br stmr Car
lisle City, from Yokohama.
SEATTLE— Arrived 8ept 28— Stmr Ohio, from
Cape Nome. Sept 29— Stmr Oregon, from Cape
Nome.
Sailed SeDt 28 — Stmr Kvlcbak, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Sept 29— Bktn Benlcla. from Port
Ludlow; utmr Portland, from Cape Nome.
A8TORIA— Sailed Sept 29— Nor stmr Thyra.
for ; Hr ship Itlversdale, for Queenstown.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 29 — Schr Otlllle
Fjord, from Hilo; stmr Eureka, hence Sept 27.
Sailed Sept 29— Schr Maxim, for Santa Bar
bara; Fchr Mary Buhne, for San Francisco.
Sailed Sept 29— Stmr Del Norte. for San Fran
claao: stmr Lakme, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 2»— Stmr Homer, hence Sept 27.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Sept 29— Schr
Mary Etta, hence Sept 25; schr Corinthian, hnc
'Sept 26; schr Ocean Spray, hence Sept 24.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HARWICH— Arrived Sept 28— Br ship General
Roberts, hence March 2.
HONGKONG— Sailed Sept 2S-Bark Topgal
lant, for Puget Sound.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr China,
hence Sept 6. Sepi 28 — Stmr Victoria, from Ta-
C °NEWCABTLE. England-Arrived 8ept 23-Br
¦hip Dowan Hill, hence May 13.
COLON— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Finance, from
New York.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived Sept 23— Chll
bktn Alta, from Port Glasgow.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Kensing
ton, from New York.
Sailed S«pt 29 — Stmr Westernland, for New
York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept 29— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from New York, for Hamburg.
LIVERPOOL-Sailed Sept 29— Stmr Etruria,
for New York.
HAVRE— Railed Sept 29— Stmr La Touralne,
for New York.
NEW YOUK-Arrlved Sept 29-Stmr L'Aqul
talne. •
Sailed Sept 29— Stmr TJmbrla, for Liverpool;
stmr Menomlnee, for London: stmr Spaarndam,
for Rotterdam: stmr Princess Irene, for Brem
en, via Cherbourg.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Tor Sensible People.
«lve your money to the poor if you have
>?» use for it, and save it when you can
here is your golden opportunity. To-morl
row I will place on sale 1000 pairs of shoes
for men and women — shoes that cost $3 50
Vici kid in tan or black. Latest styies.'
All sizes. Vesting or kid tops for $1.65 a
pair to-morrow only at the assignee sale
cf the Boston Shoo Co., 775 Market street
mat Fe«xt4k C. O. Ifcftlfcr. -"rw'g-rt. •
St. Dominic's Luncheon,
The ladies of .St. Dominic's Church are
making extensive preparations for a
luncheon to be given in St. Dominic's Hall
on Rosary Sunday. October 7. for the ben
efit of the organ. and choir fund it la
hoped that the public will show Its appre
ciation for the good work of the ladles by
liberally patronizing them. Those inter
ested are: Mrs. E. Kenny, Mrs. G. Olsen
Mrs.' P. McKeon, Mrs. Rhodes and others'
State Commissioners Submit an In
teresting Beport on Their Con
dition to the Governor.
The annual report of the State Commis
sioners of Building and Loan. Societies
which was Hied with the Governor yes
terday, contains some interesting informa
tion as to the amount of business done
by these organizations. The report was
signed by Commissioners Frank H. Gould
and E. D. McCabe. Secretary J. H. Field
aided the Commissioners in preparing the
document.
The report shows that the number of
members in those societies in 1899 was 36 -
780, and in 1900, O 7,450; that during the
year 1899 there were 2524 mortgage loans
and this year 2C97; that the number of
stock loans for 1S9S was 1C57, while for 190*
there were 1750. There were 958 houses
built in 1S99, as against 993 this year. Up
to June 1 there were 157 association in
this State. Of this number 68 were in San
Francisco, 21 In Los Angeles and 14 in Ala
meda. There have been -no failures dur
ing the past year, and all the associations
are reported to be in a prosperous condi
tion.
The total assets for 1D00 are $18,93o,SS3 70
The total disbursements, which include
money loaned, dues repaid, profits paid un
prepaid stock, salaries, taxes and other
expenses, amount to $12,544,0C7 03 The
borrowers number 12.6C9. Forty-eight as
sociations have maturing stock, and there
were 6243*4 shares matured. There was
$722,949 In dues repaid on matured shares
The report states that there seems to
have been a great difficulty during the
last year in securing acceptable loans by
many of the building and loan associa
tions, and that has caused the diminution
of the capital invested in them, as manv
have declined to sell free stock upon the
ground that they could not make u«e of
the money.
BUILDING AND LOAN
SOCIETIES FLOUBISHENG
By using the long-distance telephone
instead of the telcgTaph a gang of sharp
ers succeeded in taking about K0O.0W
from various poolrooms In New York.
The telephone being quicker than the
teleprraph. the sharpers were able to bet
lSuts h o°r r chi C h a a g O had already WOn la Su
ation appeared In the New YorK papers
and led to a subscription for their bene
fit. Mrs. Shew, through whose efforts this
was accomplished, testifies that "actual
want and hunger and cold had been borne
by this heroic husband in order to supply
food, medicine and comforts to his dying
wife," and attributes tha utter- wreck of
Poe"s constitution In great part to his
privations during these last months.
In January. 1847. the Ionic struggle
ended. Virginia died and Poe broke down
with brain fever. He recovered, indeed,
and lived for some eighteen mdnths long
er, but he was never himself again. in
fact, it Is hardly fair to regard the ac
tions of his lonesome latter life in any
other light than as those of a man drift-
Ing toward insanity and death and clutch
ing desperateiy at any kindly hand that
seemed held out to save him. In particu
lar he sought the sympathy and support
of women. He may well have shared the
opinions of his friends that his only sal
vation was to be found In marrying some
one who should at once supnort
strengthen and comfort him. It was
sorrow than the failure to achieve world
ly success. During hl3 stay In Philadel
phia his dearly loved child-wife broke u
blood vessel and lay for weeks at death's
door. She seemed to recover only to be
again prostrated. It was to the horrible
alternations of agonizing hope and blank
despair during the six years remaining of
her life in death that Poe attributed his
final loss of power to resist the tempta
tion of seeking relief of unconsciousness
in liquor or laudanum.
"I" took leave of her forever." he said, refer
ring to her first attack, "and underwent all the
agonies of her death. She recovered partially,
and I again hoped. At the end of a year the
vessel broke again. I went through precisely
the same scene. • • • Then again— again—
and even once again, at varying intervals. Kach
time I felt all the agonies of her death— and at
each accession of the disorder I loved her more
dearly and clung to her life with more desperate
pertinacity. But I am constitutionally sensi
tive—nervous in a very unusual degree. I be
came Insane with long Intervals of horrible
sanity. During these nts of absolute uncon
sciousness 1 drank — God knows how often or
how much.
Sunt lacrlmae reram. A stronger man
would perhaps have come through the
trial better and all the tenderer for hi<3
sutterings, but the strain was too great
for the high-strung and sensitive tempera
ment of Poe. After all, in his craving for
a respite from the intervals of horrible
sanity, there is nothing of the greedy de
sire tor vulgar pleasure which marred th<»
life of Burn* nor of the weak yielding 10
physical pain which shattered the greater
mind of Coleridge. Yet neit.ier Burns nor
Coleridge has been aa heartily abused «n
Poe.
The most outrageous slanders have been
circulated in regard to Poe's treatment
of hia wife. One reverend reviler goes
so far as to charge him with having
caused Virginia's death that he might
have a fitting theme for "The Raven.'"
the fact that this poem appeared two
years before she died in no way affecting
this gentleman's belief in the truth oi his
statement. Others have said or insinu
ated that Poe allowed her to perish slowly
of want and neglect while he wasted his
substance in riotous living. Those who
know anything of the bitter, grinding pov
erty in which Poe continually lived will
realize the improbability of this accusa
tion. But an even better answer 13 the
testimony of an eve witness of the last
months of Virginia's life. Mrs. Gove vis
ited the cottage at Fordhaan in the fall
of 1S46 and found her in the dreadful chills
that accompany consumption. Poe had
thrown his greatcoat over her and sat
cherishing her hands while she hugged
their pet cat to her breast lor warmth.
An announcement of their miserable situ-
In .i a . Word ** ask for an y »*ht. however
email, that may arslst in Illuminating an im
portant subject.
Above all we a»k you not to carelessly cast
aside these words. It is the earnest request
of earnest men. seeking truth for Its own
sake and wisely providing for the historic vin
dication of their race and name from the pos
rHudlee** DS ° f fUtUre 1^ norante and 1
The society will, of course, bear any expense
that may be entailed In the collection, trans
mission cr publication of information proper
to our purpose. *""v*r
Tho circular is signed by Richard
O Connor, president of the Knights of St
Patrick, at the Hibernia Bank, or to J A
mer^-,« EP^, retary of the Historical "So
clety. 1101 Pine street. All correspondence
a u d ?., n £ ref l ues ts for further information
should be addressed to them.
To this end we invite and request your co
operation In procuring facts bearing upon our
fcubject. You may possess original informa
obtained, the location or character of relics
that would be of interest or value. You may
be able to suggest a line of inquiry that would
aid our purpose. Historical information flows
from a thousand sources. A reminiscence, a
leiic. an old newspaper clipping:, a letter a
pit of unwritten biography may be a clew to
important evidence, cr the prolific Bouree of
many unsuspected facts.
The work of Investigation Is to be in
fluenced neither by political nor religious dl
vlFicns. The race is paramount. "Whether it
came from this part of Ireland or that
whether it worshiped at this shrine or that. Is
but a qualifying Incident. We seek the life
and labors of the race. To record Its arrival
Its participation In the civil, political and
military activities of the State, "to try truUi
ruwy and fearlessly to record its achieve
ments.
The pocietr. therefore, desires to bepln its
investigations at once and to extend them to
every part of the community, placing them
under the conduct of names that, assuring
painstaking research and Impartial and dis
criminating Judgment, will certainly present
the results of their labor in attractive literary
rorm. so that its work, commanding the re
six-ct and attention of the community, may
have a deflnlto and permanent historical
The pioneers of this State, the men who made
history, are rapidly disappearing. With them
go the original sources of the most valuable
information. If the work which was described
be not undertaken now our posterity will face
the same difficulties that confront our Eastern
brethren in their present search for authentic
information.
Each of the races claiming to form part of
the primal stock of the republic has Its own
historical association and has traced the move
ments of its own blood by special historical
investigation. We have the Etory of the Eng
lish, the Dutch, the Huguenots, the Spaniards.
The story of perhaps the largest fraction
of the parent, people or the republic— the Irish
is being written. These special researches
are admittedly of the highest value to general
history. They can be prosecuted with great
est success by particular Investigation In each
.State. To this end the Knights of St. Pat
rick desire to initiate a thorough, Bolld, sober
investigation of the Irishman's part In the life
of California. Not to satisfy a prejudice or
mere pride of race, but laboring for right and
truth to impartiality, to set forth the facts of
its racial life, that they may "supply omis
sions, correct errors, allay passions and shame
prejudices."
The society has no political purpose. It
Is composed of men whose proudest boast
is their American citizenship, who under
take their work in the interests of his
torical truth and in defense of an ances
try who have been the frequent target of
an ignorant prejudice or misguided big
otry- The general society has a local or
ganization in nearly every State in the
Vnion. Its work i< now undertaken in
<"alifornia by the Knights of St. Patrick,
who have issued the following circular:
Many noted Americans have interested
tbemSelYca in the society's work, among
others Governor Theodore Roosevelt.
To accomplish this great work with
fcreadth ana accuracy a number of Irish
men of national prominence issued a call
to notable men throughout the United
States. They organized in 1S9C the Amer
ican Irish Historical Society, having for
Its object "the study of American history
generally, to investigate specially the im
migration of the peuple of Ireland to this
country, determine their number, examine
the sources whence they came and learn
ihe places of ttieir settlement; to ex
amine records of every character wher
ever found; to endeavor to correct er
roneous, distorted and false views of his
tory Sn relation to the Irish race in
America."
The Knights of St. Patrick, an organiza
tion of American citizens of Irish birth or
Irish descent, is co-operating with the
American Historical Society for the pur
pose of investigating, recording and pre
senting in literary form a history of the
influence of the Irish element of the pop
ulation in the upbuilding of the republic.
Poe made many bitter enemies, mostly
by the severity of his criticism. His ideals
in literature were at once high and pecu
liar, and he never hestitatcd to lash an
impostor or assail an opponent. But he
was net without friends. Almost without
exception those who knew him best speak
of his modesty, his industry and his ap
preciation of benefits conferred. Toward
women his manner was marked by tha
old-fashioned chivalry of the Virginia
gentleman. He was the idol of his sick
wife and of her gentle and devoted
mother. Not without faults, his very
weakness endeared him the more to the
kind hearts who divined the sorrows of hla
life. All In all. let us say. a man more
sinned I against than sinning:, the sport of
unkindly fates, and to us at this time one
who should be the object of sincerest pitv
when we reflect what he was. what he
did and what In happier circumstance*
artist is established on two continents: it
is time for Americans to show a gentler
leellns toward the most unhappy reniua
t- "f s character was a stranjre compound
of attractive and repeMr.ff elements. Ho
was from the first proud, reserved and
self-centered. Yet he mingled easily with
the pleasures of his fellows— too easily
for his early excesses undoubtedly laid*
the foundation of habits which helped at
least to ruin hi* life. Yet ii hla excuse
it must be said that his physical constl
lu £? T a . 3^ itc unabI « to withstand the
slightest indulgence in alcohol. One glass
«aa sufficient. In the words of a college
mate, to do him up. and when under the
influence of liquor his whole personality
seemed changed. He became suspicious
quarrelsome and liable to strange delu
sions, under whose Influence he acted in
the most extraordinary fashion. He knew
his weakness and fought against it. and
his fits of excess were much less frequent
than is commonly supposed. But they
occurred more often in hia latter years.
moitWknown^"' unfortUi^ el y. that the
city, thinly clad and exposed to the chill
October air. He was carried to a hospital,
whose attendant physician afterward tes
tified that he found not the slightest odor
of liquor about him. Eut a violent fever
accompanied by delirium set in. and tha
worn-out body was unable to resist tho
attack. "Having become enfeebled from
exertion (during the delirium)." says th»
doctor, "he became quiet and seemed to
rest for a short time; then gently movin*
his head he said. f Lord. help my poor
soul, and expired." Another episode had
closed in that motley drama which angels
call the tragedy. "Man."
Few of those who knew Poe were insen
sible of the fascination of his personal ari^
pearance. He was somewhat over the
averap height, erect and with the unmis
takable stamp of West Point in hl3 bear-
i n n S i i £. Was °? m arked bodily strength
and In his youth quick at all athletic ex
ercises. In dress he was fastidious but
simple, wearing usually a black coat and
stock carefully brushed, but showing too
often signs of poverty that haunted him
throughout life. His curly black hair was
brushed back from a broad, high fore
head, his face was pale and Intellectual,
haggard in repose, but lighting up at tha
approach of friends. A short black mus
tache only half concealed the habitual
movement of his nervous mouth. But his
great charm lay in his eyes, steel-gray
with an iris that constantly contracted
and expanded, and shining with Intelli
gence and feeling from under the long
black eyelashes.
Will Be Recorded in History to Be Handed
Down to Future Generations.
WORK OF IRISH ELEMENT
IN BUILDING THE REPUBLIC
Matters of Interest to Mariners and.
Shipping Merchants.
The Norwegian steamer Horcia cleared yes
terday for Niuchwangr with 1500 bales cf hay,
valued at $2100. to be landed at Port Arthur.
Charters.
The Governor Roble loads lumber on Puget
Bound for Sydney, 62s 6d, prior to arrival: the
Holllswood, lumber and merchandise to'Free
mantle; the J. M. Colman, lumber from Eu
reka to Launceston, 72s 6(1.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, September 29.
Stmr Mlneola, David, S2 hours from Nanalmo.
• Stmr Sunol. Green, 21 hours from Needle
Rock.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 18 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bran.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen. 21 hours from Hardy
Creek. -'¦'.-¦¦.-. .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
MENACE TO NAVIGATION.
The Schooner John G. North Passes
Floating Wreckage at Sea.
The schooner John G. North came in
from Honoipu yesterday and report? pass
ing a floating mast last Tuesday. It ap
peared to have been from a small schoon
er or the topmast of a square-rigger. In
his report Captain Austin of the John G.
North says:
"On September 25, In latitude 36 37 north,
120 west, passed what appeared tc be a
broken mast in an upright position. It
showed up about ten feet above the sur
face. It was either the mast of a small
vessel submerged or else t^e topmast of
a square-rigger with yards and hamper
below water. Either supposition accounts
for the upright position of the mast."
The question now arises what vessel the
¦wreckage is from. Many vessels *vere off
port during last Sunday's nor'wester,
but to say that any one of them has gone
down would be mere speculation. Seafar
ing men seem to think that within the
next day or so a partially dismasted ves
sel will come« in and this mystery of the
ccean will be solved.
Hancock Ready to Sail.
The United States transport Hancock
will sail for Manila to-morrow. She wiil
carry a battalion of the Twenty-fourth
and another of the Twenty-fifth Infantry
(colored). All of these men are colored
save the officers. The vessel has been
loaded on a "hurry up" order and the
supplies have been rushed aboard. When
the vessel pulls away from the dock Chief
Officer Bruguiere will not be at his post.
His brother died yesterday and In order
to attend the -funeral Captain Bruguiero
will remain ashore and go out on the
Grant. ?
Water Front Notes.
The Kosmos liner Herodot will not carry
any passengers from this port. Among
her cargo will be 250 cases of dynamite.
She will take away in all about 3500 tons
of general cargo.
The collier Bristol goes to Hay &
Wright's yard next week to have new
decks put in. She Is to be thoroughly
overhauled and got ready for the winter
season.
John A. Flathman. well known on tho
front, who has been down with pneu
monia, is back on deck again. John hart
a close call, but after a month's siege does
not look much the worse for wear.
W. Donald, the assistant marine super
intendent of the Union Iron Works. Is
the proud and happy father of a bounc
ing daughter. The little woman Is to bo
christened Ruth Wyoming, the latter
name being in honor of the last warship
launched from the Union Iron Works, and
If she lives up to her promises she will
not only rival the Wyoming for good looks
but will equal her father in telling a
story.
The Alaska Commercial Company's St.
Paul sailed for Nome yesterday. She was ¦
loaded down with freight and carried
about twenty passengers. " .
The tug Columbia sailed from Coos Bay
vesterday with the new steamer Man
dalay in tow.
THE Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany has contracted for the con
struction of a splendid new
Btcamer for the Alaskan trade.
She will be 270 feet long, 40 feet
beam and 19 feet 6 Inches depth of hold.
She will carry 1350 tons of freight and coal
and will accommodate 162 first class cabin
passengers and 100 second class passen
gers. Everything in the equipment of the
vessel will be modern. She will be fitted
throughout with electric lights and elec
tric hoists, so that the Jar and discomfort
thai accompanies the discharging of cargo
by means of steam will be done away
with.
The new vessel is to be named the Spo
kane. Sh© will have three decks besides
the "texas." There will be two tiers of
staterooms. Tho after end of the upper
house will be used as an observatory. The
half-circle will be fitted with plate glass
and all the cabin passengers will be able
to view the glories' of an Alaskan sunset
without exposing themselves to the Arctic
climate.
Strange to say, the Spokane will be
fitted with a refrigerating plant. Game,
poultry and all kinds of dainties will be
put aboard the ship at Seattle, so that
those who go north on the Spokane may
enjey the best of fare.
The Spokane is to be built by the Union
Iron Works. The contract is let, and as
soon as the first torpedo-boat now under
construction is launched her keel will be
laid. In model she somewhat resembles
the Queen, but as far as accommodation
Is concerned she outclasses that vessel in
every respect.
The Spokane is to have a double bottom
and bulkheads that will prevent a dis
aster, no matter in what form the danger
comes. She is expected to easily make
fifteen knots an hour, and the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company expects to have
her in commission next summer.
probably with this end in view that ha
became engaged to Mrs. Whitman. Tho
engagement was brought about against
her better judgment by his passionate ap
peal, not so much for love as for rescue,
and was broken off after a dreadful scene
in which she confessed that she loved,
but dared not marry him. The two inci
dents have been distorted by Grlswotd
into the shameful slander that Poe visit
ed her house in such a state of Intoxica
tion that the police had to be called in.
He engaged about the same time In a
long and emotional correspondence with a
married woman to whom he addressed
the lines "For Annie," a poem which ex
presses as nothing else could do that
craving of the body for the repose of
death, which at this time dominated, th«
poet's mind. In the last weeks or his Ufa
even he seems once more to have formed
an engagement, this time with an old 1
friend in Virginia.
A certain mystery hangs over the causa
of Poe's death. The common story that
he died from the results of a drunken
spree seems to have no better authority
than Griswold's statement, and we havo
already sesn how little this person la to
be trusted. Mr. Sartain believes that he
was drugged and robbed by a pair of
rogues who were seen following him In
Baltimore. All we know is that he was
found unconscious in the streets of that
It is not the purpose of this article to
follow in detail the checkered life of Poe
in New York and Philadelphia. The hopes
with which he had come northward
proved false. He succeeded, it Is true. In
getting his longest story, the "Narrative
of Arthur Gordon Pym," printed by th«j
Harpers, but it attracted little attention
In this country, and. although the pirated
English edition proved very successful,
Poe never received a penny from thl»
source. He was reduced at one time to
the editing of a textbook on conchology,
a piece of bread-and-butter work over
whose originality there has been an ab
surd dispute. For his own original and
unique work he received at this time little
or nothing. The Harpers refused a collec
tion of his tales offered to them for noth
ing, as "too obscure and refined for the
public." Moxon in England refused Dick
ens' request to publish an authorized ver
sion of these stories. A Philadelphia firm
undertook their publication, allowing Poe
the munificent remuneration of twenty
copies for his friends. But they had cause
to regret their rashness, for we find them
a little later complaining that the work
had not returned them the expense of
publication. For such work as "Ligela"
he received from forgotten Baitimora
magazines $5 or 110 an article. He actc 1
as assistant editor on various periodicals
at the usual rate of $50 a month, includ
ing contributions; at one time. Indeed, he
estimated his pay for proofreading, re
vision, compilation and general superin
tendence at about $4 a week.
Poe never long retained his position on
the staff of a magazine, a fact uniformly
attributed to his bad habits. But not a
single discharge on any ground is re
corded against him, and two at least of
his employers were quick to take up his
cause against Griswold's defamation. But
it is very probable that Poe was not an
easy-going hack. Proud and shy, given
to brooding over WTong, real and imagin
ary, bitterly detesting the commercial in
fluences which then dictated the utter
ances of periodicals, he was restless in
harness and moved too readily from one
post to another. Throughout his l..e,
moreover, he cherished the idea of found
ing a magazine of his own, which should
be based upon merit and form the organ
for what he loved to call "The Aristocracy
of Letters."
A chance came to him at last when ho
obtained control of the Broadway Journal,
but the necessary funds for Its support
were wanting, and it broke down just as
it seemed on the point of success. Poe
has been ridiculed for his assertions of
what a magazine such as he had in mind
might be and do. ' But the truth Is he was
the first man in this country to recognize
the vast field that was opening .'or period
ical literature, and his own experience,
particularly on Graham's Magazine,
where in a year the circulation rose from
S000 to 40,000, made him sanguine of suc
cess. As an original writer Poe never re
ceived the recognition he merited; as an
editor he never obtained the opportunity
he desired. Small wonder that he became
gloomy, suspicious and pessimistic when
snarling rivals assailed him on every
side and one hope after another failed.
But Poe had a deeper and more Intimate
XIII.
(Concluded.)
STUDY OF POE: BY DR. T. M. PARROTT.
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
LITERARY TALKS AND REMINISCENCES,
?
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER SO, lwuu.
The Spokane-Will Be a Flier and a Veritable Floating
Palace-Will Be Built at Union Iron Works.
5PLENDID NEW PASSENGER
STEAMER FOR ALASKAN TRADE
28
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Steamer.
Destination.
Sail*.
Pier.
Santa Rosa San Diego Sep. JO, 11 am Pier 11
Herodot Hamburg Sep. 80, 10 am Pier 7
State of Cal Portland Sep. 30. 11 am Pier 24
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 30. 9 am Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 30, 2 pm Pier 9
PL Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 1, 2 pra Pl«r 2
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 1. 12 m Pier 13
City Rio J. Chlna&Japan Oct. 2. lpm PMSS
Coos Bay.. Newport Oct. 2, 9 am Pier 11
Barracouta New York Oct. 2, 13 m PMSS
*V. Kruger. TUlamook Oct. 2. R pm Pier 2
Empire ... Coos Bay Oct. 2, 10 am Pier 13
G. Dollar .. Grays Harbor Oct. 2. 6 pm Pier 2
Jfiua Humboldt Oct. 3. 4 pm Pier 2
Del Norte.. Portland Oct. 3, 8 am Pier 20
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 3. 10 am Pier 13
wT a w" Awlralla Oct - 3 « 9pm Pier 7
Walla W... Victoria Oct. 4. 11 am Pier 9
Corona .... San Dleeo Oct. 4. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia ..iPortland Oct. B. 11 am Pier 24
Newburs ..iGrays Harbor [Oct. 6
Bonlta ....jNewport |Oct. 6. 11 am Pler'24
Sun rises ' z~r:
Sun sets ° : "J
Moon 8et3 :::"":::::::::::.ioViVn: m
i I— Ipt. Il^lrt Ft | n "*U
*? '"I HI? f? ,» : S» »•* 2:59 Ts 10:26 ~<U
1 ... 6:57 4.1 10:27 3.S 4:04 4.8 11:23 0 6
2... I 6:S1 4.4 11:47 3.0 5:22 4 8
IL "W IH W L w H -W
8... 0:27 O.6| 7:37 4.7 12:S5 2.7 «•« <«
4... 1:201 O.fil 8:181 5.0 1:53 2 1 7 : S1 Jo
5... 2:0<l 0.7! 8:56| B.3 2:44 ij g-59 5?
6... 2:591 0.91 9:22| 5.4| 3:321 0-8 liw S^
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELL.YS FERRY.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1899. I 1900.
September 16
September 17
September 18
September 19
September 20
September 21
September 22
39S0 39S0
3980 39S0
39S0 3980
3980 39S0
3980 39S0
S9S0 39S0
3980 3980
STANISLAUS RIVER AT
OAKDALE.
| Second Feet.
DATE.
1399. I 1900.
September 16
September 17 j*
September 18
September 19
September 20 "
September 21 "j"
September 23..'.... "
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LJ
W E0
90 50
70 70
70 70
70 90
70 90
70 90
grange"
i
DATE.
Second Feet...
1899." 1900.
I'KCo. ToUl
anal. 1900.
Sept. 16 69 7 I*
Sept. 17 69 I?
Sept. 18 63 12
Kept. 19 69 . ' 1*
Sept. 20 69 V* 12
Sept. 21 64- 7 12
Sept. 22 39 15 \l
•S 8
12 12
12 12
12 19
12 19
12 27
BAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNI
ERNDOX.
Second Feet.
1599. I 1900.
DATE.
ISeconc
1899.
September 16.. *
September 17 *" "
September 18
(September 19 ••••---
September 20..: ','.'.'"
September 21 •••••¦
September 22
130
130 ;
130
100
100
100
100
"0 210
130 2io
130 210
100 HO .
100 igo
100 180
100 180
3UNTAIN'.
Second Feet.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNT.
DATE. _ SeCOnc
\ 1899.
~ — 1~
1899. ) 1900.
September 16
September 17
September 18 ..*|
September 19... \\\
September 20
Sf-ptember 21 "
September 22
215
215
215
180
215
180
180
215 ¦ 2S5
21o 283
180 250
215 230
180 230
180 215
Strainer.
F**>m.
Due.
Newburg (Grays Harbor
Coos Bay I Newport
Del Norte Portland
W. II. Kruger.. Tillamook
Mlnrola Xanalmo
Empire C003 Bay
I'rogrcso Tacoma
San Bias New York
Eureka Humboldt
Walla Walla... Victoria
Columbia Portland ,
Corona San Diego
Coqutlle River., rsrays Harbor.. :...".
Matteawan Tacoma
Tltanla Nanalmo
Luella Caspar.. r ....."
Iaqua Newport........ .;
Pomona Humboldt.................
Crescent City.. Crescent City.. |"
Ilonlta Newport
Umatllla Victoria.... "'
Point Arena.... Point Arena... .""'
Carlisle City ... China and Japan
North Fork .... Humboldt.:....
Santa Rosa .... San Diego
Arcata ......... Coos Bay .....'.'.'.'.'.
|Sep. 30
I Rep. 34
8ep. 30
Sep. 30
Sep. 30
Oct. 1
Oct. 1
Oct. 1
Oct. ]
Oct. J
Oct. i
Oct. 2
Oct. 2
Oct. 2
Oct. 2
Oct. 3
Oct. i
Oct. 3
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 6
Oct. «
Oct. 6
ADVEZ&TISiaXEirTS.
DESERVES IT.
Remarkable Success of a New Treat-
ment for Piles.
?k 1 '? 1 '*^ 81 *' 7 , year3 u has heen "upposed
that the Qnly absolutely sure cur» for
piles waa by surgical operation, but tho
danger to life and the pain and wepensa
has been so great that many thousands
suffer for years rather than submit to
this last resort: or they seek the tempo-
rary reller in the many remedies claimed
to relieve piles and rectal troubles salves
ointments and similar simple remedies
rar belief 6 ° n!7 Sl ' Sht and Ver> ' tempo *
A, new preparation, which is painless
and harmless, but which 3ffords imme-
diate relief and in many cases a complete
cure in a very short time, is sold bv drug-
gists under the name of Pyramid Pile
.Cure.
It Is In suppository form, used at night
and Its regular use has cured thousands
of obstinate, long-standing 1 cases, and It
seems to be equally effective in all the
various forms of piles, whether itchlnjr.
bleeding or protruding.
The Pyramid Pile Cure allays the In-
flammation and Intolerable Itching, re-
duces the tumors, and its astringent pro-
perties cause the enlarged blood vessels
to contract to a normal, healthy condition.
A Baltimore gentleman relates hia ex-
perience with the Pyramid Pile Cure in
these words:
"It affords mo unusual pleasure to add
my Indorsement to those of others rela-
tive to your really wonderful pile remedy.
I was a sufferer for years until told by a
fellow salesman of the Pyramid Pile Cure.
It has entirely cured me and I cheerfully
send this for publication if you wish to
use It in that direction. I wish you would
send me one of your little books on cause
and cure of piles, I desire to show It to
some friends. ' * a
Any pile sufferer may use the Pyramid
with certainty that It ¦ will give instant
relief and regular use a permanent cur«
and the still further certainty that it con-
tains no cocaine, morphine or metallic or
mineral poison.
All druggists sell Pyramid Pile Cur*. 50
cents for full sized treatment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"PROLONG LIFE"
Saj« Dr. Bennett, "And Rentore
M:; nh «»<»«! and Vitality by 'Means of
tin- Only Kr.llun.il Treatment.
I ;!«•«•! rl«-l t » ¦"* \ ti InliniK-ai'iinhlc
Arjcnment l«y tin* Etui uent Dlroov-
, rrrr of tho World-Famou* and Ex-
cluftively Patented Klectrlc Delt,
Which the Doctor Unttranteen to
I'ar* in Kvt-rjr Cane He Caution*
You That Him Sucre** Ha* Called
Out Innumerable Counterfeit* and
Wortlilen* Imitation*.
Have you robbed nature? Have you been
Indiscreet? Are you a whole, sound, heaJthy,
«tr<>n(?, vigorous man or. rTTf^.
woman? Uy Electric M /( X^^\
Belt is a foe to disease \ Vp*f" l Cb?^'\
In every form. Apply the JJirjiSlCwi/,!
Hfe-glvln* and llfe-sav- l>K52r /*¦ ' I
ins current and be bora /f*' / //CT' i'r-/\
•.gain. My licit corrects £ •'-'"s/ iV*' _> VI
the nervc-un and ghnoular V^-^MJTf* \
system* oi xr.en and V^^§55^^?f* il
women. Throw tnedidna / 1 i^ScJg53i?*5\5y» \
away — do not batter your V S jtr* 5^^-?iAvf *i m
stomach with druss. i /QtfllllWKii *.U I
Drue* cannot cure Owe I fl^\l'J!j ! !l'' tl: Ri. \
vrakr.esses. I have !•>?- ii (Vr//7 '{'Me I
tf-rc from 10,00 weak men | .»;: ;// \' t 'i'jiiy I
ar.d women whom my \\JT~<-«I«yK/ ItJ
U^lt has cured; they are W'T>/C?\rr'*ftt\
the best and etrongest s >^fvf22i&X\JtJ
erKtjnient of an anprve- *^f^K£y*fKCTy
L nted euccegs 1 can <-^^^sS>^ l^v/
differ. I guarantee abso- /tTvv ¦.*" •'¦AJwf
lute and unequivocal sat- ' V |T. ,'V V''V\\V,31 "
inaction in every case. j : l!|i\\wi\\vi'jf
If you have musused Na-- I |jj|i\\V\u jy
ttre you must ask Na- LliluluAitl
t'ire'e fonrlvenecs through
b« r greateet remedial agent — Electricity. Tou
will not be disappointed.
tR. BENNETT'S ELECTRIC BELT
Mr Electric Belt is entirely different from all
ethers and must not be confounded with them.
m>d gives more than four times the current of
ar.y other. It has soft, eilken. chamois-covered
Ipaesi water-chamber electrodes ttfat cannot
burn. and bliKter a? do the bare metaj electrodes
used on al! ether makes of belts. It has ir-.ter-
chst.geable battery cells and cmxi be renewed
wlien burned out for only 7jc: no other belt
can be renewed for any price, and when burned
out is worthless. My Electrical Suspensory for
>tlM perfect cure of men's ailments free to each
male patient. I absolutely guarantee my Kelt
to cure Rexual Impotency. L>oet Manhood. Vari-
cocele. Spermatorrhoea and all sexual weak-
nttre* lr. either sex; restore shrunken or unde-
veloped organs and vitality; cure Rheumatism
in every euise. Kidney. LJver and Bladder
Trouble*. <'hrcnic Constipation. Nervou« and
general Debility. Dyspepsia, aJl Female Com-
plaints, etc.
Some concerns cover the bnre
netal electrodes nnd tiny tber
arc like mine. Do not be
bonied. Rotli the electrode* nnd
rt nevt'fng' feature of mr licit are
patented. letter* patent .Von. 33.1,044
and <;."{;. T'.'.'.i, nnd nre n*ed on no
otlier electrical appliance tban my
Ilelt. I cu.-ininloi- mr llelt to lnmt «
life line nnd the enrrent never di-
irJnlfch. If yon Iinve one of the old
rtylr bc!t» thnt barn* and Miftternt,
or crive* no current* or in linrned out
rarsttve, or If you nre nfrnld of
the vcrdlKrim on the bnre metal
electrode*, «end It to me a* half pay-
ment «f one of mine. Ilctrnre of
"I-'ree Trial*** nnd "Pny When
Cured** concern*. I will show yon
Hie trick.
CaU or write to-flay. Sacredly .confidential.
I have written a book. "The Findlngr of the
F-mntain of Eternal Touth." Piat will tell you
nil about It. Sent free, post fm id. fcr *-he ask-
i'C Advice and consultation without cost.
Bold only by
Os- Son naff E-ectric
h Ufjimoll Belt Co.
Itoomn S and O, 47 Pont St., San Fran-
Cisco. Cal. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The garments which we show in our suit department have
all the style and finish of suits made to order, and the fit is
made perfect before a single one is allowed to go out
We place on sale Monday morning and for the rest of the
week the following specials: •
Ladies' Tailor-Made Suits, navy J Ladies' Plaid-Lined Golf Skirt, in-
and black broadcloth, short satin verted plait, felled seams, stitched
lined walking jacket of the latest cur, around bottom, navy and brown
trimmed with four rows of satin only. Easily worth $4.00; on sale
bands, straps and small cloth cov- this week for
ercd buttons to match; skirt has in- *»«•» -***
verted plait in back, trimmed with » 3>OsUU
five rows satin bands, straps and Ladies' Poplin Silk Waist, tucked
flounce effect on bottom. A very ef- on front and sleeves, fancy cross
fective costume, usually sold for stitched on front, sleeves, collar and
$30.00. cuffs, and trimmed down front with
OUT Price Only $22.50 narrow velvet bands and steel
I •¦riirV Tailor "\farf*. Suit m-,,u buckIes ; colors red, turquois. old
w^Toubfc-brii,^ fhori E?oS r0 "' »= *'«.".• «*• . „ M
jacket. silk serpe lined, hand- Our PriCe S5.OO
n^ C H e h,,ftnn« ?JSf4 A La^«' Taffeta Silk Waist, hand-
ne^t cuit y J VCI " y so™* tucked a11 ovcr and I 11 ™*
-L _ . pointed effect in front and trimmed
Our Price $12.00 with small covered buttons. Colors
Ladies' Plaid-Lined. All- Wool saI ? c as above. A very handsome
Golf Skirt, inverted plait, felled waist.
seams twelve rows of stitching This Week $7.5O
around bottom. Colors liprht and
dark gray and brown.
/\ M i,, at: f\f\ Goods delivered free to all parts of
Uniy 99iOO the city and to a! I bay t wasROOSEVELT GREETED
IN THE MIDDLE WEST
THE GERMAN AMERICAN: "THE ACT WOULD BE VERT AMUSING
IF THE FEET DID NOT STICK OUT."
—St. Paul Pioneer Press.
A penalty Is prescribed for breaking the
aRreement to maintain rates and it Is a.
line amounting to the entire proceeds of
the transaction by which the rules aro
broken. As now framed, the agreement
Is on a basis west of the Missouri River.
but the Santa Fe Is still fighting to hav»
the territory extended to Chicago, St.
Louis and New Orleans.
to give notice of independent action and
the other lines Interested may give notice
of meeting the competition caused by the
action of the line presenting the matter.
The agreement further provides that dis
tribution of the proceeds of military traf
fic among the lines shall be left to Chair
man E. McLeod of the "Western Passen
ger Association west-bound and to the
Santa Fe and Southern Pacific east
bound.
Will Be Submitted Monday at a
Meeting of the Lines Interested \
in Chicago.
CHICAGO. Sept. 29.— A definite plan of
organization for the proposed transcon
tinental association has been arranged ar
ticle by article, and will be submitted to a
vote of the lines Interested at a meeting to
be held Monday.
The outline of the plan Is practically the
same. as. that of the Western Passenger
Association. " The articles provide for a
chairman and for the- maintenance of
rates in all the territory west of the river.
It is provided that whenever any line, a
member of the association, has. ground for
desiring to grant a special rate it shall
not be done until the proposition Is pre
sented to the association and voted upon.
In case of its being negatived the line
making the proposition then has the right
PLAN DBAFTED FOB
' TRAFFIC AGREEMENT
May Be Accomplished.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29.— The Times-Herald
to-morrow will say: Senator William A.
Clark of Montana yesterday consummated
plans for the building of the Los Angeles
and Salt Lake City Hallway. Senator
Clark has been staying at the Annex since
Thursday last, but' remained over another
day to consult with Salt Lake City and
Los Angeles capitalists.
Another chief promoter is R. C. Kerens
of St. "Louis. Besides Mr. Clark and Mr-
Kerens the participants in the conference
were A. "W*. McCune of Salt Lake and Sen
ator Clark's brother, J. Ross Clark of Los
Angeles.
Senator Clark admitted the truth of the
story, but said the consultation had not
determined upon any -finalities and that
the facts were not yet in a state for pub
lication.
R. C. Kerens went further, stating that
the new Los Angeles and Salt Lake City
Hallway, absorbs the franchise and prop
erty of the Los Angeles Terminal com
pany. This provides for the entrance of
the new railway into the Southern Cali
fornia metropolis. The Mormon church
has practically promised a terminal site
in the Utah capital, and Pioneer Square,
a tract of ten acres in the center of the
city, will be turned over to the railway
for its passenger and freight stations.
Between the termini the whole un
opened Southwest will be spanned. - Tha
Sierra Nevadas will be pierced through
one of the southern passes, and the su
premacy of the Southern Pacific Rail
way, hitherto unchalJdnged on the Pa
cific Coast, will be effectually broken at
least in Southern California. The death
of Collia P. Huntington removed the last
obstacle to the,, success of the * Clark-
Kerens syndicate.
The construction will require $25.000,0<X>
in expenditure. The syndicate has In Its
eye a vast commercial development.
Southern Utah and Eastern Nevada
"contain coal and the beat iron ore. besides
the precious metals. The region will some
day be the Pennsylvania of the West.
Said R. C. Kerens :
"We contemplate a second Illinois Steel
"Works there. We mean to make the Iron
"and steel for the entire Pacific "West.
Surveys have revealed the richness of the
country through Which we shall pass In
the useful metals, and we purpose to es
tablish great smelters and metal works."
It. C. Kerens, One of the Projectors
of the New Railway, Tells What
PLANS TO DEVELOP
THE GREAT SOTJTHWEST
HAZLETON, Pa., Sept. 29.— All negotia
tions between G. B. Markle & Co. and
their employes are . off, and arbitration
has received Its first serious blow In the
present struggle between j the miners and
mine-owners. To-night the committee of
employes which presented grievances to
the firm sent the following communica
tion to John Markle, the managing part
ner of the firm: :
WVe, the undersigned, committee of em
ployes of G. B. Markle & Co., appointed
to arrange for arbitration' under the
agreement between the firm and the men.
do report that the agreement is broken by
the employes.".
Much Interest was felt in the arbitra
tion plan of the Markles, it being believed
that' other individual operators and possi
bly the big railroads which have mining
interests would follow suit if the plan was
successfully carried out. ..
- A member of the firm, when seen lato
to-night; said:
"It looks very much as if it Is all up.
There is no other way to look at it."
NEWTORK, Sept 29.— W. J. Bryan will
speak one hour at the Convention Hall in
Saratoga October 18. David B. Hill will
preside. Miv-HlU will also preside at the
meeting in Albany October 17, at which
lit. Bryan will speak.
WHERE NEGOTIATIONS ARE OFF
Bryan to Speak at Saratoga.
Resolved. .That we unqualifiedly denouncs
the willful and malicious manufacture and
circulation of false and wholly imaginary ru
mors and reports which are made for the pur
pose of influencing the political action of tha
people and whose only effect can be to injure
and -reflect discredit upon the good name and
standing of the commonwealth. . We protest
against the men who so recklessly and wan
tonly slander and malign our people for a sup
posed political advantage and reproach a cause
that requires resort to such an infamy to
secure success.
DENVER, Sept. 29.— At a large meeting
at the, Broadway theater to-night held
under the auspices of tha Arapahoa
County Democracy, resolutions were In
troduced by Governor C. S. Thomas and
passed concerning- the Incident "at Victor
recently during the visit of Governor
Roosevelt and party. After stating that
tl»e "disorder was provoked b'y tha pres
ence and aggravated and continued by
the conduct of Senator E.O. Wolcott."
and that "during the progress of Gov
ernor Roosevelt and his party to the
depot a fight took place between certain
Republicans who mistook each other for
disturbers of the peace," the resolutions
continue:
sault on Roosevelt.
Action Taken at Denver on the As-
I have no doubt how this campaign will end.
I see on every side the proof that Justice will
triumph now, as It has always triumphed In
this country- I cannot believe that a republic
Is in danger that is built upon all the virtues
which humanity has developed and which i3 in
itself the supreme outcome of Christian civili
zation. That all men are equal before tho law
Is the natural fruit of Christianity. It will
remain while Christian civilization, enlightens
the world and stimulates the heart of man.- As
long as man is destined to Justice, to progress.
as lone as his eye Is fixed upon the eternal
truths of heaven the flag of this country,
typifying justice, the constitution which it se
cures, inseparable, Indestructable and Invin
cible, shall remain linked together, forever and
forever. : •
REPUBLICANS ARE KLAKLED.
He maintained that if the gold standard
Is not secure now it could never be made
secure by the election of a Republican,
In conclusion he said:
BOISE, Idaho. Sept. 29.— The Populist
executive committee, by a vote of 3 to 2,
decided to place Democratic • candidates
for Governor and Attorney General On the
Populist ticket. They offered to file the
nomination "of Frank W. Hunt for Gov
ernor, but it was refused by tho Secretary
of State on the ground that there was not
sufficient showing of authority of the
committee to make the nomination. 'They
also again offered to file the nomination
for Democratic Elector Rich, but It was
refused for the same. reason. .
Idaho's Democratic Tangle.
Resolved, That wo also deplore the folly that
Induced the Republicans of Colorado to pro
voke disorder by bringing Governor Roosevelt
to this city under the auspices of the cordially
detested traitor and renegade. Senator Edward
o. Wolcott.
COLOBADO DEMOCRATS ACT.
Deplore the Treatment Accorded
Koosevelt at Cripple Creek.
VICTOR. Colo., Sept. 29.— The Teiler
County Democratic Convention and the
Democratic Club of Victor adopted the
following resolutions unanimously:
Whereas. Governor Roosevelt and party were
not received in Victor with the tolerance and
courtesy due to the .Governor of a sister State;
Resolved. That we, 'the Democrats of Victor,
in convention assembled, condemn the spirit of
intolerance and discourtesy exhibited on that
occasion and disavow all responsibility for the
disturbance of the speakers in a public hall
and for the subsequent violence Indulged In by
members of the Republican Marching Club;
further
The Republican candidate offers us profes
sions of morality -which are the most unex
ceptional. We find him shooting down peo
ple in the Eastern islands and professing the
utmost affection for them and the utmost re
gard for their prospects. Ho tells us that ¦ he
Is opposed xo Imperialism, and yet he is seek
ing to establish a government at once arbi
trary and of unlimited powers. He affects to
resent the asertion that be is introducing
militarism Into the United States, and. yet we
find the army has been quadrupled during his
administration ¦ and a policy established which
will lead to further armament if it should be
successful at the polls.
Stated in Us very narrowest compass, the
issue before the American people is the right
of this Government to seize distant territory
and. govern It against the will of its inhabi
tants, not under, our constitutional govern
ment, but through offlce-hoiders to be named
by the President, who will administer ¦ their
functions outside the constitution, and Inde
pendently of its limits. Now, I apprehend
there can be no difference between a Re
publican and a Democrat as to the statement
at issue. On the one side tho Republican*
contend, inasmuch as the extra constitutional
powers -are to be exercised outside the United
States, imperialism, bo far as this country is
concerned, Is not an issue of this campaign
and they go on to say that even if it were dan
gerous they would still - be bound ; to vote for
it, because to defeat it by the election of the
Democratlo candidate would be to bring about
a money panic and that would be too great a
price to pay for the security of democratlo in
stitutions. Now, to that the Democrats an
swer that such a policy, would be in violation
of the principles that Bovernment' derives it
Just powers from the consent of the governed
and that it would be Infamous to repudiate in
our hour of strength ' the principle which we
invoked in our hour of weakness. ..They con
tend further that despotic or arbitrary powers
cannot be connrled to officers of a republican
government without, j endangering I the Integrity
of democratic - institutions. And, . lastly, . they
contend that 8lnc& republican government is
shown by the . history of the world, since I the
establishment of this Government, to have been
the fountain of the greatest prosperity, that
mankind ever enjoyed, its preservation can
not ¦ endanger prosperity, but must contribute
to Its permanence and to Its growth. .
CHICAGO, Sept 29.— "W. Bourke Cock
ian of New York, in opening his Western
campaign itinerary hero to-night, spoke
to an audience that crowded the Coliseum,
built to seat 12,000 persons. The speech
was made under the auspices of the Anti
imperialistic League and attracted thou
sands who were unable to enter the au
ditorium. The crush at the doors when
Mr. Cockran, accompanied by Mayor Har
rison and others, arrived was so great
that scores of men and women fainted,
and both Mr. Cockran and Chicago's ex
ecutive were jostled and .half ' suffocated.
United States Senator Jones and his wife
were caught in the throng and only by
heroic efforts was Mrs. Jones rescued
Irom injury. V ,» ,
Mayor Harrison introduced Mr. Cock
ran who immediately began an attack
on the expansion policy of the Gov
ernment. He said in part:
Addresses a Large Audience
in the Coliseum at
Chicago.
BOURKE COCKMN
ON IMPERIALISM
epoke to 500 persons at the station. At
Fort Atkinson a stop of thirty minutes
was made, both candidates being loudly
cheered. At Waukeshaw an hour a stop
was made and addresses made to 400 per
sons at the station.
The special will leave Milwaukee at 4:5o
Sunday morning, arriving in Chicago at
7:30 o'clock. ¦
BRYAN MAKES NUSTE SPEECHES.
Spends Many Hours in Talking to
,the Farmers.
CROOKSTON', Minn.. Sept. 29.— Mr.
Bryan tp-day explored the valley of the
Red RfrW of the North, traversing this
rich agricultural section from Wahpeton
to Grafton and turning back from Grafton
to Grand Forks, then started eastward
and reached this place at 7:15 o clock to
night. He made nine speeches again to
dav and several of them were again more
than an hour in length. The first stop of
to-dav was made at the little town or
Hankinson and from that point on there
was speaking at intervals throughout trie
day and until 10 o'clock to-night. All the
speeches were made in North Dakota ex
cept that of to-night at this place, for.
although the special train on which Mr.
Bryan traveled ran during the greater
nart of the day within sight of Minne
sota it crossed the line only once prior
to the final departure and then no speak
ing was indulged in. The speeches were
cenerally addressed tc farmers and Mr.
Bryan spoke to them as a farmer. Ths
weather was again good, but at place3
was somewhat too breezy for comfortable
outdoor speaking. Between Grand I<ork3
and Grafton some one carried off Mr.
Bryan's best hat, supposedly as a sou-
V£ \Ir Bryan was received at Grand Forks
by a" crowd which Jlllcd the athletic park
crounds He spoke there for more than
one hour and the crowd which heard him
was so enthusiastic that at tho closo of
hi« speech a number of young men un
hitched the horses from his carriage and
themselves drew the vehicle back to ths
train. •_
The first stop after leaving Madison ¦was
at Jacksonville, where the; candidates
MILWAUKEE, Wls., Sept. 29.— John G.
Woolley and Henry B. Metcalf, Prohibi
tion candidates for President and Vice
President, concluded a. ten days' tour of
the Northwest with a well-attended rally
here to-night. The meeting was held at
Lincoln Hall, about 1300 persons being
present. •;-•, ... -¦
dressed by Woolley and
\::-:\ Metcalf.
Mass Meeting at Milwaukee Ad-
RALLY OF PROTTTBITIOiaSTS.
Please accept my thanks for your kindly ex
pressions of pocd will, which are appreciated.
Sincerely yours, WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Senator Hanna's speech consumed twen
ty minutes.
Ad<3$esses a Meeting of the Commer
cial Travelers' Club.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— Benator Hanna
talked to the Commercial Travelers' Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt Club at noon to
day. B. F. Cory, deputy. naval officer of
the port, presided and Introduced the
speakers. Ferd Ziegel, president of the
dub. read a letter he had received from
President McKinley, which was as fol
lows:
My Dear Fir: I have your letter of the 21 st.
telling of the work you are (Join*, and send
greetings to you and the members of your
club.
HANNA SPEAKS AT NEW YORK.
Here a shout for Bryan was heard.
Cries of "Put him out" and shouts for
McKlnley were made. Mr. Roosevelt con
tinued:
"Xo, let him ehout for Bryan and Agul
naldo until he is black in the face, but
for heaven's sako do not let him mention
General Funston in connection with
either."
"I fail to see how in this town there
can be any man to fight against th«
honor of the United States flag."
"It is with very peculiar pleasure that I
am able to stop and extend a word of
greeting to 'Iola, the town that gave to
the honor roll of the United States as gal
¦iant a soldier as ever wore Uncle Sam's
uniform— General Funston.
CHANUTE, Kans., Sppt. 29.— Governor
Roosevelt's train reached Iola at 11
o'clock this morning. He spoke for a few
moments from the rear platform of • the
car. He said:
At Fort Scott, Kans., Gov. Roosevelt
addressed a meeting for three-quarters of
an hour, dwelling- upon the issues of mili
tarism, imperialism and expansion. At
one point in hia more than ordinary im
pas. ioned e address he exclaimed: "I feel
as if I were approaching a crusade. I
don't feel as If this were an ordinary
political, contest. I feel that I have a
riphr to appeal to the manhood of every
American as we appealed to It in the days
of the Civil War.- I ask you to stand with
us -for the pake- of the orderly liberty
which Is 'the corrferstone of this republic
and for the sake of preserving the na
tional prosperity which we have now at
tained/'.
At Cherry-vale, Chanute, Parsons, Cher
okee, Weir City, Pittsburg, Pleasanton,
i'aola and Olathe short stops were made,
and at ;ome places where no stops were
made at ail considerable crowds assem
bled on the platforms of the stations to
cheer the train as It passed.
which continued for three-quarters of an
hour. He called attention to the prosper
ity of the country, contrasting the eco
nomic conditions now with 'what they
were four years ago. He dwelt somewhat
upon the prophecies of Mr. Bryan and
Fhowed how those prophecies had not
come to pass. On the whole the welcome
and demonstrations at the two meetings
and on the streets was something seldom
Witnessed anywhere.
Governor Itoosevdt will spend Sunday
at the Midland Hotel. He will attend the
Dutch Reformed Church in the morning
and In the afternoon will take a gallop
into the country with some friends. He
will see no callers and attend no func
tions. He will rest and sleep and prepare
for his Nebraska tour during the coming
week.
f «- ANSAS CITY.'Mo.. Sept. 29.—Im
g^r ¦ mediately upon the arrival of tho
I^L Roosevelt special train at this
JL place this evenJngr the Qovernor
was ¦ escorted to 6hawnee Park,
in Armourdale, Kans., where an immense
open-air meeting? was held. On being in
troduced' to the vast assembly an organ
ized effort was made by a larg-e number
of men and boys on the edge cf the crowd
to prevent his making a speech. Cries
and interruptions were frequent during
the first moments. Each interruption was
followed with hard hits from the speaker
until quiet was restored, and the greater
part of his speech was listened to in re
spectful silence.
On the conclusion of bis Armourdale ad
firess Governor Roosevelt was driven to
Convention Hall, where an audience- was
assembled which for numbers and respect
ability of appearance Is seldom faced by
& campaign speaker. The auditorium was
filled and there was not a vacant eeat in
the galleries nor standing room anywhere.
Tir,e seating- capacity of this hall is said
to be 22,000. Although the people had been
waiting from 7 o'clock until ten minutes
after 10, their enthusiasm was undlmin
i<=h»*d and their patience unexhausted.
"When Governor Roosevelt mounted the
pletform he -was greeted with a storm of
applause which lasted for at least twenty
minutes. Order being at last restored,
the. Oovenror proceeded with his address.
Convention Hall at Kansas City Crowded.
Hoodlums Again in Evidence.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1900. /
29
ADVEKTISZMENTS.
"Breaks up"
Grip and Influenza.
The use of "Seventy-seven" during
September, October and November .se-
cures immunity from Grip and Colds all
Winter long.-
Dr. Humphreys' famous Specific,
"77," restores the checked circulation,
indicated by a chill or shiver, the first
sign of taking Cold, starts the blood
coursing through the veins, and "breaks
up" the Cold. ;.
"77" consists of a small vial of pleas-
ant pellets: fits the vest pocket.
Doctor bodk mailed free.
At drurrista, or sent for, 25c:
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co., Cor.
Will! am & John Bta.. - New York. " -
Buyers will have the sin . Never before has Frisco had such a Ribbon sale as this. This ribbon is
of wastefulness on their ftXS^ the best quality TaiFfeta Ribbon made. "IJt is of high luster and extra heavy silk,
consciences if they ignore c wQ They have not been stolen, although the extremely low. price would indicate
the offerings we present '. such. All the new fall shades, including black.
this week. Width 40 13O Width 60.... ... 17C Width 80.. 2OC
Another Fel1 Is Almost Here if You Want an Ideal Form Why Not Walk Erect?
¦ fi II I 1 Is in * Hosiery • * n< * Y° u Will Need Some See Rosenberg's New Mane Antoinette You can if you will wear the Adrienn§
U fW Olferinq. Flannelette Gowns. Straight-Front Corset. Brac ° ' Women dna
u \! lip ilSfl i! HERE IS TOUR OPPORTL/AifT. Made of best imported sateen, rustproof dipf'^i nef>d such a brace ns this:
I \>/B mtuWiui • 25c Hose Now t ahtf 1^' ttiakkptfttp rnxwes front bteel, double side steels, bias cut. 3**^'? il - s one of the ' vra - ntil of
R^J#»P 'I '!""£« liso L B DIES i^KNEI.E^ E UN- .™^ M *:'.?.? C ?." Sl.00 /^M W- "^"*
Sf ImP^pSS %^J'M^J«m-.*» f £»«t pJVuvian DKRSIvIRTS, made of striped tennis O^^I Alr\ and is Invaluable to auf-
*«fflS^fl M , nn douhlP flannel, with umbrella flounce, full OQ r : ferers of weak back '
MBw WMHll I hecl 0 s?toes° U a b nd "I«h. well made and.well sewed... lT , s TnuE .... XWgJ roun^ shouMe^an^ul-
llilSIJi I t\x}!l 1 fern's t o 81 9% 3 Wonders Never Cease at Rosenberg Is Always Showing /fifr§\ f t k & m^^of a "hook d an?i
" h « °S5uSe Rosenberg's. Someth.ng New. / * g&J&y jSSSf Si!
X mail hlw LADIES' SILK waist, This time It's the delicate organs of the body, also
Is8il535=! «! ! jPPwW. > v," ,./ nrJaJprt -\Tnrfa of hpst anft-flnishpri taffflti Rllk j«§W- NEW CYCLIST or the wearer a military carriage.
B^ES^Sf *«™^g^Bk I 5! r^rlv ££h- A^altt that will wear and I su « -TO' <^ lf CORSET; for Leading physicians aay if children would
M ffiaSr^kiti^i itSUlk ' %i ° r S at LhI n^ t,X Hn«i thrnS' \V case, grace and com- wear the Adrienne Brace consiunptlon
H^l«n #Pk' \ Nl ¦ ?nVn£n g flMre^ r^ ?Lw^aH «?nM 'inclufl A- N>« fort it has no equal. would be unknown in the future. They
Hl)K^ X S^T^w . Satisfaction Guaranteed j3>\ SS?..* «S b^ '" "
1 1 1 Llii '¦Hull ' ' ' 1 1 Li \L L Jj- !!¦¦ I. ] ¦ i'Pmi y hit wihi N. lUC. ;.;:'¦ • Wnen Buying a • hlp3 and rust P rcof Wonderful Values in Our
V\ % v^\ Peau de Soie Waist, /d^^^^s 6o eel accS?ate s iy am lvfr Muslin Undenvear Dept.
In Our" Hn<SIPrv and KnittpHX A Made 'of best quality Peau de Sole silk. /7/X\| ffiT\\ thaVSfu do not Sal- They comprise
III «Ur llUblCry ana l\nitiea \ CS^ >v tucked back, front and sleeves; trimmed {^|»1($X}1 |ze that you have ex- /5^ CHEMISE. DRAW-
I nriPrVVPflr flpnortrnpnt \- v-^vV wlth cr ystal buttons; fancy stock, new . 11 fi^wSr 1 1 chanced the old cor tt/^rM*^ /} ERS.GOW7fS.COR-
tlliuerwedr Vepurimeni,. V Bleeves,= lined throughout: colors, pink, \ V/7^0V JJ sef for i new ona fr*f\V /A SET COVERS and
S00 LADIES' COMBINATION : SUITS, \ -*-<J>lX blue, lavender and white. This $5.50 To make this corset A^*W SKIRTS, all xnade of
made of extra fine Peruvian cotton, high s »-->*^^X"weeks offering v*j»sJ\j more popular wo will sell them C| HA U<\><1 U« \1^v best muslins and
neck, long sleeves, ankle length, neck fin- V ' this week for 5I.UU xVSl.pys* finest Nainsooks.
ished with lace and silk braid. V • -^V Child's forSft Wflist i^m^tiSz;'*' Bom *. «•> slishtly
You will scarcely believe that we sell \ V^ i^v\ V.IIIIU » V>UI SCI TTOI3L. fcfj^S K V 1^> solled from beln ?
this garment at this price, but OQ r * \ iQX Made of best coutll, well |]mhrpl!a«; ' ¦' lY$W?/tW 'Cfr^ , na^led or displayed
come and bo convinced OUC X -^.^v sewed perfect nttinp, cut UIIIUI CliflSi j \¥c^i\\y^2J\lJi f n- the window.
¦ X O O <*C^V so as to give the requisite DON'T WAIT UNTIL. IT RAINS TO S^ W*^^&5 CORSET COVt.v3.
\\t L /\ m. t . i j. \ -^N -^ L\ fullness over the hips PURCHASE YOUR UMBRELLA, then . / -n^x^vg 1 ~V£X
We Are Overstocked JUSt •> \ 'io^icw \ without seam or gore: buy in a.rush and pay double the price. I t^t f %*!$$ QW^S£?meT«ft '
¦n-.r^ t /i. • -n-,,1. om, ,. , - . \ NX V^ X buttons are sowed hue buy now while you have the oppor- "^S.^JGkS r-r\\?v-a vT *!
I Ladies' White Sllkollne Vests, and Think I X l\\ *> n wlth ta P e - tunltv to- buy for almost half. GOWNS, embroidery
rather than keep them over till next, year I III"** X X VJL^v This week's price, 325 Ladies' and Gents' Umbrellas, made Tf „„ f0 , h *," d B SSJ^H^SS?
we will close them out at half price. sfx ¦ _ _ _ X *^. "^7>\ O f best fast black Italian twill cloth steel If y( L u antl c J P a * e buying muslin under-
They ara made of best wlute silkollne. 50c LaCe \ "5- -^ '«fc-^X 9C r rod i paragon i frame Congo wood handle we ?^ her l 1 a £\? nce ,? ot to be over *
low neck, no sleeves, neck and sleeves , o X -£*?<**- -*^X. C ' GemM I silver^trimmed: w» do noTex- iooktiL. Sale, O'Farrell street entrance.
taD^ e s^i^?lhhS W 2n^ hl S UBh .'S I i tl J.?i 11 ? Selling for 8C. X -^>V ag S wheV™y yoS toe pLd
rffid^trontr'ouf ''Sffiigf^" 1000 yards Black Chan- \ «$? " "^..'Z.?™.*?..™ 75C Take a Notion and BUY •
R Faultless Rtting - ¦ -rFC l^ IZ: n
AND GET BARGAINS NOW. as you will _..;..... .A*. OC \ <<V vJ\ W^ict Best quality STEEL SAFETY PI N3
pay more for them when you need them. X \ %- ""^LiX. OIIH U TTOlaU ;» c doz.
65 dozen LADIES' CASHMERE HOSE, m , _. ,. X Cl— CT^ *"^*r^v Ladles* wool waist made of Book Pins, black and white assorted
made of best Australian yarn, full length Ynil hnilhlo Your Dollars \ V^* Y^>» <N^\ belt & -wool fSSfnel "Z"Cr m l mi iruii ; •¦•.".c a book:
double heel and double toes. The 9 R r T0U uouuie ¦ UUI uu ' '"'„,_ \ vL* >—^-^ \\ ticked back fullfront Cabinet Hairpins, four packages pins in
bargain of the- season if YOU BUY AT ROSENBERG'S SUIT \ <^~ . «X X tucked DacK. lull iront. cabinet.................... Sc a cabinet
DEPARTMENT, second floor. O'Farrell X x \ i ?t-% detachable col'- Knitting Silk, all colow lie ball
-^ hi 4- l\ k * street entrance. '^ \ O. \ "^•rjVotaS brown! Best quality stocWnet dress 8hie].i3
*|1^ Not Dreams, but B Tjg P XyiS A tKt G \ \
,P^ Solid FeCtS. {3$b> lo^SiiS'wffl^W";. \ <S^C^ \ are wonier/. -'cZ^"i^:toit£i^3&?.2£
,'2PLy--£tL rn TTPiTnrp nr>Aa ,.- I can be bought here for half X — -, ¦ \ ior __ ural wood handles, all sizes 4c «ach
Wmk ln?hes E .™™ E rn R adf°-t S t,« U^J th= . ,,rlcc llscwhere il«>; V O- -JT. \ SI.35. nuaut y .<„,„ aMI hair,,;,,
MWh irssrfi^Sa^k Y» & SSffi r SU Jjcd store \ ~^< - \ SRi?:*Ei*^~^ E r l
V\S»J. '^F-* an article that will kocD its U^lX/n 1^ bottom, welted scams, In- N. ¦^^^ "V Dinain^, »<• j ard
3 TM^^J/ J rem f'y l° w Pf,^ e w« r ««k lit for this skirt complete dr V Process and mad© X 4^-^ \
I WJm itfii 'noidWo"/ wnh tr fh c e M \ w. *SS %? wS" jgfos to look like . .^.T.Vsc pair \ \ Ladies' Gingham
in / VlY 1 manufacturer, consequent- -i advertise. , «*- *- -v X. •
I / $$ s ii^'h%\tT hlc i^ <&* T aio^A^^u?i: c fOrt « f ' \ "CL^n X A P rons -
5 " J#5U SELLING TH^^E^^^O.OO Sto P .at. \ \ Bro^.
I Rosenberg's Gloves-the " * I Lace Counter \. -^ \
I WorJd's Best. Our Petticoat Values Are J"£ th n a s t^ a Si o r.iiS r ?S.\. ..^ \ <^ X I2jc
The name is "PERFECTION." None Winners. oc a jar x^^ O^-^V" —^ "^*^CX
|fg^g^||W^ JVS*^V£$&£$£F. FREE '.FREE! \^^O X
P They are made of. be^t picked French silk mo^n. with 12-lnch^raduat^ng German silver Initials on purses \V^ <^"*V f f" \
S skins, 3-cIasped fasteners, new stitched accordion P} e^^ «!«£» fl'm in^ c« flnTshed free this week. Ladles' combination purse X^— *-9 V^— "** «v \J X X.
! back; a glove that wlh not 'rip, being- pinked edsed d ust ruffle • « oun ~ t £ nls^ "nd pocketbook. made of best quality -of X^T X C S^ v X
m^^m^4P^^^ Sri^'rB^iS^.^ SM;lLfe il «^4" Aaent vi- —^ \
I M^|||£j|||§ SI.50 f? 98 «»«-- "«?-AJ!5B.*V3c for the vCr "^5
"¦ m, In Our Skirt g^- Genuine La V^Ta^
I JB\ 5KS»y£S&. % Cut. oXJJlA jXKJO JjilDJjAUr FittedFREE V-"^
I ¦JSfiTK.-aS Q«6 MARKET STREET. \O^
| >tes^^ s ' tasih. aih «- $| i2 5 } t «,7.«25C Running Through to 11 0'Farrell St. Mail Order, Solicit,* demonstrators. \^Z/
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures
Goitre
Remarkable Discovery That Cures
This Dangerous aad Disngurlng
Disease Without Pain, Opera-
tion or Inconvenience.
TRIAL PACKAGE SENT FREE
t)r. John P. Hale, a well-known Cincinnati
jihyfieian. has had marvelous success with a
lernfdy that carp? Goitre or Thick N<h'k AnJ
owira; to the fact that most suScrers believ;
lire. Lillian Brown, who was entirely cured of
Goitre after suffering for 22 years.
Ooitre Is incurable T>r. llaig *end« a free trial
rackage cf his discovery *° that patients may
try «nd know positively that Goitre can be
cured et home without pain, danger, operation
or any fnconvjiiience. Smd your name and a<i-
<1rP»« to I>r. iThn P. Hai*. 21i Glenn Building.
« iTM-iRnatl. Ohio, and he will forward the treat-
irent postage prepaid. lx» not fail to get this
»<>ndf-ful remedy. In Bombay, India, CO, 000
rati*nt* in that Infwted district were cured
with tl:li« *ame rerrWy. and- wherever used its
*uo*-r«»£ liaf been marvelous. '-. _¦'
Write at once, wnd naine and address to-day.
»nd Dr. Haig will be glad to send you a tna.
package of the remedy free. Do not delay.
t-rojSG w=»o <r:i-i~v.
Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practice of many years in
China, has located In San
Francisco. The surprising: and
marvelous cures effected by
his herbs demonstrate their
'g*4&Jk&%^ ¦ potence £nd his *kill. These
# ««^'."i-**Sv < T5V frr-rS'S <~ure ovi-r 4(0 different
1 ' ii'V-CJ^jSLJAr disease*. Including Brisht's
-^£2SIjST^*' Disease, Diabetes, Consump-
tion, Afthma, Paralysis,
p.raln ICtrve Cancers. TuraiJrs, Blood, Mai*
and FVmale Maladies. All persons afflicted
¦with any kind of malady whatsoever are in-
vited to call. Office, 727 Washington st. Office
l'ours— S a. m. to 12 m.. 1 to 9 p. m.: Sundays,
10 a m to U m. Accept grateful thank* for
#>ff>c«in« a cure of asthma of several years'
?landing. A. PARLEY. San Rafael.
4X21 CHICHECTER'S CNGUSH
tefWRGyai fills
Q _/* ~-v OHgtual amd Only Cuuiniv ¦
hS\ v£*4 '<* CHICOESTEK'S ENGLISH
OrW^ Jv.V\ Is It P.D tn< Gold ntt&Ute bozu. tttiei
Vrv — \},'C w l*k lioertLboB. T«kr no other. Krimt
Tn *** 3*L3 I>a«c*roaa Kub«tltntlon« mad Imlta-
I / *~ (Tf tJoti>. !!uj <if joor J>rvrri«. or rtui 4c. m
I W Jf «!*mr« tor Partlcalar*. Testimonial*
lV h? K»d M Rell«f farC«4lem,"«»*«tt»r,bjr*.
-\ IS turn Mull. 1 0.OOO Te»lim«ni»li. SnilS-j
— -"' «0 I/ra«t.'«. Chlebe«««r<-beinlea]C»,
K«stlo»Ui»,*p« MaaJ— fe«t— ra. PHILA~ PA.
DDTTCUI7O fok barbers, bak-
tirewers. bookblnderf, candy-makers, cannery,
dyers, fiourmill*. f*undrie». laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, palntrrs, shoo factories sta-
blemen, tar-roofere. tanneri, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 009 Sacramento St.
jJALASKASEALSHOEsI
I NO MORE WET FEET
<S Keep yoar feet dry this winter by ',
« wearing Alaska Seal Shoes. Th» Alaska
K Seal has a tough skin that can be guar- ',
21 anteed .for wear, is absolutely water- '
» proof and Is yet soft and pliable and la '<
« easy on the feet. For
>Z Men. Lace or Congress, pries 93.00 !
>2 With cork soles. 5O cents extra. ;
Z Ladles' Vic! Kid. one-strap Sar.dals.
? with bow." narrow coin toes, turned soles
> and low heels. Pries 83 cents : sizes 3 to
\< 8, widths C to E. •
;' Gloria Shoes prove their worth anJ
•! stand every test. Unexcelled for stock.
'<', style, fit and wear. Price .HiJ-IO. Tou
> can only buy them here.
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. ||
I , tO Third St. San Francisco. • ierl. E. E. David, T. Kelly and Edward
Peterson were the committee of arrange
ments.
In Pursuit of a Magic Shadow.
Ever since Adam was a baby the child,
the man and the discontented woman have
been pursuing a phantom they call happi
ness, but as yet they have not succeeded
in reaching it. Now, then, lpt our ladies
approach one step nearer to it by wear
ing a pair of the "Ultra" shoes on their
trilbies. These celebrated shoes, . which
have now become a fad throughout the
Eastern States, are all made out of the
best French Jild, patent leather or russet
calf, Louis XIV, military or commonsense
heels. They all have cushioned inner soles,
and are made In the very Iate3t style lasts.
They are of a $6.00 grade of shoes, and
the prevailing price will be $3.50— no more
and no Ies3. I hereby guarantee the above
for their beauty, durability, comfort and
a perfect fit. Should you fall to obtain what
you desire, report the matter to me. Ke
spectfully, Albert G. De Vincent, manager
Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market street, near
Third. •
Red Men Minstrels.
The social branch of Oshonee Tribe of
the Improved Order of Red Men grave a
minstrel show in 'Union Square Hall last
night for the entertainment of a large
number of its friends, ladies and gentle
men. P. Howell and G. Warde -were
bones and E. I^ambert and C. Collins,
tambos, with George Cheney as inter
locutor. The soloists were W. A. Mitchell
George Cheney. H. G. Pfaeffle and C.
Kron and the specialists were the Orpheus
Quartet. Kddie O'Brien and Bosco and
Rice. A programme of twelve dances con
cluded a very enjoyable evening. Meyer
Bloom. A. Scholes. A. L. Pringle, P. How-
JUMPS IN FRONT
OF MOVING CAR
AND IS KILLED
An Unknown Young Man
Horribly Mailed on
Mission Street.
'I . — •
Drops Pair of Pincers and While
Trying to Recover Them Is
Struck and Fatally
Injured.
»
A young 1 man, unknown to those irh»
picked him up, was last night struck by s
Mission street car at Sixth street and al
most instantly killed. He was riding on a
wrest bound car, and when opposite Sixth
street a pair of pincers dropped out of hla
pocket. Without signaling the conductor
to stop the unfortunate man jumped off in
front of an east bound car to recover the
tool and was fatally injured. He was at
once removed to a drugstore in the vicin
ity. It was apparent that he was beyond
all human aid, but he was sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital. An examination there
Bhowed that the young man's skull was
fractured and his left leg broken. Besides
this he was internally injured. A few
minutes after being placed on the oper
ating table the unfortunate breathed his
last.
"When he got on the car the young man
had a small parcel under his arm, which
contained two dressed ducks and which he
I ostensibly intended to take home. On
jumping to recover the pincers he placed
1 the parcel on the seat of tho dummy, after
telling one of the passengers to look out
for it.
According to the motorman. who is
: named F. H. Johnson, he then jumped in
front of the car going to the ferries. John
son was arrested immediately after the
accident and charged with manslaughter.
He • was at once released on bonds. He
says that he was within a few feet of the
¦west bound car 'when he saw the .victim
of the car Jump. He instantly reversed the
current, but too late to save the man's
S life.
Up to a late hour last night the unfortu
1 nate man had not been identified.
NICE BABBARESCHI. PRIMA
DONNA SOPRANO OF AZZALI
GRAND OPERA COMPANY.
NURSERYMAN FLINGS HIM
SELF FROM BALCONY OF
CITY HALL ROTUNDA.
See Gibson's new stocks of Fall and Winter
Underwear, Hosiery. Low. prices. 12M Market. •
The oldest British colony in Australia
is New South Wales. It was founded ca
a penal settlement in 1783.
Board of Health Meets.
The Board of Health held an executive
session yesterday - afternoon, with Drs.
Williamson, Baum and Buckley present.'
The meeting was called to arrange for, the
Trapper's OH cures rDrumatlsm and neuraJsl*.
DrusKUti. 6oc flask. Klch&rda & Co.. 40C Clay.
Eastern Star /Entertainment.
The entertainment given last night , In
Mission Parlor Hall by Mission ; Chapter
of ; the Order, of the Eastern Star was a
pelect and enjoyable one. 1 Richard Hunt
sang a tenor solo. Miss Mae O'Keefe gave
a recitation. Miss Partridge sang. Pro
fessor Baumberger charmed with a cornet
solo. Miss Edna H.-Dudley gave a reci
tation, L. A. Larsen sang a^ bass solo and
Cordie ¦ Wet jen . entertained with : a I whist
ling solo. -The hall was very tastefully
decorated. " Sarah A. Cox, A.- Irene Simp
son, Lillian Parsons, Adam Black, Henry
Burner and Richard Allen were the ' com
mittee of , arrangements,: with Waiter
Burner, as 'floor manager.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell,> the independent
candidate for Congress from .the, Fourth
District, has taken his petition -signed by
4400 voters to Sacramento to file with' the
Secretary of State. This- formality ¦ will
place his name on the ticket. As the law.
requires only 800 names, this big petition
would Indicate that the doctor's support
ers will elect him by a handsome major
ity next ' November. • -
For the Orphan's Home.
Mission Rebekah Lodge, I. O. O. F.,
gave an entertainment; and dance last
night in Excelsior Hall in aid of the Or
phan's Home at Gllroy. .This • being an
object that appeals to many-charitable
persons the result was an attendance that
crowded the . hall. The programme, car
ried out under the direction of Dr.' Frost,
Included a piano recital by. Mrs. Pracy,
vocal selections by the Fournier brothers,
epeclaltles by Charles Pracy and Hazel
Watson, vocal solo by M. Anderson and
banjo eccentricities by Professor Meyer.
The concluding number was a farce, "Miss
Jenice." This was followed by dancing.
EX-JUDGE LOW WILL
SPRING A SENSATION
He Intends to Prefer Charges Against
Captain Seymour Before the
; . . Police Board.
Ex-Judge Low intends to spring a big
sensation in a few days which he . says
will paralyze the Police Department. He
will prefer a charge against Captain Sey
mour before the Police Commissioners,
backed up by affidavits, that the captain
is working in the interests of a certain at
torney against him and other attorneys.
Low is attorney for William Tyndall,
alias A. C. Adams, the man who repre
sented himself as President M. Stone of
the San Pedro and I. X. L. Dairy Com
pany, and was charged with forgery. The
Judge alleges In effect that he was re
fused a permit to see Tyndall in the prison
for the reason that Attorney Joseph
Dunne was preferred by. Captain Seymour.
It is known that Captain Seymour is the
man aimed at, although Low will only say
it Is a man high up in the department.
Captain Seymour said yesterday . that
Low should be careful before bringing
such a charge against him or any other
member of the department, as there was
absolutely no truth in it. "Low was never
refused a permit," said the captain, "and
when Tyndall asked me whether he would
employ Low, Dunne or Walter Gallagher
to defend him, I told him he could do as
he liked. The trouble with Low is that I
refused to allow him to enter the prison
and examine the register of arrests to see
which of the prisoners had money on
them, so that he could get their, cases.
Since then he has had it in for me and
the department generally. When I took
charge of the prison I gave orders that
no attorney would be permitted to see a
prisoner without an order, and that rule
has since acted well. I shall see that it is
enforced to stop the grafting that used to
be carried on."
For Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established in the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor in
the center of the building, where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving in the transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special Delivery, 408 Taylor street and
C50 Market street. . - . V • .
Bed Men as Minstrels.
Oshonee Tribe No. 78, Improved Or"der
cf Red Men, gave an entertaining minstrel,
performance to a crowded house at
Union-square Hall last night. George
Cheney was interlocutor and Elton Lam
bert, Ed Kreiss, Peter Howell and Will
Brackett were end men. Ed Kreiss, a
clever and popular amateur minstrel and
buck and wing dancer, sang "I Wouldn't
Leave My Home If I Were you," and was
heartily encored. Elton Lambert sang
with great success "I Couldn't Stand to
See My Baby Loose." George Cheney's
song, "The Curse of the Dreamer." .was
well received. . The entertainment con
cluded with a dance. The success of the
affair was due mainly to the commlttep of
arrangements, consisting of the following:
Meyer Bloom, A. Scholes, A. L. Pringle,
V. Howell, E. E. David, T. Kelley and EU
Peterson. . i
Governor F. W. Rollins of New Hamp
shire arrived in the city last evening. The
Governor's trip to the coast is purely of a
business riature and he expects to remain
here two or three weeks. He is the junior
member of the firm of E. H. Rollins & Co.,
bond buyers, with headquarters In Bostqp.
The firm has a branch office in this city.
The Governor has business interests in
IjOS Angeles which will take him to that
city for a few days. Tills Is his first visit
to the coast. While in the city he will be
the guest of the Union League Club,
which will hold a reception in his honor
some evening this week.
Governor Rollins was met at the ferry
station by A. G. . Booth, president of the
Union League Club, and Colonel Pippy of
Governor Gage's staff. The party dined
at the Palace, where the New Hampshire
executive will make his headquarters
while in the city.
Governor Rollins has the distinction of
being the youngest Governor of any State
in the Union. He was elected by the Re
publicans in 1S99 for two years by an over
whelming majority. He came to San
Francisco direct from Concord, where he
completed a series of stump speeches for
McKinley and Roosevelt.
Governor Rollins is confident of Repub
lican victory in November. His State will
give McKinley from 15,000 to 20j[)00 plurality.
New , Hampshire has supported the Re
publican nominee for forty years, with but
a single exception. In 1S96, McKinley re
ceived over 20,000 plurality.
The Governor says that the Republicans
must wage their hardest* fights In New
York and Indiana: Just now the Empire
State is on the doubtful list, but he thinks
that hard work there will insure Republi
can victory.
Governor Rollins stopped at Chicago
and -'visited the national headquarters,
where he found that the greatest confi
dence was felt that the election would re
sult in a Republican victory. ,
Governor Rollins does not think the
strike of the coal miners will injure Mc-
Kinley's chances. He believes that all
these labor troubles will be amicably set
tled before election. In regard to the at
tack upon Governor Roosevelt in Colorado
neither party, he thinks, can iin any way
be held responsible, and the episode is not
likely to change any votes either way.
F. W.' Rollins Predicts the
Election of McKinley
and Roosevelt.
NEW HAMPSHIRE'S
GOVERNOR VISITS
SAN FRANCISCO
selection of clerks to be taken from the
civil service eligible list, but as there was
no quorum present no action was taken.
Charles Fay, the Mayor's private secre
tary, was closeted with the board for
some time, but Dr. Williamson guilelessly
said that the question of " appointments
was not discussed. Chief Examiner Mo
ran also attended the'meeting.
Us eldest child, a girl, Is only 13 years of
,ge.
This is the first fall, accidental or other
vise, that has occurred in the rotunda,
Vccording to Shea & Shea, tho architects
vho had charge of its construction, the
listance from the second balcony to the
loor is fifty-eight feet.
indifference to mise-en -scene; the uncriti
cal charity toward first night mishaps on
theaudience's side and happy insouciance
on the singers'; the Instant recognition of
happy phrase and clever turn, the all-in
the-family relations of artist and audi
ence generally, were so essentially for
eign and charming, that the Infrequent
English comment came almost as a
shock.
The strength of the company, of course,
lies In the voices, and these are indeed
rarely good. Of great barytones the
Italian operatic stage possesses three.
Sala^sa and Ferrari, both now at tlif
Tivoli. and Bellagamba. who made his
first appearance last night as Amourftso.
He is a foeman worthy of the great Tivoll
barytone's steel. In Aniouraso he fs per
haps finer than Salassa. "With a rare,
smooth, tremendous voice and a full con
ception of the dramatic exigencies of the
part, Bellagamba made a brilliant. impres-
Flon on his audience last evening. In
Lulgi Lucent! the company possesses a
genuine basso profundo, and his Ramphis
was excellently sung. Egidlo Garanaglio
also made a good king.
Casteliano, the dramatic tenor of the
company, has a fine, brilliant- voice. He
takes his higher notes with marvelous
ease, and the tone quality is beautiful.
He has an excellent climax and his Rada
mes was an altogether satisfying Inter
pretation.
The company fs happy in the possession
of perhaps the best Aida that has been
heard here for years in the person of Nice
Barbareschl. who gave an altogether
peasing rendering of the part. Her make
up was noticeably good— the only Aida
within memory without a piebald integu
ment—and the tender, wild, loving slave
girl was fully safe In her hands. It is a
velvet voice, the Barbareschi's. even, clear
and flf-xible. Beatrice Franco, who sub
stituted for Coliarmarina in the. part of
Amnerls, has a light contralto, more prop
erly a mezzo-soprano, of agreeable qual
ity, but she is hardly equal to the dra
matic demands of the jealous princess'
role.
The chorus work is fairly good and the
orchestra Is handled in masterly fashion
by the leader, Signor Azzaii, who certain
ly makes the most of its somewhat hete
rogenous elements.
"Carmen," with its famous exponent of
the name part, Collamarini, will be given
this evening.
CARL KRUGER. a: nurseryman,
who resided at 1236. Chestnut
street with his wife and • four
young children, committed suicide
yesterday ¦ in a sensational man
ner. He Jumped into space from the
the second balcony In the rotunda of the
City Hall dome. He was taken to the
Receivlnsr Hospital, but died in about an
hour. His skull was fractured and the
bones of both ankles and his left leg were
bioken.
A bronze railing about three and a half
feet high surrounds the balcony, and it
Is supposed that Kruger stood on top of
this railing and sprang forward Into
space. - No one saw him actually take the
Jump, but David R. Reese, a miner living
at 29 Twelfth street, who was on the
west side of the first balcony, saw Kruger
whirling through the air from the second
balcony. Leo de Cardona, a copyist in
the County Clerk's office, was on his way
to- lunch at the time. He was walking
across the floor of the dome when some
thing brushed his left arm, followed by a
heavy fall. He wheeled around, thinking
that some one had thrown something at
him, and wa3 horrified to see Kruger ly
ing on his back on the floor beside him,
with his arms outstretched and blood
pouring from a wound in the back of his
head.
Cardona almost fainted at his narrow
escape, and as soon as he recovered him
self he hurried to the Receiving Hospital
for a physician. Paul A. Dunphy, 812
Eddy street, who saw Kruger strike the
floor, also ran to the Institution. The am
bulance was summoned and Kruger, who
was unconscious, was taken to the hos
pital. He died in about an hour. The
body was removed to the Morgue.
It was at first thought that Kruger had
fallen accidentally from the first balcony,
as the guard placed there to prevent peo
ple from stepping into space is but eight
een Inches high, but the place at which
he struck the floor showed this theory to
be incorrect. Incidentally It may be said
that the attention of the Grand Jury has
been drawn to the menace to life that
exists through there not being a proper
railing around the first balcony. It Is
surprising that no serious accidents have
occurred from this lack of protection.
Detective T. B. Gibson was detailed on
the case and he notified Mrs. Kruger of
the serious accident to her husband. She
told him that her husband was a native of
Chile. 38 years of age. He had been for
twenty years connected with the nursery
firm of Sievers & Boland, 25 Post street,
and for some time had an Interest in the
business. He looked after the big nursery
and the strain upon him brought on ner
vous prostration. He- had been very bad
for the last three months and his phy
sician induced him to give up business for
a time and seek a change of climate.
About a month ago he sold out his share
in the business to Sievers and went to
Los Angeles. He returned some days ago
and had apparently recovered from his
illness. He tried to get back hla
Interest In the nursery, but failed, and
became despondent. Mrs. Kruger told
her husband to consult a doctor and he
left the house yesterday morning, as she
thought, to do so.
Mrs. Kruger is not left without means.
Kruger owned some propertv in Berkeley,
on which he recently paid off a mortgage.
AT last the long looked for Azzaii
Grand Italian Opera Company
has made Its first appearance In
America. It occupied the stage
at the California theater last evening, In
"Aida."
In spite of the many disappointments
that have awaited the numerous Azzall
audiences gathered together and dis
persed on occasion after occasion, a largo
crowd of trustlr.gr music lovers again pre
sented Itself at the theater, doors last
evening. "Come Italia"— like Italy— said
one delighted Latin to another as tht»
liquid and rolling r's of his native
tcr.gue lifted In a eratlfled chorus to
greet the Impresario and conductor of the
company, Azzall. as he came forward,
cool, and smiling, to lead the orchestra.
And "Come Italia" it certainly was. from
start to fl'r.tsh. Xot a- vestige of an Amer
ican atn:osphere remained In the theater
five minutes after the curtain's rise: U
might have been Mexico. Milan. Madrid
or anywhere but in a Yankee opera-house,
before an American audience. The large
Despite Several Disappointments
Many Music Lovers Turn Out
and I*arg« Audience Hears
the Vocalists.
Sings "Aida" at California
Theater and Is Well
Received.
AZZALI OPERA
TROUPE FINALLY
REACHES HERE
LEAPED THROUGH
SPACE TO DEATH
Carl Kruger Commits Suicide.by Jump
ing From the Second Balcony in
City Hall Dome.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SMEMBER au. l*iuu.
30
;¦¦¦ ': ADYEBTISEMEirrS. ____^.
We will offer the following
exceptional values In our Linen De-
partment this week.
58-lncli Hani Loom Washed TaWe Linen 5Oc
. ' Yard
68-lnch Bleached Tahle Damask, 5 designs 75c
tV-i' Yard
69-lnch Satin Damask Tahle Linen, 9 de- $1OO
SlfjnS Yard
23-lnch Irish Damask Tahle Napkins.... $l.5O
Dox*n
24-lnch Satin Finish Tahle Napkins, .12 $2.5O
designs r>ox«n
26-lnch Douhle Damask German Napkins $3,50
.£».; Dozen
19x38 Irish Huck Towels, Fringed and $2.OO
Hemmed .'. r>oz«n
22x40 Hemmed and Hemstitched Irish $3,50
HUCk TOffelS Dozen
20x40 Hand Loom Damask Towels, Col- $3.00
ored Borders.::.: o OZ «n
18-lnch Hand Made Irish Crash, : Plain and l^Z^o
Twilled Yard
¦ ¦'¦¦'. . - • • . .-¦.-. .
24-lnch Checked Glass Linen, Assorted lSo
Checks • y«™«
18-lnch Fancu Linen Toweling, Plain and . lSo
Twined ..:. Y.rc*
¦
NOTE— We have also received large shipments of
Irish and German Huckafiacks, Linen Shams, Sheets,
Pillow Cases and Plain and Fancu Emhroldered Scarls
and Snuares.
Mi, 113, 115. 117. 119, 12! POST STREET.
Fall Opening
Lace, Trimming and
Button Departments
The styles and designs this year in laces,
trimmings and buttons are the most beautiful
we have ever shown and considering the ex-
cellent qualities of the goods, the prices are
very moderate; all the fall shipments have
arrived and are now ready for your inspection.
Trimmings
Some, of the most- desirable trimmings for
this season's wear are silk passementerie com-
bined with velvet, taffeta, cloth and Renais-.
sance effects, in black, ecru, white, white and
gold and black and gold; also black spangled
edges and bands in the newest festoon effects.
Laces
Among the. varieties of novelties now being
shown in our lace department are lace and
jeweled robes, fancy liberty silks and chiffons,
black figured nets and spangled effects, point
Russe, point Arab and point Venice applique
laces; galloons and al lovers in black, cream and
champagne colors; also all regular staple fall
lines are now complete.
Buttons and Slides
Our assortment of trimming buttons and
slides is now complete consisting of the. latest c
novelties in enamel, steel, rhinestone, jet and
fancy metal; also a complete stock of small
gilt buttons which are now being used very
extensively.
On Exhibition
Displayed in' our show windows for the •
next three days you will find a very large
and handsome assortment of the'above goods
which. will give a' good idea of the enormous
variety carried -in these departments.
See, the pictures in our windows of the
gowns which were awarded prizes at the
Paris Exhibition of 1900.
129 Kearny Street
ADVERTISEMENT^
DORUTHY~BREY'S LETTER.
Her Otssrvatlons of Nervous
Women, and a Practical Hint
Which May Prove HelpfuL
I have come to the conclusion that
women who are nervous deserve a
preat deal more sympathy than they
pet. Indeed, if there is one person
who more than another deserves every-
body's pity and everybody's help it is
the nervous woman. The woman, I
mean, who flies all to pieces a dozen
times a day over some trifle that really
doesn't matter, and she can't help
doicp; it any more than a person vith
the asrue can help shaking. I know a
lot of women who are nervous and get
excited over small things. I have
found them In every place I've been,
Washington. New York* New Orleans.
Sail Francisco. St. Louis. Boston —
every place where I've made Intimate
women friends. It Isn't merely the
married women and the mothe:*8 that
are so easily excited and Irritated, but
it's the girls, too.
Now. of course, one can't observe
these things without their making an
impression, so I l->«gan to make In-
quiry as to the causes, and have found !
In every single case that the woman!
was really sick and needed treatment, j
perhaps was setting treatment at the
time. When you come to think about
it. nervousness must be very wide- |
spread among women, and these poor j
pouls who are really suffering get no-
body's sympathy because they are so
snappish.
For ir.y part. I believe that nervous-
ness 5:: women is always a symptom
of some female trouble, some little
thinpr that began way back in girlhood,
ard kept on developing and aggrava-
ting the nerves. If a girl loses her j
temper ar.d says things that are spite-
ful, it is customary to draw a placid
elph and say. '"she'll get over that
when she's married ar.d settled." Of
course she doesn't get over it. Ten
chances to one rhe gets worse, and j
becomes the shrewish wife and irri- j
table mother. What chance has a mod-
erately well-disposed man to make
Euch a woman happy? If he "humors"
her she prows more violent, and if he
getsfserappy, too, they lead a cat and
dog iife. No. the young girl who says <
spiteful things is likely to become a ;
chronic scold when she has children
ard be a trial to her husband all his
life lor.?. The mysterious part of this
is that the woman after a while doesn't
realize how frequently she exhibits
temper and says mean things* But
the whole thing is a horrible pity,
if one could stop long enough to think
It over seriously. I have done what
little I could for a number of such
women by advising them to take Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
I did this first at the urgent request of
my mother, who is, by the way, quite
the sweetest tempered woman in the
world, and the result surprised me a
" great deal. I had read and read the
advertisements of Mrs. Pinkham's
medicine, but I never really thought
it could be all that they said it was
until I had seen its effect. I feel now
that the dozen or more women who
have taken this medicine at my sug-
gestion have proved its sterling worth
beyond all possible question, and I
wish to say in all seriousness and sol-
eninity that if every nervous woman
would take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
: table Compound, she would soon begin
"to have herself in control.
There really Is need of a movement
to provide some way to help these ner-
vous women. They don't make the
right kind of mothers, or wives, or sis-
ters, and they shouldn't be expected
to. because they are, I am convinced,
'really * unable to control their nerves.
There is no more important thing for
American women than to understand
a little about themselves, and to find
'out what to do to make their lives
-effective. My observation has shown
me unmistakably that profound igno-
rance about things feminine exists
among women: even the traditions
that are handed around are based on
some false premises. It really is no
¦wonder that women are sick so much
and played out so early in life. For
the most part they are mismanaged
when young and continue to mlsman-
ape themselves when they prow up.
I would not have any woman think
these words are meant to be harsh or
unkind. If they start some woman
thinking and induce her to protect
herself I will be glad, for I am really-
very much in earnest about it.
DOROTHY GREY.
Big Sale.
Bisque Ware
Koveltles so cts
Fljfurcs 40 cts
Ornaments 28 cts
Danclnct^r! 2s cts
Steins or Beer Mugs
Steln-niue Color 20 cts
8(eln-Cane Color zo cts
Stein— TXetal Cover™.. 40 cts
&ieln-9Xotto, covered. 48 cts
Stein— Motto, covered .60 cts
Stelxi— Motto, covered ..80 cts
Stetu— Motto« covered 81.60
We are Cutting: Prices
all to Pieces During Our
Dig Clearance Sale.
Great AiiiEfisiiIipriiTea Co.
no Orant are., brt. Butter and Post.
ttn Market «t.. orp. Powell «t.
tl Market «t.. June. California.
OUR BRANCH ETOP^ES KVERYWHERE.
f%»«»V<Sv*^^^ -*»^>-^ *%. g
Avist* OR- JORDAN'S great 4
$HliSEUB OF ANATOMY^
a Ch ua mzx; st. tat. e-i*?ih . sjtjosi i
\ Cf TheLaixestAnatotnieslMmeinBintbe \
M ',31 , V/orid V* e.kne—»» or *ijr contracteo 4
V ySsiSw <ii*e«« po»nls«-Jyc»r«»«!r> r theo(ci«t '
(*/ /fJrJiAl bpeci-litt f a tt *- Com. Est-jeyoan. 'i
6 tf$*l OS. JORQ«f-P RIV&TE QISEAStii , i
\ ¦ (jrSfi P Cc;<u!tition free and ttrlrtty private
6 I I»»s S T n l ' mf! " personally cr toy inter. A j '
™ Q /'{!•* t^mjtvt* Cure id e*erjr CMC undertaken. '
A mil ilKv Write (or Book. PKILOKOrBVvt,
9 I M I!* M4BB1ACE, mailed rasa. ca\
fA jJL valuable booh (or men)
OB. JOBDAS & CO.. 10S1 Market St.. S. tJ
MEN
1*m<3&Q LOST VIGOR
fpjjt t5r¥. RESTORED 1
wmlr^ dr. cooper &ca.,
' IspEaS^ £^i?& alrB J Street.
\ %$j££*ff\ 9l *^Sf San Francisco. Cal.
•* -- amamnmi^MBi
Weekly Cali,$1.00 per Year
1 Bed-RoomSefs \
I. !?Ki§lH^i2Bilif (
I We have just unloaded three I
1 carloads of up-to-date new I
I style bedroom sets of beautiful I
j golden oak, which is so popular 1
I just now— $15.00 to $i?o.oo per I
) set * 1
I THE J. NOONAN I
I FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc 1
I 1017-1023 MISSION STREET I
I Phond South 14. Abov« eth. Sin Francisco. (
Pretty
Eye-Glasses
A« we make them are perfectly comfortable
tip or «llp. all with thTnew X
attached to any old pair for Me.
Oculists* prescriptions niled. Factory en
premises; quick repairing Phone Main 10.
642 Market 5t. injtrumnu
UNDER CHflOMUlt 8WtL01N6. CATALOGUE fft£C.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The best «rldence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found in the continued
, patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made them their head-
quarters when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plan.
DRMcftULTY.
T?i S yEIA-KN-OWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
tatlonfreeandsacredly confidential! Call oraddiSra
o~ , T It ROSCOE McXULTY, M. D.
gO^KearnySU Han KrnnfUco.Cfl
THE WEEKLY CALL
SI per Year.street, was asphyxiated in his room som«
time during Friday night. His body was
found at 6 o'clock yesterday morning, at
tired In his nightgown, lying on the floor
near the bed. He had evidently fallen
out of bed.
The most prominent candidates for Mri
Coombs' mantle as United States Attorney
are Marshall B. Woodworth and Henry
8. Foote, who was Mr. Coombs' prede
cessor. Mr. Foote was a life-long Demo
crat up to four years ago. when the It* t«,
1 plank was spiked to the Democratic
platform in Chicago, and he has been a
McKinley man since that time. Mr. Wood
worth has been In the Appraiser's build
ing for many years as United States Cir
cuit Judge Morrow's secretary and at
present is Assistant United States Attor
ney. He has achieved a good reputation
already for his knowledge of Federal law
and procedure, and although a m?ich>
younger man than General Foote, makes
up In weight of legal lore what he max
lack In age. He has obtained the indorse
ments of the Federal Judges and other of
ficials who know and admire him. and his
friends are L confident that he will secure
the appointment. ... ' -
On the other hand, the friends of Gen
eral Foote point. to his long record of serv
ice to the people both as a Democrat and
a Republican. He is also a friend of Sen
ator Bard. -who. with Senator Perkins.
vrlli have considerable influence ra the
matter of the appointment. General
Foote has in preparation a redhot Repub
lican speech which he intends to deliver
before a large audience some time during
the present campaign.
In the meantime both aspirants are ex
erting their utmost endeavors to have Mr.
Coombs "elected to Congress.
Anticipating .the election of United
States Attorney Frank L. Coombs to Con
gress, applicants for the position to be
vacated are swarming like bees around
the political hive.
That They Can Get His
Place.
FRANK L. COOMBS HAS
TWO ARDENT FRIENDS
Want Him Elected to Congress So
Park Music Programme.
Following Js the park music programme
for to-day: ¦ ,
Overture. "l r nder the Trees" (May e); "I_«»
Ondlnes du Nil" (Gro*net): selection. "Mac
beth" (Verdi); "Orislnal Tarantelle" (JallUn):
"Mi»erere" and tower scene from "Trovator«"
(Verdi) : overture. ••Immortality" (Spadlna).
dedicated to Claus Spreckels; prologue, from
"PajfllaccI" (Mascasnl): "Intermezzo Quertdv
(E. A. B.): "Arkansas Traveler." with /arU
tlons for ail Instruments (Reeves); march. "la
the Surf", (Fllnn).- •
reform organization that promises to nlay
an important part in that party"s affairs
in Santa Clara County was organized this
afternoon under the name of the Jeffer
sonlan Democracy. This grows out oi
dissatisfaction with the Democratic Coun
ty Central Committee, which-the reform
ers claim is dominated by bosses. The
new organization is founded on the lines
of the Republican Good Government
League, which two years ago - seceded
from the Republican County Central Com
mittee. It ' has the following officers:
President, N. T. Biddle; vice presidents.
Charles A. Clark. T. A.. Carroll. J. S. Sel
by; secretary, W. A. Sears; treasurer. 1,
W. Carroll. . ' '
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 29.— A Demo
cratic rallly held in Tropico, nine miles
north of here, this evening, was attend
ed by a fair sized crowd. The principal
speaker of the evening was Jud R. Rush,
the Populist and Democratic orator of
this city. He denounced the Administra
tion for Its stand in the Philippines,
pointed out that this country was run
ning rapidly toward imperialism and mil
itarism and- declared that trusts fostered
by the Republican party were grinding
down the laboring man. The re-election
of McKinley and Roosevelt, he said,
meant the future enslaving of the labor
er to the money power.
PORTERVILLE. Sept. 29.— A Bryan and
Stevenson club was formed here on Sat
urday, September 22. at which 103 mem
bers were enrolled.' A. M. .Lumley. editor
of the Enterprise, was elected president.
J A Howell vice president . and G. R.
Lumley secretary. At a meeting of the
club to-night the list was Increased by
ninety and arrangements were made for a
meeting a week from to-nieht, which will
be addressed by note* speakers.
; VALLEJO, Sept. 25.— The Democrats
opened the • campaign here to-night at
Farragut Theater. The orators were
Judge James G. Maguire and Frank Free
man of Glenn County, the nominee for
Congress from this district . The meeting
was well attended, the hall being crowd
ed. Captain Gus Shirley, the nominee for
State ' Senator, presided. He was Intro
duced by J. J. Tlnelll, president of the
local . Bryan and Stevenson Club. The
Democrats are well pleased with the en
thusiasm shown.
SAN BERNARDINO,. Sept. 29.—Demo
cratic headquarters was opened here to
night with an overflowing crowd. . Earl
Rogers, the Los Angeles attorney, was the
principal speaker.
ANGELS CAMP. Sept. 29.— In Calaveras
County the Democratic, campaign opened
to-.night, with Jo D. Sproule as the
orator. He was given an enthusiastic re«
ceptlon and cheered to the echo. He spoko
at length on expansion and imperialism.
BANNER REPUBLICAN CLUB.
Redlands Organization Already Has
Eight Hundred Members.
Special Dispatch to The Call."
REDLANDS, 1 Sept. 29..— Redlands boasts
the possession of the banner Republican
League club of the State. It has a pres
ent membership of 800, and It Is expected
that by election day : It will .reach more
than 1000 and will almost have taken In
the whole | of the voting population and
make* It unanimous for McKinley. This
splendid showing Is. due very largely to
the -energy- of. and enthusiasm j imparted
by , Lieutenant G. C. Thaxter, the- presi
dent of the club. - .. . - • : 
,The officers of the Redlands Republican
League Club are: G..C.. Thaxter, presi
dent; A'. E. Brock, vice president: W. M.
Tisdale, secretary; J. T. Jordan, assistant
secretary; Dr T. M. Blythe. treasurer;
executive committee— W. D. Clark and I.
M. Hough, first precinct; H. B. Wilson
nnd W. H. Voris. Second precinct: C. T.
GIfford and K. C. Wills, third precinct;
C. L. Clock and C. L. Hayes, fourth pre
cinct; F. C. Beecher and F. W. Nutter,
fifth precinct.
The club has rooms on the ground flo^r
in the heart of the city and they are elab
orately decorated with American flags and
portraits of McKinley and Roosevelt.
COTJNTY CONVENTIONS HELD.
Yolo Republicans Nominate Freder-
icks for Assemblyman.
Special Dispatch 'to The Call.
WOODLAND, Sept. 29.— The Tolo Coun
ty Republican Convention • was held to
day. The hardest fight occurred over the
Assembly nomination. Supervisor Freder
icks defeated Pierce, the incumbent, by a
vote of 58 to 28. Pierce made a bitter
speech that created a sensation. John
Merkley in the First District. T. J.'
Vaughn In the Fourth and Ed Hoppln In
the Fifth were nominated for Supervisors.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 29.— The Demo
cratic County Convention to-day nominat
ed for Supervisors G, W. Newhall of
Brandforte district. Uriah W. Thompson
of Soquel district and Joseph Ball of San
Lorenzo district. T. J. Leonard of Aptos
was nominated for the Assembly by ac
clamation. D. W. Johnston of Santa Cruz
was elected chairman of the County Cen
tral Committee. C. B. Younger Jr. secre-"
tary'and Charles M. Cassin treasurer. .
NAPA, Sept. 29.— Robert Corlett of Napa
was nominated as the Republican candi
date for the State Senate in the Seventh
District to-day.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 29.— J. Emmet
Havden has . accepted the Democratic
nomination for the Assembly. The late
Democratic convention, unable to find a
candidate, left the nomination with I the
County Committee. Mr. Hayden Is well
known In this county and is prominent In
Native Son circles. ! -:,'.'.¦;
PROHIBITION CANDIDATES.
Sheefer for State Senator in Marin
and Contra Costa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept.. 29.— The Prohibi
tion party convention met here- this morn
ing and nominated a full county ticket. For
Joint Senator for. Marin and Contra Costa
counties William Sheefer of the latter
county was named: for Assemblyman, A.
J. -Todd; for Supervisors— First • District,
Charles, Shafer; Second District. Nells
Bundersen of Sausallto; Third District. C.
G. Lucas of Olema. . I '--***•;-. ¦ -
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 29.— The
Prohibitionists have organized a campaign
club for Woolley and Metcalf. with B. F.
Conaway president. Samuel Wilson and
J. B. McReynolds vice presidents, Joseph
Wilcox - secretary and Aaron Huddleston,
treasurer. Their vote here will be* small.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 29.— A ratification
rally of the Socialist Labor party was held
this evening at Elks' Hall. It was ad
dressed by H. Gaylord Wllshlre. nominee
for Congress In the Seventh District.
TIED A STEING TO
' THE GAS STOPCOCK
E. Tatsuruml, Japanese cook for Her
bert and Frederick Seible, 1S09 Octavia.
behalf, as he Is a clean. Independent man
of character. He Is a man of integrity in
personal and political affairs. In his place
in the Senate he would reflect credit on hla
constituents. They would not find h's
name recorded In the list of boodlers. He
would not take orders from the boss and
bring disgrace en his district.
In the Twenty-third Senatorial District
—Thirty-first and Thirty-ninth Assembly
districts— John J. Tyrr?ll should be elect
ed. He is energetic, capable and honest.
He is familiar with the requirements of
the district and would te able to render
his constituents good service in the Legis
lature. .
In the Twenty-flfth Senatorial District
— Forty-fourth and Forty-flfth Assemblr
¦ districts — John H. Xelson ought to receive
an overwhelming majority. Mr. Nelson
was born in the district thirty-one years
ago and has resided there continuously
ever since hla birth. He Is a prominent
Native Son and a charter member of San
Francisco Parlor. He Is entitled to tho
earnest and active ' support of all good
citizens, as he stands for good govern
ment and clean politics. Moreover he 1.+
familiar with the affairs of the north e*l
of San Francisco and is In touch with
property owners and ethers who ar<» in
terested In the development of the com
mercial and industrial resources of the
city.
and well being of this city recommends
that voters in their respective Senatorial
districts support the five following:
In the Seventeenth Senatorial District —
Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Assem
bly districts— Joseph M. Plunkett ought to
be elected. He was born in the^istrlct
and has lived thirty-one years In the
house where he now dwells, at 31S"Clem
entina street. He ia a pattermaker. hav
ing learned hla trade at the Union Iron
Works. He began his self-supporting ca
reer as a messenger bov for the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange Board. He is known
to his neighbors as a young man of high
character ar.d of Industrious habits.
In the Nineteenth Senatorial District—
Thirty-third and Thirtv-flfth Assembly
districts— Richard M. Welch should be
vigorously supported. He" is a progressive
young man of character and Intellect. In
the convention which gave him the nom
tratlon he hroke the slate of Boss Kelly.
Mr. Welch has resided in the Thirty-third
Assembly District for many years. He
knows th* need? and requirements of the
Senatorial district and has the energy and
ability to accomplish something in the
Legislature.
In the Twenty-first Senatorial District—
Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Assem
bly districts— th*- voters should rallv to the
support of W. E. White. The eitlzers of
the district should organize in Mr. White's
FIVE CANDIDATES FOR THE SENATE SELECTED. REGARDLESS OF
POLITICAL AFFILIATION. AS BEING THE MOST WORTHY OF
THE SUPPORT OF THE VOTERS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Many Democrats Present
and Three Act as
Vice Presidents.
Towns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WINTERS, Sept. 29.— A Democratic ral
ly was held under the auspices of the
Bryan and Stevenson Club of this city
to-night. E. D. McCabe, ex-Secretary to
Governor Budd, was the speaker of the
evening. His theme was Imperialism.
Mr. McCabe proposed that the Filipinos
should be immediately freed and allowed
to become a self-governing, independent
people. He recalled the fact that for the
fast fifty years the candidate failing to
win in one campaign was inevitably suc
cessful in the following one. Upon this
basis Mr. McCabe areued that "W. J.
Bryan would undoubtedly be elected.
The Winters band, lately organized under
the leadership of W. B. Young, met the
speaker at the train and escorted him to
the hall.
PALO ALTO. Sept. 29.— Fraternal Hal',
was filled to the doors this evening by a
large assemblage of Democrats, the event
being the formal opening of the cam
paign by J. H. Henry, Democratic can
didate for Congress In the Fifth District
Captain Barrett presided and opened the
meeting with a short review of the issuea
of the campaign. A. trio- consisting of F.
E, Nangle, L. H. Roseberry and M. Esh
erwood entertained the audlance with sev
eral original vocal selections, which were
heartily received. Chairman Barrett then
introduced Frank Karr, president of the
Anti-Imperlallstlc Club of . Stanford Uni
versity. Mr. Karr discussed the "trust
question" and then proceeded to arraign
Mr. Loud. Mr. Henry appeared next and
stated his position on the three great
issues— imperialism, protection and silver.
After a discussion of the Stanford amend
ment by Professor Charles Lewers the
meeting adjourned to the banquet cham
bers. . ......
SAN JOSE, Sept. 29.— A new Democratic
Gatherings of the Faithful in Interior
DEMOCRATIC ORATOBS HEARD.
RED BLUFF, Sept. 29.— Two hundred
enthusiastic Republicans, headed by the
Red Bluff Brass Band, started to Corning
to-night to open the Republican campaign
and organize a Republican club. A rous
ing .welcome was given the visitors on
their arrival at Corning. There were fire
works and a torchlight procession. . Major
C. W. Kyle was the speaker and a splen
did. McKinley and Roosevelt Club was or
ganized. Many accessions of prominent
Democrats to the McKinley ranks make
the Republicans very hopeful of a great
victory In November.
RANDSBURO, Sept. 29. — Congressman
Needham spoke to-night at Miners' Union
Hall to a large crowd. The meeting was
extremely enthusiastic.
COLTON; Sept. 29.— A large and enthu
siastic gathering ' filled the Republican
Club rooms to hear Judson Brusie and E.
O. Larklns to-night. An overflow meeting
was held on the street.
S. D.' Woods, Republican nominee for
Congress from this district, was present
at the meeting and addressed the young
men, predicting the brightest of futures
for their club and commending them
warmly for their efforts to assist In the
campaign. Chairman George S. Harkness
of the Republican County Central Com
mlttep promised the organization the as
pistaflce of the county committee. L. V.
Peterson was elected temporary chair
man and C. A. Farnsworth temporal y
secretary. Asa Newell was appointed
marshal to lead the club In ine naraoe
on the occasion of Governor Gage's meet
ing.
STOCKTON. Sept. 29.— A Young Men's
Republican Club, composed of Repub
licans who will at the next election cast
their first vote for President of the United
States, was organized in this city thlj
evening with a large membership. The
club will turn out over one hundred strong
to welcome Governor Gage io Stockton on
Monday night.
Mr. Shortridge took the platform and
amid ringing cheers began what proved
to be an evenly balanced, well-ordered
and eloquent speech. Prosperity was hH
theme and while he shot fact after fact
at his audience there was much to con
vert and nothing to offend the strongest
Democrat present. And there were many
Democrats there. No less than three wero
upon the stage as vice presidents of the
meeting. Cheers ran through the speech
like punctuation marks.
SANTA BARBARA. Sept. 29.— Samuel
M. Shortridge addressed 2000 voters here
to-night upon the Issues of the national
campaign. The meeting was a rousing
one and one of the largest ever held In
Santa Barbara. The local Republican
League Club was In charge. . The opera
house could not be engaged for the night
so It was decided to hold the Shortrldgo
meeting in the open air.- A stand and
seats were arranged upon a centrally
located lot and there the people gathered.
Anvils and a brass band announced the
opening of the meeting. Colonel B. F.
Cranshaw president of the Santa Barbara
McKinley and Roosevelt Club, called the
gathering to order. His address was a
short but stirring one.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN FRANCISCO ought to be
worthily represented In the Legis
lature and special care should be
taken in the selection of men to
serve in the Senate, as the Sen
ators' hold office for the term of four
years, or two regular sessions of the Leg
islature. There are many indications that
the voters this year will exercise in a re
markable degree the privilege of Inde
pendent voting. So far as the legislative
tickets In this city are concerned there are
no party lines. Republicans and Demo
crats were preparing for their respective
conventions under the Stratton primary
law when the Supreme Court decision
overthrowing the law was announced. The
Immediate result was confusion In local
affairs. Leading citizens who had planned
to take an active part In the creation of
lawful nominating conventions lost all in
terest In the enterprise as soon as they
were denied the protection of law. The
associated bosses of the Republican party, |
headed by Martin Kelly, an enemy of good
government, Immediately planned to stuff
the ballot-bcxes of a "go as you please"
primary. Good citizens of the party were
not allowed to participate In the election
of delegates to the convention. In dis
tricts where the taxpaylng citizens turned"
out to vote the henchmen of Martin Kelly
pent repeaters to stuff the boxes with
fraudulent ballots. By fraud, violence
and all other lawless methods known to
rounders and repeaters the Mint saloon
bosses gained control of the nominating
convention.
In the Democratic party of San Fran
cisco there was no pretense of popular
representation in the convention. District
¦ clubs comprising what is known as the
•'organization" appointed delegates to - a
convention and the nominations were be
stowed by Gavin McNab and Jasper Mc-
Donald.
In view of the peculiar position of local
affairs It Is not surprising that citizens
have generally resolved to vote for the
best candidates In the. field, regardless of
party designation.
The clean, square and honorable Re
publicans of San Francisco knew that
they were not represented in Martin
Kelly'." B'nai B'rith Hall convention:
hence they justly proclaim that they are
under no obligation as Republicans to
yield their support to the Kelly ticket.
In certain Senatorial and Assembly dis
trict conventions where Kelly failed to
control the legislative nominations rep
utable Republicans were" placed on . the
tickets, and such nominations are deserv
ing of support.
The Call has made diligent Investigation
as to the merits and standing of the ten
candidates nominated for the State Sen
ate, and in the interest of good govern
ment and clean politics and for the honor
SHORTRIDGE
SPEAKS TO
THOUSANDS
Rousing Campaign
Rally at Santa
DELMAS ELOQUENT IN
CAUSE OF DEMOCRACY
Five Nominees for State Senate Who Are Entitled to
the Support and Confidence of Citizens.
CANDIDATES ON THE
LEGISLATIVE TICKET
us define the term and let us see if the policy
of the Republican party deserves not to be
classed as Imperialistic and not republican.
For all this, my friends, what palliation do
• our Republican friends offer? They prate in
high-bounding phrase and appeal to the rever
ence- or the people for the flag. If It Is meant
that wherever our soldiers have ra!eed the flag [
It shall be defended against assault the senti
ment Is praiseworthy. If they mean that.
whfrcvfr it has been carried by the fortunes
of nar there It shall remain forever, they are
false to themselves' ar.d false to the teachings
of history. Not long ago I stood and looked
those hoary groves that raw the legions of
Cortez and the truceless battles of warring
tribes. I lookod at the heights and my mind
recalled the story of that September mornlnp
when the introni.1 Howard scaled the heights
and unfurled the flap of this republic. We had
conquprcd a colony of old Spain. When I
was there, however, another flag was flying to
the hrrr^e; the flasr of n new republic, a re
public b.ised on the principles and precepts of
ours. r>ld It involve a diminution of national
honor to pull down that flag?
? • •
N'ow. my friends, these *re great question*.
Maybe before this campaign closes I will have
an opportunity of more fully addressing- you
upon them. My countrymen, the battle is on.
Gird your loins, arm yourself like the warriors
of Israel fcr the conflict. Two banners are
in the fky — the banner of Democracy and the
banner cf Imperialism. As you prepare for
this contest be not dismayed, be of good cheer,
let the star of hope Inspire and guide youi
steps. All men are created free and equal.
Spirit ot liberty, think not in this thy day of
trial, when enemies are gathering, thy children
will deport you. They come from the nation's
ends. Their battle cry drowns the thunder
fwfar on thy altar that the government of the
people, by the people and for the people shall
not perish from the earth.
At the close of Mr. Delmas* speech th?
audience cheered him for several minutes,
and many forced thdr way to the plat
form to shake his hand. The meeting then
adjourned.
SUPPORTED THE SPEAKER.
Democrats Who Wero Chosen as Vice
Presidents of the Meeting.
The following were vice presidents of
the meeting:
M. F. Tarrey. Frank H. Gould. Gavin Me-
Nab, J. S. Tobln, T. T. Williams. J. J. Val
entine, J. H. Talt. James H. Garratt, Louis
Hoefier. R. Beverly Cole, James H. Barry,
WArhington Dodpe. Walter Van Dyke, C. M.
Armistead. Dr. Max Magnus, E. A. Reddy, T.
B. W. Leland. Dr. A. P. O'Brien. Edmond
Godchaux, James V. Coleman. Max Popper,
James L. Flood. J. Downey Harvey, H. L
Rea. Jefferson G. James. Walker C. Graves,
T. J. Walsh. J. S. Warden. D. A. McCoIgan,
William McMann. Will Ashe. R. V. Whiting.
Isidore Harris. Charles L. Weller, W. P. Sulli
van. Stephen Potter, Luke Kavanaugh, James
A. Cooper. John Rosenfeld. D. Samuels, T.I.
O'Brien. A. C. Freese, J. C. O'Connor, H. B.
McAvoy. Thomas F. Barry, Louis de F. Bart
lett. Bart Burke. Louis F. Bylngton, Thomas
J. Clunle. E. A. Bridgford. A. J. Clunle. T. C.
Ooogan. WUlianv Craig, BerJ Schleslnger. W.
T. Bassett. William M. Cannon, J. B.
Casserley, Jeremiah Deasy, William Der.
man. Frank G. Drum, J. S. Drum, J.
J. Dwyer, Robert Ferral. H. T. Creswell,
W. B. Cope. Michael Mullany. William Grant.
D. C. Murphy. J, E. O'Donnell, Barna Mc-
Klnne. H. C. McPike. J. B. Mhoon, J. H. Mil
ler. Charles S. Peery. Emil Pohll, Arthur Rod
gers, M. V. Samuels. Louis T. Samuels, W. F.
Stafford. Ji C. McKlnstry Jr., A. B. Maguire,
J. F. Sullivan. Matt I. Sullivan, F. J. Sulli
van. J. D. Sullivan. R. P. Troy. A. T. Vogel
sang. R. B. Wallace. W. T. Wallace. Rus
rell Wilson, T. E. Treacy, Dr. C. D. McGetti
gan, John Fay Sr., Oscar Hocks, Dr. C. M.
Tropmann, Charles Edelman, Jasper McDon
ald, Sydney M. Van Wyck, Charles Holeombe,
J. C. N'ealon, T. F. Bonnet. R. I. Whelan, B.
F. Hawes, John H. Wise, R. P. Doolan, James
N. Block, General A. W. Barrett. John Mark
ley. P. *J. Harney, Rudolph Herold Jr., Percy
Henderson. D. M. Angler, Thomas F. Casey,
George T. Knox, J. S. Tobin. E. B. Pond.
James Denman, J. M. Klein, Maurice Casey,
William P. Lawlor, H. C. Gesford, Charles
F. Har.lon. M. C. Hassett. Barclay Henley,
Stephen V. Costello, Francis J. Heney,
W. F. Humphreys, Livingston Jenks,
J. J. Dunne, John Garber, E. B. Young.
Henry Eickhoff, O. P. Evans, H. H. Hernan,
F. K. Lane, G. W. Lane. J. P. # Langhorne.
J. J. Lehrman, T. J. Lyons, James G; Maguire,
J. L. Gallagher, Beth Mann, G. H. Cabaniss,
Jefferson Chandler, Cv T. Colnan, J. V. Coffey,
E. P. Morgan, Finlay Cook, Thomas W.
HIckey. E. N. Deuprey, F. H. Dunne, Peter J.
Dunne, Frank Dunn; S. P. Ellas, F. J. Fal
lon, A. J. Fritz, Curtis Hlllyer, J. M. Seawell,
W. R. Dalngerfleld, F. J. Murasky, A. T. Pat
ton J. J. McDade, John O'Gara, C. W. Reed
T. Carl Spelling, C. I* Dam, R. M. Fitzgerald,
W. I. Brobeck. W. E. Dorn. R. M. Sims. E. F.
Moran, A. W. Voorsanger. M. Greenblatt, John
H. Grady. P. J. McCormlck, J. H. Deering,
Charles McGlynn, Joseph Napthaly, J, E. Fln
negan. G. Howard Thompson. Dr. J. F. Gib
bon. B. H. Brooks, James P. Booth, John
Conner, Peter J. Curtis. A. A. d'Ancona, L.
J. Dwyer. M. J. Fontana, R. M. Hntallng, W.
N. McCarthy, John T. Greaney. W. H. By
lngton, W. D. Wasson, James H. O'Brien, C.
W. Fay, W. A. Wise, T. E. Schumate. Donzell
Stoney. Galllard Stoney. Lawrence Brannan.
P. J. Tomalty. Charles J. Gallagher. James J.
Donovan. J. H. Bloom. Jeremiah C6ffey. E. i.
Coffey Hull McClaughry. J. W. McDonald,
J. D. Maxwell, William White,
Aims Rapier Thrusts of Wit and Logic at Imperialism
in Address at Metropolitan Temple.
D. M. DELMAS. WHOSE CAUSTIC ATTACK OX THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY AND ARRAIGNMENT OF IMPERIALISM AT METROPOLI
TAN TEMPLE WAS LISTENED TO BY A VAST CONCOURSE.
LIEUTENANT G. C. THAXTER. PRESIDENT OF . THE . REPUBLICAN
LEAGUE CLUB OF REDLANDS. WHICH ALREADY HAS A MEM
BERSHIP ROLL OF 800 NAMES. :: :- • .
The world has peen the territory of the origi
nal thirteen States gradually expanding until
It reached, by natural expansion, its limits;
the water'* edee on the west, the Gulf on the
Aouth and north to the dividing line of na
tions. It has distanced ; proud England her
self, and hand in hand with Its progress have
come Its educational offerings until to-day 'in
them we march In the lead of nations. Amer
ica stands to-day in the face of ¦ the ¦ world •.*
the most enlfehtened of its nations. What do
our adversaries offer us In, return for its great
principles of liberty. They offer us Imperial
ism. Let u> caJmly examine the oEer. Let
Were these, my friends, the words of a hypo
crite? Were they utterances of a demagogue
who was attempting to palm off a sham on an
unsuspecting audience? The man who uttered
these words had long ago passed the allotted
period of three score years and ten. He was a
man who had more than half a century's ex
perience as a legislator and who for more than
twenty years had been a Senator of the United
Etates. Did Senator Fairbanks when he heard
these words believe that George F. Hoar was
a hypocrite? The Issue, then. Is whether the
people of the United States will change their
republic Into an empire: whether, in fine, the
great bulwark of our liberties, the constitu
tion. Impregnable from without, shall be as
sailed from within. The Democracy Is not at
tempting to deceive th? people when it tells
them that the Issue Is l?etween a republic and
an empire. The question brooks no delay. It
murt be solved and -solved now. Think not.
my honest but deluded Republican friends, that
you can defer the solution till four years hence.
Think not that the remedy may be found with
in your own' rarty. It Is already Irrevocably
committed to Imperialism. Tyranny when once
started on its course never takes a backward
Btep. It marches forward until It reaches the
brink and sinks Into the abyss of revolution.
Solve it now. make your choice to-day, and
let your choice be a sober, prayerful choice.
Ask yourselves what It is you are urged to turn
your baok upon and what you are offered In
exchange. What has been the history and the
course of the United States la the past?
• • •
Let me present to your calm consideration
a few facts. Nearly two and a half years
ago. on May 23. 1S38. or before the reverbera
tion of the cannon of Dewey's fleet had died
upon our ears, a thoughtful address was de
livered la which these pregnant words were
spoken. "We have followed the npirit of
WaKiiington's address until the movement of
fclstrry has brought us to the parting of th<?
ways. Federalism or Imperialism? Which
shall it be?" Why should we seek outRlde cf
the Republican party authority and draw
proofs that the true question presented for our
decision Is that the Democratic party main
tains It is. At the beginning of the present
campaign a. leader In the Republican party ut
tered these words: "I believe, Mr. President,
rot only that perseverance in this policy"—
and he was speaking of the policy then and
now adhered to at Washington— "will result In
the abandonment cf the principles upon which
our republic was founded and will turn It
into an empire. I also believe perslstencey
will result In the defeat of the Republican
party. Whether the great bulwark of the re
public—the American constitution— Is to be
trampled and beaten down. Is now the ques
tion. Self-government and self-control are
passing away. I appeal from the empire to
the republic. I appeal from the present to the
future, to the past."
Let me ask what has prompted these emi
nent Republicans to sever ties which have
bound them bo long? Will you. my Republican
friend?, ascribe their actions to low and sordid
and unpatriotic motives? For very shame, you
dare not. If these are the motives that
prompted George S. Boutwell, what does he
se» to-day In the Republican party* that he
should desert It? "What does he see In the
Democratic standard -that be should, enlist un
der its folds? He, himself, has answered. He
sees In the Republican party a party whose
principles are oppressive and tyrannical. My
friends, on the Cth of next November the
world will behold In th.'s country a sublime
spectacle. It will gee a great army of men
go into the voting places to check this flood of
Imperialism. But the most sublime spectacle
the world will see will be In a Xew England
hamlet, an old man tottering to the polls and
saying. "My name is George S. Boutwell, and
I am for Bryan." The question may be gath
ered from the conduct of this grand old man.
Republicanism or imperialism, which will you
have? I am not Ignorant that every Repub
lican paper taunts and jeers at us for saying
this Is the issue. I am aware that every Re
publican speaker echoes the sentiment of the
party press. And so, my Democratic friends,
we are all hypocrites. We are all preaching
a doctrine of Fham and of fraud. If the ut
terances of Senator Fairbanks at Mechanics'
Pavilion were true, it Is strange that the Re
publicans in charge of the State campaign
did not avail themselves of the opportunity and
unmark us. In the early days of thin month
a courteous Invitation was extended to' them
for a public debate. An answer was returned,
r>olitely declining the Invitation.
ranks of Democracy is espousing Democracy's
cause.
• • •
To-day be 1» keeping bla pledge and In the
Mr. Chairman. Ledl^a and Gentlemen: Th!«
vart *-oncour*e of pecple 1* but a further evi
dence that unusual agitation Is taking place
throurhout the length and breadth of these
T;r.H<w1 Ftaten. I know we are In the midst of
a Presidential rampaiim. but that In Itself does
not account for this agitation. Something more
Is at l«<ue than the ufiual question* of finance
and Internal policy. The people realize that
•hey ere to «Wi<io whether our government
fhall continue in the future as In the paet— the
bright «xemrilar O» the republic*, -or whether
¦we *h«Jl turn our back* on lemons of the past
end follow the exarr.p!e» of the empire* of Eu
rope. There are those who will not. assent to
this proposition. ¦'>.¦*%*
It Is no ordinary Fpectacle In the»e United
Platen to see men, who for a lifetime have been
supporter* of the Republican party, who have
severed their ties from It and listed themselves
lieneatb the banner of th<? Democracy. Among
th»m are Carl Kchurz, Thomas HlKTflrmon.
Famuel Bole» end Senator George S. Boutwell.
«n<l these are not all. The greatest are behind.
mr youth," Raid Georpe S. Boutwell. "I
.•Jjfpcd to create the Republican party, when It
¦was a party of honor and Justice. I believe It
has become tfee party cf despotism. In my
old aee I ehail help deEtroy the Republican
Attacks Imperialism and Arraigns
the Policy of the administration.
Mr. Delmas spoke ln'part as follows:
DELMAS SPEAKS ELOQUENTLY.
Fenator Fims called the meeting to order ;
and paid that in the speaker of the even-
Ing oratory existed in perfection. Senator
F'.mF spoke at some length and concluded
by introducing- R. Porter Ashe as chair
man of the evening. Mr. Afhe said:
"Nearly two years ago from this plat
form I predicted I would V><? elected Sen
ator from the Twenty-fourth District, and
your kindness prompts me to make a
prophecy that I will be elected this time.
If there ever was a time when loyalty to
the party is demanded it is now. It is in
evitable that in party affairs conflict will
firise and wounds be inflicted. But no
true Democrat should let those conflicts
or wounds prevent him from giving his
Fupport to the entire ticket. Is it true
that the party in San Francisco is dis
rupted by dissension? In my district I
have not met a single Democrat who is
rot Jn favor of the election of Mr. Bryan
nnd myself, t'ut I want to make a plea
for the election of the Legislative candi
dates, to Foe t.. it that the Republicans
do not gerrymander this State."
At the conclusion of his remarks Miss
TVelch sang a campaign rong as a solo
ar.d was compelled to respond to an en
core. She sang "The Star-Spangied Ban
ner." the audience standing.
D. M. Delmas was then Introduced by
f'* Chairman Ashc. The applause that greet
"*. him bespoke his great popularity as an
orator.
Makes a Strong Plea for Harmony in
the Local Democracy.
POB.TEH ASHE PRESIDES.
DM. DELMAS delivered a mas
terly political oration last
right at Metropolitan Temple.
The hall was crowded to -(he
ctmost axd the speaker held the audience
tor two hours and a half. Not a man left
the hall and when at the end of two
hours cf speaking the eloquent advocate
eave sign of ending his speech, the great
crowd demanded that ho continue.
Somewhat labored end arpniir»entat!ve
!n the earlier part of his address, the
speaker gradually attained his usual
Ftancard ar.d for an hcur and a half
linger his denunciation of lmperUlsm
End the policy of the Administration to
ward our foreign possessions wer«
listened to with breathless interest. The
spplause accorded him was more spon
taneous than ary of the political speak
ers of the campaign here have yet evoked.
As on the r.ight before at the Republi
can rally, men unaccompanied by women
-were eer.t to the gallery. Below there
were fully as many women as men. The
Feats fined rapidly and at 8 a'elock very
few were left vacant. The audience was
rather slower In gathering than at the
Gage meeting, but when the speaking be
pan there were fully as many present.
D. M. Delmas, the orator of the even
lr.g. came upon the Platform with Sen
- Rtor J. C. Sims, chairman of the Demo
yfep-atlc State Central Committee, and R.
'.^ 'niter Ashe. The audience greeted them
with warm applause.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1900.
Pages 31 to 40
Pages 31 to 40
The key of the gas burner was turned
fully on and the room was filled with th«
suffocating fumes. Around the key was
tied a piece of cotton string about four
and a half feet loner and reaching to the.
pillow on which the cook's head lay. The
string was fastened In such a way that
when Tatsuruml pulled It the gras was
turned on, but it could not be turned off
by pulling the string. . .
The cook had been working at the Seible
house for the last six months. He had a
wife and two children In Japan.
Deputy Ccroner Brown showed the*
string to the Coroner's Jury and explained
how it had been fastened to the key. -The
Jurv. despite this testimony, returned ' a
verdict of accidental death.
'* ' " ¦ ¦ ¦ . . -„ ,- - ¦ - - . . ." . . , -Judging park tandems, wheelers, 15
hands or over— First, John Parrotfs
Bravo and All Baba.
Judging four park four-in-hands, wheel
ors, not under 15 hands— First. Henry
Crocker's entries; second, John Nolan. &
Sons' Sacramento, Egan, Dave and
Frank.
Judging four road four-in-hands— First,
Henry J. Crocker's entries; second, F. J.
Carolan's Chieftain, Prince Charming,
Paddy and Frisco; third, E. D. Beylard's
entries.
Judging all first prize winners In single
harness classes for champion priz«? — First,
Henry Crocker's Mouland.
Judging all first prize winning pair's of
horses in harness for the champion prize
— First, John Parrott's Bravo and AH
Baba,
Judging all non-prize winning horses, in
single harness, classes for consolation
prize — Juan Gallego's Centella.
Judging qualified green hunters, over
hurdles— First, F. J. Carolan's Spectator;
second. F. J. Carolan's Scarboro.
Judging three high jumpers — Won by F.
J. Carolan's Scarboro.
NEW' HAVEN. Conn;.; Sept. ¦ 29.— Tale
defeated Trinity In the first football game
of the season here to-day- by a score of
22 toO. . ,
o CAMBRIDGE. Mass.,' Sept. 20.— The first
football game of.; the season was played
between the -Harvard varsity' team and
the "Wesleyan eleven, the score being* 24 to
0 in favor of. Harvard.- :
Yale Wins.
Victory for Harvard.
BERKELEY, Sept. 29.-The Berkeley
High School football team was "defeated
to-day by the California School of Me
chanical Arts eleven in a pa me played on
the University campus. The score ¦ was
6 toO.
Berkeley Boys Defeated.
LA CROSSE, Wis., Sept. 29.— Tim Mur
ray, a young man charged with victimiz
ing several local politiciajis by represent
ing himself as a collector for the Na
tional Committee, pleaded guilty to-day to
obtaining money, by false pretense and
was sentenced to one year In the State
penitentiary.
Victimized Politicians.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29.— Ulric G. Peters, a
stockbroker, has filed a petition in bank
ruptcy, with assets of $3000 and liabilities
of $73,000. Most of the liabilities are mar
ginal deposits for the j purchase of stock
which have been made by his customers.
The firm of which Peters was a member
did business under the name of TJ. G.
Peters & Co. Miss Helen Henrotin was
formerly a member.. The largest asset is
a membership in the Chicago Stock Ex
change. The failure was produced by the
insistence of a New .York creditor, who
demanded Unmedlate payment, j
Owes Marginal Deposits.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 29.—
The Stanford University team opened the
football season this afternoon by defeat
ing the heavy Reliance Club team in a
close and hard-fought game. Though the
college men had the ball in their oppo
nents' territory most of the time, they
were unable to score more than one touch
down., This jcame late in the second half,
when, after"sendihg their heavy backs
through their opponents' linp, for forty
yards by straight bucks, the 'cardinal
boys pushed Seeley, the big guard, ovor
the last line. £
The work of both teams was ragged,
but Stanford showed the poorest form in
handling the ball. Time- and again were
possible touchddwns lost through rank
fumbling on the part of the backs. Stan
ford's new men- 1 were . responsible for a
large number of the yards gained. Slaker.
the famous Chicago fullb'ack. Bhowed re
markable- speedjn line-plunging, but was
too fadt for his support. , Seeley was a
veritable human plow when supported by
the guards' back formation. Hill and
Fisher also did good work for Stanford
behind the line, while Coward, . Thcuer
kauf and .Dlnsmore ; were towers of
strength .for Reliance. -• At . end Stanford
was lamentably weak early In the game,
but was somewhat strengthened when
Allen went in. The teama were evenly
matched in weight, but the team work of
the visitors was; superior. . The work- of
the Stanford -men Individually 13 encouF
aglng and shows that' Its team will be
much stronger than last year.
The final score was 6 to- 0.: ¦ „ .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tower of Strength to
the Cardinal.
Fullback Slaker Proves a
STANFORD WINS
FROM RELIANCE
SMALL BOY WINS FOR DUDES
Oakland 7, Stockton 3.
The wicked small boy leaned over the
railing of the grand stand in the sixth
inning and called Mr. Harper, manager
and pitcher of the Millers. "Sapho." The
anti-Stocktonians In the "beer bleachers"
took it up. It rattled the Stockton man
ager. Then the Dudes hit him four times, :
scoring four runs. That small boy re
ceived several bags of peanuts from Cal
Ewing after the game was over, but he
kept many miles away from Mr. Harper,
who does not like to be called any such
pet names.
Borchers was on the flab for the Dude3
and he twirled such intricate ball that
the Millers found him but three times in
a full nine Innings. In the Bixth inning
they slammed the ball hard upon the turf
for two safe hits, but nothing in the way
of runs resulted until the next inning,
when three men scored on a single hit,
attended by gross errors and as evil base
throwing.
The second inning put Oakland on the
pcore board. Kelly, Ewing's latest find
for third base, rapped out a two-bagger,
reaching the third station on a passed ball
and scoring on some amateurish miscon
duct on the part of Harper and Catcher
Graham. The latter is Stockton's latest
as a receiver. His game yesterday was
not sun-bedimming.
As soon as they began to "Sapho"
Harper in the sixth inning Drennan
worked off a two-bagger on him, followed
by Hutchlnson, who got into the run
ning on a piece of fantastic Jugglery by
Courtney. Francks came into the play
with a hit and was soon joined by Arrel
lanes, who sent out a ball which the
Stockton pitcher coula not handle. Then
¦Borchers swung his bat and Harper went
up into the air. When the dead and
wounded were listed the bell was rung
four times, once each for Drennan.
Hutchlnson. Francks and Arrellanes.
The seventh meant something for
Stockton— three runs, which were obtained
! by the combination of a Miller hit and
Dude errors. McHale. Streib and Graham
did the score stunt for Stockton. Oak
land cinched the victory by adding two
runs in the eighth.
OAKLAND
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. K.
Prcnnan, c. f 6 .1 1 0 i 0 0
Hutchinson, lb 4 1 0 0 14 ft 1
Franrkx, s. * 6 2 2 2 8 3$
Arrellanes, 2b 4 110 14 0
Kelly. Sb 3 2.1 0 0 8 1
Borchers, p 4 0 18 0 4 0
Held, r. f 4 0 2 10 0 0
Bowman, 1. f 4 0 10 3 0 0
Mangerina, 0 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Totals - 86 7 9 3 27 14 2
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, r. f 5 0 10 4 0 0
McGucken, c.f 3 0 1 12 0 0
Moore, 3b 4 0 0 0 0 11
Streib, lb 4 110 7 10
McHale. r. f 4 1 0 1 2 1 0
Graham, c 4 1 0 2 6 S 0
Babbitt, •. •..' Z 0 0-2210
Courtney, 2b 2 0 0 1 3 2 1
Harper, p 3 0 00152
•Whalen 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 32 3 3 7 27 14 4
•Put In the ninth to bat for Harper.'
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 10 0 0 4 0 2 0-7
Uase hits 0 10 114 0 2 0—9
Stockton 0 00.0 0 0 3 0 «— 3
Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 0-0—3
SUMMARY.
Tbree-baw hit-Held. Two-base hits— Kel»7.
Drennan. ¦ Sacrifice hit— Kelly. First base on
errors — Oakland 3, Stockton 1. First base on
called balls — Oakland 2. Stockton- 5. L«*t on
bases-Oakland 5, Stockton 6, Struck cut— By
Undoing.
Calls Pitcher Harper Names, Which Proves His
Borchers 1, by Harper 5. Double plays — Harper
to Graham to Babbitt; McHale to Streib.
Pasped balls — Graham 2, Manxerina 1. Wild
pitch — Borchers. Time of game— 2:00. Umpire
— H. Smith. Official scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
¦ »
Frisco Wins.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 23.— The Sacra
mento baseball aggregation continued its
meteoric toboggan act to-day. Iburj? was
knocked out of the box In the second in
ning and was succeeded by Fitzpatrick,
who, though wild, was effective at criti
cal times. The feature of the game was
the home run by Kagan and a phenome
nal catch of a foul fly by Reilly. Score?*
SACRAMENTO.
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, 3b 6 1 1 0 4 3 i
Kheehan, c. f 4 0 2 } 2 1 1
Ftanley, c 3 10 0 4 10
Kagan, «. s 3 110 12 0
Doyle, p , 4 112 0 2 0
McLauKhlln, I. f 5 0 l'O 4 0 0
Hanlon. lb 5 2 3 2 7 0 0
Hughes, r. f 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Stultz, 2b 4 0 10 0 0 0
Totals ....35 6 10 6 24 9 2
SAN FRANCISCO.'
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Brockhoff, c. f 32 1 1 3 0 0
Hildebrand. r. t 3 2 112 0 0
Schwartz, 2b .4 0. 1 0 3 10
Pabst, lb ....3 0 2 0 4 0 0
Sullivan, c 3 0 2 0 « 2 0
I-evy, |. f 4 0 0 0 6 0 0
KniK, s. 8 4 0 0 0 3 1 0
RelUy, 3b 4 1 l 0 1 2 o
Iburg, p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Fitzpatrlck, p 4 2 2 0 0 10
Totals 32 7 10 2 27 7 "o
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento . — 2 2 10 10 0 0 0—6
»¦ Base hits W-Z 3 2 0 2 0 10 0—10
6an Francisco 1 4020000 * 7
Base hits 2 8 0 2 0" 0 0 0 •— 10
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible 'for— Doyle 4, Iburg 4, Fitz
patrlck 2. Home run— Eagan. Two-base hits—
Devereaux, Sheehan, Pabst. Sacrifice hit—Sul
livan. First base on balls— San Francisco 3
Sacramento 8. Loft on bases — Sacramento 10
Kan Francisco 6. Struck out— By Doyle 4 by
Iburg 1, by Fitzpatrick 5. Double play—Shee
han to Eagan. Wild pitch— Doyle. Time of
rame— 2:05. Umpire— O'Connell. Scorer— I. C
Nathan.
Baseball for a Purse.
The, crick colored team of Fort Wright
will cross bats' with the Lash's Bitters
nine on the Presidio athletic grounds this
afternoon for a puree of $150.
Crocker cup— Oakland High School, first. Time,
3:2C 4-5.
Flfld event*: Pol*- vault— Won by Cutter, O.
A. C. H»-ieht. 10 feot 8 inches.
Shot put— Won by Kdgren. O. A. C. ; Woolsey,
V. C, second.' Distance. 41 feet 3 Inches.
Running high jump— Doyle, S., first; Clifford,
t". C. second. Height. 6 >et l'i inches.
Running broad jump — Won by Drum. U. C. :
Mau. O. A. C. eecond. Distance, 21 feet 6
inches.
Hammer throw— Edgren, O. A. C, flrjt; Cut
ter. O. A. C, secor.il. Distance. 140 feet «
inches.
The results of the "horse show were as
follows:
Judging horses In harness, over 14 hands
2 Inches and under 15 hands 3 inches —
First, John Parrott's Cockade; second,
F. J. Carolan's Silver Tips; highly com
mended, F. J. Carolan's Pastime.
Judging horses in harness, 14 hands 3
inches and not to exceed 13 hands 2
inches, suitable for a lady to drive— First,
F. J. Carolan's Pleasure.
Judging ponies under saddle, over 13
hands 3 inches and not exceeding 14
hands 2 inches— First, F. J. Carolan's Gad
Fly.
HenvwbofC. IT. C, flrat; Abadle. O. A- C,
*»cr>n<i. Becoo<3 heat — Turpin, A. A,. L., first;
I^jnb, B., second. Third heat— Jones, H. E.
H.- 6.. flr«t; Healr. A. A L,., second. Final—
Herreshoff, U. C. first ; Turpin, A. A. L., sec
cn<l. Time. :10. :
R8« yard run— Pervlce. IT. C, first: 8mlth, O.
O. CL, second. Time, 1:&8.
. 120 yard hurdle, trial beat— Powell, u. C,
Cm: Thomas, O. A. C, second. Tlmr, 16:2.
440 yard run— Burg***. O. A. C. first; Cava-
I!*r secosd. Time, :51 3-5.-
ZT> yard dash— Drum, U. C, first: Jones, H.
H H. S.. second. Time, :22 3-S.
129 yard hurdle, trial heat*. First heat—
?/.<iga. flret; Wools*}*. U. C, iwcond. Second
heat— Thomas. O. A- C. first; Dorr. O. A. C,
e«cond. Final— Lldga first; Powell, u. C, sec
ond. Time. :2S 4-5.
100-yard dash, scratch, for Henry Crocker
championship cup— Abadl*-. O. A. C. first; Ger
fcardt. O. A, C. Becond. Time, :10 S-5.
One-mile relay race, winner to receive Henry
In the first event, a 10>-yard dash. Her
reshoff of the University of California
t<jun won tho final heat in the good time
nf 19 seconds. This was followed by Cut
ter and Doyle from the Olympic and Stan
ford teams, respectlvelv. breaking the
coast record for the pole vault by jump
ing 11 feet S^g inches. Drum, the Berkeley
crack sprinter, lowered tb* 220-yard dash
to 22 3-5 seconds. The relay race went to
the Oakland High School. Bob Edgren
¦won both the shot-put and throwing the
hammer. In the former event he was
closely followed by Woolsey or the Berke
ley team. ,
Next Wednesday will be "Galveston
J>ay"-at the fair. Th« management has
decided to turn over for aid of the suf
f«rers all gate receipts -above-.the average
taken in on that day. On Wednesday
there will be a polo game between crack
players of the coast, a stock parade and
several trotting events.
¦ Th* results of the games ¦ were as fol
lows:
100 yart <Ja*h. handicap, trial heats, first anfl
rtcond raea qualify for final. First heat—
FOR sportsmen, athletes and so
ciety people yesterday was a
grand day at Tanforan Park. In
the athletic events that opened
the fair of the San Francisco and
Pan Mateo Agricultural Association tnreo
records were lowered, namely the pole
vault, the haJf-mile and the C2f>-yard dash.
The weather was warm and the trac+r
lijrhtnlng fast, which made it an ideal day
for smashing track records. In the after
noon the society people of San Mateo held
Bwuy. There were hurdle jumping events
for green hunters and parades of stylish
ponies, hacks and road horses.
In the jumping events Peter Parsons, a
younp society man recently arrived from
Ireland, carried off the honors by his skill
and d&ring horsemanship. Henry J-
Crocker took the prize for the best four
in-hand coach, and when the blue ribbon
was pinned on his leaders there was a
Ptorm of applause In the grand stand as
his turnout was faultless in every detail.
AJ1 through the afternoon the park pre
sented a gay appearance as society warm
ly applauded the results of the contests
from the tops of Its coaches and drags
that lined the inside of the speed track.
GOLF TOURNAMENT.
William Waller Wins the Western
Amateur Championship.
LAKE FOREST! III., Sept. 20.— William
Waller, the veteran Onwentsia golfer,
won the "Western amateur golf champlon
s'lip this afterroon from William Hokt
bird Jr.. the 17-ycar-oid (.Hen View player.
*>>' the narrow margin of one up. Holn
bird, apparently feeling the effect* of his
close morning game with Walter P«.
Smith, played a wretched game for tho
first nine holes and diJ not get over hi*
nervousness until the game was almost
hopelessly; lost.
The sensation of th« day was the defeat
of Walter B. Smith by Holablrd In the
Femi-flnals. Smith's machine-like work
Thursday and Friday had made him h
warm favorite for the honors of the
tournament, but in his game with th»»
Glen View player he was sadly out of
form.
The medals score of the championship
finals was as follows:
"Waller— out. -15; in. 42—87.
Holablrd— out, 48; in. 41— ?9.
The finals for the second and third
sixteen cups wptc rather one-sided. Louis
Allis of Milwaukee took the second six
teen cup from Charles Zublln of- Midlo
thian, five up, three to play, and "Snake"
Ames, famous in Princeton football fctrur:
gles, won the third sixteen cup by defeat-
Ing "W. A. Alexander of Onwentsla. six
up. five to play.
Results of Unfinished Races on the
TWO JOCKEYS SUSPENDED.
Readville Track.
READVTLLE. Mass., Sept. 29. -The two
unfinished races of the New Englanl
Trotting Horse Breeders' Association left
over from last Thursday were finished to
day. The 2:24 trot was won by Consuela
S, who took a beat Thursday, with "Wlna
lta second.
The third heat of the 2:32 pace was won
by The Private, who already had two
heats to his credft. The heat was uninter
esting, for the horses went Jn a procession
all the way down the stretch to the wire.
After the races It was announced by
Starter Jewett that James Golden, who
drove Con Withers, and John Cheney, who
drove Volo in the 2:16 trot on "Wednesday,
and also J. B. McKenny. who drove
George D in the 2:30 pace on the same
day. had been fined $100 each by the
judges and had been suspended from lh<s
track for the balance of the year. Sum
mary : . -
2:12 class pacing, purse JlOCrt— The Private won
in three straight heats. Best time. 2:10'«.
Dark "Wllkes and Rana also started.
2:16 class trotting, purse $1000—Consuela S
won In three straight heats. Best time, 2:134.
Winnka, Kalevala, Billy King and Harry also
started.
Benckart's Good Showing.
BUFFALO, Sept. 29.— Weather rainy;
track muddy, at Fort Erie. The 2-year
old Benckart ran a good race. Results:
Six and a half furlongs— Robert Gray won.
Ice Drop second, Tyrb* third. Time. 1:26*4.
Five furlongs — Formalls won. Tacker second,
Lyror Be'.le third. Time, 1:04%.
Six fvrlonss— Benckart won. Our Lizzie sec
ond. Donna Seay third. Tim*. 1:16'^.
Six furloncs— Wilson won, Karl second. Var
grave third. Time, l:10»i.
Five furlortKs-^Albula won, Prima II second.
Spinel thtrd. Time. I:rt4' 4 .
One mile — T. Jefferson won, L "W second. In
triguer, third. Time, 1:46'4-
WHITEHEAD, the crack grey
hound of the Lopez kennels and
many-time stake winner, haa •
run his last course. The fast
• black and white courser died
yesterday afternoon at Union Park,
despite every effort of his ti"ainer to savo
him. AVhitehead was entered in th*- open
stako and drawn against McComb's Pa
triot for the third course in the run-dow:i.
.Slipped to a strons hare the dogs were
given a run of more than two and a b<?!f
minutes, .with "Whitehead practically mak
ing it a single-handed go and winning by
a score of 17 to 7. The game hound wag
badly winded after his work and never
recovered.
Many times has Whitehead won harder
goes than tho one which proved his un
doing and has followed them up by land
ing a stake winner. While he was ad
mittedly a speedy dog he was pronounced
by many people a victim ofiung trouble,
and. his death is attributed to that cause.
It is likely, however, that his owner will
have an autopsy performed to satisfy
himself, on that point.
Tho strong hares furnished for the stake,
were a fast lot, and as» a result nearly all
of the courses were lonpr ones. Whilo tho
favorites made a good showing, the short
enders which did land were at better than
average odds. The best of the day was
the win of Little Sister over Roval Union
at 10 to L
Reilly's dog took the turn by two
lengths, but was outworked by his oppo
nent. Our Maggie led Sky Blue and
broug-ht happiness to the pikers' camp,
winning- at 7 to 1. Silver Wings beat Erin
at 4 to 1. Bad Boy, in a long race, got the
flag from Rude Awakening at the same
odds. Cruiser added another to his list
of short-end victories, beating Honesty at
3 to 1.
Mac's Melody is In strong favor for tho
stako, with Sacramento Boy and Twin
City Girl close up. Royal Anne and Sara
are factors and stand well as outsiders.
Following are the detailed results, with"
the official scores of Judge John Grace:
Union Park, open stake, first round— Curtis
Sc Sons' Candelaria a bye; J. Carroll's Master
Claire, beat T. J. Crontn'a Wild Tralee, 7-3: R.
E. de B. Lopez' "Whitehead beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Patriot, 17-7; L.. P, Uartels' Best Bar
gain beat E. Dougherty's Hartford Lass, 12-2;
L. F. Bartels' Banner Bright beat Aeneld Ken
nels" Aeneas, 22-7; Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Victor Boy beat A. Vanderburg's Naughty
Girl, S-7; Sterl & Knowles', Amarosa beat Cur
tis & Sons' Kcho, 10-8; T. W. Bartels 1 Betsy
Barrow beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's Faith
ful Lad. 9-6; Walsh & Heenan's Sacramento
Boy beat J. Chambilles Hct Foot, 4-0; J. J.
Kenny's Hot Haste beat Curtis & Son's Vanity
Fair, 18-4; Harrigan & Wiegand's Overture
beat J. Byrnes' Olympus, 13-9; Krwin & Lyons'
Sliver Wingrs beat M. Dunlea's Krln. 4-3: R. K.
deB. Lopez' Crawford Lad beat Pasha Kennels'
Round About. 5-4; James Sheridan's Forest
King beat F. Schou's Kings Borderer, 4-3;
Maher & Reid's Bad Boy beat Pasha Kennels'
Rude Awakeninsr, 17-10; Pasha Kennels' Royal
Anne beat James Sheridan's Forest Queen, 10-5;
J. Carroll's Auckland, a bye; T. J. Cronln's
Vandal beat R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot, 9-3:
K. E. de B. Lopez' Sara beat O. Zahl's Miss
Allen, 8-6; Curtis & Sons' McKinley. a bye;
T. J. Cronln's Rose of TThlee, a bye; J. H.
W. Muller's Cruiser beat P. J. Reilly's Hon
esty. 10-8: Captain Cane's Greenhall beat P. J.
Reilly's "Warship, 3-1: Ster! & Knowles* Sleety
Mist beat R. K. de B. Lopez' Diablo. C4-1: Jeff
Martenett's Slim beat P. McCabes Fair Lillic,
19-13; H. A. Deckelman's J3en Kirbv beat Pasha
Kennels' Rest Assured. V-4: Pasha Kennels'
May Hempstead beat R. McCarthy's Jo>in Doe.
15-9; R. E. de B. Lopez' Dairy Maid beat Cur
tis & Son's Cach. 14-10; T. W. Bartels' Mac's
Melody beat Curtis & Sons' Psyche. 4-0; F.
Patterson's Our Maergle" beat P. McCabe's Sky
Blue, 4-2; Russell. Allen ii Wilson's Strayaway
heat \V. Creamer's Jesse Moore, 5-2; Sterl &
Kncwles" For Glory beat *K. Dougherty s
Springfield Boy, 6-2; .Curtis & Rons' Rector
beat R. E. de B. Lopez" Werlbee, 1S-0; Russell.
Allen 4- Wilson's Scotland Yet beat Curtis it
Sons' Old Glory. 24-10; Pasha Kennels' Fiery
Face beat A. Johnson's "Bald Eagle, 5-2; Mur
phy & Hester's Arena Larl. a bye; Curtis &.
Sons' King Cotton beat T. J. Harrington's
OWING to the hnt weather the In-
Klosido management decided th.it
"relief docs should be turnr:l
loose at the expiration of on
minute in the open stake course*
at San Mateo Park yesterday, and in cou
spftuence the Koes were of the short order.
few of them la'stins much over the limit.
This leaves the hounds that are still In
the stake In pood condition for the finals. ,
Golden Russ-ot showed plenty of spce.i
in her course with Ben BuxnOQd anci seems
to have a Rood chance for stake honors.
Tho Grafter di<LB"od running aivl ia in
risht condition fpr a Ions journey.
The day was a* pood one for tht» favor
ites, not more than half a dozen of the
short-ends getting a decision. In the soi -
nnd rare Rosta CJair. a 12 to 1 favorite;
(•jcapnl tirfcul by a narrow margin by
her opponent; Jingle Bells. The <i .crs ran
an undecided and in the run off Kos.o
won in a close score.
Mi?? Penman beat Golden Garter at o
to 2* Martha Washington biat Keystone
at 2 to 1. Little Fullerton beat Bel'.w
Claire and Honor Bright beat SyUanu*
at the same odds. Racine beat Early
Dawn pointless at 7 to 2, Ben's Babe beat
¦\Vefidinp Bells at Z to 3.
The winner? for the second round look
to be: Tea Rr>se, St. Helen, Mt?s Pen
raan. Victor Queen. Lady Davenport,
lowfi Maid. Young America, Flora Mc-
Donald. Gallant. Mount Ida, Little Ful
ltrton. St. Michael. Santonin, Golden Rus
set. Iov.a Boy. High Born Lady. The
Grafter. First Foot. Ben's Babe, Pleasant
Girl and Golden Rule.
The day's results, with Judge Andrew
Dean's orficial stores, follow. -«y
Oren »take. first round— T. Tlorney^s Tea'
Ttose beat; Schaffer Bros.* Thunderbolt. 9-1:
Kuss«ll, Allen & Wilsons TlO3i« Claire beat
J. Dfmpsey's Jingle Kell!«, 7-5: Connoll Bros."
St. Helen beat "VV. J. Murnane'3 Wild Wave. -
5-0: AV. J. Browning's Mountain Belle tx-at .1.
Byrnes Master Bly. 7-^; V. Burke's Night
' Time beat SohafTer Bros.' Vair iJlen. H-<: Cap
tain Cane's SIlss Pfnman beat P. >T. Clarkson'^
Golden Garter, 5-4; \V\ Calrne'a Imptrlal beat
J. R. Smith's I'etronlusi, V)-»; J. ft, Smith" .<
Victor Queen beat Kelly & Hanley's Haby
King. 6-:.: J. II. Pertsro*3 Lady Davenport beat
It. B. Mnorehead's Slippers. 14-0; J. Dean's
Kiaquoe beat F\ Jones' Lovlna. 6-2: E. 31. Kel
logg's Iowa MaitJ beat F. Xevin's Nellie N,
26-2; C. Grau's Martha Washington heat J.
Flowers' Keystone. 5-t; r,eorx« Sharman's
Bona Firte beat Lowe & Thompson's Mountain
Chief, 6-1; O'Shea Ilros.* Youns Amerlc-a beat
Kerrlffan & Sch^ndell's Kcarsarge. 11-0; Ia>w»
& Thimpsnn's Flora McDonald beat C Ronar'a
\VI1<1 Nir». S-»; \V. Henley* Umbrr Twtij h«-<tt
J. E. Monahan'.i Tired <Jut. S-5: \V. G, 9mA
(ter's Alameda 1-a.l beat Kerrigan & Sohen
dell's Winslnw, l«-0; James Dean'a Gallant
beRt J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prinoe. 6-S; P. J.
Reilly's Moor.briKht beat A. Buker'9 Kanaka.
i4-3: Lan>1e * Oerher's Mount I.'a bi-at A.
Johnston's •^,»wlan>tfr. 7-r»; Lowe ft: Thon.pson's*
Little Fullerton beat. Rn.W.1, Allen & Wil
son's Fell" <*!alr*. 4-2: J. P. Thrifts Forgot
beat K. D. Fallon'n Lily of the. West, 9-4; J.
P. Thrift"* «t. Michael beat Lowe & Thomp
son's St. Oran, *>i; Kuasell. Allen & Wilson'*
Castaway beat W. Henley's I^iylikP. 7-1; K.
M. Kellogir'!! r^»<ly Gilmoro beat I>. Farrells
Ballroom Belle. 11-1; W. O. Olassnn's Scr.to
nln boat Kay Bros." Crosspateh. «-3: P. Jack
son's Golden Russet beat G. Parkinson's B?n
Lomond. 7-3- D. Shannon's Safeguard beat ,f.
O'Dowd's Smiotover. 8-3; T. Locan'j Honor
Brittht beat J. R- Smith's Sylvanus. *-7: II.
M. KelloKs's Iowa Boy beat D. For.is Bonlt.«,
6-3; P. M. Clarkson's Headwater beat J. P..
Smith's Password. 9-1; D. E. Wiley's Hisrh
Born Lady beat Kay F.ros." Sh!Htni?".i Best.
«-0; P. J. Reilty'a The Grafter beat .1. HoUen'*
Scottish Chief, f-6: J. Linnehan's Racine beat
P. J. Keilly's Karly Dawn, t-9; K. If. Kel
lopg's Pen's Pabe beat Russell. A!len & WV-?
sons Wertdlnsr Rells. 9-1: Ttusf=eil. Allen /^
Wll-oor-'s First Foot b«-at P. Crnnln's I^r-» ?
KlnT. S-C: O. Toland's Pleasant fJ'.rl beat V.
Moran's <Jo!il D>illar. <»-": f'aptatn i'am>'s Mas
ter Davenport beat O. Sharman'x Miss Sky
rocket. 7-1: I^nrle & Gerber's foncor.i b»i»l
Russell. Allen & Wl!son"» Sea Breer<». S-.:;
O'Shea Bros.' Golden Rule beat I). OConneM's
Satan. 15-2.
lecture purposes to the Hastings CoIIcro
r>l the Law the rooms to bo vacated by
Superior Judjje Cook In the City HaU.
The Civil Service Commission will take
the four rooms formerly occupied by the
Chief of Police ami Jutljre Mojran's rotirt
and chambers. The Sheriff's offloo will br>
located In Judse Conian's courtroom an<1
adjoining rooms. Tho Free Library will
b*» transferred to Judge, Dunne's "court
and chambers.
Southerner. *1-0; F. A. Mcfomh « L!tt> Sister
l>»at P. J. Rf-lllys Royal Union. 7-1: ».
Handj-'s Tn!n t'ity G'rl heat F. Sohou's Smuit-
Eler. S-o; J. »'hamtv«rlin's Julius Caesar beat
It E. rie 15. Lopez' Feplta. 13-^.
Mac's Melody Made Favorite in Golden Russet Looks a Winner
Union Park Stake. at San Mateo Park.
THE LOSS Of WHITEHEAD WILL BE
FELT BY ALL. THE COUItSIXG FRA
TERNITY.
Owner Orders an . Autopsy >to De
termine the Exact Cause of
R. E. de B Lopez's & Son's Great. Dog
; Succumbs to an Atiack of
Lung Trouble.
Game Son. of Imported Waratah
: Runs.His Last Course at
Olympic Club Representatives Carry Off Many Honors on the
Path While Henry J.Crocker's Four-ih-Hand Wins
Easily in < the Judging Competition.
Five relnsmen contributed still further
to the unpopularity of the harness Rame
by proceedings in the free-for-all pace,
which opened things. Goshen Jim ruled a
1 to 4 favorite for the first heat, finishing
second. Myrtha Whips, driven by Hell
man, won in straight heats. The alTa'r
was not worthy of description.
Undoubtedly the most surprising hap
pening of the day was the win of the
mile and a quarter run by Stromo, a 10 to
1 shot, backed to 6. Much, wise coin went
Into the books on the lumbering gelding,
and he ran over the top of tho pacemaker.
Kickumbob, the last furlong, Fcoring by a
length in 2:09. Edgardo. tho 7 to 10 favor
ite, with Mounce up. ran a disgustingly
bad race. Owner Charles Boots bring ox
eeedingly wrathy over tho performance.
Mounce is traveling rapidly toward the
suspended list.
On Jingle Jingle, though a mare practi
cally unbacked for the seven-furlong
handicap, this same rider shone to much ;
advantage. With Good Hope and St. Cuth- \
bert fighting it out through tho stretch,
Mounce came with a well timed rush ]
astride Jingle, beating St. Cuthbert a half- ;
length. Formero. which opened favorite,
with top weight up, ran unplaced. Good
Hope tired the last sixteenth. j
After causing a tedious delay fit the
post, aided by one or two others of the
company. Panamint. the post favorite,
landed tho sixth event by a nose from So
cialist. Fauntleroy, with the mount on
the winner, put up a very strong finish.
Amasa opened favorite, but the delay
caused the, gelding's odds to recede to X
to 1. and/In the running he was killed off
by Lady Helols-e.
Tiburon, with tho ring laying 3 to n
about his chances, took tho final sprint
hands down from February and Midlove.
Summary:
First race— Free-for-all pace; heats 3 In 5;
purse J500:
Myrtha Whips, b. m., by TCTilps (Hellman).l 1 1
Goehen Jim, b. h.. by Moses S (Eddy) 2 3 5
Kdna R. b. m., by Sidney (Treanor) *.6 2 3
Delphi, blk. h.. by Director <\Vhitfhead)....4 4 2
Cloe. br. m.. by Conifer (Clarke) 35 4
Time, 2:15U, 2:W&, 2::0.
Second race — Six furlongs; selling; purse $250:
J. Kobtnson's br. g. Sidelong, 103, by- Long
slde-Gain (Walls), 10 to 1 1
Clarando. 103 iIIusspU). 3 to 1 2
Homestake. 104 (J. Woods). 5 to 1 8
Time. l:16U.
Swlftwater !>7, CandlPliKlit 101. Gold Finder
10S, Brown Prince 103. Yarbo 100 and The Mil
ler 104 also ran.
Third rac<« — Futurity course; purse $250: '
J. Weber's b. f. MoonbriRht. 115. by St. Carlo-
Moonlight atulz). 1 to 3 1
Phil Archibald. 110 tFrawley). 2 to 1 2
El Toplo, 103 (Stuat), 6 to 1 3
T*me, 1:13^4.
Bill Young 110, lassitude 100 and Richard S
102 also ran.
Fourth race— One mile and a quarter: selling;
r>ur*e $250:
T>. C. Mccarty's b. jr. Btromo, 109, by Strom
¦ boli-Gulltless (Fauntleroy), 6 to 1 1
Kickumbob, 99 fLogue), 9 to 2 2
Expedient, 93 (Fearey), 3 to 1 3
Time. 2:09.
Grady 112. Kdgardo 99. Ping 109. Xone Such
109, Zarro 109 and Kvirnto 109 also ran.
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; purse $300*
W. R. Larzalerc's br. m. Jingle Jingle, 101, by !
Brutus^Nabette (Mounce). 4 to 1 1
St. Cuthbert. 112 (IluU). 11 to 5. 2
Snips, 107 (Howson), 4 to 1 3
Time. 1:2S>4.
Novla 110, Formero 124 and Good Hope 95 also
ran.
Sixth race— Six furlongs; selling; purse $250:
\V. D. Randall's b. h. Panamint, by Fellow
charm-Paloma (Fauntleroy), 11 to 5 I
Socialist. 103 (Tullett). 5 to 1 ~ 2
Meadow Lark, 103 (J. Wood?), 3 to 1....... 3
Time, 1:14%.
Storm King 106, Amasa 107, High Hoe 107,
Limber Jim 103 and Lady Helolse 103 also ran.
Seventh race— Futurity course; selling; purse
$250:
P. E. Smith's b. g. Tiburon, 109, by Friar
Tuck-Lulu B (Stuart), 3 to 5 1
February, 112 (Howson), S to 5 2
MiUlovr. 106 (Fauntleroy), S to 2 3
* Time. l:10Vi.
Mike Rice 101 and The Bobby 113 also ran.
The Golden Gate Fair Association's very
successful mixed race meet drew to a
close at Oakland track yesterday with a
large^crowd in attendance. Some excel
lent sport was witnessed, with three out
of seven favorites finishing -in front. To
be sure, the layers of odds syndicated it,
generally having a round book, still ver>
fair prices were obtainable.
Trotting Horse Men Add to the Un
popularity of That Branch of
the Game by Their
Methods.
Won the Mile and a Quarter,
Closing ,Day at
Ofllrlflttd
STROMO CAME IN
AT SPICY ODDS
YOUNG ATHLETES LOWER THREE RECORDS
ON THE FAST TRACK AT TANFORAN PARK
CHAMPION GREYHOUND WHITEHEAD DIES
AFTER A SEVERE TRIAL ON THE FIELD
Filling Vacated City Hall Rooms.
The Supervisors' Committee on Public
Buildings yesterday decided to assign for
Busy Day for Members on the Courts
of the California Tennis
Club.
The annual election for directors of the
California Club was held yesterday and
the regular ticket was elected— Welner
Stauf, R. J. Davis. Walter McGavIn,
Grant Smith, H. \V. Crowell. George
Whitney and W. B. Collier Jr. The op
position did not develop much force, al
though those composing It would havu
elected one director if proxies had not
been allowed.
A doubles tournament was held and was
W .°r?_. by ,rS eor S e Whitney and John
O Brien. There were sixteen entries and
two names were drawn, those coming to
gether to play aa a team.
Robert Whkney and Delano beat Me-
Ga T ln , a , n 2 Dr - Philip by default. Moor*
and^ Smith beat Fuller andi Drummond
McGavIn. 6-4 6-2; George Whitney and
John O'Brien beat H W. Crowell and .».
A Code. 6-1. 7-o: Erskine and Kuehn beat
Weiner Stauf and Percy Kahn. 8-6. 6-4
In the second round Moore and Smith*
beat Robert Whitney and Delano. 6-2 6-3
SR^l S^tteVni^
Sumner Hardy leaves for Central Mex
ye°ar. n * VS tO be S ° ne at least a
v,^ 1 y? e i.» T *, nIv Sr sUy of California they
have divided the tennis men into four
classes. Each class will have a round
robin tournament. In all there are twen
ty-fouT •entries. On next Tuesday Drum.
Hun? M -rhfc V £ M" P K a , y a*ain S t y Re^bT«
tlrilV oJ^ ¦ "atchwlll arouse much In
terest as both men have ardent admirers.
ELECTION AND DOUBLES
TENNIS TOURNAMENT
BROOKLYN.: Sent. 29.-To-day'g game ended
in a tie after eight Innings of sensational play,
darkness. Intervening. -The Bostons smashed
Kitson out of the box in three innings, but
could do nothing with Donovan in the remaln-
• . Batteries— Fraser ;¦ and ¦ McFarland; • Hawley
and Grady. Umpire— Snyder.
The second. game was a pitcher's battle be
tween Sudhoft and Griffith, Heldrlck prevent
ing Chicago from* winning In the last Inning
by two wonderful running catches in deep cen
ter. . Game called at end of seventh on account
of darkness. Attendance, 1200. Score, first
game:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
ChlcaEO 7 -10 4
St. LoulS ..10 16 4
Batteries— Menefee, Ganin and Kllng; Pow
ell and Robinson. .Umpire— O* Day.
Score, second same :
. Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 0 3 1
St Louis 0 3 1
Batteries — Griffith and Chance; Sudhoft and
Criger. Umpire— O 1 Day.
PITTSBURG; Sept. 29.— Hahn was invincible
after the first.. Leach's wild throw to first In
the ninth allowed the visitors to score the win
ning run. Attendance, 2200. Score:
Clubs— IS?!!! R. H. E.
Pittsburg ' 1 5 2
Cincinnati .......; 3 7 1
Batteries— Phlllppl and O'Connor: Hahn and
Kahoe. Umpire — Enislie.
. NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— Philadelphia was un
able to do anything with Hawley's delivery at
the Polo Grounds to-day, and. as a result suf
fered defeat. Wolverton's home run with
Flick on banes unveil a whitewash. Attend
ance, "10. Score: .
Clubs- - R. H. . E.
Philadelphia ...........'. 2 4 2
New York 4 ,8 4
CHICAGO, Sept. 25.— Twelve men faced Pow
ell in the second Inning In the first game, sev«-n
of them scoring on four errors and five hits.
Chicago made no .more runs.' Menefce was
wild, poorly supported and hit. Hard. Garvin
came in irt the sixth, but vjas hit for three
runs in the ninth. . ' ¦
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....76 61 .59$ Chicago 80 63 .463
JMttsburtf ...74 f>6 .569jSt. Louis 68 68 .481
Philadelphia 68 61 .52;i Cincinnati ..57 72 .441
Boston ...;... 64 63 .504lNew York. ..65 74 .426
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Chicago and St. Louis Tie
in the Second *
Game.
PITCHING THE
CHIEF FEATURE
Six and a half furloncs— Hungarian won.
Alice Turner second. Miss Mae Day third.
Time, 1:24U.
One mile, celling— Meddlesome won. Guide
Rock second. Tom GUmore third. Time. 1:4T&
One mile "and three-sixteenths, hurdles — Titus
won. Eva Moe second, Yaruba third. Time,
2:Wi,4. ¦
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— W. B.
Oatest won. De Blaise second. Grey Forge third.
Time. 1:54%.
Or* mile and « half. i»-lllnR— El Caney won.
Fly Fire second. Fox Bard third. Time. 2:16%.
Six fur!onp3 — Orleans won. Omdurman second.
Marine third. Time. 1:1»> S .
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 2<>.— The ring: at Kin
loch Park got another scorching to-day,
public choices winninR In live out of six
events. Attendance good and track slow.
Results:
Bing Hit Hard.
imr flvp. Two eames will be played on Monday.
Attendance. 27CO. Score:
Clubs— • R. II. E.
Boston 6 15 • 2
Brooklyn 6 :¦?:,. i
Batteries— Dlneen and Conn»r; Kitson, Dono
van and FarrelL L'mplre— Huret.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 30. 1900.
ON THE CINDER PATH, RACE TRACK, COURSING GROUNDS AND THE DIAMOND
BRAWyT ATHLETES STRUGGLED TESTERDAT AT THE TANFORAN' PARK FOR SUPREMACY. THE
"WEATHER WAS IDEAL. THE TRACK FAST. AND AS A RESULT SEVERAL NEW COAST RECORDS WERE
ESTABLISHED. THE MILE RELAY RACE AVAS AVON BY THE OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL TEAM EASILY.
32
A T> v k H.TTRTTnTTriffTg, .
SENT FREETO MEN!
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
A Free Trial Package Sent by Kail
to All Who Write.
PVee trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will writa the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tied for years against tho mental and
Shydcal Buffering of lost manhood that
se Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is » borne treatment, and all men who
euffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varloocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at borne.
The remedy has a peculiarly in-ateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it Is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and baa been an absolute success in
all cases. A reauest to the State Medical
Institute. S2S Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute Is de-
elrous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to 6ee bow easy It Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
axe employed. The Institute makes no re-
f trictlcnfi. Any man who writes will be
cent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
pleltj package, so tb&t Its recipient need
nave no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ STRlCTLf RE L IAS L ~
ifg] Dr. Talcott
'tf \XlH% ipraCticC Conflncd
u I J thc Alalc *
IN THE VATUOrS FORMS OF GENERAL
debility, and convalescence following certain
diseases, truch Is the lowered standard of tha
vital processes that the function of no orcan la
perfectly performed, and with the resulting de-
pression the patient haa a REAL, weakness.
The physician's first thought, under these con-
ditions. Is nerve and other tonics.
Wot Weakness-
Symptoms!
By far the greater number of patterns, how-
ever, seeking relief tfc so-called "Weakness" U
furnished by healthy and robust men. On ex-
amination, we find a Prostat* Oland whioh h,-*,
been damaged by either a contracted disorder
or early dissipation. These patMnts have no
weakness at all. Premature-ieaa. Loss of Vital-
ity, etc., are the symptoms, or disordered func-
tion, of the chronically Inflamed prostate glaml
We find by cufin«r this Inflammation that full
?Igor at once returns. It should he understood
that tonics, electricity, etc., might cur* a real
weakness, but would do harm In Inflammation.
The main object Is to reduce the size of the*
tender, swollen and Inflamed prostate. This we
accomplish by local treatment, thus avoiding
dr-jKs. Men who have unsuccessfully- treated
for a I weakness should now understand the
cause of failure. We send free on application a
colored chart of the organs which will he found
useful In home diagnosis and Interesting to all
¦wishinir to study the anatomy of the male.
Offices and Hospital, entire upper floor.
997 Market St., Cor. Sixth
LADD'S GUN STORE,
Flshins Tackle and Sporting
. Goods. The largest stock on
the Pacific Coast of every description. Send 3
cents in postage stamps for the latest M-paya
Illustrated catalogue. No. i.
¦»¦¦¦-¦;"'..¦-. aSAX DIEGO. Sept. 29.— The California and
Oriental steamship Carlisle City arrived in
port to-day from Yokohama via Honolulu, with
the largest cargo of Oriental goods ever brought
to San Diego. She has a clean bill of health
and was two days overdue.
The second and last song recital of Miss
Anna Miller Wood was given yesterday
afternoon at Sherman & Clay Hall be
fore an appreciative and musical audi
ence. Miss Wood is a thorough artist, of
finished and classic style, without man
nerism of any kind, and with a clear, fine,
full voice of true contralto quality. Her
programmes are invariably well chosen
and her Interpretations sympathetic and
scholarly. Yesterday's list of songs in
cluded the picturesque "Divinites du
Sty*c" of Cluck, the rendering of which
was perhaps a shade lacking In dramatic
fire; some charming old Irish songs dell
ciously sung, and a fourteenth century
"Wiegenlied." its quaint, Gothic spirit ad
mirably suggested.
Among the moderns, Grieg. Brahms,
Goring Thomas and Foote were well rep
resented, the quintet of Foote songs being
especially interesting. Grieg's "Mother
Sorrow" and the Brahms "Vergebllches
Standchen" were differently attractive,
and the '.'Summer Night" of Goring
Thomas (given by request) has never re
ceived a more sympathetic rendering.
The accompaniments of Miss Olivia Ed
munds were notably good, distinguished
throughout by an admirable restraint,
delicate sympathy with song and singer
and a full technical capability.
The Wood Song Recital.
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH bazaar
opened last night under most
auspicious circumstances. The as
sembly hall In the basement of
the church, where the fair is be
ing held, was a dream of beauty. Great
credit is due the ladies of the parish for
the artistic manner in which the hall and
booths were decorated for the occasion.
The booths, twelve In number, are pre
sided over by the following ladles: St. An
thony's booth, Mrs. G. W, Montgomery;
St. Joseph's, Mrs. P. Hennesey; St. Mi
chael's, Mrs. P. O'Neil; Holy Angels, the
members of the Holy Angels Sodality; St.
th«* orchestra; tenor solo by William J.
O'Brien; specialties, Fred O'Connell;
chorus, "Jolly Miners." by St. Paul's boy
choir; selections by the orchestra.
The following parishioners are on the
committee of arrangements: President
Captain M. J. Wlnn. First President R. S.
Shipston. John McGueshin. P. J. McCor
mlck. M. J. Farrell. R. W. Glllogley and
Richard Coughlin.
From early In the evening until after 11
o'clock the bazaar was thronged with
gayly dressed visitors, who spent their
money liberally In aid of the new Church
of St. Paul's. The fair will open again
to-morrow night. During the week some
splendid musical and dramatic entertain
ments will be given In the fair.
Paul's, Miss B. Ney: St. Patrick's, Mrs.
J. Breen; St. Columbus', Mrs. R. S.
Shepston; Sacred Heart. Mrs. M. J. Wren;
"twentieth century," Miss L. P. Ovledo.
The weighing scales are attended by Miss
Maggie McCaffery and Miss Mellos. The
refreshment parlor Is tastefully arranged
and is under the direction of Mrs. Hlm
melston. Miss Mae Rellly conducts the
soda fountain and candy stand, while St.
Aloyslus booth Is under the direction of
Mrs. W. J. Sullivan.
The programme last night was as fol
lows: Overture, orchestra: chorus, "Stars
and Qtrlpes." St. Paul's boys' choir; re
mark* by Rev. Father M. D. Connolly,
pastor of the parish: soprano solo, "For
All Eternity," Mrs. Valerga; selections by
SUIT BBOTJGHT TO STOP
A BAELWAY ELECTION
Minority Stockholders in the St.
Louis Southwestern Claim They
Are Not Represented.
NEW YORK. Sept. 29.— Justice Scott, In
tha Supreme Court, to-day t9sue<3 an or
der directing Edwin Gould and others to
appear In court on Monday and show
cause why an ipjunction should not Issue
restraining Mr. Gould • and others from
conducting the annual election of direc
tors of the St. Louis Southwestern Rail
road on Tuesday next In St. Louis.
The application was made in behalf of
Andrew Haes of London and other minor
ity stockholders in the road. Mr. Haes
and his associates in the application hoftl
over 50.000 of the 365,000 shares of stock.
Edwin Gould Is the president of the road.
The complaint in the suit instituted by
the minority stockholders alleges that the
estate of the late Jay Gould owns about
7O,>.0O shares of the stock, but has been
controlling the company by obtaining
proxies from year to year, and that a
move is on foot to eliminate the minority
stockholders from representation in tha
directorate.
?
Age Requirements for Xroadsmeru
CHICAGO, Sept. 29.— The United States
naval recruiting station here has received
an order from the Bureau of Navigation.
Washington, changing the age require
ment for landsmen to "21 to 25," Instead of
"IS to 25." as heretofore.
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH FAIR OPENED LAST NIGHT AND WAS LARGELY ATTENDED. THE BOOTHS WERE
ALL HANDSOMELY DECORATED AND STOCKED WITH PRETTY BRIC-A-BRAC. FANCY NEEDLEWORK,
PORTRAITS AND PICTURES.
Sergeant James Donovan's Division
Is the First One to Occupy the
New Quarters.
The new Hall of Justice was opened for
the police at noon yesterday. Sergeant
James Donovan's command was the first
to march out of the new quarters, having
been transferred from the California
street police station earlier in the morn
ing.
The new hall is not yet completed, and
the police facilities for a few days will
be limited. Even the telephone system
is not complete and the oflices have not
yet been fully furnished. No provision
has been made for prisoners and the pat
rol wagons conveyed their human freight
to the Harbor and the Central stations.
At noon the California-street police sta
tion presented a sorry sight. All the
lockers and cells had been torn down and
the equipment removed.
The electrical apparatus in the new hall
was connected with the fire alar.m sta
tion, and the police business, in this re
spect, was unhampered. The prison ele
vator and the cells in the new hall are not
yet ready for use. The calls were an
swered by the California-street station
wagon. Prisoners south of Bush street
were taken to Central station and those
north of Bush were conveyed to the Har
bor. Until the hall is completed these
arrangements will remain in effect. The
last prisoner booked at the , California
street station was Jim Hamilton, alias
"Scotty" Hamilton, who claimed he was
from East Oakland. The charge against
this prisoner was drunkenness.
NEW HALL OF JUSTICE
OPENED TO THE POLICE
S. Higahida, His Garments Torn
From Him, Found With Frac
tured Skull and Ugly
Wound on Head.
¦ » ¦
• " S. Higahida, a Japanese boy 18 years of
age, -was found near Harrison and Sec
ond streets early this morning by Police
men Jordan and Ryan. The Japanese was
undressed and had an ugly wound in the
forehead. Nothing is known of how ho
¦was Injured, but the police believe he was
held up by thugs. The wound in the head
was produced either by a bullet or some
blunt implement. It is over the left eye
and Is quite deep.
Around tho waist of the youth was a
belt containing $8. The Japanese was
sent to the Harbor Hospital, where he
was treated by Doctors Robinson and
Bower. The physicians found that his
nkull was fractured, and say that his
recovery is doubtful. The injured man
muttered a few words In Japanese when
he was first found, but soon lapsed into
unconsciousness.
The youth's vest and trousers were
found under the bridge. The legs of the
latter garment had been ripped up th«
sides and his vest torn into three pieces.
Both were covered with blood and dirt.
It is the theory of the police that thug"
either struck or shot the Japanese and
then searched his person ror valuables.
Nothing but a collar-button was found In
his pocket.
Streets.
Mysterious Robbery Case at
Second and Harrison
JAPANESE ALMOST
KILLED BY THUGS
CALIFORNIA UNIVERSITY DEVELOPS
GOOD MATERIAL FOR VARSITY CREW
Seniors Defeat the Sophomores 5n the Barge- Race om
the Oakland Estuary.
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH FAIR
ATTRACTS THE CHARITABLE
Earnest Ladies of the Parish WalHiniglly Leirad TheSr Aid
to Imcfeasc the Bmildiing Funnd.
LkLK SAJS FRAJS CISCO CALL., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 30. 1900.
Music at Trinity Church.
A special music service will be held at
Trinity Church - this evening. A pro
gramme of unusual interest has been pre
pared. Including Schubert's cantata "The
song of . Miriam" and two movements
from' Liszt's celebrated oratorio "The Le
gend of St. Elizabeth," a work which has
never been heard in San Francisco. The
soloists are Miss Ml.HeFlynn. Mrs. J. E.
Birmingham, Mrs. A. Z. Jennings and H.
M. Fortescue, with Dr. H. J. Stewart as
organist and director of the choir. No
tickets of admission are reauired.
Mrs. E. F. Suydam. who attempted to
commit suicide by the chloroform route
in her room at the Hotel Sutherland last
Tuesday because the man she loved,
Henry H. Dickson, had declined to take
her East with him, was taken to the In
sane ward in the Receiving Hospital yes
terday so that she could be examined as
to her sanity. She was taken from St.
Winifred Hospital by Policemen Clark
and Harris on a warrant sworn to by her
brother. Fred V. Tobin. 210 Virginia
street. Vallejo. Her family is afraid that
she will carry out her intention to com
mit suicide unless some restrain is put
upon her.
Mrs. Suydam Charged With Insanity.
OAKLAND YOUNGSTERS THE
GUESTS OF THE SALVATION
ARMY AT FRUIT CARNIVAL.
The executive committee of the Califor
nia State Floral Society met at Sherman
& Clay's parlor on Friday last to arrange
for the, sixteenth semi-annual exposition
of the society, which will be held on the
25th, 26th and 27th prox. It was decided
in addition to tho silver and bronze
medals and society ribbons for profes
sional and amateur exhibitors to offer
special prizes, open to all competitors, as
follows: Best rose exhibit, the Alvord
s:old medal: best twelve named varieties
of roses with buds and foliage, gold medal
(Mrs. G. W. Gibbs); best blooming white
rose in pot. gold medal (Mrs. B. M. Mad
dox); best exhibit carnations, -gold medal
(Miss Jennie Flood).
Prizes for Floral Exhibits.
went to work, and our fruit festival was
the result.".. ,. . ,
There was fun enough to offset the dark
side, and the army congratulated itself
upon this auspicious beginning of the
yearly harvest celebration. Cunday the
army will have exercises at the Expo
sition building in charge of Lieutenant
Colonel , William Evans. Monday af ter
noon from 2 o'clock on there will be an
exhibition and sale there and Tuesday
evening the festival will close. ¦'
upon the bounteous feast of luscious
fruits set forth by the Salvation Army
to-day at its Ninth-street barracks. This
opening of tho annual harvest festival
was billed for 2 o'clock this afternoon.
For hours before the barricaded doors
were flung open a hungry, noisy, rough
and tumble band of little folks edged and
bumped about the headquarters' entrance,
with mouths watering and eyes popping
in anticipation.
When Staff Captain Crawford gave the
word, there was a delude of small hu
manity that fairly swept the good-hearted
hallelujah lads and lassiea off their feet.
Then it was to pile en masse upon the
loads of rich fruit that burdened the rows
of tables. For an hour the throng of
youngsters were regaled, and there wasn't
as much as a grape seed left to tell the
story. Every little guest of the army was
sent away laden within and without,' and
smiling: though besmeared faces were the
evidences of contented fullness.
Behind it all there was a touch of
patbos.
"This was suggested to me." said Staff
Captain Crawford, "by the sieht I ob
served a few days a?o down in the poorer
quarters of the city. I saw little, ragged
urchins running after fruit wagons and
grabbing half decayed, appies, , pears and
? caches from the boxes. The way that
ruit disappeared convinced me that in
this glorious land It was a pity that thej»
children should not have a taste of the
plentiful product of the orchards. So we
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— Like a
swarm of grasshoppers In a
Kansas corn field were the BOO
youngsters, of all ages, sizes and
. conditions, who swooped down
Knights of the Bule Turned
Out in Force.
The Employing Printers' Association of
California gave a banquet last night in a
Sacramento-street rotlsserle In celebration
of their organization. The affair was
largely attended, about • 125 employing
printers being present.
President George F. Neal, who acted as
toastmaster. was presented by E. D. Tay
lor with a pair of sold gold diamond
studded sleeve links on behalf of the as
sociation's members. .
Rlch8rd Munk delivered an eloquent ad
dress, In which he congratulated tho mem
bers on the spirit of harmony which pre
vailed in their ranks. *
Cecil Smith of the Bostonlans sang, as
did W. G. Stevens and a chorus from
TUake, Moffltt & Towne's paper ware
house. The banquet was one of the most
enjoyable affairs of the season, and the
members of the new association feel they
have cause for congratulation on its suc
cess.
EMPLOYING PRINTEBS
GIVE FIRST BANQUET
Enjoyable Function to Which the
Thrilling Escape : From Death
in the Flames.
LOS ANGELES. Sept SO.-The Ross
Hotel at Santa Monica, a three-story
frame structure, was destroyed by fire
at 1:30 o'clock this morning with all It??
contents. Several of the guests had thrill
ing escapes.' two of them. Mrs. J. Ander
son and Mrs. Ross, wife of the proprietor
of the hotel, being scorched and blistered,
in making their exit from the building.
Their injuries, while painful, are not ser
ious. The loss Is about $12,000.
Guests of the Boss House Have
SAMTA MONICA HOTEL
DESTROYED BY FIBE
Many Customers Postpone Purchases
Until After the Presidential
Election.
JOLIET. 111.. Sept. 29.— It Is reported
that several mills of the Illinois Steel
Company will close for a month or so.
The Reed mills are now shut down, with
500 men out o' employment. The shut
down was totally unexpected by the men.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— Regarding the re
port tl^at several mills of the Illinois Steel
Company would be closed for a month or
ir.ore. President E. J. Bufflngton of that
cempany cave out the following state-
have shut down our Jollet plant
for lark of orders. We shall be compelled
to Fhut oth'T mills within the next ten
days for the same reason, although we
hope to keep most of our mills in opera
"Ai the Presidential election ap
proaches, many of our best customers are
postponing purchaws for the reason, as
they state, they wish to wait until they
are certain of «Ue result of the election
before placing any orders."
MXLLS OF THE ILLINOIS
STEEL COMPANY CLOSING
NEW YORK.- S<?pt. 23.— The annual fall
games of the New York Athletic Club
were held to-day at Travers Island In the
presence of about 7000 spectators. The
weather was raw and unsuitable to clever
performances on the track and field. Not
withstanding this, two world's records
were broken. In the 440-yard run handi
cap Maxwell W. Long of Columbia Uni
versity covered tho distance in the re
markable time of 47 4-5 seconds. These
figures eclipse all former records, amateur
and professional, on a circular track. The
other world's record occurred in the h5.ni
mer-throwing event. In which John Flan
nagan of the N. Y. A. C. sent the missile
1C9 feet 4 inches, beating the former rec
ord of 167 feet 8 inches made by. himself
on- the 6ame ground two years ago. In
the swimming championships of tli» Amt-
World's Records Broken.
Jacob Schaelzel.
FREEPORT, 111.. Sept. 29.— Jacob
Bchaelzel, one of the most prominent men
in this section, who has*beeh heavily in
terested In various banking Institutions In
South Dakota and who was widely known
in the West, died to-night, aged 74 years.
SANTA ANA, Sept. 23.— Brainerd Good
rich of Orange, for several years §ast sec
retary of the Santa Ana Valley Irrigation
Company, died to-day after a protracted
illness. The deceased was 54 years old
and was well known throughout the State.
Brainerd Goodrich..
CINCINNATI. Ohio, Sept. 29.-Samuel
Fenton Carey, who was the Greenback
candidate for Vice President with Peter
Cooper In 1876, died here to-night, aged
E7. He was elected to Congress In 1S37 on
a Labor ticket.
Samuel Fenton Carey.
XEW YORK, Sept. 29.— Thomas G. Sher
man, the famous lawyer and single-tax
advocate, died at his home In Brooklyn
to-night. Death followed a surgical op
eration.
Thomas G. Sherman.
Eddie Foy has many warm admirers In
this city, and In years past has contribut
ed more to laughter than any other come
dian that has appeared here. As a mem
ber of the American Extravaganza Com
pany he was always a welcome visitor,
and it la a well-known fact. that he was
the principal drawing factor of that gi
gantic organization. His engagement at
the Columbia Theater, beginning to-night,
in tho newest farce comedy success. "A
Night in Tpwn." and as a star at the head
of his own company. Is an event that Is
looked forward to with much pleasure by
theater-goers. His bubbling humor and
eccentric comedy have given him a tre
mendous hold on the risibilities of his
audiences, and If the part In which he Is
to appear is half as good as Is promised
he will no doubt make the hit of his
career during his coming engagement. He
will be supported by a strong- company
of players, Including Eva Tanguay, who
Is well known as one of the cleverest of
soubrettes. Eddie Foy will be seen In a
character entirely new to the stage. Tha
name of the role is David Scarum. Dur
ing the progress of the piece Foy appears
In various characters which he is made
to assume, each of which affords him
splendid opportunities for the display of
his versatile talents as a comedian.
Eddie Foy Will Appear To-Night.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 1118 Broadway. Sept. 29.
The Nusbaumer faction of the Repub
lican County Committee has deferred Its
meeting for organization until an official
communication shall be received from the
Republican State. Central Committee con
cerning the status of the split County
Committee before the State organization.
Such a communication in writing, It is
stated, will be forthcoming early next
week. It Is announced by members of the
opposition to the Breed wing that the
State Committee will officially decline to
recognize either of the committees, a con
dition which State Central Commltteeman
E. K. Taylor said now existed.
The Breed men vehemently declare that
they have no information that would lead
them to believe that the State Committee
does not Intend to recognize them. But
be that as it may, they are going ahead
with arrangements for a Republican mass
meeting next Saturday night, at which
Senator Perkins will be the chief speaker
upon national topics. It is also believed
that a number of the local Republican
candidates will take part in the mass
meeting.
So far as the split in tho County Com
mittee is concerned the Republicans of
Alameda County are undoubtedly desirous
of pence there. The issue between tha
factions has, however, no application to
the present campaign. It la purely pre
liminary to the contest which is expected
two years from now, when the State and
county fights will attract the attention of
the politicians. The campaign so far os
this county Is concerned will be largely a
district affair, as the candidates outside
of the Superior Judges are district nomi
nees.
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf has
opened headquarters for tho campaign at
1004 Broadway. The Congressional com-,
mlttee will have charge of all of the
work In the Third District. Congressman
Metcalf has been requested to be a
speaker at next Saturday night's meeting.
"William R. Davis, the Republican Elec
tor from the Third Congressional District,
will deliver an address on Sunday evening
at the Unitarian church before the Twen
tieth Century Club, his topic being "The
Moral Claims of the Republican Party."
This Is one of a series which Is being
given by the club.
Oakland Camp, Army and Navy Repub
lican League, will meet Monday evening
at Grand Army Hall Thirteenth street,
near Broadway.
Nusbaumer Nine Defers the
Organization of Its Dis
trict Forces.
AWAITING WORD
FROM COMMITTEE
The funeral will be held Monday after
roon at 2 o'clock from the Macdonald res
idence. -¦•-*'
Her complaint to her mother on Thurs
day that she feared the return of her
physical troubles of a year ago had no
significance till her death and the sus
picions of suicide arose. Then for the
first time the family realized how serious
ly this physical ailment had affected the
pfirl. This is the only explanation which
they can offer for her deed, and even now
they feel that she drank the poison
through mistake.
Miss Macdonald had "been an ambitious
Ftudent. but her health was not equal to
the task, and she was compelled to re
tire from the High School before she had
completed her course. She fretted con
elderably upon this subject, but never a
suggestion that she would end her life
was offered. She had Bald life was of lit
tle arcount to her, but this remark was
not taken seriously by those who heard It.
The parents and brothers of the young
•woman are almost beside themselves with
prief and perplexity over the unaccounta
ble deed. Only a few minutes before she
retired to her bedroom Miss Macdonald
•was in apparently most jovial spirits.
There were several callers at the house
whom she had been entertaining and
there was nothing in her conduct to indi
cate that she contemplated self-destruc
tion.
The vial was not empty, but sufficient of
the deadly fluid was gone to indicate that
the despondent girl had taken a large
enough draught to caus<» death speedily.
All doubt concerning the cause of Al
berta Macdonald'P tragic death was re
moved to-day by the post-mortem exami
nation hold by Dr. J. M. Shannon and Dr.
C. M. Selfridge. That the young woman
died from carbolic acid poisoning was
Ehown beyond question. The bottle which
had contained the poison was found to
day in the yard at the Macdonald resi
dence on Chicago avenue, directly be
neath the window of the bedroom where
the girl lay down to die. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Sept. 23.
Caused by Deadly
Poison.
%
Alberta Macdonald's Death
CARBOLIC ACID
ENDED HER LIFE
George Evans, the woman's little son.
stated at the hospital tha* his mother
made him beat his drum because she liked
the sound. He said it often made him
tired, but she made him keep it up to
please her.
The complaint against Mrs. Evans was
filed by Mrs. Hattie Mincher, who In ad
dition to the recital of the drum story,
states tha* Mrs. Evans frequently quar
reled with oer neighbors and on several
occasions threatened to shoot them. Mra.
Mincher alleges that Mrs. Evans threw
refuse on her neighbors' doorsteps and
when they remonstrated with her shs
used vile languaf.«.
Mrs. Evans was taken to the Detention
Hospital in the police patrol wagon. She
will be examined as to her sanity next
Monday morning. Her husband is an em
ploye of the Pacific Sheet Metal "Work?.
Seventh and Townsend streets, San Fran
cisco.
Before going to school George would be
commanded to strap on his drum and
march up and down to whatever time his
mother dfsired. On many occasions tho
"double quick" was the order.
The martial sound of the drum was
sweet music to the ear of Mrs. Elizabeth
Evans of 1151 Fifty-third street, accord
ing to her neighbors, who have sworn ta
a complaint charging her with Insanity.
From morn till night, say "the people of
Fifty-second street, Mrc. Evans compelled
her 9-year-old son, George, to beat with
might and main a big snare drum, that
she might be amused. The lad was kept
at the arduous task of drum beating until
he sometimes was hardly able to ply the
EtlCKS.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Sept. 29.
Rattle of Instrument Was
Sweet Music to Mrs.
E. Evans.
LIKED MARTIAL
SOUND DF DRUM
More Than Two Thonsand Bodies
Officially Reported Found.
GALVESTON, Sept. 29.— Twenty-eight
bodies were reported to 'have been recov
ered from the debris to-day. This report
includes but three wards out of the six
wards which are known to contain bodies
burled in the wreckage. To date 2339
bodies have been officially reported found.
GALVESTON'S DEATH LIST.
The concert given last night In the grand
nave of the ferry depot by the bands of
the United States steamers Iowa and Pen
sacola for the benefit of the Galveston
sufferers added a Mdy sum to the relief
fund. Sevt n hundred people testified their
generosity by their presence and were
amply repaid with a magnificent pro
gramme rendered by the two excellent
bands in addition to aiding the worthy
cause. The receipts will aggregate about
$250, though exact figures could not be
ascertained, as a number of tickets are
unaccounted for.
Harbor Commissioners Kllburn. Hamey
and Herold, Secretary English, Chief
Wharfinger Henderson and Assistant
Chief Dryden had worked unceasingly for
the success of the benefit and were amply
rewarded for their efforts. They were all
on hand as a reception committee to min
ister to the comfort of the guests..
The bands were under the leadership of
Professors Stanton and Gomez, and a fine
programme was presented The bands al
ternated In the selections and Joined In
the playing of several numbers. The fifty
musicians produced a volume of tone that
resounded throughout the building and
caused genuine edmlratlon. The duet for
cornets by Messrs. Kennedy and Pacheco
of the Pensacola band received a well
merited encore.
GALVESTON RELIEF FTTND
CONTINUES TO GROW
Iowa and Pensacola Bands Flay for
Benefit of the Sufferers
in Texas.
SAN* JOSE. Sept. 29.— An Inquest over the
body of the man found dead In the train near
Palo Alto was held to-day. His name was
found to be Jeremiah O'Sulllvan, and a bank
book shows a deposit of JToOO In the Hlbernla
Bank of San Francisco.
RANDSBURG. Sent. 29.— The Yellow Aster
Mining Company decided to-day to Immediately
build a 100-stamD mill of the latest design
This will be In addition to Its present 30-stamp«
mill, which has been In operation for the past
two years.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Sept. 29.— William
Foulks. city detective, was shot and In
stantly killed to-night while trying to put
a stop to a shooting affray between union
and non-union molders. Two of the union
men were shot and slightly wounded. The.
police have arrested Thomas Jennings,
Charles Peck. Edgar F. Mclntyre, Frank
D. Irving and Willis E. Webster, all non
union men.
Detective Killed.
PORT TOWNSEND, Sept. 29.— Two
steamships— the Oregon and the Portland
— arrived from Nome to-day. The former
had 462 passengers and the latter eighty
eight passengers, two boxes of bullion
and a partial cargo of Arctic furs. Ac
cording to the records of the quarantine
officers. 2000 persons have arrive-d from
Alaska and have been Inspected here dur
ing the last four days.
Exodus From the Gold Fields.
University of Pennsylvania lowered the
American 100-yard record of 1 minute 8 3-5
seconds to 1 minute 5 3-5 seconds.
Outrigger skiff race) final— Default to Cerf.
course was perfect and proves that it is
possible to get good water for shells on
San Francisco Bay.
"The Etudents need training and they
need good boats. The university has
shown a commendable Interest in the re
gatta. President Wheeler is the leading
authority on college rowing on the Pacific
Coast."
The results of the events were as fol
lows:
Interclass barge race, cne mile— First heat
won by senior crew— II. E. Magee, E. B. Har
ley, B. B. Morse and n. L. Beck; cockswain.
Griffiths. Time. 5:15.
Fifty-yard swimming race— Won by Con
aughy. time 30 Eeconds; second, Hall, time 32
seconds.
Interclass barjee 'race, one mile — Second heat
won by sophomore crew— KIngton, Gould, Ai
ling. Cerf. Time. 5»29.
440-yard swimming race— Won by Symmes,
time 8:20: second. Townsend. time 9:10.
Outrigger skiff race, one mile — First heat won
by Cerf. time 8:»; second, E. Moore, time 8:30.
Second heat— Won by KJngton, time 6:45; sec
ond. Harley. time 6:54.
Barge race between staffs of college papers-
Won by Occident crew— ChrUtensen. Gorden
ker. Steinhart. Adler; Pierce, cockswain. Sec
ond, California crew— Masters, Allen. Butler
Efhelman; cockswain, Dickson.
100-yard swimming race— Won by McCon
auphy. lime 1:57; second, Symmes. time 2:03.
Interclass barge race, finals— Won by senior
crew, time 6:57; second, sophomore crew, time
President Wheeler, who acted as ref
crre, followed the various contestants
over the cours? in the launch Leonor. ac
companied by TV. c. Goodwin, |the Yale
oarsman, who had been coaching the
crews. The finals in the interclass barge
race developed an excellent contest be
tween the senior and sophomore crews, In
The day "was perfect for aquatic sports.
The racecourse was smooth as glass and
the water warm for the swimmers. Ses-
Elons Point was crowded with spectators,
while the estuary was alive with canoes.
Small boats and yawls. The sloop yacht
Anr.Ie was gayly decorated in honor of the
occasion.
The events of to-day. In the opinion of
President Wheeler. Coach Goodwin and
other members of the faculty and student
body, mark the real beginning of 'varsity
rowing.
patta this afternon on Oakland
estuary ar.i Sessions Basin. The Univer
sity Boat Club has planned regattas be
fore, but for lack of proper direction and
Interest they Invariably met with little
FUCCCSS.
OAKLAND. Sept. 29.— The most
successful programme of aquatic
sports In the history of the Uni
versity of California was the re-
"The rowing was very creditable under
the circumstances. If one compares to
day's contests with California's first at
tempts at football he will see there is
nothing in them to be ashamed of. The
Coach Goodwin Is enthusiastic concern-
Ing the future of boating In the univer
sity. At the conclusion of the day's events
he said:
The first and second heats of the barge
race showed excellent work on the part
of several oarsmen, but the crew work of
the Juniors Vind freshmen was ragged.
President Wheeler expressed himself as
pleased with the Rood start that had been
made In boating by the students.
"We have no crew at present which Is
fitted to do exhibition work." he said,
"but among to-day's performers I have
picked out several men who will make
excellent 'varsity material. The race
course from Harrison-street bridge east
ward Is perfect for one and two mile
races, while three-mile events could De
rowed opposite the mole. I look for an in
creasfd interest In this, the best of
sports."
¦which the shells wer<» rip and tuck for
the greater portion of the mile. At the
finish the seniors, aided by the skillful
work of Cockswain Griffiths and Stroke
Magee. forged ahead and won by several
lengths. The slow time In this race was
due to the fact that It took place late In
the afternoon, when slack water had
given place to a 6\vlft adverse tide.
SENIOR BARGE CREW OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA THAT DEFEATED THE SOPHOMORES BY A
GOOD MARGIN ON THE OAKLAND ESTUARY YESTERDAY AFTERNOON. NO. 1. H. B. MORSE; NO. 2. E.
I* BECK; NO. 3. E. B. HAKLEY; NO. 4 (STROKE). H. E. MAGEE; COCKSWAIN. M. S. GRIFFITHS.
Little Guests of the Hallelujah Soldiers
Leave, Filled and Happy.
SALVATION FRUIT FEAST
PROVES A DRAWING CARD
33
THE DAY'S DEAD
715 Market St. 8.F. t Shattnck Ar.Perkeley
9th & Washn, Oak Central Ave, Alameda
7th & Wood, Oak. J 53 1st Street. Saa Jose.
Creamery Butter
Point Re/es or en n n ro «» rr»
Hmnboidt. square 35c
Usual good quality.
Eastern Ham pound 12c
Sugar cured. Tender and Juicy.
New Cranberries quart 10c
Cape Cod. First of the season.
Tepee Soap 12 bars 25c
Made by Cudahy. Same quality,
same size as Lenox.
Early Breakfast Coffee
Strong, fine flavor. — -„ _ J _ _„
Regular »>c pOUnd I5C
Dr. Price's Baking Powder
The original *v«,,«J «~,
Regul r 45c. pOUIld 3OC
Rolled Oats 10 pounds 25c
Finest Eastern. Selected Oats.
Regular 7 pounds 25c. I
Vulcan Matches pkg. 3^c
Used exclusively by V. 3. i»avy.
Usually 10c package.
Table Claret 'gallon 25c
Smooth— good wine. Reg. 40c
Reisling Wine gallon 35c
Good— eTen for bottling. Reg. COc. >
Port and Sherry Wine
From St Helena __ 1 1 _. _ . _
vineyard. 1395 gallon 4^C
vintage. Regular 73c.
St. Lawrence Tonic Port
5?S healthMd gallon 6oc
Regularly Si/0.
Sunny Brook Whiskey
Distillery bottling. Krt*.*.!**. AAA
Fullqnart. full proof. DOttle OOC
Regularly $1.23
Old Crow Whiskey
Guaranteed genuine Vi/>f*-1^ *±mL
Old Crow. Reg. J1.25. DOttle Cj^CIvanhoe Circle.
Ivanhoe Circle, Companions of the For
est, will give a camH-al dance to its
friends in the A. O. F. building on th;:
evening of Thursday next.
The music menu for the following week
Includes p. chamber music concert by the
Minettl Quartet at Sherman-Clay Hall
next Friday afternoon, at which will be
sriven for the first time ' In this city
i\ Russian quartet, hy Ippolltf>-Iwanow.
Edward Xavler Rolker announces a
"Third Hour of Song" at the same place
en the evening of October 4. At the Von
Meyerinek School of Music Mrs. ITenrt
Fairweather will lecture on "God In
Shakespeare." and the students will ren
der a number of Shakespearean songs. A
member's concert will be clven October
5. in tho auditorium of the T. M C A
bulldlnp.*by the Knickerbocker Quaret.
A notable recital In the coming month
will bo that of F. M. niggerstnff. at one
time a pupil of Mr. LIsser, and but lately
returned from Berlin. He will be well re-
Which reminds m«» of another symphony
matter. Madame Teresa Carreno, has
written to the symphony, authorities In
San Francisco to Inquire as to opportuni
ties of an appearance here with orchestra
in February next, and if the. attempted
season at the Tivoll Is successfully In
augurated, we may hear her, and also
Miss AiiKiista Cottlow, in some of the big
pi? no concertos.
It Is understood that the Saturday
Morning Orchestra will shortly resume
its work under the direction of Oscar
Well. The director of last year. P. C. Al
len. Is now In Seattle, and will probably
remain there for somo time. It Is his In
tention to Inaugurate a series of sym
phony concerts in the northern capital
during the coming: winter season.
The Orpheus Glee Club pave a pood pro-
Rramme nt their second annual concert at
Golden Gate Hall the other evening.
Among the club members a concerted ar
rangement of the "Star-Spangled Ban
ner." by Slgnor Martinez, was Riven with
grood effect. A large audience was in at
tendance and appreciated the efforts of
the performers to tho echo.
• • •
An Interesting 1 programme was fur
nished on Thursday evening at a benefit
concert given In aid of two blind boys,
August and Willie Franklin, who are In
destitute circumstances. The affair was in
the hands of Mrs. John Pettee and L, P.
Bacigalupl, who must be congratulated
on the success of their efforts. Most of
the numbers were given by blind artists.
among whom must he especially men
tioned H. Foster, ¦who played the B flat
major "Polonaise" of Chopin and also a
clarionet solo, "Polka de Concert." hy
Jaupert. The other participants In the
programme were Miss Ula Whaley, Miss
Marguerite Slocombe. W. Brookes. Missi
Marie Abolllo. and Frank King. The San
Francisco Conservatory Mandolin Club,
Edward Lloyd and Alfred Wilkle also as
sisted In the good cause. The amount
realized has not yet been ascertained,
many subscribers remaining to be heard
from.
made JS70. perhaps as large an amount
as has been made at a cnild's concert
since the days of little Josef Hoffman's
first appearance. Little Miss Stencel, who
Is 12 years old, by the way, will loave
New York, where she now Is, for Paris
next Tuesday in company with Mrs. Hugo
Mansfeldt for further study.
A number of wealthy Easterners have
offered to take charge of the child's edu
cation for several years to come and
doubtless when Miss Alma returns to
California It will be as a nnished artist.
Paderewskl himself paid high tribute to
her attainments and Incidentally to the
good training she had recetve..
« • • •
membered by readers of the "Musical
Courier" for hla bright comment on things
musical In Berlin. B. FLAT.
The regular monthly meeting of the Na
tive Sons of Vermont will be held on the
evening of October 5 at Odd J Fellows'
Hall. The following programme has been
prepared for the occasion: Columbia Min
strels—P. A. Grifflng. manager: lnterlocu
fcST. George Cheney; bones— F.' Howell. W.
Tho Ran Francisco Conservatory of
Music will give a concert on Friday after
noon. October 5, at the Alhambra theater,
on which occasion the following program
will be presented: Piano solo, Vnlse No.
2 Op. 55 (Godard). Miss Clara Gomersai:
violin solo. Fantasie XI (Harris). Gladys
A. Couth (child violinist); piano solo. Im
promptu Op. 29 (Chopin),, Miss Maybelle
Kelley; vocal solo. "Sing Sweet Bird"
(Gauz), Miss Marguerite Slocombe: piano
polo, "Polonaise" Op. 41. No. 1. (Chopin).
Mrs. K. Borgwardt; zither and bow-zither
(selected), Mr. and Mrs. Bachmann; two
pianos, two violins and cello, Sonate No.
1 (Mozart). Misses Hilda Schloh, Jose
phine Rahlmann, A. Benson, M. Abellle
and Mr. R. Mcl>ean; piano solo, "Etude"
Op. 10, No. 12 (Chopin). Miss M. Muncle;
vocal solo, "The Clang of the Forge"
(Rodney). Daniel Shurin Jr.; presentation
of prize, highest percentage in theorv and
harmony class; overture. "Faust" (Gou
nod), San Francisco Conservatory Man
dolin Club; violin solo, "1a Serenade
Espagnole" (Herman). Miss Marie
Aboille; piano solo, Op. 53
(Chopin). Miss Juliette Grass; vocal solo,
"You aro Mine" (Reginald de Koven),
Mrs. J. F. Lucey; cello soil, (a) Andante
Concerto No. 1 (Oottermann), (b) Minuet
to No.2 (Popper). R. McLean, accompanied
by his teacher, J. [..oui.s von der Mehden
Jr.; piano solo, "Spinning Wheel" (Men
delssohn), Miss M. Mollnl; baritone polo
(selected). H. LIndacher; Cavatlna (Raff),
San Francisco Conservatory -Mandolin
Club: sketch, "Two Old Cronies." Messrs.
H. Cyrus Zrownleo Newton and H. Mar
vin.
In the Future.
The Athenian Social Club gave a very
pleasant trolley ride to the Cliff House,
Ingleside and other points of interest last
Friday evening. Th«» special party car
Hermosa. was hired for the occasion and
the affair wound up with an enjoyable
supper at the residence of Mrs. Parker,
539 Alvarado street. Those present were:
Misses Kate Parker. Alma WoodhridRe,
Vejita Parker. Susie Parrlsh, -Marlon Bur
ne.«s. Hena Murray. Emily Velrs. Anna
McLea, Minnie Knox. M. L. Hall; Messrs..
A. Hawksley. William Curtis. Herbert
Curtis. A. Ross, Frank Viers, J. Viers
Horace Yule. Mrs. Parker and Mr«.'
Woodbrldgp acted as chaperones.
Miss Grace Marshall and Bert Georges
invited their hosts of friends to Sherman
& Clay Hail on Friday evening, on which
occasion these young musicians gave a
fine programme of classical and modern
compositions. Miss- Marshall played with
much Fkill selections by Beethoven. Rach
maninoff. Bendel, Chopin and Saint-Saens.
Mr. Georges sang the prologue from
"Pagliacci" nnd other fine numbers. Tho
hall was crowded, and the participants
received quantities of flowers and much
applause.
Club Parties.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Goodman. 807 Brodenck
street, gave a dinner Sunday. September
£!. In honor of the engagement of Miss
Florence Abrams and Abe Kutner.
brecht. Daniel Gelssler, Dr. Belgfeld and
wife, P. Schafer and wife, Fred Giessler,
wife, son and daughter. Mrs. Maurer. Miss
Maurer. Albert Schneider. Mrs. Golley
Miss Golley. p. j. Walsh and wife and
Captain Richards and wife.
Mr. and Mrs. Steve Simmons of 676
Grove street entertained Mr. and Mrs. L
Siuhr and their daughter Maud with an
elaborate dinner on Saturday evening.
September 22. After dinner a new farce
comedy entitled "Hammers" was played
with great success.
A pleasant birthday and surprise party
was tendered to Mrs. Mercedes I.elli of lf>23
Kcarny street Wednesday evening last.
Mr. Lelii. who [s a prominent member of
the Italian Philharmonic Club, had a
large number of its members present, who
gladdened tbe occasion by the most de
lightful musical selections. Refreshments
were served ;>nd th<» surprised hostess
was toasted time and again in bumpers
of pparkling champagne.
Amonpr those present were the follow
ing: Mr. and Mrs. 1^>I1I, Major Nedlog,
Miss Maiilda Matly. Profe?por A. Mar
chio H Tosi. Mr. Isola. It. Venturing J.
Sterlini, E. Roochl. P. Kiorini. J. H.
Whitlv. James Anderson. James Rhilcock.
R To"si, G. Crema. Frank F. Michellzzi.
Mr. and Mrs. Raggi. Mr. and Mrs. Ro
naccl. Mrs. Garrini and daughter. C.
Crespi. E. Bonlnsegnl, S. Abello, Mr.
Campini. Mr. Cinquinl.
A pleasant surprise birthday party wa«
tena > r ,»d to Miss Lillian O'Connor at her
residence. 561 Natoma street, by her many
Searles, Isabelle Pullivan. Muriel Sullivan,
Edith ChriftrnFon. Theresa Sehnor, Ca
viml Bole. Angellne Angin. Joe Mitchell.
Walter Sullivan. Henry Uebner. Angelo
Angin. George Crew. Max John. Norman
Searles. Ed Eiden. Charles Heinz. Arthur
Short. Willie Schor, Fred Schabiague and
Maurice Murphy.
MISS BERTHA MOSER. WHO WILL. BE MARRIED TO-DAY TO GEORGE
HENRY MEYERS. THE WEDDING IS TO RE VERY QUIET. ONLY
RELATIVES WILL WITNESS THE CEREMONY.
"Otnllo." from its excellent opportuni
ties for a quartet of principals, was
chospn to open the season on Wednesday
evening last. A chorus of thirty voices,
under th*» direction of Pignor ITrsomHndo.
had been at work for weeks upon the
opera, and others of the Azzali repfr
toire, and in consequence of the numerous
rehearsals were in unusually satisfactory
shape. Everything seemed to be in ad
mirable readings. Tho company gath
ered for rehearsal on Tuesday morning
prepared to go through the opera with
flying colors, and the time camo to be
gin. But alack and alas— this Is a hard
luck story— when the smiling Impresario
was asked for the orchestral parts for
the musicians he announced, with tragic
effect worthy of Othello himself, that the
music had all beon left In Mexico! The
full meaning of the calamity Is best un
derstood when it is remembered that it
is -quite impossible to obtain the orches
tral parts of "Otello" or any ojher work
of like magnitude In the city, tho slight
demand encouraging no supply.
Of course, the other grand opera com
pany in town was remembered immedi
ately, but an appeal to the generosity of
As has been reiterated to weariness,
postponement after postponement has
been the order of the day with the hoo
doood Azzali fngagement at the Califor
nia Theater, from Its delay by. the Gal
veston storms, to the latest disaster of
the prima donna's Illness. But it seemed
as if the luck had changed when the
much-delayed company at last arrived
safely In town on Monday evening, in
excellent health and fine condition, and
there was joy in the Friedlander camp
therefore, and a humhlo hopo that fato
had nt last ceased her persecutions. But
It was not so to be.
Tt is rot often that a couhle of hundred
dollars or more goes begging In the San
Francisco musical world, but such was
th? case th.' other afternoon when Mme.
Turconi-Briin! of the Azzali Grand Italian
Optra Company was suddenly taken seri
ously 111. And herein lies a moral for the
consideration of the local soprano.
EVENTS IN THE
MUSICAL WORLD
Another California child wonder, Alma
Stencel. a. pupil of Professor Hugo Mans
feldt, has recently achieved a remark
able success in the East. She has been
concertlzlng In Saratoga. Newport and a
number, of other : prominent watering
places and has received the most flatter
ins aress notices. At one concert sho
The farewell concert of the little pian
ists, Paloma and Karla Schramm, on last
Tuesday evening, was a very successful
affair. Eight-year-old Karla made her
Fecond programme appearance with the
Field "Nocturne" (No. 2) and the Durand
"Concert Valse" In A flat. The little girl
bids fair to become a worthy rival of her
clever sister, her touch, tone and inter
pretations being amusingly like those of
her tiny teacher so far. She has not yet
developed any special faculty for Im
provisation, that power which so distin
guishes Paloma from the average child
wonder, . nut ¦- that she haa " an almost
equally, remarkable musical gift Is quite
evident. They will shortly leave San
Francisco for a northern tour, and will
then, it Is understood, concertlzo for a
season In the East.
The subscription list for the symphony
concert to be given at the Tlvoll Opera
house on Thursday aftprnoon. October 23,
is climbing up In satisfactory fashion.
The "Symphonle Kantastique." which has
never before been given In San Francisco,
was studied by Mr. Hlrschfeid under the
distinguished conductor of the Boston
symphony concerts. Emil Paur, which,
with Mr. Hlrschfeld's ability, is certain
warrant for a scholarly rendering. A set
of steel chimes to be used in this Berlioz
production Is now In process of construc
tion.
To limit th<» unavailing regret of the
Lueias that might have been I may say
that I Judge it strictly within the proba"
bilitles that the Azzall singers would havo
declined to perform with. any substitute
that could have been secured! even Melba
herself!
Then libraries were scoured, old opera
singers appealed to, second-hand stores
searched, conductors implored and at last
a lono copy of "Lucia" was discovered.
Joyfully bearing his prize the fortunate
discoverer hurried to the distracted Az
zali, and the two hastened to Implore the
prlma donna lyric soprano of the com
pany to consent to appear in the opera on
Wednesday evening. The lady speaks no
Kngllsh. the manasrer no Italian, and a
lively colloquy through the medium of an
Interpreter was carried on. But Angelina
Turconl-Bruni was ill— it is the Immemo
rial privilege of the prima donna to be
ill nt the most effective and awkward
juncture — and she said "impossible" In all
the varied tonrs of her delightful lan
guage and voice. But at last, about mid
night, and in scant time for a change in
tho following day's advertisements, she
consented to undertake the role, which. In
truth, was generously done, as she was
veritably suffering from a severe cold.
And on Wednesday morning, accordingly,
a full rehearsal of "Lucia." without the
principal, took place, golnsr off splendidly.
Then came th<* earlv afternoon's an
nouncement of the still more serious in
disposition of the artist, and the manage
ment was at Its wits' end Indeed.
Could any one be induced to substitute?
Barbaresehl is a dramatic soprano and
the role Is not In her reportoire. Who In
all San Francisco could sing the part,
even with the book, not to disappoint
again nn expectant audience?
Then began another struggle, nnd the
California's wires were kept hot with in
quiries in nil directions. One prominent
teaehfr Innocently suggested an appeal to
Rt>petto. the TlvoH's lyrlo soprano. Rose
Adler. whose repertoire includes the role,
was offorod any compensation "she chos?
to ask If she would undertake it. but she
has not sung It of late and refused. Mme.
Billonl-ZifTerer. who*<e "I.ucia" war. at h*»r
finger's end a few years ago. telephoned
from San Rafael that she also was out of
practice in the part, nnd none of the
prominent teachers could furnish a pupil
who could be counted upon oven to at
tempt the task. The rest of the story is
known, but so was lost an opportunity for
distinction and a financial opportunity
that seldom occurs in the far West. It is
on just such haphazard occasions that
most of the great singers have made their
first appearances in instances innumer
able, and It seems rather remarkable that
In the Azzalf company Itself, numbering
thirty-eight performers. It should have
been Impossible to find an understudy for
the prlma donna.
a rival organization was out of the ques
tion and the idea was abandoned, and
the musicians dispersed, completely at
sea as to the next step in the interrupted
programme. This, be it remembered, the
dav before the season's opening!
The engagement «'f Herbert J. Show of
Suttrr Creok. Amador County, and Miss
Martha D. Knowies, who resides at 578
Albion street. Oakland, is announced.
Mr«=. H. T. CoUtna announces the en
gac<:nifnt of her daughter. Ida May. to
<i. Em in Sayles of Marysville. The Wed
ding will tr.ke place Januar>' 1. Wl.
7'he ejigi'.ppmejit of Miss Emilie Jehle
cf Hcnld-iburp ar.d Emil Blanckenburg of
San Francisco is announced The wed
ding is set for November.
Miss Marion A. Hill, daughter of Mr.
end Mrs. K. P. Hi] 1 , and one of the well
known teachers of this city, sailed for
Nom<» on board tho Valencia in care of
Captain Line. She will be met by N. D.
Plat*, husinr-sfs manager of the Pacific
Steam Whaling Company at Nome, and
the young ootxpie will be married on board
the Valencia on her arrival.
Mr and Mr*. Fitzpatrick of ;M3 Shotwell
ptrcet anrounc* thf onpatrement of their
eldest daughter, Cecelia, to J. Wilson of
Maine.
The encagemerrt reception of Miss Rae
Grops :ind Charles J. Mund will take place
Sunday afternoon. October 7. between 2
¦»n<3 7> o'clock, at 2325 Pine Ptreet.
The engagement has been announced of
Mis -s Gnicie Marlvor and <"aptain A ilac-
Phcil of the Kirk R. P. Rltbei. The br.de
eloot is thf> eldest daughter of Mr. Mac-
Ivor of Oakland. Miss Maclvor has trav
eled consider? My and is highly, educated
find a tnl«nted musician. Captain Mac-
Phail and Miss Marlvor are very popular
among their gr»»at many acquaintances.
The ir;arriage will take place as soon as
the captain returns from Honolulu.
wedding Bells
x n«» ¦v.r-n flinc or AIop Harlman and Miss
Thor»"Fa M. Snlomon was solemnized at
I'nlon-square Hall September 16 by Rev.
M. S. Levy. The bride wore white taffeta
t-ilk trimmed with orange blossoms satin
ribbon and point lace. The maid of honor
tvas Miss Hannah Hartman and best man
wap B. Solomon. The bridesmaids were
Mines Birdie E. Fl«=her. l>ena and Beckie
"aro and Ro«<- Moreenstern. The grooms
man wrrc S. RoFenblum. M. Hartman. A.
Schornfeld and A. Mor.son. During the
evening vocal selections were rendered by
Mrs. Davis. Mrs. Glaser. Mr. and Miss
Att«=ll and rf-<-jtatior>.s by Birdie E, Fisher
and Mr. Isaacs. The gifts were numer
nus.
Warren F. Geary of San Francipco and
Mabel L. G^le of San Jose were married
Sf-ptfir.r*r 24 at the home of the bride in
F=«n Jose. S. O. Oale. presiding elder of
Napa District California Conference, of
fi''inting. ¦
The wfMiner rf I/iu's J. Baccus and Ma
mip O-NVii of lft^t Mission Ftie^t was s=ol
nnrtyd at tho Fr»nrh Catholic r'nurch "n
Hush str^-ot l.-iM Wednesday. Mr. Baccus
has been corvectrd with the City Foundry
for the past fourteen years in the capac-
Ity nf foreman of the pattern department.
The fact nf h:s= bHnp a favorito among
his asporjate? vjip made manifest by the
numerous gifts rr.ade to i.lm and his bride.
Aftpr the ceremony a wedding feast an.J
reception was had at tho home of the
ETOom'ii parent?. Mr. and Mrs R. T. Bar
ms. '27 OFarrell street. The groom's
father presented them with an elegantly
furnished hnupe nn 1/imhnrii stroct
Home Gatherings
An informal party and dancp was given
by Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Parrnt of
Fourth avenue on Saturday night, the
2?th. Those nrrfpnt were: Mr. and Mrs.
Parent. Carrie Dickenson. Emma Borell,
Ellen Borell. Maude Jon»s, Emma Kueg
lar, Ida Kueglar. Mrs. P. Dunton Mrs.
They're Eagug^d.
SOCIETY had a jolly" week of it, but
vent to Burlingame and Mrnlo
Park for its best time. It is sel
dom a week offers two such splen
c.id affairs in succession as the Hopkins-
Taylor wedding and the Carolan ball.
Mrs. Judge William W. Mcrrow enter
tained at luncheon on Wednesday at the
University Club Lieutenant and Mrs. Ar
thur Bainbridge Hoff and Miss Agnes
Cooler of New York. The party recently
returned from Japan and left on Wednes
day evening for New York. The other
guests at the luncheon were Lieutenant
Henry 1^. Roosevelt. Lieutenant Com
rr.ar.dor r.nd Mrs. A. F. Fechteler of Mare
Island. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Morrow of
San Francisco and Miss Morrow. Mrs.
Bair.brldpe Hoff is a sister of Lieutenant
Roosevelt.
The marriage of George Henry Myers,
treasurer of the Orpheum Theater, to Miss
Bertha Mnser will take place to-day
at h!gh noon at the residence of the
bride's par»ntp. 1S33 California street. The
wcddlr.c will be private. After the cere
rrjor.y the couple will leave for a week's
tour in the r-outh. They will bold a recep
tion Fur.day. October 14. at 211« California
FtreFt. whrre Mr. Myers has furnished a
dainty fiat for his bride.
W. H. Wright. Mrs. S. Haigh. Mrs. B.
Prentice. Mrs. A. Fowler. Dr. A. Ford, L.
Pullen. Dr. H. Porterfield, George Bailey.
Fred Dudan, Frank Burns, Otto Denhard, j
Percy Porterfield, W. O. Johns and W. A.
Tcrrill. ]
The seventieth birthday of Daniel Mc-
I^eod was celebrated on the 25th inst. at
his residence. VJ9 Russ street, by a family
reunion. An enjoyable evening was passed
by those present. Mr. MfLfod was' the re- j
cipient of many handsome presents. Those j
attending included: Xlr. and Mrs. Daniel j
McLeod. Mrs. Jennie Brown. G. J. Kelly. |
James F. Killion. R H. Jones. WilMam i
McLeod. Miss Mary McLeod. Mrs. H. M. :
Castillar. Mis« Neita Castillar, Mr. and !
Mrs. B. F. McLeod. Mi?s Alice McLeod. j
Mr. and Mrs. T. Stevens. Daniel Stevens. ;
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel McLeod. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Worrall. Miss Isabelle Worrall. j
Mr. and Mrs. James McGowan, Miss Belle j
McLeod. Miss Ella McLeod, Miss Grace :
McLeod and George McLeod.
Mrs. H. R. Murphy, assisted by Mrs. \
Percy Crew, Mrs. W. H. Burke, Mrs. .
Short. Mrs. L. Merki. Mrs. G. Bole. Mrs. j
M. Chapman. Mrs. Ella O'Connor ami •
MIfs Annie Sehnor. entertained a merry I
crowd of little folks in honor of the fifth ]
birthday anniversary of her son. Master '
Maurice H. Murphy. Wednesday afior- i
noon. September 2G. at her residence. MO
Greenwich street. The little ones present
were: Vlolette Merki. Viola Burke. Edith
Short. Rosa del Rosa. Alma Sullivan. ¦
Florence Sullivan. Annie Smith. Gertie '
friends on Saturday evening. Dancing,
pinging, music and games were enjoyed
till a late hour, when supper was served,
during which responses were made to the
many toasts given. Music was furnished
by a stringed orchestra. After supper
dancing continued and each guest re
ceived a souvenir. Among those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. O'Connor, Misses
Lillian O'Connor, May O'Connor, Gertie
Kenny. Belle Pierce, Ida Pierce, Josle
Mulcare. May Mulcare, Mae Bennett,
Katie Foley, May Fuller, Lizzie Fuller,
Kittie Kingston, Madge Connolly, Alice
Kenyon, Ixntie Wilson, Lottie O'Dea,
Frances Hughes. Marguerite Kingston,
Rose Kilgariff. Tess Kilgarlff, F. Austin.
W. Frances, E. Austin. Mae Mallony,
Maggie Maloney: Lester Coglan, William
Coogan, Al Shepston, Jim Manning, Frank
Guinee, Charles D. O'Connor, Tom Mc-
Naboe, Line Pierce. J. Kingston. Ed
Pierco, Roy McKenny, William Harrison,
George O'Connor. J. O'Connor, Tom Do
herty, R. Lawlor, M. Scanlan, J. Bogue.
A. McDonald. R. Kerrins.
On Wednesday evening a birthday party
was tendered John Giessler at his resi
dence. 820 Valencia street. Music, singing
and dancing were indulged In. and after
a sumptuous repast all dispersed to their
homes at an early hour. Among those
rrcsent were: Captain Webb and Miss
Webb. Judge Groezirger and wife, Mr.
and Mrs. W. W. Whan. Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Johe. Miss Johe. Mr. and Mrs.
I^ewis. Miss L^v.-is, D. del Carlo, wife and
son. Mr. Bcringer, Mr. Ohe. Miss Hllle-
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Byron Hot Springs
last week: From San Francisco— E. P.
Shcehy, R. J. Hanley. E. Newman, T.
Hock. Alexander L. Campbell. Miss A. I*
Rogers. Andrew Frlschkorn. R. Sampson.
T. Jonos, Richard McLaughlin. H. Ahlers.
Mrs. J. A. Buchanan, G. Scollard, Frank
Jones Jr.. William McDonald. F. A. Val
entine. H. C. Ahlers, Thomas Magnrr,
Miss M. G. Torpey. H. M. Smith. Patrick
Donohoe. Mrs. M. Austin, Mrs. W. E.
Davis. Mrs. M. G. Shellv. Miss V. Bu
chanan. YV. T. Scollard. From Stockton —
L. Dickey. Charles Guggoly. Mr. Walker,
M. A. Blair. Amy Hewlett. Miss Walker.
From Oakland— A. W. Kitchen. S. F. Mar
tin. Mrs. A. Bruenn. Robert B; Bain
From lifvermore— Tom Knox, J. Reuss.
From Fresno— J. J. Seymour. Mrs. J. R.
Jackson. From Philadelphia— T. A. Ei
mell. From Tulare— Miles Cowan. Mrs. M.
Cowan. From Merced— Mrs. M. Moran.
MI?s M. Moran. From Modesto— Mrs. L.
Shoemake. From Walnut Creek— A. S.
Sylva. From Grass Valley-RJ H. Wark.
P. Bersr. From Monterey— \X. L. Wage
man. From Butte, Mont.— Andrew Borgo
pon. From Santa Rosa— Mrs. E. P. Pai
mer. From Grayson — Mrs. J. Kinnear, J.
Klnn<«ar. From Alamrda— Charles von
Tagcn. From Colllnsvlllc— M. P. Calla
han Mrs M. P. Callahan, Miss Callahan.
From San Mateo— F. \V. Shields. From
Redwood City— J. B. Bacon. From Ogden
— J. S. Noble.
At the Resorts.
Mrs. Edmund Lauterbach will not be at
home the first Tuesday In October and
November.
Mrs. Joseph Hirsch will be at home the
second Wednesday of every month at 3124
ElHs street.
Mrs. Lovcll White has returned from
Mill Valley nnd will remain in the city
during the winter.
Mrs. H. Hamburger will be at hom<\
3003 Jpckson street, the first Friday of the
month.
Mrs. Sig. Kaufmann will be at home.
3019 Sacramento street, the first Friday of
the month.
Judge and Mrs. William Morrow havo
returned home from their visit to Port
land, Seattle and other northwestern
cities.
Mrs. J. Gunzburger of 1907 Sutter street
will be pleased to see her friends on Mon
days.
Mrs. M. Tennis and the family of J. W.
Gllkyson have moved to 212 Auzerais ave
nue. San Jose. Mr. Gilkyson is to take
charge of the San Jose telephone office.
ffnd Mrs. G. B. Griffith of 42S Fourteenth
street, is expected to arrive home in the
early part of this week from an exten
sive European trip. Miss Edna has been
away from home over a year, and on her
return will be pleased to see her friends.
Miss Edna Griffiths, niece of Sergeant
Personals.
The following Pacific Coast people
sailed for Europe on the Hamburg-
American line express steamship Furst
Bismarck from New York. September 20:
A. C. Price, Mrs. A. C. Price. Mrs. K.
Hess. Miss Anna Hess, Miss Nicollna
Warming. Miss Louise Mathlesen, Karl
Jensen, Rev. D. M. Kamneff and Miss
Maria Fischer. On the Hamburg-Ameri
can line new express steamship Deutsch
land, from New York, September 25: J.
R. K. Nuttall. Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall. Ed
ward Rldeout. S. M. Heller. N. S. Ber
tholt. Miss A. H. L. Quittenbaum, Charles
A. Fowler Jr., Bernhard Barney. Conrad
Dahl and wife. Mrs. Anna Jerbert and
two children. Mr. and Mrs. Moritz Koes
ter. Miss A. Larson, Ernest Thorleuchte."
and William Luddecker.
Sailed Away.
• The Tuesday Night Cotillon Club has
sent out Invitations for a dance to be held
,on Tuesday evening. October 2. at Har
mony Hall, Paru street, Alamcda.
The date of the next dance of the Deux
Temps has been changed from October 19
to October 12, and it will be held at
Golden Gate Hall.
"W. Brackett; 1 tambos— E.- Lambert. C.
Collins. Programme— Overture. Delle
plane's orchestra; opening chorus, com
pany; end song, parody, W. W. Brackett:
tenor solo, "My Sweetheart When a Boy,"
W. A. Mitchell; specialties. The Boy Won
der; end song. "Just Because She Made
Those Goo-Goo Eyes." C. Collins; bary
tone solo. "The Curse of the Dream."
George Cheney; "My Kentucky Home."
Quartet Orpheus; end song. "I'm the
Father of a Little Black Coon," P. How
<»11: bass solo, "Asleep In the Deep." H. C.
Pfaffle; end eons, "Couldn't Stand to See
My Baby Lose, 1 ' E. Lambert; barytone
polo, selected, C. Kron; finale, "Stars and
Stripes." company.
The Grevan Choral Society will pre
sent "The Bepgar Student," a comic
opera potpourri in one act, at Native
Sons' Hall Friday evening. October 12.
Dancing will follow the entertainment.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1H00.
34
SOCIETY
THERE'S NOTHING ]
WORSE THAN A MISFIT. I
THERE'S NOTHING BET-
TER THAN A MISS— FIT \
\ In a Tailor-made Suit. |
We are th<« Acme of Art In Ladles' and i
Misses' Tailor-made Suits and Cloaks. 4
Importers of Cloths. |
"WhoIe^alP Mann'a^turers of Ladies' 5
Tailor-marte Suits and Clr>aks. wtth a ?
Retail Iicjartnwnt which will prove ??
a revelation In S?
Ladies' Tailoring. |
{ "We have the latest Sew York fashions. &
ts exr>ert cutters and workmen, each an *fc
S artist in his line. >£
I MIND YOU, I
We add but 10 per cent tr» our whole- >
sale prices. You will flr.d this the S
revelation. >
S. BelleT& Co., !
23O Sutter Street, J
t Goldberg Bow?2 Bsildhf. Yl
Z /v\«|| Orders,
JYERY LATEST
SAPPHIRE
I CORSETS
r saoou si5,oo
s\ PER PAIR.
5k 10 Gearo St.,
jj\ CORNKn KEARNT.
k X 'f CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
Royal Worcester Cor-
•et-Fltttnj Parlort.
Hitchcock School,
6AN RAFAEL. CAL.
FOR YOUNG MEN AND'BOYS.
Bcparmts Mmou. tljmnulum. Military DrUi.
c^^R\% TC c RM nl^oc A K UO P^ c g
TRINITY SCHOOL. T 1^
. on hat Trinity School t*. been discontinue.
n n »w ILj M J 1 *"* 1 MONDAT. August i.
Only toy* Ot «opd moral character are taken.
O. B. MISAD. sea Central avo.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed bv
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
bulldlns. 1170 Market St.. cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electric needle without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed ; hours t to 4 p m.
The. greatest skin food and tissue, builder
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making the skin firm
It renders the skin soft. ¦
smooth, clear, whltn and 1""^"™^^™^*^"™^
youthful and cures Poison J&iSSkV^-^
Oak and Fczema. It Is a *^?»Uw5S»
liquid. Any or»am of thn '^vSK^r^GSSl
consistency of butter will JCTfflE"£« ;
stimulate the growth of l>Wr?-^9^>ft^i
hair on th« fare. Brah- %fSaf i*jBS»
man Toilet Cream la \'MA. "SL5P*'*?'
cuaranteo.l not to ilo so. <@8<^afeSv
Frice £c. Mrahman . j*^WwQ3ffa?.V-
Tooth Powder. 2oo. All' %^ffl^«r>
druggists and at offlca of y -' rTirf%C1>aMf XCJ
lLADIES-' fc ON!A J "
I per*, securely packed, price IJ.50. Tns OVI4.
I ilEMED Y CO.. 350 PheUa Bld^.. Sak Francisco.. C*£
«a $g> » HAIR ON
£1 / WOMAN'S
yzA face is
,J REPULSIVE.
W< IT IS NOT
V fjff, NECESSARY
To Buffer from this disfigurement. Many a
lovely face In ruined by the presence of hair
or dark shadows on the lip, chin or cheek.s,
while many otherwise plain faces are made
lovely by a clean, pure akin.
B. B. B. ENGLISH CARAMEL
Bold under a guarantee to remove superfluous
hair, and to prevent Its growth; han been used
Buccessfully for twenty years by the medical
profession In Knelnml. After one application
your f«co will be an free from hair aa the
cheek of an infant.
ELITE SKIN FOOD— rtemoves all blemishes
and , roughness ; makes the complexion perfect;
keeps the skin clear, soft and BmoothJ
EUTK FACK POWDKU-Chemlcftlly pure;
a preventive from superfluous hair. •
EUTK HAIR O no WKR— Removes dandruff:
stimulates the rcalp; produces a quick growth,
and makes the hair soft and bright.
THE ELITE BLACKHEAD ERADICATOR—
Permanently removes blackheads -and reduces
th« pores of the Rkln.
THE ELITK FACE. BLEACH— For removing
tan and freckles. It has no equal.
Prompt attention to mall orders with stamps.
Regular physician In attendance.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
838 Market St., ¦ San Francisco.
IIalrdressln.gr, 25c; manicuring, 25c; shampoo-
lnff, 23c; facial massage and steaming.
ADVERTISEMENTS^ '. ' " '
Cures Painful? Prof us®, and |
Irregular Periods. - \
ISffilisiSk * MR5# E# F * CUSTER » Brule, Wia., writes : |
ill!!!!!!* "Deah Mas. Pinkham:— Your Vegetable Compound haa
Wm^&&ib 't^iinr' $vm heen of much beneflt to me - when m^ menses first a PP eared thc y |
IIP- iol/r WM*SW^ * ere vef y irre & ular - The y occurred too often and did not leave for g
IfPP^ **W& a weet or more - J always suffered at these times with terrible
Bit < BaMBBBBB^ <iJ&m pains in my back and abdomen. Would be in bed for several days
I VyW and would not be exactly rational at times. I took Lydia E. Pinic-
*• ham's Vegetable Compound, and menses became regular and pains $
f)^^3U^*^k k^ r J^^^^^ TnB monthly sickness reflects the con- j|
I m^T^/^^i^^^^ dltlon of a woman's health. Any woman fcj
I I \ X- whose menstruation is unnatural may Icok for I
I i*^?^^ J^^^^^^§ serious trouble to develop at any time* |
W\lML MRS. ANNA LACY. Ross, Iowa, writes : f-
[^^^jHSKg^^^^^l^^SflaiB^^ "Dear Mrs. Pinkham:— I was troubled with female weak- £
ness> irre ? tllar and P ainful menstruation. I suffered so every K
Vk \||(|{^S| month that I was obliged to go to bed, but thanks to your medicine h
L^|^^^^^v\\ \ \\\^i HI am now we^- I would advise all women who suffer as I did to p
lP2^il8|ffi&\^v \^ V^^l^ use L J dia E - P inknam>s Vegetable Compound." M
l^^^^^^^^^^j^ \y)i jA MISS MARY DAMROTH. 2167 Washington Ave., Tremont, lH
"Dear Mrs. Pinxham :— When I wrote to you I suffered j
W^Bd^mi^) f^^^^^ untold pain in the lower part of abdomen, had headache, backache, gjj
I^^P^JlV^n Mffi^jMHl and my periods were very painful. I have taken four bottles of t£J
Kfe^^^v^^iKl i^^^^^M Lydia E. Pinkhara's Vegetable Compound and bare no pain at all. -¦¦'
v$M0C\ f ( I am a working girl and recommend your medicine to all women."'
*^3fi^ \ /^^^^^ Mrs. Pinkham's advice is invaluable help LI
S CT^^^ vl^^^ io a// women who suffer. It is absolutely j|
Ir Wl ?«^^ V^^^^^l ' ree- Her address Is Lynn, fiflass. t^
1^ I m ' liriillii MRS * EDNA ELLI5 » Higginsport, Ohio, writes :
r w^i »(^^^mI "lam a school teacher, have suffered agony monthly for ,ftr3
M Epy n y ears - v nervous system was a wreck. I suffered with pain |V-
a [jpMfyjjK ' * n m^ s ' (^ e an^ na(^ a l most every ill known. I bad taken treat- hx
V> /I0^ ment from a number of physicians who gave me no relief. One $3
*''t$l^ \» ' specialist said no medicine could help me, I must submit to an pf«
tiffljjfc ¦ Y^^ operation. I wrote to Mrs. Pinkham, stating my case, and received r;
tWtv *&~*\ \ a prompt reply. I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound If-
$/&\ %*l!5owk mW \ and followed the advice given me and now I suffer no more. If |
J jgfw*k. ¦¦inTtL \ any one cares to know more about my case, I will cheerfully an- §
p Lydia Em Cures R^WARO'^"-- S
I Pinkham's ABS °f| i §| jl ZTTTI— iSfll |
"% 6 If «f H Ft m~ n wda LSfi >M I JS letters we arc constantly publishing, w; if'.
iii tf4P*ffPtP > fl2*}K$fi@* BrlPl&ifiKSilLf 3 * have de P° sitfd '» !:h »he Rational Citr h
j W «CTJ8^C?«flWflW»C? FKSMMIMMMIWS Bank, of Lynn. Mass.. $5,000. which will Kt
J ¦ b* paid to any person who will show that the above testimonials are not te£l
I if™ ¦#"» MYtl BH /T% S t! B9 It4! f?H3tr* genuine, or w-re publiih'd brfor* obtaining th- writer's speculpcrra. is. on. — fct&
g <&$Sm¥B§3O&MEm&S BMSSm I-vdia E. Pinkham Medicine Cg. ( X.yant Mass. h]
» * fe'j
dsr FADED^m.
JF MAIDEN %
/A ffip woman in this land of flowers and
JKjf sunshine should .-illow her face to remain dis- ijr>\
fjggr figured by blemishes when I can positively re- ftllsv
/Fr^f move wrinkles, freckles, tan, sunburn, '
jt&W moth patches, Failowness, yellow skin,
(R$i pimples, blotches, blackheads, red nose, t*vi\
JM2 warts and moles. Consultation free. V&§a
ffi$ SUPERILUOUS Nn nnc can remove it so Vgf
Ws IIAIK quickly as J. for I use the |g£
/f&i ?afe way. Painless and permanent. This ImsS
'XH work done hy appointment. Only a few each IKjf
jl^j day. Conic now or you may have to wait • K»f(
/&& weeks for a chance. Era
IP/A GRAY Gray-haired people are at a discount. Ew
toS II A IP socially and in business. My Four- Wop
Y§§$ "AIR Day Hair Restorer, $i a bottle, re- ffw
l|p« stores the natural color. Can apply it your- &S
\\£S sc!f- Can't be detected. Xot sticky. " Xo l&3j
Vt£i odor. No create. $1.00; all druggists. fjS$
||S LOLA MUNTtrZ CRHAH; ffil
\t*f% should be on the .lressinpr table of every lfl£i\ ¦
iV^< woman who values her personal appearance. iSof
ijifrk It is the crcatest skin food, tissue builder §W/
VW"j3k and beautifier in existence. Mj- own face, on JgSfJ
\»SaL which it is used constantly, is the best tcsti- VisF
M^L monial I know for this preparation. 75c jar. >§|y
MRS. NETFIH HARRISON, M?
78 Geary Street, San Francisco. MSiUnited States District Judge de Haven"
announced yesterday that he intended to
be absent for about two weeks and that
during his absence United States District
Judge. Hawley .of Nevada would open
court at 10 a.m. each court day and hear
and dispose of pro forma motions, etc.
Judge Hawley Will Preside.
On . the 2M inst. the memberrhip of
Vrla P.uena Chapter. T. T . !».. of the Order
nf the Kastern fitar. left Oakland mole by
ppo-ial train for Docoto. AlanK-da County,
to i iy a visit to the Masonic Widows' and
Orpt an*' Home. ther«» located. At the de-
I>ot lhe party was met by Messrs. Whlp
ple r«rd P^-abody with carriages and con
veyed to th<" home, where they were re
eHv*-d by the Kii;H-rIntendent and matron
nn<i Fh'-wn ever the grounds and through
the biJiifllng. after which a choice Junch
was wrved to the visitors. Charles L.
Patton. M W. C. M., president of the
home, actod as host. The chapter, in
tecngnltioT of th* worthiness of th»» Insti
tution f»it the trustees a contribution of
!5V'. Tin sp who composH the visiting
party were: Mr. nnd Mrs. John Tonnlng
*rn, Mr. nr<J Mrs. George. W. WIttman.
Mr. and Mr.- J George Leibold. Mr. and
Mrs. K. A. Rupclioo, Mr. and Mrs. John
Grantlsnd. Mr. and Mr*. J. McWHliams.
Mr. and Mrs. Adoinh Meyer. Mr. and Mrs.
I. A. Mar*h. Mr ?w;d Mr*. Ralph Hathnrn.
Mr. and Mrn. Julius KIchhorn. Mr. ajid
Mrs. RnV-rt H«dc»\ Mr. and Mr*. James
Hoys. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. Browne,
Mr. aiid Mrs. Jr,hn Caley. Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas H^rton. Mr. and Mr*. Ed Pca
l>orty. Color"! an.l Mrs. Charles Boxton.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Mar/rton. Dr. and
Mrs. G. S. Backman. Sheriff and Mrs.
John Larkmann. Mr. and Mrs. John Lee
Jr.. Mr*. M. JZ. I>-incan, Mrs. Emma
.tones. Mrs. Louis** I>oni?. Mrs. Clara
Schaefcr. Mrs. John Kdmondson, Mrs.
Fnnry McClur*. Mrs. F. Bauer. Mrs.
King. Mrs. Cecelia Warren. Mm. Mlgnon
I.lll.'e. lllssos Ida May Roberts. Sadie
*.Vri|nru>. Lottie and Jennie McLaughlin,
Minnie M. nnd Nellie Sfbbins. Etta
aiorse. Puss McClure, Josle Kinx^Y. Mau<1
Tb«* invitational entertainment and ball
pivon last WrrinPFday night by Harmony
Chapter in Golden Gate Hall, a notice of
whirh «rp"ar»il in The Call or Thursday,
was attended by a very large and select
Btidi'-nre, Amorg the many who wore
pr^por.T there was a J3rp"r proportion of
ron-memr.<»rj! «f the ordpr than Is usually
noticed at ps<h«T!nrs of this kind. This
chapter's members took occasion of the
function to Invite many of their friends
who do not belong to the order ro they
rr.irht have an opportunity to note what
a pleasant organization th«* membership
r.f th« chapter is. The programme pre
t^rted was an »>n.1iyabl«» one. the- dancing
was all that could be desired and the at
•—ntlon of all tho official* of the evening
¦ - -. ¦ i m-n* hlirhlv commended.
Visited the/Somo.
On Tuesday nij^ht there was a Brood at
tendance of members of the order in the
hall of Ivy Chapter to witness the initia
tion of Jam*? E. and Mrs. Carrie Gordon.
Gustav and Mrs. Schmolz and Robert
Oorge Barton by initiation the admission
by card of CaptaSn Stoefen of the Mc-
Dowell after being out of the order for
many years and the admission of Albert
and Mrs. Rrohrig of Ruth Chapter of
I'hflsoa. Ma<?.. as honorary members, a
distinction that is but rarely conferred
in this order. The last two named have
bren resident! of this city for several
years. During their stay ..ere they have
boen constant vis' ors to Ivy. Not "~">ly
have they fceen such, but they have been
of material assistance to Its welfare, do
ing as rmicji for it as If they were mem
bern. It was in recojrnltlnn of their ser
vices that they were created honorary
members. Aft»r th<* work, which was per
formed In a degree of perfection by the
matron. Mrs. Frances Bnnifi>!d. the pat
ron. Roy Thurston Kimball. and the other
offjr*>rf=. there was an adjournment to
the banquet hall below, where all par
took of an excellent supper. To calls
from the patron, who acted as toastmns
t*r. there were re?x>onses bv Mrs. Alice
F*rnn«-«>s H!ckf««. matron of Mission Chap
ter: Mir. Emma Carter, matron of Har
mony Chapter; John Hatfield Gray, past
ratron of Ivy: AlWt Rrohrig. Charl^n L.
FV.d and Janus K. Gordon, who f«upple
mented his wittj- remarks by Pinging an
original F"ng <i*><1iraTf>d to Ivy Chapter.
During th»» ceremony of Initiation Mrs.
H*r,ry'Mofjran Owens presided at the or
gan and nmojic several vocal selections
rTidered "Nazar*»t h." "I>->v*» r>Ivlne" and
"Holy J«»pus." This chapter will give a
grand ball in Golden Gate Hall on the
right of the 2*fh lnst.
B*ulah Chnptrr will have a social *ven
tnjr in its hail in South San Francisco
Mesonlc Hall on the night of the Kth of
October.
Last Monday night O!ive Branch Chap
ter was officially visited hy Grand Pat
ron C. 1^. I>ar!ing. Associate Grand Matron
Airs=. Lula Lucas and <;rand Secretary-
Mrs Kate J. WillatP. During the even-
Ing there was tho initiation of Max Gold
man and Mrs. Goldsmith in that excellent
manner for which Miss Melissa Gordon
Mf-Conkcy. the worthy matron, and her
craff cf officers have been so often prared
The music incidental to the initiatory srr
vi^e w - a <, rendered by Mrs. H. M. Owens
with fine effect, the lady being highly
commended for the rendition of the sev
eral selections. Amor.R the visitors were
Mrs?. Helen May Pattrrson. past matron
of Ivy Chapter; Mary L^. Farmer, past
matron of Mission Chapter; Kmma Per
kins, past associate prand matron; Mrs.
trances Ilonniflold. matron of Ivy Chap
ter: Mrs. Emma Carter, matron of Har
mony; Mrs. Lizzie Tonr.ingsen. matron of
>Th« Buena <""hapter: Past Grand Pat
ron Kritton and Ada Marsh l>alton. past
matron of Oak Ix-af Chapter. During the
evening several musical selections were
r*-nderr-d bjr Mos=dame<= Rohrbacher. Wal
ters and Mstolesi. The chapter presented
to the grand matron a handsome vase an<l
to the grand patron a box of choice cigars
In remembrance of the occasion. After the
meeting icecream and cakes were served.
Eastern Star.
rSnVT'Vc/^ * rand matron - M «
°te^ i h^ii ?n\. ,L m ° n ta *tefu!!y decor-
I;-: ," V, " Of fou rteen candidates. Each
the "o« «f o lCd a SrCene of b «*"ty. After
eo^pMrn ° l , be ,? ve ™n8 the e rand matron
tics u««icniH I" ? ,v, y the tlu
iSmffi? ,\ lhem - ' shv also saj d kind
t»°L^central l Vt! > ""P^sive work of
p.ucea on me secretary's ae«=k said th^t
wife""o er m b n 0Ie had
iSfpisili
rSSlSH?s:s5
U£ **1£l?i 1 r onnin&sen - P r «ided and
S *£!? EH* "* SSSftwSSBB
. f ?h«~ were prolific in praise
cf the new chapter, and there were Hut
V£in* remarks about the w"?b? ««?££
™^;« Li "»e lonmngsea, and the toast
mfron of n:iJ V lhe evei^S worthy
?r£S? lhe cha P te^ Presented a hand-
S^iSSESS S^- n 1° lhe « raad matron*
t^ H^?. n « der of erba Buena Chapter,
mic £ d K n to the Ja P an^e drill that
™ a ,l f^" 1 by youns !nt ' ies of K'ng Solo
in t rax. Klin Hall, of which a rotice an
poared on the following rnofnir.g in the
local columns of The Call, ther? was I
puwns Programme which embraced the
following numbers: Piano solo. Mrs S
so* Wm R^A S< ? ne V Mr v s - Jam e» leo: barytone
f ££:« L ' Tarbox v P'ano solo. Miss
Helen Dodd; song and dance. "Miss Ethel
Brown; male quartet, selected- song Miss
Charlotte J. Morris; violin solo. Miss'tdna
«4M, W^ Th -f eTente « terminated
with a dance and was in charge of the
following named ladies and gentlemen:
Master of cervmonies. Arthur M. Blade
chairman. Jennie Cavar.augh; floor man
ager^Uaniei J. A. O Keefe; floor commit
te^-Georn Himcke. A. K. Krocnke. Bur
nett c. Park, L. Newman; reception com
*™:i<*—Martha K. Blade. Annette Wood.
Lyd a A banders. Jane Dawson. Linea L.
Haenxvs. B. Stevenson. Alma Bottomlev
i-red Wood. Annah K. Hutchison. Harry
A correspondent writes to the Los Ange
les Herald concerning the Coallnga field,
that there are about eighty wells produc
ing and drilling in that section. Twenty
one strings of tools are going and a num
ber of rigs are up— a birdseye view of the
field resembles in some respects the Whit
tler district and looks like an ideal oil
region. Huge Iron storage tanks, pipe
lines and a strong smell of fresh gas
everywhere impress one with the idea
that the name Oil City is very appro
priate. The Union Oil Company, under
the name of the Pioneer Pipe 'Line Com
pany, has . a 35.000-barrel storage tank
near the wells, from' which the oil Is run
to the railroad, a distance of ten miles,
through a three-inch pipe line, from
which point it is shipped to San Francisco,
the principal market. Another 35,000
barrel tank Is being built, from which
will run a four-Inch pipe line to the rail
road for transporting the heavier .' oil.
which is also found there. The pipe lino
Is constructed at present to within five
miles of the tank.
made. '
Several new wells have been started In
the "Whittler field. . What the Los Ange
lenos style the 'northwest extension is
said to be making good progress.
Revenue Officer Thomas has been visit
ing the oil fields In the south, calling upon
the brokers to demand a penalty of $25 for
failure to comply with the law. The
Bakersfield Callfornian says the brokers
comply gracefully and promptly, but that
there are companies that have appointed
stockholders as agents who will be fined.
Two officers will be stationed in the field
to eee whether the Government is getting
all the revenue from tho oil companies to
which it is entitled.
The Standard Oil Company has decided
to provide tankage for half a million gal
lons of oil in the Kern River district, and
will direct that provision be made at once.
The company has under consideration pro
vision for the nearby districts.
The developments recently in the oil In
dustry in the San Joaquin Valley have
been large and important. There was a
little whiff of wind that blew down a
number of derricks in the Temblor dis
trict a few days ago, but that is only a
minor Interference and the progress
toward the development of the resources
in petroleum of the valley over a large
area is steady and satisfactory. The Wil-
Us Canyon spur of railway in the Kern
River district is ready for use, all the
sU-el rails having been laid, but there is
a shortage of cars, which will soon bi
remedied. Contracts will be Jllled easier
than heretofore and tho entire business
of tho district will be stimulated. Tho
story of developmrnt is true of all sec
tions where operations have begun on
varying scales of activity. There is a
race at San Pedro among the owners of
wells to get down to tho oil first. Four
companies started to drill about the same
time and all expect to lind oil at about
the same depth. The Bakersfield Eoh-j
says that rathfy slow progress is report
ed from the Foso Creek country. One
obstacle after another has bobbed up to
delay operations, and the question of oil
or no oil In that locality still remains, un
settled. The New Hope on 20, 27, 27. is
down 1000 feet, but the crow is now at
work fishing for a sand pump. The Crnck
ers and tne Defiance are also experienc
ing some delays of a similar nature, but
hope to have smoother calling shortly.
The Commonwealth has placed a fine rig
on 32, 26. 28. and Is about ready to dro^
the drill. The derrick that was erected
on S, 27, 27, was blown away and no
further attempt at development has been
"There is an immense area in the State
which contains rocks and shales more or
less saturated with bitumen, as well aa
nuineious springs from which moro or
less petroleum nnds it way to the sur
face. Along the line of tne Coast Kange,
With its numerous diverging ranges, turjfe
areas are founu where tne strata have
been more or loss folded, but not changed
by heat, bringing about the favoraole
conditions for the accumulation of pe
umeum. Tne development of lhJW of most
importance wars tnat found in Kern
County, ten nilies north of Bakerslleld.
There were other new developments dis
covered to the south and west of Bakers
nelrt. This county added 13.000 barrels to
the output of the State In 1809, as com
pared wltn lu.OW barrels in 1S9S, nothing
oeing credited in 1S07. Fresno County
produced 4o;<,372 barrels In 1S90, as com
pared with 15<>.0C0 barrels In 189S, or nearly
three times the quantity. Nearly all the
petroleum produced in California is dark
in color ana heavy in quantity. The great
bulk of the product comes from Los An
geles County. The heavy petroleum ranges
from 12 to 1 18 degrees B. That produced
In Fresno County is light In color and
most of it is as light as 31 degrees 13. in
gravity."
Mineral locators of lands in the more
important oil belts of the State have,
since the decision of last Monday, ren
dered bv Judge Ropb 'n the Federal Court
at l»s "Angeles, been more hopeful thai
the "scrlppers" will be finally routed.
First the Government snarled up affairs
by the decisions making' it obligatory to
actually produce oil to demonstrate the
mineral character of the land. Then the
"scrippers" began to do a. land office
business, even putting agricultural claims
upon land from which oil had been taken.
Scrip was sold at the rate of $5 per acre
to any purchaser by brokers in this city
and elsewhere in California. Prominent
attorneys for the Southern Pacific Com
pany were mixed up In the transacations.
The fight of the mineral claimants to re
tain their holdings is not at an end by any
means and it is evident that novel legal
developments are ahead. So many millions
of money are actually invested and so
many millions may be taken out in oil
values from tho lands in question that the
fight will be bitter. Notice has been Riven
at Los Angeles that the case decided by
Judge Ross last Saturday will be taken to
tho United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals. This is the first step in the con
tinuance of a contest which bids fair to
be historic in the annals of jurisprudence.
Mr. Oliphant describes the general con
ditions attending the oil discoveries as
follows:
"The production of crude petroleum in
California in 1S09," says Mr. Oliphant,
"was valued at J2,50S,751, about 95 cents a
barrel. As compared with 1808 there was
an Increase of 3S4.8S8 barrels In production
and 10 cents in average price per barrel.
Los Angeles County, which takes first
rank in the amount of production, pro
duced 1.39S.G90 barrels, valued at 05.3 cents
a barrel. Of the total quantity produced
in Los Angeles County 1,032,^06 barrels,
valued at $'.560,726. or 93 cents a barrel,
were produced in Los Angeles City. The
other counties of California which pro
duced petroleum, ranged according to
their output, were: Ventura, 496,200 bar
rels; Fresno, 43y,372 barrels,; Santa Bar
bara, 208,370; Orange, 108,1)77; Kern, 15,000,
and Santa Barbara, 1500."
That part of the report of the United
States Geological Survey that deals with
the petroleum industry of the country,
which Is Just out from the press, con
tains some very interesting statements.
California is found to be the fifth in rank
of oil producing States In the total amount
of production, taking the output of 189D
iis the basis of computation. Outside of
what Is known as the Eastern field, which
Includes Pennsylvania, Ohio, West Vir
ginia and the adjacent States, the total
production of oil last year was 3.7&5.416
barrels, of which California produced
2,642,055, or 70 per cent of the whole. There
are thirteen States in which petroleum
has been found.,, F. H. Oliphant of Penn
sylvania wrote the oil part of the report.
Geological Survey Describes Condi
tions Attending Petroleum Dis
coveries—General News From
Derricked Fields Is Good.
Present Rank Among States
Is Fixed by Official
Statistics.
CALIFORNIA HAS
FIFTH PLACE AS
OIL PRODUCER
Ancient Order of United Workmen.
Burns I-odge at Its last held meeting
elected Gus Pohlmann Jr. as guide to
Bc-rve for the unexpired term. This lodge
has made arrangements to contribute to
the Galveston fund.
The San Francisco extension committee
at its meeting on the 22d inst. had a good
attendance. During the evening there
was presented to the officers and memr
bers a statement by each delegate "and
district deputy of the condition of th«
lodges in the city, a feature that was very
interesting. A list of visitations to
lodges during the month of October was
agreed upon. The work of the committee
during the past six months has been very
encouraging to the membership and the
visits made have been productive of a
great deal of good.
L.ast Monday there was a meeting in
Shlels building of the extension commit
tee of San Francisco, a delegate from
each local lodge, one from each of the lo
cal Degree of Honor lodges and one from
the Past Masters' Association, to make
arrangements for the celebration of the
thirty-second anniversary of the In
stitution of the order, which falls on Oc
tober 27. Grand Master C. E. Snook pre
sided and after permanent organization
was elected president, Edwin Danforth
.vice president. Walter Malloy secretary
and Elias Roedecker treasurer. After
various Ideas had been presented and dis
cussed it was decided to hold a celebra
tion In the Mechanics' Pavilion on the
night named and for the purpose of carry-
Ing out the plan suggested the following
were named as the committees:
Executive — E. Danforth, J. C. Langen
derfer, Walter Malloy, A. Jackson and
Deputy Stock; hall— Gus Pohlmann, W
C. Crowley, Leo Hamlin; music— M. J.
Blackman, Will J. Beatty, J. Bowman;
printing— F. J. Maguire. A. D. Hawley. H.
Grimshawr decorations— L. G. Schord, E.
F. Joy, J. Hartley; literary exercises— \V.
H. Barnes, Mrs. Litzla. Mrs. W. Malloy.
It was decided that the reception com
mittee shall consist of two members from
each lodge, with Grand Recorder C. T.
Spencer aa chairman. The idea is to is
sue a large number of invitations to a
literary and musical entertainment and a
dance to follow.- It is proposed to make
this the largest fraternal gathering that
has ever been held in this city.
The "bachelor party" that was given
last Tuesday night by Prosperity Lodge
In honor of W. P. Kaiser, the foreman,
who is about to join the benedicts, was a
very successful and enjoyable affair that
was attended by a number of grand of
ficers,'district deputies and lesser - lights
of the order by special invitation of the
members of the lodge. The affair before
and after the collation ;was in the nature
of a high Jinks. There were addresses
by C. T. Spencer, grand recorder: Depu
tfes' Blackman and Meyer, Joe Langen
derfer. J. G. North, W. P. , Kaiser, the
guest of. honor, and D. Keefe; stories by
Captain' "VV. G. Leale and Deputy Stock:
recitations by Walter Malloy and anec
dotes by a number of others.
Last Wednesday night Fidelity Lodge
Initiated one candidate, the first In many
years, and announced that It -has three
more to initiate. The work was performed
by a select team and was well done. Dur
ing the evening there were a number of
Interesting
The Rrnr.1. master, deputy grand master
and other grand officers visited the lodges
in San Jose lp.st Wcdoescjay njgbt-
American Guild.
The summer vacation having: passed
away, the meetings of San Francisco
Chapter of the American Guild will be
held twice a month. At the meeting last
Wednesday night it was decided to have a
social about the 15th of October at a place
to be named hereafter.
Division No. 5, A. O. H.
Division r\o. 5 of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians, composed almost exclusively
of young native sons and recently insti
tuted, initiated a class of twenty-five can
didates at Its meeting last Wednesday
night in HIbernia Hall, increasing thereby
its membership to seventy-five. The of
ficers of the new division are: Frank S.
Drady, president; Anselm Duffy, vice
president; Edward J. Crowley, recording
secretary; Richard J. Cline, financial sec
retary; Joseph Kelleher, treasurer; Dr.
Charles B. McGettigan. surgeon: Harry S.
Colman, ser£jeant-at-arms; P. Lynch,
chirman of the standing committee. Alt
er the initiation the division held its first
open meeting, when a very entertaining
programme was presented and enjoyed by
the many who were presnt. Tnere weie
Introductory remarks by President Frank
S. Drady; piano solo, Professor D'Arcy;
selections on the Irish pipes. Professor
McCarthy; Chinese specialties. Harry H.
Walton; tenor solo. Frank Everson;
Blcight of hand. Clarence Petterson; tenor
polo, Harry S. Colman; jig dancing,
Messrs. Kelleher and Lynch; address on
the principles of the order, J. J. Donohue;
remarks, Harry F. McGurren; recitation.
Thomas J. Mitchell; "just a few stories,"
E. C. Stock. During the evening a colla
tion and refreshments were served. The
new division starts in well and it exppct3
to show that the vounp men cf Irish blood
are active workers alons iraternal lines.
tation has been extended to all members
of the order in this city to Witness the
ceremony. The event will be followed by
a programme of entertainment.
During the past week all the local tribes
have been busy, adopting and conferring
degrees. Blazing Arrow had an enjoyable
smoker last Monday, which was parti
cipated in by the membership of Bald
Eagle Tribe.
Last Tuesday llanzanlta Tribe had
three adoptions and received two peti
tions.
Modoc Tribe has arranged for an enter
tainment and dance to be given on the
evening of October 5 In aid of J. F. Meeks,
a past sachem of the tribe, who is danger
ously ill at St. Helena.
Grand Representatives William J.
Smith. George W. Collins, Frederick
Brandt, Joslah Sims and E. B. Wilson
have returned from Milwaukee, where
they were in attendance on . the Great
Council of the United States.
Great Sachem Brandon, several of the
great chiefs and members of the order
will visit Manhattan Tribe in San Jose
to-morrow night, on which occasion a
class of seventeen candidates will be
adopted.
Bald Eagle Tribe had a banquet last
Thursday night in one of the prominent
rotisseries in honor of its degree team,
which carried away first honors for de
gree work before the last held Great
Council of California.
After a service of twenty continuous
years as superintendent of the Red Men's
building Past Great Sachem H. S. Winn
has retired from that position. He has
been succeeded by Frederick Brandt, P.
G. S.
Great Senior Sagamore James Boyes.
accompanied by Past Sachem Roche and
Sachem Enemark of Bald Eagle Tribe,
went to Stockton yesterday to instruct
the team of Pohono Tribe in auoption and
degree work.
A new council of the Degree of Poca
hontas organized by W. J. Reid, chief of
records of Ahwashte Tribe, will soon be
instituted in Twin Peaks Hall in this city.
Yosemite Council. Degree of Pocahontas,
In conjunction with Spruce Camp. W. of
the W. of Alameda, will give -a minstrel
show in Armory Hall.
Wilson Brooks of Chicago has been
elected great chief of records of the Great
Council of the United States to fill the
vacancy caused by the resignation of
Charles C. Conley. At the recent session
of the Great Council there was consider
able talk of having the Great Council
meet in San Francisco in 1902.
¦ i i ¦
The Eschscholtzias.
The eighth party given by that' very se
lect organization of the Mission district,
the Eschscholtzias. in Mission Parlor Hall
last Thursday night was one of the social
successes of the season. There was an at
tendance of a large number of the young
people of that district. The ladles In ele
gant costumes and the gentlemen attired
in conventional evening dress made up a
pretty scene during the grand march and
the subsequent numbers on the decidedly
well arranged programme of dances.- The
Eschscholtzias are growing in favor, and
the fact that those who are invited are
carefully selected from the list of names
submitted is an assurance that a most
congenial set of people meet on invitation
from the members of the organization.
Those who had charge of the function
were: Charles Kuper. floor manager;
William Vorrath. assistant floor manager;
L. R. Lindsey. George Sweeney, C. Dowl-
Itig and Guy Rogers, floor committee; C.
Barnes. I... H. Rewig and R. Abel, recep
tion committee; W. Barry, P. Paul and J.
Crowley. committee of arrangements.
m« m jr on< « i8S McWilliams. Verra Ed-
m ° nd! * on - Muriel Boxton. Edith Boyes,
Miss Marsh. Miss Gould. Miriam Taylor,
Messrs. Charles L. Patton. Edward Whip
ple. Senator E. K. Taylor. Samuel Clarke,
n t ' ir ameron . E. J. Moser, R. Radke,
R. L. Durbrow. W. L. Nelson. Frederick
Brown, G. J. Zett and Clarence Brown.
Odd Fellowship.
Grand Master Watson is visiting In the
northeastern part of the State.
George T. Shaw Jr.. son of the grand
secretary, was initiated Into Unity En
campment last week.
Golden Gate Encampment received t\ro
members by initiation last week.
Several lodges In this jurisdiction have
contributed voluntarily to the fund for
the relief of distressed Odd Fellows at
Galveston. About $200 has already been
received in that way.
Unity had a splendid time last week in
celebration of Its anniversary, there be
ing a good attendance. On that occa
sion, the sixty-sixth anniversary of the
birth of W. H. Barnes and the forty-fifth
of his Odd Fellowship, that eloquent
speaker delivered a most interesting ad
dress on the subject of what fraternity
has done for the world since 1735. Among
other things he showed that In 1S99 the
fraternal organizations In the United
States alone paid in relief and charity an
aggregate of $57.OOn.OOO. Past Grand
Wilson gave interesting recollections of
Odd Fellowship In early days.
New cantons are to be Instituted at
Vallejo. Redding and Eureka.
Farnsworth Lodge will celebrate Its
fifth anniversary by an entertainment in
its hall next Wednesday.
Morse Lodge had a pleasing entertain
ment last Wednesday.
Jubilee Lodge of the Rebekahs Is ar
ranging for a social to be given in the
banquet hall of the Odd Fellows' build
ing.
Templar Rebekah Lodge has contrib
uted to the hospital fund of the Orphans'
Home.
In Elkdoxn.
John Wills, battalion chief of the San
Francisco paid fire department, was ini
tiated on the night of the 21st as a mem
ber of San Francisco Lodge. At the sub
sequent meeting the new Elk showed his
interest in the lodge by presenting two
petitions.
E. P. Barrett, a member of this lodge,
went into training about a month ago un
der the direction of Phil Boieer, the leader
of the pedestrian annex, for the purpose
of reducing flesh. By closely following the
rules laid down he lost fifty pounds of his
avoirdupois and now Iooks like one-half of
his former self.
The new hall committee is looking at a
number of buildings in the vicinity of
Union square. ¦•'-'¦'. -
H. S. ilannintr. P. E. R., attended the
lodge at its last held meeting, the first
time since he left for the East to attend
the Grand I^odge. He gave glowing ac
counts cf the Klks in the East and ex
hibited a number of beautiful souvenirs
presented him !>y Eastern Elks.
Frank J. Kierce. supreme president of
the Ynung Men's Institute, a member of
this lodge, left for the East last Wednes
day to attond the session of the supreme
body of the Young Men's Institute.
Vallejo Lodge has appointed TV. J.
O'Donncll chairman of tho committee that
is to arrange a series of entertainments
for the members during a stated period.
A severe penalty is imposed on every
member of the committee for failure to
satisfactorily perform the duties imposed.
The chairman declares that there will not
be anv penalty visited on him.
Grand Exalted Ruler Fisher has reap
pointed F. L. Gray and W. H. Kennedy
district deputy grand exalted rulers for
the current term in recognition of the
pood work they have. done in this State
during the past year.
Los Angeles Lodge will have its first an
nual rodeo in Elks' Grove in Los Angeles
to-day. The circular of information prom
Ises the biggest time that Klks ever had In
anv community.
Druidism.
Manzanlta Grove is making extensive
preparations to receive the grand officers,
who are to pay It an official visit on the
night of the 25th of October. The commit
tee of arrangements and the c8\cerm of the
5rove propose to show the vistTtng efflcers
that Manzanita is one of the up-to-date
proves of San Francisco.
Olympia. Grove at its last held meeting
received five strangers Jnto membership
by initiation in the first degree and there
were presented seven petitions. This
grove, which was organized last March,
already has seventy members and hopes
to liave 123 before the meeting of the next
Grand Grove. On the evening of the 22d
inst. the grove gave a social in Its new
hall at lourteenth and Folsom streets.
Dancing lasted until a very late hour, and
It was the opinion, of all who attended
that the affair was a most delightful one.
\V. 11. Armstrong, a well known attorney
of this city, the noble arch of the grove,
was the floor director.
Golden. Star Grove has secured quarters
in Garibaldi Hall, where Galileo and Al
pinl groves hold their sessions.
Oakland Grove now has a boom. Within
a short time the grove has added five to
its membership and has several applica
tions to act on. A. I>. Samson, an active
rnrmbt.- of the order, is using his best en-
deavors to place this grove in the front
rank of Druldlsm.
George W. Lovle, P. N. G. A., while in
this city la^t week called on Grand Sec
retary Graves and invited him to visit
the grove in Redwood City, there to con
fer the degrees on ten candidates. Mr.
Lovie Is of the opinion that the groves In
Redwood City. Mayfleld and Colma will
soon make a good showing.
Roma Grove of Oakland took part In
the Italian parade In that city last Sun
day and made a very creditable showing.
Judge George H. Buck, P. N. G. A., a
resident of Redwood City, who was ill for
several woekp, is recovering.
Past Noble Grand Arch F. Cavagnaro
Is recovering from an attack of illness
that confined him to his home for two
weeks.
Native Daughters.
At the close of the business meeting of
San Luislta Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters at Ban Luis ObJspo on the 13th inst.
the good of the order committee enter
tained those present with music, singing
and games, after which there was served
a collation and coffee. One of the tempt
ing features was several dishes of chicken
tamales. The good of the order committee
of the parlor Is composed of Mrs. McFad
dln. Mrs. McCaffrey, Mrs. Mallagh, Mr3.
Henetzky, Mrs. Post *and Misses Alice
McHenry and Gertrude O'Connor.
During the past week the following
named registered at the office of Grand
Secretary Miss Laura J. Frakes: Amy L.
Tibbits of Butter Creek, Mrs. H. M.
Greene of Buena Vista Parlor. Dr. Temple
of Darlna Parlor. Josephine Coddington
or Orinda Parlor, Dolly Hymas, Grand
Marshal Amanda Hammerly of Piedmont
Parlor, Grand Trustee Harriet S. Lee of
Woodland Parlor, Sara Osterman of Sans
Soucl Parlor. Uosa Belle Conrad of Dar
i?n> e Belle \V. Conrad, P. G. P., left Eu
rope on the 19th of last month on her way
home. , '' . . .. -
A dav or two before the grand ball of
celebration week a thousand Invitations
were left at the office of the grand secre
tary" with the request of the ball commit
tee that they be deliveied to the local par
lors and their members. It was an Im
possibility to do so In the limited time,
consequently many did not receive invi
tations, and now there Is complaint that
the grand secretary's office did not send
them out. An investigation proves that
the secretary's office only received the
tickets for any one who would call for
them but made no promise to distribute
them' in any other manner. If any one is
to blame it is the ball committee, which
did not look after the Native Daughters
named were guests at the
Native Daughters' Home durinp celebra
tion week: Alice Durnln of Pine Burr
Parlor Dora and Joslo Zumdowski. Lizzie
and Grace Wiley an<l Miss Glascow of
Fl Pajaro Parlor. The permanent board
ers are Grand Secretary Laura J. Frakes.
Miss Rose Larsan of Sutter Parlor. Sac
ramento; Miss Morey of El Pajaro. Wat
eonville and Miss Mae B. Wilkln of Santa
Crui Parlor, Santa Cruz. Mrs. George B.
Slusher has relinquished the duties of
matron of the home for a while and is
resting there. -
Improved Order of » Bed Men.
At the council of Montezuma Tribe next
Tuesday the adoption degree will be con
ferred on thirty-two paielacev Aa lnvl-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .OAL.L, SUNDAY; SEPTEMBER 30, 1900.
Latest Fraternal News
35
___-_¦__¦¦; ADVERTISEMENTS.
T t
I U I Y 0F Sm^ r ARIS ?
I Dry Goods -^mm? Company. 1
I CHILDREN^ I
I TAILORED GARMENTS t
T - • i>'. T : .¦¦¦.- j.
T SECOND FLOOfi. JL
I CHILDREN'S AUTOMOBILES, t
I CHILDREN'S BOX COATS, |
I CHILDREN'S JACKETS t
T S
Y Just Opened In Sizes From 2 to G> Years, :
? ' 4-
| CHILDREN'S AUTOMOBILES, I
| CHILDREN'S RACLANS, |
:|: CHILDREN'S JACKETS. ±
•It rve>vA/ arrivals In sizes from & to 12 ye«rs In season's *f
•1* shades, Castors, Browns and Automobile Red. T
<%• --"/,'¦• : 31
{ CHILDREN'S HATS AND BONNETS. |
\ Choice Styles in Silk, Chiffon and Velvet. i
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY/?
Jl '¦>',*'¦ ¦ ¦% jl
.|. SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streeta, San Franohs). JL.
"fa UNION &<p«J/\FlJ2- X
•!• MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.' y
AMUSEMENTS.
• i ¦".-- -¦¦. •
W^Wfiw!WV8w SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 30th-
A NEW/ COMPANY
Important Engagement of the Favorite Operatic Star.
"This Will He the Famous Sopran o's Last Professional Engagement."
THE THREE POIRiERS
' Kurope'a Greatest Illng and Bar Artists.
JULIA KINGSLEY AND CO. ,
/ I'regentlng the Farcical A bsimllty, "Uncle's Niec«."
BELLE DAVIS
"The Southern Song Queen ," and Her Pickaninnies.
WAYNE AND CALDWELL I kolb «nd dill,
In a George M. Cohen Sketch. | The Premier German Comedians.
MR. AND MRS. JACKSON
In a New Sketch b y a New Author.
THE <3R.E/\T A/VIERICAN BIOGR/\F»H
MATINEE TO-DAT fSunday). September 30th. Parquet. 25o. any seat; Balcony 1<V: Chil-
dren. 10c. any part, except reserved. A few front Orchestra Rows reserved. 50c; front rows
of Balcony, I reserved, 23c.
_. ABTUSETyiENTS.
COLUMBIA v^s
Beginning
TONIGHT
ONE WEEK ENDING WITH NEXT SUN-
DAY NIGHT.
The San Francisco Favorite,
F OTY
In the Latest Farce-Comedy.
A NIGHT
IN TOWN
THE KLNQ OF COMEDIANS
THE QUEEN OF COMEDIES
THE JACK OF JOKERS ¦ •'-.->>•
THE TEN OF SOTJBRETTES
THE ACE OF LAUGHS
FUN FAST
FTTN FTJBIOTJS
FUN FRANTIC
FUN FBENZIED
FTJN FASCHTATHTO
FUN FANTASTIC
FUN FABULOUS
The Best Hand Brer Held at ths
Columbia.
Prices— $1, 75c, 50c, 35c, 25c
Monday, October 8, the Original
"Quo Vadis."
COLUMBIA
MON. O LIMITED
OCJ. O ENGAGEMENT
THE
GENUINE f^MMM^^
ARTICLE!
THE r
ORIGINAL.
AND ONLY f m^ m^^ "^
AUTHORIZED Umb^
VERSION!
AS SEEN FOR
MANY WEEKS IN
LONDON
NEW YORK
AND CHICAGO!
STANCE'S _^l^^^m
dramatization: "¦-"
THE mm
WHITNEY " B "?^^S»
KNOWLES
COMPANY OP -^^^^^m
10O PIAYERS
3 CARLOADS OF
SPECIAL SCENERY! , mmmm—m
A BIO CHORUS
A SPECIAL CORPS
OF DANCERS!
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, September JO
CLASSICAL
Open Jtake!
80 - - NOMINATIONS - - 80
siooo To ;r e r $1000
CONCERT BY YON DER MEHDEN'S BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 19:13 a.
m.. U a. m. and II in. and 1 p. m. : Twenty-
flfth and Valencia streets five minutes later,
returning at 4:43 p. m. and after last course.
San Mateo electric cars every six minutes.
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
SAN MATEO COURSING PARK
TO-DAY.. SUNDAY. SEPT. 30TH
GRAND OPEN STAKE.
GRAND OPEN STAKE.
GRAND- OPEN STAKE.
. 40--GHAMPI0NS-40
40-GHAMPI0NS-40
40--GHAMPI0NS--40
ANDY DEAN ........ Judgo
ARTHUR MASSEY Slipper
TRAIN SERVICE:
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
10:t> a. in., tl a. m., 13 m." ami I p. m. Re-
turning. l»ave th« Park at 4:43 p. m. and after
the last cours*. The Pan Mateo electric cars
direct to the Park every six minuter.
ADMISSION FREE.
TANFORAN FAIR
GRAND SIX-DAY HARNESS MEET-
ING BEGINS MONDAY.
OCTOBER 1st.
J:30 Pace. With 12 Entries— Purse $100<X
2:30 Trot. With 13 Entries— Purse »100O.
GIIEAT WESTERN STALLION STAKES.
WITH JlOOi) ADDED.
Starters:
MONTEREY. OSITO. ALT A VELA AND
IRAN ALTO.
All the Crack. Drivers Will Be In the Sulky.
First Rare at 1:30 p. m.
Take 10:40, 11:20. 12:30. 1:™> and l^ Trains from
Third and Townaenil.
HEN'UT J. CROCKER. President. -
OEO. A. NEW HALL. Secretary. •
GRAND FAMILY EXCURSION
SUNDAY. OCTOBER T.
Management ot O. II. KUbournf. to Mare Isl-
and. Benicia. Martinez. Valleji. to all points of
Interest on the bay. on the elegant steamer San
Rarael. Tickets. 60c. llmltM. for sale at
Dlxon's, 787 Market, and Ticket Office Sausallta
Ferry. Boat leaves Sausallto Ferry at 10:li
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.—— •
Open Dally From 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
Bathing From 7 A. M. to 10 P. It.
Admission. 10c: Children. 5c.
Bathlnr. Including admission. 33c: Children. 20c. -
iBfil Callil.00 perYear
*TS VOL 8*
TO-NIGHT I THE BARBER
LAST TIME | OF StVILLE.
WEEK BEGINNING MONDAY, OCT 1st:
I MONDAY, MIGNON
WEDNESDAY, CARMEN
FRIDAY, FAUST
SATURDAY, CARMEN
TUESDAY, THURSDAY, SUNDAY
EVENINGS, SATURDAY
MATINEE
THE
The Greatest Cast of the Season.
POPULAR PRICES-... 2Fc& 50c
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
TO-NIGHT— "HIS JAPANESE WIFH."
TO-MORROW YOU UNS
MONDAY OF FRISCO
NIGHT MUST SEE
The N. Y. Melodramatic Hit,
we uns or
TENNESSEE
ORIGINAL SCENERY. SPECIAL CAST.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
\JHm) T IVM M7M AA con. mason
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
LAST NIGHT OF PROF. 'CONRADI'S
LiVING PIjCTmE^T"
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
TO-MORROW. MONDAY.
Reappearance of the California Fayorlte, .
QUERITA VINCENT. >
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY. X* '
' ADMISSION FREE. .'
17T<jr l WP l R'<3 CONCERT. HOUSE.
Moil and MoHon. Carroll. Robert Ellis, De
Gosco Brothers. Vargas, Mae Tunlson
and'New Movlnsf Pictures. . .-;*-*»
Reserved Seats, 25c; Matinee Sunday.
. - **--.-..- . --¦:¦ - - ¦ - '. ¦» • ¦
ALF ELLINGIIOrSE Prop, and Mngr.
Phone South 770.
STARTING WITH
MATINEE TO-D\Y SUNDAY)
ONE WEEK ONLY— MATINEE SATURDAY.
TT O -MIGHT
THE COMEDIAN
WALTER
\A/ J\ L K E R
And the Dainty Comedienne,
MISS miLDRED
ST. PIERRI
- AND A STRONG COMPANY.
In A. M. PALMER'S Original Farce-Comedy
Success,
THAT MAN!
Direct From the Herald Square Theater. New
York. ¦'¦¦'-,,.
NEXT 8UNDAT AFTERN'OON. Oct. 7.
HOYT'S VERY BEST
A TEXAS STEER I
POPULAR PRICES.
Evening 15c, 23c. 35e, 5"c. 73c
Matlne* 13c. ?.>c, S3c. Sf>c
, GRAND OPERA MOUSE
MATIXEE TO-DAY.
—LAST NIGHT
Joseph Arthur's Famous Hoosler Drama,
BLUE JEANS,...
To-morrow Night— "The Sporting Duchess."
EVENINO PRICES— lOc. lr.c. :i5e. 6Oc..
A Feiw Front Rows In Orchestra 73c.
MATINEE PRICES-IOe. 15c. 25c. BOc
«T — -No Hl-her.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium. .
WITH SHOUTS OF ENTHUSIASM WERE
The AzalH Italian Crand Opera Co.
RECEIVED 1.AST NIGHT.
WEDNESDAY fJIGHT "(* A R M FIW."
SATURDAY MATINEE V/H11UL,M»
Monday NIrht. "Lucia"; Tuesday Night.
"Alda"; Thursday. Friday Night. "Faust":
Saturday Night.
REMEMBER POPULAR PRICES.
Nlzht-75c. 60c. 25c. Mattneo. Me. 50c
An Engagement Limited to Two Week*.
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
i T" «
COMMENCING TO-DAY.
MR. and MRS. CONGO
ASSISTED BY
BABY CONGO
HOLD FREE RECEPTIONS
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Telephone for . Beats, . Park - 23.THE bA.N ¦¦-FJiAJSUltoCO OAJLJL,; bUJSDA*:, "•¦;¦ blfiJf'i'i^ALJLiiiixi 9 Xokjxj.
36
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
CCEINESS OFFICE of The San Frandsoo
Call, corner of Market and Third etreeU. open
Btstfl 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:36 p. m.
£00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CT8 McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
CIS Larkln etrcet; open until 9:20 p. m.
:S«1 Mission Btreet; open until 10 p. m.
Ktl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S t>. m.
1C« Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open cntll > p. m.
enrnen services.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mla-
elon «t-. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Hutsln-
piller will conduct public worship at 11
c.clock and preach on the topic. "The Sec-
ond Thought cf a Great Man and Ita Re-
eulte," and at 7:45 p. m.. with sen-Ice of
worship, the termon will be on the topic,
••The Conversion of a Worldly Man." Beats
free ar.d a cordial welcome to friends and
r t re npers. ¦
ST. LUKE'S Episcopal Church, cor. of Van
Ne*s ave. and Clay et. Holy communion. 8
a. m. Morning prayer. 11 o'clock. Evening
Fervlce. 7:45 o'clock. Rev. T. J. Mackay. rec-
tor cf All Saints Church. Omaha, will
preach bcth morning and evening.
TKIXITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough sts..
IUv. Frederick W. Clampett. D.D.. rector—
Morr.inp service, 11 a. m. Evening prayer, 4
j.) m. Early communion, 8 a. m. Commenc-
;r.g October L 1900. the rector will preach
Friday service of Intercession for the army
rnd navy at 11 a. m. Bpeclal musical ser-
vice Sunday. September 20. 1900. at 7:45 p. ro.
ET PACI/S Church. California et.. near j Flll-
more. Ber. W. Maxwell Reilly, rector; Rev.
A. O. Wilson, assistant— Holy communion.
T.SO a, m. Sunday-school children's sen-ice.
S:4j a- m. Morning eervice and pennon by
the recur, 11 a. m. Monthly choral even-
song. T:4j p. m.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
llsjton sts. — Hev. George C. Adams. D.D..
j*stor. will preach at both Fervlces. At 11
a. m.. topic, "Feeing God as He ls=." At 7:43
p. m. topic, "The High and Lofty One
Whose Name is Holy." All are cordially in-
vited.
1'LYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post st-,
near Webster— Rev. F. B. Ch-rington, D.D..
pastor— U a. m.. an address by Mr. Francis
llurpky. the compel temperance evangelist.
7:40 p. m.. the* Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation work will be presented by Mr. Noel
H . Jacks of Oakland and Mr. Clarke Pome*-
ivy ot this city. Sunday-pchool at 9:80 a. m.
The public cordially invited.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church. Oak and
Bcker ets.. Rev. J. S. Thomas, pastoi* — At 11
a. m. morr.lng service, theme, "Jesus, the
Rest of the Hours Feeling Powers." At 7:43
pi *m.. "WelFhing Belshazrar." Eunday-
fchool at $:Z0 a. m. Christian Endeavor
m«>*tlng at 6:45 p. m. Midweek meeting on
Wednesday at 7:43 p. m. A welcome all.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. of Geary
and Powell sts.. Rev. John Hemphill, D.D..
jiaFtor— Ilev. William Martin, D.D.. of Santa
Rosa v..; preach at 11 a. BO. and 7:45 p. m.
Pabbath-echool and Mr. Johnston's Bible
class at 12:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor So-
ciety meets et 6:30 p. m., topic, "Our Fool-
ish Excuses." Wednesday evening service at
S o'clock. Stramrers cordially welcomed.
SEVENTH Day Aflventist Church, 914 Laguna
St., between McAllister and Golden Gate ave.
—Preaching this (Sunday) evening at 7:30
o'clock by the pastor. Elder J. O. CorllM.
Subject. "The Brsst That Was and Is Not
ar.d \~f. Is"— Revelation, xvil. A cordial ln-
vitatlon is extended to all. Seats free.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
Block. IC3 Sutter et.. tx>t. Kearny Et. and
OraKt »ve. — Christian Science Bible lesson at
Lll «- m., FUbject. "Are Sin. Disease and
J>ath Heal?" Sunday-school for children at
the same hour. Wednesday evening meet-
;r.c at 8 o'clock. Free rea<3!r.g-room. 204
K"f Iff St., room C19. All are welcome.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E.
Cramer, ra^cr. Meets even' Sunday at 11
a. m.. In "Home College." 3360 Seventeenth
Ft.. b*tTre<>Ti Valencia and Mission ets. : Sun-
day school at 10 a. m. Subject of discourse,
•The Universe. Not Diverse."
CHURCH cf Jesus Christ of«Latter Day Balatt
—Services every Sur.day. 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.
m.. at the K. or P. Hall. 903 Market Ft. Sub-
ject of evening sermon. "Revelation." All
¦welcome. No collections.
AR5<X*IAT1ON Hall. Ma.">on and Ellla 6t*.—
Service at 3 o'clock to-day fcr men only, in-
ftupuratinc the BH>le clars -work for the sea-
F.ti: address by Rev. II. W. Fraser, D.D..
••Preview of the Subject Matter of the Bible."
All your.g men welcome.
FIRST Mer.ta! Science Temple meeta 11 a. m.,
OcM^n Oate Hall; special lecture. Publlo
Invited. Free.
TlinOSOPHICAL Society— Public lectures
rvery Fun<1ay evening at 8 o'clock, Theo-
enphical Hall. OJd Fellows' building. To-
nipht. •"Spirits of the Air." by Miss M. A.
W.-ilsh. GoH»n chain at 11 a. m.
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN will lecture this
PTCBlBC <^n "The Mysteries of Nutrition." at
Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. S09 Market Bt..
followed by magnificent views , of "Shake-
fpeare ar.d Stratford-cn-the-Avon." Those at-
tending may procure free tickets to the X-Ray
exhibition at th3 Sanitarium, next Tuesday
ever.'.r.p. Seats free. No collections.
A BEAUTIFULLY illustrated lecture and In-
teresting psychic readings by Dr. Dhul Mac-
ciaire. the eminent phyBio-i>sychle examiner
and ourist. to-night at Pythian Castle.
<"a'.anthe Hall. 90S Market et. Fre« for ladles
and gentlemen.
A-DR. RINES 1 Spiritual Society, 909 Market—
11. free: 2-8. 10c; Mrs. Lester, others: Mr.
llanun, Fish*r. Dr. Carventer. Gimme.
IJa^es; 8 l>. m.. a short lecture on "Astrol-
ogy"; Dr. Rines reads last.
MRS. WEIR holds spiritual test meetings at
Becker's Hall. Washington St.. bet. 8th & 9th.
Oakland, every Wed. eve. at 8: admission 10c.
MI^S SOPHIA SEIP— Sun. at 8 and dally read-
Ings. Cth & Mkt. sts.. Oakland, People's Hall.
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's convincing test cir-
cle to-night at $: 10c. 5 Hyde st.; read, daily.
EBERHARDTS, 2250 2Cth et.; convincing proof
of spirit return to-night; 10c; readings daily.
MRS. MARY EVANS— Circle to-day 2 & 8:
Hon.. Tuoa.. Wed.. Fri.. Sat.. 10c. 108 Cth et.
M11E. YOUNG. €05 McAllister— Convincing dem-
onstration of Eplrit return to-night, 10c.
MRS R. S. LILLIE speaks In Golden Gate
Hall. €23 Putter Et.. to-night at 8 o'clock.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN, medium— Sittings
dally. 120 McAllister tt., flat I.
MEETINGS— I'niTeriial Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society, 813 Market et.— Lec-
ture to-nlgtit, "The Joy of Progress," by Mrs.
M. Third.-; International Brotherhood League
meets Tuesday night, subject "Why Life Is
Joy." by Dr. Allen Griffiths.
MECTING NOTICES.
EXci" r RSIOir~iTEAMER~ «5TT^^
ZEALANDIA V^PJ^^
Sails from Padflc-st. wharf jiST^ *
for Honolulu, via HUo, V<W>v''
THURSDAY. October 11. at A£S§\
12 m. For accommodations ap- I if
Ply vn Parrott building. VJI PJ
R. P. HCRUiLT, Potentate. >V J?
Tel. South 64S.
EERNAL Lodge No. 1J, A. O. U. W.— «<r»S.
Members are requested to attend thetSewS
?untral cf our late brother, G. BAG-tlfcF?
LIETTO. THIS DAY, at 1 o'clock p. tffl^
m., from 4*2 Broadway.
E. WORTH. Recorder.
PACIFIC Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society — The annual meeting of the members
or this society will be held Sunday, Septem-
ber 30, 1900, at 2 p. m.. sharp, at the asy-
lum, comer Hayes and DeviEadero sts. The
annual reports of the oClcers will be sub-
mitted and auch other business transacted as
will come before the meeting.
LEO ELOESSER, Secretary.
THD California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraalio
process rrorn the Dewey Consolidated Gravel
Mining Company, in the Homeward Bound,
Evening Star and Morning Light mines, near
l«wa Hill. Placer County, to deposit tailings
*> Indian Canyon; from Mary E. Ruth et al«..
in the Buckeye mine, near North San Juan,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings In a
worke<J-out pit; from the Ralston Divide Gold
Mining Company. In the Pat Goggins and
I'.iarksrci'.h Flat mines, near Virner, Placer
County, to depoelt tailings In Long Canyon;
from Nathan Gardiner, in the Sidney placer
mine, near Igo. Shasta County, to deposit
tailings in Sidney Gulch, and from A. W.
Whitney and C. T. Hepler. in the Miocene
mine, near Crescent Mills, Plumae County,
to deposit tailings In Ruth Creek, glvea notice
that a meeting will be held at room C8.
Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.. on Oc-
tober IS. 1900. at 1:30 p. m."
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice la hereby
Clven that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA
will be held at the banking hons* in this city
on TUESDAY. October 9. 1900, af Jl o'clock
a. ra. By order of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano, recognized brightest as-
trologer In America: sketch of life and pros-
l#ct.«; wnd date of birth, sex and 12c. PROF.
SERRANO. P. O. box S238. Boston. Mass.
PROF. G. S. DOVE, phrenologist; examination
11; children, half price; special terms to stu-
dents. Call 7C5 Market Ft., room 15.
MME. HICKEY, aatrologlst; card reading and
palmistry. 25c; horoscopes cast. 1933 Mission.
DR. C. T. TAYLOR, sclentlne astrologer, com-
putes horoscopes by Ptolemy method. 7G5 Mkt.
¦ *
AGENTS WANTED. .
)S TO tU dally made by our Live Agents)
men or women, selling our latest novelty,
campaign waterproof neckties; gooda entirely,
new and patented; agenta delighted; Eslea uu-
llmitel; what others do you can do; write to-
day* secure exclusive territory; guaranteed
best seller. Address, • with stamp. M. & M,
MANFG. CO.. Dept. C. Bprrngfleld. Mass.
GENERAL agents In every locality In U. tf. to
represent large concern, appointing agenta on
strictly salary basis of $S5 per mo., with all
traveling expenses paid. - Dept. 606, 1970 Park
ave.. New York.
HARPER ft BROTHERS want solicitors for
their fine subscription editions of Thackeray,
Waverley. Hardy, Abbott. Motley. Mnrley,
Green, Abbey, Rolfe, Loeslng, etc. 206 Kearny.
HAVE you thought it la time for holiday and
new fall book canvassing? Samples are ready;
line elegant: don't be too late; order outfit at
once. J. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
AGENTS wanted In every town In the State for
8 of the beet selling articles on the market.
For partlculara address box 2033. Call office,
Oakland. '*
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell i than books or lr.sur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 41*. Parrott bldg.
AGENTS sell our aluminum card cases and
cards: circulars and samples free. Bunker
Printing Co., Dept. 21, Kansas City, Mo.
AGENTS of ability and experience In life lnsur-
ance. Call at room 101. 997 Market, cor. Sixth.
WE haini 1*» newest novpltlps for a cents. P*A-
CIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO., 3461 18th St.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roortntr. sidewalks; cellar
floor* laid, repaired: postal. US* Mission st.
ATTOIt.VEVS AT LAW.
R- W. KING, attorney at law, 927 Market St..
room G27; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market. cor.Stocktonl
FREE advice; divorce laws, damapes, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels,bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket >t.: consultation free; no fee» In advance.
hath c.uii.\i:ts.
ROBINSON $5, 4 -panel folding; door opens: firm
and fafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
BOAIIDIXC FOR CHILDREN.
WIDOW would like two children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 249 Shipley at.
i WANTK DC-Home for girl 9 years old. Box S99«.
; Call office.
j BUSI.YKSS CHANCES.
I $360— PARTNERSHIP; estab. business; profits
| over »400 for Sept. LANE & CO.. E65 Market.
BARGAIN; saloon; fine location and business;
no night work; come quick. LANE, SC5 Mrkt.
16&0- MDLLINERY business; an elegant place;
full value In stock; living-rooms: cheap rent;
a bargain. LANE & CO.. 565 Market et.
A-SAY, FISHER & CO., have you lodging-
houses? Yes: what price? $300 up, any loca-
tion desired; 12 rooms. $300; 10 rooms, $450; 10
rooms, new. J9O0. fine; 20 rooms, bargain. $750:
87 rooms, $2000, snap; all sizes, all prices, all
new bargains; call and see us. 1032 Market.
I A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT. CALL ON
j KREDO & V DUTTON. 38 Geary ut.
J700 cash for 60 rooms; new- Installments.
tSOO for 14 rooms; Geary: $35 profit.
$450 only for 14 rooms; Post; worth $900.
$1050— DELICACY store near Market at.; living
rooms; clears $150 to $200 per month. M.
LESS & CO.. 765 Market et.
HONEST speculation; tend for my "method" of
"Eecurity Investments"; if are satisfied with
reasonable profits; investments by this method
In stocks & grain have earned In 30 days more
than a mecnanic earns In 60; send for free
particulars; customers & bank references.
Richard Jones, Investment Broker, 40 Ex-
change place. New York.
$1450— SALOON; central location: well fitted up;
day business; complete stock; commercial
lunch, li-i o'clock; 6 furnished rooms, always
rented; good paying business, with very light
expenses; good reason for selling. Box 37S4.
Call office.
DRUG store. Interior city, doing paying busi-
ness; invoice about $2800; best location; new
Btock and fixtures; low expenses. For particu-
lars E. R. C. care LAKGLEY ft MICHAELS
CO., city.
FOR eale — Physician's practice; over $200 per
month cash Income. Particulars of LANGLEY
& MICHAELS CO.. 40 First at.
WANTED— A lady partner, small capital- sta-
tlonery business; by lady; ref. Box 3388. Call.
$300— PARTNER wanted in first-class restau-
rant; central location. Addresa Box 2212. Call.
| FOR SALE cheap— Established soda works;
cause, sickness. Call 266S Twenty-second et.
; RESTAURANT and oyster house for Bale. 627
j Natoma at., bet. 9 and 11 a. m.; no agents.
A— $1100; STATIONERY, notion, candy store-
clearing $100 per month. Box 3799. Call.
i TO let— A barber stand; good location. Inauire
at Bank Saloon. £27 Clay at.
i CORNER grocery and bar will be sold cheap:
' living rooms. 1368 Folsom »t.
| CHICAGO Brokerage Co.. 805 So. 63d ave., Chl-
j cago— Sells your business or farm for cash
| wherever located; get partner or sell your
I patent.
I A NO. 1 transfer corner saloon for sal* on
account of Immediate departure for Europe-
price reasonable; established 12 years. Ad-
dresa box 4427. Call otflce.
j BAKERY. 1101 Howard St.; store and 2 roomj;
bake oven, with large basement; rent cheap.
FOR sale— Laundry route; paying $100 per
month; price $400. Box 4500. Call office.
SALOON for eale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East St.. north of Market; no agentsT
FOR SALE— Grocery and bar doing a good
buEiness. Call or address 21 Cedar avenue-
no agents. w
RESTAURANT doing good business. Call and
Inspect, 2137 Center St., Berkeley.
WANTED— Partner for restaurant: too much
business for one; $300. Apply C90 Fourth st.
GROCERY and bar; good location; established
15 years: stock In sight for full purchase price.
Apply W. L. HARPER, 313 Hearst bldg.
TO let— Barber ehop, 2 chairs; rent cheap. US
Seventh «t.
RANCH with milk route, 22 cows, 6 horses,
wazons. etc. Box 18. 106 Eleventh at.
PLUMBING shop, stock, shop tools, horse and
wagon for gale. Address box 4401. Call.
FOR SALE— Klondyke Oyster House; money
maker; cause sickness. 126 Third St.. at 12 m.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and aubscrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla «t. j
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
14 ROOMS; only S40J] 15 rooms; corner.... $850
20 rooms; clears $100 600 26 rooma; corner.... 1700
7-room flat 100 80 rooms; rood 1850
21 rooms; new 1100 36 rooms; dears $150.1600
18 rooms; clears $1» SOO G6 rooms; new 2800
• rooms; see this JEO 32 rooms; corner 1000
9 rooms; flat 400 8 rooms; bargain.... 800
12 rooms; good 400 104 rooms aoi
DON'T FAIL TO CALL. I CAN SUIT.
House for Cash Payments or Exchange.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market. Phone Mint TJl.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market Bt.. room 1. ~T~~ '¦
29 rooms; Income $259 monthly $2000
£1 rooms; corner; all front; a bargain.... 1200
13 rooms, 9 furnished; 6 blks N. Market.. 125
200 houses for eale; list free; please call.
EMERY ft SMITH, 8 Eddy at., cor. Market.
Lodging-housea to auit everybody; Inspect
our full and complete lists. * '
£0 rooms; Ellis st..... .....8850
14 rooms; McAllister st 500
Cash or easy payments. .
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house: ce/itral $1000
11-room bouse; $300 down; balance easy.. COO
20-room house; flrst-class 1050
11-room house; $475; 6-room flat 825
FISHER ft CO.. 1Q32 Market Bt.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses at
reduced prices; genuine bargains; sizes and
location to suit: money loaned. SCHWEIN-
HARD ft CO.. 917 Market st.. between Fifth
and Sixth; phone 1911. -
A— 20-ROOM hotel; modern; large lot; 2 stores;
always full; or suitable for sanitarium; in
Aiamtda: very easy terms. Apply A. M.
SPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market st. ¦
75 ROOMS on K*arny St.: no better transient
Ioc"glng-h6use In the city, to make money.
Address box 8797, Call office.
FURNISHED bouse. 10 rooms; all occupied:
- good location; rent cheap. 12&% Ninth st.; no
agenta. .
FOR sale— A 15-room lodging house; on ac-
count of sickness. 825 Mission st. '
SIXTH, 242— Nice sunny furnished house of 9
rooms for aale; . reasonable.'^aBBaiiMBtaM
FOR sale— Lodging-house; 21 rooma; all light
109 Jessie St.. corner Second.- >
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge nn-
leaa successful. Room U0. 127 Market at.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ONE light express wagon, one light driving
buggy, for eale very, cheap. RINO BROS.,
Nineteenth and Castro its. .
$90 WILL buy a Brewster steel-tired aurrey,
shaft or pole; seats 4 or 6. 818 Geary at
ALMOST new business buggy; I-horse hound
wagon; bargain. 203 Fremont at
ALL kinda of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission at
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for aale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW ft 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts ft har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th ft Valencia.
SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER^
ICAN SPONGE CO.. 150 New Montgomery at.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnbam, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawaultB, dlvorcea, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs. 8un.,Wed.,FrL
ev's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
613 Eddy at., bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
PROF. GEE, medium; test circle every night
10c; read. $1; ladles 60a 148 6th, Brunswick.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium.
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st.. room 1.
MRS. LESTER— Circles Sun., Tues., Frl. eve'.,
10c; readings dally. 200 Turk et.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit, dally: convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRa J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, lest, busl-
ne?« medium, life reader; sittings «¦ 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. E. M. DUVALL.
425 Golden Gate ave.
Late of Los Angeles,
Mrs. Duvall Is a natural born clairvoyant,
business medium and healer. She tells your
fast, present and future life, diagnoses dis-
eases, cures deafness, etc If there are ob-
stacles in the path of your life she can tell you
how to overcome them and how to avoid them.
Mrs. Duvall has practiced successfully In
Los Angeles for the past, nine years for all
the principal business people, as well as those
In the highest society, and atill has patrons
there, to whom she will continue to give her
valuable advice.
ISMAR THE GYPSY!
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncurtained years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible were It not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satin-
fled in life, consult ISMAR, for she Is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame, and her name has
become a proverb in thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. at her
office. 1148 Market st., opposite Sixth. Full life
reading by mall, $5.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 26c and up: satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double v:ll ft second Bight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles SOc;
gents $1; palm. & clalr. Bit. $1 50. 126 Turk St.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advlc*
riven in all affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 2Se ut». 17 Third St., next Examiner.
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium; card
reader. 25c up. S23 Mission at., nr. 4th: no sign.
MRS. MOORE, clalr., card reader; written ques-
tions ans.; L. 25c, G. 50c. 1050 McAllister st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth at, room 14.
MME. VALEEN. clairvoyant, palmist, card read-
er; real Egyptian charms. 215 Leavenworth.
CATHERINE DEAN, scientific life and card
reader. 989 Howard St., cor. Sixth, of flee 23.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
"CONSULT WATSON." 1581 Market at, nr.
12th; "famous medium, palmist"; 25c& 60a.
MRS. E. M. DUVALL. clairvoyant and healer,
diagnoses diseases. 425 Golden Gate ave.
MME. 6CHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212^ Sixth at.
MME. RUTH, great prophetlo card reader;
60c. 70S EUIb et.. near Larkln.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to U Sixth; German spoken.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth at
CARPET IIEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama Bt.: tel. South 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
8TEVENS. mgr., 88-40 8th at; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3o per yard, laid at 4c
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 833 GoMen
Gate ave.: telephone East 126. •
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; eonsult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Sutter.
COTTAGES TO LET.
8 ROOMS. $8; 340 Sunnyside ave.; or will sell;
$S0 cash; balance $10 per month. THE MC-
CARTHY CO.. 645 Market st.
$&— HOUSE of 4 rooma; worth $12 In city; near
Holly Park; water free. 64 Silver at., off Sd.
$9 — 4 ROOMS; marine view and yard.* 1019
Lombard St.. near Hyde.
~~ DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC," 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted; plates, full set, $5; fillings,
COc; crown. $3 DO. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 6th.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work la
unexcelled, our prices are the lowest: call and
see our samples and get our prices before go-
Ing elsewhere; best of references; examination
free. "Main office" New York Dental Parlors,
1019 Market st, bet Cth and 7th; elevator.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret. , painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no, students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at
TEETH extracted free;' plates. $5; crowns, $3 SO;
bridge work. S5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market cor. G. G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made ; old plates made over like new ; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, SOc; gas given.
DR. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Palnleaa
extraction 60c; plates $5 up; Tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices In 8. F.; painless extraction.
We. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARlfe Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 28o.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and 6un-
daya. 1001 Market Bt.. corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOTTNO. 1841 Polk' St.
DOG HOSPITALS. ~
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West (36.
DR. CreeJy's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 513 Golden Gateav.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
GOOD aewer. wanted at 1423 Polk at. ,
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
llnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.-
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual instruction, $8 per
• month;- . life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; Just added 25 new
typewriter*; commercial department enlarged
and Is the best In 8. F. ; catalogue free.
GA'LLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrett Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.;
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens Monday. Oct. L- For Information aid-
dresa the dean, Dr.'D. Maclean,* Donohoe ¦ cdg.'
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
- porters beat teacher, best ayatem, 802 MonUr.
__'¦'_'_.__ -^gPCCA'TlbWAIi.- ' '^'
HEALD* 8 BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post at,
:, B. F.— Bookkeeping, - shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc ; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
NIGHT School f or _ J4«n - at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.: registration,
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
treat opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges- referencea. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
SPANISH professors, recently arrived from
South America, give lessons and receive all
work concerning translation, correspondence,
etc. at moderate terms. 808 Minna at.
ALL students" but two taking full course this
year got positions. ( BAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1238 Market St.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private leasons; 8
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
825. TARR. expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. : est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
FRENCH, Spanish. etc. Prof.DeFlllppe's Academy
of Languages.320Post:e8tab'd 1871;able»t profs.
AYRES' Business College night school opens
October 1. 723 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larglng quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkln at.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
lng, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling.
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post Bt., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment
office; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Waiters, cooks,
dishwashers. Est 1890. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Bent help. 4im O'Farr»ll at; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
THOROUGHLY competent young; lady wishes
position In office or as cashier: understands
use of Remington typewriter: best of refer-
ences furnished. ' Box 8390. Call office.
WANTED— Housework by the day. Call or ad-
dress S22 Howard at, upstairs.
WANTED— By two competent women, work to-
gether as cook for men; country preferred.
Call or address Cook. 260 Stevenson at.. 6. F.
GERMAN girl (19 years) wishes to assist with
light housework and care of children. Ad-
drees box 3392, Call office.
AMERICAN woman, honest, with good refer-
ences, wants place In nice family; neat; can
sew; nurse; good cook or housekeeper or work
by day; city or country; carfare expected, C2I
Stockton at.
GERMAN girl, 20 years old, wishes to do gen-
eral housework In American family. Address
box 8399. -Call office. ¦
COMPETENT woman wishes situation at light
housework In small family or will take work
by the day. Call or address 214 Fifth st.
TOUNO girl wishes a position doing light
houaework or assist with children. 718 Green-
wich St. / .¦-•:* '•
A WOMAN' wishes work by the day washing
¦ or house-cleaning, or would assist with cook-
ing. 88 Third at, room 17.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day; any
kind of housework; call Monday. 214 Turk
st., in rear.
WANTED— By experienced, trustworthy wo-
man position as nurse or taking care of ln-
valld. MRS. HANDY. 129 Grove st.
AN experienced dressmaker, designer and per-
fect fitter, desires work by the day In fam-
ilies; city or country. CARLISLE. 703 Ellis.
A WAITRESS wants plain waiting In restau-
rant, lunch or steady; neat and reliable. Box
2203, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position as saleslady: dry
goods or millinery; can furnish good refer-
ences. Call or address 207 Virginia ave.
DRESSMAKER from the East; first-class; go
out by the day. 1532 Polk at.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engagements
In famyiea; terms $1 25 per day; references.
Address 817 Golden Gate ave.
NEAT American woman, elderly, will go as
housekeeper, taking care children, cooking,
washing and the entire work of Binall family;
wages $12 to $18. Call at 250 Tehama at
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go In families to sew;
75o per day. 14 Capp at., near Sixteenth.
GERMAN woman wants washing. Ironing,
housecleaning by the day. 1651 Howard at.
WANTED— By a reliable lady, to do housework
or take care of Invalid lady; no postals or
children. Call at 2107 Powell Bt, atore.
FIRST-CLASS cook with good reference would
like a position in a school, college or Institu-
tion; city or country. 89 Fifth St., opp. Mint.
LADY wishes aewlng and mending to do at
home. 116 Sixth St., room L
WOMAN wants plain sewing to do at home.
625 Pine St.. room 60.
WANTED— A thoroughly competent and re-
spectable young woman wants a position at
housekeeper. Box 202S. Call office. Oakland.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms;* 25c to $1 60 night. $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt. •
EMPLOYMENT 'WANTED MALE.
YOUNG man of 30, apeaks English, Spanish
and Portuguese, wishes position in grocery;
long experience: good references. Address
box 3398. Call office.
WANTED— A position by a young man in Borne
butcher shop where he can learn to cut meat;
best of references; city or country. Box 8759,
Call office.
GARDENER, Danish, 30 years old! single,
wishes situation on gentleman'- place; best
references. N. P. NELSON, 208 Bush et.,
Brooklyn Hotel.
YOUNG man, well educated, desires position in
store or manufacturing- concern; understands
' the drug trade; can give Al references and
security. C. J. SHILLING, 1581 Valencia st.
¦FIRST-CLASS cook desires steady situation In
restaurant or oyster house. Call or address
GEO. WEXSE. 115 Eighth at
SITUATION by middle-aged German as porter
or for kitchen work; city or country: Is a
good milker; 8 years on last place. G. P.,
621 California at
A FIRST-CLASS machinist 13 years on bi-
cycle repairing, enameling and stripping;
conversant with automobile repairs; best of
references. Address box 2034, Call office, Oak-
land. ,
BUTLER or valet. • with first-class recom-
mendation, wants position. Box' 8396, Call.
CARPENTER, ateady, all-around man, wants
work of any kind; has tools. Box 442L Call.
STEADY young man of 20 wishes position in
gents' furnishing house; best of references.
Box 2210, Call office.
SALARIED position wanted by steady, edu-
cated, married American; has a general busi-
ness and mining experience; references. F.
M. ADAM8. Alden station. Oakland.
RELIABLE young man. handy with tools,
wishes position aa engineer or fireman; city
or country. Address box 4499.' Call office.
YOUNG man desires position where he can
practice drawing; can speak French; best
.. references. Box 4498. Call office.
GOOD blacksmith's helper and shoer desires
position; city preferred. Address box 4422,
Call office. ,-,. -.,.
MAN and wife "want positions In private fam-
lly or on a ranch. Address box 4424, Call.
I WILL give $5 to party securing me a posi-
tion at some kind of night work, not over 8
hours, that will bring board and room and
$35 per month; night clerk preferred; flrst-
class references. Address box 4428. Call.
THE employment department of the Y. M. C.
¦ A. furnishes only reliable young men. Corner
Mason and Ellis tti.; phone Bush 17.
A YOUNG man wants work; will do anything;
mechanical or electrical work preferred. Box
4434/, Call. •
STEADY man; 15 years' experience In orchard
and vineyard wk. ; understands handling green
and dried fruit, - budding, grafting, pruning,
etc.; used to handling men: would like man-
agement of large ranch; ref. Box 4952.: Call.
RELIABLE and competent young man desires
position of any kind: is a good penman and
accountant. Box ;. 4441.- Call, v, .
' JAPANESE, honest " boy, ' wants ¦•' position ' as
schoolboy. ¦ GEORGE, 807 Polk at. . :
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsementa and
. subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia at. <.---¦
EXCHANGE.
$J850— COTTAGE," 6 rooma.' bath and barn: or
will sell at discount. 108 Fourth at.. Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL. •
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITINQ CO.. 604 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages and houses to rent.
1198 Ellis; n. f.. *r..$65 917 Vallejo; f., 4 r...$10
219V4 Polk; f., 7 r.... 27 631 Jersey; c, 5 r.... 11
725 Hyde; f., 6 r.. 23 60 1424 Howard; f., 4 r. 10
215% Elm ave.;f.. 6 r 16 S04 Buchanan: f.. 4 r S
Flats wanted to rent. A. M. SPECK St CO.,
667 Market «t. - ¦
BRAND new sunny fiats of 4 and 6 rooms and
baths, rent reasonable, on Minnesota St., bet
21st and 22d. OWNER. 917 Minnesota.
CAPP, 1060. nr. 26th— Sunny flat, S rooms; yard,
stable; rent $11. „ ;
FINE sunny flat 8 rooms; rent cheap. 1104
Harrison st. >
FLATS, C and 6 rooms; fine view; sunny; large
yard. . 707 Stockton at.
FOLSOM, 2960— Modern fiat of 8 rooms ; water
free: rent 18.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
PARTLY furnished flat of 3 or 4 rooms; new.
830 Noe nt.. bet. 21st and 22d.
PLEASANT sunny flat, 6 large rooms. 133 Lily
ave., near Octavla Bt <
413 STEVENSON, near Fifth— Upper flat 5
rooms; rent $18; water free.
BUNNY upper and lower 4-room flats; 161
Clementina Bt; rent reduced to $8 and $10.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN ft CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st. - /V
SUNNY desirable flats; Oak and Laguna sts.;
7, 8 and 9 rooms; rent reasonable. Apply
MADISON ft BURKE.
SUNNY upper flat 4 rooms, good condition,
$8 CO. 711 Harrison St.. near Third.
SUNNY flats; 4 and 6 rooms, bath; off Howard
Bt. bet 12th and 13th. Key at 1626 Howard.
TO rent— 2049 Ellis st; fine flat of I rooms and
bath; rent cheap. !
UNION. 1108, nr. Hyde— 7 rooms, I baths,
kitchen, 6 closets, yard, $22 60; flat, 4 rms., $3.
UPPER flat; 6 large rooms and bath; yard. 107
Germanla ave.. near Flllmore st.
VALLEJO. 1111— Upper flat, 4 rooms and bath;
newly painted and papered; rent reasonable.
$16—8 ROOMS and bath; newly papered. 22 De
Boom St., off Second, near Brannan.
$20— HANDSOME fla*; choice neighborhood;
beautiful view; warm belt 111 Liberty at
$50- $70— NEW modern Nob Hill flats; aunny;
just completed: 7 and 10 room* and bath.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. 81 per year.
FLATC TO LET FURNISHED.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1000, <rcraeT~Laguna^
Comfortable and very complete furnished flat
of 6 rooms and bath; plenty closets; .nice
conservatory; a model home; side bay win-
dows; Jefferson Park, fronting on Golden
Gate ave. ;¦ excellent neighborhood; 8 months
or longer to good tenant; price $50 per month.
. FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 Rd6MS~?urnlshed In oak t or $4S i BO. with No! 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market Bt. ; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling: your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln ; tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission at., pay"
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 33S3.
HELP WANTED-FEJIALE.
WANTED — Monday morning, S laundress-
es, $25 and $30; 2 German nurses, $25; German
nursery governess, $25; 4 waitresses,
country hotels, fare paid, $20 and $25; cham-
bermaid and seamstress, $25; 4 cooks, no
wash. German style. $30; lady's maid. $25; 6
second girls. $25; rook and second girl. 3 in
family, both same house, $30 and $20; and lots
of other girls for all kinds of work.
J. F. CROSETT ft CO.. 318 Sutter at
SEAMSTRESS and. chambermaid. $25; laun-
dress, same place, $25, see lady here Tues-
day; 2 r.oks, $35 and $30: cook, boarding-
house, $30; 6 second girls, $23 and $20; aecond
girl, two In family, $30; two nursegirls, $20
and $15. Apply MRS. NORTON. 813 Sutter.
"WANTED— A neat girl about IS or IS years to
assist In light housework; must sleep at
home. Apply 329 Tenth Bt after 11 a. m,
CORSETS, skirts, bustles; big profits; sample*
free; lady agents wanted. WOOD & CO..
205 East Jefferson St.. Syracuse. N. Y.
SALESLADY wanted for bakery; one who can
wait at table. 1410 Polk at., near Pine.
ELDERLY lady; light duties for room and
board. 3332 Clay st.
WANTED— Ladles to copy letters at home,
everywhere; pleasant work; rood pay; full
particulars, terms, etc.; reply with stamp.
The Cutler Co.. Dept. 8. Chicago, 111.
WANTED— A woman of tact to travel for busl-
nesa house; only those willing to engage for
one year need apply. Box 3775, Call office.
OPERATORS wanted on working and driving
gloves. Standard Glove Works, 675 Mission.
SMALL girl to assist with children. Apply 14
Landers at., bet 14th and 15th. Church and
Dolores.
FINISHERS on custom coats and make button-
holes; good wages. 140 Rusa at.
FINISHERS on pants wanted; good wages.
40 Ellis St.. room E6.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 1535 Polk st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework; wages
$4 a week. 3346 Clay st.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 1022 Washington at.
A STENOGRAPHER • and typewriter, experi-
¦ eiicmi, with knowledge of mercantile business;
reply In full with references; etate salary ex-
pected. Box 2209, Call office.
YOUNO girl to assist in light housework. Call
1014A Washington st. •
IMPROVERS on skirts wanted. FRANCES"
796 Sutter st. .
TAILORESS on coats, Monday morning. 628
Montgomery St., room 27, top floor. -
SELECT millinery school; pupils taken; trade
taught thoroughly: satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy. 1107 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— Girl to assist In ™*M\r<t beds;
wages $10. S36 Third St.
WANTED— Experienced talloress or good hand
finisher; steady work. 433 Geary st
VISIT the McDowell Dressmaking and Milli-
nery School and ba convinced that It Is the
best school on the coast; leading - system;
thorough, practical course: ae wing-room open
to all; reception day, Friday. 1-5 p. m.; pri-
vate class; patterns cut. 1019 Market at.
A LADY of Indomitable energy possessed of
self -assertion; good opportunity to right party
F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott building.
REQUIRED— Services of refined woman over
26; atate references and former occupation, If
any. Permanent, box 4425, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS sklrtmakers and apprentices
wanted. BOWHAY. 516 Butter at.
EXPERIENCED dress skirt operators for
house work. M. KRAKER, 226 Bush Bt
WANTED— A neat girl to take care of child;
wages $7 to $10. 1808 O'Farrell st.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work; wages $20. Apply at 1025 Devlsadero st
WANTED— Women and girls to woraj on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
¦ Apply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO., Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth sts., off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sta.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss ft Co.'s factory
32tf Fremont St.; no experience necessary-
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS. ,
WIDOW lady ¦ wishes young girl to- assist In
housework: German or Irish preferred. JOzi
Clement st.. Richmond District.
NEAT girl to wait at table In small restaurant
at lunch time. 340 Sutter st
TAILORESS. fine pants finisher, at 5Vi Kearny
Bt.. , room 18. . m * - ' - ~ t . .
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry Six-
teenth st. near Valencia. •
HELP WANTED— FEMAIjEJ.
EXPERIENCED operators on allk waists. |10
week. LIVINGSTON MFQ. CO.. 226 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing, machines on . shirts at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL A MICHEL8. 631 Mission st.
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery. E3S
Clay «t. . ¦ •
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSD7D2D advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
aubscriptions baa been established at 109« Va-
lancla st.
IIE^ P ' WANTED— -MALE.
A-MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 8848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
........WANT AT 7 A. M. MONDAY
FREE... WE.. .SHIP .. EVERYBODY. .FREE
To All Parts of California. Utah, Nevada.
NUMBER. WANTED AT WAGES.
154— Nevada. Truckee. Lake View.. .$41 and fd
IS— Los Angeles. Santa Barbara $2 day
24— Redding. Shasta, Fresno *1 90 day
IIS— Surf, «oda Springs, Salt Lake *2 day
64— Dixon, Elmlra and Bakersfield...« 70 day
163— For nineteen different divisions $2 day
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
MURRAY & READY.
834-636 Clay st.
A-CARPENTERS * IRON MOLDERS
7 carpenters, different ranches and vineyards;
bridge and railroad carpenters, free fare;
steel bridge men. *3 60 day. free fare; 150 la-
borers and teamsters, all parts of country
and city *1 75 to $2 25 day
10 miners *60 and $.a
Laborers for the mines $34 and found
20 scraoer teamsters *40 and found
Stablemen Buggy washers Hostlers
Drillers Brick setters Wheelers
Laborers, city factories $175 day
Vegetable gardener Tanner
Boatmen \ Deckhands Beef luggers
GRAPE PICKERS— FARMS AND DAIRIES
100 men and boys to pick fruit and grapes,
work in packing houses $30 and found
10 ranch teamsters $26 to $32 50 and found
.Milkers, butter makers, etc
$30 and $35 and found
Farm and orchard hands Choreboys, etc
Stenographer and typewriter
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St
A— BUTCHER FOR INSTITUTION
Also butchers for different country shops,
slaughter houses, etc
43 cooks for the mines, hotels, restaurants,
etc; also night and short order cooks, wages
$49 to $60 and found; dishwashers and kitchen
help Storekeeper
Walters, city and country Ranch cooks
Washers and laundry help
......MURRAY & READY. 634-6S6 Clay St.
A— SUPERINTENDENT for a large orchard
and vineyard; must be a thorough horticul-
turist and vlticulturist. Call 4 p. m. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-63S Clay st.
A— FOREMAN for a large stock ranch; cattle,
hosrs and sheep: must be able to buy. sell
and feed to advantage. Call 4 p. m. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — Qood men for Industrial Insurance
In San Jose; new and attractive contract; $12
weekly and commissions guaranteed. Call or
address J. BUTTS. Supt, room 65, Porter
building, San Jose.
WANTED — 7 men of good address, must be very
convincing talkers, to sell new specialty line;
$5000 a year; liberal expenses; must furnish
good references. J. C. F. HARRINGTON.
Iowa City. Iowa.
GOVERNMENT positions — Don't prepare for
postofflce or other civil service examinaUon
without seeing- catalogue of Information; free.
COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE COL-
LEGE,. Washington. D. C.
YOUNG man for traveling position; duties light
and easily learned; Inclose self-addressed,
Btamped envelope. Box 3303. Call office.
EXPERIENCED man to handle the sale of
stock. Box m4. Call office.
SALESMEN earn $3000 a year; liberal salary
to begin with; first-class references required.
Box 170. Minneapolis, Minn.
YOUTH In gents' furnishing goods store; must
make himself generally useful. Apply Mon-
day morning at 635 Valencia st.
WANTED— First-class architectural draughts-'
man. Gladding. McBean & Co.. 1353 Market.
HORSESHOER and general blacksmith wanted.
64 Rlchland ave.. near Mission at
EXPERIENCED canvasser for Journal; liberal
terms. Address box 3331. Call office.
SOLICITORS wanted. 206 Bansome St., room
80.
STEADY, good-paying position for young man
with a little capital; experience unnecessary.
Box S3S7. Call office.
WANTED— Teamster for delivery wagon. Ap-
ply Alabama and Montcalm sis.
FIRST-CLASS ladteV tailors wanted. Apply
to-day from S to I FRANCES. 796 Sutter St.
WANTED— A cook for restaurant. Call at 10
a, m., 60S Seventh at
WANTED— Two salesmen to solicit In the coun-
try; references required. Box 3400. Call.
WANTED— Boys to learn trunk making; apply
this morning, between 10 and 12. E. L. FI-
FIELD & CO.. 63 Stevenson st
MAN and wife: small place; $40.- Apply MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter mt.
GOOD boy; light 'work; 8 hours dally; fair
wages. Box 2207. Call office.
WANTED — ICO men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
STRONG boy to learn cutting on muslin under-
wear. Apply 7:30 to 8:30 a. m., BAUER
BROS. & CO.. 21 Sansome st. ,' -¦ ¦•> / j
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tallora wantedl FRAN-
CES. 796 Sutter et
A SECOND COOK, with experience on pastry
work. 129 Eddy st.. U. S. Restaurant.
WANTED— To buy a irood barber In a
live mining town; cheap for cash. »20 Thirty-
eighth St.. Oakland.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop for sale; new modern
furniture; Investigate. 703 McAllister at. '.
WE want 10 honest, industrious men to solicit
in city and county; experience not necessary;
we teach you the business; good contracts for
sober men willing to work. White Sewing
Machine Co.. 300 Post St.. cor. Stockton.
TAILORS' coatmakers wanted for the country.
Apply to STEIN, SIMON ft CO., Market
and Second sts.
GOOD boy wanted to learn drug business. Box
4423. Call office.
BOY with slight knowledge of watchmaking :
state age. references and wages. Box 4437
Call office.
RELIABLE young man for grocery store and
take care of horses. B. K. TRUELSEN,
Golden Gate.
WANTED — Good tailors In country. Apply to
OUS. KRAMER. 107H Fifth St.. upstairs.
WANTED— A porter at Oak Barber Shop, 111
Ellis St.; only experienced need apply.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy; able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 25 years; not less than 6 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height-
must be citizens of the United States or per-
eons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of- '
flee. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K st.
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1058 J st.. Fresno, Cal. '
$12 PER week; salary & expenses; men and
women to represent us appointing agents;
rapid promotion and Increase; brilliant lines.
BUTLER & ALGKR. New Haven. Conn.
CAPABLE man to travel ft appoint agents-
$1000 yearly salary: permanent; promotion'
Supt.. Co-opratlve CO.. 136 Dearborn »t7 Chi-
cago. > - . "
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
Ei?lli.^S od opportunity to right man. F
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building?
WANTED— Man. upright character, to manaxe
business of established house: $13 p^r week and
expenses, paid weekly, from headquarterT- ex-
£f n<>e st m £S ey ,, «2 vanc "2: P°» l «°n Permanent;
ref. Standard House. 301 Caxton bldg.. Chgo.
GT. pastel portrait painter from Europe wants
salesman; salary $100 mo. Box U$T Call.
WANTED— Good gardener, single man to work
in nursery. Inquire at 213 HayesrtY
M 5n HAN . IC^?~ Keep awa y from San Francisco'
A p L rVce 8 ' Z yM^slo 8 n n^:. gg&jgg^g
WANTED— A man that understands florist an*
nursery business. BOO Halght St.
rooms;, 25c rer night; $1 to $; p'r'we^k "
HELP WAITED—^f^^^
MEN wanted for the United States Nawy-
Machlnists. first class, age a to 3a. P*' P*t
month *55: machinists, second class, age -i
to 35. pay per month |40: 1^'. .£!!£
class, age n to J5. pay per month 130. J*}P
wrlghts (carpenteraxage 21 to to, pay per
month. $25: seamen, ago 21 to 3*. par P«
month. %2f. ordinary seamen, age 13 to M.
pay per month $13; landsmen, age « to s>.
pay per month li«; apprentices, third class.
age 15 to 17. pay per month »• AU can*"
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from ais-
auallfyins ailments. Machinists must paaa
an examinaUon showing them to ,*>• "**
chlnlsts by trade. Electricians m nat pass *
pracUcal examination in electricity, espec-
ially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examinaUon in seamanship Landsmen ana
apprentices will be required to P* 39 . "°
physical examination only. Ths term of en-
listment Is for four years. Should a man
rn-endist within a period of four months frora
the date of honorable discharge h« will re-
celv"e a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of $1 SS for each
re-enlistment. Rations, medicines and medical
attendance are furnished gratis In addition to
nay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on three-quarters of the- pay
received at date of retirement It Is th« de-
firs of the Navy Department to obtain a
la rare number of able-bodied Americana for
the navy, who will be given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they aru
qualified for the higher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for thtt
navy will make a large Increase In the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large Increase In the number
of petty officers, who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may be ac-
cented will be assigned to a U. S. war ves-
sel: aDprentlces to ths naval training sta-
tion. San Francisco. Cal. Applications shouM
be made at the U. S. Naval RecrulUng Ren-
dezvous, corner of Market and East streets,
San Francisco. Cal.
BOTS wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA-
CIFIC GLASS WORKS, 7th and TownaenJ.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at IZt Four-
teenth st.. near Guerrero.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. B. V.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aniJ
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. __^____
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received st Call brwnch r>fflf». ??<*> Flllmore ot.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
cart", harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Blxth st : auction sales every "Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
19 HEAD of driving and working hor»e» at
TOMKIXSON'S stables. J7 Minna at. be-
tween F*rsv. and Second.
TWO fine standard-bred driving mares for sal*,
cheap: single or double. 823 Polk at. v v
STALLS to let or horses boarded at Wood and
Coal Yard. 1711 Sacramento st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR RENT— In Belmont: modern house, i
rooms, furnished: rent reasonable. Call or
address MRS. OTTO, 299 Hyde at
FULTON, 22S. near Van Ness ava.— • auany
rooms, bath, large yard.
HOUSE with 5 rooms and atable. 608 Ivy ave.,
near Octavla at ___^^^__
HOUSE of 9 rooms and bath, in good order;
fine lccatlon. 1427 Post at.
2913 GREENWICH at., near Buchanan—*
rooms, bath; modern; 12. THE MCCARTHY
CO.. C46 Market at
BOUSE9 WANTED.
MODERN house or cottage, 7 or 8 rooms, bath;
stable: good, steady tenant. 1312 Folsom »t.
LOST ASP FOCTD.
STOLEN— Dapple gray mare, with closely crop-
ped mane: open bridle; buggy, black body and
red running gear: stolen from Larkln-st. wing
City Hall. bet. 10 and 11 a. m., September 23;
liberal reward. CHAS. A. WARREN', 212 9th.
LOST— Certificates Nos. «0. 3S1, 612. OS, 613 and
620 of California Schuetzen Club Park anl
Building Association stock; transfer stopped:
purchasers warned. P. JACOBT, 612 Com-
mercial st. _^___
LOST— Feather boa, between Twenty-first and
Valencia sts. anJ Twenty-fourth at. and
Treat ave. Liberal reward given If return-
ed to 14j Twelfth st.
PET parrot: answers to the name of Dewey:
any Information to Its whereabouts or return
a re..ard; last seen at Brodertck and Sutter
Sept 28. 1510 Baker.
LOST— Red leather pocket-book oontalnlng
memoranda of no value except to owner.
Please return to U. S. Mint. .
LOST — Double-faced pin. Finder please return
to 221S Geary st.; reward.
LOST— A Great Dane; black, white mark on
chest Return 1S28 Ellis st. ; liberal reward.
LOST — From 902 California st.. corner of Pow-
ell. Seotember 28. male collie puppy; yellow,
with white stripe In face. Return to abova
address and receive reward.
MASSAGE.
EMILY SEGSWORTH. assistant to Dr. A. B.
WUlcox. scientific masseuse, room 40. St.
Ann's building: hours. 9 a. m. to 13:30.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, IKS Market— Ladles'
rpeciallsts; S2 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cur*
guaranteed at of Bee; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure;
any one can use It; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement Send stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth;
reliable ladles' specialist; home treatment. $3.
safe and sure cure guaranteed; ladles treated
at office can return home the same day; pri-
vate home before and during confinement;
beat medical care; hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. t
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully: treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. 1G23H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable:
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 13 years' practice In S. K. : maternity
home; low fees. lOOTVi Market st.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs."
practice: home In confinement; treatment at
office. J3; any ailment: consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Lark'.n.
NO TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento st,. corner Kearny.
STRICTLY private and secluded residence,
away from the public gaze, for the treatment
of women: confinement cases taken. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 141S Eighth St.. Alameda,
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles' speclal-
lst: home In confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist: practical physician for S7
years: always successful. 113 Kearny st.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 113 Mason st.
MIXES AND MINING.
FOR aale— Developed coal mines In Washlnjr-
ton. S. W. GIBBS. 615 Call building.
.MISCELLANEOUS FOB SALE.
8 * en * lne9 . 2d-hand machinery^ Ma^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-1&; Fremont it
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
nave a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S2 complete outfits on our floor ready made'
w -?^ can 8Dlp ever yth!ns in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 10W. 1C21. 1CZS Mission st..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A PAIR solitaire diamond sle-ve buttur.s for
110. cost originally J20. at UNCLE HARRIS'.
13 Grant ave.
DOCTOR can buy operating chair and office
furniture cheap. Box 2208. Call office.
FOR sale— One 3 h. p.. one 1 h. p. gas engine,
on account of changing to electric power, a:
half price. A. S.. 733 Market st
WELL-BRED young mare, wagons, harness,
incubators and heater for brooder. Box L>,
Dlmond P. O.
A FINE family cow cheap: richest milk; must
be sold. Box 2082. Call. Oakland.
A HUNDRED thoroughbred young chickens, all
kinds, at great sacrifice: also laying hens.
Addresa box 2031. Call. Oakland.
WHITE sewing machine. 7 drawers almost
new; cheap. 1315 Mission St.. near Flfteent."-
BT. BERNARD doe for aale! Inquire at 1T«
Filbert st.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Cnnso::-
dateU Gold Mlnlns Co.. situated in Nersi*
County. 15 miles north of Auburn- 2 pnt*nteJ
claims; 3-stamp quartz mill; .lltch ami hoist-
Ing works complete. For further particulars
Inquire of A. MEISTER, 9U Ninth St.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
BTEEL TANKS, all sizes; suitable for watmTor
''SyirT < SS* p , : - aU Bh »J>«»: second hand. H. «.
'."WHTTaVm Mission atTHE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 3O, 1900.
37
S/ ._^i^W-ASEOlS-FOR SALE.
f
- '^^__l____«P-^&^^
V4H^Ku€:S^«
SOW. Call err.™, Oakland A <Mress
Hii__^^is|
ilHlllllillll
_____^™r5ffis_?s
___lllgl|£gg|||
___W*C«Wft_S S. ER -
_____^^^^
Ss___saa«
2«t__«__^a5^_?:
MISCELLAXEOls WAVTS.
IF" Ty wish full value for your cast -off elVhins:
cagjonj^ tel. m_k _f
4 *?™* 2*-*>»nd electric motor: 6 ~to
. 10 "• p -: ««• lowest price. Box 3357 Call
y «y_gr?__aLr_,^_^i^»;^
"___. .«- ll y ? be5t rric * fcr e"*hlng. brle-
S>-brar >r .i hooks. 1^ F!xth Kt _ . tfl J<H5B|> , ul
MOXEV TO IX»A>.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms! ~~~~*
Second ilortgates
lRtere*t» in tlstates
...... VndivMed Interests tn Heal E>Yate"!!II
Financial crohlems of all su->ns a-..1 f'mh
yrlved by HERMAN MURPHY, O» Market
ANY amount at 6 rer cent; 1ft. 2d and Sd mor -
ra«cs. unrMvl<Je<l interest, real estate in pro
h«te; monsatM »n4 legacies bought; no de
' a i. ; set £r i \ t . rrTr -* doing business else
when-. R. MoCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, r. 1.
ANY preposition, any amount- 6 per cent- first,
f^coni morvagw. e>tate« in probate, interest
~ ZrlS 1 "*' K5"_5: ""^oration loans, chattel
rnrrt^ap**, lire insurance. Room 16. first floor
Cr.rrr.lcle bulMlrx^ JtAU^A^_^_OLSE\-
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal aivn^ces on diamonds Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S46 Market
«t.; tel Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
*«Mte»? „_?*? * r ' 4 cour ' trv "*1 estate and
! '- >ra: '' J- "P-OwV/tone, "l°Montgomer^I
MnpT reliable place to borrow on diamonds
vvrK-hrs. jewelry. W. J. HEPTHAL. 10 Sixth;
h:rhegi price f l>r o id gr! i d cl | vgr diamonds.
OS furr-iture tnd pianos without removal -quick
wvW: money direct: U.-srest Interest. Rooms
*» ana C3, Donohoe building, 1170 Market ft.
AT i;« Kearny Bt.. room 9. respectable, private
I l=ce to borrcw on watche*. diamonds; lowest
raios; take elevator. Telephone Pavjg 9S5.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
¦ KXfSlJ^ removal; ' n »' rates; confidential.
I BONELLI. Sfl Jones «t.. corner Eddy.
V. liT i..y rer.t? We loan money to build with.
B__l monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
'•QMl'ANY. T2i Fanscme «., room 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture end r'an^» with-
out removal. Ft. Ann's buildinp. 6 Eddy et..
rc^m 72.
-OXET w loan. THE MCCARTHY COMPANY.
646 Market et.
KOKBT to loan on furniture by rrivate party;
tow rare. S:7 Market «... room I.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HIM^. rrn. 44. Merchants" Ex.. 421 California.
ON furniture avd pianos : no removal ; confl-
Ocntial; on <*ian-.on<ls. etc. 33 Taylor St.
TO pal.irtM pecrie without security: all busl-
ners confidential. Tousley Co., _1 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried rx-onle on note without
ir.frirw. MORRKLL. CV9 Kxsminer building.
OX furniture, pianos, mithout removal; no co_-
mipsi^n: private. LICK. IIS McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
<!crE»r £. F, I.nXyunt Agency. 143 Pftelun big.
mural iwruf.MK.vrs.
ALL pTHxhaFcrs cf pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed ;
ttie best makers of every grade to select from:
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. Si per month;
•cm* good pianos for S3, Jl and 15 per month.
tHEIiMAN. CLAY A CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, comer Kearny and Sutter sts..
Pan Francisco; corner Broadway and Thlr-
ieeotft sts.. Oakland.
A NICE piano fcr beginners 173
Or.e a little better £5
<">r.e «ti:i better 100
Fine Hallet A Davis 155
fC'rjpsbury. «!lght!y u«ed 1*0
Eary payment*: Chickerlns;. Vote, r-teTllnK.
'"urtai and other pianos: sheet music and
L .--.-erythine In the music line. EENJ. CUR-
F TAZ * eOii ' ** OTarrell ft.
I ABSOLUTELY the larsest exclusive wholesale
ar.d retail piano houee west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargalna in all standard makes from JI0 to
CM .
Apents for Hallet A Devli, BcctrcTs oldest
t-A rr.oet femou* rlano: also Behr Bros, and 10
other rr-akes Planoe rented: rent allowed If
rurr:haiieo.. HEINE TIANO CO.. 217 Oeary et.
I>ON'T fall to see the beautiful Decker A Son
baby grasds just received at MAUVAIS'. 7O
Market «t- They are the beet ever shown In
the city.
A RELIABLE) piano can be bought only from
a reliable house. Tbe ZENO MAUVAIS MU-
t-:c CO. ts such a house. Their address is
~CS Market rt.
NO matter what you want In tbe line of mu-
sical goods, you ran always do best at MAU-
V A IS'. 7CT Market St. •
> BPOLUTELT the largest exclusive wholesale
and r»?_l rlano house weet of Chicago; bar-
pairs In ell standard makes from J50 to »2S5.
Agent* for Hallett A Davis, Boston's oldect
end most famous piano: also Behr Bros.' and
ten other maVea. HETNE PIANO CO.. 217
Oetry st.
BTIANTVNTTW pianola: fierer been out of pack-
!r.«r caee: co«t 1275 <Kohler A Chase), and 1100
worth of music: this beautiful Instrument,
with rruric will be eold at great discount for
<-a*h. MARSHALL BROS.. U Eddy St.. city.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best Jn the world:
maklr.g and repairing of an kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
FOR eaJe — Upright muelc box. with or without
r.lcke; attachment: 34 plates: coft J125; cheap.
11E7 Market Et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
>. BEAUTTPTX rrrlrht cabinet grand, three
r-Mlals: ouit be eold: owner leai-ing town.
Room 21, Flood building.
V'.r) ,^ano rtork: all grades ; cut prices Just
DOW. DEV.'ING CO.. Flood building. _
I A BARGAIN; mart be eold: nice upright piano.
BCH_TZ, 3« McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
.* Br.AUTIFUL~iarTe piano. S pedals; sacrifice;
leaving rlty £24 Oolden Gate ave.
I-E in tbe swim; rent a new piano for $3 t>tr
m<mth. 6COTT-CURTAZ CO.. UP Hayes st.
/T KEEFT"E"8. £23 Market rt., 4 elegant up-
rirhte at your own price.
EOHXKB & CO.. Byron Mauxy. Gabler, Spell-
irnn an* other pianos. 308 Post st.
6: o H> OGER <•* Sacramento St., agent for
Francis i^j. con tnd Hallett A Davis planoe.
SUPERIOR violins* etthers, old and new. H.
ICCUUEIt, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
RtLUVtmOi* eale: new Pjanos: *5 payments;
rrr r«Tt. ft up. HKI'ENN. V* Po»t st.
inr.H-onAtjE.pisriof: Fi*^ ""J^ m *?; £ on .*
. ov-r A others. W. B. ALLEM CO.. 814 Post.
KUUCHTEB •»!• of ujrirht piano* for "U3T-
see: tr.O up. Wilson'* Storage. 1710 Market Bt.
o r hi ce *~aWd stokes to »^jT»
<;r»vnns— Store cor. H»ye» and GouKh. ror-
rr.frly occupied by duff Bros., now by _fl itager
Hr&»., for rent from October 1; $65. ASHTON
* OAlWINEn. 411 Montgomery st.
:.AniK store: flrture* In: 4 rooms; in gcod re-
tail district. NE. rorner Clement and Third
ave. ; £utro cars pats door.
; m mi-i elegant store and tenement: MJ Valen-
cia rt.. nesr 21st; business center; suitable
for any businewt. ¦
J|ro ie«»»— Store: 3il27:«S. Gl Montgomery eU
'-¦EFKIIOOM. with use of law library; Parrott
rruilglrx. **«* 22W. Call of He*.
DCSIXEU corner; Union rt., cor. Morss. bft.
I^trkin and Hyde; to be fitted to suit tenant.
1 C% *- j:..'A «»^r* mr%A *vw>m« *?1 Ninth et. :
I PAL3USTRY.
I %a r j^o l r°« i t lE >_P?^ :LIJ ' "«»entlnc palmUtTMS
**>lor B i. bet. Oary and Pott, tel. Black 56L
M hour»^o : " OAARD J h *" rem « ) ved to 700 Post;
_nour» 1 to S eve., and Sunday by appointment.
PARTXER8 WAMED.
P fr?S N^» £L nt *f wllh ab^WOoTnot fa'r
fre« i5?! f Yan l 5 1 *«>: to engage In raising
l_n'u?r! gl ? B har "' P°"ltry and such, hav-
bua Billiard Hall, Mason and Market sts.
PERSONAL.,.
6 fr A^?^V e »^^"*e^ywi"or"hear''aTTOce^
iwJ^i % J. n tnr ** d "y 8 - FISHER DICK.
pox 44.6, Call offlce.
n Sf^i!;P la t J% «n<W<endently wealthy, sweet
Cirposition. home-lover, will devote life kind
Chica o' >lncere '" ~1 North Park ave..
GE^U L ? MAN of means, like to meet lady of
good character with means; from 25 to 40; ob-
ject. matrimony. Box _11. Call offlce.
A J}?Ju.?! Klrl bab y for adoption. MRS. DR.
FINKE. 1416 Eighth st,, Alameda.
GRAY hair restored; walnut stain gives to
rray. raded or bleached hair, eyebrows,
laphes. beard, uniform color: light, dark
r>rown or black; Instantaneous; beautiful;
<lo*s not rub off. 2fk> pint; French IMrlique
curls Etralghtest hslr. 25c «-oz. bottle: also
sure wrinkle remover. giving skin firm,
smooth apfearance. 2Sc bottle; send stamp for
particular*. MRS. FARNLEY. Campbells
station. Santa Cruz Co.. Cal.
LEDERER, the popular halrdre^er. employs
only artistic artiste*— result. artistic hair-
dressing always; price 25c; fine switches
_ cheap. 123 Stockton.
DR. LASSWELL. mental silence healer and
teaoher: meetings every day except Sunday,
from 12 to 1 o'clock: free to all; classes
formed monthly. 14 McAllister St., room 17.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Hair Tonic Is very
beneficial to the hair; try it: 85c bottle.
PENT free— An elegantly Illustrated bo..k. ex-
plaining secrets that enable you to develop
personal magnetism, gain wealth by influenc-
ing everybody: this work lays bare myster-
ies of hypnotism & magnetic healing * shows
how to banish dlsea**s A bad haMts: nothing
like it; success guaranteed in a few days. Art-
dress American College of Sciences, Dept.
18. 416-420 Walnut Et.. Philadelphia. Pa.
THE Star Hair Remedy ne%-er falls to restore
gray and faded hair to natural color, cure
aandruff. Itching scalp and ecrema, stop fall-
Ing, grow new hair; sold by hairdressers and
orugRlstg: esk for it: take no other. The Star
Remedy Company. San Francisco.
MRS. MARIE FISHER'S preparations give
charm to the complexion, not obtained by use
of other remedies; try them. 19 Powell st.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo cleanses the
scalp perfectly; nothing like it: 6c package.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bov-ht. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
AMATEUR photographers— Save 50 per cent by
having your work done at Rembrandt Studio.
850 Market st. cor. Stockton: kodaks. 3V4x3H.
only JSc: no charge for blank negatives; pro-
festlonal advice free; lessons given, 60c each.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
earpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 70S Fifth. Oakland.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 18S7; reltable and con-
fidentlal; Ilgts. 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis sL
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.. ~~
HOPKE BROS.
. Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated: honest work guaranteed:
price* defy competition: fine upholstery: phone
tSC«: Tactcry. 31S and 320 Eleventh St.; first-
class cleaning and dyeing. 128 O'Farrell st..
pear Powell. San Francisco.
L'LECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
tSc to tl hO oer night: $1 £0 to $6 per w«ek;
free 'bus and b*ggage to and from the ferry.
FOTS to order nn installments: $15 upward;
tl a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
PILES — 300 permanent cures In San Francisco.
who can be seen: no operation: no pain: par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950, Call.
MME. ADA. the wonderful gifted healer, re-
moved to 1104 Market St.. offices 3 and 4.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 257 Jessie st
EV'ITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. 164t Mkt.. under p St. Nicholas Hotel.
HAIR quickly curled cr waved by using Tal-
cott's curling Jluld; 25c a bottle: druggists.
WANTED — Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
war*: curios, all descriptions. E25 Dupont St.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1, at all druggists.
CAPT-OFF clothing, old rold and silver bought;
senfl r"«*tal. rOIJ.MA.VS. 606 Kearny rt.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O 7 DONNELL— Offlce and residence.
1C21H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
HKAL ESTATE: CITY — FOR 8 ALB.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO..
62S MARKET ST.
$300 CASH
MISSION COTTAGE
S rooms and bath and stable, on Chat-
tanoosa st.. near Twenty-second; Mls-
slon-st. cars pass; bitumen street; large
lot. 25x117:6 back to rear street; rented
$17 per month.
FOB. TOUR RENT MONET.
$S0O— Two beautiful modern Mission flats of
3 and 4 rooms and porcelain bath, etc.;
the rent you receive pays for them.
INVESTMENTS.
$10,600— Rents $1092; 3 modern flats of 7, 8. 8
rooms and bath; lot 25:11x120 feet to
rear street.
$3,710 — 4 Cats of 5 and t rooms; lot 23x80 feet;
rents $42 50 per month.
$3.000— Two substantial well built modern
flats of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6
feet: Greenwich st., near Buchanan.
$2, 600— Two fiats of 5 and 4 rooms and rear
bouse 4 rooms; rents $26 per month;
near Ninth and Folsom sts.
$2,250— SNAP— BARGAIN —REDUCED FROM
$3500 — Store and modern 6-room flat;
modern and up to date; Geary-st. cars
pass.
___
RESIDENCES.
17 600— Clay St., near Central ave.. elegant
modern residence, 12 rooms and bath.
$7 000— Steiner St.. near Fulton; modern resi-
dence. 9 rooms and bath and laundry.
${ 000— Elegant modern residence, » rooms and
bath; Fulton st.. near Lyon.
$6 000— Cole st., near Waller; new modern res-
idence, s rooms and bath.
$6.000— Scott St.. near Sutter; modern resi-
dence. 8 rooms and bath.
?5 son— Elegant modern residence, I rooms and
bath, and finished basement: sunny slds
etree't: new and up to date.
$4,260— Webster St.. near Fulton; house 10
rooms and bath.
E |^t^^Pt R m1net° US1B
X500 C»*h. balance as rent; price reduced
from $4000 to $3500: modern house, 11
rooms and porcelain bath; large lot,
25:11x114 feet: northeast corner.
EASTON. ELDRIDGB k. CO..
t3S Market st.
FOR BAS^aWkB & BKELTON.
823 Montgomery St.,
114 000— Comer Turk and Buchanan sts.; house;
" 1 a rrA>m»: well built home, or can bo
made flats aJid pay big; large lot.
$10 COO-Corner lot: Hyde and Francisco; secure
#w>wv j; lew O f bay; Improving location: 137 x
137; will subdivide.
iSJWO— Pine *t.. near Van Ness ave.: old
Vt>utldtng»: rent nominal; 25x120: this Is
- a barcaln. M _
12.000-Corner lot. Montgomery ave. and Tay-
14 lor m.: very cheap; If Improved will
117 000— Business property: Fillmore rt.. near
** '^California; rents $1430 per annum; never
vacant: double the Interest you get In
savings banks.
HAWKS A SKELTOX. 32» Montgomery st.
A-DAVID STEKN ft EONS. Real Estate
i» n u 11 Montgomery st.
McAllister st.. near Laguna, and through
to ivy ave.; t frontages; good Improvements:
"icoW^-Rents $60; choice business eornsr In
northeast corner Bush and
La*un7- can be easily remodeled Into stors
«nd flats- a grand Investment. _
u2S0-Rents $45; Broderick.- near Fulton; 3
flatsTt * « i rooms and bath; HxlQO; must be
gold.' ; ;
bo^In easy term, and be tadepend-
eI Kive-roon> and bath; latest design: on Hoff-
m" ave^ Heyman Tract; H block from elec-
tr1 A C l.r4-room and beth cottage. JAMBS COT-
TER 1- ««t on the tract doB HEyMAN>
HI Butter st. owner and builder.
.of for .... and car. to
n At * bargain: 15 level lots In Colma. JA-
™A HBVMANV U7 Sutter st.
"a itivp new cottage of « rooms and high fln-
A «ihM basTment; all modern Improvements
vSS -loC with driveway: cheap; raiaJ.
a a r£un't ca.h. balance like rent; see owneron
j^^j^EJSTATJB— CITY--P'On
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
Rents $600 per annum; only $1500 cash required;
balance can remsln to suit buyer on mort-
gage in Hlbernla Bank; 2 flats of 7 and
6 rooms and bath each; stable on rear
' street: 25x120; 2 fronlages; Hayes st.
i $1*00— Fine 2-story baeement and attic residence
j of 9 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x127:6 feet.
JC250 — Rente $720 per annum; Post st. and rear
street; 2 flats and house; 25:10x120. .
$6000— Rents $720 per annum; O'Farrell eL and
rear street; 3 flats and stable.
$S5C0— A bargain; Post-st. residence; substantial
2-story bay-window house of 9 rooms, etc.
t54C0 — Rents $660 per annum; near Fourth) and
Folsom sts.; 6 substantial flats; must be
sold to close the estate; price has been
greatly reduced; no reasonable offer will
be refused; 41:3x69.
J.TSO — Rent* *74l per annum; price greatly re-
j duced to clone the estate; near Sixth and
Harrison sts.j 4 fiats and lot 50x80; this
, is a bargain and no reasonable offer will
1 be refused.
$3700 — Rente $432 per annum; near Sixth and
Bryant Bts. ; 3 flats of 4 rooms each and
stable; 25xSS:6.
I3C00— Rents $3&2 per annum; Jones st; 2 flats
of 7 and 5 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation, etc.
I2S00 — Very cozy cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
near Thirteenth and Sanchez sts.; easy
terms.
• $1900— Very cheap home; 2-story bay-window
residence of 6 rooms and bath; brick
i foundation: warm belt of the Miscion.
; tlCW) — Rents 1144 per annum: near Pacific and
Mason sts.; 2 flats and lot.
$1200-Rents $96 per annum; cozy cottage of 4
rooms and lot; very cheap and will be
sold on easy terms; Mission warm belt;
Only t3000 cash required— Rents $540 per an-
num above water; mortgage of $3500 can
remain; a splendid home In the Western
Addition: substantial, modern 2-story
house of » rooms and bath, etc.; Pacific
i Heights; S2:6x]27:8}4; must be seen to be
; appreciated; good opportunity.
JSOQO— Rents $2S8 per annum; business corner
near Twenty-third and Valencia sts.;
store and flat; 29x76 feet.
• New Pocket Map of San Francisco County. 25c.
I Choice list of building lots In all parts of the
I city at prices to suit.
! Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
i ords," which contains a list of properties for
i eale In every part of the city.
j G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
i G. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
; 14 Montgomery Street.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
i AUCTION
: AUCTION
At our Salesroom MONDAY, October 8, 1900,
! at 12 o'clock Noon.
i REFEREES' SALE.
I The following piece of property, by order of
j Kenry P. L'mbsfn and Jacob Brownstone. ref-
• erees. Subject to confirmation by the court:
« 23S Sixth tt. and €9-71-73 Harriet st ; impruve-
j n.'ents consist of store, lodging-house of 18
I rooms and 3 tenements; rents $161 per month;
• lot 25x135; double frontage. .
i EXECUTOR'S SALE.
{ SS61 Twentieth st., southeast corner Lexington
i avenue, between Mission and Valencia sis. ;
1 bay-window residence of S rooms and bath;
lot 24:6x85. Subject to confirmation by the
court.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
1920-1920^4 Buchanan st., east line, near Pine;
i t flats of 4 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
j $30 per month; lot 22:6x82:6. Subject to con-
' firmation by the court.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
; Fourteenth St., south line, between Church
i and Sanchez; choice building lot; Improve-
i mc-nts thereon consist of a stable renting for $8
( per month; lot 25x125. Subject to confirmation
I by the court.
: CHOICE PINE-STREET FLATS.
2039-2041 Pine st, south line, near Buchanan;
2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$30 per month: lot 25x137:6.
WAREHOUSE SITE.
Eighth st., northeast line, between Bryant
and Brannan; this large, desirable lot suitable
for either warehouse or stable purposes; lot
65:9x275.
PINE-STREET INVESTMENT.
655 Pine St., south line, near Stockton; Im-
provements consist of a frame residence: lot
24:4H*137:6 to rear street.
1 RAILROAD-AVE. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1024-1026 Railroad ave.. between Twelfth and
Thirteenth sts. ; improvements consist of store
with 5 rooms and flat above of 7 rooms; lot 26x
93, irregular.
I MISSION RESIDENCE LOTS.
. Eighteenth, Noe and Hartford sts.: 21 choice
I building lots to be offered on very easy terms;
I they are splendidly located In the warm belt
of the Mission and only half a block from the
Junction of Market and Cartro sts.
CASTRO-STREET BUILDING LOT.
Castro et., east line, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth; choice building lot 25x100.
For further particulars apply at our offlce.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
62«. Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1SS8.
Stevenson st.. near Third, close to center of
City; good building; only $5200; 30x70.
• Post St.. near Jones; great future; lot 28:Jx
i 137:6; sold to close an estate.
$17,000— Fulton St.. between Polk at- and Van
Ness ave; lot 50x120 to Ash ave.
$6500— Capp St.. near Twenty-third; rents $65;
flats all rented;. 37:6x122:6.
California St., adjoining corner Polk; lot 60x
87:6; must be sold to close an estate.
$50C0— Baker St., near Sacramento; 8 rooms
! and bath; In perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$2300— Bryant St.. near Seventh; I cottages;
rents $20; lot ZOxEO.
Two flats, always rented; Sixteenth et., near
i Market; rents t28: reduced from $4000 to make
i quick sale; cost $3200 to build.
$3600— Ell rabeth St., near Castro; store and
flats; rents $30; let 25x114.
$4250— Octavia st., near Haight; an elegant
lot for modern flats; 37:6x100.
Offer wanted for an elegant modern cottage
home; 6 rooms and bath; lot 24x100; Potrero
ave., near 22d st.
I $2450 — Cottage and lot; 23d st.. near Diamond;
t 4 rooms and bath; modern conveniences; 25:10x
«*: .
$2100— Clement St., near 32d ave.; store and
flat; i rooms, used as saloon and boarding-
bouse; 24x100.
$9000— Mlsslon-st. property: partly lmproreJ:
large lot; 64xlS3:6; street work all done; the
future of the property Is the very best; must
be cold.
$3250— Pleasant home In the Mission; near 18th
and Valencia sts.; i rooms and bath; must sell.
MADISON A BURKE.
626 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
___________
207 Montgomery St.
$11,600— N. W. corner Hayes and Webster sts..
26x100; store and 2 flats; rents $1020 per
annum.
$6,000—3 modern flats, 4, 6, 5 rooms and bath;
rents $672 per annum; near Post and
Jones sts.
$5,250 — Modern flats, 4 and 6 rooms and bath,
and house 7 rooms and bath; rents $672
per annum; 67x30: near Eighteenth and
Guerrero sts.: $1000 cash; bal. to suit.
(3,500— Downtown Investment, near Third and
Bryant sts.; store and 6 flats; rente $552
per annum.
$2,500— Modern flats, 6 rooms and bath each;
rents $2SS per annum; near Nineteenth
and Valencia sts.
$3,000— Modern house, 8 rooms and bath, 30x
115, to rear street; near Eighteenth and
Guerrero sts. .
13,000—4 flats, 4 rooms each; rents $432 per an-
num: near Folsom and Sixth Bt».
$3,700 — Modern house, 10 rooms and bath, near
Talencla and Twenty-first Bts.; $1000
' cash, balance to suit.
$1,600— Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; near
Twenty-ninth and Mission sts. ; $500
cash, balance to suit.
CHEAP LOTS.
tl.eOO— Union ct., near Franklin; 27:6xl(».\
It.vxv- First and Point Lobos ave*. ; 50x126.
$1,100— Church st., near Eighteenth: 27x88.
<¦ jsso— Twenty-eight St., near Guerrero: 26x100.
$2,500—12 lots, near Mission st. and Cortland
ave.: 500-foot frontage.
tSOO— Fifth ave., near California: 23x120.
I47S — Sanchez et.. near Eighteenth; 25x100.
S. H. SMITH A CO.,
207 ¦ Montgomery st.
WE can get you a guaranteed rental netting 1
per cent p»r month on an Improved new r lace
at Santa Fe, the new town at terminus of
Santa Fe Railroad, adjoining the terminal
lands of the railroad company: and It will in-
crease in value. McEWEN BROS., US Mont-
gomery st.
118 000; PAYS near 9 per cent; Turk St., near
Larkln; large lot, 60 feet front, with Improve-
ments: good advancing investment. ROBT.
J. MERCER A SON. 412 Pine st.
$16 000— GOOD; Valencia St.; fine for flats.
$20 000— Business cor.; 7th St.; near Postofflce.
$S0OO to $10,000—5 heavy Income properties.
*1500— Nine lots near County Jail. , ,- ; »
Many others in all parts of city.
FOWLER A CO., 1413 Call building.
J10 000 WORTH $12,000
Furnished house of » rooms and bath, large
basement: lot 82:3x105; 2421 Fillmore st., west
side* suitable arrangements can be made as
to payments: house may be Inspected by call -
IngT^ Address box 2208, Call offlce. /
ItOO EACH; 2 LOTS 25x100.
On eunny side of the street; level and ready
• to bclld on; Spring Valley water: only Vi
block from Mission st.' and r car V?e; easy
terms. For further particulars i §1 ?ss box
4409, Call offlce.
• A OEM for only $2800— New modern house of 6
I rooms anl bath; grand view of park and
I ocean; easy terms: 'i cash, balance monthly.
¦ See owner on premises, 1524 Tenth ave., near
I V st.. Sunset district.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOft SAliB.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
$8,500— Rents $87 per month; corner In the Mis-
sion; all rented; lot 25x112:6 to an alley.
$1,000 cash, balance on mortgage; rents $33
per mo.; store and Hats; Clara st.
$21,000— Rents $2100 per year; corner on Ellis,
near Van Ness; new improvements.
$2,100-Rents $32 per month; a rare bargain;
pays big interest; large lot; splendid
Improvements; near Jackson and Mason.
t5, 000— Owner anxious to sell; 2-story resi-
dence; 9 rooms and bath; large lot, 32:6x
115 to an alley; near Capp and Twenty-
flfth sts. :
$14. RO0— Rents $12fiO a year; well Improved busi-
ness corner; near Sutter and Fillmore
rts. ; large lot 55x100; stores and resi-
dences.
- t5,0O0— Near the corner of Fourth and Minna
sts.; lot 25x70; 3-story building of 3 flats;
rents $4S0 per year; right in the heart
of town. . .
t3,750— Rents t36 per month: corner on Dolores
St.; well improved with 2 new flats of
5 and 6 rooms and bath each; always
rented; lot 25xS9.
$4 f 2OO— Rent? $32 per month: Buchanan St..
nnar Haight: 2-story house of 8 rooms
and bath; street bltuminized; cement
sidewalk; a decided bargain for a home
seeker.
$3.500— Your own. terms; new cottage. Just
completed: 3215 Laguna st., corner lot
near Lombard; 5 rooms, bath, reception
hall, etc.
$5,250— Fourth st.; retail business property-
store and flat; rents $50 per month; pays
estate; this is a bargain.
$19,000— Rents* J160 per month; always rented;
same tenants for years; large corner;
well improved with stores and flats;
McAllister St., not far from Van Ness
ave,
$8,600— Rents $S5 per month: price reduced to
make quick sale; 2 houses and rear cot-
tage on McAllister et., close to Laguna.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
Superior building lots on very easy payments;
on line of the H-st. electric cars and frontlhg
Golden Gate Park and the new 19th-ave.. boule-
vard; only a minute's walk from Strawberry
Hill t-nd Park Attractions.
Macadamized Streets on Official Grades.
— Plank Sidewalks, Gas and Water Service!!! —
Moderate Prices— The Choicest Locality.
Rare Chance for Investment Seekers
and Home Builders.
Your Own Terms — Interest Only 6 Per Cent.
Money advanced for building purposes: the
costliest and handsomest modern houses in
Sunset District are now being occupied and
constructed on the new 19th-ave. boulevard.
Call at once at our branch offlce (open week
days, Sundays and holidays), corner of H Bt.
and 9th ave.. south of Oolden Gate Park, and
ask to be shown these beautiful lots. Full parr
tlculars and price lists also at our offlce.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$17,000— A FINE business property on best part
of principal crosstown business street;
pays good interest; steady tenants.
$12,000— Four new modern flats, near park;
rented for $112 50 monthly.
FLATS.
$11,000— Three beautiful flats of 7 rooms each,
near Fillmore and Hayes sts.; rents
tlO2 50 monthly; wide lot.
ts,250— Two new flats of 7 and 8 rooms; neari
park and panhandle; rents $"2 60
monthly; wide lot.
$5,t00— Three new flats, near Twenty-second
and Valencia sts.: rents $32 50 monthly.
$5,0<X> — Two splendid flats of 5 and 6 rooms; in
best part of Mission, near Twenty-first
and Valencia Bts. ; always rented at $45
monthly.
$3,500— Two fine flats of 3 and 4 rooms; near
Twenty-fourth and Sanchez sts.: rents
$35 monthly: this is very cheap; $500
cash, balance monthly.
RESIDENCES.
$11,000— Two residences on Washington st.; lot
50x137:6; rents $S0 monthly; offer wanted.
$7,000— Residence of 0 rooms; Ellis St., near
Laguna; lot 25x120 to small street; this
is a splendid buy.
$5,500— Residence of 7 rooms; Webster St., near
California.
LOTS.
Pacific Heights; corner lot: beautiful marine
view and full view of entire city; lot 45
feet front; more frontage can be had If
desired: an offer wanted; must be sold.
$60 per front foot— Any size lot; Clay St.. near
Maple.
$2,000— Lot 30xl27:S; Clay st. near Cherry.
$2,000— Lot 40x100; near Washington and Cherry
sts. .
$1.750— Lot 27x127; Washington St., near First-
ave. boulevard.
$650— I>ct 25X100; California . St.. near Third
1 $750 Each; 2 lots, 27:6x114; north side Twen-
ty-fifth st., near Castro.
$1,000— Lot 25x100; Hampshire St., near Tw«nty-
t second; street bituminlzed.
Send for list Mission cottages, flats and lots.
McAFEE DROTHER3. 108 Montgomery st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property, etc.
624 MARKET ST.
$900— Lot 25x120 feet, on Fifth ave.. near
Clement st. , ,
$15OO-Centrally located flats, producing $19
per month in rents.
$2000— Building lot. 50x114 feet, near Church
St.; Mission warm belt.
$2760— Roadhouse and residence property on
MlssioK'u.; paying good Interest.
j2S00_Beautlful 60-foot building lot; near
Frederick St.
$2800— Substantial flats newly renovated, 6
and 7 rooms; rents $26; south of Market St.; on
good street.
$3500— Northeast corner on Sacramento St.,
Presidio Heights: choice building lot, 37:6x100;
stone sidewalk and street bitumlnlzed.
$6000— Very choice Presidio Heights building
lot, 77:6x127; unsurpassed marine view.
t«500— Three modern and new Western Addi-
tion flats; annual rents $700.
$11,500— Splendid Pacific Heights residence;
elegant decorations; fine marine view.
$20,000— Downtown, Turk-st. corner; 108-foot
front; good 3-story building, stores and flats;
rents $2136 annually, which oan easily be in-
creased.
$14,000— Golden Qate-ave. business property,
near Van Ness; stores and two flats; house
on rear street.
$46.000— O'Farrell-Bt. building, close to Mar-
ket; 3 stories.
Further particulars of
BOVEE. TOY A SONNTAG.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER,
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
(Our New Offlce.)
Prices of Everything Have Risen.
Real Estate Values Are Sure to Follow.
Buy a Lot Now at Our Low Prices.
ONLY 1700-CORNERS $1000— THINK OF IT!
Graded Richmond lots on Sixth and Seventh
aves., near Point Lobos, on Installments; only
a few more to sell; secure one quick.
BEAUTIFUL SUNSET LOTS-
ALL BARGAINS.
$500 to $800— Lots graded, streets macadam-
ized: superb view; protected from winds; no
drifting sand: opposite new music stand;
splendid car service; only $10 monthly.
$75, $100, $150 to $350— Nlneteenth-ave. lots
and to the Ocean boulevard; one-third less
their value; $5 monthly.
$100 to $250— Level lots, close to Mission and
Eah Mateo electric car lines; $5 monthly. •
Branch offlce. Ninth ave. and H st., Sunset;
cpen every day and Sunday.
. Call for Maps and Diagrams.
BOL GETZ A BROTHER,
(New Offlce) Room 64, Chronicle building.
O. D. BALDWIN A SON,
22 Montgomery St.
$2600 each— Level lots, on Van Ness ave., be-
tween Lombard and Chestnut sts. ; bitumlnlzed.
$1000 — Lovely northwest corner lot. Lake et.
and Thirteenth ave. ; 40x72; fronting on park.
$10.500— Turk st., near Jones; 23x137:6, and
good reslder.ee.
$16,000— Geary st., near Jones; 3-story build-
ing; rents $106.
$12,000— Eddy St.. near Hyde; 26x87:8; new
flat a; rents $70.
$12,000— Corner, opposite Postofflce, on
Seventh st.; rents $S0.
I450O— Two flats on Post st. : large lot, room
to build two more flats; rents $36.
$7000— Two handsome flats on Golden Gate
ave., sunny side, near Devlsadero; pays 9 per
cent. "
$3500— SACRIFICE; lot 28:9x80 feet on Perry st",
between Third and Fourth, together with Im-
provements, consisting of a 2-story, double
house with brick foundation, new plumbing;
always rented for $3S per: month. Apply R,
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3. i
$10,500— MUST be sold immediately to close an
¦ estate; 6 flats in Western Addition: choice
neighborhood; corner lot 37:6x82 feet; rents
for -SM- per month:, can be Increased ,- to $120
by a small expenditure; this Is the best buy
In the. city; mortgage of $5700 at "6 per cent
can remain. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
• gomery st.. room 3. . . • :' - ,¦
$5000— LARGE Improved corner In Mlxslsn;
pays 8 per cent over and above all expenses
and taxes. ASHTON & GARDINER, "411
Montgomery st
REAL ! ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE, j
BUSINESS PROPERTY AT A BARGAIN.
J500 cash, balance $50 monthly— Fine two-story
building in business section of Castro St.; store
and nice flat above; 6 rooms and bath; total'
rent -t44 per month; price 44000. ....•''"
i $300 CASH, BALANCE $30 MONTHLY.
$1650— Cumberland St.. near Church; 3 houses;
rents $19 per month; size lot 60x114; a fore-
closure sale. . '
A FINE CORNER SACRIFICED.
$2500-^Bank mortgage $2000; corner Jones and
Broadway; size lot 47x60; foundation la Id al-
ready for building.
a grand Speculation.
$12,600—100 lots located at the Potrero; close
to all the large manufactories.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$13,000— Rents tloIO per annum: handsome up-
to-date flats, close to town; located In a swell
part of Western Addition: up-to-date in al!
respects; marble steps: latest sanitary plumb-
ing; they command a magnificent marine view.
HANDSOME NEW HOME.
$3000— $1000 cash,. balance ran remain in mort-
gage, 6 per cent: contains 7 large rooms, bath
and finished basement; Ninth ave., near K St.;
only two blocks from Goiilen Gate Park; Hue
marine view.
NEW HOME AT THE MISSION.
. $2?50— $400 ensh. balance $25 monthly; Alva-
rado St.. near Noe and Twenty-second; con-
tains 5 large sunny room*, porcelain bath, etc.;
everything up-to-date: take Castro-st. cars to
Alvarado st., walk one block east.
A MISSION INVESTMENT.
t4o(W — Rent $44; Army st., near Guerrero: two
flats; also cottage; size lot 70x76; always rented.
A CHEAP HOME.
$2000— Cost $3000; Clipper St.. near Noe; con-
tains. 5 large rooms and bath; size lot 25x114.
24TH ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$5600— Rent $48; handr,ome modern building:
contains store and 3 rooms In rear; flat above
containing 8 rooms and bath; also stable in
rear; pile lot 23x114; a fine piece of property
in a growing district.
$400 CASH. BALANCE $15 MONTHLY.
$3100— Handsome home on Castro st., near
Twenty-third; contains 7. large rooms, bath and
all conveniences; elze lot 25x105-
CAPP ST. HOME.
$3500— Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; a large
part of the furniture, including carpets, are
included.
A DEVISADERO ST. HOME.
$6000— Two-story bay-window house, contain-
ing 8 rooms and l>nth; an offer wanted.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$50,000 — Warehouse In vicinity of Fourth and
Townsend fcts. ; 99x240 feet; two frontages.
$13,000— Corner Green and Powell sts.; 70x7u;
three-story building; rents $132.
$12,500— Union St., near Taylor: three modern
flats and rear house; 25:9xl2S:9; rents $37.
$8000 — Ellis St., near Octavia: 25x120; house of
8 rooms and bath.
$7250— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 25x
100; house of 12 rooms.
$6000— Vallejo St.. near Mason: 4S:l%xl37:S,
with an L: two flats and rear house; rents $61.
$6i».>0 — Folsom St., near Kighth; 25x90; two
flats; rents $46.
$6250— California St., near Baker; 25:3x82:6;
thre« flats; rents $42 50.
$5000 — Green St., near Dupont; 2S:«xS0; three
bay-window flats; rents $55.
tiCOO— Rents $75 per month; corner two main
streets, In northern part of city.
$4000— Kearny St., near Union; 20xS0 to rear
street; two houses; rents $3S 25.
$4250— Webster St.. near Filbert; 25x100; 6-room
cottase.
$3500— Greenwich St., near Mason; 46x60; two-
6tory house of 8 rooms and bath.
$2700— Central ave., nr. Hayes; 25x100; store
and 4 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
$8000— Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth: 68x93.
$7500— Valencia St., near Twenty-sixth; 60x90.
Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts.; will
subdivide; 58x100. .
$4000— Church St., near Twenty-sixth; 100x100.
$3000— Fulton, near Fillmore; 32:6x137:6.
$3000— Laguna St., near Page; 25x100.
$2750 each— Post st., near Devlsadero; 2 lots.
$2000— Waller M., near Stanyan: 25x100.
$1750 — Corner Castro and Alvarado: 26:6x105.
$1500 — Sutter st., near Lyon; 35:3x100.
GEORGE M.- WILLCOX.
Real Estate and Financial Agent.
Attends Personally to the Purchase or Sale or
General Management of Real Estate, In-
cluding the Collection and Remit-
tance of Rents.
828 MONTGOMERY STREET. .
$30,000— Clay St.; $2400 annual rental guaranteed
for five years: will increase In value;
96x137:6. . . j
$25,000— Grant ave. corner; cost $38,000; 20tc60. _-.--,i
$18,000— A mAgnlflcent home in Oakland; worth
$25,000.
$17,000— Howard st.: building cost $13,000; annual
rental $1500; 25xS0: bid wanted.
$12,000 — Near: Kearny . St.; Improved business
¦ ... property; pays 12 per cent net; 45x70. •
$13,000— Stelner st. corner, near Duboce Park;
worth $20,000 In five years; 48x81.
$12,000— Rincon Hill; two fine 11-room houses;'
reduced rent $75; 50x85: bid wanted.,* :;
$?.000— Larkln st. flats, nearSutter: 22x34.. ..
$7.500— Mason st.: corner flats; 34x68.
$7,500 — Presidio Heights; elegant new 19-room
house; must be sold; 2Sxl3S.
$5,500— Near Clay and Larkln sts. ; three dwell-
ings; never empty; annual rental $540.
$5,500— Howard Bt., near Seventh: 25x90.
$4,500 — Nineteenth Bt.: 6-room cottage in perfect
condition; 50x100; bid wanted.
$2,600— Fifteenth ave.. • South; 9-room house; ;
cost $6000; 75x100.
11,850— Fifteenth st. lot, bet. Church and Mar-
ket; 25x106.
tl, 500— Sacramento St. lots; 25x100.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX.
32S Montgomery st.
A SNAP— FINE HOME.
$250 cash, balance $10 monthly; price $1400;
nice cottage on Cassell ave., not far from
Eighteenth and Castro sts.; 4 rooms and base-
ment; good well and windmill. LYOX &
HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
WHY WAIT?
Don't you know that time has a way of fly-
Ing? Before you know it you will have paid
enough rent to buy three homes. Start In now.
Let us sell you a new 4, 5 or 6 room cottage
In one of the best parts of the city, close to
the cars. Every lot level and Rtreet work done.
You can pay us monthly with your rent money.
OSCgR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
FOUR level lots, 23x120 each, for $500; near
Mission St.; $5 monthly buys all four.
. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
ONLY $5 a month buys a fine 4-room and bath
cottage and 2 lots near Fruitvale: It Is a
bargain. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post »t.
ONLY two left— $150 each; $5 monthly: level
building lot, near Crescent ave. and Mission
st. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
|3 MONTHLY! $5 MONTHLY!
$150 and upward: fine building lots; 1 block
from Twenty-second-st. cars; lots 25x114 each.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$10 A MONTH! ..$10 A MONTH!
New S-room cottage and S level lots, 75x100;
half a block from San Mateo electric . cars.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
LOT 25x120, with handsome 5-room house; Rlch-
mond; strictly up to date. Box 3776, Call. .
$2250— HALF Us cost; 6-room cottage: almost
new; Alameda. M. Lane. Notary, 20 Montgm.
$1600— PRICE reduced; choice lot on Mission St.;
street bitumlnlzed; must be sold. McEWEN
BROS., 118 Montgomery.
FOR sale— Cottage, 5 rooms, bath, pantry and
all modern Improvements. Apply at 685 San
Jose ave.. near Twenty-ninth st.
FOR BALE— tl600 cottage: 4 rooms; lot 30x70.
4 Church lane, near Sixteenth st.
MODERN houses bullt;lowest prtces;plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; new; C rooms, bath: lot 60x
100; $3000: terms to suit buyer. 413 Kearny st.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
¦ Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$1600— North line Carl it., near Stanyan; tSx
137:6 feet. : .
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.'
MURPHY. 630 Market: 2d mortgages: estate..
HEAL ESTATE— -COUNTRY — For Sale
ATTENTION^ HOMESEEKERS.
We desire to call the attention of intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains In In-
come producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush, having
had forty years' knowledge and experience of
the value of lands and being . the owner of an
Income-producing orchard and vineyard, can in*
telllgently direct Intending buyers to the best
lands and best bargains In the State. Call or
write for what you want.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 14 Post St.
WE have a $40,000 fruit, grain, stock and red-
wood ranch for sale or trade; Improvements
fine; good orchards.
$35,000 — A rich man's Ideal fruit farm, near
San Jose; costly- Improvements; sale or trade.
FOWLER & CO.. 1413 Call building.
CHOICE redwood timber lands on Navarro and
Big rivers,- Meniocino County, on line of sur-
veyed- railroad, In lots to suit, 160 to 5000 or
more acres; $5 to $7 50 acre; rare Investment.
v For particulars address P. ROTHERMifiL,
'507 California st. , :j- ».-.•'
830 ACRES? near Mt.-.Shasta; 2V4 miles from Sls-
Bons: house;; 1 barns; apple orchard r 200 level,
andmieadow: water rights ; yellow and sugar
' pines; well' fenced; $4000: terms; grand scen-
ery: photos. SALSBURY, 459. Ninth St.." Oak.
land. - ~ 'V •'"•"-' - ; ''<,--'¦¦ - •- .v " ', ...
FOR SALE OR RENT— Fine fruit, grain and
stock ' ranch. 200 acres, near bay. Address
H. ; D., box 33S8, Call office.
nEAL, ESTATE — COU.XTRY— For Sale
MARIN Co.. 16 miles from S. F.— t4O to $80 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
_, 4 proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
'fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. »th floor. Mills bids.. 8. F.
FOR sale— 33 acres bearing orchard, under Ir-
rigation; situated in flourishing colony In
Sacramento Valley; price $200 per acre. Mc-
AFEE BROS.. 10S Montgomery St.. S. F.
5 ACRES at Menlo Park, small house, barn,
chicken houses; 15 large oak trees; at a sac-
rifice to Immediate purchaser. W. L. HAR-
FER. 3H Hearst building.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
3000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all ether agent* In this city.
X. D. SICKLES, the land agent. 6 Geary »t.
FOlt sale— About 3 acres of land, near Colma,
San Mateo County. 445 Valencia St.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CITY property and farms sold or exchanged;
lists free. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r.l.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEUA REAL ESTATE.
4 LARGE rooms; high basement; lot 50x135;
ecod well water; 20 good fruit trees; 2 blocks
from station; price tllOO; terms to suit: take
Berkeley train, get off at Lorln station.
OELLERICH & PERKINS.
5-ROOM, bay-window cottage; brick founda-
tion: mantel; all modern: lot 37:6x100; 5 blocks
' from station: near schools, churches and
stores anJ electric cars: price S1000: terms to
suit.. OELLERICH & PERKINS.
NEW; 4 large rooms; bay-window cottage: all
modern; large pantry; good well, tank and
frame: largre chicken- yard: lot 50x100: high
basement: 2 blocks from station; near 2 elec-
tric car lines, stores, school, churches, etc.;
price $1700: terms to suit: take Berkeley train,
get off at Lorln station. OELLERICH &
PERKINS:
FOR sale at a sacrifice, elegant siodera cot-
tage of 5 large rooms and bath: fine mantel.
marble washstanrl, reception hall, gas fix-
tures, etc.: high basement: corner lot. SSxl23;
street work and cement sidewalk; all com-
plete. For particulars apply on premises to
owner, 1925 Park St., Alameda. Cal. ; no agents.
t3500 — ELEGANT new house of 8 rooms; choice
location; 50-foot lot. J. H. YOUNG, Owner
and Builder, 1243 Park St.; terms.
BARGAINS in Improved and unimproved Ala-
meda real estate In all parts of Alameda on
easy terms. Alameda Land Company. 1310
Park rt.. Alameda: JO Post et.. San Frsnctsc"..
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD DOARD.
WANTED — Gentleman end wife to board:
pleasant home; near Park-st. station. 2214
Alameda ave.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
t!50 — CHANCE for a poor man; cottage of I
good rooms and space for more; nice lot, 25
xl20; on improved street; close to cars and
station; good neighborhood; $100 cash and
easy monthly payments. H. D. IRWIN.
$200 CASH and easy monthly payments takes
this strictly up to date bungalow cottage; 5
splendid rooms; halls, bath, pantry, etc.;
latest plumbing; tinted walls and fine finish:
lot 43x120; on car line and near station. H.
D. IRWIN. Lorln station.
$400— FINE three-room cottage In good order;
rood well and pump; few fruit trees; all
fenced; 3 blocks to cars: $50 cash, balance $10
per month. W. C. MORAN.
$2j00— 8-ROOM house; corner lot; 45x100; S blocks
to cars; will sell on easy terms or will trad-*
for a ranch worth $1600; balance mortgage
payable tl2 50 per month. W. C. MORAN..
$4500 — ONLY 2 blocks from main entrance of
university grounds; thoroughly well built
house of 18 rooms; large lot: street work all
done: Just suitable for boarding house. Ap-
ply to MASON & McLENATHEN. adjoining
P. O., Berkeley.
ALL PROPERTIES OFFERED ARE BAR-
GAINS.
tWV— Lot university ave.. East Berkeley.
$1000— Lot 50x1.:'?: Htllegass Tract; snap.
' ¦ tllOO— Lot 60x133; Telegraph ave.; corner.
1 $2100— New house, S rooms; near local.
Will buy lot. build house, your own plans, on
Installments. - . .
H. B. PINNEY. opp. local station. Berkeley.
S-ROOM cottage: lot 25x120 feet; street work
all done; only 3 blocks from station; prlca
$SCO; terms to suit. Take Berkeley train, get
off at Lorln and Inquire for RUDOLPH. PER-
KINS A LTON.
._ %
S-room cottar": high basement: lot 45x100
feet: only 2 blocks from the station; price
$750: tlOO cash and $10 per month. Take
Berkeley train, get off at Lorin and inquire
for RUDOLPH, PERKINS A LYON.
"H'EGGS Is h'eggs," and there Is always a de-
mand for them; don't you want to raise
chickens? We have a lot Just suitable for
that, fronting on three streets; 120x270. and
only tlSM; the opportunity of a lifetime. Ap-
ply to MASON A McLENATHEN, adjoining
P. O.. Berkeley.
$30— HANDSOME furnished corner cottage. 7
rooms, stable, near cars. C. HENDERSEN,
304 Montgomery st.
ALT A PUNTA TRACT-San Pablo ave.. 2
miles north of Berkeley: $150 to $250 per acre;
lots $60 to $150 each: $5 a month: call for
= maps. G. W. HAIQHT. 401 California St.. S.F.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALB REAL ESTATE).
FOR SALE BY H. A. PLKITNKH,
$S50— Cozy cottage of 3 large rtoms and bath,
hall, front and back porch, basement, etc;
only three blocks from local train; easy terms
If desired.
t9C0 — New cottage of 3 large rooms, high base-
ment, good brick foundation, chicken-house,
etc.; lot 75x100; all fenced; $100 cash, balance
' same as rent.
$1050 — New house of 4 rooms and bath, base-
ment, fruit trees: lot 50x180: splendid location.
$1100— Cottage of 4 rooms and hall, good well,
windmill and tank; lot £0x130; all fenced; three
blocks from local trains.
tllOO— Sacrifice; modern cottage of S rooms
and bath, basement, etc.; lot 50x146; one block
from electric cars; must be sold; an opportunity
worth Investigating; $100 cash, balance tame
as rent.
tl25O — Bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms
and bath, pantry, two clothes closets, hall,
fine mantel, stationary tubs. 7-foot basement:
connected with main 'sewer; lot 50x110; all
fenced; tlOO cash, balance same as rent; only
three blocks from Fruitvale station. :
tlftOO — Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath,
front porch, 7-foot basement, good well, fruit
trees, chicken-houses; lot 100x125; all fenced;
one block from electric cars.
$1600 — Modern two-story house of ( rooms and
bath, fine mantel; corner lot; near station;
must sell at once.
il650— Chicken ranch of one acre; choice fruit
trees, house of 3 rooms and basement, barn.
12 chicken-houses, 2 Incubators, brooder-house,
chickens, etc.
Chicken ranch of t acres. 3 acres In bearing
fruit trees, house of 6 rooms and bath, barn;
for rent at 312 50 per month: stock and Imple-
ments for sale, consisting of -100 chickens, one
'Incubator, one large brooder- house, 43 chicken-
coops and houses, horse, harness and wagon;
all for $375. For particulars apply to .
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
FOR rent— Cottage. Fruitvale; lot 125x122 feet;
well; windmill: $10 per month. SALSBURY,
459 Ninth at.. Oakland.
500 LOTS In pretty Elmhurst. 50x150; will build
to ault: terms easy. SALSBURY, 459 Ninth
,•; st.,- Oakland. •
$750 BUYS 135x150 in Elmhurst: graded street;
city water: grocery on corner; nice homes
on every side; terms to suit. SALSBURY.
459 Ninth St., Oakland.
C. LEITZ. 852 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
A lovely home for a poultry raiser; 2 acre*
fine land with new cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; hot and cold water: front hall and back
porch; high basement; large barn; poultry
houses; all fenced: windmill and tank; for
absolutely a bargain figure.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
0FF1CE-T1118 BROADWAY.
REAL JESTATB.^^
$950-^LODGING-HOUSE, 35 rooms; doing
splendid business and central location; call
and examine. ALDEN CO.. 1113 Broadway.
t5250 — ELEGANT residence and grounds. C3x
110; 9 rooms, etc.: reduced from S7500; central
, ALDEN CO.. 1113 Broadway.
$750— COTTAGE; 4 rooms, bath anii lot: 1
, block • to cars. East Oakland. ALDEN CO..
1118 Broadway.
$1500— m» ACRES good land: good house, barn,
etc., and a bargain. ALDEN CO., 1113 Broad-
way. _____
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES
CAPITALISTS, attention— A buildlnsr s!t9 you
mijrht seek for ages and never find its equal;
corner Sixteenth ave. and Nineteenth ft..
opposite Independence Park, Kast Oaklar.J;
lot 150x140; from its apex, easy of access, tna
surrounding hills, valleys and waters form
on<» grand panorama ; mu*t be seen to be ap-
preciated; the ri^ht party desiring to hui.ii,
inducements will be Offered. 455 Seventh St.,
Oakland. H. Z. JONES.
Land Owner.
$*00 CASH $7 50 monthly- 3-rmm cottage; ne^
barn: chi'eken-house: shed; nrw well W water:
3 lanre lots: picket fence; ai«sort>»<l fruit ir'' p *
and shrubbery: near electric- car lines. mon«l
nchoclhouse. Town Tlall. JO-'oot boulevard:
situate In Fruitvale. adjoining East Oaklan-.;
price in all $775. Call or s?nd for cir'-'ilar.
455 Seventh st.. Oakland; carriage free. H. /•.
JONES. Owner.
|25 CASH. $5 monthly: unfinished cottage cf 2
rocms; equal to 5 lots lAxZlt: .«oll Al; site an.i
climate the very best in Fruitvale: aJjolniri?
East Oakland: no fogs nor raw winis: spiers-
did for chickens; price tn all. «-"25 till pal>j:
see this at once. 4So Seventh »t.. Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
$3;n<V-COST J4M0.
Fine large modern EastlaX* cotthih- -w
rooms, trath. high basement and every moden»
convenience; cost J3200 to build; lot 40x100 feet.
with open lawn, in the very best location, ne.ir
Adeline-street station; rents for JCO, worth !2j:
title perfect: forced sal* on account of, ilebu:
terms or discount for spot cash.
GEO. VT. ATJSTIX A CO..
Exclusive Agenti.
1908- Broadway. Oakland
AN ESTATE. KJ*^'
JSSOO-^Flno centrally located corner; g«o3 im-
provements: producing 1700 per annum: ban'*
appraisement $14,000; mortgage $6000 can re-
main; location will demonstrate to you it has
an assured future.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
M
A SACRIFICE— $S5C0.
15 ACRES. r » ACRES.
In Fruitvale; worth J13.000; subdivided into
lots all around it; fine garden land: Increase In
value assured; owner called to Mexico: mujt
sell; offer wanted.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
SIX fine small chicken ranches; must be soM.
See E. E. BUNCE. 9S2 Broadway, for Al bar-
gains.
U HOUSES and cottages for sale, acquired by
bank mortgage that I am authorized to sel!:
easy terms: some same as rent: send or call
for what you want.
Ranches for sale from 10 acres to 50,000 acres.
Thirty-page catalogue of homes.
Removed to 983 Broadway. Oakland.
JUCO— 6-ROOM modern cottage and lot 40x1 IS;
nicely situated on high ground, near Ple<l-
momt. Address BELDEN Jfc COOK. "Wash-
ington and Fourteenth sts.
$2100— $100 CASH. $25 per month; modern 2-
story house of 8 rooms; Just finished; com-
plete In every detail: finely situated on corner
lot: cars pass the door. BELDEN * COOK.
Washington and Fourteenth sts.
$2400— NEW cottage of S rooms; up-to-date
throughout: centrally located on northeast
corner; In excellent neighborhood. BELPF.X
A COOK, Washington and Fourteenth sts.
$240O-$lCO CASH, $25 per month: new I-story
dwelling of 8 rooms: porcelain bath, tiled sin*
and fine mantel: located on large lot ln'excei-
lent neighborhood: close to local trains and
car lines. BELDEN A COOK, Washington
and Fourteenth st3.
FURNISHED or unfurnished: house of 8 rocms:
modern improvements; basement under whole
house; cement floor: lathed and plastered
overhead; lot lWVxlSO; high ground; fruit,
flowers and shrubbery; see owner for a bar-
gain: will eell on Installments If reaulre<l:
owner going East. Address box J029, Call
office, Oakland.
$750—6 ACRES fine land with cottage of 5
rooms, barn and poultry buildings; also for
$SCO. TV* acres, with house of 2 lanre rooms,
poultry houses (5 acres In orchard). Apply
C. LEITZ. 352 Broadway. Oakland.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house of 8 larg>
rooms and bath; sanitary plumbing; lot Vt
100; central location. Apply 539 l*>th St.. OaltM
OAKLANU HOUSES TO LET.
FOR list modern furnished and unfur. dwellings
apply Laymance Real Estate Co.. 460-4*2 8th.
GOOD nouses. Get list from GEO. W. AU3-
TIN A CO.. IOCS Bra dway. Oakland.
OAKLAND F«I'5ITCRE FOR 8AI.B.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the.
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR nOl'SEKCBPnO.
ASH ave.. 89 — 2 furnished sunny front rooms for
light housekeeping; also single room.
BARTLETT. 413 — Large sunny rooms to let for
housekeeping; furnished or unfurnished.
CLAY. 1421. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; upper flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
EDDY. 207— Nicely furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping; gas, bath; quiet house.
EDDY. 804—1 nicely furnished sunny front
rooms complete for housekeeping.
ELLIS. CIS— I or 3 sunny furnished rooms; gas;
stove; closets and bath; complete; reasonable.
FELL. Ill— Large »unny room nicely furnished;
kitchen and bathroom attached.
FEI dj, 168— Nice sunny front room, light house-
keeping, for lady with a chiWL
FIFTH. S33 — Three furnished connecting rooms.
S14; also single. $1 and $5 per month,
FOLSOM. 625— Lane sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; tl 73 week.
HARRISON, (63—2 furnished, housekeeping
rooms, with gas range; light and sunny.
HYDE, 1348 — 3 sunny unfurnished rooms, con-
necting; marine view; reasonable; parlor Boor.
IVY ave.. 217. near Franklin— 1 very pleasant
rooms; stove; sink; no children; tf.
JUNIPER, 2. oft Folsom. bet. Tenth anj Elev-
enth — 2 or 3 unfurnished sunny housekeeping
rooms; bath; $5 50 per month. I
KBARNY, 1708—2 or 3 furnished rooms; house-
keeping; private family; marine view; garden.
LARKIN, 1004. near Post— Newly turn, sunny
rooms; light hskpg; large room*; $3 month.
MARKET, opp. Fifth— Large room and kitchen
furnished; folding bed; gas; $10. 343 Kearny.
MARKET. 1S24— Neat sunny room; folding bed;
large closet; $3.
MCALLISTER. 1«TT— 3 rooms furnished: kitchen,
bed and sitting; bath; all conveniences;
sunny; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 23— Sunny furnished front rooms for
housekeeping and single rooms; 73c and tl
per week.
MINNA. 322—2 or 3 housekeeping rooms, fur-
nlahed complete; also sunny double rooms.
MISSION. 1119— Small sunny rooms newly fur-
nished for housekeeping or otherwise; slngla
or «n suite.
OAK. 113— Sunny single rooms furnished for
housekeeping. t3 BO. t3 and JT each.
O'FARRELL. 129A— Nicely furnished front
sunny room; privilege light housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 329— Newly furnished largo anj
sunny room; very desirable; gentlemen pre-
ferred; housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 742— Suite of 3 rooms. $18; par-
lors. t22: rear suite, til: bath and phone.
O'FARRELL. 1303— Front parlor suite, nicety
furnished; not and cold water; 2 closets an I
gas range; rent reasonable.
POLK. 1S43 — One newly furnished large front
room; running water; rent tlO.
SHIPLEY. 2S1— Complete sunny hous«keeplns
rooms; double or single; rent reasonable.
STJTTER. 12C6H* near Polk— Sunny front room
and bedroom: use of kitchen and dining-room;
piano; telephone: rent reasonable; adults
only ; ring top bell.
TAYLOR. 703— One or two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping If desired.
TWO nicely furnished nvims for housekeeping,
with use of kitchen. Apply 1302 Leavenworth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 220O Fillmore st.
A~BRANCH office for Call advertisements an.l
subscriptions has been established at V' ;
Valencia st.
for Additional Classified Advert_>
xnents See Pagt 38.Morninf— Services. Evening— Same.
Morning— Preaching. Evening— Prayer.
A. M. E. . Zlon, 805 Stockton street— Rev.
T. Brown. ' - •
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary and
Franklin streets— Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
Trinity. Bush and Gough streets— Rev.
. Frederick v W.~Clampett.
First Presbyterian, corner Van Ness avenue
and Sacramento streets — Rev. R. Macken
' -2le. ¦ -«•¦¦¦; -- ' ¦ - ¦ . .. . ¦; ¦
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Geary and
Powell streets— Rev. John HemphlU.
Memorial Presbyterian. Eighteenth avenue
South and Latona street— Rev. H. N.
Bevler.
Westminster Presbyterian, Pace and Web
ster streets— Rev. E. H. Avery.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street.
Stewart Memorial. Guerrero street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. XV. E. Dugan.
First English Lutheran. Geary street, near
Gough— Rev. E. Nelander. ,
Sltnpton Memorial M. E.. corner Hayes and
Buchanan streets — Rev. John Stephens.
Howard Street M. E.. Howard street, be
tween Second and Third— Rev. John A. B.
Wilson, v j '
Central Methodist Episcopal, Mission street,
between Sixth and Seventh— Rev. S. D.
Hutsinplller. ¦; \< >¦-; *
Emmanuel Evaneelical. Twelfth street,
near Market— Rev. W. H. Althouse.
First Christian. Twelfth street, between
Howard and Mission— Rev. F. S. Ford-
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue and Clement street-Rev. Philip
Coombe. , '
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
Mission-Rev. William Rader.
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
son streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Plymouth Congregational. Post street, near
Webster— Rev. E. B. Cherlngton.
St. Mary's, California and Dupont streets—
Faulist Fathers. v.-; ; '
St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street-Jesuit Fathers.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prendergast,
V. G. v
First Baptist. Eddy street, between Jones
and Leavenworth— Rev. E. A. Woods.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
Morning— "Sacrifice." Evening— "One Thing
Lacklns."
Morning — "Man. the Image of God." Even
ing — "Religious Habits."
Morning— Rev. Father Ramm will deliver a
discourse at the 11 o'clock mass. Even
ing—Preaching by Rev. Father Dempsey.
Morning— Rev. Father Butler, S. J., will
deliver the sermon at the 10:30 mass.
Evening— Rev. Father Sardl. S. J.. will
preach.
Morning — Preaching by one of the fathers at
the 11 o'clock mass. Evening— Services
and vespers.
Morning— Preaching by Rev. Francis Mur
phy. Evening — The Young Men's Chris
tian Association work will be presented at
7:43.
Morning— "Seeing God As Ha Is." Even-
Ing— "The High and Lofty pne Whose
Kami Is Holy."
Morning— "Now and afterward or the In
evitable Separation." Evening— "Doe*
Evolution Teach Immortality V
Mornlngr— Evangelistic services by Rev. John
Bennett Anderson of London, England.
Evening— Same.
Morning — "The. Concessions of Love." Even-
Ing— "Crucifled With Christ."
Morning— "The Preservation oi tha Saints."
Evening— "Jesua, the Light of the "World."
Morning— "A Great Man's Second Thought
and His Conversion." Evening— "The Call
of the Worldling and His Conversion to
Christ."
Morning— "The Resources of God for Hu
manity." Evening— "Personal Responal
, blllty."
Morning— "In Christ's Stead." Evening-
Preaching by Rev. Francis Murphy.
Morning— "Communion With God." Even
ing-'^ollloquy.' 1
Morning— "The Sanctlflcation of Christ "
Evening— "The Backboneless Christian-
Homing- Rev. William Martin of Santa.
Rosa will preach. Evening— Same.
Mornlngr— "Waters . That Have Passed
Away." Evening— "Rooted and Grounded
on Love.
Mornins-Preachinr by the pastor. Even
ing.—Same.
Morning-Preaching by tha pastor. Even-
Ing— Rev. XV. K. Gutherle will preach-
M E™enl^-No e 8 e T rv B l C e S °. f T ° Ur Re "* loa -"
Morning-"Chrtst Stands a« an Open Door
for the Moral FHevatlon of the World of
Humanity." Evening— "The Judgment
Day Win Bo the World'a Greatest Day "
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
WATER ON FIRE— S. W.. City. Fire
can always be extinguished by reducing
the temperature of tho combustible mat
ter to a point below that at which a flame
becomes possible or by shutting oft all air
from the flame, as combustion is not pos
sible except with the help of the oxygen
which atmospheric air contains. The ap
plication of water to a burning substance
induces both these conditions opposed to
combustion. The water on coming in con
tact with the burning substance is in
stantly vaporized and that is converted
into steam. This vaporization takes away
the heat of the burning matter until It is
reduced to a point when flame is no
longer possible. At the same time the
volume, of steam formed shuts oft the
surrounding atmosphere from the flre and
hastens the reduction of temperature.
Thus the flre is stifled and cooled until
there is nothing left of it.
NORTHWEST PASSAGE— A. A. T.,
Grimes, Colusa County, Cal. No vessel
has ever passed from the Atlantic to the
Pacific or from the Pacific to the Atlantic
through the Arctic Ocean. In 1S52 Sir
Robert J. LeM. McClure discovered the
northwest passage from the Pacific to
the Atlantic, but he was forced to aban
don his vessel, the Investigator, crossed
over the ice to a point where he met
Lieutenant Pirn of the Resolute, and on
that vessel, which was at Dealy Island,
he returned to England in September, 1854.
CRYOLITE— Subscriber, City. Cryolite
Is a snow-white metal, partially trans
parent, of viterous luster and of brittle
texture. It is so named from Its fusi
bility in the flame of a candle. It U a
compound of sodium, fluorine and alumi
num, and .is used 'for the preparation of
the metal aluminum. It occurs In veins
in gneiss with pyrites and galena, and has
been found in Western Greenland and
Miyask in the Ural. In the United States
it is used in the manufacture of a white
porcelain glass; also in the preparation
of caustic soda.
IVORY KEYS— I., "West Point, Cal.
There are several ways to restore the
color of Ivory keys of an organ that have
become discolored, but the work has to be
done by a professional. An amateur who
would attempt to restore them would
either destroy the ivory or ruin the In
strument. If the keys are celluloid, the
cheapest way to restore them is to have
the old ones removed and new layers of
celluloid put on.
AGE OF TREES — R., Valambrossa, Cal.
It is generally accepted that the age of a
tree may be told by the number of layers
that may be counted en a transverse cut
of the tree. This, however, is not an ab
solute test and is often the source of mis
takes. In some instances by interruption
to growth several layers can be formed in
one year and lead to an erroneous esti
mate.
GROUNDS FOR DIVORCE— J. J., City.
The grounds on which dlvocces are
granted in California are: Adultery, ex
treme cruelty, willful desertion, willful
neglect, habitual intemperance and con
viction for felony. Insanity is not one of
the grounds laid down in the code as a
ground for divorce.
NOTE AND MORTGAGE— W. A. B..
City. If a man borrows money on a piece
of property and gives his note as well as
a mortgage the mortgage does not hold
after the note runs out any more than If
no note had been given. There must be a
renewal.
SPANISH PAPERS— Subscriber, Pla
cerville, and S., Oakland, Cal. There are
two papers printed in the Spanish lan
guape published In San Francisco, name
ly. El Gazetto del Paclflco and Hlspano
Americano. .
TYPE-SETTING- MACHINE— C. F.,
City. To learn to operate any of the type
setting machines now in use the party
desiring to learn should make application
at an office where such are used. •
SHE WAS ACQUITTED— H. M.. Gar
den Valley. Cal. Anna C. George, who
killed the brother-in-law of President Mc-
Kinley, was after trial acquitted on tha
28th of last April.
ANSWERS TO
CORRESPONDENTS
FAVORITES SLOW
AT GRAVESEND
Not One of Them Manages to
Get First Under 'the
Wire.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— It was a char
acteristic getaway day at tne Gravesend
Racetrack to-day. Not a single favorite
waa first to the wire, one after another
going down in startling succession. The
weather was dull and cloudy, but no rain
fell and as a good card waa offered a
biff half-holiday crowd was on hand to
see the curtain rung down on the fall
meeting of the Brooklyn Jockey Club.
The feature of the day was Jockey
Henry's clever work. He rode three win
ners and one place horse, and as it hap
pened in each case for S. O. Ilildreth.
Hls followers reaped a narvest. Two
stakes were decided, the Oriental and
Prospect handicaps. Imp was scratched
from the Oriental and Jack Point was
then made a hot favorite with Gonfalon
.next In demand. Charentus, the outsider
in the betting, upset calculations. Well
handled by Burns he made all the run
ning and won easily from Gonfalon, who
closed fast after dropping out of It on
the far turn and beat Jack Point for th*
place. Beau Gallant won tha Prospect
handicap largely through Henry's riding.
Ho was slow to begin, getting away next
to last, but gradually improved nls posi
tion and at the end won cleverly from
Water Color, who made most of the run
ning. Autolight was third. It was not a
true run race as far as Blues and Dublin,
were concerned. The former was prac
tically left at the post and then finished
fourth and Dublin was crowded out of It
on the far turn when running with tha
leaders. Summary:
About six furlonK»-^-Tolamon ¦won. Jo« Frey
second. Red Path third. Time. 1:10 4-5.
Mile and an eighth— Alslke won. The Amazon
second, Greenock third. Time, 1:53 2-5.
Prospect handicap, about six furlongs— Beau
Gallant -won. Water Color second, Autolight
third. Time, 1:11.
Oriental handicap, mile and a quarter—Char
entus won. Gonfalon second. Jack Point third.
Time. 2:07%.
Five and a half furlongs — Balloon won. Cher
ished second. Queen Carnival third. Time, 1:09.
Mile and a sixteenth— Wooster Boy won. Cy
rano second. Withers third. Time. 1:43 4-5,
Four Horses Fall.
Handicapper a Mud I>ark-
CHICAGO, Sept. 29.— Four horses fell in
a bunch at the eleventh jump in Haw
thorne's steeplechase to-day, seriously In
juring: Jockey Eggerson and slightly
wounding W. J. Johnson. There wera
eight starters in the race and although
It waa over the full course, the field was
closely bunched at the eleventh Jump, when
High Admiral fell. Sallust. Zufallg and
Becky Rolfe all stumbled over him and
the horses and Jockeys were mixed up In
endless confusion. Kg&ersori, who had
the mount on Zufallg axi<? "W. Johnson on
High Admiral lay as if dead. C. Johnson
on Sallust was only slightly Injured and
was able to walk away. Eggerson and
Johnson were carried to the Jockeys"
dressing- room. Johnson soon recovered,
a*nd although badly bruised, had no ser
ious Injuries. Eggerson waa unconscious
for nearly an hour and seemed In great
agony. Physicians said there might bo
Internal injuries, but anticipated no ser
ious results. After the fall Coronatus,
who was leading, had but little trouble
in disposing of his field. Mr. Dunlap beat
Donation five lengths for the place. Mis
fortune befell Iconl in the second race
after he had been backed from 10 to 1
down to 5 at post time. The colt bled
after reaching the quarter pole and had to
be pulled up to a walk. The accident
probably prevented a big killing. "Weather
clear, track heavy- Results
Six furlongs — Goa> Runner won. Hlndoonet
second, Abe Furst third. Time. 1:1SH.
One mile— Handy Man won, Tyr second.
Bowen third. Time. 1:4SH-
Steeplechase, full course — Coronatus won, Mr.
Dunlap second. Donation third.
Six and a half furlongs — Lennep won. Preju
dice second, Charlie O'Brien third. Time,
Mile and an eighth, selling— Ohnet won, Th»
Lady second. Brigade third. Time. 2:01>4.
Mile and a half, selling— Joe Shelby won.
False Lead second, Judge Denny third. Time,
2:49>4.
DETROIT. Sept. 29.— Only one favorite
was first at Windsor on getaway day.
Hancilcapper proved to be as gtxxi in tha
mud as on a fast track. Track slow.
Summaries:
Selling, six furlongs— Acushla won. Deist sec
ond. Joe Martin third. Time. 1:19.
Four and a half furlongs— The Covenanter
won. Kid Hampton second. Henry's Sister
third. Time. :58tf.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Hermencia. won.
Sir Fitzhuich second. Flag of Truce third.
Time. l:59H.
Handicap, six and a half furlongs—Handlcao
pcr won. Amoroso second, Miss Redwood third.
Time. 1:26.
One mile, selllne — Brother Fred won, Eliza
beth .K second. Windward third. Time, 1:43.
Mile and twenty yards, selling— Lizzie Jack
son won. Cavallo second, Lavltesse third.
Time. 1:51%.
Six and a half furlonea — Cormorant won.
Baffled Fecond, Charley Estes third. Time,
1:24.
Cottage of four , rooms and bath and lot on
Twenty-third avenue, near California street ' to
J. Baccus. for $1000; 25x120, east line of Seventh
avenue. 125 feet north of A. street, for ?725;
Arata & Guinasso will build on the
northeast, corner , of Pacific • street and
Ohio place a two-story brick structure.
The cost will \ be $4400. \
Sol. Gets & Bro. report th« following
Bales: : : v.-V.-v
' Mrs. Ella N. Wight will build a two
story frame building on the south line of
Filbert street, east from Hyde, to cost
$3300.
A one-story building will be placed by
J. . F. Yparragulrre & Co. on the south
west corner of, Powell street and Broad
way. The cost will be $3450./,-.;
The mortgages and releases of a week
have been small, with a few exceptions.
Morris Jr. and Nannie A. Meyerfleld and
Frederika F. Schloss mortgaged the
northeast corner of Stanyan and Fell
streets to the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society for $14,500. This is the only
loan of any size recorded. The larger re
leases were: Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society to Joseph Oliver, undivided one
half Interest in the southwest corner of
Hayes. and Octavia streets, $12,500; Hiber
nia Savings and Loan Society. to William
Tracy, southeast corner of McAllister and
Laguna streets, $20,000.
Miss Alice C. Ball has let the contract
to William Linden to build for her a two
story and frame building on the east line
of Spruce street. 127:8% north from Sac
ramento, to ¦ cost $3100.
Ernest and Adalphla L. Wakeman to Joseph
R. Mogan. north line of Haight street, 165 west
from Baker, 65x137:6. $9000; J. Frank Wolters to
Mary C. Braynard, south line of McAllister
street, 131:3 west from Lyon, 25x137:6, $1500;
Fernando and Julia C. Nelson to Felicia A.
Lane, north line of Liberty street, 255 feet east
from Castro, 29x114, $3500; J. Frank Wolters to
Mar}' C Braynard, northeast line of Hampton
place, 9S feet southeast from Folsom. 27x55,
J15C0: California Title and Insurance Company
to Druid Temple, east line of Folsom street,
27:5 northeast from Bryant, 23x85. $4000: John
Sullivan to Daniel K. Sullivan, southwest line
of Dore, 229 feet from Bryant, 23x85. $1000; John
F. nnd Catherine A. Connolly to Mary J. Wood,
east line of Eighth avenue, 1S2:9 1-3 north from
C street, 26x120. $1000; Mary and Fremont Wood
to D. O. Church, east line of Eighth avenue,
156 north from C street, 26x120, " $1000; Mary
Riley to Annie Donnelly, northwest line of
Bemls strpet, 2S5 feet southwest from Addison
street, and the wett line of Chenery street, K0
feet south from Thirteenth avenue, $1500; Lucle
A. Wallace to James F. Leahy, north line* of
Sutter street, 93:3 east from Lyon, 44:3 by 137:6,
$4500: estate of David Stern to the Spring Val
ley Water Company, north line of Seventeenth
street, 27:6 west from Prosper, 27:6x107:6, $2000;
William Abbott to John A. Abbott, northeast
line of Shipley. 100 feet northeast from Sixth.
25x75, $500: Alfred and Sylvia A. Miles-Bennett
to William H. Blake, west line of Gilbert
street, 125 fpet south from Brannan, 25x80. $650;
Crocker Estate Company to Itsuben Simons,
lots 1 to 4 nnd G to 11, subdivision San Miguel
Itancho, $6000; Georgina and Nathan Hyman to
Alexandrine Grozelier. north line of Bush
street, S5 feet Dorth from Octavla, 30x120. $6500;
David and Bertha Abrams to Isaac
and Lotta Relnhertz, east line of O'Far
rell, 127 west from Laguna, 23x120, $12,000;
W. Ford Thomas to Mary J. Donovan, lot on
east line of Bryant street, 46 feet north from
Twenty-sixth, 23x100, $1000; Caro O. Hill to
Stefano Arata, lot on south line of Twenty
seventh street. 1T4 feet west from Church, 2U
1C5, $1500; German Savings and Loan Society
to Bertha Gaiser. lot on west line of Castro
street. 35 feet north from Twenty-first, 25x125.
$3000; Rosctta L. Lee to Minnie Deppe, lot on
west line of Bryant street, 175 feet north from
Seventeenth. 25x100. $1500; Frank W. and Em
ma A. Fuller to William W r ard, lot on south
west corner cf Twenty-eighth avenue v and C
street, 125x120, also lot on east line of Twenty
fourth avenue, 200 feet south from Lake street,
50x120. $4000: Henry A. Whltley to William R.
and Mary H. Myers, lot on west line of First
avenue. 227 feet south from Presidio Reserva
tion line, 25x120, $1500; Bridget Harty to Mary
I. Hart, lot on north line of Pine street. 135
fp«>t west from Broderick, 23x137:6. $2300:
Charles Kurre to FTanclsco Castigllone, lot on
north line of Beach street, 107:6 feet west from
Brodrrick. 30x107:6, $1WO; Eugene M, and M.
IA. Fritz to John A. Stlrlein, lot on east line
of Clayton street, 300 feet south from Freder
ick, 100x101:3, $6590; Laura M. Collins to George
C. Alferltz. lot on southwest corner of Chest
nut and Jones streets, 137:6x36, $7000; William
B. and Annie E. Huff to Daniel Einstein, lot
on north Una of Clay street. 56:3 east from
Lyon. 25x105. $2500: Baker & Hamilton to
George W. Reed, lot on south line of ! Jackson
street. 87:6 west from Locust. 50x127:8, $4000;
Xell Grant to James B. McMurray, lot on west
l!r.« of Harrison street, near Twelfth, 80x27,
$2500.
Margaret Broderick et al. have sold, to
Frances W. Eldridge the property on the
north line of Broadway, 154:6 west of
Baker street, 77:3 by 137:6, for $1S,5OO.
Deeds have been placed on record as fol
lows:
Magee's Real Estate Circular says:
"There Is a difference of from 10 to 25
per cent between what owners ask and
prospective buyers are willing to pay.
This gap will be closed, fully bridged, aft
er the election. The 16 to 1 business has a
very retarding effect upon real estate
sales. If that policy should prevail the
value of a dollar will be a \ fluctuating
quantity, and, when the value of money
is uncertain, everything else is sure to be,
and then money owners begin to hoard
and cease buying. We aro not making
this remark in a political sense at all, but
simply expressing a real estate belief
which the past history of this subject
justifies us in expressing."
Charlotte L. Castle has sold to Annie B.
Voorhies the northeast corner of Fern
avenue and Van Ness avenue for $17,500.
Henrv "Winkelman has deeded to Maria
D. Wiiikelman. as a gift, the lot on the
west line of Shrader street, 27:6 by 100;
also lot on the northwest line of Perry
street, 225 southwest of Third, 25 by 80;
also the lot on the northwest corner of
O'Farrell and Hyde streets, 27:6 by 85;
also lot on the northwest line of Perry
street. 250 southwest .of Third, 25 by 80;
also lot on the north line or O'Farrell
ftreet, 27:6 west of Hyde, 27:6 by S5; also
lot on the southeast corner of Van Ness
and Willow avenues. 27:6 by 109.
Real property on Stevenson, Minna,
Clay, Folsom and Eddy and other lots
have been transferred by. Leah, Samuel C.
and Philip Meyer and Carrie Ackerman to
the C Meyer Estate Company.
Geraidir.e von Pinnczykowski has con
veyed by trust deed to Alexander H.
Loughborough and Alexander Keyes. trus
tees for grantor, and Valerian von Pinnc
zykowski. life estate, to revert to their
children, property on Steuart street,
northwest corner of Washington and Du
pont. two lots on the east line of Mont
gomery street, near Sutter; also lot on
east line of Battery street, near Washing
ton; also lot on north line of Merchant
street, near Battery: also lot on west
line of Stockton street, near O'Farrell.
Crocker estate to R. O. Simons, all of blook
25, Pioche and Robinson Tract, containing about
six acres, for $7600. The land faces on Corbett
road, at the head of Twenty-fourth ""*«*•*¦
largo manufacturing concern will use this land.
Grading: has already begun and machin
ery has been ordered. Lot, with old im
provements, size 60x127:8%. on the south
lino of Jackson street, 80 W," 1 ' 0
Buchanan, for $7000. William Shilling was
the purchaser and Mrs. Dora \V llllams
the seller. Lot on the west side of Mississippi
street. 125 feet south of Eighteenth, *>xlOO, for
$900. A five-room cottage has been started by
the purchaser. Lot on the west line of Minne
sota street. 100 feet north of Twenty-second. 25
xlOO. Price $1300. Three lots, 25x120 each, on
the east side of Tenth avenue. 100 feet north ot
K street, for $2100. Lot on the east line of
Shrader street, 100 feet north of Frederick, ZoX
134:7Vi. Price $1750. Two flats will be started
at once by the purchaser, Mrs. Abble R. Murch
Lot on the northeast corner of Twenty-sixtU
and Bryant streets, 23:4x100. Price $1000. Lot
on the east side of Bryant street, 23:4 feet north
of Twenty-sixth. 23:4x100. Price $750. Lot on
the east side of Bryant street, 46:8 feet norta
of Twenty-sixth, 23:4x100. Price $750. Lot on
the east side of San Bruno avenue, north of
Twentieth street, 25x100. Price $300.
Business in realty is not lively, but
there are some sales of respectable size
being made. Bovee. Toy & Sonntag have
sold the Los Medanos ranch property
at the Robinson home and the 8000 acres
are reported to have brought 5170,000. In
addition to the ranch property, 600 lota
belonging to the same estate were Bold
at various prices. These lots are located
at Antloch and New York Landing.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold the
southeast corner of Ellis and Gough
streets, the lot being 34:3Vixl20, for $14,350.
There are flats on the property Bite. The
same agents have also sold a lot on the
south line of Sutter street, west of Lar
kin, 22:Gx70, with improvements, consist
ing of a two-story building and a store
below, for $9750; also a residence on Cali
fornia street, near Van Ness avenue, for
$17,000, and a lot on the east line of Tre
mont avenue, south from Frederick street,
for $14,350. 2,7.
The property, on the north line of Elli*
street, 137:6 feet east from Gough, 27:6x
137:6, with three flats thereon, has been
sold for $15,500 by A. M. Speck & Co. for
William Wolf. The buyers were B. and
M. Cianciarolo. The flats rent for $145
per month.* A. M. Sp'jck & Co. have also
sold the lot on the south line of Eddy
street, 110 feet west from Franklin, for W.
I. Kipp for $5000. Mr. Way man was con
cerned in the sale. There is also a sale
of Mission-street property, near first, un
der way, in which A. M. Speck & Co. are
the brokers, the price being $40,000.
Lyon & Hoag report the following sales.
TRANS ACTIONS IN REALTY.
82:6x100, northwest corner of B street and
Eighteenth avenue, for $730; 21:8x120. west line
of Twenty-fifth avenue. 171:8 feet south of A
street, fcr $100; four-room cottage and lot on
Cotter street, near- Mission, for $1000; 25x100,
south line of J 6treet. 82:6 feet east of SeTen
teenth avenue, for $400: 25x120, west line of
Ninth avenue, 200 feet north of L. street, for
S675; 100x100, In block B. Getz" addition to Lake-
View, for $500.
Mrs. Sophie Frledlander has sold to
Henry Bradnober her residence on the
south line of Pacific avenue, 138 feet west
from Van Ness, the price being $20,000.
The brokers are Center & Spader. The lot
is 37:6 by 128:6. Center & Spader also
report the following sales:
Northeast corner of Bryant avenue and Sev
enteenth street, 25x100. S7000; northeast corner
of Twenty-second and Capp streets. 32:6x117:6,
with two flats thereon, from Mre. E. E. Harris
to G. B. Cerdane, for $7000; west line of Bryant
avenue, 130 feet north from Seventeenth street,
25x100, for $15Q0, adjoining lot to Henry Pratt;
also on the west line of Capp street, lot 20x
120, with an L In the rear 20x22:6. from Georgs
Center to Mrs. Carris Williams, for $2000.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
3 S Dunlap, Sydner
Miss J S Dunlap, Syd
ney
W M Thompson, Syd
ney
Mrs W M Thompson,
Sydney
J D Moreland, Sydney
.G M Lefflngwell. Chgro
Mrs G M Lefflngwell,
Chicago
N Lefflngwell, Chgo
J S Riley, Chicago
F D Williams. Pa
F Heurtevant, Paris
E A Wallace Clevelnd
L L Torrey, Boston
F Leonard, Nevada
A O Ivers, Nevada
H R Timson, England
Mrs S R Timson. En*
W F Cooper, England
A P Gatnes, Tennessee
Mrs A P Galnes, Tcnn
W B Clarkson. New
Zealand
Miss Clarkson, New
Zealand
G W Clarkson, New
Zealand
E Reynolds, New Zea
land
Z C Barry, Cal
OHM Peck, Cal
P O'Rourke, Cal
Dr Conlan. Cal
G M Powell. Sacto
J B Sommers, Nevada
Mrs J B Sommers. Nev
A S Mayer, N Y
E W Runyon, Cal
K Brown. N J
Mrs K Brown., N J
W E Wheeler/ N T
J E Wheeler, N Y
N P Wheeler, N Y
DA Acer. N Y
Miss L Rogers. Clevld
W G Eells, Phlla
R Serglson. Phila
H Schwabacher, Ky
J Whitaker, Gait
Mrs J Whitoker, Gait
G Whltaker. Gait
3 Wolfskin. Los Ang
Mrs J Wolfskin. L. An
li von Rosenberg, N Y
CP Brastan, N Y
Dr W S Taylor, Cal
H Robinson, N Y
3 A nrent. Sacto
J F Moore, N Y
A L Adams, L Ang
C R McWUllams, N T
II W Newby, Reno
Xirs J M Mann. Cal
Miss A Younir, Cal
J Caffrey, Cal
J H Covode. Cal
F A West, Stockton
F W Rollins, Concord
A L Dowler, Cheo
J IV French, N Y
L Weil, N Y
G E Babcock. Cal
Mrs G E Babcock. Cal
J W Belcher, Boston
J Risk. N Y
C Hlne, Va
C H Renck, NT
F Levlc, Sydney
Mrs F Levlc, Sydney
D W Stevens. Wash
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs Mattee, Malaga
d P Mason. Cal
Hiss L. Feaater. Pa
II Cralc. Vallejo
1. Goodman. Sacto
VV S Tinning. Martinez
R R Veale. Martinez
W B Lobrer. Reno
J J Sullivan. Towle
W H Martln&w.S Rosa
Miss Parsons, S Rosa
Mies A Parsons.S Rosa
C J Smith, Seattle
W A Brownlee. Oaklnd
'3 S Rowan. Crockett
J A Gardiner. R Vista
J5 J Lawton, L Angeles
J3 T Morton. Boston
F E Houghton, Boston
G G Willis & w. Portld
Mrs B Eastman, Chgo
H Allen, w &m, 1'asdn
J H Batcher & w. Eac
T E Curtis, L Angeles
M E McGrath, penyor
Mrs F A Lyon. Sacto
Mx*\V Morrison. Stkn'
IS W Westgate, U Vstaj
J N Hush. Rio VUta
W Qulgs. Ontario
Mrs Plumner. . Boston
B J Fore. Collls
E T Earl. Marln Co
J Greenwald, L Ang
T Gilbert. Berkeley
llrs W A Jewell. Sao
A Nelson. Dawson
T 2. -* eIson . nttsburgr
E M Onion. Salt Lake
J M Ough & w, N Y
G T Hallo way. NT '¦'
D M Brown, NY
Q E Chamberlain. N T
V Shepherd. • Kans
Dr T A Keables & w,
Veterans' Home
O L Sues. Sioux Falls
Mrs O E Smith. Or
Miss E Webster. Or
C R Heath & w, Valljo
N JPfluger, Fresno
FA Tanner, -San Jos«
C Of/. New - York ¦¦
Mrs G H Clark. Sacto
Miss E Neuman, Sacto
W F Price. S Kosa
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 30, 1900.
38
John R* Sommers, 84, Terlngton, Nev., and
Sorhie Suiyvan. 24. city.
The following marriage licenses 'were issued
yesterday:
Giuseppe Aello. 32, 6 Hodges place, and Egi-
dio Schlaffino. 20. 6 Hodges place.
Jacob Peterson, 47. city, and Carrie H. Peter-
sen. 2S, city.
Edward Cunningham. 34. 245 Steuart street.
and I>na I>anc. 32, 333 Jessie street-
Jnmes B. Hannan, 4J, Stockton, and Mary J.
McAllister, 30, Etockton.
Tygus B. Pratt. 84, Crockett, and Fannie
Howard. 25. 23M Mission street.
Ferdinand I. Pearson. S3. 611 Lombard street,
and Julia L. Noisat, 19, 611 Lombard street.
Charles Brown. 31, city, and Myrtle M. Iler-
rlek. 21. city.
Gustav N. Carson. 35. 16 Mason street, and
FVar.ces G. M. Maxfleld. SI. 1238 Howard street.
Daniel H. Blg^s. 41, 616A Shotwell street,
and Ro&e M. Clark. 2S. f25 Hyde street.
Charles O. Ma&unsen, 23. 2211 Taylor street,
and Olire Erlksen. 20, Marshfield. Or.
Henry Kller, 45. city, and Katy Hartman. 44
city.
Charles E. SpraRue, H. Penn Ton, N. Y., and
Nora Sellers. 23. Divide. Pa.
Emll Forsell, i%. 23 Klssllngr street, and Annie
Nelsen, 14, 1S4 Predta avenue.
Joze J. Machado, 28, Redwood City, and
Maria Corela, 19. Fan Gresorio.
Eugrene O. Rlordan. 25. 41S9 Twenty-flfth
rtrwt, and Annie E. Lowney, 23, 716 San Jose
avenue.
Georg-e D. Marshall. 25. city, and Mary C.
-IARBIAGE LICENSES.
RZLLLBOAD TBAVZTh
NOUTIIKK* I-At-IMC COSPaXT.
(PAOirio BtsTBM.)
Train* !•»»«• i.n.l f*r« «•«• *• sunrlv* »•
(Hftln Line, Foot of Uukft Street)
Uati — :. Fboic Ocrogx» !? 1800- ~ <Mnl
•7:00a Benida, Siiisun, Elmlxa. VaoaTflla,
num.* y and Jsscrameuto > . . .... . . « IHa*
•7:00a Shasta ExBress-Daiis. Williams go*
BarUett Spring*). Willows. B«d
Blufl. PorUaud. V,"— " 7|43 »
•7i3* » Martinez, .San Ramon. Vailejo. K»pa>
UatistKgs and Manu Koia ••ilOr
•8:00a Davis. Woodland. Knights Landtag.
Murjnllle. Oroillle ••••— *' I 12*
• XiOOa Atlantic Kxpresa— Ogdnn soil East 'UMilr
•8:O«fc Nile*. Tricy. Lathrop. Stockton *»>43a.
• i,:iu« S»u Jon, JJteriuorr, tttoektou.
lone. Nacrattiento. FUerrrillB,
MuWTllle, Chico. Hal IllulT Mi 1.1 p
•a t 3»A OmkiUlr, Chinese. Honora. Garten... Mi 1.1 p
•»:«O* Haywartls. Nile* sod Way Station*. *1 !»*»*
•U:v« a I/C» Angeles Ejrorem — Martina*.
Tracy, Lattirop, Htoekton, Meroed
Fresno and Los Angeles '• ' ¦• r
•Ditto* ValMn. Martinez ami VV»y Buttons *0r4<1p
•IO:OO* Th« Overland Umltod—Ogden. I>en-
ver. Omaha. Chicago ••*«3*
•IlsOOa Kllrs. Stockton, Sacramento, Man-
dot*. Frrsno, llanfiml, Vlmlla,
# Vorteriille 9 *it3r
•11:00a LlTenaore. Baoger. Goshen Jtmo-
tlon. BakersflelJ. Los Angeles
•|S:O«n IIaywarda.Nil«siuMl Way Stations. i ti«F
fl:<M»r Macramouto Ki?er Mteamera tfliOO*
•3>oor Hazards, NIK-s and V7sy Stations. »3i «3f
MittVP Martiiiex, H»n lUiuoii. Valltjo,
Nap*. C'allKtmca. HauU Itont *ViI3*
••¦•Or Bcnicia. Winters. Saorannoto,
Woodland. Kutgnta limiting.
lfarnTille, Orntltl* *IOl49a
MiSOr Niles. nan Jois aud Stockton *7ilSr
•StOOrTbe 0*1 Limited— Tract, Presao.
Bakcrsfleld. Haagns for £i»nt» Bar-
bara, Los Angeles. •lOxI.t*.
•sto«r Stockton •»•¦*»*.
•3iOttrNflw Orfea&t Express— llaksrsflsld,
(Jantit durbars, Los Anfetes. Dem-
Ing. El Pa»o, Sew Orleaus aud
Baat •T****
•BiOOr Ha/w*r<ln. Nile* and San Jo«« *7«<«f»a
t0:O»r Vallujo M»il»r
•OiOtfrOrisntal Mall-Ofuen. Cfcejenua,
Omaha. Chicago •12tl3p
•«:O«r Oriental Mail— Ogdea, Denrwr.
Omaha. Chicago. **tt*r
•T««©r Kllea, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.... •iaa»»
' *7ittOp Oregon and California Kxpress, Sao-
ranientii, Msriitiile, lUdillng.
I'ortUixl. Tiigot Moilml aud Kaik *ti43a
l*!«.1 r Vallojo. I'ort CcsU and Way Hta-
Moiia t»»'«»P
COAST DIVISION CUrron Oaag.«).
I (Foot of Ala rkutS treat.)
¦Saia* Newark.C»utBr»iiie.ftau Joee.Folton,
Lion. dor Crrek,8an ta Cruz aud Way
BUtiona •mi99w
fSiISp Newark, C«nt«rvIIIi>, 8an Jo«e, New
A1iiu1«d, Keltoii, linnldor Oreok,
Sniiti* Cms and rrfaelpal Way
Btatlonn |l»i.1«»
MiLir Newark. Man Jom, Los Oatos •8ii»»*
al 1 r43p Buntars* Eiiunion, Saa Jos* and
WsyStaUons |7i«0y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrassiR riiicisco— r««t *r turktt sui«i(3U>S)~
•7:10 9:00 11:00*. M. }l:03 *203 IJ.Z3
M:0a 13:03 •B:C3r.i#.
fnaOtlUID— r«t »f Br^dwif.— "8:00 8:00 10:C0*.M.
tUS3 '1:03 t2:03 ' -8:S3 ti:83 •8:33r.n.
COAST DlflMlOn (Uroa.l l.aafi-).
(Third ai d Towntand Sta)
t«ilOA Ocean View, .loath Han Fraociaeo.. f«*i3Or>
*7iOOa Ran .loi>e arul '.Vay Station* (New
Alinadsr Wedtieadajs only) •liSOT
•UiOOa Han Joi«. Tres 1'Imoh, Hants Cms.
•' Pacllto UroT«. 1'aio Kobles. 8an
Luis Olilnpo. Htirf. Lom poo aud
Prlnelpal Way Stations MilAr
•IO:lo» San Jnae and Way Statloua. ••¦:t»»
•I 1:3Oa Han .Ion and War SUtion* •SiSOp
f*il-1r S»n Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, flan .loss,
Tres Plnos. Hanta Crux. Balinaa,
Uontereyand I'urlrte Grove 1KH3A&
fStSttr San Jose and Way Htatlona »7iS»f
f4:13r San Joie and Principal Way Stations *0>43a
t»:in»r San Jos*. Los Oatos and Prindpal
Way Station* tOtOfta
*.1i3Ar fltnJdM aud Prlnelpal Way Stations *N:33«
•H::t»r Sail Jose aud Way stations *«:OO»
alls4.tp San Joe* aud Way .Station* *7:3Op
AforMoniiiig P for Afternoon.
•Dally. t: Sunday ereentad. t Sunday only.
JLSatnrdayjgBjty.
CALIF08NU N0RTaVESTEM£T.~COi
[ LESSE3
SAH FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIR&
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaroa Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAJTAEL.
>'EEK DAYS— 7:20. »:C0. 11:09 a. ta. ; \3:3\
1:30. 5:10. «:W p. a. Ttrarsdar*— Extra tri?
at 11:30 o. ra. Baturiays—Estra trips at 1:SJ
• and 11:30 d. m.
CU.NDATS- 8:C0. »:33, 11:00 a. m.1 l:J0. tM,
t:M. «:to d. m.
L SAN RATAEI* TO SAX TKAXCBCQ.
TTEEK DAY3— 4:13. 1:Si. s:20. 11:10 a. m.: 13:43.
>:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips as
1:SC and S:S3 d. m.
£VN'DAYS-3:10. 1:49. 11:19 a. m.; 1:«C. »:«.
' (:0S. 6:25 p. ra.
Between Saa Fraaelsco and Satavalsea Park
itma schedule aa above.
L*are I la Effect. I ArrlT*
Ban FrancUco. I Apr. 13. 1900.1 Saa yranctscoi.
Week I Sun- J I 8nn- I Weak
Days. | days. | Dertlnatlon.] days. | Deys.
7:30 am 1:00 am KoratOt. 110:*) am 1:40 ani
t:30pm >:30am Pctaluma. «:C5 pm 10:3 «n
8:13 pm 1:00 pm Banta Rosa. T£i pm i:S0 pra
" FUton. I '
1M am Windsor. 18:23 aa*
Healdtbur*.
Lytton.
Oeysenrtlla.
. t:W ptn tM am Clovordale. T:C pp t^O pn
T:J3am| j Hopland I |10:M am
1:30 pm| 1:00 ami and Pclah. I 7:» pra| l:» pn>
'T:30am 10:38 am
I :C0 am Gusrn-Tllle. 7:S5 pxa
1:80 pm| 1:3? pm
T:&am 1:00 am Sonoma 105 am 1:40 ana
and
8:10 pmf 6:00 pra Plea Ellen. «:C8 pm| <:» pn
7: JO ia] 1:00 ami " 110:40 am!19:25 an.
. 1:30 pmf 6:00 pm| Sebastspol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark 'West
Bprlnrs and Whit* Sulphur Springs: at Fulton -
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle tor Skagzs Springs: at Clorerdal*
for the Oeysers: at Hopland for Dun cart.
Spring's. Highland Ferine*. Kelseyrille. Carls-
bad Bprlnrs. Soda Bay. LAkeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Fprlnss. Blue Lakss. Laurel D«11 Lak«. Witter
Bprln^s. Upp*r Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. RlTersld«. Uerley's. Buckaell's.
Eanhedrln Heights. Eallvtlle. Orr's Hot.
EprlnKS. Mendoclno City. Fort Bract. West--
port, Usal. Willits. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell s Sprlnss. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday roun<*a.trt» tlck«t» as
reduced rates.
On Sunday wind trip tickets to all potato
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. 830 Market st.. Chronlcl* hWt
H. C. WHITIN'G. R. X. RTAJI,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 3u, 1300.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MLLL, VAT.T.r.T
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK r>AYS-«:53. »9:15. 11:00 a. m.. -1:43.
3:15. 4:00. 6:15, *6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:0O. *i0:00. »U:30 a. m.. «1:13.
3:15. *4:43. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•> ran to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-3-.25, »S:20. 7:45, 9:30 a, m..
, "12:30. 1:45. »3:S0. 4:30. S:!0 p. m.
EXTRA. TRIPS on Mondays. Wednasdays
and Saturdays at 6:4i and 10:30 p. m.
STJNDAYS-«:20. »8:0O. "10:00, *U:i5 a, m..
n:40. "3:15. 4:45. "6:30 p, m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VAtLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:45. 6:45. ?:&5, 9:30 a. m..
13:35. 2:10, 3:30 4:54. 5:20 P. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 t>. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:03 a. m.. 12:05. 1:15, 1:30.
E:0O. 6:43 p. m.
. THROUGH TRATN3.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta- I
tlons. '.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and 'way sta-
tions.
Santa Fe
Trains— Da»y
Leavs Marfctt-atreet 7«rry X>«90C
!>•. Pan Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p ml 1:00 p m
Arr. Stockton 12:20 p m 7:15 p m 11:06 p ta
" Merced 2:42 p m — — — X:U a n»
" 'Frrsno ....... 4:20 pm . 1:05 a at
" VinaUa 6:00 pm 4:J0a»
" Tular* (:22 pm 1:10 a ta
,** Hanford (:33 pm 7:06 a A
" Bakersneld ... 8:50 P m T:SO a ru
** Denver ......... 10:00 a m _____
" Kansas City... 5:15 p ra
** Chicago 7:40 am .
la. m. train Is the Overland Express. Cmiai
spending- train arrives at 6 p. m, dally
4:10 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspoodta*
train arrtTes 11:05 a. ro. dally. -»-»—»-w
1:00 p. m. is Fresno and Bakersfleld Kxpresa.
with Sleeping Cars fcr both cities. Corresscnd-
Inr trwln arrives at 8 a. in. dally *- url *"* wl1 -"
OFFICES— 641 Market st. and In Ferry DnoC
Ean Francisco: U1S nmadwwy. OakiiSI i
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY!
w^#v e nA*vZ[?i??! sco ' vla Saa^Jlto Ferry:'
Bffists^a&sfts a \i s a ,
ll^io™' SaB Pranclaco to Summit and Return.
Ticket 0fflc«3, ca Market it, SausaUto rtrryl
BOEN.
ADAMS- In this city, September 27, 1900, to
the wife of Charles Adams, a eon.
BEELER— In this city. September 25. 19C0. to
the wife of E. A. Beeler, a daughter.
CALLAN— In this city. September 26, 1900. to
the wife of Eugene Callan, a son.
DONNELLY— In Burlingame, September tl.
19(0, to the wife of D. W. Donnelly, a daugh-
ter.
GOGGIX— In Alameda, September 25. 1900. to
the wife of Gerald E. Goggin, a son.
HARRISON— In this city, September 18, 1500.
to the wife of Thomas E. Harrison, a daugh-
ter.
JACKSON— In this city. September 16. 1900, to
the wife of George W. G. Jackson, a daugh-
ter.
JENKINS— In Alameda, Cal.. September 28.
1900. to the wife of Presly T. Jenkins, a son.
KEEFE— In this city, September 16, 1900, to the
wife of William A. Keefe, a daughter.
LAVIN— In this city. September 25, 1900, to the
wife of James W. Lavin, a son.
LCXD-In this city. September 24. l?00, to the
wire of T. Lund, a son.
MeCURDY— In Alairreda, September 24. 1900, to
the wife of H. S. McCurdy, a daughter.
McGRATH— In this city. September 15, 1900, to
the wife of Thomas F. McGrath. a son.
MICHELS— In thic city. September 21. 1000, to
the wife of Theodore H. Michels, a son.
MCLLEE— In this city. September 28, 1900, to
the wife of J. H. Mulleo. a son.
NICHOLS— In this city. September 24. 1300, to
the wife of George W, Nichol?, a daughter.
O'CONNOR— In this city. September 16, 1900, to
the wife of John O'Connor, a son.
REID— In this city, September 12. 1900, to the
wife of Albert J. Reid, a son.
ROBERTSON— In this city, September 14, 1900,
to the wife of Peter Robertson, a daughter.
EHIKPKER— In this city. September 27. 1900, to
the wife of Arthur Shirpser. a daughter.
SKIFF— In this city, September 27. 1900, to the
wife of Albert E. Skiff, a daughter.
SULLIVAN— In this city. September 20, 1900, to
t!ie wife of J. L. E. Sullivan, a son. *
TOOKER— In this city. September 7, 1900, to the
v.-ife of John C TocTker, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail win not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
ADVSRTISEMENTa
A large shipment of Cotton
Rugs came tumbling in this
week. Pretty patterns in pink
and white, blue and white and
green and white.
Sizes and Prices:
18x36 inches $1.00
24x48 inches 1.75
30x60 inches 2. so
36x36 inches 2.2-5
' 36x72 inches 300
Also larger sizes.
These durable Rugs are
bathroom favorites with most
people — always look clean and
comfortable. A window full
of them.
215-217 Sutter St., above Kearny.
C7"Frlerids and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this daw
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Trinity Chapel,
corner Gough and Bush streets.
CORNYN— In thl3 city. September 23. 1900
Margaret J., beloved daughter of Bridget
and the late Mortimer Cornyn. and sister of
James. Frank \V., John. Mortimer. Joseph
and William F. Cornyn and Mrs. W. D. Now-
land. a native of San Frarfcleco. aced 26
years and 10 months.
DAVIS— In this city. September 28, 1900. Har-
riet E. Davis, infant daughter of Lucius and
Catherine E. Davis, a native of San Fran-
cisco, a^ed 3 days.
EARLE- In this city, entered Into rest. Sep.
tember 29. 1000, George Henry, beloved hus-
band of Florence Earle. and father of Edith
Earle, a native of .Brooklyn. N. Y., aged 48
years and ,23 days.
EBERLE- In Georgetown. Cal.. September 24
1900, Anna Maria Eberle, beloved mother of
Mrs. John Scherrer of Georgetown, Cal., Jo-
seph and Anton Eberle of San Francisco Ben
F. H. and the late John E. Eberle of Los
E7Funeral services will be held at his late
residence, ISOO Franklin street, this day (Sun-
day), at 2:30 o'clock.
CHISHOLM— In this city, September 29. 1900.
Alexander Chisholm Jr.. beloved husband of
Edyth Elane Chisholm. son of Mr. and Mrs.
A. Chisholm. and brother of Stuart and Ar-
chibald Chisholm and Mrs. Dr. Brooks, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 24 ye.ars 3 months
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from U'nal B'rith
Hall, 121 Eddy street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the Ger-
man Krieger Verein. Cremation at Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street.
BRUGUIERE— September 28. 1900, at 1 p. m..
Emile A. Brugulere. husband of Josephine-
Sather Brurulere. and father of Peder. Emile,
Francis and Louis Brujrulere. •
DIED.
Altube. Marie R. Huerne, U E. Prosper
Beckmann, Helnrich Kentneld, Harriet
S" Brusulere, Emile A. McMillan. Ewen H
Chishclm. Alexander Maloney, Lillian H
Cornyn, Margaret J. Martens. Mrs. Bertha
Davis, Harriet E. Muller. Henry J.
Earle. George H. Nustedt, Ellen
Eberle. Anna M. Reslng:. Elizabeth
Fisher. Johanna Rushmer. Josephine
Glindtmann. Johanna Ftolz. Sophie
Gray. Birdie Thornhill. Victor A.
Holden. Mrs. Annie Zelner. Eva
ALTUBE — In Tuscarora, Nev., September 24
ISOO. Maria Ruth, beloved daughter of Jules
and Emily Altube, aged 2 months and 5 days.
(EvMnterment private. -."-,-
BECKMANN— In Para'.so Springs. September
28, 1WX). Heinrich Beckmann. beloved hus-
band of Doras Beckmann, and father of
Gretchen. Sophie, Lizzie and the late Hans
Beckmann, a native of Bremen, Germany,
aged ."3 years 9 months and 13 days. A mem-
ber of the German Krleser Verein.
TITCOMB— HAVENS— In this city. August 23
1300, at the residence of the bride's parents'
by the Rev. George C. Adams, Harvey B
Tltcomb and Mabel Havens.
BARNES— WAGNER— In San Rafael, August
22. ISOO. by the Rev. W. H. Atkinson. Charles
M. Barnes and Rose Wagner.
BUCKLEY— GARGAN— In this city. September
24, 1M*i, by the Rev. Father E. J. Doran, M.
G. Buckley of San Francisco and K. A. Gar-
gtn of Half moon Bay.
CHAMBERLIN-MURPHT— In this city, Sep-
tember 26, 1S00. by the Rev. Father Heslin.
Leonard C* Chamberlin and Mary A. Mur-
phy, both of San Francisco.
CLEARY— EGAN— In this city, September 23
i;*;0. by the Rev. J. McGlr.ty, William J.
Cleary and Mae F. Egan. both of San Fran-
cisco.
ERVIN— CURRT— In this city. September 19.
l%0. at St. Brendan's Church, by the Rev.
Father Land. Henry J. Ervin and Wlnnlfred
Curry, both of San Francisco.
GREENWADE— MURDOCK— In this city. Sep-
tember 2ti. 1900. by the Rev. Frank S. Ford,
Henry R. C. Greenwade and Margaret S
Murdock, both of San Francisco.
LYMAN— FISHER— In this city, September 28
1SO0, by the Rev. William C. Pond. Albert
W. Lvman and Maude F. Fisher, both of
MARRIED.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms 2Jc
to SI per nlt;bt: tl 25 to 35 per week, and light
housekeeping; cpen all night.
A QUIET and respectable home for light house-
keeping; suites IlC up; bath; telephone. St.
James. McAllister and Lafruna sts.
AHLSORN" Hotel. 321 Grant ave. (new manace-
ment)— Nwly turn, cuites, with or without
board; modem; family trade solicited.
AUSTIN ave.. IPS. oft Polk— Furnished and un-
furnished roonis for housekeeping:.
BURN ETT. 1C5 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rais., 6uit.es, single; also unfurnished.
1JUSH. 21'4— Furnished eunny rooms, suits or
single. Cjc i«t ni pl.t up: transient.
BU£II. .'.20 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nic-ly fiim. sunny rms., {1 50 to $7
wrek; 2Sc to Jl M night. MP.S. P. RANFT.
CLIFFORD. 204 Kills, cor. Mason— Elegantly
f urniflicd punny rooms ; prices* reasonable.
EDDY. e!;-Sur.ry wen-furnished room; tun-
ning water; bath; also single room reasonable.
EI-LIS. C3?. cor. Larkin — Sunny furnished front
room; double folding bed; lights.
ELLIS. 1SS— 3 nicely furnished sunny rooms,
with jras. phone and use of piano if required;
bath: reasonable.
FELLA r'acf, 10. o!T Powell, between Bush and
Fill* fllllillj furnished rooms with bath; reas.
VOLSOM. 9(3. cor. Cth (The Oliver)— New fur-
iu!.f<! sunny nut. single or suites: reasonable.
ytTL/TON] 114, nr. City Hall— Neatly furnished
eunny single room; private family; very pleas-
ant and comfortable for gentleman; cars and
restaurants handy; rent very reasonable. !
GEARY. «6 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms.; suites or single; travelers accommodatd.
GOLDEN GATE. 262— Ktcely furnished sunny
front room; cheap.
GJIAN'P SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
snd Mission sta. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
fing>; lades' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GUERRERO. 114— Newly nicely furn. sunny
rooms, with board; very desirable; reasonable.
HARRISON, TS4H. near 4th— Finely furnlFhed
¦sassy rooms; bath; all home comforts; Jl
week up.
HATES. 136. cor. Van Ness — Single sunny room
suitable for gentleman: rent J5.
HOWARD House, 543 Howard et.— Rooms 15c
to We i>er r.'.pht: TSc to J2 per week.
IJTlin. 4C7D— Furnished room; sunny; private
family.
JESSIE, 544. bet. Sixth and Seventh— 1 or 2
sunny front rooms; rent reasonable. Inquire
ui*tairs.
LAKKIN. 1ZZ — Newly furnished sunny parlor or
suite; 2 or 3 jfrsons.
LARKIN. 7C7. near Ellis— Lanre rooms, single
or suite: newly furnished: tras; bath: private.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny Finale room, neatly fur-
nished, suitable for grr.t; $4 50.
LARKIN. tnr — Two eunny furnished rooms,
puttable hrkpg. ; gas; bath; phone; cheap.
LAP PALMAS. 1S20 Market st.— Suite of 2 or S
rrr.?. ; private; bcth; sin. rms.: board optional.
LKAVENWCRTH. 1521— Z rooms; private house;
upstairs; rent $10.
MARKET, 102S— Nice room for gentleman, 15
per month; third floor.
MrALLISTER. E»-Newly furnished sunny
front room; also suite.
MCALLISTER. S19-2 nicely furnished sunny
rooms; running water; large closet; J6 and $S.
MINNA. OCT. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay^
window room. Jl r*r week; transient.
MISSION. CM. near 3d— Pur.ny rooir.s for gentle-
men. $6 r*r month; private house.
MI5PIOX. 15X3 " nilllllf front and back room*,
furr.it+fvl or unfurnished; bath; gentlemen
preferred; comfortable; convenient to cars.
MISSION. 2^C3'±— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let.
NATOMA. 421C. near Fifth— Larpe front sunny |
furr.:thed room, suitable for one or two.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1C15 Market Et.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $1 a week up; 35c a day up.
NIN'TH. U3— Sunny sicr-le furnished room;
cheap.
C FAHTtELL. ?0— Sur.ny furr.'shed rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
TFAURELL, 31P— Nicely furnished room.-
O'FARREI.L. Z.:a— Furnished sunny modern
room; cfntleman.
PINE. 11CS — Nicely furnished rooms to let;
sur.y.
ROSEDALE House. 319 snd 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
r.ight 2Cc to tl. ivtfk {1 25 to {4 ; open night.
KOTAL HcU5P. 126 E!li* St.— Incandescent Mrht:
reading room, emokir.s room and ladies' par-
lcr; rooms, rer night, zr.c to Jl 50; week. $2 to
!': month. $S to $3^: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Arartmrnt House. 23 Eighth et.
m-ar Mark't— Furnished or unfurnished.
FIXTH. SO— Nice sunny furnished rooms, en
Fu:te or single; reasonable.
SIXTH. 213— Nice furnished room In private
family, sultcbl* for 2 gentlemen or man ana
wife; alj=o Flr.cle room; reasonable.
TAYLOR, at < Norwood >— Furnished sunny
Fuit»-s: also sinjrle rooms; privilege cf hkpg.
TENTH. 1^3. near Market— 1 small light room;
running Water; $3 i>er month.
THIRD. 419. cor. Perry— 5 nice newly furnished
Minny room*; corner flat; bay-windows.
WEBB HOUSE, 37 Second 6t.— Sunny furnished
room?, tl 50 to U per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subnerlptions
received at Call branch offloe, 2I0O Fillmore Ft.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
*uVis<-riptior.s has been ertablished "at 109«
Valencia Ft.
IIOOMS ASD HOARD.
A PRIVATE famt;--: 3 odnlts; largre sunny rm..
fiu!tabk- 1 or 2: moderate. 1512 Franklin St.
CHESTJCDT.dr. Hvrfe— A Sunny room, with board j
or , partial boarJ. for a gentleman enpased !
•lurlnc- the riay. in a private family. Apply '
box 335^. Ca'.l office.
GEART, 2S7— r.oon.i> and board can be obtained
in private family; first-cla?s accommodations;
rcfcren<-es.
room nnd b-iar<l; raF and bath: for gentleman;
IIS per mo::th. 110V4 McAllister et.
BCXma end boari at 2242 San Antonio ave..
AluinfiJa.
15OA!iL» and rooms et 415 First st.. near Har-
ri5on.
ROOMS A\D BOARD WAXTED.
A YOUNG couple desire board and lodging in
Fir.all family; rates moderate; location mun
be within *ive or ten minutes' walk of Cali
building. Addrepg l>ox KCJ, Can office.
WANTED— A plearant home In country for the
winter for young lady im-a'.id and nurse in
Santa On:z Mountains. Address MRS A J
MURRAY. 1402 Post Et.
WANTED — Room and board by young lady In
rfflned Jewish family; central location. Ad-
<irr-FS box 2*04. Call office.
WANTED— Nice 1 lace In Protestant family for
; children to hoard. Dor 1S44. Call office.
ROOMS \VA XTED.
FRONT rocm ani kitchen wanted: permanent-
15 minuten from Kearny st. Box 3793, Call.
YOUNG man wants a room with private fam-
ily: state price. Box 83TC. Call office.
STABLES TO LET.
LARGE Ftable with 5 stalls; suitable for coal-
ynH: c<v>d neighborhood: rent $10. 1TA9 Turk.
SrBCIAL KOTICE5,
LADIES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; cafe, reliable; take no other-
fiend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return mail; at druic-
Kists. Chicherter Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
IIOOMS papered from 12 00; whitened. Jl up-
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
rity or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
413 Mortromery St.. room* 9-10; tel. B5SJ.
SEtt'IXC 3IACIIIXKS A.VD SUPPLIES.
A I.L kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged r re-
pairing lowest rates; cpen even. 205 <th sL
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 143 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, fold and repairing gua»^n-
teed. Charlry Plambeck. 1315 Mission, nr. nth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
BHKINS «nTiBtorage"co!.] i TO et.^
Tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 'tl.
PACIFIC Storage end Furniture Moving Com-
pary. 310 FlUmore ft; phone Jackson 2S1.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend Ko. 1W <flfty
cents per share) of the Oceanic ' .Steamship
Ccmpsny. will be payable at the office of the
company. 227 Market ft., on- and after Mon-
day. October 1. 1S00. Transfer book* close
en Tuesday. September "Z. 1900. at 3 o'clock
'- ra. E. IL SHELDON, Secretary.
Angeles, Cal., a native of Wurtemberg, Ger-
many, aged 94 years 7 months and 2 days.
FISHER— In this city. September 29. 1900, Jo-
hanna, dearly beloved wife of John H. Fisher
Jr., dearly beloved daughter of. Barbetta and
- the late Jacob David, and sister of Marcus,
Henry, Joe, Sol, Regina, Sarah, Blna, Caro-
. line, Lena and Martha David, a. native of
Bavaria, Germany, aged 3$ years and 6
month b.
IE7"Notice of funeral hereafter. ,
GLINDEMANN— In Latah, Spokane County,
Washington, September 20, 1900, Johanna Elise
Glindemann, daughter of John and Anna
Glindemann, and sister of Henry. Marie,
Dora, Herbert, Emma and Annie Glindemann,
azed 7 months.
GRAV-In this city. September 29. 1900. Birdie,
beloved daughter of Hermann and Flora
Gray, a native of San Francisco, aged 5 years
and 8 months.
HOLDEN— In this city, September 29, 1900, Mrs.
Annie Holden, beloved ihother of Mrs. Lor-
raine Wolf, a native of Ireland, aged C4
years.
CyKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this -day
(Sunday), at 1:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland, by
2 o'clock creek boat.
HTJERNE— An anniversary requiem high mars
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late L. E. Prosper Huerne at the
Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolres. Bush
street, below Stockton, to-morrow (Monday),
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend. |
KENTFIELD— In this city. September 28. 1900.
Harriet Kentfield. relict of the late John
Kentfield, and beloved mother of Edward E.
Kentneld and Mrs. G. F. Smith, a native of
Oxford, England, aged 75 years and 3 months.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 833 Fremont street. Inter-
ment private, Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
McMILLAN— In the City and County Hospital,
September 29. 1900. Gwen H. McMillan, a na-
tive ol Scotland.
MALONEY— In this city, September 29, 1900,
Lillian Helen, dearly beloved daughter of
George and Mary Maloney, a nativ* of San
Francisco, aged 6 years and 8 days.
C7Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4 Glover street, oft Jones, between
Broadway and Vallejo street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MARTENS— In this city, September 29, 1900,
Mrs. Bertha Martens (nee Trefz), daughter
of Mrs. Frederika Bose, and Bister of Fred,
Carl, Albert, Adolph and Paul Trefz, Mrs.
Emilie Peres and Mrs. Pauline Spahr, a na-
tive of Wurtembers. Germany, aged 21 years
6 months and 28 days.
CyServices will be held to-morrow (Mon-
day), at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 113?
Mission street, between "Seventh and Eighth,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
MULLER-In this city, September 28, 1900,
Henry Joseph Muller, dearly beloved husband
of Margaretha Muller. beloved father of P.
J.. F. H., Mary. Alvlna. Anthony, Elsie,
Walter F. and Rena Muller, and brother of
Peter John Muller and Mrs. J. Berbench, a
native of Germany, aged C6 years 1 month
! and 6 days. A member of St. Peter's and St.
Paul us' Society of St. Boniface's Parish.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this 'day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1929 Geary street, between Steiner and
Pierce, thence to St. Boniface's Church. Gold-
en Gate avenue, near Jones street, for serv-
ices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
carriage. Please omit flowers.
NUSTEDT— In the City and County Hospital,
September 29, 1900, Ellen Nustedt, a native of
West Indies.
RESING — In this city, September 29, 1900,
Elizabeth, beloved daughter of John anil
Elizabeth ReslnK. and sister of Kate. G«orge, j
John. Joseph, William and Frank Resins, a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years.
RUSHMER— In Angels Camp. September 27,
1?00, Josephine Celeste, infant daughter of
E. L. and May L. Rushmer. aged 1 year 3
months and 25 days.
STOLZ— In this city, September 2S. 1900. Sophie,
beloved wife of George Stolz, and mother oC
George and William Stolz, a native of Ger-
many, aged 05 years 9 months and 3 days.
IT7The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Mtir'.ni & Co., 1521 Stockton 6treet,
near L'nicn. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
THORNHILL— In this city, September 29, 1900,
Victor Alfred, beloved son of Ann and the
late Alfred Thornhlll, and brother of Walter
and Thomas Thornhlll. Mrs. W. Ayling and
Mrs. H. Whittle, a native of England, aged
32 years 11 months and 9 days. A member of
Court Robin Hood No. 5331. A. Q. F.
ZELNER— In tills city. September 28. 1900. Eva,
beloved wife of the late William Zelner.
mother of William J. Zelner, and sister of
Mrs. A. Phillips, Mrs. Phoebe Lyons. Mrs.
Joseph Boscowitz and Barney II. Phillips of
Nashville. Tenn., a native of London. Eng-
land, ajed 59 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment, by train from Third and Town-
send streets. Salem Cemetery.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
I UNERAL BIRECT0X3 ARO EMBALHER3.
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 187.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor to Flannsgan & Gallagher).
DANIKL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
KUXERAL DIKECTOUS AND KMHALMERS.
2b Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
TO LEASE.
FOR RENT— Fine coal yard, 12 stalls, very
best location: will lease yard for $15 per
month; worth $23: office S3 month; lanre haul-
Ins wagon, $40; double set harness, {10; dog
cart. $10; fine buggy, Columbia make, $30;
flpns and screens, etc... will bo with yard.
2101 Central ave.. Alameda.
TO let — Fine rooms suitable for light manufac-
turing purposes. Apply at Ell Sansome st.
TVPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES,
GRKAT r BARGA~INS IN Ti^EWRI?ER^-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals. $J. The Typewriter
Exchange, 62S California; telephone Main 2C6.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any ruakr.
Write for orices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
310 Monteomery Ft.
NEW typewriters. $3 down. $5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 Callfo'nia st.WHEAT— The foreign markets showed HttU
chanae. New York declined %c.
Chicago opened weak, with holders realizing
freely. There was a good shipping demand,
but speculation was demoralized. Wires to this
city said that no reason for the decline was
evident, and ' that Washington ' and " Oregon
Wheat was going Eastward, owing to the high
ocean freights , from the Pacific Coast. : The
weather i in the . Northwest was • fair. Toward
the ¦ close ; of ¦ the session the pressure • was re
lieved and the feeling became steadier.
Local spot auotations wero a fraction lower,
but futures showed no further decline.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ?1 O2V4; Milling, U 05©
107'.4. ' ¦ ¦' . ¦ • • •• -".-•¦•
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal 'Session — 9:15 o'clock— December
8000 ctls,? »1 06%. ¦. .,. •
i Second Session— May— 10,000 ctls, |1 13*4." D«
cember-lO.OOOctls, $1 00%. : , ,. .;
I Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls
$1 0«%. May— 2000 i ctls. - $1 18%. .-. --, .,. -
BABLEY — The market continued firm, with
sales of choice bright Feed at steady prices.
• Feed, 77V4c for choke bright, 75c for No. 1 arid
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — |4 S3
Sterling Exchange, sight..: — 4 8"H
Sterling Cables — 4 8SH
New York Exchange, sight — . 07V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine. Silver, per ounce... — .83?,
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60V4 © 61
Exchange and* Bullion.
:n ihe outstanding loans of the banks. The
1 iunl decrease in cash was slightly in excess
of that of last week, as had been expected.
IWldes the liquidation lr. the stock market, a
larre volume of time loans is said to be ma
turintr at his time and the proceeds of these
th* 1 -.nks are inclined to hold for higher rates.
at- explained below. The prospect of favorable
developments In the coal rtrike situation over
Kunflay inereaicd the dl*j>oFltlon of the bears
to cover and the recovery in prices from the
•¦arly low lt.nH ran"bet\vctn 1 and 2 points lor
the principal active stocks, not a few of which
showed net pains of a point or more. The early
wlllnR of Ftorks was encouraged by selling for
foreign account and by rumors of financial dif
ficulties in Berlin, where the exigencies of a
**>ttl«ment caused a Jump of 2 per cent in the
rate for p.hort discount bills. The steel stocks
were firm throughout Intimations from of
ficials of several of the great trunk lines of an
ir.tfiitlcn to provide for the year's need forth
with at the present price of $16 for steel raUs
helfXNl th<? group. Large receipts of raw sugars.
doi/iB away with nome of the danger of 4
shortage, hPlped Kugar. A feature was the
farther narking down M sterling exchange
rzt^s by the exchange hankers. In eptte of the
nominal character of the Saturday market.
Prie^N of no- ks have shown some violent
fluctuation* during the week and mounted to
a level considerably higher thaji on last Satur
day. The feverishncss of the market has been
wholly due to the difficulties In which the bear
operators became Involved through their too
treat eagerness to discount the prospective de
cline in prices. Tbe unwlcldly proportions to
NEW YORK. Kept. •*>.— The stock market wan
• narrow and professional affair to-day which
?nded with a show of animation and strength
on account of an active demand from the short
Interert which covered on the bank statement.
This eaw fncou?Bwnjpnt in the fact
that the inroad upon the banking surplus was
restricted to less than $4,000,000. while a much
heavier depletion was expected. This senti
inent seemed not to be affected by the fact that
b. decline in the reserve requirements of over
tZ. 000.000 was responsible for this result, which
was brought about by a contraction of J3.668.4O0
New York Stock Market.
DRIED FRUITS
The market for evaporated apples ruled quiet
and unchanged on the basis of 3Q'5c for com
mon, 4»4@5%c for prime, 6>^@6c for choice and
fancy at 6<36Hc. California dried fruits were
inactive. Prunes were nominally quoted on
the basis of 3%@7%c per pound, as to size and
quality. Apricots — Royal. ll®14c; .Moorpark
U,(g i6c. Peaches— Peeled, 14#l8c; unpeeled. 69
9c .."^BflnnHtanBenaMtanMB^'
WHEAT~Recelpts. 173,250 bushels; exports,
43,290; Bales, 2,100,000 bushels futures S6 000
spot. Spot, easier; No. 2 red, SO^c f. 0 ' b
afloat and Sl%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, E6Hc f. o. b. afloat. Options were weak
and lower most of the session to-day as a result
of heavy Danubian shipments, lower Engltsh
cables, weakness in outside markets and mod
erately active selling for both accounts, based
on prospective bearish statistics Monday; closed
%®Uc net decline. March, 85%(?IS5Vic.' closed
S5V4c; May, S5 1-16@S5 3-16c, closed 8a%a; Sep
tember, closed 80%c; October, closed 80Hc; De
cember. S2V4682 11-lCc closed S2"HiC.
HOPS— Quiet. Pacific Coast, 1899 crop, 10ffll3c
old olds. 2®5e. ¦ • '
HIDES— Firm. California, 21 to 25 pounds
18%c.
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, 23@2Sc. \
PIGIRON— Weak. Northern, 14glSo; South
ern, 13@16c.
COPPER— Steady. Brokers, $16 8714.
LEAD— Dull. Brokers. $4.
COFFEE— Spot. ,Rlo dull; No. 7 Invoice, 8V$o*
mild, quiet; Cordova, ¦ 9&@14c. Futures closed
steady. 6@10 points net higher. Total sales;
9750 baKX. including: December, $7 10; January
J7 15: March. »7 15; July. $7 50.
SI7GAR— Kaw, firm; fair refining. 4»,ic; cen-'
tiifugal, S6 test, 5c; molasses wgar, 4c; re
flncd, firm; No. 6, 6.60c; No. 7, 6.50c; No 8,
640c; No. 9. 6.S0c; No. 10. 5.25c: No. 11 5 23c*
No. 12, 5.20c; No. 13, 5.15c; No. 14, 6.15c; stand
ard A, £.95c; confectioners* A, B.PBc; mold A
6.40c; cut loaf, fi.Goc: crushed, 6.55c; powdered,
6.23c; granulated, 6.15c; cubes, 6.30c. "
BUTTER— neccipt8, 2551 packages. Steady;
creamery, 17<a22e: June creamery, l$C$2V£c; fac
tory. I3Vi®16%c; imitation creamery, 15@18c.
EGGS — Receipts. 5320 packages. Steady; 'West
ern regular packing at mark, 12l4@iSc; West
ern, loss. off. 20c. ' :
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.-FLOUR-Recelpt*
13,355 barrels; exports, IS, 133; sales. 3570 rack
ages. Very quiet and a shade easier in tone
with wheat.
S. P. Ry. Cal. 6s 917.325
B. P t Branch Ry. 6s 103.900
. Total il.524,517
Semi-annual Interest of $:3.':<.O will be paid
by the Sierra Railway Company of California
en October 12. The quarterly Interest on tha
United States 4s of 1907 will be paid on Octo
ber 1. The amount of these bonds outstanding
on the 1st of September waa $343,957,320.
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Sept. 29-13 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
4s quar coup...ll5%116Vs 4s do cp (new).134H13S4
4s do reg lll^HSVj 3s do coup — 110
MISCELLANEOUS BOND3.
Cal-st Cab 5s. US 119 Oak Water 6s. — 1M
C C Water 6S..106H107 Oceanic SS 5s.lO7»4 —
Ed L & P fis..l30V* — Om C Ry 6s... 12814 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — Pao G Imp 4s.l01^ —
Geary-st R 5s. — 99 P & Cl Ry Ss.104 —
H C & S 5Va9. — — P & O R R 6s.H5 —
Do Ss — 10S Powell-st R Ss.117 —
L A Ry 5s 106%107^i Sac L GAR Ss.lOOH —
LA Lt Co 6s. — 103 S F & S J V5s.l20»;i2114
Do gntd 6s... — — S R of Cal 63.11U t —
L A gntd 5s.. .100 102H S P of A 6S....111J4111H
L A P R n 5s. - 102 SPC83 (19C5)
Market-st 6s.. .128% — (Series A). ...110 —
Do 1st M 5s..U7»»lM% Do (Series B) — —
N C N G R 7c. — 115 S P C 6s <1906).113H —
N R of Cal 6S.113 115 Do (1912) 121U122&
Do 5S....3....H3HU9 SPRlstgntd— —
NPCRR 6S.101 — S P Br 6s 132»iU3Vi
Do 5s ........ — 106* S V Water «s.ll3 —
N Cal Ry 6s.. — 111 Do 4s 103 —
Oak G L & H.109 — Do 3d mtg...lO3 —
Oak Tran 6s... — — Stcktn Gas fa. — 1034
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa- 69% 63% Spring Valley* SSH M
Marin County. 61»4 — '¦
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G L Co.. — — Pao L Co — 4414
Cent L & P Co — 6 Sac El G&RCo 35 —
Eqult G L Co. SH 3% 8 F G & E.... S3 53%
Mutual El Co. 10H — San Francisco. 5 SH
O G L & H.... 49 60 Stkn G & E Co — '14
Pac Gas Imp.. 51 W*
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Fi rein's F"und.E8 — f
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 63 — ILon P A A.... US ¦ — "'
Bank of Cal. ..405 410 (Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cal S D & T..105 — Nev Nat B»... — —
First Natlonl. .285 300 ., . -»
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... — 1900 Sav &.L Co.... — 81
Hum S & Ij.. — ¦ — Pec Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 48^ — 'Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U 510 — I
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — IOSL4 H.... — 45
Geary-st 25 — Presidio — 22%
Market-st — 67U1 • . .
POWDER STOCKS.
California ......— 162%jVlgortt «% «H
Giant Con Co.. — .85 I
SUGAR STOCKS.
Han* S P Co. 7ft 7% Kflauea SPC.H -
Haw C & S Co — 89 Makawell S Co 43 —
Honokaa S Co. 30% 31 iOnomea S Co.. 2S% ZS\i
Hutch S P Co. 25 ¦ K>4 • Paauhan S Co.30% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. — 125 , Pac A P A.... 1% —
Cal Fruit Asn. 98 — Pac C Bor Co. — — •
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 .Par Paint Co. —
Oceanic S Co.. — 94 I
Morning Session.
Board—
$1000 Contra Costa Water Bond* im gj^
25 Hutchlnson S P Co. cash 15 00
5 Makaweli Sugar Co 43 28
5 Makawell Sugar Co 43 jxil
6 Paauhau S P Co........ 5050
$*>000 Sacramento Elec, Gas St Ry 6s 100 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co.; u 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.... S3 J2^_
USF Gas & Electric Co S3 23
Street—
' B0 California Safe Deposit 105 00
SO Gas Improvement SI 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Board—
20 Blue Goose 8 00
850 Home Oil .......' 4 55
100 Monarch of Arizona 40
200 Sterling O & D Co.. 2 15
300 Twenty-eight -. x 85
Street—
200 Twenty-eight 1 S3
10 Hanford 71 50
. MINING . STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
1 Morntns . Cession.
BOO Con Cal & Va..l 20 50 Ophlr SS
•600 Gould & Curry. 33 200 Yellow Jacket, tt
Northern Ry. Cal. 5s 118.775
Omnibu3 Cable Ry. 6s (Oct. 2) 60.000
S. F. and S. J. V. Ry. Es 150,000
Geary Street Ry, 5s $16,773
Hawaiian Commercial 54a 13,717
Hawaiian Commercial 5s 25.000
Los Angeles Ry. 5s 99.933
Los Angeles Lighting Ss 25.000
Saturday.
The following stocks were ex-divldend yes
terday: Pacific Coast Borax. $1; Parafflne
Paint, 25 cents; West Lake Oil. 1 per cent.
Homestake Oil will pay a dividend of 20 cents
and an extra one of 10 cents to-morrow.
September oil dividends were as follows:
American Fuel. $1000: Home, $10,000; Home
stake, $2500; Kern River. $10,000; Producers,
12500; Rex, $30C0; West Lake, $10,000; Yukon.
$:ooo.
Dividends will, be paid to-morrow as fol
lows: Oceanic Steamship Company, 50 cents;
Honokaa Sugar Company, 30 cents; San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric. 33 cents; Napa Con.
Quicksilver. 10 cents; New Idrla Quicksilver,
20 cents; Wolverine Copper, $2; Buffalo Hemp
Mine, 10s. • . . -
The semi-annual interest on the bonds of a
number of local corporations will be payable
to-morrow as follows: .--¦-'.
Local stocks and bonds continued dull on
the Bond Exchange.
Pales on the Oil Exchange were fair for
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— The exports of gold
and silver from this port to all countries for
this week aggregate $1,085,315 silver bars and
coin and $34,402 gold. The imports of specie
were $41,885 gold and $174,584 silver. The ln>
ports of dry goods and merchandise were
valued at $7,991,156.
Movements of Specie.
WASHINGTON. Sept. • 29.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balance In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $135,062,372; gold, $80,211,245. ¦
Condition of the Treasury.
LONDON. Sept. 29.— Atchison, 27H: Cana
dian Pacific, 98; Union Pacific preferred, 75;
Northern Pacific preferred, 69; Grand Trunk,
6%; Anaconda, SH- Bar silver, steady, 23^d.
Money. 4®44. ,
CLOSING.
The market here was lethargic and dull all
round to-day. There was practically no tension
because of the monetary and political appre
hensions which prevail. Americans were fea
tureless. Prices were lower, following the New
York lead, though the quotations generally
were above parity. Money was easier to-day.
Silver was steady but quieter.
NEW YORK. Sept. 29. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
NEW TOHK, Sept. 29.— The Financier says:
The heavy decrease in deposits reported by the
New York banks, amounting to $12,724,703 for
the week ending September 29, operated to
reduce legal reserve requirements by $3,000,000
and over and thus counteracted by half the
loss of $S,8O0,800 in cash which went out of
banks to meet Interior demands. The position
of the banks as a whole Is little better than
indicated by the statement for the reason that
receipts of nearly $2,500,000 of specie from the
Pacific Coast Friday figure only slightly In
the. weekly compilation. The loan contraction
of $3,668, 400 was due to the efforts of banks
to meet the demands of Interior correspond
ents and at the same time to maintain their
respective percentages at the required legal
point. The reduction in ' loans lessened de
posits, and with the heavy loss in cash,
brought about the shrinkage of $12,764,700 in
the deposit total, with the effect already noted.
The deposit shrinkage at this season is not
unusual. Last year during the week ending
September 23, the banks lost nearly $20,000,000
of deposits, and the decrease for the current
week a year ago was $13,000,000. At the close
of September, 1S99, however, the banks hold
only $1,724,450 of excess reserve, as against $12.'
942,600 now, and they lost at least $65,000,000
of deposits In September, 1899, compared with
only $13,780,000 this month. The drain la. there
fore easier to meet this year than last, but it
means higher money rates from now on. The
current statement is oompljcated by the opera
tions of one or two large banks, the decrease
of which go far toward changing the totals.
Last week $^000,000 or D6 per cent of the ex
cess reserve of all the banks was held by ono
institution. This week the same bank holds
J5.727.40O, or 44 per cent of all the reserve, but
its own loss In cash amounts to $5,207,000, or
within $1,500,000 of the total loss in cash by all
the banks. The position of the. remaining.in
stitutions, therefore, has undergone no impor
tant change so far as cash is concerned during
the we«k. _ .
PORTLAND. Sept. 29.— Wheat easier In sym
pathy with other markets. Walla Walla,
D544i56c; valley,. 60c; bluestem, 59c.
'.WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, ' Sept.»i 29. — Wheat steady, un
changed. Bluestem, 59c; club, C6c; both for
export. .VI*'..
OREGON.
balances, $44,544.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, . Sept. 29.- r Clearings, $BS,2S8;
Portland's Business.
LONDON. Sept. 29.— Consols, 98 5-U; silver,
29\id: French rentes. 99f 824c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, buyers indifferent; English country
markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 29.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
Standard California, 63 6UdS6s 7d; wheat .in
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 6%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull: No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s Sd; No. 1 Northern spring, not quoted;
No. 1 California, 6s 64d@6s 7d. Futures, ea»y;
September, nominal: December, 6s 3Hd. »
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
4s 34d. Futures, quiet; October, 4s 34d; No
vember. 4s 2%d; December, 4s l%d.
-FLOUR— St. Louis fancy, winter, steady,
8s Cd.
HOPS— (At London) Pacific Coast, steady, £2
EsQ>£3 5s.
Foreign Markets.
opened with prices 7@15 points higher and
scored additional gains Immediately follo-nring
the call on healthy buying for all branches of
the trade. The inability of the railroads to
meet the demands of shippers bids fair to be
an Important factor In the near future. Wall
street appeared quite conspicuously as a buyer
of the winter months; the South purchased the
late deliveries. Fall River reported a firm but
quiet market for cloths. The market closed
steady, with prices net 10@19 points higher.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— The cotton market
New York Cotton Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts. 700.
Nominally steady. * Natives, . good to prime
steers. $5 45i§5 S5; poor to medium, $4 60@5 40;
selected feeder?,- $3 S0®4 SO; mixed stockers,
$3 60@3 63; cows, $?70@4 20; heifers, $2 90® 4 85;
canners. $2^2 65; bulls, $2 75@4 50; calves, $1 50
®6 BO; Texas fed steers, $4 20@4 90; grassers,
?3 25®4 10; bulls, $2 60@3 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 23,000;' Monday, 16,000;
left bver, 6500. Best light, steady; others, 5c
lower; top, $5 65; mixed and butchers', Jj OSjf
5 D5; good to choice heavy, $5 05^5 424; rough
heavy, $4 90@5; light,, $5 15@S 55; bulk of Bales,
$5 20<g-5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2500. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers. S3 90@4 20;
fair to choice mixed, $3 50-313 90; Western sheep,
$4@4 15; Texas sheep, S2 50ff3 CO; native lambs,
$4 25S5 60; Western lsrmbs, $4 75@'5 35.
Chicago Livestock Market.
BOSTON, Sept. 29.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the following prices: Pears— Nellls, boxes, $1 20
@$155, average $128; Bartletts, boxes, $1@1 65, |
average $1 25. Peaches— Salways, boxes, 65{f
90c. average 81c; Levi Cling, boxes, 60®75c, av
erage 65c: George's Late, boxes, average 60c;
StrawBerry Cling, boxes, average 60c. Wet,
unfavorable weather. Five cars sold to-day.
PHILADELPHL\. Sept. 29.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day were as follows: Grapes— Tokays, sin
gle crates, C0<3S5c, average 78c. Pears—Bart
letts, boxes, $1®2 05, average $180. Peaches—
Hal ways, boxes, MSTOc, average 62c; Levl Cling,
boxes. "€5c. Three cars sold to-day.
Associated Banks* Statement.
The temperature has fallen slightly along the
!mm«ii»u .coast and risen over the Interior of
California and the plateau region. It is gen
erally above the normal.
The weather is cloudy over Washington.
Eastern Oregon and Arizona, elsewhere It Is
conerally clear.
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued pleasant weather in California Sunday.
Forecast made at Su\ Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, Kcptembcr 30, 1500:
•Northern California— Fair Eunday; light
norther!}' wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Eunday;
Hiht west wind.
Nevada— Fair Eunday.
Utah— Fair; wanner Sunday.
Arizona — Generally cloudy Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
continued pleasant wrath** ; light northwest
*lod. O. H. WILLSON*
Zyvcal Forecast Official.
The pressure has fallen over th« Pacific
Slop*, the greatest fall being In the plateau
i»jrion. It Is above the normal in all districts.
An area of hijrh pressure is off the "Washing
ton coast, while the lowest pressure is re
rTted from Southern California and Arizona.
FORECAST,
O20th Meridian— Pacific Tim*.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 2»— 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 64'Red Bluff 88
Independence 76 Sacramento 84
Mount Tamalpals SJ fan Lois Oblspo S2
Los Angeles 92 gan Diego 8S
Fresno SO.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
f ' . minimum. 57; mean, 68.
WEATHER. CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
Weather Report.
"Brazil nuts were quite active Saturday,
tales of two cars of medium being reported at
10c. The markr-t on Brazils is very 6trong.
Bone business was reported in Terragonas, 200
bags being reported eold at UV»c. Cable*, how
*v«r, were received quoting new Terragonas at
higher figures than heretofore asked."
"Evaporated apples are quiet. The immense
Quantities of t.u>les blown down of late are
rapidly being cured and offered for prompt
shipment. This is having the effect of weak
tning the epot market, but, on the other hand,
gives to future* a slightly firm tendency.
lta.ll advices from New York say: "The dried
fruit trade on Saturday was concerned chiefly
with speculating as to raisin prices. The great
strength cf the general situation on raisins
wt evident in the opinions expressed, all deai
t:-s expecting high quotations. Further strength
Trae imparted by fresh cable* from abroad
suotfag still higher prices on new Valencia
and Malaga raisins. It was reported also on
account of the excited market abroad man/
Tontracts for new Valencia* were ' being can
reled by holders. Old crop raisins showed con
siderable movement, salts of two cars of 3
crown and 2-crown seeded, for prompt thip
— W.' i.'- frcin -the cca»t. being reported at 7i»c
-«ml 7c. respectively, t. o. b.. coast. The day's
transactions included also 1000 boxes of its
ported Eu!tar.as at fuli prices.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The cctr.age at the San Francisco Mint for
the month cf September was as follows:
Double eagles. $4S3,000; standard dollars, $1,000.
>'.; half-dollars. s:<V.v0; Quarter-dollars. $10,
-<>- Making a total of 31.6SO.OdO. agalnat a.-
J05.000 for September, 1S39. For the first three
r.onths cf the f.s .-i.i year the coinage amounts
to ::c.s:o,?::, agaiast. $14,777,636 for the same
.period Ifcat year.
Local Mint Coinage.
SsJea cf future* en the Produce Exchange in
lepte rrber were 84,900 tens wheat and £700 tons
barley, shaking tctal saJr* thus far this crop
( '«r cf 302.400 toes wheat and 35,600 tons bar
key.
Produce Exchange Sales.
The local bar.k clearings for the patt week
uncuated to J21.61fl.5S9. against $20,3S6.19» for
&• Fame week last year. These clearings for
the month of September amounted to $s3,if9.
1*4, egalr.ct $53,353,436 for September, 1S99. The
*^tal clearings for the flm nine months of th<.
rear amount to $7S?.0S0.83?, against $CS2,S4»,07!>
tor the eaine period last year. •
Bank Clearings.
The receipts of customs duties at this port
lor the month cf September amounted to $562,
t>3. making a total since January 1 of 13.
(£2,308.
Customs Duties.
The bond market was weak in the earlier part
of the week, but recoveries in some issues
made the market Irregular later. Dealing*
were not large at any time. United States new
4s registered advanr«d U %nd the old 4s and Ss
declined >« In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK UST.
Shares . Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
8.2S0 Atchi?on ...-. 27%
t.-'ir, Atchison prefd 69H
4.010 Baltimore & Ohio tw'«
Canadian Pacific • &>%
Canada Southern 49
600 Chesapeake & Ohio 27%
Chicago cireat Western 10
6,;^0 Oiiicago Burlington & Quincy 122T4
Chicago Ind & Louisville 204
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 644
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 96
Chicago & Northwestern 160
2,030 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 104%
825 C C C & St Louis 61%
Colorado Southern S
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 87
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 13%
100 Delaware & Hudson 110
....... Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .177
1,100 Denver & Kio Grande 104
Denver &. Rio Grande prefd 66%
Erie 10%
Erie 1st prefd 32%
175 Oreat Northern prefd 14»'i
Ho<-king Coal 12S
100 Hocking Valley 314
1»»5 Illinois Central 115U
200 Iowa Central 174
Iowa Central prefd 374
Lake Erie & Western 25
Lake Krie &. Western prefd 93
Lake Shore 205
1.600 Louisville & Nashville 714
l.<r<0 Manhattan Elevated 864
3,060 Metropolitan Street Railway 1474
100 Meslcan Central 11
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 61>i
l*»0' Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 91
3,305 Missouri Pacific 48%
Mobile & Ohio 331,
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9
1.275 Missouri Kansa? & Texas prefd 274
220 New Jersey Central 133
S20 New York Central 127
Norfolk & Western 33%
Norfolk & Western prefd 74
7.E00 Northern Pacific 48T4
3S0 Northern Pacific prefd 6"H
lKi Ontario Si Western ..} 20
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
8,200 Pennsylvania 127%
fcOO Reading 15V
9,400 Reading 1st prefd 65%
Heading 2d prefd 234
Rio Grande Western 63
lilo Grande Western prefd ..i 90
St Louis & Fan Fran 8*»
Et Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 63
€10 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 22%
100 St Louis Southwestern 114
700 St Louis Southwestern prefd 26%.
«.45O St Paul .113'i
St Paul prefd 173
6t Paul & Omaha 119
400 Southern Pacific 31%
170 Southern Railway 11
1,615 Southern Railway prefd 82
100 Texas & l'acitic 144
14.720 Union Pacific 66%
£00 Union Pacific prefd .; 73
2T.0 Wabash 6*.
D00 Wabasn prefd .'. >... nit
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie &£
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 22%
Wisconsin Central 10
Third Avenue ,.J ioju
Kxiiress Companies—
140 Adams jjl -
....... American " '"""150
United States ."..".".".".'.'."."!'."' 45
Wells Fargo ...123
Miscellaneous— . -
American Cotton Oil j3
American Cotton Oil prefd 80
American Malting 4
American Malting prefd " 21Vi
*00 American Smelting & Refining 36%
400 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... 88%
American Spirits jil
....... American Spirits prefd ' 17
SCO American Steel Hoop........ jgu
....... American Steel Hoop prefd 644
2,000 American Steel & Wire joii
f50 American Steel & Wire prefd.. . 7iVi
400 American Tin Plate 26
150 American Tin Plate prefd ".." " 79
13,350 American Tobacco" 8$«
American Tobacco prefd 12S
Anaconda Mining Co ] 42
13.400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit.! GO%
100 Colorado Fuel & Iron. ; 31'
2.715 Continental Tobacco " 24^4
E70 Continental Tobacco prefd .""' 734
630 Federal Steel ; 31%
Federal Steel prefd ~: 6^4
200 General Klectric .M344
Glucose £ug;ar 43*;
....... Glucose Sugar prefd jsk
International Paper 174
International Paper prefd 664
; Laclede Gas $g'
100 -National Biscuit 32
National Hiscuit prefd 8a
110 National Lead •.....¦.. ; 17
National Lead prefd ; M
tOO National Steel , J4%
•....¦... National Steel prefd 8l'
¦100 New York Air Brake.. 119
North American ;. 14JA
....... Pacific Coaet , 63
Pacific Coast let prefd... 80
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
... Pacific Mall 29
10,450 People's Gas .......:...: 844
....... Pressed Steel Car :...... 34
....... .Pressed Steel Car prefd.. 70H
The excessive speculative Inflation of last
fall hag no parallel In this market. But the
consensus of opinion among bankers points to
an active money market later In the season,
and this prospect .enjoins caution in . specula
tive commitments. Bankers avow their In
tention to give first attention to the needs of
their business customers and they expect time
money to loan at 6 per cent. Time loans now
maturing are put into call loans to be readily
available, which gives en illusory ease to the
call money market. The bankers argue that
much business held In abeyance until after
election will make' an active demand for money
at that time. It is clear also that the interior
demand for money Ib rather below the normal
than above It, as had been expected. This Is
due to the higher prices of cotton and grains,
making necessary large sums of money to ef
fect the marketing of crops.
which th« bear account ha4 attained made it
vulnerable to attack, and when the probability
became known of a settlemrnt of the anthracite
coal miners' strike, thers was a powerful and
influential combination of speculators. ready to
take quick advantage of it and help the upturn
acainst the bears by every manipulative device
known to the professional.
The ready rout of the boars served to detract
much from the prestige of that party, as it
Indicated a lack of confidence in their position
not calculated to Invite a large following.
Manipulation of the stock loan department of
the exchange played a powerful part in the
¦week's campaign by the bulls, and stocks
which hax-e been abundant in the loan depart
ment on advantageous .erms were called in on
a large scale, thu* compelling the shorts to buy
the stocks to cover their contracts. Tens of
thousands of shares of ttock were bought in
for this purpose, the bulls bidding up prices
vigorously in competitiin with the distressed
ehorts and adding materiality to their dlffl
cultles. The elimination of so large a short In
terest has weakened the technical position of
the market to a material extent. The money
outlook has been lost sUht of largely during
the week, but still remains the dominant factor
in the stock market outlook. The downward
plunge in sterling exchange rates under tha
large •fferings of bills against .cotton and grain
exports has given - rise to renewed conjecture
regarding the . possibility cf gold Imports, but
the London and Continental discount rates
have- risen promptly In response, showing that
a movement of gold to New York would be re
sisted. News on Friday of a shipment of
$4,000,000 in gold from Australia to San Fran
cisco suggested a source of additional relief
for the money market. i
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull: winter patents. $3 90®4 10; straights, $3 20
@3 SO; clears. $3 20©3 60; spring specials, $4 70;
patents, $3 60@4 10: straights, $3 10©3 60; bakers'
$2 30@2 80; No. 3 spring wheat, 75@77 1 / bC; No. 4
red, 7«®78c; No. 2 corn, 38%@39%o: No. 2 yel
low. 39@3D%c; No. 2 oats, 224e; No. 2 white,
2CS27c; No. 3 white, 24®25V4c; No. 2 rye. 514c;
fair to choice malting, 54@57c; No. 1 flaxseed.
$1 474; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 474; prime tim
othy seed. $4 30@4 46; mess pork, per barrel,
$12 20@12 25: lard, per 100 pounds. $7 124®7 15;
short-rib sides (loose). $3 10@8 25; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). $6 25@6 374: short clear Bides
(boxed), $8 20@8 30: whisky, basis of high, wines,
$1 27; sugars, unchanged.
'Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels „ ..20,000 20,000
Wheat, bushels 303,000 673,000
Corn, bushels E82.00O 199,000
Oats, bushels 270,000 ' 371.000
Rye. bushels 6,000 2.000
Barley, bushels 67,000 44,000
• On the Produce Exchange to-day- the butter
market was dull: creamery, 16@214c; dairy,
lS@18c. Cheese, dull, 10%@ll%c. Eggs, nrm;
freah. 164c
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. ¦ 1—
September .... 76*4-75% 76%
October... 7«tt 7614 75% 76V«
November !.. 77*4 77'A 76^4 77
Corn No. 2—
September 40 40 38% 39
October 39U 39% 33V4 38H
Ncvember 36% 36 % 36^ . 36*,
Oats No. 2—
September 21% 21T4 21% ¦ 21%
October 21% , 22 81% 21%
November 22% 22% 22%, 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel— <
October ....12 20 12 SO i 12 20 12 21 '
November 1133 1135 1130 1135
January ..... ..1155 1170 1155 11 60
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October.... 7 124-7 15 7 074 7 074
November 7 074 • 7 10 7 03 7 05
January 6 80 6 824 6 774 6 80
Short Ribs,- per 100 pounds—
September 8 374 8 374 7 874 7 874
October ."...¦.: 7 SO . 7 824 7 774 7 80
January ...6 20 6 25 6 20 6 20
Silver continues to improve. Exchange as before.
Spot Wheat lower and weak. Barley firm.
Oats and Rye quiet. No Corn offering.
Beans weaker and coming in freely. Seeds nominal.
Hay and Feedstuff s firm and unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Eggs firm, with an advance in Eastern Eggs.
Game season for all kinds opens to-morrow.
A car of Bananas in from New Orleans.
Watermelons nwving off well again.
Wine Grapes easy under larger receipts.
Bartlett Pears almost out. Peaches poor:
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions firm* and in good demand.
Wool neglected, with lower Eastern markets.
Hop's firm, with growers holding off. Hides quiet.
Tallow firm, with a good export demand. .
Xo further change in the Meat market.
Local bank clearings show a loss in September.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher M 1600 Mexican S5
400 Best A Belcher 32 100Q Ophlr S3
4CO Chollar 20 200'Ophlr M
SCO Crown Point.... 13 300 Overman 11
700 Gould & Curry. 33 100 Overman 12
600 Gould & Curry. 34 200 Potosi 20
40O Hale & Norcra. 26 700 Potosi 51
MO Hale 4c Norcra. 27 30O Sierra Nevada. 33
'CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Sept. 23—13 m.
.. . BId.Aak. Bid.Aak.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 06 07
Alta 02 04 Kentuclt 03 04
Andes 07 03 Lady Wash,.... — 03
Belcher IS 19 Mexican 34 S3
Best & Belcher H 32 Occidental ..... 07 0%
Bullion 02 01 Ophir 56 67
Caledonia 42 43 Overman ....... 11 12
Chollar 21 22 Potosi 20 21
Challenge Con. 20 13 Sa vase 17 IS
Confidence 75 ,77 Scorpion C2 —
Con Cal & Va.l 2o J'23 Seg Delcher 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 32 33
Con New York. 01 — Stiver Hill S8 SS
Eureka — 45 St Louis ll —
Crown Point.... 12 13 Standard — 4 15
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate <H —
Oould A Curry. 34 36 Union Con 20 21
Hal» & Norcrs. 27 23 Utah 04 05
Julia 03 04 Yellow Jacket.. 23 £3
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William and Mary E. Tracy, Ann M. Whar
tenby Robinson (wife of V. O.) to Mary 0.
Grant, lot on SE corner of Laguna and McAl
lister streets, S 120. E 27:6, N SO, B 27:8, N 60,
W 65; $10.
Zoeth s. Eldridge to Prances W. Eldrid?«
(wife). lot on N Mn« of Broadway. 13* 8 W
of Baker. W 77:3 by N 137:8; gift.
Eugene A. or Eugene Brelling to Christina
Brelllng. all interest In lot on N lin* of Ford
street. 1»* E of Noe, E 25 by N 114: $3.
Isaline M. Power to Power Estate Company
lot on S Una of Army street. 240
E of Sanchex. E 25 by S HI: $300.
Louiaa J. Cannon tc James J. and Oathertn*
E. Wilson, lot on N line of Jersey street, 136:3
W of Diamond. W 23 by N 114: $10.
G. T. Smith. A. H. Paul and W. H. Schmidt
to G. H. Francis, all Interest la lot on NW
corner of Fourth and Brannan streets. W 80
by N 30; also property outslda of county; $100.
Charles S. and Llllle 9. Kapp to Harry L.
Horn, lot on W lino of Eighth avenue. 10O S
of Clement street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Alameda County.
Cury «nd Fanny K. Howard to G««t*9 B.
Pratt, all that portion of lot U. block F. lying
S of dividing line between Weston Tract and
Alton Park, being a resabdlvision of Weston
Tract, Oakland: $10.
Snme to same, lot X and so much Of lot T
is lies S of line dividing the W#aton Tract
from Alton Park Tract. Oakland: $10.
Henry and Rosa Mohr to Susan Potter, lot
on N line of Wallace avenue (or Twenty-elghta
street), 165 W of Grove. W 23 by N 140. being
lot 3. block D. on map of Henry subdivision
of Whltcher, Brockhurst and Roland Tracts.
Oakland; $10.
Julia Neubaumer to Henry A. Pleiraer. lot
10. block D. Frultvale Station Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Frances and George G. Orr to Cosmopolitan
Mutual Buildtnc and Loan Association, lot on
NE corner jf Saratoga avenue, and Plymouth
street. E 80, N 130, W 80, S to beginning, being
lots 1 and 2. block 1. Amended Map Moss
Tract. Brooklyn Township; CO.
William and Catherine Murdoch to John H.
Foster, lot on E line of Curtis street. 73 S of
Twenty-first. 9 25 by E 100. being lot 24. block
300. Oakland; $10.
Pullman Palace Car 1S2
•••¦•" Standard Rope & Twine 4%
10,150 Sugar ...".. 116$
...;... Sugar prefd ; 114
630 Tennessee Coal &Iron 65
850 United States Leather.. _10>4
SSO United States Leather prefd 66»fc
200 United States Rubber 28'4
100 United States Rubber prefd 92#
Western Union 78Vi
Republic Iron & Steel 10%
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 61%
•• P C C & St Louis 47%
135,900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDB.
U B 2s refunding, L, & Nash unl 4s.. 98%
. when issued, reg.104 N Y Cent Ists 108H
do coup 104^4 N J Cent jren Be... 122ft
do 3s reg .........109*4 No Pac Is .'... C3%
do coup 109% do 4s 103H
do new 4a reg....l34H N Y C t St L 4s. .107^2
do coup 134V4 Norf &. W con 4s.. 98
do old 4s reg H4H Or Nav Ists 109
<Jo coup 115% do 4s :H)2
do 5a. reg 11314 Or S Line 6s 127%
do coup u;i; do con Es 113
Die of Col 3.GEs in Reading gen 4s ... 86H
Atchlson gen. 4s ..10074 R G W Ists 98%
do adj'ls X5% St L & I M con fcs.Uitt
Can So 2ds Irs St L & S F gen 6s. 122%
Ches & Ohio 4',4s.. SSV4 St Paul cons 168
do 5s US St PC & Pac 1BU.117H
C & NW con 7s. ...139 do 6s .; 118%
do 8 F deb 6s. ...120 So Pac 4s 77
Chi Term 4s 91 So Ry 6s ......... ..10»H
Colo So 4s 79 S Rope & T 6 66
D & R G lsU ....103 Tex & Pao Ists 113
do 4a- »7% do 2ds 60
Erie gen 4s 68 Union Pac 4s ......104H
Ft W & D C lsts.. 72 Wabash Ists ....;. .117%
Gen Elec 6s 118 do^2ds 101
Iowa Cent lsta ...113 West Shore 4s 112>.i
M K & T 2ds ...... 65 Wls Cent lets 83
do 4a 91% Va cent 89%
. MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ,.. 15 Ontario • TOO
Crown Point 10 Plymouth 12
Con Cal & Va 1 05 Quicksilver l«60
Deadwood 45 Do prefd 6 50
Gould & Curry.... 30 Sierra Nevada..... 30
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Standard 4 00
Homestake 65 00 Union Con 16
Iron Silver... 65 Yellow Jacket .... 20
Mexican 23 ,
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
1 MohVy— ¦Vji.Y. Union Pacific 56%
Call loans ..3@4 West End 91%
1 Time loans 4@5 Westingh Eleo ... 38
Stocks— Wls Cent 10
A T & St Fe 27% Bonds-
Do prefd 6SU Atchison 99
American Sugar. ..116% N E G & Coke 5s. 60
Do prefd 114 Mining Shares—
Amer Tel I36' ; fc Adventure 3%
Boston & Albany.. 245 Allouez Min Co 1%
Boston L 14S' Amal Copper 85
Boston & Maine... 187 Atlantic 22V4
Chi Bur & Q 122% Boston & Mont.... 316
Dominion Coal .... 38 Butte & Boston .. 53
Do prefd ..110 Calumet & Hecla.. 745
Federal Steel 32 Centennial 14
Do prefd 6214 Franklin :. 13«4
Fitchburg prefd ..136 Humboldt ".. 23
Gen Electric 134% Osceola 63^4
Do prefd 1391b Parrotf >»... 42>,i
Ed Elec 111 210 Quincy 142
Mexican Central... 10%j Santa Fe Copper.. 4
Michigan Tel 85 Tamarack 228
N E Gas & Coke".. 10H Utah Mining ...... 29<-i
Old Dominion .... 17 iWlnona 2^4
Rubber 29 I Wolverines 89
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Sept 29.-Wheat was dull." Liver
pool was %d lower at the close, ' the : weather
In 1 the Northwest clear and a Jones cable put
the week's ' Danublan : shipments ' at 1,736,000
bushels and the world's shipments at 8,000,000
bushels. : October opened at TCic to 76c, and
on selling by eleventh-hour longs dropped to
75%o- On the dip elevator interests bought and
October recovered to 76Vic, closing steady, H@
hie lower at 76@76Hc
Qorn .was dull and weak on heavy receipts.
There was plenty .for : sale all day and the
demand was slack. October closed %c lower
at 8SHc -
Oats were very dull. October closed a shade
lower. at 21%c. .
Provisions were quiet, but the market showed
a rtrong undertone based on a '¦ demand from
shorts and fair i buying by outside interests.
The range of prices was narrow and the close
unchanged from yesterday all around. . * y'-y-
The leading: futures ranged as follows:
FOR SATURDAY. .SEPTEMBER 29.
Flour, qr sks .... 23.S73 l^uicksilver. flsks 17S
Wheat, ctls 550 Lime, bbls 182
Barley, ctls 9.82C Hides, no 367
Oats, ctls 1.05;: Pelts, bdls ........ 245
Butter, ctls 177 Hops, bales 319
Cheese, ctls 8? Wool, bags 63
Tallow, ctls 252 Shorts, sks 23
Wine, gals 8,250 Bran, sks 375
Sugar, bbls 350 Middlings, tons.. 1.303
Sugar, sks 2,650 Hay. tons 600
Leather, rolls .... 224 Onions, sks 2,143
Eggs, doz 9.300 Potatoes, sks .... S.8S9
Raisins, bxs 2,000 Beans, sks 6,676
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 7.05c; Powdered, «.65c: Candy
Granulated, 6.65c; Dry Granulated. C.5oc; Con
fectioners' A. 6.55c; Magnolia A. 6.15c; Extra
C. 6.05c: Golden C, C.95c; barrels, 10c more;
half-barrels, 25c more: boxes. 60c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominoes, half
barrels. 7.20c: boxes. 7.55c per lb.
RICE— China mixed. $4 25@4 30: No. 1. $4 70®
4 85: extra. JMa 50; Japanese. J1W@3 60; Louis
iana. %V.t~; Hawaiian. $1 75 per ctl.
.SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, tn ICO-Ib bags:
COAL — Wellington, S3 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington, $9-«£eattle, $7; Bryant, $7; Coos Bay,
$5 60; WalMKnd, $9; Co-operative Wailsend. $3;
Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 23 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Cannel. JLJ
per ton: Coke, $16 per ton In bulk and SIS In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. SS 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton. according to brand.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags. S3 85; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6*ic: Wool Bags, 28i4t»32He; Fleece
Twine, 7%c; Fruit Bags. 6%@6%c for white and
8%@S%c for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5}Jc for small, 5^95X0 for
medium and 6«i®5Hc for large;) stock Hogs and
feeders. MjSUc; dressed Hogs. 7H©3ttc
All • kinds remain as previously quoted.
BEEF— «%€«c for Steers and 4H®5c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Lance, 7©«c: small. 7©9o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7ti«Sc; ewes, 7©7tfc per
pound.
LAMB-808HC per Jb.
San, Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9@9%c; medium, 8Hc: light, 8c: Cow
hides. 8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 888Hc: Dry
Hides. 18c; culls, 12e: Dry Kip. 15c: Dry Calf.
15c; culls and brands, 12c; Sheepskins. Shear
lings, 15®25c each; short Wool, 3O@4Oc each;
medium, E0®70c; long Wool. 75c@$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. 12112 25 for large. $1 75 for medium.
$1 for small and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry,
SI 60 for large. SI IS for medium. SI for small
and 256500 for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, SOc; winter
or thin skins. m4!g20c. Goatskins-Prima An
goras, TSc: large and smooth, £0c; medium, 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4Hc per lb; No.
2, 3©3%c; grease, 2©2Hc
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 13©16c; Northern, defective. 12®
14c; Middle County, free, 14@lSc; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12® 14c: Southern Mountain. 12
months'. 9@10c: Southern Mountain. fre«, 7
months'. 11© 12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months*. 8®llc; Humboldt and Mendacino, 13
©17c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6HO8c; do Lambs', S
©9c: Middle County. 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— HVfci&HHc per lb.
The situation has not changed during the
pact two or three days. Hides are quiet. Tal
low rules flrm,"Wool Is neglected, with weaker
Eastern markets, and Hops are stiff, with
growers holding off for another rise.
Hides, Tallozv/lVool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. Z%o: three
half -barrels, 8Hc; one tierce, 8Ho; two tierces.
Si Vic; Hve tierces, SHo per lb. *
pound and 9>4c - for pure; . half -barrels, pure,
9Vic; 10-lb tins, 10c; 5-Ib tins, lO^c.
Cured meats closed the -week firm and in
good demand. ¦ ¦ ¦ ».• ¦. - •
•CURED- MEATS— Bacon,. 'lie' per - : lb ¦ tof
heavy, HVSc for light medium, l!c for light, I3ftc
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern EUgar-cured Hams, lt\ic. Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl: extra) Mess, $13: Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork, $15 SO; extra clear, {It; Mesa. SIS 50;
Smoked Beef. 12H®13o per lb. . /„•>.:.
. LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for 'com-
Provisions.
More Chestnuts came In, this time from Llv
ermore.'j Otfterwlse there is nothing new In this
market, . Nuts. Raisins ! and Honey being firm
and In demand and fruits quiet. ' ; - • •
FRUITS— Prunes, Kanta Claras, 4 sizes, 8c ;
40-60s, 7c; 50-608, 5%c; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s, 3%c;
80-90s. ,2Hc; 90^1008, 214c:- 100s and over. 2c;
rubles. He. premium; Sonomas, He and San
Joaquins He less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand th« same. Apricots. 6
38c for Royals and 10@ll%o for Moorparka;
Evaporated - Apples. 5@6e; sun-dried, 3@4c;
Peaches. 5@5Hc for standard. 6.fiC<£c for choice
and 7©Sc for fancy: Pears. 3&7C: Plums, pitted,
5®6V4c ; unpitted, 191Hc : Nectarines, 5@5%c for
red and 5%@6i# for white. ¦„¦
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached fancy,
12c per lb: choice, -lie; 'Standard, $%c; prime,
8c; unbleached, Thompson" s\ 9c per lb. Sul
tanas—Fancy. lOtto per lb; choice. 9tfc; stand
ard. 8%c ; prime. 8c : Unbleached Sultanas. 8c ;
Seedless. 50-lb boxes, 6%c; 2-crown loose Mus
catels, 6c; i-crown. 6%.e; 4-crown. 7o: London
Layers, 2-crown, $1 60 per box; 8-crown, SI 80;
Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; imperial. $3.
*A11 crlces f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California. : ¦ ¦ -¦¦¦••
NUTS Chestnuts,-- 15o per - lb; Walnuts.
No.'. 1 softshell. lie; No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell.
10c ; : No. 2, 7%c ; . Almonds, 15©16c for paper
shell. 11C12%C for softshell; Peanuts, 6@6c for
Eastern: Briuil • Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. ll(©13c: Cocoa nuts. S3 50® 5. *
. HONEY— Comb. 13%©14Hc for bright and 12H
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7%©8c: light amber extracted, 7®7%c; dark, 6
©614c per tt>." -
BEESWAX— 24026c per lb;
A car of New Orleans Bananas arrived. It
came on a good market, aa stocks were ¦well
cleaned up, and there will be no more from
the Islands before the 9th.
There are very few BartlWt Pears seen now.
and the few Peaches coming in are poor. Sup
plies of Plums are also light.
Table Grapes ape doing a shade better. Melons
are firm, and Watermelons are selling more
rapidly, owing to the warm weather.
Apples are In heavy supply.
-Wine Grapes continue easy, as receipts last
week were large.
A few Blackberries came in and sold at $7
per chest
DEC1DUOU3 FRUITS
APPLES—25050c per box for common and
60c«$l for good to choice.
PEARS — Bartlett, nominal; other varieties,
40c!?$l per box.
QUINCES-25^S0c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $8 25@8 50: Wis
consin. $8 per bbl; Coos Bay. $2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES — %2 EOfiS per chest for large
and $6*38 for small berries.
. RASPBERRIES— U 60<3« per chest.
PERSIMMONS— Nominal.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 607c per lb.
POMEGRANATES— 30@60o per small box and
$1 25® 1 BO per large box.
PLUMS— 25©50c per box and 60@75c per crate.
GRAPES— Muscat, S9@63c per crate; black, S3
065c- Tokay, 40®73c; Isabella, 40@75c; Corni
chon,' 60@75c: Wine Grapes, $15!R20 for white.
120© 22 50 for Mission and S22 60<g25 per ton for
Zinfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 15@fi5c per case; Canta
loupes, 75c@$l 25 'per crate: Watermelons, . $S®
18, with extra large at $20@25 per 100.
CITRUS FKU1TS*— Seedling Oranges. »1©1 50;
Valendas, $164; Lemons. $1 50@2 60 for com
mon and $3<5'3 BO for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $5@5 BO; Bananas, $1 60<&2 60 per
bunch; Pineapples, $1 5O@3 60 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nttts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The views of dealers regarding Butter are
widely at variance.; Some report a duller mar
ket, as buyers have shifted from fresh to the
cheaper held goods, and they | think that the
top has been reached. Others look for a further
advance this week, provided the market is not
forced up too fast. At present stocks are
light
Cheese stands the same.
Eggs are aa before, except Eastern, which
are hicher. The feeling la firm In all classes
of these goods. :-. ; . — *' «t
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 28%©29c; Sec
onds, 27Vi<32Sc.
Dairy— Fancy. 25®26c; good to choice, 23@24c;
common, 2O6j22c. a
Creamery tub- ! 2C®22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19©2ic.
Firkin-lS@19c. »./-.;
Storage goods— 22U@24c
CHEESE— New, 9® 10c; old, SSSHc; Young
America, 10®10&c; Eastern, 13V4©14c; Western.
10® 12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 204325c for store and 30@35c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18@25c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry closed the week auletly at the low
prices, though there was - not much carried
over.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gobblers
and 12@l3o for Hens: Young Turkeys,, 14^l6c;
Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50: Goslings. $1 50f|l 73;
Ducks. $3@4 for old and $3 50®4 50 for young:
Hens. $3 60<S5; Young Roosters, $4@4 60; Old
Roosters, $3 50®4; Fryers, $3®3 80: Broilers,
$3@3 25 for large and $2@2 60 for small: Pigeons,
$1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50@2 for Squabs.
GAME— English Snipe, $2®2 60; Jack Snipe,
$1 2o@l 50; Doves, <jOS75c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits. $1 2501 50: Brush Rabbits, $1; Hare,
$1 25@1 60- Grouse, $S@3; Sage Hens, $2; Moun
tain Quail, $3@3 SO per dozen.
All kinds of Game will be in season to-mor
row. ' .
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75c@$l per sack
and 40S65c per crate; Green 'Peas, 2@4c per
lb; Strins: Beans, l®Z^c; Llmaa. lttSSc per
lb; ! Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes. Bay. 25'g50c;
Egg Plant, 30@50c per box; Green Okra, 25@40c:
Green Peppers, Z5@40c per box for Chill and 40
©50c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 10§15c: Carrots,
25*3350 per sack; Summer Squash, 30@5Oc for
Alameda; Cucumbers, 25®40a for Alameda;
Pickles, $1@1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50@7oc
for No. 2; Garlic. So per lb; Marrowfat Squash.
$7® 10 per ton. •
A car of Merced Eweots sold at the quota
tion. Choice Onions are rather firm, but poor
stock drags. Corn is almost out and the few
lots coming in are wormy and otherwise poor.
Tomatoes -are weaker again.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 35® 40c : Burbanks,
40® 60c for Rivers and 75c@$l 05 per ctl for Sa
linas; Sweets, 75c@$l for Rivers and $1 23 for
ONIONS— C0©70c per ctl: Pickle Onions, 35
<gG0e:
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, 3\©4c; Yellow
Mustard. 4%®5o; Flax, $282 50; Canary. 8%o
per Ib for California and 4o for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, ZU@3c; Hemp, 4@4^c;
Timothy. 4@4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 25®1 75; Green, $189
02 06 per ctl; Blackeye, $1 60.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans are now coming In freely and the tone
is still, weaker in consequence. Seeds remain
neelected and nominal.
BEANS— Bayos, $2@2 40; Small White, $3 30®
3 60; Large White, $2 20@2 SO; Pink, $2 400
2 60; Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye. $3 50; Lima. $5 15®
5 25; Pea, 53 75 ® 4; Red Kidneys, $3 25® 3 50.
Hay and Feedstufta . remain "firm, but un
changed. Receipts of the former, are lighter
than they were, and are likely to decrease
from now on. It Is reported that there are
large consignments of Bran en route here from
the North, though the report Is thus far un
verified.
BRAN— $16©17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- S19@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $18017 E0 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; jobbing
$27 E0@28; Cocoanut Cake, $20921; Cora Meal
|26©27; Cracked Corn. $28 50&27 50; Mixed Feed
S13 50014. . .
HAY— Volunteer. $5@7 50; Wheat, $10013;
Wheat and Oat, $10® 12: Oat, $S 60®ll;
Clover, $4@6; Alfalfa. $637 50; Barley, J7®»
per *ton.
STRAW— 30@37%c per bale.
r . Beans and Seeds, ;
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. S3 «0®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers* Extras. . $3 40©3 SO;
Oregon and Washington, $2 7503 10 per barrel
for family and J3 15©3 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
$4 75@5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in aacka are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. S3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Ry»
Meal, $2 60: Rice Flour. *7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60: Oat Groats, $4 60; Hom
iny, $3 E0@3 75; ' Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, 13 60; Farina. . 14 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, S3 25; Rolled Oata (barrels). $t>±»
T 25; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, 15; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
.*.• CALL BOARD SALES: - '-
- Informal Sessslon— December — 2000 ' ctls, 76c
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. •
OATS— Offerings 'continue liberal and,, the
market is dull' at unchanged quotations.
White, $1 13&1 30: Surprise. SI 35< tf i 40; Red.
$1 10@l 20; Gray. U 1031 20; Black, for feed.
U lOffl 13; for seed, $1150120 per ctl.
CORN— None offerlre. liOta/siaamm
' RYE— 90(392V4c per ctl.
. BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
70©72Hc for off. grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, S0@S5c; Chevalier, nominal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1900.
Chicago, Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL
TVheat— ¦ • Dec.
Opening 6 3'i
Closing 6 3Vi
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. -April.
Opening 2160
Closing '.. 2153
Flour-
Opening 87 60
Closing — . 27 60
THt STOCK MARKET. *
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
39
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
California Fruit Sales.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leare Broadway
•b^ • wharf, San Francisco:
VtV»— _ For Alaskan Ports— U a m
K2Pf*SS!»k September 23. Oct. 4. 8. Change
K^JJji^yifc). to company's steamers at se-
5Jj|)3sSjrai For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
HEa*BS£!?5ll C.). Port Townsend, Seattle.
Taooma . Everett. Anacurte*
and New 1 Whatcom (Wash.),
11 a. m.. September W, Oct. 4.
8 and every fifth day thereafter. Chang* at
Seattle to this company's steamers for A'aska
and G. N. R"y; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P
R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
Fcr Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Septem-
ber 30, Oct. 8. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa. Barbara. Port
¦¦ Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a.
ni.. September 30, Oct. 4. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
C09. Port Harforil (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
, Panta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. September 28, Oct. 2, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Josa del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guayznas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to Changs
steamers, sailing dates and hours of Balling
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. On. Arants.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:fo rtlan id
From apear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CA DC $12 First Class. Including Berth
IMFI L. 58 Second Class. and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Sept. SO
COLUMBIA sails Oct. S
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
El. C. ward. General Airent.
CO Market it.
GOODALL. PERKIX3 £ CO..
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
oonnectlns at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board -on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. October 17, 1300
SS. HONGKONG MARU
„ Tuesday. November 13. 1300
88. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. December I. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Ac«ot.
AMERICAN LINE.
HSW TOOK. 80TJTHAXPT0H, LOSDON. FA&I3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westtjound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Bt. Louis Oct. S[St Louis Oct. U
New York. Oct. 10 New York Oct. M
St. Paul Oct. 17' St. Lonts Nov. 14
RED STAR LINE.
New York and AntwerD.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Frlesland ..Oct. 31 Kensington Oct. 14
Southwark Oct. 10| Noordland Oct. 31
Westernland ....Oct. 17( Southwark Nov. 14
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery Street._
COXFAQNIE G2SERALS TBJ3SATL13TIQ73.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m+j^
Sailins every Thursday. Inst^t! of <3^ftrT%
Saturday, from November i. !«:•;>. ato4»ob
10 a. 4X1., from Pier 43, North River, foot of
Morton street. LA TOURAINE, Oct. 4;
I/AQUITAINE. Oct. 11: LA LORRAINE. Oct.
18: LA BRETAONB. Oct. tS. First class to
Havre. *"»5 and upward. Second class to Havre.
$42 50 and upward. GENERAL. AGENCY FOR
TNITED STATES and CANADA, 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J.F. FUOAZI
lc CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
0CEANIC8.S. CO^-HONOHIUJ, APU .
AUCKIiA>~D AND SYDNEY.
S. S MOANA (via Honolulu) to JJ«w Zea-
land and Australia. Wed.. Oct 3. 9 p. m.
S S QUEEN (Honolulu only>
Wednesday. Oct. 17. ISOfl. S p. m.
S."S. AUSTRALIA to Tahiti ;
. v ....... Thursday. Nov., 1. * P. M.
L 0. SPRECXELS & BROS. CO.. Aqls.. 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Oulco. 327 Market St
BAY AND RIVER STEAJHERS.
Steamer " MontJcello."
UON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:13, 3:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nisht); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. t
p. m. Landlne and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE ....: .....; .JO*
AUCTION SALES
fe* I Will Sell at Public Anction fes
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER S. 1900
At U O'clock A. M.
Fifty heajl of well-bred young horses, fit for
all purposes, now on exhibition at J. D.
Horan'a Stock Yards, corner Tenth and Bryant
sts. Tfij Is a splendid lot of stock; intendlns
purchasers will do well to call and examine
this stock.
Take Market-st. can and transfer to Eighth;
also Post and Montgomery-st cars pasa the
yards. • S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.The Republican National Committee re
ceived a letter the other day from a man
who claims to be the counterpart of the
President in appearance and he offered to
take his place either at Washington or
Canton -while the real Mr. McKinley had
a chance to go off to some quiet place a-.d
take a few weeks' rest.
Under the will of the late Arsenio Tsi
doro de Ygual y Fol, who died at the age
of 54 years at Solares, Spain, leaving an
immense fortune, every man. woman and
child whose legal residence is at Arnuero,
Spain, will enjoy a portion of his wealth.
A copy of decedent's will was filed for
probate in this city yesterday, decedent
havir.g left property here valued at $25 030
After providing for his mother-in-law.
Dona Jesusa Rivera y Trielas, and several
heirs at law, deceased inserted the fol
lowing clause In his testament:
'To all the Inhabitants of Arnuero ac
cording to the age they may have when
the testator dies, shall take the following
sums: Twenty-five pesetas to all under 25
years of age. 50 pesetas to all between 25
and oO years, 100 pesetas to all above 50'
years. The above payments are to be
made within four months after his death
and must be handed personally to all who
have reached the age of six years, with
out intervention of parents or husbands
even if they accompany their children or
wives, respectively."
Spanish Capitalist Bemembers Every
Man, Woman and Child of
That City.
MADE BEQUESTS TO ALL ,
CITIZENS OF ASNTTERO
As there was no encampment of the Na
tional Guard of California during the cur
rent year the money that was appro
priated for that purpose is still in the
fund, and unless it is used before the last
day of next July it will revert to the gen
eral fund of the Stale. It is said now
that in order to make use of that appro
priation a camp, cr several camps, will be
ordered for next June. It is not yet de
cided if there will be a division camp or
three brigade camps.
There will soon be an election for colonel
of the First Regiment of Infantry to suc
cted the late Colonel Duboce. whose
death occurred a few weeks ago. Lieu
tenant Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil and
Charles Boxton. who was a major in the
old First and returned to this city ad lieu
l tenant colonel of the First California Vol
unteers, are the candidates for the posi
tion. At the time when O'Neil was in line
of promotion Uoxtcn was put forward as
a candidate. It is the old fight between
the companies In the Ellis street armory
and those of the Page street armory. As
the matter stands now it is asJcrted that
the officers of the Page street armory are
nearly solid for O'Neil. and if that is the
case he will be the next colonel. Should
that be the outcome there will be a va
cancy in the lieutenant colonelcy, and as
the promotion will be from the majors in
the regiment that will create one vacancy
for major. In the event of that contin
gency Lieutenant Harry F. McGurren
will be put forward as a candidate for
that position. It is probable that Major
Connelly will be elected lieutenant colonel
if O'Neil is promoted.
There is a peculiar condition of affairs in
Company M of the First Regiment. In
February last Thomas F. O'Neil was
elected captain of the company, W. L.
Wall was elected first lieutenant and
Richard Cailopy second lieutenant of the
company. In due time O'Neil and Cailopy
each received his* commission, but there
was not any for Wall. Several excuses
were offered for the non-appearance of
Wall's commission, one being that illness
in the family of the commander in chief
prevented him from attending to such
matters; then the excuse was that the
commander in chief was in the East. On
July 10 last O'Neil was elected lieutenant
colonel of the First and Wall was elected
captain. Cailopy first lieutenant and Ser
geant F. W. Newbert second lieutenant of
Company M. Since then Cailopy has re
ceived his commission, but neither Wall
nor Newbert have received theirs, and in
a communication relative to official busi
ness th<> office at Sacramento announced
that Cailopy alone was recognized. A day
or two since documents intended for the
company were sent to the home of Cailopy
from the Sacramento office, directed "Lieu
tenant Cailopy. commanding Company
M." Wall by virtue of his election has
been performing the duties of captain and
Is so recognized by the men. while the
Sacramento office recognizes Cailopy as
commander. Wall has passed a satisfac
tory examination before the board as to
his qualifications as first lieutenant, alfo as
captain. He- holds a responsible position
in the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
and so far as is known to the members of
the company or to the officers of the regi
ment there is nothing against his charac
ter as a. soldier or as a citizen. The com
pany is very anxious to know who is the
commanding officer and why commissions
have been withheld from a man who has
twice been elected by them. The only rea
son, if the party is qualified, that the com
mander in chief can offer for withholding
his signature from a commission is that
"in his opinion the person elected is un
worthy to be an officer In the National
Guard." No such opinion has been ex
pressed to show that Wall is unworthy to
be an officer of the National Guard
There has been much inquiry of late as to
the time when the several companies of
the guard are to be inspected, in accord
ance with the law that there shall be an
inspection once a year. Although the office
of the adjutant general at Sacramento has
1 been communicated with several times on
this subject no response has been re
ceived. These Inspections are usually held
In June of each year.
By regimental orders No. 12 of the Fifth
Infantry seven men have been discharged
from the service on account of removal,
one at the expiration of the term of ser
vice and one for the good of the service.
In the same regiment Corporal S. C. B.
King has been promoted sergeant of Com
pany A. and Privates P. G. Betts and
Don A. Valentine have been advanced to
corporals of the same company. George
W. Mclver has been promoted from cor
poral to sergeant of Company I. and Pri
vate W. P. Thorn has been appointed a
corporal.
Contest for Colonelcy of tin
First Infantry
Regiment.
Queer State of Affairs in Compan;
M, First Infantry, Commissions
Being Withheld From
W. L. Wall.
MILITARY CAMP
MAY BE HELD
IN JUNE NEXT
sworn, and examined. All denied that
they were prejudiced against the defend
ant. A. continuance till next Saturday
was ordered. . ¦.
¦•..W.'i H."' Mills will arrive in \ the s city from
Paris ; to-morrow.*; -He > has Cbeen absent
since ,la"st'« February ,'\wheh he went 1 abroad
.to^supervise ..the V installation" Qf Itha " «s
.hibit i collected ' iby.V the •.- Southern ;.Paciflx:
Company, in - conjunction - with i the 3 State
Board,of. Trade, at the Paris Exposition.
He was assisted abroad ' by J. A. Filcher,
W. H. Mills Coming From Paris.
. The : matter, 'was ; reported 'to Sheriff
Gregory and he made a thorough investi
gation.:.; He i found . that • Focade - had. lived
in' George | Huberty's '¦ house ! in : Jackson ; for.
several yearsjard 1 that he was taken sick
with pneumonia.- rMr. k : and Mrs." Huberty
attended to the rick man and took as good
'¦¦ Sheriff .U.'S.- Gregory of Amador County
has ) completed * his investigation . into the
matter, of ! the [ death i of f Joseph . Focade j of
Jackson.'' Focade's -body 'was brought' to
this cityfor burial, and* J.i If.: Ross. of -240
Montgomery street called- at the Coroner's
office and exhibited a' letter: written by a
friend, of his- In'," Jackson suggestingithat
Focade's death might have been' the result
of iviolence.;.,VC' ''¦'.' . '¦'¦'¦ -¦'¦¦¦ '¦•"¦
George. Huberty Exonerated.
Physicians Say. She Is HI — Motion to
;u; k ' Quash Simpton and Sylva
Indictments.
Judge Cook's inquisition Into the mental
and -physical health of Mrs. Nettle R.
Craven . * still* proceeds. Mrs. Craven was
ijot in court yesterday morning when the
matter • of - her arraignment was • called.
Dr. Edwin Bunnell and Dr. Clinton testi
fied that although Mrs. Craven was some
what improved, the paralysis of her left
side still remained, and It would be per
haps three months before she could be
placed on. trial..'
"I am not ¦ satisfied with these state
ments," said Judge Cook. "Next Satur
day I will call upon Drs. Lustig and Reth
ers to report on her condition, and if in
therr opinion'' she is able to appear In
court I will! order her to court. If she"
falls to come I will forfeit her bail and
Issue a bench warrant." '¦ . .
jMrs. Craven's case ¦ disposed -of. a mo
tion to .cuash the indictments charging
G.-.W. Simpton with perjury and. Adolph
Sylva with subornation of perjury was
made by ex-Judge Murphy and ex-Gover
nor ;Budd. They ; claimed • the Grand • Jury
was prejudiced against the defendants
when they found the Indictment. Grand
Jurors J. W. Carmany, E. R» Rock. H. J.
Burns.". H. A.' Whitely, C. . R. . WlnsloW, B.
P. Flint.. W.: F» .Ambrose. C. L.* Flo.Id,.E.
H.'Parriah, L. Altschul, J. H. Bremer, E;
F. Lu hr man, M.% M. * Regensberger, Paul
P. Kingston and George Luslnger were
NETTIE- B. CRAVEN DID
;..N0T APPEAR IN COURT
- The association was shown from the
committee reports to be in a nourishing
condition. It has enrolled 158 members.
New officers were installed for the ensu
ing year as follows:
Miss Frances Deane, 'president;' Miss
Katherine -Felton,' .vice president; " Miss
Anna McNeil, treasurer; Miss C. A. Whit
ney, corresponding - secretary ; Miss Anna
Duffy, recording secretary. The directors
are: ; Mrs. C. W. Slack, Miss Mabel Craft.
Miss, May,'. Wilson and -Miss Effie McFad
den.' ¦ •- ~i-'\- >"•••;": -- ¦ ¦ ¦ . ."•.-"¦
: \ Miss ; Sadie American ¦ of. Chicago . then
addressed the audience 'on a subject" In
which ' the association : is vitally • interest
ed. "-• "Vacation Schools." - The.: club will
appoint a" committee to look into the mat
ted of public school sanitation.
A dainty I luncheon was' served at noon,
after which the \ of . the ' day,', the
reading, of . reports' and the installation of
officers, took place. :
The California branch of the Collegiate
Alumnae held its . quarterly meeting at
Sorosls Hall, 1620 California street; yester
day afternoon. " .
Collegiate Alumnae in Flourish
ing Condition.
California Branch of Association of
MEET IN QUARTERLY SESSION.
If the special certificate, which the Board
of Education will' issue to Physical Direc
tor Max Magnus on credentials; not' rec-:,
ognlzed by the State is: made "out '.to him
as a teacher the City Board of ¦ Examina
tion will refuse to sign it. While the.'lat
ter body contends that Magnus; does not
reed a certificate the, Board of Education
says he does and will grant him one .with^
out the recommendation of the examiners.
If, however, the certificate Js made out to
Magnus as an employe or ' as director of
physical training it will receive the ! sig-:
nature of? Superintendent* Websten^ind
Deputies Jordan, Kingsbury and Howard.
¦ The ' certificate Issued by ¦ the - School
Board 1 to Miss Ball, special teacher; of
drawing, :. will under, no circumstances, be
signed Dy the Examination Board,, which
recommended, that • it be denied because
her credentials were not properly'accred
ited. Her certificate does not expire until
October. 31. but her November salary de
mand will not be passed by; the Superin-
Webster Defies That School
Board Has Sole Right
to Grant It.
i
WILL HOT SIGN
CERTIFICATE OF
DR. MAX MAGNUS
After Focade died the Hubertys had his
body embalmed, provided a casket for the
remains and sent them to Focade's friends
in this city.' . :
care of him as though he were their own
son. y -~TTMnBH^nff|11 iBMIIillBlll^ffrTirilB
State Superintendent Kirk sent a com
munication yesterday "to Superintendent
Webster in which. he states that he has
decldqd to .take up the consideration of
the suspension 'of Vice Principal Knowl
ton by fhe Board of, Education. ..Kirk de-'
sires fo be informed' of .;; the date '-when
Knowlton was elected into the department
and , also the rules which :,were in opera
tion at the time. Kirk has also directed
Superintendent Webster to investigate, the
charges made against : Knowlton." by ¦"; his
principal, Mrs. Banning. ' Webster ;says
nis report ( will be ¦¦> a . voluminous one and
will be : ready in about j three weeks.
tenclent. He will bpse his refusal on the
penalty provided by the State law. which
says that If the school fund Is used to pay
any tea cher . who has . not - a proper cer
tificate the penalty is that, the State ap
portionment will be denied to the county.
The Examination Board met yesterday
and recommended the grantinR of the fol
lowinR certificates; - • • , ¦
Life diplomas, .prammar- grade — Mrs.
Elizabeth Butler, Miss K. R. Paxton;
Miss M. F. Lorigan. Educational, diplo
mas, gramrrar grade — Miss • Charlotte
Lavery, Miss Caroline. M. Parron,. Miss
Lillian B. O'Neil. •' Renewals, grammar
grade— Miss Alice Madden, Miss Alice
Lewis and -Miss Eva G.Elsen. Primary
grade— Mrs. B. A. Litton. -
who went only a few days earlier. Mr.
Filcher remains in Paris, as the exposi
tion will not close until November 1. and
the exhibit will remain in place until then.
A meeting of. the State Board of Trade
will be held one week from next Tues
day, at 1 p. m., for the purpose of hearing
the report to be made by Mr. Mills, which
is expected tobequite interesting. -
THE SAF FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY^ SEPTEMBER 30, 1900y
40
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE
1230-1232-1234 Market St.
A SUPERB STOCK OF
TAILOR MADE SUITS AT
ATTRACTIVE PRICES
: : — : : — : — — 1
2nd Opening of Latest Autumn Arrivals
2500 TAILORED SUITS
TO CHOOSE FROM
Magnificent Garments
Fit and Finish are Perfect
&15.OO
Black and Gray Camels* Hair Tailor Made Suits with silk reveres, the fit
. * and finish cannot be excelled.
$17.50
Very Fashionable Blouse Suits, elegantly tailored, reliable material,
excellent lining.
JACKETS
Tat vzry newest in Ksrsey, Covrrr Clo'Y-, Whip CcrJ. Beautifully
stitched, appiiqurd and Fur trimmed.
$5.00 TO $35.00
GOLF CAPES
The lat;st combination'!, handsomely braiied
S315O TO S2O.OO
« EXTRA SPECIAL
too all-wool Tramping Skirts in gray anl tan ?t $3.00, regular price 1 4. 50
.:-,--'--- ? ale>B - . - - - ----- - - 1 - - /-'--. - -ii g^?*?! ' : . ._'r_-.--i_ J.:- _-— 1 ,X~^ JSiif^ — ~~ — ~
to-morrow, Monday, 8 a. nu, our new store will be opened to friends and patrons.
I Hen- 5tark'§ werecuiest a —
M d Or fT h ue e fav r 2 t,p m 4 Httle
I pg^^ h^^-" A - E your company history
| programme for Monday, Oct. 1. ! : : ; : gxf ami* n p\>i/ cfnfP
I pi^l^^a^SiO; :::::::::™b£%& \ 1 ther^ wi » be no cards or .invitations issued to U1 UUIT | nc W turc.
I Jlw^^u^^™v^H^S^JSu^ this opening— our friends and patrons are particu- O ur ground lease with privilege of purchase
I 5— "Slavonic Dance"...."!!!!!!!! ' '. Dvorak larlv welcome-— everybody is invited — you, madam, was signed Oct. 12, 1899.
1 6-Selection, "Carmen"....... B.zet J , J 7 . \ . . .
1 -March "HannSSenT' Ellis are especially requested tocome and bring your O ur architects (Reid Bros.) were chosen Oc-
I £-6ve5ure, "The^iui on the Cliff '".'.'.".'.Reissinger friends — our latch-string always hangs out for you tober 14, 1899. ; ¦ ¦"¦'•'. : -.i -v^
1 rwaiu°^R S VmbVknc;y.V. ::::.;::: .AVawpd and yours, to-morrow the doors of our new store our first Mggll s ; gned Jan . 3 , 19OO .
I "~ \7'i r i 'rP''-""^"" (characteri!t " :) • • ¦j.? o?cy will be open for business — for inspection — for ap-
I "programme for Tuesday, .Oct. a! proval. Our buyers have chosen from the markets was broken Jan. 5, zooo.
EG 1— March, "The Alan Behind the Gun". .Sousa o f the world for this opening presentation in our the corner stone was laid April 14, 1900.
y 2 — Mazurka, La Tzigane Ganne , , r . «* . ..-.-¦ .-. ; ..-^.j ... r!
1 $$S0£MM^J::ilM-$S new ««>«-o* new goods-at new prices; which the steel used weighs about 921,000 pound,.
ga 5— -^Narcissus" *. Nevin give better rvalues than before — and by new meth- . , 1^--.; • .,
9 6— "The Viceroy" V.Herbert , ,. . '" ¦-...'.¦ V 4.4. it took " about 000,000 bnck.
I intermission. ods which mean better facilities, better conven- . .^ ;
1 t^^M^^^^^V:::^s^ fences, better service and a heartier welcome, to-- the = buildin & and fixtures cost about
1 9— "Hungarian Dance" Brahms rnnrrnw 8 a m OPFNS THF NFW STOPF $200,000.
| u—Popular soniar. "Pliny" .... ;> Stone . . ; it Will be opened TO-MORROW (Mon-
% on ihe second floor of our new store to-morrow /Msr/ *^ — ' "~^r^ DIRECTION CHARTS will be found in conspicuous
§j 10,000 souvenir booklets of Parisian fashions s G4h€&ti&& < ,t^^^ places — consult them or inquire of a floor men-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I •< THE CREDIT HO USE" \
; Six Stories Higk \
\
I I I
I Hall Chair. Artistically j
! shaped back. An odd j
j chair in mahogany finish. I
j A variety for parlor, or j
j pleasing service at dress- {
i ing table or desk §2.75 j
i Mantel Drapes j
• A large line of these useful, decorative ;
; Drapes. Great variety of bright, •
• Oriental patterns. Very deep, netted j
• and heavily tassled borders. Not a ;
• home so cosy but one would be a wel- •
| come addition: j
; Si. 25 were $1.75 ¦
; J2.50 were $3.50 .
J $j.oo were $4.00 •
; $4.00 were $;.oo >
« 55.00 were J6.00 !
¦ CARPET DEPARTMENT }
¦ Matting Remnants — A good chance I
• to freshen up small rooms, bath, back j
t hall or closet with matting worth 20 ;
• to 50 cents a yard. Bring your meas- ?
• urements. 15 cents a yard 1
i free Delivery. Oakland. Alameia. Berkeley !
{ M. FRIEDMAN & CO. j
1 (Incorporated) •
• 233-235-237 Post St. Open Evenings \
I treme I
m de Lis g
i&j Known for nearly half a cen- JC
sBJ tury as absolu:e!y peerless. 3£
riE IT CREATES A )£
*£ PERFECT COMPLEXION. £>
i 5 and incites th3 skin with ML
jE tte healthy looJc of early n£
jf > ears - ¦ j£
t& Removes tan, sunburn, F*
rt* pimples, etc., and leaves s*
the skin soft and velvety. JO
J3& So!J by all druirslsts and 1/
[_hi jfrneral dealers. If you can- CT*
BT not obtain It send us 50c for rOt.
JjjW large bo'tle or 10c for trial tf_
fXc *•¦ HAfcklNQTON it CO., 3^
E A Famous Cosmetic ft