COAJL, ¦ FAMINE; IN , GERMANY.
Modified Railroad Tariff « Is Granted
for All Foreign Coal.
BERLIN, Aug. 29.— The coal: famine In
Germany has become very serious and a
number of of have
petitioned the, Gdvernment.for "relief. "," '
,The Prussian' -Cabinet has j resolved tp
grant ' a k , modified railroad tariff .for ; for
eign coal] in. order to facilitate, the .im
portation of : coal! from . England v and . the
United States." Indeed, the famine is so
pronounced." that the- Prussian .; Minister
of ¦ Railways. In \ the interest of the state.'
has laid an embargo on all the coal rained
in the state mines. -- - ' • v.v\.-.>:v .:
SUCCESSFUL TRIAL
TRIP OF THE ALABAMA
Admiral Eodgers Reports That She
. Has Made an Average Speed of
Seventeen Knots. ¦
WASHINGTON. Aug. 29.-The Navy De-
partment has received an official telegram
confirming the press reports f>f the suc
cessful speed trial of the Alabama. A uis-
patch to the department from Admiral
Rodgers said that the Alabama had made
an average of seventeen knots. This wai
supplemented by a message from Chief
Engineer Perry, saying:
"Alabama easily made seventeen knot.-.
without driving or mishap of any kind."
The Navy Department to-day finally ac
cepted the battleship Kearsarge. which
has been in commission for some months.
This will net ¦ the builders *SO.C0i> hereto
fore held back In accordance with the law
pending the final acceptance of the vessel.
DUEL TO THE DEATH
BETWEEN NEW MEXICANS
Young Spaniard Slanders the Sweet
heart of Another Youth, and a
Fatal Encounter Ensues.
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Aug. ».-A
double tragedy occurred near Belen. Just
south of this city, at noon to-day.
For some time Melqulades Baca. grand
son of the richest Spaniard in New Mex
ico. Felipe Chaves. and son of Vincente
M. Baca of Denver, has been known a*
the lover of Miss Dellla Lopez, the ac
knowledged belle of the Rio Grande Val
ley. To-day Melqulades heard that David
E. Baca (who is no relative), son of a
prominent sheep owner, had made re
marks derogatory to the character of
Miss Lopez. •
Melqulades, buckling on his six-shooter,
went out to find David. They met and, as
David had been warned and armed him
self, commenced firing, simultaneously.
Each fired three shots and each was hit
three times. Both are now dead. David
lived about an hour longer than Melqui
ades. Both victims have relatives In this
city, besides a horde of them in Valencia
County, and a family feud is likely to
result f torn this double tragedy. .
David E. Baca, one of the victims, is
married to the sister of. a woman he Is
said to have slandered. Several years ago
at a ball David figured in a fight, over the
woman he married, which resulted In one
young man being wounded by ,a pistol
shot and his opponent being maimed for
life with a bowie knife.
Girls Fled From Santa Cruz.
• WATSONVILLE. Aug. 29.— An item in
The Call from Salinas to-day stating that
two little girls had run away from a
convent In this city is incorrect. The
Sisters : of Moreland Notre Dame Acad-
emy in this city say the statement is an
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 29.— The two girls
,who ran away from a convent school and
were reported to be at Salinas fled from
the school here, not from Watsonville, as
reported.
AFRO-AMERICAN COUNCIL
ELIMINATES POLITICS
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. 2D.-It is stated
to-night that there will be no indorsement
of the administration by the National
Afro-American Council and that all poli
tics will be eliminated from the formal
action of the convent:on.
The resolutions committee in Its report
made no reference to politics and mem
bers of the committee say to-night that
the report will be adopted by the conven
tion to-morrow without change. The re
port, is In- the form of an address to the
country. . .
The session to-night was very lively.
John P. -Green of Cleveland, assistant
stamp clerk in the Washington (D. C.)
postofRce was ejected from the hall. He
was making a. political speech and refused
t,o sit down when called to order by
Bishop Walters. - : > ¦. '%¦".
••J.* Milton Turner of St. Louis tried to
speak, but, was cried down. It was dur
ing the uproar that the committee on ad
dress made Its, report and action was de
ferrea until to-morrow. .
STERNBERG SPEAKS OF
CRENSHAW'S DEATH
FERDINAND OF BULGARIA
THREATENS TO ABDICATE
Special Dispatch to The. Call. %}•'*
WASHINGTON. Aug. 29.— No complaint
¦ has , been- made .'to j the_- SV&t - Department
thatthe death' of Captain F. F. Crenshaw,
who was -.wounded in Batangas province,
Philippines, was duet to -neglect and ill
treatment on the part of the military au
thorities. If any complaint is made Sur
geon 1 General Sternberg promises that he
will make a~ thorough investigation.
"I. have no Information \vith reference
to the case of Captain Crenshaw," he said
this afternoon. "He would not have been
sent to his home unless it had been in ac
cordance, with his own wishes. ¦ He • was
entitled to treatment in the United States
General 'Hospital at the Presidio and
would no doubt have been cared for there
and have received most skillful treatment
if he had determined to remain there."
LONDON, Aug. . 29.— As. a result of the
friction between Roumania'and' Bulgaria
over :the letter's delay in complying with
the demand of the former, for the • sup
pression of the Macedonia revolutionary
committee; the Bulgarian diplomatics
agent at Bucharest, Dr. H. Theodorff , has
been recalled.
According, to the Vienna correspondent
of the Dally Express, the Wiener Abend
blatt ' asserts r that ' Prince Ferdinand of
Bulgaria has threatened to abdicate un
less-the quarrel, with Roumania is ami
cably settled..
Will Grow Hemp.
* BERLIN, Aug. 29.— Owing to the Phil
ippine, troubles 'Manila hemp has 'risen ik>
per.; cent v and now several large German
companies ; : have _been. formed, . one of
which rhasf; Government connection. :t6
start Manila hemp culture ' in % German
East /Africa." where • the experiments have
proven successful. JSS6KSHl§l§i
WHAT IS WANTED BY
. THE VARIOUS POWERS
BERLIN, Aug. 23.— Herr von Brandt. *i
former Minister to China, was interviewed
to-day regarding the Chinese situation.
He said: !
."It is an error to assume that the Chi- |
nese trouble is at an end with the relief of
the foreign legations.- As a- matter "or
fact, it has but just begun, because now
the divergent interests of the powers are
asserting themselves.' No uoubt the
United States would conclude peace im
mediately and act as arbitrator If unfor
tunately Chinese duplicity were riot so ap
parent. .Russia wants. the Empress Dow
ager retained. Great Britain wants Em
peror Kwang Su at the head- of affairs.
Germany runs the risk of being isolated
or of being compelled to confront a' coali
tion of several powers if. after the ar
rival of .Count von Waldersee. she should
wish to continue action, perhaps single
handed, or if in her demands for redress
she should go further than the powers
principally interested in China."
Regarding' the causes that led to the
Chinese troubles Herr von Brandt quoted
verbatim the text of a remarkable report
made by the chief of the RusBo-Asiatlc
Bank of Peking on June 15 last, but not
heretofore published. Tho passage of the
greatest Interest Is as follows: . .
"A majority of, the Peking legations
have decided to demand the creation of
foreign settlements in Peking like those
at the treaty harbors immediately .after
the arrival in Peking 'of strong "detach
ments.. M. 'de Giers, Russian Minister,
will endeavor to reduce this demand to
the appointment of foreign police commis
sioners under command of. the legations
Several of the legations desire a special
regency over the Emperor and the re
moval of the Empress Dowager from
power, but M. de Glers insists upon re
taining the powers of the Empress Dow
ager, since the above arrangement would
Induce several powers to demand the ap
pointment of their candidates as members
of the regency.",
This report did not, reach St. Petersburg
until July 30. Commenting upon it, Herr
von Brandt remarked: '"This shows how
far the Peking Ministers. wished to go
even before serious difficulties, began." "
ADVENTURES OF AN
ENGINEER AMONG BOXERS
SD*cial Dispatch to The. Call.'
VICTORIA. B.- C. Aug. 29.— A private
letter from Port Arthur gives the story
of an engineer's -adventures in the dis
turbed • districts in Llaotong. The writer
says: "Here I : am at Port Arthur, hav
ing lost clothes, furniture and all except
a suit and a revolver. I was gofng to
Liaoyang to get money to -pay the men
on July 2 and rode'nto a J village full of
Manchu cavalry. I wheeled round and
fled with them In ''pursuit. They chased
me to the Tydee Ho River, -but: did not
cross. .When I reached Liaoyang. I found
the Russians had erected" a fort.. ,Th«
day after my arrival the news 'arrived
of the wiping out of the Machlstan by;the
Chinese and the foreigners from there got
into Liaoyang with only their lives. .Three
days later Engineer Savkevltch ahd.thirty"
Russians came . in from Tootuan station,
their station having: .been burned. - Later
a bridge guarded by a few Russians wad
attacked and Colonel Machenki, with a
hundred Cossacks, rode out. They killed
a number of Chinese, captured their ar
tillery and burned a village. I left by
train on July 10 and as we left 2000 Chi
r.ese troops arrived and began to fire on
the city. The siege of the fort had begun.
Our train, too, was attacked half way to
Niuchwang. I stayed at Nluchwang for a
week and as soon as 2Tj Russians arrived
we were at liberty to help our own Amer
ican and British residents. I joined a
volunteer corps raised for this purpose.
We constructed palisades and trenches.
Our mine at.Hwa Yangtien being report
ed safe. I and two others went there. On
the fourth nlj?ht the report of arms was
heard and Chinese scouts came in and
reported that ; Boxers had. attacked the
village near by. They killed one of our
contractors and then-began firing on our
mine. ' , We lay ' behind \ the hedge " and
fought from there till they; retreated.
Liaoyang fort -was ovaruated after \ a
three-days' siege. , 2Q0' Russians being
killed. I got out to Niuch'wang with an es-
BANDITS MAKE A
RAID ON CANTON
HONGKONG, Aug.' 29.— Two hundred
bandits raided the" Tartar City of Canton
Monday- night, i Several y hundred 7 houses
were looted. It Is believed that the jnotlvo
of Jhe ; raid was the Cantonese hatred, of
the northerners. . It is rumored. at Amoy
that 12,000 Japanese troops are coming:
there from -Formosa. '-•-•- ¦• - .
SOUGHT PROTECTION:
AND. WERE MASSACRED
CHEFU. Aupr. 29.— Yu. the Governor of
the province of Shensi, is reported to have
Invited tho foreigners- in the province to
come to his protection. About August .21.
fifty accepted the invitation and all were
massacred. - ' ¦ •
¦WILL GO TO AMOY.
LONDON, Aug. 30.'— The Hongkong cor
respondent of the Daily Mail, wiring yes
terday, says he understands that General
Onselee, the British commander with the
allies, has countermanded his order sum
moning more troops to the north, and
that probably the British trrtops will >?o to
Amoy. i . .
STARTED FOR PEKING.
TIENTSIN. Aug.' 23. via Chefu. Aug. 29.
One thousand Russians left Tientsin .for
Peking to-day. The country, here ia quiet.
SONOMA, Aug. 29.— Mrs. Mary Chelini.
living with her family at the west edge
of town, was knocked down by a run
away team this afternoon ajid instantly
killed. Her husband had the team hitched
to a wagon at the barn and was busy
loading It with hay, when the horses
started to run. and It is supposed Mr*.
Chelini. seeinjr one of her little Kirla li*.
danger of being run over, tried to rescue
it. She was struck by one of the hones
and. her right breast was crushed. If is
also thought her neck was broken. Sh->
was about 23 years old and leaves a hus
band and several small children.
LATEST CASUALTIES
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Among Those General MacArthur Be
ports Killed Is Captain Wil
liam Brown.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 29.-General Mac-
Arthur's lastest casualty report, dated
Aucust 29. Is as follows: Killed — August
24. Panguila. Luzon. Company L. Thirty
seventh Infantry. Thomas Johnson. Cor
poral Thomas A. Otomle: San Mateo. Lu
zon. Company t>. Twenty-seventh Infan
try—Corporal William D. Clontsman. Aug
ust 17. Salvacin. Luzon, Forty-fifth Regi
ment Infantry— Captain William Brown.
"Wounded: August 24, Panguila. Luzon.
Company I, Twenty-seventh Infantry-
Corporal Robert J. Webster, wounded In
abdomen, serious; Company L, Thirty
seventh Infantry— "William F. Martin,
wounded In shoulder, moderate. August
17. Salvaclon. Company C. Forty-fifth In
fantry—Mark J. Chaffee. wounded in foot,
slight. August 1". Vlllavaka. Company
H. Thirty-third Infantry— Second Lieuten
ant William M. True, wounded In leg
above knee, slight; John Rathburn.
wounded In leg above knee, slight. Aug
ust 23. Sarlaya. Company F. Thirtieth In
fantry—Corporal William L. L. Ash,
wounded In lep above knee. serio-.±a. Aug
ust 20. Pagasanaus, Luzon. Troop G.
Eleventh Cavalry — Charles Ashley.
wounded In thigh, serious: Troop A. Elev
enth Cavalry — Corporal Joseph C. Hert
wick. wounded In thigh, slight: Ira A.
Kuston, wounded In leg below knee, mod
erate . ¦¦> -;' . :
Captain William Brown was a native of
Scotland and entered the service at He
lena. Mont., of which place he was a resi
dent.
Heroism of Mrs. Chelini at Sonoma,
Who Buns in Front of a Buna- •
way Horse to Bescue Her
Daughter.
MOTHER SACRIFICES
LIFE FOR HER CHILD
BERLIN, Aug. 29. — -The Frankfort Zeitung- has received a dispatch from Shanghai saying'
- a plot has been discovered there to burn the whole city. It is added that the Europeans
consider the streets unsafe after nightfall and the general situation is described as critical.
LONDON, Aug. 30, 3:15 a. ni. — It is rumored at Shanghai that the Japanese gained a
great victory over the Boxers and Chinese troops from Peitsang and Ho-Si-Wu last Thursdav at
Techou. The story says 1500 Chinese were killed, including Prince Tuan, and that all the Chinese
¦were driven back to Chili. - , ¦ : - ¦- . . • £v$
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KESWICK. Aug. 23.— Gold and platinum,
instead of water, is what John Trapnell
struck in digsring a well in Keswick. He
had dug down thirty odd feet, but had
not found much evidence of water. Then
he struck a layer of auriferous sand mucR
more valuable than water.
Trapnell is an old miner and he panned
out a double handful of the sand and
was thunderstruck ,to obtain more than
a dollar's worth of gold dust. The sand
Is heavy and he Is assured that It con
tains platinum. He Is not positive as to
that, however, but he knows gold when
he sees It. The deposit of the gold-bearing
rand is about a foot In thickness. The
discovery was made yesterday. Trapnell
will sink the well no deeper. He doesn't
want water now. He will turn the well
into a mining shaft und drift on the blind
lead he has uncovered. He has only a
small lot fifty by a hundred and fifty
feet, but it Is his to the center of the
earth, and if the blind lead yields as well
as the prospects Indicate he will have a
comfortable sum. Town lots In his imme
diate vicinity are no longer for sale.
Remarkable Discovery of Auriferous
Sand by a Keswick Man While
He Is Boring a
Well.
DIGGING FOR WATER
HE STRIKES GOLD MINE
MISSIONARIES SAVED
BY CONSUL FOWLER
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 29.-Seventy
i missionaries from China returned to-day
i by the Empress of China. Many had al
j most miraculous escapes. After the
| trouble had come to a head. Rev. J. M.
Menzles, with his wife and family, were
) on their way to the coast from their sta-
I tion in Honan and were not aware of any
j trouble when they left. In company with
them were Dr. McClure and Dr. Olrs.)
Wallis, also going to the coast. These at
• tribute their escape entirely to the efforts
j of John Fowler, American Consul at
j Chefu.
"We were four days late In startins."
said Or. - Menzies, "and "the "delay was, 1
believe, the saving of our lives. Had we
started at the time we originally Intended,
we would have been in the heart of the
Boxer infested district, from which there
vrould have been noescape. As it was we
! leached Paungehuang and at that place
was a message from Mr. Fowler, warning
us that all traffic on the river was ex-
I tremely dangerous, and that any mission
aries in the Interior should' hurry at once
to places of safety. Had we gone on a
few miles further we would have been
shot by the Boxors, who were watching
on both sides of the river.
"With an escort of Chinese soldiers we
were enabled to safely reach a small port
on the coast. Yangchiakon, and there it
was that the services of Mr. Fow'ler
proved so helpful. It was not a safe place
to remain in and I have no hesitancy in
stating that the story would not now be
as it is had it not been for the aia
rendered by the American Consul. Mr.
' Fowler, at his personal expense, chartered
two Japanese steamers, which made six
trips, and besides sent a .warship, -which
made one trip. For you must remember
that Christian workers from the Interior
had been gathering at this out-of-the-way
port until there were seventy-three all
told of missionaries alone."-
Rev. Mr. McKenzie of all the ministers
on board had the most exciting trip. He
was with the party composed of Rev.
Messrs. Goforth. Leslie and Griffiths, all
of whom were wounded. Goforth some-
what seriously. They were In stations not
far distant from that of Mr. Menz'es, and
to them the doctor sent Consul Fowler's
message from Paungchuang.
"When we received the dispatch," said
Mr. McKenzip. "we instantly made all
haste to depart. The letter warned us not
to go north by the. route followed by Dr.
Menzi»»s, so we formed a party and start
ed southward. We had ten carts in all
and a twenty-four-day trip ahead of us
to reach Hankow. Oh the twelfth day we
met an organized body of the Boxers, who
made a deliberate attack. Mr. Goforth
received a very severe sword cut across
the back of the neck, besides being
wounded In several other places. An In
furiated fanatic made a lunge at Mrs. Go
forth with a sword, but she shielded her
self with a pillow. It was a very exciting
hour.
"Two of our escorts were killed and five
of our animals shot. Mr. Leslie was
wounded badly in the wrist «nd knee, be
sides sundry other small cuts about his
person. Mr. Griffith was Injured on al
most every part of his body. I myself
was wounded In the head, leg and hand.
It was a most fortunate occurrence that
my arm was not cut off. I was standing
with a revolver pointed at one of the
nearest of the ruffians and had! Intimidat
ed him. when another came up behind me.
I caught eight of the descending sword as
it flashed in the sun and warded off the
full stroke of the weapon. It glanced and
struck the back of my hand."
LONGEST CABINET
SESSION IN YEARS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— The. longest
Cabinet session held in years adjourned
at 5:30 o'clock this evening after having
been in session, with the exception of an
hour's recess at 1:30, since 10 o'clock in
the morning. The session was devoted to
the consideration of the diplomatic prob
lems which have arisen in connection
with the Chinese situation as a result of
the iwsition taken by the powerB, and
eventuated in the formulation of a docu
ment for transmission aoroad.
HAS REACHED SHANGHAI.
BERLIN. Aug. &.— Official dispatches
from Shanghai announce the arrival there
of the new- German Minister -to China,
Dr. Mumm von Schwartzsteln.
TO ASCEND THE YANGTSE.
PARIS, Aug. 29.— Admiral Courrejollee
cables that he' is sending. a gunboat from
Shanghai to 'ascend the ' Yangiseklansr
River. :
ALL KINDS OF STORIES
COME OUT FROM CHINA
LONDON. Aug. 30. 3:15 a. m.— Amid th*
KTOwlax difficulties of the Chinese im
broglio Mr. Broderiek's emphatic declara
tion at Thomecombe last evening proves
that the British* Government does not sen
any cause to depart from the line of
policy orlpir.ally decided upon, namely, to
take no responsibility for the ' adminis
tration of China. Mr. Broderick said he
hoped it would not be supposed that the
Government was pusillanimous in this re
epect- Its object was to maintain British
interests. It was quite ready to take its
thare cf the white man's burden, but
could not admit that the nature of the
burden should be dictated to -it by the
"Here." the Morning Post observes. "Is
where the difficulty of observing a policy
comes in. We could not decamp and
leave the powers to settle the difficulties. "
Sir Chih Chen Lo Feng, the Chinese
Minister in London, asserts he is in con
rtant communication with LI Hung
Chang, who is still in Shanghai.
The reform party, under Kang Yu Wei.
is said to be actively preparing for rebel
lion.
General Creagh in the presence of Vice
A«Irniral Seymour reviewed SCO!) troops of
all nationalities at Shanghai Wednesday.
It is rumored from Hankow that
twenty-fiv? reformers have been exe
cuted, thir heads being exposed.
Belated stories and stories of refugees
et Chc-fu continue to describe the terrible
renditions In Peking. One of the worst
Incidents is the shocking desecration ol
the foreign cemetery outside the west
¦wall. The details are too revolting to be
described. Hundreds of bodies of Chinese
srf- found in the streets of Peking, sup-
X'<-?<--d in be those of traitors to the cause
of the Boxers.
The- Shanghai correspondent of the
Time? sajra a native official telegram from
Paoting-Ku announces the arrival of the
court last Sunday at Talyuen-Fu.
Communication between Peking ana
Tientsin is interrupted, probably because
fcan.is of Dixtf make the road unsafe for
couriers. The country north of Yangtsun
Is said to be flooded.
A German firm is negotiating with
Chang Chi Tun*, thp Wuchang Viceroy.
to lend him orif- million ta«-ls on the se
curity, of certain viceregal industrial un
certakings.
A correspondent at Niuchwang sayp the
Russian? at Haiching are awaiting re
inforcements, whoso advance is delayed
T>y ih*" impafsablp conditions of the roads
to Liaoyang and Mukden.
Meanwhile the nativp population of the
district Is beir.g treated with the utmost
severity. Eye-witnesses report an India
criminate slaughter of non-combatants
i nd the reduction of the country in the
¦vcir.ity of Port Arthur to a state of utter
d'solaiicn.
PRESENT POSITION OF
EARL LI NOT KNOWN
PA 'US. Aug. 28.— The offlcials of the
Minis ry of Marine here were shown to
day the dispatch from Washington in
¦which t is declared that the opinion pre
vail* i:.*>re that the dispatch from Ad
miral C lurrejolles announcing the inten
tion of the admiral to detain Li Hung
Chang urtil the diplomats have consented
to oppn r»gotiatlons with the Chinese re
ferred to i situation which existed some
time ago vhen Li Hung Chang flrst an
nounced hi intention of starting north.
The Frenci officials declare the news is
not old anc there Js no question as to
the corrects ss of the wording of the dis
patch, but tfccjf add they themselves are
¦inable to rav from th» dispatch what U
ihe present I .sltlon of LA Hung Chang,
whether he is detained on board ship or
whether the admirals Intend to detain him
when he arrive* at Taku.
CHAFFEE TO SUCCEED WHEELER
WASHnCCtTON. Aug. 29.— There is no
coubt that General Chaffee -will be ap
j.ointed brigadier general in the regular
tirmy upon the retirement of Joseph
"iVheeler. It Is stated at the War-De
jiartment that the Eunices which General
Chaffee has rendered in China entitle him
to this consideration. General Wheeler
will retire on Septemt>er 3. General Chaf
fee will continue to hold the rank of
major general of volunteers while In com
mand of the troops In China,
? RUSSIA'S ALLEGED STAND.
LONDON. Aug. 28.— A special dispatch
from St. Petersburg contains the asser-
lion that Russia, almost immediately, will
r.otlfy the pow^s that the considers the
relief of the Peking legations aa the final
accomplishment or the military task * of
tii© aXUed forces.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright. 1900, by tbe
Herald Publishing Company.
TAKTT (via Shanghai), Aug. 29.— Rumors are prevalent here of the increas
ing friction between the Japanese and Russians, all probably based on the
fact that both powers are pouring thousands of troops into Northern
China, this extraordinary situation being created by Great Britain and
America not being at war with China. It is believed that Russia will ask
the powers to withdraw all their troops from Peking, as their object, the relief
of the legations, has been accomplished. The country around Taku and Peking
has been devastated, with the result that the Boxers are most unpopular with
the country people, who are attacking them. The Boxers are moving north from
Shantung and returning hastily to their homes.
HOXGKOXG, Aug. 29.— The disturbed situation in Amoy has been created by
the Japanese for the purposes of aggression. For years Japan has covetously
regarded Amoy and her opportunity has occurred. It was offered by a Japan
ese priest's houso in the city being burned. The Chinese maintain that the
priest saturated his house with kerosene and then charged them with arson. A
Japanese cruiser smartly landed men. who are now policing Kulang Hen and
Amoy. There has been no riot and no trouble, but Japan claims that a large
number of Jopanese subjects re<julre protection. These subjects are of the Chi
nese criminal classes, who escape from Justice and are registered in Formosa as
Japanese subjects for a small fee.
LONDON, Aug. 30. — These advices from its special correspondent are pub
lished by the Daily Telegraph:
SHANGHAI, Aug. 29.— Li Hung" Chang, finding the powers obdurate, has sent
to th« Empress Dowager, deliverable whenever and wherever she may be found,
a note asking her to appoint Princes Ching and Lung Yu and Chang Chi Tung,
Viceroy of Hankow, joint peacemakers to meet the powers. Some excitement Is
reported to prevail In the Yangtse V alley, where it is rumored that reformers
are actively employed in fermenting a rising against the existing authorities.
This the Cause off Renewed- -Stories
of Increasing Friction Between
the Japanese and Russians,
Aggression Attempted at Annoy
by the Mikado's Hen.
THOUSANDS OF RIVAL
TROOPS BEING POURED
INTO NORTHERN CHINA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Aug. ».-In th«
Interest of the early restoration of peace and order and facilitation of ne
gotiations with the Chinese Government, Russia has proposed to the pow
ers of the world that they withdraw their troops from Peking. When
all the American citizens nave been removed from Peking and the sur
rounding territory the United States ,t.-111 be willing to accept the Russian pro
posal. " . •
This is the international situation as understood in Washington to-night. The
day has been one of the rao?t important in the history of the Chinese trouble.
M. de Wollant, Russian Change d 'Affaires, presented to Acting Secretary Adee
yesterday afternoon a note Identical with that delivered to the Governments to
which they are accredited by the representatives of Russia in Europe an-1
Japan, and its contents were given serious consideration by the President. Sec
retary Root and Acting Secretary or State Adee at a conference held Jaat night.
The matter was deemed so important that the President determined u would
be wise. to. call a special meeting of the Cabinet, and the Russian proposal and
conclusions reached at the conference of last right were carefully discussed. As
a result of the morning session Jlr. Adee was directed to put into form the
conclusions agreed upon, and this afternoon the document was considered by
the Cabinet, which had reassembled. Mi de Wollant having left town.
The American answer was cabled to the representative of this Government
in St. Petersburg, who will submit It to the Russian Government.
It is stated emphatically by those who are acquainted with the character of
the Russian proposal that it does not suggest the immediate withdrawal of
troops from China, but only the withdrawal of the allied forces from the capital.
In the interest of the security of foreign life and property in Manchuria and In
other parts of China. Russia deems it important that the international troops
should continue on duty therein. But she asserts the opinion that the Imperial
Government can more readily re-establish itself In power and assume control
of affairs throughout the empire, if Peking is abandoned to the Chinese and the
allie™ retire to a convenient distance.
M. de Wollant, asserted yesterday afternoon that Russia does not desire the
dismemberment of -China and his views are based upon the proposal he sub-'
mltted to the President through the State Department.
While deeply gratified that Russia should have taken this position there Is a
disposition in certain quarters to suspect the motive of the St. Petersburg Gov
ernment. It Is no secret that Russia and Germany were believed to have deter
mined to pursue the same policy with r<?spect to China, and the dispatch of such
a formidable body of German troops and the augmenting of the German
squadron presaged to some officials here the intention of the two Governments
named to precipitate a partition of China. It is understood the Cabinet dis
cussed the probable causes of Russia's action, but aside from the belief that It
was due to desire to bring about the retirement of forces of the nations antag
onistic to her from the Chinese capita!, the officials are as much in the dark as
to the" reasons for the move as are thos« of any other nation.
"France undoubted^ will supi^rt the Russian proposal. Great Britain and
Japan may. approve it. though they may Impose the condition that the Russian
forces evacuate Nluchwang. and Germany will not. it Is believed, favor It. The
attitude of the United States will undoubtedly have an important bearing upon
'the action taken by European powers and Japan upon the Russian proposal, and
; !t, is -th-e Presiid^nt will -decide t«'rommunteute the American answer
to all the powers for their information.
When AM American, Calazens Have
Been Removed From the CM
• imese Capltail and Siirrouindang'
Territory the Umrted States 3s
Ready -to Accept the Scheme,
RUSSIA'S PLAN FOR
THE WITHDRAWAL OF
TROOPS FROM PEKING
PRICE -FIVE CENTS.
San francisco, Thursday; | august 30, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIU-NO. 91.
Europeans Consider the Streets Unsafe
After Nightfall and the General
Situation Is Critical
PLOT DISCOVERED
TO BURN SHANGHAI
MISS LAURA CONGER (IN WHITE) AND VISITORS IN THE COMPOUND OF THE 'AMERICAN LEGATION
AT PBKJNe,,--PROMrA PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN FOR HAKPEU'S WiBKLV-»JKS*B- ¦ >> • --
LATELY PRISONERS AT THE CHINESE CAPITAL.
The San Francisco Call.Special Dispatch to The CalL
LAYTONVILLE, Aug. 29.— With a roaring as of thunder and a great spouting of a mass of bluish-black
liquefied earthy matter, the remarkable mud volancoes of Mendocino County again became active to-day after
a subsidence of nearly f seven weeks. • • v . v J • -
The noise of the violent . disturbance was plainly heard all day and many people went to the scene im
mediately after the first evidence -of activity became known. This singular phenomenon is occurring at a point
eight miles south of here, V.'ltjs stated that, the -spouting of mud from the craters'" is contemporaneous with the
tides of the ocean, and it is thought that they are either connected with the ocean by some subterraneous channel
or acted upon- 'directly by\ the influence of, the moon or whatever i causes the Vbb and flow of the tides of the
sea.. Yet the volcanoes are twenty miles from the ocean. It is certainly a curious freak of nature and worthy
the research of the scientist -There are about twenty-five _of the volcanoes in\the group. The earth about is bar
ren of vegetation. The surface- 'of this barren spot appears as if some mighty hydraulic power, had cleared it of its
timber. , The volcanoes ; are ibout : five feet above the surfice.of the earth, from five to eight feet in diameter at the
base and from three to four feet at.the mouth. These muddy f craters are filled with a bluish mud of ¦ about the
consistency of boiling mortar. and. when active steam. and bubble like, boiling water and make a. thunderous roar
that can be heard for miles around. To-night the disturbance is so violent that the : mud belches '? forth o'verlthe
rims of 'the craters, " flowing. !down the mountain side. A warm vapor, that shoots high into the air, accompanies
the spouting ' of mud. *? • ,, W" .^ • \
Two Solano County "Weddings.
BLISUN. Atlg. 29.— Two weddings of In
terest took place In this county to-day
A. 1 . B1 r? s Lading M. G. Hutchinson and
Miss Mary Donnell were married and at
Scandia Otto W. Engell and Miss Louise
Lambrecht were wedded. Both events
were attended by prominent citizens of
the communities.
6T. JOSEPH. Mo.. Aug. 29.— Catcher
Kilns anfl Third Baseman Strong of $U
Joseph's team were to-night taken into
the National League. Chicago fretting
both men for next season. They will
finish playing with St. Joseph and report
directly to the Chicago Club's headquar
ters. Ted Sullivan, representing the Chi
cago club, to-night closed negotiations for
the two men. He thus evades drafting
them at the end of the season.
New Men for the Chicagos.
A benefit will be tendered to Miriam
Sydney Smith, the clever child artiste, at
Odd Fellows' Hall this evening. Sydney,
as she is familiarly known, has given her
services on many occasions to benefit en
tertainments and in return a host of vol
unteers will endeavor to make this affair
a complete success. A number of British
pea captains at present in port, with their
apprentices, and Company D of the
L^apue of the Cross Cadets have signified
their Intention of attending. . . .
Benefit to Miriam Sydney Smith. -
After a Period of TWo Mor\ths of Ir\activ>it\j These Won
derful FreaUs of Nature firz Again ii\ Eruption, tke
Rumblings Being ./ludible for Marvy jMes. ;
THUNDEROUS THE ROAT OF VOLCANOES
THAT SPOUT MUD IN MENDOCINO
Amos J. Bailey to Olive R. Ross, lot 62
Fountain plot, same; |5. .'
Walter G. Thompson to Victor Williams, lot
on S line of Eddy street, 175 \V of Pierce W
25 by S 137:6: $10.
I.nuis and Rose Llpman. Carl D. and Libby
A. Balfleld and Anglo-Callfornlan Bank, limited
to Samuel Glass, lot on E line of Stanyan
street. 125 S of Beulah. S 25 by E 131-3- Jio
Leah F. Mott to Gregory A. and Annie L,
Casey, lot on E line of Capp street, 25 N of
Adalr. N 25 by E 75; $10. • ' M * °r
Edward J. Le Breton to Arthur Rodgers
undivided one-quarter interest in lot on SW
line of Soear street, 77:6 NW of Mission NW
20 by SW «:10: $10.
Anna M. Palmer, Sarah E. Warren and
George E. Wlard to Thomas Shields, lot on S
by C s°80- jm'Joo 8treet * m E ° f Second -' E 2 s
Raymond A. and Winifred A. Perry to F A
Berlin, lot 24, block E; Lakeview; $10.
James W. Duncan to Jeremiah Noonan, undi
vided one-third Interest In lot In Masonic Ceme
tery: 175.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Affidavits Were Not Filed.
Attorney J. D. .Sullivan did not present
his affidavits yesterday charging Judge
Coffey with bias in ? the matter of the
Golden will contest. J. Dalzell Brown,
guardian of Thomas H. Golden, the con
testant, was substituted as plaintiff in
the action. He forthwith dismissed the
contest without prejudice. Though
Thomas H. Golden has been offered $2750
in settlement of any claim he may have
against the estate, he refuses to accept
this amount. Next Wednesday the peti
tion of the contestant to be adjudged
competent will be heard by a Jury, and if
the verdict Is in his favor Golden will, it
is said, file another contest. ;. >:
SHANKLIN AGAIN ESCAPES.
Quashing at Fresno of the District
Attorney's Information.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Aug. 29.^Judgre Mahon of
Kern County, sitting for Judge Webb, has
handed down an important decision in the
Shanklin embezzlemenjl case. He holds
that the information filed by the District
Attorney is not sufficient in point of law
and orders it quashed on this and other
technical grounds. District Attorney
Everts says he will appeal to the Supreme
Court.
This is the fourth time that Shanklin has
escaped punishment on technicalities. He
was formerly City Clerk and absconded
with several thousand dollars belonging
to the city. Last April he was arrested
In Oregon and brought back for trial.
Judge Cook of San Francisco sat at the
first trial and ordered the Jury to acquit
on technical grounds. The second trial re
sulted in the same way. Shanklin wax
again arrested, but the information wa3
knocked out before the trial.
The information quashed yesterday was
then flleff. The ex-Clerk has never denied
that he misappropriated the money.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Appointments and List of
, -Pensions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— Postmasters
appointed: California— A. E. Ulch, Ceres.
Stanislaus County, vice Robert Craig, re
signed. .
Oregon— C. J. Spitzbart, Fair Grounds.
Marion County, vice Theodore Nolf, re
signed; E. M.'Clymer. Fossle. Wheeler
County, vice L. J. Gates, resigned.
Pensions Issued: California — Original —
John M. Taylor. Soldiers' Home, Lob An
geles. $6. Increase— Daniel E. Hardy, Sac
ramento, $8; Joseph Burnhara, Fort Bragg,
$s.
Washington— Increase— Marshall , Clark,
Soldiers' Home, Orting, $10; Oscar Slosson.
Mount Vernon, $>; John Couch, Palouse
City. $8; John L. Dlckerson. New What
com. $8. Original widows — Eliza Jane Fit
terling. Port Angeles, $8.
Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin F. Pope,
deputy surgeon general United States
army, no\t^ on temporary duty at.the Pre
sidio. San Francisco* is assigned to per
manent duty at that post.
Doctors Choose Officers.
BUTTE, Mont.. . Aug. 29.— The Rocky
Mountain Interstate Medical Association
at its session to-day selected Denver as
the next meeting: place. In September.
1901, and elected the following officers:
President, Dr. C. R. Fleming. Denver:
first vice president. Dr. H. D. Miles. Salt
Lake; second vice president, Dr. F. W.
McCrlmmon, Butte; treasurer. Dr.
Charles "G. Plummer, Salt Lake; record-
Ing secretary. Dr. E. P. Perskey. Denver;
corresponding secretary. Dr. S. D. Hop.
kins, Denver; board of trustees— Dr. T. J.
Murray, Butte; Dr. James Carter, Wyom
ing; Dr. W. R. Pike. Utah; Dr. Charles
H. Jones. Arizona; Dr. J. H. Bean. Idaho,
and Dr. A. W. Holmes, California.
Captain Wilcox to Be Arrested.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 29.— Deputy Mar
shal Christian has gone to Wawona, Mari
posa County, to serve a warrant upon
Captain Wilcox, now In charge of a com
pany patrolling the-Yosemlte. In 1896 Wil
cox was a cavalry lieutenant and sued the
Government for the loss of a horse valued
at $200. The claim was paid, and subse
quently the Government concluded that
the horse was lost through the negligence
of the officer and notified him to refund
the money. .As he -has thus far failed to
return • the , amount .the . Government has
had issued a warrant for his arrest.
GAZELLE. Cal.. Aaf. 29.— A cage of small
pox has developed In the Hayden Hotel at Cal
lahans, supposed to have been brought here by
a woman recently vlsltlnr from Seattle.
Sl>eclal Dispatch to The. Call.
FOREST FIRES SPREAD.
Flames Are Cretting Beyond Control
in Los Angeles County.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 29.— Within the
last thirty-six hours the mountain flres,
overleaping the ridges, have gained great
volume and headway and reports received
this afternoon indicate that the watershed
of the Los Angeles city water supply is in
great danger of devastation. City Engi
r.eed Olmstead left this morning for the
scene of the fire.
W. M. Sullivan, proprietor of Sturte
vant's Camp, telephoned to this city at
noon, saying that a report had been re
ceived at the camp' to the effect that the
fire, which yesterday overleaped the ridge
separating the ¦west fork from the Little
Tejung Canyon, had to-day, after burn
ing fiercely in the last-named canyon,
overleaped into the Big Tejunga Canyon,
and Is now burning around and in Pine
Flats. All of these places form import
ant portions of tne source of this city's
water supply. ¦¦>'- :y <'.
Wreck of the Steamer Cutch.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Aug. 29.—
The steamer Topeka arrived from the
north at 11 o'clock \to-nlght with 150 pas.
sengers and $100,000 in gold dust.- Officers
of the Topeka report the British steamer
Cutch ashore on Horseshoe Reef, in
Stephens Passage, twenty-five miles from
Juneau. | The crew escaped. The steamer
Flossie 'from "Treadwell was dispatched
to the assistance ot . the wrecked vessel,
but it was thought she would become a
total wreck,
• •
Objects to Meat Law.
BERLIN, Aug. 29.— Italy has protested
against Germany's new meat law on the
ground that It contravenes the Italian-
German commercial treaty. • .
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 29.— The Grand
Council of the Catholic Ladles' Aid So
ciety spent the entire day in considering
proposed revisions of by-laws. Few
amendments were adopted.
Archbishop Rlcrdan sent the following
message to the council:
It -will be impossible for me to attend
the annual council of the Catholic Ladles*
Aid Society. I send, however, a special
blessing and fervent wishes that the meet
ing may result In great good to the society.
From its first organization to the present
hour It has been a credit to our. holy rell
trton and has done an Immense good in the
cause of charity. That it may continue
faithful In Its spirit is the hope of, sin
cerely yours, • P. J. RIORDAN.
The Rev. H. H. Wyman, C. S. P., in
regretting his inability to attend, said:
"Everything that concerns the interests
Of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society Is
dear to my heart and I hope and. pray
that God may guide you in your delib-
Cr The >I second day of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid £ Society Grand Council has been a
feature was the receiving of
congratulations and greetings. vr, h „ in ~
eluded those given above and the follow
ing from the Young Ladies' Institute: ,
The Young Ladies' Institute sends fraternal
greeting and wishes you all success. That your
efforts at this time will be/ for the best In
terest of your noble order is the prayer of the
'Youns Ladies' Institute. ANNIE POTOFF.
The past presidents who are present
and are entitled to seats ih the Grand
Council are:
Miss Mary Carr, Miss Maria Flynn pf : No. 1.
Oakland: Miss Lizzie Horn. Mrs. A.; B. Ma
«tflre of San Francisco No. 2: Miss Julia Weber.
¦S« J aSlMot Stockton No. 7: Miss Minnie
Pp™"lman Miss Emma Russell of San^FrancUco
No. 11; Miss Ella McGowan of San Rafael No.
22.
The nominations of officers will be made
! to-morrow. Miss Tully of San Francisco
Grand Council ol 'Catholic
Ladles' Aid Society Is
Very Busy.
CONSIDERING
REVISIONS OF
THE BY-LAWS
CAPE NOME MINING
CLAIMS IN DISPUTE
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
Grants an Appeal in Anvil
' Creek Cases.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday granted an appeal to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals to the
defendants In the case of Robert Chlpps
vs. Jafet Linderberg. Erik O. Lindbiom
and John Brynteson to quiet title to the
Discovery mine in the Nome district of
Alaska, and for the appointment Vif a re
ceiver. In the United States District
Court of Appeals a receiver was appoint
ed and several orders were made by the
court. The defendants sought an appeal,
but the appeal was denied by United
States District Judge Noyes of Alaska,
The defendants filed a bond of $35,000 with
Judge Morrow yesterday.
Similar action was taken in the matter
of the suit to quiet title to Placer mining
claim No. 2 on Anvil Creek. O. H. An
derson being the appellant and O. Jose
Comtois being the appellee. A bond of
$20,000 was filed.
Campbell & Metson appeared as attor
neys in the first case and E. S. Pillsbury
in the second.
has been appointed assistant secretary of
the convention.
The choir which has so freely given It*
services at the convention is composed of
Miss Lizzie Forne of Fresno. Miss Emma
Russell of San Francisco, Miss Caeser of
San Rafael, M. J. Breen of San Francisco;
Miss Lillie Forne. oreanist.
TIN WEDDING ANNIVERSARY.
Members of the C. L. A. S. Honor
Mrs. Samuel McFadden.
Special Disi.atch to Tbe Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 29.— Last ervenln?
being the tin anniversary of the marriage
of Mrs. Samuel McFadden, a grand direc
tor of the C. L. A. S.. the event was duly
celebrated. The programme given was as
follows:
"Kathleen Mavourneen" ..Miss Emma Russell
Rag-time selections Miss Russell
"The Holy City" Misses Caesar
Piano solo Miss Flynn
Acting Grand President Miss Marcella
Fitzgerald composed the following poem
in honor of the occasion:
A decade of glad wedded years.
A summer time of smiles and tears.
A measure crowded with Joys of life.
The Joys that bless a happy wife
Are thine, and may thy future be
With pleasure filled— from sorrow free.
SHOOTING DURING
AN OIL LANDS DISPUTE
Ex-County Recorder Wells With a
Rifle Resists an Attempt to
Seize His Homestead. #
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 29.— T. A. Wells.
ex-County Recorder, shot and wounded
J. M. Terrell to-day over land In the
Kern River oil district. The shooting
took place about four miles north of
town.
Wells rmrldes on tt\» land ancl oljlnn it
by homestead entry. Terrell. F. I* Walla
and others claim It by right of mineral
location. Early this morning Terrell and
his associates notified Wells that thev
were going to erect a derrick on the larnl
I to begin operations for oil. Wells warned
them if they did they would walk over
his dead body. Terrell and his men did
not heed the warning and three of them
I started to go on the tract with a »oad of
lumber. Wells, being in town, overtook
them. He jumped from his buggy, about
fifty yards away, with a rifle in his hands
and notified them if they attempled to
unload he -would fire on them.
Waits threw off some planks, when
Wells forced him to desist by covering
him with his rifle. Then Terrell tried it.
saying he had been shot at before. He
threw off two or three planks. Wel» told
him if he threw off another he wbula fire.
Off went another and Immediately a shot
rang out. and Terrell fell with a bullet
in the calf of one of his legs. This ended
the matter. Terrell's friends picked him
up and all drove for town.
Terrell and party were unarmed. There
would no doubt have been an exchange of
shots had they been armed, at least they
intimated as much. They declare they
will take possession of the land yet. and
Wells still sticks to It that if they set
It they will have to walk over his lifeless
body. 0
Rural Free Delivery atOrange County
SANTA AXA, Aug. 29.— Postmaster
Alexander has received a telegram from
Washington stating that orders have been
Issued establishing rural free delivery of
mails in this valley, to begin September
1 There will be three routes from Santa
Ana. one from Orange and several from
Anaheim and Fullerton.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 29.— The Hon. James
McLachlan. Republican nominee for Congress
from the Sixth Congressional District, spoke
at the Odd Fellows' Hall at Soquel thie'even
ine to a large audience.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 29.— Mrs. Anna Keiv
yon. a dressmaker, has asked for police protec
tion against the Prohibitionists. She also
claims that Christians torment her. She will
be examined on a charge of insanity to-mor
row.
• TACOMA, Aug. 29.— In the United States
court this afternoon Judge Hanford made an
order directing the sale of the Tacoma and Co
lumbia Iltver Railway, to be made after ad
vertising thirty days. The claims aggregate
about JcIO.OOO.
BOISE. Idaho. Aug. 29.— The Populists and
Democrats seem to be as far apart in the mat
ter of the proposed fusion as they were last
n'Sht and It can be said that the prospect of
the arrangements being made is distinctly
less favorable than it was twenty-four hours
ago. • - ¦ , . ' '
VALLEJO, • Aug. 29.— The Gibbs-Chambers
Packing Company has decided to purchase the
old Unlcn Pressed Brick and Terra. Cotta Com
pany's extensive property, at which their can
nery is now, located. In that event the can
nery will be one of Vallejo's permanent Indus-
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. H.— Word comes from
Gold >Beach, Curry County. Oregon, that Cole
man Oille-spie, need 21, has been convicted ot
the murder of Mrs. Edson. an aged lady, in
September last year, and sentenced to be
hangpd October 5. The murder was committed
tor the purpose of robbery.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 29. — President Wright
of the County Board of Education has re
ceived a letter from H. C./ Petray, president
of the Alameda County Board of Education,
stating that the Alameda ' County expert. Bul
lock, has refused to pass the board's claim*
for services since Judge Trask's decision de
claring a per diem to members of county
boards illegal. Mr. Petray proposes that the
Boards of Education of the State unite In
appealing the case to the Supreme Court.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 29.— J. E. King,
murderer, is in a cell in the County
Jail of Marin. awaiting arraign
ment for the slaying of S. H.
Church, the Two Rocks Valley
farmer. There is no doubt of the pris
oner's identity. To-night he admitted to
a Call reporter that he was King. He
was positively identified during the day,
also by Deputy Sheriff William IWtus of
Petaluma and S. L. Stlce, the latttf a son
in-law of the late Farmer Church, and
who was present at the time King shot
Church.
King's Theosophical Ideas.
King In his confession to The Call re
porter to-night stated that it was not
the keenness of the officers that resulted ,
in his capture, but ascribes it to a train of
unfortunate circumstances dating from
his mother's funeral several years ago.
King Is a Theosophist, and believes in the
occult sciences.
King was brought to this city to-day
from San Francisco. He arrived In the
custody of Deputy Sheriff M. H. Goe and
Constable J. G. Clark, who captured him
near Orland. King was taken directly
to the Sheriff's office, where he sat Im
passively In a chair while a score of peo
ple gazed at him and compared him with
the pictures already published. He never
uttered a word. His bronzed and drawn
face told a tale of hardship that no words
could have conveyed. He wore a dirty
suit of old blue jeans, a pair of pointea
shoes that had seen better days, a pair
of large smoked spectacles and a slouch
hat.
Dsnies His Identity.
When placed in a cell after his arrival
he refused tcr^admit his identity or pay
any attention when addressed as King.
"Address me by my right name, if you
please. It is Charles W. Wesley." was
his answer. .-.-*
When told by Sheriff Taylor that his
wife wanted to see him a momentary
Mash of emotion passed over King's face,
but he only said, "I would like to see
my wife if I had one." Then he softly
inquired, "Is Mrs. King upstairs?"
When told that she would be sent for
he said nothing. He at first refused to be
interviewed. When told that men were
coming from the scene of the shooting to
identify him he said he didn't know them.
So well and so strangely did he act that
more than one official began to doubt that
the prisoner was the slayer. It was re
marked that the man was partly de
mented. His wild actions and rambling
statements made the officials believe for
a time that the rigors of his flight had
overcome his reason. The only request
he made was for something to eat. After
eating he would talk.rhe said. The Sheriff
furnished him with a meal large enough
for two men and King ate heartily. He
still refused to talk and the officers anxi
ously await the arrival of S. L. Stice and
William Loftus, the latter a Petaluma
deputy sheriff, who had been sent for to
identify the prisoner.
Identification.
Upon the' arrival of the men they walked
Into King's cell. They immediately nod
ded " their -" heads In affirmation that the
prisoner was King. Loftus shook King's
hand, saying. "Well, old man. they have
got you at last." A sickly smile spread
over the prisoner's face, but he said
nothing. He did not admit his identity.
Stice looked him over from head to
foot. Through it all King remained as
Impassive as the dead. Stlce is the late
Mr. Church's -son-in-law and was on the
scene of the shooting: In, fact, he claims
that King took a shot at .him- after kill
ing Church. He fully identified the pris
oner. Sheriff Grace of Sonoma also looked
at King and thought that he recognized
him.
It was learned that King registered as
O. C. Smith and wife at a Petaluma hotel
on Augusts and 12 and September 7, 189i».
Confesses to a Call Reporter.
King did not break his sllenceuntil 7;30
o'clock to-night, when he was interviewed
by a Call reporter. He had evidently con
cluded to throw off the mask and clear
away the mystery of his identity. He re
fused to talk about his case and when
asked as to his travels he developed | a
commercial Instinct and stated ¦ between
gentle laughs that he would 'write a beau
tiful story of his experiences for a con
sideration ranging between. $50 and $100.
"The story will be worth it." he' re
marked. He further said: "I am. feeling
better now." My head aches, though. The
air in the City Prison last night- was very
bad. They gave me two meals in one
here to-day." - v " :
When asked about his treatment when
arrested he said:
"Constable Clark is all right- He used
me well, but Goe was no go."
The attempted fun caused him to laugh.
When reference was made to the run h<»
gave the officers he could not conceal the
sense of pride that filled ' him. He said
that he could give any officer in the State
advice that would be worth $1000.
King's Queer Theory.
It developed . In . the course of the Inter
view that King is a tbeosophist. He said:
"I believe in occult science. My capture
was not brought about by the prowess of
any officer, but by a train of clrcurr.
etajices leading from my mother's funeral
two, years ago to the funeral of Mri
Clark the other day. Constable Clark
left his wife's funeral to capture King.
"I can see- it all now. When I went
over toward Paskenta I did wrong and I
knew it at the time. If I had kept on
I would now have been in the heart of
Oregon by. this time. It was. not to be,
nowever, and I am here." •
'.Sheriff Taylor showed him the key 'to
"his home and he asked the Sheriff how
he got it
King; is crafty and full of ingenuity.
During his flight ¦ he would change his
shoes and clothes at least twice a day.
At the time of his capture he wore a pair
of moccasins made of cloth.: During his
trip he acted, at i various . times , the blind
man, the deaf man and the tramp. He
openly ; stated to-night that If it had not
been for the peculiar circumstances men-
tloned the officers would never have got
him. • ' ; '
Talks of His Flight.
King, however, admitted that Sheriff
Taylor had him hard-pressed, more than
once and that at one time the Sheriff was
only six miles behind him. He continued:
"Taylor was coming all the time, but I
am too old a woodsman to let any officer
catch me in the mountains.'-.
King to-night enlisted the services of
Lennon & Hawkins to defend him at his
trial. He will be arraigned before Judgo
Rodden here next •Saturday and the pre
liminary hearing will be held next
Wednesday. His attorneys have told hint
to remain silent and he Is not the man la
disobey their instructions.. They will
hereafter do all the talking for him.
Special Dispatch to The Call. -
SAN JOSE, Aug. 29.— A revision of
the general school law was accom
plished at the sessions of the City
and County School Superintendents
to-day. While there were many
changes the convention practically con
curred in recommendations of the bien
nial sessions of 1896 and 1S98.
The discussions were generally joined in
and great Interest was manifested In the
matter, y ' *.
State Superintendent Kirk presided over
the meeting.
¦ Professor Charles H. Allen, for many
years principal of the San Jose Normal,
and Professor Volney Rattan were elect
ed honorary members. Mr. Allen ad
dressed the Superintendents on the many
changes in school work during the past
thirty years. /
Matters relating to the certification of
teachers, compulsory attendance at
nis. Hill, Baldwin. Greely, Graham, Dunn.
Sackett.
Election of teachers — Superintendents J. W.
Ltnseott. Wagner, White, Lauguemore, Wood,
Owen?. Crawford.
High school amendments — Superintendents
Barker, Barr, Erlewlne, Russell, Hughes, Ed
wards. Barbee.
Textbooks— Superintendents J. H. Strine,
Howard, Brown, Gordon, Tilton, McCarthy,
Clir.e.
Concentration and supervision of rural schools
— Superintendents Hyatt, Smith, Irmle, Grove,
Crulkshank, Bahr, Ramsay.
County school tax— Superintendents Gordon,
Jones. Persona, Reader, Scott. Waters, Wright.
•These committees will report " to-mor
row, when it is expected some important
action will be taken.
This afternoon the Superintendents were,
taken for a ride about the orchards and
this evening a band concert and reception
was tendered them at the Sainte Claire
Club. "
A trip to Mount Hamilton and a look
through the Lick telescope Is the plan of
entertainment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i school, concentration aud supervision of
rural school districts, employment of
teachers, management of normal schools
and county taxation -were discussed.
The report of the educational commis
sion, appointed some time ago to consider
the wants and needs of the grammar and
1 primary schools of the State, was pre
sented. The following committees were
appointed to consider the various subjects
treated:
Certification of teachers— Superintendents C.
L. McLane, , Daniel Furlong Webster. Chope.
Walker. Bagnell*. , -•-'¦¦ .." .
Compulsory education— Superintendents I*. J.
Chlpman. Coulter, Davidson, Waterman, Hill.
Barr. McClymonds.
Government of normal schools ana State
Board of Education — Superintendents C. I*. En-
SuperiQtendents in Convention at Sao Jose
Adopt Revisions -to g e Submitted to the
Legislature for fiction.
FORMULATION OF NEW
PUBLIC SCHOOL LAWS
The Young Man Is Found Wandering
in Reno's Streets, Bereft of
: Beason and With Wounds
on His Head.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
PETALUMA, Aug. 29.— Information was
received here to-day that Hugh B. Gil
roy, a prominent young business man of
this' ¦'city, who recently, went to Wlnne
mucca, Nev., on a business trip, has been
foully 'dealt with. •. Devoid of reason and
exhausted from a severe beating about
the head, he was found a few days ago
wandering aimlessly about Reno. As he
was unable to give any account of him
self or tell where his home was, he was
taken before the Insanity Commissioners
and committed: to the State insane asy
lum, where he died 'to-day. Before his
death he recovered sufficiently, to inform
authorities that he came from Petaluma,
after which he again relapsed into rav
ings. He was unable to give any account
of 'his misfortune, even to state when or
where It occurred. He formerly worked
for Hurd & Dies and later entered Into
partnership in the plumbing business with
M. Sutton. s
Some of Gllroy's friends here state that
he has been. acting In an erratic manner
for some time past. He was a member ot
the Woodmen of the World and held a
high office in the Foresters of America.
He was popular among the 'young people
of- this city, and his untimely end is ben
erally regretted. Gilroy has a divorced
wife residing in Marysvllle. A message
was sent to her to ascertain the where
abouts of his relatives, as none reside in
this city.
IT MAY BE A CASE OF MURDER
Mystery Surrounds Passing
of Hugh B. Gilroy
in Nevada.
DEATH COMENS
TO A PETALUMAN
IN A MADHOUSE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 23.— There was a
remarkable incident at the Republican
County Convention here to-day, when A.
L. Shinn, a prominent lawyer, in nomi
nating Devine for Superior Judge, said j
that he (Shinn) had been a life-long Dem
ocrat; that he had grown accustomed to
look Republicans in the face and wage
war against them in many a battle: that
he pull "Relieved it his duty to face the
Republicans, but in a different attitude;
that he had come to realize that the Re
publican party stood for progression and
patriotism, and that it was the duty of
every good citizen, irrespective of prior
convictions, to sustain the policy and ad
ministration of William ilcKinley.
Mr. Shinn further said that he had j
never in his whole life cast his vote for
tlie head of the Republican ticket, but he
proposed to do so at the approaching
election, having concluded that the
American principles put forward by the
' Republican party should be indorsed by
every patriotic citizen and the McKinley
&dmmistration sustained.
Mr. Shinn's speech was a surprise to the
convention, which broke forth in uproar,
lous applause.
The convention completed its labors
late this afternoon by the nomination of
the following ticket:
For Superior Judge — James B. Devine.
For State Senator— Robert T. Devlin.
For Affomblyman Twentieth District — Grove
L Johnson.
For Assemblyman Twenty-first District—Jud
f-on C. Bra Me.
For Atsemlilyinan Twenty-second District —
W. W. Greer.
For Supervisor Second District— W. R. Jones.
For Supervisor Third District— M. J. Dillman.
For FUptrviEor Fourth District — William Cur
tis.
For Justice of the Peace— W. A. Anderson.
For towrship Justice of the Peace — Jay R.
Brown.
F<^r Justice of the Peace. Sutter Township—
E. M. Hoj>rw. •
Prominent Democrats said to The Call
correspondent to-night that Peter J.
Shields would undoubtedly be nominated
by the Democracy for Superior Judge to
run against Devine. and that Gillis Doty,
the incumbent, would be nominated for
the Senate to oppose Devlin. George
Runyon of Courtland will be chosen to
run against \V. W. Greer for the Assem
bly and William A. Gctt of this city
against BniFie. No candidate has yet
been selected to oppose Grove L. John
5on in his Assembly district. Devlin, the
nominee for Senator, is a member of the
State Board of Prison Directors. Devtne
is a former City Justice and corporation
counsel.
DENOUNCE CANTEEN SYSTEM.
Prohibitionists Pass a Censorious
Resolution and Name Candidates.
Epecisl Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Aug. 29.— There was a small
attendance at the State Convention of
Prohibitionists which concluded its labors
here this afternoon.
A platform was adopted denouncing- the
liquor traffic and the old parties for their
silence in regard to It. Other planks fa
vor equal suffrage of both sexes, the elec
tion of President and Senators by a direct
vote of the people, the initiative and ref
erendum. Government ownership of pub
lic utilities, the establishment of postal
pavings banks and the addition of a sec
retary of education to the Pre&idenfo
Cabinet. A resolution was adopted de
nouncing in sensational language ihe can
teen system In the Philippines.
The following nominations were mad*.:
First IMstrict — Congressman, C- T. Clark of
Napa: Fleet or, L. A. Gobi* of Eureka.
Second District— Congressman, W. H. Bar
ren of Soultbj-ville; Elector, Leroy Atwood of
Stockton.
Third District — Congressman. A. W. Holt of
OahlanJ; Elector, M. C. Winchester of Vallejo.
Fourth District— CongrwEinan Joseph Rowell
of - Sa.r. Francieco; Elector. X. Morcom of
Fan Fr-anci»»o.
Fifth District — Congressman. William gum
mem of San Jose; Elector, "William Kelly of
San Jose.
Sixth District — ConRreteman. James Campbell
of Pasadenna: Elector. Kev. S. Bristol of \>n
tura.
f»venth District — Congressman, Rev. H. A
HexKley of Madera; Elector.' Rev. J. W. \V>bt
of West Park.
WEARY OF BRYAN.
Jackson Democrats Who Will Give
Support to William McKinTey.
Epeelal Dispatch to The Call. ,
JACKSON, Aug. 29.— A'' Democratic
newspaper of San Francisco a few days
ago said there were a number of men
here who, four years ago, voted for Mc-
Kinley, but were now supporting Bryan,
while none who supported Bryan were for
McKinl^y. The informant must have
overlooked the Republican badge so con
6r»icuoAjsly worn by Frederick Eudey,
cafhier of the Bank of Amador County,
and must also have been ignorant of th\
fact that Henry Eudey, president of the
bank, refused to attend the late Demo
cratic caucus, and although It was sn>
nounced in the local press that he was a
delegate, he peremptorily refused to al
low his name to be printed on the ticket.
Returns from primaries just in show
the election as delegates to the Repub
lican State Convention to be Hon. John
F. Davis, James E. Dye, H. E. Potter,
F. M. Whit more. Jack Marchant and
Hon. E. C. Voorhlea. - - . - -
EOOEES BENOJtINATED.
Besnlt of the Union Caucus at
Spokane,
SEATTLE. Aug. 2D.-The conference
committee of the Union convention met
to-day and adopted a platform in con
formity with the principles of the Demo
cratic party as set forth In the Kansas
City platform. Governor Rogers was re
nominat»d and Colonel F. -C. Robertson
of Spokane and J. T. Roland secured the
Congressional nomination.
DRAMATIC CONVENTION SCENE.
In His Speech Mr. Shinn Says That
the American Principles of Re
publicans Should Be In
dorsed by Patriots.
Lawyer SMnn oi Sacra
mento, a Life-Long Dem
ocrat, So Announces.
DESERTS BRYAN
AND WILL STAND
BY McKINLET
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 2).— When the six-,
te«n Japanese prisoners who are held
here in jail awaiting the outcome of the
injuries they inflicted on the five China
men yesterday afternoon in the fierce fight
at the Novato ranch were to-day exam
ined by District Attorney Mclsaac the
men were brought up one at a time to his
office and were treated to an up-to-date
examination, wherein an interpreter from.
San Francisco and a shorthand reporter
took an active part. Mr. Mclsaac said
that the stories of the men were contra
dictory. AH of them stated that they
took no active part In the assault other
than to try to stop it.
Last night the men were separated aa
much as the facilities of the jail would
permit. .They were not allowed to talk
with their visiting countrymen. The Dis
trict Attorney says that he got some ad
missions from several that were exam
ined.
The mainstay of the prosecution in the
case will be the testimony of Miss Ethel
Green and 'Miss Alice Mansablea, who
were in the packing house at the time
and saw the commencement of ih»
trouble. They say that they can identify
the men who started the trouble and used
the clubs. They are the only white wit
nesses to the commencement of the row.
To-morrow they will be sent for and
called upon to pick out the guilty men.
From the investiBation held here to-day
suspicion of the authorities has been di
rected against H. Matsutani, E. Himrae,
Y. Hlkido and W. Matsutani. The Mat
sutanls are supposed to be the men who
inflicted the terrible injuries on Ching
Fon%.
All the injured Chinese are doing well,
and Chins Fong. who it was though:
would die last night. Is still alive. Dr.
Kuzer stated that the man may recover,
but that he is in a critical condition.
Nothing will be done with the prisoners
for several days. Ex-District Attorney
Martlnelll has been retained to defend
1 them.
The Japanese this morning presented a
i sanguinary and revolting appearance..
Their clothing was still covered with the
pore of their victims. They expressed no
regret for their acts.
At the Preliminary Examination tha
Prisoners Tell Conflicting Stories
of the Fierce Battle on
the Ranch.
MAKE DENIAL OP COMPLICITY
TWO GIRLS WILL
TESTIFY AGAINST
THE JAPANESE
Bloodthirsty Brown Men
Who Beat Noyato Chinese
Heldlor Trial.
KING MAKES CONFESSION
AND TELLS OF HIS FLIGHT
In H»s Cell in Mario County Jail the Slayer
Relates to a Call Reporter How He
Can>e to Be Captured.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 30, 1900.
PROFESSOR M. E. DAILEY OF THE SAN JOSE STATE NORMAL
SCHOOL, WHO IS CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMITTEE ON RECEPTION
AT THE STATE CONVENTION OF SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENTS.
S. U STICE. SON-IN-LAW OF THE LATE FARMER CHURCH. AND,
DEPUTY SHERIFF WILLIAM LOFTUS IDENTIFY THE PRISONER IN
THE MAR1N COUNTY JAIL AS THE MURDERER OF THE TWO
ROCKS VALLEY RANCHER.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For - the cars ot GONORRHOEA. GLEETS
STRICTURES and analacoua coscplalnta ut th
Organ* ot Generation.
Price II a bcttle. For ami* If dnuslats.
|||| ANY MAN
ffsffaKjSaiN WHO
iMiSUFFERS
or m Just beginning to sutler from the weak-
ening effects of self-abuse or ove~ inJulst»nc«
and baa night emissions or lost power, can bo
permanently cured by our wonderful and never-
falling method. Wrlto If you cannot call at
the office. Delay Is always dang«roaa. Our
new system of treatment by mall u something
wonderful. Writ* for curious and Interesting!
book and circular. Sent in plain sealed pack<J
aee free. Nothing- erer sent C. 0. I>. unlcn^l
particularly ordered. Address PR- COOPER
* CO.. 313 Kearny st.. S. F.
Cures Hood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stage
of the Dlseisj.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Failed
to Even Help.
There has been discovered by the 8tat»
Medical Institute. 103 Elektron fculldln*. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. the most remarkable. Blood Polaon
cure ever beard of. It has cured all such in-
dications as mucous patches In the mouth,
sor* throat, copper colored tpota. chancre*,
ulcerattons on the body and In hecdreds or
cases where the hair and eyebrows tad fallea
out and the whole skin was a mat* of boils,
pimples and ulcers this wonderful treciflo haj
completely changed the whola .jedy Into a
clean perfect condition of physical } enitr..
Every railroad running Into Fort v»*yne brings
•cores of sufferers seeking this new and raarv«i.
ous cure and to enable those who oonnot irav#l
to realize what a truly marvelous wirk t&« In-
stitute Is accomplishing they wll. s-nd tree tu
every sufferer a free trial treatment so liiat
every »ne can cure themselves .a the. privacy
of their own home. Tbls la th« a.ily known
cure for Blood Poison. Do not oealtata to
wrlto at once and *he fre« trial wlU * sent
sealed In plain package.AN EASY GAME.
Jack — I held lovely hands last night, as
pretty a pair as you ever saw.
Tom — A pair never amounts to anything.
Jack— Oh. these were not that kind of
a game; they were Ethel's, and as hers
are the only pair in Millionaire Thomp
son's deck, I'll not have to do any more
shuffling pretty soon.
A DISCREET CHOICE.
"William, a poor man came along and
asked for a hat."
, "What did you do?"
"I gave him your Sunday hat."
"What on earth did you do that for?"
"Well. I knew you would need your old
one to wear when you go fishing." — Chi
cago Record. .
Curious Warning.
Students of the occult sciences will find
an interesting occurrence In Incidents
which happened in the household of
George Jennings on Temple street, Mt
"Washington, last Saturday night just as
James Snee lest his life on. the railroad
crossing at Washington street.
The 15-year-old daughter of Mr. Jen
nings has been seriously ill for som« time,
requiring constant care from her parents
and the attending physician. Saturday
evening shortly before 10 o'clock while the
young girl was resting in her room under
the care of her mother, she appeared to
lose consciousness to such an extent as
to cause alarm and the sending for the
physician. Dr. George E. Goodwin.
Suddenly she seemed to be aroused from
her unconsciousness and cried out: "Papa,
do not cross the tracks. One is enough.
You will be killed."
She rej>eated the warning cries in va
rious forms several times and then be
came quiet. Her attendants were alarmed
by her speech and actions and anxiously
awaited the coming of the physician.
Mr. Jennings was away at the time, but
returned a few minutes later, and when
he was told of the occurrence offered an
explanation which in part solved the
mystery. He had just come through 'the
street and was at the railroad crossing
when James Snee attempted to cross the
tracks and was killed. At the time he
was about to attempt the crossing also,
but somehow he was restrained. He was
a witness of the terrible accident. — Haver
hill (Mass.) Special to Boston Journal, j
quets and bouquets. If they consist of
buds or short-stalked blossoms mounted
on wire the only thing to do is to water
or syringe them "overhead" and put them
for an hour under a bell glass. But if they
are mounted on morsels of cane or bam
boo they may be simply untied and put
in water. Capillary attraction then comes
into play, the cane takes up the moisture
and transmits it to the stalks of the flow
ers, keeping them damp enough to live
for some time, though, as they do no;
actually touch the water, decay does not
set in for several days.
A capital method of warding off the
corruption that makes mignonette, asters,
stocks and some other flowers very speed
ily unpleasant is to mix with the water
in which they are placed a little sal am
moniac, four grains to the quart being
sufficient.
Another mode Is to hold the cut flowers
In the steam of hot water directly they
are unpacked, and then to put the ends
of the stalks In boiling water for two or
three minutes, cut off the parboiled ends
and place them in a vase with tepid
vater in the ordinary way. The latter
part of the treatment Is also available for
flowers that are beginning to wither a
little, though the evil day of fading can
not be long postponed.— Boston Globe.
PA IN A SMALL CORNER.
"Say, pa!"
"What is it?"
"It says in the paper that when the
Boers went away from Pretoria they' left
their wives behind." ¦.:-•¦'.:¦;
"Yes."
"Why did they do that, pa?"
"Well, it might have been because It'
was the first chance they ever had to—
hello, ma! When did you come in? I
don't know why they left them. Perhaps
there was no way the ladies could get
their trunks taken to the depot. Now,
don't bother me' any more. I want to
read about- the- war In China," — Chicago
Times-Herald. J&SiSmSSBm
UTILIZED AT LAST.
' Fuddy— Women , are funny things. They
have now eot to carrying their handker
chief s In their pocketbooks.
Duddy— Oh, well, they might as well
carry something In their pocketbooks.—
Boston Transcript.
ow to Freshen Them With Moss,
WAYS TO REVIVE FLOWEES.
Tepid Water and Morsel of
Charcoal.
There are Beveral methods of reviving
flowers known to experts. One of the chief
reasons why they fade Is because the
stalks are bruised when they are cut or
gathered. \
The way to remedy this Is to take a
fine thread of wire and Insert It at the end
of the stems, pushing it a little way up.
Then bind round the stalk a little pad of
damp cotton or moss, arrange the flowers
In tepid water with a morsel of stick char
coal in each vnse and a few sprays of
greenery If possible, and. in a half-hour
the flowers will expand and look as If they
had only just been gathered.
In order to preserve their beauty as long
as possible,' every evening place the vase
on a stone floor, or on a . large old tray
that Cannot . be - injured : by damp, and
either syringe with lukewarm water, or
pour it over them from a small can with
a fine nose. In the morning cut about a
quarter of an Inch from each stalk and
throw away every , drop of the water, re
placing It with fresh, from which the
chill has been taken. ';
When : flowers . made : up • into bouquets
are received, as they often are on birth-
OayB or other : domestic anniversaries,
they look perfectly charming to start
with, but often fade as soon as they are
put in water. V Of course there are bou-
The Day's Dead
Lieutenant Commander Shearman.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— Lieutenant
Commander John A: Shearman, U. S. N.,
died to-night at the Chelsea Naval'Hos
pital, Boston. He entered the service
Juno 13. 1871. >
Probably the most distinguished event
of Shearman's career in, the navy was his
heroic conduct during the Samoan hur
ricane, on March -'16, 18S9, which resulted
in the wrecking of three American men
of-war, the Trenton, Vandalia and Nipsic,
and three German men-of-war, the olga,
Adler and Eber, and the loss of 146 lives.
At the time of that disaster Shearman
was a lieutenant and the senior watch
officer of the Nipsic, Commander D. W.
'Mullan. 'At the height of the storm ; the
Nipsic was beached in front of the Amer
ican consulate at Apia and was in great
danger of being pounded to pieces by the
waves that were breaking over her. With
the assistance of the natives a nawscr
was made fast between the forecastle of
the Nipsic and a. tree on shore and by
means of this hawser, with the iurthtr
assistance of the natives, nearly all the
officers and crew of. the vessel were saved.
Shearman was the last man to leave ths
Nipsic. Commander Mullan insisted upon
being the last, but as Mullan could not
swim Shearman insisted upon placing his
commander In a ship's cask and helping
•him down the dangerous passage in thi
way. ; When he had accomplished/ this
Shearman climbed down the rope by his
hands. During the remainder of' the 'day
Shearman did more than any other officer
ashore to rescue the drowning men who
were washed overboard from the .sunken
Vandalia, giving directions to American
sailors and natives who were doing every
thing possible to save the men in the
water.
Rear Admiral Kimberley, in his official
report of the disaster, specially com
mended Shearman's gallant conduct dur
ing the storm.
Professor Henry Sigwick.
LONDON", Aug. 29.— Professor Henry
SiswTclC professorof moral philosophy at
Cambridge University since 18S3, is dead
He v/as born in 1S3S._
Mrs. Mary E. Reese.
LANCASTER, Ohio,. Aug 2£— Mrs!
Mary E. Reese, sister of General W. T.
Sherman and ex-Senator* John Sherman,
died to-day from the effects of. a fall
downstairs, which happened a week "ago
Her husband, William T. Reese, died
some years ago. f
Bev. Francis S. McCabe.
TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. 29.— The* Rev. Dr.
Francis S, McCabe died here at 10 o'clock
to-night, aged 77 years. He came to To
peka from •; Peru. Ind. , In 1S88, and was
pastor of :, the : First Presbyterian Church
until 1882 where he resided. He was prom
inently Identified with the church
throughout the Wcat.1eSB%aBM—M
stump Illinois. Indiana, Ohio, Wisconsin,
Michigan. Minnesota, New York. New
Jersey, Maryland and West Virginia.
This change of his plan was announced
to-day by Senator J. K. Jones, chairman
of tho Democratic National Committoi;,
and Mr. Bryan's Itinerary is now- being
worked out by J. G. McConville, chairman
of the speakers' bureau.
Mr. Bryan will leave Lincoln Friday
night. On Saturday he will speak at some
points in Illinois on his way to Chicago,
lie will reach Chicago Monday, and on
that day will make his I>abor-day speech
here. He will then go to Milwaukee for
the bip Democratic picnic September 8.
He will he at Fort Wayne September. 13
and the following day will be heard at
Columbus, Ohio. These are all the dates
that have been definitely decided upon,
but it is settled that Mr. Bryan will go
to St. Louts next week before poinpr to
Milwaukee. A trip to West Virginia
comes early on the programme. From
West Virginia It is expected he will swing
around the -circuit into Maryland, New
Jersey and New York, and then he will
turn "westward once more and devote
some time In Ohio and other Middle West
ern States. < ', f
SENATOR DEPEW WILL
SPEAK IN CHICAGO
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— Senator Depew
called to see Senator Hanna at Repub
lican headquarters to-day. It is under
stood Senator Depew will speak in Cali
fornia before he does In New York State.
Senator Hanna gave out to-day the pro
gramme for his movements between now
and ejection. He expects to spend two
•weeks at a time in New York and Chi
cayo.
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT
TO SPEAK IN KANSAS
TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. 29.— Chairman
Albaugh of the Republican State Commit
tee to-day announced that Governor
Roosevelt will be In Kansas September
28 and 29. He will enter Kansas from
Colorado on the Rock Island and will
speak from the rear platform of a spe
cial train.
WINNIPEG. Manitoba, Aug. 29.— The Cana
dian Pacific strike Is practically settled. The
mechanics' and boiler-makers' schedules have
been fully agreed upon.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 29.— The Census Bureau
announces the census of Wilmington, Del., at
7« 508 against 61.431 in 1S?O. This Is an in
crease of 15,077, or 24.54 per cent. Also of
Paterson, N. J., at 105,171, as against 7S.347.
This is an increase of 26,824, or 34.24 per cent.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Au*. 29.— The national
headquarters of the Mlddle-of-the-rioad Popu
lists was opened to-day at 341 Fifth street, with
Chairman J. A. Parker in charge. It is the
intention of the National Populist party ¦ to
make a particularly hard fight in Kentucky,
the leaders say.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Aug." 23.— Richard Combs,
known as "Tallow Dick." charged with com
plicity in the assassination of Goebel, and who
Kave bonds Saturday, was arrested to-day on
an indictment returned in 1S5S in Clark County,
charging him with the Illegal sale of whisky.
He was taken to Clark County.
GLASGOW, Aug. 23.— Two girls and a boy,
members of Isolated families, have fallen vic
tims of the bubonic plague, though the medical
authorities assert that the attacks are less
virulent than in the cases which have already
proved fatal. In the erent of a further spread
of the disease Glasgow shipping will be quar-
LONDON, Aug. 29. — The Duke of Manchester
to-day was adjudicated a bankrupt, entailing
his resignation from all his clubs. The peti
tions to the bankruptcy court included one of
the young nobleman himself, whose acceptances
are so widely distributed In unknown hands
that his friends for some time have strongly
urged this radical course.
BAYAMO province of Santiago de Cuba.
Aug.' 20. At Manzanlllo yesterday General Bar
tolone Maso declined the nomination for a dele
gate to the convention in spite of the great
pressure brought to bear on him, claiming that
it would identify him with a political party
and that his acceptance would defeat his am
bition for the Presidential nomination, to
which he aspires. fj K";.;f -;l
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
CHICAGO. Augr. 29. — Prominent m»n
from all p*rts of the country gathered
Ground the tables In the banquet hall of
?he Auditorium Hotel to-night to attend
-.be feast given by the Hamilton Ciub oi
this city in their nonor. The Hamilton
Cub is a Republican organization anu
after the banquet politics was the chief
th ng under discussion.
T-e great hall ; was never more hantl-
Bon (»|y or elaborately decorated. The
waJlg were hur.s with the national color?,
grreu: bouquets and garlands of flowers
cf the rame colors as those in the fla.y
were to be found on every table and the
cernr.vions throughout were of a patri
otic ar.d military character. Among the
bbtable ~up&«s were Sneaker Henderson,
Be&fttO! Davis of Minnesota, Senator Dol-
Bver of kiwa. Comptroller of the Currency
Daves; <'oimnander in Chief Shaw of tho
Grand Army of the Republic. General
USes, Major General Louis Wagner, Gen
eral DanUl E. Sickles, Judge L»eo RaU>
to'zy and it h^rs.
President Hangs opened the speech
rr-a*kui?r wit>i a short address, at the end
r.f whi'-h h introduced Speaker Hender
f on who ejK.ke briefly. The address was
inoft happil> received and Speaker Hen
.(iorxon "was heartily cheerea as he rc
euratrd hl#< »>eat.
Secator Ouhman K. Davis replied In
I art as foilovg to the toast "Our Des
t'v.v:"
Xo Democrat! platform, no. Democratic
!;«-.iker. . •>x;»rc-s*=>- l an y satisfaction with our
t.-U;:r.phs !n war, .-.r wjth the abounding pros
jfrity «>f our peo;>,' or with our International
( v . r- if r'oy. How mn they rejoic<" in a pros
r~rlly which falfis*^ n-«y prediction they
r- »d«- f tur years t r o. and the ai>j»roval °'
»hlch nn* would pfut«» every claim that they
can posdfty ruaks : or their p-rtltical re?tora
t*3n? MHfa«MHgii|hMIPM
The jijes^nt administration ha^ kept the faith
In which tUe American people Invested It with
power, has performed *-very act. to which It
Ml"iapiiMilT* and hnr fuiniVd every expecta
tion wliich ha« arisen from sudden events
*h«.h w«-r<> unforesfron !o ur year* aro.
Tlie J«-niocra.tic |aarty wu silent reap»»ctins
rur relation* "with Chtr.a tx'cause to declare
il'lninns upon that eubjnt which the American
p*-«He would not re^en» with contempt and
f}-jrn r.ith difp-as-t would cause the broomFtlck
MA wt of imperialism and militarism to vanieh
4' .-in instant. - Ho to iTi»ak. would annihilate
JJ--** -jaranjount issue*- because It would
vm'.t that even the Wind when told can per
ceive oven !f they cannot see It that the sta
tn*. th«> occupation and th«. sovereignty ot the
Cnlt-d Ftate* Sn the Phl!i»pi n <?» are at thU
tnom«>nt and In this great crteis of civilization
»w.ir.aii<3inr an<1 absolutely indispensable.
*h*>' vindicate the wisdom cf " holdlnr those
POMu'.ons, cnles* the United Btates la to re-
Bays Imperialism Is Not the Para
mount Issue of the Campaign
and Cannot Be
Made So.
Discusses the' Philippines
Question Before the
Hamilton Club.
SENATOR DAVIS
SPEAKS FOR THE
ADMINISTRATION
NEW YORK. Aug. 29— A few days ago
Dr. Hepworth, representing the New York
Ilorald, wrote to former President Cleve
land asking for an expression of opinion
on the political situation. The following
was received in 'reply:
My Dear Dr. Hcpworth— Tour letter is re
ceived. I am quite sure you wronsrly estimate
the value of any expression I might make con
cerning the DOlltlcal situation.
Besides. I am by no means free from the
r>erj>lexity which now afflicts thousands of I
those who love the principles of true Democ
racz: In these circumstances I am not In
clined to advise others as to their present po
litical fluty. A crisis has arisen when each
rran'n conscience and patriotic sense should be
his guide. Inasmuch, therefore, as neither cer
tainty of my ability to rightly advise, nor any
call of obligation prompts me to discuss politi
cal conditions. I think I ought to be permitted
(n my retirement, to avoid the Irritation and
abuse which my Interference at this time would
inevitably invite. Yours very truly.
GROVER CLEVELAND.
BRYAN TO TAKE THE
FIELD IN THE EAST
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— William J. Bryan
will lead the fight of the Democrats him
self In the Central and Eastern States.
He will take command next week in Chi
cago and then begin an invasion of Re
publican territory, ¦ for he has decided to
cede to the shores of the American continent,
become herself a little >fhina, cancel herself
as a factor in the Kreat civilizing and com
mercial change in the Asiatic Orient, an event
fully as important as the discovery of America
t>y Columbus.
Imperialism Is not the paramount issue of
the campaign and cannot be made so. The ad
justmen: of any question as to the Philippines
1b to be considered after rebellion against the
sovereignty and authority of the United States
has been pot down. The paramount issues this
year are financial and eoonimic. Shall the
anti-protection party of the 18 to 1 be put In
power to .idvance Its principles by the enor
mous powers of executive influence in case Mr.
Bryan le elected, and win the first engage
ment In a. campaign, the next battle of which
will be for the control of both houses of Con
grresy?
The question for the plain people is. do they
wish, with the Instructions of a bitter experi
pt»*» fresh and deep in their memories, to
change cr submit to the chanpe of that abound
lnc prosperity which came -with the election
of President McKinley— a prosperity which no
L>r:nocratic platform cr speaker denies, nor
dare not rejoice in or even allude to. Agtiln
aldo rpn wait until the American people take
"a bond of fate" if necessary by annihilating,
for the preservation of their own domestic in
terests, the political combination which is st
the ftune time their enemy and the aider and
abettor of the Tajral rebels.
Thf Immediate duty of thin Government as to
th» Philippines Is to maintain Its sovereignty
and to crush the rebelifon against it. What
it« constitutional powers and limitations ere
can tie mere profitably discussed and consid
ered after th? authority of the United States
fhaJ! have hwn firmly established. I do not
believe that the constitution contains any dis
abling ir.h!hftat!nns which will prevent this
Government from governing those islands as
their l^Et interests' may demand and according
to the oar<a<itlei. of their people. No such dif
ficulties intervened In the administration of
Louisiana. Florida or the territory which we
acquired from Mexico. Congress legislated at
the last peppjon in regard to the government of
Alaska In some particulars entirely unwar
ranted by the constitution. If the disabling con
struction rlaced upon it by our opponents Is
correct.
Senator Dolltver ot Iowa was greeted
with prolonged cheers as he rose to re
spond to the toast, "Profferity and It3
Causes."
The new Senator from Iowa was given,
at the close of his speech, an ovation
which surpassed the reception that met
him before he began to speak.
DECLINES TO TALK ON
POLITICAL SITUATION
MILAX, Aug. 29.— The trial of Bresci.
the anarchist, who on July 29 shot
and killed King Humbert of Italy
at Monza while his Majesty was
returning from a gymnastic exhibition,
opened here to-day. The assassin was
found guilty and sentenced to imprison
ment for life. An immense crowd of peo
ple gathered about the court from
early morning, seeking admission to the
courtroom, where only a few places were
reserved for the ticket-holding public.
The hearing began at 9 o'clock. Bresci
sat in the dock, calm and almost indif
ferent. His counsel, Signor Martelli, head
of the Milan bar, and the anarchist writer
(Signor Merlin) made requests on various
grounds for an adjournment, which -were
refused. It is said that Bresci wrote to
the Judges declaring he would not reply
to the interrogatories.
While the Indictment, which ¦was very
long, was being read, Bresci was appar
ently unmoved, and scanned the faces of
the audience without any signs of fear or
effrontery. The indictment showed that
the assassin indulged In Incessant target
practice and that he prepared bullets so
as to make them more dangerous.
The witnesses were then introduced —
eleven for the prosecution and five for the
defense— and the examination of Bresci
followed. He declared that he decided to
kill King Humbert after the events of
Milan and Sicily, "to avenge the misery
of the people and my own." He added:
"I acted without advice or accomplices."
The prisoner admitted the target prac
tice and the preparation of bullets. He
spoke in a low, firm voice and said he
fired three shots at three yards with his
revolver. Two wooden targets were here
placed on the table before the Juukp. Two
hours' suspension of the court ensued and
then tho witnesses were heard.
A brigadier of gendarmes. Salvatori. re
capitulated the story of the assassination
of the King. He said he saved Bresci
from the crowd, who nearly lynched the
assassin. Bresci, when rescued, was cov
ered with blood.
j General Avagadro des Contes di Quinto
the King's aide-de-camp, who was with
his Majesty when the latter was killed,
! recounted how the King was shot, saying
i that the King tried to reply to a question
I of the witness after the crime. HIsMa
: jesty started to speak, saying: "I truly
! think " The King stopped in the middle
i of the sentence, said "Yes" and then ex-
I pi red.
; . The testimony of Witnesses Galimbert
I and Clivers did not adduce any new facts.
The royal groom. I-upi. deposed that he
seized Bresci by the throat.
A witness named Ramella, who lodged
with Bresci and a friend three days prior
to the crime, said the prisoner was al
ways perfectly calm. The remainder of
the* witnesses did not throw any further
light on the tragedy.
The public prosecutor made a speech,
during the course of which he eulogized
tho virtues of King Humbert and recapit
ulated the story of the assassination,
which, he contended, demonstrated that
Brosci wa? fully responsible for his acts
and that the latter premeditated the
crime and had accomplices. After de
nouncing the anarchist theories which
brought about such fearful crimes
the public prosecutor denied that
Bresci had misery as an excuse,
also asserting: ""that he was not
a man of impulse or a fanatic,
but had a calm, cynical and obstinate
mind and that his aim was Infamous. In
conclusion the public prosecutor asked for
a verdict of guilty without extenuating
circumstances.
Signor Merlin said he only wished to do
his duty, and defended anarchy on the
charge that it had inspired the crime. All
partifs he declared, had their regicides,
commencing with Judith. He asked that
those in whose hands the prisoner s fate
lay would not act In a spirit of vengeance
but of justice. lie claimed extenuatins
circumstances for the accused man.
Signor Martelli asked that the verdict
be tempered "with, indulgence toward an
irresponsible man condemned 'of a crime
committed in a state- of exaltation.': Ho
spoke of Bresci's previous good conduct
and implore*plty for the guilty man.
Rresci was^given an opportunity to
spoak, and said: "Sentence me. I am in.
different. I await the next revolution."
The persons who were to deliberate on
the verdict thfn retired, but soon' decided
upon the guilt of the prisoner, and sen
tence was imposed.
' Bresci escaped with life imprisonment,
as that penalty is the most severe which
can be imposed under the laws of Italy
for murder, on which charge the anarch
ist was tried. It . was at first believed
Bresci would be tried on the charge of
treason, in* which -case the penalty would
have been death.
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— The news that
her husband had been sentenced to life
imprisonment for killing King Humbert
of Italy was carried to Mrs. Brosci at her
home in Union Hill. N. J. When told of
the sentence she wept bitterly. When
she calmed down she said: "My poor
Gaetano! He has been tried, convicted
and sentenced in one day. That was a
great Injustice. I would rather see him
dead than have him go to prison for life.
1 know ho will not be able to stand long
the life he will have to lead in prison."
LOXDON, Aug. 29.— Lord Roberts, under
date of Belfast, August 29, telegraphs:
"Buller's advance occupied "Machado
dorp this afternoon. The enemy made a
poor stand and retired northward*, fol
lowed by Dundonald' s mounted troops,
who could not proceed beyond Helvetia on
account of the difficult nature of the
country and the enemy taking up a posi
tion too strong to be dislodged by the
mounted troops. It appears that Buller s
casualties were very few.
"French continued , the movement to
day as far as Elandsfontein, from which
he turned the enemy out with no diffi
culty. The latter retired, lea-ving quan
tities of good cooked food behind."
General Buller's casualties August 27
were: Killed— One officer and thirteen
men; wounded — Seven officers and fifty-
Dr. Leyds* interview with Emperor
Nicholas, says a dispatch to the Daily
Mail from St. Petersburg, lasted barely
five minutes. The Czar said he was sorry
he could do nothing for the Transvaal
except to urge it to make peace, as he
hated all war.
BERLIN, Aug. 29.— The delegation of
Germans, who recently arrived here from
the Transvaal to lodge a complaint with
the German Foreign Office regarding the
treatment of Germans there by the Brit
ish, has already been received by the For
eign Office. After investigating the
grounds of the complaint the Foreign
Office will bring the matter to the atten
tion of Great Britain.
Burghers Retire Northward,
Closely Followed by
Dundonald
Czar Holds a Brief Conference With
Dr. I*eyds and Urges That
the Boers Make Peace
at Once.
MACHADODORP
IS OCCUPIED BY
BULLER'S TROOPS
- '>.<» u;,hl> «.:*..j raen'i •ouls," notably eo in I
ihf navy jaiM at Brooklyn. N'. Y-, ie not alone 1
regarded with riisfavor by some of the ¦•little j
br-ps*^'' there, but makes him who wears it !
th" subject r.f ridicule and not seldom of in
tuiting lanswiEe unworthy to come from one
who claims to he an American. And b«"Fi<1ep
thi5. though preferred for ari»intm«it, veter
ans ar>" tho first <3i<?rharc'"1, and usually In such {
a vay that they canr.ot hop" to (?et ba<*k. This j
le m 'a:i<*y picture. '
\Vhil» sv.ch conduct ha* not the approval of j
Hon. John D. Lonr. Secretary oT the Navy, xvho I
ha-« many tim«< when appealed to and has j
ehnwn in various ways rfpard for the Just I
claims of voterans of tho war. the statute af- i
ff-ct:n*r employment at navy yards and the sys
tem in vo«ru»> of maklnif the '"petty boss" sole I
CHICAGOi Aug. 2D.-This was for the
Grand Army of the Republic as an t
organization strictly a day of busi- )
noss. For those members who were I
not burdened with the responsibili
ties attending the position of a delegate
lo the convention of the Grand Army it I
was a day for anything and everything
but business. From morning until* night !
the convention labored at • its work in!
Studebaker Hall, listening to numerous |
reports from officers and committees, j
Many of the old 6oldiers went to the parks
or took boat rides on the !ake, and those
who had not seen blood enough in the j
younger days accepted an invitation j
from the packers to visit the stockyards. !
•where they beheld more slaughter than ]
bad taken place at the "bloody angle" at '
Epottsylvania and the "bloody ' lape" at
Antletaxn combined. The convention i
spened at 10:30 o'clock, and from the start j
business was pushed with energy. The i
opening session was entirely of a social j
character, and was open to the public. The i
afternoon, meeting was of an executive |
character.
Address of Welcome.
General Shaw announced that the meet- !
ing would be opened with prayer by Chap- !
lain Granin- The audience rose and re- j
mained standing during the prayer. Mayor i
Harrison then came to the front of the j
rostrum and formally welcomed the sol- j
diers to Chicago. His address was hap
pily received.
Commander in Chief Shaw of the Grand
Army replied to Mayor Harrison for the
members of his organization, expressing
the thanks of the army for the hospital- ;
Ity shown them. j
The convention reassembled at 2 o'clock j
end this time there were no preliminaries, i
The action was opened at once by General j
£hs.w, who read his annual report.
Following the address of General Shaw !
came a Ions list of reports submitted by j
the minor officials and the various com- :
xnittees of the organization. Tbey were j
those of the executive committee, council
of administration. Adjutant General 8tew
«rt. Quartermaster General Atkinson,
Burgeon General Baker, Chaplain in CMef i
Grimm. Judge Advocate General Tor
ranc*. Senior Vice Commander in Chief •
Robbing, Junior Vice Commander In Chief j
Minton, Custodian Holcomb, Inspector |
G«ieral Cummins, committee on legisla- <
tion for veterans in public service and the j
coir.rr.Utee on pension legislation.
Veterans Ignored-
Th* report made by the committee on |
legislation for veterans in public service i
5s a* follows:
Looking over the debates of the Congresses. I
There can be found many kind words spoken ;
i-r the soldier? and sailors, but absolutely noth- I
S.-4: la the way of statutory law insuring to '
• h(*e who enter the military or naval service in i
t'.iaep of war — sej-vlne until the en<Js of their '
term* of enlistment or until the close of hos
tilities, beir.g honorably discharsed— a reason
able preference in the public service in times i
of i>eace. Pension? — yes. Will any American j
urfre that meac<»r pittance as a i>ension doled
cut cpmrcnfr-lcs for the loss of manhood—
manhcol that was ready to sacrifice life Itself,
voluntarily, in battle in order that the re
p-jpiic mipht survive? And the inherent desire
tn earn bre*d by labor? Perish the thought. •
\\> (rHI not believe it.
Instead of a public office being a public
trait it is too often frequently retarded as a j
"private snap." This j*>rmeates all our gov- |
ernments In epote. An honorable discharge !
from the military or naval service — the sreat- j
rst badge cf hon<~r that can come ti any citi
zen in this repuMic— 86 a recommendation when j
apjtlyinj? for employment to public officials j
ouffht by them to be respected. In some de- j
rartm»'nt.«. however. In recent y»>are. the badge j
r.f the button of the Grand Army of the Repub
lie, evidencing service and sacrifice in th» !
Committee on Legislation Protest's
Against Apparent Ingratitude to
Men Who Offered Their Lives
for the Republic.
judze. Jury >nd executioner concerning the
merits of men when reductions of force are
made necessary for any cause permit it.
Durinz the year the chairman of your com
mittee has many times had occasion to go
to our comrade. William McKlnley. President
of the United States, In the interest of other
comrades who needed help or protection, and
be never went In vain. Numerous restorations
to the public service of veterans wronged gave
needed help, and some sweeping reforms in
ideas of administration adopted by* htm for the
protection of other veterans In their rights
have produced good results for our people In
other directions.
The volunteer service In the army ana navy
in the time of war not alone deserves praise,
but. to those who survive and are honorably
discharged, bolitp worthy and capable, pre
ferment for appointment, promotion and re
tention in the public service In times of peace
is a principle to which we ought to stand com
mitted now and forever.
Reports Discussed.
When the convention met in the after
noon the first thing taken up was there
port of the pension committee. A "is
would contain, it was generally thought,
some warm statements, but there was
none. There was not in the report a spe
ciflc declaration or recommendation upon
any subject. The committee at the out
set" went at length into the history of the
work done by G. A. R. committees in ob
taining from the last Congress increases
in certain classes of pensions. It then
discussed the differences of opinion exist
ing between the Pension Office and those
members of the Grand Army who hold
the opinion that the old soldiers have not
received sufficient consideration. The re
port argued at length against the state
ments that have been made by the Pen
sion Office in reply to the original criti
cisms made by members of the Grand
Army, but offered no suggestions as to
a direct line of policy to be pursued. The
report was ordered printed and will be
the special order of business to-morrow
morning at 9 o'clock, to which hour the
convention adjourned.
After the pension committee had pre
sented its report, silver services were
presented to Adjutant General Stewart
and Past Commander Johnson by their
comrades.
The committee had taken the annual
message of Commander in Chief Shaw
under consideration and reported ap
proval of all his suggestions, with the ex
ception of that relating to the change
of date of Memorial day from May 30 to
the last Sunday in May. On this the
committee reported adversely and its re
port was adopted by the convention.
Next Meeting Place.
It is expected that the work of the en
campment will be over by to-morrow, un-
Iff? there should be a protracted debate
over the report of the pension committee,
and this is not considered probable. No
opposition has developed to Judge Rais
seur of St. Louis in his candidacy for the
position of commander in chief, and it is
practically certain that he will be elected
on the lir.«t vote. There has been very
little talk regarding the place of the next
encampment, but two places, Denver and
Salt I^ake. having been mentioned.
The chief feature of the programme to
morrow, outside of the business meeting,
will be a sham battle in Washington
Park, in which detachments of local mili
tia will take part.
The Mississippi ram fleet brigade elect
ed John H. Owens of Charleston, N. Y.,
commander.
At the seventh annual convention of tho
Woman's National Association of ex-
Prisoners of War. Mrp. Charles F. Sheriff
of Allegheny C!ty, Pa., was elected presi
dent and ilrs. Alice P. Linhart of Pitts
burg was elected secretary.
— — # ¦
OFFICERS ELECTED
BY NAVAL VETERANS
CHICAGO. Aug. 23.— At the meeting of
the Naval Veterans' Association the fol
lowing officers were elected:
Commodore commanding, Frederick E.
Haskins, Brooklyn.
Fleet officers — Captain, J. A. Miller
Athens. Ohio; commander, J. O. Shaw,
Bath. Me.; lieutenant commander, A. II.
Rung. Minneapolis: lieutenant, J. H. Ea
gan. Jollet. 111.; master, P. XV. linger,
l.anesville. N. Y. : ensign. J. H. Butler.
Eaton. Ohio: surgeon. W. E. At well,
ZanesvlUe, Ohio; paymaster. I. D. Baker,
Boston; chaplain, A. S. McWllliams, De
troit.
VETERANS DISCUSS
ROUTINE BUSINESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 30, 1900.
Anarchist Who Assassinated- King. Humbert De
fiant in Court and Convicted- .In Short
BRESCI IS SENTENCED
TO LIFE IMPRISONMENT
DETROIT. Mich., Aug. 29.— Belle Isle
was invaded to-day by the Pythian army
in full force. ; The Knights, 9000 strong,
left their encampment on the East Boule
vard at 10 o'clock, marched \ across the
long bridge leading to the island park and
to the play ground commons on the east
erly side of the island, where the bienniai
inspection and review of. the uniform
rank was held, i The long line marched in
a column of fours down -the boulevard,
across the bridge and through the drive
ways of the island. -7-':% / . - ¦'¦•¦•*..
After a deal of galloping about : of the
staff, brigade and regimental officers, the
inspection formation was completed, two
long lines of. troops stretching from end
to end of the great field, with the brigade
and regimental officers grouped to the
fore in their places, the artillery anri
cavalry on the left. The inspection then
proceeded, the major general and staff
moving down and up the long lines, and
appropriate salutes by officers, knights
and the numerous bands. of music.
General Carnahan then took his station
in the center. of the field, and his army
wheeled right into company front an'l
marched in review in that formation. As
the head of each brigade passed the com
mander the brigadier generals and their
staffs fell out and joined, the staff of the
major general.
The sessions "-of the Supreme- Lodge of
Knights of Pythias were resumed to-day
and some of the reports of the commit
tees were heard.
Supreme Chancellor Sample will to-mor
row announce the election by the Supremo
Lodge of James R. Carnahan of Indianap
olis as major general commanding the
uniform rank. General Carnahan found
ed the uniform rank more than twenty
years ago, and has ever since been its
commander. His salary is $4500 per year.
It now appears to be conceded that Vice
Supreme Chancellor Wethers of Wiscon
sin will be elected supreme chancellor, ac
cording to previous'cugtom, instead of the
re-election of Supreme Chancellor Sampie
being brought about. ':
Twenty-four past grand chiefs of the
Rathbone Sisters were to-day admitted to
the sessions of the supreme body of the
woman's. order,. but .without the right to
vote.
The reports of officers were read and re
ferred.
The Pythian -Sisterhood Supreme Lodge
spent most of to-day's session discussing
recommendations adopted in. the: officers"
reports.. ¦ ; ' .
The "grand electrical and fireworks pa
rade" of the Knights of Khorassan to
night, which was announced as the spec
tacular feature of Pythian week, resulted
In a vast deal of confusion. The police
had made no • arrangements for clearing
the streets along the line of march. The
picturesquely clad Khorassans were
obliged to make their way around street
cars - and through narrow lanes opened
through the crowd, and many of the elab
orately prepared humorous features were
lost to a great majority of the specta
tors.
Some 2500 of the Knights, a rollicking
branch . of the. order, took part In the
spectacle. A great many marchers car
ried' varicolored torches, others swords
and scimitars of antique Oriental pat
terns. All wore turbans or other quaint
headgear and clothes of Arabian, Persian
or Turkish cut. ' •. •
Tne high potentates rode in canopied
floats, preceded by a representation of the
mythical temple of the order. There were
several elaborate electrically illuminated
floats and many funny features.
To-morrow's principal features will be
the election of supreme officers and the
prize drills.
An Army of Nine Thousand Men
Marches Over to Belle Isle and
Is Reviewed by General
L^arnanan.
ANNUAL INSPECTION
OF PYTHIAN KNIGHTS
G4.ETAN0 BRESCI. THE ASSASSIN OF KING HUMBERT, CON
DEMNED TO LIFE IMPRISONMENT.
3
tggjgr Weakness of 'a
731 Market St.. San Francisco. B
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Oakland Of flee— 62 San Pablo Ave.
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Near PowelL
Telephone— South 42O.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
It Is hard to convince a man when h»
sees the beautiful gloss we lay on the
immaculately clean shirt bosoms, collars
and cuffs of his friends that they are not
new, as he always supposed, but ars
"done up" by the first-class methods In
use at our laundry. Our domestic finish
is the correct thing: for Xull dreas shirts.
GETTING IT THROUGH
HIS HEAD.
TO THE fUBLiCf
PINOLE. JCNE 13. 1S».— I TAKE THIS
means of expressing my thanks to Dr. Won*
Him. 115-11? Mason st..
' mSSpSSsk ' 8 - F -' tOT bavins cured
lifflRf""""""V<3 me of kidney, woir.o
«g£> Y trouble and cancer or
jEvSitiK F stomach. I was a great
u/ Pi BuffeTer for 13 years, and
•iiCiSt / found no permanent re-
frir~r I He* until I tried Dr.
Jlfl S**- J\__ Wor.gr Him. and la six
VgsL^*"""*'^ months' time h<* has
VT^V>vL-t^^\\^» cured me. Any person
* iVSSS&fcJ'T'Wt ?«» wishing m# to certtry
***SViv&SC.NS' this can find me.
MR3. GEORGE BET2.
Pinole, Contra Costa County, Cal.
SAN ITOANCISCO (Cal.). Oct. IS. 1898.— To
Whom It May Concern: This Is to certify that
Dr. Won* Him of 105-117 Mason street. San
Francisco, has cured me entirely of Bright a
disease of the kidneys and consumption of the
bowels of Ions standing, and I am only too
bappy to xnaJce this statement for the benefit of
all troubled In any way by diseases. Tcu will
find the doctor a gentleman in every way. Very
respectfully, MISS M. J. SHINTX
S81 Fulton street. San Francisco.
S. F.. "Dec. 4. 1S99.— t>r. Wont Him. 115-117
Mason »t.. 8. F., Cal.— Dear Sir: For the bene-
fit cf others I wish to make a statement of my
case, which was heart trouble. After treating
with «Lx eminent physicians, my ca»e was pro-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. XVong Him
and his wonderful cures. I decided to try his
herb treatment. He did all he claimed ard
after treatine six months I am now well and
stronr. Tour respectfully,
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission St.. 8. "F.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
DIRECTORY
Catalogues and Pries Lists Malls 1
on Application.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS,.
Electrical Engineer. 16 East St.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating OH»- Schneider's Mlnln?
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S. F.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A EL-
LIS. «S Front st., S. F. Phone Main 1713.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First st.. San Francisco.
LITHOQ
APHI^Q.
Union Lithograph Co.. 323 Sansome st.. Artistic
Lithographers and Printers. Government Li-
censee for Imprinting of Revenue Stamps.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." B«st leather preserver on
earth. 2Cc. Robinson Chera. Co.. 1163 Howard.
GALVAMZtNO AND .METALS.
Mfg."4 Dealer In Metals & Galvanizing:. JOHN
FIXN* METAL WORKS. 315 Howard mt.
. FRESH AND SALT MBATS.
1*5 RAVF^ £ Ct\ Shipping Butcher*. 194
JAj- DUIEj Ct vU- Clay. Tel. Mats 1294.
BKJH COPPERSMITH.
C W CU1TR Ship Plumbing, Steamboat and
L- TT- J 711 111. ship Work a specialty. 15 ana
IS Washington it. Telephone Mala 5841.
COAL. COK3 AND PIO IROM. ;;r-
T C HIT SfiV * ffl " 9W Battery Street.
.'. U WllOUil Q UI-. Telephone Mala 1844.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. S03 Cal., Clunl* ML
PRINTEWS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
22 First st.. San Ftj
PK1.NT1.VJ.
F- C- RUGHES* 511 Sansome st.. S. F".
WflJTfi ASH STEAM COAL, t^ e bi^£k
DIAMOND COAL MIN'IXO CO.. at its ORESN'
RIVER COLLIERIES, is ths Best Coal In til*
market. Of See and Yards — tiO Main atrwW
* i>TATIONE^ AND PKINTRi?.
Tele ffl hlc PARTRIDGH **<%££*
There is cause for anxiety when a
cough hangs on for a year and can't be
shaken off. The quickest way to relieve
that anxiety is to begin at once the use
of Dr. Pierce's. Golden Medical Discov-
ery. . It is a cough remedy, but it is also
a great deal more. In far advanced
stages of disease, when . hemorrhages
have been frequent, and there have been
emaciation and weakness, "Golden Med-
ical Discovery" has produced a perfect
cure. It increases the supply of the life
fluid— blood. It cleanses the blood from
impurities, and sends a current of rich,
new blood to build up the weak places
in the body with new life.
The "Discovery" i9 strictly a temper-
ance medicine, non-alcoholic and non-
narcotic.
" For one year I was troubled with a cough,"
writes Mr. H. E. Curtis, of Sumner, Bremcr
Co., Iowa. "As I continued to cough during the
summer, my wife became anxious, and wrote to
Dr. R. V. Pierce for medical advice. It seemed
to us that we could not go to a better source for
advice, and so it proved, as the ' Golden Medical
Discovery,* which was -recommended, proved
just the medicine to effect a cure. Dr. Pierce
and his medicines are ' As good as wheat,' as the
farmers used to say."
Bad taste in the mouth i$. removed by
using; Dr. Pierce'a Pleasant * Pellets. r ,
OB. KILMER'S SWAMP BOOT.
Kidney Troutle Makes Ton Miserable.
Almost everybody who reads ths news-
papers is sure to know of the wonderful
. ii 1 1 £v . cures made by Dr.
' —^iri-JFv I Kilmer's Swamp-Root.
1 V^JJ I the great kidney, liver
S \rr&X^l Ii aad bladder remedy,
-ft VU&Sl iji *» the treat medi-
- (41 r cal triumph of the nine-
\vj_l jijj.teenth century; dis-
\fll V — — ! i' cover4c * a^ tcr y^fs of
A. '{^ • i ,—v 'jiJtl scientific research by
ri • r'^^S Dr ' Kilmer, the emi-
i . 4>r-. " nent kidney and blad-
— --**^°^ • • der specialist, and i3
wonderfully successful In promptly curing
lame* back, kidney, bladder, uric acid trou-
bles and Brighfs Disease, which Is the worst
form of kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root Is ' not rec-
ommended for everything but if you have kid-
ney, liver or bladder trouble it will be found
Just the remedy you need. It has been tested
in so many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, among the helpless too poor to 'pur-
chase relief and has proved so successful in
every case that a special arrangement has
been made by which all readers of this paper
who have not already tried it, may have a
sample bottle sent free by mail, also a beck
telling more about Swamp-Root and how to
find out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
When writing mention reading this generous
offer In. this paper and fr-ffi"*' ,
send your address to f^^p-^jji^"^!^
Dr. Kilmer fit Co..Bing- E^yMRlHfigsia
hamton, N. Y. The
regular fifty cent and Home of Swmrap-Root.
dollar sizes are sold by all good druggists.
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
ftffiFrom War to Peace.
Two large cannon from the Civil War are to
be melted and cast into a statue representing
peace, to be placed in the Capitol. What a
contrast between the two conditions— as great
in a way as th» change Hostetter's Stomach
Blttars will brine about In .tha health of any
one who uses It. The Bitter* strengthens th«
digestive organs and corrects all disorders such
as constipation, dyspepsia, torpid liver or weak
kidneys. - Try It.
ALEXANDER WINS.
Defeats Sumner Hardy in the Men's
Single Handicap.
NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE, Ont., Aug.
20.— The Niagara international tennis
tournament was concluded here' to-day.
In the nnal of the men's single handicap
the contestants were Sumner Hardy of
San Francisco and Frederick Alexander
of Princeton. Alexander played his best
and won. Score: .
. Men's handicap, singles, -final round— F.
B,' Alexander. Princeton (owe half-30),
beat Sumner Hardy, San Francisco (owe
30), 6-2, 7-5.
Pierce Loses Time.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Aug. 29.— The
second hour's ,race ln : the six-day con
test at the • Coliseum track to-night was
marred - by two accldentB I to Burns
Pierce's wheel, which necessitated stop.
ping the race and restarting it. This lost
him two laps, but he succeeded In mak
ing up one and a half. Exceptionally, fast
time was made, Caldwell.^ the leader, .do
ing thirty-three miles and four laps. The
standing^to date: Walthour, 67 miles 190
yards; Pierce, 66 miles f> laps '75 yards;
Caldwell. 65 miles 5 laps 270 yards. • •
Miss Underhill rJefeated.
SOUTHAMPTON. X. Y.. Aug. 23.— The
surprise in* the first round of the match
play In the woman's national champion
ship was the de/eat of the champion. Miss
Ruth Underhill of the Nassau Country
Club, who was beaten by Mrs. Pendleton
Rogers of the Hillside Tennis and Golf
Club of Plainfleld, N. J. It was a most
Interesting match, and was only lost
through a misput on the home green.
The card of the match between Mrs. Rog
ers and Miss Underhill was: Mrs. Rog
ers, out. ai: in. 52— 106. Miss Underhill.
out, 55; in, 49 — 104. The only two competi
tors who did the first nine holes In 47
each, which is only six strokes above
bogey, "were Ml?s Beatrix Hoy t. and Mrs.
Caleb F. Fox, the two women who are
putting up the best golf.
Tennis Tournament.
CHICAGO. Aug. 29.— Play In the sixth
annual tennis tournament of the women's
Western championship singles and doubles
was begun to-day on the Kenwood courts.
Mlgs Myrtle McAteer of Pittsburgh cham
pion of the United States, participated.
Results of the day's play:
Preliminary round, singles— Miss Parker beat
Miss Faulkner, 6-0. 3-6, 6-1; Mrs. Thorndyke
beat Miss Col«man. 6-3. 6-3; Miss Pennington
won over Miss Marshall by default: Miss Nee
ley won from Miss Hatch by default: Miss
McAteer won from MUs Norris, 6-1. 6-1 ; Mis*
Whltehead won from MUs Orvln, 6-5. 6-4.
BAKERSFIELD. Aug. 29.— The Standard Otl
Company Is going Into business In the Kern
River oil district and other Kern districts when
the production Justifies. They are going to es
tablish a big storage plant In the river dis
trict. This is all the business they propose to
do here.
ERRORS PROVE COSTLY.
Boston Defeats New York by a Single
%' Run. ¦
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. i Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....60 3S .612 Chicago 50 62 .430
Plttsburg ...55 43 .535 Cincinnati ..48 53 .475
Philadelphia fil 49 .510 St. Louis. ...47 53 .470
Boston 50 60 .600 New York... 40 60 .400
BOSTON. Aug. M.— The New Yorks' errors
proved costly to-day, each one allowing a' Bos
ton man to score. Cuppy was batted hard, but
cood fielding behind him at critical times saved
the game. Attendance, 1200. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Boston • 8 *
New York 5 10 8
Batteries— Cuppy and Clark; Carrlck and
Bowerman. Umpire-rSwartwood.
CHICAGO,' Augr. 29.— To-day's game abounded
In hard hlttingr, costly errors and at times
remarkably fast fielding, the good and bad
work being about equally distributed. Green
scored the winning run in the eleventh. At
tendance, 3400. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Chicago « U 5
Bt. Louis — ••• 5 M ?
Batteries— Garvln, Taylor and Dexter; SudhofT
and Robinson. Umpire— Emslie.
BROOKLYN. Aug. 29.— Orth pitched great
ball to-day shutting out the Brooklyns and
allowing only five hits. Attendance, 1000.
Clubs- R. H. E.
Philadelphia •> 1* 1
Brooklyn • 0 5 1
Batteries— Orth and McFarland ; . McGlnnity,
Howell and McGulre. Umpire— Hurst.
Cresceus Makes Good Time.
American League Games.
DETROIT. Augr. ' 19.— Detroit 3. Milwaukee 3.
BUFFALO, AUff. 29.— Buffalo 1.. Kansas
CLEVELAND. Aug.' 29.— Cleveland 18. Chi
1ND1ANAPOLIS, Aufr.- 29.— First game—In
dianapolis 1, Minneapolis 3. Second same-
Indianapolis 2, . Minneapolis 0.
SYRACUSE. N. 'Y,. Aug. 29.— In an at
tempt to break the world's stallion trot
ting record- of 2:06Vi, v Cresceua to-day
trotted a mile In 2:06&. • - -' i
ROUSING BENEFIT
TO JOHN L SULLIVAN
DES MOTNES. Iowa, Aug. 29.—Twenty
five thousand people paw the State Fair
races to-day. Results:
2:19 p&ce, purse SCOO— Sarah Lou won second,
third and fourth he»ts. Charley Dewey won
flirt heat. Beet time. 2:17%. .
2:37 trottlnff. purse l«00— Brown • Bags won
in etraitbt heats. Beet time. 1:1414.
largest crowd of the week witnessed some
excellent racing to-day at the grand cir
cuit meeting. Two favorites came home
winners. The 2:14 pax-e proved trouble
some to the Judg-es. The Admiral won
In straight heats, but the judges were
not satisfied with the driving of McHen
r\'. who was up behind the favorite. John
T, and in company with Kenny and Ca
rifll he wa* fined tlOO for laylngr up heat*.
The 2:10 trot proved the race of the day
and was won by Charley Herr, the favor
ite. In a five-heat battle. Rojal R. Shel
don, the favorite In the 2:0a pace, won
in straight heats. Summaries:
¦ 2:10 trot, puree J1500— Charl»*y Herr won the
¦ second. ¦ third and fifth .heats In 2:10, J:lO»i
'2:11V Lord Perty won the-flrst and fourth
. heeUi In !:<*>>» and 2:11. Greenbrlno, Valpa,
Captain Jjuck and Pllatue also started.
2:06 pace, purse $1000— Royal R. Sheldon won
t»-o rtxairht heate in 1:05, 1:06. Indiana, Aoe
Eyelet and Baby Ruth also started. ¦¦-'
¦ Newport etak«, 2:14 race.' purs* $1000 — The
. Admiral won thr** straight he&ta In 2:12. 2:0S'4.
• 2:07V John T. Wlnola, Oscar L. Gambet. Ked
Wllkei and Annie Thornton also started.
Conduct of Horses Puzzles the Judges
at Providence." . .;
PROVIDENCE. It. I.. Aur. ».— The
DB1VKKS PTNUD.
Handsome Purse liaised for the Mail j
Who Held the World's Champion-
Ehip for Many Years.
XEW VOKK. Aug. 29.— John L. Sullivan j
¦was (rtven'a rousing benefit &t. the Twen- !
tieth Century Club In Madison-square !
Garden to-r.ight.
The sum realized from the sale of tick
ets and suliscriiHJons will be much larger
than was expected. It will be held in trust
by a committee, which will invest the
money find p;iy the interest to Sullivan.
Hoi) Fitzsimmons met with an enthusi
astic reception when he took a neat in a
Ikjx at the ringside. Jeffries came in a
little latt-r. but there was only a mild
demonstration as he made his way to the
drefvKir.fr room.
After a number of bouts between local
boxers Grorge Pixon was introduced and
paid he was he could not spar, as
he was disabled by a recent injury to his
arm.
Peter Mnhc-r and Peter Burns sparred
three lively rounds.
A telegram ot regret from Terry Mc-
Goverr., inclosing JoO, was read.
Ous Ruhlin and Charley Goff sparred
three rounds cleverly, and the big
Ohioan came in for a generous shaxe of
applause.
Tom Sharkey, who was Introduced as
"challenger of the world." was also the
recipient of an ovation when he made his
appearance for a.- three-round exhibition
wiih Jim Gukler of New York. . .
Bob Fitzsimmons brought down the
houie when he pot into the ring to spar
with Jeff Tnorn of England. Bob was
greeted with tumultuous cheers, which
were repeated over and over. Bob wore
the pink knitted tights ar.d belt of small
.American flap> which he had on when he
whipped rtuhiin and Sharkey. . There were
cries fnr a pp*^>ch, but Bob simply shook
his head and began sparring;
For two rounds they went at a nice
pace, but in the third round they begun
to bang each other in burlesque. Tney
knocked each other down frequently to
the Intense amusement -«f the epectators.
At the close of the round both fell to the
floor. Kefe-ree White counted both out,
and then they, trot up and shook hands.
John L.SuIlfyan and J. J. Jeffrien cam*
on fr>r the wind-up. Sullivan thanked
everybody for kindness to him.
Jeffries d!d not respond when called on
to say a few words, but through the an
nouncer said he would at all times b«
ready to defend his title of champion.
There are 430 epedes of flowers of pleas
ant perfume which are used in making
teems and ecaps.
GOOD DAY FOR
THE TALENT AT
SHEEPSHEAD BAY
Track Is Slow, but Four
Favorites Get Past the
Judges First. •
Kinley Mac Wins tfie Autumn Cup In
Easy Style anu Creates a New
Track Record, for the
Course. .
DETROIT. Aug. 29.— Tom Kinsley was
backed down" from 20 to 1 to 6 to 1 In the
opening race at Highland Park this after
noon and won easily. Results:
Six and a half furlongs — Tom Kinsley won,
Ocle Brooks second, Give and Take third
Time. 1:2*3 ,¦:.- ¦
Five furlongs— Obey won. Toad Ralney second,
Scotch Rramble' third;. Time, 1:0214. .
One mile and a sixteenth — Bell : Punch won
Lady of the West second, Miss Soak third
Time. 1:47H-
Four and a half furlongs— Maltese Cross won
Olrsslg second, Anthesls third. .. Time, • :56U.
Six furlongs, selling— By George won, -Queen
Anne second, Fesey F third. ; Time, 1:14H.<*
Seven furlongs, selling— Baffled won. Sir
Florlan second. Old Fox third. Time, 1:2SV4.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 29.— In the last race
to-day Jockey. Dale was thrown from Dor»
othy Lee at the stable turn and his con
dition Is very precarious. Results:
Mile and, a half, selling— Plnar del Rio won,
Leo Par second, Lurdan third. . Time, 2:38.
One mile, selling — Ttodd won, Terry Ranger
second, Eugenia S third. Time, 1:43%.
One mllo, selllnR-.-Ransom won. Leo Planter
second, Eleanor Holmes third. Time, l:42'f,.
Handicap, mile and a sixteenth— Alice Tur
ner won. Meddlesome second, Jo« Doughty
third. .Time, l:47Si.
Six furlontrs— The Light won, St. Cuthbert
second, W. J.' naker third. Tim«, 1:1414; ¦
Four and a half furlongs— Margaret F won.
Staff second. Wall third. Time, :56.
DETROIT, Auc 29. -Results at Wind
sor: •
Six furlongs — Iola won, Ahamo second, Mas
ter Mariner "third. Time, 1:14»;.
Four and a half furlomrs— Virgle d'Or won,
Mattin Bain second, . Frequent third. Time,
:56't.
Two miles, selllnp— Monk Wayman won,
Prince Zeno second, Joe Gammage third. Time
3:33H-
One mile, selling — King Elkwood won. Statlra
second. Olive Order third. Time, 1:41. 9
Six furlongs, RellinB— Prince of India won,
Joti Martin second. Full Dress third. Time.
1:15.
Six and a half furlongrs, selling— Julian Rose
won, Elizabeth K second, Margaret third.
Time, l:2Ui.
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— Barney Schrelber
won his first race with Tayon since hi3
trouble at Washing-ton Park. Favorites
were beaten In onf, two, three order and
the speculators were kept busy picking
the winners. Track plow. Results:
Five furlongn, nellinK— Barbara II won. Lady
Idris second, Kondo third. Time, 1:031,;.
Six furlonga. sell Ins— Tayon won. Emma R
second, Abe Furst third. Time, 1:16.
Five and a half furlongrs — Jlmlnez won, Ben
gal second. Searcher third. Time, 1:09)4.
Steet'lechnee, short course — Frond won. Passe
Partout second, Brakeman third. Time, 3:15V4.
One mile and a sixteenth, selllnz— Lady Mrd
dlepnme won, Owensboro second, 1'apa Harry
third. Time. 1:49'^.
One mile and seventy yards — Found won.
Great Bend second, Sauber third. Time, 1:46>£.
Selling, five furlongs— Annie Thompson won,
Lavillier second. Trigger third. Time. 1:00 3-5.
One and a sixteenth miles, on turf — Rolando
won. Villa V second, Greenock third. Time,
1:43 4-5.
Dash stakes, five furlongs— Bellario won. Con
roy s.-cond, Elizabeth M third. Time. 1:00 8-5.
Two mileR. Autumn cup — Kinley Mac won,
Lady Masspy second, The Kentucklan third.
Time, 3:27 4-5.
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— The attendance
at the Sheepshead Bay track continues to
run somewhat below i.iie standard. The
racing to-day was eventful' in producing
lively betting and several close finishes,
principally in the first and second races.
Four favorites got past the judges first.
In the Dash stake, for two-year-olds, the
favorite, Bellario, won handily. The sec
ond race, at a mile, was also won by the
favorite, King Bramble, after a line ttnlsh.
The fourth, the Autumn cup, of two
miles, showing only four starters, was
won by the favorite, Kinley Mac, lu
very easy style, at the fame time creat
ing a rew record for the course. 3:27 4-5.
the previous record boing 3:22. The Ken
tuckian. who finished third, completely
broke down and was led off the track.
Rolando, favorite in the sixth, also got
first money, with Villa V second all tha
way. Lady Uncas. a 15 to 1 shot, cap
tured the first event after a contest all
the way in fast time. The fifth was won
by Annie Thompson, at 8 to 1. Results:
Six ' f urlonRS — I^ady Uncas won. Unmasked
tecend, Smoke third. Time, 1:13 1-5.
One mile— KJnp Bramble wen, Ducro second,
Herbert third. Time, 1:40 1-5.
HAZEL KENNY
MAKES A NEW
TRACK RECORD
Trots the Mile at Woodland
in 2:09 1-2, Fastest Heat
of the Season.
Dione Fails to Lower Her Record, but
Will Try Again — Governor's
I>ay Attracts Great Crowd
of Spectators.
Plxth race, running, four and a half furlongs,
Frtllne. purse J125— I.hiranpo won.' Jessie O nec
ond.- ITtje. .Shot third. ."i^pestr:Noinadie and
Lady Cheaterfleld also ran.. -Tim*, :64Vi.»
Fifth race, running. . four and a half f urlonrs.
selllnjr, . purse $126— Zem Zem won, Tres Jolle
second, Galene third. Harry Gwynne, Ked
Leary ami Dolore also ran. Time, :55%.
Fourth race, running, six furlonys, sellln?,
purse 1150 — McFarlane won, "Whitcomb second,
Diamond third. Nettie Clark. Manzanllla and
Twinkle Twink also ran. Time. 1:15.
Third race — Dlone. by Bros (Jeffreys),' against
Pacific Coast trotting record of 2:07tf.. which is
Dione's record. Time, :32, 1:03. 1:33>4, 2:08.
Second rare, trotting, 2:11 class: best three
in live; purse, $;W). * * .
Hazel Kenny, by McKinney (HodBesr.... Ill
Phoebe Childers. by Sir Roderick (Lap
ham) .....22 3
Iran Alto, by Palo Alto (Bunch). ........ 8 8 1
Time— 2:09V4, 2:10>4, .MO.
WOODLAND, Aug. 29.— This was Gov
ernor's day at the district fair. Citizens
of Woodland expected that it would be
a record-breaker and they were not dis
appointed. It was a great afternoon at
the track and a great evening at the
pavilion. The attendance at both placfs
is unprecedented in the history of Wood
land fairs. The people of Yolo County
appreciate the honor conferred upon them
by a visit from Governor Gage and other
State officials and there was a general and
spontaneous movement by them to attest
that appreciation. A disposition was
shown by the people to make the occasion
one that will be remembered by the dis
tinguished guests with great pleasure.
The same commendable spirit animated
all alike. The Governor and his party
received an ovation they appreciated.
The Governor and his party arrived at
noon and were met at the depot by thu
reception committee. After a short drive
about the city the party lunched and at
1:30 o'clock drove out to the park. The
party included Secretary of State Curry.
Controller Colgan, State Equalizers
Brown Toland and Beamer, Directors
Mathews and Wilson of the Stale Board
of Agriculture, Deputy Surveyor General
W right. State Treasurer Reeves and other
State officials.
The first heat of the first race was wit
nessed from the secretary's oflico in the
judges' stand, after which the party was
escorted to the grand stand. The Gov
ernor was heartily cheered when he ap
peared and the band rendered "Hail to
the Chief."
Governor Gage visited the pavilion this
evening and made a brief speech, whlc^i
was received with enthusiasm and ap
plause. , ;
The seating capacity of the grand stand
at the track was taxed to its utmost ca
pacity The infield was crowded with
vehicles of various kinds and the betting
ring was full to overflowing. It Is a con
servative estimate to-day that there were
fully 3000 people at the park to witness the
rt After the first heat of the first race
Dione, who holds the Pacific Coast trot
ting record of 2:07V*. was brought out and
made an unsuccessful effort to lower her
record. There was a stiff breeze blowing
and the conditions were not favorable.
After scoring once the little mare got
awav She trotted all the way around
like "a perfect machine. The quarter was
made in :32. the half in 1:03. the three
quarters In I:35i4 and the mile in 2:08 flat.
Notwithstanding her failure the game lit
tle mare was wildly cheered. Driver Jef
freys announced that If conditions are
favorable on Saturday, he will make an
other effort to lower the record.
In the 2:30 trot there were seven entries.
Zarlna. the Spreckels entry, was four
Ungths behind at the start, but on the
home stretch easily closed the gap and
beat Algoneta under the wire by an open
ltngth. Santa Anita Star, the favorite,
finished third. »,,.,».
In the next heat Zarlna broke In the
nrs»t furlong and lost more than a dis
tance, but she beat the flag out on the
home stretch.- The favorite won the heat
Zarina'e victory was the popular one.
Hazel Kenny broke the track trotting
1 record, equaled the State record made by
Toggles and trotted the fastest mile in
a race In California this season. The sum
mary::': ¦ i -| f
First race, trottlnc, 2:30 class; best three Jn
ZarinaT'by Dexter Prince (Jeffreys)... 1 6 1 1
Santa Anita Star. by. Guy W'llkes
(Maben) .-.-... 3 1X3
AlKoneta, by Eroe (Nelson). i: 1 S 4 2
Maftple McKinney. by McKinrfey > (Dur :
fee) 0 .....;..... 5 t S 4
Joe Selby. by Don L. (.Smith) i'i 4 5 t
Bertha It, by Daly (HoROboom) ..Drawn
Dolador.by Advertiser (Robinson).... Drawn
"rime-2:15i4, 2:16*. 2-WL. 2:19-
Sreelal DUrateh to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. 29.— At the second day's
racing of the York August - meeting tho
great Ebor. handicap plate~ of = 1000 sover
eigns was won by Lord Beresford'a Jiffy
II, ridden, by J; Reift. ' ¦ '¦ • -v "¦
Reiff Brings In a Winner.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, Washington, Aug. 23.— All ar
rangements have practically been perfect
ed by the Taft commission for commenc
ing its duties in connection with the es
tablishment of civil government In tha
Philippines, v .- f
The commission will assume on Septem
ber 1 all functions which properly belong
to the legislative branch of government.
It Is not proposed that It shall be in su
preme control.
General MacArthur will be the chief ex
ecutive of the islands and the commission
will be co-ordinate with him. just as thi
executive and legislative branches in the
United States are on the same plane.
Civil government will not be established
except in those towns where the military
authorities are satisfied there Is no danger
of insurrection. Tha commission and mili
tary will work zealously together to pro
pitiate the natives and induce them to re
turn to their peaceful avocations. For
those Insurgents who propose to continue
In arms It Is understood that there will be
measures taken for their suppression just
as soon as the dry season begins. General
MacArthur will soon have a force of near
ly 70,000 effective men, who will be used
to destroy insurgent organizations when
operations can begin. Iii view of the fore
going, given out to-day by an official of
the administration who Is familiar with
the instruction sent the Philippine com
mission, it Is evident there is no foundation
for the report that Aguinaldo's represen
tative In I^ondon has a cablegram stating
that General MacArthur and Mr. Taft
have been authorized by the President to
declare that civil government will be
granted the Filipinos In September and
ultimately statehood. It is the belief of
the official who discussed the matter that
the report grew out of the Intention of the
commission to establish a civil government
wherever It Is feasible from a military
point of view.
General MacArthur and the
Civil Government Will Be Established
Whenever the Authorities Are
Satisfied There Is No Dan
ger of Insurrection.
Commissioners to Work
Together.
PLANS FOR THE
GOVERNMENT OF
THE PHILIPPINES
SARATOGA, N. Y.. Aug. 29.—The.open
ing session of the twenty-third annual
meeting of the American Bar Association
was held to-day. The president's address
was delivered by ex-Senator Charles F.
Manderson of Omaha, Nebr., communi
cating the most noteworthy change* in
fctatute law on points of general interest
adopted in several States and by Congress
during the preceding years.
The annual election of members fol
lowed. _
The report of the treasurer, Francis
Rawle, of Philadelphia, gave the re
ceipts as $11,691 and the disbursements
as $8234. leaving a balance of $3457. Re
ports were also submitted by the secre
tary, John Hinkley. of Baltimore, and
by the executive committee.
Among the members of the newly elect
ed General Council are: Arizona— Everett
E. -Ellinsfwood. Flagstaff: California—Da
vid L. Withington, San Diego; Colorado —
Hugh Butler. Denver: Idaho— William W.
Woods. Walker: Montana— A. C. Botkin
(Washington, D. C), Helena: Oregon-
Charles H. Carey. Portland: Utah — H!ch
ard E. Shepard, Salt Lake; Washington—
C. H. Hnnford, Seattle: Wyoming-*
Charles N Potter, Cheyenne.
At the gsneral session to-night a paper
was read by R. M. Venable of Baltimore
on "Tho Growth of the Law." Edward
A. Harriman of Chicago read a paper on
"Ultra Vires Corporation Laws."
In the section of legal education thl»
afternoon the chairman's address was
made by Charles N. Gregory on "The
State of Legal Education in the World."
William D. Lewis of the University ot
Pennsylvania spoke on. "The Proper Prep
arations for the Study of Law."
In the section of patent trade mark and
copyright law the chairman's address was.
delivered by Franklin Fish of Boston.
Reports were submitted on Federal
courts by Robert S. Taylor of Fort
Wayne, Ind., and on patent office prac
tice by James Kay of Plttsburg.
Reports Head Showing the Condi
tion of the Organization and a
Number of Interesting
Speeches I>elivered.
Opening of the Twenty-
Third Annual Session
at Saratoga.
NEW OFFICERS
CHOSEN BY BAR
ASSOCIATION
starting at the great Jubilee State Fair
meeting the directors of the Agricultural
Society have picked a turfman well and
favorably known to horsemen the country
over. For nearly eighteen years "Pat,"
as he is familiarly termed, has been asso
ciated with James B. Ferpuson, acting
either as assistant starter or wielder of
the front flag. During the. season of 1898
Reagan sent the runners away at the
Great Falls, Mont., and Boise. Idaho,
meetingrs, earning merited praise for his
work. At the Denver meeting this year
he dispatched both the harness and run
ning horses in faultless fashion. - «,
diana and entries from the leading live
stock farms of Nevada. The agricultural
features will be given special prominence
this year. There will be a fine show of
stock, including Percherons from France;
Clydesdales*; imported coach horses; Berk
shires from England; Poland China hogs,
purchased from herds in the East,
which had won prizes at the
World's Fair; Rambou'.ette sheep,
imported direct from Paris; Jerseys; Hoi
steins from Holland, and poultry from
every section of the State.
In 6e!ectins P. F. Reagan to <Io the
THERE was an entry made on the
register at the California Hotel last
night by a newly married man. This
was evident by the fond way in
which the pen had sputtered as It traced
the words "and wife." The entry waa
made by a man who has been for two
score years a • gay bachelor. Jesse G.
Gobey, whose oyster parlors at 228 Sutter
strtet have been an epicurean landmark
to a generation of San Franciscans, is
the man. and Miss Augustlna De,sroches
of Woonsocket, R. L, was the name worn
by his bride before tho wedding march
was played. Behind that entry on the
hotel register lies a little romance of the
kind which Is chewed v.ith caramels In
the young ladles' seminary but which few
of his friends would have suspected Go
bey of indulging in. The latter, however,
has. dosnite the hardening effect of it
cruel world, nourished a heart tender as
asphalt In summer. Mr. Gobey fell in
love, with a picture. A picture of a gir:.
Brunette and dainty of feature. Fell In
love with It some time la*t year when he
saw it in the album of his friend Ad-
lard F. Martel, at 610 Bush street. Such
an impression did tha photographic fea
tures make on Gobey that he found out
the original's acMre.-«s. j.ut a flower In his
coat and a fiercer twist In his mustache
and went and got snapped himself. Th*
result was wrapped up, stamped and ad
dressed to Miss Desrtches. Gobey re
ceived a note of acknowledgment and, of
course, he replied.
Some time ago Jesse bade his friends
"au revoir" and with his sister. Miss El
mira Gobey. as chaperon he went to vsit
his brothers, who by an odd coincidence
resided at Woonsocket. R. I. For a few
weeks the air -\t Woonsocket was electric,
and then the picture lovers metat thehouse
of Dr. Bertchiaume. When introduced
they bowed demurely enough, but as Go
bey said last r.Ight he knew It was the
lady of the photograph and she recognized
the original of the picture from California.
They were married two weeks apn and
have leisurely traveled out to California,
stopping In Chicago and Denver.
When soen in their rooms last night a
happier looking couple than Mr. and Mrs.
Gobey would have been hard to find. Mrs.
Gobey says she's glad she sent her pic
ture to the Martels, and Mr. Gobey says
he's more than glad he saw it.
Says the District 13 Now the Second
Largest in America and
May Soon Be the
Greatest.
Commissioner Btnger Hermann of the
General Land Office at Washington. E>. C.
was In San Francisco yesterday and reg
istered at the Palace. He left last nlglii.
on tho Oregon for the north. Commis
sioner Hermann has been inspecting th«
Kern River oil district, with the object
of ascertaining the nature and extent of
the mineral lands the locators and scrip
pers there are contending about. Mr.
Hermann said relative to his mission: r
"I wanted to know more about the sit
uation, and I adopted this method to ob
tain the knowledge.
"I have seen all the oil fleld3 In Amer
ica and I consider the Kern River oil dis
trict the second largest. It looks as
though it might prove the greatest pro
ducer of all of them. -r
"1 am on the coast Inspecting the forest
reservations and I concluded also to taka
a look at the Kern oil fields. The oil In
dustry on this coast is becoming a great
Industry and it is our duty to give it all
the protection possible, that It may flour
ish. We want to see men who honestly
put their money into the industry get fair
play. We do not propose to have them
Interfered with by dishonest schemers. IC
the land is mineral we propose to have It
reserved for mineral location and develop
"I took the field and found oil Indica
tions all over It and I found those same
Indications right where the oil la being
pumped. With what information I have
obtained by this visit I will be qualified to
pass on the reports of special agents wnn
have been examining the neld. We then
can more Intelligently pass on questions
coming before us and untangle trouble3
we have experienced In the past by reason,
of the lack of information."
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 20.-The Standard
Oil Company will be purchasing the pro
duct of California wells within a few days,
now having on the way from the East a
number of tanks for use in storage. The.-«e
will go to Bakersfleld. where ground has
been secured for them, and the capacity
of the tanks is great enough to handle th«»
entire product of the Kern U'.ver neld.
Head of the General Land
Office Pays a Visit of
Inspection.
BIKER HERMANN
PRAISES KERN
COUNTY FIELD
Draw for Saturday and Sunday
Matches of the Union Park
Association.
The Saturday and Sunday coursing at
Union .Park this week will be confined
to the running of a 112-e.ntries stake. The
draw, which took place nt Pythian Castle
last night, is as follows:
Open stake. 112 entrles-Sterl & Knowles'
Y>'Hara vs. Kay Bros.' Hawker; T. J. llc-
Inerney's Reglna R vs. J Carroll s Auckland;
H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot vs. H. A. OeCKle
man's l^wrcnce; R. E. de B. Lopez & hon 6
Pepita vs J. P. Thrift's Brutus; J. J. Kenny s
Hot Haste vs. R. B. de B. Lopez & Sons
Whltehead; A. Dunley's Erin vs. Ueorge Neth
ercofs Freda C: J. H. \\\ Muller a Cruiser v ?
Erwin & Lyons' Silver Wings; P. McCabe s
Craig Boy vs. J. M. Peterson's Sandow; Cap
tain Cane's Greenhall vs. Sterl & Knowles
Olita- Curtis & Son's McKlnley vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Anne; K. Oeary's America, v*
George Nethercofs Floodgate; J. R. Smith »
Jennie Wilson ve. AV. Cairn's Imperial; Captain
Cane's MUs Penman vs. J. Sheridan s Forest
King; Russell. Allen & Wilson s Rosy Clalr vs.
E. Geary's Iowa; Pasha Kennels' Reckless
Archer vs. Curtis & Son's Anchor; VV C. Olas
fon's Santonin vs. A. Johnson's Bald Eagle,
Ix)we & Thomson's Flora' McDonald vs. R. b.
de B. Lorez & Son's Sara: Curtis & Sons Can
delarla vs. Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold; T. J.
Mclnerney's Tommy Rex vs. J. Holden s Scot
tish Chief; H. A. Deckelman's Rocker vs. J.
P Thrift's Tyrone Prince; Pasha Kennelt.
Rar-dom Aim vs. J. R.Rmlth'e Victor Queen;
T. W. HelnU's High Jinks vs. Curtis & Son s
War Eagle; J. Carroll's Master Clair vs. Cur
tis & Son's Cavalier; Pasha Kennels Reve
d'Amour vs. I*owe & Thompson's Scotch Reel;
Pnsha Kennels' Rollicking Airs vh. J. R.
Smith's Svlvanus; W. Cramer's Onward vs. D.
Dillon's I>ew Drop; . T. Cooney's Modesty vs.
T. Tlerney's Tea Ro.-s: F. A. McComb s Royal
Flush vs. P. Rellly's Master Mac; Pasha Ken
nels' Recording Angel vs. G. Lennon s Half
moon: Aeneld Kennels' Fine Fire vs.
R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot; J. Byrnes
Battlpship v*. J. Hurley's O IC Capitol;
Pasha Kennels' ¦ Rural Artist vs. Aeneid Ken
nels' Aeneas; J. Dean's Connemara vs. Lande
& Gerber's Mount Ida; J. Keenan's Lundln
Links vs. B. Sylva's Re-Annex; D. J. Healy's
Lad:- Clare vs. Lande & Oerber's Ittenzl: M.
Delaney's The Oriole vs. Pasha Kennels Rude
Awakenlnsr: H. Lynch's Swedish vs. R. L.
Taylor's Mos<»; Lowe & Thompnon's Over The
Border vs. S. Handy's Twin City Girl; C.^B.
Charlesvorth's Crawford Braes vs. A. John
son's Lowlander: T. 'J. Mclnerney s Annie Hall
vs. J. Potter's Palmflower; P. McCabe s Fair
Lily vs. T. J. Cronln's Wild Tra.'ee; J. P.
Thrift's Forget vs. D. E. Wiley's High Born
Lady: Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete vs. .H.
Lynch's Lexington: F. Shou's King's Borderer
vs. W. D. Murphy's Crawford Lass;' Merrill s
Garden City vs. E. M. KellofrB's Sweet Emma;
R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Crawford Lass vs.
J. Button's Master Lawrence; D. E. Wiley's
Buck vs. J. F. McCarthy's John Doe: E. M.
Kellogg's Iowa Boy vs. P. Tterney's Lucretia
Borcla: Russell, Allen & Wilson's Victor Boy
vs. K. Geary's Palo Alto; Pasha Kennels
Risky Attempt vs. D. Dillon's Challencer; A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty vs. Pasha Kennels
May Hempstead; E. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy
Vs. F. A. McComb's Patriot; J. L." Ross J L R
vs. P. J. Reilly's Thfi' Grafter; J. Carroll's
Erin's Hope vs. F. Jackson's Turquoise; J. H.
Perl;o's Controller vs. R. E. de B. Lopez &
Son's Crawford Rex; P. J. Rellly's Expense vs.
J. Martinet's Shin. " . , -
The Talent Was on Velvet, but Few
Short-Enders Receiving the
Distinction of the Judge's
Flag.
F. A. McComb's Motto captured the
midweek reserve stake of sixty-four dogs
run at Union Coursing Park yesterday
morning and afternoon. The deciding
course between Motto and Pasha Kennels'
May Hempstead was the most interesting
and exciting one of the day. Motto's vic
tory was hard-earned, the score, 7—6, be
ing indicative of the character of the race.
Motto led up to the hare and scored the
first turn. After this it was nip and tuck
to the far end of the park, where the
hare made its escape.
The betting opened with Motto a 2 to 1
favorite, but the odds lowered to 3 to 2
before the bell buzzed. The favorites had
their game quarried pretty much all the
day, a few 1 to 2 shots winning- in the
several rounds.. The surprise of the day
was the white Hag in the Athena-Record-
Ing Angel course. Athena was 1 to 7.
¦Long courses were the' rule yesterday.
This was due to the hares, which were
very strong and fast.
The summary is as follows:
First round— J. Mahcr's Swedish beat Chla
rini Bros.' Brass Button; H. Lynch's Clair
borne beat Sterl & Knowles' Ainarosa; L. F.
Barters Banner Bright beat Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Lady Emma; D. Dillon's Europa beat
J. Maher's Emma JI; T. J. Cronln's Wild Tra
lee beat George Sharman's Bo wary Boy; Rus
sell, Allen & Wilson's Miss Allen beat George
Sharman's Bonaparte; Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist beat II. A. Deckelman's Snapshot; 1'asha
Kennels' Kaiild Addition beat J. L. Ross'
Montauk; Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead
beat J. I,. Ross' Wild Wave; Condrey &
Rought's Homeward Bound beat T. J. Cro
nln's Daisy Dale; Chiarlni Bros.' Bunco Bill
beat Pasha Kennels' Rival's Answer;.Erwtn &
Lyon's Silver Lyon beat L. F. Cartel's Baron's
Blood; K. M. Kellogg's Iowa Hoy beat Maher
& Reid's Bad Boy; J. Horn's Bor.a fide beat
AV. C. Badjfer's Alameda Lad; James Dean's
Gallant beat L. F. Barters Beer Brewer; Cur
tis & Son's Old Glory beat J. Hurley's Shy
lock Bov; Curtis & Son's Warpath b*at John
Kerrigan's Melpomene; Pasha Kennels' Round
about beat H. Murray's Challenger: F. A. Mc-
Comb's Motto beat S. E. Portal's Cannon Ball;
J. Hurley's O K Capitol beat II. Murray's
Jolly Rover; Acneld Kennels' Athena beat P.
Doyle's Liberator; Tasha Kennels' Recording
Angel beat H. I.ynoh's Lilac; Captain Cane's
Master Davenport beat S. Handy's Twin City
Girl; R. E. de R. Lopez & Son's Ppplta beat
T. J. Cronin's Depend On Me; Aeneld Kennels'
Aeneas beat H. Lynch's Lyddite.; Captain
Clarkson's Flower of Ool«l beat Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Miss Wilson: Curtis & Sons
Shadow beat George E. Robinger's Rosamonde;
P. C. r.llck's May Laurence heat F. Mack's
Black Patti: Pasha Kennels' Real Article beat
S. E. Portal's X-Ray; E. M. Kellog's Hum
mer beat Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair; R. L..
Taylor's Beauty Spot beat E. M. Kellob'K's
Lady Gilmore; R. E. de B. Lopea & Son's Di
ablo beat T. Tlerney's Lady Hulda.
Second round — Clairboirie a bye; Swedish
withdrawn;' Lady Emma beat Eurora: Wild
Tralee beat Miss Allen; Sleety Mist beat Rapid
Addition; May -Hempstead beat Homeward
Bound; Silver Lyon heat Bunco Bill: Bona Fide
beat: Iowa Boy; Gallant beat Old Glory: War
path beat Round About; Motto beat O K Cap
itol; -Athena beat Recording Angel; Master
Davenport .• beat Pepita ; Aeneas beat Flower
of Gold; Shadow beat May Laurence; Hummer
beat Real Article: Diablo beat Beauty Spot.
Third round — Lady Emma beat Clairborne:
Wild Tralee beat Sleety Mist: May Hempstead
beat Silver Lyon; Bona Fide beat Gallant;
Motto beat Warpath; Maetfr Davenport a bye
with Stlverton; Athena withdrawn; Aeneas
beat Shadow: Hummer heat Diablo.
Fourth round— Wild Tralee beat Lady Emma;
M«y Hemtistead beat . Bona Fide; Motto beat
Master Davenport: Aer.eas beat Hummer.
Fifth. - round— May Hempstead beat Wild
Tralee; Motto beat Aeneas.
Deciding course — May Hempstead beat Motto.
COURSING CARD THAT
PROMISES RARE SPORT
Deciding Course at Union
Park Was a Very Close
Contest.
MAY H EMPSTEAD
WAS TOO STRONG
TOR FAST MOTTO
Special Dlfratcij to The CalL
NE"v7 TORK, Aug. 29.— I am
stronger rtnd healthier to-day than
I have been in a long time. I am
just e.a good a fighter as I ever was,
and 1 am quite sure that McCoy,
who now has doubts on that score,
¦will be convinced to my way of
thinking before we finish our little
bout. JAMES J. CORBETT.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— I am
faster with my hands and feet, just
as clever In every way as Corbett
and can strike a much harder blow.
I believe that I will have no trouble
in defeating the former heavy
weight champion, and venture the
prediction that I will do the trick
inside of ten rounds.
CHARLES (KID) McCOY.
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— Few wagers
have been placed on Corbett or McCoy,
and leading Judges of things pugilistic
are about evenly divided regarding the
chances of two. of the most scientific pu
gilists of the age. Many McCoy men
want odds, and betting may be 10 to 8 at
the nngahJe.
Corbett and McCoy finished their train
ing for the battld to-day. McCoy put on
the finishing touches of his preparations
Bt Saratoga and announced at the conclu
sion of his day's work that he was fit to
:igfct. lie weighs tea pounds more than
he ever has beiore and is satisfied that if
he is beaten it will not be duo to lack of
condition.
McCoy will leave Saratoga- for this city
to-morrow morning.
"I am Caster u-jtn my hands and feet,"
paid McCoy, "just as clever in every way
a^ Corbett aj.d will have no trouoie in
defeating the former heavy-weight cham
pion, ana venture the prediction 1 will do
me trick Inside of ten rounds."
Since he began training Corbett has
taken en considerable weign-t, and he will
enttr the ring weighing llfj pounds, which
is t-ig-ht pounds heavier than his. highest
fighting weight heretofore. Every muscle
that will be brought into play by the for
mer champion ha* been t-horoug-hiy
trained and developed.
Corbett says that the youthful Hoosler
has Dover fought a really big, clever man
during his career as a pugilist. According
to Corbett. the only clever man McCoy
ever met was Choynski. and the Cailfor
nian nad him almost out when the Kid's
fate came to his rescue.
"McCoy,*- added Corbett, "is a good,
hard puncher and a dangerous man on
account of his hitting power, but I think
my ability to feint and sidestep will
greatly bother the Kid and give me an
opportunity to score blows that will event
ually cause his defeat. 1 am stronger and
rualthier to-day than I have been In a
Ions time. My battle with Jeffries con
vinced me that I am just as good a fighter
as 1 ever was, and I am Quite sure that
Mct'oy, who now has his doubts on that
score, will be converted to my way of
thinking before we finish our little bout
at Madison-square Garden to-morrow
r.icht."
Corbett said If he defeats McCoy he will
endf-avor to arrsr.ge another battle with
Jeffrie* for the heavy-weigrht champion
fhip of the world.
The Kid Says He Is Confident of
Defeating the Former Cham
pion Inside of Ten
Bounds.
Betting Is Very Light,
With Odds About
Equal.
CORBETT AND
McCOY ARE IN
GOOD CONDITION
PATRICK REAGAN TO WIELD
FLAG AT THE FAIR RACES
Well-Known Turfman' Is Chosen as the
Starter for the Sacramento Track.
Ej>«cial Dltsatch to Th« Call. I : ~ 7*
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 29.— Th« Im
portant post of starter tor the run
ning: races at the coming State Fair
has been assigned to Patrick Rea
gan, who has had wide experience
on the Montana circuit as well as In other
Pacific States and who has a reputation
for absolute fairness and Integrity.
The prestige of last year's success has
stimulated exhibitors In all parts of the
State to make entries for this year's fair,
which opens In this city Monday next. The
fame of the fair of last year has reached
far abroad and there will be shown next
week stock direct from New Tork and In-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL? THURSDAY, AUGUST 30, 1900.
Goes East to Visit Brothers and Returns
Here a Benedict.
IMPRESSED BY PICTURE
GOBEY WEDS ORIGINAL
MR. AND MRS. JESSE G. GOBEY.
PATRICK REAGAN, WHO WILt SEXD AWAY THE RACERS DURING
THE FAIR SEASON AT SACRAMENTO. .
4
ADVEETISEMENTS.
The reason sufferers are rot cured by Doctors
la because SO per cent ara troubled With Pro*-
tratltis. Cupidene the cn!y known r>mMy to
euro without an operation. 50W) tesilmonlala
A written guarantee Riven and n-oney r P "
turned if «i)oxe» do not effect a rerrfeno^'t
cure. $1.00 a box. « besos for t'j.no by mall
Send for free circular and testimonials
Address Davol Medicine Co.. 4ft Ei; 9 «t San
Francisco. Cal.. Grant Dr OS Co.. 38 & 0 Third at
MANHOOD RESTORED "cwidene.»
MAnnuuu ntoiuntu Thl3 Kreat vegetabi*
\ italizer. the prescription of A
—11 , „ famous French physician will
«ggg§?gm2 quickly cure y, )U of all' ner-
JjS5Vi.L2r?2v Vuus or rt!s^-* !! " i ot th.' gen«ra-
>j| i Kjf K t?k5 tive organs, su h as Last llan-
22*^ --» r&5 hoo<1 ' Insomnia, Pains In th-
««»» m rCa Back. Nervous DfbllltT. Pt:n-
FTO &>$& P les \ Exhausting Drains, Van.
*5VV coceIe « n <l -onsti^atlon. it
V*_A» stops all kM** bv day or
night. CupMpno cleanses t"-.o
liver, the kidneys and the urinary orstans of ail
Impurities. Cupttfene strengthens and restores
small weak ontans.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
X£9&*^ 421 Kearny stree". 9. F.. f 0 ,
*^*^ r)**} n * Tackle aid Sportla*
th. Pacific Ccas^^verJ d'eS-fo^'^nd 0 -!
"LIKE BROKEN REEDS"
Say" Dr. nennett, "Swayed by Vlrwivy
III Wind, Are the Nerve* of Weak
.Men and Women AYho Ilnve l>i.«o-
hr> eil >atar«-'!» I. «*•»•»• W l»«?n They
Shonlil lie Ukr Well-Poriceil Strrl
IlanilV If Von Kind Manhood
OronkhiK Yon the Doctor CJunr-
nnteea 1II« Electric licit to (nrf In
Every <n»e lie tnutlonn % uu
Acnlnit Hi» Imitator*.
You take no chances when you begin
treatment with my Electric Belt. It will
make you wel
\\l /• again — as strom
iC5fcii-i>y> an«l a3 vigorous a\
/•aJfPKV- Nature intense.!
f-HLjf \\\ you to be. I war-
y^Wli t I \ rant the cure in
f ' f - » 1 every ca.f whr-r-;
f j' _xJ I recommend tho
/ ( /¦ treatment of my
/ li^-i Electric Belt; If it
J'4w±>\}lA'L w111 not cure >' r>il
,( /^/O^^S^t^ >"""• I have no
t'i f I '"VAV'V dissatisfied patients
ff^T I nor am * P°l n £ *<>
$i$?4 I have any. My Etoc>
//t'"\N\ I I trlc * {elt * 3 no PX "
'll I 1 I periment. It rep-
\ 11 I resents my year*
V AV </ of hard work,
VUV'A study ami money.
J \f \ -^l • ¦ know exactly
what it will do —
that Is why I can warrant a cure. If my
Belt would not curp the weaknesses of
men and women the public would ha\f
discovered the fact Ions ago — no humlMisr
can keep up a pretense very loni?- The
people whom my I?elt has cured can ba
found living out their lives in health art!
comfort. Electricity is the Vital ami
Nerve Force of every human beinir.
AVhAi there is a lack of electricity In tha
system you are sick. Nature will rt"t
supply It, for perhaps nature has been
abused. That is what my Belt is for— to
supply what nature will not.
DUEMEm ELECTRIC BELT
Is entirely different from all other E!eq;
trie Belts. It has soft, silken, chamois-
covered pponpe, water-chamber electrode*
that do away with that frightful burning
and blistering: caused by all other make*
of belts (If they give a current*, which
have bare metal electrons, upon -which
verdigrris accumulates. VercSisria is a dead-
ly poison. Some concerns attempt to Imi-
tate my electrodes, which are my exclu-
sive patent, by covering the bare metal
disks with a thin coatinsr of chamois or
felt, through which a current of elec-
tricity cannot pass, but through which
verdiprls will soak. My Electric Belt can
be renewed when burned out for only T.I
cents. No other belt can be renewed for
any price and when burned out Is worth-
less. My Electrlral Suspensory fnr the
perfect cure of diseases of men free tc»
each male patient.
If y*on haTf been 1e>«l Into tmylnu
one of thrae eonnterfelt belts, nnd It
hnrn* yon fiiJI of liolen, or If you nr ¦
afraid of the ver<llcrri». or If It kItpi
no mrrent, »pnil It to me? »» half
prte«? of one of mine.
I guarantee my Belt to cure Sexual Im-
potency. Lost Manhno«l, Varlcoccle. Sper-
matorrhoea, and all Sexual Weaknesses
In eitner sex: r«>str>rf* Shrunken or Unde-
veloped Organ." and Vitality.; cure Kidney
Liver and Bladder Troubles. Rheumatism
In any form. Chronic <V>nstlpatlnn. N'er-
vous and General Debility, Dyspepsia, all
Female Complaints, etc.
Call or write to-day. I will send you mv
hook. "The Findlns of the Fountain of
Eternal Youth." and literature fr<e for
the asking. Book will tell you all about
It. Advice and consultation without cost
Dr. Bennett lef &
Corner Pout and Krnrny pt«. En-
trance 47 Pont St., Room*, ft and
G, San FrancUeo, Cnl.
A new spelling book will be used Jn Cin-
cinnati in which there are some changes
In the spelling of words. Among thrrn
are "thru" for through, "altho" for al-
though and "catalog" for catalogue. .The Weekly Call.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAB- .
.'CALLUSTRO . WINDOW AND MIRROR
POLISHERS." .They are, easier to use than read
about. - Dispense . with ¦ sloppy buckets, soap
and .•¦ sponges , for a your, windows, mirrors: and
marbles. ¦ You sea -through glass darkly with
out CALLUSTRO. No store's : stock complete
without them. •
Ten Four-Bound Bouts.
The Initial boxing feast of the Golden
Gate Athletic Club drew a large crowd
last night to Washington Hall, on Stock
ton and Union streets. There were ten
four-round contests. Eddy Neil won from
¦Fred Lavinge on points ; Frank Flores
took Bob Knnis' measure; Kid Haley's
hammer-like blows were, too severe for
Charles Cassassa; Kid Finnerty's smashes
forced. the referee to take; Kid Lean out
of the ' ring : \V. Attel made Kid Dodaon
look like 30 cents: Young Mitchell was
too warm for Landers; tJack Kelly passed
a few stiff jolts to Jack McCormlck and
satisfied the referee that he was the bet
ter fighter; Tom Woods got the decision
over Young Sullivan, as did Jim Daley
over August Amlod. The main event,
Tony Amanty vs. Young Jeffries, went for
an extra round and was declared a draw.
There were no knockouts. . . >
Child Study Club Will Reopen.
The San Francisco Child Study Club.
Mr?. Hestfr Harland. president, will be
ein the year's meetings on Friday after
noon n«-xt at the Occidental Hotel. Miss
Anna M. Btovall will address the meeting
on "The- Kindergarten for Every Child."
THEATRICAL BENEFIT
SWELLS DUBOCE FUND
Performance at Alta Theater Nets a
Tidy Sum for the Soldier's ,
Widow.
A tidy sum, amounting to more than $100.
was added, to the fund for the benefit of
the widow of the late Colonel Victor D.
Duboce ; as a . result of the benefit per
formance given 'last night at the Alta
Theater. The pretty place of amusement
was comfortably filled and the audience,
in return for its patronage, was treated
to a splendid performance in the rendition
of the/ popular drama, "East Lynne."
The play was well cast and the members
of the company certainly merited the ap
plause given them for their clever acting.
During the first act Captain Jack Craw
ford, the poet scout, who ls announced for
an engagement at the theater for next
week, recited several poems and related
Incidents . of ¦ the life of Wild Bill, illus
trating how that frontiersman received his
death wound.
Sunset Telephone and TelegTaph
Company Htfuscs to Remove
Poles and Wires.
The Sunset Telephone and Telegraph
Compafiy has !;r<-.:icht suit in {he United
Ftatr-s Circuit <.v<urt .• l .srair.?t the county of
fan Mateo. P. II. McKvov „. <\ 0 Ben-
tletti. J. H. Ooleman. H. Q. Tilton and
John McCormick. constituting the Boari
(•t Supervisors, and J. H. Hullock the
District Attorney, to restrain thorn from
enforcing the provisions of an ordinance
adopted Jnly 2 of this year requiring the
telephone company to remove within
Fixty day* its poles and wir<'s to a trr
tain Lin* OUtsMe of the exterior linrs of
tit* pubifc road<=. A temporary restraining
crder was granted.
SAN MATEO OFFICIALS
WILL BE RESTRAINED
Members Will Be Assessed Each
Week While Strike Is in
Progress.
There were no startling development*
in the millmen's trouble yesterday. The
Building Trades Council will have a meet
ing to-nlght when the situation will b*fe re
viewed. A largely attended meeting of
the Carpenters' Union was held at their
Mission street quarters last -evening and
a resolution was passed indorsing the po
sition of the millmen and pledging finan
cial support.
The union voted to contribute $500 im
mediately and each mernOer will be as
sessed $1 50 a week as long as the mlU
men remain out. There are about 2000
members in this union. It is expectel
that other organizations afMllateo. w^th
the Building Trades Council will take sim
ilar action.
The mlllowners reported matters run
ning along smoothly. The association wli;
meet the last of the week, -^but no busi
ness- of importance is scheduled to come
up.
CARPENTERS' UNION VOTES
TO ASSIST THE MILLMEN
The case of Daniel Crowley, charged
with violating the ordinance against pool
selling, in which the Jury disagreed on
Tuesday night, was called In Judge Ca
banlss" court yesterday. The second trial
was set for to-morrow afternoon and a
venire for seventy-five talesmen was is
sued. •¦-»•• -'.
Crowley Case Beset.
would be: acquired In this manner. The
change simply meant that a "pull" was
to be substituted for merit.
In absolute comulaieence Mark an
nounced that Miss M. A. Deane, principal
of the Redding Primary School, requested
Mrs. Steele, who was thereupon appoint
ed. In one night she had been admitted
to the department, passed all the stages
of probation and had received a regular
class In a school. Eight days later Miss
Deane asked and received a leave of ab
sence for one year.
It is such methods as these through
which teachers who have been, in the
School Department for years are deprived
of their salaries and are kept indefinitely
on the unassigned list that permit favor
ites to receive the patronage of President
Mark" and of the board of which he Is a
member. This affair has created a deal
of scandal in the department, but teachers
can formulate no remedy more effective
than that of protesting and exposing the
methods of the board. '— ¦ — f
SAY MERIT, BUT MEAN PULL.
Miss Cleary, an Unassigned Teacher,
¦ Explains the Board of Educa
tion System.
Miss E. B. Cleary, one of the twenty
seven teachers who at the Monday even-
Ing meeting of the Board of Education
was plnced on the unassigned list with
out pay, is collecting School Board sta
tistics and atthe same time trying to ar
range in chronological order the many
and various positions she has occupied
In the School Department. All this she
is 'doing In the vain hope that thereby
she . may glean a faint idea of . the gov
erning system of the Board of Education,
and perhaps at the same time discover
where she Is at.
. Miss Cleary was appointed February 23,
1S98, and assigned a regular class at the
Douglas School. After ¦ teaching six
months she war. consolidated out by the
Bergerot board and placed on the unas
signed list without pay. Two weeks later
Miss Cleary was" put ' on the substitute
list and continued on that list till Mon
day evening, when" President Mark's
board put her back again with the unas
signed teachers.
Miss Cleary feels she has not been fair
ly treated by the board and Is not: averse
to stating just how she feels In the mat
ter. ¦ .:;;;•: v
- . "I . do not consider that we have been
fairly treated," said Miss Cleary yester
day, "and when I say 'we' I mean all of
us < teachers who have been consolidated
out without, any regard to any of the
rules the board has adopted in the matter.
First it was, decided that the younger
teachers should be the victims of consoli
dation and that they should be reap
pointed in chronological order. Then that
rule: was done away with and it was de
cided that merit should.be the test of re
appointment, and that the . : principal In
whose school the vacancy occurred Was
to ask for a teacher , to rill that vacancy,
and; that : his demand should be governed
by ..his judgment of the called for
teacher's ability." '
"Xow I know," continued, Miss Cleary.
"that, that : merit . system . has. also^een
done away with. The board members, will
tell- you that it has not, and, they, wiil
be correct ,ln their* assertion If you can
conceive of 'merit' being. the synonym
for: 'pull/* '' . ¦ ¦ ,
'(.'_. "Wht-n I was on; the substitute list,"
explained; Miss; Cleary,, "there. was a va
cancy in ' the ''. Agassiz School "and Miss
Sallle; Jones, the principal, asked; Presi
dent Mark and Director >Casserly:. that . I
be assigned to, fill the vacancy." : When It
HENRY REID DIES FROM
A FRACTURED SKULL
Tails From a Union-Street Car at
Baker and Greenwich
Streets.
Henry. Reid, who fell from a Union-
Ftreet car en Tuesday n'ght while round
ins the curve at Bakor and Greenwlcn
j-:rrets. did at the Receiving Hospital
about 7 »,Vlock yesterday morning, and
hi* body was removed to the Morgue.
No furious results wore anticipated till
about 1 o'clock yesterday morning, wh*»n
it v.a 'tscovered that Raid's skull wan
tract u:*-c\ Dr. Bunnell performed the
opTation of trephining tlie skull. In the
hope <>f Favlnc hi3 life, but it proved un-
EuccessfuL
Hfid resided In Los Angeles, where h»
had larRe business interests and a wire
.irsd family. He came here en business
and was stoppine at 1*7 Perry street with
r. friend. Max Bayer, who vas with him
at the time "f th" accident. He was 47
y*ars old end a native of Germany.
PRF^IDENT CECIL W; MARK
OF THE BOARD OP EDUCA
TIONV>AXD THE LADY WHO
HAS -A'. REMARKABLE RECORD
OF PROMOTION IN THE DE
PAKTMENT.
It appears unfortunate that she who is
an estimable . woman and admittedly
"apable should serve as an example to
Illustrate the dishonesty with which
President Mark and his associates are
treating the teachers of the department.
Until a month and five days ago Mrs.
Steele was a special teacher of general
history In the department. She was In the
same category as other special teachers,
such as those of cooking and physical
tiilture, and -subject to the whim of the
boa'rd as far ."is her tenure of office was
concerned. She could be discharged at
will and in July was dismissed on the
score of economy. For rive years she haa
been a demonstrator with the stereopti
con. and the board decided that it could
no longer stand the expense of her em
ployment.
This assertion was simply one of the
subterfuges which has angered the teacn
ers by palpable dishonesty of methods.
Mrs. Steele was awarded her salary for
July, which Is vacation month, and during
which she did not work. On July 23 she
was elected a substitute in the regular
department. At that very time the School
Board was consolidating teachers out, of
the department on the ground that their
services were not needed, and they should
not receive salary. Schools were being
upset, instructors were being degraded at
the very time when President Mark per
fected his scheme.
But he had not by any means com
pleted his plan. When one plays favorites
there" seems to be no half measure for
success. It was not President Mark's
purpose to leave Mrs. Steele on the sub
stitute list. That list was already com
plete, and teachers on it were in immi
nent danger of being relegated to the un
assignl-d list through the consolidation of
classes In schools. But President Mark
had provided for the emergency.
Mark's Fraud Upon the Teachers.
When the present Hoard of Education
assumed its duties a definite system of
promotion for teachers was in operation.
The previous board had reorganized the
department after the scandalous actions
of its predecessor. Teachers were as
signed to. the unassigned and substitute
lists chronologically In the order of their
appointment to the department. This ap
peared to be the only reasonable, just
method of. placing teachers In the depart
ment and was accepted without protest.
The present board, however, discovered
a way in which to provide for Its favor
ites and add to the discontent and sense
of Injustice, which was already rampant
in the department.
•It decided that teachers should not, b«
promoted ; according to the date of their
entrance into the School Department. If
this had been done 1 Mrs.. Steele would
have been the last' on the unassigned Use
and wouid have been compelled to pro
gress slowly through the unassigned list,
then into the substitute, list and finally
into the. regular department as vacancies
In the regular, roll occurred. This is a se
rious process, as some (f the young wom
en who have been on the substitute list
for years and are forced to submit' to such
favoritism as the Steeje case Illustrates
can testify. The present board had made
tho way easy for favorites. On July 23
Mrs. Steele- was dismissed as a special
teacher. A few .minute* ** later she was
elected a substitute in the department
and a few minutes aftorthat she was as
signed to the Redding, Primary School "at
the request of the principal." The Job
was complete. The joker In the -whole
affair was the significant phrase "at the
request of the principal." which has
given to the board the.* opportunity to
care for favorites at the expense of every
one else. : .
Discipline of the Department De-
stroyed.
When this board assumed office 'it abol- :
ished the rule wh.lch provides 'that pro
motion in v the department ; shall i be made'
according to the date of appointment. ¦: In
a single sentence the board destroyed! the
discipline of the department and declared
that promotions shall : be made ."'at '. the
request .of the - principal." ; Mark ; and his
associates claimed that greater efficiency^
THE maladministration of the local
"Board of Education has reached a
certain climax where the Indigna
tion of the teachers, who are 'sub
jected to the grossest discrimina
tion, and of the public, which is being
forced to see the department demoralized,
is taking the definite form of protest. The
present Board of Educatfon has eclipsed
all others in the palpable dishonesty of
jtp proceedings. It has degraded teachers
of long standing in the department to
make way for the election of favorites,
who have been chosen in the secrecy of
star-chamber meetings. It has destroyed
the m°rit system of promotion for teach
ers and has substituted that of a political
pull.
It has overthrown the system of grada
tion established by its predecessors and
supplanted it by a scheme In which prin
cipal? of schools are expected to carry out
the shady plans of the board. An absurd
classification has been adopted in the face
of a united protest from parents, teachers
and educators. Children have been
crowded into classrooms like cattle, in or
der that consolidations might be made and
provision In the department for favorites
might be Insured. An absurd course of
study, based upon university methods, ha?
been adopted and forced upon pupils and
teachers alike.
Wherever possible Eastern educators
have been smuggled into the department
to the cost of local teachers, notably in
the physical culture department. Thou
sands of citizens have protested against
this high-har-dr-d proceeding and have
been told by the board to attend to their
own affairs. Under the mask of economy
the greatest extravagance has been in
dulged, particularly in the cooking depart
ment, reorganized to make provision for
friends of President Cecil W. Mark of^the
board. The result of all this upheaval
has been a demoralization of the depart
ment, unrest and apprehension among the
teachers and chaos among the children.
Meanwhile, under the rlngleadershlp of
Mark, the board continues its schrmes to
destroy the efficiency of tbe department.
Smuggled Into the Dapartment.
The affair has reached such a pass that
some of the teachers who have been dis
turbed in their positions and reduced, in
rank and salary are preparing to take
action in the courts and to make a united
petition to Mayor Phelan to call a halt
from the members of the School Board,
who are his official creatures.
After the School Board had upset prece
dents, destroyed the stability which t had
marked the tenure of teachers, con
solidated classes, overcrowded schools,
weighted with useless courses of study
every grade in the department and se
cretly installed favorites some of the
teachers bogan an inquiry and learned
some of the startling secret schemes of
the board, manipulated under the leader
ship of Mark.
One of the cases which attracted notice
ami which serves to indicate,, the manner
In which the School Board is providing
for its favorites at the expense of othere
is that of Mrs. Hattio B. Steele. This'
lady has been a member of the regular
department for one month and five days.
While other teachers have been degraded
from positions which they have held com
petently and securely for years. Mrs.
Stceie has had the honor of being elected
to a regular position within one week
after she was admitted to the depart
ment.
While young women have been waiting
years in patience on the substitute list for
a permanent place in the department Mrs.
Steele, by the favor of President Mark,
passes directly and at once through the
stages of the unassigned, substitute and
probationary into a regular position.
While many teachers have been consoli
dated out of schools and deprived of their
positions Mrs. Steele has been quietly in
stalled In the -Reddinc Primary. How
many more such cases are. hidden in the
records of the "reform" board ls now a
matter of inquiry by the leachers. who
resent the discrimination from which they
are suffering.
Dismissed, Appointed and Promoted
in a Night. • V
The caae ot Mrs. Steele ls interesting.
BROTHER HOGEA WILL
LEAD THE ORCHESTRA
A Splendid Musical Programme Will
Be Rendered at St. John's Ba
zaar To-Night.
The attendance at St. John's bazaar Ia3t
night was the largest there has been
this week. All through the evening the
main hall wa3 thronged by crowds of peo
ple all trying to outdo oachother in tak
ing chances in raffles for everything under
the sun — In fact from a chance on a ton
of coal to a ticket in the rattle for a grey
hound pup.
A number of the priests from other par
ishes paid the fair a visit last night.
Father Quinn of St. Brigid's parish came
early in the evening and went right down
the line, buying something in every booth.
Father Harkett was a close second in
spending money in the good of the cause.
He was surrounded all the tlrre he was In
the fair by a bevy of pretty girls, who
were trying to dispose of their raffle
tickets.
To-night the Sacred Heart orchestra
¦will render a splendid .programme. The
orchestra will be under the direction of
Brother Hosea. It is more than possible
that there will be also some fine vocal
selections by some of the best musical
talent in the city. At the close of the
concert there will be a hop and a general
good time. . .
If you wish to visit the fair, to-night will
be one of the great nights. Take a Mis
sion-street (yellow) car and it will take
you to the gates of old St. Mary's Col
lege. ,A visit to the bazaar will insure
you a good night's enjoyment and you
will at the same time be assisting: in the
cause of charity.
SAYS CITY TAX RATE
MUST BE READOPTED
Attorney Lloyd Informs the Auditor
That Statute Must Be
Obeyed.
Auditor Wells was informed by his at
torney. Reuben H. "Lloyd, yesterday that
the city tax rate of $1,127 mutt be re
adopted on the third Monday in Septem
ber, in order to comply with the State
law. Thi« opinion is in conformity with
ihat heretofore he'd by the Auditor.
v 1 it h t\a^ published In detail two weeks
ago. Mr. Lloyd also explained his views
to Supervisor McCarthy, who happened
to bo in the Auditor's office at the time.
K° .-:.i'l that if the city rate wire • not
adopted <m the tame day as the State rate
1>> !h? Board of Supervisors it would be
a violation of the statute, and the fact
might l.o taken advantage of by shirking
taxpayers to challenge the validity of the
•ax levy, and thus involve the «*ity In
er.«!le.'-s litigation. This view Is also <n
accord with that of John A. Russell, clerk
61 the Board of Bnpcrrifors.
Auditor W'plls v. - ill send a communica
tion to the board n^xt Monday outlining
hi* vims <>n the subjt-ct and also suijjrest
ing that an apportionment be made out
¦ ? the Increased revenue of scmo J250.001
fc'hich wi'l romo from ¦ highor assessment
r»l! than was originally estimated. This
will r.iis» tl>e several film's to a consider
able figure, as the money will be divided
pro rata amonc thrm ncror>iin? to the
various sffrreieatinns of the tax rate.
T.Jayor Phelan contends that the charter
la supreme tn th*» ?ta.re law in rejrard to
the living of the city tax rate. That in
f-trumf-m provide? for its adoption in
June, which has been done. The Mnyor
that the charter framer- .-T'a^jed it
in thai way so that th° appropriations for
the various denurtrnents could be made
before the beginning of the new fiscal
year. Instead of thrr-o months later as
formerly.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAXD HOTEL
J Raymond, Cal
J A liroderlck, L Ang
G V.est. Cal
F W Bancroft, Stanfrd
M Dlnkelspiel. Sulsun
t; F Thompson, Berkly
H Hus, Berkeley <
(J Boyte. Sacto
E II Pratt. M D
It T Scott. U S N
W Dlckson. Bds Lndig
L C Green, Cal
J J Cannon. Seattle
J X Hoyt. Hanford
J Zeehandelaar, Cal
J A Watson & w. Cal
K F Williamson & w,
Kentucky
P. Wolff, Los Anff
C C Taylor & w, Cal
J Cress & w. L, Ang
Miss C C White. Tenn
G It Webb. Cal
C AV Ef.ston. Modmo
E E Pauton, Honolulu
J A Black. Chioaso
A B Stoddard, Dawson
C O Andrew, St Louis
G W McCardy & W,
Washington
C Duncan. Rocklin
J AV Flavelle. Phlla
n R Veal, Martinez
D C Mitchell. St Helen
W Jereslaw, Brentwod
P Musto. Stockton
(3 W Scott & w, S Jose
W H Maud. Seattle
A Anderson, Suisun
J Collins & w, Cal .
Miss Collins. Courtlnd
C F Wrizht. Auburn
E Fitzgerald. Xeb
J Gibson. Los Ang
[Miss Oibi'on. Los Ang
'J A Gibson. Los Ang
T Hawley. Oakland
J A Hart. Sta Clara
jMrs J A Hart. S Clara
iJ M Mason. Chicago
A Bixby. Watsonville
C Bell, Stanford
J A Miller Jr. Stanfd
W A Sleep. Or Valley
F Griffith. Sacto
A Barry & w. Angels
T Corlda, Angels Camp
W H Housh, Cal
A R Gress & w. Cal
fJ Perrana. San Jose
J Smith. Grass Valley
A C Osborne, Stkton
r B Sherman. Chicago
E Thayer. Stanford
M Franklin, X Y
a C Lynch. N Y
R V Hartwell. Cal
T A Buell, Stockton
F Bancroft. Cal
0 R Stone. San Jose
W Schwan. Sp.cto
\V Graham. Auburn
C Dantion. Phoenix
E Harkness, Chlco
Mrs E Harkness. Chlco
O W Farn3worth, Cal
R C Hart, fiacto
H H Schaefer. Cal
II Hutchtnson. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
W C Ralston & w. Cal;
E C Apperson. Sunol
Hon B Herman & w,
Washington
R J Waters & w, L An
C Canfleld & w, Ls An
E Doheny & w, Ls Ang
A P Maglnnls, Ls Ang
C Sutton, Los Anc
T Couch; Montana
O E Maglnnis. Chlcag
W W I>oeg. Los Anff
W E Lester, D C
D Pepper & w, Phlla
C W Thompson & w,
Lcs Angeles
Miss C B Herps. L An
T L Bailey. Los Ang .
T Cuyler & w. Pa
Miss L Cuyler, Pa
Miss H Cuyler. Pa
Miss C Cuyler, Pa
Miss Cuyler, Pa
R C Rogers, Sta Barb
J \V Pratt. Seattle
Mrs H C Hlnlskamp,
St Louis
Miss L HIniskamp, St
Louis
Miss O Hiniskamp. St
Louis
C Htntskamp, St Louis
L Helm & w. Los An*
R F Crowell. Stanford
H O Stevenson & w,
Menlo Park
A Thompson, Neb
Mrs E Buckingham,
Vacavllle
C Kahlman. N T
Col R C A Woods & w,
Beronrfa
Miss J Haskell. Stanfd
Miss F Haskell. Stanfd
H J Frost. N T
G W Peltier * w. Sac
O E Ide. USX
C Fernald. Sta Barb
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL.
C Kneas. Toronto
L Martenberg. La An*
Mrs Klnley & fm. Vail
T Shlrmacher & fam,
Helena
E *W Davis, Sacto
G Lawrence. San Jose
H B Cartwright. Cal
F B Richardson. Cal
Miss Li Dow, Boston
R M Downle, Pa
Mrs M L Moyer. Mo
Miss L Locke. Mo
K A Armstrong. Seattt
Mrs Hoslam. Pasadena
W Chlnn. Or Valley
C P Shccjder. USA
IJ TVaddle. Sacto
! J H Frazier & fm. Cal
E B Taylor, Tenn
TEACHERS' ANNUITY
SOCIETY IS TO MEET
Constitution and By-Laws Submitted
\/: v at Last Meeting Will Be
Passed Upon.
The Public School Teachers* Annuity
and Retirement Society of San Francisco
will hold a meeting to-morrow afternoon
at 4 o'clock in the assembly chamber of
the Board of Education. The constitu
tion and by-laws submitted at the last
meeting will be discussed and their adop
tion voted upon.
The retirement committee has reported
to the Commissioners five more annui
tants, which will make thirty. The Apr.*
quarterly warrants to annuitants, 1901,
will be drawn for less than half the maxi
mum annuities heretofore paid, as the
annuity fund will be exhausted with the
January payments. Balance in annuity
fund July 1, 1000, $3212 94; permanent fund,
$9467 53, both In savings banks drawing In
terest. The annuities of members of the
society will be supplemented.
Miss T. C. Stohr. financial secretary of
the society, will be present in room 1, Su
perintendent's department, third floor
City Hall,. hereafter on Mondays, at 3:30
to 5 p. m..to receive dues to the Annuity
Society, which must be paid. Do cents at a
time.
; — rr. ; —
Rules Are Changed to Suit Schemers' and Assist in Smuggling -New Teachers
Into the Department.
One Instructor Dismissed, Reappointed and Assigned to a School
in a Single Night, While Others Are Relegated to the
Unassigned List Without Pay.
Will Notify Directors He Will Not
Audit Demands for Plumbing in
Franklin and Buena Vista
Structures.
The Board of Education has again run
cfoul of Auditor Wells in its persistent
course of ordering repairs ' to school
houses, which the official holds are under
the special charge of the Board of Pubjic
Works by a specillc provision of the
charter. The Auditor's attention was
called yesterday to the resolution passed
at the last meeting of the School Board,
in which the secretary was directed to
invite bids for the reconstruction of the
plumbing in the Franklin Grammar and
liiiena Vista schools and to perform such
ciner work as the sanitation may require.
It the board proceeds to earn' out the re
pairs Auditor Wells says he will withhold
the demands for the work and thus bring
the controversy to an Issue.
The repairs are ordered by the School
Board under a mutual agreement with
the Board of Works, but Auditor Wells
Fays that surh a procedure is clearly 11
legaJ. He will send a communication to
the Board of Eduration calling attention
to the provisions of the charter and noti
fying it that unless the law is complied
¦with he will refuse to flgn the demands
for any r<]>airs which arc not done under
the supervision of the Board of Works.
The Board of Education may also come
in conflict with th«> Health Department
regarding th*" plumbing to bo done in the
two pchonls r.ame<l. Health Officer O'Brien
will Insist that the repairs must be made
to meet tho views of the plumbing in-
FP<»rtor and undt-r such requirements as
a private citizen must comply with in the
construction of plumbing.
Auditor Says Power Lies
With Board of Public
Works.
SCHOOL BOARD
MAY HOT REPAIR
THE BUILDINGS
LOCAL SCHOOL BOARD FRAUDS THROUGH
WHICH FAVORITES RECEIVE POSITIONS.
came to the matter of appointing me Miss
Jones was- told that it could not be done
because her request had been verbally
made instead of being: formally presented
in writing. Miss Jones thereupon made
a written request, but she was denied the
privilege of selecting her teacher. Mls3
Harney, who was consolidated out o*
Stanford School, was put In the place, and
the explanation offered was that the con
solidated teachers of the present board
must take preference In matter of ap
pointment."
According: to Miss Cleary Mrs. C. R.
Pechln made a request that Miss Lucile
O'Connell be appointed to fill a vacancy
in her school. Miss' O'Connell tilled the
position for a month and then was re
called rind Miss Amy Cookson, one of
Mark's consolidated teachers, was put in
her place. The month, that Miss O'Con
nell served she received substitute pay —
that is $2 50 per day. Miss Cookson wa?
given regular pay, which amounts to con
siderably more. Mrs. P. Ostrom and Mis*
Madge Dowllng are two other teachers
who, according to Miss Cleary. had to
make way for the proteges of President
Mark.
"Do you call that system?" asked Miss
Cleary, after citing the aforesaid cases.
"I don't. I call it favoritism."
The fact that the board claims consoli
dation is a matter, of necessary economy
is a subject '. productive of much amuse
ment to Miss Cleary.
"They talk of economy," said the d 1 *-
posed teacher, "and with the same breath
they make places for thirty special in
structors and establish seven cooking
schools with -heaven only knows how
many gas stoves, consuming any quantity
Of gas.
"I wonder." said Miss Cleary, in con
clusion., "whether yfit can really be true
that the board Is standing In with the
gas company?" '¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 30, 1900.
5
BT FAR THE GREATER NUMBER OF PA-
tlents, seeking relief for so-called weakness,
are strong, robust men in every other respect.
Our theory that Lo*s of Vitality. Premature-
ness, etc.. are not weaknesses, but the symp-
toms of inflammatory processes in the Prostala
Gland (so-called neck of bladder), caused by
contracted disorders and early dissipation, is
now being adopted by the leading specialists of
the world, and that bugbear. "Weakness of
Men.". Is removed from the list of Incurable dis-
orders. Even the layman can understand that
tonics cannot cure inflammation, and these cases
under their administration, go from bad to
worse. Under our local plan of treatment, di-
rected toward reducing the enlarged and swollen
Prostate, Immediate results, as indicated by In-
creased circulation and renewed strength, is ob-
served. Our colored chart of the organ*, which
we send free on application, ls Interesting to
any one wishing to study the anatomy of the
male.
Offices and Hospital, entire upper floor.
997 Market St., Cor. bixth.
KAHLER'S new summer resort. Cazadero. CaL
— Home cooking, excellent Bshlng and hunt-
ing: general mdse.. choice liquor*, cigars:
popular orlces- •
*«>S&£p^^*sWH T?ns>ij for Uonorrhcr*
Plwt, Spermatorrhoea,
JBHy in 1 to 5 d»Tl->jg White*. IDDItS'tl IU.
SSmm Qtiru"^ S3 rhargeR, or aor lnfla-'ma.
S*6f not to atrktart. tion. i irritation or nicer*
«*«-JPi«Ten«s »nt»ftcm. tlon «•?. vanoous mei*>
K£^THEEvAN3CHEHiguCa Cranes. Noa-astringenl.
XfgL c;no;:«atlo JHWH s>old *** Tm&riutM,
V. ".. A 3^H or lent ln plain wrsppst
v ¦ CirooiAc mm ws> rumiM.
SANTA Cruz Mountains— A quiet ranch, five,
miles from Santa Cruz: detlshtful summer
home In redwoods; running water: abundanc«
fruit: good table; terms $5 SO week. Address
\V. CRANDALL, Santa Cnia. Cal.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co.: fine fUhing. beating, bathing and
hunting: 'n the heart of the mountains. Th»
best tabl- tn Lake Co. Address O. WEI3-
MAN. illdlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ing, tennis, llrery. new walks, etc. Writ* for
circular to H. WAMBOLP.
LAur»l D*1L Lake County. CaJ. !
vis:- OR JORDAN'S qreat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
gft 1051 MA3m ST. bit. e&*7&, 3./.fcl
Cjf The Larzest Anatomical Mmenm hi the
¦¦I inr World. We*koe«»<i» <* 4-iy contracted
OtJr&Jj diiene p*-^HI»ely c«r«Jhy the oldest
IK?L4« fapeuaiistcml*. Cowl E*t.36year»
flWgf A 0ft. JORDAK-PUr/ATE 91SEASE3
StiftjSffeH Cenultaticn fret tnd ttrirtlv pritate
B Jttfl/ J Tr« HDiem. personally or by letter. A
fl Or <9t¥f f—.tn* CVretn every cat* undertaken.
R ff llfit Back. PBlL.«*«>|-n««r
II il ViaaiAGe, mailbo ex.au. iA
J /j, valuable boo!: for mm 1
D«- 4UBDAX A CO., KM Market St.. S. F.
What is -wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt , it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say. pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There arc a thou-
sand virtues ' of soap; this
one is enouo-h. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it. ;
' ¦
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
ra £j i ,. *^
KLAMATM MOT SPJTfftCS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county la
' California. Trout fishing— finest la the State—
Ehove'. Creek. 1* miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of game In surrounding mountains-
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors. Beswlck. Sisktyoti County. Cal.
ST- flELENA SANITARIUM- JSSKS^S
Nap* Valley. The Institution has all th« ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as belag %
tally equipped sanitarium. Carriage meats alt
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
BT. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. CaL
CALIFORNIA H01 iPRINGS^I^^
Springs: new macartment; a place of comfort
all seasons: 46 miles from S. F.. via Tlburon
firry R. R. station on hotel grounds: exten-
sive swimming tank: $10 30 and rip p»r w»«k:
round trip fl 10 on Sunday. COOPER /k STFW-
ART. Agua Callente. CaL Long-distance phone.
f lun UEErCD Free from foes and cold
WAlTll jHCrn.EK winds. The Popular Resort
Among Redwoods of Sonoma Co.; Free Boat-
ing. Bathing. Fishing and Hunting. Lots sell
from $10 tn tTS. Cottages built from $30 and
upward. Board and lodging. $S per week: un-
furnished rooms. $1 per week. Address H. M.
GREGSON. Camo Meeker.
CI^ArrS HOT 8FRING3. SONOMA
OIV.HlVIVJO County; only 4H houn
from San Francisco and but nine miles oJ
sta sing; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural bath In Stats: grand mounts. n
scenery: gocd trout streams at door: telephone,
telegraph: dally mall and eTpresa: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
San Francisco only SS 50. Tak* Tlburan ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m. Terms. J3 a day or
HI a week. Reference*— ...ny truest of the past
U»e years; patronage constantly Increasing..
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
PPHEUMATISM
M \ ••••CI/REO*—
' by the waters and the mud baths
and the hot mineral baths of
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Address A. BETTEXS. Manager.
Byron Hot Sprtnjts. Cal.
LOMBARD & CO.. 36 Geary St.. City Agt».
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th« waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout,Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kldn-y Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaint*. Hotfl and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and 9*h-
ln«t. No foes. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. 112 to 114 per w«nk. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. 3. F., 9 a.
m acd 2:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at Gtlroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
Peruna is a specific for hay fever and
should be taken during the w.iole season
of the exposure to the cause: for, as Ions?
as the exeltinc cause remains, no cure
can be permanent. People who are unable
to change their location during the season
of hay fever will find Peruna a priceless
benefit to them, as it meets every disa-
greeable symptom exactly. It is always
advisable to begin the use of Peruna -\
week or two before the expected attack
of hay fever In old cases, where the at-
tack can be foreto'd, as this n-ill often
prevent entirely the return of the diseajo.
Address Dr. Hartman. Columbus. Ohio,
for a free book.
"I have used your treatment for ca-
tarrh of the head, nose and throat, aa
you diagnosed it, and have taken four
bottles of Peruna. which did accomplish
all the good work you claimed for your
valuable medicine. I can way truthfully
that I am entirely cured I have for yea.**
been a suftVrer of thi.* disease, especially
during «nrirfT and summer time, and
never havo received any relief until very
hot or very cold weather set In.
"I had taken these four bottles during
February. March and April, when I not
only felt greatly better, but was as th»
case stands now, cured, for every year
for these thre^ years the attacks returned
about the middle of August and last.-rt
until December. During the critics.1 month
of September I have had only a slignt
attack of hay fever or catarrh, which I
get rid of by taking about three-fourtha
of a bottle of Peruna. while, for instance,
the autumn of "97. during which time I
had only redress to thf» remedies then
known to me. I suffered' for mrmtij*. I
have been entirely free from catarrh x*Jtlr»
autumn with the exception of the abor«
mentioned time. J. NASCHOLD."
Pleasant avenue. Philadelphia. Pa., rec-
ommends Peruna for endemic catarrh
(hay fever). He writes:
For booklet, rates and other Information,
apply to
OTTO E. NEVER. Prop.. Paso Pujbles, Cal.
FRANK XV. ETLT. City Agent.
Tel. Red 2336. No. 640 Market St.. S. F.
Special round-trip rebate tickets.
THERE IS ONLY ONE
I HOT SPRINGS
The hot mud. hot sand, hot sulphur and
hot soda baths are unexcelled. Every mod-
ern convenience at the hot^l.
Hay fever is really acute catarrh ex-
cited by minute emanations, from cer-
tain grasses, flowering plants, fungi or
dried vegetable substances. It la very
sudden in Its onset^and without proper
treatment continues until the season
changes or the patient goes to some
favorable locality. It has all the symp-
toms of acute catarrh— sneezing, abun-
dant exudations of. mucus and thickened,
reddened mucous membranes, sometime
exciting spasmodic asthma.
The Remarkable Experience of a Philadelphia
Architect With This Malady.
HAY FEVER OR ENDEMIC CATARRH.
Mr. J/Naschold..
Mr. J. Naschold. 426 West Mount
v ADVERTISEMENTS
Dr. Talcott & Co.
PRACTICE CONFINED TO
DISORDERS OF THE MALE.
Specialists
.iyVien
YV \JV| // S 7RICTLr RELIABLE.
\ 1/
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Life at
Hotel fc'Coronado
Means a good time all the time. -
Excursion parties. Hunting', Fish--" '.
Ing and Tachtlnc Parties. It Is
country life with city advantages.
GET SPECIAL SUMMER RATES
F. S. BABCOCK. Manager, Coro- ¦ .
nado Beach. Cal.
GET INFORMATION at
623 Market Street, . .-
San Francisco, Cal.*•".• .The pedagogues assembled in State convention at
Sin./Jjose have reached the conclusion that school
..laws.- h^ve become obsolete. The educators must
havt-br^n studying ths administration of affairs under
San Francisco's "reform" board.
• -: * - ¦ -
Dr. E. ' E. Stone of ' Marysville is at the
Lick. "
Lieutenant B. Bruce, U.,8. N., Is at the
Occidental.
. Dr f J. C. Bull Jr. of Eureka is registered
at the Lick. . v
C. W. Easton, an attorney of Modesto,
is at :the Grand.
' C. A. Canfleld, the Los Angeles oil man.
Is at the ¦ Palace.' . Y
W. Joreslaw, a merchant of Brentwood,
is at. the Grand. gg|gg
L.-S.- Alexander, a merchant of Watson
ville',13 at the California.
'. Capitalist T. tDeWitt Cuyler and • fam
ily are«guests at the Palace.
Edward "W. Ferguson, chief engineer of
the.Chlna.l8 at; the Occidental.
George W.Pelter, the Sacramento mer
chant, is a guest at the Palace. ¦, ?+
-':, R. . M.' Shackleford, a - rancher of Pa*o
Robles|.Is registered at the Lick.-, .;
v R. W. . Shingle, a merchant of Honolulu.
is among the guests at the Occidental.
Colonel H/, C. Mr Woods and ' wife' of
Bermuda are registered at the Palace.
-* J. H. Mackenzie,' manager of. the famous
PERSONAL MENTION.
Some of the interesting dive-keepers of this city
who are groaning under police interference in their
affairs may find hope of a new field for their opera
tions in the fact that owing to a legislative mistake
Hawaii will be a "wide open" country for several
months. We could endure in patience the loss in our
population which their migration westward would
' Mayor Phelan has returned from abroad feeling, he
says, exceptionally vigorous. It is sincerely to be
hoped that he feels strong enough to attempt to
remedy some' of the glaring abuses which are dis
.gracing: the administration of several of the depart
ments which he created. -. . Tv^iy--^
•The good people of Belvedere must be trying to
prove themselves the best tempered people - in the
world'or the soundest sleepers. They are protesting,
loudly against a crusade which has begun to eradicate
the cats in their neighborhood. '
The bitterness with 'which, the Japanese are war
ring, upon the Chinese suggests: the. intensity with
which a family feud is waged. The yellow' men of the
Orient appear to hate one another because of their
resemblance to each other. .¦'-.' ¦ .. *
Whatever else may be said of the little men of ithe
Mikado's realm, they certainly, have proved them
selves foes worthy of any foeman's steel. .Their only
missionary work in China appears to be done with a
sword. * ¦ .
': The convicted murderer who' wants to be sent*tp a
leper colony instead of to the State Penitentiary ought
to take into consideration that even lepers, have some
rights which society is .bound to respect. ' ' .
Money,, it is said, talks. Thisfact prbbablyfoc
curred to the lawyers who > have been blackguarding
one another in the Townsehd case." : ' *K
Refused to Pay War Tax.
Berkeley Daily Gazette.
The antis are strangely silent over the
recruits for the- Republican papers. But
their papers can make a big bowl over the
acquisition of such a man as Valentine
of Wells, Fargo &. Co., a man who Is bo
patriotic as • to refuse to pay the war
A ROAST FOR CALIFORNIA.
ONE of the oddest campaign documents for
Bryan that has appeared up to this time is a
work bearing the title, "Why a Rich Yankee
Did Not Settle in California." It purports to be
written by Addison Awes Jr. of Gloucester, Mass., a
gentleman who to his name appends the information,
"Son of a revolutionary sire." Whether there be such
a man, we know not. The book reads like a sandlot
utterance of defiance to California and a hurrah for
Bryan.
Of our social conditions the writer says: "This free
and easystyle extends into society. No gathering, how
ever select, where you will not be surprised to see
some personage present who in New England would
be considered unfit for decent society. Men who arc
libertines are there and are permitted to associate with
pure-minded maidens, whom these wretches would
ruin the moment they are in their power. The boor,
if he only has wealth, can enter the drawing-room and
be received with as much cordiality as the president
of a college. Thus the extremes meet and mingle and
the standard lowers year by year until the true aristo T
crat becomes a hermit, feeling that to mingle with such
a motley crowd is not only a waste of time, but has a
tendency to immorality and vice that offends the sen
sibilities of a true gentleman."
Of our business opportunities it is said: "It takes
more hard work, tact, economy, skill, industry and
brains to transact and develop business in the Golden-
State than elsewhere in the great marts of trade.
The competition is very severe, unjust and bitter;
the chances of success are getting smaller, and' the
cliances of defeat greater and greater. One cause, of
this is the large number of one-lunged business men
who wander to these shores in search of health. The
genial climate revives their drooping spirits and they
resolve to stay at all hazards; so they enter into busi
ness circles and reduce or destroy fair profits — for all
they care for is to live, not to accumulate."
Upon the conditions of labor the writes quotes and
indorses the statements of one whom he describes
as "a man who was for months traveling in California
and whose opportunities for close observation were
unusually good." This authority, among other
things of a'similar purport, says: "Farm' labor is at
a Jow figure. The price for the privilege of eating
indifferent fare, 'sleeping in a strawstack and pur
ting in fourteen hours a day following a mule team is
$20 per month. During the hard times of President
Cleveland wages on farms were $25 or. $30 a month.
Indications are that this winter wages will go to $15
a month."
So from subject to subject the author goes on de
picting the miseries of the poor and the villainies of
the rich in California. The bar, the bench, the Legis
lature and the merchants of the State are equally spit
ted and roasted. However we are not left to despair.
are told there is yet a chance for the redemption
of California. The writer says a "second Lincoln has
appeared." I The name of the hew comer is Bryari,"and
his election is predicted as a necessary ste"p_ioward
the relief of the people of California from the corrup
tion engendered by the domination of the Southern
Pacific Railroad. , . .
It will be seen that we are in a hard fix,- for even
were all the evil written of us true, we should still
fall from the frying pan into the fire should Bryan
triumph. Whether the book will prove an effective
campaign document may be doubted, but it .will amuse
Californians.\ Unfortunately it may have ah injurious
Why Doesn't the Examiner Answer.?
Fresno Republican. • -
The Call asks the Examiner the plain
question: "Is the Examiner in favor of
holding the •Philippines? If so, under what
governmental conditions?" The Examiner
has already answered the question many
times and unequivocally. It Is in favor of
holding the Philippines forever, as colo
nial dependencies and regards as "little
Americans" all who hold any other opin
ion. At least this is the opinion of the
Examiner if the signed editorials of its
proprietor, printed only a few months ago,
are any indication. If the signed editor
ials from the same pen, printed more re
cently, are any criterion. It is of exactly
the opposite opinion. It will be Interest
ing to see which horn of the dilemma the
Examiner takes.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOEK.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.-C. S. Long of
San Francisco Is at the Astor: W. V.
Huntingdon of San Francisco is at the
Everett; Walter McCreary of San Fran
clsco Is at the "Waldorf; Ethel Kelmer of
L03 Angeles I5 at the Waldorf. Among
the arrivals on the Kaiser Wilheim der
Grosse were Mr. and Mrs. Claus Spreckeis
of San Francisco.
THE QUESTION OF APATHY.
SENATOR HANNA in a recent address at As
/bury Park renewed the warnings which have
been, uttered time and again of the danger of
overconlidence to the Republican party. The people
appear to be so sure of the re-election of McKinley
that they feel no impulse toward entering upon an
active campaign. Thus something like apathy pre
vails in quarters where there should be alertness and
enerjry and it is evident that unless something occur
to rouse the sanguine supporters of prosperity they
may be even foolish enough to remain away from the
polls on election day and thus lose, if not the Presi
tiency. at least enough Congressional districts to give
the Bryanites control of the House of Representa-
The dullness of the campaign is not unnatural.
.The prosperity of the time js so abundant and so gen
eral and the contrast between the conditions of the
..country :to-day and those of 1896 is so strongly im
-?;presf-ed upon the public mind that there seems hardly
any possibility of the election of a calamity candidate
for the Presidency this year. Then there is the further
ff.ct that, the issues of this campaign are in the nature
of '"-wheat that has been well threshed over. The
krone? question is no i jnger ne.v. There is no further
. need of a campaign of education on the subject. The
.excellence of the gold standard has been proven by
experience and the folly of free silver fully demon
strated; To go over the arguments on the subject is
much like repeating a twice-told tale and the people
nei longer care to hear it. Thus, with a sure feeling
fifjvictory and an already established conviction con
cerning the issues at stake, there is, of course, a
natural tendency on the part of the voters to take the
suhimer as coolly as possible and leave the work of the
cajnpaign for a later date.
While that feeling i« easily understood, it is never
theless a -dangerous one. and Senator Hanna was quite
justified in devoting; a considerable portion of his ad
dr^s! to the task of lousing Republicans to the duty
of [active campaign work. The issue at stake is that
of [prosperity and good government under McKinley
oridi^astcr and administrative radicalism under Bryan.
The stakes are so important that no man ought to be
• \vi|lirjg to take any chances on them. Prosperity
.cbtnes, of course, from industry applied to fields,
forests and mines and is largely dependent upon na
tural conditions, but none the less good legislation is
required to enable men to reap the reward of their
labor: Bad legislation will min all that nature gives
and leave a country wretched in the midst of condi
tions that should have provided abundance for all.
In commenting upon this phase of the subject, Sena
tor Har.na said:
I want to point out to you an object lesson. Go back
to the midst of the prosperity and happiness that pre
vailed in 1S92. Then furnaces were blazing, spindles
were spinning, business was hurrying us back and
forth. You wanted a change and you got it. Well '
whnt was it? I need not picture how fires went out In
the furnaces, how Fpindlea failed to spin, how 'unem
ployed men went hungry, how' happiness disappeared
how bad went to worse. It was deplorable. Well you
wanted another change, and you got it. What a
change! Furnaces are glowing, spindles are singing
their song. Happiness came to us all with prosperity
Do you want another change, to get back to '23-$:''
Of course, you don't. Well, you must work to nre"
vent it. .' •-¦-% ; T-
There -Is the whole thing in a nutshell. If the in
dustri.cius and thrifty people of this country do not
v.tsh torpturn to the hard times of the second Cleve
land administration they must work to prevent it. To
that end they should at once take part in the political
activities of the time. Every citizen should register.
, AIlAvho ere young and strong enough to do campagin
.wj'rk should • enroll in a Republican club. Repub-
Ijcsr.s'.ol California should set an example to those of
- tf.eV- East. Indifference may result in defeat. Vinr
and Vigor will assure victory.
A .CHANCE TO SMILE.
A FIXED VERDICT
ne^" ? h . at ta » metropolis. Uncle Chrlsto
»h"^w m i trop ? Ii v is a town po Important
that it doesn t have to brag about its im
portance." — Puck.
OPPOSITION
nev? <hy do they call him Contrary Court
"^fi ause . he > alwa > s «s- Why. he had
a chill next door to a man who had *
sunstroKe.
PERISHABLE
"What alls Mrs. Miggs?" •
"She says she spent the whole after-
S^KKi !? a iV n * i r at ™*e a^ the family
gobbled It up In fifteen mlnutes/'-Cht
cago Record.
HEREDITY
I don t care much about the circus."
said the boy. "1 only go to give father
an excuse for going."
This terrible falsehood Illustrates the
influence of heredity."— Detroit Journal
The reports of the commercial and sav
ings banks of this city and the interior
of the State show a wonderful Increase
In gains of deposits during the past yea*".
In. fact, the reports forwarded to the State
Bank Commissioners show that all classes
are In a prosperous condition. Last week
The Call published that the footings of
the city savings banks showed a gain In
deposits of $7,186,713 71. Yesterday the re
ports of the outside savings banks were
compiled and they show a gain In de
posits of $5,037,5S5 34 during the last
twelve months. Thus the total gains of
this class of banks in the State has been
the remarkable sum of $12,224,299 05. When
it is remembered that tnese deposits were
made by the. laboring people, the well-to
do class and the farmers it is readily seen
that the country is not going to the dogs
as some of the Bryanite politicians would
have the public believe.
.The city commercial banks, where the
capitalists transact most of their business,
do not show such large returns, although
the gain in deposits in these institutions
since the last report in .August, 1899,
reached the no small figure of $1,430,163 12.
The reports of the city commercial and
country savings banks are as follows:
City Commercial Banks.
Resources— Bank premises, $1.S43.793 70; real
estate taken for debt, $2,371.3SS 33: United States
bonds, miscellaneous bonds and stocks and
county warrants. $6,179.126 06; loans on real
estate. $4,915,655 95; loans on stocks, bAids and
warrants, $12,275.306 99; loans en other aecuri
tlps (grain, etc.), $3,718,121 72: loans on personal
security and overdrafts, $19,842,403 20; money on
hand and checks and other cash items, $11,593,
130 51; due from banks and bankers. $11644
813 3S; furniture and fixtures, expenses, taxes
and other $737,777 11; total resources,
Liabilities— Capital paid in coin. $8,643,958 44;
reserve fund and profit and loss and contingent
fund. $13,783,330 3S; due depositors, $42,107,993 69
due banks and bankers. $6,210,578 48: dividends
unpaid and. other liabilities, $4,375,649 93; total
liabilities. $75,121,516 92. ¦ -'
i:i' ' County Savings , Banks.
Resources— Bank premines. JSS6.O7S 05; r*al
estate taken for debt. $2,720,149 77; United States
bonds, miscellaneous bonds and • stocks and
county warrants, $S.13S,647 48: loans on real es
tate. $23.36(!.167 86: loans on stocks, bonds and
warrants. $1,029,130 23; loans on other . securi
ties (grains, etc.), $429,885 «6; loans on personal
security and overdrafts, $1,113,667 72; money on
hand, checks and other cash items. $912,94.1. S3;
due from banks and. bankers. $4,140,891 66: furni
ture and fixtures, i expenses, taxes and ; other
assets. $305,921 05: total resources. $43,043. 453 Si.
Liabilities-Capital paid in coin. '- $3,645,705:
reserve fund, $1,439,390 30: profit, and. loss . and
contingent fund and due>. depositors, -$37,6S6.
534 94; due banks and bankers. $10,21185; divi
dends unpaid and other liabilities, $261,641 72:
total liabilities, $43,043,433 31. ¦
Gain in Deposits in the City
and Outside Business
Institutions.
Fanners and Capitalists Saving
Money in Spite of the Cry of
"Buin" by Calamity
-Howlers.
FINE SHOWING
MADE BY BANKS
OF THE STATE
.tax? Truly, he is a notable acquisition to
the Democratic party, greatest "Roman"
of them all.
Mariposa grant at Mount Bullion, is reg
istered at the Lick. -
James Crook. Charles W. Jones, S.
Bragg. C. Kyrle and Virgil P. Griffin of
the Alabama Railroad Commission are at
the Occidental. \
S INGE 4 the departure of the Shah of
Pe.-sia for Ostend the Paris papers
arni filled with qurious anecdotes
abiut him and his suite duringtheir
strfy here.
i II. is said that while constraining
himself to use a fork on state oc
casions the Shah whenever eating away
¦ from Europeans or official dignitaries pre
ferred to .employ his fingers in dealing
with the meats and salads.
;. Another story told of him is that he
¦caused hj« Persian servants to be flogged
daily for the least offense and once
>ven ordered one who had upset a candle
stick on -the table, burning the Shah's
hand slightly, to be decapitated. French
advisers ljad great trouble in making the
Eastern jJuler understand that he must
refrain from such practices.
BOUGHT TWO TONS OF CANDY.
Among the Shah's remarkable purchases
and one an expert photographer, were
sent to Teheran to await his return.
The Shah and the Grand Vizier ara
known to have bought more than 150
women's dresses of the most fashionable
and costly varieties.
SPENT Jl.600,000.
The Figaro says that the cost of the
Shah's purchases while he was here was
more than $1,600,000.
When the Shah and bis Persian colony
vacated the sumptuous mansion provided
by the French Government for visiting
royalty it was found necessary to thor
oughly clean the entire establishment.
Many priceless tapestries, carpets and
pieces of furniture were ruined.
The Shah took but one bath during: his
stay and that was scalding hot and not
for the sake of cleanliness, but to allay
rheumatic pains.
During his visit the Shah decorated 240
people, including Cheiro. the American
palmist, who predicted the attempted
shooting of the Shah four days before th<»
event.
The thing that bewildered the Shah
more than all the other wonders that he
saw was the affection of the European
husband for his one wife, even long after
age had rendered her unattractive. At
an official banquet given to the Shah by
President Loubet the Asiatic monarch
critically surveyed the low-necked mat
rons around the table, almost all middle
'agred wives of high personages, and then
remarked bluntly to General Parent, who
sat next to him: "I can't understand why
you retain your attachment for
women, and especially why you
brinir them out when they have
reached such an advanced age. In my
harem all the women are young."
The papers say that he engaged two
young and pretty women acrobats whom
he noticed at the Hipj>odrome Circus to
perform later at his palace and mat five
French girls, four of whom were dancers
was more than two tons of French can
dies, principally sugar almonds, which
he munched at the rate of a pornd a day
after his discovery of these dainties at a
confectioner's.
Spent $1,600,000 and Bought Everything in
Quantities From Salads to Automobiles.
MUNCHED A POUND A DAT OF SUGAR AL
MONDS AND THEN BOUGHT TWO TONS.
EXPRESSED GREAT SURPRISE THAT
FRENCH WOMEN* OF MIDDLE AGE SHOULD
APPEAR DECOLLETE.
Address All Communica'ions to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
I'mLICATJOJIf OFFICE.. Market »»d Tbtrd. S. r.
Telephone Pre»n 201.
CUITOMIAL DOOMS.... 21T t» 221 8«»Te»i«» St.
.. I : - ¦ Telephone Pret« 2O2.
:,. D*ltTered tir Carriers. 15 Cent- Per Week.
= : . - ': Mnclr Coplra. 5 .Cents. -i *
: \. " • ! Term* l»j Mall. Inclodinar Po«t«cei
"'¦:¦: AJX.Y CALL, (including Sunday), cne year M00
'•.. :ja!1,T CALL. Uncludlnc Punday). « months ».W
; :>AILT CALL Oncludlnr Sunday). I months LM
: [¦: AtLT CALL— By Single Month «o
.fUNDAT CALL One Tear «-*•
• "VEEKLT CALL On* Tear 1.90
; *J1 po«tcoa»t»T» are nuthorlied to receive
>. subscriptions.
.-.'- ; tucple ocples will be forwarded when requested.
.'. '¦ 4iaH subscribers In ortertn* change of address should be
particular to eVv* both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
¦ to luur* a prompt, and correct compliance with their rexjnett. /
OAKI.AXD OFFICE 11X8 Dreaairay
V; :; \ GEORGE C KROGNESS,
"• Vahager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
! '• (Locs Distance TelephOD* "Central 2619." »
! • KEK TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribuns. Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
CTaJdorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentaao. at Uoloa Squar*;
BBzxajr Bill Hotel.
CHICAGO JCEWB STANDS :
Ebenoaa Bouse: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rreoaciit Bcuee; Auditorium Hotel.
'.Washington <d. cj office Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BBABCP OFFICES-t:; Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
lentil S:SO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:33 o'clock. C33
; McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
.9:30 o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
; until 8 o'clock. 1C6 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. XW cor
jr.*r Twenty-second «"<* Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
THE "EURNING" ISSUE.
WILLIAM E. SMYTHE in his address at Los
Angeles upon the work of the California
Water and Forest Association wittily and truly
described our. forests as the' "burning" issue of the
time. They are burning right along throughout the
year. Sometimes the burning is lawful and sometimes
unlawful, sometimes it is the result of design and
sometimes of criminal carelessness, sometimes it is
mere wastefulness of material and sometimes it is de
liberate destruction done with malice.
For the purpose of undertaking a campaign of edu
cation on the subject and promoting a scientific sys
tem of forest protection the Water and Forest
A'ssociation has been organized. In speaking of it,
Mr. Smythe said:
No mystery surrounds. Its -origin or purpose. There
Is absolutely no politics in the movement. We have no
party but the Water and Foresf Association, no candi
date save irrigation, but we do insist that. to make Cali
fornia ready for the future millions and, worthy of her
high destiny is "the paramount issue" of ¦ the hour.
What we want is at lea'at 25,000 members,' drawn . f rom
all parts of the State and every walk in life. Our mem
bership committee, with Chief Justice Beatty at its
head, is pushing the enrollment, and already it- mounts
to thousands. We raised • over $10,000 . through our
finance committee, and in the autumn will 'be able to
present the results of its expenditure in thV form of
expert reports exhibiting the workings' of .oar present
laws in relation to some of the most important streams
of our State. 'y
It is, of course, gratifying to learn that so much has
been accomplished by the association and', that its
membership is already so. strong. The. protection of
forests, however, is one of the movements, of which
it may be said that nothing can be accounted done so
long as anything remains undone. The people of the
State should give a cordial support to the association
by joining its ranks, contributing to its funds and
assisting in its work. We ought to .have something
in the way of effective legislation on the subject this
winter and to. that end every one who takes an'intelli
gent interest in the prosperity, of the State- ought to
exert whatever influence he has. . .
The time is propitious' for presenting the claimsot
the association upon the people. Fires are occurring
in all parts of the State and follow one. another with
rapidity. Some of them have been so disastrous as
to convince the occupants of the districts over which
they swept that forest preservation can never be so
costly to taxpayers as forest destruction. The issue
ought to be discussed throughout the State while we
are electing members to the Legislature. ' Let us send
to Sacramento this winter a set of men who willihave
sufficient statesmanship .to understand the importance
of this problem and the right methods of dealing
with jt'^j^S: ; x$J>* '.'','¦ ...
ADMISSION DAY FUND.
ADMISSION dayis now so near at hand that
the thrill of the coming celebration can be felt
throughout the city. It is to be an occasion
memorable in our -annals and will doubtless draw to
I the city one of the largest throngs that ever gathered
here. The decoration of the city is to be profuse,
artistic and splendid. <In short the festival will be in
every respect worthy of the jubilee year of the Golden
State. ' ; ¦* ' ¦'" . ¦
'< Contributions 8 for the, celebration, fund, have been
liberal in most instances. The Market-street Railway
corporation has not given so much as it should, but
then that is the way of the hog and by this time we
are used to it. A$ a rule the response to the appeal
for a local contribution of $50,000 has been gener
ous and when all "is over it will be found that San
Francisco has done her full share in providing for
the State jubilee, j
There are, however, a considerable number of citi
zens who have not yet subscribed to the fund. Many
of them have .doubtless. overlooked the matter in the
msh of their private business.. Others perhaps have
not given the subject the consideration it merits.
These people should now act. The time is getting
short and if they- are to have a hand in the celebra
tion and give help to the work they should do so at
once. . ¦'.. '. '¦ ' ' : ' " i-;>i.
The issue appeals to the business and the bosoms
of men, for it is one of patriotism and of advertising.
It is to celebrate the greatness of the State and to
make known to capitalists and to home-seekers the
rich opportunities that wait upon industry and enter
prise in every section of the commonwealth. In a
movement of this kind all are expected to take part.
If each gives in proportion to his means none need
give much. When the celebration begins arid the
city is radiant with banners and thronged .with proud,
patriotic and happy people, those who have had
sufficient spirit to do their share in providing- for the
festival will have a fuller and a finer joyin it all than
can fall to the lot of those who have given nothing,
done nothing and been mere nullities in -the com
munity. • ¦
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
THURSDAY AUGUST 30, 1900
effect by discouraging immigration from the East.
Thus it Will., hurt, California m'ore than it will help
Bryan. . In fact the ii»dignation which such a work
will arouse in the State is; likely to react upon the
Bryanites themselves. Calamity howling is bad
enough, but wholesale vilification is worse.
BRYAN'S EXTRA SESSION.
IN his Indianapolis speech Colonel Bryan announced
his intention to get right down to business as soon
as he had taken a bite after inauguration. He
said:
If elected I shall convene Congress in extraordinary
session as soon as inaugurated and recommend an im
mediate declaration of the nation's purpose— first, to
establish a stable form of government In the Philip
pine Islands, just as we are now establishing a stable
form of government in Cuba; second, to Rive Indepen
dence to the Filipinos, just as we have promised inde
pendence to the Cubans; third, to protect the Filipinos
from outside interference while they work out their
destiny, just as we have protected the republics of
Central and South America, and are by the Monroe
doctrine pledged to protect Cuba.
Here are several propositions of interest to the
American people. In the first place it is Colonel
Bryan's admission and declaration that if he is elected
the same vote will sweep into power a Congress in
agreement with him. , Unless this is the case it would
be futile to call an extra session, for it would not obey
his recommendation and the cost of it would be
wasted. We are of opinion that the interests of the
people do not require such an extra session called
by Colonel Bryan and that the threat of it will de
tract from his vote.
After long paralysis our industries are in motion
again and there is no desire to see their momentum
checked. The long distress entailed by the panic of
1893 has not been forgotten, nor have its effects en
tirely disappeared, though happily becoming a dis
solving view. A political session of Congress will
not aid in the reparation needed by all our material
interests, seamed and scarred as they were by the
awful pinch of that recent depression.
Give us a continuance of calm and progressive com
merce and the Philippine question will reach adjust
ment without any extra session. A further examina
tion of Colonel Bryan's intentions reveals among
them the purpose to transplant the Monroe doctrine
to Asia. That is an excellent hemispherical doctrine,
but was never intended to be an all embracing spheri
cal principle. To transplant it to Asia will require
a larger army and navy than that which so alarms
Colonel Bryan and his followers. To make it opera
tive from Seoul to Aden will be a very large task, in
deed, and yet that is the task set for his country by
this candidate of a potpourri of parties.
If the political burgoo which he represents get
power, there will be no end to the agitation that will
ensue. His extra session will plunge us into con
fusion at home and his Asiatic Monroe docrinc will
keep us busy abroad.
It is not the programme of a statesman, but the pro
gramme of an inflated young man who determines all
means to be legitimate that can help on his ambition.
He says that the Monroe doctrine has for three
quarters of a century been a shield to neighboring re
publics and yet it has imposed no pecuniar}' burden
upon us. That is very true, because we stand guard
but a few days away from the theater on which it must
be enforced if challenged.
With the Philippines it is quite different. No one
in his sober mind will say that we can enforce such a
doctrine in Asia without assuming far greater burdens
than have yet fallen upon us from the Spanish war.
Nor was it ever intended by Monroe and Adams, or
any of their successors, that the Monroe doctrine
should go beyond this hemisphere. They conceived
it to be a measure for our protection, that of the other
countries in this hemisphere being secondary. The
reason for the Monroe principle does not apply in
Asia at all. nor will Colonel Bryan ever have the
chance to attempt its application there.
The people want none of him, his extra session nor
his attempted dictation in the affairs of Asia.
THE "SA'N, FRANCISCO, CAJLLV THURSDAY? ATOUST 30, 1900.
ANTICS OF THE SHAH
ENLIVENED ALL PARIS
6
TheCall's
Semi-
Centennial
Admission
Day
Edition,
Out September 2, J900.
Page Upon "Page* ???
Of Intensely
Interesting Stories
Profusely. Illustrated as only the
Sunday Call can do it.
The Greatest •?••¦. .•
Admission Day
Edition Ever Printed.
The Sunday Call Leads Them A 7 .
Dr. Biegert's Angostura Bitters, a pur« vege-
table tonic, makes health, and health makes
bright, rosy cheeks and happiness.
AX AGREEABLE COLOR
"Do you like pink teas?" asked tha
Brooklyn girl.
"I never tasted them." replied the visi-
tor from Cook County, "but I just dote on
pink lemonades."— Brooklyn Life
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by fh«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at TownsemVs •
; Cr^hpum— Vaudeville.
I Orand Ojvra-house — "The 6Uver Klr.p. "
! Tivoll — "Tannhausw."
; Alcszar— "Frou Frou."
,' Columbia— "The Only Way."
: OlymrSa. corner Ma*on and Ed<5y etreet»— Specialties.
\ Ohutee. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•verimg.
¦ F:scher'»— Vaudeville.
! Cutro Paths — Open nittoi.
i I'ain'e, Firewcxts— FolFom and Sixteenth streets, Saturday.
.6er<temb«>f 1.
:Ex'-ur|ion to M< r.terey — Sunday. Sestember Z. ,
! State f'air, Sacramento— September 3 to 15.
AUCTION SALES.
:Ocdd>j!tal Horse Exchange— Monday, September 3, at 11
eVlork, Horses, at 721 Howard street.
; J *^ ' "or other contraband goods Into prisons or
jails; providing that junk dealers and
pawnbrokers shall keen a record book,
which shall be open for the inspection of
the public and In which shall be kept a
description of the party selling the article,
which shall also be described in detail.
A law will also be framed providing that
tht; bondsmen and not the Sheriff shall be
liable on indemnity bonds and that the
limit of time during which suit may be
brought shall be ninety days.
Th«* tramp problem was discussed at
length, and it developed that many boys
are put on the road by their own parents
and thus become tramps. No remedy for
the correction of. the evil was decided
upon, but it was left to the Sheriff of each
county to do all in his power to induce
parents to curb unruly boys.
.The election of officers for the ensuing
term i exulted as follows:
President, F. T. Johnson; secretary. R.
R. Veale; executive committee— John
Lackmann (chairman), D. A. Dunlap, W.
T. Sibley, W. V. Buckner and R. J. Lang
ford. .
The meeting adjourned out of respect to
the memory of the late Sheriff H. R. Far
ley of- Monterey County and Daniel
Stalker of Alpine County, until August 15,
1901. „ ¦
mas, A. Hall; Riverside, P. M. Coburn; Sacra
mento, F. T. Johnson (president): San Bentto,
J. J. Croxon; San Bernardino, C. A. Rouse;
San Dtt-fro, Frank S. Jennings; San Francisco,
John Uckmann; San Joaquln, Walter F. Sibley;
San Luis Oblspo. E. C. Ivens; San Mateo. J.
K. Mansfield: Santa Barbara, Nat Stewart;
Santa Clara. R. J. LanRford; Santa Cruz, Mil
ton Besse; Shasta, C. H. Behrens; Sierra. A.
C. Busch; Slsklypu, Marlon Freshour; Solano,
O. H. Savage; Sonoma. Frank P. Grace: Stan
islaus, R. B. Purvis; Sutter, J. K. P. EIwoll;
Trtama, A. J. Bogard; Trinity, T. F. Bergin:
Tulare. B. D. Parker; Tuolumne. R. L. Price:
Ventura. P. Charlebois; Tolo, G. W. Grtffln;
Yuba. R. E. Bevan. . • <;¦; jiv „
It was decided to urge the passage of a
deficiency bill before the next Legislature
to pay demands on the State fund for
transporting insane patients to the asy
lums. The deficit Is now about $4000. and
a similar bill failed to carry at the last
Legislature. .
Other laws which will be drafted for
presentation at the next session of Solons
include one making the stealing of bi
cycles grand larceny: making it the duty
of prison wardens to furnish each Sheriff
with a photograph and description of all
convicts at least three months Defore their
release from prison; making it a misde
meanor, punishable by a fine of $500 and
six months' Imprisonment, to pass opium
The climatic conditions, and. indeed, all
other conditions, are so exceptionally fa
vorable at Lake Tahoe just now that the
Southern Pacific has decided to give the
pubjic the advantage of another $10 ex
cursion, so tickets will be placed on sala
at the usual place. 613 Market street, San
Francisco, for next Saturday night, Sep
tember 1. . .
Remember, this is a popular excursion
at a popular price to a popular place and
under very popular auspices. No Ios3 of
time from business, sleeping car expenses
all paid, always in.srood company, and
think -what you see. To go is quite the
popular thing. » Tho rate will never bo
lower.
At Lake Taho« — Remember Next Sat
urday's Excursion.
BEST SEASON
OF THE YEAR
BY MARGARET AINSLEE.
VII.
"When Queen Elizabeth attempted to
draw from Sir James Melville some un
favorable comment upon her Scottisn
cousin's performance upon lute and vir
ginal, he parried her thrusts by declaring
that "she played reasonably for a queen.'
Not content with so non-committal a re
ply, the subtle coquette planned one of
her delightful little lmpromtus, hoping
therewith to surprise an unwilling compli
ment from the wily Embassador. She ac
cordingly caused Melville to be conducteo
by a lord in waiting to a gallery, whose
silence was unbroken save by the expres
sionless tinkle of the virginal upon which
she" was artlessly pouring out her soul.
Instantly divining the ruse, the canny
Scot suffered himself to be Intruded Into
the royal presence, protesting that the
music he had heard was of so exquisite
a kind that it had irresistibly drawn him
thither. Compliments sufficiently stimu
lating to the Queen's Jaded Bensibilitles
were then showered, upon her, bat naught
derogatory .to Mary's accomplishments
could be wrung from the master of equi
voque. This little Incident but serves to
fix the date of the spinet or virginal, said
by many to have been named for this
queen among virgins, by others to have
been so called simply "because maids and
virgins do most commonly play on them."
Whatever the derivation of the name of
the virginal, It is sufficient to know that
the Instrument was one of the ancestors
of th« .modern piano. All stringed in-
Btriments of whatever size, shape or
name, played by means of a keyboard,
were descended from the harpsichord or
virginal, or else from the clavichord, and
they differed from each other In the
means by which" their sounds were pro
duced and the consequent distinction in
the quality of -their tone. In one class
sound was obtained by pressure and
shortening of the strings, while in the
other a similar result was achieved by
plucking the strings with quills or Jacks.
The clavichord traced its ancestry back
to the monochord, a primitive instrument
having a single spring stretched over a
soundboard, upon Which were marked the
divisions corresponding to the different
degrees of the scale, and a movable
bridge used for the measurement of vi
brating lengths. As shown In the illus
tration, the earliest monochords were
stretched by means of weights, some va
rieties mentioned by Greek theorists hav
ing as many as fou*r strings. Soon a
primitive form of keyboard, such as had
been used with antiquated organs, was
applied to the manochord. In time the
movable bridge was rer'aced by an up
right wedge atttached.to the key lever,
which, when the key- was pressed by the
finger, struck the string, set it in vibra
tion and simultaneously shortened it to
the length indicated by the key's position.
From this modified monochord there was
but a brief transition to the clavichord
(from, "clavis." a key and "chorda." a
string), which, in spite of i-s increasing
| number of keys and Mrlngs. kept the
i name of monochord as late as the six
1 2 A
tury by quills the Instrument was called
a spinet, a name of double derivation,
from SplnettI, a manufacturer of musical
instruments, and from "spina," a thorn,
or point. ......
The compass of the early keyboards
was but four and a half octaves, and In
the old German Instruments the coloring
was reversed, the raised keys being white
and the -naturals black. The harpsichord
until nearly the close of the- last century
had a place in the orchestra, where Its
increased power atoned for its monoto
nous staccato. In Germany, however. It
never gained a strong foothold. Bach/
and Beethoven claiming that tone and
expression could best be controlled in the
clavichord, which instrument lent itself
more readily than the harpsichord to
nicety of execution. In the German
household it was also claimed that de
spirti its weakness the clavichord was
"the comfort of the sufferers and the
sympathizing friend of . cheerfulness."
Mozart's technique, however, was that of
the harpsichord.
The invention in 1710 of the pianoforte,
from "piano e forte," soft and loud, by
Chrlstoforl, the Florentine harpsichord
maker, drove from the musical field both
the sensitive clavichord and its noisier
rival. Patterned after the trapeze-shaped
psaltery, whose sound was produced by
plucking the strings, the new Instrument
was played like the dulcimer, by striking
with small hammers. To the develop
ments of Sllfcermann of Dresden belong
almost as much credit as to the Inven
tion of Christoforl. Stung by the frank
censure of Bach. Silbermann labored
many years to correct the heavy action
and weakness of the upper notes which
characterized the first pianos. The new
instrument made Its way but slowly be
. cause of the novelty of its technique.
Chopin's appreciation of the Increased
tonal beauty obtained by use of the pedal,
and Beethoven's dramatic musical decla
mation, best described as "tone painting."
did much to prove the superiority of thin
Instrument for vigor, sonorousness and
sustained melody. Its capabilities for
light and shade also commended it to the
general public, but it was not until metal
bracing was successfully used in its con
struction that the piano definitely super
seded its predecessors. Metal was first
used for strengthening and then for mak
ing the entire frame, when it became pos
sible to secure the purest and most bril
liant tones by means of heavy strings un
der great tension. The finest treble string
of the modern Instrument is thicker than
the thickest bass string of the first pi
anos, whose tension was correspondingly
slight when wood offered the only resist
ance. This vast difference \s more read
ily appreciated when we realize that the
strings of the modern grand concert pi
ai.o t-xert a force of 73.000 pounds, only
the solidity of the iron frame preventing
its entire destruction.
AlthouRh the modern Instrument has
sained steadily In strength and mechan
ism, its outward proportion and decora
tion have undoubtedly fallen from grace.
The four and a half octaves for which the
finest of pa3t music has been written lent
a comeliness of proportion sadly lacking
in the modern grand piano. While the
additional modern octaves add to the
thrillnes3 of th£ treble and to the surli
ness of the bass of the concert-hall piano,
for ordinary use this gain in compass is
not commensurate with the unwleldinesa
of the Instrument. The "winj? form" of
the modern grand superseded in the reijrn
of Queen Anne the earlier rectangular
forms. During the middle of the eight
eenth century many of the rectangular
cases were sent to China, where they were
coated with lacquer. When this art was
Imitated In Europe many cases were dec
orated in the Vernis-Martin style with
pictures painted as delicately at minia
tures, part of the case being ornamented
with arabesques of gold upon a dark-col
ored ground. The construction of these
pianos, with their seven slender cabrloJ
legs, was In keeping with the sentiment of
the dainty idyls with which they were
decorated. .
Like other forms of furniture, the piano
was influenced by the reigning fashion, *o
that we find .exterior construction sue
ce-sively harmonizing with the designs of
Sheraton and Ilepplewhlte. Inlaid with
small plnquea of Wedgwood Jasperwaro
or conforming to the classic Greek or Em
pire styles. A curious piano belonging to
the Princess Charlotte was made by
Broadwood rarly In the present century.
Square In shape*, it is veneered with a
single sheet of ivory, the elephant's tuslc
having been cut in circular fashion after
it had been softened by add. Reacting
from the bad taste of the Victorian *ra,
which Is now so .extravagantly decried
manufacturers have made their cases of
rare and carefully selected woods. Alma-
Tadema designed cases In the Byzantine
style, while Burne-Jones revived the old
fashioned trestle support formerly used
for harpsichords, and had the happy ln-
Epiration of painting a rain of roses right
across the sounding-board.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
HISTORIC STUDIES IN HOmE FURNISHING.
THE EVOLUTION OF THE PIANO.
ITALIAN VIRGINAL., SIX
TEENTH CENTURY.
(South Kensington Museum.)
"Alameda. Oscar L. Rogers; Alpine. Daniel
Stalker: Airador. U. S. Gregory; Butte, S. H.
Wilson; Calaveras, B. K. Thorn; Colusa, J. H.
Sherer; Contra Costa. R. R. Veale (secretary);
Del Norte. Georgo H. Crawford; El Dorado,
A. S. Bosqult: Fresno, J. D. Collins: Glenn. H.
C. Stanton; Humboldt. Thomas M. Brown; In
yo, A. M. Given; Kern, H. I* Borgwardt Jr.;
Kincs. W. V. Buckner; Lake, J. P- Moore;
Lassrn. T. W. Wilson; Los Angles* William
A. Hammel: Madera. W. B. Thurman; Marln,
W. P. Taylor; Marlposa. Robert A. Prouty,
Mendoclno, J. H. Smith; Merced. C. A. H.
Worfleld; Modoc, E. D. Hager; Mono. E. E.
Klrkwood: Monterey, M. H. Keefe: Napa. D.
A. Dunlap: Nevada. D. B. Getchell; Orange,
Theodore Lacy; Placer, Charles Ktena; Plu-
THE Sheriffs' Association held Its an
nual meeting In Sheriff Lackmann's
office yesterday afternoon. The ob
. Ject of the association is for the pur
pose of discussing to;>lcs of Interest to the
members and also to secure the passage
of legislation which will aid them In re
ducing the criminal element of the State.
The meeting was called to order by Presi
dent P. T. Johnson, Sheriff of Sacra
mento, and Sheriff R. R. Veale of Contra
Costa County was secretary.- 1^ The roll
call of the following named Sheriffs of
various counties showed a majority pres
ent: ....'¦:
SOME MEMBERS OF THE SHERIFFS' ASSOCIATION OF CALIFORNIA.
Kenneally Held to Answer.
Thomas -KenneaUy * was 'held to' answer
before . the Superior Court by Judge Fritz
yesterday on a charge of assault to, mur
der in $2000 bonds. July* 1 during . a row
in a saloon at C00 Dupont street Kenneally
shot 'Harry Ostrander, the saloon-keeper.
In the arm. * r -
Wanted to Kill Himself.
, Oscar Shirley, who arrived ; In ; this city
a few. days ago from Antloch." walked up
to .Policeman Coughran Tuesday night
and said he wanted to kill \hlmself. He
had a revolver in his pocket and Cough
ran arrested him "on a charge of carrying
a concealed weapon." ¦;¦'¦ He appeared before
Judge Fritz i yesterday,' and as he seemed
to be suffering from an overindulgence In
liquor the Judge continued the case " till
Saturday : to • give him time to steady his
nerves. \ ; • , .
placed diagonally was introduced and so
arranged that it was possible to give the
upper 'tones shorter and thinner strings
'ana longer and heavier ones to the lower
tones." Naturally the thinnest strings re
quired the greatest length.- For example,
were the bass strings of modern pianos
of the same thickness as the treble
strings they would have to be vastly
lengthened In proportion. John Sebastian
Bach\always tuned his own instruments,
testing his syaUm in that famous collec
tion of fugues and preludes in all keys
known as "the well-tempered clavichord."
Despite the. agreeable sensitiveness of
the clavichord— that "solitary, melan
choly, unspeakably sweet Instrument"—
there was a feeble tremulousness about
it which led to a desire for an instru
ment whose strings could be excited to
stronger vibrations. . To meet this de
mand a keyboard was added to, the an
cient psaltery, and from this combination
was evolved the harpsichord, the most
important of ail the Keyed predecessors
of the piano. In this Instrument the keys
were set In vibration by hard points of
shell or ivory • which when forced up
ward by the depressed keys plucked or
twitched at the springs." 'After the Ivory
points were replaced in the fifteenth cen-
Prepare for the Celebration.
American- and bear flags, bunting, col
ored crepe papers in /td, white,, blue and
yellow, shields and 'other decorations of
every description for sale by Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
The Toyo Kisen KaJsha's steamer Hong
kong Maru got away * for the Orient
yesterday. She was scheduled to pall at
1 p. m., but it was nearly three hours later
before she got away. Uncle Sam wanted
to send written Instructions to his repre
sentatives in China and the steamer was
held until these letters arrived from
Washington.
The Chinese have been tampering with
telegrams 'sent from Washington to the
Consuls In 'Shanghai, Tientsin and Hong
kong. In consequence explicit directions
and a new cable code has been sent to all
the representatives of the United States
In China. On the arrival of the Hongkong
Maru at Hongk'ong a United States'gun
boat will be in wailing and the ciphers
and dispatches will be carried to the va
rious coast ports. Three weeks from now*
Undo Sam will be getting authentic news
from the seat of war. The Hongkong
Maru sailed at 3:20 p. in.
. Among those who went away on the
Japanese mail boat were Mr. v and Mrs. A.
It. Macondray. The young couple were
married Tuesday night,' and *efter a short
tour in Japan and China will settle down
to housekeeping in Manila.
Bishop Moore of the M. E. church was
also a passenger. A great many. Chris
tlon workers Were down to .see him away,
but the unavoidable delay In the sailing
of the steamer somewhat dampened : the
enthusiasm. A number of hymns, among
them "God Be With You Till We Meet
Again," were sung.' -:.--¦•¦. . '
Count Mutsu, the Japanese Consul, was
also a passenger. - He goes home on a
vacation "* and has ; considerable matter of
Interest on the Japanese question to com
municate to ' the Government at Toklo.
Weird Story of Abduction.
A Chinese" woman, 30 years old, came
down , from 1 Isleton yesterday qji the
steamer Pride of the River. In that Chin
ese camp she is considered a , beauty and
when she- expressed, a desire. to come to
San 1 Francisco a guard was sent with her.
When the steamer reached San Francisco
a hack was waiting for the woman and
her escort and both were hurried to China
town.. From that fact grew a weird story
of an abduction. ;, ~ 1; . _. .
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
Th© l commission adopted the plans for
Delayed Two Hours in Order That
Hail Advices for the Consuls
Should Beach Their Des
tination Quickly.
Hongkong Mam Acting as
a United. States Dis
patch Boat.
In the case of Joseph Seldl against the
Mechanics' Institute, on* which the plain
tiff demanded $5000 for breach of contract
in the matter of soda water and cider
concessions at the last Mechanics' fair, a
jury in Judge Daingerfleld's court found
a verdict last , evening In favor of the
plaintiff in the sum of $521 5v.
Mechanics' Institute Loses.
teenth century. It was probably in refer
ence to this Instrument that the following
letter was written by the poet Bembo to
his daughter:
Touching thy desire to learn to play upon the.
monochord. I answer, since because of thy
tender years thou canst not know of thyself,
that Dlaylnc Is suited only for vain and friv
olous women: but I desire thee to be the purest
and most lovable maiden in the world. More
over thou wouldst have but little pleasure or
renown If thou playedst badly, and to play
well it would be necessary for thee to «pend
ten or twelve years in practice, without be
ine able to think on anything else. Consider
for thyself Jf that would be proper for thee.
If now thy friends and companions desire thee
to learn to play In order to give them pleas
ure, say. to them that thou wishest not to make
thyself ridiculous before them, and content
thyself with learning and handiwork.
In the early clavichords, which always
kept the rectangular box shape Inherited
from the monochord, the strings were of
the same length— an arrangement not
without Its advantages, since it was thus
easier to keep the strings tuned in uni
son. As the compass of the instruments
increased this uniformity was found to be
impracticable, and a long wooden bridge
MONOCHORD.
(From the "Theorlca Musico"
(1490) of Franchlnus Gafurius.
TRANSPORT COMES IN
WITH DEAD AND DYING
Long List of Cabin, Steerage and
Hospital Passengers and Pris
oners on the Thomas.
The United States army * transport
Thomas arrived from the Orient last night
and anchored in the stream. She was Im
mediately placed In quarantine and the
phvelclans will board her this morning.
The transport has been out twenty-nine
days from Manila and sixteen from Yoko
hama. She brings fifty-one cabin pas
sengers and 137 steerage. There are also
261 sick and wounded on board. Seven
deaths have occurred since the vessel
started across the Pacific. Thirty-one
prisoners are also on the lists and five
stowaways.
the lengthening- of Steuart-street wharf
yesterday. As told exclusively in The Call
three weeks ago the Government has been
given the use of the wharf and In order to
meet requirements it Is to be lengthened
300 feet. Chief Engineer Holmeg' plans
provide for an extension that will give
570 feet frontage on one side and 840 feet
on the other. This will give Uncle Sam
all the room. he wants.
There is trouble in store over a couple
of saloons that the proprietors assert are
on city property. These "gin shops" the
army authorities will not tolerate and in
consequence they must go. The owners
say they will carry, the matter Into court,
but the army authorities declare they will
take possession nevertheless.
The Harbor Commissioners yesterday
decided to advertise for bids for old jum
ber discarded on the front. Informal bids
were asked for and when all were in Com
missioner Herold said the highest bidder
was too low. For every thousand feet of
lumber discarded by the commission M.
J. Hodge offered $2 55, H. Davitt $2 25
and D. Burke SO cents. Chief Engineer
Holmes was satisfied with the bid of
Hodpe. When he went Into office the price
paid for old lumber was ?1 50. then he had
it raised by competition to 12. and, there
fore, $2 55 'he considered a fair rate. . Mc-
Donald of the City Street Improvement
Company said he had never received no
tice of the "call for bids." and on his
showing the board decided to advertise
the matter for ten days.
The chief .wharflnsor was ordered to
keep the bay from channel to Long wharf
in a parallel line clear on Admission day.
Water Front Notes.
The sieKe puns that, were originally In
tended for China were again on the front
yesterday. They were to have gone to
Taku on the Belgian King, but are now
destined for Bsnicia. At the latter place
they will always be in readiness for ship
ment to the Orient.
11. J. Towhlg made. a disturbance In a
Mission-street car yesterday." It took
Officer Charles Callahan and Starter Bray
of the Market-street system to get him
to the Harbor police station. He was
charged with disturbing the peace."
Captain von Helms will not. ko . out as
master of the Curacao on her next trip.
He will take a well-earned vacation, and
Captain Parsons of the State of Califor
nia will take his place.
A successful voyage was made by the
Httic schooner Prosper, fifty tons burden
which left this city on May 29. bound for
Nome. She had to return owing to bad
weather, but started again on June 20.
She arrived at Nome ¦with all well on Au
gust 14. •
THE SAN FRANQISeO GALL, THURSDAY^ AUGUST ; 30, 19Q0.
Wall Urge Miuch Legislation Intended to .Redmce the
Crimiiraall Elemeirat — Officers Elected.
CALIFORNIA SHERIFFS GATHER
AT THEIR ANNUAL CONVENTION
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
Established over a third of a century: has m
national reputation, and was one of tin few
schools selected to represent the development
of commercial education at the Parts Exposi-
tion, over 17.000 graduates successfully apply-
in? their knowledge: 200 Kraduatea annually
placed In positions; 25 teachers: open ta* entire
year; new SO-page catalogue free.
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
HEALU'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
ADVEETISEMENTS,
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separata Rooms. Gymnasium. Wllt&ry DnO.
Eto.
CHRISTMAP TEKM BEGINS AUOtJST HTH.
REV. C. niTCHCOCK. PrlnclpaL
TRINITY SCHOOL.tIaS.
It Is desired to correct an erroneous Impres-
sion that Trinity School has been dlscontlnusd.
It will open as usual MONDAY. August f.
Only boys of good moral character ar* takan.
* a. 9. MEAD. 2203 Central a~e.
HAMLIN SCHOOL nnd
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
ISO Jackson st.. San Francisco. Boardlns; ana
Day School for Girls. Accredited to the Unhrer-
sltr of California. Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity Va«*ar and Smith Coileires. Reopens Au-
gust «. ttOO. SARAH P. HAMLIN. Principal.
POLYTECHNIC g^HSg 1
Has th* largest and best equipped department*
in the West. Regular business and •north*n<l
coarse. Students may enter at any tlra«. All
graduates in responstbla positions. Frt« cat*.
lcfue. Oakland. Cal
-
D2. HALL'S KElNYiGORATOR^^^
Five Jmmlrfvl reward for any K^jJtwSB
case we cannct cure. This secret Rn" ¦*•!
tetnt&y etops all lcs*rs In 21 hourt, K __l
cures Emissions. Impoteney. Varl- B7a p&t J
cocele Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits. - fTjTn Rill
Itrictures I^cst Manhood and all uyj U'M
ficeeses. 6ert tealed. K bottle; 3 GBB-CbS^
bottles. J5: euarantetd to cur« any. case. Ad-
dresi HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
IlVoadway. Oakland. Cal- Also for *ale at 107J*
Martcet st.. B. K. .All prtvatt diseases quickly
cured. Bend tor £re« book. r '
(£7?r\ ¦'¦ '¦'¦ -:'-'•¦¦". Auc. M. 1&00.
P"*S»a -Z, 0 .'\hom H May Concern:
':¦ IrxY i™ " to certify thst I have
PJ** m i-,V." V* ! '*" !l "£ for wveral ycam
Ifc* ? J2J* fr ''" disordered etoiuoch.
S«?< \ 1 1 Wdneya. In axHltlon,
. wm& ,H'3*-s- %sssssl
fi/A.i '&$• X: *? ! :" rt oculifts !:; this
.. <!f tKe etornaoh. ar.d I fe^i Lw ¦« a' anv
Cme during the past ton yraT*.
¦JOP. E WATIflVB
; frT^U S. F.. Cal.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
SUTRq BflTHS.
Catfclri tociuS & CHILDREN, 5c.
Cf ""-'-^S a^jHsinn. p children 20c.
tTONG F»O ChiY.
E»cccs»cr to Dr. LAI PO TA!
rraduate of Canton Medical
Colk-se.»after a very succe**-
ful practice of many years In
China, has located In Son
Francteco. The surprlslnir and
marvelous cures effected by
his herbs demonstrate tbelr
pater.ee and his skill. -Then*
herbs cure over iW different
diseases, including Brtghl s
Disease, Diabetes. Consump-
tion. Asthma. Paralysis.
riraln Nerve. Cancers. Tumors. Clood. Male
an3 KemaJe Maladiew. All perrons afflicted
K : lfi anv kind of mnlady whatsoever are In-
vited fo call. Office, 727 Washington Bt. Offl-fl
hour»-» •• m. to 32 m.. 1 to » p. in. :- Sundays.
?0 a m. tn 12 in. Accept errateful thanks
r rr?cilng » c" re of. asthma of several years
Itand ni. A. PARLEY. San Rafael.
FISCHEK'S to K. c ERT house.
"* Adm*iioi IO;.
Hartley M4 JW V «.e W. Qulrm. MaU'l Still.
•£,"''*? iT - T' K(l -'"-a Ford*-. Little V>rna Kel-
ton. John ItetaiO*, *, t 4 Xew Movinj Plctart*!
l.<-gcr-.fi r . :ic . Matinee, Sunday.
GRAND HOTEL
rt?, TpffTt&Wl OPEKS NEXT
f^^*.rt8 SEPTEMBER 1st.
?dmM FOLSOM and
Qdh&hR 16TH STREETS.
Pain's SIOBO Rreworksi
NIGHTX#T FOU TWO V»'EEKS.
EXriii '¦;.:.<; SLNJjAY NIGTIT. SKl'T. 1
BEATS KO!'. 1«\<>\
PH.ICES— 25c. 50c. ~c and SI. CO
Oin-Iren. Flrv Four Nights Or.ly. 15c and 23c.
n-x ar^. Crtri Ptand Seats Now on Sate at
Ehmsar.. Clay & Co.'e.
It !» universally acknowledged that these
hotels posjws the attribute* that appeal
to particular r«>Pl«— undoubted luxury arvl
comfort, unsurpassed cul«in« and servlc*
*trrf luufriir i>i>t>olntments and location.
Contiectid by a covered passaceway ana
rperate'1 undT one management on tnt
American ar.d European plass.
PALACE HOTEL
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Mf-IN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH..*. SEATTLE. WASH.
No More Bread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND TILLED AB-
eOLtTELT WITHOUT PX1S. by our «a<»'
eclentlfle method applied to th* tum». No
r!eep-producln«: agent* -cr cocaine.' ¦ . •
These are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco navlnic PATENTED APPLIANCES
sr.d Ingredients to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns ar.d porcelain crowns undf-tectnble from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years,
WITHOUT THF. LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth S5; a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crcTrs. IS. Gold filllnes. Jl. Silver 1H\-
Inps. 50c. AH -CT-nrk <l3ne by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, ani
each department In charge of a specialist. Glvs
us a call, and you will fled us to do exactly
a» we advertise. We will tell you In advanr'*
exactly what your work will ccst by a FREE
EXA MINATION. "- --V- V;
FAREWELL WEEK OF THE SEASON
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
35, HENRY MILLER
Ni'JH'lS Kni a SPECIAL COMPANY.
MATO'EE in the Romantic Drama. THC
™ iT ONLY WAY.
.Adapted by Freeruan Wi!'.s From Charles Dick-
ens' Novel.
"A TALK OF TWO CITTES."
Farewell Performance Saturday Nijftt.
Next Monday— CLAY CLEMENT and L. !
R. STOCKWELL. CO. !n "A GREAT OB-
STACLn." adapted from "No Tboroujtbfare."
Boats— {1. Toe. 59c, 35c, ISc— Now Ready.
CCRTAIN RISES at 8 p. m. Sharp.
TO-NIGHT. SCNDAT NIGHT. SATURDAY
MATINEE.
"TANNHAUSER."
i
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY BVENIKGS.
SlHE MASKED BALL"
"UiBabin^chera."
—
Si XT WEEK— "CARMEN*— "ERNANI"
POPOjAH PRICES. S and M cent*.
• ¦ Tel- phone Bush 9.
»^_>^^-i t^-^^N^-«^^N -^-V^^^>^* 1 ' \fta^ EsT KT HJkT
ROBERTS -_ —^— -v--^-— v- — — j-
PEAiTiFUL J& '.fc-CC^ L- T
PORTRAYAL Jj * J-^QXJ
:¦ v
Kfcjrt \Teefc, Berinnin* With Lah->r Day
Matins M'tndar. S*pt. *— DOROTHY
IT^KR AND HOWARD HALL <n
"TiiE MASQUERAUERS."
¦ ¦ - i
¦ * ** _
OLYMFIA c E o D «°^^o»
THE ONLY FP.ee: VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
>V» 3
EIGHTH SERIES OF
PSOFESSOH CCNRADl'S
LIV.NG STATUARY!
Tfce Serration of the City.
KALACRATUS.
America's Mnrt Eminent Novelty Juggler.
fi BASCO and RICE,
Always Great Favorites.
AND r>T"7t rn.EBP.ATKI) STOCK COMPANT.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE. *
CHUTES/nd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
SEABURY, High Diver.
SFECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE A/WATEURS
In Their Latest Novelty,
**FUN ON_A FARM."
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
Del Monte
SUNDAY 0
SEPTEMBER L
Round fel ¦ fe
Tickets l | | /
UNDER THE PERSONAL SUPERVISION OF
WM. H. MENTO.V, EXCURSION PAS-
SENGER AGENT SOUTHERN
PACIFIC COMPANT.
5 HOURS
AT THIS DELIGHTFUL RENDEZVOUS.
BATH HOUSE ON BAY SHORE-
SWIMMING IN THE SURF.
AMPLE TIME TO TAKE THE CELE-
BRATED EIGHTEEN-MILE DRIVE.
Train leaves San Francisco. Third and
Toncscr.d st. depot. 8 a. m. Returning, leaves
Pacific Grove, 4:45 p. rn.
Residents of Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley
should take the 6 a. m. local for Pan Francisco.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TICKETS
WOl b» r'aeed on fa!e at Ota— Market st.— CIS
(Grand Hotel ticket office). August 29, 30. 31.
ar.d September 1. and at Third an<l Townsend
and Valencia street depots on morning of the
excursion.
Monterey j
Pacific Grove
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
1UTTXEE RATrnDXI .UCD L.AJJOU DAT.
ONLY THIS WEEK. ¦
"THESILPKIW
Next treek. last of "Wilton Lackayc Ey gen-
¦/•. : ¦ . eral request.
"CHILDREN OF THE GHETTO"
and "TRILBY."
PRICES-lOc. 15c tt* 50a.
A tfw front rowe in orchrrtra. 75c
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
8I0IC KEADAGHE
Srnatt Pill. Small Dose.
i Sma!f Ps-ice*.'
&*0Mttvel7 cared by tlieae
JLdttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dytpepeta,
(?digestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per- <
feet *exn*dy fcr Dizziness, Nausea, Draws!, j
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth. Co?ted Tongut
?ain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Rnjulate the Bowels. . Purely Vegetable. ;
XeBAND HALLT OF VAUDEVILLE'S
BTBOXCEST FORCES.
YOSCARY~TROUPE,
LavEnder and Thomson, The Wins,
v NEWSKY TROUPE,
LEW HAWKINS CAROLINK HULL. ARXIM
AND WTAGKEn. MACAKTS GREAT
;. : ANIMAL PHOW. B1OGRAPH.
Tlwcrvtvl si Kts. 25c: balcony. 10c; opera chairs
OH 9 l>ox teats. T,Cc
. ilatineos Wednesday. Saturday and Fun-Jay.
HLCUL MilINtin.ONl)AY. Sept. 5.
LABOR DAY.
umwA RICH YANKEE DID NOT
|f If I SETTLE IN CALIFORNIA,
120; pages' octavo, cloth, Illustrated, price tl 50.
Sent " to any. address, postage free, on receipt
of prloe. ; Inquire at Leading • Bookstores, or
address CUBERT * COMPANY, Publishers. * "
¦;'.- . • . 657 MlMion St., 8an FtanciBco» Cal. '
I A CHARMING FACE !
•• And dainty skin ar: mine after a ••
M week of raw b;ach winds and **
II months In the wcoJs; thanks to ''.
fCreme ;:
J • tLmmdl H 22> • ¦ , JL
•*• - Sunburn and tan are out of the ques- J.
• • tlon If It be ucod and all Imperfections . .
•i • of the skin soon disappear. Popular for . J.
.-. half a century. It stands all tests. ... J.
•j* Of druggists an* general dealers, 50 » •
J. cents. Sample Bent for 10c. . ..
X E. B.HARRINGTON 4 CO, Los Angela* "
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.^MARTEKS '
n£j rtAIcS
RUPTURE CURED.
TVher we eay "rupture cured" 'we mean II.
for It I* a fact that during the pan M years
DR. PIERCE S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUbS
hn» CUr. ED thousands cf cases. Nothing elss
like It. Beat retainer made. It does » hi work.
Investigate, for yourself. C^Call for B°f""
let No. l," or eend 2 centi in stampr Ad-
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
«-«> MarU»t St.. San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. New. York City.
s **aivsma*9* /^TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NEW TQRK. Aug. 29.— FLOUR— Receipts.
19,175 barrels; exports, 12,320 barrels; sales, 10,200
packages. The market was ] more active and
firmer with wheat. Minnesota patents, |4@4 30.
WHEAT — Receipts, 11,100 bushels; . exports,
31,973 bushels; sales, 3,210,000 bushels futures
and 240,000 bushels export; spot, firm. No. 2
red. 82%c f. a b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79%c ele
vator; No. 1 Northern Duluth. E5Hc f . o. b.
afloat; No. 1 bard Duluth. 87T4c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened firm and continued so all day
on strong cables, rains In the Northwest, gen
eral local covering and export demand. Pros
pects for a smaller Southwest movement . also
Inspired bullishness. Closed firm at %@lc net
advance. May, 83?4®S4%c, closed 8494c; Sep
tember, 79 9-16®80Hc, closed 80%c; October
80H<580%c, closed 80%c; December, 81 t / 4@82?4c
closed 82%c. ' "->*.-',
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE-Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice, S%c
mild, quiet: Cordova, 9%@14c. Futures closed
steady at rfet unchanged prices to 10 points ad
vance. Total sales, 17,750 bags, including-
September, |7 35; -November, J7 60@7 65; Decem
ber, $7 60®7 6T>; January, J7 70. • ¦
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 4\ic; centri
fugal. 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar. • 4c ; refined
flrm.^
BUTTER— Receipts, 8334 packages; . at eadv
factory, 14tl7c. '
EGGS— Receipts, 8017 packages; firm. West
ern regular packing, at mark, 9@15>ic- West
ern, loss off, 16817c. -
DRIED FRUITS.
Trading was rather slugrtsh for evaporated
apples and quiet. Prices remain as last quoted
EVAPORATED APPLES— State, common 3
<95c; prime, 494@5Uc; choice. 5^i@6c; fancy, '6%
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS— Dull and
unchanged.
PRUNES— 3%iJ?7c per pound, as to eize and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. llfffMc; Moorpark' '¦ 15iS17c"
PEACHES-Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled. _6@3c.
New York . Metal Market.
,. NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— The . feature in metal
circles to-day :. was the, low record ' made >' in
spelter 'for this lyear at London, that "' article
New York Grain and Produce
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In th« left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th>»
¦econd time column glvea the second tld« of
the day, the third time column the third tida
and the last or right hand column jrlves th<»
last tide of the day. except whea there are but
threw tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes tha height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference In the mean of the lower low waters.
Business was considerably better on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange. The
sugar stocks were strong. Honokaa advancing
to J31. Makaweli to *44 25 and Hutchinson to
$24 25. :
In the afternoon the sugar stocks continued
firm, without much change.
The oil stocks were dull all day.
The dividend of the Honokaa Sugar Company
has been reduced to 30c per share, commencing
September 1, WOO. *
Dividends payable— West Lake Oil. lc. Sep
tember 1. Pacific Coast Borax Company, regu
lar monthly, Jl per share. August 29.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
¦WEDNESDAY. Aug. 2»— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
V Bid. Ask Bid Ask
4s quar coup.. 115 IIS 4s do cp new.,134 1S5
4s do reg 115.116 3s do coup 109 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-et Cab 5s.ll6V5 — Oak W mtd 5s — 103
C C Water 5s.lO7 107H Oceanic 8 Co.. 107 107W
Ed L & P 6s. .127% - OmCRy 6s 123 -
F & Cl Ky 6S.115 — P & Cl Ry « S .1O4 —
S ea T y I St R , 5e - — " P&ORR 6S.115 —
H C ,& o o'as. — — . Powell-st It 6s! 120 —
Do 5s — 104 Sac El G&R5s. 99% —
LA Ry 6-..1M _ S P t. SJV 5s.ll9 -
L A Lt Co 6s. — — S R of Cal Cs.111%111%
- Do gntd 6=.. — — S P of A 8s. ..111^1121*
L A gntd 5s... 100 102Vi S P C 6a (1905)
•L A P-R R 6s. — 1C1 (Series A) ..110*4 —
¦Market-st 6s..l27'il3i> Do (Series B)lll -
Do 1st M is 119 120 3 P C 6s <1906).112% —
N C N O R 7s — — Do (1912) ...120 122H
Is R of Cal 63.113 — S p R j st gntd — —
Do j* • »SH - S P Br 6a 132ft -
N P C R R 6s.i'.l - 3 V Water 88.115 -
6s 106% — Do 4s .102% —
N Cal Ry :>s.. - ;il^ Do 3<1 mt«..-102 —
Oak G L & H.iH — Stocktn Gu 6s OTH —
Oak Tran 6a. .117'4113
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 68Vi 6S% Spring Valley. 95% 85*i
Marin County. 51^4 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G & L Co — — Pac L Co 42*4 44
Cent L & P Co 4 5 Sac El G&RCo 27^ —
Kqult G L Co. 3Vi 3% S F G & E 53H 53'i
Mutual El Co. 10 11 San Francisco. 5 SVi
O G L & H.:.. OM 49>; Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Pac Gas Imp.. 51 5t'/i
, INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 227 — ¦
' BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 6S»4 — Lon P & A....:134% —
Bank of Cal... — — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cal S D & T..W3. — Nev Nat Bk... — —
First National. 275 — ¦» -¦
. , SAVINGS BANKS. ;
Oer S & L..1S50 1323 ,Sav & L So.... 74 75
Hum S & L.. — — !Sec Sav Bk..-.— —
Mut Sav,-Bk..'45 - lUnlon T Co.... -^ — *¦
S F Sav U 507 — J :;}'}
Sun rises 5:37
Sun sets 6:43
Moon sets 9:08 p. m.
THURSDAY. AUGUST 30.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hlgb. and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Eay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
th* city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
Au-ust 28. 1900.
Tho Lime ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the Oth meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. V. S. X.. In charge.
New York Stock Market.
NE"W YORK. Aug. 23.— There was a stirring
of speculative Interest to-day which gave an
appearanoe of greater animation to the stock
market than It has shewn for two weeks past.
The strength centered In the steel group for
the greater part of the day, but in the later
dealings it extended throughout the list. The
list of active stocks was not a long one, but
such as were dealt In show quite uniform gains
extending to near a point or over that m many
cases. The gains were well held and profll
taking made only slight inroads, the close b*:
tng firm though quiet at about the top. Al- ;
though the number of issues dealt In was not
large the trading was not nearly so much coft
centrated In a few stocks as for some time
pant. In the steel group the gains ranged from
a point to 2 and 2\i. the latter figures in
National Steel and Steel and Wire. There was
no exception In the group to the upward ten
dency, which was due to the reports of the
growing demand for Iron and iron products
of pretty much all grades. The progress of
negotiations for the settlement of. wage sched
ules which are going on was probably re
flected also in the movement. Generally speak
ing the demand for stocks Is partly ascribablu
to the requirements of the short Interest which
was made uneasy by the check to the decline
effected yesterday. Their disquiet was in
creased by several Incidents of the day. Prices
received an opening Impetus to an advance on
the better tone of the London market, which
was encouraged by the reported successes of
General Roberti egainst the Boers. Actual
buying for London account was on a small
scale. The homeward course from summer va
cations In Europe of a number of influential
men In Wall street movements was a senti
mental influence for the advance, the room
traders who still absorb practically, all the
dealings seeking to anticipate. the coming oper
ations which they suppose these men will em
bark upon. The conditions in the money mar
ket remain unchanged.
Dealings In 'bonds continued dull and the
market irregular. Total sales, par value, II,
075.CO0.
United States 4s advanced In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares • . . Closing
Sold. Stock—' Bid.
3,085 Atchison .....27%
12.250 Atchison prefd 70H
1.C35 Baltimore & Ohio 72
Canadian Pacific 88%
....... Canada Southern w*
E00 Chesapeake & Ohio 27
Chicago Great "Western 1034
4.735 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 125>4
600 Chlcaeo Ind & Louisville 23%
500 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 57H
Chicagos& Eastern Illinois »<j»i
6?0 Chicago & Northwestern 163
1.010 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 106%
3W C C C & St Louis 58V4
Colorado Southern 6
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
Delaware & Hudson lll»i
100 Oelaware Lackawanna & Western.. 176
100 Denver & Rio Grande 19.
., Denver & Rio .Grande prefd 66%
Erie : 10=4
1,350 Erie 1st prefd ,\ 34y 4
100 Graat Northern prefd .\ 152
. Hocking Coal 14<4
100 Hocking Valley 34^
Illinois Central .....:...... U6^
100 Iowa Central is%
100 . Iowa Central prefd 44
200 Lake Krie & Western 27
Lake Erie & Western prefd 93
Lake Bhore 209
600 Louisville & Nashville 71 >£
. 700 Manhattan Elevated 9U*
650 Metropolitan Street Railway 1531.;
SCO Mexican li£
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 5514
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd S3
1,650 Missouri Pacifio b\%
Mobile & Ohio S6V4
:. Missouri Kansas & Texas i -9%
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 30ls
650 New Jersey Central ;...134%i
135 New York Central m%
625 Norfolk & Western 31
Norfolk & Western prefd 76V4
2.S50 Northern Pacific 50%
850 Northern Pacific prefd , 71
1,800 Ontario & Western '.... ZW*
Oregon Railway & Nav. :........ 42'
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd........ 76
1.455 Pennsylvania - 128<^
Reading 15%
1,000 Reading 1st prefd 5714
....... Reading 2d prefd' ¦... 27%
Rio Grande Western 54
Rio Grande Western prefd t&te
St Louis & San Fran .* 9^
St Louis &,f-an Fran 1st prefd.... 67
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd...... 3314
112 St Louis Southwestern 13U
1,200 St L*wis Southwestern prefd.... 3o£
S.S1O St Paul 113"
St Paul prefd 1721;
...... . St Paul & Omaha. ................. ....112
1.825 Southern Pacific ZZV.
Southern Railway .-... nvf
lf)O Southern Railway prefd ..; 5»u,
100 Texas & Pacific n£
11.U0 -. Union - Pacific ...... ;..;..;..-.. .;.;.... 597
42$ Union Pacific prefd u%,
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Grapes— Tokays, $1 35-g>
170 single crates. Pears— Bartletts, $1 30@2 40
box. Peaches— Salway*. 35Q'45c box.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Pears—Bart
letts. $1 C0@2 15 box and SOc@*l 20 half box;
Beaurre Hardys, 65c half box. Plums— Kelsey.
Jl 1031 35 single crate. Prunes— Hungarian,
70c© tl 15 single crate. Peaches— Salways, 90c
©¦$1 10 box; Orange Clings, 70ffS5c. Grapes—
Tokays, $2(32 05 elngle crates. Six cars fruit
sold to-day.
CHICAGO Aug. 29. — Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, *1 65
«2 30 box and $1 05®l 25 half box: Howell, $1 80
box. Kelsey. BOQSOc single crates; Yellow Egg,
75*fiS5c. Grapes— Tokays. $1 83@2 single crate.
Prunes — Gros. 70c@$l single crate; Fellenberg.
60ft75c; Germans. 85@90c. -
Earl Fruit. Company sales: Pears— Beaurrj
Hardy $1 30@l 60 boxes. , Prunes— Gros. tl®l «
single crates: Germans, 40c@Jl: - Italians, 700
SCc; Kellenberc. 65©9Cc: Silver. 75@85c-i Twelve
cars fruit sold to-day. ¦•^¦t"*.-
LONDON, Aug. 29.— Earl Fruit Company sales
California fruit: Pears— Beaurre Hardy, aver
age $1 05 two-fifths boxes: d'Comice.B Average
%Z 40 two-fifths boxes; Duchess," average 7sc
two-fifths boxes; Louise Bonde,* average, t $1 56
two-fifths boxes; Beaurre Clalrgeau, -average
74c two-fifths boxes. Plums— Grand
SI 04 single crates: Yellow Egg.'«tl 65: Kelsey
Japane. $2 3S; Magnum Bonum. U 84.- Prunes-
Giant ?1 04 single crates: Gros, Jl 56; .Silver,
$2 16; Ponds Seedling, $1 91.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Aug. 29.— The American Wool Re
porter will say to-morrow: The demand for
wool has been quiet the past week and the
market has on the whole favored the buyer.
Some of the manufacturers to whom Govern
ment contracts have been awarded have been
In and purchased some fair sized lines of
wool but the general inquiry has not been
n.t all active. On some lines of Territories
buyers can negotiate on slightly softer terms
than they could a couple of weeks ago. The
demand, such as it is. has run to medium and
low wools notably scoured wools. Territories,
Texas' and a- three-eighth blood ! fleece. Manu
facturers are doing their purchasing In ac
cordance with the size of their orders received,
as the latter have been moderate, and they are
not buying wool freely.
The sales of the week In Boston amounted
to 3,074,000 pounds domestic and 225,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of- 3,290,000, against
a total of 3,620,000 for the previous week and
a total of 3.955.000 for the corresponding week
last year. ¦ The sales since January 1 . amount
to 90, 00G. pounds, against, 184,728 pounds for the
corresponding time last year. >
The receipts since January 1 have been 275,
690 bales domestic and 113.109 bales foreign,
against 458,823 bales domestic and 106.573 bales
foreign for the corresponding period-last year
Among the sales of the last week were 100,000
pounds spring Texas wool at 20c, equivalent to
a clean cost of about 65c; 125.000 pounds Cali
fornia at 18c, equivalent to B2c ! dean; K0.000
pounds No. 3 valley Oregon at 19c; 400.000
pounds Montana at a clean cost of 50c; 100.000
pounds Australian at a clean cost ranging from
78©90c clean. . :
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Aug. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts, 18.
600, including 5000 Westerns • and 1000 Texans;
natives, steady to strong ; Westerns, - firm ; | na
tives, good to prime steers, JS 50©6 10; poor to
medium. $4 6005 45; selected feeder", firm, $4®
4 75; mixed stockers, steady, $3 25^3 90; cows.,
S2 80@4 60; heifers, $3®5: canners, - $2 10®2 70;
bulls, $2 60*?4 B0; calves, J5@7 25;. Texas fed
steers, J4 20@5; grassers, $3 25@4 20; bulls, $2 &*)
68 40. > v
HOGS — Receipts, 27.000:. to-morrow, 23,000. es
timated; left over, . 9000; closed 5c -lower; top.
J5 45; mixed and butchers, $4 90©5 40: good to
choice heavy, J5®5 35; rough heavy, $4 80@5 05;
light. $5 05@5 45; bulk of sales, $5 10(^3 30.
BHEEEV-ReceiptH. 28.000: sheep' and lambs,
eteady; choice, shade- higher: good to choice
¦wethers,' S3 65@4 35; fair to choice mixed, $3 60$j>
3 75; Western sheep, $3 40@3 80; Texas sheep,
{2 50@3 50; native lajnbs, $4@5 75; Western
lambs, $4 754f5 75. >¦"-.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND,' Or., Aug. 29.— Clearings, J258,
227; balances. S63.S3& , ¦'
Northern j Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLA-Np.f Aug. : 29.— The "wheat market Is
firmer { and \ some .. good-sized , sales have j been
made within the past forty-eight hours. Walla-
Walla Is selling: to-day- at 57c ' A 10.000 bushel
lot of blue; stem sold to-day, at 60c. .--Valley is
in better demand on account of the short crop,
and sales were made - to-day • at , 5Sc. .
- /'^WASHINGTON, v
TACOMA, S Aug." : 29.— WHEAT-^Quiet. un-
California Fruit Sales,
LIVERPOOL..
Wheat- ' Sept. Dec.
Opening 61* 6 2H
Closing 6% 6 2\
PARIS.
Wheat- Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 20 Ou 2115
Closing 19 95 2110
Flour —
Opening 25 60 27 45
Closing 25 60 27 35
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels «.000 23.000
Wheat, bushels S32.000 210,000
Corn, bushels 368,000 173.003
Oats, bushels 1,060.000 45S.OTO
Rye, bushels * 10.000 1.000
Barley, bushels 40,000 '0.0OO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. lS%@21Hc; dairies.
14fJ18c. Cheese, steady. lO%@U',ic. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 13V4@14c.
Foreign Futures.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 71®74^c; No. 2
red, 75%@76 T i,c: No. 2 corn, 41^(f?41Hc; No. 2
yellow,' 41%@41%c: No. 2 oats. 22«::Vic; No. 2
white 24->;©25c; No. 3 white, 23'8'24»ic; good
feeding barley, 37<g3Sc; fair to choice malting,
42@46c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 40; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 41; prime timothy seed, J4 15@4 25; mess
pork, per barrel, $10 93<S11: lard, per 100 pounds,
$6 67%'Sj6 70; short-rib sides (loose), $6 90!ff7 25:
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $6 62HS6 75; short
clear sides (boxed). %1 45<g7 55; clover, contract
grade. $9 75@10. -
Charters.
The Alt*lr"<at San Diego) loads whea* from
Portland to Europe. 42s 6d. prior to arrival;
the C. F. Sargrent. coal from Tacoma to Hono
lulu; the Clan Mackenzie tat British Columbia),
salmon frcm Frascr River to Liverpool. S6s 3d,
prior to arrival; the Luzon, lumber from Grays
iiarbor to Honolulu; the O. M. Kellogg, mer
chandise for Tahiti; the Robert Liewers, lum
ber irom Port Ludlow to Honolulu, prior to
arrival: the Stra.th.don. wheat for Europe, 40s,
reohartered: the Skagit, lumber from Port
' ,:¦¦'.:- to Honolulu.
Treasure Shipment.
The ncr.gkcng Xlaru took out & treasure list
of $;,C2.292, consisting of $455,907 In Mexican
dollars, flil* in gold coin, $970 in gold dust and
S-J4.WU in silver bullion.
Exports of Wine.
Exports of Wine by sea from this port dur
ing the first seven months of the year were
E.2C3.7C0 gallons and 4764 cases, valued at $SS9.
¦4o2, against Jl.S4l.220 gallons and 4707 cases at
$<£2,62i during the same time In 1S93.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advjees from New York say
"Currants were exceedingly strong, the mar
ket moving up to Sc and being held very firmly
l"-t that figure. Buyers were willing to pay
t T *c. and tome ealee were reported at 8 15-16c
*ind Sc. 50 barrels being reported as having
charged hands at the last quotation.
"California raisins are showing much great
er strength as the result of the 6teadIIy ad
vancing market on currants, and demand is
very jrood. Stocks, however, are pretty well
cleaned up. Imported Sultanas continue very
itrong. and speculation in them keeps up at a
Rood rate. Contij^rable business was reported
as consummated yesterday, but no particulars
were obtainable.
•Trade in nuts is fairly good, filberts, wal
nuts. Brazils and pecans being In some de-
XE&nd."
"Apricots ere very firm, but buying is not
particularly active, wants largely having been
Slled. peaches are firmly held also, and some
husiness is reported in new pealed California
poods. The trade is anxiously awaiting prices
on new California rnines. which are expected
t<i be named any rtay now. New Oregon
Italians are selling fairly well, but 4P-5Os are
very scarce, and SO-CQi have been advanced He
l'v some holders on the coast. Future apples
are quiet and unchanged, the market being
tirm at 4%c.
Nezv York Money Market.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says
"The last four years have witnessed a re
markable expansion in the American outlook
politically. Industrially and financially. We
have been forced into world politics. as never
before, owing to -our widening Interests; we
have witnessed a most extraordinary develop
ment in our foreign trade, chiefly because we
are now abie to manutacture for the world's
markets:; and, finally, we find ourselves lenders
of money to nations in all parts of the world
as a natural 6equence. Ten years ago the man
who had the courage to predict such things
would have been «conEi<Jered a fit candidate for
the lunatic asylum; to-day they are aceom
pllshfd realities and indisputable testimony of
& vigorous and continous national growth.
"The money market will l*ar watching. At
present rates ere very eaEy. but the surplus
reserve is down to $20,000,000 compared with
S15.'XjO.(X»0 this time last year. There Is an
abundar.ee of mon' — In the country and the
treasury ie not likely to be th^ disturbing ele
ment that was feared a few nfonths ago. The
Interior banks are also well . supplied with
funds; but as crop and trade_ requirements
afwrt themselves during the next four months
thes« xvJU b«. depleted, and the demand will
then fall upon New York banks. Just now
bond redemptions and Government disburse
ments contribute to general ease. Gold exports
have ceased for the present, and there is no
anxiety jcmcernliig their resumption. Europe
has had distinct relief through American ship
ments, and now that the Transvaal war ie
drawing to a close and the prospects of war
in China are vfry remote there Is decidedly less
apprehension In European financial centers
This is fortunate for the New York market,
as any increase in the tension over there would
certainly have led to a more rapid return of
our securities, which, if coupled with close
money here later on. would have effectually
rherked any bull movement. Other conditions
continue favorable. The corn crop will be large
and is almost out of danger The wheat har
vest is progressing: railrr.ad earnings are satis
factory, and general trade shows a reviving
trr.dency bow that prices are coming down to
a more normal basis. There is no reason for
taking any but a hopeful attitude regarding
the future. The stock market, however, has
th<» appearance of FasBir.K to lower prices,
•which 1* the best thing that can happen to take
It out of the present stagnant rut andtthereby
create activity, which is now sadly lacking "
Large Cargo for the Orient.
The Japanese llnw Hongkong Maru sailed
yesterday fcr China ami Japan, with a gen
eral cargo, valued at *1S8.<S6, manifested as
follows: For China, J55.421; Japan $92 797 •
Manila.- $11,904: East Indies. S45SS: Si am , $'l635 :
Korea, J1763: Vladivostok. JC6S. The principal
thipraents were as follow*:
For China— 17.J69 gals bottled beer. 8800 lba
tread, 4S tks beans, 29 era bicycles and sun
dries, 147D cs canned goods, 8 cs chocolate 103
cs cheese. 15 es codSsh. Cg cs drugs. 149 pkgs
dried fish. CT70 bbls flour. 6£9 bxs fruit, 357 pkgs
Ki-oceriee an<3 provisions. 7« pkgs hardware. 16
.bxs lemons, 100 bxs pearl barley, 20 kegs sauer
kraut. 404 bxs soap, 172 bbls dried shrimps 194
bdls shocks. 30 cs dried vegetables. 636 gals
•wine. 120 ce whieky. 10 cs rum. 4 ca 'typewriters
Japan- 13 cr* bicycle*. 500 bbl» beef. 4376 cs
canned goods. 10.21* lbs coffee, 2W cs bottled
beer. S bbls flour, 209 pkgg groceries and pro
visions, 1M1 bales hay. 37 bdin hose, 60 cs hard
ware, 4T3 pkgs iron, 5 cs Jewelry, 697 cs liq
uors, 59 rolls leather. 22 e» lye. 62 pkgs machin
ery. 26,550 lbs malt. Vr/I kegs nails, 4S0 bbls oil
S5 bbls cak extract. 10 bdls oars, 5 cs photo
exxJs. S cs paste, 29 pkgs rubber goods, 100 cs
Foap. ,14 rkgs steel. 6 "cb ealmon. 29S6 lbs to
hacco. 214, C74 lb* tanbark. 3S7 bdls fence wire
16 es SrtX gals wine, 434 bdls wire shorts 112 1
POO lbs riff lead. ' '
For Manila— 3 cr» bicycles, 171 bdls pipe 8
rafes. 12 pkgs machinery. 235 en wine. 2000 'cm
rwtatoes, C e« photo g-oods. 22 c« patent medi
cine, £10 cs whisky, 10 cs typewriters, 7 es rine
For East Indies— €86 cs canned goods, 3C€1 lbs
hops. 65 c* salmon, 11 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. E cs lamps. 22 cs wine, 3 cs electrical
supplies, 3 era bicycle*.
For Slam — 12 cs books SO c« canned goods,
€ cs miscellaneous merchandise.
For Korea— $ rkg» groceries and provisions, 6
c» canned poods, E7 bdls «teel rails, 16 bdls
et«*el. 13 c* miscellaneous merchandise.
¦ For Vladivostok— 360 lbs quicksilver, 25 ca
canned cood?, 150 cs fruit.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The Meamer City of Puebla nailed ywterdar
for Victoria, with a general cargo, valued as
follow*** For Cincinnati. $2240; Victoria, J21.015;
total value, S24.25S, Including the following:
• For Victoria— 34 en arms and ammunition. 42
e ks beans. 260 bales bar». W tons chop feed, 1225
ce canned goods, 9 cs cheese, 28 pkgi Chinese
provisions. 191 pkgs dried fruit, 11 cs drugs, 20
cs evaporated fruit, 1431 bxs fruit, 31 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 16 cyls gas, 6 cs glass
ware, 67 cs hardware, 36 pkgs household goods.
22 bdls Iron, 2S bxs lemons, 5 rolls leather, 20
cs liquors, 11 cs metal polish, 67.350 lbs malt.
80 cs meals, 10S pkgs machinery. 11 bbls oil. 253
cs paste, 6 bdls pipe, 3 cs paint, IS bags shot,
3S pkgs steel. 1S8 bales salt. 12 pkgs sugar, 112,
249 lbs nitrate of soda. 501 gals wine, 301 cs
whisky. 21.2C6 feet lumber.
For Cincinnati— 108 bbls pickled cherries.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 29-« p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 64 Red Bluff S2
Mount Tamalpais... 6t Sacramento S3
Independence 90 San Lujs Obispo 72
Freeno S% San Diego 68
Los Angeles 74
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
65; minimum, £2; mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen over the Rocky Moun
tain region. Over Utah and Southern Idaho a
depression of moderate depth exlets.
Conditions are favorable for cloudy, unset
tled weather over the greater portion of the
Pacific slope. t
The temperature has fallen slowly west of
the Rocky Mountains. In the San Joaquin
Valley cooler weather prevails, the temperature
in the raisin-drying section being 17 degrees
below the normal.
Light rain is reported in Eastern Oregon and
Southern Idaho. Cloudy weather prevails along
the coast of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 30, 1900:
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Thursday; continued cool weather in
the interior: fresh westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; contin
ued cool weather; fresh northwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday.
Utah — Cloudy. cooler Thursday; probably
showers in northern portion.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thursday;
fresh westerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 74^ 75>,4 "4Vs 75^8
September 74^ 75% 74>i 75V»
October 75% 76 -75 76
Corn No. 2— • ¦ • '
August ...: 40% 41<4 401,4. 41V4
September 40 41 39% 41
OctoBer 39% 39% 3S% 39%
' Oats No. 2—
August 21% 21% 21H 21%
September 21% 21% 2!% -W*
October 22H 22>i 22 22>i
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September ... 10 97^ 10 97V4 10 90 10 90
October ....- 1105 11 O7V4 10 97Vi 1100
January, 1100 1105 10 97»i 1100
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September ...6 70 6 70 ,6 63 6 63
October ....6 75 6 75 6 70 6 70
January 6 55 6 55 6 52Vi 6 52V4
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 7 00 7 05 '7 00 7 021,4
October 6 97^ L00 6 97 ft 7 CO
January 5 S5 5 87t4 . 5 S6 5 85
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — J4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SSH
Sterling Cables — . 4 $oi;
New York Exchange, sight....... — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07lj
Fine Silver, per ounce — gjij^
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4'j
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — New York and Liverpool were
higher. Paris was lower. A better Inquiry
was reported from London at firm prices.
Chicago was firm, with limited offerings, a
fair local and a big export demand, which,
however, was curtailed by scarce tonnage. All
markets . reported a good demand for spot at
a premium over futures, with decreasing re
ceipts. Southwest exporters were good buyers
and the impression was that the market had
really turned at last. There were liberal for
eign acceptances of about 500,000 bushels at
Chicago. The foreigners were buyers of fu
tures. Broomhall estimated the British crop
at 54,000,000 bushels, with Import requirements
of 190,000,000. It was raining again In the Red
River Valley, and where headed the Wheat was
rotting in the shocks and piles and much of
It would be worthless for milling. Closing
cables were %c higher for Wheat and %c higher
for Corn.
In this market futures advanced, but spot
prices were unchanged,
©l^o' Wheat ~ shlppln S- * x OS: Milling, $1 07%
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
4C0O ctls. $1 UVi; 12,000, $1 n^ : 2 4 i0 00. $1 ll«j,.
hecond Session— December— 6000 ctls $1 11%.
Regular Morning Session— Deeember-8000 ctls
$1 11%; 16,000. $1 11%; 20CO, $1 11%; 28,000 $1 11U-
May— SOCO, $1 16',4. . ¦ >¦•,•>,
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls
\\ "H; <000, $1 11%; May-4000. $1 16; 6000,
BARLEY— The market continues dull, with
lower prices, especially for Feed.
Feed, 72'^c for No. 1 and 65@70c for off grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@S2Vjc; Cheva
lier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— December— 20OO.ctls, 76%c.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 76}ic.
OATS— Private wires from Chicago yesterday
reported big investment buying and a good
cash demand. It is thought that the Govern
ment is, buying there. The local market con
tinues dull, but firmly held.
White— $1 15^1 35; Surprise,- $1 35^1 40; Red,
$1 10@l 23; Gray. $1 12%@1 20; Black, for feed,
$1 10(31 15; for seed. $1 15@1 22Vi per ctl.
CORN— The market continues "firmly held. All
descriptions are quoted at $1 25@1 30, without
distinction,. ¦
RYE-S7Hi590c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLO UR— California Family Extras, $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3 40®3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75<g3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15U3 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
$4 7ni§'5 "5 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are bls fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per l«0 lb?; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. ?2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50: Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 50® 3 75; Buckwheat Flour. »4t*4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oat3 (barrels), $6
4j7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas. J5; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There is no change in Hay. supplies being
heavy, but choice grades are firm. Rolled Bar
ley Is weak. In sympathy with the raw prod
uct. Corn products are strong.
1IRAK— $124?12 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— Slt>gn9 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $lfi@17 50 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; jobbing,
$27 50@2S; Cocoanut Cuke. $2CX521; Corn Meal.
S2f, 50: Cracked Corn. J27: Mixed Feed. $13 '06314.
HAY 4 Volunteer, J4 5007; Wheat. tM'iJ12:
Wheat and Oat, $) 50frll 50; Oat. JSglO; Clover,
$4@6; Alfalfa. $Cg7 30; Barley, $6 SC@S 50 per
ten.
STRAW— 30i3T37MiC .per bale.
Beans and Seeds.*
White Beans are wholly cleaned up and are
therefore no longer quotable. Otherwise there
Is nothing new.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 50S2 75; Small White,
nominal: Large White, nominal; Pink. $2 23®
2 75; Red, $3 25<S3 50: Blackeye. $3 50; Lima.
$3 15(go 25; Pea, $3 50®3 70; ReJ Kidneys, $3 25©
3iO.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. $232 20; Canary. 3Hc per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa.
nominal; Rape, 2H@3c; Hemp. 4@4Vic; Tim
othy. 4@4^c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, nominal; Green, $2 25©
2 50 per ctl: Blackeye, $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The canners cleaned up Tomatoes pretty well
yesterday and prices accordingly improved
somewhat. All other Vegetables remained
about the same.
Potatoes are weaker.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c: New Early
Rose, 25Q30c; Burbanks, 30@60c for Rivers and
70i395c per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 75cg$l for
River and $1 50 for Merced.
¦ ONIONS — Yellow, 50@65c per ctl: Pickle
Onions. 60®75c.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 50c@$l per sack,
75c®$l per crate fcr Berkeley and $l<yi 50 for
Alameda; Green Peas, 2M.@3c per lb; String
Beans. lV.©3c; LImas. 3tt3Vfjc: Cabbage. 40@iCc;
Tomatoes, River, 20^350 ; Bay, 30@s0c: Egg
Plant, 60@75c per box; Green Okra. SS'g'oOc;
Green Peppers, 35@50c per box for Chill and 40
CTCOc for Bell; Dried Peppers, SfHOc: Carrots, 25
Cii'"m>c per sackK Summer Squash. 25®5Oc for Ala
meda: Cucumbers. 20<9'25c tor Alameda: Plokles.
$1<S1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50@75c for No. 2;
Garlic, ,2Vi<g3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $15@
2U per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Another car arrived from the East.
Receipts of local stocks are too liberal for tho
demand, and the market is weak and dull. ,
The season for mountain Quail opens Satur
day, but that for valley Quail does not open
ui*tll October 1.
FOUL/TRY— Ll^e Turkeys. 9®llc for Gob
blers and ll@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 25
01 60; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $3^4 for old
and $3<3>4 for young: Hens, $3 50@4 50; Young
Roosters. : $4@5; Old Roosters. $3 SOQ-i:
Fryers. $3 50; Broilers. $3 for large and »2@
2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen
for old and $1 50@l 73 for Squabs. , . .
GAME— Doves, 60®CSc per dozen; Cottontail.
Rabbits $1 oOf, Brush Rabbits. 70cS$l; Hare,
$1 25. : \ .- - -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Prices stand about the same. Some dealers
are disposed to quote lower on Butter and
Cheese and higher on Eggs, but the majority
are selling at the old quotations. All descrip
tions are apparently In sufficient supply, and
there is certainly , moro than enough Butter
here, especially as buyers are' running largely
on oacked goods.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery. 23Vi®24c; extra
marks higher; seconds. 22^©23c. ¦
Dairy— Fancy. 21%Q22Hc; good to choice, 20®
21c; common, 13(ftl8c. . >
Creamery tub— 20@22Uc per lb.
¦ Pickled roll— 19Q20C.
'".Firkin— 18(g:l9c. ¦
CHEESE— New, 9c; fancy, 10c; old 8@SHc;
Young America, • 10@10Hc; Eastern. 13H®i4c;
Western, 10@12c per lb.
¦ EGGS — Quoted at 17@S0c for store and 23926c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@19c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
¦Watermelons are In larger supply and weak.
They are coming in from; a number of points;
Santa Rosa. Fresno, _ Lodl and Winters. . The
Santa Rosa melons are reported • first class
This is a new shipping, point for« these goods
CantalouDen and ; Nutmegs are also weak
Bartlett Pears continue ¦ very firm, and the
season ; Is - waning. Peaches are also firm
Graces ' are about as before. Figs are dull '
• D EcT^U P S^R 9 u!Tsi° lnK S ° m ? What be - 4r "
- ft A I > . PL . ES ~ 25 ' 9 , 5Oc per " box for common and
oOcf $1 for good to choice; Crabapples; 40c per
small i box end 60c : per large box. ¦ " ., . -
PEARS— Bartletts. 60c®$l In boxes and $15®
Another advance in Sugar.
Turpentine and Linseed Oil marked down.
Shipment of $522,292 to China.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat higher and Barley lozver.
Heavy buying of Oats at Chicago. This market dull.
Corn continues firm and Rye dull.
White Beans cleaned up and no longer quotable.
Tomatoes cleaning up under a canning demand.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry in large supply, dull and weak.
Season for Mountain Qudil opens Saturday.
Watermelons coming in freely. All Melons weak.
Bartlctt Pears very Urm and going out.
Dried Fruits quiet and steady.
Proi'isions inactive at previous quotations.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before.
Xo further change in Meats.
Increased exports of Wine this year.
4- : : ¦ *
CHICAGO. Aug. 29.— Strength and activity
characterized the wheat market nearly tha
whole i-fssion. The excellent cash business was
the 'broad foundation stone on which the
strength was founded. Cash sales here were
700.COO bushels and the seaboard reported
eighty-nine loads taken for export. Export
clearings for two days were SW.000 bushels.
Broomhall estimated an Import requirement frr
the United Kingdom of 190,000,000 bushels, and
the English crop probabilities were made 12.
000,000 bushels less than la*t year, making tne
crop the smallest since 1S95. Liverpool closed
Hd higher. September opened at 74'ic to 74%c.
a range of price due to the Instantaneous con
sideration of foreign bullishness and lucal re
ceipts. The foreigners soon got the best of
it and under a general demand shorts iwere
clamorous, the market advanced to 75^i@'75Uc.
Having started upward there was scarcely any
reaction and the close was strong, September
lie higher at 76@75HC
Corn was active and strong. Liverpool was
up me to l%c and the seaboard reported
ninety-five loads taken for export. There wiu
a further decrease in stocks. September close J
l&c up at 41c.
Oats were firm, but quiet. September closed
a shade higher at 21%@25»ic.
Provisions were quiet and fairly steady. The
ease and grace with which the market absorbed
liberal offerings of lard from commission houses
was the feature in the pit. ' September pork
closed 5c lower, lard 2»^©5c down and ribs
2%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as followsj
Wabash 7%
200 Wabash urefd 1S%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 1 8%
Wheelirg & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23V4
Wisconsin Central 13Vi
Third Avenue 109ft
Express Com:>anies—
Adams ....124
American 154 ,
i United States 45
Wells -Fargo 125
Miscellaneous — • ¦ •
210 American Cotton Oil... 22%
American Cotton Oil prefd S8'/4
100 American -Malting 4»/S
American Malting prefd 23'i
1,150 American Smelting & Refining 36%
200 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 88>i
1 American Spirits 114
American Spirits prefd 17
2.S50 American Steel Hoop 20
American Steel Hoop prefd 66%
13.335 American Steel & Wire 36%
1.430 American Steel & Wire prefd 75
2.345 American Tin Plate 2S*i
150 American Tin Plate prefd 79Vi
2,920 American Tobacco" 93%
American Tobacco prefd...:; 12S
2W Anaconda Mining Co ....: 44
10.I60 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 65>4
SCO Colorado Fuel & Iron 35»fe
1,010 Continental Tobacco 26
«20 Continental Tobacco prefd 77%
2.220 Federal Steel ;. 4T»
700 Federal Steel prefd 67
100 General Electric 138
100 Glucose Sugar 51%
Glucose Sugar prefd 98%
International Paper 22
International Paper prefd 66
Laclede Gas i 73 -
600 National Biscuit 31%
National Dlscult prefd... S3
National Lead 17%
National Lead prefd.. 89
400 National Steel 26%
1,010 National Steel prefd 84%
New York Air Brake 129
300 North American .". 15
100 Pacific Coast 55>4
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 85
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64»j
Pacific Mail 30*i
2,3'j3 People's Gas 96>,i .
100 Pressed Steel Car 37>4
Pressed Stpol Car prefd 70%
Pullman Palace Car 1S7^
Standard Rope & Twine ' 5%
22,575 Sugar 120^
Sugar prefd 116
1,750 Tennessee Coal &. Iron 70 7 »
530 United States Leather 10%
United States Leather prefd 6$H
590 United States Rubber 29%
United States Rubber prefd 94
Western Union 7974
1,445 Republic Iron & Steel 12%
700 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 54
P C C & St Louis 64
143,300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref. when M K & T 4a 92^
issued, reg 103% N Y Cent lsts 10SH
U S 2s ref. when N J Cent gen 6s....l22H
ir.jued. coup 103% N r Pacific 3s 65Vi
U S as reg 109 N Pacific 4s 104
U S 3s coup 109 N' Y. C & S L, 4s. .1065;
U S new 4s reg 1S4 N & W con 4s 97?»
U S new 4s coud..134 Or Nav lsts 109
U S old 4s reg 115 Or Nav 4s 102
U S old 4s coup... 115 Or Short Line 6s...l26V»
U S 5s reg 112H Or S Line con 5s..ll2><j
U S 5s coup 112Vi Reading Gen 4s.... 87%
Dis of Col 3.C5S....122 R G W lsts 98%
Atchison cen 4s. ..101 S L & I M con 6s.lll»£
Atchison adj 4s 85%iS L & S F gen 6s.l21Vj
Canada So 2ds lOSVi St Paul cons 168^
Ches & Ohio 4^s...lOOVi ! S P C & P lets.. ..118
Ches & Ohio 5s USJiftfP C & P 5s 119
C & NW con 7s. ..140 (So Pacific 4b 78U
C & NWSFdeb 5b. 120 ISou Railway &b....1i>S%
Chicago Term 4s.. 92 Stand R & T 6s... 67
Colo Southern 4s.. 82 iTex & Pac lsts. ...111%
O k R G lsts 102U|Tex & Pac 2ds 55
D i R G 4s 97%! Union Pacific 4s...lO5H
Erie General 4s.... 63 IWabash lets 117^.
F W & D C lsts... 72H Wabash 2ds 101
General Elec 5s.. ..115 West Shore 4s 111%
Iowa Cent lsts 112>i Wls Cent lsts....... SS%
L & N Unl 4s 99 Va Centuries %\ 3
M K & T 2<js C6Vi
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ontario 6 50
Crown Point 10, Ophir 45
Con Cal & Va 135IPlymouth 10
Deadwood 40 (Quicksilver 1 B0
Gould & Curry 12 Do prefd 6 60
Hale & Xorcross.. 15,Slf>rra Nevada 33
Homestake 50 001 Standard 3 00
Iron Silver 54 Union Con 11
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket .... 18
" BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .Rubber 29%
Call loans 2®3 lUnlon Pacific BS'i
¦Time loans 3&4!&|West End 9.1Vi
Stocks— Westingh El 46$£ i
A T & St Fe 27% Bonds-
Do prefd 10% Atchison 4s 99
Amer Sugar 120 N* E Gas & Coke 5s 6t
Do prefd 116 Mining Shares —
Bell Tel 143 Adventure 2'£
Boston L 148 Allouez Mln Co.... 1
Boston & Maine.. 1S8 Amal Copper 87%
Chi Bur & Q 125H Boston & Mont 315
Dominion Coal ... 41^4 Butte & Boston ... 62
Do prefd 110 Calumet & Hecla..753
Federal Steel 34% Centennial ; 16H
Do prefd 68% Franklin 13%
Fitchburg prefd -.139 Humboldt 25
Gen Electric 137% Osceola 67
Do prefd 139 Parrot 41%
Ed Elec 111 2054 Quincy 140
Mexican Cent .... HVi Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
Mich Tel 85 Tamarack 210
N E Gas & Coke.. 13^4 Utah Mln 30*4
Old Colony 203 WInona 3
:>ld Dominion...... 17% ' Wolverines 4D#
London Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The African news improved the tone of the
markets here, but failed to increase the vol
ume,, of business In Americans or In any
other department. The Investment demand for
consols is reviving.
The bank bought £28,000 gold in bars and
received £50,000 from Australia.
There is a reawakening here of speculation
in silver. :
CLOSING
LONDON, Aug. 29.— Atchison, 28%; Canadian
Pacific, 9m; Union Pacific preferred, 77%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 72%; Grand Trunk,
6%: 'Anaconda, 9; bar silver, strong, 28 7-16d
per ounce: money, 2% per cent.
Nav York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— Money on call eaay.
lH^lH per 'cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4^
4V4 per cent. Sterling exchange firmer, with
actual business In bankers' bills at $4 87^*3;
4 87H for demand and $4 84, for sixty days;
posted rates. $4 85©4 88V4: commercial bills,
$4 B2@4 82>4. Bar silver, 61%c. Silver certifi
cates, 61%(g62^c. Mexican dollars, 4S%c Gov
ernment bonds, strong; State bonds, - inactive;
railroad bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 29.— To-day" ¦ statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Avallabla
cash balance, $137,047,316; gold, $85,853,084.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
POWx)t.R STOCKS.
STREET RAILROAD STOCK&
California 12.1 — iO S L. & H — 45
Geary-et oV — Presidio — Sfi
Market-st 6M4 65 I
California .... — 162^ Vigorlt SH 3»4
Giant Con Co. S4Vi SC I
. SITGAR STOCKS.
liana S P Co. 7*i S Kllauea SP Co 21 S3
Haw C & S Co — 89 i.Makawell S Co«»t';
Honokaa S Co. 30' i 31 Onomea S Co. 2S ~,i*
Hutch S P Co. 2»' 2 23 Paauhau S Co. 30'^ 3.^
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn:i8*;iWi Pac A F A.... 2 -
Cal Fruit As*n — — Pac C Uor Co. CO _
Mer Ex Awn. :»7 iftO 'Par Paint Co. 12Vi —
Oceanic S Co.. S3£ 94^,
Morning Session.
Board—
30 Alaska Packers' Association n- w
2j Giant Powder Con S4 -f»
10 Giant Powder Con si jj
23 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar i' fi»
200 Honokaa Sugar Co 3u (,ft
100 Honokaa Sugar Co. b 2 ' 311 101
150 Hutchlnsoc S P Co «| ->~ t
15 Kllauea Sugar P Cr> ' }\ (0
J3CC0 I>os Angeles Railway 5s 108 fto
$3000 Los Angeles Railway Zs 1BJ r-^l
10 Makaweli Sugar Co 4t c\i
270 Makaweli Sugar Co +•, •>-,
100 Paauhau S P Co 31 •>-,
J50(i0 Sacramento Elec.Gas & Ry 5s 9n 73
JKOO S F & S J V Bonds m -o
$20,000 S P Branch Railway 63 1*» ?"'i
fzroo S P Branch Railway 63 132 75
21S Spring Valley Water so *. '
10 Spring Valley Water, cash 95 12^
Afternoon' Session.
Board — '
10 Giant Powder Con J4 23
400 Honokaa Sugar Co 30 50
275 Hutchinson S P Co 24 50
I2NY> Los Angeles Raitway 5s 108 12*i
200 Onomea Sugar Co 23 0<>
50 Paauhau S P Co 30 62H
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 75
20 Spring Valley Water 95 2j
50 Vlgorlt 3 25
Street— ¦ -•
$1<V!O Contra Cnsta Water Bonds 1P7 00
330 Honokaa Sugar Co 30 30
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board-
V>n Home Oil 4 49
10fO California-Standard SO
9fO Independence 2^
C Km River 17 50
13 Oil City Petroleum 13 W
2C0 Sterling O & D Co 1 2»
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Home Oil ? «
Street—
20 Kern River ....13 00
The fallowing were the sales in tne San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchar.sre Board yesterday:
Mornlnc Session.
EOrt Alpha Con .... 0.V 1RO Hale & Norc... 18
200 Best * Belcher 13 tOOft Kentuck 0t
300 Br«t & Belcher 14 !"« Occidental ' 1^
100 Challenge IS 1M Overman C&
1P0 Con Cal & Va..l 25 50rt Se* Belcher.... M
2'M Crown Point... 12 300 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Afternoon Session.
S^ Best & Belcher K 2.-.0 Ophir V)
lio Caledonia 37 l^o overman W
200 Caledonia 3S 2<10 Savage 10
410 Challenx* 1'J 3T0 Piiver Hill 3*
lifl Con Cal & Va..l 2o I'^O Silver Hill »T
1(V> Gould & Curry ICi 3^0 Union Con W
3>X> (Jould & Curry 17; 200 Yellow Jacket.. 21
l'JO Gould & Curry U :00 Yellow Jacket.. U
The follow'.nc were the sales in th« Pacific
Stock Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlns Beaton.
SfV> Alpha Con ?a| 200 Ophir ML
500 Andes 07 500 Overman ' *A
60O Caledonia 41 1 5W Savage "p
3f0 Caledonia 40 4M Sierra Nevada. i>
700 Chollar 1»- 1C0 Stiver Hill SS
500 Con Cal & V.I 22^1 ion Standard 4 r>
3<rt Gould & Curry 16 20"> Yellow Jacket.. 22
3W Hale & Norc... is!
Afternoon Session
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
7C0 Belcher 12: 4000 Mexican 25
100 Best & Belcher 18 «00 Ophir .'0
in<> Challenge Con.. 131 7«0 Silver -Hill 37
1S0O Challenge Con.. IS 200* Yellow Jacket.. 21
400 Con Cal & V.I 22V IK» Yellow Jacket.. 22
200 Gould & Curry 17,
WEDNESDAY. Au*. »-» p. m.
Alpha 04 f-Silustice 01 C3
Alta 82 04!Kentuok — 11
Andes 07 OSiLady Wash — «>5
Belcher 12 13|Mexlcan !5 2»5
Best & Eelcher !5 IS, Occidental 09 U
Bullion 02 C5,Ophlr 49 M
Caledonia 35 41 r Overman ....... nr, r»n
Chollar 14 lS;Potosl 20 21
Challenge Con.. IS 20 Savage V9 l<>
Confidence 63 — iScorpfon C2 —
Con Cal & Va..l 2u 1 B Beg Kelcher .... »)2, «3
Con Imperial .. — "2 Sierra Nevada. 3V 3T»
Con New York. 01 02 Sliver Hill 36 37
Eureka Con — 45 St Louis — 13
Crown Point .. 12 H Standard 3 90 4 nr,
Exchequer — 02 3yndicate — C8
Gould & Curry 17 IS Union Con 17 1»
Hale & Norc... 17 IS. Utah 04 03
Julia — OliYellnw Jacket.. 22 2T!
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
Chicago Grain Market.
touching £19 2s 6d. : While it tended to give a
weak undertone in the local market it failed
to affect prices materially. «¦ -, n \ n
PIGIRON— Warrants are offered at 510 o0.
with buyers conspicuous by their absence, and
the market closed weak. The total exportation
of pigiron from the United States during the
first seven months of this year amounted to
89.810 tons, against a total of 162,336 tons for
the same period a year ago.
COPPER— Quiet and unchanged, both here
and at London. Lake copper closed at 16%c.
LEAD— Dull and unchanged at U 3i%. The
brokers' price for lead was $4 and for copper,
$16 73^16 8714.
changed. Blue stem, 53VJc; club, 56%c, both
for. export \ V.vv : -?
Foreign Markets.
, LONDON, '.- Aug. 29. -Consols, 9S%; sliver.
28 5-16d; French rentes, lOOf 77»ic. Wheat car
goes on passage, firm, but not active: cargoes
Walla Walla. 29s 6d; English country markets,
firm.
LIVERPOOL.. Aug. 29.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 4d<S6s 4Vid; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, dull; weather In England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands, o%d.
CLOSING.
¦WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
wlntPr, 6s Id; No. 1 Northern • spring, 6s 3»id;
No. 1 California," 6s 4d@6s 4 '/id. Futures, firm;
September, fe ftd; December, 6s 2%d.
CORN— Spot, firm; 'American mixed, new. 4s
l%<i; old. 4s 2^id. Futures, firm; September,
4s 2d: November, 4s 2V*d. •
25 per ton in bulk; other varieties, 30350c per
box. KfAraPw
QUINCES-40S6OC per box. -\!
STRAWBERRIES— $3«6 per chest for largt.
and $."»3JS for small berries.
ItASmiCRRlES— »5«i7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3<SS per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 3fi4c per lb.
riGS— 2n#30c for single and 40®6Oc for double
layer boxes*.
POMEGRANATES— 75c per box.
NECTARINES— Red, 75c per crate.
FLUMS— 2C<54uc per box and crate; In bulk.
J10W15 'per ton: Prunes, 30@60c per crate; Egg
Plums, $l2tfflo ner ton.
PEACHES- 35<Ti63c per box: in bulk. J1SUSI3
per ton for freestones and $15(825 for clings;
Mountain Peaches, 40@63c per box.
GRAPES— Muscats, 35@60c per crate; Seed
less. 75c'ri$t per crate; Sweetwater. 35960c;
black. 2Ty&«r>c; Tokay. 25<eeOe: Isabella. 75c;
Wine Grapes. $20^23 per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS— Nutmeg*. r.#4rtc per case; Canta
loupes. 25c@'$l ner crate: Watermelons, $6^1*,
with extra large at $20(&25 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons. *1 25@2 for com
mon and $2 Mfift for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. — ; Banana*. $l<g2 per bunch; Pine
apples, f 1 5C@3 50 per dozen. •
Dried Fmits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market Is quirt, but there Is no weak
ness apparent In any description.
NEW CROP— Prune3. nominal: Apricots. 6%tf
8'4c for Royals and 10til2c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5?J6c: sun-dried. 434Vjc;
Peaches. BU^o'ic for standard. 6@6%c for
choice and "flSc for fancy: Pears. 5@7Hc;
Plums pitted. 5@6c; unpltted. l@l>4; Necta
rines. 55z5< 2 c for red and 5V4fi6c for white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. 3c: standard. Sc; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb., S^c: choice, 7^c: standard. 6Vic;
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, oc: 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5*4c:
3-crown. 614c; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers. 2
crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common 'Shipping points In
California.
NUTS — Walnuts, 881M£c for standards and 9
©lie for softshells; new Almonds, 12@lJ4c
for paper shell, 9H@10c for soft and 6@7c for
hard dhell; Peanuts, 5<96V>e for Eastern and
6@6c for California: Brazil Nuts. U<Ql2hie; Fil
berts, 12@13c; Pecans, Ilffl3c; Cocoanuts. 33 50
@5.
HONEY— Comb, 13@14c for bright and 12®
12Vjc for light amber; water white, extracted.
7 J i^7%c: light amber, extracted. 6U©«?*c; dark,
St5!{i6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®2«c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10'4e per lb for
heavy. He for light medium, 12«^c for light, 13c
for extra light and 1414c for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13o: Mess Beef, J12 per
bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family. $14: extra Prime
Pork, J15 50; extra clear, $13; Mess, J16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12'/i<913o per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 3Uc;
!0-!b tins. 9%e: 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTCLENE-One-half barrel. 8*ic; three
half barrels, S^c; one tierce, b'isc; two tierces,
8Vic; five tierces, 8*4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand* sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. S^9c: medium. 8&c; light. - 8c,
Cowhides. Sc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 8c: Calf.
Oc; Dry Hides, sound. 15c; Dry Kip. 15c; Dry
Calf, 15c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskin3.
Shearlings. 20®30c each; short Wool, SOijJiOc
each; medium, 60<gSec; long Wool, 9Oc®$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt. $2^2 25 for large, SI 75
for medium, Jl for small and 50c for colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 50 for large, $1 25 for me
dium, $1 for email and 'a^SOc for colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 33c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
60c. medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4g4Vje per lb; No.
2, 3<S3He; grease. 2<B2Vic.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective. \1<§
14c; Middle County, free, 14816c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12igl4e; Southern Mountain. II
month*', Htil2c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. 10fil2c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9<@Uc; Humboldt and Mendocino,
16f717c; Nevada. 13016c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6'ASSc: do Lambs'.
S&i>c; Middle County. 9<311c per lb.
HOPS— Old, nominal at a'glOc per lb; new,
10012c.
Sa7i Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 5<5?5c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7gSc; small. S'i©3ViC per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, TT.iSSc; ewes. 7@7Vic per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. SVi@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hear*. 6c for email. 5»i€5Tic for
medium and 5'™<BoHc for large: stock Hogs
and feeders, 5}»Si' B 'sc: dressed Hoes. bQS^ic
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5%c; Wool Bags. 25H l t3C 1 ,c; Fleeca
Twine. 7t£c: Fruit Bags. «>4@6»ic for wfclte and
SVi'SSTic for bleached Jute.
COAL — Stocks continue light and the maric-t
is firm. Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, J9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. |»; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wall
send, $9: Cumberland. $12 in balk and ?13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, 111 per ton; Coke, 116 per ton in bulk and
$1S in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$.« <5 per 2000 lbs. and S3 30 per ton. according
to brand.
SUGAR— Prices have again advanced. Th«
Western Sugar Refining Company quotes, per
lb, -in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A Crushed and Fin©
Crushed, 6.80c: Powdered. 6.40c: Candy Granu
lated, 6.40c: Dry Granulated. 6.30c: Confection
ers' A, 6.30c; Magnolia A, 5.90c: Extra C, 5.80c;
Golden C, 5.70c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels,
2T>o more; boxes, 50c more: 50-Ib bags, 10c more.
Xo orders taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
eoulvalent. Domlnos, half -barrels, 7.05c:
boxes. 7.30c r-er lb.
LINSEED OIL— Is 4c lower, as follows: Raw,
73c: hoilpii. 75c per gallon. In barrels.
TURPENTINE- Is 3c lower at 61c per gallon
la cases and £5c In drums or Iron barrels.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29.
Flour, qr sks.... 13.77tjSuRar, sks- 800
Wheat, ctls ..... 22.s24iHay. tons 817
Barley, ctls 33. 74."5 • Straw, tons 8
Oats, ctls 2.2S7!Flaxseed. sks 74
Cheese, - ct la 2.*.3j Pelts. bdla 2,781
Butter, ctls 79; Wool, bales 2.'6
Tallow, ctla ..... 374 i Hides, Xo 207
Potatoes, sks .... 5.091 Eggs, doz 7,470
Bran, sks 1,287 'Quicksilver, flsks 130
Middlings, sks .. 510 leather, rolls 61
Flax, sks 74i\Vlne. gals 27.500
Onions, ska 2,C00ICrandy, gals .... 5,375
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 773
EASTERN. •
Flour, qr sks.... 1,556
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,>^AUGUST 30, 1900/
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Eleven,
to sail.
8
M ITlmel Time Time ITJme
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» H Wl L. W H W I, W
10... 2:53 4.0 7:431 2.3 2:261 5.1 »:M-' 12
11 ... S:57 3.S »:25 1.8 2:S» 5.0) I0:0« 1.1
1 ... 5:11 3.7l 9:15 3.0 3:41 5.0! 11:10 0.9
2 ... 6:2€ 3.7| 10:25 3.2 4:38 5.0
L WJ IH W L W H W
3... 0:13 0.6f 7:32 3.9 11:43 3.3 5:42 5.1
4 ... 1:10 0.41 8:24 4.3 12:3* 3.1 «:52 5.3
5 ... 2:01 0.21 9:0«t 4.5 l:o» 2.9 7:53! 5.t
Steamer.
From.
Dn».
Point Arena ... Point Arena Au*. 3»
Walla. Wal!a.... Victoria An*. 3»
North Fork Humboldt— - Aug. 3O
Crescent City •• Crescent City Aug. r>
Arcata Coos Bay — Aug. 30
Acapulco Sew York Aus. 31
Corona San Diego An*, rt
rrocreso (Tacoma [Aug. 21
j^rtka lHumboWt -!S*p. 1
fltanla INanalmo jSep. I
Washtensw .... Tacoma „ Sep. J
W. H. Kroger.. fSan Pedro |xp. I
WellingtoB Comox... Sep. 1
Columbia Portland iSep. t
Ponlta Newport Sep. J
Pomona |S«attl« Sep. 3
Santa Rosa !San EHego Sep. t
Doric [China and Japan ISep. ?
I'matUla '. } Victoria Sep. *
Coqutlle Rlver.lGrays Harbor Sep. 5
Coos Bay | Newport I3ep. <
Steamer. 1 Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Statft CaL. {Portland Aujr. 31. U am Pier .24
Newburg ..[Grays Harbor Aujr. 31
Coos Bay. .(Newport Anr. 31. » am Pier It
Pomona ...Humboldt Auk. 31. 2 pmiPier >
Arcata .... Coos Bay , Auk. 21. 12 ml Pier 13
Iaqua Humboldt Sep. 1. 9amlPler 2
Kureka Humboldt [Sep. 2. 10am|Pier 15
Corona !*»n Diearo ISep. -. 11 anvPtwr 11
North Fork'Humboldt ISep. 2. 9am|P1eri2
VT. KruKer.lTinamook Sep. 3. 3pmlP1 er tl
W. "U'alla..|VJctorla Sep. 3. 11 am[PJ«^
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 3. 3 pnvPV^Fi
Bonita Newport Sep. 4. »amJP1er 11
Tanla Hamburg Sep. 5. 5 pm Pier 7
Martposa . Australia...... Sep. S. S pm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 5. 11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
Steamer.
From.
Dn».
Point Arena ... Point Arena Au*. 3»
Walla. Wal!a.... Victoria An*. 3»
North Fork Humboldt— - Aug. 3O
Crescent City •• Crescent City Aug. r>
Arcata Coos Bay — Aug. 30
Acapulco Sew York Aus. 31
Corona San Diego An*, rt
rrocreso (Tacoma [Aug. 21
j^rtka lHumboWt -!S*p. 1
fltanla INanalmo jSep. I
Washtensw .... Tacoma „ Sep. J
W. H. Kroger.. fSan Pedro |xp. I
WellingtoB Comox... Sep. 1
Columbia Portland iSep. t
Ponlta Newport Sep. J
Pomona |S«attl« Sep. 3
Santa Rosa !San EHego Sep. t
Doric [China and Japan ISep. ?
I'matUla '. } Victoria Sep. *
Coqutlle Rlver.lGrays Harbor Sep. 5
Coos Bay | Newport I3ep. <
M ITlmel Time Time ITJme
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» H Wl L. W H W I, W
10... 2:53 4.0 7:431 2.3 2:261 5.1 »:M-' 12
11 ... S:57 3.S »:25 1.8 2:S» 5.0) I0:0« 1.1
1 ... 5:11 3.7l 9:15 3.0 3:41 5.0! 11:10 0.9
2 ... 6:2€ 3.7| 10:25 3.2 4:38 5.0
L WJ IH W L W H W
3... 0:13 0.6f 7:32 3.9 11:43 3.3 5:42 5.1
4 ... 1:10 0.41 8:24 4.3 12:3* 3.1 «:52 5.3
5 ... 2:01 0.21 9:0«t 4.5 l:o» 2.9 7:53! 5.t
Steamer. 1 Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Statft CaL. {Portland Aujr. 31. U am Pier .24
Newburg ..[Grays Harbor Aujr. 31
Coos Bay. .(Newport Anr. 31. » am Pier It
Pomona ...Humboldt Auk. 31. 2 pmiPier >
Arcata .... Coos Bay , Auk. 21. 12 ml Pier 13
Iaqua Humboldt Sep. 1. 9amlPler 2
Kureka Humboldt [Sep. 2. 10am|Pier 15
Corona !*»n Diearo ISep. -. 11 anvPtwr 11
North Fork'Humboldt ISep. 2. 9am|P1eri2
VT. KruKer.lTinamook Sep. 3. 3pmlP1 er tl
W. "U'alla..|VJctorla Sep. 3. 11 am[PJ«^
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 3. 3 pnvPV^Fi
Bonita Newport Sep. 4. »amJP1er 11
Tanla Hamburg Sep. 5. 5 pm Pier 7
Martposa . Australia...... Sep. S. S pm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 5. 11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
AUCTION SALE?
AUCTION • SALE |
MONDAY. September 3. 10CO. at 11 a. m.-sn
head of splendid horses, suitable for any a-j
nil purposes. All well broken; « Kr-at bi>
drafthorses In the bunch. OCCIDENTAL,
HORSE EXCHANGE. 721 Howard st.SEVERAL. REPRESENTATIVE
MEMBERS OF BAY CITY PAR
LOR.
The Mission Federation of Improvement
Clubs has petitioned the Board of Fire
Commissioners to grant the loan of two
horees that are not fit for fire purposes in
order to operate the city sprinkling cart
over the county roads. If the cart can
be operated, the federation says, a great
deal of good will bo done on the Mission
and San Jose roads, where the dust, is «
great annoyance to people who ride on the
cars and vehicles over these thorough
fares. &mMiu$£4-$
Want County Boads Sprinkled.
Mrs. Birdie Price, Against Whom the
Prisoner Testified, Awarded
Decree of Divorce.
The findings of fact and conclusions of
law in the divorce proceedings instituted
by Mrs. Birdie Price against A. G. Price,
the saloon man, were signed by Judge
Daingerfleld yesterday. Mrs. Price having
been | awarded a decree of divorce over
three months ago. Mrs. Price charged
her husband with neglect and undue In
timacy with Martha Lynde, 921^ Mission
street. Price in turn charged his wife
with infidelity. Mrs. Cordelia Botkln,
against whom Mrs. Pricey testified during
the trial of the murder charge, was taken
to court and testified against Mis. Price.
The court, however, was of the opinion
that Mrs. Botkln was prejudiced against
Mrs. Price, and gave her testimony but
small consideration.
CORDELIA BOTKIN'S
TESTIMONY DOUBTED
% . NIVERSITT OF CALIFORNIA,
J I BERKELEY, Aug. 29.— The novel
M and pretty custom of the senior boys
singing each Tuesday evening under
the oaks on the campus is about to
be Inaugurated at the university. This is
a Princeton custom. It is the plan of
those who lead the movement here o
have the men from the union clubs meet
every Tuesday evening at about 7 o'clock
under the oaks and sing for half an hour.
Most of the college students are expected
to meet on the campus and listen to th«
singing before taking up their studies for
the evening. Those most active in start
ing this custom are Paul Sinsheimer, J.
W. S. Butler, Ralph T. Fisher and Milton
H. Schwartz.
The following named : freshmen have
been Initiated into college fraternities:
Phi Delta Theta— Phllo Llndley. Seymour
Hall, Fred Brown, Maxwell Milton and
Elbert Brim: Phi Gamma Delta— Carlton
Curtis?, Drummond McGavin and Roy
Bummers; Sigma Nu— Guy Rankin, Orval
Overall, Charles Bere^r and Ray Juda;
Chi Phi— Samuel Stow and Fletcher Ham;
ilton; Phi Kappa Psi-J. C. Pickett.
George Beard, Edgar Howell, A. Adams
and D. Adams.
The following appointments have been
made In the university cadets: To be first
sergeant. Company F, Sergeant J s.
Ross; second sergeant, Company F, Ser
geant C. O. Estcrly: third sergeant, Com
pany F, Sergeant w. A. Powell;* fourth
sergeant. Company F. Sergeant •"». «I.
Roesnar; fifth sergeant. Company V \
R.Faull; fifth sergeant. Company. ««., C.
R. Parker; fifth sergeant. Company b
G. B. Lorenz; fifth sergeant. Company d'
E. L. Zook.
Professor George Holmes Howlson, who
fills the Mills chair of intellectual and
moral philosophy and civil policy, -will lec
ture on "Philosophy at Oxford" before
the Philosophical Union at its meeting at
8 o'clock Friday evening, August 31, In th$
lecture room of the. Philosophy building.
Professor HowiFon has Just returned from
a year abroad, during most of which time
he was in Oxford, , .
Jesse Stelnhart, '01, has been chosen
speaker of the students' congress, the
university. debating society.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
1,6 Blanche Held to Answer.
Henry Le Blanche, proprietor of a rest
aurant on Stockton street, was held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Conlan yesterday on a charge of
assault to murder for shooting his wife.
Catherine, at 32 Second street on July 2.
Hl3 bonds were fixed at $2000. Mrs. Le
Blanche again pleaded with the Judge
not to hold her husband, as she did not
want him punished. ' The preliminary ex
amination of P. J. Curtln, the private de
tectlve, on the charge of being an acces
sory, will be held September 6.
"Window Cleaner's Fall.
Frank Varoni, a window-cleaner llvlnjr
at 10 Graham place, met with a serious
accident yesterday afternoon. He wa.«
cleaning a second-story window at the
Nolan residence, 1428 Golden Gate averiue.
when a board which he held for support
gave way and he fell to the ground, a
distance of about twenty-five feet. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital
where it was found that his left»ankle
was fractured, his Up cut and h*> was
suffering from possible Internal injuries.
Paloma Schramm Recital.
The first of two farewell recitals by Pa
loma Schramm. the child pianist, was
given yesterday afternoon at Sherman-
Clay Hall, before an appreciative but
rather small audience.
Paloma ha3 done good work since her
last recital In May. showing larger grasp
of her subject, a surer technique anil
even bigger tone than the firm chlid fin
gers had before achieved. Her repertoire
was partly new, and included a musical
transcription of her Impressions of Yo
semlte Valley, where she spent her sum
mer vacation, which composition is also
considerably more mature, more musical,
than anything she has yet attempted.
The "Chromatic Fantalaie and Fugue" of
Bach. Sehubert-Lizafs "Hark. Hark, the
Lark," "Tempo dl Ballo" of Scarlatti,
very daintily rendered, and same Chcptn
numbers, notably the Andante from thq
E minor Concerto, in which the second
piano part was played by her little sister
Karla. were other numbers on the inter
esting programme; and. as always, the
impersonation of the little gen: us wai
most remarkable.
A last recital will be given at the same
hall on Saturday afternoon.
Mr. Channing Is a Special Agent.
G. E. Channinc. special employe of the
Treasury Department, has been promoted
to be a full-fledged special agent, and will
leave on the 10th of the present month to
assume the duties of hla office at Niagara
F 3.1 Is.
A French law srlves any person who fa
offensively mentioned ina periodical publi
cation the right to reply In th« next issue
of the publication, provided that he does
not use more than twice the space of th* .
Resolved. That the officers of this club be
and are hereby directed to execute the pro
visions of this resolution.
Resolved, That th© Jefferson Democratic Club
of the Thirty-nm Assembly District deems It
necesfary to take such measure* that a mass
meeting or assemblage of the Democrats of San
FVsnciseo be held after proper and reasonable
notice through the press or by posting to elect
at said mass meeting and assemblage a county
committee and governing body for the Demo
crats of said city and county; and
Whereas, The present County Committee of
th* city and county of San Francliwo was
elected under a primary law declared by the
Supreme Court to be unconstitutional, among
other reasons beeau** Republicans had the
privilege of voting for the Democratic candi
dates for the Democratic city or local conven
tion, and did i>o vote in numbers sufficient to
defeat the democratic majority at said elec
tion; and whereas, the word "may" In the
Porter primary law, now in force an<l effect,
has, by the legislation of 1S99 become equiva
lent in law to the word ••shall"; and. whereas,
no primary election haa been held In the city
and county of Ban FrancUco to elect delegates
to the Democratic State Convention to meet in
San Jose on the fith day of September, 1300;
and whereas, the city and county County Com
mittee elected and aDpolnted by said Illegal
local convention is not even a de fact#bo4y
and by falling to hold a primary to elect dele
gates to «ald convention hae abdicated all pow
ers. If any It ever had; and whereas, under the
constitutional right of ai-sembry it is necessary
that an assemblage of Democrats of the city
and county of San Francl»eo be held to elect
a governing body or county committee for the
Democrats of the city and county, now. there
fore, be it
The Thlrty-flrPt District Jefferson Club
at a meeting Tuesday night adopted the
following resolutions:
New County Committee.
Mass Meeting to Be Called to Select
DEMOCBATS NOT SATISFIED.
"I did not go as far as Nome and know
nothing of the conditions there except
what I have been told. The alleged rlcli
sand at Red River beacn on Kodiak Isl
and is no better than that of th-- rest •¦{
the beaches. The moat important did*
covery Is that of a rich copper lodge ;u
Valdez. on Prince William Ssouml. Cap
ital has already been attracted there ;.i
the person of Millionaire Walker of Mil
waukee."
OAKLAND, Aug. 23. — Ex-Congressman
Warren B. English arrived home thi«
evening from a three months' trip along
the coast from Seattle to L'nger, a poim
this side of Nome. He Railed on the
steamer Excelsior, which made fre<tuei«;
stops along the route. From the coisc
English made several canoe anil sled trip-*
to the Interior.
With regard to the situation in th*
rorth he said:
WARREN ENGLISH BACK
FROM THE FAR NORTH
The habeas corpus case of Maud Blood
good was dismissed yesterday by the Jus
tices of the Supreme Court. The girl was
convicted of vagrancy and. sentenced by
a Police Judge to the Industrial school.
She was taken to the Magdalen Asylum
and she has been there ever since. Re
cently her father, E. Bloodgood, applied
for a writ of habeas corpus to secure her
release. In support of his application he
attacked the standing of the asylum by
setting up that it Is not & publfc institu
tion, but a private Catholic home for un
ruly girls. He was vigorously opposed by
the attorneys for the asylum, who con
tended that the Magdalen Asylum Is the
successor to the old industrial school. The
case was partly argued and continued in
order to allow the records to be produced.
The records would have decided more
than the point Involved, for the asylum
is receiving considerable support from the
cltv for the care of unruly girls, but be
fore they were produced again Acting
Mayor Tobin and Police Judge Cabaniss
signed an order to the Mother ¦ Superior
to release the girl. This shut off all fur
ther inquiry by the Supreme Court.
Magdalen Asylum Case Dismissed.
THE Henry Miller season at the Co
lumbia Theater Is ending up with a
fine flourish. The notable production
of "The Only Way" still continues
to draw its crowds.
Clay Clement nnd L. R. Stockwell will
open at the Columbia next Monday even
ing In "A Great Obstacle."
• • •
The Tlvoli Op^ra-house has again sur
prised its patrons with Its enterprise on
their behalf. Barron Berthald, the famous
tenor, is now speeding from New York in
order to take the place of Slgnor Avedano.
who is still Indisposed. Mr. Berthald will
sing "Tannhauser" this evening, and an
unusually tine performance is assured.
Next week he will take the Don Jose part
in "Carmen," with Salassa as the Torea
dor. "The Mask Ball" alternates with
"TennhauBer" this week.
* * *
At the Alcazar Theater "Frou Frou" Is
the attraction of the last week of the
Florence Roberts season and Is playing to
excellent houses. Next week Dorothy
Dorr and Howard Hall will begin their
season with "The Masqueraders."
* * *
The California Theater Is closed for im
portant alterations, and .will reopen with
the Azzall Italian opera company on Sep
tember 10.
• • •
The Alt* Theater is doing a good busi
ness with "East Lynno," and will present
Captain Jack Crawford In his new play,
"On the Trail," next week.
* • • :
The Orpheum's good bill includes the
Yoscary troupe, Lavender and Thompson,
the Tobins, Newsky troupe and holdovers
from last week.
. « • • • -
Seabury, high diver; Weston and Her
bert, the Malcolms and Lord and Rowe
are among the. week's attractions at' the
Chutes and Zoo.
Fischer's Concert House presents all
new talent this week, with the exception
of the popular contralto, Eudora Forde.
• • . •
The sale of seats for Pain's "Battle of
San Juan" at Folsom and Sixteenth
streets begins this morning at Sherman
& Clay's, and the first production will be
given on Saturday night.
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
Body of a Well-Dressed Man "With
Hand Clutching a Revolver
Found.
Soldiers hunting? for an escaped prison
er yesterday forenoon in the Presidio
woods found the decomposing body of an
unknown man in the brush about 2O>
yards from the golf links. A pistol tightly
clenched In the right hand and a hole in
the right temple told the story of suicide.
Nothing was found on the body by
which the remains could be identified. The
suicide was well dressed, the clothing be
ing a black diagonal frock roat and vest.
dark cassimere panta, laced shoes and
black Fedora hat. The underwear was of
gray cotton. The' features were not rec
ognizable, but the hair and mustache
were brown. He was 5 feet 8U inches tall
and weighed about 160 pounds.
Twenty-three dollars and a handful of
pistol cartridges ¦were found in the
pockets. The revolver was a Hopkins &
Allen hammerless. with a mother of pearl
handle. The suicide had taken off his
coat, placed It on the ground and lay
upon It before he pulled the trigger.
UNKNOWN SUICIDE IN
THE PRESIDIO WOODS
Blow Open the Express and Baggage
Cars but Gain Small Booty.
Fosse in Pursuit.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. Aug. 30.— Tho
Union Pacific passenger train, second sec
tion No. 3, was held up by bandits two
and a half miles west of Tipton station,
fifty-eight miles west of Rawllns. last
night at 8:30 o'clock. There were four men
in the holdup. The express and baggago
car were blown open and the safe blown
to pieces. The railroad company rays the
loss was nominal. The baggage and ex
press cars were considerably damaged.
United Stats Marshal Hadsell, who vat
notified at Rawlins, raised a posse of
twenty-five men, with horses and went on
a special train to the scene of the hold
up and are now on the trail of the ban
dits. No one- was Injured on the train.
The Union Pacific ofTers $1000 reward tor
each robber.
FOUR BANDITS HOLD UP
UNION PACIFIC TRAIN
The sophomores voted to tax the men
of the class to pay for the university
property destroyed In the gymnasium
rush. The damage done amounted to over
$50. ,
President Wheeler declared that alto
gether too much class spirit had been dis
played recently and that there had been
more than enough rushing at the univer
sity this term. He refused to allow the
preparations for a rush with the freshmen
to continue.
"The class has violated Its honor," said
President Wheeler, "with regard to Its
word to the university. Not the whole
class, but Us leaders. I feel very much
grieved over the affair. Haven't you done
about as much as you can afford to do
this year in the way of Injuring the uni
versity and her fair name?"
BERKELEY, Aug. 2t>.— At a meeting of
the sophomore class of the State Univer
sity held this afternoon President Wheeler
severely criticized the action of the male
members of the class for the part they
took in the rush of last week.
President Wheeler Scores
Students Who Broke
Their Pledges,
SOPHOMORES WHO
VIOLATED THEIR
WORD OF HONOR
It seems to be settled that the Repub
lican State Convention will nominate
Samuel M. Shortrldge for Presidential
elector-at-large. Leon Sloss is spoken of
as a good running mate for Mr. Short
ridge. Among those mentioned for place*
on the electoral ticket to represent the
several districts are: E. C. Voorheis of
Amador, E. M. Preston of Nevada, Wil
liam R. Davis and Senator E. K. 'laylor
of Alameda and. Mr. Bennett, ex-presi
dent of the Pacific Coast Traveling Men's
Association. It is an open question
whether Senator Taylor is eligible, aa he
holds a State offl.ee. Some years ago a
Republican State Convention desired to
placet the late Colonel Fred Crocker on
the electoral - ticket, but after reflection
In the Sixth District the Democrats will
doubtless nominate General John R.
Mathews. He is an anti-boss man of,
character and Intelligence, but has no in
clination for public service. It Is said by
his friends that he will not accept the
nomination.
In the Fourth District the candidates
most frequently mentioned by Democrats
are Senator R. Porter Ashe and Charles
Edelman. It is said that Mayor Phelan,
during his recent absence from the city,
wired to a friend here, advising that no
one be indorsed until he returned, as h&
had hopes of persuading Judge Coffey to
enter the contest. The Mayor, who is
supposed to be against Senator Ashe, is
not enthusiastically in favor of Edelman.
A three-cornered fight In the Second
District seems probable. ' Frank D. Nich
ols of Stockton Was entered the fray
against Jo D. Sproul of Chlco and
A. Camlnetti of Amador. Mr. Sproule is
tho leading candidate.
Frank I... Coombs has developed the
greatest strength of any candidate, but
owing to the attitude of the Sonoma dele
gation he Is not sure of winning out. The
unpopularity of A. B. Ummun in Santa
Rosa complicates the contest. If Lem
.mon were not for Coombs many Repub
licans who are now indifferent would fall
into line for the leading candidate, but
the Santa Rosa Poatn aster can make en
emies faster than the United States Dis
trict Attorney can m; ke friends. '%
Word comes from Napa CoUnty that
Theodore A. Bell, District Attorney, will
not accept the Democratic nomination Tor
Congress in the First District. Slgna
at present point to the choice of Emmet
Seawell, who ran in 1898 against John A.
Barham. In that race Barham received
19,698 votes and Seawell 18,244. J. W.
Cochran of San Rafael and J. J. Weils
of Red Bluff are mentioned as candidates
for the nomination.
There are several aspirants for the dis
tinction of leading th« Democratic fight
for Congress in the Seventh District. L..
J. Maddux of Modesto, C. H. Castle of
Merced, W. D. Crichton of Fresno and
Will H. Holcombe of San Diego are in the
A statesman named Bryan, whose ini
tials are not known at Democratic head
quarters In San Francisco, is announced
as a candidate for the Democratic nomi
nation for Congress in the Third District.
Brvan lives In Oakland.
Talk in Democratic circles is favorable
to the nomination of Henry C. Gesford
for Congress in the Fifth District.
Indications point to a spirited contest
for 'the Republican Congressional nomina
tion in the First District. The counties
comprising the district are: t>el Norte,
Siskiyou, Mndoc. Humboldt, Trinity,
Shasta. La-ssen. Tehama. Plumas, Sierra,
Mcndoclno, Sonoma, Napa. and Marin.
New Phases in Contest for
Congress — More Demo
cratic Entries.
BOTH PARTIES
CASTING ABOUT
FOR ELECTORS
The honor of presiding over the deliber
ations of the Republican State Convention
will be given to Judge W. C. Van Fleet.
The Democratic State Convention wilt ac
cord a like honor to R. M. Fitzgerald.
decided that it'would not be advisable as
he was then a Regent of the State Uni
versity. In the Oregon case in 187t> Cronin
was deemed ineligible because he was a
State officer. The convention at Santa
Lruz will take great care in the selection
of candidates for the electoral college.
Jasper McDonald Is mentioned for one
of the electors-at-large on the Democratic
ticket. D. M. Delmas is also spoken of.
Among other names canvassed are: J. W.
Martin. Tulare; W. R. Jacobs, Stockton,
and J. H. Seawell. Menclocino.
The committee on ¦wheels held a mere-
Ing last night and it was announced th;»t
the teams from Reno, I.os Angeies an-I
San Jose had accepted tru* inviution r >
attend the meet. The members of tha
Bay City and Olympic clubs will entertain
the visitors during their stay here. Th-s
programme finally adopted will Include ;i
mile handicap race, half-mile acratcli
race, a twenty-five mile relay and thre>
automobile races. The firtft prize in th«
handicap will be a ehatnleu bicycle, m
the scratch race a Cleveland bicycle ami
the other prizes up t<> the full limn.
There will be five special J15 prizes in tho
relay race to riders making the fawtf^t
time. Entries will close September r>. »he
handicap committee consists of William
Mackie, T. G. Spillan. Frank Smith. Fred
Breokman. XV. A. Bush and C. N. Raw
llns.
The fireworks during the celebration
will be set off at the north en<l of Van
Ness avenue, near the entrance to Fort
Mason, General Shafter having given per
mission to have them set off there.
'William Dogen. J20O; Johnson's Creamerie
and the Popular Restaurant <F\ XV. Kr^ne*.
$75 each; Schwarz & Heth, Poodle I>ok, Dairy
Kitchen, Moraghan's Restaurant, Marchar.oVsi
Original Creamerie, Good Fellows" <;rott<>. IV1
monico'a, $M each: Page A Fntrh. *.'«>; Scully
A Son. J. d' la Montanya i'ompa.ny, Ctarteri
Kellu*. A. L. r-yan & Co., Gambrlnus B"ttlin<
Company, Will & Flnck, GuMen Gate rlnak
and Suit Houne. Fiarttett Sprlnsa Company.
Swain's Restaurant. Tlvoli Cufe. O>!ri»n West
Restaurant. Pearl Oyater House. VMttrMlfl
Restaurant. California Caf* and Restaurant
and Detjen & llengel. $23 each.
The following contributions were re
ceived yesterday:
A. Galland was secretary. After the adop
tion of the resolution indorsing the name
Of S. M. White Edward McCabe, member
of the State Building and Loan Commis
sion, delivered an address in which he
predicted success for the Democratic na
tional ticket this year. He then paid a
glowing tribute to ex-Senator White. He
referred to his good work while a mem
ber of the United States Senate and to his
ability as a statesman, characterizing him
as a tower of Intellectual strength. He
urged the election of State Senators who.
would lend their support to a man who
had represented the State of California
with such credit to himself and such hon
or to the people. After the applause fol
lowing the conclusion of McCabe's speech
had subsided he was followed by Clltus
Barbour, T. J. Fitzslmmons. Major Ellis
Powell and John Heenan, who spoke on
similar lines.
Chairman Ford then appointed a com
mittee, consisting of S. Kohlmann, T. J.
Fitzslmmons, Robert Murray and Major
Powell to wait on Mayor Phelan and ask
for an explanation regarding the peddling
of tickets at the last Democratic primary
which wore printed by non-union printing
offices. The attention of the Allied Print
ing Trades Council also will be called to
the fact that "scab" tickets were used at
the primary.
The meeting was presided over by James
F. Ford, president of the cltfb, and Jesse
Resolved, By the Bryan and Stevenson Club
of the Thirty-ninth Assembly District, being a
part of the Twenty-third Senatorial District,
that we favor the candidacy of the Hon.
Stephen M. White for t'nlted States Senator
two years hence and that It is the sentiment of
this club that no candidate receive our sup
port for the office of State Senator who does
not publicly appear before this club at a stated
meeting thereof and pledge himself If elected
to cast his vote for t'nlted States Senator for
the FBld Stephen M. White.
Whereno, The various State Senators to be
elected in November next are to participate in
the election of United States Senator to suc
ceed the Hon. George C. Perkins; be it
Whereas, The record made by the Hon.
Stephen M. White while occupying the position
of United States Senator Is one to which all
Democrats can point with pride and satisfac
tion, ami
Whereas, The recent disgracefully conducted
so-called primary election is an indication' in
itfelf that the Democratic electors of this city
and county will be afforded no opportunity to
express their preference for candidates to be fe
lecteil hereafter for nomination to the offices
of State Senator and Assemblymen throughout
the city, and
M. White were accepted by the large as
semblage present as sufficient manifesta
tion of its anti-Phelan sentiments. The
resolution follows:
THE Senatorial candidacy of Hon.
Stephen M. White was fairly launch
ed last night by the Thirty-ninth
District Independent Bryan and
Stevenson Democratic Club at Saratoga
Hall. The meeting was largely attended
and White's name Mas cheered to. the
echo every time it was mentioned by the
several able speakers who voiced eloquent
tribute to the merits of that stalwart
member of the party. The resolution fa
voring White's candidacy and pledging in
his behalf the candidate for State Senator
of the district, who will hold over until
the election takes place, was read amid
great and frequent applause and was
adopted by a rising vote.
The adoption of the resolution was in
itself a repudiation of the Senatorial aspi
rations of Mayor Phelan and the ques
tionable political methods employed by
his henchmen at the last Democratic pri
marv. No unkind words were said against
Phefan. but the rebuke administered by
an organization which numbers exactly
428 voters on Its membership roll was none
the less scathing for the calm and digni
fied manner in which it was done. The
encomiums that were passed upon Stephen
The committee was not able to com
plete the hearing of the Forty-third Dis
trict contest and will meet again to-night
for that purpose.
The *ub-commlttee met In the afternoon
and heard the protest in regard to the
Thirty-seventh district. General E. S.
Salomon appeared and presented a strong
case, showing that the ballot box in Pre
<-inct No. 1 was stuffed by the Inspector
and that other frauds were practiced. Tho
committee decided against him. on' the
K'-ound that H was not shown that the
result was changed by the frauds.
This rwommemiation Is made bo that there
may be certified n complete delegation of one
hundred and thirty to represent the Republi
can party of San Francisco In the ensuing Re
publican State convention at Santa Cruz. Re
spectfully submitted.
T. H MCCARTHY. Chairman,
A. nt'EF.
H. C. HENDERSON.
G. D. CLARK.
H. E. HOLMES.
Forty-Third District Contest.
And while said returns are by no means offi
cial your committee, in view of the fact that
no contest or opposition has appeared to the
t.ame on the part of any person whatsoever,
would Eiigeest that the chairman and secre
tary of the County Committee be requested to
¦certify also the foregolnjr names to the Repub
lican State Central Committee with the ex
planation that said recommendation is based
on said unofficial return*.
Forty-third Assembly IMstrict— General R. H.
Warneld Major F. A. Bettls. Dr. Arthur Stern.
John B. Harding Robert Winecke. Isaac
Frank, Krr.st A. Denlcke.
Forty-fifth Assembly District— J. Daley, H.
Lewis, W. Clark, G. W. McCulloueh.
Forty-second Assembly District— Dr. C. F.
Deane. L. K. Price. John P. Couch. William
Reieter, Charlea Mcl^aln, Frank J. Gedge.
Domlnk-k Beban, Edward Palmer.
Thirty-eiWhth Assembly District— G. L. Sharp,
M. A. Reardon, F. Boeckmann, E. H. Algel
tinger, E. P. Barrett. S. Felgenbaum. M. Gold
berg. W. A. Stuart, XV. Marks. I. B. Dalzlel.
Tnlrtieth Assembly District— F. W. Harris.
W. J. Babbitt. J. Roach, Horace Jackson Jr.,
Twenty-eichtli Assembly District — Joseph S.
Fpear Jr.. Harry Uny. C. R. Franklin, W. H.
Nolan. Robert O. Day.
In the Tw-enty-elghth. Thirtieth. Thirty
eighth, Forty-second, Forty-third and Forty
flith AMimbiy Districts your committee has
not received any official returns as to the elec
tion of £aid Slate delegates, but in said dis
tricts there have be«n certified over the pur
ported signatures of county committeemen the
following; names as being respectively elected
from their respective Assembly districts, to
wit:
The forepHrip appear from the returns before
your committee to have been duly and prop
erly elected as such dMeffates.
Forty-fourth Assembly District— W. F. Fltr
ix>-rul'l, E. D. Feuaier. E. Patrixi. D. W. Wes
wnVrg. E. C. Kalben, M. Tonnlssen, N. Fer
ro^iaro.
Forty-first Assembly District— Milton H. Es
hore. W. C. Van Fleet. George Stone, W. S.
\Vocxi. Wakefleid Baker. \V. J. Dutton.
iiam C. Albereer, Arthur W. Ppear, I«aac F.
Kydd. W. H. Theganowen.
Fortieth Assembly District— D. I-. Fitzgerald,
A. L. Well. K. A. Selfrtdge. Jr.. Mark Wolf
¦obn. J. M. Wllkins. n. M. Fletcher, I. J.
Ascheim. George R. Fletcher. Edward Kelly,
XV. M. Kllnger.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District— P. L. Archi
bald. I>r. F. M. Hackett, M. Boehm. A. L.
Hart Jr., A. W. Rranch, Dr. Joseph A. Silver
man. T.ouis Bern^U-in, T. H. Chandler.
Thirty-Seventh AfismiMy District — G. Gun
zer.dorfer. John F. Gallagher, E. W. Tucker,
W. M. Abliott, D. D. Hunt, Richard Keller.
Elgar BriK(f«, A. J. Ralsch, W. Sehlesstnuer,
KYar.k McGowan.
Thirty-sixth Assembly District— E. D. Berri,
H. Burfeirnl. A. Davidson, J. D. Barber, Joseph
Srherrer. P. J. Gray. A. H. Merrill, William
MoDtvitt, H. J. Riggins.
Thirty-fifth Assembly District— John D. Daly,
J. L. Prior. John Cox. Daniel Mulvllle, K. H.
Pase, P. Brotferick.
Thirty-fourth Assembly District— J. K. C
Hohbs. I. J. Truman. C. J. l'eterson, W. W.
Chase, Adam Beck. J. H. Cox, F. W. Burnett,
J. G. I>veni=a!?r, H. G. Krasky.
Thirty-third Absemhly District— John Ridder,
Ed Turner, R. Rassmussen. II. Leffmann, W.
Watson. J. Sparrow, J. C. Ohlandt.
Thirty-second Assembly District— Dr. T. B.
de Witt. D. D, Sullivan. C. B. Rode. C. W.
Kax'lan, Thomas N'eason.
Thirty-rlret AFsenjbly District — A. H. Cous
ins. G. J. Martin. P. M. O'Connor, F. J.
Hiiice, D. Molander.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District— D. Mac-
Dorald, Thomas Norton. William Tonge, James
O'Hrien, J. T. Kingston.
Delegates to State Convention.
In the matter of the delegates to the
State Convention your committee respect
fully recommends that the chairman and
secretary of the County Committee cer
tify to the chairman of the Republican
State Committee in accordance with th«
call of said State Central Committee du
plicate certified lists of the following del
egates:
To the committee it nppeared that only
two courses were open to it— either to un
?rat the delegation entirely and to leave
the district without representation or to
seat the delegation above recommended.
In the Fortieth District much evidence
was introduced tending to show irregular
ity on behalf of. the ticket recommended
to be seated and some as to the contest
ins delepration.
It appears, however, to the committee
that assuming all of the testimony of the
contestants to be true there still remained
f-ufficient votes on the part of the ma
jority ticket to entitle it to credentials
and that none of tho delegates named
had any personal participation in any
of the irregularities.
Your committee reports that In the
Thirty-fifth. Thirty-seventh, Thirty-ninth
and Fortieth Assembli- districts and in
the Forty-fifth Assembly District it rec
omm*»n<1s the denial ot the contests anJ
the seating of the delegates who upon the
face of the returns appear to have been
elected.
Forty-fourth Assembly District— L.. A. Rea.
Charles H. Sommerlad. A. Campana, Alexander
Campbell Jr., A. J. Dondero. A. Ruef. J. S.
Godtau, P. Hansen. 1'rank Marini. Adam Loh,
Harry Huff, H. J. Perazrl. E. C. Ameuee.
E. W. Taggard, George Macoonis, Henry
Thomas P. Woodward, Sol J. L«vy.
Forty-first Assembly District— H. G. XV. Din
keUplcl, William A. Sexton, Patrick Dugan.
XV. R. Nixon, Eli J. Wilkinson, P. Shaen. E.
J. Attrid^e. William J. Barton, Daniel O"Con
nor. W. G. L>eale. Robert A. Grier. Samuel
Guthrie. Ogden Hoffman, R. C. Daniels. John
J. Devlin. W. J. Hatman, Alfred Bowes, Max
Ludwie.
Your committee further recommends that the
'allowing delegates are entitled to seats In raid
invention and that credentials rhall be forth
-1th !«»ued to them:
TwMity-iiittth Assembly Pletrict-J. J. Daugh-
D i .Mm Atwood, J. Nerplmaker, S. Solomon,
J n. McXamara, J. Parry, H. C. Van Uuyn.
)<¦. Geary. Thomas Fltzpatrick. T. Sheehan.
COward Haver.s.
TMrty-first Afsembly Di«rict-H. J. Mo-
Mni n* Thomap Walsh, Thomas Quinn. D.
Bullivan V. McXamara. L. Chester, P. Me-
Klroy J O'Brien I*. Flynn. E. Kane. E.
I'riot j r .
Tt. ,:¦>•- second A«>embly Plstrlct— J. F.
Ataean Thoma* C. Duff. J. I^cey. R. WIlFon.
3. tt -r. E. Ter,P*r, J. Hanlon, J. B. Lewis
Jr.. F: Lyons. „
Thirty, third A«««nWjr Olftrict— ChaHes
Bmm; k. K Itaymond, F. McKnhtll, O. \V.
Per.nirp: . n Frank Mitchell. Frank IVndergaJt,
I'm!* 11 wjen W: T. Slevprii. H. Laerave, L.
X™cir a!r j^, Schnretfr. C. Ratto, It. J. Welch.
Tl.n ty-J , ur th AFN-mbly Dintrict— Georire L.
«—'... .|. n Tonninpstn. W. A. Mertes. Ka-lph
U Hathoni j. (J Tittle, J. O'Keefe, A. Rf-pert.
[ V. & Ouna Archibald Reid. F. J. Hur*t. H. N.
lJe«tt>. j. 1: Klkins-ton. Georre XV. Elder. A.
I-. AdartiK v. y. poster, G. I. Baychester, K.
It. Kniclit.
Thlrty-fiJth AFHombly UiMrict-F. G. San
bartL li. c. buzktr, C. ». Kitch. J. w. Klngr.
w, H. O«ars* w. n. Ftandert. If. B. Arnold.
A. M. MacJ-hf-rpon, Joseph McTigrue. K. K.
IJder. Jotn « Kortjck. A. J. Piercy. B. F.
I >»• lffcr.
Thirty-sixth A^cmbly District-Frank French,
C H. l>u rencc k. j a. Wilson. XV. J. Gullfoyle,
<•. E. I«er.ed;ct. M. F. Taylor. T. XV. I>ennis.
James Harton. j. ,».,,„ Tuite. William Wallace.
«r. C. Johnson, j. i. Naple, F. Severance, Jo-
Nflarxl, Charles Heethorn, A. B. Maboney,
U. J. Noble. H. K H(.lr.-.r.«.
Thirty-b«venth An^embly ' Dietrict— H. A.
J- G. I^il^n. John Jllirjrtns. E. L. Cook.
A. F. Allen. T. V. Henderson J. P. McMurray.
George H. frairchtli. Arthur G. Hawley. Frank,
liatunan. Jurnci K. Pi<M Miwiir.l Walsh, John
& Green. J* '-rristin: Daniel Foley. T. V.
Maxwell, n. <,*. li. McCarthy. J. Jacobaon. XV.
J. Ilamwiy. *
¦,.T!V rl >'" n , lnt !?,. Al ' i ' Pn My District— George R.
\\t!i«. tfm \v Bowrtttte. 6. A. White. L. A.
-.lebold I»uis Hofmann. E. G. Knapp. WH
l.am McKenzie. John a. Matree. F. D. Mac-
r 1 ?' it' SSffc^f: £ Clut(> - Kamu*l Barman.
J. L. Hannah, Dr. It. r Kane
T -fT. r i r V et tS A '*~™ bl y l>i"rict-Edmuna Tausrky.
V:?in^T^ ffeS-i F &r7ton' 01 W"
li. Darla. B. A. BullU. Lflictxx* U Solomonn.
CyT? XOTHER batch of so-called elec
//\\ tion returns' has been pent to the
/i==±\ Republican State Central Com
£1 mittce. This batch was made up
by Martin Kelly and Phil Crira
mins at the Mint saloon. It purports to
be a list of delegates to the Fourth Con-
Brewlonal PiFtrict Republican Conven
tion. The State Committee of course pays
DO attention to the list, as no call war Is
sued for a primary election in the Fourth
District. Th<> legitimate convention of the
Republican party in the Fourth District
will consist of delegates elected at the pri
rr.fiiy election held under the auspices of
the Republican County Commute.- in ac
cordance with the provisions of the offi
cial call of the Republican State Central
r.rnimiuee. The delegates to the State
convention at Santa Cruz from th< Assem
:¦:>• districts within the boundaries of the
Fourth Congressional District will resolve
themselves into a nominating convention
and will no doubt nominate Julius Kahn
to represent the district in «"ongress for
another term. Tre duty of appointing a
Congressional district committee will also
devolve upon the convention. Clean Re
jublicans should be on the. alert at Santa
Cruz to block the game of the bosses.
Kelly and Crimmins' chief point is to con
trol the district committee. While high
minded citizens of the party will be en
gaged in efforts to win a great victory for
McKinley and Roosevelt the corrupt
bosses will be hiding away in some dark
recess and plotting to get control of the
committee.
The Republican County Committee of
San Francisco will not vex the State con
vention with contests. The report of the
returning: board clears the way for an
easy adjustment of all controversies grow
ing out of the recent primary election In
this city. _ ' j_ "-'
It appears now that the efforts of Kelly
and Crtmmln* to prolong strife in the Re
publican County Committee will prove
futUe. The Examiner and Bulletin are
backing up the bosses to continue the
fight against the better elements of the
Republican party, but Republicans must
expect that kind of opposition from Demo
cratic newspapers. Indications point to
an indorsement of the returning board's
course
The committee of eighteen have made a
thorough canvass of all the returns pre
sented, excepting these from the Korty
third District. A resolution was adopted
last night directing the i?sue of creden
tial to 1?8 of the 250 delegates to the
loiral convention.
Betrayed by John J. Curry.
The inquiry relating to the election in
the Forty-third District will be resumed
to-day. The clean Republicans in tills
district were betrayed by John J. Curry,
a County Committeeman. He was a can
didate for State Printer on the Dtmo
craii<- ticket in the Budd-Estee campaign.
He came over to the Republican party
with promises of fidelity to the anti-boss
cause. There was opposition to his selec
tion as a County Committeeman, but his
rej>t-at«-d ;.n>'<-*»iions of loyajty to good
principles were accepted and he wa.s al
lowed to tako his seat in the committee.
He has proved to be a ready agent of the
corrupt bosses. Somehow he managed to
deceive H«-nry Stern, a decent citiren. ami
obtain.-- 1 ...< latter' » assistance in efforts
t," ..i ,..-:<le the will of the honest voters
• i the district. The election officers ap
pointed by «. majority of the committee
men in the district permitted the most
outrageous frauds to be i*erj>etrated at
the recent primary. The opium liends,
loafers and "hopheade" from the saloons
of the tenderloin were permitted without
» restraint t" vote the names of retractable
citizens. The false voting was openly in
favor of the K< jiy-Crimmins ticket.
The returning board will probably flnisn
tta w«rii m-n-itht. -The .credentials duly
ait«-«T»--l \,:\\ t,«? issued to all delepalea
who are entitled to organize the conven
tion. After the organization Is effected
other cuntf-sts may be heard. Repub
licans In th*- city and throughout the
State will be gratified to learn thai Kelly
and «'r:mrnins will not organize the con
vention or control its affairs, although th«j
bofj;<-.s r^nrtcd to repeating-', elufflr.g and
pmacfring of ballot-boxes and every
knomii device of fraud to gain such con
trol.
Credentials Ordered Issued.
The returning board met last night at
thf « "fiisuty Ontral Committee headquar
terp. Chairman Hillman presiding. Tin?
report of 'h* committee of five appointed
to hear contests was presented. A. Ruef
t-f \h>- ••'irritniite*' read the report and iv
wa* unanimously adopted. Following is
the report in full:
To the S;>ecial Primary Committed of the
It^7>uh!iran County Coramltt«. and to John R.
Hillman and Jamos A. Wilson, respectively,
chairn:an anJ Becrc-tary, thereof.
GcotteSMBl Th? undersigned, your sub-com
mi^t«' to whom were referred returns and con
t^Mr .,» th«- iirlmsry flM-iion hfld on August
-i. l'.«j". in thf \arlou» Assembly districts of
V.i« city ard rountjr of San Frantiseo, respect
fully report that they have carefully and with
conch i>atl»-nc«> hoard and conrldered all of FaM
rfTi^m.s Bn*1 f*ontt*sts sn<3 x***i>OPt t*i* j lr oonclu
-; • - u Minus:
* tl • n.atter of delrgates to the local, Judi
cial itud LectciaUra conventions your tommlt
tee MQMBOMBda that no credentials h«> t*»ued
to any d*i«-eat»Ti in the Twenty-eighth. Thir
tieth, TJiirty-»»iKblh. Forty -t*-o«m<i. Forty
third and Forty-fifth Afsembly dlnrlrts for
the n-aFcr. that nn rpturns <if any election nf
delefratui from any p art of raid diiitrictn ha*
b*-«-n made to your committee or to the county
oommitt.ee. ap provided In the call for mi'!
primary election.
Vour committee is informed that mch rr
tunih are or were in exiFtcr.cf. but that they
have f>MT withheld by the ofnr*r» of election
or by other [xTsms interested, ani there I.. Inn
no convenient method of enforcing their j.re
hentation, your comn.itt<»*» in unable to deter
mine to whom, if to anybody, credentials
.-.'.. •¦.'•! be issued for said dis-tricte.
In this connection your committee «'nul<)
reoonimen'l that a resolution be pupsed permlt
tintf the filme of *u?h returns from eaii <2l»
trirts at any time .prior to & o'clock p. m..
Aufuat 3fl. ISO", the same to be. considered im
mediately upon »uch niii.r. and if not »o filed
that the chnirman and ne<retary of the Itepub
lican County Committee be instructed to omit
from the rollrall *f fai<l convention all and
any <1el<-«-ate»= *to nald convention from such
AflmnMjr districts.
Delegates to County Convention.
THE excursion committee has com
pleted plans for the bay excursion,
•which Is to be the feature of the
celebration on Tuesday, September
11. The start will be made from the ferry
depot at the foot of Market street. The
route Is to extend as far south as Hunt
ers Point, where the great drydock will be
viewed: then aJong the water front, pass
in? close to Alcatraz Island, to a point
midway between Fort Mason and' Fort
Winfleld Scott; from there past Fort Ba
ker, Sausalito. Tiburon and Angel Island;
through Raccoon Straits, following the
Marin County shore to Point Pedro in San
Pablo Bay; thence through Carquinez
Straits to Mare Island navy-yard, where
the excursionists will be afforded an op
portunity to Inspect the workings of the
various departments. It is further ex
pected that the boats will be able to go
to Benicia and return via the Contra Cos
ta shore, passing Martinez, Port Costa,
Crockett and Point Richmond. Refresh
ments will be strved on board the various
steamers. A band will be on each
steamer.
Piedmont Parlor. N. D. G. W., has ar
ranged to celebrate with Piedmont Parlor,
N. S. G. W. The Native Daughters will
have as a float a counterpart of the ferry
steamer Piedmont. The float Is to be dec
orated with garlands, smilax and Califor
nia poppies. It will be drawn by four
white horses with harness of yellow satin.
George SI Miehling has been appointed
by Grand Marshal Costello to marshal a
division to be composed of five or six hun
dred children from tne advanced grades
of the public schools. Th > children will
engage In a competitive drill to be held
in Golden Gate Park during the celebra
tion.
Pacific Parlor has arranged plans for an
extensive celebration. The parlor will pa
rade 150 members in white duck uniforms
of naval pattern. It will be headed by
tne Third Artillery Band. The headquar
ters of Pacific Parlor will be at Odd Fel
lows* Hall. An informal dance Is to be
held In the headquarters on the night of
Saturday, September 8. Dancing is to
cease at 11 p. m. ami will be followed by
a "jinks" entertainment. Sunday will be
devoted to sacred concerts, the pro
grammes for v.'hich Include both vocal
and instrumental numbers. Following the
parade on Monday an elaborate banquet
will be served in the headquarters. The
subsequent hours of the afternoon will be
given over to a reception and to calls by
Pacific members at other headquarters. A
grand ball will be given by the parlor on
Monday night,
Alcatraz Parlor No. 145 of this city has
outlined an extensive programme for tho
celebration, as follows: Saturday after
noon, reception to visiting members;
evening, social dance; Sunday evening,
sacred concert; Monday morning, parade;
j afternoon, banquet; evening, dance; Tues
day afternoon, reception to Native
Daughters; evening, tall.
Alcatraz headquarters will be at Lnion
Square Hall, on Pout street, above Pow
ell. The name of the parlor in brilliant
electric display will mark the location of
the hall by night. Alcatraz Cave of the
Curly Bears will hold a session some
night during the celebration. Grand
Marshal Costello will be among the can
didates for initiation.
The naval parade committee announces
that a special prize will be awarded to
the best decorated square rigged vessel
which shall be in evidence on the nlgnt
of the big display. The committee re
quests that all persons having combusti
ble material to contribute to the bonfire
on the bay will communicate with Captain
A. C. Freese.
Henry L. Dodge, who was clerk to Ma
jor John W. Geary In 1850, has accepted
an invitation to participate in the pa
rade.
The celebration fund took a substantial
jump yesterday. Frank W. Marston
turned in J1S27 as the contribution of tho
restaurants with a siatemcnt that sev
eral hundred dollars additional would be
forthcoming from the same source.
Charles Fredericks turned in upward of
$S00 from the furniture and carpet deal
ers of the city.
Mayor Phelan waa present at yester
day's meeting of the executive council of
finance. J. R. Howell. chairman of the
invitation committee, took advantage of
that fact to present the Mayor with a
handsomely engrossed invitation to par
ticipate in the celebration.
In Ferry-Boat Float Native Daugh
ters Will Join Piedmont Par
lor in the Parade.
EXCURSION EVENT
FOR CELEBRATION
Returning Board Resolves That
Fraud Shall Not Prevail— Issue
of Credentials Ordered.
FIRM ATTITUDE
OF REPUBLICANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 30, ,1900.
SENATORIAL CANDIDACY OF
STEPHEN M. WHITE LAUNCHED
DEMOCRATS OF THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT REPUDIATE PHELAN'S AS
PIRATIONS.
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, THURSDAY, AUGUST 30, 1900.
10
6AJV FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Saa Francisco
Call. <s»rr.er of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— f27 Montgomery street,
corner Ciay; opon until 9:30 p. m.
?.0O Hayes etrect; cpen until 9:39 p. m.
C? McAllister street; open urtll 9:30 p. m.
eis Lerlcin etreet; open until 9:S0 p. m»
IT41 Mission rtrret; open until 10 p. m.
S261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
u:itll 9 p. cl
108 Ei»ver.th street: open until I p. ra.
109« Valencia rtreet; open until 8 p. m»
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtrf-tt; open until 8 p. m.
MEETING XOTICKS.
A REGULAR meeting of Ban <i-r*»
Francisco Con*l«ory No. L /^JVaWxA
A. and A . Sc ¦•.::>h ii;te of /^*!jK>tWKj\
Freemasonry, will be held In FfuJ3ti£^S^iA
Masonic Temc'.e on THURS- f^^TFT^W
DAY EVENING, August 00, r-^^w-^T
at S o'cloc:; sharp. Thirty- .^UjflJlT?^'
. lil^S'RT BURNER. "Vs^jV
Registrar.
MISSION Chapter Nr>. 73.JI. A. M.— ijT"
Social meeting THIS (TrTURSDAY)
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- /t>\
i>onio Temple. ?6C? Mission st. Royal *^^ >
Arch degree. Dy order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodgre No. 1. F. and A. •
M. ¦will me«t THIS (THURSDAY) «^V_
EVENING, Aaruft 80. at 7:30 o'clock. TC^f
Third degree. By order of the Master, f^w »
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Ledge No. 130, F. and A. 4t
M.— Special meeting THIS (THUR3-.A-
DAT) EVIiNINO at 7:5-3 o'clock. Sec- jZj£
cr.d decree. Fellowcraft Masons cor-'^r *
dlal'.y invited. By crder of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., m
121 Eddy st, will meet TO-DAY at 1:30^%
p. m. to otters the fur.eral of our late VV
brother, JOHN EMMERSON. Master /V>
Masons are Invited.
GEORGE FENLINGTON. Secretary.
DOKIC Lodire No. 216. F. ar.d A. M.— Jl~
6p«c:al meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING at 7:3» o'clock. First d«- jTzf
sree. Masnns are invited. By order #^r >
of the Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Seo.
FACIF1C Lodge No. 155, L O. O.
F. — Initiation THIS (THL'P.S- :§§££s!S&.
:->at> evening. -=">'>3*~gr
F. P. ASIHTOKTH. X. G.
FRANK D. MACBETH, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 156. I. O. O. <«5rtK^~
p.— Officers «r.i brothers will «-»- -S55S!Sfe
sexnble at the lodgeroom at S:30
a. m. FRIDAY to attend the fu- '«*»«'
neral of our late brother, SAMUEL B.
MATTHEWS.
FRANK P. AEHWORTH. N., a
rmyg I>. MACBETH. Secretary.
ST. ANDREWS Society cf San » \y>^
Francisco— Members are respect- liv3
fully recuerted to attend tie fu-
aeral of CAPTAIN 8. B. MJLT- t^ft
THEWS, deceased, from Odd Follows' Hall.
FRIDAY MORNING. August 51. at 9:*3
o'clock. WM. RALNAVES, President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of the Cale- v \y>j,
ioziiua Club are requssted to attend JV, %~bC72
the funeral of our late clansman, "^Xjfcs
Captain SAMUrX B. MATTHEWS. "«^«»
from Odd Fellows' Hall, at 5:45 a. m.. FRI-
PAT, Aujr. SI. 1S00. Intel merit Mountain
View Cemetery by 11 a. m. Creek boat.
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAlR. Secretary.
ETOCK HOLDERS' meeting— The California
I>rydock Ccmpany. — Notice Is hereby given
th&t e meeting or the stockholders of the Th«
Ct»iTomia DrydocJc Company will be held at
the office of paid ccir.pany. No. 302 California
FTreet, Fan Francisco, California, en THURS-
TiAT, Aapurt SO. 1900. at the hour of 11 o'clock
mining whetlier said corporation shall be dis-
solved, and of voting upon a proposition to
dissolve the corporation, and for the trans-
action cf rarh other business as may coma
tn?fore tbe meeting:- By order or the board of
C! rectors. W. F. RTJSSELL.
Swretary The California Drydock Company.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — Pursuant to
resolution of the board of directors, a meet-
ir.»j of the Ftockhol.ders of The Slme Company
•trill h<- held at the principal place of business
of said company, viz., rooms 36-37 of the Sth
floor, MillB building, Pan Francisco, Cal.. on
WEDNESDAY, the T.sr: day of October. 19C0.
at 1:30 o'clnr-k p. m. The object of the meet-
Ins: is to diminish the capital stock to.SSOS.
or 124 cents \*r *hare, and to transact such
other business as may ccme before the meet-
in*. ALBERT O. AIKEN, President.
I>ated Aupu?t 23. l?00.
PKMEL camp mee'inr. Beulah Park. East
Oakland, S«f.t. 1 to Sept. 16.
AGEXTS WANTED.
S1ZV> CAN be made during campaign season
pflilng our cairpaign ti^s; greatest Kellers
«-ver introduced; territory going; write imme-
diately; full line white and fancy -rubber col-
lars; irK-loee Ftamr>. Dept. C. M. & M. Mfy.
Co.. Sr>rlnsr<5<*!d. Mass.
AGENT?— D<> .you v.-ar.t something more profit-
able, bettrr and easier to fell than books?
Address F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
NEW n<>velti«"*= ; embossed bronze N. P. G. W.
souvenirs; large profits. 550 Misrlon st.
AGENTS of ability and experience in Ur<* insur-
ance. Call at room 101, 5*7 Market, cor. Sixth.
WE handle n<-w-<*«t novelties for agents. PA-
qnc AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 3461 18th ft.
1SPUALTIM ROOFING.
J. rKIVTTER. a«=pha!rum roofing, sidewalks;
cellar floors laid ar.'J repali-ed; send postal.
11^6 Mlsrir.n st. .
ASTROLOGY.
MME. mCKnr, astroloplst; get your horoscope
with full explanation c*f your future, Wet; card
r-ading and palmistry, fcc i:>33 Mifsion tt.
ATTORNEYS AT UW.
ADVICE frr*; fitvorce law a specialty; private;
no f»>* without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, SjO Market, cor. Stockton.
R. W. KING, attorney. S27 Market Bt.. room 627;
general practice; moderate fees; consult, free.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates.
collections. J. A." Mitchell. 3I< Montgomery.
ADVICE free: no charge unle«s successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, ?J7 Market «t.. opp. Mason.
L. E. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket Ft. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
Cl'STER, HERMAN J., attorney, S27 Market
rt.. r. g; open eve.. 7-9; consultation fr— .
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON l>. 4-panel folding: do<>r~opensTflrm
ar.d safe. \V. B. BROWN, gtn. agt.. 426 Ellli.
11OAH!)I\(. FOR CHILDREN.
ONE or 2 children to board; mother's care.
}{ox *i>ii. Call offlce.
lU'SINESS CHANCES.
A— tCOO— SALOON : clop- to new Hall~of Justice;
rent }3y; daily receipts, tii; a snap. Call K.
0. WILKE, 264 Koarry st.
A— S1000— PARTNER wanted in porter, stout
and Weiss teer brewery; investigate; a rar«
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26Vi Kearny »t.
A— J2300: STATIONEP.Y, notions and ice cream
parlors, connected with general agency of all
6. F. papers; also Funeral agency of 2 Eteam
laundries: no opposition in either line; rent
JI5;. in lively business town across the bay.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Bt.
A— $600; SALOON with » furnished rooms; rent
{49: place doing a. sood business and is sur-
rounded by warehouses and factories; com-
mercial lunch from 11 to 1 o'clock; a splendid
opening. Call R. G. WILKE, Mhk Kearny Bt.
A— J400; CORNER grocery and bar, with 4 llv-
inz rooms; rent J18: on Sanchez et. ; owner
rick In bed and must sell at once; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 2$^ Kearny Et.
A— 1!000: BAKERY, 2 blocks south of Market
tt. : : :.i"- • r-'.nl,. years; doing a rood business;
&:l store trade; rent MS; 1H to 2 barrels per
day. Particulars II. G. WILKE. 2$Vi Kearny.
A— tWO; CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
cstab. many years end doing a good business;
• rent $V); a first-claes proposition. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C*i Kearny st.
A— SToO; CANDY etore and icecream parlor In
Oakland: beautifully furnished and & No. 1
paying business; rent $60; owner compelled
hy ill health to retire. Bee R. G. WILKE.
26'.» Kearny st.
A— $12'iO; OLD-ESTAB. restaurant; close to
Chronicle bulldicc; average receipts about $60
I^r <?ay; rent $?;; a splendid offer; owner will
allow 5 days' trial. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^
K'-arny st.
$4^0— RESTAURANT; near 2 power-houses era-
j.loyingr 700 men; rent 112 T>0; with nice living
rxom*; a, money-making place. LANE & CO ,
B65 Market st.
For rent — Restaurant; good country town;
main street; 11 tables; chairs, range, fixtures;
running order; rent $20. LANE. 865 Mark-t,
pSCOSTOBB: established over 25 years; cen-
trally located; rent only $30 i«r month; will
b» sold for half the value of stock. Address
GOLDMCTEK. 1223 Green gt.
liARBCR chop in Martinez. Contra Costa
County; two good Koch hydraulic chairs and
. ebcp fixtures ; good business. Addrecs P. O.
• hux 251. Martinez. Cal.
I? ETC RING partner wiFhea to fell his Interest
In an old-established grccery and bar at in-
voice^
JISO-RESTAURANT; Beat 60 people; rant tlB;
complete; closed now; sickness. Key 12 Waeh-
l££tOB It.
BCSIXESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
A— $S60; HOME Kitchen; reoelpU $18 day; snap.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— $400; PARTNER wanted: 175 a month guor-
cnteed; call to-day. COWINQ. 719 Market st.
MILLINERY store, best on "this coast, for sale
this day. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st
$100— CORNER grocery and bar, with 4 living
rooms. 1111 Howard st., cornef Langton.
SALOON on busy street ; doing good business.
Particulars U. S. Brewery. 315 Fulton et.
RESTAURANT: heart cf city; don't fail; call
this day. COWING. 719 Market St.
COUNTRY hotel and livery stable; clears $300
month; cause, death. COWING. 719 Market.
NEW building — Snap for liverymen; the best
etand in Oakland for business; 2 entrances;
corner Clay and Seventh sts. ; 40 feet front by
100 on Seventh st. ; for carriage room 85xlJO on
Clay st.; 40 stalls; room for hay and grain;
alsr> room on Clay st. for stores or workshops;
low rent. Inquire S33 Clay et.. Oakland.
j CIGAR and stationery store; living rooms;
rood business; sickness. 2505 Folsom st.
SALOON for sale entrap; located In the Potrero.
154S Kentucky st.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale: location
one of the beat In the city: bargain; estab-
lished 15 years: rent cheap. For particulars
call at room 437. fourth floor, Parrott build-
ing, San Francisco.
FOR sale— Thriving butcher business In an In-
terior town. For particulars inquire at Pa-
olflc Butchers' Eupply Company, 770 Mission
rt.. San I'randeoo. •
$2600— COAL and feed yard and express busi-
ness; 4 horses and 5 wagons; good building;
living rooms; long lease; excellent chance;
good location. 2835 Sixteenth st.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; place Is entirely covered; contains 3
stalls: rent only $15; water fr»e. Inquire WM.
HENDR1CKSON & CO., 614 Call building.
A RARE business opportunity; an old-estab-
lished restaurant doing a large business; can
seat 150 people; reason for selling, owner hav-
ing other business. Box 4C38, .Call ofllce.
FINE location for shoe store In rapidly grow-
ing neighborhood; fixtures complete; 4 rooms;
rent reasonable. Northeast corner Third ave.
and Clement st. ; Butro cars pass door.
$lS00 — OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and
bar; good looailty; rent $45; must sell on ac-
count of poor health. Address box 4017,
Call office.
SAVINGS BANK DEPOSITORS! Send ad-
dress your benefit. X. Y.. box 4010. Call office.
EM ALL dairy for eale: $S0 per month. Inquire
T. H. POLK. 1002 S2d Bt. East Oakland.
OYSTER and chop house for sale cheap on ac-
count of elckness. Inquire at 6 Eighth st.
RESTAURANT established 10 years for eale;
reasonable. Inauire Call office.
OOFFEE and tea routes supplied from QEO.
W. CASTVELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10SG Va-
lencia st.
l,OD<;i.\fi-HlH>RS FOR SAI.H.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE......
' ROOMING HOUSES
CITY AND COUNTRY HOTELS
LODGING HOUSES
BOARDING HOUSES
FLATS
PRIVATE HOMES
..CITY AND COUNTRY REAL ESTATE..
STORES AND BUSINESS PLACES
ALL SIZES AND PRICES
. GIVE ME A CALL
I CAN SUIT YOU
For cash payments or exchange
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 793.
A — 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house; $30t> down, balance easy.. . 500
tO-room house; first-class 1050
80-room house; all newly furnished S10O
11-room house, $475. 6-rooni flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned; to buy or sell your lodg-
ir.g-house or furniture and secure satisfaction
writ" or call SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917
Market St.. above Fifth; tel. Mint 1911.
WE have buyers for good lodging houses from
' 15 to SO rooms; also for cheaper houses; If
you' want to sell rour house, call and see un.
EMERT & SMITH. 3 Eddy, phone Folsoml51!>.
$400 CASH will buy a good house downtown;
bal. easy paymnts. Emery & Smith, 3 Eddy.
15 ROOMS newly furnished: mutt pell $300
10-room flat; rent $32 50: bargain 350
C. D. DAVIS, room 69, 916 Market st.
<S ROOMS', mortgaged ;' only $600 cash $2400
63 rooms: finest houRe<Jn city: $3300: suit nice
family. C. D. DAVIS, room 69, 916 Market et.
A — ROOMING house; fine location; best bar-
pain ever offered. COWING & CO., 719 Mkt.
IF you want to sell your house quick for cash
eee SKIFF, 304 Montgomery Rt. * .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CARRIAGES A\D WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, tuggles, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN* & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AX A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping marron, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work &. driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
CARPET BEATIXG A.\D CLEAMSG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 3r.3-3£7 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 128; lowest rate3.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet -Beat Ins: and Reno-
vating Co.. 243 J*jurteenth St.; tel. Miesion 74.
CITT Swam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 28-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Putter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CON'KLIN'S Carpet-Boating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126. .:> ¦
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF'Y of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 333 Market gt.. S. F.
COTTAGKS TO LET.
COTTAGE: « rooms and bath; 262S Market, bet.
Sixteenth and Seventeenth: sunny side; $25.
COTTAGE 3 rooms and bath. 3S3S Twenty-
fifth st.; rent $8.
SUNNY cottage, 212H Perry St.; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN Sz. CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery at.
TO LET— Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; yard.
2303 Polk st.
$11 50— COTTAGE. 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 45S
Linden ave., near Hayes and Laguna ets.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium: advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites tb« separat-
ed; mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed., Frl.
eve'*; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
E13 Eddy, bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
HAVE WATSON read your hand; correct to
life; occult medium; 2Sc and COo; lucky and
true. 1581 Market St., near Twelfth.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night, convincing teat
6 o'clock. MRS. MAXWELL, 1233 Howard
St.; readings daily.
MRS. LESTER— Circle Sun.. Tuee., Frt. eves.,
10c; readings daily. L. 25c. G. 60c. 127 Turk.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Market.
MRS. KOTTER. 84 Sixth St.. circle to-day, 2 A
8 p. m. ; 10c; sittings daily; G.. Jl; L.. 50c.
T. P. MATCHETT will hold circle to-night, 8
o'clock; 10c; test to all. 132 Fourth st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. daily; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & carl
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life readings: ladiesaOc-;
gents *1; palm. & clalr. sit. Jl 50. 1*6 Turk St.
IPMAR, lh* Eygptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
Cth; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 11. 6th; German spokn.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future. 25o. 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
MME. 6CHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
tlttlngs dally. 212V& Sixth st.
MME. jm-GUST. clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 'Fourth St.
MME. EYRILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band s picture, 26c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell gt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY* 8 Agency-No charge un-
less successful. Room 810, 827 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates -our. specialty; gold crowns,
IS EO up: plates, extractions free, 14 SO up; of-
fice hours, t a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 8 to 2
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted; plates, full set, $5; fillings,
60c; crown, $3 EO. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 ath.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings extractions or fillings by my won-
derful eecret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students ; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.
CROWN and bridge work expertB; our work la
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest; call
and see our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere; beet o* references; examina-
tion free. DR9. PERKINS & DOVEY, 1018
Market «t., bet. Sixth and^Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $8; crowns, $3 W;
bridgework, $5: all the latest methods for
Sainless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
lodern Dental Parlors, 120C Market, cor. G.G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. EOc; gaa given. .
DR. ALBERT HILL, 850 Market, cor. Stockton,
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prices for best^work.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush--
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
BET of toeth without plate. DR. H. ti.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk st. *-
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Poat. Flllmore —
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating- factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&MofTatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 MltrkePstTTTlfe
scholarship, $50; includes shorthand, typing,
: bookkf>epir.g, telegraphy; day and evening.
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
: school for tbe university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. I'helan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art — Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE, Lyceum Theater School of Acting.
S1O-312 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand: if you want to
learn In a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room S3, Thurlow block, 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons; 8
moe. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR, expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur- i
vey, aseay, cyrnlde, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAX DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market. ]
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market et.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.,
S. F. : founded 1S63; SO-page catalogue free.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Lelpslc; lessons 75c. 220 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 3C5 Larkin—
All branches; thorough; positions secured.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; J5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School: modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Poat St.. near Powell; telephone Hush 133.
UNION Japanefie-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 37b.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powcll.nr.Butter; tel.lilack 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help fum.; tel. John 2121. 8C6H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Hest help. 411V4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED— By Protrstant lady, situation as
housekeeper In respectable family: good
care for children. Address MRS. B.. 68-76
Ellis st. j
RESPECTABLE and neat girl of *14 years old {
¦wishes a place to assist in light housework In
a small Catholic family; no children. 3S45 Oak
St., bet. 1 and 5 o'clock, Thursday. !
GERMAN girl v,i?he3 situation to do house-
work and plain cooking; wages $15 to '$16.
D02 Bush st.
WANTED— By the day or week. v dressmaking
and sewing by a pood, quick worker. Call at
517 Ninth st, Oakland.
COMPETENT girl wants any kind of work.
Address box 4021, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing or
houseclcanlng. SS Third St., room 9, j
WOMAN wishes position to take care of chil- !
dren or do light houpcwork or take care of I
an Invalid; good references. Cable Hotel, j
Twt-nty-eighth and Tiffany sts. |
DRESSMAKER, from the East, first-class cut-
ter, will sro out by the day; can make a suit
in one day. 1532 Polk st. V
FASHIONABLE dressmaker goes out by the
day. Address 1111 Sutter St.. room 39.
RESPECTABLE woman with a child desires
situation as working housekeeper in small
family; city or country; good manager. 616
Capi> at.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third et.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
MAN with 15 years' experience as manager of
one of the largest mills in the East wants a
position; understands all kinds wood-work-
ing machines and care of saws. Address box
, 2013, Call office, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS coachman for private family;
sober, neat appearance; well posted in the
city; good driver and worker; many years
with same employer; best reference. Address
R., Sausallto, Cal.
WANTED— By a thoroughly competent book-
keeper and office man, a position;, consider-
able experience in sale of goods; best city
references. Address H. W., box 4043, Call.
JAPANESE honest boy wants situation; cook,
help, housework, waiter. Address M. MIYA,
14 Sellna place, off California st. -
COACHMAN, first-class, all around horseman;
best of city and San Mateo references; young
man and stylish driver. Address box 4018.
Call office.
WANTED — Employment as practical nurse.
Address QEO. ROWE, 2624 Sutter at.
EXPERIENCED man; position of responsibil-
ity: cashier or collections; bond. Box 4013
Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands
horses, cows and garden; reference. Address
214 Third at., room tt.
COACHMAN, young Englishman, wants situa-
tion, or general work or gent's place; best of
reference. Address box 1699, Call office.
JAPANESE young boy wants a situation as
schoolboy In city. AddreBS Y. S.. 509 Sutter.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscriptlons has been established at 1096
« Valencia st. .¦- . .
| ETPRltT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasae. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
GOOD enterprises organized and flnancedVfrce
corporation pamphlet. Internat'l Finance Co.
(Lond.. N. Y.. Mex.), 40 Montg.. r. 17, S. F.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. E04«Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
10 TO 80 DATS FREE FLATS AND HOUSES.
1S90 Fell; f.. 10 r $55 53 Tr-m'nt av.; c 6 r.$20
1239 Leav'w'th; f. 9 r 40 I15V4 Elm av.; f., 6 r. 15
1694 Page; f.. 4 r 20 650A Jessie; f.; 8 r... 9
133S Webster; f., S r. 25 250 Tehama: f.. 6 r.V 10
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
CALIFORNIA. 2911— Sunny flat of 7 rooms and
bath, with large basement.
DORE. 257, off Harrison, between Ninth and
Tenth— Flat of 4 sunny rooms; $10.' ;
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window and bath: $12.
716 Natoma St.. between Eighth and Ninth.
PLATS TO LET.
FRANKLIN. 206— Nice, cleanT sunny flat of 4
rooms and bath. •
GROVE,' ass— Lower flat. 5 rooms and bath;
rent f!4.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOwKLL. 10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms and «t>ath; rent $18.
1S01 Vallejo st., between Polk and Van Ness
ave.- _^
POWELL and Chestnut— 3 fine sunny flat*,
8. 4 and 8 rooms, bath, each; rent $12. $14. $22.
SACRAMENTO, 1861— Flat of S rooms; «un all
day; rent $12 BO. ;.¦;>. ¦-. ",
BUNNY flat. 8 or 4 rooms and bath: furnished
or unfurnished; low rent. 941 Jackson st.
UPPER rear sunny flat of 4 rooms. 119 Leaven-
worth st.
$20— HANDSOME flatj choice location: warm
belt: splendid view. Ill Liberty, nr. Guerrero.
J16; INCLUDING gas and water; 3 unfurnished
rooms, with yard. 1023 Sutter st.
FLATS TO LIST — FCHNISHED.
FOR~rent and~BaTe^PartlaUy furnished flat of
three rooms; two large connecting rooms and
kitchen, with rear landing; good sink and
stationary washstand and bathtub; north
front; partial view of bay; two fireplaces,
stationary washtubs. Apply Sunday morn-
ing between 9 and 11 'o'clock at 2056 Jones St.,
near Filbert.
NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms to let cheap.
Inquire at 836 Fifth St.
FURXITtRB FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 60, with No. 7
: range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FL'RXITUIIE AVAXTED.
CHAs" LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
! Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1S05 Larkln ;tel.Polk 694;
; furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
J30C0 •worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WpLLPERT. 773 Mission st., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
AV. K. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses. Salt Lake City, fare here, call
early; waitress, Nevada, $25. see party here;
waitresses for Fresno. Watsonvllle, Modesto,
Madera, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, and many
others, $20 and $25,- many fare paid; 6 wait-
resses, city, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses, $7;
2 lunch waitresses, $3 E0, no Sunday work:
2 fancy ironers. country, $30 and board; 2
plain laundresses, $20; woman cook, $30, call
early
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nurse who does plain sowing, $25, country,
see party here at 1:30. C. K. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary St. .
NURSEGIRL, city, $20; nurse, Alameda, $20;
cook and second girl, same house, city; cook,
Berkeley. $30; nursegirl and do upstairs
work. t"0: 10 choice places, country. $20. $23;
25 housegirls, city, $10, $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary at '
WORKING housekeeper, small American fam-
ily, city, choice place, $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 Infant nurses, $25; 2 parlormaids
and waitresses. $25; 4 second girls, $20, $25; 3
hotel cooks. $30, $35; 4 cooks, $35, no wash;
hotel waitresses. $20: chambermaids and wak-
resses. $20. city and country; 175 housegirls.
$20 $25 city and country; 2 laundresses, $25
and $30.' J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
APPRENTICES on ladles' tailoring; must be
good sewers; paid while learning. G. FLAMM,
343.1 Polk St.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands; no others need ap-
Ply. G. FLAMM. 1435 Polk St.
BRIGHT errand girl, $3 per week. O. FLAMM.
1435 Polk Bt^
NEAT French or German girl for waiting, up-
stairs work and sewing; good wages. Apply
Thursday between 10 and 12 a. m. 2108 Broad-
way.
A LADY of indomitable energy possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity for right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott bldg.
GOOD city experienced makers wanted. Apply
to manager millinery department, Emporium
and Golden Rule Bazaar.
SCHOOLGIRL; neighborhood 25th and Valen-
cia; ,to anslst lady In housework after school
hours; light work; liberal pay. Box 4047, Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' wrappers
and waists to work In factory- 723 Market
St., room 35.
WAXTED-A girl for general housework and
also a middle-aged woman to take cara of
children. Call 2912 Clay gt.
INTELLIGENT woman to do light housework
for board and room and learn good profes-
sion. Hoover Hall, 1327 Market st.
A YOUNG girl to assist in light housework
for a good home and small salary- —At 635
Sanchez Bt., near Twenty-third.
GOOD strong young girl for second work and
wait at tabler city references. From 9 to 12
a. m., 2139 Pierce St.. corner Clay.
GIRL about 14 years to help with housework;
sleep at home. 344 Bryant st., corner Stan-
ley place.
WANTED— Competent girl for cooking and
general housework; no window washing. 1131
Ln^una St., corner Eddy.
GIRL for housework in panhandle district;
good wages; 3 in family; send address, with
references and wages expected. Box 4023, Call.
WANTED — A lady partner with small capital
on a chicken ranch. Address JOSEPH F.
KING. General Delivery. San Francisco.
GIRLS wiFhing to marry honest men write to
MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis St.; no charges.
FINISHER and apprentices on coats. 135',i
Natoma st.
TAILORESS on pants; first claas only. 903
Bush st.
EXPERIENCED operators on children's coats
to work in factory. 723 Market St.. room 35.
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear to work in
factory. 723 Market St., room 35.
FIRST-CLASS talloresa; custom vests; maker.
3 Hardle pi., oft Kearny, nr. Bush. rm. 7. 6 fl.
WANTED-20 girls to shell walnuts. Apply 123
Clay St., upstairs, between 8 and 10.
WANTED— A first-class waitress. 804 Mason
St.: wages $7 per week. . ¦ •.; '•¦¦*¦ r
FIST-CLASS vestmaker. 8H Antonio St.. oft
Jones, near Ellis; good wages: steady work.
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages $16.
1121 Greenwich Bt., near Hyde.
WANTED— Woman for cooking and general
housework; country; $15. Call 1842 O'Farrel.
GIRL for light housework; family of three. Call
after 10 a. m.. 1514 Vallejo st.
NEAT young woman for general housework and
plain cooking. .2047 Pine Bt. ~
GIRL wanted for general housework. 2327
Bush St., near Pierce.
A GIRL for general housework. Apply at 514
Devlsadero st. * •
GIRL to do plain ironing; bar coats; steady
..'Job. 251 Jessie st.. near Fourth.
WANTED— Experienced nurse girl.* Apply be-
tween 11 and 12 at 1453 Franklin st. ,
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 2
In family; wages $20. 1445 McAllister st.
WANTED— A woman for general housework;
wages $20 per month. 2906 Bush st.
GIRL 'or middle-aged woman for housework in
small family. 321 A Fremont' St.
GIRL assist light housework; sleep home. A>-
ply 1420 Washington st. _•
NEAT Klrl for housework and cooking; wages
$20. 1542 McAllister Bt. - ¦ ¦
WANTED— A girl for general housework. 100
McAllister st.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and housework;
wages $25. 617 Stelner st.. near Hayes.
REFINED German girl for upstairs work;'
waces $20. Call 1207 Gough St. ¦
AN agreeable American woman for general help
In family of 6: no children; no washing; no
objection to child under 3 years. Apply at 4499
Seventeenth st for information. . . - <
OPERATORS on muslin underwear: also learn-
era: steam Dower: constant work. G. W.
REYNOLDS, 597 Mission st., corner Second.
WANTED— A woman experienced' In teaching
who wishes to change her occupation. Box
4042, Call. '
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman to assist
' general housework In Berkeley; good home;
small wages. Box 4039, Call. / •
INTELLIGENT, -industrious girls wanted a*
Ftockkeepers and salesladies at millinery. 1323
Stockton st. , ¦'.*.;¦. ¦¦
APPRENTICES for hair work and hairdress-
ers wanted at G. LEDERER'S, 123 Stockton.
GOOD tailoress and apprentice at once. FASH-
ION TAILORING CO.. 233 Ellis st.
PANTS operators and finishers: also good sew-
ers: good wages. 872 Howard st. :
GERMAN' girl wanted; general housework;
small family; wages $20. 808 Turk st. ¦
WAIST hands wanted at 1111 .Van Ness av.
WANTED— Neat girl for light housework and
cooking. 2324 San Bruno ave. ; Folsom st cars. <
HELP, WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for; quick work.
Apply immediately to U. 8. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave., between Beventh
and Eighth its., off Folsom.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
CALIFORNIAN CANNERIES CO.. LTD.,
Brannan st.. between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted on shirts; young girls
taught; steady work; best pay. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery et.
APPRENTICES on ovsralis. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sta.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levi Strauss & Co.'s factory
S2\b Fremont St.; no experience necessary:
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
SALESLADIES, makers and machine operator
wanted; only experienced people con-
sidered. Apply to Manager Millinery Depart-
ment. Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
WANTED— Experienced lroners. Apply United
States Laundry. Sixteenth and Mlsglon sts.
RELIABLE waitress wanted. Apply 44S Third
street.
WANTED— A good finisher on pants at 935
Market st.. room 16.
A LITTLE girl for light housework; wages $8.
787 Stevenson St.. off Ninth,
A GIRL or woman to assist in homework'
plain cooking; $3. 312 Sanchez st.
WILLING person for housework; good home;
country; family of 2. Box 4009, Call office.
WANTED— An apprentice on dressmaking;
paid while learning. 623 Jones st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework; must be good cook; small wash-
lng; wages $25. 2061 Central ave.. Alameda.'
WAITRESS wanted at 426 Geary st. German
preferred.
LADY solicitors; proprietary preparation- ap-
peals to every woman. O. R. C, box 1696,CalI.
PRESSERS wanted on overshirts. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 17 Battery at.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom at., between 13th and 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
good pay. 27 Jessie st., fifth floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1036
Valencia St.
HELP WANTED— .HALE.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
1000 MEN FOR NEW R. R. WORK
20 l > teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters', Bakersfleld $2 a day
20 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
10 laborers, Coast road $2 a day
20 tunnel men for big tunnel, Chatsworlli
Park. Los Angeles County.... $2 to $2 50 a day
Ship daily Fee $1 Free fare
FOR S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK
CO laborers for rock crusher $1 90 a day
20 laborers, different divisions *l 70 a day
100 laborers, Surf, Santa Barbara Co. $2 a day
Ship daily Fee $1 Free fare
10 lumber pliers; 5 road makers, Santa Cruz
County. $2 a day; 6 laborers, quicksilver mine,
$30 to $40 and found: 7 coal miners, $2 50;
bandsaw flier, $100; stablemen, milkers and
others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 cooks, country hotels, $55 and JSO; 2 hotel
bakers, $45 and $C0; 2' restaurant cooks. $10
to $12 a week; 2 night cooks, $40 to $50; S
hotel waiters, country, $25 and $30; 3 porters,
country hotels, $20 and $25.
Head laundryman, $35; washer. $30; hanger-
up, $20; all for hand laundry, country hotel;
laundry man and wifa. institution. $60: laun-
dryman. institution, $40; 6 ironers, $30 to $40
and board.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt.
A — GARDENER and do Indoor work, private
place, city, $50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— MAN to take contract to pick SO to 100 tons
prunes, Santa Clara County, see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A — CO MEN, women and families to pick hops,
best wages raid; see party here 9 a. m.
C. R. HANBEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Cook and wife for nice country
hotel, Bhort distance. $50; night cook, $10 a
week; hotel cook, $50: cook for Mexico, $130,
fare advanced; short-order cook, $S a week;
baker on bread, $14 a week; helper on bread,
$25; dishwasher, $7 a week; dishwasher. $25;
2 waiters, hotel, $35; and others. j. If.
CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento st.
i GROOM or assistant hostler, family work, $30
and board: stableman, livery, $30; 10 boys for
box factory: driver for milk wagon, $35 and
found; harness cleaner. $45; driver for butcher
wagon; porter and driver, country hotel, $2d;
blacksmith for country, $3 to $3 50 day; and
others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sac-
ramento st.
3 DRIVERS for coal carts, $2 day; 20 laborers
for country, factory and warehouse, $1 80 to
$2 50 day; 20 laborers for railroad work, frte
fare; planer men, bench hands and cabinet-
makers, $2 DO to $3; lroner for country laun-
dry, $2 and board; 5 men to pick fruit, $2">; 2
vaqueros, $45; stout laborer for mine, $2 25 a
day; farmer nnd wife for dairy, $40; gardener
and wife, $60. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY.
62S 'Sacramento st.
BAND sawyer, $100 and found; circular saw-
yer, $3 50; band resawyer. $3; edgermen, $2 75
and $3 day; 3 screw turners, $2 50 day; band
saw filer, $100 month and board; laborers for
mill and woods and woodsmen of all kinds
at good wages. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY,
628 Sacramento st.
6 GRAPE pickers, $1 25 ton; near city. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY, 628 Sacramento st. !
WANTED
Driver for milk wagon, $35 and found; black-
smith helper, $1 60 a day and found; 6 men
for woods and sawmill and yard, J30 and
board and fare advanced; elevator man and
do Janitor work. $33; 4 milkers, country. $30;
cook for surveying party, $50; 4 miners, iz
a day and 3 laborers, same place, $1 75 a day,
part fare paid; screw turner, $G5. and car-
riage man, $40 and fare advanced.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay at.
WANTED
Free fare; free fare; 10 common laborers for
around woodsy sawmill and yard, winter's
Job. $26 and board: to go to-day. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay St.
A— HOTEL Gazette. 26 Montgomery St., room
12— Second cook, springs, $40; potwasher, $25.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. .Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Gentleman of neat appearance as
Insurance solicitor on commission only. Ap-
p'.y A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work inside by
the week. ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM, 1103
Market st.
WANTED— Four boys to learn a trade. Ap-
ply superintendent Thomas Day Company,
725 Mission »t.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
¦WANTED — Gardener for commercial place;
;must understand greenhouse work. Address
GARDENER, box 4049, Call office.
COATMAKER for country by REISS BROS. &
CO., 24 Sutter st.
COATMAKER ta ro to country. Call DET-
MER WOOLEN CO.. 643 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS barbers for city; wages $^.5 up;
steady Job. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 7th at.
ERRAND boy wanted at 230 Stockton st.
WANTED — Men for work In box factory. Ap-
ply 815 Brannan st. ¦
BARBER wanted at 26 Hayes st. y
CABINETMAKER wanted. 1942 Fillmore St.,
corner Pine.
OFFICE boy over 13; wages $2 50 per week.
Apply 603 Larkln et.
.WANTED — 4 good bench hands; good wares
California Mills. 30 Spear st.
BOY wanted to work in commission house
JACOBSON. 308 Davis at. •
LIVE man that understands keeping books for
real estate office; on commission. 4 Geary crt.
STRONG boy to learn glove trade. Standard
Glove Works. 577 Mission at.
DISHWASHER. 17 Washington st.
WANTED— Young German to work in a con-
fectionery. 1208 Polk st.
1 "? 0 — Rough carpenters to lay floor at
Bibb Lumber Company, , Beach st.
WANTED— Walter for Sundays. 435 Ellis st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
W 6S0 N Fou^n P " try CO ° k for re *taurant; »^
BOY to drive butcher cart; from Western Ad-
dltion preferred. 1612 Post st. ;
BARBER for every Saturday. 266 First St.
BARBER wanted; steady Job.- 825 Grant ave.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY St READY.. ..PHONE MAIN 6WS
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
?....\Vant 7 a. m. to-day
..WE SHIP FREE
• Men for all parts of California. Utah, Wash-
ington. Arizona. Oregon, Colorado. Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and office fee only $1
Special to-day to the following districts:
DUNSMUIR REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO MEN DOT A
Los Angeles.... and Santa Barbara districts
Reno (Nev.) and Truckee districts
Crows Landing and Newman districts
San Luis...... and Surf «li3trict3
Bakersfleld and Madera districts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
and other points .....good wages
WE SHIP FREE ..come one, come all
It only costs $1 fee and iw> other expenses
come see
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL AND OTHER HELP
Carpenters with or .without tools for large
mining: company, $3 to $3 50 day •••••
8 carpenters, company work Free fare
2 camp blacksmiths v J^
Blacksmith -helpers .' -*> 2
Timbermen. mining company I* day
Coopers bridge builders woodworkers
LOOK HERE FOR HANDY MEN!
Any man handy with hatchet will suit this
Job; 25 men to build flume. $30, $33. $40 and
found; long Job ••
FRUITPICKERS FRUITPICKER3
150 men and boys to pick all kinds of fruits,
gather almonds, etc. $26 and $30 and found
WE PAY YOUR FARE
And sfclD to the sawmills and woods 236 la-
borers for 23 different sawmllU. J2« to *40 and
found, anybody will suit; 95 woodsmen, mill-
men; also all kinds of planing mill help. $33,
$80. $55. $70. $50, $«. $30. $30 and found
364 woodchoppers, tlemakers, etc.. J3. $2 50. $2,
*1 and 75c cord, tools and food found
126 farm hands |35, $30, $23 and found
38 milkers and buttermakers....$ao. $25 found
Cheesemakers $35 and found
24 stablemen, etc $25, $J0. $60. $40. $30 found
16 hay balers. »3 day; also harvest crews....
364 laborers and teamsters. $2 50, $2. $1 75 day;
some board 'yourself home; boys for stores,
factories, etc., city Jobs. cabinetmakers,
woodworkers, carriagemakers. bridge build-
ers, etc.; come see ."
Screw turner, sawmill company, see boss here
Edgerman, tallyman, sawmill company
25 wood3men. Santa Cruz County, $32 50 and fd
Sticker hand. $3 50 day Planer. $3 a day
Matcher. $3. a day Machine man. »3 a day
TO SONOMA CO.
J Bniper; line pullers and fetter for sawmill co.
Also Jackscrewer and setter on carriage
TO THE MINES. ...GOLD, SILVER & COAL
60 miners, single hand and machine.. $7i & J9<»
Married furnace man 165
150 laborers, different mines. In all parts of
California, no experience necessary, J30 to
$50 arid fd
CITY WORK— 10 laboring men. no experience
required, anybody will suit. J30 and fd
FOR SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
25 laboring men to pile lumber, large saw-
mill company $S2
Farmers and wives and men and wives for
private places $40 and fd.
Youns man drive milk wagon, $20 to $25 fd.
ALSO HUNDREDS OF OTHER POSITIONS
NOT ADVERTISED, COME SEE
Also get our latest lists.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— HOTEL ..RESTAURANT.. LAUNDRY Help
32 cooks, city and country, $33 to Kfl and
found; also short order and night cooks ¦
Second baker, country shop $40 and found
15 waiters, city and country
$25 and $20 and found
Bakers and helpers, $40, $35 and $30. $00 and fd
Washers, starchers and lroners for laundries
Butchers pantry men hanily
men for institution, etc: lunch man for cafe.
$50 and board; S cooks, different ranches.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL
6 carpenters, Napa Co., $3 day, see bos9 here;
brick setter and wheelers for brick yard
I'lanerman. larse sawmill company. $S5, see
boss here; donkey engineer; also head donkey-
man for the woods; man to shingle barn3,
country Job
PACKING-HOUSE WORK
12 men for large fruit company to pick fruit,
work in packins-house, dry yards, etc
$30 and found, long Job
MURRAY & READY. 634-63S Clay st.
A— LOS ANGELES and Santa Barbara Dis.
COMPANY 'WORK No contractors
FREK FARE FREE FARE
DO R. R. men $3 day
We ship free
MURRAY Sc READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A — EXPERIENCED stenographer and type-
writer for a Government position. Apply to
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A — BRIGHT boy for our office; one who knows
the city and lives with parents. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— First-class barber; guaranteed $12.
847 Flllmore st. .
BOY wanted at 1125 McAllister »t. ; call be-
tween 7 and 8.
SALESMEN to sell the official flags for N. S.
G. W. celebration. Apply 513 Mkt.. 1st floor.
WILLING boy to learn drug: business; state
age. Box 4051. Call office.
STRONG man to help In baker shop; must
have experience. 9UH Larkln St.
WANTED— A tobacco stripper^ 25 81xth St.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — An experienced apprentice on gents*
coats. C3 Harriet st.
WANTED— Porter for mornlnff. Call after 11
a. m.. 1001 Valencia st.
LUNCH waiter. 434 Fifth st.
GOOD waiter for French restaurant; does not
have to speak French. 25 Taylor st. >. -.:..* •"
WANTED — Small errand boy. Room 88. Flood
building, /Fourth and Market sts.
WGOOD cook; restaurant; no Sunday work. 119
Drumm st.
WANTED— 20 youne men to work In box fac-
tory. 815 Brannan St., near Seventh.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop for sale; termb
easy. Address box 4045, Call office. .<..;.-
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States; of good character and
temDerate habits, who can speak, read .ana
write English; recruits are specially desired
for service In Philippines. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 25 years; not less than 5 feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cat, 530 K St..
Sacramento, Cal.. or 1053 J St.. Fresno, Cal.
YOUNG man of good .family; must be well
recommended; for Jewelry store; open even-
Ings: must understand bookkeeping and be
quick at figures; permanent position: state
references and salary expected. Box 4006.
Call office.
TWO sticker and two matcher hands In San
Francisco manufacturing establishment;
steady employment year round to suitable '
men: wages $3 to $3 50. Box 4007. Call of nee.
TAILORS— Coatmakers wanted for the country.
Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.. Market and
Second sts. :
NEW froods; quick- sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. . THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building.
BARBERS— First-class 5-chalr shop and 8 bath
tubs for sale cheap: going, to Silver City. N.
M. Inquire Call office.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman for city
store, open evenings: state references and sal-
ary required. Box 4033. Call office.
WANTED- Laborers and mechanics to Vnow
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
APPRENTICE boy by a ladies' tailor, to learn
trade complete. 2107 Fillmore st.
YOUNG man to drive butcher wagon. $25 a
month and found. 331S Mission st.
B0 FIRST-CLASS waiters for Sept. 9. The Im-
perial, 220 Powell st.. rooms 1 and >.
WANTED— Young butcher. People's Market
corner Sixteenth and Noe sts.
a '
BOY In printing office. Room 47. 819 Market st.
WANTED— Good barber: steady Job SAM
WITT. 2313 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
BARBER shop; in good mining town: good
business. Inquire 1500 Howard St., S. F.
PANTS pressmen wanted at S. N WOOD St
CO.'S, 27 Geary st.
SECURITY deposit put up for street railway
employes. SHALMOUNT. 14C6 Pine. 2-4 p. in.
WANTED— Steady man. with small capital:
permanent place: will pay $65 per month
year round; light work. 1016 Market st.. r. 10.
DENTIST wanted at room 11. 10C5 Washing-
ton.st.. Oakland; graduate or licentiate.
BARBERS— Paying 5-chalr shop; bargain; ac-
count departure. Inquire Call office.
JEWELERS— 32S Bush St., -third floor, room 4.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S F.
Barber College. 741A Howard tt.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooma 15c to 25c night; 76c to $2 per week.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc— For S«l«
41 HOR3ES for sale; also wagons, bugytes,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
73 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle hordes:
also pneumatic and rubber-tired bUgsles;
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 How-
ard gt. | . ¦
NEARLT new modern Victoria, with 2 beauti-
ful black horses, silver mounted harness an I
Hvery: big bargain. Room 68. Donohoe blilz.
FOR sale— A good carriage team: 18 hands
¦high; cheap. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
FAMILY cow and calf for sale at 710 Eran-
nan st. v '
BEAUTIFUL buggy or carriage team: bays;
wpII bred. 2536 Market st.
HOt'SES TO L.ET. '-'¦
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. II. UM BSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1512. nr. Octavia— 6 rooms, bath.
laundry; marine view; rent 120.
HOUSE to let. Metcalfe place, oft Geary st.,
between Mason and Taylor.
LAGUNA. 1511— House of 6 rooms, bath; gas;
yard; rent reasonable.
SUNNY house. 8 rooms, bath, yard; rent *35.
water free. 13) Bush st.
WILLOW ave., 720. bet. Buchanan and Webster
—^ rooms; rent S3; all modern improvements.
$12— SUNNY cottajre. 5 rooms and bath. Apply
3eS0 22d st.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
JS— HOUSE. 5 rooms; best, cheapest, healthiest
for money. 1SS7 Kearny, near Greenwich.'
$40. FORMERLY J00; house. S large rooms,
complete; lawn. etc. 1913 Sutter st. '
IIOCSE8 TO LKT-Fl KV1SI1EO.
COMPLETELY furnished house. S rooms and
bath; ?25. 1311 Hayes st.
IX V EST Al ENTS.
SAFE and sure; an excellent opportunity for a
man of means to turn his money rapidly. De-
tails fully explained and thorough lnvestlga-
tlon solicited at 46S Eighth gt.. Oakland.
LOST A>O KOO'D.
FOUND— Lady's watch and chain In our «tcr»
Monday. Owner prove property and redeem
same at HALE BROS.. Inc.
FOUND— Male greyhound. Owner can hane by
calling at 3397 Seventeenth and pay expenses.
FOUND— St. Bernard dog. Owner can have
same at 901 Valencia st.
MEDICAL*
D^TandMSRsTDAVIES. 12C3 Market st.— Reli-
able ladies' and gents' specialists; 32 years',
practice; have treated thousands of cases sue- .
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at. of-
fice; ladles treated can return home th« same
day; try the celebrated H1NDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections: perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular. ,
""MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-icnown and reliable
ladles' specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. tZ; positive cure;, home for patients be-
fore and durtnsr confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confldtntlai.
448 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.'-
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world- renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In Kan Francisco for years; treated thou-
tan'ds of cases successfully; treatment can b«'
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1G23',± Market st.
DR3. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure J5; have treated thousands of cases wltb
success; 15 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. MMT'i Market st.. near Sixth.
A — NEW process; great proa^ess In medicaj
science; every woman her own physician; ho
medicine or pills u;>ed; can be used at home.
DR. POPPER. 313 Keamy st.
NO TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, canc»r, catarrh, etc. ; all diseases treat-
ed; send far testimonials; advice free. Sanl-.
tarium. 704 Sacramento »t., corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yrs .' "
practice: home In confinement; treatrnent at
office, to; any ailment; consultatlcn fre*; con-
fidential. 942 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
ist: home In confinement: safe' and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER-Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE — The only genuine ladles' spectallst.
Office 1118 Market Bt.
DR. WON'O HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 11." Mason it. t
MIXES AMD MIM.NG.
LADY having valuable mining' property In Mex-
ico would like to dispose of interest in respon-
sible parties; no promoter*. Box lflr<5. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS FOU SALE.
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-137 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counter*,
linoleum.' new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everythine in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 102. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue. -
SOLID gold. 14-karat. fine stem-winding How-
ard watch for J42 EO: will cost in any first-
class jewelry store JS5. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
. Grant ave. ?¦ j**». _^
A— BUYS, sella or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. S8 Spear St.
STEEL tanks, all sizes; suitable for water or
oil: cheap; all shapes; second-hand. H. 3.
WHITE. 518 Mission at.
A— 100 H. P. /engine, boiler, two drill air cora-
pressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont at.
A— $3 W DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 320 Kearny St.. near Plna.
THOROUGHBRED fox terrier eleven months
old;- house broken. Box 4022. Call office.
EO YARDS cf lcam for sale. 1823 Fifteenth it.
A 4-H. P. HERCULES gasoline engine: rreat
bargain: guaranteed. Epstein. 533 Mission st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for 12 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
A NEW McDowell garment drafting machine
for sale cheap. 131 Post St.. room 20.
A LATEST Improved cash register; almost
new; a bargain. 423 Sutter st.
2D-HAND photofrraphic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flro and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st :
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
5D-HAND gasoline and steam engines, lathe*".
etc.; general machine work. 137 Beale st.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants. K 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: teto
model: cheap. Typewriter Ex«*ange. 409 cal.
EDISON concert phonograph: rert u °,' e<1 o _ I^ r '^?*
t75; concert records. II 50. Baclg»mP<- 933 M<t.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 BeaJe.
2D-HAND fire-proof sa.V: 1 nre and burglar
proof safe; cheap. 42 Main_st.
MAGIC lanterns, new M*"].^* 1 "*: 1^
pictures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Poat at.
SAFES— New and »«-ond-hand- JHE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Vow and second-hand: all Sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. W-IU Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS^ WANTS.
WAVTED-SMALL safe: must be m.good or-'
derVchSp. Box 40=0. Call of nee.
t inirs- «nd tents' cast-off clothing bought &
s^d. Sllvermln? 9M Folsom; tel. Fohom 1131.
k-t ri\* still pays beat price for clothing, brtc-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie HI.
iv vmi wish full value for your cast-off clothln?
cal? on a CQHE.V. 137 Third: tel. Clack 4123.
MOMJV TO LOA5.
AVY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate-mortgages and legacies bought: no 'e-
lav ret my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16. first rtoor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal .quick •
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooma
6S and 69, Donohc-e building. li:a Market st.
ON real estate. 1st and Ind mortgagor and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. IS Montgomery!
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds!.
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. in SixthS
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
loans 77777777."
••••• - SALARIES AND FURNITURE
O. H. HARSHBARGER. 322 Ellis, room 34.
M £??J r loa » ed salaried people without securtttr.
HTLu r. 44. Merchants* Ex., 431 California. .Shipping Intelligence.
THE WEEKLY CALL
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, August 29.
U S stmr Thomas, Buford, 29 days from Ma
nila via. Yokohama 16 days.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 86 hours from
Itmr* Newsboy. Hlggrlns. 15 hours from
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, 76 hours from
Stmr' Coos Bay, Nopander. 78 hours from
Stinr'westport," Ericsson, 16 hours from Bear
Stm/'NewburK. Peterson, 70 hours from Oraya
Sohr Glendale, Falk. 13 days from Tacoma.
Schr Reliance, Larsen, 18 hours from Bowens
Lrfindlnc. .
CLEARED.
Wednesday. August 29.
Stmr City ol Puebla, Japsen. Victoria; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Jap Btmr Hongkong Maru. FUmer, Hongkong.
' Bark .vlerom. Peder»en. Karluk; Alaska Pack
ers' Association.
SAILED.
Wednesday, August 29.
Stmr Seauola, Wlnkel, .Fort Bragg.
,Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. Victoria.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. - — .
Stmr Brunswick, Ar.dresen. Eureka.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer. Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, Blhlera Point.
Schr LUzle Prien, Hansen. ' Sluslaw River.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson. Coqullle River.
Bark Merom. Peterson. Karluk.
Schr Newark. Beck. . • - •
Schr Monterey. Beck. Crescent City.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 29. 10 p m— Weather
hazy: wind NW. velocity 16 miles. .
SPOKEN.
Per schr Robert Lewers, at Port Townsend—
Auk IS lat 45 15 N, Ion 15 19 W— Ship Hecla,
from Oyster Harbor, for St Michael. . _.v.«
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Augr 23— Stmr W H Kru
cer for Sau Francisco.
ST MICHAEL— Arrived •Aue 14— Ship Char
mer from Oyster Harbor.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aus 29— Stmr Rival.
"HONOLULU— Sailed Augf 17— Bktn Newsboy,
for Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Au* 28— Br bark
Low Wood, for" Chematnus. •_
Arrived Aus 2S— Br ship Clan Mackenzie, from
Yokohama; Br stmr Goodwin, from Victoria;
schr Robert Lewers. from Honolulu.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Aug 25— Schr Spo
kane irom Port Gamble. ' *
, Sailed Aug 29— Schr Marl* E Smith, for San
- Arrived Aug 2»-Schr
Challenrer, from Seattle. ¦
bailed Auk 29— Br bark Ivanhoe. for Callao.
VENTURA— Arrived Auk 29— Stmr Despatch.
fr 8alled e Aus O 29-Stmr ¦Despatch, for — -.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 29— Stmrs Se
quoia and Noyo. hence Aug 23. ;
ALBION— Sailed Auff 2S— Schr Jennie Wand,
f °ArrTved Aug 2S— Schr Fortuna. hence Aug 23.
ELK— Sailed Augr 29— Stmr Alcazar, for Port
SEATTLE— Arrived' Aug 2S— Stmr Tacoma (no
28-Stmr Cottage City, for Sttka;
Btmr Humboldt,- for Skaguay. -
-PORT BLAKELEY-Arrlved Aug 23-Bark
Oreson, from Victoria. '. _ -- ¦ ',
ASTORIA— Arrived Augr 29— Br ship Deccan.
fr Arrived m A 1 ug 29— Stmr .Fulton, hence Auy 26;
Danish ship Jupiter^ frpm^Tslntau.
Sailed Aug 29— Br bark Nithsdale, for Queens
.-Arrived Aug 13 — Nor stmr Thyra^ hence Au
gust 27. ' . •
EUREKA ~ Arrived Aug 29— Stmr South
Continued from Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
RINGLING BROTHERS'
CIRCUS IS COMING
The Big Hippodrome and Menagerie
Is Billed to Show Here Next
Month.
Local Bhowgoers will shortly have an op
portunity to get acquainted with a big
show that has never exhibited in this city,
but which in other sections of the United
States is regarded as the leading arenic
institution now before the American pub
lic. For several years past those who
make it a business to watch the trend of
things theatrical have regarded the rise
and growth of Ringling Brothers circus
with astonishment, and wonder has often
been expressed that the show has not
made its way^lo the Pacific 'Coast. Two
years ago it was expected that the show
would come to San Francisco, but the ne
gotiations fell through and the trip was
abandoned.
This year, however, all arrangements
have been completed for a tour of the
country from coast to coast. The show
has now reached the North Pacific Coast,
and after playing at Seattle, Tacoma and
Portland will come almost direct to San
Francisco. The engagement here is for
eight days, and will be inaugurated
¦Wednesday. September 19. with what Is
declared to be the most brilliant free
street parade ever organized by a circus
management.
This parade is In thirty sections, each
complete in itself, and is nearly a mile
and a half in length. The performances
which follow are on an unusually elab
orate scale. The exhibition is given in a
great hippodrome pavilion, with seats for
18 0)0 persons. There are three rings, two
stages, a vast aerial space and a quarter
mile hippodrome track. The circus com
pany numbers 300 high class performers.
The menagerie includes twenty-five ele
phants, twenty camels and many rare ani
mals infrequently seen in captivity. A
military spectacle and a revival or the
exciting Roman hippodrome races add to
the interest of the exhibition.
General Shafter received a telegram
'yesterday from the Secretary of "War di
recting him to- send 255 men from the re
cruit camp at the Presidio tt> the follow
ing commands: Forty to tfi% Third Cav
alry, thirty to the Fourth Cavalry, ten ,
to the First Artillery, fifteen to the
Fourth Artillery and i ?rty each to the
Fourth, Nineteenth, Twentieth and Twen
ty-second Infantry. The men are at pres
ent in fair shape for active duty, most of
them having been in the camp for weeks
undergoing daily drill in tactics and tar
get shooting.
Samuel Black, a recruit prisoner, es
caped yesterday morning. He had re
ceived a letter containing money early in
the day, and a short while after applied
to the guard to be taken out for exercise.
Another prisoner made the same request,
and they were both sent out under guard.
Black awaited Ms opportunity and en
tered one of the houses near the camp,
sneaking for the hills through the rear.
The guard was called out and a thorough
search instituted, but Black made good
his escape.
Captain Frank Crenshaw, who juat be
fore his death at his home in Atlanta, Ga.,
charged the doctors and nurses of the
general hospital with treating him with
cruelty and neglect, is remembered here,
as a volunteer officer suffering from a
bullet wound in the head, who was par
ticularly well treated on account of the
severity of his injury. His right side
was paralyzed, and at times he became
almost a maniac and required a great deal
of attention. He was probably not in full
possession of his faculties when he made
the charges. "i;
The corrals and stables at the Presidio
are tilled with animals. Colonel Marshall
has had a most successful trip and has
secured a fine lot of horses and mules. A
consignment of 100 mules is expected from
the neighborhood of Stockton this even-
n Battery O, with Its large guns, left the
Presidio this morning and will take sta
tion at Benicia.
Daily Drill Has ,Fitted Them for
Field— Escape of Prisoner—Cap
tain Crenshaw's Charges
Denied.
Over Two Hundred Assigned
to Cavalry, Infantry,
and Artillery.
ORDERS MANY
RECRUITS INTO
ACTIVE SERVICE
Coast, hence Aug 27:.»chr Bertie Minor, from
Honolulu; stmr Eureka, hence Aug 2S; schr
Olga. hence Aug 14.
Sailed Aug 23— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco; schr H C "Wright, for .
OLYMPIA— Arrived Aug »-Schr Jos Russ,
from Port Townsend.
PORT GAJtBLE— Arrived Aug 29~:Schr Ethel
Zane, from Port Ludlow.
Sailed Aug 23— Schr Orient, for San Pedro;
Bchr Letltla. for San Francisco.
FISHERMAN'S BAY— Arrived Aug 28— Schr
Bender Bros, hence Auc 17. '
BOWENS LANDING- Sailed Aug 23— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
USAL-Salled Aug 28— Nor stmr Tltanla, for
San Francisco. .
g^JS: EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Atig 2S — Ship
Henry Vlllard. from Hllo.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 2S— Stmr Hudson,
for Colon. ; Y .
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI- Sailed July 23— Br ship Pyre
nees, for Tacoma.
FALKLAND ISLAND-Salled Aue W-Ship
P N Blanchard. for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL-Arrlved Aur 2S— Br bark Lyn
ton. hence April 6.
GALWAY-ln port Aug 15— Br ship Merioneth,
for Swansea. _
HONGKONG-Sailed Aug 25-Stmr City of
Rio, for San Francisco.
TOCOPILL.A— Sailed Auc 1— Br ship Glenogil.
for Vancouver.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Aus 29— U S stmr Han
cock. for San Francisco.
KOBE-Arrived Aug 2»-Br atmr Pak Ling,
from Seattle.
NANAIMO— Sailed Aug 2S— Nor stmr Tltania,
for San Francisco.
... OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 2»-Stmr Ems.
from Genoa, etc..
r Sailed Aus 29— Stmr New York," for South
ampton: stmr Majestic, for Liverpool: stmr
Friesland, for Antwerp.
Arrived Aug 29— Srtnr Kanamanta. from Mes
! slna and Naples.
i KOBE— Arrived Au* 23— Stmr Pak Ling, from
Pujet Sound.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 23— Stmr Corin
thian, from Montreal.
LOXDON-Arrlved Aug 29-Stmr Mesaba,
from New York; stmr Arcadian, from Mont
real.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr -Lauren
tian. from New York. , *
QUEENSTOWN-Salled. Aug 23-Stmr Ulto
nia, from Liverpool, for Boston.
MOVILLE— Sailed Aug 23— Strar Lake Cham
plain, from Liverpool, for Montreal.
BREMEN— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Kalserln
Maria Theresa, from New York, via Cherbourg
and Southampton.
BOSTON— Arrived Aug 29— Strar Arvenla.
from Liverpool.
CROCKHAVEN— Passed -Avsr 29— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, for Queenstown and
Liverpool.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 30, 1900.
11
HENRY J. GALL AGHER: CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher). "¦
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AKD EMBALMEBI
f ¦ — : 20 Fifth 6 1., opposite Lincoln School. -
Telephone South SO/
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Julius G. Gomez. 33, 1012 Mason street, and
Jovlta Padilla. IS, 1012 Mason street. '«**;.g)Si
Arthur Cohnreleh, 29. 751 Eddy ¦ street, and
Lena Friedman. 21, 1104 Kills etrect.
Ferfiuson Owen. 25. 113 Cedar avenue, and
Elizabeth M. Bruns. 20. 2503 'Folsom street.
Christian A. Walton, S5, Petaluma, and Eml-
lie Raisch. 24, Faulner, Iowa.
Edwin R. Waterman. 39. 1S33 Polk street, and
Grace E. Morton. 23, Berkeley.
Henry R. Cheda. 2G,' Point Reyes, and Irene
Cheda. 22. Point Reyes.
Frank L. Mlddleton, 26, Anaconda, Mont.,
and Marie McCbristain. 21, city.
Joseph Ecker. 29, Grayson, ' and Ann E.
Brown, 27, Grayson.
Antone H. Galll. 30. 1711 V4 Mason street, and
Mary J. Hartley, 19, San Joso.
Edward P. ' Dell, 25, 21 Taylor street, and
Florence L. Henry, 21. 629 Noe street.
George W. Kenny. 29. 314 Gough 'street, and
Mollle O'Connor. 27. 205 Diamond street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the .publication of flees and be
Indorsed with the name and residence ' of per-
sons authorized to have the same -published.
BORN. '
HAMILTON— In this city, August 10, 1500, to
the wife of J. C. Hamilton, a son.
BONN— ROBIN— In • this city, August^ 26, , 1900.
by the Rev. M. - S. Levy, Achllle Bonn and
Stella Robin, both of San , Francisco.' v, .\ - »,•
DONALDSON— REEVKS— In this city, August
10, 1900, Cantain William Donaldson and. An-
nie Eliza Reeves,' both' of San Francisco.
GRIFFIN— KRACKE— In this city, August 27,
COHFAONIE GENERALS TBAN"3ATLAMTIQC2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,**&-
Paillnjc every Thursday, instead of ¦*^ftjTQ
Saturday, from November 2. 1SD9. at"*" 1 ¦* I
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. L'AQUITAINE. Sept. 6; LA
BRETAGNE. Sept. 13; LA LORRAINE. Sept.
20: LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept 27. First class to !
Havre. $S2 50 and upward. Second class to I
Havre, $55 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on i
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR |
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 22 Broadway
(Hudson butldlne). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Ftrst and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m .
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. Xo cargo received on board on day
of salllrcr.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September 52. 1*V»
SS. AMERICA MARU. .Wednesday. Oct. 17, 1300
Via Honolulu. j
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For |
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
TV. II. AVERT, General Arent.
AMERICAN LINE.
CTWT0KK. 8CUT**M1»T0!I lOWDOT PAHli
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul '. Sept. 5|St. Paul Sept. 28
St. Louis Fept. 12|St. Louis Oct. 3
New York Sept. WNew York Oct. 10 :
RED STAR LINE.
New York ?nd Antwem.
From New York Every 'Wednesday. 12 noon. . {
Southwark Sept. olNoordland Sept_is :
Westernland ...Sept. 13| Friesland Oct. 3
KenBlngton — Sept. 19 Southwark Oct. 10
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
OCEAJflC S, S. CO.-HONOI.rLU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S S. MARIPOSA (via Honotulu) to New
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Sept. 5. 3 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, Sept. IS, 2 p. ra.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., ,u Montijo.-nen 1
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Otflce.32? Market SL i
— I
1/nOlinO I IMC HATHOR ....5I0O tons
KlINmllN LINt OCTA VIA.... 7000 tons
ixUUIIIUU kllik nrxoR «(« tons
— ABYDOS «00 tons
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamrfurg.
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
S S. Tanls. 4500 tons, sails about September 5.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st. Pier No. 7.. Freight office.
327 Market st.. San Francisco. -;. ,- |
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMERS.
(FOR U; SMYY YArTaNiT VAlLEJflL
Steamer "Montlcallo."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. rn. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Misslon-ctreet Dock.
Pier No. J. Telephone Main 15CS.
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SANTA I?E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MAP.KKT-STREET FERRY.
Lcavs: Overland: Dally for Chlca- Arrtv»f
10, Kansas City. Denver
and all Eastern points.
El Paso, City of Mex-
ico, Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Ariz.. Bakersfleld.
• a. to. V leal la. Tulare, Han- i p. m»
ford. Fresno, Merced/
Stockton. Anttoch. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
•rs to Chicago Dining
car between Stockton
and Bakersfleld.
Stockton Local: For San
4:10 p.m. Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay 11:05 a.m.
Point, Cornwall. Antl-
. och and Etockton.
Bakersfield Local: For San
Pablo, Pinole. Mulr. Bay
.¦ Point. Cornwall. Anti-
S p. ro. och. Stocktcn. Merced. S a. ro.
Fresno, Hanford. Visa- ,
Ha. Tulare and Bakers-
fleld. Sleepers to . Fresno
- and Bakersfleld.'
TICKET OFFICKS: «S Market at.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market St.. San Francisco.
111S Broadway, Oakland.
Leave I in Erreet. Arnv© ¦
Ban Francisco. [Apr. IS. 1300. | San FrancJscot
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Weelc
Days, f days, f Destination.] daya. | Days.
T:30am 8:0C am Kovato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
J:3O pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:03 pm 1:1:25 am
6:U pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:33 pml 8:20 pm
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. 10:23 ara
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyserwille.
8:30 rm 8:C0«m Cloverdale. 7:33 pm «:J9 pm
T:30am I Hopland I 110:25 am
1:30 pm 8:00 am[ and Ulciah. | 7:55 pm! «:2a pm
"T:30am| " J10:25»aia
S:CO am Guemevtlle. 7:33 pm!
1:30 pm| I «:tO pra
T:30am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am' S :49 am
and !
5:19 pmf 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1:05 pmf l:9> pn
7:30 amj J:CO ami 10:40 am!10:J3 am
1:30 pm! 5:00 prnf SehastcpoL 7:35 pm, «:20 pm
6ta<r>»s connect at Santa Rosa for Mark 'West
Bprtnjrs and White Sulphur Fprlngs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skages Springs: at Clov«rda!<»
for the Oeysers: at Hodand for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Sprtnrs, KelseyvUle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah fcr Vichy Spring*. Saratoga
Pprings, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprlnars, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Wiley's, Bucknell's.
Eanhedrln Heights, Hullvtll*. Orr's Hot,
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. l>al. Wintts, Lavtonvilla, Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
M.n.1 Eureka.
Saturday to Monday ronnd trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael At half rates.
Ticket offices. K0 Market St.. Chronfe?* bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing April K. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VA1XET
AND SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DATS— 7:00. »:*), 11:00 a. m.1
13:i5. 1:45. 8:15. 4:15. *i:H, «:15. (:4J ix m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley aad Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at »:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •8:CO. *):00, •lfroo. n : oo. U;»
a. ro.; 12:43. *l:30. 2:30. *3:15. 6:00. i:\jo. 1:3»
p. m,
11:00 a. m. does not run to Saa Rafael Sua.
days.
TruUss marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCOu
WEEK DATS— 6:35. *t:30, 7:50. 8:40. '10:15 a.
m.; 11:30. 1:15. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30. 5:30_p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *J:45 and 10:10 p. m.
SUNDATS— «:15. »S:CO. *i:ia. •11:00a. m.: »12:e»
m.; l:C0. 1:15. »3:30. 4:30. »5:45. «:43. 7:30. W:Sa
Trains marked (•> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:33. «:45. 3:u0. 8:55. 10:30 a,
in : 12:35 1:43. 2:45. 3:30. i:ZQ. 5:25 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— «:35. S:C5. 10:06. 11:10 a. m.; tfj\
1-20 2:30. 3:45. 4:65. C:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
4 ' THROUGH TRAlNa
7:00 a. m. week days— Caxadero and way it*.
3:15* p. m. Saturday*— Cazadcro and way st*»
lions
5:15 p. ra. weekdays (Saturdays «ic«pt»d)— .
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a, ra. Sundays— Caxadero aad way it*.
tX \l'a p. m. Sundays—Polat Reyos aa« way
tUtiOBS.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
! Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
i WEEK DAYS. ...9:20 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
: SUNDAYS. ..8, 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
; Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. t\ 40.
! NEW TAVKRN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
TICKET OFFICES CM MARKET ST..
SAU3ALITO FERRY.
'- ¦ ' ¦ — ¦ — ' ~~ ~" X '
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>-•"» lirlAU.i H %l. Esta&IIaaed
In !•».»¦» tor thetr»atrnentot Private
Diseases, Lost Man hood Debility or
iJi^m-jjh? wearinxou (mdysnd miml.ind
skin Diseases. Tn» doctor enreawneu
others faiL l'ry him. Charger low.
( nrroensrantri- I. Callorwrlta
Or-j.r (.lUlto.\, Ktoz'l!»7.Saa Fraaciaco
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage— Depot
Quartermaster's office. 36 New Montgomery
St.. San Francisco, Cal., Aujrust 28, 1900—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m..
September 12, 1900. Pacific standard time, and
then opened, for furnishing. Campaign Hats,
.Black Calfskin Shoes, Russet • Shoes, Stock-
Ings, Undershirts, Legging Laces, Black
Hats, Walut Belts, Letters Sent and Re-,
celved Books, Corn Brooms, Hatchets and
Helves. Camp Kettles.' Pickaxes and Helves,
Shovels, Long and Short Handled: Spades,
Shelter Tent Poles, Petroleum Paper, Wrap-
ping Paper. Tailor's Crayons and Mattress
Covers. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding In the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be given to articles of American
produrtlou and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the risht to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Propo-
sals. No.- G!>63." and addressed to Major OS-
CAU F. LONG. Quartermaster. U. S. Vols.,
" Deport Quartermaster.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTElT^mheTia^dTTSrSutter St.; choice loca-
tion: sunny rooms with board; firat-'classwith
every convenience.
ROOMS WANTED. .
GENTLEMAN* wishes* rilce furnished room:
private family; central ' location. Box 4034.
Call officer ' ¦ ; .'"
SPECIAL- NOTICES.
L.APIES-Chlchester'8 English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable; take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles, " In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chicheeter Chemical Co.. Phlladel., Pa.
BEARS for decorating; full fisrure and relief:
large and small size; a great variety. Call
at well-known fine art statuary store, D.
J1ENCARINI. 911 Mission st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 53S0.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 na^es, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
T postage raid.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kind?: bouKht. sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kind* bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
rerairlrr at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving;: covered
vaie. Tenth and Market; phone South T62.
PACIFIC Storage. and Furniture Moving Com-
pany 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main I?40 — Packing, movrng and storage.
, TO LEASE.
TO lease— 200x200. near Five Mile House, With
houses; suitable for chicken or duck ranch.
Apply THOS. RQOERTS. 1615 Market st.
TYPEWRITERS .V.ND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, ?3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
NEW typewriters, $5 down, $5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 108 (50c per
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market st., on and after Saturday, Sep-
tember I, 1900. Transfer books close on Sat-
urday. Augim 2">, 1900. at 12 m.
' E. H. SHELDON. S-»cretary.
THE 0. R. & N. nn.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CARC S<2 First Class including Berth
rnnt $8 Second Class nnd Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.'.
August 31. Sept. 10, 20. 3ft
COLUMBIA sails Sept. 5. »15. 2S, Oct. 5
Short line to "Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Throush tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Apent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
BAILBO AD TBA VELb
mwutiikisx r«vino <».ur»M.
Innra ssnna.]
Trains lonv« mi. I nre «lnv to nrrlv* »s
s».> ritAN€iM«:u.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
tSATB ••- From Acocst IX 1300- — akroti
*7:0<U Betilcis, Sulaan, Elmirs, VftcaTiUe, ' *.
Ramsay »nd 3»cr!inient*> *7i-I3f
•7:««a Sba«t» Express— DaTi* Williams (fo»
Bartlett Springs). Willows, K<*d
Bluff. HorUsnd. «7:«*
*7i3Oa Martinet, Sao iUmon.Yallejo. Nip*.
l'»liit>gt nuil.-Unt* Uosa •«:!.¦»?
•»!«•»* Davis. Woodland. Knights Landing.
' • MvjSTille. Ori>»ill* *7j«3*
|««:OO» Atlantic Kxpresa— OgJen sad Eut M2:«.1r
*S:O<»* Nilej, Trjcy, Uihrop, Stockton "Us 13*
•¦sUOjt h»ii Jose. Literature. Htucktoii,
lone, .-»cr*nifu:o, FIserrTille,
M»rjsvUlr. Cbicu. UeJ RliiS MilJr
•SilOtOuilale, CUaesa (for Yoaemite).
. donor*. Carters. '1:13-
•0:00* Hafwsrds. Xilts sod Way Stations. *1 1: iS*
•UiWVaLos Angeles Express — Uutinex.
Tracy. Latiirop. iitockton. Muio«a
Frosuo and Los Aagales *7il3*
•»:3O» V»H,J,,, Martinet amt V.'if St.ilonn *Ss«3r
• IO:UO» Th* Oterltml Limited— Ogden. Den-
ter, Omaha. Chicago..: 'SilS*
•IliOO* IfUes, Stocktou, .Sacramento. Men-
«lota, Fresno, llauford. VlsalU.
rort«r»illo Miia#
•11:OOa LJTermore. ganger. Goshen Juno-
tlon. BtkenaalJ. Los Angeles
•I 2:«iom Haywtrds, Nilvn and Way HUUoc*. •tfMl
tl:t>Or Sacramento Ult«r 3te«m«r» t3:0l>*
•XsttOr Hajwarda. Nile* ami Way Stations. »»« l»r
•»:«<ir Maiiluox. Hau lUmmi, V..llrjt>.
Nap*. U»!l«f.M<», .Santa l!u.u a Stl3a
MiUttr Brnida. V.'lnters, Hacrauianto.
Wouilland, Kni.bU l.aaJlu,.
Marys*llle. Orot Illo •IO:«34
•4(3f»P Mles.rtan .lone ami Stocktio •7il»r
•S:«ot>T:» O-.l Umlted— Tracr. Fresno.
ISakersSelt). baugus fur ttauta Har-
bsra, Los Aogeles. *10>t».
«.1:00p Stockton «»i*3*
•3iOor New Orleans Express— Hakersfl«Ul.
H^iit* U..rl>»r». Le» Annele*. Dem*
Ins. El Pa»o. New Orleans aud
Kim» *7»«'1»
•«jO*r n»jirards, Nllsssndaan Jos« •7tl'»4
<«iOOr V»llaj.» •HilSr
•Ui«up Oriental Mail— Og Jen. Cbejeana.
Umaba. CUicaga •1»»4»»>
*0:OOp Oii«ntal Mall— Ogden. Denver.
Otaaba. Chicago. Mil.ip
TjOOp Nlleg. Tracr, Lathrop. Stockton.... •i*tlit
l?:O«p Valleju. furl Co«U and Waf 8t».
tloua J»i33»
•SiMr Orriuu ud California Kxprem.Hao-
rni>ient<>. Muryhtille. IC«<Mlit(.
r»rtUi.i|, fn^t So.tn.l anil UnM *«!lT^ .
COAST DIVISION (Narrrtn (ianse).
(Foot of Market atrett.t
{7t43& HidU Crux Excursion for stans*
Cruz and Principal Way Station* (»'•>»»
*Sil3*Neirarli.CRiitirT!lle,SaitJos«,Krlt«ii.
Boii!<lerCreek..SaiitaCrti(tmIWaf
Stations •»•«•»
tail.tp Newark. Cen»<T»illt.. San .!.».% N-»
Aimadeo, Feltou, KnuMer (.'reek.
Banta I'riu and I'tinclpal Way
Statlo-ii •I»«. I »S)»
Mtl.tp Newark. Sail .Tnno, I.rn Catoa ?•»:>•»«.
a 1: 1 5p Glenwood. Feltcm. P*nt» Crnz «»iW*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SO rm.CUCO— fi«t «r Uu,l Strt»t (Slia U—
•7:15 900 11.00*. U. |1:S3 *2.33 13. Zi
•4:C3 t5:Sa *t:ZZr.m.
rMuQtlUBB— r»»l i!)ru4»;. — 'fi.OO H.CO 1000*. M.
t!2:S3 *l:33 »:C3 ; 3::3 U:S3 -3:33r.x.
COAST DIVISION ,'«:ro*il«i4ii«f).
(Third wt.d Towmeml Sk) ¦
" t«s I Oa Ocean Vi«w. South *»»ii FraucUcn.. (UsUWr
t?sOOA Han Jose ami Way ,SUtl«i»i (New
Alinaden WeilnwwUjsonlj) *li3tt/
17(30* Suiidsy Eteunioo f t Ban Jose,
KanU Cruz. Pacific GroTo and
Priadstal Waj Stations tSs**p
•»>O«* Han Jims. Tim hmn. Hi>»tK Crux.
l'aciilc <Jm»e. 1'aso Uohlcs. Haw
I.nU O!>in|i<>, Surf. LoropoC and
Princliial Way .HUtimia MjIWp
•ll»iir»« San J<xe aiu! Waf Stations *U:35,
•ll:at»» i<aiiJo>ie.Losnatosxi><lWajStatlni ls *3>3Ur
t»t 13r San Matco. l; e .iw,,ol. Menlo l'»rk.
Talo Alto. Sauta Clara, Man .I<oie.
Tres Plnos, SanU Crnz, Salinas,
Moutsrejand Pacllic fiio»e |I-»."HU
43i3«r Kan Jose and Way Htatiui.s ..'. M Z:'di*r
t4:l3r Saa Joseami Principal Way Stations *1>:<3a
43:OUrSan Joso. Los Gatoa aod Prlueipal
WaySUtion* 1»:O»a
».1i3<>r SauJuie sii.l I'rincipal Way Station* ?*:»•"» »
•6:a«p San Jose ami Way Stations »^:«HU
>ll»«3p 3an Jose and Way Stations »?:3Op
A for Morning. r t*I A ften.oon.
•Daily. t Smiilay eieepted. I bunday only
b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sund»» « Monday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE]
• SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
! Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
K SAN FRAXCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
I \TEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:XS,
' 2:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thurs-iays — Extra, trip
, ' at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trlns at 1:M
I , and 1 11:20 cm. j
. SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.r 1:30. 3:30.
1:00. S;20 D. m.
i SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCI3CO.
TVKEK DATS— 6:10, 7:30. 9:». 11:10 a. m.; 12:48.
I M0. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays—Extra trips at
1:53 und 6 33 v. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:30. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. S:«.
fi:Ce. C:33 I>. m.
Between San Francisco and Schustzen Park
same schedule as above.
OCEABT TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
*; Steamers leave Broadway
fcfc. wharf, San Francisco:
Vgy^_ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a.
JMsSSZjV. rn> e P t - 3 - Change to com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
E-tVbSV)^ For Victoria. Vancouver
KS«£«*SjS«t '"• c ' ) - Port Townsrnd. Se-
PtKjPijjV^EJn i attic, Tacoma. Everett, Ana- '
f^^KWffi cortes and New Whatcom
«• (Wash.)— 11 a. m.. Sept 3.
and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle to this company's !
steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C.
P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. August
81. Sept. 5, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo>. Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m., August 31, Sept. 4, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblsuo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11
a. m., Sept. 2, and every fourth day there-
after.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
i Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico.)— 10 a. m.. "th of
each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders. .
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without nrevlous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Franlcsco.
DIED.
Andres, Marie E. P 11^.- Ma f#i ,
Attridge. James Loughery. Michael
Borella, Louisa McGuire, Charles D.
Boxlll, Mabel B. McNulty Mary
David. Barbeta Mallon. Patrick
Davison. Emma A. Matthews. Capt. S. B
Dunn. Viola K. Alexander J
Kagan, Thomas Moar. Lizzie M.
Emmerson. John Schofleld th f w
Farnsworth. David L. Sresoyich. Nicola -
Heusch. John E. Staack. Christian F.
Heyen. Hannah Stanyan Jennie G.
Hosie. David Truedell Theo. M.
Hostetter. Phlllt> A. Turner. Harriet E.
Jeffery, David S.
ANDRES-In this city. August 27. 1900. Marie
Elise Andres, beloved daughter of Louise and
the' late Christian Andres, and sister of Lou-
ise Andres. Mrs. Frank White and Mrs. Emil
Blatz of Milwaukee, a native of San Fran-
cisco aged 30 years 2 months and 15 days.
(Milwaukee. Wis., papers please copy.)
C^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 10:30 o'clock, at her late residence,
2754 Octavia street.
ATTRIDGK— August 29. 1900, James Attridge,
beloved brother of Mrs. Margaret Gibbons.
Mrs Mary Gardner and Mrs. Lizzie Nelson,
a native of the parish of Durass, J County
Cork. Ireland, aged 55 years.
BORELLA-In Alameda, August 28, 1900. I/>u-
lsa beloved wife of the late Angelo Borella.
and mother of Louisa. Angelina and Walter
Borella. a native of France, aged 37 years.
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlor, of James Fowler. 1524 Park # street,
thence bv the 1 o'clock creek boat to Odd
Fellows' 'Cemetery. Interment private.
BOXILL-In this city, August 29 1900 Mabel
B.. beloved daughter of Henry T and Cath-
erine Boxill. and sister of Milton. Hazel.
Gladys Lawrence and Allman Boxlll. a na-
tive of Somersville. Contra Costa County,
Cal.. aged 2 years and 14 days.
DAVID-In this city, August 29. 1900. Bar-
beta David, beloved wife of the late Lazarus
David, mother of Isaac and Robert David.
Mrs. Bessie Harris, Harry David and Mrs.
Dora Harris, and aunt of Mrs. Betsy Kra-
mer, a native of Germany, aged 62 years 5
months and 8 days.
IC3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at. 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 13V. John street, between Powell and
Mason, Jackson and Pacific streets thence to
Third and Townsend streets by 11:30 o clock
train Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
DWISON — August 29. 1900. at Children's
Hospital, 3700 California street, Emma A.
Davison. niece of ,M. F. Boyce Presidio, a
native of Apalachin. N. T.. aged iM years.
DUNN- In this city, August 28, 1D00, \lola K.
Dunn, beloved wife of William T. Dunn, a
native of Indiana, aged 43 years 4 months and
1S [C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ¦
EAGAN-In this city. August 28. 1900. Thpmw
Eagan beloved brother of Rose and William
Bagan Mrs. Faber. Mrs. Rclder and Mrs.
La Falsh, a native of Boston, Mass.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are reepect-
fu'ly Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday)! at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Ignatius Church for services.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland, by
11 o'clock creek route boat.
EMMERSON-In Susanvllle. Lassen County.
Cal August 25. 1900. John, beloved husband
of Nettle Emmerson. a native of England,
aged 30 years. (Toronto, Canada, papers please
and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Thurr,day>. at 2 o'clock from B nalBrlth
Hall. 121 Eddy street, under the auspices of
Pacific Lodge No. 13C. F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
FARNSWORTH-In this city. August 28. 1900.
David L.. beloved husband of Fannie P.
Farnsworth. and father of Lotta P. and Silas
Farnsworth. a native of New Hampshire,
aged 61 vear3 9 months and 13 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 125 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Masonic Ctmetery.
HEUSCIi-In Hanover. Germany. August 10.
1900 John E. Heusch. beloved brother of Mrs.
J. -II. J. Seyden. a native of- Amt Dorum,
Hanover, Germany, aeed 71 years.
HEYEN— In thlR city. August 29, 1900, Hannah,
beloved wife of John Heyen, and dearly be-
loved mother of Mrs. Annie Dahl, a native
of County Cork, Ireland, . aged 62 years and 5
months.
OtT'Notice of funeral hereafter.
HOSIE-In this city. August 23. 1900 David
Hosle beloved husband of Susan Hosie, a
native of Scotland, aged 53 years.
HOSTETTER— In Elmhurst, August 2S, 1900.
Philip Agustus, beloved son of A. G. and
Susan Hostetter, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months, and 21 days.
!E3rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 2633 Sacramento street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
JEFFERY— In this city, August 29, 1900. David
S. Jeffery. a native of California, aged 46
years 2 months and 20 days.
KELLER— In this city. August 23. 1900. Mag-
gie beloved wife of Paul E. Keller, daughter
of 'Mrs James Milne, and sister of James.
George, Albert and Robert Milne, a native of
San Francisco, aged 28 years 3 months and 22
days. (Eureka, Ferndalc, Healdsburg and
Fr'esnh papers please copy.)
try-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thureday). at 9 o'clock, from 447 Jessie
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church. Mis-
sion street, between Third and Fourth, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her tsoul, commencing at 9:30 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
LOUGHERY-In this city. August 29. 1900, at
St. Mary's Hospital, Michael Loughery. a na-
tive of County Galway. Ireland, aged 58 years.
McGUIRE— In this city. August 28. 1900. Charles
D. McGulre, a native of County Fermanagh,
• Ireland, aged 60 years.
(TTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday) at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mis-
. sion street, near Seventh, thence to Sacred
Heart Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McNULTY— In the City and County Hospital.
August 29. 1900, Mary McNulty, a native of
Ireland, aged 59 years.
MALLON— In this city. August 29. 1900, Patrick
* Mallon, a native of Ireland, aged 80 years.
MATTHEWS— In this city, August 2S, 1900,
Captain Samuel B. Matthews, beloved father
of James B. Matthews, a native of Nova Sco-
tia aced 54 vears. A member of Pacific Lodge
No*. 1.%, I. O. O. F., St. Andrew's Society and
Caledonian Club.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the Odd Fel-
lows' 'Hall, corner Seventh and Market
streets, under the auspices of Pacific Lodge
Xo 156 I O. O. F., and thence by 11 o'clock
creek route boat to Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland, for interment. Remains at the par-
lors of Theo. DIerks. 957 Mission street.
MEi3LEH— In this city. August 29, 1900, Alex-
ander J. Megler of Astoria, Or., beloved hus-
band «of Mlna A. Megler, and brother of the
Hon J G. Megler of Brookneld. Wash., and
Mrs ' Emma Glrard of Hoaqulm. Wash, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 60 years 7 months and
25 days.
MOAR — Suddenly. In this city. August 29,
1S00 Lizzie M. Moar. niece of Mrs. Edwin
Danforth. a native of Massachusetts.
cyFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 -o'clock, at the family resi-
dence 2027 Broadway. Interment private.
SCHOFIELD— In this city, August 27, 1900,
Mathew Schofleld, beloved husband of Rebecca
Schofleld, futher of Charlotte Schofleld, and
stepfather of Lillian Brown, a native of
WlKan. England, aged 56 years and 15 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances -are rospect-
' fully Invited to attend the funexal this day
(Thureday). ¦ at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1005 Marlposa'street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
SRESOVICH— In the city of Ragusa, Dalmatla,
Austria, Nicola Sresovich. beloved father of
Luke *O.,' Joseph. ¦ Nicholas J.. Rock and
Frank B. Sresovich. Mrs.-. M. Rldolfl. Mrs.
Lazarevlch, Mrs. Radulovich and Mrs. Marin-
covlch.
STAACK— In this city. August 29. 1900. Chris-
tian Frederick Staack, beloved husband of
Delia Staack, a native of Fleusburg, Ger-
many, aged 48 years 11 months and 26 days..
STANVAN— In, tfTis city. August 2S. 1900. Jen-
nl« G.. widow of the late Charles H. Stanyan,
and ; mother . of. Jennie ; H. and Charles H.
Stanyan, a native of Portsmouth. N. H., aged
67 years. (Boston papers please copy.)
(C7Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:15 o'clock, at the family resi-
dence. 2006 Bush street. Interment private.
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
TRUEDELL— In this city. August 29. 1900,
•Theodore M. Truedell. a native of New York.
osed 57 years.
TURNER— In. this city. August 2S. • 1900. Har-
riet E. Turner, beloved mother of Mattie A.
Turner, C. A. Turner.' Chlcaco. 111.. Mrs. E.
G. Locke, Wichita. Kans,. ¦ and Mrs. J. F.
Fuller. McBaln, Mich., a native of- Massa-
chusetts; aged 71 years. ' (Los Angeles, Cal.,
and Omaha, Nebr., papers please copy.)
(CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral ; this day (Thursday). . at* 1
o'clock, from her late residence. 1107 Laguna
street. -Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MOXUY TO LOAX.
V-^irT'Kearr.y *t.. n-ira *. respectable private '
• tilace to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
'rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 945.
$¦•>». fiiio at C per cent In cums to suit In city; also
ilbd 000 on larpe ranches; a.l;-o on second rnort-
? '. ¦ -'• -.-. It- J. MERCER & SON, 412 Pine et.
ANY amount l>y prUate party on furniture and
plan'*; na removal; low rates; confidential.
BOXEL1-I. 301 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
f: 000 TO lean; 1st or Id rnortiagres; 6"^; es-
tates, chattels. HARPER, C1J Hearst bldg.
ON furniture and piancs; no removal; .confl-
iientia.1; on diamonds, etc. 23 Taylor tfc
II. MVUPHV. KW Market St. . eolves all kinds of I
f;r.anelr.l problems; 2d mortgages, estate 1 ?, etc.
TO salaried poople without tecurity; all busi-
ness omfldeniial. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott big.
On fun:S:ure, pianos; 3 per cent per mnnth; no
PflffiTnimrtTt. Mrs. Wilson, nn. Iti, 6 Eddy 6t.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
inflorw. MOURELL. 60S Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mUslon; private. UCiv. 116 McAllister st.
to »s.lari<>d men without collateral or indorser.
f. V. I>.scount Agency. 143 P.helan building.
MISICAL 1.NSTUL3112XTS.
ALL purcha»^rs cf rlancs at EHERMAN.~CLAY
& OO. S havfr the privilegre of exchanging; for
a. STKJNWAY ttny time ivtthin Ihrc-e- vears
and full purchase price allowed; the best
¦aaken of every grade to select trom; beauti-
ful new uprights J(< cash, $C per month: pome
pooa i^anos ? or {3_ $4 a^a $5 p^,. month.
EHERKAK, CLAY & CO.. STEIN'.VAY
DEA1JESU&. corner Kearny and Batter s-t?.,
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth fts.. Oakland. 1
WE c»n us* a few good squares to advantage |
if to l>e had within th<* next few days. MAU- I
VAJS MUSIC CO.. 7€9 Market Et.
6DCOND-HAXD Marsha'.! and Wende!. New
Hnrlar.d end other n:akes offered lew for a
day or eo. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. I6S Mar- !
* pt ¦'• __!
DECKER & SON pianos are the best known of |
all the^M reliable m&Urs; jrou cennot fail to ¦
pet satisfaction with one of them. Agency 1
«.t MAUVAIS', 76S Market st. I
ABSOLLTrLT~the~oldeEt and lanrest house |
west cf Chicaco is K«>HLER & CHASE'S.
26, IS ar.d SO O'Farn-'.l it ; piMOB. organs and
all othor musical instruments of all grad<*
and prices: terms <"a."y; prices lowest; jjrerjr-
•i.tr.p possible done to i>ieaee and satisfy the
customer.
t GOOt> vquarc riar.os from *^0 to JIOO.
S fine srar.a riar.os from j:T5 to I4.W. ¦
I f>econ-l-har!<l u; riphts from $TD to JI25. '
1 Strinwav 1 Eteck, 1 \Veber. 1 Curtaz.
BENJ. CURTA2 & P<~>X. K- OFarrell ft. [
SPECIAL barpiins sale this week— Hardmans.
Hize!tcns Dewlnc Br-je.. Chuse Bros.; some
extra rood bareains la F^corTd-harwi uprlshis.
At THE J. PEWPCO CO.. Flood bulldinir.
F.EMOVAL of Koeffe'6 piano store from Van
N«s to T33 Market. N>t. 5th and Cth. next j
Hale nros..& will continue redaction saie for |
2 v-t-r - . ryn ev'nps; call and set low prices, j
VIOLIN etr'.nps: never wet; be?t in the world: |
rr.aklnp and repairing of all kinds of musical ]
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Oary St. I
iiFUOVAL ?a>: all must so by Saturday, j
Sept. 1. HEINE PIANO CO.. 136 Kills st.
WAN'TFr>— 9 rood square pianos, suitable for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. »* Post st. |
FLAUGHTZR sale of upright pianos tor rtor- j
age. r.0 up. U1LSO.VS Ftorage. 1710 Market, j
PF in the swirn: rent a new piano for J* per
BMtfib. POQTT-CURTA2 CO . 560 Hayes Et.
THE TV1L.ET B ALLEN OO.. S14 Post St.;
Hardrr.En. Coaorer and other pianos.
FOHMER & CO Bvron Mauzy, Gab'.er, Hamil-
ton pianos. 30S Post ft., opp. Union rquare.
BARGAIN"— Good plario cheap: installment IS
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister Et.
W G BADGER, 412 Facramento et.. ajrent t or >
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
Bl'PERlOR violins, zithers, eld and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION rale: new pianos: $5 payments;
for rent. Ti up. HP-VENN. V<$ Post ft.
OFFICKS AND STORES TO LET.
TO~~LET-Loft at 412 Front ft.; CCxllS fe?t: en-
trance on Front st. ; rent J40. Apply to
WHEDEX. KOHLMOOS CO.. 412 Front St.
EMMA SPaECKELS building. 927 Market—
omces, licht and tunny, ill to J?0 per month:
Upht. heat. Janitor and use cf tel. included.
FOR rent; very cheap: store and larce base-
ment: K31 Howard. MADISON & BURKE.
TO rent-Modern etore: well lighted; 25x140;
rTt^r«»flsorar>1i». -?S Hayes rt.
r£RSO>ALS. '
MORTON MARK? — Your brother Andrew
would like to hear from you. 71S Howard
Ft.. San Francisco.
I, JAMES McGRATH. will not be responsible
for ar.y debt* ccn'racted by my wife, MAR-
GARET McOBATH. after this day.
RAO eaisett wove to order and for sale: also
chtnille-wove rues, silk portieres: dealer in
cari"* twine. In henk or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, '<"¦» Firth. Oakland.
THE Hl'D.SON niVER CO..
HOPKE HROS.
Mattreyses end pillows maJe to order, re-
covered ani renovated: hone?t work puaran-
tf-ed; prices defy competition; Cne upholstery:
phone :£'*; factory. 31* and 320 Eleventh et. ;
tirtt-claFs cleaning and dyeing. 40S Sutter St.,
Pan Francisco.
WHY Ft'FFERT
Pei-ynns afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how lone stsnoinc), or any other chronic
<3i**"ase, should call at once at the SANS
S«'Uri. ifft» Van .\>sf ave.— the up-to-date ln-
Ftltutlon for treatment. We have 2o years'
"xjierienc. Charsr-ii reaftmable.
JULIANI5M — Julian MacRae. Initiate, has
crx>nt«l his cla»5e« for «pirit untoldment and
AdTtfhip on TeeBdajr and Thursday evening?.
J. o'clock ; free lecture Friday eve.. % o'clock;
consultation dally. * to S. IVi Golden Gate ave.
ELECTRIC llphtw In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third *t.. near Market; 700 rooms;
• T> to Jl H i>er nicht; $1 5o. to J6 p.T week;
fret- 'bus and li^KKap'- to and from the ferry.
LEPEHER. the popular hairdresser, does the
hair m any and nil styles, J.> only; switches
SI up. 121 Stockton *t. ¦v.
MME. B. B. GROVE. «<c:entlflc. medicated
treatment. I2»* Ellis «.. room 19; formerly
S4 K^arny ft.
FT'ITP to order «>n inytallmtTtp: J13 upward;
51 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
b*t«-wn Seventh an<l Eiehth.
PILES — ¥" r*rmar.ent cure? in San Francisco,
who c«n be seexr. n> operation; no pain: par-
ticular* Bent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
LEDERER'S Qulntorlca. hair tonic Mope fall-
ing out; clearifirur. beautifying; 25c a bottle.
HAIR quickly curlM cr waved by using Tal-
oott's curling fluid; 25c a bottle; druggists.
LEDERER'S Foamo Fhampoo leads them all;
has real merit; try it; only acjiackage.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware: curios, all description*. 525 Pupont et.
SUITS to order on cafy payment*. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner building, room vr,.
."lTOEDI'MS Egyptian Henna restores gray-
hair to It* natural color: $1. at all druggists.
< \FT-OFF clotMng. old go!d a:id silverbought;
¦nd portal. .COLEMAX'S, .506 Kearny rt.
PHYSICIANS AM) SL'ItGEONS.
Ml jrHERBERT REEVE. 2614 kearny st..
m-,.| hy fiectrlclty Nervous Prostration, In-
* 't nla \Fthma Hheumatlem, Paralysis. Ca-
tar. j. Consumption. Kidney, and all lnilam-
njt ry caso>"; diccctes diarnosed.
I>H. < C O'DONNELJ^— Office and rcsiuence,
'•"-¦¦. Market St.. bet. Kixth anl Sevonth.
HKAL ESTATE — CITV — K^OIf^JiALE.
CLEAN INVESTMENTS.
AT A. M S PECK & CO.'S. btT MARKET ST.
i:'jf).roo— Ptya iper cent net: near Chronicle.
JlTi.Ctfj— Pt" s 6 per cent net; Market St.; one
tenant. -
tlOO.OOO— ;*aj i s per cent; Market St.: always
. rente! . ¦ '
¦ . ¦00,000-i'ayr 7 per cent; few blocks from
Chronicle.
1*0.000— Pay* U'70: grand comer; all rented.
I.WT.SOOr Pays i per cent net: grand corner: one
• .^, ,'~> ¦ tenant; > a *e & years.
. ?30,ono— Hetit* KS2i nrrw imi-rovements.
• ' »2£,o0<>~ (irand rtore property, 70 ft-_front; renta
¦..•'• ti"jO a month; ell rcnu«l-
tro.WKH-lients JKi: corner;' new Improve-
ment*. -
. ,.J15.100— R«ats tJC; new lmpro\-e:njents.
- .. IIO.CKK^— Eiegatit (UU. not far from Van Ke«s;
rentu $1100: only J^ cash; all rented.
iS.WO— Market-tt. tcrner: store, flat and base-
mem: modern building: former price.
Must Ben': tr.-o fine flats; 6 Hyde et.,
. ¦ n«*r City Hall; r*nU J75.
J!,090— Store property on Ninth St.. near Mar-
. • ket; very cl.. a p.
. tS.000— ItcnO- 170; new flats near Van JCtts ave.
¦ S6.00&— Post St.: thri-» Hats- rents $60.
$i. COO-Four elegant fiats of 4 rooms each;
rents $40.
&.2M— Million flat*: rents J510 annually; near
Twenty-fourth et.
S2.550— Ccry 5-room cottage on Castro st.
V *I.200-Rersts $2«; Val>Jo et.; worth 13300. .
A. M. SPECK tt CO. Q57 MARKET ST.
FOR »ale cheap: buslner* property on Howard
" St.. between Fourth er.d Fifth. Apply BEW
. ' Druj Co.. Alameda.
MODERN bouses built; lowest prices; plans and
' ' estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; € room* and bath; Urge lot;
Urnu to cult buyer. Owner 413 Kearcy st.
REAL. ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
TITTLE. 630 MARKET ST.
$5000— 6 flats; pay 12 per cent.
$10, 000-Leaven worth, nr. Turk: 27:6x137:6.
$:<K)0— $-room bouse; Jackson, near Broderlck.
J13.000— Jones, nr. Turk: 27:6x107.
J780G— Shrader. nr. Page; 12-room house.
to6G0— 163 Carl st; new S-room house.
$O>— Cottage; Haight. nr. Fillmcre.
t:300-New 9-room residence; Waller, near
Steiner.
$37iO— Modern 10-room house; Page, near
$S000^-Modern residence; Gough. nr. Franklin.
$7750-3 new flats pay 12 per cent.
$6000—5 modern flats; Clayton; pay 10 per
cent : must be eold next 10 days ; make an oner.
Jll.OfiO— 3 flats; Scott, nr. California.
SU.D00-3 new flats; Turk. nr. Laguna.
$0500—4 flats; Geary, nr. Gough; pay 11 per
cent.
S3.VO— 2 fiats: Eddy st.; bargain.
(25.400— S flats;' Pacific.
$<::*-: flats: Frederick, nr. Stanyan.
Building lots: .Ur" 1 -
$&noo-Jaekson-st. corner. ¦
J4000— Bakr-r-st. corner; eunny side.
$1000 — California, st.
52509— Waller, nr. Pierce; sunny side. |
* 1400-^DevUadero, nr. Sacramento.
$120C— Stanyan, nr. Carl.
ii5.M<v_pacinc ave.; sunny side, nr. uu-
chirjn; marine view.
~~~ ~~" ~~^~^~~ —~ I
SOL GETZ R *BROTHE^ bcKER
wttadOTTARTF.RS FOR PARK LOTS.
T ak"A A d?a Q nU A^cf the V*^ Low Prjcyil Don't
Fall to £ee Us Ee'ore Buying!
Mu^fc Stand; ready"!} build on; $10 'monthly.
$250 to $750-Choice Richmond lots for build-
I ing"; $10 monthly.
1 S75 to $250— On Mission st. and San Mateo car
line; only $5 monthly payments.
$W0 to 11000— For small cottages; splendid lo-
•iens' near cars: payments Fame as rent.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER:
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
j REAL ESTATE COLM'KY — For Sale
! accurate personal knowledge— each of the
I 3V0 ranches fti rr.y PALE and EXCHANGE
I lipt. More than all othor acents in this city.
N. D. SICKELS, the land agent. 6 Geary st.
CHEAP little home In town, Alameda County;
extensive jx>ultry houses and yards: house for
i 1<VV> r>!peons; real estate, peroonal property:
I ali for $730. Call 50S California St., room 2.
I TO LEASE~Sather ranch. San Pablo Creek,
Contra Costa County; 1150 acres; 250 acres j
grain land: well watered: railroad facilities.
In person to R. E. ROWLAND, Orinda Park.
FOR pale— About S acres of land; near Colma,
San Mateo County. 445 Valencia st.
! PRINTED list— M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market: r. 1;
i farcns and city property exchanged or soVl.
' CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
j Call. 16 rages, sent to any address In the
i United States or Canada one year for |1.
I ' '
! REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
I FINE residence In best location In Oakland.
fronting on a city park; flat mortgage of $3000
recently made: will take smaller place or good
oountrv flace or lots clear or may assumf.
I small 'mortgage. BELDEN & COOK. Wash- j
j lngton and Fourteenth. Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000 — A NEW 6-room cottage; connected with
gas and water mains; street work all done;
electric cars pass the property; cash or in-
, Etallments. Apply to MASON & McLENA-
THEN. adjoining P. O.. Berkeley.
SAFE investment for $7500; block of land fa\-or-
ably located near coming Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars C.WILLMOTT, 916 Market st.,S.F.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FINE corner lot. 8*^x132, bet. Fruitvale and
Elmhuret; unincumbered; for sale cheap. Par-
ticulars from owner, L. A. LAFRANCA, Mis-
sion San Jose. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
I / OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
X~L~DOBLE~&~COn ~^~*
466 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND.
I 5-roomed cottage, 21st St., price |2500; $700
| down.
10-roomed house; $1250; easy terms.
5-roomed house; J1250; will sell to please pur-
chaser.
5-roomfd modern cottage; Myrtle st. ; $1900;
$700 down; balance Installments.
6-room*-d cottage; Frar.klln t>t.; $3000; one-
half cash, balance to suit purchaser.
10-room<"d house; Adeline St.; J1500; one-half
cash, balance to suit buyer.
r«-roomed cottage; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion: t-W>; $200 down, balance on installments.
5-roomed cottage: Peralta st.; $1000; $200
down, balance to suit purchaser.
7-roomed. cottage; Chestnut St.; $2000; $150
down, balance installments.
1250 CASH, balance flat at 8 per cent; new
ttory aud a half home of 8 rooms; porcelain
bath and tiled sink: gas fixtures and shades;
cement walks; excellent neighborhood: near
local trains and car lines. BELDEN &
COOK. Washington and Fourteenth sts.
i JS50— FOUR rooms, bath: high basement: brick
foundation: 1 block from electric cars; 10
minutes' walk to Hth and Broadway. BEL-
DEN & COOK, Washington and Fourteenth.
I J1S00 — NEW house of 6 rooms; modern through-
cut: sunny side of street on McClure Heights.
BELDEN & COOK. Washington and 14th sts.
jieoo— TWO flats of 4 rooms and bath each,
within eary walking distance of Hth and
Broadway; well rented. BELDEN &. COOK,
Washington and Fourteenth sts.
$175 CASH. $10 monthly; new cottage, 3 large
rooms; 7-foot basement: brick foundation; 4
large level lots, 50x256; price all told $775;
will fence and finish up to suit buyer; plenty
' of good water; soil, climate and view the very
best; close to electric car line aai 90-foot- wld 8
boulevard, and not far from model school-
houpe; no fogs nor raw winds here; Westall
Tract, adjoining East Oakland; 10 buildings
gone up already: more coming; call or send
for circular: 455 Seventh St., near corner.
; Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. HENRY
Z. JONES, owner.
OAKLA.VD FUBXITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. Hth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
b"ucHAnXnT^S— Nicely furnished eunny cor-
ner suite; housekeeping: bath; gas; others.
CHESTNUT, 27*— Two or three sunny furnished
j housekeeping rooms; fine marine view.
! CLEMENTINA. 327— Flat C, 2 furnished rooms.
; housekeeping; airy; nunny; couple' only; $3.
: EDDY, 604— Sunny furnished room with kitchen
complete for housekeeping; gas range.
EI'DY, 815— 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
all conveniences: private residence., •
- FOLSOM. S34— Sunny front .bay window room
end kitchen; bath, modern conveniences; $3
week.
. GOLDEN GATE, 1035— One or four housekeep-
ing rooms; cheap.
' j HAMPTON place. 13, off Folsom, bet. Second
1 i and Third— Four rocms and bath.
HOWARD. 761V4— Nicely furnished Kunny bay-
window suite; man and wife; others; reas'ble.
HOWARD. 1C63Vi— Two connecting housekeeping
: rrnK. furn.. $S; also double and slnpl" r<x>ms.
i HYDE. 40%— Sunny front alcove suite, $20: also
j front parlor suite complete for housekeeping.
' | JONES, 515B— Elegantly furnished suite, with
I piano and bath; also single rooms, with priv-
ilege of housekpg; flat newly fur. treasonable.
LE ROY, lit, off Sacramento— 3 pleasant sunny
housekeeping rooms; large yard.
McALLlSTER, SZS— 3 nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; sink, range, bath, laundry; $20.
OAK, 119 — Sunny front room, furnished for
housekeeping. $5; gas extra.; suitable for two.
POWELL, 1401—2 or 3 nice sunny connecting
rms. furnished for houaekpg; sink, gas, bath.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna — Corner
tunny suites complete for light housekeeping;
also single rooms; rent reasonable; bath, tele-
phone and reception room. ! ¦
TAYLOR, 10S — Two ounny housekeeping rooms
complete. ' -- -
TEH A MA. 478, near Sixth— Two front rooms
furnished for housekeeping; $».
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3340, near Mission — Sunny
front rooms for housekeeping; furnished.
VAN NESS, 402— Front bay-window suite." new-
ly furnished for housekeeping; gas range.
I VAN NESS. 1021— Front suites; large ¦; single
; rooms with running , water.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
1 a BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st., ;
1900. by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Joseph C.
Griffin and Henrietta A. Kracke. . .
HOFFMAN— ASHER— In this city. I August 28.
19C0 by the Rev. M. S. Levy. William S.
Hoffman of Fresno and Rose Asher of San
Francisco. ¦ '
McMENOMY— TAYLOR— In Golden Gate. Oak-
land, August 26, 1900. by the Rev. Father
Wbyte, John W. McMenomy and Emma, Tay-
lor.
TEGETHOFF— DEAN— In this city, August 24,
1900. by the Rev. J. G. Gibson, John B. Teget-
hoft and Sarah E. Dean, both of San Fran-
WALLSNSTETN — MORGENSTERN— In this
city, August 26. 1900. by the Rev. M. S. Levy,
Bernhard Wallenstein and Lena Morgen-
stern. both of San Francisco.
ROOMS TO LET — Fern, nnd TJnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 520 (The Elk)— Changed hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., $1 50 to $7
week; 23c to $1 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
EIGHTH, 108— Pleasant sunny room, *1 25; two,
12 GO per week. -
ELLIS, 204. cor. Mason (CTlfford)-Handsomely
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FIFTH. 43S— Nice furnished rooms, en suite or
single: unfurnished rooms for light house-
keeping; prices low. '
FOLSOM. 776^— Neatly furnished single room;
reasonable. .
FOLSOM, 963, cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished Bunnyrms., single or suites; reasonable.
GOLDEX GATE, 727— Finely furn. front rm.;
single, en suite; gents; private; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en eulte or
single; ladles* parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— EleRWJit suites; single; tran-
sient: baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. S29— Rooms from Jl w<*k up to »5;
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms. •
HOWARD. 9S9, cor. 6th— Orlando House— New
management: furnished rms. ; suites or sln&le.
JESSIE, 363. near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $4 and $5; large, for 2 persons, $S.
LARKIN, 135 — Neatly furnished rooms; suitable
for two; rent reasonable.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
MINNA. 543. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Nicely
furnished back parlor, with bath.
MINNA. 6G7, ,cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
office*: elevator; 'electric lights; day, wk., rno.
O'FARRELL, 742— Nicely furnished sunny quiet
rooms, en suite or single; gas, bath, phone.
O'FARRELL. 1891— Two nicely furnished front
rooms; sunny; bath; private family: no chil-
dren, j
POST, 527— Newly furnished front room; other j
rooms; unfurnished; reasonable. j
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night 25c to *l, week $1 25 to $1; open night.
ROYAL HQ1TSE,' 126 Ellis st.-Incandescent
light; reacrlhg room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to t8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on of floe
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
I SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136 — Furnished sunny rooms: single or
suites; also rooms for light housekeeping.
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor— Sunny; choice; rea-
sonable: please Investigate.
THIRTEENTH. 527V4. above Guerrero— Large
sunny room for 1 or two 2 ladles. Call be-
tween 4 find 7 p. m. s
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
I Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid. *THE, LATE CHRISTIAN F. STAACK AND THE -UTEAPON OF DEATH.
PRINCIPALS OF AND INNO
CENT SUFFERERS FROM AN
ACROSS - THE - CONTINENT
ELOPEMENT OF AN ERRING
CHICAGO COUPLE.
crete works until about four years ago, when
the pain in my head declared itself again. I
placed myself under the care of physicians, ten
or twelve different ones, but without success.
Four of these doctors operated on my head In
the past two years without any good results.
All these operations, as already stated.
were without favorable result, as the doctors
do not know what to do, and as I cannot stand
the pain any longer I perform the last opera
tion on myself and say my last irood-by, and
wish herewith at the same time the best for my
trood wife and the five children.
C. F. STAACK.
24S6 Market street
Staack was a native of Germany and 59
years old. He leaves a wife and five
children in destitution. The oldest child
is a girl of 13 years. Four. years ago he
retired from business owing to ill health.
He was subject to epileptic fits and fre
quently fell in convulsl on the street.
Mrs. Staack says her husband was
driven to suicide by the neighbors, who
tormented him as well as herself and
children from morning to night. A war
rant was issued two months ago for the
arrest of Mrs. John Tennant, one of the
neighbors. She was accused of knocking
down Mrs. Staack's five-year-old girl.
The case was continued by Judge Ca
baniss and has not since been called.
Mrs. Staack says the neighbors used to
pelt her husband . with stones whenever
he went on the back piazza.
The autopsy revealed the fact that
Staack had used the peg of a toy top in
taking his own life. This small piece of
metal, sharpened down to a point, he had
wrapped with black cotton thread so that
it would fit the mouth of the cannon.
Farmers between Topeka and Kansas
valley are harvesting from 230 to 275 bush
els of potatoes to the' acre.
Valley Lodge; of Workmen.
Valley Lodge, Ancient Order of United
Workmen, held an open meeting in I^aurel
Hall, Shiels building/; last , night. , There
was a very,: large attendance of .members
of the order, also many strangers and a
number of the grand otilcers..< Past Grand
Master . Barnes * presided,' and . after -a
short address Introduced a .number of
speakers, v Among these were Grand Mas
ter. C. E. Snook. Grand Recorder C. . T.
Spencer and 'Grand Overseer E. H. Free
man. Grand i Receiver i Sam ; Booth " enter
tained twlth topical songs , and : there . were
musical s and i literary numbers.
: Ladler."- tailor-made 'suits, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit.' M.- Rothschild. 1 526 Sutter." •
In the Divorce Court.
Stephen McFaull has been granted a di
vorce from Jennie M. McFaull on th»
ground of desertion. Mary Alice Dunbaf
was granted a divorce from Robert C.
Dunbar by Judge Belcher yesterday en
the ground of desertion. Mrs. Dunbar
was awarded the custody - of a son.
Thomas X... and Mr. Dunbar was - given
the custody of an older son. Louis B.
Dunbar. Jennie L. Johnson was granted
a divorce from Frederick T.. Johnson on
the ground of neglect. Decrees of divorce
nave also been granted Abraham Lew
kowitz from Cecelia Lewkowitz for, cruel
ty. Bertha E. Manuel from Frank Manuel
S\T_. fallure to Provide. Julia Leavy from
Christopher -Leavy for cruelty, : Sally de
Bow from Samuel de Bow for failure to
Fi-°m ld n 'Vvir* 1 .?^ h O'Malley. from Wll
l* S:»P, Malley for fa "ure to provide.
Airs. O Malley was awarded the custody
°i Jj er children and alimony Jn the sum
of {Id a month. .
_Suits for divorce have been filed by
Daisy R. Fleishman against Milton P.
Fleishman for desertion. Nellie Owens
against Jeremiah J. Owens for desertion
and Charles H. O. Toy against Mattie C.
Toy for desertion.
Arnold Up on Habeas Corpus.
Judge de Haven of the United States
District Court yesterday Issued a writ in
habeas corpus In the matter of thfe extra
dition of Julian Tregenna Biddulph Ar
nold for embezzlements -alleged to hnve
been committed in London, England. The
writ was applied for by Bert Schlesinper,
counsel for Arnold, and was made re
turnable in the District Court at 10 o'clock
next Saturday morning. ~~ .
The petition for the writ, alleges among
other things that thei£ is no such evi
dence of criminality as would justify the
apprehension and commitment of the pe
tltioner for trial, according to the laws
of the State of California.' if the alleged
offense had been committedMn this State.
Admission Day Visitors.
We secure your rooms in advance, so
avoid confusion and delay. Send Jl to
Admission Day Information Bureau, S30
Market street, San Francisco. ¦ •
Bank Stock ledger paper saves 'your sight.
Order it from Mysell-Rollins, 22 Clay. - •
JENIE NEY LA ROCHE'S
WILL MAY BE ATTACKED
Letter Received by County Clerk
Deane Stating That She Has
Relatives Living. -V
The clouds of ' contest are gathering
about the will of the late Mrs. Jenie-Ney.
la Roche. A letter written by a Mrs. Ire
dale was received by County Clerk Deane
yesterday in which the writer set forth
that 'deceased left heirs at law residing
iir Portland. Mrs. Iredale did not give any
address. Her communication containing
her sentiments on Mrs. la Roche's dispo
sition of her property reads:
'SAN FRANCISCO. Aujrust. 1900.
Dear Sir: Mrs. Jenie Ney La Roche has first
cousins, children of her mother's sister, living:
In Portland, Ore. Is It lawful for strangers
to come in and get all of, her estate?- As the
papers state. she, was a great drinker of alcohol,
etc.. was she" qualified to • make a will and
Kive to her manager and a lady acquaintance
her estate when she 'had blood relations- who
are worthy people and no doubt have not heard
of her death? But.lf a notice was put In the
Portland papers would come> They are Scotch
people. MRS. IREDALE.
Mrs. Iredale's communication will, be re
corded with the papers in the case and
duly considered, by. the court. -V\££
City Attorney Lane informed the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that he finds
nothing In the charter which requires that
pound limits established by the board
shall be co-extenslve with the boundaries
of the city and county. The opinion was
prompted at the suggestion of Supervisor
McCarthy, who contended that no special
legislation was required to extend the
pound limits to the county line,- as the
charter already contemplated such a con
dition. ' .
Charter a.nd Pound Limits.
Piper Will Contest.
Judge Troutt has granted the motion on
behalf of Dr. M. M. Shearer of Sonoma
that his contest to the will of the late
William A. Piper be heard by a Jury,. The
date of the trial has not as yet been set.
Ignores Evidence of Poison.
The jury impaneled by the Coroner to
ascertain the cause of death In the case
of "Colonel" Walter E. Stone, who died at
240 Taylor street on the 2d lnst., returned
a remarkable verdict last evening. In
spite of the fact that the chemist's report
snowed the presence of cyanide of potas
sium in the dead man's stomach, the jur
ors decided that death ensued from nat
ural causes. Justice of the Peace J. E.
Barry, who conducted the inquest, ap
proved the verdict.
BUSINESS MEN FIGHT
ON KEARNY STREET
Lively Mix-Up in Which Confection
ery Business and Cigar Trade
Were Represented.
Fists "whistled" through the air, side
steps and hooks were in order and claret
flew at the corner of Kearny and Post
streets about 6:30 yesterday afternoon
Two men well known in the retail busi
ness section, namely. 1 T. G. Gruenhagen
and Mike Claraty, were the combatants.
Gruenhagen is the confectioner. Claraty
is employed at MAse Gunst's place on
Kearny street, nearly opposite Gruenha
gen's.
There had been trouble previously be
tween the two/ which culminafed in the
little shindy of yesterday. Many specta
tors passed, and paused to get a glimpse
of the mix-up. Claraty is much younger
but not so heavy as Gruenhagen. While
they were at It the work was lively. A
stiff punch on Gruenhagan's nose ter
minated the affair.
GUNS MAY SOON POP
IN CHINESE QUARTER
Hop Sing and Suey Sing Tongs Pre
pare for a Renewal of
Hostilities.
The pop of guns may soon liven up the
Chinese quarter. TJie Hop Slng-Suey Sing
war, which .was conducted with so much
annoyance to the police and so great a
loss of life last winter, is about to break
out again. . Representatives of each fac
tion failed to agree on terms of a set
tlement at a meeting last night, and. the
gathering broke up in a row, each side
as earnest to tight as it was at the com-
meneement of'the hostilities.
The trouble between the two faction?,
was never settled. Most of the Suey Sing
men were cannery employes and v/ent
north during the summer months. Cooks*
and waiters principally composed thf
Hop Sings, and a large portion of its>
membership secured employment in the
interior part of the State. So there was
a temporary cessation of hostilities until
after the summer months had passed.
For the last week the peaceable tongs
and commercial bodies in Chinatown
have been trying to effect a settlement.
Several meetings have been called for
that purpose, but nothing has been ao«
complished at them. !
<;> . &
the Seventeenth-street police station to
await developments. Mrs. Sonntag be
came anxious at her daughter's absence
and went to the grocery, where she was
told that the child had been taken to the
police station by a stranger. She hur
ried to the station and was confronted
by her husband. Both were completely
unnerved, and the woman wept bitterly
because her husband refused to talk to
her. She was detained at the station ajid
Anthony went to 351 Capp street, whero
the eloping couple had been living. under
the name of Rowland, and brought the
younger girl to the station. The Sonn
tags, parents and children, were then
taKen to police headquarters.
Roepke, as soon as he learned what had
happt-nea. went to police headquarters
with his baby boy, Leon, and when he
and Sonntag met in Captain Seymour's
office there was an exciting scene, as
Sonntag could hardly, be restrained from
flying at Roepke's throat. They were all
sent to the City Prison and in about an
hour Mrs. Sonntag and Roepke were al
lowed to go, as Sonntag said he only
wanted his two children. Roepke, with
his baby in his arms, and accompanied by
Mrs. Sonntag, loitered for nearly two
hours on the sidewalk on McAllister
street. The woman was looking at the
prison where her children were confined,
and during all the time she was moaning
and wringing her hands at being separat
ed from them and disowned by her hus
band. Suddenly sne pulled the revolver
out of her dress pocket and fired the bul
let at her right temple, falling with her
head resting on the stone coping near the
entrance to the hall. A crowd quickly
gathered and the woman, with the blood
flowing from the wound in her temple,
was conveyed to the Receiving Hospital.
Policeman McGee took Roepke to the
prison, as it was thought that he might
have fired the shot, but Warren Olney of
101 Sansome street, who saw the shooting
from the hall steps, and others informed
the officer that the woman had fired the
shot.. Roepke, however, was detained and
to-day a charge will be preferred against
him by the wronged husband. His baby
is In the care of the matron. There is
nothing attractive about • Roepke's per
sonality, and the hope was generally ex
pressed that some means would be found
to punish him.
Mrs. Sonntag was repentant at the hos
pital. She said if her husband would only
take her back she would prove a good and
faithful wife to him, as she had seen the
error of her ways. . Sonntag called at the
hospital to see her. and broke, down com
pletely as he stood by her cot. She i m .
plored him to take her back, but he was
obdurate. Later he said that he might
take her back for the sake of the chil
dren.
I came here," he said, "with the inten
tion of killing Roepke, but when I saw my
girl this morning better thoughts came to
me, as the question of. what would become
of her In case I was arrested arose In my
mind. I cannot understand why he pre
ferred my wife to his own, as she Is much
younger, better looking and a fine house
keeper. We have been- married- fourteen
years, having been united a year after I
came to this country from Germany. I
have made up my mind -to stay in this
city and work at my trader so that I can
have a home for my children. Whether
my wife will form a part of that home I
don t yet know."
Sonntag Is small In stature, but he is
a much more intelligent man than
Roepke. He took his two girls away with
him .yesterday afternoon, and this morn
ing will swear to the complaint against
the brassworker. . . , • :
mRS. LOUISA SONNTAG, driven
to despair by remorse and the
loss of her two children, at
tempted to commit suicide at
t!*.p ¦western -entrance to the City Hall on
McAMiEter street yesterday by shooting
herself in the right temple. The bullet
glanced upward, but severed an artery
and the woman bled profusely. She was
hurried to the Receiving Hospital, where
Dr. Victor E. Putnam quickly stopped the
0ovr~/.of Wood and stitched and dressed
liir. wound, which he found was not dan
pro us. The bullet was fortunately fired
fr r m a 22-caliber revolver and had pene
t;at«l.the rim of Mrs. Sonntag's hat be
fore Ftrikine the temple,
.The shooting was the sequel to an elope
rr-rvt. whkh was unusual from the fact
ti'JtX the <-loper9 took their children with
ti em. Mrs. Soiuitag i« a midwife, and
;¦.' out f.fteen months asro attended the
y ung wife of Frank Roepke, a brass
-v>-krr in Chicago, during her confine
trent. After that the families became in
: . ;^ On the morning of July 14 Mrs.
F nmag told her husband. Paul Sonnt&£,
;•. earpent^r. that she was going to San
dxMkjr on a visit, and he insisted on hei
Taking thoir two children with her — Clara,
1) years of age. and Martha, 7— both
bright girl*. She reluctantly consented,
and he faw them <ft* on the train. Tho
fame rr.ornint' Roepke told his wife that
he would takf* the baby out for a rid*
in the baby carriage. That was the way
Mrs. Sonntag and Roepke had planned
an tlnjwment. and they came to this city.
H.>epke had monpaped his house at 2429
Northwestern avenue, for 1700, and left
hip wife pfnTiileps.
When Sonntag heard that his wife had
sloped he hurried to the police authori
ties, and in doing- e<» was knocked down
by a car and had hi? leg broken. The
police made every effort to trace the fu-
Kitives. but failed. Last week Mrs.
ito« pke recefvwT a letter from her - hus
band; from this city that he was tired of
Mrs. Sonntat and wanted to return to
hor. That was the >" first news heard of
the eloping couple. She showed the letter
to Sonntag. who' packed up -his tools and
clothes and started for this city last
Thursday, after receiving a letter of in
troductton from thv Chi<^f of Police to
Chir-f Sullivan. He arrived here Monday
and at onoe placed himself in communi
cation with the r>olice. Detectives An
thony and Graham were detailed on the
case, but Boontac was the first to ob
tain a clew to the whereabouts of the
couple.
He is a member of the Order of Macca
bees, and while purchasing a cane
"Wednesday at a cigar stand on Market
street he discovered that the proprietor
belonged to the order. He questioned
him as to any newcomers, and learned
that a man answering Roepke's descrip
tion had visited some of the lodges and
was stopping on Twenty-ninth street. He
Tnt-t Anthony by arrangement early ye.«-
Tf-rfiay morning and started in to inquire
at corm-r groceries about a family an-
Fwering the description of the elopers
and children. As he was about to enter
the grocery at the corner of Twenty-ninth
and Capp streets his elder daughter.
<_'lara.. came out and ran up to him. He
hugged and ki?5e«3 her. and took her to
CHRISTIAN FREDERICK STAACK,
a retired concrete contractor, com
mitted suicide yesterday morning at
his home. 246S Market street, by
sending a missile through his heart with
a toy cannon. Letters left by him show
that he was undoubtedly insane, if evi
dence were needed other than the strange
means he employed in killing- himself.
At about half-past 8 o'clock his wife
heard the report of a firearm in his room
and hurried thither. She found her hus
band in bed, his breast .covered blood,
and he unconscious and gasping. Doctors
were at once summoned from the German
Hospital, but he died in half an hour.
Staack used a castiron Fourth of July
cannon about four inches long and thirty
caliber.- This he fastened into the top of
a pyramid composed of four blocks, of
wood to steady it. Then he placed it in
a frame on a small table by nls bedside,
moved the cannon to within a few Inches
of his left breast and touched off the pow
der with a match.
.The following letter, written in German
on a letterhead of Fred Staack & C \
and addressed to The Call, was found In
his room:
SA.N FRANCISCO, Cal., 1S9 .
The San Francisco Call: About 19 years ago
I had the mi&fortune to fall from a buiHIn? on
Davis street, near Market, where I was worK
lner as a mason. By this I f>ustaine<1 a com
pound fracture of the left jaw bone, also serious
Injuries. of thjp.head. In th« course of a year
I so far recovered as to be able to carry on
the business of the arttOcial stone and con-
Colonel James R. Garniss, capitalist and
man of business, resident manager of the
American. Surety Company, has married
Miss Barbara Eckert, a trained nurse.
Such is the news which has set the gos
sips talking. Colonel Garniss is white
haired, a pioneer of California. Mrs. Gar
niss Is many years his junior. , Colonel
Garniss was Jll. Miss Barbara Eckert
was his nurse. Her touch was soft, her
manner sympathetic, her skill that of an
expert in anticipating and administering
to every need of the invalid. She had the
qualities which made Sir Walter Scott
utter his famous eulogy on woman:
"When pain and anguish wring the brow,
a ministering angel, thou."
The occasion of the first acquaintance
of Colonel Garniss and Miss Eckert was
the Illness of the former. Dr. George R.
Martin, the family physician, recommend
ed Miss Eckert as a nurse. She hag prac
ticed several years with success. Colonel
Garniss welcomed her. Two years ago
the foimer Mis. Garniss died and Colonel
Garniss was lonely. He saw in Miss Eck
ert the qualities "' tht*t constituted - an
agreeable companion. In the sick "room
a romance began. When Colonel Garniso
reached convalescence Miss Eckert was
made aware that there was more than
gratitude in the manner of her patient,
fahe. attended faithfully to her duties until
he was completely recovered. Then she
departed, for her services were needea
elsewhere.
Her absence brought out her many ex
cellent qualities in strong relief. Colonel
Garniss sought her out and proposed mar
riage. Miss Eckert had reached the age
of ripe judgment, and she appreciated
fully the honor that was tendered. The
Garniss residence on Pine street, between
Leavenworth and Hyde, is handsome, and
the position of mistress of such a. home
is a proud one. At first, however, so the
gossips say. Miss Eckert declined rtie
proffered honor.- Colonel Garniss was bent
on matrimony, and in the end Miss
Eckert consented to become Mrs. Colonel
Garniss.
'lhe marriage did not -take place in this
city, but in ban Mateo. Colonel Garniss
decidedly objected to having his plans
become the subject of gossip. The cere
mony occurred about six weeks ago, July
19 being named as the day to be happily
remembered. Colonel Garniss was a gen
erous bridegroom and the bride received
many handsome presents. After a short
time Colonel and Mrs. Garniss returned
to San Francisco and went to reside in
the handsome home on Pine street. Noth
ing was said. Colonel Garniss has since
told his friends that he considered the
affair was strictly the business only of
himself and Mrs. Garniss and did not con
cern any one else.
However, the gossips have just learned
of the facts. Mrs. Goodman, a sister of
Colonel Garniss, who resraes at the Pal
ace, heard the news only a few days ago
and she was greatly surprised. Colonel
Garnirs smilingly acknowledges that he
is again a benedict.
Mrs. .Garnlss is a native of 'Wheeling:.
TV. Va. She has a sister who is a trained
nurse and who devotes her time to the
care of a brother who is blind. Colonel
Garniss will receive many congratulations
upon his newly found happiness. He ac
knowledged yesterday that he would be
cut of the city for a day or two, antici
pating that his acquaintances would
"josh^' him.
Hiss Barbara Eckert Becomes the
Bride of the Capitalist Whom
She Helped Restore to
Health.
Manager of the American
Surety Company Mar
ries His Nurse.
COLONEL GARNISS
IS THE HERO OF
PRETTY ROMANCE
THE SAN FRAyCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 30, 1900.
SENDS SLUG THROUGH HIS
HE ART WITH TOY CANNON
Christian'. F. Staack, a Concrete Contractor, Em
• ploys' a Strange Method .--of Ending His
Mental and Physical Suffering.
firs. Sonntag EJopes From Chicago With Frank
Roepke and Her Husband, Pursuing Across '
a Continent, Finds Them Mere.
BY DEATH ERRING WIFE
SEEKS TO END REMORSE
12
Opera Glasses
20% Cut,
Including L«malres. with and without handles.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala 10.
OPTICIANS^^^^W.
642 Market 5t. instruments
vr*oit> chromicli BUH.DIN&. C'TALCGUE FREE.
DR.MGNULTY.
n'HISWEU-KSOWX AND RKLrABLE OLD
JL 8p*rlalist<n«r«j Blood Poison, Oonorrboan.Gleec.
Stricture, tf^mliml Weabnest. Impotence ana their
«Ihe«l Disorders. Boot on Disean** of Men. free.
Ov , r . :0 .? enr ' >;ip< ' rie " c '*- Tertn * re '« onnh| e-lJoiir«,
!>to3dallT:6:aOto3.ao«»v > Ks. Sundays, 10 Jo li f.-nsu'.
t:uion freean«lsiicre.lly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE JIcXUIiTY, 31. D.
gg^ Kearny st^ »>n Francisco, CaL
fl 1 FT r\ fill I I CorneT Fourth and
I ALL Ml IV A I Market. S. T. Try
I. til I nil I ill cur Special Brew
Valises checked free.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTEK3. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives h<>al'h and
strength to sexual organ*. Depot, S-3 Market.
39 STOCK rON ST.r near Market.
(Old number 21 Stockton st) .
TELEPHONE/MAIN^SM.
If you have never tasted Jesse .Moore "AA"
whiskey, try ¦ It and be convinced ¦ that ' It la
the best whisker »n the world.
BESIDES THE NOTABLE BARGAINS
WE HAVE NAMED BELOW, WE
HAVE MANY OTHERS IN OUR
GREATLY ENLARGED HOUSEHOLD
. DEPARTMENT. r}*'.
HAMS, Ib.. :.....:....... |3iQ
Finest Eastern Sugrar-Cured Hams.
Regularly 15c.-
MAPLE SUGAR, lb..........|5c
First shipment of new crop.
Guaranteed pure. . v
' Regularly 20c, .
BLACKBERRY BRANDY, qt- bptSOc
Has our highest indorsement
for medicinal purposes.'
Regularly 75c. ';-,(.'
California Olive Oil, qt, Dot ...70c
We consider pur Pt. bot. 4O«
: "Santa Barbara" -brand
the very besf and nurest.
Regularly 1 85c and [ 50c.
LUNCH TONGUE, l-lb can-... 25c
Regularly 30c. • .
WHISKEY; bot. 75c; 3 bots $2.00
„ „ Gallon......^3.00
E. C. Berry Spring '90 Bourbon.
_ Straight goods.
; . Regularly %l 00 and X4 00.
MINCED SEA CLAMS, tin..... |Qc
Makes delicious chowder.
Regularly- 15c. *
CIGARS, "Le Vive," 6 for--. 25o
> Box of 60 82.OO
:•¦ : A- small clear Havana cigar
A fine short smoke. -
;Conntr7 Orders Solioited-Catalogn* Free.
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
SALE
...AT,,,
TO-DAY we place on sale about
THREE HTJNDRED OVERSKIRTS,
made of Serges, plain and brocaded
Cashmeres, Cheviots and Covert
Cloths. Many of these skirts are
samples for coming fall. Most of
th«m are this summer's product. We
intend making a clean sweep of en-
tire lot. Folio-wing prices •will cer-
tainly help us:
Your choice of all our $3 75 to $6 00
OVERSKIRTS at $2 45.
Your choice of all our $3 00 to $3 50
OVERSKIRTS at $1 95.
Your choice of all our $1 25 to $1 50
COTTON COVERT CLOTH OVER-
SKIRTS at 85c. .
Your choice of all our SI 25 to 81 50
WHITE, BLACK or NAVY BLUE
DUCK OVERSKIRTS AT 65c.
CHILDREN'S KILT SUITS, made of all-wool
ladles' cloth; slzeB from 6 to 12; what's left
of them we'll sell for ?2. 10; can not be
bought regularly under $5.00.
WE'VE JUST A SMALL. LOT left of those
CHILDREN'S JACKETS, In navy blue an.l
red; sizes 2 to 12; we're selling them to-day
ot ?1.05; worth 13.75.
Your choice of about fifty ODD CHILDREN'S
JACKETS; the sizes are broken; If you can
find the pizea you want you can havo t;-i«»rn
for J$l. 35 each; some are worth as high
as io.00.
WE'RE SHOWING SOME MAGNIFICENT
PRODUCTIONS IN SILK \VA ISTS.
All-wool EIDER DOWN DRESSING
SACQUES, all colors, from 60e upward. .
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR SPECIALS
LADIES' CAMBRIC SKIRTS, i trimmed, 2 rows
of Insertion and 'deep edge of .lace, worth
elsewhere {2.50; our price.. ...... ;..:.. if 1..1.1
CAMBRIC GOWNS, square and round yoke ef-
.. feetfi, trimmed with fine embroidery or lace-
worth elsewhere J2.00;, our price .. 1*1. lilt
Our great leaders In LADIES' WRAPPERS at
UHc. 91.23 and JM. 48, Uni flannelette or
percale; waist and sleeves 'of ail' our wrap-
pers are lined.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Jones.
Manufacturers" of Ladles' and .Children's ."Wear
Retailed at Wholesale Prices. —
Hale's.
Hale's.
I this is a remarkable sale, I
iWj the values caught and held your patronage and sent g^
Ef2| *k e volume of summer business far beyond any previous S?^|
I'lgfl mark, your appreciation is not lost on us. it encourages ofWjj
fMga us to still more meritorious endeavor — inspires to prog- ISvjf
fnl ress. here are a few of the good things awaiting you to- fK$J
|H two snappy items from the domestic store SB
I&VB bleached sheets— mntie of a g->n<l whit* ncrtm In several difT<»r<>m l5?Fi1
lUvi quality shcetlnc ami finisho.l with pretty !a«-e stride patterns— worth P*%«f
|>y a two-inch hem at top— only ice a yard— only aV^sl
jl ,521c each 7c yard |§{|
H . last words of last lots of summer hats f|l
ftjjl Below is a list of the to-be-evicted kinds, look it I^dj
ffR over, the hats are all this season's goods — stylish, hanrl- W^S
,g£| some and just the scrts that have been most in demand |»§?j
tf»| this summer. Uut the new autumn hats are beginning |jXl
Its *° arr * ve anc * these must go to give them room. J^Yi^i
tell v. Ia ? ie *I r 5 >URh B traw sailor hats in black or white, trirr.mp.l with r'h- £^^9
<~/i bon band hats that are rlpht fcr now and right for the next two months l^gl
lajH to come; but we 11 not count co.«t when we want their room men. yllS
raj now 4Sc each Kg
Bnj children's otraw sombreros, trimmed with silver braid r.n neetl to tpll rarxi
i*M J'f>u how becoming they are to the little ones cr their regular prices- \S}\
Bfl! suffice it to ?ay that the entire remaining stock haa b«-n bunched la ISM
rUm three lots and reduced to r»A_J
Vm SOc, 50c and SI. 00 each )&|
¦ifti children's tam o" shantpr hats and cloth caps In d»-!rable colors thev i?IR«9
Kvv9 nrfh \ ust th< * thlnor for f Ia >' r>r school wear, and these reduced p-ices K*^S
BRo^l should send them to the hfads of little hat wanters in a hurry. Iv2f*3
H now 25c, 35c, 50c and 7;lc each |s|
p handkerchief sale ma
K| the thirty-five cent kind at 23c. tS]
BflQ ladies 1 fine fh^er swi?» handkrrchi-f!.. travelers' sample* that we own FaES
ll'*W ?' a loss t0 the lrn P°«?r: many different styles and each a pronounced ' l&S
kVil , beaut >.: entirely new embroidery effects, with scalloped, hemstitched and B&3
«rt?-| '^ Ce ed f/ s: each handkerchief on a separat- card an<l in perfect condi- ftA§
l^suaY rlTes^o" JS^S^S^S^^ "" "^ "°™ '** *^
lM ladies' handkerchiefs 5c— good enough to use or lose fil
RAH th«y are all r"re linen ami hemstitched in different wid-.hs of hems fi^J3
R^H you'd never guess their goodness from the Uttle price. g?£M
only 5c each fg|
Mechanical Piano Player
Any one can play the piano
witn the aid. of the Angelus.
T:\e Angelus is put in front of
th- piano; the felt hammers r»st
| upon the piano's keys. You
place a perforated paper music
' roll in th<? front part of the An-
gelus, pump the pedals and the
music begins.
You can throw your own in-
J dividuality into the playing by
the use of the organ stops whicn
regulate the vo'umt. Records
can be secured of thousands of
musiral selection*.
I Pnces of the An?elus range
j frcrn $225 to 5325. Call anJ
1 h?ar this wonJerfu! invsntbn.
I Sherman, Clay & Co.,
; Etsirw&y Piaao Dealers,
Cor. Kearay and Sutler Sts . S. F
Cor. 13th an<l Broadway. Oakland
I Cor. 3d and Jtorrlaon St*., Portland.
» 711 Second- Av#.. Seattle
[painless I
I DENTISTRY ! I
B ' i Evenings until 9. Sundays all * H
K ' Fuli Set of Teeth, rain- A R
m less extractions tree. .$4. on up I H
H ' Gold Crowns, 22-k $:?..-»<) up O
H Fllllnrs —Soup fj
M - " Teeth Without Plates Our." B
¦ ¦ " Specialty. We gi va cas. . " Fj
I "VAN V7?OOAf,"|
B IOOI MARKET, M
ISIXTH and MARKET. |
9 v ' a- k ; '"\\ eSPS
Ha 'v-lf* -~_~_~ '." "" .j-i. r.^1 - . - ' '!-' ' H 1
purBarOutfits 1
H Are all ready for shipment upon re- |j
H ceipt of your order. We* keep a large M
B , stock always on hand — from 4^ to jH
H SEND FIVE CENTS IN STAMPS TOR NSW TURNITTntE CATAL03. ||
I THE J. NQONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc., |
B 1017-1023 Mission St., Above Sixth, ]fi
H PHONE SOUTH 14- S AJ * FRAXC19CO. |;jj