PRICE FITE CENTS.
Full Report on Pago Three.
(CONTINUED ON SECOND PAQE.)
the left.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAN
JOSE. Sept. C — The represen
tatives of the unterrifled and
bold Democracy of the State
of California are In convention
assembled in this the Garden
City, to wrestle -with the problems of
| choosing candidates and framing a plat
! form that will contain a sufficiently lurid
pronunciamento against the Republican
party.
The committee of arrangements took
; hold of the decoration problem this morn
[ ing before the Victory Theater, where the
convention Is now In session, opened, and
by 11 o'clock the problem was solved.
Flags, the national colors and palm leaves
formed the basis of most of the decora
tion*, and pictures of Bryan and Steven
son were hung from the stage and boxes.-
A larg« fla? fell from the front of the
stage Just over the chairman's desk and
framed and oil painting of Bryan, tho
Democratic standard bearer. On both
sides of this hung flags, draped from the
files to the wings, and looped up behind
potted palms. Flags waved from the
boxes and more flags hid the railings and
framed the pictures of the Democratic
Presidential candidates hung from the
upper columns. Around these columns
evenrreens had been twined. The stage
was pet with a forest scene, and report
ers, convention attaches and committees
of prominent citizens filled the seats
among the trees. The auditorium was
dotted with blue silk banners bearing the
name* of the delegations that- sat under
them. The place of honor in the center
went to San Francisco. Los Angeles was
bestde It on the right and AlamedLa oh
This was done amid . tumultuous ap
plause, and Senator Sims appointed A. B.
Ware, M. F. Tarpey, Max Popper, Seth
Mann and Frank Gould as a committee
Warren English of Alameda also sec
onded the nomination and moved that the
nominations close and that the secretary
cast the ballot. , ., •;'$-';£
Then there was more applause and cries
of "Fitzgerald— Fitzgerald" cut Ware
short and he had to, conclude.
T. C. Coogan of Alameda seconded the
nomination.
"His name is R. M. Fitzgerald."
Mr. ' "Ware would have continued, but
shouts of "Name him! Xame him!" pre
vented further progress and Ware had to
shout:
Naming of Fitzgerald.
Let me say now, In regard to this cheap labor
question, that it is to the Democratic party
that we owe the fact that we have an exclusion
act. The trentleman I am gcing to name
fair-minded. It is a pleasure for me to nom
inate a man ". born" In this great Golden State
of our? — this State that will rank among the
foremost of this great nation, and I am glad
this gentleman will accept the nomination, for
honor should be Riven where honor Is due. I
am glad to b" able to say that this gentleman
has received an education In our own univer
sity; that he is sound and broad of mind, and
that his heart throbs in sympathy with his
people and with his principles. Gentlemen, the
person I shall name Is In line and touch with
all the statements ret forth in the platform
of the National Democratic Convention at
Kansas City. He believes In the Income tax:
he favors tho Nicaragua canal; the election of
United States Senators by direct vote of the
people. He is opposed to Imperialism and the
importation of Japanese. Chinese and Filipino
cheap labor.
I take pleasure In namln» a sttrlln* Demo
crat—* man who : U knowa , u impartial and
A. B. Ware of Sonoma accepted the In
vitation and sought' the stage Jn response
to repeated calls for "Platform! Plat
form!" Hesald:' ' • "
Then the convention got down to busi
ness. First Senator 81ms paid a compli
ment to D. M. Delmas as an able speaker
and a good Democrat, and. announced tnat
Mr. Delmas would address the convention
in the afternoon. • Then he called for nom
inations for temporary chairman.
Two songs were not enough and so a
man In the .gallery, rose and asked that
the "lady with the eloquent voice sing
'The Star-Spangled Banner.'" The "lady
with the eloquent -voice" was Miss Mary
Webster, and aided by the quartet ren
dered the song, while an Iroquols brave
brought forth a flag and every one stoo^l
up till the song was ended.
• .Feast of Song.
"Hurrah for. Bryan," a campaign song
of the enthusiastic type, was well sung
by the Harmonia Quartet, composed o*
Mary E. Webster, Lulu Piepe, Ernest
Wentzel and Henri Dykmans.
There was great applause at this wel
come and amid the cheers that ' followed
were mingled shouts of commendation for
San Jose, the convention committees,
prospective candidates, the chairman and
every one concerned.
that you will return home and tell your own
wives that San Jose is not only the Garden
City, but the Princess of Hospitality. Gentle
men, San Jose la yours; the gates are open
and the bars are down, and if there is any
thing you want, just eay so and you shall
have It.
At nuch a time as this the citizens of San
Jose thoroughly appreciate the selection of San
Jom as the place of assembly for the Demo
cratic wisdom of the State. We shall appre
ciate It still more after the votes have been
counted. After your deliberations have been
completed w* will offer you suoh entertainment
Sena£or Sims then introduced Victor A.
Schiller, who, on behalf of the Mayor of
San Jose, who could not attend, welcome i
the delegates to the Garden City and
promised the hospitality of a hospitable
city. He said:
At the mention of the names of Bryan
and Stevenson In his speech the delegates
rose to their feet and cheered and re
peated the cheer until they became tired.
At the close of Chairman Sims' address
the convention rose again and cheered tho
speaker. Then the band struck up "Amer
ica" and, still standing, the convention
Joined in the grand old chorus.
It was 11:40 a. m. when Senator J. C.
Sims of Sonoma, chairman of the State
Central Committee, stepped forward and
rapped the convention to order. The band
broke Into "There'll Be a Hot Time In the
Old Town," and the delegates stood up
and cheered. It was a warm welcome
that Senator Sims received, and the
speech he made was frequently punctu
ated with applause.
Sims Opens the Ball.
It was 11 o'clock before the doors were
opened, but after that it did not take long
for the theater to fill. The lower floor
was sacred to the delegates and the front
rows of the gallery wire reserved for the
ladles. The band started the enthusiasm
with the "Star Spangled Banner," and all
rose In respect to the national air.
to escort Mr. Fitzgerald to the chair.
There was great applause when the tem
porary chairman mounted to the stage,
and after shaking hands all round ha
rapped for order and made an able and
temperate speech.
As soon as the chairman had ceased
speaking and the applause had died away
Nicholas Bowden of Santa Clara moved
that the chair appoint a committee of
fifteen on credentials. This was objected
to on the ground that the officers of the
convention had not been elected, but M.
P. Tarpey explained that in courtesy to
the city Santa Clara County should b©
allowed to name the officers. In antici
pation of this suggestion, which was put
in the form of a motion and carried, the
officers had already been named, and they
were announced as follows by the chair
man:
Secretary. J. P. Sexe: first assistant secre
tary, D. M. Burnett: second assistant secre
tary, Sewell Hatcher: third assistant secretary.
Gus Mullen: sergeant at arms. A. J. Cran
dall; stenographer, L. E. Bontz.
Then Bowden's motion was put and car
ried.
Tarpey of Alameda moved that the
chair appoint a committee of thirty-five
and a chairman on resolutions. This was
carried.
F. W. Allender of Los Angeles moved
that a committee of twenty-five on per
manent organization and order of busi
ness be appointed by the chair. Also car
ried.
Then motions to adjourn began to ex
plode In all parts of the theater and the
chairman -finally recognized one to ad-
"Worls: of Organization Proceeds Rapidly and "Witno'u.t
HEEitoli or CTar of _A.:n.-y KZirLd-.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEMOCRATIC DELEGATES ASSEMBLE IN CONVENTION
TO PREPARE FOR THE GREAT POLITICAL BATTLE
(FROM A SKETCH MADE IN THE VICTORY THEATER, AT- SAN JOSE, BY ONE OF THE CALL'S ARTISTS.)
SENATOR J. C. SIMS OF SONOMA CALLING THE DEflOCRATIC CONVENTION TO ORDER.
CAM, HnADQT-ARTERS SAX
JOSK. sepu c-This flay in the I
Democratic Convention was I
devoted chiefly to oratory,
music a*ia cheering. The band
played "Tbe Star-spangled
Bannt-r" a* an opener; an Iro
quois brava waved the flas
and the delegates arose and cheered i
The band played "America" and the au- •
eicr.ee arose and sang. A patriot with
ruffled fur In his voice aske^ "the elo
quent lady" of the quartet to Fing "The
Etar-spangled Banner." The suggestion
•was sustained by a mig-hty shout of ap
proval. The lady came forward with her
companions and sang- the national son:?.
Everybody arose and cheered the flap
The enthusiasm deepened as the dny'
wore on, culminating: In a tremendous
ovation to ex-Senator "White and pro
lor.ped shouting: for Bryan.
Before the adjournment of the forenoon
p'-spion the delegates were apprised of
the entrapment of D. M. Delmas to de
liver the Btar oration of the occasion m
the afternoon. At that hour the places !n
the galleries of the Victory Theater,
which were vacant In the forenoon, were
all filled. Orator Delmas' advent was
FipnaJed by succeeding: waves of applause.
He spoke for an hour or more, sending i
forth a flood of eloauence. When he
rame down from the clouds to plain earth
*nd scored Mark Hanna the Democrats
howled like Dervishes.
The afternoon srsslon afforded addi
tional proof that Stephen M. White is
the cherished idol of the California Demo
crats. The thought of the Phelanltes
Maying the tide of enthusiastic com
mendation for the gifted ex-Senator ia
utterly absurd. White Is revered and
exalted. Phelan Is not mentioned.
Oavin McKab Is handling the conven
tion In the cleverest manner ever seen in
California.
iKkgatos of the back-number files were
saying to-day that The Call's forecast of
the nomination of W. C. Graves for Con-
in the Sixth District would not be
because Mr. Graves was sup
ported by the Southern Pacific Company.
Graves was nomlnnted to-night and the
railroad hand, which The Call yesterday
said was risible, has been felt. The pass
is a power In politics when the Journey is
Jon* and the holder's conscience Is dull.
At large Ex-Senator J. II.
Sc;t*v«»ll of Meudorlno.
At larsr— \Villar«I A. Stlmp
>on nf I,o» Antrim.
Fir«t I)i*trict^-J. P. HnviM-x
of Ilamboldt.
S*m-oii«I DUtrirf \V. n. Jm
rabi of San Joaqain (nomi
nated).
T!>.lrd District W. L.. Vra
i )<•••¦ of Lake.
Fourth District — William T.
Hasan tt of San FrancUro.
I'lltl* liKirln Jamca M.
HlorU. of San I rnncUco.
Sixth District— T. A. Rice of
Ventura 'nominated).
Seventh District Canto* 31.
*"¦• *>f San I'-'-niio.
of San ;...i> Obinpo tnw.til-
Sirnth District \V. l>.
Crlcbton of Fresno (noml-
ELKCTORAI. FOKECAST.
cam. ncAmtrAiiTEBS «j_*n
•JO*!-:. S«-p{. <{. — Follonrins i% a
fnmmary of ili«* probable r< -
nil of tli*>rilhtri<-t <*<»nvrnt(nnn.
In tho iif«trlot« wli»*i-«» nominu
tioiiK were trot made fo-nlpr'i*.
ih" ej»ml»«!nte« irhour nanics
sro {iJv«»i» :;|;,>.'jir practicsll)'
n-rtaln to »»«¦• rhourn:
COXGRESSIOXAL FORECAST.
¦ ¦ • ' "-' .'
Virr.t District Kmmet S«?a
•vrll or >onon,n.
•Second District — Jo I).
Sprnn) of Battf <noritli«atc«l).
Tlifr«J IM«« Tict Frank rrce-
Fnnrth Dtttrict — It. Torter
*¦••*»»' o* San FrRnrl»ro.
FVfth IMfcfriei J. II. Hrnry
of Santa ' I: r:i.
Sixiii DUtrirt — W. C. Grave*
MEN WHOSE NAMES
WILL GO UPON THE
DEMOCRATIC TICKET
Delrnas Divides
Honors With
Little Giant of
the Southland,
White, the Idol
of Democracy,
Is Acc2a!rned
With Fervor.
Enthusiasm at
the Close of
C o nven ti on
atSanta Cruz.
Grand Augury
for Success
of the Party
in November,
CLOSING WORK
OF REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION
Adoption of platform.
Presidential Electors nomi
nated:
At Large — Samuel M. Short
ridgs of San Francisco.
At Large — William J. Bar
rett of Los Angeles.
First District— J. W. Kyan
of Kumboldt.
Second. IMstrict — Harold J.
Power of Placer.
Third District— W. R. Davis
of Alaraeda.
Fourth District — C. B. Hods
of San Francisco.
Filth IMstrict— Frank Mc-
Gowan. of San Francisco.
Sixth District— "Warren R.
Porter of Santa Cruz.
Seventh IMstrict — James
McFadden of Orange.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SAX
TA CRUZ. Sept. 6.— The Re
publican State Convention ha*
finished its labors and Santa
Cruz has returned to the mon
otony of cvery-day life. The
great assembly of Republicans
ended Its session In an enthusiastic out
burst that augurs well for success.
There were cheers for the ticket and the
nominees: thanks to the generous people
of Santa Cruz; congratulations for th<s
officers and praise for their discretion ar.«J
impartiality.
The Republicans of California have hold
many successful conventions, but none
will surpass that which has Just closed In
pleasant memories and material results.
While the delegates were late in arriv
ing at the convention hall they were
prompt and ready In conducting and con
cluding their business when they did ar
rive. 1 They elected thetr permanent offi
cers, adopted a platform and ratified the
nominations of Presidential Electors
made by the seven Congressional conven
tions. Turning then to the business
which intimately concerned them as a
general body the delegates elected two
Presidential Electors at large. Samuel 3X.
Shortridge- of San Francisco and W. J.
Barrett of Los Angeles were unanimous
ly chosen.
In estimating the results of this conven
tion the address of Samuel M. Shortrldgra
delivered yesterday will receive the great
est consideration. Mr. Shortrldge was
chosen to enunciate the principles, char
acterize the aspirations and proclaim the
policy of- the Republican party of Cali
fornia In this campaign. In accepting this
duty Mr. Shortrldge evidently f«lt Its
serious responsibilities and his effort
more than Justified the highest expecta
tions of his hearers. His address perhaps
will more truly be the platform of tha
party In this State than will be the doc
ument which bore that name to-day.
"When the convention had adopted Its
platform to-day, had ratified district
nominations, had chosen Its own electors
and had pledged an earnest, active, per
sistent rapport of the national ticket. It
listened to several addresses and. ad
journed. Just one hour, from 10:30 o'clock
thia morning to 11:30 o'clock, was con
sumed In the deliberations.
One of the pleasing features of tho
closing hours was the speeches. Includ
ing: one by Frank McGowan. In response
to the insistent demand Mr. McOowan,
answered, and his words were the last
to echo In the memories of the convention
delegates. He was eloquent, brilliant,
logical and enthusiastic. In part he spoke
as follows, and his stirring words gava
fitting conclusion and climax to the Re
publican convention of 1300:
"I want a republic imperial In Its devo
tion to labor; In Its sacred regard for the
rights of American citizens.
"I want a republic brave enough to es
tablish its government wherever the brav
ery and patriotism of the soldiers and
sailors carry Its flag.
"I want an Imperial republic thr.t feela
the awakening impulse of civilization;
that will throw its heart and strong arm
Into any country where there Is an Amer
ican citizen to be protected.
"I want a republic so Inspired by the de
votion of her brave sons and the zeal of
her virtuous daughters and so loyal to
the traditions of American life that she
will be brave enough, no matter upon
what soil, not to permit her flag to be
dragged back Into defeat."
Cheers greeted ths speaker's remarks.
ENTER THE BOLD DEMOCRATIC UPON SCENE!
EXIT THE REPUBLICANS WITH LABORS ENDED!
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER .7, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 9"..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Continued on rage Eleven.
Aji<5 works oTt the coll. Laxative Bromo-Qui
nlne Tablet* cure a cold !n cne day. No cure,
no pay. Price 25 cents.
Stops the Cough
ST. PAUL, Minn., Sept. 6.— Governor
John Lind was renomlnated by the Dem
ocratic State Convention by acclamation
at 1 o'clock this afternoon.
R-enominated for Governor.
BOISE. Idaho, Bept. 6.-The Democrats
and Populists have not yet got together,
and the outlook to-night is that anything
like a complete fusion will not be effected
Not. Agreed Yet.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAN .TOSE^
Sept. 8.— The committee on platform and
resolutions was In session to-night till 1
o'clock without finishing its labors.
Chairman White will make a draft of tha
platform In accordance with resolutions
Sacramento— P. C Cohen and W. J. Hassett;
Fl Dorado Max Mlerson and Joseph Rlcherrer;
r'alaveras— XV. A. Power and C. L. Ketler:
Placer— Hen P. Taber and Oeorge Hamilton;
Amador— A Camlnnettl and E. XV. Perkins;
Yuba— O XV. Stratton and C. B. Andn>s»: Ne
vada— Ji'e V. Fnyder and Samuel Fut!er; Mari
ro _W. a , M. Wllburn and J. A. Adalr; San
Jonquin— J"hn C. Doyle and Oeorsre E. Catts;
Butte— J. O. Lewis and XV. J. Grler: Inyo-J.
A McKenzie and Julius Elbeschutz: Putter— K.
p' Mshi.n and \V. J. Rrltton; Tuolumne— J. II.
Rodgrers and C. V. Jones.
The convention then adjourned.
FORECAST OF THE
PLATFORM WHICH
• WILL BE PRESENTED
A Congressional committee. compnjM
of the following delegates, was also .se
lected:
We heartily endorse the course of
Hon. Marion de Vries as Congressman
from the 'Second District of Califor
nia. He was vigilant, industrious,
faithful and able, a credit alike to hia
party and his State. We congratulate
the country upon his appointment tn
a responsible position and anticipate
and request his unanimous confirma
tion to such office by the Senate of
the United States.
W. P. Lynch. OrorflJe: G. V. Pltzler. Blgr**:
E. E. Pigs". Griill^y: B. Cussick. Chico. and
D. F. Crowder. Chlco.
Hushes submitted the fellowinsr resolu
tion, which was unanimously adopted:
The following Democrats were chosen
by Mr. Sproul to act as members of th»
Second Congressional purity committee:
The flrs-t order of th? business was th<»
nomination of a Congressman. Kx-Sen
ator A. F. Jones of Butte placed Mr.
Sprnul'p name before the convention in
an eloquent speech, dcor.^e K. Catts of
Stockton, on behalf of the youncer ele
ment of the Democracy, seconded th<>
nomination of Mr. Sproul. Several other
persons made eulogistic remarks and Mr.
Sproul was unanimously chosen.
Nominations for Presidential Etector
were next in order and II. E. "Welch of
San Joaquin submit tetl the name of ~\Y.
R. Jacobs of Stockton C. T. Hugh-?*
seconded the nomination and Mr. Jacobs
was made the unanimous choice of iho
convention. Mr. Caminettl nominated D.
B. Spasnoli of Amador County as alter
nate and he was chosen by acclamation.
Immediately after the convention -w.i*
called to order Thomas S. Ford was elect
ed chairman and Joseph V. Snyder elect
ed secretary.
Thomas S. Ford of Nevada,
but thp latter withdrew frnm the contest.
leavinp the field clear to Mr. Sproul.
only rival for the honor was
Special Dispatch to The Ca!T.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SA^
JOSE. Sept. 6.— Jo D. Spretil
of Butte County was unani
mously nominated for Con
gress In t'np Second District
convention this evening. Ilia
SPROUL NOMINATED
BY ACCLAMATION
'•I helped cre.ite the Republican party, a
party at that time of Justice and honesty. I
now believe that It Is a party of Injustice and
despotism and I will help to destroy It. In
my old age I leave the Republican party, as
It has surrendered Itself to despicable and
tyrannical motives. I am for Bryan."
Ar.d It v.a? but shortly before that that one
of the founders of th* Republican party—
Gf-nrso S. rtoutwell of Massachusetts— a con
temporary of I,incoln. who had devoted himself
to the cause of Republicanism through youth,
through manhood and rip? old aee, standing
in the presence of the Liberty Congress as
sembled at Indianapolis, said:
It Is hut a few weeks since, in our own
State, a man prominent in business and finan
cial affairs, revolting against the new heresies
of the party in whose service the best years
o! his manhood had been consecrated wound
up an open letter with these simple but elo
quent words: "I shall vote for Bryan."
My Democratic friends, you who are arrayed
on one s-ide of this contest, be of pood cheer.
The slsns are propitious; the augury of the
future Is bright. Not a day passes but does
not bring poor] tidings promising- final triumph.
It Is but ris'it that we heard that one of the
honors Senators of Maryland, who had been
Identified with the Republican pnrty for the
la.«t twcr.ty-flve years and who had received at
Its hand* honors in no stinted measure, had
stooi! upon t?>e same platform as William J.
Bryan, abjuring his nlleyiance to a party
whore principles h? could no longer approve,
and proclaiming his conversion to Democracy.
V."hat will be tlie result of this momentous
contest? When the battle Is over next Xovem
l.er, what bp.nncr shall be found still reared
aloft ntid waving nvcr the battlefield? The, All
Wise alono. who holds Use destinies of nations
in thp hollow r.f his hand, knows that.
After November's Battle.
The banners are flung to the
breeze. Under the folds of one
is arrayed the army of imperialism.
Under the other those hosts of free
dom who still believe, with undying
devotion, in the principles of the
Declaration of Independence,
who still revere the teachings of the a^res
oi earlv days, and would shape thflr thoughts
pecordirir to the precepta of Washington, jef
fcrson and Franklin: who would not exchange
the rcTiubllc In which they and their children
were born for all the monarchies and em
pire?, with their attendant colonies, of ancient
or modern Europe, who look with pride upon
the flair as yet unstained by one s=insle act of
perfidy or national dishonor; who have learned
nt their mother's kr.ee, and with Klowlntr
ch»oks and kindling- ryes have recited / ln their
village school the story of our own revolution;
and who believe the bronzed Inhabitants of tho
I'hlliri'lpes may with an much rljrht mid as
much claim to human sympathy as the orator,
statesman and patriot of old Virginia exclaim,
"Oive me liberty or pive me death."
U Is. not my purpose to dwell longer on this
theme. Its Importance, its magnitude, must
h<- apparent to every rcfloctinj? mind. Tho bat
tle Is now on.
Who will h» Vrnffited by three colonial pc
nuisitlons? Not the working-man. He cirnot
labor thfrc. climate forhidrr nnd the es-
t jtbl ishf-'i rote of conipt*ns?t!on witultl b*»t!i de
grade and impoverish him. Net the fnrmor.
The population do not consum" hi? products.
Vno th'.n? The favored few. who by means
of privil<"K°s and crrnces^'tjns may produce
cheaply there, v.ith l;ih'-r practically servile,
what they expect to se!l dearly here.
Is there any logic by which to discriminate
between the two cares? No. We found both
peoples strupRlinR for their freedom. We ac
cepted both as allies. We pave lioth. expressly
or hy fair implication, to understand that their
liberty would be their rc-word. If we now pur
sue the policy which the Republicans have In
view against the Filipinos what is our crime?
Measured by our own standard, r.djudjred by
the very utterances of our chief maKlstrate,
we stand for the first time In our history con
fronted with a breach of faith, perfidy and dis
honor before thf- poiplfs of the earth.
And now how do we propose to re
deem our pledges? By giving the Cu
ban his freedom and keeping the
Filipino under subjection.
"I sr>eak not of forcible annexation, for that
cannot be thoueht of. That by our code of
morality wouM be criminal aggression."
In the next place, a resolution was introduced
In the Ponate and adopted by Congress declar-
Irp that the people of Cuba— toward which our
eyes were then chiefly turne<l. who were then
strugglinc -iKalnst £=paln for their independence,
were entitled and of rlcht ought to bo free.
With these distinct declarations of our aim and
putpoRp inscribed upon their banners, the
armies and navies of the nitl'iwfrt t*~++i »t
cr.nauer. The result of the brief strugele !¦
known to the world. Cubans ana httiyimM
alike were accepted In the content by us as
allies aeainEt a common foe. We conquered,
of course.
Congressional District Convention wer
called to order this evening by Louis de
F. nart!elt. William Dr-nman nominated
Curtis Hiliyer for temporary chairman
and Sydney Van Wyek named John J
Oreelejr for temporary secretary. There
betas no opposition, both jjentlemen were
fleeted by unanimous votes.
The feelinp that pervaded the other
ron\-entior.s was shown when Delegat-i
Van Wyck made a mction for an adjourn
ment until the committee on credentials
could report. The motion prevailed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAN' JOSE,
Fept. 6.— The delegates to the Fourth
Fpecial Dl5r*tch to The Call
DELEGATES TO THE
FOURTH ADJOURN
Dr W. I.. Prathor of Lake County will
in all probability, be chosen Presidential
elector from the district. Tho friends of
F.d E. Lcake of Woodland wanted to con
fer the honor upon him. hut were dis
purded frnm placinp Ills name before the
convention by him. He notiiir d his friends
that he was not a candidate for that or
any nthr-r nffiVe. and cave his n^urance
to C£W. Thomas of Yolr. that he would
<3o all he could as a newspaper man to
r remote the interests of the Democracv
!n the present campaiprn.
After consi'lerahle argument the con
vention adjourr.e.l to the call of the chair
Thr-^r who voted apaiim an adjourn
ment repressed their opinion that it was
done for delay 50 that tho friends of
Hinim I.uttrcll of Alameda could pather
their forces and array them atralnst
Frank Freeman of tVJIloWfl. who is prom
inently mentioned as the nomine** for
Coccresa in tho Third Congressional" Dis
trict.
R<fnrf> adjourning, however, temporary
organization was . fleeted. S. Hachrach o*f
Oakland called the delegates to order. He
f=ai-J the first order of business was the
election of a temporary chairman. T. C
Coogan of Oakland nominated S<nh Mann
ex-chairman of the Stale Central Com
mittee, for the office, nnd ns there was no
opposition he was chopen by acclamation
F. Bachrach was chosen temporary secre
tary.
FAX JOSE, F>pt. 6.— Delegates to the
Third Congressional District Convention
he-Id a short session this evening nt the
convention hnll. and after d;scu?Finj? the
dancer of Invalidating the election of
their nominees adjourned until to-mor
row, and will r^conv^tip when the com
mittee on credentials of th« State con
•vntion has maoo itp report and it Is
s'loptf-d by that august body.
THIED DISTRICT
MERELY ORGANIZED
ORGANIZATION- ANT» ORDER OF nt"PI
ICE6S—F. \F. Allcnfler, Charles K. McFU:rley,
Pah Mann. Frar.V Wilklns. Georre '"'leat'e,
UtrnTT* IfcDaqc C. T. Hushes. S. B. Cassidy.
Walter E. ll'ir.fnzpr. A. It. I">cnicke. L. N.
ttetter. J"hn Ton-.alty. J. J. T'onovan. Ixm!s
K'lrarl. John N. Woo<1?. James- MrConrark,
W. E. Duncan Jr.. Joseph Adrjir, C O. Dun
feer. Dr. C W. Evans. F. t>tudi!lo. D. F
rvnouch. T. C. Jl'-gan. r. W. Thomas. \V. II.
Zander.
PLATFORM AND RSSOL.CTXO2C&-8. M.
Whltf. chairman: M. F. Tarpey. Alameda; R.
H. I.«tim»>r. Ortri Costa; IV. H. McKenzIe,
FreFno; Judge E. W. WlUon. Humboldt; II.
A. Jastro. Kern; J. L C Irwin. Kings: A. F.
Jrr.<**, Butt*: John Oriffin. Madera: J. H.
V ilklnr, Marin; J. Ti. Panford. Mendoclno:
J'ln T. y>rk. Napa: F. O. D.-.niel. Orange; E.
.T. n>ctor. JCevmda; Daniel O?trcm, Sinter; h.
II. \* Hue. Paernn-.ento: M. T. Porllni?-. Pan
l>-nito; Byron Waters. San IVrr.arrtino; C, K.
K'-lmbcrji. t:jtTi Hiego; .-.¦:•! Hraunhart.
Loota Oe F. Hartleu, J. A. Devoto. Max Pop
r*r. W. F. FinttM. Jasper M^DonaM, Barclay
Henley. Pan Fruncisco; Geonere Tl. Potts, Pan
JuiTJin: A. McAllister, San Luis Obispo: C.
A. Ft^rke. Santa Harbara : L>. M. iJelmasj Santa
Oara: \V. T. JeUr. Panta Cruz; A. B. ' Ware.
Frr^rr.a: T. OL Toland. Ventura; H. Levlnson,
Tularf-; C. \V. Thompson. Yolo; A. Caminettl.
> iredor.
rnMMITTF.K OX CHKnENTIATJS— Nicholas
Iliwl'it. chairman: E. \V. Chapman. El r>o
raflo; .T. J. Ounn. Ir.yo: W. I.,. I'rather. Lak»:
Pr. W. K. Hill. I>os Anjre!es: Thomas Duffy.
TV1 None; n. V. Sarpent, Monterey; Ororj;*
Wnfr.hart. Nevada: Gil'is Doty, facramento;
John A. Hicks. Sacramento; R. H. <5e Witt.
BiiJcijraa: J. C Wollefclll, SoJano; TV. F.
Greta. Sonoma; .T. K. I-a Rue, Nara; J. J.
W<-nh!rtirton. Trhama.
Chairman Fiizgerald made an
n'vjncemr'nt of the following committees
that had been selected:
WHEN the rcrf>c S had expired
and the convention was again
called to nrdcr TemDorarv
FITZGERALD MAKES •
ANNOUNCEMENT OF
THE COMMITTEES
J<-ium to 3 o'clock. This was objected to
ard the hr.ur fixed at 2 p. m., and then
en Max Popper's motion a recess of fif
tf»r. minutes was taken.
(CONTINUED FROM FIRST PAGE.)
DEMOCRATS
AT SAN JOSE
Remember that the foe 13 alert; that the tat
Is nb!e: that the foe can brinu not only or
dinary political weapons but an Imperialism of
interests, upnn which they have concentrated
their efforts and which can contribute dollars
and cents. The Democratic rarty has n"ver
been enmgfd in the bood!e of commercialism
which has no conscience to obey. It Is there
fore that we ail appeal to you one and all dis
interestedly to engage in this sreat work, re
memberinsr that you are not striving for your
selves, but for your children, to* whom you
wish to leave unsullied and untarnished tha
good name of their country.
The Democratic party can 99 »*•
fore the people, taking their stand
upon the platform adopted by the
party, representing the glorious sen
timent of every American who truly
loves his country.
I have -onfldencp in American principles and
hearts, and lr.t?ffrity. having that confidence.
I thieve that v.e will be victorious, and I
know of no on» in all this republic as compe
tent to lpa.l us as William Jennings Bryan.
<<rreat arr>laus».> I am Klafi to say that t
kn -w him thortiushly. both as a man. an r,r
fWr and as a political aspirant. I know hi*
inflexible .!et°rm!natlon to dr. that which is
riK.it, his loyalty to profession and his derer
rnlnatir.n to vindicate the promises mnAe hv
hU rarty. T know that ho Is attached to the
r K Can . u- a 5? <1 that ll '* because cf th.nt
attachment that h- is s«ek!n s to save her from
that desradatiofl threaten^ at th- hands ol
imwrijli.ttip republican protectionists ¦
¦1 .: •2325!? dl -' t 'neu!shed rnlleajtue I haT«
.? f-netal anri personal way known int<
m»te y alrn. I am aware of his views, of Mm
stainless character, of his services, of the In
tegrity of his aspirations, and the ability to
execute the trust confided in him * '
Tribute to Bryan and Stevenson.
belonging to another. I have no Interest to lead
this gesat nation Into perpetuation of & crlma
that must make her in time to come the laugh-
Ing stock of the world. I do not fear but that
the American people will solve this rightly—
n^t amid armed coMiers. not to the tune of
o drum, nnt to the clash of the sword does
liberty find an opportunity. But when the
battle Is over and we sit down and reflect— If
it Is but for a moment— we will solve the ques
tion all richt.
Sets Forth the Issues for Which
Democracy Is Contending and
Denounces Imperialism.
FORCEFUL SPEECH OF
EX-SENATOR WHITE
CALL HEADQUAETER5, SAN JOSE, Sept. 6.— One of the
best oratorical efforts it has ever been the fortune of delegates
to a California Democratic convention to listen to was the
speech delivered to-day by Ex-TJnited States Senator Stephen M.
White. It was a forceful review of the issues of the campaign and the
principles for which the party of Bryan is contending. The ex-Sena
tor was given an ovation when he appeared upon the platform, and 'the
speich throughout was frequently interrupted by applauss. He devoted
considerable time to an assault upon the so-called policy of imperialism
which he accused the Republican party of attempting to foist upon ths
American nation, and denounced the subjugation of an alien race as un-
American and not in accord with the traditions of a free people. The
trusts came in for a vigorous attack, and the other bones of contention
between the two political parties were treated in detail.
TJ DO not intend to attempt to detain you
h after the mfsrnlficerK presentation of the
! B Issues that have just been made. It would
bo folly for me to Intervene, but In view
of your invitation I cannot but thank you
for the compliment which you have Kiven raf.
Aftf-r listening to the eloquent periods of my
* distinguished friends. I cannot but recall the
great battles that were fought in tho Congr»?s
of the United States with reference to threat
ened Imperialism. I regretted occupying a seat
In the f-erats chamber-that I was compelled
¦ to dissent from the views of the majority of
my associates, but I thought It better to be
a member of the minority and be right than
to Join the majority and be wrong. I trust
even those who do net perhaps follow my ad
vocacy will believe whether I am right or
whether I am wrong I am not afraid to say
what I think. (Cries of ••Qood.") What the
policy of the situation may have been, how
ever advantaeeous or disadvantageous to me.
I could not see, without a protest, a prostitu
tion of our banner of freedom.
I recognized that this banner was called
into life by the men who fought for liberty
and quality. I had seen it triumphant in bat
tic'. Dut I had read on the pages of human
history of the destruction of a people who were
moved by the temptations of empire,' who were
dl&loyal to the cause of freedom, and engaged
in the encroachments of robbery and tyranny,
and I could but feel it my duty to stand in
solemn protest asrainst the devoting of Ameri
can energy and American courage to an enter
prise which did not have my full or even par
tial concurrence. !
Commercialism in the War.
Sympathizing with those who were strug
gling for liberty, sympathizing with all men
who sought to raise 'themselves from position j
of degradation. I protested against the move
ment instituted by the Republican party. And
I now know that I was risrht. In all the ef
forts made nnd the professions of friendship
(Uttered one saw the means employed of divert
ing the attention from rectitude.- so that the
pockets of the favored few might be filled
for the rrlce of freedom. The war In which
vc were Involved' in the Philippine Islands,
I believed then, and I know now. was not
intended to give them freedom, but back of
it all was the promptings of the commercial
Instinct, festered by certain men who had cer
tain Interests, who used the banner of America
for their own selfish ends. I-ater on a dif
ferentiation was attempted between a ' colony
and a subject state, but I must be pardoned
If I fall to see it. And when we protest against
the colonial system we protest against that
system which the fathers of the republic
deemed to be inimical to right.
•'I know." said a revolutionary patriot, "of
no spectacle more sublime than that of a pow
erful nation knoelinsr before the altar of lib
erty and sacrificing there the like and p*sslon
for war." (Great applause.)
Rule of the Sword.
I abjure you. my friends, that these attempts
of Republicans have a certain effect. This
adoption of a colonial policy — this policy to rule
by the sword— is antagonistic to the great
maxims which lie at the foundation pf this
republic, as exemplified by our constitution and
expressed by our Declaration of Independence.
During the life of our republic we have been
an example to the people of every land and we
have advocated freedom and virtue conjoined
as essential to true liberty. Protect your peo
ple not only against the foe who strikes with
the sword, but protect your people against the
incursions of incompetency and ignorance.
Teach them day by day the problems of life,
which are more nearly solved than heretofore.
Teach them day by day that education and In
telligence are becoming more and more essen
tial, and that If there ever was an hour in this
nation's history when they needed the calm,
sober, deliberate Judgment of an Intelligent
man that hour Is here to-day.
Let no man think that because some mer
chantc may make some money by trading
abroad to-day that the cause of human rleht
will be thereby preserved. Never did the the
ory of commercialism, so-called, make a na
tion truly great. We have an example of this
In. the ancient nation of mighty Home, and
should we ever. In this nation, come to that
state of mind where we seem happy in the
presence of fuffering deliberately wrought by
ourselves, not upon an Individual but upon a
nation: If tho destiny of this republic is to
implant the spirit of liberty among the nations
of the world; If its aspiration has been to ex
tend liberty and the cause of republican gov
ernment—the instant that the victories whlcn
they hAd won in the cause of liberty would be
turned to win victories In the case of oppres
sion, then the trend of this nation Is down
ward—that moment they recede.
The American people are mighty
in that power which enables them to
hold the sword and conquer, but they
are mightier still in that spirit which
will not justify the perpetration of
crimes upon other liberty-loving peo
ple. If this republic is to endure, as
we hope and believe and pray she
may, she will endure by the adhesion
to the doctrines of those who brought
her into life, and who, in the midst of
poverty and distress, laid down these
maxims, which you read to-day as the
incarnation of written expresions of
liberty.
¦ -Build up your nation In the ways of peace:
develop her: let her be known throughout the
enrth not merely as a commercial natl-n.
training Its bodies of men or its navies but
let It N> understood that within her biund'arleg \
are contained the choicest pearls and Jewels
of freedom— freedom.- not "license — freedom rov
ernc?' . 1 by law; freedom recognizing every riKht :
throughout the world.
They have said that the Democrats are cow
ards. I do not wish to make the ctatement as
It should be. but it would not take a lengthy
word to controvert it. Hut. my friends, the
man who adheres to principle and who win
in the presence of a demonstrative, great, un
i thinking mind, state his convictions fearlessly
is not a coward. He has the courage of his
convictions and the power to express th°m ever
in the face of those who outnumber him and
who perhaps overpower him. Truth, we know,
cannot he crushed; for the time being It may
be subverted, but Its restriction Is as certain
as the promise of Immortality. This republic
was founded for the benefit not of one man.
It was founded for the benefit of the people of
the nation nnd for the' people of all the world I
whenever they choose to enjoy Us benefits ami I
blessings. It was founded not for a mere day.
but to last for all time.
The Republican System.
I have heard It said by men In high places
that the republican system will do In the days
when a nation is yourg. but when she becomes
broad . and gTeat then the mob must be.
kept down, the army Increased and the constl
tattoo modified. Such was not the theory of
the founders of this Government. Their theory
was that they could furnish enough men loyal
and true to republican principles to perpetuats
republicanism, and that It was not for a day.
not for an hour, but for all time that these
same, ritrhts should b« conserved.
I would protect the name of my country and
the authority of my country's flap by following
the precepts of her founders and obeying the
letter of her constitution, and If this Is done
we would never make that banner the Instru
ment of tyranny nor of passion and Intimida
tion. To me it was evident when these propo
rtions were first advanced that the commercial
spirit purgested them; to me it was evident,
and I did not hesitate so to declare, that It
was not the intention of those in power to
give Cuba or-the Philippine Islands a free gov
ernment. I knew that It was designed to bring
them into such relation an might make It
profitable to the favored few.
Then the Republican protectionist
of California advocates the absorp
tion of the islands, and when we re
ferred to his inconsistency by saying 1
that if they are absorbed, our system
of protection should be extended over
them, we were met by a proposition
which seemed to me to be extraordi
nary at first, that we could adopt a
policy that giving them the blessings
of liberty would not give them the
blessings of a Republican tariff.
In other words, to divide the benefits which
must under the glorious folds of our constitu
tion accrue to those who are fr.rtunate enoush
to be within Its Jurisdiction, hut that the bless
ings of the tartrr belong to those who find It
profitable to raise peanuts and oranges.
Glaring Inconsistency.
Fellovr citizens, that Inconsistency la too
glaring to be overlooked by the intelligent
American voters. When our flag Is made to
stand for what Is unjust and unpatriotic, and
we sneak of the triumph of our armies* mag
nificent machinery' of destruction which we
have devised: and we speak in glowing terms
of the number of mm we have In our armies
and how thoroughly we did our work— when
It was all over: and we think of th» lessons
It has conveyed and of the example that Is set
when we think that we have passed through
more than a century, constantly holding out
to the world tho benefits and glories of our
system: when we remember that we have upon
every Fourth of July told our children
throueh our orators, of this great liberty lov
ing nation and of th« blessings It has brought
to all those who have been fortunate enough
to be included within Its boundaries-ar* w%»
"«» ' n «"« l ««K'nt when we remember' that Mr
vI cK '£ir declares tn th * massage to which
Mr. Delmas so eloquently referred-in wh eh
what we are now doing was denominated crlm
™?, JL^f s°?C7" re wa not l n^n»!«tent in the
course which this country is now pursuing?
The Democratic Party.
I would rather take the doctrines of llbertv
from the founders of the republic than *r*lZ
them from the hands of any one. even though
Fund* mana S« of a Republican campaign
This Is not an effort upon the part of th«
Democratic party for the mere offices They
have been out of office tn much and \ n !„!»
they have learned to make a living without
offices. But it is an attempt to itay tnT hand
of destruction, not only from those atralnst
whom It Is directly leveled, but to ward off
the vast and more fatal recoil which threatens
a dissolution of this republic which we ove
and for whose freedom and preservation I hoDe
The n^l 8 ",, 1 * wlIHn * »» K«ve"p oSr HvtS?
to .^T. C W I" the pnTt y of Patriotism
to-day, for it stands for American union. It
does not recognize a divided republic, differ
entiated upon constitutional lines, one part of
which may be half slave and the other free.
The Republican party in the days of the civil
war spoke of the Impossibility of preservation
or a Government claiming to be republican,
but of which one part of it was slave and the
other was free. How are they regarding the
fcultan of f>ulu and his accompaniments, so
graphically described by my eloquent friend?
I glory in the triumph of our peo
ple. I rejoice serving my fellow citi
zens, be they soldiers or laymen, be
they judges or juries, when they tri
umph in the cause of right- But I
bov- my head when a policy of ag
gression is pursued and the ideals of
our fathers are departed from.
I wish for a republic that Is respected, and
I take as much pride In preserving her bound
ary lines and maintaining them a« any other
man. But I do not wish to absorb property
' ourstlves now Involved. Two years and more
I ago we declared war against an old monarchy
of Europe — eo weak, ro helpless, so decayed,
that, to save ourselves from the charge cf
ruffianly bullylsm and buccaneering for plun
der which might otherwise well have been laid
to our door, we proclaimed to the world that
cur only object in inaugurating the contest was
humanity and the desire to assist a gallant
l>ccple, struggling for independence, to achieve
their liberty. Animated by this spirit, we dis
tinctly disclaimed any selfish purpose or desire
of self ncffrandizement by acquisition cf terri
tory. The record cf our public and official ut
terances to the world and to our people upon
that subject Ik there, and there It will remain
forevtr.
The War With Spain.
In the flret ?lace, the eh'ef magistrate of the
republic. inj£ proclamation to the world, said:
Do you realize at what cost of na
tional honor, what sacrifice of prin
ciple, what disregard of broad and
sound independency the retention of
the Philippines as a colony of the
United States involves P
listen. I pray you. for a moment to the
story cf the complications in which we find
The Philippine Question.
Let ir.p confine myself for the present to the.
moi«t Ftsnlfic^nt, the most palpable and the
mo«t fatal of these symptoms. I allude, of
covrro, to the attitude vhtoh the present Gov
ernment hai BMumed; an<l which it Is the
avowf-fi ohje-ot of the Reimbllcan party to have
It eor.tirue to afsume. toward the territory
lately ceded to us by Spain. The Philippine*—
! aye. Mr. President, the much-talkcO'-of PhU
i prince.
If there be a nenubliran within the pound
of my \oice. an honest Republican, who lovea
| his country, who cherishes her far fame ami
! looVr. with honeful pride upon her Riorious
I destiny, and there are thousands of such to
I mv kr.owlf dee within thl* country, some cf
I whom mnv be here. If. I pay, there be such
I u or.« witlnn the sound of my voice, from him
I I i'.-k:
To what have these splendid
achievements been dueP Being the
legitimate product of the principles
upon •which our government was
founded, and of the rules of policy ac
cording to which the edifice has been
reared, what, it behooves us to ask,
were those principles and what those
idees of policyP
Mr. President: Th» basic principle of the
Government fci:n«Vrl by the fathers was that
all m"ti are creatrd free and equal; that the
ccuwr.t of the govcrnM is the source of the
]n ttpr of the ruler?; that power exerted bi?
jtnii the Jimitf of that consent Is usurpation
and wlthTit It tyranny. The fundamental Idea
nf the jKilicy of the fathers is embodied in the
I plain and boitnely adane that hi<3s us as a na
tion mind our own affairs; to profit by our
pingularly fortunate condition of isolation and.
j while cultivating friendly relation* with all
[ the peoples of the earth, to avoid all compllca
i tittM in their affair? either by conflict or alll-
I anre, to pursue the arts of peace and avoid
I all pernicious militarism, trusting to the vol-
I unteer soldiery of the country for protection In
time o" need.
tho s-ake of eliciting applause I Fhoulri but
poorly employ my time and ill reqult* the
curteo'i* attention which has been aconnJodi
me. My sole object in dwelling upon the j>a*t
i» to lead -to the question:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAN JOSE, Sept. G.— The address
of D. M. Delmas to-day at the afternoon session of the Demo
cratic convention was a brilliant and studied effort, the sen
tences polished and well rounded. It was a splendid oration, and
the peroration was followed by a tremendous outburst of enthusiasm.
NOT to very mar.y yean ago, if we
mtasure time by national existence,
the fathers of the republic established
a. covernment upon principles and
policies which constituted a new de
rarture in political pcience and whose opera
tions were locked uron with anxiety by the
friends and with Ill-concealed -doubt, if not
open d»>riFinn. bir the fnr-mlM.
On? hundred and eleven yearn have elap*d,
and now the world contemplates the result of the
experiment The republic built upon those
prlnripW and r^ired aloft in accordance -with
tlio maxims of thst policy Ftand? — ftHivis fI
lencinp by its accnmriliFhmentF the doubts of
the incredulous and exceeding the most san
guine hopes of its well-wishers, stands eclips
ing In it? achievements the most renowned
tivfrnments cf ancient or of modern times,
starts in its unity. Its grandeur and Its miRht,
the gem end the wonder of the earth. The
world beholds v hat has be»n done in a little
more than a century of Its national life. It
rees its territory stretching at first like a
glacier rim along the Atlantic seaboard, grad
ually expanding until, havtnp reached the nat
ural limitations of the Gulf and the Rio Orande
on the south, and the wnters of the Pacific on
t.1 1 .** we?t, it comprises in one continuou3 and
unbroken expanse possessions compared with
•which the vast empire of Rom*. In the zenith
cf its splendor, appears comparatively Insig
nificant.
It has seen the education of the people keep
ing: pace with the march of their territorial
nnd commercial and manufacturing progress;
erecting in every hamlet a schoi»lhouse and in
f<il institutions of higher learning which,
though born but of yesterday, may well clial
:,., i .. comparison with the famed institutions
of older countries and which enable Yale and
Harvard, aye, and even the youni? but sia.Tit
twin brother* of the West— our own Rorkeley
end Stanford, to vie with the far-famed uni
versities of the Old World— with Cambridge
and Oxford. v.-l:h Bonn and Ooettineen and
H-idelher*. Put beyond and above all thin. It
5<a« seen anil sees to-day the nation of 7j,i\K*,000
People, affr passing throuRh the varied vlcls
eitudrs of the first century of Its national ex
lstcr.ee. still prosperous, united and fre<>. spcak-
Iiie the same languac* 1 , worshiping the same
C'pd. j>ursu:ni the same ldt-al? of private and
public •¦xcellence, governed in Its national con
cern by a uniform legislation, enjoying the
l>lf FFir-.—s of justice dispensed under wise anil
iirniartlal lawp. and withal, si Ftrons. so re
pmmefu', so pirat, ns to daunt tho thought of
attack from without, and to Knottier any germ
cf <Je~eneracy or desolation from within.'
Principles of Government.
'Mr. President : If my object In vnlcir.p the««»
fcntimer.ts and chantinR the praise of our coun
try wore imtdy to iirluJp-e In Us laudation fr>r
Brilliant Review of the Issues
That Are to Be Fought in
Battle of November*
ELOQUENT THE WORDS
OF ORATOR DELMAS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAN JOSE
Sept. C-The First Congressional Dis
trict met, organized and adjourned fear
ing to proceed until the credentials com
mittee of the main convention had report
ed. Barber of Shasta was made chair
man of the convention.
There Js a new man in the fight for Co\i-
£ r f, ss - .Farraher of Yreka, but it is not
believed that he can beat Seawell For
elector Judge J. P. Haynes of Eureka
has entered the fight against Cornelius
Shea of Santa Rosa, heretofore the only
candidate. ¦" "•¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NOTHING IS DONE IN .
THE FIRST DISTRICT
; CALL HEADQUARTERS, 8A2J
JOSE, Sept. 6.— District conventions
for the nomination cf candidates for
Congress and Presidential Electors
were held by the Democratic dele
gates to-night. , The hardest fight oc
curred in the Sixth, where the South
ern Pacific Railroad had little diffi
culty in forcing the nomination of
"William C. Graves of San Luis
Obispo, an attorney for the company.
So thoroughly was the convention
dominated by men carrying Southern
Pacific passes that the request of Ex-
Senator Stephen M. White for an ad
journment until he could be present
wps r-crived with derision.
CAM. HEADQUARTERS, SAX
JOSK, Sept. 6.— William C.
Crave? of San Luis Obispo
was nominated for Consrros^
by tho Slrcth Congressional
District Convention at the
Hotel Vendome to-night. The
vote stood: Graves 53, Rush
j 19, Adoock lii on the first ballot, and tho
nomination was thc-n made unanimous.
Thorr.as A. Rice of Ventura was nominat
ed for Presidential Elector.
The Congressional nominee Is a railroad
attorney and owe? his preferment mainly
to the support of twenty-four delegates
from Los Angclep, who came to the con
vention on Southern Pacific passes. Their
loader was Thomas McCaffrey, the South
ern Pacific train dispatcher at Los An
geles, and F. W. Allender was their chief
"spokesman. The delegates in their eager-'
nees to obey the orders of the railroad
politicians rode roughshod over the oppo
sition of Stephen* M. White, whom the
Democrats of the South call "the' be
loved." The former Senator made re
peated requests by telephone from th?
meeting room of the platform committee,
where he was kept by the work in hand,
to his friends In the district convention
that an adjournment be taken until to
morrow, that he might be present, but
1 the "little Giant" ran against the or
ganized forces of the Southern Pacific ami
his messages were turned aside in deri
sion. The railroad, men were determined
to force the nomination of Graves, and
had Stephen M. White listened to the so
licitations of General Otis and antl-rail
road men in the delegation and consented
to become a candidate himself he would
have suffered the humiliation of defeat.
*f=o completely was the district convention
dominated by railroad influences.
B V, Sargent of Salinas was elected
chairman and Anthony Schwamm of Loa
Angcleis was chosen secretary. On ac
count of the absence of a report from the
general convention's committee on cre
dential", a motion that the crlair appoint
a committee nf six on credentials and or
der of business was carried. After a re
cess of live minutes the chairman an
nounced the committee as follows: R. W.
Allender, T,os Angeles: r. f. Johnson,
Monterey; ex-Lieutenant Governor W. T.
Jet'T. Santa Cruz; A. T. Monahan. San
Luis Obispo; T. O. Toland, Ventura; J.
II. Dledrich, Santa Barbara.
M. K. Voting of Lns Angeles announced
that ho had a Tnepsage from ex-Senator
AVhite requesting an adjournment and
the announcement" was greeted with
cries of "Xo; no." Thomas O. Toland
expressed his surprip^ that any man in
the convention should say nay to a
reasonable request from Stephen M.
White. Motions to adjourn were voted
down. Charley "Organization" Fay at
this pnlnt showed his and Phelan's kindly
interest in White's predicament by tele
phoning to the convention the Information
as to where the former Senator could be
found if his presence was desired in the
convention.
Affr tho nomination of Thomas A. Rico
of Ventura for elector A. J. Monahan af.
San Luis Obispo nominated William C
Graves as a candidate for Congress and
P. W. Murphy of the same county sec
onded the nomination. Frank James of
Los Angeles nominated R. J. Adcock. J.
W. Nance of I»s Angeles nominated Jud
R. Rush. W. E. Shepard of Ventura sec
onded Rush's nomination and F. H
Thompson seconded Adcock's nomination.
William Mead offered a resolution pledg
ing the nominee to the support of legis
lation in the interest of the San Pedro
harbor and the railroad delegates didn't
have the nerve to vote it down.
On rollcall Monterey County pave its
9 votes to Graves, San Luis Obispo fol
lowed with S. Santa Barbara gave Graves
5 of its 8 and Ventura gave Graves 2 and
Rush 4. Los Angeles voted Graves 17
Rush 11 and Adcock 20. Santa Cruz got
into line with 5 for Graves and 3 for
Rush. W. T. Jeter voting for Graves, and
Edward White, the Senator's brother,
casting his vote for Rush.
Then a landslide began. A Santa Bar
bara delegate changed his vote from Ad
cock to Graves. 3 Los Angeles votes were
changed from Rush to Graves and 4 more
from the same county switched from Ad
cock to Grnves. Only 40 votes were nec
essary and Graves had 53. The nomina
tion was made unanimous.
The following purity of elections com
mittee was elected: Edward White
Santa Cruz: T. J. RIordan, Monterey: K
P. Rogers. San Luis Obispo: W. E. Shep
ard. Ventura; J. K. Harrington, Santa
Barbara. •
Graves Named for
Congress in the
tixth,
RAILROAD'S
GRIP UPON
DELEGATES
SPELLBINDERS CHARM THE DEMOCRACY AT SAN JOSE
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1900.
2
PROBABLE DEMOCRATIC NOMINEES FOR CONGRESS.
D. M. DELMAS.PERISHED IN FOBEST FIBE.
Charred Body of an Unknown Man
Demand Prohibition
of Importation of Labor
From Asia.
Indorsement
of the Philadelphia
Platform.
QANTA CRUZ, Sept 6. — The text of the platform adopted to-day by the Republican ¦ State
O Con yen ti on in this city is as follows: /
mend that Senators and Representatives in Congress sup
port by their votes and influence the establishment of
national reservations in order that these forests may be
saved from destruction and our water supply preserved.
We favor such legislation as will prevent the acquisi
tion of lands chiefly valuable for petroleum, asphaltum and
other minerals, under the guise of lieu land and forest re
serve exchange selections, and we request our Senators
and Representatives in Congress to use all honorable means
to prevent fraud in that way and secure such legislation
as will protect the miners of the State from oppression and
blackmail.
We demand the prevention of the importation of cheap
alien labor, the continuance and re-enactment of the pres
ent Chinese exclusion
" ? laws and appropriate leg-
Demand Prohibition lslation prohibiting the
of Importation of Labor l m a ml^ n £*£"£
From Asia. borers.
We favor the adoption
of the proposed constitu
tional amendment providing for the regulation of primary
elections and the enactment of such laws as will make it
effective and insure fair primaries.
. We favor appropriate legislation for the permanent im
provement of our roads and highways.
We fully .recognize the importance, of the great work
that the State University is doing toward the intellectual
and industrial development of the State. We recognize
also that the demands upon It in both these directions have
so outgrown its income as to seriously threaten' Its useful
ness. We therefore pledge our party to an Increase of the
revenue of the State University through the coming Legis
lature sufficient to maintain its efficiency.
We congratulate our State and its people upon the semi
centennial of its admission to the Union, and rejoice that
the policy of our Gov
ernment Is making Call- ? — • ~ +¦
fornla the gateway and Congratulating the
C^^SU^: st * te and .« «»
creating markets -for our Semi-Centennial.
products and portending + ¦ '"' ' " , K '
for our State a future
more glorious than its golden past.
Confident in the Justice of our cause, in the wisdom
of our doctrine, in the ability and patriotism of our candi
dates, we submit the foregoing declaration of our political
faith to the voters of California for their approval at the
DOllS.
National Convention at
+— f Philadelphia as enunciat-
Indorsement ing a declaration of prln
of the Philadelphia cl P les ; the wisdom of
which has been demon
i Platform.^ strated by the successful
> — ' f home and foreign policy
of the present adminis
tration, and which, under continued Republican control,
promises a national future even more brilliant in achieve
ment than the past ; ;
We pledge our loyal support to the wise and upright
statestnan, William MeKlnley, who amid new and perplex
ing problems has consistently pursued a policy which has
made him the very exemplification of the highest type of
American statesmanship and earned for him and tho coun
try that he loves and serves world wide respect and honor.
With such a leader, associated with that typical young
American, Theodore Roosevelt, whose courage in war and
brilliant political record in peace have given him a place in
the hearts of our people, we may well look forward to
glorious victory in November and continued national pros
perity during the ensuing four years.
We indorse and approve the able, fearless and econom
ical manner in which the State government has been con
ducted by our Governor, Henry T. Gage, and commend our
Senators and Representatives in Congress for the faithful
performance of their trusts.
We recognize the importance to this coast and to the
country of the construction of the Nicaragua canal and
Government ownership
and control, and pledge 4 1
cur party's earnest and Pledge the"
SL^SP r^y to Build the
ment and completion of Nicaragua Canal.
the work. + — : ?•
We favor the con
servation of all available waters for the reclamation and
irrigation of arid lands and liberal appropriations by Con
gTees for that purpose, supplemented by the co-operation
of the States interested. Such policy to be initiated by the
collaboration of the Federal and State governments in a
thorough Investigation of our water supply and the best
methods of utilizing: the same.
We Indorse the action that has b««n taken to secure as
a permanent, possession of the whole people the great for
ests sltnated In our mountain range, and earnestly recom-
The Republican party of California, by its convention,
hereby indorses the platform adopted by the Republican
body has not been established. A forest
fire was recently raging in that region
and it is thought the body is that of some
fire-fighter, who became exhausted and
succumbed to the flames.
TIED HAND AND FEET
AND PUT TO DEATH
Burglars Murder a Montana Ranchsr
by Binding a Towel Around
His Face.
BUTTE, Mont., Sept. 6.— Bullus Parrot,
an old-time resident of Deer Lod^e Coun
ty, was murdered at his ranch about
nineteen miles from here last night. When
discovered this morning Parrott lay on
the floor of his store with his hands ami
feet bound and a towel hound tlghtly
around his face. The money drawer waa
open and the cash gone. The robbers did
not make a thorough search of the place,
as nothing was disturbed but the cash
drawer. There Is no clew to the mur
derers.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Fruits and Plants From Hawaii and
the Philippines to Be Inspected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.— Postmasters
appointed; Ellen Ford, Walnut Creek.
Contra Costa County, Cal., vice William
H. Caldwell. removed; Martha. E. Bolhna.
Elmira, Lane County, Or., vice 3. E. Mc-
Clure, removed.
Pensions issued: California: Original —
Lewis Mellert, Oakland. 56: "William F.
Warren, Los Angeles, $S. Increase — Wil
liam jE. Wrigley, Ontario. IS. Original
widow— Lodema Ceas, Napa, $3.
Oregon: Original — Thomas J. Elliott.
Walterville. $8. Additional— James R.
Dunlap, Shedds. $12. Increase— George W.
Kelley, Cottage Grove. $3. Reis3ue—Wil
liam A. Robinson, Athena. $3.
Washington: Additional — Newell r>.
Sanford. L.yle, $3. Supplemental— Emrl N.
Friend. North Yakima. 56.
The State F.oard of Horticulture of Cali
fornia, having represented to the Postof
flce Department that dangerous insect
pests exist in Hawaii and the Philippine
Islands which are not known in any part
of North America and which if introduced
therein would do great damage to fruit
and plants, and the Peoretary of Agricul
ture having confirmed such representa
tion, the Postofflce Department has or
dered that all postmasters at ports of en
try on the Pacific Coast intercept and for
ward in California to the Postmaster at
Sacramento, in Oregon to the Postmaster
at Salem and in Washington to the Post
master at Olympia all mail matter con
taining fruits or plants emanating from
Hawaii or the Philippine Islands. Th»»se
postmasters will submit all such marter
received by them to their respective State
boards of horticulture for inspection.
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
Taylor, who ha.-» charge of the enforce
ment of the Immigration laws, in an inter
view published here favors the repeal of
the Chinese exclusion law.
SACRAMENTO. Ser>t. 6.— Edtvard O. Strong-,
an electrical lineman, was killed shortly after
3 o'clock this afternoon by coming into contact
with a live wire. He wa3 about 32 years of age
and leaves a wife and two children.
"Valda," the sensational
story of court life at Peking,
begins in next Sunday's Call,
September 9.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
FRESNO, Sept. 6.— Frank Browninff.
a young Englishman, in a fit of
madness to-day emptied both bar
rels of a shotgun at a Japanese em
ploye, mortally wounding him. He
then walked a quarter of a mife to a
powder-house and blew himself and the
building to atoms with dynamite. The
double tragedy took place on the orange
ranch of W. G. Uridge, near the little
town of Centerville.
This morning Browning went hunting
with a double-barreled shotgun and was
away for several hours. He returned to
the house at 2 o'clock and as he came up
behind the barn, fifty yards distant from
the house, he met one of the Japanese
laborers named Okonoro. Okonoro was
unloading a wagon and placing its con
tents in a bunkhouse. Browning walked
ui> on the Japanese from behind and when
within a few feet of him raised the gun
and fired. The first shot took effect in
the small of the back and the second shot
blew the victim's right arm off near the
shoulder blade. He died at 8 o'clock this
e> Brow1iing's sister and brother, who were
in the house, did not see what had taken
place but supposed the young man was
snooting at doves. After committing the
terrible crime Browning quietly entered
the house and put his gun away. He then
walked a auarter of a mile to \> ridges
power-house and went Into the building.
A few minutes later a terrific explosion
shook the country for miles ln every di
rection. Browning's brother and sister
rushed to the scene and found pieces of
the young man's body scattered among
the ruins of the building. The legs and
neld had been blown off and the trunk of
the body lay fifty- feet from the spot
where the power-house had stood. The
explosion s£ook the town of Centerville
and frightened the inhabitants.
It is believed that Browning was men
tallv deranged when he committed his
awful crime. For several days he had
cnoken to his brother and sister about the
Japanese working on the ranch and his
language seemed to Indicate that he be
lieved they were conspiring against him.
"week ago his relatives suspected that
he was becoming mentally unbalanced
and prevailed upon him to go to San
Francisco, thinking a change of climate
and surroundings would do him good. As
soon as he arrived in San Francisco he
called upon Mr. Uridge. the owner of the
ranch, and began to tell the capitalist of
the conspiracv the Japanese had formed
against him. bridge decided that he was
crazv and paid no attention to him.
Brownin/ returned to the Centervi'.le
ranch where he was foreman, and en
tered into an agreement with his brother
to attend to his work for him. He saM
he did not feel capable of managing the
ranch any longer.
Browning had two brothers and a sister
livln^ in the neighborhood where the kill
ing took niace. They own considerable
property. "The young man was2S years
old. ,
Manager of. a Centerville Ranch Slays a Japanese
and Ends Mis Own Life With
Dynamite.
MADMAN'S TRAGIC SUICIDE
FOLLOWS WANTON MURDER
eighteen Assembly districts located tn said
city nud county of San Francisco.
Said convention shall be an organized assem
blage of delesates elected at a primary elec
tion representing raid Citizens' Republican
party of the city and county of San Fran
cisco.
The apportionment of delegates to said con
vention shall be: In each Assembly district in
said "city and county of San Francisco, one
delegate for each 400 votes cast for Joseoh 8.
Sacar .tr . the Presidential elector nom
inated for this party In 1896, and one. additional
delegate for each fraction of 200 votes or over.
The apportionment of delegates to each As
sembly district under the call shall be as fol
lows :
Twenty-elzhth District 3
Twenty-ninth District .' 3
Thirtieth District 3
Thirty-first District 3
Thirty-second District 3
Thirty-third District 4
Thirty-fourth District 5
Thirtr-slxth District 6
Thirty-seventh District 6
Thlrty-eiehth District 5
Thirty-ninth District 6
Fortieth District 6
Forty-first District 6
Forty-second District 5
Forty-third District 4
Forty-fourth District -. 4
Forty-fifth District 3
There is hereby appointed a committee con-
BlFtlnj; of W. S. Scott, D. J. O'Brien, Peter
Kelly. John Jackson. Thomas Kendrick, Peter
Hammond and Charles H. Forbes, to be known
as the primary election committee. Said com
mittee is hereby Krantcd full and complete
power and authority to hold and supervise the
primary election for delegates to said conven
tion and SI14II act for and In the place and
instead of this county committee In all mat
ters relating to said primary election, and
tbrreafter In making all necessary arrange
ments for the proper conducting of said Citi
zens' Republican convention.
Bear Club Meets.
The Bear Club met at 121 Eddy street
last evening. Thomas \V. Collins, the.
president,- presided. Dr. J. G. Crawford'
who arrived from Santa Cruz, where he
attended the State convention, said it
WELLS. New, Fept. 6.— The Nevada State
Herald building was burned to the ftround last
night. The origin of the fire is unknown. Part
of the plant was paved. Loss $2000; no In
surance.
Dr. F. W. Hatch to Take Charge of
the Napa Asylum.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 6.— It Is stated
here that a change is to be made soon
In the management of the State hospitals
by which Dr. F. W. Hatch, now super
intendent of State hospitals, will be put
In charge of the Napa Hospital as medical
superintendent, to succeed Dr. M. Gard
ner, who will establish a private sanitar
ium. There is n<5 talk as yet about who
may succeed Dr. Hatch as superintendent
of hospitals.
DR. GARDNER'S SUCCESSOR.
Warring Alaska Tribes to Smoke the
Pipe of Peace.
SEATTLE, Sept. 6.— The olive branch
of peace is to wave where for six hundred
years the skin of the rattlesnake has
dangled at the tent door of the Sitka and
"Wrangel Indian tribes. There is sched
uled for Monday next, September 10, the
greatest potlatch in the history of the two
tribes, according to news received from
the capital city of Alaska by the steamer
Queen. During the potlatch Kodowatt
will endeavor to settle a feud that has
existed among the warring tribes of the
Indian district for generations and cen
turies.
BIG POTLATCTH PLANNED.
PLATFORM OF THE PRINCIPLES
OF CALIFORNIA REPUBLICANS
There were four candidates In the field,
but two fell by the wayside before the
fifth ballot.
• i
CITIZENS' REPUBLICAN
• COMMITTEE IN LINE
Issuss a Call for a Judicial and legis
lative Nominating Con
vention.
The Citizens' Republican Committee,
which attained such prominence in the
last campaign, has again organized with
a strong roll of membership. The first
meeting of the organization was held last
evening at Its headquarters in the Colum
bian building. C. H. Forbes presided and
John Jackson acted as secretary.
The following resolution for a conven
tion call was passed unanimously:
Call for a Citizens' Republican Judicial and
Legislative nominating convention.
The Citizens' Republican County Committee
of the city and county of San Francisco, rep
r'renting the political organization known as
the Citizens' Republican Party.' having met to
call a convention of Its members, takes this
orcortonlty to declare our devotion to the po
litical principles outlined and advanced in the
platform of the national Republican convention
and to plc-dsre our unswerving support to the
Republican candidates.
A convention of the Citizens' Republican
pprty of the city and county of San Francisco.
State of California, is hereby called to be held
in the said city and county of San Francisco,
on Mondav. the 1st day of October. 1900. to
nominate candidates for the following Dubllc
of£ces that are to he filled by election In said
city and county of Pan Francisco, at the
eral election which is to be held on Tuesday,
November 6, 1900:
Four Judges Superior Court, full term; one
Judge Superior Court, unexplred term; five
Justices of the Peace: State Senator in each
of tbe Seventeenth. Nineteenth. Twenty-first,
Twenty-third and Twenty-fifth Senatorial dis
tricts; member of the Assembly in each of the
was the most enthusiastic convention he
had ever attended. He predicted the elec
tion of McKinley and Roosevelt by a large
majority in the Electoral College. Cap
tain I. P. Kincald, vice president, and J.
D. Brown made remarks, when the club
adjourned. The club will parade on the
14th and attend the great mass-meeting
in the pavilion.
A SHADOW THAT THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTION AT SANTA CRUZ COULD NOT DISPEL
Glowing Tributes Are Paid by the
Sponsor Delegates to the Candi
dates at Large. .
CHOOSING THE NINE
MEN FOR ELECTORS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAX
TA CRUZ, Sept. 6.— When the
nominations for electors at
large were declared in order D.
E. McKinlay of San Krancisco
in a brilliant addres3 placed
Samuel M. Shortridge In nom
ination for one of the coveted
honors. The name of Shortndjje was re
ceived with cheers and a series of hearty
seconding speeches v.-ere made from ilif
fertnt counties in the State. Mr. McKin
lay spoke as follows:
It gives me great pleasure to stand before
you to-c!ay for the purpese of nomlnaUnp; as
elector at Iarse one of the most prominent
citizens of California. We are entering at this
tlons are giving way. We find our Democratic
friends desert'n? the principles of IJryanism.
This will be a campaign of deep significance.
Wh<-n an administration such as William Mc-
Kinloy's can brins into line such names a.%
Fltzhuh Lee and Joe Wheeler it should be
supported. The questions of trusts and Impe
rialism and expansion arise, therefore we mun
recognize these great principles and place upon
our ticket one capable of understanding and
Bwaylng the judgment of tne people along these
new lines.
It was with great satisfaction that this con
vention listened to one v of the greatest ad
dresses ever delivered in the State of Califor
nia by or.e of our fellow Republicans. Samuel
M. Shortridse. I do not need to recapitulate hia
history. It has been known to this State since
he labored as a boy in the mines of Xevada
County. ¦;*."-
If we place him at the head of our electoral
ticket he will go before the people and pay
just consideration to all parties and be a credit
to all parties. Therefore I submit his name to
you at this time.
Ti-ibutes to Shortridge.
Delegate Oliver of Los Angsles seconded
the nomination. He had no sooner finished
than Delegate Adams of El Dorado, a vet
eran, aroye and paid a splendid tribute to
the nominee.
And then Alameda County was heard
from in the pejson of Dr. George C. Par
dee, who said:
"Alameda County gladly, heartily and
unanimously seconds the nomination of
Sam Shortridge."
In order that the porthern part of the
State might not be unheard from State
Senator J. N. Gillette in behalf of Hum
boldt and other northern counties paid his
tribute, saying in part:
It Is with great pleasure at this time that I
rise on behalf of the northern part of thi3
State to second the nomination of the Hon. S.
M. Shortridge. We have watched his case for
years past and know him to be a true, earnest
and honest Republican. The speech made by
him yesterday satisfies our people that he is
worthy to lead In this coming campaign; that
the principles he enunciated are close to us.
With him in the front— with his earnestness and
bip heart, you may look for a large and rousing
majority for California, so that William Mc-
Klnley and the administration in the East can
extend their hand to us and say. well done
across the Rockies.
Eulogy of Barrett.
"When the enthusiasm for Shortridge
had subsided, when the delegates had
ceased their cheers and order was re
stored J. W. McKinley of Los Anpreles
arose to place another elector at large In
the field. He spoke of the commercial
world, of the nation ar.d of the need of
Riving It representation. He therefore
placod W. J. Barrett of Los Angeles in
nomination, saytng in part:
I douht nr»t th<it even* m^mtver of this ccn
vention would he glad to rise in his place and
second the nomination of th? man who made
the brilliant oration we heard yesterday, but I
desire to plao<< In nomination another repre
sentative citizen of California. The Republican
party stands to-day, as It has always stood, tor
those principles which represent the prosperity
of the American people, the advancement of
business all over the United States and into the
uttermost parts of the world. That policy hai
b«>en market! even more particularly In the ad
ministration that is just closinK. because under
it, we have cp.rripd our flag Into the distant
l>crtions of the world, and where our flas: goes
our trade- eoes with is. There is one class of
mon under the circumstances nf the present
campaign, taking- into cor.sideratlon the pros
prcts before us and the commercial history of
: our past, who particularly repres*nt this ex
tension of busine*. They are the commission
ers of trade. *
! They build up and make trade as they co
I forth on their commercial errands. A» a repr»>
i tentative of that class, I desire to present the
name of a consistent Republican from the
south. The county of Los Angeles and South
ern <*al;fornia desire to ©resent the name of
William J. Barrett of Los Angeled for Presi
dential elector at large.
When he had finished and the cheers
which had responded to his words were
j silenced Frank D. Ryan of Sacramento
: obtained the floor to second the numina-
I tion. He said:
| On behalf of the representatives of the jrreat
! Sacramento Valley we greet our competitive
; crange-frrowers ot the south and second the
nomination of Mr. Barrett for elector on our
ticket this year.
Again Alameda County Insisted on be
j ing heard In the person of Delegate
Knickerbocker, who seconded the nomina
tion of Mr. Barrett.
This address concluded the nominating
and seconding spt-eches for Presidential
| electors at large. It was moved, seconded
i and unanimously adopted that the secre
tary of the convention cast the ballot of
the convention for Samuel M. Shortridgo
of San Krancisco and "William J. Barrett
of Los Angeles for Presidential electors
at large.
Nominating the Other Electors.
, Chairman Van Fleet announced ttie next
order of business to be the ratification of
the nominated Presidential electors from
each Congressional district.
Judge Angellotti of San Rafael an
nounced that the delegates from the Fir^t
' Congressional District had unanimously
chosen J. W. Ryan of Humboldt.
Judgs Davis of Amador arose and said
the Second Congressional District bad
chosen Harold J. Power of Placer, and
Senator Luchsinger of Solano in behalf of
the Third Congressional District an
nounced tct the convention the name of
W. R. Davis of Alameda.
i J. J. Sullivan of San Francisco an
nounced that the Fourth Congressional
District had selscted C. B. Rode of. San
Francisco.
Max Goldberg informed thi» delegates
that the Fifth Congressional District has
unanimously selected ex-Senator Frank
McGowan.
W. H. Galbreith of Santa Cruz announced
the name of Warren R. Porter of Santa
Cruz for the Sixth.
Dr. Chester Rowell of Fresno submitted
the name of James McFadden of Orange
County for the Seventh District.
All nominations having been made.
Judge J. W. McKlnley of Los Angeiea
moved that the secretary cast the ballot
of the convention for the candidates,
¦which formality was duly observed.
Special Dispatch to* The CalL
County Should Get the
Honors.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SANTA
CRUZ, Sept. 6.— W. B. Lardner is the
Senatorial nominee of the Republican
party for the Fifth Senatorial District.
The convention In which he was nomi
nated vras one of the most interesting held
yesterday. When the convention as
sembled B. B. Deming of Placer was
eiected chairman, and A. L. Smith was
chosen as secretary. W. B. Lardner,
John M. Fulweiler and Charles A.
Bwieier were placed In nomination for the
coveted honor.
Several votes were taken, but In every
Instance they stood five for Lardner. four
for Fulweiler and one for Swlsler. It
was conceded that Placer should have the
nomination, and the delegates from El
Dorado sought to force from Placer an
expression of Its preference, the under
standing being that El Dorado would
then Indorse the candidate selected by
Placer. Placer, however, declined to Indi
cate its preference until several ballots
were taken, when El Dorado, tiring of
the contest, cast its five votes for Lard
ner, and he was made the nominee of the
convention.
An Interesting phase of the contest was
the successful battle waped by S. D Wood
for the Congressional nomination from the
Second District. The Influences which
were supporting E. A Forbes for Con
gress determined to deal a double blow
and defeat Lardner in his Senatorial as
pirations. Thf railroad does not llk<s
Lardner. as he has never b*en Pubservient
to Its interest?. It determined therefore
to throw Harold J. Power into the fight
against Lardner for the Senate.
The plot fortunately was discovered in
time and Lurdnor's friends came to his
assistance. Senator John F. Davis of
Amador was the first to discover the
scheme and with Dunlap he made a de
termined effort to defeat it. He was re
warded with a splendid success.
TTBK.ELL NAMED
FOR SENATOR IN
THXBD DISTRICT
Contest Was Highly Exciting, the
v Former Defeating W. S. Robin
son by Two Votes.-
CAL.I* HEADQUARTERS. SANTA
CRUZ, Sept. 6.— Nearly a dozen ballots
were necessary to decide the contest for
the Senatorial nomination In the Third
District. J. R- Tyrrell of Grass Valley de
feated W. S. Robinson of the earne place
by two votes. The fight .for. the coveted
honor of representing: the district on the
Republican ticket waa highly exciting-.
Senatorial Committee Consisting of
Seven Members Is Selected by
the Chair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SANTA
CRUZ. Sept. 6.— The Eleventh Senatorial
District Convention, comprising Marln
nnd Contra Costa counties, h*'ld a s**.Mon
at the Ovirthour-e to-nipht and nominated
Charles M. Belshaw as a candidate for
the Spnate In that district.
A Senatorial comrnittep was appoints
by the chair. It consists of \V. J. Laird,
R. H. Veal», Lev! P. Evans and C. G.
Gould of Contra Co=ta County and Wil
liam Bahr. E. B. Martinelli and T. P.
Boyd of Marin County. After listening to
a short addross from Mr. Belshaw the
convention adjourned.
W. B. LARDNEE THE
SENATORIAL NOMINEE
OF THE FIFTH DISTRICT
It Was an Interesting Contest, Al
thouerh Conceded That Placer
3ELSHAW NAMED
lOR SENATE IN
THE ELEVENTH
of bclngr here Ir. this convention in lSOu. If
you will do as I do — go to your homes and
work 'cr th*> tuccns of this ticket and every
man on It— we Will el^ct it 'by a ir.orp triumph
ant vote than a Republican ticket has received
In fnltfernla heretofore.
At the conclusion of the speech three
cheers were given for the veteran.*.
At 11:20 a. m. Chairman Van Fleet de
clared the convention adjourned. With
three time? three routing cheers for Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt the convention came
to a close.
and laughter), and 1 defy our political er.p
rr.!-s to po-nt to ot» iaw upon the statute books
ot this nation i>ut there by the Republican
party that Is not in the Interests of the whole
1-e^ple and th^ interest of humanity and lib
erty. (Applause.)
1 am proud cf the Republican party. I am
rr^i'd of Its history. I an proud of its prin
ciples. I am doubly proud of our fectrnd L/ln
rolr.—Comrade William McKlnley 'loud ap
plause), who, with the help of every true
American, has added a new beauty to our flas.
Even the star? In their firmament of blue do
not shine -with more splendor and dazzling lus
ter than those in the field of Old Glcry. (Ap
plause.)
Fellow citizens, my side partner. Dr. Mc-
Lean, was th« peatlcman who wrote the first
call of the Republican Convention which met
In this State and wa? the first Purveyor <^f the
I 'on of San FVancisco under Abe Lincoln.
Br. McLean Is Facetious.
Chairman Van Fleet in introducing Dr.
McLean of Alameda made the mistake ol
saying that h<? was a resident of San
Francisco, but the veteran would not bf
deprived "f 'he honor of bring a resident
of the hnnr.er county of the State. His
speech was a facetious one and created
laughter and applause. In part he said:
I am no: at young and spry as I have been—
as I was more than forty years a*p, when t!i?y
organized the Republican party in California.
It way my honor— and I esteem it a Kreat
honor — to have written the oall which brought
The Republicans together !n the city of Sacra
r. ento to hold the Sn>t convention in this
Ftatp. which nominated delegates to eo to
Philadelphia, who afterward nominated Fre
mont, the first Kepu'uiican candidate for Pr^si
d»nt of tin- I.'nited States. That was an honor,
and whilf I am not vain about ir I have a right
to be r>r°ud.
Now. Mr. President, I came from a slave
Ptate. I made my home in Santa Or.iz In ISoO.
I had the honor to deliver the Fourth of July
cratien In tills city in 1850. The burden of
thct addrecp. although I came from a slave
State, was a oonrratu'.atlcn to the people of
California for determining- to make this a free
State, and we see the result in '"alKornia to
day—ffty years from that tim» when our pro-
Bcr.lt '-rs said that freedom should prevail and
nr-t slaver}' on this I'acific <'oast.
I have been to a number of convention* since
then, but I thought I mlpht die socn and I
arr, not *r"'!np to die unless a brit-k falls on my
hend. I expert to live to lie more than 100
years. I am well behaved and I live in a (rood
country. A m^n who is vr^ll behaved and ilves
In a pood country will live a lonp life. I
wanted to come to another convention and «o
I am here, and now think that we can all
cari«r?«lulate ourselves that we had this honor
there as you have come h»re. with the ex
pectation and certain knowlpjg- that the nomi
nees of your party would be elected, but they
wnt there for the purpose of embodying: in
th*lr platform th« besv-culturcd thought and
Ideas of the countr:.-. which U.:& been grrowlng
in int*;i*!ty eince the Declaration o: In<2e
f^ndonce.
We, my comrade and myself, stood
by the birth, of the Republican party
ill this State. We saw it in its swad
dling 1 cicthes: we witnessed it grow
ing into the stalwart giant, until un
der the leadership of our martyred
Fresident, Abraham Lincoln, it met
and settled greater questions cf civil
and political government than ever
before came be-fore any political
party.
Of course !n a country to vast a5 our? and
¦with F'lt-h varied interests it tviuld have taken
krovl?dge and exp<'riem*e not to
hovp na'l* feme mistake?. The Republican
pf.rty has be*-r. in power since lStfl with two
noticeable end notorious exception* (applau<?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEAI>QUARTERS. SAK
TA CRUZ. Sept. 6. -The Re
publican State Convention
finished Its labors to-day and
then adjourned with, enthusi
astic cheers.
At 10:S0 o'clock the conven
tion 'was called to order by
Chairman Van Kleot. The delegates were
late in making th«?ir appearar.ee, as they
lac late the night before. Lons
| '..Afore the stipulated hour of su-pembly,
bowwer. the hall was crowded by the
<-:tirer:s of Santa. Crux. The fair sex •was
•noil represented In the presence of many
pretty women. *
•Vithout formality th« chairman an
nounced that the" business of th© conven
tion must receive attention at once, lie
cailed therefore for tie report of the
committee on credentials. The report was
r^-ad by Sims of Sacramento. The docu
ment included nothlns which was not in
dicated this morning in The Cail. The re
port was in full as follows:
To the State Convetlon of the Republican |
Ti-rxy cf the riratc or <""ai;fora'.a— Oentlemen: ;
Tcur ccni3i;tte# en crvi^ntiils beg to eul«rel! j
to you the following' report with respect to the i
T*;-;ar>' e'.*-ftion or the Itepubiican i>*rty held j
in the citv ani county of San Fnnciseo on j
tht- iizh day August. 1*0". pursuant to the i
Ci'is ror a "pr.iiiarv of the Slate Cea- I
tra! Committee of liif i'.epublican i-arty of the !
gtate Bt Cfcilfornia ana Df the County Commit- :
tee Of the- city z^& couaty ot San Krancieco.
Two eets of credt-r.Uals' cf delegates elected ]
t.. £aJi prlmarj election 'rom the various As- :
ecmbiv districts ejr.L>raccJ i:-. raM city ar.d j
otustj" cf San Francisco were presented to i
th'.s octsniltteAi Onn set o: cred'ntialF was '
eigsed by the chairman a:id sccretarj' of the ;
tiild Republican ptrtjr comir.ittee of said city ;
ar. i county and the other set was contained ]
•r. a. written tt«t«?tr.«»nt of The proceedings of i
tJw raid Iiepublicar. County Cr>mm!ttee at a ;
aeetlng ihereot iie!<s in San Prasclaca Septeru- ;
ber i, 1J0 1 ), which Mattrr.snt wa? c-lRtie-i by a j
rt-rrity of the membfis of said County Com-
K:-"t*«. *
Your committee, after a careful investigation, :
&ow naif the following recommendation end i
report tn wit:
That the act'.on cf eald County Committee ¦
by a srajority vcte at its meflinj held Sep
timber !. ISW. Which meeting na.' a duly !
< ¦: -i :=-*tiri^ cr-d remilarly he!d. in deter- j
rr.inir'.g whioh persons w<-re elected two the !
various AotseniWy tfietrict* f-mbrared in liie
city i.: ' eoanty of Sa-.i Francisco at the faM ;
. ,.;"_ a _ v election h«-',a Aujru^t -4. l'l-O. as Uele- ;
i.i:.s< to The mri.';:s Kepubli'-an convention*. )
lursuant to ts:<i <a.!ls for a primary «>iection. ¦
IE a tinal d^icrrni nation cf the mattfr. .
That the credential* issued by *b* majority ,
cf en:d Cfionty Committee as af^resaU are ;
•: ¦ '.'.ir.s in £'I matter* of conflict between :
tzUl majority and th<> chairniaji or seorotary
ol ;-a:i County Committee, and that wherever ,
rudl conflict DOCCra This convention should t>» ;
r led B£d goverrrd by the acts of tacb nia- i
... . ,v o «;, a i cxpnession of the will cu
mty "'.-.n-.n-.itt^.
\v;i.UAii M. FIMS, Chairman. i
J B. GnCiil^uTi". Fecretarj-.
Triumph for the Machine.
The report the <-ommiuce on creden- '
tiais - . •; ' ; adopted -with but a single di«
.. - _ rote— that of Abraham Ruef. It;
w-a« a irJumpa for the machine.
The report permanent organization:
and or&i r of business v.a^ next read and
¦ ¦-.;. It was as follows:
Your .-. -¦ -ru—ire on permanent orcanlzatlon
and order of bTifinees bf^s leave to report as ,
'hat the temporair officers of the convention i
b* th* r'» nr.an.T.t o-Sccrs thereof. We rci-om- J
rr^vji tiic followln* liFt of names for vice
Dr. Jolc C. Ji'-Lran of A!»3i«Ja. Albert
Ersyon c' rfawt, W. D. Ma<2i?n of Kings, D.
J. liall o! Trin'.'j. Jan:es A. Johnson of Del
>Tnr'.e. G«orre Tomb of LJisi«en. W- W. Wanl
ol Tuba, Harvey lioor.e of Mono. L.. D. Nash
ef Butter. A. li. Grim of Alameda. J. J.
Luchsir.e.-r of fcolar.o. O. Schxvelser of Yolo.
Jooeob S. ?r^ar Jr. of San KTcr.clsco, R. 6.
Ji luos of San Francisco. C. B. Kofle of San
Francisco, M. A. Southworth of Sa.r;ta Clara.
IV. J. Martin of San Mateo. D. S. Fitr.frerald
of Baa I rancJsco. Carl Lindsey of Santa Cruz.
\V. ii A-.!.- of Los Anceles, George Mack of
£a:.ta B&rtwxa. G. R. Freeman of EUveritfe.
J. L. ITr-r.r-ruutb cf Stanislaus, J. W. Knox of
Her • ;. r. Charles E. Pearce of Mia«ouri.
. :r»i~l l-e follow. ng order of biiPl
: Resort of renjisittee on credentials.
I- Beport :f tha committee on permanent or
¦nalzatton and order of business.
I— -Reoort of committee on resolutions and
*— Notr;i nation cf nine Presidential electors.
as follows: Two electors from th<? State at
ihTi.^ atd p^vm f!ector«. one to be reeom
rr.-c1' i w by »ach Congressional district.
6— -Kerolve.i, Thet the ex^euti ve committee of
k ' v .- P.<>r>r:Wlcari State Central Committee of
I * r: ia ba a.rA hereby is empowered to fill
C. vacancies from any cause In nominations
c.ri le \ ¦¦ this convention.
C-Tl^at Um chairman of the State Central
Corr.rr.lt;*"- oe and h* *¦= hereby emrowered to
ai'ooir.t tbe auditing committee of five re- i
Quired to be appointed by faction 1 of the
act known *s the runty of election law.
7 — K"*o!vf1, That the f»tatf? Central Commit
tee and «\<. r-xecutiv* committee of the State
Central Commute* fr<a:ed Y»y the State con
vention, which assembled in Eaoranr-nto in
May. XMflL b« eostitmad until the meeting of
the next Stare convesUon of the rarty.
Adoption of the Platform.
Upon the adoption of the report the
convention elected Us temjorarj- officers
permanent an<1 th^ convention w'as finally
aiid completely "r*ranizf-d. Affairs then
ir.oved quickly to oonclupion. The com- I
miTtee on platform and resolutions then !
presented the platform, which was adopt- I
ed unanimously and <-nthusiaRtlc?lly.
When th*» platform had been adopted
an Interesting and significant Incident
marked the progress of the convention.
Two of the oldert Republicans In the
State — old In the service of the party —
•w«*re escorted amid cheers to the plat
form.
Nominations for Presidential Electors
a.t large were then declared" In order.
Snrr.uel M. Shortridge of San Francisco
ar.d William J. Barrett of Log Angeles
vere p:aced In nomination and elected by
acclamation.
Then the candidates for electors chosen
by the various Congressional districts
Were announced and the convention unan
imously nominated them.
Sesolutions of Thanks.
JuSsre MoKinley, chairman of th« co-m-
Tr.iTt***! on platform and resolutions, sub
ir.itted the following resolution, which
¦was adopted: ,
R«-*c2v*-d That the thanks of this convention
b» and they are hereby tendered to the dtl
zrr.-' committee »nd the people of Santa Cruz
*or the excellent arrangements made for the
oonr^ntlon and the rospitable treatment of the
d«lT%t« arid the'r friends.
The following resolution was also
adopted:
Resolved. That th'.5 convention recommend
tn tb« p<"or>:« the adoption of an amendment
j^. o ,../; !ng for three intermediate appellate
court*.
Senator Davis seconded the resolution
and It vi-as adopted -without a dissenting
Dr. Pardee of Oakland male a motion
thai the convention ask Ihe poop]* of tli*
Sifiir- to vote for thf adoption of the con
rtltutSonsJ amencr.fTi providing for prl
m."-y iav/f. It v.as nupireFted to the doc
tor that the platform contained such a
provision, bat this did not deter him. He
cpk^d and secured a favorable vote on his
J;iri S f- McKInley tnov<*d that the thanks
of the convention b«* ;c-ndrred to Chalr
maa Van Floet for the impartial and
sill'- manner In trhicn h*> presided over the
<}'-\'.'.>< ration* of the body and had extend
ed to the <nh*»r officers the utmost cour
tesy. The motion was carried unanimous
ly.
TVo Republican "Warhorses.
>• thp carnff request of the delegates
Albert Brown of Santa Cruz and Dr. John
C. McLean of Alr.meda. two survivors of
tfco first Republican convention of 1S56,
¦were invited to t.iko the platform end ad
orers the delcgst^F. As the two gray
er adefl men walked hand In hand to the
yy*trum they were erected with cheere.
captain Brown was first to speak, and
he delivered a fpeech full of flr« and elo
quor.ee. In part he said:
I wish to return to you our thanks for your
courteous reoorrjition of what li left of the
convention of 1S5«. We might be considered the
•urvtval cf the yoon^eet and not tha survival
of the fittest of that convention. The men
¥ i.a weat to that convention In IK* did not gn
Business of the Last Day Is Fol=
lowed by Spirited Speeches by
Two Party Veterans.
WINDING UP WORK
AT THE GATHERING
DRAMATIC THE CLOSING SCENES AT SANTA CRUZ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1900.
Pledge the
Party to Build the
Nicaragua Canal.
REDDING, Sept. 6.— The decomposed
body of a man. half burned to ashes, de
void of clothing except shoes, was found
on the road leading from the Mount
Shasta mine to Whiskytown this morn-
Ing. The grewsome find was made by
Ed Abcrnathy and Joe Shatter, two boys
of Shasta. They were hunting and
traveled the road leading to the mine.
Fire had swept the brush away. Near
the road was a pile of ashes and from It
protruded a queer looking object. Ap
proaching closer they found tho remain*
of a human beine. The Identity of the
Found Near Whiskytown.
3
Congratulating the
State and Peopla on the
Semi-Centermial.Colonel William J. Morgan.
ALBANY. N. Y.. Sept. C-Winiam J.
Morgan of Buffalo. Controller of the
State, and who was renominated for the
office yesterday, dlod early to-day.
Colonel Morgan was born in Canada in
ISM. and removed to Buffalo with his
prisms ten years later. At the opening
of thp Civil War he unlisted as a private
In the One Hundred and Sixtieth New
Vrrk Infantry. At the battle of Port
Hudson he was wounded four times He
was breveited lieutenant colonel for gal
lr.r.rry. Aft.r th« war he became a mem
!;¦ r of the editorial staff of the Buffalo
< ommercinl and remained with that paper
for twenty years. Mr. Morgan was ap
pointed a canal appraiser by Governor
Cornell and served as chairman of that
t?- H *' wriS "Planted Collector of
th* Port r.f BujTa!'. bv President Harrison
In V'M he became Deputy Controller of
Ilj« btntp and four y«ars later was elected
( oTHroIler.
The Day's Dead
Wo recall his eminent fuccpss in mercantile
business in his earlier years, his great con
structive and administrative work, by which in
the second half of his lifetime he huiit and
hroupht under his administration over 10.000
miles of railroad and steamship lines covering
upward of 12,000 miles of ocean transportation,
the indomitable courage which he displayed in
overcoming great natural obstacles which
would have baffled ordinary men, building rail
roads not alone over easy routes and fertile
valleys but across deserts which the explorer
had feared to traverse and over mountain
"As far as I know, the ijuestlon has not
been considered since Mr. Huntington's
death. Mr. Huntington and our firm al
ways agreed that the maintenance of the
property at the highest standard of ef
ficiency ought to be the chief object ! of
the management and that the Southern
Pacific Company ought not to begin pay
ing dividends until there seemed a reason
able certainty that they could be main
tained."
Asked as to the time when dividends
would begin, Mr. Speyer declined to say.
The resolutions on the death of Mr.
Huntington say:
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— At a special
meeting of the directors cf tho
Southern Pacific Railroad held to
day resolution? of re?ret on ac
count of Mr. Huntlhgton's death
were adopted. The by-laws of the com
pany were amended so ps to provide for
a chairman of the board and for weekly
mestinss of tho executive committee.
Mr. Huntington's place on the board
was filled by the election of James
Speyer. Charles H. Tweed was elected
chairman of the board. On motion cf
August Belmont a special committee, con-
Mstlr.g of C. H. Tweed, J.-imes Speyer and
D. O. Mills, was appointed to consider iht>
question of a successor to the late Presi
dent Huntington.
Speaking of the dispatch from San
Francisco, which stated that there had
been some difference of opinion between
the late Mr. Huntington nnd tho firm of
Speyer & Co. on the dividend policy of
the. Southern Pacific, Mr. Speyer said thi.s
afternoon:
CHARLES H. TWEED, ONE OF THE THREE MEN WHO WILL NAME
MR. HUNTINGTON'8 SUCCESSOR.
Mr. Bynum declared emphatically that
he did not vo> for Mr-Kinley in ls!*5, a.«
ha? Vw»n so ofien stated, but voted for
Palmer and Buckner. He said that
f-vents Finre 1J&6 had only served to
strengthen his views on the money ques
tion. He had predicted then in a speech
in Madison Square Garden. New York,
that with the maintenance of a gold
standard and an improvement In hanking
ia<M!itk<5 New York would become the
monetary cr-mer of the world. Events
had exceeiiefi his expectations and h»
CQoM not understand how any one who
opposed Mr. Bryan four years ago could
support him now. Mr. Bynum ridicuk-d
in* issue of irr.porialism and gave his en
tire approval to the policy of the adminis
tration in the Philippines. He said this
evening That h" had not yet made any en
gagements to sppak during the campaign
Init he .-xpfct^d to take the stump for Me-
Kinl«»y and Roosevelt.
In the course <.f a lnnjr Interview defin
ing hi? position. Mr. Byr.um Fald: -'I de
t^rminfd to support the Republican can
didates as soon as the action of the
Democratic Convention was made known.
I think the Republican party nearer right
on Questions to be settled at the coming
elecii. n and they are too grave, in my
Judgment, to aumit of any one remaining
s!!«>nt or inactive."
CALL, BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEU WASHINGTON'. Sept. 6.-
Pcrmer Representative Ltynum of ln
•liana. who was one of the leaders In the
*rr>ld Democratic movement four year*
apo. ha? come out squarely in support cf
McKinley and Roosevelt.
Special Di*iatch to The Call.
sibly Support TTim
Any One Who Opposed Bryan
Four Years Ago Can Pos-
Says He Cannot Understand How
May Take the lor the
Republican Standard
Hearers.
BYNUM WILL
CAST HIS VOTE
FOB McKINLEY
Jones Wins the Handicap.
SALINAS, Sept. 6. — In the all comers*
handicap singles tennis tournament which
has been in progress here since Monday
A. W. Jones Jr. of this city won in the
finals over Ralph Walsh.
Beno's Relay Team.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., Sept. 6.— The following
have been selected to represent Reno
wheelmen in the 25-mile relay race at In
pleside on Sunday next: A. Peckham, Ed
Stanley, W. Thompson, A. Keddie. J.
Peckham. Substitute, James Hart. At
the try-out which was held here to-day
fast time was made. The Reno riders
are in the pink of condition and will give
a good account of themselves in the race.
The team, in charge of Captain Haw
croft, will leave here on Friday night for
San Francisco. A larse number of Re
noltes will accompany them.
Was One of th» Heaviest Producers in
Cripple Creek District but Now
Is Heavily in Debt.
DENVER, Colo.. Sept. 6.— Judgment on
default of $153,516 was taken in the Dis
trict Court to-day against the Victor Gold
Mining Company by David H. Moffatt on
notes given on March 23. 1900, bearing 10
per cent Interest. The Victor mine on
Bull Hill in Cripple Creek has been one
of the heaviest producers In that camp.
The company was organized in 1892 with
200,000 shares of a par value of $3 per
share. It has paid $1,155,000 in dividends.
In 1S96 D. H. Moffatt and Eben Smith
sold the controlling interest to a French
syndicate, which left the management to
them, and In 183S they sold much of the
remaining stock in their hands on the
Boston market for $8 a share. In 1&»S
Mr. Moffatt went out as president and "W
H. Breevort was elected. During that
year the company paid four dividends of
$100,000 each. N. H. Cone, manager
of the property, died last year and the
mine practically closed shipping. How
the heavy indebtedness was incurred has
not been divulged. It is said that there
are still large ore bodies in the mine and
probably steps will be taken by the stock
holders to save the property.
JUDGMENT AGAINST
VICTOR MINING COMPANY
Fierh.t a Ih-aw
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Sept. 6.— Harry
Forbes of Chicago and Caspar Leon of
New York fought a 20-round draw at
Lake Contrary to-night. It was one of
the. fastest contests ever seen here.
Forbes was the agsTPPsor and srave and
took some severe punishment. Forbes en
deavored to get the decision in the sev
enteenth round on a claim of foul. Cam
per landed a hard right on the stomaen
and Forbes claimed he had been injured
in the eroin. The referee disallowed tho
claim.
•
LONDON", Sept. 6.— The police of Budapest,
according to a dispatch from Vienna to th<»
Daily Mall, have captured a sans: of whr>lesat>
note forgers, including- a political !avry?r named
Takata. and Frau Kovarz. a well-known
painter. Takata tried to «Iioot himself.
Will Discuss and Act on Bishop Mc-
Faul's Project of a Federation
of Organizations.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.-Advlce9 re
ceived here indicate that one of the most
important meetings of Catholic priests
and laymen ever held In this country will
convene at Philadelphia under Archbishop
Ryan's auspices on September 17. Thi4
meeting will be attended by delegates
representing every section of the United
States and from all the Catholic benevo
lent and fraternal societies under the
guidance of episcopal authority, which !t
is estimated embraces a membership of
fully 150,fj00 soul3.
The object in view la to form a federa
tion of these associations. It is under-
Stood that the Order of the Catholic
Knights of America has Initiated tho
movement looking to the amalgamation,
in this respect following the suggestions
recently given by Bishop McFaul of Tren
ton. N. J.
? ¦
"Wins at Golf.
NIAGARA OX THE LAKE. Ont.. Sept.
6.— The remaining matches of the men's
handicap of the gold tournament wero
played here this afternoon. As a result
of the day's play Robert Burns of the
Niagara Golf Club wins first prize with
97. minus his handicap of 15, making S2.
Three tied for second and the tie will be
played off in the morning at nine holes.
The first sixteen in the handicap qualified
for the Xiagara Challenge cup. open9.
Xet scores:
R. Dixon S3, C. M. Ransom 9S. J. P.
Bowerman S7. Scott Griffin S7, J. E. Bail
lie 88. H. E. Avery S4. E. Lansing 97. B. S.
Home 93, J. X. Hancock 90. P. K. Tuna;
R4, A. C. Forbes 88, P. D. Creerar 83, W.
E. Wilcox 93, F. R. Martin 90. F. E. At
water SO. W. D. r)n.w<= f ,n 91.
CATHOLICS TO MEET
AT PHILADELPHIA
ranges deemed practically impassable until his
master spirit found the way, his marvelous
calmness and patience in most trying emer
gencies and his considerate and conciliatory
nature, which before his death had overcome
accusation and detraction and without violence
or bitterness had overmastered his enemy.
THOUSANDS OF SHEEP
KILLED BY CATTLEMEN
Herd Driven Over a High Precipice in Colorado
and the Entire Neighborhood
Is Up in Arms,
WALSENBURG, Colo., Sept 6.— Reports received from Sharpsdale, a
small town in Southern Colorado, near Mount Blanco, say that the
feud over the use of the range which' has long existed between cattle
men and sheepmen reached a climax this week, -when the cattlemen
drove 3000 sheep over a high precipice. The trouble has grown out of
the scarcity of water along the water courses. Where srrass silll remains the
sheep were pastured, and after they had once passed cattle refused to eat and
either died or became very poor.
The cattlemen rose in revolt and, taking horses, corraled about sow <?he»p.
The sheepmen protested, but being unarmed they could do nothing. The sheep
were then driven down a narrow gulch, at the foot of which an ancient water
fall had hollowed out a pit over 200 feet deep. Faster and faster the maddened
animals ran, urged on by the shouts of the cowboys, until the lender paused at
the brink. The press behind him forced him over and the others followed. Somo
of the last, who fell on the bodies of the first, were not killed, but the majority
were killed. It is stated that the entire country has taken up arms.
Mas Place on the Board off Directors off the South"
ern Pacific Company ¦ Filled by
James Speyer.
COMMITTEE TO CHOOSE
HUNTINQTON'S SUCCESSOR
Historic Policy.
The policy of expansion Is America's historic
:ollcv. We have annexed the Philippines ex
actly as we have annexed Hawaii. New Mexi
co and Alaska. Thoy are now part of Ameri
can territory «nd we have, no more right to
c'.ve them up than we have the right to re
store Hawaii to th? Kanaka queen, or to
nbnr.don Alaska to the Esquimaux. There Is
'not a particle of difference between the cases
We cannot fo back, first for the sake of the
islands themselves and next for the sake of
our own honor. The men who are makin"
«V<?echei< on the unrightcouxness of our expand"
ir.a In the Philippines might with as much
Justification incite the Pioux and the Apache
tribes to outbreak against us on the. ground
that we l:nve no right to retain South Dakota
or Arlior-a. The policy of the Kansas City
platform is a policy of economic disaster and
financial dishonor at home and of unworthy
shrinking from doty abroad ; and we appeal to
all honest. far»e«»lnsr. bravo and patriotic men
North or South. East or West, whatever their
jwlitlcal affiliations may have been in the
t>ast. to stand with us now against the men
¦who would bring «nch abuse and misery upon
our country and to support us as we uphold
Mere Phantoms.
So far as I know there is no man in the
United States who believes in either imperial
ism or militarism. They are pure, phantoms of
an even more shadowy and Intangible auallty
than the iniquitous "robber gold dollar."
which disturbed Mr. Bryan so much four years
•so. The regular army Is not nearly eo nu
merous, relatively to the whole, population, as
Is the New York police force relatively to the
population of New- York. Just at present we
have in the regular army as compared with
our population nine-tenths of a soldier to
even- 1000 of population. The increase of
militarism since the palmy days of Jefferson,
a century back. Is represented by exactly one
tenth of a soldier to every 1000 Inhabitants, and
the Increase to the danger of our Institutions
Is measured, therefore, by the amount of ty
ranny which is capable of being exercised by
one American In a uniform over 10,000 of Mb
follow citizens without uniform.
Mr. Bryan and his associates cannot gay
rnoueh about the "consent of the governed"
doctrire as apply to the Philippines. They
dtrelt upon the fact that_ "no man Is good
Una "and other Southern States, we see before
our eyes the process of the disfranchisement
of the necro. We «e» before our eyr<< the
black man governed without his consent by the
white man. I'ntll our opponents have re.
mo""ed th» beam from their own eyo. by np
:i1yir:r their "consent of the governed" doc
trine at horn*, let them hold their peace about
th> Tural bandits to whom their word's give
?r«-»ih h*-art to shoot down our soldiers in the
tar Eastern archiTiclniro.
We have a right to insist upon both wisdom
and sincerity in the leaders of any party who
aiiea! for popular confidence. Now let us
pee if we can trust the wisdom of our pres
ent opponent* by comparing their prophecies
In '<•« with the actual events since.
Governor Roosevelt quoted many, ex
tracts from Mr. Bryan's speeches in 1S3S
concerning the effects of the s;old standard
snd asked his hearers to contrast actual
results with Mr. Bryan's prophecies. He
resumed:
In his speeches Mr. Bryan kept Insisting upon
the alleged fsct that money was growing
def rer: that under a gold standard it was hound
tf. continue to grow scarcer. Well, as a mat
ter of fact. Bn<1 thanks to our prosperity, there
!s more money in circulation per capita in the
I'r.lted S-tates to-day than ever before in the
history nf the country. On July 1 last the
circulation per capita was 126 50, an Increase
in circulation of $5 40 for every man, woman
and child in the country, as compared with
what it was on July 1. 1S9«. So Mr. »ryan'6
prophecy ha? been as wide of the mark in this
instance as in every other. The present year
is the first in which the two billion dollar mark
in circulation has ever heen parsed. In other
words, the increase of money in circulation has
kept pace, with the expanding industries and
commerce of the country and this Increase has
been predominately due to the condition of
prosperity produced by the gold standard; yet
Mr. FJryan, In his> Minneapolis speech of four
years aco. predicted that commerce would be
at a. standstill because gold would go out of
the country and that the issuing of l«onds
would be necessary tc bring it back. Every
rinsle prediction he has made has been falsi
fied by the event.
Bryan a False Prophet.
Our opponents were as cock-sure about the
pold dollar beine a "robber dollar" four years
jtgo rs they are about what they are pleased
to term "militarism and imperialism" at the
present day. and their utterances mean no more
now than they meant then.
Mr. T.ryan 5eem» at th» moment uneasily con
scious that th»»re is sorm thing very wrong with
his proposed financial policy; and talks very
little about it. bat he has definitely committed
hims-elf to it. and the various conventions that
nominnted him have reiterated their belief in
all lh« absurd end exploded theories which
he championed four years ago. 1'nless our op
ponents ar<^ guilty of the grossest hypocrisy
they must, if th^y carry the election, immedi
ately Ftart in to revolutionize our whole finan
cial system ard begin a sfriep of experimenta
with our industrial well-being which could only
result In the most widespread disaster.
It Is a terrible and most lamentable truth
that our loldiera who are now facing death
In the Philippines are forced to recognize in
the Brranlstlc Democracy their most danger
ous foe. The bullets that slay our men in
Luzon are !n«i>lred by the denouncers of
America here. No Tagal general, not AgulnaMo
himself, mn do fo much to prolong the fight
ing, can do oe much to increase the bloodshed
of American and Filipino nllke a« has been done
by the Kansas City convention.
DETROIT. Sept. 6.— The first meeting
of Governor Roosevelt's Western
tour, which was held in the b'.pr
assembly room of the Detroit IJ^bt
Guard Armory to-niprht, was all
that the Governor's most ardent partisans
| could have <lt sired In point of attendance
j and enthusiasm. The floor and galleries
(of the great hall wore crowded. Many
I wore on the outside, unable to obtain scats
i or Ftandins room within hearing distance.
The Vice Presidential candidate received
a tremendously enthusiastic sreeting as
ho made his way up through one of tho
! side aisles. A large proportion of the
i nudifnee stood upon chairs and yelled
i frantically for "TecUly." It was with dif
! fioulty that the shouts could be .appeased
i r-r'i Kilence restored so as to permit the
| mertinp to proceed.
When Governor Roosevelt arose to
1 spoak the great crowd arose almost en
messe an«I remained standing and shout
ing for some time. The Governor's speech
occupied about an hour in delivery and
was listened to throughout with thought
ful attention.
Governor Roosevelt gave the audience
an object lesson when he asserted that
our Eoldieu in the Philippines had less to
feai from any liody of armed bandits In
that country than they had to fear from
the principle.', of the Kansas City plat
form and the success cf the Democratic
ticket. Ho five numbers of the regu
lar army were present and asked them to
Btund up that the audience misfit .see
their tyrants. Five soldiers from the
Fourth Infantry at Fort Wayne, who oc
cupied front seats when thus addressed,
arose and were applauded. "Now." ex
claimed Governor Kooseyelt; "behold your
tyrants."
Soldiers Applauded.
The audience shouted with laughter.
""They :ire here," continued the Governor,
"rive soldiers to four thousand* people in
this audience, which is a larger percent
age of tyranny in this house than the per
rertase of the regular army bears to the
wj ble number of the people of. this coun
try."
Continuing. Governor Roosevelt said in
part:
In this campaign the issue of oversha^lowlnj;
Imoortasce is whether we shall continue or
abandon the Governmental policy which has
bnmefat this country t.> the highest pitch of
prosperity at home, and which has kept the
national Iionor unstained, both at home and
abroad. To deliberately endo the work would
be te> dishonor the national reputation ami to
throTv us into dreadful industrial chaos. The
Kai'.^is City rlatforr.i commits our opponents
t.-> a policy which nv-ans material disaster aii'1
moral i!i?£rrace; rrhich means a violent panic
In the busin.-«s world and therefore widespread
aod urotonsed misery among all our people;
which further mean* ur.st-ttlnf? the courts, the
violation of the nation's faith in financial mat
ters and the unworthy abandonment of our
dutr abroad. The nation that accepts euch
moral irinTit.les cannot live. It will rot to
d'^ath in the loathsome stew of Its own cor
ruption.
TT the American people are true to them
selves they must in the most unequivocal man
ner repudiate the t>opuli*tic and communistic
doctrines enunt-iated in the Kansas City plat
form exactly as they repudiated them in "9S.
The exis'.rnce of any consideralle party which
affirm* and reaffirms these doctrines is in Itself
a serious menace to the nation's moral and
rr.atcrinl welfare} and we have a right to
apr-eal to every far-sighted and patriotic man,
whate'. er his political a'f.liatlons in the past,
from no mattpr what section of the country
he comt-s. to ftand with us in this struggle for
national integrity.
Sincerity Required.
Says That the Latter Is a False Prophet and
Militarism and Imperlcilism but Mere
Phantoms.
th« cause of honesty and industrial well being
at home and the honor of the American flag
in the face of all the peoples of the earth.
m
BRYAN ENDS HIS TOUR
OF WEST VIRGINIA
Discusses the Statement That He
Secured the Ratification of the
Treaty With Spain.
WHEELINO, W. Va.. Sept. 6.— The tour
of West Virginia, which was begun last
Wednesday by \V. J. Bryan, was con
cluded to-day by a speech at this place.
He traveled from Doer Park by way of
Clarksbtirg anil Parkersburg to-day, mak
ing three speeches of length and two or
three informal talks at such places as St.
Mary's and Sisterville.
In West Virginia Mr. Bryan has made
all told six set speeches and a number of
briefer addresses and has had uniformly
large audiences. At the Parkersburg
meeting ex-Senator J. N. Camden pre
sided. He supported Palmer and Buckner
four years a^o. The speech at Parkers
burg was devoted almost exclusively to
the question of imperialism. Discussing
tho title to the Philippines, Mr. Bryan
asked:
"Who says the Lord gave them to us?"
To this a voice in the crowd responded,
"Mark Hanna."
This response elicited a shout, and Mr.
Bryan replied: "While I am not prepared
to deny that God does speak through the
human voice, I do think that when he
get? ready to speak to the American peo
ple he will choose some other mouthpiece
than Mr. Hanna."
He contended that under the Republican
scheme for the control of the Philippines
the pcoplr of those islands must neces
sarily become subjects, as they could not
be citizens under those plans, and there
was no place under a republican form of
government for a .subject. In this speech
Mr. Bryan discussed more fully than at
any time before -the charge that. he had
secured the ratification of the peace
troatv with Spain. On this question he
said:
I want tn call your attpntlon to an argument
thsl the Hfnuhlican party seems more fond
of making than It does of making aay other
in defense of Imperialism. The main argument
that I have been hearing lately in defense Of
imperir.llFm is that I help>*'l to ratify the treaty.
Reptiblicnra me t<x> much credit when
they say I secured the ratification of the treaty.
It seems to nie thru if I had to help the Presi
dent secure the ratification of the treaty that
closed the war the Republicans ouRlit to feel
more kindly toward me than they do. If your
rrerident and your party In authority in both
houfes could not get the treaty ratified with
out my heln. I am not such a bad man as you
thouerht. I have not yet found a single Sena
tor who hr;s publicly declared that he voted
for tlie treaty because I wanted him to, but
Sesfrttor Wellington has said he voted for the
treaty because the President asked him to
r.nd promised that the Philippines should not
be held permanently If the treaty was ratified.
eo that If you attempt to prove that I am
responsible for the treaty you cannot do it,
bat you can prove by Penator Wellington that
the treaty would not have been ratified but
for the riromise of your 1'resldent.
Whenever you hear a Republican say that I i
Rin responsible for the ratification of the treaty j
I want you to listen and see If he adds that
I also favored n resolution promising Independ
ence to the FU'T'inos and you will listen in
vain. The Republican who charges me with
helping to ratify that treaty is not honest
enoujrh to tell at the same time that I favored
a resolutlrn that would have prevented blood-
Fh«-<! In the Philippines and made the Filipino*
nur friends instead of our enemies.
GOLD DEMOCRATS TO
ACTIVELY FIGHT BRYAN
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Sept. 6.— Charles
Tracey of New York, chairman of the
National Committee of the Gold Demo
cratic party, and John P. Frensol of this
pity, secretary of the National Committee,
held a conference here to-day. Mr. Fren
sol announced that national headquarters
will be opened in this city at once.
The purpose of the establishment of na
tional headquarters as announced by Mr.
Tracey Is to conduct a campaign through
out the country, and especially in this
State, which will endeavor to defeat Mr.
Bryan. Mr. Tracey said: "Judging from
my observation and knowledge, my opin
ion Is that "5 per cent of the Gold Demo
crats of 1896 will vote for McKinley and
Roosevelt. The remaining 25 per cent will
vote for Mr. Bryan."
FUSION TICKET IS
NAMED IN MINNESOTA
ST. PAUL.. Minn,. Sept. 6.— Fusion was
effected between the Minnesota Democrats
and Populists to-day and a full ticket was
named, headed by Governor John Ltnd.
An electoral ticket was also Indorsed by
the two conventions. The Democrats held
their convention In this city and the Pop
ulists in Minneapolis. Following is the
fusion ticket: Governor. John Llnd; Lieu
tenant Governor. T. J. MeaKhan; Secre
tary of State. M. E. Neary; State Treas
urer. H. C. Koerner; Attorney General,
Robert C. Saunders: Railroad Commis
sioners. P. M. Rinjrdahl # and T. J. Knox
for four years. S. M. Owen for two years;
Chief Justice, Frank C. Brooks; Associate
Justice, J. C. Nohaway; Electors at large.
Dr. Rudolph Schiffman and M. B. Pen
dergast. *
REPUBLICAN
NAMED IN NEW JERSEY
TRENTON; N. J.. Sept. 6.— The State
Republican Convention met to-day to
nominate Presidential Electors. United
States Senator Sewell was made tempor
ary and subsequently permanent chair
man. The platform, after Indorsing the
platform of the Philadelphia convention,
Eaid its promise of prosperity and the
maintenance of the gold standard has
found fulfillment In Industrial prosperity
never befcre oqualed.
McKinley Finishes His Letter.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 6.-The President
and some members of his Cabinet dined
at the Country Club to-ulgrht. The Presi
dent put the finishing touches on his let
ter of acceptance of the Republican nom
ination.
ROOSEVELT REPLIES TO
FALLACIES OF BRYAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1900.
Dr. E. I*. P»rrault has resumed practice
•.t 226 Sutler et. •
CHICAGO. f=ept. €.— The penersl offlcerw of
the NatinnaJ W. C T. IT. met to-day at their
•ienfl'juarier«. at Re<rt Cottape. Evanston.
Am"nr other matter* dlsruwd wae'the prayer
ohr.in ir.auRurated by some of the members of
the Indiana W. C. T. V. tor the defeat of
Prwlder.t MrKlnlej- at the coming election:
Il«/ wore unanlmou« in reisrrettinjc this action
cn4 wl'.l not co-oprrate with the plan.
AI-LIANCE. Ohio. Sept. «.— The oribblnr In
the tunnel renr MIner»-a nn the <ti!a Klwr am]
I'rie n^aii cauerht flre la« nijrht anil i« Ftill
hvrrine. rte^pite all effort* rf the company to
•¦•rrr'-l the flarreF. Tt.e tunnel Is raving in as
f»Fi as the ciil'hlng hur:if= and traffic south Is
eomr<HHy hloked as a result.
I LONDON. Pert. €.— Lieutenant Oneni! Kir
«~hArle« Warrer. an4 tho J?r!ti*h Wur Office <if
fltSals Fay th<re 1* no truth in the Ftatement
(ntr. H^ntrea! that Oeneral Wnr
rt>r. is tr. suc<-e«»<J lieutenant General I>ord AVil
11am Freierlrk Seymour ia command of the
Hr!t!Fh troor* In Canada.
MANEFIEUO. Ohio, fv pt. «.— John Fherman
flj;«l daughter. Mrs .1. I. MK'allum. uill leave
here Septf-mliT 17 for Washington, where they
will f:>end the winter. Uly proi^-ny here
which inclu<1«-s PCVCtml acres In the res!<5enr-e
P»rt of the city, ha* l«n lai<l out in lots anij
•wil! be *o!<!.
MOXTRRAL, S=«pt. €. — "Oounf de TouIoukh.
Ixn:Treo wik foun.l KUtlty trvflay of utt/rlnc
fcrr.f^i wcurltics. Benteaee will not I* pa«5«<i
fpr rrm* <3ay» The •'Ountess" 1 in i n n bar!
f.-Jifitir.n r-f hPnlTh unrt It 1* feared that her
husban4'« tntc inay afT>"-t her seriously.
TArArHlU. M^xtr-o. F-pt. «. — A4\-Ice« f rom
Guatemala fhiw re«t!o!>nesd nnd paralyjils of
faRMdnsw on r.coriunt «f the "xiM^ted breaktnir
cut of a revolution. President Cabrera"* posi
tion fs admitted t<> b« insooure.
pt. rETFj;?m-RO. sept «._ A m , mh^ T ot
th»> O»->»rraphic8l Sr.ci«y nanvd Pogirennohl
n«im.ni,nl«! by two r.fflc*^ ar.4 a number of
KOlAltr*. ascended the K rfat Ararat Septem-
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
RKRLTX Prrt e. r Th. bonw ofthe Gorman
Fmi*rors if th<> Palie lsnp. recently disinterred
nt th* OathArtml rf ?pi*r«. have been reln-
KTrni with irr.T^^nK ecri'moiiies.
At 7:30 this evening the club apraln con
vened to hear discussion upon the various
"isms" now agitating the public mind
The evening w.js distinguished by two ad
dresses— "Dowlelsm," by Rev. Dr. F. • D
Bovard of San Kranclsco, secretary of the
movement for the exemption of church
property from taxation, and "Eddyism '•
by Rev. Dr. Alfred Kummer of San Jose
The Itinerants* Club, will hold daily ses
sions until September 10. * "
Papers upon the use of the church ritual
in the ceremonies of marriage, funerals
holy communion, baptism and reception of
members Into the church were presented
by Rev. M. H. Alexander and Rev. Dr. A
L. Needham of Oakland and Rev. Dr. H
B. Heacock of Alameda.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. G.-The regular
nnnual meeting of the Itinerants' Club ot
tlie California Methodist Episcopal Con
ference was opened In this city last night
with an informal gathering of its mem
hors. and this morninR at 9:30 o'clock the
work of the club's present session wan b<=>-
Bun. Rev. L,eslio M. Burwell of Palo
Alto, president of the Itinerants' Club,
called the body to order, and an excep
tionally large number of the members was
present for the roll call. After the usual
routine business the first division of the
general subject. "Practical Theology,"
to be discussed during the present session
of the club was opened.
Leaders in Methodism Open Discus
sions on the Various "Isms"
Now Agitating the Public
-- Mind.
ITINERANTS GATHER
IN ANNUAL SESSION
riTTSBT'RG. Sept. B^Captaln, Joseph
Anderson. vie* pr<«Ment and peneral man
ajr^r of thf Tnited States Glass Company
died to-day after a short illness.
Joseph Anderson.
4
Mr. Tweed has been second vice president of the Southern Pacific Com
pany for several years and for a long time general counsel for the company
in New York, and in the close confidence of, the late president.
Swamp-Root is pisas&nt to take and sold
by a!! crugfists in fifty-cent zr.d one-t'^'Iar
cized bottles. You may ic; - ' "¦**j-_
hare a sampie bottle of aT^^-S^ti'f'J^^
t-is -*'onderful nev cis- JgJ'r;.^ b^Hf^^
cevsr/ and a bock that
•-Ls ail ibout it. bcth 7 :.. m - ,,f s.ra mp .Root.
psnt free by mail. Address Dr. Kilrr.cr & Co.
Binghainton^ N. Y. \\1-,»n vHtir.g rnentl'n
reading this gfe:]»rous oTf-' In ;hin papsr.
Bladder Troubles most always result from
a derar.gcmer.t of the kicr-ys and a cure is
obtained quickest by a proper treatment of
the kidneys. !f you are feeling badly you
car. make no mistake by taking Dr. Kilmer's
-Swamp- Root, the great kidney, liver and
bladder remedy.
It corrects ir.sfciiity to hsld urir.e and scald-
:r.g pain In pa;s;r.g it, and overcomes that
unpleasant necessity of being compelled to
po cften during the day, ar.d to get up many
times dtiring the night. The rr.iid ar.d the
cxiricrcir.ary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It star.ds the highest for its won-
derful cures cf the most distressing cases.
Thcrs is a disease prevailing in this
country mcst dangerous because so decep-
' , j\ I f^LJM tive. Many sudderr
*. r j t & C\l^t^^ ataths are caused by
i^5$^A^-?V^^^F" " — heart disease,
-&/^r P neBn * on **« heart
1|rS /TTl "V»^ f ai '- re or apoplexy
•'i'^ir\A! pare effen the result
)N\ Vc,j of kidr.ey disease. If
/ .l^^-S 'I | A £u<\ kidr.ey trouble is al-
, I \ )V b^ y lowed t c advance the
v st - *-jjy^~" bicod wi!i attack th *
"~ -m.J^-rL.^ ' vital organs or the
Kidneys themselves break do»Ti and waste
The Cause of Many
Sudden Deaths.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP ROOT.
nil ) ! i'JSI 1 if When the clock strikes the hour i^liiiSii'iS
I' I .1 ' } i \)MM lig of eleven to-morrow nieht our - r^Jn^K^VlRi >t JHV^Vw^WH^f"* -
| IIJJ \lmmlMi\ Remodeling Sale will end. That means |iy|BHllR 1 \
I ll«Hllf that we wil1 st °P sellin £ those lines of suits WllS^feliS 1
I l|i llH ill at half prices, which we have mentioned «j| l|li!ffl||f
I II ! flr'SI If y0U buy bere t0 " da y or to-morrow iffl !
1 plUy!/ II l! if your money will do double duty. Suits ||||!p ji|liii|l! I
1 i If illi are actually reduced as below noted — you TO|i|l^ tij!l\i?iil
| I Wj II ill know the values to be had— it rests with mil ||l|flj I
I i'j|f II ¦If you as to whether you take advantage of \| mI'HI
i fir If II' I saving one-half on your clothing bill.
1 i I lillS By coming to-day you will avoid the X "(flM'i
1 i I |ji I crowded store of to-morrow. v ll^i !
I II vn tlln riade-to-order Hats ! P*ij •
1 Ii/iil tVMaL- SUitS , Price * "\ u our at department are Jffil -^llj
M WWl %ffisM*w ,, , , j it. lower than those of exclusive dealers— €zZZ$ 1 -ii:? ""~~r
m fflM Mr.de from dressy cloths, worth for example, we sell a stylish * n f r .OT I I! ,! • £
H Mm $13.50 and $15.00, reduced now to or stiff hat for Ott JVR'J J0~sl
1 Youths' suits GoIf ca Ps |§^
I Ready-made To make room for our faii stock we deoanme^VTn^v^T ou , r Jf o , rin «lSilk=front shirts I
I miit^ T PCCt tO^ U { ° m $7 - 5 °' S* 00 and befngTwaste we make h'into^aps a^d' Newest •&»? oi ™ k ' 1!^ F
M SUITS $9.00 youths' suits for char | e vou fo ' r the ™^inR^ only ° blue and lavender in stripes; l
I P aS™r so,d ts ' f oTme p r'i c ; si « $5-»5 15c each; 2 for 25c S3* «g of gg3
I $ I2 .50; up .0 to-morrow ni E h, J^nfV V 'maSl°?h e "bosom- |
Eg $15.00; until Saturday night, * v T * ' -\_^ . J& broidered effects in all tho '
p| when the sale closes, price colors of the rainbow; they jj
la onlv ." ," ¦' •*: --'•' tvn *->k »« « -'''I *->. ' • are values at ?
H; .$8.45 T18 Market Street 25c a pair J
gMtp"BLACK JACK" ON TRIAX.
police, left Tagilarien ostensibly to In
spect the police in various towns. This
he did until heard from in Carmen with
followers, threatening to attack the gar
rison at Ubay. Two detachments ordered
to Carmen found the town peaceful. A
detachment of twenty-seven men under
First Lieutenant Lebaok was attacked oa
August 31 near Carmen by 120 bolomen.
The latter were nearly annihilated, over
1H0 being killed. Our loss as previously
reported. A movement in the interior is
now in progress. MacARTHUR."
FORT SNELLING, Minn.. Sept. 6.-
The second battalion of the Eighth United
States Infantry, including four com
panies, the non-commissioned staff and
band. Major F. Stretch commanding, was
entrained to-day for £an Francisco and
the Philippines.
Detachment Under Lieutenant Le
back Almost Annihilates a
Party of Bolomen.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 6.— The following
cablegram has been received at the War
Department from General MacArthur:
"MANILA, Sept. 5.— Adjutant General.
Washington: Details of an outbreak in
Bohol have been received. It has devel
oped that Pedro Samson, commandant of
MACARTHUR REPORTS
AN OUTBREAK IN BOHOL
Dr. Xansen. who returned from his ex
pedition to the Arctic regions In August.
1S96, reported that he left his vessel, the
Fram. March 14. 1S05, In 84 degrees north
latitude and traversed the Polar Sea to a
point 86 degrees 14 minutes north, situated
north of the New Siberian Islands. This
was a point four degrees farther north
than any previous explorer had reached.
Talked With the Pope.
LONDON, Sept. 6.— A special dispatch
from Rome says that the Pope during
his reception to-day expressed a wish to
see the two American students. Henry
Hangel and George L^iughney, who are
studying at Elchstadt and who were lost
In the catacombs September 2 and found
the next morning by some German stu
dent friends. Consequently the two young
men were sent for and had a Ions talk
with his Holiness.
«
Dinner to Minister Dudley.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyrlstht. 1S0O. by tlte Herald Pub
lishins Company.
LIMA. Peru, Sept. 6. — Coronel Zegrarra.
President of the Cabinet, gave a farewell
dinner to United States Minister Dudley,
who was highly esteemed m Lima so
ciety. &/
Remained Past in the Ice for Many
Months, and the Sledge Dogs
Were Killed and
Eaten.
?
CHRISTIAXIA, Sept. 6.— A telegram has
been received from Tromsoe. Norway, re
porting the return of the Stella Polar with
the Duke of Abruzzi's Arctic expedition
on board. The Stella Polar reached n
point In latitude 86.33 north, thus pene
trating farther north than Dr. Nansen's
record.
The Stella Polar remained fast in the Ice
for eleven months. Th,e pressure stove In
her sides, making a hole fifteen Inches In
breadth.
The members of the expedition suffered
many hardships and were compelled to
eat their sledge do^s. A Norwegian en
gineer and two Italians, members of the
expedition, perished. The news of the
assassination of King Humbert of Italy
(uncle of the Duke ot Aoruzzi) was com
municated to the Duke off Hammerfest.
The Stella Polar therefore did not com*
municate with the shore there, but pro
ceeded southward.
Return of the Duke of
Abruzzi's Expedition on
the Stella Polar.
PENETRATED
FAR INTO THE
ARCTIC ZONE
Every member . of the board said to
night he had not become sufficiently
familiar with the facts to venture an
W. D. Ryan, secretary-treasurer of the
Illinois district, is here and in consulta
tjon with the members of the board. The
treasury of the Illinois miners i3 full and
it Is rumored upon good authority that
the districts control about $200,000. With
out the consent of the local unions of the
district of Illinois this money would not
be at the command of the national board
and It is thought Mr. Ryan Is here for
the purpose of pledging the financial
assistance of; his district to. the board In
the event of a strike. ••-.-
At to-day's meeting reports were read
from members of the board and organiz
ers, who are not members, who hau been
at work organizing in the bituminous
Held. These reports show clearly that
there has been a big gain In membership
and that numerically tho i union is
stronger that it has ever been. Another
point to be gained by becoming informed
upon the conditions In the bituminous
district Is that the board members would
be in a position to judge whether or not
the organization can control a sufficient
territory to prevent the shipment of
bituminous coal into the anthracite field
In event of a strike being ordered.
"Information from the anthracite re
gion indicates that the operators will. not
meet us suul from this you can draw vour
own conclusions. as to what the outcome
will be."
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. C— "The condi
tion in' the anthracite region of Pennsyl
vania was not considered at to-day's
meeting of the executive board of the
United Mine-workers' of America," said
President John Mitchell to-night. "As a
matter of fact, I have" not placed the mat
ter before the board," he continued, "but
It. has been made a special order for to
morrow's session anu will be taken up
the first thing in the morning. I said
some time ago that in my opinion there
would be a big strike unless the operators
agree to meet us in a wage conference. I
have no reason to believe otherwise now.
This is my opinion. I have not talke.-l
with thu otiiei- members of the board
about It.
Throughout the Anthracite Region
Union Men Are Gathering In
formation and Preparing
for the Struggle. "
Indications That Big Strike
Will Soon Be in
Force.
OPERATORS ARE
HOT WILLING TO
MEET MINERS
LOXDON', Sept. ".—It is rumored that
2000 Boxers have been killed and woundel
In conflict with the troops of General
Yuan Shi Kai. military governor of Shan
tung. • •
RUMORED DEFEAT
OF ARMY OF BOXERS
Spcial Cable to The Call and Xew York Iler
aM. Copyright. 1300, • by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
BERLIN; Sept. 6.— In political circles
here it is thought that a compromise will
be come to in regard to the evacuation
of Peking and that the main body of
troops will bo removed to Tientsin, but
the garrison left In Peking.
COMPROMISE EXPECTED
REGARDING EVACUATION
"Russia's purpose Is to get all foreign
troops ns quickly as possible out of China
and then to lay aside the mask and seize
the empire for herself. Her proposal is
an unfriendly act toward Germany, since
Count von YValdernee announced he would
never give an order to retreat."
The press continues a lively discussion
of the Russian proposal, the more plain
spoken papers pointing out that Russia's
motives are selfish. The Centrist organ,
the Cologne Volks Zeltunsr. says:
The withdrawal of the Russian and
American forces from Peking would, of
course, upset Germany's programme as
outlined in Count von Bulow's circular
of July 3 and would create a wholly novel
and much more difficult situation.
BERLIN*. Sept. 6.— Several dispatches
have arrived from Washington during
the last five days which have met
with various interpretations here. One of
these Is that the United States Govern
ment Intended to withdraw its troops
from Peking if Russia did the same. Of
ficial circles were slow to believe this,
however, although a short Washington
dispatch received to-daiy seems to confirm
It.
RUSSIA'S SCHEME SAID
TO BE TO SEIZE CHINA
The French gunboat Decidee and trans
port Surnal have arrived. Reports from
the West River h.ivf been received of
disturbances at Taiwing, where robbers
were looting. The "Wuchow Prefect and
a hundred men fortifWl a pawn shop and
telegraphed for assistance and 400 troops
were dispatched to quell the trouble. The
disaffection at L,ungchow is not likely to
come to a head for lack of arms.
Chinese at the rumors of contemplated
simultaneous risings in Canton and Honjr
kong on Saturday. The police place no
credence in the reports.
Approximately over 1,000,000 people
would be directly affected by a strike In
the arthracite region.
opinion, but all realized the gravity of tho
proposition with which they must deal.
As a rule they are conservative, but the
general sentiment is that there will be a
strike.
BERLIN'. Sept. «>.— Thr- German \1ce ad
miral at Taku telegraphs that Captain j
Pohl. in his report from Peking. Bays the i
impression he formed on marching j
through the Imperial palace reception
tails and rooms August 2S was "dirt and I
WASHINGTON. Sept. 6.— Th^ State Dc
partment thi3 afternoon issued the fol
"A cablegram has been received from
?!r. W. W. Uockhill. dated at Shanghai.
Eeptemb«r 5, in which he authorizes the
<!<1>arUnent to deny emphatically and
categorically ih<? statrments made in cer
t;,ii. n.w.-i«Ipers relating to an interview
i.:!< c.-.i to have been given by him. rh*>
only Interview he has ever given related
HrKtly to tho circular of July *-. He
stated 'hat no raercbant vessel will be
s:i:!l:.c from Shanghai for scrpral day*.'!
PHAXCIUI Sept. C— WHIIam RockhlH.
T"n!tr<i Rratea 6l>eclal Commissionpr to
China; nhen fjuestioned to-day regarding
his il.r.ia) of statements made by him to
8 corrcsnocdent of the Associated Pre«;s
end cabled to the t'nited States from
Enansnai in.-» Sunday, said the State De
partxacnt had cabled him regarding the
IntrrvU:*, and as be considered the con
versation personal he had frit justlfiod In
replying that br- had given no interview.
T>ir» forr^iv-mdPTit of the Associated
T*rf*ss on tho oo<MFion in question visited
Mr. rtockhll] as a correspondent and for
lh« porpOM rf Inquiring whether In Mr.
RorkhJll'K opinion Kussia would withdraw
from I'eking.
As Mr. OockhUI did not requ*-=t the cor
respondent to r'fr.-fln from publishing his
rfewi as expre»ed durir.j? th° conver?a
tlon the oorrci-ponr'.ont thought he desired
tr have thotn ir.ar^e known.
DIRT AND NEGLECT
AT IMPERIAL PALACE
fchar.£!;ai is full of conflicting rumors re
garding the movements of Li Hun?
<;har.g. It is asserted that Marquis Tseng
and thirty ofQdala remaining in Peking
have appealed to Li Hung Chang to re
pair immediately t-» the capital to save
thr situation. s:r.< e Dobody is there to as
fume authority. Prince <"hine: being de
tained in the province of Shensi by illness.
Chang Chi T.;r.?. the Wuchang Viceroy,
has telejrraph<-<] p.n urgent appeal to the
British Consul at Sh.ir.ghai urging Orpat
Uritain to institute peace negotiations. He
emphasizes the m.-fpniiude ofBritish tra.ie
Interests and refers to the activity of the
Ferret societies and th* decline of trade,
citing thpse as vital reasons why England
phould take the l»-ad iKr!<;ud of. "as in 1SCU
allowing Russia to usurp power and pree
t;r;«>. His final ground and appeal is that
Great P.ritain. the United States and
Japan have shown anxiety to promote
commerce and to befriend China, and he
implore** these three powers t-> appoint
VlrnipotentiarVs authorized to open peace
negotiations with U Hung Chang.
COMMISSIONER ROCKHILL
DENIES THE INTERVIEW
I. n NDON. Sept. 7. 3:30 a. m. — Germany's
polite refusal to withdraw from Peking
is rmncnted upon with keen satisfaction
in London, and the hope is expressed that
l,<-, r ,i Salisbury will show similar firmness.
The British reply has not yet been form
ulated. I»rd Salisbury desires to consult
with his colleagues, and baa notified the
Foreign Office of his intention to return
to lysr.don from the Continent early next
we. k. There !s little doubt, however, that
Germany's reply is the outcome of the
dipous^ion carried on during the last few
days between the European Cabinets, and
that the compromise policy of maintaining
the occupation of the capital but wlth
arawinK the grr-at<=>r part of the troops to
Tientsin will l>e found to have met with
v '. era! concert enoc
From Sh.inchni it is rumored that Japan
has sicnij-erl her willingness to withdraw
h< r troops provided an adequate guard is
l*-ft for :he legations and on condition
That China formally requests evacuation
and opena genuine nepotiations for p*ace.
Altogether appearances are more hopeful,
and it is likely that whfn Field Marshal
von fVaklersee arrives a fortnight hence
et Takn be will tind the allies agreed upon
tump common policy.
APPEALS TO EARL LI
TO SAVE SITUATION
Spcclal Cable to Th« Call and New York Her
aM. Copjrleht. IM, by the Herald Pub
lishing Corarany.
HONGKONG. Sept. P.— The Chamber of
Commerce and China Association are
telegraphing strong protest* against th«
withdrawal of troops fiom Peking till a
proper government has been established
They urge that withdrawal would be disl
astrous to foreign prestige throughout
China.
Alarm is manifested among reputable
WASHINGTON'. Sept. 6.-The Japanese
legation was Informed to-day by tele
not* against native Cfartotlaa? In rha'i
chow and Lung Chi have assumed serlou^
proportions. Xhe citj gates !,, six a u
joining districts have been completely
closed and Yung, taotai of the ioealit-
having been disgraced on th« ground of
unpopularity. lu,s been succeeded bv
Chen taotai of Atnoy. who will proceed
to Cfcangchow as soon as the present
troubles at Amoy are settled. *=*^"-
STRONG PROTESTS
AGAINST WITHDRAWAL
RIOTS HAVE ASSUMED
SERIOUS PROPORTIONS
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.— The State De
partment made the following 1 announce
ment to-day: "A telegram has been re- i
ceivcd from Minister Conner dated Pc- !
king. September 1. stating that a mili
tary parade passed through the imperial
palace on that date and that eunuchs
and servants were the only occupants."'
The War Department received the fol- •
lowing:
TAKU. China (no datf). — Adjutant General
Washington: F»>kinp. Sept. 2S.— The officers
ami frvi.iiers of the <"hina relief expedition send
thark* to the President and Secretary of War
for congratulation. Formal entry of the palace •
Erounda made to-day at t> o'clock, salute cf
I wen 17 -one guns b»»ing: fired at tho south and
n .rth grate*. Troops of all nations participated j
th* rnited States by a battalion 350 Ftrong.
composed of nfta'.J? from each organization
I re*ent at taking of city. Falace vacant with
exception of at>ut 200 servants. GeneraJ Barry !
:a;!fd f., r Manila to-day. Oanish cable. Shan*- j
hat to Taku. open for business; connect with j
our wire. CHAFFEB. ¦
, T^"* ar Department also received the I
following cablegram from General Barry: •
TAKC. TTiina mo date). — Adjutant General !
nasblngton: AH quiet Peking. Supplies!
promptly unloaded, forwarded when disposi
tion* determined. All Furplien received; troop? I
camronabte wir.ter. No communication Chi- i
ncsv off.. la'.R after Aueu*t th. James II. 1VI1- |
i? 1 }' «»"ira'ller General of volunteers, Roes
I ™>£? to-nlKht. RockhIR nt Shanghai. Tele- i
Frapnie communication PekinR and TlenUlri !
¦ac Fx'.r.:nif h<-at ended. All conditions sat
is, actory. <.,o NasnsukI to-morrow; take first
trar.f;..,rt Manila. BARKY.
General Barry goes to Manila to assume
2tfflfe:?f c^ cf of staff to Ger - eraI
CONGER REPORTS ON
THE PALACE PARADE
neglect." No treasures, he adds, were
observed. The report now is that the Km
press Dowager fled from Peking during
the morning of August 15.
Captain Pohl under date of August 31
sayu: "The Second Marine Battalion has
, arrived here. After handing over the
i command to Major General Hoeppner I
I will march to Tientsin with the landing
j force, which is much in need of rest. Com
• paniea of sesxnen will be posted at the
] halting places to protect the water and
I communications."
' The German admiral further reports
! that the allied forces landed at Taku up
i to August 25 were as follows: Germans—
Officers Ul. men 3J50. guns 6. horses 654-
I Americans— Officers isi. men 5427 guns 17
! horses 1233; British-Officers 21S. men 67-tf'
: K-ns 2o. horses 1S97; French— Officers 192,'
! men 51S.fi. pruns .7T, horses 570; itaJian—Of
ficers 26. m»n 552. puns 1. horses 10; Aus
| trians-Offlcers 16. men 272. guns 2. horses
I 80. The details of the Russian and Japa
nese forces landed were not availuflie
! when the dispatch was sent.
j A dispatch received in Berlin from
Shanghai under current date says that
I two companies of Germans landed to-day,
were received by a French guard of honor
rnd a band of music and marched through
the foreign concessions to their quarters.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON' HOTEL. "WASHINGTON, Sept. R— France Is
the only nation that has thus far accepted without reserve Russia's pro
posal to withdraw from Peking. It is believed Japan will adopt the position
assumed by the United States. Great Britain's reply has not yet been made,
but the unofficial information received at the State Department' indicates that
phe views the situation in much the same light as does this Government. Ger
mir.y's reply, as announced this morning, declares her intention to remain, and
h<>r answer is identical with that made by Italy and Austria. With indications.
therefore, pointing to the unanimous desire of all the powers, with the exception.
of Russia and France, to remain in Peking, the administration is piving con
sideration to the next stpp that shall be taken. In fact, what is believed to be
a Cabinet meetinp was held to-night at the Couniry Club in a suburb of Washing
ton. Having taken the l*»ad from the outset to the entire satisfaction of all tha
Powers, it is considered good politics to he prepared to art immediately after
Japan, which will be the tinal power to make a reply to Russia. The dominant
feature cf the forthcoming note of this Government will be the necessity of
comj-i— te harmony of action by the powers.
A hiph official said to-day that harmony is more important than any
specific line of action that shall be adrpted. It is not intended to withdraw
from Peking, but Russia's views are to be met half way. That is to say, the
proposal will he considered— and, in fact, it is hinted that a suggestion to the
same effect was embodied in the reply cf Germany— that each power reduce its
force in Peking to a limited number <jf men. the rest of the troops to be with
drawn to Tientsin. The Ministers can Rlso return to Tientsin, if it is considered
desirable, and open negotiations with the Chinese Government from that point.
The American proposition will therefore be a compromise and the authorities
ar*> hopeful thai it will suit Russia, which desires to entirely withdraw, and
Germany, which dr.*»s not propose to retire. In anti-German circles apprehen
sion has been expressed that the arrival of Count von Waldersee. with 211,00)
men at Peking:, would mean permanent occupation of the Chinese capital. By
UznitiriK the number of men to represent each nation, there will be no cause for
sjrj; apprehension.
AMERICA WILL MAKE A
COMPROMISE PROPOSITION
PEKING (date missing), via Tientsin, Au? 26;
Chefu, Sept. 3, and Shanghai, Sept 5.— Overtures to
ward peace negotiations with the a -lied Ministers have
been made by a few mandarins, but there is no prince
among them. The allied forces are hesitating to enter
the palace, fearing for the pre tige of the Chinese
Government, and that if the building were destroyed
and burned the government of the whole of Ch na
would fall on the powers, rendering partition inev
itable. This delay is encouraging the Boxers, who
have murdered two French soldiers in tie center cf
Peking.
Special Cable to The Call and New Y ork Herald. Copyright. 1900, by the
Herald Publishing Company.
BY JOHN F=\ BASS.
France the Only Nation That Accepts Rus
sia's Plan of Withdrawal, and America
Will Now Propose a Compromise.
Delay of Powers in Entering the Imperial
Palace Encouraged Boxers to Murder
Two French Soldiers at Peking.
PEACE OVERTURES
MADE BY MANDARINS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1900.
DIED.
RIOItDAN— In- this city, September 7, 1900.
entered Into rest, at the age of 75 years. John
H. UlonJan, father of, Thomas D. t Joseph and
Minnie Riordan and Mrs. W. W. Sanderson.
(^Notice of funeral services to-morrow.
VIENNA, Sept. fi.— The boiler of the
Danublan steamer Negotin exploded near
Kladovo to-day and the captain and
twelve of the crew perished.
Killed by a Boiler Explosion.
fessed that his band held up the Colorado
and Southern passenger train at Folsom,
N. M., on September 3, 1ST»7. and July 11,
1S99, each time blowing open and rifling
the express safe. A few days after the
second robbery Samuel Ketchum received
a wound from which he died In a fight
with a Sheriff's posse. Sheriff Farr of
Walsenburg. Colo., and a resident of Cim
arron, X. M.,'were killed.
On the night of August 18 Tom Ketchum
single-handed, held up the same train at
almost the identical spot of the two
former robberies. Mall Clerk Bartlett was
shot by Ketchum. Conductor Harrington
shot Ketchum in the right arm.
General Hare Will Resign.
DALLAS, Tex., Sept. 6.— Brigadier Gen
eral Luther W. Hare has written to
friends, under date of Cavite, July 29, that
he will resign from the army as soon as
the Philippine trouble is ended.
Notorious Train Robber Arraigned in
a New Mexican Court.
CIjAYTOX. X. M.. Sept. 6.— The trial of
Thomas Ketchum, known as "Black
Jack," charged with train robbery, was
begun to-day in the Territorial court be
fore Chief Justice ilills. Ketchum has con-
5
"Valda," the sensational
story of court life at Peking,
begins in next Sunday's Call,
September 9. •
THE EMPOBITJM. i THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
fir ¦ .j. 3»»s»»>j»«^
5? We are closing out our stock of Ladies' "Stuttgarter" Sanitary Wool Underwear at ons-aitarter off regular prices. 5
|: Native Sons and Daughters. \§ale of Immense Purchase ofi
i The big store has made special preparations for the comfort and con- . DreSS Trimmings, j
| yenience of yourself and friends during the Semi-Centennial Celebration. /^'^^%\W%I^^ To open the Dres, Trimmia? Season to-day w, o ff,r at from
K In tdditnn to our lnxnrioBsy appointed parlors and I observation galleri93 : . a l»r*e n»et or /jfff JplMlM<& C^W\ j or.e-third to one-ha'f of ,h-ir regular vrj u-s a very lar^e X
» and resting room has been arranged on the second fl>qr. There yju wul find free writing iB \ : %'wA[ JjX^™' 2 *^ '6) JW/ quantity of the ficts; D-e*3 T;ramin-; tha' cm bJ produced. <*
H miterial. the San Francisco newspapers and the rewspapera from your own home, maga- M '%£^/&?^-^ Tne }ot consi«t* of Bo ero<. Beaded Y>ke.« Brail Yokes, «
V zines. etc. There will be plenty of comfortable chairs, wr.ting tabei. etc/ A well- WL §£*$*' lii^-^^, r^^^^W^^^S^ Bodice*. Collars. Motifs and a large line of fine e^od* b* tha S
*• appointed! Cafe serves meals dany from 8 a. m. to 6 p m and until 10:30 Saturday *'V? pJMl^ W^^7 tiLW^' yard ' We cleaaed n P « h^ ¦¦* entire stock at a specia' low -J
j? n-eht. There i« a chec!<in.? room where your rarcels a D d hand bag-age cin be left in N )W(tiLM9Y/ f rice ' and the g 00 * 5 a " »© h * to yon at the ?ame ' a tio— H
A safety. An ir format kn Buresu, Children':', Nursery, hmer^ency II .-nit;i!, Te!erhon?s, /¦<$¥&$. H Iff/ " *10 trimrr.irg for $5.00, §7.50 kind for $3.75. $3 X
*, Te'epri-, h Stat on and P.stcffbe n tho store. Mike free US3 of The Emporium and its /rSy'^^V H^T ~a// I noTeltie3 for $2.5O etc., etc'. * •*
j,» ponv«nienc»s and'c nsider yoi:r»eif heartily w»!com?. /i'^'4*T I d^^ ? . -
| P ho£* aiuS^lahots, ' Decorations. wi^C U & !T,.. il11ff o!f Fine \@l*&&t Ov&B*GOat Sale. |
E 5, 00 •",-?' o« i ; i " F -»-V n ""? 10dMi f"v M^ l\ \1» nillinery, Furs, | Hmin^ or hl , i8omj , u r<!><^ *
W%&SIS&&i S$«J SS^gli^lMpS) \\f% Cloak*. Dresses., UsSSSir W®^ 5
¦5 \ N t *- r^^ ' Tjff^ta Rib ynH 4 C I \ ffTiglKling aOO La= several styes of Owrcoata x^?V Hjj^M '*
I •« V -^V3 ssiiiipiiisj m \* >Tai i°^?*I or - JfxzMi
* IN the rich pastel color- Other Tisane Paner Stars r / W SlOd WHOtef reduction from who csale I /V V V ifS $1 «
£ >R\V !ne fo- Millinery or .75c, $t 75 and $3 SO [S ' V Wear- = -= price? and row offer: t u\lJ\liMp 5
» S;rfj\ N;ck Rbbon-to-day, N. S. G. W. Tissue Paper Bears 73o Mi • "SASft^^. " ~ $15.00, *17.50 and $20.00 BIuo [,3 M I Ml 1 "(35 *
** t*T\ 1 per yard **,** Tissue Wo come Signs 35c Iff <WfW and B:ack Kerseys. Meltons I IJVC^ «
% ¥±J O*>C N. S. G. W. Parasols, (ach 15c I III / I f.V.V Friday, i" September 7tSf I ani R.ngh «ff *;c LI Jry > 3
.V * 200 rf the latest Si k Flags, handsome, each... 25c It If] / \ V\ Saturday, September 8th ' | Cheviot3 vlliOO V> «
*; style R:bh.. :i j.botQ. msde in four-in-hand Am rran F.ags, mu?!in, all s z-?. H. 7 .-n. /(Ml / ' 1, )\ • j §25.00, $3).0'"> an-1 -S35.IJ0 B ue. -^ > J
or "twice-crouni eff rti. two yard* in each from •• 2c to $3.23 | *-^-^s>/ Ji^./^S/ B!ack and Brown Kerseys, Oxford Vicunas and Black Thibets, •« ¦
\tl bow, ail ricti cjloringr ai'e **** Buntinette F sgs, mounted oa giit-top - 1 — ¦ • the same coats that your tailor wou d charge ,<*««« *+— «
\K price tc-day. eah 3&G P^^ 20c, 23o, SOo and 75c ?35 to $50 for, now on sa'e at $fOi05
If o/jfllaf^StSa SpeGtel §£>§& of Imported Flannels. , M f"l s " d '^ fs3 d c - I
I 2t MJtZ,iSOnxir m Jf <&Z»**tf9j* jinn •%£,-.* sum r « «*•» \» * w- e a- r* * m~m m ** , -w r* A large handkerchief dealer closed ont to .«
j J. any-»jw»w We have reenred a few *3,4OU Yards (Nearly 8 Miles) of Erg Ish Domst Flannel On Sale To-Day, ns all of hia cambric handkerchief, at S
X liundr^d more of the g.'nu- SaiUrJtay and TuBSttay at AbOUt Half Price* !es3 tha:i ha f regular prices. To-diy and ?
i * M stlndfrd" D-cSon-Sr.* 1 a This f the^ osfc f traordinary value in imported flannel, ever offered in S in Francisco. They are crisp 1^^^^^^'^^^ |
sr h :'M^?\: prici'soTabsord y low that irom the makers; heavy, substantial weaves in pleasing color effects:, imported to sell at 20c a border, at the very special price, ff £
£ 10' ' : fa^r^T 5 Wi are enabled t0 P. lace yard, a good bargain at 18c, a value that cannot be duplicated in the United States at our < § < fH^% each ioG .«
I m Wm ™$$ -- hree davs> P3dai pdce per yard Men's Shirts 59c. I
I S^mMm l£^ c^L^ 75c Plaques 33c. Sale of Novelty Veiour Squares n» balance of a |
j: (75.000 n,or, than any other dictionary A s?lendid a930rt . Belt BlSGklZS. at Half PHCC V^ erV sVasonToatrnt^f S
$ e !"XlV,n U ttyblS\VY^ m ?-\° f Ch T j^^^K 3 *i 10 ° 0f^tfftWW^ These were such a bi ? bargain that wa ii&^L F ™J Stiff - Bosom 2
i ?t SSL^ISS fiS4 tZJo^^^^^m *<«" 150 ° of th.» from the mann- Mk Shirts with ,eparate |
S Hshe^'s price ? 12.75 P our everyday cut K c^" «. g^^^ & A ££^*£8&&&3> factnrer; figured Velonr and Velvet SS te° pa t^fS 1
tf price 511.70; .peel .^-pric^whjh strong meta «. in French grey, oxidiz.i an i si ver Fquare-, in some of tha ehoi-e.t. pref /fffliM m\ SlSSgJj" Se SS £
£ quantity lasts is>iP»^P>O' plaques. 1 G M§&' 5 ' ' '/nr H^V finUh, warn nted not to tarnish; they tiest patterns ever fhown for cushion \£%/'-\\ \\\ h\\ ferent styles. and •*
fe* irc'jes in diama tf , 4/ are the very latest European novelty, covers, chair seats and backa, head >f.||« '- r \yffijy made to retail for %
£ -, i; _ _ tf r > Wlth g" ld ani bought in the rfgu'ar way would re*t?, etc.; each piece in about 24 I lttfei>*^%/ $1.00 to $1.25 each. %
$ S$3@C12&I odfC rims and rin g 3 hive to be sold from 75j to $1.59 inches square and so'd in ths regular i\v\J\^C a 8a ' 9 to - da 7 aa(^ 5
U B *, grc*Psir**rf*^el f25&VS9**t2 t0 han^ them u f > > re .' u ar J' r*"*^ each > the bi S store'o special ' way wou d have to ba 50c each; %pm M/ \\ Saturday _. -» 5
ST E-3 r&KHGiafU **g5$*ar-S» 75c eac h,onsp^ciai sale to-day &<§G pr ce to-day &OC th- bi- store's price to-day 25C *" ( * . 39C'x
I 4 tor 25c* — "' §
| M$^0i^Tl^ foa . . Pino Furniture and Gar pets Ch&ssp. ¦ Sf £>J>lf' 5 f ° a J?f£' 5 *
I a* f^r 2 c, the big store offer* There's a big saving over ordinary price? in every item quoted below, and these are only half a dozen «J««?JII?fS WOW &£•**&* jt
i*" on 0m at°h^f iI rL andSatUrJay SSO samples of hundreds of equally as good items: * 3:0 siik-!injd Sample Jack- I«
| J[ ° ny at * pr ' ce j^S?^ Largo Rattan Rocker — With ____^ Round Extension Table— ets, a great many kinds, y^ 3«
! *" S&$(2 Of HzS'WilantS rr$r^3 fu ' 1 rcl1 curva seat> hi S h back and a pla : n tut handsome and substantial one, two and three and .J^uL "5
iftf insJ»n**Jl*:***Z WMM !" 3Ce / r^ on s , ale FrHa y ™* (-'-*- looking round-top dinirg table with 5 ia 8ome ea-e* five of a *
\b> BJttSnCt* deiSt rtgfci-^l Saturday at the very low g^ t % t- n K^ --- leaves, eo id oak. go aen finish, on ... .. o - . , 5
IS* Our buyer saved cbiut a third on the who'e- P rice $& ' 5 ** >^^^^^T special sale Friday and o# « kind, more than 2o styles fg*
Sf eae cost of t •>'<«• perfect, gemine Havi- pO)>M\M^k . ilW**l^~°^ I Satur - a 7 &iU»&U to pick from; these are S
i af w— "2^*=^^ w^2^*2- -»rA // Turkish Couch — Made np in a l<| r] I'll \\ \M ivr-»###r#»c«r««. v;n*.A ;*k 9 k<> all new, fresh goods, and /'^^t^^N «5
»l J^^^^ 1^^)^ bcautifu; assort of Persian v^rs, |p| | |^£^KBS5^^$ -Id in tha regular wa 7 fj^\\ S
U: /^^'^^$SSZ^^>^ #^-~^ rfcjr ____^^^< U*-^ S^- bette- made, covered with A. C. A. would be marked $10. bCi hi \ J
' »? VtL~*** 8^ edge all arouud. golden oak /P^^^^^^^y^\ ~*~^ or Ai ___— -=£~£>s. J12 and $15; we make l/Yf m U) I {5
S 4^^^ frarae.upholstfr-'d with hair, SgWs^S^^ZCSW ticking, mad? in one or two <^^g^%^^>^ them a great special of. / )> •%J / %
I % vTMl^T\>^Sl-J :^S&^ th ' 8 week ' 3 v ° rv sn^ ql *W?^ "^ *~*~ T * -1 *^3 part8f advert!Sed b - v dea ers a3 faring for to-da 7 (Fri- '///fer-WL/ 5
I P" C « SW.75 -^W^ a bSrgaH &t J^-^^ dav) Z and to-morrow 'j^^^U:;
jj -^ - -¦— — —^ OthVra'as'owVi $7.50 **^ • P lic3 $lO,75 \Satwhp »....S7.45 \^^J$ *
!* Ii^?iiS ?r e \ S f ts 'ii d t0 ' day w .t An Extraordinary Bargain In All- Wool Smyrna Rugs-12 different pattern?, all of s * cond oor Frcnt - * ' :,
»» offer a. complete fet for 12 persons, all ,, ¦ -'.,,, * ¦, ¦%*¦%• in ~ * . ,-.« nn- t i i i M at-zomwrn *%*»£** f*m •*
\'tf large fize pieces, dainliy d-corated in them reversible, handsome medallion and all-over effects, size 60x30 inches, handsomely rf»tf 7^% *.it]UUr &peGiaiSm .%
X Hue flowers with go'd traced handles, fringed *on both ends, a very large special purchase on sale now and while they last, each * *7 Harper's Whiskey— Rye or Bourbon. %
*. regular v |41.55 per sft, ,-bi <r-» >?» *» v- -mm «>*>¦> - r *+ *•,-,• 8 years old; this i* the whiskev that took JK
% for : :. &2B.4O Our carpet buyer gssckerl up some splendid bargains in Carpets during his t h» first medal at p«« Exposition of -J
I ar The ssnn set for 6 persons, regular^ rftcent Eastern trip. The four lines quoted below cannot be duplicated in the We3t at these prices: 195"; cur regular price $1.ij0 __, %
: J. $25.00. on sale to-d y and - n $1.25 Axminstci* Garnet*, well selected styles 75o Ingrain Carpet, stricfy all-wool, extra heavy JJ"' bo " ! *» £****~ 75C Ij
, & Saturday * ••*«' and colorings, special on Mor.day aod during week, g^L handsome designs and coloring?; on eoecial sale to- ~ n Claret— 6 years old; our reg- •§
tf r- 7J~ ~*~T~ JF vervarA 95C morrow and during the weak, per yard GUC _« ! »'_J | BC P" gallon qua ny; tod*7...59o S
X Friday Safe Of Tapestry Brussels Carpels, the 65c and 33c The Best >apa > alley Zinfrndel- X
Pff^e grade, in all of the standard make-*; special to-morrow and lowctl and Y/hiialt's Body Brussels, beiui Uaret, 5>pec.al old bottling, lo-dav 5 full -J
g Umitcf S oLor,h to a customer. ' C &&G that are not 8hoWn el3ewhere ' P er *** 9* 'IP jj
fc: L-af Lard-The bs^t, in 3, 5 and 10 lb The beantifilI , ifo , lze fae bJ gtore , s UOISffO GaitCS 29Cm J
f Royal Baking Powder- i-i'btins'39o MarblQ Statue, M §SmWT WWwW^^WijLffl M U^^i^^mmoth FaU and styS Walkin/s^cks a°afp?ciaf prke! ?
| "California Venus" i||p, ««jl ** V |OT Winter Catalogue ™Z^^l^^\™^L *
J- Pcar-inc— 1-b pkg?. to-day 3 for.... 2SC On Free Exhibition in our p«»^ ggOlfflCW ttC-MHC HSS%^S% SAS", ont next week. Send proper cane for the well dressed 0% ' f% *
*>' Post um Cereal— Large ?iz3 ybg....19c Attraction Hill. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE address for frea copy. man; on special sale to-day only. 29C J
I Ask Your Grocer!
3 for the only Sterilized H
I Vegetable'Fat in the E
I Soda Biscuits are |
3 wonderfully light Ij
| when made with |
I "Ko-Niit" I
I India Refining Co. I
»q Philadelphia. Pa. S
§V1M, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over nfty
years by the leaders of th*
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
¦worst cases In oil and young
arisins from eCects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
c!garette-smok;njr. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. N1;iM Loswni, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. EvlJ Desir^n. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unntness to Mar-
ry, Leas of Semen, f» Varlcocele or Con-
nipatlon. Stops ne *^ II rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects il^^r^a r e Immediate.
Impart vlffor anaCS"'" potency to every
band. .Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; Cue a
box: ( for 12 ,".f> by mail. A written guarantee to
cure or meney refunded with « boxes. Circular*
free. Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. ?> EUt»
•t.. San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUO CO..
SS &nd 40 Third st.
£visr» OR- JORDAN'S srcat^
OF ANATOMY?
T The L*rK«*t Anatondcml Museum hi the \
3» $Blfl3i «Sime«*e pr*itlvrl7c«r*rf»yT&eoMeu ?
ft- ffg vj| bpsuiJiitrat-VCMM. Est^yMit -3
d $&f 1 CiU'ORflJW-PSIYATE DISEASES 4
J9 £ lS>>i O fn rat»» i,rr\oru!ly cr bv letter. A M
W a T aQ /*a* 119* Cvre i;i eTery case untlrrta* *n. \
a » f life* w Me k Book. i>BiLossrnYf r i
V i j] jl « KinnMbi:, maiud kjs. ?a f
A n JL rajuabla book for n«-:;> \
N. S. C7 W.
I EMBLEMATIC CARDS 75c per 100, g
For Sale at 504 Post St., 1
Around the corner from N. S. O. W. 3
build In. flCALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
THE BIG BASIN REDWOODS.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE FIGHT FOR THE HOUSE.
ANSWEES TO CORRESPONDENTS
THE SOLACE-P., Elcho, New The
hospital ship Sulace was at Nagasaki
August 13 and Is expected at this port «»t
any time within the nt-xt ei«;ht days.
ROCK DRILLING— J. A. L., Suttet
Creek. Cal. During the Admission daj
celebration festivities in San Francisoc
there will not be any rock drilling contest
for miners, or others.
NATURALIZATION - A.. Greenwood
Cal. If your father became a citizen oi
the United States In 1S69 and you came K
the United States one ytar later and have
resided In the United States ever sine*
your case Is governed by the following
sections of the United States naturaliza
tion laws:
Children of naturalized citizens^ — Thf
children of persons who have been duly
naturalized, being under the age of t]
years at the time of the naturalization
of their parents, shall, if dwelling in th<
United States, be considered as citizen*
thereof.
Citizens' children who are born abroad-
The children of persons who now are
or have been citizens of the United State<
are. though born out of the limits arnj
jurisdiction of the United States, con
sidered as citizens thereof.
Among the departures yesterday were
the Mail steamer China for the Orient
and the Kosmos liner Tanls for Ham
burg via Central and South American'
ports. In both instances the vessels had
to refuse cargo. The China, however,
carried a big crowd of passengers, while
the Tanus was not overburdened with
people bound for Kurope.
The China took away 116 cabin passen
gers and over a million In treasure. Many
of the cabin passengers are bound for
Honolulu, while the treasure is all for
China. Every cent of it will go into the
Hongkong banks, and John Bull will thus
get the full br-noiit cf Uncle Sam's gold.
Chief Engineer Ferguson of the China
lias gone East to superintend the building
of the engines for the new liner now on
the ways at Newport News for the Paci
fic Mail. His place was taken on the Mail
boat by Fred Hellant of the Peru.
The cargo of the Tanis was the most
varied ever taken out of San Francisco
for a voyage around the world. She car
ried wines for Central America, concen
trates for AntofoKasta, canned goods for
Chile and IVru and tallow, wine and oil
for Oormany, Franco and England. The
Tanis could not carry all the fnight of
fering, and another vessel has been put
on the berth to sail the latter part of the
month in order to handle the surplus
Among the Transports.
There was some trouble on the German
transport Samoa yesterday. The ve«=se!
is bring got ready to load horses and a
number of the striking millmen were put
to work at reduced wages. The Sh!p
Joinery" Association made a vigorous pro
test and laid the matter before the Ris-
Oon Iron Works, which has the contract
for the work. The iron works people raw
the reasonableness of the demand and
agreed to pay the extra wage. This docs
the ship joiners no good, as the striking
millmen hold the fort at $4 a day, w^ile
the ship joiners are nut of work and
grumbling. Nothing but union mill work
will be accepted on the Samoa.
The German steamer Eva arrived yes
terday from Kobe. Japan. She was to
have gone to Vancouver, B. C. to load
coal for Kiaocliau.but was diverted to this
port at the last moment. It now depends
upon the situation in China whether the
Eva koor to British Columbia or will load
horses and supplies here for the German
Government.
The United States transport Thomas will
dock at Folsovn street to-day and begin
loading for Manila. She sails on the luth
inst. The Westminster will get away this
morning with a full cargo of supplies, anu
the Thomas will take her place on the
north side of Folsom.
Water Front Notes.
ThP new barkentine Hawaii, built at
Dumbarton. Scotland, for Hind. Rolph &
Co.. sailed from the Clyde for Newcastle,
X. S. "\\\, yesterday. From Australia the
Hawaii will go to Valparaiso, where she
will be put under the Chilean flag. She
will then load nitrates for San Francisco,
and on arrival htre will receive her house
llapr.
The barkentine John Palmer was
launched at Eureka yesterday. This vessel
Is the largest over built of wood on the
coast. Phe Is 22? feet long, 42 feet beam
and IS feet deep, and will carry 1,400.00.)
fret of lumber. She -was built by Bendlx
en for Sudden & Christiansen of this city.
All in all durinr the past three months
over thirty vessels have been added to the
coast fleet.
Captain Foaen goes out as master of the
steamer Rival, Captain Johnson retiring.
THE report of the Civil Service Commission for
the fir>t six months of its existence, which was
filed with the Mayor about a month ago, gives j
u< an interesting sumpfe of the growth so far of the j
:r.erit system of appointment to onice in this virgin !
soil. The salaries oi the Commissioners during the
period covered by the report amounted to $1800; that
of the chief examiner totaled $uoo, that of the clerk
$<>oo. and that of the stenographer $^75. The sta
tionery torn up by the commission and its employes
cost $671 9^. land the miscellaneous expenses
amounted to $192 15. So the total expenses of the
body for the fir;~t six months of its existence were |
$±$?T) 07.
The results achieved through this expenditure !
were as follows: Copyists appointed. 36; sewer
cleaners, 14; c Jcnog r aphers. 5; court stenographers,
4: ordinary clerks, oj?. Total. 151. Thirty-nine la
borers were appointed, but they were not examined.
having been selected lioin a list prepared by the com
mission in the order of registration.
At the rate of expenditure for the first six months
of its existence the Civil Service Commission will
cost the taxpayers about $9000 a year. The number
of appointments made to date will probably never be
exceeded in any year after all the municipal offices
have been filled with eligibles, since the duty of the
commission will then be merely to examine and cer
tify for vacancies. Since few office-holders die and
none resign, this duty can never be onerou<; nor irk
some. If the merit system established by the charter
is sufficiently strong to defeat the efforts of the poli
ticians to create vacancies, probably there will not be
twenty places a year to fill from the eligible lists.
The sole question tc be resolved by the taxpa3'ers,
therefore, is whether or not they desire to pay $9000
a year for the examination of applicants for municipal
office according to a system by which fitness is sup
posed to be ascertained and registered.
It must be admitted that «o far the commission has
not proved a howling success. One of its member?
:s openiy practicing politics with the power conferred
by the charter, and i:nother does not seem to care
what becomes oi the ment system so long as it do?s
tict bother him. But perhaps the reform has not
bctn tested sufficiently to justify passing judgment
upon it. In other states it has shown practical re
sults, and nationally it has cured manv patronage
abuses. In this city up to date it has given rise to
nothing except deep-laid plans to circun.vent and de
feat it. Th?« may indicate that the civil service soil
here is too new 10 be cultivated, or it may indicat;
that our politicians are wiser than they look.
One thing, however, may be set down as abso
lutely certain — the Civil Service Commission mu-c
ultimately yield resul'.s or suffer annihilation. In this
State the srenins of the commonwealth is against
r.bo:i>-hing ofTices. but it" is safe to say that the mo
ment public opinion manifests its opposition to this
commission the body will go bv the board. Our
politicians will never consent to the continuance of
a tax-catins? bureau so full of terror and menace as
the Civil Service Commission when it becomes ap
parent that the people desire it abolished.
There are two point* about. the present commission
which are not escaping observation. Probably as we
go along one of them will become more conspicuous.
There is no reason why Phelan Democrats should
stand high in all the examinations and secure the
offices in preference to other kinds of Democrats.
Nor is there any reason why colorless appointments
should be made in cues where the arithmetic, geog
raphy and penmanship prescribed have baffled the
Phelan Democrats. We do not say the results so izr
justify this criticism, but there are a large number of
Phelan Democrats ,in all the offices, and the public
v.-ill ti-ntch their fate with interest, especially the fate
of tho«ic rejected by the Mayor to draw salaries tindc.r
the Board of Public Works.
The other point is that the Mayor is always master
of the" commission. Not only may he remove the
members at any time for cause, but ererv Mavor
hereafter tr. be elected will, during his term, get con
trol of the body by appointment, should he not pos
sejs sufficient nerve to dismiss the entire body imme
diately after taking office. Under all these facts, cir
cumstances <and tendencies it must be said that a
thorny road lies before civil service reform in San
Francisco. If any other good comes out of it save
the distribution annually among needy politicians of
$0000 we shall be .surprised, and shall Hasten to record
the fact and rejoice exceedingly.
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM
Shortly after noon yesterday the gras3
just north of the golf links on the Pre
sidio reservation was found to be on tire.
An alarm was sounded and the newly or
ganized fire corps at the Presidio was
called out. Hundreds of soldiers answered
the summons, armed with sacks and old
blankets, and so vigorously did they at
tack the flames that the fire was soon un
der control, but not until it had spread
over two acres of ground and consumed
about fifty tine trees. The soldier liremen
under the leadership of Captain CaliS
showed exceptional skill in buttling with
the Humes; though they were greatly
handicapped by the primitive methods
they were compelled to use. Colonel
Rawles-has repeatedly a.«ked that the res
ervation be allowed a modern fire-fiijhung
apparatus, but has not been able to s<"eur<
tne consent of the department. In conse
quence the men are compelled to right
i;re with anything at. hand.
The volunteers at the Presidio are to be
discharged fri.m the service, an order to
this eflect having been received yester
day. There are at present a.s»j convales
cent volunteers located at the Presidio,
Fort Mason and the post and general hos
pitals who will receive thtir discharges
by reason of this order. They will be sub
jected to a strict physical examination
and a cartful record made of their condi
tion, so that any future claims for pen
sions can be justly dealt with. This move
evidently means that the volunteer regi
ments will soon be returned and mustered
out.
A double quartet from the Bohemian
Club will entertain the sick soldiers in
the mess hall of the general hospital this
evening. The soldiers are very grateful
for attentions shown them and sp.-ak in
the warmest terms of the offer of the
club.
L-ieuteant A. M. Davis and a guard of
twenty carefully selected men will ro to
Alaska on the Lawton next Tuesday. It
Is expected that fully 700 indigent miners
nt Nome will return to this country on
the transport.
Colonel James M. Marshal left yester
day for Hanford to purchase cavalry
horses. He is accompanied by two em
ployes of the quartermaster's department.
The jurisdiction of the Justices' Court
came into question in a suit brought by
"Jake" Kauer apainst C. L- Wi!s=on and
the Bank of Antioch. which v^as on trial
in Justice of the Peace Cook's court yts
teraay. The r-uit is really directed against
the Lank, but Wilson la made co-defend
ant, as he was one of Its depositors and
issued checks drawn on the bank after
his deposit had become exhausted.
Rauer's ?uit 5s for 52S1. There are tw.*
others pending, in which ex-Attorney Gen
eral W. II. Hart sues for $290 ana A. Clark
for t275.
The point raised by defendants' attorney
was that the several acts on which the
action is based took place in Antioch ami
that jurisdiction was vested In the courts
of Contra Ccsta County. The matter wa-i
submitted on briefs and Judge Cook wul
render a decision in a few days.
K. Ilarkir.son. cashier of the Bank of
Antioch, testified that Wilson * has no
money now on deposit in the bank. A:
one time Wilson was manager of the Cal
ifornia Power Company at Antioch and
had on deposit about £"X>. Against this ac
count. Ilarkir.son said, Wilson drew time
checks payable to the order of men em
ployed by the company until his deposit
became exhausted. Wilson then issue-l
new checks for the' amounts mentioned,
and these wore afterward assigned on
promissory notes to Kauer, Hart and
Clark.
Kauer testified that his claim had be°n
assigned to him by J. M. Macks. Jud?;^
Cook refused ti> allmv the question put to
Harkmson by W. S. Tinning, the bank's
attorney, b? t» whether the money orig
inally on deposit in the bank belonged to
Wilson or the California Power Company,
nor would the Judge allow the question if
Wilson bad authorized the money to be
paid out on time checks.
Harktnsoa alleges that a conspiracy hai
been entered into whereby it Is expected
to fleece the Bank of Antioch.
'•The llrst intimation I had that such a
fchem" was on fnot." said Harkinson
after the trial, "was when I received a
telephone message while stopping at the
Occidental Hotel in this city recently. The
menace was from an individual who in
formed me that thoro was a plan on foot
to "do up" the lank and for me to look
out. My informant said that he wa-i
asked to go in on the job. but he had re
fused. The money to be sued for was
split up in three checks. s=o as to hrins
the cases for trial In the Justices' Court,
as it wp.s believed judgment could not be
obtained in th<« Superior Court. Wilson
was made a. codefettdant as a blind. sinc»
I no contract existed between him and th«
! bank.
"It was on Wilson's express orders thnt
the money was paid nut. One day Wilson
came to me in great distress and told me
that tie had issued time checks to laborer.?
j employed by the company. He requested
! me to pay thorn out of the money or! dc
* posit to his credit, which was done. 1
learned later that these laborers fear!
; threatened him with bodily harm uniesb
j he paid their wages."
A PLEA FOR PLAYGROUNDS.
©fie -gg&il^ <&*IL
FR I DAY ............. SEPTEMBER^ >9W
. . - - ¦ . '¦ ¦ ¦
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Wdress Ml Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OjPyiCB
Pl/ULICATIOX OFFICE.. MnrUrt «nd Tbfcrd. S. F.
Telephone l*r*«a 201.
EDITOttlAL ROOMS 217 «© 221 Stereuoa St.
Telephone Vrrnn 202.
[ir'.lirrrii *t (iirrlrr". 1 1» Cenl« Per Week.
•Hn^lr (O|ilr«. O Crnti.
Trrma hy Mall. Inrlndlnc: Poatases
I1AIIT CAIX rtnefvo'iBC Sunday), cne year IJ-W
PAIL.T CAI>L, (iaelooiec PuMsy). e months S.no
r>A!LT CALL (including Bandar). S month* >-5»
DAIL.T CAMr-Ht UinKl* Month »o
KTNDAT CAI.T^ On«- Year J-*J
V/KKK.LT CALL One Year LW
All itoattoaBtrra are authorized to recelre
ralxorlpllon*.
harop!e crple* »rtli b« forwarded wbeo r»que»ted-
Mail «i:b<teri*>frs !n CTtterln* change cr address should b*
t-sr-lcular to five !»r.:h NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lc«ur« a prcir. j-t Hr.d correct compliance with tbeir iwpieat-
OAIiXAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
GEORGE C KROGNESS.
l/ana^er Fere gp Advertising. Marquette Building. Chicago.
«L>cns Otttacce Telephone "Central 2SH.">
NITW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
5TEPHEN 6. St/ITH 30 Tribune Bui'ding
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Hotel; A. Brect&na. SI Cnlon Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherrrmn Hcut*: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Hcuse; AuCltcrium HoteL
WASHINGTON <D. C.\ OFFICE Wellington Hotel
ifORlO'i t. CRANE. C3rrespoident.
NEWS FROM IHE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Steamers China for the Orien"
and Tanis for Europe
Depart.
SUGGEST AN INSCRIPTION
TOR THE PARK MUSIC STAND
FIRE DESTROYS
FIE TIMBER AT
THE PRESIDIO
Blaze Starts in Long Grass
and Spreads Over Two
Acres.
BRYAN AND FREE SILVER.
Cashier Harkinson Declares That a
Scheme Was Hatched by For
rnsr Depositor to Fleece
the Institution.
»
Antioch Bank Sued in This
City for Money Not on
Deposit. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1900.
6
BY reason of the volubility with which Bout well,
Cockran, Schurz, Wellington and other self
styled anti-imperialists have been asserting" that
Bryan if elected could not disturb the tariff or the
currency, that question has become something of a
momentous issue in the East. It is a strange issue to
be raised by intelligent men when Bryan's record is
considered, for if Bryan were not sincere when he
declared that if the jilver plank of the Chicago plat
form were not expressly repeated in the Kansas City
platform he would not accept the nomination, then
he is rot sincere in anything, and not to be trusted
on any issue whatever.
By reason of the popular interest in the question
the Ne.v York Herald a few days ago undertook to
yet an expression upon it direct from Bryan himself.
A correspondent of the Herald called upon Bryan and
asked whether if elected President he would make
payment in silver upon all Government bonds that
upon their face call for payment in coin without a
sj.ecific requirement for gold. To that question,
which went directly to the point at issue, the answer
was, "Say that Mr. Bryan declines to be interviewed
on that subject." Further questioning along the
rame line brought out the reply from Bryan: "I will
discuss that question in my own time and my own
way."
Here is a plain case of dodging an important issue
cf the time. The much lauded champion of silver re
fuses to tell the people frankly what he will do for
silver should he be elected. The object of the dodge
is of course to hold the free silver vote and also that
of the gold standard opponents of the administration.
The dodge, however, is by no means adroit. In fact,
it is about as clumsy as cowardly. '
Fortunately the country does not need to consult
Bryan at this late day to learn what he would do if
in office. He has made too many declarations on that
point for any doubt to exist concerning it. In a let
ter on the subject to Schurz, published yesterday,
Secretary Gage pointed out the power which Bryan
ns President would have to disturb the currency, and
then by way of proving what Bryan would do in office
quoted from a speech made by Bryan in 1806 this
statement: "If there i« any one who believes that the
gold standard is a good thing or that it mast be
maintained I warn him not to cast his vote for mi,
because I promise him it will not be maintained in
this country longer than I am able to get rid of it."
In a former letter upon the question Secretary
Gaee had said that if elected to the Presidency Bryan
could order his Secretary of the Treasury to make
payment in silver of all the public debt payable in coin
and for all current disbursements of the Government
as well, which amount from $1,500,000 to $1,750,000 a
day. That proposition Schurz had disputed, on the
ground that Congress would not permit him to do so.
Replying to that Secretary Gage says: "The proposi
tion that in ca c c of Mr. Bryan's election the present
Congressman tic his hands ?o that he cannot give
(.fleet to his expressed intention appears to me to be
fallacious. It would require new legislation by a
party whose policy would have been rejected by the
people through their last expression at the polls.
Further than this, the next session will expire by
operation of law on the 4th of March, 1901. The free
silver minority would be justified by their constitu
ents in using all the resources of dilatory procedure to
prevent such legislation, and against such tactics
affirmative legislation such as you suggest would be
probably impossible. Can any one doubt that Mr.
Bryan would urge action by his friends in Congress
to prevent the further strengthening of the policy
which he denounces as criminal?"
So the argument stands between Secretary Gage
and Mr. Schurz. In the meantime the public will
note that the one man who could answer the question
and settle it refuses to do so. Under such circum
stances a new issue is raised— that of the sincerity and
political honesty of Bryan. Is he a true champion of
silver or only a shifty demagogue?
As Bryan read his Labor day speech instead of
trusting to the inspiration of the occasion, it is evi
dent he has begun to understand there is such a tiling
as talking too much and saying the wrong thing.
NOW that the Republicans have named their can
didates for Congress in the various districts of
the State, the work of electing them should be
gin at once. All political experts are agreed that the
chief fight of the year is to be for control of the
House of Representatives. It is known that a good
many conservative Democrats who will not vote for
Bryan will support the Congressional candidate of
their party, and consequently it is by no means as
sured that the election of McKinlcy will carry with
it the election of a Republican majority of the House
of Representatives, while the election of Bryan would
be almost certainly accompanied by a Democratic
control of that branch of Congress.
There are many reasons why the Democrats will
make .the most vigorous efforts to capture the House.
In the first place they have little hope of electing?
Bryan, and feel that their only chance of checking a
sweeping Republican victory is by winning a major
ity of the Congressional districts. In the second
place the conservative elements of the party, per
ceiving it would be of no avail to try to defeat the re
nomination of Bryan, have combined to regain their
old ascendency in the party through the House of
Representatives. Accordingly in all parts of the
Union there has been a concerted movement among
them to nominate strong candidates in each district,
and it will probably be found that Democracy this
year will have in every State about the strongest Con
gressional ticket it can put forward.
There is one other element of danger in the fight.
which must not be overlooked, for while it is not
strong it may be sufficient in closely contested dis
tricts to turn the vote in favor of the opponents of the
administration. That element consists of the body of
sorehead Republicans who have not obtained from
the administration all they expected. Every adminis
tration necessarily disappoints the expectations of
some of its supporters, and among the disappointed
there are many who will permit their soreness to irri
tate them to the extent of inducing them to vote for
the opposition in the next contest.
Such are the forces which Republicans must p-e
| pare to fight in th^ Congressional districts in addi
i tion to the regular supporters of Bryan. There is
i nothing in the situation to discourage any one, but
J there is certainly enough of danger to render earnest
work imperative. Overconfidence will be nowhere
I more foolish this year than in Congressional dis
trict. In those contests Republicans can afford to
take no chances. It is there the enemy is going to
be strongest and most earnest, and accordingly it is
there Republicans must put forth their full strength
and exert it continuously until the polls close on
election day.
California cannot afford to be represented at Wash
ington by free traders and free silver men. All her
interests are on the side of protection and the gold
standard. Her delegation at the national capital
should be solid for prosperity and sound money. The
candidates nominated in each district are worthy of
the support of all true Republicans and of all inde
pendent citizens who desire to maintain the welfare
of the republic and the people. We have two Repub
licans in the Senate; let us now send to the. House
a solid Republican delegation to support the Senators
in all that tends to promote by national legislation
the prosperity of California and the Union.
The one thing in the Chinese situation that grinds
the powers is that the only dignitary they can reach
is Li Hung Chang and when it comes to diplomacy
he has a longer reach than any of them.
\A ISS SADIE AMERICAN of the Chicago
/ \ Woman's Club contributes to the current
number of the Merchants' Association Re
view an able plea for providing more ample play
grounds for the children of the city. The underlying
argument of the article is that juvenile crime is
largely due to misdirected energy resulting from a
lack of opportunity for the healthful and wholesome
exercise of the child's growing strength, and that
playgrounds will tend to moral as well as to physical
improvement.
Abram S. Hewitt of New York is quoted as say
ing in a report on the small parks of that city: "Im
provements of property have left children no other
opportunity for play than those that can be found in
the streets. It is impossible to use these for games
without incurring the interference of the police. A
sense of hostility between the children and the guar
dians of public order is thus engendered, leading to
the education of citizens who become enemies of law
and order. . . . With a common accord the pre
cinct captains attribute juvenile rowdyism and tur
bulence to the lack of a better playground than the
streets." Again, traffic of train and car causes many
accidents to life and limb. . . . London after an
experience of forty years battling with the slums says
tersely: Crime in our large cities is to a great ex
tent simply a question of athletics."
The importance of playgrounds to a community
was learned in London earlier than anywhere else,
and in that city the fust steps toward providing such
grounds were taken. Many have been the improvements
made in London of late, but none have been more
immediately beneficial than that of providing parks
and open spaces in the tenement districts for the re
creation of the children of the poor. For genera
tions the Cockney child has been a weak and puny
being, and the native Londoner was rarclv equal t r j
his fellow countrymen brought up in the country.
That reproach upon the citizen is now passing away,
and in a recent report on the subject it is noted that
of late the London youths have been able to compete
successfully at /cricket and other athletic games with
the country clubs.
Among the older cities of this country New York
and Boston have been foremost in adopting the new
method of dealing with the youth of the city. Boston
has provided for the establishment of two open air
gymnasiums, one in East Boston and one on the
banks of the Charles River. The Outdoor
Recreation League of New York has devised
a plan for making a playground at Seward
Park, in that city, which promises to be - a
model for future improvements of the kind.
The plan as described by the New York Post calls
for a depressed amphitheater, with ten rows of seats
at one end tapering to two or three rows at the
other. The seats are to be used for band concerts or
athletic tournaments. The main part of the park
contains a running track, ball grounds and a kinder
garten pavilion.
Miss American makes an effective point in her pica
for the establishment of similar playgrounds here by
saying: ''San Francisco, with a climate which makes
it possible to encourage outdoor life the greater part
of the year, has both a greater responsibility to sup
ply adequate outdoor spaces, which are the property
of its citizens, and a greater privilege in that its in
vestment must be a greater value, since it can be used
almost twice as long as that in the less favored East-
The plea is well made and the cause is good. It i<
to be hoped it will hnd a cordial response from all
who are interested in public welfare. While we are
making improvements in other directions, let us im
prove in this also.
WITH a zeal which we trust will speedily achieve
the object to which it is devoted, the Semper
virens Club is engaged in the work of raising
the sum of ?50,ooo for the purpose of saving the red
woods of the Big Basin of the Santa Cruz Moun
tains. It appears they ar« rinding much difficulty in
obtaining contributions just now because those who
would be likely to aid the enterprise are giving all
they can afford to the fund for the celebration of Ad
mission day. Such being the case, one of the mem
bers writes to The Call suggesting that a portion at
least of the money raised for the celebration be de
voted to the purchase of the Big Basin, so that the
great trees may be preserved as a memorial of the
patriotism of the Californians of this generation and
as a permanent park and pleasure ground for the
Californians of the future.
The plea of course comes too late to have any
effect upon the plans for employing the money raised
for the celebration of Admission day. Nevertheless
in the discussions of California's future that will take
piace during the celebration it will be well worth
while for all to give come consideration to the project
which the Scmpcrvirens Club has undertaken. Our
great trees are among the most notable of the natural
features of the State. They are almost as widely
famous as our gold mines. They rank among the
marvels of the continent, the wonders of the world.
Their destruction would be a loss which centuries oi
time could not make up]
Unfortunately that destruction is imminent. The
waste of our forests goes on with a rapidity that is
rppalling. Whatever can be done to check it should
be. done. It matters not on what ground the preser
vation of forests be urged, it is good. We may save
them for their beauty, for the distinction they con
fer upon the State, for their healthfulness as holiday
grounds or for purely scientific reasons drawn from
their relation to the water supply. It matters not
why we save them so long as we save them. To that
end it is to be hoped the patriotic fervor aroused by
the glorious celebration of Admission day will tend
tc help the Sempervirens Club in achieving the : work
it has undertaken.
By the annexation of the Transvaal the British hnye
merely provided a camping place and exercise ground
for a considerable number of their soldiers for a good
many years to come. It will be a long time before
the annexation will hold without bayonets.
It is high time for Republicans to shake off that
summer apathy and start into training for the walk
over.
Editor The Call: Our, the .people's,
music temple at Golden Gate Park is fin
ished and The Call is right Ui saying that
it is one of the finest, if not the finest,
structure of Its kind in the world. It js
magnificent to look at, but Its inspiration
is of the dumb kind.
This beautiful temple does not, with all
Its expressive grandeur, speak out to the
beholder as It should; in other words, it
does not. as It shouid. ring to heaven
with some lofty inscription written' on
the bare and empty space ftr balustrade
above the so-called entablature.
A few chiseled words, be they a quo
tation from some Immortal author or poet
or an> original inscription to suit the oc
casion, would make of this silent temple
a living, breathing structure, reminding
one, even when no music peals forth from
its graceful vault, of its high mission in
public life, and emphasizing the splendid
munificence of the donor.
Could it be that the designer overlooked
this Important feature of the building and
never thought of the beauty of an In
scription? If that be the case could not
The Call agitate the question by submit
ting the selection of an inscription to tne
public? , ,
Suggestions will readily come and from
the large mass of ideas some inscription
could be selected that would suit the pur
pose. Or in the event that this seemed
infeasible could not C'laus Spreekels be
importuned to suggest some appropriate
inscription?
I sincerely hone that my suggestion will
not altogether be lost.
RUDOLF JORDAN.
San Francisco. Aug. SI. 1900.
Dr. J. J. Miller of San Jose is at the
Occidental.
Senator Voorheis of Sutter Creek Is reg
istered at the Palace.
Herman Ohl. a prominent rancher of
Colusa, is at the Grand.
S. KummelsburK. a merchant of Colusa.
is repristered at the Grand.
H. J. Coleman. a wealthy merchant of
Salt Lake, is at the Palace.
J. II. Seward, a merchant prince of Bal
timore, Md., is at the Palace.
Major Ij. E. Wheeler and wife of Spring
fieJd, 111., are registered at the Palace.
S. H. Valentine, a well knpwn attorney
of I-os Angeles, is a guest of the Grand.
D. J. Klannagan, a big mill owner of
Eureka, is at the Grand. He is here to
see the celebration.
I. Wertheimer, manager of the Geysers,
and Mrs. Wertheimer are in the city to
attend the celebration.
T. W. Roy, formerly a well-known jour
nalist, but now a farmer of Fresno Coun
ty, is a guest at the Lick House.
R. L. Stephenson has been appointed
traveling passenger agent of the Santa Fe
system, to operate in the San Francisco
territory.
Professor T. S. C. T^owe of Lowe Ob
servatory fame is at the California. He
has just returned" from a trip through the
southern part of the State.
Major William Fahcy, proprietor of tho
Cosmopolitan Hotel of this city, has re
turned after a six weeks' sojourn at Lake
Tahoe and Campbell Springs, in Sierra
County. Major Fahey has greatly Im
proved In health.
NEW YOrtK, Sept. 6.— W. J. Whitmire
of San Jose is at the Xethorland. Thomas
Winter and wife of Los Angeles are at
the Netherland. \V „
The Institute of Art.
The public will be admitted to the Mnrk
Hopkins Institute of Art free of charge
to-day, from 9 a. m. till 5 p. m. and in the
evening from 7:30 till 10. In addition to
the usual display of pictures and. other
works of art. Burgesa' large painting of
"San Francisco in 1819" will bo on exhibi
tion. The board of directors has decided
to hold a special exhibition of paintings
relating to the early days of California
durinp the celebration of the semi-cen
tennial anniversary of Admission day. bc-
Einnlnjr Saturday. September 8. On Mon
day aid Tuesday. September 10 and 11
tho institute will be opeir free of charjre
from 0 a. m. to 5 p. m. to all visitors wear
ing the bndRo of the Native Sons. •
Association Night School.
The Y. M. C. A. night school opens for
the seventeenth season on Monday oven-
Ing. September 24. From present lmllen.
tlons the school will ho very larpe. The
Bchool is u membership prlvllt-K.. and a
small tuition f«>e Is cliarKoil In addition to
the membership to cover tho cost of In
struction.
JURISDICTION
OF JUSTICES'
COURT DENIED
Principals Will Meet
The grammar school principals arc re-
quested to meet in Mrs. Kincald's offieo at
4 o'clock this afternoon to discuss details
regarding sewing, cooking and manual
training 1 .
» ? ¦
Ice cream ar.d s=o<ia at Towr.send's. •
» ? ¦
Pure fruit juices u?erl at Towr.send'r. •
• m •
Ice cream by the gallon at Townjen^l's."
¦ • ¦
Townsend's California place fruits. ,"0c a
pound in fire-etched boxes or Jap baskets
639 Market street. Palace Hotel. •
¦ ?••
Special Information supplied dally rr>
burlness houses and public men by frt<§
Press CJippir.fr Bureau (Allen's). 510 Moai-
Komery *t. Telephone Main 104X •
¦ m »
Stockport. England, boasts the largest
Sundas'-schnol in the world, nearly 50*0
childron being on the roll. The recent
annual procession was a grtfrantlc affair.
••M pcholars traveling long distances to
join in the walk.
HOTEL DEL COROXADO-Special sumirer
rates itill in effect at this beautiful country
home, where summer and winter are one. At
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco, ct
rates with special round-trip summer ticket.
AMUSEMENTS.
rir-^ v .,-urr.— Vaudevi:]p.
Grand Opera-house— ''Children cr the Ghetto."
TiVi !!-"Kraar.l."
A!-a:-.;!r— •'The JJasqueraders."
¦". lumKa— "A 'ir.at Obstacle. "*
A1fc3aibra—*"Sblj> Ahcy.*"
GlyispU, corner llasca in-i KJ.'y streets— Specialties.
ChutM. Zoo ao4 ThP3t~r— Vaudeville ev<-ry afternoon and
tv. :un~.
j .-'!.¦ : f — Vauii<"v{lle.
Alta Theater, Grove s-tro*".— "On the Trail."
¦ Battle if ?.in .'uin. Folsom ar.d Sixteenth streets.
Futi Bath? — * ': fa nich;s.
T;.r: ••;:n Park — The Orrat Fair. September 2* to October 6.
._ <T5vi«i 7<jS&> — — "
\ THERE ARE PROPHETS /
\ AMD SONS OF /
The newest son of a prophet is in f
>y Southern Caifcrna. /
jf In the
DON'T MISS 3 v Tin t ttv a
September O. d?
I HOW JACK CHRETIEN \
/ SPENDS HIS TIME IN JAIL; \
/ THE MOQDI \
/ INDIAN SNAKE DANCE. \
/ HAS SEEN AND TALKED \
/ WITH THE DEPOSED EMPEROR. \
/ THE STORY CF LEUNG KAr TIN. . \
/ THE SENSATIONAL STCRY CF THE DAY, \
/..."VALDA"... \
I EEGINS SUNDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 9. \
I ....THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL.... \Covelo Rancher and a Neighbor Exchange
Fifteen Shots With Singularly
Fortunate Results.
LOSES AN EAR LOBE IN
DUEL WITH REVOLVERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
, OVELO. Sept. 6.— News of an extraordinarily fortunate shooting affray
(I was received here to-night. The principals, T. J. Crowley and Harry
(v j Beard > exchanged in all fifteen shots. Crowley lost the lobe of an ear
v^^^ and a horse and Beard escaped unscathed.
Crowley, accompanied by his daughter and a guest. Dr. Jarvis of
Oakland, was riding over his range when he discovered a grass fire raging.
He believed it was started by some enemy, and later, meeting a neighboring
rancher named Harry Beard near the scene, he ordered him off the range.
Beard drew his revolver and commenced firing. The first shot struck
Cfowley's horse and the second shot clipped the lobe off Crowley's ear.
Beard continued firing until his revolver was empty. Crowley claims to have
fired but one shot. ..; ¦_; ¦
After Beard had emptied his revolver he galloped away. On the road
home the Crowley party passed an old cabin, in the door of which Beard
was seated. Beard leveled a Winchester and shot four more times, and
Crowley took refuge In the timber. Crowley swore out a warrant to-day for
Board'B. arrest on a charge of assault with a" deadly weapon to commit mur
der. Excitement is high, and the examination on Saturday la expected to
bring out sensational details.
SBATTLE, Sew. 6.— The steamship Bertha
arrived from Valdea last night. She brought
about J3O.C0O in gold dust. Arthur Campbell of
the Alaska Development Company returned
from Kyak. where the company has found oil
and coal.
SEATTLE._Sept. 6.— 'Whether the earthguake disturbances which were
felt on Lynn Canal and at the head of the Yukon River had any con
nection with the similar disturbances at Lituya~Bay is a mere con
jecture, but according to Information brought out by the steamer
Bertha lent night, a vast amount of damage was done at the latter
place. In addition five Indians are known to have been killed.
The news was brought from Lituya Bay to Takutat by Indians in ca
noes. The disturbances there occurred on August 11. one day after the earth
quake Bhock.8 referred to. They apparently proceeded from the district in
which Mount St. Ellas and Mount Falrweather"are situated.
On August 11 two heavy shocks were felt, according to the Indians. The
eecond shock created great havoc, as well an destroying five lives. The In
dians told persons at Yakutat that five of the immense glaciers which head
Into Lituya were destroyed by the disturbance and were sent crashing into
the bay, pertly filling It with great mountains of ice.
The five Indians are reported to have been killed on a small Island situ
ated about a mile from the face of one of the glaciers. They were in a cave
and were drowned by the rush of water which swept over the island when
the Ice rivers crashed into tho bay. Chief George, onte of the best known
characters in the north/was one of the drowned Indians.
Five Indians KiSIed and Qrsat Damage Done by
a Temblor on the Coast
of Alaska.
No Evidence Against Bowling.
Spo<-!al Dispatch to Th» Call.
t'KIAH. Sept. 6.— The case of Frank
Dowlinp. who was arrested here last week
on a charge of arson, waa dismissed at
the preliminary hearing on motion of the
District Attorney on the ground of lack
of evidence.
EARTHQUAKE DISLODGES
LITUYA BAY GLACIERS
A cycle factory in Philadelphia was
turning out machines last year at the rato
of one a minute.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. Sept. 6.— Because one
second-class passenger— Mrs. Graham of
San Francisco— contracted smallpox on
the up trip from the Golden Gate, the
steamer "Walla Walla Is quarantined at
Williams Head and is likely to remain
there for two or possibly three weeks,
with her crew and passengers in confine
ment. Mrs. Graham, who is a foreigner,
had been visiting Lower California for a
short time prior to embarking on the
Walla Walla, and was 111 when she came
on board the Vessel. She retired to her
berth soon after the vessel put to sea, and
yesterday it was noised about the ship
that she had smallpox.
The Walla Walla arrived here at S a, m.
and was met in the stream off Williams
Head by Quarantine Ofllcer A. T. Watt.
He pronounced the case smallpox and or
dered the vessel detained. Under the Do
minion quarantine laws, all vessels com
ing from a foreign port with smallpox are
liable to detention for three weeks. There
are 163 passengers on board, and sixty
seven are second-class passengers. The
vessel will be fumigate*! to-morrow and
the perishable goods in her cargo will no
doubt be destroyed by this operation.
Among the passengers on the steamer
are Roy W. Brown. The Call's corre
spondent at Vancouver, who is returning
from San Francisco, and F. S. McHugh.
grand secretary of the Stone-cutters' Un
ion of North America. A banquet ar
ranged for him is spoiling at a local hotel.
San Francisco "Woman Contracts the
Disease and the Vessel Is Placed
in Quarantine Off Vic
toria.
SMALLPOX CASE ON
THE WALLA WALLA
Special DlsDatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 6.-A big major
ity of the oil producers of Kern Courfcy
held a meeting this evening and started
the Producers' Oil Storage Company, an
organization that is to handle and mar
ket the product, just like the Standard Oil
Company is proposing to do. Some time
ago a committee was appointed to formu
late plans of organization. This commit
tee reported this evening and that portion
of the report which referred to the arti
cles of Incorporation was adopted, with
the direction to place the document in the
hands of the committee for some correc
tions and then file it. The rest of the re
port, which included by-laws and lease
and pooling agreements; was filed with
the secretaryt to be considered at a future
meeting.
The lense and pooling agreements In
brief provide that companies lease their
holding for ten years to the organization
and the organization in turn shall employ
the companies to operate their own land
for 90 per cent of the product.
The articles of Incorporation provide
for eleven directors. They are: C. A.
Canneld, Los Angeles; H. A. Blodgett.
Bakersneld; Burton Green. Los Angeles;
W. H. McKenzle, Fresn»: M. J. Lay
mance, Oakland; W. E. Knowles. Oak
land: Othello Scribner, Visalia; B. F.
Brooks, Bakersfleld; Henry Ach. Ran.
Francisco; E. L. Doheny, Los Angeles;
H. H. Blood, Bakersfleld. The capital
stock is 1,000,000 shares of $1 par value
each.
Majority of the Owners of Kern
County "Wells Effect an Organi
zation for a Pooling of
' Interests.
COMBINE FORMED
BY OIL PRODUCERS
KEW YORK, Sept. 6.— An unfortunate
B'vid^nt. which may result Feriously in
tho rape of one jockey, marred the racing
et Sbeepsbead Bay to-day. Three horses
vent down in a heap at the last furlong
pole in the first race, and the only wonder
i<= that tholr riders were not killed. The
field -wa>= well straightened out In the
Ftif-tch when Unsightly, ridden by
Knight, fell. Beverage, with Wedder-
Etrand up. turned a complete somersault
over him, and Einus, with Murphy up.
a;.-o plunged into the sti-uergliiiR- masp.
When the dust had cleared away the
thr«=« boys were ?(fn lying on the track.
Help was Quickly at hand and the
jockeys wero carried into the Infield.
Wcr»rfirand was only pfimned, and
Ehsve4 his oerve by riding again in the
fifth race. Knight had his Fhoulder
pprairf d. Murphy lay all the afternoon in
an unconscious condition and appears to
hove Fostafned a fracture of the skull.
Ht-'larjo. the favorite, won the Golden
Rod Etakea aftf r a pretty race through
the stretch with A'.ard Scheck and De
murrer.
The Omnium handicap went to Potente
at long odds. Mc<l*uo sent him to the
front at the fall of the flag and making
all the running won cleverly by a length
and a half from the favorite. Decanter,
la 1S62 4-5, a new track record. Sum-
Six and a half furtintrx. felling— The Pride
¦won. Elfln Conl« second. Carbuncle third.
< T.e n*iil*- — O^»nf«lon iron. Flaunt second.
Toddy third. Time, 1:M 1-3.
Til* Ooldea H"d. fix and a half furlongs on
Murphy So Badly Hurt That
His Recovery Is
Doubtful.
HORSES FULL,
THREE JOCKEYS
BEING INJURED
turf— Bellarlo won. Alard Scheck ieeond, De
murrer third. Time, 1:51 3-5.
The Omnium handicap, mile and an eighth—
Fotfr.te won. r>ecanter second, Andronlcus
third. Time. 1:S2 4-5.
Five and a half furlongs— All Green won Sil
ver Dale second, Dublin third. Time, 1:08."
Mile and three-sixteenths on turf— Maximo
Gomez won. Compensation second. Alsike third
Time, 2:01 1-t
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 6.-Wlth one exception fa
vorites were bowled over at Klnlorh Park this
afternoon. Attendance grood; track fast. Re
sults:
•Six furlongs, selling— Monophan won. Guer
don second. Captain Gaines third. Time
Mile and a sixteenth, selline— Mitt Boykln
won. El Ghor second. Padrone third. Time.
Six er.d a half furlongs. Belling— La Mas
third. 3KSSK? Mcond> * l " Lynah
One mile, handicap— Ida I>»dford won. Go Out
second. St. Cuthbert third. Time. 1:41.
S<?v«n furlongs, selling— S«unilus won. Curd
G!!lock second, Seething third. Time, 1:31
Mile and a quarter, celling— Tom Gtlmore
non, Orlar.dlne second, Governor Hoyd third
Tim-. 2:00Vi.
CinCAGO, Sept. «.— Mlse Bennett has flnally
been beaten. She Ml In dif sjac* in the fourth
event at Harlem In the rich Graduate Makes,
v.orth $1005 to the winner, and Joe Frey made
her bite th* dust.
Bf-ssie Macklln. the much-touted epeed won
der, who was thought to be . a world beater,
met her match in the second race. In which
she was defeated by John A. Morris. Results:
Five furlonsrs — Cora Goetz won. Pirate's
Queen cecond. El Orlente third. Time., 1:03 2-5
f-'ix furlongs— John A. Morris won, B«ssle
Macklln recond, Geonrle third. Time, 1:14 1-5
Mile and a sixteenth— Chapr«oua won, Boney
R.jy »econd. Kinstein third. Time. 1:48 4-5.
The Graduate stakes, six furlonjr*— Jce Frey
•won. MIfs Bennett second, Tyr third. Time.
1:14 2-">.
Mile and thre--sixteenthst— The Devil won
Jrlm Baker se ecn d. Clay Pointer third. Time'
2:<"1 4-5.
One mile — Hansford -won. FVellnKhausen sec
pi.4. Dammar third. Time, 1:43.
DETROIT. Pert. at Windsor:
Six furlnnsrs— Elizabeth K won. tMvertlse
rr-nt second. TJzxIe Jackson third. Time 1:15
Four and a hair furlongs, selling — The Bronze
Demon won, Emma C L second, Cupa third.
Time, :."6Vj.
Six nnd a half furlonjrs. selling— Pretty Rose
vi' n. Jack Addle F^cond. Marion Sampfoii third
Tirri'-. 1:23.
Mil* and a Quarter, selllner— Monk Warman
w.m. Beau irjeai second. Miss Soak third
T^me, 2:f>7.
Six furlongs, selling — Irma S won. Miss Red
wood eecon.2. Julia P.ose third. Time. 1:14%
Five furl-.nes— Master Mariner won, Corder
Ffcond, Bevoy thirrl. Time. l:OlVi.
SENSATION AT HARTFORD.
Prince Alert Either Pulled or in Dis
tress at End of Fast Heat.
HARTFORD. Conn., Sept. 6.— The Grand
Circuit racing to-day was sensational in
one feature. Prince Alert, one of the
three starters in the free-for-all pace, af
ter making a half in 1:00?;, came in at
the -wire either held by "Walker, who was
up, or in distress, taking second place.
The odds were &0 to $10 on the horse and
the bets were declared off by the judges
on the supposition that "Walker held the
horse. "Walker drew the horse In the
second heat and explained that Prince
Alert came down the stretch suffering:
from blind staggers and that he was
obliged to bleed him as soon as ho left
his peat. Veterinary surgeons were sent
for to examine the horse and the judges
reserved their decision as to Walker's
culpability until the evidence is, all in.
Bets were also declared off in the second
heat before starting, and ten minutes
was allowed to make a new book, which
was in favor of Indiana. The talent
was badly upset by the occurrence,
as the short end had big money in
sight. Indiana took a new mark in the
second heat— 2:04%.
Lady Geraldlne took: the consolation
purse of $800 offered for those outside of
the Charter Oak stake money Monday.
She broke badly in the second heat, but
was driven from the outset to win. York
Boy was the favorite, but took a fourth
and fifth only.
Major Greer was not headed in the 2:27
trot and won in three straight heats.
The 2:10 pace was unfinished, three heats
being- paced, two going to The Admiral
and one to Paul Revere. A heavy thun
derstorm stopped the event and also pre
vented The Abbott from eoing against his
wagon record of 2:09»i- Summaries:
2-27 trot, purse *120Q — Major Greer won three
straight heats In 2:15>*. 2:lUi. 2:16^- Polly
Bldwell. Marlqua. WInaka. Electric Wllkes.
Betsy Tell. J R P, Alta Ford, Boodler and
Parallox a!so started.
Charter Oak Consolation, purse $S<V> — Lady
Oeral?lln<» won In two straight heats in IrllH.
2:13^. MnfcKie Anderson. Joe Watts. York Boy,
Rustler, Nlgeer Jack and Temple Wllkes also
started.
jr re< »-fnr-all pace, each heat a race, purse
flSOft— Indiana won three straight heats In 2:05.
2:&4»i, 2:0S. Coney anrt Prince Alert also started.
2:10 puce, puree (1200 'unfinished) — The Ad
miral won th" peoend and third heats In 2:O7ti,
2:W*4. Paul Revere won the first heat In 2:07 1 >i.
numnnt W, Sphinx S. Belle Coley. Lady Pipes,
Red Seal and Slavonic also started. rf
BT. JOSEPH. Mo., Sept. fi — Tom Kellar was
declared the winner of the 2:33 unfinished pace
to-dny. Pln» lookout second. Bud B third.
I.'-7lu *Aladln <1fed from overexertlon.
2:19 trot — Outcast won, Dolly A second, Grace
Greenlander third. Best time, 2:22.
Free-for-all pace— Little Fquaw won In
straight heats, direction second, Happy Way
third.- Best time. Z:16H.
ST. PAT'L. Minn.. Sept. 6.— At Hamllne this
afternoon the feature of the card was the 2.21
trot, with a Ruarnnteed purse of $5000. Early
Reaper won the first two heats with the frreat
pFt eare. hut within a hundred feet of the wire
In the third heat went lame and had to be
drawn. Contralto then took the race In straight
heats. Summaries:
2:21 trot, purse $5C0O. elprht starters — Contralto
won tbe third, fourth and fifth h?atR. Early
Rcapf-r won the first and second heats. Bent
time. 2:10.
2:."0 pace, purse $K00, nine starters— Plum
Line won three straight h&atf. Best time, 2:15Vi.
LAKEPORT. Sept. 6. — Curtis Thompson of Lakeport and the Misses Emma
and NeHi? Hcr.dcr?rn of Upper Lake are congratulating themselves upon
a very, narrow escape from death. They were returning to Upper Lake
in a bugg:y from the cricket festival at the summer home of Mr. and Mrs.
C. M. Hammond. As they were descending a hill on a eteep grade over
lockinr Clear Ixko one of the holdback straps broke and the horse, taking
frlpht. ran away. •
Mr. Thompson and Miss Nellie Henderson were thrown out, leaving Miss
Emma In the bui?g-y alone and without the slightest means of controlling: the
horse, as the lines had fallen out. She dared not Jump, but her quick wit booh
suggested a plan that not many would have attempted.
Waiting- until a comparatively smooth piere of road was reached, she stood
tip and jumped for the crossbar of the shafts. The dashboard had been kicked
away and she lar.ded safely. Another leap placed her on the horse's back. Cling
ing- to the harness with one hand, she sc-cured one of the lines with the other and
soon reined the horse into a fence, bringing him to a standstill.
The two others narrowly escaped going over the grade and were badly bruised
but not seriously injured. \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. SepL 6.— The fourth
day of the meeting at Agricultural Park
drew the largest crowd of the week, there
being a regular crush in the betting ring.
The programme wore a classy look and
the sDort was far above the ordinary.
"With two exceptions favorites carried off
the laurels and the bookies retired with
crape on their hats.
Beyond peradventurs of a doubt the
highest honors rested with the sidewinder
Kelly Briggs and his driver, Sam Hoy.
The crack pacer went through his field
In the 2:11 class as a Mauser bullet would
pierce a baseball player's chest protector,
not being compelled to step below 2:ll',i.
In the betting he was a top-heavy favor
ite. Drawing a poor position for the first
heat. Hoy trailed his field, merely drop
ping along at tire end to get a few hole*
closer to the pole. Myrtha Whips winning
from" I Direct and Edna K in 2:U^i. After
this the lirst choice rang up three bulls
eyes in succession and the game waa over.
Too much praise cannot be bestowed
upon Charles E. Clark, the clever Fresno
reinsman. for his superb handling of El
Moro, victor in the 2:15 class trot, after
a spirited five-heat contest. The talent
early picked Alta Vela to win this event,
and in the betting he sold favorite. After
twice finishing third and once sixth Driver
Nelson askeu the judges to excuse his
horse, which request was granted, owing
to an ailment. The greatest finish of the
race was reserved for the tifth and de
ciding heat. El Moro' at once went out
in the lead, with the dangerous Arrow in
close attendance. In a long drive from
the quarter pole home, both horses being
extended to their utmost and both break
ing shortly before the wire was reached.
El Moro earned the verdict by a head,
his driver receiving an ovation on return
ing to the stand.
The Dewey selling stake attracted a
field of six to the post. Torslna closing- an
8 to 5 favorite, with Mounee In the saddie.
Formero, which opttied in the betting
equal choice with Gill Summers' mare,
receded to 13 to 5. Starter Reagan sent
the bunch away nicely aligned, with
Mounee at once taking his mount to the
front. Torsina set a very warm clip, and
holding Formero safe the last part won by
three lengths In l:2t> 1 i. Ruiz let the Sink
entry fall too far out of It the first part.
Jennie Keid was a tired third.
Narra G. an extensively backed favorite,
downed a bunch of nine maiden two-year
olds of low </iliber. closing a 6 to 5 char.ee.
Tlollta took the place from George Dewey.
Right up on ct'.pe and apparently as
good as ever. Mocorito met easy game in
the six furlong jaunt, decided under sell-
Ing conditions. Under restraint to the
stretch, she collared and led Amasa past
the judges by six lengths.
Walter Hobart had the pleasure of see
ing the Southern California pony Viola
defeat his Slats in the half-mile dash,
each to carry 110 pounds, with six start-
Ing Slats, with H. Shields up. war a hot
favorite. After leading to the paddock
she quit and was beaten six length* in :43.
By the way, all the little differences ex
isting among the gentlemen riders and
polo players have been amicably adjusted.
Tom Drlscoll. Dick Tobln, Cyril Tobin
and other crack players will be up to
morrow with their ponies and the first of
a series of three games will be played on
the infield Saturday morning. Summaries:
Pacing. 2:11 class, heats, be«rt three in five;
purse $1000:
Kelly IJrisrgs. b. B-. by Eayswater
Wllkes by Algona (Hoy) 5 111
Myrtha Whips, b. m., by Whips
(Hellman) 118 2
Dnedalion. ch. h.. by Diablo (W.
Tryon) 4 5 J »
I Direct, b. p.. by Direct (Lafferty).. 2 3 & 4
Kfina R l>. m.. by Sidney <Tralnor>.. 3 4 4 S
William Haiold, b. h., by Sidney
(Cray) 1 H I
Flf-ractta, b. m., by Red Cloak
(Judd> ~ dist
Dtctatrcss, ch. m.. by Dlctatus (Ro
driRuez) flirt
Goshen Jim, b. h., by Moses S (Eddy) dist
Time. 2:11%. 1:11%. 2:124. M«i
Trottlnir." 2:15 class, heats, best three in five;
purse »lC00:
Kl Moro. b. *.. by Long-worth by
Anteo (Clarke) 4 4X11
Arrow, ch. g.. by Silver Bow (Wil
lis) 7 1 6 3 I
Lottie, br. m.. by San Diego (Spen
cer) 8 2 8 B 7
F«yche b m.. by Cupid (Jeffries).. 9 8 3 2 5
Bob InVersoll, b. g.. by Nutwood
Wllkes (Cecil) 6 7 2 6 3
Lynall. ch. jr.. by Lynmor.t (\\ .
Uosnboom) 5 5 4 4 4
Bon.xaline. b. m.. by Stamboul
Ho^r'g.V-by-Arthur'wYlke, ]
(Masten) 1 6 9 dst
Alta Vela. b. h.. by Electioneer
t Vp1<;nn> *-• * * " dm
xfme. aVisV iaiiL "iaSa: *imL s:«H.
Pewey selling stake; seven furlongs; value
G Summers' b. m. Torsina. 10«. by Torso-Ber
tie W (Mounee). 8 to 5 1
W. B. Sink's ch. c. Formero. 103 (Ruiz). 16
The Abbey stables' b. m. Jennie Reid, 97
(Butler). 8 to 1 • 3
Time. 1:2«4.
Merry Boy 100. Toriblo 106 and El Mldo 102.
also ran.
Five furlongs, selling; maiden two-year-olds;
purse $250.
V Gibron's b. f. Narra G, 10?, by Blooms
bury-Zarlna (McDonald). 8 to 5 1
A B. Spreckels' b. f. Tlollta. 93 (Stuart).
6 to 1 *
D. S. Fountain's b. g. George Dewey, 1C6
(Mounee). 12 to 1 3
Tim-. 1.C3.
Gertie B 100. Lucira 100. Plcklow 1C3, I^oyal S
102 Location 93, Montana Chieftain 1C3. and
Fiqued 1CS, also ran.
Six furlongrs. selling: purse &!S0.
Abbey utables' ch. m. Mocorito. 102. by
Amlso-Santa Monica (McDonald). 3 to 3 1
J. Crane's b. E- Amasa. 107 (Frawley). 5 to 1. 2
Ward Adams' b. m. Loconomo, 112 (J. Nar
vaez). 15 to 1 S
Time. 1:13*;.
Roulette Wheel 109, Sugden 115. Grand Sa
chem 112. Cowboy 107. Jack McCabe 102 and
Bona M 73. alao ran.
Polo ponies: four furlongs: purse $170.
M E. Flower's ch. m. Viola. 110 (Stuart). :
j to 5 1
W. S. Hobart's ch. m. Slats. 110 (H. Shields),
even 2
F J. Carolan's ch. h. Fusillade. 110 (McDon
ald). 6 to 1 •• *3
Time. :49.
. Julia HO. Princess Flavla 110 and Lady Betty
; 110. also ran. , : ¦"• -v -
i 'Coupled with Princess Flavla.
Following are to-morrow'a entries:
Green class, purse *W0. mile heats, three fn
five— Joe Selby. Algonita, Maggie McKlnney,
i Ben Llebes, Monte Carlo. Potomac, Bertha R.
Special, drummers' rac»— Gum Drop, Kiss Me
Gum, Pansy. Wilson's High Grade Vanlla, Ab
! dine. -'¦-• -, ¦¦¦ ,
' Three-year-olds and upward, purse, seven fur
| longs— Snips 111. Mabelle 111. Casdale 114, Ri->
' Chlco 114, Bathos 107, Constellator 107, Jenni*
I Rpld 111. , , . -
Three-year-olds and upward, selling, one mile
I and a sixteenth— McFarlane 106. Sunello lf«
Edsrardo 86. Don Luis 104, Lodestar 108. Glen
Anne 107 Cromwell 110. Lena 1C5, Rey del San
Juan 110. Grady 104
Two-year-old.«. soiling, -five and a half fur
longs—Game Warden lfi«. Wordman M. St
Rica 112. Little Jim 106. Phil Archibald 112.
i lllllouon 110.
' For ponies, five furlongs— Slats 110. Fusillade
110 Lady Betty 110, Viola 110, Julia 110.
By Fred E. Mulholland.
El Moro Captures the Trot Through
the Clever Reinsmanship of
Driver Clark.
Large Throng Attends the State Fair
Baces and There Is a Crush.
In the Betting
Ring.
Takes the 2:11 Class Event
at Sacramento in
Hollow Style.
KELLY BRIGGS
EASY WINNER
OF THE PACE
Special Dlsratch to The CalL
FOLSOM, Sept. 6. — Officers who have
been trying 1 to ferret out the murderers
of Hans Rasmussen and William Taylor
have found a clew upon which to work.
Lou Page, a rancher, who formerly lived
here, but is now a resident of Nevada
County, saw a man leaving the Perazzo
place on Friday, gclr.g cast. Page had
driven down from his Xevada County
ranch and was stopping near Mormon
Island. On Friday morning he left there
at 9 o'clock to go to the residence of J. T.
Silberhorn. In passing the Perazzo place
he sav.- a man leaving the ranch and
striking out across country in an easterly
direction. This man he has since identi
fied as John Lynch, who, like the mur
dered men, has charge of one of the
dairies in the absence of the owner. He Is
positive in his identification.
Lynch, whose full name is J. F. A.
Lynch, has been here since last Decem
ber. He Is a man of small stature, middle
age and has been a crlpde for some
years, having nearly lost tne use of his
right arm. Very little is known of the
la-st few years of Lynch" s life.
What makes suspicions doubly strong
Is the fact that Page saw Lynch leaving
the Perazzo ranch on Friday morning,
and the opinions of all who have worked
on the case are that the crime was com
mitted either Thursday night or Friday
morning. S. A. French, who lives near
the Perazzo place, claims to have ween
the murdered man on Thursday after
noon.
Pag-e went with Constable Donelly this
morning to the Woodard ranch and pos
itively Identified Lynch as the man he
saw leaving Perazzo's place. The dis
tance from Perazzo's place to the Wood
ard place is about two miles and from the
Woodard place to the Carpenter place
about a mile.
Lynch is considered to be an eccentric
and of a low order of intelligence. He is
being- watched pending further investiga
tion. Pagre lived here for a number of
years and 1b highly thought of.
Suspect Is a Cripple and Has Been
Seen Regarded as Eccentric
and of a Low Order of
Intelligence.
Identified as a Man Who Departed From
the Plata Soon After Grimes
Were Committed.
CLEW THAT MAY
SOLVE MYSTERY
OF TWO MURDERS
John Lynch Seen Leaving
Perazzo Ranch Near
Folsom.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,- SEPTEMBER 7. 1900.
LEAPS FROM BUGGY
TO FRANTIC HORSE
Daring Method of an Upper Lake
young Lady to Check a
Runaway.
Sodden . Passing of the N Noted
Divtae at the Age of
Ntaety-Two,
DEATH'S HAND LAID
UPON FATHER WAUGH
MISS EMMA HENDERSON.
THE LATE REV. LORENZO WAUGH.
WILLIAMS, Cal... Sept. 5.— Rev. Lorenzo TTaugh. well known through
out California, arrived here en the ncrth-bound train at noon to-day
in company with his daughter-in-lav.-, to whose home, a few mllea
west of here, he was going for the benefit of his health. He alighted
from the train and walked Into the waiting-room at the depot, where
he sat down and in a few minutes breathed his lost.
The reverend gentleman was very feeble, having celebrated his ninety-second
birthday at IVtaluma on August 8 last.He was known as the "Father of the
Band of Hope" In California.
The body was convoyed to an undertaking establishment and prepared for
shipment to his old home in Petaluma.
The Rev. Lorenzo Waugh, or, aa he has long been affectionately called,
"Father Waugh." was the oldest minister in the Methodist church throughout
the world, and had perhaps seen more years of ministerial service than any
other man in the United States.
He whs born on August 28, 1S0S. on the banks of the Greenbrier River, in what
is now Pocahontas County, West Virginia, and entered the ministry at the age of
24 years, sixty-eight years ago. His father was a soldier of the war of 1S12, and
he was the oldest of twelve children. He labored for some time in his own State
and then moved to Missouri, where he worked among the Shawnee Indians un
til 1S52, when he came over the plains In an ox train to California.
On his arrival he was met by General Vallejo, who was so favorably im
pressed with him that he made him a gift of 320 acres of land in Sonoma County,
where he took up his residence and lived for a number of years.
"Father \Vaugrh" organized in 1S59 what was known as the California Youths'
Association, which was a power in building up the Methodist church on the Pa
cific Coast.
For some years past "Father Waugh's" birthday has been an occasion of
celebration at the Howard-street Methodist Church in this city, when he has gen
erally been present. Feebleness of body, due to old age, compelled him a few
years ago to leave the northern counties and seek the milder climate of Los 011
vos, Santa Barbara County, but to the laat his mental faculties was as bright
and active as ever.
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
"Valda," the sensational
story of court life at Peking,
begins in next Sunday's Call,
September 9.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR
MONSTER
SALE
OF
IS
STILL
Our sustem of a sale suits
tne people, because we atte
them Just what we advertise
Just received a large assort-
ment of Ladies' White Kid
and Canvas Oxford Ties, and
also White Kid Slippers, for
the Native Sons' Celebration;
all sizes, all widths. Call
soon as possible before sizes
are broken,
A Few of Our
Special Bargains
Ladies' very finest quality French
Kid, Lace, Seamless Foxed. Hand-
Tura Soles, .French Heels, latest
stvie Coin Toe, Patent Leather
Tips; all sizes; $4.00 a pair.
Regular price, $6.00.
Ladies finest quality Vici Kid,
Cloth Top, Lace. Hand-Turn Soles.
latest style Coin Toe, Patent
Leather Tips; all sires; a very neat
and dressy boot; $2.50 a pair.
Men's Genuine Patent Leather.
Lace. Welted, Sewed Soles; latest
styles, all sizes; $3.50 a pair.
This is the swellest Shoe ever
offered at this price.
We have about 000 pairs of Men's
Finest Quality Vici Kid, Lace,
Welted. Sewed Soles, latest stvie
Coin Toes. Regular price. $?.oo.
Will close this lot out at $3.25
a pair.
Don't fail to call and see our prices on
Tan Snces.
See our Bargain Counters for Special
Bargains in Infants'. Children's, Misses'
and Boys' Shoes.
Write for our NEW CATALOGUE.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
812-814 MARKET ST.,
Phelan Building-.
No More Bread of tbe Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AMD FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAJX. by our lato
scientific method applied to tho {urns. No
¦le*p-produc!nj; agrr.t or cocaine.
Thew are th« only Cental parlors In San
Francisco having PATE-VTED APPLIANCE3
and ingredients to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns nndetectaol* from
natural terth. anil warranted for ten year*.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth. K: a perfect fit truaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $3. Gold fllltnjis. $1. Silver nil-
mp». .V>c. All work done, by ORADCATB DEX-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years" experience, and
rach dTHrtmer.t In charse of a specialist. Gtvn
us a call, ar.'i yon will find us to do exactl;
as we ailvprtiso. We will tell you In advaao
etaetly what ronr work will cost by a FREJ
EXAMINATIONS
New York Denial Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE POP.TLAND. OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
I do not bellere there
J^vls^tF !^-** ! H u a case °^ rfy3p«T>-
. sia ' in<liz*»stion cr
j ,§&/ iplafc. an^ 'tomach trouble
5«T J^sf^ a^ cannct fc® **"
ez9 s*jSjt Itemed at one* and
\1 *r-£? A tr.¥5zf permanently curod
\T W~aT by my DYSPEPSIA
MtJNTON.
At all -drnginsts.
*V?i i <fe*--J.«i r ?-< ! S 2 " c - a TiaL Guif!e
k Vf to Health an<! medi-
1 f- cal adrice free. 1505
i • ¦ ' • . r ¦ "... ¦„* Arch street, Phila.
| -
LADD'S GUN STORE,
Ks?^Ss2^^* J **^ 1Z1 Kearny street. 8. F.. for
lEtS"*^ Flsh!ns Tackle and Sporting
Goods: Tfcr- larzest stock on
i tne Pacific Coast of every description. Saad 1
j eent3 In postage stomps {or the laXMt N-w*
i illustrated catalogue. No. 4
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Fr!c3 Lists Mall ;:
on Application.
~ ATTORNEY.
F. H. MER7BACH, lawyer. 503 Ca!..Clunle bd
COAL. COK.H ANO W3 BJOX
r r- V, II ii.V C m 900 Battery Street.
J. C- " iLi I? -* & CW-. Telephone Main 1S£4.
COPPER ?-MlTH.
c \L' CUITH £1~"P Plumbing. Steamboat and
L-H- Mull si. Ship Work a specialty. IS an:
JS WaFhinrton eL Telephone Main 5641.
ELEC1RJCAL.
P. P. W ASS. Electrlcal EKgtneCT . 36 East St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS,
nr rnvnc C ri\ Shipping Eutchers. io«
JAS- EO I ES CC CU- Clay Tel. Main ISt.
OALVAMZINU AND METALS.
iirr & Dealer In Btetala & Galvanizing. JOH.\
FINN METAI. WORKS. 2X5 Howard Bt.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 25<-. Robin.- -»n Ciiem. Co.. 11C9 Howara.
Extra linotype and et*rwtyp« metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 117-9 first Bt.. San Francisco.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OII-S. LEONARD & EL-
LIS. 41$ Front tit.. R. F. Phone Main 1719-
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating OU». Schneider's Mlnln?
Candlps. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. i Front, B. F.
paujfi * i.
E- C BCGRES. hi £SSS%. s. f.
PRINTERS. BOOKEINDERS.
THE 11ICKS -JUDD CO..
S3 nr»t at.. San Francisco.
STATIONED AND PK1NTK*.
3 .^ PARTRIDGE ** < *ff£T to
ft Hifti ASH STEAM COAL, &e e black
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at it* GREEN
RIVER COLLIEIUES. Is the Bent Coal In the
market. Office and Yards — ii3 Main street.Two Drowned Men Found.
The bodies of two drowned men were
found floating In the bay yesterday morn
lntr. One was identified uh that of Benja
min Alberg. the colored lad of 17 years
who wive run down by the eloop Ida two
weeks ago, and the other was that of an
unknown white man of middle ag»,'
Thf reg-alar monthly meeting: of the
"Woman's Franchlso Organization . was
held yesterday afternoon In the Red
Men's Hall on Post street, Mrs. Clara I.
Long presiding. The principal business
of the afternoon wa» the reading cf the
report of the committee on progress of
Government work.
Monthly Meeting of Suffragists.
Intervention in the Pfluger Case.
R. & H. Hall, limited, filed an interven
tion yesterday ln the United States Dis
trict Court in the libel of the L. E. White
Lumber Company vs. the bark J. C.
Pfiugcr and others to recover t7r.OO as
damages to a cargo of flour on board the
Pfluger when sho returned to port re
cently ln a disabled condition.
Of th* n«ji» BUDWETEEH Is such as to tempt
rnary bretsrenn to attempt Its use on Inferior
brands. The U. S. court* h«.ve ErcordPd that
rarrie esclufively to the Anheueer-Uuech BUD
wrasrn trend. E. <3. Lyons Co.. Ban Fraa
cIeco, Wholerale iJealer.
The Popularity
Contests Daug-hter's Will.
A contest to the will of the late Eva
F. Craig; who dl<»d February 20. leaving
an estate valued at $10,000. was filed yes
t- rday by her fathr-r, J. P. AlcMurry.
The contestant alleges that his daughter
lived ln illicit relationship with Samuel P.
Hod well for several years prior to her
d»ath and that ehe was unduly Influ
enced by Bodwcll to discriminate against
the contestant.
Axnertran and hear Rags, crepe paper
«~ut in ribbons. festooning. bunting.
Khle)di» and stars are the things used and
are for tale by Sanborn. Vail & Co., 7U
llarket street. •
Everybody Decorating.
The annual m'-moria.I ?'X'-rrlsefl for
James A. Garfield will be held at Golden
G:ite Park at 2 o'clock the afternoon of
September 23. A Joint committed from
the various Grand Army p-jjus ha* been
iifpointed to arrange f.>r the affair. At
1:30 there will be a parade, in which all
the I'n'.ted StaU-s troop? then \r. the city
find the naval fun-e^ from the Iowa and
Marc Island will tak* part. At the exer
cises to be held at the lutse of the monu
ment there will be speeches by General
FhafUT, Mayor Ph» !an. Senator Perkins
and oth< rs.
Garfield Blomorial Day.
MufIc by stringed Instruments and
punch by artists ln another line will aid
in the frirnds of Goldberg,
Biw^n & Co., v^ho will celebrate their
<jo!df»n Jul>ilf<' on Saturday evening at
tlioir own home. N'o. 2.?2 Sutter. You are
invited to the promenade at S. •
At Home Concert.
IT. A. Kraujp, a rubber stamp maker
and secretary of a fraternal organization,
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday
for sentence on a charge of obstructing
the sidewalk. He read a long written
statement protesting against his convic
tion. The Judge said he was a "natural
born disturber," and fined him $50, with
the alternative of fifty days ln Jail.
Krause Would Not Move On.
i Martha A. Caldeirwood Granted a Sec
ond Decree — Doings in the
Divorce Court-
Martha A. Calderwood has been twice
] divorced from Peter C. Calderwood,
' though she married him but once. Mrs.
; Calderwood married her former husband
September 20, 1SS6. In March of 1899 she
j liled suit for divorce and on January 16
I la?t Judge Seawell awarded her a decree,
the custody of a minor child and alimony
in the sum of $25 a month. Subsequently
I it wits discovered that the issuance of.
! summons in the divorce proceedings was
i Irregular. The decree wan set aside, new
i Ftimmons vas issued und the case attain
i tried yesterday. For the second time Mrs.
I Calderwood was awarded a decree of dl
! vorce on the pround of failure to pro-
I vide. She anticipates no further trouble
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were also granted
yesterday to Susan S. Martens from Fred
erick I. Martens for failure to provide:
Manuela Dobs from Frank Dobs for de
sertion; Jessie Babbe from Frank Babbe
! for desertion, and Joseph Bender from
| Anna \V. JJendf-r fnr desertion. Suits for
j divorce were filed by Charlotte A. Row-
I land aralnst T. J. Rowland for cruelty:
: Ivouis Goz against Maria Goz for Infidel
ity; William de Carteret against Jessie
de Carteret for cruelty; Alice Flgone
against John Fipone for failure to pro
vide; Georpe Andro against Luna Andro
j for Infidelity, and Armida Bertocchl
I against Giovanni Bertoechi for cruelty.
WAS TWICE DIVORCED,
THOUGH MARRIED ONCE
THE cr-nduet of th<» Democratic Coxinty Committee in the recent primary
(lection has cost that organization at least one good, member. Yester
day T. J. Fitzsimmons maiUd 10 Chairman Jasper McDonald the fol
lowing letter announcing his resignation as a member of the com
mittee:
RAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 6, 1900.
Jasper McDonald Es"i.. chairman of the Democratic County Committee— Sir: I
her*-liy tender my resignation as a rarmlwr of the Democratic County Commlttte« of
San FVanf-isco. of which you are the chairman, as my bu?lne*s will not permit me to
take an active :iart In the conduct of the affairs which calls for the attention of that
bail'.
As a further and rrinclpal reason for my resignation. I would mention the
action of the I>-mr>cratic County Committee in the conduct of the recent primary elec
tion which I consider to be dir-srracpful to the point of eclipsing any primary election
hi Id !n this city under the most baneful i«^litical combines ln the past, and as I re-
Curd 5r>l?-resi>ect rs raram >unt to affiliation with a public organization which so far
tr-efXs its duty to the public as to resort to methods which should brinu the blush
of thiffif to the cheeks of the most criminal political manipulators, and as I regard
that action as a direct attempt to disfranchise a great body of the voters of the city.
I mun in?lFt on this resignation taking cfTect Immediately, as I cannot retain mem
bcrahlp in your organization and at th» same time retain my manhood. I refuse
to be vat/im a party to proceedings which my judgment condemns ar calculated to
disintegrate the iJ.^mocratic party. Respectfully. T. J. FITZSIMMONS.
Judpe Tr^utt Issued an order on Mr?.
Pnnohue ps requested ar:<3 put the hear-
In? of th<» ras<> r,\-f>r for a week. If In the
meantime Mrs. liornhup refuses to i>er
mtt Mrs. MfManup to «¦"«" h*>r children
p!ie muet answer for contempt of court.
Mrs. McKanus Seeks to Punish Her
ZVIother end Procures Court
Order.
Mr?. Mary H. UcMancu, who conducts
a lodglnc-boUM at Golden Oate, an Oak
land rutmrb, appeared before Judpe
Troutt yesterday to force her petition for
an order by means of which she hopes to
pop h<rr children, who are at present repid-
Inj with Mrs. Donohuc. mother of Mrs
McMaaua, "n Alvarado etreet.
Tars. McMinui pays the chMdrfn are
ktpt from her by lx r paront npcause she
is unable Jo supply her mother's constajit
demand for mosey for thrir Purport. Mrs
McM&nus «>xh!r>it.-d a roll of voucher* evi
d^ncinp \\v> fart that she has done all
the can fiir h^r children. K. B. Mc-
Manus. who at one time wns purser of
th<» steamer Colon, In her husband and
phe pays he has long neglected 10 aid
nor.
DENIES HER DAUGHTER'S
RIGHT TO SEE BABIES
FITZSIMMONS RESIGNS
FROM COUNTY COMMITTEE
/! f=^ J KOROE DE FOREST RICHARDS.
U<5ov<>rnor of Wyoming, arrived in
the city yesterday and is at the
Occidental; H*» is accompanied by
Adjutant General Frank II. Stizen, Colonel
A. P. Hanson and wife. Major Thomas
Wilhelm. Captain P. Covert and wife ana
Captain Patrick Sullivan, constituting his
staff, and Miss H. Warren and n;ald. MIf.s
Warren is the daup-hter of United States
Senator Warren of Wyoming and cornea
here with Governor Richards to christen
the great battleship Wyoming, whteh Is
to be launched frcm the Union Iron works
to-morrow morning.
Governor Richards is a close student ot
the political conditions existing in the sec
tion of country lying between the great
prairies and the Pacific sl«>pe. and what he
has to eay resrardir.f? the situation in that
part of the country pertaining: to the Pres
idential election will not be pleasant read-
Ing for William Jennings Bryan or his fol
lowers.
. "The re has been a remarkable change
of political views in the inter-mountain
States during the past iour years," said
Governor Richards last evening. "The
most striking revulsion of sentiment has
developed within the last two years, and
Bt the present tim<? the anti-Bryan ele
ment is growing with astnundini? rapidity.
Four years ngo Mr. Bryan made a clean,
decisive sweep of the mountain States.
and everything was 'free silver. 1<> to 1.'
Two years afro I headed the hopeless Re
publican ticket atrainst the Kr«-at Bryan
majority of the two years previous and
carried the State with a good, comfortable
majority, every candidate on the Repub
lican ticket bc-iner elected.
"T'tah and Idaho will swfnp into the Re
publican line In good shape, and I would
not be surprised if Montana voters recov
ered their senses and adopted the same
course. Kansas will give a tremendous
majority for McKlnley. The farmers of
that preat State have never before l>een
so prosperous, and they are not looking
for a rh;mge cf conditions. The mort
gages they were compelled to place on
their properties under the Democratic ad
ministration have been paid off and they
now have money in the hank. Why should
they not stay with the party that brought
them prosperity? Colorado is good guesn
ingr ground, and I have a ¦wager of $300
to $*j0 that McKlnley will pet the electoral
vote. My reasons for so thinking are that
inf '96 Bryan carried the State by 140,000,
and two years ago 4 .iis plurality was
pulled down to 40.000. The wonderful
growth of McKlnley clubs throughout the
State and the rush of voter? to join them
leads me to think that it will not be so
difficult to overcome that latter plurality.
I have many prominent political friends
in Nebraska, and they have the courage to
say that they think Bryan will be beaten
in his own State, and that if he wins it
will be by a majority that will be a hu
miliation. However, I am not so sanguine
as all that, notwithstanding he has to go
apainst the splendid bupiness conditions
that have been developed under the Mc-
Kinley administration.
"The OopIioI trud in Kentucky may cn<<t
up that State, and we may lose Maryland,
but the ir.ter-mountain States will more
than offset any such losses. "We had a
majority of ninety-six in the electoral col
)c£r> four years ago, and 1 do not think
that figure will be reduced. In other
words. I am most confident that William
McKlnley will be the next President and
that we will have four years more of gen
uine prosperity. If the voters of the coun
try have any semblance of brains left they
will not place a mnn who has ever been
n conpiFtent :»rtd thorough business and
professional failure at the holm to guide
the destinies of so ,000 ,000 people, and they
will not do it."
Contest Instituted by Dr. M. M.
Shearer to Decedent's Will Is
Formally Dismissed.
IVvifees under the last w'.U of the late
m \. Piper are currying out their
di'f rjriir.atiorj to prevent a contest of lh<?
testament. The Fpeed with which the d©
- . fTfct coitipromi^es with clalmanis
i Innovation in the settlement of es
tates i:i the local courts. The contest re
rf-nily i:;s!it'!t«'.1 by V*r. M. M. Shfnrer.
n <-»u«in ot decedent, n ho resides !n Fonn
rria. wa? formally dismissed yesterday.
Attorrieys Heller and I'owers. represent
ing the ' li 0 Trust Company, exeruior
f the Pipor v.'ill. appeared In court ta
for<-e thr-ir rt<»ft=r.«t> t" Dr. Shearer's con
test. Attorney Heller, however, •was
F'rved with a Ftinu'.ation dismissing tV
pontest. Th ; ? stipulation was signed by
I'r. Shearer's counsel, C. W. Cross an.l
rhar^^ 'I. Kane. Dr. Shearer's claim wns
r.ol eettKml by the executor of the -w-lll or
It? atlorneys. Negntia':or.s we-re directly
conduct^! with the represent ei
': Attorney Culllean. .in Eastern law
«er. Neither Mr. H.iU-r nor Mr. Powers
rould g1*"e any information as to the
term* of the c^mr'r^.mlse. C. W. Cro^s
rpf.is^d to give The fiprres. hut it in f-aid
r. Ph.arer wa« raid f 20 .000 to dismiss h!s
cor.test.
An anpllrnr«nn to t-rll the personal
property <~>f '.Ytf estate "to pay exppr.sm
cf adminlstratioa, collateral Inheritance
p.nd Halted P'ntrs revenue war tnxc?"
«ras frrnntp'l by tho <-r.urt. The Union
Tru*t <""mpar!v !.« in piF(=o«=«;lon nf t37 -
r.-tp.r<» mnrirvs. but S7."».f«!V> rnore. :t
¦vrns stated. v.;:> nece*Mry for exprr.s^s <tf
Hdmiristration. All of the <-.«tate interepts
local comoratlonn, n<«iway and United
States t»nr<!<i w-i'.l b« pr.M.
r><--<-*-^*nt'5! natural f...". Pr^fleiic T^'il
" : r!m Aikon. fost th*> f«=:nte shout 1200,000
Dr. Bhearer BO.O00 and th«> total ex^^ns^s
< *. r..irni' iF'r.iTion. ac-oj-fiir.g: to thf> a«
1 rtiomi 'n the nrinWcs'ir.n to «=oll the p«r-
I'T'^r^r^r^r^y. «rfll fr-, L up an addition-il
? iv/ti-i f, r more.
ANOTHER PIPER HEIR
RECEIVES HIS SHARE
GEORGE DE FOREST RICHARDS, GOVERNOR OF •WYOMING.
The 'M':l: account of Ifpnry T. Scott an.)
Charlos E. <;r>«>n as ipiar-Jians of the p*r
md estate >if .Jennie Adeline Crocker
irles Texnpletoo Crocker was tiled
\*.::. Suige Coffey y«.»sterdav\
]"..¦¦ r«o :;>:> on securities and oili.r
••rti'-s ¦ r the estate .if Jennie Adeline
< r ¦ ¦ .'' 'i":i::g Lhe period covered by :h<_'
., . ¦: .. amounted to ?*"2.."M T7, v hich
• '•..- b*taae« as sUown by tXle
rill arcouat, j*tii.C^ 76. increases tfie
t -.1 receipts to *S34,>"7 47. The total
v ¦ .-.. .:•<. whicb Inciudfl many items
I r -¦ ¦: ! r th« >«iui;g lady's amu.-e
iij. :::. ponies, phaeton*, riding: Jessuiijs.
v.i!.. ! .-,:> and gownc, amounted to
:: ¦ -t l_hi» >um Miss Crocker rt.fl
vauced $"'i£y jO U> purchase wedding .pn-s-
I i .iary Crocker-Harrison, her
. Charles TVmpleion Crocker. a<i
.: an iHjual nmoait. Mrs. A. M.
ilayton'e disbursements for traveling cx
) • :.m-:- amounted i:~»!" tho thousands and
Included. It co«t Miss Crocker $:*) for
; • ¦.: .i.i<!:i repair* lo a nsu,«:c box. $7 fur
ir. M ...s. j:4 :i"i for cakes. $16 10 f<>r ice
it arn. f» fcr a. new hat fur tht' eoaonman.
I.v: i< ; whisky and a sir.a!! fortune for
I u young lady also advanced
OS fcr ' : '" j i Bharen «tf the Southern 1'a
. .*. ¦ Compaay and (U3.7S0 for Mexican In
umuitiona.1 liailroaci bonds.
The total r*-<--»i;>!s sliown by the account j
< :' Charles Tempieton CrocSter amount to j
! •¦ .' .»nd the disbursements to J3O.-I
:_".• :•<*. Maetfr Crocker j.aid out rauch j
money far music end othor lessons and j
I;i< y<!>« and n church nub»criptiona.
Some of the Interesting Uses to
Which Tucir Wealth Is Put Set
Fortii in Guardian's Ac
count.
Younger Sister and Brother
Expand Over Twelve
] housand Dollars.
MARY CROCKER'S
WEDDING GIFTS
FROM HER HOME
September 5. .Superintendent "Webster
signed the demand as he believed that
Knowlton was illegally- displaced. The
board also sent \Veb.«tnr the demand of
Selden Sturgis for August, he having
been transferred from the John Swett
School and assigned to the Everett dur
ing Knowlton's temporary suspension.
Webster refused to sign Sturgis' demand
and also that of Mrs. Bigelow. who was
nsslgned to The vice prlncipalshlp of the
John Swett School in Pturgis' place.
ings, as he declined to enter upon any re
buttal of alleged charges, which he as
serted have no legal existence or status
under the law until the Superintendent of
Schools has created them. He therefore
¦withdrew from any prop .-sed investisnt on
or trial not authorized by the law. lie,
however, rend a statement in reply to
Mrs. Banning's report, which wa? aiso
read. In it she spraks favorably of the
quality of instruction piv<>n by Knowitnn,
of his punctuality, regularity of attend
ance and of the appearance of written
work presented for imitation by his pu
pils. To offset these qualifications Mrs.
Banning stated that Knowlton did not
hold pupils responsible for work assigned;
that the written homework was not col
lected for day3 at a time and when col
lected was frequently not examined at all,
or in a cursory manner: that the course
of ptudy was not carefully followed, the
study of drawing having been entirely
omitted during the present year; that in
oral recitation Knowlton poured forth a
constant stream of information, come of it
valuable but much that was irrelevant,
relating largely to his personal expe
riences and to subjects not fit for discus
sion in the schoolroom; that Knowkon's
records of pupils' work seemed to be based
entirely on dally recitations, on estimates
of ability and not of actual performance.
Knowlton then read his reply, in which
he denied the allegations made by Mrs.
Rannlng. In his plea that the board had
no jurisdiction Knowlton said:
"Although in the presence of a body
whose senior ciember plainly and publicly
announced no longer ago than yesterday
that 'this body is a law unto itself and
makes its own rules.' the respondent ven
tures to call its attention to a Supreme
Court report, which says that 'rules
adopted by the Board of Education can
not control the provisions of the statute
and are immaterial in determining the
statutory rights of the teacher.' "
Denmon took exception to the first part ;
ot the remark and springing excitedly to
his feet declared that he had never made
the statement that the board was "a law
unto itself."
"I took it down verbatim In shorthand."
retorted Knowlton, "mid I dare you ro
deny it." (
Knowlton then stat«d that the board
had no just statutory ground of suspen
sion; that the report made no charges of
Incompetency, though this was assigned
as the cause of suspension in the chair
man's notice; that no legal power or au
thority decreed the .-juspension; that th*-
Supreme Court forbad^ such suspension
by such authority; that, though the prin
cipal's "unsatisfactory " report was dated
June 20, U00, Knowlton was not notltled
of it until July 2S. Knowlton then asked
that the board revoke or rescind his sus
pension.
The board declined to do po, but was
apparently doubtful us to the proper
method of procedure and went into exec
utive session to talk It over. Superin
tendent "Webster contended that the board
had no legal right to try Knowlton and
that he alone was clothed with power to
formulate charges against a teacher. The
board thought otherwise and began its
open session by putting Mrs. Banning on
the stand. She testified that she had re
lieved Knowlton because he had mixed
classes by sending children weekly Into
other classes. . After hife class was re
duced he made no effort to teach draw
ing. She identified a package of drawing
cards which it is alleged Knowlton had
Indorsed as the work of his class to b(>
the work of the previous year. Knowlton
attempted to deny that he had so in
dorsed the papers, but ns he had with
drawn from the case he was not permit
ted to reply. The matter was then taken
under advisement.
A peculiar fa^t in connection with the
Knowlton suspension was uncovered by
Superintendent "Webster. Knowlton's sai
nry demand of $125 as vice principal of
the Everett School 'or August was al
lowed by the hoard as his suspension by
Chairman Mark was not confirmed until
Charges Are Heard, Notwithstanding
Superintendent Webster's Claim
That Directors Have No -
Jurisdiction.
The Board of Education took up the
consideration yesterday of the unfavor
able report fllpd against Vice Principal
Knowlton by Mrs. Banning, principal of
the Everett Grammar School, which re
sulted ln the former's temporary suspen
sion.
After a two hours" session, which was
principally devoted to the cross-examina
tion of Mrs. Banning, the board took the
matter under advisement and after hold
ing an executive session will announce its
decision in a few days. Knowlton was
present but took no part in the proceed-
Knowlton Is Tried by Board
of Education Against
His Protest.
TAKE UP CASE
OF SUSPENDED
VICE PRINCIPAL
INTER-MOUNTAIN STATES
WILL DESERT W. J. BRYAN
Governor Richards of Wyoming Tells
of Great Political Changes in
Silver Districts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1900.
ICelth'e cpftnlne, Friday. Saturday, Sept.
7. t>. Keith's i>attern hnie, bonn«t«. mil
linery nweltlea. Keith'*. 808 Market St.,
1'bclaa building. •
8
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN—ESTABLISHED 1881
21^^^!^©^ "We have gained our pres-
.^wi^vS^-ro^S:^-^^^ %=l$\. r ' nt fiicrli standinK by euriry
jj^^c&j^iifiJ^j^i^^-^JsSSa ;S"^5iSfc»r>^ diseases and weakness not
/^f^S^i^^^^^?^!*^S?i£bs=|\ only in their earlier stases,
/^^^S^^^^lsiip^ ¦^^i^^^l but th °se which had liwnmp
" a^ many years' expe-
$*&&%&?///>' rlence in hospitals, general
/<&^0&%'£%>' practice and as specialists ln
&*>&"*!%%' iiV'j "^^^5 curing- diseases aoid weak-
vi b ?'>i ¦ "^^^SUfJJ/ *eS$»£& n "Pondent men, young or old,
. \ . \ji0ii'' I '" °^ * Cauee °f their trouble.
' \ » I j. <v$f -^' e mj ister wasting weak-
'/ \\iirf. 'v'* 1 / I >a Y^S ness, unnatural drains,
//y^< iiLwV'i/f I '>»^5^^yiii^^w /• ' oss es, etc., quickly and per-
TO^iri W^m^^^^^P^^^/^ tmd contracted diseases,
ding - cont ° i!ious
PW0' "V S^WW^^^Ty^^^ Vaiicocele ' tydrocele, rup-
/ \^liK^ ; ture> piles » diseases ° f th °
W)f kid ney, spine, bladder,
PftftARBSf nfSftVH f^Aft Our reputation is the best We
uOnSuIIailOn n68'to!; opuIarb " auseweurcourpfi
Any one doubting our ability and wishing to test our methods, rem-
edies and appliances may deposit the price of a cure in any bank in San
Francisco. If a cure is not effected in a reasonable time the bank
will return the money. Payments may be made in monthly installments
it preferred. Prices reasonable, alike to rich or poor
731 Market Street ¦»«¦ "^^MT
6AN PHANCISCO. -BNTBANQ3 s un dayVH> to II .
AMUSEMENTS.
THE BEST THAT VAUDEVILLE AFFORDS.
SPECIAL, JUBILEE^ MATINEE TO-DAT.
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 7.
Parquet. 25c, Any Keat: B&lccny, 10c: Children,
10c, Any Part Except Reserved.
HOWn, WALL AND WALTERS.
Gertrude Mansfield an! Caryl Wilbur.
Westman and Wren. Frances Kepp'er.
THE YOSCARY TROUPE.
Lavender and Thomson.
Mr. and Mrs. Tobin.
LEW HAWKINS,
flMERICftNBlOGRAPH.
JESSIE "BARTLrfT"DAVIS.
TICKETS NOW ON SALE.
SPECIAL JUBILEE MATINEES
To-morrow. Saturday and Sunday. Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday Following.
K'^S^A *******
EVERT **l«t*T I\r-|,rnT\T, SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATtTKDAY.
CI^A\ L. R
CLEMENT and STOCKW^LL,
Anil a Strong Company ln an Adaptation of
Charles Dickens' and Wilkte Collins*
"NO THOROUGHFARE,"
Cnder the Title of
A GREAT OBSTACLE
Next Week— ReKlnnlni; With Monday Matinee, i
Clay Clement's Idyllic Comedy,
"THE NEW DOMINION."
HOLIDAY MATINEES MONDAY AND
TUESDAY.
PRICES 11. 75c, SOc, 35c and 25c.
BOX AND LOGE SEATS $1 50
GRAND OPrTr?A HOUr 1^
MATINEES TO-MORROW, SUNDAY, MON-
DAY and TUESDAY.
Last Three Nl*hts of WILTON LACKAYE. -
THIS Evening and Balance of Weeks.
Commencing Monday Evening— "QUO VADIS."
EVENING PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c. SOc; a f*w
Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c. MATINEE
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c (no higher).
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
TWO ENORMOUS OPERATIC TRIUMPHS!
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY EVENING.
Verd!"« (Jreui Tragic Opera,
MATINEE TO-MORROW and SUNDAY
NIGHT.
Blzet'e Immortal "Work,
"CARMEN."
1SEXT WEEK— EVERY EVENING,
"Cavailena" and "Pagliacci."
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 50c
Telephone, Bush 9.
Eddy and Jones sts Phone South 770
"Christie Pull "em Down." Magnificent suc-
cess. Every evening. Matinees Saturday and
Sunday. Special matinee Tuesday, September
11. Magnificent spectacular revival of. the
nautical, farcical success,
WOYM
FERRIS HARTMAN
And a great ca«t. Attractive chorus of E0 sing.
InK voices Elaborate costumes— magnificent
stage Bettings. Up to the moment. Seats now-
ready— 15c. 25c. 35c. 60c.
CHUTES ANDj:00. E -/AX 9B
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
SEABURY, HIGH DIVER.
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS, COMMENCING
, TO-MORROW,
AQUATIC SPORTS ON THE LAKE.
JUBILEE CAKEWALK AT NIGHT.
MONDAY NIGHT-GRAND FIREWORKS
DISPLAY.
. Telephone for Seat. Parks 23.
AMUSEMENTS
AT
TANFORAN PARK
Sept. 24 (0 Oct. 6, 1900
UNDER MANAGEMENT OT THI
SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN MATEO
AGRICULTURAL ASS'N
To the livo-Rtock breeders of CalifornU, ta
well as to the lovers of outdoor sports this
Exhibition Is dedicated.
The attractions will include:
A High-Class Open-Air Morse Show.
Select Herds of Prize Cattle.
A Complete Exhibit of Swine, Sheep, Ooats.
Poultry and Belgian Hares.
Extraordinary show of Dogs.
Attractive exhibit of high-class Vehicles and
other industrial displays from leading manu-
facturers of the State.
The out-door sports will embrace Polo Games
between players from Southern and Central
California for Championship. Pony Races.
Long Distance Race of 2S miles by noted riders.
Change of horses oach mile ln full view of Grand
Stand.
i GRAND ATHLETIC FIELD DAY
CLUB HARNESS RACING
KICK-CLASS TROTTING AND PACING
In which the Great Stars of the East and West
will meet and make World's records.
All in all the entertainment trill be clean,
dlgnlQed and Instructive.
GRAND MUSICAL CONCERTS DAILY
Excellent railroad facilities by both regular
and special trains to Grand Stand entrance.
Entertainment each day from 10 :0) a. m. until
B :00 p. M.
11E5RT i. CROCKER, Frr.!Jr«»
6KOKGK ALXER XK1TH1LL, 3««rcUi7
SDrtI.1 r. 8JI1TII. tira.nl ¦¦¦•««¦
TANFORAN PARK.
ENTRIES FOR PRIZES IN
ALL DEPARTMENTS,
Including the Bench Show,
WILL CLOSE ON MONDAY,
September 10.
DOG SHOW ENTRIES AT PARLOR "A."
Palace Hotel; All Others "With
EDWIN F. SMiTH. General Manager.
2054 SANSOM- STREET.
TO-NIGHT fesgtl^Uyy'l See the
Children's Wa!k! "A
Nisht SsZUiJli F!pe
' lifTinnmi K ' e P h "" t;
AND NIGHTLY at 8:30 SHARP
PAIN'S $1000 FIREWORKS!
To-morron— DEMOCRATIC NIGHT!
Folsoin and Sixteenth Sts. Grounds.
SEATS FOR 10.000.
Seats. 23c and SOc; Reserved. 73c and $1
Children, this week only. 15c and 25c
Seats and Boxes at Sherman & ClaVs.
TWO MONSTER
FIREWORKS DISPLAYS
FREE!
GIVEN BT TH^^CELKBHATIOK
$2500 Naval Fireworks Display on
the Bay Saturday Night. Sept. 8.
$2K ° S !T ihT^t^^^^
Monday Night. September 10th.
at «Ji h Sj r / actory ln South San Fmnilsrof
thVt wm™ ftr * P roml8 * d a pyrotechnic treat
that will compare favorably with the most
elaborate Eastern productions
FISCHER'S CO NCERT HOUSE.
Admission 10;.
HnwflS 5 V. Pea l' . Hlck man. Dutch Walton.
Howard & Campbell and New Moving Pictures.
Reservtd Seats. 25c; Matinee Sunday.
OPEN SU ' rRX> B "HS.
""CN NIGHTS.
OP n n .w. atl3r , from 7 *• m ' t<> 11 P. «.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing; including admlMton, Sic; Children. JOc.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW and SUNDAY.
Beautiful, Co«tly Production.
"The fflasqueraders"
NEXT WEEK-SEATS NOW READY—
EXTRA MATINEES MONDAT AND
TUESDAY, S*Dt. 10-11.
Seata Now Ready.
THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME.
1CS Grove Street. Phone South 324.
TO-NIvJHT. all this week. with matlneea
Saturday and Sunday. First time on any
stare- CAPTAIN JACK CRAWFORD'S pal
Border Drama. Illustrating his life on the
frontier, entitled. "OX— THE— TRAIL."
; General Shafter has loaned Capt. Crawford
four of the Government's greatest scouts, who
are now en route to China. Besides a strong
cast there will Indians, Cowboys, Packrnules
etc. Prices. 10c. 20c. 30. X EXT- "Bottom of
the Sea."
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that theso
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to (articular people— undoubted luxury an<i
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and servlca
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
ffit^jaTllk. San Francisco. Aug. 28. 1300
P*Sj*J To Whom It May Concern
I \T Th Is Is to certify that I havw
H r* a sufferlnt for several y»ars
£),* y past from dlsorJered stomach.
\fc*— •%. liver and kidneys. In addition.
I b<>cani* almost totally h!;r,i
¦rtrgSSsPijWy 1 was under the r^re of the
TtRX "¦?"'• sAV mr ' st «mlner.t oculists in this
'BtittiLkMW city for about three years I
was not benefited In the least by their treat-
ment. I have been under the treatment of Dr.
Wong Woo. 784-66 Clay street, for the past six
weeks, and though I am now 7* years of age mv
sight has been restored through his treatment
Of the stomach, and I feel as well a» at any
time during the past ten years.
JOS. E. WATKTNS.
S33 Third street. S. F.. Cal.
f "DR.PiERCES
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOO.UVER.LUMGS.
t*jflin^)^ m * m^^yl remedy for Uonorrhrea,
ifciiiSiJ^CCaEoHiS P'eet, Spsrnitnrrhce*,
jffgS&T in I to i**T<>-72\ Wl ' itfi nnn»t|:'«l !ls>
•Wj*. Oair»at»«J U charges, or »nr taur--^Ti!W
M"to] ooi ta iiri«iarv tion, , irritation or nicer**
JM^i ¦"rirenw eostscioa. tion o( oqcodi men*
K!? rHEE*AN3CHEHmuC0. bran's. Mao-astrlngent.
\gsAcmc:HMTi.o.t?^l Soltl oy »»™«s*»«*.
T&biTV , — . * TKNror aent ia plain wr<»Fr«r,
DDTTCIirO FOR BARBERS. BAK-
fjft LI tjil GiU ers. bootblacks, bath-
imUkJliUW h ,,,, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, randy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
\£^3?U MAR "-TsV. S.F <^S§^
IA/. T. HESS,
uotabt pj3«ia AXi ATToasar-ir-Liw.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldz.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California st., below Powell.
San Francisco.
j f\ I PF D HI! II Cor n«" Fourth and
I ALL U I I V A I Mark «- S F. Try
I 111 I nil I 111 our Special Brew
Valises checked frc».
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONOitRKOKA. liUtKTi
BTKICTUftES and analagous complaint* uf tl»
Orcans cf Generation.
Prtc* II a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; give* health and
strength to sexual organs, tiopot. 23 Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| > : >
j Take advantage of your S. F. visit and get your wraps for ;
p winter while in the city. |
I We sell the best of good furs at the least of little prices. There
H is no economy in lack of quality and no sense in buying poor gar- J j
gj ments when better grades may be bought for less at a well estab- 3
g We sell for retail at about the same prices smaller dealers pay 9W. F. Ma gee: treasurer, A. N. Boyen;
financial secretary, George Murray; mar
shal. Stephen Richardson; trustees — L.
Smith. S. Herzog and Stephen Eden.
The following committee has chargo of
the 1900 celebration: J. Emmet Hayden
(chairman), W. S. Dreypolcher. A. E.
Scott. Judge F. M. Angellottl. Louis
Hughes. S. H. Herzog. W. J. Eden and
M. F. Cochrane.
The past presidents are Judgo P. M. An
gellotti, "W. F. Magee. George Murray,
Stephen Eden, Albert Boyen. Thomas J.
Fallon. W. J. Eden, Fred Hoffer, Harry
Smith. A. E. Scott, S. H. Herzogr. Loul3
Hughes, George K. Herzog. Bert Davis.
Thomas P. Boyd and M. F. Cochrane.
The parlor had originally arranged to
have headquarters In Mechanics' Pavilion,
but later decided to entertain In a sulto
of rooms In the Grand Hotel.
Arthur Castro Convicted.
Arthur Castro, who was caught by De
tectives Wren and Dinan operating with
a spring-lock pick, was convicted on a
charge of burglary in. the second degree
by a jury in Judge Dunne's court yester
day.
Keith's opening of French pattern hats,
bonnets and millinery novelties Friday.
Saturday, September 7 and 8. Keith's. 803
Market street, Phelan building. •
Leon Sloss haa petitioned for letters
testamentary upon the estate of the late
Samuel B. Matthews, who died August
2D, leaving an estate valued at $17,000.
Decedent's will was tiled with the petition.
Julia. E., James B.. and John Matthews,
heirs at law, and James A. Torrey are
named as devisees,.
The will of Benedetta Garassino. who
died August 4. was also tiled, for,pro
bate. Decedent bequeaths her en
tire estate, which is valued at 110,000. in
equal shares to her children— Nicola, Eliz
abeth. Luisa. Mary. Clara. Katy. John.
Pauline, Frank and Domenico Garassino.
Wills Filed for Probate.
Appeal Taken by Mrs. Rickard.
Mattie S. Spencer Rlrkard has filed no
tice of appeal to the Supreme Court from
Judge Bahrs' judgment holding her liable
for $57,741 66 due and unpaid on 650 shares
of the capital stock if the defunct Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank. Mrs. Rlckard
has paid the judgment under protest and
In event the Supreme Court reverses th**
Judgment of the lower court the mon«y
will be returned to htr.
The Knickerbocker Concert Company
gave an enjoyable entertainment at Y. M.
C. A. Hall last evening under the aus
pices of the Howard-street Methodist
Church Epworth League. The proceeds
will go to the 1901 convention fund. The
readings by Cyrus B. Newton proved a.
treat. Dr. R. W. Smith sang "O That We
Two Were Maying" and Roscoe W. Lucy
played the "Hungarian Rhapsody." Wil
liam J. Hynes was clever in a humorous
selection. The audience found plenty of
amusement in the "Old Cronies" sketch
by C. B. Newton and H. J. Jenkins. Th?
solos by L. A. Laraen, Miss Lillian Spmk
and Herbert Williams were well rendered
and the entertainment closed with "The
Serenade" by the nuartet.
The Knickerbocker Concert.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Arthur E. Magtll was
filed yesterday. Frank Von Rheln, M. M.
Miller and D. J. Toohy. the appraisers,
find the estate to b« worth J142.151 21.
Arthur E. Magill's Estate.
DECISION IS WITHHELD
IN MISS SIMPSON'S CASE
Women Who It Is Alleged Heard the
Nursa Say She Gave McCor
mick a Hing.
Judge Conlan did not give his decision
yesterday in the case of Miss Mae Simp
son, the nurse, accused of having robbed
the late Mrs. Jean La Roche of diamonds
and jewelery valued at $750. Miss Simp
son's hearing occurred Wednesday and
at Its close the Judge stated that he
would be ready to announce his finding on
Thursday, but soon after the case was
called yesterday it was given out ; thac
there would be still another"? postpone
ment. No reason was given by' the court,
but It leaked *out that the defense hopes
to foe able to locate the rest of the miss-
Ing jewelry and have It ready when the
case comes up to-day.
When the postponement was made thu
story circulated some time ago to the ef
fect that Miss Simpson had told two fe
male acquaintances she had given a dia
mond ring to Deputy Coroner McCor
mick again became subject for gossip.
The women to whom it is alleged this
statement was made are Mrs. S. Wilson
of 'jO6 Market street and Mrs. Margaret
Rensler of 837 Mission street. Both
women, when seen yesterday afternoon,
refused to either corroborate or deny the
story. "I have nothing to say to the
newspapers." said Mrs. Wilson.
"I am sure I cannot account for such an
absurd story," said Miss Simpson. The
jewelry was given me by Mrs. La Roche
before her death in return for my ser
vices as a nurse.
"If I knew who had that missing dia
mond ring I would not hesitate to tell the
police or, anybody else Interested. Why
should I give Mr. McCormick jewelry. or
anything else? He is nothing to me. I
know many things about Mrs. La Roche
which I do not propose shall be made
public. She was a good friend to me.
That accounts for some of my contra
dictory stories. But If these other peo
ple don't mind their own business and
stop trying to Injure me I may say some
thing that will be not altogether to their
likine."
Deputy Coroner McCormick denied hav
ing received a ring from Miss Simpson
Tour bosom friend, Gibson's tl shirt. 1204
Market st; white or colored; Just In. *
Pyrotechnic Portrait of the Club's
President and the Emblem
Features of the Evening.
Pain's "Battle of San Juan Hill" was
¦witnessed by an immense crowd last
night. The evening's performance was
dedicated to the Olympic Club, and in
honor of the event a Hery- winged "O" and
a portrait of William Greer Harrison in
blazing colors formed part of the pro
gramme. A great many members of the
club were present and showed their ap
preciation of the spectacle by prolonged
applause.
Prom the time of the capture and exe
cution of the Cuban spies to the storming
and final capture of the blockhouse on Sari
Juan Hill interest in the performance
never flagged. Beautiful combinations of
colors were formed in the skies, accom
panied by the reports of hundreds of ex
ploding rockets and immense bombs. The
specialties of the acrobats were all up to
date, and the "man of fire," who per
formed astonishing feats on the parallel
bars, was the cause of much laughter.
To-night will be children's night, when
the special features of the fireworks dis
play will be devoted to young America.
A walking pyrotechnic elephant will be
one cf the novelties.
OLYMPIC CLUB NIGHT AT
BATTLE OF SAN JUAN
Stolen From Locker While He Was
Exercising in Gymnasium
With Some Companions.
J. R. Curtis, a student, was robbed of a
valuable diamond pin while in the gym
nasium of the university at Berkeley yes
terday. Curtis with several other stu
dents was exercising in the gymnasium,
when some thief opened his locker and
abstracted the diamond pin from his
shirt. After discovering his loss Curtis
reported the theft to the Oakland police
and was advised by them to notify the
police of this city. He arrived here last
evening and gave a description of the pin
to Captain Seymour.
Curtis prizes the pin very highly, as It
was presented to him by his mother.
UNIVERSITY STUDENT
LOSES A DIAMOND PIN
—^ ARMEN" and "Ernani" nre being
f\J sung to crowded houses at the Tiv-
V^ cli, and much interest is being mani-
fested in the rival Carmens and
Michaolas that are alternating in
the parts. Next week, for the Native
Sons' celebration, it has been decided to
put on the favorite double bill "Cavalleria
Rustlcana" and "Pagliacci."
The Clay Clement-L. R. Stockwell en
gagement at the Columbia Theater is
proving an inviting attraction for a large
number of theater-goers who are Inter
ested in the dramatization of the Dickens
works. "A Great Obstacle," In which the
company is appearing, is from the novel
of "No Thoroughfare," and the produc
tion is one of many attractions. The stars
are well cast in the roles of Obenrelzer
and Joey Ladel and the remainder of the
cast is most satisfactory. "A Great Ob
stacle" is to remain the bill up to and
including Sunday night. Beginning next
Monday afternoon the company will ap
pear in a revival of the idyllic comedy
trom the pen of Mr. Clement, "The New
Dominion," in which Clement will appear
in his impersonation of the Baron von
Hohcnstauffon. The play is popular here
and should bring out some large audi
ences. There will be a second holiday
matinee on Tuesday. Seats for "The New
Dominion" will be ready to-day.
The Alcazar presents a worthy render-
Ing of "The Masqueradcrs," with Dorothy
Dorr and Howard Scott in the leading
roles. Next week "The Girl I Left Be
hind Me." ¦•:,;¦
At the Chutes and Zoo, Weston and
Herbert, Carroll and Sid Baxter are lead-
Ing- features.
Fischer's attractions Include Olive Vail.
Amos C. Cain, Anna Miller, Horace
Hanna, Pearl Hickman, Dutch Walton,
Howard and Campbell.
To-night Is Olympic Club night at Pain's
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
With Theresa Newfleld, He Has Be«a
Cited on Petition of David
Bernstein.
A citation has Issued out of the Superior
Court directing Mark Meter, executor of
the will of the late Marienne Bernstein,
and Theresa Newfleld to show cause why
he failed to Include five bonds of the
Southern Pacific Railway Company of
Arizona In the inventory of decedent's
effects. David Bernstein, decedent's son.
who petitioned for the Issuance of th»
citation, charges Meter with having con
spired with Theresa Newfleld "fraudulent
ly to embezzle the bonds and convert
them to their own use."
SAYS METER SCHEMED
TO WITHHOLD BONDS
'SHIP AHOY!" AT
THE ALHAMBRA
I HE opening of the Hartman season
st the Alharnbra Theater last even
ing In the nautical farce. "Ship
Ahoy!" was a distinct succ*ss~or
would have beon had there been
light enough to see it by. But this is an
ticipating.
ly.njr before the appointed hour of the
opening a cometlikA tall of Hartman ad
mirers waved Joyfully in the breezes of
Eddy str.-.r. bemieglng the box office un
der th« moonlit. Moorish arches of the
picture ;m- Alharr.bra. Laurel wreaths,
magnify •« -nt bouquets and floral pieces of
all kinds and conditions joined the pro
ceBsion, at.d with the rest of the crowd
6low1y found tl^ir way into the large
auditorium. Th* nmall boys deciding that
the flowers must be for Ffrrls — "he's all
right!"— ana the ladies divided between
the email boys' n» ro and that rice Oscar
Frank, who ii "the sweetest thing that
ever happened."
"Ship Ahoy:" is no great farce, nautical
or otherwise. It is a thing of shr*ds and
patches, loosely constructed^ and with but
the barest sugg>stion or a plan. But
there 1p »roo«J work don» by this company
at the Aihamtira, in spite of the unfa
vorable material. The chorus Is notice
e-bly good. The girls are all pretty, their
choruses excellently sung and their danc
in«r bright. cl*»v<»r and lively.
Of course our favorite comedian attract
ed the larger share of attention, though
the d« but cf Oscar Frank created no small
Ftir. Hartman. as the manager of the
"Oriole Opera Company," did his level
beet. Hi* topical hotik*. "Wasn't that a
eilly thing to say?" and "Did that ever
occur to you?" were encorr-d until he re
fused to ting again. Oncar Frank's debut
t': the part of Lieutenant Charles Lolly
4>-:p was a promising one. He has a. pleas-
Ing voice and wa» fairly smothered In
flowers by his appreciative friends.
The ladles— Mis? Hattio Bell Ladd, Miss
Julia Cotte and Miss Gertrude Wade
added to the success of the performance;
but the bright, particular star of the
evening was doubtless the calcium man.
eucb pranks the light played! First the
footlights winked, then went out alto
gether, alternating In parts during the
whole evening. The second act was
bravely played throughout in darkness,
th"* chorus and company outlined In vivid
silhouette against the azure skies, and
after it T.a? over the audience was left in
total darknoss.
"The light that failed," laughed some
on*. •'
"What dn»s it matter where there are
so many stars?" another replied.
Harry Samuels Concert.
Sherman & Clay Hall was crowded to
its mmojt capacity last evening by the
friends and admirers of Harry Samuels,
the violinist, and a most enthusiastic re
ception was accorded to the returned
muMeian. Mr. Samuels has gained much
since his last appearance In San Krai;
ci.«co. His twhnique Is brilliant, his in
tonation excellently true and his tone,
though larking in force, is smooth and
sweet. His instrument hardly seems to
do Mr. Famuels justice, and the thin, poor
tone that w;is occasionally evident was
possibly due to the inferior violin. Pro
fessor Herrnann Genss ably assisted the
violinist in the Schumann Sona.ta, op. 105,
though the piano was sometimes too
heavy for the light tone of the violin,
and Mr.=. Strelitz-Davis piayed a pieasa^.:
accompaniment to the Wieniawski Con
certo, No. 2, and the remainder of the
Wild Animal Inspectors Appointed
Alexander Craw, quarantine officer of
the State Board of Horticulture, and Lev
erett M. Loomis of the California Acad
emy of Sciences have been appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury as in
spectors of wild animals and birds at this
port. Persons . importing wild animals
may have the services of the appointees
on payment of a fee not to exceed $5 in
ordinary cases. The Secretary of the
Treasury states in a circular that im
porters arc not under obligations to em
ploy the inspectors, but by so doing may
save delay at the Custom-house.
Notice to Native Sobs.
Keep your baggage checks until you
reach San Francisco; you will save one
half In the transfer of your baggage.
One trunk (round trip), 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery—Oakland Ferry Depot,
659 Market street, 408 Taylor street. •
and said he did not believe she had maHe
the statement that she had given him one.
Battle of San Juan, and to-morrow "Chil
dren's night."
PAST PRESIDENTS H F LJNKENDEY. W. E. MULCREERY AND D. F. NUNAN OF NATIONAL PARLOR
WILL BE IX EVIDENCE TO-NTGHT AT THE RECEPTION TO BE GIVEN BY THE PARLOR TO ITS MEMBERS
AND LADIES IN THE TECHAU AUDITORIUM. MAX GLASS OF ALAMEDA PARLOR WILL BE IN THE CITY
TO LOOK AFTER THE ARRANGEMENTS THAT ARE TO BE MADE BY HIS PARLOR FOR THE ENTERTAIN
MENT OF MEMBERS AND GUESTS DURING THE FESTIVAL.
NATIONAL PARLOR ARRANGING TO TAKE
PROMINENT PART IN THE FESTIVITIES
mOUXT TAMALPAIS PARLOR
No. 64 of San Rafael was organ
ized on Joly 11, 1S85. It was the
first parlor organized in Marln
County, and has ever since its first day
of existence been in a prosperous condition.
The parlor has eighty names upon Its
roll, among its membership being the
most prominent and influential men In the
county. Mount Tamalpals Parlor has also
in its ranks the oldest native son In the
order— Stephen Richardson, born in 1S31.
Judge F. M. Angellottl, the charter presi
dent, and Sabrador Pacheco are of the
first names that appear on the parlor
charter. The officers of the parlor at
present are: Past president, J. Emmet
Hayden; president, C. M. Dufflcy; first
vice president, E. J. Connell; second vice
president, D. J. Haley; third vice presi
dent, Harry B. Hock; recording secretary.
The parade committee has completed
the arrangement of divisions for the big
parade. It provides for thirty-six divi
sions and assures a spectacle the like of
which has never been nwn in San Fran
cisco.' The first division will be composed
of regular and volunteer troops. Auto
mobiles will make up the last division.
A letter received from Stockton yester
day announces that Grand Orator McNo
ble Is rapidly recovering from the sudden
Chairman Kerrigan of the committee
having in charge the grand ball at the
Mechanics' Pavilion announces that invi
tations for members of Interior parlors
may be obtained at the office of Grand
Secretary Lunstcdt on Sunday. Applica
tion should be made by the president or
secretary of each parlor, and it will de
volve upon the officer receiving the invi
tations to make the individual distribu
tion. ¦:./'. ••<-.
Forty members of the San Diego divi
sion of the California Naval Reserve left
there yesterday for San Francisco. They
will reach here to-morrow and will re
main during the entire celebration.
The gunboat Ranger will leave Vallejo
for San Francisco Monday morning and
will carry four companies from the ma
rine barracks, f.iso one* company from the
Philadelphia. Ono company will join them
from the Iowa. Captain Perkins will be
battalion commander of the whole detach
ment.
Liberty Parlor, located nt Sawyers Bar.
Siskiyou County, tlie parlor most remote
from San Francisco, sent word yesterday
that it will come to this city tu take part.
The Bay City Wheelmen will open their
headquarters it 441 Golden Gate avenua;
where all visiting wheelmen will be er.ter
tained during their stay In the city. They
will have the use of the training rooms.
El Dorado Parlor will have as guests in
th« parade the members of Orinda Parlor
of the Native Daughters, who will ride in
carriages and v.-ill bo attired in red suits
trimmed with black velvet. They will
wear Gainsborough hats. They will assist
the El Dorados in entertaining.
Aloha Parlor of the Native Daughters
of Oakland will be In the parade with a
float decorated in the colors of the order.
The ladles of tho parlor will be seated on
the float in white suits. They will b? the
gueets of Alcatrriz Parlor of the Native
Sons.
Calaveras Parlor. N. D. O. YV\. known
as the beauty 1 arlor. will parade about
fifty strong in tailor-made suits of dark
blue material, .-short skirts, tan leggins,
campaign hat and yellow gauntlets. They
will march with Army and Navy Parlor,
and their beautiful silk American flag will
be carried by a member of the soldier par
lor. Calaveras and Army and Navy par
lors will entertain In the memorial hall of
the Odd Fellows' building.
The Foresters of America expect to pa
rade more than 500 men on Monday. A. J.
Glover, a member of Court Acme, who is
a Native Son. lms been chosen division
marshal, and his nids will be P. Magrclli.
H. C. W. Bode, A. \V. Roberts and H. P.
Derosler.
The costumes which the members of the
three parlors have adopted are striking
and original, the more unique perhaps
being that of Kamona Parlor, which is
after the style of the Spanish caballeros.
The members will be mounted. '1 nese
parlors will start for San Francisco to
day and will be accompanied by members
of La Esperanza Parlor, Native Daugh
ters, of Los Angeles. 1
Sequoia Parlor of this city and Fremont
Parlor of the Native Daughters, also of
this city, will have headquarters at Sara
toga Hall, where a hall will be given on
the night of the 11th inst.
Governor Gage and Lieutenant Governor
Neff will ride in the parade in a four
horse victoria.
Corona Parlorj-W. T. Craig, L. S. Nordllnger,
A. D. Barnaul. Eugene Roth, M. P. Nolte, J.
R. Pitts and I>r. D. W. fMelman.
Words and music by Jennie L. Thorp
Orchestra.
Vocal duet. "Love and War" j
I">. Manlloyd and S. J. Sandy
Sigrnor Martinez, accompanist.
Address
Mr*. Ema Gett, grand president N. D.
a. w.
Bass solo Pis- Alessandro Xlcolinl
By kind permission of Mrs. Ernestine
Krellng. I
Oration i
...H. R. McNoble. grand orator N*. S. G. W.
Tenor solo, "The Holy City"..D. M. Lawrence
Reading of Commodore float's proclama
tion
J. Bayard Whittemore, preat-gTandson of Com
modore Sloat.
Bass snlo, "The Outpost" Pinsutl
S. J. Sandy. Signor Martinez, accompanist.
Delivery of leap" »f Monterey Custom-house
(first In California) from t'nited States O.jv
ernment to Native Sons of the Golden West
by H'in. Julius K;ihn.
Acceptance of same on behalf of Native Sons
of the Ctn'dcn West by .1. J. Lermen, chnir
man of Monterey Ctistom-houwe committee.
Native Sons of the Oolijen West.
Popular melodies. clnsinR with "America"..
Orchestra
The two companies of the National
Guard and the volunteer fire company
from Fresno will come to this city with
Fresno Parlor and about 500 citizens from
that city. The fruit exhibit from that
locality will be open to the public next
Friday. evening In the Lick House.
The* general committee of the southern
parlors is made up as follows:
Los Angeles" Parlor— W. J. Dorr, E. Crolic,
L. Levy, Adolph Itamish. S. Bennett, G. J.
Isaacson and W. S. Kingsbury.
Kamona Parlor— fiwrgc B. Beebe. Henry E.
Carter and H. C. I.ichtenberRf r.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS PARLOR WILL COME
IN FORCE TO ATTEND THE CELEBRATION
TO-NIGHT th« preliminary events of
the grand festival celebrating Cali
fornia's admission Into the Union
Trill be started by Stanford and
?CatJonal parlors. Stanford will have high
jinks for Its members only In Its quarters,
e^id National Parlor will give an enter-
tainment to Its members and their rela
tives In the Techau auditorium. The fol
lowing nights there will be receptions at
a number of headquarters and from that
time on there will be a general enjoyable
and lively time for Native Sons, Native
Daughters and Invited guests.
No Fireworks on Passeneer Boats
Captain Bolles and Bulger, United
Thieves Come to Grief.
"While Wulf Landy, a peddler, waa In a
house at Howard and First streets yes
terday two men drove up in a wagon and
stole seventy grain sacks from Landy'a
wagon. They had driven about a block,
when they collided with a dray and were
thrown into the street. They ran away,
leaving their horse and wagon, which
were taken to Westphal's stables by Po
liceman McSorley. The horse is a small,
light bay, with three white feet and a
white face. The wagon is numbered lSW.
The police think the rig was stolen. The
grain sacka were returned to Landy.
States Inspectors of Steam Vessels, issued
an order yesterday prohibiting the dis
charge of fireworks on any passenger
craft in the bay of San Francisco during
the coming Admission day festivities.
The naval parade committee requests
that all boats which are to participate
will be on hand sharp at 8 o'clock, as the
parade will start on the minute and "wait
for no man."
Miss Delcarlo; Alplnl, Miss T. Ratto; Roma,
Miss E. Wessel: Oakland. Miss M. Kinne;
Colma, Miss C. Morgana; Mt. Tamalpals. Miss
Albertl. Circles — Botulicea. Queen of the r>ru1da.
Miss B. Fabbri; Golden Gate. Miss Lillian
Beaumont; El Dorado, M!?3 B. Ritaliata;
Boadicea, Miss Hattle A. Brown. Chapters—
Martnafel. Miss J. Nygren.
All tne cars of the Ferries, Park and
Ocean, the Potrero, Park and Ocean and
the Ellis and OFarrell street lines will
run on Sunday via Oak, Page and Stanyan
strets in order to accommodate all who
shall want to go to Golden Gate Park to
witness the dedication of the Claus
Spreckels music pavilion. All these cars
will make their westerly terminus at H
street and Ninth avenue on that day be
tween the hours of 12 o'clock noon and 6 in
the evening. Special cars will be run on
Ashbury Heights.
Mrs. Banaicio of Marin County is the
oldest native-born resident of the State.
One hundred and fifteen years have passed
since her birth, yet she is as hale and
hearty to-day as many half her years.
The old lady will be an interesting feature
of the San Rafael delegation's section ot
the big parade on Monday morning. Di
rect descendants embracing five genera
tions will accompany their aged ancestor.
illness with which he rras stricken last
Friday. McNoble will arrive In this city
next Sunday and will apeak at the liter
ary exercises on Monday night.
Headquarters for the representatives of
the press were opened yesterday in rooms
7?0 and 771 on the first floor of the Palace
Hotel. The headauarters will be kept
open continuously during the celebration.
Visiting' newspaper men will find every
convenience for writing. Press badges
will be distributed to legitimate represen
tatives of the press this afternoon.
The United Ancient Order of Druids will
parade several hundred men and two
elaborate floats. The first float, repre
senting the degree of the order, will bear
the following members:
Captains — A. Olmo, Galileo team: G. Fontana,
Aurora team. Team — Past arch. L. Delucchl;
noble arch, B. Martini; vice arch, G. Del
carlo: conductor. Q. Sabini; Cinthus, F. Del
carlo; Elvln, L. Guinasso: Octavlus, A. O.
Itomaciatto; Roman saitlier. I... A. Canepa;
Roman soldier. A. Parentl; Instructor. P. Bar
sottl; nrst assistant, O. FlRone: second as
sistant, S. Dolprete; bard of noble arch, F.
Demartlni; bard of vice arch, A. Riecomi.
The second float will be graced hy a
: number of young ladies, representing the
; groves and circles of San Francisco and
: Oakland. They are:
San Francisco, Miss Louise Baumelster; Eu
reka. Miss Alma Kroubel: Slepel. iiiss B.
Raumann: Perseverance, Miss Ernestine God
eau; Xr.rma. Miss Stella Soldatl: Laurel. MIbs
Kdna Mollnari; Templar. Miss Ada Carlson;
Galileo, MIfs Clotilda Marengo; Vasco da
Gama, Miss Mamie Freitas; Golden Star, Miss
Itegnler; Manzanlta, Miss Amedee; Aurora,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1900.
The sacred concerts on Sunday evening
will be given at the following locations:
Columbia square, on Folsom street, be- |
tween Sixth and Seventh; Washington ¦
square, at Stockton, Powell, Union and j
Filbert streets; also at junction of Third, i
Market and Geary streets and at the
Junction of Powell. Market and Eddy
streets. Tne concerts will continue from
7:30 p. m. to 10:30 p. m. On Monday and
Tuesday nights there will be concerts at
Kearny and Geary streets and at Market
and Powell streets. A special concert will
be given Tuesday night in the court of the
Palace Hotel.
The programme of the literary exercises
in Native Sons of the Golden West Hall.
Monday night, is as follows:
Overture Xational airs
Ca?f.i?n's OirhePtra.
Introduction of the president of the day, Hon.
H. C. Ruat, grand president N. S. O. \\\.
by Daniel A. Ryan, chairman committee on
llternry exercises.
Remarks
Hon. R. C. Rut»t, grand president N.
S. G. W.
Song, "Forty-nine" Word? by Joaquin Miller
Music hy L.c-ila France.
Golden West QuarU't— D. Mar.lloyd. first tenor;
Charles Henley, second tfnor: S. Homer
Henley, first bass; S. J. Sandy, second bass.
! Address of welcome
Hon. James D. Pholan. Mayor of San
Francisco.
Response
His Excellency Henry T. Ciage, Governor
of California.
Ccntraltr) solo, song frcm "Mlfrnon"
Miss Eudora Fords
By kind permission of E. A. Fischer.
Address -
Theodore H. Hltte'.l. Society of Califor
nia Pioneers.
Scprano polo Si;?nor!na Italia Repetto
By kind permission of Mrs. Krnestlne
Krelingr.
Ode to California Eustace Cullinan
"California, Queen of Old Columbia"
SOME OF THE PRESENT OF
FICERS OF MOUNT TAMAL
PAIS PARLOR.
9
"Valda," the sensational
story of court life at Peking,
begins in next Sunday's* Call,
September 9. ' ..:»,-: « •
PREPARED TO WELCOME THE NATIVE SONSContinued on Page Thirteen.
The A:<5en Besre loafis m?rchar.4!*e for Hon
olulu; the Eric, Jurr.ber at Tacoma for a di
rect port or. West Coast. Cs— prior to arrival; !
the K<!en N. Kin: bail. lumber and merchandise i
tor Apia.
Treasure Shipment.
The Chins, took out a. treasure list of H.0M.
151 coasletlnc of J1.CC7.3P1 in Mexican dollars, j
JTl-IO !n raid coin and *4R.S00 in silver bullion. I
Xczc York Dried Fruit Market.
The New York Oir.miercial says: "Currants j
n-ere very Srm at £i»c on spot yesterday, with '
a Ftror.c advancing tendency. Sales of 1O1 !
barrels were reported at SHr. and en Inquiry |
for a like quantity was heard of. Cables j
showed the market in Greece to be very steady
or. all good, sound grades of new currants,
one quotation from the other side lx»;ng of
ii tor pound Pi-ovinrla!a. New Amaltas ar.: .
offered at from .%* to SH* 6<J.
"There is a very Rood inquiry for all kinds ;
of spot raisins, this tving largely due to the !
fclrh prices on currants. S«Us of 350 boxes of
fp<^>ss MuF-atel« were reported at 6\c. and
pale* at 290 ;>.->xps later at 7c. Apricots are
very P.rrr.ly hell, with snme business in pro?
j>*ci. Peacr>f-s are strong and unchanged, but j
fitiract little interest. tS«^nie business .f beint^ j
done in California res. but the trade h«=re is j
buying very little of these goods as vet, in
frit* rf the probability of the Smyrna em- i
1.-:-ki l.Tstir.g until the latter part cf <X-tober. |
Future eva.poraTi-d apples are weak but rather j
quiet. Th*> sale of a rar for December Ue- |
livery at <*«c was i-pport^d. October is Quote J <¦
et i'tc ar.d {Covetnber at i^c.
"StOM ar» very f;rm all along the line, with
h.ighpr prices on Brazil? and Sicily filberts and !
an advancing tendency in several ether direo- )
ti'TiF. Sai.-s <.: Biuail nuts rep<_irted venter- j
<Jay were !arg:e, me lot of 40i> baps of medium !
eelliac nt :-4o an<i several hun«irt-d bags ad- j
ditlonal tx»ing bought at SU- a.n<~: !<>c. At th? !
cl'>f* of the day's bosteesa the price had a<l- I
«°aaoed to P- t c and io-,c. The situati'-n on i
Fir-ily f.'.!*R8 is exct-'di^gly stping. and bUkIh j
trr- very closely held. B-.rr.p holiiers now afk |
ir-\c. of 1C«> bags were reported at V #L 3?- '
Ainion-'j' anJ vsinuta are very Srm. HhTo* I
were made of 3^.' bae? of Chill walnut? at J«c. '
»>n<i IM bags of Terragona almonds at fuil i
price*."
Departure of the Kosmos Liner.
Th» Ki'smns lin"r Tanis seilM yepterday for ,
H.irr.Surg an<i way |->ortF with a general cargo. !
vc^ued at HSUB9, cxrluslv* of nme In tranFit. '
manifestp'i as follows: For South America, '
Mft.008; for Central Atneriea. S4374; for M»xlcr.. \
J".9O; for Havre. SMJ6S: for Hajnburg. |1S.S9>. I
lor Antwerji. JU-2 <>: for London. JiS.rr;. The •
following w»re th» Parting shipments:
For Botrtn Ammra- 10 cs randies. S2S bdls j
ccrdase. 23C cs canned KoodF. 47 cs codfish. ;. i
cm «ru«-s. ;,3'0 bbls flour. 3«.224 ft !'us», K.l j
bxs fir^-frarkerF. 6C pkgs KTOCCrlea and pro- j
visions, SO cc liqugrs, 6 eks nuts. J140 ttm .enl. |
11 roily leatber. 261 pkps machinery. Et ca pairt. ;
J2W' k»es :» wder. 2U crs potatoes. 10 crs onion.'. ,
A'.-" railroad ties. S21 cs salmon. .".7 \.\> .
shrimps. *. os turpentine, 20 cs smoked m'-ats. ;
Bj bbl* tallow. 10 IkIIs fpires. Zf, cs whls-ky. j
2".73 gait 4* rs wine. C721 ctls wheat.
It transit— COS sks lead cencentrat"?, 1 cs
«5ry poods; vslue, J2S.715.
For Central Ajru^rioa — oJo cs ooal oil, 30 Viiis
c*m»T\\.. 45 jkgs grooeries r.nd pro\'lp!ons, 4
drama ammonia. 377 Tbf seed, 5 Wls apices. l«
r>41? matting. 10 cr» onions. 3d rrs potatoes.
30 c» win". SS.1SS Tbs rice. € rkgs vegt. tables.
15 sks t.»;ir.v 40 bbls tallow.
Ir. trar.Fit— 1 «~s silk shawls: value. i'.'A".
For Mrxico — 7* ct> canned fiph. 2 eks dried
iiv't.
For Havre — 12. r 0 bb!s D00 tcs t3'.!<>w. 2 ;¦'--
jj^rf-Tal effects.
Fer Hajnfcurg — 45 sks beeswax. S000 pk^«
irl^rj fruit, li rkpf= hardware. S30 bb!s ta'.lovv.
Hi ca S3 palp w'ne.
For iLniwerp— OS bb!s tallow.
For Lrndor. — Zfi cs honey. 107, f""" lt>s coffee.
Large Cargo for the Orient.
The FTeairw Oi!n» f»!le?l yest'riay for China
and Jatf.an -with a general cargo valued at
V.tf.Zth, n-.ar.1f<r-st<*l as follows: For China.
J f 1.217: for Japan. t"..Zd:,; for Manila, Jlf.744: !
for East Ind!^. J44"?2: for Korea, 111. IPS; for j
Slam. S:S45>; for Vladivostok $1343. The fol
lowing arerc the principal shij-mer.ts:
For China— 140 sks beans. * crs bicycles. 142 j
cs abalone rn»>at, 2023 cs canu«l g<x«is. "16 cs i
ct-.f^sc. 146 plcES <lri»-d fish. f>2 pkgs dried fruit, j
11* cs co.5f.sh. 6 cs drugs. G009 bb'.s flour. CC'j
cs fruit. l^TS pkgs groo^ries and provisions,
S2'"»l bal«s hay. 13 rks nut*. 16 rolls leather.
30 crs potat'j«»£. f rs mineral water. 5 cs past". I
£1 fk* shnr^ps. 215 erf i.nlons. 6121 gals wine. I
1120 ctls wheat, 10 sks dried peas. 2>l cs salmon,
£C0O Tbs ;»'ari bart»y. 46 bales octton. IS bxs
raisins, 7fi cs waofcad meats. 2.'.? V.bls \x*t and
perk. 1J.4U Ths cvifTe<>. ; bbls mutton.
For Japan— 17 rkg* arri.-ultural impl »ments.
J2?7 IT.s butter. .V<i M,l». beef. 20 crs bicycles.
SO t*l"? hay, 1100 cs cannei go<j<i 8 , 5 C s cheese,
2! pkgs electrical goMs, <»', cs dried fruit. 1)
os drug?. 3<>; pl:gh gri-joeries an! provision.*.
C4 <*s li&r-Jware. 44 os household goods. 14 j i c~
phonograr hs. 65 rolls le«th»rr. S bxs lemons.. 1
€0 rr-is frheet load. 9"00 n-s lard. DO pkgs ma- j
chlnery. 67 fks oats, 2.'» !>bls <^lc extrart, 15
bdls pipe, 10C1 rbs nvft 5 cs salmon. bbHO 11)3
Fugar. S10 kr-gs shot. S5 tons tant>ark. S2 cs
fn»P. 100 os whisky. 369 gals wine. 21 ors toy
v ¦ - 7 pkgs well Fupplit*. 2131! reels fence
wire. S c« mlsoenari^ous merchandise, SSI>7 lbs
ccCTee.
For Manila— 4 cs cigarettes. (A sks beans. 14".
cs canned goods. 34 ors bicycles, g r-kgs rro
oc-r1~* and provisions. 17 cs hardware. 7 c»
clooHs. UN cs fruit, 12 pkgs machinery. «0 c<
paint, 3'2 cs (rhlakr, MO gals wine, era
r'tato*-!!. lf"00 ors onions.
For Kast Indie* — M bbls boiler compound
W* rt>« hops. 13S cs S£.!mon. 27* eg canned *.¦¦•-.-.
'ita pkgf <Irled fruit, 6 pkgs groceries and pru-
Vlsions.
Kor Korr-a— 2C3 jjegs prooeries zrA provisions.
107 cs hardware. 139 rs canned goods. 1SC0 cs
car.QleF. £4 bbl» flour. 4 cs dried fruit. 2 oe
paint.
For Fiam— 125 bbls flour, 4"0 Tbs hops,- 20 cs
phonographs. 26 os diuK».
For Vladivostok— 413 cs canned eoods.
An Additional Manifest.
In addition tn carro previously nrortM thr
tteamer MaripoFa, whJrh sriJled We<5n«^sday.
c.*vrri**<3 the following tn*»rchan**!»» manifested
as follows: For Australia. J]8,P€5; for New
ZecJand, IJ514; for Apia, J1C16; total valu».
tZLVt.
For Australia— 13 os hardware, 2 cs optical
gooAB. in cs miscellaneous merchandise, «"5
pkgs fruit. 250 rkps dried fruit. *'< fkRs salt
fish. i fl cm onions. 13 pkgs machinery, S4 cs
canned Kooda, 215 cs 6ho*-s, %'A cs rolled o.its.
For Nt-w Zealand— f-l cs t-h^s. 3 ors lnou
J~*tors. I c» hardware. 23 i-rs machinery, * c«
baJmrm. D4 rs canned goods, ICO pkga . driej
fruit, IPO pV-Rs fruit. 2 1 .- ors onions. .-J1 r>kKs
fait fish. 2 ok metal polish. 9 cs books. L«
cr drugs, 6 crs bicycles. J cs soap, Kl cs rolled
oat*.
For Apia — 10 bb!« flour. K os clocks. 7200 lbs
bread. 12 cs cannwl poods. 10 crs onions. CO
as isalmon. 4 cs varnish. *J0 rbs coffee. 1J pkgs
jrroceri't and provisions, J ca hardware.. 23
(120th Mtrldian-Paclflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Fept. «— S p. m.
reported from stations In CaUfornla to-day:
Mount Tamalpa!s....63 Fresno J3
Eureka. ffl f^acramonto 78
Indep^ridf-noe W San Luis ¦ Oblspo 76
IteA Bluff 83 San Diego 70
Los Ancles 78
Ban Frcnclsco data: Maximum temperature,
C7; minimum. 55: mean. CL
WEATHER CONDITION'S ANT> GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen e lowly over the greater
portion of th« Pacific Elope. An eree of low
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— The wheat market open
ed steady under the Influence of steady cables
from Liverpool. October unchanged at 73%c.
I Shortly afterward the market touched 74c. This,
however, proved to be th«s highest price, of the
day. Receipts weie heavy and there appeared
to be every prospct of their continuance for
some time. There '.vas a demand from the
outside — a fairly srood demand — but it amount
j ed to little alongside the offerings which soon
began showering in from the West. Longs li
quidated freely and thus encouraged Borne
ehort selling. Not until October had bumped up
acalnst 72 s ic did the tone show any decided
sf.ns of stiffening. The decline was accom
panied by some reactions, but these In no wise
disconcerted the bears. A good export demand
was brought out by the slump, and this, to
gether with the information that an. Influential
trader had been buying under 73c caused anxi
ety among shorts and a rally to 73T*@73*4c fol
lowed. The close was steady, October &c un
der yesterday at 73%c
Corn was quiet but firm on strong cables and
light country offerings. October closed %c
hfiher at 38>*c.
Oats ruled dull. October closed %c lower at
21!ic.
Provisions were quiet and easier with the.
exception of short ribs. The cash demand was
In excellent working order but throughout the
session there was a moderate amount of liqui
dation by English as well as home interests,
and ehorts pounded the market some in an
WHEAT— New York declined again. The
foreign markets showed little change.
Chicago was weak, with small transactions
at the opening. There was free selling, both
on long and short accounts. Later on there
was a rally on good export business, 30 loads
being taken at Chicago and 55 at the seaboard.
Local futures were about lc lower. Spot
prices were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05: Milling, $1 07%
©1 10-
CALL BOARD SALES. «.
Informal Session— 9:16 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, il 0S%; 12.000, $1 CSH.
Second Besslcn— December — 8000 ctls, II 08»4;
10,000. Jl OS^; .12,000 $1 OSVi. May— 2000, Jl 1Z%;
20.000, $1 13%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 16,000
ctls. $1 OSV».
Afternoon S»?slon — December — 4000 ctls, $1 0S<4-
May— 2000. Jl 12%.
BARLEY — The market is flat all around, with
no changfB worthy of note.
Feed, 70ijr72<4c for No. 1 and 65@67%c for off
, grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 77&'J£
82%c; Chevalier. . nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— December— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No eales.
Afternoon Session — No sales. :
OATS — Continue very dull at unchansed quo-
White. $1 1301 30; Surprise, $1 S5@l 40; Red.
$1 10@L20; Gray, $1 10@l 20; Black, for feed.
$1 10@l 15: for seed. $1 lo««l 20 per ctl.
CORN— For Eastern $1 22«£ Is the quotation.
with light stocks. No local goods offering.
RYE— S7V:@90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
_-
FLOUR-Callfornla Family j Extras, , $3 «0@
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 4003 50;
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 844
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS
6teiilng Cabl»s — 4 8?
New York Exchange, sight — 03
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 07H
Fine Silver, per ounce — 62H
Mexican Dollars, nominal 43% @ 50^
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK. Sept. «.— FLOUR— Receipts.
3C.SP4 barrels; exports. 21.754; sales. S20O pack
ages. The market was rather quiet and barely
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 164,650 bushels; exports,
168.OLM; Bales. 4.125.0W bushels futures and 400.
000 export. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 794c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 77c elevator; No 1 Northern
Duluth, E3=4c f. o. h. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth.
Sfi^.c f. o. b. afloat. Option*, after a steady
opening, declined rapidly under renewed li
quidation, lower cables and Northwest weak
ness. An afternoon rally on export business
was followed later with weakness under reailz
tng. elo«ed 4c net decline. March closed S2* 4 c-
May. fZ\ii>,3%<;. closed 82%c; September, 77US
7?Sc. closed 78c; October, 784<§78%c, closed
7S"*c; December, 7&T4'3S0%c, closed 80>4c.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDKS— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFKE— Spot Rio. easy: No. 2 Invoice SSfic:
mild, quiet; Cordova, S* 4 «il4c. Futures closed
firm, with prices of 10 points net higher. Total
sales. 29, 500 bags, including: September, $7 05;
0<-tober. $7 10; November. $7 15; December
$7 2;<S7 35: March. $7 4O'ff7 50; May. $7 5O®7 60.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 4Uc; cen
trifugal, % test. 4 15-16c; molasses sugar, 4c;
refined, firm.
HITTER- Receipts. 4 t !l. ! > packages. Barely
Meady: creamery, 1'M'fi22c: June do. 20g21c;
factorj". H«il7c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7733 packages. Firm; West
ern regular packing, at mark, lOglCc; West
ern, loss off, 17<fflRc.
DRIED FRUIT.
The market for evaporated apples ruled quiet
and steady at unchanged prices. State com
mon was quoted at 355c; prime, 4%@5V4c;
choice, 5H«S«c; fancy, 6*4^7c. California dried
fruits w«-re inactive. Prunes were quoted at
3'i?|7c p°r pound, as to size and quality. Apri
cots, Royal. ll«;14c: Moorpark. 15 l gl7c. Peaches,
reeled, 14QlSc; unpeeled, 6®9c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— The Iron market was
| rather easy and tending downward. Northern
Nos. 1 and 2 foundry was 50c lower on asking:
j rate?, while Bessemer pig in Plttsburg sold
| at $14, representing a decline of $1 per ton.
I Tin In London declined 10s and eased off some
j 20 points here, closing easy at $30 50^30 70.
Copper declined 5s abroad, but was firmer and
I x * hlRher locally, closing at $16 75. Lead and
j sjwlter wore dull and unchanged at $4 37V4 and
U 074<54 12'i respectively.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 and for
copper $16 75. -' s -*
Thursday. September •.
Stmr Ceo Loom!*. Brtfzett. Ventura.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San r»»«p- e -
Stmr China. Seabury, Hongkong and Toko
hama. via Honolulu.
Stmr West port. Ericsson. Bear Harbor.
Ptmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. — -.
Strr.r Alex Duncan. Guthrie. %foss L&nams.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Oer stmr Tanls. Schultz. Hamburg and wsjr
ports.
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey. Chemainus.
Br shii> .\ton Alaw. Thomas. QueenstowTL
Schr Newark. B<*-k. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAP1IICT.
POINT LOBOS. Se-pt «. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Aug IS. lat 12 N. Ion 23 W— Br ship General
Robert? hence March 2. for Qusenitown.
Aug 20, lat 17 S, Ion 37 W— Ship Alexander
Gibson, from New York, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Arcata.
hence Se^t 3.
EITRKKA— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr South Coast,
hence Se?t 4. ¦ _ -
• Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Pomona, hence Sent a.
BANIiON- Sailed Sept 6— Schr Conftanza. for
San Fr:\ncl«co.
POUT GAMBLE— Sailed Seat 8— Schr Vine,
for Francisco.
PORT HA I' LOCK- Sailed S*>pt 5-Schr Fanny
Dut.nnl. for San Pedro.
PORT TOWN8r.Nl>- Sailed Sept 6— ShiO Jos
B Thomas, for Adelaide.
• CASPAR— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Cleone, hnc
Sept 3.
SEATTLE— Arrived $M>pt 8— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Sept 1; Ger bark Dertha, from San Diego:
Paileil Sert 5 — Stmr Senator, for Nome: rtmr
Nome City, for Nome; Russ ship Glenard. for
Taeuma.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed Sept *-Stmr
Luella, for .
ASTORIA— Sailed Sent 6— Br stmr Oak
Branch, for Fan Francisco.
NEAII BAY-Passe<l Sept «-Br stmr Warrl
moo, frjm Sydney, for Vancouver; stmr Sena
tor, from Seattle, for Cape Nome.
EASTERN PORT. V
NETW TORK -Arrived Sest 6— Stmr Alabama,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept S— Stmr City of Rio
Af Janeiro, for San Francisco.
DTTMEARTON- Sailed Sept «— Br bktn Ha
waii, for Newcastle. NSW.
SAILKD
CLEARTO.
Thursday. September I.
Stmr China. P*abury. Honolulu. Yokohama
and Honekong; Pacific Mall S S Co.
Ptmr MIneola, David. Xanalmo: Tactile Im
provement Co.
Ger stmr Tania, Schultze, Haaburff; Ko«nioi
S S Co
Br stmr Westminster. Petrte. Honolula aad
Manila; U S Government.
Thursday. Septemb«r «.
Stmr Creseer.t City. Stockfletli. 34 hour* from
Crescent City. ¦
Stmr Cociullle River, Thompson, 55 hour*
from Grays Harbor.
ftrar Iaaua. Bash. 22 hours from Eureka;
bound eouth; put In to land passengers.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, 13 hoar* from
Fort nras;^.
Ptmr Eureka. Jessen. 22 how* from TSureVa.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 10 hours from Monterey,
etc.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nooander. 7S hotirs from
N>»jon <S>, etc
U«r stmr Eva. Peter»*n. 21 days from K->be.
Ship Glory of the Seas. Freeman. 12 days frr>ta
Com ox.
Schr San Buenaventura. Holmber*. 7 days
from Grays Harbor.
Hchr Reliance. Larsen, 24 hours from Bowetis
Lan'ilnc.
Bear Ocean Spray, Laxsen, 20 hour* from Iver
sens Liindirir.
S<-hr Ocean Spray, Olsen. 38 hours from Irer
sens Landln~.
Srhj- Reliance. Larsen, 32 hours from Bowtn*
Lanfiin;. ,
Schr Rio Rey. Johnson. 40 hours frcm Point
Arena. ,
Schr Berwick. Peterson. » days from Slu»Uw
River.
ARRIVED*.
NEW TORK. Sept. 6.— The hopes aroused by
yesterday's increase in business that a period {
of more active trading in stocks was at hand i
were disappointed to-day. The stock market !
attain became an unimportant affair and offered j
little of Interest as commentary on general con- ;
ditiens or events. London in particular re
newed its attitude of indifference toward
American securities and buying for that ac
count In New York fell to insignificant pro-
I>ertions. This served to discourage the local
trailers, who based some of their buying yes
terday on the hope that the London demand
would take their holdings off their hands. A
hardening- of the di?.'ount rate In London, due j
to the belief that the prevailing ease of money '
will not last long, had something to do with j
th«? setback to the st<">ck market. The rebuff
given by London to the New fork bulls was !
emi-hasized by the weakness of the anthracite ;
coalers, which declined on the ultimatum of- I
fered by the operators to the miners and the ;
f»-ars therei-y caused of a strike. The steel
stocks w«re heavy as a rule. Colorado Fuel I
v.as an exception, on the heavy increase in net
earnings rf ported fur July over these of a !
year ago. The bears were disposed to let Peo- '
rle'f Gas and Brooklyn Transit alone, mindful
Of their recent unpleasant experience with [
Sugar. Where there was any demand developed ;
there was a sipnincint scarcity of stocks of
fering and price? advanced easily. This was
notable in Southern Railway preferred, which
v. a? advanced frc-m L2 T s to 55 on the high price i
ol cotton. Southern Pacific was well absorbed I
on the denial of recf-nt retorts of friction I
iimcr.g inpi.icrs. The list as a whole hung j
btavy and neglected throughout the day.
The t>ond market was dull and irregular. ;
Total sales, par value. 1730.000.
United States refunding 2s. when Issued, ad- '
vanced '«. in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Etasxea Closing
Sold. Ftock— Bid. ;
1,223 Atchlson 2$'4
4,?«0 Atchir- n prefd 714
910 B?lt!mi>re & Ohio 72\
tW Canadian Pacific 90
Canada Southern 494
S.0S5 Chesapeake & Ohio 28^
100 Chi<-ngo Grr-at Western lC'vs
- 700 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 125\
Chicago ln.1 & St Louis 23 |
Chicago In<i & St L>ou1f prefd 574 t
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 96Vi I
Chicago & Northwestern 162 '
Chicago Rork Island & Pacific 106\ i
471 C C t: & St Louis 59'* !
Colorado Southern 6 j
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41 i
Colorado Southern Id prufd 16 j
€10 Delaware & Hudson lll"i |
100 !">«!» ware Lacka wanna & Western.. 1764 :
100 Denver & Kio Grande 19^ !
?)0 I*>nver & Rio Grande prefd 67* t |
Krle 11 !
22? Erie 1st prefd 34 |
C50 Great Northern prefd 153 !
Hocking Coal 1S4
200 Hocking Valley 34>i :
E76 Illinois Central 116%.
200 Iowa Central 1S'4 1
¦ Iowa Central prefl 44 !
l'V) Lake Krie & Western 28 '
L»ke Er'e & Western prefd 934 .
I I>ake Shure 209 i
| 2.12.) Iyouifvilie & Nashville 724 :
I 1,4<K> Manhattan Elevated S2
612 Metropolitan Street Railway lf.34 ,
200" M<»xioan Central 11".* j
Minnpipr.lis & Pt Ixiuls 63 I
100 Minnpspr.lis &¦ Pt Louis prefd S.Vri ]
SM Missouri Paciflc 5l}»
I Mobile & Ohio 56
I Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
SOO MjFPOurl Kansas & Texas prefd 31
New Jersey Central 1324 !
1,385 New York fmtral 131 j
SOO Norfolk &- W^tern 3T>S
3<X) Norfolk & Wpsfrn r»refd 764 f
l,ow> Nortbern PaclP.c 61% i
450 Northern Pacift-: pre'd "1*4 ;
1.700 Ontario & Western 21 l i j
Oregon Railway 4- Nav 42 |
Orogi.n Railway & Nav prefd 76 !
2,2m Pennsylvania 12"i 1
40") Rfirling ir,% j
j 6,2^) Reading 1st prefd C64 ;
I Reading 2rt prefd 27 |
Rio Grande Western S4
. Kio «lrande Wc?t»rn prefd S6
200 St Louis & Pan Fran 10
I ?t Louis & S.in Fran 1st pr^fd 67
1C0 St Louis & San Fran M prefd 33y; '
I ft IxnjiF Southwestern 12%
WI St Ixiuis Southwestern prefd 29U
J.fifiO St Paul H4V»
195 Bt Paul prefd i 173
Ft Pcul & Omaha 112
6,1^ Bonthera Pacific 34%
5.S*»0 Southern Railway 1214
9.510 Southern Railway prefd t4%
3'X« Texas & Pacific |(£
2,12-i I'nion Pacillc 57^
&74 Union Parifm prefd 74
400 Wabash 7U
100 Webash pr^fd is
1 AVii^eling &¦ Lake Brie S«i
: Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 23»»
i Wisconsin Central 13
400 Third Avenue 110
Express Companies—
....... Adaxng ................. .124
American 15J
United States 45
Wells Fargo 124
Miscellaneous —
I 210 American Cotton Oil 331^
1 American Cotton Oil prefd xs
I American Malting 4s,
2M American Malting prefd 24
1C50 Aireriran Smelting A: Ref 36
American Smettins & Ref prefd S3
American Spirits \\ x
I American Spirits prefd 17
I 1,310 American Steel Hoop iju
4S-Q American Steel Hoop prefd 67
3.000 American Steel & Wire *, 301,4
l.JW American Steel & Wire prfed 743.
700 American Tin Plate vs'
• l.SiK) American Tin Plate prefd SO
COO American Tobacc<> 33^.
I ' Amrrlean Tobacco prefd 128 *
530 Ano^onJa Mining Co 451,/,
30.000 Brooklyn rtapid Transit 53S
300 Colorado Fuel & Iron ; 35!^
400 •'ontinental Tobacco 26
Continental Tobacco prefd 7s
Federal Steel 341:
Federal Steel prefd 67
700 Oeneral Electric 140
CX) Glucose Sugar 52
D00 Glucose Supar prefd 99Vi
'International Paper 21^
240 International Paper prefd 66U
Laclede Gas 74
1,080 National Uiecult 33^4
National Riscuit prefd S5
National Lesd 171^,
National L»ad prefd sgiT
ino Xational Steel £8H
C25 National Steel prefd S»4i
New York Air Brake 128
1.200 North American 15
Pacific Coast 544
Pacific Coast 1st prefd SG
Pacific Coa»t 2d prefd 64U
Pacific Mail 31
S03 People's Ga* sjk
23 Pressed Steel Car «»
Nr.v York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
LONDON. Sept. 6.— Consols, PS 7-16^98 11-16;
Silver, 2S?id: French rentes, lOlf 124c; wheat
cargoes on passage, buyers Indifferent opera
tors; cargoes No. 1 Standard California, 31s 6d;
cargoes Walla, 2?s 74d; English country mar
ketF. firm.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 6.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 44^63 5d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, firm; weather in England,
splendid.
COTTON— Uplands. 6 5-1 Kd.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 2 r^d Western win
ter, fis: No. 1 Northf-rn spring. 6s 34d; No. 1
California. Cs 44d<iJ6s 5d. Futuros— Easy: Sep
tember. 5» HHd; Uwember, Gs I4d.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new,
4s 7d; do old, 4s 2^d. Futures — Quiet;
October, 4s lT4d; November. 4s l?«d; December,
4s l%d.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. PeDt. 6.— WHEAT— lc lower. Blue
stem, iSc; club, 55c, both for export.
PORTLAND, Sept. 6.— WHEAT— Easier, but
heavy. Walla Walla will still command 57c,
with a good milling demand for valley at 60c,
blue 6tem, E.S'Ouflc.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 6.— Clearings, J342,
510; balances, ?72,S63.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK. Sept. 6. — The market opened
strong, excited and very Rctive with Septem
ber up S points and other- months 21@22 points
hlcVier. Before noon several violent change?
occurred, the market easing oft 11 points at
11-30 a. m., but again hardening still latpr on,
when a wild ficramb]r> of outside shorts for
covering ensued. Far from reacting in the late
cession the local market developed strength on
the predictions of another bulge In Liverpool
to-morrow on claims that Monday's Govern
ment crop report would be bullish beyond
exudations and estimated for very llcht re
celMs at the ports to-morrow. The market
closed strong 35 to 42 points net higher.
New York Cotton Market.
SHELP — Receipts, 17.000. Sheep. steady;
lnml-E, choice strong, others steady. Good to
choice wethers. J3 TiC^'J: 75; fair ti> fhrx;e mixed,
}3 3u®3&5; Western bhrep, }3 W&3 70; Texah
rhe-p, S2 5*H3 20; native lambs, U 25@5 70; West
ern lambs, $5Q5 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 14.000: to-morrow, IS, COO: left
o\'er, KOO. Generally about fie lower. Top,
tSBO: ni'.xWl and butch»rs=, $5 05^0 474; good to
choice heavy, $."> 10(f}5 424 rough heavy, $4 IKfy
6 0S: li^ht, $5 15*10 50; bulk of sales, $b 15 r «5 35.
tive Kteers. steady; Westerns and Texans, firm.
Butchers' stock, steady. Natives, good to prime
steers, $5 WtfG; poor to medium, $4 65®5 40; se
lected feeders, steady to tshade lower, at Sit?
4 "5; mixed stockers, slow, shade lower, at $3f£
3S5; cows, $2 75® 4 30; heifers, $3'g5; canners, $2
4?2 53: bullrf, choice Htrong, medium -weak, at
f2 6C®4 66; calves, steady, $5(57 40; Texas fed
steers, $4 25@j; grass steers, $3 25"54 15; bulls,
»2 5fi«S3 40.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 7000,
Including 1C00 Westerns and 100 Texans. Na-
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 6.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, $1 03
IK'S 15. Peaches— Salways, 35<365c box.* Plums —
Yellow EpK, W^oc single crates. Prunes—Ger
man. 30fflS0c single crates; Gros, 45c@$l 2o.
Grapes— Tokays, Soc^l 65 single crates; Mal
aga. $1 15R21 70.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Pears — Bart
letts. 9Ocfi$2 Co box. Grapes— Tokays, 60c@$l 65
single crates; austere. *1 20$2 25; assorted,
$1 3r,@l 40; Morocco. $1 25. Plums— Kelsey. $1 15;
Yellow KeK, 45c Prunes — Hungarian, 60c(g-$l 05.
Peaches — Clines, 95c.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: Grapes— Tokays. $2 20
double crate and 50c@$l 40 single crates; Clus
ters, $1 10<Sl 30; Muscats. 95c®$l 35. Pears—
Bartletts, 60c(g« 20 box. Peaches-Salways. 85
Smock. f)5(g«0c.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 114 6 2
Closing 6 11* 6 14
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 05 2180
Closing 20 10 2185
Flour-
Opening 26 00 2S lo
Closing : 25 90 28 10
Business wu light on the morning session
! of the Bond Exchange, and the only change
worthy of note was an advance in Contra
Coeta Water to $69. •
There was nothing new In the afternoon.
The oil stocks maintained their Increased
activity, as will be seen by the saJes.
The London. Paris and American Bank haa
declared an interim dividend of 3 per cent for
the half year, payable now.
The Utah Mining- Company has levied an as
sessment of 6 cents.
The Powell-street Railway Company has palfi
$2LCX> this week for semi-annual interest on
Its 6 per cent bonds.
The quarterly interest of 1 per cent on tha
second mortgage bonds of the Spring Valley
Water Company, amounting to $i0,000. was paid
this week.
The semi-annual interest of 3 per cunt on .
$200,000 bonds of the Stockton Gas and Electric
Company, amounting to $9000. has been paid
this week.
The semi-annual dividend of $1 50 per shaxa
by the Anglo-Californian Bank Is now pay
able.
The semi-annual Interest on the Spring Val
ley Water 6 per cent bonds is now being paid,
having been due since the 1st instant. The
amount is $143,250.
The Ferries and Cliff House Railway is now
paying the semi-annual interest on $650,000 la
6 per cent bonds, amounting to $13,500.
The Market-street Railway Is paying this
week the semi-annual interest on ita S per
cent bonds. The amount is $120,425.
The Kern River Oil Company will pay a
dividend of 50 cents on the 15th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Sept. S— 3 p. m. 4
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113 116 Is do cp new.. 133*41344
4s do reg 114%115 3s do coup 103 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-st Cab 53.1164 — jOak W sntd 5s — 103
C C Water 5s. 107 — Oceanic S Co. .106*1107%
Ed L & P fis. .129% — |Om C Ry 6s...l2s —
F & a Ry 6s.. — — !P & Cl Rv 6s. 104 —
Geary-st R 5s. — 99 P & O R R 6s. 115 —
U C & S 5<-is. — — Powell-st R 63.117 —
, Do 5s — 1<X, Sac El G&R^s S9'i —
L, A Ry 5s 1074105%' ,S F & SJV 5s.ll»4 —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — S R of Cal es.lll'illl*;
Do sntd Cs.. — — 3 P of A 6a... — 112i*
L A srntd 3s. ..100 1024 S P C ts (1906)
LA P R R 5s. — 101 (Series A). ...110 —
Mark?t-st 6s. ..1274130 | Do (Series B)lll —
Do 1st M 5s. — 1174 IS P C 6s (190€).112 —
N C N G R 7s. — — Do (1912) ....120 1224
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — |S P R l«t rntd — —
Do 5s 118 11S4 S P Br 6s 132»i —
N P C R R 6s. 101 — S V Water 6s. 1124 —
Do 5s 107 — Do 4s 103 lC3ii
N Cal Ry 6s.. — 1114 Do 3d mtsr...l0lU10l4 l
Oak O L & H.U1 — Stocktn Gas Ss — 1024
Oak Tran 6s..ll7>4118 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 6S4 — gprlnp Valley. 8jU 96
Marin County. 614 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G & L Co — — Pac L Co 43U —
Cent L & P Co 4*; 5 Sac El G&RCo 3.T 49
Rquit G L Co. 33% 4 P F G & E.... S3% S4
Mutual El Co. li)'i 11 San Francisco. 5 ' 514
O G L & H... .'0>4 51 Stkn G & E Co W —
Pac Gas Imp.. 52 —
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 227 — ¦
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 6S — |Lon P & A....123 —
Bank of Cal... — — (Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cal S D & T..103 — Nev Nat Bk... — —
First Nationl..27S — J
SAVINGS BA.NKS.
Ger S & L...1S50 I»25 Fav & L So.... 74 W
Hum S & L.. — — Ses Sav Bk — —
Mut Eav Bk... 45 — ; Union T Co — —
S F Sav U....5W — 1
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — |O S L & H.... — 43
Geary-st 5i» — jPresldlo — 224
Market-st 6S4 67 I
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 1624 Vigorit 34 Z\
niant Von Co. S5?i .S64
SUGAR STOCKS.
liana S P Co.. 7% Sli Kilauea SP Co 21% 22
Haw C & S Co 85 S3 MakawelJ S Co 43 43%
Honokaa S Co. 30'i — Onomea S Co. 27 J i 23
Hutch S P Co. 21% 25 Paauhau S Co. 30-% 31
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 1134121 iPac A F A 2 —
Cal Fruit Assn 97 95 il'ac C Bor Co.150 —
Mer Ex Assn. 97 100 .Par Paint Co. 12'.£ —
Oceanic S Co.. — 94 I
Morning: Session.
Board— ;. '1 ' T 11 T * "^51
5 Contra Costa Water 6* 75
4) Contra Costa Water 69 00
150 Equitable Gas 400
15 Giant Powder Con Si> 2.1
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 no
2-", Mutual Electric L.Ight 10 J'>
100 Pacific Gas Improvement 52 23
|3CO0 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s 100 CO
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co M 371.4
$1WO S P of C 6s (ir«>5 series A) 110 00
3 Spring: Valley Water 95 25
Street—
25 Mutual Electric Light 1050
Afternoon Session.
3r> Honnkna Su«ar Co ji) 35
• 4>) Honnkaa Sucar Co 30 \<>\l
5 Makawell Suitar Co 43 y>
5 Makawell Sugar Co 43 371^
$.".CO0 f>ceanic Steamship Bonds ....lf>7 00
$;CCO Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s 100 00*"
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 i- o
55 Spring Valley Water 95 374
60 Spring Valley Water 95 50
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Buckhorn • ••-
KS Home Oil 4 AX
200 Yukon g
600 Callfornla-Standnrd ;**) 35
100 Independence -*¦" «o
700 Monarch of Arizona """ r,-j
CO Rex -5
200 San Joaquln Oil & Development.. B firt
300 Sterling O & D Co ?
M Sterling O &. D Co •••-... i *j
StrMt— ••••• j. *m
200 Caribou ; j-
Afternoon Session.
400 Caribou -.
40 Caribou ,?
l(iO Home Oil. b 10 -" . i^
100 Yukon * J.,
10<"' American Fuel ~,
10 Kern River *"" , rt V.
500 Sterling O & D Co , ",
200 Twenty-eleht """ t «
200 Twenty-el eht "* i %.
Street— A °"
D00 Home Oil , .
15 Kern River '.'.'.'.'.. '.'.Y.'.'.tl 00
MINING STOCKS.
The following wt re the sales in the Pan Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
200 Chollar 20 1 500 Overman 10
200 Con Cal & Va..l 23 15.0 Savage OS
300 Gould & Curry 34 100 Sierra Nevada! 31
oO Gould &. Curry 33 200 Sierra Nevada. 3"
100 Ophlr 46
Afternoon Session.
1200 Best & Belcher 2S 600 Justice o»
600 Caledonia 47 »V) Mexican ...V.7. 23
100 Caledonia id 200 Ophlr . .. 47
800 Con Cal & Va.l 23 100 Overman 10
230 Crown Point .. 13 100 Silver Kill .... 42
100 Gould & Curry 33
The followlne were the Bales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
- Mornins Session.
«£ Andes 08 500 Hale & Xorcrs 23
700 Best & Belcher 28 200 Ophlr 49
?00 Challenge Con.. 19 900 Sierra Nevada. 21
ISOO Gould & Curry 33 COO Utah OJ
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher 27 400 Mexican 2S
400 Challenge Con. 13 600 Overman 11
60 Con Cal. & V.I 27H 300 Seg Belcher.... 03
900 Oould & Curry 83 300 Yellow Jacket.. 20
400 Gould & Curry S4l
United States Coa3t and Geodetic Surv-v—
S5?n, m . B ?F 1 W.', Of ll! «* «3mS
\\ aters at Fort Point, mtruea t<>
Francisco Hay. Pub'.tRhed hv ofSclal Vu
thorlty of the Superinfrdp-- &kaclaa au "
NOTK— The high and low waters occur ¦*
the city frcnt IMKsbnUttml w" r r» nbo'J
twer.ty-flve minutes later than it Fort Point
the height of tida is the same at both place.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the l?ft
hand column and the succes»iv« tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the tMrd time column the third tM*
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when there ars but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given ar» In addition to the scuadlnsrs on tht
United States Cnast Survey chart*, except
when a minus slpn f— > precedes the height,
end then the number given is subtracted from
the depth irlven by the chart?. Thu plans of
reference !s the mean of the lower \aw wtt*n.
Charters.
Forecast Official
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: El Paso. 26 miles per hour from the
northeast; Independence, 36 miles from the
southeast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, fr.rfinp midnierht. September 7. 1900:
Northern California— Fair Friday, except
cloudy aJnr.g the coast: light southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Friday, light west
erl;- winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah-Fair Friday.
Arizona — Cloudy Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Frllay;
fresh westerly winds, with fog in the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
pressure overlies the Rocky Mountain region.
The weather Is generally clear over the coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains.
Th<» temperature has risen rapidly over
Northern Nevada tnd extreme Northern Cali
fornia. It will still continue cool in the great
valleys of California. In th« San Joaculn Val-
Ie;- the t»mrersture Is about 10 d^erees below
the normal.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Shipment of $1,027,391 to China.
Exchange and Silver as before.
Wheat futures lower. Barley flat and dull.
Gets, Corn and Rye about the same.
Hay end Feedstuff s in ample supply.
Sovte changes in Beans.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables plentiful.
Butter and Cheese sreadx and Ergs still hiriic;
Poultry and Game rule firm.
Bartiett Pears higher and scarcer.
Medium Prunes shaded for foreign export.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Time Ball.
Branch HydrosTar-hic Office. C S. JT Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco " Ca.' *
September 6, 1900. ' •
The time ball on the tower of th» new Fer-v
building was dropped at exactly noon to-e«£—
1. e.. at noon r>f the 12"th meridian or at a
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
Lleutpnant Comrr.anier, UP jj. in eham
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
New York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances tn the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in th?
division of redemption, show?: Avalable cash
balance. $134,161,243; gold. $68,337,144.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TORK, Sept. 6. —Money on call, steady,
at Hi'SlH per cent; last loan, 1^ per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4^5^ per cent. Sterling ex
ch^inKe, weak, with actual business In bank
er?' bills at *i 87 for demand and at $4 S3*i for
sixty days; posted rates, $4 M4'?j4 So and $4 SSf?
4SS4; commercial bllie, 14 8354 834. Silver cer
tificates. 624-36340. Bar silver, £2\c. Mexican
dollars, 4S^c. Government bonds, strong; State
bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Ne?u York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's Londcn financial cablegram says: The
tone continued firmer In the markets here to
day, but business was not much Improved and
there was no feature. Americans opened firm
New York sellir.gr brought a reaction, but there
was a partial recovery in the street, due to
continued buying for curtomers, especially of
Southern Railway securities. Discounts were
apain firmer. Silver touched ZS'fcd on London
Mint buying, closing easier on free offerings
from America.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Sept. 6.— Atchison, 23^: Canadian
Pacific. S2\; Union Pacific preferred 76V;-
Northern Pacific preferred. 73%; Grand Trunk.
6t4: Anaconda, 9H. Bar silver, steady 2b*-»d
per ounce. Money, S per cent.
London Market.
SOO Pressed Steel Car prefd 72
100 Pullman Palace Car 1S6
Standard Rope &. Twine 5
1L250 Sugar 121%
Sugur prefd 116^
1.375 Tennessee Coal & Iron 69%
1.B2B United States Leather 11U
420 United States Leather prefd 09%.
l,W) United States Rubber 29^
ISO United States Rubber prefd 84
150 West»rn Union 791*
315 Republic Iron & Steel Co 12%
Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd LA
P C C & St Louis 54
1*4,600 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
I U S 2s refunding | <jo 4s 52^4
, when Issued. res.l03^4l\ Y Cent lsts 1«V 3
; Jo foup 10314 N -T Cent con 5s...l22'g
: ao 3s rer 103 No Pac 3s 65U
I do coup 1091^.1 do 4s 104".!
I do new 4s reg 133»i!.V V C & St L 4s. .107
I do coup I33»i!Norf & W con 4s.. 97'.i
1 do old 43 reg 114 |Or Nav lsts 109
I do coup 115 do 4s 102-%
; do 5s reg U2\ Or S Line fis 126
, do coup It2\\ do con 5s 112^4
I DIb of Col 3. 65s.... 122 iReadlng sen 4s ... 87T»
¦ Atchlson gen 4s. ...101 |R G W lsts P3
<5o adj 4s S5V.- Bt L & I M con 6s. 112
! C«"i So 2ds 106 |6t L & S F sen 6s.l2Ui
I thes & O 4lis 9!sii Ht Paul cons 16*» t
i^ooSs 118 jfct P C & Pac lsts. IIS
|C <t NW con 7s. ..140 do 5s 1I»
do S F deb 5s us !Po Pac 4a 7M4
Chi Term 4s 92 i?o Ry 5s 108%
Colo So 4s S2 |S Rcre & T 6s.... 67
D & n G lsts 102% Tex & Pac lsts. ...112
do 4s 9SV* do 2ds 55
Erie ren 4s 69»» Union Pac 4s 105»4
Ft W & D C lsts.. 72V4 Wabash lsts lir'4
G^n Electric Is ..116 do 2ds 102
Iowa Cent lsts. ...113 West Shore 4s ....112'i
L & Xash unl 4s.. 99% Wls Cent lsts 8S^
M K & T 2da 66V\'a cent 89V*
MINING STOCKS.
t Cholltr 18 Ontario 5 50
I Crown Point lO.Ophlr 42
I Con Cal & Va 1 10; Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 1 50
j Oould & Curry 18 j Po preM 6 50
j Hale & Norcross.. 20'Flerra Nevada 2S
I Homestake 50 00 Standard 3 73
. Iron Sliver 54 I'nlon Con IS
j Mexican 22;Yellow Jacket 17
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Union Pac 51%
Call loans 2g3;Wegt End 93',
! Time loans 3£4Vi j Westngh Elec 46i 4
i Stocks— i Bonds —
j Atch Tpt) & S F.. 2S'4 1 Atchison 4s 991-4
! Do prefd 71 j Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 121»i' Adventure 4
Do prefd 117 j Allouez Mng Co... 13H
Bell Tele 1424 Amal Copper 8S\ 3
i Boston Elevated . .14SH' Atlantic 23U
i Boston & Maine.. .ISO :Boston & Mont. ...322*
Chi Bur & Q 125 7 i i Butte & Boston... C6
Dominion Coal ... 41V Calumet & Hecla..7S6
Do prefd .-...110*i, Centennial 17
Federal Steel 14H Franklin 15 1
Do prefd C6\;Humboldt 25
Fitehburg prefd ..13S Opceola 69
General Elec 1 39 V« Parrot 42
Ed Elec 111 205 JQulncy 144
Mexican Cent 11% : Santa Fe Copper.. 4?i
I Mich Tele 85 Tamarack 220^
1 N E Gas & Coke.. 13 Utah Mining 31>4
! Old Colony 203 Wlnona 3
Old Dominion .... 1SH Wolverines 4'U
Rubber 29^
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
THURSDAY. Sept. «— 4 p. n
CLOSINO QTTOTATIONS.
effort to depreciate nearby deals. October P<JJ"li
closed lOo lower, lard 7 1 /4@10c down and ribs
unchanged.
The leading futures ranged a» follows;
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 73U 73^ 72tf "
October ::: 7 $ 74 m j»h
November 7494 74% 73% 74V6
Corn No. 2— .».,
September S3tt 35% 3914 39J4
October 3314 38H 38 3SV»
November k Se£ 35% 35%
Oats No. 2—
September 20Ti 21 20"4 ZJ
October 2 i»i 21% 2m. 21V4
November 21% 21% 21 '*
Mess Pork, per bbl- ¦. „ „.,
September 10 75 10 82H 10 " 3 10 %v *
October 10 97U 10 97'a 10 SO 10 90
January 11 17H 11 17>* 11 02H 1105
Lard, per 1C0 lbs — ' „ ,.,,
September 6 70 6 70 6 62^ 6 62H
October- 570 6 70 6 Co 6(i<&
January !! 6 47'A 6 50 Z i1Vz 6 45
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— _ ,,
September 7 30 7 30 7 2o 7 25
October 7 O7W. 7 10 7 05 7 10
January 5 S7V4 5 87^ 5 82'j 5 8a
Cash quota tlons were as follows: Flour,
I steady: No. 3 Pvrlnfj wheat. CD^lVic: No. 2 red.
! 7f,(?t!76e: Xo. 2 corn. S^*ifi4f>c; No. 2 yellow. 3?f?
6T4Oc, No. 2 oats. 21%« r 22c; No. 2 white. 24c;
No. 3 white, »Ti®24Vic; good feeding barley,
89%c; fair to choice malting. 46ST-48c; Nevrflaatr
Feed, $145; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 4«>il >¦¦*'•
prime timothy seed. $3 -.<5: mess pork, per barr ,f'.
$10 85010 90; lard, per 100 pminds. f« W.iti\ TO;
f-hort ribs <;ides (loose). $7 10ft 7 40; dry salted
shoulders fboxod) 6%ffi%c: short clear sidos
(boxed), J7 C5@7:75; whisky, ba?ls of high wines,
$1 21'a: sucar, unchanged; clover, contract
jfrude, $D 23fjD r.O. '
~ArtTcTe7-^ Receints. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15.000 H.OOO
Wheat, bushels 304.COO 377.000
Corn, bushela 291.000 315.000
Oats, bushels 353.000 21. .000
Rye. bu-hels 6.000 --
Barley, bushels 33,000 1O 'jgg_
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market wns firm: creamery. lSMj^lVic; dairy,
14<S?lSc. Cheese, steady: 10Vi@UHc. EsrKS, firm;
fresh, 14^15c.
Twine. 7Hc: Fruit Ban. WtWic for white anj
8Vi@89tc for bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, |» per ton; Southfield
Wellineton. {9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, J6; Coos
Bay. $5 50:. Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wall
tend, $9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can-
Bel. $11 per ton; Coke. $16 per ton In bulk and
118 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs, and $3 50 per ton. according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining: Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: Cubes,
A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.80c; Powdered,
6.40c; Candy Granulated, 6.40c; Dry Granulated,
6.30c; Confectioners.' A, 6.30c; Magnolia A. 5.90c:
Extra C. 5.80c; Golden C. 5.70c: barrels. 10c
more: half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more:
*0-lb bag's, 10c more. No orders taken for less
'than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominoes',
balf-barrels. 7.05c; boxes. 7.30c per lb.
Imports from the Islands In Aucust were
- -
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 6®Sc per Ib for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 7tg l 8c; small, SH^S^ic per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7V-S8c; ewes, 7@7&c per
nound.
LAMB— Spring. 8H®9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hoes. 6c for small. S^eS'ftc for
medium, and 5H«3%c for larp»: stock Hogs
and feeders, &H®5%e; dressed Hogs. SftS&c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER «.
Flour, qr sks.... 9,S60| Beans, sks 100
Wheat, ctls 8S3;Bhorts. sks 192
Barley, ctls 6S.U4!Middllngs. sks .. 50
O«ts. ctls 4,123!Hay. tons 741
Butter, ctls 142 Wool, bales 6-J
Cheese, ctls .... 252 j Pelts, bdls 63
Tallow, ctls 74|Hldfc*. },'o 631
Suffar. sks 220!EgBS. doz 8,370
Potatoes, sks ... 6.727;' Leather, rolls .. 335
Onions, sks 2.1M i Wine, grals 27,900
Bran, sks 433iLime, bbU 1S2
•
CURED MEATS— Bncon. 10V4e per lb for
heavj'. He for ligrht medium, 12%c for light, 13c
for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12»;c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork. $15 50: extra clear. $19; Mess, $l« 50;
Smoked Beef, 12H<513c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per Ib for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9»£c;
10-lb tins. 5Hc; 6-lb tina, 3%c.
rOTTOLENE— One-halt barrel. S9ic; three
half barrels. S^c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
bVic; five tierces, SHc per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 8tt@9c; medium, 8Mc; light. So;
Cowhides. 8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf.
tic- Dry Hides, eound l»c; Dry Kip, 13c; Dry
Calf 15c; culls and brands, 12c; Sheepskins.
Shearlings, *0<?30o each; short Wool. 30^50c
each- medium, 6O@80c; long Wool, 9Oc0U 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, $2@2 25 for large, |l 73
for medium. U tor small and 50c for colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 50 for large. $1 25 for me
dium $1 for small and 25®50c for colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
60c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4Hc per lb; No
2, S@3Hc; grease, 2®2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c; Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free, 14©16c; Middle Coun
ty defective. 12©14c; Southern Mountain.- 12
months', ll®12c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', 10@12c: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months', 9Q11C: Humboldt and Mendoclno'
16@17c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb. "
Fall Clip — San Joaquln. 6V6@8c: do Lambs'
8£T9c; Middle County, 9@llc per lb. '
HOPS— 013. nominal at 5®10o per lb; new
10® 12c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, {5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6Kc; Wool Bags. 2SH@32^o; Fleece-
Provisions.
Prune-;;, ranging from ffls to 90s, is reported to
meet the demand for European export. There
is no shading for domestic account.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c; 40
50s. 7c; 50-60s. 5',4c; 60-7Os, 3?;c; 70-SPs, 3Vic; S0-
S<Os. 2\c: 90-1W*. 2Uc: IPOs and over, 2c; rub!?s.
He premium; Sonomas %c and San Joaquins Uc
less than Santa Claras, except 100s an.l over,
which stand the same. Apricots, C^fiSVic for
Royals and 10ST12c for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples. 5i&6c; sun-dried, Sfiic; Peaches, tKGSHa
for standard, 6ifit5Hc for choice and 7@Sc for
fancy; Pears, 5^7'ic; Plums, pitted, 5(g6c; un
pltted. lQlVic: Nectarines, 5Q5Vsc for red and
Hfc#6e for white.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. 10c: choice. 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, p*"r lb. SHc; choice, 7Hc; standard, 6Vic;
prime, 5c; unblenched Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. lc; 2-crown loos>e Muscatels, 5V4c;
i-crown, 6'ic; 4-crown. 7c; London Layer*. 2
crown. $1 00 per box; 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, |2; Dehesa, J2 50; Imperial, M All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS — Walnuts. 8©10%c for standards and 9
@llc for softshells; new Almonds, 123J13Vjc
lor paper shell, SHtTlOc for soft and 6@7c for
hard shell; Peanuts, 5®6^c for Eastern and
606c for California: Brazil Nuts, H@lZ'4c; Fil
berts,-12@ 13c; Pecans. 11'ylSc; Cocoanuts. $3 50
05.
HONEY— Comb. 13®I4c for bright and ll*i®
12V4c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7'i«7>ic; liKht amber, extracted. 6%®7c; dark,
&i.i9r,lic per lb.
BEESWAX— 24S 26c per lb. "
A Flight shading In the prices for medium
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins,
Bartlett Pears continue to advance and are
now scare. Cantaloupes and Nutmeg melons
are firm. Supplies of Grapes and Peaches are
large. Quinces are hIow of sale. Otherwise
there Is nothing new.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— Z5@50c per box for common and
f.Of-ft$l for good to choice.
PEARS— Bartiett. CSc«I$l 15 per box; other
varieties', 3.*ia5Oc per box.
QUINCES— 25ff? 5«»c per box.
STRAWBEIUUES^-f3®4 50 per chest for large
and t.V-j<> for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— (XfQ 5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— \W1 p^r ctl.
HUCKLJSHERRIESr-2tt3c per lb.
FIGS— lf.f»25c for single and S0@6Oc for double
layer boxes.
POMEGRANATES— 75c3$I per box.
PLUMP — :.'v7i JO:- i-«>r box an<t 35<(?30c per crate.
PEACHES— 35@75c per box; In bulk, J20@25
r«r ton for freestones and clings.
GRAPES— Muscat. S0&50C per crate: Seedless.
15C8H per crate; Sweetwater. 3O(f?4Oc; black.
25^1 50c ; Tokay, 2j(f!60c; Isabella. 60<SJS5c; Wine
Grapes, 520W23 per tor. for Zlnfandel.
MKLONS— Nutmegs, 40f)Wc per case; Canta
loupes, 75cS$l 25 per crate; Watermelons, $14$
18, with extra large at $2O(ff25 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons. II 25*12 for com
mon and $2 5f"rj3 for good tr> choice; Mexican
Limes. J6o0^t7; Bananas, $150^2 50 per bunch;
I'lneapples, Jl 50<@3 50 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter and Cheese are as before quoted.
Stocks of both are sufficient for all current
needs.
Eggs are very firm undtr light supplies, but
dealers reported a falling oft In the demand
yesterday, as the retailers had mostly stocked
up during the early part of the week. A few
tale.s over 30c are being made, but the market
is hardly quotable over that figure.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, ZSJi^tc; extra
marks higher; seconds. 22^22^c.
Dairy — Fancy, 22c; good to choice, 20@21c;
common. 15@lSc.
Creamery tub— 2Ci?22Hc per lb.
Pickled roll-19g:20c.
Firkin— 1S^ 19c.
CHEESE— New, 9c; fancy, 10c; old 8(g*Hc;
Young America, IOQIO^c; Eastern, 13Vs®14c,
Weftern. 10912c per lb.
EGGS-Quoted at 17M:<§20e for store and 274
930c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16(§20c spot
and 2lc for fancy to arrive.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Good round Game sells readily at top prices,
but lots out of condition have to go lower. ,
The Poultry market continues In good shape,
the demand taking: all arrivals, hence there Is
no accumulation.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9gl2c for Gob
blers and HS13c for Hens; young Turkeys, 16®
19c; Geere. per pair. Jl 25@1 50; Goslings, »1 609
1 75; Duck*, $3ig4 50 for old and $4@5 for young;
Hens, |4 60<06; Young Roosters. $3<Jj5'&0; Old
Roosters, $4s£45O; Fryers, $434 50; Broilers, $3®
3 60 for large and %Z<82 50 for small; Pigeons,
fl 50 per dozen for old and {1 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, 65(gS5c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbitf. $1 50; Brush Rabbits. 75C'i$l; ware,
$1 25®1 50; Grouse. $6<S7 50; Sage Hens, $2 50;
Mountain Quail, $2 50^3 50 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Prices for almost everything: stand about the
same. The market Is well supplied. Stocks of
Corn are dlmlnlshinc.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c; Early Rose.
25@30c; Curbanks, 39®60c for Rivers and
73cS'$l per ctl for Salinas: Sweets, J1®1 25 for
Rivers and {1 G5 for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, 50(g^5c per ctl; Pickle
Onions. 60@75c.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 73c©$l 25 per
pack, 75c@$l per crate for Berkeley and $1®
150' for Alameda; Green Peas, 2g3c per lb;
String Beans, Iig2^c; Limas, 2H@3Hc: Cab
bage, 40 | gGOc; Tomatoes, Rivers, U@25c; Bay, 20
(g30c; Egg Plant, 40@65c per box; Green Okra,
40S-60O; Green Peppers, 30@50c per box for Chill
and 40<jJ60c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 10@15c;
Carrots, 25fi35c per sack; Summer Squash, 25©
40c for Alameda; Cucumbers, 2O@3Oc for Ala
meda; Pickles. $l*fl 25 per ctl for No. 1 and
S0@-75c for No. 2; Garlic, 3c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash.. $12Q20; Pumpkins, $20 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
A few changes In Henna will be 'observed.
The market Is dull, though some sales are be
ing made.
BRANS— Bayos, $2 40S2 50; Small White. J4;
Large White. S2 50; Pink, J2 25®2 60; Red. $3 25;
Blackeye. U 2.i; Lima. $5 lift 5 25; Pea. none
here; Red Kidneys. *3 25(tJ-3 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Muetard. 4c; Flax, t2@2 20; Canary, 3^4c per
ib for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, Zft@3c; Hemp, 4@4>,ac; Tim
othy. 4!34%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. nominal; Green, $2 25®
2 50 per ctl; Blackeye, $2.
Hay continues dull and weak at unchanged
prices. Other descriptions under thle head are
featureless. ¦
BRAN"— $12 50®13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- $16®19 per ton.
FEE DSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J1C@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J26(§27; Jobbing.
$-7 50@28; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$26 50: Cracked Corn. $27; Mixed Feed. $13 50®14.
HAY — Volunteer. $4 50<&7; Wheat. $10®12;
Wheat and Oat, ?.< 50(511 B0: Oat. JSW10: Clover,
W3*; Alfalfa, ?6®7 50; Barley, |0 50@3 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 30£37>£c r?r bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Oregon and Washington, $2 75123 10 per barrel
for family and ?3 la'Qi 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
$4 7565 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. ?3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Ryo
Bleal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, ?4 50; Hom
iny, |3 50^3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@t 25;
Cracked V»'heat. 'J3 50: Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $">
07 25; In sacks, f,"> 75<g>7; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas, ?5; Green Peas, |3 50 per 100 lbs.
*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIU
10
Chicago Grain Market.
Bld.ASk. , 1
Bl
id.Aslc.
Alpha 04 05 Justice
Alta 02 OSlKentuck
Andes 07 M Lady Wash
Belcher 09 in j Mexican ,
Best & Belcher 26 23 Occidental ....,
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr
Caledonia 4% 30 Overman
Chollar 20 Zl'rotost
Challenge Con. 20 21 ! Savage
Confidence .... 61 65 ; Scorpion
Con Cal t.Va.l 25 1 30JSeB Belcher....
Con Imperial .. 01 O2.?lfrra Nevada.
Con New York — 02 1 Silver Hill ....
Eureka Con.... — 40 St T..oul3 ,
frown Point... 12 HjStandard
03 04
— 01
— 03
•» 11
M 11
» 21
5 10
02 __
to 83
31 32
«2 «3
10 -
M _
Exchequer — 02JSyndlcat«
OouM & Curry 33 35 Union Con
Hale & Norcrs 2i 251-tah
Julia — 0-4 : Yellow Jacket.
3un rises .,
•*un sets ...
Moon seta .
C £lmej
? L W
! Time I 1
I Ft. Ft. -
I h w ;
j Time,
t- IT
i
7 ... 3:30
8 ... 4:11
9 ... 4:55
10 ... 6:33!
0.2 10:21 8.2
0.3 10:i> 5.3
0.7 k:3f) 5.4
i m! irfei 5.«;
' !_
3:421
4:31;
5:3)!
6:03i <
1^
1.71 !
5;?i i
0.4 1 ..
" "I
•Si
li:«;
I
JH W
I f.« R:U' 1.5^
12:43'
2 .".".I 1:481
1 I • -Stl
i 4."» 6:571 2!ft!
1:24!
i 4.5 7:41 2.5
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. j Pier.
Curacao .../Mexico [Sep. 7. 19 amtPler 11
Empire ....(Coos Bay (Sep. 7. 10 am Pier !3
Eureka ....IHumboldt Sep. 7. 10 am Pier 13
Acapulco .. .New York Sep. 8. u mlPMSS
UmatlUa ..(Victoria Sep. 8, II am! Pier 9
Coos Bay... JNetvport Sep. 8. 9am i PlerU
Coiulllo Pv. {Grays Harbor!f?ep. 8. I
Czarina .. .'Seattle (Sep. 9. 10 ami Pier »
State of CaljPortland Sep. 10. 11 am Pier 24
Arcata Coos Bay jSep. 10. 12m;Pierl1
Ft Arena. .'Point Arena.. S»p. 10. 2 pm Pier i
Corona 'Pan Diego Sep. 10. 11 amPI«r 11
Pomona ...IHumboldt (Sep. 10. S pm Pier 9
North Fork'HumboVit Sep. 11. 9 am Pier 2
Ronita iXewport ISep. 12. 9 am Pier 11
Eureka jHumboldt |3ep. 12, 10 am Pier 13
City PueblalVlc & Fst Sd Sep. 13. 11 am Pier 9
Iaqua IHumboldt |Sep. 13,
Del Norte.. I Portland ISep. 14
Santa Rosa'San DIesro jSep. 14. 11 am Pier 11
Xewburi? ..[Grays Harbor'Sep. 14
Columbia ..| Portland !Sep. IS. 11 ami Pier 24
Steamer.
From.
I Dae
Czarina
Newport
State of C<U....
Oak Branch ...
Corona
Xorth Fork I
Pomona
Matteawan
City of Puebla.
. Seati
.Stir
. I Port]
. Portl
.San
JHum
.|Hum
. ITaeo
.IVlctr
:tle
• York
¦land
land
Di^go
iholdt
nholdt
oma
orla
..Sep.
.Sep.
.!s«p.
. 8«p.
.. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
,.|Sep.
Arcata
.Sep.
Pan Mateo
Aaap. ¦
Bonlta
JXewi
-Sep. :
Australia
Iaqua
. I Hone
.jXew]
olulu
"port
.8^
.Sep.
Xewburjr I
.-s Harbor
. 9*p.
Mackinaw
. Peatt
Kureka
..ISep.
Del Xorte !
ilPortl
land
.Sep.
IkkJI
Columbia I
land
.Sep.
Pcnta Rosa
,!Pan ;
Dl»so
. I3i»p.
Point Arena
Crescent City.. [
.JPoin!
[Cresc
it Arena
cent City
..ISep.
.ISep.
Cooa Bay
Xewi
port
.Sep.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. j Pier.
Curacao .../Mexico [Sep. 7. 19 amtPler 11
Empire ....(Coos Bay (Sep. 7. 10 am Pier !3
Eureka ....IHumboldt Sep. 7. 10 am Pier 13
Acapulco .. .New York Sep. 8. u mlPMSS
UmatlUa ..(Victoria Sep. 8, II am! Pier 9
Coos Bay... JNetvport Sep. 8. 9am i PlerU
Coiulllo Pv. {Grays Harbor!f?ep. 8. I
Czarina .. .'Seattle (Sep. 9. 10 ami Pier »
State of CaljPortland Sep. 10. 11 am Pier 24
Arcata Coos Bay jSep. 10. 12m;Pierl1
Ft Arena. .'Point Arena.. S»p. 10. 2 pm Pier i
Corona 'Pan Diego Sep. 10. 11 amPI«r 11
Pomona ...IHumboldt (Sep. 10. S pm Pier 9
North Fork'HumboVit Sep. 11. 9 am Pier 2
Ronita iXewport ISep. 12. 9 am Pier 11
Eureka jHumboldt |3ep. 12, 10 am Pier 13
City PueblalVlc & Fst Sd Sep. 13. 11 am Pier 9
Iaqua IHumboldt |Sep. 13,
Del Norte.. I Portland ISep. 14
Santa Rosa'San DIesro jSep. 14. 11 am Pier 11
Xewburi? ..[Grays Harbor'Sep. 14
Columbia ..| Portland !Sep. IS. 11 ami Pier 24
Steamer.
From.
I Dae
Czarina
Newport
State of C<U....
Oak Branch ...
Corona
Xorth Fork I
Pomona
Matteawan
City of Puebla.
. Seati
.Stir
. I Port]
. Portl
.San
JHum
.|Hum
. ITaeo
.IVlctr
:tle
• York
¦land
land
Di^go
iholdt
nholdt
oma
orla
..Sep.
.Sep.
.!s«p.
. 8«p.
.. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
,.|Sep.
Arcata
.Sep.
Pan Mateo
Aaap. ¦
Bonlta
JXewi
-Sep. :
Australia
Iaqua
. I Hone
.jXew]
olulu
"port
.8^
.Sep.
Xewburjr I
.-s Harbor
. 9*p.
Mackinaw
. Peatt
Kureka
..ISep.
Del Xorte !
ilPortl
land
.Sep.
IkkJI
Columbia I
land
.Sep.
Pcnta Rosa
,!Pan ;
Dl»so
. I3i»p.
Point Arena
Crescent City.. [
.JPoin!
[Cresc
it Arena
cent City
..ISep.
.ISep.
Cooa Bay
Xewi
port
.Sep.
3un rises .,
•*un sets ...
Moon seta .
C £lmej
? L W
! Time I 1
I Ft. Ft. -
I h w ;
j Time,
t- IT
i
7 ... 3:30
8 ... 4:11
9 ... 4:55
10 ... 6:33!
0.2 10:21 8.2
0.3 10:i> 5.3
0.7 k:3f) 5.4
i m! irfei 5.«;
' !_
3:421
4:31;
5:3)!
6:03i <
1^
1.71 !
5;?i i
0.4 1 ..
" "I
•Si
li:«;
I
JH W
I f.« R:U' 1.5^
12:43'
2 .".".I 1:481
1 I • -Stl
i 4."» 6:571 2!ft!
1:24!
i 4.5 7:41 2.5
Bld.ASk. , 1
Bl
id.Aslc.
Alpha 04 05 Justice
Alta 02 OSlKentuck
Andes 07 M Lady Wash
Belcher 09 in j Mexican ,
Best & Belcher 26 23 Occidental ....,
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr
Caledonia 4% 30 Overman
Chollar 20 Zl'rotost
Challenge Con. 20 21 ! Savage
Confidence .... 61 65 ; Scorpion
Con Cal t.Va.l 25 1 30JSeB Belcher....
Con Imperial .. 01 O2.?lfrra Nevada.
Con New York — 02 1 Silver Hill ....
Eureka Con.... — 40 St T..oul3 ,
frown Point... 12 HjStandard
03 04
— 01
— 03
•» 11
M 11
» 21
5 10
02 __
to 83
31 32
«2 «3
10 -
M _
Exchequer — 02JSyndlcat«
OouM & Curry 33 35 Union Con
Hale & Norcrs 2i 251-tah
Julia — 0-4 : Yellow Jacket.TYLER M. J. MEYER.
STOCKTON*. Sept. 6.— The first State
conference of the German Methodist Epis
copal church In this city was commenced
this morning, Bishop Hamilton of San
Francisco officiating. Last evening a re
ception was given the Bishop at the
church. Only preliminary work was gone
through with to-day. To-night Bishop
Hamilton delivered an address on tne sub
ject of the Freedman's Aid Society, with
which Institution he was connected for
German Methodist Conference.
PASO ROBLES. Sept. 6.-011 has been
discovered near Slmmler. a point sixty
miles east of here.' The find was made at
a depth of three feet. About a barrel a
day Is being obtained.- ' Great excitement
Is promised as soon as the discovery be
comes generally known.
w.^: Feet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• OIL NEAR SIMMLER.
Strike Made at a Depth of Only Three
St. John's bazaar, that has been held
out In the Mission at old St. Mnry's Col
lege for the last, eight days, closed last
night. The fair was a great success, both
financially ani socially. Rev. Father
Brady netted a nice sum in aid of the
building fund for the church, and work
on the erection of the sacred edifice will
begin early In the spring. .
The youngr people of the parish Intend
giving a trolley ride the early part of
next week for the benefit of the building
fund. Tickets may be obtained frora
"Will Give a Trolley Bide.
Carried an Ugly "Weapon.
¦ James Higgins, a young man. was rr
restcd last night by Detectives Ryan and
Dillon and Policeman Scott and charged
with carrying a concealed weapon. He
had In his possession a piece of irasnlne
filled with shot. Higgins claims that the
weapon was given him by a friend named
Silvey to keep for him until to-day.
John T. Hogan. an attorney, who was
convicted by Judge Fritz on the charge of
obtaining money by false pretenses from
Charles Schueppe. an old man. appeared
for sentence yesterday. The Judge sent
him to the County Jail for thirty-flve
days.
Attorney Sent to Jail.
Albert Vincent, a hostler 73 years old,
died suddenly yesterday morning while
washing harness in a. stable at 1115 Elm
.ivenue. Death is ascribed to natural
causes.
Sudden Death of a Hostler.
Detectives Dillon and Ryan arrested
Thomas Wallace, a well-known crook, at
the corner of Twelfth and Howard streets
last night. Wallace had several picklocks
in his possession and was evidently pre
pared to do business. He was locked up In
the tanks at the City Prison, whore he
will remain until after the celebration.
Detectives Catch a Crook.
A streetcar collision occurred at th©
corner of Montgomery avenue and Kearny
street shortly after 9 o'clock last night
A strand in the cable caught the grin of
a Union-street car and dragged it in front
of a Kearny-street car that was eomlne
down a steep hill. The Union-street car
was smashed and several persons sitting
on the dummy narrowly escaped injury
Streetcar Collision.
Thf body of Mrs. Olivia Green, a colored
woman 41 years of age. was found yester
day morning in an outhouse In the rear
of her rooms at 1416 Powell street by Mrs.
Crescencia Bineda, a neighbor. Mrs.
Green was a divorced woman and sup
ported herself by doing washing and other
Housework. About » o'clock on Wednes
day night a colored man visited her. and
when Deputy Coroner Brown was in
formc-d of mat fact he notified the police.
Den-dive Reynolds was directed to make
an lnve«tigntion. An autopsy In the aft
ernoon at the Morgue dispelled the Idea
of foul play, for It was established be
vend a doubt that the woman died d
heart disease.
Sudden Dsath of Olivia Green.
§OME time ago Mitchell J. Meyer, an
old-time resident of this city and
one of the oldest members of the
National Guard, completed the
twenty-fifth year of service as tyler
of Fidelity Lodge of Free and Accepted
Masons. The lodge wishing to show Us
appreciation of faithful, continuous ser
vice covering a period during which the
tyler absented himself from the outor
portal but twice, and that on account of
illness, agreed to give him a surprise In
the shape of a banquet, at which he was
to be presented with a valuable gold
watch. Within a few days before the
time fixed for the surprise the veteran
servitor surprised the lcOge by becoming
suddenly ill and the banquet was called
off for a time. As soon as he recovered
sufficiently to receive a committee from
the lodge one waited on him at his home
and presented him the watch, the Rev.
Dr. Voorsanger representing the senti
ments of the donators in a clever address.
Since that time the tyler. who Is known
by all who are acquainted with him as
"Corporal" Meyer, because of his long
service in the Guard, during which time
he declined to accept any position higher
than that which carries with it two chev
rons, has fully recovered and last night
the lodge made him the guest of honor at
the long-delayed banquet, which wa«j
served in a Pine street rotisserie. There
were present about seventy-five members,
including the officers, ivho are: A. T.
Barnet W. M. ; Lucius S. Solomons, S.
W.; B.'L. Stone, J. W.; Fred Barry, R.;
Max Goldman. T.; Wallace Wi.se and
Jacob Xleto, stewards; T. Cohn. S. D.;
M. Freidman. J. D-; J. R. Ogelsby. O.
L». S. Solomons was toastmaster and after
a supper, the discussion of which took
two hours, the toastmaster called upon
the Rev. Jacob Voorsanger to say a few
words to the guest. This he did In an
eloquent short address and there was a
brief response by the corporal. Then fol
lowed selections by the lodge quartet and
responses to toasts by the Rev. Jacob
Nieto. Past Master Manhelm, Past Master
A. M. Armer and a number of others.
The event, a most delightful one, was ar
i a need by a committee of one, Max Gold
man.
Heirs at Law Allege the Dead Capi
talist Was Not of Sound
Mind.
The will of the late James P. Dameron
has been contested. Mrs. J. S. Putney,
Mrs. S. Harper Harrett, Mrs. Sarah A.
Preston, W, H. Smith. Robert L. Taylor,
John H. Taylor. Caswell W. Taylor. Har
din \V. Taylor. J. D. Galbralth and John
It. Dameron, heirs at law of the deceased
filed a petition yesterday asklnpr that the
order heretofore made admitting deced
ent's testament to probate be revoked
The contestants, who are represented hv
Attorney J. K. Riley. allege as ground's
of contest that the deceased was of un
sound mind and that the evidence upon
which the will was admitted to probate
was Insufficient.
. Ja ,?r P - Cameron, who died Fehruary
4. 1S99. was a well-known capitalist
Since his death there has been much liti
gation over his estate, but the present
contest promises interesting dovelop-
JAMES P. DAMERON'S
WILL IS CONTESTED
The crew worked strenuously to rescue
their companions, but quickly saw there
was no hope of finding them alive. When
the remains were uncovered the body of
Stanton was found badly manjtled, his
head crushed flat. Panpolllo's body was
crushed less, though every bone seemed
to be broken to bits.
The men were residents of Stockton.
Stanton leaves a wife. Panpolllo went
to work only this morninp. He ia sur
vived by a wife and five children.
No blame attaches to anybody, as the
bank seemed the most solid in the pit.
LODI, Sept. 6.— Twenty tons of fallfns
earth crushed the life out of Hupti Stan
ton and Vincesso Panpolllo in a sandpit
a mile and a half north of here this aft
ernoon at 1 o'clock. A gang of section
hands was engaged loading flatcars with
sand and clay for the local yards when
Stanton. Panpolllo and two others com
menced to dig under a hlsh bank .which
had a natural slope extending inwardly.
Suddenly the clay bank above broke loose,
burylns Stanton and Panpolllo. The other
two men escaped with slight bruises.
Social DI?r>atch to The Call.
Hugh Stanton and Vincesso Pan
pollio Perish and Others of
Their Comrades Narrowly
Escape Death.
High Bank Gives Way and Crashes
Down Upon a Gang of Sec
tion Employes.
Workmen Killed WMle Ex
cavating in a Sandpit
Near Lodi.
T0NS 0F CAVING
EARTH CRUSHED
OOT WO LIES
PORTLAND. Sept. 6.— The annual meet
ing of the Oregon Railroad and Naviga
tion Company was held in this city to
day. The stockholders' meeting elected
the following board of directors- "W B
Ayer, Portland; \V. 1* Bull, New York:
E. S. Benson. Portland: H. W. Cannon
New York: \V. D. Cornish. New York;
H. W. Corhett. Portland; U*. \V. Cotton.
Portland: E. H. Ilarriman. New York: \V
S. I.acM. .Portland; A. L. Mills. Portland:
A. L. Mohler. Portland: Mil#<» C. Moore.
Walla Walla: Wlnslow S. Pierce. New
York; Mortirr.e* L,. Schiff. Xew York; K.
AW Scott. Portland. K. H. Harrlman T.-a-i
elected chairman of the board of dsreci
ors.
The only change In the personnel of tha
preceding year was the substitution of K.
S. Benson on the board of directors iu
place of William Mclntosh.
At the subsequent meeting of the board
of directors the following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: A. L. Moh
ler. president: Charles C\ Beaman. general
counsel: W« W, Cotton, secretary and gen
eral attorney; Alexander Miller, assistant
secretary; F. V. S. Crosby, treasurer; G.
F. Withington. assistant treasurer; K. S.
Benson, general auditor: executive com
mittee W. L. Bull. If. W. Cannon. "W. L>.
Cdrnish. E. H. Harrlman, Winslow S.
Pierce. Mortimer L. Schiff.
NEW DIRECTORATE NAMED.
Knights and Ladies of the Order Take
Charge of the Pavilion for a
Night.
Special PI?ratch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. «.-The Knfffhtg
and Toadies of the Maccabees had their
special night at the pavilion to-night. an1
they were present in great numbers. The
knights and ladies and visiting members
assembled at Foresters' Hall at 7:3) o'clock
and marched several hundred strons
to the great exposition building. A re
ception was held in the directors' room
and refreshments were served. A short
but attractive musical anil literary pro
gramme was presented. Eudocla S. Mof
fat. deputy State commander of the I>a
dies of the Maccabees, and S. W. Hall
State commander of the Knights of tha
Maccabees, delivered short addresses.
A pleasant feature of the occasion. t\n<\
on<> which all the visitors to the pavilion
enjoyed, was a drill by sixteen young la
dies, members of the order, on the music
platform.
To-morrow will be commercial travelers"
<iajr. and it will tw a red-letter day with
the merry drummers. They will have a
mulo race at Agricultural Park to-mor
row morning— or. as they call It. a horse
less carriage contest— and th*» day's fes
tivities will wind up with a night at tha
pavilion and a royal banquet. T
thirteen years. Th«i conference will la^t
the remainder of the week.
MACCABEES SUPREME
AT THE STATE FAIR
foie the mob of drunken warriors could
be subdued.
The trouble started when Officers Barry
and Nelson attempted to arrest T. J.
Doud. a soldier of the Fifth Infantry, for
disturbing the peace. The soldier's com
panions came to his rescue and soon the
policemen became targets for a shower
of blows. Officers George Douglass.
James Connolly and Special William
Thompson took a hand in the affray, and
a riot alarm was sent in to the Callfornia
stieet police station. Captain Wlttman
was visiting the Station and hurried to
the scene of the trouble with reinforce
ments. After some minutes of hard fight
ing the oisturbanc was quelled.
Doud was charged with disturbing the
peace and resisting an officer. The police
nave received instructions to deal sum
marily with all soldiers who show a dis
position to break the laws while in the
city.
Warriors Attempt to Rescue Comrade
From Patrolmen at Bush and
Bupont Streets.
Another battle between the soldiers and
the police occurred at the corner of Bush
and Dupont streets shortly before mid
night last night. Eighteen of the com
batants were arrested and the policemen
were obliged to use their clubs and the
butt end of their pistols pretty freely be-
POLICE BATTLE ONCE
MORE WITH SOLDIERS
Fidelity Masonic Lodge
Honors One of Its Faith-
Ful OFFicers.
DELAYED BANQUET
TO TYLER MEYER
HELENA, Mont., Sept. 6.— The Repub
lican State Convention finished its busi
ness to-day. The State ticket was com
pleted by the selection of Frank J. Ed
wards of Helena for Treasurer, C. ¦ C.
Proctor of Great Falls for State Auditor,
Rudolph von Tobel of Lewlston for As
sociate Justice and \V. E. Harmon of
Bozeman for Superintendent of Public In
struction.
After the adoption of the platform ex-
Senator \V. F. Sanders introduced a reso
lution calling upon the State Senators
four In number — who voted for "W. A.
Clark for United States Senator to resign
their offices in order that their places
might be filled with Republicans who
would not vote for a Democrat. The reso
lution was put without a word of debate
and on a viva voce vote was carried.
The platform eulogizes and Indorses Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt and congratulates
the people of Montana upon prosperity
affirmed to have come to Montana. as a
result of the election of McKlnley four
years ago. Senator Thomas B. Carter is
commended In strong terms and Republic
cans who voted for Senator W. A. Clark
denounced. -
Who Voted for Clark Denounced.
Treachery of Montana Republicans
"W. H. King was nominated for Congress
by acclamation and James H. Moyle for
Governor on the first ballot. For Secre
tary of State Fi&her H. Harris was nom
inated, and the convention then adjourned
until to-morrow morning.
'read out of the party.
It declares anew for the free and un
limited coinage of silver at 16 to 1 nnd
says that trusts constitute an intolerable
evil, to the eradication of which the Dem
ocratic party is pledged. The election of
United States Senators by direct vote of
the people is advocated, as is also the
reclamation of our vast arid region Th<?
Republican party is denounced for it3
Philippine and Porto lt.can policies; for
Its attitude toward trusts, and for the po
sition it has taken on the' money question
The platform deplores the return of cer
tain Utah Republicans "who fought their
party for principle in 1836 and have since
become its apologists and devotees."
The platform approves the national
platform adopted at Kansas City and
heartily Indorses the nominees of that
convention; favors progress and expansion
"by peaceable methods to pe.ople who are
fit for association in the sisterhood of the
republic, but we oppose expansion by con
quest and the subjugation of peoples unlit
for our citizenship."
The night session was called to order at
8 o'clock, but nothing was done until 8:30,
when the resolutions committee made ltd
report. It was read by Senator Rawllns
and unanimously adopted.
After the appointment of the commit
tees the convention took a recess until
4 o'clock. On reconvening Congressman
W. H. King was made permanent chair
man. At the conclusion of his address
the resolutions committee asked for more
time to complete Its report. After an ad
dress hy Judge O. W. Powers a recess
was taken until 7 o'clock.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Sept. 6.— The Dem
ocratic State Convention to nominate a
State ticket, one Congressman and three*
Presidential electors was called to order
at 11:30 o'clock to-day and ex-Senator
Frank J. Cannon named as temporary
chairman. Mr. Cannon received an ova
tion when he appeared on the platform.
He spoke for over an hour, touching upon
tlnances. tariff, trusts and Imperialism.
He said it devolved upon the Democratic
party ro rescue the country from impend
ing danger. Mr. Cannon announced him
self not only a Democrat, but a Jeflferson
ian Democrat. He said he had walked
for four years within sight of the Demo
cratic campfires and entered the camp
with joy in lfiOO. His speech was punctu
ated by frequent applause.
For Governor — James H.
Moyle.
For Secretary of State —
Fisher H. Harris.
For Congress — "W. H. King.
First Ballot Decides the Contest for
the Head of the Ticket and
King Is Named for Con
gress.
UTAH DEMOCRATS
NOMINATE MOYLE
Point Lobos Improvement Club Sug
gests Measures by Which Lo
cality May Be Bsautified.
At the meeting of the Point Lobos Im
provement Club last held the question of
having the district planted with shade
trees was discussed. A majority of the
members favored the plan, while others
who seemingly spoke from experience in
different parts of the city were opposed
on the ground that trees draw dampness
and fog. The question was passed over
for the purpose of obtaining the consen
sus of opinion of the residents and prop
erty owners before final action was taken.
A determined effort will be made to
have more electric lights distributed over
the Richmond district. To succeed In this
a committee consisting- of Dr. L. E. Brim,
H. L. Horn and H. W. Jnundin were ap
pointed to wait on the Board of Public
Works.
Lot owners who are hedging on the eco
nomical side of pxpensp and who decline
to fence in their lots for the purpose of
keeping the gand from drifting over the
streets and sidewalks will be reminded
that there is a law covering their cases.
To provide this reminder, a committee
consisting of John J. Cassidy. W. M. de
Wolf and W. C. Belllngton was appointed.
Red dust being obnoxious to the people
of Richmond, it was determined that a
greater supply of salt water lx> asked for
to sprinkle Point Lobos avenue
The question of lessening the width of
the sidewalks on Clement street from 19
to 15 feet nnd adding the spaco to the
street is row in the hands of the city
surveyor for the purpose of ascertaining
the cost. Six concrete sidewalks for the
territory bounded by First and sixth ave
nues on the east and west and Point Lo
bos avenue on the south and I^ako street
on the north will be advocated by a spe
cial committee before the Board o"f Public
Works at the next meeting of that body.
SHADE TREES FOR THE
RICHMOND DISTRICT
Mrs. Del Valle Recovers Valuable
Property by Strategy From
Her Dishonest Menial.
Mrs. J. del Valle. residing at 1711 Web
ster street, was robbed yesterday of jl
handsvme diamond pin and a watch
valued at $150 by a Japanese female ser
vant, who had been in her employ but
two days. She recovered the property the
same day by strategy and discharged the
girl.
Mrs. del Valle. while visiting the ser
vant's room, observed that her pin was
sticking out of the latter's purse a? it lay
on the bed. She at once accused the girl
of theft and secured her confession of
having taken the pin. It Was then ais
covered that the watch was missing and
the police were called In. Mrs. del Valle
preferred recovering the property to pros
ecuting the servant and made a proposi
tion to allow the Japanese womtm to
search the house alone. After the girl
had gone through one room the watcn
was placed by her on a bed, where the
lady of the house found It.
The servant is Mary Miyamoto, whose
husband keejjs an employment agency.
The help furnished by this agency have
i often been accused of theft. On morv
than one occasion the police have threat
' ened to have his license revoked.
ROBBED BY HER NEW
JAPANESE SERVANT
will close on tho 10th inst. Tho office of
the aFFOciiition. fit parlor A. Palace Hotel,
Is open daily until 10 n, m. Full informa
tion will be given applicants by the sup^r
lntendent; H. D. LaJdlaw. Two hundred
and forty-six classes have bepn opened,
covering ev«ry breed of dug. No pedigree
is necessary to show a dop. and the dop
without a pedigree is the possessor of as
pood a chance of winning; when once In
the riner as the bluest blooded canine.
The ontry fee is $3. and the exhibitor re
eelvts therefor a ticket that Rives admis
sion to all tho attractions of the fair.
The entry ft>f- covers all the expenses In
cidental to the exhibiting: of the dog.
Kntries for the inaujrural bench show of
the San Francisco and San Mateo Agri
cultural Association at Tanforan Park
The Tanforan Dog Show.
Father Brady or from any younp ladies
of the parish for 60 conts each.
WOODLAND. Sept. o.— Ernest G. Griffin of this city and Miss Geraldine M.
(!e I.ar.o of Sacramento were married at noon on Wednesday j Sep
tember 5. at the residence of the parents of the bride. Mr. and Mrs. T.
J. dc Lano, corner Twenty-fifth and M streets, Sacramento. Father
Quinn of Sacramento officiated. The young couple left for San Fran
cisco by the afternoon train, where they will spend their honeymoon until the
close of the 5=e»rif-ronter.nial celebration, after which they will return "to Wood
land to rrsidr. The bride is a mest estimable yfiunp lady and related to
the Crocker family. Her father has been In flie employ of th* Southern Pacific
Company for many year?. Mr. Griffin is a son of Sheriff O. AV. Griffin and has
been connected with the Sheriff's office for six years. He is an efficient officer and
a popular younpmaru
Special Dispatch to The Call.
(¦A!,!, HEADQUARTERS. SAN JOSE.
P^rit. 0. — As pretty a fi^ht as a politician
cu'.d wiFh developed In the Seventh Dis
t ¦¦'<! when it had mottled preliminary rtlf-
Rctiltlea and got down to nominations to
r.ieht. It was four-corn»>red arid Jt xva?
: • •, »nd it took three ballots to land W.
!\ Crlrhton of Frc.~no. and then he get in
!>y bat one. His nomination was aftcr
irard mad' unanimous, but only after he
hed earned It.
Maurice K. Power? of Tolare was plect
<v'i chairman and Henry Newman of Tu
);iv »as made secretary. It was decided
fri«t there should be a roll call of counties
and that the chairman of each county del
<rv Men fhou'd announce the vote of his
C'kvty.
X * first ballot showed 14 for Maddox.
?2 :.jr Castle. '£f for Orichton and 22 for
HoW.mb. It took 50 to elect. Another hal
lo', was flrdert-d. and this time Crlchton
pot 47. Marfdox 10, Holcomb 19 and Castle
12. In this ballot Kern, that had jrfven on
the tirpt vote .1 for. Maddox. 1 for Castle
and 3 for Holcomb. deserted Maddox and
Holcomb and gave 7 for Crlchton and 1
for Castle. There were wild yells from
the Cricnton men In consequence. Pres-
TACTIOliAX FIGHT
IN THE SEVENTH
L CAUL! HEADQrARTERS, SAX JOSH.
. .-; «. 6.~\VT»eo the delegates to the F.fth
Congressional District afs^mbled In the
crrnvention hall to nominate a Congress
man and Pi ewUlf nllli electors Judpo Craig:
«>f San Francisco announced that there
would bo n-> mrrtlnjr until the committee.
on credentials had filed its report. An aci
jtiurnmc-nt was th*>n tnk<--n until the call
cf thf ch.Tir. which will be announce 2
from the convention tilatform.
PrMviaJ Pirr-atr-h to The <^al!
FIFTH AWAITING
ITS CREDENTIALS
Democratic theory an1 our f«",rm of govem
rr.'-rt ! s the best the vorld ha* ever •'en. It
i« t?*e administration of it that hae brought
DS to where we are. We lone for It as it was
t. '.rr.ir.iftered In the «iiys pone bjr, when we
(rr.-w and proyriered. and the hum of our fac
tories ar>d th" m-hirr r,t the harvester did en-
Mrhten and astonish the world.
Ocr apiifil to-day Is rot alone for a. national
policy, f >j t !>r a national existence, for a re
publie. not for an ertipire.
Our protest is against imperialism,
militarism and trustism.
Our r'-lianre is ir. our platform nnd the hon
ertj Independent rotcr of the country, aided
»nd asr-i^ted and directed by the history of the
r*st Our hope is in the election of our frar
(en capable and henert standard Iwarer. Wil-
Ur.m Jennings Bryan. _
no traitor, I am ready to haul down
the Stars arid Stripes, and in their
stead to adopt, as the flag of our coun
try, Teddy Roosevelt's hat.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. San
Sept. 6.— Robert M. Fitzgerald
Alameda. temporary chairman of
the Democratic State Convention, on
t"king the gavel, spoke as follows:
tT is r.. .V:> «* for rr.e to say that I am rro
'ounily trat^ful for the distinction an<l
the bonor whirh you have so ijraeiou5ly
conferred upen me to-<isy. I fully realize
••• ropOBBftflltlf and tattea which are
1 ¦ mine ar..1 a«*um<> them with the hope that.
¦ ¦• ynur aid. I may respond to them Jn such
1 wanner n? to merit your epproval. Such,
: st.--:; be n.y *>srn-"M endeavor.
I am not an alarmist, yet I belie-c»
that vre are now on the threshold of
ciz? cf the most important political
crmp'igns xrhich our country has
ever seen.
Th. re wa< a tItT!" wr>n we eoaM voice a!oud |
5>">; did without apolopy our *;Trps.thy for the j
¦- ": tram the emerald isle, for the etrufr
. ¦ «r Boer. ' r the slaughtered Armenian and
FttrVlag <"uban. and it was this sympathy
f liberty that called forth from
-s the hufban<is and fathers, sons
¦•'-'¦> marned the pjr.s at Manila
• aloft the f.ag at Pantiaso and
'•.••- -".r.iard on San Juan Hill.
Government of Filipinos. .
' 1 ty.ct we are pivirp the Kllipinos
rnr»nt in exchange for their rice
f •>!£$, mint! and «ugar plantations and the
f tho'.r liberty and their frMim.
tbiM is about what the trusts and
um -- Bfl at home for (rood povern
trent. .'-"' perhiipi the brown man ought not
!<» expect anything better.
'.V. air told thet we are to be a world power.
-\i'. became a world power, the cr^ate^t the
5 haf ever known or Fe<»R, when Wash
t *. -i. without the aid of transports, led oar
& -^ v. hen Jrfferi=<-in wrote the Declaration
1 t 'i'-p*-n<!»*nc**. whey* F"rHTi'*is Pcott Key wr*~-te
ster Franeied nar.ner." Now when we
y tV.Rt we wish to remain that «arr.e world
ro-ner >\ tore* of example rather than by
: .-,-.» nf Tirm*. th.-t we think it better to extend
ttw *w->°- msr.V tiehts at home than to extend
... £r&v«7>r£f flt liorr.e ar.1 abroad, better to
• xt»:r<J hie privQegca than t" increase hlf taxe?.
we «r<" <-j\\*<i r"««M( and traitors.
CoTvards. or no co-srRrds. traitor or
DEMOCRACY'S CREED
IS EXPOUNDED BY
R. M. FITZGERALD
follows: t
Condemning the Republican partv for
inconjOrtency In bringing the American
oiler :nto direct competition with Asiatic
ibor and favoro* the re-enactra'-nt or
Chines* .'xclusion act and other laws
10 exclude all Asiatic labor
Commercing the ability and integritv
of Bryan and Btevenson and inviting to
:; V.: r - : '' :pr '"L t a!1 wno oppose Imperialism.
Pledging the party to the support of acts
; !•• vidins increased revenue for the State
LrJversity.
L'rrlng upon Congress the adoption of a
t r vi rational policy for the construction
*J * tor-age reservoirs by the National Gov-
J •. ment in the arid regions, to b« free for
,t use of the people forever.
vortnfr the rehabilitation of hydraulic
minin* under proper conditions
Favoring the building of impounding
works on the Yuba, Bear. American and
other rivers by Congress.
Favoring suitable appropriations for the
improvement of rivers and harbors.
I ivoring a constitutional amendment
crrb.'.n* the enactment of primary laws.
Favoring the abolition of writs of in
junction in labor di«=putef=, the improve
ment of the child labor laws, the regula
tion of employment agencies and the Im
provement of the Far.lta.ry condition of
workshops.
Condemning discrimination In favor of
the property of railroad corporations and
favnrinjr the election of members of the
State Board of Equalization at large.
Favoring the election of a Railroad
Commission by the people at large, and
denouncing the present board for failing
to me<n the cxp»>-t;ition of the people, and
coniemririir the Republican party for fail
:r.c to supply sufficient appropriations to
continue necessary litigation.
All nominees are pledged to the use r,f
the Allied Printing Trades" label on fill
printing, ard candidates for the Leglsla
'•:?¦¦> are p!.'^g> rj to oppose all measures
K-falch t« j nd to interfere with the right of
¦ rr.-in to quit fcta employment.
A separate resolution will be introduced
-¦ up."- Congress the passage of
measures for the preservation of the red
wemi f«!>-est«.
A r««"-,iution congratulating Marion de
Vr:< s for bis recent appointment to a posi
tion in th.i 1 Federal Btrvice was adopted
r.r.d win ho presented to the convention
to-morrow .
v::i meet him at 9 o'clock to-morrow at
be Hotel Vendome to adopt the platfortn
f possible in time to present it to the
nnventicn at the morning session The
l&tXona will contain planks in essence as
ted upon to-n:*ht. and the committee
Machine manufacturing has brought
with it fearfui competition among manu
facturers for the s:ile of their product*,
and among workers for employment.
Just now there is a lull In the United
States, but the months are short sin< - o
thousands were idle and knew not where
to earn their bread, or when the pitiless
night of Idleness would end. Of that vast
number who passed through this long
dark period, half starved yet not repeal
ing their true condition to the world out
side and bravely trying to preserve body
and hope, we shali never know. Th*»
machinery for doing almost everything I*
so vast and efficient that as soon a.s ail
its mighty energies are put forth the
world's demands are quickly satisfied.
Already the sign* of overproduction are
appearing and the lines of. • competition
are tightening.
The last phase, and most wondrous of
all. to be noticed Is that with the division
of employments and the dependence of
every one on so many others for the sat
isfying of his wants no one lives in dis
quietude by reason of his dependent con
dition. The millions In the cities retire
at night expecting that the milkman anl
market man and grocer will serve them
In the morning, while they In turn ¦will in
some way serve him. This dependence*
is so universal that we think nothing
about it. unless a blizzard sweeps over
the country, stopping transportation, and
then the dwellers in the cities awaken to
the unwelcome fact that they are llvtnsr
on the edge of starvation. But the world
has adjusted itself so perfectly to the
new conditions, each doing a single thln<»
and exchanging the product of hla to-l
for other things, that he does not thlnJc
of the wonderful social machine of which
he forms a part. Great as many of thf»
factories are. the social machine Is sti'l
greater: and great as the friction i«
among its parts, the diapason la after ill
the prevailing tone among all nation*
where civilization and manufacturing
have attained their greatest height.
ALBERT S. BOLLE3.
Haverford College.
Or.e other machine must not be omltte I
in any glimpse at this subject. The mod
ern methods of making cheap steel have
wrought one of the greatest of all trans
formations in manufacture. Through
these the age of iron is passing into the
ago of steel. The most famous of all tb^
steel inventions is that of Sir Edward
Bessemer. Thi.s consists in converting
pig Iron into malleable Iron by driving
i.ir through the molten metal to burn out
the impurities. The effect of the blast
in to burn out the silicon, carbon, sulphur
and phosphorus. But Bessemer slmplv
deoarburized and desiliconlzed melted
cast iron, r.or was that even good iron.
To make steel of this m*>tal it was need
ful to restore the carbon, and this was
done by Mushet. Bessemer discovered
enly a part of the process, which wuuM
have been worthless without Mushet's a.l
ditiun. The tro perfected one of the
greatest processes in the manufacturing
world. How often has an Incomplete or
seemingly fruitier idea been wrought out
and made priceless by another.
To make a tine quality of iron it la nec
essary to "puddle " it. This was an ex
pensive and somewhat slow process. The
puddlers received the highest wages of
any class of ironworkers anil were mas
ters of th* situation. In making steel the
puddler Is no longer required, and he \a
destined at no distant day to be numbered
with the extinct dodos*.
Ark-wright's Invention was given to the
world the same venr as the engine by
Watts. But the way was not clear fir
any of these great inventors. Not lonsr
after Hargreaves began to operate his
spinning Jenny the working people in that
section of the country broke into h:s
house and destroyed the jennies he had
there, "and made the town and neighbor
hood too hot for him." When Lor.l
Hur.dson claimed from Queen Elizabeth
a reward for William Lee, who had in
vented the stocking frame, she replUrt:
"My lord. I have too much love for mv
poor nenple who obtain their bread hv
thp employment of knitting to give my
money to forward an invention that will
tend to their ruin by depriving them of
employment and thua make them beg
gars." and the riot* over the use of thl3
invention in the midland counties of Eng
land were rife for more than two centu
ries. Indeed, whatever may be charger!
up to th*> credit of the great Inventions
of the world, there ?lre many items that
must be entered on the other side. Nnr
err. the toiling millions be greatly blamed
if they still regard the Invention* which
deprive them even temporarily of work
as th»:r ••nemies.
afterward the rotary carding machine
came into use.
First, with nice eye. emerging Nalds cull
From leathery rods the vegetable wool;
With wiry te«th revohirg cards release*
The tan<!e<J knots, and smooth the ravele.1
fleece; *
Nrxt movrs th<- iron hand with flriKers f.ntt.
Combs the vvide card, and forms the eternal
lire.
COMPARATIVE STUDIES Of TY.1/O CENTURIES.
X.
(Concluded.)
One of the greatest changes that ever
occurred In English manufacturing was
the transfer of a considerable portion of
the. woolen Industry from Flanders tc
England during the reign of Edward 1 IT.
For many year* the wool was sent from
England to that country and manufac
tured into cloth, and in that form brought
back and sold. Fianders was the greatest
wool manufacturing country of the time.
The Cistercian monks possessed vast
ranges of moorland in Yorkshire and be
came famous as wool growers. Edward I
drew a permanent revenue from this
source by laying a heavy tax on the wcol
exported. Edward III married a Flemish
Princess. PhiHppa of Hainault. nnd dur
ing his reign instead of sending English
wool abroad to be manufactured and re
turned he began to draw Flemish work
men into England to manufacture the
wool there. An old writer. Fuller. In 1HC-5
quaintly said: "The King and state began
now to grow sensible of the great gain
the Netherlands got by our English wool.
In memory wheieof the Duke of Bergundy
not long afterward instituted the order of
the Golden Fleece, where, indeed, the
fleece was ours, the golden theirs, so vast
their emolument by the trade cf clothing.
Our Kir.K therefore resolved if possible
to attract the trade to his own country,
who as yet were ignorant of that art. us
knowing no more what to do with their
wool than the ?h*>ep that wear It, as t:i
any artificial ;>nd curious drapery, ihfir
best clothes then being no better than
friezes such their coarseness for want of
skill in their making." Hut in those days
the people did net go from one country to
another as they pleased, and it was not an
easy thing to draw these Flemish woolen
workers into Ergland. If Edward's Que?n
had not fx-en a Fleming the task would
have been far more difficult. This ren
dered intercourse between the two coun
trlos rasler. Fuller then tells how the
Dutchmen were drawn over. "Unsuspected
emissaries" were employed by Edward to
visit Flanders, who went among the wooi
workers and "bemoaned the slavishncss
of these poor servants, whom their mas
ters used rather like heathens than Chris
tians; ¦'•ea. rather like horses than men."
Vp early and late to bed. working hard,
and with harder fare— a few herrings and
moldy cheese— and all this to enrich their
masters. How happy should they be. so
they were told, if they would but come
over to England and bring their mystery
wlth them. "Here they should feed on fat
beef and mutton, till nothing but their
fullness should stint their stomachs; yea.
they should feed on the labors ot" their
own hands." "Liberty." so Fuller adds,
"is a lesson quickly conned by heart,
and if forgotten is easily quickened into
life and action. The Flemings were per
suaded, left their country and their loom.s
and went to England and laid a secure
foundation for this great Industry in tn<
land of good Queen Phillppa and of their
adoption. „,
Let us go on 400 years. The enterpris
ing people of America are desirous of set
ting up manufactures In their own coun
try- England Is as zealous to krep what
she has as she was crafty in enticing the
Flemings from their old homes. Statutes
with the severest penalties were passed
forbidding the exportation of English ma
chinery to other countries. In 1713 the
transporting of artificers was punished
by fine and imprisonment. Thirty years
after the sale of tools and utensus used
in woolen manufacturing was prohibited,
though not In British colonies. In 1774.
however. Parliament raised a barrier
against the exportation of textile machin
ery to any country. Whoever packed or
put on board any machine, engine or tool
used In the manufacture of woolen, cot
ton, linen or silk "forfeited not only the
thing itself but £200 In money, and was
liable to Imprisonment for a year. The
statute was rigidly enforced. In 17S4 a
German was fined £M0 for luring opera
tives to Germany, and in 17S6 a set of
complete brass models of Arkwright's
machinery for spinning and carding,
made and packed in England for ship
ment to Philadelphia, was seized. Let us
not. however, be too severe on old Eng
land if she applied heavy fines to others
to prevent them from doing what she did
hersolf. Other nations have been quite
as greedy and shortsighted, and the in
dustrial policy of our country does not
command such universal respect at home
or abroad that we can harshly criticize
the Industrial policy of other nations.
More than one revolution In the indus
trial world has been wrought by machin
ery. Note, for Instance. Arkwright's. In
vention In 176S for spinning. Hargreaves
had made a great improvement in the
same direction not long before, and soon
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
GROWTH OF MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaten.
Last evening the conference voted to
meet next year at Stockton. The following
officers were elected in the preachers' mis
plonary department: President, Bishop
Amett: vice president and secretary. Rev.
P. R. Green: treasurer. Rev. D. R. Jones.
At this evening's session Bishop Arnett
spoke on education among the American
negroes.
"But should it come up at any of our
sessions I am fully prepared to defend my
self, I have a letter from the trustees ot
my church, responsible men who are fa
miliar with all the circumstances which
1 believe would be a complete Justification
of my conduct. There is present at this
conference a member of my congregation.
J. Tubbs. who could testify in my behalf."
"Since the termination of the divorce
proceedings in Sacratrunto." said Mr. An
derson. "Thompson has seen that he made
several grave mistakes at that time. He
no longer believes me guilty of the
charges he then made against me. He
has no desire to bring the matter before
the conference.
The Sacramento pastor says he has no
fear of an inquiiy. but does not think th.it
any charges wiil be preferred against him.
In January of this year W. J. Thomp
son, a member of the Bethel Church,
brought suit In the courts of Sacramento
for a divorce from his wife, Jane Thomp
son. In the complaint Thompson charged
that his pastor, the Rev. W. B. Ander
son, had alienated the affections of his
wife. The divorce was granted, and
Thompson thereupon left his family, who
remained In Ssacramento. Whether the
conference shall take action in the matter
depends upon the position taken by
Thompson, who, it is claimed, is now in
Los Angeles.
"Xo formal charges have ever been
brought again -»t the Rev. Mr. Anderson.''
said Rev. J. E. Edwards, secretary of the
conference. "The members know nothing
officially of this divorce matter or their
reverend brothel's connection with It. The
matter will not come before ud unless
Thompson :nakfs properly verified
charges. Should he do so. however, an in
vestigation won'd be in order, and wou'd
no doubt be ordered by the Bishop."
Rev. W.B.Anderson, pastor of the Bethel
African Methodist Episcopal Church In
Sacramento, has come to the African
Methodist Episcopal Conference, now be
ing held In this city, prepared to defend
himself against any charges that may be
brought against him growing cut of a di*
vorce case. The Rev. Mr. Anderson is the
editor of the Bethel African Methodist
Episcopal Church Bulletin and is well
known in colored religious circles in Siin
Francisco and Stcckton.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. Sept. 6.
Attends the African Methodist Epis
copal Conference Armed With
Letter of Confidence From
His Congregation.
Rev. W. B. Anderson Ready
to Meet Charges Against
• His Character.
COMES FULLY
PREPARED TO
DEFEND HONOR
Continued from Page Two.
SPELLBINDERS
CHARM THE
DEMOCRACY
In the Thirtv-first District the contest
ing: delegation was given the cold shoul
der because they belonged to an Inde
pendent club. McNab's friend? on th •
I'ommitlpp werf» largely in the majority
end they expressed sympathy for th' 1
turndown. They saM they knew that the
contestants in th»- Thirty-seventh had
tlie majority, but that they made the mis
take of not appealing to ihe County Com
mittee. Wesley Reed and Francis J.
Heney are not in a revolting mood. Each
holds a proxy and Reed intends to ad
dress the entire convention and ask how
to win with a majority.
CAT.L HEADQT'ARTKUS. SAN JOSE, |
Sept. 6.— The committee on credentials. |
Nichols? Bowden chairman, listened to
the contesting del* Rations from the
Thirty-first and Thirty-sf venth Assembly j
districts of San Kranclsco and turned |
down the contestants. It was shown to ;
the complete satisfaction of the commit- I
tee that the contestant? in the Thirty
seventh polled a much larger vote than
that received by the urbanization ticket.
The only consolation that Francis J.
Her.py and J. Wesley Reod received was '
an intimation that they should have done ]
politics with the other club in the district, j
which, by the wc*\ Is not the regular
club.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAN
JOSE. Sept. 6.— The committee on
permanent organization and or
der of "business met this evening
and drew up the following re
port, which will be submitted to
the convention to-morrow:
We, your committee on permanent or
ganization and order of buslne?*, beg
leave to rresent the following report:
We recommend that the order of busi
ness be as follows: Selection of per
manent officers of the convention; re-
Port of committee on credentials: re-
I-crt of committee on platform and res
olution*; nomination of two Rlectors
at-large: nomination of district Klec
tors bjr district convention* and reports
thereof: nominations of Congressional
conventions »nd rej>orts thereof.
\Ve further recommend that the tem
rorary careers cf this convention be
made the permanent officers, he fol
lows: Chairman. It. M. Fitzgerald: sec
retary, 3. p. gex; a f >;.-;tr.i secretaries —
I>. M. Burnett, I. Hatcher. A. J. Mul
len and J. C. Kennedy; Ptenrvjrrai>her.
>.'. E. Rontr; ser&eant-at-armg. K. J.
Crandall; asFi«tant serjeants-at-arms—
Robert Anderson. D. A. L*<Mv. Charles
Christian. T. \V. Carden anrl P. W.
Suzzalo; paces— Pierce Bo-aden, Ray
mond Hicks and L<eo Hlrk«.
And we further recommend the. ifdop
tlon of the following resolution:
R<^nlve(!, That the Ptc;:» Central Com
mittee as selected by the l^nvjc ratio
State Convention at Sacramento, held
on the 14th day cf June. DM. oni ap
pointed hy the chairman thereof, and
also as appointed by the chairman of
the Democratic Htate Central Commit
tee, and as at freyent constituted, is
hereby selected and ratifW by this con
vention as the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee of the Ftnte of Califor
nia.
ldentlal Electors will be nominated to
morrow.
COMMITTEE TURNS
DOWN CONTESTANTS
ORDER OF BUSINESS
FIXED BY COMMITTEE
ON ORGANIZATION
bpecial Dispatch to The Call
Miss Geraldine M, De Lano
and E. G, Griffin Bride
and Groom.
NUPTIALS AT THE CAPITAL
After a Honeymoon In San Fran
clsco They Will Reside In
the Yolo Metropolis.
WOODLAND MAN WEDS
A SACRAMENTO BELLE
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1900.
11
'•Valda," the sensational
story of court life at Peking,
begins in next Sunday's Call,
September 9.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1900.
12
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL. j
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco j
Ct!l. corner of Market and Third streets, open j
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery street.
cerr.er Clay; cpen until 9:S0 p. m.
SM IIa\rs ttrt-et; open until 9:20 p. m.
f -• McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. rn.
C:r. Lsrkln street; op<n until 9:30 p. m.
IM Mission street: open until 10 p. m. ;
?Xl Market ftreet. ccraer Sixteenth; open J
urtil 9 r>. m. j
K* Eleventh Ftreet: open until S p. m.
IflM Valencia ?tre.t: oprn until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
f.:M:y f.r*c-iE: oiwn until 9 p. m.
mi:eti\g xotices.
CALIFORNIA Onmrr.andfry No. L K. j-
T., No. y Post st. — Special assembly 'iSr^
THIS EVENING at 630 o'clock. Or- Pj
<1<T of the Temple. All fraters enur- <&»
teoosly iinitcd. By order of the com- »
tor. HIRAM T. CRAVES. Recorder.
CAUFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K - .^^
«. j'.<t St.— Regular an^rr.bK- THIS *KJ^
.V'MJ'AY EVENING at 7:3> o'clock. t£^
Ali fraf-rs onuru-cusly Invited. By wm)
cr-ifr <! the ¦¦ ™
Hli: AM T. GRAVES. Recorder^ •
GOLDEN GATE Oommand^ry No. U. i
K T Gr.l,1fn Gate building, f.25 Sut- ,r«|
... r BtT-i«recUJ toembty THIS EVEN- |UJ
ING at S O'clock. The order of the X/ !
Tejsple v.iH be conferred. All fraters... • j
are courteously invited.
ROBERT McMILLAN. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. F«>NI>A. Recorder.
THE annual meetlnc of Terba Buena
Lodre of Perfection No. 1 will be held JJ
in Charter Hall. Mayor.ie Temple, on f\ |
FRIDAY EVENING. September 7. at t JD£ f
HEXBT BCRNER, Secretary Pro Tern.
fcorTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, •
F and A M. -M*ets THIS (FRIDAY) J\-
F.VKNING at 7.3.) o'clock for first de- JLJ\
tree. By order of the Master. / v ¦»
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
VETERAN O-M Fellows— Attend <$a«£^>.
— "ral of Veteran ALBERT ED- gSg-^gg.
PON THIS (FRIDAY) AFTER-
NOON at 2 o'ek-ck at H2& Mission ''' v *
WILLIAM H. BARNES. Secretary.
REGCLAR meeting of the Caledonian v C7 >^
Club THIS « FRIDAY » EVENING. S, Q JJ
p.- 8 o'dvk, at Scottish Hal!. 117 t\XW
Larkln Bt. Open meeting at S:31 |
p. rn. Iji'ly and pentlemen friends of mem- i
i • :v crrJially it.vited.
ANGIS MrLEOD, Chief. .
AXPBETT McNAIR. Secretary^ !
IHE rrcu'arly quarterly meeting of the mem- I
ben Of the Mschanios' Institute will be held j
la the Mechanics' Institute Library building. .
a r^r St.. Fan Francisco. SATURDAY. Sep- i
:¦ ••¦ V..T 8. 1SW, at S p. m. Reports of of- ;
•: ¦ r% will be read and amendment* to the !
restitution will l# considered.
GEORGE BEANSTON.
Recording Secretary.
rrN'IKL camp meeting. Beulah Park. East \
< ttkland, September 1 to September 16. i
WINDOWS AND SEATS FOR PARjijDE. j
A FIVE v1*w of the parade from grand ?'tRnd !
C' me-r Sutter and Van Xess ave.; constructed '
lTd^r arrrov**! j-!ani= of Roard of Puhlic '
V : i:s private b^xes an>l chair sea'? raaerred '
i.'. * Oo.'f. cor. Sutter and
Kearni bU.; remaining (=<*at«< after Faturday I
; • pr^nd stand. '
v v: OVk'P and ?fat.« to view the parade on ;
j; nc;iv: rrar-.-i view: n" obstruct inn lie- ;
'"¦\Yr.I.U 1019 Market Ft., near Sixth.
WINDOWS to let fcr Jubilee parade. wrn»r '¦
-.:,¦ Sees rivp. and McAllister st.: fine vi»w;
ratnnee <--2 McAllister Ft.; $j and tlO. \
FI'KNISHED room— Kearny-st. corner: superb :
'|r»- for etr«vt ccene* holiday week. Apply i
:• \.t CLARK. 420 California sr ¦
* • - r peeltioa on Market «t. to view parade: \
-windows. Apply l Fifth st.. room J".
LARGE 1 ny-wlndow. 4114 Kearny ft., flrrt
floor, rr-cm 2.
v.:N"I » »TV5 to view the parade on Monday; ¦
:rr.ir.<3 view, jo Market st.. near Tenth.
V.:vi>o\V? to view the parale on Monday; .
rrar.d vlow. 'ZZ$ Market St.. landlady.
Two nice •rtad<nra f»r parade. Apply lmrne- :
<i!at.-'y. room M, R"-0 Market st.
f-'K^iT? f.r rnrnr>; *cst ciflo Van Ness, bet. !
Grove urA Fulton sts. : tickets. 130 Van Ness.
n. VV\ CUNNINGHAM.
RESERVED seats in finest f.ret-Soor windows
In city; fir.e view. Apply 122<i Market St.. r. 2.
RESERVED sent* in bay-window; fine view. ;
A:rly *--? Markr-t ft., room 2.
J-'-.TS fc r rai" for parad*-: fine view; NE. ct.*;
! at kin »n'. Market. Apply I.'TS Market H. j
AGEXTS WANTED.
£?"toVvo dRif-TeT«il^^a^Tiy^our"LTve Agents? '
m^n or women, selling "ur latest novelty,
cunpiiga waterproof neckties; fronds entirely •
a* ¦ ara patented: r.cent* delighted; saies un- j
mired: what others do you can do: writ» to- !
<lay: wmie eaceiamtvm territory: g-iiai-ant^erl
T<-*t *-!>r. Ad<1re*E. with rtamp. M. & M. :
51ANPG. CO.. IVpt. C. Springfield. Mas-".
AGENTS— Got. BoOMVdfa Wr.rk«. 15 volumes:
pepuisr <"1:t s .<-'ns: fast sellers; apents makins:
fror; ?:o to fr,r. s day: a-Mroy* for terms <uvl
ox.-lus'.v- tTTltOrr. THE I.OVELL CO., S3 I
rhanl^r? ?t.. New York.
AGEKTS to Fe'.! N. S. G. W. cards. Ll'EDET ¦
PHminp <>>., IV* Market et. ;
AGENT? to «rll nnv«"lt!«»s fcr the celebration, i
at once, £jO MI«?ion st.
LADY soliritrsni everywhere: female tonic: pr»- i
vntivp, corrective. 2"0 Ph<»!an building, S. F. !
AGENTS n* fiWlity and f>xr«>ri»nce in life ir.-ur- j
anrr. -Call at room 101. 9?7 Market, cor. Sixth. ,
WE handle reweyt nm-oltieis for apents. PA- '
' UI'- AOKNTf F1TPLT CO.. 3<61 ISth Bt. i
A^PIIALTUM ROOFING.
J m.TIEP.. asphalt roofinjr, sidewalks; cellar
fV.o ;; i.1 rr-ria1rr-d: jvistal. ns« Mission st.
ASTROLOGY.
MME. HICKET. BStrolorfit; card reading and
palT.istry. lT.c: hnr<-.ycr)r»>s cast. 1933 MisFion.
ATTOH\EV5^1T LAW%
ADVICE free; divorce law a fpecialtv; private;
no f<j» without racccn: collections. G \V.
HOWE, atty at law. K0 Market, cor. Stockton.
71. \V. KING, attorney.?:? Market St.. room 617;
federal practice; moderate fees; consult, free.
FREE a<!vlee; divorce laws, damarcR. estates,
cr.l!e<-tinnK. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery-
ADVTCB free; no charpo ur.!»fs successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Merket St.. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Sprfrkels bide.. SI7 Mar-
ket st.: cor.>,ultatton free; no ties In advance.
CtSTEH. HERMAN' J.. attorney, sr? Market
Ft., r. ;;:,; rpen eve.. 7-3; con«ultatlcn free.
KATII CAlHafBTS.
noniKFOX n. 4-panel fo!din«r: door opiTis: flrni
ar.d Far^ vy. S. BROWX. gfn. agt., *X Ellis.
DC8ISESS CHASCES.
A— SHOO; OOKKEB rrocery and bar -"choicest
location in the Misrion; rent $35; 4 llvlns
rooms; place ostab. y»-ars; as owner, a
widow, wants to retire. Call R. G. WILKE.
2Ck K«-arny »t.
A— %Z*iO: EAIAXJN with building of 7 rooms;
]or.£ crounJ leas»; close to Union Iron
Works: rlace estab. ]G years and doing a
flrrt-clasE paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2G14 Kearny st.
A-I3M: OROCERT and bar. with 3~ living
rooms; rent tit; thickly fettled neighbor-
hood, south of Market n. Call H. G. WILKE
i6»« Kt-arny ft.
A— CORNER cigar Etore or. Kearny St.; clear-
in? above tliO jjer month. Call K. G. WILKE,
i'CVi Kearny Bt.
A— I'M; CORNER saloon on Polk et. :~Tong
lease; cheap rent; first-class paying business ;
death of owner cause of eale. See R. U.
WIUvE, 2C--j Kearny st.
A— 5300; PALOON; close to new Hall of Justice;
rent T.O: daily receipts $15; a snip. Call R.
G. WILKIE. 26^ Kearny «t.
A— 11000: PARTNER wanted In porter, at out
end Weiss. boer brewery; lnvrstisate* a rare
chance. Call EL G. WILKE. 26'.i Krarny et.
A— fSW; STATIONERY, notions and ice cream
parlors, connects with R<-neral agency of all
fi. F. pai-or>; alto general agency of 2 steam
laundries- no opposition In either line; rent
!I5; in lively buMm^s town across the bay.
Particulars It. G WILKK, 2S<4 Kearny et.
A— tKOO; BAKERY, 2 blocks south of Market
et. ; place «5tab. years: doing a good business;
nil 6tore trade; rent $45: 14 to 2 barrels per
day. Particular* R. O. WILKE, 26Vs Kearny.
WE have largest list of PaJoons. hotels, gro-
ceries, cigar stores, delicatessens, etc.. In the
city; before buying call PCHWKINHARD &
CO.. S17 Market et., between Fifth and Sixth;
t*lr;.hone Mint 1911.
J7^0— BAKERT: all store trade; receipts $S a
•Jay cash: rx-st place in the city for the
money. LANE & CO.. R63 Market Bt.
FinST-f'LASS saloon and beer agency for sale
in a fl.wrifhlnjr coart city: low renfand long
ifasr; requires about J400A; principals only
n«-«i apply: reasons for selling, sickness.
Wunder Hrt-w;ng Co.. S. F.
j4KV_roitNER grocery and bar, with 4 living
rooms. Jill Howard »t.. corner Langton.
n; f i— jiOUE 'bakery, with line portable oven.
22-2 Mission st.
PARTNER wanted in printing business; a good
cprjortunitr. 402 McAllister si.
I
BfSI.XESS CHA.XCES CONTINUED.
J6<V^ME"cH^rN!cs r ~board and lodging house;
bargain ; sickness cause of sale. McLAUOH-
LIN & CO.. 777V- Market et.
{TOuft-PARTNER wanted in wholesale and re-
tail liquor etore with large outside trade.
Mclaughlin & co.. t"^ Market st.
JIKC-H^ORXEH grocery and bar: bargain. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. TTPfr Market Bt.
JSOO-BUTCHER Fhop: bargain; sickness cause
of Fale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7774 Market.
SALOON on busy street: doing good business
Particulars U. P. Brewery. 315 Fulton st.
PARTNER wanted in a flrs:-class Market-st.
photograph gallery, lady or gentleman: one
of the partners retiring; splendid opportunity.
Applv to NAOLE & NAGLE. Attorneys.
410 Emraa Ppreckels building. 927 Market st.
PARTNER wanted in billiard parlor, barber
shop, stationery, notions, confectionery busi-
rus-s; thriving country town. Address box
4. "".4. Cull of lire.
SPLFNDID business opening for a first-class
milliner. Address immediately LANDIX)RD.
box 4060. Call office.
SALOON for sale: opposite ferry. Apply at I
111 I"«st st.. north of Market; no agents.
PARTNER wanted In a first-class saloon. Ad-
dress box 4061. Call office.
12300— COAL and feed yard and express busi-
ness: 4 horses and 5 wagons; good building;
livlng-rooms: lone lease; excellent chance;
Bwd location. 2935 Sixteenth st.
J2WW- PARTNER wanted In livery and board-
ing stable; good value: paying business.
DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market St.
J35f>— LAUNDRY route; good wagon; clears
about $60 per month; good customers; stands
lnvostisatlon. Address box 4903, Call.
NO agents: fine bargain— Restaurant and ba-
kery; 3 living-rooms; must sell; present oc-
cupant 5 years; never on the market before.
Particular at 103 Fifth st.
COUNTRY merchants trading with Indians can
find a market fcr Indian baskets by address-
ing the Mexican and Indian Curio Co.. 615
Seventeenth St.. Denver. Colo.
TO rent— Fcr roal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
locution: place is entirely covered: contains 3
ttails: rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call buildlug.
FOR SALE— A bargain; a small milk business;
complete. Apply H. BLANKEN. Six-mile
House. San Bruno road.
ESTABLISHED bakerj' and restaurant; will
fell reasonable; account of sickness. 714 Va-
lencia st.
RFSTAURANT for sale; established 10 years;
•wil! h* sold at sacrifice. 1024 Hyde st.
WELL-STOCKED stationery, notion and cigar
etore. Box B. Call branch, 300 Hayes st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAPWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valencia 6t. '
LODCIXG-IIOISES FOR SALE.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house; $3^0 down, balance easy... 500
ifv-room house: first class '. 1050
30-room house; ali newly furnished 3100
11-room house. J473: 6-room fiat 325
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market St.
A— SAY. FISHER & CO., have you lodjrlng-
h^uses? Yes, what price? $300 up. any loca-
tion desired; 12 ronrr.f, $300; 10 rooms, $450: 10
rooms, new. J*(X>. fine; 20 rooms, bargain, $75<1;
37 rooms, J20C0, snap; all sizes, all prices, all
new bargains; call and pee us. 1032 Market.
34-ROOMED house on McAllister; transient
28 rooms and boarding-house; on Eddy — .
10-ronmed flat: «-!«>irant furniture; very cheap.
22-ro«->med house on Geary; a bargain
B-rootned hout-e <>n Hyde st. : make offer —
13-room»-d house on Turk; S150
A lovely cottap" on Haicht. nr. Laguna: low
pr!c; a. lare» 1 !»t of other houses at office.
EMERY & SMITH. S Eddy. tel. Folsom 1519.
14 ROOMS: rent J22 $4."V0
44 rooms; rent $7f> 10C.H
10 rooms; clears $75 month 15C/I
32 rooms: rent J4O 3-X)
SKIFF, .W4 Montgomery st.
OVER tOt houses fnr sale; price, location, size
and terms to suit you; call for list. M. GRIF-
FIN. 719 Market *«.. room 1. by "Call" bldg.
JT^O— FURNISHED flat, north of Market Et. ;
departure cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN &
CO. 777U Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Unit<*^ States or Canada one year for $1.
CARRIAGES AM) WAGONS.
Al.I. kinds of wagons, bujrsrles. carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAX & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. C32 Mission.
NHW & 2u-hand wagons. buEKies. carts & har-
n^s«, work & driving horses. "5th & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN I'HOTO 11UTTOXS.
MF~Y of ail kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry:
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. i>3?. Market St., S. F.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEA.MXG.
WHEN yr\i become 'lisgustod with poor work
send to BPAULOING'S Pioneer Carpet -Beat-
ing Wi.rk?. &Z-2" Tfhama St.; tel. South 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-B?ating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Hteam Oar-pet-Beatlng Works, G. H.
FTKVEKS. m*r.. 3S-40 fcth ft.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4<.\
BTRATTON'8, 3 Eighth ft.; tel. Jessie 914.
ADVANCE <"arr>et Clf-aning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3S4. OHO. WALCOM, proprietor.
COXKLI N'H Carrot-Beating Works, 333 Golden
• late ave.; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowne 1
spiritual medium; advice In nil affairs of life.
lawsuits* divorces, deaths; unites the peparat-
<-d: mining a specialty ; clrB. Sun.. Wed.. Frl.
fv»'«; come and be convinced. < Permanently)
€13 Eddy. bet. Hyde anl Larkin; no sign.
MRS. HARLAND'S test meeting to-night; also
Sunday, 10c: readings 50c. fl. 148 Sixth Et.
MME. MARQT'ISE. 5 Hyde st.. holds circle to-
night at S; 10c: messages from spirit friends.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circ'.e of truth; 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAlllstf-r St., rm. Z7>: admission 10c.
MRS. LESTER— Circle Sun.. Tues.. Frl. eves..
10c; readings daily; L. 25c. O. 50c. 127 Turk.
MRS. BRYANT, gifted medium. 110 Sixth si.',
room 8; ladies. 5<»c; gents. $1.
FAMOI'S medium nnd palmist. •'Fpecial this
»vek." Full readir.KS.20c. 50c. 1",S1 Mkt..Tir.I2tn.
MRS. HOTTER. 34 Sixth Pt.. circle to-day. 2 &
h p. re.; 10c: tittlnps daily; G.. $1; L., 50c.
MATCHETT holds circle to-night. 8 o'clock;
10c; t«*t all. 132 4th; sittings oally. 50c.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, heal-
er and card reader. 132 Sixth St., room 1.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busl-
; ness medium, life reader: sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAlH.«ter-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. daily: convinc'g tests to-night 10c.
CI-.AinVOYA.VTS.
MME. I*ORTER. wonCerful clairvoyaru & card
; reader, born with double veil & second sight,
t diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c:
| per.ts fl; palm. & clatr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk Bt.
j MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
plven In all affairF In life, ZjC up. 17 Third
fA.. next Examiner building.
l.SMAK. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
(•almlFt. permnn«>ntly located 114S Market, opp.
I 6th; private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
1 MRS. MELVILLE. v.Tll-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 11 6th; German spoken.
HME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader <ind
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; pa*'.,
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MME. ZEREDA. the irypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh: ;io slgr.
j MME. LENEMAR-Fortunes by planets; pnT-
j dieted overdue strr.r Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
WYLLIE. photo medium. 230 Ellis St.; last
I week; come early.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader
blttinfrs dally. 212H Sixth »t.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— Cradle to iTave; future hua-
band's picture. 2&c; ladleg. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 311. 927 Market it.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$S— COTTAGE 2 rooms; larce yard. 406S Twen-
ty- Flxlh st.. near Noe.
GROVE. 72OH — 4 large sunny rooms; gas; bath;
garden: separate yard.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmoi*—
Advice and medicine, 7»c; city visits, tl 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by AmeglstM or at hospital, 610 Golden G a t« av.
DEXTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extract lone done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $1 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with seme of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work: all
work warranted: plates, full set. $5; filling!",
t0c;crown, J3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for bext crowns, plates, bridges
and filllngii; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; nr. students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; iady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farroll st,
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work Is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest: call
and see our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere; r*st of references; examina-
tion free. DRR. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019
Market Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free: plates. $5; crowns. $3 50:
brldgework. $">: all the latest methods for
painless dentistry : hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 120(1 Market, cor. '-5-JG-
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plate* are.
made— old plates masle over like new: teeth
frum $S per set; extracting. 50c: gas given.
DR. ALBERT HILL. S50 Market, cor. Stockton,
for a perfect set r.f teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prices for the best work.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painleos extraction,
EOc. New York I*ntlsts. fin Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Keenly, cor. Bueh—
Full set of teeth, $1; crowns, $3; fillings. Sic.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk Bt.
ORESSMAKEnS A.Vn SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market at.
DRESSMAKING— Ladles' and children's suits
from J2 60 up. .7 Grand ave.. above Ninth.
S. F. Drersir.aking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery Pchool; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kind* pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYF.KS' Business College. 723 Market St.: Ilfo
scholarship. $50: Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
HKALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. 8. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, fhorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.: new £0-page catalogue free^
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
Fhorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
A NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
buildir.a, Mason and Ellis sts.; registration.
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordar. or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons: 8
mos. In r-ollege not equal to S wks. with me;
j:5. TARR. expert, aeent., 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, npsay. cyarice. arch.: day. eve.: e«t. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year pot positions. PAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt.
FRENCH students — 1 or 2 boarded; professor's
quiet family; ref. req. Maury, box 4067, Call.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Leipsic: lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln—
All branches; thorough: positions secured.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEl'XE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese rap. office — Beet help
furn.: domestic terv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 37«.
ORPHEUM Employment Office-Japanese. Chi- \
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072. I
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. S06V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office— !
Best help. 411H O'Farrell Ft.: tel. East 426. |
i i
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE, j
GERMAN woman with girl of 6 wishes posi- j
tlon as cook or working hou?ekecper; city or j
country. £<M{ Natoma 8t. I
BY a n*at woman, any kind of light work: will- I
Ing and obliging: wages J12. Call 745V4 Te- \
lic-ma Ft., n«-ar Ninth, until 6 o'clock.
NEAT, competent young cook, just from the I
East, economical In every way. wishes a sit- '
uation in small family: J30. f.19 Brannan Bt.
FIRST and second cooks want places together; i
city rr country; first-class hotel references. !
242 Natoma St., basement.
WANTED — By midrlle-agr*-d woman, 2 hours' '
work dally or help In kitchen. Apply 291 '
I Clementina Ft. j
I FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation in Ameri-
cr.n family (only), $30 to $33. Call or address
2111 nilTnore st. : no cards. j
EXPERIENCED German woman would like to |
do cliamberwork by the day or month. MRS.
H., 1030 Howard Ft., room 33.
YOT'NG ' woman wants to do chamber work.
Plen?r* call of>4Vi Leavenworth St. I
WANTED— By youne lady, position as com-
panion to eUWly lady; city or Oakland. Box
4063. Call office. • |
A YOUNG woman with child two years old j
derlres work In respectable family. Box 4CG2, j
Call office. ;
AMERICAN pirl would like to do housework ;
in small family: wages $12 to $13. Please call I
S31H Ore«nwlch st. j
STRONG younc woman wants work by the
•lay. MRS. M. S., Z3\b Gilbert st.
•WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; Jl 50 to $6 ,
week; convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st. ,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubpcriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MARRIED man, 24 years of age, wants posi-
tion of any. kind; con drive light team; city
references; no soliciting agents need answer.
Box 4076. Call ofHce.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged Swede;
nil around handy man; can milk and take
care of horses. Box 4078, Call office.
STEADY, reliable man employed during the
mornings wants position for the afternoons.
Box 4079. Call office.
JAPANESE nice and honest boy wants place
as schoolboy. GEORGE, 807 Polk Et.
WANTED— Position as caretaker of ranch by
a respectable couple; references. Address box
4906. Call office.
PRIVATE secretary or confidential clerk; young
man; expert Henocrapher; 10 yeara 1 experi-
ence; palary $100. Address box 4067, Call.
GERMAN, sober and steady, wants work In
private family taking care of horse and gar-
den : references. Box 4073. Call office.
"WANTED — A position as clerk In store; expe-
rienced. Box 4006. Call office.
I INTELLIGENT boy wants place to make him!
I self useful; errands or office. Box 4069. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
care of hor-es. buggies, cows, vegetables,
lawn flowers; In private family; very useful
and willing: references; city or country. Box
40J0. Call office.
COACHMAN wants position on private, country
place; fully understands care of horses, lawn
and general work; good references. Box 4902,
Call.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged sober.
Industrious landscape gardener In prlVata
family: work done by contract; city or coun-
try. Box 4?O4, Call office.
STEADY man, age 28; understands care of
horses, garden and can milk; careful driver.
Address J. W., 1607 California st.
NIGHT watchman wishes situation; best ref-
erences; give security If desired. C. HART-
MAN. 127 Turk st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIAX8.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
juFted. N. ManaFSo. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
PIXAXCIAIi.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 604 Parrott building.
FLATS TO ET^ j,
A— 30 DAYS freeTcleaiTT^roorn flat; reduced to
111. 1424 Howard st,. near Tenth.
A— 15 DAYS free; 6 rooms, porcelain bath; clean
and sunny; reduced to $16. 1424 Howard Bt.
DORE. 257. off Harrison, between Ninth and
Tenth— Flat of 4 tunny rooms; $10.
IF you want to mo^e get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
3 LARGE sunny rooms complete for housekeep-
lng; bath. 624 Elizabeth st. ; Castro-at. cars.
FRANKLIN, 20G— Nice, clean, sunny flat; 4
rooms and bath; modern Improvements .
4 AND 5 rooms and bathT $10 and $13. 4585 and
4587A Eighteenth St.; electric cars.
$7— MIDDLE flat; 3 sunny rooms. 254 Harriet.
between Harrison nnd Bryant. 6th and 7th.
KUR.MTITHE FOR SALK^
4 ROOMS furniRhed In oak for $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURJVITUKE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVT*buy»' your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1125 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
¦> furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk6il4:
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$JO0O worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPEKT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J."T7Torry & Co.) buys
furniture, ca rpe tB. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN &. CO Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ••••••;;:'
6 waitresses, city, steady work. $20 and $.»;
14 waitresses, country. $20 and $25. many fare
paid; chambermaid to wait, resort. *-o. sec
r>arty here 10 a. m.; 2 chambermaids, city,
$15; woman cook, $30, few boarders, no dish-
washing
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook to go to Guatemala. ?30, see party here;
5 other cooks, city and country, $30; mother
and daughter, $35, see party here, to go to
country; housekeeper for 3 men. $20. see party
here; 60 h6usedrlF. second girls and nurse-
arlrls, city and country
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
FOUR extra fancy Ironers, $3 day. C. R.
HAX8EX Sz CO.. 104 Geary^s^
WANTED— Waitress, coffee-house, $7 a week;
laundress and chambermaid, $25; laundress,
private family, $30; lady's maid and care for 1
child, $25; invalid nurse for a child. $25: 2 par-
lor maids and waitresses. $20 and $25; cook,
2 in family, »30; second girl, J23. same place;
12 hotel waitresses, J25: chambermaids, $18-$2O;
4 cooks, $30-J35; 2 kitchen helper, $20; 4 sec-
ond girls, $2O-$25; woman with a child. $15;
cook for men, $20; 175 housegirls, $20-$25. J.
F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter st.
COOK, family of two, $40; woman to cook for
men, $25; housegirl, family of two. San Jose.
$30; woman with a child. $15: two second
girls. $25 each. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
WANTED— Saleslady for retail business; one
experienced In Felling crockery preferred; givo
experience, references and wages expected.
Box 4077. Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on underskirts;
steam power; good pay. A. AARON, &79
Mission st.
"WANTED— A young girl to assist in house-
work; make herself generally useful. Call
between 9 and 11 fervnoon at 330 Eddy st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; Rood
home: good wages. Call Friday from 10 to 12
a. m.. 1316 Fiilmore St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do house-work for
widower and 3 children; $15. 807 Filb«rt at.,
In rear.
WANTED— Talloress. ROOS BROS.. 23-37
Kearny at.
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted on custom
vests, and apprentices. 503 Kearny st., rm. I.
WANTED— An experienced coat finisher. Ap-
y>\y 220 McAllister st.
SALESLADY who has had experience In fancy
goods. Lock box 4CS2.
FOUR bright girls; experience not necessary.
Cascade Laundry, 175 Tenth st.
WAITRESS wanted; S7 a week. 135 East st.
YOUNG girl: general housework; 4 adults;
after ». 15 Fair Oaks at.
GIRL wanted for light housework; $10 per
month. 2632 Sutter st.
YOUNG German girl to assist in housework.
Call 10 to 12 a", m.. 2P1S Mission St.
; GIRL; housework and cooking, no wash; $1S to
$20. 720 Bay St., near Hyde.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
%ZZ. Alabama and Montcalm sts.
YOUNG crlrl to assist in general housework: 2
| In family; call 9 and 12 a. m. 2426 Pine st.
| "WANTED — A waitress; restaurant. 6 Eighth
I street.
| COOK wanted; wages $30. 1257 Octavla Bt.
i WANTED— Girl to mind baby; wages $3. Ap-
plv 15 Bourbon St., off Ellis.
I GOOD reliable Eirl for light housekeeping; 2
| and baby In family: wag^s $12. 930 Powell.
i GIRL to do light housework and care for child.
I fl Fierce «t.
| GIRL to assist In plain cooking 1 from 9 a. rn.
1 to 7 p. m.; wages $10. 1907 Polk st.
i STRONG woman to wash dishes In restaurajit,
] $5 a week. 2C2 Townsend st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on toma-
| to«*s. canning and preparing: highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
| Apply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave., between Seventh
and Elshth sts.. off Folsom.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; hijrhest wages. Apply
CALIFORNIAN CANNERIES CO.. LTD.,
Brancan it., between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted on shirts; young (rlrls
taught: steady work: best pay. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery et.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
BHIRT FACTORY, cor. Cough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & .Co.'s factory.
tiy, Fremont st.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR DAVIS.
WANTED- Reliable woman with girl (12 to '15)
for good cooking, washing and general house-
work; 3 In family; $20. MRS. A. W. JOHN-
SON. Upper Lake. Lake County. Cal.
WANTED — First-class ironers; also girls to
learn Ironing, shirt finishers, seamstresses;
good wages and short hours. Apply LA
GRANDE LAUNDnY. 22S Twelfth Bt.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework;
two in family: wage* J12. 5913 California St.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second aves.
WANTED— An active woman as representative,
on the road for a wholesale house. Box 4070,
Call office.
WANTED — Onera'ors and flnlihers on vests.
E. H. LEVY, 513 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS waist trimmer on fancy ellk
waists. FRANCES. 786 Sutter st.
GOOD reliable girl for housework; good home.
Apply 4034 Seventeenth st.
GIRL to assist In light housework; small fam-
lly; good home; $15. lolO Vallejo St.
WANTED — A girl to do general housework.
Apply 511 Devlsadero St.; $25.
GOOD finishers on pants; also a girl to learn.
157 Fourth st.
I Experienced waitress wanted. 1007 Market
j street.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and care of children; sleep home.
! 300 Twelfth «t.
WANTED- Apprentices; paid while learning.
I 1111 Van Ness ave.
GIRL for light housework; 2 In family. 941
York St., near Bryant.
GIRL to assist in cooking and general house-
work. Call 828 Turk st.
APPRENTICE wanted: book bindery. 536 Clay
ftreet. .
MORE girls from 16 to IS to learn cigarmaking.
paid while learning. 303 Eighth st.
GIRT* to assist with housework. Apply at 3777
Clay. at.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth st.. near Valencia..
Al FINISHER on suits at M. SIMINOFF. 1228
Market fet. .
PftEKSERS wanted on overehlrts. BRKNNEK-
J1LMAN CO.. 17 Battery St.
WANTED— Women and rirls to work on fruit.
1731 FoUom Bt.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore gt.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
¦"••¦."¦. ¦>'-' »
HELP WASTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .^...104 Gear}' st.
1000 men for new railroad work
200 teamsters: State of Nevada $2 a day.
100 teamsters; Bakersfleld $2 day
60 teamsters; Coast road $2 a day
120 teamsters. Monterey County $2 a day
100 laborers; Surf $2 a day
20 tunnelmen for big tunnel; Chatsworth
Park. Los Angeles County... $2 to $2 50 a day
For the S. P. Co.'s own work
200 men Regular wages
For the following divisions
Truekee and Mendota
Dunsrnulr Redding Shasta
For all the above places
Fee $1 Ship dally Free fare
30 laborers, rockmen and drillers to build
reservoir and water works, Napa County, $2
a day; board $3 50 a week; 15 laborers for a
smelter, $2 a day; 10 teamsters and laborers,
$2 25 a day, fare $1
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 cooks, country hotels, $60. $50 and $40; 10
restaurant cooks, city, $10 and $12 a week; 2
restaurant cooks, country, ?5Q and $40; 20
dish washers and kitchen hands, $25 and $30...
6 waitcr3, country hotels. $30 and $25; 10 res-
taurant waiters. $30, $33 and $50; 3 hotel por-
ters, ?:5 and $30; 4 bellboys, city, $10 and $15;
bellboy, country hotel, $12 50
LauiHiryman and wife, institution, $60; wash- j
or. institution, $30; hand laundryman, coun- '
try hotel. $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary St.-
A— THOROUGH correspondent, young man
who has had experience In wholesale and ex-
port provision house. $125 and increase. Ap-
ply to C. R. HANSEN of C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker; steady; good wagea.
Room 115 Phelan building.
WANTED— For railroad construction in Hum-
boldt County, 100 men; wages $2 per day;
board $3 50 per week. Apply J. R. HANIFY
& CO.. 16 California st.
BAKER for country, $35 and found; cook, wife
and dishwasher for country hotel, $100; cook
and wife. $50; colored kitchen boy. $30 and
found: 2 boarding house cooks, $43 and $45;
hotel waiter, country, $30; 2 waiters for
steamer. $35: 10 extra waiters, $3 day; extra
cooks and dishwashers; 2 hotel waiters, pan
washer for bakery, $30; baker's helper, $30,
and other hotel and rtstaurant help. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY. 623 Sacramento st.
FOREMAN for water Jacket, one furnace, $4
day; 3 feeders for furnace, $3 day; 2 tappers,
$3 50 day; 6 laborers for furnace, $2 to $2 41
day; Better for mill, $3 day; planermen, $50
and board and $3 day, country; edgerman,
$3 day; gardener and wife, $60; farmer and
wife. $30. see boss here; laundryman and
wife. $60; laundryman for institution. $40 and
found; fruit farmers, $25 and $26 month; S
fruit pickers, $1 day and board; 20 hop-
pickers, $1 per hundred; stableman, English
or Scotch groom, $25 and board; 20 railroad
laborers, free fare, and many others. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Errand boy for this office, $3 a
week. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 316 Sutter.
A— WANTED— 4 laborers for mine, $2 a day;
oar man for mine, $2 a day; 6 miners, steady
work, $2 day; 5 carpenters, 8 hours. 2 weeks'
work, $3 60 day; farmer and wife, $13; dairy-
man for ranch. $25; gardener, country. J25;
vegetable gardener and teamster, same ranch.
$25 each; 2 milkers. $30; machine driller. $2 75
day; nursery hand, $25 and found. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay Pt.
MAN nnd wife on a ranch, short distance,
wages $.i1. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
liARBERS" Progressive Union — Fre« employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
DENTIST— 1st claFs, good habits & address, to
take charge books & business of wide prac-
tice; large salary; security required. Oakland
Dental Co., 1055 Washington St., Oakland.
WANTED— Steady man with $100 for permanent
place that v.-ill pay $•» per month year round;
phort hours; lleht work; experience not nec-
essary. miC Market at., room 10.
GOOD coatmakers Rnd a bushelman wanted.
P. H. GALLAGHER & CO.. room 3. Flood
building.
COATMAKERS — None but the very best union
men need apply. ALFRED LILIENFELD,
9C8 Market st.
WANTED — Good hustlers to eell flags, parasols
and N. S. G. W. decorations. Apply Sunset
I>azaar, 42 Third st.
A MAN, not less than 40 years of age. Ger-
man preferred, to care for and drive horses.
Apply 445 Valencia st.
BARBERS for city and country; wages $15 up;
steady Jobs. Apply Immediately H. BER-
NAnp, 104 Seventh Bt.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; steady. Enter-
prise Hotel barber shop. Sixteenth and Fol-
som EtS.
BARBER, first-class, for Saturday and Sun-
day; also 1 for evenings. 511 Castro st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
132 Pacific et.. corner Front.
BARBER; good man wanted; steady Job. 123
Geary et.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 164S
Mission st.
BARBER— Young man with 1 or 2 years' ex-
perience. 131 Valencia st.
BARBER for Saturday, $3: no college barber.
904 Bryant St., near Seventh.
BATIBER for Saturday and Sunday; also steady
man. 1205 Market st.
BARBER wanted' for Saturday, Monday ana
Tuesday. 510 Kearny st.
BARBER Friday, Saturday and 'Sunday. 623
Clay st.
WANTED — A handy barber for Saturday. 36
Market St.
WANTED— A steady barber at 32S Montgom-
ery ave.
WANTED— Cood barber; steady Job. 3310 Sac-
ramento St.
WANTED— Good barber from 7:39 a. m. until
10:30 p. m. Saturday; wages $4. 337 Fulton.
WANTED — Good barber for Saturday at 405
Third St.; good pay.
WANTED— Barber Saturday and Sunday; wages
$> 50. 193S Mission st.
GOOD barber for Saturday anil Sunday; wages
tS. 1073 Market St., near Seventh.
GOOD harbor Saturday and Sunday. 801 Fol-
som st.. near Fourth.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday, $3.
629 Union st., near Powell.
WANTED-Tailor. ROOS BROS., 25-37 Kear-
ny st.
WANTED — Bushelman. Golden Eagle Clothing
Store, 104 Kearny st.
WANTED— First-class coatmakers. 1170 Mar-
ket st.. room 7S.
COATMAKER. bushelman for country. Call
REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
ASSISTANT bartender, can draw steam beer,
do porter work, $40; references. 698 4th st.
BOY or man peddling fruit; good pay to right
rnrty. 20 Oak Grove ave.
BOY 14 to 16 to learn picture framing. 2115
Fiilmore st.
BOY with a year's experience in butcher busi-
ness. Inquire 19C3 Mission Bt. ; references.
WANTED— Painter for i Inside work, Friday
morning. J. M. BRIGGS. 2401 California st.
YOUNG dishwasher: good, steady place. In-
quire 1581 Valencia Bt., opposite car house.
WANTED— Choreman. Jefferson Hotel. Harbor
Vltw.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 13c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
WANTED— Walter. 425 Ellis st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 52S Fourth St.
BOOTBLACK for barber shoD and to clean
baths. ISO Geary st.
ALL sl^es men's shoe.3, slightly damaged, half
price. 5S2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2U sts.
LUNCH man wanted. 1077 Market st. •
VARNISHERS and polishers wanted at 835
Folsom st.
WANTED— Walter for coffee and lunch house.
32 Sixth £t.
WANTED- Third cook p.nd handy man In
kitchen. 907 Kearny st.
GET vour shoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 1507 Market st near
Eleventh.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 736 Market st.
6 MONTHS or 1 year experience boy for the
harness trade. 1288 Folsom st.
WANTED— Dark room men and printers An.
ply at Art Publishing Co., 225 Post st.
NIGHT cook and waiter; steady Job GIBB'T
18 East st. * •
TE 2rT S ay, a o d r y S t Wa ' ter ' "^ ™"*"^rl
FIRST-CLASS 4-chnlr barber shop for sale-
terma t-at-y. Box 4QS!). Call office.
BARBER wanted at 3S6 Geary st.
TAILOR'S cutter wanted; one that Is a good
83 C - J - A ™KEW S a fS5
T aVply m V^n B r d3: DOne bUt be " DCed
HELP WANTED— -MALE.
A^mTFr^aYXrEADy"."?^. Phone Main 684S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
"Want 7 a. m. To-Day
We Ship Free
Men for all part* of California, Utah, Wash-
ington, Arizona, Oregon. Colorado. Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands
Free fare and office fee only SI
Special to-day to/ the following districts;
Dunsmuir Redding Shasta
Herndon Fresno Mendota
Los Angeles and. .Santa Barbara districts
Reno (Nev.) and Truekee districts
Crows Landing. .and Newman districts
San Luis and Surf districts
Rakersfleld and Madera d 1st rlcts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
And other points good wages
We Ship Free Come one, come all
It only costs $1 fee and no other expenses
Come, see
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL HELP •"•
5 carpenters ?7** i are
5 laborers to help carpenters Free fare
Brick mason -* 4 a >'
Painter's helper, city Jl SO to $2 day
Carpenters for ranches and vineyards... ¦
$3i and $40 and found
MURRAY A READY. 634-63S Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARK UU- U' ~ lA"
. ...AND.. SHIP. .TO-DAY.. TO.. THE.. PA\S -
MILLS AND WOODS
150 laborers, no experience required, wages
from $25 to $40 and found, fare paid •
50 woodsmen and mlllmen. $£0 and $30 and
found; shingle eawyer. $50 and found
Sniper, line pullers, carriage setter. Jack-
screwer, planing mill help, in fact, every
class of sawmills and woods help, good wages.
HANDY MEN. here is a good Job for you....
150 men. who can use hatchet, to build flume,
$30 to $40 and found, long Job ~'""
60 woodsmen and laborers, Santa Cruz Co....
60 lumber pliers. Santa Crux Co »W
Loggers and croBscut sawyers $43 and found
Edgerman. $3 day: carriage setter. $2 50 day.
FARMS. .VINEYARDS. .ORCHARDS
» DAIRIES
78 ranch hands, teamsters, etc.. $26 to $32 60
and found •
10 men to break colts $45 and found
Milkers, cheesemakers and buttermakers
Farmers and wives, $35 and $40 and found....
Blacksmiths and helpers $60 and $32
Stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, $25 to
$33 and found Chore boys and men
HELP..FOR..TIIE..MINES
Married furnace man
62 laborers, no experience required, for all
parts of California $35 to $40 and found
Miners, single and double hand.. $73 and %Y\
173 laborers and teamsters, city and short
distance in the country, $1 75 to $2 50 day;
Drillers, $2 day; brick setters and wheelers..
Tlemakers, woodchoppers, etc
.. BEPIDES..THE..ABOVE..WE..HAVE ..
..HUNDREDS.. OF.. OTHER.. POSITIONS ..
'...It you want work. .Come see us
M C R RAY & READY. 631-C36 Clay Bt.
FRUIT PICKERS PACKING HOUSE
AND DRY YARD WORK
150 men and boys to pick and pack all klnda
of fruit, grapes, etc.. work In dry yards and
packing houses for all parts of the country;
also 50 laborers, Humboldt County
$30 and found, long Jobs
MURRAY & READY. 634-63S Clay St.
LABORERS BIG WAGES NAPA CO.
10 pick and shovel laborers, no experience re-
quired for Napa County $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A-BAKERS ... COOKS... LAUNDRY HELP
Steward, country hotel, see boss here: second
and night cooks for the mines, $40 ar.d J3-j
and found
Candymaker Ice cream maker
27 cooks, city and country. $30 to $50 and
found
Bo-ys for Institution; all-around butchers.
bakers, also second hands and helpers
Laundrymen Pantrymen
Grocery clerk .-aid drive wagon, city
Dishwashprs and others
MUP.RAY & READY. C3J-CI6 Clay st.
X— 10 HOYS to rlellver circulars: no office fee.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— 6 Jewelers; steady work; no short
time. ' Apply, statlnc wages wanted and par-
ticulars. JOS. MAYER & BROS.. Seattle.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 5TT Four-
teenth St., near Guerrero.
WANTED— Presser on vests. E. H. LEVY. 313
Markot st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of pood character, between the ages
of 21 and 2o years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens of the United Sta.tes cr per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak Er.glish properly. For further In
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. *0 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. S3O K st.,
Sacramento. Cal.. or 106S J St.. Fresno. Cal.
SINGLE man, 23 to 35 years of age. who un-
derstands care of greenhouses, growing car-
nations, roses, propagating young stock. *tc:
one who has had experience In the florist
fouplnf-ys preferred: wages 140 and found for
the rtpht man. Address, stating full particu-
lars as to experience, reference, etc., P. O.
box 453, Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know-
that Ed liolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; l.'O large
rooms; ZZc per night: $1 to $2 per week.
TWO first-class mill bench hands. Apply at
Pacific Coast Lumber nnd Mill Co.. Second
anil Grove sts.. Oakland.
NEW goods; quick sales: salary or commis-
sion: city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood butldinz.
WANTED— Strong German hoy to learn bak-
er's trade. Inquire 326 Broadway, between
• Fnnsnme ar.d Montgomery-
LARGE boy to work In iaundry. 251 Jessie
St.. near Fourth.
GOOD buttonhole maker on custom coats;
wages no object. S27 Market St., room 623.
YOUNG man to drive wagon. People's Mar-
ket. 2299 Market st.
WANTED— Good targer: steady Job. Apply 725
Fourth St.. San Rafael. Tel. Red 15.
WANTED-Stable attendants. Apply W. UP-
WARD. Eadon. end of San Mateo elec. line.
BRANDY makers— Heavy spirit barrels for
brandy at CARL'S. 217 Commercial st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
Barber Colleee. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 25 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawver. 16
years' oractice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 23c night; reading-room; free
f bu3 nnd baggage to and from the ferry.
LIXDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to»25c night: 73c to *2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, I200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia it.
HORSES. LI v 5_SjrqCK_^Eto--For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggte*.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE bay mare, top bucgy and harness, suit-
able for family use. will be sold at a sacri-
fice. Inquire at Club Stables, Taylor St., nr.
Geary.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses;
also nnenmatic and rubber-tired bupeies;
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 How-
ard St.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: hnuses to~7eTT^nT~for~"c7r^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$22 SO— MODERN house. 7 rooms; larse base-
ment. 367 Shctwell st.. near Eighteenth.
POST. 2223. bet.- Scott ar.l DevlsadTro— Modern
house: large stable: latg.-" driveway.
LOST AMJ FOUND.
LOST— Rlack cocker spaniel rlog wlt7i~llc7ns"e~
.1.4 San Carlos ave.; reward.
LOST-Mexican hand-carved leather grip a1*o
music roll, hetwoen Crystal Springs and San
R R - depot. Address THOS STE-
Stocici™ st 51 ' 1 ' 1 " 5 VaIIe> ' Wat " W ° rk ». £«
medical:
able ladies and gents' specialists; S2 years
practice; have treated thousands of cases sue-
cttrfUlljr; a positive cur? K uarantee.j at of-
flee; !adies treated can return home the sain*,
day: try the celebrated HINDO HER.? treatl
ment for home cure; any one can use it by di-
rections; perfectly hai mless; home for confine-
ment. bend five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. im KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles i special 1st: guaranteed treatment at o(-
nee. *..: positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention: consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
0 - Wl O-DONNELU the" world-r>nown-d
ladles specialist: safe and reliable; ha» prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years: treated thou-
Bands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. VSZiM Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known la. lies' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
rure*$3; have treated thousands of cas<-s with
Kuecess; 13 years' practice In S. F. : maternity
home: low fees. ltxtfVi Market St.. near Sixth.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; alt diseases treat-
ed: strnd for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento st., corner Kearny.
A — NEW process: every woman her own phy-
sician; no medicine or pills used; practical
physician 37 yr». Dr. POPPER. 313 Kearny.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1313 Golden Gate ave.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. "WTETHi relhible specialist; TS yrs7
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
office, to; any ailment: consultation free- ccn
fldentlal. 942 Foat St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
tst; home In confinement: safe and reliable
consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason »t.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Id-hand machinery. \[c-
INTOSH & WOLPMAX. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters"
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand-
S3 complete outfits on our floor. rea.-Jy made-
we can ship everything; in 24 hours j'
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. W23 Mission st '
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR sale — Property of the Live Oak Consoll-
tfated Gold Mlnln? Co., situated In Nevada
County. 15 miles north of Auburn; 2 patented
claims: 8-stamp quartz mill: ditch and hoist-
ing works complete. For further partlcula-s
inquire of A. MEISTER. 914 Ninth st.. Sac-
ramento, cai.
A— BUTS. sells or rents pear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pullovs
etc. WHITELAW. 2T8 Spear st.
STEEL tanks, all sizes; suitable fnr wafer or
oil; cheap: all shapes; second hand. H 9
WHITE. 51S Mission st.
A— S3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. »1 73. Pop!
ular Price Hatters. 230 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A— 10O HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2 drill
air compressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont it.
FIREPROOF safe for sale cheap. 42 Main sv-Ji
FIRST-CLASS S horsepower steam er.Kine and
boiler; bargain. EPSTEIN. B3S Mission st.
PORTABIaE engines, bolleri; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke, U9 Bea>.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 21 hajrd- movine
pictures. BULLARD A F.RKCK. 131 Post st.
FINE suit. 110; dress pants. JC 7JL MISFIT
CLOTHINO PARLORS, 437 Montssraery st.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies- sei'.'rjf
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 613 Examiner bldff.
¦WILL rent full dress Tux»<i-> cr Prtr.ce Albert
suits for S2 80. Portland Loaji Of3-s. 25 Stktn.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and fins and fcursj'.ar
proof safe. 218 California st.
2D-FIAND ph^trpraphlc and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 100 Montgomery.
FIHST-CLASS second-hand modern er.arlnes and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
EPISON concert phonograph; reduced price.
$75; concert records. $1 50. Baclgalupt. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-C5 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE*
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St., San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
IS paces, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
MISCELLASEOIS "IVATTTS.
AN Oliver typewriter wanted; stats price. Box
40E9. Call office.
LADIES' and Rents' cast-off clothing bought it
sold. Sllverman. 98* Folsom; tel. Folsom 1131.
KI.EIN still rays best pric« for clothing, brtc-
a-brac and books. 103 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 141.
IF you wish full value fnr your cast-off clothing
call on P. COHKS, 1'.7 Third: te,. Rla.-k V.n
MOSEY TO LOA.V
ANT amount at S per cent: 1st. 2d and 3*1 mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no .!•-
lay ret my terms before doing business else-
nhere. P.. McCOLGAN. 14 Montgomery, r. '.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; •'- «W
eecond mcrtgr»K»y. estates In probate. lnter»^t
in e»tat»s. legacies, corporation loans, chattel
rr.ortg.iKes. life Insurance. Rocm 1«. first fl.xtr.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLcEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stor«. 846 Market
tt.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ;qiu^k
nenrlce ¦ money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
«s and 69. Donchoe building. 11T0 Market >;.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd moi-gages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER fc CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to Sorrow on diamonds.
watch -s. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 1J S.xth;
hlnhest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS
SALARIES AND FURNITURE
O. H. HARSHIwnoER, 322 Kilts, room 34i
AT 12* Kearny «t., room 9, respectable prlva:»
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
tlio.OOO en large ranches; al.'»o on second mi>rt-
tages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine «t.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
BONELLI. 301 Jcr.ei xt.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal, confi-
dential: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ne«.« confidential. Tou*ley Co.. 221 Parrott bis;.
H. ItURPHT. O; Market st.. »oives all kin. is of
financial problems; 2.1 mortgages, estates, etc.
On furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month; n<>
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. I'll. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bulletins.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st*
TO salaried people without collateral or %-
dorner. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan \-/t
.MUSICAL I.VSTKUMEXTS.
WE have one of the best equipped shops In th«
country for repairing planoa; repairs, var-
ni.ihlnu and polisning done at reasonable
prices and payment accepted ia installments.
MAL'VAIS'. 7*> Market st.
NOW is the time to exchange your old »quar-»
or UDrlzht fcr a new upright. You can set
more for them now than ever again. Call at
once at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market St.
THE old. original and only Decker piano: es-
tablished In 1S38: Is sold exclusively by tha
MAUVAIS Music Co.. Market st. They
are strictly first-class.
WE offer you the bset goods, the best terms
and the best treatmei.; of any house In ths
city. Try us and be convinced. MAUVAIS.
7« Market st.
ANNOUNCEMENT— We have consolidated tJi»
San Frar.ctsco Music Company. 225 Sutter st..
with our O'Farrell-st. business and now
show more goods in all lines than any other
house on th« coast. Six floors of music and
musical Roods; pianos In endless variety an.i
prices ranging from $75 to J300. Imperial
Symphonlcn Music Bbxes. Guitars. Violins.
Mandolins. Strings. Trimmings. Sheet Music.
etc: enormous stock; lowest prices; cash or
Installments. BEXJ. Cl'RTAZ A SON. 1*.
13 and 20 OFarrell st.; Chlckerir.g agency.
ALL purchasera of planes at SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging tor
a STEINWAY any time within three y»ar»
and full purchase price allowed: the best
makers of ev?ry grade t.i select from; beauti-
ful new uprights }S cash. Jt> r?r month: s>ma
rood pianos for $3. $4 and $j P«t m "~ l \ r
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEIN WAV
liEALEKS. corner Kearny and Sutter »ta..
Pan Frar.clscc: corner BrcaUway and Thir-
teenth «t3.. Oakland. _^
ATTENTION! -The Bymn Mauzy Piano Fac-
tory is now np*n for insr>ectton; visitors wel-
come- special reception Monday and Tuesd.iv;
PEE A PIANO MADE; have your old pianoj
•lnno over; look in our window and ;«ee trr,f
$3000 gol.l nujtset. the triumph of p'.ano-mak-
er's art. 3T.S-31'">-3:; Post ?t.: Sohmer agency.
ABSOLCTKLY Ihf oldest an.l l»r B *sT b«M«
weal cf Chicaco Is KOHLEB * CHASM B.
26. M and 3D OKarrell ft.: piano* o'W"*^
all other mu.lcal totn»«ta of all grade,
customer. ¦
AT a discount, to establish our n-w location,
we will rive 10 per cent off on piano... MKM
Meend-bsOM] bargains: 3 Heine uvrirht.-. $y..
• Steln« a vs. HX-l t Chivkerlng. llo-: 1 Ma-
ion * Hamlln. $*W. an.l =0 other bargalru-..
H E I N K PIANO CO.. 217 Geary "t.
A CARLOAD ttne new pianos lust stored wltn
uV from F.nstern factf ry at factory prtee* land
fre!«ht». ca!«h or Installments: rvecin'. for N
S. O. W- WILSON Storage. 171 » Mark-t ?t.
1T.XIOVAL i>f Keeffe's piano store from Van
Ne*s to 933 Market, bet. 3th and 6th. n»«
Hale Hros..& will continue reduction «le fnr
2 weeks: open ev'nss: call and get low pric>«.
OUR piano stock Is up to date, and our special
sale will continue one we»k longer. iHE J.
PEWIXO CO.. Flood building.
VIOLIN strings: never wet: best In the worlrlj
maktnsr and repairing of all kinds of mjsical
Instruments. Carl C> And«T»oa. Vt, Ot»rr n-
GENTLEMAN l.avlnc city will ¦gCTffC*!* 1 *;
gant u&risht grand rl.ino. 314 t.ollen Cato
avenue.
BE in the swim: rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT»:UP»TAZ rO.. M>» tlavfs st _
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. "!? Po»t^:. .
Jlnrtlm.in, Conovtr an*! otfc»*r pianos^
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: installment H
per month. SCHM1TZ. IS MfAlliiter^^^
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacrament* s»... agent for
Francis Eacoa and Hailett & Davis pi*"""-
SUPKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new H.
MTTLLER. maker, repairer, i Latham plao.
REDUCTION rale: new pianos: S3 payments;
. toe rent. |2 up. BKUEXS. 20S Poat st.OAKLAND, Sept. 6.— Prosecuting At
torney Leach and Attorneys Frtck and
Nusbaumer have submitted to Police
Judge Smith an agreed statement of facts
as the test case for the nickel-ln-the-s!ot
crusade. The case recites that the ma
chine upon which the arrest of B. Berco
vich was made carried a guarantee that
eight cirars would be given for 51. This
was pasted upon the machine. The play
er was sold checks that carried a guar
antee from the proprietor of the machine
for at least ei£ht "bit" cigrars for each
dollar's worth of checks purchased. The
cigar dealers', attorneys claim thia will
overcome the "banking" feature which it
is charged existed in the operation of the
machines when the raids were made.
Judge Smith will hear the .arguments
upon the statement to-morrow.
Fixed the Machines to Beat Police.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg-, etc.
Sailed Sent 6— Stmr jGrosser Karferfurst, for
Bremen, via Southampton; stmr Michigan for
London; stmr Columbia, for Hamburg; stmr La.
Touialne, for Havre.
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool, for New York; stmr
Belcenland. from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
LONDON— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Mesaba, for
New York.
MANILA — Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Almond
Branch, from Tacoma.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Kaiser
Frlederlch, from New York, for Hamburg
Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Kaiserln Maria Theresa,
from Bremen and Southampton, for New York
ROTTERDAM— Arrived 8ept 6— Stmr Spaarn
dam, from New York, via Boulogne.
Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Staatendam. for Boulogne
and New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MANILA— Arrived Sept 5— Br gtmr Almond
Branch, from Tacoma. *
Sailed Sept 1— Etmr Conemauch, for San
Francisco.
PANAMA— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Colon hence
July 28.
CO1>ON— Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Finance, for
New York.
VICTORIA — Arrived 8ept 6-Stmr Walla
hence Se-pt 3.
TAKU— Arrived Aug 25— Schr Lottie Bennett,
from Port Gamble.
FOREIGN PORTS
Thursday, September 6.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, H hours from
Mendocino.
Schr Monterey, Beck, CO hours from Cres
cent City.
Schr Binder Brothers, Wetzel, 24 hours from
Bov\ens Landinc:.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 5— Schr A B
Johnson, hence Aue 17.
GREENWOOD-Salled SeDt G-Stmr Alca
zar, for Port Harford.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Sept 6— Ship J B
Thomas, for Adelaide; schr Vine, for San
Francisco. :•..,..
ARRIVED.
Continued from Page Ten.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs — W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 63 41 .607|Boston 53 5fi .4SU
Pittsburg B2 49 .5. r .9'St Louis »50 57 .467
Philadelphia 56 52 ,619jClnclnnatl ...60 60 .455
Ctjlcago 54 57 .486 New York.... 45 63 .417
BOSTON. Sept. 6. — Boston whitewashed Cin
cinnati to-day. Attendance. S50. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Boston 5 10 1
Cincinnati 0 8 4
Batteries — Lewis and Clarke; Scott and Peltz.
Umpire — Snyder.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 6.— The home team
had cverythlnK its own way to-day. Attend
3 hop, L»0u. bcorc •
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 5 S 7
Philadelphia .'...20 25 1
Batteries— Callahan, Donahue and Dexter;
Fraser, Bernhard and McFarland. Umpire —
Emslie.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 6.— The Pittsburgs played
a superb fielding game behind Leever's good
pitching and won easily. Attendance, 1400.
Score:
Clubs— R. II. E.
Pittsburg 9 13 0
Brooklyn 2 12 1
Batteries— Leever and Zlmmer; Kennedy, Kit
eon and Farrell. Umpire— O' Day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 8.— The New York and
the St. Louis ball teams gave about the worst
exhibition to-day that has been seen here for
some time. St. Louis took the lead at the
start and was never headed. Attendance, 1000.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 11 10 J
New York 4 4 7
Batteries— Sudhoff and Robinson: Doheny,
Matthewaon and Bowerman. Umpire— Gaffney.
American League Games.
DETROIT. Sert. 6.— FlrFt game: Detroit 2,
Kansas City 1.
Second same: Detroit 8, Kansas City 3.
BUFFALO, Sept. 6.— Buffalo S, Milwaukee 4.
CLEVELAND. Scrt. 6.— Cleveland 4, Minne
apolis 2.
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 6.— First game: In
dianapolis 5, Chicago 3. .
Second came: Indianapolis 7, Chicago 11.
CINCINNATI SHUT OUT.
of 5 to O.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS,
Boston Wins the Game by the Score
Deciding course— Rienzi beat Old Glory, 5-1
If, in the big futurity event, the clever
batch of youngsters h.ave to chase such
strong hares as were furnished yesterday
in the Union Park midweek reserve stake
it is certain that fair tests of speed and
endurance will be the outepme. In sev
eral instances the game hounds were run
to a standstill and throughout the courses
were long and grueling.
The sensational feacure of the day wa3
the running of the Pasha Kennels' sap
ling, Roman Athlete. There was no lack
of epeed in his make-up and the way he
took to the game against his more ex
perienced opponents showed his grit. In
the first round he beat Challenger, a 5
to 2 favorite, and In the next go ran rings
around Mlra Monte, scoring 25 points 'o
the lattor's 4. Tv.-o to one was offered
against the winner In this course. For
the second time out Roman Athleta
showed that he is possessed of the qual
ities needed to get to the front as a stake
winner.
Rienzi won the stake, with Old Glory
as runner-up. It was a close affair and
if the hare had not reached the escape
when it did the result might have been
different, as Glory was in when the gam«
was lost. The winner, however, reachea
llnal position on merit and his victories
were clean-cut from the nrst round.
Pasha Kennels' Round About went
through three rounds without a point be
ing scored against her. but in the fourth,
in a course with the runner-up, the hard
work told and she lost the flag.
Courser surprised the knowing ones by
getting to the fourth round. Grueling
courses proved too much for him.
A fair percentage of short ends landed,
most of which were at good prices.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Midweek reserve stake, first round — J. L.
Roes' Wild Wave beat J. Hurley's Shylock Boy.
8-1; L. P. Ifctrtels 1 Banner Bright beat H.
Lynch's Lavona, 6-3; T. Cooney's Modesty beat
H. Lynch's Claiborne, 5-0; James Dean's Gal
lant beat George Sharman's Bonaparte, 4-U:
If. Lynch's Lilac beat J. Keenan's Blacklock,
4-3; It. E. de B. Lopez's .Diablo a bye; J.
Keenan's Mira Monte beat Sterl & Knowles'
Itusty Gold, 2-1; Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
lete beat D. Dillon's Challenger, 4-2; J. J. Ed
monds 1 Whisky Hill boat T. J. Cronln's Terry
McGovern. 10-2; Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair
beat Captain (Jlarkson's Flower of Oold, 5-C;
1'asha Kennels' Round About beat It. E. de
B. Lopez's Sweetness, u-0; Maher & Reid's Bad
Boy boat R. K. <ie H. Lopez's Dairy Maid, Z-l:
P. McCabe's Fair Lillie beat J. P. Thrift's St.
Michael, 2-0; P. MeCab*'* lionejr Boy beat Cap
tain Cane's Rose of Arden. 14-0; J. J. Edmonds"
Go On beat Lanrle & Gorber's Mount Ida. 0-1;
Curtis & Sons' Old Glory beat W. C. Badger's
Alnmcda I^ad. 4-0; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle
beat .T. O'Dowd's Shootover, 3-2: J. M. Halton's
Tic Tac beat J. Cole's Mirabilia, 7-1: XV. C.
Badger's Alamerla Lass beat J. Hurley's O. K.
Capitol. 10-5; Erwin & Lyons' Silver Wings
beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's Miss Wilson,
8-2; Lande & Gerber's Rienzi bt^at Aeneld
Kennels' Aeneas. 4-0; Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Lafly Kmma beat F. C. Mack's Delia M,
4-2; Aeneld Kennels' Athena beat 1*. McCabe's
Craig Boy, 4-2; P. McCabe's Sky Blue beat J.
McNeil's Black Hawk. 13-7; J. H. W. Muller's
Cruiser beat H. H. Gray's Bannockburn, 14-0;
\V. Creamer's Jesse Moore beat J. Reagan's
Bart's Belle. 6-0; J. J. Kenney's Winning Las
ele l>eat J. McNeil's Captain Byrnes, 4-0; J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone Prince beat J. L. Ross" Jes
sica. 12-0; H. Lynch's Lyddite beat H. II.
Gray's Commander, 12-1: Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Miss Allen beat I. N. Porter's Belle of
Lindsey, 22-2; F. -A. McCorab's Storm King
beat J. Maher's Emma M, S-6; L. P. Bartels'
Baron Blood beat James Carroll's Erin's Hope,
Second round — Wild Wave beat . Banner
Brisht. 6-5; Modesty beat Gallant, 4-2; Diablo
beat Lilac, 4-0; Roman Athlete beat Mira
Monte, 25-4; Vanity Fair beat Whisky Hill. 6-3;
Round About beat Bad Boy, 4-0; Fair Lillie
beat Go On, o-l: Old Glory beat Boney Boy, 5-3;
Bald Kaele beat Tic Tac, 6-0; Silver Wings,
a bye; Itionzt beat Lady Emma, 3-2; Athena
beat Sky Blue. 3-0; Cruiser beat Jesee Moore,
7-5; Wlnr.lne Lassie beat Tyrone Prince, 4-2;
M!s,s Allen boat Lyddite, 3-0; Baron Blood beat
Storm Kins. 5-4.
Third round — Modesty beat Wild Wave, 6-0;
IMablo, a bye; Round About beat Vanity Fair.
7-0; Old Glory beat Fair Lillie, 4-0; Silver
Wlnps beat Bald Eagle, S-0; Rienzi beat
Athena, S-0; Cruiser beat Winning Lassie, 10-3;
Miss Allen beat Baron Blood, 5-1.
Fourth round — Diablo beat Modesty. 4-3; Old
Glory beat Round About, 12-1: Rienzi beat Sil
ver Wings, 7-1; Miss Allen beat Cruiser. 12-1.
Fifth round— Old Glory beat Diablo, S-l; Ri
enzi beat Miss Allen, 8-3.
Pasha Kennels' Young Dog Boman
Athlete Does Clever Work in
Union Park Midweek
Reserve Stake.
Strong Lot of Hares Force
Hounds to Run Some
Long Courses.
RIENZI WINS BY
A SINGLE POINT
FROM OLD GLORY
HOTEL AHKIVAXS.
PALACE HOTEL
A G Theis. Stanford
Mrs C H Smith. Siberia
Mrs T Flint, S Juan
Mrs A M Tinker, Wash
L E Wheeler & w. Ills
Mrs II Q Mayer, Cal
A W Hutton. Loa Ang
Mrs A W Hutton, L An
Miss B Hutton, L Ang
W B Hutton, Los Ang
Helen Hutton, L Ang
Beth Hutton. L Ang
Traves Hutton. L Ang
E W Hamner. Chsro
W Baldwin, Michigan
J D Hoff, Los Ang
L S Clough, Pa
R Rasch &. w. Cal
R W Cadwallader, Pa
E N Howard, S Mateo
O G Malkow, Chgo
G L Proctor, Cal
J J Cole, St Louis
C A Miller, Los Ang
B M Deutsch, N Y
C E Adair, N Y
J N Rice. Chgo
Capt R von Lommer,
Vienna
Mrs A PanJrale, Vi
enna
Mrs J LugSiiln Cal
Miss Lugadln. Cal
Miss Wood. Cal
J W Wood. Cal
Mrs J E Plater. Los An
I Miss MadJelaise, L An
.'J H Salinder, Los Ang
U H Reward. Balto
JR J Coleman, S Lake
J T Dunne, S Felipe
D Y Campbell & w,
I San Mateo
B U Stelnman & w.
i Sacto
|L Huff, Cal
! L Heilborn & w, Sacto
IH W Fer.ner. Cal
,W W Winchester. Cal
'Mips Merriman. Cal
;il L Smith. Cal
IJ St Iiilrh. Portland
C Marion Thgo
jM Schwed«raky, N Y
'A J Bettles, Salt Lake
Mrs Sletler. Cal
IE W Roberta & w, Cal
Miss B Hose, Cal
IMl.'s O Hcge. Cal
IQ XV I>wlnnell. Cal
H G Weyse, S Monica
Mrs C K Fitzpatrlok,
San Mateo
H M Walsh. N Y
Mrs M Brigs;". N Y
W Bayly, Los Ang
W McCreery & w. Cal
C Cooper, Chicago
A S Knrdsen. N Y
F H Gr«n, S Rafael
J N Gillette Eureka
GRAND HOTF.I
G W Fuller. Cal
F N Smith & w. Englrl
Miss R Smith, England
B Smith, England
D G Juenomann, USA
L II Hamilton. Cal
J E Brownlee. Vallejo
T F Ilanlon. Sacto
O O Frantz, Bpnicia
E B Preston. Cal
Dr J W De Witt, Cal
W J Young. Stkton
II Ohlf. Colusa
D J Flanagan, Eureka
L H Valentine & w,
Los Ang
J P Dautermann. Minn
A E Dorwart, Phlla
L R Mellinger. Phlla
G D Cummings, Dawsn
S Rummelsberfr, Cal
A H Hart. N Y
Mrs L A Blasingame,
Fresno
B XV Smith. Cleveland
F W Barnea, Clevelnd
R B Livingstone, De
troit
A L McKendry. Cal
J M Nye. Willows
NEW WEST!
H H Hamlin, San Jose
O Petersen. Dawson
T Claussen. Sacto
E Gorrien & w. Cal
Joe Gill, Santa Cruz
A Leatch. Cal
K Ij Jones. Salinas
J E PolDdextrr, Nev
R I Kerr, Jackson
G W Towle%Towle
E F Wright. Auburn
R S Taylor. Cal
n L Oliver. Los Ar.g
J W Tngsart. S Barb
F M Chapman, Los An
W J McNama & w. Cal
Mrs Scott, Oakland
Miss K Orlshaw. Cal
V Woods. San Lui.i
Mrs Whitney. S Cruz
Miss Whitney. S Cruz
Miss L Whitney. S/rz
Mrs C H Blemer. Cal
J M Smith. S Cruz
A Berner, Oroville
M Sears & w, Cal
A M Given. Cal
J W Woods. Pasadena
A B Smith, Fresno
J Seadler, Sacto
Miss Seadler. Sacto
C R Pries*. Redding
C C Holl, Sacto
W II Wright & w. Cal
J C Lewis & w, Cal
;rn hotel.
C W Pomeroy, S Joao
F Clack, Manila
M Sozar, fteddins
J II Stewart, S Rosa
J W Wakina. Stockton
THE SAN FRA1S CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1900.
13
"Valda," the ' sensational
story of court life at Peking,
begins in next Sunday's Call,
September 9.
McAUOY «fc CO.. §
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALaIERS. R
1233 Market Et. between Sth and s»tli. . H
Telephone South 247. g
HfcN«Y J. GALLAGHnR CO..
OSucceesore to Flanna^an k Gallagher).
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mgi
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND r.ilUALMER3
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln tic hoc I.
Telephone, South SO.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
n*m;tii *:¦:.*« ricuir ro.tir.t.tv.
(rAciric HtsrtM.i
Train* !•»•»• nn<l »rr «»!•«• ««» nrrlr* j» t
(Main Line, Foot of Uariel Sweet)
LrwE — Frcu Acocn 12, TjOO. — arikts
; '7:00a Benici*. SuU'iu, tlmira. VacariUe,
IluuiKfj nii'l Bacrameotn •7:13?
•7:00a Ehi»ta Kiyr<-»a-lJavia, Williams (for
BirtleU Springs). Willows. l:ed
Bluff. Portland. Tri^r
•7:^tO\ M ,urri?iez, U*im»n. V^liojo. Napit.
CaUatPgaaotlslaim Kos» a H:l3p
•8:00a DiTU, Woodland, Knl;h:» Lar.diox,
Msurysvilie, < •rc»?ill« •"7:l3r
| •»¦«»< Atlai;ti,: K» press— OgJen aud East »J2:l."ip
•«:Oi» \ N U«s, Trjcy. Lathrt.'i>, Stccliton *Ui 12a
••¦:><>« 8aa .Urn-. l.n«iuvrr, Mtucktont
lone, hacraiiifut.). PlictrtTiUe,
M irj»7i!le. I'hico. IIe.l Khiir "IsISp
¦9:30a (UJul.i •-. Cklctsa (for Yosemite),
Suuora. CAr'.em • # l:l5p
•S:»»t lUjitiit ii. NUm i.-:«i Yi»i fif IhMia •! l:«.1»
•U:tH>A Los Angeie* Expreu — HuttiuOL
'i'ney. Ln'Mrnw irockton, Mcrc-U
Fresno aim) Ic» As^f ! e»
•!t:»»A V..:;. ; ,. MarMnt-z UMl W«; .Stations *.>: 1'tp
•1O:»)0a Th- Onilmiil Lliiiiwtt— Oi:deu. I'ea-
irr, Omaha, i I,; ).'. "Ssl-Ip
¦IIiOOa Kil-.-*. BtoektOD. .¦S:^rim?at", Men-
dnta, Fmcu, ilanfurd. Vn-.:.«,
rcr'ortilla "Calif
•11:00a LlTeraor<«. fUnger. Giwh;n June-
tiuo. B.ikenitleid, l.o.i A:.g-'t-«
t i:««p rianii limit w liUet 8t»»m>w f .v »<> *
•3:O«p II ij.7ar<l». Nilts an J W»j 8Utfi.uf. 'a: ISp
•-Irtiiip »Ui:i',f, S»n lUinoi.. Vulleio,
Nai.L. «.'»li«t..K*. s»..t» It «» •WiI3a
•*.<i«r U-nU:ia. Wia--ers, HAcr«iueoto.
WoinllkiKl, K..l.h!» l.*a(ll:.».
M»rTS»IIls, Ormil!* •10:11*
•4i3«p KUes, nm . due aud Stockton *7:13p
•SiOOpTha Uiti Mmlt-rd— Tncj. Fresno.
KV.it r^ti-iM. .-m.i/tm tor a»nta llar-
hu», Lus Ausela*. •lO:»"it
•iliOOp Str*Iton •!»:«»*
•.liOOp New Or!»>»ni Einr?sa— l!»liersil"l<l.
.*¦*<•.:* l!«ni«r». Lo» Ang-les. Dem*
ing. El fuo, New Oclpana and
East T:*!**
•fl:O«p Ilay wards. >iik-i »nj Man Jose *7:<»a
t«ioor v»iiej» «iaii3p
¦U:OOr Orirtntal M*il- {){ !«n, ChejtBB».
Omaha, Cliictgu «lt:4SP
*«rOOp Orieotal M iii— ( )g Irn. Deader.
Omaua. Chicago •4:i:*p
*7:OOy Nile*. Tracy. I.tthmp. Stocktoa.... »iasl3p
}7t00r V»:i>-j'«. r.jt; 1 ti,,u and Waj «tj.
ti.ni.i t9:33p
•¦¦•3p Oreicun and Oa'.if. r-ii-v Kx|>rm, H»o
ntmeuto. M>ir»vllls. Ks.l.liiig.
VortUii.l. r.i«-.« S,. » »»,! Kant «*:I.-*A
COAST DIVISION tN;iri-oi» <inuf;e}.
(Foot (.f M.'rliet. Street.)
' t7t43A 8anU Crua excursion for Sant*
Crua and 1'rim ¦:; *l Way dtationa t**O3V
•Sll3i K e»var it. » >nl.-r »!.;••.»« n.l <>»,.. I'Vt. in.
Uonider I 'r -e « . .-; »n ' a Crux anil W ay
8utiam »«iat»
fS)i 1 3p Newark. Centertlllo, San .Into, Haw
Aimacten, teitou. liouMor tjinak.
Sant-a Cmi anil I'ltnolpal Way
Stations •l««l»«»»
•€llSv Newark. !San Joie. I.n« Oa»os t»:*«a
a4:l3p (ilenwood. Felton. 8tr.ta Cru» «»:3»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fraaSli rilSSlSCC— Fml «f Uiuii Sin.t ,i:u H>—
•7:15 9:0<) 11:00*. ¦. tl:S3 *2:S3 1313
•4:03 »:03 •8:C3r.M.
fr««UlIU»»— FailtrBruilwif.— *8:C0 8:00 10:00*. M.
. t!2:53 *l:03 t2:S3 «3:C3 t»:S3 '8::3r.M.
COAST DITISIO^ (Itr»a<l «i.tu B *).
(ThlrJ *:><i Towi»aml 3W.)
Ocean View. South «*n Kriuoiiiw.. \9illt>T
? 7:00* han Jons ami \V»r .sviii, i -i (New
A!ii:*.|-m W8<lne4<U;t»nly) *Ii30r
JixtlO* Sunday Kxcnnlon t r Han Joaa.
Santa Cniz. l*aciB3 Grota and
Priacipii'. Vi*j Stations J*:33l>
•tit»A Han Joao. Tim rinos. Hanta Crux,
Taciiio Crufn. I'ah> Unhlea, .Saa
l.uii Oliimxt. Hnrf. Laaipoc and
rriudiial Wa» >K_4ti.iM» ••¦.!•»
•l«:«o» Ra,, Jusa tml Way Mtatloull < •«¦:!.•» A
¦II::i»a San.Iod-.LoaGatosKii.lWaySUMmn »3iaop
t'-ii-lSr San Uateo, Itninoo'l, Mculo Put,
Palo A1U>. SanU CUra. Man .)<»<•.
Trt-» Plnoa. Haiita irux. Baiiuaa.
Monterey an.l facilic Cruie |IO:^«a
fitiSOp Han .Insn an J Way Statlnua *7:3»r.
f-liISp San Josesml Principal Way Statlom •y-.«5*
f.>:OOp.S.n Ja"\ Los OaUW and Principal
Waj Stations t»:wOA
M::,l)p Sau Joae awl Principal Way Stations t«:2-1a
•(:3«rSuiJcK>uJ Way Stations «*:»»«»»
Utl«.1p San Jo«giiii.l Way Ht.ttlonii »^:3<»p
A for Morning. 1* '«C Afternoon.
• D»ilf * 8unr1ar «xcept)id. J bunilay oal7<
ftSatuitiay uv.'.y
« Satwday aad Sundj« c Monday only.
GAUTOBSU N3HtSfEStEWl EY. CO.
LES3E33
SAli FRAHCISCQ AH3 NQHTH PAG1HS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot ot Blarftel SJ,
SAN FRAKCXSCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
%VKI£K DAVS — 7:10. 9:C0. 11:00 a. m. : 13:23.
8:20. 5:10. 6;3C p. jn. 'x'hur^ lays — Ki:ra trl]>
et il i ' - . ra. baturday*— ExUa tr'^s at 1:M
and 11:20 d. m. "i
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 3:30. ll:C0 a. m.r 1:30, 3:3Ct
5:CO. «:20 d. tt..
SAX RArAOi TO SAX FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS — 6:10, 7:J0. :<:20. 11:10 a. ro. ; 12:45.
3:10, 5:15 p. ni. Saturdays— Extra tr:;s at
1:55 and C:3j d. D.
SL'NDATS— S:19. 9:40. Jl:19 a. m. : 1:40. 2:40.
«:0S. 4:13 r.. m.
Between Han Francisco tr.2 Schuetzen Park
nm< schpilule as above.
L»ave I In KfT.ft. i Arriv»
Fan Irancisco. [Apr. 15. 1900. i San Frar.clscow
Week J Sun- I j Sun- I -Wee*
Eaj 1^. I days, f Destination.; days. | Days.
7:30 am! S:&C sit.! N'ovato. 10:40 am! S:40 ara
1:30 pm! 9:20 am! Petalurna. 6:05 praH0:20 am
t:D pml »:C0 p:n| Sar.ta Rosa. 7:05 pm; t:20 pra
Fnlt^n.
1:30 am Wtndaor. U:S aa»
He^iUiburj.
Ljrtton.
Ceyaervilla.
S:JO pm »:C0 smi Clovenlal^. T:33 pm 8:20 pta
7:30 ami I Kopl&nd I !li>:53 »in
t:30 pm[ 8:C0am[ ar.d Uklah. | 7:J3 pm! 8:20 pra
' 1:30 arnl 110:25 xnx
I 8:00 am Guerneville.! 7:33 pm
t:20 pm! j 1 «:20 pm
7:30 an[ 8:00 arr.! Sonoma 9:15 am S:40ara
and
B:10 pmf 5:C0 pm| Glen KlI'*!!. t:% pttj 6:29 pa»
7:30 am] 8:00 arr.J :i!>:4<r amlO:K arr\
8:C0 pen! 5:C0 pm| Se-bastcpol. | 7:3T. pa- 6:23 pta
Stages coT;r.?rt at Fanta Rcsa for Mark West
Eprtnss and Whits Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at 1^' tton for Lytton Springs: at
G«yservii:e for SUagcs Parinsa: at Cloverr»al»
for the Heystrs: at H.TOland for l^uncai*
Springs. Hljrhland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlj.
bad Springs. Soda Cay. Lakcpcrt and Hartlett
Bprlnics: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. 8arato«-»
Springs, Blue Lake*. Laural D«ll Laka. 'Wittor
Pprinss. T'Dper Lake. Porao. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Herley's. Fucknell'a.
Banhedrln Heights. Hallrille, Orr's Hot
Bprincs. Mendnclno City, Fort Bra**, \7nt-
port. I'sal. Willlta. LaytonvllU. Cummins,
bell s Sprinca. Ilarrts. Olaen's. Dyer. Scotl»
and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday roend trio tlcbeta aft
reduced rates.
On Bundny rrmnd trip tickets to all polnta
Vrond San Raf.tM at half rat^n.
Ticket office, «I0 Market St.. Chronicle bld«.
S. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
f Chaneral ilanacer. O«n. Paas. A^ent.
NORTH PACIFIcIoAStTaILROADL
Via Sausaltto Ferry.
CocunenciRK Auril ~, 1JJ0.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
ANL> SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:1)0. *S:10, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
12:45. '1:43, 3:15. 1:15. *3.15, «:13. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, ca Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00' and 11:U5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. «8:00. *9:C0. «10:u0. 11:00. 11.30
a. m.; 12:45. '1:30. 2:30. •!:*$. Z:0% 6:00. 7:a>
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FltOM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. *«:30. 7:30. 8:40. »10:li *.
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:!3. *3:Zn. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *6:4^ and 10:2f> p. ns.
SUNDAYS— 6:1>. •S:**). *0:5f>. *ll:0O a.m.; «l20i>
m. ; l:C0. 2:13. •Z.X. 4:30, •5:13. 6:iZ. 7:30. 10/ii
p. m
Trains rr.arked (•) start from San Qupntln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO PAN FRANCISCO
WEEK PATB"»:ST. 6:45. 8:00. 8:35. 10:30 a.
m. : 12::<5. 1:43. 2:43, S:30, 4:f.0. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
ani Saturdays at 7:10 ar.d M:^) p. m.
SL'.\'DAYS-6:ri, 8:C3. 10:0.">. 11:10 a. nr : 12:li
1:2?. 2:-0. 3:ir.; 4:5r>. 9:15, 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Casadero and way sta-
tions.
2:13 p. m. Eaturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. in. Sundays— Cazadero aad way s-.a-
tlons.
12: tf d. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
¦tatlons.
&/\T^nf\ f"e; route
MA RKKT-STREET FERRY.
Leave: 'Overland: Daily for Chica-I Arrive:
) e". Kansas City, Denver
and all Eastern points.
E! Paso. City of Mes-
I tea. Pr;3cott nnd Pnoe-
i nix, Ariz.. PakJrstiel.J.
9 a.m. Visalla. Vulare. Han- • p. m.
ford. Fresco. Merged.
Stockton. Anttoch. Stand-
ard and Tourist fleep-
cr? ta Chicago, r^n.'n?!
c^r b«twe«n Stockton and!
' Bafcersfield. I x
" ; Stcckton I^ocal: For S.-.n
4:10 p.m. PaMo, Pinole, ilulr. L'uy 11:05 a.m.
L ffft,ass& Anu -
Rakersfield I-ncal: For ?i:i
S p. rr.. r>ch. Stocktr.n. Merced. 3 a. m.
Fresno. Hanford. Visa-
j lla. Talara anil Bakers-
field. f»Iees»r.<i to, Fresno
' I anJ BaJwrsneld. -. -'-¦¦
TICKET OFFICES: 6« Market it.
Ferrj' Depot, foot of Markst St.. Ban Franc!»co.
111S Eroadsray. Oakland.
CiTFrienfis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel ot the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2-J25 Mli-fion street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Twentieth and Guerrero streets.
GREEN— In this city. September 6, 1500, Olivia
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BURKE— In this city, September G, 1900. Jo-
• seph M.t eldest and dearly beloved son of
Michael and Kate Burke, and brother of
Georee Burke, Mrs. C. V. Hatfleld and the
late Mary A. and Lilly L. Burke and Mrs.
George Aubertln. a native of San Francisco,
aced 23 years 4 months and 24 days.
CARSON— In this city, September 5, 1300, at
her residence, 1414 Bush street. Rebecca,
widow of tho late Bernard G. Carson, and
mother of John B. Carson, Mrs. M. Huddy,
Mrp. J/ J. Punbar and Mrs. S. A. Barr, a na-
tive r^x Londonderry, Ireland, aped 78 years.
IT^Th? funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 14H Bu?h Ftreet, thence to St. Mary's
Cathe<lral, where a solemn requiem hlKh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CORR— In this city. September 6, 1900, Mary A.
Corr, beloved wife of Frank Corr, and mother
of Nellie, Francis, Parney and Josephine Corr,
a native of County Tyrone, Ireland.
DT'GGAN— In this city, September 6, 1500. Grace
T. DURgan, beloverl daughter of Philip II.
Duggan, dearly beloved and only sister of
Mrs. Edward C. Lnrswell. and dearly beloved
niece of Mrs. Walter Gnllaeher and Mrs. H.
Ja. de VruII, a native of San Frai.clsco, aBe<t
20 years nnd 2S days.
EDSON— At rest. In this city, September 4, 1900,
Albert, beloved husband of Louise Edson, a
native of Norway, a?ed 60 years. (Virginia
City, Nev.. papers please c*ny.)
ALBERGA— August 23, 1900. drowned In the
bay. Bonnie Alberga. beloved son of Geortre
L. Albcrsa, a native of San Francisco, aged
19 years.
ALLISON— In the City and County Hospital,
Kei.teiriber 6, 1300, David Allison, a native of
Scotland, acod €3 years.
ARMSTRONG- In this city, September 4, 1900.
Amanda Armstrong, dearly beloved mother of
Mr*. J. P. Hayden. Mrs. C. Landstrom, Mrs.
W. ToJman, Mrs. O. Crocco and Bertha, Ida,
GustaVe and Eddie Armstrong, and beloved
eister of Mrs. O. Bloomriuist, a native of
Stockholm. Sweden, aijcd 63 years and 7 days.
(CTFrienis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atu-nd the funeral thia day
(Friday;, nt 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. *15H Larkin street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BIAGINI— In this city. September o, 19CO, An-
toinetta Biacinl, beloved wife of Zcffln- Hia-
Rit.i. beloved mother of Beatrice, Irene, Ethel
Pearly and Antoinetta Blagini, beloved daURh-
ter of Klorindo and Rosa Hiaeini, and Mster
of Jos»j>h, James, Adeline, Krank and Kmma
B'.aBiP.l. a native of San Francisco, aged 31
years 11 months and 18 days.
BOLTS— In Manila, » P. I., of typhoid fever.
Richard Carroll Bolts, dearly beloved son of
John F. and Sarah A. Bolts, and beloved
brother of John F., Martin C. and Ruth S.
BoHs, a native of San Francisco, aeed 19
years and 8 months. Formerly a member of
Company D, First California Regriment. U.
S. V.
DIED.
Alberga, Bennle Maly, Mary
Allison, David Marlow, Anson
Armstrong-, Amanda Mathews, Mrs. Mary
Bia«ini. Antoinetta Mayers, Mary P.
Bolts. Richard C. Montgomery. Emma
Hurke, Joseph M. O'Connor. John P,
Carson. P.ebecca O'Nell, Frances
Corr. Mary A. Phillips, Ike
IKipgan, CJrace T. Powers, Mary A.
Rdson. Albert Russell, Jessie M.
(Jreen, Olivia Schmitz. Louisa
Hampshire, Ella Talbot, Mary D.
Jim Gee Vohs, Richard
Kenny, Hanorah M. Voss, John Jr.
King-sbury. Kate Warren. Kate
Llewellyn. Caroline 'WiKet Mnfant)
McCaffrey, James Wlngerter, Jacob
Malley. Manraret
MARRIED.
ATTNE— SAXDP- In Lnrin, September 5, 1900 by
the Rev. O. Groensbergr, Oluf Ludwlg Aune
and Laura Sands.
FRIEDLANDEH-CHEEVER-In this city, Au-
gust SO, 1510. T. Gary Friedlandor and Jessie
Cheever.
MUNDER— LTTBKB— In this city, September 5
1900. by th» Rev. F. W. Fischer, Emil J.
Munder and Annie T. Lubke, both of San
Francisco..
BORN.
AMEND— In this city. August 19, 1900. to the
wife of Jacob Amend, a son.
LIXDHOB- In this city. September 3. 1900. to
the wife of John Llndrob, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with th<» name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the tame published.
ripTIJ Q 11 A DDT h P Ffl T\V h fJiUO
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• . Steamers leave Broadway
|*^ wharf. S.-»n Francisco:
iSSjS^- For Alaskan Ports— 11 a.
S^Cv^SfcV m -> September 8, '.:!. I" 1 . 21.
Kj^P^T^ -*¦ Oct - 2 - Change to Com-
K^% »A§!\^Vy pany'a steamera at Seattle.
B* '$\f3l For Victoria. Vancouver
RgSgSZZVaireM (B. O. Port Townsend. Pe-
(**SS'>*S"i attle, Taorma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.)— 11 a. m., September
«, 13, IS, 23, 2S. Oct. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y; at
Seattle or Tacoma to >.". P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 f. m., Sep-
tember 10. 15, 20, 25, 3'), Oct. 5. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Plmeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (fan Luis Obi?po). Oavtota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro,
Ea*t San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. September S, 12. 16. 20, 24, 28, Oct. 2,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Sun t>ieso. »t"rr>lnp only nt Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obisrn). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Retlondo (Los Angeles)— 11
a. m.. r*>ptpmbor fi, 10, 14. IS. 22, 26, 30, Oct.
4, and evf-ry fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada. Maedal<-na Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. A!?ata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and fiuaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain . company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chance
stoamers, xalline dates and hour3 of sailing
without prpvlous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel*.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
TH? 0. B. & N. Rn.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAMD
From Snear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
PARP $12 First Class ,n ..uaing Berth
TMnr. $8 Second CIas3 end Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Hept. V>. 20 30
COLUMBIA sails Sept. 5, 15. 23, Oct. 5
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Aeent.
<30 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Hrannan streets, at 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKOXO. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkone with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARTT
Saturday. September 22 l?0O
PS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday, Oct. 17 1T0
SS. HONGKONG MARl7....Tues., Nov. 13. 19C0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINH.
RW YORK. fiOUTHAKPTON. LONDON. TiXl\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York Sept. 19'New York Oct m
St. Paul Sept. 2«;St. Paul Oct. 17
St. Louis Oct. 3 St. Louis Oct. 24
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington Sept. 19JSouthwark Oct. 10
Noordland Sept. 26, Westernland ....Oct. 17
Friesland Oct. 3| Kensington Oct' *>!
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.| "
' 30 Montgomery Street.
— —^— — — — — — ¦
COMPAONIE OENEEALE TRAN3ATLANTI3HE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _«_«^'
Sailing every Thursday. in»tead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1S3?, at 5fyV»#*i>
It) a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton street. LA BRETAGNK. Sept 13- L\
LORRAINE. Sept. 20; LA CHAMPAGNE. Sent.
27; LA TOITRAINE, Oct. 4. First class to
Havre, $82 GO and upward. Second class to
Havre. $53 and upward; 5 per crnt reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson huilding). New York. J. F. FCGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 3 Montgomery
avenue. San Franclscou
OCEANIC S.S. CO.-HQXOr.irLU. APIA
AUCKLAND A>'I> BTONEI,
5. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. Sept. 19. 2 p. m.
S. S. MOAXA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. Oct. 3. S p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 643 Market St.
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freiaht Oftice. 327 Mark:! St.
KOSMOS LINE
ABYDOS iXO tons
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg.
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
, S. S. Tanls, 430O tons, sails about September 5
J. D. SPRECKELS A I5ROS. CO.. Agenti". I
643 Market st. Pier No. 7— Freight office, 327
Market St., San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. RAW YARD AND YAILE&
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tups., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9-45
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thura. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Miisioa-street Dock
Pier No. 2. , Telephone Main 1508."
FARE 5Cc.
/f iJr.JGibbon's Dispensary,
fifl ifiiil£l' in I*** lor the treatment of Private
«UJorS*£f Dlseuaes, Lost Man bix.fl D«»bi!iiyor
*3j&£ i 3£g*$Ji disease veurin,foii bodynndtn!i:aa:i<J
VSwtiK'?* skin Ciaeasts. 'i'hc doctorcurentvhen
*i^J&'» t .S?a 1>U)ersfa11 - rry h!av Chargep iow
i.-'rfswif--iil!iJ 4'niv«5MRrr,nai8-«« i Caliorvfrlta
Or- J. *" lilBBUJi. Box JO37.i3an Kra; .Cisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry-
WEEK DAYS.. ..9:30 a. m., 1:43 and 5:15 pm
SUNDAYS.. .8. 9. 10, 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:M p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return $1 -JO
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN'"
TICKET OFFICES.. 621 MARKET ST * !
SAUSAL1TO FEKRV. " J
The follow-In? marriase licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John J. McDonald, 23. 204 San Jose avenue,
oni Freda K. Lempp. 25. 732A Grove street.
Axel R. Cahlinar, 2S, 1925 Ocean avenue, and
Hulda A. E. Lindbom. 31, «192.i Ocean avenue.
Charles F. liaumann. 33, IV-!mont. and Mag-
gie Morrisirey. 2S. South San Francisco.
Manuel ViPira. 36. cr. Jackson street, and
£>-phia A. Lacerda. 19, t."> Jackson street.
Fred Bailey, 20. 3SA Kighth street, and Au-
guf-ta A. Hopkins. 23. Stockton.
Krod C. Inland, 27, US Lapidee street, and
Hattif M. Littell. 30. 20 Diamond street.-
Hugh McDonouKh. 21. Sis Lanston street, and
May A. Donnelly, 21. 456 Sixth street.
Charles F. Burce, 23. 23S Sixth street, and
Notlip D. Murray. 22. 23S Sixth street.
Francis V. Smith. 30, city, and Sarah Black.
21. city.
Fred H. Keinhardt. 27. 72SU Stevenson stroet,
and Amelia A\>hr, 27, S7 Grand Rtreet.
Oscar A. Landstrim, 33, r> California nvenue,
and Josephine B. Peterson. 25, M.00 I'aclflc ave.
Alois Luba. 27. S Marye tfrrace. and Babette
Schmid. jo. 741 Thirfonth street.
Rocco Risso. 2*. 2«3'. 2 Shipley street, and
Sadie Lucas. IS, £3'> Sixth street.
MAKRIAGE LICENSES.
PROPOSALS for constructing, by contract, five
battleships will be received at the Navy De-
partment until 12 o'clock, noon, on Thursday,
November 16, 1800, when they will be publicly
opened. A circular defining the chief charac-
teristics of said vessels is now ready for dis-
tribution amons bidders. Forms of proposal
and contract may be had. and the clans and
speclncations examined, upon application to
the department, on and after September 15.
1900. F. \V. HACKETT. Acting Secretary of
the Navy, 9-1-1900 .
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., September 3, 1900.-
Pealed propoFals. In duplicate, will be re-
ceived here, until 12 o'clock m., Thursday,
September 13, 1S0O. for furnishing, during Kep-
tember and October. 1S00. oats barley, hay
and hay for bedding, at Presidio of San
Francisco, Cal. Government reserves right to
reject or accept any and all bids, or any
part thereof. Preference Klven to articles of
American production, conditions of price and
quality (including In the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) being equal, and
euch preference given to articles of Ameri-
can production produced on the Paelflc Coast
to extent of consumption required by the
public service there. Information furnished
on application to J. M. MARSHAiIl, Chief
Quartermaster.
rROrOSALS invited— Bids for providing and
Installing a sev.-aere pumping plant for the
Folsotn prison, practically conforming to spec-
ifications now on file v.ith the State Hoard of
Prison Directors and State Beard of Exam-
iners, will bo received by said respective
boards at the oftice of the Hoard of Exam-
iners in the State Canltol, Sacramento, Cal..
until 2 o'clock p. m. cf October 6, 1300. at
which time they will be publicly opened. The
right to reject any or all bids is reserved.
Copies of Fpeciflcations may be obtained from
the clerk of the board at Folpom prison.
Kach htd must be accompanied by a certi-
fied chf-ck for 12C0O drawn on some bank of
rood standing to the orrler cf R. M. Fitzger-
ald, nr<-;s!dent State Board of Prison Direc-
tors, which check shall be forfeited to the
Ftate If the bid which accompanies such
check la accepted and the party making the
bid refuses to enter into a contract and exe-
cute a cood and sufficient bend, payable to
the Str.te of California, in an amount to be
fixed by the State Hoard of Prison Directors,
for ihe faithful performance of the contract
awarded. By order of the State Bor-rd of
Prison Directors.
KIU1XARD F. SMITH, Clerk of the Board.
1'UOroSALS.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giont Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. 21. of seventy-
five cents (7jc) per share on the issued capital
Ftock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, 430 Cali-
fornia St., San Francisco, on September 12,
1B00. Transfer books elope September B. 1900,
nt noon. A. A. SPARK?, Secretary.
* OFFICES AMI STORKS TO LIST.
i ::.\j.v fPUKCKiCLe building. »:•; Marks t^
Offices, llcltt aii.l .<ur.ny. sir ;o !:v per noath 1
l?5Rt. i-jtat. jaintcr and use ct tcL Included.'
TO rer.t— iJodern »tere: well lighted; SaZlM:
r<v-i «. -s«-i r.nUe. I2i> HaVes st.
PKIISUXALS.
ANY ..r." kncnlr.c the Wiwrcabouta of BILLY
vVILrt.IASift. siun |>air.ter. :{ years agj Uvlaa
c«<r, <'ia> nnl Kearny with a Prof, llulier
;.l<9t*e Itifcrra '.'DICK," CIS Commercial et '
old Dick'ji 1'Iai-e.
T.19 Golden Gate ave.
rr.TVATi: detective v.ork; reasonable ratnrlo
-il-'" s l- v; : (r l (n(<> ' J ' B - ltAY - X7 Jesale st.
viit: ul'dson pjvnn co.,
.. ' ' - BOPEG BROS.
aittmiM ar.d jMiJov.p mado to order re-
¦xverrJ and renovated: honest work jfus'ran-
:¦>£: pn«H»s defy competition; fire uj,h«->lstery ¦
Phone ..ics: factory. 2,s and ??•> Eleventh n \
t:r»t-i-.s« rle.iiiinr nqd rfyHng. 12S OKarrel!
r.».ir r.nv«:i. Krancifoo.
¦: i>K!M;i:ri: has a fine exhibition rf hair
sw:«. -«-s Uils ~(,k, ii up: UsUt nnl cray
;-^ ! J' I ? "¦•'•ialty: hargains. IK Stockton.
VI- HT PUKFKU?
v Pew-nii i«Uc»«s writJi Rhrair.attstn (nn mat-
•¦ r t>l tow iont Btan£lnf).or *ny other cbronle
¦.*¦..'». thr.r.ld .all at or— at the SANS
PO1 ' . IM1 .an .\>s« ave- th» up-to-date i-i-
t rn lC r •trcatmor.t. AVe have 25 jears 1
npwl*ncg. Charges reasinabje.
P.L.ECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hot«»I. <4 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooma;
-¦ ;•¦ si ro \fr nicht: ii r.o f> $C i^<?r T.-«--k:
• - bu« and "oasCTKe to and frnm the ferry.
LKJ •::>.;:;:. the popular & halrdr?tter~7he
':y aeatett and ir.tost hair Fty'.cs. only CJp.
t '"iTF to r.rd'r rn tartailmentfi: f.'> upr.-ard;
:\ a m-eelc. LKOjj LEUOS. 1177 Market st..
bctye^n Seventh and Eighth.
1 iI<ES^-3C0 ixrnsanent cures In S:in Francls'x^,
*ho .-an 1>« seen: no operation: no pain: r»'-
-.ic-jlars Ad. Physician. i>ojc 3SJP. Call.
FT. 176 to order on easy payment?. Art T.-iilor-
ir.p Co.. ',e<4 Mkt.. under St: KJcbola* Hctel.
1-: dercr Quintcr.lca Hnir Tor.ic. STk? hot.: I^r!<>r-
er Fi2.no Shampcc. only r.o pkK. 113 Stockton.
UAin t.;ii!ekly curled rr waved by uslnc Tal-
c<;;t'r cnrtlr* Acid: 55e a bctt'.^; dnisitjsts.
V." ANT ED— Old-fashioned silver. r.ras-». copper
ALFREOniS Cirnniati Urnna rtftore? Rray
hair to I'm nttural color: i\. at a!l <1ru»s;ist5.
CAST-OFF dothlne. old c -Id and silver bought;
**n4 j.-^taV ¦¦oi.rMAN'P. r/>r K«mv Ft.
PIIVSICI.WS AND SIRGEOXS.
I'll .V II. REEVE. 2C [ i Kearnj-, euros by olec-
**'ic.t\-. rCer\ ou^ l^r^^trs tion, In^oninia, Asth-
rr.a. IllioumE'iFtn. Faralj-fli'. Catarrh. Con-
FUtnptica. Kidney anJ infiammatpry cases;
rjif^aee* dSaci'^oppd.
\U.~C. r. OJXjNMrLL-Office and reMJence.
•'?T~ Market «l. . 1*>X. i-'.xih «nd S^ypr.th.
RF.IL ESTATE CITV — FOR SAL.K.
\j 'TS * ffert-d at ha'f their value— Two choice
lot*. S3KI2Q. <>n Kieventh ave.. convenient to
ihe »>l»»oiric cars tliat p3»> on Clement within
a few *ter>« every few minutes; urice only
?12 r 0 for both, oash: all Ftrf<t work done and
ready to build on; lots in the fame block are
m< rtpaK^d for I.*i00 and upward; the artual
oo?t <>? th«-t-» lota waf.frWO; taxes Vtll be itaid
In fuli t<> r^xT year: thn<> outrht to be scores
of buy^r? f-apfr for this splendid bargain.
I can arrariEe If necessary for eaj-y pay-
Tr.ents cr flat'ican. W. .T. GUNX.
530 California et.
THE cboloeet I^t in niohm-^nd. w»>«t File T»nth
a\r.. I2S T"et south from Clement; rsxir<i feet;
or. elevated rround; all street irork il^ne; a
jirptty home on «>arh Fl<5e of it. ani very dr-
flraHc on this arenunt; electric cars ra^s
witJiin r 'r?w Ft^j's. on d^Tii^nt Pt-. every f^w
minut>"«>; trac«fers with fut!er-Et. road; nne
fare all parts of the city; price only JOTO; Hi
Erst payment, tixy installments to suit; this
li I c s-t Jli".'> 12 years aco. If you are jook-
injt It a rif^irable )o» to bu!M on lie sure
to thip one.
"vv-. J. GOfK. EM California Ft.
H-P.'^ili furr.'.fhed flat, all modern convent-
«ir«. hr^t aii'l cold water in all the rnoir.s. 4
riK^pij; r**nTOvi to p^rnmnf nt r'artie?: r**nt $3-"«.
«sir>r fr»^: will be Fold very cheap. Call Slj^i
c.fary Ft., tiet. Hyde and Larkin, bet. 9 a. m.
and 13 r'c:"ck.
MODERN houft f;u'.lt; lowest rrice. 1 ": plans ard
J'l^SION cottape; 6 roonm an4 bath; large lot;
terrr.s to FU'.t buyer. Owner 411 Kearny et.
HEil, ESTATE COIXTIIV For Sale
AC<ri.*I{A"JJ j"*rsonal knowleclge — each of the
3 f v(i ranches on my SaLK and EXCUATfOE
l:ft. Mor* than all ether agents In this city.
N. r» PICKKI.^. th«- land pg»r.t. C Geary Et.
ETOCK and Krain ranch for sale in Colus>a Co.;
1140 acres; SIC an acre; 500 Krain. re«t in hill
Ian1 M. B.CHAXUON. MarjsviUe. Cal.
T'i'l fh\e— About 2 acres of land, near Colma,
San Mateo County. 443 Valencia ft.
A— t't'i- "¦: a«-re bOBM in Lop Gatoe: s rooms. Ap-
•ply A. M BPECK & CO., CC7 Market et.
«*ITY propertr* and farms told or exchanged.
M C.rif"IN'. 7!> Mnrkot ft. : list free.
Hi: %.!. ESTATE TO EXCIIAXGE.
EOUSK of 6 rooms In Al&meda; will rer.t for
J'> per month; exehanre for lots in Alameria
r-r Hf-rkeloy: oast of Grove st. :%nr>rteagre JSOO.
.T. H. VOVNO. 1243 I'ark ?t.. Alame.ia.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
I»T"RCHASn 10 to 2-1 acres land In Sonoma
County: cive locality. <1pscrii>tion an.] lowest
earn rrice. V.ox wi. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IJARGAJXF in Improved and unimproved Ala-
rn~d+ r-al t-*-tatc in r.l! farts of Alam»>Ja on
rary terrai. AlBu.crJa I^and Company; 1^'JO
I'ark t-X.. Alprr.f'!a; ?"' Post rt.San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADYERTKEMENTS
DEBKCUEV REAL ESTATE.
f.-ROOM houi"*-; 2 Tjlock* from 5trtion: jrood
windmill, ttnk ani well: fruit tr«K»- and gar-
den; let «CxlU; fenced; a l>8rjra!n; JUW;
tlOA d^T'n. balance In monthly I'.-iyments of
P$12 M i^r month. Take Berkeley train. r<"t f)ff
at Lortr. and a*k for KUDOL.P11. PERKINS
.' I^f'.N".
"EW boi;*e of 6 rooms, patent closets, bath
ard pantry; hot and coM water; lot EteUO;
concrm- hi<1e»»]kF; just 1 hlr«-k firm Ftation
tchool or stores ; pr!c» tZM); fn'Hll payment
•lown and balance to suit purchaser.
UUDOLPH. PEBKIN'S & LTOJf.
Lortn Stati. n. Berkeley.
tZS»— YOU really should rcc thlTi Jt'« worth
JnFr*<~tion; Just completed; southeast corner
t Telegraph ave. and Derby :-t. ; 5-room cot-
tap*, finished in a thoroughly workmanlike
manner !n every r^Fpoci; with eJectric lights.
Si» connections, etc.. and only 10 minutes'
¦*a.'.H from the university. Apply to MASON
& McLENATHEN. adjoir.ing P. O., Berkeley
t-tatlon.
rTrT PfNTA TnACT-Pan Pablo ave.. 2
mllm north of Berkeley: »15O to tl'50 per acre-
lots |» to fir^) each: V. a month; call for
r-aps. C. W. HAIGHT. <M California St.. S.F.
invcrtniTt f < r J7'Cd; M-^ck rf iani favnr^
ably !«cp*-'-<* n»3t vur,!nf Santa F» naflrrail
»>«rttcii1ar" <" '.v MOTT. tit Market ?t.,?.F!
OAKI.^rAl)VFItTISEMEm
CFFiCE— II!3 BROADWAY.
• oaklatvd real estate.
a*sacrotce£?
a sacrifice.
A SACRIFICE.
A SACniFICE.
£ acres tt.n of Frulltmje; 4 oiry-itF of eiertr!<?
'erf. finest fcoll In UM«8tate: lan-I jrartb J1900;
over I18N vorth of r.w lmrrovrments three
ni'-ir.'hs old; »fi otter It. all for tV.(iQ: cheap at
'!¦>>. !/!«» tjie pri r ' .' or.Iy m> cash; balance at 7
per cent; wealthy owner recently planned for
h liom*-; ccr % .i^1>i\ tr> 50 away at once; time
Halted: f** to-4ar: a plek-up.
LAVilAXCn REAL K.STATE CO..
<y<-4C: KJghth at.. f)akland.
OAKLAND rrit.MTiniJ FOIl SALE.
AN Introfluctlcn to you froia II. Rchellhaa.s. the
fur::,ture ri.-alir. Ilth and Franklin. Oakland.
IIOOMS FOR HOf.*»EKEE?»IXG.
IIATM5IFTT. », off Hon-ard, near ilxtrT-lT^
furr.irhcd housel:eeplns rocmif. ,
-APP, 20—3 large i:nfurtilshed rv.r.ny room* to
.1 <;uift ffimllj- without children,.
LlDERTT. 2«— « large rooms to let; bath ana
laundry. . /
ZJARKET. 10»-I^rsre llekt r/'.r,"m er.4 kl'chea
furnitliM: folding twd; K**:j RO a manth.
MCALLISTER, CJS-2 nicely; ' TuTrJ^eTlulinT
rtonn, complete for bouseWpep'g; j>rivate i $15
MISSION. EIl-L«rce m:nnyj7o^ni| housekeep-
ing. 1! fti; eir.firle nx.ms, tl JO. v
KOK. 1M-* cr 4 very Bunny roorr.g; lower cor
flat; cu range; erate; ba. t h; %vz-. nr.rth l!kt!
ROOMS FOIl HOrSEKEEPIXG,
POLK. ¦ 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent cheap. ->*.:
POLK, 1820— Nice sunny 'room and use of kitch-
en. $10; all conveniences.
POST, i'fZ— Sur.ny housekeeping Fultos, $12 and
i:pward; pas range; water; single rms. %'. JS.
l-OV.'ELL. uoi— 3 or 4 large *-:unny connecting
rooms for housekeeping; nink, gas, bath.
STOCKTON. C02— Nice sur.ay furnished rooms
einsie and en suite, with or without board;
also lijrlit Jiousektcring.
srNXNY-BROOK House. XE. cor. Gough.
Market »rA llalght— Furnished rooms to let by
d.-.y. week cr month; also housekeeping; en-
trrnce tS Gotiffh st.
fil"ITKR. '425—2 desirable furnished rewms for
tHius'-kceriing; reasonable. v
TENTH. 135— Sunny rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; also Fingle rooms.
TH I RTEENTH.** K3.1 near Valencia— 1 large
front rocm complete for hou.«eiiee;>lng; also
Kr.-.al! room.
VAN NESS, 4C>0— 3 well-furnished connecting
tunny rooms: tubs: larRe yard and garden.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. anil fnfarn.
ALASKA place, E. off Mcj>c?n. below nay— A
comfortably furnished room, with housekeep-
ing privileges, lor a lafiy to be companion
for a ycur.g girl in absince of mother.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. MS Sixth— Rooms
2Tc to Jl p«>r night. * 23 to ?5 per week, and
!f?ht bouKkeeptDS; cptn all nijht. .
ACCOMMODATION for about 23 people In a
rr ; \at«- ho,,*": Keamy St.. near Market. Box
40*4, Call effle*.
.M'AKTMKNTH. slnule. FUite; furnished; rea
stable. Si. James.\or. McAllister & Lagun*.
BUItNE.1T. 1C3 Market <old No. :304>— Fur-
nlFheJ rai!., suites, single; also unfurnishei.
BUBH." EM I (Th« " Elk>— Changed handu, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., Jl M to $7
week; 2Jc to M» night. MRS. P. P.AXFT.
CASTRO. £11— Beautiful furnished rooms (2).
SO: oats raFS the door.
CLAY. 1711— Single furnished room; private
family; rent IS.
CLIFFORD. 204 K!lis. cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 81D-3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
conveniences; fine location; private residence.
ELLIS. 6C9. corner Larkin— Sunny front room;
Oouble l*d; by day. week or month.
ELLIS, 78J— Nicely furnished medium-sized
room; Grate, closet, bath, gas; reasonable.
FIFTH. 3i>9— Visitors to the city will find nice-
FULTON, 1"4. near Var. Ness ave. first flat—
Three nicely furnished sunny rooms; bay-
vi Inflows.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 414 A— Large sunny rooms
furnished; reasonable.
GRAND BOUTHERNJ southeast corner Seventh
fcr.d Mission sts.— funny rooms, en suite or
Finsle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GRANT ave., 21 (The Wellington)— Elegantly
furn. sunny rooms; by ri&y. wi-ek or month.
HARRISON. 731— Large front room; S3 a week.
HOTEL Francisco— E!:>sar.t puke?: Hr.R'.e: tran-
sient: baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. SlS-Uccm? fivm $1 week up to Jj;
Jio to SI night: also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. SSS. cor. Sth— Orlando House— New
n.anagernent; furnish"'! rrr.s. -^ suites or single.
HYDE. 4 ri S— Sunny front parlor, suitable for 3;
also single rooms by the day.
JESSIE. 339. opposite Emporium— Accommoda-
tion fnr 12 visitors during the celebration In
private family; terms reasonable.
JESSIE. SC3, near Fifth and Market— Newly
furnished rooms. Jo and up.
LAS PALMAS. 1*20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin. rn;s. ; beard optional.
MoALLIPTEH. 907— 3 sunny furnished bay-win-
dow Kooma and bath- rt*>rmar. family; $1S mo.
MISSION. 7S3. near Fourth— Neatly furnished
rccms, day or week; block from Markef st.
MISSION', 1641B— Sunny furnished single room
for gentleman in private family.
NEW MONTGOMERY, ins— 20 men to take sin-
gle rooms; 6oc to $1 per week.
O'FAHRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; el»etr!c lights; day. wk.. mo.
OKARRELL. MS— Nicely furnishpd sunny quiet,
rooms, en suite or single; gas, bath, phone.
ROPEDALE House. 319 and "21 Ellis st. -Rooms,
night 2T>c to $1, week $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROTAX. HOUSE. 126 EUI* St.— Incandescent
Upht .; reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, {2
to iS; month. $8 to $20; elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot ar.d cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment Hou«. 23 Eighth St..
near Mark't — Furnished or unfurnished.
PHOTWELL. 121— Sunny furnished front room,
t3 E0 per mnnth.
SIXTH. 135— Furnished sunny rooms: sinple or
suites ; also rooms for lipht hdusckeepine.
STEVENFON, C5-Furnlshed double and single
room?; sunny.
TAYLOR. FIO— Newly furnished sunny front
room for 2. J13 per month: sras. bath. etc.
ROOMS AND DOAKD.
MISS I>AVLIN'S. 415 First— Rooms with or
without board: term* reasonable.
ROO3IS WANTED.
TWO «r thrv* unfurnished housekeeping rooms,
north of Market: state price, llox 4^66. Call.
IF you want to rent room? during holidays call
room fi!2. Examiner building.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
NOTICE If hereby given that after June 1,
1800 I will r.ot be responsible for any debts
contracted by the firm of A. CRAVIOTO
nnd G. I'EUAZZO, doing business at S45 Mc-
Allister et. L. MASS A.
PILES— PETER. FREILINO'S clip salve, $1 pet
l>ox; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
in hing. external, internal or protruding
r.iles without fail, no matter of how long
Mandir.p. 1C2S t>»visadero st. . near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1 up;
painting cone. Hertman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD*tenants ejected for 14; collections made:
city cr -.-ountry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41n Montgomery p t.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5SS0.
BEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bnURht. sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; oren even. 205 4th at.
BOCailT. sold, rented, repaired, needles and
shuttles; reduced ratrs. 14. r ,, 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kindc J>ougr.t. Bold and repairing Kuaran-
teed. Chaw Plambeck. 1815 Mission, nr. lath.
STORAGE AND WARKIIOUSKS.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vais Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Corn-
pany 2320 Fillmore et. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1M0 — Parking, movrng and storage.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
fell bette' machines for lesss money than any
house in the city; rentals. ?3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main 2C6.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters: any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
Montgomery tt.
NEW typewriters. ?:. down. J5 month payments.
P.KVALX. 403 California ft.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Honolulu Plantation
Company, location of principal place of busi-
iie*?. Sin Francisco, California. Notice is
hereby given that at a meeting; of the board
ft director*. *hr!d en the 221 day of August,
l&f.O, an asFPEsment No. 1 of one ($1) dollar
per snare was levied upon the capital Ftock
of the corporation, payabla immediately in
United State.- goH coin to the secretary at
th" office of the company, No. 327 Market 8t.,
Son Francisco, California.
Any ctock upon which this assessment fhall
remain unpaid on the IGth day of October,
19-10. will b» dcliniuent, and ndvertised for
ft.-ile at public auction, nnd unless payment
Is made before will b? srld on Thursday, the
m day of November, litCO. to pay the delin-
quent afsefsment. together' with the costs of
advertising and exz>tnnes of sale.
K. H. SHELDON,
Secretary nf Honolulu Plantation Company.
Office located »t No. 327 Market St.. San
Francisco. California.
U3SCSSMENT notice — Honolulu Kusar Com-
pany, location of principal place of business,
H: n" Francisco, «'all?crnla. Notice Is hereby
riven that at a meotinc of the board of direc- .
tors 1«M on the 22<I day of August, i9rjo, an
aKFeVsment No. 9 of nine ($9) dollars per
share tvr.s levied upon the capital stock of
ihe corwratlon, payable Immediately In
United States cold coin to the secretary at
the office of the company. No. 327 Market St.,
i-an Francisco. California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the Sth day of October,
ir«xi. vtill bo delinquent, and advertised for
Kale' at public auction, and unless payment is
made before will b» fold on THURSDAY,
the 25th day of October, 1900, to pay the de-
linquent assessment, torether with the costs
of advertising; and expense* of Bale.
E. If. SHELDON.
Secretary of Honolulu Sugar Company.
Office locatrd at No. 227 Market St., £an
Francisco. Call1/«"3&.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 19 i30o per
share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after -Wed-
nesday, September 12, 1900. Transfer bookB
close on Tuesday, September 4. 1900, at 3 p. m.
E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 449 Jersey street, between Castro and
Diamond. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WIGET — In this city, September 6. 1000, Infant
daughter of Martin and Mary Wiget.
WINGERTER— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. September. 6, 1900, Jacob Wingerter, a
native of Germany, aged 4S years.
C?Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lots of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
VOSS— In Fort Bragg, September 3. 1900, John
Jr., youneest and beloved son of John and
Mary Voss, and brother of Mrs. L. Gilbert.
Mrs. H. Jensen, Mrs. D. Grosscop and Fred
Vcss. a native of New York, aged 22 years
0 months and 2 days.
WARREN — At rest, September 5, 1900, In this
city, Kate Warren, mother of Mrs. Kate E.
Sloper and Frank II. Clough of Waupun,
'.Via., a native of Isle of Man. aged 70 years
jmd 7 months.
ETFuneral from St. Paul's Church to-mor-
row (Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, on the arrival
of the 12:45 o'clock narrow-gauge train from
San Francisco. No flowers.
SCHMITZ— In Tiburon, September 5, 1900, Lou-
isa Schmitz, beloved wife of Joseph Schmitz,
and mother of Mrs. Fred Fairchild and Joseph
and Arthur Schmitz. a native of New York,
aged 45 years and 7 months.
TALBOT— In this city, September 4, 1900, Mary
D., beloved wife of James C. Talbot, mother
of Nellie, John E.. Walter J. and Ida L.
Talbot, and sister of Mrs. David Cornfoot, a
native of Ireland, aged 53 years. (New York
papers please copy.)
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect^
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S o'clock, from her late resi-
dence.' 241<Hz Sacramento street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
VOHS— In this city. September 4, 1900. Richard
Vohs, dearly beloved husband of Theresa
Vohs, and cousin of Frank Fuernstal of
Berkeley, a native of Austria, aged 32 years
10 months and 14 days. (Philadelphia and
Boston papers please copy.)
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 47V4 Ritch street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In San Rafael, September 6, 1900.
Jessie M. Russeil, wife of Fred W. Russell, a
native of England, aged 43 years.
EjThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late- resi-
dence, *207 Lnrkin street, thence to St. Mary's
Catherlral. where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interme.nt Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In this city. September 5, 1900, Ike
Phillips, beloved father of Mrs. J. H. Suits,
and brother of Mitchell. Henry, Lionel. Moses.
Esther, Hannah and Rebecca Phillips and
Mrs. Loyea, a native of New York, aged 55
years B months and 23 day<*. (New York pa-
pers please copy.)
{E^rFuneral thia day (Friday), at 11 o'clock,
from the parlors of the Craig & Cochran
Company, 52-56 Mint avenue. Funeral private.
POW ERS— In this city, September 6/ 1900, Mary
Ann, beloved wife of Thomas Powers, and
mother of the late Catherine and David Pow-
ers, a native of the city of \Vaterford, Ire-
land, aged 32 years and 6 months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avemie,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, corner Fill-
more and Fell streets, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MONTGOMERY— In this city, September S. 1900.
Kmma C, beloved wife ofs-R. E. MorURnmery.
daughter of Charles and the late Catherine
Sherman of North San Juan, Cal., and sister
of Georee C Charles W. and William A.
Sherman of Sacramento, a native of Califor-
nia, aged 2'J years 10 months and 23 days.
CTIntermer.t at North San Juan to-morrov
(Saturday).
O'CONNOR— In this city, at St. Mary's Hospi-
tal, September 6, 1900, John P., husband of
Nora O'Connor, and father of Bessie O'Con-
nor, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
45 jears.
CZTRemainR at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor
& Co.. 767 Mission street.
O" NEIL— In this city, September 5, 1300, Fran-
ces, beloved mother of George D. O'Nell. and
Grandmother of Georee J. and Edwin J.
O'Nell. a native of Prince Edward Island.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are invited to
attend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at
10 o'cltck. from her late residence, San Pablo
avenue and Russ-ill street, thence to St. Co-
lumbia's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul.
MAYERS— In this city. September 6, 1900, Mary
Pauline Mayers, beloved wife of Walter H.
Mayer?, and sister of James Curley, a native
of irelanri. ased 30 years.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 242f> Mission street, between Twentieth
nnd Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
MATHEWS— In Berkeley, September 6, 1900,
Mrs. Mnry D.. widow of the late Peter
Mathews. a native of Droueheda. Ireland.
CT'Frier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Nes9 avenue, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 3:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MALY— In this city, September 5, 1900, Mary
Maly, beloved mother of Frank Maly, and sis-
ter of Mrs. Frank Almy, Mrs. John Koterba,
Mrs. Joseph Miller, Mrs. John Botz and John,
Joe and Frank Kusba, a native of Austria,
aged -IS years 1 month and IS days. (Los An-
geles End Sash Center, Minn., papers please
copy.) - .*¦ ¦
C7~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors ot
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Cremation Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MARLOW— In this city, September 4, 1900. An-
Eon Marlcw. beloved brother of Mrs. Mollle
Parsons and Mrs. Sarah Barclay of Riverside,
Cal., a native of Illinois, aged 40 years 3
months and 14 days.
(T?"Krlenils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 14 Elgin park. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
LLhWELLYN— In this city. September 5, 1900,
Caroline Llewellyn, a native of Scotland, aged
i'j years.
McCAFFREY— In San Luis Oblspo. September
1, 1M0, James McCaffrey, father of Hugh,
James. Thomas. Thaddeus and Patrick Mc-
Oaffrey, a native of County Monaghan, Ire-
laiid, aged S3 years 7 months and 25 days.
MALLEY— In Pan Rafael. September 5, 1900,
Margaret, dearly beloved daughter of Alice
and Thomas Malley. sister of John J.. Patrick
and C. J. Malley. Mrs. E. O'Dea and Mrs. J.
J. Hughes, and niece of -Mrs. John Bolger, a
native of County Kildare, Ireland. »
Green, beloved mother of Junita Green, and
niece of Mrs. Georgiana Landres, a native of
St. Andrews Parish, Kingston, Jamaica, West
Indies, ased 42 years.
HAMPSHIRE— In this city, September fi. 1900.
Ella, wife of George Hampshire, mother of
George T., Walter. William. Elmer, Irene,
Lester and Vcrnie Hampshire and Mrs. Wil-
liam Kerrigan, daughU-r of Mrs. J. E. Downer
of Browns Valley, and sister of E. M. and
John Downer of i'inole, Nathaniel Holmes of
San Francisco and Mrs. J. Nolo Miller of
Golden Gate. Oakland.
JIM GEE— In the City and County Hospital.
September 6, 1500, Jim Gee, a native of China,
a^ed 12 years.
KE.VNYrln this city, September 6, 1900, Hano-
rah Mary, beloved daughter of Patrick and
Ellen Kenny, and sister of Bartholomew,
Thomas and Catherine Kenny, a native of San
Francisco, aped S months and 12 days.
KINGSBURY— In this city. September 5. 19C0,
Kate, beloved daughter of Elizabeth and the
late Thomas P. Kingsbury, and sister of Elea-
nor King-sbury, a native of 'San Francisco,
aecd 34 years 6 months and 23 days.Ladlec' tailor-made suits, itilk skirts, fur
caoee; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 52$ Sutter. *
Using Uncovered Swill Carts.
Police Officers Shore, King and Arch ar
rested Matt Callan. Owen Flatley and
James Callan on Mission "road yesterday
ior using uncovered swill carts. The trio
were south-bound with full 'carts, Intend
ing to dump the contents in San Mateo
County.
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best in city.*
Obstructed the Street.
S. A. Born, a contractor, was arrested
yesterday afternoon on a charge of ob
structing the street. He was erecting a
stand at Market and Flfthctstreets. and It
was ascertained that he had not obtained
a permit from the Board of Works. Po
liceman Koegel ordered him to stop work,
but he refused. Koegel telephoned to
Captain Splllane and was instructed to
place him under arrest. The stand was
pulled down.
President McCarthy Is Presented
With Watch, Chain and Locket
by That Body.
P. F. McCarthy, president of the Build
ing Trades Council and leader of the mill
men's strike, leaves to-day for Scranton,
Pa., where he will attend the annual con
vention of the Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Joiners of America. The council held
a regular meeting last evening and showed
Its appreciation of Mr. McCarthy's work
by presenting "film with a handsome gold
watch and chain, with a diamond locket.
O. A. Tvietmos. secretary of the council,
made the presentation speech, and Mr.
McCarthy responded fittingly.
The council received the usual reports
from the agents who are looking after the
millmen's strike. The action of the mill
owners in refusing to figure on any new
work and declining to sell to any one em
ploying union labor was discussed at
length, and ilio following typewritten
statement was given out after the meet
ing: ¦«
The recent action of the mill-owners, whereby
they have decided not to figure on any new
work, nor to nell to any one employing union
labor, marks the beKlnnin£«of the end of many
of the smaller mills now In the combination
and does not in the slightest degree affect the
mlllmen.
The determination and tenacity with which
the large mill-owners are conducting their fight
BUILDING TRADES COUNCIL
ISSUES A STATEMENT
Marion Gets Six Months.
George Marlon, one of the two men who
were arrested on suspicion of killing Spe
cial Officer Nichols, was sent to the Coun
ty Jail for six months by Judge Fritz yes
terday. He was charged with burglary
for breaking into the store of Charles
Schnorf , 226 .Fourth street, and stealing $7
worth of candy, but the charge was re
duced to petty larceny. The charge
against James Cox, another suspect, was
dismissed.
Threatened With Death for Attacks
in His Paper Upon the An
archists.
Anarchists are after the scalps of the
editors of Italian newspapers for their at
tacks lrt connection with the assassination
of King Humbert. Following the hold-up
of O. Godl of L'ltalla in mistake for
Editor Patrlzl early "Wednesday morning,
G. Morgana of L'Imparzlale received a
postal card yesterday morning that sent
him on a run to police headquarters to lay
the matter before Captain Seymour.
The postal card had written on it in red
pencil the warning In Italian: "Having
spoken evil of us. you should meet the
same death as thy King." The card had
on one corner a cross and on another a
dagger. The address was written in blue
pencil. \
Morgana asked that his residence and
office be watched for would-be assassins
and the promise was given. Detective
Reynolds haa been detailed on the case.
EDITOR MORGANA GETS
A SOLEMN WARNING
Held for Grand Larceny.
j D. Delucca, a scavenger, was held to
answer bef»re the Superior Court by
Judgre Cabanlsa yesterday on a charge of
grand larceny in $1000 bonds. He was ac
cused of stealing a diamond stud belong
j ing to Benjamin White. SoO Howard street,
< on August 2.
Elopins couples from the East seem to
look upon this city as their Mecca. Last
week Frank Roepke and Mrs. Paul Sonn
tag, who ran away together from Chica
so in June last, were discovered here by
the woman's husband, and yesterday an
eloping couple from l'ittsburg were un
earthed here by the uncle of the woman
in the case.
About a year ago Michael Tomozello.
a barber, and Mrs. Dominica Taraneila,
the wife of a fruit dealer in Plttsburg.
disappeared. Both families were In good
circumstances and on friendly terms, but
no suspicion was entertained that the
two missing people had eloped, as Tomo
zello seemed to live happily with his wife
and 2-year-old child. It was not long
after their disappearance that the truth
dawned upon the deserted wife and hus
band and every effort was made to .trace
the eloping couple, but without success,
till a few days ago, when Stephen Danna,'
Mrs Taranella's uncle, learned that they
were living in this city as husband and
wife.
Danna came on to this city as soon as
possible and soon located the couple. To
mozello had a barber shop on Seventh
street and was considerably surprised
when confronted by the angry uncle of
his paramour. Danna hurried to the City
Hall and secured a warrant for Tomo
zello's arrest and It was at once served
upon him and he waa locked up In the
City Prison. Mrs. Tomozello was noti
fied by wire of her husband's arrest and
sent word that she would at once leave
for this city to assist In prosecuting him.
Taranella will not come here, as he wants
to have nothing further to do with his
wife, but he desires to get possession of
one of their children, whom his wife took
with her when she elcped.
The case of Frank Rcepke waa called
in Judge Conlan's court yesterday. Gen
eral Salomon appeared for Roepke and
said his client had made all the repara
tion In his power by turning over to Mrs.
Sonntag all the furniture in the home on
Capp street that they occupied and prom
ising to return with his Infant boy to his
wife in Chicago. He a-ked that the case
be dismissed. Assistant District Attor
ney Weller said there was apparently no
desire to prosecute the case and he had
no ebjection to a dismissal. It was
granted.
Michael Tomozello and Mrs. Domin
ica Taranella Run Away From '
Their Spouses — Roepke's
Case Is Dismissed.
The Man in the Case
Locked Up in the City
Prison.
ELOPING COUPLE
FROM PITTSBURG
LOCATED HERE
against justice and reason on the part of the
muimen will prove an expensive luxury to
hv£i ar t abIe to * tand the lo8s occasioned
l» Mlfnws but to the .mall mill-owner, who
U coirrelled to meet the current exoense of
, rent, nsurarce. taxes, help and subsistence.
, P S ct Ms machinery foreshadows dls>
| There will b# no eesaatton In the building ln
1 f"" try - f, s l her * WIU b(S -"ufflclent mills to flK
ur« on all the work necessary and turn the sam*
out on time, therefore the enforced Idleness of
the small mill-owner will result In his undo
~?,i f ' wh^ n the time comes for the lar*e
JhJ ™ fi Cce 1f. to th ' ""I"*"* tor eleht hours,
the small mill will have passed cut of recol
lection and severe competition win have for
ffotten the now proffered assistance In the sh«o«
of a ill vision of profits." Th« trumt system
Is too familiar to all at present to re<iuir» any
application to the difficulty, and it will un
doubtedly resolve Itself Into the attempted
concentration of all mi'.l business In the hands
of the few large mlll-owr.ers by the time th<»
plans of the latter will have become ripe for
the concession of eiKht hours.
TVith the mlllmen the situation is unehansod.
They are loyal to principle and arc* confident of
surcpss. b<H'aus» of the strnTShtforward anil
business-like manner In which they have con
ducted fhelr side of the difficulty. They have
the support of the press and pubMc and t)i<»
respect of the community in a battle bravely
and honorably waeed.
Sergeant McManus submitted his report
yesterday to Chief Sullivan of the work
of himself and squad in Chinatown from
the day he took charge till August 31.
forty-nine days. It shows that the squad
has done splendid work. The arrests
made wore as follows: Keeping a lottery.
3: aiding and abetting a lottery. OS; hav
ing lottery tickets in possession. f>8: keep
ing a fantan game, 5; visiting a fantan
game, 40; visiting opium dens, 11; misde
meanors. S; total. 231. Of these 220 were
convicted, two acquitted and nine were
pending. The total fines collected
amounted to $1612 1). Of those arrested
for aiding and abetting a lottery forty
two were whites.
"Work of Clunatown Squad.
Rus«=ell__I»wry, the young barytone,
who was accused by Miss Daisy Shivoley.
late of the Klondike, of stealing her dia
mond riBK in the Oberon. had his cane
dismissed by Judge Conlan yesterday
The Judge said the arrest was on out
rape, a* there wa.s not a particle of evi
dence to support the charge. He ordered
an attachment issued ag-ainst the com
plaining witness, who failed to appear in
court, and said he would punish her for
perjury in swearing to the complaint.
Lowry Honorably Acquitted.
much. I bare decided not to run this
barber shop, but will close it down as
s>oon as the winter racing season begins.
Then the boys will have a chance to set
back the coin that I won from them. But
please state that Joe Waiser, tne en
gineer of the Tiburon, was not in with
me on this little bet. I was assisted b>
iio or.e in my gramble."
Engineer Wapser admits that he knows
"Ikcy" very well and that he is in the
habit of petting shaved in his shop, but
declares there was no agreement at all in
regard to the trip and that he is not
allowed to race his boat. But just the
same the racehorse men would like tj
know how It is thax "Ikey" always calls
the winner when he has a bet down on
the result of the 4 o'clock trip.
The Tiburon Qmts Like a Dog; the
Barber Collars the Dough and
Sports Cry "Job."
"IKEY" HANDS A BUNCH
TO THE RACEHORSE MEN
THE raco*j<">rs#» men who Journey
over to Baisallto every clay have a
very wis«- appearance, read '"dojio"
till they are bln« in the face and
claim That no <-r.e can ha.nd It to them.
yet pome of them received a warm pack
age tfie eariy part of this week and all
in .-in Lnnoeent sic amor race between tho
SausiUIto and t!i«' Xlbatoa on the 4 o'clock
ir:;> to this side.
•'Ik< y" Bi-rrsiein. a modest little barber
w!:i •¦•roii.s"* the fa<ef« of the natives of
Ttboroa. delivt^red the poods. Just be
fore the Sausallto left the wharf The
other afternoon <»n the other side- -lke>"*
arrived from Tfbaron in a launch. He
boarded the f.eam>T and when she was
well out !n the bay became very enthu
siastic over the speed of the vessel. He
dr •<• the attention of some of the race
horse men who were on board to th-s
Tiburon. which was then half a mile In
the lead and running easy. He was sure
the Sausalito would pass the Tiburcn be
;\.r« they reached the city and that she
would «rfn by a city block. Yes, he would
bot a piece of money on It.
"KUly" Lyons, who owns a saloon on
Post Etreet. could not get his bank roil
out q^ick ontrugh. He bet. the barber %X>
to "Ikey's"' S^ that the Tiburon would
win. "JimrrJe" Buchanan, who also
•warded a tittle easy money, got on lor $13.
The sheetwrater in Joe Harvey's book sa.id
It was a shame to take "Ikey's" money,
but be would 'ike to be on for fifteen
cases. Bernstein got a good play and
never rubbed his odds. He took all the
money S:i fcig-ht, amounting in all to over
S100, "and then it waa ail over but the
fchouting.
The Tiburon quit like a yellow doj? and
the Sa.usajito passed her beyond Aicatraz
as if she was standing still. The race
horse mon now claim the engineer of the
Tiburon stood in with Bernstein and at a
>.,.-:.! from the l«irb«sr pulled up. .ajij'
way the shrewd little tonsorial artist got
the money and says that it was like nnd-
Jnp it. The engineer of the Saoisallto was
profuse in explanations yesterday at the
poor showing of the Tiburon. He says
that she possibly struck a swift tide ajid
that that was a severe handicap.
Bemstein. who, it is said, has won simi
lar wafers V-fore, was seen in his tonso
rial parlors at Tiburon and made the fol
lowir.jr statement:
••¦We!!, yos, I <i!d -arin a little money
from the racehorse men, but it w.-»_s not
SANDBAGGED AND
ROBBED IH THE
EARLY NIGHT
William J. Donovan Relieved
of Watch and Chain by
Thugs.
Secretary of Pacific Stock Exchange
Confined Several Days to His
Home After Being Assault-.
ed by Thieves,
The blows delivered by the thugs proved
to be of a serious nature. Donovan's face
and head were bruised and swollen, and
It was several days before he could again
assume his duties at the Stock Exchange.
He is a man nearly 50 years of age and
the experience told on his nervous system
Donovan has no clew as to who his as
sailants were. He cannot even furnish a
description of them. He did not pay
any particular .-mention to the men until
they were upnn him and he had been
struck. He is a man highly respected in
business circles and has been in the Stock
Exchange for many years.
Donovan was dazed for several moments
and could make no resistance. He felt the
daring thieves search his pockets and take
h!s watch and chain from his vest. As
quickly as they had come the bold pair
fled toward the commercial district and
were soon lost to sight. The broker re
covered himself after a short while and
made his way into a neighboring saloon
covered with biood. He was given everv
attention and told the details of the rob
bery. Shortly afterward he was taken to
his home.
According to the story told by Mr. Don
ovan shortly after the affair, he was walk-
Ing up Montgomery avenue to his home,
when he was attacked. He had reached a
small alley near Jackson street when two
men suddenly sprang out and one of them
raised a clubllke weapon, ¦which Donovan
thinks was a sandbag, and struck him
twice. One of the blows severely bruised
his face and the other landed on the back
of his head.
William J. Donovan, secretary of the
Pacific Stock F.xchange and residing at
C20 Greenwich street, was sandbagged and
robbed at the corner of Montgomery ave
nue and Jackson street last Friday evefli
Ing. The injuries the stockbroker re
ceived at the hands of the thugs caused
him to be confined to his home for several
days. Two severe blows were dealt him on
the head, after which his pockets were
rifled and a valuable watch and chain
stolen. The bold act was committed short
ly after 9 o'clock at night, under the full
glare of electric lights and while Kearny
street was thronged with people.
Mrs. Rose Gilvray. residing at 3'K)V> Turk
street with her two children, "drank
laudanum while despondent last night
with suicidal intent. She -was removed to
the Receiving Hospital and the attending
physician! soon pronounced her out of
dqngrr. Tfco woman's husband is in Nome
and it was because of continual branding
over his absence that led her to make the
rash attempt to end her life.
Tries to Commit Suicide.
or willingly ignored the financial possi
bilities of their enterprise. The surplus
earnings. will be considerable. Clauses in
the by-laws dispose of these, returning
them to the public under the form of spe
cial premiums to breeders and allowances
to summer racetracks throughout Califor
nia. One principle, that of retaining on
all races abov.£ $400 5 per cent of
the moneys going to the first horse and
crediting with the same the breeder of
said horse, is a feature not to be over
looked. It is a life interest in the horse
any man has bred if such a horse is to be
?l an 5' credit to his breeder— that Is, above
the selling platers' class.
Not an Innovation.
All this is not an innovation. It is a
composite of the best rules enforced by
the leading associations of the world,
adapted to the Immediate needs of Cali
fornia.
As to officials we will employ a good
many local men and we would emplov
exclusively local men if it were not es
sential for certain officials, such as a
judge, for instance, to keep in touch with
the racing world the year round, follow
ing closely owners, trainers, jockeys and
more especially horses, throughout their
Eastern campaigns as well as here. This
is the cause of Mr. PettinguTs appoint
ment. He is now in New York for the
Coney Island Jockey Club. The oljlclals
or the new track will be chosen among
men of good standing and entirely for
eign to the past racing difficulties. As
well you may remark the friends I have
induced to second my, efforts as directors
of the Jockey Club are gentlemen who
nave had nothing to do with racing unl'l
this date and who simply share my. views
and ambition to have racing in California
conducted as it is in England, in France,
or on the best of the Eastern tracks.
"Our programme will be out in a few
days, not only containing stakes, but four
races for every day of the coming season,
leaving only two races a day for over
night entries. This will demonstrate to
the Eastern men that if races have ever
been made to suit one man or one horso
this will be an impossibility In the future.
"Our stakes are all added money; every
cent put up or received on entries going
to the winners.
Will Become Classic Events.
The stakes will be the same every year
and will thus become classic events. The
moneys put up will increase with the nor
mal development of racing, but the con
ditions will remain the same, giving to
winter racing in California a reputaton of
steadiness and permanency, which in the
past, has been a subject of yearly contro
versies in the East, often keeping away a
great many hesitants.
"About Oakland? Well, if the Atchison
and the Southern Pacific can make a liv
ing in California I really do not see why
the California Jockey Club and our club
could not do the same. Most of the peo
ple interested in the new club are per
sonal, friends of Mr. Williams and nobody
will deny that he Is a good sportsman
and a keen lover of horses. Lack of har
mony in the past prevented either asso
ciation doing what should have been done
and 1 have no doubt that the California
Jockey Club will do a great many things
to-morrow which they would not have
even considered yesterday. When it will
be established that there is no cause for
conflict I am convinced that matters will
regulate themselves and the best of feei
ing will prevail.
"We do not wish to Impose our tactics
and our views of racing, but the only rea
son for my friends and myselr to give any
attention to racing is cur intense interest
in the breeding of thoroughbreds. This
is no experiment, but a simple, common
sense copy of what has been done in Eng
land ana France for the last fifty years.
Why should we not have interested in
racing in California as good people as in
England, in France and in New York?
In England racing is a national pastime,
and for a hundred years the leaders of
racing have been the leaders of the coun
try. In France the same. And in New
York I see the Coney Island Jockey Club,
with Mr. Vanderbilt as president and
August Belmont, James R. Keene, Wil
liam C. Whitney as directors. This Is
what has allowed me to convince my local
friends that what was good enough for
them should be good enough for any of
us. It is on the strength of such names
that I have obtained the support here of
men who have kept away from the turf
until now.
Racing and Breeding Go Together.
"You cannot separate racing from
breeding, and if racing did not improve in
California breeders of thoroughbreds
would gradually migrate East and in ten
years from now European countries would
not find in this market eight or ten thou
sand horses which they are Just now buy
ing to send to China.
"Size and quality amonpr common horses
are only kept up by the constant infusion
of new strains, and racing alone with its
abnormal profits can induce local breeders
to constantly import stallions and brood
mares at a cost which is every day in
creasing.
"These are our plans. They are not
prompted by any animosity or desire to
benefit ourselves. For this reason we
firmly believe we will meet with the ap
proval and respect of the class of people
whose opinion we value.
"As to the support we want in the East,
I think we already have It. Ther^ are no
shares to be offered or subscribed, as the
new association has all its finances in the
proper shape."
Prince Poniatowski Says New Jockey
Club Aims to Make State a Great
Breeding Center.
WILL MAKE CALIFORNIA
THE MECCA OF HORSEMEN
am there I will have an opportunity to
consult with prominent people interested
aa I am in racing, but I don't call racing
a business. It is a most interesting pas
time, to which I regret to say 1 cannot
give all the attention it deserves.
"The San Francisco Jockey Club is
formed under Influences which are bound
to make it both popular and useful. Rac
ing can be made popular to all classes as
it is generally in European countries, and
useful, inasmuch as it is the world over
the backbone of the breeding industry.
"Without insisting further upon the
personalities directly or indirectly respon
sible for this new departure. I will say
that its most Important feature. In my
eyes, is the superseding of the -breeding
contingent to the racing element proper.
A limitation of profit an the shares of
the new Jockey Club (5 per cent on its
issued capital stock) will demonstrate
that its founde^ have either overlooked
Pastime Not Business.
"I am going to New York on business
of an entirely different order, and while I
new racing deal recently con
summated, by which the Tanforan
]l and Ingleside tracks have passed into
new hands, has enabled Prince Andre
Por.latowski to interest a number of
prominent gentlemen In the project to
place California at the fore as a breeding
and racing center. So far have matters
progressed that a move will soon be in
augurated having for its object a revival
of the "sport of kings" in this State on a
plan which has made it a success in Eng
land, France and New York.
Among those whom Prince Poniatowski
has interested are men who have hereto
fore been unknown in racing circles, but
who are willing to affiliate for the one
purpose, to legitimatize for the Interest
of California a clean, healthy and gentle
manly sport.
The absence of the thought of profit is a
strong feature, and the eliminating of
gambling as a business has gained many
adherents to thp gigantic undertaking.
The new Jockey club has elected a board
of directors, with Prince Toniatowski as
president, Charles L. Fair vice president,
D. Lynch Pringle secretary and J. J.
Moore. Frank J. Carolan and Major J. I*
Rathbone directors.
The services of Judge Pettingill, who
presides at the Coney Island Jockey Club
track, have been engaged by the club, ana
for associate judge the organization has
secured Peter J. Shields, at present secre
tary of the State Agricultural Society.
Prince Poniatowski will leave for the
East to-night. In an interview last night
he said:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1900.
14
V
t |j A
V»#f Celebration is a
Outer fiEr^"^^ ii I ¦ Fitt ' ng One ' and
as Native Sons
iLJ' y <j'^J 1 / , S^ /A Glow in It,
I A J ''l^^^ftfM >— ¦? !t Comes at a
and Raphael's hi . lW»Q. Fitting Time,
BidYou l§ K^SM^f - Right at the
Native Sons, f.| & V jMM MM I|p/ Threshold of the
You Native. ]W 1 1^W<$S\ Opening of Our
Daughters, < g r nV_^^pf5|I| f T@\\ Fall and Winter
Your Mothers, Itfll l/lt§Bil l-^&NA Season, and We
Your Fathers, \ \W , J|pP HI '$jjj \\ Will Say That
Your Sisters, \ ,,J 1 JM&IBl f \\ Our Stock Is the
Your Cousins and I \ m 1 1| plM| f J£ Grandest and
Your Aunts to \| U fcHIMt Host Complete
Make Yourselves 1 1 I W^SlK) That It Has Ever
At Home With ' |f ilWrTlil^r Bee " Since It>s Bee "
Us. We Are Ifjjl ¦WIBi ! i ! 1 |1M1iI Our Good Fortune to
Keeping Open jBjl WH | jifiP^ Be in Business.
House. We Won't j-^d®^ XL J, h C s A '" ?/ lop
-r fi s.u 4- £&Em Wk v' We Want to Talk to
FalkShopto igfj m _ You-Just to tell You
you at aii, but j^1HMtml£-SSS^ <That We Are Ready
Our Big Force (^tW^^^^^^ ' jkgJ!S u With Our New Fall
Has Constituted cor.Keom«y3«. and Winter Fashions
" -ndH/mon/quareA^. and This Celebration
llSeJ1 a m Is a Joint One, as
Committee to it Ushers in the
Entertain You " Introduction of Our
And in Finite == 5martest Creations
t-b - i~ i t. a." ~~ »* or rail and Winter
i nas Celebration - c .. A1/
For Man, Woman
rieniorable. . .. , . • v - -, - - ,V_ And Child.
Sale's. | Hale's.^ *^*^~.
Cy - the first showing of the new
fall millinery fashions yesterday
will be continued to-day and
IV acterized by the style, the
S|£ each individual creation and the
**£* fairest kind of prices. some
.- <^ > rew models will be on view to-
day, come — you are just as wel-
come to study and admire .i?
3*ou are to purchase.
trimmed hats — the real swell sorts — trimmed hats — reprrviuetlnns of lat»
designed by the cleverest artists Paris models and original 'lestims
known to the millinery world— prices from our own workrooms— prices
range from * range from '
S/9.OO UP TO*35.CO; S9.CO UP TO S2S.OO.
ladies' walking hats. ladies' walking hats.
All the correct new shapes and chic, handsome, dashine— ftylish as
proper colors — rrices range from can be — prices range from
esc UP TO S3.OO. ' S2.3O UP TO SIO.OO.
N. S. G. W. decorations,
these low prices tell their own clever story —
N. S. G. W. flags — elsrht different American flag^— cottin— bonnd with
designs — decorated with appropriate canvas— ready for pole— fast cnlurs—
mottoes and designs — onOItp '' x^ f>et. each $173— CO SZf\
sticks— each XOt Sxl* feet, each POiOU
American ftags-cotton-fast colors each'T'te-^xs'^inThes^each Jtf\^
—mounted on spear-head QQr» T'lIC
sticks— each 15c. 2'jC andOUW "" * """ v ~
Japanese bear parasols— very ef-
Am-rlcan flags- made of all-wool Active for decorations— each |J^f»
bunting-— fast colors— all «l3»s from **J\*
3x6 feet, each at J2 50 O ] /* f\{\ buntings— plain or floured— /t <-,
up to 9x16 feet at «J>«t'»"v/ *;-vard wide— per yard T'C
American fiags— muslin— on sticks— buntings— plain or fleered—. ETi-»
all sizes from 2x3 Inches, at 2c a cne yard wide — per yard Ow
dozen up to 1Sx27H Inches, at. £*C\r~ I souvenir books of San OCC/—
per dozen OUW I Francisco— 15 views— each -OW
cloaks and suits.
the display received unstinted praise yesterday. the selections wer*
wisely made and the garments gathered hv the mnst direct and economical
process, the showing continues to-day and 13 enhancer! by the addition of.
several new arrivals.
new fall and winter jackets— everv new fall and winter suits— every
r»^r shar*. fabric and color— at ST. W. corrprt fa.-hion and popular fabric—
J6 .5. f. Z0, JW 00 and C?1 A "7 CZ at tlO CO. $17 5P, J22 50 C O CT f\f\
UP to tJ>l**«Cit> and up to t>00»UU
silk waist—all the fashions and bi'T.,' 1 }," ? r ?^T^ me , r U'^ J,°T- e
wanted colors-at "95. J3 50. $3 00 V?*? l *V "J '} ' \ ri"""ed-at $3 no. « j..
a . nd .. up .. t . o .v::::::::::: $15.00 •••¦¦•" . 5 ..:::::::: 61O.OO
separate sklrts-of coverts, ven#-
sllk petticoats— bright and attrar- tiars. serges, cheviots and broad-
tivo—rems of elesance— at $3 63, M so. cloths— all th» n»>w ,han*.*_ at *3 <W1
f!.!?."?.. u . p ":::::::: S23.OO :f*.°f.:!!r.::r.~± $43.00
sol- acTits^ 1&U§!ld$F 7$? <«> th5s store
ffi Tools"' M^ssooss^^^ SigL
ADVERTISEMENT^
CASH 0.. LITTLE AT A TIME.
Our plan of little at a time will buy
you a rjandsome Golden Ca<
SIDEBOARD.
IPRlCtS RANGE FROM I
g/2.5OrO g75. |
Send 6 cents In stamps for postago on new
furniture cataloc.
The J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017*1023 M SSION STREET,
ABOVH SIXTn.
Phen« South 1ft- Sma Francisco.
PAINLESS DENTlSTItYl
jg*i No Plates Required. jp*J
OUR REMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK 13
beautiful and durable. Warranted 10 years.
Our Jo plates fit llkt a glove.
Our method for painless extracting Is patented
and u*ed by no other dentist on the Paclflo
Coast.
PRICE LIST FOR 3O DAYS I
Painless Extraction nr.p
Removable Brldgeworlc *.1.tn>
Amalgam • BOo
Mrs. Dr. R. U Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren' • teeth— painlessly.
DR. Ft. L. \A/«LSH.
815?i GEART STREET, between Hyd« and
Larkln. Telephone Polk 1135.
DE,MCNULTY.
T'nra WErx.-KxowN and rf.liable old
Specialist ruren Blood Poison, (Jonorrheea.Oleet,
' s . t , rio . tur **. Senilual Weakness. Impotence and their
sIIkx!^Disnrciers. , Hook on Diseases of Me., free.
t>v<-r.T}yearVeip,->rieiire. Terms reasonable. Hours,
9to.-? ( lally;6:TOto3. WeVw. Sundays, in to 12. Consul-
tatlonfreeand sacredly confidential. Call or address
M , P * KO8COE JIfXULTY. 31. D.
gC^ Kearnyst, San Francisco, CaL
¦ ; ¦ .
APOLLO Lodge Na. 133. I. O. O. F. gtfffl&h^
-Second (M) Degree THIS (FRI- £55§£s2&
DA > > NIGHT, . S oclock. by 'SSHMWSP
AdoIIo Decree Teiun.
xe «• ».« HANDEL H. ZOBEU *i£i.
W. F. NORCRO^S. Rec. Sec **