porting, tried to force a compromise. They
were willing to . support James Ford, a
well-known Democrat of the Thirty-ninth
District, lately president of a Bryan and
Stevenson club running In • opposition, to
the ' McNab . club. Ford's club has gapne
Into the camp of the regulars, but sjTme
of the delegates objected to his nomina
tion,* and all of them stood pat for "Ward.
At last the Thirty-first District delegates
threw up the sponge and gave their sup
port to Ward.
i The caucus was held In the ladies' par
lor of the Odd Fellows' Hall and even the
robustness of C. J. Gallagher's oratory
could not, relieve It: of a sort of pink tea
daintiness. Oscar- Hocks, who- in the
course of the afternoon had blossomed
out.asy a. candidate, for tho nomination
only to have his name received with loud
guffaws by the Thirty-ninth District dele
gation, was ;' the . only delegate who was
not. present. ....
¦ C.'J. Gallagher announced that in the
interests of • harmony t J. F. Renault had
withdrawn from the contest. Renault fol
lowed with a i short speech : In . which he
Indicated that. the support of his delega
tion would go to Ward and declared that
they -would work as 'hard for his election
as they of . the Thirty-ninth District
would. Then Renault tried to get in
Webster Davis' class and referred to the
party standard-bearer as "Williams Jen
nings Bryan." „ i: ¦ »
The ; election. of . Ward was unanimous
OF THE - TEN- j CANDIDATES
FOR SUPERIOR JUDGESHIPS
NOMINATED BY THE LOCAL
CONVENTIONS THE FIVE
PICTURED ABOVE ARE EMI
NENTLY WORTHY OF EV
ERY MAN'S VOTE.
Continued on' Page Five.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 25.-The I
United States Government to
day took the first step toward
the redemption of its promise
made to the Russian Govern
ment August 2S last, by a cablegram In- '
structing General Chaffee to reduce the !
American' forces in Peking to the propor- j
tlor.s of a legation guard. Nearly a month j
ago the Russian Government was told, i
through M. de Wollant. its Charge d'Af- .
falres here, that if the Russian forces ami j
Ministry were withdrawn from Peking, i
"we shall give Instructions to the Amer- I
lean commander in China to withdraw our i
forces from Poking, after due conference |
with the other commanders as to the |
time and manner of withdrawal."
That time has now come and to-day s !
action marks the beginning of the dis
appearance of the American army from
China, for although some military force
is to remain lt will not be of the character
of an army, but under the conditions laid |
down in the order to General Chaffee and \
especially under its official designation as
a "legation guard" will be rather of the
nature of a civil guard.
This small force will not be included In
any military operations which may be
conducted by the allied armies, and so
will not fall subject to the direction of
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee, the
commander in chief.
Much thought has been given to the
proper number of troops to be allotted for
this purpose and lt is believed that the
1400 men selected will be quite sufficient
to protect the American legation against
any force that could be brought about.
It is noteworthy, too. that the most com
plete arrangements have been ordered for
the maintenance of. the men, while care
has been taken that there shall not be
a shortage of ammunition, as there was
In the British legation during the siege.
About a week will be required to bring
the 3500 soldiers away rrom Peking, but
as the start cannot be made immediately
it will- at least be the end of the. flm
week in October before the movement cau
be completed.
The text of the order to General Chaf
. fee is as follows:
To General Chaffee, Peking: Sep
tember 25, No. 41. — Pending nego
tiations for a settlement the Secre
tary of War directs that a legation,
guard of a regiment of infantry, four
troops of cavalry, -with rapid-fire
guns, and light battery with complet?
equipment and reserve supply of am
munition adequate for any emer
gency, be retained in Peking under
your command, and that you send
the remainder of your force in China
to Manila to report to MacArthur.
The guard should be amply provis
ioned, etc., until navigation opens
next spring. Retain such officers for
staff duty as you deem necessary.
All stores, transportation and mate
rials not required for the legation
guard send to Manila. Place yourself
in close relations with our Minister,
acting with him on the lines that
will best subserve our interests. It
is important that you have the confi
dence of the generals of the other
powers. General Wilson with his aids
will remain in Peking for the pres
ent. Special instructions may be sent
him. Cable MacArthur concerning
requirements to carry these instruc
tions into effect. Inform general com
manding forces of other powers of
our intention to withdraw part of our
forces. Show this to Conger.
It Is stated at the quartermaster's de
partment that there are enough trans
ports available to bring off the force
which will come out of China. Three or
four vessels will be at Taku by the time
the troops are ready to move. Besides
the transports for the men a number of
animal ships will take away the horses
and -mules which will not be needed In
China. General Chaffee Is authorized to
take from the ships now at Taku such
stores as will be /necessary to last him
through the winter.
There were no developments in the dip
lomatic situation to-day, and although
Baron Sternburg, the German Charge
d' Affaires, and Minister Wu called separ
ately at the State Department they
brought no communications which were
made public. The Instruction to Minister
Conger relative to establishing relations
with the Chinese envoys is still withheld,
presumably to allow the President to ad
minister some finishing touches. This in
struction Is regarded as of much Impor
tance and will make a part of the case of
the Government and be laid before Con
gress at the next session. It Is settled
that Minister Conger Is to be a member
of the commission to settle the. various
questions remaining to be adjusted.
The reported adhesion of the British
Government to the position assumed by
tHe United States Government regarding
the proposition to make the surrender of
the Chinese ringleaders a condition pre
cedent to negotiations has given the
greatest satisfaction in official circles
here. . •
The report that Prince Tuan has been
signally honored by the Chinese Govern
ment has not yet been officially, confirmed,
although - the authorities have heard, of
boat Holland, reached the torpedo sta
tion at* 12:45. Both had torpedoed tha
Kearserge. The Holland was not seen by
any of the ships.
NEWPORT/I*. L, Sept. 25.— The Board
of Arbitrament met at the War College
to-day and considered the reports of tha
umpires on last night's maneuvers at
Newport, and gave out this afternoon the
following conclusions:
"The torpedo boats failed In their at
tacks on the ships and war vessels ran
past the forts, though in a badly crippled
condition. The former conclusion la sot
positive, as the claim that tha Stiletto
torpedoed the Massachusetts Is yet to bo
night of the maneuvers off this port was
not as spectacular as the first night and,
in this respect, was not a success. Tho
blockading fleet, which left the harbor
early In the afternoon, included the Kear
sarge, Indiana. Texas, Scorpion and
Eagle. It proceeded several miles out to
sea, far beyond Brenton lightship, and drew
up the line of blockade, stretching from
Point Judith to the eastward, with long
distances between the boats. The plan
of the maneuvers for the night was an
attack of the torpedo boats upon the
blockading squadron and an attempt by
the inside fleet to run out.
The Leyden was the only boat to make
the attempt to run out, and she was held
up by the Scorpion and put out of action.
The blockaders evidently tried to avoid
the attack, fearing the submarine boat
Holland. They burned no lights, except
as a torpedo boat was supposed to be ap
proaching within attacking distance, when
a searchlight was flashed and. Immediate
ly turned off again. The torpedo boats
had to look for their prey, and spent
hours In the search.
The Texas was far down to the west
ward, and the torpedo boats gave little
attention to her, concentrating their at
tention on the other boats. The Scorpion,
which had found the Leyden In tho Lit
ter's attempt to run the blockade, was
herself the first to be torpedoed by the
little Gwynn, and was technically sunk
after being chased for about forty min
utes. The Gwynn also successfully tor
pedoed the Eagle. Then she joined the
Morris and Rodgers In an attack on the
Kearsarge. The Rodgers was caught by
the big battleship's searchlight and put
out of action, but the Morris and Gwynn
were up within torpedoing distance and
claim a point against the Kearsarge. The
Morris had an especially good mark.
The Dahlgren had to go miles out to
sea In search of the Indiana, but found
her finally, and claims to have put a tor
pedo Into that vessel.
The conditions were In many respects
favorable, as the sea was perfectly
smooth and the sky clear and bright,
making a heavy darkness on the water,
so that lt was difficult to see small boats.
The screws, however, made a disturbance
In the water, which could be plainly seen
at a distance. In the stillness of the night
the sound of the working engines could
be heard for miles. In spite of this the
torpedo fleet apparently covered itself
with glory.
The Porter, escorting tho submartna
Results of the Maneuvers Held by
American Men-of-War Off
Newport.
NEWPORT. R. I.. Sept. 25.— The second
TORPEDO-BOATS WIN
ATTACK ON WARSHIPS
¦*ttled."
Lt Hung Chang, the cahlesrom con
cludes, has arrived at Peking and Is ne
gotiating for the return there of the Em
peror.
PARIS, Sept. 25.— The Temps this even
ing publishes a dispatch from Shanghai
which says the missionaries In v Chili, are
threatened. European troops having been
sent against the Boxers, Prince Ching, It
is asserted, has protested that the Tamen
alone Is qualified to carry out their ex
termination, ordered by it.
The State Department has a!so received
several dispatches from Mr. Rockhlll rela
tive to his conferences with Minister Con
ger and his officials.
Chili Missions Threatened.
Mr. Goodnow and the other Consuls
have considered the advisability of pro
testing, but the protest has not yet been
made. The French Consul at Shanghai
reports, however, that he and Mr. Good
now have joined in a protest.
Consul General GooJnow has advised the
State Department that the Taotal fit
Shar.phal has been degraded and that this
is believed to be due *o the favorable al
titude of the official toward foreigners.
Chinese rumors that some such aetiin h.13
been taken. The matter was referred to
to-day In the talk betv/oen Aetir.s Secre
tary Hill and Minister Wu, and the latter
stated that he did not credit the report,
for the reason that the place of gram!
secretary, said to have been conferred
upon Tuan, la one of comparative u.i
importance, mainly a sinecure, and is
r.ot held by a Prince of the
blood, as Pirce Tuan is. In view of
this information the State Department Is
not disposed to attach s«-rloug importance
to the report, but if -t should prove true
that Prince Tuan ha.i b«en advanced to
the high station It will doubtless be
taken cogrizance of by the Svate Depart
ment may lead to serious conse
quences. The Government has laid down
the principle that no one In any way
connected with the outrages shall have
anything to do with the forthcoming r.e
gotiations, and this applies to Prince
Tuan as well as to any other notablea
connected with the disturbances.
America Takes the First Step Toward
Redeeming the Recent Promise
Made to Russia.
Orders Sent to Chaffee to Withdraw
Troops, Leaving a Strong Lega
tion Guard.
TO REDUCE THE
FORCE IN CHINA
Democrats Hake Changes and Addi-
Beveral changes and additions to the
Hat of Democratic candidates were reports
tions to Their List of Candidates.
The notion that .the success of the na
tional ticket will be imperiled by failure
of Republicans to commend unworthy
local nominations is an absurd fancy
when applied to the judicial ticket.
CONVENTION WORK COMPLETED
Moreover, the Republican party was not
represented In the B'nal B"rith Hall
convention. The party was deprived of
just representation by means of ballot
box stuffing at the primaries. The con
vention registered the will of Martin
Kelly. The balance of power which Boss
Kelly failed to corruptly achieve at the
primary election was bestowed upon him
by weak and vacillating politicians at
Santa Cruz, who surrendered honorable
principles for the glittering promises of
harmony.
and Thomas F. Graham. It is the de
liberate Judgment of this journal that
they are not fit for the Superior bench.
Five Judges — four for the long term and
one for the short term— must bo chosen.
The Call believes that honest government,
the interests of justice and the honor of
the Judiciary will be promoted by the elec
tion of Max SIoss, William R. Dainger
fleld, William P. Lawlor and J.,V. Coffey
for the long term and the election of
Frank H. Kerrigan for the short term.
ed and ratified at the adjourned session ol
the county convention last night. Louis
H. Ward received the nomination for Sen
ator from the Twenty-third District. The
name of Assemblyman William E. White
It is a topic of universal comment that
the' B'nai B'rith Hall Convention, con
trolled by Martin Kelly, placed on its
judicial ticket some candidates who are
not entitled to the support of Republicans
or Democrats. There Is no . obligation,
moral or political, demanding that voters
of Republican faith should lend their sup
port to D. J. Murphy. Davis Louder back
IN voting for Judges of the Superior
Court good citizens should not be
swayed by partisan consideration.
Men chosen to occupy high Judicial
places should be honest, capable and
fearless. A candidate whose reputation
for Integrity is under a cloud should not
be supported. A man whose attainments
in the law are below par should be re
jected on the ground of Incapacity. A
man placed on the ticket openly and no
toriously to do the work of a corrupt
boss or corporation should be spurned on
general principles of justice and decency.
When conventions are forced to compre
hend that the people will not stand for
the nomination of weak and corrupt men
the unworthy aspirants will look for em
ployment elsewhere than on the bench of
the Superior Court.
Eagan for Senator fr»m the Twenty-first
I'istrict. and that of Eustace Cullinan for
J.) J. McGnlre as candidate for the As
sembly from the Forty-third District.
Hull McClaughry was nominated for
member of the State Board of Equaliza
tion.
The convention was most orderly and
business-like, as on the preceding evening.
Proxies were allowed and comparatively
few delegates were present. The line of
policemen along the rope stretched to
keep Intruders away from the seats of
the delegates were absent last night, but
the convention was not disturbed by an
Influx of outsiders to mar its selectness.
Chairman Bartlett waited to call the
convention to order until the Thirty-llrst
and Thirty-ninth Assembly districts had
broken their deadlock and agreed upon a
candidate for Senator, which was not
until after 9 o'clock. The delegations were
not called into caucus till an hour after
,time for the convention to meet, and their
contest before the caucus and love feast
in the caucus were the features of the
second night of the convention.
During the day J. , F. Renault, the can
didate of the Thirty-first District for the
nomination, withdrew. The delegates
from that district, cherishing some bitter
ness of feeling toward "Ward, whom the
Thirty-ninth District delegates were sup-
BOW-OW-OW-WOW! TO THE DOWAGER BOSS-ELECT!
was substituted for that of William J.
LONDON. Sept. 25.-A news agency dis
patch from Hongkong says that 20,000
"Triads" have congregated In the neigh
borhood of, Chungchuln and threaten to
make an attack on Canton.
ported Near Chungchuin.
Twenty Thousand "Triads" Are Re-
THBEATEN TO ATTACK CANTON.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
HONGKONG, Sect. 23.-A mob de
stroyed the Catholic church at Tokau
hnng, a few miles from Canton, and after
ward destroyed the American Baptist
Mission graveyard. Rowdies destroyed
the American Presbyterian Cnurch Just
outside Canton yesterday.
Damage Near Canton.
Crowds of Chinese Rowdies Do Much
MOBS ATTACK CHURCHES.
The Russians are Inaugurating a Red
Cross hospital, under the patronage of
the Czarina. The Institution will be
opened to soldiers of all nationalities.
Thirty British who were wounded in the
Tunchoo explosion have died.
William W. Rockhlll. special Commis
sioner of the United States to China, will
probably not await the arrival of Earl Li.
He is busy conferring with the Ministers
and Investigating the situation.
"Our first task is to examine and pass
upon the credentials of LI Hung Chang.
Beyond that we have no policy or plan of
action."
PEKING. Sept. 20 (via Taku, Sept- 24).-
The diplomatic and military authorities
here are anxiously awaiting the arrival ol
Li Hung Chang. There is a general de
sire for the establishment of some sem
blance of Chinese authority, which, when
done. It is believed, will tend to a clear
ing of the situation. The military is
deemed unable to secure a return of peace
to the co.ntry.
The auliority of Li Hung Chang to
treat for peace is still doubted. Referring
to this matter United States Minister
Conger said:
Clearing Situation.
His Arrival at Peking May Aid in
WAITING FOB LI HUNG CHANG.
Lord Salisbury refused to pass on Prince
Ching's request for credentials as pleni
potentiary, referring the whole matter to
the British Minister at Peking, Sir Claude
Macdonald. The decision has been com
municated to the Chinese Minister here.
Sir Chih Chen Lo-Feng-Luh, who will
cable it to China.
LONDON, Sept 25.-Lord Salisbury
has replied to the German note In terms
identical with those of the United States.
The British Premier's decision to refuse
to agree to the terms of the German note
was communicated verbally to the Ger
man Embassador there, Count von Hatz
feldt-Wildenburg, during the course of a
loner Interview this afternoon. His Lord
ship's decision is not known here and the
exclusive Information of the Associated
Press probably will not be officially given
cut in England until the reply Is put on
paper and transmitted to Berlin, which
may be to-morrow or later. Only a "few
officials are cognizant of what Lord
Salisbury said to Count von Hatzfeldt-
Wildenburg in regard to the latest devel
opment in the Chinese situation. Official
circles here were inclined to believe that
his LordsSIp would agree with Germany.
But instead of doing so, he used almost
exactly the terms In which Washington's
refusal was couched, and this, said a high
official, is "all the more surprising, con
sidering that the Washington official had
not the slightest inkling of what Eng
land's attitude would be." What will be
the result of this difference of view be
tween the United States and Great Bri
tain, on the one hand, and Germany, Aus
tria, France and Italy, on the other? No
official was found who was willing to risk
rn opinion, but all agreed in believing
that it did not entail a breaking off of the
negotiations.
Germany's Note.
LONDON*, Sept. 26. 3:50 a. m.— Only
through the Associated Press advices
from New York published In this morn
ing's papers does the British public learn
that the United States and Great Britain
are once again ranged together in opposi
tion to the Continental powers. Appar
ently such a grouping was entirely unex
pected in both Berlin and London, and
until an official statement is made, com
ment will be withheld.
The Daily Chronicle, however, devotes
a brief editorial paragraph to the an
nouncement, expressing a hope that It la
erroneous and declaring "that the only
way in which England can reap the fruit
of her exertions In China Is by standing
shoulder to shoulder with Germany and
Japan, as the only effective counterpoise
to Rupso-French machinations and the
weak-kneed policy of America."
Iiord Salisbury Refuses to A^ree to
FOLLOWS AMERICA'S LEAD.
BERLIN. Sept. 25.— Alarming nrws rrom
China has reached the Gorman Govern
ment, but It will not be published now, as
Germany intends to use It during the con
ferences In Peking.' Von Waldersee has
cabled Emperor William to-day that he
has found the general situation much
more dangerous than he had expected, as
It has grown worse during the last fort
night and the Consuls in Central and
Southern China are expecting a general
uprising. Advices from Dr. Mumm von
pwartzenstein, the German Minister in
China, are In a similar tenor. Rear Ad
miral von Bendemann has repeatedly
cabled that the situation along' the
Yangtse Kiang Is very critical and also
expressing fear concerning the safety of
Kalsochou.
The German Foreign Offlce has received
official Information of the appointment of
Prince Tuan as Grand Secretary. In re
ply to an inquiry as to whether this in
dicated a serious turn of affairs a high
official of the Foreign Office said:
"Undoubtedly It does for those powers
that want to begin pe.ace negotiations.
The appointment moans that Tuan is now
at the helm and shows to what lengths
the Chinese Government will go In defy
ing the powers."
The official added that Germany feels
absolutely no bitterness over the answer
of the United States, although she regards
It as embodying a mistaken policy toward
China. There has been no further ex
change of views on the subject between
Berlin and Washington since the recep
tion of the American reply.
Mumm von Schwarzensteln will go to
Tientsin to-morrow. The report Is con
firmed here that Germany has assured
Lord Salisbury that she Is not opposed to
the Empress retaining power, provided
ehe retains It under the control of the
powers, thereby preserving the harmony
of the powers*.
Private Russian advices say that official
news has been received at St. Petersburg
confirming the report that neither the
Emperor nor Empress will return to Pe
king until the foreign troops have left
Chinese territory.
A special to the Lokal Anzeiger from
Peking says that the Emperor and Em
press Hive separated and that the former
Is now located In Tatung. Other dis
patches say the Germans took the Lutal
forts without serious resistance..
HAS CAPTURED CHULANCHEN
Russian General Puts Five Thousand
Chinese to Flight.
BT. PETERSBURG. Sept. 25.— The War
Office announces that General Sacharoft,
the chief of the Russian general staff,
captured Chulanchen. near the Sungarl
River. September 12. putting to flight 000G
Chinese. It is added that the Russians
sustained no casualties.
ALL AOBEE BUT TTNCLE SAM.
Such Assertion Made by an Inspired
Statement at Berlin.
BERLIN. Sept. 23.— The Cologne Gazette
publishes a statement, evidently inspired,
to the effect that, with the exception of
Great Britain, all the powers have re
plied to the German note, and that all,
with the exception of the United States,
WTee to Germany's proposal In essentials.
.The appointment of Prince Tuan as the
head of the Chinese Government may be
regarded,"'' *»>-• the Cologne Gazette, "as
the flret fruit* of Amcrica'a policy."
"Tho American noto boa evidently re-
General Uprising in Central and
Southern China Feared.
EENTJS ALABMING NXWS.
LOTCDON'. Sept. 15, 2:50 a. m.— The
news from China Indicates that
event* are rapidly drifting In the
direction of war between Crina
end Germany.
"There Is the best reason for believing,"
eay» the Shanghai correspondent of the
llOTEisar Poet, "that Count von Walder
e«e on arriving at Taku will present an
Pit! ma turn demanding: the surrender of
five leader* of the ami-foreign uprising.
After a few hours* grace he will formally
declare war, ard taking advantage of
Germany's position as a belligerent he
will proceed to seize everything: available
with the German forces and fleet.
"It Is expected that Germany will
take the Wusung forts and the Kian
gan arsenal, thus dominating Shang
hai. It is also believed that she will
attack the Kiang-win forts on the
iTangtse from the land side and en
deavor to seize tlie Chinese fleet, in
cluding the valuable new cruisers.
Palling this, she will at least occupy
all the provinces of Kiangsu north of
the Yangtse.
"The French will support Germany. This
is not a rumor, but reliable Information,
and will probably be confirmed at the
Foreign Offlce. Prompt action is neces
sary to prevent a co'jp which will coastl
t'Jte a serious menace to British interests.
"Russia has handed over the Taku-Pe
k'.ng Railway to Germany."
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Standard, telegraphing Monday, says:
"Chinese officials report that Prince
Tuan has issued a secret edict in the
r.ame of the Empress Dowager to the ef
fect that the imperial court has decided
to continue the war apainst the powers at j
whatever cost. The edict threatens that
£r.y official falling to support the Manchus
will be beheaded as a traitor, hi? whole j
family executed and the tombs of his an- j
eestors demolished."
vived the courage of the Chinese and their
cherished speculations regarding discord
among the powers. The act of the Em
press Dowager In appointing: Prince Tuan
Is a elap In the face for the whole world;
but China will deceive herself In this
matter as she has done in others. Even
assuming that active work against China
should be left to only a part of the pow
ers, that part will be strong enough to
impose Its will on China."
After a Few Hours' Grace the Kaiser's
Representative Will Formally
Declare Hostilities.
Upon Arrival at Taku Von Waldersee
Will Demand Surrender of Anti-
Foreign Leaders.
GERMANY'S AIM
IS TO WAGE WAR
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 118.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
Men Nominated for Superior Judge Whose Records at Bar
and on Bench Single Them Out as Most De
serving the Public Confidence.
FIVE CANDIDATES WORTHY
OF SUPPORT AT THE POLLS
The San Francisco Call.Addresses the Adjutant General but
Does Not State When He Will
Return to Washington. .
WASHINGTON. Sept. 25.— Adjutant
General Corbln has received a personal
letter from Secretary Root, saying that
his condition is improving, but giving no
indication of a purpose to return to Wash
ington ln the Immediate future. Secretary
Root Is at his summer home at Southamp
ton, L. I., and is convalescing from a se
vere operation for the removal of a car
buncle in his breast.
ROOT WRITES THAT HIS
CONDITION IS IMPROVING
as an attempt to rob the Denver and Rio
Grande passenger train No.. 16 was frus
trated early to-day by the courage of
Brakeman Ross Miller. When the train
stopped at the point where the Rio Grande
crosses the Santa Fe road, near Florence,
Miller was ordered by a man •who had a
revolver leveled at him to hold up his
hands. Instead of complying Miller struck
the fellow on the head with his lantern
The would-be shot at the brake
man Just as he Jumped back into the car.
Miller then procured a revolver and flred
several shots at the desperado as he dis
appeared in the high weeds which lined
the track.
When Ordered to ¦ Throw Up His
Sands He Hakes Good Use
of a Lantern. *',
DENVER, Sept. 25.— What is regarded
BRAVE BRAXEMAN
PREVENTS A ROBBERY
Slops the Cougfi
And wo;ki t>rr the cola. I*sxai;ve Brosjo-Qnl-
BlM Tallrts car* a cold la one flay. No cure
c» cay. Vrlct Ci cects. • . •
After Being Out Three Hours Pail to
Reach, a Verdict and Are
Locked Up Again.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Sept. 23.-The Jury
in the Howard case reported at 513
o'clock this afternoon that the Jurors had
been unable to reach a verdict. The jury
took the case at 2:30 o'clock and nearly
three hours were spent in the Jury-room
In an effort to reach an agreement.
A hung Jury has been generally pre
dicted. Judge Cantrill did not discharge
the Jury and it will report aealn at 9
o clock to-morrow. It Is generally be
lieved the Jury Is hopelessly hung and
that a verdict will not be found, as it is
supposed the jurors are divided on the
question as to Howard's guilt or inno
cence, and not as to the degree of o»"
ishment.
JURY UNABLE TO AGREE
IN THE HOWARD CASE
CHICAGO, Sept. 25.— Executives of the
Western railroads were in session to-day
in regard to the advisability *of forming
a pool on the military business to and
from San Francisco. After much discus
plon a committee representing the* Santa
Fe, Southern Pacific, Union Pacific and
Rio Grande roads was appointed and re
quested to submit a report concerning tho
formation of a pool on military business
and organization of a transcontinental
combination on passenger business.
The committee presented a report later
in the day. The provisions of the report
favored the formation of two pools, one
by lines east of Denver and EH Paso and
the other of lines west of those gateways
In this proviso the settlement of their
differences is left to the Santa Fe ond the
Southern Pacific without involving other
lines ln the dispute.
The. former company demanded a larger
percentage of business than the roads east
of the points named cared to consider. It
is believed, however, that an agreement
on this point will be reached to-morrow
and that the transcontinental pool ar
rangement will become an accomplished
fact.
Representatives of Four Transconti
nental Lines Discuss
v Plans.
RAXIiROADS MAY FOOL
ON TRANSPORTING SOLDIERS
Thirty Politicians of Venezuela Im
prisoned by the President
PORT OK SPAIN. TRINIDAD. Sept. 25.
— Considerable excitement has been caus
ed among Venezuelan refugees here bv
the receipt of intrllipesce that President
Caftro haa caused the arrest of tbirtv
volltlcisns in Ouiria. Venezuela, who are
suppnsrd to have b«?n plotting opposition
to the Government.
The loader of the accused men, ' Senor
Ducharme. < scaped and has arrived here
ABRESTED FOE PLOTTING
AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT
Points ia Col-: -^
orado. ¦
DENVER. Sept. 23.— DiFpatchcs from
various points in the Rocky Mountains
show that there has Ix^n a heavy snow
lall. ... -
At Red Mountain, near Ouray, the snow
is report* A three ff-et deep.
At L^adville' there ts about two inches
of Know on the. levH. The snow was ac-
bjr a hijrb wind which made
tb# weather decidedly dlsagrf eable.
A rold rain is failing to-night east nf
the mountains*.
A Fjwcial to th^ NVw? from TWluridp.
Colo.. «ay» that It has b^n snowing In
that section for two days incessantly. On
xbo mountains the ftipw is from two and
« half to four feet deep. The trails to the
mlnf* are becoming blocked. As vet rail
road traffic has not bt-en affected.*
HEAVY SNOWFALL IN
THE BOCKY MOUNTAINS
Severe Storms Occur at Various
r«v-»Mvo<l n ropoj t frnrr. Assistant Surgeon
R. H. Earl<\ at Port Nox* 1 ., Alaska. ?.n
noumlpjr that the rnideniio»of smallpox
ihrr* Las hen *lamx*4 out. the Last pa
tient having, been discbarcsd from the d*>
tf>ntion hnspitai on Au«n«n *L Thfre ¦was
a total of twenty-four case? and one death
during the epidemic.
OccaKior.-il case? of Fmollpox aro found
amor»jr the n»>:?:htv>rir!g Indian villages,
cad t>r. Earlf reports having vaccinated a
wliolt village. »vhere the source of infec
tion among the Indians could not be satis
factorily determined. The vaccine proved
fiff motive, but tho doctor reported that he
ha*? Ffrurrd a iresh supply of 500 points
nn<1 :r.trnr!ed to vaccinate the entire pop
ulation r.rain.
Great destitution ar.d much sickness,
principally measles, is :eportcd among the
natives all alor.g the coast ln the vicinity
of Port Nome.
SMALLPOX IS STAMPED
OUT AT CAPE NOME
Encouraging Report on Health Con
ditions Has Been Re
ceived.
WASHINGTON". Bert 15.-The Furpeon
C^noral of the marine hospital service has
Taking up the matter of trusts, he said
that in common with every individual and
with every institution in the last four
years trusts had. flourished. When pros
perity came every section and every class
The Governor then went on to show, 33
he has frequently done before, that with
the present standing army there is only
eighty-six one hundredths of a soldier for
every 1000 of population. He also said
that Colorado, as part of the. Louisiana
territory, was acquired' in exactly the
same manner as the Philippines, by treaty
and purchase.
At Denver Coliseum Hall, the largest
auditorium in the city, was crowded to tho
doors when Chairman Uzzell called the
night's meeting to order and* Introduced
Governor Roosevelt. "Parson" Uzzell, by
invitation, preached to the Rough Riders
at their first annual . reunion at Las
Vegas, N. M.
During his address Governor Roosevelt
declared that there was no more excuse
for the breaking of a promise made upon
the stump than the breaking of one made
in private life. It was Just as bad. he said,
for the people to demand promises impos
sible of fulfillment as for the candidate to
make them. ,aX^i&«Sa#5
I have Just come down from Idaho with Sen
ator Shoup, who served In your Colorado cav
alry during the civil war. Now I am traveling
with General Hale, whom you sent out at the
head of your sons and brothers to the far dis
tant Islands of the Kastern seas to raise the
flag 1 , which shall not be hauled down.' Senator
Wolcott has- spoken of Imperialism. If there
ever existed two phantoms that are put 'for
ward to frighten political children they are
imperialism and militarism.
At Greeley Governor Roosevelt was es
corted to a stand in Lincoln Park, where
he was again -introduced by Senator Wol
cott, and said ln part:
Fundarnerually the issues, in this campaign
are but two. the Issue of preserving the condi
tions under which this oatlon has prospered
and gone on to such a pitch of material well
being at home and the issue of keeping un
dimmed the honor of the fla« abroad. Th- man
ln private life who has to choose between
wealth and honor has a hard choice. If he Is
worth anything he will choose honor, but If he
has both honor and' wealth on the same side he
is a fool when he goes against It.
FORT COLLINS. Colo.. Sept. 25.— When
the Roosevelt special arrived at Eaton
this morning it was met by the citizens
and the school children, marshaled by
.their . teachers, all with small American
flags in their hands and smiles on their
faces. The Governor was introduced by
Senator Wolcott as a New* York man with
Western sympathies and Western ideas
and Ideals. Governor Roosevelt said:- j
Vice Presidential Candidate Tells
What the Republican Party
Has Done for the Work
ingman.
Marshaled by Their Teach
ers, They Wave Flags
for Roosevelt.
CHILDREN OF
THE SCHOOLS
GREET GOVERNOR
SENATOR CAFFERY DECLINES.
Official Letter Refusing Presidential
.Nomination by Third Party I s
Made Public.
NEW. YORK. Sept. 25.-Robert N
TVIndexnan. chairman of the campaign
committee, and Everett A. Abbott secre"
tar>' of the National (third ticket) party
?I e t O r^ the ° mcial declination by
S?io ??? e T. ° f the Presl <lentlal nomi
nation of the National party
In substance the reasons Senator Caf
fery gives for declining are that he Is un
ment founded on the consent of the em-
The trust is a new evil, he declared, and
?oot m it S out ° Ur Way tO flad how **»* "o
Tho Governor then spoke of the action
of the two parties in New York State in
relation to trusts, holding that while the
Democrats had denounced trusts In a
t^°^ mann f r they had done nothing
torfd the people of them, while the Re"
publicans had In the past two yean out
upon the statute books a franchise tax
Ih? ta? C roI& a of ad tS?S 1 tat? 3r $200>OW<00 ° tO
3&Si£&fc! Y ?5 k State De *n°"atic Con
tention, he said, recently adopted a plat
form declaring against expansion and In
favor of labor, and then nominated a man
who is an ardent expansionist and a fife"
long opponent of trades unionism
Speaking of the laws in the Interest of
labor, the Governor said that maniifar
turers In Massachusetts T and N?w York
had removed their factories to South
Carolina because the laws in the State"
first named were so much in favor of the
workmen while in the latter State thev
cou d work their employes as manv hours
as they desired and need take less steps
for their protection. -ieps
Th i!? S i at ? s ere labor Is best protart
i?w he T> decl ?J, ed - are those wnlc h iiVuanv
elect Republican executives and Legis-
After referring briefly to the exnan<sjr.r.
He then drove to the Broadwav Theater
a ds t oTH r a il. SPOke tO a third »£tl£Vt
Good weather for crops." he said "is
also good weather for weeds. While I
am willing to do all I can to destroy the
?s s ,:d a o ra .^ treadMopiowu P the
had felt it. Undoubtedly, be said manv
lin\fn e^!L comblnaUon3 of ca^ 1 ha^
Ferguson Is on the main line of the Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad
and about forty miles east of Madrid, ln
Malshall County, fifteen miles southeast
of Marshalltown. It Is a comparatively
new town, with a population of between
400 and 500 people.
A severe waterspout and wind and rain
are reported from the vicinity of Redfleld
and Madrid, where the tracks are washed
out in many places. Towns along the
Great "Western road also report a hard
wind and rain this side of Marshalltown.
Injured— William Roberston, Milwaukee
agent; James Mullen, Western Union
telegraph operator; John Loveday, hotel
proprietor.
DES MOINES. Iowa, Sept 25.— Four
persons were killed and several others
Beverly Injured in a waterspout and tor
nado at Ferguson this evening. The rail
way station was badly wrecked, several
cars were blown from the tracks and
more or less damaged and many houses
were destroyed. Wire connection with
Ferguson Is interrupted and it ia impos
sible to learn the names of all those
killed and injured. A partial list follows:
Killed — Child of JOHN LOVEDAY,
hotel proprietor.
Storm in Town of Fer
guson, Iowa.
FOUR PERSONS KITJLED
BY A WATERSPOUT
Much Damage Done by a Terrible
About two months after his settlement
in Carlinville he was nominated as the
Democratic candidate for County Clerk,
but was defeated. In 1S40 he supported
John McCauley Palmer was born at
Eagle Creek, Scott County. Kentucky,
September 13, 1S17. His father was a
soldier in the war of 1S12, and subsequent
ly removed to Christian County, Ky.,
where John received a common school ed
ucation, making that place his home un
til 1S31, when his father, who was a de
cided anti-slavery man, removed with his
family to Illinois and settled about two
miles from Alton. In 1S34 John entered
Alton College, organized on the manual
labor system, but his funds failing, he
withdrew and entered a cooper shop.
Subsequently he became a peddler, and
in 1S3S accepted a position as. teacher in
a district school near Canton. The same
year he began the study of law. and in
1S39 removed to Carlinville, where In De
cember of that year he was admitted to
the bar.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.', Sept. 25.— General
John M., Palmer, ex-United States Sena
tor from Illinois, died at his residence in
this city' at 8 a. m. from heart failure.
General Palmer was an honorary pall
bearer at General McClernand's funeral
last Saturday. Last night he was on the
street viewing the State Fair Illumina
tions until a late hour, apparently in good
health. He had complained 'yesterday,
however, of a pain in his chest. He slept
uneasily last night. About 3 o'clock this
morning Mrs. Palmer called a physician,
who did not think the general's condi
tion alarming. The general awoke about
7 o'clock, still complaining. He talked to
his wife for a short time, then fell into
a doze and expired soon after.
In 1W he was an elector on the Lincoln
ticket.^and in April. 1861. was elected col
onel of the Fourteenth Illinois Regiment.
In October of the same year he was brev
eted brigadier general of volunteers. In
August. ]<*2. he organized th* One Hun
dred and Twenty-second Illinois Regiment
a ? *i! n pt r r V^ e f was P' aced in command
of the First Division of the Army of the
Mississippi and ordered to join Buell
For gallantry and skill at Stone River he
was made major general of volunteers,
and in 1S&> he was assigned to the mili
tary administration of Kentucky, where
ifS a i !me . n * was ln charge of the
K .L ee /l rn ? n * Bureau." From IS6S to 1873
he neld the Governorship of Illinois, hav
ing been elected to that position bv tho
Republicans. Since 1S72 he had been a
member of the Democratic party, havine
left the Republican party because Gen?
eral Sheridan used Federal troops to
guard Chicago at the time of the great
fire without consulting the Governor
He received the indorsement of the
££?"i crat j c State invention in June
1890, for Senator, every Democratic Sen
ator and Representative being Instructed
to vote for him. He was the leader of
his party in Illinois. Four years ago he
?o a r S Pre e sldent tC ° f the G ° ld Dem °" a t3
Van Buren for President and in 1843 was
elected Probate Justice. In 1^7 he was
elected to the State Constitutional Con
vention. From 1S« to 1851 he was County
JudRe. and from 1S52 to 1S54 State Senator
In the latter year he opposed the Ne
braska bill, and not tiein? able to follow
hl3 party on the slavery question resigned
his seat in the Senate. In l«o« he was
President of the first Illinois Republican
State Convention and the same year a
delegate to the National Convention.
His political views subsequently havlne
apain undergone a change, he resigned
his seat to engage actively in the Fremont
campaign.
THE LATE GENERAL. JOHN M. PALMER. EX-UNITED STATES SENA
TOR FROM ILLINOIS. WHO DIED SUDDENLY FROM HEART DIS
EASE YESTERDAY MORNING AT HIS RESIDENCE IN SPRING
FIELD.
f-rcd to our keeplnp. not by our design, but by
occurrrnco twyond cur control,
i If the opposition say tl'at this programme,
I written not in the statutes of man, but in [
the nature of things, will smother our insltu- ,
tions with R myriad or soldiers. I answer thai :
th>- world tn-day demonstrates that It will re- i
suit in the reverse. If they point to Germany :
nnd other nations with vast military estab
lishments to prove that colonization and ad
minlstr&tloa over lands hold a? possessions an:i
<l"tx>ndeni'les remits in the supremacy of tht- i
Foldiery over th" common people. 1 answer i
that the examples do not sustain but destroy '
the proposition. Consider Germany. Her stand- i
inj? army in times of peare is &62.C00 men. VKfc?. !
rdnnlzation cause or require them? No: t>e- |
calls* she maintained that mighty multitude
liofore the present Emperor his counselors
developed Germany's progressive colonial and
administrative policy. N'o asain. because of
Germany's standing army of 5fi2.<K>0 men, less
than 4000 are In her possessions, the remainder
of her mighty host helng stationed within the
empire itself. No again; because Austria, with
no colonies at all. has a standing army in
times of peace of over 3<il.C~<0 men. none, of
whom are employed in the care of possessions.
Xo acini: because France, a republic, has
a standing army in times of peace of 616.000
men. of which lesn «han 10,000 are employed in
her rolonies and possessions, except Algeria
and Tunl-s which are considered an immediate
part of France.
If the opposition pay that our constitution
forbids the American people to hold and pov
ern possessions as their situation may require
I demand that they shovr me the denial of that
I-ower in the constitution. We are a nation.
We can acquire territory. If we can acquire
territory, we can govern it. If we can gov
ern it. we can govern It as Its situation may
demand. If this Is not true, wo cannot Require I
any territory except such as may be governed
a* a part of the nation, with Its Inhabitants
as our fellow-citizens of the republic. But this
would forever prevent the - American people
from acquiring places of power and commer
cial advantage at the world's strategic points.
Po important a limitation upon our power,
otherwise inherent in us as a nation, must be
expressed in undoubted terms in our constitu
tion. I defy the opposition to the Government
to find such a prohibition in that great instru
ment.
The constitution says:
"The Congress shall have power to dispose
ef and make all needful rules and regulations
respecting territory or other property belonging
to the United State*." . *.
If the opposition leave the heights of moral
appeal and enter upon the common ground of
campaign arguments, even there we will meet
them. If they declare that if we keep the Phil
ippines the American workingman will suffer
by competition with Philippine labor. I answer
that one American will do more in a single day
than a Filipino will do in a workng week".
And. therefore, they cannot compete with us.
if they would. But they produce what we want
and cannot so well produce: we produce what
they need and cannot so well produce. And, j
therefore, we are by nature industrial brothers, '
rot industrial foes, and they would not compete |
with us If they could. Their products, their
climate and their soil are complements, not :
competitors, with ours. These ljcssesslcns make ¦
us a world to and of ourselves. !
The epposition cite the Porto Uican law as j
proof that we will not pursue the proper pol- |
Icy, even conceding that we have the power.
Hut that law proves the reverse. The law on
the statute books is not the proposed act which !
caused the original opposition. The law as j
finally enacted i» a compromise of all opinions I
within the Republican party. In the Senate j
there were Republicans who believed, and still
t.elleve, that commercial policy and sound
statesmanship require reciprocity between the
republic and its possessions; and we battled for
our opinions. There were those who believe
in a tariff with our possessions; and they bat
tled for their opinions. The\resuH was a com
posite of the views of all. as every practical
law must be. as the declaration of Independ
ence was. as the constitution of the l*nited i
States was. The act that finally passed and j
is now the law was the Senate civil government j
bill, which, while not perfect, is the best leg- I
islation ever constructed for a dependency. On j
to that law a section was engrafted which, as |
finally modified, provides free trade one -way !
immediately and free trade both ways as soon I
as the civil government of the island Is es- •
tablished. Free trade with Porto Rico is our
declared and enacted policy. The conflicting
views of Republican legislators were consid
ered. The conflicting views of Republican news
papers of the country were considered. The
crnflicting views of Republican voters of the
ecuntry were considered. And this Is the great
est glory of the Republican party; it Is the
only political organization In the world that
permits liberty of thought. No man dictates
to the Republican party its policies, as the
great chieftain of the opposition dictated his
policies to his convention at Kansas City.
Every Republican is honored within the party
for the maintenance of his convictions. And
those convictions are considered in the forma
tion of any low which a Republican majority
passes or any platform which a Republican
ccnventlon adopts. But the Democratic party
tolerates no independent thought. It concedes
nothing: to a minority, no matter how wise,
honest and heroic that minority may be.
The opposition demands that the shedding of
blood shall cease. So does the Government.
But blood will continue to flow until American
sympathy with the insurrection Is repudiated
by the American people. If from the first there
had been united support of the American Gov
ernment In holding aloft the American flag in
the Philippines, no bloodshed would have been
necessary, no lives of American soldiers re
quired to keep it floating there. Our dead
soldiers! The American gra\-es In that land
of sunset! The vacant chaira, flagr-draped. In
the homes of the republic! It Is a subject for j
speech. And those who cheered the misguided '
natives on to shoot those soldiers down! Those
who held out hope to Insurrection aralnet the
flag! It Is a subject too terrible for thought.
"What said Lawton — Lawton. Indiana's pride
and the republic's Bayard "without fear and
without reproach"? These are Lawton's words
of fire: "If I am shot by a Filipino bullet
: it might as well come from one of my own
¦ men because • • « the. continuance of th«
flfThting Is chiefly due to reports that are eent
out from America." Who will wear on his fore
head the everlasting brand which Lawton's
words burn and 6hall burn while American
soldier* continue to fall under the flag In the
Philippines? I appeal to no passions; I state
the facts. The defeat of the opposition to the
Government here Is the defeat of the opposi
tlort, to the Government there.
THe strong, wise, tender-hearted man who
guides the nation's destinies to-day, and who
resembles Lincoln more than any President the
republic ever had, William MrKlnley. would
have prevented bloodshed If It had been possi
ble, with honor. He tried expedient after ex
pedient to compose the Philippines, until the
world looked on amazed at his forbearance
He 'has approved force with reluctance: and
only when the flag: he had sworn to defend
was hid by the battle smoke of hostile guns,
and torn at by the dark hands of insurrection'
only when anarchy whirled aloft Its torch and
civilization gasped at ARtiinaldo's order of
murder, and extermination, only then when
honor and humanity commanded, did our great
President, dauntless as he Is merciful, draw
the nation's sword.
LONDON. Sept. 23.— The special corre
spondent of the London Daily Telegraph
sends the following dispatch:
LOURENZO MARQUES. S«pt. 2.1.— Th«
final collapse of the Boer army may b*
summarized a." follow3: When the Boers,
numbering 2000, evacuated Komatipoort
. they took up positions between Lobombo
range and the river. They had good posi
tions and could have made a capital
Stand, but owing to disorganization an!
lack of discipline- that were prevalent they
were only half-hearted. W*lshlng to avoid
a conflict and unnecessary bloodshed, tho
British Consul General consulted the Por
tuguese Governor General. Senor Macha
do, as to the beat course to be pursued tr>
attain this end. He asked that emissaries
should be sent up with an address to the
Boers painting out the .useleasness of con
tinuing their resistance and absolute
needlessnesa of gotng on further. .Be
sides, If they continued to fight there was
fear of the natives rising. Owing to tht»
fact that the Portuguese had been most
kind to the Boers, and as they had gruar
anteed their maintenance and repatria
tion and promised to send them back to
their country free of charge, the schemo
succeeded beyond the wildest hopes of Its
originators. Instead of dozens coming
down to Lourenzo Marques 2500 arrived In
this wise. Diplomacy, therefore, triumph
ed by bringing the war to a speedy and
bloodless close.
Special Cable to The Call and N'»-nr Trrk n>r
ald. Copyright. 100<\ by the Hora'.d rub
llshlne Company.
Owing to a Promise* of Maintenanca
and Repatriation 2500 Bursjhere
Went to Lourenzo
Marques.
PORTUGUESE GOVERNOR
AIDED ARRANGEMENT
Why the Boer3 Retired
Without Trying to Do
Battle.
THIS CLOSES
THE WAR IN
SOUTH AFRICA
Taking the situation as a whole In the
section of country included in these six
teen States, there is a very general and
t-trong movement toward the Republican
party.
South Dakota has four electoral votes,
which went to Bryan in IS.%. Notwith
standing tho strong fight made by Sena
tor Pettigrew for the fusion Legislature,
it is believed the State which went for
Bryan by less than 200 plurality four years
pgo will give its vote to Mclvlnley. The
ten electoral votes of Kansas are not
considered In doubt this year by those
most familiar with present conditions
throughout the State. The State, in ad
dition to these, of which Republicans are
most hopeful, is Idaho, and their claims
are sufficiently well founded to put Idaho
into the doubtful column. Republicans
also say that they may be successful in
Colorado. Montana -and Utah, but the
chances are better that the Democrats
will carry these States for their national
ticket. Utah is the most doubtful of the
three. Montana next and Colorado surest
Democratic. Allowing Idaho's vote to
MeKinley and the other ten doubtful
votes to Bryan, would give McKtnley
forty and Bryan pixty-one of 101 electoral
votes west of Missouri, which went fifteen
and eighty-six respectively four years
ago. >»
The sixteen States have 101 electoral
votes. Fifteen of theso went to McKin
ley and eighty-six to Bryan In 1S96. It is
p. conservative estimate of political con
ditions in these sixteen States to say that
McKlnley will receive this year at least
thirty-seven of these votes and Bryan
!ifty-one, leaving thirteen more or less
doubtful. Allowing that these thirteen
votes go to Bryan, a net sain of twenty
two votes is shown for MeKinley. Bryan
received J76 vote? in the Kiectoral Col
lege in 18LH3 and MeKinley 271. On the
bas's of political conditions in the West
as they are to-day, allowing that the
States east of the Missouri remain as
they were four years ago, Bryan's vote
in the Klectoral College this year would
be 154, as against McKinley's vote of 293.
In other words, Hryan must pain seventy
electoral votes east of the. Missouri River
ov^r what he received in 18% to be elect
ed in 1!«X>.
Air. Bryan will receive one vote less
from California than in 1S96, ten votes less
in Kansas, four votes less in South Da
kota, four ir. AVasbington and three In
Wyoming. There are thirteen other
doubtful votes— four in Colorado, three in
Idaho, three in Montana, and three in
Utah. All of these went for Bryan in 18%
and the chances are good that he will
carry ten cast by Colorado, Montana and
Utah, while it seems possible that Me-
Kinley will secure the three votes of
Idaho. Washington, South Dakota. Wyo
ming and Kansas are claimed by the
Democrats as a matter of principle, but
careful inquiry in these States indicates
what might be called a tidal wave of Re
publicanism is In progress. California is
safely Republican. In Washington Demo
crats admit the probability of defeat. In
Wyoming the commercial interests are
strongly protectionist, and wool has dou
bled in price during the last four years.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. 25.— In order
to get at the real political conditions In
the West and to properly estimate^ .the
chances of the Republican and Democratic
Preside ntlal candidates there, a special
correspondent of The Call and Herald has
made a trip through each of sixteen
States west of the Missouri River. The
result of his careful investigation of tho
situation In this part of the country Is
given herewith.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
?
M ust Have Seventy More East of
the Missouri River Than
Last Time to
Win.
BRYAN Will IOSF
1 ELECTORAL VOTES
Careful Canvass in Sixteen
States Encouraging to
REPUBLICAN
GAINS WEST
OF MISSOURI
3ritish Reported to Be Intercepting
Steyn and Reitz.
LONDON. Sept. ;fi._ -£he Daily Mail has
the following dispatch from I>ourenzu
Marques:
"Heavy fighting is reported ncross the
Sahi River. This means that the British
are intercepting Steyn and Reitz. who.
with their forces, are attempting to push
northward and to effect a Junction. A
• ¦ommando is said to !>t surrounded near
Pietersburjr."
COMMANDO IS SURROUNDED
"A French baron came urt at this mo
ment. 'He has.' said Mr. Davitt. 'fought
ihrouph the w&r. H<* has given up every
thing for their cause. >Cow he is going:
away a pauper, utterly neglected, without
money enough to pav his fare.' "
"'V<s.' replied Mr. Davitt. 'but I am
Journalist plus politician. There is a dif
ference.*
•' 'But.' interposed Mr. Ratt*. 'there are
oih«T Kr.gliFh journalists here beside
yourself.'
" What.' paid I. 'when ION men retire.
as r.t Kroonst?dt. and practically run
away without firing a shot: 4 I vent down
o Kroonstadt and saw their positions.
They were excellent. The Boets thorough
ly deceived me. They assured me that
they would dispute every Inch of ground
and wruld Bell their liberty w'th their
lives. What happened' you know All
nlong the lir.e j have been refused their
confidence and have been thoroughly de
civrd. I wrrto to my papers this rubbish
about the pmnd stand that was to be
m.ide at KrooiiFti»dt — speaking through
thrm to Europe, j wo>i!d give £100 to
withdraw what I have written I go
nv.ay to-day, but do not know that I can
""? .° nritish pa; sport frrm Delapoa.
Bay.* —
" "That old man. Paul Kruger.' " con
tinued Mr. Davitt. " *1p engaged in a
«nrt of a spiritualist seance buM
ne«s with, some blind boy, pre
dicting events that are to. happen
«>n certain o";iys. I came out here at my
own expense. It has cost me £3»». I was
lull of enthusiasm lor these people. They
)-ner.- -n* 1 . they knew my feelings, but tljey
linve never trusted me. To-day they re
fuw] to give me information as to the
vitjminn for my papers, nnt I ro away
broken and at heart. 1 am thorough
ly disi.lusioned. For me to remain Is no
longer possible. I cannot endure it. They
ask me, "Why go away ho soon? Things
are not so bad as yon think."
" 'Instead of <To!rm this." said Mr. Davitt.
"they have sent a rnessape of a threaten
ing character, telling lx>rd Roberta that
they will blow up the mines or destroy
J'lhannesbtircr if som** terms are nnt made.
What the terms are they do not Ptate, an.l
They <io not re illy mean to carry out the
threat. Their whole action will cover
then with Isnomlny and contempt before
the <-ivi!i7.ed world. Their 5>urpose is t.>
prolorR the business without seriously
m«--«riirs: to fisrht. for the one object of
noaninj; up the tars of pold they are tak
ing from the mines and of accumulating
nr.d hoarding them in obedience to the dic
tates of that eld man. Paul KrtrRer.
"Michat 1 Davitt left Pretoria on the 15th
• ¦f May "broken and slok at heart." accord
jne to the word* he hlmseif usp<i on the
railway train. Hev. H. J. Hatts. a Bap
tist minister, has recorded them and they
art- t«pUn>d to by Rev. Henry \V. Good
win, a Conpr^minnal minister. 'He told
me." Baji Mr. Hatts. rthat h<> had that
morninji advised the Transvaal Govern
ment that if they would commend them
selves in th*» p\<-s of tho world and obtain
ih' 1 sympathy of European na'.ions that
they should at cm<;o tvire ]>ord Roberts to
this effect: -Now that the Kroc- Stuto is
< onqi;«--re-d and v.o are quite unable to re
t-ist alone tho mljrht of England, in the in
terests of humanity and to prevent fur
ther bloodshed wo will surrender."*
LONDON. Sept. IS.— The Pretoria oorre-
Fp-jndont of the Standard '.n a recent dls-
T-.atch throw? ;.n entirely new 1'cht ujion
Mlcbre) Davitfs f-xperienoes in the Trans
vaal and his frcliriKP "toward the Hoprs.
In viow of Mr. 'DaviH's contributions tr»
ihp American pr«*i?s during and subsequent
to bis visit to the scat of war the Stand
ard's dispatch is of interest. It is as fol
iows:
< Vrresp"!iden,j* of the Associated Fr«"s.
Peculiar Tactics of the Remnant of
the Republican Army That
Once Fought So
Bravely.
DECLARES BURGHERS
ACT LIKET.OWARDS
He Leaves Pretoria Broken
and Very Sick at
Heart
DAVITT IS
DISGUSTED
WITH BOERS
If the opposition ask why this is the mission
of the American people now more than here
tofore. I answer that before any people as
sumes these great tasks it goes through a pro
cess of consolidation and unification. Just as a
man achieves maturity before he assumes the
taeki of a man. Great Britain never became
a colonixlng and administrating power until the
separate people of England, Scotland. Ireland
and Wales, welded into a single indivisible
people, were ready to go forth as a national
unit and do the great work to which the world
was calling it. The Cerman people did not
embark upon this natural policy until separata
dukedoms, principalities and kingdoms were
finally welded by a common war. common
blood, and common interests into a great sin
gle and indivisible people ready to go forth
as a national unit to the great work to which
the world -was calling them. The French be
came colonizers of lands and administrators of
(rovernroents only when her great statesmen,
from Richelieu to Colbert, had krtU the sepa
rate and divided French people Into* national
unit and sent it forth to the work to which the
world was calling It: and France declined only
Kk»n she abandoned that natural law of na
tlora! power and progress, and Napoleon di
verted her energies to the internal strifes of
Eurcie. Then her decline began. She lost
Canada. The Corsican told Louisiana to us.
And to-day French statesmen at last realize
the fatal operation of this law when once diso
beyed, and bo are peeking to become one of
the colonlclnc and administrating powers of
•arth again. And bo the American republic
haa been going through the process of fitting
It for the execution of this natural law of civ-
Iliiatlon. Hitherto we have had local divisions.
The proposition that we were a single people.
& 'national u£lt. and not a rum of segregated
factions, wa* denied. And It required war and
commerce and time — the shedding of blood, the
uniting of communities by railroads and tele
granhs. the knitting together of the fabric of
nationality by that wonderful loom of human
Intelligence called the port; and finally, by the
common and united effort of a foreign war. ta
bring us to a consciousness of our power aa a
people. And there Is never In nature a power
without a corresponding purpose. And 6hall
we now stop this process of nature?
We are this at Ia»t. a great national unit
ready to carry out that universal law of civili
zation which requires of every people who have
reached our high estate to become colonizers
of new lands, administrators of orderly pov
ernment over savage an* penile peoples and
the planters of our institutions outward and
ever outward toward the ever-widening hori
zons of the ever-increasing dominions of the
fla*. And being thus prepared, the lands and
peoples needing our administration are dellv-
Explains the Fallaey of Imperialism
as an Issue and Speaks for
\ Expansion,
CHICAGO. Sent. 25.— Senator Boveridge |
cf Indiana was the chief speaker at a j
Republican mass-meeting held to-night
In the Auditorium under the auspices of
j the Marquette Club. There was a great
j audience to hear the Senator. Mr. Bev
; triage said in part:
| Ladirs and Gentlemen: "Westward the star
I of empire takes its way." Net the star of king-
I ly power, for kingdoms ar«" everywhere dlesolv
j lug in th? Increasing rights of men; not the
i Elar of autocratic oppression, for civilization is
] brightening nnJ the liberties of the people are
; broadening umier every flag that floats. But
'¦ the star of empire, as Washington used the
j vorrt, when he called this republic an "cm
¦ pire"': «g .lorfersson understood it when he de
clared our form of government ideal for extend-
I lnp "our empire": as Marshall understood it
I vi hen he closed a noble period of an Immortal
j c.instltutlnnal opinion by naming: the domain of
¦ the. American ccojile "our empire." This Is the
j ""ir.plre" of which the prophetic voice cie
• c:aj»d "Westward the Mar of empire takes Its
v»y"— the .«tnr of th» empire of liberty and
law, of mnracrc ntil orprr.munloatlon. of so
j oial order p.nd lho Go.spel of our I/trd-the star
¦ of the emplie of tho civilization of the world.
Westward <lat star of empire tak»s Its course.
And tn-»1av it IJlnmtnes our |>at!i at duty acroes
<lie rpi-lfio into the Islands and lands where
Providen.-p has call.'d ur.
It is not true, as the opposition assert, that
every race is naturally s^lf-troveming without
instruction and guidance. If ro the Indians
were capable of self-government. Our America
— or is America ours?- Valorised to them
whether they were or were not capable of lelf
. government. If they were capable of self- rov
ernment it «f.s not only wroni but it was a
crime tr> set ud our independent government on
their land without their consent. If this is true
tl.e Puritan?. Instead of being noble, are de
rplcsble .haracters; and the patriots of 1T76. to
which the opposition compares the Kllipinos,
were only a sw«m of land pirate* rebelling
afrniiiM their captain. If the opposition is !
right, the Zulu* who mvrfp i the Transvaal
were cat able of self-povernnicnt. and the Boers
ivh.i expelled them, according to the opposition.
deserve the abhorrence of righteous men.
If the opposition declare we ouuht to ret up a
separate go\ernment over the Philippines be
cause we are setting up a separate uov^rn
rr.ep.t nver «~"ut>«, I answer that suet) an error
in <"i:ha dres net Justify the same <-rror In the I
Philippine*. I am speaklnit for myself alone.
1 'it sieakir.ir thus. I *ay that .for the pood of
»"uha more ever, than for the good of the I'nlte.!
Ftates. a tiepamte povernnient o\er I'uba. un
controlled by the American republic, never '
FhouM have been promised. Cuba is a mere
fxtfn«ir>n of cur Atlantic coast line. Tuba '
reeds the ITnfted States for <"uba's salvation. i
<VnFlii»r. n<">vi\ the opposition's proposed
method ..f i rooedure in the rhl'ilpptnes. It :s '
!•> c«tabi!sh a «t«ble R.->vernrr.«nt there', turn •
that rovernrrert over to the Filipinos and pro- <
trot them *nd their government from molesta- I
tt"n by any other nation. It is admitted that
¦we muf ••estabHsh a stable government. " If '
%ve "establish p. stable sro\ernn'.ent" ue must
see that that stabl* povernmrr.t Is maintained, i
I'or if we are not poing to take care that this i
Mab!e government, which the opposition says ]
v.e mus: establish, is kept stable, why should i
•we estatllsh it? If the government we estab- ]
li?h coaxes to b» stable after we- turn It over to
the Filipinos, how can we prevent interference j
by r.ther nations? ,
All men who understand production and ex- ]
fhance underst&nd the commercial advantage j
resultine from our ownership <if the?e. the rich- ¦>
est possessions that ever bolnnge*! to any n»- (
tion. Cuba. Porto Rico and the Philippines ,
producir.s: what we need and cannot so well (
produce, we pr^-ducing: what they need and can- ,
not fo wr!l produce, constitute the very Ideality ,
of reciprocal trade. And with these possessions .
our?, that reciprocal traiie, established In na- ,
ture. would be f-ea'.ed to us forever bv our con- ,
trol. If ?|iain had $16,000,000 annual trade with
Cuba, we would In a decade have had tSfiO.OOO,« ,
GOO annual trade with Cuba. For under t^paln '
< uba's people were oppressed and her resources
repressr-f! : nnd under us her people would have j
I-een unllfted and her resources developed. If '
Fpaln had an annual commerce of trj.fHYj.OOO with
the Philippines, our commerce with that archl- '
Ifla^o in a decade will multiply Spain's trade
tenfold. Fcr who denies that we will do ten
t : mes mere In developing Philippine resources '
than Spaniards? 'Already our exports have in '
a sir.srle year increased over 1S00 per cent in '
:pit<» fif war and paralyzed commerce. Befor*
annexation <>ur exports to Hawaii were less '
than t5.00S,<Mt annually; to-day they are nearly '
JI4.fion.iVit; annually, an Increase of over ITS per
rent in less than threo years. Cuba and Porto [
Rico ar» th» commercial stepping stones f>
South America: Hawaii and the Philippines are '
the stepping stones to China and all the Kast.
W> trade with Brlzll from New York
ea=ier than from Pan Francisco because I
it is nearer— this is self-evident: with S^uth '
America from Santiago easier than from Bos
trn: with Mexico from Havana easier than from '¦
Raltinvre. W* can trade with China. Aus- '
tralia and Asia's unnumbered millions easier
frcm Manila than from Portland, and we can i
trede through Manila from Pan Francisco. Se> <
r.ttl»-. Tnr-oma. Portland and the other harbor* c
of the West easier than from 'New Orleans, be
cause it Is nearer— this Is self-evident. And
if we have Santiago. Havana. San Juan. Ha
waii. Ma-.iila. Aparrl. Hollo and Cuba, we will
have tmdinp points with those regions to which
fven new our increasing production is driv- ,
ir.r vis. • :
The caril is a future certainty. That canal.
ton. will be ours: but whether ours, or whether ¦
the lofty conception of Secretary Hay be real- ¦
ized. and it be made a neutral waterway. Porto i
Hico. Hawaii and the Philippines will, never
theless, pive us almost commercial control of
the world's chief oc-^an highway of trade —
with Cut* we phould have more complete con
trol. The commerce from Europe to Asia will
1 ass through that canal. When an English
ship, laden with English goods, bound for the
Olfeot. Fails westward, her first sight of land
will be Porto Rleo— and Cuba. also, as I hope—
with the Stars *nd Stripes above them. As It
puMfl through th» wedded waters of the Isth
mian sea, still the Stars and Stripes above
thmi. Half way across that great American
ocean, known as the Pacific, the first port of
call and exchar.ee will be the islands of Ha
wkfi. with the Stars and Stripes above them.
And farther west, as the land of sunrise and
sunset lifts before the eyes of the crew of that
merchantman, they will behold glowing in the
hravens of the east Ft ill again, and still for
ever, those Stars and Stripes of glory. And
If that ship sets sail from Australia for Japan,
ft must stop and trade in ports of the greatest
commercial stronghold of the world, the Phil
ippine Islands, with the Stars and Stripes
above each one of them. Lay a ruler on the
world's map and you will find that the most
convenient ocean highways to the markets of
the Orient or to tbe markets of th» south are
dominated by American possessions — by Porto
Rico, by the" canal, by Hawaii, by the PhlHo
i'res. ours now, and ours forever — aye, and.
through the choice of her own people, by Cuba,
too. ours In the future, and when once ours,
then ours forever, with the Stars and Stripes
above thcci. •
Kvery progreoslve nation of Europe to-day is
seeking lands to colonize and governments to
administer.
And can this common instinct of the most i
progressive peoples of the world— this common
conclusion of the ablest statesmen of other na- '
BEVERIDGE OPENS THE
CAMPAIGN IN ILINOIS
THE SAN" -FRAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1900.
GENERAL JOHN M. PALMER
IS CALLED TO HIS REST
«
Was a Civil War Veteran, Prominent
in Polities and Gold Demoerat
Nominee for President.
2
SKXATOR ALBERT J. BEVER
IDCB OF INDIANA, WHO
OPENED THE REPUBLICAN
CAMPAIGN IN ILLINOIS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEORIES ABOUT FOOD.
Also a Few Facts on the Sams
Subject.
We hear much nowadays about health ]
foods and hygienic living, about vegeta-
rianism and many other fads along the
same line.
Restaurants may be found in the larger
cities where no meat, pastry or coffee fa
served and the food crank is in hla glory,
and arguments and theories galore ad-
vanced to prove that meat was never in-
tended y for human stomachs, and almost
make «s believe that our sturdy ancestors
who lived four-score years In robust
health on roast beef, pork and mutton
must have been grossly ignorant ot tho
laws of health.
Our forefathers had other things to do
than formulate theories about the food
they ate. A warm welcome was extended
to any kind, from bacon to acorns.
A healthy appetite and common sens*
are excellent guides to follow In matters
of diet, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and meats is undoubtedly the best.
As compared with grains and vegetables,
meat furnishes the most nutriment ln a
highly concentrated form and is digested
and Is assimilated more quickly than veg-
etables and grains.
Dr. Julius Remmson on this subject
says: "Nervous persons, people run down
in health and of low vitality should eat
i meat and plenty of it. If the digestion Is
; too feeble at first It may b^ easily correct-
I ed by the regular use of Stuart'3 Dyspep-
sia Tablets after each meal. Two of these
excellent tablets taken after dinner will
digest several thousand grains of meat,
eggs or other Animal food ln three hours,
and no matter how weak the stomach
may be no trouble will be experienced it
a regular practice is made of using Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, because they
supply the pepsin and diastase necessary
to perfect digestion, and every form of In-
digestion will be overcome by their use.
That large class of people who come
under the head of nervoua dyspeptics^
should eat plenty of meat and insure its'"
proper digestion by the daily use of a safe,
harmless digestive medicine like Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, composed of the nat-
ural digestive principles— pepsin, diastase,
fruit acids and salts, which actually per-
form the work of digestion. Cheap cathar-
tic medicines, masquerading under th<»
name of dyspepsia cures, are useless for
indigestion, as they have absolutely no
effect upon the actual digestion of food.
Dyspepsia in all It3 many forms is sim-
ply a failure of the stomach to digest foo>"!.
and the sensible -way to solve th<* ridi!>
and cure the dyspepsia is to make daily
use at meal time of a preparation lik*
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which is in-
dorsed by the medical profession ami
known to contain active digestive princi-
ples. • '
All druggist? sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
j Tablets at 50c for full treatment.
i A little booklet on cause and c«r*» of
! stomach troubles mailPd free by address-
| Ing F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall," Mich.
PALACE HOTEL
It la aalTersally acknowledged that Uses*
hotels possess the attributes tfcat »pp«al
to particular people— undoubted luxury ana
comfort, unaurpaased culstno and aervlc*
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered pa»sa*»w»r and
operated under ens management oa ta*
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DB
FORD. 175 y. Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cat.
DR. CROSSMAN'S ,
SPECIFIC MIXTURE;
For' the Ctu*» of Gonorrhoeas* Gle»t».
Strictures and analogoun complaints
of the Ortaas of Generation.
Frlce U a bottls. For aai* by Orossista.Postofflces Established, Patents
Granted, Pensions Issued and
- Postal Changes.
Special Dispatch to The Call?
WASHINGTON, Sept. 25.-Postofflce es
tablished: Oregon— Buell, "Polk County;
Marietta Lucas, Postmaster.
Additional free rural delivery eervlce
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE ?PACIFIC COAST
MOSCOW, Idaho, Sept. 25.— James Mc-
Lean, professor of history and political
science in the University of Colorado,
•was to-day selected a* president of the
University of Idaho, vice Joseph P. Clan
ton. . * -
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— The Isth
mian Canal Commission stated to-day
that it would be able to submit a report
to Congress sufficiently comprehensive to
serve as a basis for the action of that
body at the approaching session if it
should be desirable to act. The field par
ties have all reported and only a few of
the hydrographic parties and several bor
ing parties remain on the isthmus clear-
Ing up the work.
President of Idaho University.
Report on the Canal.
California: Original — Thomas McDon
ald, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, J6; John
L. Ashley, Butte City, $6; Nicholas De
laney, San Francisco, $12. Original widow
—Minnie C. Mills, Glendale. $8.
Oregon: Original — Joseph M. Miller,
Portland, $6; Albert Kemp, Corvallis, $6:
L«evi K. Evan, Boyd, $8. Increase— Guy
Beebe, St. John. $C. Original widow—Re
becca J. Buckman, Fossil, JS.-,, War with
Spain, original — Henry . M. "Wagner, Cot
tage, $1G; John W. Jones, Oakland. $24.
Patents issued to-day: California—
Bradford M. Buckland, Poplar, wheel
tire, remover; John A. Cardinell, ¦•¦ San
Francisco, speed mechanism for bicycles;
• Martin Carrick. .San Francisco,' metallic
lathing- and fireproof construction for
buildings; Charles J. Castera Jr.^Los An
geles, checking or -unchecklmj = device;
Wilson R. ¦ Ellis, Llvermore, educational
top; Sonhian E. Fischer. Haywards (as
signor Fischer & Bennett), San Francisco,
Pensions have been issued as follows
will be established at Stockton, Cal., on
October. 1.V - ~
Mm.' C. B. Houghton 10 00
Received by Mayor Phelan:
Teachers and scholars French School •
Seviitne '. 8 15
Employes Lowenbersr & Co 2S 75
St. Helena Union High School pupils.. 6 00
Total $184 01
Prevlouely acknowledged $29,884 24
Total to date '..^S0.i6S 25
From reliable reports from all sections
of the Hooded valley above it would soem
that while there has been much damage
to crops and farmlnp property generally
no loss of life lias been reported up to to
night, as most c>f the people in the vicinity
received timely warnings. Reports from
south of here indicate that the valley was
Inundated and much damage done to
farms, but no loss of life.
Official reports from points west of San
Saba to the same headquarters are to the
effect that great damage has been done to
crops all along both the Colorado and San
Saba rivers. At noon to-day the Colorado
was reported falling at Marble Falls,
above here, but reports to-night say that
It Is rising again, showing that the waters
of the San Saba and Llano branches, as
well as from the upper Colorado, are just
beginning to be felt there. The river be
gan to fall at this point to-night. An im
mense quantity of debris has been floating
by all day. Including tries, sections of
fences, frnsnnent.o of small frarr.e houses
and some dead cattle.
"The Colorado River is on a fifty-foot
mark and still rising. Bridges washed
away. San Saba River twenty-two feet
rise. Cotton on lowlands ruined."
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 23.— The reports of
the destruction of the towns of Marble
Falls and San Saba sent out last night
¦were incorrect. Chief Train Dispatcher
Fisher of the Austin and Northwestern
Railroad personally communicated with
Marble Kails and San Saba this morning,
and both towns were reported safe, with
no loss of life or city property, but there
has been great destruction of farm prop
erty all along: the valley. A telegram to
night at 7 o'clock from M. Henry of San
Saba to the headquarters of the Austin
and Northwestern Railroad in this city
says:
Rising Colorado Also Ruins
Cotton Crops on the
f Lowlands. 7
HEAVY LOSS IN
FARM PROPERTY
The railroads are finding it exceedingly
difficult to procure sufllcient labor to re
s!"re their track? in and around Galvfs
ton to good condition, to rebuild yards,
jiick un Tv-recked oars and tiandle freight.
The railroad people R&y that since mar
tial law was raised the mm they had had
rushed back to town, and some remain
idle while thoir women folk eet supplies
from the relief stations, while others
have pone In the public work, which they
lind easier than railroad work.
Manapcr Hill of the Oalvcston. Houston
and Henderson Railroad appeared before
th< relief committee to-uay in behalf 01
all the- railroads and stated the conditions.
requesting the committee to cut off all
rations to able-bodied men. as there is
plenty of work for them to do at g-ood
uaces. The reMcf committee replied that
they were doinp their utmost to cut down
rations In the way rugrpested and that the
output was daily growing Jess.
Arrangements were madrvjhis afternoon
for the amalgamation of all the relief
work. The united association is to be
known as the "Red Cross Society of Gal
veston."
The Washington itf>m in regard to the
loss of life at Fort San Jacinto is an er
ror. No soldiers v.-fre drowned at San
Jacinto. '•"''- I
LATEST APPEAL ISSUED.
Loss of Life at Galveston Placed at
8000 and Damage 930,000,000.
OALVESTON, Sept. 23.— An appeal was
issued to-night to the American people,
tayingr:
firventeen days after the storm at Galves
t<«n It is mil impossible to accurately estimate
!'.;<» loss of life and rroix-rty. It Is known that
thr- Uf>a<l in the city will number at least C0O0
or an»roKlmately one-sixth of the cenpus popu
lation. The island end adjacent mainland will
r44 perhaps. 2000 to this number. The actual
png^rtr damage if incalculable in precise
: ' ™ - but the individual Iohc^s and losses In
r>utltc property. «Jch a* paving, water works,
hchooln. hospitals, churches, etc., will easily
cmount to {20,000,000. This estimate take* no
account cf the direct and indirect Injury to
l»UMlnc*s. .AIor.iT the beach front upward ot
M03 house*, by actual map count, were totally
GALVESTON. T>x., Sept. 2,".— Governor
Bayers arrived here to-day in response to
a request from the Galvt ston commiure
for a conference in r<-gard to several mat
t« rs. The Governor mot with the commit
tee at coon. He expressed himself as un
wil'.ing to haw iinything whatever to do
with' the distribution of relief funtiw.- He
rays he will apportion the funds in his
h:-."ridp among the various communities
which have puffen d from the storm, and
the citizens of each cf th^se communities
must entrust the distribution to the local
< ommittfes. composed of the best citizens
of the respective places.
Railroads at Galveston Can
not Now Secure Suffi
cient Employes. *
IDLE MEN GET
THE SUPPLIES
"Wells has be*fr identified as. a former
resident of Northport. He Is a "tin horn"
gambler. The dead man is unidentified.
His description, except that he is clean
shaved and the other had a mustache, tal
lies closely with that of the lone high
wayman who held up the Northern Pa
cific train early Saturday morning. The
last trace of that highwayman was at
Deer -Park, which is twenty miles south
tJf Marcus. He was there on Saturday
afternoon and left on a northbound freight
train. It is thought he. may be the man
killed to-day. ...
The dead man had a revolver and
$10 in cash on his person.. Wells had a
new navy revolver and $12. Both were
Identified as the men who robbed the box
car travelers. Wells and the body of his
partner were taken to Colville, the county
seat. An inquest will be held to-morrow.
In pursuit. The highwaymen, being un
familiar with the country, started for a
bend In the Colville River and soon
reached the stream. Finding themselves
hemmed in and paying no attention to the
calls to surrender, they plunged into the
stream, which was about sixteen feet deep
at this point and 100 yards wide. They
fired at their pursuers just before entering
the water, but the bullets flew wide. As
the men swam the river bullets struck the
water all about them, and as they gained
the opposite bank one of the robbers fell
dead, a bullet having reached his heart.
The other man. Sprague Wells, was shoi
through the hand. Seeing the fate of his
companion and that escape was Impossi
ble he surrendered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Sept. 25.— After swimming
the Colvllle River In an attempt to escape a
pursuing posse one highwayman was shot
and killed and his partner wounded and
captured at 9 o'clock this morning near
Addy, a little town on the Spokane Falls
and Northern Railway, seventy-five miles
north of Spokane. The highwaymen were
attempting to escape from officers who
had arrested them for the robbery of three
citizens.
On Sunday night at Marcus, twenty
teven miles from Addy, Peter Brown, ll.
J. Griffls and another man were held up
In a boxcar by two men. The robbery oc
curred about midnight and the car occu
pants were relieved of about $S0. The rob
bers were unmasked. The victims swore
out John Doe warrants and last night
pointed out the highwaymen to the Sheriff
at Marcus. The men escaped in the dark
ness and the Sheriff wired their descrip
tions to nearby towns.
G. W. Gear, a merchant -at Addy, tele
phoned this morning to the Sheriff at Col
ville that two men answering the descrip
tion had just reached Addy. E. S. Dudley
and William Chamberlain of Addy were
deputized to pursue and capture the rob
bers. They found them In a restaurant in
that town. The pair made no resistance,
contenting themselves with declaring that
they were not the men wanted. They ac
companied the officers to the. street. One
deputy entered a store, leaving the other
to guard the prisoners. The robbers" then
attempted to escape.
Both officers and many citizens started
Supposed Northern Pacific Train
Robber Killed and His Accom=»
plice Captured.
HIGHWAYMAN SLAIN
BY PURSUING POSSE
SAN JOSE. Sept. 23.— The criminal pros
ecution of Attorney William M. Beggs and
E. N. Whiteside of this city and F. C.
Carter of Gllroy was this afternoon dis
missed on motion of District Attorney
Campbell. The prosecution was begun at
the: instance' of .Detective -Macfarlane of
San Francisco, representing , the Conti
nental Building and Loan Association.
The crime alleged. was that of obtaining
116.000 from -the company under false pre
tenses. - It Was claimed that the loan was
secured on property worth $12,000, the'de
fendants representing It to-be worth $31,
000. Attorney Beggs claimed that Presi
dent Corbln of the Building and Loan As
sociation' himself the property
and authorized the loan.
Criminal Prosecution Dismissed.
Lieutenant Hobson has changed much
In appearance. He , has shaved off his
mustache and grown stouter. His eyes
are affected somewhat as the result of his
continuous labors in the Orient, but his
health is good. .
"I never had the slightest intention of
belittling Admiral' Dewey's victory. As
regards my statement that Admiral
Dewey did not sink the Spanish squadron,
anybody who knows anything about mod
ern warships well knows that they can
not be sunk in a smooth sea by direct
fire. Admiral Sampson's squadron did not
sink Cervera's squadron. We all know
that, but no one thinks of discrediting the
victory. In fa. seaway you might sink a
veswl with big guns, for the reason that
yau Van make an occasional hole below
the water line when the ship is rolling.
Otherwise you can't sink her, unless you
torpedo her or Ignite her magazine." . - .
"The Spaniards scuttled their own ves
sels/' he said, "but we all know why.
They wouldn't have opened their sea
cocks unless they bad to, would they?' ; '
¦NEW YORK, Sept. 25.— "That Vancouv
er interview was so distorted that I did
not recognize It," said Lieutenant Rich
mond Pearson Hobson,' who reached this
city to-day and was seen at the Plaza
Hotel.' He admitted having said that
Dewey's guns did not sink the Spanish
warships.
Reaches New York and Declares That
the Vancouver Correspondents
Distorted His Remarks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOBSON ZXPIiAINS WHAT
I • HE MEANT TO SAY
Oregon— Eugene C. Alfred, Moro, towel
or paper rack; Herman Blome. McMlnn
ville, broomholder; James H. Hughes (as
signor one-third to E. A. Wills, Allcel),
hayrake; Charles M. Pierce, "Weston,
stamping machine.
Washington— Rufus Williams, Walla
Walla, hosecoupling.
Bight for firearms; same, quick-adjusting
gunslght; William II. Holllway, Oakdale,
wear-adjusting nut for vehicle axles;
George II. McBride (assignor 51-100 to D.
H. Bibb, San Francisco), bed bottom;
Henry C. Necdham, Los Angeles, auto
matic gravity boiler-feeder; Oscar II.
Platt. Chlco, thill coupling; Daniel Schuy
ler, San Diego (assignor to Perfect Slid
ing-door Company. I^os Angeles), door
check; Joseph W. Smith, "Weaverville, de
flector for hydraulic nozzles; Jesse SI.
Swift, Selma, 'fire-escape; Herbert E.
Williams. San Jose, horizontal earth drill;
Glen T. Willis (assignor to J. Porteous,
Fresno), wagon or truck gear.
deptroved. Of these, not a timber remains on
the original site and the wreckage constitutes
an embankment of debris extending along the
entire beach from three to four blocks inward
for about three miles, the removal of which
will cost JT50.000 to 11.000,000. From this debris
there are .«till daily uncovered by the workmen
now py^tpmatically employed, from thirty to
fifty bodies, which are burned or buried upon
the soot. Moreover, we estimate that 97'/4 per
cent of the remaining houses throughout the
city are damaged in greater or less degree.
On the removal of this debris in the clearing of
the ereets to make temporary repairs on
houses partly destroyed, in distributing
supplies and in the general work of restoration,
our entire citizenship are engaged. Men whose
eervioes could not be secured at this season
ordinarily are giving their time without com
pensation. Firms whose affairs usually re
quire the attention of three partners retain
one for the transaction of the business and
lend the other two to the public Bervice.
We cannot command language to express our
gratitude for the generous supplies of food,
clothing disinfectants, etc., from all quarters
and all agencies. By the world's generosity
there has been no hunger and now no naked
ness in Oalveston.
The munificent contributions in Tnoney sen*
to the Governor and directly to the relief com
m!ttt<« are perhaps sufllcient to defray the
Decenary expenses to the removal of the
wreckage and disposing of the dead bodies and
meeting tho mort urgent sanitary requirements.
Hut when this Is done the special work of res
toration will only have begun. The homeless
will still be without shelter and household goods,
the mt-chante without tools, the washerwoman
without wa.«htubs and seamstress without a.
machine.
Were our task but to afford temporary relief
find to care for the wounded and orphans, *'an
appeal to Tevas alone would be sufficient. The
wounded and orphans are comparatively few.
«>ince only the sturdiest were able- to combat
the maddened elements. But a greater and a
graver work confronts us.
Some kind of homes, be they ever bo hum
ble, must be provided for the ten thousand
people now huddled in ruined houses, public
places and improvised camps, to the end that
they may not become paupers, but may ppeed
lly set up their households, wherein repose all
that is best and noblest in American life. We
believe that the well-to-do and charitable peo
ple of this nation will not be contented to
merely appease hunger and bind up bruises
but will in very large measure and vrlth mor»
far-reachlns rffect contribute to the restoration
of these people to a plane of self-support and
pelf-respect. It Is for this purpose we make
this further appeal.
For such temporary measures as are ex
plained in the foregoing we have at present
sufficient supplies. But they are only a tithe
of the larger needs herein set forth, and gener
ouk people of the nation will best serve the
situation and their own alms by making theli
contributions Jn moner.
WALTER C. JON'ES. Mayor.
M. LASKER,
CLARENCE OUSL.KY.
For the committee.
Governor Sayers at© Miss Clara Darton
add their approval of the appeal.
>
Beached Thirty Thousand.
The following were the additional sub
scriptions to the TexaH relief fund re
ceived by the California State Relief Com
mittee to noon yesterday:
St. Helena Public School. .i $13 11
,\ara City. s«-<<Trid remittance from
citizens 78 50
Restaurant committee reported:
Johnson Restaurant Company 10 00
Dennett's. "49 Market r. 00
Ew.nnett's. 761 Market 2 50
Golden West 6 00
Cerdall & Martton 5 00
Page & Falch \..., 5 00
Cardall & Howe e 00
Vienna Model Bakery 6 00
F.A- Swain 500
Jewelers' committee reiwrted:
Employes of Shreve & Co., second sub- '
6cription 45 76
Ehreve & Co.. second subscription 43 75
Bank of California reported:
A Friend SO
to-day, aside from the request for sol
diers, was the answer of G. B. Markle &
Co. to the demands presented by the
firm's employes ten days ago. The answer
is not considered satisfactory by many of
the Markle employes and what action
they will take at their meeting to-mor
row Is not certain. There Is much talk
among them to-night in favor of a strike.
The firm flatly refuses to grant the de
mands of the men for a 5 and 10 per cent
advance; announces its willingness to pay
the men semi-monthly: agrees to arbi
trate the question of cheaper powder; re
fuses the demands of the driver boys anil
engineers for more pay; promises to ad-
Just grievances relating to the carrying
of men and tools tkvtvii and up the -slope
in mine cars; offers the timbermen a new
scale for propping which is lower than
the rate asKed for; agrees to build powder
houses so that^the men will not have to
carry the explosive a great distance, and
concedes the r'llar-robbing grievance.
The Markle .irm to-day announced that
at "the. request of the mine workers in
its reply, work will be suspended to-mor
row in order to give the men an oppor
tunity to consider the company's answer
to their demands made ten days ago."
The IJnited Aline Workers held a meet
ing at Jeddo this afternoon before the an
swer of the Markles had become public.
Many of the Marklo strikers were present.
The principal speech was made by Presi
dent Mitchell, who, having heard a rumor
that the Markles had granted the de
mands of the men, urged the miners who
had struck not to go back to work, but to
stand firm in the flght until victory comes
The labor leaders would make no com
ment to-night on the Markle controversy,
but It Is known they are much pleased.
If the company had conceded the wage
Bloodhounds on the Trail.
"WALLACE. Idaho. Bept. 23.— Officers
left Lalngston to-day with bloodhounds
on the track of the robber who held up
the Northern Pacific train at Athol on
Friday night.
erately drove his horse into him on the
public road.
MOBE MINES TO BE TTED UP.
Clerks' Association of Shamokin De-
cides to Aid the Strikers.
SHAMOKIX. Pa., Sept. 25.— Local strike
leaders say that from the Information re
ceived to-night the Locust Springs Col
liery at Locust Gap, operated by the
Philadelphia and Reading Coal and Iron
Company, will be completely tied up to
morrow. It has been working short
handed for several days. They claim that
the Ashland mines also will be shut down
in a few days.
Mine officials here are Jubilant over the
resumption" of work at the North Frank
lin Mine No. 1 at Trevorton, also a Phila
delphia and Reading Company operation.
The men almost in a body failed to report
yesterday, but the whole of them returned
to work this morning. «
The Clerks' Association, the Shamokln
branch of the International Association ot
Retail Clerks, have voted in favor of the
strike, and their president. J. N. Martz.
will appoint a committee to confer with
the executive body of the Central Labor
Union as to the most advantageous means
of distributing- food and funds to those
suffering from the strike's effects.
THREE COLLIERIES CLOSED.
Number of Men Who Seported Not
Sufficient to Work Them.
SHENANDOAH, Pa,. Sept. 25.— The few
developments In the strike situation since
The troops to-day had nothing to occupy
their time but guard duty, practice
marches and regimental parades.
The English-speaking mine workers of
this borough to-day formed a branch of
the United Mine Workers and 250 are said
to have joined the union. Mr. Harris,
addressing the men. said that the pres
ence of the militia has given unexpected
impetus to organization. He also stated
that 27,000 of the 35.000 mln» workers in
dl3tiict 4 (the Schuylkill dLstrlct) were
idle.
Other collieries In the region still In
operation are the Blast, at Ashland:
Potts, at Locustdale; Locust Springs, at
Locust Gap, and the North Franklin, at
Trevorton. The Blast celllery is said to
be shorthanded.
t
yesterday were favorable to the strlkera.
Three additional collieries were closed to
day in this region because the number of
men who reported for duty was not suf
ficient to operate them. They were the
Park Place, Plttston No. 3 and Lawrence
collieries. The Park Place workings were
in operation for a short time to-day, but
could not continue with the small force.
In this city only one colliery is working.
That is the Cambridge, which, according
to J. C. McGinnia of the Cambridge Coal
Company, has Its full complement of men.
General Superintendent Kudlick of the
Coxe Brothers & Co.'s mines was arrested
to-day on a charge of assault and several
minor charges. He waived a hearing on
two of the charges this- afternoon and
will be given a hearing on the other
charge to-morrow. Peter Gallagher, a
striking miner of Freeland. is the prose
cutor. He charges that Kudllck dellb-
The operators at other collieries
claimed, as usual, that they were in bet
ter shape to-day than at any previous
time during the strike.
Coxe Brothers & Co. admitted to-day
that their collieries at Derringer and
Gowen were slightly affected this morn-
Ing, but claimed that the men who did
not go to work were Intimidated by tho
marchers.
"Reports from the Schuylkill district are
that the entire Mahanoy Valley from Ma
hanoy City to Ashland is idle. This is a
gain of three large collieries. In the Le
high Valley region, Eckley, Derringer,
Tomhicken and Gowen were closed to
day and we made satisfactory gains at
other mines where the men- have been
working, lt^ is generally conceded that
the strike In the Schuylkill district will
soon embrace every man employed there.
On the whole we are well satisfied with
the status of the strike."
demand, which Is only about half of what
the United Mine Workers are asking
throughout the region, it was feared thero
would be a big break among the men who
struck at the Markle mine. They now
believe that the firm's mines will be com
pletely tied up and point to Its voluntary
suspension as evidence that the Markles
are afraid that their men will quit.
President Mitchell, in discussing the sit
uation In this region to-night, said:
Sheriff's request was backed up by sev
eral telegrams from private citizens of
Hazleton, who, It is said, are mine oper
ators.
It is believed that the Sheriff Is of the
opinion that the presence of troops will
prevent any further marching, thus les
sening the possibility of serious trouble.
Last night's march of 300 men from Cran
berry, Tomhicken, Derringer and Gowen
prooably hastened the action of Sheriff
Harvey in asking for State help.
The strikers met after midnight at Cran
berry, and when they reached Tomhicken
they were stopped by Sheriff Harvey and
thirty armed deputies, who went to that
place on a special train. It was yet
dark, and the Sheriff read the riot act to
them by the light of a lantern. The strik
ers then scattered in different directions
and began missionary work in preventing
mine-workers from going to the Potts
mine at Tomhicken. Derringer and Gowen.
They were successful in preventing a
large number of men from going to work,
and In consequence the Derringer and
Gowen mines were crippled. The Tcm
hicken slope was only slightly afTected.
Four of the marchers were arrested
charged with breach of the peace, and
In the afternoon were taken to South
Wllkesbarre and committed without bail.
There was no conflict between the depu
ties and the strikers. Rhone Trescott a
coal and iron policeman, says he saw
President Mitchell and "Mother" Jones
on a hill at Derringer directing the move
ments from it. Mr. Mitchell denies this.
It was rumored that another march was
to be made to-morrow to Black Creek
three miles from Hazleton. .
The most Important development here
Peace Officer Trying to Stop Nig-lit
Marches of the Strikers.
HAZL.ETOX. Pa., Sept. 25.— It was
learned to-night that Sheriff Harvey has
telegraphed to Governor Stone asking that
troops be sent to this county on the
ground that he cannot guarantee the
safety of persons and property during the
night marches of the etrikers. The Gov
ernor, it is understood, is eonsiflering the
matter. It was also learned that the
SHEBIFF ASKS FOR TROOPS.
The answer of Markle & Co. to the bill
of grievances presented by their mine
workers has complicated matters some
what In the Lehigh region. While con
cessions are maCe to the men, the belief
was general at Hazelton to-night that the
refusal to grant the increase In pay asked
for will not suit the ideas of the men an<5
will induce some of them at least to Join
the strikers* ranks.
._ ~ *
Beyond the incident of the Sheriff dis
persing the strikers the entire coal re
gions were quiet. Few mines were worked
to-day, the strikers' ranks were increased
and no defections were reported.
Rioting In previous miners' strikes
usually resulted from the acts of march
ing bodies of strikers, and the Sheriff,
being apprehensive, is endeavoring to
break up this style of campaigning.
Four of their number were placed under
arrest on the charge of breach of the
peace.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 25.— The
most Interesting development In
the coal strike situation to-day
was the request of another coun
ty for State troops to assist the
mihorltlcs in maintaining order. On Fri
d '- lut the Sheriff of Schuylkill County
asked the Governor for troops and the
request WM prantwj, three regiments of
•¦':¦.• National Guard b^lng sent to that
county.
To-day Sheriff Harvey of I^uzeme Coun
ty notified the Governor that owing to
the night marches of the strikers he could
a< t suarantre the safety of persons and
property and a.«k*»d tliat State troops be
r.- ::t to hip county.
Tb:- Governor after deliberation con
cluded that the situation at present in
I.-izorne did not justify the sending of
State troops there, and he tvill not call
< :t more troops until in his judgment
there Is Fufficient cause therefor. He -will
to-morrow confer further with Sheriff
Harvey on the subject.
The marching strikers in Luzerne Coun
ty before rtayllght this morning- were
quite successful in Retting men to quit
work and Join In the strike. No overt act
vrss committed by them, however, and
ivh« n met by the Sheriff and his deputies
and ordered to disperse they obeyed, the
order. They did so, though In rather a
sullen rsanner and some of them some
what angrily disputed the Sheriffs au
thority to prevent their moving along the
highway.
MAP SHOWING THE STRIKE AREA IN PENNSYLVANIA— FIGURES INDICATE NUMBER OF MEN OUT AT EACH COLLIERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1.900.
Meanwhile the Strikers' Ranks
Are Augmented and More
Collieries Forced to Close.
DESIRES TROOPS TO CHECK MARCHERS
Second Pennsylvania Sheriff
Has Called on Militia to
Lend Assistance.
3
ADVERTISEBEENTS.
CAN'T WEAR THEM OUT
ftl Q5f»
% W % w C/ \j
\ EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED
J Take advantage of thl» offer. Price
, nearly cut In two to Introduce the stock.
' Misses' Kansaroo Kid Button Shoes.
; with square toes and tips, double sol*s
and sprinsr heels: wi.lths C to UK.
sizes 11 to 2. Reduced from tl Zj to
US cents. Every pair warranted.
4 )
J; Something swell for the ladies: Ladies' ',\
', Vicl Kid Lace Shoes, with silk embrold- j!
j ered vestlns tops, new coin toes and ji
J{[ tips. Strictly up to date for style and {>!
]i| finish. Reduced to .'5-.»H> a pair. All V
j'Jj widths ana sizes. y
(| GLORIA SHOE3 FOR LADIES..^S^o \\
I B. KATCHINSKI, ||
j| PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. <;<
!;•! 10 Third St., San Francisco. !<
/fFV W1EN
ll£? '-3S&& LOST VIGOR
7gK xOTTk RESTORED!
MM^tl* Da. cooper & co.,
i?||||X^2£je3«/ San Francisco. Cal.
H), „ - - ¦ jaMaHsnaBBBSKassssMBSMMBmBsaMpAfter the meeting a Republican club was
organized, with J. J. Dolan as president:
Edward Smalley, vice president: Percy
Davis, secretary, and Dr. Gallison, treas
urer.
* Mr. Woods addressed another large
audience in this place this evening. He
opened with a statement of Republican
that Marlposa County— north of the Mer
ced River at least — will give a majority to
the Republican ticket.
principles relative to so-called Imperialism
and dwelt at some length on matters of
local concern, stating that he was in favor
of tho conservation of storm water by the
Federal Government to be used for min
ing, electrical power and irrigation durine
the dry months of summer. The people of
this section are vitally interested in these
questions, and Mr. Woods won many
friends by the able manner In which he
handled them.
TO HI THE RESPONSIBILITY
Cause of Southern California Forest
Fires Will Be Investigated.
I>OS ANGELES, Sept. 25.— The I'nlted
Elates Grand Jury is to be aj-ked by Col
onel B. F. Allen to Investigate the cause
r>f the r*r.ent forest fires In this and San
Bernardino county. Colonel Allen said
to-day that Fuch an investiiratlon was
necessary for the effect it would have in
future. None of the recent fires originated
upon the public domain, which was, how
ever, the preat«»st sufferer by far in all
instances, the Government expending a
large «um in the suppression of the
flames. Civil suits for damages may be
broupht in the I'nlted States court
apalnst those responsible.
SON'S TESTIMONY MAY
CONVICT THE FATHER
Attempt of the Defense in the Zum
walt Murder Trial to Prove
Insanity Receives a
Setback.
PI.ACERVIIvLB. Sept. 25.— Shortly aft
er the Superior Court convened this morn
ing the people rested its case in the Zum
walt murder trial, and the defense during
the day put on ten witnesses to prove the
insanity of the defendant. Three of these
failed "to express an opinion as to Zum
walt'R sanity, but said th^y knew of him
having occasional sick spells. The others
testified that their observations of his
conduct and manner of conversation dur
ing the past few year? convinced them
that at times he was mentally unsound.
On«? of the witnesses on whose testi
mony it was hoped to prove Zu'mwalt in
sane was the prisoner's eldest living s=on,
Henry, but he positively denied any
knowledge of his father having been af
flicted mentally. The attorneys for the
defense then drew from the witnfFS that
he had taken an active interest In the
prosecution.
J. M. Jones swore that H<*nry was at
his house five years ago, when a dispute
occurred between them as to the right of
Julia Zumwalt. who was th<-"n a married
woman, to make homstead entry upon a
certain piece of public land. At that time
Henry d«*clared she had a right to do so,
as she wan the virtual head of the family.
"The old man is crazy and she could
prove it by lots of people," he declared.
Sheridan for State Senatcr.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA. Sept. L5.— The Democratic
Senatorial convention this afternoon
unanimously nominated E. M. Sheridan oi
Santa Barbara County for State Senator
from this district, comprising Santa Bar
bara and Ventura counties. W. E. Shep
herd was chairman and Charles Donlon
secretary of the convention.
DUCKS AND HENS LICENSED TO
ROAM MILL VALLEY'S STREETS
New Ordinance Grants Them the Privileges
of the Town Wlnen They Are
Properly Tagged.
MEDICAL MEN
FIND NEW USE
FOR HYPNOTISM
Hppclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., Sept.
25. — A successful experiment In
hypnotism has Just been accom
plished in Fairhaven. Mrs. Wil
liam Fouty of that city gave birth
to a boy while under hypnotic in
fluence.
This Is the second case of the
kind brought to public notice in this
country. The first experiment oc
curred last April at the sanitarium
of Dr. Herman Nahln, in Chicago,
and the press then published an ac
count, citing It as the first case on
this continent.
Mrs. Ildyc, the nurse of Mrs.
Fouty, said the patient experienced
no suffering-, seemed In full pos
session of her faculties and smil
ingly obeyed the orders of her phy-
NEITHER TEAM SCORES.
Stanford Freshmen Clash With Palo
Alto High School Football Men.
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 25.-
An interesting game of football was
played on the college campus this after
noon between the freshmen and Palo Alto
High School team. During the first half
Stanford had the ball most of the time,
working- their way to Palo Alto's five
yard line, Here they were held and lost
the ball on downs. Palo Alto made thirty
five yards on a fumbled punt and forty
five more by straight-line bucking and
end running. The half ended with the
ball on Stanford's thirty-yard line, neither
side having scored.
Palo Alto had the better of the playing
during the second half. After working
the ball across the field they lost it on
downs on Stanford's twenty-yard 'line.
Stanford punted out of danger and time
was called with the ball In. the center of
the field.
The work of the freshmen was inferior
to that displayed against Hoitt's on Sat
urday. Tarpey, Wiley and Taylor did the
best work for Palo Alto. For Stanford
Clark, Bonsbaeh and Lund will bear men
tion. The teams lined up as follows:
Freshmen. Position. Palo Alto HlRh.
Clark L. E Weatall
I-unt L. T D. Tarpey
Young- I-. G Burke
Uurton C Wlllard
Butterfleld R. O.. Hall
Kennedy R. T Kaiser (Captain)
l'atterson R. E Klmball
Bonsbaeh Q. B Taylor
WissrinR L. IX.... p. Tarpey
Stanford R. H , Wiley
Taylor Full Swain
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILL VALLEY. Sept. ZS.-Mill Valley's Board of Town Trustees last
r.ijrht passed a iiuvel ordinance. All beasts' of the field and birds of the air
that may hereafter chance to roam the streets of the town will do so at their
pt-rll. unions they have a license ta£ costing £0 cents per annum attached to
their anatomy. The humble chicken that has heretofore conquered the
grrawhopper and cast his fleas, without hopin&r for their return, upon the
winding struts of the town will henceforth wear upon his left foreleg a
larpe bras? tag bearing the owner's name and the date of issuance. The er
ratic turkey and the pensive duck must provide themselves with metal tags
showing their right to wander on the public thoroughfare.
It is rumored that a committee of ducks will wait upon Clerk James and
rrqueft that tho'.r tags be made of aluminum, eo as not to interfere with
th«ir aquatic sports. ; ; V
Each member of the goose family will also pay Its 50 cents a year. The
style of taps to b« worn by the geese has not yet been passed upon, gome
favor the necklace, others the bangle and a few believe red garters with 18
karat hrass hucklr-s will be the proper thing.
Hereafter It will cost $3 to get a horse or cow out of the Mill Valley pound
and so luxurious is the table there provided that 52 a day (or $1 a meal) will
be charged as long as they remain there.
Clerk Jones tried to have his salary raised from $50 to $75 per month. It is
oeUeved that the extra labor occasioned by the unique feather license incited
hvm to make the attempt.
Witnesses for the Defense Swear Tnat
He Took Life to Save
His Own.
MORKLIjO HELD FOB
MTTRDEH OF MORENO
Special Dispatch to TheCaJl."
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 25.— The ex
amination of Simon Morello, charged, with
the. murder of Santos Moreno, was'con
cluded before Justice Kgan' to-day and
Morello was held to answer in the Supe
rior Court In the sum of J5000.
Three witnesses were examined for the
prosecution and two brothers of Morello
for the defense. Morello's plea was self
defense and tho evidence of his witnesses
tended to prove that Moreno had threat
ened the life, of himself and a brother
It -was declared that Moreno was- in the
act of reaching for a weapon when Morel
lo fired the fatal shot. A loaded revolver
was found upon the body of Moreno after
the shooting.
Sixth race, purse $io«. of which $35 to second;
two mile hurdle handicap; Qualified hunters
J. J. Moore's b. *. Hunt.«man, 149, gold jacket,
•silver cap; T. C. DriscoH's ch. h. Silverado.
170. oransre and blapk: John Lawson's b. c.
Third rare, purse $73. of which $25 to second:
half mile, for ponies 14.2 and under; weight. 160
pounds; 4 pounds allowed for *ach Inch under
14.2; eentlemen riders— F. J. Carolan's ch. m.
Princess Klavla, blue and white halves; F. J.
Oarolan's b. jc. Three Cheers, blue and white
halves; F. J. Carolan's ch. h. Fusllade. blue
and white halves; C. Dunphy's b. m. Golden
Rod, white, red shields; P. D. Martin's b. m.
Miss K>ss. primrose and olive.
Fourth race. Durs>e $7.".. of which $23 to sec
one: one and n half miles, hurdle: weight, ICO
pounds; 4 rounds allowed for each inch under
14.2: gentlemen riders— John Lawson's b. h.
Blucher. blue and white; P. D. Martin's b. r.
Six Bits, primrose and olive; T. A. Drlscoll's
b. ir. Absinthe, orange and black Jacket and
cap.
Fifth race, purse $75. of which $23 to second:
half mile, for ponies; weight, 110 pound. 1 *— F. J.
Carolan's ch. m. PTinress Flaria, blue anJ
white halves: F. J. Cardan's ch. h. Fusllade.
blue and white halves; F. J. Carolan's b. jr.
Three Cheers, blue and white halves; P. D.
Martin's b. m. Mi?s Moffltt. primrose and olive:
J.- J. Moore's b. m. Lady Betty, gold Jacket,
silver cai).
Second race, purse $75. of which $25 to second:
ono mile, tor ponies 14.2 and under; weight. 180
pounds; i pounds allowed for each Inch und»r
14.2: srentlrmen riders— F. J. Carolan's ch. h.
Fusllarte, blue and white halves; J. J. Moore's
b. m. Lady Betty, sold Jacket, sliver cap; P.
T>. Martin's b. jr. Six Bits, primrose and olive.
First rare, purse $75. of which J2T> to second:
one-ouarter mile for ponies 14.2 and under:
welRht. 160 pounds; 4 pounds allowed for each
inch under 11.2: gentlemen riders— C. Dunphy's
b. s. Golden Rod, white, red shields: F. J.
Carolan's ch. m. Prlnceps Flavla, blue and
white halves; F 1 . J. Carolan's b. g. Three
Cheers, blue and white halves; P. D. Martin's
b. m. Lndy Fern, primrose and olive; J. J.
Moore's b. m. Squaw, gold Jacket, sjlver cap.
The programme to-dav la some more
horse show and the opening of the bench
show and pony and steeplechase racing,
the card of which is as follows:
The polo game was divided into four
periods. The Reds— Charles Dunphy, Tom
D.riscoll and Peter Martin, walked away
from the Whites — John I^awson. Walter
McCreery and F. J. Carolan. The score
was 6" for Red and 1 for White. Dunphy
and Drlscoll divided the points for their
side. F. J. Carolan being the scorer for
the losers.
Then came the saddle horse exhibit.
John Parrott's Padre won from F. J. Car
olan's Diana, who wns made happy with
a red ribbon for his entry in class 109.
The polo ponies held sway frrm this ex
hibition until the close of the day. In
class 118. with the three entries of" J. S.
Tobln withdrawn, Peter D. Martin, on Lit
tle Miss Moffitt, took the honors. F\ J.
Caj-olan. on Sun Beam, was second and
T. A. Drlscoll, on Bob Acres, caught the
white ribbon. This event was for ex
perienced ponies.
For ponies sultnble for polo but un
trained and inexperienced F. J. Carolan's
Flashlight took the red ribbon. Harry A.
Butler's Olngrr the blue. Then came
jumping ponies. F. J. Carolan's pony Gad
fly was the sole stick jumper of them all.
the others balking at the hurdles.
SAN FRANCISCO ha3 had its
horse shows— tanbark ring af
fairs, boxes lined with gayly and
richly dressed women and dress
suited men— but it remained for
the San Francisco and San Mateo Agri
cultural Association to Introduce the nov
elty of an out-door horse exhibit. This
was the feature at Tanforan yesterday,
the concluding event on the programme
being a polo game between rival Burlln
game teams, in reality the most interest
ing of the day's attractions.
Two accidents that had no serious con
sequences supplied the few heart palpita
tions of the second day of the fair. Dur
ing the tandem show John Parrott's team
took fright at the music. The leader be
caino unmanageable, and succeeded in
overturning the rig, spilling the groom
and attendant who -were in the box. No
damage was wrought except to the cart.
During the polo game Charlie Dunphy's
pony suddenly displayed a penitential
frame of mind and dropped on Its knees,
forcing the rider Into some" fancy somer
saults and ground tumbling. A third cas
ualty, the loss of a polo mallet by John
Lawson, summed up the chapter of acci
dents.
The Incidents were a horse show com
mencing at 1:30 p. m. and lasting until
4:30. when the polo game between the
Reds and the Whites was called. The
Reds proved themselves unequivocal vic
tors in a very one-sided score.
First of the horse show was a competi
tion between two roadsters. K. O'Grady's
Guliner was the winner of the blue rib
bon, John Curley's Belle being disquali
fied on account of poor equipment.
Charles Newman's handsome roan team,
Maud Newman and Neerbell, the only en
try In the class, then paraded on the
track. Driven by Newman himself, they
made the best showing of the day. Be
sides giving Newman the blue ribbon, he
was awarded a special prize.
Maggie II, belonging to K. O'Grady,
took the blue ribbon in class 73, for the
best pacing roadsters, three years old or
over. Jn class 78, for novices bred on the
Pacific Coast, another harness event,
Henry J. Crocker, driving Cloverdale,
fook the blue ribbon; Charles Templeton
Crocker's Ben Bolt the red ribbon, and
Moorland, owned by Henry J. Crocker,
tho white ribbon.
Class S7. novice tandem teams for park
use. went to Henry J. Crocker, driving
Cloverdale and Moorland together. Par
rott's. Brigand and Cockade caused their
own undoing and nearly the end of Mr.
Parrott's driver, so they received nothing.
Bessie, a pony hitched to an appropriate
trap, won another blue ribbon for Henry
Crocker. No other pony was entered in
this class. No. 93.
Class 98. pony tandems, brought out
three very swell teams — Chum and Pal
from John Parrott's stables, blue ribbon
winners; Blaze Away and Fiddlesticks,
driven by F. J. Carolan, and a team en
tered by Peter Martin. Carolan received
the red.
Special Dispatch to The Cull.
DTNUBA. Sept. 2.*.— Congressman J. C.
Needham and Hon. M. B. Harris of Fres
no spoKe here to-night. A number of Re
publicans were present from Visalia.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 2."^-But one more
day remains for the resristration of voters
in Los Angeles County. The total regis
tration this morning was 41.SS5, agair.st
40,753 four years ago.
Republican Rnllv at Dinuba. T
X.os Angeles' Registration.
POLO PONIES. ROADSTERS AND SADDLE HORSES CHAMPED AND
CAVORTED ON" TANFORAN TRACK YESTERDAY AFTERNOON
WHILE THE JUDGES WATCHED FOR FINE POINTS.
SACRAMESTO, Sept. 25.— The big barn
on Lenvttt Todhunter's place, a short dis
tance from Washington, Yolo County, to
gether with 250 tons of hay, was destroyed
by fire to-night.
Barn and Hay Burned.
Special IMspatrh to The OalT
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 2T..-The forest flre
which has been raging in the neighbor
hood of Occidental the last few days Is
now rapidly burning Itself out. Latest
particulars from the neighborhood show
that the aggregate loss, while very great,
has been overestimated. The railroad
trestle at Pry Gulch. 100 feet long and 78
feet high, was entirely destroyed. Rall
rond people are rebuilding it from both
ends, but cannot finish it within a week.
A trail has betn cut out and passengers
and baggage are transferred around the
break.
The fire fighters are returning to their
homes bringing In more extended reports
of the damage done. Rancher Welling
was completely burned out. lie lost his
house, barns, fanoing and all the equip
ments of his dairy near Bodega. Spectre
Brothers lost 20,000 gallons of wine and all
the fixtures of their winery. Wenslnger
lost his pasture and fencing. The North
Pacific Coast Railroad's loss probably
will approximate close to $10,000. Several
fmall trestles under which the fire burned
will have to be rebuilt.
?
Dry Gulch Trestle Burned.
was advancing in the direction of Bloom
tleld Is at last under control. This prac
tically puts an end to the big conflagra
tion, which has proved the most disas
trous ever experienced in that section of
the State. Small tires are stljl burning
about Joy's mi!!, the Fuller place and
Green Branch, but it is believed they will
be extinguished without trouble unless a
heavy wind should arise.
BLOOMFIELTJ CUT OF DANGER.
Sonoma County's Great Conflagration
Now Under Control.
Fpecial TMfpatch to The Call.
PETALl'MA, Sept. 25.— The fire which
The fact that two train crows made the
attempt to break through the flames and
were forced to turn back before the en
gineer essayed the task of his own voli
tion adds to the meed of praise he was
won. The sides of his locomotive are
scorched and blackened and the water
car bears the marks of the flames. It
caught fire during the wild 12-mile run
and the engineer, without checking the
speed of his locomotive, crawled back
over the tender and upon the car and
extinguished the flames.
forest to save the big trestle near
Howards, is the hero of the hour in San
Rafael. Except that his face was blis
tered by the heat the daring man shows
no ill effects of his race with the flames.
To-day he was on duty as usual and he
persists in declaring that his feat was
nothing out of the ordinary.
It is rumored that the railroad company
will remember Engineer Smith in a sub
stantial way. The loss of the Howards
trestle would have been a perions one to
the company. When Smith"? engine ar
rived the trestle' was ablaze in a dozen
places and had he not got there just when
he did it would have been totally de
stroyed.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 25.— O. E.
Smith, the engineer who took his
locomotive and a water car
through twelve miles of blazing
Pp^cial Dispatch tr> Tho Call
ENGINEER'S DARING
MAY BE REWARDED
Praises for the Man Who Saved
the Howards Trestle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' MARIPOSA, Sept. 25.— Sam D. Woods,
Republican candidate for Congressman,
opened the campaign in this district at
Coultervllle.last night to the booming of
giant powder and the flare of a great bon
fire. The entire population turned out' to
hear him, crowding the hall, and the la
dies, not to be outdone. Bent bouquets. of
flowers to decorate the speaker's desk.
Mr. Woods spoke for . an hour and a
half, and: the enthusiasm with' which his
remarks were received, was indicative
Sam D. Woods Addresses Republi
cans of Two Towns.
MABJPOSA COUNTY CAMPAIGN.
Sacramento Democrats Settle Senato
rial Fight at Primaries.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 25.— The Demo
crats held their primaries here to-day,
and as the result it Is understood Gillls
Doty will be renomlnated for Senator.
Peter J. Shields had no opposition for Su
perior Judge. There is nothing certain as
to who will be. the nominees for the As
sembly. Willlani McLaughlln had no op
position for Supervisor in the Second Dis
trict, David Ahem won In the Third Dis
trict and Morris Brooke claims to have
defeated P. C. Cohn in the Fourth.
nape and oppression for the people In the
end. He said that the President and his
advisers had aimed a deadly blow against,
tho constitution and the rights of the
people by the Imperialistic methods, they
were pursuing.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 25.— Charles A.
Towne returned to Los Angeles at 5
o'clock and was accorded an informal re
ception at his hotel. This evening at Haz
ard's Pavilion Mr. Towne addressed an
audience of 4000 people, his remarks being
attentively listened to and frequently ap
plauded. He touched upon the various is
sues of the campaign, but devoted the
major part of his speech to Imperialism.
"Bryan." he said, "will carry every
State he won four years ago, also Mary
land, Delaware, Kentucky, West Virginia.
Indiana and Illinois. He has an excellent
prospect of carrying New York and Mich
igan, with Wisconsin and Minnesota in
the favorable column."
California, he said, was undoubtedly for
Bryan.
. , _- ? — : —
DOTY WHX BE NOMINATED.
Arraigns the Administration for Its
Philippine Policy.
Special Dis.oatch to The Call.
RIVERSIDE, Sf-pt. 25.-Charles A.
Towne, the Silver Republican leader, ar
rived in this city this afternoon and spoke
to a Inrije crowd on the street. Mr.
Towne's speech throughout was a severe
arraignment of the administration and
Its policy. He devoted the greater part
of his talk to the question of Imperialism
and said that it meant a campaign of car-
TOWNE TALKS AT RIVERSIDE.
Gatos.-
Pupervlsors— Second District, Harvey Swlck
ard of Edenvale; Third District, J. M. Town-
Bend; Fifth District,- Dr. Knowles of Log Gatos
Senator. Thirty-flrst District— "W. P. Lyon of
Eden vale.
Annemblymen — Fifty-fourth District, Ell
Wright: Fifty-fifth District. John G. Jury:
Fifty-alxth District, George S. Walker of Los
Candidates Chosen by Santa Clara
Good Government League.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 25.— The voters of San
ta Clara County will not lack for tickets
and nominees at the coming election.
There are now five full county and legis
lative tickets In the Held, that put up by
the Republican Good Government League
to-day being the last named. The tickets
now before the people aro those of *the
regular .Republican, the Democratic. th«
Prohibition and the Socialist parties and
the Good Government League. .
Judge A. L. Rhodes of Department 3 of
the Superior Court Is the nominee of all
the parties but the Socialist. Aside from
this, however, there are only two other
cases of Indorsement— G. S. Walker for
Assemblyman In the Fifty-sixth District
and Dr. F. W. Knowles for Supervisor in
the Fifth District. Both are nominees of
the Republicans and the Good Govern
ment League and both reside at Lcs
Gatos. The Republican Good Government
League met In adjourned session to-day
to nominate a ticket. The refusal of the
Democrats yesterday to fuse evidently
rankled in the breasts of pome of the dele
gates, for from the start they refused to
consider any of the Democratic nominees
Judge J. R. Lewis presided as chairman.
There was a good attendance of delegates.
Aside from a slight objection that arose
from nominating G. S. Walker of Los
Gatos for Assemblyman in the Fifty-sixth
District, the convention •worked In per
fect order. Some of the delegates thought
that as Walker had taken a nomination
from the regular Republicans, he should
not be nominated. Walker is a member
of the league and It was finally agreed
to accept him.
The following ticket was then named:
Superior Judge— A, It. Rhodes, who Is also
the nominee of the regular Republicans and
Il.mi^rnts. •
RIVERSIDK. Sept. 25.-Samuel M.
Shortridge, tho Republican orator, opened
the campaign in this city this evening at
Ixjring Opera-house. The meeting was
one of the largest, and most enthusiastic
ever held during a political campaign
here. The speaker made an excellent ad
dress and handled the Issues of the cam
paign in. a masterful and convincing man
ner. He was frequently interrupted by
applause. Captain M. J. Daniels acted as
chairman of the meeting, introducing Mr.
Shortridge.
Mr. Shortridge first spoke of the tariff,
question, which he declared was ono of
the greatest of present issues and one that
the orange growers of this city had every
reason to be watchful of. He declared
that the tariff was the salvation of the
country and that if It had not been for
the Dingley bill the country's finances
would to-day he in as bad shape as when
Cleveland left the White House four years
ago. A substantial tariff, one that would
protect the industries of the country, wan
essential to the welfare ot the nation.
The next subject taken up was the cry
of "imperialism," which he characterized
as nothing more or less than a nightmare
— a bluff Invented by the Bryan followers
to hoodwink voters and 10 prevent them
seeing tho real issues that most concerned
them.
Mr. Shortridge said that the policy of
the administration in the Far East waJ
one that could not have been avoided.
The country had purchased the Philip
pines—and that. too. with the consent o*
Air. Bryan — and now it was holding what
belonged to it.
The trust problem was discussed at
some length. Mr. Shortridge referred to
the combination of orange growers, which
he said was thought to be all right, even
by Democratic orange growers, doubtless
because they profited from it.
The speech was well received and will
add strength to the party here. It will
do much toward increasing the vote for
the Congressional nominee. J. C. Need
ham, who, Mr. Shortridge said, was Jus:
the man for the position he held. '
NOMINATES A FUIX TICKET.
Democracy's Attempt to Cloud the
Real Issues of the Campaign
Denounced by the San
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MAKES VOTES FOR NEEDHAM
Enthusiastic Gathering Ad
dressed by Samuel M.
Shortridge.
BIG RALLY OF
REPUBLICANS
AT RIVER SIDE
SAX JOSE. Sept. 2j.— Five suits involv
ing important water rights were com
menced in the Superior Court to-day. Th»j.
first is In the name of the people of tr.a
State, on the relation of Carlos W. Slack.
a rcprcnt of the University of California,
vs. the Spring Valley Water Company, the
Manzanlta Water Company ami thr» trus
tees of the Iceland Stanford Jr. Univer
sity and Mrs. Jane Stanford, and in tho
other suits the plaintiffs are the E?ar
Gulch Water Company, Charles N. Fel
ton. EHza J. Orecr and Mary O"Brien.
with the same defendants.
The first action Is to dissolve the M&n
zanita. Water Company organized bv tfcs
late Senator Stanford and afterward sold
to the Spriner Valley Water Company,
with a reservation in favor of the Univer
sity and surrounding farms. The writer
was drawn from the Corte de Madre ami
San Francipquito creeks.
Each of the other suits Is to restrain
the Spring Valley Wat^r Company from
erecting or maintaining any dams across
the two. creeks or from divert! nff their
waters. The University of California is
an interested party because of Its prop
erty. Including the Flood homestead at
Menlo Park, acquired by gift from Miss
Jennie Flood, and a three-quarter Interest
In the Bear Oulch Water Company, which
supplies San Mateo and Redwood City.
The claims set up are based on alleged,
riparian rights.
Judge Slack in an interview to-day said
that the suits were not aimed against
Stanford University, but against the al
leged aggressions of the Sprine Valley
Company.
Michaels Defeats Pierce
HARTFORD. Conn.. Sept. 23.— Th© 20
mile paced race between Jimmy Michaels
and Burns Pierce was won by Michaels
by six laps, or one mile, at the Veiodromo
track here to-night. Time. .14:10*4.
Litigation Involving the Supply
From Creeks in the Vicinity of
the Land Donated by Mis3
Jennie Flood.
ASKS FOR RESTRAINING ORDER
State University's Action
Against Spring Valley
Company.
REGENT SLACK
FILES SUIT FOR
WATER RIGHTS
MONTEBET, Sept. 25.— Mrs. Mary E.
Danl, wife of Albert Dani. a prominent
rancher of this county, committed suicide
by taklne poison yesterday at her home
thirty miles south of Monterey. She had
been in ill-health. She leaves husband
and. two chlluren.
Handler's Wife Takes Poison.
STOCKTON. Sept. 25.-LOU19* Mun
day, who formerly resided In Stockton
but of late has been in Fresno and San
Jose, took strychnine this evening after
writing a farewell letter to his wife, and
died in a few minutes. The cause of the
ect 1b not known. Munday called at the
home of a lady whom he knew and ask*»d
that he he permitted to write a letter.
While she was out of the room he took
the poison.
Ends His Life With Strychnine.
Andrew Hicks was born In 1*2'). He was
sn influential citizen of Pajaro and prom
inent in Grand Army circles. The funeral
t^ 111 take place to-morrow.
SAUNAS, Sept. 25.— Andrew H. Hicks,
one ..f the oldest residents of Monterey
County and an early pioneer of California;
shot and killed himself this morning at
Wf home in Pajaro. There were no wit
r.esses to the tragedy. The old gentle
man was found cold in death by F. A
Mauk. 1n a woodshed in the rear of
his dwelling. He had blown out his brains
with a shotR-un.
Brains With a Shotgun
Fpet ial Dlspatdl to The Call.
PAJARO PIONEER'S SUICIDE
Andrew H. Hicks Blows Out His
The dead ph; sinsn was one of the best
known men in the northern part of the
Ptnt* end had sJwavfi taken an active
part in public affairs. He came here about
twenty-five ye.irs atro and always haa
great fpfth in the future of the Sacra
mento Valley. At one time lie was the
owner of laree trie's of land in Yolo
rnunty. but they gradually slipped away
from him. He -v^nt into the cattle raising
business on an extensive scale a few years
pfro and brought to this coast one of tho
f.nen h« rds of Polled Angus cattle ever
sfen her*. For ¦ number of vears he had
hwn a prominent member of the Repub
lican party. an«l a few year? ago rail as an
independent candidate for State Senator,
but was defeated. In 1<W5. when the silver
ou^stion wns the main issue in the Presi
dential fieht. he wis» an ardent supporter
of William J. Hryan. and even since then
he had been a silver Republican.
Dr. Dixcn was bom in Chittenden Coun
ty. Vermont, <*nd was f.2 nan of ape. He
»?s the srn of liev. H. H. Dixon. a Pres
byterian minister, who emigrated to Wis
consin in 1ST.2. He was at one time a mem
ber of the Board of Health of this city
and also of the State Board of Health.
A number of ye-jrs ago he wa? president
of the California Homeopathic Medical
Society.
Dr. Dixon's wife and daughter. Mrs.
William Skeols of this city, say that his
domestic life was exceedingly happy and
that at no time had he ever intimated
That he would tak<» his life. Close friends
of the physician say that hi? business af
fairs were not in such condition as would
justify him in relieving himself of all
earthly cares. Dr. Dixon has another
<iaus*t*>r. Mis= <\irol Dixon. rosidir*? In
Fr».n rrsnrioro for her health.
I»r. Dixon had been interested in a num
ber of business affaire during the last few
years, but the financial results In nearly
•very Instance liad lioen anything but en
rouraglnR. His last venture was the ef
fcrt to perfect a new ball -bearing huh for
buggies. He jnv<'su-d money In the scheme
and it proved a failure.
Dr. r»1xrn loft h<->mo at daybreak to
rr.ak** one or two professional calls. He
returned about B o'clock and shortly afUr-
Tvar«i repaired to his bedroom. He had
not been there lor.jj when his wife wns
startled by the report of a phot. Neigh
bors were summoned, and on entering the
bedroom they found the doctor lying «n
the flriflr in a pool of blood. To make suc
cessful the effort to destroy himself he
had f=ton<1 before the mirror of a bure.nu
as h<> fired the fatal shot. Drs. G. I*, and
S. E. Simmons were called in. but Dr.
iiixon ceased to breathe shortly after
their arrival. The hull»t had pissed
thro-jch his head and imbedded Itself In
Th* wall.
SArKAMENTO. S^pt. 25.— Dr. George
M. Pixon. one of the best known physi
cian* in this rity. committed suicide this
morning: by Fh^otitip himself through the
temple Tvith a irvolvpr. The tragedy oc-
at hi? residence at 927 M street.
Worry over financial reverses Is believed
tn hivo led to the act.
f=P*c!ol Pi^patch to Thf Call
T7as Prominent in Republican Cir
cles Formerly and at One Time
Served on the State Board
of Health.
LOST IN BUSINESS VENTURES
Tragic Passing of the. Well-
Known Sacramento
Physician.
DR. GEORGE M.
DIXON DIES BY
HIS OWN HAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2G, 1900.
Henry Croeker Wins Majority o
XjVC/IIIO 111 XjyvlllUlUOt
POLO AND HORSE
SHOW AT TANFORAN
O. E. SMITH. THE NORTH PACTFIC COAST ENGINEER. WHO TOOK
HIS LOCOMOTIVE THROUGH TWELVE MILES OF BLAZING FOR
EST TO PREVENT THE DESTRUCTION OF A TRESTLE.
•
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~SENf7REEJ0~^1ENT~
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigo?
to Men.
A Free Trial Paekagre Sent toy Mall
to AH Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most reirarkn-
ble remedy are heini; mailed to all -who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental ami
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a homo treatment, and all men whi>
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts ca.a now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location. Riving strength,
and development just where It is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In,
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 32S Elektron buildlner. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire or^«
of their free trial packages, will be coraF
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample win enable them
to see how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will ba
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so th.it its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or puh-
llcity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
visit OR- JORDAN'S great 4
»MUSEUH Or &KAT09Y?
$ C$ l£5l mm? 37. at. s* a?a. ctUi. )
X fcjf e IJt"' Anatomical Museum in the \
W -m J»C— v World- \> ei*ncr-o» cr any contracted «
X. Jsn iiif «« pc^ii;<rl7 cured rr tht o!it« \
V I.SjQ ipe'J^istcnt^Cout Esi^yaar* $
£ CSS! DR - WRDAH-PR1VATS CiSEAStS «
i PqXtJ 1 ConTulr»tk>n fr-« and *trir;!y pr-.var- \
Si MT& Tr. itmen». personally or bv l-t:er. A A
if] l|, > Write for Book. mil.OSOraVtf A
W ¦ II |1* stinoMcic, mailed fxss. uf
A fl £J, valuable book for mrn> \
? »»- 1OKDAX «fc CO.. XS1 UarfcetSt..a F. 9
Ean Francisco. Aap. 33, 1000.
B*3525a To Whom If Mar Concern:
f This Is to certify that 1 hav*
'feC 3 been suffertns for several years
lir* 9' * P* st ? nm disordered itomaeii.
lC .1 " liver and kidney*. In addition.
iWwiN 1 became almost totally blind.
I was und'r the rare ri tha
/&j/.;)f. : -£\\+ roost eminent oculists in th;s
*9*vuJJkJii* city for about three years. I
wma not benefited In the least by their treat-
ment. I have tx^n under the treatment of Vr.
Won* Woo, 7*4-«« Clay street, for the past six
weeks, and though I am now 74 years of ;i<-- mr .
¦Ight has been restored through Ms treatment
of tba stomach, and I feel as well as at any
time durlns the past ten years.
JOa E. WATKESS.
SS3 Third street. S. F.. (Ml.
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOP.LaVER.LU\GS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTOKAT1VB. LNVIGuRa-
*tor and Nervine.
Toe most wonderful aphrodisiacs ant! S?ec!ai
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of tha Kid-
neys and Bladdsr. Sells on Us own merits.
NADIR, ALF3 & BRUNE. Agents.
ta M*rk«t st.. S. F.— <3end for Circular.*
«»_- CH'CHKTCB.8 ENGLISH
pENHVROYAL PILLS
sCT_!&?a —,.¦• Lv* * n<1 ">«*-:!<, twit.. «.»>»
13^ Swi n,? -** riblM>^- J»ke no other. Refa**
L W l!T2?L £"' Si *°° r *>n»«jcln. or «cn t 4«. ia
»•»«•» %au pm»«T. J(aCU*a 8««ax«, faiLA-. 1*2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
y^M^*> KmjSl SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
''^11111^^ ' / /7 ESTABLISHED ML
V^¥ffiwv *^^*WiW//y tPnslve Practice. Consultation
itf&ma. JW^^wV (^PSff^ '//s^ weakn '""' w " hlch accompanies It.
7%([i§3\ S. l/l \^y^®s!y^S§3iL /^^^^- Patlontu may pay whfn well or
Z^sff \S^ Sv -y| V??'' ln montll1 -y installments, fin me
tt^l' A x>xt iiy J *tey^ET"^Jr^-/<^ : " cures a specialty. Private book
<n. HI «» .ffCi' —^SiSIJ' ft£>— vlfi«55s^ spondenc* confidential.
ELEVATOR ryQ A MARKET STREET, 'Honw-t'to 5. Daily.
ENTRANCE. /Oi san francisco. 2S5£V££LAST DAY FOR
REGISTRATION
»
Registrar Walsh estimates that there are at least 2500 citizens who have
not yet registered, and as to-day is the last day for registration he has made
extensive preparations for the expected crush at the Registrar's office. He
says he is fully prepared to register that number of voters with dispatch, and
will keep the office open from 8 a. m. until midnight to-do It. A force of fifty
clerks will be on hand to take depositions.
~\Valsh bases his estimate on a comparison with the registration of 1S98,
which was 72,000. The natural increase should raise the figures to 74,000. The
total registration up to and including last evening is 71.500. leaving 2500 yet to
be enrolled. The registration at the City Hall was 60,500, while the precincts
returned about 11,000.
Steamboat Inspectors Captains Bolles
and Bulger held an investigation -yester
day in the matter of the collision of the
river steamboat Dauntless with two gaso
line launches in the San Joaquin River
about ten days ago. Nothing new was
elicited, the evidence being as already
published, that the launches ran into the
steamer. The inspectors took the matter
under advisement.
Dauntless Collision Investigated.
A petition for the dissolution of th*
Santa Clara Valley Railway Company
was filed yesterday by the board of direct
ors, Andrew Racca, H. W. Gpodall, H. P
Thayer. A. L. Piper. R. J. R. Aden. Alfred
E. Pryor and Charles A. Shurtleff.
Railroad Company Dissolve*.
An application for a writ of prohlbliton
against Superior Judge Troutt was filed
in the Supreme Court yesterday by Attor
neys Wright & Lukens in behalf of
Thomas C. Kierulff. attorney and execu
tor of the estate of the late Susanna
Brown. Kierulff wants the Supreme Court
to decide that Judge Troutt has not the
right to compel him to divulge informa
tion which ne received from deceased
while acting as her attorney. Attorney
Kierulff Hied what purported to be the
last will of the decedent, which was dated
December 13. 1S93. Katherine Nowland, an
Interested party, demanded that the at
torney disclose the contents of the will
made September 7, 1S94, and the petitioner
declines to do so on the ground that it
was a confidential communication.
Writ of Prohibition Filed.
Quarter.
The Board of Police Commission met
last night and considered the cases of two
offending policemen and before adjourn
ing signified its Intention of closing up
the low saloons along Dupont street and
Grant avenue. Policeman Erastus Hart
ley, who showed up late for duty, was
fined $100. Policeman Frank McGrayan,
who was found asleep on his beat, was
fined $10. He excused himself on the
ground that two days before his offense
he had been Injured in stopping a run
away and was so weakened and weary
that he could not keep awake.
When the consideration of liquor li
censes came up the Thalia Music Hall
people were called up and granted a li
cense for the next quarter, but were told
that they must close their place at the
end of that time. The board will meet
again at 5:30 o'clock next Monday night,
when It will act as a pension board.
the End of the Next
Thalia Music Hall to Be Closed at
COMMISSIONERS PUNISH
RECALCITRANT OFFICERS
Greenville. "Wednesday. September 26; Quln
ey. Thursday. September 27; Siprraville, Fri
day. September 2S; Sierra City, Saturday, Sep-»
tember 23, 2 p. m. : Downlevillc, Saturday. Sep
tember 23; Red Bluff, Tuesday, October 2; Red
ding, Wednesday. October 3; Yreka. Thursday,
October 4; Fort Jones. Friday. October 5: Sis
eon, Scturday. October 6; Woavervillx, Tues
day. October 9; San Rafael, Saturday. October
13; call for Humboldt, Monday, October IS; re
turn to Saa Rafael, Tuesday, October 23;
Frank L.. Coombs, Republican nominee
for Congress in the First District, opened
his campaign -it Susanville last night. His
tour represents the following engagements
to speak:
On motion of William Denman the chair
was instructed to appoint a committee on
purity of election and one on vacancies.
On the former committee he appointed A.
G. Maguire, Max Popper, Dr. T. B. "W.
LolanJ. hi. C. Hassett_and Thomas W.
Hlckey. As the committee on vacancies
he named R. V. Whiting, J. F. Renault,
C. H. Murphy. "Emil Pohll and John Fen
nell. •
Its work being ended the convention
then adjourned.
Coombs' Campaign.
Thomas W. Hlckey took the platform to
name a candidate, "who as an equalizer
will be unequa'.ed." He nominated Hull
McClaughry. Nominations were closed
und the secretary cast the ballot for Mc-
Claughry.
Curtis Hillyer moved that the conven
tion take a recess of fifteen minutes and
that the delegates organize as a district
convention to nominate a member of the
Board of Equalization. R. F. O'Nell, who
held a proxy In the Thirtieth District,
objected to a recess. He said the nomina
tion was "all settled, anyway," and he
did not see the necessity of wasting time
In a recess. William Denman explained
the legal necessity for organization as a
district convention and the recess was
taken for that purpose.
J. W. Shanahan of the Forty-third Dis
trict stated that J. J. McGuire had been
nominated for Assemblyman without his
knowledge or consent, and that he refused
to accept. The delegates had chosen
Eustace Cullinan as their nominee. «
A. G. Maguire announced that William
J. Eagan, the original nominee for Sena
tor from the Twenty-first District, had
declined the nomination, and that the
delegates had met again and chosen As
semblyman William E. White as the can
didate.
The work of the caucus being completed
Chairman Bartlett called the convention
to order. J. F. Renault reported the re
sult of the caucus.
After Ward's speech an enthusiastic del
egate from the Thirty-ninth District in
troduced their candidate for Assembly
man, W\ T. McClain. Mr. McClain, also
a young man, said that he had had hia
picture taken that afternoon for the first
time In his life and had then gone to work
to secure votes.
Louis H. Ward, the nominee. Is a grad
vate of St. Man's College, class of '95.
and was admitted to practice law before
the Supreme Court two years and a half
ago. He is the youngest of all the can
didates for Senator. He is a deputy In
District Attorney Bylngton's office.
and after cheers for him and for each of
the districts the newly chosen candidate
was called upon for a speech. He prom
ised to work hard to secure election. He
said he believed in the nomination of
young men. which Is natural in view of
the fact that he is but twenty-four years
old, and referred to the noted Nebraskan
at the head of the ticket as a young man.
He didn't call him "Williams Jennings
Bryan" nor "William J. Brennings." Hi3
version of It was "James Jennings
Bryan."
By Inadvertence the name of Arthur
Flske was omitted from the list of Re
publican nominees for. the Assembly a^s
published In yesterday's Call. Mr. Fiske
was nominated by the delegates of the
Thirty-seventh Assembly District.
Arthur Fiske Nominated.
The Thirty-first Assembly District Kahn
Club met last evening at Trades Hall and
appointed committees to look after the In
terests of Julius Kahn in each precinct
of the district. Brief addresses were made
by Charles H. Long and John Thomas.
Kahn's Campaign.
Healdsbur*, Tuesday, October 23; Uklah.
Wednesday. October 24; Cloverdale. Thursday.
October 23; Sebaetor>ol, Friday. October 2fi-
Santa Rosa. Saturday, October 27; Petaluma
Monday. October 29; Sausallto. Tuesday. Octo
ber 30; Tomales, Wednesday. October 31; Calls
toira. Thursday, November 1; Sonoma. Friday
November 2; St. Helena. Saturday. November
3: Xai^a. Monday. November 5.
Continued From Page Ona>
FIVE CANDIDATES WORTHY
OF SUPPORT AT THE POLLS
Written opposition to the account of
Fariuel R. Crooks, as guardian of the
person end estate of Annie T. Crooks,
¦tva.s filed yesterday by Annie T. Crooks.
In her opposition paper Miss Crooks
charges her father with having received
from the trust property In his hands mon
* ys amounting: to $1115 So, on which he
made improper and incorrect return. She
also says he included sums in his sched
ule of disbursements which he did not
expend for her or at her request. The
rase will be heard to-day.
Objects to Father's Account.
Fortieth District 6
Forty-first District : 6
Forty-second Dhtrict 5
Forty-third District 4
Forty-fourth District 4
Forty-fifth District 3
There is hereby appointed a committee con
sisting of W. S. Scott, D. J. O'lirien. Peter
Kelly, John Jackson, Thomas Kendrlck, Peter
Hammond and Charles H. Forbes, to be known
as the primary election committee. Said com
mittee is hereby . granted full and complete
power and authority to hold and supervise the
primary election for delegates to. said con
vention, and shall act for and in. the place and
instead of this county committee in all mat
ters relating to said primary election, and
thereafter in making all necessary arrange
ments for the proper conducting of said Citi
zens' Rerubllcan convention.
Now. therefore, be it resolved by the Prl
rriery Election Committee of the Citizens' Re
publican party, appointed as above stated. That
a primary election of the Citizens' Republican
party is hereby called, to be held at the time
and in the manner hereinafter set forth.
An enrollment of the members of the Citizens*
Republican party In each of the eighteen As
rcmbly Districts of San Francisco shall be held
upon Wednesday, September 26, 1900. from 7 to
10 o'clock p. m.. at the places and under the
supervision of the following named primary
election Inspectors:
2Sth District. P. J. Kelly. 4214 Harrison
street; 29th District. W. S. Scott. Winchester
Hotel; 30th District. Frank Darling. 4 Fal
mouth street; 31st District, Peter Hammond,
1314 Harrison street: Sid District. Eben P.
Tice, Alabama and 16th streets: 33d District,
Thomas Kendrlck. 1202 Treat avenue; 31th Dis
trict. John Jackson. 336C 17th street; 35th Dis
trict, John Rutherford, 443 Bartlett street; 36th
District. Charles F. Daley, 224 Dny street; 37th
District. Joseph McOnalde. 35.". Halght street;
3M1T District, D. J. O'Brien. 624 Orove street:
3?th District. A. G. Knight. 71* Leavenworth
street; 40th District. A. Fromberg, 1701 Geary
Ktreet; 41st District. Charles II. Long, 1S10
Union street: 42d District, M. J. Dunn. 130
Kddy street: 43d District. A. F. Collins. 15
Powell street; 44th District. D. F. Crowley. 1326
Stockton street: 45th District. R. P. Clement. IS
Montgomery street.
That said rolls shall be returned to this Com
mltte« not later than Thursday, September 27,
1500, and thereupon the duly appointed primary
election officers shall deliver to e.Ach member
of the party signing said -roll a primary elec
tion ballot, who shall designate thereon his
choice for delegates to said Citizens' Republican
Convention from his Assembly District, anil re
turn the said ballot to this Committee at its
headquarters. No. 916 Market street, room 24.
This Committee shall, upon Friday. Septem
ber 28. 1900, at 8 o'clock p. m.. declare the polls
closed and thereafter no ballots will be re
ceived. Immediately upon the closing of the
polls raid primary election committee, which
is hereby constituted a Primary Election Board
for such purpose, shall t>roee»d to count and
tally the ballots received and declare the re
sult of said primary election. >: ; ,
Not later than Saturday, September 23.- 1900,
this Committee shall mail to each delegate so
elected, at his place of residence, credentials
and notice of the time and place of the meet
ing of said Citizens' Republican Convention.
By order of the Primary Election Committee
of the Citizens" Republican party.
"W. S. SCOTT. Chairman. t
CHAS. H. FORBES, Secretary.
Thirtieth District 3
Thirty-first District 3
Thirty-second District 3
Thirty-third District 4
Thirty-fourth District 5
Thirty-fifth District 4
Thirty-sixth District 6
Thirty-seventh District 6
Thirty-eighth District 5
Thirty-ninth District 6
Whereas. At a meeting of the County Com
mittee.of the Citizens' Republican party, duly
called and held upon the 6th day of September,
1900, a call was Issued by said committee for a
Judicial and legislative nominating convention
of the Citizens' Republican party, eaid call
belnr in the words and flgureB following:, to
wit:
Call for a Citizens' Republican Judicial and
Legislative nominating convention.
The Citizens' Republican County Committee
of the city and county of San Francisco, rep
resenting the political organization known as
the Citizens' Renubllcan party, having met to
call' a convention of its members, takes this
opportunity to declare our devotion to the po
litical nrlnclDles outlined and advanced in the
platform of the national Republican convention
&nd to plcds^ our* unswcrvinjj support to the
Krj-ublican candldatpp.
A convention of the Citizens' Republican
party of the city and county of San Francisco.
State of California. Is hereby called to be held
in the said city and county of San Francisco,
on Monday, the 1st day of October, 1900, to
nominate candidates for the following public
offices that are to be filled by election in said
city and county of San Francisco, at the gen
eral election which is to be held on Tuesday.
November 6, 1900:
Four Judges Superior Court, full term; one
Judge Superior Court, unexplred term; five.
Justices of tho Peace; State Senator in each
of the Seventeenth. Nineteenth. Twenty-first.
Twenty-third and Twenty-fifth Senatorial dis
tricts; member of the Assembly In each of the
eighteen Assembly districts located in said
city and county of San Francisco.
Said convention shall be an organized assem
blage of delegates elected at a primary elec
tion representing raid Citizens' Republican
party of the city and county of San Fran
ci c co.
. The apportionment of delegates to said con
vention »hall be: In each Assembly district in
said city and county of San Francisco, one
tfelorate for "each 400 votes cast for Joseph S.
Spear Jr., the Presidential elector i nom
inated for this party in 1896, and one additional
delegate for each fraction of 200 votes or over.
The apportionment of delegates to each As
sembly district under the call shall be as fol
lows:
Twenty-eighth District 3
Twenty-ninth District 3
CITIZENS' REPUBLICAN PARTY
PRIMARY ELECTION.
It is probable that the bosses will hold
a meeting either to-day or to-morrow and
decide upon some line of action to meet
the demand of their drivers. Some there
are who consider the circular sent out to
be only a feeler, inasmuch as it bore no
signature, stamp or mark to Indicate
whence it emanated.
To this circular the boss teamsters are
disposed to pay but little attention Just at
present. They say the time is too short
to make the sought-for concessions, and,
further, that the great majority of dray
men and teamsters have yearly contracts
with merchants and shippers which have
been made under existing conditions. To
change these at such short notice would
be a direct loss to either the merchant or
the hauler. Terms and competition are
so close that any figures increasing the
rate of hauling would go far to upset the
relations existing between merchants and
consumers. The demanded increase of
wages must be borne by some persons if
insisted on. It follows that the consum
ers must be called upon to meet the loss,
for as It now stands the haulers cannot
afford to lose it, as they are down to the
lowest margin of expense.
It is to correct this and to have one
uniform scale of wages that the whole
subject matter was)' referred to a commit
tee of the brotherh6od with power to draw
lines between employers and drivers
which would be fair to both.
The following is the scale as adopted
and approved by the organization:
SAN" FRANCISCO, Sept. . 17. 1900.
V>'e, the Brotherhood of Teamstere of San
Francisco, demand wages' at following rates:
Four-horse truckmen, at $3 50 per day; two
horse truckmen, at $3 per day; one-horse truck
men, at ?2 £0 per day; fruit teamsters. In sea
fen, at $20 per week; wagons or 5 tons capacity
and over, at {3 per day; wagons of 2Vi tons ca
pacity to 5 tons, $2 &u per day; wagons of 1
ton capacity to 2H tons, $2 per day; wagons
of 1 ton capacity and less. $10 per week. Work-
Ing hours to be from 6 a. m. to 6 p. m. Over
time — Four-horse truckmen, per hour, 75 cents;
two-horse truckmen, per hour, GO cents; one
horse truckmen, per hour, 3o cents; wagons of
5 tons and over, per hour, 50 cents; wagons of
24r,to 5 tons, per hour, 35 cents; wagons of 1
to 2% ton?, per hour, 35 cents; wagons of less
than one ton, per hour, 20 cents; fruit team
sters, after 6 p. m., per hour, 50 cents; work
ing Sundays and holidays, time and a half;
taking care of teams on holidays, day's pay;
taking out team any part of day, day's pay.
To take effect Monday, October 1, 10W.
With the teamsters the trouble is not
so difficult of adjusting as it may seem on
the face of the circular. The majority of
employers are paying almost as much as
is asked. The real trouble seems to be in
the hours of work without any allowance
for overtime.
Concessions must be made between the
men who own trucks, drays and wagons
and the men who drive them before next
Monday or there will be Idle horses, un
employed drivers and freight unmoved.
This condition of affairs is brought about
by the action of the Brotherhood of
Teamsters, a new organization of the
men who crack the whips. This organi
zation, which was formed last month,
boasts of having 1400 members enrolled,
and all of them are said to be unionized
to the extent that if the terms of the at
tached circular which was placed in the
hands of every man who owns a wagon
and who does hauling for hire are not
complied with there will be a general
clash.
Drive Them.
of Vehicles and the Men Who
Clash Imminent Between the Owners
TEAMSTERS DE^LAIH)
MORE LIBERAL TERMS
BELIEVING she had lost her place
la the affections of the man she
loved Mrs. Eva Suydam, whose
home is at the Hotel Suther
land, at the comer of Sutter and
Jones streets, attempted to end her life
yesterday afternoon by inhaling chloro
form. Although 6he had meditated her
desperate step for a n-.onth or more and
had made every arrangement to assure
the success of her plan she was saved at
almost tho last moment by occupants of
the room next to hers, who were attracted
to her apartments by her groaning and
heavy breathing. She was tak^n at once
to the Receiving Hospital and there, af
ter the usual restoratives had been ap
plied, she rallied and will soon be able
to make the second attempt, which she
threatens.
Mrs. Suydam was once well known in
San Francisco society. She was the wife
of William H. Suydam, at one time freignt
agent on this coast for the Union Pacitlc
Railroad. A year ago she divorced him
because of his attentions to a Mrs. Leo
core Markburjrh and he was transferred
to one of the Eastern offices of the com
panv. Five months ago she met George
II. fc>icks?on, a voung man in the employ
of the C. C. iloore Company, boiler
makers, at 32 First street, and became
infatuated with him. Dickson had then
been a widower but a month and ap
parently yearned for sympathy. He found
ft in Mrs. Suydam and up to a month ago
their affections grew. Then Oickson sud
denly displayed a change of demeanor.
He became cold and called less frequently
The woman did all in her power to
shield the man who has scorned her. She
refused at first to give his name, but
when it was obtained from other sources
she was compelled to admit their inti
macy. Her preparations for suicide were
most elaborate. She procured a two-ounce
bottle of chloroform ind, lying down on
her bed, saturated a piece of cotton with
the drug and laid it across her face. Over
this she laid a cloth, also saturated, and
then pulled the bedclothes over her head.
She was unconscious when found.
"Ever since we were divorced," said she,
"my husband and his friends have hound
ed me and done their utmost to ruin my
reputation. When tiiey found that I was
friendly with Mr. Dlckson they went to
him and from that time his feeling toward
me changed. Nothing 1 could say made
any difference and I became desperate
and blue. Things have always gone
wrong with me and I was tired of it all
and wanted to die. I thought at first I
would jump off a ferry-boat and then
to keep myself from doing that I had my
little son brought to the hotel where I
was staying. Yesterday mornlnpr I went
to George's room, at the Ashworth anil
had breakfast there with him. He had
promised to see me the night before, but
had not kept his promise, and when 1 saw
him yesterday morning I said all the un
kind things I could think of. He kiss,ed
me good-by kindly and sent me away
and then I went back to my rooms to end
it all. I did not succeed this time, but
I will the next. I don't want to live and
I will not."
to see her. She demanded a reason and
the rest of the story Is best told In her
own words.
Eagagement
The greatest of circus talent and the
f.nest rnenaeerle ever la Baa Francisco
can be seen here to-<iay for the last time.
X raatlne* and an evening performance
will ¦wind up the remarkably successful
engagement of Rirxgllng Bros.' great cir
cus in this city.
Lovers of circus performances In San
Francisco vrho for the last eight days
have availed themselves of the opportu
nity of witnessing this mammoth affair
are as one In praising the excellence of
the entire programme. No finer collection
of animals has ever b**en shown In this or
Bny other country and the many acts are
thrilling and wonderful. The immense
t^nt when filled holds an audience of 12.
000 people, and at each and every per
formance elven In this city hundreds have
been turned away.
Hatoes a^d Evening Perform nnca
Will End a Host Successful
T.ART 3DAT "HTRT! OF
EnrGiJ3rG J s biq sho-w
Sergeant Tobin had seen the bunko man
and Cheney go into the O'Farrell-street
house and he telephoned to police head
quarters. Detectives Ryan and Dillon
were sent to the place, and as the bunko
men and Cheney left the house they were
all arrested, with the exception of Che
ney's friend, who managed to escape. E.
F. Holbrook, who' was also with tnem,
was arrested at the same time. The bag
of bullion was in the custody of ureen.
Cheney swore to complaints yesterday
charging Green and Bates and "John
Doe" with grand larceny. Green and
Bates were booked at the prison and the
detectives are searching for Cheney's
young friend. Holbrook, who took no part
in the bunko game, was booked for va
grancy.
Cheney's young friend and the other
two began a game of poker, and Cheney's
friend lost and borrowed $20 from him.
He would not part with more coin, as his
suspicions became aroused that something
was wrong.
Cheney was walking along Market
street, when he was approached by a
well-dressed young man who pretended to
b© a stranger in the city on his way to
Honolulu. Cheney was Induced to go to a
lodging-house at 413 O'Farrell street,
where he was introduced to William
Green, alias "Judge Bates," and Charles
Bates, alias "William Davis," two of the
beBt known bunko men In the city. Green
was represented as the assayer in the
Mint, and Cheney handed him the bag
with the silver bullion which he was to
exchange for coin. ,
Robert Cheney, a recent arrival from
China, made the acquaintance of a gang
of bunko men Monday and In a very short
time parted with $20 in cash and sliver
bullion of the value of $110 which he car
ried around with him in a bag.
A-n Accommodating' Friend Agreed to
Change the Precious Metal
Into Money at the
Local Mint.
Fell Into the Hands of a
Gang and Lost All His
Silver Bullion.
MR. CHENEY, FROM
CHINA, WAS VERY
NEATLY BUNKOED
When the hearing of the writ was called
by Jade© Lawlor yesterday morning the
Irregularity of the indorsement of the
warrant was explained to the court. Judge
Lawlor said that the arrest of the de
fendant was plainly unlawful and that the
defendant was illegally restrained. It Is
eaSd that "Wells" arrest was the reBult of
eplte work. Constable Ahern of Port Cos
ta arrested Wells a few weeks ago on a
petty charg-ft. Wells retaliated by charg
ing Ahern with having robbed him of $7
in coin and a watch. Ahern then charged
Wells with libel, and the warrant was is
sued for his arreet. Judge Lawlcr eaid
that It was evidently the purpose of the
Port Copta authorities to cauee the second
arrest of "Wells to shield Ahern from the
consequences of his act In unwarrantedly
arresting the defendant on the first
charge.
Wells has been advlped to bring an ac
tion against the Port Costa Constable for
damages for false Imprisonment.
J. C. "Wells, tha young miner who was
arrested Monday evening by Constable
Johnson of Port Costa on a charge of
libel, was released yesterday by Judge
William P. Lawlor on a writ of habeas
corpus. "Wells was arrested on a warrant
iFsu*<i In Port Costa and Indorsed by
Judge Conlan of this city. Judge Conlan.
however, cUd not place his Indorsement on
the Instrument until aiter It had been
served.
Injured Itfjm Advised to Bring Ac
tion Against the Constable for
Damages for False Im
prisonment.
Judge Lawlor Says Second
Arrest Was Made to
Shield Ahem.
COURT ORDERS
THE RELEASE
OF J. C. WELLS
HER LOVE SCORNED, SHE
WOULD END HER MISERY
Hotel Sutherland Again the Scene of
an Attempted Suicide.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1900.
MRS. EVA SCTDAM, 'WHO. FEELING SHE HAD I/OST AFFECTION OF
GEORGE H. DICKSOX, THE MAX SHE LOVED, ATTEMPTED TO
' EXD HER LIFE AT THE SUTHERLAND.
5
A heroic, self-sacrlflcing man of the peo-
ple is a man after God's own heart; a re-
liable and fearless leader of an oppressed
people is a heavenly boon. Such a man is
Dr. C C. O'Donnell, the independent can-
didato for Congress from the Fourth Dis-
trict. •
ADVEBTISEMSUTS.
?y /tf£S?^&^S>§™±\ Ar.lta Cream Is IS
*y$&t2&£&£pJ medicine" nor p
71 r^^^StCLsB^^C a simple cos- Jf
2 iW^San-^^gj^ metlc. It Is an 9
4W£lr^£'#W aI ready pre- K
r, pared prescrip- L
ft caicd cream that never fails to J^
' prove its efficiency. Anita Cream 1
71 jr.as transformed hundreds of. seem- K
I int!y ruined ek'ns. and has made I
S them beautifully clear and spotless. Jj
It craws all impurities to the sur- k^
** face, removes the outer cuticle in f>
V ir.v!sibly small particles and re- Vj
*J store* the roey blush of youth, r
5J Frt-ckles, tan, moth blotches, pirn- Jf
pies, liver patches, muddiness and k.
** a" ether decolorations disappear H
\f under the Influence of Anita Cream.
I The treatment Ie del!g-htful. Quick j
Jj &r.d effective. A'ilta Cream con- Jj
tair.s no vaj«15r.e or Ingredient that 1^
54 w'.'.l cause a growth of hair. A»
For «a> by your drugsist. If not. \t
•} fend u? DO cents for full size Jar or ~
\S 2c Tor '.nrcnr.at'.on and a Tree sanl- \f
"* pie. Anita Cream & Toiiet Co *
yf i£7 Frar.klin St.. Los Armeies. Cat. 1/
| A pure sterilized fat from
I the cocoanut for
I Shortening and Cooking
I Cle^n — lieaUhful— sweet. !
% Try egg plant or potato
| chips,friedwith''Ko-Nut." p
j They are great ! "5
Ask your grocer or write j i
I India Refining Co. ci
v. Philadelphia. Pa. -
DR. PIERCE'S ~~d ji^r- Guaranty
ELECTRIC < ftf*^ to ce th;
BELT. / l\ BEST.
»Ve have belt* as low as JS. same as others
f\\ at much hither trlcea. but they are not
-UB. PIEltCE'S." Xf you want the BKST, «
b» it ttit will cur* without tn*-dicJae. won't
tail to pieces In a short time, and wbieh m*y
|c tad at a moderate crlte, you must have
•on. pikhce 1 ?."
<"a!I or *en<5 a 2-cent ttarrp for "BOOKLET
¦ -JO 1." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
C2O Market Street, San Frand»eo,
Or IMS ttruadway. New 1'ork City.
STATETMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN* THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the Cist day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1S99. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commlse tc ner.
CAPITAL..
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash JCOO.OOO CO
ASSETS.
' Real Estate owned by Company J4C8.431 74
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1.011.477 71
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company S2S.341 U
. Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral E3.1W 00
Cash In Company's Office »,24« 04
Cash In Banks 153.9S3 U
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 62 GO
Interest due and accrued on Conds
an.I Mortgages 13.4S3 64
Premiums in due Cour»e of Collection 120,003 13
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Uisks. grround
rents, well secured 21.320 00
Rents due and accrued 8,3ii3 63
Total Assets J?.6:5,m 13
LIABILITIES. ~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid I62.5S1 38
Losies In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 1C3.2CS 24
Losses resisted, including expenses... 4,135 72
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, 1967.303 CO;
reinsurance 50 per cent 433,731 SO
Gross premiums on Fire Hlsks run-
ning more than one year. $3S2,-
6S4 05: reinsurance pro rata 43o,34S 81
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance policies C69.S20 94
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 1S.0CO C5
Total Liabilities Jl. 737.508 82
IN'COME. ~~ ~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,203,581 30
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums on perpetual Risks 20.971 94
1 Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 56,170 83
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Leans, and from
all other sources 4J.CS5 *1
Received for Rents 10.18« 63
Received from all other sources 7,3i3 u
Total Income $1.341. 329 07
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $131,713 IS, losses of pre-
vtons years> $S57.S13 98
Deposit premiums returned 17.S13 04
Dividends to Stockholders 40.C00 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 253,597 93
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 49.200 CO
Paid for State. National, and Local
taxes 48,652 32
All other payments and expend-
itures 157.458 34
Total Expenditures Jl.423.733 84
Fire losses incurred during ths year.~$376.1S6~ti2
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year I n40.S46.048 $1,532,447 75
Net amount of Risks!
expired during the
year 129.C0O.3S7 1.473.133 84
N#t amount In force
December 31. 1*39 1 17S.7S7.237 1.950.C87 05
THOS. 5 MONTGOMERY, Pres't
RICH'D MARIS, Sec'y.
Subscribed and swern to before me. this lath
day of January, 1900. II. F. REARDO.V.
Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 Californii Streat,
fai Francisjo, Ca\
y^-^\vvvv'./vwyvvvvvvwvvvv\<
ihX&JzS' INJECTION. |
I A PERMANENT CURE |
p of the mo»t obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
I g anil Gleet, fm&rantecd in from 3 to 6 C
C dajs ; nc other treatment required. %
5 Sold by all drDKjtfsts. >
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong aod strong
men and women stronger. Room* I and, I 47
Post at., San Francisjo Cai.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
SVEA
FIREANDLIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG. SWEDEN. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1839. and for
the year ending on that day, as^ made to the
In^ur&ncc Commissioner of the StfiLt© o* CTstl i~
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash JG33.333 33
ASSETS. " "
Real Kstate owned by Company $668. COO CO
Loans on Hon.li and Mortgages 2,941.141 14
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,297,013 SC
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bond*. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 1.1C8.657 37
Cash in Banks...., 137.132 30
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 71,931 20
Premiums In due Course of Collection 40,333 73
Due from Agents 1S1.1S>2 6i
Due from other Companies.; 2S3.242 S>t
Other Assets 9.131 43
Total Assets J7.737.843 72
LIABILITIES.
Looses adjusted and unpaid "
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense IIO.CCO CO
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses t
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-'
nlng one year or less; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- • 637.671 48
ninj; more than one year; rein-
surance pro rata
Liability under Life Department 5.172.5S0 T,
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 12,623 33
Due and to become due for bor-
rowed. money E3.333 33
All other demands against the Com-
pany 246.3« 41
Total Liabilities $6,262,587 SO
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,609,442 14
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 2S0.803 11
Received from all other sources 1.023, 082 24
Total Income $2,913,327 49
KXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $743,867 23
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 511.843 C4
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 134,953 82
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 20.584 08
All other payments and expenditures 1,429,431 07
Total Expenditures $2,842,631 2S
Fire losses incurred during the year. I745.S67 29
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $430,375,504 $2,210.290 93
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 205.997.S45 1.016.4C9 87
Net amount in force
December 81. 1S93 222.561.670 1.303.991 31
OLOF WIJK. Prest.
ERNEST BRING. Sec'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 30th
day of March, 1900. GUDM. AKERMARK.
Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
.GENERAL AGENTS,
.411-413 California* Street,
fai Francisco, C&l.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Pirii. 11 ESP1C; Ki7 York. E. F0UGE3A ¦ »j,
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
AEW WESTER* KOTEU
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS-— HE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, SOc to SI 50 day-
13 to $3 week; $3 to J.*0 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: fire crate* in every
room; elevator runs all nlsrht.
IA/. T. HESS.
KCTABY PDJCIO AN3 ATTORKSr-Ar-iATf.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus SpreckeU Bids.
• Telephone Brown $31. .
Residence. 821 California st.. below Pow&U.
Ban Francisco.
THE EMPOBITJM. | • '£ THE EMPOBITTKL . \ THE EMPOB^Xni.
ments in p| 11 i*^ 1 * 3&IT&*S 1WS graph;| for four '
Thursday P W «»oi<i<2a*1fcule AziZA^* ? * S" I
morning papers. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. and Saturday, j
Millinery Special. Another Great Some Excellent Shoes «
Bla oJd 75c rOl aaMi A /ffigftfl Ribbon Offering. for Ladies, $1*18. \
fpecial^to-dii^oiTv TO^L,, Another of the many choto bargain* picked Button Shoos, me e of fine \Wji h\
45O no by our" Ribbon buyer durint: hW recent Pon K ola k-d. cloth tops., fHLJ '
L a reT'aif "castor msSwWPW trip to New York: 1500 yard* of alMilk patent leather tips, opera f ;'&*7- \
bris, Boim whit* iSSS^^b Moire Taff - t ? Ribboc3 - 4 "Che.? wide. toe*, a dressy shoe that j /! .
mixed, the bast of <3^=|32«s2i»i> choice selection of ciloriss*. inc'udins would be i^-<H^V\
¦ thU season's nove'- f^^^W"^ tlink3 ' blue?> maise - crenm - cardinal. n E- ap at /S>«ffl .
ties; price reinlar- «Q W black, etc; a good qua'ity that would be Wj«? P?* M^^^JI '
ly $1.50 — gn-cUl JT excellent value at 25c a yard; to- -— ?5.T aw 8;i , J&£*l*W '
to-day ©5o JlWdP day. while quantity lasts /..WYC to-day only.. '
Black and colored i^aJ^ '' SlmlQa <^3— —^ ;
trimmed Hat; or* m - m - '
nament. felt and velvet; roiruiarlv Vti*OCei*teS 0 LitfUOfS
$7.5o- £p eciai to-d^v on'y....^.ag Specials for Wednesday, Remarkable Offering of :
Snevia! Sale of Tomatoes, fai standard, Golden Riie Fine Lace CuHains. :
Dainty Books* brand; to day. 4 cans * 25o ast half price for these Curtains to- •
The last of a v»ry laree purchase of Pork and Beans, Libby'?. in toman sauc\ J, 8^, b « c3a9 » they are cdi pairs: fine ;
prettily boand classics, abiut 150 large 3-pour.d cans to-day, 2 cans..25o Ca , b ' e J« et3 . Arabian design, pretty Bras- ,
choice titles remaining They are New Figs, very choice, pound packages: to- J! V i * 4Mth°, •
bound in Jipan 9 3e veneer, with pretty day. 3 for.:. „ ...25a f m Si yard4 OD « MdTarwa ' width 9 .
design, in colorei ink,; are printed Fresh Frisco Lunch Crackers, m ni..Wc o^rt^MSo^kW^w^hoS |
from large square type and appropri- Assorted Fruits, Hunt's standard pack, in £ ° P ' 7 •
votim'e : lB oS? Pdcr to-day V" 6 "" J BaU ° a CanS; tO ' d^ Can " 2O ° «, pair Curtains. to-da...^2.5O "
for SV each 22C Macaroni » Vermicelli or Spaghetti, the $4.00 per pair Curtains, to-d»y.$2.0O \
' be?t. yellow or white, in bulk; to-day, per $3.00 per pair Curtaini. to-day...$l«50 1
The Special Sale of | P°" nd ••- •• So ]
Men's Overshirts. p " r , e v^ niUa Extract * B°metts. large hot- These Silver- Trimmed ]
To-d<y and balance of week Men's 75c Ie3 ; J onnc:8 8123 ; 8old re^ larl y at g^ COAOO CatlCS, 29 C* \
and $1.00 Ca=.simere Ov-rshirts— , r ?~ a * y : " S5 ° '
stripes, plaids and m'i3l effects, mide Instantaneous Lemonade, Eifel Tower ¦ ¦ ¦ »t 1
with yoke an! pockets; a big special one package make3 a quart; to-day, tT~~ v i
purchase, at tha very low jmgn 3 packages 5© ]
P rice ~^h C Wilson's Pure Rye Whisky, 8 years We Tiii dose out to-day the balance of j
rmhmfrfaporf Hnvfiots oI "' regularly $1.25; to-day onlv.. a b:j? purchase of Men's Congo Canes, ;
tnrnroaerpn uoystss abont 16 dczen> natura , crook handle3t j
€/l? %>aae iO m Uaym p Jt c vruo _ . . .,, __,_ f l.j,, o1 . handsomely trimmed with sterling ail- '
We only secared a smalllot of these— rrui1 3 y ru PS» assortel, full cuart tot ties; h^ remarkab y low
about 50 dozen-colored, silk-mbroid- to-day cn-y.Der bottle J 35c I^^-each ™ '
ered Doyies, in three Pizes-6x6. Fx Puntas Root Beer, finest made; special to- v ~ ZZ 'U- J
10 an1 15x9 inches; the design* are d * v 0I »T- d <>'^ $1.00 r . M tmm . c#«.«r#o If*** ',
pretty fliral efface; th?y are well Puritas Ginger Ale, to-day only, dozen i MlCSe BMC atanus, MOGm ,
wor!h 20c and 35c each — the biz f$1*O6 Our stationery rarer ,, „ ;
store's price to-da^...fio and 15c while in N=w York C31adf!S) •
__, —~ — — — _ me r m* w% wa picked up 10'^ of these LZ^ grl •
Our First Safe of Undcrmuslln Dep't. safety cffi.e ink |% JlW ¦
Fleeced Flannelettes. Special Sales To-Day. stanis at abou one - l?y(7
fine Flannelette,, pret.y pink and blue J J ™ ce of = amb " c ° y£2 and * ou caa3Ot 8 P iU tha ink - a " d y° a '
Btripe^ and checks, woven coloring, band; ".mlar price 9oc, to-d^y 75c cannot put your pen in far enough to ;
ju?t th * material for pajimas. night Infants' Soft £ Oi Od ShoCS, lace soil your finger*; they ara a!way3 re- \
fo-vn=. wrappers and \vust»: to-diy or button, tan, chocolate and black, with tailed at 50c each; ih> big store*9 ¦
( Wednesday ~\ only, choice of «_, patent leather lining; 59c va'ue, speciil price, while this lot laats.... ««j*» '
the entire lot, per yard /2C to-day only 24o MOG\
Weekly Call, $1 per YearThe issue which has taken foremost place in the
minds of the people is that of tariff regulation. The
leaders on each side have, already organized for the
conflict. A correspondent of the London Chronicle
says: "The protectionists throughout the continent
have been drawn closer together by means of secret
conferences at Melbourne and Sydney, and by manu
facturers' conclaves at the capital cities of most of
REPORTS from Australia are to the effect that
since the federation of the colonies is assured
the Australian politicians are making ready for
their first fight on federal issues. There are of course
well organized parties in each province, but these will
be broken up by the new questions at stake and dif
ferent alignments will have to be made. There is
naturally a great deal of interest in the subject, and
the contest will be one of the liveliest the Australians
have ever known.
FEDERAL ISSUES IN AUSTRALIA
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, D. C. Sept. 25.— Mr.
and Mrs. W. Brooks of San Francisco are
at the Riggs. Nat Cohen of Stockton is
at the Ebbitt. A. G. Maginnis, E. L. Do
heny and Edmund Burk of Los Angeles
are at the Raleigh. W. Phinney of Red
lands is at the- St. James. A. C. Bellck
and wife of Los Angeles are at the Ar
lington. Dan M. Morris of San Francisco
and Mrs. Kendall and Miss Daisy Ren
dall of Los Angeles are at the Shoreham.
A man has been put in jail in Boston for the extra-
Ordinary offense of throwing money away. He ought
to be liberated: and sentenced to live in San Fran
cisco. • -• , r
Civil Service Commissioner Freud has a shrewd
and far-seeing business eye. He insists that all appli
cants for positions on the police force must have a
reasonably small waist measurement.
Two Chinese youngsters raised their voices in song
the other day and warbled sweetly, "How Can I
Leave Thee?" We recommend that they seek an an
swer from United States Commissioner Heacock.
Authorities say that San Francisco pays from seven
times to fourteen times as much for water as any
other city in the Union. These figures ought to sug
gest themselves as of serious interest to advocates of
temperance.
The remarkable unconcern with which- our State
courts are overruling one another on the questions
of marriage and divorce suggests that some of our
jurists are not without experience in the field of do
mestic infelicity.
The local husband who abused his wife for refusing
to believe in the occult influence of celestial bodies
had the" consideration at least not to make her see
more stars than her unaided vision reflected to her.
He never used a club in his curriculum.
Charles A. Towne, the Democratic orator, says that
the present campaign comes under the head of unfin
ished business. He is mistaken. Uncle Sam has alto
gether too much new business on hand to disturb
himself with what the Bryanites have left unfinished.
J. A. Fillmore of the Southern Pacific
is home from his inspection tour In Ore
gon. Julius Kruttschnltt, who is now at
Houston looking after the rebuilding of
the company's branch road there, is ex
pected homo in a few days.
Miss Sadie E. Archibald, for nearly two
years stenographer for E. O. McCormick
of the Southern Pacific Company, has re
signed and has gone to Nome to be mar
ried to George Myers of the Ames Mer
cantile Company.
A. G. WellB, general superintendent of
the Santa Fe road at Los Angeles, is at
tho Palace. T. A. Grady of Chicago,
manager of the Santa Fe excursions, is
stopping at the Grand.
Jt. C Stevens, general Western passen
ger agent of the Great Northern Railway,
with headquarters at Seattle, Wash., is
spending a few days in the city.
Arthur Hill and G. M. Stock of Saginaw,
Mich., large merchants there, are spend
ing a few days in the city and are staying
at tho Palace.
Mrs. A. E. Osborr* of Eldridge, wife of
Dr. Osborne of the California Home for
the Feeble-minded, is a guest at the
Grand. . - -V
Charles E. Hill, an extensive lumber
merchant at Tacoma, accompanied by his
wife, is staying at the Palace for a lew
days.
Judge and Mrs. William W. Morrow
have returned from their visit to Port
land, Seattle and other Northwestern
cities.
F. B. Walker, who has large lumber and
mining interests at Minneapolis, is regis
tered at the Occidental.
A. S. Underhill and wife of New York
are at the Palace. Mr. Underhill is a
large merchant.
Thomas Gilbert, a big oil man at Los
Angeles, is in the city and is stopping at
the Grand.
L. S. Upson of Sacramento Is at the
Occidental. Mr. Upson is a hardware
dealer. #
W. "W. Douglass of Sacramento, assist
ant State Controller, is stopping at the
Grand.
Charles F. O'Brten, merchant and hank
er at Kansas City, is registered at the
Grand.
Captain W. H. McClintock, a prominent
miner at Sonora, Is staying at the Lick.
Abe Mark, merchant at Ukiah, Is at the
Lick.
E. H. Cox, rancher at Madera, Is at the
Palace.
J. L. Barham of Antioch is registered
at the Grand.
Dr. D. F. Fox ajid wife of Sacramento
are at tha Grand.
Judge A. O. White of Stockton is regis
tered at the Lick.
W. H. McClintock, mining man at So
nora, is at the Lick.
E. T. Earl, a fruit buyer from Sacra
mento, Is at the Lick.
J. R. Foster, hotel man at Marysville,
Is staying at the Lick.
W. B. Hammon, a large miner at Oro
ville, is staying at the Palace.
Mark R. Plaisted of the Fresno' Even
ing Democrat is at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
In due time The Call will specify the more objec
t:onable candidates named by Kelly and will give
reasons why they should be defeated. It suffices to
day to point out to all Republicans that this ticket
aiominated by Kelly is not in any rightful sense a Re
publican ticket. Every candidate on it might be de
feated without in any way affecting the vote for Re
publican candidates fcr Congress and for Presidential
Electors. Right-thinking Republicans will support
nominees who rightly represent Republicanism, but
they will -not support the Kelly ticket. Whatever
Herrin and Van Fleet may do. Republicans who arc
loyal to the political principles of the party will take
advantage of the opportunity of election day to kick
Kelly out and the objectionable members of his
t'eket alone with him.
When Herrin and Van Fleet took Kelly up he was
but a little tin boss crushed and thrown into the
gutter. They have made him over in the form of a
huge Chinese joss, vast of paunch, heavy of jowl,
slant-eyed and many-handed. He is their own crea
ture, and doubtless after all they have something of
i.n author's pride in him. They do kow-tow to him,
as a Chinaman to his idol, seeing that he is ugly, but
Relieving he is great. It is clear that at this time
their emotions must be conflicting, and they are in
doubt whether to be proud that they have created a
boss whom they cannot kick out. or to be ashamed
for asking another man to kick out the boss they
made.
What are Herrin and Van Fleet going to do now?
They have demanded that Kelly be kicked out, but it
i> Kelly who has done the kicking. Will they vote
lor bis ticket, or will they kick it out?
It wa- too late to kick Kelly out; it was too late to
throw Kelly ofT. The new boss had got himself
astride the saddle and all the bucking of the railroad
availed nothing. He has had the satisfaction of beat
inn the men who created him. of mocking at the dig
nity of Herrin and the respectability of Van Fleet.
He has had the glory of going into the convention, of
making speeches there, of nominating the chairman,
o: escorting him to the platform and of dictating the
ticket.
Just then, however, the Southern Pacific conceived
certain schemes it did not dare to submit to honor
able Republicans. a:id Herrin, the political manager
of the corporation, turned to the discredited Kelly
and besought his aid. No doubt Herrin regarded
Kelly a» a mere tool to be used at his pleasure anJ
ihen thrown aside again. The Hon. \V. C. Van Fleet
had of course the same thought when at the Santa
Cruz convention he acted as sponsor for Kelly and in
troduccd him to the world as a Republican leader.
Neither of them had for a moment so much as a sus
picion that Kelly would aspire to open leadership,
.vould grasp the whin and mount to the saddle, and,
therefore, when Kelly exhibited signs of assuming
such mastery great was the confusion in the railroad
cam;). Herrin was amazed. Van Fleet was abashed,
.•Mid the railroad's evening organ began to scream in
hip type. 'Kelly if- a tascal. Kelly is a traitor, Kelly
i- a monster — kick Kelly out."
Kelly's rise to power constitutes an instructive les
s-on. Two years ago the decent Republicans of San
I-'rancbco revolted against his practices in politics
and excluded him. his political partner, Crimmins,
and all their push from any influence in the party.
Thns driven out and discredited, it appeared that
Kelly would never again have prestige with any class
oi voters. He had n^ver been anything more than a
&lnm politician, doing his work in the obscurity of
the back rooms of saloons, but even in that sort of
vork it seemed unlikely he would ever have much
success again. In fact, the only recourse that ap
peared open to him wras to join the Democratic party
?nd pose as a convert
\/l ARTIX KELLY ha< gathered his henchmen
I \ to a meeting under the name and with sonic
of the forms ot a Republican county conven
tion: he has nominated his ticket for judicial and
legislative offices, and the ticket i> to be known as
the Republican ticket. The boss is in the saddle.
THE BOSS IN THE SADDLE.
Our people are not likely to be much alarmed by
what the Pan- Latin Congress does, or tries to do.
By well devised reciprocity treaties we can furnish the
South American countries with such inducements to
trade with us as no European country, whether
Latin or not, can equal, and we may safely leave our
commercial interests to the operation of such trea
ties. As for the possible alliance of all the Latin
races, that concerns Europe much more than us. f\n
the meantime, however, it will be worth while to
watch what is done when the congress meets in old
Madrid. "
The gathering of a congress of that kind at Madrid
coincident with the preparations now going on for a
Pan-American Congress to, be held in the City of
Mexico shows the conflicting ways in which run the
cu/rents of sentiment and of trade. The Pan-Latin
Congress can have hardly any other basis than one
of sentiment, while the Pan-American Congress will
be almost wholly a business affair. The one may tend
toward the formation of a military alliance, the other
would have no inclination to go further in such re
spect than a mutual resolve to uphold. the Monroe
doctrine.
A recent review of the subject says: "All Latin
America, comprising Mexico, is to be represented at
this congress in the Spanish capital. Portugal.,
prompted by the dread of seeing her still vast colo
nial possessions share the fate of those of the neigh
boring kingdom of Spain, has been quite as active in
the organization of the congress as the latter, while
Italy, and especially France, dp jiot attempt to con
ceal the sympathy which they entertain for the objects
which this Pan-Latin union has in view. Indeed
France, which has always claimed to be the leader
and representative of the Latin races, may yet endea
vor to put herself at the head of the movement, if for
no other reason than for that of increasing her impor
tance and prestige as one of the great powers of the
international concert."
WITHIN a few days there is to assemble at
Madrid, under the presidency of ex-Premier
Sagasta, an international congress which may
have developments of great importance to the world,
and, particularly to the United States. The gathering
is to be known as a "Pan-Latin" conference, and
there are reasons for believing the object is to form
an economic alliance against the English-speaking
nations. At any rate, it is fairly certain Spain is try
ing to recoup her losses in the war with us by ar
ranging some sort of commercial treaty with the
countries of South America that will procure trade
for her merchants and manufacturers, to the exclusion
of those of the United States and Great Britain.
A PAN-LATIN CONGRESS.
The nation -is now passing through a
crucial period beginning with the declara
tion of the war with Spain. Our Govern
ment and people have had to face new
conditions and to solve new problems. All
these the President now has well in hand.
Our own countrymen and the people of
other lands understand the policy of the
United States in regard to these impor
tant affairs. Any change of administra
tion before all these pending questions
are settled would be attended with more
or. less Inconvenience; but to change to a
radically different policy is to assume
much risk. If the Democrats mean what
they say their success this year will work
a complete reversal of the wise and
statesmanlike policy which has been in
augurated in the Philippines by President
McKinley, and new and costly troubles
would be sure to follow. Economy, justice,
good government and humanity — every
good Impulse and every just and righteous
consideration, demands that we do not
change the policy of the administration
until the country is past the danger point.
The Chinese troubles serve to emphasize
the importance of keeping trained men at
the helm until the storm is scattered.
W. A. PEFFER.
Topeka, Kans., Sept. 20, 1900.
were sold to or through syndicates of
speculators at enormous profits, and it
was expected by a great many people that
the next administration would continue
the samo ( policy. But the Republicans
were wiser. The war with Spain made
large expenditures necessary. Congress
authorized the borrowing of money and
$20O,COO,00O of 3 per cent bonds were sold
to our own people in sums of $25 up to
$.j0O. This is - the fourth year of the Mc-
Kinley administration and not a dollar
of gold has been bought or borrowed; the
treasury now holds nearly, if not quite,
$450,000,000 In gold coin and bullion, and
there Is plenty of money in the country
for the transaction of the people's busi«
ness.
'former populist senator
WHO FAVORS McKINLBY'S
RE-ELECTION.
THE announcement that ex-Senator
"WY A. PeTfer of Kansas would take
the stump in this campaign under the
direction of the Republican National
Committee has created much com
ment among politicians of all parties.
Senator Peffer belonged to the old-cuard
of Kansas Populism and was sent by his
party to the United States Senate. In the
following statement he tells why he in
tends to giv* his support to the Republi
cans:
Ktlitor San Francisco Call: I am asked
why I -favor the re-election of President
McKinley. It is because after vehemently
urging on a war with Spain, and after
unbroken series of victories of our arms
on sea and land; after an energetic and
successful conduct of the war and an able
and patriotic management of the affairs
of government and a brilliant handling of
our foreign relations, adding glory and
prestige to our people and terminating In
a treaty placing us at the right of the
front rank of the" nations of earth, with
new and grave responsibilities attaching—
after all these splendid achievements the
Democratic party, aided by its fusion al
lies, "has raised a hue and cry, charging
all manner of public crimes against the
administration— despotic use of power,
usurpation, fraud, corruption, perfidy,
calling on the nations to behold our na
tional shame and beseeching their, own
countrymen to aid them In their wicked
onslaught upon the good name, the honor
and dignity of. their own people.
I look on this brazen assault on the
honor of the republic as little less than
treason, and the success of the Republi
can party alone can prevent tho attain
ment of the end sought by the unholy
alliance. If there were no other reasons,
this alone would insure my vote for the
Republican candidate for the Presidency.
To my mind, and I have watched things
closely, the President's course from the
beginning of the war to the present lime,
has been remarkably free from mistakes,
lie has been vigilant, active, patriotic and
in all things American. In the govern
ment of the Philippines he has not only
followed the law and the precedents, but
he has done the work efficiently and hu
manely. He has treated the situation
just as Washington did In the Northwest
Territory, as Jefferson did in the Louis
iana purchase, as Monroe did in Florida,
as Jackson did in the Seminole country,
as Polk did In Mexico, New Mexico and
California, and as Lincoln did in the
States of the Southern Confederacy. All
the precedents are on the President's
side.
The Democrats say "the very existence
of the republic Is In issue," and they de
clare that to be the paramount issue of
the campaign. If that be true, the danger
In restoring their party to power is all
the greater.
Republic- ns with absolute unanimity
men, women and children— have uniform
ly defended the republic. The party was
formed for that purpose. Republicans be
lieve in equal liberty, equal laws and uni
versal obedience to lawful authority. Tne
wholesale dlsfranchisement of American
citizens in Southern States la not L>eing
\lone by Republicans. Democrats are uo
ing that.
The Democratic party is not fit to gov
ern this country under modern conditions
of universal freedom. Ix>ok back upon the
second administration of President Cleve
land. Upward of $250,000,000 in United
States bonds were sold without special au
thority of Congress to procure gold for the
redemption reserve. Most of the bonds
&fre -t^s3B»e:- (Talk
WEDNESDAY...... SEPTEMBER 26, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MASACEH'S OFFICE Telephone Prein 2O-*
Telephone Prens 201.
rniToniAL room* 2ir <© 221 steTcmon st.
Telephone I'rem ZO2.
Delirered br Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Cople*, S Cent*.
Termn l>r Mall. Including Postages
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year... »S.M
PAILY CALL (including Sunday). € months 3.00
PAI1.T CALL (including Sunday), 3 months 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month We
prSDAT CALL. On* T*ar 1.60
"VVERKLT CALL. One Year 1-00
AH poatmaater* are nmliorlird to receive
fttihncrf |ttlnn*.
S&tapl* cople* will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscriber* In ordering chajure of address should be
particular tr> give both NEYT AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKXAXO OFTICI2 1118 Broadway
GEORGE C. KROGJVESS,
Mentjjtr Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building' Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone ••Central 261».">
NEW TOIIK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
JTEPHES II. SMITH 3O Tribune nnll<!ln K
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WeJflorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brwitano, SI Union Square;
Munir Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hou.ee; P. O. Newi Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
TrASKXXGTOSr <D. C.) OFFICE 14O<{ O St., X. W.
MORTOX E. CBA.\B, Correspondent.
imANCH OFFICES— -C27 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
until 9. 30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:80 o'clock. 615 Larktn. open until j
S:SO o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market, j
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109S Valencia, open
WStU 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh. open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
PHILADELPHIA LEDGERr-The right
of the workman to a fair clay's pay for a
fair day's work Is admitted by all persons
of reasonable mind. Do the miners get
what they are entitled to? Are they ask
ing the operators for excessive remunera
tion? These are questions that can be
determined by arbitration and more
satisfactorily and more honorably than
by any other way.
PHILADELPHIA IXQXJIRER— "We can
either keep the Philippines or we can
leave them, but we must do one or the
other. There Is no room for any half-way
course. But really the whole anti-im
perialistic contention is so absurd that
one cannot escape a sense of mental
humiliation In discussing it. It 13 lik»
arguing with some one who Insists that
"the sun do move."
PHILADELPHIA TIMES— The time
has come when organized employers
should frankly and manfully recogrilz a
organized labor. Such recognition would
do more than all other causes to elevate
the character of labor leadership and
bring to the front a.s representatives of
labor the most intelligent and faithful
men. '
CHICAGO TRTBUNE-A part of Jeffer
son's Louisiana purchase Is still heM
under the sam<? kind of control as that
used In the Philippines. To Krant inde
pence to Luzon under Aj?uinaldo would be
the same as granting it to the Indian Ter
ritory under some Indian chief.
CHICAGO JOTTRNAXr-The United
States did not participate In the -wanton,
assault upon the Taku forts, which fired
the train of Chinese vengeance and put
the lives of the foreign colony at Peklr.sj
In jeopardy. Our skirts are clean as yet.
They should be kept so.
ST. PAUL PIONEER PRESS-Mr.
Bryan's letter of acceptance gives evi
dence of the sort of intellectual paresis
or prostration which results from an
overstrain of the cerebral faculties. It
lacks the usual form of his oratorical
temperament.
KEW YORK TIMES— Mr. Roosevelt
sees, as the President saw, that the cam
paign Issue that chiefly concerns tho peo
ple now i9 the i3sue of silver. The rest
are trivial compared to that.
CHICAGO TRIBUNK-Whea the people
come fully to understand that the Philip
pine question Is one to be settled by Con
gress and not by the President they will
pay no attention whatever to Bryan's
clamor about "imperialism" and "mili
tarism."
OMAHA BEE-Mr. Bryan's Ideals ot
government are not peculiar to himself.
They are common to all Intelligent Ameri
cans. But. they cannot be realized through
the policlpsi he advocates.
NEW YORK POST— No candidate for
the President can ask better fortune thaa
Tammany's hostility or fear a worse fata
than Its hearty support, which was given
poor Hancock In 1SS0.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
It happens, however, there are a good many other
organizations to have a vote on the subject. Among
them are the Women's Progressive Leagues, which
are said to be springing up all over Victoria and New
South Wales, and the Australian Natives' Associa
tion, which is said to have in Victoria alone a mem
bership of 18,000. Of the latter organization it is said:
"Other colonists sneer at it and envy the enthusiasm
of its members. Secretly, however, they admit that
unless a revolution is worked in politics or some new
league is formed round which both native-born and
English-born electors can rally; it will absolutely
dominate politics before another^ ten years have
elapsed."
It will be seen the Australians are about to enter
upon a struggle through which we have passed in
safety. The -contest, however, is to be complicated
with local issues. Thus it is noted that free trade is
associated in the minds of Australians with opposi
tion to certain reforms which the workingmen of the
country desire, and the labor parties therefore will in
most states give their support to protection.
The absolute free traders have been vanquished in
advance, and it appears that none of the "whole hog"
Cobdenites, as the Australians call them, will have
a following^ of considerable strength in any of the
states. The opposition to protection is to be waged
by advocates of "tariff for revenue only." There has
been formed an organization called the Australian
Free Trade and Liberal Association, and it has
adopted a platform declaring: "First — That the cus
toms and excise duties imposed by the common
wealth should be imposed only with a view to provide
for the wants of the treasury and in no way to give
support to any special industry at the expense of the
general community. Second — That the first federal
tariff should, so far as the exigencies of the severai
states will permit, embrace a number of duties some
what similar to those in force in Great Britain, with
the intention of as soon as possible establishing a free
breakfast table, any deficiency of revenue in such lat
ter case to be made up by direct taxation."
the colonies. Every item that is likely to find men
tion in the federal tariff has" been discussed with such
thoroughness that it is no exaggeration to say that
there are in Melbourne and Sydney at least twenty
men who would be able to submit a draft tariff which
would cover the needs of the principal protected in
dustries in the continent. The secrecy'which has sur
rounded the detailed work of the protectionists is the
testimony to their determination not to allow im
porters to crowd their warehouses a few weeks before
the initiation of the commonwealth and thus exploit
both the revenue and protected industries."
Are we incapable of projecting the metaphysical
into the physical life of our people? Theodore Parker
defined Christianity not as a dogma, but a life to be
lived. Surely we can't live it looting, and casting the
deeds of Timur and Gcnghiz in the shade, persuaded
thereto by Christian missionaries.
Can it be possible that the awful mistake has been
made of adopting a form of the religious idea,
oriental in its origin, without considering whether
occidental man can be adapted to it?
It is our fear that these things foretell the downfall
O! whdt has been called and practiced as Christianity.
The theory of Christianity does not appear in swAi
I ractice. The practice is on the same level as that
of Chinese paganism. If it be true that by their fruits
they shall be known, the two systems are twins, as
like as Castor and Poilux. The home people of the
Christian nations will not be long in making compari
sons, and when they do their allegiance to Christianity
will becofne more and more formal and perfunctory.
What the world seems to need now. more than any
thing else, is a Christianity that is Christian.
The authentic reports from China — not from Chi
nese but American sources, and from soldiers at that —
confirm the news of the awful outrages committed by
the sacramental armies of the Christian nations. To
the honor of our service, Americans have had no part
in these crimes. The Buddhist warriors ol Japan have
also acquitted themselves with conspicuous honor in
the same matter. General Fukushima, the Mikado's
Field Marshal in command in Chiua, has reported to
General Chaffee the most sickening and appalling
outrages, crimes unspeakable, bestial and beyond be
lief, committed upon hundreds of helpless Chinese
women by the anointed troopers of the Czar. Cleaving
and quartering the deflowered bodies of these poor
creatures has been the sport of the soldiery. And
the missionaries stani crying, "To that add the loot
of the Sacred City!" They rebuke our high-hearted
soidier. Chaffee, when he appeals to any nation rep
resented there by soldiers to join him in ending the
crimson carnival, anl only Japan responds!
The Beatitudes must be reversed to fit the cult of
the missionaries. Chapters of the Koran must be
transplanted into the New Testament, and the reli
gion of mercy and compassion, represented by the
beaming face of the Madonna, must be transformed
to one that forgives not its enemies, that loots and
murders, and the goddess Bellona must be placed in
its temples to typify iis spirit.
"Ye have heard that it hath been said an eye for an
eye an,d a tooth for a tooth, but I say unto you re
sist evil with evil, and whosoever shall smite thee on
the right cheek smite thou him also.
"I say unto you hate your enemies, curse them that
curse you. do evil to them that hate you.
"Therefore all things whatsoever you would that
men should not do unto you. do thou unto others."
"Therefore, if thou bring thy grift to the altar, and
there remembcrest that thy brother hath aught
against thee, leave then thy gift before the altar, go
thy way. first smite thy brother, bruise him from
crown to sole, take from him purse and scrip, and
then come and offer thy gift.
Surely it is time to rewrite the Sermon on the
Mount, that it may not rebuke those who profess Him
that preached it. Let it read, "Blessed are the un
merciful, for they shall obtain mercy."
'"Blessed are the strife-makers, for they shall be
called the children of God.
They believe that it is under supernatural guard.
It is piled high with treasure. The missionaries, un
like the soldier, want it looted. They want its trea
sure for the spoil of the Christian. They are the
promoters of an act repugnant to the laws of war.
offensive to the true soldier, revolting to morals, and
they are the teachers of Christianity to the heathen!
Now. the Sacred City is the inner one of the series
of cities of which Peking is composed. It is the
holy of holies. It is to them more than the threshing
floor of Oman, the Jebusite, was to the Jews.
The same dispatch says: "On the other hand, the
missionaries complain because the Sacred City has not
been looted also."'
The Associated Press announces that the American
General, Chaffee. is opposed to the outrages and the
looting at Tientsin and Peking, saying he "could not
have believed that any city 'would ever be given over
so completely to looters," and he earnestly desired the
co-operation of any nation to prevent this. That is
the feeling and opinion of a soldier and man of war.
But the spirit shown by the ordained class among
us and by the missionaries in many cases is something
widely different, and the nations concerned are con
fronted with the inquiry whether they have any func
tion in its propagation.
WE have had occasion to refer to many of the
militant expressions of ministers of the gos
pel as to the Chinese troubles! As a rule these
expressions have favored force and bloodshed, war
and its horrors, as missionary efforts, necessary to
open the Orient gates to Christianity. We have felt,
earnestly, that such a policy is antagonistic to the
spirit and teachings of Christianity. It is true that
they have some warrant in Jewish history and the
stories of the Old Testament, originating when Je
hovah was a tribal God, differing from other tribal
gods in being greater than they. But in the teachings
of Christianity the law of an eye for an eye and a tooth
for a tooth disappears not only, but is reprobated and
superseded by a gospel based primarily upon non
resistance and teaching that evil must be requited
with good.
This philosophy was in the world before the events
which fill the New Testament and makt the body of
Christian doctrine had occurred. It was taught by
Buddha, Confucius and by the Roman bondman,
Epictetus. The morals and ethics and the religion of
compassion, which have gentled the rude spirit of
man, were early among men. Christianity revived
them, spiritualized them, gave them a metaphysical
basis, and made them an enduring force in the world,
refined of all the dross of selfishness and passion. As
we have been taught, and to-day understand, this is
that Christianity which has been wrought out in many
nations.
CHRISTIAN LOOTING.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1900.
6
EX-SENATOR PEFFER DECIDES TO
SUPPORT PRESIDENT McKINLEY
Nation's Head Has Been ;in All Things Ameri
can and Democrats Are Unfit to Govern.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
UNION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1S99, and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California. Pursuant to
the Provisions of Sections 610 and $11 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $200,000 00
ASSETa
Real Estate owned by Company $160,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 9,M)0 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 321.H1 73
Cash in Company's Office 1,435 22
Cash in Banks 23.S12 64
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 24168
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages 150 00
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 52,275 70
Bills receivable, riot Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1.120 82
Due from Managers at San Francisco. 10.513 S7
Due from perpetual Insurance on
building 742 50
Total Assets $581,234 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $10,631 33
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 26.47S 68
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1SS,749 82; re-
insurance 50 per cent 94,374 91
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $197,536 2S; re-
Insurance pro rata 102,024 87
Amount reclaimable by the insured on
perpetual fire Insurance policies 33,592 54
AH other demands against the Com-
pany 12,631 15
Total Liabilities .$279,513 68
INCOME. :
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $253,878 82
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 692 50
Received for Interest and dividends on
BSB3s, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 17,285 75
Received for Rents J.907 54
Total Income $2S0,454 61
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding S34.S07 44, losses of previous
years) $190,568 40
Dividends to Stockholders 13,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 52,046 34
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 39,43188
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes - 9,513 5S
All other payments and expenditures.. 24.990 39
Total Expenditures $32S,C52 57
Losses incurred during the year. flre..$iss,9is 51
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $30,590,558 $313,388 78
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 23,331.823 234,235 69
Net amount in force
j December 31. 1899 37.759.095 386.346 10
C. S. HOLLINSHEAD, President.
E. R; DANNELS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 20th
day of January, 1900.
MANLON D. YOUNG, Notary Public.
, PACIFIC COAST DEFT,
510 California St.
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager.
The . P J lr £ Board of Cincinnati in 1872
.paid $500 for a consignment ot English
sparrowtL They would give double the
eum nowTa^get rid of them.
As* tends to kill tbe hair and turn It rrar.
Parker's Hair Balsam renews color and life.
Htndercorns. the beat cure for corns. 15 cts.
STATEMENT
OF IHia
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OP THE——
PENNSYLVANIA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
f% T PHILADKLPHIA. IN THE STATE OP
V^ Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
rv r V A- D - 1S99> and for the y ear eadins on
that day. as made, to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California. Pursuant to
the Provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of th*
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur- a
rilahea by the Commissioner: J
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
03111 uoo.tm on
ASSETS. =====
Real Estate owned by Company $ra sen oo
Loans en Bonds and MortKases 710.900 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3.513 930 qq
Amount of Leans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 183.9CO on
Cash in Company's Office ( ,nU
Cash in Banks 133 im <u
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans S r» 90
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8 *1"» 54
Premiums in due Course of Collee-
tlon • 27?,*00 5O
Total Assets .*5.173.3r« n
LIABILITIES. ™~
Losses adjusted and unpaid J13 SJ6 47
Losses in process of Adjustment or '
in Suspense 164 954 «5
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 9M;j
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,520,209 4.3 ;
reinsurance £0 per cent '. 780.104 "4
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. J1.4S3.-
942 87: reinsurance pro rata 738 122 58
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual Ore insurance policies 840 01S 57
All other demands against the Com-
pa^y 4.000 w>
Total Liabilities — .$2,533,460 95
INCOME. ~~~~~
Net cash actually received for FIr»
premiums $1,*48,«19 M
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgage* 40*43 47
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Leans and from
all other sources 155 554 it
Received for Rents ...1 s|ito 85
j Total Iocom© '. .$1877. JS3 13
EXPENDITURES. ™
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... $1 223 5T? 75
Dividends to Stockholders lOO'coo CO
PaM or allowed for Commission or ' •
Brokerage S88 483 85
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other '
charges for officers, clerks, etc 93.000 CO
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 712*4 65
All other payments and expenditures So'.sEl 11
Total Expenditures •••.......$1,942,141 11
Losses Incurred during th» year,
F»r« 11.251.153 51
Risks and Premiums. Fire Rlsk3. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $215.S31.929 $2,10«. < !3S 58
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 207.479,981 1967,731 «
Net amount in force
December 31. 1S99 324.8S5.814 S.00S.1S3 33
R- DALE BENSON. President.
¦W. GARDNER CROWELL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17tU
day of January. 1500.' T1IOS. J. HUNT,
Commissioner for California at Philadelphia.
PACIFIC COAST DEPT,
510 California St. #
T. EDWARD POPE, Manage*.
R. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manaffer.
HOTEL DEI. CORONADO— Special «ummer
rates still in effect at this beautiful country
home, where summer and •winter are one. At
4 New MontEomery street, Ean Francisco, gst
rates with special round-trip summer ticket.
"Did you bring home presents?"
"No; but every time I took a sleeping
car I threw the blanket out the window."
— Indianapolis Journal.
"My summer trip cost me a lot. I tell
you."
AN AUGUST ATTITUDE TOWARD
WOOL.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits 50o a
pound in fire-etched boxes or Jap. baskets.
639 Market, Palace Hotel. •
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Dcyle— This day, at 11 a. m., Horse* and Har-
r.ffs. at 3"T Sixth street.
By EaQ C»hn- This day. at 11 o'clock. Furniture, etc.. at
tt I>aj- Ftr»~?t.
AMUSEMENTS.
Grar-jS Oi>era-hous« — "Blue Jean«."
Alrarar— "His .lapanese Wife."
Tivoli— -"The Barber of Seville."
Columbia— "The Magistrate."
California— "Ot^Uo."
Alhafl-.bra-"KoH)--B Klfie."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Oiympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Cbutes. Zoo and Tb«ater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer' e— Vaudeville.
Ringling Bros.' Cirrus. Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
Eutro Baths — Op«>n nights.
Tanforan Park — The Qreat Fair. September 14 to October 6.
Excursion to Santa Cruz— Sunday. September 20.TO SAIL.
Henry Muller, while drunk on Monday,
smashed into pieces the showcase at M.
Gunst's store, Clay and Kearny streets.
The store was closed owing to the Jewish
New Year celebration. Muller was ar
rested on a charge of malicious mischief
and Judge Conlan gave him six months
In the County Jail yesterday.
Smashed a Showcase.
John H. Paton filed suit yesterday
against his wife, Susanna Paton, to quiet
title to their residence property on Shot
well street, near Twentieth. Mrs. Paton
recently filed suit for divorce, alleging
cruelty. She claimed that her husband
was an astrologer and when the star3
failed to work right she said he abused
her. Paton's suit to quiet title to the
homestead was instituted with the view
of checking Mrs. Paton's demand for ali
mony.
Paton Sues His "Wife.
Santa Cruz Is not only one of the pret
tiest towns under the sun, but on Sunday
next, the occasion of the Southern Pa
cific's grand excursion, will be one of the
liveliest. If Us transient population does
not doublo it will at least increase at a
wonderful rate, and all. including the na
tives, will be of one mind— bent on hav
ing a delightful* time. The beach, surf,
cliff drive, city, suburbs^aod all are now
at their very best.
Tickets are on sale every day this week
at the company's city ticket office, 613
Market street, and it will save a lot of
trouble and confusion to get them before
the day of the excursion. Two dollars for
the round trip. Wm. H. Menton, excur
sion passenger agent, will be in charge.
Expected at Santa Cruz on Sunday
LARGE INCREASE ivg
OF POPULATION
The time ball on the tower of the new Perry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at neon of the 130th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKrNS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrog^aphlc Office. V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchanir», San Francisco. Cal..
Sentember 25, 1900.
Time Ball.
NOTE.— In the above exposition of th» tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the sj»ccesslT« tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to tltne. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tldo
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The hlch and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Tuesday, September 25.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 21 hours from Cle
one.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrie, 4V4 hours from
Amesport.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, SV4 days from
Chemainus.
Br atmr Flintshire, Dwyer, 38 days from
Taku, via Nagasaki 25 days. -
Ship Bohemian, Whalmaa, 19 days from
Nushajak.
Bark B P Cheney, Johnson, 10 days from Xak
nek.
Bark Chares B Kenney, Anderson, 23V4 days
rom Nusharak. ,
Schr Amethyst. Zimmerman, 5 days from
¦Wal(ij»ort.
Schr Oceania Vance, Bourke, 9 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, September 23.
Btmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka;' Goodail, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Diego; Goodail,
Perkins & Co.
Ship Emily Reed, Baker, Sydney; Eddy, Chap
man, Falk & Co.
Bark WUIscott, Macloon, Port Arthur; Ameri
can Trading Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, September 25.
Etmr Fulton. Dusrgan, Portland.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Crux.
Stmr Whttesboro, Oteen. .
Stmr Tillaincok. Hughes, .
Stmr Xoyo, Johnson, Fort Brag?.
Ship Emily Reed, Baker, Sydney.
Br ship Hlddekel, Oudney, Liverpool.
Bark Willscott, Macloon, Port Arthur.
Ship Cyrus Wakefleld. Peabody.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola, Eureka.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, Bowens Landing.
Schr Nettle Sundborjr, Anderson, — -.
Schr Coqullle. Pearson. Coqullle River.
Schr H C Wiisrht. Nielsen. Kahulul.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 25. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Sept 7. lat 8 N, Ion 27 W— Br ship Wayfarer,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
Sept 13. lat 13 N. Ion 27 W— Br ship Dovenby
Hall, from Portland, for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per bark Cbaa B Kenney— Sept 25, while an
chored off the lightship, lost anchor and chain.
Per stmr Alcazar— Sept 24, 5 p in, while leav
ing Cleone in heavy sea, struck bottom and
lost all but one blade of propeller.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr
Robert Dollar, from Seattle, and sailed Sept 12
for Ca;?e Nome.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 24— Stmr Roanoke.
from Care Nome.
Sailed Sept 24— Stmr City of Seattle, for Skag
uay.
CAPE NOME— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Orizaba,
hence Sept 2; stmr Senator, from Seattle. Sept
11— Stmr Centennial, from Seattle. Sept 1J—
Stmr Santa Ana, from Seattle; stmr Ohio, froro
Seattle. /
Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Chas Nelson, for Seattle.
ST MICHAEL— In port Sept 12— Ship Charmer,
for Tacoma; tug: Sadie, bark Oakland, for Ev
erett.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 24— Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka.; echr J M Colman, from
Tacoma.
Sailed Sept 23 — Stmr Greenwood, for San
Francisco. Sept 24 — Stmr Alcatraz, for Port
Los Ansreles.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 2»-Schr Eureka,
from Kahului.
Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; schr Fortuna. for San Francisco: schr
Sparrow, for Newport (S); schr Olga, for Syd
ney.
MENDOCINO— Sailed Sept 25— Schr Monterey,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Point Arena, hence
Sept 21.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Se
quoia, from San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 24— Ship Charles E
Moody, for Honolulu.
Arrived Sept 15— Schr F J Wood, from Port
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 25— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept £5— Br ship W J Pirrie, from
Shanghai.
NEAH BAT— Passed Sept 25— Schr F 8 Red
fleld, from Honolulu, for Port Townsend; U S
stmr Wisconsin, hence Sept 22, for Puget Sound.
PORT TOWNSEKD-Arrived Sept 25-Stmr
Glenogle, from Hongkong, . etc.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Advance,
from Colon. Sept 24— Br Btmr Kestor, from
Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Sept 25 — Stmr Marl
posa, hence Sept 5.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Sept 22— Stmr Saa Bias.
for Ban Francisco.
CORK— Arrived Sept 22— Br ship Wm Law,
from Oregon.
KOBE— Arrlve4 Sept IS— Br Btmr Stwtthgryle.
hence Aus 22.
Sailed Sept 18— Br stmr Athenian, for Manila.
PANAMA— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr San Jose,
hence Aur 18.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept H— Br Bhip
Jessomene, hence' April 2S.
SINGAPORE- Arrived prior to S#pt 24— Br
ftmr Claverly, from New York, for Manila: Br
Etmr Glcnturret, from New York, for Manila.
QUEENSTOWN-Sailed Sept 22— Br ship Kin*
Arthur, for Shields: Br ship Gen Roberts, for
Mlstley.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Sept 24— Br ship
DTUmbarton, - for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS. •
SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived prior to Sept 25—
Stmr Jlarlpoja. from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu, Aria und Auckland.
LIZARD— Passed Sent 25— Stmr Amsterdam,
from New York, for Rotterdam.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 25-Stmr Ulto
nia, from Boston, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
LONDON— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Montevid
ean, from Montreal. / .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Vancou
ver, from Montreal; stmr Numldlan, from
Montreal.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Kal-
Berin Maria Theresa, from New T6rk. for
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg, for New York.
• NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Spaarn
dam. from Rotterdam: stmr Cevic, from Liver
pool.
Sailed Sept 2S — Stmr Cymric, for Liverpool:
strar Deutschland, for Hamburg.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Patricia,
from New York, for Hamburgr, and proceeded.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVEI
Large Cargo for Sydney.
The ship Emily Reed cleared yesterday
for Sydney. Australia, with a cargo val
ued at $122,S07, consisting of the following:
Seventeen thousand and forty-six cases
canned fruits, 92 cases confectionery. 700
cases canned vegetables, 450 cases canned
lobsters. 750 half barrels salmon. 43.313
pounds hops, 271,135 feet lumber, 429 bun
dles broom handles, S65O doors and 13S0
rolls paper. '
for Pert Arthur with 9S21 bales of hay and
1042 centals of barley, valued at $12,734.
THE GERMAN TRANSPORT SAMOA. WITH SSO HORSES ABOARD. IN A
NORTHWESTER OFF PORT. THE ELECTRIC PLANT BURNED OUT
AND SHE HAD TO COME BACK FOR REPAIRS.
Hay and Feed for China,
The bark Willscott cleared yesterday
The Fiery Cross loads ealmon at Victo
ria for London, 373 8d prior to arrival;
the Iroquois, merchandise at Seattle for
Honolulu: the British steamer Robert Ad
emson, wheat to St. Vincent for orders,
Ms; the Wanderer, wheat at Tacoma for
Europe. Scs, prior to arrival.
The British ships Speke and Laurlston
are chartered for -wheat to Europe, usual
options, at 4^s, a further advance.
Charters.
C. W. Zastrow, chief engineer of the
revenue cutter Golden Gate, is once more
back at his post, after a vacation of
thirty days spent in Los Angeles.
The British bark Heathbank. now out
150 days from Rio for Newcastle, Austra
lia, has been given up as lost. The under
writers offered to pay 90 per cent to rein
sure her vesterday, but there were no
takers. The vessel was in ballast and the
chances are she went down in a squall.
United States District Judge de Haven
issued a decree vesterday In favor of the
plaintiff In the case of Manuel Joseph and
others vs. the brlgantine Pitcairn fcr $405,
and decided that nothing was due to Wil
liam Brown and E. S. Isaac.
Water Front Notes.
The ship Oriental got in from Bristol
Bay last Monday night with 59,3« cases
of salmon. The Bohemia came in from
Nushitjak yesterday with 50,500 cases and
the Charles B. Kenney arrived from
Nushigak also with 22,772 cases.
The captain of the Oriental went ashore
before trie quarantine officer had been
aboard, and in cjns-equence the vessel was
detained yesterday morning.
The Charles B. Kenny when making
port ha<i to come to anchor oft the light
ship. When it came on to blow the
Charles B. Kenny had to get away In a
hurry, losing her anchor and chain.
More Salmon Vessels Arrive.
Uncle Sam is after the wharf behind
the ferry po?tofTice. and the Southern
Pacific Is determined he shall not have
it. The railroad uses the structure as a
freight wharf for its river steamers, and
Postmaster Montague wants it in order
that the handling of Uncle Sam's mails
may be facilitated. At the meeting of
the Harbor Commission this afternoon
the Southern Pacific will be represented
by Superintendent Fillmore, while Post
master Montague will represent Uncle
Sar.i. Both sides will have their legal
advisers with them, and to-day's meeting
of the commission should be interesting.
A Lively Time Expected.
The horse transport Flintshire arrived
fmm Manila yesterday. She was out In
Sunday's gale and as she was very light
everybody aboard had a lively time of it.
The "steamer came up In ballast. Soon
after her arrival the Government ship
Cyrus Wakeneld sailed for Seattle to load
coal for Manila and the Flintshire took
her placf at Folsom 2. The chances are
that the Flintshire will be retained to take
another load of horses to the Philippines.
Horse Transport Arrives.
Once the Samoa was in port it did not
take the Risdon Iron Works long to re
babbitt the crank brasses, and with a new
set of oilers warranted not to get sea
sick the transport went to sea again last
When the hurricane was at its height
on Sunday morning the men on the trans
port had a terrible time. About 6 a. m.
the electrical fans gave out and three of
the horses died from suffocation. Had
th*> Samoa net been a naturally airy snip
many more of the animals would have
died. Captain Hudson says that every
thing aboard the big transport worked
like clockwork until the oilers got seasick
and neglected their work.
hurricane. The oilers got seasick
and neglected to oil the electric machine
that kept the fans going and supplied
the vessel with light. In consequence the
Babbitt metal got heated by the friction
and ran out of the crankpin brasses.
There was no spare Babbitt metal on the
ship, so repairs could not be made. When
this state of affairs was reported to Cap
tain Hudson he at once put his ship about
and ran for San Francisco.
Oiler Makes
Trouble.
Horses Die and Men
Suffer From^ Exces
sive Heat.
?
THE German transport Samoa
came back to port late Monday
night. She left here Saturday
morning and Sunday ran into a
Carelessness of an
GERMAN TRANSPORT SAMOA
BACK TO PORT IN DISTRESS
(Concluded.)
The fact that the Corcoran Gallery of
Art Is located In the nation's capital, in
Washington, gives It a prominence which
its contents do not altogether justify. The
walls are hung with works which, with j
perhaps the exception of a dozen can- j
vases, are by modern men, and there is j
no pretense of a comprehensive history of i
the different schools of art. Of these i
modern men not all aro satisfactory! and
a considerable proportion of the pictures
represents rather the fashionable art of
the dealers' shops of years past and the
meretricious if popular output of foreign
studios. But a number of the works ax* |
famous through reproduction and other
wise, and some of these are to be taken
seriously, while nearly all are interesting.
The "Passing Regiment," by the French
military painter. Edouard Detaille, is a
tine composition and wonderfully drawn
and painted; the "Helping Hand,"' by Re
nouf. has the touch of human nature and
Is skillfully done, while Muller's "Char
lotte Corday," with its sentimental and
pathetic figure, is much admired. Incom
parably the best thing here is a work
presented to the nation by the English
artist, George F. Watts, called "Love and j
Death." Watts is one of the great paint- j
ers of the century and ail his »work is j
marked by splendid qualities, intellectual i
as well as artistic.
The most notable of the native works
here include Frederick E. Church's "Ni
agara Falls." from the John Taylor John
son collection; Alexander Harrison's
large marine called "Twilight," a record
making picture, and one which has had a
strong: influence on the marine painters
all over the world, and Frederick A.
Brldgrcan's "Procession of the Sacred
Bull Apld-Oslris," a remarkable study of
the manners and customs of the ancient
Egyptians, and which caused the artist
to be elected to membership in, the Egyp
tological Society In Paris when it was
painted*. Of the painters of the middle
period in American art. let us say from
1S30 to 1S70. there are many examples of
portraiture, some of which is good, much
of which is mediocre, though this latter
frequently possesses historical interest
from the fact that the sitters have been
men who have achieved distinction or
prominence in one wav or another. By
the late Charles L. Elliott, an excellent
painter and popular In his day, there is a
portrait of the founder of the gallery,
with six other works. The late George
P. A. Healy, a worker who may be said
to have been more industrious than ar
tistic, has no leas than twenty-two por
traits, mainly of Presidents of the United
States. They are rather perfunctory in
execution, though they satisfy the public,
unfortunately, in looking superficially
lika the originals as they are remem
bered.
Thomas Cole, father of what is gener
ally referred to as the "Hudson River
School," has three works which fully rep
resent his talents, and there is a land
scape by the veteran Asher B. Durand
more or less in a similar nature. A single
example of Gilbert Stuart, five works by
Thomas Sully and two by Rembrandt
Peale complete the list of the earlier men.
The gallery is particularly rich in its col
lection of bronzes after work by the
greatest of all sculptors of animals, the
distinguished Frenchman. Antoine Louis
Barye. of which there are no less than
103. While these include a few portrait
busts and figures, they are mainly of ani
mals, wild beasts as a rule, wherein the
action, conception and craftsmanship are
all remarkable to the last degree. As
in most of the art museums or galleries',
the Corcoran contains a large collection
of plaster casts from the antique, the
renaissance or modern work, and these
are arranged in special groups, easy of
classification and study.
The Art Institute of Chicago completed
Its twenty-first year in May, 1900, and
must be reckoned as one of the most im
portant galleries in the country, contain
ing as it does a comprehensive collection
of pictures, both ancient and modern
with an excellent showing of native work
The building is a dignified, imposing
structure, standing on the lake front, op
posite Adams street. All told, there are
some 600 paintings and drawings, a collec
tion of antique casts, reproductions and
modern sculpture. Prominent among- the
pictures are the examples of modern
European art, particularly that of France
and its "Barblzon men." whose art has in
I the years past appealed so strongly to
American connoisseurs. Nearly all cf
these men are adequately represented,
and some of the more modern Impressions
are here as welL Of the modern Ameri
cans there are to be seen canvases by
AVJlliam M. Chase. Alexander Harrison.
Charles Sprague Pearce. W. L. Dannat
and David Neal. Prominent among th<»
various collections and gifts are those of
the Henry Field memorial, which con
tains forty-one canvases of the Barblzon
school; the Albert A. Munger collection,
mainly of the European schools, and the
fine Elbridge O. Hall collection of casts
of all sorts. These number 13S pieces.
In addition there is much American and
French historic sculpture, the HigKin
botham collection of Neapolitan bronze9
and some Egyptian and classical antiqui
ties.
Through the liberality of Andrew Car
negie the art gallery in connection with
the Carnegie Institute of Pittsburg was
founded In November. 1S05. and thrown
open to the public. By large donations on
his part a fund was established for the
purchase annually at the exhibitions h»M
there and elsewhere, and a collection has
been made entirely of modern work that
Is representative of the latest achieve
ments in domestic and foreign art. Th*»
scope of this article doe3 not permit of
an analysis of all the collections, nor In
deed more than a passing mention of oth
ers than the most important institutions
of the country- There are museums In St.
Louis. Cincinnati, Detroit. Springfield and
Worcester. Ma?s., and Norwich, Conn., for
' example, while there are galleries in San
Francisco. Sacramento. Minneapolis. Buf
falo, Columbus. Savannah and elsewhere,
and many of the colleges have galleries
of pictures both entertaining and instruc
tive. If not always of the first importance.
We in America, In short, have arrived
at that stage of our national growth ami
progress when the material must share
i with the spiritual. Hitherto we have been
[ busy building empire, turning our whole
j time to questions ofidomestic and political
I economy, of ¦ways and means, and th»»
fight against the various enemies of a new*
civilization. If we are not yet rounded
out and perfected as a ration in our bo-
I cial. esthetic and political requirement!*.
I we are at least ¦well on the road to their
j consummation, and our acknowledgment
of our latkings is the healthy sign of our
ability to make them good. Pictures and
other" works of art are the necessary
leaven to soften and ameliorate the rush
I and whirl of our restless and impetuous
American life. It Is to these public art
j palleries that the plain people will turn
, for instruction and plfa^ur?, and the more
; we have of them and the more complete
i they are the greater will be the return In
; the formation of good, healthy public
I taste. With this improvement ¦will come
j the absolute demand for beautiful cities.
' good architecture, statuary and decora
tion of buildings, public and private. The
elevating Influence of good art may not
be computed, but Its tendency Is toward
municipal and national pu:lty, as well as
to the general Improvement of the race.
ARTHUR HOEBER.
New York City.
Note — An examination will be set on
Wednesday, October 10, as a basis for the
granting of certificates.
COLORED TROOPS OCCUPY
THE TE2TTS AT PRESIDIO
Under Command of Major Dent, They
Will Go to the Phil
ippines.
All the troops assigned to the transport
Hancock for transportation to the Philip
pines are now at the Presidio. The num
ber was completed by the arrival yester
day of Company G. Twenty-fifth Infantry,
from Fort Logan. Colorado, under com
mand of Captain Leitch. Major John C.
Dent has been assigned to the command
of the colored soldiers, who will sail on
October 1.
Captain Amos Kimball has received a
telegram from the War Department di
recting the shipment to Seattle of elghty
i six pack mules. The animals will be sent
to the northern port by rail and shipped
from there to the Philippines on the Co
pack.
Contract Nurses Eloise M. "Weathers.
Mary Barkley. Clara E. Hughes and Lot
tie B. Duckworth have been ordered to
the Philippines. They will sail "on the
Hancock.
Captain Charles "W. Hobbs. Third Artil
lery, is assigned to duty as commandant
of the post at Alcatraa Island. He will
relieve Captain B. W. Atkinson, who is
ordered to Join the Sixth Infantry In the
Philippines.
Major W. B. "Wlnn, surgeon. U. S. V..
has received orders to proceed on 'the
Hancock to the Philippines.
There is considerable talent among the
army officers and ladles at the Pres'dlo
and they have arranged a fine programme
which will be rendered for the benefit of
the patients at the general hospital to
night.
FAMOUS ART GALLERIES OF THE WORLD
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
FAMOUS AMERICAN ART GALLERIES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26. 1900. \
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Next.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
- Tbe concluding article of Dr. F. M.
Parrott's study of Edgar Allan Po*.
¦which -would have appeared on Septem
ber 20 had It not been rr'^JaM. will
be published next Sunday morning, Sep
tember 20. The director of The Call's
Home Study Circle apologizes to the
readers for the unintentional delay.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Rival Wlllapa Sep. 16. 5 pm Pier 2
Corona ... Pan Diego Sep. 26. 11 am Pier 11
Rainier ISeattle Sep. 28, 5 pmlPler 13
J S. KimbllCape Nome... Sep. 27, 2pmiPier 2
Eureka ....fHumboldt Sep. 27. 10 jut. Pier 13
Willamette Seattle Sep. 23. 4 pm Pier 9
Ban Juan.. (New York Sep. 28. UmPJISS
City FueblaiVlctorla Sep. 28. 11 am | Pier 9
Bonita I Newport Sep. 2S. 9 amIPier 11
Arcata I Coos Bar Sep. 23. 12 m' Pier 15
Czarina ...(Seattle Sep. 2S (Pier 6
Ft. Paul ICape N'ctne... Sep. 29, 2 pml
Santa Rosa! Pan Diego Sep. 30, 11 amlPler U
Herodot jHamburg Sep. SO, 10 am Pier 7
State of CarPcrtland Sep. SO, 11 am Pier 21
North ForkfHumboMt Sep. 30, 9 am Pier 2
Pomona ... Humbollt Sep. 80, 2 pmlPler 9
Pt. Arena..! Point Arena.. Oct. 1. 2 pmiPler 2
C!ty Rio J.lChlna&Japan Oct. 2. 1 rmiPMSS
Coos Bay.JXewport Oct. 2, 9 ami Pier 11
Del Xorte.. Portland Oct. 2, |
Steamer.
From.
Due.
-
Czarina {Seattle Sep. Z«
J. S. Klmball..!Cape Nome Sep. 25
Homer «-:. IXewport Sep. 2«
laqua. Eureka Sep. 2<»
Willamette Seattle Sep. 28
Mackinaw Seattle Sep. 2(5
Bonita Newport.... Sep. 2<
Kureka Humboldt Sep. 24
Wellington Oyster Harbor Sep. 2S
Arcata [Coos Bay Sep. 27
Point Arena [Point Arena Sep. It
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. 27
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 27
Mineola Nanalmo Sep. 27
Xorth Fork Humboldt Sep. 27
Pcmcna Humboldt Sep. 2J
Curacao Mexico Sep. 2S
Fanta Rosa San Die(?o Sep. 25
Xewburgr Grays Harbor !Sep. Z%
Del Xorte Portland Sep. 23
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 23
Coptic China and Japan Sep. *i
Walla Walla... Victoria Sep. 3
Propreso Tacoma Sep. 29
W. H. Kruger.JTillamook Sep. 2!»
San Bias New Tork Sep. 30
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 30
Tltania Nanaimo Sep. 30
Carlisle City ... China and Japan Oct. 1
Columbia Portland .Oct. 1
Coron* ISan Diego .";". Oct. 1
Coqulll'i River.. |Grays Harbor |Oct. 1
u
: un rises 6:00
!un sets 6:01
¦loon sets ............7:10 p. m.
O Time Time Time Timtl
b Ft. Ft. Ft. I— — ! Ft.
pHWl L, W HW L-Wj
M ... 1:07 4.5 6:05 2.2 12:32 6.2 6:59 0.6
7 ... 1:55 4.8 6:36 2.5 12:58 5.2 7:41 0.5
•S .. 2:49 4.1 7:15 2.8 1:26 5.1 8:30 0.8
!9 ... 8:49 4.0 8:00 3.0 2:06 5.1 9:25 0.6
10 453 3.9 9:03 3.1 2:53 4.9 10:26 0.8
1 .. 5:57 4.1 1O:2T 3.3l 4:04! 4.S 11:59 0.6
2 " I 6:511 4.4! 11:471 3.01 6:C2! 4.81
u
: un rises 6:00
!un sets 6:01
¦loon sets ............7:10 p. m.
O Time Time Time Timtl
b Ft. Ft. Ft. I— — ! Ft.
pHWl L, W HW L-Wj
M ... 1:07 4.5 6:05 2.2 12:32 6.2 6:59 0.6
7 ... 1:55 4.8 6:36 2.5 12:58 5.2 7:41 0.5
•S .. 2:49 4.1 7:15 2.8 1:26 5.1 8:30 0.8
!9 ... 8:49 4.0 8:00 3.0 2:06 5.1 9:25 0.6
10 453 3.9 9:03 3.1 2:53 4.9 10:26 0.8
1 .. 5:57 4.1 1O:2T 3.3l 4:04! 4.S 11:59 0.6
2 " I 6:511 4.4! 11:471 3.01 6:C2! 4.81
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Rival Wlllapa Sep. 16. 5 pm Pier 2
Corona ... Pan Diego Sep. 26. 11 am Pier 11
Rainier ISeattle Sep. 28, 5 pmlPler 13
J S. KimbllCape Nome... Sep. 27, 2pmiPier 2
Eureka ....fHumboldt Sep. 27. 10 jut. Pier 13
Willamette Seattle Sep. 23. 4 pm Pier 9
Ban Juan.. (New York Sep. 28. UmPJISS
City FueblaiVlctorla Sep. 28. 11 am | Pier 9
Bonita I Newport Sep. 2S. 9 amIPier 11
Arcata I Coos Bar Sep. 23. 12 m' Pier 15
Czarina ...(Seattle Sep. 2S (Pier 6
Ft. Paul ICape N'ctne... Sep. 29, 2 pml
Santa Rosa! Pan Diego Sep. 30, 11 amlPler U
Herodot jHamburg Sep. SO, 10 am Pier 7
State of CarPcrtland Sep. SO, 11 am Pier 21
North ForkfHumboMt Sep. 30, 9 am Pier 2
Pomona ... Humbollt Sep. 80, 2 pmlPler 9
Pt. Arena..! Point Arena.. Oct. 1. 2 pmiPler 2
C!ty Rio J.lChlna&Japan Oct. 2. 1 rmiPMSS
Coos Bay.JXewport Oct. 2, 9 ami Pier 11
Del Xorte.. Portland Oct. 2, |
Steamer.
From.
Due.
-
Czarina {Seattle Sep. Z«
J. S. Klmball..!Cape Nome Sep. 25
Homer «-:. IXewport Sep. 2«
laqua. Eureka Sep. 2<»
Willamette Seattle Sep. 28
Mackinaw Seattle Sep. 2(5
Bonita Newport.... Sep. 2<
Kureka Humboldt Sep. 24
Wellington Oyster Harbor Sep. 2S
Arcata [Coos Bay Sep. 27
Point Arena [Point Arena Sep. It
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. 27
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 27
Mineola Nanalmo Sep. 27
Xorth Fork Humboldt Sep. 27
Pcmcna Humboldt Sep. 2J
Curacao Mexico Sep. 2S
Fanta Rosa San Die(?o Sep. 25
Xewburgr Grays Harbor !Sep. Z%
Del Xorte Portland Sep. 23
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 23
Coptic China and Japan Sep. *i
Walla Walla... Victoria Sep. 3
Propreso Tacoma Sep. 29
W. H. Kruger.JTillamook Sep. 2!»
San Bias New Tork Sep. 30
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 30
Tltania Nanaimo Sep. 30
Carlisle City ... China and Japan Oct. 1
Columbia Portland .Oct. 1
Coron* ISan Diego .";". Oct. 1
Coqulll'i River.. |Grays Harbor |Oct. 1
I
t ' ,' ' ¦>'. '' '¦"'¦'; : .'\
5
we close
i next friday
C4LH1.V*. *Z? <UL IL 5L4L a %JICIL V
to hurry the moving to our new-
store, which opens next monday,
October 1st*
only two days more in the old j
store, and they will be two days of -t^«
unusual selling, for every depart- Ifii
ment is forcing out its short ends,
odd lots and remnants at minus
profit prices, every counter is
temptingly spread with rich pick-
ings for those to whom money-
saving is an object. 4
H , I
i I I
keenest interest is still
sustained in the tucked all- 11
overs at 29c.
1 s
thev'H hold out foi the next two davs — *-^
perhaps, there is still a splendid variety of
patterns, some have clusters of tucks with
insertions of herringbone stitching — ts-^
others have single or cluster tucks with fea- H H
ther stitching: — still others have single tucks
with open work insertion, the regular €~\
prices for identical- qualities and styles are
50c to 75c the yard. T
choose where you will while they last for W
29c a. yard. ! ,
I
\
* . — — — - — — —^— ———______ .
• • •
Will Place on Sale
THIS DAY....
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
LADIES' COLORED SHIRT WAISTS, former fr^
price $1.50 and $2.00, marked down to I 0 U
LADIES' WRAPPERS marked down from A I Aft
$175 to dliUU
LADIES' GRAY DRESS SKIRTS marked AQ Ql>
down; from $6.50 to OuiuU
LADIES^ COLORED SATIN WAISTS, for- OQ QO
mer price $4.50, marked down to Ufcl U U
LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, with Silk Plaid 6p fjn
Hoods, former price $7.50, marked down to t^QiUU
LADIES' KBRSEY CLOTH JACKETS, Tailor-made,
former price $7.50, marked down to OP fjn
LADIES WILL FIND THE ABOVE LINES* THE
GREATEST BARGAINS EVER OFFERED.
1.146 Market Street.
AMUSEMENTS.
SANTA GRUZ
EXCURSION
Under the Management of WM. H. MENTON,
Excursion Passenger Agent.
VIA COAST LINE NARROW GAUGE
soutiTern pacific company.
SUNDAY .... .SEPTEMBER 30
. . . BATHING BEACH . . .
Finest Sand. Smooth and Clean. Good Bath-
houses and Obliging Attendants.
Ocean Fishing or Trout Fishing in the BrooKs.
Blgr Tree Grove Five Miles Distant.
ROUND TRIP $2.00 ROUND TRIP
TEAIN LEAVES
SAN FRANCISCO— Ferry Landing, Foot of
Market Street 7:45 a. m.
OAKLAND — Fourteenth and Franklin
Streets "T-.-iJi a. m.
ALAMEDA— Park-street Station S:20 a. m.
Returning, Leave Santa Cruz at 4:12 p. m.
Arrive San Francisco 8:05 p. m.
Tickets on Sale SEPT. 27th. 2Sth and 29th, 613
MARKET ST.. Grand Hotel Block.
Also on the Morning of the Excursion at the
Ferry Landing. Fourteenth and Franklin sts.,
Oakland, and Park-st Station, Alameda,
E. O. McCORMICK. T. H. GOODMAN.
Pass. Traffic Manager. Gen." Pass. Agt.
4*11 VMP//I BODY ST.,
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
Twelfth Series of Conradl's
LIVING STATUARY !
THE
And OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION* FREE.
TANFORAN FAIR
OP£NS MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24.
CONTINUES TWO WEEKS.
NEW AND INTERESTING FEATURES WILL
BE GIVEN EACH DAY.
Grandest Exhibit of Prize Stock Ever Shown in
California.
HARNESS RA-1NG!
HORSE SHOW EXHIBIT
AND OTHER ATTRACTIONS.
See printed catalogue for complete programme.
Trains leave Third and Townsend j Streets
every hour from 10:40 to 1:30 p. m. \
HENRY J. CROCKER, President.
GEORGE A. NEWHALL, Secretary.
UTCnUFR»C CONCERT HOUSE.
Hanlon 4 Singer. De Goseo Brothers. Thos.
K. Ehepard, Antonio Vargas, Mae Tunlson,
Pearl Hickman and New Moving Pictures.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Matinee Sunday.
AMUSEiEENTS.
TO-NIGHT!
First Appearance in America oJ
The Azzaii Italian Grand 6pera Co.
"LUCIA."
On account of continued detention of orch<*s-
trations In El Paso by United States Custom-
house authorities. "Otello" Is postponed.
MME. TURCONI-BRUNI,
VITTORIO EMANUELECASTELLANO
And
LORENZO BELLAGAMBA
Have consented to sins ao that the public will
r.ot be disappointed ajfaln. The greatest cast
ever heard in "Lucia" In Ean Francisco.
F.EPERVED SEATS— Night, Tic, Me. 25c;
llstinee, 50c. *5c.
EXHIBITION GROUNDS,
Sixteenth and Folsom Streets.
LAST D/W !
This Afternoon at 2. To-Night at 8.
RINGLING BROS. I
The Bigffest Combiq#r5 Menagerie, Hippodrome
and Arenlc Exhibition In the "World!
1000 Peoole— 300 Performers.
1*0 Horses— 25 Elephants.
20 Camels— £5 Kailroa* Cars.
1» Feature Acts!
Glorious Introductory Military Spectacle,
GREAT THREE-RING CIRCUS.
All Kinds of Trained Animal Seasa.Uons!
Admission. 50c: Children under 12 years. 2Sc.
Reserved Numbered Seats ar.d Admissions
during the entire engapewent at Sherman, Clay
tt Co.'s Music Store, corner Kearny and Slitter
sts. Unlike other shows, prices at downtown
ofSr* are the same as charged at ticket wagon
show
fJVUFflTP E^aX
* *^» • rTI &¦ *il I Mt\ torn W
WILL MAKE TOU LAUGH.
THIS
WEDNESDAY £>?ire
NIGHT W | EIC
PICTURESQUE
PRODUCTION.
His Japanese Wife,
By CLAY M. GREENE.
UATIXEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES-^lac, 25c. 3SC. 50c.
NEXT WEEK— "TVE-UN'S OF TENNESSEE."
ALF ELLINGHOUSE Prop, and Manager
It's "Wonderful How Business Keeps Up!
' / "f\ MW/fUL HIT."
THIS WEEK ONLY— EVERT NIGHT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Big Farce Comedy. New York World's
/ . Success, ¦
KELLY'S KIDS,
3O— FUN MAKERS— 3O
All Brieht. Breezy and New.
REGULAR POPULAR PRICES.
Evening 15c, 25c, 23c, 60c and 75c
Matinee 15c, £3c, 35c and 50c
Next Sunday Afternoon— The Herald Square
Theater Farce Comedy Success, Direct From
New York.
-•"rurx-r rnr\r*."
SUTRLO QhTWS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
Ba thins Frcra 7 A. M. to 10 P. If.
AflmlMlon. 10c; Children, 6c.
Eathlsg, including admlaiioa. 25c; Children. Mo.
AMUsriazirrs. ,
f^^\tl n H 2*i9 ES B Zk **» %i !
MATINEE SATUKDAT.
CLAY L- R.
CLEMENT STOCKWELL
AND A STRONG COMPANY.
revival of Plr.erc's Pcpalar Comply Euecess,
"TflE MAGISTRATE."
HE COHES OS
SUNDAY NIGHT
AND REMAINS S NIGHT? AND SATURDAT
LIATINEE.
Tie VTor'.a's Greatest Laugh Maker.
EDDIE FOY=
In the Very- Latest Comedy Success.
"A NIGHT IN TOWN."
FEATS READY TO-MORROW.
vaudevill¥at its best
MATINEE TO-DAT. "WED.. SEPT. it.
Farq-jet. :5c, ar.y peat; Balconr. 10c; Cliil-
Crca, iOc, any j/trt except reserved.
FINAL VTEEK. OF
JESSIE BARRETT DAVIS.
TCAYNE AND CALDVkELL. KOLB
AND DILL. MR. AND MRS. JACK
SON. MERRITT AND MURDOfK.
MUSICAL. JOHKfTONKS. MrCAEE
AND DANIETLS. PIOGRAPH.
AGAIN TWO ENOUMOrS TRIUMPHS'.'.
TO-NTGKT. TOIDAT. EATCRDAT EVEN-
TANNHAUSER.
Thursday, Sunday ETcaiagi and Sahrd&y
Matinee,
THE BARBEROF SEVILLE
rOPTTLAR PRICES 25c and Me
Telephone Buzh >.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
.... ONLY THIS WEEK ....
Jc*er!» Arthur'* Famous Hoosler Drama,
BLUE JEANS...
ynt Week.. "THE SPORTING DUCHESS."
EVENING PRICES — IO«?, 15o. 25c, COc.
A Few Front Row* In Orchestra 75c.
M..TINEE PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c.
No Hisber.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium-
CHUTES AND_Z00. s 3r« i iS!Sr
Big Vaudeyille Show.
AQUATIC FPORTS ON THE LAKE.
To-Monw Night— THE AM4TEUBS,
AND A LADIES' OBSTACLE RACE.
Telephone lor StaXz— Park StCALX. CALENDAR
The market for evaporated apples wa» active
and about steady on small receipts, but was
not quotably higher. State common, 3$5c;
prime. A'O.ttZ'i.ci; choice, 5}4<rJ6c: fancy. 6SC140.
California dried fruits quiet and unchanged.
PRUNES— 8H®7Ho.
APRICOTS-Royal, ll@14c; Moorpark, 15Q18o.
PEACHES-Pecled, 14giSc; unpeeled. 6QSc
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 25.— FLOUR— Receipts.
29,885 barrels; exports, 11,657 barrels; Bales, 8100
packages; market was weaker; winter patents,
{3 7034; winter straights, 13 E0@3 65; Minnesota
patents, U 15@4 60; Minnesota baker, $2 8o®3 35J
WHEAT— Receipts, 171.125 bushels; exports.
111.766 bushels; sales, 1,700,000 bushels futures;
epot weak; No. 2 red, S7y»c f. o. b. afloat and
81V4c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, SSVs^J
87c f. o. b. afloat, new; No. 1 hard Duluth, 91c
t. o. b. afloat. Options developed a good deal
of weakness to-day, being Influenced by liqui
dation. Bulls were discouraged over the sharp
drop In Northwest markets. The decline In
vited so much short selling, however, that a
late Broomhall cable reporting serious con
ditions in Southwest liussla alarmed shorts
and led to a quick rally. Just at the close
renewed sellinir broke out on a correction In
world stocks and the market left off weak at
lVfeSl%e net loss: March, 8G%@S7%e. closed at
S6%c; May. 83%@S6?ic, closed at 86c: Septem
ber, 81Vi(SS2%c, closed at Sl%c; October, 81H5J
E2H;C, closed at 81%c; December, 83H l gSl l foc,
eloped at 83%c.
I HIDES— Firm.
HOPS? — Quiet. '
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 Invoice, 8%c;
Cordova, 9%^ 14c. Futures closed steady, 6 to
10 points higher; total sales. 97,750 bags. In
cluding September. IS 90<@6 95; October. $6 90;
! November. $7 00^7 05; IDeeember. $7 U5S7 10;
March, $7 30®7 35; May, $7 4PS7-45; July, $7 45.
SUGAR— Ra-x, firm; fair refining, 4Vic; cen
' trifugal, SG test, Be; molasses sugar, 4c; re
i fined, firm. •
BUTTER — Receipts, 10,704 packages; weak;
creamery. 17(i?22c; June creamery, , lSHgll^c;
factory, 14Q16HC. " "
EGGS— Receipts, 14,455 packages; quiet and
steady; Western regular packing at mark, 13ft
®18c; Western, loss off. 20c |
New York Grain and Produce.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept 25.— Consols, S3-7-16; silver.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Sept 23.-WHEAT-Quiet and un
changed; blue stem, f9VJc; club, IG'ic
OREGON.
POP.TLAXD, Sept. 25.— WHEAT— Walla
¦Walla, 06Q*6c: valley. 59c; biue stem, 69c.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 25.— Clearings, $4*3,
232; balances, U0L02S. .
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK. Sept 25.— There was a fairly
active but much weaker market for cotton to
day, the first call showing a decline of 8@12
points, -with selling general. • Price» by noon
had returned to about the closing I figures of
the previous day. The market - closed barely
steady, with a net loss of 12©13 points.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 25.— Tin in the local mar
ket for metals started this morning at a con
siderable advance, due chiefly to a rise of £2
7s 6d abroad, but reacted later on large ar
rival, but closed firm In tone at $23 50@28 75.
Piglron warrants exhibited some weakness
and closed weak at $9 10@10.
LAKI0 COPPER-Stendy, at $16 75017.
LEAD- Iiull and unchanged, at $4 37H, while
spelter continued quiet., at *4 10@4 13. ¦ The
brokers' price for lead was $4 and for copper,
$16 75016 87V4. .?/v V;
New York Metal Market.
BOSTOX, Sept. 25. — The wool market here
continues dull and sales ruled light under the
past week. Manufacturers are only demanding
such quantities of wool as they need In the
manufacture of their product. The prices are
being held for all kinds of wool, but any pres
sure to fcrce sales would undoubtedly tend
to reduce prices greatly. Territory wools con
tinue to head the list of sales. Quotations:
Territory wools, scoured basis — Montana and
Wyoming, fine and medium ll®18c, scoured 60c,
staple 62'55"c; Utah, fine medium and fine 16®
17c, scoured 43??50e, staple 52i553c; Idaho, fln«
medium and fine 16@17c, scoured 48@50c, staple
E2®E3c.
Australian wools, scoured basis, spot prices —
Combing superfine, nominal. 82®37c; good. 7S@
60c; average, 70@73c.
Boston Wool Market.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 21,000; to-morrow,
29.000 estlmttel; left over, 2500. Steady to
shade lower; top, $5 55; mixed and butchers',
$•> 1O5J5 r,2H: good to choice, heavy, $5 lOigS 50;
rough, heavy. ?! 93i?I5 05; llfa-ht, $5 20@5 55; bulk
of sales, $3 2f»(x5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 11,000; steady to 10c higher.
Lambs. 15c higher. Good wethers. $3 S5@4 25;
fair to choice, mixed, $3 CO<SX 80: Western sheep,
$3 90«?4 20; Texas sheep, *2 50@3 60; native
lambs, $4 23@5 25; Western lambs, $4 75©5 25.
CHICAGO, Sept. 25.— Receipts, 3500, including
1000 Westerns and 1200 Texans. Generally
steady; natives, best, $5 £0; good to prime
steers, $3 40@5 90; poor to medium. $4 6O#5 33;
eclected feeders, strong. $3 90<?{4 Go; mixed stock
ers, $2 "io'rt3 S5; cows, choicest, steady; medium,
shade lower, 12 80©4 25; heifers. $3@o; canners,
f-teady, SIQZ 75; bulls, ?2 50@4 CO; calves. }4 60gj
6 60.
Texans — Receipts, 1200; best, $3 65; Texas fed
Fteers, 14 25tr5: Texas grass steers,, $3 40ijj'4 20;
Texas bulls, ?2 EO33 50. \
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Sept. 25.— Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit: Grapes — Malagas, 65(0
9Sc per single crate; Tokays, 63c®Sl 25. Pears —
Flemish, averase 9oc per box; Bartletts, 45c4?
Jl SO. Peaches— Salway, 4 r >i§~G5c per box; Yel
low Clings, average 64c; George's Late, aver
age 60c; Levl Cling, 30@00e. Prunes— Italians.
55<gi0c per single crate; Silver, 80<g30c; Hun
garians, 4O'@5oe; Germans, average 70c. Twelve
cars fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 25.— Earl Fruit Company
60ld California fruit: Grapes— Malagas. 75c<3
$1 S4 per single crate; Tokaj'3, 65cffl?l 50. Pears
— Bartletts. $lff 3 20 per box. Peaches — Levi
Clir.g 6OCS3S1 15" per box; Strawberry Cling, 60@
75c; Salways, 30<@75c. Prunes— Italians, 60@75c
per single crate.
NEW YORK, Sept. 25.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— Tokays, $1 90®3 75 per double crate and
$1 05^1 85 per single crato: Morocco, $3 05;
Muscats. 85t?90c. Pears— Doy du Cornice, $2 per
box and $1 70S1 SO per half box. Peaches —
Salways, 95c. Plums — Coes Late Red, 70c.
CHICAGO, Sept. 25. — Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows: Grape3
— Tokays. $3 15 per double crate and 75c@$l 60
per single crate; Clusters. Jl 45@1 60; Morocco,
$2 20 per single crate; assorted, ?1 30@l CO; Mus
cats, 70c@$l 20. Pears— Bartletts, $1 S0@l 95 per
box and 80QS3c per half box. Peaches—Sal
ways. 45TTC5c; Edwards Cling, C5c. Plums —
Kel?ey. 75c per single crate.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK. Sept. 25.— To-day's rally in
prices was very clearly due to covering opera
tions by the bears who said stock last week
while the forced liquidation was going on.
There were signs already evident yesterday
that the professional bears had discounted the
decline, but the failure of a small Stock Ex
change firm and the distribution of selling j
orders skillfully arranged so as to appear to
come from last year's newly returned bear J
leader renewed confidence of the bears and j
their attack on the market late In the day {
was successful In weakening it again. They |
continued their efforts to further decline In j
price this morning and had good success for •
a time in the important Industrial stocks, {
notably Sugar, Tobacco End People's Gas, bu; j
the general list failed to respond as readily j
as yesterday to the weakness In these special
Btocks. The bears in consequence bought to j
cover all through the list ajid wrought some ;
eubstantial rallies. The declines in the special- j
ties •were mostly wiped out and Brooklyn Tran- J
sit and People's Gas were lifted a point over;
last night. ' Last week's liquidation apparently
outran the needs of the money markets and
the raids upon stocks were not successful in
dislodging Felling orders. Some timidity was j
induced by the bears on the possibility of sud- j
den favorable developments In some directions. I
The cut In the price of steel rails has not led i
in buying so far as known and railroad officials j
express dissatisfaction that the price was not
placed lower. When the railroad companies j
be?!n to place their contracts for the ccmin? ;
year, however, an Important effect is sure to |
be produced on the stocks of steel companies ¦
generally. Wail street la on the alert also i
j for a settlement of the coal etrike, but there :
j was nothing to show the Imminence of any ¦
I such event outside the fears felt by the bears. ;
j While the liquidation of last week seems to ;
j have met the immediate needs of the money !
i market the force making toward depletion of i
j New York reserves continues In undiminisned '
! force. Xo doubt, however, Is felt that any j
J widespread stringency in our domestic money
j market would bring prompt relief by gold lm-
I ports. i n view of our large outstanding credit3
j no one Supposes that the needs of mere specu- !
j lative holders of securities, however violent
! a rise in the loan rate they might effect, j
j would induce any movement of gold from I
I Europe under the circumstances attending this
i fall's money market there.
I Bonds were active. Total sales. SS50.000.
United State* refunding 2a, when issued, and
j the 5s declined *4 In ths bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. '
Shares Closing
Hold. Stock— Bid. i
I 1,1'CO Atchiscn 26% !
721 Atchison prefd gs^i i
£01 Baltimore & Ohio 67 I
100 Canadian Pacific 87 !
JH> Canada Southern 4714 !
?-20 Ches-apeake & Ohio 2614
42S Chicago Great Western lOVi |
11.000 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 121U
100 Chicago. Ind & Louisville 20H ;
' Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd.... 54
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 96
Chicago & Northwestern issvj
1,350 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific lM'-i
400 CCC4 St Louis E8H
l.XCO Colorado Southern 474
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 86
1 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 1314
285 Delaware & Hudson 107^
Delaware, Lack Western 172
100 Denver & Rio Grande ig%
j 1.200 I>enver & Rio Grande prefd ej<S,
Eri- iom,
6<>0 Erie 1st prefd »2
£20 Great Northern prefd U-OVi
Hocking Coal .• 13
Hocking Valley prefd 31
200 Illinois Central 114%
100 Iowa Central 171^
..I.... Iowa Central prefa. , S5
COO Lake Erie & Western 24
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 82V4
Lake Shore 209
2.600 Louisville & Xashville 69*;
2.9C5 Manhattan Elevated 8514
2.212 Metropolitan Street Railway l<C 1 />
j 100 Mexican Centra! 11 *
j 100 Minneapolis & St Louis 51
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 90'4
2,750 Missouri Pacific ..3 47t»
I Mobile & Ohio 33
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 9
400 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 27^
BOO New Jersey Central 12SH
1.12S New York Central 127^4
1,200 Norfolk & Western ¦. 31%
Norfolk & Western prefd 73'4
4,410 Northern Pacific it\
£50 Northern Pacific prefd 68 7 £
1.415 Ontario & Western 19^4
Oreg-on Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
2,18$ Pennsylvania 125%
Reading 15
• 6.070 Reading 1st prefd C2\4
Reading 2d prefd 24
Rio Grande Western 13%
Rio Grande Western prefd %
SCO St Louis & Ran Francisco 9%
110 St Louis. A San Fran 1st prefd C3
400 «Rt Louis & San Kran 2d prefd 32
SSO Ft Louis. Southwestern 11
fc20 Ft Louis, Southwestern prefd 26*4
9.150 St Paul 112 .
10P St Paul prefd 173
i St Paul A Omaha 110
1.S10 Southern Pacific -31U.
1.400 Southern Railway n
] C$9 Southern Railway prefd, ex dlv 81%
COO Texas & Pacific '. 14
I 11.72S Union Pacific ., 54T4
• <7» Vnlon Pacinc prefd 71H
2C*> Wabanh
COO Wabsnh prefd 16'i
COO Wheeling &L E 8
420 Wheeling A L E !d prefd : tlK
Wisconsin Central 11
200 Third Avenue ...103
Express Companies —
120 Adams .....123
American ,,,., uo
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 25.— Special telegraphic
and cable communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes in available supply from
last accounts:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase, 1,534,000 bushels. Afloat and
in Europe, increase, 3,101.000 bushels. Total
supply, increase, 4,634,000 bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase, 1,044,000 bushels.
O&ts, United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase, 7&4.COO bushels.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sert. Dec,
Opening G Ws 6 4%
Closing 6 2% 6 4%
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 03 21 75
Closing 20 20 2180
Flour-
Opening 26 00 27 80
Closing 26 10 27 90
Available Grain Supply.
A. G. McAdie, sccticn director of the climate
r.r.i cr^p service of the Weather Bureau, makes
the following reprrt for the week:
GENERAL SUMMARY— Warm, dry weather
hn* prevaJIed during the we^k, with abnormaJ-
If hiph temporaturps tor.ard the close In the
central ar.d northern portions of the State.
There was a trace of rain In the southern por
tion on the 22d.
Cenditior.f; have b^en much more favorable for
fruit drying end ra'.sin making than during
the preceding two weeks, and great progress
has been made: In poir.e sections the drying of J
decidocqa fruity Ss nearly completed, and will 1
be fir.lfhe'J \,y O-tcbe-r 1 if the weather contin- |
tifs faviiratlp. The rrur.e crop Is considerably j
tetter than had be^n estimated, and although |
a ?cT'3t il = al of it is under f!z*>, the fruit is of j
rood qaaittjr ar.d the yleid abundant. All other I
¦Sedduooa fruits have yieldf-d heavily except in :
f-' -.ithern Califcrria. Grape picking and raisin !
r.^akir.g are progressing rapidly, and late re- |
; •• indicate that the yield of raisins will be ,
larger than expected. Wine making continues. I
Alt- "r.-l harvest It nearly completed. Walnut
pleklos '-as ocmmencefi in Southern California. !
Citrus fruits are in good condition and prospect? j
:::¦- fxcellont for a heavy crop.
Hop tricking is nearly completed; the yield
is iicht. but quality excellent. Corn Is lock- I
ir.K well, and wi:i yield a better crop than -was |
expected a few •neelis ag-o. Seeding cummer i
fallc-w continues in some
COAST AXD RAY SECTIONS— Conditions i
have been reserally favorable for fruit drying i
<3'jrine the w*-«"k. In some sections it is Eaid j
that another nwlt with favorable conditions '
will romrl p te the '3r>'ir»g of the season's fruit j
crop. P&lway pf-ache* are nearly all gathered j
in the Santa Clara Valley, and grapes are be- ;
ing delivered to th* wineries; there is a (rood j
err,;. <vf grapes of oxceilent quality. In Men- j
<5<->cino Cojnty prunes are large in els* and the j
yfMi is tbaafluxt; the crop is being cured in
fTCcellmt pooditioa. Hopi are mostly gathered;
the >ie!4 lg below averarre. but the quality is '
KOO&. Some damage was done to hops and '
prapes on rlaea bjr the morther on the 2Cth and
£3 st.
BACRAMENTO VALLEY-Dry northerly
viry.s and high tempf-raure* during the latter j
r-ert of the w^lt were favcrable for drying |
rr'-'D^s and raivins. Graphs on tlw> vines and
late deddoooa fruits were considerably injured
by northers in some secilons. A heavy crop of i
gvir-f-r, pxrr ilent in quality, is being gathered
in Yo!o. Tthania and r.th»r counties. The
prone rrop in Bmie County }t> nearly all gath
*re<S. Mo« of the fruit for drying will be on
the trays liy October 1. Oranges are in good
condition, i.nd rjrobpecta continue favorable for
a large crop. Plowing and reeding are In pro
gress.
SAN JOAQLTV TAIXBT — Clear. warm
•wc-sthT hES nrcvaileA. with higher temperature
to^r.ri the close cT the we/.k. The nights have
\,o*i\ unusually e<y,3. with heavy dewg in some
Pisces, eonsewhat prtprding the drying of fruit
B«<J raisins. High winds on the 20th damaged
lat?» fruit in Fomf ??*»ctionB. Prunes are yteld-
Stii n fp.lr crop, though many of them are
email la K'.r.e. Many localities report that the
raisin crop will be larger ttan heretofore estl
tr.atf-4. Wir.e irrapes are yielding a good crop
In som» plaee? . but are light in others. The
Blrrond crop is nearly all gathered. A large
crop of sweet potatoes of summer fallow
ground is in progress. •
SOT"Tm:i>N' CALIFORNIA— Clear. warm
r-'sther coring the -nv^»k ha* been favorable for
r*:-;n maklnfr and fruit rtrjlng. Ora-pe picking
era wire Biaktsg are jrogressing rapidly. Ap
zAc%, ix>ar?. plena rnd nrun-s at vxeellent qual
ity nr? be'.r^r gathered. Walnut picking has
eonsneaeed: it is now reported that the crop
¦w-11! >>*- nl"iut the same as last f^aron'B. The
¦w-^ter napplr is fair. There was a liarht tbun-
O(TStnnn with a tr?ee of rain on the 22d at
Bro Diera
L<-)s Angeles fiummary.— Bean cutting and
thraFhiTiir continue; crop i:«?ht. Sunday threat
"iinr: rain now would be disastrous to beans.
Onr.res cr* j n fine condition: the change In
cr.lor is noticeable. Crap* picking is on, and
w:nrr!cs are in full 'operation.
Weather Report.
r>ir\h Merirtisjj-Paelfle Time.)
?AX FIlAXraPCO. Fept. 25—5 p. in.
Tlve folloTjring maximum temperatures were
rt-ri.rt'd from stations in California to-fiay:
Eureka M Tios Angeles 72
Independence- *.2 'ajrramento ....7*
Mourt Tamalpaln *I Pan Luis Oblspo 72
R*<3 Hiuff 76 Ban Dieco C8
l>csno 72'
San Fiarcirco data: I'nx'.rr.ura temiwrature,
C4: minimum. 32; mean, 1%.
TTEATUEIl CONDmON'S AXT> GENERAL
KOKECAST.
The crtesure his risen dedfledl/ CTep the
Condition of California Crops.
"Sak's of two carloads of Hallowl dates were
r»ponec at Z**c. ex S<-thouse. Prices now range:
IlE!ln-»i. SSit-: Khadravri. 3Sc. and Salrs. 3%c.
Ebowlnf an advance cf hie."
"Valencia raisins were firmer. Sales of 1500
to 2 ! Xi0 boxes w<-re reported. Sultanas were very
strong. There was a good Jobbing trade re
ported.
"Prunes and apricots were quiet, with hold
ers en the ciiast firmer. The market Is thought
to l« pretty closely cleaned up on fancy grades.
The Xew York Commercial says:
"The neglect of new Califonia walnuts and
heavy buying of new crop foreign nuts still
coritinu<"s. Seme luslr.ess is reported in Chile
walr,uts on the spot on a bisis of i'S^c, and
eome trade w&e noted in Sicily filberts at 11®
1JV.C. One hundred bags cf Tarrtgona almonds
so;d at lSViC.
"Oibles trom France y<?«»terday quoted the
walnut market two francs higher en Grenoble
walnuts, and pome orders have bwn taken sub
ject to confirmation prices. Additional sales
were ir.aie late Monday afternoon of 1&00 bags
at UVeMVe
"There are rumors that a cable from Greece
quotes the curra.r.t market there a trifle lower.
Sa!es were reported yesterday between operators
on a basis of 12'-»c. but the market is 12512V2C
There is « small demand on Jobbing orders for
ciear currants a.t full prices. No Important
sales were reported.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The movement of Salmon from this port by
pea during the first eight months of the year
wii* as follows. conip&r«*d with the same tinw
last y«ar: 204. *50 oases and 4747 packages, vai
u»"<J at J'-SS.ir'). ae&inst 115, 805 cases and 6748
1 ackages at $6C4,€7(l.
Salmon Trade.
Movement of Canned Goods.
The movesior.t of canned goods from this port
Spring the first eight months cf the year was
260, 4iu ca£«=, coir. pared with KT.SOO for the sa-'.-ie
Lime last year.
Pacific slope and is now above the normal in
all districts. It Is highest In Montana and low
est in Arlrona.
The temperature has risen slightly over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains, but Is
still below the normal in all districts.
The weather Is partly cloudy over the pla
teau region and clear In other districts. Light
rain has fallen In Arizona, Nevada and Utah.
Conditions p.re favorable fcr fair, warmer
weather in California Wednesday.
Forecast made st San FTancisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 26:
Northern California— Fair; warmer Wednes
day; lieht northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light
west wind.
Nevada— Fair; warmer Wednesday.
Utah — Fair; warmer Wednesday.
Arirona — Fair; warmer Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday:
fresh northwest wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, weak;
Xo. 3 spring wheat, 7C57SVic; No. 2 red. 77®
79c; No. 3 corn, 4H4i5?-41» / ic; No. 2 yellow. 41Vi«i>
4154c; No. 2 oats, 22%c; No. 3 white, 24Vi@25 1 /4c;
No. 2 rye, 52Vic; good feeding barley. 39^c;
fair to choice malting, 52ft 56c; No. 1 flaxseed,
Jl 54; No. 1 Northwestern. ~$1 54; prime timothy
seed, $4 30ffi4 40; mess pork, per barrel, $12®
12 05; lard, per 100 pounds, J7 0537 07%; short
ribs sides (loose), J7 60^7 SO; dry salted should
ers (boxed), 6Vi1i«%c; short clear sides (boxed),
fS 15(g8 20; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 26;
sugar, unchanged.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 26.000 7.000
Wheat, bushels 337,000 310,000
Corn, bushels 479,0vO 670,000
Oats, bushels D4S.000 820,000
Rye. bushels 10.C00 3,000
Barley, bushels 157,000 13.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day "the butter
market was firm; creamery; IS'&^c: dairy, 13@
ISc. Cheese, firm, 10i4©ll%c . Eggs, firm;
fresh, ]6c.
TUESDAY, Sept. 25—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
4s quar coup..H5 l; .116H 4s do cj> (new)133%134'i
4s do reg 114%11S 1 » 3s do coup 10&%lloU
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-st Cab 58.118% — Oak Water Es. — 1".J
C C Water 5s.l06%107 Oceanic SS is.lTP^ —
Ed LAP 6s..l30«i — Om C Ry €s...l£-i* —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — Pac G Imp 4B.101 1 , —
Geary-st R Es. — 99 P A Cl Ry 6s. 104 —
H C & S 5%s. — — P & O R R 6«.ll-> —
Do Ea — 105 Powell-st R 6sll7 —
L A Ry Is 107H107*! ' Sar L G&Ris.lC0% —
L A Lt Co 6s. — 103 IS F & SJVjs.113%120%
Do gntd 6s.. — — sS R of Cal «s.HU4 —
L A mtd 5s. ..100 lCt'iiS P of A 6s... .lll-i —
L A P R R Is. — 101% S P C £s (IX£>)
Market-st 6s. ..128% — (Series A).. ..110*4 —
Do 1st M 59.117% — r>o (Series B)llt —
N C N G R 7s. — 113 jSPCte a906).ll.T% —
N R of Cal te.lHS— I Do (1312) 12U 4 12*%
Dots HSU — ISPRlstsntd— —
N P C R P. 63.101 — S P Br «s 132»il33%
Do 5s 106%107%iS V Water 63.113 —
N Cal Ry 6s.. — 111 Do 4s K>3 194
Oak O L & H.109 — Do 31 mtx...lO2 —
Oak Tran 6s... — 113 Stockfn Gas 6a — 102%
WATER STOCKS:
Contra Costa.. 63^ 70 I Spring: Valley. 96% 97
Martn County. 51% — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS,
Cent O L Co.. — — Pac L Co — 44\
Cent L4PCO- b Sac El GARCo 36 4A
Eqult G L Co 3% 3*4 S F G & E 53'i SS%
Mutual El Co WH n San Francisco. 5 5%
O G L & H 43»* SO^lStkn G &. E Co — M
Pac Gas Imp.. — 52%!
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 223 — '
BANK STOCK3.
Anjrlo-Cal Ltd 675i 69V Lon P A A.... 133 —
Bank of Cal.. .409 — jMerchanta* Ex 15 —
Cal S I> & T..105 — Nev Nat Bk,... — —
First Natlonl..2S5 300 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L....1SS0 1900 S F Sav C.-.B13 —
Hum SAL... — — Sav A L Bo — 82%
Mer Trust 62% 70 ; Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 48% — Union T Co.... — —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — O S L & H.... — «S
G«ary-st 20%— Presidio ..-~. — J2%
Market-st 87 —
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 162%!VU:ortt .-- ~. Pi PA
Giant Con Co. M% 85%!
BUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7% — Kllauea BPCI1 —
Haw C & S Co — 83 Makawell S C 43^4 —
Honokaa S Co. 30% 31%:Onome* 3 Co. 23 »
Hutch S P Co 25 28 i Paauhau S Co. 50% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
A.1 Pack Assn. 124 126 |Pae A F A.... 1% —
Cal Fruit Ara 97% — I Pao C Bor Co.150 U1H
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 > Par Paint Co. 12 13V,
Oceanic S Co.. 93% »4 I
Mornlnsr Session.
100 Contra Costa Water .....¦¦.. 0 50
75 Contra Costa Water 63 37H.
J20GO Los Anseles Ry S per cent bond*. .197 CO
100 S F Gas & Electric Co S3 SO
36 S V Water «. W Su
Afternoon Session.
SO Makawell « 50
15 Oakland Gas 60 05
10 Oceanic S S Co — 83 W
J5000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3rd nug«> 102 CO
PRODUCERS' OIL KXCHAXOE.
Morn'.Ejf Session.
Board —
500 Four Oil Co ,.,,. 44
7 Hanford „. ..T3 00
5 Oil City Petroleum 2S CO
430 Sterling O A D Co 2 15
Street—
500 Reed Crude OH Co t*
60 Kern River ..._...........» 00
20 Oil City Petroleum ......._..23 00
5 Oil City Petroleum ..........23 00
100 Twenty-eight 160
Afternoon Session.
300 Sterling O & D Co 2 SO
400 California Standard _... 3.»
100 El Dorado 1 ED
1500 Four Oil Co 43
Gt'O Independence „ ja
500 Monarch of Arizona t-t.. ...... 4>
20O Reed Crude Oil Co 62
1000 (S 5) Reed Crude Oil Co II
'• 500 (B 30) Reed Crude Oil Co _ 53
200 (S 5) Reed Crude Oil Co 51
100 Sterling O & r> Co 1 10
200 Twenty-etsht 1 CO
500. Twenty-eight 1 C%
MINIXO STOCK3.
Following were the sales in th# San Ftaadsco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Momlny Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 501 100 Mexican ... Jt
800 Best A Belcher. 31 1 200 Ophlr £4
10O Caledonia 42J 100 Ophir _ 5.1
200 Chollar 131 100 Overman 11
600 Ccn Cal & Va..l 13 3C0 Savaga IT
100 Confidence IS 100 Union Cbn 2»
400 Gould & Curry. 33; 100 Yellow Jacket.. 21
1800 Gould A Curry. 32 , ICO Yello-w Jacket.. 20
Afternoon Session.
TOO Best & Belcher. 31' 100 Mexican t3
200 Chollar 19 1 r» Ophir J5
300 Chollar 13! ICO Sierra Nevada. II
200 Con Imperial... 02! +00 Union Con I»
ICO Con Cal A Va..l 13 200 Yellow Jacket.. 21
100 Hale A Norcrs. 23 j 50 Yellow Jacket.. 8
400 Hale & Norcrs. 24 i
Following were the sales in the Pac!2c Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 11 : Vti Mexican ........ B
700 Best & Belchsr. S3i 1C0 Ophir M
1200 Gould A Curry. S3. S00 Ophlr 54
300 Gould & Curry. S2 3C0 Ophir S*
300 Justice 0? 20O Union Coo. 1>
200 Mexican 31
Afternoon Session.
400 Best A Belcher. SO' 200 Opfcir ~ M
2C0 Best A Belcher. 31 j 600 Overman _ 19
100 Chollar 2Oj 300 Potosi !•
200 Con Cal A Va .1 13 j 300 Savage *"
2C0 Gould & Curry. 32 lit) Sierra Nevada. 83
5M) Justice. C*i ICQ Sierra XevaJA* U
200 Mexican 33. 2C0 Yellow Jacket.. 20
250 MwIm^ 33J
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Sept 25-4 p. m.
Bld.Aak. ! Eld.AsVc.
Alpha. o* C3!Justlce 06 0T
Alta 03 to Kentuck CS 04
¦ Andes 07 03 Lady Wash — 63
Belcher IS DiMexican 31 33
Best A Belcher. Jl 32 1 Occidental 06 08
Bullion 02 04, Ophlr a* 53
Caledonia 42 43 'Overman W H
Chollar 19 20 Potosi IS H
Challenge Con.. 19 21Savara IS N
Confidence 75 «»; Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va..l 10 1 l.VSeg Belcher C2 C.»
Con Imperial... 01 02, Sierra Nevada. 31 33
Con New York. — Cl ! Silver Hill 37 3^
Eureka Con — 45' ft Louis — 13
Crown Point.... 11 13Standard 4 10 4 20
Exchequer 01 C2 Syndicate 03 —
Oould & Curry. Z2 33 Union Con 19 *>
Hale A N'orcrs. 22 24'Utah <H ««
Julia C3 04 'Yellow Jacket.. II 22
STOCK AXB BOOT) EXCTTAXGS.
Local stocks and, bonds wer« very dull on
the Bend Exchange, at about previous quota
tions.
The oil etocks were also quiet.
THE STOCK MARKET.
APPLES — 25030c fcr box for common and
60<sv»oo for gooS to choice.
PEARS— Bartlett. J1<£1 50 per bos; other va
rieties. 35<363e per box.
QUINCES— 25340c per box. ** '
CHANBERRIES— Wisconsin. $3 per bbl ;. Coos
Bay, |2 50 -;>er box. . . .
STRAWBERRIES-J3@J M per.chest for larse
and — - for small" berrlea. ¦
RASPBERRIES— Jl C0O6 per chest.
Prict>» for everything In this line remain re
markably even. Choice Cantaloupes are doing
better, but Nutmegs and Watermelons continue
weak. Peaches and Plums have shown no
change worthy of note for some days. Quota
tions for Grapes also remain about stationary,
as the supply about balances the demand.
Lemons and Limes are as before.
Pears continue to advance. Apples are lower
under heavy supplies.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter continues very firm under light stocks
and some dealers are quoting over the top fig
ure. *
Cheese Is steady at the prices which have
ruled for some time. /
Errs ore firm at the advance already noted.
Supplies are moderate and the demand Is good.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 28c; Seconds, 27®
27Hc.
Dairy— Fancy. 25<f?I6c; good to choice, 22%@
21c; common, 20@22c.
Creamery tub— 2fl#22Wc per lb.
Pickled roll— 19621c.
FI rWt n— 1 Siir? 19c
CHEESE— New. 9®10c; old. 8®8%c; Young
America, WlOHc; Eastern, 13%Q14c; Western,
IOSIIc per lb. ¦
UGGS— Quoted at 20©24c for store and 30#33c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 18®22%c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Poultry market continues overstocked,
dull and weak, as may be Inferred from the
quotations.
Good Game is steady enough, but considerable
shows the effect of hot weather in the interior,
and such stock drasrs at anything it will bring.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gobblers
and 12@13o for Hens: Young Turkeys, 14^16c;
Geese, per pair, Jl 2501 60: Goslings, Jl 50@l 75;
Ducks, tSSTA for old and $3 50@4 60 for young:
Hens, $3 &6®R; Young Roosters. »4iJH 50; Old
Roosters, *3 50&4; Fryers, J3@3 50: Broilers,
tZGZ 25 for large and J2@2 SO for small; Pigeons,
$1 2G per dozen for old and Jl 60#l 7j for Equaba.
GAME— English Snipe. J2@2 60; Jack Snipe.
$1 25if?l 50: Doves, EO@75c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, $1 25@1 50: Brush. Rabbits. II; Hare.
$l?il 25; Grouse, J8@3; Sage Hens, J2; Mountain
Quail, |3<g3 50 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
This market goes along from day to day with
very little change. Supplies of all descriptions
except Tomatoes continue liberal.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 37%@40c; Burbanks.
40(g 63c for Rivers and 7oc@Jl Co per ctl for Sa
linas; Sweets, 7Dc@Jl for Rivers and Jl 25®1 35
for Merced.
ONIONS— 50@75c per ctl; Pickle Onions, 35
©fiOc.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 65c(gjl per sack
and 75c@$l 23 per crate; Green Peas, l%@2c per
lb; String Beans, lS2%c; Llrr.as, 1%j&2c per lb;
Cabbage. 4Oi0EOc; Tomatoes, Bay, 3d@60c: Egg
Plant. 25© 40c per box: Green Okra, 23® 40c;
Green Peppers, 25@40c per box for Chill and 30
(ftCOc for Bell; Dried Peppers, 10@15c: Carrots,
25@25e per sack; Summer Squash, 25@10c for
Alomeda: Cucumbers, 25@40c for Alameda;
Pickles, $lff?l 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 6O@75c
for No. 2; Garlic. 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
J7@10 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, S%@4c; Yellow
Mustard, 4%@5c; Flax. J2S2 E0; Canary. 3%o
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4@4%c.
DRIED PEAS— N'lles, Jl 23@1 75; Green, |1 80
@2 05 per Ctl; Blackeye, Jl 60.
Dealers look for more activity in Beans as
soon as the new crop arrives In any volume,
as there Is considerable inquiry. At present
the market Is almost bare and trade is dull.
BEANS— Bayos, J2 60^2 75; Small White. J3 50
@3 75: Lanre White. $2 E0®2 65; Pink. $2 50®
2 65; Red. J3@3 25; Blackeye. $2 60@2 75; Lima
$5 1E@5 25; Pea, J3 75@4; Red Kidneys, S3 25®
3 EO.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay is strong at the advance already noted
and receipts are much smaller than they were.
The Government transports are taking out a
good deal. The military operations In China
and the Philippines are a godsend to the mar
ket. Even Volunteer Hay has begun to Im
prove.
BRAN— $15 50fM7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-^$1S@21 per ton.
FEEUSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, J16@17 50 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J26@27; jobbing,
J27 BOtff 28; Cocoanut Cake. J20©21; Corn Meal,
$2fi<&27: Cracked Corn, J26 50^27 50; Mixed Feed
»13 50-814.
HAY— Volunteer. J5@7 50; Wheat, J10@12 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10@12: Oat, JS 60@10 50;
Clover. J4Q6; Alfalfa, J6@7 50; Barley, J739
per ton.
STRAW— 30®37%c per bale.
The scarcity in Bran continues and prices
have again advanced. Middlings continue
firm.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR-Callfornla . Family Extras, J3 60gi
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3 4O®3 50;
Oregon and Washington. 12 ~l>@3 10 per barrel
.for family and J3 13@3 EO for bakers'; Eastern,
$4 75(55 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 r>er 1C0 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, ?2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, J3 50; Oat Groats, J4 50; Hom
iny, J3 50<§3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4iQ4 25;
Cracked Wheat. ?3 50; Farina, J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 25; Rolled Oat3 (barrels), J6@
7 25; la sacks, $5 75CT7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, JG; Green Peas, J5 60 per 100 lbs.
Quotations for these goods have remained
stationary for a long time.
Flour and Millstuffs.
BUCKWHEAT— Some came In and sold at
il 60@l 75 rer ctl. This is the first transaction
for months.
RYE— Is firmer at 90@92%C per ctl. The. ship
pers have kicked uj> most of the good lots and
the balance left in the hands of the farmers
is generally poor.
White, Jl lofgl 30; Surprise, Jl 35@1 40; Red.
$1 10.171 20; Gray, Jl lOffl 20; Black, for feed.
U 10&1 15; for seed. $1 15<31 20 per ctl.
CORN — Nominal, none here.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are still higher at 45s,
usual options, with several charters at this
rate. The chartered wheat fleet in port has a
registered tonnage of 45,200, against 26,400 tons
on the same date last year; dlsensaged, 27pO
tons, acainst E276; on the way to this port,
145. 600 tons, asainst 206,300.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris showed little
change. New York declined. " Chicago opened
weak, with few buyers. The feeling was un
settled, belhs alternately weak and firm. The
firmness was caused by continued wet weather
In ths Northwest and a moderate export de
mand and the weakness by speculative liquida
tion. Monday's decline forced out the weak
holders. St. Louis and Kansas City receipts
were 175.000 bushels, and 250,000 were taken for
shipment, but the market was unresponsive.
Local quotations were a fraction off on call,
with lleht trading.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 0£@l 06%; Milling:,
U 10® 1 UK.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 10,000
ctla. $1 15. December— 4,000, Jl 08W,.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 OS94.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2C00
ctls, U 08%; 32.0CO, Jl 08%. May— 8000, Jl 15.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 0S%; 4C00, Jl 08%. May-2000, Jl 15%; 4000,
U l-'i-
BARLEY— Offerings • meet with little atten
tion, and quotations etand as before.
Feed. 70i372%c for No. 1 and 65@67%c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 77%&
82%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls, 74'4c: 2000. 7IH-C.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Tho market continues very quiet at
the quotations which have ruled for a long
time.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — ¦* *s
Sterling Cables .; — * »9
New York Exchange, Bight — 0d
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 0i%
Fine Sliver, per ounce — f%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 @ ol
FOR TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 25.
Flour, qr sks 4«.r!* Middlings, sks .. IT3
Wheat. ct!s 12.312 Mu.-tanl. sks .... z~
Barley, ctls 3,liV. Hay. tons 3"'»
Pats, ctls *¦'¦>"¦ c tra\v, tons a
Tallow, ctls 22> Ropa. bales 183
Sugar, ctls Z, W'<* Wool. bal»s lfto
Cutter, ctls 113 leather, rolls ... J2
Cheese, ctls IS Quicksilver, flsks Ki
Beans, sks 1.701 Pelts. Mia r."
Potatoes, eks 2.2»'< Hides. No $;.*;
Onions, sks 2.3C3 Kick* . dozen (SO
Bran, sks 7b5 Wine. ga!s I1.4C0
WASHINGTON.
Hour, <jr ska 5.S.'? Bran, sks 3,4^1
Oats, ctls 400 Flaxseed. sks .... 1.S03
Receipts of Produce.
Exchange as before. Silver lower again.
Wheat freights advanced to 45s.
Wheat futures lower. Barley dull.
Oats quiet and in liberal supply. No Corn here.
Rye pretty closely bought up by exporters.
Buckzvkeat appeared in market.
Flour and Millstuifs stand as before.
Bran higher again and scarce. Middlings firm.
Hay rules strong, zvith an advance in volunteer.
Beans and Seeds show no further change.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in good supply.
Poultry market overstocked and weak. Game quiet.
Butter and Eggs firm, with small stocks.
Fresh Fruits quiet and featureless.
Dried Fntits steady, with a fair demand.
Nuts strong, zvith an advance in several kinds.
Raisins and Honey very firm at the , good prices.
Local packers report a good movement in Hams and Bacon.
Hops higher, with buyers bidding and growers holding back.
Wool neglected and featureless. Sheepskins dull and lozver.
Tallozv in heavy demand for Germany.
Mutton quoted rather firmer. Other Meats unchanged.
Local stocks and bonds dull.
Xcatsfoot Oil advanced.
Manila Rope a fraction oft.
So further change in Coal.
WASHINGTON, &?pt. 25— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance, $134,835,847; Sold, $77,070,590.
i Prime mercantile paper, 4% | @"5% per cent.
; Sterling exchange, heavy, with actual business
I in bankers' bills nt $4 P6% tor demand and at
;$4 S2»4©4 S2Tg for sixty days; posted rates, *1 83V4
1 @4 S4 and $4 87V4@4 »S. Commercial bills. $4 gX^
| 4 82%. Silver certificates, $62 :s i<fi63 ; !ic. Ear ell
j ver, $C8%c. Mexican dollars, 49',4c.
j Bonds— Government, weak; State, Inactive;
railroad. Irregular. (
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Sept. 25.— Money on call, steady
at 1%S?2 per cent.
Nku York Money Market.
LONDON. Sept. 25.— Atchieon. 2SV 8 ; Canadian
Pacific, SS^i; Union Pacific preferred, 73%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 70%; Grand Trunk,
6%; Anaconda, R%.
B&r Ellver, rteady, 2S%d. Money, ' S% per
cent.
CLOSING.
Payment of treasury bills and preparations
for the end of the qunrter caused tho market
to borrow about £2.000,000 from the Bank of
England at 4H per cent. Discounts were firm.
The bank lost £50,000 gold to Egypt
Silver was stiff to sllphtly lower, closing firm.
Copper shares were weak, Paris selling,
NEW YORK. Sept. 25.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram: The
markets here were idle and generally dull to
day, mainly being occupied by arrangement for
mining cantangoes. Americans opened over
parity and were fairly firm all day on bear
closing, though New York hesitated, trading
lightly on both sides. The close exhibited small
gains. The tono was more bullish than for
some time.
London Market.
United States 45
AVells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
420 American Cotton Oil 31%
....... American Cotton Oil prefd SS
200 American Malting 4
American Malting: prefd 20
ICO American Smelting & Refng «;*;
270 American Smelting & liefng prefd.. S6%
American Spirits 1%
American Spirits prefd 17
S50 American Steel Hoop i~%
600 American Steel Hoop prefd 64Vi
6,640 American Steel & Wire 30
100 American Steel & Wire prefd 71
1,220 American Tin Plate 2i> "
American Tin Plate prefd 77
1S.5C0 American Tobacco S6V4
American Tobacco prefd 125
420 Anaconda Mining Co 42
£4,0(10 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 48%
1,300 Colorado Fuel & Iron SO
L9S0 Continental Tobacco 29
810 Continental Tobacco prefd 75
1.S20 Federal Steel 391^
445 Federal Steel prefd 63~»
200 General Electric, ex dlv 132U
3i5 Glucose Sugar 4SV»
Glucose Sug-ar prefd 9S
1,200 International Paper Is
1,000 International Paper prefd 61%
£40 Laclede Gas 6S' !
National Biscuit 3i»,i !
National Biscuit prefd 84
National Lead 17M
610 National Lead prefd SS\i
425 National Steel prefd 23^
National Steel prefd S2V
E60 New York Air Brake 11C
345 North American 14%
100- Pacific Coast EC%
Pacliic Coast 1st prefd SO'
Pacliic Coast 2d prefd ,. 62%
100 Pacific Mail 27% •'
31,150 People's Gas S4Vi i
200 Pressed Steel Car 83 I
Pressed Steel Car prefd..: 70%
250 Pullman Palace Car 1S2
125 Standard Rope & Twine 4%
44,000 Sugar 113%
Su par prefd 114
9.S0O Tennessee Ccal & Iron S3
3,300 United States Leather 9%
100 United States Leather prefd 65%
]00 United States Rubber 27%
100 United States Rubber prefd i)2
265 Western Union 7S
1,080 Republic Iron & Steel 10%
Republic Iron & Steel prefd El
P C C & St Louis 4$
260.200 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg. ,L & N Unl 4s 96% i
when Issued ....103%: X Y Cent Ists 108'/* I
Do coup 104 IN J Cent sen 5s..l22'i '
Do 2s rpjr 103%: North Pac 2s $i\ j
; Do 3s coup 103'j.! Do 43 103% j
Do new 4s re~ . . 133% ; N Y C & St L 43..107Vi j
I Do new 4s COU?.133%|N & \V con 4s 97% 1
Do old 4s res.... 114%: Or Kav ists 1^9
Do old 4s cou;i..H5%! Do is 102
Do 5s res 112 ;o S Line Cs 127
Do 5s coud 113 Do con 53 114
i Dist of C 3.65s.... 123 | Reading Gen 4s... 86
I Atehison jren 4g...lOO»i!R -G W lats P8%
Do adjt 4s S5% S L & I M con 5s. 112
: Canada So 2ds lfifi^.S L & S F Gen 6s. 123
! C & O 4iis 9SVs St Paul con 16S
Do os US |St P C & P Ists.. 117% I
C & N con 7s. ...133%; Do 5s HS'i '
Do S F Deb 5s.'.120%jS P 4s 77% j
; Chicago Term 4s.. S2 ;So Ry 5s 108%. I
¦ Colo So -Is 73 i Standard R & T 6s 66 j
j.D & R G Ists 103%;Tex & Pac Ists ..112U j
Do 4s 6SV4' Do ids 59
Erie Gen 4s 67%;U P is 104%
Ft W & D C Ists.. 72 jW'abash Ists 117
! Gen Elec 5s 112 I Do 2ds 100%
I Iowa Cent Ist3 .J.113 West Shore 4s 112
j M K & T 2ds...'. 64 Wis Cent Ists .... 84
I Do 4s 90 IVa Centuries &i%
MINING STOCKS.
J Ehollar 15'Ontario 5 CO !
I Crown Point (MOphir 46 |
j Con Cal & Va 1 OJiPlymcuth 03
• Deadwood 43j3uicksilver 1 aO
I Gould & Curry 25 do prefd 6 oO
Hale & Noreross.. lS?ierra Nevada 2S
Homestake 50 CO standard 4 00
Iron Silver t>5 Union Con la
Mexican 26 Yellow Jacket .... 17
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westingh Elec 43%
Call loans 2%®3 Wis Cent 11
Time loans 3 @4% Bonds-
Stocks— |Atchison 99
A T & St Fe 26%! N E G & Coke 53. 59\i
Do prefd 6S\ij Minins Shares —
Amer Sugar 113 Vi i Adventure 3%
Do prefd 114'i! Allouez Min Co.... 1%
Bell Tel 137 iAmal Copper 88
I Boston &. Maine. ..188 lAtlantic 22%
j Chi Bur & Q 121 Boston & Mont. ...309
: Dominion Coal 33 Butte & Boston .. 50
Do prefd 110 Calumet & Hecla..74O
I Federal Steel 31% Centennial 13%
Do rrefd 63% Franklin 13
¦ Fltchburg prefd ..13o% I Humboldt 25
i Gen Electric 132%|Osceola 63
Do prefd 133 |Parrott 40
I Ed Elec 111 210 IQuincy U2
Mexican Cent 10% Santa Fe Copper .. 9
I Michigan Tel 85 j Tamarack 229
i N E Gas & Coke. 10 i Utah Mining 28
j Old Dominion 16 !Winona 2%
! Union Pacific .... 54% Wolverines SS
j West End 92 I
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 25.— The wheat market
started out weak in the face of firmness at
Liverpool . and unimproved weather In the
Northwest, October at 77%@77'Ao. The heavi
ness was due to pressure by longs who were
after profits. Northwest markets were lower
and there was selling for that account and
for foreigners as well. October early dropped
to 77Hc and a recovery to 77%1xT7'.4c took place
on incorrect world's visible figures and the re
port making the increase only 1,844,000 bushels.
Later the tigures were corrected to make the
increase 4.634. 000 bushel3 ana the liquidation
again commenced. October turned weak and
sold to 7CTic, at which the market closed, l»«t=
under yesterday.
There was a good cash demand for corn
and while the offerings were light the market
held firm. October closed He up at S99»®39Vic.
Oats were fairly active and easier. October
closed He lower at 21v4c.
Provision's ruled steady, with a fair volume
of business. A good cash demand was largely
responsible for the firmness, a« hog receipts
were 400O over the estimate. The January op
tion is now the most active. January pork
closed 5c higher, lard 5c up and ribs 2'ic bet
ter.
The leading futures ranged as follows ;¦-».
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ; _l_.
September 77% 77% 76^4 (6/ «
October 77'» 77% 76% <6%
November 7S^i 7S"« 77H 7i%
Corn No. 2 —
September 4H4 41% 41 41%i
October 3914 39% 39Vi 39V4
November 26^ ZG% 36% 36 7 /g
Oats No. 2—
September 21T^ 21% 21% 21%
October 22*s 22"4 21% 21 '<?
November 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Dork, per barrel-
October 1195 12 10 1199 12 00
January 1142% 1155 11 42H 1150
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October 7 02^ 7 07# 7 02tf 7 05
November 7 02^ 7 07& 7 00 7 05
January « 72% 6 80 6 72V4 6 77%
Short ribs, per 100 Dounds —
September 7 70 7 72V4 7 70 7 i2%
October 7 45 7 00 7 42% 7E0
January 6 10 6 15 6 10 6 12%
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 3 red winter. 6s 3d;
No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 6d; No. 1 California,
6s 6d@6s C^d. Futures, quiet; September, 6a
2%d: December, 6s 4&d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 4s
4%d; futures, quiet; October, 4a 4V4d; November,
4s 3d; December, 4s Ed.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, Ss €d.
£8Tsd; French rentes, lOOf 7Hc; cargoes on paa
eaRe, firm, but not active; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, S2s 6d; English country markets,
firm.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 25. — Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s 6%d; wheat In Paris,
quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French country
markets, weak.* ' , 'v
COTTON— Uplands, 6 15-lfis.
OILS-Callfornla Castor Oil, In cases. No 1
73c; pure, Jl 30; Llrfseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
75c: raw, 73c: case*. Ec more; Lucol. 63c per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil. ex
tra winter strained, barrels. 70c: canes 73c-
China Nut. 6S^72c per gallon: purs Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels, 6oe: cases. 70c; Sperm, pure, (Zc
Whale Oil, natural white. 374tif*2Hc per gal
lon: FIjh Oil. barrel*. 3."c: cases. 40e.
PETROLEUM, OASOLINE AND BENZINE
—Water White Ccal Oil. in bulk. 12V.C- Pearl
Oil. In cases, ISHc; Astral Oil. In cases. 134c
Star Oil, In cases, lS^c; Extra Star Oil in
cases, 22%c; Elaln<» Oil. in cases. »»*;: Eocene
20i£c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk. 13c :
Deodorlxed ftove Gasoline, in cases, 21c • Ben-
Jiln*. !n bKlk. 14c: Benzine. In cases, 20c* S6
degree Ge..«otine. in bulk, 21c; 86-desree Gaso
line. !n casw«. 27c.
TUnPKNTINE— Quoted at «lc r>er ration in
cases ana J^c in arums or iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD-Red Lead. 7V4<?
.^c per lb: White Lead. 7@7*ic, accordlns to
Quantity.
_ Crushed 7 .05c; Powdered. 6.63c; Candy
Granulated. 6. Coc: Dry Granulated. 6.55c- Con
foction»r* \ 6.E3o: Magnolia A. 6-l.-c; Extra
I-.-,:- 0 * , Gol J c ' n C. u.9.c; barrels. 10c more
w. il7 * ° J? ort: b «xfs. 50c more; f.O-lb
hairs 10c more. No orders taken for less than
WrM?- -\i£. r L e< T J L v " Ient - Homlnoea. half
barrrls. i.!0c: boxes. 7.£3c rer lb
« rt'K M J5 B ?~ n^S. rrlcp " a «-e as* follows: Pine.
Lath 4 f«t, S3 SOQI: pickets, $18; Shingles
*ii'r« fr. mm S n . ? nd W73 for fancy; Shakes.
It!! for split and $12 for sawn: Rustic. $2iS27.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2S®33c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26@30c; Solo Leather, light
26f2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@2Sc; Rough
Lenther, light. 2i{jt2Cc; Harness Leather, heavy,
32©2Se: Harness Leather, medium. SO®37c; Har
ness Leather, light. 29<g35e: Collar Leather 13
016c. ytr foot: Kip, finished, 4OCS0e per lb;
Veal, fln!«hea. B0®."3c: Calf, finished. 75c@Jl 20-
Sides, finished, 16<ffl7c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14<816e: Rough Splits. SifflOc per lb
TAXEAP.K- Ground. $26®2S per ton; Stick. $13
@2& i>er cord.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles. 3Vic: cases, 3%
©4c: imitation Eastern, 5c; Ecneless, 4%c;
strips, 5@6c; blocks, 5@5Hc; tablets. 6c; middles,
8%®7H«i desslcated, 75c.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 12%c per lb;
Sisal sizes and bale rope, 9Hc; Duplex, 8Hc-
Terms, 60 days or 1% per cent cash discount.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14315c for prime
washed. 12^4@13Hc for good washed, 13@14c for
good to prime washed p<^berry. 12@13c for good
to prime peaberry, llH©13c for good to prime.
10H@llc for good current mixed with black
beans, 9%ftllc for fair. 7%@&V4c nom. for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador— ni4S13'/4c for good
to prime washed. 10H<gllc for fair washed. 12
®13Hc for good to prime washed peaberry. ll®
ll»io for good to prime semi- washed. 10»i<gllc
for superior unwashed, 10%c for good green un
washed, 11®11%c for good to superior un
washed peaberry. "H@9o nom. for common to
ordinary. Nicaragua— 13@16c for prime to fancy
washed. 10»/4!gl2'4o for fair to strictly good
washed, lC\i<S ! 10»ic nom. . for good to superior
unwashed, ll^H^c nom. for good to prime un
washed ceaberry. Guatemala and Mexican—
13 l 4@17c for prime to fancy washed. 12Va@13c
for strictly good washed. ll@12c for good
washed, 9V©10^ic for fair washed. 9fi3Hc for
medium. 6?i®fc ; !ic for Inferior to ordinary, 13*3
14c for rood to prime washed peaberry, 110
HVia nom. for good to prime unwashed pea
berry. MH4@llc nom. for good to superior un
washed.
COAL— Wellington. S3 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $S; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7: Coos Bay,
$5 50; WalUend. $9; Co-operative Wallseod, $9;
Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel. $12
per ton; Coke, $16 per ton In bulk and $13 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45 per
2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton. according to brand.
CANNED FRUIT— Extras In 2H-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, $1 50: Cherries. $2
for black. $1 85 for white and $2 for Royal
Anne; Grapes. $1 35; Peaches, $1 65; Pears. $1 85;
Plums, $1 35@1 40; Quinces, $1 65; Strawberries,
Jl 75.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5%c: Wool Bags, 28H@32%c: Fleece
Twine, 7^c; Fruit Bags, 6H©6Kc for whlto and
8\iS?54c for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
Previous prices are quoted for all descriptions.
EEEF— 5%!S6c for Steers and <V»g5c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7® 8c; small, 7©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7V468c; ewes. 7®7V4c per
pound.
LAMB— S@8He Per lb.
PORK— Live Hoes. 5%c for small. BHc for
medium and 5&@5iic for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5@5Ue: dressed Hogs, 7%@S>4c
Mutton is quoted rather firm than otherwise.
Lamb Is unchanged and Veal stands about as
before. Beef has a wider range, but the general
market Is unchanged. Hogs are coming In
fairly.' but the packers did not succeed in break
ing the market to 5Hc aa they expected.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15315c; Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free, 14@76c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12014c; Southern Mountain, 12
months". !K210c; SdAithern Mountain, free, 7
months', ll#12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', S@llc; Humboldt and Mendocino, 16
@17c: Nevada. 13S16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6^4©8e: do Lambs'. S
@&c: Middle County. 9<311c per lb.
HOPS— UV4<31*Vbc per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9@9Hc; medium, SHc; light, 8c; Cow
hides, 8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 8#8Hc; Dry
Hldes, 15c; culls, 12c: Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf.
15c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings, 15S?25c each: short Wool, 30® 40c each:
medium, 5O@70c; long Wool, ~~>c1il\ each; Horse
Hides, salt. J2'rj2 23 for large, $1 75 for medium,
$1 for small and 50c {or co^jts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 50 for large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for small
and 25^i50c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c: winter
or thin skins, 17H@20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 75c: large and Bmooth, EOc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4V»c per lb; No.
2, ZIXZ^c; grease, 2@2Hc.
Wool Is neglected, featureless and nominal
Tallow is firm and has lately been very active
for German account, large transactions being
reported.
Hides show some changes and Sheepskins are
dull and lower. - ¦
Hops continue to advance. The growers have
forced the situation into their favor and buyers
have raised their bids to 14c without securing
supplies, as the growers are holding back. The
demand Is good, but there are only a few here.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, ll^c for light medium, 13c for light 13»*c
for extra light and 15>4c for sugar-cured; East
ern tugar-cured Hams. 12Hc; Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork, $13 50; extra clear, $19; Mess. $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12',4@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9'ic for pure: half-barrels, pure,
9ttc: 10-lb tins, 10c; 5-lb tins. 10V»c
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8\ic; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8}ic; five tierces, 8V«c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Packers are now reporting an active move
ment In Hams and Bacon, both on domestic
and export account, and price* are steady in
Provisions.
Honey is firm at the high prices.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 sizes, 3o;
40-50s 7c; 50-eOs. 5Vic: 60-70?. 3%c: 70-80S. 3Hc:
S0-9Os. 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2Vic: 100s and over. 3o;
rubies. Vic premium; Sonomas, He and San
Joaqulns >ic less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over which stand the same. Aprtcots. 6
@Sc for Royals and 10@ll^c for Jloorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6©6c; sun-dried. 3<34c;
Peaches, 5@5%c for standard. 6®6M<S for choice
and 7@8c for fancy; Pears, 3@7c: Plums, pitted,
5®6%c; unpltted, l^l^c; Nectarines, 5®5Hc for
red and 6HS fi c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy,
12c per lb; cholc«, lie; standard. 8%c: prime,
8c; unbleached. Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sul
tanas—Fancy, lO^e per lb: choice, 9%c: stand
ard. S%c: nrlme. 8c: Unbleached Sultanas. 8c;
Seedless. 50-lb boxes. 6Hc; 2-crown loose Mus
catels, 6c; 2-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c: London
Layers, 2-crown. $1 00 per box; 3-crown, $1 80;
Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehe&a, 12 50; Imperial. $3.
All prices f. o. b. at common shipping ooints
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, l5@20c per lb; "Walnuts,
No. 1 softshell, lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell,
10c; No. 2. V£c: Almonds, 15@18c for paper
shell. ll®12V4e for softshell; Peanuts, 5@«c for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. 11013c: Cocoanuts, $3 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. 13%@14^ic for bright and 12"4
if?13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7^ ©8c; light amber extracted, l@7y.c-. dark, 6
@8V4c per lb.
BEESV.'AX— 24S26c per lb.
While the demand for Dried Fruits Is not
especially active the market Is In good shape
for sellers and a slight Improvement in Apri
cots and Plums will be seen. The movement In
Prunes is fully up to the autumn average.
The new Raisin prices seem to be satisfactory
to everybody, and an active market is prom
ised, especially as Currants are scarce and
Nuts are very firm and several descriptions
show an advance, aa will be seen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
PEACHES- 40e65c per box. Ma . to 31
GRAPES— Muscat, K«S5c per crate, black 3 J
@60c; Tokay. 50@63c; lobelia 60®.^. Corni
chon. 50<??C0c; "Wine Grapes. «8®2O for white
and J23S25 per ton for Zinfandel.
MELON8-Nutme K s, 25<S'50c Per case Canta
loupes. 50c<ffU 50 per crate; Watermelons. J*(?
18. with extra lanre at J20©25 per 100. ¦
CITRUS FRUITS-Seedllng Oranges. Jl@l 53.
Valenclas. S3&4; Lemons. $1 M®250 for com
mon and J3@3 50 for good to choice^ M«»;
can Limes. $305 50: Bananas. $1 50@2 «0 per
bunch; Pineapples, Jl 50® 3 50 per dozen.
PERSIMMONS— 75c per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES-5C per 1b.
POMEGRAN\VTES-35<ge5cj?er small box.
PLUMS-25@50c per box and 50@65c per crate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The latest scheme for adding to tha
comfort of convicts Is to provide a numoer
of cycles for the purpose of exercise la
the prison yard.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
SEPTI
JE
1M0.
i.
B. M. T. (^ _TJ
~T~1 7\ si e
"T 10 11 I 15 [ 13 |
1« 17 19 I 1» | 3> J
"a" it jc] :a i :t |
"so I ! I t
MM
J a j 35
i i i
Moon's Phaaes.
Flr»t Quarter.
ii Sect^mtwr 15-
-. .\f» -Moon.
SEPTI
JE
1M0.
i.
B. M. T. (^ _TJ
~T~1 7\ si e
"T 10 11 I 15 [ 13 |
1« 17 19 I 1» | 3> J
"a" it jc] :a i :t |
"so I ! I t
MM
J a j 35
i i i
Moon's Phaaes.
Flr»t Quarter.
ii Sect^mtwr 15-
-. .\f» -Moon.
AUCTION SALE
£?& at 5^
grand arcade horse market
227 SIXTH ST.
THIS DAY (Wednesday).... Sept. 28, at lla. m.
lly oroer of J. C iJ^nnam of CMc-ago, are will
sell 75 sets of new harness, consisting of b'.is-
gy. wagon and team, double and single; also
SO head of hir>"»s anrl mares.
SULLIA'AN & DOYLK. Auctioneers.
EMIL COIIN. ArCTIONEEP.. will sell to-
day. Wednesday. September 28. at II o'clock
a. m. . the nice oak furniture, carpets, bedding-,
bed linen, blankets, pillows, spring amt h.i;r
mattresses, crockery, glassware, etc., etc., of
cottage of 6 rooms,. 10 Day Ht., near Thirtieth
and Guerrero. ' EMIL COIIX. Auctioneer.MISS GRACE FERN, THE TAL
ENTED NIECE OP GENERAL
SH AFTER. WHO READ FOR
THE CALIFORNIA CLUB.
MRS. BOTKIN IGNORED
IN HEB FATHER'S WUjTj
Richard Brown's Small Estate Left to
His Favorite Daughter,
Dora.
EpeoJal Dispatch to The Coll.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 25.— The nuncupa
tive will of Richard Brown, father of Cor
delia Botkln, was filed for probate with
the County Clerk this afternoon. Richard
Brown was kicked by a horse In Healda
burg and on the 30th of August last died
from the effect* of his Injuries. He left
an estate valued at about $1300, all of
which he leaves to one daughter, Dora
Brown of San Francisco. Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin. with five other children. Is not
mentioned In the will. The document in
full Is 36 follows:
I, Richard Brown, do vrlll and bequeath all
my property to my daughter, Dora Brown,
trusting that she will do right by mother s.nd
care for her durinK her remaining days. I am
not foreetful of my other children, but I wa.nt
Dora to . care for mother and have all mj
property. She will do right. I can trust her.
THE Iadie3 of the California Club
held their first open meeting? of
this season yesterday afternoon In
the Y. M. C. A, building and of
fered their many guests a delight
ful programme of recitation and song. It
was the most charming affair the Cali
fornia Club has ever given and served to
Introduce a new comer, Miss Grace Fern,
the niece of General Shaf ter. Miss Fern
was down on the programme for a read
ing. "Ma Molselle," a dainty bit from the
pen of Florence Guertin, which she gave
with eo much tact and grace and delicious
shading that she won the spontaneous ap
plause of the large and fashionable audi
ence present. In fact, the reception of
Miss Fern was an ovation, and at the
"tea" which followed the entertainment
the talented young woman was congrat
ulated by all the dub members and their
guests.
To Mrs. George Law Smith belongs the
honor of arranging the programme for
the afternoon— a programme so well se
lected that no number was allowed to go
without an encore.
Mrs. Lovell "White, the president of the
club, presided and a number of the club
members constituted themselves* a recep
tion committee and looked after the pleas
ure and comfort of the guests. ¦ .
The programme of the afternoon in full
was as follows:
Piano solo, Mrs. ' Cushing: reading, "Ma
Molselle" (Mile. Florence Guertin). Miss Grace
Fern; bobbs. (a) "Eln Bin Ich Nieht Allelne"
(Weber), (b) "Still as the..- Night" .(Bohm).
Miss Grace F. Nutting; character sketches, (a)
"Mrs. O'Flaherty on Grand Operry" (original),
(b) "Is I Gwine ter Marry Jim?" Jean Durell.
SHAFTER'S NIECE READS
FOR CALIFORNIA CLUB
Hesults at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 25.-Result»:
One mile. selllngr-SalUe Lamar won, Mr.
Brookwood second. Sylvan third. Time, 1:44.
Five furlonirs, selling— Merriman won. Pynta
second, Athara third. Time, l:02H-
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Otnella won,
Isaac second. Duchess VI third. Time. 1:51.
Six fiTrlongs. selling— Harry Duke won, E!§1«
Barnes second. Colonel Gay third. Time. 1:15H-
One mile, selling: — Einstein won. Kitty Clyde
second, Celeste d'Or third. Time, 1:43V».
Six furlongs, selling— Curd Gtlloek won, Ned
Wlckes second. Beat third. Time. 1:14*4-
"Winners at Detroit.
DETROIT, Sept. 25.— Results at Wind
sor:
Five furlongs— Henry's Sister won. Daisy
Chain second. Sara Gamp third. Time. l:0«i.
Six furlongs— Russian won. Queen Victoria
second Amoroso third. Time. 1:1«4.
Five and a half furlong:*, selling:— Lake Fonso
won. Onoto second, George L« Bar third. Time.
Mile and a sixteenth— Sir Fltzhnrh won.
Handicapper second, Brulare third. Time.
» Six furlongs, selling— Prince Zeno won. Ca
vallo second. Tortugas third. Time. 1:15.
Mile and twenty yards, selling; — Doable
Dummy won. Miss Soak second. Windward
third. Time. 1:43.
Good I>ay at Hawthorne.
CHICAGO. Sept. 25.— "Weather clear at
Hawthorne, track fast. Results:
Seven furlong*— Icenl won, Al Brown second.
Hanswurst third. Time, 1:29%.
Six furlongs— Tame Irishman won, Jake
Weber second, Loyaletta third. Time. 1:14H-
Five and a half furlongs— Kasan won, Tyr
tecond. Handyman third. Time. lKTT^.
Seven furlongs— The Lady won. Prejudice sec
ond. Sly third. Time. 1:2814- y_ ¦ -'' ¦
One mile and a quarter— Molo won. Our Nel
lie second. Topmast third. Time. 1:07%.
One mllo and seventy yards— Louisville won,
Trebor second. Locust Blossom third. Time.
l:*3tt. - ri- f
At Fort Erie Track.
BUFFALO. Sept 25.— Results at Fort
Erie:
Six and a half furlong*— J. H. Bloan won.
Allie H second, Aleen Wilson third. Time.
1:23%.
Four and a half furlonirs— Tr*m*r won. Mag
gie W second. The Jade third. Time. :WA,
Six furlonrs— Loiter -won. Porington second.
Gray Dally third. Time. 1:15*;.
Six and a half furlonr»— Violent won, Sal
vado »eccnd. Sauce Boat third. Time, 1:22.
Six furlonKS— Donna Seay won. Kings* Favor
ite second. Lizzie A third. Time, 1:13V
Six and a half furlongs— Our Lizzie won. Exit
second. Plllanllst third. Time, 1:31.
Across the Water.
LOXTX)N, Sept. 25.— The all-age Belling
plate race at the opening of the Newmar
ket autumn races was won by. Danny Ma-
Henry Le Blanch was granted a divorce
from Katherlne Le Blanch by Judge
Hunt yesterday.. The decree was issued
on the ground of cruelty. Decrees of di
vorce were also granted yesterday to
Samuel ZIsps from Fannie Zises on the
ground of desertion and Alice Flgone from
John Figone on the ground of willful
neglect.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Julius C. Anderson against Louise "M.
Anderson for cruelty; Sophie Nelson
against Christian Xelson for cruelty; Rose
C. Kobinson against Xorval Robinson for
failure to provide; Carmellta G. Salcedo
against Stephen It. Salcedo for desertion;
Susan M. Hostetter against Augustus
G. Hostetter for cruelty; Maggie Brunt
against Ralph Brunt for failure to pro
vide; Sylvia Belle Chapman against
Harry S. Chapman for failure to • pro
vide, and Angela Devlcenzi against
KmiMo Devlcenzi for cruelty.
In the Dirorce Court.
over him, had the red bunting flashed in
his lace at the outset.
Goshen Jim. whose sire, Mopes S, won
a race at Sacramento some years' ago at
odds of 100 to 1, turned the trick in the
2:10 class pace. His performance In the
first heat, which went to Wild Nutllng.
the backed one, was not so good, but he
paced better after the judges extended an
invitation to the driver to enter the stand
and listen to a little of the old talk. Del
phi received careful handling at the hands
of Owner Whitehead.
The first running event" went to Articu
late. The brown colt went to the post a
1 to 3 chance and won all by himself.
Algura, a warm tip, grabbed the placo
from Gertie B.
A sprint over the futurity course fol
lowed for which Mike Rice carried the
big coin bet at odds of 3 to 2. A long
delay at the post did not help the favor
ite's chances and Frank Woods led him
over the line a head. The winner was
well played and so was Komany, which
finished third.
With a couple of wins to his credit It
began to be believed that Pilot might bo
a crackajack and he closed favorite over
Jennie Reid for the mile selling run.
Pilot was prominent for a ways and then
quit, Jennie winning cleverly from Klck
umbob, the pacemaker.
" A stirring finish marked the close of
the *day's sport, February^ Novia and
Amasa finishing almost necks apart at the
wire In the order named. Amasa led In
the stretch, when he began tiring. Feb
ruary was piloted by Howson, which ac
counted for the books laying 4 to 1 about
the mare.
SUMMARY:
First race— Trottlne, 2:20 class; heats, two
in three; purse $300:
llateie McKlnney, br. .to., by McKln
ney (W. O. Durfee) 13 1
Juan Chleo, ch. g., by Bay Rum (Hell
man) 9 13
Hank. b. g., by Vasto (Edge) S 3 3
Vendome. b. c. by Iran Alto (Bunch)... dls
Time— 2:22%, 2:20, 2:22%. t
No very extensive amount of guessing
was Indulged in over the result of the
2:20 trot. Magpie McIClnney everybody
considered a cinch and she did win, after
losing the second heat to Juan Chlco.
The track was cuppy and fast time was
an impossibility. Vendome, with debo
nair Charley Bunch holding the ribbons
Two harness and four running event!
were decided at the Golden Gate Fair As
sociation meet at Oakland track yester
day. The first named events caused con
siderable amusement for the booking fra
ternity because It was generally supposed
the drivers held a sort of family reunion
before each heat. As a consequence the
prices listed against the trotters and
pacers were extremely light. After the
racing it was rumored tne harness brigade
people were angry and might refuse to
play to-day. Of four runners sent to the
poet Articulate alone came home with the
merchandise, and at that the books only
enjoyed a light day.
Goshen Jim and Maggie Mc-
Kinney Harness Event
Winners.
MIXED SPORT AT
OAKLAND TRACK
. Sixth race— Six furlontrs; three- year-olds and
uriward; pelllnc: -~< • V '¦'•;'-'¦
1191 The Miller.. .....103 1253 Mocorlto ..113
1192 Brown; Prince... 103 120S High Hoe.. ......103
1255 Midlove 103 1257 PomDlno 109
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward:- selling:
1251 Merry Boy.. .....114 1280 Croker ...114
1257 Casdale .....;....114 1253 Socialist 114
1253 Flush of Gold... 108
Fourth 4 race^-Flve furlongs: three-year-olds
and upward; selllnz:
1136 For Freedom. ...103 1260 Druidess 103
1196 Ahwahnee 103 Dianora 119
1228 Louise Hayman.103 1028 Gussie Fay ....103
1157 I^etigrer 103 1255 JaCk McCabe....lO9
10SS Pldalla ..103
Third race— Five furlongs: three-year-olds and
upward: selline: ;-.-¦¦¦ •
1240 Briar Hill 112 1171 Mahogany ......109
1257 Gtlberto ....119 1031 Canejo ......;.. ,U3
1257 Zarro .'.......110 1215 Harry Gwynne..H2
1255 Sister Lizzie 119 1250 St. Anthony 10}
Second race— J:15 pace; purse J500; mile heata.
2 in S: I
Cleon . Dictatus
Doc Wllket Our Boys' Sister.
Glenway ,
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First rac*— 2:13 trot; purse $500: mile heata, I
In b:
Charles M | Dora Doe
Miss Jess!« J Ned Thome.
Claudius I
To-Day's Entries.
Racing Secretary Ralph Tozer Informed
the press last night that the San Fran
cisco Jockey Club had selected Dick
Dwyer to do the starting at Tanforan
Park the cQming season. Dwyer met with
much success around the Western tracks*
and was very popular with horsemen and
the public. He will use a gate of his own
invention In dispatching the horses.
In anticipation of a great racing season
300 new stalls will shortly be constructed
at Tanforan. The contemplated steeple
chase course will also be completed.
There will be a stock parade at Oakland
track to-morrow forenoon, the first since
th© meeting opened.
Track Notes.
Candlelight (106), Panamlut (112), Storm King
(112) and Homestake (109) also ran.
Fourth race — Futurity course; puree J250:
J. W. Donathan'B b. %., Frank "Woods, 98,
(Stuart). 4 to 1 1
Mike Rice. 109. b. g., by J. H. Fenton-Mrs.
McAllister (Tullett). 3 to 2 2
Romany. 109. br. e., by Ben Strome-Oypey
(Ruiz), 11 to 5 2
Time— 1:13^4.
Druldess (103), Sidelong (U«, Vlf Argent
(108), Tolly Tott (98). Fernet OS), Croker (111),
Atelos OS) and Swlftwater (108) also ran.
Fifth nee — One mile; sellinc: purse $230:
Abbey Stable's b. m., Jennie Reid, 110, by Kl
Rio Rey-Fonsetta (J. Walsh), 11 to 10 1
Klckumbob. 94. br. g., by Idallum-Maria F
(Logue). 9 to 2 2
Pilot. 103, b. z-, by Morello-Adelanto (J.
Woods), even S
Time— 1:43V^.
Little Sister (104), Stromo (104), Nona Such
(106) and Kvlrato (114) also ran.
Sixth race — Six furlongs; celling; purse $250:
J. S. Gibson's ch. m., February, 112. by St.
Carlo-Sister to Ruth Ryan (Howson), 4 to L 1
Novla. 112, b. m.. by imp. IMlnrton-Alleen
(J. Woods). 8 to 5 2
Amawa. 109. b. g., by Capt. Al-Lady Intruder
(Frawley), 7 to 2 3
. Time— 1:16%.
Third race— Five furlonKs: purse J250:
R. de B. Lopez's br. c. Articulate, by St.
Andrew-Utter (Shields). 1 to 3 1
Algura, b. f., by Emperor of Norfolk (Collis).
3 to 1.... i
Gertie B, b. f., by Lordlike (Mounce). 15 to 1. 3
Time— 1:04.
Princess Leota (110), Lassitude (115). Helulm
(110), Richard S (105) and Plcklow (106) also
ran. •
Second race— Paclne. 2:10 class; heats, three
In five; nurne $500:
Goshen Jim, b. h.. by Moses S (Eddy) 4 111
Wild N'utlinjr, b. h.. by Wlldnut (Hell
man) 1 3 4 J
Edna R. b. m., by Sidney (Tralnor).. 3 2 2 -4
Delphi, blk. a., by Director (White
head) 2 4 8 »
Tlme-2:21tt. 2:16*4. 2:18. 2:18V4.
Opera Well Acted and Shows the Re
sults Of Careful Re
hearsing'.
As a wMeome relief to the tragic gloom
of grand opera as we have so far heard
it at the Tlvoll Opera-house, "The Barber
of Seville" comes with its merry plot and
joyful ending.
It is well put on and aroused a large
enthusiasm, but It has not yet taken on
the whole the finished ensemble— for this
old UosRinl opera is difficult, indeed, in
that regard— that It will show later on in
the week. And yet in some places, the
big septet, for example, the ensemble ia
excellent, showing a careful and conscien
tious rehearsal.
.Ferrari wins another triumph as Klg
aro. His natural bent is evidently for
comedy, and his barber Is as supple, talk
ative, plausible, good-naturedly meddle
some a knave as one could wi'sh to see.
The "l^argo al Factotum" received a
triple Fncore and was sung in fine bragga
docio fashion. Russo's role, the mock he
roic hero, Almarina, fits him like a glov*
and is sung and acted with an anctuous
appreciation of its possibilities. Nlcollnl
scored a distinct success as the cadaver
ous shovel-hatted and Koutaned Don Ba
slllo. and Gustavo Panlzza did excellent
work as Dr. Bartolo, from an acting
standpoint. He does not happen to pos
sess a votce, but it was hardly missed.
Repetto. of course, sings Rosina, and
her delicate, airy-fairy fooling and lovely
vocalization show her at her sweetest,
and the good work of Mr. Newbauer In
the flute obligate to Repetto's "Singing
Lesson" solo must be highly commended.
Poiltlnl makes the most of the housekeep
er's part.
THE MERRY "BARBER"
SUNG AT THE TTVOLI
<"r.np"qupntly Captain Goodall cleared up
the handsome profit of $C0 per share at
least. As he had many shares his gross
profit must have reached a verv hand
some figure.
The Secretary of the Treasury haa no
tified the Collector of the Port that the
State Department has recopnlzed D. <:. d»i
Amo as honorary Consul for Spain at the
port of San Francisco for the States of
California, Utah. Montana. Wyoming.
Idaho. "Washington. Oregon, Nevada and,
the Territories of Alaska and Arizona.
New Consul for Spain.
Th«* Fault person said that Captain
GoodaSl went out because he saw a
chance to make a great deal of money by
parting with his stock. This he purchased
when the consolidation of the Giant Pow
der Company with the Safety Xitro Com
pany took place. Then the stock was
falling at $25 per share. The price has re
cently been JR3 per share and upward.
Captain Goodall said that all there was
*to the matter was that he had sold his
Ftock. He was frequently the seller and
purchaser nf stocks, he said. An officer
of the company said that Mr. Bishop had
purchased only as an investment and
there was no other meaning: to the tran
paction. The company had never been
busier than now in the manufacture of
explosives, the monthly output ranging
from !*** .000 to 1.000.000 pounds.
When the chanpe in the hoard became
known in the commercial community
thert was some inquiry concerning it.
Officers and directors of the company
psld last evening that the change did not
mran that there was to be any change
in the management of the properties or
In the methods of carrylnp on the busi
rws. It was also denied that there was
gny deal in view looking toward a con
solidation with any other corporation.
A change took place ypsterday in the
board of directors of the Giant Powder
•'.'nmpany. Captain Edwin Goodall. hav
lr.p recently sold out a very lar^e share
cf his holdings of the stock of the cor
poration, retired from the board. At the
? lection to fill the vacancy yesterday
Thomas B. Bishop was* chosen. He is the
purchaser of part of the Goodall holdings
cf stock.
Captain Goodall Retires and
Attorney Bishop Is
Elected.
CHANGE MADE IN
BOARD OF GIANT
POWDER COMPANY
Ippine Islands who were loyal to the
Spaniards, and when the latter uvre de
feated by the Americans imrr-priiately of
fered their services to T'rcle Sam. Cap
tain HaJI w.is injured one dark riij^ht by
i.Winx 4>\rr s pr»<-ipic«« with his horpf"
; ' • : Solid P..?s wir.lf chasing i* band of
In* argents. He Is now in th'.s city, inva
lided. ; -r.rt has orders to pa on to Wash-
Inglon us roon as he is strong enough to
toeke tive trip.
"I had exceptional opportunities to
hero, Oencral Lawton, appreciate^ the
fighting Qualities of Captain Hall and told
him that if he would come down to Ma
nila he would plve him plenty of figtitiiip.
Hall was appointed lieutenant in the
Thirty-third Infantry, recruited in Texa-«,
:¦"'', arrived in Manila In September. He
win Immediately appointed by General
l.a*toi: oapti.in of the MacaheN? scouts.
There wre the only -latives :n the F*hll-
<";'.jitHin I^ee Hall is an old Indian fipht
r-T. and was in charjre of the Tfxas Ranp:
-¦rs from ITQ till the close of 1PS2. A volun
tecr regiment was formed in Texa* in
August a year apo to po to the Philip
pines to fisrht the insurgents. The brave
( lose of the war In the Phillipines."
-r nre the words of C3ptain Leo Hall
f Pan Antonio. Tex., a life-long Demo
?. who has just returned from the Isl
• •! .if l^uaon. whore he was in charge of
: ¦ Mjicabebe scouts.
1> TKINK it is the duty of every good
i American citizen to vote for McKin
ley in the cominp Presidential con-
JL te*t- With his election will come »he
i study the natives," paid Captain Hail yes-
I torday in :>.n Interview. "The natives of
I the 1'hilippir.es are polite, pleasant and
i the cleanest people that are not civilized |
In the world. I have been among Indians
nil ray life, lut they are not to be com
rar^d to the Filipinos, who are far su- I
pprior to thorn; in fact, they are better \
than tlie natives of Cuba or Porto Rico.
But they are totally unfit to govern them
selves; and they iiave not ihe slightest
crmcoption of what real liberty Is. As
for tho country, it is the finest tropical
rejrion in the world. Luzon, which is as
larjTf ;;? Now York, can grow nearly any
thlng rnd is a groat Island. There IB very
little sickness among Europeans follow-
I ins; the ordinary conditions of life, and.
the Fo!diors who are subjected to long:
marches and unaccustomed to the rlimate
h?vf> hardly any extensive sickness. It is
not to be compared to Cuba, and the sick
re?? is rarely of a Ferious sort.
"Thore is 'no question that Aguinaldo
started the fijrht down at Manila and that,
h? was tempted by people who promised
him srvater thing's than did the Ameri
cans. J am a Democrat and ?.n American
citizen, but I feel that it if= my duty to
vote for McKinley in the romlrip election
because If he is re-rlocted the war will
ceafe. I mot scores of prominent Philip
pine merchants while I was down there,
and they all wanted to know what chance
Jiryan. or "Doctor" Bryan, as tjiey call
him down tl)«rc ptood of beinp our next
Provident. McKfnloy has Riven a pood
; administration down in the Islands, he hag
i sent down competent men to take charge
| r.f the affairs and if he is re-elected we
win -^er- everything running smoothly in
I a very short time."
Theodore Kruttschnitt Will Not Re
turn to San Francisco With.
His Parents.
Theodore H. Kruttschnitt. the brilliant
young son of Julius Kruttschnitt. general
manager of the Southern Pacific Railway
Company, has just entered the freshman
class of the civil engineering course of
the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute of
Troy. N. Y.
Young Kruttschnitt has always demon
strated a remarkable love for engineering
and during the present trip of the family
East his father cast about for the best
Institution he could find for th*> boy's*
training. Mr. and Mrs. Kruttschnitt are
expected to return to the coast within
the next fortnight.
HAS ENTERED AN EASTERN
SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING
A few days ago a San Francisco morning pa
per had occasion to criticise the action of cer
tain university students who have a propensity
tor coming home on the last boat. We are
very sorry to be compelled to notice this occur
rence editorially. We have all along consid
ered it our provlncp not to meddlo with the
private, affairs of the students but to deal only
with those thlnts that nre of vital Interest to
us all. Wo liitve passed ovr-r again an<l ayrnln
miFdeeds perpetrated by university students,
not wishing to occupy the attention of out
readers with such recitals, and doubting very
much If any good could come from such edi
torial comment.
At last, however, forbearance has ceased to
be a virtue. The time has come when some
thing must bo done by some one to remedy
As reported by Editor Dickson these col
legians were guilty of breaches of de
corum not calculated to impress witnesses
with the refinement or cultun of the
rioters. . x .
The comment is under the caption,
"College Traitors.". It is In full as fol
lows:
Such Is the tenor of the criticism which
Edward A. Dlckson, editor-in-chief of the
Californian. stirred the student body
with this morninp. Hl3 text wus the nar
rative of some disorderly conduct of sev
eral university men on a streetcar.
BERKELET. Sept. 23. — Student?
and faculty of the University of
California were startled to-day
by the appearance in the Cali
fornian, the 'college dally, of an
editorial blast upon the alleged miscon
duct of student carou&ers. who were held
up In bold type as "intoxicated hoodlums"
and disgraces to the university, whose
name they had flaunted as title to the
right tr» conduct themselves In public In
most disreputable fashion. The editorial
breathed hot denunciation and threatened
personal disprace upon offenders who
should be again brought before the bar
of public opinion because of their rowdy
ism.
The Instances are so rare where college
publications have pursued Mich a course
as» the Californian did to-d^y that the edi
torial has been the one topic of discus-
TVe nre extremely sorry to have been com
pelled to notice this deplorable Incident. b»tf
it is only Just t" the bett»r clans of students
that the worM know that we do .r.ot approve
of such doing?. We object to be Judgred b7
the standard set by these disreputable mem
bers of our body.
These men are perhaps the hope of some
father and mother who may have denied them
fpIvps to give their sons opportunities forhlcher
education. In perfect candor we can say they
nre gettlnff it. How would such fellows feel
to have the Californian publish their names?
Some day. if these insults to the name of our
university do not\ cease, a list of names may
appear in these columns.
Tiring of insulting defenseless women, they
turned their attention to a Chinaman. They
took possession of his hat and proceeded to
have a good time as only intellectual college
men can. This, too, wns all right, ns he was
only a heathen and the heathen should, in the
nature of things, be enlightened as to all as
pects of Christian civilization— and especially
the ways of our Institutions of learning.
We refer to a Fpeeiflc instance. On last Sun
day night two drunken university students
boarded a Telegrranh avenue car In Oakland.
On this car happened to be two ladles from
Berkeley— a very old lady and her daughter.
These university students— may their cheeks
record the blush— so far forgot themselves as to
use ohsceno language in the presence of these,
lnfl!<««. Kven more, they applied opprobrious
erlthets to the women, who, to the shame ot
a cowardly conductor, were forced to endure
puch insult. Of course we can excuse this as
the briys were "college fellows out for a good
tlm»." Rf-Mdes. th(>y were drunk— a highly
puitahle condition for colleee men.
abuses that are becoming too flagrant to ba
bearable. When ladles cannot ride on the late
cars from Oakland without being: Insulted by
drunken college toughs; when an Inoffensive
Chinaman Is maltreated by men openly boast
lne of their university standing as an excuse
for their misdeeds; when night is made hideous
by the shouts and obscene language of intox
icated hoodlums, students of the University of
California. It seems to us common decency de
mands that something must be, done. Such
actions must bear the mark of student con
demnation.
Upon the ground that he was unin
formed upon the facts President Wheeler
declined to express an opinion upon the
publication.
The editorial was all risht. This is an affair
which students should deal with. They can do
more than the faculty. Men who brln? dis
prace on the colleee should be known. Stu
dents should not protect them by keeping their
names from the public. They should be known
and put out of colleee.
If the acts were as represented In the edi
torial then the comment was all right and
timely, but I have not yet been able to con
vince myself that it was absolutely correct.
I have inquired around among the students and
could find rii? proof that the assertions were
absolutely true. If the editorial is exasperated
then it is In the wrong according to the amount
of exaggeration.
D. A. Gordenker, editor of the Occident,
the university weekly, said:
Although the editorial has caused widespread
comment the students recognize that It Is true.
Even the fellows themselves do not condemn
the stand the Californian has taken, but ac
knowledKe that they were in the wronff. I
believe that for the protection ,of the name of
the university and the reputation of the. stu
dents the drunkenness of a certain few
college men should be openly condemned.
These men who go about on trains, boats and
streetcars in an intoxicated condition and boast
that they arc from the university do much to
hurt us. The specific case mentioned in the
editorial is an actual happening;.
Ralph Fisher, president of the Associat
ed Students, said:
slon. Many of the students were free l«
say that the criticism was Just so far as
It might be applied to the lapse or wrong
doing of an individual, but It was said
that there would be grave doubts of the
expediency of the bitter arraignment of
the students because of the general tip
pllcation that might be given to It.
Editor Dlckson justifies the editorial
and Its publication upon the declaration
that the actions of which he complained
were actual occurrences and that he had
knowledge of the truth of his published
statements. Here is what the editor said
to-day:
CAPTAIN LEE HALL. INDIAN FIGHTER AND FORMER DEMOCRAT.
WHO AFTER CAMPAIGNING IN PHILIPPINES SAYS HE WILL
VOTE FOR McKlNLEY.
A UNIVERSITY JOURNALIST VTHO TOOK OCCASION IN HIS PAPER TO MAKE A FEW TORRID EDITORIAL.
REMARKS AND PREFKR SERIOUS ACCUSATIONS AGAINST FELLOW COLLEGIANS, AND THE HEAD
OF THE STUDENT BODY, WHO DENIES THAT A FEW SWALLOWS MAKE A WHOLE SUMMER.
Results at Oravesend-
NEW YORK. Eept. 25. — In the Bay Shore
stakes to-day at Gravesend Mcehanus was
favorite, but L!eber Karl galloped home
and won easily In fast time from The
Pride. The time, 1:09 4-5, constituted a
new track record.
It was announced to-day that Bullman
had signed to ride for 8. C. Hildreth next
year. Results:
About six furl on rs— Elizabeth M won. Luna
second, The Musketeer third. Time. 1:10 4-5.
Mile and a sixteenth Flueron won. Star
Chimes second. Kamara third. Time. 1:49.
Bay Shore stakes, about six furlongrs — Lieber
Karl won. The Pride second. Meehanu* third.
Time. 1:09 4-5.
About six furlonsrs, selling— Hlmtlme won.
Buffoon second. Fluke third. Time. 1:10 t-5.
One and an eighth miles — Androntcus won.
Intrusive second. Serrano third. Time. 1:53 4-5.
Five and a half rurlonss— Animosity won,
Dar-cerfield second, The Golden Prince third.
Time. 1:05 2-5.
2:O8H. 2:"S*i. Colbprt won the first h*-at In
2:0SH. Argetta and Toboggan also started.
2:12 class, trotting, purse $1000— Archie W won
the fourth, fifth and sixth heats In t:lSW 2:ll l i.
2:12. Georpeanna won the second and third
heata in 2-AZM.. 2:tlV4- Nell Gwynne won th5
first heat In 2:10%. Chain Shot. Prince of In
dia. Tudor Chimes, Alverda Elklns. Senator
K, Palmleaf. Sag: B. Greenfield Boy and Phoeb«
Onward also' started.
2:11 class pacing, purse $1000— Tom Nolan won
the second, third and fourth heats In 2:11*4.
2-Wy- 2:13. Pussy Willow won the first heat
In 2:10H. Jim Ramey. Lizzie S, My Choice.
Armanda Prince and Scapegoat al«o started.
2:13 class trotting 1 , purse $1000 (unfinished)— J
T won the first heat In 2:12U. Laveron. Baron
Maoruerite. Free Silver, Wilbur. Solly Simp
son. Malbom, Electropolse and Elmer also
started.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., Sept. 25.-To-day
saw two more world's records dangling at
the belt of the four-cornered track of
Terre Haute.
The Abbott, driven by Geers, clipped an
other half-second from the world's trot
ting record of 2:03%. already held by him,
making a mile In 2:03Vi-
Coney, 2:02%, owned by Ed Gaylord of
Denver, went against time to beat the
amateur world's pacing record to wagon,
finishing a remarkable mile In 2:03*L
The mile by The Abbott was made In 31%,
l:02Vi, <:3194 and 2:03V*. the third quarter
being done in 29*A. The mile by Coney was
done as follows: SOU. l:01U. 1:32 and 2:03*4,.
Coney clipped a half-second from Free
Bond's record, made In New York.
The programme races were far better
than on the first day of the meeting. All
the finishes were close. Summary:
2:08 class pacing, purse JlfiOn— Fanny DlUar.]
won the second, third and fourth heats in 2:W*.
The Abbott Trots a Mile
in 2:03i at the Terre
Haute Track.
TWO WORLD'S
RECORDS CUT BY
FAST HORSES
her on London. Tod Sloan was soron-i
on Joe Unman and Lester Keiff thir>l on
Chnnklna. In this ra>-e the first favorite
horses were rldrten by American jockeys.
The first Nursery handicap was won by
Tod Sloan on Handspike. Sloan also won
the Visitors' plate on "Wild Irishman.
Sandea, with Johnny Rein* up, be-in? sec
ond. '
an officer or agent of the State an<1 not < I
the city and county. The Legislature misht
have Imrosei the iluty of coll<?'Uinx th«>m upon
any other officer of the county or the office tt
poll tax collector might have bfen erwtKl
specially for that purpose. It is not tn tw r-r*
svm-il that the framers of the ch'irter. In fix
insr the salary pf the Apsejisor, Inter.'!* t t>
compensate him for .•^rvltvs renderM exHuoiv?
ly for the State In th« collection of a lax lv\
which the city and county, a.i such, has BO
Interest whatever.
My conclusion Is that the Assessor Is entitled
to receive. In nrliltion to his annual salary.
15 rer cent of the poll taxf>» collected by him.
and Judgment will be entered accordingly.
ASSESSOR DODGE, WHO. IN
VIOLATION' OF HIS PI.EDOE.
SUED FOR FEES.
SUPERIOR JUDGE SEAWELL,
decided yesterday that Assessor
Washington Dodge was quite
within his rights under the law
when he flouted one of the cardi
nal rules of the charter and set out to get
everything nominated In the bond. The
case In which his Honor handed down his
decision was the suit brought by Dodge
against the city for 15 per cent of the to
tal poll tax collections. The charter pro
vides that the Assessor shall receive an
annual salary of $4000 In full compensa
tion for all his services and that he shall
take no fees of any sort whatever for any I
service. The Political Code, pursuant to
a proviso of the State constitution,
awards to the Tax Collector a commis
sion of 15 per cent of all poll tax collec
tions. It was the decision of the court
that the charter could not repeal a section
of the Political Code when made on the
lines of the constitution, and that Dodge
In collecting poll taxes acted as an officer
of the State. Decision was given in his
favor accordingly.
It will be pleasing news for Dodge that
the city will not appeal from Seawell's
decision, and that the amount for which
he has obtained judgment will be paid
him forthwith by the Treasurer. In all
there is due him something like $15,000.
but that amount cannot be figured as
overlarge when there ia considered the
pain It must have caused the acquisitive
Assessor to puncture so profitable a hole
In the charter. As Is well known. Dodge
stood sponsor when the charter was
brought Into being. During the last cam
paign he contributed largely to his elec
tion by his Iron-bound promises to pro
tect and maintain the city's new scheme
of government In its entirety. He not
only talked about It loudly, but he hired
a man and a half dozen blackboards and
stumped the city painting Impressionistic
pictures In chalk of the other things he
would do and had done.
Judge Seawell In summing up his deci
sion spoke as follows:
The Assessor In collecting poll taxes acts an
Judge Seawell Says Poll-Tax Commissions
Are Within the Law.
COURT AWARDS DODGE
HIS POUND OF FLESH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, l»00.
Captain Hall, the Renowned Fighter, Will
Vote for McKinley.
OLD-TIME DEMOCRAT TO
UPHOLD ADMINISTRATION
Editor of the "Californian" Severely Criticizes the Actions
RAISED A RUMPUS BY
"ROASTING" STUDENTS
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CHARMING FACE
And a dainty skin are mine after
a week of raw beach winds and
months In the woods: thanks to
CREME
DE
US.
( Sunburn and tan are out of tne '
question If It be used and a.U lm-
( perfections of the skin soon dlsap-
) pear. Popular for half a century
\ it stands all tests. Sold by all
/ druggists and general dealers. If
\ you cannot obtain it send us 50c
r for large bottle or 10c for trial size.
E. B. HARRINGTON & CO., M'frs.,
) Los Angeles. Cal.
fi^^SyV^^ I will ruaranfee
Jg*&tf>j<3£k that my Rh<'unutis:n
S^^S^^^*% Core will relieve him-
w&2/ bayo. sointic* and all
i» rheumatic pains i:i
va C^««Jffi<3r tyr0 CT tbree hoiir^,
W an( * cure * n a t?vr
V MUNTON.
dfeh T$m> At all drngsists,
XH^£B££ti&}j to Health and medi-
;•» ¦ 1505 Arch St., PhCa. .
®VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MES
MORMON BISHOP'S PILW
hare been la us* over fifty
year* by the leaders of ths
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures th»
worst eases In old and your:?
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
elffarettc-Bmoking. Cures Lose
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Po-wer. Ntaht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unflrnesi to Mar-
ry. Lom of Semen, mm f\ Taricocele or Con-
stipation. Stops ne **5 MM rvons Twitchln*
cf ByaUds. Effects *l*^ » r • Immediate.
Impart rigor and CCWTS potency to •very
function. Don't ret despondent; a can Is at
hand. Restore* »mall, undeveloped orsm.i.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; SOo a
box: < for S3 SO by mall. A written guarantee to
curt or money refunded with • boxes. Circular*
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. ?> Ellis
•t.. Ban Francisco. Cat. GRANT DRUO CO..
M, tnd 43 Third it
Kl UBS 3 A SdBl It - EX Cr>- b3
RX" aSSS «•% TrL jl Cw Ttf*^_ T ,*
POSTUM CZBEAX.
Coffee Topers as Bad as Others.
"A friend of our family who lived
with us a short time was a great coffee
drinker and a continual sufferer with
dyspepsia. He admitted that coffee dis-
sprreed with him, but you know how the
coffee drinker will hold onto his coffee,
even if he knows it causes dyspepsia.
"One day he pid to me that Postum
Food Coffee hsA been recommended
r-.nd suggested that he would like very
much to try it. I secured a package and
made it strictly according to directions.
He was deiighted with the new bever-
age, as was every one of our family.
He became very fond of it and in a
short time his dyspepsia disappeared.
He continued using the Postum and in
about three months gained twelve
pounds.
"My husband is a practicing physi-
cian and regards Postum as the
healthiest of all beveraces. He never
drinks coffee, but is very fond of Pos-
tum. In fact, all of our family are. and
we never think of drinking coffee any
more." Mrs. Mary E. Brown, Water-
ford, Va.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1900.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Th» Ban Francl«c6
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
ur.tl! 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 8:30 p. m.
Z^ Hayes ftreet; open until 9:S0 p. m.
Ci9 McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
C.5 Lerkln^treet: open until 9:30 p. ra.
1MI Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
r2Cl Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 cm. .
V*. Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
If36 Valencia street; open until 8 p. ID.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky fireets; open until 9 p. m.
UEETING .NOTICES.
—I). 2 THIS EVENING, Sept. 26. at w*
7:30 o'clock, liy order of the W. M. if
H. FORTR1EDE. Sec. fV >
MISSION Lodge No. 16?. F. and A. M.— n
railed meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J_.
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- >5jf
frr<*». GEO. D. FLACK. Sec. /NT x
EX^El.SIOR Lodg-e No. 1€G. F. and A. •»
U.— Special meeting THIS fVVEDNES-_f_.
1>AY) EVENING. Kept. 26. nt 7:33 >_X
o'clock. Third desree. i^J ?
THEO. E. SMITH. Bee.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Aeso- - .
riaUon— Special meeting will be held "JT 2 s *
fit hall. B» Port St., WEDNESDAY. *~_>
Pept- 26. at 2 p. m. All members ere d- -¦
rwjuested to be present for the purpose of a.t-
Tenrtir.g the funeral of your deceased brother.
CHRISTIAN NKLSON. Ry order of the presi-
dent L. TRAUNG. Rec. Eec.
WOODMEN of the Wor'.d.
Golden Gate Camp No. _ B
d — Members are hereby m r^^S^%ZrjJ-ja
notified to attend the Kj-^-JCfP^* -jjJxQ
funeral rf our If- n -i ¦ - <e£5>«^**«y£y-*- /
l^r.JAMES ANDERSON.
THURSDAY, at 10 o'clock a. m.. from
Listen's undertaking parlors. Eighth and
Broadway. Oakland. Hy order
E. R ENGELMAN. Consul Commander.
FTOCKHOLDERS- MEETING— Notice Ishereby
Given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holder* of THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA
will be h*l<3 at the banking house in this city
on TUESDAY. October 9. \W\ at 11 o'clock
a. ra. Fy order of the Roand of Dlrect<*rs.
ALLEX M. CLAY. Seeretary-
ANNTAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the ptockhcldere of the F?mda!e Petroleum,
O9 p.nd Development Company will be held
at the office of the company. 222 Sansome et.,
•room "\. second floor. San Francisco. Cal.. on
MONDAY, the l^t day cf October. 1900. for
the purpose cf electing a board of directors
To serve for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fcre tho meeting. CHAS. H. CUSHJNQ. Sec.
OHF.ArF.ST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 jKiges, sent to any address In the
T'TilTfrt PTatrs or Canada one year for tl.
AGUXTS WAITED.
CC5 TO T50 dally made by cur Live Agents,
ir.en or women. s»l!Ing cur lateft novelty,
rarr-.raign waterproof nockties; goods entirely
new and patented; as^ntB deliphted; sales un-
llmltei; vhat ullMMl do you can do; write to-
<!&y; terure exclusive territory^; guaranteed
hest efller. Address, with stamp, M. & M.
MA.NTG. CO.. IVpt. C. Springfield. Mass.
AGENTS of ability and experience In life Ir.sur-
anc. Call at room 101. E3T Market, cor. Sixth.
"WE hand'.e newest novelties for agents. PA-
<'IFI<~ AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 24tl 18th st.
ASPHALTIM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rooflr.g, sidewalks; cellar
fioors laid, repaired : riostal. 118* Mission st.
ATTOKSEYS AT LAV.'.
R. W. KING, attorney at law, 927 Market rt.,
room C27; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections: all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges ; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no f . " without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SGO Market. cor.Stockton.
FREH advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 214 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unles? successful. W.
IJT. Davirli-on. J™ Market et.. opp. Mason.
L. S CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
CCSTEB. HERMAN J.. attorney. 627 Market
Ft., r. *-?.'•: orwn eve.. 7-9: oon«\3lta.tlon free.
ASTKOLOGY.
1!ME. HICKEY, astro! oglst; card reading and
palmistry. ?Sc: horoscopes cast. 1S33 Mission.
BATH CABIXETS.
8OBIKEO2S S.'i, 4-panel folding: door opens; firm
and safe. IV. P. BROWN. e*n. agt.. O6 Ellis.
BOARDING KOIl CHILUKE.V.
WANTED— Little rlrl or boy to room and
board: company lor lady; terms reasonable.
Ba 2744. Call office.
Ul'SIXESS CHAACES.
A— 1400; IiESTAURANT en Valencia 6t.; rent
S~: or with 7 furnished rooms. $700; rent $45
for ail; good place; death of child cause of
M-Uinc: a bargain. See R. G. WILKE, 26^4
Kcarrj- St.
A-JC:0; RESTAURANT. 2 blocks north of
Chronicle building; first-class prices; rent
J3.": owner wishes to sell on account of other
*>Uf>iness engagements. Call R. G. WILKE,
S6% Kearny st.
A-J400; CHOPUOUSE: close to City Hall; lent
t3u; daily receipts $25.
A $3(X) bakery: 1 block from Call building;
daaly receipts $20; only Etore trade. See R.
O. WILKE, 2C«i Kearny et.
A-J1200: SALOON with 10 furnished rooms,
close to new JIa'l of Justice; place established
ir.any yfars and doing a good tiiisinees: owner
er-iraK*-ci ctherwise cause of Kale. Call R. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny «.
A— SALOOJi. with ? furnished rooms; rent $40;
place doing*-*, good business; In neighborhood
of warehouses and factories: commercial
lunch fr»m 11 to 1 o'clock; a rare chance.
Ca'.I R. O. WILKE. 26'j Kearny et.
A— J1400; SALOON: established many years;
half & block north of Mason and Market;
rect $75; a first-class, paying plac«; partners
( an't agree cause of sale. Ste R. G, WILKE,
2<)~j Kearny «t.
A— $11%: CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location in the Ml^fcion; rent $25; 4 living
rooajs; place established years; owner, a
widow, wants to retire. Call It. Q. WILKE,
t_ Kearny ft.
A— UAIKDUESsTnC; good business; 3 employ-
k3; $125. KREDO i DLTTOX, 3£ Gt-ary et.
A-DELICATE?SExT"eH. 8 yrs.; $23 dally;
v.orth Peeing; JSW. Kredo & Dutton, 26 G«ary.
r.RAXCII bakfry. $22.".: cor.: value in stock; 4
rms. : rent $1.',. KREbO & DUTTOX, S6 Geary.
WE have largest list of saloons, hotels, gro-
ceries, cigar Ftore«, etc., in the city. Call
BCHWKIXHA8D & CO., ?17 Market st., be-
twei-n Fifth and Sixth; telephone Mint mi.
SZ:a— SACRIFICE; cipar. stationery store; re-
<e!pts average ?io day; 3 rooms; rent S15; slck-
m ss cause sale. SKIFF. 304 Montgomery et.
A-SAV. FISHER & CO.. have you lodirin*-
hous«-» Yes; what price? $300 up. any loca-
tion desired; 12 rooms, J300; 10 rooms, tlZH; 10
rooms, new. tsno, fine; 20 rooms, bargain J750-
37 rooms, $»i>, snap; all sizes, all prices, all
liarsralns: call and fw»e us. 1032 Market.
FALCON for sale; opposite the ferry. Apply
Ul Eayt st.. north of Market; no agents..
FOR sale— Delicacy store; must be sold on ac-
count of sickness, tos Turk et.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; golne
to Euror.e. 36 Market Bt. •'••-»
PARTIES having capital to Invest in large or
Fmall amounts can secure a permanent Invest-
ment which will pay net dividends from 13 to
40 per cent annually; fullest investigation-
wnd for particular*. Address Fisheries box
1111. CaJl office.
FOR pale— SZM); an old-establlsh-d horseshoe-
ing business, near city; Includes shop and
tool*; averages 29 horses dally; flrst-cie^s
prices: present owner wishes to retire. Ad-
drges box 4i2Z. Call office, for particulars.
FOR sale— Drug store; large town; central Cal-
ifornia; finest location; new stock and fix-
tures; s-ood paying prescription business; In-
voice J2S00; low expense. B. R. C. care
lAcgley & Michaels Co.. 40 First st.
FOR sale— A. good blacksmith and horseshoeing
shop, in good location; present owner wishes
to retire. Inquire at TATLER & EPOTS-
WOODS, 122-13S Fremont et.
FOR SALE— Grocerj' and bar doing a good
business. CaJl cr address 31 Cedar avenue-
no agents. '
1'LUMBIJCG shop, stock, shop tools, horse and
wagon for sale. Addrets box 44C1. Call.
BARBER wants to buy 15-cent shop or half In-
terest downtown. Box 4415, Call office,
FOR SALE— Klondyke Oyster House; money
maker; cause sickness. 126 Third «t-. at 12 m.
ROUTE for sale on Chronicle. Box 4989, Call
office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hae been established at 1056 Va-
Ifflria st. i.
CAMPAIGN' PHOTO BUTTONS.
1IF"T of all kinds of photo buttons anTTeweiry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co., S3} Market et., & F.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALES.
MARION GRIFFIN, «t;, room L
8 rooms; N. Mkt.: rent $30; clean; resp.. 1250
10 rooms; rent $45; extra good; refined 600
15 rooms; A No. 1; clears $60; piano 1200
19 rooms; central corner: fine; bonton.... 1100
JO rooms; always full; rent $80; a snap.. 600
40 rooms; 3 bks N Mkt; low rent: hi cash. 2700
tO rooms, 1200. 2000, 2500 (all paying) 7000
65- ROOM house; down town; must be sold.
13-room house on Turk Bt.; toOO.
22-room house on Geary; central. t
10-room house on Turk st. ; very cheap.
Houses all flzes from $150 to $500; some great
bargains. Call and Inspect our list.
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy st.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
14 rooms, corner, north of Market $3oO
20 rooms; $500 cash. bal. $10 monthly 1000
33 rooms, great sacrifice, sickness 1700
6S rooms; corner; rent $125: see It 2200
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT. CALL ON
KREDO & DUTTON*. 36 Geary et.
$700 ca^h for 60 rooms; new; installments.
J300 for 14 rooms; Geary; $3G profit.
$4:.O only for 14 rooms; Post; worth $900.
A— 22-ROOM roomlrg-house; central $1000
11-room house: tSM down: balance easy... 6C0
20-room house; first-class 1CS0
11-room house: $475; 6-room flat 825
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market Bt.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses
at reduced prices; genuine bargains; sizes and
location to suit: money loaned. SCHWF/IN-
HARD & CO., S17 Market Et.. between Fifth
and Sixth: phone 1311.
FURNISHED house. 10 rooms: all occupied;
et>cd location; rent cheap. 12SV4 Ninth St.; no
agents.
CAIiniAGF.S AM) WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wazons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
j AN A No. 1 express wag-on, single, also light
I camping wagon, for sale cheap/ B32 Mission.
j NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
j SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
; ICAN SPONGK CO.. l'.O New Montgomery st.
" SPIRITUALISM.
! ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
h spiritual medium; advice In all affaire of life,
I lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty: cirs. Sun. .Wed., Fri.
1 ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
I E13 Fddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larktn; no sign.
i SPIRITUAL meeting to-night. 8 p. ro. : con-
' vincing test; readings dally. MRS. MAX- j
WELL, 12S8 Howard st. |
1 ATTEND Mme. Marquise's convincing test clr-
j cle to-night at 8; 10c. 5 Hyde St.; read, daily.
MRS. LKSTER— Clr. Bun.. Tues.. Fri. eve..
J 10c; readings dally. 2*X> Turk st.
• FRIENDSHIP Hall, ESS McAlflster-Mrs. C. J.
I Meyer, sit. dally; convinc'g tests to-night lCc.
j MME MAJORS. gifted spiritual medium.
I healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St., room 1.
: PROF. GEE. medium; test circle even* night;
! l&c; read. $1; ladiee 60c. 14S 6th, Brunswick.
J MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, lest, busl-
¦ ness medium, life reader: sitting.* SI. 1104 Mkt.
! "^ —^^ "^^"***s
'CLAlRVOYA.VrS.
I MME. LANCE, the great clairvoyant, tells past.
1 future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
t secret : shows picture future husband or wife;
i fee 2fk; and up; satif faction to everybody; open |
J Sundays. 1167 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th. j
MME. PORtER, wonderful clairvoyant & curd
reader, born with double & etcond sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm. & clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk et. 1
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and j
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp. 1
Clh; private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs in life: satisfaction guar-
1 anteed; 25o ui.. 17 Third St.. next Examiner. I
j MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; j
1 sittings daily. 212^ Sixth st. 1
! MMD. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past.
j present, future, 2oc. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
j CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium; card
j reader, 2f>c up. £23 Mission st..nr. 4th; no sign.
MME. RL'TH. great prophetls card reader: j
&0c. 70S Ellis st.. near Larkin. \
j MHS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
! MME. VALEEN. clairvoyant.palmist: card read-
j er: real Egyptian charms. "15 Leavenworth.
j MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
j dieted overdue strar Gold wreck. 310 SVxson st.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great r>*lm-
jpt and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign, j
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
I advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
! CAItPET BEATIXG A.\D CLEANING.
j WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
1 send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
j Ing Works. 3T.3-357 Tehama Bt. : tel. south 40.
j J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
i 453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
• J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
I vatinp Co., 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
! CITY Steam Carpet-Beatlr.g Works, G. H.
j STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
j CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard, laid at 4c
j STRATTOX'S, 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
j ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S?4. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
1 Gate ave. : telephone East 12S.
; CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; conrult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Sutter.
COLLKCTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
legs successful. Room 310. 927 Market gt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
rRWMX^T^iTs^iiyTidT^vTT^r^nn^cir;
$50 cash; balance $10 per month. THE MC-
CARTHY CO.. 645 Market st.
COTTAGE to rent and furniture for sale. 65
j Pleasant St.. near Jenes.
I COTTAGE FOR SALE.
COTTAGE of four rooms and bath in Mission
district; price I16S0; no -agents. Apply RAB-
LIN. Fourth and Kentucky eta.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 80J Mar-
I ket et., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
I have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
j without plates our »o«»cialty; gold crowns.
$3 66 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 tfi 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from*
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted; plates, full set, $5; fllllnrs,
tOc; crown, $150. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Cth.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $3; crowns, $3 50;
bridge work, $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. Q. O.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work Is
unexcelled, our prices nrc the lowest; call and
cee our samples and get our prices before go-
ing elsewhere; best of references; examination
free. "Main ofllce" New York Dental Parlors,
1019 Market St.. bet. Gth and 7th; elevator.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 5Cc; gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,
60c. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN -VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Bun-
day». 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of te«th without, plat*. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
t X>K. PUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits, $1 EO; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. TeL West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 513 Golden Gateav.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market gt.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
lir.ery Echool; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIO XAL.
AYRES* Business College 723 Market st • day
and evening; Individual instruction. $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. ; Just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and Is the best In S. F. ; catalogue free.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.. 8. F.—
Practical courses la bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new fcO-ps.se catalogue free.
EDUCATIONAL.
GAli^AGHER^LVRSH^C^^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. $60; catalogue.
NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.; registration,
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced:
great opportunity for ' young men to gain a
practical business education. '
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor! Phelan building.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSl-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt.
EOOKKEEPING. free trial: private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR, expert accnt., 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
AYRES' Business College night school opens
October 1. 723 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en- v
larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkln st.
MUNSOX School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Leipslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft Echool; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postaire r>n!<l.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; ertab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Waiters, cooks,
dishwashers. Est. 1890. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic sorv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush378.
ORPHEUM Employment OMce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.: tel. Kast 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAJfTED — FEMALE.
WOMAN wishes poFitlon In small family to do
general housework; good, clean worker. . MISS
DILLON. 315 Sutter at. ' |
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do I
general housework; no objection* to window
washing or washing and ironing. Call or ad- [
dress S26 Valencia St.
GOOD respectable woman (American) needs '
work very badly; can do any kind; good
housecleaner; would go by the day; $1 day 1
and car fare. 12S^ Fourth St., room 9.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper want
f >laces together in hotel, restaurant or board-
ng- house; flret-class references. 242 Natoma
st., basement.
DRESSMAKER from City of Paris will go out
by the day. $2 50. Address 1514 Geary St.,
near Laguna.
GERMAN woman raised in America wishes a :
situation to do housework: Is a. good cook; ',
wages $10 to $12. Call C09 Howard st.
WA*NTED— A situation for general housework
or second work in San Mateo. Apply at
Fisher's Hotel. San Mateo. •
A GERMAN woman would like to do house-
Cleaning riext Thursday; SI 10 a day. MRS.
E. HILS, 1030 Howard st.
NEAT young Swedish girl would like to do
light housework. Call at 544 Sixth St.. be-
tween Bryant and Brannan.
EXPERIENCED middle-aged lady; Infant's or
invalid's nurse; private home or public insti-
tution. Address box 4492, Call. I
COIXDRED girl wishes position nurse for one
child. 107 Bernard St., oft Pacific, between
Leaver.worth and Jones.
FIRST-CLASS fur operator wants position. 16
and IS Mason St., room 27.
POSITION wanted as nurse by reliable woman;
references. 16 Antonio at., off Jones.
YOUNG woman with smalt child wishes a
place as working housekeeper. 3 Seventh Et.
WANTED— Situation by a woman to do general
housework; city or country. Call at Slo 1^ Na-
toma st.
SWEDISH woman •wishes work by tha day
washing. Ironing or houeecleanlng; $1 25 day.
Address 7O4V4 Natoma st.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work; city or Oakland. 762 Brannan St.; no
postals.
A LADY from the East would like a position In
an office, copying or as seamstress In a flrst-
class hotel or Institute. Address M. F. H.,
65A Woodward ave.. city.
RELIABLE girl wishes to assist in light house-
work in refined family. Call or address 1346
Hyde st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night. $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage, to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
Rubscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A— $75 WILL be paid for Information that will
secure situation for practical first-class Ger-
man farmer with small family; thoroughly
competent to take full charge of large fruit,
grain or stock ranch: fine references. Ad-
dress box 4491, Call office.
THE employment department of the Y. M. C.
A. furnishes only reliable young men. Corner
Mason and Ellis sts. ; phone Bush 17.
ELDERLY man wants situation; first-class
gardener,* coachman, milker, etc.; moderate
wages; first-class references. Address Gard-
ener, box 8757. Call office.
MAN a.nd wife want places: man good cook
and baker: wife as helper, waitress or cham-
bermaid; hotel, boarding-house or institution;
city or country. Ad. A. R., C38 Jessie, off 7th.
A YOUNG Frenchman desires situation in
American family where he would have an
opportunity to learn the language; wages no
object. M. LEGER & CO., 539% California Bt
BOY of 16 wishes a home In a family where he
can work for his board and clothes and learn
a trade. Address 40 Minna st. 1
A JAPANESE, aged 23, desires position In of-
fice or family In the city: 8 years' experience.
Address S. K., 414 Stevenson st.
SITUATION wanted as sick nurse by the day;
bubonic plague nurse In China for years. H.
DYCKMAN, 737 Mission Bt.
SITUATION wanted by young colored man as
a porter In store or saloon; will call to see
party. Address box 4413, Call.
YOUNG man well educated in English and
German desires position; understands the
drug trade; also photographic chemistry;
well acquainted In the Orient and Eastern
States; best of references and security given.
J. SHILLING. 1581 Valencia st. .
STEADY man; 15 years' experience In orchard
and vineyard wk. ; understands handling green
and dried fruit, budding, grafting, pruning,
etc.; used to handling men; would like man-
agement of large ranch; ref. Box '4952, Call.
STEADY young man understands care of horses
desires position as coachman or gardener;
understands milking cows; city or country;
refs. Thomas, Ahlborn House, 321 Grant ave.
WANTED — A position as Janitor by a youug
man who Is honest, sober and Industrious; 3
years In present place. Address J. II., room
10. Letltla building. San Jose, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS florist gardener wants situation
In private family or nursery; references:
Box 3769. Call office.
A SOBER, Industrious, trustworthy and handy
man desires a situation to make himself gen-
erally useful. Box 44S0, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS oyster man wants position in
large hotel or restaurant. Address box 4936.
Call office.
STEADY man wants position on country place
to care for horses, lawn and general work;
good references. Box 4474, Call office. ' •
A YOUNG man (colored) would like a position
as « cook; can give references; Just from the
East. Q. W. P., 626% Pacific Bt.
RELIABLE man wi«hes position to drive deliv-
ery wagon. Address box 4479, Call office.
GERMAN carpenter, 25, with • tools, wants
steady work in factory or landlord. Address
FREY. 1118 Howard st. - .
WANTED — Situation as second or ehort-order
cook. Box 3762, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS elevator man wants position;
references. Box 37E5. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free ; spectacles . properly ad-
Justed. K. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
.-:.¦..'..: FIJtAK " ALl : —
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC - COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO., 604 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
„. J, .-
100 FLATS. HOUSES AND COTTAGES.
817 Eddy; f. 8 r......$60 319>>i O'Farrell; h.4r.$10
mgL'v'w'th; f.9r. 37 60i4222 26th; c. 5 r....... 11
1207H Devisadero; 6 r 25!€50A Jessie; f. 3 r.... 9
1696 Page; f. 3 r 151250 Tehama: f, 6 r... 10
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Mar-
ket at.
$50-$70— NEW modern Nob Hill flats; sunny;
Just completed: 7. and 10 rooms and bath.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery at.
HARRISON, 665— Upper 4 sunny rooms and
bath; no children. -
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
rrom BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
PLEASANT sunny flat. 5 large rooms. 133 Lily
ave., near Octavia Bt.
SUNNY 3-room fiat. 29 Rlngold St.. bet. Eighth
and Ninth, Folsom and Harrison.
SUNNY upper flat, 4 rooms, in good condition;
rent $S 50. 711 Harrison Et.
UPPER sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; largo
yard. Apply 2806 Howard st. ,
$27 50— ELEGANT flat. 7 rooms and bath; gar-
den. 1S09 Devlsadero St.. near Bush.
8 UNFURNISHED rooms, bath, and yard. Ap-
ply 923 Shotwell Bt. ___^— __— ¦
FURXlTUms FOR SALEj
BRASS bedstead, sideboard and bureau, all
first-class. Call at 109 Cherry st., between
Jackson and Washington, San Francisco.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak fqr $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln :tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silversteln, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1103.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 33o3.
HEI-1' \V ANTUU-FEMALB.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses. Lompoc, Santa Barbara County,
120. fare paid; 2 waitresses, Oroville, $20; 2
waitresses. Santa Fe road. $20, free trans-
portation; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 3 restaurant
waitresses. $6; 2 lunch waitresses, new place,
$3 50 no Sunday work; 2 chambermaids to
wait, J20; woman cook. $30; girls to learn
laundry work.
FAMILT DEPARTMENT
German nurfieclrl and German second girl,
city. $20 each; houseeirl. Redwood City, $20;
2 houseeirls to eo to Bakersfteld, $30 and $25; I
mother and daughter, $50; 50 houseglrls, city I
and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for general
housework; small wash: $20. Apply to C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 4 waitresses, $20, fare paid; cham-
bermaid, plain washing, $20; waitress and
chambermaid. $25; 8 restaurant waitresses.
$6. 7; 10 waitresses. $20. $25, city and coun-
try; nursery governess. $25; laundress, $30;
chambermaid and laundress, $35; 6 Ironers,
$30 and found; chambermaid and seamstress,
$25: nurse. $30. J. P. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter gt. -
A LAUNDRESS, Institution. $30; ironer, $1 50
a day; waitress, hotel, $20; chambermaid to
wait, same hotel, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325
Butter at.
A— HOUSEWORK, Ripon, $20, faxe here. MISS
CULLEN, 325 gutter st.
A COLORED cook, boardlnghouse, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 gutter st.
LAUNDRESS. J30; 6 second girls, $25 and $20;
Infant's nurse, $25; 3 boarding-house cooks,
$30 and $35; cook, private family, $35; 60
housework girls, Rood wages. MRS. NOR-
s TON, 313 Sutter St.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for quick work.
ArPly Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO., Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Elirhth Ets., off. Folsom. _
IRONERS.
First-class Ironers, also girls to learn Iron-
ing, and machine operators wanted Immedi-
ately at La Grande Laundry. 223 Twelfth St.;
good wages, short hours.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet o\-eralls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levi Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32V4 Fremont St.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on skirts and
Jackets. A. CAILLEAU. 114 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt makers on ladles' tailor
garments; steady work. A. CAILLEAU, 114
Kearny st.
WANTED — Saleslady for cloak and suit de-
partment, also fancy .goods; must have city
experience; 6 o'clock house. Box 4414, Call.
GIRL for ' general housework, two in family,
no washing; wages $15. Call 2722 Sacramento
St.. before 2 d. m.
A YOUNG lady (stenographer and typewriter
for mercantile office; one used to Remington
machine; state wages wanted. Box 4412. Call.
¦WANTED— A girl to take care of 2 children
and do light housework; colored girl prefer-
\ red. Call at 412V. Sixth Bt.
WANTED — Saleslady In hat department at
RAPHAELS.
FIRST-CLASS Eklrt makers and apprentices
, wanted. BOWHAY, 516 Sutter st. . ,
GIRL for down stairs work and plain cooking,
small family. $20. 1833 Ellis st.
: WANTED— Experienced saleslady who has sold
crockery; give references. Box 4490, Call.
GIRL for -light housework; good home. 1749
Sutter st.
WANTED— Experienced millinery saleslady.
1323 Stockton st.
EXPERIENCED second girl; good city refer-
ence. 2308 Washington St.
VEST hands who also know how to make but-
ton-holes; $S to $12. C41 Stevenson st.
__ — — — _ __ ___^____________^^______
YOUNG girl to assist with light housMVork;
sleep home preferred. 743 O'Farrell St.
GIRL for second work: wages $20. Call between
9 and 10 a. m., 779 Geary st.
YOUNG woman wanted for general housework;
private family. Call Wed.. 2520 Pacific ave.
YOUNG, girl to assist with housework; wages,
$12 to $15. 1022 Page Et. .
WANTED — Girl or woman to do general house-
work. 2822 x Greenwich st. .
GIRL to assist with second work and care of
6-year-old child. 2293 Frankln st.
GIRL wanted to do general housework forsmall
family. 2279 Sutter st.
A HOUSEKEEPER, not over 80 years, for
Oakland. Call at Mrs. Lambert's. 418 Powell.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS all-around talloress. Apply 17
Geary st.
SEVERAL Crst-class ellk embroidery workers;
none others need apply. Add. box 4411, Call.
WANTED— Strong girl for general work in
hotel; fifty_ miles In country. 140 Fifth st.
GIRL or woman for light housework; email
family. 1554 Grove st.
GIRL to take care of 1 child at 930 Eddy «t..
corner Gough. ...
GIRL or woman for light housework, $15. 2427
Sutter at., near Broderlck.
WANTED— A good flrst-claas waitress at 304
. Mason at.; wages $7 a week.
GIRL wanted for housework and plain cooking;
4 In family; wages $18. 2024 Bush st.
GIRL wanted; general housework; small fam-
ily. 2207 Webster st.
I FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. 83 Stevenson st.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing, machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHELS. 631 Mission st.
WANTED— Millinery salesladies for trimmed
hats; onl7 those with first-class city experi-
ence; long season. Box 4483, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on coats; also an ap-
prentice wanted; call Tuesday ¦ morning. J.
ASHER, 45C14 Minna st.
GIRL for light housework; wages $12 to $15.
1821 Point Lobofl ave.. bet. 7th and 8th ave.
GERMAN girl to assist In. housework. 386
¦ Utah Bt.. near Seventeenth, forenoon. '
WAITRESS wanted. B15 Valencia st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Call
2303 Van Ness ave., before noon.
GIRL to assist with housework. 350 Duncan
St.. between 27th and 28th. ' :.; .
WANTED— A young girl for light housework;
wages $10. 7S7 Stevenson ; St., off. Ninth.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and Teats,
paid while learning. . 641 Market st.
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery, C36
Clay st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Foluom at., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. •
II 12 LI* WASTED— UA1/B,
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S ..104 Geary st.
Wanted for railroad work Free Faj«
100 laborers for the S. P. Col's own camps on
different divisions
to laborers for ballasting gang and rock crush-
er for S. P. Co. at Truckee
Fee $1 .Ship dally ...Free fare
E0 tunnelmen for the big tunnel at Chats-
worth Park, Los Angeles County, $3 to $2 50
a day, free fare
. A carload of teanasters and laborers for rail-
road work in State of Nevada, $2 a day, fre«
fare, ship. this afternoon
• 80 laborers for a large dam, long Job, $2 SO a
day. Bee boss here this morning, half fare ad-
vanced
3 steel brtdgemen. $3 BO a day. free fare.
2 carpenters, S. P. Co.'e own work, $3 a
day, free fare; 2 carpenters to build flume, $3
a day and fare both ways; 2 carpenters. Napa
County, $3 a day.
15 men to pick up prunes, $1 a day and
board, see boss here; butter maker and milker,
eee party here, $30 and found; Scandinavian
rcan about place, $25; 2 stablemen, country,
£33. . C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter, Southern California (new grill
and high-tcne restaurant). $75; head waiter,
hotel, 6outh, $75: head waiter, Nevada. $50;
first-class lunch man and assistant for high-
tone cafe, country, $50 and $35; 10 waiters. $30
and f25; colored head waiter, $30; colored
waiter, country club, $35; head cooks, seconds,
broilers, etc., city and country, going wages;
porter and runner, country. $25: 4 upstairs
porters and 3 porters, country, $20 and ?25;
8 bell boys, $10 and $15; dishwasher and vege-
table man, country. $25 and $30.
A ~ TUNNEL foreman, $4 a day; steady work.
Apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
A— WANTED
Brick mason, country, 3 months' Job, "$4" a
day; vegetable gardener, country. $35 and
found; driver, milk route, $50 and room; 2
teamsters, 10 hours day, $25 and board; 2 la-
borers, '10 hours day, $28 and beard; 4 farmers
for vineyard. $25; choreman. country. $25; 2
farmers, near city. $26. fare paid; 10 laborers
for mill. $30; 10 railroad laborers, $30; 10 grape
pickers, $1 25 a day; 10 men for short Job in
town, $1 a day and found; 3 car men for mine,
12 a day; dairyman, easy place, $25; 100 rail-
I road laborers, free fare. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st.
COOK, good country hotel, $65; cook and dish-
washer, country boa rdlnp-house, $40 and $20;
cake baker's helper, $10 week and board; 2
waiter.*, country, $30; dishwashers; bedmaker,
$15 and round, and many others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
BLACKSMITH for country shop, $2 day and
board; bricklayer for mine, $4 day; carpenter,
$3 50 day; stlckerman; 2 planermen: bench-
hands at going -wages: stableman, $30; pond-
man for mill, $35 and board; cabinet-makers;
boys for factory. $1 day; 20 railroad laborers,
fare paid, and many others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
AN errand boy, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st. •
MAN and wife, small ranch. $50; see party
here 1 o'clock. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED — Steady man with $150 to take inter-
est In old established commission buslcess
that will pay $75 per month the year round.
Apply 1016 Market St., room 10.
WANTED — Tinsmiths and cajimaJters. Apply
at the Pacific Sheet Metal Works, Seventh
and Townsend sts.
COMPETENT cook. $25 a month. Apply at
Maudsley Sanitarium. 2111 Pine St.. at 10
a. m. only.
BRICHT boy to solicit orders and help in
bakery; salary and commission. Box 4494,
Call office.
A — THIRD hand cake baker; wajjes $35 and
board and lodging. 911><j Larkln st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
TAILOR wanted; ftrst-cless coatmaker: corns
ready for work. 220 McAllister st.
WANTED— Chef cook; no Sunday work. Res-
taurant, 28 First st.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop at 1427
Octavia Bt., near Post.
COOK wanted. Ocean View Hotel, corner Uni-
versity and Third sts.. West Berkeley.
GT. pastrl portrait painter from Europe wants
competent salesman ; $100 mo. Box 41S7, Call.
FIRST-CLASS Ingrain paperbanger. 313 Third
street. _x_
WANTED- First-class, sober bedmaker. Coll
at 9 o'clock at 149 Third st.
GOOD boy wanted about 16 or IS years. Apply
i at 607 Merchant et.
1 .
"WANTED — Experienced coffee-house waiter. 612
Kearny Et.
TWO painters wanted; Clay and Taylor sts.
CARTAN & LEVY.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant cook. $75 month. .7
Taylor Bt.
BARBER wanted; steady. S1«A Fourth st.
WANTED- German cook for hotel fifty miles
In country who can bake bread. 140 Fifth st.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
I WANTED — Cook for coffee and lunchhouse;
wages S3 per week. 32 Sixth st.
1 ¦
WANTED— Dishwasher. 3 Jackson et.
PAINTERS wanted for stage work. 2401 Cal-
ifornia St., corner Fillmore.
NIGHT clerk wanted: must have good refer-
; 'trices; good wages. Box 4493, Call office.
WANTED — A good first-class waiter at 304 Ma-
son st. ; wages $3 50 a week. \
BARBER shop, 3 chairs; centrally located. Ap-
Dlv STOLTZ, 630 Market St.
BRIGHT office boy, about 14 years old. Room
115. Phelan building.
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. C05 Mission at.
PAINTER wanted. 1601 Geary st.
BARBER wanted Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. 232 Gough st.
BOY ¦ to deliver orders In /butcher shop; 14 to
16 years old. 1203 Turk^st.
BOOTBLACK: can make about $10 a week,
¦ with room. 947 Fillmora st.
YOUNG second cook with experience. 25 Tay-
lor st.
'WANTED— First-class marker and distributor.
Apply at once, Vallejo Steam Laundry. Com-
pany, Vallejo.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
STEADY cook, wages $10 a month. In a res-
taurant. 1759V& Mission Ft.
FIRST-CLASS painters and tinters wanted.
Apply 1614 Market st. .
WANTED — Coatmaker or genera] tailor. MIK-
KELSEN & BERRY, 2124 Center, Berkeley.
APPRENTICE wanted; 1 year's experience In
barber business. Box 4481, Call office.
WANTED— A young waiter at 12 East st. ;
German preferred. . -:.-j' v,
WANTED— 2 cr 3 chair barber shop in a live
country town. Box 4485, Call office.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 5G2 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
AN experienced telephone Inspector and
"trouble" man can find permanent position
with Capital Telephone and Telegraph Com-
pany, Sacramento; must be thoroughly coin-
set ant.
WANTED — First-class . cook wanted for hotel
restaurant; no baking; wages $60 per month
and found. Address box 10, Wadsworth, Nev.
WANTED — First-class (bread and cake baker
for new bakery, wages $45 per month and
found, to begin with. Address Reception Ho-
tel, Bakery. Wadsworth, Nev.
j WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
i : runs Denver House, 217 Third st ; 150 large
rooms;-25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO
Flood building.
WANTED— Reliable baker; business interest
given right man. Box 4403. Call office.
FOR sale — A 3-chalr barber shop, on account of
going East. 14 Turk st.
BARBER shop for sale; also bootblack wanted
1026 Hyde st. -
FOR, SALE— A good paying 1-chalr barber
'- shop ; cheap. Inquire at 1063 Market st.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop for sale- cheap; has
other business. 3142 Twenty-fourth st.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms. 15c to 25c night; 75c to $2 per week.
WANTED— 10O man to. take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c Boston House. 930 Howard »t.
BOYS with experience at underpresslng on
pants and vests.- 541 Market «t
HELP WAX TED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN W4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT, 7 a. m. TO-DAY.. ...... ....
FREE. .WE ..S^HIP ..EVERYBODY ..FREL
To All Parts of California, Utah. Nevada.
NUMBER. WANTED AT WA( l E ?i
154— Nevada, Truckee. Lake Vlew..J41 and fd
lft-Los Angeles. Santa Barbara *2 « a >
24-Reddlng, Shasta, Fresno n »0 2 a £
118— Surf. Soda Springs. Salt Lake $2 day
64— Dlxon. Elmlra and Bakersfleld..$l .0 day
163— For nineteen different divisions — $2 aay
FREE FARE. ...OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
MURRAY & READ\.
C34-636 Clay st.
CLASSES OF HELP. _,„-<,
A-NUMBER. WANTED. WAGES.
Blacksmith for camp ;~
2 blacksmiths' helpers »*•
Rough carpenters, city Job Painters
Apprentice for machine shop '*""a"Sa
Stenographer and typewriter ?30 ana ra
Steel bridge men $3 50 day. free fare
7— Sash and door makers, shingle Joint-
ers. crosscut sawyers i2 50 to *3 aay
18— Laborers to work at mines .$42 ana to.
12— Miners, single-hand work >V-V"'j ri
S2-Farm. orchard, vineyard hands/ $-6 and Id
18— Milkers and butter-makers.... J.30 and ra
6— Farmers and wives, furnace-man....
$40 aad found
12-Teamsters, road work $32 and fd
19— Stablemen, city and country... $3a and fa
18-Choremen and boys, come see..S2a and fd
160— Men for Humboldt County.... K8, and fd
119— Scraper teamsters, all parts $&> and ra
13— Drillers, bricksetters. etc J2 afl > day
lS3-_iborer3 and teamsters for all pa rt »o f .
California, eome in city..$l "5 to»2 50 day
4— Boatmen, beef luggers, stonemasons,
19— Tailors* "firemen." men for wine cellars,
bakers' and coal wagons, etc
J2 to 12 60 day
297-^Iobs not advertised, come see.... 12 50 day
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKING.
191— Men or boys to pick fruit, work In
packing-houses, etc., you'll suit....
* .7 $30 and found
SAWMILLS. WOODS. ETC.
M — Laborers to work In woods, mills,
yards, wharves, 15 different Jobs.
free 130 to $40 and found
»-Ironmolders S3 60 day
MURRAY & READT,
634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL BAKERY BUTCHERS.
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Second ccok, mines, $40 and found, fare paid
23 cooks $50. $60, $40. $30 and found
19 waiters $35. $30. $25. $20 and found
32 dishwashers $30. $25, $20. $15 and found
12 laundry men $40. $35. $30. $23 and found
Butcher for Institution
Porter help for institution
6 butchers $53, $00 and |60
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MEN wanted for tha United States Navy-
Machinists, first class, age 21 to 33, pay per
month $35: machinists, second class, age 21
to 25. pay per month $.40; electricians, third
class, age 21 to 35. pay per month $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 35, pay per
month. $23; seamen, age 21 to 33, pay per
month, $24; ordinary seamen, age 19 to 3)).
pay ter month $19; landsmen, ags IS to 25,
pay per month $16; apprentices, third class,
age 15 to 17. pay per month %X All candi-
dates for "enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dls-
uuallfylns ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to ba ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical eiamlnatlon in electricity, espec-
ially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination In searaanshlD. Landsmen and
apprentices will be required to pass the
physical examination only. The term* of en-
listment is for four years. Should a man
r«-endlst within a period of four months from
the date of honorable discharge he will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each
re-enllstrr.ent. Rations, medicines and medical
attendance are furnished gratis In addition to
years' service on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement. It Is the de-
. sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
laree number of able-bodied Americans for
the nax-y, who will be given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they are
qualified for the higher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for tho
navy will make a large Increase In the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large Increase In the number
of petty officers, who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may be ac-
cepted will b# assigned to a U. S. war ves-
sel; apprentices to tho naval training sta-
tion. San Francisco, Cal. Applications should
be made at the U. S. Naval Recruiting Ren-
dezvous, corner of Market and East streets,
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
. rine Corps. U. S. Navy; able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States cr per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.. 530 K St.,
Sacramento. CaL. or 1058 J st.. Fresno, Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only -lgnt
weeks required; positions guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city tree.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, sligntly damaged, hall
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d st*.
WANTED— A man that understands florist and
nursery business. 600 Halght st.
BOYS wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA-
CIFIC GLASS WORKS. _7th and Townsend.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steaart.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at S27 Four-
teenth St., near Guerrero.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 1«
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 220O Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertiseiments and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S stables. 67 Minna St., bet.
First and Second sts.
BARGAIN— Fine business horse and buggy.
4 Geary court, bet. Jones and Leavenworth.
HOCSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AXD FOU.XP.
LOST-^-In Western Addition. Saturday, lady's
silver open-faced watch; Initials "L. T."; re-
ward. 114 Grant ave.
LOST — Near Ingleslde House, on Sunday, a fur
boa. Finder please return to C33 Sacramento
st. and receive reward. S
LOST— 2 bulldog: pups: female white, male black
spot on tall;- reward. 810 Howard St.
LOST — An Initialed silver bonbon box, on Sut-
ter, near Powell. Reward at 1S06 Pacific ave.
LOST— Two rolls matting marked H. D. W..
Fresno. Return 22 Drumm st. ; liberal reward.
LOST— Silver skye ternt»r; Post and Taylor
sts.; liberal reward. R5 Post at.
LOST— A gentleman's gold watch, on return
train of J. B. excursion. San Jose to S
F. : initials D. O. Please return to BEN OSS-
WALD, 13C8 Pacific; no questions asked; big
reward.
LOST— Sept. 23. on 1:30 Oakland local, or at
Seventh «t. and Broadway, a lady's double
wach fob. Return to 45 Mead ave., Oakland
-or 233 Shotwell st., S. F. ; reward.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel dcg. Return to 31S
Pine st., room 7: reward.
MASSAGE. ~
EMILY EEGSWORTH, assistant to Dr A. bT
Wlllcox. scientific masseuse, room 40 «5t.
Ann's building; hours. 9 a. m. to 12:30.'
MEDICAL. ~
DR. and MRsTdaVIES, 1223 Market-Ladle?
epeclallsts; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can wura
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure™
afty one can use It: perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for clrcuUr!
MRS. DR. KOHL, 937 Market st cor si«s"
reliable ladles' specialist: home treaTmen Xt $V
Bate and sure cure guaranteed; ladles treated
at office can return home the same day nri
vate home before and during connnement"
best medical care; hours. 9 to 5 and 7 to a '
gigSSa__gsSIgBg
DRS.GOODWIN. well known ladles' specialist"
JsfKilgiS
BiSISS
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialists: 25 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement: treatment it
office. J5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 9-42 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larktn.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist: practical physician for 37
years; always successful. 318 Kearny st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR, SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2U-hanii machinery. Mc-
IN'TOSH & WOLl'MAN, 1D3-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready ma !•»;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN*. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission st.
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— $3 50 DEB BY and Fedora hats, SI 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearnyst., near Pine.
FIXE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montsomery st.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Co.. situated in Neva-!,*
County. 13 miles north of Auburn; 2 patented
claims: 8-stamp quartz mill: ditch and hoist-
lnc works complete. For further particulars
lnonire of A. MEISTER. 914 Ninth st., Sac-
ramento. Cal.
A BEAUTIFUL, almost new, solid 14 karat
lady's gold watch, having 5 diamonds in cen-
ter of case, for only $30; the original cost was
J6t>. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents tear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shaftloc. pulleys.
etc. WH1TELAW. 216 SDear St.
STEEL TANKS, all sizes; suitable for water or
oil; cheap: all shapes: second hand. H 3.
TVHITK. gig Mission st.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, botler. 2 drill
air compressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont st.
A SPLENDID 10x15 press and a 25-lnch paper^
cutter. Address box 3787. Call office.
NATIONAL cash register, nearly new, for
tale, cheap, at 412H Slzth st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wool
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beal».
MAOIC lanterns, new anri M hand: moving
pictures. BtTLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bide.
WILL rent full dresa Tuxedo or Princ» Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stktn.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and. fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st. /
ID-HAND photojrraphlc and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery-.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modem engines anct
boilers bousrht and sold. KROGH Mfjr. Co.
SAFES— New and second hand: all size9. TH3
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market at.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weeklr
Call. 18 pajres. sent to any ad-lresa In the
Tnlttxi S»»W nr r n^ n^ a nr«» year for It.
J11SCELLAXF.OIS WASTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought <ft
sold. Pilverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsotn DSL
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. JeaMe in.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothlnsf
r»l? nn R COHEN*. 1'7 TMM: fl. Blnrlt V, r>.
MO>EY TO LO AX^
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests in Estates
Undivided Int"rests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. £30 Market.
ANY amount at * per cent: 1st. 2d and 3J mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, lite Insurance.. Room 18, first lluor.
Chronicle bulldlnjr. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place tr> obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est mtes. Baldwin Jevrelry Storo. SJfl Market
St.; tel. Main 1611. Branch W Thirl st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond',
watches, }*w-»lry, W. J. HKPTH AL, Irt Sixth:
highest prlcefor old gr>M. silver, diamonds: will
be open Mon'lay, Sept. 21, Jewish new year.
A— JCOO.OfO ON city and country real estat" and
estates; chattel mortsragps: notes and col-
laterals. J. EROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quid:
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
£S and 60. Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny st..room 9. respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
$y*V.COO AT « per cent in sums to suit In city;
also JloO.' v OO on larc ranches: also en seenmi
mortgages. R. J. MJCKCI6H & SOX. 412 Pln<».
ANY amount by private party en furniturear.il
pianos: no removal; low rates; rorfldentlal.
I5ONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
¦WHY pay rent? We lean mnney to build with:
small monthly payments. JIOMT2 BTTTLDINQ
COMPANY, 2?2 Sanscme St., room 2.
MONET loaned salaried p?rpi» without security,
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Californ'a.
MONEY to loan >>n furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and planes; no removal: confi-
dential: on diamonds, etc. 23 Taylor st.
TO salaried people ¦without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Farrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, ¦without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan biff.
MUSICAL I.\STHl'ME.\T!t.
A HALLETT & DAVIS, rosewood^caseT.745TcO
Edwards & Son, rosewood case 73 on
Arion. rosewood case 9S M
Hallet & Davis 133 00
Weber, finest condition 173 00
Manner & Sons 173 04
Klcgsbury. oak : 190 i)<)
Standard, used a few months 2^5 W
Easy payments, sheet music and everything
In the music line. Chickertng. Vose. Sterling
agency. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 1S-1S-J*
i O'Farrell st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY 8c CO.'S have the privilege- of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the tost makers of every grade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $S cash. IS per month;
some good pianos for $3, %4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY Be. CO.. STEINWAY .
DEALERS, comer Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
DON'T fall to see the beautiful Decker & Son
baby grands lust received at MAtTVAIS". 7S»
Market st. They are the best ever snown la
the city.
A RELIABLE piano can be bought only from
a reliable house. The ZENO MAUVArS MU-
SIC CO. Is such a house. Their address 19
769 Market it.
1 NO matter what you want In the line of mu-
sical goods, you can always do best at MAL-
VAIS'. 769 Market at. -
AT a discount, to establish our new- location,
we w!ll give 10 per cent off on pianos: som«
second-hand bargains: 3 Heine uprights. $327:
2 Steinways. J195; 1 Chickering. $161; 1 Mason
& Hamlln. J3D0. and 20 other bargains: agents
for Hallett & Davis and 5 other makes; larg-
est exclusive wholesale and retail piano
house west of Chicago. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st.. near City of Parts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house-
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 2S.
23 and 33 O'Farrell st. ; pfanos, organs ami
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
NICE squares from $30 to $100.
Nice uprights, slightly used, from $W to $20«.
Full amount paid allowed on new Chlckerin#
or Vose in two years. BENJ. CURTAZ ,t
SON. l» O'FarreU st.
A MAGNIFICENT new upright piano, $130.
special this week: also great reductions la
various high-grade pianos during this sale.
DEWING & CO.. Flood building.
VIOLIN strings; never wet: best In the- worl.l:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments.. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary at.
BE in the swim: rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CtTRTAZ CO.. 160 Hayea St.
SOHMER & CO.. liyron JUiuzv. Gahler. Spell-
man and other pianos. "STS Post st.
GENTLEMAN going East will sacrifice el«-
gant upright grand piano. 324 Golden Gate.
BARGAIN— Oood piano chea»; Installment $3
per month.. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. a^ent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis piano*.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos: $"» payments;
for rent, $2 up. BRUENN. 20H Post st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. CotT
over & others. W. B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post.
SLAUGHTER sale of uirlght pianos for stor-
age: tZd up. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway; perfect order. $17i
1 KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
I CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weeklr
Call. 1G pages, sent to any address in tha
J United States or Canada on« year for $LHOTEL ABBIVAXS.
GRAND HOTEL
3 E Haln & fm, Mich
t L Rodgers, N Y
f E Morrow & w, Cal
r Giilens, Valiejo
r Carroll. Seattle
3 Samuels. Oakdale
f H Greenawalt & w,
Nevada P
f L Glllsspla, Nevada
r P Firth. Nome
r A McNaughton & w,
Vancouver
f S Reardon, Los Ang
Z A Morrill, Suisun
3 S Blrdsall. Auburn
)rW6 George, Antlch
r M George, Pa
f C McQueen, Wai Gr
X H H Hart, Cal
Z T Roberta & w, Cal
vlrs P Togllo. Stockton
•>C South worth, Sangr
V L Hawes, Los Ang
J Motheral, Visalla
tV W Douglas. Eacto
r R Com p ton & w, Cal
Ura G: F Fish. Phlla
3rDF Fox & w, Cal
r L Barham. Antloch
3 Llttell. N Y
? Salkeld, NY
Mrs Hill, Eldrldgo
Miss Blondln. Eldridge-
J B Luce. Seattle
R E Evans, Salt Lake
B F Smith. Los Ang
E J Ray, Sta Barbara
C E Stoud & w, lone
W G Remchoke & w,
Visalla
E C Marden, Grass Val
E Carney Jr. Sta Barb
T A Oliver, Austin
S King. Reno
8 P Reaves & w, Cal
A B Lemmon, Sta Ros
A L Hubbard & w, Cal
F M Smith. Vacavllle
C H Blemer. Sacto
B F Williams, Ls Gats
P S Jensen, Austin
J Donnellan, Salt Lake-
M Marsteller. Susanvll
J McBrain, Menlo Park
C F O'Brien & w. Mo
T Gilbert, Los Ang
W H Cheatham, Kans
Miss Cheatham, Kans
J J Icke & w, Ohio
Miss Icke. Ohio
Mrs A E Osborne, Cal
Miss Loff, Eldridge.
PALACE HOTEL.
t J Dobson, N Y
5 McKeown, L Ang
Urs McKeown. L Ang
? F White, Montana
Wiss White, Montana
faster White, Mont
VIr Lendrum, Nelson
Urs Lendrum. Nelson
SV Dean, Palo Alto
r Larkln, Palo Alto
iV H Thornton. NY
' Gluckstadt, Denmark
3 Vett, Denmark
2 Stokkelege, Denmrk
3 Raff el. Denmark
IV P Hammon. Orovle
W M Caswell. Spain
A. -Hill, Mich
3 M Stark, Mich
EH Cox. Madera
3 E Hill. Tacoma
«rs Hill.- Tacoma
L W Stockwell, L A
Mrs F J Steels, L Ang
A S Underbill. N Y
Mrs Underhill. N T
Z Oppenheimer. N Y
E Jacobs, S Diego
Mrs W A Banks, Ohio
S Hoerle. London
O Strathmann, Leipsig
A N Jung, N T
Mrs Roberts. L Ang
W W Roberts. N Y
W T Baker. NY
M B Wallack. Marln
E T Earl. Sacto
J Reynolds, Stanford
E Welnheyer, Austria
J D Schuyler, L Ang
E Fechheimer, Chicago
M Altman, Chicago
A Magnus, Chicago
E D Neff. Cal
jMrs F Buell. L An*
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
El Gorton & w, Cal
S Gorton, Woodland
U N Thompson &. w,
Galesburg, 111
I B Hawkins, Colo
I Dolan. Mill Valley
D Dunlap, Valiejo
A. Elkins, Chicago -
J J Sweeney, Stockton
A C Ryan. N Y
A Freeile, Truckee
P" C Shaw. Truckee
tl H-Mosran, Cal
H Schmidt. Sacto
Miss A O'Brien, S Lak
|J Dennis, Mill Valley
IC A Brings. S Crus
JE Ellis, Helena
A C/Carper. Denver
H H Wells. MinnpolU
E ->Hornnymon, Reno
T Borke, Reno
|B Dienat, Missouri
J W Dienst, w & «on,
Missouri
W Searts & w, N T
W E Dysart. Wash
Miss A Stevens, S Lake
Miss M O'Brien, S Lak
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Margaret . Broderick and as attorney William
and Florence Broderick (by attorney) to Fran
ces W. Eldrldse (wife of Z. S.). lot on >J line
of Broadway, 154:6 W of Baker street, W 77:8
by N 137:6; $10.
Ern«&t H. and Adelphla L. Wakeman to Jo
seph R., Morgan, lot on N line ef Halght street,
165 W of Baker. W 55 by X 137:6; «0.
J. Frank Walters, to Mary C. Braynard, lot
on S line of McAllister street, 131:3 W of Lyon,
W 25 by S 137:6; $1000.
Anne Ingllsh to Anne McMahon. lot on SE
line of Natoma street, 165 SW of Eleventh, SW
25 by SE SO; girt.
City and County of, San Francisco to Robert
F. Morrow and Addlson E. Head, lot on SE
corner of Fifteenth and Folsom streets, E 550,
N 256, W 275, N" 164, W 275. S 420; $ .
Margaret O'Day to Daniel ODay. lot on NW
corner of Fourteenth and Belcher streets. W 25
by N 100; dft.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Felicia C.
Lana (wife of William H.), lot on N lino of Lib
erty street, 255 E of Castro, E 23 by N 114; $10.
Emily M. Chabot (widow) to Josephine E.,
Catherine E. snd Clara M. Chabot, lot on N
line of O'Farrell street, 275 W of Stockton. W
£5 by N 137; gift.
J. Frank Walters to Mary C. Braynard, lot
on NE line of Hampton place. 98 SE of. Folsom
street, SE 27 by NE 55; J10CO.
City and County of Ban Francisco to Alex
VTeill and Lizzie E. Pratt, lot on N corner of
Eighth and Townsend streets, NE 275 by NW
275; S .
American Surety Company of New Tork to
Annie Coghlan (wife of Frank), lot on SE cor
ner of Nevada and Rhode Island streets, S 75,
K 100, S 25, E 100. N 100. W 200; J10.
Annie and Frank Coghlan to American Surety
Company of New York, same; J10.
Grace M. Leavenworth to John McGaw, let
on W line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 150 S of
Point Lobos avenue. S 75, W 76:3, NW 75. E 84;
*10.
Theresa M. Deane to Solomon Getz. lot on
NW corner of Eighteenth avenue and B street,
W 82:6 by N ICO; UO.
Geor*e C. and Etta H. Edwards to William
and Jean Lyons, lot on W Una of Tenth avenue,
200 S of O street. S 50 by W 120: $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
to Conrad D. Fraser. lot 6, block I, subdivision
L Castro-street Addition: $10.
Lucy-M. Campbell (widow) to Henry F. Blari
chet Jr., lot on N lino of Eighth avenue, 120 E
of L street. E 240 by N 100, lots 1S6 and 187.
block 141, Central Park; $10.
Jeanette R. Manner (Vandersllce) (wife of C
C. V.), Hermine and Milton T. Vanderslics,
Annie J. Johnson (wife J. S.) to P. L. Roberts,
lot on W line of Dame street. 150 S of Thirtieth,
S 25 by W 125, block 4S. Falrmount Homestead;
510.
Edward and Annie McCabe to Mary Cornell,
lot 1026, Gift Map 3; gi£t.
Julius C. and Louisa C. Digsins to Byron Dig
grina. lots 29. 33. 64 to 67, 64 to 66, 6S to 70. Flint
Tract Homestead Association; $10.
Amelia M. and Robert D. Graham, Malcolm
Graham Jr. and Edward F. Hatfleld (executors
and trustees estate of Malcolm Graham) to
Marcellus Hartley, lot on E line of Madrid
street. 1E0 N of Japan, N 150 by E 100, block 34,
Excelsior Homestead; also lot on SW corner of
Fourteenth avenue and A street, S 120 by V> 51.
block 237, South San Francisco Homestead As
sociation; also Jot en S corner of Tenth avenue
and E street, SE 75 by SW 200, block 202.
same; ?i.
Alameda County.
Sarah and R. D. Fearey, Romualdo and Ma
ria L. do Romo to Johanna Smith, lot on S lino
of Spring street, 295 E of Adeline. S SS by E 25.
being lot 82, Klmball Tract, Oakland; $10.
Henry and Augusta Olson to Elizabeth M.
Reynolds, lot on N line of Tenth street. 43:8?»
W of Castro. W 56:7T4 by N 100, block 118, Oak
land; JlO.
Samuel B. Reynolds to same, same, Oakland;
Sift.
Rudolph and Kate Elchlerd to Frank D. and
Llllie B. Bailey, lot on S line of Klinkner ave
nue. 959:10 E of San Pablo avenue. S 63. E 231.72,
W 224 to beginning, being- lots 16 and 17. on Map
2 of property of William O'Neill, Oakland; $10.
Hcratlo P., Norman B.. Edith. Mattle and
Elizabeth Llvermore (by W. S. Harlow. com
missioner) to Josephine F. Brugulere. lots 23,
24 and 25, en Map of Rockbridge, except that
portion conveyed to John C. Hays and recorded
in IS6 d. 133, Oakland Township; also that par
cel of land which was conveyed to Charles C.
Llvermore and recorded In 181 d. 200, and de
scrited as follows: .89 of an acre, beginning at
NW corner of plat 29 (land of Colonel J. Hays).
Rancho V. and D. Peralta. thence NW 247.30
feet to S line of private road, thence SW 20
fest. NW 75 feet, SE 345 feet, NE 100 to W line
of plat 29, thence NW 66 to beginning, portion
cf Rock Ridge, Oakland Township; also those
certnin parcels of land which were conveyed to
Charles E. Llvermore by John C. Hays and re
j corded ln 1S6 d. 63, and described as follows: Be
j ginning at most W corner of plat 29, Ro. V.
and D. Peralta. thence SE 1 chain. SW 73 links,
SE 1.37 chains, SE 1.65 chains, SS 1.50 chains.
SE 1.7S chains, SE 1.51 chains, SE 3.65 chains,
NE .S3 chains. NW 1.12 chains, NW .93 chains,
NW 1.82 chains, NW 2.76 chains, NW 6.17 chains
to NW line of eaid plat 29, thence SW 7.41
chains to beginning. Oakland Township; also
beginning at a stake in NW line of plat 29,
distant 1050 feet NE from W corner thereof,
thence along center of new road, SE 3.S4
chains. NE 3.S2 chains. NE 1.24 chains to W\
line of plat 29. thence SW 4.12 chains to begin
ning, Oakland Township: also beginning at a
stake in NW.Jlne of p'.at 23. diFtant 14G1 NE
from W corner thereof, thence along center of
new road, NE 2.12 chains, NE .79 chains, NW .46
chains to a point ln center of McAdam Creek,
on NW line of plat 23, thence SW 2.S0 chains to
beginning, containing collectively 6.44 acres, and
being portion of plat 23, Ro. V. and D. Peralta,
Oakland Township; H8.75S. '
Grace E. Jennings (executrix estate of Mi
riam K. Martin) to same, all Interest in lot on
N line of Thirteenth street, 100 E of Jefferson,
N 100 by W 42, being lot 25 and E 17 feet lots
1 to 4. block 1SS. Oakland; $12,000.
M. F. and Ella Gibbons to Moses and Laura
Bond, lot on W lino of Peralta street, 25 S from
NE corner lot 14. block 469. map of Gibbons
property, S3,W 81, N 25, E 83, to beginning,
being portion lots 14 and 15, block 463, map of
Gibbons property at Oakland Point, Oakland;
$10.
Brooklyn Investment and Loan Association
to Vivian P. Vandercook. lot on SW line of
East Twenty-seventh street, 80 NW of Twenty
fourth avenue. NW 40 by SW 100, being portion
lots 12 and 13, block 4, Blasdel Tract, Map 3,
Brooklyn Township; $1600.
Joseph L. Pettihomme to Gilbert Wyman,
lots 1 and 2. block S, Knowles and Potter sub
division Kennedy Tract. East Oakland; $300.
Gilbert and Margaret E. Wyman to Joseph
L. Pettihomme, lot on S line of East Four
teenth street, 225.50 W of Twenty-third avenue,
W 37, S 150. E 62, N 10. W 25, N 140, to be
ginning, East Oakland: $1500.
Alice HilleKass, Elmer E. and Fanny E.
Brown to Eleanor M. Smith, lot on E line of
Hillegass avenue, 335.56 S of Dwfght way. S
60 by E 159.48, being lot 22, block B, Hillegass
tract. Map 3. quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $1.
Charles H. Workman to Mary J. T. and Ellen
Burns, undivided 2-3 interest in following: Lots
16 to 19, 19H. 20 to 24. and all those parts of lots
14 and 15 lying S of county road leading from
Bay Farm Island to San Leandro. all in Section
30. Township 2 South, Range 3 West, Alameda
Township; also lots 17 and 19 ln Section 25.
Township 2 South, Range 4 W>;st, on Map of
the State Board of Tide Land Commissioners,
Alameda Township; $10.
Same to same, undivided 1-3 interest in same
(two pieces), Alameda Township: tlO.
Christine, Ludwis A. and William E. Clem
ents. Egedle C. C. Clark and Ingeborg. H. M.
C. McMahon to Oakland Paving Company (cor
poration), lot on W line of Adeline street, 126 S
of Twenty-fourth, S 25 by W 12S:3. being lot 17,
block 631. map of Adeline-street lots. Oak
land: $10. •
William and C. T. Nicholl to same, same,
cuitclaim deed; $9.
Charles W. Freeman to Paul G. E. and Min
na M. Buechner, lot on E line of Wood street,
85 N of Eleventh street. N 60 by E 95. being
portion of lots 2 and 3. block B, Oakland Point
Homestead Tract. Oakland ;i $1500.
Nicholas McCabe to United States Fidelity
and Guaranty Company, lots 33 and 34, block
480. on map I of Adeline and Market-street
Homestead, Oakland; $10.
George A. Bennetts to William A. Bennetts,
lot on W line of Fontalnebleau avenue. 100 N of
East Fifteenth street, N 25 by W 109:9, block
3, map of Fontainebleau Tract, East Oakland;
$10. . .
L. G. and Mary I. Burpee to Henry A. and
Ruth K. Allan, lot on BE line of Fourth ave
nue, 66 SW of East Tenth street, SW 36 by SE
120. block 8. Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
' A. A. Fink to Ella Connors, lot on SE corner
of Gllman and Second streets, S 100 by E 29, be
ing lot 1, block 29, map of Tract B, Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; $10.
Mary E. and Frank G. Kaiser to Joseph L.
Gayet, lot on N line of Highland avenue. 120
E of Laurel street, E 40 by N 132.50. being lot
4, block N, amended map of Moss Tract, Brook
lyn Township :«I10.
Fritz and Mary E. Boehmer to Anna C. M.
Wingerter, lot 2. block 1, map of Boehmer's
Ranch, map^t, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Eugene Eustachy to Marie Boulogne, lot on
E line of Lafayette street, 130 S of Eagle ave
nue. S 45 by E 10S, being lot 9 and S 20 feet of
lot 10. block 47. Town of Enclnal. Alameda; $10.
Marie Hillegass to Regents of University of
California, lot on N |Ine of Bancroft way,
61S.6O W of College avenue or Audubon or. Col
lege street. W 1C0 by N 134. being portion of
Hillsgasn Tract. Berkeley; $10.
James T. Ashby to Mark T. A*hby. lot on SE
corner of Manoa and Russell streets, E 160 by
S 230, being lots 1, 2. 3 and N 25 feet of lot 4,
block B. Claremont Tract. Berkeley; $10.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to William B.
Mallck, lot 25. block , on Map of Warner
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
R, J.XMcMullen to Sophie C. Dobbin, lot on
NW line of Mountain View avenue. 60 SW of
Olive street. SW 50 by NW 140. being lot 8.
block 26, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township;
no.
Builders' Contracts.
Thomas G. Taylor (owner) with H. H. Lar
sen & Bros, (contractors), architect Albert Sut 1
ton— All work except piling." concrete founda
tions, plumbing, sewering, ras nttins and ele
vators for a four-story and basement brick
building on SW.line. of Beale strwt. 229:2 NW
of Mission. NW 45 by SW 157:6; tlS.W.
J. F. Tparragulrre & Co. (owners) with
Charles M. Lindsay (contractor), architect C.
A. Meussdorffer — All work for a one-story frame
building on part of lot on SW corner of Broad-
Way and Powell street, V? 1C0 by S 93:6; J315O.
— : ¦ ? ¦
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Ijast week High Chief Ranger Boehm.
with the assistance of Permanent Secre
tary Falconer, instituted a new court that
had -been organized by W. P. Everett.
The evening before the high chief ranger
paid an official visit to Court Garden c.ty..
During the first week in October tlje
high chief ranger will start on a tour oi
official visits to the courts ln th8 southern
part of the State. On the 24th inst. he
will pay a visit to Court Stockton.
• Court del Monte will give a compli
mentary dance »in the social hall of the
Foresters* building on the night of the
26th inst. On the night of the 24th of
October the court will eive a grand en
tertainment and ball in Native Sons* Halt.
Court Denver No. 8S6D has been insti
tuted by Deputy W. E. Freeman at Den
ver, Colo. The organisers were S. S. B.
Boutains, J. H. Bergen and A. M. Mc-
Crummon.
A new court has been Instituted ln
Portland. Or.; by Deputy High Chief
Ranger J. Hilbert. \
Companions of the Forest.
"Washington Circle has arranged for an
entertainment and dance to be given in
the social hall of. the Ancient Order of
Foresters' building: on the night of the
20th of October. A special feature of the
evening will be the presentation of the
comedietta "To Oblige Benson."
Supreme Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Falconer has scheduled an official visit
to Tuolumne Circle at Carters on the
night of the 1st of October. That will fall
on the night of the second anniversary
of the institution of the circle, conse
quently great preparations are being made
for the event. - On the 4th of Octdber she
will pay a visit to Pride of the Mountains
Circle at Groveland.
There are to be a number oA parties by
local circles. Bohemian is to nave one on
the 27th inst., Loyal on the 29th, Ivanho«
on October 4 and Sherwood on the 6th.
Last week the supreme grand chief com
panion and other grand officers, together
with the board of deputies, paid a visit
to Fidelity Circle and one to Franklin
Circle. Each visit was productive of a
grreat deal of good fraternal feeling. Each
circle, after the work of the evening, had
a pleasing entertainment, followed by a
banquet, at which short addresses were
made by a number of the visitors.
A new circle of the order was Instituted
In West Oakland last Thursday night by
the supreme grand officers.
» ? ¦ .
Order of Chosen Friends.
Golden Gate Council -will hold a special
evening of entertainment on the night of
the 2Sth inst for the benefit of Its own
members.
Grand Recorder "Wallls has sent out a
circular to each council ln the Jurisdiction
requesting the appointment of a council
solicitor.
THE SAF FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1900.
11
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
GP.'X'ERi-— Store ccr. Hayes and Gouich, for-
mer!y occupied by Cluff Bros., now by Stager
Urof-.. for rer.t from October 1: $65. ASHTON
& BAHODfgn. *ll llcntromery st.
LAUUS decant 'tore and bas-ercent: SS3 Valen-
cia et., r.esr 21st; business center; suitable
fcr any business.
KSTABLIPHED shoemaker shop: good location -
<-heap rent. Inquire CC1 Larkln et.
PALMISTRY.
MSGB. KEEBGAABO ha. r^mo^eSTto^m^csi-
t-.curg l '.r, -. gv «, ar .,j Sunday by appointtngct.
PERSONA Lj.
A NOBLE foreign eentiem«jnT'elri^Ie?"vou R sr
university education, speaking several laV
p:c^e>-. bavtas been all over the world, would
likp an engagement as companion: references
rfvea 13 a person moving in good society or
v- forr.e _ one^ traveling. BARON g. L.. box
4472, trail office.
AUGUST STAXFELT VO uld like to know the
whereabout* cf his wife. Viola Stanfelt. who
-n-fcs heard of ln Seattle six years ago.
Anybody knowing- whereabouts will please ad-
dregs AUG. STAXFELT. Winchester Hotel.
l."DERER, the popular hairdresser, artistic
£. A:r * r t S£:rie ctil y fc y th « **« hair axtiats;
hair re. Is and switches a «peciaity.
"iiE HUDSON RIVER CO..
„ , HOPKE BROS,
.mattresses ar.a p"!ows made to order, reeov-
«r*><l er.a renovated; honest work ruarar.teed:
; r;c*a defy ccmpet^'cn:flne upholstery; phone
¦ ' i: factory. SIS 3.d j;o Eleventh St.; flrst-
exua riean'.r-g- and dyelne. 13 O'Farre'.l St.,
•.ff.T PoweU. San Francisco.
1.LECTP.IC licnte ia every r_>om— Winchester
Hotel. 4i Tfcipd st.. near Market: TOO rooms;
tic to Si IS) per nlitht; Jl Ut to SS per week;
free 'bus and biggace to and from the ferry.
I-EDERER'S Quintonica Hair Tonic. 55c botT:
liecutia^s ax.d plv^s that grloss. Its Stockton.
FL'lXb to order on installments: $15 upward!
SI a week. LEON LKMOS. 1117 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
J'iLES — 200 permanent curfs in San Francisco,
¦«ho can be seen: no operation; no pain: par-
ticulan ter.t. Ad. Physician, box 1S50, Call.
LEl'ERER'S Fcarno Sharopoo. 6c pkjt. : cleanse* I
snd F»wt»r;f the hair: you mo« try It. !
PBTVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years" experier.ee. J. B. RAT, SET Jessie st.
BITXTS to crfer on easy pavmer.ts. Art Tailor-
:r.p Co.. 3«44 Mkt.. under 6t- Nicholas HoteL
HAIR Quickly curled cr waved by using; Tal-
ectfa curling fiuid; !3c a bottle; druggists.
'.'.ANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware: rurtos. all descriptions. £25 Dupont st. j
:.r".EDCM3 Ervrtlan Henna restores sray
hair to It* natural color; IL at all drupgists.
- -."-OFF cloth'.nr. old rold and silver boujtht;
: . p-.stal. COLEMAN'S. f.Q6 Kearny Ft.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
; ' ; . C. C. O" DO NNELL— Office and residence?
: T:~ Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
HEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SJLLB.
PALDTVTN & HOTVELLs
16 MONTGOMERY ST.
New rm>ertj- listed and \ arra:r» in inveet-
•rt rr-cr-erUe*. Xotnin* tn this list but what
.!¦ -'c:5ei!y cheap and can t>ear full lnspectioa.
B»lQfr-&*BtS tt2 t*r month; a rare barrain; j
rajs bur interest; laree lot; eplendid |
iir.proverrientjs; near Jackson and Mason, j
IS "->— Otrner ar.xicras to sell; 2-story res'-
C'sce; i rem* ar.d bath; large lot, S2:6x
115 to an alley; near Carp and Twenty-
fi:th ste.
:\:V— Reduces to Jol50; residence cf • rooms,
and bath; front and back stairs; bil-
liard room; latest dumbing, etc.; lot
¦with doubie frontage; room fcr Cats or
stable: best residence location; ne&x
Golden Gate Park; 1 block from
Haight-st. cars; property worth JTtOO;
This ii a genuine bargain.
I' J Vl — Rents tllGO a year; well Improved bufcl-
rje«» comer; near Sutter and Fillmor*
ets.; larsv lot LSxlOC; etcrea and reel- j
dencee.
ir. r OC — Near the eerier of Fourth and Minna
fts. : lot 2SxT0; S-story buildlna; of 3 flat*; i
rent* J4S-0 per year; nght ln the heart j
cf town.
JJ.T30 — Rents J5S per month; corner on Dolores
St.; well liKrrcved with t new Cats of I
5 and C rcoma and bath each; always i
rented, let ?CxSS.
H.tJCG— Rpr.rs $32 per month; Buchanan et.. j
near Hsicht; 2-etory hou«e of i roorr.» :
t.id bath; »tr**t bituralniwd; cement j
Eid»wa!k; a decided bajf aia for a home j
»¦•».-.-.
— __ I
JS.'JO — Ycur owa wtief; like- paying; rent; new '
co-.tajre. iust ccmjpleted; 2215 Lag-una I
St., ccrner let near Lombard: E rooms,
tath. reception hall, etc.; must be sold;
fcouie cj>ea to-day.
15.250— Fourth st • retail business property —
ater* ar.d Cat; rer.t* J"Q per month; pays
S per cert net; must be eold to close es-
tate; this Is a bergaia.
tl.100 — Rents STJ9 P«r year; Jarce let. 60x50;
cottage fcou&e; near Felsom and Kighth
us.; executor's sale.
r-J.&Cfl— Rent* 1160 per mesth; always rented;
earr>e tenants for years; large corner;
¦well iirrrovfi with stor*» and Qati-;
McAllister *t.. not far from Van Xess
arc
t*.E'3C — Rents JS p*r month; price reduced to
make quick sale; 2 houses and rear co:-
taee on McAllister et., close to Las~uua.
r.o.MO— Only JJ.^O cash; bank mortgage of
J13.000 can remain; lot 30x100; with 3-
«tory buildins on Van Nest, ave., near
Goiden Gate.
Full particulars of any cf the above
"creruts on ai-rlicaticn at cfiice of
BALDWIN & HO WELL. IS Montgomery «t
NEW PROPERTY!
N E W PRO PE RT Y ! :
¦ NEW PROPERTY'.!
troildinc lots on very »>asy payments;
''i l.ne of the H-«. electric tars and frcntlr.g
•• lea Gate Park B/!d the new Uth-ave. boule-
\ard; en)y a mirvjfe's wsdk from Strawberry
Hill and Park attractions.
2klaca4&miz*-i Street* on Official Grades.
— Plank fc:<ie»slK£. Gas ani "Water Service!'.! —
TtftKieratf- Price*— The Qirtrrrt Locality.
itar«! Chance for Ir.v«-«tment seekers
and Home Builders.
Your Own Term*— Inteiwt Only 6 per <"ent.
Money advanced for Luildinc purposes; the
<< etliept ar.d handsomest modern houses in
Btmset District are now being occupied and
conrtructed on the new 13th-ave. boulevard.
days, gandays and holidays), corner nf H st.
find Sth ave., eouth of Golden Gate Park, and
s*k to be fhew d ih<*s« beautiful lots. Full pa-r-
uc»;»r» fend price list* also at our office.
BALDWIN & HO WELL,
10 Muntsomeiy et.
CLEAN EN VESTMENTS.
ATA.M. 6PECK & CO.'S, 6C7 MARKET ET.
JITS, 0»— Par* € per cent net; Market et.; one
tenant.
IiO.000— Pays 7 per cent; few blocks from
Chronicle.
jjq.wtt— pays «370; grand corner; all rented.
.•-'-.¦ — Pays S per cent net; grand comer; one
tenarU: lease Z years.
JSO.OOO— Rents JS2: new improvements.
JSS.OOO— Grand ccrner cf 2 stores ar.d five flats;
few block* from City H»U: ail rented.
112.600— Or* :<d «<tore property: 70 feet front;
rents 1290 a month; all rented.
$17,i00— Oarid invettrr.eat; 40 leet front; near
Van Ness ave. and McAllister et.;
rents JHi.
J17.I0C — Grand corner; renta J16i; 70 feet front,
on Slain st. ,•
HJtlOQ— WteatM $H*.; new Improvements. '
tJO.OXf— Eiegant flats, not far from Van Ne«s;
rt-Sts t!10'»; only hi cafh; all rented.
j:- .: ¦ — More property on Fourth et.; one
tenant.
$$.CC6— Ftore property on Ninth «t., near Mar-
ket; very cheap.
js.ono—Kcnus t"0; new flats near Van Ness ave.
*6.o:«— Post «¦: three Saw; rents JGO.
I*. W0— Kuur rlepant Cats cf 4 rooms each,
rer.tF UO.
fl.T5> Mi—Ion fiats: rents $310 annually; near
Tuenty-fonrth st.
fJ.aOO — Stor« ar.d flat; near Union Iron Works;
rente $22.
S2.25&— Cozy J»-room cottage on Castro st.
l2.Vj(t— Rents SZS; Valiejo St.; worth J3500.
A. M. EPnCK & CO., 6«7 MARKET ST.
HOUSE for sale— Ten rooms and two bath«7
iurnace. electric lights, gas, completely car-
l*-\f<l: on Prf«idio Heixrhts: marine vJew; lot
Si :f'.»x 2 <Aj; house and carpet* one year old;
prict fKBt. Apply Cli gpruce St.. between Sac-
iani< nt<» and Clay.
HOLLY Park Trart. lots «S. <9. 60. in block S.
t»et. Laurel and South ave.; the best In the
tract; pt-ifmpiory order to sell; submit offer.
W. J. t;U.\.V, Vjij California st.
J 13,000— CORNER 'ot. 100x120: new build in jr.
grocery and bar. Meek and fixtures; on end
cfcar line; cleariag 1300 mo. Box S716. Call.
FOB PALE— 11600 cottage; 4 rooms; lot 30x70.
K Church Ian*-, near Sixteenth «t.
MODEUN' houses built ;lowe£t prices ;plaos arfd
ouixnates furnished. Campbell, 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; o^w; € rooms, bath; lot 60x
1<*»; $3C»«S; terms t<? suit burer. 413 Kearny ot.
BUSH, ir; — Nice, large residence; could, be
Hx-cd into Sate; very cusny; 30x127:6; call. I
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR. SALE.
EASTOx" ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S MARKET ETREET.
J300 CASH.
MISSION COTTAGE.
E rooms and bath and stable, on Chat-
tanooga st., near 22d St.; Mlsslon-st. cars
rass; bitumen street; large lot, 25x117 :fi
to rear street; rents tn.per month.
FOR YOUR RENT MONEY.
J000 ca.«h — Two beautiful modern Mis? Ion
flats of 3 and 4 rooms and porcelain bath.
«tc. ; the rent you receive pays lor them.
$500 cash— Sunny modern corner house !n the
Mission; S rooms and porcelain bath; lot
27X1M feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET COTTAGE.
11900— Near Folsom and 7th sts.; well-built cot-
tage. 6 rooms; lot 25xS0 feet.
BEAUTIFUL MISSION WARM BELT:
BEST PART: NO FOG: NO WIND.
WOO- „ REDUCED FROM WOO
Make offer; elegant 40-foot lot ln center of
*arm belt; choicest portion.
J3500— SNAP! ..BARGAIN 13500
Two large flats, 5 and 6 rooms; rents $30;
near 27th and Guerrero Ets.
PATS 14 PER CENT.
SNAP ON LARKIN STREET BARGAIN
15000-Rents JTO month; 3 flne flats.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
JTSCft— Rents JSC5 per annum; 3 new elegant mod-
ern flats; porcelain tubs; tile mantels;
elegant and modern in every deta'l.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
_ 63S Market street.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
CITT property and f arrns~soid r,r"^x"hanged7
lists free. Marlon Griffin. 719 Market, rm. 1.
FOR sale— About 3 acres of lar.d, near Colma,
San Mateo County. 445 Valencia st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS in improved and unimproved Ala-
meda real eatate In all parts of Alameda on
easy terms. Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park et.. Alameda: 20 Poet Bt.. Pan Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$24fio — $100 CASH. $25 per month; new two-story I
dwelling of 8 rooms; porcelain bath, tiled '
sink and a fine mantel; located on large lot in !
excellent neighborhood ; close to local trains
and car lir.es. BELDEN & COOK. Wash-
ington and Fourteenth sts.
J2IW— JIM CASH. J^ per month; modern two-
stiirv house of 8 ro^ms; just finished; com-
plete in even' detail: finely situated on cor-
ner Tot- cars pass the door. BELDES &
COOK. Washing-ton and Fourteenth Ets.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house of 8 large
rooms and bath; sanitary plumbing; lot BOx
1*): central location. Apply i>39 19th rt.. Oakld.
OAKLAXiJ HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses" Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. long Broadway. Oakland. j
OAKLAND FUl-N'ITCItB FOR SALE. \
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the i
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland, j
«— - — I
" ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, near Powell— Fur.ny furnished
rooms or parlors; running water.
CLAY. 2421. near Fillmore — 2 large unfurnished
rocms; upper flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
FELL. Ill— Larire eur.ny room nicely furnished;
kitchen and bathroom attached.
HARRISON. 731—3 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $13.
HOWARD. S:7A— Suite housekeeping rooms, $2
per week: single room, $1. •
HOWARD. 1%G— A furnished room ln private
family for light houspkeepiTiy ; cheap.
HTfiE. 4 r S— Sunny front alcove suite complete
for housekwpinc, $20; also basement, $15.
Z PLEASANT sunny hou«ekeepin5 rooms; rent
cheap. 114 LeRoy place, oft Sacramento st.
MARKET, opp. Fifth— Large room and kitchen
furnished; folding bed; gas; $10. 342 Kearny. j
NICELY furnished front room, with privilege
of light housekeeping. 323 A O'Farrell Bt.
OAK. 115 — Sunny single rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; $3 aO, $6 and $7 each.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS TO LET Farn. and Infnrn.
A^ni?Nirwic3riiotsMr^^
to Jl per r.'.sht; $1 25 to J5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
A QUIET and respectable home for light house-
keeping: suites $16 up; bath; telephone. St.
Jame?, McAllister and Lagur.a sts.
BURNETT. HZ6 Market fold No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rme., suite*, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 120 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., $1 E0 to $7
week; 25c to $1 LO night. MRS. P. RAXFT.
BUSH, 324 — Furnished runny rooms, suits or
einglr, 25c per night up; transient.
CALIFORNIA. f£2, near Powell— Furnished
handsome sunny pariorti or rooms.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny roomi; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 792 — Nicely furnished very pleasant
room; closet, grate, gas, bath; reasonable.
ESSEX place. 1, off Essex st.. Rincon Hill— 1 I
newly furnished room to let for 1 or 2 gentle-
men; bath, hot and cold water.
GEARY, ZZ-6 — Elegant front parlor; piano;
suites; other pleasant rms.; phone; light hkpg.
GEARY, 1133 — Large bay-window front room;
phone; reference.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Sexenth
and Mlcsicn sts.— Sunny rooms, en euite or
single; ladies' parlor: reading-room: elevator.
HOWARD. 1609. near Twelfth— Sunny alcove j
room, tuitable for two; new and reasonable.
HYDE. 1026—2 large sunny unfurnished rooms I
and bath: rent reasonable.
JUST open; furnished rooms, 53 per month
and upward. 2G7 Minna st.
LARKIN. 1004, near Post— Newly furnished
sunny rooms; light housekeeping; large
rooms; $S month.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
nr,«.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
MARKET, 76*— Rnorra suitable for business;
ctbJr rooms by day, week or month.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
NORWOOD. 611 Taylor — Furnished eunny
suites; alEo single rooms; terms reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis s^— Rooms,
night 2ic to II, week $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis Bt.— Incandescent light;
readinr room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to Jl 50; week, $2 to
$S: month. $5 to $20: elevator on ground floor;
•g rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1365— Three rooms; separate
entrance: large yard. Rent $7. . .
SHERMAN Apartment House, £S Eighth" st,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
TAYLOR Terrace. 2 and 4. bet. Union and Fil-
bert— 2 and 4 sunny rooms; low rent.
TAYLOR. 60!*— Large "sunny front room, newly
furnished; private house. i -,- ;
TENTH. 143— Sunny front rooms; suitable for
two young gentlemen.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS WANTED.
THREE gentlemen wish permanently 3 well-
fumlshed rooms with connecting bathroom;
location within Van Ness and Taylor and
Bush and O'Farrell sts. Box 44S9, Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First Et.. near Har-
rison.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Board and room for gentleman and
Invalid wife, who can have care during day,
in private family; terms moderate. 1516 Mls-
slon st.
_ STABLES, TO LET.
LARGE stable •with S stalls: suitable for coal-
yard; good neighborhood; rent 110. 1519 TurJc__
, SPECIAL NOTICES.
L. RIMASSA of the firm of Rlmassa & Co..
Italian restaurant, 622 Montgomery st., having
eold his interest to ATTILIO MOLFINO. will
not be responsible for any debts contracted
by ATTILIO MOLFINO or F. LAZZARI.
ROOMS capered from $2 50; whitened. Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mader'
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
•415 Mor.tR-omery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
SEWIXO MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 4th st
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
t«ed. Charles Plambeek. 1915 Mission, nr. lath.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., "22 Mission st;
Tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
"WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. £320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson SSI.
TO LEASE.
TO let— Fine rooms suitable for light manufac-
turing purposes. Apply at 511 Sansome st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^ARGAIxilN" TTPEWRlfE^S^Ve
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter •
Exchange. 52S California; telephone Main 266.
AL/W'ATS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for oriees to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montcomery n.
NEW typewriters. $5 down. J5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California st.
DIVIDE.ND .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notlce^Dividend No. 109 (fifty
cents per Fhare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., on and after Mon-
day October 1. 1900. Transfer bocks close
en Tuesday. September 25. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. rn. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRfAGETLICENSEsT"
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Frank Granuccl, 21, 1212 Stockton etreet, and
Matilda Angeli. 21. 733 Filbert street.
Charles H. Darling. 21, 1614 Polk street, and
Suzetta Hoffman, 21. 241 Turk street.
George H. Myers. 36, 1911 Bush street, and
Bertha Moser. 21. 1333 California' street.
Arthur H. Plgott, 32. 967 Mission street, and
Mildred Rockfort, 22, Sausallto.
Adolf Eeaborg. 3S. city, and Ida Erlkson, 89,
city.
¦ Lmil» H. Earner. 33, 1203 Mission street, and
Anna "W. Wulzen, I s . 3647 Twenty-third street.
Charles A. Ernst, 34, B39H Second street, and
Minnie M. Moller, 25. 539 Second street.
Alfred T. Regan. 23. 1911 Pierce street, and
Angelina E- Ralston, 21, 1911 Pierce street.
! John H. Bennett, 25, Oakland, and Ellen V.
; Clarke, 23, 151 Precita avenue.
Whitney Cornwall, 40, Stockton, and LMa L.
Packwood. S2, city.
Charles F. Heywood. 2?. 43 Powell street, and
Padie A. Frichette. 23. S3 Powell street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must ba handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JOHNSTON'— In this city, September U, 1900, to
the wife of A. Hope Johnston, a son.
MINOR— In this city. September 17, 1900, to the
wife of Charles Minor, a son.
| MOREL-In this city, September 23, 1300, to the
i wife of Fay F. Morel, a son.
I SAND— In this city. September 23. 19C0. to the
| wile of J. E. Sand, a daughter.
WOHN— In the City of Mexico, September 20,
1900, to the wife of Frederick Wohn (nee Ditt-
manr), a daughter. -
MARRIED.
PFEIFER— KOENECKB-In this city, Septem-
ber 23, 1900. by the Rev. Herman Gehrcke,
Hcinrich Pfeifer and Henry Koenecke, both
of San Francisco.
REAVES — AXT— In this city, -September 25,
1900. by the Rev. Dr.. John A. B. Wilson,
Sidney Powell Reaves of Athens, Ga., and
Josephine Axt of Guatemala, Central America.
WOLF— BURNS— In this city. September 23,
1900, at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev.
Father Hannlgan. Charles Wolf of New York
and Retta Burns of San Francisco.
YOUNGER— FREDWEN- In this city, Septem-
! her 24, 1900, by the Rev. H. II. Bell, D.D.,
Basil Roberton Younger of Orosl, Tulare
County, Cal.. youngest son of the late Thomas
Younger of North Shields, England, and
Mary Pomeroy Fredwen. daughter of the late
Captain Charles Fredwen of Maryboro,
Queensland. Australia.
J DIED.
Adaml, ChriEtoph McEnerney Hlizabeth
Anthony, Albert D. McNeil, Manuelita ',
Bennett, Margaret F. Minor (infant)
Bowen, Charles J. Morrison, Susan
lirown. Frederick E. Nelson, Captain C.
Callan. Justini D. Penrose, Kate
Cook, Margaret F. Provlnes. Elizabeth
Dillon, Mary Puffer, Fred N.
Doyle, Mrs. Jennie E. Rathfon, Benjamin
Gales, Margaret Sains, Joseph
Jack3on. John P. Steuben. Harriet N.
Kenway. Delia ' Tobin, Alfred
Lovett. Emma. A. Walker. Mary
McCready, William Walsh, Patrick
ADAMI— In this city, September 25, 1900, Chris-
toph Adaml, beloved husband of the late Su-
Fann& Adaml. and father of Wenzel, John,
Conrad, Katie and Christine Adami, a native
i of Nifcderweispt, Germany, aged TO years 7
months and 5 days.
ANTHONY— In this city. September 24. 1S00,
Albert D., beloved husband of Bessie An-
thony, son-in-law of P. Kelly, and brother-
in-law of J. B. and F. C. Kelly. Mrs. John
Hayes and Mrs. C. H. Townsend of Denver,
Colo., a native of Philadelphia, aged SS years.
C^TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funerai
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street,
thence to Third and Townsend streets, 11:30
o'clock train. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
BENNETT— In this city, September 24, 1900,
Margaret F., beloved wife of the late Fred-
; «"rlek H. Bennett, dearly beloved mother of
'¦ Mrs. Emma Seaton and the late Edward J.
Bennett, and grandmother of Edward, Charles
and Paul Seaton, a native* of Dundalk, County
Louth. Ireland, aged «3 years.
(r^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 5 Dover street, off Brannan, between
First and Second. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
BOWEN — In Nushagak, Alaska, August 14,
1SC0. Charles J.. only son of James P. and
Margaret Bowen, and brother of Mollle E.
Bcwen, a native of San Jose, Cal., aged 26
years and 6 months.
BROWN— September 25, 1900, Frederick E.
Brown, son of Mrs. Isabella Brown, and
brother of J. W. and A. A. Brown, Mrs. D.
G. Alexander and Mrs. John Altkenr a na-
tive of Andover, Mass.. aged 31 years and 3
months. (Andover. Mass., papers please
copy.)
E>"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of Mrs. D. G.
Alexander, 1240 Broadway, Alameda. Inter-
ment private, Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
CALLAN— In this city, September 25. 1900, Jus-
tlm" Diana Callan. dearly beloved wife of John
Callan, mother of the late John and Irene'
Callan, daughter of Frank and the late Julia
Rlverst, and sister of Edward, John. Samuel,
Hector and Edmund Riverst and Mrs. Arnie
¦O'Farrell. a native of Canada, aged 25 yearn
2 months and 21 days. (Montreal, Canada,
papers please copy.)
(T^N'otlce of funeral hereafter.
COOK— ln this city, September 25, 1900, Mar-
garet Fourcade Cook, dearly beloved mother
of George Fourcade, Mrs. An|rew G. John-
eon and Mrs. Charles J. Hogran, a native of.
County Tyrone. Ireland, aged 53 yegta.
DILLON— In this city, September 23, 1900. Mary
Dillon, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
DOYLE— In this city. September 24, 1900, Mn».
Jennie E.. beloved wife of the late Henry H.
Doyle, daughter of the late Bridget Matheson,
mother of Lizzie and Harry Doyle, and sis-
ter of Albert, Joseph, Edward and the lata
Mark Mathepon, a native of San Francisco.
itvTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 255 Thirteenth street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, Eighteenth ' and
Shotwell streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
GALES— In this city, September 25, 1900, Mar-
garet Gales, beloved mother of John, Frank,
Lizzie and Josephine Gales, Mrs. Mary Seuf-
fera and Mrs. Margaret Johnson, a native of
Belgium, aged 62 years.
JACKSON— In this city, September 25, 1900.
HENRY. J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School. *
Telephone South 80.
I/nesfW/O'Y «fc CO.. |
FUXERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER8, I
1239 Market St., .between 8th and 9th. I
Telephone South 247. • |
UNITED UNDERTAKERS. I
27 and 29 Fifth »t. Tel. South 167.
rCKEEAL PIRECT0R3 AND EMBALMEH3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
John Putnam, beloved husband of Anna. Jack-
son, a native of Cleveland, Ohio, aged 67
years
KENWAY— In this city, September 25. 1900,
Delia, dearly beloved wife of Alfred S. Ken-
way, mother of Evelin and Mary Kenway,
Bister of Maggie, John and Julia Culllnan,
and niece of John Cullinan. .a native of the
parish of Kllmichael, County Cork, Ireland,
a^red 23 years and 7 months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 11 Hickory avenue, thence to St. Jo-
seph' b Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LOVETT— At Merced Falls, September 2t 1900.
Emma A,, beloved wife of Eugene R. Lovett,
and mother of Merton R. Lovett, fe native of
Connecticut, aeed 57 years.
McCREADY— In this city, September /,, 1900,
William, beloved father of Charles. Evans,
Stephen, Georse and Mabel McCready. a na-
tive of Canada, aged C4 years.
tcyThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SIcKXERXEY-In this city. September 25. 1900.
Elizabeth, wife of Garret McEnerney, a na-
tive of California.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 413 Shrader street, thence to St. Igna-
tius-Church, where a requiem mass will b»
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
McNEIL— In this city, September . 23.' 1900,
Manuelita McNeil, beloved mother of Wil-
liam McNeil and of the late James McNeil
an j Sarah Hendrickson. and grandmother of
Lury; Jimmy and Tillie McNeil and W. J.
an<l J. Ed Rorke. a native of Chile. ,
tnyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MIXOR-In this city. September 17. 1900, Infant
eon of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Minor.
MORRISON— In San Leandro, September 24,
SuFan, beloved wife of Neil George Morrison,
and mother of George. Maggie. Edward and
Minnie Morrison, and Bister of Allx Reid.
Mary Haas and the late William Reid. a. na-
tive of Dundee, Scotland, aged 57 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at Z o'clock, from San Leandro.
NELSON— In this city, September 24. 1300, Cap-
tain Christian Nelson, a native of Norway,
ajed f,9 years. ,
ITTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock, from Red Men's Hall. 320 Post street,
under the auspices of Master Mariners' Asso-
ciation. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of the California Under-
taking Company, 405 Powell street, near Poet.
PENROSE— In Gold Hill, Nev.. September 24.
1900, Kate, beloved daughter of John and Mary
Ann Penrose, sister of Mrs. Bessie Davis,
Mrs. Drilia Morgan, Mrs. Mabel Patterson
and Lillian Penrose, and granddaughter of
Mrs. C. Klngsman, a native of California,
a<red 25 years.
PROVINES— At her home, in this city, Septem-
ber 23, 1900, Elizabeth Agnes Provlnes (nee
Sharpies), wife of Robert R. Provines, and
mother of Archibald Claverlng Gunter.
tCTTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 1212
Washington street, >
PUFFER— In this city, September 25. 1900, Fred
N. Puffer, aged 26 years. A member of Tun-
alpais Camp No. 427. Woodmen of the World,
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of H. P. Petersen & Co., 22S Mc-
Allister street.
RATHFON— In Oakland. September 25, 1900, at
660 Thirty-second street. Benjamin F., be-
loved husband of Josephine Rathfon, and
father of Ethel Rathfon, a natlva of Indiana,
aged 4S y«.-ars 3 months and 11 days.
SAINS— In this city, September 25, 1900, Joseph
Sains, a native of California, aged 25 years.
STEUBEN— Near San Jose, Cal., September 24,
1900, Harriet N. Steuben, a native of Brattle-
boro, Vt, aged 79 years 6 months and 13 days.
(Gilroy papers please copy.)
[T^Kuneral services to-morrow (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock, at the residence of C. S. "Wright,
1201 Jones street. Interment at Brattleboro,
Vermont.
TOCIN-In this city. September 24, 1900, Alfred,
son of Mary A. Tobln and the late Richard
Tobln. a native of San Francisco.
EyThere will be a requiem mass for the
repose of his soul, at St. Mary's Cathedral,
Van Ness avenue, this day (Wednesday),
at 10 o'clock.
WALKER-In Colma, San Mateo County. Sep-
tember 25. 1S00. Mary, dearly beloved wife of
Henry H. Walker, daughter of J. H. and E.
Garber, and sister of Mrs. W. Wilkinson of
Auburn, Placer County, Mrs. E. Morrison of
Sacramento and Olli« and Josephinn Garber.
a native of Butte County, Cal., aged 26 years
3 months and 26 days.
WALSH— In this city, September 24, 1900. Pat-
rick, dearly beloved husband of Lucy Walsh,
a native of Farmough, County Cork, Ireland,
aged *2 years.
iTTPTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Gantner & Gunta Undertaking
Company, 1203 Mission street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, corner of Sixteenth and
Dolores streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, comrrencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery by carriage.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
&
Three popular sizes —
62x27 inches. $2.50
72x36 inches .$4.50
78x54 inches $8.50
In Oriental and Persian designs — dull,
rich colors— peculiar and interesting
patterns. Really richer in colorings and
appearance than genuine Persian, which
cost at least ten times more.
A very large assortment of all kinds of
Rugs.
See the windows — Rugs rich and rare.
215-217 Sutter Street, Above Kearny.
OCEAN TEAVE1.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Broadway
l^t ¦wharf, San Francisco:
f^«^. For Alaskan Porta— 11 a.m..
ftft&vfew September 23. IS, Cvt. 3.
t^^h^ti Change to company's stearn-
pSSi?*iMjMl For Vlctorln. Vancouver
Lysp^^Kal (B. C). Port ToTrnffnd, Se-
C attle, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 11 a. m.. September
13. tS. Oct. 8 and every flfth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. R'y; *t Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Septem-
ber 20, 25, 30, Oct. 5. and every flfth day there-
after. .
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayu-
cob. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Garlota.
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Fan Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anpeles) and Newport— 9 ;
a m.. September 20, 24. 28. Oct. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Lu!s Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a.
m.. September 22, 26. 30, Oct. 4 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mag-Jalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayrr.as (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the rlphi to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
¦without previous notice. v _
TICKET OFF1CE-4 New Montffliner)-
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Apents..
10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. HO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMEBS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
renr $12 First Class including Berth
rAnr. 58 Second Class ond Meal*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails. ...Sept. 20. SO
COLUMBIA sails Sept. 25. Oct. &
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Outte.
Helena and all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Affent.
£30 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Branr.an streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiojo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
concectlns at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No careo received on board on day
of Bailinz.
SS. AMERICA MARTJ
Wednesday, October 17. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. Novembej* 13, 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU *
Thursday. December 6. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
KIMBALL S. S. CO.'S .
FOR NOME, ALASKA,
VIA SEATTLE.
Slinr. John S. Kjmball
" Sails From Mission No. 1 Wharf
THURSDAY September z7. 1900
For freluht and passage, K. S. S. CO., 220
Market st.
AMERICAN LINE.
IIW YORK. 8CC73AXPT0T tONDOlf. PASHl
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Oct. S St. Louis Oct 21
New York Oct. 10 New Tork Oct. II
St. Paul Oct. 17 St. Louis Nov. 11
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland Oct. 31 Kensirrton Oct. 21
Pouthwark Oct. 101 Noordland Oct. 31
Westernland Oct. 17J Eouthwark Nov 11
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery Street.
OOMPAGSIB GENEHALE TRANSATLAHTIQUZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of rfffrflH
Saturday, from November 2, ISM. at -V«s*4s*
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, fcot ot
Morton street. LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 27;
LA TOURAINE. Oct. 4: L'AQUITAINE, Oct.
11; L> LORRAINE. Oct. 18. First-class to
Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to Havre.
J42 50 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA, S2 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& ' CO.. Pacific Coast Ag-ents, 5 Montgomery
«venue, San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO.-HO>TOlTTlTJ,APIA
AUCKLAND AXX> SVDXEV.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia. Wed., Oct. 3, 9 p. m.
S. 3. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, Oct. 17. 2 p. rn.
j. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aqls., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot PaciPc St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
bay' and river steamebs.
~7qru. s. ravy yard and yallejh
"\ \V" : /. Steamst* "ilontlcella.*"
. MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m.- (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. rn. and S:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. TeleDhon« Main" 1508.
FARE .....50a
f "|^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
itsMff&jlx 625 HEAIEXK SI. K3tat)llshed
slriS^3s» ln 183 * * or the treatment of Private
FsiJJV fw Diseases, liost Man hiHxi Debiiityor
CS^.:^ 1 5S?Bf!i'ea3P'**8arinsOiibod7an»lininaa!!Ci
fcTefctJiJ^iCfl =>kln Diseases. The fJoctorcureswheii
t^^Wifciwa "there fall, lry him. Charge? iow
' *'"¦•»¦ ffaymna ¦» CaliorwritA
Or. J. r. <ii£BBOSr. Box l»S7.SanFraacl«co
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Frandsco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS.-.. .9:30 a. in.. 1:45 and 5:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS..!. ». 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Faxe San Francisco to Summit and return, SI 44
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
TICKET OFFICES 631 MARKET ST..
SAUSAX.ITO FERRY,
EJLTLROAD TILAVEL.
MOl'TIIKKX I'tCII'K- I'lini'AM.
(r«ciric sistsm.)
«a* raAHCixro.
(Mala Liue. Foot of Market Sine*.)
u*ti — From SirrHBEr. 13. I3C0. — iuiti
•7:00a Betiida, Sui»un, F,insira. TacartZo,
Eumsey and sicramtmro *7:13r
*7:O»a Shatta Express— DutU, WiUiams(for
.- Bartlett Springs;. Wiilowa, Red
•* Bluff. lVrtiaiid .>«7i«P
"7:3«a Martinez. .-*n !:.» n.-n. V*i:eji>. >'*£>*,
l"alistoja and Santa Koaa •6:l3p
*S:OOa D»tU, Woodland. KoigikU Landing.
Murrstilm. UravSt*. *7:I3p
•4>«O* Atlantic K i; t-51- • v>«.. and Eut *12:I^P
Jttstto t Nile*. Tt2C7, l-athrop. Ssocktoa •Ui15a
'»:;nn ,*j»ii Jus-, Li'ermure, Miicittoii,
1'iiie. .-.•*:r*ni"ii:n. I'i.v rriUe.
M»rT«»ille, Cliico. K«l liluif Mil"k|»
'»:»»! OaJidalo, Chinean. Soucra, C'artera... »»:iae
•!»:»•» HaywarUa. Wlha »ml \V»j St»ti<ju». M l:«3»
•U:(M»a Los Angelas XU^resa — Mariner,
Tracy, La:uroi>, mods ton. ileret^l
Freaiiuautl Lc.» A !:,-•-¦ m *7:13p
•0:30* Vail-j.i. Martinez an.l VV*j «ta»loTH 'Sil.tp
•IO:OO» Ttaa UTerUml l.i i-i:e<l— Ci.'leu. l)on-
Ter. (>it:alia. Cl.icii '••4*f
*1I:OOa Kiit-s, Stxifm, MaoramPDtn, Men-
il'.'-j, Fresuo, Ilanfeld, Vitally,
rcrtcrtille »ail3p
•1 I:OOa U»ermnre. Sasger. Goehon Jose-
tlon. li.ker'n ;.i. Loa Angciea
M3:ii»« liaywax.la, 2>>ileaaii<l Way aubotu. *at-f.iF
tl:«»»r Sacramento Kife* !»»«wmrni t."i:Oi»«
•:i:tt»r H^trarJ.1, Rika aud X9*j St»tloD<. *aH9f
•4:U<»r II ir:;w. San lUwWii, Valisjo,
Napa. i:«!Ur, ,!.-,». ItenU Itoaa •»:ll>
'li«»r«-r.iii. Winters. sa«r-mn..;O,
•s^ WtKMilatt.t. Ku'Klita )juidin<. '
M4rxMiilw. Oioiilla 'lOiia*
•4 j8OpNHea.KnnJ.se and Stocktoo "SzlSP
•5:O»pTli<» Owl IJmit*d -Tracy. Fiaoco.
B^kersfleiil. .»»u;<ia fur .- »t.t* U*c-
twra. Uja Aii^sU-a. MO : ni
•»:«Or 3t»cktoa < l):Ui
•»:«»r S«w Oiiracf Eipren-iukeni'mlil.
Santa HarlKfa, f.oi .Anc-les. Deut-
init. El r»u. Now Oriuauis and
1 Eaat *7j*^«
•SiOOp Ha.waxtlK, riilea and 8au Jon •1.«->«
t«:O«r Valiejo *I2:I3p
'•»:OOrOrienul Mall-Oglen, CSiejenne,
Oii:aha. Chicasa *12:13p
*0:OOp Oriautal Mai:— Oj^en. Denver
Omit.a. Chic»«r>. •4sISp
•7:O0» Nllea, Tracy, Lathrop. 8*ocSton •ia:13p
•TjOOk « itt-fc -i. «n.l t'alir.irufa f.i\i-m Ha>
rHuiento, '.i«|.-,i:v. Railing,
I'.irtlaml. I'ugnt Sou.,,J ¦i.il'Kast •«:«•¦»*
{•i«.1p ValUiu. Pof » Costa and V.»» sta.
*»"¦¦» III:**,.
COAST DIVISION l^amm lirni B e).
(Fo..totM..rlc'tStf tf ct.»
Santa Crua Excursfoi) for Santa
Crua and Principal W»y btaiiocs J»:O3p
*¦:•»» Ne<»»r«.t:-i i t-r titi... Mati.Jt.*-. K -.t.->.
Uou!(lerCrcek,»aiilaCtnsanil Vitj
Sutli)ii» ¦•:8l»p
t>«IBp Kevrark, C'enterflilo. San .liio, N»»
Almatleu, Falton. I'.miMer l)rc»k.
Baitta Ctm auil l'riiiclpal Way
Stations •ItiHi
•¦fjl.-Jr Newark, Mau .Io»«, f^sGaton t«ii»»»
alilSpGisnwood. Feltnn. Santa Ora» t»:3«*\
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaiSli FKUC13C0— fjot •' »a(<*t Slri.i (SU> S»—
•7:15 9.00 11:00%. U. J1J3 *2:3 13^3
•i:03 t!:33 TC3r.il.
frca 0UUIJ-F)il t'irniit '. — 'Q. Of) 8.00 10 CO* M.
t!3:S3 ?1:53 I3C3 '3:13 H:C3 •rCOr.u.
COAST l»l VISION |nr«i<t(iaa K i>).
(Thlr<l mid Tov»n«>ti.) St<.)
? »:IO\ Ocean Vie*. Soutli .i.n WnattoeaZ WJitr
t7t««A Han Jo»« a,. I Way .SUli.mn (N«\f
.\!'.i:i.ir-i V.V.I. .-.J»u.,,,lj; *I:3OF
JT:HO» Sunday Ilxcnrsinn t r Han Jose,
Banta Cruz, Pacific Gro?a and
Priadpal Way Stations J«:Mp
•0(00* Han J<*ti. Tna rim.*. KanU Crux,
Paeilie lin.o. I'aao RoMaa, Nan
I.n is OI.Lw., H<irr. Lampoc and
rrinol|<al War IHsllii— «4;H»p
•«i>:l*»« 8aa J«i* ami Wtj stations •«i.tl\
'Hi::»« aaii.1(m?,L<»G»tof*.i<IUa7SUtfi»is *3:^i>r
tU:I3f San Matro. lietivood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Han .loan.
Tres Finos. Hula Una, Salinaa.
Moutereyamt Tactile OroM UO::i«4
t3i3»p8aaJaa«aml War •SUtlom *7:.tt»p
M:l3r San Jose ami Principal Way Hutlom •!>: »¦"> i
fS:OOr3an Jn«e, Los Gatos aud Principal
Way Station* •»O:O« »
•¦isHOr San.loae ami Pnneipal Wtj Statious t «:^"» »
•S:3Or San Joaa and Way Stations ?*:«>«>*
UltJSp 8»n Jo8f»n.l Way Stationn »7»3l>p
A for Moruins. P for Afternoon.
'Daily. t Sunday exempted. J .>u*-d*» an\J.
6 Satur'liy only.
a Saturday and dunday v . . c.Mob4a7 <x£j>
CALIFORNIA NDCTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AHD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tltaxoa Ferry. Foot ot Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
VTEEK DATS— T:30. 1:00. 11:00 a. rn.; 12.JS.
t:30. 6:10. 1:30 p. rn. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 o. m. Saturdays — Extra trios at l:iJ
' and 11:30 o. m.
Br^DATS-«:00. 8:S0, 11:00 a, m.1 l:SOt. S:M.
5: CO. 8:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
TTEEK DAY3— «:10. 7:50. 9:S0. U:10 a. m.: 12:45.
1:4-5. 8:15 p. m. Saturday* — Extra trips at
1:55 and I:S5 d. m.
BUNDATS— 8:10, 9:10. 11:13 a, a.: 1:«. 1:43,
8:03. 6:23 s. in.
Between San Franelseo and Echaetzen Paris
¦ama schedule aa abov.
Leav» J In Effect. I Arrire
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 13. HC«.\ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I We*ic "
Daya. f days, f Destination. | daya. | Lays.
7:33 am S:CO am Novato. 10:40 am! S:40 am
8:20 pn 9:3ft an PiUluma, 8:05 pm|10:I3 am
t:13pm S:00 pm Santa Ro»a. 7:35 pm! t:iO pra
Fulton.
7:S0 am "Wind-tor. 13:3 aaa
Heald3burff.
Lytton.
GevBervllls.
8:S0 pm 8:00 am Claverdale. 7:SS pm 9:10 pat
T»0~aml j Hopland j [l»:2S aia
t:SO pr.> S:CO am! and Ukiab. ] 7:33 pm| 1:23 pra
7:30 am 10:J5 axa
3:00 am GnerneTllle. 7:J3 pm
1:30 pm 8:23 pra
7:S0am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 1:4 J ara
and
6:13 pm 5:00 pm Glgn Ellen. t:S3 pm »riO pta
7:30 ami 1:00 am) 110:40 ara;19:!S am
3:30 pm| S:CO pm: SebastcpcL | 7:33 cm| «:t0 pm
Ftaxes connect at Santa Rosa for MarH West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Pulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyterville fcr Skagss Springs; at Clorerdal*
for the Geyser*; at Hoplaad for Duncan
j Bprlnrs. Highland Sprtnrs. Kelseyvllls. Carls*
tad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
ErrtnEs: »t Ckiah for Vichy Springs, Saratora
Eprlns*. Blue Lakss. Laurel Dell Lake, Witte?
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, List-ley* a, Baoknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights, KullTllla. Orr*« Hot
Bprlnss. Mendocino City. Fort Brayr, ¦West-
port, Usal. WiHlts, LartonTlll*. Cuxamins.
Bell's Sprlnca. Harris, Olaen'a. r?y«r. Sect:*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Uondar rona VatrlD tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all potato
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket officer, «50 Market st.. ChrontcH bids,
B. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
' General Manager. Gen. Pass. Ag-eat.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausaltto Ferry.
Comm«ncins April 22. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAXiiET
AND BAM RAFAEL,
WEEK DAYS-7:C0. »3:3O. J:30, 11:00 a. nxj
12:4S. '1:4s, 3:15. 4:13. »5:15. «:15. «:«) p. m,
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and 6undays. at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »S:00. *9:C0. 10:00. 11:00, H:39
a. m.: li:4S. *l:30. 2:30. *3:43. 5:00. «:00. 7:M
p. ra.
11:00 a, m. does not ran to Saa Rafasl Surv-
daya.
Traina markad (•) run to San Quentin.
FP.OM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. *«:30. 7:S0, 8:40. "10:li a,
m.; 12:30, 1:15. 2:15. •3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. ra. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedaesdayt
and Saturdays at *«:43 and 19:20 n. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. "3:00. *9:'9. »ll:00 a. m,: *12:»»
xn.: 4:00. !:15 *3:3O. 4:30. # 5:45. «:15. 7:3O.W:tO
P. m.
Trains marked (•) start frcm San Q-jentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:33, C:43. 8:00. 8:C5. 13:30 a.
m. : 12:35. 1:4.".. 2:45. 3:30, 4:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays, Wednesdays
an-1 Paturlaya at 7:10 and 10:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:35. 8:06. 10:03. 11:10 a. m.; 12:15,
1-20 2:30 3:43, A:ZZ. S-15. 7:C3. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN3.
7:C0 a. ca. week days— Cazadero and way
tlcns.
3:15 p. ia. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tion*.
8:09 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta«
tlon*.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Rares and way ata»
tlora.
Santa Fe
Trains—Daily
Lea™ Marfc2t-»treet Ferry Depot.
Lv«. San Francl3co. 9:C0 a m;4:15 p mj S:00 p n»
Arr. S-.ocktun 12:30 p rai7:li p m 11:05 p na
' " Merced 2:42 p tu 1:18 n m,
" Fresno *:Zi p ra l:C5 a n»
" ViMlia C:0<} p rn 4:5(> a. n»
" Tulare 6:22 p m 5:10 a nx
•* Hanford ...... 5:3^ p m 7:<W a m
" BaKersfield ... »:*> p ra I:»an»
" Denver 10:00 am -
" Kansas City... 5:11 p m
** Chicago 7:43 am
S a. ra. train ls the Overlacd Kxpress. Cotto*
¦ponding train arrives a: I p. rn. daily.
4:10 p. m. is Stockton LocaL Correspoadlsj
train arrivea 11:C3 a. m. daily.
8:C0 J>. m. is Fresno and Batersfletd Expre^a.
•with eleeplnif Cars fcr both cities. Correspcntl-
lng train arrives at S a. na. daily.
OFFICES— 641. Market st. and ln Ferry Depot,
g.n rnir!^: V.1* ProadwaT. Oakiar.^ -^BEAUTIFUL SILVER TABLET PRESENTED TO CLAUS SPRECKELS
BY THE MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION IN RECOGNITION OF HIS
GIFT OF THE MUSIC STAND TO GOLDEN GATE PARK.
Charles Hoover, second baker on the
transport Grant, was arrested yesterday
by Customs Inspector Richardson for at
tempting to smuggle 165 Manila cigars
The cigars were concealed in Hoover's
clothes.
Arrested for Smuggling.
on Which They Are
"Working.
Two accidents happened yesterday
morning, one to a painter and the other
to a roofer, both of a serious nature.-
Martin Flynn, a painter employed by
Gercke & Weber, was painting a house
at Sacramento and Mason streets, near
the roof. He grasped .hold of a rotten
molding to support himself and the mold
ing gave way, precipitating him to the
ground. He struck on a balcony In his
descent, which broke the effect of his
fall. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where it was found that his left el
bow joint was badly fractured and his
back contused. He was also suffering:
from the shock.
John MIchelson, 164 Boyce street, was
shingling the roof of a house on Cook
Btreet. near Geary. The roof was slippery
and he slid off to the ground. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital and It
was found that he had 'sustained severe
contusions of the back and hips and pos
sible internal Injuries.
They Fall From the Roof of Houses
SERIOUS ACCIDENTS TO
A PAXNTEB AND A ROOFER
Took Too Much Chloral.
Patrick Hurley, who resided at 333 How
ard street, wound up a week's debaucn
last night on a slab at the Morgue. At
6 o'clock in .the evening: he went to a
drug store and asked for something to
brace him up. He was given a mixture of
aromatic spirits of ammonia and chloral,
to be taken in email doses. He went home
and proceeded to take the whole bottle at
one dose. He lived only a short time af
ter being taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal.
The California Northwestern Railway
will run an excursion to ' Uklah Sunday,
September 30. Each ticket insures a seat,
as none will be sold in excess of the num
ber provided.* Fare for round trip J2.&0.
Leave Tiburon ferry 8:30 a. m.: Ukiah 5
p. m. Tickets now on sale at 650 Market
street (Chronicle bldg) and at Tiburon
ferry. •
Printers Hold a Conference.
The executive committee of Typograph
ical Union No. 21 and the employing print
ers held a conference in the rooms of the
former organization at 533 Kearny street
yesterday. After some discussion it was
agreed to Inaugurate the nine-hour-day
system on October 1 at the same scale
of prices which are now in vogue.
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water alwayi
clean and warm. Tub department best In city.*
"In reverent love for this State
And in memory of my citizenship.
This structure I now dedicate
To the people of this great commonwealth,
Where I builded and founded my home.
May peace be enjoyed and happiness felt
When melodies flow from Us dome!"
And solemnly, like a hymn of the Lord,
From the peristyle temple of Greece,
An orchestral strain— a festive chord.
Ascended and swayed through the breeze. .
The multitude carried the symphony J song
Tar out to the strand • and the reef—
And ; the ocean waves in their ceaseless throng
Joined the chorus: "Hail to the Chief."
CHARLES BUNDSCHU.
Among those present last night were the
following: United States Senator George
C. Perkins, Congressman Loutitt. Robert
Oxnard.J. B. Stetson, J. W. Reid. A. B.
Spreckels, A. S. Baldwin. C. S. Benedict,
Charles Bundschu, Foster P, Cole, An
drew M. Davis, F. W. Dohrmann, Joseph
D. Grant. Marshal Hale, Hugo D. Keil,
A. J. McNicoll, Edward H. Mitchell, "W.
P. Redington, Hugo Rothschild, Frank J.
Symmes, Percy Beamish, "Wallace Brad
ford. F. A. Brand; Joseph Britton. J. W.
Carmany, G. D. Cooper, "W. G. Doane. M.
Fredericks, J. Richard Freud, D. V.
Kelly, Herbert E. Law, Kenneth Melrose,
Henry Michaels, P. F.'s Nolan.' John E.
Quinn, I. L.. Rosenthal, \V. R. Sherwood,
Joseph Simonson, Vanderlynn Stow, Frank
A. Swain, Joseph Terry, Arthur G.
Towne. Frank^A. .Vail and Rolla V. Watt.
line Ford.
The work of securing a jury to try the
Letour will contest was begun before
Judpe Troutt yesterday. Felix Latour,
whose will Is now under fire, died several
months ago at a Lake County ranch, the
property of Caroline Ford. After his death
Caroline Ford presented the bankbooks
and vouchers of the deceased, which had
been transferred to her, and offered a will
for probate, in which she was named as
sole devisee to an estate valued at $20,000.
Narcisse and Joseph Latour, brothers,
and Malvina Latour. a sister of the de
ceased, filed one contest to the will, and
Catherine Latour, decedent's widow, filed
another. All of the contestants charge
Caroline Ford with undue Influence. They
Bay that the deceased was stricken with
apoplexy while working in her field.
Though unable to speak or move, his mind
remained sufficiently clear to dictate the
will, which the contestants allege the
devisee coerced the deceased Into exe
cuting. Caroline Ford, they say, telephoned
to Bartlett Springs for a doctor and a
lawyer at the fame time, and later, while
Latour was still living, telephoned for an
undertaker.
The taking of testimony will probably
begin this afternoon.
Heirs of th« Deceased Allege He Was
Unduly Influenced by Caro-
LATOUB, WILL CONTEST
CALLED FOB, HEABING
Another lot of travelers' samples and
od'J corsets, all colors and sizes, value
from 75c to $4 50, -will be sold for half
price and less. Also 100 dozen 75c "Coutil"
corsets— flve-hook. spoon steel. . silk
flossed— at 25c per pair. Chester F.
Wright. 6 Geary street, corner Kearny. •
Special Corset Sale.
MRS. GARRET McElTERNEY
ANSWERS DREAD SUMMONS
Wife of the Well-Known Attorney
Suddenly Succumbs to a
Brief Illness.
Mrs. Elizabeth McEnerney, the wife of
Garret W. McEnerney, died suddenly yes
terday afternoon at her residence, 415
Shrader street. Mrs. McEnerney's death
was entirely unexpected, as she had been
sick for a short time only. Her untimely
taking off has caused genuine sorrow
among- a large circle of friends and rela
tions.
Mrs. McEnerney was the daughter of
John Hogan, a Napa pioneer. She was
born in Lake County and her marriage
four years ago to Garret McEnerney, the
distinguished lawyer, attracted consider
able attention. The dead woman was a
sister of Henry Hogan of Albany, X. Y..
John S. Hogan of this city, Mrs. John B.
Hopklrs of Honolulu and Mr3 Henry Bel
loe of London. She was a member of the
Century Clul- and active in several church
societies. She was given to charitable
deeds and was accomplished in many
ways.
The funeral will take place from her
late residence, 415 Shrader street, at 9:43
to-morrow morning. From there it will
proceed to St. Ignatius Church, where a
solemn high requiem mass will be cele
brated for the repose of the soul of the
deceased at 10:30. The interment will be
in Calvary Cemetery.
Fred Puffer Electrocuted While Fix
ing a Card on a Switch
. board.
Fred Puffer, a wireman in the employ
ment of the Independent Electric Light
Company at the station on Hyde street,
between McAllister street and Golden
Gate avenue, was killed by an electric
shock yesterday afternoon.
Puffer and A. E. Cumbers, who Is in
charge of the station, were to place a
card on the switchboard, and Cumbers
warned Puffer not to go up the ladder to
fix the card without him. Cumbers went
In search of his tools and Puffer climbed
up the ladder. He had fixed the card, but
In doing so he touched a live wire with
his right hand. He fell forward with tht
shock and Cumbers had to pull him away.
The ambulance was summoned and Puf
fer was driven to the Receiving Hospital.
He expired on the operating table. The
right hand and the lower part of the arm
were badly burned. The Morgue was noti
fied but the body was taken to an under
taker's establishment. Puffer was about
20 years of age and came from Minnesota,
where his parents reside, about a year
ago. He was engaged to be married to a
young lady who lived near his boarding
house, at Turk and Flllmore streets. He
was a member of the Woodmen of the
World and that order will look after the
funeral arrangements.
WTJ&EMAN KILLED BY
AN ELECTRIC SHOCK
In Golden Gate Park, midst flowers and trees,
"Where bountiful nature Is peer.
In a temple remindful of ancient Greece
Stood a kind-hearted, proud pioneer.
His words new 'firmly from heart and lip:
/With the presentation of the beautiful
token the formal ceremonies closed and
the guests were ushered into, the dining
room. There for hours revelry, good-fel
lowship, toasts and merriment ruled. The
first toast was spoken by Charles
Bundschu and was dedicated to Claus
Spreckels. It was as follows: ;
The waves rolled Into the Golden Gate
On the ninth day of September,
Each pushing on with Its dashing; mate.
And murmuring: "Yea, we remember!"
Their white-winged crowns spread over the
' beach.
Rushed forward and broke through th« surf,
Their potent arms with an eater reach
.Stretched out to the eand lined turf.
.The ocean's surging, restless expanse
; Sent Its miehtlest waves to the coast.
They whirled and sprayed a jubilee danco,
And their spokesman offered a toast.
He' reared his head throueh the bluish mist,
UDliftlnsr a -wonderful shell.
He held it aloft in his powerful fist
And • wavellke now roee and then fell.
Near the cliff whore the seals in sunshine bask.
The shell like a bowl In his hand.
He" raised his brow and fulfilled his task,
, And spoke with his face to the land:
"All hail and all bliss to this wonderful shore
'That hinders and checks our . pace,
Agrreetlne to them that In days of yore
Have struggled and not lost their race!
A greeting to them that firmly and bold
Linked ' their fate with "the setting sun.
A greeting to them that 'to have and to hold*
Have battled and labored and won!
The years rolled by, half a century passed} v
Success came through struggles and throes.
From dunes and sand drifts in glory at last
, The Queen of Pacific arose.
To the men that stood in the foremost line,
That conquered the far western coast,
I raise this chalice • with seafoam wine,
I pledce them a Jubilee toast!" •".--".;
Ha flrank and sank to the depths below
And a roaring shout a?nd a : cheer
Broke forth from the waves, lined up In a row:
"California, all hail, we are near!
California, thy future lies here!".
On the 9th day of September, in the year
of nineteen hundred. In commemoration oi
the fiftieth anniversary — the golden jubilee
—of the Statehood of California.
The board of directors, on behalf of the
Merchants' Association, resolved, that
heartfelt appreciation and gratitude be
hereby tendered to our fellow member,
Claus Spreckels, for this notable evidence
of civic patriotism and philanthropy.
MERCHANTS" ASSOCIATION.
F. W. DOHRMANN, President.
J. RICH'D FREUD, Secretary.
CLAUS SPRECKELS,
Organized for civic improvement and
adornment, greets with profound gratifi
cation the erection of the magnificent
temple of music in Golden Gate Park and
its presentation to "the people of Califor
nia" by
SAN FRANCISCO.
rest from toil. You have added a new
feature to our city and you are entitled
not alone to our gratitude, but to that
of generations unborn. Accept this sliver
tablet as the token of the gratitude of
the people."
When Mr. Grant had finished Claus
Spreckels stepped forward to respond, but
he could not. He was overcome with
emotion and only with difficulty said:
"Gentlemen, I thank you. I thank you
deeply for what you have done and all I
can say is that you honor me by being
In my home."
The tablet was then presented to him.
This silver tablet Is a remarkably fine ex
ample of workmanship in silver. It is
composed of a solid silver slab, twelve by
seventeen inches, set upon a background
of solid ebony and Inclosed in a morocco
leather, silk-lined case. The detail of de
sign and engraving Is most beautiful, but
the work which is of special Interest is the
entirely new and original effect accom
plished by the application of photography
to the silversmith's art. The portrait of
Mr. Spreckels and the view of the music
pavilion are photographed and etched di
rectly upon th« surface of the silver tab
let, the result being as absolutely true
and correct as when done by the ordinary
method upon paper, and as Indestructible
as the metal itself. These original char
acteristics of the beautiful tablet give to
it more than ordinary importance and aid
in the completion of this graceful tribute.
Upon the tablet Is the following Inscrip
tion, the quoted words being those which
were spoken by Claus Spreckels when the
music pavilion was presented:^
"I have never wished for any other
home nor longed for anything on earth
that California could not give.
"Loving California as I do and being
grateful for the many benefits that have
accrued to me, I desire to transfer this
monumental structure as a memorial ot
my citizenship to the people of Califor
nia."
THE MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION OF
A SCENE without precedent in the
history of San Francisco was en
acted last night at the Van Ness
avenue home of Claus Spreckels
when the officers, directors and
ex-directors of the Merchants' Associa
tion, in company with other men of prom- I
inence, assembled to welcome Claus
Spreckels home and to pay a tribute to
him whom they chose to call the foremost
citizen of San Francisco. Never before
In the history of the city has such a
tribute been paid to a private citizen. The
words of welcome were generous. The
token, which accompanied them and
which Claus Spreckels was asked to pre
serve as a mark of appreciation for his
civic patriotism and generosity, was a
magnificent silver tablet commemorating
his gift of the music stand to Golden
Gate Park.
The spokesmen of the donors said that
they considered It their duty to give this
testimonial to Claus Spreckela. As a
Merchants' Association, they were organ
ized, they said, for civic improvement and
adornment, and they felt bound to recog
nize in some suitable manner the gift of
the splendid music stand in Golden Gate
Park. It was this purpose which inspired
them and gave justification to their ap
pearance last night at the Spreckels
home.
The officers, directors and former direc
tors of the Merchants' Association as
sembled at 8 o'clock at the home of the
president, F. W. Dohrmann. From there
they went In a body to the home of Claus
Spreckels. The presentation was made in
the brilliantly lighted reception hall to
which the master of the house was called
to hear the praises In his honor and to
receive the token of good will which had
been prepared.
F. W. Dohrmann was the first to speak.
Addressing Claus Spreckela, he said:
"When a party of gentlemen enter a
man's home they must tell why. Our
mission here is that of simple, practical
business men Inspired to come here to you
and to express our sentiments and those
of our organization for what you, in civic
patriotism, have done for San Francisco.
As a Merchants" Association we have
tried to keep alive those purposes which
contribute to the improvement and beauty
of our city. We have thought of our
parks, our neighbors' houses, our streets
and our city as of our own home.
"We have done what we could to beau
tify r.nd improve them, and perhaps we
have bullded better than we knew. And
in our efforts we have known and have
seen your civic pride and patriotism. To
night, therefore, as simple, plain, business
men. In Jtehalf of 1200 of our members and
in the name of our civic pride we greet
you as the foremost citizen of San Fran
cisco. W T e ask to pay our tribute, to wel
come you home and to accept from you
your be6t, most glorious gift to San
Francisco.
Mr. Dohrmann then called tupon Frank
J. Symmes to deliver the formal address
of welcome.
"It Is my personal pride," said Mr.
Symrae?, "to welcome you home. I am
not given to fulsome flattery nor to fool
ish praise and If I were I know you, Mr.
Spreckels, too well not to know that you
would accept neither. The "Merchants'
Association represents good government
and good citizenship and we recognize in
you one of the foremost of our citizens.
It is our duty, therefore, to tell you that
we appreciate what you have done for
your adopted city. That you have given
comfort, livelihood, employment to thou
sands of men we know. That your enter
prise has helped to build up and beautify
our city Is our boast. And when we ex
press our appreciation of what you have
done we tell what is in our hearts.
"We know also that . those who have
been public spirited In San Francisco have
not received recognition for what they
have done and we seek, therefore, in wel
coming you homo to' pay you our tribute.
To do so is a delight to. us' and in behalf
of those I represent and for myself I pray
that your days may be long in the land
and that your years may be crowned with
happiness."
President . Dohrmann then called . upon
Joseph D. Grant to speak a few words in
presenting the tablet.
"It Is a great pleasure to me," said Mr.
Grant, "to present to you this silver
tablet as a token of our appreciation for
your splendid gift to the people, not
alone of San Francisco, but to the people
of the State. You have set a glorious ex
ample to men of public spirit. You have
taught visitors to us that they must look
to our art, to our public beauties, not our
Chinatown, as objects of Interest.
"The arts In every land follow the
march of commerce and no man in our
country has done more for the supremacy
of commerce than yourself. Your gift to
the Golden Gate Park combines the beau
ties of art, music and the varied charms
of landscape. It is a tribute to your taste,
your public spirit and your generosity.
Allow me then again to thank you and
In those thanks I speak the thought of
thousands who make Golden Gate Park
their scene of recreation, pleasure and
Colonel Jackson married in Cincinnati,
in ISC", a Ivliss Ann Hooper of Kentucky,
and nine children were the result of the
alliance. Of these the following named
survive him: Charles H. Jackson, an at
torney at law in the Parrott building; An
drew Ja.ekson, manager of the Napa Soda
Springs; Mrs. A. li. Small; John P. Jack
son Jr., who is in the insurance business;
G. H. T. Jackson, local manager of the
Kapa soda business; Miss L.ucy Jackson,
Percy II. Jackson, now in Europe, and
Raymond C. Jackson. Xo date has yet
been set for the funeral, as Andrew Jack
eon is on a hunting trip in Trinity Coun
ty, and an effort is being made to com
mur.ica.te with him.
He was born in Cleveland, Ohio, in
March. 1&33, and went through the com
mon schools of that city, after which he
went to Cincinnati, where he studied law
with Hon. Bellamy Storer. When ha
viri.t into active practice it was as an as-
Boclate of Benjamin Harrison, Governor
Hoadley and other big men of the time,
ana his ia.w business soon brought him
much wealth. In lbC2 he fought in the
Army of the Cumberland and later was
on detached service under General Grant.
In isC he went to Europe, where he float
ed th* bonds of the California Pacific
Railway, and later the building of that
road brought him to California. After It
had been sold to th.' Central Pacific Rail
road he built the Stockton and Copper
oiiohs Railroad upon his own resources
and then constructed the Stockton and
Vjsai.a branch. These roads, too, were
bjugm by the Central Pacific.
Jackson's political life began when he
Btuxnped the East for Abraham Lincoln
in company with Grant's father. General
Saexnuui. Bcboyler Coiiajc and other noia-
Lie fcpe-akers of that day. In 1&64 he re
ceived the unanimous nomination of the
Republicans for Governor of Kentucky,
in use iate seventies Colonel Jackson pur
chased the- Evening Post in this city and
for s:x \eais gave it his personal atten
tion and put it on a paying basis. |vt the
taint time he was spending thousands of
doiiars in the development of his prop
erty in Xapa County. When Harrison
went into the White House he appointed
Colonel Jackson as Sub-Treasurer in this
city, and President JMcKinley later ac
knowledged his party services by asking
him to accept the honorable position he
held at the time of his death.
Colonel Jackson was one of the best
known public men in the country and his
ability as an orator and profundity as a
thinker brought him in demand time and
again to lead in the eloquence of Repub
lican campaigns. He was at one time law
associate of ex-President Benjamin Har
rison and a friend of General Grant, who
wanted to name him as one of the mem
bers of his Cabinet when he was elected
to the Presidency. He has been lawyer,
statesman, politician in the truest sense,
& promoter and builder of railways, and
has aJso given much of his time to the
development of the natural resources-»of
the West. His Napa Soda Springs in
>.apa County yielded him a fortune in a
very few years. It has been said of him
that he made a success of everything he
undertook.
Culonel Jackson's death was not unex
pected and all of the members of his large
family but two were at his bedside when
the end came. He had been in falling
health for some years past, but was al
ways of a cheerful disposition and re
mained hard at work at the multitudinous
duties which were his almost to the week
of his death. It was not until a week
iigo that he would admit his condition to
be serious. Those who knew him and
worked with him in the Federal offices
realized his illness and repeatedly urged
him to give up his work and rest. He
ilnally acceded to their demands by going
to his country place at Kapa Soda Springs,
but while there worked night and morn
ing upon the speeches which he proposed
delivering during the present campaign,
in which he was deeply interested. Re
turning to this city, he was compelled to
take to his bed, and his family physician,
Dr. Max Rothschild, was in almost con
stant attendance upon him after that
time.
Colonel John P. Jackson, Collector of
the Port of San Francisco, died at 5:30
o'clock last evening at Mount Zion Hos
pital, where earlier In the day he had
suffered a surgical operation In the last
hope of savins his life from the compli
cation of maladies that threatened him.
¦Was a Man of Splendid Attainments
and Stood High in Coun
cils of Republican
Party.
Succumbs to a Complication
of Maladies That Long
Threatened Him.
JOHN P, JACKSON
JIES AT MOUNT
ZION HOSPITAL
There is another side to the topic of
tea In which the local wholesalers are
concerned. The Tientsin caravan route
from the Tientsin district to Russia has
been closed by reason of the outbreak of
the Bcxers. No longer are the trains of
patient camels carrying the fragrant herb
to the subjects of the Czar. For centuries
the Tientsin route has been the one pur
sued ty the tea caravans. Transporta
tion by sea has been too roundabout for
the Russians. Now their supplies are cut
off. They are a great tea-drinking people.
"Polly put the kettle on and we'll all have
tea" is sung by countless Russian fire
sides In the Russian language. The people
will have tea. Perhaps they will have
supplies fqrwarded from the United
States and Great Britain, which have been
able to get Chinese teas freely. That is
the side of the story that appeals to com
mercial people. But "Aunt Sarah" is
short 4,400,000 pounds of Japan teas this
year.
"There is," continued Mr. Platt, pursu
ing the subject, "a great shortage in the
Japan tea crops. The first crop showed a
shortage owing to drought of 30,000 piculs,
and a picul is 133 1-3 pounds. The second
and third crops were also largely cut off
by lack of rain and there Is now an esti
mated total shortage in the supply of Ja
pan tea for the year 1900 of not leas than
33,000 piculs. The prices for Japan teas
have advanced very largely, running from
3 cents to 5 cents per pound, or from 10 per
cent to 25 per cent. There are Congous
and other Chinese teas, of course, but the
taste for Japan teas has largely possessed
the people. It is difficult to alter one's
palate."
"Aunt Sarah's teapot." said Charles
B. Platt, reflectively, "may not be filled
to her entire satisfaction In the near
future." By. the name of "Aunt Sarah"
Mr. Platt typified all nice old ladies who
drink tea and have cultivated a fine and
discriminating taste in that line. Mr.
Platt knows all about tea in his two
capacities of United States tea expert and
vice president of J. A. Folger & Co.
Therefore, he is able to estimate the ex
tent of the calamity that may befall the
ardent followers of various fragrant
brands.
Deficit Xs Huge and Prices Save
Gone Up Largely— Chinese
Caravan Route Is "
Closed.
Merchants Tell of Shortage
in the Crop of the
Mikado's Land.
TEAPOTS WILL
EMIT ODORS NOT
OF SUNNY JAPAN
At this morning's meeting of the Board
of Education the principal business trans
acted will be the appointment of Dr. Mag
nus and the assignment of four additional
teachers from, the substitute list to classes
to be formed in the Everett, South End,
Halght Primary and Buena Vista schools.
The latter will be selected In the order of
their original appointment except where
adverse reports have been filed by princi
pals, says Chairman Mark.
Chairman Mark takes issue with the
Board of Examination, which holds that
certificates may be granted only upon its
recommendation. Mark quotes chapter 3
of article VII of the charter relating to
the duties of the School Board in support
of his contention. It says that it has
power to grant, to renew and for the
causes mentioned in section 1 subdivision
2 of this chapter to revoke teachers' cer
tificates. Again section 1 says the board
shall have power to employ such teachers
and persons as may be necessary to carry
into effect its power and duties. Nothing
in this section, however, shall be con
strued as preventing the board from re
moving teachers holding only special cer
tificates.
Secretary Kingsbury stated that while
Dr. Magnus does not need a certificate in
his capacity of physical director, the as
sistants under his charge will certainly
be compelled to furnish proper credentials
or take an examination on the subject
which they will teach. He says that the
Board of Examination took the view that
as Dr. Magnus would not assume direct
charge of a class his appointment is leg
al, even though he does not possess a cer
tificate.
At a meeting of the examiners yester
day Superintendent "Webster and Depu
ties Kingsbury, Jordan and Howard came
to the conclusion that a special certificate
•would not be required in the case of Dr.
Magnus, because in his capacity of direc
tor he will not teach a class in the strict
sense of the phrase, but will supervise
the teaching of the branch by special or
regular teachers as may be determined by
the School Board.
The City Board of Examination has re
considered Us determination announced In
these columns yesterday to oppose the
appointment by the Board of Education
of Dr. Max Magnus to be director of phys
ical culture In the School Department be
cause he does not possess properly accred
ited credentials.
Chairman Mark 3>eclares tlie School
Board Has Sole Powers-Four
Additional Classes Will
Be Established.
Examination Board Decides
Not to Oppose His
Appointment.
DR. MAX MAGNUS
WILL NOT NEED
A CERTIFICATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,' SEPTEMBER 26, 1900.
Merchants' Association Presents Him
With a Silver Tablet.
WELCOME AND A TOKEN
FOR CLAUS SPRECKELS
12
ADVERTISEIXLEUTS.
On to-morrow and following daus we will
exhibit an elegant assortment of New Black
Dress Fabrics for Fall wear, The assortment
will include Venetian Cashmeres, Wool Pod-
lins, Panne Cloths, Satin Solell, WhiD Cords,
Camel J s Hair, Zibeline, Amazon Cloths, Cork-
screws, Armures and Venetian Cloths.
We invite our Datrons to insuect the aiOYB
goods at their earliest ODDortunltu,
TWO SPECIALS.
One case Black Granite Cloth, 50 Inches
wide, shrunk and sponged 81.25 yard
One case 50-inch Black English Cheviot
for Tailor Suiting, shrunk and Sponged
SU25 yard
NOTE— Samples of above goods sent free
to anu address.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
F@s* Ssssk
Fsrst—ifse medicine that
holds the record fcr the
largest sizssKber of abso-
lute Qt^ros Gf female ills
is LydZa £, Pinkham's
Vegetable Garzr/ioundm
Second— fWrsm Finkham
can show by her letter
files in Lynn that a mil-
lion viamcn have been
restored to hes+ifr by her
iTiedioine and advice*
Third- AU letters to Mrs*
Pinkham are received,
opened, resd and an*
swcj>c!$ by women only m
This f&ot is certified to by
the nzaycr and postmas-
ter of Lynn and others of
terse Pmhhztm's, own citym
fMte for free book con-
fesnmgiizGse certificatesm
Every ailing woman is
invited to write to ft/lrsm
Pfnfdsasn and get her ad-
vice frsc of char gem
Lydl.. 3. Plntr-'ita 5Ie-d. Cr>. Lysa. Mass.
Weekly Call. SI per Year
HOTTED STATES BBA2TCH.
STATEMENT
— OB* THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OT THB—
NORTH GERMAN
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBimO. OERMANT. ON THB tlST
day of December, A. D. 1S33, and tor th*
year ending on that day, as m*d* to th*
Insurance Commissioner of th» Stata ot Cal-
ifornia, pursuant to th* provisions ot S«ctlon»
610 and 611 of ths Political Coda, condensed
«a per blank furnished, by tbs Commluloasr.
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortr&«es>......» $71,500 M
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 413,113 SO
Cash In Company's Office (.MO 23
Cash In Banks 13.500 44
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1,437 03
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1.279 jg
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 143,733 0i
Rents due and accrued. Certificate of
Deposit held by United States Trus-
tees 84,433 00
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 12.S25 U
Total Assets J7M.S23 tt
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses adjusted and unpaid 123.340 31
Losses In process ot Adjustment or la
Suspense 1 2S.SW XI
Losses resisted. Including expenses.... 4.000 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. (464.505 S3;
reinsurance 60 per cent 23J.S3 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning- more than one year, $271,368 05;
reinsurance pro rata 154.43143
Commissions and Brokerage duo and
to become due 14.178X7
Total Liabilities .$475,953 6S
INCOME.
Net cash actually received tor Fir*
premiums ISO4.09S 41
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4,170 03
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 17.T01 M
Received from all other sources 131 Si
Total Income }O,tSl U
KXPEXDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $23,947 44. losses of previous
years) 1353.63 19
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 178.233 3>
Paid for Salaries. Fees and ether
charges for offlcers. clerks, etc 13,233 si
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 13,933 03
All other payments and expenditures.. 14.03S 0i
Total Expenditures J584.054 «8
Yin.
LOSSES Incurred during the year — $373.471 71
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $67,074,579 $358.413 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 6«,J2S,m 623.9C8 J3
Net amount In force
December 31. 1899.. 57.878.023 738.373 44
ADOLPH LOEB. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 30lh
day of January. 1900. MARK A. FOOTE.
Notary Public,
t? WALTER SPEYER.
General Agent for
the Pacific Coast.
225 Sansome St., San Francisco.
DR.MCNULTY.
rimiS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
X Specialist otrca Blood Poison, Uonorrho>a.aieet.
Strtcturi", sv;iilnal Weakness. Impotence and thetr
allied Disorders. linos on Diseases of Men, free;.
OvprSOyearsVxjHT'pnre.Tprms reasonable, flour*,
Dto.idallyiB.-aOto.iroev'jr*. Sunday*. 10 to 12. Ginsul- •
Uitlonfreeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROHCOB JleXULTY, M.D.
2C>J Kearny St., San FmnrUeo. C-l.
Weekly Call.Sl.00 per Year
CASH OR CREDIT.
BIG REDUCTIONS IN
Furniture and Carpets.
CALL AND INSPECT OUR PRICES.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Op*n Evenings. Near Powell.
(JreatAmericaDliiiiiortlniTeaCo!
3«^s premiums T^^ a
many GJVCn ll V>L
WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to Buy
Come Just to See
GreatAiiiraiiil!ii!!0' i tiii[TeaGo.
M0 Grant ave., bet. Sutter and Post.
8fil Market St.. opp. Powell St.
E2 Market St.. June. California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
P4INLES5 OENTiSTRM €^9\
jSjk No Plates Required. ApGj
f|TJR nEMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK IS
Our method for painless extracting Is patent-
Coalt U D0 ° ther dentlst on. the Taclflc
FKICE tlST FOR 3O DAYS!
Painless Extraction 2 "I«.
Removable Bridge work K"! nn
Amalgam .........V *n£,'
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend Vo 'the' chil-
dren's teeth— painlessly.
815% GEARY STREET, between Hyde and
Larkln. Telephone Polk 1135.
RRTTSHFS FOU barbers, bar.
UllUOrkLtO^- bootblacks, bath-
. nouses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
»yer». flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHA>AN BROS..'
Brush Manufacturers. 60S Sacramento s»