VOLUME LXXXVm-xo. 95.
TIENTSIN, Aug. 20 (via Taku. Aug. 30).
—The Germans have formally demanded
for themselves all the buildings and
grounds of the camp of the United States
trooDa. exDlalnine that these will be need-
Copyright, 1900, by Associated Press.
AMERICAN TROOPS _
PREPARING FOR WINTER
view to opposing any attempt at German
expansion.
ed by the large German forces soon to
arrive. As the American camp lies In
the German concession, the demand will
proCably be compiled -with and a. new
camp for the I'nited States troops will
be e?Fiblished cutslde the city.
Or^rs receivcl from Washington direct
that the ? iV *» American troopa b* divided
between Peking. Tlt-ntsln and Taku for
the winter. Abundant supplies are now
arriving and all that Is necessary Is be
lis.tr rapidly forwarded to Pektr.«r.
It Is "understood here that United States
Minister Conger insists that U Hung
Chanfr shall be allowed to proceed to Pe
kinar far a conferanc*. „
Continued on Third Page.. .
FIENDISH BRUTALITY
OF RUSSIAN TROOPS
T\KT Aur -0 -1a Shanghai. Sept. 3.
-The Chinese In the Peiho Valley
are p^tofi otxr y for the folly of
thr-ir Oovcmmcnl From the be-
Clnnlrg tbe conduct of the Russitr.?
hai Ixcn a blot on the campaign. Tne
rtxltal of notorious facts speaks mere
forcibly than could any adjective*. When
entering Pokir.g correspondents of the
. 4.5!=ociatf-d Press saw Cossacks smash
cotrn Chinese women with the butts of
ihclr gur.s and pound th^ir heads until
they were <!ca<;. The Cossacks would
;:ck -up children barely old enough to
vwx, hold thorn by the ankles and beat
cut their brains on the pavement. Rus-
tiaa offlcers looked on without protest.
While General ChaSfee was watering his
>v Be al a stream under the v.all of Tung-
'A. w the Kus£ianf found a tMbte oM man
Islhien in the mud. except his nose, and
drafted h;m out by the qsesej «houting
gleefully. They Impalrd Mm en their
bayonets. General Chaffee remarked:
"That s not war. it is brutal murder.-
American offlcers at Taku. days after
the Cghtirff was finished, saw Russians
j bayonet children and throw old men Into
the river, clubbing them to death when
they tried to sw!m The Russians killed
j women who knelt before them and begged
for mercy.
! - Everybody was disposed to be friendly
j toward the Etuscfac* in the early days of
I the fighting at Tientsin because of their
bravery*, but such incidents as the fore
going have been so prominent a feature
of the campaign that no or.e who is sup
posed to report important facts can ignore
them. They are so numerous as to com
pel the conclusion that they are not iso
jated episodes, but the ordinary practices
of Russian methods of warfare.
The Russians on the walls of Peking
would apparently shoot every Chiense
within range outside. A correspondent of
the Associated Press found many newly
killed in the fields outside of the Russian
section of the wall. Some of the bodies
were those of women, and none seemed
to be the bodies of combatants. Coolies
were,killed while trotting along the roads
with their loads, and farmers when try
ins to gather in their grain. ,.. ,
"The relief of Peking Is merely an inci
dent of the crisis. The really important
work remains to be done. Marquis Ito,
probably the best Informed man alive on
Eastern politics, said. to me that the pres
ent was the greatest crisis In the history
"There has been a deliberately planned
movement on the part of the Chinese
Government to expel all foreigners. The
decrees printed In the Imperial Gazette
prove this. The movement has been prac
tically successful, since every foreigner in
the interior has been obliged to seek
refuge in the treaty ports. The Imperial
Government merely utilized the Boxers as
convenient accessories to its schemes.
Proved by Imperial Decree.
"If the Chinese Government is able to
break the concert of nations and to bring
about a disagreement on the part of any
Government in such a way as to secure
any relaxation of the joint demands, all
the foreigners in China may as well pack
up and leave. This is the best opportunity
to settle for all time the status of for
eigners in China. If that matter Is not
settled now the Chinese will be encouraged
to persist In their present policy, and the
powers will have the whole trouble to
thrash over again every two or three
years. I believe that all the governments
are impressed with this truth, and I be
lieve that most of them realize that a
definite and permanent settlement of the
status of foreigners and the establishment
of freedom of trade are more important
to them now than the acquisition of terri
tory. . . _
SHANGHAI. Sept. 2.— William Wood
ville Rockhill, special commissioner
of the United States Government to
investigate and report on conditions
in China, in an interview with a rep
resentative of the Associated Press, em
phasizing the Importance of the harmo
nious action of the powers as a measure ci
self-defense, said:
Copyright, 1300, by Associated Press,
SHANGHAI, Sept. 3.— Two French
priests have reached Kiaochau from the
far interior, escorted the "'whole way by
Chinese soldiers furnished by Yuanshl-
Kal, Governor, of Shantung. They, assert
that Yuanshi-Kai haa 20,000 troops beyond
J-Zlaocbau, disposed apparently, with a
TO OPPOSE GEBMAN EXPANSION.
LI Hung Chans visited the French Con
sul this morning and had a long inter
view with him. The subject matter of
the conference : has not been divulged.
Li Hung Chang still remains in Shang
hai. He is thoroughly discredited, but
Is intriguing to get the foreigners to quar
rel among themselves. To-day he told the
American and English diplomats that the
Russians had promised to withdraw from
Peking regardless of the policy of other
nations. His statement is not believed.
On tho contrary, it Is Is thought probable
that he is simultaneously assuring the
Russians that the Americans and British
have promised to withdraw.
Li Hung Chang's Tricks.
There is a financial panic in Chinese
business circles here. Probably an im
portant factor Is tlic money rate, which
la now 3t» per cent per month. The traders
are trying to get the ear of the officials.
Mr. Iloekhlll j>r.d other officers In Shang
hai, like the pub'.ic, are utterly ignorant
of the course of diplomatic r.nd military
events in Peking. The Consuls Of the
various governments have tent frequent
tel?srnims to their respective Ministers,
but have been Unable to get replies. It
is. suspected that the messages are tam
pered with between Shanghai and Chefu.
The attitude ol the southern viceroys in
protecting foreigners commands confi
dence In their good faith, and negotiations
will probably be conducted through them.
of China and that all preceding Eastern
questions sunk into insignificance beside
it. Are civilized nations to yield to the
Chinese conceit of their own superiority?"
LOXDOX. Sept. 3, 4 a. m. — The piiolication of the text of
the Russian proposals has intensified rather than dimin
ished the suspicions entertained by England of Russia's
proceedings. The rupture of the European concert is consid
ered an accomplished fact. Opinions differ, however, as to the
way in which the powers will now group themselves. Some
papers think that Great Britain, Japan and the triple alliance
will stand together in refusing to leave Peking.
The Daily Telegraph, which expresses regret that Presi
dent McKinley "has committed the United States to follow the
Russians." considers, however, that Japan, whose consistent pol
icy since the war of 1894 has been to conciliate the effect of a
rapprochement with China, ''will throw her lot in with Russia
and will be reluctantly followed by France, who does not dare to
risk a divergence w-ith Russia.
"Events have therefore conspired," says the Daily Tele
graph," to throw the balance of diplomatic power into Lord
Salisbury's, hands, for Italy and- Austria must side with Ger
many, which will probably propose some compromise and be
supported by England."
It Is Asserted That Great Britain,
Japan and the Triple Alli
ance Will Stand Together
qnd Refuse to Leave Peking.
RUPTURE OF EUROPEAN
CONCERT ACCOMPLISHED
Commissioner Rockhill Says the
Chinese Government Utilized
the Boxers in the Movement
to Expel Foreigners.
SELF-DEFENSE DEMANDS
HARMONY OF THE POWERS
CAPTAIN McCALLA, "WITH HIS AMERICAN MARINES. WHO HAD SERVED AS REAR GUARD DURING THE RETREAT FROM LANGFONG. WERE
ON DUTY IN ANOTHER QUARTER AT THE TIME OF THE SKETCH AND SO THE STARS AND STRIPE3 ARE NOT SHOWN IN THE PICTURE.
Trom a sketch made on the spot by a British Officer for the Daily Graphic.
RELIEF IN SIGHT— ADMIRAL SEYMOUR'S FORCE SURROUNDED BY BOXERS AND IMPERIAL TROOPS IN THE ARSENAL NEAR
TIENTSIN. SEE THE APPROACHING RELIEF COLUMN.
Several of the Unfortunate Pas
sengers Perish Almost In
stantly — Scenes of Horror
Amid Debris of the Disaster.
Thirteen Persons Killed and
More Than Thirty Injured
in Crowded Excursion Cars
"Wrecked in a Collision.
HARVEST OF DEATH ON
THE READING RAILROAD
¦9.-PT" sent to the near-by villages for phy- !
sicians and a relief train was telegraphed
lor from Bethlehem. With fifteen doc- j
tors and half a dozen nurses a special j
train was r-ent from Uethlehem, hut be- ;
fore It reached the scree of the wreck it '
was signaled to return to Bethlehem, as
a special carrying nearly all the injured i
had started for that place. On the run
from Hatfieid to the hospital three of the
Injured died. Great trouble was experi
enced in keeping the relatives away from !
the Injured on the train so that the doc- :
tors gathered from near Hatfield could
attend to the wounded.
Second Section Escaped.
The special train arrived at Bethlehem at
i 11:30 and was met by fully live thousand
J person?, all clamoring to get a bit of
; news from the wreck or trying to learn
whether loved ones were among the vic
tims. The news of the wreck had reached
Bethlehem at 8 o # clock and spread like
I wildfire. All the policemen in town were
j gathered at the station, and it was with
i great difficulty that the injured were re
i moved to the waiting ambulances and
j other vehicles which conveyed them to
! the hospitals. All during the day people
I from AUentown, Catasaqua and other
; places came pouring into Hethlchem, and
i confusion reigned throughout the city.
I The second section of the excursion,
i made up of persona from towns other
than Bethlehem and AUentown, left soon
¦ after the first section, but was flagged
; before it reached Hatfield. As It could
\ rot pet through on account of the blocked
i iracks it was returned to Bethlehem, and
i there was great rejoicing at the narrow
| escape of its occupants from the catas
j trophe.
The Coroner of Montgomery County
; visited the wreck early anr» spent the tn
, tire day at the scene. He at once directed
j the removal of the dead to I^ansdale, u
I short distance south of Hatfield. He
; promises a rigorous investigation rhto the
i horror.
Responsibility Not Fixed.
There are conflicting stories as to the
i responsibility for the accident. One ver
¦ sion is that the engineer of the excursion
; train had been warned at Souderton, the
, station above Hatfield. that the milk train
. was a few minutes ahead of him. An
j other etory is that the train dispatchers'
j office at Philadelphia was at fault. The
\ trainmen refused to talk of the accident.
Fifteen hundred tickets had been sold
: for the excursion to the seashore and it
¦ was to have been the last of the season.
W. II. Rccenberry of Lansdale; a Rep
' resent*tlve in the Pennsylvania House of
Representatives, was on the milk train.
; He rud his jaw broken and was also in-
I terr.ally injured. His condition is strious.
H. at^v TTT^Ar'nr.riiTA. Sept. :.-Thir
« teen persons killed and over
fis 5^^ thirty others injured is the
S ; .illins record of a rear-end
<v?>. ",:ificn between an excursion
iln nnd a mi'.k train on the
Beihl»>h : branch of the Philadelphia and
way this morning at Hat
asylvmnia. twenty-seven miles
¦' -.;« rity. The wrecked train con
eMed of ten day coaches, which was the
j • - : . ,-; a large excursion made up j
• , • :• from Bethlehem. Ailentown and
: • mdins towna to Atlantic City. This
section carried only those persons who
lived i" B thlohem and Allentown. and j
lion depot in Bethlehem at 6:05 I
i.. r-. exactly thirty-five minutes behind]
the rallk train. The latter, train consisted j
of two mQk car? ar.d two passenger!
chea zj.A had stopped at every station
the road from Bethlehem en route to 1
Philadelphia- At 6:54 the milk tratn drew
f:p at the milk platform at Hatneld and
: less thtn two minutes the special ex.
n train, rur.nin? at the rate of
ti.:rty-"Ve miles an hour, crashed Into
the rear of the milk, train. The locomotive
rjkmshed through the two passenger
coaches : ; r.d crushed them as if they were
Anid a Mass of "Wreckage.
The milk car Immediately in front was
e1*o badly wrecked. Four persons. God
frey Kaeiin. his dausrhtor Mamie. Harold
Lasdlfl and WHUam Blackburn on the
las^er.gcr coach of the milk train, were
Smart instantly killed. Fortunately th^re
ivt-re very few persons on this train. The
<-xcur^ion trair. was a picture of indes
cribable horror. The locomotive was a
mess of bent and broken iron and firmly
beld *he bodies of Us engineer an.! Ore
ca!1 btnCcUh its great weight. Behind
the er.pine, six of the ten cars were also a
-a-« of wreckage. The tat car was
broken in twain and the other five cars
¦were thrown en their sides, completely
<iC Nire' < r' C rto"s were killed In the first two
cars 'and the others in those coache^
were badly maimed. As soon as the cra.-h
,ame a terrible cry rose from the smashed
ra ., ar .d those who had not been injured
y crawled cr Jumped from the cars
; -M went to the USfetSBOa of the injured
Mas r were planed down by wreckage and
' ¦ , be freed by the liberal use or
Killsd Instantly.
- •- three or fcur exceptions the
filmed : ,, F , !:S crs were killed >^antly.
-. -. th*TB d-inK on their way »/"» ""-
;•• = '. All the injured were first taken to
a Shed at the HatftelJ station ~.u ir- 1 
ccad wore removed to a barn. Slesser.gers
:>riSS ANNTE SHERRY, aged 21 years. South Bethlehem.
ROBERT MILLER, acd 21. South Eeth'ehem.
RICHARD BACUMAK. aged 4«. Booth Bethlehem.
IRA EHRET. aged 2\ Booth Bethlehem.
WILUAU n:HRET. brother of Ir.i. South Bethlehem.
JOSKPH MOKDAUNT. cgod 22. Siuth Bethlehem.
CHARLES MoGONIOLE. Allentown.
THOMAS DAY. Allentown.
MIPS MAMIE KAKLIX. ag-ed 14. Telford.
(WDFREV KAKLI.V, father of Mamie.
WILLIAM BLACKBURN. Ambler.
HAROLD LAKDIS, HatfieUL
ACHERMAXX, Philadelphia.
THE KILLED
THE INJURED.
J"hn David. Philadelphia, engineer of excur?ir>n train, Fkull fractured.
\\\ Albert J. Wagner, Philadelphia, fireman excursion train, con
of chest and leg?. serious: Wilson Cropland, South Beth
lehem, bag-gatrema^ter of milk trair.. head lacerated. perio-j?:
Michael J. Ty~o. AlleiUown. legs crushed and burned, serious;
John GonnatC South Bethlehem, foot crushed; John McHugh. South
• hem, Vt. and thigh Injured and hurt Internally, not serious:
Abraham Transne Jr.. South Bethlehem, deep scalp wounds, contus-ion of
; p.n<1 internally injured, serious: Mr*. 'William Burkhardt, South Beth
•m, injure internally: Miss Gertrude Burkhardt, South Bethlehem, both
token; P. J. McMahon. South Bethlehem, ankle broken; John Reich
b Bethlehem, internally Injured; Mr?. George Harrison, arm broken
iT'tvisi^n n< rr<'dy; Irvin »wharrt. head badly cut; Mary Newhard.
Pouth Uethl^hem. crushed ril>s: Miss Ccrrie Parhman, daushfr r>f Richard
Bachraan. who wm* killed. ches=t crushed. Ferious; Miss Brennan, South
chem, arm broken; I-. T. Hartzos. South Bethlehem, arm broken;
rry S<-h!om, South Bethlehem, leg contused: Edward Ree.«e. South Beth
1> ad ard shoulder contused; Mrs. Shaber. Allentown. both legs
broken: John S. Chantz. Allentown, toes crushed: "William Chantz. AHen
: iwn, thigh injured; Mits Schaefer, Allentown. leR" broken; Mary Koch,
f- I legs; Lewi? Kiecht, Bethlohem. badly lacerated; Annie Miller,
South Bethlehem, hips crushed: William Wlllmeyer. South Bethlehem.
badly lacerated: Mrs. UlUmeyer. legs crushed; Mrs. Alfred Schmoyer, Beth
beax, batdly lacerated.
THE first hint of negotiations between the Chinese officials nnd Pekl:i;r diplomat* has come from the Chinese capital. According to one
•Itspatch Prince Chine who I* pro-foreiffn in his sympathies^ sonclit commnnlratlon with General t'LaCrcnho referred the matter to
n council, tlic resalt of vrliicii in not Mtatctl. An Diieonfirmcil rumor reported to St. Petersburg »>>' ttie Italian 5»lnl*i«T •l«.-clar*"» thut
I'rfnc-c Chins: lin* lieeu appointed ReRCiit. A* a re»nlt ten Chinese dlRnitnrieH wrre to anU. diplomat* to Invite him to PeUins rs
make explnnatlonn.
In nn effort to save the innermost palace of the Forbidden City members of the Tsnnj? Li Vamen are trying to approach, the Een
erni* through Sir Robert Hart. *
London think* the European concert l»a» been raptured by the Rnnslnnailnn tn vrlthdrnTr troops from lVI.Ins. Some ne-rrnpap«ra -
think only the I'nited Stntcs nnil France will finally accept th«> proposal. AVn.ihlncton continues optimistic on the subject of continued i
harmony of the powers. . *.
Ereclal Dispatch to The Call
FOLSOM. Sept. 2.— Lying: in the j
kitchens of the houses on |
each of two dairy ranches, three i
mil^s from Folsom. the decom- j
po^ed bodies of two farmhands i
were found to-day. They had j
been shot to death by unknown |
assassins and the houses ransacked from i
top to bottom. The dead men are Wil-
Itam Taylor and Hans Rasmussen. The |
Coroner's Jury that f^at to-day at the !
ranches of the Parazzo brothers and Wll* j
Ham Carpenter, where the crimes oc- i
currod. returned a verdict In each cafe j
of "death from bullet-wounds received at >
the hands of a party or parties unknown." j
There is r.o dew that would lead to the !
clearing of the mystery that shrouds the j
taking off of the?e i-imple farmhands — !
whether they were slain in the light of j
day, and realized the fate that was to
befall them; whether they were lured to I
the windows Jn the night, when death !
carne to them swiftly from the rifle or j
rifles of an unknown assassin or assas- |
sins, may never be known. Certain It Is j
that they were shot down In cold blood, j
Robbery or Revenge?
But. whether it was revenge or robbery j
that inspired the murderous deed, Is not j
known. Apparently, the motive was rob- j
bery, for the houses had been searched, j
Yet there fr.uld have been eo little of j
value on the premises that the disar
rangement of the furniture may have !
been planned to avert suspicion that re- j
venge prompted the slaying.
The horror of the crimes has sent a \
thrill of terror to the heart of the stoutest i
and bravest of farmers and farmhands. |
for no one knows where the fell bolt of j
assassination may strike next— who will j
fall victim to the unknown thug or thugs, j
Weird, creepy and awful were the tale<? i
of murder that were brought to this
town this morning, by Antone Prisser
and Henry Glincamp. Prisser came white
as to face and with trembling limbs to
tell of the grisly thing he had seen when
he went Into the kitchen of the ranch
: house on the dairy farm of Perazzo
! Brothers early this morning. Glincamp
| came later with the tale of a haunting
i fear that evil must have happened to the
j kindly Swede farmhand who looked after
j the Carpenter place, for the Swede had
i not been seen for several days. His
¦ fears proved to be well-founded, for, like
Taylor, Rasmuspen's bullet-riddled body
! lay in the other lonely ranch-house.
Prisser's Grew3ome Discovery.
Here is the tale as related by Prisser.
Antone Prisser, who lives a short dis
j tance from the Perazzo ranch, went, as
j was his custom, to the Perazzo ranch to
deliver some mail to William Taylor. Not
j finding him at the house and the doors
i being locked, he started toward the barn.
j Taylor's dog espied Prisser and followed
I him. whining piteously and now and then
I turning back towards the house. The
I dog's actions were so peculiar that Prisser
j decided to go back to the house. Again
i he tried the door and windows. Coming
! to the kitchen window, he found It un
i fastened, and raising it he climbed into
the house. As he entered his eyes behelrt
a. recumbent form, and a cold shiver ran
! over him. Approaching the figure, Prisser
I stooped over. The man was Taylor and
he was dead. .Prisser fled the grewsome
scene and hastened to Folsom, where he
notified the authorities.
Officer Donnelly went to the ranch.
When he examined the body of Taylor
he found that the farmhand had b,eer.
killed. Three jagged bullet wounds— on?
' in the forehead, one in the abdomen and
I one in the hand— told a tale of murder
most foul. In the window-casing was an
other bullet— a missile that had missed it-s
human target. It had come from a 44
caliber rifle.
Evidence of Foul Murder.
There were no evidences of a struggle
anywhere. Taylor had been slain by a
thug who had coolly planned the murder
ous deed and as coolly executed it. The
condition of articles, in the various rooms,
showed that the house had been thor
oughly seached. perhaps for money, per
haps to hide the motive for the crime.
There was only one weapon in the house —
a rifle. But it contained no empty shell
and boro no signs of recent use. All the
doors and windows, save ' the kitchen
window, through which the murderer ev
i idently made his escape, had been secure
ly fastened. One of the bullets that went
through the window ranged upward, lead
ing to the conclusion that the slayer was
fitting or lying down when he fired on
Taylor.
After this thorough examination Offi
cer Donnelly returned to Folsom and tel
ephoned to Sheriff Johnson of Sacramen
to County, Coroner McMullan and Dis
trict Attorney Baker, informing them of
the facts and urging them to come to
Fo!som at once.
The Fate of Rasmussen.
A few minutes later Henry Glincamp, a
farmer residing near the Carpenter ranch,
which is two miles distant from the Pe
razzos* ranch. Informed Officer Donnelly
that Hans Rasmussen, the keeper of the
ranch, had not been seen for several days
and that he feared that something was
Bullet-Riddled Bodies
Are Found in the
Kitchens. .
Awful Tragedies
on Isolated
Ranches.
Two Farm La
borers Are
Slain.
MYSTERY
OF MURDERS
AT FOLSOM
NEGOTIATIONS BETWEEN CHINESE OFFICIALS
AND PEKING DIPLOMATS ARE COMMENCED
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISGO. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PUZZLING GRIMESReturning Tourists, Torced to Take
Steerage, Object to Compul
sory Vaccination.
BERLIN, Sept. 2.— Owing to the un
urually heavy westward passenger traf
fic, as well as to the Interruption In sail
ings owing to the Hoboken disaster and
to the chartering of passenger steamers
by the German Government for use in
Chinese waters, many American citizens
have recently been compelled to take
steerage passage in returning to the
United States.
The physicians of the North German
Lloyd Steamship Company have insisted
upon vaccinating all these to meet the
requirements of the United States laws.
Recently an American tiled strong objec
tions with Mr. Henry D. Diedrlch, United
States Consul at Bremen, who wrote to
Washington for instructions, meanwhile
forbidding the physicians in question to
vaccinate Americans in the steerage on
the ground that the law was intended to
apply to immigrants only.
MAY EXCIiTJDE CHINESE.
LIMA, Peru, Sept. 2.— The Peruvian
Senate yesterday had under consideration
a i proposal for preventing Chinese immi
gration in view of a possible exodus from
China as a result of the present disturb-
LETTER CARRIERS ARE
GATHERING IN DETROIT
Many Delegates to the Convention of
the National Association on
the Ground.
DETROIT, Sept. 2.— Some 400 members
of the National Association of Letter Car
riers had arrived this evening to attend
the annual meeting of the association to
be held this week. The early arrivals
came quite largely from the East and
Middle West. The presence of the letter
carriers will result in two Labor day pa
rades to-morrow.
Officers of the association announce
that it has now a membership of 16,000
with 745 local branches, and that all the
Government letter carriers in the country,
with the exception of about 1000, are in
cluded In its membership. As usual in
the annual meetings, the principal sub
jects of discussion relate, to possible legis
lation by Congress affecting' letter" car
riers. Increases of salaries to uniform
rates for carriers of both tho first and
second class Is to be urged. Carriers of
postoffices of the first class now receive
$1000 and of the second class $Sr>0. What
the men desire is a uniform salary of
SI 200.
The question of pensions for infirm and
disabled letter carriers, which has been
discupsed for some years, has resulted in
the preparation of a bill providing for
payment of such pensions by a specially
appointed officer of the Postofflce Depart
ment of such pensions by a specially, ap
pointed officer of the Postofflce Depart
ment out of a fund raised by assessing
each carrier 1 per cent of his salary. The
bill provides for administration • of " the
matter by the department without any
further expense to the Government
?
Transcontinental Line One
of the Ambitions of the
Millionaire.
VUDERBILT
WANTS A ROAD
TO THE WEST
in the World, but Has No "Use
for the Baltimore
and Ohio.
Regards Pennsylvania Stock as Best
Sceclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2.— William K. Van
derbllt's purchase of additional stock in
the Pennsylvania Railroad is a subject ol
lively gossip in railroad circles.
The old report that the New York Cen
tral and the Pennsylvania would also ab
sorb the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad was
revived yesterday, but was denied by one
of Mr. Vanderbilt's closest friends, who
Eaid to a Call correspondent:
"I cannot speak for other stockholders
of the Pennsylvania and the New York
Central, but as far as Mr. Vanderbilt, the
largest stockholder, is individually con
cerned he would not have the. Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad as a gift. The road is
run down and has not for many years
been a serious competitor of either the
Pennsylvania or the New York Central.
i Its passenger traffic has continually de
creased. Mr. Vanderbllt cares nothing for
the Baltimore and Ohio, but had long been
I anxious to acquire control of the Pennsyl
i vania which he regarded as the finest
railroad property in the world, not ex
cepting the New York Central. I will Bay
I that If Mr. Vanderbllt makes more largo
purchases of railroad stock with a view
to control It will be in the West. It hab
1 long been the ambition of the Vanderbiltss
! to own a road to the Pacific Coast."
GLENWOOD SPRINGS. Co'lo.. Sept. 2.—
To-day's session of the conference of rail
road officials who have been here for sev
eral days discussing the outlines of a
transcontinental passenger association
was only one hour in length. The com
mittees at work upon a plan were not
ready to report and the meeting adjourned
until to-morrow at 10 o'clock.
Discussing the question of the handling
of Government troop3 and the recent or
der of the quartermaster general of the
United States army to the effect that all
troops to be carried to the Pacific Coast
must go via the Southern Pacific from
Ogden to San Francisco George Nichol
son, representing the Santa Fe Railroad
at the meeting, said that the matter
would have to be submitted to the head
quarters of his company before he could
enter into any agreement that would bind
the Santa Fe people.
The representative of one of the largest
lines here stated emphatically to-night
that he believed the Santa Fe would see
its way clear to become a member of the
association. He said: ' "The Santa Fe
has a complete line from Chicago to San
Francisco and could handle the troops
without a break from Chicago to tide
water. The Government's order deprives
the Santa Fe not only of the through
haul, but even the haul over Its prairie
lines, and forces busines3 to which the
Santa Fe is 'entitled to go to the north
ern routes. Mr. Nicholson can therefore
not be blamed for claiming some restitu
tion throi'flfh tho association for this loss
of bUFlne:*,."
Hecent Order of Quartermaster Gen
eral Eegarding Hauling of
Troops Chief Topic of
Discussion.
Brief Conference of Railway
Officials at Glenwood
Springs.
SANTA FE MAY
JOIN TRAFFIC
ASSOCIATION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SOUTH McALESTER, I. T., Sept 2.—
The Government census takers, who have
recently completed the official census of
the various Indian, tribes of the Indian
Territory, report a number of long-lived
people who reside in this section of the
country. It is claimed that the Indians
live to an older age than any other class
of people on earth. Many of them have
attained the age of 125 years, while a 100
year-old Indian is nothing out of the ordi
nary. Here are a few of them and some
facts about their lives.
White Horse, a medicine chief of the
Otoes, is now 101 years old, and says that
he feels as well as he did when he chased
cowboys and soldiers under Geronimo
fifty years ago. To prove his assertions
he is now planning a thousand-milo trip
across the eounlry to visit some of his
warrior friends. He Is a great medicine
man among the Otoes and Is their ambas
sador to the Great Spirit, where he makes
frequent trips, according to himself. He
also leads in the violent medicine dances
and takes medicine the same as he did
when a young chief.
Another aged Indian is Looking Glass,
a Cheyenne warrior. He Is 104 years old,
and will soon be 105. He was with Sitting
Bull, the great Sioux warrior, in most of
'his raids, and he has passed through
seven Indian wars. He Bays that he does
not remember how many white people he
has killed, but that it must be over 100.
His eyesight Is keen and his hearing la
excellent. He does hot speak the Eng
lish language.
Nancy Jacobs is a Choctaw woman, 100
years old, she lives near Antlers. She was
a cook for the white soldiers during the
civil war and remembers all the big gen
erals and commanders of the Southern
forces. She has a married daughter 65
years of age who lives near by. The old
woman has outlived three husbands and
still does her own cooking and housekeep
ing.
Among tho Apaches there are ten or
twelve old women who have passed the
100 mark. One of the cruel features of
the Apacho home life is that when a
woman has passed her period of useful
ness about the house she is taken into the
country and left by the roadside to die.
The white people have talked the Apaches
nearly out of this way of treatment to
the old people, but the custom Is still
practiced.
Ked Men Who Have Passed Osntury
Mark and Are Still Sturdy to
Ba Found in Almost
Every Village.
Figures Taken From the Re
cent Census Returns in
Indian Territory.
CENTENARIANS
COMMON AMOHG
THE INDIANS
FORECAST OF THE
NEW YORK CONVENTION
SARATOGA. N. Y., Sept. 2.-The con
census of opinion here to-night makes up
the following Republican State ticket to
be nominated by the convention, which
will meet here Tuesday: Governor, B. J.
Odell Jr. of Orange; Lieutenant Governor
Timothy Woodruff of Kings; Comptroller.
William J. Morgan of Erie; Secretary of
State. John T. McDonough of Albany;
State Engineer. Edward Bond of Jeff er-
Bon; Attorney General, John E. Daviea of
Oneida; State Treasurer, John P. Jareket
ofCayusa.
WASHINGTON. Sept.. 2.-So far
as can be ascertained. th<»re
were no important develop
ments In the Chinese situation
here to-day. Tho official? main
tain unusual reticence. They pay they
have no information to make public re-
Farding the replies to the Ameriean-Rus
pfan propositions for the withdrawal of
the military forces of the powers from.
Peking. Mr. Adee, the. acting Secretary
of State, has decided for the present not
to make any Ftatement as to the names
of the powers which have answered, or
to indicate whether the replies are of an
affirmative or a negative character, on
the ground that the publication of the
nttitud<- of the powers might embarrass
the negotiations at this* t'.me. It is there
fore Impossible to Kara definitely to what
extent answers have been received. Tne
opinion i>revalls. however, that none of
a. conclusive character has as yet come
to hand, such communications as have
been received being merely of a prelim
inary character. In diplomatic circles
the opinion prevails that none of the
great powers have as yt-t reached a final
determination as to the course they will
pursue.
"Want Time to Communicate.
7t is recognized here that some of them
at least will want sufficiem time to per
mit communication with their diplomatic
and military representatives in China
with a view to determining the exact con
dltion of affairs from their own point of
view before undertaking to make any
reply to so Important a proposition as
that involved in the American memoran
dum.
Empress Ag-ain Moving.
Owing to the Interruption of telegraphic
communication between Peking and Tien
tsin it is believed here that sores days
may elapse before final answers are re
ceived. Officials are watching with Inter
est the editorial comment of tho European
prer* as Indications of the pontlment pre
vailing !n the various countries of Eu
rope. No cablegram from China was
civen to the pre^s by any of the depart
ments to-day. Acting Secretary A<iee
vas et the State Department during the
day. but he said to-night that no tele
grains of consequence had been received.
The interruption of communication with
Peking Is presumably rep?-onE!b'.o. in parC
for this, as some days have now flapped
plnce any word was received from Mr.
Congror. Mr. Wu. th»- Chinese Minister.
still remains at <"ape May. but at the le
gation It v.as said there had not been a
dispatch received during the da;.-. The
latest word concerning U Huiir Chang's
whereabouts was contained in the Asso
ciated I'rrc? ra ble from Shanghai to-night
stating that he was Ftill ther*. The r*»
pert that the foreigners there generally
discredited him was r«=ad with interest in
diplomatic circles. The Fuspicion of his
motives then- seem to be shared by many
of the diplomats here.
An interesting bit of information re
garding the Empress Dowager came to
Washir.gton it: a roundabout way to-day.
It was to the <-ffeet that the British Gov
ernment had received word that the Em
pre?3 was going from Tyanfu, In the prov
ince of Shensl, to which place she had fled
after her escape from Peking, to Hslnan
fu. Tyanfu is, farther west than Eistnan
fu. Indicating that ?he is moving still
further away from the Chinese capital
The report says nothing of tho Emperor's
movements. It b; Fug-grsted as a possi
bility that ho may have 1r>ft Yt<r entour
age and that he may have decided to re
vr.zln where he is or to return to Peking.
His return to the- capital city would prob
ably completely change the situation. He
belonged to the ProgTe*p!ve party before
he was compelled <o fign the. imperial re
script of 18KS, and if restored to power
peace negotiations would undoubtedly be
facilitated. The powers would have more
confidence in him than in the reactionary
party. Despite the Empress' coup of two
years ago. diplomats here familiar with
•Chinese affairs pay the Chinese people
regard him as their rish'.ful ruler.
Situation at Amoy.
The Government officials apparently are
not concerning themselves over the situa
tion at Amoy, notwithstanding the press
reports that great numbers of the Chinese
ars leaving because of the fear of Im
pending trouble. Consul Goodnow, at
WASHINGTON WATCHES
SENTIMENT OF EUROPE
[ ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 2.— The offi
! c!al Gazette publishes the following dis
patch dated Peking. August 20. from the
Russian Minister. M. dc Giere:
"There Is an unconfirmed rumor that
! Prince. Chlng has been appointed regent,
i but !.¦« afraid to return here unless the
foreign envoys will guarantee his liber
• ty. Ten dignitaries remaining in P<»
i Kir.Br have consequently resolvea to petl
| tion the diplomats Jn the Interest of
I amelioration of the situation to invite
Prince Chlng to return to Peking and
give explanations."
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Times, wiring yesterday, says: "Li Hung
Chang has received a telegram from the
Chinese. Minister in Berlin, asserting that
Germany is prepared to act in concert
with Russia with a view to a settlement,
and that therefore it is probable Germany
will foilow Russia and withdraw her
troops from Peking. Two American cor
respondents who left Peking' August 21
with a party of missionaries arrived here
yesterday. The British residents at the
time the Americans left were preparing
to proceed to Tientsin. Fighting had en
tirely ceased and hardly any Chinese were
met on route. An official telegram from
Ohinptu-Ku reports that Kwel Chun, vice
roy of Sze Chuan and th<i Tartar general
of Rze Chuan. have both been dismissed
by Imperial edict, showing that the Em
press I)owntrer is still guided by vindictive
i eact ionaries."
News has been received in London that
Sir Robert Hart, director general of the
Chinese Imperial Maritime Customs, was
Btill in Peking on August 20.
ALLEGED APPOINTMENT
OF A CHINESE REGENT
According to a dispatch from Tientsin,
dated August 25, to the Standard, an epi
demic of suicides has broken out among
the Chinese in Peking, where entire fami
lies are hanging themselves.
LOXDOX. Sept. 3, 4 a. m.— There Is no
confirmation of the report that the Chi
nese attacked the allies at Kangchung,
which is six miles south of Peking.
Various dispatches from Shanghai con
firm the reports of the failure of the rice
crop in the Nankin district and assert
that foreigners are being molested in
Nankin, the British Consul having been
insulted.
FOREIGNERS ARE BEING
MOLESTED IN NANKIN
Shanghai, has reported to the State De
partment that the incident, referring to
the landing of marines by the Japanese
there was closed, and this presumably has
satisfied the officials here. The gunboat
Castine, dispatched to Amoy several days
since by the Navy Department, it is be
lieved, will not tarry there long. Her
destination was the Cavite Naval Station
In the Philippines, and the State Depart
ment, taking advantage of this knowl
edge, had orders given that she stop at
Amoy on the way down to report upon
conditions there.
Word was received at the Navy De
partment to-day that the battleship Ore
gon, which has just come out of a Jap
anese drydoek, where she has been un
dergoing repairs,' had sailed from Naga
saki for Wushung, the man-of-war an
chorage at Shanghai. The assignment to
that place Is supposed to have been made
by Admiral Remey, but the reason for
sending her there is not stated here. In
that vicinity, however, she will be of as
sistance in landing marines If for any
rcascn the necessity for this should arise.
$. . . — .
but it requires naught but the latter gift,
many men of small mental caliber having
frequently attained great honors.
"Brothers, let us pause for a moment and
consider the result of this Bystem of train
ing. Just think of it— men who have de
voted half a lifetime to this hermit-like
course of learning after they have suc
cessfully passed their examinations are
given responsible GoA'ernment positions.
How can they be competent to fill them?
A man who knows nothing but the "four
books" may in time be assigned to super
intend a modern arsenal. Would it not
be better to select a man who had spent
as many years in an iron foundry? One
of the first official acts of Emperor Kwang
Su was to abolish the old eight-legged ex
amination.
"I do not advocate robbing our people
of all the harmless superstitions, nor do I
believe in the destruction of the great
moral precepts of our philosophers. They
were constructed for the moral betterment
of mankind.
"One of the principal tenets of our faH'n
is filial piety or devotion to our parents.
Do you know, men of China, that the
father of us all is at this moment a pris
oner? Do you realize that this great and
good man is suffering for us v that our
parent Is being persecuted by nis heart
less, wicked aunt, the Empress Dowager?
t athers, sons, and brothers, can you re
main deaf to his entreaties? Father, for
give my weak heart if my eloouence be
insufficient to convince all your children
of your peril!"
At thi3 point of his discourse the <^V
cate form of the frail scholar seempd con
vulsed with emotion and he raised his
clasped hands in Oriental fashion. *ii»0?.
covering his face to hide the tears stream
ing down his sunken cheeks. The effect
upon his audience was fairly, electrical, a
large number of men weeping like chil
dren.
"Do not weep, my brothers." he re
sumed. "Liberty and reform will soon be
ours. Then we will reverently lay aside
the relics of barbarism and begin life
anew. All will soon be changed and the
regeneration of China will follow. The
inspiration comes from the land of glo
rious liberty (America), whose hospitality
you now enjoy; the land of the flowery
I banner whose sons were the lirst great
i reformers of the earth. The immortal
I father of their country. Washington, has
not only liberated Americans, but the his
tory of his deeds is now reforming China.
I Let us teach our children to pray ten
' times each year for the everlasting hap
piness of the sons of the flowery banner.
We also have our patriots.
"Our first and last crumb of comfort
comes from America. Dispatches tell us
tnat America is about to consummate an
alliance with Russia, which will mean
' the salvation of China. We know too well
I that this has been brought about solely
j bv the fair-dealing Americans. Of Rus-
! sia we have never expected anything. In
I fact, the Manchus who have long ruled
our country by an unwritten law, namely,
the right of might, arc nothing but Rus-
I .«lan Tartars. Our faith is in America,
! for we feel that every American citizen
understands and appreciates our fight for
liberty. "We pray that America succeed,
but we doubt any country's ability to
soften the cruel Russian."
LEONG TAI KINN SHEDS TEARS
OVER THE WOES OF KWANG SU
Eloquent Address
Audience in Chi
nese Theater Is
Strongly Moved
by His Words.
LEONG KAT TINN, who claims to
be special ombassador of the de
posed Emperor of China, Kwangr
Su, delivered an impassioned ad
dress yesterday afternoon to a large audl
fnce of his countrymen in the Jackson
street Theater. Ills plea for the restora
tion of the Emperor and the moderniza
tion of China, pnd his depiction of the in
dignities that had been heaped upon the
unfortunate Kw&ng Su by the Dowager
Empress, were so eloquent that the j'ellow
men in the audience were moved to tears.
Seldom has any speaker been able so to
play upon the emotions of the stoical
Chinaman as he is known to America.
I^eonsr Kal Tinn arrived in San Francis
co last Monday, and his address yesterday
was the first he delivered here. lie came
to this country to gain the support of the
Chinese resident in the United States for
the restoration of the Emperor and the
inauguration of a liberal policy towara
foreigners. He Is the representative of the
Chinese Empire Association of Reform
ers, as well as the accredited agent ol
Kwang Su.
"O, brothers, I salute you," he began.
"Thousands of miles I have traveled to
deliver the last message of our beloveo.
Emperor, who for the first time in our
4000 years of history happens to be the
only ruler who has appealed to his people
for assistance. I come as one of his direct
agents to ask that you give heed to his
cry for help. This noble man who appeals
to you is the first honest, Emperor with
which the Creator has blessed China for
thousands ef years.
"For over 250 years we have been at the
mercy of a horde of Tartar politicians and
soldiers. We have bent the knee and
kowtowed to these heartless foreigners,
who have not one thought In common with
our people. Why have we done so? Sim
ply because of our love for the obsolete
maxims and ancient precepts of the great
philosophers of our native land — laws well
calculated to guide a man's moral charac
ter, but absolutely inadequate as govern
ing principles for a great nation.
"Let me say that during the last foul
years more has occurred for the edifica
tion of the Chinese people than in all of
the previous 4000 years of written history.
Patriots have been borri to our people who
have not feared to cry aloud their com
plaints to high heaven: men who have
sacrificed their all for the love of China
and our people; men who have even
snatched the buttons from their caps for
the cause of liberty— and every Chinese
scholar knows what this means. It means
the casting aside of that which has cost
them a lifetime of study to attain: it
means the loss of a badge which insured
great or comparative luxury for the bal
ance of their lives. Every man who haj
attained rank under Chlna'8' educational
system deserves official position as a re
ward for his Industry, for it means long
years of study and a flawless memory;
estimate as to where the center of popu
lation will be located by this census.
The rtr«=t census in 3700 located a center
of population twenty-three miles east of
Baltimore. It has since moved westward
ct a rate of about lifty mile.*, each decade,
almost on the thlrty-^nlnth parallel of latr
trade, until the censuw of l««0 located it
twenty miles east of Columbus, Ind.
I'nless there aro larger increases in the
rural population in the far West than are
now expected, it Is not probable that the
present census will locate the center of
population any farther west than that of
1S90, though it Is not improbable that it
will be shifted to the north. The present
indications are that it will b° to the east
cf li'diaiiapolis and near that city. This
question of location of the center of pop
ulation and relative density of population
in different sections of the country has an
important he-»rinfr on the representation
In Congress under the new apportionment
that will bo made as a result of th!:s cen
sus.
Approximate Representation.
It Is apparent that the different sections
cf the country will have approximately
about the same representation as at pres
ent.
It can bo stated with reasonable cer
tainty that there will be r.o reduction in
the number of representative? from New
York. There may be even an increase of
one. The five New York cities already
counted show an aggregate Increase in
population of 1.0M.713. which Is more than
the Increase credited by the Porter cen
sus to the entire State between 1SS0 and
I89A. In the Southern States two cities
in Kentucky show a Rain of 24.26 per cent
ard one in Ixmislar.a 1S.62 per cent. San
Francisco, the only city counted yet on
the PiioiJlc Ccast. shows a gain of 14.64
per cent.
It is expected that the Increase In popu
lation in the rural districts har been
rather in the West than In the
East. i>ut it Is not believed it will bo
sufficient to offset the hiph rates of in
crease in the great cities from Chicago
Eastward.
Incidentally flgrures thus far available
throw a flood of lieht upon the methods
that were pursued by Mr. Porter In taking
the census of 1S90.
They leave little doubt that th«» popula
tion of Nf-w York City wa? in W) almost
SOftjOM mor" than shown bv the census
I'iCurcs. On the otb^r hand the returns for
of-r'aln boom "Western towns were
padded In a most extraordinary manner
when that census was taken. This Is
shown by the apparent decrease of 2fi.9S
nr>r cent In the population of Omaha.
N(-br. . and of 12.42 per cent in the popu
lation of Slcux City, Iowa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Th* 1 poorest showing Is made by Iowa
and Nebraska, Two cities in the former
P'.pTe shnv. - a pnin of only 5.70 per cent.
ar.d one In Nebraska. Omaha, show? an
actual loss of 263$ p«-r c»»nt. Kansas a.nd
Missouri da better, one city in Kansas
rhnwinp a {rain <>f SMS per cent and two
Jn Missouri 26.43 per cent. Ono in Colorado
shows a eain of 25.44 per cent.
It is too **arly yet to make an accurate
Poor She-wring Mp.de.
T'p m tup present time the census of
flce fcr<~e h>'S been working almost *>xclu
fiveiy on the returns from rltie<« of 25.0<Kt
popolatloa and over.' Figures thus far
available srtm to show that the greatest
increauM has iw»f-n in Northern Slates from
Illinois eastward. Four cities in New
England gbow an increase at the rate of
27.C5 per cent; Bve cities in New York.
S. r ..i.T iwr o«*nt: four citi«-s in Xew Jersey.
3u.T7 i« r <<:it: four in Pennsylvania. 24.65
j.rr <ei;t: five 'n Illinois'. BUSS p«»r cent.
The Middle Atlantic States do not show
such lurgf increases. One city in Dela
ware cbowfl 1M.M per cent, one in Maryland
17.:r> ivr cent and in the District «if Colum
bia SU8 per cent.
In th<- Northwestern States one lr. Mich
lpari »hotr« nn Increase of 35. . ¦ per cent.
twa in Minnesota 20.:io per cent and one
In ivtscondn 2S.*4 per cent.
A?>uralng that the average for the d'.e
triris not y<*l counted wiil he approxi
mately the Fanie as for those counted, the
total population is about 75.77S.P0tl. The
population In IFSO. according to the census
if tiict >car. was C2,622.I3fl. This shows
an ircrr>a?p during the decade of 12.333.750,
or alxrat 2<) per cent. The official f:#rureo.
vh!< h wi'.l be given out at the conclusion
of the count, trill not differ widely from
these.
Clerks er.^aped '.n punching population
carSs. *»ach on» of which represents a per
eon. up to Saturday r.ipht had punched
ZS ."•* 2.1— The schedules from which thest
cards were punched repreper.ted the fiela
v.ork of 2-".r7^ enumerators. This gives an
r.vf-ragc of 142<> persona to each enumer
ator^ district. Th<»re w.»re C3.W of these
districts in the entire country.
CALX. BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Sept. 2.—
There are approximately 7o.77S.09j
person* in the [Jolted States accord
ing to the count of the Federal een
fue. SuCicicnt progress has been made to
er-atle the total population of the cour.tr;
to bo estimated with reasonable accuracy.
According to the Figures Thus Far Available
the Greatest Increase Has Been in the
Northern States, From Illinois
Eastward.
Approximate Estimate Shows a
Gain of Almost Twenty
Per Cent.
COUNTRY'S GROWTH
IN PAST TEN YEARS
Special Dispatch to The Ca
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON I
HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Sept. 2.-
There has been no change in the
programme of me AVar Depart
ment In the matter of bringing j
home the volunteer troops now serving in j
the Philippines. The law under which j
the present volunteer army was ~nw?ted
provides that the men must be brought
home and discharged in the United States
before July 1, 1901. The War Department
is preparing to carry out this provision of
the law. The regular troops now being
sent to the Philippines are to replace the
volunteers.
In order, however, that Major General
MacArthur may have the greatest pos
sible force to carry on a vigorous cam
paign for a few weeks after the close of
the present rainy season, it is intended to
allow the volunteers to remain as long as
possible without Interfering with the
plan3 for discharging all of them before
July 1 of next year. This programme
was decided upon long before the begin
ning of the Chinese campaign and the sit
uation in that country has nothing to }
do with it. At the same time if the j
conditions should become such as to re
quire additional American troops in
China, they would probably be drawn
from the Philippines, just as the Ninth
and Fourteentn Infantry were sent up
for the Peking relief expedition. The au
thorities here have no idea, however, that
there will be any necessity for any Amer- j
lean reinforcements in China and they
nope that the vigorous campaign which
Major General MacArthur will be able to
carry on with his entire force of volun
teers and regulars will practically win'd
up the Philippine insurrection before the
volunteers are brought home. Unles it
is proposed to go to a great expense an-i
charter a large number of steamers.
Colonel Charles Bird, officer of the
Quartermaster's Department in charge of
sea. transportation, says it will De nces
aary to begin the shipment of men home
from the Philippines early in DecemDer.
"We calculate," ho continued, "upon
each of our transports making two trips,
BO the withdrawal mii3t commence before |
the tirst of the new year."
No orders have yet been Issued by the
department for the return of volunteers, j
but under the law such action must be
taken and if Congress authorizes the re- ]
tentlon of the volunteer army It wl.i be \
necessary to reorganize the regiments in j
the United States. Manila has always I
been looked upon by the authorities as an
excellent base for operations in the Far
Hast and supplies which may not be
needed at Taku will be diverted to Man', a,
where they will be stored In case of need.
Troubles of Commissioners.
MANILA. Sept. 2.— The Filipinos seem
incapable of realizing the scope and pur
pose of the legislative functions of the
commission of peace. There is no possi
bility of separating tho legislative from
the executive branches of the Government I
and therefore the commission's announce- j
ment of its assumption of power yester
day has met with childish comments at j
the hands of the Spaniards and foreign- j
ers who sneer at the new arrangement. ;
as they are apt to do at every beneficial i
innovation on the part of the United '
States authorities. The commisson enters
upon the governmental field under the i
following conditions:
A majority of the islanders desire peace j
and the resumption of busings under the
Americans, but they are so cowed by a
long series of murderous atrocities and
destruction of property by their armed
countrymen that they dare nut -actively
show their feelings, Especially because
experience has taught them that such an
expression of sentiment will bring upon
them from the mercilessly revengeful
rebels. A genuine reign of terror is ex
ercised by inscrgents and Ladroncs over
peaceful countryfolk in order to collect
the revenues and recruits the operations
require, and widespread vengeance is
wreaked in the vicinity of garrisoned
towns. For examplr, th«» tn<nTiro^f <-•...
cral Callles. in the provi-S^f K i!S r5^"
put to death th, preVv:; nt and <5S2Z
holders of the town of Bay oTLaS
by the Americans, and eav* orders that a
similar fate should be meted out to other
adherents Off the American cause. Ha
also ordered that all of the Filipino sol- A
e n"shSull°be 8 «? th * A™**-*
Any change of policy involving the with
drawal of the l.nltf--! Stares troor><* with
out substituting for them an adequate
defensive force. Is certain to re3vlt tn
fearful retaliation at the *x7>erse of th»
'•friendlles." The approaching patriatlon
of the volunteers tenda to In^cce tha
situation unfavorably.
Natives Resume "Work.
In Northern Luzon th? status quo Is
fairly well maintained, an-: ths p*opia in
that quarter aro quiet ar.<? »ngag«d. i a
planting, except In th<» provinces o*
Nucva Ecija and Bulacan. wher« th»r<»
have been recent outbursts of r»bel and
Ladrone activity. But In Southern L«.
zon conditions are far more -atlsfaetory.
Life there is not safe outside the garri
soned towns. Travelers are saVect to
ambush by guerrillas. Rarely does a day
pass ¦without an *ncountv between the
United States troops and the- insurgents
or Ladrones. resulting In casualties.
There are 18.000 troops In that district.
General Bates commandir.p, and In tare*
regiments over a third of the men ar«
sick . The activity of th« enemy In
creased last month. There is evidence
that the insurgents have coma into pos
session of new rifles and that they wish,
to annihilate some email American gax»
risona.
Conditions In the VIsayas coritlnue- vir
tually unchanged. The lack of troops la
Saisar prevents aggression. Negroa,
Romblon. Masbate. Slsbuyan. Tabtas and
Bohol are tranquil, all desiring civil gov
ernment. Mindanao is also tranquil ex
cepting the districts of Teagayan and
Surigan. where occasional encounter3
with the Filipinos occur. The enemy's
fighting force there Is limited, but It has
a number of rifles. The surrenders, al
though they have noticeably decreased
since May. continue.
Increase in Imports.
The experience of Northern Luzoa
shows that the American occupation of
any locality tends to Its pacification and
well-being. An unsettled American pol
icy retards the Investment of capital.
Nevertheless, the imports for the last
quarter and a half were greater than
during any period of the Spanish re
gime. No doubt the needs of the army
of occupation are responsible for a very
considerable portion of this. The internal
revenue collections are a third greater
than those made by Spain. This Is due
to an honest system of accounts, to a
lack of favoritism and to impartial en
forcement of the law. The military offi
cials will turn over 16.000.C00 Mexican to
the commission, and this will probably
he expended In public improvements,
notably In harbor developments, the need
of which are greatly hampering the ship
ping industry.
The commission will first organize mu
nicipalities In the provinces, notably In
Pampanga province. Subsequently it will
turn Us attention to needed reforms In
the civil and criminal codes, passing In
due time to other features of its In
structions with the idea of establishing
a central civil government during the
next eighteen months.
Twelve Americans, including two cap
tains and two lieutenants, have be<»n
killed during the past two weeks. The
official reports of the encounters In which
these casualties occurred are meagre.
Barker Memorial Hospital.
ASHEYILLE, w. C. Sept. 2.— George
Vanderbllt has started an endowment
fund for the Clarence Barker Memorial
Hospital at Biltmore. The hospital will
be formally opened next Tuesday. It wai
erected in memory of Clarence Barker, a
cousin of the Vanderbilts. by his sisters
Adela Schmidt Barker and Virginia Pur
dv Barker Bacon.
Majority of the Islanders Desire Peace, but
Dare Not Openly Show Their Feelings as
Vengeance Would Be Meted Out to
Them by the Rebels.
Authorities Believe MacArthur's
Present Force Sufficient to
Establish Peace.
PHILIPPINE WAR
MAY SOON BE ENDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1900.
LEADVTLI..E. Colo..' Sept. 2.— The fifth
annual rifle tournament of the Colorado
Rifle Association was held here to-day
and will continue to-morrow. Representa
tive riflemen are present from Denver
Aspen. Cripple Creek, Pueblo. Trinidad
and other points In the State. Aspen won
the team shoot by a score of 439 points.
Adams of Glenwood won the handicap
shoot with a score of 80.
Rifle Tournament.
Stops the Cough
And works oft the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul
nlne Tablets cure a cold In one day. No cure,
no pay. Price 25 cents.
WHERE IMMIGRATION
LAWS ARE OBNOXIOUS
LEONG TAI KINN, WHO
CLAIMS TO BE AN ENVOY
OF EMPEROR KWANG SU.
2
$35.00!
COMBINATION Sofa and Bed Lounge,
mahogany frame and richly upholstered
in velour; beautiful to look at and lux-
urious to sit or sleep on. In other wcrds, it's
a perfect couch, that may te used in the day-
time as an ornamental adjunct to a room or at
night as a comfortable bed. The price is
THAT IS A SUCCESS!
A HEW THING IN FURNITURE
ADVERTI3TTMTTMT3.
Carpets and Curtains in
• Wonderful Assortment.
750 Mission Street. San Francisco.
INDIANAPOLIS FURNITURE CO.,
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop the euro of OONOKRHOKA. GLi£ET3.
STRICTURES and analasoua complaints uf in*
Oruans ot Generation.
i Prict U a botU*. Fox •*!• by druMUta.
DR. BENNETTS ELECTRIC BELT
Makes weak men and women itrons «ad
strong men and women »tron*er. Adre«« 47
PO8T ST.. room* 5 «nd 8, San Francisco, C«LBusiness Center of Dominion Town
Suffers Disaster, Involving a
IiOss of S40.000.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 2.— The steamer
Amur, from Skaguay, reports that the
business section of Atlln City was wiped
out by fire on Sunday last. Ten of the
largest business buildings were desrtoyed.
The loss is over $40,0)0. with little if any
insurance. The citizens worked like Tro
jans to save the town and prevented the
flames from reaching any Government
property or buildings. The news reached
Skaguay by telegraph and no details were
obtainable when the Amur sailed.
FIRE CAUSES SERIOUS
LOSS IN ATLIN CITY
San Franciscan Drowns at Seattle
SEATTLE, Wa.=h., September 2.— Ol.if
F. Larsen was drowned to-day in Elliott
Bay by the capsizing of a row boat. Ha
was 23 years old. unmarried and recently
from San Francisco.
SUBURN, Ala.. Sept. 2.— Colonel Martin
V. Moor© died here to-day at the age of
63. He was a graduate of West Point and
served as a colonel in the Confederate
army. His wife is known to tha reading:
world as "Betsy Hamilton."
Colonel Martin V. Moore.
Charles H. Miller.
LEAVENTVORTH, Karv».. Sept. 2.—
Charles H. Miller died to-day at the home
of his daughter, Mrs. Lindsay, at Fort
Leavenworth. He was a noted character
in the early days of Kansas and waa
ITnited States Marshal under President
Grant.
The Day's Dead
MYSTERY OF
MURDERS AT FOLSOM
Continued from First Page.
HUGH B. GILROT was a short time ago a business man of Petaluma. He
left that city to go to Nevada. He passed through Reno on the morning of
August 20, en route to "Winnemucca. He worked two days, when ho was
arrested and thrown into jail on the charge of insanity. Sheriff McDeid
of Humboldt County took the man to Reno on August 25 and committed
him to the asylum. Superintendent Patterson said the man was not insane,
but delirious and nearly dead from the effect of wounds. Everything possible
was done at the asylum to save the man's life, but the efforts proved futile.
An autopsy showed that Gilroy died from a bloo dclot on the brain produced
by a blow upon the head by some blunt instrument. The body was covered with
bruises and discolorations, showing evidences of murder.
FORMER PETALUMA BUSINESS MAN "VTHO MET DEATH BY FOUL
PLAT IN NEVADA.
Maximo Malacarne Perishes in Four
Feet of Water Near Swiss-
Italian Colony.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLOVERDALE. Sept, 2.— Maximo Mala
carne, an Italian residing at the Swiss-
Italian colony, three miles below here,
was drowned in Russian River this after
noon near the colony. Malacarne, after a
hearty dinner, went to the river to bathe.
He plunged in and never rose again. The
water at this point is only four feet deep,
and the supposition Is that the bather waa
seized, with cramps. An inquest will bo
held to-morrow, and in. the afternoon the
remains will be taken to Santa Rosa for
interment. ...... ,
ITALIAN BATHER DROWNS
IN THE RUSSIAN RIVER
Cruisei 1 New York at Bar Harbor.
BAR HARBOR, Me., Se-t. 2.— The
cruiser New York, the flagship of the
North Atlantic squadron. Rear Admiral
Farquhar eommamler-in-chief. anchored
in the outer harbor west of Bar H. rbor at
1 o'clock this morning after a day and
night run in clear weather from Newport.
Tho other ships comprising tho squadron
to arrive to-morrow arc the Texas, In
diana. Massachusetts. Kentucky find
Kearsarpt». The -Dolphin may also join
the squadron. Rear Admiral Farquhar
will order all his vessels to anchor out
side Bar Island, leaving the inner har
bor clear for the guests, the British
squadron, which is expected to arrive
Tuesday morning. The hotels and cot
tages are gay with British end Ameri
can flags.
Entire Pacific Squadron Will Assem
ble at Santa Barbara Channel
and Act as Stakeboats.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 2.— Orders have
been issued by the Navy Department di
recting the assembling of the entire Pa
cific squadron at Santa Barbara channel,
California, on September 15, to act as
stakeboats during the otficl.il trial of the
battleship Wisconsin. The same require
ments that governed the trial of the Ala
bama will be observed when her sister
ship of the Pacillc Coast is speeded over
the course.
Tho Alabama will be assigned to the
North Atlantic squadron and will remain
attached to that command certainly until
after her final official trial, which will
occur next January.
The torpedo-boats Stringham and Golds
boroiiKh arc nearly ready for trial.
The department has just issued adver
tisements for projected battleships. Bids
will be opened on November 15.
ORDERS FOR THE TRIAL
TRIP OF THE WISCONSIN
Mr. and Mrs. Henry C. Rammers of
St. Helena Give a Reception in
Honor of the Event.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. HELENA, Sept. 2.— Mr. anfi Mrs.
Henry C. Hammers of this place cele
brated the fiftieth anniversary of their
marriage on the 29th of August at St.
Boniface Church, San Francisco. Last
evening at their home at Spring and
Stockton streets, St. Helena, they tend
ered a reception to their many friends
and received the congratulations and good
wishes of all. Mr. and . Mrs. Kammers
went to San Francisco Tuesday evening
and were met at the depot by a delegation
from St. Peters Benevolent Society and
the Catholic Knights, both of which Mr.
Kammers is a member. At 8 o'clock
Wednesday morning high mass was cele
brated in St. Boniiace German Catholic
Church, on Golden Gate avenue, by
Father Maximilian, a-ssisted by Fathers
Augustine and I J hilbert. The couple were
remarried, alter which they received the
well wishes of the throng of people prcs
net. In the evening an elaborate banquet
was served in St. Boniface assembly hall,
by the Catholic Knights. Speeches were
made and many toasts tendered to the
bride and groom of iifty years.
Henry C. Rammers was born at Osna
brueck, Hanover, Germany, September
11. 162S. He attended school until ho was
IS years of age, after which he learned
fresco painting, at which he worked In
many of tho large cities. He came to tho
United. States in 1S4'J and proceeded to St.
Louis to meet his father, only to find
that his parent had died the week pre
vious. Mr. Rammers then went to Louis
ville, where he met Miss Amely Anna
Meyers, to whom he was married in St.
Boniface Church of that city on August
2'.», 1S50. There were born to Mr. and Mrs,
Rammers live children — four boys and one
plrl — of which the youngest two boys are
now living. Early in 1875 Mr. Rammers
came to California for his health, but
returned to his family to celebrate his
silver wedding. In October of the same
year ho arrived with his family in San
Francisco, where they lived for seven
years. Mr. Rammers was one of the
organizers of the San Francisco branch
of^Catholic Knights and was one of the
charter members of St. Boniface Church,
he having been active in establishing the
parish and school, which have since taken
a high standing. In 1SS2 Mr. Rammer?
and family removed to St. Helena, which
place has since been their home.
Bell Out of the Race for Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Sept. 2.— The Democratic County
Centrol Committee met here yesterday
and decided to hold their county nomi
nating convention on August 15. The
primaries will be held on the Sth. Ed
ward S. Bell. Assistant District Attorney
of Napa County, will be nominated at San
Jose for joint Senator for the district
composing: Napa and Lake counties. C.
W. Armstrong of Calistoga will probably
be named for Assemblyman. J. A. Bell
is out of the race for Congress in the
First District.
CELEBRATION OF GOLDEN r
WEDDING ANNIVERSARY
Fr*'"ial Dispatch to Tlie Call
RAIN CAUSES DAMAGE
IN FRESNO VINEYARDS
FRESNO. Sept. S. 2 a. m.— It began to
rain heavily here shortly before midnight
and has continued ever since. It is con
servatlvely estimated that at least 25 per
•cnt of the raitOn crop has been destroyed.
Most "f tho raisins w»-re drying on trays
in the vineyards. Grapes on tho vinos
hhvp also been damaged. Grain and hay in
,-t;icks have also suffered.
.SAX DIEGO, S-pt. 3.— Enough rain to
lay th<* dust fell in this city and vicinity
this mornir.s-
MENLO PARK BAZAAR.
Hon. C. IT. Felton Will President
Opening Festivities.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MENLO PARK, Sept. 2.— The Hon. C.
N. Felton will be the* chairman of the
evening at the opening of the bazaar in
this town Monday evening, and" Horace
Platt will deliver the speech. A splendid
programme ha.* b^cn arranged. The ba
zaar is under the auspices of the Rev.
J'<!i:i Brennan'a parish.
The booths have all l.ecn gavly decor
ated, ihe larJi^s of the church having
been indefatigable in their endeavors to
mako the event a success.
Tuesday evening tho directors of the :
Menlo Park booth, which is undor tho !
presidency of Mrs. Joseph A. Donohoe, |
and Irish booth, in charge of Mesdames |
Duff and Doyle, will entertain their
friends. :
Wednesday evening the ladies of the
Native Daughters* booth, of which Mrs.
Jam^s T. o'Keefe hr.y charge, ami Japan
f-r-e booth, under the management of Miss
Louisa G. Daly; will "be at home" to all
inquire:?.
Thursday evening the icecrr-am booth,
which is looked after liy Mrs. Fitzgerald,
and the soda fountain; of which Mrs.
Harrington has charge, will \:c ojipii.
Thursday afternoon at :: o'clock there
will be a matinee, intended principally
for the children; but t!i<> children are ai
lowf-tt to invite their parents and friends
Friday evening Fair Oaks booth, under
th<» presidency of Mrs. p. W. Selby, and
Sodality booth, din-cted by Miss "Nellie
Casey, will invilr- attention.
Saturday afternoon at 3 o'closk an
oJhfr matinee for the children. Saturday
evening the bazaar will close, and the
rafilinp oST arid auctioning of all articles
remaining over will take place.
•.
BOY KILLS HIS BROTHER.
Fatal Accident Happens While the
Boys Are Hunting.
SPOKANK, Wash.. Sopt. 2.-Jay Carr.
aged 12, was accidentally killed Saturday
afternoon by his 34-year-old brother Burt.
The trasedy took place near the Carr
home6tead at White Mud Lake, three
miles north of Colvllle. Wash. The boys
were hunting. Burt was carrying a riflo
which in some way exploded, the bullet
taking off the top nf Jay's head.
Woolley Speaks at Boise.
BOTSE, Idaho. Sept. 2.— John G. Wool
ley. Prohibition candidate for President,
delivered an address here this evening on
"Christian Citizenship." He devoted him- j
self largely to the duty of voters, saying •.
he admired any party that could organize
church members and liquor sellers to sup
port the *ame ticket. )
Recently Lindsey a titles were approved
by the Mexican Government and Lindsey
proceeded to take possession, but Greene,
through hie employes, resisted, and troopa
were called out to enforce the order of.
the court. At this time litigation arose
with the Cobre Grande Company concern
ing their mines, in the same district, and
Greene, evidently fearing the effect of the
resistance to Undsey's title, ordered It
Mine Claimant Greene Yields to Mex
ican Troops.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Sept. 2.— Information
comes from I-a Cananea. Sonora, that in
the mine ownership controversy between
W; C. Greene and L. Ii. Lindsey the
Greene-Mitchell faction have discontinued
their resistance to the Mexican officials.
"MINING "WAR ENDS.
while endeavoring to catch a street car
is growing worse and his chances for re
covery are now considered very slight. lie
is onlv partially conscious and is with
difficulty aroused to the recognition of
those about him.
— , ?
Napa County Republicans Organize.
Pr^clal Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Sept. 2.— A McKlnley and
Roosevelt Club was organized at
the Courthouse here last night.
It' numbers over 3'JO members. There
was enthusiasm and a largo turn
out of Republicans. T. B. ¦ Hutehinson
was electeil president, Robert Corlett,
secretary, and John A. lmrie, treasurer.
The lion. Judson Brusle of Sacramento
was present and delivered one of the best
speches ever heard here. Frank L.
Coombs and T. B. Hutehinson also de
livered addresses.
Mr. Brusie has also assisted in organiz
ing large Republican clubs at Calistoga
and St. Helena.
Only Slight Hopes for Kecovery of
Los Angeles Lawyer. *
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 2.— The condition
of the lion. Xach Montgomery, who was
stricken with paralysis Saturday morning
tnero (Hoi, J«;nMo (11.), Jen Reid (107), Amasa
(107), Coadale (107); February (99), Herculean
Fourth race, for 2-year-olds, running-, five
plKhths of a mile, selling— IllUminii (10C), Can
rnrre (106), Ravassa (103). Eonlc <10j). Miss
!;. Soanley (MS), War (102), Screen Lake
(103), Carilee <!*).
Fifth race, for 3-year-olds and upward, run
nir.R:. Feven-eiglith-" of a mile, selling;— Abano
1110). lodestar flCT). Sun^llo HOT). Olen Ann
iK'4). Mead Lark (104). Torsi da (101), Anjoo
MM), IJrier Hill (102), Don Luifl (37). Pilot (95)
Hush of Oold O2>. Petal (!»1). Jk McCabe (&1)|
tCickumbob (85), Caesar Young (S3).
MONTGOMEItY SINKING.
from appearances over half a dozen book
mukin;? firms will cut In. The famed Oc
cident stake for trotters will be the fea
ture of the card, for which Eulah Mac Is
an overwhelming favorite. The runners
are renrosented by thre** superb lields.
The entries are as follows:
First rare. Occident stake. Irottlncr. best three
In five— The Roman, Eulah Mac, Tom Smith,
Vendome.
Second race, grepn class, pacinsr, purse JCOO
bc?t *hr*»o In five— The Queen. Maud K. Jennie
S, Enoch; Fredericksburu, Cleon, Tags, Mul
cahy, Zi-.!orh.
Third race, for 3-year-olds and upward, run
ning, three-'iuarters of a mil*-, selling— For-
best ever offered at Agricultural Park.
There are many strangers in town, and
Freclal Dispatch to The Call,
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 2.— The racing
card for to-morrow, the opening day of
the great State Fair moot, is one of the
Order of Racing and the Horses That
Will Compete.
By F. E. Mulholland.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 2.— The Sacramen
to State Fair will open to-morrow, ana
the prospects for its success are more pro
nounced than in many years past.
The opening of the pavilion to-morrow
night Is to be one of the most brilliant in
cidents in Sacramento's history. The
women of Sacramento have bestirred
themselves in behalf of the event and
have perfected arrangements for the pres
ence of all the social clubs and organiza
tions of women. This means the guarantee
of several thousand persons at the outset,
that the fair shall open with vim and
flourish, and It also means that the ex
hibitors will not waste a minute's time in
the preparation and completion of their
booths and show of manufactures and
wares.
Meetings of thf residents of Oak Park
are being held nightly for the purpose of
arranging for Oak Park day at the races
and Oak Park night at the pavilion next
week. It is the intention to purchase a.
solid block of 1000 admission tickets in or
der to accommodate those patriotic sub
urbanites.
While all these preparations are in
progress for the pavilion opening, while
Secretary Peter J. Shields is furrowing his
brow in the ceaseless endeavor tr> accom
modate exhibitors with space when it is
all spoken for, it must not be thought that
the racecourse at the far famed Agricul
tural Park is teing overlooked. On the
contrary, it is the intention to make the
first <lay one of the most notable of the
two weeks' season. On that day the Occi
dent stake, one of the classics in the an
nals of racing in the West, will be con
tested for. The stake is one of the richest
offered the light-harness contingent on
the Pacific Coast. It la confidently believed
from a consideration of the entries that
the winner will have a record not fai
from 2:12. Eulah Mac. one of the entries,
has a record, made at Santa Kosa early
this spring, of 2:19'«, but it is declareo.
that she has frequently done halves in
1:04. Tom Smith, another entry, recently
made a mile easily in 2:18, with speed ana
wind in plenty left. The Roman turner
the Sacramento track not long ago in 2:iri.
Vendome, the fourth racer, has a tine
pedigree, being a grandson of Palo Alto
(2:0SVi.) and Guy Wilkes (2:15Vi). This
event will, it in believed, draw an im
mense throng to the racetrack to-morrow.
The livestock and poultry exhibits,
which are rapidly being put in shape, will
be far better this year than ever before.
Belgian hare and poultry fanciers will
have fine representation, while the dog
show promises to be great in the number
and quality of the display.
The pony race for tiie Prince Poniatow
ski championship cup will be a big af
fair. Several thousands of dollars have
been raised by citizens to enable the Sac
ramento Strte Fair Club to provide vaude
ville and other amusements at the pavilion
on the nights of the fair.
The following well-known Sacramento
women announce that they will be at
home in the reception rooms of the pavil
ion Monday evening next:
Mrs. E. Twltchell. Mrs. It. H. Hawley, Mrs.
E. R. Hamilton. Miss Alice Curtis, Mrs. Albert
IJlkus. Mrs. Waltpr Ijonfrbottom, Mrs. E. Mor
ris. Mrs. E. I. Oalvln, Mrs. B. B. ]>e, Mrs.
J. O. Coleman, Miss Hawk, Mrs. R. P. Burr,
Mrs. F. R. Dray. Mrs. VV. A. FtrlprKs, Mrs. J.
B. Wrlylit. Miss Kthel Twitchell. Mrs. W. F.
W'.ard. Mrs. T. W. Sheehan. Mrs. Klllot. Mrs.
H. Weinstool£ Mr?. OenrKe H. Clark. Mrs. H.
H. Grau, Miss Laura Terry, Miss i?a<lle Breen.
Mrs. E. Vv\ Halo. Mrs. O. Kaufman, Mrs. C.
C Robertson. Mrs. C. T. Barton. Mrs. XV.
Wood. Mies Blanche Twltchell. Miss Hen
rietta Amlriot. Mi.«s Emily Shield?. Mrs. L. F.
Breuner, Mrs. Bail*'-. M«~ Edna Connor, Miss
You::j:. Miss Kelley. Miss Catlln. Miss Mc-
K>*. Mrs. Is. Toz*>r. Mrs. Joseph StcftVns, Miss
Reeves. Mrs. Goddar'1. Miss S.ifford. Mrs. War
rack, Mrs. H. G. Smith, Miss Jennie Snook,
Miss Nellio SMdons. Miss Edith Tufts, Miss
ISirdsall. Mrs. A. J. Johnston, Mrs. E. B. Pur
nell. Mrs. II. E. Wriffht.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
Special Dlsratch to The Call,
Pavilion Will Be Resplendent This
Evening, and the Races for
the Day Will Be
High Class.
Assurance. That the Event
Will Excal AIL Similar
Expositions.
STATE FAIR
AT SACRAMENTO
OPENS TO-DAY
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 2.— The Japan
ese warship Mushashl llaru, which went
around the Kuril Islands in search of the
sealer Hinode Maru, has returned to
Otaru, says the Hakodate correspondent
of the Japan Advertiser, without having
found a trace of the lost vessel or of any
survivors. All hope for the vessel and
that some survivors managed to reach
the islands and winter there, which
impelled the Japanese Government to send
the vessel on her mission of mercy, has
been given up.
The Hinode Maru failed to return with
the other vessels of the Japanese sealing
lleet this spring from her winter's cruise,
and no report was heard of her since Oc
tober u, when she was spoken oft Pera
mushir. It was concluded that she had
been lost in one of the winter gales.
Although the sailors of the vessel were
Japanese, she carried a number of for
eigners in her crew, one of -vyhom, a hunt
er, hailed from San Francisco. He was
Joseph Williams, and was \%ell known to
coast sealing men. Other whites lost on
the vessel were Captain W. J. Wilson of
Scotland and Andrew and Joseph Gon
zales, former British Columbia sealers,
iiut for years residents of the Bonin Isl
anus. The former received a part of the
Bering Sea claim award, and it took the
payees over a year to Ilnd him.
Srecial Pi?ratch to The Call.
Joseph Williams of San Francisco Is
One of the Men Who Went
Down With the
Craft.
No Trace Is Found of Jap
anese Sealing Vessel or
Her Hunters.
HINODE MABU
AND CREW SINK
IN THE OCEAN
VICTIM OF UNKNOWN
NEVADA ASSAILANTS
Hugh B, G5Jroy, Formerly of Petaluma, Who Died
in a Nevada Insaee Asylum From the
Effects of a Beating.
LONDON", Sept. 3.— It is reported that
3>~rd Roberts has issued a proclamation
?<~rraa;:y ar.nexir.g the Transvaal to the
dominions of the British crown. General
Christian IVwet. according to the Dally
Mall's Cape Town advices. Is reported to
Mve appeared along the railway rear
\« Inburg.
A force of Boers under Commandant
Theron broke through the British lines
tnd captured -and burned a supply train
at Klip River* station, taking thirty-five
prisoners. Brabant's Horse proceeded
thither, recaptured all the prisoners and
drove the Boers into the hills.
Color.cl Plutner dispersed a small
commando under Commandant Protorius
¦west of Pinaars FUvcr. capturing twenty
eix Boers, a number of wagons and a
<3'jar.T!ty of cattle aiid rifles.
NEW YORK. Sept. »._ The British
steamer Masconcmo, one of the Hogan
Lire of steamers, arrived to-«iav from
touth Africa, stopping on tho way at l?t.
Jielena and St. Luscia. The Msscmonw
took out to South Africa a cargo of sur
rlies for the British armv from St. John;
>. B.. end has been engaged about three
rnnrnhs in the service. Returning home
<r.f Masconorao stopped r.t St Helena to
rnake a few repairs to her engine. While
there Captain Mann vi?ite.l the camps of
B:*r rpor.crs. He sa u- General Cronje
fcr.d Colonel Sheel and other notabie nri<-
nt St. Helena. They are well ca.red
lor ar.d are made comfortable.
ROBERTS SAID TO HAVE
ANNEXED THE TRANSVAAL
PRETORIA. Sort. L-Mr. Krugw and
Mr. £:ey:i have gone to Barberton. It is
V^l:cved that they are preparing for
filCftt. The general opinion i? that the
v.-i.r is- now very near the end, but should
the Eoers construct strongholds In the
fcttfch, en the veldt or elsewhere and be
rln a rystem of raids the British would
preQuira further large supplies of horses.
General Buller moved fourteen miles
northwestward along the Lydenburg road
a=d crossed the Crocodile River to Ba
cer.for.tein. He found the Boers concen-
Tratinsr in the Crocodile Mountains.
Oeseral Opinion Is That the Wax Is
Almost at an End, but the
Boers Can Still Cause
Sluch Trouble.
Believed That- the Two
Presidents Are Prepar
ing For Flight,
KROGER AND
STEYN ARE NOW
AT BARBERTON
The tug Wallowa, from N'otna, brings
news of the wreck of the dismantled baric
Mercury in Bering Sea. The bark waa be
ing towed to this city by the tug and
sprung a leak in a heavy gale. She was
stripped of some machinery and aban
doned in Cook Strait, whera sh« sank.
She was owned by Captain E. Tl. Calne of
this city, and was sent to N'ome last
June in tow of a tug with coal and a
lumber cargo. She had been condemned;
as a sailing vessel. She waa built forty
nine years ago in New York as a full
rigged ship.
Twenty-one of the crew of the British
steamer Cutch. wrecked on Douglas Isl
and, arrived here to-night on their way
to Vancouver. B. C. They say the steam
er will be a total loss.
Skaguay advices are that the placers of
Porcupine district are turning out rich.
Justice Martin of Victoria is at Skaguay
on his way into the district to settle dis
putes arising between American ininer3
and new British officials forced upon them
by modus vlvenai.
Skayuay printers have formed a union
with seventeen members, the first In
Alaska.
The Yukon iiivt-r steamer Bonanza
King, one of tne fastest in the service,
was wrecked in Fifty-Mile River August
15 by striking a rock. Her fortv-flve pas
sengers and the crew escaped to shore In
safety. A large merchandise cargo la a
total loss. The stearr.er may be saved.
Lord Minto and Consul McCook axe re
ported to have talked long and earnestly
together concerning various Government
matters of high importance. Lord ilinto
is said to ha.ve inquired particularly i:ito
the number of Americans resiuing in iht
Klondike; their business operations; suc
cess or failure, etc.. ami to have profesfad
great astonishment upun learning ttia
tacts from the Consul.
Americans residing in the Klondike aro
reported to be indignant over an Insult
alleged to have been offered United States
Consul J. C. llcCook during the recent
visit to that city of Governor GenenU
Minto. It i3 said that Consul McCoolc
was r.ot invited to attend the reception
tendered Lord Minto and was so obvious
ly ignored that Lord Minto noticed the
fact and insisted on Consul JlcCook/i
pr .sence. The latter was informed of
Lord Minto's wish and came- to tao gatli
ering.
SEATTLE, Sent. 2.— The steamer City
of Seattle arrived to-day from Skaguay
with $700,000 In Klondike gold, consigned
to the Seattle Assay Ofnce. Dawson newa
advices are as follows:
Lord Minto Soothes United Statc3
Consul SlcCook of Dawson,
Whoso Feelings Axe
Euffl-d.
Three-Quarters of a Million
Dollars Arrive From
Northern Mines.
FLOW OF GOLD
FROM PLICERS
OF THE KLONDIKE
DEMAND FOR
AMERICAN COAL
IN GERMANY
England Will Be Unable to
Take Advantage of the
New Rates.
Price of Coal Advances One Mark Per
Ton and Burning of Peat on a
Large Scale Has Be
gun in Berlin.
Mining shares were steady, with unim
portant variations. Rands rose % of a
:><>int for the week.
Gold continues to flow in. Discount
rates, though harder at the beginning of
the week, closed fairly easy; until Monday
'.', per cent, for a wr-ck o't; and on three
months' bills Z% to 2%.
Americans continued dull, owing to
the prospect of Labor day affecting- the
isew York market; but prices closed a
fraction above parity. Southern Pacific
shares rose 'g of a point, Baltimore and
Ohio 'i, Atchlson "4. Erie Vs. Norfolk and
Western hi, and Union Pacific U.
The principal dark spot on the tinajicial
horizon is the possibility of a big Rus
sian loan contractt-d in France. It is
known that Russia needs something like
£40.000.000 to complete the Trans-Siberian
Iiaiiroad, the necessity of which has been
demonstrated during the Chinese crisis.
It Is argued ;hu.t If the Russian Minister
of Finance, M. de Wette. gets the loan, in
addition to supplying Russia •with the
sinews of war In case she should be dis
posed to break the peace, the large
amount secured would enable M. de Witte
to recommence his aummaniac policy of
hoarding gold, thus disturbing the money
markets of the world. On the whole,
however, the week was a good one, prices
improving, although consols lost half a
point.
LONDON. Sept. 2.— The Stock Ex
change was more cheerful last week, ow
ing to the end of the Ta ft' vale railroad
strike, to the. belief that the war in South
Africa is drawing rapidly to a close and
to the probability of the withdrawal of
the allies from Peklr.K. Kusiness, however,
Bhows no signs of revival, although those
who fancy themselves well informed ar
gue that there must be large sums await
ing investment which cannot be held much
longer, and that a boom will soon come,
a feature of which will be the rise of con
sols and other gilt-edged securities.
Dutch and Belgian seaports are now out
stripping the German in the matter of
tonnage. Arrivals at Bremen have in
creased 11 per cent since 1894. and at Ham
burg 24 p«r cent, while the increase at
Antwerp has been 3<J j>er cent: at Amster
dam 41 per cent and at Rotterdam 56 per
cent.
The- Incomes of German railways for
July aggregated 161.000.000 marks, or an in
crease of y.'jmj/.iOO over the returns for
June.
Hamburg's trade with Cuba is reviving,
the imports for 1S99 b<;ing i2,S0O,0(X> marks,
against 6.7iXt.<>00 for 1!*K, and the exports
bi-ing o,&Jtv>>o marks, against 1,700 .WO for
1ST"?.
The Koersen Zeitung remarks: "The
German demand must liepenu upon Amer
ican coal fur the m-xt few months."
Tne situation of the iron market is
somewhat improved. The sheet mills of
Westphalia report increased orders. Ger
many's pigiron production for July was
fis?,7T3 tons, against 6S5.4S4 lor the previous
month.
Tha coal scarcity continues, ajui is much
discussed. An advance of 1 mark per ton
ha* betn made in Silesia. The burning
of peat has begun In Berlin on a
large i-cale. The proposed reduction of
railway freights on Imported coal, as the
papers i»oini out, cannot attract English
coal, owing to its dearness; but will leave
tlie lield open f<;r American coal. The Ber
lin Tagebl&tt says:
"It would be singular if the enterpris
ing Americans should let the present fa
vorable opportunity pass without a pow
erful effort to Increase the coal export."
This improvement in the Boerse was as
sisted by an unusually easy money mar
ket during the monthly settlement. Con
trary to all experiences, rates weakened
during the settlement. The financial
press, contrasting the present situation
with that of last year, when the autumn
demands had already made themselves
strongly felt, predicted that conditions
will remain much more favorable than
they were a year ago. Government funds
ajjain lest moderately durinj. the week.
l-iajik stock gained upon the publication of
more favoruole reports from several small
institutions than had been expected.
BERLIN. Sept. 2.-Last week the Boerse
showed a decided improvement. Interest
was centered chiefly upon industrials, and
particularly upon coal shares, of which
the standard lines showed gains of from
S to 12 points. Iron shares also advanced
upon the reports of a continued improve
ment in the iron trade.
T&E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1900.
"In both in«tnnces the houses were en
tirejy closed up. »vi;h the exception that
one cr>en window was found in each
house, through which the murderer
crarrlfvi. What could have been the mo
tive? On Taylor'r body v/as found his
feiJver watch, tmdlstnrbedj and there was
r-.o indica-tJon of robbery at cither place.
Both men wert- weil liked in Folsom and
hed the reputation of honest men, who
paid their bills. I think the crimes must
have been committed by prime Insane man.
"We could find no traces of footsteps lead-
Ing to the open window at either the Car
k»»nter or Perazzo place, but this was not
Vxange. as the earth and grass are so dry
at this time of the year. I think It is a
elng-ular coincidence that both men were
found In corresponding sections of the
houses, though a mile apart. There waa
la neither case the slightest evidence of a
structfe."
"There 5s absolutely no clew." said the
Shrrifr '.« The Call'* correspondent to
night. "Tt i? nr.e of th" strangest cases I
have h^rird of. In each Jnstijncc the owner
of the r;;!ii^ w.tm n?f in the mountain 1 ;
with his pfteor, an< the murdered m<=h
TTP ' I> ih»» only fines on the premises.
Hans Raxmussen; on the William Car
pe'TVr p!» f e. and William Taylor, on the
Joseph JV-r.izzo place. The ranches are
In th» same locality and the house in
•which Rasmuwn was murdered is about
on« rc1!e from that in which Taylor was
found a corpse. >/!?/Zt
IS IT A MADMAN'S DEED?
Sheriff Johnson of Sr.cramento In
clines to That Theory.
EpecUJ Virpalrh t-t Th» Call.
BAdUSIESTO. Sept. 2.— Sheriff John
foti. who \-|<ited the scene of the irysterf
oua murden near PolFora, can offer no
thi^ry in the case other than that the
murder? wfre the acts of a madman.
The fact that Taylor's body wtlb fully
cla^. coat and vest, give* rise to
the belief that he must have b«»en killed
r.t r.is'.-t. aftrr his day's labor wss over.
The fact. also, that Rasmussen's body
vss more <ierr>ir.rr,=ed than that of Taylor
•would indicate that he had been killed be
fore Taylor was.
R. A. Frenrh. th" ne.TJ-est r»!s:h!vr to
the Perazzo ranch, stated that he ?aw
Ta}"!or as late as Thursday l3=t.
After htarin? all the evlder.ee obtpJnable
ths Cowmer*« Jory rendered a verdict of
"d^ath from bullet wounds at the hands
Of a party or riartk-s unknown."
Antecedents of the Dsad.
Little is known of Taylor, as it Is the
f^rst year he bad •rorked for the Pemzzo=.
H<» waB an r;nK"rhmsn about 7ft yeftrs of
r:ce. and before coming lx>re mined near
< 'Izrkf vilie. in El Dorado County, for a
year or po.
Hars Rnsrmipsen -was a Swede, and had
worked for TA'i!llf m Car;»eriier for n.bout
five year*. H*> was about Z7> years of age
p.h'i a Ftc.Tdy and hntastriohji man.
IVrazzo Brothers and William Carpenter
run !arg-e dairi'»s about thr'*? miles from
¦pojporn. and range their cattle In th<?
rrvuntpJrs, leavtn? some, one to look after
:hr'.T placts during their abspr.ee.
KasmuEsen Also Shot.
Th*"y found the wound? r-n Taylor, as
deECribea 1 . ard then closely examined the
body cf Eafraufr,. Tt wa.= found th».t he
had aJ«o been sh<">t three times. "Two cf
the bunets bad entered Rasmussen's fore-
Vc Ed, the points of rntrance being about
' r, inch and a half apart, and one piercej
his left sJc!^. Any nr.f of the wounds
wtruld have proved fatal.
The officer rrturr.<-d to Fol^om and
awfiircil :h» c^minpr nfi tho PheiilT. the
Coroner BJOd Um District Attorney. "\Vh<--n
•Y.<--- ftrrlved The entire party, aecom
--- r". by several others, summoned to
rt-r\e as tie Coroner** Jury, ¦went to the
ti-r.r.zs of the Tr.-i^»»ilie?.
As EOoa a? Donnelly jtot Into the vicin
ity of the hou=e on the Carpenter ranch
Y.p noticed a terrible Ftench, apparently
from the dwelling: He waJko<l
¦round the houp? and, as was the cas*
at ;he Perazzo hoii5<». h^ found all the
doors and wfndotrs fastened oxcrpt the
Idtcbra window. A«> h«» rnfppd that he
wu nearly overcome by tfrf awful odor.
He finally entered ar.«* fo^r.d the body of
Rksnitissen lying r.oar the stove. De
composition had s<-t !n acd Donnelly was
~.r.h.Y,]p- xr> ascertain 'he manner of the
fw^'f '3<T!h. Th^re w«n? no weapons
on the p'ace. the houfe had also beor
ran?ack< d.
Trror.g orer there. The off.eer again went
c *r!r. cf Investljraiion.
Monterey Republicans Organize.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 2.— The Repub
licans of this city have organized for
work In the coming campaign. Last night
they formed a club that is to be the nu
cleus of Republicanism in this city. The
club is to be known as the McKlnley and
Roosevelt Club and has begun its career
with over one hundred active members.
The officers elected are: President. Judge
J. A. Pell; secretary, R. C. Worries.
Sick Stocktonian Survives the Crisis
of His Illness and Is Rap
idly Recovering.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Sept. 2.— II. K. McNoble,
grand orator N. S. G. W.. who was re
ported critically ill last nisht. is much
Improved to-day and his friends expect
to see him out In a few days. The at
tack of congestive chills was severe while
it lasted, but once the danger point was
passed he began to mend rapidly.
GRAND ORATOR M'NOBLE
PASSES DANGER POINT
Flees With TJnion Funds.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Sept. 2.— A dispatch
from Jerome says: Richard Bell, treas
urer of the Miners' Union there, has ab
sconded with all the fund3 of the union,
amounting to about $500.
3
n :^fi^?^^^^i$^^t^&^ As our Remodeling Half- Price p
3 ' S^Sfl^Si^^ %1 Sale ends next Saturday night you %
1 W$$M$l 105$:£f . M had better buy right away. Don't j|
m S& AnaJjttM&i:?? #* if wait too long— if you want to se- M
H p|^!f3&[ *^^' &^ffi&$&?0^ .V%^ 99 cure an y °f these values : &£
W %Y&5£'£$'M , fi**' <h i &f Ready-made cheviot suits, worth $12.50, for 14-
l^WsS^^iil' Jl $6.85 I
§! *&y-"$ j\ J\ $& Ready-made fancy cheviot suits, worth $15.00, $
I ' I '[ K II WJJ I) In K^ >3W M Made-to-order suits, worth $13.50 and $15.00, ff,
Si J 1 I i^X/fUliR tl \S" r il nou ' to ** had £or I
|j ' it) ! (j U I ii kjf' si Youths' suits, once sold at $7.50, $8.00 and ffh
§¦»* ii I I 11 1 ! Hi $9.00, now reduced to / Kg
I I ill' ill ft" - I $5-85 I
:0: j I I Ail i' &%£ Good soft and stiff $2.00 hats for . tfei
' W. W '§ 1 I !l I *J? ' yS&'~' 8$ f caps> ma(^ e f rom tailoring remnants, ;V<
8iH l»l ' I 1 IPS? 1 15coch;3,o,25c I
ft Illllif I i ylf I II 1 ! ¥'M& M Percale shirts ' fa!I st >' Ie3 - Iai «t designs and £?
Si TUT » I \m 'I i y^P? SI cdIors ' ¦ ' ci nn 3
H l ' ' ifii III /III \ur£&$fs; |8 3>I-U0 each &
II 1 I Kl ' mi ft Mil llf?^v^V^-* Wi ood f° ur - bit and six-bit golf shirts, now re- '¦>
1 Ljfl I H' IPW^ S 35c eoch n
&£ Ml 1 I Iwr 1 !' '&&'/£*£ sfj Sale ends Saturday night at II o'clock. ' ." ' KCAMFOMTEANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2.-Dr. A E T^
ensberger of San Francisco iV at thZ
5K- cSSr KIdd of San
General Otis has given a remarkably hopeful view
of the situation in the Philippine;:. He says everv
Filipino who is captured has in his possession an
/Vmerican newspaper.
Three men. accused of assault to murder, were re
leased unconditionally the other day in the Police
Court by consent of their prosecutor?. The injured
gentlemen must have felt that no injury would have
been inflicted on the public if the charges had been
those of murder.
An ominous danger signal has been sent broadcast
through the cities and States of the Middle West. Th 2
dispatches announce that Bryan is still in good voice.
The robbery of the body of a dead saloon-keeper a
few nights ago by ghouls had at least the advantage
of being more expeditious than a similar process
which has worked successfully in our Probate courts.
Kelly, Crimmins and Herrin are probably begin
ning to realize that the horizon of decent politics is
broader than the area of a cheap groggery. The re
turning board has set a pace little to the liking of the
interesting trio. .
Colonel E. A. Forbes, who waa chair
man of the latest Republican convention
is a guest of the Grand.
A. L. Thompson and Z. W. Smith. lea«3
ing merchants of Baltimore, are sues?
tip Paiace - They are herc ™ iT^ssa
T. M. Spofford. a prominent merchant
of Kansas City, accompanied by his wlfa
Is at the Palace.
Dr. Joseph Farley, one of Philadelphia's
most prominent physicians, ia stayine at
the Palace.
B. Well, a well-known merchant of
Modesto. 13 at the Grand, accompanied by
his family.
Dwight Holllster, a prominent vineyard
1st of Courtland, is registered at the
Grand.
G. A. Bottsford. a prominent fruit
grower of Vlsalia, is a guest of the Lick.
"W. B. Coombs, a -well-known lumber
man of Little River, is at the Llek. *
E. S. Eabcoek. manager of the Hotel
Coronado, is registered at the Palace.
C. H. Chively. an Oroville banker, la at
the Grand.
X. J. Dickey, a banker of Fresno, Is
staying at the Lick.
T. A. Herder, a well-known mining man
of Sonora, is at tho Lick.
C. G. Lamberson. a leading lawyer of
Visalia. is staying at the Lick.
J. S. McBride, a North San Juan mlnlc
man. is registered at the Lick.
J. F. Clack, a big mining man of San
Andreas, is a guest of the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Some ugly stories of undue severity and
evident favoritism comes from the Brit
ish scuadron in the Mediterranean. A
17-year-old hoy on the cruiser Diadem was
hauled up for swearing at the ship's cor
poral, and after having been kept a pris
oner for several days was sentenced to
receive twenty-four strokes with a birch.
The punishment was so severe as to bad
ly mutilate him. and the boy was in a
fainting condition when cast loose. The
crew considered the boy as being light
headed and hardly responsible for his
acts. A second incident was on the cruis
er Flora, where a marine was sentenced
to two years' hard labor for striking a
sergeant. The latter a short time after
kicked and abused a private, for which
oTe & P o U o n d S e h o m na n u t etVadg 8 e imPly the loss of
every government. He contrasts the
British system with that of Germany, in
which latter country science is placed in
the foreground instead of being relegated
to the background. Altogether Professor
Perry's address is not very pleasant read
ing to the British public.
Professor Perry in a recent article In
Nature severely criticizes the system of
education in the British, navy, which ho
charges makes little or no provision for
scientific training of the kind that Is like
ly to be of service in after Hfe. and the
professor is very severe on the "clever
lenorant men" who represent any and
A coast defense ship of 59S2 tons Is to be
built at the Admiralty yard at St. Peters
burg for the Russian navy. The dimen
sions are: Length, 341.5 feet; breadth, 59
feet, and only 17.25 feet draught. The en
gines are to be of 7000 horsepower, to give
a speed of sixteen knots and the coal
supply to suffice for 750 knots at full speed
and 2100 miles at eight knots. Tho armor
is 7 inches and the battery consists of six
S-lnch. sixteen 3-pounders and four tor
pedo tubes.
Russia has ordered five 150-ton torepo
boats from tho Xewsky Engineering
"Works at St. Petersburg-. They are to be
of the Cyclone typo built by Nor
mand at Havre in 1S9S, which was 144.2
feet lengrth, 15.2 feet beam, 10 feet draught
and displacing 132 tons. A speed of thirty
knots is claimed with only 4200 horse
power. The proposed Russian boats will
cost about $125,000 each.
The active list of the Austrian navy Is
composed of 1 admiral, 2 vice admirals, 6
rear admirals, 17 captains, 64 comman
ders, 190 lieutenants, 191 sub-lieutenants.
ISO cadets, 7410 warrant officers, petty of
ficers and seamen and 420 boys. For shore
service alone thsre are 68 officers, includ
ing one rear admiral and two captains.
WE WORLD'S WARSHIPS
The British torpedo-boat destroyer
Dove, built at Hull, had a three hours'
full power trial August 9. The contract
called for uSOO horsepower and thirty
knots speed. The averape realized on the
trial was 5S02 horsepower and 29.23 knots.
One manager of an important firm of manufactur
ers declared men will not accept the .waist because it
is*too feminine in appearance. lie also stated a fact
which may show why the factories will not encourage
the trade. He is quoted as saying: "A man does
not want to wear a garment that will make him look
at nil feminine and certainly some of the waists seen
recently give that appearance. Furthermore, these
waists would be .very hard to fit. I took the measure
of a number of men recently and it would be sur
prising to note the great difference there was in the
length from the shoulders to their waists. We would
be receiving complaints constantly about misfits, etc.,
for which we would not be at all responsible. A
woman would take the trouble to have her. shirt waist
altered, but men want to buy something they can \vear
and would not go to all this bother. It can be readily
The reasons given for doubting the general accept
ance of the shirt waist are numerous. A good many
of the manufacturers hold that the new garment is too
revolutionary and that men will never take kindly to
it. Men will wear coats, they argue, from custom and
conventionality and only those who arc always look
ing for novelties and fads will venture upon the inno
vation. Others maintain that even if men decide
to discard the coat during the hot weather of mid
summer they will prefer the shirt to the shirt waist.
One of them asked: "How many men will wear a
tucked or plaited waist through the streets of New
York?" and he answered his question himself by
saying, "There may be a few ultra-swell men and
sports who will order a few from the custom shirt
makcrs and they may also sell in very cheap goods,
but otherwise there will be no demand for them."
The Commercial has canvassed the leading manu
facturers of shirts and has found that all of them will
have shirt waists for men among their samples for
spring goods next season, but most of them believe
the demand will not be large and that the trade will
not amount to much. One of them is quoted as say
ir.g: "If the trade wants shirt waists we will furnish
them. Most of the firms are making up samples and
will send them out as an experiment, but no one will
make up any large stock in advance of orders. It
may be a fad that will take and it may not."
IH^ ROM the New York Commercial it is learneo
that the proposal to adopt shirt waists as a part
of male attire during the summer has aroused po
much interest that every shirt manufacturer in that
city is overwhelmed with letters asking for informa
tion about the new style of garment. The letters, it
is said, come not only from large cities and summer
r(forts r but from the smallest villages and places sup
posed to be unaffected by the passing fads of fashion.
Thus it appears the whole Eastern part of the country
hns been interested in the new movement.
THE SHIRT WAIST TR0DE.
When better facilities for transportation are pro
vided there will be an immense market for fresh Cali
fornia fruit in all the British cities. Even now the
trade is an increasing one and it will be seen from
the report we have quoted that California fruit is the
favorite. We have established the brand and it carries
the trade. By and by we may establish a similar de
mand for California wine. London will not be afraid
to take it up simply because it lacks a French label.
Thus the severely hot season may be working out a
benefit for us in more ways than one. Season after
season let us hope the Cockney vender may have occa
sion to cry, as the Gazette reports him: '"Ere y'are,
r.oble marquis, Californy cherries, a penny a bag,
enough for to squench y'r noble thrist an' leave some
good 'tins still for the little marquizzics at 'ome. Sold
again, an' got the money."
It is to be hoped that, having been started on a fruit
diet by the hot weather, the good folks of London will
stick to it with a true British pertinacity. We say this
not only in the interest of fruit producers, but of con
sumers. It is gratifying, moreover, to learn that the
favorite fruit goes by the name of "California cherry."
Ii is to be doubted, however, whether the genuine
California dainty can be sold there at tuppence "a 'art
pahnd" by even the most enterprising street vender,
but that is a side issue. The good citizen is benefit
ing London and advertising California fruit at the
same time and both of those things arc commend
able.
¥ ONDON has met the extraordinary heat of the
j summer by taking to fruit-eating on a scale
— * never before known. The Westminster Gazette,
in describing the rush of people in the city for the
fruit stalls during the hot days, says: "Icecream has
lost its vogue somewhat, owing to suspicions of bacilli
in the eggs, and so in the blaze the hot man's fancy
lightly turns to William pears. Ludgate Hill, the
center of the city's peripatetic trade, has become an
orchard of early apples and glossy plums, while the
l.-itest delicacy is "California^ cherries, gents and lidios,
just the very sime as y! p'ys two bob a pahnd for in
Coyin Garden — 'ere tuppence a 'arf pahnd, me Lord.'
And when the thirsty passerby lingers, doubting the
propriety of buying in such style, he is encouraged by
the kindly assistant, who remarks, 'I'll put 'em in
r.cwspipcr for y', captain, an' you kin stow 'cm in y'r
'at.' "
FRUIT EATING IN LONDON.
Since The Call made its expose of the dishonest
tiafnc in the importation of Chinese the wretched
business of the brokers has fallen off 75 per cent.
Even the Federal authorities can understand the les
son of such a result.
Members of the Irnquois Club, affectionately
known as old squaws, are divided over what patriotic
hymn they shall sing. It might not be a bad com
promise for them to sing a song they know best.
How would that refreshing melody, "Things Are Not
What They Used to Be," suit the club?
MRS. JOHN BIDDLE (Ethel Mur
phy) in all the dignity of her
young matronhood. is in town.
She and her charming young
husband are the guests of her people, at
their elegant home out on Pierce street.
The wave of parental disapproval that
swept round the young couple and somer
what marred the sweet bliss of their court
ship days has entirely disappeared, ana
now never were two men mftre congenial
than John Biddle and his distinguished
bank-president father-in-law. Since their
arrival in town the Biddies have been the
recipients of many social courtesies, a
thing that is by itself neither remarkable
nor astonishing. Mrs. Biddle as a young
girl was extensively entertained — and
never failed to return the many attentions
she was privileged to enjoy. Her past
season in Washington is one long list of
social triumphs, won by reason of the
magical Biddle name and her own charm
ing personality, tact and savoir faire.
Mr. and Mrs. Biddle are to remain here
until November, and many affairs are
being arranged in their honor. Last week
the distinguished "Washington couple were
the guests of the Josselyns at their coun
try place at Redwood.
* * •
"How do your women manage to look
so stunning in that most trying of all
C0 T°iaTis a what an inquisitive Eastern
visitor, who had experienced that wonder
ful hospitality for which California is
renowned, asked me. I did not wonder at
hi* nuest'on' it was the most natural ono
in the workl. He had met Lillie Follis.
airv and fairy with her gold framed
Madonna face, and her beautiful sister-in
law Mary Kell Gwin-Follis, tall and
willowy, with face and tlgure that re
minds ono of the sweet-scented poems of
the Orient— and Mrs. Genevieve Martin,
our o% i Gibson girl, and quite without
exception the handsomest woman in a
city that is fast becoming famous for its
bewitching beautiful femininity.
And they "look well in black." I should
say so. They would look well in sack
cloth, .v -•-'¦•„¦:-:
Mr. and Mrs. Raoul-Duval (Beatrice
Tobiii) have gone to New York, where
they expect - remain over the fall and
through the winter season. The absence
of the Duvals will be regretted. Duval Is
such an all-round good fellow and splen
did snortsman and Mrs. Duval showed
such "unusual possibilities of developing
into that rarest of all rare creatures, a
perfect chaperon.
• * •
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sullivan have pone
on to Europe to meet their sister. Miss
Another Californian musical fronton who
spent the «5timmer with relatives h<?r« Is
Marshall Glselmnn, sr,n of Mr. and Mrs
William GIselman and hrother of Mrs*
"Bell" Lavy. Young GIselman left ort
Monday last en route to London, whero
he will devote another year to his musical
studies. The yount? fallow's talent lies in
the direction of the onran and hfa work
on that responsive instrument ia said by
those competent to judge to b« something
phenomenal. SALLY SHARP.
Alice Coleman, whr> for the past thre*
years has been studying vocal music un
der SebriHe in Paris, raa just returned
to the srav capital, after a six weekV
v'plt to her parents. Mr. and Mrs. Cha"!*-*
S« ff" ar V, • V li3 . Cit^'- Allce h anot^r
California cirl of whom we are shortlv
to be very proud. She has a magniflermt
contralto voice, and after another yoar of
study she i-5 golns to make her debut In
grand opera Ml?s Coleman has trio
barking of Al Hayman. who ta a warm
friend of her family, and he will *cq that
the Calif oinlan will be properly launehr-i
:n the operatic world. 'I hose who h<vtr-i
Miss Colomaii sing du.-lrjr her recent vls't
here are unni.mious in th<>ir praise, a'.i
for the young artist herself, she h.13 lit
tle to ray. save "I'm worklnsr hard"—
f:nd her friends wh*-n asked about her
voie?» declare "She made us cry."
Walter S. Martin i.=> homeward bonnd
frcm abroad. He came across on the
record-breaking trip of the Oceanic,
reaching New York on Tuesday last. In
less than six days from Liverpool. I dM
not know It, but It appears the dear boy
is on the Governor's now. and all of
us girls will have to call him "colonel "
His* full title is Lieutenant Colonel, but
it Is only necessary to call him thus when
we address him In writing. Let's set in
rractiee so as to let the "colonel" comn
trippingly from our tongues. Lieutenar v
Colonel Walter 3. Martin is expecte ;1
home about "Wednesday of next wcelr. •
• • •
But of all the wanderers, the ono that
struck me man foicil-ly is Mra. Downev
Harvey; Svelte, slender and sylphlike!
How did s.he dr. it? My. isn't it becoming
tti her, tool Mrs. Harvey never was, I
v.i.l admit, what the vulgar would be in
clined to term fat. but embonpoint— that
H a term that use! to fit her exactly.
P.ut now— well. I wager that many of
you who fee I you are just a few too many
inches around am already in consulta
tion with the lady.
have allowed of the returnee? wanderers
lo display some of th<-ir finery designed
especially for the piazzas of th»- fashiona
ble seaside hotels. A stunning gown I
saw the other day was worn by Mi?3
Ethel Hager. It w*?.s a soft black silic
with Rtrat white pr.lki dntf. The only
bit cf rol.ir effeet wr.s wrought by mean.-*
of a (la«h of m»s»nf« ¦vclvet-a.c the t»<*e!«
of the flurry white- tulle collar.
Autumn \s here and summer Is over
and everybody is back, once more, to
town. The few warm days we have had
A certain well-known throat specialist
has been In continual attendance upon
Henry Miller since his advent in this city,
ten weeks ago. "When Miller began his
production of "The Only Way" ho found
it necessary to have the doctor come to
him in his dressing-room to treat his
throat just before the great third act.
the act that has played s»uch havoc with
the actor's vocal cords. The doctor
came at the first call. He saw and was
conquered. Ever since he has been at
the theater, not only for the third act,
but for all. including the prologue. Mr.
Gottlob will not believe that it was
Miller's welfare alone that occupied the
medical man's attention. "It's the stage
fever," said the manager, "that brought
the doctor to the star's dressing-room
for such long visits." and by the way
that astute man snickered when he told
me H I feel confident that he believes the
specialist has stage ambitions.
« * •
The home that fa being erected for Mr.
and Mrs. "Jimmie" Klood on Broadway
is going up with remarkable rapidity. It
Js to be, so I have been told, the exact
counterpart of the home of Mr. and Mrs.
A. Roos on Jackson street. Just before
Flood purchased the Dnnohoe house and
lot on Broadway he and his bride went
through the Roos home, which had just
been completed. The Floods admired so
very much the residence of rthe clothier
that they became possessed with the idea
that they would like to purchase the Roos
home just as it stood — house and lot and
furniture. The young millionaire made
Roos an offer— a cool JSO.OOO— but It was
refused. Mrs. Roos declared that no
money could pay her for the time and
thought she had given to the planning
and the furnishing of her home. Now
the Floods have rented the Freeborn
house on Jackson street. They will move
in on the first of October and will reside
there till their new home la ready for oc
cupancy.
Mrs. Genevleve Goad-Martin Is chaper
oning Mamie McXutt. and together they
have gone to Xapa Scda Springs for a
short period of rest, -without recreation.
Addie Murphy has been visiting the Hol
brooks at Menlo Park. Mr. and Mrs.
Walter Dean (Emily Hager) have been
at Castle Crag-. The Hoopers have been
entertaining considerably down at their
Burlinsrame cottape. During the past few
days Marie Wells has been the guest of
Rose Hooper.
Mollie Phelan. JIls3 Phelan, I under
stand, whose health Is not of the best,
is completely prostrated over the death
of her friend and companion. Miss Annie
Small.
The local markets exhibit few features worthy of
remark The export trade of the port continues good
and the distributive trade to local and coast points is
fully up to expectations. Price fluctuations are few
and narrow as a rule. The grain markets have weak
ened off somewhat during the week, and dried fruits
are quieter, but. for the satisfactory reason that most
of the choice fruit has been already sold and the de
mand for lower grade goods is never very sharp, ex
cept in limes of marked scarcity. The belief in good
prices for dried and canned fruits later on is general
and holders are therefore not pressing the market.
• The demand for iviiie grapes is good at high prices.
Provisions nre slow, but steady. Quotations for live
stock keep up and cattle and sheep continue good
property: In fact, almost everything the fanner raises
is bringing good prices this year, which explains the
general prosperity of the State. Money is abundant
and money-lenders say that the only difficulty they
encounter is to find good loans for their surplus capi
ta!. Several years ago it was just the other way—
the toirower was on the anxious seat, for capital was
shy Lnd would loan nothing except on the most gilt
edged security and then at rates which it cannot
obtain to-day. Then real estate was a dead letter as a
loan:rg proposition: now good real estate, city or
country, finds not difficulty in getting a loan if it is
needed. Times have changed.
growth."
A glance at the loans made by American capital on
foreign account during the past eighteen months
Ehous the grounds for this rather sweeping statement.
They are as follow?: Mexican Government. $25,000,
000 ct 5 per cent; Russian Government. $10,000,000 at
4 per cent: English Government — (think of it!) —
S_S'.fXK).ooo at 3 l /i per cent; city of Montreal. $3,000,
ooo at 3 2 per cent: Swedish Government, $io.ooo ; -
000 at 4 per cent. These loans aggregate $76,000,000,
to say r.nthing of the large gold loans made to
French 3nd German banks for private account. In
this connection Henry Clews, the well-known New
York financier, says: '"We have witnessed a most
extraordinary development in our foreign trade,
chiefly because we are now able to manufacture for
the world's markets; and. finally, we find ourselves
lenders of money to nations in all parts of the world
as a natural sequence. Ten years ago the man who
had the courage to predict such things would have
been considered a fit candidate for the lunatic asylum;
y they are accomplished realities and indisput
imony of a vigorous and continuous national
Wall street continues dull. The public still hold;
aloof and the professionals arc apathetic. Prices for
the leading stocks run along from day to day without
much change. The most interesting feature in the
mon» y market for some time is the appearance of
Sweden as a borrower of $10,000,000 on her 4 per
cent bonds. This is still another indication that the
United States is becoming the money lender of the
v ;ir!d and that it is slowly but surely driving Eng
land <>ut of the field." Indeed, a well-known Chicago
banker says: "The United States has become the
' credit nation of the world. She is not surpplanting
England — she has already done so."
WHILE the bank clearings and failures of the
country did not make a very favorable showing
last week, the former falling oft 2i.8per cent from
last year and the latter numbering 165 against 131 last
year, the reports from different sections were gener
al!}- favorable. They roted a perceptible increase in
the distributive trade :n many lines, such a? dry good-;,
clothing, shoes, hats, hardware, iron and steel. The
latter line continues more or less irregular. Some
producers are so anxious to book orders ahead that
they are accepting low prices, while others, more
sanguine of the future, are refusing to take orders,
claiming that present prices are too low and that they
will advance before long. Some iron centers report
increasing business at hardening quotation?, while in
other districts mills are closing down. The general
export demand for iron and steel, however, continues
good Cotton and wool are quieter and weak, with
manufacturers buying only to satisfy immediate wants.
Otherwise the merchandise markets are devoid of
feature.
WE ARE FLOURISHING
These papers fairly represent the prevailing opinion
of the Democracy of the South. If now Bryan should
be elected what could he accomplish in the face of a
Congress controlled by Democrats, a majority of
whom would be from the South. Any intelligent man
studying the situation will perceive that the whole
Bryanite campaign is a farce and that it can mean only
disturbance to' the industries of the country- The
leaders of his party agree upon nothing and anything
like a definite policy of action in office would be im
possible.
"The South in the present Presidential campaign
is running contrary to its every practical interest for
the sake of tradition and a party name. There is
nothing in Mr. Bryan's policy which commends itself
to Southern wisdom and far-sightedness. Should the
South look well to its own future it would take a pro
gressive view instead of clinging to political memor
ies of the moldered past and tying itself to hurtful
policies for the sake of a mistaken temporary expedi
ency which not only ignores the best interests of so
gr-cat a section, but also goes counter to the best prin
ciples and traditions cf the party in whose name the
incongruous elements of Bryanism are working."
Such expressions are emphatic enough, but after all
they do not strike the nail fairly on the head. The
statement of the Constitution is but an evasion of the
irsue. That of the Commercial-Appeal casts scorn
upon the Democratic platform, but stops at the can
didate. The Nashville American has the courage to
tarry the argument of the South to its logical con
clusion. It says:
The Chattanooga Times takes a similar view of the
issue. It says, "The country has these islands on its
hands to have nnd to hold," and that it "will aid no
party in efforts to embarrass the Government in man
aging them for the best interests, first of the Union
and second of the islands and peoples." The Mem
phis Commercial- Appeal says: "There is no such
thing as imperialism contemplated by any party.
Legitimate and necessary expansion is an accom
plished fact; "talk of imperialism is arrant nonsense,
r.nd nonsense cannot be made a paramount issue any
more than an elephant can be made an eel by writing
on its trunk, 'This is an eel.' Tennessee's coal, iron
and cotton must find p market in the Orient and the
people should be educated up to the point where they
can see the utility a«d benefits of expansion."
Not long ago the Atlanta Constitution said: "As
we have pointed out in these columns, time and time
again, it is preposterous to suppose that any sensible
Democrat ever entertained the idea that the United
States could afford to shirk the responsibilities thrust
upon them by the fortunes of war. In matters of
such large import as the occupation of these- islands
by the Americans, we do not believe in accident. The
event is providential in its nature; it means some
thing more important than the wisest man can now
foresee. Whatever it may mean, it certainly did not
and does not mean that we are to turn these people
over to their own untrained and undisciplined political
desires, or to become the prey of European rapacity."
DOWN South the Democrats are taking Bryan's
anti-imperial issue as a bitter medicine. More
over, they arc protesting, even while swallow
ing, that in their judgment it will not be wholesome.
Some of them vow it is not Democratic at all and a
goodly host of them ridicule the whole thing.
BRYAN AND THE SOUTH.
MONDAY SEPTEMBER 3, 1000
JOHN U. bPRLCKELS, r-topnetor.
/dd'ess A'l Commuiicaions to W. G. LEAKE, Manager.
MA> Aai'.IfS «l Tirn Telej»liono Pre«» 2O4
flULJCATIOH OFFICE.. JMnrW.I mid Tklrd. 3. F.
Telephone l'rcus ilOl.
LIIIK'IU.U. ROOSIS....Z17 In 221 Stevenson St.
1 i-ii s> ::<•!!<• I'rrn* — <•— .
Delivered t»«- rnrrlern. I!» fcn(« Per WerU.
Mitirle Coplr". Ti Ceitlw.
Term* to Mull. Inriuilin? I'Oltacri
:>AJT.T <\AT.1» (including Pur'isy). r.v.- yr.ir .$* .*)
DAILY CALL <ire!u.*.lrc P'jn.layl. f. months 31. *)
DATLT CAIA. flnc!adias Sunday). 3 months J.W>
;>A".!.V CALl^-Hv Sine',* Month 61-
UNI'AT CAI.I, On* Y»ar 1.S3
WKFKLY «"ALX, One Year 1.00
Ail pan: umttct « nre nathnriretl lo receive
«il>»>-ri;ifioii«.
£*anrl<? occie» mill l.< iorwarded when requested.
*!a!I *ulo=<-r:h<-r" in rra^riri; rhr.ne* of address sh-.uM b»
ii cular to £tv<? both NEW ANL> OLD ADDRESS in orJer
to tnsui.: % proniia «nd correct rompl'.ance with their request.
"tKUMI OFFICE 11IW Tlrn-xlrr^r
Tlie workingmen will not fail to note, moreover,
that the increase of wages has come in gold and not
in a depreciated currency. It represents an advance
in positive welfare. Furthermore, there has been .1
notable growth in th^ strength of the unions, meas
ured by membership. The American Federation of
Lrbor reports a gain in enrollment in 1899 of 225,000
and all the affiliated organizations have increased, as
is evidenced by the number of charters issued during
the year.
Thus the wbrkingman of the United States find?
himself to-day a more prosperous and a more potent
factor in the nation than ever before'.' This is a work
irgrnan's country and a workingrnan's age. The ob
servance of the day will be shared by the people gen
erally, for in this republic distinctions of the people
into classes are made for statistical purposes only; they
do not affect the social organization in any respect.
Labor day is for all Americans and to-day all will
celebrate it with pri-ie and gratification in the pros
perity and strength of the workers in the shops and
fields and mines.
It is not, however, by such indirect methods that
we find the strongest evidences of the augmented
prosperity of workingmen. The records of the labor
unions bear the most impressive testimony to the ad
vance in wages among workingmen and to their in
creased ability to support and sustain co-operative
rssociation?. Reports of national and international
unions, made in April of this year, showing the per
cent of increase in wages of different trades in 1897,
1 80S and 1899, attest the benefits that have come to
labor direct. Among these reports it may be noted
that for the year iSo'3 the increase in wages of im
portant trades was: Bricklayers and stonemasons, 25
per cent; boiler-makers and iron-ship buildcrs,*25 per
cent: blacksmiths, 10 per cent; brewery workmen, 15
per cent: bookbinders, 25 per cent: boot and shoe
workers. 15 per cent: carpenters, 15 per cent; cigar
makers, 10 per cent; locomotive engineers, 30 per
cent; electrical workers, 25 per cent: iron, steel and
tin workers. 17 per cent; leather workers, 15 pel
cent: meat-cutters and butchers, 25 per cent, ma
ch'nists, 40 per cent: miners. 40 per* cent; paper
maker?, 10 per cent: cotton-spinner?, 12 per cent:
seamen, 3,?. per cent; railroad laborers, 10 per cent:
wood-workers. 15 per tent. It is not worth while to
gc over the whole list. Suffice it to say that not less
than fifty-six of the largest trades in the country
report an increase of wages in 1S99 whose percentages
vary from 3 per cent in the case of glass-workers to
300 per cent in the case of stage employes.
present activity of all lines of industry labor has
found ample opportunities for work and better wagc3
than ever before. Commerce, expanding over every
>ea and in all quarters of the globe, has found new
markets for the products of labor. Finance has been
strengthened by labor's thrift and reports of savings
banks in all parts of the country reveal how large
have been surplus earnings of those who work for
wages:
Evidences of the increasing prosperity of workingmen
can be found in every official report of the industries,
the commerce or the finances of the country. In the
WHEN the workingmen of the United States
take note to-day of the conditions of labor in
this country at this time in comparison with
conditions that prevail elsewhere, or that prevailed
here four years ago, they will find ample reason to
ir.akc the celebration of the day a festival of triumph
and rejoicing. Every class of the American people has
advanced upward and onward since the panic years that
followed 1893. but among the individuals of no class
have the benefits of prosperity been more equally and
more universally divided than among workingmen.
THE ADVANCEMENT OF LABOR.
If the manufacturers do not wish to make them and
men do not wish to wear them it would seem that
the spring samples sent out will serve hardly any pur
pose beyond that of decorating shop windows. It
is worth noting, however, that the same issue of the
Commercial containing the interviews on this sub
ject published also a iociety item to the effect that a
shirt-waist hop had been given at the Belvedere
Hotel at Larchmont ai-d was attended by upward of
200 summer residents and yachtsmen. So whether
the shirt waist has a future or not, it is evidently en
joying a season of glory this year.
seen, therefore, that shirt waists are not the coming
style for men."
Sally Sharp Lips off Some
of the Smart Set's Secrets
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, -MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1000.
MRS. JOHN BIDDLE IN FANCY DRESS.
• •
• •
4
Special Information supplied flafly to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont-
gomery »U .Telephone Main 1M3* »
Tw£? ar £ y f £^°-^ worth <>' articles are
pawned in London weekly.
HOTEL. DEL CORONWDO-Speelal summer
rates still In effect at this beautiful country
home, where summer and winter are one. At
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco get
rates with special round-trip summer ticket.
Best eyeglasses, specs. 10c to 40c Look
out for SI Fourth, front of barber store. •
Icecream by the gallon at Townsend's.*
Pure fruit Juices used at Townsend's. •
Icecream and soda nt Townaend's. •
Orr!<5pntal Hon» Kxr":ar;^^ — Monday. Serternber 3, at 11
O'clock. HorKa. »t 7^ Hr.warxi Ftreet.
By Chase- & SlendeahaU— Three carloads of driving
Cj:<3 draft hnns'rs, at 1722 Market street.
By EtttH c.hn— This day. at 11 o'clock a, m., at i:3 Fell st..
Furniture. Carpets, c-tc.
By B. Watkins— TuesJay. September 4, Horses, at id Mar-
ket ftrr"<-t.
AUCTION SALES.
AHUSEJUENTS.
Tivi->:i — "nrr.aiii."
Alcazar— "The MnsQur radars."
• 'olurabia — "A Great Obstacle."
"r;'.'".i*uir. — Vau.3< vlll".
California— Azza!! Crar.'i Italian Oiwra, S^Ttcinfcpr S.
• irand Opera-house— '"Children of the Ghetto."
njyrrpta. corner Mason and KJdy streets — Sj eeialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
FischM* •— VanflevOle.
A!ta Theater. Grove etrert— "On the Trail."
AJharr.tra— "Ship Ahoy" .next Thursday.
3'aln's Battle .;f San .luan. Folwim and Sixteenth streets.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Sons Ilccital. Tuesday evening, Septem-
ber 4.
Futro Baths — Oren r.ichts.
Ftate Fair. Facnvmrr.t') — September 3 to ir.."liOP Carrabaos." a new side degree of
the Native Son*, was orK.inlzed ycit^rday
by members cf Army and Navy Parlor
No. 207. N. S. G. W. As its name implies,
it' is shrouded In tiie mysteries of the
many sorret nrdf-rs of the Philippine
Archipelago. The officers are as follows:
Itoyal exalted hoy, F. S. Drady; royal px
altfd mann:ia, Martin H. Wilkons; royal
exalted p.TFado manan.i-. R. J. dine; royal
( xaJted manana. pasado rr.an.ina, M. A.
Nathan; *crlptum pronto. Herbert M.
Brace; unleaven dinero, P. L. Badt; el
rapitan do puardia. C. A. Huntor; los tres
Hermartos. James McEvoy, J. W. Ledden
and E. J. Crowley; post No. 1. C. I* Hun
ter; post No. 2. H. L. Auerbach.
Ncvr Native Son Side Degree.
ArA the daily hou»chnld cares demand a mild
tonic Tor th<» hotiMWifa and mothrr. MAI/T
NLTIUNK if lrf»ht nnri easiest taken. Made- by
the Anl-puser-Huyrh Hrowlnc Aar'n. That as
sures its merit. Soli by all druggists.
Motherhood
LOVE laughs at the poorhouse as ,
well as at locksmiths and parents.
a fact proved by Paul Senachan,
three score and ten. and Clara
Sage, forty-two, who were found by^Dan
Cupid while they were living pn~ the
bounty of the city. ¦ '
They left the almshouse hand in hand,
determined to flnd work, to be married
and to live happily, but the accidental
turning on of a gas Jet nearly wrecked
their hopes and destroyed their dream,
and It took hours of work at the Receiv
ing Hospital to bring them back to the
world they were just beginning to enjoy.
Senechan is afflicted with a cataract in
each eye and four years ago went to the
Almshouse. as he was unable to work be
cause of his defective vision. There he met
Clara, who had become an Inmate a few
days previous.
Clara was employed in the kitchen and
used to pay especial attention to the. old,
almost blind man. thereby earning his
gratitude and ultimately his love. Clara's
pity for the old man also developed into
love and about three months ago they
decided to leave the Almshouse and link
their fates after they had secured employ
ment. He left on June 21 and she left the
following day. He obtained a situation
as bedmaker In the Mint lodging-house,
933 Mission street, and she In a pickle fac
tory on Harrison avenue.
They met occasionally and a week ago
Paul suggested that she should tako a
room in the Mint lodging-house, so that
she' could be near him. She did so. and
they began to speculate on when they
could get married. He was earning $3 per
week and his board and she made between
$5 and $6 per week. Saturday night she
was suffering intensely and went to his
room for sympathy. She was so fagged
out that she fell asleep in a chair and he
did not like to disturb her. While retiring
he accidentally turned on the gas.
Yesterday morning a strong odor of gas
was discovered coming from his room, and
when the door was forced open they were
found both unconscious— she in the chair,
he In bed. They were hurried to the Re
ceiving Hospital and there the physicians
worked on them until they were out of
danger. Paul -declared that they would
get married as coon aa possible, as their
afflictions made it necessary that they
have each other's assistance on tho down
ward Journey of life.
Narrow Escape From Death of Aged
Paul Senechan and Clara Sage
in a Lodging-House.
ALMSHOUSE ROMANCE
NEARLY ENDED BY GAS
Santiago Electric Koad Opened.
SANTIAGO DE CHILT. Sept. 2.— Tn the
presence of President Errazurlz and the
local authorities the electric tramway
system of Santiago was formally opened
toAlay. The public was greatly delighted
at the outcome and the Installation of
similar methods of transport will rapidly
multiply.
Returned.
Dr. F. C. Kock has returned from Eu
rope and is now ready to resume his prac
tice. Office, 312 Kills street; hours 2 to 4;
phone Howard 332. •
A small riot occurred on Kearny street
last evening, in which a mob of hoodlums
attacked police officers who were doing
their duty. Chief Sullivan, who witnessed
the aftair, announced that extra patrol
men would be placed on Barbary Coast
to preserve the peace in future.
For some time past gangs of the hood
lum element from North Beach and the
Mission have annoyed pedestrians passing
along the street. Women have been In
sulted and men molested. Last night a
crowd congregated on the corner of Wash
ington and Kearny streets and created a
disturbance. Special Officer Sam Dappett
snd Officer James Cavanaugh interfered,
and when an arrest was made by the first
named policeman, a number of the prison
er's pals attempted to rescue him.
The excitement v;as at its highest when
Chief of Police Sullivan put ir. an appear
ance on the scene. The cause of the
trouble was explained to him and he was
informed as to the character of the per
sons who have- been in the habit of dls
turblnp the peace in that section of the
city. Before leaving the place he caused
the mob to be dispersed and said he would
detail more of his men along Kearny
street that protection might be afforded to
citizens.
Chief Sullivan Witnesses
Incipient Riot on Kearny
Street,
HOODLUMS MAKE
DISTURBANCE ON
BARBARY COAST
The Very Rev. Walter McDonald, D. D.,
prefect of the Dnnboyne establishment,
Maynooth College, Ireland, preached the
sermon at St. Peter's Church yesterday
morning".
"Go, Show Yourselves to the Priest,"
was the text he selected, taken from the
gospel of the day. "According to the Jew
ish law,"' he said, "whenever a person
became minted with leprosy or suspicion
fell on him he was separated from his
fellow men and was not allowed to mingle
with them until he was examined and
reported free from the disease by the
priests. Now the Holy Fathers figura
tively used tins in reference to mortal sin.
and "this examination and certificate of
the priests are types of confession and ab
solution In the sacrament of penance. Ac
cordingly it is on certain aspects of this
sacrament I am about to speak.
"To be able to remit sin. as well as to
place the body and blood of Christ on the
altar under tne appearance of bread are
Halms that form the distinguishing fea
ture? of the priesthood of the Catholic
church No claim is so forcibly resisted
bv the enemies of our religion. Sacerdot
alism is In their eyes at once the stron - K
est and meanest of tyrannies, based. a 3
thev "ay. on craft and fraud Appealing,
as ihev'sav, to low mental fears and su
perstitions.' sacerdotalism is centered in
the altar and the confessional. They do
not seem to think argument necessary to
prove their charges. They call "sacer
dotallum and priestcraft, and that is
not appeal to Catholics whether
vou were ever asked for money as a price
Of absolution, or whether you would think
of offering a priest a fee to sin again. Is
i- not true that the priests of our church
get less for their services than the min
isters of any other church? The teacher
of any science or the members of any
other profession are far better paid than a
prleFt. It is easier to accumulate wealth
by attacking priests than by defending
religious principles. Let me remind you
nf a great moral lesson. Kach or us
should borrow from the gospel of to-day
a lesson of gratitude to God for all hi?
benefits, and In particular the great
blessings in the Sacrament of Penance.
, Let us show our gratitude most In tho
way Christ would wish us to do It— by
coming as we need it to the healing wa
lors and having this moral leprosy
cleansed from our souls."
Very Rev. Walter McDonald
Speaks in Morning at
St. Peter's.
EACH SHOULD
BORROW LESSON
OF GRATITUDE
So Declares J. Sloat Fassett
of the Great Empire
State.
J. Sloat Fassett, who was candidate for
Governor of Is'ew York on the Republican
ticket, opposing Roswell P. Flower, Is at
the Palace on his annual trip to the coast.
Mr. Fassett has some very pronounced
ideas concerning the political situation
that should be of particular interest to the
voters of California.
"So far as New York is concerned," said
tie, "there need be no apprehension among
Republicans as to the tinal result. I look
for a good plurality for McKlnley ana
Roosevelt, also for the election of a Re
publican Governor and both houses of the
Legislature. The Republican candidate
will doubtless be B. B. Odell, who has for
years been chairman of the State Central
Committee. Republicans of our State do
not expect to win out with such a great
margin as that of 1S06, but with sufficient
to convince Mr. Bryan that his scheme is
not taken seriously by sensible people.
"Speaking of a possible reduction of plu
rality, I do not desire to convey the idea
that the Republicans have lost confidence
in McKinley, but that the laboring man
is no longer idle and hungry, as he was
in 1S96 but he has his comforts and will
not take the active interest In the cam
paign that he did when his stomach was
empty and he knew not where to find the
food to 1111 it and feed his family. The
laboring man with the full dinner pail
naturally becomes careless and stops
thinking why it is that he has plenty of
work at good wages.
"New iork City will not give Bryan
anything like the plurality he is promislnt;
himself. I would be surprised if he gets
more than 25,000 plurality in the city, and
the country will send down a vote that
will bury the gentleman from Nebraska
very deep. The fact of the matter ia that
the people of my State do not want a
change of administration. They have tried
the experiment before v/lth painful results
and do not wish to repeat it.
"Throughout the entire State the Demo
crats who voted secretly for McKinley In
'16 are coming out openly and declar
ing their Intention to support him in this
campaign. Furthermore, tncy are giving
good reasons for their defection from the
Democratic ranks. Their explanation is
that they are enjoying exceptionally pros
perous time3 and have been during the
past three years, and that they do not
propose to vote for a change on this par
ticular occasion. Here is the object les
son: In New York State deposits in the
savings banks have increased amazingly,
while small mortgages have largely de
creased. It would certainly be entirely
unreasonable for any man who under
stands the situation to ask for better con
ditions than now prevail.
"Any man who would have predicted
four years ago the splendid financial and
Industrial power that the United States
now enjoys would have been considered
presumptuous. In the Middle West and tno
Pacific Coast there are enormous activi
ties, and these sections of the country
that have so long remained dormant have
awakened to a new life. "We are building
up a splendid trade with all the countries
that border on the Pacific, but as a matter
of fact the development of this trade,
large as it is, has hardly begun. If the
balance of trade determines how a man
should vote, there should be no question
of the proposition that h© should cast his
ballot for McKinley and prosperity.
"As for States like Ohio and Iowa, there
5s no concern with reference to the out
comes. These States with many others will
do their duty, and it is expected of every
citizen, of whatever politics, to get out
and put in his vote. If the Republican
workman, who now ha* a full dinner-pail,
after the years of privation under tho
Cleveland administration, will tako tho
proper interest in the campaign and vote
as common sense and experience teach
him. McKlr.lcy will be the next President
with a good healthy majority. w e can
not have too many votes, and that Is the
only way to go into the campaign."
Mr. Fas3ett will leave for New York in
a few days and in October will take the
stump for tha Republican party.
NEW YORK WILL
TEACH MR. BRYAN
A GOOD LESSON
The Thomas went on the Hunters Point
drydock yesterday. She was taken up by
the tugs Relief and Reliance. Her place
at Folsom-street wharf was taken by the
transport Rosecrans. while the Westmin
ster docked on the northerly side of the
wharf. The Roseeran3 sails to-day with
the men of two light batteries for Xaga
saki. They were originally ordered to go
by way of Honolulu, but the changed con
dition In China has necessitated a change
in the destination of the light batteries.
They may go to China, and they may
not. At Nagasaki they may be diverted
to Manila.
The German bark J. C. Pfiuger docked
at Howard-street wharf yesterday. The
vessel left here several months apo for
Liverpool with a cargo of wheat, but was
dismasted off shore and drifted into Santa
Barbara. The main and inizzen masts
went close to the deck, but. stranjje to
say, the foremost still stands. The Pflu
ger was towed back to San Francisco and
abandoned to the underwriters. She was
taken lo Port Costa, where her cargo was
discharged, and she has now come back
to San Francisco to be Hold to the highest
bidder. All kinds of stories are circu
lating .-yound the water front about the
Pfiuser. Nearly all her provisions and
supplies were removed before the vessel
went to Port Costa, and there was much
hilarity aboard before the vessel sailed
from here for Liverpool. Some of the cel
ebrants had to be brought ashore on the
tugr that towed the Pfluger to sea. The
Insurance companies are holding a quiet
investigation.
The steamer Samfla will dock to-day and
the work qt setting her ready for the
transportation of horses to the Orient will
l>e<?in at once. The Samoa is under char
ter to the German Government and is the
largest tramp that has come here outside
of the Algoa. She will be tttted up to car
ry 732 horses, and will pet away for the
seat of war in China inside of two weeks.
First of German Fleet to
Carry Horses to China
Arrives.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN ADD THE
WATER FRONT
THERE is need of an enlightened and forceful public sentiment
on the subject of the so-called "French restaurants." It is dif
ficult to control these resorts of infamy by law, but there should
be no mistake in the public mind concerning' their character, which
is ordinarily of the lowest type, and no reputable man or woman
should be found within their doors for any ordinary purpose. Let
them be branded as the houses of shame that they are, and their
number will diminish and their character improve. There may also
be devised some sort of legal supervision to make this nefarious
business a difficult one. This might' be partially accomplished by
requiring ths correct registration in an accessible public book of all
guests requiring private apartments, and making falsity or neglect
in this respect punishable by exposure and in other ways. — Extract
from the lecture delivered last night by the Rev. B. Fay Mills.
as the houses of shame that they are, and
their number will diminish and their char
acter improve. There may also be devised
somo sort of legal supervision to make
this nefarious business a diflioult one. This
might be partially accomplished by re
quiring the correct registration in an ac
cessible public- book of all guests requiring
private apartments, and making falsity or
neglect in this respect punishable by ex
posure and in other ways.
Referring to the gambling and pool
room evil he said:
"The fight against poolrooms now being
made by the police department is an ex
ceedingly healthy sign of the times and
should have the hearty support of all
good citizens. We need stronger laws and
a more vigorous public sentiment In this
respect.
'•Faro game? and some other forms of
gambling seem to be divided even, but
other forms of gambling are openly tol
erated in the most conspicuous places.
Private Rambling it is impossible to sup
press, but the conspicuous playing of
poker for gambling purposes and some
other gamos in the most public places
la an inexcusable disgrace to a civilized
city. It is a relic of .^cmi-barbarlc times."
Coming to the subject of the press Mr.
Mills said that several of his correspond
ents had words of censure for the press.
He said that in Ills opinion the San Fran
cisco papers are unsurpassed in enterprise
and good judgment in selecting news of
interest and general attractiveness. He
deplored the publication of salacious news
with exaggeration placed upon the quar
rels of citizens rather than their noble
friendships. Continuing, he said:
"The editors and reporters, the owners,
publishers and managers, are, in their
private lives, among our most reputable
citizens. I appeal to these "Builders of
Public Opinion' to be leaders in the up
building of a better San Francisco. Let
all San Franciscans cease to magnify the
evils and emphasize the good of the city.
Let us cease making a show of the slums
by abolishing them and attract a high
class of residents rather than send many
of our best blood to strengthen the cities
of the East. Let us raise the old stand
ard flnrl establish new nnps "
«— ij—sHK Morals of San Francisco" was
J| the subject of the regular Sunday
j^ evening leotr.re delivered by % Rev.
Benjamin Fay Mills under* the
auspices of the Ethical Institute at Met
ropolitan Temple last night. Rev. Mr.
Mill? explained that his remarks were
based on his personal observations In San
Francisco, on interviews with prominent
citizens and replies received to questions
addressed to leading editors, judges, city
officials, attorneys, business men and oth
ers. In his lecture Rev. Mr. Mills de
nounced in scathiner language the French
restaurants and the immoral influences
he claimed they exerted. He declared
San Francisco's moral standard was
steadily beins raised and expressed hope
for the future. lie said in part:
"I find a general consensus ur" opinion
that San Francisco will average well in
comparison with other cities in the mat
ter of personal morality. The drinkinR
habits? of the people are more marked than
in many other American cities, especial
ly among the women. The standard and
practice of domestic morality U relative
ly low and yet is steadily being raised]
There has bc-ori marvelous progress in
the control of the 'social evil.' The worst
divo- have been obliterated and a flagrant
furm of temptation peculiar to San Fran
cisco Is now almost extinct. There is a
hiffh comparative standard in the moral
character of theatrical displays. Side en
trances of disreputable resorts have been
closed. Minors are conspicuous by their
absence from the most immoral portions
of the city."
The speaker then paid his respects to
the French restaurants in the following
language:
••There is need of an enlightened and
forceful public sentiment on the subject
of the so-called 'French restaurants.' It
is difficult to control these resorts of in
famy by law, but there should be no mis
take in the public mind concerning their
character, which is ordinarily of the low
est type, and no reputable man or woman
should be found within their doors for any
nrdinarv nurnose. .Let them be branded
Rev. B. Fay Mills Asserts
French Restaurants Should
Be Branded Houses of Shame
ONE MINISTER SCORES MODERN SOCIETY,
ANOTHER DENOUNCES FRENCH RESTAURANTS
Rev. A. C. Baee Declares That
People of Upper Teiadom Are
Amardhflsts of God's KiegdoiiH
spirit of modern society which voices itself in the phrase
JL "I have a right to spend Sunday as I please" is a dangerous
spirit. It is the spirit which caused the initial sin in the Gar
den of Eden; it is a spirit which would wreck any government exist
in twenty-four hours. You have no right to do as you please on
the Sabbath. No citizen can break the laws on the statute book;
no citizen willfully, knowingly would do such a thing; none
but anarchists or criminals, and for them the jail doors yawn black
and terrible.
Modern society people are the anarchists of the kingdom of
God. I could make you tremble at the picture I might draw of
the terrible conditions prevalent among society. Many who con
demn work on the Sabbath commend revels on that day. Do you
not realize that ons man's pleasure means another man's work? I
am pained to observe the stand that many prominent clergymen of
this city have taken in this matter of Sabbath breaking. The city
ministers are dodging the question. — Extract from sermon delivered
last night by the Rev. A. C. Bane.
CALIFORNIA - STREET METHO
DIST EPISCOPAL, CHURCH was
last night for the second time the
scene of a scathing excoriation of.
the local smart set by the Rev. A. C. Bane,
whose golf sermon a week ago
turned the calcium of public attention full
upon him. The discourse on the Scotch
pamo, which is all the go among the 400
at gay Del Monte raised a very
storm of criticism and disapprov
al, voiced both in the falsetto of
the debutante and (here Is what Mr.
Bane characterizes as "abominable") in
the tones of Catholic and Episco
palian priests. Last night, while the golf
stlck Sabbath-breaker came in for his
1 share, he nearly escaped in the general
denunciation of local society and its
queer ways which the Rev. Mr. Bane in
1 dulged in for an hour and ten minutes.
"Remember the Sabbath day to keep It
holy" was tne text on which this discourse
was based, and the speaker pointed out
several ways in which this commandment
.was generously and frequently shattered.
The Bpeaker also took occasion to refute
the various criticisms, anything but
friendly, which had bren aimed at both
himself ar.<l his views in a manner which
would either show that the "40O" is as
I bad as the Rev. Mr. Bane says It is, or
I else that its members are leaving the
church ior athletics. The Rev. Mr. Bane
spoke in part as follows:
' "I abhor sensationalism. I am not here
to condemn golf, but to defend God's law.
I have been called 'narrow' on account of
my views on i his matter of Sunday games
and revels. ¦ Well, if this be narrowness,
i I thank God for my narrowness. I want
! also to say that when you don't find me
j standing nrmly for good and all on one —
I and one only— side of a question, then I
! am ready to step down from this pulpit.
' "I have been confronted with numerous
objections to my views as expressed last
I Sunday, the most common being that "Xo
! one has any right to criticize another per
; son's conduct. If such a monstrou3
I proposition be true, close up the churches,
the schools, the jails, take away the au-
thorlty of the Sheriff, the District At
torney. They can be of no use where
every man Is a law unto himself. So Ion*
as people do wrong there will be faithful
people enough everywhere to criticize
their conduct. Then ws to my havine: a.
monopolv of my opinion and no one belns
compelled to pay attention to my theories.
Now it Is not my opinion 1 preach. It la
God's— "Remember the Sabbath day to
kep it holy." Many who would condemn
work on the seventh day of the week
countenance pleasure. Do you not realize
that one man's pleasure means another
man's work? It's not what you think to
be harmful. It's what God declares you
cannot do.
"Then again I note with grief that sev
eral clergymen, who are to the fore in
the talk with the not original Idea that
Sabbath goins must depend upon indi
vidual conscience. It's not a matter of in
dividual conscience, it's a matter of God's
law. Conscience is not a good guide.
You can educate a conscience.
"I could (If I cared) show such a ter
rible picture of modern society's condi
tions that you would tremble. Then there
is this spirit of 'I have a right to spend
Sunday as I choose.' No sentiment can be
more dangerous. It is the spirit that
caused Initial sin In the Garden of Elen:
it is the spirit which would wreck every
Government on earth in twenty-four
hours if given the opportunity. No law
abiding citizen can evade the laws on the
statute book. No cne can disobey those
laws but anarchists and criminals, and for
them jails yawn black and threatening.
"Modern society people are anarchists of
the kingdom of God. If society wants to
get to heaven it will have to go the same
way as anybody else.
"I cannot close my discourse without
touching on the fact that no Methodists
were among those playing golf on Sun
day, They were all Catholics and Episco
palians. They tell me I should mind my
own business, but they need some one to
preach to them, and my pulpit Is the
world. O. those of you who represent so
ciety In my audience, the eye of All Is
upon your evory move. Let us not find
in you advocates of the breaking of God's
holy law."
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1900.
Keep your baggage checks until you
reach San Francisco; you will sav« one
half In the transfer of your bairgage.
One trunk (round trip). 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery— Oakland Ferry Depot.
650 Market street. 408 Taylor street. •
Notice to Native Sons.
5
,^^^-. Specialists
jfegB^P* Sn Diseases and
rtgfo'r -pi AUn. Estab-
B#Ld$£^^* extensive rrac-
]>}&*'* days 9 to n.
731 MarKct St.. San Francisco.
DR. MtYERS&CO.
AUUSKftliSJjTS.
THE BEST THAT VAUDEVTLLE AFFOSDa,
SPECIAL MA1INeTT0-DAY, LaborDay
Parquet, 23<% any seat; balcony, 10c; chil-
dren, 1'ic, any part.
HOWE, WALL AND WALTERS.
Gertrude Mansfield an1 Gary! Wilbur.
V/estman and Wren. Frances Keppler.
THE JOSCARY TROUPE.
Lavender and Thomson.
tMr. and Mrs. Tobin.
LEW HAWKINS.
AMERlCflN DIOGRnPH.
JESSIE "baRTL£TT"dAVIS.
TO-XIOHT! TO-NIGHT:! TO-Nlf.HT!!?
Y/edne*day. Friday, Nishts— •
Verdi's Great Tragic Opera.
"ERNANL"
Rasso, Ferrari. Nlcolinl. Zanl and Stewart.
Tuesday, Thursday. Sunday Nishts, Sat. Mat..
Bizet's Immortal Work.
"CARMEN."
Berthald, Saln«sa, Schuster. R.^retto, Lichter,
Graham and Polptinl.
Nest Week
"CAVALLERIA 11 and "PAGL.IACCI."
POPULAR PRICES 2ia and 50o
Trlephune. r.u.«h 9.
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
KVERY NIGHT. INCLUDING STTNT>AT.
MATTNEKS WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
CLAY L. R.
CLEMENT and STOOKWELL.
SUPPORTED DY A STRONG COSfPANY.
Presenting an Adaptation of
Ciarles JJickeas' and Wilkie Collias*
¦ "So ThoroTighfare,'- 1 -
Und?r the Title of
A GREAT OBSTACLE
A SUPERB PRODUCTION 1 .
I PRICES It. T5c, COc, 3Cc and 2oc.
I BOX AND IJCX3E PEATS $1 BO
j
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
HOLIDAY MATINEE TQ-DAY.
La3t Werk of WILTON" LACKAYE.
! Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thursday Ev£».
CHILDREN of THE GHETTO
FP.IDAY AXD REST OF WTJEK.
"TRILBY."
PRICES— 10c. 15c, 23c, 50c.
A Few Kront P.ows In Orrhe«tra, 75c.
Branrh Ticket Office— Emporium.
LABOR DAY MATINEE TO-DAY. •
DOROTHY DORR and HOWARD HALL,
Beautiful. Costly Production, ' .
"The Masqueraders"
Every Member of the ALCAZAR STOCK 13
the Cast.
SEATS 8 DAYS IN ADVAXCE.
PRICES— 150^250, 35c, 50c.
Next Week— THE GIRL I LEFT BE-
HIND ME.
OT3£4§iasl2BI.
Eddy and Jr.nen sts Phone South 779
"Chrictie Pull >m Down." Opening 1 of th*
regular soa->on. X-st THURSDAY NIGHT—
Every evt-nins. Holiday Matinees Sat. ami
Sun. Special -Matinee Tuesday. S^-pt. 11. Max-
nlflcent spectacular revival ot the nautical,
farcical success,
wra'
FERRIS HARTMAhT
¦ And a treat cast. Attractive chorus of 50 ulnfr-
| ins voles. Elaborate costumes— magnificent
I stase settings. I'p to^the moment. Seats no\y
ready— l'c. 2.V. 85?. ~C*.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENTNO.
I LuiML TO-NIGHT!
MONSTER PROGRAMME
In Honor of JLABOR DAY !
AQUATIC SPOaTSJMi THE LAKE.
I SEABURY, Hi£h Divcp,
Telpphon? for Seats— Park 13.
ffignafeBMj
TO-MGHT ti^tP 1^^ Monster '
Labor >iftht 1 ?'^!*^ Portrnit o?
I Labor ?\*jZ) Jk 1$ MAYOR
Dev!cc«. PHELAN.
AXD NIGnTLY
PAIN'S SI00O FIREWORKS!
To-morrow (Tuesday). LADII3' NTGHT.
Folsoin and Sixteenth Sts. Grounds.
SEATS FOP. 19.C00.
Prices— ZZc. 10c. 73c and ». Children,
this week only. 13c an<l C3c.
Seats and Boxes at Sherman & CIay*».
«L-T« THEATER.
1C8 Grove Street. Phone South 224.
TO-NIGHT, all this T?eek. with matinees
Saturday and Sunday. First time on »ny
Btage-CAPTAIN JACK CRAWFORD'S treat
Border Drama. Illustrating his life on tha
frontier, entitled. "ON— THE— TRAIL."
General Shafter has loaned Capt. Crawfcmt \
I four of the Government' » greatest scouts, who
are now en route to China. Besides a stjonc
cast there will Indiana. Cowboys, Packmules.
J etc Prices. 10c. S»c. 30. NEXT— •'Bottom o!
J the Sea." r
S T7T5rHT7P*Q CONCERT HOUSE.
j r ldUriHn o A dl n,s*io M io.-.
I ~ Olive Vail. Amoji C Cain. Hazel 'Wainrrrlsht.
J Horace Hanna. Pearl Hickman. Dutch Walton.
Howard & Camptx-11 and New Movlnsr Picture*.
Reserved Seats, 2'c; JIatlnee Sunday.
SUTRO BRTHS.
OPKM NIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to !l p. m.
Rathin? from 7 a. m. to \n p. m.
ADMissiorr! lot. chtlpren 1 . 3c
Pathlng. lnclmling admission. r>c: thildr'n. 2Qc.
y Weak Men and Women
* CiHOCX-U U8E PAM1AXA JHTTBR«. TTTB
j 9 (r**t Mexican remedy; Riyea h#a:th aa<t
i. itrtsftti to sesual ortasa. Dtsst, K3 ilarieu,
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Matl3 1
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. !av.-yer. O3 CaL.Clunle bd.
CCAt. COltH AND PIO IROM.
T C_ TV IT W« S CO ?00 Ba «ery Street.
.'» v- W IL^/Uil IV IU-, TYlcphorc Main 1S54.
COPPERv^^T"
r W QWTH pl ' ! " I'lumWi*. Steamboat an1
W- Tf . C> V- 1 1 ,1, v.orlc a *p«ciaUy. 1« ana
18 Wash! nit <?n st. TVienhone Main 5641.
PF.LtClSICAL.
>. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. T.6 East St. j
FRHStl AND SALT MRATS.
JA.S- KUIL3 tt IU« i-ifry. v.i. Main 123*.
GALVAMZ1N3 AND METALS.
Sir jr. fk IVal-r in M'-tals ".. Calvanizir.fi;. JOHN
FINN' METAL WORKS. 313 Howard *V
HAR^E-S DRESSING.
"PALO AI.TO." Best leather preserver on
earth, ""c. Koblnrin ('hem. Co.. 1169 Howard.
METAU
Extra linotype and stereotype rrWal. Pacific I
Metal "Worka. 1S7-S First Bt.. Pan Francisco. |
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & EL- |
LIP. 4:8 Fror.t st.. P. V. Plione Main 171'*.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubrlcxti'iR Oils. Schm-ld^r's Mining |
Candles. C. G. CUXCH & <:ct., 3 Front. S. V. j
X»kl>Tl> 1
EC FITn : !Fx PRINTER.
PRINTR^S. T50OKCINDHRS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
CS First nt.. Pan Francisco, j
bVATlONH'J AND PRIMK7.
Te'-egraphSc lUDTi/'PiliH 2>G California. !
Codes. rAKIniUUC street.
ftfillfi ASH SlEAirCOAL. %h^F&J% \
IJIAMOXD COAL MIXIXG CO.. at Its QBKEN '
RIVER COLLIERIES, ia the Rrst Coal in the '
market. Off.cc snd Yards— 4iO Main street.
NoMcre Dread of the Dental Chair j
TEETH EXTiv ACTED AND KILLED AD-
POLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our iate I
scientific method KPDUe4 to the guajs. Xo I
Bleep-producir^ a?«-r.t or cocaine.
Trie** are the onlv dental parlor.-: In Sar. |
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply po!d
crowns and porcelain crowns undctoctable from I
natural tr-'th. and ¦»an-snt» a <i for ten 'ears !
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIX. Full set of i
teeth, jr.: a perfect fit puarantced or no pay '
Gnld crown?. J3. Gold fiU'.Mrs. $1. Pil-f>r fll"l-
lt»m. BOt All work done by GRADUATE DEN- '>
TISTP of from 12 to SI years* experience, and ;
*ach department in vharpe of a sjwclalist. OIv« !
tl» a call, and you xcill find us to do exactly i
t>- »'f advertise. AVe will tell you in advance '
wractly what your work win cost by a FREE :
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR. j
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
¦ , _ . .
tf^Sajiawf^^ I ""ill ruaractee
jZZ&rl-fcS^S &**¦ ni y. Kbeumatism
/sSSSa^VVyi Cure will reliere lum-
S/gf b*£°' «cintipa and ail
sia 3-'^"^ rlieunjatic pc'.ns ia
f^ '~***~+££i8i two or three hours,
lj» *^?|J^y a^ cure ia a few
V ', 1 'V days.
\ /**%¦& MUNYON.
/^5^*^i At all drag-cists,
C^feht3T>?;'7?V 25c. e rial. Guide
T^^S2Lir^ to Health and niedi-
•I I )S? cal advice free.
* I ' 1505 Arch st.. PhUa.
§\B1, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON' BISHOP'S PILI^S i
have b«*n In us? over fifty j
years by the leader* of the
Mormon Church rnd their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
won-t cases in old and young
arising frrrn effects of self-
t- : ¦:•-¦ . dissir>atlon, excesses or
cicarette-Emcking. Cures Lost j
M<ir.hood, Impotency, Lost
Power. Nljrht Lfjfses. Insom-
ria Fa!r.!« In Back. Evil DeFirep, Lame Back.
Nervous Drbihty. Headache. Unfitneps to Mar- I
ry. Los-8 of t--m^-n. •— Varicocele or Coo- ;
nipation. ?t«-i>s r." **5 S3 rvous . Twitching '
cf Erelids. E^cct? TZ-^zL^ r e immediate. '
Ssipart \;f r ;in':' CE: '~ T ' 3 potency to every
function. Don't C-t «'.et pendent; a cure 1? at i
hsr.d. Rfstoi<-s Fmall. undevelored organs.
Ftixmrtatca tfce bra^n and nerve centers; COc a |
V<x: 6 for II 50 by mail. A written guarantee to ;
cure or rr.<-;ney refunded with <! f>oxes. Circulars ;
free. AAfiren BISHOP P.EMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis I
*t.. Baa Francisco, Cal.. GIUJKT DRUG CO., j
SS i.r.4 <0 Third ft.
visit OR JORDAN'S great $
iHUSEUB OF flKJiTOBY*
0 Q^ irei viszzz sx. i*t. e-i*7&, st.cu. 4
T Of TheLwrettA—uio<umMeBafcithe\
6 '«S*S»v V ' orli We-liifji* tr any cuuricted A
¦ yiir 2i} <: ' c pr»ltlwrly rnro4 t>y the oldeU T
(i #R«S *r — ''rratu Tumi EAjkyoan. '
A a&??*\ CS.*"CB3iU*-«>Sr/£" r E DISEASES £
• ?(^i3^?! c ' " ' r ' **-e and strict!, prreate \
d kjS^b l!" c ' ¦ >• ¦¦• '¦¦'-> •' '¦>• "«¦'¦ a«
r fl flr rlW Po*.tn* tWein every cik: usricrukep. T
>Bjf (IK. Wntt(7rE'*tPilll.OSOrB¥tfl
9 5 A If SlAZlRIAliS;, MAI1_EI> fK3S, 4 /^ W
» J\ )l, ' vai . . :~ bock t r M '¦¦¦ .., * \
9 I)!t J»H1*AA"4-«»,JV,! Jlarlmt h't-.H. F y I
DR.MCNULTY.
fl'IIISWI i.L-KNOWN AVI) RKMAIir.K OLD
L f-peciali-.tcurrjtBiood • >< >^sori.<;onorrl:<-p;i,Glee^
f'trifturf. KeraiiiHl U'rikners. Imrmtenc- mid their
allied Disorcierx. !'.¦-.<< on Dismim-h «>f Me... Tree.
Over20yearsVxper:?-i!C«*.Terin«i reaanoabte. Hour*.
' |toJdauy;fiJOto4."#v^pt8oiMlj»jn«,Wt«»l2.0in«ol-
tatioiifreeaDdsacrcdiycondileutial. Call or address
P. HOKCdK STo.VI'B.TY. 31. D.
" 2O?£ Kearny St.. San Francisco, CaL
MEDJCAL .
FOR THE
RB OOP. OVER. LUNGS:
,V*>;<5>-M>iiQ remedy for OoaorrliMfc
> -iy'cL'HEb^fa Olnet. S pe r m n t o rr harm,
/^.'/kiuidriw? White j, unilateral Aim
r^LiJf Cunti«: T3 <~harir«i, or »nr inZr-^*n*r
frSCV coi v ej:~:-rn. lion, i irritation or u.-cr»»
•*— SPnteuu oo&uciea. tion ct inncous mem?
& l^* l i'K:EvA!(3C;iEK r tina br»ne«. Moo-t«trin£ent.
V^Vc.NCNkiao'.raHl Sold Dy OrofDrf't*.
y*|\ n - * 5"@T or « ent la P |aln ""f^'i
w " lt£*Vl ty exprrtB. prepaid, VM
Purely rec'table. mild and rfliafe'.e. Cause
perfect £!(«stlon. cenjjiiete absorptica and
heaitliful r»-— j'ar'.ty.
For the cure cf all disorder* of the Stomach,
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
r(ru!arities. Rick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
rtlpatlon. Piien and all derangements of the
Irternal Viscera. 25c a »>ox. At IiruggittB. or
by xsaU. JUDWAY & CO.. .New Jork. ,
The average distance traveled by Brit-
ish engine-drivers Is from 30,000 to 50,000
miles every year. There are about 20.000
drivers in the United Kingdom.
p ft rr nnt/fti c °™** Fou«h «n«i
CAFE BOKULi^^
Valises chscksd fres.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
Stort opitt Saturday, September 8th, till
10:50 p. m.
Will Be Closed All Day Monday,
September 10th.
NEW GOODS ARRIVED-
Holland Herring,
Nuernb:r?er Honey Cakes,
G.-rman Zwi-back,
PapriKa i Hungarian Red Pepper),
California Figs. .
Catalogue— Special 50th Anniversary
Edition Now Ready. ;
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY '¦
California CM bet 75c I
"Panta Ana" brand. 1Ia« r.-> M;ual In ;
delicacy -of flavor, nejrularly Sic.
Bakin? Powder, "New Era" Ib 30c ;
Made Oi pure cream of tartar and bl- [
carbonate of soda. Regularly 40c. I
0. K. Bourbon 3 cots 31.00
Gallon $3.00
KeRuIarly $1 hot.. $4 a sal. A good i
mrdiclnal ¦nhf?ky, it years old.
Listsrine, Umierfs large bottle 65c
Small bottle 20c
Lfs'erlne Toilet Soap, box of 3 cakes 25c
T^ambert's possesses" tho refreshing hy-
Clenic properties of listerine.
Eastern Buckwheat Flour 60c
Regularly 75c. 10-lb jack.
Tooth Powder, "Victoria" bot 20c
Resularly 25c. Llsterated or r'aln,
antiseptic. Best made.
Vanilla Extract, Regular 5Gc to! 40c
Lemon Extract, Regularly 4Cc bot 30c
Our best "New Era" brand.
Quinquina Cubcnnst 2U Vin
d'Espagne, full ot bot $1.50
The groat appetizer; take before meal.
"Favorita" da California Caret
Case I doz. qts , S2.9O !
Case 2 doz. pits.: $3.90 ;
Fi»st value sold, has no equal at the |
price. Res. S3 7,"» qts. and $1 75 pt». ,
Gin, "Old Tom" bot 90c
Regularly $1. Booth & Co., London.
Smoked Lunch Herring tin 15s
T!ayl*»s. Reirularly 20c. Cured In olive
oil and smoked in Irish dulse.
Shrimps. "Fresh Baraiaria" tin 20s
R<>s;ularly 2."?. Sufficiently cooked,
ready fur the table.
"Furltas" GinperASe $1.20
Repiilarly $1 35. Equal to th* finest
Imported. Made by the "Purltas" Co.,
Los Angeles. Your Southern visitors
will enjoy a glass of it.
"Puritas" Root Beer $1.10
Regularly tl 20. Allowance of 13c per
dozen for all empty "Purltas" bottles.
Vegetable Slicer. Starling. $1.25 eech
Regularly $1 ~~>- Slices fruit and veg-
etables any thickness.
Crumb Trays and Brushes, 20c and (5c
Regularly 40c and :0c.
Assorted lot to close out.
Tea and Coffee Kanist r 20c
Regularly 2>c. Geld japanned.
See our window for special bargains
this week.
i A pail of ;
j will go twice as far t
| as the same quantity |
¦ of lard and produce p
Pure — Wholesome — |
a As!: your grocer or write S
India Refining Co. g
i Philadelphia, Pa. ?
PAINLESS OENTISTKT I fP?&\
xgaH No Plates Required. \p£)
OUR REMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK 19
beautiful and durable. Warranted 13 years
Our ii j. hi tea fit Ilkt a glove.
Our method for painless extracting- Is patented
and uted l>y no other dentist on the i'acia'.-
Coast.
PRICE LIST FOR 3O DAYS t
Painless Extraction !15e
Removable Uridgework $::.<h>
Amalgam 5«>c
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren's teeth— painlessly.
DR. R. L. \A/«I_SH.
SUSi GEARY STREET, between Ilyrfa and
Larkin. TeleDhone Polk 1133.
Opera Glasses
20 % Cut,
Including Lenaalres. with and without handles.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Vhon«. Mala 10.
UrllClAro PunTOGR^ * ' '
SCIENTIMC
64Z Market 5t. instruments
UNOtn cm«on;ci£ BUHOJN&. CATALOGUE fREC.store adjoining, b^lonjjing to the Havana
Cigar Company, v.hf-n his attention wu..h
attracted by a sound like the exploding of
cartridges. Smoke .it the same time roilerl
into the cigar-store, and tho Judge ran
out and shouted tire. S<;me one rang in aa
alarm from the box on the corner <>f Lar
kin and Hayes strtets, but meantime a
boy had run to the tire patrol on City
Hall avenue and siven the alarm.
A crowd quickly gathered, and for ten
minutes it vras startled by exploding car
tridges, which was like the rattle os mis
ketry. Walther had the presence of miml
to carry out a box containing about thirty
pounds of powder before the llamei could
reach it. The tire waa soon extinguished
but not before the gunstore and th.^ ci^ar
store were almost K'-itted. The office of
the Cypress Lawn Cemetery, on the floor
above, was also damaged.
Fire Marshal Towe made an Investiga
tion, and came to the conclusion that the
tire originated from some* oily ra"-s th-it
were lying near the cartridge's. The loaa
will be between $2000 and |3ftj0.-
GUN STORE AND CIGAR
STORE GUTTED BY FIRE
California Club Courts Were Occu
pied by a Number of Old
Enthusiasts.
The attendance at the courts of the
California Tennis Club on Saturday and
Sunday was the largest In years.
The most exciting match was between
W. S. Hobart and George W^hitney vs.
W. Stauf and Robert Whitney. It was
Hobart's second appearance In two years.
Stauf and It. Whitney were defeated. S-10.
6-4, C-5. W. Collier Jr. and H. AV. Crowell
beat W. S. Hobart and Drummond Mc-
Gavin, 6-2, 4-6, 6-2. James A. Code beat
Kverctt Fuller, C-0, 6-0, 8-1. Bishop More
land fell before Al Rosenberg, 0-4, 7-5.
Professor Daily beat J. F. Ueuret, 6-2, 6-2.
Professor Daily won from Miss Jackson
and Mrs. Wakerley, 6-2. C-3. Robert and
George Whitney beat W. B. Collier Jr.
and H. W. Crowell, 6-2. 4-6. 6-4. Colen
Spangler beat J. S. Wallace, 6-4, 6-4. Rob
ert Reid beat J. S. Wallace, 8-6, 1-6, 6-3, 6-4,
Walter McGavin in a clever match beat
Ray Cornell, 6-4, 6-1. Spangler and Rich
ard Erskine beat Miles Baird and J. D.
Kahn, 6-4, 6-4.
Miss Hunter in a return match with
Mrs. C. A. Elston beat her cleverly, 3-6,
7-5. 8-6. Grant Smith beat C. A. Elston,
7-5, 6-4. 6-1. Beuret defeated Dr. F. J.
Lane, 6-4, 6-4, 6-4. Charles Kuehn defeat
ed Gardner, 6-4. S-6. Percy Kahn in a
driving frame defeated Miles Baird, 7-5,
8-6. E. Fuller beat R. Erskine, 6-1, 6-4.
Colin Spangler was beaten by Erskine,
6-4, 6-1. Merle Johnson beat C. A. Elston,
6-4.
j. A. Code beat Paul Jones In straight
sets. 6-4. 6-2. 6-1. Professor Daily beat
Worthinffton, 6-2, 6-4, 7-5. One of tho best
contested matches was that between Ro
senberg and Johnson, won by the former,
6-3, 3-6, 8-6. Richard Erskino and Paul
Jones. played a tie, 6-4, 6-8. In a hot dou
ble George Whitney and Grant SmiTh
beat W. B. Collier and Crowell. 10-8. 6-1.
3-6. 8-6. George Whitney played a single
wlih W. Collier. Jr. and won easily. 6-2.
George and Robert Whitnev beat H. W.
Crowell and W. B. Collier In a fast match.
6-0. Robert Whitney beat Ray Cornell,
6-2. 6-4, 6-L McLean beat Kuehn, 6-1,
MANY EXCITING TENNIS
MATCHES WERE PLAYED
Thomas Lewis Given a Diamond
Locket by Members of the
Union Gun Club.
The California Wing Shot Club held
its monthly live bird* shoot yesterday at
Ingleslde. Sweeney was in good form and
made a splendid score, but left early In
the day. Nauman made a good scor^
with Slade a close second. The scores:
Sweeney 2 12 2 1112 2 0 1 2— It
Shaw 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 1111 1—12
Sweeney 1 11111*2211 2-11
Wagner 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 i-i»
Shaw • 121222*2 2 2 2— ID
Barker 1 12221*11 2 " 2—11
Shaw l | i222*.'2Cr222222222?'J2222— 2 ->
Sweeney tnzantszuzzxmwzn^-u
Williamson 222122: > 2221122ij0*121t»l*li>-n
Barker 21 122221 111
Wagner ; 1>1212211'1222*1*21C2121C2— Yi
Williamson *n2O12122»2
Slade 12221112*02*
Nauman 222*22122222221222222222 2 1
Justins 2221222*1222222122122**I— "2
Johnson 112112
Davis 00* I
l'»arker 222111111212
Donahoe 2*12*2121220100U01*lt22— 17
Harker 11212122211221211*211122—21
Marks 120121121111022011211222— 22
Fisher *0*102f 101C2
Shaw 22P222222222
The Union Gun Club also held Us
monthly shoot at blurroeks. At the
close of the day's sport Thomas I,. Lewis,
secretary of the club, was presented with
a diamond locket by the members in ap
preciation of his good services during the
season. Feudner won the medal shoot.
Iverson and "\Valpert tied for the second
medal, and In the shoot-off the former
won. Iverson. Walpert and Mlchelson
shot off for the season second medal.
"Walpert winning out. The scores:
Peterson 13. Hoyt 13. Wat pert 13. Thomas 14
Drecichman 17, Mascot 18, Jansen 1* W M C
21, Fred Fupdner 21. Ilecht 13. Lewis 7 lirss
13, Fisher IS, Burnell 16. Funcke 15. Flck 2'i
Mlchelson 21. Plsnal 10, Presse 8, Javette 13
Jones 16. Barber 11. "Walton 11. Iverson IS ilpr
ring 17, Barber 4. Bancroft IS, Phillips in
Nauman 23, Slade 15. Rlngle 18, Davis 13.
Mitchell 23.
Medal shoot— U. M. C. IS, Feudner 23. Iver
son 17. Walpert 17. Burns 12. Mlchelson 16.
CLEVER SHOOTING AT
INGLESIDE GROUNDS
Joseph Mayhew and McLean beat George
Broemmel and c. -Kuehn. 6-4, 6-3. Al Ro
senberg beat W. McGavin, 6-4, 7-5.
L. H. Freeman, champion of Southern
California, won the all-comers at Seattle
by defeating J. F. Foulkes in the finals.
6-2 6-1, 2-6. 6-4.
Miss Marlon Jones was defated in the
finals last week in Paris by Miss Georgie
Cooper, the champion of .England. Miss
Jones won the second set easily, but lost
the third and match.
The entries for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship doubles close Saturday, Septem
ber 8, 8 p. m.. and should be sent to the
tournament committee at the California
Club. It has been positively decided to
commence play on Monday, September
10, and continue through the 11th and
COLUMBIA PISTOL AND
RIFLE EXPERTS AT WOfK
Tho Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
shoot at Harbor View yesterday drew a
large attendance. Captain Fred Kuhnle
tied tho coast record at tifty yards with
a 2-i-caiiber rifle on a Columbia target.
His -core in detail is: l-M-l«2-2-l-i-2-sflm
or 16 Inch ring average. Captain Kulnle
is C4 years old. At this club's previous
shoot he placed seven consecutive shots
iUts SSfgJ^&SS-SS and peep
w£ il h o e ne 2 °°bf S S^aSgio 3 US
«r P^ rt o^° r A lh « C t? SS m , eda ls with a score
of 53, and A. R. Dorreli, who was a good
second to Young. Paul Becker put up a
47 Creedmoor, which was 75. Columbia
count, using the 30-30 carbine. CM
Daiss carried off the honors foF the re
volver medal and Young led with the
pistol. Bprley and Hovey being one point
behind him. Scores: f"" 41 -
Columbia target, oft-hand, rifle, class medals
2fO yards, experts— F. O. YounR 53. A B T)or
jell 65. Sharpshooters— C. M. Daiss 53 ' G ' Man"
nel" 84. O. Borley S3. MarkFmen-Dr J f"
Twist 114 Mrs. C. F. Waltham 138,' A. J
Brannlsan 1C0. E. A. Allen 175.
Pistol, class medals, 50 yards, experts O \X
Borley 47, F. O. Young 50. Sharnshooter«v— n
Hoadley 53. Dr. J. F. Twi.st 87. Mark^men^F
Hassrqann 58, 71, N. Robinson 65, Mrs C V
Waltham 75, Dr. H. W. Hunsaker 79, lira' O
Mannel S3. G. Mannel 86, A. J. Brannlean »i" o"
Feudner 56. E. A. Allen 99. J. n. Trego 118
Rifle, all-comers' medal. 200 yards— F r>
Young. 4:.. 47, 49, 58, 50: A. 15. Dorreli, 49"- g
Mannel, 72, 76. '
Military" rifle, medal. Creedmoor count— P
Becker (20 carbine), -17, 43, 43. " .. ,'
Pistol medals, 50 yards— F. O. Young 46 56-
E. Hovey, 47; G. Hoadley, 54. 72, 68 E6-'Dr'
Twist. 55, 59. 59, 68. 71: P. Becker. 59: O Feud^
ner. 77: Dr. Hunsaker. S6-. Mrs. Mannel. 8«
Twist revolver medal— C. M. Daiss. 49 53 57
58, 81, 63, 66. 70; P. Becker. 64; Dr. Twlet 88-
O. Feudner. 89. '
22 and 25-rifle medals, 50 yards— Captain Fred
Kul-.nle. 16, 23, 24, 25. M, 28, 27. 28; G. Mannel
22. 27. 30. 31; P. Becker 22. 23. 26 1 Mrs C K
Waltham, It: Dr. Twist, 34. '
Record scores, revolver— Dr. Hunsaker, E6; J
Handball Matches.
At the San Francisco handball court tha
following pames were played yesterday
morning and afternoon:
H. J. Rogers and TV. Walsh n 21 2t
E. J. Murphy ar.J L. Kenny .jj jj 21
X. PolMorl and P. McKlnnon 2t §1 "1
M. McNeil ami L. Kscolie ...m li h
K. Barry and J. TCirby a fj
D. Regan and J. Foley ;;;j2 13 J;
T. Me?.tanus and M. Dillon M 71 »l is ct
J. Nelson and G. Hutchinson.... 9 21 2> 21 13
T. Serres and J. Glynn 21 Zl 2t
\V. Johnson and C. MitchrU 3 12 11
P. Ba.=ch and Martin Levy 21 21 21
M. Berwin and C. U.isch 17 13 is
O. P. Haywarrl ar.il P. Ryan Jt n ft
W. Fisher and \V. II. Kedian 2} id 13
tV. Masrulre and H. Mcdlnty 21 It 21
W. Cavanaugh ana Q. MaKulre...™....l£> 12 IJ
O. Masube anl T. Leach 21 21 H 20 21
J. Condon and W. Cavap.augh...lT 13 21 21 13
J. Klilian and E. White 21 21 21
T. Foley and C. Lakln tf 13 9
R. Murrhy and J. Collins 21 51 21 IS 2t
M. J. Kilsallon an.l It. Ltn*-han..l7 13 20 II 15
San Francisco 6, Sacramento 5.
IF the god of fortune fasten his favors
upon any man or men, all that he or
they may do will avail opponents
naught."
So was it at the baseball game yester
day. San Francisco was plastered with a
covering of luck through which it could
not break. Many times the sacred nine
Hankorites did all they could to elevate
the Senate, but the upper house would
not assume its natural height. Thirteen
hits off Iburg. idoi that was, and only five
runs to decorate tho Senatorial escutcheon
reads, to say the least, as some dire mis
fortune. Then again" the Hanksmon
couldn't see Hughes' curves, all save
Iburg. who swatted out a triplicate of
doubles, three out of the five hits made off
Hughes' delivery. But six runs resulted
from these rive hits, which were buttered
with several molasses-like Senatorial
errors.
The crowd was the noisiest, the biggest,
the most enthusiastic and liveliest that
has fcvtr packed the Recreation grounds
for a baseball game. The fanatics were
congregated to hoot at anything, especial
ly the umpire. This they did in the sec
ond Inning when Sa.crumento pushed two
men over the rubber, botn runs calling for
a nice, discriminating, umpiral judgment.
Twice Krug tried to throw Sacramentoa
out at the plate and twice he failed. His
arm was good, his eye keen and Sullivan's
Kioves were in good sticky order, but
Hughes and Hanion were too swift of
foot, so the boy at the bell pulled the cord
twice and Hankville subsided.
After this Sacramento trod upon the
corns of the only man who worked the
luck game yesterday. In threo straight
innings Frisco made all its runs. Pabst
walked to llrst on lour bad ones, making
the sack journey on a subsequent steal,
family death and a wild Senatorial throw.
The third added a bunch of two runs to
Friscos' score. Reilly; Iburg and Hilde
brand played several colors of deuces with
Hughes, with the result of two ciangs
after the inning. Eut the fourth was a
shower of evil to Sacramento. A revelry
in wild pitching by Hughes, a hit by Iburg
and an error were all instrumental in
scoring Sullivan, Reilly and Iburg. Then
the local team stopped the run-making
game, giving 'he belated visitors a tantal
izing chance at it.
Here it was that tho Senators had the
luck of the proverbial canned shellfish.
The fifth was an old woman's surprise
party for them. A doublo by Stultz, a hit
by Dennie «nd another by Devereaux sent
the first named homeward. But Mclaugh
lin and Eagan tried the infield high suicide
act and both succeeded. Hughes there
upon hit the fence with the ball for two
bags, scoring Dennie. Hanlon walked and
the sacks were crowded with Statesmen.
"Kasy money," shouted some one on the
throbbing bleachers as Stanley walked to
the plate. He turned tho trick. Devereaux
scoring and again the bags were filled. It
was Doyle's chn nee next, but be showed
his pi(ty by thrusting the ball toward
heaven. Ancient Rube pocketed it.
As far as the score goes this ended the
match, but Sacramento gave Frisco some
spinal .i?.rs in the ninth. Several times
during the game the Senators coursed tho
bass only to perish at the doorsteps.
Perhaps the prettiest piece of fielding
was that of Eagan, who made a remark
able stop at second of a ground bail
throwing the runner out at first.
The score:
Sacramento 8, San Francisco 5.
Uncle Henry's nine met with a defeat on
the Oakland grounds yesterday morning.
The game, although noisy with hits, was
of the slow order. Knoll started the box
work fcr tho local team, but he was badly
punished at the outset and Fitzpatrick
was called in to deliver the leather.
The game lasted a full two hours, so
lonpr, in fact, that it was called at the end
of. tho first of the ninth inr.Aifr. Of course.
Hank knows he would have won had he
been given tho opportunity for the finish.
In the seventh and eighth the local team
picked up in work with the stick, scoring
thr€>e runs on hits coupled with assisting
errors. K;i^nn at short was particularly
ragged in his fielding work and Schwartz
of San Francisco was none too good.
The score is:
SAX FRAXCISCO.
AB. R. mi. SB. PO. A. E.
Rroekhofr, c. f 4 2 0 0 0 0 0
Hlldebrand. r. f 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
Schwartz, 2b ,. 4 0 2 0 2 4 2
Pabst, lb 4 0 0 0 II 0 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 2 0 3 3 0
Levy, 1. f 4 1 1 0 2 0 0
Krtigr, s. s 4 0 0*0 0 0 0
Reilly, 2b 4 0 0 0 3 4 0
Knell, p 1 0 1 0 0 0 0
Fitzpatrick, p 3 1 2 0 0 3 0
Totals 3G o 9 0 27 14 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLauKhlln. 1. f 4 2 2 0 2 0 0
Devereaux, p 4 1 0 0 0 1 0
i-'a Fran, s. 8 5 2 3 113 3
Hanlon, lb 4 1 1 . 1 11 0 0
Stanley, c 4 1 2 0 5 2 0
Doyln ,3b 4 0 2 1 0 5 1
Dennie, r. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 1
Stultz, 2b 4 0 0 0 4 2 0
j SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BII. SB. PO. A. E.
1 MeLauiehlii!. 1. f ;, 0 3 0 2 o 0
j Devoreaux, 3 1 4 1 I 0 0 2 0
[ l'ii nan, ?. s 5 (i 1 0 3 2 1
Hug hen, p 5 1 3 1 0 2 1
I Hanlon, 1 b 3 l l l 11 0 1
1 Stanley, c 3 0 1 0 4 1 O
Doyle, c. r 4 n 1 1 b 0 0
I Stultz. 2 b 4 110 3 4 0
; Dennie, r. f 4 110 10 2
Totals 37 S 13 3 24 11 5
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. RH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brrx-khoff, c. f 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Hilrtehraml. r. f.... 4 0 10 2 10
Schwartz, 2 b 4 0 0 0 4 4 1
• Pahst. 1 b 2 »1 0 1 S 1 0
Sullivan, c 3 10 1 "» 3 0
Levy. I. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Krufr. s. » 4 0 0 0 4 2 2
Rellly, 3 b 2210020
; lbur?, p 3 2 3 0 0 10
Totals 21 6 T< 2 27 13 3
I'.rxS AND HITS BY INXJNGS.
I Sacramento 0 20030000—5
; Hase hits 0 1115 12 1 1—13
! San Frnncisco 0 1230000*— 8
Base hits O 0 3 1 0 1 0 0 •— 5
SUMMARY.
¦ Runs responsible for— Iburg 3, Hughes 4. Two
base lilts— HuRhPs, Stultz, Iburg 3. Sacrillc*
hits — Levy, Stanley. First base on errors — San
Francisco 3. Sacramento 2. First base on
called balls— San Francisco 4. Sacramento 2.
I>>ft on bases — San Francisco 4. Sacramento 7.
Struck out— By Iburg 2, by Hughes 4. Double
play— Sullivan to I'abft. Time of game— One
hour and 40 minutes. Umpire— O'Connell. Offi
cial scorer — J. \V. StaDleton.
MORNING GAME.
Pitt. c. f 3 10 0 0 0 0
Totals 3C, s 10 3 *:4 13 5
•Game called at the end of first halt" of ninth
inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 2 0 2 4 f) 0 0 0 0 — 8
Hasp hits 31210010 2— 1<1
San Francisco 10001021 • — 5
Bane hits 21011022*— 9
SUMMARY.
Runs resr>onlsble for — Knell 4, Devereaux 3.
Fitzpatrlck 3. Homo run— Fitzpatrlek. Three
t<a»« hit— Easran. Two-base hits— McLauRhlin
(2), Sullivan, Schwartz, Levy, KltzpatricK.
First base on errors— Han Francisco 5, Sacra
mento 1. First base on called balls— San Fran
cisco 1. Sacramento 3. Left on bases— San
Krancisco 7. Sacramento 5. Struck out — By
Knell 1. by Devereaux -. by Fitzpatrick 2. Hit
by pitcher— Devereaux. Time of game- Twn
hours. Umpire-rO'Connell. Official scores— II.
S. MeFarlln.-
UMPIKE DISTURBANCE.
Millers Beat the Dudes in a One-
Sided Game.
STOCKTON, Sept. 2.— The Millers out
played the Dudes to-day in a game which
was quite exciting until the eighth inning.
Umpire Donahue's decisions did not meet
with the rooters' approval. The jeering
commenced in the first innins and con
tinued so presistently that Donahue at th.3
end of the inninp refused to act further.
Whalen and MuBkiman then umpired the
remaining innings. Score:
STOCKTON'.
AB. R. BII. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 1. f i 2 1 3 2 0 0
McGuckpn, c. f 5 12 110 0
Ktreib, lb 4 12 19 0 0
Courtney, 2b 3 0 0 0 2 3 0
Kafrrr. c 4 0 2 0 6 3 0
Hahbltt, s. s 4 0 0 0 4 2 1
Moore, 3b 3 l 0 1 0 l 0
McQai'l, r. f 4 1112 10
Harper, p J 12 0 0 0 0
Totals 35 7 10 7 *-!6 10 1
•Mangerlna out for Interfering: with catcher.
OAKLAND.
An. r. im. sn. po. a. n.
Prennan. r. t 3 1 1 1 2 n 0
Hutchlnson. lb S o 1 0 17 0 1
Franoks. s. « 4 0 0 0 3 ". 2
Arrellanos, 2b .;.... 4 0 1 0 0 3 1
Korchors, p 4 0 2 0 0 2 0
Kowman, 1. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Held. r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Manserlna, c 3 0 0 0 5 10
Kane, Sb 3 0 2 0 0 3 0
Totals 30 1 7 1 27 14 4
RUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS,
Stockton 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 S 3—7
Base hits 12100013 2—10
Oakland 1 0 0 000000—1
Base hits 201110011—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Borchprs 5* Harper 1.
Three-base hit— Harper. Two-base hits — Streib,
Arreltanea. Sacrillce hits — Moore, Courtney!
Hutchinson, Streib. Double play — Mangertna
to Hutchinson. Left on bases — Stockton 5,
Oakland 4. Struck out — P.y Harper 4, by Borch
ers 3. Base on balls— Stockton 1, Oakland 1.
Passed ball— Mangerina. Time of game— One
hour and fifty minutes. Umpires— Donahur-,
Moskiman and Whalen. Scorer— C. L. Rusgles.
Labor Day Game.
Oakland ami Sacramento will play at
Recreation grounds to-day to work oft* a
tie. The game will begin at 2:30. Borchers
will twirl for Oakland and Doyle for Sac
ramento.
ARTIST'S VIEW OF THE* INTERESTING FEATURES OF THE GAME.
Majority of the Series of Three Games Is Won by the San Francisco Hen,
Not on Account off Clever Work but by a Streak off
Exceedingly Good Fortune. /
San Jcseans Lead From the Mark
to the Tape, Never Being
Headed by the San
Franciscans.
Fi^cial r>lfr..utch to The Call.
FAN* JOSK, Sept. 2.— The Olympic Club
Kk": • Lmen ;Tn\«d ;>n easy mark for the
r>. .'u <:::>• Wheelmen in the iifty-milo
rd^y race at Asricultcrkl P:irk this aft
eraoon. an«i Cor the second tin;e this s=um
mer the Ban Joseans triumphed over the
jed "U." A valuable silver trophy waa
the prize contested for.
Owlruj tu x'.io rivalry existing: between
the i-.anis gT'-at Interest was aroused ia
Um race, but tbe event itself was feature
: !•¦ Garden City Wheelmen led
jr. :n start u> Snlsh, a.:id there was never
any da&cer of their being overtaken. Mc-
I>onald Hi. O. VC.i finished 300 feet ahead
if h. 3i. Smith at the end of the f.rst
mile iu 2^3. At the end of his five-mile
relay he v»a.^ nvt r a quarter c* a mile
iii.'.u'i < t th«- Olympian. Barnes and Lowe
Increased th:s lead for the Gardtn City
\\ !;¦•'.::> n, and at the beginning of ti:o
.<:.\t'<!Hh mile Wins; passed MoKcnna of
tin- Olvmples. Tho distance between the
Baa J<»se*-i)s and the Olympians was soon
increased t<> one an<l a half miles, and
there ii remained to the end. Bolger made
¦ ¦: g ride fur th<? Olympics In the
seventh relay, makinjj the distance in
13:20 and cuitins down Smith's lead
¦ oJ .seconds. He was applauded. Kus-s, rld
:i:pr in Tho lust relay, was also good. Ilia
time was 13:20.
J'< :i miles wire made In 27:13, fifteen
miles In: 43:07. twenty-live miles in 64:D4.
Tbe ridirs uiid the time of the relays foi-
Icu :
First relay— A. McDonald. G. C. W"., 13:03 1-5;
L. H. Smith, O. C. \\\. U:Ml
> mi relay— Ed Harries, c;. C. W., 13:42 1-5;
Flendersos. O, i\ W.. J«:4>.
TWrd relay— Homer L»>»^. G. C. XV., 13-12;
McKecna, O C XV 13-42.
.' : ncla? King, G. C. M".. U:1S; W. Ted
'.. ¦ • >. <\ v. .. U^S.
Fifth relay— Emll Aproz, G. C. W'., 13:."?; TL
V.'. Emory, O. C. V.'.. 34:".
Sixth r. :-,y— i;. Downlnc; G. C. W., 13:46;
Charles U.,i:k. ' ». C W.. 13:'*.
B*v« ¦ . \\ . Smith, «J. C. W., H:12; J.
]:. Bolser. «». C \V.. U3b.
KiKii'-h relay—!.. Emlth. G. C. W.. 13:"^; j.
1-; -aim. <• C. W.. 12:4a.
Xin:!i rtiay— ::. IS. Wattie. G. C. TV., 13:14;
P. H. tlanna. r>. c. *»v.. iC:.vi.
Tenth relay— Lece Downing, G C. \\.,
13:13 :¦:: E. F. Rusa. (•. C. W., 13:20.
Tie Garden City "Wheelmen heat the
Olympics nearly six minutes, the actual
tiding tirm- beine: Garden Citv Wheel
men, 2:I'J:1* 2-1; Olympics, 2:20:22. Homer
Lowe of the Garden City Wheelmen made
the best time, riding his fire miles in
1Z.12.
PACIFIC CRICKETERS
ARE BADLY DEFEATED
The Alameda Batsmen Are Victors
by an Inning and Fifty-
Icur Runs.
The- Pa rifle cricketers met with a crush
ing defeat at Alameda yesterday. R. H.
Hogue. on behalf of the Alameda team,
won tho toss and Bent the Pacific to the
bat. None of the Pacifies had their bat
tin*,' t-yes with them and J. J. Theobald
<i'i was the only mnn who scored double
figures. X.i fewer than six of the eleven
t red 8 and the whole side was out
for liv* ir = :;rnif;eant total of SL S.tundi r\3
and Ward bowled without change, tne
former capturing i wickets and the latter
taking 4.
The Alameda team, thoutrh playinjr only
iiir.i! men. had pajwed tho Pacfncs' total
i'. fore ihe fall of the second cricket, J. H.
i?aund<rs (30>. falling only one .~hoit or
the Paciflo* Bcore and H. Ward Jr. <ity
considerably surpassirs it. Five of tbe
Alameda batsmen made «!<>ub!e lipur«-s
iunJ th«- Iniang clawed f>ir IjI runs. Coles
was the most successful bowler ;or the
1'af-ific team, taking: three wickets. At
their second attempt the Pacifies did a !:t
t!e better, compiling (A runs, or a total for
both innings of 97 runs. The Alamedas
Uiua won by an innins and 54 runs. Tho
full details are piven below:
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB- FIRST IXXINGS.
11. C Casidy. c. Se^bpck. b. Faundors . 4
C }¦. CoJ**. h. Ward 3
Ji. Jamieson. b. Sounders *.* 0
Q, ThPObald, run out g
J. 3. Theobald, c. Richter. b. Ward 10
A. W. IVilding. 1. b. iv.. b. Saunders '.<
J. 31. Ha-bour, b. Baatidetv E
A\'. Henderson, c. Oroll. b. Siacifre 0
Vi\ G. MciK.r.aia. b. Ward 6
\V. O. Kelwood, c. and b. Ward 0
A. 1'.. Willis, not out 0
ICitriuS (1
Total -• 31
Runs ct the fall of each wickf-t— One for 7.
two for "'. three for 7, four for S, five for 22, Fix
for ~<. scv. n :or SI. oi^ht for 01. nine for 21.
tor. tor 21.
SUMUABr OF BO"^'LIN"G.
Howler— II R M w
ir. Ward 3r 42 21 — 4
J. H. Saund*rs Z'i 10 1 Z
Alameda CWcket Club —
J. 1?. Bauaders. K «"ol<>s ? r i
1? Bird. c. Willis, b. Harbour U
Ji. Ward Jr.. c. J. J. Theobald, b. Casidy.... t<i
V. C-cj'A, c. Jamieson, b. Ccles 14
Ji. 1!. HoKue, b. Coles 0
V. Seet.«?k, run out 4
XV. G. Konmann, c. G. TheobaM, b. CasMy.. 23
V. Stalil. r.iTt out ."... ;i
W. liicLter. b. Wlll'.s 2
Extras s
Total for eig-ht wickets 1;,I
rtuna at the fall of *aeh urtcket— One fnr Cv.
two for 77. thrpi? for K'7, four for 107, five for
U3, eis fcr 117, eeven fur 14S. eipht for ILL
EC3OIABT OF BOWLIXO.
Bcwler— H R SI TV
n. C. Casidy P6 f.5 2 2
C. P. Coles 72 44 1 3
J. H. HarV^iur 4S 23 1 1
A. li. WiMis 43 16 3 1
1). Jaroies=on IS 5 0 0
tholes bowled 3 wides.
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB-SDOOND IX-
J. II. Hurbour. c. B. Eird, b. Fortnvann . . . .11
A. D. V.'iliic. b. Seebeck 0
W O. Pellwood, b. Fortrnaun 0
A. W. Wildirs, b. Seeb^ck 4
J. 3. Th^obaid. c. Richter, b. Fortmann 7
<T V. CV.ie?. run out 28
W <J Mi.l>inaJd. b. Fortmann 0
\V. Jamieson. c. D. P.ird. b. Fc-ebeck 0
W. Ilendercon, b. Pecbeck 0
jr. <\ Caeldy. not out 13
d, Theoliald, absert _
Ilktras 3
Total «5
Runs at the fall of each wkkPt-One for 11.
two for 11. three fnr 11. four for 15. five fcr Si.
rix. fur 3!?. fioven for 42, eight for 4j, nine for
CO, ten ftr C6.
S1MMART OF nOWLING.
Bowler- B n M W
V. S*cS«>ck 4S 32 0 4
w. <;. Forcmana « z r > o 4
B Bin! * 5 0 0
if. Croll 10 0 0
¦ ? ¦
3utinc at the Resorts.
Though thousands of pleasure-seekers
visited the park an<l beach yesterday, no
accidents or incidents worthy of special
mention were report «•<! to the police. The
u*u:il largre crowd enjoyed the Sabbath
at the Cliuu-s. .Following are the result.*
<jf the aquatic contests at Sutro Uath&:
Fifty-yard flash— Won by W. Matlson. W.
W"j:b»-rt'«eoor.d.
f-wimrr.infr contest, under water— Won by C.
I^undJn, J. B.ani-1 s<?cond.
1/ivlnjf for Vlates— Won by J. O'Brien, J.
Pixon second, <:. Lundln third.
l'jo-y&rd air-ateur rate — Won by A. Sundburg,
F. Kyan second.
Pjirlnc-bcjard dlvlr.g— Won by A. Bundburg.
\V. OstroU second.
High diving— WVm by C. Aurustua, A. Sund
burs second. _!!?''»
Again Lower the Colors of
the Olympics in the
Relay Race.
GARDEN CITY
WHEELMEN ARE
EASY W INNERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACHAMEXTO, Sept. 2.— Entries for
the bench fhow to open next week in
connr-ction with the State Fair have been
closed and the feature promises to be a.
great card. The entries follow:
St. Bernards.
Novice, dogs— Xero, Mrs. Blanche N. Rey
nrlds; Sir Robert Bruce. Thomas B. Brown;
DiaMo II. Kritz K. Lueck; .\>ro II. Mrs. C.
Ma.--.-on: Grand Master Jr.. Phil C. Meyer;
Omar J'.hayvam. Mrs. FreU A. Getzler; St.
Bruno, C. H. Asnes.
IV.p« (limit)— sir llibert Bruce, Thomas S.
Brown; Omar Iihay\-am. Mrs. Fred A. Getzler;
J'iallo II. Kriiz y. Lueck; The Helm, IS. P.
Siilrt-r.
Doga (open) — Sir Bobert Bruce, Thomas S.
Brown: The Helm. K. P. Bllber; Diablo II.
Fritz F. Lueck; California Ktwracum. Oakland
St. JVrr..ir1 Kennels; Omar iihayyan. Mrs.
Fred A. Getzler; Grand Matter Jr.. Phil C.
Meyer.
Bitches (novice)— Beauty. Fritz F. Lueck;
Princess Kalrod. J. H. serian.
Bitclies (limit)— Princeai Nairod. J. H. Se
rian: Beauty. Frits F. Lueck.
B;tchos (open)— Beauty. Fritz F. Lueck:
I>a<iy Mflhxi, Oakland St. Bernard Kennels;
Alt* Racbel. l'hilij> C. Meyer.
SMOOTH COAT.
Dees (novice)— Watch, F. Cavagnaro.
Does (limit)— General B. K. S. Connolly.
D-.'gs and bitches (open)— Vienna. Mayzinl
Bros.; General B. E. S. Connolly.
Great Danes.
Puppy dogs— Bluebeard, Posen Great Dane
Kennels.
Lk>kk (novice) — Bluebeard. Poscn Great Dane
Ker.nfls.
Dogs (open)— Beau Emmmel II, Irving C.
Ackerman.
Hitches (puppy)— Maud S, Enterprise Ken
r.e!s.
Bitches (r.ovice)— Blue, Harry Masters.
Newfoundlands.
Dogs (oren)— Duke, Mrs. Phil McFarland.
Greyhounds.
Dcps an.1 bitches iokiii- Era F, P. W. Shee
han A S-.ns: Blackthorn. O'Brien & Sons; Sun
set. Ed Walsh; Kelsey Shannon.- Pat Reilley;
Hryan, John O'Connor.
American Foxhounds.
Dops (limit)— Murderer. Stange & Henning.
I>oes ioi*n) — (General Multke, Charles K.
I la 1 -ley.
Bitches (open)— MeiKi C, A. W. Combs.
Pointers.
Dngs 1 novice)— Sterling II. Thomas B. Hall;
I>i -k. F. M. Leui'tirt; L'uke of Son. K. J. John-
Etrn.
I>ogs i limit, ES pounds and over)— Repton L,
L. S. Repton; Jack, H. W. McConnell; Miller.
ia Hoy Crane.
Dogs <i<i,fn. under 55 pounds)— Lad or Glen,
George l>eale.
English Setters.
Bitcnea < limit, CO pounds and over)— Sister
GlenUjgh <j, A. Gall; Topsy, George Iluck
rnan.
Bitches (open, under 50 pounds)— Nellie Glen.
J. It. Burdett: Pat tie L. Thomas B. Hall.
Bitches (oi^n, 5o pounds and over)— Sister
GlcnbeiKh (}, A. Gall: viueen L. Gexjrge Leale.
Doj^s 'novic)— Jaiuep, E. M. Graham: Doo
Wor.ds. Harman Bonte; Duke of Danburj'. Mrs.
E. .S. Adams.
IX>ps <opr-ni — Prince. Dr. A. \Voods.
Bitches ( ( .;,en)— I^ady Orphan. J. E. Terry.
Irish Setters.
Dogs (novice)— Cinn A. P. B. Adams.
Hogs «oi*>n>— Mike T, John K. Brown; Sem
inole, H. M. Riile.
Bitches inovfce)— Lady Emmet. Mrs. Brown.
Gordon Setters.
Dogrs (open)— Tea. Joseph II. Parkinson
'rackerjatk, S. V. Ehret.
Field Spaniels.
Doc? (r.ov!ee)-r>an, J. E. Terry.
Dogs (open)— Royal Monarch 11, \V. S. Kittle.
Cocker Spaniels.
Dogrs (puppy>— Kcho, Bert F. McElderry.
T»ogs <oj.fn>— Champion Viscount. Plumeria
Cocker Kennels; Champion Harol. Redwood
Cocker Kentiels; Uufferin Pastime, Redwood
Cocker Kennels.
Bitches (novice)— Miller. C. E. Bauer; Lady
Gay!and. Hugh Mauldin.
Bitches (limit)— Peg Woffln^ton. Redwood
Cocktr Kennels; Sweetheart 1. Mrs. J. P. At
klr.s.
Bitches (oix-n)— Champion Polly Pastime
IlcivrtHjd Cocker Kennels; Mona II, Mrs. J. P.
Atkins.
Other than Mark puppy rtogs— LJ Hung
Chang. Bedwcod Cocker Kennels.
I>>gs (Jimit)— Hampton Goldle, Plumeria
Cocker Kennelt".
Bltchea < puppy)— Empress l>o\vager, Redwood
Cocker Kennels.
Bitches (novice)— Babyoro, Mrs. T. J Blight
Bitches (limit)— La 1'aloir.a, H*dw<»jd Cocker
K^nneis.
Bltchea 'open)— Plumerla Fancy. Plumeria
Cocker Kenntle; Tootsle \\\ Itedwoo<l Cucker
Kentl?.
Collies.
Bulldogs.
Xtnes form)— Harry Lacy, Leon S. Grecne
baum.
Dors (novice)— Pensarm Ralph. M. rv>ffey
Fuzzl Wuzzi, Mr.«. James H. I'arkinson; Shep',
!><>its (limit)— Verona Battle. Verona Ken
nels; Arnofs Rover, Miss E. Hammts.
l>o*s (open)— Verona Braw Scott, Verona
KtnncU.
Bitches (novice)— I^.(3y Hall, S. J. rtonvr-
Vrrona Hclle, James Arnot; Queen Carnival'
Albert In~.
Bitches (limit)— Verona Moonlight, Verona
Kennels; Verona B^lle, James Arnot.
Bltchea (ooen)— Heather Molly, Verona Ken
nels.
Bull Terriers.
Fox Terriers.
Dops (nnvlce)- Mascot, It. E. Rleltske; Mac.
Mr?. Charles Berkworth.
nogF 1 limit)— Admiral. W. J. H. White.
Poi?s (oi>en)— Woodcote Venom II. S. Chrls
tenson.
Bitches (open)— Woodeote Venus. John I.
Pi 'arrow.
r»oRS (puppy)— Kentucky Colonel, J. B. Rus
sell; Veracity. W. J. Foster.
Pop* (novice)— Russell Sasfe, Charles R. Har
ley; Martinet. Mrs. H. Tx>uden.
Do-s (limit)— Russell Rage. Charles R. Har
ley; AMen Swnjrsrer, J. B. Martin; Warren
Sceptic. W. II. Hickman; Dick, Dick Mc-
Crooiiy.
Does (open)— Th« Leonard. Oeonre Bell*
Golden Flash II, Mrs. Alice M. Martin.
Hitches (puppy)— Madcap, Mrs. W. Stacken-
Vina Belle, W. W. Moore; Our Cissy, AV. Hal
ley.
Bitches (novice) — Vina Belle, W. W. Moore;
Nuisance, Mrs. Charles E. Turner; Shlers, Ze
manKky Brothers.
Bitches (limit)— Carmenclta. Charles R Har
ley; I>ottlc. J. B. Martin; Vina Belle, W. W.
Moore.
Bitches (open) — Carmenclta. Charles R. Har
ley; Golden Restless. Mrs. R. M. Simpson:
Elmwood Vassar. I.,. II. Hickman.
WIRE HAIRED
Dops (puppy)— I^athrop Cronje. F. J. Walker
Bitches (open)— Eclipse Trilby. Thornnill
Kennels.
Irish Terriers.
Barney F, E. Courtney Ford.
Maltese Terrier.
Curio, Abe Wilson.
Foy Terriers.
Pugs.
Tiny. J. 15. Atwood.
Bitches fpupr>'>— Raby, Jimmy, Punci, Mrs.
G. W. Sandson; Topsy, Abe Wilson.
Japanese Spaniel.
Xlppon. Mrs. H. \V. Reddan.
Italian Greyhound.
Chldulta, Redwood Cocker Kennels.
Miscellaneous.
Fnortorenlo. Claus Anderson.
One of the Features That Will Add
to the Attractiveness and Suc
cess of the Great
Exposition.
Entries for the Canine Ex
hibit at the Sacramento
State Fair.
DOGS OF HIGH
DEGREE AT THE
BENCH SHOW
The forty-second annual fall rifle shoot
ing festival of the San Francisco Schuetz
en Verein drew a large crowd of marks
men to the Shell Mound range yesterday.
The verein marched in uniform from thr
headquarters to the ferry, headed by a
band. On reaching the park those not in
terested In shooting enjoyed themselves
in the bowling: alley or danced in the big
pavilion. A splendid orchestral concert
was given in the afternoon. By noon all
of the stalls were tilled with marksmen,
each endeavoring to secure for himse.f one
of the many prizes offered. The rewards
were liberal, the cash prizes amounting t->
about $:57.">. The sum c,t $l.".l 50 was divided
into twenty prizes, ranging from fZ>> to $1.
for the best centers, a like sum for the
most points. $H5 for the most red fla.t^ on
thirty-shot tickets as premiums, and prizes
were given for first and last bullseyes
made before anl after noon.
As the tickets on these events will not
be computed .ind the bull.seyes measured
until this evening the winners cannot be
here given excepting the tirsu and last best
shots. In the morning Louis Bendel won
the lirst best shot. The last best shot In
the afternoon was made by It. Stettin.
The first best in the afternoon wa3 won
by John Utschlg, and the last best in the
day was by A. Strecker. One of the no
table events of the day was the winning of
the diamond medal in the company shoot
by Charles Thierbaeh. This medal was
pu.. up for competition nearly fifteen years
ago for the marksmen of the organization
winning it three times In succession at the
annual festival. It has been temporarily
in the hands of many riflemen, but to
Thierbaeh fell the honor of becoming 1*3
permanent owner. The conditions of the
contest were three shots on tht- 2T»-rinK
target. Thierbach's three shots were 24.
23, 25—72. The other prizes in the com
pany contest consisted of jewelry, silver
ware and useful and ornamental house
hold goods. The winners and their scores
were as follows:
Charles Thierbaeh 72, D. B. Faktor 7<\ H. H.
Burfeind «7. W. J. Goetze 6fi, A. H. Tape t-'..
J. L'tsehig t>4, J. 1). Helde 63. H. Meyer 63. V.
Attincer ti2. K. Wertheirner (5», J. Mangel SO,
P. liv.st 59. i I.. Bendel .".:», F. P. Schuster 5J.
W. C. Morken r.S. S. Hetno 5S. J. Peters 5G.
A. Morken 56, W, Glinrtemann 56, H. Huber
58, G. Ipsen oS, L. Haake 5;., R. Stettin *5. J.
Lankenau .",4. J de Wit 5», \V. Ehrennfort :>i.
J. C. Waller 53. A. Hagedorn 52. A. Bertelseil
52. II. Hellbrrsr 5i F. P. Hathjen 51. H. Itath
jen ".!. J. Oefken 7,\ G. Schulz 50, J. Ceuttler
5i>. H. Stellliig «9, J. Tledemann 49. F. Hensel
4'J, A. LcMalre 41', J. Thode 4'J, A. \* Ott 43,
D. von der Mehden 4^, O. Peln 4*. A. Huber
4S. W. Oarms 4S. K. Finkins 47. O. Burmeister
47, 1^. N Ratlijen 45, C. Seyden 45. F. Hase
mar.n -I). H. l»rfin 43. F. Koch 42, H. Huppert
42, J. Kohl 41. J. Stroetgen 41. F. Atzeroth 41.
L. J. II. Seyden 33. Pr. C. H. Cranz 3S. G.
Alpers S7, P-Iiilo Jacoby 37, A. Jiuigblutt 37,
P. I'ape 37. F. Brandt ."I. D. SalfiVld 24. A.
nrownlnR T4. Georpe Rahra 32, O. Lemcke 31.
C. Gellert !'.t. li. F. ilaas 9.
The verein nill hold a social and distri
bution of prizes on Wednesday evening at
020 Hush street. The affair is in charge ol
tne following committees:
Oem-ral Committee — Georgia Alper?. t>. Ral
ficM. B, Siettin, F. II. Cranz, D. U. Fakto^.
O. I.emcke, John ThoJe. K. 11.
Huber, H. H. Hurffind, L. Earner. Charles
(ifllcrt. Henry Stellins. Henry Koster. K. P.
SchuHt*T. Hpnrv Prlen, L. Bauer, S. Oeflcen.
E. Ipsen. K. Goetzc. J. Utschljr. AVIlliam C
Mork.n. J. W. Coftze and S. Heino.
Printine— K. Wertehimer, I». Salfleld and
Honry Koster.
Prizes— O. Salfield, T). n. Faktor and Henry
Huber.
Bowlinp— H. Ips=en. J. Gofken. and II. II. Bur
feind.
Shooting— Henry Stellins. O. Lfmcke. It.
Stettin. J. 1'tschig, E<1 Goetze. II. Hubcr and
K. P. Schuster.
Wheel of Fortune — J. Thorle. William C.
Morken, Henry I'rien. I... Batter, J. W. (joetze,
Chark-s Gellert, 1^. liarner and S. Helno.
The Independent Hffies hold thrir regu
lar monthly eontest for clas-s medal?, ten
shots, on the Blunt target, with the fol
lowing results:
II. Reinhanlt 2.". D. Stiffens 23, Sprjjeant C.
Mitchell 21. H. Mitchell Sergeant G. B.
Worthinpton 34. II. Marzolf 2S, P. Iverson l.">.
It. V. Mither 37, Coi;-.<,ral P. Sctaoalc +). II.
OaeUln Jr. 25, C. Ilcring: 2S. L>r. w. A.
Meirdicrks rs.
Troop A, National Gunrd of California,
held a shoot with revolvers, ten-shot
strings, fifty yards on the Blunt military 1
tarfrot, and the following scores were
made:
Lieutenant Pierre SS, Lieutenant Carr 32,
Corporal Taylor S8, Corporal r,r»eninppr :;>>.
Corporal Rlddock 21, Corporal SchmUlt 13. H.
Puckhahor 3S. J. I. Drew Jr. "4, T. ,P. Lfh
mann 25, F. Thorr.ason 37, II. Martin 31. A. V,"
Smith 14. E. Kline 1<5. II. Tled-mann M, P. II.
Raino 2.". C.'N'icolai CS, A. Henry 33. F. Knsle
S3, 1/. Placremann 1?, E. A. Schmidt 27, K.
Bcrnzott 0.
There was a goodly number of militia
men on the grounds shooting over the
200 and SOU yard ranges. The scores. In
ten. shots ou tho Blunt target, were as fol
lows :
Company A of the First, SKI yarfls— W. Titt
Jr. 11, W. Kenealy 4, \V. Hintz 12. J. Staples
13, Lieutenant G. Stephens 3«, J. M. Davis 13.
H. H. Varney it). U A. Andth<>3 2». L.. II.
Isaac-s 7. o. Launduecl 41, O. J. Galvtn 17.
J. Iltijjhos 23, Captain C. White 43, G. N.
Ahrens 24.
5')0 yards— .1. Galvln 13. W. J. Pill 4. W.
Kenealy 6, B. <VNell 7. O. L^iunilu'-fi iS. J.
Hughes C, Captain White 1 ». J. M. Davis 5,
ritt 7, H. J. O'Xeil 2t.
Company A, First ReKiment. 2^1 yards — O.
"Welk 28, Captain Kallingf-r IS, F.H eltmuller
in, II. Roberts R, If. Bnxlerlik IS, J. Murphy
16, I. Less 30, William llerbst 4. J. Stahl 2S.
.T. O'Hara 34. F. Sullivan a J. J. Harilin II,
F. B«rtran<! 1^. I-.- Walker 4, Sergeant Mob 32,
M. Re I neper 17.
500 yards— J. O'Hara 22. F. Rcrtrand 16. F.
Sullivan 10. T. Simrr.onoff fi. J. Rtahl .">. J. J.
Hanlle 17. H. Jackson 3. O. Welk 1?, II. Brod
erick 3, AV. von Sta-Hn 7.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein
Held Its Forty-Second Annual
Prize Shooting Festi
val Yesterday.
Riflemen Have Contested
Long and Hard to Win
This Pine Trophy.
DIAMOND MEDAL
IS NOW OWNED
BY THIERBACH
Wild Tralee Shows Old-
Time Form and Lands
in Second Place.
Palo Alto, the Stake Favorite, Has
the Speed, but Lose3 by
Hesitating on the
Game.
There was much life and snap to the
running of Whitehead. the Lopez entry.
in the beginning of the final? of the
I'nion Park open stake yesterday, and aa
the hound went down the card showing
the way to all of his opponents his speed
seemed to increase. Against Wild Traleo
in the deciding course Woitehead took a
decided lead and won as he pleased, deny
ing a point to the runner-up. Under the
rare of Fred Price the fast bound r^e en
veloped a show of the speed that ho h***
Besses, and his condition was such that
no doc: in the stake figured to beat him.
Crawford Bra^s showed her fine breed-
Ing, and until rhe> was withdrawn put up
a clevor exhibition of coursing. In the
second round she took a hard course from
Annie Hall. The run was severe enoush
to warrant her withdrawal, but in tho
next round she went against Mose. The
talent flgurert on the gruelling work Braes
had done and thought little of her chances.
Slipped to a. strong hare the clotra went
to the same with Mose scoring- all of tho
points, and it looked that the price ot
rered on him. 6 to 1. was about right. It
was here that Braes did her fine work,
for when she joined in it waa all her way.
and her cleverness certainly merited tho
applause Riven her.
"v Alto - the stake favorite, threw
away hi* chances for the final by his oM
trick of laying off the game. In the sixth
round Gearys fast one was a 4 to 1 favor
y?J?IV U ,l 1(1 Traic e - and u looked a hard
I £ k i ror - in '- s rejuvenated stake win-
I ronrsfc* CObtly hesit *tlon decided tho
ww a 'v, Flush reach ed the sixth round,
wnere she was put out of the running bv
i favorite in TL\ nner - Flush was a «»**»t
S,\Vi « V hi £. KO on acc °unt of previous
hm », rk - , With three P° int9 against
Flora ih( ;, kUl hUt t0 ° S00J1
i ri , r Z- Mcr>pnald went out to Master
,;i;!«T '" l "t fourth round. The short-end
\v-u i -r Ot ,' to * on the winner.
imrnrt. i™^ <Htl s "' rn " K° O(l work and
ond place *' iSG " neS by reachln S sec
«t?vf*.i^ n - Wakett * * ot further along tho
Stake than was expected. He beat John
S?S t In f !'>'° in the fourth rnunfl at odda
tL a l . u flna!lv lost Xl > the runner-up.
p. 1 "/,, ™l s , .Wsults, with Judge John
trrace s official scores, folfow:
er°bea- '&? ST"" r>u^-Kay Eros.' Hawfc
?hM?' i. Mdri1 rn '-5 s Retina R. 4-3; J l\
\J f... J' P" Si fle R 1 * Wl»lteh«ad beat
llXlfflSfc?. ?"J" Penman K (Lrv-^
Irilan.1 ,-.,; ,\ Johnson's Bald Eagle beal Cor.
I'?-, SS A P chnr - *¦*; tdtm* & Tbompmon'a
¦rki.- % ¦ H'i'Ifn •< Scottish Chief b. at J. V.
Thirft 'Tyrone Prince !-«; .urtia « SOBS' W,r
v fn'' ? t V r; ! 5 - ha , Ken " p!s< Randoni Aims.
VMO. J. Carroll's Master Claire be.M Lowe *
KSP'SS?*, 8^*^ r> ' H1>1 - 7 -" : °- I'ill'.n-s Pew
drop heat J. li. Smiths aytraaom, J-2; p. A.
MoComh's Royal Flush t.rat T TlerneV'i Tea
Iiost>. 8-3; n. l. Taylor's Beauty Srn.t" beat
™« Kennels' Recordtns Aon] n-7- rasha
KenneN- iiurul Artist h^at J. Byrne**'Battle
rm^^ri, Ja . me3 I>*ane's Conacmara beat i:.
beat T. J. MrIn*>rn<Ws Annie Ifall I.vm- ¦
J. C.rnntn's Wllil Tralre heat J. !• Thrift' 4
ESJJE* Z:"' : ."¦ Lynch- 3 I^xinston CV
sohou a Ktns's r^rierer. l.'-T; J. button's M.n<
tpr Lawrence N-at K. M. Kellngij-a Sweet
Emma. »-5; K. M. K.llorjfi Iowa Hoy beat r>
1 I" , i , Iey fc " I 2- Uck - 9 - T: E - Gearys Pa!,, Aha
beat^Fuha Kennels' Ri*ky Attempt. <!-3: i:
M. K'Kosa'll Kid McCoy htat Pasha K^nnolV
May Hempst^aji. 8-4: p. J. Rally's The ( ; rHft^ r
brat J. Carroll's Erin's Hnp*>. 13.5- j } f IVri
g0 _l f'-.T'troller beat Jeff Martenefa F!!m' i-S
xJJ} iT 'l beat Hawker.' 12-1
\Vhitehead b^at Oai^ r.ov. 7-0- Jenn'e U'il* ,m
Eacle. R-O; Flora McDonald b«vit Soottlsh «'hief
H-4; Master Claire a bye; Royal Flu<(i beat
Pcwdrrp 3-1: ruiral Arti.-'t beat Rcautv Spilt
i.-s; Rude Awakpnln? beat Conoemara 9-i"-
Crawford r.ra*> 3 beat ISomm, 1D-S; Wild TraW
bfat I^xInsTf-n. 10-; : Master Lawri>nc. b-^t
Iowa Boy. r,-s : Talo Alto beat Kia McCoy, i-o-
Controlirr beat The Orafter, 8-5.
Fourth round— WhltPhfad bpa't Brutus > 0-
Hlsa fVnman beat Jennie Wilson. 5-3- Mnitrr
Claire beat Flora McTxinaKi. 10-5: Royal* F!u«h
Vv-'.'r. r # rn , 1 Ar '^' t - i" 2: Uudf? Awakening a bve;
\\ i'.rl Tralee beat Master Lawrence 4-2- Pain
Alto beat Controller, S-3. '
Fifth rnur.r!-Wh!tPhrar! beat Miss Tenman
S-l: Royal Flush beat Master CTalre. *-2- WUd
Tralee beal Rude Awakening. 14-4; Palo Alto a
bye.
Sixth rotinii— WhitPhead beat Rpval F!u=h
3-2: "Wild Tral"e beat Palo Alto, 4.3.
Derhllrs course— Whitehead beat V,'V.<i Tra
lee, 6-0.
FROM THE START
WHITEHEAD SETS
A WINNING PACE
SHAFTS OP LUCK SHOT INTO
THE LOCAL BASEBALL TEAM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1900.
MINOR BASEBALL.
Maxysvill* Defeats Gridley, but Co-
lusa Is Still in the Lead.
Fpecial Dirpatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Sept. 2.— In the second
league ganie in this city Marysvllle to-day
defeated Gridley, 7 to 5. Colusa defeated
Gridley at Colusa by the same score. Co-
Iufp. leads Marysville and Gridley ties for
second place.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 2.— The San Ra
faels won from the Golden Gates of San
Francisco this afternoon, with a score of
8 to 4
TARGET SHOOTING ON
SAN RAFAEL RANGES
Several Societies Come Together and
Shoot for Prizes and Monthly
Medals.
The ranges at Schuetzen Park were
crowded yesterday by the members of
several shooting clubs.
The shooting resulted as follows:
California Schuetzen Club, medal shooting.
Ftrst champion class— A. Strecker, 223, 216; V.
E. Mason, 219, 211.
Second champion class — O. Bremer, 220, 220;
H. Enge. 211. 205; T. J. Carroll, 210, 175: Cap
tain F. A. Kuhla, 202, 201: A. Rahwyler, 202, 179.
Firnt class— F. W. Belknap, 214, 218; C. M.
Henderson, 2C8. 19S.
Second class— C. J. Walden, 209, 208; A. Geh
rrt, 201, 190.
Third class— C. H. Saeehorn, 201, 186: F. A.
Echrumpf, 1S7, 161; F. C. Haserup. 178. 154.
Fourth class— J. T. Peck, 166, 153; W. Nolden,
160, 131.
Cadet claEs— R. Mayrhofer, 143, 129.
The Grutll Schuetzen Club held a shoot
which was well attended and some good
scores were made. The result of the
shoot was not made public, as the prizes
will be given out at the club's headquart
ers next Thursday night, at which time
the winners will be announced.
The medal shoot of the Marin' County
Club resulted as follows:
First class, C. J. Walden, 420: second class,
F. Klede, 331; third class, J. £. Kaneen, 307.
Crowd That Gathered Startled by tha
Noise Made by Exploding
Cartridges.
A fire started yesterday morning shortly
afttr 11 o'clock in the place of business of
Charles H. Newell, gunsmith, 1500 Market
str.ct. Kewell and hid assistant. George
p. Walther, were in the rear of the store
at the time, fixing up a shelf for fishing
tackle. Judge CabanlM war, In th« cirar-
6
An ostrich In the Cincinnati Zoological
gardens Is undergoing treatment by elec-
tricity for paralysis. Under this treat-
ment the bird has been able to swing first
ons les and then the other.
Lord Rothes. grand bootjack to the »ov-
ereign of Scotland, will snon land ia
America on a visit. Ills title ia hantUM
down from his remote forbears, who*»«
duty It waa to see that the Scottish sov-
ereign didn't go to bed with his boots oa.
"Widow** Row" is the name given to a
block in Kloomfleld, Hi J., where widows
10 the unlucky number of thirteen live.
There axe also more children there than
in any other block In town and it Is a.
fact That street cars are required by law
to run at reduced speed there In order to
avoid running over iho youngsters.Charles Gebhardt. residing at 102 Trum
bu»l street, became involved in an alter
cation with Charles Thompson, alias
Brooks, In the Klsso saloon. 427H Mission
street, laat night and was stabbed in the
neeck with a pocket-knifee. Thompson es
caped.
Stabbed During a -Bow.
According to the Mosaic teachings all were
absolutely equal before the law. The Israelite
was commanded to extend to the stranger nil
the tenderness and service of love which he
owed hts fellow Israelite. The One! or Israel
Is considered in the Bibl<» the «Jor1 or all hu
manity. The law was given to Israel for the
salvation cf all ir.ankind. The feeling of uni
versal tolerance among the Jews at nil tim*s
was the natural result of the Jewish bpllcf (n
one (Sod, one universe and one humanity. Th<?
essential bace of universal charity which trans
fuses the human heart with the tenderest
brotherly love, Judaism found In its convic
tion of the common origin of all mankind and.
es a result, that the whole human race will
ultimately be united In love, faith "and
thouKht, as children of the same parent on
earth and of the same father In heaven.
Last night at the Bush Street Syna
gogue Rabbi Isitlor Myers gave the eiast
of his course of Sunday lectures, the sub
ject being "Universal Toleration Taught
by the Jews, or the Attitude of Jews
Toward Gentiles." Rabbi Myers said in
part:
Tolerance of the Jews.
BOISE. Idaho. Sept. 2.— The managers
of the proposed fusion between the Popu
lists and Democrats took a rest to-day.
There i3 a belief prevailing nmong them
that they can settle the matter one way
or the other to-morrow, but there Is noth
ing to indicate what the settlement
will be.
Idaho Fusion deadlock.
SYRACUSE, N. Y., Sept. 2.— A fast mail
train from the West struck a carrlase
containing four people at Oswego Junc
tion, four miles west of here, to-night.
Patrick J. Foley of Syracuse, .n.ien -ley
of S"lit Rock, his sister and Joseph F.
Blanchard of Syracuse were killed, and
Michael Maroney was injured.
Tho newspaper charges that there Is a
deep mystery about the fund which should
be cleared up. The article has caused ex
citement in the Spanish colony, which
liberally subscribed for an addition to the
Fponish navy during the war with the
United States.
Three Killed.
MEXICO CITY, Sept.. 2.— The popular
organ here, I>a Nation Espanola. wants to
know what has become of the big patriot
ic fund raised here by patriotic Spaniards
for the purpose of purchasing a warship
for the Spanish navy. It calls for an open
statement of the committee's accounts
and declares that the war contribution ac
count will not be permitted to be liquid
ated in silence. . •
Warship Disappears.
Fund Raised in Mexico for a Spanish
ACCOUNTING ASKED FOR.
Fpecinl Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Sept. 2.-Four
young men who had been camping near
Powell Lake, a few miles from -Vancouver,
put out in a rowboat last night to meet
the steamer Comox on the return home.
The steamer, in the darkness, ran down
the beat and smashed It. and the four
were thrown into the water. One of them
J. Pride, shouted: "All here, boys?" He
said he heard three shout back "All
right." He then shouted: "All swi'm for
the shore, this side." He says he heard
two swimming in the water near him for
some distance. When he reached shore
Shortt and himself, however, were the
only two left to tell of the accident. Au
brey Lund, a clerk in the Merchants' Bank
of Halifax, and A. Vaughan, in the em
ploy of the. wholesale firm of Oppen
helmer Brothers, were the men drowned.
TWO MEN DROWN
IN VANCOUVER HARBOR
Six of Ten Southern Pacific Cars
Leaving the Rails Are Con- i
verted Into Kindlings.
DUNSMTJIR, Sept. 2.— Another freight
train was wrecked near here iast night
and fortunately did not result in SoSa of
life.
As the south-bound freight train, drawn
by locomotive No. 725, waa Hearing
Chromile at 11:30 o'clock last night,
ten cars loaded with wood and attached
to the rear part of the train left the rnllj-,.
Six of the cars were badly shattered In
the smash-up that ensued. Ono man only
was hurt and he was a tramp stealing a
ride. There was no delay to the passenger
train.
The accident happene.l at ihe same
place and in about the same manner oj
did the wreck of two years ago. at which
lime an engineer and fireman were killed
FREIGHT TRAIN SMASH-UP
NEAR THE OREGON LINE
E. W. Arnold and Irving Rathbon
Are Arrested on a Charge of
Disturbing the Peace.
Family trouble between Ernest W.
Arnold and his mother-in-law, Mrs. Mary
Henderson, will take them into*the police
court. Mrs. Henderson's daughter is
married to Arnold and the couple reside
at 2644 Folsom street. Mrs. Henderson
called to see her daughter yesterday and
Arnold objected to his mother-in-law
filtering his house. Expecting trouble,
Mrs. Henderson consulted Police Officer
J. A. Feeney, whom she met in front of
her son-in-law's home.
Shortly after Mrs. Henderson had en
tered the house, the door of which was
open. Officer Feeney saw her ejected from
the place by a man named Irving A.
Rathbon. This same man approached
Feeney and In a rough manner seized him
and demanded his number. For this con
duct Rathbon was placed under arrest
on the charge of battery. Arnold caught
up with the arrested man and the officer
and used vile language toward the lat
ter. Rathbon was also arrested for dis
turbing the peace.
Mrs. Henderson assigned as hor reason
for vlsltins: her daughter that the latter
was dying of consumption and that she
wished to see her before she passed away
DENIED PRIVILEGE OF
SEEING SICK DAUGHTER
Particulars regarding these extension
coarpea may he had by communicating
with Mrs. Mary L. Cheney, secretary for
university extension. Berkeley.
Ex-PrcFident Martin Kellogg of the uni
versity and Mr?. KellojtK returned last
evening from a trip around the world,
which occupied just one year lacking a
day. Dr. and Mrs. Kellogg made the tour
for pleasure and recreation and took It In
*asy stapes. Some considerable time was
ppent in each countrv. Japan. China. Cey
lon, India. Eeypt. the Holy Land, Greece
and the rri nc 'P al countries of Europe were
visited. At Obrrammenrau Dr. and Mrs.
KelJoffg witnesped the "PasSion l'lay."
"We were much interested in the play."
said Dr. Kellojrg. "There was nothing
farcical about it. It was very dignified
and was presented by the actors in perfect
irood faith."
Dr. and Mrs. Kellogg are at their old
home on Bushnell place.
University exercises will b«» suspended
to-morrow on account of the National La
bor day. September 10 and 11, the two
fiavs following Admission day, will also
be university holidays.
The 3nT~anp.f+ lancuni;* will be taticht by
Yo^hijaburo Kuno. Tup«d.iy ani Thursday
pxen'nrs at S o'clock, b^plnnlng September 1%
at Mark Hopkins.
A class in Cantonese is being organized
bv Wultrr N. For.g.
K< ur lwtnrM f>n "Pcdacory." by PrnfoK^nr
K. E. Broun, alfrnatc W».ln«jday afternoons
at 4 O'clock. t-eginnlnK October 10. at State
Nnrrr.al School.
T*-n lFftur<»s '.n ••T)i«> Kooloff'jps of Virgril." by
C. M. Bakewll. Saturday mornlns* at 10:30
o'rlock. beginning September S3. at Mark Hod
kln^.
Tpn U-rturfB on "The noolofrup* of Vlncll,"
by Dr. H. M. Hot kins. Friday evening! at 8
o'clork. eorr.ir.onetnsr SpntembT 21. at Mark
Jl^klnw.
The extension season will be- openen
Wednesday evening. September 12, at 8
o'clock, in the auditorium of the Academy
of Sciences building. Sift Market street.
San Francisco, by Professor Henry Morse
Stephens cf Cornell University, who will
lecture on "The History of University Ex
tension in England."
The following courses, free to the pub
lic, will be given at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art. corner California and
Mason streets; Young Men's Christian As
sociation building, corner Mason and Ellis
Ftr^ets. and In the State Normal School
building, Powell street, neir Sacramento,
San Francisco:
A lArture on "The History of England's Gov
*rnm«-nt of Her Asiatic D«>r'Pndencif-s." by
Profosuwr Henry Mnrfe Stejihpn.s. at K o'clock
Friday evening, .Sept^mb^r 14, in the Y. M. C.
A. huiUiinu.
Six !*ctur<!« on botany by Dr. W. J. V. O»t<»r
h<-,ut. Tu">wiay aft«-rnoonR. at * oVlivk. com
mr-nclr.g S*i>t«>mb«r 18. at Mark Hopkins.
Four lecture* on "Th«» Modern I>rama In
Norway. Franre. England and the Unltfd
Stntps." by Prr>f»*sor U Du Pont Ryle. Tu*s
<iny Httr-rnnnnn at 4 o'rlock, coramcncinit Oeto
bfr 3«, at Mark Hopkins.
on the 12th inst.. will cover a large
field and many important courses are of
fered. These extension lectures are free
to the public. Those who attend and sub
mit to examinations will receive univer
sity credit. Others may attend as visit
ors.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
BERKELEY. Sept. 2 -The extensi n
work of the university, which opens
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
OAKLAND. Sept. 2.— A very pretty
home wedding was celebrated at
noon yesterday at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. John F. Towle. 1933
Myrtle street, when thoir daughter, Alice
Gertrude, was united In marriage to Wal
ter Clark Howe of San Francisco. The
house was very prettily and tastefully
decorated, the prevailing color being
pink. Owing to the recent death of
the groom's mother the affair was
a very quiet one, only the Immedi
ate relatives and a few most inti
mate friends being present. After the
ceremony, which was performed «by the
Rev. Mr. Babcock of the Free Baptist
Church, those present partook of a dainty
wadding repast.
The bride, who is the daughter of John
F. Towle, one of Oakland's most promi
nent business men. Is a highly accom
plished young lady, well known in social
and musical circles on this side of the
hay and the possessor of an excellent
soprano voice. She has devoted much of
her time to music, being Identified with
St. Paul's Episcopal Church choir, the
De Koven Musical Club and kindred or
ganizations.
The groom, who is connected with the
equipment office, United States Navy De
partment, is well and favorably known
nmong the yachting fraternity on the
bay. He is one of the popular members
of the Corinthian Yacht Club, having
been identified with that organization for
a number of years.
WEDDING OF
MISS ALICE TOWLE
rejecting the conclusion.* of the commis
sion their decisions remained in force. All
tho thirteen doubtful States were thu<»
given to the Republicans, and on March 2.
1S7T. the count was finished and the voto
was officially pronounced to be 1S5 l>r
Hayes and IS I for Tilden. Hayes am!
Wherler were accordingly Inaugurated
two days later.
The acceptance by the disappoinfpil
party of thi* decision according to consti
tutional methods was a glorious triumph
of reason and self-restraint over passion.
The Democrats honestly believed the de
cision to be unjust and strirtly partisan
throughout, and their patriotic submission
under most trying conditions to the legal
though, as they deemed it. unfair action
of the constituted authorities gave to con
stitutional Democracy its last nm) great
est victory. JESSE MACY.
Towa CoUesre.
The canvass was not an exciting one,
but there was real discussion of opposing
policies. Republicans emphasized the
Democratic opposition to resumption and
scouted Democratic professions of reform.
Democrats made much of Republican cor
ruption, and derided the candidate as an
obscure and uatried man.
The great Democratic "tidal wave" had
begun to rise in 1S74, v >cn the autumnal
elections gave surprising Democratic ma
jorities in many Northern States. The
same thing happened in 1S75 and made the
lower house of Congress overwhelmingly
Democratic. On the crest of the wave the
party bow hoped to ride triumphant into
the White House. But the reaction
against Republican rule had In a measure I
spent its force before the Presidential I
election. The first returns indicated a
Democratic triumph, and it was even con
ceded by most of the Republican news- !
papers on the morning after the election.
Nevertheless the Republican managers •
The Apparent Democratic Success.
A large and powerful Republican faction
favored reform within the party, and
deprecated the succession of an adminis
tration to be controlled by the methods
and the men whose ascendency had
brought reproach upon the organization.
Senators Conkllng and Morton were un
derstood to lead the representatives of
the "Grant dynasty," while of the other
aspirants Elaine was the most conspicu
ous?. The platform adopted by the con
vention recited at length the many claims
of the party upon the gratitude of. the na
tion, demanded the fulfillment of the
pledge for the resumption of specie pay
ments and for a measure of civil service
reform, deprecated sectional ill feeling,
eulogized General Grant, arraigned the
Democratic party as still "the same in
character ami spirit as when it sympa
thized with treason," and warned the
country "against trusting a party thus
alike unworthy, recreant and incapable."
Mr. Blaine's name led by a large major
ity over every other until six ballots had
been cast. and. even on the seventh, which
nominated Hayes. Blaine received n. larger
number of votes than at any previous
count. William A. Wheeler of New York
wns nominated for Vice President.
Mr. Hayes won favor by his warm sup
port of civil service reform, and secured
tne votes of an influential section of his
party whose members had determined to
refuse support to any candidate who
would not pledge himself to that measure.
Many others were drawn to him who,
would have voted against a more prom
inent and experienced Republican politi
cian.
The Republican Nominations.
Not the executive department only, but
the legislature also was invaded by the
general . demoralization. The building of
two railroads to the Pacific Coast, both
aided by large Government grants, had
furnished endless opportunity for pecula
tion and perversion of fund*. Many Sen
ators and Representatives were charged
with complicity in the scandals, which,
on inauirv, developed in connection with
the corporation known as the Credit Mo
biller, which had control of the
building cf one of the lines, The shadow
of suspicion fell even upon the nation's
Vice-president and upon others of scarce
ly less exalted positions. Doubtless not
all the charges were true, but many a fair
name was hopelessly smirched. An act.
popularly called the "salary grab." passed
by this same mistrusted Congress, re
ceived public attention out of proportion
lo its real importance. It was a bill to
increase the pay of members, and its spe
cial ignominy lay in its retroactive fea
ture by which the members of the exist
ing houses shared in the advance of sal
ary. The whole matter was insignificant,
but was regarded as one more evidence
of Republican rapacity. The act was re
pealed at the next session of Congress.
The Democrats as a Party of Reform.
The discreditable revelations Jn high Re
publican circles gave the cue to their op
ponents. The Democrats entered the
arena in 1ST6 as the party of reform. In
a platform of portentous length their
nominating convention demanded deliver
ance "from a corrupt centralization,"
from "the rapacity of carpet-bag tyran
nies" and "the contagion of misrule."
Reform In the civil service was favored,
as was a tariff for revenue only, and econ
omy and frugality in the national admin
istration. Repeal of the resumption act
was called for, and reform in the curren
cy. Samuel J. TiMen of New York was
nominated on the second ballot. Mr.
Tilden had shown moral and administra
tive qualities of a high order in the vari
ous State ofSces that he had filled, and he
commanded the fullest confidence of his
party. Hendricks of Indiana, who had
ranked second among the aspirants for
the Presidential nomination, accepted
the second place on the ticket.
.j, <»
dais among legislators. The President'3
Judgment of men was untrustworthy.
Thoroughly honest himself, he had
surrounded himself with a greedy home
of self-seekers ana advisers and officials,
in the investigations which were demand
ed even the high Cabinet ofneer. the Sec
retary of War, having been impeached
for bribery', escaped conviction only by
resigning. The heavy Internal revenue
tax placed upon distilled spirits led to
much illicit traffic in tho West and South,
to the defrauding of the Government, and
in 1S75 a con.-piracy of wide extent be
tween the distiller? and officers of the
Government was uncovered. The dis
honest "whisky ring" was brought to
trial and several trusted Federal officials
were convicted.
Simpson; Hollfrmakers' and Iron Shipbuilders'
I'ulnn, F. Klalierty and M. Kord; CiKarmakers'
Union No. 22S, O. Kellner. K. A. ilnydston. \V.
H. Carter and H. V. Carter; Cloakmakera'
Union, I,. E. dp Salller and Albert Wilie;
HoTMBhoera' Union, J. Ferren and J. n. Cun
nlnsham: Barbers" I'nion No. ' 14S, H.
I^irky and O. K. Karr^nt; Ironmolders"
I'nion No. 1G4, C. Daly ami J. A.
Mix>re; Marine Kneinoers No. 33, T.
O'Hricn and F. T. Kohler: Marinp Firemen, H.
f.asky and .1. Kinc: Hottlers' l.'nlon. J. A.
Kittlewell and C S. Wills; Sign and Pictorial
I ninn. C. F. Shalk and CJ. A. Blackeller; Con
fectioners' I'nlon, M. Cohn and F. E. Pad
dock: Machinists' Tnlnn, \V. K. Saunders and
C. BrnwnlnR; Metal Hoofers' Union. J. K. Fay
and C. McCarthy: Pattern-makers' Union. A.
I-i. Joel and M. Kaufmann; Plumbers' Union,
J. O Leary and F. X. Kast: Bricklayers"
Union, O. \V. Smith and C. Cook.
A vote of thanks was extended to The
Call for its assistance in securing early
closing for the shoe clerks.
Committees of Association to Urge
Adoption of Early Closing
Agreement.
The newly organized local union. No.
410. of the Retail Shoe Clerks' Protective
Association, met last week and received
encouraging reports from the various
committees appointed by President Hor
ace V. Carter to wait on the labor organ
izations and ask co-cperation in Its ef
forts to secure an early-closing move
ment among shoe dealers. All the unions
that were addressed promptly indorsed
the movement, and the members pledged
themselves not to buy any shoes for them
selves or families after 6 o'clock in the
evening. It was also decided by the as
sociation to inaugurate an agitation
among the shoo-buying public containing
a request not to patronize the shoe stores
after 6 p. m. except on Saturdays and
evenings preceding holidays. The presi
dent was also authorized to appoint a
committee to wait upon the principal shoe
dealers some time during the first week
in October with a view to obtaining their
signatures to close on and after January
1. 1000, at the hour named.
The following additional committees
were appointed by President Carter to vis
it the labor unions on next Tuesday and
Wednesday and urge the support of their
members in the early-closing movement:
Woodworkers' Union. R. T. Smith and J. B.
SHOE CLERKS APPEAL
TO -THE LABOR UNIONS
Pain's great open-air military spectacle,
"The Battle of San Juan," will be pre
sented again this evening at the Sixteenth
and Folsom street grounds, and from
now on ud to and including Saturday
irtight, September 15. The production will
be even more perfect than on Saturday
nlght and the specialties, which were so
far away from tho audience that tiielr
line points were lost, will be ' brought
within seventy-live feet of the grand
stand. To-night, in honor of Labor day,
the pet pieces of the fireworks will con
sist of labor devices and will include
many marvelous moving works. A pyro
technic picture of Mayor Pholan will also
be shown. The performance will begin
at 8:30 sharp.
X.abor Day Fireworks.
Miss Clara Kalisher. contrajto, will give
a song recital at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
Hall to-morrow evening, at 8:15. She will
offer a delightful programme and will be
accompanied by Dr. H. J. Stewart,
The reopening of the Alhambra Theater
next Thursday evening for the season
i promises to be quite a popular event. The
season's opening night is unusually at
tractive, but on the coming occasion it
promises to ho doubly so, for th« attrac
tion to be presented is the popular suc
cess "Ship Ahoy,' 'with Comedian Ferris
: Hartman and a specially selected cast in
: the production. The cast includes among
: others Harry Cashman. Fred Kavanaugh,
Thomas Guise, Oscar Frank, Julie C'otte
and Gertrude Wade and arrangements
have Just beeji completed by the manage
ment for the appearance in the cast of
the great favorite llattle Belle Ladd.
The Chutes has another strong bill for
this week. Carroll, the whistler; Sid Bax
ter, a novelty juggler; Weston and Her
bert, musical duo; the Malcolms, sketch
artists; Baby Ruth. I^a Lista and a series
of new moving pictures, including scenes
of the Chinese war.
Fischer's presents Olive Vail, Amos C.
Cain, Hazel Wainwright. Horace Hanna,
Pearl Hickman, Dutch Walton, Howard
and Campbell and new moving pictures.
The Olympian attractions of the week
are Conradi's living statuary, the Morgans
and Kalacratus.
Howe, Wall and Walters, musical come
flians, head a most promising bill at the
Orpheum this week. Gertrude Mansfield
and Caryl] Wilbur, fresh from I>ondon
successes, also appear, with Frances Kep
pler. a widely heralded little impersonator
of 10 yrars. The hold-overs are all favor
ites, and next week Jessie Bartlett Davis
is announced.
At the Alta Captain Jack Crawford will
be seen in a dramatization of his life as
a Government scout, which he entitles
"On the Trail." Several well-known scouts
now en route to China have been secured
for the performance.
The Alcazar management presents this
week Dorothy Dorr and Howard Hall In
a "costly production" of "The Masquer
aders."
On Saturday evening next the Azzall
grand Italian opera company will open a
season at tho California Theater. The
opening opera is as yet unannounced, but
the repertoire is notably new and worthy.
Among the numbers never yet heard here
are "Manon Lescaut," "Fedora" and
"Falstaff," which the Tivoli nlso an
nounces, with Salassa in the title role.
Other operas seldom heard which will be
given are "La Boheme," "Mephisto."
"Ruy Bias," "L'Africiane" and "Forza del
Destino."
Clay Clement and L.. R. Stockwell in "A
Great Obstacle," an adaptation of Charles
Dickens' and Wilkie Collins' novel "No
Thorughfare," will follow Henry Miller at
the Columbia Theater this week, begin
ning to-night. The usual Wednesday and
Saturday matinees will be given.
In the former will be heard Russo,
Ferrari, Nlcolini, Tzain and Effle Stew
art; in "Carmen," Barron Berthald, Salas
sa, Schuster, Graham. Poletini, Rcpetto
and Lichter — a magnificent cast. Miss
Graham alternates with Signorina Poletini
as Carmen, and Signnra Repetto with
Anna L,ichter as Micaela.
5 HE TIvoll Opera-house will present
an exceptionally interesting bill this
week, with Verdi's "Ernanl" alter
nating with the favorite "Carmen."
AT THE THEATERS
CHICAGO. Sept. 3.— Three deaths and
one proFtration occurred here to-day as
the result of the beat.
A' ijyAoown . r>< pi. 2.— Another death sup
•>ed to be due to bubonic plague oc
curred hor*» to-day. Xinety-three cases
of the dipenfe are now under observation.
Deaths From Heat.
Another Death in Glasgow.
UONTPELIER, Vt., Sept. 2.-The cam
paign In Vermont olo*ed last night with
r><;:;tical gathering* Jn nearly eV ery city
and town in the State. This year the can
vass has not ber-n quite as vigorous as
that of four year? ago. although . the
Dcmocralt havt done a large amount of
work. The legislature fight and the ii
ciiiso issue will enter into Tu'-sda'.'s bai-
Jot 10 pome extent. The Republicans do
not expect to fqual the plurality of 40,000
which they secured .our years ago.
DEMOCRATS UNUSUALLY
ACTIVE IN VERMONT
M1LV.AT-KEE, Wi?., Sept. 2.— The So
cial Democratic State Convention to-day
nominated the following State and Con-
Ereeslonai ticket: Governor, Howard Tut-
Ue; Lieutenant Governor. George Dicko;
Secretary of State. C. C. Meir; Treas
urer, John Doerfier; Attorney General
Richard I-:!sn<vr; Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, August F. Iiuelow: Rail
road Commissioner, J'rank Ellis; Com
missioner of Insurance, Max Goers: for
Congressman — Fourth District, Robert
Melaner; Fifth District, Dr. II. C. Ber-
G«-r.
WISCONSIN CONVENTION
OF SOCIAL DEMOCRATS
CHICAGO. Sept. 1.— Governor Roosevelt
errivr-d in Chicago to-day from Ne*- York
and proceeded at once to the Auditorium
Annex. He was met by a committee rep
resenting about IK* labor unions, under
whose auspices he is to spoak at iJectirc
Park to-morrow. An understanding was
arrived at by which the programme, ai
far as Governor Roosevelt is concerned,
is to be carried out as announced. The
Governor will make the first addrpps in
the afternoon, so as to enable him to
reach the train for Saratoga, where he is
to make a speech on September 5. opening
th» rampn'gn in New York State.
His Western campaigning- tour will then
.be begun, consuming practically Bix
weeks.
_ «
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT
ARRIVES IN CHICAGO
tion ¦ -morrow, .ir.d leave at 8 p. m.
ov*>r the Jlaliimore and Ohio Railroad for
Cumberland, Md., where he will
i pea the campaign in that State Tuesday
night. The Cumberland meeting will be
followed by a two days' tour of West Vir
ginia, arranged by Nationaf Committee
• . -; McOraw. la he will
. <• ;in a']'1r«s in St. Louis. From St.
¦Louis Mr. Bryan will return to Lincoln,
l-iiore i.f will rest two weeks.
It: response to a request from the press
f< r • sentiment on Labor day. Mr. Bryan
to-clKnt wrote the following: '"The
laborer is worthy of his hire. 1 On this
day set apart for the consideration of the
w.m<- workers' interests let each one
inuuiro whether the man who tolis enjoys
a fair shar" of tho proceeds of his labor
and :f not let him apply a reined v."
Before leaving South Bend to-day Mr
Bryan paid u visit to Notre Dame I"ni
vendty and was shown through the insti
tution.
CHICAGO, Srr>t. 2.— William J. Bryan
the day at the Auditorium Hor^l
vith Ser.dU-r Jones and other Democratic
tician?. He will deliver a Labor day
BRYAN PENS /T LABOR
DAY SENTIMENT
That is impossible, for I know how
j=-.:rh things are done. The names for the
Legion of Honor are handed in and passed
• : :r m.-rits. I know that Mr. Peck
presented the names of Mrs. Manning
Mrs. Potter Palmer and Michael H. uc
Young for the order. As to the criticism
ovi •¦ there because of so many representa
t:v< s rr<>:n the L'nited States and the diffi
culty of supplying all with invitations to
evu rtalnmests, all I can say is there is
always trouble when a bis enterprise like
the Exposition is under way. There are
o.-rtainly many officials from this coun
try to the Exposition."
Ue&tenaots F. C. Brumby. T. P. How
ard, W. F. Moale Jr. and J. W. chann.
I* S. .V. n-iuriied on the J*a Tourain*.
Tnev are on their way from the Asiatic
''¦¦:¦' !'> rv;>ort t'> the Navy Depart
: ¦ • |
Miss Reilly, a daughter of Captain;
!;-.:;>•. who was r«ently killed in China.
.•••.: her aunt. Mrs. llice Smith, also ar- j
'sentatives at the Kxposition. In speak-
S i i the v t ory that Mr. Peck had me
etly worked to prevent Mrs. Manning
¦i Mr*. Potter Palmer from being dec
-a'.<-d by the French Government, he
NEW YORK. Sept. 2.— The French line
Steamer La Touralne arrived from Havre
to-day. In ihe cabin was Arthur Valois.
United States Commissioner to the Paris
Exjx siUon. He defended Commissioner
i '•¦ . ¦ ral Peck from the cabled charge that
: ¦ :.;:'i aided discourteously to State rep-
to the State Representatives
at the Exposition.
Says He Did Not Act Discourteously
VALOIS DEFENDS
COMMISSIONER PECK
Miss Dorr says it was the little church
comedies in which she used to appear
that kindled her pnsslon for the stage.
Charles Frohman picked her out at tho
American Academy, and when she was
Miss Dorr begins her engagement at
the Alcazar this afternoon, playing Dul
cie Larondlc in "Tho Masqueraders." It
is the intention of Manager Belasco later
on. to h;ivo Miss Dorr appear at a series
of special matinees in the Ibsen plays.
Miss Dorr is the wife of Henry j. W.
Dam. well known in San Francisco as
.secretary to former Governor Stoneman
and also as a short story writer and play
wright. Since going abroad Mr. Dam has
met with abundant success as a writer
for m.igaxines along scientific lines. He
has just sold a new play. "Princess El
sie." to Daniel Frohman, and he will
probably go to New York this winter to
aid in its production. He is now writing
with David Eelasco a new play for Mrs
I^slie Carter. It is entitled ""The Red
Mouse, and will be produced late this
coming winter.
WHEN Dorothy Dorr, the new
leading lady at the Alcazar, used
to act and sing for sweet char
ity's sake in amateur theatricals
given by a.n enterprising church society
ln the historic little town of Medford,
Mass., her admirers would marvel at her
wonderful versatility.
"Why don't you study for the stag:??"
they would ask. and although Dorothy
would axlmit to them that her one ambi
tion was to become a famous actress she
never told her father, for he was one of
those good old Puritanical men who saw
naught but demoralization in stage in
fluences. The death of the father, how
ever, removed the one reason that had
prevented her from carrying out her
plans. Instead of eqjoring Wellesley
College, as hed been her parent's wish,
she went to Franklin Sargeant, proprie
tor of the American Academy of Dra
matic Arts and acquainted him with her.
plans. That interview marked the begin
ning of a truly wonderful career, and to
day Miss Dorr ranks high In th<» histri
onic fi<-!d — an actress of rare talent and
a singer of recognized ability.
Howard Hall is to Ptar with Miss Dorr
In The Masqueraders." He is a play
wright and last seasan starred in "The
Soldier of the Empire.*
Miss Dorr was to have opened an en
gagement with David Belasco in New
Wk this fall, but the San Francisco
brother induced her to come West. She
is a woman of striking i^rsonality and a
charming conversationalist. It is likely
that she will give a series of private mu-
Blcalea at tho homes of some of the city's
wealthy society women during her stay
here.
Regarding the Knjrlteh stago Miss Dorr
says that it is <1«-lightful in one particu
lar respect. "Artists of prominence," she
Bays, "have more social prestige there
than in America. The English theater
seems to carry a social weight not char
acteristic of the American stage. It takes
a long time for an artist to win the Kng
iish people, but once they love you there
is no limit to their loyalty." This pecu
liar characteristic. Miss " Dorr says, is
more pronounced in San Francisco than
in any other American city. 'The West
ern people are critical, buMoyal to those
whom they like."
After closing a satisfactory season with
"Shenandoah" in New York Miss Dorr
went abroad and studied for the grand
opera under I^a Grange. Her first ap
pearance on the English stage was at the
Vaudeville in London in the society
drama. "Diamond Deane." written by
her husband. After a successful run she
played a round of parts in various plays
and then took Mrs. Patrick Campbell's
place as leading lady at the Adelphi.
While abroad Miss Dorr became a great
social favorite, numbering among her
most intimate friends Mrs. Craigie. who
writes under the name of Jdhh Oliver
Ho-bbs, and Colonel and Mrs. Fitz George.
Colonel Fitz George is a son of the Duke
of Cambridge, who is a cousin to the
Queen;
"The Golden Giant." at the Fifth Ave
nue. Later she played Catherine in Wil
liam Gillette's version of "Robert Els
more." and when "Shenandoah" was first
produced by a picked cast Miss Dorr
played Mrs. Haverill.
yet In her teens engapred her as leading
lady in "Held by the Enemy." After two
weeks In Chicago Miss Dorr was sum
moned by Mr. Frohman to New York to
take the principal role in a new play.
The State rate is much lower than last
year, and the Supervisors have lowered
the county general fund's apportionment,
and have left the school fund at the same
tigure.
The county infirmary fund has been
increased 2 cents, the money to be raised
by this additional tax to be used In erect
ing new buildings at tho infirmary. This
was deemed a better plan than trying
to bond the county, for the buildings are
badly needed and Alamerla County is now
without a dollar of bonded indebtedness.
The building to '.be erected with this
money will be a hospital proper with an
operatiner-room and emergency wards.
The buildings at the infirmary are very
old, and very expensive to maintain in
consequence. Dr. Clark, tho superintend
ent, has put them in excellent condition,
but they are crowded, and more room is
an imperative necessity.
The road fund has been increased in
order to make some needed improvements
In some of the mountain roads between
Alameda and Contra Costa Counties in
the interests of the growing trade be
tween the two counties.
Corruption in High Places.
General Grant's second term was made
memorable by the discovery of numerous
flagrant instances of official corruption
in the Government and disgraceful scan
a. <?>
The civil-service reform so hopefully in
augurated by the act of 1S71, which re
quired the maintenance of a system of
competitive examinations for official ap
pointments, did not find favor with the
practical politicians who manipulated
party affairs. Their power ami influence
were restricted by the loss of the patron
age of which the act deprived them. Hy
the end of 1874 Congress would no longer
vote the necessary appropriations for
carrying on the work of the commission,
and the noxious spoils system was prac
tically restored in full vigor.
The Spoils System Once More.
Various causes were now bringing about
a formidable reaction against the party
so long in power. The "Liberal Republi
can" movement of 1ST2 hail given unmis
takable Indication of a turn In the tide
which was still more apparent four years
later. Certain elements which had join
ed the party during the war were drop
ping away as the special bond which had
held them was relaxed; the military policy
still persisted in in the South continued
to alienate a large independent section of
former adherents, while, as is usual, the
"hard times" which followed the crisis
of 1873were charged to ill-advised financial
measures of the Government. But among
the most powerful of the disintegrating
forces was a widespread belief that the
party had become radically corrupt and
untrustworthy.
XX.
Republican Decline.
The Settlement.
The result turned upon decisions respit
ing many complicated and bewildering
points, and these were relegated to an
Klectoral Commission created by Con
gress, which consisted of five members
from each house of Congress and five
from the Supreme Court. Eight members
of the commission were Republicans,
seven were Democrats, and upon every
question decided a strictly partisan vot»
was given. When there decisions, ono
.ifter another, tame before the two
house? for their acceptance or rejection,
on objection being made they separated
to consider the acts of the commission.
Voting on party lines, tho houses dis
agreed, and since they could not unite In
Unscrupulous and Irregular proceedings
on both sides further complicated the sit
uation. Party officials were accused of
Juggling with the figures for party ad
vantage, and efforts to bribe one or more*
of the electors were actually made. So
great were the stakes, so "little wouM
turn the scale, that the temptation f>
yield a moral point for the sake of party
was almost irresistible to fallible human,
nature.
One Northern State also sent double re
turns. Oregon elected Republican elec
tors, but one of the three was decided by
the Governor to be Ineligible, and h»>
therefore gave a certificate to one of tht>
Democratic electors. The three Republican
electors, however, met. and, having cer
tificates from the Secretary of Htate. cast
the vote of the State. The one I>emocratio
elector, finding that tho Republican elec
tors would not join with him, choso two
other electors from his own party, and
the three gave the vote of Oregon to Tll-
Uen.
An exciting and fateful contest fol
lowed, lasting for four months and sub
jecting cur constitutional Government to
even greater strain than it had suffered
in the stress of civil war. Four States
each made two sets of electoral returns.
Uoth parties were freelv charged with in
timidation and fraud in several of the
Southern States. Louisiana, equipped
with two State Governments, two Gov
ernors, two returning bo.irda and two seta
» *"^i" tor9 ' °' course pent double returns.
In Florida the Republican electors werft
given certificates by the Governor and tho
canvassing board, but a decision of tho
court sustained the Democratic electors.
a v? «V oth collies me t ant i east the vote ol*
the State. Similar proceedings took placo
In fcotith Carolina; Hayes electors re
ceived certificates from the canvassing
board, but the Democrats pleaded the in
timidating presence of Cnitetl State*
troops near the polls on election day, and
their electors asserted the right to cast
the btate vote for TiMen.
Disputed Returns.
sent out a statement the same day from
the headquarters at Washington that
Hayes was elected by one electoral vote,
the States of South Carolina. Florida and
Louisiana having* gone Republican.
THE DISPUTED ELECTION.
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.
A.7V\ER.IC:/\IS POLITICAL PARTIES.
There will be some Important changes
in the rate this year, which, on the ag
gregate, Will be lower than last year. The
ligures, as compared with those of last
year, will be as follows:
The Board of Supervisors has fixed the
tax rate in committee, and it remains only
to make the formal ratification at the
meeting on Tuesday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 2.
More Roads Wanted, but Still the
Tax Bate Will Be Lower
Than That of Last
Year.
Improvements Necessary for
the Old County In
firmary.
TAX RATE FOR
ALAMEDA IS
AGREED UPON
Hall was at one time District Attorney
of Santa Cruz County and afterward rep
resented that county in the State Assem
bly, where he did meritorious work. Af
ter leaving Santa Cruz he came to this
city and opened a law office at 214 McAl
lister street. He leaves a wife, but no
children.
The letter was written by Dr. Dcaa.
Hall left here several months ago to seek
his fortune at Cape Nome. He was ac
companied by Dr. Deas and several otn
er friends. According to the letter which
was received yesterday, Hall, becoming
dissatisfied with the condition of affairs
on the beach at Nome, decided to explore
tne country furtner inland. He* was ac
companied by two other men, both of
whom were experienced miners. After an
absence of several weeks Uie two miners
returned, bringing news that Hall, unaole
to continue furtner, had dropped down
In the snow and perished, his comrades
being unable to assist him. Only after
untold privations did they succeed in
reaching Nome in a condition bordering
on complete collapse. Tney feebly tola
the story of the fate of Hall and n rescu
ing party was immediately formed. Af
ter searching tne frozen ground where
Hall was supposed to have fallen they
returned to Nome without the body of
tne unfortunate attorney.
A letter received in this city yesterday
from Nome conveys the sad news that
James Hall, a well-known attorney, at
one time a member of the firm of Hall,
Ford & Kelly, perished in the frozen
North while searching for gold.
Was at One Time District Attorney
of Santa Cruz and Also Assem
blyman From That
County.
Comrades Are Unable
to Assist Him.
Perishes in the Snow While
LAWYER HALL
DIES IN FAR
AWAY ALASKA
The- balloon had risen only a short dls
tar.ee and the girl had barely cleared the
furnace top before tho ropes gave wsy
which caused her faJl They had been
¦used to hold the balloon in place but as
etx>n as the girl's weight was fairly upon
them they snapped. If she had been car
ried higher before thii break the darlne
young aeror.aut must h»v» b«*on dashed
to pieces. It is supposed that the ropes
must have either boen defective or
burned by sparks from th© furnace over
which the balloon was Inflated. No fur
ther atterrnt was made to have an a.«
?•ension. The balloon quickly collapsed af
ter the weipht upor. it v.-a.s released.
Uie immense cruwd. A score of men
rushed to the young ¦woman's assistance,
fahe -was picked up and carried to a
pavilion, where physicians were called.
Sh<! was suffering Intenso pain and it was
Reared Internal injuries wore sustained,
i-ater the aeronaut was removed to her
/".orn« In San Francisco. That the acci
dent occurred before the woman had as
oended into micair was undoubtedly her
salvation.
There -was a cry of horror throughout
Oakland Office Kan Francisco Call.
U1S liroadway. Sept. 2.
By the breaking of balloon ropes this
afternoon Lena Moretz. an aeronaut,
came near meeting a horrible death at
Oakland Tark. The big canvas bag had
Just been released with the young- woman
cMngir:* to the stringine parachute bar
| sen there -was a crash and the girl fell
Tb .ckward twenty-five fe*t, striking upon
lot of iron pipe about the furnace
where the bag had be^n ttllod.
Her Hoxna in San
Francisco.
Suffers Greatly WlLen She Recovers
Her Senses and Is Taken to
Drops Twenty - Five Feet
Through Breaking of
a Rope.
GIRL AERONAUT
HURT IN FALL
FROM BALLOON
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, MOXDAT, SEPTEMBER 3, 1900.
Comes From Her Triumphs in England
and the East to Thrill San Fran
cisco Theater-Goers.
ALCAZAR'S NEW LEADING
LADY HAS RARE TALENT
MISS DOBOTHY DORE.
SAMUEL J. TILDEN.
RUTHERFORD B. HATE3
Used Knife in Fight.
John II. Young was arrested by Officer
Campbell last night and charged at the
Caluornla-Btreet Police Station with as
sault with a deadly weapon. Young cut
Fellco Cavo about the head with a pock
et-knife. The prisoner claims he was
obliged to use the weapon In self defense.
* *
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
FUND.
I This I
Year. 1
I Last
I Tear.
i
State tax
IO.4DS
J0.C01
County General
County Infirmary
School
.409
I .10
| .23
1 ;
.402
.08
•25
Total inside olttes
Roads
i 51-25 j
!_ 4 _J
I $1-31
I .35
Total outside cities...
I U.65 |
j $1.63
FUND.
I This I
Year. 1
I Last
I Tear.
i
State tax
IO.4DS
J0.C01
County General
County Infirmary
School
.409
I .10
| .23
1 ;
.402
.08
•25
Total inside olttes
Roads
i 51-25 j
!_ 4 _J
I $1-31
I .35
Total outside cities...
I U.65 |
j $1.63
Ul/. T. HESS.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claua Spreckeli Illds.
Telephone Brown 921.
Residence, til California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco. ¦• • ¦ •
k 1}
WuKIr Gdl.SLOO wTUf
GRAND HOTEL
Connected by a covered pasMaseway and
oreratol under one man»?' i ment on the
American and European plans.
It la universally acknowledged that these
hotels possess the attribute.* that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and location.
PALACE HOTEL
Open Evenlnes. Near Powell.
Fre« Delivery Within 200 Miles.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Country Houses, Hotels, Plats
and Cottages Furnished
Complete.
CREDIT IF DESIRED.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 1 x^y^^'^^A ¦¦'* vjJZrTHE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1900.
8
fAS FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Pan Francisco
Call, corner of Market «uid Third streets, open
ur;t!l 12 o'clock evory nicht la the year.
BRANCH OmCEWO Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
(00 Haye» street; open until S:SO p. m.
CZ9 McAllister ptreet; orfn until 9:30 p. m.
fJ5 Larkln street; cp*-n until S:30 p. m.
:^41 fcUadoa Ftrr^t; open until 10 p. m.
r^GI Market ftwt, corner Sixteenth; open
until s n. m.
V<i Eleventh street : open until 9 p. m.
:<"«<; Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second end Ken-
tucky rtrp^ts; open until 8 p. m.
SIEETIXG SOTICES.
COLDG3C OATE Commandery No. 18. VL _\
T.. Golden Gste building. C5 Sutler st. *gsfi
¦ —Stated tFffmhly THIS EVF.NING at ff>
ft o'clock. Tl.<» or.1»r of the Temple will VV
be conferred. All fraters are tour-
teousljr invited.
robrrt McMillan, ex. com.
V.IMJAM F. FONDA, Recorder.
FAN FRAN'nS'V) charter No. 1. Royal -__
»-¦ Mas :.-. meets THIS EVENING. VJV
P'l^rse's. jvprees E and €. *tt *
OCCIDENTAL Lodpe No 22. F. and~jT ft ~
M— THIS (MONDATI EVENING at 8 _g^_
O'clock. Stated meeting. _f
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec /VN
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and a7~M- m
—Stated meeting THIS DAY (Monday). _J%
F<*pterr.bc-r 3, 1000 at E o'clock f. m. 2f
Jly vr<!»r of the W. M. /V>
L. SCHUMACHER. Sec.
CLAN FRAPER. Order of Scottish . 0-;*.
Clans — Corjiplimeiitaxy musical and Cm &1
literary entertainment THIS <MON- _KJL_T
PAY) F.VHNING, Laurel Hall, 32 **38»
OTarreU Et.. P o'clock. Lecture by Rev. T.
<". BwtOB, P.P.. of Washinston. D. C. sub-
.1e<t, "The Old and New." Members and
ular monthly meeting
DAT, September ". 1909. j_&^__^2r%i
at 7:30 o'clock n m.
A full attendance, is re-
oupfrted as bustnoM of special importance will
come before the meetinr.
, __ J 1_£^ fPEAR. Secretary.
a. o. h. pi vision K9.M.-Th»:nt'%^m t
!ax monthly me-tin? of this division vVXjf
525 ._** heId at Hihemia Hall 120 »"-'#
T I cr ivv~v J °J IN " KEX *Y. President.
7. L.. CLANCT. Secretary.
£^l^iT£T- a^ir' e * Un f S *£ Pente «»l Mission
nan. EPij Fourth E t.. by Rev. John Bennett
Ancen-on British si r^lng pilgrim. Aug.
to Pert. V; you are invited.
ATTOnXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private-
»°r>-r«'£. ' Rlthout fuccess: collections. G. W.'
HOW E. atty at law.^sso Market, cor.Etockton.
R. W. KING, attorrey. et.fToomT'V
ger-fral practice; moderate fees; consult, froo.'
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates'
co.iectlor.8. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery.'
ADVICE free: ro charge unless f=ucce-^uT~w"
W. l.'AVIDSON\Si7_2^rket_«t. ; _opjr Mason!
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., ?27~Mar^ i
ket gt. ; consultation free; r.o fee« in advance. I
CUSTER .HERMAN J.. attorney, Sf^MarT^t !
ft., r. iti>: opm eve.. 7-9; consultation free i
_-- !
AGF.M'S WA.M'ED,
•*5 TO *59 daily easily made^by our^LTve :
Aper.tf. men cr women, eellinfr our latest •
novelty, campa'.pn waterproof neckties; goods ]
entirely new and patented; apents del'frhteii- !
faJes unlimited: what others do you can <Jo : :
time is ehort; write to-day and secure exolu-
mvm territory: fruaranteecj Lest seller. Ad- ¦
drew, with stamp, M. & M. MANFG CO '
department C. Springfield, Mass.
LADY solicitors everywhere; female tonic; pre- !
vt-ntlve.. corrective. 350 Phelan building. S .F. >
AGENTS of ability ar.d experience ln life !nsur- i
ance. Call_at_room 101, S37 Market, cor. Sixth. ;
retveot novelties for agents. PA- ]
CIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. S461 lHh Pt. |
ASPHALTPM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalT^fiV.grsTde'waTksrceiiar !
..<y.-n .8.U*. n^alrv^; postal. 11? « Mlsglcn st.
ASTROLOGY.
MME. HICKET, astroloirist; peryouVhoroscope
with full explanation of your future, 50c; card
reading ar.d t aimlEtry. 25c 1SS3 Mission et. .
BATH CABIXETS.
ROBINSON $5. 4V~n*T7oTa"i^T^o7c^elisTni : m '
ar.d F afe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 416 Ellis. |
j
_BOARD1.\C FOR CHILDREN.
GERMAN widow would like one or two chil- j
<iren to board; pood care and home. 14 Capp. i
UL>TxiI7s~CUAACEs!
A.— CORNER r!g»r Ftore on Kearny" etTTcleer^
2V 8 1^°^ *? 5 ° I * r month - CaJ1 K- °- WILKE,
A : -tW; CORNER saloon on Poik~rt7;~To^e I
iea^e; ci,*&r> rent; fim-cla« paying buslr.e*.;.; j
~?f5r? 22?^£ caus * ot tale. Se« R. G.
"'J-'KEI. J<.} 2 Kearr.y Ft.
B i5 A ¥^ OJf i clO5e toiMwHaU of Jwtlee; i
« <*. VVILjma. IG-j Kearny st.
?__?&*&?__?__)-__** • te «*rter. Bt^t t
aad Wei?s be« r breweo; Investicate- a rare i
cha^e. ce'l R. G. WILKE. |
STATIONERY, notions and ice cream !
par.ors. connected with peneral agency of all !
$ ';. ,L V* 1 *" 1 K'neral wncj- cf 2 steam
SLi i "*S town across the bay ;
Keamy n. i
A «*-°r,1ic? A^ E^ T ' 2 ""*" EOuUl of Market '
« place estah. years; doing; a good business- I
g <«y.t gtottallmr* B. Q.\ WILKE.- JSjj Kearny. )
wante-5: g^od paylnr" business: i
Mark£ ft. eUaranleed ' COW*1NO _ CO.. 719 j
A^ fLLLIN " ERT etor *: best ever offered oTI '¦
A^2f S v A '~ RANT arui °>" s:t< ' r SoSS comrMr^dT '
<v)., 719 Market.' j
"WE have largest list of salons, hotels trr^ |
iTt n<?tt iJi lK ' ar styrM - <3"Hcatesi.ens. etc. ln^rie
bet - ™" and f**
*^A^m N i" U "S^I^~ bBr: ***-**¦ Me-
IjA '- (jHU - > & CO.. 777-^ Market st.
FALOON for tale; opiK^ite f^rrv Annlv ill
S pV2?^, a °" *}T ct - <ioln * frood~bu s ine« 8 ..|
—: }_ 1 I_ i^__ t ±} : _± L Brewery. 313 Fulton tt.
J6«-branvh bakery .adaeucaie,; a n^T^:
VS a'LV ? Tf "' fi " lPct r^^fnee district; West- I
v. iOn: coffpe I''« rl " r : • living rooms I
Ct ;^, :CmplKe ' y ru , r 2? EhM; ««•• •"« '
portanie sand oven; rent J*0- on acctiunt <if I
111 health Box 4064. Call. ' I
CORNER grocery and bar for sale- location I
™ «.«»• b "^ in the city; bargain * ° b 1
llshed 15 years: rent cheap. For particulars
£! 0 F^^Lo? Urth R °° r - Parr0 " bU »"
%i53 ! ViI.%_??Z??'. ! ra<!i "K with Indians can |
heventernth EL^J^nver. Colo. ' j
living rooms; !„„* l^f 'icfn^l thtkrV-
good iocatlon. »r. S:xteenth%t tnaare -
FINE location for thoe store in racidlv m- '
ing neighborhood: fixture, com P ",e - 11 ? r ™^
rent reasonable. Northeast corner Thl™_2Z'
and Clement Ft.: Putro rars pass door . !
F^»R 6ALE-A bargain; a smaiTmllirbuIines*"
complete Apply H. BLANKEN. SixS !
Hrufp. gan Bruno road. -'» mile
i 3 «S-A PARTNER wlnted In a t,uT7nTr~gu7r
rjeyj-; a jro.,4 opportunity for right party Ad"
qiffs box 43:5. CaU. !¦»">. Ad-
ESTABLISHED bakery and restaurant- will
feW reasonable; account cf sickness 714 vL
_l*ncla fct. ' a "
FOR SALE— Cigar, tobacco and FtatlonerybueU
neg?; good stand. Sa Montcom>-r>- ave.
VELL-STOCKED Ftatlcncry. notion and dear
Ftore. .Box u s Call branch. 300 Hayes st.
$400— CORNER grocery end, bar. with 4 living
rocm.«. nn Howard ft., corner Laagton.
SALOON for Fa!e cheap; located ln the Potrero.
1543 Kentucky st.
SAVINGS BANK DEPOSITORS! Send Bd^
— ?JZi s: your b<>mfit - x - T.. box 4010, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
V»*. CASWELL & CO.. <i; Sacramento Ft.
CI-ASSIP*IED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlc«, r» nilmore Bt.
| LODGJXG-IIOUSES FOR SALE.
, j 34-ROOMED house on McAllister; transient...
28 rooms and boarding-hou*e; on Eddy...
10-roomed flat; elegant furniture; very cheap
22-roomed house on Geary; a bargain....
— b-roomed house on Hyde St.; make offer...
13-roomed house on Turk; $150
A lovely cottage on Haight, nr. Laguna; lot
price- a large list of other houses at office
_EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy, tel. Folaom 151S
A-22-ROOM rooming-house; central $ino
11-room house; $3(XI down, balance easy... 50
20-rooni house: first class 105
30-room house; all newly furnished 310
11-room house. J-47S; 6-room flat 32
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market Pt.
A— FAY, FISHER & CO.. have you Uxlclng
houses? Yes. what price? $300 up. any locn
tion desired; 12 rooms, 13(10; 10 rooms. $450; 1
rooms, new. JSOO. fine; 20 rooms, bargain. $730
37 rooms, $2000. Miap; all sizes, all prices, al
new bargains; call and see us. 1032 Market
HOUSES from 10 to 1Si> rooms; good locations
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy
ers; money loaned; to buy or sell your lodg
lng-houfie or furniture and secure satisfaotloi
write or call SCHWEINHARD & CO., 91
Market st., above Fifth: tel. Mint 1911.
R. H. WINSTON Sr CO.. 1025 Market st^
IS rooms: Vent JTO; elenn house $£51
32 rooms; corner; rent $63 " 11.V
3<! rooms; rent $4«; only JW
CO rooms; lent |5S; w»» It 120<
$7500— LARGE lot with stores and 30-room ho
tel on main street in Alameda; close to nar-
row and bread gauge lines; fine and good-pay
ing Investment; liberal terms. A. M. SPECK
& CO., £C; Market st.
MORTGAGED— 14-room house; landlady golns
awav; must pell; mortKaj?* $oO0; price $600
never has sold for less than $9C"0: rent $50. C
D. DAVIS, room 6?, 916 Market st.
OVER 20O houses for pale; price, location, plzf
and terms to suit you: call for list. M. GRIF.
| FIN. 719 Market St.. room 1. by "Call" bldg.
I $700— FURNISHED flat, north ol Market St.;
I departure cause of pale. McLAUGHLIN &
j CO.. TH^r Market st.
j 12 ROOMS, furnished for housekeeping; all
i rented. S.'.l Mission St.; cheap.
' IF you want to s»ll your house "quick for cas.h
: (see FKIFF. ."04 Montgomery Et.
CARRIAGES A.VD WAGOXS.
! ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
j etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
j AN A No. 1 express waeon, single, alsn light
I camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mis«lon.
j NEW & id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
riPFs. work & driving horses, l.'th & Vnloncla.
CAMPAIGN rilOTO IHTTOVS.
\ MF'Y of all kir.ds of phnto buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale end retail; send fur catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 5>33 Market Rt.. S. F.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. wor'.il-renowned
| spiritual n»»dium: advice li: all .-irTaii-* of life.
I lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites th» separat-
ed; ir:lnir.g a specialty; clrs. Sun.. Wed.. Krl.
eve's; corr.e and be convinced. (Permanently)
513 Eddy. bet. Hyde and Larkin: no sign.
j FAMOUS medium and palmist. '•Snecial this
; vreck." Full rca<lincs. Se and BOe. 1JS1 Mkt.
MATCHETT holds circle to-nijrht. 8 o'clock:
10c: test all. 1"2 4th; sittings dally. SOc.
| HME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, healer
| ar.d card reader. 1"2 Bixtb st.. room 1.
MRS. LEPTER— Circle Sun., Tue?., Fri/eves7
j 10c; rea-linsrs dally: L. 2".c, G. SOc. 127 Turk.
i MItf.J. J. WHITNEY, clairvcyant.ie.n, business
medium, life rt-ailor; sittings $1. 1104 Market.
I FRIENDSHIP Hall. S? r . McAllister— MrsTc. J\
i Meyer, rit. daily: convinc'g t??t-= to-nitrht 10c.
djAIRVOYAXTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant *; .ari
reader, born v.ith double veil _ second 6lefcL
diagnoses disease with life readings: Iaales5Hi;;
pr-rts $1; ralrn. 4 . lair. s?:t. $1 CO. 12j Turk Et
ISMAR, the Eeyptlan gypsy clairvoyant ami
j».i:mlst. jermanently located 1148 Mark. t. opp.
Gtfc; private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted overdue stmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
CONSULT a gifted clairvoyant; fee 25c up.
24i'V» Minr.a st.. near Fifth.
WYI.ME. photo medium. £S0 Ellis et. ; last
week: crme early.
MMH. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; pasT
present, future. Ifc. MS Sixth st.. ror.m 14.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 11. Cth; German spr.kn.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the preat palm-
ist and card reader; 20c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reade-;
sittings daily. 212'i Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader ar.d
truth or r.o pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
arivice; names River.; 2Cc up. I Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Crndle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 2->c; ladies. 314 O'Farrell Ft.
CAHPET BEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. Z',2-%:,1 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning CoT^
4S3 S*venson st.; tel. South I'2S: lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., ti'j Fourteenth st. ; te!. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G H
% STEVENS. m?r., 3S-40 Sth st.; teL South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at Zs per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTONS. 3 Elclith «t. : tei. .Te.=si» S44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.-
tel. Main 301. GEO. WAI.COM. proprietor.
CON KLIN'S Carpf t-Beating Works, 233 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 12fi.
COLLECTION OFFICES:
GEORGE W. KELLY' S^A^ncT^oTh^r^rtm^
1«=6 successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of € rooms and bath. $23. 2C26 Mar-
ket et.. bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
NEW cottage. 4 rooms, yard and chk-ken-houVe^
83 Manchester st. ; key at 250 Precita ave. ; $10.
SUNNY cottage, 212V4 Perry st. ; rent reason^
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery »t.
TO let— Cottage of 4 rooms; finished basement;
large yard. Inquire at grocery store. Twenty-
eighth and Alabama sts.
$5 — HOUSE, 4 rooms; worth f!2; in city; near
Holly Park. Apply C4 Silver st.. off Third.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELE^TltO^ElTTAT^CLINIC.'sOSriiaT^
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; platea. extractions free, $4 £0 up; of-
fice hours. S a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. S to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. L).. Manager.
A-DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned froin
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painleFs dentlptry, plates, teeth
¦without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted; plates, full set. $5; nilins-s,
Me; cronn. $3 Ki. Chicago Denial Parlors.1'4 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no ttuJents; advice free; prices
cheapest ani guaranteed; lady attendants.
UK. GEORGE W. LEEK; *(j O'Farrell st.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work is
unexcelled and our prices are the low*>5t; call
and Bee our samples and pet our prices befnro
going elsewhere; bt^t of references; examina-
tion free. DUS. PERKINS & DOVKY, 1013
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TKETH extracted free; plates. *.->; crowns. $3 50J
bridEewoik, JS; al! the letest methods for
l-alnless dentistry; hours. 9 a. in. to 9 p. ni
Modern Dental Parlors, 120G Market, cor. G.U.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. CT.* Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates ar.-
made: old plates made over like now; teetii
from $S per set; extracting. DCc; pas given.
DR. ALBERT HILlT Sf,0 Ma7utet7*cV7r.lito7k7orr
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prices for best work.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
FTiH^cet of teeth. $4; crown?. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
daye. 1001 Market et.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. 11. G~
YOUNG. 1M1 Polk et.
DOCi HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZAItD'S Dog IIo^jital7~POTt7^TiTrnore^
Advice aud medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 60; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worrn pills
by druggists or at h, spital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DIUSSSMAKCRS AND SKA3ISTKKSSE3
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
bchool; patterng cut to order. 1013 Market st.
S \. F- DreBm »Wns. Ladles' Tailoring and 1111-
iinery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all klnds~pleat-
ing. pinking. i« p os t. over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDtJCATIOSAL. II
ALL students but two taking full course this
t^cc^ 1 ? 0 , 8^ 118 ' SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market sUr
"i^St 0 '? BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
6. F.; touni-d 1SS3; io-uai* catalogue free.
— . • -
. EDUCATIONAL.
; AYRES' Business College. 723 Market 6t.; life
scholarship. »50; includes shorthand, typing,
,. bookkeeping, telegraphy: day and evening- ;
Just added, new business practice offices and
• 20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
• A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
• school for the university, law and medical
- colleges; references. President Jordan or any
_ Stanford professor. Phelan building.
0 FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
0 VIERE. Lyceum Theater School of Acting,
0 3K'-312 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to S wks. with me;
- $25. TARR, expert accnt. 429 Parrott bldgr.
0 ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. eur-
;• vey, assay, cynnlde, arch.: day. eve.; est. 1864.
1 VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
I PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory ln
; Lelpsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
] CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin—
, All branches; thorough; positions secured.
i ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE .IETNE Art and Craft School: modeling,
1 designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine Bt.
) EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
- A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: ej-tab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post Et., near Powell: telephone Bush 133.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
. I furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 37«.
• ORPHKl'M Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
neee help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
; best help furn.; tel. John 2121. S06»,4 Stockton.
- CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
; Best lielp. 411U O'Farrell pt. : tel. East 426.
' EMPLOYMENT JVANTKO — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish oook desires situation!
best of references; also competent Swedish
second girl; French nurse and a neat young
girl as nurse or second girl await situations
1 j at MISS CULLEN'S. 325 Sutter st.
! j YOUNG German woman with some experience
in nursing would like position ln doctor's of-
j firo; no objection to light housework. 731
j Thirteenth st.
| COMPETENT woman wishes position light
housework in .-mall family, city or short dis-
tance in country: willing and obliging. 762
Brannan St.. bakery.
A REFINED aged woman, a first-class cook,
Kood manager, elegant baker, clean and care-
ful: fmall family; pood home and moderate
ri wagea, Apply two days, 013 Bryant St.
GOOD repppctable woman (American) needs
work very badly: can do any kind: good
howecleaner; would ko by day: Jl day and
oar fare. 128% Fourth St., room 9.
YOUNG German girl wishes position to do up-
s-tairs work and waiting: experienced wali-
rfss. Call 31Sfi Sixteenth St.. near Guerrero.
AMERICAN woman wishes work; washing.
Ironing and house cleaning; Jl day and car-
fare. 721 Folsom Et.
A CAPABLE woman wants a place as working
housekeeper; wages $20. Box 4C41, Call office.
YOUNG lady wants position as stenographer; '
understands Spanish ani telegraphy; excellent
y reference*. Box 4035 Call office.
POSITION as managing or working housekeep- j
er by Eastern woman: city or country; ref- '
ercjioes. Call or nddrrs? between 10 a. m.
nnd S p. m.. at 117 Taylor St.. room 12"
MIDDLE-AGED ladywould like a position light '
housework or care for child. Address box !
tOSi, Call office.
REFINED Protestant girl as nurse to children; '
experienced; lately from New York; refer- |
creep. Box 4CC?. Call office.
A LADY wiFh^s plain srwir.g at her home. SS i
Third st.. ro<ni 2.
j NEAT experienced girl wishes a place to do ;
! second work; wages t.ZO. Box 4083. Call office. '•
¦ WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home. ;
! 821 Mission St., room 1. j
! GOOD reliable woman wishes to go out by day
as laundress. Box 4O. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 lOf.-nis; 2."c to $1 ."0 ni-^ht; $1 50 to JS
week; convenient nnd rf-Eji?i-table; • free 'bus
_j»r.d bagt'aKe to ar.d from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
s received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st..
A BRANCH office for Ca!l advertisements and"
subscriptions has teen established at 1O?6
i$ 1 rm >io Y3i kst wam 1 : 1 j— m a iaT. i
COMPETENT German and wife dasire situa^ j
tions: understand all kinds of ranch; refer-
ences. MISS CULI.KN. 325 Sutler st. j
MI-DDLE-AGED Scandinavian coachman wishes j
private place; can milk; take care of garden- j
5 years In last place; reference. Bax 40C«s" '
Call office. ;
NIGHT watchman wishes situation; best ref- !
erences: ph»> security if desired. C. HART-
MAX. 127 Turk Pt.
WANTED— Position as colle-.-tor by responsible !
person; will furnish references, bend sind '
horse and buggy. Address G. W., box 4003, .'
Call office.
! ENGINEER of long experience; reliable with i
excellent references. Address Tor three days, i
¦\V.. 227 Minna st.
WANTED— Situation by a competent stair- i
builoVr to take charge of stnlr work; 20 years' '
experience. Box 4P2O, Call office.
LIKF. aposit'.r.n on a gentleman's realijtnce to '¦
kuk after the dairy part nn.l dumb animals I
general. Box 4028. Call office. :
YOl'NG man from the East desires position as '
bartender; 9 yeara' experience; good refer- I
ences-. Box 4030, Call office. :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions '
received at Call branch office. 1200 Fillmore Bt. |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
subscriptions has boen established at 1036 ¦
Valencia st. ;
EXPERT OPTICIAXS. ;
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad- !
justed. N. Mnnayse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt. '
FIXAXC1AL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for '¦
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN- i
DKRWRITING CO.. G04 Parrott building. 1
. . . ¦ j
FLATS TO LET. j
10 TO JO days' free rent, houses, flats. I
S19 XTnlon, f., 7 r.J27 50 1594 Page. n.f. 4 r..J20 i
924 Hyde. f.. 0 r.. 3.1 00 r.3 Tremont av. c.Cr. 20 I
1340 Webster. f.,6r 27 f.O 221 Austin av., f. 4 r. 14 j
19'.)0 Ellis, f., 6 r.. IS 00 1424 Howard, f. 4 r. . 11
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO., Ml Mkt. j
CHEAPEST flats In the city: Oak and Laguna i
sts.; 7. S and 9 rooms: rent reasonable. Apply |
_MADISON & BURKE. . |
DE BOOM, 22. off Second, near Brannan— S
rooms and bath: newly papered; $15.
DORE. 257. off Harrison, between Ninth and I
Tenth — Flat of 4 sunny rooms; $10. i
ELLI.S. 2043-Fine Hat; 6 rooms end~bath and !
1 yard; cheap rent.
FLAT, 5 large sunny rooms. 133 Lily ave I
j near Octavia St.; key at 136 Page st.
HAIGHT, 455, near Flllmore-Flat of G sunny !
rooms, yard and basement; modern Improve- l
m»nts.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & IIOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MODERN siunny 6-room flat 4 ; garden; basement '
fl^Chattanooga st. ; 22d-st. cars.
RAUSCH. 16, near Howard— Flat 5 nice sunnv
rooms; larso yard; cheap rent.
TEHAMA, Til', comer Ninth— 3 sunny rooms!
top flat: rent $4.
2 UPPER flats: 4 rooms, with large yard
Ftables, wagen sheds. 2 Hay ward st., near :
Eighth.
4 AND B rooms and bath; :iO and $13. 43S5 and
4jS<A Eighteenth St.; electric cars.
JS— UPPER fiat, 3 sunny ro/nme. 2}G Harriet
*>*¦• p-t. fithjuid 7th, Harrison and Bryant.
Sll 50— I.'PPEU; 4 st:nny rooms; lower, $0 50. 129
Ivy pvo.. near Van Ness.
TLAIV, TO LET KUtt.MSHEU.
TO rent— In Mill Valley, furnished
rooms or less; cheap to a good tenant. Ad-
dress Postmaster. !
FURXITUIIE FOU SALE. " i
FURNITURE of B-room fiat and household '
goods for sale. 624',4 Lombard st.
PIANO folding bed; sewing machine; new
-—VOI:!' — h - g - r - furnltur<> ' S279 M ' ss lon. nr. 29th. !
FLAT of 7 rooms to let and carpets for sale.
430 Eddy st.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $48 50. with No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUKXITUK13 V/ANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jeaale 761. '
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your "
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission. ]
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1303 Larkin: tel.Polk 694- ;
furniture. & furn'd houses bought : spot cash.'
J5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wantedT i
M. Silvcrsteln, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mlsslon.st.. pays \
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buy. «
furniture, carpets, 757 Mission; teL Red 835^1
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
18 "waitresses for large new first-class com-
mercial hotel, $20, see party here Monday 10
a- m.; 10 waitresses, other hotels, $20 and $25;
8 waitresses, city, $20; 2 waitresses, city, $25;
2 restaurant waitresses, steady work. $S: 4
restaurant waitresses, $7; woman cook, $30;
fancy ironers, $30. $35 and $40; pantry girl.
$25; linen room woman, $1S and board
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and second girl, city, $50; cook, Sacra-
mento, two in family, $30, see party here,
choice place; mother and dauphter as cook
i and assistant, private family, short distance
In the country, $40 to $45; nurse, $25, earn of
one child three years old and to do sewing
for child, see party hern at 10 o'cloc^ Mon-
day morning; nurse and do upstairs work,
city, $20; second girl. Grass Valley. $20 and
fare paid, choice place; woman with a. child,
$15; second girl, short distance ln country.
$25. references, fare paid; houseglrl, Oakdale,
$30, see party here; 50 houseglrls, city and
country, from $10 to $25; nurseglrl. city, $10,
care of two children; others, second girls,
city and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Peary st. .
SIX extra waitresses for Santa Cruz and Pa-
cific Grove, $1 50 and $1 day. fares paid. C.
It. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
4 GERMAN cooks, city $35 and $30*: 6 German
cooks. $25 each; cook. American family. $35:
cook. Mare Island. $25: cook. San Jose. $30;
cook and second cirl. same house. Pan Ma-
teo. $30 nnd $25- housework. Palo Alto. $25:
Colusa, $25: Ross Valley. $25; Mare Island.
$25; Angel Island. $20: Mill Valley, $25; and
several other towns; 20 housework girls, city.
$25 and $20; Catholic nurseglrl, 512: nurse 1
child. Alameda. $20: 4 boarding-house cooks.
$30 and $3.*: restaurant cook. $S to $10 per
week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Competent waitress: must do sec-
ond work for a family of 4: best city refer-
ence required: wages $25. Answer C. G., box
4097. Call office.
WANTED— A young girl for general housework
In small family; references required. Apply
<!31 Guerrero st., bet. l^th and Wth^
GIRL to mind two children: wares $10; sleep
home; call before 10. The Waldemar, 300
[ _J^f if St.. corner Fell.
WANTED — Operators. preFsers and finishers on
jfeveets. Apply E. II. LEVY, Inc., 513 Market.
FINISHERS on custom coats; also apprentice
girls. 2C4 Tehama st.
j PANTS operator and finisher; also good sewer;
i good wages. Call Tuesday, S72 Howard st^ |
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
_work; small family. Call 9 to 12, 1420 Sutter.
! YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 3210
j Twenty-fifth St.. cor. Folsom.
j GIRL for light housework; plain cooking: 3 in
family; wages $12 to $T>. Apply f.32 Lyon st.
I GOOD reliable girl for housework; good home.
¦ Apply 4034 Seventeenth St.
! GIRL for general housework; 2 in family; no
| Sunday dinner. 2205 Post st.
! GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
| ing. Apply, with references. 334 Steiner St.
I WANTED— Girl for housework ln small fam-
J Il.v. 221A Fremont st.
' WANTED— A middle-aged woman to do light
| housework. Apply 151 Third St.
j WANTED— An experienced l.idy cook for res-
| taurant. lie Ninth st.
I A NEAT girl to mind 2 children from 8 to 6;
i wages $8. sleep home. 1208Vi Polk st.
! WANTED— E-xperif need Ftorelady in bakery
and confectionery. 1503 Geary st.
GIRLS to shell walnuts. Apply 123 Clay st?,
1 upstairs, between S and 10.
i A MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted. 1532 O'Far-
_rell st. .-;. -:. '[
COMPETENT young girl; general housework; ]
small American family; after 9. 713 Cole Bt. i
WANTED— Young girl to assist a baby. SOS '
Fourth Bt.
.
YOUNG girl to tr.ke care of baby. 501 Geary |
St., corner Taylor, room 35. ;
GIRL for general housework. 7C2 Church
street.
WANTED — Experienced pickle packers. Can
secure steady employment by applying at
California Packing Company, 115 Shotwell |
Ft., corner Fifteenth.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highest wcges I
raid: steady work; prizes for quick work. '
A:r>ly immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave.. between Seventh
and Eighth sts.. off Folaoro,
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit: Fteady work; highest wages. Apply
CALIFORNIAN CANNERIES CO.. LTD..
Brannan it., between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted en shirts; young girls
taught; steady work: best pay. BRENNER-
irLMAN CO.. 19 Battery 6t.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts^
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory.
"2'i Fremont ft.: no ' experience necessary';
good wares. Apply to MR DAVIS.
SALESLADIES, makers and machine operator
wanted; only experienced people con-
sidered. Apply to Manager Millinery Depart-
ment, Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
OPERATORS, experienced hands and appren-
tices on men's necRwear; steady work; best
pay. L. SAMTER & SON. BIS Market st.
WOOLEN mill help wanted— Boss finisher and
weavers en blankets: hiKlieyt xvages paid on
the coast: eorrrppondence confidential. Apply
J. W. COLLINS, 7 and 9 Battery St.. city.
INTELLIGENT, industrious girls wanted a«
stockkf^rers and salesladies at millinery. 1323
_Sto<-kton ¦ j
APPHENTICES on ladles' tailoring; must be
good sewers; paid while learning. G. FLAMM,
1433 Polk st.
NURSE Klrl. $io! Apply 233 Third ave.. bet.
South California and Clement; take Geary
or Suttcr-st. car. '
LADY free from home, cares can secure per- '
mnnent position as treveler for city firm by
addressing at once box 4034, Call office.
SALESLADY; one having experience ln fancy ,
goods store. 1400 Stockton St.. cor. Vallejo.
GIRL for general housework; German or Swed-
jyh preferred; $1S. Box 4006. Call office.
GIRL.for work In restaurant. 690 Fourth st.
WANTED— Apprentice for hairdressing. MISS '
, A. V. DOYLE, 1704 Market st.
WANTED— A girl for second work and walt-
ing at table; wages $20. Apply 3230 Jackson.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework.
1148 Market St.. photo Eallery.
YOUNG girl for light housework; small family.
912 Fulton st.
YOUNG girl to answer the bell and be useful J
amund the house. 626 O'Farrell. after 10 a. m.
APPRENTICE at MME. LICHAU'S Dress-
making Parlors, 455 Geary st.
WANTED— A kooiI plain cook. Apply to MRS. •
J. O'SIIKA. Seventeenth and Vermont stsi^
GIRL to help in kitchen; must sleep home. Call
Delicacy Store, -!09 Van Nes3 ave.
WANTED — Operators on ladles' waists. San '
Ftancipco Mfg Co.. 409A Turk st.
YOUNG girl wanted for housework; small fara-
Hy. 2.129 Bryant St.. near Twenty-fourth.
Al FINISHER on suits at JL SIM1NOFF, 122S '
Market st.
GIRLS wishing to marry honest men write to
_MRR HERTZ. TC6 Ellis St.; no charges.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman to assist ,
general housework ln Berkeley; good home; '
small waces. Box 40S9. Call.
PRESSERS wanted on overshirts. BRENNER- «
ULMAN CO.. 17 Battery Bt.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folscm St.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions .
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at. ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia st. _____^_^___^_^_
HELP WANTED — MALE. (
A. GOOD dishwasher and vegetable man; steady -
Job; wages $5 a week, board and room. 467
McAllister st. ' -. C
A" YOUNG man to learn waltlngat table. 1212 "*
Fillmore Bt.
K DISHWASHER wanted at 1522 Kentucky et.
L.UNCH man wanted. 1077 Market st. (
WANTED — Night cook and waiter. Apply at 1
207 Third st. '
BARBER— Good workman wanted. 120 Geary 9
street. ]
IVANTED— Strong boys to learn trade. Trunk
factory, cor. Seventeenth and Folsom sts. - I
STRONG boy for plumbing shop. PLEVIN &
MORRIS. '321 Koe st. j
"^ LP W ANTED- aiALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 384:
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents. -
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
- WE SHIP FJtEK
Men for all parts of California. Utah, Wash
lngton. Arizona, Oregon, Colorado Ncvad£
and Hawaiian Islands
¦ Free fare and office fee only $1 ;
Special to-day to the following; districts:
DuNSMUIR REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO MEN-DOT*
Los Angeles. ...and. ...Santa Barbara district!
Reno (Nev.) and Truckee districts
Crows Landing and Newman districts
San Luis and Surf districts
Bakersfleld' and Madera Districts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
and other points. good wages
WE SHIP FREE Come one. come al
It only costs $1 fee and no other expenses
Come, se<
U £ RRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
CA RPENTERS FREE FARE
Camp blacksmiths Blacksmiths' helpers
Coopers Woodworkers Cabinet-makers
WE PAY YOUR FARE
And ship to the sawmills and woods 236 la-
borers for 23 different sawmills. $26 to $40 ar.<i
found, anybody will suit; 95 woodsmen, mill-
men; also all kinds of planing mill help, 'ifo,
ISO, $65. $70, $60, $40. $50, $30 and found
3«4 woodchoppers, tiemakcrs, etc., $3, *2 50, $2,
tl and 75c cord, tools and food found
126 farm hands $35. $30, $26 and found
36 milkers and buttermakers $30, $23 found
24 stablemen, etc S25. $50. $60. $40. $30 founO
IS hay balers, $3 day; men to break colts,
$45 and found
364 laborers and teamsters, $2 50, $2, $175 day;
some board yourself home; boys for stores,
factories, etc., city jobs; cabinet-makers,
wood workers, carriage-makers, bridge build-
ers, etc.; come, see
Edgerman, tallyman, sawmill company
25 wotKlsraen, S;mta Cruz County. $32 50 and fd
Planer, $3 a da>
TO SONOMA CO.
Sniper; line pullers and setter for sawmill co.
Also jackscrewer and setter on carriage
TO THE MINES. ...GOLD, SILVER & COAl
50 miners, single hand and machine. .$75 & $9f
Married furnace man $<J5
Io0 laborers, different mines, in all parts ol
California, no experience necessary, $30 to «jC
and found
CITY WORK— 10 laboring men, no experienc«
required, anybody will suit. $30 and found....
FOR SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
25 laborine men to pile lumber. lar£e saw-
mill company $32
Farmers and wivea and men and wives for
private places $40 and found
Young man. drive milk wason. $20 to $25 & fd
ALSO HUNDREDS OF OTHER POSITIONS
NOT ADVERTISED COME, SEE
Also get our latest lists.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL STENOGRAPHER
and typewriter, $45 and found
Shingle sawyer $S0 and found, fare paid
Brick setter and wheelers Planer man, $S5
Donkey engineer Head donkey man
for the woods. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
BOYS for this office. MURRAY & READY,
C34-636 Clay st.
FRUIT PICKERS MEN AND BOYS
150 fruit and prune pickers for Santa Clara
and Yolo counties, $30 and found, 12 25 ton; 50
men and boys to gather and knock almonds,
Solano Co., ?30 and found, fare $1 25; 300 men
and boys to Dick fruit, work in packing
houses and dry yards, long Job. $30 and found
MEN and BOYS. ANYBODY WILL SUIT, to
pick fruit in Marin. Solano, Tulare, Yolo,
Santa Clara, Stanislaus and'Yuba and other
counties
ONLY $1 OFFICE FEE
and fp-re from . r .0c up.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— HOTEL.. RESTAURANT.. .lTuNDRY Help
Night cook. mine. $35 and found; oyster man,
$45 and found
Icecream maker $10 week and board
S2 cooks, city and country, $33 to $30 and
found: also short order and night cooks
Second baker, country shop fto and found
13 waiters, city and country
$'¦!¦"• and $30 and found
Bakers nnd helpers. «40. $.r, and $30. $60 and fd
Washer*. Ftarchers nnd ironers for laundries
Bu tr hers pan t ry m»n handy
men for institution, etc.; 8 cooks different
ranches.
MURRAY &/READY, S34-63S Clay st.
LOOK HPRE LONG JOB
150 han'dy men with hatchet to build large
flume. $30. $a:. and $40 and found. MURRAY
& READY. 634-CS6 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/S 104 Gearv st
..10C0 MEN FOR NEW RAILROAD WORK
200 teamstcrn. State of Nevada S* a dav
1W teamsters, Bakersfleld $-j a day
f,0 teamsters. Coast Road "V a dav
100 laborers. Surf $•"• a day
20 tunnelmen for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park. Los Angeles County... $2 to $2 '.0 a. dav
FOR THE S. P. CO/8 OWN WORK.
MO men Regular wages
....FOR THE FOLLOWING DIVISIONS
Truckee and Mendota
Dunsmulr RMdlns Shasta
FOR ALL AUOVC PLACES.
Fee $1...* Ship daily Free fare
MISCELLANEOUS
IS fruit pickers, Santa -Cl'ara Co., $1 a day, bd
10 lumber pilers, Santa Cruz Co $2 a day
20 laborers, near city J2 a da;'
4 Burleigh drillmen $:; a day
« laborers, quicksilver mine, $30 to $40 and
board; 4 bridge riveters. 3>- per hour; road
sawfiler, $100; exlfrerman. $;{ a day; coach-
man, references, $30; ranch blacksmith. $4'J.
s-tablftmen, farmers, milkers, choremen and
others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT '.'.'. j
Head cook, country. $60; baker, hotel. $4.>; j
broiler. $60; oysterman, $60 and board; lunch- !
man. $30; 6 cooks, city. $35 to $50; 6 dish- j
washers, city. $25 and $30: 10 kitchen hands. |
$20 and J25: hotel head waiter, $45; 3 waiters, I
country, $30; 6 waiters, country hotels, $20; I
2 waiters, city, $50; nurse for Institution, i
country, $30; 3 porters, country hotels, JJO I
nnd $23: *! shampooers. $50; laundryman and
wife. Institution, JfiO; Iaundrj'ma:i. institution,
$10; washer, country, $12 week; ironcr, coun-
try. $12 week r
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED ."
Driver for milk wagon, reference required,
$35 and found j
6 men to handle ore cars ln mine, no experl- j
ence required. $2 a day j
10 miners for different mines, $3. $2 50 and $2 I
a dav: 6 laborers for mines, $1 73 a day and |
two-thirds fare paid; crosscut sawyers for j
San Mateo County. $40 and board: screw j
turner, $2 CO a day nnd fare paid: carriage !
man for mill. $40 and board and fare paid: !
20 laborers for woods, mills and yard, $30 and j
board and fare paid; 10 milkers, different ;
Jobs. $30 and $35; milker and chores. $30; I
milker, few cows and make buttpr. $25; farm- (
ers near city, $26. W. D. EWER &. CO., 610 :
Clay st.
A MAN to buy out a route; good paying busi-
ness. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Projrresslve Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
BRIGHT young boy to run errands In whole-
sale house. Apply R. L. TOPL1TZ & CO.,
545 Market st.
WANTED— 2 sticker hands: 1 band sawyer and
shaper hand: 20 bench hands; state where last
employed. Box 4040. Call.
CARPENTER wanted for an Iron foundry for
shop work and pattern making; mention ex-
perience and wages wanted. Box 4039. Call.
WANTED— Boy to drive butcher wagon and
make himself useful about the shop. Royal
Market. 1413 Oct.ivia st.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS &
CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Operators, pressers and finishers on
vests. Apply E. II. LEVY. Inc.. 513 Market.
TAILOR— Good bushelman. steady Job, at
PLANZ & SON'S. 565 Geary st.
A_ WAITER and night cook. 1S5 Powell it.
V BOY to drive butcher cart; from WesterrTAd-
dltion preferred. 1612 Post St.
WANTED-Planlng mill foreman; state where
last employed. Box 4039, Call:
BOY wanted in large law office; must be good •
penman. Box 4038, Call.
BOY to learn upholstering trade; small wages
to commence. Apply 1200 Eddy st.
MAN to do chores about lodging house. 32 East
street.
COOK wanted. 1012 Battery st.
EXPERIENCED salesman in tailor thop. 635
VV , A^ TEI 2~ A. Kood second-hand bread baker
Call at 344 Sixth St., Modern Bakery.
LUNCH waiter. 17 Washington st.
GOOD lunch waiter. CCS Seventh st.
A DISHWASHER wanted at 612 Kearny at.
A DISHWASHER and cook. 8 Hayes st.
WANTED-Dlshwasher. 223 Lpavenworth st
Palace Restaurant. '
rOQK wanted. 2249 Powell »t.. corner Bay,
"a R m EN ll4 E Thir O d r s l t° Untry " APPlY befOre 7:50
"OOK wanted. 223 Grant ave.
A Ba I ?tTe E t?Tt C a arrlaKe vam^ Twenty-third and
BREAD and cake baker for home bakery- rer
erences required. 1217 Valencia at.
5OOD steady barber. 3310 Sacramento st
3OY wanted for delicacy store. 410 Devlsa-
3ARBER wanted. 513 Keamy st.
iATNCH waiter. 236 Townscnd gt.
SIGHT dishwasher. Call at 807 Keamy. at.-
HELP WASTED-MALE. \.yf-
S BLACKSMITH, country shoVrH^to^TKO^aT;
edgerman for mill. $3 a flay: band re-sawyer.
$3 a day; screw turners. $2 50 a day; 2 T'laner-
men. JSO and board and $3 a, day; bench hands
and cabinet makers", $3 a day: 2 machine
i miners, $3 a day; 6 machine miners. $2 50 a
day. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62* Sacra-
mento st.
" 20 RAILROAD laborers, free fare; 10 laborers
k for lumber roads. J26 and found, fare ad-
, vanced; mill and woodsmen at going wages
, and fare advanced; 10 boys for box factory, SI
, to JS a day. fare paid: 8 more laborers for
j factory. $1 80 to »2 50 day. J. F. CROSETT
5 AGENCY. 62S Sacramento St.
5 BUTT.ER. $40 and found; porter, country ho-
| tftl, $.'0; 2 coachmen, see employer here to-
I day, J30 and board; 2 men about place, $20; 2
» mllk-warcn drivers. 130 an.l $33 ajid found:
' 10 men to pick prunes, $2 50 a ton; 6 grape
pickers, $1 25 a ton; farmers; choremen; team-
; sters; gardener and wife, J60: laundry man
' and wife, $60; farmer and wife. J4<i; cooks.
1 waiters and other help. J. F. CROSETT
1 AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st.
I THIRD hand In bakery. 1S29 Polk Bt.
! WAITER wanted. 560 Howard st.
1 WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
[ rlne Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
¦ rled men of good character, between the ages
• . of 21 and 35 years: not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over S feet 1 inch in height;
mutt be citizens of the United States or per-
; sons who have legally declared their inten-
' tlons to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, CaL. 530 fv St..
Sacramento, Cal., or 1058 J st., Fresno, Cal.
I GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
poKtofflce or other civil service examination
without seeing catalogue Information: sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
I WANTED— Men and women to learn the bar-
; I ber trade: requires 8 weeks constant practice;
situations secured; transportation paid. Ad-
> dress GORDON'S Barber College, Los An-
geles, Cal.
' ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
; WANTED— First-class advertising solicitor on
theater curtain. Call Monday bet. 9 and 10.
room fi, 402 Kearny st.
WANTED— Office clerk; one that can take
dictation and use typewriter: wages $23;
i steady employmenf. Apply box 4062, Call.
.WANTED— Grocery clerk for country store;
1 hour from city; wages J40 month: security;
best reference. Address P.. box 4061. Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber with reference; wages
J40 per month and found. Address box 10,
Wadsworth. Nev.
TWO sticker and two matcher bands <n San
Francisco manufacturing establishment:
steady employment year round to suitable
men: wages » to $3 50. Box 40O7. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver Houre, 217 Third et. : 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; fl to J2 per week.
i NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commls-
i felon; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO
! Flood building:
] BOY with experience to assist clothing cutter. !
i BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
j BOY to learn pressing on vests. BELASCO &
! HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
' • ¦ ' — — — — — — — — — — — . — — — — — ™
UNDERPRESSEFv on vests. BELASCO &
% HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
| BARTENDER who can draw steam beer and
do porter work; $40 month. 698 Fourth st.
j WANTED— Baker's helper, $30 and board. Ill
Larkin st.
BRANDY maker?— Hen vy spirit barrels for
brandy at CARL'S, 217 Commercial st.
j WAITER, man or woman, wanted at 1212 Fill-
| mere st.
i BARBERS— Paying 5-chair shop; bargain; ac-
count departure^ Inquire Call office.
• BOY wanted. San Francisco and Pacific Glass
: Works, Seventh and Townsend sts.
SECURITY deposit put up for street railway
employes. SHALMOUNT, 14C6 Pine, 2-4 p. in.
DENTIST wanted at room 11. 1063 Waahlng-
I ten Ft.. Oakland; graduate or licentiate.
j GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 3Sc
j to SOc. 562 Mission Bt.. b*t. l«t and I'd sts.
• MEN and women to learn barber trade. S F. :
Barber College. 741A Howard Et.
I SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green handi;
! all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 18
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 4rThird St.. near .Mar^
ket; 7CU rooms. 25c night; reading- room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
t LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
1 Rooms ISc to 25c night: 73c to $2 per we=lc.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lff'S
| Valencia st.
I HOUSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
• A WIRE wheel, ball-bearing, rubber-tire Fra-
: zler cart; nearly new; also well-broken pony
r cart «nd harness. CHASE & ME.VDEX-
HALL. 1722 Market st.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market"
3*7 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday*
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses;
al?o pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies-
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 How-
ard st.
FOR sale— A good carriage team; 16 hands
high: cheap. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE. 5 rooms, basement and large yard;
rent moderate. Apply 1435 Ellis st.
SUNNY house, 8 rooms, bath, yard; rent $33.
water free. 1220 Bush st.
JS— HOUSE, 5 rooms; best, cheapest, healthiest
for money. "1ZKJ Kearny. near Greenwich.
INVESTMENTS.
SAFE and sure; an excellent opportunity for a
man of means to turn his money rapidly. De-
tails fully explained and thorough investiga-
tion solicited at 466 Eighth st.. Oakland.
LOST A.\D FOUND!
IF the party who took watch No. 117,927 (inside
of case) from a toilet on Sixth st. will return
same to Call office he will receive J20 reward
and no questions asked.
J1P0 REWARD for return 4 Leavenworth. Kan.,
bonds: $1000 each; value to owner only; no
ouestions asked. M. A. McFARLAND, 9TS !
Geary sti. San Francisco. Cal.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.— Reli-
able ladles' and gents' specialists; 32 years'
practice: have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a. positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladies treated can return home the same
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections: perfectly harmless; home for conflne-
ment. Send five Z-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $3: positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; cafe and reliable; has prac-
ticed ln San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home: consultation free. After al!
other3 fall call on him. lC23»i Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN. well-known ladles' specialists
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure So; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 13 years' practice in S. K. : maternity
home: low feep. 1007'^ Market st.. near Sixth. |
A— NEW process; great progress In medical j
--science; every woman her own physician: no \
medicine or riiils used; ran be sent and used
at home. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny et. j
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yrs.'
practice: home In confinement; treatment at
office, J5: any ailment: consultation free; con-
fidentlal. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin. J
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump- I
tlon, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials; advice free. Sanl-
tarium. 704 gaeramento st.. corner Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles" special- :
1st: home in confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8. :¦•¦:¦' ¦ :
DR. and MRS. M. VVEOENER— Private home j
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave. | .
DR. WISE— The only genuine ladies' specialist- | !
vT--.-,; Office HIS Market st. ( .
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis- !
eases of the human lwiv. :15 Mason »t. ! .
MISCELLANEOUS FOB SALE. *j
A-BUYS. sells or rents gear machinery, en- \ I
glnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting. pulie>s. |
etc. WH1TELAW. 21« Spear st. \ _
A— S3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 H.J P°P' J
ular Price. Hatters. 330 Kearny »t.. near nne. _
A-100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill air com- I 1
presaor. JAP.DINES.Jg0_Fj^rnont_8t. . _
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron awl wood . F
planers, lathes: Zd-hand. J. BurktsJgJIeale. j _
MAGIC lanterns, new «nd M-hand: moving j ,
pictures. BULLARD & DRECK. U rose «, \
BIISCELLAXEOCS— FOU 5ALEW
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery.
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 133-197 Fremont l-i.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second- hand: we alwpyi
have a large stock of saloon outfits on band;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready ma : ;
we can ship everything: In 2t hours. J.
XOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. li>23 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOH SALE— Property of the Live Oak Con.icl-
iflatfd Gold Mlninsr Co.. situated in Nevada
County. 13 miles north of Aubjrn: 2 patente 1
claims: S-stamp quartz mill: ditch and botst-
Ingr work.-i comolfte. For further particulars
inouire of A. ilEISTEU, 914 Ninth St.. Sat^
rarr.ento. Cal.
A KEAL'TIFUL. almost new. solid 14 kint
lady's <o!d watch, havintr •> diamonrU in i-^r-.-
ter of case fur only HO; the original cost vtoa
( KO. UXCLE HARRIS. 1-'. Grant ave. "
NEAT genuine diamond stud for $12. worth CJ,
_l'NCLK HARRIS. 15 Urant ave.
STEE1, tanks, all sizes: suitahlo f.-r wat^r ..r
oil; cheap; all shapes; second-haml. H. a.
WHITE. 518 Mission st.
A FINE suit. J10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTH I XO PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st,
NEWFOUNDLAND puppy: Hlso French poo^
die pups and tiny black ani tan. 14S lebama.
FX'LL lin» cameras and photo supplies: ""-liir.!;
cheap. \V. A. HARTTER. £13 Examiner hl.is.
A 4-H. P. HERCL'LES casoMne engine : gre.il
bargain; Buanuiteei. Epstein. WS Miasion tt
WILL r«nt full dress Tuxedo or Princ« Albert
suits for S2 art. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stktn.
A LATEST Improved cash register; alraost
new; a bargain. 4^1 Sutter St.
A 10-TON Fairbanks •rale and fire and bur;!a~
proof safe. 21(5 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and maeic lantern cu».
fit» bouyht. so!-l, exr-hanped. 109 Mor.Tgom>-A
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enKlr.eVani
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. C>.
EDISON concert phonograph; reduced pric*
$75; concert records. $1 50. Baciaralupi, 933 .Mkt*
2D-HAND fire-proof safe: 1 fire and barstar
proof safe: cheap. 4- Main st.
SAFES— New and second-han.!. THE HER,
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-433 Sacramento at.
SAFES?— New and second-hand: all sizes. TlTij
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market st.. San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Ca\T.
16 paces, in wrapper, for maitln?. $! per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LADIES' and Rents' cast-off clothing bousjfu
gold. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Fo'.som 1131.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bnc.
a-brac and books. 103 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 141.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth'.n;
call on B. COHEN. Io7 Third; tel. Black KZ.i.
3IOXEV TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. Id and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; Ket my terms before dolns business else-
where. R. McCOLGAX, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; Brst.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, lesacies. corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 1*5. first fltjor.
Chronicle bide. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. *S46 Market
St.; tel. Main 1S44. Branch 13 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal :qulclc
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Roumi
6S and 6'J. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate, 1st and 2nd mortsaeea and on
furniture cr pianos; no removal; any amount ;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 28 Mont?om?ry.
MOST reliable place to tsorrow on diamond.-,
watches. Jewelrj-. W. J. HESTRAL. 1) S;x:h;
hitrhe?t price for old gild, silver, diamonds.
LOANS j.
SALARIES AND FTTRNITl' :¦_*}
O. H. HARSHBARGER. 322 Ellis, room l^f
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow un watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
J3C">.0fV> at 6 per cer.t In sums to suit in city; «!.-•->
$1.".O.OCU on larpf ranches; also on s»cond mcri-
Kage*. i>. j. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture ar. 1
planes; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 2*1 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loaneii salaried people without security
HILL, r. 4t. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California..
ON furniture and pianos: no removal; ccna-
dential; on diamoiuls. etc. 33 Taylor st.
H. MURPHY. ««» Market st.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Purrott felr-.
On furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. <? Edly at.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not? without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
OS furniture, plar.os. without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. IIS McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorsor.
S. F. Discount Asrency. 143 Phelan buildinr.
musical usTRoausrrs.
WE have one of the best equipped shops In tha
country for repairing pianos; repairs, var-
nishin« and polishing done at reasonable
prices and payment accepted in installments.
MAUVAIS'. 7tii Market St.
NOW is the time to exchange your old square
or UD»i«ht for a new upright. You con *ert
more for them now than ever again. Call ax
once at MAUVAIS", 76J Market st.
THE old. original and only Decker piano; es-
tablished in % lSC6: is sold exclusively by thtj
MAUVAIS Music Co.. 763 Market st. They
are strictly f,rst-clas9.
WE offer you the bset goods, the best ter*^
and the best treatment of any house In • W
city. Try us and be convinced. MAUVAi B,
733 Market st.
ANNOUNCEMENT— We have consolidated th*
San Francisco Music Company. 23 Sutter *t..
with our O'Farrell-st. business and now
show more gotids In all lines than any other
house on the coast. Six floors of, music ani
musical goods: pianos in endless variety and.
prices ranging from J7j to $300. ImpeTinl
Symphonlon Music Boxes. Guitars. Violins,
Mandolins. Strings. Trimmings. Sheet Music.
etc.; enormous stock; lowest prices; cash or
installments. BENJ. CIIRTAZ & SON*. IS.
IS and 20 O'Farrell St.; Chlckering agency.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAT any time within thr-e years
and full purchase price allowed; the best
makers of every grade to select from: beauti-
ful new uprights $>i cash. $6 per month; somo
good pianos for $3, $4 and {"¦ per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. STEINWAT
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth ats.. Oakland. _____^
VIOLIN strings: never wet: best in the woild;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
instruments.- Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2fi. 23 and 30 O' Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possibie done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
OUR pltno stock Is up to date, ar.d our special
sale will continue 1 week longer. THE J.
DEWING CO.. Flood building.
BEAUTIFUL upright piano, used a few months;
fine- case, sweet tone: must be sold Imme-
diately. Room 10. Flood building.
A CARLOAD fine new pianos just stored with
us from Eastern factory at factory prices 'and
rreleht) /a;>h or Installments; special for N.
S 6 \V-. WILSON Storage. 1710 Market »t.
REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van V
Ne«.s to 933 Market, bet. ath and 6th. n-x^3
Mm!*. Rros & will continue r-duction sale for^
2 weeks; openey'ngs; call and get low prices.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash; about J10C
Address 242 Kearny^st. ¦
TiFMOVAL sale: all must go by Saturday.
Sept 1 HEINE PIANO CO.. 1S6 Ellis St.
ti-WTFD-9 good square pianos, suitable for
»^hocl3. BTRON MAl'ZY. 3»< Post st.
<st iCCHTER sale- of upright pianos for stor-
!»ge. JM "P- WILSON'S 'torage. 1710 Market.
R r in the swim: rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURT AZ CO.. 560 Hayes st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post- st. ;
Hardman, Conover and other planoa.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Oabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 30* Post St.. opp. Union square.
BXRGAIN— Good piano cheap: installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ. IS McAllister st.
W O. PADGER, 412 Sacramento et.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hillett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR Tinlins. zithers, old and new II
MULLEK. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac».
REDUCTION sale; new pianos; $3 payments-
for rent. t2 ur». BTU'KNN. got Pngt st.
OFFICES AJIO STORES TO LET.
2MJIA SPKECK ELS building 9"7 MarV-.V"
Oiflces. light and minny. lisfe ro ~rWn^
light, heat. ianltcr_and[^ygLj^;!t-
___T^ Sa^S^O^'sTRK^r-. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept J. 10 p m— "Weather
hazy; wind BW; velocity 10 miles.
Sunday, September 2.
Stmr Orizaba. Randall. St Michael.
Stmr O«>o LoomiF. Brideett, Ventura.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan, Eureka,
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San Dir^o. i
Stmr Newbure. Hanwn. Grays Harbor.
Htmr W II Kruger, Krogr. Tlllamook.
Hr stmr "WelllnKton, Rran, Comox. v
Schr Bcnfler Brothers, Wetxel.
Schr Ida McKay. L#htola, Albion.
Kchr Archie and Fontle. Johannsen.
Schr Laura May, Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Americana. Lindholm. Salinas Crux.
Scnr Mary E Russ, Wlkender. . Tacama-
SAILED,
ARItlVED.
Sunda;-, September 2.
V S Etmr Lawton, Macune, 73 hGurs from
Seattle.
Stmr Bonlta, Xlcolson. 7S hours from New
port and way ports. ~'""'.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, C2 hours frm Hardy
CrccK
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 27 hours from Moss Lind
inc ami way uorts.
Stmr Brunswick. AndrcJtn, 24 hour* from
Eureka, bound to San Pedro; put In to land
passercrrs.
Stmr Point Arena, Ilansen, S hours frm Rosa
Lanuln?. _ M ' ' _
Stmr Columbia. Doran. C8 hours from Port
land via. Astoria 41Vi hours.
Stmr National City, Dcttmera, 14 hours frm
Fort BraBE. S. . . ,. ,
Stmr Sunol, Green. 22 hours from Needle
Schr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Bchr liarj' <?• Campbell. 8 hours from Fort
Ross. .
Shipping Intelligence.
NOTE—^In th« above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tho
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column elves the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slgm ( — > precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
refe-ene* i» tho tnofin nf th<» lower low water".
Sun rlse3 • 5:4t
Pun sets 6:3>i
Moon sets 0:00 a. m.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER I.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and HeiEfits of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Mary L and M. J. Laymance to E. E. Lay
mance, let on S line of Thirty-third or Nolan
street ? 223 E of West street. S 100 by E 36, block
F mau of property of Central Land Company,
formerly the Brown Tract. Oakland; $10.
E. K. and Minnie Laymance to Helen L. Car
ter, same. Oakland; $10.
L-uii*e Schaefer (widow) to Wllbert A. Snow,
lot "on N line of Elm or Twenty-fourth street,
25 W of Valdez, W 23. N 10O. E 50. S 30. W 23.
S 70 to beginning, hcine lot 41 and N 30 feet of
lot 4' Mock A, on map of nubdlvlded Webster,
Twenty-fourth and Valdez street property, Oak-
Julln'oallnEher to Nell and Lizzie Gallagher,
lot en B line of Telegraph avenue. 33:7 S of
Laurel or Twenty-fifth street. S 61:7. E 81:8*4.
N 61 7 \V 81:3 to beginning, being portion of
lots 1 and 2 of Webster Homstead Union, Oak-
Frederick Wundenberjr and Alexander II.
A card to Julia A. Calhoun. lot on W line of
Filbert street, 100 S of Tenth. S 1i, by W US,
portion lot 2. block J, map of Oakland Home
stea.l Central Association. Oakland; $.*.
August SchwttMT to Kmma Sohreiber. lot on
« line of P.ailroad avenue. ISO W of Third ave
nue V,' 33.30 by S 122, being lot 13, map of
Dropertf of Victor Ruthardt, nnd being lots 4
and ;> and portion of lot C, Teutonla Park and
Homestead, Alameda; gift.
Aremlnto T. Stanford to O. B. Frlsble. lot on
S line cf Fifteenth street. 53 K of West. K 4n,
S SO W 50, N 1">, E 5, N 75, to beginning, be
lns 'portion lot '., block H. on Map ot North
Oakland Homestead Association. Oakland; $10.
Arii*-lla B. Watson to Charles Waltz, lot on
\U linf of East Seventeenth strpft. 12S SE of
Ninth nvenuo, SE 50 by NE l"0, block 95, Clin
ton, warranty deed. East Oakland; $10.
N. H. Hurd. Mary E. and Jnmes C. Pow
ers and Alice M. Leskard (by W. S. Harlow,
<-ommi-«loner) to Fred W, Brldse, lots 7 and
10 block B, J. W. Crawford Tract, Oakland;
$258.
Daniel Best to Ella Fay Klncr (wife of Samuel
C B ). lot on N line of Brown or Thirty-fourth
street 116:3 K of Market. E 50 by N ISO'iS. being
lot 30, block L, Map of property of Central
Land Company, Oakland; $10.
Maria ~o'. Walker to Patrick O' Bryan, lot 2,
block 1?. Howe Tract, subject to mortgage,
Oakland; $2000.
Mario C. Slovln to "W. G. May." lot on NW
corner of Hilgard street and Euclid avenue, W
100 by N 125, being lots 19 and 21, block 6,
Dairy's Scenic Park, Berkeley; $10.
W. G. May to O. O. May, lot on N lino of
HilEard avenuo, 50 W of Euclid avenue. W 50
by N 123, being lot 1», block 6. same. Berkeley;
$10.
Urban A. and Flora E. Lewis to Home Build-
Ing Company (n corporation), lot 16 and N Mi of
lot 15. block E, Frultvalc Terminal Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10. r
Daniel Hart to Lizzie White, lot on W Hn«
of Union street, 105:4*4 S of Seventh street or
Railroad avenue, S £5 by W 115, being lot 26.
block 490. Erlggs Tract Map 2, Oakland: gift.
Emilie L. Levlllaln (wife of Edward E.). for
merly Lavicne, to Newton Benedict, lot on K
line of Market street, 26:5 N of Fifteenth. N
26:o,.E 107. 8 25:11. W 102. to beginning, being
the N portion of lot 1, block B, map of prop
erty of North Oakland Homestead Association,
Oakland; $10.
Eliza M. Dakln to "\\ 1111am C. Tompktns. lot
on E line of Broadway. 517:6 N of Webster
street. N SO, E 157:3, S 51:7'4. W 170:1, to be
ginning being lot 3. Cogswell Tract, Onklaml:
also lot on E lino of Third street. 100 S of
University avenuo, N 10O. E 9S. S 100. W 98:1.
to beginning, being lots 1 and 2, block 93.
Tract R, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association, quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $t.
William C. Tompklns to Harriet A. S. Smith,
same (two pieces), Oakland and Berkeley, quit
claim deed: $1. .
Warren D. Heaton to Lulti A. Lute 1 , lot on
NW corner of Harrison and Eighth streets.
thence N 100 from point of beginning, thence
¦\V 100 N 100. E 100. S 100 to beginning, subject
to life estste. Oakland: $1.
of ElEhth and Wetster streets, thence N 100
from Place of beginning, thence E 75 by N 00,
SiUbieet to life e3tate, Oakland: $1.
Same to Millie A. Leach, lot on NE corner
of Eighth and Webster streets, thence E 300 by
N 100 subject to life estate. Oakland: $1. "
Anna F. Guard (wife of Reginald) to Rosa
M Buel, lot on NW line of Eighth avenue.
7j'NE of East Eleventh street, NE 37:6 by NW
150 block S3, Clinton, subject to mortgage.
East Oakland; cift.
Adelaide E. Dornln to Oscar G, Dornin, lot
on N line of Dwight way, 100 E of Bowdltch
strut. N 150, E 60,? N 120, E 25, S 270, W 75
to beginning. Berkeley; Rift.
Conrad Motzer to Etorathea Motzer. all Inter
est In lot on SW corner of Saratoga avenue and
Plymouth street, W 200 by S 132.53. being lots
14 to IS, block C, Amended Map Moss Tract,
Brooklyn Township: KlfL
Thomas W. and Susan Bratten to B. Meyer,
lot 3, block 1, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $500. -
- John Jl. Glascock to Manuel P. Barbera, lot
23 block 8, Mao of North Alameda Tract,
Brooklyn Township: |150.
S. F. and Ellen Sinclair to Frank M. Smith.
Alameda County.
George H. Holstein to Belle W. Holsteln. lot
on S lino of Oak street. 7a:5 E of Lott. E 2.i by
S llfl: also lot on S line of Pine street, 200 W
of Devlsadero, W 25 by S 137 :ti; also lot on S
line of Sacramento street, 110 W of Devlsadero,
\V 25 by S IZ1.1: cift.
.Triseph E. and Annie Bier. M. M. and Theresa
RegfnsburKer, Bier & Regensburger to Mary
V Dwver lot on S\V line of Tenth street, 75
NW of" Bryant, N\V 23 by SW 100; $10.
Edith ('. Podgley, Edward K. Mastlck and
John Kelao (trustees of the estate of Rosetta
A. Sedffley) to George Tracy, lot on E line of
Florida streft, 20fi S uf Sixteenth (Center), S
¦::< by E 10<>; J23CO.
Same trustees, estate same and Edith C.
S*d»ley. Rosetta L. Lee and Lucy I. Jory (both
Sc-dgley) to F. W. Kern, lot on N"W corner of
Seventeenth (Santa Clara) street and Uryant
avenue. W 123 by N ICO; $7230.
Sunnyside I^ind Company and California
Title Insurance and Trust Company to William
Mepginson lot 16. block 37. tfunnys-ide: $10.
Same to tame, lots 45 and 40, block 10, same;
no.
William M.?RBlnson to Albrecht F. P. Schnei
der, same; $10.
pHtrick and Hsnoria Brcderlck to A. B.
Southard lot on K corner of San Jose avenue
and Geneva street. SE 171. NE 60:5, NW 161',
SW 70, lot 5. Mock 30, West End map 1; $10.
O>'.d Fellows Cemetery Association to Carrie
E. Baker, lot 17. plot 4%, Omega section. Odd
Fellows Cemetery; $225.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
I^ouls and Ellse Ciotthelm to John C. Schmidt,
lot on S line of Pine street, 150 W of Broderlck,
W 23 by S 137:6: $10.
The temperature has fallen over the Interior
of California and over Utah, Nevada and Ari
zona and risen over Washington, Oregon and
Idaho.
A thunder-storm Is reported from Inde
pendence.
..Conditions are unsettled in California and
light showers are probably for to-night and
Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, September 3, 1900:
Xorthprn California — Generally cloudy and
threatening, with scattered showers to-night
and Monday; light veriable wind; cooler In the
interior.
Southern California— Generally cloudy and
threatening, with showers in the mountains
Monday: li«cht west wind.
Nevada— Showers; cooler Monday.
Utah— Showers Monday; cooler In" north por
tion.
Arizona— Cloudy, with showers Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Generally cloudy
and somewhat threatening Monday: fresh west
wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
The creEsure has fallen over the northern
portion of the Pacific Slope and risen over the
southern.
Cloudy and threatening weather prevails over
the southern portion of the Pacific Slope and
fair over the northern. Light scattering phow
ers have occurred In Arizona. Southern Utah,
Southern Nevada and In the mountains of
Southern California.
FORECAST.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific time.)
SAN FRAXCISCO. Sect. 2. 5 D. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from, stations in California to-day:
Eureka G2|Lon Angcle3 74
Mount Tamalpals 61 Sacramento 80
Independence 74 1 San Luis Oblspo.... 72
Red Bluff. £<2iSan Diego 72
Fresno SCi
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 56; mean, 61.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
HOTEL ARKIVALJ
GRAND HOTEL
W A Koch, S Andreas
C Moltzer, Pt Reyes
B Thomas. Delano
.1 R Miller. Mor.t
W H Cook, I^ir Ang
R. V. Smith, Cal
J V Simons, Los Ang
J Marshal. Vacavllle
H G Saunders. U B A
J D McGllvray. Stanfd
D H Wllllams.St Louis
hi Butler. Pt Reyes
W Carder. Panoche
\V McDonald. Valiejo
II Brcckard. Stanford
M K Morford. Oakland
W K Moldrop. Alamed
R M Drake, Cal
J II Graham. Cal
H Binnrd & w. Man
L R Prince, Boston
J C Cunningham, Los
Angfles
G G Carl. Or
C H Crawford. Or
W C Morrow. Portland
I) Holllster. dmrtland
II L Luchltt, Hacto
O F J(.nes. Washinxton
X A Peterson, w & two
children. Fresno
T, A Phillips, LOS Antr
F M Swasey & w, Red
dine
G Baker. Lof Ansrrles
F n Pltner, Lo.s Ang
O F. K'.lson. Cal
J H WllKon Jr. Wash
1^ H Talen, Norfolk
S F Denby, Wash
II B Xomient, Va
Mrs F M Hansen.Wash
J E Denny. Vlsalla
J L Campbell & w, S
Bernnrdino
H Uemmick. Vallejo .
L D <2 Gray, I^os Ang
F II Fo'.som. Seattle
.1 F Price, St Louis
R J Peabody. Chicago
R B Teefy, Stockton
H Snalp & w. S Jose
E A Forbes, Maryaville
O H Shlveley, Oroville
W E Alien & w. A\'a?h
Z I) Mathiess, Los An
S O Ingle. S Diego
J D McGee. Lindsey
H McGee. Lindsay
J L llanleman. Cal
C S Dow & w, Sjul.sby
vllie
Miss I Wight and two
children. Boulsbyvlll»
V Womip, San Luis Ob
T B Herd. Dubuuue
W H Cotter, Stanford
W Smith. I," S N
H Hlackman, Cal
J F Clapp. Chicago .
G \V Mr.uk, Ottawa
B Well. ModeKto
G E Clark, Xapa
Mrs Weil. Modesto
M'ss B Weil, Modesto
Mips Clark, Modesto
Miss M Weil, Modesto
W E Bunker. Newman
M Marks. Oroville
S N Alexander, Orovll
W Beurd. Colusa
Mrs A Fuller, Vallejo
PALACE HOTEI
H M Raker & w, C.ii
<^ F Clarke. Chicago
M B Buford & w, N Y
A W Smith, N Y
J C Holden. Montreal
The Misses Holden,
Montreal
F B Straukamp, N Y
W B Thomas. U S V
C Yeaman & w. Denver
It W Urower. Hutte
J L Albutton. Butte
A Gocel. St Louis
J E Beyer. Seattle
(i W Gray. Chicago
W E Fitch, Ky
A L Thonipson, Md
A W Smith, Md
T M Soofford, Mo
Mrs Spofford, Mo
E C Register, S C
P Haberland, N Y
W Davis & w. X Y
Dr J Farley & w. Pa
O F Todman. Sydney
M H Todman, Sydney
K H Rabcock, Sydney
H B Kendrlck. L Ang
K C Buell & w, L Ang
A M'-Tinker. Wash
K C Voorhles, Cal
W J Hawks, L Ang
H B Lelifh, Monterey
D Lee. Carson
A H Brown. Cal
3 M Lane Jr, Cal
R Lenzman, Canton
W E Eldridge, N Y
W Jcwett, Wash
.1 F Kldfler & w. Cal
Miss U Kidder. Cal
J F Robinson. Cal
J Flnhirpon. S Rafael
R P Sherman. Berkele>
Baron J de Fountainey,
Paris
W F Durarc, Paris
M L Powers & w, N T
C Wilson. Iowa
J B Patton. Ky
C E Calm. N Y
J A SpraK'ie. Denver
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sent 2-Stmr Koe
nlx Lulsp, from Xew York for Bremen, and
proceed ed.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 2-Ftrnr La Tour
sine, from Havre: stmr City of Rome, from
Oreenook and Mr>v!l!e: stmr Maaadam. from
Rotterdam and Bou'ocne. •
Sailed SeDt 2— Stmr Em?, for Naples and
QUEENSTOWX— Sailed Sept 2-Stmr Etru
ria. from Falmouth for New York.
HAVRE — Sailed Sept 2 — Stmr La Bretagne,
for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 2— £Vhr "V\"m Renter,
for San Francisco: schr Salvator, fcr San
Pedro.
Sailed Ser>t 2— Kr bark Ivanhoe. for Calla^.
PORT HADLOCK-Sailed !r>pt 1— Schr Vrm
H Smith, for Whatcom.
ASTORIA— Arrived Pent 2-Stmr .State of
California, hence Aufr CI; Br stmr Monmouth
shire, from Hongkong.
Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Fulton, for San Francisco:
V S stmr Argyll, for China.
PORT TOWXSEXD— Passed In Sept 2-Stmr
Aberdeen, from Skaguay, for Seattle.
Arrived i'ept 2— Bktn Northwest, from San
Pedro.
COOS BAT— Sailed Sept 2— Schrs Chaa E Falk
and James A Garfield. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr lanua, hec
Sert 1.
WESTPORT-Sailed Sent 2-Strar Xavarro.
for U*al. ¦
GREENWOOD— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Alcatraz.
for Sun Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr
Alcarar.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per strnr Brunswick — Seat 2. 10 a m. 5 miles
N"\V of Point Reyes, pasyed tugs towing log
raft; weather t>mooth.
MEMORANDUM.
Christen and Carolina Nielsen to George F.
Hlldreth, lot on S line of San Jose avenue. 100
K of Chestnut street, E 50 by S 150. being lot
16. block N, lands adjacent to Encinal, Ala
medn; J1P.
C. M. and Faille II. Gayley to David B. Hun
ter, lot on W line of College avenue. 212.34 S
of rvwtght way. S 50 by W 1J9.4S. belnq; lot 8.
block A, Hillegass Tract, Map 3, Berkeley;
$li>C0.
Home Building Company to Urban A. Lewis,
lot 40. mar. of Forest Park Tract, Brooklyn
Township; ?10.
Masonic Hall Association of Alameda to Dan
iel L. Randolph, lot on S line of Alameda ave
nue. 1C0.C7 W of Park street. W 3S.8, S 100. E
130.23. N 3.".. 05. W 'HA, N 65.05 to beginning.
Alameda: also certain conditions; ill, 500.
Fretl L. and Kmily J. Miller to Louis Schnei
der, lot on E line of Cherry street, 175 S of
Jones avenue, S 50 by E 100. lot IS, block 20,
Warner ! Tract, Brooklyn Township, quitclaim
de?d; $10.
Minerva J. Sweeney to William H. Hetlmann.
lot 7, block I, map cf Paradise Park. Berkeley;
$10.
Helen L. Sweetser (wife of George \V.) to
Anna M. Tyler, lot on SW corner of Effle and
Calais street.", W 25 by N 132:8, being lot 25.
block 34, on map of resubdlvidetl Smith's sub
division of Matthews Tract, Berkeley: $150.
3.11 acres, being lot 13. Frultvale Heights,
quitclaim deed. Brooklyn Township; $50.
B. F. Goodwin to Frank A- Pratt, the SE
'0 feet lot 19, Map of Forest Park Tract,
Brooklyn Township; ?10.
Joseph and Mrs. J. Scaflre (his wife) to R. E.
Lansland, lot on E line of Third street, 102 X
of Cypress, E 111. S 52. W to Kast Third street.
N to beginning, being portion of block 21, New
Map cf Woodstock, Alameda; $10.
W, F. Kroll (trustees estates Felix Marcune
anil Julius A. Itemmel. bankrupts) to C. R.
Johnson, lot on N line of Pacific avenue. 21S:S
K cf Sherman street, E 33:4 by N 150; al3o lot
on W line of Sherman street, 170:9 S of Pacific
avenue, S 23.32 by \V 150, Alameda; $200.
Louis, H.irbolla. Rosalia K. and Charles MM
diet n. Alice and Allen Rarbolla to J. D.
Oliveira. lot on K corner of First and C streets.
SIS 1S5 by NE 100. Town of Haywards, Eden
Township; $000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO AKRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
9
Steamer.
From.
Due
Oak Branch Portland
Pomona I Seattle
Victoria Oyster Harbor
Rival Willapa Harbor
firace Dollar .. San Pedro
MIncola Nanaimo
Santa Rosa San Diego
Dorle China and Japan
TTmatllla Victoria
Empires [Coos Ray
Czarina IS»attle
Kurc-ka I Humbold t
Point Arena.... j Point Arena
Crescent City ..(Crescent City
Ctxjullle River. Grays Harbor
Coos Bay Newport
Newport New York
Stato of Cal.... Portland
Del Norte Portland
Corona jfan Dlepo
North Fork |Humbo!dt
City of Pucbla. I Victoria
Arcatn fCoos Ray + .
.Sep.
ISep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
,|Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
.Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Pep.
.[Sep.
3
3
t
3
4
4
I
4
4
5
6
6
6
C
(t
7
7
7
S
s
9
9
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Arcata ....|CoosBay Sep. 3, 12 mjpier 1J
W. Walla.. Victoria Sep. S. 11 ami Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 3, 3 pm Pier 2
TJonlta Newport jSep. 4. 9 amlPler 11
CJ Dollar.. I Grays Harbor Sep. 4. 5 pm I Pier 2
Rival |Wlllapa Sep. 5, 5 pmjPier 2
Pomona ...|Humboldt Sep. 5, 2 pmjPler 9
Tanls (Hamburg Sep. 5, 5 pm Pier 7
Marlposa ..Australia Sep. 6, 8 pm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 5. 11am Pier 24
China China &Japan Sep. 6, 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa Han Diego Sep. » fi. 11 am Pier 11
Curacao ... Mexico Sep. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Empire .... Coos Ray Sep. 7, 10 am Pier 13
Acapulco .. New York Sep. 8, 12 m PMSS
ITmatilla ..Victoria Sep. S. 11 am Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport Sep. 8, 8 am Pier 11
Czarina ...fSoattle Sep. 8. 10 am Pier 8
O ITimH Time Time Time
v | 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o IL, "VVJ- H W L. W H W
S .. 0:13 0.6 7:32 S.9 11:43 3.3 5:42 5.1
4 '.. 1:10 0.4 8:24 4.3 12:5$ 8.1 8:62 5.2
5 2:01 ¦ 0.2 9:06 4.S 1:£9 2.9 7:»S S.I
6 .. 2:48 0.11 9:15 4.9 2:52 2.2 9:00 S.«
7 ... 3:30 0.2! 10:21 5.2 3:42 1.7 9:57 6.6
8 . 4-11 0.S! 10:5.* R.3 4:31 1.2 10:51 5.6
9 ... 4:55 0.7| ll:30| 5.4 5:20| 0.7 11:43 5.4
O ITimH Time Time Time
v | 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o IL, "VVJ- H W L. W H W
S .. 0:13 0.6 7:32 S.9 11:43 3.3 5:42 5.1
4 '.. 1:10 0.4 8:24 4.3 12:5$ 8.1 8:62 5.2
5 2:01 ¦ 0.2 9:06 4.S 1:£9 2.9 7:»S S.I
6 .. 2:48 0.11 9:15 4.9 2:52 2.2 9:00 S.«
7 ... 3:30 0.2! 10:21 5.2 3:42 1.7 9:57 6.6
8 . 4-11 0.S! 10:5.* R.3 4:31 1.2 10:51 5.6
9 ... 4:55 0.7| ll:30| 5.4 5:20| 0.7 11:43 5.4
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Arcata ....|CoosBay Sep. 3, 12 mjpier 1J
W. Walla.. Victoria Sep. S. 11 ami Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 3, 3 pm Pier 2
TJonlta Newport jSep. 4. 9 amlPler 11
CJ Dollar.. I Grays Harbor Sep. 4. 5 pm I Pier 2
Rival |Wlllapa Sep. 5, 5 pmjPier 2
Pomona ...|Humboldt Sep. 5, 2 pmjPler 9
Tanls (Hamburg Sep. 5, 5 pm Pier 7
Marlposa ..Australia Sep. 6, 8 pm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 5. 11am Pier 24
China China &Japan Sep. 6, 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa Han Diego Sep. » fi. 11 am Pier 11
Curacao ... Mexico Sep. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Empire .... Coos Ray Sep. 7, 10 am Pier 13
Acapulco .. New York Sep. 8, 12 m PMSS
ITmatilla ..Victoria Sep. S. 11 am Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport Sep. 8, 8 am Pier 11
Czarina ...fSoattle Sep. 8. 10 am Pier 8
Steamer.
From.
Due
Oak Branch Portland
Pomona I Seattle
Victoria Oyster Harbor
Rival Willapa Harbor
firace Dollar .. San Pedro
MIncola Nanaimo
Santa Rosa San Diego
Dorle China and Japan
TTmatllla Victoria
Empires [Coos Ray
Czarina IS»attle
Kurc-ka I Humbold t
Point Arena.... j Point Arena
Crescent City ..(Crescent City
Ctxjullle River. Grays Harbor
Coos Bay Newport
Newport New York
Stato of Cal.... Portland
Del Norte Portland
Corona jfan Dlepo
North Fork |Humbo!dt
City of Pucbla. I Victoria
Arcatn fCoos Ray + .
.Sep.
ISep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
,|Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
.Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Sep.
. Pep.
.[Sep.
3
3
t
3
4
4
I
4
4
5
6
6
6
C
(t
7
7
7
S
s
9
9
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAUFURXIA, KS2, near Powell— Extra dc-
«ii-abl»' Eur.ny furnished housekeeping parlors.
CLl^MKNTINA, VA. off Fourth— Housekeeping r
room*, cotriiiete; also Elngie rooms; private. 1
ELLIS. 621. near Larkin— Newly furnished front t
room; fttiusf kecj.ins; $10: suite of 2 rooms, ?12;
frcnt suite of 3 rooms. |»; all sunny.
FOLSOM. TTC 1 !— 2 neatly furnished connecting c
rooms ; »^tove; also 1 laxg« sinsle; reafionable.
GOLlJKX GATE AVE.. €40 — Sunny corner '
_ fuito with kitchen; also other rooms. .
GREEN, 4!7 — 3 sunny connecting rooms, neatly
furm'slted; tunny yard; quiet j>iace; $10.
HOWARD, 10C?'4 — Two connpctlnjr housekeeping 1
__itt:h.. furn.. $!<; also double nnd Finale rooms. !
HYDE. 4CS — Sunny front alcove fuite, complets ! •
f<T housekoeplnir. t;0; also parlor hUite.
JESSIE, CG3. near Fifth and Market— 2 house- j
__kceplng. ??; furnished roon.f, $4. $5 and $»>.
HARRIET, 4C— Two large sunny rooms fur- ' :
nlshed for housekeeping: rent cheap.
MAItKET. ler.S, opposite Tenth— Furnished bed-
room nrA kitchen; comfortable, sunny al-
cove : ;s each.
MeALUETEH, r.3S— 3 nicely furniFhed sunny
frcnt ri/oms; sink, range, bath, laundry; $20.
McDERMOTT ilare. 1. bet. Turk and Eddy— j
Three houseKceping rooms; neatly furnished. ,
NATOMA. S2, near Second— Nice sunny front |
housckc^pins- rooms.
OAK, US— «unny Fini;lf room?, furnished for j
housfkeeiiinr, $G :ind f? each; c:as extra.
: OAK, l"0— 3 furnished rooms for housekeeping; j ]
I no children.
rOLK. ".2"— FurnisheJ and unfurnished house-
k"( ptr.g room*; rent cheap. <
POWELL^ M", near Sacramento — 3 unfurnished i
locir.s; gas; 512 : marine view; all sunny rms. I
6UNXNT-BROOK House, XE. cor. Gough, j
Market anl IlafRhl— Furnished rooms to let by j
da^¦. we«k or month; ulso housekeepins; en - j
trance & Gonjrh et.
SI'TTER. 407—3 hou^ekeerlr.p rooms.
THIRTEENTH. 3Z9. near Valencia- Lar^e front
room furni«h»>d complete for housekeeping; !
! also small r.mm. : (
I VAN NESS ave., 402—3 neatly furnished con.
*ur.iiy rooms; also bay-window suite; hskpg.
VAX NT3S3 AVli., Sir.— Parlor floor: all newly !
. furnished; sunny; large yard; references.
VAN' NESS. 1021— Front suites; large single
rooms with running water.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmnre st. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and .
«uhscr!|)tinn« has been established at 10S6 | •
Valencia Et. I
ROOMS TO 1-CT— l'urn. and Inforn. j
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms j
2iic to tl per night, II 25 to $5 per week, and
lijrht housekeeping; open all night.
A — SUTTEn, 717, near Taylor — Sunny; choice;
reasonable; pleaso Investljcate.
AT C2 s*-ocnl— LiRht houselceeptnr. fl so to $2 50
J.er ivk; single and double. $1 to $2 SO per wk.
j BURNETT. 14^6 Market (old No. 1344)— Fur-
; nifhod rms.. suite's, eing^le; also unfurnished.
1 BUSH, C20 (The Elk)— Changed hands, newly
i re.iovated. nicely furn. sunny rme., 51 CO to $7
w«ek; ISO to » 50 niKht. MRS. V. RANFT.
I GEARY, »;6 — Elegant sunny front rooms; piano;
suites and other rooms; phone.
' flEARY. S7K— Klejrant sunny rooms; private;
bath; single nnd suites.
[GOLDEN GATE, 727— Finely furn. front rm. :
! slr.ple, en suite; K?nts; private; reasonable. j 1
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
j and Mission ste.— Sunny rooms, en euite or
i tingle; ladies' parlor; readinjr-rocm; elevator.
i HARRISON. 7S4«4, nr. 4th— Finely furn. sunny j
I rr.:.«. : bath; al! conv.; homelike: Jl week up. !
i HOTEL Francisco — Elegant suites; single; tran-
j f!»nt; t.-ths. MltS. KINO, Turk and Taylor. I
I HOWARD, i2Jk— Hooms from $1 week up to $5; j
j Se :o J! ni^ht; also housekeeping rooms. |
; HOWARD. SS3, cor. tth— Orlando House— New I
! management: funiishe"! rms.: suites or slngie. j
I HOWARD, 2611, near Twenty-second— Suony
( fr^r.t room; sir.c'.e; j",.
: JESSIE, 2t~>3. near Fifth nnd Market— Furnished
: r. ¦ r.-s }(. to and $6; 2 housekeeping, $9.
I JESSIE, 365 — Furnished rooms; also housekeep-
| Ing rooms.
. LAKKIN. M" 11 -!— Sunni' front alcove rooms;
' lieht hous^keepiTig : firas; bath: $!."> per month. |
I LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3 i
1 rma.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional. |
j MINNA." S67. corner F:lghth— Newly furnished |
l«y-nindow room, $i i>er week; transient. | ,
MISSION, 1221— Sunny single front room; J5; j
I al.-o room suitable for 2; IC. |
NINTH. Vi— -Sunny f Ingle rooms; gentlemen
only; reasonable; with bath.
NOE, i.V, — 2 or 3 sunny bay-window rooms; gas
ranse; grate; bath; $14.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and .
j offices: elevator; electric lishts: day. wk., mo.
: OFAliKELL. 742— Nicely furnished sunny quiet j
room?, fn suite or single; gas. bath, phone. I
j O'FARRELL. li r 'l— 2 nicely fur. front rooms: 1
sunny; bath; private family; no children.
j POST. 557— Newly furnished front room; other j
! rooms; unfurnlabed; reasonable.
ROsHDALE Hou<=r. 3:9 ar.d 321 Elllsst. -Rooms, i
I night 2^c to $1, we<-k $1 X> to $4: open nisht. i
j HOYAL HOUSE. 120 Ellis st.— Incandescent J
liK-'t: reading: room, smokinp room and ladles' j
parlor; rooms, per nlg-ht. 33e to $1 DO; week. $2 j
to JS; month. JS to J20; elevator on office
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
i SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. ¦
SIXTH. 136— Furnished sunny rooms: single or I
Fult»»s; also rooms for light housrkcerlnff.
j TAYLOR. Sl« — N'ewly furnished sunny front :
room for 2. !ir> per month; tras. bath. etc.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions j
rvcelv^d at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st. 1
i ! j
HOO.MS AXD HOARD.
I MIPS~pXyLIN"S, 415 First— Rooms v.Mth or j
without board; term« reasonable. |
SPECIAL XOTICGS.
! ROOMS papered from J2 50; whitened, tl up;
painting <ion<». Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
I BAD tenants «-Ject«»d for 14: collection* mad»;
i city it ..-ountry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
, 415 Montponnry St.. rooms 9-10: tel. K.8J. ¦
I St£\VI.\O HACBIXBS ASP Stl'I'MES. |
' COUOHT, B<!d. rented, repaired, needles and ¦
; airattlea: reduced rates. H5. t;th; phonellint45. 1
j -
j Al-T^ klrnjp b.jusht. sold and r^PHiilng sruaran- I
• . . ,; .]¦:.. l>Ianib«>ck. m"> Mission, nr. 15th. j
! AI>L kinds bjui,ht, sold, exchanged, rented; j
rrrair'.rr at lowest ratew. 205 Fourth yt.
: ! ¦ S I
STORAGE A>D WAREHOLSES.
! WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered !
vain Tenth and Market; phone South 7G2.
! PACIFIC f-'toroee and Furniture Moving Com- i
xr.ny 1?,2<) Fillmope et. : phone Jackson 2S1.
: 1SEKINS Van and fc'torase Co.. 722 Mission St.; j
t'-l. Mb in 1M<>— Pa* king, movirjf and etoras*. j
TO LEASE.
j TO lease— 200x200. near Five Mile House, with
houses; suitable fr,r chicken or duck ranch.
At-ply THOS. ROBERTS 1615 Market ut^
| — — I
TVI'EWHITEIIS AMI SII'I'IJES.
GREAT BARGAINS, 'IN J TTPEWRITEB*pW«
tell l^-tte»- machines fr.r les* money than any
hcus»- in the city; rentals, }V The Typewriter i
Kx- l;ang»^. California, telephone Main 2<tt. |
AI/.VAYS bariralns In typewriters; nny make. |
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXAXDKH, I
110 Montgomery st.
NEW typewritcra, $j down. J3 month payments.
HEVALK. California ft.
DIVIDEXDj NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 19 (30c per |
fhar^) of the Pnauhau Plantation !
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 227 Market e.i., on and E.fter 'Wed-
r.fPilRy, 12, 1800. Transfer books
<-li,j;e on Thursday. Spptember C. 1900. at 3
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. .Secretary. j
DXVXOEttn notic — The Giant Pow.ler Com- I
jiany. Con. A dividend. No. 21, of seventy-
five cerits <">?) per hhare on the indued capital
st.vk of the company has been declared, pay- |
able at the offict 1 of the company. 430 Call- j
forr.la St.. Ran Francisco, un HP-it ember 12. I
3300. Transfer books close Fej/tember 5, 19C0,
11 ». -Tic>on. A. A. SPARKS. Socretary.
ruoj'osALS. ~
ITlOPOSALS for clearing and Brubblns: tr»es
KrHdine. leveling and rolling and repairing
road.* at National Cemetery. San Francisco,
Cat.— General lJepot Quartermaster's Depart-
ment. 35 New Uontcnmery St., San Francis-
co September 2. 1»C(V— Sealed proposals. In
trirl' catf '' w11 ' ** received at this office until
11 o'clock a. m., October 4, 1900, and then
Djcned for the above work. In accordance
v.-ith plans and specifications on file here,
¦which can be seen on application. Envelopes
containing, proposals will be indorsed •'Pro-
posalE for Clearing;, Grubbing and Repairing
Rr^rls etc.," and addressed to Major OSCAR
F. LONG. Quartermaster, U. 8. Vols., Depot
Quartermaster.
I'ERSOXALS.
n"KXI?irnr» room— Kcarny-^t. corner; snporh
view ir.r ttrpot pcenon holiday -week. Apply
MAJ. CLARK, 120 California Et.
tul: HUDSON itivi;it CO..
HOPES BROS.
iIattr*"Sf---!= e.T il j illow made to order, re-
oovcrcd b.vA reno%ate*i; honest work Kuaran-
teed: prices d«:y competJtlca: fine upholstery;
l-hcre r^.i:-': factorr. Sit aad 320 Eleventh f=t.;
Crst-claaa deaoins an 'l rf»"i»S. l^-'s o'Farrell,
near Pcwrell. tan Kranclsco.
G. LKI 'EKEIl. the ixji-u'.ar ha I rdrf ?seV-The
very Deatesi &r<* latcct hair onljrCc.
O U3OERBB lia» a Rot nchlbitloa or hair
switches tJiif w<-ek. Jl up: llvrht and gray
«=»-1tches a specialty; biir^ains. 123 Stockton.
L^derer Qulctoolca. Hair Tonic. ?5c bnt.: Leder*
<^r Foarao Bhampco. only ic iikg. la Pt.x-ktcn.
Sl'lT^ to order i n »-a?y i-ayraents. Art Tallcr-
¦.t-.c: <*.»., l-Ai .V.ark-t st.. under St. Nicholas
Hotel.
HAIR floct -t's remedy, perfection; preventF.
cwrecte. < 3-Ci:"ht»r. M~.S Frar.klin St.. Oak-
land; lr.f; rr .'.•::; stainii.
VH T7 ' SUK 5 ¦ 1 ". 1 > ?
dieted \rith Rheonutlra <r.n ir.at-
!(¦:¦'¦ '•¦2 s'-vr]'*:nc).cr any other chronic
• -. rh^ald «-a:i at <>nce at the SANS
S Van N»ss are. — the up-to-date m-
- treatment. \Ve have ZZ years'
eyperleRce. Char^t-s reasonable.
JLTJAN1PM ~ ' Julian Mac7t?.e. Ir.U'.ate. has
: !::s clnpsos for cptrit ur.folcjmfnt ar.J
A.d« : :-! 'p oa Tuesday and Thursday eventasB.
lock: fr-o lecture Friday eve.. S o'clock;
•,^t!rn da'.ly. 9 to I. «1<* Golden <late hv*«.
3-:i.r '"TKIC llphts in every room— Winchester
H ¦¦'¦. ** Th'rd Ft., near Market: 700 rootsp; j
• '1 M ;.er r.'.frht ; Jl to JO jwr week;
- t-'ct ard oargag* to and from the ferry.
to ord'-T na Installments: JIS u;:t»-ard;
f: a -Reek. LKON LKMOS. 1117 Market St..
between i-fvfr.lh «r.d Kiu'ilh.
I [LES-30e r^rmaner.t cure? in Har, Fr:ir.cl?co,
v V-1 rr.n be Men; :: • ¦••¦r.iticn; :io pain: par-
tlculart ser.t. Ad. Physician, box l.<»0. Call.
HAIR quickly cmlefl or waved by 'jslng Tal-
'•ctj'e curln c fln'.d; ?ie a bottle; drusplsts.
v.'ANTF.D- Ald-:-*h!orcd rilver. lira??, coypcr
TV are: curloa. all des-rir'.lors. r.^. Uur>ont ft.
AUntCOtniS Ccrptiaa ller.na rettores uray
hr:r to Its BKtttral o<.!or; V, at a!l dru(TK:-=t«.
CA5T-OFF datlllnr. Old rold and silver bought :
for.d p^Ptal. <*OI.r\t^N'S. f/r, Keamy Ft.
rnvsiciAKs and sihgeons.
I>R. J. H. KEKVi:. If'i Kearnv. cun>s hy~e\ec-
triclty. Nenous l*rwtratlon. Insomnia. Asth-
ma. Rheumatism. I'aralj-Fl?. Catarrh, Oon-
f-umiticr., KJdaey ar.U !r."ammatoiy ca«e«;
difeafccs dlatrsosed.
DR. C. C. O-DONNHLIj— Olflce and residence.
IT; H Maihf-t Ft.. 1-"t. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
I'.» ItTY owning well-built 6-ronm cottae?, value
iZ KM net. in {n«.J n>>iphborhoo-i. within -nuJk-
Jr.g distance of bualneaa KCtloa,^ would ex-
change Fame for uniin;iroved lot adjacent to
Panhandle; will p:ve ur take ctsh difference,
liox <C2C. Ca'-l office.
::'¦'¦ EACH— <3»lce l"v«--l lots; CClin; at Ing'.e-
slde end Bear ••lectri': care; the*e lot» c-jst
r;o. P. ROTBERMEXs HB California st.
CH1CKKN ranch t.. lrt at Fairmnurt, with cot-
'.a?<>. (table. iMrkcn houses; lat l^tiSi'7. J. B.
LKWH5. ISt Moatsi r..< ry M.
TO x l >¦&'¦" cheap: property en Howard
«.. between Fourth and Fifth. Apply BKW
Dros Co.. Alanjeda.
MODERN booeea liui't; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell, 1^7 Mi*Eion.
ill.S^ION cottage: C roorr.s and bath: lance lot;
terms to ru'.t I.u3 - er. Owner 413 Kearnv st.
A TTEEK*B T.f v, ~ for h cents. The Weekly Call.
16 {a?<?. in rrapper. for maiiingr. Jl per year.
HGAL ESTATE COl\TRV For Sale
A ITHEAP little r^.r.'.-h of SO acre^.'i miles
frum Ii. R town, Alamr-da County: 1. him.
larn. r<''J'tr>' bouses, plenty of jrood wa:<-r.
<ict uarttrulars of this. H. H. CRANE. j>j»
California Ft.
FOR KENT— 27j-oere farm: Alarr.pda County;
casn ror.t. Ii. H. CRA.VE, Ed California Ft.
UA1:C.\IN— Fine stock rar.ch f»nd general firm;
-.vaipred: nt-ar rat!rr,a<l and this city;
rooi Itnprowaenti: a lovely linmc; Investi-
gate thla. 31. H. OUANE. 50S California st.
F 1 '!'. 5a'*— At a baisaln. r.ew house. S roorrn.
nr.d cold •rater tfxrociirotrt; near station: at
Uetmoct: elevated; magnificent *1«r; G acre*:
I ¦ ture. 2 orchard. 1 acre urouiiJ house; all
ft-nc«?d; barn and fine hen houses; excellent
water supply; removing Ka«t. tience will f-»I1
et cacrlSr*; lnv^-tfcst^- and nukl reanorial.le !
effer. Apply to JuHN I>. ALLAN. Belmoot- i
A'CVHATC penuRal koowlecijre— "ach of the i
?0^j van<^ies on n:y FALK and EJCCHANQK 1
'.;':. M< ro th^n all ctht-r ajrents tn this oltv. j
N'. D. the land ar«-nl. C Oeary rt.
A— t' JV ": Btre hosr> in Lcs Gate*; | room?. A;.- i
ply A. M. SPECK & CO.. €67 Market rt-
<ITV prcrwrty and farm* 50M or exchanged.
M GRIFF1IC. TIS* Market at.: list f r<^f . '
FOB Fale— About arrfs f>f land; near Colraa,
r-'ar. Mateo Ccunty. 445 Valencia st.
CHE ' I EST ar.d host In America— Th« Weekly
<^a::. :C ;.spe?:. f-nt to any adirwo In the
Vr.it*^ States or Canada one year for tl.
HEAL ESTATE TO BXCUAAGC
EXCHANGE— 10 SCTM !n town of Orays Ha>
bor fcr propf rty in bay or coast counties. Cox
AUMDA ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
ALAMKDV RCAL ESTATG.
BJLBOAXSfS in Improved and Vin:mj>rcv*Kl Ala-
rr.^'.o. r"a! c»:at«- !n fcU i>arts of Alameda on
<:.'¦¦¦ tenae. Aluaeda Lan<l Company. I5W \
I'ar*t f. .. Alameda; SB Post st.. San Francisco. ;
S1200— Must tif sold: house and lot. CZoclV): near 1
M' rton ttatlon. Address V. ROTHEP.MEL. |
'..<- «;-alifrTi-.ia ft. j
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS j
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
BEE^YOU r»a!ly shou". i Pee this: it's worth ;
••^r^cMor. ; : i*x DOmpletMl; southeast corner ¦
r»»«T»pn av«. ar.<l Derby r\.; i-room rot- I
t>jt?. finlfhd In a th.jp ¦¦;«»,', y workmanlike
manner In every r«^.r<-t; with (ie<tric lights, i
pa.-= connectiona. »>tc.. and only 10 minute*' i
w.-i:k rrorn the unlverrttr. Apply to MASON '
A Md.EXATIir.N, adj-.in'.ns I*, "o.. Berkeley!
r'atlon. j
ROW-DO y,-u vrar.t b hrme; rplrk and !
Fjian. up-to-date and cnmplfte tn all part1>-u- '
iarp? Sap per S and € rr^-.rn bunsaloTi- r-<-.t- •
'RS*! 1 OB Grove Ft.; tboroughly ajr^lnfd mi»i- !
< rr. homes; and on your own tenni to ric:u i
nartleB. H. D. IRXVIX. raUroad iraltlnr-rooni 1
ls,r.n Ftaticn. Open Puridaya.
ilCZS, — IN order to start buildirj; nn a new tract
J make this offer; new cottasre hcuse <.f 5
rooms; all modern; let 41*::::. (/! , ghattuck
av«?., near Lorlmer ft.; I will furr.'.sh plans
i.r.d Fi^rlfioatt.ins. J. H. roUXQ. builder
324S Park tt.. Alameda.
X?.2ZJ< — rcj:\V an<i handsome two-story bouae "
roome aafl bath; corner ;..t, 60x100; r.^ar
Ashby station; alto other bargain! In Berke-
ley. Address P. nOTHgRMEL. 5CJ Califor-
nia St.
tavestakeat for itrrp: Mock of lani favor-
ably lowtfil nesr r^imir.ff Hanta Fe Haliri ail
Parti- ulnr? CWILLM^TT. ?16 Miitkrt 't..c.j-\
OAKLiXD ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— HIS EKOADWAY.
OAKLASD REAL ESTATE^
TH" CHEATEST HOME IN" OAKLAND.
F'r». modern two-»tory «iwe!!ir.fl; of 9 rooms,
Lay-uir. ' ta t- r,-er, porcelain Imtlt tuJj, enani^l
•ink, Roered .'.;!c, l.rlck CcoBdAttpn and hiph
Mseaeiit; •:••• house la caly four years oi<i;
v.-i ¦ bulit f.>r a. home e.n.1 is Jr.sured for tlcOt';
the : t is a corner. iCxlM f~et (ncte the elze).
barn for tram, vehicle and Mvc tens of
;•:: :..vn ar.d ctoat walks ail
huiise; bdh etr*c-ts maca/laniized;
; 1 1> ooat rrt«i.-nt >.wwr JCt/O 1 *.
er.d h»- is «WUri« out to I?ave town: title i^r-
tect and n<> ricrtgape: clioJce locution ; haml/
to cars a: I ; ; . ;1:i; matt l)V t^ n tl) a]1 j, r; _
rUu-d; a big barcala for anyb-jdy vanUag a
f.ne home vr-ry <•..,¦;, - :-. Z~?*r
tJEOIiGE IV. AI'FTIN' A CO..
Th>! Jl'>uj.e Kenters.
'*"> BrcadWAjr. OaklariJ.
J. Z. DODLE & CO..
6-rocrned cotti..;,.. _^:t b t., price $2500; $700
oo»x.
ch^S J: WiU scl1 t0 pI ff?* rur "
E-roome4 modern fottaire- Urrtv «t - •ti'W-
5T(Hi down: halar.^. IrSSta^ti^:
C-room«J <~utace; Franklin et. ; t2>;^>; cn«-
haU each, balance to suit purchasV
10-roomcd house; Adeline n.; $ia»; on^-half
cafh. bclr'.nce to r.uit buyer "
,. £ ; r . O ?2?nf. r «%J?T : % I r ; 'v"-c«- T, Bik from sta-
tion: t-,03 t^« down, balance oa la«taIUa«nta.
6-roomM cottage; Peralta »t. ; %vm . c .^j
down, balance to m!t lurchaxer
:-rootn<i cottate: Chr^r.ut it.: ISX10; $130
down, lialarce insial!rn.'rr«.
OAKLAXD FIB MTl :nKI~Kc»K~S A Lli]
AN Introduction to you from Il7scheiihals"the
furmtar* dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION «^/\LEI
THIS DAY.
MONDAY. Sertn..urr i. »j-<i. at 11 a. IU.— 4O
head of splendid horses, suitable for any ar..l
all purpose*. All well broken: 6 er*»at hl^
drafthorses In th« hunoh. OCCIDENTAL
I1OK.SK KXCHANOE, T^l Howard st.
EM1L COHX, AUCTIONEER,
Will s»U. to-dny. Septeinher 3. at 11 o'clock
a. m.. at 42J Fell street, tlie w»>U-kept oak fur-
niture, carpets. ru«s. curt.»lns. bedJlng. tx?l
lin»n. «ewlas machine, range, utensils, cro^k-
»O'. glaBsware.etc, of cottage. EMIL COHN.
Auctioneer.
jj^
<"ai!fomia Rona and Mule Yards, 1K1 M^ark<<
yt.. between Twelfth ar.d Thirteenth— 6« head oC
draft and driving honrt to be »oKl at publla
auction TVESPAY. Srpt. 4. 1330. 9. WAT-
KINS. Anctl.-.neer.
5^> 5>?> 5^
I CARLOADS DRIVIXn ar.l PHAFT BOSSX9:
all broken: matched pairs: wel^hlnst io;rt t.-»
if'iO: chur.ka; bred by II. B. Harrtman md
Wllman Br«* CHASE & IIENDEN'IIAI-L,
H.ilo.ivaril 1732 street.
BArLKOAD TRAVEL.
ft«»i tiiku^i i-uiiic loiirisi.
tl-Arini: ntrat]
hah i-'ic«m« >.«<«».
(Main Line. Too: of llarKet Slreel)
LEavs — Fr.ou AUOU3T 12. 1900. — arritb
•7:O»a Bci.irf». Sulann, Kmira. YacaTlUtJ.
Huuisey »uu Nafranx-nto # 7:I.Tp
•7:O«»a Sb».-.u Ktpicss— lntis, Willlimaifv.r
Kutlett .S;:i: -.;), rti.i.j.. ... .
Iiluff. l'oiiMi.d. «7:4Sp
¦T:3Oa MarMi.r'. Sati Kama, Valinjo. N*; *,
iftlUti'inaiMlHanra ":.¦¦«.>. *U:l.1p
¦8:0I*a lMvi<. WooUUad. Kn:,1;j Lsodiay.
Marygtilie, nr>nlll» *7:l5p
j •*!«» \ AUaMta Kiuill— ITqilin .»:• I East *13:l%t>
?"»:•« \ Nilot, Tr^cy. L»ihrop, Swcklun •ttslo*
•»::»»» n»n ..,..,-. 1 lunimr». HUfCkton,
lnne. SacrainriiCK, riacefiilla.
Uanst lil««, CUic.), i:«.l Itl.iif Mil3f
•A:3t>A OaVtlki-. rhiueao (for Yiwetnitr).
auiior*. Carur* 'lil^p
•'.»:«<>» II»;w»riU. :-,i. :.»¦:•! Way HtathMM. *l llHi
•1>:OOa Lus Acgelcs Eiprein — Mmi-Atmz,
Tricy, L»ti.rt>i>. .-»io<-li tou, M re- i
Kro-ino anil Lei Angeles *7:I^p
•»t:iO« V»l|,.i-». Martinez and VV if Stations "aii.-.p
•IO:OI»a Th- «'»v-.ri4ii.i UmiWA— OgJeu. Iv..
Ter, Onia!:i«. i:hica« i •aM'ir
*lllOtt& K:l-^. Stocnton, i»or»ra^nt«, M<mi-
tlota. Fresno, li»i f r .. \ i »K.«,
r.r^tTil.e »i:13»
•1 1 :!»«*«. LlTi.ri".->ri. SartT Goshen Jono-
tl-i". litkenSeliLLos AaKetea
M'itlMm Mty.r ir in. Nilr« Mini \V»J aUtkns, "l:fi?
fl:l»Or H»O(iun«iiU> I(ltei8t«nin«ni f3:O»«
•:t:««p 1Ujt«!i, Nilts »oil V.'«7 Htatious. ••>: l^f
•4-HWi- Murtinax. S».i lUuion. Vsllsjo,
N»|.». »'»li«''.»». Htila ll.'«» *tt<13*
•4i«»r U-ni.U. Wtnti-n. riacr»n.«r;to.
Wou.llanil, Knltfliti I.*.,.':.^.
M*ry»»lllc <)m»ii;e •l»»:*.1«
•ti»l>p Nllaii.Haii.liHwainlHtonkV.n •l«l»»
•3:U4»rThrt Owl Uaiitw'l— Tracy. Fimio.
l;.ik«T'<!i'-:.l. .iv;,-i» fur M»:ita Uax-
i-ara. Lo» An^slsa. •l«:l"»»
•,1:O»r StucktOQ M»:«3»
•JiO«f Sew Orleant Express— ItaisersrteUI.
Mania lUfkan, !,<¦• Angelea, I >- ¦-
i.ia. 1.1 Faao. Haw Orleans anil
KMt *7:l»«
•«:Ortp Ilaj wards, Nile* an.l fiati Ju»9 •7:l-'»i
? fi-.OOi- Vallejo •••ll»»
•U:U»r Oriental Mall— Og'leu, Cuejenne.
Omaha. Chicago 'latlSP
•«:OOp Oriental Mall— Osden, Denier.
Omaha. CUic*«r> ««il»»
•7:«O» Nileii. Tracj, L%throp. Stcsktoa # l3:13f
J7:O»ip Vallrj'i. furl Cuota anJ War .tt-
Uonn t» :3: *»
•8i»»r Oreicon auU Oa!!f<>r»U i:«i ¦>¦•!•-<. -«u-
nuH«nsn, M»r)*»in<\ Kh i iii.<,
I'nrUan.l. V'.j^i S.,,,,.,1 an.l I'.ni »<ti-T»
IO4SI' HI VISION (N«rr.».i (.nu^r).
(Foot i>f M.rkrt Street.)
| f:»l3* Ssntu. Cru Etcurs:«>'i lor !-ani»
trui ami i'rincipal Waj ttations J»:9-i»
I *Stl5* :; c iT.«ri<.r..|.e.. r»i: .-. >v..l..<-r I ¦¦¦•¦ :..
j:..ii'.i-rCr. ek.M: •.¦\.i.n;iin.t V.'.iv
Hull...,. •«.»»»
i tS'lSr Ne>uk, VmttmwvUt* Han Soar, New
: Aimailrri, Kelton, Itiml.lor (Ifrrt
' Cauta ('ri)i ami l'riudiial Via;
i 8Utlo-is •!•:.¦»!•»
I MilAp Newark. San. Inse. LnsOatos !»:•¦*'»»
i «l:l.1p Glenwood. Fe'.ton. Wait* fru «»:S<>»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frimSU faiSClSQ— tut, *' «»rk»t Slrot iSiij %) —
•7:15 D0O 11:00*.*. Ui3 •2:33 13 33
•i:C3 l!:03 *e : :3i-.u.
I fro:a i;»Il»?0- 'aal o" >i.j ;. .». — "fi.00 0.CO 10:nO«.M.
ti::C3 '1:23 w.zz ; 3::j h.:3 •;.::¦•.»¦.
COJLST DITtHIU.^ IBrewlUaof*).
t (Thirl mi A lumiMiiil St«.)
I 1«l:l«» Ocean View. Swill »»n Kr^mist.... t.. : :i«r
I fJ:OI>» Nan .io«e ami U'»y HtatluM (K«w •
Al.r*.l-n Wa<Tn«Klay«enly) 'liSor
i {7:30a Sumlay Eiciirel.)'} li Man Joae,
Hanta Cm.', l'aclfic ilinio ami
i I'riucipa.1. W»y stations JS:33»
i •I'Om N.i 1 1 .I.--. T**a rinos. "¦'. » Ct«a.
1'scilio Ur.»v». I 1 .-. . K«l>!ri. Sait
I.uls O1)U|..>, Si.rf. Lompoo anJ
Frinclral War«.."t'"» "lilOr
•IO:I»« San ,l..s» an.l Way Stations •••¦»«
•IhJUA M»ii.l..,,,.Loar.ato»«...l\Va»SU>ions f liS«f
flil."ir .Sun M«t«i, Umlnocxl. Menlu l't.i.
I'kIo Alto. .Sauta Clara, Han Ji*».
Tres Plnoa. *ant* Una, Saiiiia*.
MonterBj an.l Tacilie Gr.i»s tlO:.1«4
! ?»:»!»? "an .In*" anl \V»y . Stations •T:3«p
; HilSrSatiJnaaan.l Principal Way Stations •O:4S»
! (5: - j«roi'i Jose. Los Catos and Trincipal
Way Stations t»:0o»
•rstrtlir Sao J.»» an<l I'rlncipftl W»t SUtions fM39«
•rt::tt>r ?an Jose an.l Way Stations f»=«<»%
1 >lli4^p San Jose an.l Way Statii.nn »?:Sl>r
A for Mori. ing. I' ft»J Afternoon. ~
• D»;iT. t ttunday eicepted. I Suuday oulf.
b Saturday oa!y.
a Satxuday and Sund»* e Monday ooly.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSSSl
ISAH FRAHCiSCO AND NORTH PAC1HC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St>
SAX FHA^.'CISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3iJ. »:00. 11.-00 a. m. : 13:3^
«:30. 5:10. 8:C0 p. ra. Tfcur'Jays— ETxtra tii»
at 11:30 o. m. t-j.tur-.Saj a — Extca tri^a at l:iJ
and 11:30 d. m. "j>
BUNDAV&-3:00. ?:30, 11:00 a. m..- 1:33. 3:33.
e:0O. 6:X) n. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SA>? FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:23. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43^
3:40, B:13 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:98 and B:35 n. m.
BUNDAYS-8:I0. J:43. 11:10 a. in.; 1:». 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
< Between S.an Francisco ar.d Schuetien ParK
j game scheJule as above.
Leave J In Effect. Arrivo
Pan Francisco. [Apr. 15, 1300. San FVariclscaw
j Week J Fun- J I Sun- I Weelc
! Days, f days, f Destination] days. | Days.
T:30 am! 8:Ot3 am! Xovato. 10:40 ami S:40 an»
8:30 pm 9:»'> am Petaluma. »:0.' pnj;:0::5 am
t:l) pm| 5:00 prr.l Santa Flraa. 7:33 pm; 8.10 pm
" ¦ Fulton.
1:ZQ am Windsor. 13. 2Z %rr%
Hewld^burg.
Lyttcn.
Ceyserville.
8:S0pm 8:C0am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm »:5)pn
7:30 ami I Xlopland I |1»:IS a:-\
»:30pm| 8:00 am! and Ulclah. | 7:J3 pm! «::o pra
7:30 am 110:23 asx
8:00 am Guersevllle. 7:33 ptnf
t:?0rm I 6:^ pra
7:33 ami 8 :G0 ami Sonnma 3:15 am' S:«0 ara
and
| 8:13 pm) S:CO pm, Olen Ellen. «:fij rm! S:20 pn
I 7:20 am] 8:00 ami IW:40 »m!H-3 an*
I 1:30 pn| E:CO pm| Sefcastepol. | 7:35 pm| 6:10 prrx
Etafces connect at Santa Rcsa for Marie West
Bprinjrs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fultoa
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lyttcn Springs: at
Geyservllle for SkafES Spr'.r.n: at CIov«rdal«
for the rjeysera: at Hoplan<l for Duneaii
I Pprlasrs. Highland Pprln»ts. K»lseyvl!le. Carls—
! bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lckeport and Bartlett
i fiprlnns; *t I-*klah fcr VIehy Sprinim. Samtosx
Pprlngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Del! Lake. Wlttef
[ eprln^s. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Tllverslde. Li»r-l-y*s. Bucknell's.
j Banhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. 017*8 Hot,
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brag?. West-
port. I'gal. Wllllta, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Ecll's Springs, Harris. Oisen's. Dyer, SvXtl*
and Cureka.
Saturday to Monday rounl tr'.o tlckats at
i reduced rates.
On Sunday round tHp tickets ta all point*
! bevond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket nffir*-. SSO Market it.. C?tror!>!» bide.
I B. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAX.
I I General llanarer. Gen. T*ass. Afent.
SANTA FE ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET-STREET FERRT.
LesmT: Orerland: Dally for Chlca- ArrlTt:
(TO. Kacfas City. Denver
aad all Eastern points.
KI Paso. City of :.:-<-
too. Preneott and Phoe-
nix. Ariz.. Bakersfleld.
• a. ra. Vlsalla. Tulare. Han- J >. a.
ford, Fresno, Merced.
Stockton, Antlach. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
ers to. Chloa<j. I 'ijur.ii
car between Stocktoa
and BakersReld.
Stockton Local: For Sanj
4.10 p.m. Pablo, Pinole. Mulr. Hay -11:35 a. tat.
Point. Cornwall. Anti-1
och and Stockton. *
Bakeriifleld Lccal: For San
Pablo. Pinole. Muir. Bay
Point. Cornwall. Antl-
S p. m. och. Storkton. Merced. a a. IB.
Fresno. lianford. Vlaa-
11a. Tulare and Bakers-
fleld. Sleepers to Fre.-'nai
and Bafcersflald. I
TICKET OFFICES: KS Market st.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market St.. San Francisco.
111S Broadway. Oakland.
Weekly"Cal^$r.^O per Year
OCEAN TKAVEI*.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i. Steamers leave Proadv.ay
te^ wharf, Pan Francisco:
EjSw.^ For Alaskan Ports— 11
iS^^Stex. " T1 - September ?.. S. 13. !v 2&
f'^*K^y v S& - s - ° Pt - *• Change to Ci n,-
r-*\»5"\*?*a pany's rtenmers at Seattle.
bf^5S|i( \ttn For \'i< t«*rtrt. Vancouver
£gf»S3<35i! (B. <'.). E'ort Tnwn«end. S<-
r^^^giWjl attle. Tarnnin. Everett. An-i-
cortes nnd New Whatcom
""• (Wash.) — 11 n. m.. S^pfmber
S. 8, 13. IS. 23. 2S. Oct. 3. an.l every firth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska nnd G. X. R'y: at
Seattle or Taccma to N. P. R'y: at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humholrit nay— ,2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 5. 10. 15. 20. 25, 30, Oct. 5. am 1 , every
fifth day thereafter.
Fcr Santa Cruz. Monterey. ?in Simeon. Cayu-
eos. Port Harford (San Lviis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro.
East Sar% Pedro (Los An£jel»s) atid Newport— 9
a. tn..- September 4. «. 12. 1«. 20. 24. 2S. Oct. 2.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dieso. stepping enly at Port Har-
ford, (San Luis Obi«po), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11
a. m.. S»ptember 2. 6. 10. 14. IS, 22. 25. 30. Oct.
4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenadn. Maedaler.a P-ay. Pan Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Ouaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th cf
each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the rleht to change
steamers, rallin? dates and hour* ot sailing
without previous notice.
TICKFJT OPFICE-4 New Mcrtsromery
street fFalnee Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Oen. Asents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. nn,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp*ar-!«tri»et 'Wharf at 11 A. M.
PARC $l2 F |rst Class Including Berth I
iMflL $8 Second Class ind A^eals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
August 31. Sept. 10. ?O. 31
COLUMBIA sails Per>t. 5. 13. 13. Oct. S
Phort llr.e to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte, !
Helena and all point? In the Northwest.
Throurh tickets to all points Kast.
E. C. WARD. General Asent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., ;
Surcrlntendents.
TOYO KISEN KAMA. !
STEAMERS TTir.L LEAVE WHARF, COF.-
ner First and Erannan streets, at 1 p. m.. |
for TOKOHAMA and HOXGKONO. caillngr at
Kobe (HIoko). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and ]
connecting at Hongkong; with steamer*: for In- I
dla. etc. No carto received on board en day ¦
of salllrr.
SS. NIPPON MARTT
! Saturday. FfDtember 22 l!»nn
RS. AMERICA MART.'.. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1V0
SS. HONGKONG MARL*.. ..Tues., Nov. 13, 1JC0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trio tickets at r^luced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Arent.
AMERICAN LINH.
irs*jr tors. sotrrnHPTO*. London, parii
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbounc!.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis..- Sept. 12!St. Louis Oct. 9
New York Sept. W New Yc rk Oct. 1'>
St. Paul Sept. 26l£t. Paul Oct. 17
RED STAR LINE.
Now York and Antwero.
From New York Kvery ¦Wednesday. 12 noon.
TYesternland ...Sept. 12|Fr!esIaml Oct. 3 !
Kensington ....Sept. W| Southward O~t. 10 I
Noordland Sept. 25 Westernland Oct. 17
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
SOMPAGNIE GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAr.IS. -v>^ ;
SallinK every Thursday, instead of <53TljV
Saturday, from November 2. 1S03. at ¦*o**^>lHa«
10 a. Tn.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. L'AQTTITAINE. Sept. 6; LA
BRETAGNE. Sept. Bj LA LORRAINE. Sept.
20; LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept T!. First class to
Havre. $S2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre, %j* and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
VN1TED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson buildlnsr>. New York. J. F. FL'GAZI
& CO., Pacific Const Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOLUlU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New
Zealand nnd Australia Wed.. Sept. 5. 8 p. m.
S. S AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, Sept 1?. 2 v. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. S43 Market SL
Pier 7. Foot Pac'Pc St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
~FOR U, rrilAYYYARD AND YAlLEwT
Steamer "Montlcello."*
[MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 3:43
a. m., 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:20: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street I>ock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1008.
FARE SOc
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND 3AN P.AFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:C0. »8:Sfc 9:30. 11:09 a. m.;
12-4S, *l:fi. 3:15, 4:1.'». *;:ir>, 6:13. S:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. 'Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. *8:00. -3:C0. '10:00. 11:00, 11:31
a. m.: 12:45, *l:20, 2:30, '3:4;. 5:00, 6:00. 7:20
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:33. 'firSO. 7:.".0, 8:40, »10:13 a.
m.: 12:30. IrtS. 2:13. »3:;0. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Moidnj-s. AN'ednesdaya
and Saturdays at »»:43 ond 10:M p. n-.
SUNDAYS— 6:13. *S:00. *&:*A »ll:0O a. m. : »12:00
m.; l:l"0, M3, *3:3(>. 4:00, *iAZ, 6:43, 7:30, 1O:W
p. m
Trains marked ••> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN' FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:G3, 6:45. S:')0. 8:55, 10:30 a.
m.: 12:33. 1:45, 2:43, 3:30. 4:50, 3:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
an'I Saturdays at 7:10 nnd 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2.". 8:0T.. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: 12:15.
l-»0 2-20, 3:45: 4:a",. 6:1.-.. 7:03. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:4% d. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m.. 1:43 and 5:1» p. m
SUNDAYS.. .8. ». 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 1:30 p. ml
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN"
TICKET OFFICES «21 MARKET ST..
SAUSALITOFERRY.
§Dr.jGrifobon > s Dispensary,
? 5 ??J? EAB5r *'*' r - EitaolIshPd
In 1884 tor the trantnnentol Private
Diseases. Lost Mnnho. xi Debility or
I dlseaae^earlDR on bodyand miiui and
I akin Dlteuaea. I'ne doctor careawheu
; ntners falL Try him, Cnnricc* tovr
ICnp«Mcnmr»nt**vi. Calloxwrlte.
Dr. J. *•. UIBBO!(, B4>x 1957, Saa Ftaacl»co
(Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1351 Post street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
WELBON— In this city, September 1, 1900,
Mary, beloved wife of W. J. Welbon. and
mother of Mrs. Orrin Bailey, a native of New
York, aged 71 years 7 months and 2S days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WAKEFIELI>-In this city, August' SO, l%0,
Lucind Wakefield, beloved mother of E. L.
Ireland of San Francisco nnd Mrs. Alice
Sproul of Republic. Wash., a nati\-e of In-
diana, aeed 67 years 2 months and 20 days.
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 242.". Mission ftreet, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by car-
riare.
WARREN— In this city, September 2, 1900. Wil-
liam; belovpd husband of Catherine Warren,
father of May anil Josie Warren, and broth-
er of John and Richard 'Warren, a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 44 years.
BIRTHS — MABBIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and resltlt-r.ee cf per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOSN.
SCIIIVO— In this city. August 26, 19C0, to the
wife of Antone Schivo, a son.
TA-i LOR— In this city. August 20. 1300, to the
•wife of Occrtit- II. Taylor, a fan.
MARRIED.
COWELI^-lIEnm U.-ln this city. September
1. 1SUO, by the Rev. S. D. iiutsinpiller, J. Eu-
Rene Cowell r.f Oakland, Cal., und Miss Lil-
lian Merrill of llcno. Xev.
DELL— HENRY— In this,- city, August 29, 1500.
Mt the Church of the Advent, by the Rev.
Herbert Parrisli, rector. Kdward 1'. Dell and
Florence Isabella Henry, both df San Fran-
ci-eo.
DIED.
Bowen] Florence Morgan, Mary
Coefleld, Sarah Mullo-n, John C.
Coy. Mrs. Delia I'erry. Sarah
Fonte, Maria Power?, Thomas
Fluhart. Wayland E. Phlppa. Georco J.
Gllroj*, Mary 10. Quintan, Annie
(ierlach, Frtedrlch Koedc-r, Charles C
ll''ftnian. Marcella Sln«er. "Will H.
Ktlley, Simon t^-unlim. Mary
Lar.jni.iiin. J. C. Willard. Emelle
Mont^'Jii'.'-ii. Mar- Welbon, Mary
K. Wakefield, Lucind i
llimbella. Carrr.elo Warren, William j
BOWEN— In Oakla:il. September 2. 1900. Flor- j
f-nce llov.-en. mcthcr of Lizzie IJowen. and sis-
ter of Mr*. C M. Johnson, a native of Vlr-
fcinla, anetl Z'J years.
COEF1EX.D— In this city. September 1, l%0, i
Barah, beloved wife ot John Coetleld (nee Me- !
l'artland). lind sister ot Mrs. T. F. Coyne. I
Mrs. Reta Urnbunt. and Mrs. J. HoffesH~. a |
native of Virginia. <;ounty Cavan, Ireland, j
aeed 27 years a months and 23 days.
{n^Frit-nOs aad acquaintances are respect- |
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors of ;
the United Undertakers. 27 ami 2J Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church. WhMT j
a requiem high ina^s v/ill be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at y o'clock. Interment ]
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COT— In this city, August 31. 1900, Mrs. Delia j
Coy, beloved mother of Mrs. J. I*. Smith.
Mrs. A. Morcan, Mrs. Dr. Walsh and Frank
AVhelon, a native of County Cavan, Ireland, (
aged 55 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral this Uliin-
day) morning, from her latu residence, M7 I
Geary ttreet. thence to Ht. Mary's Cathedral.
Van Net's avenue, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for th<.- rei;ose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter- ¦
inont Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Fv>NTE— In Oakland. August 31. 1300. Maria, I
beloved daushter of Antonio and Rose Fonte. ]
and sister of Joseph T. Fonte and Mrs Wil- i
liam J. McHuKh, a native of Oakland, aged i
' iv jears.
5C7"Frlends Rre respectfully invited to at- |
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 9:4".
o'clock, from her late residence, 1114 East
!5ixte?nth avenue, thence to St. Anthony's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the rf-Dose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary'B
Cemetery, Oakland.
FLUHART— In Mare Island, Wayland Edward
Fluhart. chief yeoman of the battleship Ore-
gon, beloved son of James H. and Margaret
Fluhart. and nephew of Mrs. Stfl'ien Sturscer
and Mrs. H H. Luse of H>in Francisco and
Mr?. W. R. Collins of Fruit vale, a native of
Ohio, aged 32 rears S ninths and 25 days.
trjrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atteml the funeral this 'lay
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of th- GoMen Gate I'ndertaklnK Com-
pany. 2425 Mission street, between Twentieth
and" Twenty-first. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
i G1LTIOY— In this city. September 1. 1900, Mary
Ella beloved wife cf James Qilroy, and sis-
t?r of Mrs. W. G. Wilson, a native <f New
York, aireii ."3 years 6 months and 24 days.
trTTricruls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at m o'clock, from the mortuary
chai.el of th" Golden Oate I'ndertakinf? Com*
T'li'iy. 2425 Mission stroet. near Twenty-first.
| Interment Cyprtss Lawn Cemetery by car-
| riaire.
I gfkhoh— in this city, September 2. isoo,
Prledricb Gerlach; beloved father of Mr?. R.
1 Behaexleln, R.nJ t-randfather of Robert F.
¦ i=cliaezleln. a native vi Germany, aged .9
I yenr* (Hoston. Mass.. papers please etipy.)
" C-7Fui.eial st-rv ices will be held to-morrow
(Tuesday), at M O'clock, at the residence of
L'a daughter, Mrs. R- 2928 Oay
ttreet. near Brodericfc Interment private.
HOFFMAN (no* Lawless)— In this city, August
31 13C"! Marcella; iwloved wife of Max iloff-
man. c:auKhter of Mrs. 15. Lawless, and sister
of Mrs. ManekH, Mrs. Stlmmrl and Juseph
Lawless, a native of S.in Francisco.
(C7"FYien<Js and acquaintances are refpect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), fr.-.m the parli-rs of J. <:. O'Connor
& Co.. H' Mission street, at 1:30 o'clock,
thence to St. I'ntrick's Church for seivlc.es.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KELLKY-In this, city. September 2. 1900. Si-
mon, beloved husband of Marearrt Kelley.
and brother of C. B. Kelley. a native of Xew
York, agcl 75 years.
C3*Tlie funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesdav), at t:M o'clock, from his late resi-
dence £07 1-arkin street, Struthmore House,
thence to Pt. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
ciulem hich ma«s \vlll be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul at 10 o'clwk.
LANDMANN— In this city, September 2. 1500.
I J. C. Landmann. husband of the late Marlon
Lanumann, father of Carl F.. Alexander H.
I and AUiEUsta landmann. nnd stepfather of
Marlon Young and Mrs. H. \\\ Guthrle, a na-
tive of Uerlin. Germany, aged 87 years.
I MONTGOMERY— Fell aslt-pp in Jesus in this
i city, September 1. 100O. Margaret K.. belovcJ
! wile ot Charles Montcomery, ainl motli^r Ot ;
i Charles G.. George T.. William T. and Mar-
c;ar"t K. Montgomery, a native of Ccunty
Kildare. Irtlnnii. ac;cd 54 years.
E7Fun»ral i>er\-ices as follows: Privatf;
service for relatives only before leaving for
cemetery. Public funeral seTVlce, to which
i all frltnds are Invited. Will be conducted at
the grave In Laurel Hill Cemetery, near
Bush-street entrance. this day (Monday),
at 2:30 o'clock, by Mr. John Bennett Ander-
son, evangelist. Irom London.
I MIRABELLA—In the City and County IIospl-
i tal. September 2. lf*0ft. Carmelo Mlrabella, a
I native of Ita'y. agrcd 67 years.
¦ UOROAN-In this city. September 2. 1900. Mary
Morgan, beloved wife of William C. Morgan,
j a native of New York, aced 41 years.
tT7"Friends anl acnuaintancos are respect-
fully Invited to attend The funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday I, nt 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, S4U Vallejo street, between Powell an-J
; Mason. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
: Idl'LLEX-In this city; September 1. 1900. John
I C. Mullen, dearly beloved husband of I»ulsa
Mullen, father nf Annie. John and Bessie
Mullen. Mil oT lvlwar.1 and the late llimou
Mullen, and brother of Thomna H. Mullen,
a native o£ California, act'd 33 >ears and 5
months.
PKItRY— In this city. September 1. 1500. Sarah
Perry, boloved wife of James Perry, a native
of Knzlaijd. agfl 5S years 2 months and 11
duys.
'¦ (TVFriend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Jame« Jliigan, 44.1 Valencia street, interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
; POWERS— In this city. September 1, 1500.
at th<* parents' re?l<1ence, 47% Rltch street,
I Thomas, beloved s«n of Thomas and Mary
Ann Powers, a native of San Francisco, ageO
! C months e.nJ 21 days.
j PHU'l'S— In Oakland, September 2, 100, at 13H
Eighth street, George J. Phipps, beloved
father of A. G. Phipps, locomotive engineer.
I S. P. (*3-. a native of England, aged &3 years
i 0 months anil G tlajf.
! QCINLAN— In Oakland. September 1. 1?00, An-
nl«. beloved wife of James Qulnlan, and be-
loved slsttr of the late Catherine Lambert, a
native of County Tyrone, Ireland, need 5!)
! years.
B3 r Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
resldf'nct.-, 1420 Eleventh street. th;nce to St.
Patrick's, Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose or her soul,
commencing at D o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
ROEDi:n-In Oakland. September 1, 1800,
I Charles C. beloved husband of Minnie Roed-
rr. an<l father of Charles. Harry. Martha and
CJeorse Koeder, a native of Germany, ased
44 years 3 months anil 22 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintance* are respec.;-
| fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
I (Monday)-, at 2 o'clock, from Alcntraz Hall.
I on I'c-rulta fctrcet, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment Mountain Ylew Cemetery,
Oakland.
SINGKR-In this city, September l, IMO, Will
H., beloved son of Clara A. and William
Kinder Jr.. h native of Marysville. Cal., aged
;.'i y<->irK and 1 »nonth.
C^The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
I r.f his parents, 1136 Post street. Interment
private.
SCANLAN— In this city, September 1. 1.TO0.
Mary, beloved wife of Michael Scanlau,
mother of Mr. Oilllnane, and sister of Mrs.
Charl** C. O'Malley, a native of Six-mile
' IJrMce, County Clare. Ireland, nsed 6S years.
tC7Frlenfls and aciiualntanc.es are respect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral this day
(Monday), at Ss:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 11') Perry Ftreet. thence to St. Rose's*
Church for services at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crots Cernetery-
I WILLATtD— In tills city. September 1. 1900,
Kmelio. beloved mother of Nathan and Joseph
M. Willard, Mr?. Aaron Cohn. Mrs. Xathan
Cohn and Mrs. IT. M. Bloch. a native of Al-
Kace. aired 7.1 year? 8 months and 4 days.
tn?"Friendp and acquaintances are respect-
fully fnvited to atend the funeral this day
lit.NRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
<Succ»escrn to Flannacan & Gallagher*.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Msr.
fTXEnAL DIKECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
JO Fifth *t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone Kouth SO.
I/V\cf\\SO~Y <Ss CO..- I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
1239 Market st. between 8th and &th. I
Telephone South 247. |THREE OF CALIFORNIA'S
STURDY SONS WHO ARE
ASSISTING IN PREPARING
FOR THE CELEBRATION
OF HER ADMISSION.
School Contract Let.
BERKELEY. Sept. 2— The contract for
building the Haste-street nchool has been
let to H. G. Richey for $3530. This will be
the first of several school buildings to be
constructed here.
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Cecorcmended bjr physicians. TVat^r aj trays
dean and warm. Tub department best Id city.*
Abbott's Dive to Be Closed.
Chief Sullivan paid a visit to the "ten
derloin" Saturday night and among other
places visited Billy Abbott's dive at 416
Dupont street. Abbott begged the Chief
to use his influence to get his license re
newed for another quarter at least to give
him a. chance to make some money before
retiring from the business, but the Chief
assured him that no renewal would be
granted, as the public opinion so demand
ed. The Chief said yesterday that the
licenses of none of the saloons in that
neighborhood would bo renewed, as the
places were all a disgrace to the city.
The dental department has for the last
ten years- been located on the corner of
Market and Taylor streets, where the In
firmary will still be maintained for the
present, as a large part of the instruction
to dental students is given by means <>f
practical work for actual patients. The
lectures will henceforth be given in th«>
new building. - The histologlcal. chemical
and Metallurgical laboratories have also
been moved to the same place, which is
large tind commodious, and where facili
ties will be much greater than ever be
fore.
The nineteenth session of the dental
department of me University of Califor
nia will be held in the new building pro
vided by the State on Parnassus avenue,
south of Golden Gate Park. This Is one
of the group known as the Affiliated Col
lege buildings.
The session will be opened with a lecture
by President Wheeler at 3 o'clock this
afternotin.
Dental College Moves.
WATCH AND CHAIN IS
STOLEN IN DANCE HALL
Stranger in Town Reports His Loss
to the California-Street Po
lice Station.
Charles Barnann, a resident of Brent
wood, complained to the poliqe at the
California-street station last night that
he had been robbed of a valuable wat ch
and chain in a dance hall at the correV -if
Kearny and Jackson streets corn " of
, Ac i^rding to Barnann's story h*» *n
tered the dance hall and wasaccost-d hi
man who pretended to be drunk X a
this person left him he felt for his ££ *£
and chain and found them mfssimr Th h
goHce tave no clew as to SggS ffljj
There have been such dissensions In both
the old parties' conventions that it seems
as if the voters intend to send Dr C C
O'Donnell to Congress from the Fourth*
Remember the restriction act Is about to
expire and that the doctor will be a dow
erful man in the House on that issue ?
ALL preparations for the celebration of Labor day have been com
pleted and if the programme coes through without a hitch this year's
day will be the most memorable of Us kind.
The principal celebration will be held in Central Park, which has
been especially fitted up to furnish fun for the multitude. Carpenters have
been at work for a week on the gravity railroad, the dancing lloors, the au
ditorium and the tug-of-war platform. All will be brought into use from
30 o'clock in the morning on, nor will the park close until after midnight.
1 The tugs of war will be the features of the games. There -will be teams
from the carpenters, brewery workmen, cement workers and the sailors.
These teams will hold a tournament and then a special pull will be given
between a team from the fjerrickmen's and Engineers' Union and one from
any other union net in the regular tournament. Following the tugs of war
there will be races of all kinds and for everybody, hose coupling contests,
jig and reel dancing, a parade of babies for a beauty prize and a parade of
the ladles entered for the award to the prettiest.
At 2 o'clock the literary exercises in the auditorium will commence.
There Trill be an opening address by P. H. McCarthy, president of the day;
addresses by Andrew Furuseth, Arthur R. Andre, John R. McDougald, O. A.
Tveitmce and John C. Dernell. Then will follow a programme of instru
mental and vocal music, fancy dancing and specialties.
In the evening and during the latter part of the afternoon there will be
dancing for all in the gallery of the pavilion. There will be no parade, it
having been decided to hold the whole official celebration in the Central
Park grounds. The cup offered for the union making the best showing will
be awarded this year, but it has not yet been decided upon just what fea
ture the Judging will be made, ho cup, if won for threo consecutive
years, will become the property of the union winning it, and until it has
been so won It will be awarded every year on Labor day.
The committees in charge of the celebration are:
General Committee— P. H. McCarthy, president, Building Trades Council; Alex
Dijeau, Kecrctary, San Francisco Labor Council: John E. McDougald treasurer
Buildlncr Trades Council; John Xusent, San Frar.olsco Labor Council" T If Brady
Buildlr.s Trades Council: AV. II. Go!T. San Francisco Labor Council-' O A Tvcit
moe. Building Trades Council; August Iten. San Frar.clsco Labor Council; P. Han
non. Building Trades Council; F. Barnett. San Francisco Labor Council': W. Mc-
Gowan. Euildinc Trades Council: P. J. Dietz. San Francisco Labor Council; H. Cas-
Kaday. Bulldlnsr Trades Council; J. K. Phillies. San Francisco Labor Council- J
Smallbonr. Euildint Trades Council; P. Smith. San Francisco Labor Council.
Floor Committee— Floor manager. J. Gorf: assistant manager W W Reed- V J
Donovan. E. McDonald. R. G. Alexander. J. Shea. G. Collopv J Spargo \v ' O
Colbert, E. A. Wheeler." C. H. Stocks, E. L. Xolan.
Reception Committee— August Iten (chairman), T. H. Brady F Barnett A Dijeau
P. H. McCarthy, J. K. ! Phillips, P. J. Dietz. ' J '
Finance Committee-John Nugent (chairman). W. Goff, T. H. Brady O A
Tveitmoe. ... ...
Committee on Printing and Official Programme— O. A Tvcitmoa {chairman 1 * W
Goff. J. Smallbone. J. K. Phillips. John E. McDou-ald T^" mO ° CIlaIrman >' «\
Committee on Games-W. Gort (chairman). P. j. Dietz, P. Hannon. F. Barnett.
P Smith. W. McGowan; F. P. Barnett. Pavers' Union, chairman of gate
:rlzc committee. ,;¦;';¦
Committee of Arrangement, and Grounds-A. Dijeau (chairman), P. H. McCarthy,
Av«'jFt Iten, T. II. Brady. •
Committee on Talent-T. H. Brady (chairman), A. Dijeau. H Cassady W Me-
Cowan.
The celebration of Labor day will not. however, be confined to the labor
unions. It will-be a legal holiday and full advantage will be taken of it
A ready many have gone out of town fishing or hunting or other^
wise enjoying themselves. There will also be half a dozen bie denies and
half a hundred more smaller ones. The public picnics are nTost y churcS
affairs, no less than four of the Catholic parishes of the city having de
cided to spend the day In the open air and away from the citv St Rose's
Parish and Sunday school will go to Shell Mound, where it will spend 'the day.
»L B f *\ Pa f lsh , win ,*° to El Campo. the first boat leaving at 9 o'clock
and' the last returning from El Campo at 6. St Teresa's Parish will trr. t n
Mlraoel Park. St Patrick's Parish will go to-BrtSSSi^SS?. iiir'sa'S
2. t « ' 5° n l f ° r « th ? re leaVin& at 9 and the last returning at half
«?f«£.« 2 V T P !° nC ? elaborate Preparations have been made for
the accommodation and entertainment of the guests' and there will be no
chance of anything but the best of times.
GREAT PREPARATIONS
MADE FOR LABOR DAY
Joseph Dean, charged with grand lar
ceny, has informed Chief of Police Sul
livan that he was forced to give up $2 50
to a policeman who had been instructed
to take him to the Hibrrnla Bank for
the purpose <;f allowing him to draw some
money which he had on deposit. The po
liceman, after taking: him to the bank, de
manded his "fee" and when Dean object
ed he threatened to use his influence to
have him pent to San Queniin. Thinking
he would not hesitate to have him "rail
roaded" to the penitentiary. Dean pave
him the amount he demanded.
Last Thursday morning Dean and a
•woman who Is known as Magerie O'Dea
were arrested for srrand larceny. It is
alleged that they robbed a bartender of
a jfoW watch and chain and $63 in gold.
After being locked up In the City Prison
Dean was visited by a Police Court prac
titioner named Clover, who, he claims,
represented that he had a "pull" with
Judge Kritz, before whom the case was
f» be tried.
Dean engaged him to defnd himself and
th« woman in the Police Court. When
The cases were called Glover asked for a
continuance until Wednesday, which was
granted. He then asked the court to al
low a. policeman to take Dean to the HI
b*rnia Bank, where he had on deposit
?208. The rest of the story, as told by
Dean, is as follows:
"While standing in the courtroom I
•was tapped on the shoulder by a police
officer, who told me he would accompany
me to the bank. After leaving the City
Hail he took off his star and pinned It to
his vest. We walked to the bank, and
nfter I had drawn my money he demand
*A 12 GO. I at first objected to Rivlnp him
any money, but as he threatened to use
his Influence to have Judge Fritz hold me
to answer I rave him the amount lie
iisked for. When I returned to the Cen
tral station iilover. the attorney, was
wmltlBS for me. and I gave him $00. The
policeman then took me to the City
Prison, after advising me not to say any.
thinp about the bribe under penalty, of
spending a lonu term In sSan Quentin."
Dean yesterday told his story to Chief
of Police Sullivan, and to-day an effort
will be made to establish the identity of
th«> policeman who forced him to part
with a portion of his money.
Claims the Bluecoat Threatened to
Send Him to San Quentin Un
less He Gave Him
Money.
Joseph Dean Declares He
Was Blackmailed by
a "Copper/'
SAYS A POLICE
OFFICER FORCED
HIM TO GIVE UP
Albert Lukes Plunges the Blade, of
a Pocket-Xnife Into His Ab
domen and Makes
His Escape.
While protecting his crippled brother
D. Harney, aged IS years, living at 1107
Mason street, was stabbed., in the abdomen
last night by AJberf— Lukes, his next-door
neighbor.
Harney's brother and Lukes engaged In
a fight, and as the former was getting the
worst of it Hiirney, who witnessed the
trouble from a window of his home, rush
ed to the rescue. He grabbed Lukes and
attempted to induce him to go home, when
the latter suddenly pulled out a pocket
knife and plunged the blade into his vic
tim's abdomen. Harney fell to the ground,
while his assailant, evidently thinking
that he was fatally wounded, took to his
he«-lp. l.'p to a late hour last night he had
not been arrested.
The wounded boy was carried to the of
fice of Dr. Greene, a short distance away,
where ai examination disclosed that the
knife had penetrated the abdominal cav
ity for a depth of about y*o inches, mak
ing a serious wound. After he was treat
ed by Dr. Greene the boy was removed to
St. Mary's Hospital by his parents.
Accoruing to the siory of the wounded
boy. Lukes has been in the habit of an
noying the crippled brother, and despite
his protestations he continued to abuse
and maltreat him whenever he met him
l^ast night young Varney was playing in
trout of his home, when Lukes, after call
ing him several vile names, started to
abuse him. Hearing his brother's cries
for help, the elder Harney boy rushed to
his assistance and ordered Lukes to de
sist. As the latter seemed determined to
"do up" the helpless cripple. Harney
seized him by the arm and threatened to
chastise him unless he went home. As
he promised to do so Harney released
him, and almost instantly Lukes drew
his pocket-knife and drove the blade into
Harney's bedy.
Although the condition of the boy l«s
considered extremely dangerous by the
doctors at the hospital, they have hopes
ot saving h!s life.
D. Harney GoestoAssistance
of His Relative and Is
Wounded.
STABBED WHILE
PROTECTING HIS
MAIMED BROTHER
William Warren, an employe ¦ of tho
Empire Maltho.use and. residing at 935',2
Howard street, was struck and killed by
car No. 1174 of the Mission and Kearny
street line at Broadway and Kearny
street last evening. The unfortunate
man attempted to board the car by
clutching one of the forward braces. He
lost his balance and fell across the track.
His left arm. and right foot were almost
severed from his body and his skull was
fractured.
Warren was returning from his day's
labor and secured a transfer at the poini
where the accident happened from the
Third-street cars to Hie Mission cars
When the car for the latter line came up
from the ferry he attempted to board it
but went under the wheels. Thomas j'
Kennedy of 3273 Nineteenth street wai
with him at the time. Officers Arthur
Fowle and Special Daggett picked up tht
unconscious man and conveyed him to
the Harbor Receiving Hospital, but his
life went out just as he was laid on the
operating table.
Warren was about 30 years of age and
leaves a wife and three children.
The motormon of the car, K. J. Cassady
was taken to the Central Police Station'
and formally charged with manslaughter
He immediately procured bail and was re
leased.
Employe of Malthouse Grasped For
ward Brace of the Vehicle and
"Went Under, the
Wheels.
William Warren Loses His
Life at Kearny and
Broadway.
FELL ON CAR
TRACK AND WAS
BADLY MANGLED
and jump into the air. The revolver had
been pointed downward, and he soon dis
covered that he was shot. The bullet had
struck his thigh, and, glancing downward,
lodged in the calf of his leg.
The Southern police station was notified,
and Lynch waa taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where his wounds were attend
ed to. It will be some time before he
will be able to walk properly again. He
had a narrow escape from a more serious
wound.
A number of recruits arrived at the
Presidio yesterday and were sent to
Major Potter at the Post Hospital tor
examination as to their fitness for toldler
life. Private Temple B. Snow was de
tailed to guide the "rookies" to the hos
pital in, order that they might not lose
themselves in the grounds, as sometlmea
happens.
Private Snow performed his duties in a
soldierly manner, and treated the pros
pective "Chino killers" in such a pleasant
manner that his suggestion i that they
leave their valuables with him, while
undergoing the examination was received
with thanks.
Two gold watches and about $70 were
handed over to the obliging Snow, and
the prospective warriors stripped to the
buff and went before the doctor without
any misgivings as to the safety of their
money and timepieces.
When the men had donned their gar
ments they thought nothing of Snow's
failure to appear, presuming that he was
awaiting them outside. Everything
favored the wily schemer, and In conse
quence, he was enabled to get away.
After waiting for some time for the
return of Snow the men thought they
would better go up to headquarters, still
unconscious of the fact that they had
been "done." An efrort was made to
tind the thief, but he had had such a good
start that no trace of him could be found
Thirty-one patients were sent yesterday
rrom the General Hospital to Washington
D. C. They were all surgical cases that
would not be benefited by further treat
ment, and as the hospital is greatly
crowded >ney were transferred to the
Soldiers' Home in Washington.
The pleasant weather at the Presidio
yesterday gave a large number of patients
an opportunity to enjoy an outing Thev
were scattered all over the grounds, and
regaled their friends with stories of their
experiences in return for the fruits and
flowers. Not the least uninteresting were
the heroes of the battle of Tientsin
Wherever there was a soldier wearng
a cap with a device showing him to be a
Ninth Infantryman there was sure to be
a large crowd, listening to tales of the
bloody battle at Tientsin.
Soldiers of the Ninth Infantry Sux-
rounded by Crowds Anxious to
Hear the Bloody Story
of Tientsin.
SOLDIER ROBS
HIS COMRADES
AND DECAMPS
Recruits Relieved of Their
Valuables by Private
Snow.
Theodore Lynch in His Excited Con
dition Pulls the Trigger of
His Revolver.
Theodore I^ynch. a newspaper man liv
ing pt 6."S Folaom street, was awakened
from his slumber about 3 o'clock yester
day morning by a noise that resembled
some one attempting to force open the
window of his bedroom. The more he
listened the stronger became his convic
tion that he was soon to be confronted by
a burglar.
Lynch had a revolver on top of tho bu
reau, and slipping out of bed. lie seized It
and .stood waiting for developments. They
came !n an unexpected manner. In his
nervousness he pulled the trigger, and
the- explosion made him yell with fright
SHOT HIMSELF WHILE
WAITING FOR A BURGLAR
tatlons to visit its headquarters in rooms
4, 5 nnd 6 and the ladies' parlor of the
California Hotel.
The general celebration committee of
Fresno Parlor has issued Invitations to
view the fruit exhibit it will have in the
Lick House, which is to be opened on
next Friday evening. The parlor will hold
a reception there each day until Tuesday,
the 11th inst.
Troop A Cavalry, Second Brigade, which
is to take part in the parade on Monday
next, was originally the first military or
ganization of San Francisco. It was or
ganized as the First California Guard
June 27, 1S50. before the admission of Cal
ifornia as a State. The name of the or
ganization was subsequently changed to
The Light Battery and when there was a
mustering out of the artillery regiment a
few years ago the members of The Light
Battery organized as Troop A.
A detachment of United States troops
has been ordered by General Shafter to
take part in the parade.
The troop and two companies of infan
try at Sacramento will not come to this
city, but in their stead there will be Na
tional Guardsmen from Fresno.
(TZ JUtlCEL M. THOMSON', for twenty
i=^\ one yrp.rs a member of the police
dz-^/ department ' ; »-d for over sixteen
yean th<> recognised head of the
mounted park patrol, has been shorn of
authority. Sergeant of Police Clarence
»'ooj;:'.n has been appointed by Chief of
Police Sullivan to puporeede Thomson and
<~n foot has undertaken to preserve order
:.r.<l prevent accident* In the city's great
pleasure place. Policeman Thomson, who
Lap for years been known as "Captain"
Tiir.msfn. probably owing to the dopart-
TTjerifs knowledge of his skill as a. horse
man, has been detailed to patrol the south
<irive from the entrance of the park to
the beach, a frequented stretch of road
covering several miles. Thomson's con-
Blgnmect to the "buck street" of the park
was the caus" of much comment yester
day, and if indications are to be relied
vpon will be for s-ime time to come.
When the charter went Into effect the
park patrol was mergt d into the regular
jolico department. From the authority of
the Park Commission the patrol passea
vndrr the «-ommard of the Chief of Po
3i<-e. After the appointment of Chief of
Police Sullivan one of the first orders is
fued by h::n related to the conduct of the
j ark patrol. Thomson seemed to have
rcen s'.ngled out as worthy of special at-
Photo by Bushnell.
SERGEANT COOGAN* AND THE
MAN HE SUPERSEDES AS
CHIEF OF 11IK PARK
PATBOLu
NEXT Saturday will be the first of
the four days of celebration in
honor of the admission of Califor
nia Into the Union on September
9, 1S50. Already a number of enthusiastic
citizens are decorating their places of bus
iness along the line of march, which will
be from the foot of Market street to
Montgomery, to Montgomery avenue to
Kearny, to Market to Van Ness avenue
to Pacific street, going out on the east
side 'of the avenue and countermarching
on the west side, dismissing at Market.
The reviewing stand, designed by the
honorary member pf the decoration com
mittee, Willis Pol^, is to be an extrava
gant affair, costing- $G00. It is to be lo
cated on the west"sido of the avenue, near
Post street. According to the honorary
member, it will bo "a gem of art" and
will bo different from any reviewing stand
ever before erected in this city. Still
there are a great many contributors to
the celebration fund who declare that $600
is pretty extravagant for something that
will bo occupied not more than four
hours and will have, to be taken down
immediately after the review.
There is a proposition to purchase- gold
badges at a cost not to exceed JS apiece
to he furnished to the president, vice
presidents and several other officers of
the general committee by the badge and
regalia committee in recognition of tho
valuable services they h:iv«j rendered in
the celebration work.
The general committee has tendered a
vote of thanks to the directors of the San
Francisco Art Association for its resolu
tion to throw open the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art on September 10 and 11 free
to all who wear the badge of the Native
Sons of tho Golden West.
The literary committee has extended an
invitation to J. B. Whiitemore. great
grandson of Commodore. Sloat, to read
during the literary exercises the proc
lamatien of the Commodore on the occa
sion of the raising- of the American flag
at Monterey. >Ir. Whittemore is a mem
ber of National Parlor of this city.
Workmen were engaged yesterday in
slnkinp: tho postholes on Market street
for the poles on which are to hang the
parlands along the sirte of the street.
They were al*o stretchins the red, white,
blue and yellow lines of electric lights.
Army and Navy Parlor hns asked per
mission to have its members who belong
to the National Guard to be excused from
turning- out with the sruard no that they
raay be In line with the parlor.
Visa! la Parlor has issued special !nv!-
tention. Thouprh all other members of the
park patrol were ordered to report for
duty at P a. m.. Captain Thomson was In
structed to l>e ready for the saddle at S
a. m. The extra hour of duty thus im
posed tipon him has also been accepted by
many as a tribute to the officer's skill as
a horseman and preserver of the peace. At
present the proofs point otherwise.
Some timo ago Thomson made applica
tion to b» appointed serpeant of the park
patrol. Behind him there -was consider
able influence. Amonp those who testified
as to his worth and devotion to duty was
Superintendent of the Park Mcl^aren.
Chief of Police Sullivan received his ap
plication — then lie piereon-holed it. Thom
son was instructed to continue his labors
as directed by the rules of the Park Com
mission. This be did. the mounte.l
patrolmen receiving their instructions
from him until yesterday morning.
Yesterday iiwrninp Serpeant Coogan,
who had been appointed to supercede
Thomson as the head of the park patrol,
went to the park. He informed Policeman
Thomson that ho hail been appointed to
relieve him and would henceforth take
rommand of the men under his control.
Thomson accepted the order and dis
mounted.
"I suppose you want the horse," he said.
"No." answered Coopan. "i will take
charge of the nark on foot."
"Have you any instructions for me?"
questioned Thomson.
"In ndiiition to the five beats known to
you," c'oocnn responded, "the Chief of Po
lice has cheated a sixth hf-at. which will
be known as the south drive brat. I have
been Instructed to detail you to cover that
beat."
Thomson rode way to cover the prounrt
given Into his keeping. Though the drive
which he coven is not as much frequent
ed an the main drives, many rigs wena
their wray to and from the beaeh over the
roail. It" stretches fr.r several miles along
the edce of the p;irk and has many wir.d
inps. If jit one end an accident oerurs
and the fates place Thomson at the other
end he will be held responsible for the ae
ciilent. thoupli durinK his sixtf^n years in
the p?rk a runaway has never passed him
and the lives he has saved number into
;he thousands. In the "bri^k street" of
the jinrk. a fart which Chief of Police
Sullivan doubtless believed worthy of con
sideration. Thomson will r.ot meet the
host of friends that daily saluted him
v/hen hf> was in rommand. He is now in
seclusion, and only ow.-pts the sound of an
alarm from the other end of his bent to
wreck his train of meditation wherewith
fcp Feel:s in the recesses of his mind th<*
cause that has brought him this reward
after twenty-one years of service.
The news that Mrs. Xettie R. Craven is
a patient at the private sanitarium of
Mrs. Reeves Atkinson at 1S15 Sutter street
and that Police Surgeon Bazet had pro
nounced her mentally wrong came with a
sudden shock to the friends of the famous
claimant to a widow's share of James G.
Fair's millions. The fact that she had
been taken to the sanitarium to be treated
for mental derangement resulting from
the long: and tedious litigation was not
known even to her intimates, and it was
only after persistent inquiries that she
was located at the sanitarium named.
Lunacy Commissioners Drs. Rethers ana
Lustig have been detailed by Judge Cook
to make an exhaustive examination of the
case. There is some suspicion that Mrs.
Craven may be shamming insanity in or
der to escape prosecution on tho indict
ment filed against her for perjury by the
Grand Jury. That the mental collapse
came about the time that her trial was to
commence gives some color to the sus
picion.
The doctors have been Instructed to as
certain whether her condition has been
caused by overindulgence in alcoholic
liquors. It is known that Mrs. Craven
has been In the habit of using morphine
to allay severe pains and fits of uncon
trollable nervousness. As her supply of
the drug at the sanitarium has been dis
continued it Is possible that her mind has
become temporarily shattered. The doc
tors will in all probability report the re
sult of their investigations to Judge Cook
to-morrow morning. While they found the
woman exhibiting symptoms of insanity,
they are r.ot yet prepared to declare her
insane.
Police Surgeon Bazet. who was detailed
by Chief of Toliro Sullivan to inquire into
Mrs. Craven's illness, filed his report on
Saturday. Or. Rizct was with Mrs. Cra
ven for only fifteen minutes, but during
that time ho learned enough to pronouree
her in a strious mental condition. While
the doctor declines to niakp his report
public h.- 1 admit? th:it Mrs. Craven is men
tally unbalanced. Whether the affliction
is temporary or permanent he is not pre
pared to say.
"I found Airs. Craven." says Dr. B.iaot,
"in n. hiprhly excitable condition. She be
came hysterical during mv visit and
Bhrioked so that her cries were heard in
neighboring houses. 1 am of the opinion
that the cau«<? of her ailment is that her
use of morphine hns been stopped. It is
certain that tne lady was unable to appear
in court on last Friday; when rhe was
marked on the calendar for arraignment.
I could not tell whether sho was sham
ming in her terrible outbursts; as my ob
servations lasted only a short time. She
is in n. bad wny, however, and appears to
me lik.? a woman who hns succumbed to
the use of narcotics. Her ravinprs are
probably not all due to n disordered brain,
os some of them appear to be intentional.'
Her mania takes the form of a belief that
she, is being perpecutetd and that justice
1'as b?en denied her. She talks at random
on different subjects that have absolutely
no connection, but sometimes 1 thought
that she was putting it on. It is evident
to me that her nervous system has been
wrecked by the use of drugs.''
Police Surgeon Bazet, After Short In
vestigation, Believes Her Men
tally Unbalanced From
Use of Drugs.
INQUIRY INTO
MENTAL STATE
OF MRS. CRAVEN
Lunacy Commissioners Will
Ascertain if She Is
' Shamming.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, v 1900.
PARADE LINE OF MARCH
HAS BEEN DECIDED ON
All Admission Day Committees Have
Their Hands Full, but Feel Satis
fied With the Work.
"CAPTAIN" THOMSON IS
SHORN OF AUTHORITY
Veteran of Park Patrol Relieved by
Order of Chief Sullivan and
Sent to South Drive.
10
La<5i»s' tailor-made suits, silk eklrts, far
capes; liberal ere Jit. SI. Uothechtld. 526 Sutter. •
Trappy'* Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia,
DruKUts. We na«k. Richards & Co.. 4W Clay.
Dr. E. L. Perrault has resumed practice
at 3C6 Sutter st. •
III; 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
VELVETS.
A full assortment of all the newest shades in cup tpip-
hrated SILK VELVETS at $1.50 and $200
per yard; and 150 shades In an extra cuaiitn
SILK PILE VELVET, new crisp finish, si OO
yard; also great variety of the NEW paw
VELVET, hoth plain and printed.
TAFFETAS.
150 different shades In our standard, good-wearinrr
duality of ALL-SILK 1 TAFFETA, full 19 Inches wile
85c yard : also a large assortment of hest makes
BLACK TAFFETA, 22, 24, 27 and 54 Inches YMe-
prlces 75c to $3.00 per yard.
LACES.
A large collection of NEW YESTINGS, in Moussellna
de Sole, Tucked, Hemstitched and Corded Taffetas,
and an elegant assortment of NEW LACES of eveprj
description — LACE TIES, SCARFS, JABOTS find
BLACK AND COLORED RUCHINGS.
RIBBONS.
We have opened our complete assortment of NEW RIB-
BONS in Ottomans, Satin Florentine, Satin Llrertu,
Moussellne Satin Taffeta, and full variety of WASH
RIBBONS In all the New Weaves.
Samples of our NEW FALL GOODS
forwarded free to anu address.
Commencing MONDAY, September 3d, we will
show complete lines of NEW GOODS in the
following departments.
NEW
FALL GOODS
BQWEM
Vista del Valle Sauternes
are becoming more popular
every day — users say they
are all we claim for them
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea— new crop 40C
Ten kinds — we ought to sell you
tea of this quality at this price —
if nothing else— reg'ly 50c lb
Maple syrup— i/azen j gal 65c
Pure Vermont sap— nothing else
added— reg'ly 8oc
Whisky— g b & o> * bottles $2
O K bourbon gallon 2
Mellow— from an old and reliabla
distillery— reg'ly Si and $4
Coffee— Pasha blend 2"jhc
Roast or ground— high grade green "
coffees properly blended— carefully
roasted — pure — reg'ly 35c lb
Cocoanut— shredded 22$G
Schepp's best doesn't turn rancid-
natural flavor— reg'ly 30c lb
Bouillon capsules—^nter 25c
Beef extract— celery flavor— health
building properties — reg'ly 30c box
French toilet soap 6oc
Box of 3 cakes— Roger A GaUet and
Pinand— assorted odors— reg'ly 75^
Buckwheat— eastern 60C
Hot cakes and Hazen's maple syrup
—reg'ly 75c 10 lb sack
Asparagus soup «*s j for 25c
Hickmott ?S 3 for 5OC
Quickly prepared— delicately
seasoned — reg'ly i°c and :oc can
Finnan haddie— v «*' 15c
A reat treat for breakfast-
delicate eating— reg ly 20c can
LiSterine— Lambert small 2OC
large 65C
Best antiseptic for internal and external
use—perfect tooth and mouth wash
White xvlne-Ho'ccii ml 65c
Finest vintage— reg'ly.Si gallon—
Golden chas^elas— a rich and delight-
ful wine
CaCOa chOUaO— « fa VaniUe 75C
Brizard's popular French
cordial— reg'ly 90c bottle
Brillantine— violet 20c
Imparts luster and beauty to the
hair— reg'ly 25c
Alcohol lamps small 25c
Adjastable burner large 50 C
with stand for hot water pan—
reg'ly 35*: and 65c
Clothes rack 6oc
Linnnnl patent— has 9 arms— 30
inches long — collapses against side
of wall — reg'ly 75c
Our September catalogue is sugges-
tive 1/ good things to eat— also dainty
recipes — this month's edition is par-
ticularly attractive
4ja Pine 931 Sutler *3oo California San Prtfld*:*
1073 Clay bctweaa EUveuth *ai Twe.tS O*kl*aJ
ADVERHSEMENTS.