ROME, Aug. 1C— The following dispatch
has been received here from Taku, via
Chefu, August 15:
"A Russian , regiment has disembarked
to protect the rear of the allied forces,
which Is seriously threatened. The Jap
anese admiral announces that the allies
occupied Tungchau last Sunday and that
he is*" awaiting news of an attack on
Peking to-day."
B,ICE ANT> ARMS CAPTURED.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 16.— The Japanese
legation has received a message from the
Foreign Office at Tokio stating that Tung
chau was occupied without resistance '. by
the Japanese force at. daybreak; on the
12th. The : Chinese apparently retreated
toward Peking. \Large quantities* of arms
and rice were captured at the same time.
EMPRESS DOWAGER
EXPECTED TO FLEE
WASHINGTON. Aug. 15.— A telegram
*ias h^on rr-cr-ived at the Jananese I>ega
(•'o"n from the Forpign Office at Tokio
vatir.K that at a conference hold on the
Th inst. at Yangtsun the commander?
of the several forces decided to push on
n.t once to PeMng. Th* forces wrre
]ioad<-i by the Japanese and followed in
order by the Rup-ians. British and Amer
icans. They *»xpectod to reach Tung
(haa on the 32th. The French troops
were compelled by the Inadequacy of their
commissariat to remain at Yangtsun,
vhiJo the Fmall bodies of Austrian*. Ital
ians and Cerm.Tns turned back to Tien
tsin. Immediately upon the fall of Tien
tsin the Russians «=ot about repairing the
TJent5ln-P*-kiric railway, which will be
repaired as far as Yangtsun about the
20th of this month. The Chinese from
Ehanhaikwan report that the Russians
are repairing the Tongku-Lutal railway
toward Shanhaikwan. Russian engi
recring officers, with about fcW men of
the railway corps at Ussuri, are expected
iit Tientsin.
The Brltlfh Consul a.t Tientsin says he
has been Informed by Chinese from Pe
ldr.s that LI Ping Hens arrived at the
capital with lO.fXK) men and after an au
<35enc«? with the Empress Dowager left
with them for an unknown destination.
The Empress Dowager will, It Is believed,
take refuge la Ta-Fuon-Fu In Shangsi. -
Z^.WS RECEIVED OF THE
3 DEATH OF MISSIONARIES
TORONTO. Ont.. Aug. 16.— A cablegram
received this morning at the China Inland
Mission from Shanghai reads:
"Miss H. J- Klce from Lucheng, mur-
ALLIES SUFFERED
FROM INTENSE HEAT
LONDON, Aug. 16.— General Sir Alfred
Gaselee. commanding the contingent of
troops from India to China, has wired to
the Government from Matow, under date
of August 11, via Chefu, August 15, as
follows: i
-'•Arrived here this morning early, after
a most trying march. The troops of all
nationalities are suffering severely from
the heat. Ten of our horses died yester
day from sunstroke. The enemy is be
lieved to be intrenched north of Chang
chlwan. There is no further news from
the legations."
General Gaselee sends -two earlier dis
patches repeating advices already received
by the British Government.
BERLIN, Aug. 1C— A seml-offlcial dis
patch from Shanghai, dated Wednesday,
August 35, says: The foreign Consuls, act
ing on a Joint resolution, have pent to
their respective Governments the follow
ing te>gram:
"Jf the Indian troops (British) are. with
drawn from Wu?ung it will constitute a
menace to the safety of Shanghai. These
troops ought to be landed on the basis of
an international understanding. To insure
the adequate safety of Shanghai more
troops ought to be landed immediately."
LEFT FIVE HUNDRED DEAD.
BERLIN, Aug. 16.— A dispatch received
here from Tientsin, dated August 14. an
nounced that the allies captured Chang
chlwan with slight loss. The Chinese
left 500 dead on the field. The remainder
fled, some to Tungchau and some to Pe
king.
'Wed; Miss M. E. Huston from Lueheng.
Mrs. E. J. Cooper from Lucheng and
throe- Saunders children are all dead, hav
lnsr received injuries whiye traveling."
Miss Rico was from Haydenvllle. Mass.,
and wont to China in 1S91 Miss Huston
rami> from Mobile. Ala., and went to
China in ISM. The other lady dead. Mrs.
E. J. Cooper, went out from Scotland to
China in 1SS7. All thfse mi?slonariea are
members of the China. Inland Mission.
The following missionaries have fled
from the province of Shansi: E. J. Coop
er, from his station at Lueheng; Rev. A.
E. and Mrs. Glover.
From the station at L»uan: Rev. Mr.
and Mrs. Saundors from Ping Iaot and
six children, evidently the children of E.
J. Cooper, and Mr. and Mrs. Glover.
DO NOT WANT BRITISH
TROOPS WITHDRAWN
HART SAID TO HAVE LEFT PEKING.
HOXGKOXG, Aug. 16. — Tt is rumored that the Canton customs department has received a
dispatch that Sir Robert Hart, Director General of Chinese Imperial Maritime Customs,
accompanied by his staff, has left Peking under Chinese escort and that a cruiser will be
sent to meet him on his reaching the coast.
of troops as shall be considered satisfactory by generals commanding
the forces composing relief expedition.
" 'We have communicated this to all the powers. Japanese Government takes same po
sition. V.'e have not heard from other power*. COIlBrN 1 ." ".
And two days ago In view of the rapid progress of the relief expedition, we sent fol
lowing: Ef»j
•• 'ADJTTTAICT GENERAL'S OFFICE. WASIIIXGTOX. AUG. 14.
" "Fowler. Chefu — For Chaffee, Aug. 14: In anticipation of acceptance by Chinese Garr
er:iment of condition In our reply cabled you Ausrust 12. If Chinese communicate will
ingness to deliver Ministers and persons under their protection to relief column at Peking
under arrangements which you consider safe, you are authorize'] to make and carry out
arrangements in concert with other commanders without referring It here. From informal
communications with representatives of other Governments here, we b»lleve all to taks
substantially same position. Question whether you should Insist upon entering Peking an.l
going to legations, or will receive delivery at gate of inner Tartar city or at outer wall.
taking risk of Ministers passlns through city with only Chinese escort, you and the other
generals must determine.
" 'By. order Secretary of War. CORDLV
"We are advised by Minister Conger that the attacks by Imperial troor* upon the
legations in Ptking hare not ceased. Whin these attacks continue we cannot s>tot> tha
advance of our forces toward Peking. If such attacks cease, the above (juotefl instruc
tions will be allowed to stand, and they will seem to provide for all the action required
under the circumstances stated by Earl LI In hi3 dispatch. \~, ".
t "ALVEY A. ADEE. Acting Secretary.
"Department of State. "Washlnston. August 16. 1300."
¦ - - - -.. ,
At the same time the authorities gave out the latest dispatch from Minister
Conger, received to-day throtfgh the Chinese Minister. Mr. Wu. It was embodied
In an official statement as follows: :.". /r-\
Acting Secretary of State Adee made public the following extract from a dis
patch received this morning from Mr. Conger. It was handed to Mr. Adee by Mr.
Wu, who explained that he had received it at midnight from the Taotai. or
Shanghai, by whom it had been received by way of Tslnan August 15. It is un
dated, but would seem to have left Peking some time between August 5 and 11.
Secretary of State, Washington: Our cipher is safe. May it not
be sufficient authenticity? We have been imprisoned and completely be
sieged since June 23. Continued artillery and rifle firing until July
17; only rifle since, but daily, with frequently desperate attacks, one
last night. Have already reported our losses. French, Italian, Belgian,
Austrian and Dutch legations and all other foreign property in Peking
destroyed. Dr. Inglis' child dead. Marines Fanning, Fisher, Turner,
King,, Tutcher, Kennly and^Thomas killed. All other Americans alive
Hearing allied forces give us hope. CONGER.
The appeal of China and the, prompt response of the American Government
were the subject of supreme interest throughout the day. Coming at a moment
when the allied armies were In the shadow of the great walls -of Peking the
circumstances In which" the correspondence occurred were of a peculiarly mo
mentous character. The President had just returned from a brief respite at
WASHINGTON, Aug. 16. — Chinese Minister Wu promptly telegraphed to Li Hung Chang to-night the contents of the ;
memorandum handed to him to-day by Acting Secretary Adee, giving the instructions which have been sent to Gen- ;
eral Chaffee regarding his course in dealing with the Chinese situation. The Minister, while regarding the situation as ~
critical, hopes that the instructions to the allied commanders may have reached them in time to provide for . negotiations with a !
representative of his Government, whereby the Ministers will be escorted from Peking in safety. •
WASHINGTON. Aug.. 16.— At the- close of a day of Intense anxiety, the
State Department to-night made public the latest correspondence be
tween the United States Government and China, constituting not only
a remarkable series of state papers but at the same time dispelling all
doubt and uncertainty as to the American policy In the present critical
Juncture. The urgent, almost; pathetic appeal of LI Hung Chang, submitted'
early in the day, that the victorious march of the -allies stop at Tungchau. and
that the military- commanders on the, field be instructed to arrange an armistice
at that point, was met with a response that General Chaffee already had been
given complete Instructions empowering him to carry out an : arrangement In
concert with other commanders for the delivery of the Ministers and the per
sons under their protection to the relief column, now at TunKehau, as had been
suggested, but at Peking. Furthermore, It was known to China that General
Chaffec's instructions left free rein as to whether he should insist upon entering
Peking and going to the legations or should receive the delivery of the lega
tioners at the gate of the inner Tartar city ; or. at the great outer wall. In
short, China, through her peace envoy, besought a halt and an armistice at
Tungchau, twelve miles from Peking, whereas the response ¦ of the American
Government is that If there is to be a halt— an armistice— it must be at the walls
of the imperial city. . . _
The conclusions of the Government were announced after an extended Cabi
net meeting and were embodied in the following official statement:
A cable from Earl LI Hung . Chnng," Envoy Plenipotentiary of China, dated August 13.
and received by Minister Wu at 7 p. in. on the same day:
"The allied force Is approaching. Tungchau. I have memorialized the Imperial Gov
ernment to depute envoy to negotiate an armistice with the several commanders on the
spot: I will a^so shortly proceed to Peking. The. powers, being fully aware of. the embar
rassing position in which their Majesties the Empress Dowager and ; the Emperor are
placed, are earnestly requested to telegraph Instructions to their respective commanders
after arriving rat Tungchau with their forces to stop their further advance to the capi
tal so as not to cause alarm and fear to their Majesties and calamities to the people.
For such advance would shake the foundations of the Ta Chlng empire and wound the feel
ings of all her people, hiKh and low. For a compliance with this appeal the -millions of
people 'of the empire will be profoundly grateful to the powers. Please communicate this
cableRram at once to the Secretary of State." ' .
The following memorandum in reply was handed to Mr. Wu this afternoon:
•- ¦-' "MEMORANDUM:
"Foreseeing that there would be Insufficient, time after receiving a reply to our memo
randum of August 12 ' to tret Instructions to the relief column before it had reached
Peking we sent on the same day to the general commanding the American forces in China
the following ;Jlspatch:
.'" 'ADJUTANT GENERAL'S, OFFICE, WASHINGTON. Aug. 12,, 1300,-Fowler. Chefu,
for Chaffee. August 12: Secretary War dlrects_ me to Inform you that LI Hung Chang, ap
pointed .by' Chinese Government to' negotiate with . powers, . requests cessation of. hostilities.
"We have replied that we are ready to enter into an agreement be
tween the powers and the Chinese Government for a cessation of hos
tilities on condition that -a sufficient body of .th.9 forces composing , the
relief expedition shall '< be permitted to enter Peking unmolested, and to
escort foreign' Ministers . and residents back to Tientsin, the movement
being </pxo^rided for and secured by such arrangements and dispositions
Am Appeal fey La Hmung Chang for an Armistice at Toning"
Cham Promptly Rejected aed the Demaed Renewed
That the Maoflsters Be Delivered to the! Relief
Forces Mi.'Pekjjpg.
DANGER OF PARTITION OF GHIINA.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Aug. 16.— Relieved by
the belief that the foreign Ministers and those under their protection are no longer in clan
ger, the administration here and the powers are giving attention to the policies that shall be
followed to satisfactorily terminate the Chinese question. President McKmley and his Cabinet
discussed to-day the future policy of the United States.
Further details respecting the occupation of Niuchwang by the Russians show that the
Russian admirals arrived at that port August 10 and formally notified the foreign Consuls that the'
Russian Government had taken over the administration of the town "for the protection of foreign
interests and Chinese."
No further information as to the intention of the British with respect to the landing of
troops at Shanghai has been received in Washington, and there is a disposition in some quarters to
believe that the British Government hesitates to take action which may precipitate serious compli
cations. But if Russia persists in retaining Niuchwang, it was stated to-night by a well-informed
diplomat that the other European governments and Japan would find it necessary to take posses
sion of Chinese territory.
The administration thoroughly understands the danger of the dismemberment of China,
and it will throw its whole influence against any proposition for partition. When discussion as to
the future of China occurs there is reason to believe that the United States will propose a treaty
between the powers which shall permanently establish the principle of the "open door."
COMPANY A, AMERICAN MARINES, FROM MANILA ON THE WAY TO PEKING.
From the Illustrated London News.
CHINA MAKES ANOTHER FRUITLESS EFFORT
TO STAY THE ADVANCE OF THE ALLIES
T ONDON, Aug. 17, 3:45 A. M — A cablegram to Vienna from Hongkong announces the capture of Peking,
A-i but the Austr'an Government, like other European pewers, is itill without confirmation of this report.
An officia telegram dated Taku, August 14, has been received at Rome which asserts the attack on
Peking began on/ Monday; that Sir Claude Macdonald, the British Minister, had opened communication
with the relieving forces, and that th9 allies have established tneir headquarters at Tungchau.
The consensus of cpinion expressed by the morning japers tends to the belief that the legations
are now safe with the allies.
LONDON. Aug. 17, 3:45 a. m.— Chinese officials in Shanghai are reported as admitting that
the allies inflicted a heavy defeat on the Chinese imperial troops around Tungchau Sunday,
and then marched direct on Peking. This, if true, carries the Japanese official advices an
nouncing the capture of Tungchau one step further.
The western powers, according to a dispatch to the Daily Express from Kobe, have ac
cepted the proposals formulated by the Japanese for arranging an armistice, dependent upon the
immediate delivery of the foreign legations to the allies, or the granting of permission to the al
lied forces to enter Peking and to guard the legations. Upon these bases, the correspondent says,
Japan has already begun to negotiate. ,
Shanghai dispatches declare that the Chinese had intended to make a final attack upon the
legations last Sunday, but whether the plan was carried out is not known there.
•From the same place comes the statement that Vice Admiral Seymour and Brigadier
General Creagh have joined in the protest against the withdrawal of the British troops. All the
morning papers which comment on the subject appeal to Lord Salisbury not to withdraw them,
and dilate upon the serious results of such an action to British prestige. £
American negotiations looking to a cessation of hostilities also receive considerable atten
tion favorable and otherwise";* ~*but alF'the editorials agree that a too precipitate- withdrawal from
Peking after the delivery of the legations would have a bad effect upon the Chinese situation.
Describing the capture of Ho-Si-Wu, a special dispatch says that the headgear of the
Americans was quite insufficient for the awful heat, and that the consequence was direful.
Copies sere given out yesterday of Li Flung Chang's piteous pica for an armistice while
the envoys be delivered to the allies outside Peking lest an entry of the capital by foreigners should
overturn the Chinese Government, and of the reply, in which the United States showed that General
Chaffee had been authorized to grant such an armistice if in the opinion of the military commanders
it would be best to receive the Ministers at the gates from an imperial escort.
Meanwhile the American officials arc convinced that the envoys arc now safe, as the result
of negotiations or military operations by the allies.
Great Britain's decision not to land troops at Shanghai out of consideration for protests by
other powers has evoked an outcry of danger involved in such a policy from the representatives of
previously protesting nations, but without causing the withdrawal of their demands that they shall
also land troops at Shanghai despite the protest by other pozcers. The British transports had
sailed, but a torpedo boat was sent after them and have now returned to Wu Sung.
Official advices received in Washington confirm the announcement that Russia has taken
over the administration of Niuchwang', and other powers may now find it necessary to take posses
¦J • ...'••«'•«•••'•*»• ............... » » « .«¦¦»_¦». • • • ...»..». »_*¦» ..«-»..',%.*. .T..»..»..T..T.,». .»..»..T..'.. > .r*. ¦ *.¦?.¦*¦¦*¦-•-
ALLIES INFLICTED A HEAVY DEFEAT.
SUMMARY OF CHINESE SITUATION.
Attack on the Chinese Capital Reported to Hav© Begem on Monday and Kept Up Untal the Brutish
flanister Opeini@d CommeeSeatSoe With ReMevfliw Forces,
- 1 •
AUSTRIAN GOVERNMENT HAS RECEIVED CABLEGRAM
ANNOUNCING THE CAPTURE OF PEKING.
PRICE FIVE CESTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-KO. 78.
Continued on Second Page.
TO PROTECT REAR
OF RELIEF COLUMN
The San Francisco CallACCUSES CONSUL OF
COMPLICITY WITH CHINESE
States Infantry, destined for service in
China, being rushed through to San Fran
cisco from Fort Thomas. Ky., arrived
here this afternoon with their officers and
equipments and were hurried on West.
PARIS. Acs. IS.— Mane Louise ITarsy. the V
wli-kanivn actress and owner of racehorses,
has resisted from the Comedle Franchise. Ac- ,
cordine W the Temps, her withdrawal is due
to ill-health.
NEW YORK. Aur. 18.— Herbert and Henry
E. Jan»s. .ioine business under the name of
Janes & Kortland. wholesale dealers In stovea
and ranses. assigned to-day. The Una has a
ratinx of H».«00 to J200.CCO.
PARIS. Aus- !*•— A Rtreetcar collision, re
sulting in Injuries to thirty-five persons, oc
curred last rveninir at the corner ot the Boule
v?rrt des Fatlcnoles and the Rue St. Pettre
burff, where electric urni horse lines cross.
PARIS. Auc 16.— Knsexmann and Trebische.
who have spent the last two months rolling
a tcb from Vienna to Paris for bets of 5Cii)
francs, have arrived at the Viennese gate anl
thus wen the money. The tub weighs a trlfla
over MO pound3.
LIMA. Peru. Au». 18.— Sir "WlUlam Martin
Conway. the well-known English explorer «nd
chairman of the Society of Authors, arrlvei
here yesterday In rood health. It U his in
tention to visit and report upon Lake Tltlcaca
and the eastern chain.
LONCOX, Aujr. H.— The British steamer Clan
MacArthur of the Clan line, which galled from
Calcutta, July 12. via Port Said. August 2. for
Uon.lon. has been quarantined in the Thames
owing to a dea'h from bubonic plague having
occurred on board the vessel.
WASHIXGTDX. Auj. 11— The Department
of State has been notified by Minister Suck, at
Tokio. that the Japanese Government has given
permission to the United States Government to
establish a United States hospital on Japaaiw
territory wherever the United States GoveA?
ment may select a site.
N'EVT YORK. Aug. 18. — John W. Gates, tlie
American wire and steel maTiate, has won
nearly a million dollars on English racetrack*.
and is about to return to the United States.
Mr. Gates, when he arrives, will enter actlva
politics in Illinois and try to gain Senator Cul
loro's seat at Washington.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Young Man Arrested in I»eipslc Ad
mits His Intent but Says
His Courage Failed.
LONDON, Aug. 17. — A young man about
20 years old was arrested at Leipsic yes
terday, according to a special dispatch
from Berlin, who admits having conspired
to kill King Albert of Saxony. He says aa
was appointed by lot to perform the deed,
but that his courage failed him.
HIa identity has not yet been estab
lished. A dagger and loaded revolver
were found on his person.
_ «•
PLOTTED TO MURDER
KING ALBERT OF SAXONY
Granted a Patent for a Device to
Prevent Escape of Electricity
From Wires.
NEW YORK. Aug. 16.— A patent has
been granted to Nikola Tesla for an In
vention which he claims will prevent the
escape of electricity from a wire. Tesla's
Invention, it la claimed, solves the Insula
tion problem by Insulating the wire by
passing it through air kept at a low tem
perature, producing a coat of Ice on the
wire, which cannot be broken through by
the strongest current.
TESLA SOLVES THE
INSULATION PROBLEMj
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Aug. IS.— In the
Caleb Powers trial to-day arguments
of counsel were continued. Colonel W.
C. Owens, for the defense, made a bril
liant address to-night. Much Interest is
being taken in the argument of Colonel
Thomas Campbell for the prosecution to
morrow forenoon, and in the argument of
ex-Governor Brown for the defense to
morrow afternoon, while Commonwealth
Attorney Franklin will deliver /a strong
argument in closing the case to-morrow
night.
. m
Woolley Coining West.
CHICAGO, Aug. 16.— John G. Woolley,
Prohibition candidate for President, will
leave here to-morrow for Pennsylvania,
where he will address five large assem
blies and summer meetings. Returning
to Illinois next week he will leave on a
tour of the Pacific Coast. His special
train Itinerary will begin September 19.
In the party will be Mr. Woolley. Henry
B. Metcalf. Vies Presidential candidate.
V. B. Cushlng of Maine. Samuel Dickte
of- Michigan and Oliver W. Stewart of
Chicago. The first run will be made over
the Burlington through Illinois and Iowa,
speeches being made wherever possible.
Later many other States will be toured.
Much of the speaking will be done from
Lhe rear platform or a Pullman car. ssgg*;
COUNSEL ARGUING.
Attorneys Still Talking to the Jury
in the Trial of Caleb Power.
Members of the Cabinet, as "Well,
Entertained by Secretary of
War Boot. /"I*
WASHINGTON. Aug. 16.— The President
and Mrs. McKinley, the member^ of the
Cabinet now in *the city and others dined
at the Country Club, near Washington to
night, the party being the "guests of Sec
retary Root. Others present were Secre
tary and Mrs. Gage. Postmaster General
Smith, Secretary Wilson, Senator Foraker
Adjutant General Corbin and Secretary
Cortelyou. The party was entertained by
a string quartet stationed on the lawn,
which played a number of plantation
melodies and other music.
PRESIDENT AND WIFE
"DINE AT COUNTRY CLUB
Former President of Orange Free
State Said to Have Succumbed
to an Old Wound.
LONDON, Aug. 17.— Former President
Steyn, according to a dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Lourenzo Marques, dated
yesterday, is reported to have died as the
result of a severe wound while endeavor
ing to reach Kruger.
A British correspondent, recently re
leased from captivity at Xooitgedacht, as
serts positively that Kruger wishes peace,
but that the fighting commandants insist
upon continuing the war and would pre
vent his flight by force If necessary.
The burghers, according to the same
authority, share this view. The Trans
vaalers have ninety guns at Machadodorp,
with abundant provisions.
¦ According to a dispatch to the Daily
Express from Lourenzo Marques, dated
yesterday, it is rumored there that Gen
eral Dewet has succeeded in joining hands
with Commandant Delarey.
STEYN IS REPORTED TO
HAVE PASSED AWAY
Oh^" 3 thcre , can be no misunderstanding of the issue as made up Li Hunt
I§11§
categorical answer to the inquiries of the Bt*t*&wto™F™?" aa *l£? > i'' S l
definite knowledge that we were in direct touch with cur Mini™ ?or all of £
dispatches up to to-day had conveyed information without referent to the ri
peated inquiries of the Government. That the situation is despe?at e °s shown
Z fh St n emen i that one of the attacks upon the legation occurred the night b?
fore the dispatch was sent. In response to a request of the State De^tm^
Mr. Conger gives the list of the brave band of American marines who fSi iff
fense of the legation. It is evident that the Minister la taforald i t? £
proach of the column, as he says the rearing of the aU^d forces %%LTs
in s^tssa^ss
SllsTk^g 6 tr °° PS &nd ° f GPneral Chaff -'s authority £ ne^aTe' S [ne
« m^rJhlTlnTerS JSSff w"2^uTC to Of
Department of State and it was accepted by the officials inchiSir^ 1° the
tary of War, as the latest and most authentic news of L ? the Secre "
relief column. Some days had elapted how e v e r?lince this 0™^°^^
chau and there had been ample time to cover the^twelve nXs b lwl» & "
place and Peking. Whether the allied forces 'actually^ were $?L w,. that
S£ P SE atSSl ° f WhiCh ""^ ° ne ° fflClal and «~£'- K a^ a S ,te5 e wS
Secretary Root was satisfied that Tungehau had been Wr k o >,(«^
was one of the reasons why it was regarded as futile to ? coSSdS ' n" w^
Chang's proposition for an armistice at Tungehau consider LI Hung
A dispatch was received during the day from Admiral tj«~
Japanese report of the occupation ofTSngcha™ olid "adding tZ **' ™ nV * ylns the
on Japanese authority, that the attack on Peking SS expecfed t0 h?rn^ nt ' a ' 80
day. A dispatch was sent to General Chaffee, but its contintswerf be f ma( * e yester-
Although the officials regarded it as unimportant .It doubtless mad™^ 6 P - WlC " A
ican commander aware of the fact that there was no deviation fn ?i£ * t Amer "
titude. A dispatch also was sent to Minister Conger adSSrS in I Al " erIcan at '
him the benefit of the latest developments adUsory in character, giving
Canton and going to the White House found his advisors fceady to present ta
him the Issue now advanced by China. / present to
The appeal from Li Hung Chang came first to the Chinese Minister who
early in the day. conveyed it to the Department of State. Although it was not
ilZ re S"larday for a meeting of the Cabinet word was conveyed to those Cab
inet officers In the city that a special Cabinet session would be held at 11 o'clock
w!rh et^ ry r> R00 , t J Wh 2 haS been a euiiling factor in the Chinese negotiations, was
with the President before the meeting opened, presenting the Chinese communi
cations and to discuss the instructions already sent to Chaffee. With the Pres
ident at the Cabinet table were Secretaries Root, Gage and Wilson and Post
master General Smith. The conclusions reached can be stated best by reference
to the succinct response of the United States Government set forth in official
announcement.
ister ft whi h f p ab | net ««*»"& the American reply was sent to the Chinese Min
ister, who. later in the day, cabled it to Li Hung Chang.
™r, T M US e ( issue was Earned and unalterably the United States declined to
cUy o7 T ,nl Pr h° P0SUI r ° f , L H MiU " g ChSng f ° r a halt and an armistice at the
m™ tLT \l B A,' EVen , the su P, rcme a PP eal of the venerable Chinese states-
H!f" t !l at th « Cheese empire would be shaken by an advance of the allies b-
yond Tungehau was not heeded. The answer of the United States is thi't
our position is the same now as it has been from the outset namelr t i,at the
Ministers must be delivered at the walls of Peking and in%uch XumsTances
as will meet the judgment of the military. commander* on the spot
it will be observed that the American memorandum of reply rives Lf Hune
molested." The second dispatch of August M merely amplifies General ChfftB.^
w.Jhi ." co , m t man<li!r ' "•'"¦«" awaiting the slow process of a reference to
JUshlneton. Whether this arrangement thus freely committed to o'Schal
KANSAS ClTY.^Aug.-' 16.-Five hundred
and -fifty' soldiers 7 of -the- Second 1 United
SOLDIEBS HTTRBIED WEST.
WASHINGTON, : Aug. 16.-The Navy De
partment has made public the' following
dispatch fromAdmiral Remey:]gj \
TAKU, Aug. 15.— Front unheard from
since 11th. Lieutenant Latimer is on
Chaffee's staff expressly to furnish ' me
authentic Information. -Latest 1 reports
from Japanese sources say allies occupied
Tungehau on the :12th and would attack
Paking to-day. , ; REMEY.
AN ATTACK ON
; PEKING WAS EXPECTED
LONDON, Aug. 17.— Viscount Wolseley,
Field Marshal and Commander-in-Chief
of the British army, delivered, according
to the Daily Mail, the most scathing con«
demnatlons ever heard at Aldershot after
witnessing yesterday's maneuvers. He
declared that the 30,000 men who partici
pated were utterly unfit to send abroad,
being badly led and badly taught."
Many distinguished officers listened* to
these remarks, among them General
Montgomery Moore, formerly In command
in Canada, but now commanding- at Al
dershot.
m :'.: ¦¦¦' .
BRITISH TROOPS NOT
FIT TO SEND ABfiOAD
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 16.-General
Reennenkamp, according to advices to the
Russian War Office, while pursuing the
Chinese from Aigun, found 4000 infantry,
5000 cavalry and twelve guns in a strong
position at Sanjshan. Although the Rus
sians were inferior In numbers and had
only two guns they made combined front
and flank attacks on the Chinese on Au
gust 10. The Chinese succeeded, in break-
Ing up the flank movement and fought
with great stubbornness, but eventually
they were compelled by a .fierce Cossack
attack on their center to evacuate the po
sition and withdraw the guns. .
The Protestant mission here has re
ceived a cable from Canton saying that
the missions at Tiechi Chin Namon and
Luk Hang have been destroyed. The flr&t
was in the northern part of the province
of Quang Tong and the second in the
southern part.
The German officers think the allies will
not attempt to hold Peking, but will re
tire immediately with the members of thej
legations to Tientsin.
UnllMLot UtrtAItU
BY FIGHTING- COSSACKS
BERLIN, Aug. 16.— Count von Wald
ersee, accompanied, by the Countess
and by Vice Admiral von Walder
see, his brother, visited the United
States "embassy this morning and
asked John B. Jackson, secretary of the
embasry, to present his best compliments
to President McKinley. ,He spoke in tho
highest terms of the American troops,
saying: > "I know what they can do and
will consider it a great honor to have
such gallant soldiers my com
mand."
Before leaving Hanover yesterday he
made a speech to the Worklngmen's
Licd'ertafel, saying that he hoped to finish
his .task and return soon to Hanover. .In
response to the address of the municipal
deputation he said:
"With trust in God and in the firm,
cheerful courage of my troops, I hope to
carry out the plans and overcome all dif
ficulties."
The press points out that Count von
Waldersee is talking too much and ad
vises him to talk less. Several journals
have dubbed him "Felt Marshal."
In the course of a' conversation at • the
office of the General Staff to-day he said:
"The general situation for the allies is
unfavorable, even if Peking Is taken or
is about to be taken, since the allies are
everywhere on the defensive except in
this advance on Peking. It is necessary
to adopt the strategical offensive through
out China."
His idea seems to.be to have the allies
act in conjunction with the Russian forces
in the provinces, of Kirin and Sheng King,
by way of Mukden.
Count von Waldersee will leave to-mor
row for Cassel, where farewell festivities
will be held on Saturday. They will con
sist of a military parade "and a banquet
to.be attended by a number of generTilg.
The banquet will also take the form of.
a celebration of* the seventieth' birthday
of Emperor Francis Joseph.
Continued from First Page.
, THE PERIL IN PEKING.
PLAN OF THE IMPERIAL CITY. SHOWING THE LOCATION OF THE SEVERAL LEGATIONS \ND OTHER
PLACES OF IMPORTANCE, WITH THE LINE OK ADVANCE OF THE ALLIED FORCES WHO WERE REPORT
ED ON THE 12TH INST. AT TUNGCHAU. TWELVE MILES EAST, AND ARE NOW THOUGHT TO BE U\DFR TP
NOT WITHIN THE WALLS OF PEKING. J
much clubbing dispersed the crowd. The
two negroes got away.
Riot Alarm Sent In.
"Word reached the West Forty-sreventh
street station to-night that a large moi>
1 was at Eighth avenue and Forty-second
street. The reserves were run out and
dispersed the crowd, which numbered over
a thousand persons. A second alarm sent
the reserves to Forty-ninth street and
Tenth avenue, but not more than fifty
persona were there. They ran before tH
policemen. A mob was reported at
Amsterdam avenue and Sixty-tirst street
at 10 o'clock. A squad went there ami
found a crowd of about 1000 angry men,
who were dispersed. The police then
found Anton Steketesik, an Italian fruit
vender, lying on the sidewalk, stabbed in
the chest. He said William Cody, a white
boy, bad robbed the fruit stand and when
he had protested they beat him and
stabbed him with the Italian's fruit knlle. .
A riot call was sent in from Thirty
seventh street and Eighth avenue at Id
o'clock. Chief Devery ordered Captain
Cooney to take a larse squad and dis- •
perse the crowd. Cooney found several
hundred men and boys at the corner men
tioned and they were acting very ugly.
The mob was charged and many persons
clubbed.
Policeman John J. Howard saw a well
dressed man on the corner and ordered
him to move. The man refused to do so.
Howard knocked him down and took af
revolver from him. Howard made another
search and found that the man had a
badge. He then let him go, convinced
that he had beaten a brother officer. Half
an hour later the policeman who had been
clubbed staggered into the West Thlrty
seventh-street station to complain of his
treatment. Chief Devery at once recog
nized him as Patrolman William Powers
Chief Devery ordered Captain Cooney to
take Powers* shield and revolver and lock
him up on the charge of being drunk and
disorderly and flourishing a revolver to
incite the crowd to riot.
Two May Die.
All the prisoners arrested in th© riot last
n «- ffht ex^Dt Lee, were arraigned in the
West Side Court to-day. A majority were
fined $10. a few were iJld lnt£Z™Z 2?™
the peace, several were discharged and
Carr was held to await the result of the
injuries to Officer Kennedy. The magis
trate stated in advance that all prisoners
before him should have a fair trial
A dispatch from Washington to-day an
nounced the arrest there, of Arthur Har
ris, the alleged murderer of Policeman
Thorpe. David H. Carr, a negro, charged
with having had a hand In the stabbing
of Policeman Kennedy, was held without
bail to await the result of Kennedy's In
juries. Lee. the other negro charged with
stabbing Policeman Kennedy, has not
beefl arraigned.
Notwithstanding the excitement of the
not, but two persons, bo far aa known
were seriously injured/ These were Pol
iceman Kennedy, stabbed in the left side
and Lee. the negro, with pistol shot
wound in hl3 breast and a scalp wound.
It Is thought that Lee Is fatally injured.
Policeman Kennedy la seriously aoT
CENSUS OF GREATER
NEW YORK ANNOUNCED
MOBS STILL FIGHT
NEGROES IN NEW YORK
WASHINGTON; Aug. 16.-The Census Office this mor-ins: announced tb«
population of Greater New York (Manhattan and Br™x bfrouS to be
° f b ° rOU5h ° f M -^«anisl.S S ani that 5
There are, besides the boroughs nsmed. three other borousrH in neater
New York, viz.: Brooklyn. Queens and Richmond. "vLn the ccVSs o Vs"
was taken the city of Now York comprised mi of what ?s "Iw the borou-h
of Manhattan and all of what to now tho borough of Bronx ev»m tho terrt
tory lying to the west of East River, annexed on January 1 ms
Population Placed - at 2,050,600, Which
.-.Shows an Increase of 35.33 Per
Cent During Past Ten Years.
Over Fifty People Injured With Pistol
Balls, Razors. Clubs or Other
Like Weapons.
NEW YORK, Aug. 16.— Such a fu
rioua ebullition of race hatred as
found vent in the rioting that oc
curred here last night over the
murder a few days ago of Police
man Thorpe by a negro named
Arthur- Harris has not been equaled in
many years. As a result of the disturb
ance, which raged from midnight until 3
o'clock and burst out in a flame of pas
sion and violence at Intervals until day
break, there were about fifty persons In
jured by pistol balls, razors or knives,
rocks and clubs. Of these one negro,
•Lloyd Lee, may not recover, and Police
man Kennedy Is also seriously Injured.
Lee Is alleged to have made threats
against the life of Kennedy because he
was the particular friend and associate
of Thorpe, the murdered officer. Thorpe
was the third white man murderously as
saulted in the vicinity by negroes, a race
prejudice having been engendered.
In less than an hour from the time the
trouble began last night the whole of
the AVest Side, from Twenty-eighth street
to Longacre Square, above Forty-second
street, including Eighth and Ninth ave
nues, was in an uproar.
Forty or more arrests were made.
Inspector Thompson, with 100 policemen,
In addition to. the several hundred regu
lar men in the precincts affected, was on
the ground in the riotous district before
nightfall, and he kept his men on the
move. They had orders to arrest any
man, black or white, who evinced the
slightest disposition toward riot.
The police arrested several negroes
after clubbing 1 them severely.
Negro Nearly Lynched.
Inspector Thompson was near Eighth
avenue and Fortieth street, when he no
ticed a tumult aboard an Eighth-avenue
car. Me ran with a couple of men to in
vestigate and found that a negro passen
ger was the cause" of the trouble. He
had not done any wrong, but several
white men tried to get in a punch at the
black man and two women tried to stab
him in the face with hatpins. Inspector
Thompson arrived just In time to see a
paving-stone crash through the car win
dow and lay the negro out with a stun
ning blow on the head. Louis Swartz IS
years old, threw the stone. He was ar
rested.
, Many fights between whites and blacks
resulted to-night. Alexander Robinson,
a negro, and a colored friend were on a
Thirty-fourth-street car. Some one set
; up a shout as the car neared Eighth ave
nue that the negroes ought to be lynched.
A man with a clothesline appeared from
somewhere and the two negroes were
pulled off the car. The rope was thrown
around Robinson's neck and with fifty
men and boys pulling we mob started for
a lamp post. A squad of police appeared
before the mob had gone far and with
denver; Aug. is.— a special to ; the
News from Alamosa, Colo., says a forest
fire Is burning- east on South Fork; from
five to twenty miles wide, and is destroy
ing valuable timber, mine machinery and
buildings.- It-has-traveled-thirty-five. miles
and the damage will run Into millions of
dollars. ¦
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS'
DAMAGE BY FOREST FIRE
NEW YORK. Aug;. IS.— Senator Hanna
at Republican headquarters to-day gave
out the two additional names of members
of the advisory committee, announced
r-arly in the week. They are John W.
Ijuryea and Frank O. Lowden of Chicago.
The report that SenatorHanna was trou
bled with heart failure caused many tele
grams and loner-distance telephone mes
sages of inquiry to be made to-day. Sen
ator Hanna answered telling all inquirers
that, though he was not feeling well, he
would keep tap with the work. To-night
Cornelius X. Bliss declared that he
thought Senator Hanna as vigorous as at
any time he had known him.
STATE NOMINEES.
Democrats of Iowa Adopt Resolutions
Censuring the Governor.
CEDAR RAPIDS. Iowa, Aug. IS.— The
State r>emocratic Convention to-day nom
inated the^TollowIng ticket: Secretary of
Stat«\ S. G. Crane of Polk; Auditor, I. M.
Gibson of Delaware: Treasurer, II. L.
Williams of O'Brien; Attorney General C
Harper of Des Moines; Judge of Supreme
Court, J. W, Freeland of Wayne; Railroad
Commissioner, J. E. Anderson of Winne
baero; Electors at Larse. Jospph E Bock
of Polk and C. H. Mackey of Keokuk.
The platform pays:
As a phase of the trust question bearing dis
astrously on manufacturing interests in Iowa
and other agricultural States, we point to th*
fact that the combination of manufacturing
trusts and railway trust* has resulted In clos
ing many such factor!**. Many Dlants in
Iowa now stand Idle because they have either
been driven out of business by unfair compe
tition or have been^bought by trusts and
closed down. W> demand the enactment and
enforcement of stringent laws, both State and
national, to control all trusts.
We deprecate the growing power and influ
ence of the railways In State politics and the
subserviency of the executive council, the
Railroad Commission and even the Governor
himself to railroad dictation. We demand that
railroad rates and taxation as well as !e~is
lation affecting railways shall be flxed for "the
benefit of th« whole people without improper
interference from the ppeclal Interests Involved.
We condemn the subterfuge of the pharmacy
act. by which the Republican party has re
turned the saloon to Iowa, while still maintain
ing: the farce of prohibition. The Democratic
party believes In majority rale and favors an
hom-st and open policy of local control with
strlngrent regulations.
We condemn the Republican party for pass-
Ing an- anti-fusion law and constantly chang
ing other election laws with a view of con
fusing voters and defeating the will of the
electorate. ¦ ' -;*:."-¦•.*«-
HANNA'S CONDITION '
IS NOT ALARMING
11:1') a. m., September 20; leave Pocaiello
230 a. m., September 21; arrive Ogden 7
a. m.: or leave Pocatello 11:35 a. m., Sep
tember 21, and arrive Ogden 4 p. m. ; leave
O^den 7 a. m.. September 22. via Oregon
Short Line and arrive Salt Lake City 9:05
a. m.: leave Salt Lake City 7 a. m.. Sep
tember 24. via Union Pacific, and arrive
Kvanston 11:55 a. m.. September 24: leave
Evanston at 11 p. m., September 24, and
arrive Cheyenne 2 p. m., September 25;
leave Cheyenne 7 a. m.. September 2$. via
Lnlon Pacific, and arrive Denver 10:20 a
m.. September 26: leave Denver 8 a, m.,
September 27, and arrive Colorado Springs
In morning or afternoon. Route from Col
orado Springs east depends upon points
selected from that date.
— m.
I from a i>eor>le who are cf right free and inde-
I pendent. . •
: The struggle of men for freedom has everbeen
j I BtmsStt for oonstitutlonal liberty. There is no
liberty if the citizen has no right | which the.
Legislature may not invade, if he may be taxed
I by a Lf-gislatuie in which he is not represented
c.r if he Is not protected by fundamental law
¦gainst the arbitrary action of executive power.
The policy Of thp President offers the inhabit
ants of Porto Hieo, Hawaii and the Philippines
110 hopp r.f independpne.'. no prospect of Araerl-
I can citizenship, no constitutional protection no
j r. presentation on the Congress which taxes
j them. This is the government of men by arbi
trary power, without their consent; this is lm
| i-ori.^lii-m.
] There is no room under '.he free flag of Amer
ica fur subjects. The President and Congress,
who derive all their powers from the constiu
tlon. can govern no up without regard to its
limitations. ¦ '
We l«>lirve that the preatest safeguard of
liberty is a free rre?s and we demand that
th" censorship in the Philippine Islands, which
keejis from the American j.ocjile the knowl
eicp of what is done in trfelr name, be abol-
W> are entitled to know the truth and we
insiM. that the powers which the President
Ju.Ids !n m-?t for us shall be not used to sup
preea it.
Because wo thus believe, we oppose the re
flection of McKinloy. The supreme purpose
of the people in this momentous campaign
Fhould be to stamp with viieir final disapproval
his fcttera&t to srasp imperial power. A self-
JovwTunj people can have no more imperative
nr.ty than to drive from public life a chief
magistrate who, whether in weakness or of j
wicked purpose, !-.as used his temporary au
tborttjr to «i-bvert the character of their gov
tinnj.-,it ami destroy th«'ir national ideals.
1 we. therefore, in the belief that it is essen
t'al at ihis crisis for the American people sixain
to declare th°ir faith in the universal appli
cition of the Declaration of Independence and
to reassert their will thst their servants shall
not have, or exercise any powers whatever,
other than those conferred by the constitution,
earnestly make the following recommendations
to c.'Jr countrymen:
First— That without regard to their views on
any question? cf domestic policy they withhold
their votes from Mr. McKinley in order to
stamp with their disapproval what he ha* done,
second— That they vot» for those candidates
tor <_onr;ress. j n their respective districts, who
will op:kw« th- policy of imperialism.
While we welcome any other method of op
posing the re-election of Mr. McKinley we ad
vise direct raroort of Mr. Bryan as the most
TTecme means r.f crushing imperialism.
»« are convinced of Mr. Bryan's sinc-ri'y
a I'd of his earnest purpose to secure to the
I- llipinos their Independence. This position and
tM declarations contained in the platform of
his party on the vital issue of the campaign
m»et our unqualified approval.
We recommend that" 'the executive commit
» "I .. 'he American Anti-Expansion League
and its allied leagues continue and extend their
organizations, preserving the independence of
the. movement: and that they take the most
cample Wt. in. the pending political
fntil r.ow the policy which has turned the
Filipinos from warm friends to bitter enemies.
?J\ t s sIau S htp red thousands of them and
laid waste their country has been the policy
of the President. After the next election it
becomes the policy of every man who votes
to re-elect him and who thus becomes, with
afu'r 7h£i eVe " r> ' drPP ° f blood there-
The convention closed this evening with
T Trxvn ES f Tomlinson Hall by Charles
A. Towne of Minnesota. Mr. Towne was
dfence" '' & large and ent husiastlc ™-
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT'S
ITINERARY ANNOUNCED
NEW YORK, Aug. 16.-The Itinerary of
Governor Roosevelt In his coming speech
making tour of the West was given out
to-night. He will begin his speech-making
at Saratoga Springs on September 5, and
traveling westward, will speak at Al
tfany. Detroit, Mich., Grand Rapids, Mich
South. Bend, Ind., and Chicago, arriving
in the Illinois metropolis on Sunday morn
ing, September 9, and remaining there un
til late Monday night, when he will de
part for Milwaukee, La Crosse and other
Wisconsin points. From Wisconsin he
will pass through the Dakotas, arriving
at u- H u eI f na ' Mont - September 18, after
which he will be guided by the schedule
which follows:
Arrive Helena 11:55 a. m. on September
IS. via Northern Pacific; leave Helena
12:20 p. m.. September 19, via Great North
ern; arrive Butte 3:45 p. m.. September
IS; leave Butte 1:15 a. m.. September 20,
\la Oregron Short Line: arrive Pocatello
Liberty Congress of -the American League
Adopts a Platform Denouncing the
Policy of McKtnleg.
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. 16.— The Liberty
ConprPF.s of tho American League of
Antl-Imperlallsts to-day emphatically
Indorsed tho candidature of William
J. Bryan for President. Th? convention
did not adopt the platform as submitted
Unanimously by the resolutions committee
without a long and heated debate, but
writ n the previous question was ordered
lesa than a score could be marshaled to
vote against the Bryan indorsement. The
vote was viva roce and Its exact result
wi'i never bo known, but the sentimort of
th? < "invention w?« clearly shown as be
ing In favor cf the indorsement of Bryan
Ba the most effective manner of checking
The alleged irrpcrialistic policy of the ad
ministration.
The most vigorous opponents of the
Bryan pronouncement in 4he platform
were consplcnons members cf the "Na
tional" or third ticket convention, v?ho
were also admitted .is tleiegater- to the
unti-imixTialifitie congress. They were.
led by Thomas Osborne <if Auburn.
rc. Y.. nnd advocated the nomination cf a
third ticket on the theory that their fol
lowers, while opposed to President Mo
ICir.ley. v.ere not prepared to accept Mr.
Iiryan 0:1 the Kansas City platform.
Every mention of Mr. Bryan'? name in
the convention called forth enthusiastic
applause. Speakers who opposed tho
Uryan plank in the platform were re
ceived with Jeers and cries of "tlmo" from
the delegate*, and th& chairman at times
had difficulty in obtaining a hearing for
Them.
After the adoption of the resolutions in
dorsing Bryan the representatives of the
third party met in the assembly room of
The Commercial Club and selected Thomas
Osborne ot Auburn. X. V., for permanent
chairman and Everett V. Abbott of New
York for permanent secretary. A motion
was made and carried that the conven
tion be held in New York on September
5 for the -purpose of nominating: a ticket.'
It is puid that tho third party men to-day
offered the Presidential nomination to
Moorfiold Storey of .Massachusetts*, but
that Mr. Storey declined the honor.
William 1. Palmer of Colorado was re
ported to be their choice for Vice Presi
dent. The leaders of the movement said
to-nipht that they expected a large rep
resentation at the convention in New
York on September 5 and that candidates
lor President and Vice President would
purely then be nominated.
Secretary Mize of the Liberty Congress
to-day receive J a letter from William
IJoyd* Garrison of Boston pledging the
writer's support to Bryan.
At the afternoon session the debate on
the report of the resolutions committee
was resumed. M. E. Bridgeman of Mas
sachusetts offered a substitute Ktrikhi*?
cut all reference to Bryan in the plat
form. Judge Moses Hallett of Colorado.
that the Colorado delegation would
leave the city curing the afternoon, and
en his motion all those delegates who
were forced to leave the congress before
the taking of the vote were permitted to
record thfir votes on pending questions
1 c-fore leaving or to instruct proxies to
vote for them.
Ex-Congressman John B. White of Ken
tucky took exception to the language of
the resolutions, which said that "we wel
seae all means of defeating Mr. McKIn
ley. 1 ' He said it* was language like that
which caused t lie assassination of Goebel
tn Ker.Tucky. He Baid he always had been
a Republican, and objected to the appar
ent desire of the convention to transform
Ksr-lf into a Democratic convention.
Mr White charged that a portrait of
Bryan was concealed under an American
f'.ag ovi r the jlatform.
"Tak° down that covering over Bryan's
picture." he said. "Let us not masquerade
any longer; let the convention be known
lor what it is— a Democratic convention."
Then followed B running debate for and
against the amendment of Mr. Osborne
to strike out the indorsement of Mr. Bry
an. Those who opposed the amendment
find favored -the indorsement of Bryan
were William Potts of New York. Jacob
Jngenthron of Chicago. Fisk Warren of
Massachusetts. r>. u. Haskins of Massa
chusetts, James B. Howard of Harris
burg Pa.; A. M. Neff. of Ohio. Havid.
Rothschild of Massachusetts', N. E. Ouyot
t-f Colorado and Edwin Burritt Smith of
Chicago.
Trios* 5 who favored the amendment and
r<ppo<=<vi indorsf-mfiit of Bryan were Ralph
)l. Emerson <">f Massachusetts, a son of
Ralph WaMn Emerson: Robert A. Wilde
mann of Nett York, a dolfpat^ to the "In
-Vporidfm" or thinl ti<-kft ronvrntion, and
M E. Bridjrrman of Massachusetts.
Mr. Guyot of Colorado said he ha-1
F'-rvfri a year as a private F<">!dier in iho
Philippine?.- "To my own knowl^ge," he
Mid, "thessp operation? rarrif-d on by the
administration in the Philippines con<ti
tuf ihf most damnable crime in the his
tory of the United Slates. The Filipinos
assistf-d us to lard; they were in th-?
Tranches with us; they desired us to fir^
Upon the Spanish, and yet it is 5a:d th<^y
Mere not r.ur allies. They were our allies
and the entire record of the admfnistra
tion in the Philippine has been one of
trearhf-ry ¦ and deceit. Could you have
neea u 1 have seen the conditions in the
Philippines you would not hesitate a mo
ment to indorse W. J. Bryan."
In closing the debate Edwin B. Smith
anf-wert-d the charge of Mr. White of
Kentucky by payiriR th«"t he had no
knowledge of any portrait of Bryan in
Tom'.insun Ha!!. He s>ald the executive
committee had directed that all portraits
<>f all Hvinp men should be removed from
the ball before the meeting: of the con
prepp.
Before a vote was taken on the'amend
ment Mr. Ogborne accepted the substitute
of Mr. Bridjreman. which eliminated ill
reference to Mr. Bryan, and read as fol
lows:
"Without regard to views on minor
questions of domestic policy we welcome
and advise the use of all honorable
mean? of defeating- the re-election of
"William McKinlr-y in order to Ptamp with
our disapproval what he has done to es
tablish imperialism."
The robnitute was lost by an over
whelming majority, only fifteen voting
for it. The resolutions as reported were
then adopted, loss than a score of dele
pates rotlnx npainst them.
The following resolution, proposed ty
\V. S. Holden of Chicapo, w?.s added to
the platform ns reported:
"Rewired. That in declaring that the
principles of the Declaration of Indepen
dence apply to all men this congress
means to include the nc-jrro race In Amer
ica as w*-li as the Filipinos. We depre
caie all erTnrts. whether in the South or
in the North, to deprive the nepro or his
riprhtK as a citizen under the E>eolaratlon
cf Independence and constitution of the
i nlted States. "
H. J. Scott cf Cairo fpoke strofaely ir.
favor of the rf-solution, claiming that if
it was ignored Bryan would lose thou
sand? of nf-pro votes.
By a rising vote th-> congress adopted
a resolution expressing appreciation of
The services of George S. Bout well in the
cause of anti-imperial's-m
The platform as adopted is as follows-
This Liberty <^ngieys of anti-imperialipt*
TccfirrAzr* a creat national crisis which
menaces the republic upon whose future de
pends in Fuoh larre m*-afiire the hope -of f rM >
dan throughout the world. For the first time
in our country's history the PrrsMont has un
dertaken to Ftibjucate a foreign people and to
iu!» th«-m by despotic power. n« has thrown
!hc pr^tef-tion ot ifie American fl«K DV«r slavery
and polygamy tn the Sulu Inlands. He has ar
rrcated to himself the power to impose upen
the inhabitants of the Philippines Kovernment
without their consent and taxation without rer>
rrfrtatjon. He is wa«rin(? war upon them for
BfFFrtinj; the very principles for the mainte
nance of which our forefathers pledged their
lives, their fortune* and their sacred honor
He cla.ims for himf«elf »n<f Congress authority to
pevern the territories of the TJclted States With
out constitutional restraint. .We believe In the
I>ee!aratinn of Independence. Its truths, not
l»*s Mlf-evident to-day than when flr&t an
nounced by our fathers, cannot be ' abandoned
while government by the people endures.
We believe In the constitution of the. United
Ptates. It gives Congress certain limited pow
ers and secures to every man within the Juris
diction of our Goveninient certain essential
rights. V$> deny that either the President or
rongi-ess can povern any pereon anywhere out
side the .constitution.
TV> are absolutely opposed to., the ; policy of.
MeKinley which propose* to govern :rallljaiis. of.
men without their consent: •which In Porto Rico
taxation without representation and
rovernment by the arbitrary will of a Legis
lature unfettered by constltnttonaF'reStralnV
und in the Philippines prosecutes a- war.offcon
;ues-« And demands unconditional surrender '
BRYAN IS INDORSED BY
THE ANTI-IMPERIALISTS
COUNT VON WALDERSEE SPEAKS IN
HIGH TERMS OF AMERICAN TROOPS
THE SAK TKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 190O.
Uxoricide Is Threatened With Lynch
ing by Angry Farmers in '
the Vicinity.
PARIS, 111., Aug. 16-SydneyWhittice
who shot at his wife and killed his sister-'
lri-law .Miss Drennan. near Edinbursr
?nd who has been followed by a posse of
here to-day. He confessed to the crime
He is confined In jail under strong -uard
as (armors In the vicinity threaten i to
lynch him. ¦
WHITTICE IN JAIL
UNDER STRONG GUARD
%^T$^ troy "^™™
, SHANGHAI. Aug. 16.— Trie British trans
ports had sailed, but they ¦ wero recalled
RECALL OF TRANSPORTS: "
SHANGHAI, Aug.. 16.— The Shanghai
Gazette accuses the United States Con
sul, John Goodnow, of open complicity
with the Chinese.
2
C.HIHA MAKES ANOTHER EFFORT
TO STAY ADVANCE OF THE ALLIESDISCHARGED TEACHERS
WILL APPEAL TO COURTS
Barclay Henley of San Francisco is
president of the company. Papers in the
action were served on Superintendent Ma
combcr as he was starting for that city.
The complaint alleges that June 7. 1SS9.
Burdick asreed to deed his three claims
to the Acme Company, the owner of an
aiijoinirig claim, and to procure a con
tract of sale of the group from the latter
company to Stevens and Macomber for
CZs.OuO, payable in two years. The pur
chasers agreed to organize the Northwest
Alining Company with a capital stock of
fi- .000 shares, of which 33,333 shares should
/ ¦•; given to the plaintiff. The par value
*,i the shares is %\. He claims he has not
received the shares, hence the suit.
SPOKANE, Aus. 16.— E. B. Burflck, In
a complaint f.led in the local Superior
Court to-day, alleges that the Northwest
Mining Company of San Francisco is in
solvent. He brings suit against that com
pany and the Acme Mining Company of
Portland, of which W. H. Hurlburt. gen
eral passenger agent of the Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Company, is presi
dent, C. A. Macomber and W. F. Stevens.
He demands the invalidation of his deed
to the Acme Company and of the contract
of the latter company with Stevens, Ma
comber and the Northwest Mining Com
pany for the sale of the four Acme min
ing claims in this State.
tain Deeds.
It Is Insolvent and Demands
the Invalidation of Cer-
E. B. Burdick of Washington Alleges
SUES NORTHWEST
MINING COMPANY
golden rule and decalogue have no place
in American politics; the purification of
politics is an iridescent dream," brought
untold censure on him, but he defended
It to the last.
The success of the Populist movement
in Kansas was responsible for Ingalls' re
tirement to private life, the Populists
electing the whiskered Senator Peffer.
After his defeat Ingalls publicly admit
ted the Populists had many causes for
complaint, and made a play for Populist
support. Later, however, he returned to
the Republican party, and re-entered the
race for the Senate. His speech at the
State convention created great enthusi
asm. He began: "The snows of many
winters have whitened my hair, but the
fires of my early youth still burn in my
soul."
Ingalls was a polished orator and a
master of the English language. The last
few years of his life were devoted to lit
erature. His writings are classics. In
the rooms of the State Historical Society
in the State House there is an Ingalls al
cove filled with literary contributions
from the famous ICansan.
SKETCH OF THE CAREER
OF THE LATE SE2TATOB
John James Ingalls came of good old
New England stock, his original American
ancestor, Edmund Ingalls, having been
the first settler of Lynn, Mass., and the
male members of his family having pre
formed distinguished services in the
French and Indian wars, the Revolution
and the war of 1812. His father was a.
native of Mlddleton, Essex County, Mass.,
where John J. was born December 29,
1S33.
His early education was by private In
struction and in the school3 of Haverhill.
Mass. He later entered Williams Col
lege, from which he was graduated in 1855.
Upon leaving college he began the study
of law and was admitted to the bar in
1S57. The following year he removed to
Atchison, Kans., where he attained great
professional success, and by reason of his
strong personality and his vigorous meth
ods, soon became prominent In politics.
He was sent as a delegate In 1S53 to the
Wyandotte convention, which framed the
first State constitution for Kansas. In
l&CO he was Secretary of the Territorial
Council, in 1SC1 Secretary of the State
Senate and in 1862 State Senator. In that
year he was a candidate for Lieutenant
Governor on the Republican ticket, but it
was defeated. He then took up Journal
ism and for three years was the editor of
the Atchison Champion and at the same
time served on the staff of the militia.
After another unsuccessful trial for the
place of Lieutenant Governor in 1884 he
settled down for the next nine years to
law and journalism.
In 1873 he was elected to the United
Etates Senate as a Republican, taking his
seat March 4, and was re-elected to the
same in 1879 and 18S5, serving eighteen con
eecutive years.
Few Senators had a stronger hold on
popular favor and the Senate chamber
was always filled to overflowing 'when it
was known that he ¦was to speak. From
his first entrance into politics Mr. Ingalls
was a prominent figure and exerted a
positive Influence in the trend of events of
his time. A pioneer on advanced lines of
thought, gifted with a vividlty of por
trayal and powerful eloquence, a master
of satire and Invective, widely read and
keenly observant, and so able to illumine
every theme with knowledge and experi
ence, he was ever the fchampion of any
cause that ho espoused. His great speech
on the "cloture resolution" of 1890 will
long be remembered for the self-reliant
courage with which, against partv pres
sure, he maintained a fearless and per
sistent opposition to a measure which he
believed Invaded the privileges of the
Senate and violated the fundamental prin
ciples of constitutional government.
From 1883 to 1S91 ho was President pro
tern, of the Senate and in that high sta
tion displayed the utmost courtesy. Im
partiality and' dignity and proved himself
to be a thorough master of parliamentary
law and procedure.
After his retirpment from the Senate in
1S91 Mr. Ingalls devoted himself to farm
ing, journalism and literature, articles
from his pen being frequently seen in the
dally press, as well as In the high-class
magazines. He was married In 18C5 to
Miss Anna L. Cheeseborough of New
Tork City, by whom he had eleven chil
dren, four sons and seven daughters.
WOODMEN OF" WORLD HEAR
ENCOURAGING REPORTS
Falkenberg- at the Salt Lake
Convention.
Ovation Tendered Head Councilor
SALT LAKE, Aug. 16.— The Woodmen
of the "World spent the morning listening
to the report of Head Councilor Falken
berg, whlch % was begun yesterday after
noon.*This report shows that the order Is
in a very flourishing condition' and that
the Pacific Jurisdiction is Increasing in
membership rapidly. At the conclusion of
the address Head Councilor Falkenberg
received an ovation and was obliged to
answer to the good will of the brethren.
He says that he would rather have the
love of the 50,000 boys of the West who are
members of the order than to have $1,000.
000.
At the afternoon session telegrams were
read from the Governor of Oregon, the
Mayor and Chamber of Commerce of
Portland asking that the next Head Camp
session be held In Portland. Chairman
Hawley of Salem, Or., read the biennial
report of the board of head managers,
which showed that one- assessment per
month Is ample • to meet all the demands
on the benefit fund.
The report of the committee on laws
and grievances was considered until ad
journment. This evening the local and
visiting Woodmen Joined in -a. street pa
rade. .
The Women of Woodcraft did nothing
but receive the report of , the board .of
grand managers, ¦which showed 1 that the
Jurisdiction . was ;¦ In 5 a fine • condition ¦ and
was receiving a hearty growth. • The I aft
ernoon was devoted' to the introduction of
resoluilons« "
EAST J-AS VEGAS, W. il., AUg. IB.—
United States Senator John J. In
galls died at 2:15 o'clock this morn
ing at the Montezuma Hotel, Las
Vegas Hot Springs. His remains
were started for Atchison, Kans., his late
home, this afternoon, accompanied by
Mrs. Ingalls and their youngest son, Shef
field. The body will arrive in Atchison
Friday afternoon and the funeral will be
held from the old homestead on Sunday
afternoon. In accordance with a special
request of Senator Ingalls every feature
cf the funeral will be simple. The body
will be taken from the Ingalls residence
to Trinity Church Sunday afternoon,
where episcopal services will be read by
Bishop Millspaugh. The Interment at
Mount Vernon will be private. No funeral
sermon will be preached and there will
be nothing in the nature of a public dem
onstration.
The .direct cause of death was bron
chitis. Senator Ingalls had been growing
weaker for some time from Inability to
assimilate his food and there were also
heart complications. He had been able
to sit up last evening, however, and his
condition then was /considered slightly
better. He had made all plans to leave
for Atchison, where he had expressed a
wish to die. and it was intended to start
not later than Saturday- next. Of the
Senator's last hours Sheffield Ingalls said
to-day:
"Father was taken suddenly worse a lit
tle after 9 o'clock last evening. The med
ical director of the hotel informed us that
my father was not likely to live unltl
morning. I left his side at midnight and
retired to my room for a short rest. My
mother, whom he desired not to leave his
side, came to my door about 2 o'clock this
morning ar.d told me that the end was
near. Soon after he !ost consciousness
and passed peacefully away. He talked
to us up to a. half hour before he died
and repeated the Lord's prayer with my
mother some time before he lost con
sciousness. His conduct all through his
illness has been one of great fortitude.
He was anxious for the end to come, a?
he had felt for the last six months that
his life work and career of usefulness
was over."
Senator Ingalls' Illness dates from
March, 1SS9. when at Washington his
throat began troubling him. He occu
pied apartments at the hotel with his
family and worked steadily writing polit
ical articles for newspapers throughout
the country. He was treated by several
specialists, but received no relief, and
on their advioe returned with his family
to Atchison. At home lie grew no better
though under the constant attention of a
specialist. Ten months ago he again took
the advice of physicians and sought an
other change in climate, traveling
through New Mexico and Arizona. He
was still able to write occasionally for
the newspapers and to attend to his busi
ness affairs. From time to time reports
of his serious illness were circulated, but
they were invariably denied, both by the
Senator ar.d his family. He did not con
sider his case hopeless by any means.
?,? °» nly A» tw .? mon , l T hs "Z° Panned to re
turn to Atchison. His youngest son, Shef-
JJeld. met him at Las Vegas, but as the
£££?££££ °i co " 9Ulta -V on of Physicians he
remained in New Mexico. Th.e son »•?
turned to Kansas and ilrs. Ingalls went
Immediately to Las Vegas and has since
remained at her husband's side. On Au-
S^ st 1 T t,, Mrs - Ingalls telegraphed for her
sor.s Ellsworth and. Sheffield that their
£2 e f r ,,?' a ? 6i T nkin S and the y t0 °k the
next train for Las Vegas.
THE LATE JOHN J. INGALLS.
Slinkey. after his conviction, was taken
'.i charge by Constable R. Garrlty and
I'-as to be brought to the jail here, but
j -ked to be allowed to go to bed until
KOber. He was placed in the Ryan House,
and v:hen next seen was in his death
Btrusgles. Slinkey was well known
throughout this county.
The cause of his last and successful ef
fort this afternoon was a trial before
Jiidge Belrude of Sausalito last night on
ii charge of disturbing the peace. This
inornxng when he appeared for sentence
he was fined $10, and when he used vio
lesg language to the court he was fined
I.' for contempt.
The nieht before last a. man named
Ross was having a little dispute
with his wife, and Slinkey, who
was a deputy Marshal. went to
the house to quell the disturbance. The
woman threw him down the steps and he
retired and procured a warrant for her
arrest. Not to be outdone, she got a
¦warrajit for Slinkey's arrest for disturbing
the peace. At the trial both were con
¦\-icted. the woman, Annie Ross, being
lined $5.
Some years ago a murder was commit
ted here, and the authorities were look
ing for the murderer. Slinkey went to
the Sheriff's office and surrendered him
self as The murderer. It afterward turned
out that he knew nothing about the crime
.:nd was only recovering from the effects
of a debauch.
In late years Slinkey has met with many
reverses of fortunes, and has often at
tempted to commit suicide. About two
months ago he jumped from the steamer
Sausalito when she was about half way
across the bay going to Sausalito. He
was rescued with much difficulty. At that
time ne said he would kill himself, but
that he would not try to drown himself,
as his two attempts had failed. His pre
vious attempt at suicide was made from
the ftfterdeck of a steamer lying at her
dock in Sausalito. At that time he was
rescued by his faithful dog, which pulled
h'm out of the water.
SAX RAFAEL. Aug. 16.— Dan Slinkey,
A' e poundmaster of Sausalito, committed
". icide this afternoon at about 4 o'clock
at the R^-an house in that town. The
Coroner was notified and went to Sausa
lito and held an inquest. The jury re
turned a verdict of death from an over
dose of morphine taken with suicidal in
tent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bay, and on One Occasion Was
Rescued by His Dog,
Has Twiw Thrown Himself Into the
HIS THIRD ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE
Sausalito Poundmaster Car
ries Out an Oft Re
peated Threat
DAN SLINKEY
ENDS HIS LIFE
WITH POISON
PEACEFUL DEATH OF
EX-SENATOR INGALLS
On July 23, 1900, King shot and killed S.
H. Church near Two Rock Marln County.
His business is that of piano and organ
tuner and cleaner. He has traveled ; all
about the State, accompanied by his wife,
with a team, plying his trade, living the
past two years in Sonoma. Napa, Hum
boldt and Marln counties. In 1S95 he lived
in Los Angeles and San Bernardino coun-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO, Aug. 16.— J. E. King, wanted
for the murder of S. H. Church In Marln
County last month, is still a fugitive from
justice. For weeks Sheriff's posses have
followed his trail over a mountainous
country and through almost inaccessible
passes, but he has shrewdly eluded his
pursuers. Worn out men have ridden tired
horses into surrounding towns and others
have taken their places in the man-hunt,
but apparently to no purpose.
Posters have been printed and freely
distributed throughout the State giving a
full description of King. A reward of $300
for his capture is offered by the Governor
and his family adds $200 more to this sum.
He is described as follows:
Ago 41), weight about 140 pounds, height
5 feet 8 inches, complexion fair, high
cheek bones, drawn, thin face; light col
ored eyes: sandy mustache, may be shaven
now; had a scar on one cheek, having the
appearance of being caused by a burn In
childhood— not very noticeable; wore dark
colored suit of clothes, white shirt and
black derby hat; may have changed
clothes; wore nearly new pair pointed-too
shoes; walks with limp, as if knee was
stiff. . •• -
REWARD FOR THE
CAPTURE OF KING
BODY FOUND IN
THE RUINS OF A
BURNED BUILDING
MOKELUMXE HILL. Aug. 18.—
Fire broke out in the building oc
cupied by a French shoemaker
named Charles Ley In the town of
"West Point last night about mid
night and in a short time his build
ing, the residence of J. C. Allen and
Flander's livery stable 'were in
ashes.
Several horses, buggies, harness,
wagons and a large quantity of hay
and grain were consumed. The loss
Is at least $5000.
In the morning the charred re
mains of Ley were found In the
ashes of his building. Nothing but
the trunk of the body remained.
How the fire started Is not known,
but It Is generally reported that
Ley had threatened to commit sui
cide and during a spell of mental
aberration fired his own house,
choosing this method of ending his
existence.
DELEGATES NOMINATED.
Enthusiastic Meeting of Republicans
at Santa Cruz.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 16.— The McKlnley
and Roosevelt Club meeting at the Lower
Masonic Hall last evening was a very en
thusiastic one. H. E. Cox presided. It
•was decided to join the Stale Republican
League. A rousing speech was made by
W*. H. Aiken of Skyland.
The following were nominated as dele
gates to attend the State. Congressional
and Senatorial conventions: San Lorenzo
district— H. F. Kron. Bnunlforto— W. H.
Galbralth. G. H. Curtis. C. Hoffman. Sea
side—C. E. Lindsay. II. S. "Wanzer. II. I>.
Smith. Delegates to the county conven
tion were also nominated.
Much enthusiasm was manifested In re
gard to the drill corps. A good sum of
money was subscribed for the purchase of
uniforms. The corps will meet to-morrow
evening, at which time a tailor will be
present to take measurement for uni
forms.
Retail Grocers Meet.
TACOMA, Wash.. Aug. 16.— The retail
grocers of tho State met in convention
here to-day, perfected an organization,
and appointed James Gregg of Seattle
and W. F. Saul of Tacoma dele.ga.tes to
the national convention at Detroit.
were about the big building. Th« eleva
tor had made its upward trip with a load
of trays and had evidently started to de
scend without being unloaded. It Is sup
posed that by mistake the boy started the
machinery which sent<the elevator down
ward, catching him between its frame
and pinning him to the floor, breaking
his neck. Death was instantaneous.
Deceased was the son of John Zollars,
a well-known blacksmith of tfcl3 city,
who is now In Nome, Alaska.
Strikers May "Win Out.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Aug. 16.— Although
It Is currently reported that the strike of
tho Canadian Pacific Railway machinists
and allied unions is about settled, no defi
nite news has yet been received from
Winnipeg, and It is stated on good au
thority that none of the men will go to
work before next Monday. In "Winnipeg
to-day the and allied mechan
ics had a meeting with Mechanical Su
perintendent Cross and Master Mechanic
Orr. It la stated that the schedules de
manded by the men will be granted, by
the company.
MRS. SLOVINSKI
DEPABTS FROM
LOS ANGELES
Final Chapter in the Un
savory Proceedings
Is Ended.
DISPUTED NOTES- DESTROYED
Criminal Prosecution Dismissed, Civil
Suit Will Be, and Probate Pro
ceedings Over . the Bail
Are All That Remain.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
t LOS ANGELES, Aug. 16.— The end of
tho disgraceful Slovinskl case has been
reached and it Is probable that the ilat
of the unsavory business has been heard
of In Los Angeles. Mrs. Slovinski, with
her child, has left the State, criminal
prosecution has been dismissed, the civil
suit will be and the only thing remaining
will be- the proceedings in the probate case
growing out of the $1500 cash ball de
posited In Justice Austin's court, and as
the special administrator is one of the
Slovinski lawyers it is hardly possible
anything will ever become public as to
the final disposition of that fund.
The two notes for $15,000 alleged to have
been signed by Maines at the point ~of a
pistol have been destroyed; in fact were
destroyed before the criminal prosecution
was dismissed and that really settled the
whole matter.
At the meeting between Varlel, Mes
erve, Maines and Moss Monday the notes
were burned in the presence of all parties.
Later the criminal prosecution was dis
missed, It being understood that the civil
suit would also be dismissed. It was
agreed among all the parties that what
took place at this meeting should be con
fidential and should never t>e disclosed un
der any circumstances. But, as in all
cases of this kind, everything has como
out, although It has been somewhat, de
layed. It may safely be assumed that
Mrs. Slovlnskl will never again be seen
In Los Angeles.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffices Established, Postmasters
Commissioned, Postal Changes
and Pensions Granted. :
Special Dlscatch to The Call. ,
WASHINGTON, Aug. 16.— A postofflce
has been established at Defender, Amador
County. Solomon Butler Is postmaster.
The postofflce at Harrison, Mason Coun
ty, Wash., has been discontinued. Mail
Is sent to Dewatto.
Postmasters commissioned: California —
Thomas G. Perry, Oriental; Alphonse E.
Sondag, Vlneburg.
Oregon— Richard Struckmeyer, Thomas.
The following postoffices i will become
Presidential ofllces October 1: Campbell,
Cal., salary postmaster, $1000; Cottage
Grove, Or., salary. $1200; Sedro, Wooley,
"Wash., salary, $1100.
Congressman Ix>ud was to-day notified
by the Postoffice Department that rural
free delivery will be established at Gilroy.
Santa Clara County, Cal., September L
Similar service will be established at "Wat-
Bonville, Cal., December 1.
The Comptroller of the Currency has
approved the application of William C.
Murdock. R. B. Murdock. C. Q. Benedict,
W. H. Martin and E. Preston for author
ity to organize tho National Bank 6t Com
merce In San Francisco, capital $250,000.
The following pensions have been grant
ed: California — Original — Orrin S. "VVent
worth, San Francisco, $6; Alden H. Flint,
Sacramento, 56: Robert Alford, Lakeside,
$6. Supplemental— Lemuel Baldwin, Moke
lumoe Hill, $4. Original widow— Anne E.
Collls, Brentwood. $12.
Oregon — Increase — Thomas Johnson,
Portland, $8.
Washington— Original— James T. Goss,
Vancouver, $6.
REUNION OF PIONEERS.
Stories of Early Days Retold and an
Entertainment Enjoyed at
Capitola.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAXTA CRUZ, Aug. IS.— Capitola was
the rallying place of pioneers from over
the entire county to-dzry. This Is a day
of days among them, it being their annual
reunion, and gray-haired pioneer fathers
and mothers gathered at Capitola and
talked over experiences and reminis
cences.
At 11 o'clock they met at the hall,
¦which had been elaborately decorated.
Judge Smith delivered the oration and the
following programme was rendered: Mu
sic, orchestra: vocal solo, Mrs. E. Kerlln;
recitation, Mrs. George Otto Jr.: contralto
solo, Miss Anna Linscott; quartet, Mrs.
H. S. Wanzer, Miss Anna Linscott, Frank
Mattlson, George Chittenden; music, or
chestra.
F. A. Hihns celebrated his seventy-flrst
birthday, and at noon the pioneer fathers
and mothers gathered at a grand dinner
given by him at his hostelry, the Hotel
Capitola.
In the afternoon there was a- reunion
and at the rink dancing was enjoyed.
FORESTERS' CONVENTION.
Program -me for the Five Days at
Santa Cruz Prepared.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 16.— High Chief
Ranger G. A. McElfresh of Los Angeles
has been here, and with the members of
the . local court outlined the programme
for the high court of the Independent
Order of Foresters, which will be held in
this city. It Is. as follows:
Tuesday— Arrival of delegates : concert by
Hastlnes Band from the St. George balcony
from 7:30 to 8:30 p. m., to-be followed by a re
ception at the opera house, at which time the
address of welcome will be made by Mayor
Parker, the response to be by High Chief llan-
Ber Q. A. McEUresh of Los Angeles. There
will also be a musicals and literary pro
gramme.
Wednesday morning— Grand parade of High
Court and all visiting Foresters.
In the evenlns the grand ball will be elven
at the armory, at which time refreshments are
to be served. ' .
Thursday evening will be devoted to the con
ferring the Oriental degree.
Friday — Excursion to the big trees and Boul
der Creek. At Boulder Cr«?ek the guests are
to be entertained by Court Wild wood at a bar
becue.
Says Tanzer Was Her Fatner.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 16.— Proceedings to
day In the matter of the application of
Vlriginla D. Hutchlngs of San Francisco
for letters of administration on the estate
of her alleged father, Albert Tanzer, were
interesting. Mrs. Hutchings claims posi
tively that she Is a daughter and backs
up her claim by letters written her by
Tanzer and by entries in tho family Bible.
Tanzer always claimed that his nearest
relative -lived. In' Germany. Mrs. Hutch
ings says her father and mother were
married at sea. The case was not con
cluded. ¦ .
Gives Himself Up.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 16.— Isaac Price,
who claims to have embezzled $200 from
an electric light company in Syracuse, X.
Y.. while acting as collector, about eight
een months ago. to-day visited . police
headquarters and gave himself up. Price
states that since he left Syracuse he has
put in his time dodging the authorities
and that he is worn out and ready- to
take what tho charge may, give him.
Shot a Burglar.
GAZELLE/; Aug.' 16.— An unknown " man
broke Into the Denny Bar, store last night,
but before ; he could secure any, booty he
was discovered by Clerk Houston, who
had been sleeping In the- building. The
burglar . . at' once -left ¦ the. store ,\ and
Houston gave . pursuit.":-. He fired several
shots at the fleeing man. One took effect
in his head, Inflicting a slight wound, and
he at once surrendered.
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1900.
J. E. KING. THE MAHTN
COUNTY MURDERER, FOH
WHOSE CAPTURE A LIBERAL
REWARD IS'OFFERED.
ties. In 1894 he lived at Table Bluff, Hur
boldt County.
Young Zollars had been employed at the
cannery for some time and his work was
tending to the elevator. He was en
gaged at the noon hour and few people
SAN JOSE, Aug. 1C— John Zollara. a
14-year-old boy employed at the cannery
of the San Jose Fruit Packing Company
on San Carlos street, near the narrow
gauge railroad, met a tragic death at
noon to-day. In some unaccountable
manner his head became caught in an el
evator frame and when discovered he was
lying on the floor, dead, with his neck
broken. Ho was pinned In this position
by a portion of the frame of the elevator,
used in hoisting cans and trays from one
floor to another. ,
Who Was Employed in a San
Jose Cannery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sad Accident to Little John Zollaxs,
BOY MEETS DEATH
IN AN ELEVATOR
Fpedal Dlsnatch to The Call.
,J?Z E1 f A ' Kans - AU S- 36--When In
ISC Kansas was the bone of contention
between the Xorth and the South and
was the scene of the horrible guerrilla
warfare John J. Ingalls, then a young
man. was attracted hither. His dream
was to build a State. For nearly half a
hSSl he^ h , as taken a P r °mme.nt part
In State affairs. Kansas owes much to
mm. ir e i s tne author of tho present con
stitution of Kansas. Although only 26
Btitutlon was adopted without chan K e as
It came from Ingalls' pen He also de
auufor f^ 2? th - e tate an^ wal the"
author of the State's motto. "Ad astri
per aspera," meaning "To the sta^
through diniculties." , stars
Ingalls' election to the United States
Senate was an accident. S. C. Pomeroy
was Senator and was a candidate for Ye
election. The opposition had been unable
to unite on any one man and Pomeroy 1 !
election was conceded. Ingalls. who was
known as a promising young lawyer and
orator, had hardly been mentioned for the
Senate. On the morning the Legislature
was taking its final vote, Senator York
arose from his seat and charged Pome
roy with having given him $7000 for his
vote, lork walked forward and laid the
money on the Speaker's stand. It was a
thrilling scene. Pomeroy's friends de
serted him. Some one suggested Ingalls'
name, and the members of the Legisla
ture stampeded td him with a whoop
After the vote had been taken York rushl
ed toward Ingalls with outstretched
hands, his face wreathed in smiles. In
galls refused the proffered hand, gave
him a look of withering scorn and turned
his back upon the Senator, who. although
making Ingalls' election possible^ had de
serted his ¦ friend Pcmeroy.
Ingalls ha«J many acquaintances but
few warm f fiends. He was cold and un
approachable. While In the Senate he
had many followers, but they were such
through fear— not friendship. Ingallf»
never forgot nor forgave. He never lost
an opportunity to humiliate those who
crossed or oppressed him. His weapons
•were invective and sarcasm, and in their
use he was master. Perhaps the most
famous reproach ever made by Ingalls
was his answer to Voorhles In the Senate.
His expression In Senate, "The
CHABACTEBISTICS OF .THE
NOTED KANSAS STATESMAN
Killed a Bear.
OiXK-iai Uispatch to The Call
A^ D ' , AU?- 16-^ message vas
recehed to-day from the Brownell nartv
bfow'n \!^V. tg?&£!!e&&
had been killed in that county for manv
years. Dr. Brownell fired several ThSS
before he succee^^n_a^patch1nff brum
Instnictor at Mount
Tamalpais.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 16.-Captain George
E. Bare has been, detailed by the Secre
tary of War as professor of military sci
ence and tactics at Mount Tarnain-T/s
3iilltary Academy. ™l lamalpala
San Pedro Passenger and Santa Mon
ica Flyer Come Together.
Special Dbsttcb to The Call.
LOS A2CGELE8J Aug. 16.— The Southern
Pacific-San Pedro passenger train into
this* city and the .outward bound Santa
Monlc* flyer collided to-night at Santa
?l,v, C L Junction lnsl(1 e dty limits.
IJoth enmn.-s were wrecked, but none of
2rVn« P ;' U T rl P rs wore injured. The en-
hi.TuV^ F n nt ? M °ni<-a train Jumped
ml- n , f " ll3rllrae was broken. The
wl?l t f ° U V raIns clal ™ the semaphore
of way m> t h^»n tho right
COLLISION AT LOS ANGELES.
Claim That the San Jose School Board
Removed Them for Political
Reasons.
Siw>rfal Dispatch to The Call.
6AN JOSE, Aug. 16.— A number of the
teachers who were dropped by the city
Board of Education a couple of months
ago intend to carry the matter of their
dismissal Into the courts. It Js held that
under the charter the teachers shall be re
tained in thfir positions unless there is
jrond cause for their dismissal, and these
tf-achors maintain the board had no
ground for dismissing them, but did so
merely to make room for others who were
barked by strong political pulls.
Preparatory to bringing- suit Miss Fan
rii*- Stockton filed a demand on the Board
of Kducatlon last rilg;ht for her salary of
ICO :<;r the month of July. Miss Lois Peck
ham, v.ho was principal of the Lowell
Behoof filed a like demand for S1O). and
Mrs. Frances C. Sawyer one of $100 for
salary as teacher of the High School. It
is Fjiid Miss Stockton will begin suit at
on'e and the Others will await th*» deci
sion in her case. The demands were re-
It rrerl to a committee.
A jrear apo Mis=s Stockton was dismissed
<g» sSmMar ground!?, and on threaten-
| r ? to bring^ suit the board reinstalled
:"r and j>aid her palary for several
Months s=he had lost through the dis
missal. Teachers will watch the outcome
of the case w:th interest.
3
1#J1 Our alterations are progressing rapidly — ifep
i|ji looks as if two weeks more would see them mm
W0M finished. When they are done our Remodel- I£?i
B&lj ing Sale will end. We will havq^a lot of new |£j|
IP! goods in them to talk about, but, of course, WfM
i:&SS y S° at regular prices. ,. • skisi
i£:|| Now we are selling sack suits at half- |jf|£§
if?l P rice — two ' ots °^ c heviots are going for one- i^l
pSl half of what they used to. Consider this. pSl
if? I Do you think that you can afford to miss this %0§
1^1 chance when four bits buys a dollar's worth? i£|
ili Ready-Made Suits „ Fa ™y Ho ? e u 111
|i'.j;-Bl j • ii \ t_ - *• Here s the Diggest hose bar-
S&l - u? A" de- we ever ad> s ea mless mm
pyi s J rable P^erns, sold once for £ aIbri g ga n, fast-colored, fancy BS I
mm $I2 ' 5 ° ; pncenow hose fall colors in new stripe/; W^M
W.f} f M $5 gc some round, some up and down. j£jj:.-;; v.
ll'^'il *' * They run from quiet colors to
B'^'H Fancy cheviots . good mate- what is termed "very loud." |j;;-;;|
W£m rial, pleasing patterns, worth They look like 50c hose, but we 3
PM:H -Sk-oo; while they last will sell them for S^vS
gpi Made'to-OrderSuits^ 11 " 60^ 0^-^ ' w '"" |;§|
p|v4;.|l| Previous to this sale we were *•-¦ ' v. v .- J^E
H£?||i selling some $13. <jo and $i£.oo Shirts 6*^
'S&gi suits, which were taking well at 11U l5 IS';*
fl^'H these prices. Now you can get Garner's percale shirts in the :
Mfrm the very same suits for very latest designs just arrived ; g;//.|
B-&E9 £ worth $1.00 and $1.25 ; sale price | ££• g
|p;|! Youths' Suits ~ ; P'.^-p
iP'-flf Odds and ends in sizes and **«.».,» e : .W' : I
m& 1 patterns ; all sizes represented, Soft and stiff hats in the pre- $:'?:• i
li<7-I li birt not in any one pattern; vailing colors and popular shapes % ••* ?•« f
."H55B worth $7.50, $8.00 and ,#900; —hats that some stores sell for | : i5j
m£< 1 now reduced to $1.50 ; our price i'S'S
il^"ih $5*85 a suit ooc l-? :# 1sIt looks a« if.Dr. C.C. O'Donnell Is I
ing to be the next Congressman from the I
Fourth. He is the man wo "need In the
next Congress. •
Tommy Ryan, the middle-weight cham
pion {pugilist, arrived last night from
Denver,- accompanied by -his wife and
Jack Jeffries. He will bepin training at
once for his match with Jack Moffatt.
Ryan looks well and . says he feels Che
same. Moffatt ho: characterizes as a
dangerous: man.' - ,
TOMMY RYAN ARRIVES
: WITH JACK JEFFRIES
PEORIA. 111.. Aug. 17.— A brief message
from SmlUjflvM. a town of 1200 people In
Fulton ,Count>\ at 1 o'clock this morninp,
announced that sixteen buildings had
betn destroyed by. lire and the flames were
then beyond control.
Destroyed by Fire.
2:14 clat>F. trot, purse $1500 (unfinished)— Xell
uwynofiwca peennd and third heats in 2:»li.
Z:14»>,. Mpger Jack won the first heat in 2:14U
Dot Miller. Dainty DalTo, Alice Barnes, Iriso
and Teto IJ also started.
2:13 tmt, iiurse $1.V*> (postponed from yeyter
a«T)—Lody r;«>raldine won the second third
nnd fourth heats In 2:11V,, 2:15. 2:14. Frank
trainer won the lirst heat In 2:11%. ilacgle
AndfTKon, Perriot. Winifred and Bow Reut also
started.
2:'i clas?, pnclni?, purse Jlfloo-FearchllKht
won second »nrt fourth heat* In 2:07'4, 2:06>A
Annoonna won the third heat In 2:Mi4. Franic
BogaFh won the first heat in 2:07. Chehalls
GLENS FALLS, N. Y., Aug. 1C.-A
heavy tra^k and lowering Fkies -caused a
postponement r.f to-day's meeting until 4
o'clock, at which time the unfinished 2:19
trot, postponed from yesterday, was
called. Lady Gcraldine won the two
necessary heats handily, with Frank
Cracmcr second. The 2:04 pace, the event
of, the moot and day, was next called and
furnished a raci- unparalleled on the local
track. Frank Uogash took the first heat.
Searchlight the second and Anaconda the
favorite In the betting, the third each
heat bting in a driving finish. The fourth
was the foaturo of the day. Tho three
racers went to the half as one horse, and
tho result was not apparent until they
reached tho last of the homestretch when
Searchlight forged ahead, with Anaconda
a length behind and Hogash at his wheel
The track was easily, a full four seconds
f=low. Had it been in Its usual condition
remarkable time would have been posted
116 quarters wer^
Nigger Jack has one heat and Nell
Gwynnc two in the 2:14 trot, which has
been postponed until to-morrow on ac
count of darkness. Summary:
DETROIT, Auff. 16.— Results at Highland
Park:
'Seven furlorio?. selling— Fcpsy F won, Pas
raic second, Viola K third. Tirne, 1 :2H'4.
I'our and a half furlonirs — Lady Kdlth won
T<iad Ilalney second, Siroicister third. Time,
Fix furlongs— Terminus won. Sweet Caporal
«?eond. <"hcrry Head third. Time, 1 :13>4.
One mil*, pplllnc— Lady of the West won.
Baffled second. Magog third. Time, l:42',i-
Six furlonps, wiling— I*ft Bower won.' Xan
ey Till Nooad, Rejr Kalaz.ar third. Time, 1:15.
Six furloncs, flllnp — Jucoma won, Sackben
second, Qufen Anne third. Time, 1:15.
Splllnir, six and a half furlongs— Free I.,ady
£, On> L * M ascotta second, Chemisette third.
Time ?'"3y Venner eecona ' Eangamoa third.
One mile— Kitty Clyde won, Terry Ramrer
MeonO, WalJeck third. Tim*-. l:44*i~.
SfllinB-. six furlonps— Orleans won, Sefthlnjr
spoon-1. Qtnek Range third. Tlmi>, 1:16%
Fix furlonps— Lovlnjr Cup won, St. Cuthbcrt
ewnnd. TrlsrilUa third. Tim*. 1:15. v ' ulnDcrt
Fflllnfi-. mile and a sixteenth— Colonel Oay
•won. Chorus Boy. second, Pinar "del Kio third.
Time, lcSO 1 ,^.
"That is all we want," said Mr. Wllkle
yesterday. "Any one can readily see that
it would be useless for us, as eight-hour
mills, to, try to compete with outside fac
tories that are running nine, ten and
twelve hours a day. Give us the protec
tion asked and we will' accede to the re
quest for eight hours. Should the eight
hours be granted without this protection
1 predict that at least twenty-five of the
plants now running would bo forced to
the wall. My mill, lor one, would ha,ve to
be put on the market."
Sir. Wilklo's statement Is eijrnlflcant In
that it Indicates that' the mill-owners are
now for the lirst- time ready I to meet the
men in a proposition. According to Mr.
Crocker,' 'the agreement which the own
ers would now like to havei the men ac
cept was originally proposed: by the coun
clf, but a month before tho time came
for a' final settlement they backed down.
President McCarthy of the Building
Trades Council in reply to this statement
paid last evening: 'The Building Trades
Council feels tsatlslled that all branches
of the building Industry can be run on au
eight-hour basis. The contractors are
also satisfied that eight hours are long
enough for any man to work on a build
ing. That being the case, the mill-own
ers will llnd no difficulty In bringing to
their aid the hearty co-operation of all
the men Interested in the bUIldlng busi
ness. Under those conditions work com
ing from a nine-hour establishment can
be located so easily and prevented so
readily that it willnot take long to stop
the-entire output of nine-hour mills.
"The mill-owners will then have a fair
field to rtgurein. There will be no un
due advantage taken and all will havethe
same show. The contractors In this par
ticular case are Just as anxious to bring
these conditions about as ; are the mill
owners and when the mill-owners co-ope
rate with the other institutions .which are
now. and have been for some time, en
deavoring to bring about' the uniform
eight-hour day, they will have consider
able more -work, to do than'' heretofore.
But previous to • these conditions being
brought about ¦ the ' contractor ¦ must cer
tainly be protected. His Interests must
be carefully guarded and when they are,
he. like all: other ..business me,n, will see
that it is to ' his , advantage : to > have the
•work done In San Francisco.-. These are
The trouble between the planing mill
owners and employes is rapidly nearing
an end. According to several prominent
owners. It but remains .for , tho mlllmon
to give a satisfactory. guarantee that they
will hold to their original proposition and
the demand for an eight-hour workday
will be granted. This : original . proposi
tion, according to Andrew 'WJlkle, Wil
liam Crocker and other mill proprietors,
was to the effect thajt ,lf the eight-hour
plan was accepted the I,abor Council
would protect the mills from outside com
petition.
Want Council to Guarantee
Protection From Outside
Factories.
MILL OWNERS
READ Y TO GIVE
IN TO EMPLOYES
The trial of Charles G. Adams for the
murder of Edgar S. Kepner on February
10 last was continued before Judge Lawlor
yesterday. The motive for the crime has
been made clear. All of the witnesses
agree that Adams shot Kepner for re
venge. Kepner discharged Adams for ln
competency, and for this Kepner paid
with his life.
That Mrs. Kepner, widow of the. de
ceased., was In no way connected with the
case, as was first published, has also been
made clear. An affidavit made by,Cha"rles
Dryden, tho newspaper man, refutes tho
assertion that John M. Patterson, the por
ter employed by the dead barber, said
shortly after the commission of the crime
that the tragedy was the result of Adams'
acquaintance with Mrs. Kepner. Patter
son altio denlpB that he made any such
statement, and under oath has given the
motive for, the crime aa accepted by the
prosecution— revenge.
"I cue.'tlpned the colored porter," said
Mr. Drydeh in his deposition, "about half
an hour after the shooting. He told me
that at closing time — 1 o'clock p. m. —
Kepner had discharged his assistant bar
ber. Charles G. Adams. His discharge
led to a. wrangle between Kepner and
Adams during which Adams called Kep
ner vile names. Kepner then ordered
Adams out of the shop, and the abuse
still continuing Kepner started -toward
Adams to eject him. They had a struggle
in which Kepner was shot.'
"In talking with Patterson about the
shooting, and the 'cause of it, he did not,
in my recollection, speak of any relation
ship existing between the wife of Kep
ner and Charles G. Adams."
John M. Patterson, the porter, and II.
E. Knowles testified in tho trial .yester
day. Both gave detailed accounts of the
tragedy. -They told how J<epner had dis
charged Adams for incompetency and how
Adams, after preparing to leave 1 the es
tablishment, returned, and after, cursing
his employer shot • him.
The case will go on again to-day.
Shot Kepner After Deceased
Had Discharged Him
IT WAS REVENGE
THAT PROMPTED
ADAMS' CRIME
President Kern said: "Work from nine
hour mills Is traced to Its destination,
both in Oakland and San Francisco, and
the men warned not : to handle It.'.-" The
mills acceding to .the! eight-hour request
and therefore considered fair are: The
Humboldt, the Zenith, C. M. Jenkins, Mc-
Manus & Gartner and Vcitch's mills.
Those the council considers unfair are:
Burnham, Standeford & Co. : Kendall's,
Neihaus', Towle & Broadwell. Bridfjeman
& McCulIy and Ingler and Atkinson. The
locked-out men are preserving excellent
order and are keeping away from the
mills;"
At the Eva estate building on Thir
teenth . street, near Clay, Dlngwell * Bros,
have a " gang of men; at "work planing
beams by hand.*' This morning, they re
ceived a load of finished timber from the
Burnham & Standeford ¦' mill,- but 'the
union workmen refused to - handle 'it.
Dingwell - Bros. . say they > will resort to
primitive methods ; rather than . suspend
operations . entirely. The Trades ' Council
holds: that : there -are, enough ''fair", mills
In Oakland to supplyiplenty of material
for emergency work.
J. T. Kern, 1 president of the local Build-
Ing Trades Council, denies that a general
sympathetic strike Is to be ordered by the
council, regardless of the mlllwork being
"fair" or "unfair.'.' -"¦•- v . \
OAKkAXO. Aug. 1G.— The action of the
Building Trades Council In backing the
mill operatives' j fight for an eight-hour
day has affected several hundred of the
allied. craftsmen in this city. In accord
ance with instructions . sixty men em
ployed on. the De Fremery , building lnld
down their tools to-day, .and work will
not be resumed there by any union me
chanics until the struggle is settled or the
contractors, "vVllkio & Faulkner, have met
the operatives' demand. The situation
there is peculiar. Contractor "Wllkie Is
the proprietor of a mill In San Francisco
which has been classed as "unfair" by the
council, as the proprietor hat? refused to
run on an eight-hour schedule.
All contractors in this city have been
notified that the Building Trades Coun
cil will not permit union ¦ men to work
where "unfair" material is used.
It Is estimated that there are 150 build
ings in course of construction here, em
ploying about 1500 men. Within a few
days, say the contractors, all the mill
material turned out before the lockout
will have been used and contractors will
then be given the alternative of using
"fair" material or stopping work. .
To-day the plumbers employed by Con
tractor \V. Batson on Third street, near
Alice, were ordered out on the ground
that Batson Is "unfair." Contractor C.
E. Nichols has consented to use material
from "fair" mills and his name was re
moved from the taboo list.
Is JTJnfair.
Are Ordered Out Because Contractor
OAKLAND: PLUMBEES QUIT.
A' regular meeting of the council was
held at the Labor Bureau headquarters
last evening.' at which the situation was
discussed. The members were confident
that they v had the battle nearly won.
More work turned- out by nine-hour mills
was refused by local contractors yeBtcr
day and'somp'of it was hold pending an
»-arly settlement of the trouble. It Is be
lieved that next -Monday will see all the
mill;* running on eight-hour time..
the reasons why we carinot consistently
bar outside competition and compel local
contractors to deal in home products ex
clusively until all our mills here have
formally declared themselves In favor ot
the oigrnt-hour rule."
An informal conference of the mill
owners was held last evening, when the
situation whs gone over. A general meet
ing of those who signed the agreement to
continue as nine-hour shops will be held
cither this evening or to-morrow anight,
andit is stated on pood authority that im
portant action . along the linos quoted
above will bo taken.
The third period was remarkably excit
ing. Parsons knocking a goal after splen
did work by Big Joe and?Ollie Tobin,
making the score 3 to 2. Despite desper
ate swipes and swings made by the Reds
Ilobart and Dunphy were Invincible, and, I
well backed at times by Praed and Caro
lan, eventually won out, the score stand-
Ing 4 to 3. Mr. Carolan once saved a goal
for his team and by rnpid moves earned
worlds of praise for his efforts.
At the golf links E. R. Folger beat
Lansing Kellogg with 6 and 5 to play; E.
J. McCutcheon beat S. L. Abbott, 3 and 1
to play; J. W. Byrne beat J. Bourne. To
morrow E. It. Folger will play J. W.
Byrne in the final, .Mr. Folger being
strongly tipped.
In tho tennis event George Whitney
made a scamper of the event, winning
the elegant silver trophy hands down,
while his brother Bob carried away sec
ond prize.
SCENES AT DEL MONTE AND SOME OF THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE
DAY'S CONTESTS OF SKILL, AND ENDURANCE.
take volumes to describe the many diffi
cult plays.
At about 4. o'clock Umpire John Crlm
mins tossed the ball among the players.
The Reds lined up as follows: Joe To
bln.'OUlo Tobin, C. Parsons and "Young"
Joe Tobin.
The ensemble of the Blues was: Wal
ter Ilobart, Charley Dunphy, C. Eraed
and Frank Carolan.
Previous to the game Walter Ilobart
predicted victory for his team. Ilobart's
work bordered on tho marvelous, and in
his efforts he was ably assisted by gritty
Charley Dunphy. for the latter's "taking
care" of big Joe Tobin by interference
won the game for the Blues.
, Walter Hobart scored first for his side,
his suburban work after getting clear of
the scrimmages being away above par.
At the end of this period the game stood
1 all. When play was called at the end
of the second period tho Blues led 3 to 1.
Astride his pony, in endeavoring to
make a quick tack he capsized, landing
under tho keel. • For a time he looked
like a hot-air balloon after tho cutting
away of the parachute, but quickly gath
ered himself together with characteristic
pluck and was hard at It again. It would
' hotel verandas wore a deserted
look, for everybody Journeyed to the
track. Xot for several moons has any
thing caused such a general shaking up
as the polo -game • between Walter Ho
bart's "Blues" and Joe Tobin's "Reds."
It was not for. marbles or chalk, but for
coin on the side and glory. No such
sport has been seen here before and each
side played a remarkable game, ; the great
crowd present repeatedly applauding a
particularly reckless maneuver. Con
trary to -general expectations Ilobart's
Blues won out by a score of 4 to 3. Every
individual player performed heroic deeds
in. the way of taking a chance of making
himself a subject for the autopsy sur
geon.- During the second period Acting
Ills Excellency Joe Tobin Injected a
semicolon into the game which was some
what startling. ,
DEL MONTE, Aug. 16.— This after
noon a solitary red coat was not
discernible on the links, the tennis
courts looked like an oasis on the
Death Valley Desert and the huge
Singles, second round— A. W. Gore b«at H.'
Ward. 6-1. 4-6, 3-6, 7-6. 6-3: R. D. Wrenn beat
H. Stevens. C-0. 8-1. 7-5; M. O. Chase beat F
B. Alexander 6-2 ,6-3, 6-2; W. A. Lamed beat
E- 1-6. 8-2, 6-0. 6-2; Wright beat Col-
M' 6 / 6 . 3 V, 7 " 4 ' *" 2; B1 » ck beat Budlong. 8-6.
i-6, 6-4, 9-11, 6-4.
The longest and keenest match was that
between Gore and Holcomb Ware. In
which the former by winning got his first
i taste of hard work since arriving In this
! country. Lamed beat Hardy with ease
I by showing excellent form and driving
with great force and accuracy.
George Wrenn won from Little, as was
expected. Summary:
NEWPORT, R. I., Aug. IS.— To-day was
not good tennis weather for the compet
itors iri Me all-comers' tournament at the
Casino, rv.in having put the courts In poor
condition.
The first match of the day was between
Robert Wrenn, the ex-champion, and
Richard Stevens. Wrenn won with ease.
Alexander was beaten by Malcolm Chase
Lamed, the Easterner.
California Tennis Crack Loses to
HARDY IS DEFEATED.
ST. IX>CIS, A«£. 36. — To-<Say was a very
propitious one tor the talent, i Three favorites,
two ferond cholee* and one outsider Captured
the fix purses. The feature. of thfi day was
th» maimlfirr'nt battle between I^ovlngr - Cup
end St. Ccthbert. the former winning in a
fierce drive by half a length. The usual condi
tions of exceRFive heat and the track beins
fan existed. Summary:
Sellicf, six and a half furlongs— Very Light
CHICAGO. Aug. IB.— Great R«>nd. tho odd-on
favorite, won the Prairie Hakes at Harlem to-
Gay. He was the l>est and won «-aKlly. Tho
ttakn r.as worth $1175 to the winner. Sum
ma rlca:
I'our end a half furlonirs— Sad Sam won,
"VVoodMli-k neron'l. Khut !'p thtrii. Time. :09 4-5.
Mile and twenty yar-ls— K.tta won. The t.'n
known Fecund, Xohle Man third. Time. 1 :T.\
Oae rr.ll* 1 — ob«l'il:;n won. J. J. T. recond, lilue
t»nn third. Tlm«\ 1:00.
The rraJrie Ftake?, mile and' a sixteenth—
Gri^at IJccd won, Ohnet secor.J, Made third.
Tini»«, J:5< 4-6.
"nf rr.iir — Jos^nhlne II won. Lennep second,
Bani«»i third. Time. 1:« 4-5.
one milf -Pitfall won, Martha Fox second,
Jiariijn L>uch third. Time, 1:53 1-5.
SARATOGA. N. Y.. Aug. IS.— A heavy
track Fpolled what promised to T>e a goo.l
day's racing. The Mntnin handicap had
r«Ti5t r.f its interest destroyed by the with
drawal of Iilues. Sharpshooter, and other
coits. The Schorr en tries were 7 to !0
favorites coupled in the betting. Of the
lield of four that went to the post in the
race for the Saratoga Hunt Club Bteeple
<-haso cup two, H table, the favorite, and
The Cad, foil at the first Jump. Diver
v.cn easily after refusing tho water Jump
the second time around. Results:
One mll» — Uarnockburn won. Intrusive sec
or.J, Hood's Urisa'!'^ third. Time. 1:<S»4.
Htndicap, mile anJ an e'.shth— Coinpensation
Won. Itadfurd Bc«ond, Tavonius third. Time.
2:0»H. ---.-^
Th«! Munirr! l.anfl'.ra^. valu" CW), s>lx fur
lorjcs— Kndy Schorr -n-.m. The llupketeer tec-
Ot!'!, Aianl Bbeck thlM. Tirr.e. I:17H.
I'ivo Jurk»iK>— Cyrntio won, 1-a.iy Contrary
B<-rond. i;:.!a'i:iy tliird. Tlm«>. !:<•«.
Th<« Saratoga Hunt >up, fsw luiilwl, tOROther
with a Bilvtr cui.. aN.ut two an>i a half miles
—Diver won, Champion second. Time, fi.32ii.
Eigbie, the Favorite, and
The Cad Fall at the
First Jump.
SftRftTOGA HUNT
CLUB'S CUP IS
WON BY DIVER
This morning, from 13:30 o'clock, niil-
X<»ad business in this city will cNme to a
Ft.-ir.dft;il while the railroaders attend the
Benrtett in honor of the memory of C. P.
Huntington. The services will be held in
the First Presbyterian Church, on the
corner of Sacramento street and Van N'»ss
avenue, an<5 they will be open to anv one
who wishes to attend. The committee In
charge v.-ishes it understood that, while
the services are in charge of the railroad
men, every one who wishes to come will
be made welcome.
The church will be opener] at 10:20
o'clock. At 10 o'clock the ushers will
assemble at the ehurch to be in readiness
to care for the first comers. The peneral
cfTicrs of the company and the shops will
be phut down all day to-day. Tho tiokrt
cilice tsndrr the Grand Hotel will be
closed from lO:^ until 1:30 o'clock anil the.
local offices of all the transcontinental
line will Vie closed during the same hours
byterian Church at 11 O'clock.
Services to Be Held in the First Pres-
LOCAL EXERCISES.
Mr. Tweed declined ;o discuss the mat
ter of ibe win until after the Cunerai to
morrow.
Mr. Tweed would ciye no estimate of
the value of Mr. Hunar.glon's estate.
"It Is too early to predict what will
eventually be done by the directors and
etockholcJers of tlie company. It is likely
that Mr. Huntingdon's nephew. H. K.
Huntlr.pTnn. as lirst vice president of the
road, v.ill become the active head of the
company. As lirst vice president, witn
his office in Pan Francisco, he has for
several years been the active manager of
the company an<l he Is thoroughly capa
ble of taking the greater responsibili
ties."
Wall street is awaltine with Interest
the filing of tho will of the late Coliis 1'.
Huntington and the naming <>t his succes
sor as president of the Southern Paciiic
liailway Company.
Keprardins tlie presidency Mr. Tweed
said to-dny:
Ocorge K. Miles, the private secretary
of Coliis I*. Huntington; did not succeed
until .*. o'clock on Tuesday morning in
getting a telegram on its way to the mil
lionaire's nephew. II. K. Kjintiagton. He
rec«--ived the message at about 7 o'clock
in the morning and started very shortly
afterward from Texas to New York. He
caJUmd his private oar to be attached, to
u special engine and began at once' his
phenomenal run. Telegraph operators all
along the line were kept busy following
the prr>grp«s of lh<» Humlr.jrton Bpect&L
On the Louisiana and Nashville Railroau
the train made a run of forty miles in
thirty-iive minutes, which up;>roachcs
very nearly to record time.
The distance from New Orleans to At
lanta was covered in ten hour?. That is
e; a rate of 49.C miles an hour. The spe
cial reached Atlanta in time to connect
¦with the flyer on the Southern Railroad.
Mr. Huntinpton's car was attached to a
regular train at P<uit!oo, which was
reached In the early hours of this morn-
Injr. The car was attached to the South
creetera Limited on the Pennsylvania.
Railroad. Mr. ElunUnfton reached Jer
eey City at 12:r.5 this afttnioon and yro
ceedtd immodiatcly to th* Huntington
home at 2 Kast Pifty-sevenih street, in
this eity.
He was much depressed by the death
of bis unrle, to whom he was much at
tached. He seems to l>e greatly fatigued
by his long Journey; and desired to be ex
ntwttl Crota saylas anything for publica
tion concerning his uncle's estate. He
Bald that after Ihe funeral such informa
tion :.s «ra.i deemed by tHe family to be
of i.uMJr ibterest would be »;lv»*n out.
Mr. Miles announced this afternoon that
Rev. Dr. Abram \V. Halsey, secretary
of the. Presbyterian Board of Foreign
Missions had been chosen to conduct the
ronerml service*. J>r. Halsey is the cler
t-ynuin who has been before the public in
ihe last few weeks in connection with
the present situation in China. There
will be a brief service In the library of
the house, where the body is now resting.
arid then the funeral procession will be
formed. The procession will go down
Fifth avenue 10 the Grand Central sta
tion. A speeiai train Will be taken to
Woodlawn Cemetery, where the body will
be placed in th p splendid mausoleum
which several years ago was erected by
Huntlnston.
The arrival to-day of II. K. Huntington,
the nephew cf the railroad builder, who
bad traveled with record-breaking speed
from tho South, was followed by the com
pletion of the necessary arrangements.
The trip was considered a remarkable
journey by railroad men, taldng into con
sideration that a large portion of it was
ca&d« over some Southern roads, where
M>ced has not been the first thing to hold
the attention of the managers.
VOn:C, Aug. 16.—Arrange
• merits were completed to-night
)| for the funeral of Collis P. Hunt
hisron, which will take place at II
o'clock to-morrow morning from his late
hrme, 2 East Fifty-sev« nth street.
i-jieclal liiFpatch to The Call.
Hassrtt then left the court and with
tho knowledge that the record in the mat
ter of the estate of the late Collis'P.
Huntington had not been materially
changed to his advantage.
It Is ordered that the application of P. Bo
land for Rj>eclal lett-rs b<? and It is dismissed
thr-re bfinc no proof proffered In support of
the application.
"I have nothing to add to the record
that whs made." said Judge Cofrey, as ho
drew his pen through Hassett's order
and wrote another, which reads:
It app^arine to the court that the cause In
the above entitled estate has not been assigned
for hearing: to I>rr>artment 9 or this court by
Hi* 1'reKMinfr Juigo of the. Superior Court, and
that tho ari'llcation for Fpeclal letters of ad
mlrilMration upon the estate of Collls P. Hunt
ington Is Irregularly upon the day calendar of
IJ<- : »artmf-nt 9 of tlie court. It Is ordered that
the abdication for Fpeclal letters be and It is
dismiFsed. i
"I am only responsible for judicial ut
terances and I suppose they are ex
pressed in thr> record," said Judge Coffey.
"The record, as I understand It, win
simply that the Public Administrator's
application was dismissed from your de
partment because it was not properly
ap.^sned and I ask that this order be
made to carry that out:
"Yep. sir; pimply to ask your Honor If
you were correctly quoted— that was all,"
retorted H&SSettJ . ,
"I wish to bring to your Honor's atten
tion for a moment tho matter Qf the es
tate of Huntington which was up here
yesterday," said Mr. Hassett. "I see by
the newspapers that you are quoted to
have said thinps that have Riven Mr. Bo
land considerable offense ¦ and which are
<« rtainly not very complimentary to me
as a member of tho bar after being here
so many years." - ¦
lesre?" answered Judge Coffey with a
leee?" answered Judg Coffey with a
Fmile.
Attorney M. C. Hassett., on behalf of
the Public Administrator, made another j
futile attempt to retain a standing 1 in I
court "in re" the estate of the late Collls
P. Huntington. Mr. Hassett used the
nev/Fpaper articles as a basis for this sec
ond effort, claiming that in one of the
morning papers at least his motive In ap
plying for letters of administration upon
the estate, had been impugned. When
court convened Mr. Hassett was present
to seek official redress.
The committee in charge of the ar
rangements for the services Is composed
of J. C. Stubbs. third vice president, and
K. C. McCormick an/1 James Horsburgh
of the passenger department. ¦
BOLAND'S PETITION DISMISSED
Judg-e Coffey "Will Not Allow Him to
Handle the Huntingdon Estate.
The ushers have been chosen from the
employes In the various departments of
Hi* general office. They are;
K. A. Anthony. E. B. Carson. S. R. Chappel.
W. T. Cummins. Richard P<?rby. R. A. Don
aldson, J. n. Ponnrr. J. E. Foulds. G. W. I
Fletcher, V r . Pain Uanlrer, W. D. Gelette. F3. I
VI. lloltnn. 13. \V. Horsburgh. J. D. Isaacs, !
<V J.,. Klner. Op-orse T. Ivlink, II. S. Lincoln. I
William McMurray. J. II. Sharpe. A. D. Shep- j
ard. Charles H. .Smith, Kichard Stevenson, C. I
J. Wilder. Gcoree B. AVlllcutt and W. A. j
Worthlrrton. |
It was at fir?t Intended that J. C.
Stubbs. third vice president of the com
pany, shouM deliver an address, but he
was called Kast last ovenins: and could j
not remain over. The double quaret,
mentioned in the programme, will be com
posed of D. M. Lawrence and James R.
Ogilvie, first tenors; It. W. Smith and
Samuel IX Maver. second tenors; A- A.
Hatfcin and C. I* Gape, first basses;
Charles L. Parent and W. C. Campbell,
second bassos.
Ooplrs of the programme will be dis
tributed at the doors of the church.
••i;|ps.=p.l Are Thf-y Wlio Fear the Lord." dou-
Xtle Quartet; acirtross, Ilpv. Itobcrt Mackenzie, j
D.D. ; prayer (clorpyman to be announced); |
liyir.n. "Abide With Me," congregation; chant,
'Thy V.ill He Done," doublo quartet; bene
di« tion (cWffyman to be announced); organ!
ixwtlude (Chopin), Otto Flelssnpr. :
Orpan prelude, fun«ral march (Beethoven),
Otto- Fklssnrr: chant,. "Our Days Are »» a
Hhadow." doub!<? <ju.irt.pt; invocation (speaker
to be iinnoun<?<»'?) ; hymn, "My Faith Looks
l"l» to The»," ccntrrf-eatlon; Scripture reading
(roa'ifr to b>? announced); hymn, "Jesus, Lover
of My Soul," double quartet; prayer (clergy
in.an to bo announced); chant, 12Sth psalm.
Tho programme arranged is as follows:
The church will be decorated with flow
ers and ferns. No somber drapery will
be used, for it is the desire of the com
mittee 1 to remove, as far as possible, all
emphasis of grloom.
ReV. Dr. Kobert Mackenzie, 'pastor of
th»: church, will deliver the address of
eulogy nnd will conduct the services. He
wiil be asFisttd by Row George C. Adamn,
D.D.; Rev. H. H. Bell, D.D.; Colonel
William Evans. Rev. Frank S. Ford,
Right Rev. Bisliop William Ford Nichols,
Rev, William K. Gutlirie, Hev. John Hemp
hill. 1>.L>.; Rev. S. D. llutsinplller, D.D.;
Rev. J. H. Kelly. Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
Rev. 12. Nelander, Ph. D.; Rev. Joseph
He well. Right Hev. Archbishop P. W.
Blordan, Rabbi Jacob Voorpanjrei' and
Hev. E. A. Wood. D.D. These clergymen
represent nearly every denomination in
Uu- city.
so that all may have an opportunity to at
tend tlie services.
BY F\ E, MULHOLLAND.
HOBART'S BLUES WIN
BY A SMALL MARGIN
At Corbett's there will be to-day opera
tors to send and receive the messages.
The poolsellers think they have the best
of it, and for the matter of that so do
their lawyers, who have given much time,
attention and counsel on the new scheme.
Corbett's contention is that all he now
conducts Is practically a branch telegraph
office.
As soon as a deposit shall have been
made tho local seller will wire to the Ban
Jose office, and if the bet is then placed
the return will be received at once by wire
and the deposit certificate will be Issued.
When a man wishes to place- money on a
fighter he will deposit the amount with
the local agent and receive- from him a
certificate of deposit, which recites the
amount, odds and on whom it may be
wagered. As a saving clause the final con
dition on the printed deposit is in sub
stance a reservation by the agent that If
the bet cannot be placed the sum will be
refunded.
Under this new and carefully thought
out scheme Harry Corbett will act sim
ply as an agent for the San Jose firm of
Osterhout & Co. It is at this place .where
all the betting and- selling will be per
fected.
A scheme has been evolved by which
the poolsellers claim to have outwitted po
lice, ordinance and the letter of the law.
At any rate they will try it to-nlgrht at
Harry Corbett's and test the new and
highly Ingenious plan of accepting money
from bettors as fast as it comes In and
wire the bets to San Jose, where all the
money will be placed.
Clever Scheme by Which
Local Firm Shaves the
Ordinance.
POOL SELLERS
WILL ATTEMPT
A NEW WRINKLE
R. J. Pavert. a contractor and builder,
residing at 686 Castro street, and tenor
soloist of the St. Agnes Church choir, ar
rived here yesterday morning? from Crca
cent City In custody of Sheriff CrawfoM
of Del Norte- County,. and was Immediate
ly placed under arrest for felony In ob
taining: money under false pretense. He
was locked up In the City Prison until the
afternoon, when he was released on $1005
cash ball, furnished by his father-in-law.
Otto Peterson.
Lyon & Hoag, real estate agents, of 115
Montgomery street, are the complaining
parties. They claim to have lost about
J200O through misrepresentations . made ' ' k
them by Pavert. The latter built fl-:X
houses for the real estate firm on Ninth
avenue. In South San Francisco, begin
ning last December. Two of the houses
were properly completed and the material
and labor were paid for by the contractor.
The real estate men claim that they pai<t
him $C00O more on the other three houses
on his representation that he had paid for
all material and labor on them also.
"Pavert brought U3," George F. Lyon
said yesterday, | "waivers of lien from J.
H. Kruse & Co.. the lumber dealers,
whose bills amounted to J2000. and from
Fisher & Co., plumbers, whose bill wa3
$350. He represented that these and all
other bills were paid, and we made our
settlement with him. holding back $500 on
one house, the purchaser of which insist
ed on that protection against mechanics
Hens.
"In June claims against the houses De
gran to be presented. We found that Kruse
and Fisher had not been paid, but gave
the releases on the representation by Pa
vert that he could not get his money from
us to pay them until he could show the
releases He trot the money but ,did not
pay them. Besides, there were the follow
ing unpaid bills: W. P. Fuller & Co., $3.v.
Pacific Manufacturing Company. $lil«:
Lowry & Daly, $213: Sanborn & Vail. $26;
Aigeltineer & Co.. $16; Pacific Gas Com
pany, $ls: Thomas Day. $40."
Lyon & Hoag found that Pavert hart
left town, and they became alarmed and
swore to a complaint in Judge Cabanisa'
court charging him with obtaining money
under false pretense. Pavert was at Can
von City, Or., at that time, visiting rela
tives of his wife. He returned about a
week ago and then went to Crescent City
on business. He was taken Into custody
there at the request of Chief of Detectlvea
Seymour.
Pavert asserts that he Is Innocent of
any crime, and that the trouble was a
case for settlement by civil and not penal
action. He claims that he will pay Kruse
and Fisher & Co.. and that the othrr
liens are covered by the amount withheld ,
by Lyon & Hoag. . «-i
Pavert will be arraigned this morning. "
R. J. Pavert Accused of Ob
taining Money Under
False Pretense.
CHURCH TENOR
LOCKED UP ON
FELONY CHARGE
Local Railroad Men to Join in
Last Tribute to Huntingdon's
Memory.
DETAILS COMPLETE
FOR THE FUNERAL
THE SAN FRA3 TC1SCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1900.
The Logical Candidate.
4
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Lucke's
832 Market St.
Children's and misses' kid
lace shoes, extension soles or
close edges,
sizes 8| to 11 81.00
sizes 115 to 2 1.25
See the shoes and you will
see the values.
Infants' red shoes,
sizes 2 to 5 50c
sizes 5 to 8 75 C
Baby's shoes wear out
fast — buy him three pairs at
this price.
$3.15
Think of it!, a stylish shoe
with Louis XV heel for $3. 15.
Ladies' Ueal patent Idd
shoes — a new leather — looks
and shines like patent leather,
but is soft as silk,
$3,15
Words cannot depict the
beauty of this shoe — you
must see it.
Boys' school shoes — a good
solid article,
sizes 10 to 2 $1.05
sizes 2\ to Si 1.15
Two dollars buys no better
shoes.
You know the advantages
of a hand welted sole.
Ladies' Louis XV heel lace
shoes in kid or cloth tops,
Ladies' hand welted shoes,
kid or patent leather tips,
shoes that are in the height
of style, •"*-
$2.85
$2.85
Remember this — people gen-
erally pay $5 for such shoes.
Boys'
They are not stylish shoes,
but they will wear.
Men's genuine vicikid shoes
with "Goodyear" welt — equal
to hand sewed,
$2.35
You never saw "Goodyear"
welt Vici Kid shoes go for this
price before.
Men's tan, double sole, calf
lined shoes, only
Fairly good supply of them —
but don't wait too long.
Ladies' hand turned lace
shoes, kid or patent leather
tips, splendid value,
$2.65
You must see these shoes to
appreciate them. £U?-
$1.S5
S1.90
Ladies' kid or vesting top
lace shoes — well made, styl-
ish; regular $3 shoes, now
reduced to
Men's calfskin shoes — a
firm, solidly built shoe of
strong leather — just the thing
for workingmen.
Ladies'
Men's
The odds and ends are pretty well sold out
and principally new and stylish goods remain.
Lucke's shoes are mostly $?, $6 and $8 values, and
some idea of the cuts in prices is given below.
The stock is the largest and finest that has
ever been disposed of here at such small figures.
It consists- of from 40,000 to $0,000 pairs, and
comprises the best of makes.
You can wear the finest now for what you
paid for medium shoes before.
shoes
are going; fast
*'Lucke is selling out."
Lucke'sFIREBUGS USE
TORCH IN THE
EARLY MORNING
Incendiaries Attempt to Burn
Property in Business
District.
An attempt was made to burn a build-
Ing in the commercial district about 1
o'clock yesterday morning. Had it not
been for the alertness of Policeman Pat
rick O'Hrien a disastrous (ire mlgiit have
occurred, as the improvements In the vi
cinity are all wooden structures and in
c:ude many, lodging-houses.
As the policeman was patrolling his beat
he discovered smoke Issuing from a build-
Ing at 0*2 Commercial street, between
• Kearay and Montgomery. He immediately
battered down the door and found the
place full of emoke and the stairway
blazing. Without waiting to turn In an
akirm O'Ericn fought the fire with a
bucket until It was extinguished.
Investigation showed that the walls had
been sprayed with kerosene and a can
containing some of the oil stood near by.
The building ia occupied by a Chinese
laundry, a carpenter chop; a barber's col
lege and several tenants. It would have
been Quickly consumed had the nre gained
any headway and the entire block would
have' been placed In <langerv ¦.•.-. i
The police axe Investigating ¦the matter.
Trunks and Valises.
We buy trunks by the carload. That's
why we sell good trunks at reasonable
prices. Suit cases, valises, traveling bngs,
coin purses and pocketbooks In our
leather goods department.- Sanborn,
A'all & Co., 741 Market street. •
BOARD OF EXAMINATION
RECOMMENDS RENEWALS
Will Hold Semi-Annual Examina
tions for Certificates First
W'Eek in August.
The meeting of the Board of Examina
tion yesterday resulted in the recommen
dation of the. renewal of the certificates of
a number of teachers. It was decided to
hold a semi-annual examination for
teachers' certificates in the Polytechnic
High School from Saturday, September 1,
to Saturday, September 8, Inclusive. Ap
plications must be sent to the secretary of
the Board of Examination before Au
gust 31. The following teachers were rec
ommended for the renewal of their certill
cates:
M. E. Blanchard. High School: the Misses
C. A. McCarthy. K. S. Quintan. L.. \V. Col
ton. Mary Peltret, L. R. Hanlon, U. Meyer,
K. McClaln, A. E. Johnson, I. M. Kervan. M.
n. Kaplan. L. Burnham, S. M. Franklin, Rose
Thayer, II. L. Hefron, C. L.. Finnojran. K.
HodKkinson. M. E. Doherty and Mrs. A. E.
Parlln, jrrammar (Trade; the Misses Llllie El
lig, K. M. DIkes. E. R. rettlftrew and D. S.
Moran, primary erade: Delia Clayburg, A. F.
McDonnell, Pauline Lansstadter. Anna C
Love, Sarah II. Macauley, D. G. Jesse and
J. I. King and Elsie Tldd, new issue, life di
ploma trrammar trade: May E. Devlne, Mary
D. Tanforan, Annie \V. Qutnn and Jane Ar
nold Macauley, State Board of Education di
ploma.
The only evidence they have succeeded
in gaining bo far Is that a gang of opium
fiends, who made their headquarters la
the vicinity and were driven away during
the afternoon by a policeman at the in
stigation of the owner of the property,
may have sought revenge with the torch
of the Incendiary. ,
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Thursday, . August . 16.
- Btrnr Point Arena, Hansen. hours from
Mendoclno. -
Ship Roanoke, Amesbury, 153 days from Bal
timore* ' ••'¦¦-•'. ., ","-¦¦
Schr Lizzie Prien, Hanson, 4 days from Slus
law Klver. r *
¦ Schr Monterey, Beck, E2 hours from Crescent
city. :• ; S$23Hgll&l£HHIBHHBHMi
Civil Service Examinations.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces the following examina
tions In this city and elsewhere:
September 20— Physicist, geological survey
salary, $1800 per annum.
September 18-Interpreter of Kranish and
Vendlsh languages in Bureau of Immigra
tion, Ellis Island, N. Y.
September 18— Position in Bureau of'Equip
ment, Xavy Department, Washington, D. C •
salary. $1600 per annum.
September 18 — Assistant mechanical draughts
man. Bureau of Construction and Repair, Navy
Department, Washington, D. C. : salary. $4 per
diem. I
Applicants will apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission, Wash
ington, D. C for requisite blanks.
Grace Williams was granted a divorce
from Chester Williams by Judge Dainger
lleld yesterday on the ground of deser
tion. Williams is president of the Wil
liams-Marvin Shoe Company. Mrs. Wil
liams testilled that about a year ago her
husband took a violent dislike to her and
had since refused to live with her.
Franz L. Manasse was granted a di
vorce from Emma C. Manasse, also by
Judge Daingerfield, on the ground of ha
bitual intemperance.
Mary A. Siefert was granted a divorce
from Ernest Siefert in Judge Belcher's
court. Mrs. Siefert testified that her hus
band deserted her a year ago, taking with
him $1100 which she had saved. Siefert i«
now somewhere in. the East and Mrs. Sie
fert Is earning her own livelihood by
worklng in a Market-street store.
Lucius Little was granted a divorce
from Carrie Little for desertion.* He tes
tified that she induced him to buy a
ranch In Sonoma. County for I2SO0, and
while he was away from home, she sold
the place for $2000 and went to 'Chicago,
where she is now living. Little is a drug
gist and formerly owned'astore on Kear
n y street.
Mrs. Grace Williams Given
Divorce Gn Ground of
Desertion.
HUSBAND LEFT
WIFE THROUGH
QUEER DISLIKE
hopes to keep his men in constant com
munication with their relatives at home.
The Warren was to have sailed at noon,
but it was after 3 p. m. before she got
away from the wharf and 4:10 p. m. be
fore she passed Meiggs wharf. She car
ries in her strongroom $1,000,000 in gold,
which is intended for the payment of the
troops now in China. The money is in
charge of Captain P. L. Miles, quarter
master of the Warren. Captain Miles is
one of the youngest quartermasters in
the transport service, but he Is also one of
the most capable. He Is well liked by
everybody on board and there is never a
clash between the quartermaster captain
and the captain, as so frequently happens
on other transports.
Captain F. E. Frazler goes out on his
first trip as master of the Warren. He
was formerly chief officer of the Sheri
dan. When Captain Hart was stricken
with the Illness that carried him oft Cap
tain Pearce of the Sheridan took his place
on the Warren. When Captain Hart died
Frazier was made captain of the Sheri
dan. Then when the Warren came home
Pearce took his old ship and Frazier got
the Warren. ' Captain Frazler Js also a
young man. but a skillful navigator and
most capable seaman. The Warren is the
most reliable boat in the whole transport
service nnd has carried more troops and
stores than any other vessel in the ser
vice. Captain Fra-zier's friends will be
delighted, to hear once more of his pro
motion.
The Aztec, with 474 horses of the Third
Cavalry, grot away at 1 p. m. She goes to
Kobe. The Siam, with stores for the
troops at Honolulu Guam and Manila,
got away at 3 p. m.
IT Is many a day since the transport
wharf presented as busy a scene a~s
yesterday. The transport Warren
sailed with 1143 officers and men for
the Feat of war In China, and thousands
of people, were down to see them off.
Among those who went away were two
FCjuadrons of the Xinth Cavalry
nnd ttitty half of the colored population
of the city was there to bid them god
ppe^d. The visitors overran the ship and
made things lively in allquarters.
Just before the Warren pulled out into !
th© stream the band began playing a ¦
Cakewalk. In a moment a couple of the j
negro cavalrymen were on the main boom
riancir.g away for all they were worth. I
The contagion spread and in a very short I
ppaee of time a hundred couples were !
"hoeing down" on the quarterdeck of the
eteamer.
Besides the two squadrons of the Ninth '
Infantry the Warren took away 123 driv- '
ers for the mule trains to be put In opera- !
tion in China, All of these men were j
]ir>r-<l up on the wharf before going aboard •
and answered rollcall. They are a hardy. !
reckless s^t of fellows and would make :
prood foldiers. Many of them come from j
Texas and Arizona, while some come from !
Ix>wer California and Mexico. All of j
them have been cowboys and it will be a ,
hot day when one of th«*m gets stuck |
with his team. Along with the "cow- j
Ttunchers" went three mechanics and fix i
blacksmiths and wheelwrights. On these !
men will mainly depend the transporta
tion of the supplies for the United States
soldiers now in the field in China.
A detachment of forty-one recruits for
various regiments and 100 recruits for the
Ninth Infantry also sailed on the Warren.
These men were under command of Cap
tain M. L. Hersey and Second Lieutenants
H. E. Mitchell. E. E. Allen and P. K.
Brice. Major F. J. Ives. surgeon U. S. V..
went out In command of a Hospital
Corps consisting of three stewards and
100 privates.
Among those who went out !n the cabin
on the Warren were: Assistant Surgeon
C. Schultze. CT. S. V. ; Major T. V. VameV,
assistant paymaster; Colonel Cochrane,
U. S. M. C. ; Captain George Montgomery,
ordnance department; Captain William H.
Bean, acting assistant surgeon; P. Mc-
Grath, Major W. H. Arthur. F. H. Her
rington and H. M. Robinson and G. M.
Hunt of the postal service.
Major Arthur goes to China to take con
trol of the hospital arrangements at
Taku. He has been the surpeon in charge
of the transports here for several months
and has made a host of friends, all of
whom were down to see him off.
H. M. Robinson and G. M. Hunt are the
advance guard of six clerks who are des
tined to form a traveling postoffiee in
China. The men all arrived from Chi
cago yesterday, but there was no accom
modation on the Warren for them all, so
four of the clerks will follow on the Sher
man, which leaves m»xt Monday week.
The headouarters* of the postal service
will be at Taku. There one clerk will re
main to handle the mail, while the others
will follow the different branches of the
United States army, and as the mall is
gathered up It will be forwarded to Taku
in time to catch the next transport for
San Francipco. In this way Uncle Sam
» • '
TROOPS BOARD THE WARREN, EAGER FOR CONQUEST IN ANCIENT EMPIRE.
"THE ONLY WAY" TO
BE PRODUCED HERE
Record-Breaking Sale Is
Keeping Man in Box i
Office Busy.
1 ACTOR J. H. STODDARD.
THE sale of seats for Henry Miller's
great production, "The Only Way,"
opened yesterday morning at the
Columbia Theater and kept the man
In the box office busy throughout the
entire day. Five thousand dollars'
worth of seats were disposed of. Seats
for the entire six nights commencing next
Monday night and Wednesday and Satur
day matinees were equally in demand
The play had Its first production in New
York at the H/rald-square Theater, and
scored a triumph as instantaneous and
decisive as that made originally in the
English capital. It was a great oppor
tunity for Mr. Miller, and he proved equal
to It. It gave him at a stroke a leading
place among the great theatrical stars.
As Sidney Carton he realized fully the
character of the great novelist.
The veteran actor J. II. Stoddard, Dan
iel H. Harkins, Joseph Brennan and Mar
garet Robinson have come here direct
from New York to appear with Mr. Miller
in this magnificent production.
Transports Laden With Fighting Men, Horses and
Supplies Steam Out For China.
DUSKY HEROES OF THE NINTH
SAIL FOR THE SEAT OF WAR
Three big windjammers came sailing In
between the heads in company yesterday,
and made as pretty a picture as has ever
been seen In the Golden Gate. The big
four-master Erskine M. Phelps, In a new
coat of white paint, came bowling along
under a full spread of canvas, the Merom,
flying light, followed close at her heels,
while the Santa Clara, loaded down with
salmon, was in close attendance.
The Erskine M. Phelps brings the largest
cargo of sugar ever brought here in one
bottom. She has by actual measurement
6600 tons aboard, or 92.527 sacks. This is
25,000 sacks in excess of what any single
vessel has ever brought to San Francisco.
The Phelps was twenty-flve days coming
from Honolulu, much to the disgust of
Captain Graham. She made a 'splendid
run from Manila to Hawaii and -was the
first American vessel to arrive there after
the islands had been declared a Territory.
Captain Graham sailed his vessel into
Honolulu with every flag in the lockers
set. and received a most hearty, welcome
from everybody in port. Captain Graham
is accompanied by his wife and little
daughter Gladys.
The Merom "Was Ashore.
The bark Merom came back from Nag
Nek leaking. She left here on May 29 and
went on the flats at the entrance of Nag
Nek - harbor about- July 1. There -were
some very heavy forest fires on Bristol
Bay and the whole expanse of water was
covered with a dense smoke, which was
worse than the thickest fog-. The bark
was on the bank two weeks and was then
got off. Part of her keel was gone and
she was leaking at the rate of an inch
an hour, so the captain decided to come
back to San Francisco. He landed his
supplies at Nag Nek and then headed for
home.
The Santa Clara brought down 52.0C0
cases of salmon. The chances are that
both she and the Alerom wil make a return
trip to the canneries. The Merom goea on
the drydock to-day.
Narrowly Escaped Death.
"Eddie Thomas "Williams. 16 years of age,
came very near being- instantly killed In
the chain locker of the transport Aztec
yesterday morning. When Eddie was 6
years old both his parents died, and ever
since the boy has been wanderinp about
the United States. Ills only relative Is a
brother, 24 years of age, who lives at Hon
olulu, and it suddenly entered the boy's
head to ko to him. The Siam touches at
Honolulu, but the Aztec does not.- Eddie
mistook the vessels, however, and got
aboard the Aztec. He hid himself in the
chain locker and went to sleep. The Aztec
did not go to sf-a direct, however, but an
chored in the stream. When the mud
hook was let go the flying chain threw Ed
die in all directions, and when he was
found by the sailors he was more dead
than alive. Early in the morning: the lad
was sent ashore to the Harbor Hospital,
where Dr. Baclgalupi found that his right
ankle was dislocated, his left leg badly
lacerated, his scalp and face lacerated and
various wounds all over his body. Dr.
Bacigalupl thinks the boy will recover.
The Merom Was Ashore in Alaska.
Erskino M. Phelps Carries Larg
est Cargo of Sugar Ever
Brought to This Port.
Three Big Windjammers
Make the Golden Grate
in a Bunch.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 3 7, 1900.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Strong: Assertions nm to Ja>t What
tJko Remedies Will Do.
- M > P rCy>> JJunyon fuaranttes
i *^Vf-i* i - : **V that bis Rheumatism
g5?SRAV '}fV? '!¦ v\ Cure will cur» nearly
a11 < " a '*'s of rhfuma-
Ksff^^^ K %§!S) tlsn In » few hours;
ifer Vt.'&j that bia I)j<r«Ps!a Cure
i£& -i» *""4 w '" caT< * Indigestion «n<!
<tmT — -«vv-i ,^'^^Sr l11 stomach troubles;
W. "^MfVte'y tbat b '» Kidney Cure
I K*ST *'^ cure er cent *
>u y%u*H-''?y *' a " cases of kidney
\ /, gafyjf trouble: that his Ca-
J^_"" •iS^.y tarrh Cure will cure
catarrh no matter how
iiSRjBfcvZr!!' »H*\s lot) S etamllDg: that his
TKi^sfift&Wf Hendache Oire will cure
>AI I Tilw " n y kind of headache In
¦ | 1 fc a few minutes; that
» ' bis Cold Cure will
' „ quickly break up ntiy
Itm of cold and so on tlirough tbe entire list of
remedies. At all drvcglsls. 23 rents a rial.
U jou need innllcal advice write Prof Munyoo •¦
1006 Arch st. Plain. It U absolutely free.
IRREGULARITIES OF WOMEN
DISORDERS OF MEN
POSITIVELY AND PERMANENTLY, CURED
ENTIRELY HEW TREATMENT.
THE GERMAN
»^pPf^| PHYSICIANS
/ Vmtraw »r'^J<5^ (I^atP From Europo.)
'^^^EBI x^ a^ s P ec ' |a|ists '
I 5pJ?^«J^ IOtQ MARKET ST.
V ° §H fi? ''* J r >r0^ pf!; ' lnna ' Advice Frw.
• * x "<- LjW*'* Hours— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
*^J___ .f rn'ii " ' r Evenings — 7 to 9 p. m.
•—¦¦-¦ Sundays— 11 a. m. to 1 P- m.
- LADB'S GUN STORE,
Kearny street, S. F., for
; fijiP* Fishing Tackle and Sporting
. *^ Goo<ls. The larcest stock on
the Pacific Coast of every description. Send 3
cents In postage stamps for the latest 90-psee
illustrated catalogue. No. 4.
Cl "PATENTS! J
MARKET bT- S F r
OCEAN TBAVEIi.
COlfPAGSIi: '^ENEBALB TBAK8ATLANTIQOE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <M|3>
Saturday, from November 2. 1829. at -** r -*"»^»
lft a - m from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street, LA LORRAINE. August 23: LA
TOUR VINE. August 30; L.AQUITAINE. Sept.
6- LA HRETAGNE. Sept. 13. First class to
Havre, $S2 50 and upward. Second class, to
Havre' SK> and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round' trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CAKADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson bulldlns). New York. J.-.F.. FUG-AZI
& CO.. FaclHc Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery ave-
nue. Ban Francisco. -
OCEANIC S.S. CO.— HONOLITLIJ, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
s S AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only) ...„ ,
- ¦' ; '.. ......Wednesday, August 22. 2 p. m.
S s'mAUIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New
. ' Zealand and Australia Wed., Sept. 5, 8 p. m.
L D. SPkCCKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. .14 Montoomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight 0!fice.32? Market St
1/nOlinO I IMC HATHOR ....5500 tons
KflNm IS 1 lilt OCTAVIA ...70W tons
fXUOillUU UlliU LUXOR ......6500 tons
1'-...:. — : • ABYDOS .....4000 tons
Monthly Sailing ¦ for rValparalso and Hamburg,
; via Mexican ports, Central and South
• ¦ . America, etc. '•' : s.
S S. Tanls, 43C0 tons.- sails about August 29.
J. D. SPRECKELS & , BROS. CO.;. Agents.
j 114 Montgomery st. Pier No. 7— Freight office,
527 Market at., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
- Steamers leave Broadway
bj^ wharf. San Francisco:
V^fr»w_ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a.
Kd*r&»W. m - Ausust 19. 24. 20. Sept. 3.
KjO£rrv£-j(k Change to company's ?terun-
Itt^vcfit 5ii For Victoria. Vancouver
f J*?{1V^ <t Ut\i *' r! - c -*- Port Townsend. Se-
«^ 3 S*»a?*'SL¥»- attl*. Tamma. Kvprett. Ana-
cortes anrl New Whatcom
(Was<h.)— 11 a. m., August
19. 24. 29, Sept. 3. and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. R'y; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C.
r. R'y.
1 For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. August
1 16. 21. 26. SI. Sept. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter.
,For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harfonl (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport — 9
a. m.. August 19. 23. .27. 31, Sept. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obtspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los An*eles and Redondo (Loa An«reles>— 11
a. m.. August 17, 21. 25, 29. Sept. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magrdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., "th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th« right to chanee
stramers. saillnc dates and hours of sailing;
witnmit previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE-4 Kew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKIKP A CO., O«n. A*ents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
i ;•':
TH_ Qi R. cb Ni 0i),
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From S?ear-street 'UTiarf at 11 A. M.
CADC SI2 First Class Including Berth
iHnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
August 11, 21. 31
COLUMBIA sails August 16. 26. Sept. 5
Short line to Walla AValla. Spokane. Butt©,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all prints East.
E. C. WARD, General Asent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKIXS A CO.,
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAMA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. i
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKONG.' calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and i
connecting nt HonKkonsr with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salllnjr. .
SS. HONGKONG MARTT
Wednesday. August 23, 1900
SS. NIPPON" MARL*
:.Snturday. September 22. 19C0
SS. AMERICA MA RU.. Wednesday, Oct. 17. 10OO
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For .
freleht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT, General A*ent-
AMERICAN LINE.
¦Sir T0RK. BOUTnAMPTOH. LCSDOtl. TlLVtX.
Stoppln* at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York...'.AUKUst 59[New York Sept. 13
St. Paul Sept. »l St. Paul S»pt. 26
St. Louis Sept. 12 St. Louis Oct. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Noordland ...August 22 jWesternland ...Sept. 12
Friesland Austin I', Kensington Sept. li»
Southwark Sept. 5 Noordlacd S>ept. M
. INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
' 30 Montgomery Street.
BAY AND BIVEB. STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. HAYY YARD AND YALlEJoT
Steamer "MontlceUo."
; MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat at 9:43
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlsrht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. ¦ Landing and offlce. Mlsfton-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1GP8. .
FARE 50c
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE-
Pacific Surety
COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IX THE STATE OB"
California, on tne list day Of December.
A. D. 1S99. and for the year ending on that
day, as mada to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to Ui»
provisions cf Sections (10 and «U of tbe Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnlshej
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash C50.000 CO
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company K500 09
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 181.711 *4
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bends owned by Company 54.353 13
Cash In Company's O&ce 415 49
Cash In Banks 8.237 10
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1,337 13
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 970 M
Premiums In dne Course of Collection. i.Ui 73
Cash deposited In Savings Banks 73.343 53
Total Assets KO7.IS3 SX
LIABILITIES. *
Gross premiums on Risks running oa»
year or less, % ; reinsurance 50
per cent $19,00 03
Gross premiums en Risks running
more than one year. I ; reinsur-
ance pro rata S, 039 S3
Taxes due and to become due 1,230 £.*
Total Liabilities $21.141 H
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for prem-
iums $33,137 IJ
Recetred for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 11.47J 23
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources B.077 41)
Received from all other sources 2.ssj 33
Total Income S33.40? 33
EXPEXDITTRES. "
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing $ lotses of previous years). J3.599 1*
Dividends to Stockholders 14.2JO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 2.804 33
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 11,808 CO
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 2.J2S 41
All other payments and expenditures.. 11.933 73
Total Expenditures $44,319 SS
LOSSES Incurred durin? the year M.1C3 13
WALLACE EVERSON. President.
A. P. REDDING. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 12tti
day cf January. 1900. M. M. RIIOHER.
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
PACIFIC SURETY COMPANY
OF CALIFOBNIA.
Paid-up Gapital and R^ene - $318,000.03
Guarantee and Casualty.
Bomb of Snratysaip.
Steam Boiler and Plata Glass Insuraaee.
HEAD OFFICE— 326 Montgomery Street
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
¦tor and Nervine.
Tne most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
SABER; ALFS & BRUNT, Agent*.
23 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
«l> r -• v jf
«| Crash Suiting 7c. 'W^SS ff^SN^!^5B IS^i "California %
* sirab'.e for ladies' outing skirt*, children's W^^n d^4fl^» ««'«>..-»««. _*Vra Rupert Schmid'3 beantifa'."*
j^ dresses and bays' waists, regularly _, WOMien ¦^Uie W*3%W.3% S%W%, "^ marble atatne, now on free .«
tflOc a yard—on sale to-day only.... T G CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE- eihibition. •{
| ,^gp $10.00 and $12.50 Jackets S5.OO. |
J^ c&\ £mf£ Assorted Jot of this season's Eton an! nV-front, siik-lined Jackets, and a large nambar of la-«t se3- 5
H . . <^^Lfc -E^Ta snn'a fiaest Jackets, nearly all colon and a'most every s:z\ fancy reveres, high and low collars, 's
S Jy&Qsr \**S: and plain Jackets, all sort? of cioth, price3 were rejtulariy $10.»jO and $12.50 and s nf% 5
ft \**& $15.0*5— oa sale to diy (Friday) and to-morrow (Satnrdiy> $?>5JmUU
I /3/^t\\^^n Goitt Dra P eries 9Cm zc**" 3 /* &££* I
S r9fi\ 1 I A > WVt A trade chance has put in our hands 1 100 0/°' o^ C*'-^ -3
* IO I JwkJttLS yards of 30-inch Gold Draperies, heavy m . T % , fl f* 7 *
I l\f^M^% crepe finish with tinsel, choice patterns S5V/ffi^ ' x^A *
&' ni i \ *\ll I i|)l for mantel scirfs, window draperies etc., would ba i ne> Oitm«al or /s A. S \
*- l\ tn excellent value at 12js a yard— jala price, q Honey foiet J% J\ °5
5* to-day only **•» Saai>?, 3 cake; (hiV*~*' / \ >«
•P > ' n box— tc-day '^S^ -s*\ \ '2
f One-Quarter Off Remnants Black onivattheex. J££/ f I x
* and Colored Dress Goods. aor - J l3*' *-*Jc^* '?
H Several hundreds Remnants Black and Colored Dres3 Good.^ in waists, skirt-* and suit "^, f**-~f~\ *u<*£^Z%l *
tf lengths, also a Uw remnants of Golf Material for short skirts, a splendid colection £•" "5
g» of stylish fabrics, alreadv marked at remrait prices- oa special sale to-day only er • 5
Jt At One-Quarter Offm box, ?
|| MOM'S $17*50 SWBfS $1O* 75m % Tuckings and All-Overs 5
S % New all-worsteds, cheviots and cassimeres, in single or doub'e 5 Z" £ '9 Ua^% r °* f %
ii fe breasted sacks and three-button cutaway frocks, properly made J v,.- ?t ** !T j S J ,. 2
k»»" , , ,, . . , , c.i- ,M j * 3 Nainsook. Lav.i aniOrgind? Tickings .*
5J and elegantly trimmed, every garment fitting like a mide-to-^ that are 63c t>$i.lOayard; Nam?ook
order one, all sizes, suits that were $15.00. tf^^ifft 7E£ '"¦ and Lrwn Tacking3 with neat Va!ei>- %
ft JC n6.50and to be Closed OUt this week at +P***" * »* \ ciennes insertion that are $1.35 to ?2 .5
tth #_a os**** ***m #*> "A tfirn jm m* X par yard, and other handsome AU-Overs «3
gfc {BOWS* SSaSSS S&£EZS B&n*fr5n :C ?** clns^raoftucksand embroidery, in $
g- K ~y X be^dmff, herring, applique stitch and Jt
X* Made of all-wool fabric, new Oxford gray cheviots, tan3, browns j« gnipure ntterns, »i] of # them new de- «J
J 2? and other new, stylish mixtures; single-breasted coats, double- .% si?n? for Fall and Winter' 19D0— to-day *«
Jt £ breasted vests; as well tailored as a man's suit, up to date in jj 25 Ran Cant Off Regular j*
tf g every way, sizes for youths 13 to 19 years, now being closed J Prices- >j
£ i£ out to make room for Fall stock — Monday and <£/ST JJL5Z* Special Sale To-Day v«
«C^* durinc: the week 5 Children's Drawers 5
ft j, 1 Second Aisle— Right of Entrance. Jg Ahntif Htff Pfll*** '
Iaa'A'AAAAAAXAA^^^^ TheTegoodiloslia J^L. £
I All 6f Our Men's $1.85 Derby SSSJ'fJTlS /Kh I
J. and Fedora Hats To-Day $1.45. 6, 8. 10 and 12 />'u*'i ; 'V «
Ik These Hats are all in the rewest shape* and are exceptional valna* at our regular yeir?, s'ightly dim- / II {|
•£ prices, the quaMty thit you formerly paid $2.00 for. Th«! ro'crs are black, brown aged, but vory / / / /, \\ '^
h and coatrists, and also pearl ia fedoras, all s'zes— to day (Friday) and to-morrow slightly— re*n- / 6 rf t 11 ¦ jf
" (Saturday) . . SI. 45 Iary3)c, 33c, 4)oSi« €'** \\ *
*? and 4jc — to-day X . \\ '2
J: A Tumbler Sale. A Butter* Sale J £§\MM\ :?
V && Til. thin bowa for Fi*Stisi^m jC Another' Lot,
K *%^ Crystal Tumblers, Our Fincy Creamery Butter. m* at i/<, trimmed with linen \ests^^^a
k 1 ilf regularly 80c a doz- regu'ar s'zi squires, on IL.-Z3J' lace edging, ma '1 in % »
t( JS en, a Email lot of 72 c a i e to-d3y (Fri- 7 |PU< Itnj not qr , lte 8 , h 2aT y # - iiaaj-^u- <-**- .j
JC g?L -a I d z >n only, bonnht d-v' on'.v... <&MG ' but good, same S1Z33. and damaged in "^
J» W I by os at a b:r^ain — Limit } squirts to a customer. about the 33me decree (hardly worth «•«
h II on sale Friday, whi'e Gzmvboil Souas— €jtf$l mentioning\ regular y 17c, I9e,
Kv quantity lasts Any v^riely— tc-i:y 3 rans' "Vv-/ 21c a^d 23c; to-day only, any 3-zj. 12»O J
fW\^^r^ll"r De D ' i mpO rtcU "SLA C l ean ' U R? f d M J*?' S \
*? canters, imita- Horcnd FS-ZSET^k) Fancy Shirts 71 c. '5
5=- ' t:on cut glas3, shipe Hcrrinn J-y^-tlJL^Z We offer on Friday and Saturday a lot .«•
j^ and design as in pictur?, rega'.ar pries _ Th2 W V. _^ri' I A^T^J^ of $1 and $1.50 Fancy Percale Shirts in '2
Jf 3oc each-200 of these en sa'e known «w. {"L^rSTTTIS^r^ good 19 "° patterns and fast colors, J
ft to-day only I US B . br:lrd to _ 1^ 37? JTT soma of tbe:a sli ? htl y 3oiIed ia window !*
i Nswsst Styles $5.00 3 !Jjj 1-2} ''~*~^ dbpi.* an at the 7Jc i
J Patent Leather Lace imported J — .ITJ Z7J~^ 7HZ^ \
| Shoes for $3,35. Salinas Old Crow Whisky *
i Also ten other new styles of Ladies' -Gustav Pauanro?, the very finest. 90o S Bottle, g
K Fine Shoes at propcriionntelv kw pr.ces. lon^e-s -to-day, per tin 2OO To-day only (Friday) fall quart bottles of .}
S We continue the sale of Kingman & Fox'. OysfOfS-Army and Navy, 1-lb tins. O id Crow Bon-bon Wawky for....SOo $
5- shoes, lo-ght by us at about 653 on _ 2 for... 25O Brandy— 5 yeara old, good forme- .%
X the dollar, and just turned out by importoa Iwaoaronl- High en dicinal purposes— to-day, per jral Ion... «
$ the factory. Eve-y shape is new, and O graie ;5, pack i ge /:;'K VVVkT*"?5 ° «V i" A"* V -S2.OO^
* we have a complete line of s-zs*. Rosst Eoaf—Ubbj s, l-!b ti.i?./5o Cfarot-Ozr popular 40c qualitv— S
J $1.69 to $3 35 pair. Mam Floor-Rear. ;.;. to-day, per galloa 28o j
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORITTM.
THE EMP0RTU3I.CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. 16.— Arthur Cox
of San Francisco is at the Metropole.
/' — *' ¦ m ¦
Painters Favor an Ordinance.
The Painters' District Council informed
the Board of Supervisors yesterday that
a committee would appear at the next
meeting: to , request favorable action on
the sanitary ordinance relating to paper
ine. Kalsominlnc nnd. • Hnti^ 0 { walls
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. Aug. . 16.— r»r. Murray I*
Johnson of Oakland is, at the Fifth av
enue. T. II. Sellers of San Francisco is
at the Hoffman. Chester Williams of San
Francisco is at the Murray Hill.
Disappearance of Edward E. Duff,
Bookkeeper for Benjamin Gunn
& Co., ! Recalled.
No trace has yet been found of Edward
E. Duff, bookkeeper for Benjamin Gunn
& Co., real estate agents, 232 Montgomery
street, who disappeared August 4. An lr«
cldent in connection with his disappear
ance came up in Judge Cabaniss* court
yesterday. Duff had left a tin box with
David O. Church, a clerk of Charles War
ren, 230 Montgomery street, to keep for
him. Gunn & Co. learned of the fact and
made a demand, upon Church for the box.
Church declined to give it up except
through legal process, and Gunn & Co.
secured a search warrant from Judge Ca
baniss.. >
The case was heard yesterday, and 'the
Judjri decided that Church should deliver
the box to Gunn & Co.. but that it should
be opened in court and its contents ex
amined. There was no key, so the- box
was forced open. There was nothing in It
but papers, chiefly personal receipts ami
contracts and some receipts taken by
Duff for the firm. There were also slips
with figures/showing that he had been
trying .to strike a balance.
.: ' » ? ¦ .
Supervisors Deny a Protest.
The Supervisors Street Committee de
cided yesterday, to recommend the denial
of the petition of the West of Castro
Street Improvement Club for abating the
alleged nuisance ot-a' quarry and rock
crushing plant . belonging to Gray Bros,
located, at Twenty-sixth and Douglass
streets. . The clerk was directed to pre
pare i, resolutions in accordance therewith.
The master of the extension of Castro
street to the San. Bruno road,' the petition
of the 'San; Francisco and Pacific. Glass
Works to lay a spur. track from its works
to"", the Southern ¦ Pacific -tracks - and sev
eral other minor matters .were referred to
tha.Bnard of TTnili li ill»llWin<H(l"'JI Mi'liWimufcilw
THOUGHT TO DISCOVER
MONEY IN A TIN BOX
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge S. F. Geil of Salinas Is at the Oc
cidental.
Superior Judge Gray of Butte County 13
at the Palace. ; " :
J. E. Polndestre and wife of Grass Val
ley are at the Grand.
George K. Rider and wife of Sacramento
are guests at the Grand.
S. T. Hatfleld. a well-known citizen of
Sacramento, is at the Lick.
W. B. Thomas, a well-known attorney
of Ukiah, is at the Grand.
Isaac BJrd, a prominent merchant of
Merced*, is' stopping at the Grand.
W. B. Segal, a prominent merchant of
Cincinnati, is a guest at the Palace.
R. M. Shackelford. one of the bis ranch
ers of Paso Robles, Is a guest at the Lick.
George Jessen, accompanied by his wife,
is here from Watsonville. He is stopping
at the Grand. . '• .?. ¦;¦¦
Richard M. Goode, connected with the
United States Geological Survey, is a
guest at the Occidental.
F. W. Led>etter, vrfio is connected with
a paper manufactory at Portland, is reg
istered at the Palace.
O. A. Field of St. Louis Is at the Palace.
He Is accompanied by his family and Is
here on a pleasure trip.
Thomas B. Merry and wife of Los An
geles are at the Lick. Mr. Merry is a busi
ness man of the' southern metropolis.
Jay W. Adams. Pacific Coast passenger
agent of the Nickel Plate line, returned
from a trip to the Northwest yesterday.
-Dr. B. Taylor Freshman, prominent as
a physician in Amador City. Is at the
Palace, he being: here to place his son In a
private school. '
E. E. Cox of the Indianapolis Evening
News is at the Occidental. He is in com
pany with Thomas C. Warner of the Fort
Wayne News. They are here representing
a news syndicate.
SENATOR HOAR IS RIGHT.
T—-) OURKE COCKRAN in his letter to the "Lib
\\ erty Congress" convoked by the Anti-Imperial
* — League declares an intention to support Bryan
and dismisses with a show of contempt the statement
of Senator Hoar that even if Bryan be sincere, he
could not, if elected President, check the imperialistic
tendencies of certain elements of his party. There
is thus raised a question of opinion that merits con
sideration. If Cockran be right, any anti-imperialist
who is indifferent to the money question at stake in
the campaign might well support Bryan; but if Sena
tor Hoar be right, then Bryan in the Presidency
would be of no more service to anti-imperialists than
| the proverbial broken reed that wounds the hand that
| leans on it.
i Senator Hoar has had a longer and a fuller expe
rience in Congress than Bourke Cockran, and is
more thoroughly acquainted with the sentiments and
j objects of the leading Democrats in both houses.
His judgment on the subject at issue is therefore more
valuable than that of the man who disputes it. Were
there no evidence to confirm the statement of the
j Senator it would still have more weight with intel
ligent men than the equally unsupported declaration
of the comparatively irresponsible New York orator,
who of recent years has been veering about in poli
tics like a weathercock.
It happens, however, that there is abundant evi
dence to confirm the view taken by Senator Hoar.
Only a few days ago Senator Morgan of Alabama, in
discussing the so-called "paramount issue" with a re
porter of the Washington Post, said: "There is no
paramount issue in any campaign. All the planks in
setted have an interest for some portion of the voters,
and are inserted simply because they are paramount
to some people. To some, one issue is paramount,
'where to others it is of less significance. Whatever
the statement in the Kansas City platform about im
perialism, there arc hardly any two people who would
give similar definitions for imperialism. To some it
would be the right to protect our missionaries in
China, and to others it would be the establishment of
:> government in Porto Rico which was not in com
pliance with the constitution or with the powers of
Congress."
. That is a sufficiently clear notice to all concerned
that Senator Morgan docs not intend to pay much
attention to Bryan's paramount hsue. It is, in fact,
only mother way of stating David B. Hill's comment
on the Kansas City platform, that some of it would
be used in one part of the Union and other portions
of it cTrcwhere.^ Morgan himself will have none of
the pledges, and in the interview from
which we have quoted he asked, evidently with some
bitterness, "When did the Republicans become ex
pansion : ?ts?"
; ..The Louisville Courier-Journal is sunnortiriW
Arguments in the Yolo Suit Against
Controller Colgan in Supreme
Court.
The case of the county of Yolo against
State Controller Colgan was argued yes
terday before the Supreme Court. This Is
only one of many suits which* contem-
plate tho depletion "of the State treasury,
there being about $1,500,000 involved. A
number of attorneys some time ago ocn
cluded that they had discovered sufficient
law to warrant actions being brought by
a number of counties for the payment of
County. Tax Collectors, Auditors, Asses
sors and Treasurers for the collection of
State taxes. Yolo's alleged share would
be abo'ut $23,000. In the lower court the
county lost.
Yesterday Attorney General Ford, rep
resenting the Controller, took the position
that all of these officers mentioned are
also officers of the State and that the law
contemplated that while in the discharge
of their duties as county ofllcials they
were serving the whole people as well
and were not entitled to extra compen
sation. As a further bar against the
contemplated raid on the State treasury
the last Legislature passed an act oblit
erating any alleged obligation to counties
on this aeount and directing that any
suits pending should be dismisesd by the
plaintiffs. .
SUITS OF COUNTIES
ON STATE TREASURY
OUR WRANGLING ALLIES.
OUR allies in the advance of civilization into
China are not showing that mutual trustful
ness which is required to induce something of
a corresponding trustfulness on the part of the Chi
nese, The spokesmen of the various European
powers, while asking the Tsung li Yamen to rely
upon the pledges they make, are themselves refusing
to rely upon the words of one another. There is
everywhere a declaration of intention not to partition
China, and almost everywhere evidences of prepara
tion being made for that very purpose.
William St. John Broderick, Under Secretary of
State for Foreign Atfairs, is reported to have said in
a speech before the Primrose League on Wednesday,
with reference to the landing of British troops at
Shanghai: "We all know that we are determined to
risk everything and to put forward all our strength
and resolution before allowing British interests to
go down in any part of the world." Of course a
speech made under such circumstances is not to be
regarded as a deliberate utterance of the British Min
istry. It was a case of letting the lion roar for th.e
delight of the crowd. Nevertheless, it reveals the
temper of the Government and of the dominant party
in the country, and that temper is one of distrustful
ness toward other powers. Clearly the British be
iieve it will be safer for their interests to have. them
guarded -by troops rather than by the promises of
foreign diplomats.
We. are told that Russia, Germany and France ob
ject to Britain's action at Shanghai and may unite in
a demand that the British troops be withdrawn from
that point. We are also told that Japan and Great
.Britain object to the occupation of Niuchwang by
the Russians, and may unite in demanding a with
drawal of the Russian troops. That makes a very
pretty situation in itself, but there is another com
plication to come along very soon. , Germany has a
strong force of men on the way to China, and when
they arrive we may hear of a combination objecting
to their landing.
In the midst of this imbroglio the United States
stands neutral, and doubtless where the ground is so
slippery that is ihe only way of standing at all. It
is rapidly becoming a serious question, however,
whether there is' to remain any neutral ground to
stand on. China is either to-be partitioned or it h
not. If i't is to be partitioned we shall have to get out
and stay at home until the ruction is over or else take
part in th,e fighting; and if it is not to be. partitioned
we shall probably have to call the hands of our Brit
ish cousins and our ancient friends the Russians and
threaten them with fearful things if they persist in the
land grabbing.
Taken altogether, the prospect that something un
expected will happen is very good: France willsoon
have closed up her exposition,' Great Britain will be
free of the war in South Africa. Germany willhave her
big fleet well under way, and, Russia will have her
Siberian railway, completed. Thus all will be pre
pared and ready to welcome the glorious dawn of the
twentieth century 'with. a war worthy, of the new e-a.
The Red Bluff burglar who asked to be sent to
Folsom instead of to San :Quentin; wasprobablyan
spired by scctionalpride even in his choice of orisons.
A testimonial benefit was tendered yes
terday afternoon at the Alcazar Theater
to* the popular young actress Miss Lafira
Crews on the occasion of her departure
for the East. "Only the- Master Shall
Blame" and "Keeping Up Appearances"
were presented, and the applause through
out the performance, here, there and
everywhere, with a charming disregard
for anything but the expression of good
feeling toward the popular ingenue, made
it almost impossible to proceed with the
play at times. Miss Crews made the very
prettiest of tiny farewell speeches, grace
ful, unstudied and a little tearful, thank-
Ing audience and actors for their kind ap
preciation. Flowers in abundance were
sent over the footlights, and the kindly
testimonial will doubtless not soon be for
gotten by the young recipient, even In the
midst of all the New York triumphs
which her admirers hope and prophesy
for her.
TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT
TO MISS LAURA CREWS
THE REWARD Of FIDELITY.
W'lTIIIN the next few days Republican pri
maries will be held throughout the State, and
it is therefore timely to remind the party cf
the duty it owes to the men ;vho in the last Legisla
ture stood iirmiy for the honor of the party against
ail the banded bosses of corruption could do to in
duce them to dishonor Republicanism and disgrace
California by the election of a railroad candidate of
ihe lowest type to the United States tTenate.
Of the men who during that long fight remained
true to the party, the people and the State, many are
seeking re-election. Some who were then in the As
sembly are now candidates for the Senate. Each and
every one of those men should be elected. It is j.
duty loyal Republicans owe to them in recognition of
their fidelity and of their important service to the
party and to California, It is not too much to say
that by defeating the schemes of the railroad and the
would-be bosses the stalwart Republicans of the .Leg
islature saved California to the Republican party in
this election. Had the railroad captured the Legis
lature, had it sent to the United States Senate a man
of the type* of Dan Burns, there would be such a re
volt against the party the Democrats would now have
something like a walkover.
The Southern Pacific Company has a long memory
and a malignant one. Orders have been given to defeat
every honest Republican who bafiled the scheme to
elect a railroad Senator. Those orders will be served
by even' corrupt boss to whom the)' are sent. It is
• known that in this city the Democrats as well as the
so-called Republican bosses are working with the
railroad. It is Kerrin, Crimmins, Kelly and the whole
gang this time. Much the same condition of affairs
prevails elsewhere. Therefore it is the duty of Re
publicans to now support the men who when in office
supported Republicanism against railroad domination.
One good turn deserves another. The representative
was faithful to the party and the party should be faith
ful to him.
In localities where Herrin despairs of electing a
pliant railroad tool he may induce a good man to run
against the candidate whom he desires to beat. In
such case the victory would not profit him much, but
he would have had revencre and would have shown
that the people cannot be relied upon to support faith
ful men in office. Against such tactics Republicans
must be on p;uard. No matter how excellent be the
candidate pat forward to do the railroad's work in
this fight, he should be defeated.
The issue is a plain one. Certain Republicans in
the last Legislature were true to themselves, to th«:r
principles, to their constituents, to their party and to
the State. They refused to yield to the demands of
the Southern Pacific corporation and disreputable
bosses in this city. They won a fi^ht for honesty by
a victory of which every Republican is proud, and
pent to the United States Senate a man the whole
State deliphts to henor. Now, for revenge and spite,
the corrupt forces that were beaten :n the Senatorial
fi?ht are trying to defeat every one of those honest
Republicans who is seeking re-election. The issue is
up to the rank and file of the party. There is no way
to evade it. The defeat of a sinpie man who in office
¦was true to Republicanism will he a wrong that will
shame the constituency that permits it.
A Santa Cruz murderer is seriously concerned that
a wound in his neck will rot heal in time for the
hangman's noose. He has the gratification of know
ing that. he has a monopoly of worry on the subject.
If the Fresno boy murderers cannot be sent to
jTJson their crime ought to sufrgest 'he necessity of
enacting laws which will protect society from injuries
inflicted in unnatural deviltry.
Democratic orators arc now. telling us all about
the "paramount issue" of the campaign. And it is a
safe wajrer that even they do not know of what they
arc speaking.
If the Boers keep their word never to surrender
England will becin to learn what we mean by the
horrors of Indian warfare. Death will have an un
endinc feast.
Received Bogus Cablegram Bearing
Mayor Phslan's Name Offering
Him the Position.
Some one played a practical joke on J.
J. Flinn, the well-known member of the
firm of Flinn & Treacy, a few days ago
which cost that individual just $22 for a
cable message. Shortly after the death
of Supervisor Helms Flinn received a ca
blegram purporting to come from Pari3
and bearing the name of Mayor Phelan
who is touring the Continent. The mes
sage read: "Would position on board
made vacant by death of Helms be ac
ceptable to you?"
No sooner had Flinn read the cable
pram 1 than he dispatched the following
answer to Mayor Phelan: "Will be de
lighted to accept the honor so graciously
offered in your cable message just re
ceived."
Some time after the Mayor's secretary,
Charles Fay, received a letter from his
chief, in which he said that he had never
made any such proposition to Flinn, and
asked what it was all about anyhow. It
was then that the joke was disclosed and
Flinn discovered that he had been clev
erly trapped into paying out money for a
forlorn hope. He quietly left town on a
fishing expedition to escape the chaffing
of his friends. ,
The vacancies in the board will moat
likely remain unfilled until the return of
his Honor from his sojourn on the Con»
tinent, which will be in about two weeks.
JIM FLfNN THOUGHT HE
WOULD BE SUPERVISOR
By long odds the most Interesting lec
ture of the Burton Holmes series was
given yesterday afternoon at the Columbia
Theater. The lecture dealt with the mag
ic mesas and snake dancers of Arizona,
and a most vivid and picturesque presen
tation of these survivals of a bygone age
of barbarism were "given. Moving pictures
of the snake dance festival, with the
writhing reptiles held between the teeth of
the dancing priests and wriggling around
in all directions, were shown. When It Is
understood that the snakes are of the rat
tler variety, in full possession of all their
powers, the breathless interest and gen
eral uncannlness of the performance may
be better realized. -A very happy descrip
tion of the domestic life, strange, foreign
architecture and religious Idols of these
weird Moki citizens of the United States
fills up the programme, leaving the mem
bers of a delighted audience with a yet
higher appreciation of the marvels of
their native country.
The lecture will be repeated on Sunday
evening.
AMONG THE MAGIC
MESAS OF ARIZONA
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WILMERDING SCHOOL-I. S. H.. Lin
den. Cal. The "Wilmerdins School is on
Utah street, near Sixteenth, San Fran
cisco. For admission, rules, etc., arldress
a communication to the superintendent.
INJTTRY TO A HORSE— A. S.. Lock
wood, Cal. This department cannot ad
vise "what would be proper to do with a
valuable horse that stumbled against a
stone and sprained his ankle, which injury
may develop into ringbone." If the horse
13 a valuable one he should be placed un
der the care of a veterinary surgeon.
CASINO— C. TV.. Lincoln, Cfil. In tha
game of casino no player *ls allowed to>
build from the table. "The rule ia that,
if. for Instance, a seven and a two are
upon the table and a player places an ace
on the seven calling it eipht. the other
player cannot -employ the two on the
table to build It up to ten. That la evi
dently what "B" did In the game cited
and in that case his play was wrong--
GOOD FOR CITY flND STflTE.
WHILE the State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners have postponed action on the proposed
lease of China Basin to the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley Railroad, there is every reason
for expecting a favorable decision at the next meet
ing, which is to take place on Monday. To the
recommendation of the Board of Supervisors there
has now been added that of tfie Merchants' Associa
tion, so that the Commissioners have before them
ample evidence that both the officials and the business
men of the city regard the lease as highly desirable
from every point of view. There are differences of
opinion as to some of the details of the lease, but
upon the essential point of granting an ample ter
minus in the city to the Valley Road there are no dif
ferences whatever among progressive men.
The statement of the issue in the communication of
the Merchants' Association is clear and emphatic.
After suggesting the advisability of making certain
changes in the proposed- terms of the lease, the mer
chants say: "With the correction of these provisions
in the lease we believe that its execution would prove
to the best interests cf the city of San Francisco an-i
the State of California. The improvement of China
Basin and the construction of this section of the sea
wall would give impetus to the improvement of the
entire water front. It is estimated that these improve
ments will involve an expenditure of $1,000,000, of
which about $.250,000 must be expended in the con
struction of the seawall within a period of five years.
This consideration, together with the rental of $1000
per annum, as stipulated in the lease, appears to be
sufficient to warrant the execution of the lease with
the certainty that the seawall will revert to the State
as soon as it can be utilized. We therefore hope that
the pending negotiations between your honorable
board and the San Francisco and San Joaquin Val
ley Railway Company relative to the proposed lease
of China Basin will result in an agretment that will
insure the construction of the contemplated improve
ments promising to'be of such material benefit to the
State of California."
The sum and substance of the matter is that San
Francisco needs the improved transportation facili
ties the proposed terminus will give, and needs also
the increased dockage that will result from the im
provements the Valley Road will make. Where there
is so much to "be pained for the city and the State it
would be foolish to impose unfair conditions, upon
the company that is to provide the improvements and
the competitive transportation. It is therefore to be
hoped a complete agreement will be reached on Mon
day. The sooner the work of improvement is begun
the better it will be for all concerned.
FRIDAY AUGUST 17, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
*dd-e«s A'l ComTvjr-.ica'iors to VV. S. LELAKE. Manager.
«xa* A<;nirs office e S^S!^i!5^Lc^
I'UiLICATlOX OFFICE. .MnrUct and Third. S. F.
Tdrpbou l"rc«» 2OX.
EDITORIAL nO0?I«....2IT <o 221 SteTcnson St.
Telephone 1'ini 202.
Orlfrrrrd t>y r«rrtfm. 15 r.+ni* Per Week.
Sinclc Coplen. IS Cent*.
Terras by !Hnll. Inrlndfni? 1'ontarrei
r>*rT.,T CALL, li-^Ittdinjs Sur!d*v). nn<» j-ear $«.W
I3AILT CALL, tlac'.ni'.r.g fcundiy). « months , S.09
DA1LT C/.LI- (Ir.cIod'.nK fcun-Jey). I months. 1.50
DAILY CALL— H? S!r.e> Month , 65c
fUNTUY CALL One Year , , ISO
IViiirKLY CALL, Or.« Yrsr.. L«J
-Mi a^r-iuiarif-n an Rntborlted to receive
• alt cert pt ton*.
Gur.plc ecp!e» *!U fce forw sided when requested.
Mail »ut>«cr:beni In oraerlnR chansre of e.<!<Sret,9 should b«
pa-i5cu!sx to give r>?th NEW A7CU OLD AliDREUS In crSer
to lasu.-^e a prczaxt and correct compliance witti tcelr reqaeit.
OAKLAAD OFFICE ....HIS Droadwar;
C GEORGE KP.OGNESS,
Wartrer Foreign Aj-ertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
tiicr* ~:£lince T»r!-.tn« "Central 2S13.">
NEW TCKK CClir.ESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Equtra
>TEW TOEK ivEPliESE^TTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. S!.'!TH 33 Tribune Building;
Chicago j.-eyts stajtds:
Pb*rtnan Hcuer; P. O. *.>»s Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
rmcost UcuEe. Auditorium Hotel. ',
NEW TOHK NEWS 8TAND8:
VrclGarT-Aeicrlm. Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;^
Kurrey J.-lli Hotel.
WASHINGTON [D. C.\ .OFFICE Wsllington Hotel'
I.'CRiON E. CRANE. Correspondent."
tmAT;CP OFFICES-::: M<mtcwn«x corner ot Clay, opwi
until S:CO o'clock. ZM IJsye-s, cj*n until 9:33 o'clock. C33
Vcj> i::st-r. op:-ri until 2:33 o'clock. €12 Larkln. <\pen until
»:I0 o'clock. I3tl »T'.«sIan. o;*n until 10 o'clock. ;2C1 Market,
ccrner Sixteenth, c;>ea antU J o'clock. IBM Valencia, open'
cnf.i 8 o'c!'»ck. :<Z i::evc = :h. cr:a until 9 o'clock. XW or
*xr Tweaty-»econci zni Kentucky, open until S o'clock
Owing to the large number of men in
China and the Philippines requiring treat
ment it has been decided to establish a.
hospital at Nagasaki with accommoda
tions for 500 patients, and another at some
point in China with beds for 1000. The
hospital In China will probably be located
in Tientsin or Shanghai. :.;,C.
Material for the fitting up of these hos
pitals Is being gathered as rapidly as
possible and will be forwarded to Naga
saki. Major Kdward T. Comegrys, sur
geon, U. S. A., will sail on the 20th Inst.
on the Sherman, and on his arrival at
Nagasaki w m assume the duties ol med
ical supply officer. Major P. F. Harvey,
surgeon, U. S. A., will also sail on the
Sherman to take charge of the base hos
pital to be established these. Major John
Van R. HofC roes to China and will as
sume charge of the hospital to be estab
lished either in Shanghai or Tientsin.
So great Is the need of doctors that the
medical department has determined to ap
point one hundred more acting assistant
surgeons. There have been assigned with
in the last few daya for duty in the Phil
ippines thirty-six doctors, twelve of ¦whom
sailed yesterday on the Warren, twelve
will go on the Gaelic and twelve on the
Sherman. There are awaiting orders at
the General Hospital. Presidio, thirty-ono
acting assistant surgeons, ail of whom
will be sent abroad as soon as oppor
tunity for transportation offers.
The Second Battalion of the Second In
fantry, consisting of 530 men and twelve
officers from Fort Thomas, Ky., and Com
panies C and D of the First Infantry,
from Fort Leavenworth, left their posts
on the 14th inst. and will arrive here to
morrow. Light Battery M. Seventh Ar
tillery, consisting of one officer and
seventy-five men. with ninety-six horses,
six guns, nine caissons and a supply of
ammunition. left Fort Adams, Rhode Isl
and, yesterday. Recruits to the number
of 175, assigned to the Ninth and Four
teenth Infantry, are expected here from
Fort Slocum, N. Y., In time to sail on
the Sherman.
Supplies Being Rapidly Gathered and
Sent to Nagasaki — More Con
tract Surgeons Needed.
Troops Expected.
Accommodations for Many
Sick and Wounded Needed
in the Orient
ARMY SURGEONS
WILL ESTABLISH
NEW HOSPITALS
THE IRRIGATION DEBATE,
a^HE Waters' and Forests' Association of this
§ State has been quietly collecting the means and
preparing the plans for an extended educational
discussion of the ownership and use of the flood
waters. The storage of storm water in some form is
tiie solution of the problem of securing more water
to irrigate more land. Within this is the no lest im
portant question of using existing facilities for irri
gation by inducing the people to irrigate, informing
them in methods and convincing them of the value
such policy may develop.
In certain districts where this lesson has been
learned by experience the only want felt is for more
water. Lying in touch with lands already developed
and in profitable action is just as good soil waiting
for water. Its value now is nominal. When the
wherewithal to make it fruitful is attainable that value
will enormously increase, and the resulting output
will be a needed contribution to the commerce of the
State.
Such districts have an immediate interest in the in
crease and reliability of the water supply. To secure
this a variety of plans may be put in concurrent ac
tion. The storm waters may be diverted and stand
in the soil itself, relying upon the retention of mois
ture by the subsoil and its availability by capillary at
traction. There may also be storage by the locking
of a supply in canyons for use throughout the season,
and its distribution may be arranged for by methods
to be developed by the discussion which is intended to
prepare public sentiment for impression upon
the next Legislature.
Intimately connected with the conservation of water
is the preservation of the forests. So far this sum
mer the destruction of the forests by fire has gone on
unchecked. Not only in the Coast Range but in the
best timbered sections of the Sierras the fires have
rioted unchecked. The smoke has been so thick that
its pungent quality has been irritating to the eyes
and air passages of passengers on the railroad. Vast
tracts of virgin timber have been destroyed and great
rrcas covered by a promising second growth have
been turned to stretchts of black ashes, never to re
cover their tree-producing capacity.
The greater part of this is the work of criminally
careless campers and hunters. The cigarette is a
fruitful source of forest fires. The dirty little roll of
tobacco and opium is thrown into the dry grass and
soon lights a conflagration. The season has been
fotaily favorable to fit es, because the growth of grass
was very rank and the dry season has turned it into
tinder. The mountain people are looking forward
anxiously for the September rains, which will ex
tinguish conflagrations that are raging and render
fresh ones less likely.
We are more than ever convinced that something
must be done by the State and local authorities to
stop this annually increasing destruction of the
Slate's future.
The whoie question of the proper harvesting of tim
ber and preservation of the growing forest is directly
related to agriculture, the State's greatest permanent
interest. An acre of forest permanently destroyed
means finally an acre barren and fruitless. This result
\z inevitable. The connection is direct, and the dam
p.ge susceptible of proof.
We have no doubt that it will be found that the
harvesting of timber in the mountains is just as sub
ject to judicial control as is hydraulic mining, and for
the same reason, its relation to agriculture in the val
leys.
But what shall control the fires and punish the for
est incendiaries? The State Fish and Game Commis
sion appoints game wardens, who keep a very good
oversight of hunters that they do not kill game out of
season. Why not by law increase the number of these
wardens and make of them a forest constabulary, to
watch the hunters and' others who by carelessness set
these fires? Such a plan may be found feasible and
possibly effective.
One is appalled at this waste going on year after
year and seeing nothing done to prevent it or punish
the criminal fools who are usually responsible for it.
The Waters' and Forests' Association may well put
this among the issues which it will present to the
people, for they need to be roused to a sense of its
importance.
Holds That the Mere Fact of Marry,
ing Does Not Render Women
Improper Parsons to v ¦
Teach School.
\ — , —
The Board of Education received an
opinion yesterday from City Attorney
Lane, In which he holds that those reg
ularly elected teachers who were in the
department prior to the going- into effect
of the charter are not subject to removal
under a rule of the department declaring
their positions vacant upon marriage. The
opinion says:
The charter limits the power of the board as
to dismissals by the following- provision.
".But no teacher in the department at the
time of the adoption of this charter or who
chall be hereafter appointed shall be dismissed
from the department except for insubordina
tion, immoral or unprofessional conduct or evi
dent unntn. ss for teaching."
This provision was incorporated into the
charter for the purpose of securing to the
members of the department permanent tenure
except for the causes designated. Those teach
ers who were in the department when the char
ter went into effect remain in the department
under the charter unless they are dismissed for
insubordination, immoral or unprofessional con
duct or evident unfltness for teaching. Unless
marriage while in the department comes under
one of these heads' it is not a cause for re
moval.
It will not be contended, I presume, that the
mere fact of marriajre renders a woman unfit
for teachlnK or that by marrying she is guilty
of Immoral or unprofessional conduct. These
grounds of dismissal being eliminated from
consideration there remains to consider but that
of "insubordination." this word is denned by
the lexicographers a3 "disobedience to lawful
authority." The rule of the board does not
Inhibit marriage. Therefore no rule has been
broken and there is no ground for dismissal on
a charge of insubordination.
It may be said that while the rule of the
board Joes not deny the right to marry it does
deny the right to continue in the department
after marriage. It attempts to do this, to be
sure, but It fails because it la not within the
power of the board to arid a new cause for dis
missal to those set forth in the charter, which
are In general terms those stated in the code.
(Political Code. Sec. 1T'J3.) To say that a
teacher may be ousted from the department by
a rule of the board is to say that a teacher
may be ousted for any cause that the board
may «ee fit to incorporate into a rule— a position
at variance with the positive law. The board
has power to make rules reculatintc the de
partment, prescribing hours of attendance, the
character of the work to be performed an<i such
other rules as will tend to bring the depart
ment under good system and discipline, but it
cannot make a rule that a teacher's position
shall become vacant when she marries, be
cause her marriage is not a matter of school
department business and the causes for -which
she may lose her position have been set forth
in the law, in conformity with which al! rules
must be- made. (Kennedy vs. Board of Educa
tion, S2 Cal. 4S9.)
City Attorney Says Rule of
Board Conflicts With
Charter.
MARRIAGE DOES
NOT DISQUALIFY
THE TEACHERS
j Bryan but ridiculing the platform. The Atlanta Con
j stitution goes further. In defiance of the platform and
j in the face of Bryan's, speech of acceptance, it has
stated in an elaborate editorial that the Democratic
party is not opposed to holding the Philippines. In
ieply to a statement by the Washington Post on the
subject, the Constitution says: "The Post is distinctly
not an organ, and therefore it is regrettable to see it
holding on to the fag-end of a Republican roorback
to the effect that Mr' Bryan and the Democratic party
weie in favor of withdrawing our troop's from the
Philippines and turning the islands over to the terror
ana confusion that would result from Aguinaldo's
dictatorship. As a matter of. fact, no Democrat of
an;, prominence or influence, so far as we know, has
ever dreamed of subscribing to such a proposition."
Theie, then,- is the whole point at issue between
Senator Hoar and Mr. Cockran. The Atlanta Con-
Etituiicn does not know of a single prominent Demo
crat who is opposed to holding the Philippines. Sup
pose, then, Bryan were elected,* what could he do
against the demand of the Southerners for that im
perialism abroad which they are practicing at home
by the suppression of the negro vote?
Rule Adopted by Board of Education
Is in Direct Violation of tha
Charter, He De
clares.
Knowlton Unjustly Dealt
With, Says Superintend
ent Webster.
SUSPENSION OF
VICE PflllCIPM.
AN ILLEGAL ACT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1900.
6
Superintendent "Webster made the state
ment yesterday that the suspension of
Ebenezer Knowlton. vice principal of the*
Everett School. was clearly illegal.
Knowlton was suspended recently by
Chairman Mark of^the Board of Educa
tion under a rule adopted by the board
which provides that "when a teacher haa
been reported as Incompetent or as j.-uilry
of unprofessional, insubordinate or Im
moral conduct the Superintendent op
president of the board shall ;u once sus
pend such teacher from service, without
pay, pending the investigation and final
disposition of such report or charge."
This rule is held by Superintendent
Webster to be In direct conflict with tha
charter, which empowers the Beard at
Education only to elect, promote and dis
miss teachers for cause. No power la
vested in the board to suspend a teacher.
Webster says the action of the board is
an infringement on the life tenure o£
teachers and a dangerous menace to tha
rights guaranteed to them by the Stata
law.
"Webster further contends that he alone)
has the right to recommend the trial of
an accused teacher. Some time ago
vague charges were filed against Knowl
ton by Individuals who 'would not starul
by them and Webster ruled that the
charges were not sustained. On June 20
Miss Frances Panning, principal of the
Kverett School, filed a statement against
Knowlton In which she repeated the
charges and thereupon Mark suspended,
the vice principal, to make room, it Is
said, for Seldon Sturpris. who was con
solidated out of the John Swett School
when the vice principals of the primary
schools "\rere reduced from two to one In
number. « Knowlton reports daily for duty
and will shortly file a statement with tha
board in response to that of Miss Ban
ning. Should he fall of reinstatement ha
•will take the matter into court.
ADVEBTISEaLENTS.
TAA TiTC!
LUAJMo
ON DEFINITE CONTRACT.
INSTALLMENT PLAN.
$12 (3 a month pays up a CdOO loan In 13
years: 120 SO In » years.
Citizens' Euiiding and Loan Asssciafan,
232 MONTGOMERY ST.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY I £t^??\
No Plates Required. \pSi
OUR REMOVABLE BIMDGE WORK 13
beautiful and curable. Warranted 10 years.
Our J3 Plates nt like a glove.
Our method for painless extractive ts patents
and used by no ether dentist on the Paci*I<j
Coast.
PRICE LIST FOR 3O DAYS I
Palrless Kxtractlon ".'o ,
Removable Eridgeworlc $5.»l>
Amalgam J>Oa
Mrs. Dr. R. U Walsh will attend to tha chil-
dren's teeth— painlessly.
DR. F«. I— W*%l_SH.
JIT.?! GEARY STREET, between Hyda and
Larkln. Telephone Polk 1135.
PALACE HOTEL
It is universally acknowledged that these
hotels pc.«sess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on tha
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
»
PEERLESS OIL COMPANY."
IS PREPARED TO SVPPXSC
FUEL OIL
By tbe carload, la any quantity, at any r&IV
road station.
Address Room 47. E!«nth Floor. Mills CulM_
Ins. San Francisco.
W. X. HESS. ¦¦
ROTARY PUtfLIO AHJ ATTOBNE?-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckela Bide
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California st., below Poirtll.
San Fraacisa*.
Cheap Bates to Chicago and Beturn.
On the 21st and Z2d Inst.. when purchasing
tickets to Chicago and return, be careful thit
they read one way via the Northern Parffla
Railway. The only line running to the Yel-
lowstone Park. Inquire for information of T.
K. Stateler. General A«;ent. 60S Market St..
next to Chronicle buiMing.
_ ¦ » ¦
Chicago and Beturn $72 50.
Tickets on .tale August Zl and 22. {food for
return within ¦ sixty daya. Only Gju hcurs to
Chicago on the "Overland Limited." via the
1'nlon Pacific Railway. 1 Montgomery st.. Sit*
FranctJKKJ. -
Tha Santa F« will s»H tickets to Chicago
and return on August 21 and 22 at the verr
low rate of IT3 50. good for sixty days. This
Is a very low rats and is op^n for ail. They
will tell you all about It at <CS Market str»vt
NOETHESN PACIFIC RAIL-WAY,
Conductor — Why didn't you -wave that
red flag Instead of the green when I sent
you down the track? You could have
saved this train.
Pat— For no man will Ot wave a red flag
whin Oi have a granc wan!— Life.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by fha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's).- 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cameras, photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for unmounted
photographs. Printing and developing
done in the latest styles. Sanborn, Vail <£
Co.. 711 Market street. •
Cal. glace trait 50c p#r » at Towssend'v'
AMUSEHENT&,
T5vo:j— "Othello."
Alcazar— "A Pult of KaWe."
ColmnbU—^The Adventures of the LaSy Ursula."
< "rj.i.runi— Vaudeville.
?rand Opera-HocM — "Trilby.-
Ca!:forn!a — "The BrowcJea in Fair-j-iani."
OljtbpU. cci-ntT Mason ar.i I-MJy streets— Specialties.
Ch-tPs. Zoo anJ 'I heater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Tischer's — V&nflevlUe.
Sutra l?ath£-^Opca Nights.
.^tate Fair. Fecramfnt>— Sertesr.bcr 3 to 15.
AUCTION SAI.SS.
By A. V.'. Loudprhark— To-day, at 2 o'clock, Turkish and
Persian Hugs, at earner Oe-ary and tiockion streets.Closing Out Odd Lots.
One thousand odd framed 'pictures am
panels, from 25 cents up,, to be closed ou
to make room for fall goods. Every thini
marked with a red tag to be sold at one
half off from the regular price. Sanborn
Vail & Co.( 741 Market street. •
A number of bills contracted last year
by the. Fire Department were held up in
the Auditor's office yesterday. They were
for mad© with D.' O'Keefe for
forage, amounting to ; J1000. • = The Auditor
refused to pay them on the ground that
there were no f unda left In last year's
Fire Demands Held Up.
Another branch of the Fair estate ca«
Is to be argued to-day in the Supreme
Court. It 13 that of Trustee Angus
against .Mrs. Craven. Superior Judge
Slack decided that the documents pur
porting to be deeds to certain city prop
ertv from the late Senator James G. Fall
to "Mrs. Craven are ¦ forgeries, but Mrs
Craven wished this matter to be passec
upon by a jury and she appealed from ai
order o*f the court denying her right to {
Jury in this matter.
To Argue About Dseds.
Memorial Service for C. P. Hunting
ton at First Presbyterian Church.
A memorial service for the late C. P.
Huntington will- be held at. 11 o'clock to
morrow morning at . the First Presby
terian Church, corner of Van Ness ave
nue and Sacramento street, when a ser
mon will be preached by the Rev. Robert
Mackenzie, D.D. Mr. Otto Flelssner will
preside at the organ and the singing will
be led by the double quartet of the Cali
fornia Commandery. Knights Templar,
who will also render several selections.
A cordial Invitation is extended to all
friends of the late Mr.. Huntington.
President J. T. Hurley was re-elected
by a unanimous vote; Vice President John
Hagler was re-elected by acclamation: K.
Lauterbach was elected secretary; Treas
urer John Thode was re-elected unani
mously.
A special meetine of the San Francisco
Protective Association was held yester
day afternoon for the election of officers.
The association is composed of represen
tatives of the following organizations:
Brewers' Protective Association, Pacific
Coast Beer Bottlers' Protective Associa
tion. Soda Water Bottlers' Protective As
sociation. German Saloonkeepers' Pro
tective Association. Retail Grocers' Pro
tective Union, Retail Liquor Dealers' Mu
tual Protective Association, Retail Liquor
Dealers' and Barkeepers' Protective As
sociation.-Retail Grocers' Association.
Liquor Trade Officers.
Edgar L. Hunt, son of Mr. and Mrs. "W.
B. Hunt of 1226 Waller street, died at the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company's
Hospital at Fourteenth and Mission
streets <ast Wednesday night after an ill
ness of twenty days of typhoid fever.
Young Hunt was a Native Son of tho
Golden West and, although but IS years
old, was a graduate of Van der Nnillen's
School of Engineering and at the time of
his death held a lucrative position In the
engineering department of the Southern
Pacific. He was regarded as a young man
of exceptional ability and his sudden
death is deeply deplored by all who knew
him.
Death, of Edgar I*. Hunt.
The San Francisco Daily Commercla
News has issued Its twenty-fifth annua
number. The edition Is unquestlonablj
the most elaborate of -Its kind ever pub
lished in the West.— Astoria News. •
"We acknowledge with thanks the receipt
of a copy ofxthe annual review of the
Daily Commercial News and Shipping
List. It is a carefully compiled series ol
'coast trade statistics that every business
man needs In his office for ready refer
ence. Typographically the work Is far
ahead of the general line of annual re
views. It is as beautiful as It is valuable.
—California Fruit Grower.
The annual issue of the San Franciscc
Commercial News and Shipping List, giv
ing the details of the business of the Pa
cific Coast for the year ending June 30. is
very complete In every detail and hand
somely printed.— Chicago Trade Bulletin.
The twenty-fifth annual review of the
San Francisco Commercial News was
Issued July 16 and is the best of the many
yearly special editions of that excellent
journal that have yet appeared. -The re
view under notice contains some 129 pages
of reading matter, Including a number or
excellent half-tones of vessels and various
marine scenes of San Francisco and the
Pacific Coast. — American Shipbuilder
(New York).
The annual number of the Dally Com
mercial News is one of the finest spec!
mens of typography and presswork w<
have ever seen. The many line engraving!
with which the number is illustrated an
printed admirably. * ? • —Wasp.
The Daily Commercial News was estab
lished in 1S75 to report facts regarding
commerce, trade and finance, primarily of
the city, and beyond that, so far as pos
sible, the condition existing in the State
outside of San Francisco and the Pacific
Coast.
For a^iuarter of a century it has been
successfully maintained, always promptly
paying all obligations and leaving enough
ovtr to satisfy the proprietors with the
dividends earned. The Commercial Pub
lishing Company, the outgrowth of the
consolidation of the newspaper and the of
fice printing it, has become one of . the
leading printing ottices on the coast and
its reputation for honesty and fair deal
ing Is of the best. When the Commercial
News put forth Its twenty-fifth Souvenir
Number in magazine form it was in the
hope of making for the company a name
not easily forgotten. It did more; It made
the paper not only an artistic and llterary
success, but a financial success. A few
of the press notices, condensed, as must
be necessary here, are annexed:
The twenty-fifth annual review of the
San Francisco Dally Commercial News
and Shipping List, with its interesting
letter-press and artistic half-tones, Is a
valuable and handsome contribution to
the maritime literature of the coast.— New
York Marine Journal.
The phenomenal success of the Commer
cial'News of this city, the only daily paper
devoted exclusively to commerce and
finance published west of New York, is a
triumph in journalism that ranks with
other and financially greater enterprises
that have made San Francisco, Cal., and
tho Pacific Coast famous.
A Paper to Be Proud Of.
Gustav Videau, an ex-policeman, was
arrested yesterday afternoon by Detective
CDea on a warrant charging him with
obtaining money by false pretenses. The
complaining witness is George M. "With
ers, manager of the Withers Drug Com
pany, on Valencia street. He claims that
Videau gave him a check for $10 on the
Wells-Fargo Bank and that tho check
was worthless. Videau resigned from the
force in 1SS8 and was reappointed in 1S95.
After serving two years he was dismissed
from the department for unofflcer-llke
conduct. As an officer Videau has an
unenviable record.
Ex-Policeman Videau in Trouble.
Stricken "With Pneumonia at His
Home Last Wednesday
Evening.
James Edward Nolan died suddenly
"Wednesday night at the residence of his
father, P. F. Nolan, 142S Golden Gate ave
nue. The deceased was at Inglesido last
Saturday afternoon with a party of
friends, and while overheated from a long
walk he caugnt cold. He returned home
and complained of a Blight indisposition.
Pneumonia followed and he sank very
rapidly.
The funeral will take place this morning
from the family residence at 10:30. thence
to Holy Cross Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be said for his soul.
The deceased was a popular youngr man
around town, and his loss will be felt by
a large number of friends.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
JAMES EDWARD NOUN
appropriation and the bills of last year
cannot be paid out of this year's funds.
The St. Mary's Parfc fund of $125,000 la
still held intact by the Treasurer, and
should the decision of the Superior Court
that tho money shall be used for other
purposes be upheld by the Supreme Court
all demands against the city for 1S93-1900
will be paid.
Thomas T. Townsend, former husband
of the late Mrs. Almlra S. Townsend, has
opened his fight for a portion of the de
cedent's estate. Proceeding on the con
tention that he was the legal husband
of tho deceased at the time of her death,
he filed an application yesterday for let
ters of administration upon her estate.
As surviving husband of the deceased
Townsend claims the right to administer
her estate and will force his claim to. a
hearing.
Townsend has retained the services of
Attorney G. Gunzendorfer to pros-scute
his claim. In the petition he llrst sets
forth the fact of Mrs. Townsend's death
and the fn.ct that she left property valued
at ?500,0CO. lie further says that he Is 71
years of age and has resided in this city
lor many years past. No reference is
made to the proceedings by which Mrs.
Townaend obtained a divorce from him
years ago, the right to letters being based
on the one assertion that the petitioner
is the surviving husband of the deceased.
Though no reference is made to the di
vorce proceedings it Is understood that
their regularity will be attacked by Mr.
Townsend. If this course is taken by
him he will immediately become an Im
portant factor in the coming litigation
over the 'estate. If it be proved that the
decree was Illegally procured by Mrs.
Townsend then, under the law. he will be
entitftt tO | succeed to one-half of the
estate. Records of Eastern courts will be
searched by qualified .commissioners, and
though Townsend may be defeated in the
end. if he persists in forcing his claim. It
will be years before the order for the
tinal distribution of Mrs. Townsend's
wealth will stand on the record.
Mrs. Ella F. Murray's application for
letters of administration upon the estate
of her deceased mother will be heard by
Judge Troutt this morning. The applica
tion filed yesterday by Mr. Townsend may
, result in a. continuance that the opposi
tion can prepare to combat his claim.
It Is Believed That an Attack Will
Bs Made on the Legality
of the Divorce Pro-
Makes Claim That He Is Her
Surviving Husband and
Heir at Law.
TOWNSEND TO
TRY FOR FORMER
WIFE'S ESTATE
Miss Rachpauer reached the conclusion
that she would rather be Mrs. Strickert
than to have the $25,000. A month ago
their wedding was arranged and Strick
ert went forth to procure a marriage
license. He Inquired of "Cupid" Dan
forth If Choynski could hold him re
sponsible for the fee the lady owed him.
and when "Cupid" told him he could not
Strickert got the license.
They were married. Choynski Informed
Attorney M. H. Hernan, who represented
Strickert in the breach of promise suit,
that he believed he was entitled to a
fee, and he placed his price at 1250. Strick
ert offered Choynski. through his attor
ney, a nominal fee. Choynski spurned the
offer and waited a chance to get even.
He is of opinion that the chance has ar
rived.
Mr. and Mrs. Strickert went to dwell
together, but last Tuesday Mrs. Strickert
filed suit for divorce, alleging cruelty as
cause of action. To prosecute her case
George I* Hughes appeared. Again had
Ohoynski been slighted.
He closeted himself with Judge Dalnger
field and laid before the court his sus
picion that collusion existed between Mr.
and Mrs. Strickert. Judge Daingerfleld
appointed him amicus curia© forthwith, in
order that he might continue his investi
gations as an officer of the court. Judge
Daingerfleld informed Choynski that if he
proved that collusion existed a motion
made by him that the decree of divorce be
pet aside would be entertained by. the
court and the suffering litigants be forced
to live together or apart if they chose, but
as man and wife, as punishment for the
deception which they had practiced on the
court.
Late Wednesday afternoon the case was
called for hearing and Mrs. Strickert pro
ceeded to prove her case. She testified
that Strickert was in the habit of pinch
ing her and punching her and cursing her.
These facts she proved to the satisfaction
of the court. A decree was entered and
silence again reigned until yesterday
when Attorney Choynski made angry ap
pearance on the scene.
MRS. MAE.THA STIUCKEBT.
IX.
Political Conditions in 1800.
From the Government point of view the
nineteenth century will be notable in all
future history as the era of the triumph of
democracy. The beginning of the move
ment for political liberty dates back to j
the early medieval period of European j
historj't but a review of conditions at the ;
opening of this century shows that the >
long struggle had resulted In the establish- j
ment of self-government in only two na- j
tlons. Great Britain had established a i
Parliamentary government on a sure j
basts, and building on foundations of Eng- i
lish- precedent America had erected a sta- I
ble republic before 1S00. France had passed i
through a whirlwind of fire and blood In a i
desperate attempt to realize the ideals of !
"liberty, equality and fraternity," but just
BS the century opened Napoleon wrested |
from the unhappy nation the doubtful
freedom which it had bought at a price !
which appalled humanity, and the repub- !
lie was crushed Tby a military despotism
as absolute as the regime of Louis XIV.
A review of the rest of the world shows '
the monarchical principle firmly enthroned
save in little Switzerland.
The Triumph, of Democracy.
As we look abroad to-day at the close of
the century we see self-government estab
lished In more or less perfect measure In
every civilized country of the world save
Russia. Among the great nations Amer
ica and Great Britain now stand as types
of the most perfect democracy that the
world has seen since the days of ancient :
Greece. In those countries where the mon
archical institutions still exist the royal
prerogative Is very narrowly limited, and
the will of the people finds full expression
in free Parliaments. The final establish
ment of government by the people
throughout the larger«part of the civilized
W 2f ! u Is « the crownin ? glory -of a century
which Is resplendent with glorious
achievements in every field of human ac-
The general process of democracy which
has characterized our century has'worked
under widely different conditions in dif
ferent countries, and to follow its action
we must glance briefly at the govern
mental development of a few important
nations.
The Development of the United
States.
In America the opening of the century
round government by the people in suc
cessful operation under the present con
: stitution. For nearly a quarter of a cen
tury the United States had been an inde
pendent republic under the declaration of
li.fi. and for a decade it had enjoyed ef
ficient national government. Still the po
litical philosophers of the day felt that
republican government in America was
an experiment of doubtful issue. The
modern world showed no other Instance
of such government except the little r<v
public of Switzerland, and the stability of
democracy on a large scale was yet to be
proved.
But, although they were pioneers in a
perplexing field, the framers of our con
stitution succeeded in establishing a gov
ernment on such wise lines that the fun
damental law has required very few for
mal changes during more than a century
of growth. Nevertheless, while the form
of the constitution has remained practi
cally unaltered, our Government has been
changing constantly in spirit and method.
By ever broadening interpretation of the
written constitution the system has been
adjusted to changing demands. Thus the
republic of 10<v> differs widely from the
republic of 1S00. although its fundamental
law has been amended very slightly. The
great change which has been wrought
may be best expressed as the evolution
from a virtual aristocracy to a real dem
ocracy.
From Aristocracy to Democracy.
It is commonly believed that the found
ers of our nation were ardent advocates
of democratic equality. That this is a
mistaken conception appears from an ex
amination of the' form of government
which they established when they had
achieved independence. In the first place
the laws of the various States greatly re
stricted the voting privilege. . Universal
manhood suffrage was not an eighteenth
century idea even in liberty-loving Amer
ica. It was the fashion for political lead
ers to declare that the voice of the people
is the voice of God, but they wanted to
select the people. A glance at the Fed
eral constitution also shows how far were
the revolutionary statesmen from Implicit
confidence in the people. For instance,
the original electoral-college system of
choosing the President was an attempt
to secure an aristocratic, not a demo
cratic choice. The provision for the se.
lection of Senators by State Legislatures
Is a Bimilar Instance of lack of faith la
direct popular action.
But the century was still young when
the people asserted their right to ruuku
direct choice or. their ITesiUent and dis
covered a way to do this under the con
stitution by the device of pledged electors.
Next they took into their hands the nomi
nation of their candidates for the Presi
dency. At first nominations had, been
made by Congressional caucus, but
clamor for a more democratic choice sus
pended this method after Is24. and. after a.
period of confusion, therp developed about
1840 the present representative national
convention. Meantime property quallrica
tlons and other restrictions on the suf
frage were disappearing, and the political
parties were organizing on the primary
plan of representation.
These devolpments are simply sympto
matic of the development of a spirit of
extreme democracy, which demanded that
this should be as direct a Government by
all the people as it was possible to ar
range. The latest manifestation of this
spirit is the widespread agitation for the
introduction of the referendum on a plan
similar to that employed in Switzerland.
Many political scientists believe that we
In America have gone too fast and too far
on this road toward the most extreme
democracy. They believe that restriction.*
f>n the suffrage which would exclude the
ignorant and unstable element of our
present citizenship would insure better
Government. But this academic discus
sion has no apparent Influence on, practi
cal politics. Democracy is Indeed
triumphant in America, and the solution
of our difficulties must come through the
education of this democracy.
Democracy in Great Britain.
As we tuA to Great Britain to note the
development of a century, wp are con
sidering the country which first estab
lished self-government in the modern
world. For 600 years and more before th<»
beginning of our century the people of
Kngland had steadily pressed toward a
free Parliamentary Government. During
the seventeenth century they had be
headed one King and exiled another who
had attempted to rule without the consent
of the poverned. Durlnsr the century pre
ceding 1 our own the Cabinet system waa
perfected and the responsibility of Min
isters to the House of Commons was
clearly defined.. The crown had been
brought under control of the popular will
as expressed in Parliament, and th*»
House of Lords had lost the larger part
of its influence before 1S0O. The House of
Commons was thus the real sovereign of
Enerland.
Nevertheless Kngland was not a democ
racy at the beginning of our century. The
real governing body, the House of Com
mon.", did not represent the people r>f
England. A vicious system of electing
members of the House deprived great
masses of the people of all voice In tha
Kovernment and gave into the hands of ¦
few rich land owners the power to appoint
a majority of the members of the Com
mons. Reform of the representation sys
tem be^an with the preat act of 1S32. and
was perfected by subsequent acts of 15K8
and 1SS4. The wrong of centuries wa*
thus righted and the House of Commons
began to refiect fairly the opinions of the
British people. The reform of the repre
sentation was the one thing needful to
make the government of Great Britain a
real democracy, and thus the last battJo
of the greatest struggle for political lib
erty In all history was won in, our cen
tury.
Kepublicanism in France.
The nation which stands beside tfci
ITnited States as the second greatest re
public in the world has had a stormy
governmental history during the last 10Q
years. The first republic established by
I the French Revolution was just yielding
to the absolutism of Napoleon when tho
century began. When Napoleon was con
quered by the allied armies of Europe in
I 1S15 France was handed back to the Bour
| bons, and remained a monarchy until tho
i great wave of popular revolution which
i swept Europe In IStS drove Louis Philippe
from the throne and brought Louis Na
poleon to the front as the President of
the second republic. Following closely In
the footstep? of hl3 uncle, the great N'a
poletrn. the President of France speedily
tn'J'e himself the Emperor of the French,
and it required the convulsion of tha
Franco-Pru3sian war of 1S71 to overthrow
the empire and pet up the third republic.
The parliamentary system thus estab
lished has endured for a generation, but
its existence has seemed so precarious at
times that if France were the only ex
emplar of republican government the ene
mies of this system would have some Jus
tification for repeating to-day the grave
forecasts of failure which were so common
a century ago when our own free govern
ment was In the experimental stage.
France 13 ever looking apprehensively for
the man on horseback who will override
republican institutions and revive tha
monarchy.
Note.— This study, by Dr. Frederic VT.
Spiers of Philadelphia, will be concluded
on Friday next.
COmPARflTIVE STUDIES OF T\A/O CENTURIES.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
PROGRESS OF- GOVERNMENT IN 100 YEARS,
CHOYNSKI CHARGES COLLUSION
IN STRICKERT DIVORCE CASE
Tangled Ending
of Latigatnoe
Because Fee
Was Unpaid.
After Strickert found that it was use
less to attempt to negotiate the matter
he filed an answer to the complaint, in
which he set forth that he waa willing at
any time to marry the young woman
who wanted $23,000 of his money. . Then
Having implicit faith In Strickert, she
alleged, as well as a full store of ignor
ance regarding American customs, she
lived with him up to six months before
the filing of her suit, when she discov
ered that he had deceived her. Her prayer
to him that he marry her and thus atone
for the wrong he had done her went un
heeded, and she demanded that his gold
pay for his deceit.
In her complaint the then Miss Rach
pauer. who is 19 years of age, alleged
that she came to this city from her home
In Germany three years ago. believing 1
herself to. be the affianced wife of Paul
Strickert On her arrival here she met
Strickert, and on his statement that no
regular ceremony was required under
California laws and that a mere agree
ment to live as husband and wife was
sufficient, she assumed the relation of
wife to him.
Several months ago there was filed In
the office of the County Clerk a complaint
for breach of promise, in which Martha
Rachpauer appeared as plaintiff and Paul
Strickert defendant.
Choynski, with Martha Rachpauer that
was for a client and with a good breach
of promise case prepared, was making an
assault on Strickert's pocketbook. The
sum demanded from Strickert for the
wron ?or d /SJ: 6 the f ormer Miss Rachpauer
was $25,000. When things got too warm
for Strickert he cheated Choynski's hope
for a big fee by marrying the girl. Now
Mrs. Strickert has again blasted Choyn
ski s hope by hiring another lawyer to
frte her from the unhappy married life
into which Choynski generated her This
is the reason Choynski mutters "double
cross," and Is operating as amlcus cu
ria e.
e=jf=JHE ardent wooing, the breach of
promise suit, the wedding, the lltl
11 cation and now the divorce of Paul
Strlckcrt by his wife, Martha Strickert,
has brought up the whole Btory with re
newed and added Interest. Attorney Her
bert Choynski appears in the background
of this last— the dlvorco proceeding— and
he is Faying things about the "double
cross," "bunko" and "ungratefulness."
Armed with authority as amlcus curlae,
he asserts that he will prove that Martha
and Paul Strickert were guilty. of collusion
in the divorce proceedings. This done,
Choynski will see that the decree of di
vorce granted lute "Wednesday evening by
Judge Dalneerfield Is set aside and that
Paul and Martha remain as man and
wife, whether they will or no. And all of
this is because Choynski is out his fee,
which he says he earned when he brought
Strickert to the altar to wed the woman
v.ho has just divorced him.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
MATINEE TO-MORROTV.
L&i-t Three Nights cf the Eig Cast la
Sfeit McaiJar Xlsht. First Tirae Here.
Mile. Rejaa«'B Dramatic Version of
£<»at« Now on ?a>, f» the "RM" Sapha.
PRICES— lie. IZe. 25c. SOe.
A K<-w Front Row* in Orchestra, .ac.
Saturday Matinee— 10c. 15c. 25c. &0c
branch Ticket Offl<*. Emporium.
A HOYEITY BILL ol USUSUAL EXCELLENCE
FOUR JUGGLING JOHNSONS.
BAM 2IOEHIS AND CO.
MRS. BESSIE BLITZ PAXTON.
MACABT'S DOGS AND MONKEYS.
Becn»-tt an] Ftj»7nb1«-r: Mf*lt«- BaJter Trio:
Ilock*T en<l Davie: Joily John Najh;
Am*rioan Blograph.
Reserved *»ats. 2>; balcony. 10ci opera ehalr»
t ¦-* box fc**tc, :.'.r,
Ma'.it.**» \\*an**tlm\y. Saturday *nd Hunday.
CUCTAIM RISES AT i P. M, SHARP.
To-nitrtit end Saturday eveninc.
"OTHELLO."
Ave/iuna. £a!h<sa. Graham and Ldchter,
Matinee to-morrow «tn4 6-jn/isy ni«rht.
"RIGOLETTO."
Rueeo, Ferrari, Nicolini, folltlal and Rep*tto.
p\ Week-TAMAUSER and MI6NGN,
t-<ats on Bale Ff-vn Days Ahead.
POPULAR PRICES— £5 AND &0 CENTS.
Telephone— BiiEh *.
AMUSEME1CTS.
CUTICURA, THE SET, $1.29. Complete External and Internal Treatment for
Everv Hnnior, consisting of Coticcr v SOAr (SjC.). to cleanse the skin of crusts ftnd scales
ami eoltcn the th'.ckeaed cuticle, Ccticcba. Oistjizkt (50r,), to instantly allay itching,
Ij-ruar^n, and inflammation, acd soothe and heal, and Ccncrai Uesolvest (EOc.). to
cool it<fi riearse the blcxxL A SI5GLE SettIs often Buffideut to cure the most torturing,
c i 6ti*r'>*ig itkin, eriilp, and blood Immors, raehes, and irritations, with loss of hair, when
phvMdar.*, hosplta!?. and all else tell. Sold throughout the ¦vrorld. Potter Decg sso
Chesi. Ccu., 6cie I'rop3., Uo&ton, llaes. "How to Cure Every lliunor." Iree.
•
And a single anointing with CUTICURA, the
great skin cure and purest of emollients. This
is the purest, sweetest, most speedy, permanent,
and economical treatment for torturing, disfigur-
ing, itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, crusted,
and pimply skin and scalp humors with loss of
hair, and has received the endorsement of physi-
cians, chemists, and nurses throughout the world*
V sr CmcrEA Soap Excixsito.y lot preserving, prof ying> and Ijeautif ying the skin,
for cleansing tho scalp of crssts, 6cales, and dandruff, and the stopping of fallin
hzzr, for softening, •whitening, and soothing red, rongh, and sore handsi, in the form
of baths for annoying irrit&tions, inflammations, and chaflngs, or too freo or offensive
perspiration, in the form of -washes for nlcerative -weaknesses, and for many sanative
antiseptic poposes -which readily suggest themselves to -woman, and especially
mothers, and for all tho purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery, amount ol
persuasion can induce those who have once used it to use any othar, especially for
preserving and purifying the skin, scalp, and hair of Infants and children. Ccn-
cxtbjl Soat combines delicate emollient properties derived from CxmcxrEA, tho
great skin cure, -with the purest of cleansing ingredients and the most refreshing of
flower odors. No other medicated t oap ever compounded is to bo compared witb.
it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying tho skin, scalp, hair, ami bauds.
*\o other foreign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared with
it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in Osb
Soap at Oxe Pk:ce, viz., Twisxr-nrB Cests, tho best ekin and complexion
soap, the eest toilet and eest baby soap in the world.
of the Skin and Scalp Instantly
Relieved by a Bath with
And every Distressing Irritation
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year.
AMUSEMENTS.
A1&TJSEKLENTS.
>R*5i *-^ lei fj» jm mm sr^ gS* w A ?L
MATINEE TO-MORP.OW.
LAST THREE XIGITTS.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by "WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In Charlotte Thomrwon's New Play,
NEXT "WEEK.
6j>*ctactilar Production of
-"SAPHO." —
henrySxiller
And a BPECIAL COMPANY,
TO-NIGHT, Saturday NlgM and Saturday
"The Adienture^onte Udj Ursula"
BECtnmntin First Time Here— THE
M^olr. lONLY WAY!
SEAT* NOW rtKADY.
NOTE— Owing to th« Immense sale of seats
ftret-nlght subscribers are reenectfully re- '
quwtwl to call for their seats by to-morrow
Sun5ay Nlsht— nURTOS HOLMES LECTURE.
feubjoct— "MOKI U.ND- (Snaka Dancea) .
LAST CHANCES
To Be« Tho Favorites. '
% "THE BROWNIES
tW IN FAIRYLAND "
Tx?*¥ *e _^*w To-nlsht. To-roorrow Aft-
\3Q4^> IT 5 ?**/ ernoon. To-morrow Night
cKvjr ErP%£ and Sunday Afternoon.
*£&& *£2£t& Tb " F^nr Bailer,
fcjp3*"' V|wr' Th« Transformation Bcene.
vt X?Lr£5 r Tho I ' unn y Brownies.
jS «w The Lovely Fairies,
Gf Vy BEFORE THEY LEAVE.
-/^^. V « Next Sunday Night — LEE,
•±=Z5£l -JL-J Th« World "B Greatest
Hypnotist, In Hie Startling
Hypnotio Achievement*.
CHUTES AN^Z00. E^ y E A Sr
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
SEABURY, h"i£h Div?i\
SPECIAL TO-MORROW NIGHT—
SAPHO AND A1ONSTER
CAKEWALK.
Order Seats by rhone — Park 23.
SUTRG BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS. Open Daily from 7 a. m.
to 11 p. m. Uathlng irom 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, 5c. BATH-
ING, including admission. 15c; children. 20c.
I7TQPW17R J C; CONCERT HOUSE.
riOUnfcnO Admission 10:.
Ethel La Crolx. Soprano: Irene Franklin, Cor-
i n^tistv Little Hazel Sexton: Berlin Sisters, Vo-
calists: Eudora F<->rd*. Contralto, and Conlon
end Ryiler, Comedian?.
R'wrrvd B«»&.ts. 2Tic: Matlne*. Sunday.
§VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In u»e over fifty
years by the leader* of tha
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures ths
worst canes In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
clcarette-smokinfc. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Nlitht Losses, Insom-
nia, Fain* In Eack. Evil Desires. Lame- Hack.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry Loss of Semen. mmm Varicocole or Con-
rtlpatlon. Stops ne *^J ffJ rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects J^^r«are immediate.
Impart vigor and ttlw:l potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate* the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for J2 EO by mail. A written guarantee to
cure cr money refunded with 8 boxes. Circulars
free Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
it San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUO CO..
38 and 40 Third Bt. , i ¦
£vis:'» OR- JORDAN'S sreat^
mzim of arbtosyI
# £B 1051 &&3ZXT8V. tot. 6£ft7&,S.?.Cd.i
cj' The LoTce*T Anatomical Museum In tbe \
A V jT*]> _ World. Weiifcneiwi cr iny contracted m
W JsSsSS dlstnepcsitlwcly cured by the oldeit 7
<|> J£3t3$l SpecidiiirnthoCoeU. E9t36yeu». Q
rl I&0& BH. i'.Cfi3A.¥-*»S!ifATS DISEASES 4
\ P^**SSJ3 Coarottcttai frcn »nd irrictly pr1j»fe. '
M I Vffljfl Trt itment personally rr by Utter. A ( '
V II \¥ ifa U #m.<»8 Curfltn every cfttc uadertali ea. '
A mil llCt Wntofor Unnl:.PE31LOH«li s a"«r«ri ,
™* it 1^ JUBUIACK, MAILED tfRUE, !A\
» Jj 11 nluable book foe am) ' .
9 DS. JORDAH <$ (CO., lOdl Market Bt.,8. F. '
. It FOR WEAK WOMEK. ;
liBECCID FaQ-CUCXU. B
CALIFORNIA'S
| "M 0 S T '
~~^T~ REMARKABLE —;-<"
Ess SPENDTHRIFT |ksm
THEM ALL SECTION
== A FORTUNE THAT HAS
ONLY BEEN A HOODOO
| How to See the $
f Yosemite Valley f
at Minimum Cost
THE FUNNIEST EXPERT
ENCES OF MARK THALL
Most Interesting
Case of Mental
Telepathy Known
Man Who Sheds His Skin
Every Year. Gathering
Bulls for a Bull Fight
AND A HOST OF 1 O T
INTERESTING STOkicS
¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.Continued on Page Eleven.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
ARRTVETA
Thursday, Atjpjst II
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 25 hours from Monter«y.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscun, S5 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. 34 hours
from Crescent City.
Stmr Seauola, Wiskefc 3S hours from, Ofibrt
Los Acseles.
Stmr Ueo Loomls, Bridgett. 32 hours from
"Ventura.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. 21 hours from Usal.
Ship Erskine M Phelps, Graham. 23 day a
from Honolulu. »k
Ship Santa. Clara, Ldndberg. 17 days tn-e^-
Karluk. /
Dark Merom. Peterson, 42 days from Naknek
Bay.
Schr Amethyst, Zimmerman. 5 days from
Waldport.
CLEARED.
Thursday. August 15.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons. Eure'^AV Goodall.
Perkins & Co. -4T l
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
¦ Stmr San Mateo. Fletcher, Nanalaao; P I Co.
Br ship Crown of India, Williamson. Queens
town; Girvtn & Eyre.
Bark S C Allen. Johnson. Honolulu; WS1-
Ilams. Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
* - , Thursday. Auzust 14.
TJ S stmr Warren. Frailer. Manila.
Stmr Orizaba. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. .
Stmr Aztec. Trask. Kobe.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Lueila. Miller. Usal.
Stmr Cleone, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Sequnla. Winkle, .
Aus stmr Siam. Xlgga. Manila, via Honolulu
and Guam. _ ,^_™
Br ship Beechbank. Buchanan. Quw.stown.
Bark S C Allen. Johnson. Honolulu.
Schr Corinthian. Korth. Dowens Landing.
Schr Guide. Olsen. Grays «afbor.
Schr Mayflower. Olsen. Coquille- Ki%er.
S POX EX.
Per stmr Xavarro-Au* K off Point P.eyes.
ship Roanoke. from T»a!timcre. for San *ran-
MEMORA-NDUM.
•Per bark Merom from Naknek Bay. Aug la
t>oi>;t IvOFOS. Aur is. io p m— Weataer
fo«y wind SW, velocity 12 miles,
foggy, wina ports.
NEWPORT i S)— Arrived Aus 15 — Stmr
B S l?AT i rt- E -Ar C r1ved Uif Au^ 15-Schr I*ttltU.
fmm Nome- «*r ship Arethusa. from Per: »
T?wn«ndT U 8 stmr Columbine and stmr fiU- k
K Lff City of Seattte. 1^,"
?a^ lofrL^^ei 1 ; f ° r X ° me; A1 "
vr'AH n\r-PasseJ in Aus 13- Schr Laurel.
trotri Some: ih^p Fort George, hence July »,
f °PO^T t llA r L'i^ )^ K ~i Vrrlv ' <1 Au * 15— Bktn Re
tr pORT VoWNs'EXIV-Passed In Auk 18— BarU
Tidal Wave, frcm .
Arrived Aug 16— Schr Bowhead. from Nome:
jchr J B Leeds, from Nome; schr Azalea, from
H GREKNWOOD— Arrived Aue 16— Stmr Alca
zar hence Aue 13.
FOP.T BRAGG— Arrived Aus 15-Stmr Na
tional City, hence Aue 15.
Sailed Aue IS— Stmr Noyo. for San Kran-
Cl EUBEKA— Arrived Ausr 15-Schr II C Wright,
from Nome; schr Maxim, hence Aug 9.
Sailed Aug 16— Stmr Del Norte. for San Fran
ci»co- stmr Eureka, for Saji Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Aue IS— Schr
Newark, hence Aur 13.
USAL— Arrived Aug 16-Stmr Sunol. hence
HOUDA LANDING — Arrived Aub M— Stmr
CoqulHe River, hence Aug 1*.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Aug 15— Schr Laur^
May. for San Francisco.
Sailed Aug 18— BXtn Tam o* Shanter, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aus 16— Scfcr A 31 Bax
ter, for .
TACOMA-Arrtved Aur 16-Schr Salvator.
from Port Townsend: hark Tidal Wave, from
Sailed Aur IS — Schr Glendale. for San Fran
clsco: schr Mary E Russ. for San Franolscci
PORT BLAKELEY-Salled Auk 1^-Schr V
nlla, for Port Pirle: schr Vega, for GoU>!»
Bay.
ASTORIA — Sailed Aub 13 — Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NORFOLK— Satled Aug 15— U S stmr Satnm.
for Manila or China.
TO SAIL.
Business on the morning: session of the Bond
Exchange was very fair, but variations were
few. Giant Powder was weaker at $35 62%©
$S5 50.
In the afternoon Hutchinson sold lower at
$23^23 50.
There was nothing new in oil stocks.
The quarterly dividend of 6 cents per share
by the Pacific Auxiliary Flr« Alarm Company
will be paid to-day. •
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Aus. 16-8 p. m .
Uid.Ask. Blrf.Aak.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co 3>i 3%
4s quar coup..ll?U116 Mutual El Co. 10 11
4s do rey 115-4116 JO G L, & H — so
4s do cr> new..l32H133»-i-Pac Gai Imp.. 50% 51Vi
ts quar coup.. 109 110 Pac L Co 44»* —
Aliscellaneous— Sa^ KlO&PCo. JS —
ral-*t Cab 5s..ll«U — S F G & E.... 52% 53H
C C Water 5s.lO5% — San Francisco. 5 6^i
Ed L & P SS.127V3 — Ukn O tt E Co 10 — !
F & CI Ry 6s.. 115 — Insurance—
Geary-st R 6s. — 99 Flrem's Fund. 227 —
H C A S 5%«. — — Bank Stocks—
Do 5» — 104 Anglc-Cal Ltd. 63 79
t> A Ry Ss 1C6V4 — Bank of Cal.. — 412%
L. A Li Co 6s. — — L'al 8 D & T..104H —
Do entd 6s.. — — Firtt Xatlonl.273 —
L A srntd Ss.,100 102% Lon P A A....134H —
L A P H R 5s. — — Merchants* Ex IS —
Market-st 6S..127H — N T e» Nat Bk..
Do 1st M 5s.U3\113?; Savicrs Banks—
NCNGR7S. — - Ger S & L...1S30 —
N R nf Cal 6s.na — Hum S & L.. — —
Do 5s 117*1 — M"t Sav Bk.. 45
N P C R R BsUOl — S F Sav U 507 —
Do 5? 106 107 Sav & L. So... 7* 78
Jf Cal Ry 5s.. — 111% Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Oak n L, & H.U1 m Union T Co.... — —
Oak Tran 6s..ll7 l ;il3 Street Railroads-
Oak ¦«' CogtdSa — 103 California 123 —
Oceanic S Co.. 106*4 — fSeary-^t M —
Om C Ry 6s... 127 — Market-st 64 63
P & Cl Hy «s.W3»4 — O 8 L i H.... — 45
P & O R R 68.115 — Presidio — »y»
Powell-st R 6s. 120 — Powder Stocks —
Pac El G&RSs. 99 101 California ....15R 1WH
B F & SXV 6S.119H _ Giant Con Co. 85 8614
r- K .•f cat «s i i"H vigorlt 3% 3H
5 P of A 6S...111U1HH w.»r stocks—
6 f «j 6siisu5). — in liana S P Co. 7\ S
Do a906) .... — 112*i Haw f; £ S <o «7 -
Do (1312) ....llS«i - Honokaa S Co. 23«4 —
fPHClst utnSa. — Hutch S P Co. 23>4 23%
S P Br 6s 132% — Kllauea SP Co Wi 21
S V Water 6a. 115 — Makawell S Co 44*» 45
Do 4s 102%103 Onomea S Co. 26*4 —
Do »d mts..li>2 — Paauhau S Co. 29% SOU
Etocktn Gas 6s 99% — m>-», -naneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn. — 119
Contra Cost*.. 6SU 6S% Cal Fruit Aasn — 99
Martn County. 51H — Mer K\ *««n. "»7 v-
Spring Valley. 95^ 95% Oceanic S Co.. 92*4 93
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A z —
Tent G * L. Co — — Pac C Bor ColoO —
Cent L & P Co 4 5% Par Paint CO.. 13 —
Axorxiins session*
5 Giant Powder Con.................. S3 62%
10 Giant Potvder Con 85 50
25 Honokaa 23 62U
2S0 Honokaa 29 50
25 Hutchinson S P Co 24 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 23 73
325 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 50
J3.000 Northern Ry of Cal. 5s IIS 00
10 Paauhau S P Co 30 00
200 Paauhau S P Co 29 87%
10 S F Gaa and Electric Co. cash 53 25
10 S F Gas and Electric Co 53 37^
30 S V Water 95 00
Street—
$5,000 Oceanic S S bonds 1C6 37ii
$35,000 S F & S J V bonds 119 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Alaska Packers' Assn us 50
130 Hutchinson S P Co 23 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 23 50
$20,0*X> Oceanic S S bonds 106 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 29 87»*
$6,0C0 Omnibus Cable bonds, a 10 12S 00 "
123 S F Gas and Electric Co 53 00
40 S V Water 9-*> 25
20 S V Water, b S 95 23
Street—
$2,000 Contra Costa Water bonds 106 00
60 S F Gas and Electric Co 53 00
PRODUCERS OIL EXCHAXGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Home OH 4 70
1W) Home Oil. s 30 4 70
100 Home Oil 4 75
10 Kern River 1500
Afternoon Session.
Board —
300 Sterling O & D Co i 15
Street—
250 Home Oil 4S9
1
MIXING STOCKS.
The following .were the sales' tn the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Mornlre Session.
10O Alpha Con 08 .400 Crown Point 15
300 Belcher 16 600 Justice 06
100 Belcher 15 SCO Mexican ' ""' *7
£00 Bullion '. 05 200 Potosi "" i;
200 Challenge 23 100 Silver Hill "I!!! 5«
200 Challenge 12 1 40O SWer Hill 55
200 Chollar 13 10O Union Con 21
200 Con Cal & Va..l 40 i 600 Yellow Jacket.. 31
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 14 t lOOiPotoai it
200 Caledonia 62 400 Silver Hill Zl
300 Chollar 17 £00 Silver Hill 50
300 Crown Point .. 18 100 Yellow Jacket.. 31
1C0 Ophir 57
The following: were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
400 Best & Belcher IS 800 Ophir £«
300 Bullion 04 500 Overman 09
30O Challenge Con.. 25 300 Overman OS
300 Challenge Con.. 22 500 Potosi 15
300 Challenge Con.. 23 500 Silver Hill 55
200 Chollar 19 300 Silver Hill 5«
200 Chollar 18 Vno Silver Hill 54
200 Con Cal & V.I 37'.* 200 Silver Hill...... 51
250 Con Imperial... 02 2PO Silver Hill 50
250 Con Imperial... 01 S00 Tellow Jacket.. 32
300 Gould & Curry 16 1
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 15 200 Ophir 56
800 Chollar • 17 300 Potosi 14
500 Chollar IS 700 Savage 1-1
200 Chollar 13 400 Sierra Nevada. ~i 37
300 Con Imperial... C2 1200 Silver Hill .... 52
200 Con Imperial... 01 300 Yellow Jacket.. 31
200 Crown Point... 15 300 Syndicate Vf
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
- THURSDAY. Aug. 16 — 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld-Ask.
Alpha 07 09 Justice ( M Co
Alta W 05 Kentuck 01 02
Andes .........: 03 10 I.ady Wash .... 02 —
Belcher 15 18 Mexican 27 28
Best - 4b - Belcher 18 20 Occidental 12 13
Bullion 03 Ooiophlr Bo V,
Caledonia £9 Cl.Overman 07 (0
The Arethusa leads lumber on Pug-et Sound
for Eurcre at rTs €d prior to arrival; the Ber
ti.a wheat at Tacoraa for Europe, 42s 6d prior
tj arrival: the .Spokane lumber en Pupft Sound
for <"^ilao: the Serena Thayer lumljer at Grays
Ila<-bor for Kahului: the ¦\Vilhelmina, lumber
at Hastirgs Hills for Delagoa Bay, i-2s 6d prior
t arrival.
Wheat Shipment.
The British ship Crown of India cleared yes
terday for Qucenstown for orders with 15.6K0
centals of wheat valued at J17.2J0, 4?.7D5 centals .
of barley valued at $4C<,7:.0 and 16.000 feet of
lumber dunnage valued at *— 0. Total value.
Fruit and Salmon in England.
Ihe Lcn-Jnn Grocers' Gazette of July 2S says: j
"California fruit? are fcl'.ir.g better in conse- ;
<;'jer.ce of the nne weather. More inquiry for j
arricots. The demand on the spot continues |
end prices are fitm. Advicos from California i
are to the effect that neither the pack of ap- !
ri^ts nor j*ars is l-.kely to t>e very heavy and j
clrea-iy packers are said u> l.e hinting at the
I r !.a>ility of the necessity of cutting down
contracts. Falnicn continues in good demand
and the market is firmer for all pradpp. ef
pecUllf for Alaska, *hich has advance.! f4
during tht> w<vk. The packers on Fras<»r River j
have tdvmaced qitotatloos an^l it is FtatPd are 1
d*-c!lr.ir.»; to transact tiusint-fs except at full
rate* and then orly United quantities. The ;
AriMi 3es has arrived this wtvk with E2.70J |
<¦•-. bat this <iuaniity has been practically!
ci.-i oaed of and tiiere is very little if any left |
In lirft har.ds. AppearEBCd sf-em to Indicate 1
£ dearth of rappliea in the near future. Ijirse
m!^ have been made fur-ward. The packing
ol Alaska is only Just b>-gun and is likely to ;
\-.- p. fiod one, as usual. Demand for half- ;
prjad tin* has fallen off. but there Rill Ve no j
reduction in price fmm the present limit."
The Coming Financial Center.
The N^-tv V> rk circular of Henry Clews Eays:
"My prrphecy rna.ie several years ago that
' Now York will become th<? monetary center
cf the- worM does r.ot new seem so visionary
cs it once did. Great Britain Issues a war loan
of S."VX<>.Q0e and allots O.W.OOO to the ITnited
Slates— not because cf Inability to place it at
home (en the cor.trarj-. British pride, like our
< w n, s<vms" to have resentM borrowing abroad),
Vut v«»ry largely to FtrenKthen the Rank of.
En;::imJ'F reseri-i-f? and somewhat as a matter
cf pooU policy New fork l.a? thus been select
ed in rre'eror.ce tn Paris nr Berlin.
"This is alti>(coiher a very remarkable de
parture in inT-rr-atlonal finance, emrhasiiing
in a rnr.ft striking manner th? present finan
cial Btnngtli Of the I'nited Plates, an.i our d>
v>-\- \ n.er.i from a debtor to a creditor nation
t;rtii we are piving financial aid to the most
powerful empire on the plol-e. This transac
tion affrrds us a financial rrestiee never be
iore esjofed and is another decisive step in
the direction of New Y' rk's advance to the
first (dace in the world's money centers. It
ie the forerunner of the world's Government
•ecurltiet that trill DlUmately find their broad
est market here. We have demonstrated our
Immense Hn««<4«i strerntli before all nations
and now make a 1,epir.:iinp in reaping -.he re
ward. Such a development would V>» utterly
linin'ffftriff !f our nnancep did Dot rest upon
an unequivocal (TOM lias:«, maintaining our
currency npoQ «K;ual terms with that of other
r;reat natiirs. The leading exchanges of th?
world sre the Royal Exchanee in L.indon. the
Paris Doorsc, the Berlin. Krankfort ani VI
er.na Bc-jrsc-s and the N'pw York Stock Ex
rhanc», but tbe latter Is now on Its way
torn Mil the ieaderfliip Of all these.
"It !• not irr:T<r<jUahle that the British Ei
ctequer expertmect •will t« rcjieated by other
:::.: : . ca ar.>* Kew Tor!: soon become a pood
ir.urk<t for the serurilits 1 of nun.erous foreign
governments. The accumulation of capital
In the Vnited Ptat»? i« r'ocevding at an enor
moua rate an'i the fibs-irpt'.'/n of a portion of
thi« abroad will avert congestion on this side.
The course of our foreign trade during the
balaaoe in nor favor. These funds are not
•nuited here, r.nd their retention on the other
Bide, iffcere they are roost wanted for relief
in I-ondon ar.d Berlin, is beneficial to New
V' rk. Thus the intt-rnational exchanges a«J
JUFt th^jTisf-^^e automatically, affording sup
port where BBpport Is most needed.
"The new British lean may l»e considered a
good Investment for thos* who require that
jrrade of security, beins re.1eemaljle at par In
th:-e yisrf and |.ayine about 2** per cent on
the subscription price. As a Pimple invest
rnf-rt it i« more desirable than American
H \emmer.t bonds, because 'he cost of the lat
ter is enhanced r'j- circulation rriviloFros. free-
AoTa from ta:.aiion and the comi>uls?crj- in
vestment of some Inrtitutlons In Government
bonds. This bond Trar.:acti<>n caused the ship
irur.t of «l*>ut f 1 -. ()(>('. <'M eold and more is !ike
• ly 'o follow during the next few -reeks: l>ut
¦we nr*> abundantly able to fpare ennsiderable
eir/anw withf-ut Inoonvrnience and the relief
to the Lr-ndon market will be beneficial here."
Weather Report.
020th Meridian- Pacific Timo.)
FAX j-UANCISCO. Aug. 36-5. p. m.
The folioa-lns maximum ifmr*raturw were
rf-riro"! irora stations in California to-day:
Ei:r<V.a CiiLos Angles 70
Komi Tanialrais... OS Pacraroer.to ~%
Ir;<I»i>end»-nce S*J San I.tiJs Obispo 70
li^fi niufT SO Fan Diego C8
Trrtr.o J").
Pan Francison data: Maximum temperature,
iS; Rilnlmum, i',2; mean, ."».".
WEATHER CO.VDITIOXS AXD GEXERAL
FORECAST.
The Branrrt ti» ritea rvcAdy over Wash
irjnon aod Northern l(iaho. During the t>aet
tw«-nty-foar hours there has been a rise of
Wttmrlf tvftfnrhs of an inch over the Sho-
Fhone SJoyntain*. A denresslrni of moderate
dejith ovrrlies Utah and Nevada.
The tmintralure ha* fallen rapidly over the
Rocky Mountain*. It has vinen slowly alom
the coart. In th«- rr»-at valleyo ,,t <"alifornia
th<» ;em;*Tatures art- from S to 10 degrees b?low
the normal.
Liefct j-ain la reported at Astoria anl Kl Paso.
A ir.aitain: wind velocity of 36 mllen tK^r hour
froTn the north'-ast is reported at El p»»,.
Heavy fop prevails in the vicinitv of San
Francisco bolow SW feet.
Fonaut made at San Francisco for thirty
hour*, ending midnirht, Aupust 17, lifO:
Northern < - allfomia — goody Friday: contln
t!<vl cool wt-ather; brisk nortUwest winds with
fOf or. the coaft.
t-"outh»-rn Call forria— Cloudy Friday; possibly
lipht rhov.-ers in the mountains; brisk north-
\ ¦ • !•• -a ;r.-:s.
Xcraia — Cloudy Friday.
I'tah— Phowf-rs Friday: continued cooL
Arizona— Fhowors in eastern and northern
r>ortions: cloudy in wrrtern r«*rt!on.
Han Fram-lsco and \-icinity— Cloudy Friday,
•with heavy tog in th» mornlnp: brisk westerly
Winds. ALEXANDER C. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
ury show a loss of $7,756,000. This can hardly
be compensated by the Interior current move
ments and receipts of gold from Pacific polnu,
so a heavy loss in cash is expected to be shown
in the bank statement. As the rise in prices
of stocks early to-day was maintained with
difficulties professional traders who have been
Instrumental in the week's advance switched
over to the short Fide and let go their holdings.
No Increase in outside business was reported,
<lesj>ite the apparent stability to the early
movement in railroad stocks. This factor in
fluences short sales by operators who consider
the market tnjheavy. While there was but lit
tle energetic selling In any quartpr prices
steadily receded and ended at the lowest. The
price level on the day, however, showed but
f>w notable changes. Pone wide movements
wf-re made in a few of the specialties, notably
Sugar, Pacific Mail. Rubber and Consolidated
Gas.
Transactions In bonds to-day fell off some
what and the market showed irregularity. Xo
tal pales, par value, $S30,0CO. United States
Government issues were all Vi per cent lower
in the bid price. •
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Etock— Bid.
12,270 Atchison 2S
ll.KK) Atciiison prefd 71
I.M0 Baltimore & Ohio 71H
Canadian Pacific 90
l.SGO Canada Southern 4'.<4
3,o4u Chesapeake & Ohio 27H
400 Chicago Great Western 10;*
8.S70 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 127
Chicago, Ind & Louisville 22
Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 52
Chicago <fc Eastern Illinois i*6'i
1M OhlraBO & Northwestern 163'J j
3.CC) chicaco. Rock Island &. Pacific 107%
2,450 C.C C A Bt Louis 5s
100 Colorado Southern 6%
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41'j
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
Delaware & Hudson 112
<'<0 Delaware, Lackawanna & Western. .176
1^.' Denver & Rio Grande 13
tttu Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67*8
* Erie 10;g
» Krie 1st prefd ZZ\i
;"00 Groat Northern prefd 152 1 i I
lr.< Hocking O-al 15 1 *
~>.*i Hocking Valley 34^s j
400 Illinois Central H7' /4 ¦
Iowa Central 13
Iowa Central nrefd 42
Kansas City. Pittsburg & Gulf 15%
100 Lake Erie & Western 2S^i
Lake Erie & Western prefd .' S2
Lake Shore 209
1.<V« Louisville & Nashville 71^4
3.210 Manhattan Elevated 91i*
430 Metropolitan Street Railway luo'>
Mexican Central 12
100 Minneapolis & St Louis E5't4
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93 1 *
3.S06 Missouri Pacific 51% I
Mobile & Ohio 37V»
Mls-sourt Kansas & Texas 9»i
Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 30 Vi
I.J95 New Jersey Central 133V.J
1.3S0 New Ycrk Central 130
3,<A»J Norfolk & Western 34^
Norfolk & Western prefd 75
4.750 Northern Pacific 51»4
J23 Northern Pacific prefd 71 '
40-) Ontario & Western 21H I
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
11, tW IVnnyylvanla IZ'JSi
Reading 17
5,400 Reading 1st prefd 60
Reading 2d prefd...; 2S%
Rio Grande Western 59V4
— «.. Rio Grande Western prefd SO
Bt Louis & San Francisco S*i
Pt Louis & Pan Fran 1st prefd C6
1M t-t Louis & San F"ran 2d prefd 34'i
100 St Louis, Southwestern 12V4
1,750 fft l/mls. Southwestern prefd 2S
1,^00 St Paul H4%
Bt Paul prefd 171 :
i St I-aul & Omaha 114
2,400 Southern Pacific 33V4 ;
(00 Southern Railway liVi
«.*0 Southern Railway prefd S2>*
1"> Texaa & Pacific.' I4<i
14.S-3O Union Pacific 59%
:m Union Pacific prefd 76'i
ac»! Wabash 71,4
2-%0 Wabash prefd iw
£10 Wheling & I. E h2
470 VTbeellEg & L K ;d prefd '.'.'. 23"a
Wisconsin Central 14
Third Avenue no
Express Companies—
Adams joj
IIS American 254
United States ;;„; 45
Wells-Fargo ".'.133
Miscellaneous—
SV> American Cotton Oil 3314
lf<O American Cotton Oil prefd IH^Z
172 American Malting 4^ ,
100 American Malting prefd .." 24\4
360 American Smelting & Refng 37^
American Smelting & Refng prefd.". 89V4
American Spirits 114
American Spirits prefd 17
330 American Pteel Hoop '. 19
2u0 American Steel Hoop prefd ' 67
6.210 American Steel & Wire 34%
1,910 American "Steel & Wire prefd 75
1,740 American Tin Plate 28 ! i
....... American Tin Plate prefd 7J%
2,070 American Tobacco 94
American Tobacco prefd 12s
1.320 Anaconda M;n!ni? Co 4<;v,
16.42S Brooklyn Rapid Transit r.7",
300 Colorado Fuel & Iron 3:,v,
6(0 Continental Tobacco 2."\
4€0 Continental Tobacco prefd 7<S
2.040 Federal Steel 3414
370 Federal Steel prefd 67
2jO General Electric 135
6rt) Glucose Sugar 54
173 GIuccep Sugar prefd 99
IZli Internationa! Paper 22'i
€."0 International Paper prefd eg
. 245 Lacl^le Gas ' 74
410 National Blmjit " 31
National Hiscult prefd " {,5
4"O National Lead is
210 National I>ead [irefd Si
4.'/' National Steel j£il
National Steel prefd 54 *
New York Air Brake 134
400 North American .-.. 15
156 Pacific Coast 53
Pacific Coast 1st prefd &>
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
I 2.S35 Pacific Mall 301;
2.3 f K> People's Gas 9^*4
200 Pressed Steel Car 3914
20ft Pressed St'-ei Car prefd 7314
i 210 Pullman Palace Car... 357
Standard Rope & Twine '. 51,4
i 14.800 Puifar J24 1 / »
S'iRar prefd H6
2.159 Tennessee Coal & Iron 70S4
955 Vntted States Leather n'
160 Tnitod States Leather prefd ew
4,330 I'nited Prates Rubber 31
120 Vnited States Rubber prefd 9414
570 Western ITnlon kq
1.160 Republic Iron & Steel :...., nii
315 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 53'
P O C & St Louis 64
213,73$ Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
IT S ref 2s. when IM K & T 2ds C6«i
iFsued. reg 104 I Do 4s 92'
l>o coupon 104 IN Y C lets lftSU
XT S 2s rttg 100 IN J C Ken 5s 121*1
Do 3s reg 108 jN Pacific 3s C5V.
Do 2» coup 109 I Do 4s 103%
Do new 4s reg...l32'4'N Y C & St L 4s..lO6'4
Lk> new *f coup..l32>-.;N *r W con 4s S8
Do old 4k reg lir»U Or Nav Ists 109
Do old 4s coup. ..Hi*,;: Do 4s 102*i
Do ns r«-g in jOr Short Line Cs...l26
Do fis coup 113 ! Do con Cm 112V4
r>ist of Col 3.O. ..122 Readlns ren 4s 88 "
Atchlson gen 4s.. .100% R G W Ists 9S'i
Do ndj 4a S3%'St L A I M con 5s. 110
Canada So 2ds 108 St L & 8 F gen 6s. 121
Ches & Ohio *%s.. »9% : St Paul cons 167
I>o 5s.... 117 |St P C 4 P Ists...ll8
Chi & N con 7s. ...140 1 Do &s 119
Do S r deb 5s... .1194,8 Pacific 4s 7SV4
Chtcapo term 4s... 92% S Railway 6g 1CS%
Colo So 4s K3 Stand It & T Gs.... 68
D & Ji G Ists 102 Tex & Pac Ists li:«A
I>o 45= 3714 Do 2d»...! 6fi
Erie general 4s C%% U Pacific 4s 103%
FW4DC Ists... 72H Wabash Ists 117
Gen Electric Es....H5% Do 2ds.... ...lOlVi
Iowa Central Ists.. 113 West Shore 4s Ill
K C P & Q lets... 6» Wis Central Ists... t&%
L & N uni 4s 98H Va centuries 89%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 17 Ontario 6 60
Crown Point 34 Ophir -64
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Plymouth 10
FRIDAY. AUGUST 17.
Lnlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
V% atera at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Pay. Published by official au
.*°J( J y °f the Superintendent.
,*,,.. hi=h and low waters occur at
the City front (Mission-street wharf) about
J e 1 i k? minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tldejs the same at both places.
NEW YORK, Aug. 16.— Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit:
Pears— Bartlett, $1 20@l 85 box. Peaches—
Late Crawford, average 55c box; Susquehanna,
; 83c. Plums— Kelsey Japan, £0c@$l 40 single
crate. Prunes— Groa. 55cS$l 05 single crate;
Italian, $1 05<jn 30; Fallenberg, $1 05@l 15.
Porter Brothers Company sales: Pears—
Bartlett. a5c@$l 70 box and 65c©$l 05 half box;
Beurre Hardie S5c(ffn 10; Summer Seckel, $1 0a
@1 30 half box. Prunes— Gros, S5c®$l 15; Hun
garian. $115; German, $l 25; Fallenberg. $1@
1 05; Italian, $1 10@l 20; Silver. 55@60c. Plums—
Egg, SOc Peaches— Tuscan Cling, J12o;
Ivate Crawford. 70c. Grapes— Malaga. 2;>(&;>0c
single crate; Clusters, S5c@$l 15. Seventeen
cars sold to-day. _ . 'nlil'*
CHICAGO, Aug. 16.— Porter Brothers Com
pany sales of California fruit: ' oft ™,v.
Pears— Bartlett. $1 45(f2 20 box and 80®9Oc
half box. Prunes— Gros, 55®S3c. Plums—
Quackenbos. $1 40. Grapes— Malaga, 4»@60c sin
gle crate; Ousters. $1 25@1 30.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Grapes— Malaga,
65® 75c single crate: Clusters. $1 3..S1 65. Pears
—Bartlett, $1 10#2 25 box. Plums— bellow Egg,
75@S0c single crate: Kelsey Japan, average 9oc.
Prunes-Gros, SOc@$l 25 single crate: Bulgar
ian. 80<§90c: Hungarian, 95c(S$l 05; Silver, aver
age 84c; Victoria, average 90c. Twelve cars
fruit sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Aug. 16.-CATTLE - Receipts.
COOO. Good to choice native steers, steady to
10c higher; others steady to slow; West
erns and Texans. steady at yesterday's
late decline; butchers 1 stock steady to
stron. Natives— Good to prime steers, $5 45®
6; poor to medium. $4 GO®* 20; selected feed
ers, steady, $4®4 75; mixed stockers, ?3 3004:
cows, $2 90@4 40; heifers, J3@4 90; canners, $2@
2 SO; bulls. ?2 75@4 40; calves, steady, $4 50*S6 7o.
Texans— Receipts, 1200. Best on sale to-day, fif
teen carloads at $4 15; Texas fed steers. $4 2o@
5; grass steers, $3 40©4 25; bulls. $2 50@3 3o.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 24.000; to-morrow, 20,-
C00 eslmated; left over, 6000. Active, steady.
Top,' $5 37^4; mixed and butchers', $4 95^5 30;
good to choice heavy. &(ffo 27V4: rough heavy,
$4 75@5 25; light, $5 05g5 37V4; bulk of sales.
$5 05<g'o 20.
SHEEP— Receipts. 13.0CO. Sheep, slow to 10c
lower: lambs, steady to shade higher. Good to
choice wethers. $4 25*54 40; fair to choice mixed,
$3 65<g4 15; Western sheep. $4154 35; Texas sheep,
$3«?4; native lambs, $4 25®6; Western lambs,
$4 75@5 85.
Nnu York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 16.— A decline of 10s for
tin in London was reported to-day. Our mar
ket eased somewhat in sympathy with this
factor and closed weak in tone at $31 50. Lak?
copper was a ehade higher in the local mar
ket despite a decline of "s 6d abroad, and
closed firmer in tone at $16 fi2H for lake and
$16 50 for electrolytic and casting copper. The
decline in London was due to the poor half
monthly statement, showing a heavy increase
!n supplies. Spelter, while easy In tone, was
not quotably lower, closing on the basis of
$4 17',4!?4 22H and lead ruled dull at $4 25. Iron
was weak and unsettled. Pig iron warrants
were nominally quoted at $11. Structural iron
was reduced ?8 per ton. The brokers' price for
lead was $4 and for copper $16 75.
New York^Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 16.— The cotton markst
opened quiet and steady, with prices 1 point
to 4 points lower, and sank 3 to 6 points further
under quite active selling of long cotton, pres
sure from the bear side and disappointing late
cables from the late English market. The de
pression was short lived, however. Prices ad
vanced rapidly on brisk general buying. In
the last half-hour the market broke under
liquidation. At the close the market ruled
steady in tone with prices 4@9 points net
higher.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Aug. 16.— Clearings, $337,012
balances, $40,331
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Aug. 16.— Wheat unchanged ;_
Walla Walla, 55c; valley, 54®55c; bluestem, 58c.
The shipments of wheat from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 101, 1S7 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 16.— Wheat unchanged; blue
stem, 5Sc; club, £6c; both for export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Aug. 16.— Consols, 98 15-16; silver,
28 l-16d; French rentes, lOOf 47Hc Wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 stand
ard California, 31s l"d; Walla Walla, 29s lO^d.
English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 16.— WHEAT— Firm; No.
1 standard California, 6s 4d([}6s 4^d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull. French coun
try markets, dull. Weather In England, splen
did.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 21-32d. ,
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 16.— WHEAT— Spot, dull;
Xo. 2 red Western winter, dull. 6s 2>4d: No.
1 Northern spring, 6s 3V£d; No. 1 California,
6s 4d083 4Hd; futures, quiet; September. 6s;
December, Cs lHd.
CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed, new
4s; old, 4s Id: futures. steady: September,
4s >4jd; October, 4s %d; November, 4s %d.
Exchange and Bullion.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 89
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 S3
Sterling Cables — * 90
New York Exchange, sight...... — IVt
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — » 61
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4SVi
WHEAT— The market still drags along at
practically unchanged quotations. There is no
life anywhere In the world. Chicago opened
steady, with a little Inquiry, but short sell
ing and liquidation caused a break. Kansas
September fchorts were reported nervous, but
no squeeze is expected at present.
Local futures declined on the afternoon call.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $105; Milling. ?1 07Vi
®l 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December —
4000 ctls, $1 10'i; 2000, $1 10%; 8000, $1 10%.
May— 2000. U 15»i.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 32.000
ctls, $1 10V4. May— 3000, $1 15V4; 16.000. $115%.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 10;
12.000, M 09%; 24.C0O, $1 C8%.
BARLEY— Offerings are ample for all cur
rent needs, and the market is slow.
Feed. 7OVtffif77'/fec for Xo. 1 and 70©73c for oft
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 82ft©
87%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— December— 20CO ctls, 78Vic;
2000. "SHc; 6000, 7Sc. .
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 78c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
77%c; 4000. 77V4c.
Afternoon Session — No Bates.
OATS — Dealers continue to report a flrm mar
ket with a good demand, both on local anil
expert account. Prices are unchanged.
White— $1 1501 35; Surprise, 51 35@1 40; Red.
$1 1001 25; Gray. $1 12^*1 20; Black, for feed.
$1 1001 15: for seed, U 15@1 22V4 per ctl.
CORN— There have been no receipts from the
EaEt for some days, and offerings are down to
nothing again. The market is flrm. ¦¦/. ..•
Eautern, $1 20; California Large Yellow,
$1 17V4©1 20 per ctl; White. »1 lT.iftl 20; Small
Round Yellow, $1 17%<8'1 20. •
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-Callfornla Family Extras, $3 GO®
3 75, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington. $2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 1 3'<j 3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
$4 75@5 75 per barrel. .
MILLST1IFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual* discount to' the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: -Rye .Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. . $2 50 ; Rice Flour, ¦ $7 ; - Corn ¦ Meal, 12 75 ;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 GOQ 3 73; Buckwheat * Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 53: Whole
Wheat. Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6
@7 25; In sacks. $5 75fi'7; Pearl • Barley. $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. 15 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstu fFs.
H&y shows no change. . Dealers report a somc-
Xo change in the Meat market.
Stiver and Exchange as before.
Ancth-cr advance in Sugar.
Wheat, Barley and Rye quiet.
Oats and Corn in light supply and firmly held.
Beans and Seeds dull and unchanged.
Hay and Feed stuffs as before quoted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables plentiful and weak.
Butter and Eggs unchanged. Cheese steady.
Poultry in more moderate supply and steadier.
Hot weather hurts Apples around WatsonviUe.
Choice Pears rule firm on canning account. '
Prices for Prunes still an unknown quantity.
Provisions dull, but firmly held.
% e *iT°? A A-- °5 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry.... l 2 do prefd 6 50
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 34
Homestake 55 00 Standard 3 SO
Iron hllver f,o Union Con 20
Mexican 03 Yellow Jacket 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
r , M , ox } ey ~ I Union Pac 59'^
11 »<>«»« 2@3 West End 93
Time loans 3@4% Westingh Elec ....'45%
Stocks— W is Cent 14
Atchlson 28 Bonds—
«o prerd 71 Atchison 4s 99V4
Am bu *ar 12H4 N E G & Coke 5s.. 64'i
do prefd 116V* Mining shares-
Am Telephone 142 Adventure 2'4
Boston & Albany. ..249 Allouez Mln Co l'i
Boston Elevated ..143& Amalg Copper .... Sa%
Boston & Maine.... 1SS Atlantic 23
r ** 7Q • 127 Boston & Mont. ...314
Dom Coal u Butte & Boston.... 61
_?? g"* d 110 Calumet & Hecla..75O
Fed Steel 34^ 'Centennial 17',4
d 0 Prefd 66%iFranklin 18&
Fltchburg prefd ...136H]humboldt 25
G V l E1 ec 135H'Osceola 68
*° P, refd T • 139 IParrot 42
E* 1 Elec 111 205 |Qulncy 140
JJf x . Cent 11% Santa Fe Copper... 4%
MI ?^ h J\ lephone --'- S5 Tamarack 202
£,* ,?i & Coke ---- «V4 Ctah Mining 31%
Old Colony 204 VVinona 3
Old Dominion 184 Wolverines 40&
Rubber 30^1 7
London Market.
NEW YORK.. Aug. 16.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was quite brisk here to-day. In the
early hour the tone was good, easing off a
little in the afternoon. The approach of the
relief expedition to Peking Is absolutely disre
garded. The talk is all of money now. The
stock market expects easy rates, but the bank
ers say that this is a passing phase which has
already been discounted. London continued to
purchase American shares until New York
selling checked the movement.
Paris allowed Tlntos to relapse sharply. This
was regarded as a trick.
The bank bought £682.000 gold in bars and
expects to-morrow to receive £600,000 from the
East— gold which has been concealed In quar
antine.
The bank commenced borrowing money to
day.
Fortnightly statistics in copper show an In
crease of 21S2 tons In the stock on hand, an
increase of 3537 tons in the supply. On this
report copper shares relapsed.
CLOSING
LONDON, Aug. 16.— Atchlson, 29; Canadian
Pacific. 92%: Northern Pacific preferred. 73V4;
Grand Trunk, 67g; Anaconda, 9»*. Bar silver
steady at 2S l-16d per ounce. Money, 3U per
cent.
Nezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. IC— Money on call steady
at 1%®1% per cent; last loan. 1% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4@5 per cent. Ster
ling exchange steady, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 87^4 for demand and at $4 34
for sixty days: ported rates, $4 S5C?4 S5V4 and
$4 KSVi©4 S9; commercial bills, $4 S3 1 i@4 S3»i
Silver certificates, 61%@62Hc Bar sliver, file
Mexican dollars, 4SV6C. Government bonds,
weak; State bonds, steady; railroad bonds, ir
regular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 16.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the JIM, 000, COO gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available catb
balance, $140,656,541; gold, $74,200,352.
I New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Aug. 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
231.2S1 barrels; exports, 31,441. There were bids
on several lines of spring patents and likely to
go . through, but the market otherwise was
very dull and easier. Winter patents, $3 75@
4 10; winter straights, $3 50g3 60; Minnesota
ratents, $3 7SQ3 SO; Minnesota bakers', $2 £5@
3 23.
WHEAT— Receipts, 141,225 bushels. No ex
ports. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 77%c elevator
and S0%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Xorthern Duluth,
S3Vfcc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth S3Vic
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened steady with corn
but experienced subsequent heaviness through
liquidation of September and small export de
velopments in face of decreasing Southwest
receipt?. Closed weak at %@"4c net decline.
September, 7S*i<g73 l-16c. closed 7S?4c; Decem
ber. W%i©81 l-16c. closed SO%c.
HOPS-Dull. >
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. easy; No. 7 Invoice, S%c;
mllrl. Inactive; Cordova, nominal. Futures
closed steady, with prices unchanged to 5
points lower. Total sales, 35.000 bags, includ
ing: September, $7 50; October, $7 55; Novem
ber, $7 65; December, $7 ~Ya 1 SO; January, $7 80;
March, 17 So; May. $7 95QS.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER — Receipts, 3625 packages. Steady;
creamery, 17V**? 21c; current packed factory,
14€16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7SS5 packages. Westerns at
mark, regular packing, 10®14c; Westerns, loss
off, li'5l6c.
DRIED FRUIT,
Offerings of choice and fancy grades of evapo
rated apples were liberal, owing to the in
creased receipts, and the market exhibited a
weak undertone, but was not quotably lower.
California dried fruits were quiet and steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— State common, still
quoted from Z^lc; common, 4*i@ 5c;««cholce. 5%
feCc: fancy, e^i'g'c.
PRUNES — Quoted from. Z%@7c per pound, as
to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, llf 14c; Moorpark, 15@17c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14QlSc; unpeeled, 6@9c.
CHICAGO. Aug. 16.-With a half-filled pit,
colorless news and conjectures and a certain
amount of draggy liquidation the trade in
wheat furnished a good antithesis for excite
ment. The market was decidedly flat and un
interesting. September opened a shade over
ye?terday at 74};#74%c principally In sympathy
with ccrn. Liverpool . was merely steady for
futures and easy for spot. Paris, after a holi
day, was oft equal to lc. There was no cash
demand to speak of; outsiders had apparently
forgotten that this market existed and th»
scalper alone plW his little trade most of the
pecpion. , Bull traders maile an attempt at the
start to hold the market, but they made no
support. One interest threw half a million
into the pit and the market slid oft. This
bundle being disposed of, wheat in smaller lots
came tumbling in and as a result September,
after being checked for a moment on the fall-
Ing Western receipts, finally sagged to 73%c@
73%c. The close was weak, September lc lower
at 72?;c.
There was more nervousness than activity
about the corn market. The tone was firm
throughout. September closed at 3ST'»c, %c over l
yesterday.
Oats were quiet but steady, helped by the
corn firmness. September closed a shade lower
at 21%'522c.
Provisions were dull and Irregular, pork
woak, lard steady and short ribs easy. Lard
was in good demand by cash people and fur
nished support to other products, but pork
was unable to withstand the selling pressure
of packers. September pork closed 20c lower,
lard unchanged and ribs 2V4@5c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
AuRUst 74H 74H 73v; 73'^
September ¦ .74% 74-4 73% 73=;
October 75H 75% 74V4 . 7ifc.
Corn No. 2 — -
August 89% »%
September 39H 39H 39H SSTi
October 37% 37% ' 87Vi ' . 87H
Oats No. 2—.-' >
August 21% 21% 21% 21?i
September 22H "tt 2iv» "22
October 22*4 22'4 22<4 2214
MeFR pork, per barrel-
September .... 11 S7\4 1157^4 1130 1133
October U «2* U «2\i 11 87* 11 40
January 1123 1125 1110 11 li
Lard, rer 100 pounds-
September 6 67^ 6 67>4 6 65 6 65 .
October ' .. 6 70 6 72',£ 6 67^4 6 70
January 6 CO 6 uO C'45 . 6 4o ¦
Srort ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 6S7H 6 921J 6 82^ 6 S5
October 6 87& « 87'A 6 SO C SO
January 5 87fr 6 90 • 6 82K ¦ ft 82fr
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
fteady; No. 3 spring wheat, 72@75c; No. 2 red,
75ft7Cc; No. 2 corn. 39Vic; No. 2 yellow, 40\4c;
No. 2 oats. 22>?fI2V4c: No. 2 white. 24%® 23c; No.
3 white. 22?i©21V4c; good feeding barley, 36®
3CV>c; fair to choice malting, 40@48c: No. 1
flaxfceod, $1 41; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 41; mess
pork, per barrel, $11 35(gll 40; lard, per 100
pounds, $G C<56 67H; ehort ribs sides (looae),
S6 80Q7 10; dry salted shoulders < boxed), 6%®7c;
short clear sides (boxed)." $7 40&7 60; whloKy,
basis of high wines, $1 23H; clover, contract
grade, |8 Wig's 75. - ¦. ,
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,000 lg.OOO
Wheat, bushels' :. 239.000 113,000
Corn, bushels ......;.. ..157,000 132,000
Oats, bushels ......449,000 253,000
Rye, bushels :¦..'¦¦ 6.000 ' •'-"; 1.0CO
Barley, bushels ...\ 9,000 • - 3.000
On the Produce Exchange ' to-day Oe butter
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Branch Hydrocraphic Office, V. S. X.. Mer
chants' Exrhanse, San Francisco, Cal.,
August 16. 1500.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at &
o clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIXS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 9. N.. in chana.
Time Ball.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 00 6 1U
Closing 8 00 6 1%
Wheat- PARIS ' Aug. N'°v.-Feb.
Opening 19 95 |1 40
Closing 19 9o 21 40
Flour— -. «
Opening j 25 SO "55
Closine 25 80 27 5j
California Fruit Sales.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Chollar 13 2C;Potosl J' \\
Challenge Con.. 23 24 Savage J; "
Conndence 75 8j!Scorpfon *J~ ~
Con Cal & Va..l 35 1 40 ; See Belcher ... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada.. 36 Si
Con New York. — Oo'Silver Hill « «
Eureka Con — 50St Louis — J2
Crown Point 13 ISiStandard * 10 * ri
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate — J;»
Hale & Norc... 21 23 Union Con 20 -^
Gould & Curry 18 17 Utah W £>
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 31 ¦ -
what steadier feeling due to a slight decrease
in receipts, and still look for higher prices
before long. FeednufTs stand as before.
BRAN-r$12#12 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$16£n9 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $18317 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; jobbing.
$27 50@2S; Ccreoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal.
$26 t0; Cracked Corn, $27; Mixed Feed, $13 50^14.
HAY— Volunteer. $4 50<g6 50; Wheat. $10@12;
Wheat and Oat, $9 50@ll 50; Oat, $S@10: Clover.
$4@6; Alfalfa, $6@7 50; Barley, $6 5O@8 SO per
STRAW— 25@40c ' per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Quotations for everything remain undis
turbed, and the market is still quoted dull.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 5(K@2 75; Small White. $3 40
@3 CO; large White. $2 C0@2 SO; Pink. $2 25©2 75;
Red. $3 25<g3 50; Blackeye. $3 50; Lima, $5 30®
5 25; Pea, $3 50@3 70; Red Kidneys, %l 25@3 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, $2@2 20; Canary, 3V4c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, • 2V£<g3c; Hemp, 4@4!4c; Timo
thy, 4@4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, nominal; Green. $2 25®
2 50 per ctl; Blackeye. $2.
, Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
- Vegetables of all kinds continue plentiful and
the market Is weak. Onions are still cheap and
slow. • Potatoes are about as before. \
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 60c; New Early
Rose. 25@C0c; Burbanks, 35@55c for Rivers and
75®S5c per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, V&Q2V±c
per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow. EO@«Oc per ctl; Pickle
Onions, 60<375c.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 50®75c per sack.
60S75c per crate for Berkeley and $1(21 25 for
Alameda; Green Peas, 2®3c per lb: String
Beans. 2©3c; Llmas, 4@5c; Cabbage. 40050c;
Tomatoes, River, 20®40c: Bay, 40@50c: Egg
Plant, 50(375c per hox: Green Okra. 40<350c:
Green Peimers, 35260c per box for Chill and 40
@60c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 8®10c: Carrots. !3
©35c per sack: Summer Squash, 30@50o for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 20@25c for Alameda; Pickles,
$1 per ctl for No. 1 and 60c for No. 2; Garlic, 2
@3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $15320 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Another car of Eastern came In, making
four thus far this week. Receipts of local
fowl were lighter, the market was better
cleaned up and dealers reported a steadier tone
in young stock.
There was nothing new In Game.
Eastern stock sold at $4 50@5 for Hens, $4 50
for old Roosters, $G for young Roosters, $4 for
Fryers, $2@3 for Broilers and $3 50 for Ducks.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and lOigllc for Hens; Young Turkeys. lGc;
Geese, nor pair, $1 25®1 50: Goslings, $1 50<S2;
Ducks, $3tfz4 for old and $3^4 for young; Hens,
$1 50<f5; Young Roosters, $4^5; Old Roosters,
$3 50<iJ4: Fryers, $3@4; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and $2©"2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 5O31 75
per dozen for old and $1 50^1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves. 60^65c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, $1 £5(gl 50; Brush Rabbits, $1; Hare,
$1 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Some dealers are quoting a weaker Butter
market, but there Is no decline In prices.
Stocks are sufficient for all needs and some
houses complain of an oversupply.
Fancy Cheese is steady at the recently im
proved quotations. Medium grades are In
heavy supply and Blow of sale.
The situation in Eggs stands the same.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 24©25c: seconds.
23t23^c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22&c; good to choice, 20®22c;
common, 15@18c.
Creamery tub — 20c per Ib.
Pickled roll— 20c.
Firkin— lS@20c.
CHEESE— New. 9®9Hc; fancy. 10c; old. 8@
Sl4c; Young America, 10itl0>Ac: Eastern. 13>4@
14c; "Western, 10@12c per Ib.
EGGS— Quoted at 15@l3c for store and 21@
24c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14%@lSc.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
It was reported on the street yesterday that
the hot wave of a week or ten days ago cut
off the Bellflower crop around WatsonviUe and
Santa Cruz about 75 per cent and other varie
ties about 40 per cent.
It Is very cold and foggy In San Francisco
now and the fruit market is feeling the effects
of the unfavorable weather. Stocks of all
kinds are heavy, but choice Pears are quoted
very firm at $25 per ton. This is the firmest
fruit on the list as far as canning stock is
concerned, as Peaches are weak and more or
less neglected by the canners, unless they can
get ¦ concessions from sellers. Grapes and
Melons are still kept down by the cold weather.
Lemons are weak and dull at. the decline al
ready noted.
Isabella Grapes from Martinez were offering
at $1@1 25 per crate.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES — 25*9500 per box for common and
r><Vii?l for good to choice; Crabapples, 25@35c
per small box and SQI/Cc per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts, 25@75c In boxes and $150
25 per ton In bulk.
QUINCES— 50<S60c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 EO@5 per chest for large
and iVnl for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $5<g7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES-13@5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5c per lb.
FIGS — 25<g30c for single and 50@65c for double
layer boxes.
NECTARINES— "White, 33®50c per box; red.
3.".@7dC.
PLUMB— 20@40c per box and crate: in bulk.
JK'ir'15 per ton; Prunes, 25@^Oc per crate; Egg
Plums, $10(gl5 per ton.
PEACHES— 20@30c per box and 25@50c per
basket; In bulk. $10020 per ton for freestone
and $15@20 for clings; Mountain Peaches, 50@
75c per box.
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau. 35@50c per crate;
Muscats, 35®65c per crate; Seedless. GO!f75c per
crate; Sweetwater, 35@40c; black, 30(§65c; To
kay, 40@63c.
MELON'S— Nutmegs, 23@6Oc per case; Canta
loupes, 50c<g$l per crate; Watermelons, |5®
16. with extra large et $20^25 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valenclas. $2@3; Lem
ons. $1 5002 for common and $2 50^3 50 for good
to choice: Mexican Limes. {6 5OS'7; Bananas,
$1 25©2 DO per bunch; Pineapples, Jl S0@3 50 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Ntits and Raisins.
The Prune situation is getting Interesting. It
was thought that the association might name
prices Saturday, but yesterday it was reported
that it might postpone the matter still another
week. While some growers are undeniably In
convenienced by this delay It is unquestionable
that the great mass are benefited, for in view
of the pronounced firmness of the dried fruit
market the longer the prices are kept back the
higher they will open. As the season advances
It becomes more and more apparent that tha
yield of fruits in this State this year is turning
out shorter than expected a month or two ago.
nnd what applies to Peaches and Pears applies
as well to Prunes. The drying thus far shows
that the shrinkage this year will be much
greater than the normal, running up to 3 to 1
in many instances, and this of course will cut
down the weight of the crop, while the number
of Prunes remains the same. As for a crop
of 1LO.OCO.000 pounds, this Is cut of the ques
tion, in view of the drop and shrinkage. The
association has a delicate task before it in
fixing the prices. The market is entirely
cleaned up of Prunes, both here and in the
East, and the Weather Bureau reports a very
l'Kht yield in Oregon. The opportunity for
pood prices In unusually propitious this year,
though more or less outside pressure may be
brought against the association to induce it to
set low quotations. If the results to the grower
are satisfactory this year the Apricot growers
may unite next year.
NEW CROP— Prunes, nominal; Apricots, 6®
Sc for Royals and 9S10^c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5<&6c; sun-dried. 3@3V4c
Peaches. 66"5%c for standard. 6c for choice and
Ic for fancy; Pears. 5®7V4c; Plums, pitted.
5S6c; unpittsd, l<31V4c; Nectarines, 4®5c for red
end 5W6c f or white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. 10c; cholie, .9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, 8&c: choice. 7'/4c; standard, 6V»c;
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 6c; Seedless,
&0-lb boxes, 6c: 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5Vjc;
3-crown, 6>4c; 4-crown, 7c; London layers, 2
crown, $1 W> per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Walnuts, 8@10%c for standards and 9
ffillc for softshells; new Almonds, llV*@12Vic
for paper shell, 9%@10c for soft and «@7c for
hardshell; Peanuts, 6@6'/4c for Eastern and
6©Cc for California; Brazil Nuts, ll@12Hc; Fil
berts. 12813c: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. %3 fO
©5.
HONEY — Comb. 13®14c for bright and 12&
12%c for light- amber; water white, extracted
7%@7%c; light amber, extracted, 6V4ig6\c; dark,
OMjfiSc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per Ib.
Provisions.
Previous prices rule, with a dull market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10«4c per lb for
heavy, lie for ilght medium, 121ic for light. 13c
for extra light and H&c for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess Beef,' $12 per
bbl: extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork, $15 60; extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 50'
Smoked Beef. 12V4®13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c cer lb for com
pound and 9o for pure; half- barrels, pure. 9'ic
10-lb tins, 9%c: 5-lb tins. 9;6c.
; COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. *8%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce, SHc; two tierces
Sftc; five tierces, ,8%c per lb.
Hides, Taflozv, . Wool and Hops
HIDES AND EKINS-Culla and brands nel\
about lc under quotations.* . Heavy ¦ salted
Steers. SHc: medium.' 8%c; light. SHc; Cow
hides. 8%c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8c: Calf. 9c;
Dry Hides, sound, 16c: Dry Kip, 15c;- Dry Cair
15c; • culls and brands. < 12c: Sheepskins. Shear
lings. . 20@30c each; short Wool 30050c each;
medium, WgSOc; long: Wool. 90c® Jl 10 ' each-
Horse Hides salt, !2tfJ2 25 for large, $175 for
medium,- |l for email and 50c for colts; Horae
Sun rises . -v.
sun sets !!!!!"" ? : oo
Moon seta, third Quarter.'. '.".'."'.'.'.' '.'.'.'.'ll: 17 "p. r»-
Hides, dry, |1 50 for large.. $125 for medium
$1 for small and 25@50o for colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or medium
ekins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras, 75c; largo and smooth iOc
medium, 35c.
» T , A » L , LOW ~* Na 1 ren <l«ed. 434Hc per Ib; No.
2. 3ff3ijc; grease. 2®2%c.
WOOL— Spring "cllu is* quotable as follows-
Northern free. 13«16c: Northern, defective. 129
14c; Middle County, free. 14316c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@14c: Southern Mountain 12
months'. 11612c; Southern Mountain, free 7
months*. 10@12c; Southern Mountain, defective
L,5?? nth8 '- 9l3Uc : Humboldi and Mendoclno.
16@17c; Nevada. 13316c per lb.
Fall CHd— San Joaquln, 8610c: do Lambs'
S®9Hc: Humboldt and Mendocino. 10@12c"
Mountain. 9©10c per lb.
HOPS— Old, nominal at B@10c per lb; Bew
10@12c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations remain undisturbed.
BEEF— 5£Cc per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7®8c; small. SH@9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7&@Sc; ewes. 7@7Hc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8%@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6-36W.C for small. 5%®3fic
for medium and 5H@5Hc for large: stock Hcgs
and feeders, 5V£@ii%c; dressed Hogs, S@SHc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Eags. $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 574c: Wool Bags. 28%®32%c: Fleece
Twine. 7V£c; Fruit Bags, 6V4©6%c for white and
SH<f?S%c for bleached Jute.
COAL— "Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. 19: Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. 19; Co-operative Wall
send, $3; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 23 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke. $16 per ton in bulk and
118 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45
per 2000 fbs. and |S SO per ton. according to
brand.
SUGAR— Prices have advanced 10c. The
¦Western Sugar Refining Company quotes, per
lb. in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A Crushed and Fine
Crushed, 6.60c; Powdered. 8.20c; Candy Granu
lated. 6.20c; Dry Cranulated. 8.10c: Confection
ers" A, 6.10c; Magnolia A. 6.70c; Extra C. 5.S0c:
.Golden C, 5.50c; barrels, 10c more: half-barrels.
25c more; boxes, 60c more; 50-Ib bags. 10c more.
No orders taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominos. half-barrels, 6.85c; boxes,
7.10c per lb.
FOR THURSDAY. AUGUST 18.
Receipts of Produce.
Flour, qr sks 21,931 Quicksilver, flsks 93
Wheat, ctls 9,274 Leather, rolls. ... 72
Barley, ctls 63.S39 Hides. No 2CS
Oats, ctls 5.5£<JiPelts. bdls 2.C69
Cheese, ctla 158 Ume. bbls 3C4
Butter, ctls S2SStraw, ton* S
Tallow, ctls 2)>!Hay. tons Ml
Wine, gala 83.1(X)iBran. sks 1.500
Ergs, doz 13.530 Oniona. ska 1,030
Sugar, bbls I.V) Potatoes, sks .... 718
Sugar, sks 600 Wool, bales 21
OREGON. •
Flour, qr ska 2.092 1 Oats, ctla 320
WASHINGTON'.
Flour, qr sks 3,294 Hops, bales .¦ 33
Oats, ctls I.. . »00
market was firm; creameries, 1632(Hv:; dairies.
14@lSc. Cheese, steady; 10<g;ilc.' Eggs, firm;
fresh. He.
* ' ¦ *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST *17, 1900
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Charters.
8
New York Stock Market.
XITW TORK. Au*. 16.— Karty etwnclh !n the
»¦'••".. market to-<;ay, inspired by the favorable
I/otidon ftttltoflc and the letter complexion to
the^ Chinese situation, v.aa filsslratM later on
by reallsationii by th» room traders and filscue
elon of Uie monetary future. A. rise In call
money rate to l*i per cent colored assertions
in ecme quartere that a rtlffer.rate would gen
erally result from ihe depletion of the bank
reserve by go*.& exports. Operations by the
1~. :.:¦.!» -.tus far this week with the eub-trecs-
THE STOCK MARKET;
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tho tides
the «arly morning tides are (riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence a3 to time. The*
second time column gives the second tide of
the dav. the third time column the third tUm
ard the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, aa sometimes occurs. The heieMa
Klven are In addition to the soundlr.es on th*
United States Coast Survey charts, exee-, t
when a minus sljrn ( — ) precedes th« height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer. i From.
I Due.
».
Del Norte lPcrtland
Point Arena iPolnt Arena
Eureka j Humboldt
Bonlta Newport
Orace Dollar... I Gray 9 Harbor ,
Rival |WiI!apa Harbor
Hongkoner Maru China and Japan....
State of Cal Portland
Progreao Tacoma
Tltanla N'anairno
Victoria [Oyster Harbor
Empire Coos Bay
Peru New York
Areata Coos Bay
Orizaba (Humboldt
Santa Rosa >San Diego
Tanis Hamburg
Umatllla Victoria
North Fork Humboldt
Coos Bay Newport
Waahtenaw jTacoma
Columbia Portland
Corona San Diego
Crescent City ..(Crescent City
. Aur. t
Au«. T,
. Auk. 1
• Aug. r
.lAusr. v
.IAus.1"
.|AuS. 1!
. Aug. l:
. Aus. H
. Au,?. I
.[Aug. 1
.|Au*. 1!
.|AUK. 1
. Aujr. i:
. Aug. i:
. Aug. 1!
Aug. 3
. Aug. 3
Aug. X
, Auk. 2)
. Aug. 3
, AUg. t
. Aug. c:
. Aug. 2
17
¦ 1
1:
.7
17
ti
;T
a
a
n
is
is
H
19
It
ts
13
is
90
to
Q
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
r r f ,
Corona San Diego Aug. 17. 11 atniPier 11
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 13, 10 am! Pier 11
San Jose... New York Aug. 13. 12 mfPMSS
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Aug. 13. 5 pin, Pier 13
Bonita Newport Aug. 19. 9 amjPier 11
Walla Wai. Victoria Aug. 19. llanvPler 3
Czarina .... Seattle Aug. 20. 11 am; Pier 11
Pt." Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 20. 3 pmiPler 2
Del Xorte.. (Portland Aug. 20. 8 amIPler 20
St. Paul ICape Xom»... Aug. 20. 2 pn Pier 31
G. Dollar... (Grays Harbor Augr. 20 1
Empire ....JCooa Bal Aug. 21, 10 am|Pter 13
Gaelic China & Japan Au*. 21. 1 pm PMSS
State Cal.. Portland Aug. 21. 11 am Pier 24
Banta'Rosa San Diego Aug. 21. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona ... Hiunboldt Auj. 21. 2 pm Tier 9
Arcata .... Coos Bar Aug. 21. 12 m' Pier 13
Australia .. Honolulu Aug. 22, 2pm|Pler 7
Coos Bay. .(Newport Aug. 23. 9anvPierU
Barracouta'Cen. America. Aug. 23. 12 m.PM33
Umatllla ..IVlctorta Aug. t*. 11 am 1 Pier 9
North ForklHumboldt Aug. 2*. 12 m| Pier 2
:».
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
r r f ,
Corona San Diego Aug. 17. 11 atniPier 11
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 13, 10 am! Pier 11
San Jose... New York Aug. 13. 12 mfPMSS
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Aug. 13. 5 pin, Pier 13
Bonita Newport Aug. 19. 9 amjPier 11
Walla Wai. Victoria Aug. 19. llanvPler 3
Czarina .... Seattle Aug. 20. 11 am; Pier 11
Pt." Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 20. 3 pmiPler 2
Del Xorte.. (Portland Aug. 20. 8 amIPler 20
St. Paul ICape Xom»... Aug. 20. 2 pn Pier 31
G. Dollar... (Grays Harbor Augr. 20 1
Empire ....JCooa Bal Aug. 21, 10 am|Pter 13
Gaelic China & Japan Au*. 21. 1 pm PMSS
State Cal.. Portland Aug. 21. 11 am Pier 24
Banta'Rosa San Diego Aug. 21. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona ... Hiunboldt Auj. 21. 2 pm Tier 9
Arcata .... Coos Bar Aug. 21. 12 m' Pier 13
Australia .. Honolulu Aug. 22, 2pm|Pler 7
Coos Bay. .(Newport Aug. 23. 9anvPierU
Barracouta'Cen. America. Aug. 23. 12 m.PM33
Umatllla ..IVlctorta Aug. t*. 11 am 1 Pier 9
North ForklHumboldt Aug. 2*. 12 m| Pier 2
:».
Steamer. i From.
I Due.
».
Del Norte lPcrtland
Point Arena iPolnt Arena
Eureka j Humboldt
Bonlta Newport
Orace Dollar... I Gray 9 Harbor ,
Rival |WiI!apa Harbor
Hongkoner Maru China and Japan....
State of Cal Portland
Progreao Tacoma
Tltanla N'anairno
Victoria [Oyster Harbor
Empire Coos Bay
Peru New York
Areata Coos Bay
Orizaba (Humboldt
Santa Rosa >San Diego
Tanis Hamburg
Umatllla Victoria
North Fork Humboldt
Coos Bay Newport
Waahtenaw jTacoma
Columbia Portland
Corona San Diego
Crescent City ..(Crescent City
. Aur. t
Au«. T,
. Auk. 1
• Aug. r
.lAusr. v
.IAus.1"
.|AuS. 1!
. Aug. l:
. Aus. H
. Au,?. I
.[Aug. 1
.|Au*. 1!
.|AUK. 1
. Aujr. i:
. Aug. i:
. Aug. 1!
Aug. 3
. Aug. 3
Aug. X
, Auk. 2)
. Aug. 3
, AUg. t
. Aug. c:
. Aug. 2
17
¦ 1
1:
.7
17
ti
;T
a
a
n
is
is
H
19
It
ts
13
is
90
to
QBERLIN, Aug.' 16.— Herr Krupp will be
gin practice August 23 with cannon shoot-
f± FTER the strained sentimentality
II and commonplace dialogue of
try "Heartsease." the humor, genuine
I though fantastic, and tho occasion
ally brilliant writing of "The Ad
venture of the Lady Ursula" come as a
welcome change. This is the last play In
which Miss Anglin Is to appear this soa
son, and those who remember her charm
ing characterization of the heroine last
year looked forward with pleasant an
ticipation to the revival of the piece last
night at the Columbia. This" anticipa
tion was not disappointed, for Miss Anc
lin has Improved upon what was alreadv
an excellent rendition. The objectionable
business of the first act has Pntlrely dis
appeared and the masqueradingR in man's
attire were managed with a delicacy that
was conspicuously absent from the recent
performances of the Wycherley play at
tho Alcazar. In the climax of tho third
act-a most dimcult one— Miss Anglin
showed a capacity, for tragic effects that
makes one think she Is bound to accom
plish something distinguished even in
Shakespearean roles, should she ever enre
to attempt them. Mr. Miller as Sir
ueorge Sylvester was as good as last
year; he could not have been better If
the matineo girls must adore him— and I
suppose they must-let them bo told that
he really appears to much better advan
tage in this character than he does as
Eric Temple. True, In this play love lies
not In his eye so beaming, but there are
more things In heaven and earth than
are dreamed of in the philosophy of love
Mr. Morgan had only a little part— and
did little with it. That Is not good art
for whatever is worth doing is worth do
ing well. Witness Mr. Lamb as Old
Qullton, a distinct and original charac
ter study, with the chiaroscuro distrib
uted to a nicety. Mr. Walcot was once
severely criticized by John Gllmer Speed
for overdoing his parts. . Mr. Speed's faith
would have been partly justified had he
been present last night, for many lines
that should, It seems to mo, have been
played -as comedy Mr. Walcot reduced to
farce.
Mr. Kindlay ' as the quarrelsome Dent
was forcible and effective, playing a good
foil to the equaHy good Custleton of
Earle Browne. Miss KUiston as Dorothy
looked so beautiful that, had Sir Joshua
been blessed with vision of her I am sure
he would have wished to paint his name
on the hem of her garment Instead of on
that of Mrs. Slddons. . .
"The Adventure of the Lady Ursula" Is
a plav that improves upon a second hear
ing. The fourth act." to be sure, is worth
less both as drama and as literature, and
the means of working up to the, central
situation -are artificial and threadbare,
i Butfrom the opening of. the second act
till the close of the third it Is possible to
forget these things, so terse and. polished
is ' the ¦ dialogue. - so - subtle the . play % upon
each other of the two principal charac
ters. - / I- r>U PONT SYLE.
MISS AN GLIN'S
LADY URSULA
International Typographical TJnion
Vests Executive Council With
More Power.
MILWAUKEE. Aug. 1?.— The Interna
tional Typographical Union to-day voted
to meet next year at Birmingham, Ala.
The forenoon was taken up in discussing
a proposed amendment to the constitu
tion providing for a censorship by the
executive council of all communications of
union members to be printed in newspa
pers, circulars or pamphlets reflecting on
the standing or character, private or pub
lic, of any member or members of the
International Typographical Union. Mem
bers violating this clause will be subject
to trial, and fined, suspended or expelled
on a two-thirds vote of the members.
The object of the association is to con
trol in a measure much of the matter
printed in labor papers. The proposition
was adopted— 131 to 39.
The labor editors were given a hearing
and have promised to indorse the legis
lation.
Other matters acted upon to-day were
the indorsement of the Women's Labor
League and the adoption of legislation
prohibiting speed by hand or machine.
A resolution was passed empowering
the executive council to treat with a spe
cial committee of the American Publish
ers' Association for the purpose of cre
ating a general arbitration committee,
whose duty it will be to arbitrate all dif
ferences pending and future. It is said
the matter will be referred to all the
unions, and if fifty unions sustain the
ruling a referendum vote will then be
taken.
PRESIDENT RESIGNS.
Chief Executive of the Republic of
Colombia Tires of His Office.
NEW YORK, Aug. 16.— A cable dispatch
was received here from Bogota announc
ing the reslRnatlon of President Sancle
monte of the republic of Colombia. Vice
President Marroquln will serve out the
four years that remains of his term. The
action of Senor Sanclemente will brmtr
about a change In the political system of
Colombia, and may even end the revolu
tion, which has been in progress for ten
months.
CENSORSHIP PLACED ON
EDITORS OF LABOR PAPERS
FITZ SAYS THAT HE MAY
CLAIM THE CHAMPIONSHIP
Issues a Defi to Jeffries,. Who Has
Refused to Meet Winner of
the Coming Fight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— Jeffries' refusal
to meet the winner of the Sharkey-Fltz
simmons light on August 31 has caused
the Australian to issue a statement In
which he threatens to claim the cham
pionship by default if successful in his
coming encounter. In this statement Fltz
simmons says:
'JJ see In this morning's papers that
Jeffries has crawled out of the possibility
of meeting me In the ring again. On
Tuesday Mr. Brady waited until Sharkey
and myself were matched for August 24,
\ Sr n ne challenged the winner to meet
JeffrlP3 August 31. I promptly acceptr J
the opportunity providing I was fortunate
enough to defeat Sharkey. The matter
was settled then and there. Now this
great champion of the world can't devote
ten days to training for the prospect of
establishing beyond question his right to
the title and earning about $2>,000.
The trutrr of the matter is that Jeffries
Is afraid to- meet me again. I hive ac
cepted every offer he ever made for a
return match and each time he has mado
some silly excuse to get out of the matcli.
I hereby give Jeffries notice that having
accepted his challenge in the event of
winning from Sharkey I shall claim the
championship of the world and I believe
the public will sustain my claim and
recognize me as the real champion "
BISHOP M'FAUL SPEAKS
BEFORE CATHOLIC UNION
Makes an Address on the Question of
Federation of the
Societies.
TRENTON. N. J.. Aug. 16.— At this
morning's session of the thirty-second
convention of the Irish Catholic Benevo
lent Union Bishop McFaul of this dio
cese made an address on the question of
ihe federation of the Catholic societies in
this country. The Bishop also referred
to the Children's Aid Society, a national
oiganizatlon, which he said took chil
dren from almshouses and placed them in
private homes, but which was not always
careful to place Catholic children with
Catholic families. The result of all this.
Bishop McFaul said, was that Catholic
children in public institutions grew up in
ignorance or indifferent to their natural
was enthusiastically re
ceived.
POISON FOUND IN
STOMACH OF DECEASED
Widow of Edward Herrick Will Be
Called as, a Witness Before
• Coroner's Jury.
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— Poison In deadly
quantities has been found in the stomach
of Edward Herrlck. an aged commission
merchant, whose sudden death last week
served to recall several mysterious deaths
in his household, among the victims being
his first wife. In January last Herrlck
married Mrs. Limburner. formerly a do
mestic employed by the family. Her first
husband also died suddenly. The result of
the chemical analysis of the contents of.
the stom.-ich will be produced for the Cor
oner's jury. Mrs. Herrick, the widow, will
be called as a witness.
STORMS IN NEBRASKA.
Great Damage to Crops by Heavy
Fall of Hail.
LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. 15.— "Wind and
hail storms of unusual severity visited
Nebraska at an early hour thi9 morning.
Seward. Southern Lancaster and Jeffer
son counties suffered most. Crops were
ruined by the hail and in some cases some
buildings were blown down and wrecked.
The hall broke half the window glass in
the towns of Ruby, Beaver Crossing. Pan
ama and Fairbury.
The area covered is of considerable ex
tent and the damage to crops will reach
high in the hundred thousands of dollars.
No fatalities are reported, although
houses in almost every town in the path
of the storm were struck by lightning.
Miller Raises His Flag.
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
VALLEJO, Aug. 16.— Commandant Miller
of Mare Island raised his rear admiral's
flag over the Mare Island station to-day.
Admiral Miller's promotion came a short
time after the death of Admiral Philip.
He was appointed to the naval academy
from Ohio and received his commission
November 2S. 1S59.
Prisoner Jumps From a Car.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 16.-Whlle being
transported to Folsom prison this morn
ing S. Harding, sentenced to tlfteen years'
imprisonment from San Francisco for
burglary in the first degree, jumped from
a car window between Alder Creek, thl3
county, and Folsom.' in an endeavor to
escape from Sheriff Lackmann of San
Francisco. He was stunned as a result
of the fall and was easily captured.
Mrs. Hassett Injured.
PACIFIC GROVE, Aug. 16.— Mrs. E.
Hassett of San Francisco accidentally
stepped into an elevator shaft at the El
Carmelo Hotel yesterday and fell a dis
tance of about eight .feet. One arm was
fractured and she also sustained severe
bruises.
Charged With Picking Pockets.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 16.-A young man
from San Francisco named Joseph Ford
was arrested to-night for picking the
pocket of Peter Loucks in a saloon.
Loucks claims that he was robbed of J13
or $20. ££££
QUARTER CENTURY CLUB
IS STRONG FOR METCALF
OAKLAND, Aug. 16.— The Quarter Century Club held an "adjourned V
meeting this evening at Us headquarters. There was a large attend- *"
ance. Short addresses were made by President Fox. Judge John W. Q
Day, from Kansas, who has permanently located in this city; Post- y.
master W. H. Friend of Oakland; L. L. Alexander, who, twenty years *
ago, was chairman of the Alameda County Republican Committee: Dr. J. C. v
Stout, who has recently settled here from San Jose, where he was chairman *
of the county, committee; Lowell J. Hardy and Fred M. Campbell. It. was n
unanimously voted that the club continue as a permanent organization.
Mr. Alexander was appointed chairman of a committee whose business it
shall be to Issue a pamphlet setting forth sententlously the records of the V
¦ Republican and Democratic parties. *r
*The folowing preamble and resolutions were unanimously adopted: A
Whereas, The Quarter Century Club, composed of Republicans,' now resldent-of Ala-
meda County.' who have voted the Republican ticket for twenty-five years or more, has *"
taken a deep Interest In the success of Hon. Victor II. lletcalfa candidacy for. renom- A
Ination 89 Representative in Congress from the Third District of California, and '
whereaa this club desires to express its gratification at the success of Mr. Metcalf at *
the primary election of last -Saturday, am mist 11. and whereas, this club believes that A
the strong support given Mr. Metcalf by the San Francisco Morning Call contributed V
In no small degree to that success, therefore be It *¦
Resolved, That the Quarter Century Republican Club extends its appreciative A
thanks to the San Franctsoo Call for its stanch, well-directed and dlsnlfled efforts in V
behalf of Hon. Victor H. Metcalf. *
A copy of the foregoing was ordered to be sent to The CalL Q
After a vote of thanks to the Oakland Tribune and. other papers which *.
-supported Mr. Metcalf. the club adjourned to meet at the same place next- A
Thursday evening. V
by his Consul, went before the representa
tives of the native Government and de
manded satisfaction and pecuniary in
demnity.
"You must realize that no matter how
able your missionaries are, it is hard to
convert Chinese. The religion of Con
fucius is thousands of years old, and time
has bred it into the people, but above all
he convinces while he teaches; he gives
you reasons why what he says is true;
he Inculcates rules of action that are good
for a community to follow. As a usual
Chinese Consul General Ho
Yow Addressing the Ebell So
ciety.
J- W. Walton, poundkeeper, called upon
Captain eplilane yesterday in regard to
the brown mar? supposed to have be. n
Ftoion from a lot on Seventeenth street
July 10. and which was found in the pos
session of John Shea, one of his deputies.
}\f paid that th* mare was found on the
Mission road July 3f>. opposite St. Mary's
College hy Julius Levy, a cattle dt-alVr
who took It to the pound. The horte
Fhownd that it had evidently been on a
king fourpejr. It was kr-pt at the pound
for two days and was then advertised for
seven day*", alter which it was sold to
W. J. Mahoney. who drives the dearl
hcrso wagon, and by him sold to Shea,
iVrsrcant Lewis is still investigating the
matter.
Stolen Horse Mystery.
JUDGE ANGELLOTTI WILL
TRY THE MERRITT CASE
OAKLAND, Aug. 16.— Judge Angellotti
of the Superior Court of Marin County
has. at the invitation of Judge W. E.
Greene, agreed to hear Horace \V. Phil
brook's application for letters of guar
dianship of Jaraw P. Merritt and the Mer
ritt children. The trial of the case will
be commenced to-morrow before Judge
Judge Greene was objected to by Phil
brook" Judge Hall is disqualified, and
Judges Ellsworth and Ogden refused to
sit in the matter. It was thought Judge
Greene would preside, but his selection of
Judge Angellotti is a barrier to further
delays.
The following named grand jurors were
selected yesterday in the I'nited States
IHstrict Court: H. F. Allen, foreman:
George T. Seal, Becretarr; Charles R.
Johnson, B. Newman. Harry Lask, Henry
IJn^enfeM. T. F. Tracy, H. P. Thayer.
K. G. Klehlmrst. William B. Crowley, G.
1». Greenwood, C. H. Gray, William H.
Uusch, G. H. Thompson. C. C. Grot-?, A.
K. Pryor, J. \V. Graves. Charles A. Green.
J. Knowland, I^oul? I>ask. It. T. KImball.
JusM-ph G. Gie^tine and Howard Black.
Federal Grand Jury Selected.
The Marsha 11« win hold their annual ex
cursion ar.d outing at Schuetzen Park,
n»'3r Sen Rafael, on Sunday next. Many
valuable %A\f. and gamp prizes will be
u warded and some novel features ar»
promised. The society is composed of
jncmlKTS of Marshall Parlor No 20 9 N
S. G. \\\
The Marshall s Excursion.
The case of Mrs. unve Rreneman,
charged with extortion by John Richard
son, contractor, was dismissed by Judge
C'abaniss yesterday. The Judge referred
to the contradictions made by Richnrd
*on and was satisfied that it would be im
pOSSible to get a conviction. It w.if a
¦ ,:.!.-!l"n of \ - eraeity between Richardson
and the woman, the court said.
Olive Breneman Discharged.
OAKLAND. Aug. 16.— Jane Leavy, who
claims to be the widow of the late John
Leavy. has made a deposition before
United' States Consul George W. Bell at
New South Wales petting forth her alleged
claim to Leavy's estate.
The alleged widow claims that she and
Leavy were married a number of years
apo and that he deserted her a short time
after the ceremonv. -Although separated
for seventeen years the couple were never
divorced. The deponent alleges that her
certificate of marriage is recorded in New
John Leavy was tender of the Webster
ctreet drawbridge for lifteen years. He
died in January. 1S93, leaving an estate
valued at about $5000.
LEAVY'S ALLEGED WIDOW
CLAIMS HIS ESTATE
Your? Ladies'' Institute No. 7 of this
city will give its annual ball In Native
Eons' Hall on the 30th in?t. The follow
ing named ladles constitute the commit
\*.f. of arrangements: Josie Shea., Flo
rence Dtmpfey, Brlda O'Connor, Nano
Ma honey. Kittle Buckley, Kittle Burke,
Mrs. Richardson, Mrs. Greaney, Cclia
Young. Maggie King and Hannah Fitz
jjiitrick. : ; v ¦?¦>•¦- -:/!¦¦' Y.
Young Ladies' Institute No. 7.
Harry Slater, the soldier burglar, who
r,roke into the residence of John McFad
ricn on Wednesday* morning, was up for
his preliminary examination before Judge
CabaniFB yesterday. I/ittle Mary Ellen
McKadden told of beinK awakened by
Hlat^r and of Mb attempt at enforcing
lcr *<!on<-e. The examination will be con
t.Vued to-morrow.
Soldier Burglar on Trial.
COVELO, Aug. ir..-Joseph Lightfoot, a
projnlncnt pioneer stockman of Round
Valloy, died suddenly last night of heart
failure. Deceased came here in 1S49. He
was a native of Canada, aged 70 years.
One son survives him.
Joseph Lightfoot.
Campbell Settle.
SAN JOSE; Auk. 1C— Campbell Settle,
one of the best known citizens of San"
Jose, a pinnoer of 1S57, died at his home
last evening from heart trouble. He was
a native of Indiana, aged 75. Deceased
was prominently connected with the
affairs of the city -and was president of
the Farmers' Union, the largest mercan
tile establishment in the county, lie
leaves a widow and one daughter.
THE DAY'S DEAD
Gray liros., contractors, are defendants
in a suit brought by dwellers on Tele
graph Hill, who allcpe !n thplr complaint
that th«-y arc living within thfrty feet of
a dynamite mln«». planted by the contrac
tors* to Mast rock. The plaintiffs. Sydney
Nau. James <Juthrlc and George Folsom.
want COM for allied damages already
rtonc their dwellings by blasting opera
tions.
Fear Dynamite Mine.
Mrs. Madeline de Lagnel. wife of Col
er.«-l J. A. de I^egnel, passed away at the
home of her brother, A. Sbarboro, yester
<5i«y. She had been ill for Home time and
her death was not unexpected. The In
terment will be private.
A. Sbarboro's Sister Dead.
BERKELEY. Aug. lC.-MIss Caroline J.
MpnRing and Edward L. Splnks were
unitrd In marriage last evening at the
home of R. Shaffer/ 2017 Lincoln street, by
the Rev. Ben 1* Sargent. The bride and
eroom are both from Fresno and were
students at the university summer school.
Summer School Romance.
Captain Robinson Promoted.
Fl^-oial Dispatch to The Call.
EEATTLE, Aug. 16.— Unofficial but veri
fir-d nows reached here to-night that Cap
t.iin W. W. Robinson Jr., assistant United
Stairs quartermaster, located here for
i-e v<?ral year* . has be*>n promoted to the
rank of major of volunteer* and assigned
to duty at Honolulu, relieving Major
cjoorce Ruhlen. *rho will come to Seattle.
2:25 trot, purse $500— Mark Allerton won In
*tra!eht heats. Best time. 2:24. Gray Billy,
Lady Nestor and Joymaker also started.
2 - 27 class, pace, purse $500— Tod William*
won tho first, second and sixth heats. Bes»
time, 2:20%. Vesper won fourth and fiftn
heats. Dandy won third heat. Eva Victor,
Abbott Hill. Captain S. Altara and Mar Mao
also started. -¦¦¦'•-
FREEPOIIT, III.. Aug.. 16.— The meeting of
the Freeport Driving Park Association opened
to-day. Results: •
Opening at Freeport.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 16.— Milwaukee, 3; Chl
cajto 3. Called at end of twelfth, inning on
aecoiiht of darkness.
BUFFALO, Aug. 16.— Buffalo, 2; Indianapo-
JIb 5. ' • "" *
CLEVELAND, Aug. 16.— Cleveland, 0; De-
Ml'NNEAPOLlS. Aug. 16. — No tune; called
oft. ¦ :-¦::-:¦"::¦ : -f ?".:>•
American I/eague Games.
Batteries— Griffith and Chance; Mercer and
Grady. Umpire— Swartwood.
CHICAGO, Aug. 16.— Griffith allowed but four
ecattpred singles to-day. Attendance, 1100.
Score: \
Clubs— . R. H. H.
Chicago i 7 0
New York 0 4 2
Plttsburg ...'. 0 5 8
Brooklyn 8 12 0
Batteries— rhllippl, Hutting and O"Connor;
McGlnnlty and Farrell. Umpire— O'Day.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 16.— Wild thrown by Wil
liams and O'Brien In the first inning, letting
In two runs, peemed to take the heart out
of Pittsburg. but HcGlnnlty'e underhand work
would have beaten them anyhow. Attendance,
3200. Score:
Clubs— ? R. H. E.
Boston 8 6 0
Batteries — Jones, Young: 'and Crirer; Dlneen
and Sullivan. Umpire— Hurst.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 18.— Dlneen twirled In sen
sational form and his shoots fooled the St.
Louis batters whenever things appeared dan
gr-rous. Attendance, 2100. Score:
Clubs— R. II. E.
St. Louts 16 1
Batteries— Breltensteln and Peltz; Frazer and
Murphy. Umpire— EmBlle.
Cincinnati 6 11 1
Philadelphia 3 8 2
CINCINNATI, Aug. 16.— Th* locals hit Frazer
very hard to-day and won easily. Attendance,
2000. Score:
Clubs — , R. H. E.
Clubn— W. I* Pet. Cluba — W. I* Pet.
Brooklyn ....55 S3 .624 Boston 46 47 .493
PittBburg ...60 42 .541 St. Louis 41 47 .468
Philadelphia 47 43 .522 Cincinnati ..41 60 .450
Chicago 47 46 .503 New York... 35 62 .402
Boston Pitcher Fools the Batters of
DINEEN TWIRLS WELL.
the St. Louis Team. ,
STANDING OF THE CLUBa
The five and a half furlongs running
was won by Miss Divadend, Christine sec
ond. Wing third. Time, 1:OS.
On account of darkness, the bIx and a
half furlongs running was postponed until
to-morrow.
2:17 trot.
El Moro (Clark) 5 3 111
Arroyo (Willis) 1 2 2 2 2
Daimont (Hnnahonm) 2 15 3 5
PaMe Prances (Sullivan) ..4 5 3 4 3
McXally (Hoy) 3 4 4 5 4
, Time— 2:14Vi. 2:13, 2:14%, 2:15U. 2:18H-
CHICO. Aug. 16.— The racing events at
the Chico Driving Park to-day consisted
of a 2:20 class pacing race for a purse of
$1000, 2:17 trot for purse of $500 and five
and a haJf furlongs running for purse of
$100. The 2:20 pacing was won by Goshen
Jim in three straight heats. Dlctatus won
second money, Cloe third and Bob fourth.
The 2:17 class trotting was much more
excitinp, five heats being required to set
tle matters. Daimont ¦was favorite in the
betting, but was very lame, and at the
end of the fifth heat was barely able to
walk from the track. El Moro. who came
Jifth in the first heat and third in the sec
ond, brushed up and won the next three
heats. In the next heat, however, El
Moro was closely pressed by Arroyo. El
Moro won first money. Arroyo second,
Daimont third. Summary:
2:20 i>ac<?. purse 11000.
Ooshen Jim (SedJy) 1 1 1
Dlctatus (Day) * 2 2
One iClark) 2 4 *
Bob (Brown) 3 3 3
Tlme-!:12, 2:14, 2:14%.
Pace, El Moro the 2:17 Trot and
Miss Divadend the Running.
Goshen Jim Takes the 2:20 Class
GOOD SPORT WITNESSED
AT CHICO DRIVING PARK
Terrill Again Escapes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 11.— Sam B. Terrtll,
the attorney who was indicted by the
Grand Jury on a dozen charges of for
eery and embezzlement, to-day freed
lilm?elf of another of the Indictments.
An «rror had been made In the com
plaint and after hearing argument Judgo
Lorlgan instructed the Jury to bring in a
verdict of acquittal. • ,
Democrats Meet.
Bpecial Dispatch to Tho Call.
WOODLAND, Aug. 16.— A meeting of the
Third Congressional District members of
the Democratic State Central Committee
was held in Woodland this afternoon. Ed
E Leah*" was chosen chairman and Hon.
M F. Tarpey secretary. Mr. Tarpey
Btated/the. purpose of the meeting. A
committeeman was named in every county
who will at once undertake precinct or
ganization.
About half the cases appealed to the
Colorado Supreme Court are reversed, the
majority of» them: on technicalities due
largely to the fact 'that : Judges of the
County " Courts are not necessarily ' law-
On one of the Japanese railways terra
cotta sleepers ure used. They are far
more durable than these of wood
URGES ADDITIONS TO
THE ITALIAN NAVY
Ex-Premier Crlspl Deplores Sis Conn-
try's Weakness of Organized
Defense.
ROME, Aug. IS.— La Revlsta Marttlma
publishes an article by Slgnor Crlspi. in
which the ex-Premier urges an increase
cf the navy. He says that during tha
existence, for eighteen years, of th* triple
alliance Italy had not had an organized
defense. From I860, he further says, to tha
present time 2,&0,000 lire has been spent
on the navy, which, however, hast de
scended from third place in 1S8O. until It
is now seventh among the navy powerp.
Italy, continues the article, cannot be de
fended without a strong fleet, nor can
any Italian colony be safeguarded against
foreigners.
Signor Crlspl asserts that the economi
cal future of Italy demands that she
search for new fields In the extreme Or
ient, and he concludes by warmly recom
mending that the Government provide for
the necessities of the situation, "for to
relinquish a fleet proportionate to the
needs of the country would be to aban
don the sole hop« of safety to *rhich Italy
could trust her fortune In tho day of
trlaL " ___?__
OBJECT TO REUNIONS
OF BLUE AND GRAY
Tennesseeans Protest Against Gen
eral Gordon Attending the
G. A. R. Encampment
>!K\V" ORLEANS, Aug. 18.— The Confed
erate Association of the Army of. Tennes
see, which includes a large majority of
the Confederate veterans In N«w Orleans,
has protested against General J. B. Gor
don, commanding the United Confederate
Veterans, attending the O. A. R. encamp
ment at Chicago. The following resolu
tion Introduced by . General Chaldron,
president of the association, waa unani
mously adopted:
"In view of the recent occurrences at
Atlanta and the utterances there of the
commander of the G. A. "R., this associa
tion deprecates and objects to all so-called
reunions of the Blue and Gray and pro
tests against General John R. Gordon ac
cepting an Invitation to be present at the
reunion of the Grand Array of the Re
public in his capacity of commander of
the United Confederate Veterans."
Bryan's 'Welcome Home.
LINCOLN," Neb.. Aug. 18.-L!neoln ten
dered a very handsome welcome to Mr.
Bryan upon his return to his home after
an absence of ten days, lie was met at
tho station by a large crowd of people,
who escorted him to his residence, and
who. after listening to a speech there and
shaking hands with both Mr. and Mrs.
Bryan, only dispersed to meet In the
evening with many other* In a reception
given in the State Capitol grounds,
which partook more of the nature of an
official function. In his addres3 at hia
home Mr. Bryan said: *¦ .--¦. -^
"I have sometimes been criticized for
going away from home instead of staying
here and having people come to see me.
but I have felt, in the flr*t place, that peo
ple could not come here as well as they
could go to Canton. Lincoln Is not in the
center of a thickly populated country, aa
Canton is. and our people have not the
means of traveling without cost as they
have In some parts of the country under
some circumstances, and I have felt that
it was a great deal cheaper for me to go
and see the people than for me to com
pel them to come and see me." (Ap
plause.)
Mr. Bryan then discussed national Is
sues at some length.
Infant's Body Found.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 16.— About noon
to-day two laborers engaged In cleaning
a sewer manhole In the alley between
Tenth and Eleventh. I and J streets,
threw out the body of a prematurely born
Infant, and without notifying the author
ities cast It on the dumps south of the
city. The body was horribly mangled and
how It got Into the sewer Is a question
causing considerable comment. Coroner
McMullen is investigating.
Primary Called.
Special Dispatch to The Call
JJAPA, Aug. 16. — The Democratic Coun
ty Central Committee of this county has
called a primary election, to be held Aug
ust 23. to elect seven delegates to the San
Jose convention on September 7. The com
mittee will call another primary In Sep
tember to elect delegates to the county
convention, which will probably be held
October 6. which date Is two days later
than the time set for the Republicans.
Funeral of Mrs. Armitago.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CLOVERDALE. Aug. 16.— The body of
Mrs. Armltage, who was fatally burned
in a fire at her home, was interred in
the Catholic Cemetery this morning. Th,»
mother and sister of deceased wers pros
trated and could not attend the 'funeral,
which was one of the largest ever seen
here.
Hours Reduced.
VALLEJO. Aug. 16.— A welcome order
was received at the navy-yard to-day di
recting that henceforth ship-keepers
would work eight hours a day Instead of
twelve, which has been the rule tor a
auarter of a century cast.
thing Chinese have no recourse to law
courts or written law. They are governed
by the rules of Confucius. It is this that
keeps the 500,000,000 people of China to
gether In a society. Do you wonder that
it Is hard to convert the Chinese?
"Now. taking up the matter of conces
sions. Here parties use missionaries to
get lands ana favors from the Chinese
Government. That this is true Is a mat
ter of history, and partly on this account
the Chinese masses have come to distrust
your bearers of Christianity. With the
matter of concessions the Chinaman's
worship of his ancestors is in undyiriK
conflict. As you worship your God so
the Chinese worships the tomb of his
father. They respect a dead friend as
much as you do a living one. Here is
the chief cause of the opposition to the
advent of railroads and mines, for these
must cut up the land where the bodies
lie.
"Some, people regard the Chinese as the
aggressors in the present trouble. We
all know that the Chinese are as a rule
not aggressive. They are willing to live
In -peace.
"This war. this trouble, may mean much*
for China and much for civilization. We
have no way of telling to what this trou
ble will lead. There is one danger: If
you teach the Chinese how to use modern
weapons, how to make machinery — teach
them your religion, force them into civili
zation, as you call it, they will learn
quickly. That may mean the triumph of
Kurope — and it raav mean othe-wlse.
Let me tell you that if the Chinese learn
your industries, they can supply the mar
kets of the world, and compete with the
world.
OAKLAND. Aug. '16.— Uo Tow. Chi
nese Consul General on the Pacific •
Coast, made his first public utter
ance on the present trouble in .
China to-night at the Ebell Society's
rooms. The Chinese Consul had been In
vited to address the society and he did so
to-night. Many gentlemen were present.
The reception room of the club was •
crowded with the exclusive set of Oak
land and many were turned away by lack .
of room.
The Consul appeared in native costume
of pale blue with light golden embroidery.
He spoke in English, saying:
"The three principal causes of the so
called war are: First, the unintentional
action of missionaries in China; second,
the acquisition of territory by foreigners;
third, the desecration of the homes and
graves of our ancestors.
"I want to say that the missionaries de
serve great credit for what they are do
ing, but there are a great many converts,
fo called, who use the missionaries as a
means to obtain their ends. Many China
men Join the missions because th#y have
committed crimes and want to get out of
the clutches of the Chinese officials. 1
remember a particular instance in Canton.
A Chinaman there had committed a
crime. Before it, had been found out he
went to a missionary society, accepted
the Christian religion, and when our Chi
nese policeman came after him he claimed
the protecton of the missionary's flag.
This caused some trouble between -the
mission people and the local officials. In
a few days the missionary, accompanied
The Teachings of Con
, hfudias : Will Not Be Sup=
planted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. 'Aug. 16.
J. G. Mattes Jr. of Centerville will prob
ably be the Republican nominee for the
Assembly in the Forty-sixth Assembly
District, and J. C. Crooks of Haywards,
who has been regarded as the only can
didate in the field, is entirely out of the
tace. Mattos is an attorney and one of
the prominent citizens of Washington
Township, and his candidacy has only
developed within the last few days.
Before the primaries J. C. Crooks, who
is a Deputy County Clerk, was an avowed
Ualton man and a candidate for the As
sembly. The Metcalf men advanced the
name of E. K. Strowbridge of liaywards
as opposed to him. but Mr. Strowbridge
was never very enthusiastic. William
McDonald of Livennore was not anxious
to return. He consented to allow his
name to remain in the iieid, but finally
pulled out. Crooks waa very anxious to
go to the Assembly and got Strowbridge
to withdraw. Knowing mat McDonalu s
entire was not strong. Crooks decided to
take his chances with an unpledged
ticket rather than to put a ticket of Ills
own In the tleld. He was permitted to
name the four delegates from liaywards
if he named two Dalton and two Metcalf
men. He chose K. Reid and 1'. Wilbert
as representing his side of the light and
H. K. Brurmer and K. K. Strowbridge as
from the other side.
J. G. Mattos Jr. announced his legisla
tive ambitions yesterday, anil from the
make-up of the convention it is not likely
that he will have much opposition. At any
rale Crooks is now compelled to admit his
defeat. The delt gates to this convention
are:
Dr \V H. Cope of Pleasanton: Archie
Agcr of Btmol; I'ltcr Oxson of IMeasanton;
Cal Holmes. F. Malley and Al Hall of
Livermore; A. D. S. Stoop cf Tesla;
Chester Young of Altamont; Charles
Evans of N"iU-.«; J. II. Wakoiield of Mis
sion San Jose; J. G. Mattos Jr. of Cen
terville; Charles Cockfair of Newark; E.
A. Richmond of Alvarado; M. E. Mattos
of Irvington: H. K. iirunner. E. K. Strow
bridge, It. tfeid and P. Wilbert of Hay
ward*.
There is going to be a queer little fight
at Altr>mont at the coming county pri
mary. Jesse Young a::d Andrew Xicker
son of that place each want to attend the
Supervisorial convention, and so a special
election will be held for Altamont and the
two will be allowed to tight it out be
tween themselves. The result cannot in
any way affect the general result.
The indications are that C. P. Horner
of Centerville will be the Supervisorial
nominee in his district. Bailey of I^iver
more is out of it, and George F. Cash of
Irvington and C. V. Archibald of Center
ville belong to the defeated faction.
O Russ I^ukons opened headquarters to
day at the corner 1 of Twelfth street and
Broadway. He is said to be ready to put
money iii the fight to secure his nomi
nation for State Senator. His principal
opponent is AY. II. XVSLBtB of Berkeley.
The Congressional fight will cut Into this
fight to a great extent. Waste was a
M^tcalf man from the start and contrib
uted much to his success in Berkeley, and
I,ukena Js charged with voting for Dalton
in Metcalf's home precinct.
Supervisor John Mitchell to-day issued
a statement paying that he had not with
drawn from the light for Supervisor, but
that he was Koing to make the fight and
win if possible.
The Congressional Committee and the
County Committee of the Republican
party will meet Satiyday to canvass the
vote for Congressman and Assemblymen.
Lukens Opens Headquarters for Sena
tor nnd John Mitchell Says He
Has Not Withdrawn His
Candidacy.
J. G. Mattos Jr. of Centerville
Will Defeat J. C. Crooks
of Hay wards.
CHANGE IN THE
ASSEMBLY FIGHT
IN THE COUNTRY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Aug. 16.
The abandonment of the State series of
text books for the public schools Is the
scheme outlined in a letter received to
day- by County Superintendent of .Schools
T. O. Crawford from "W. C. Doub. Super
intendent of Kern County. This is >.n» of
the most important matters which will bo
offered for the consideration of the Coun
ty School Superintendents of California
at their State biennial convention to be
held August 28, in San Jose.
The subject has aroused a great deal of
interest among educators of this State.
There has been a decided movement
among many oi the pedagogues antago
nistic to the State series of text bcok3.
and It has crystallized in the proportion
which has now been made public.
It is proposed by Superintendent Doub
that there shall be a uniform series of
text books used in the elementary schools
of the State, but that all text books shall
be selected, not written by contract, by
the State Board of Education. Further.
Superintendent Doub believes that "the
State shall not print the text books, but
the State Hoard of Education shall en
deavor to secure special rates for the
schools of California on all books se
lected."
It is propesed that the next Legisla
ture shall be invited to make such
changes in the school laws as will bring
about these proposed measures. Super
intendent Doub offers a recommendation
that the State Board of Education be com
posed of the State Superintendent of Puo
lic Instruction, the presidents of the uni
versity of California and of the Lcland
Stanford Jr. University, the head of the
department of education In each univer
sity and the presidents of the State Nor
mal schools provided these presidents are
elected by the other members of the State
Board. The question of a continuous gov
erning body, like the University of Cali
fornia regents, to control all the normal
schools will be considered. It Is also pro
posed that this new State Board of Edu
cation shall have wide powers in deter
mining the rank and relative standing of
schools out of the State for purposes of
issuing teachers' certificates. Many
changes in that system are outlined.
There is also a proposition to abolish,
the primary grade certificate.
Instead of Contract Writ
ten Series.
Changes Sought by Which There Can
Be General Selection of Works
The County Superintet dents
Asked to Move for Re
peal of Liw.
PLANS TO HAVE
THE STATE TEXT
BOOKS CUT OUT
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
.. , . , UN Broadway. Aug. 16.
Adolpn H. Bauerle is accused by his sis
ter U k " AnRle Sylva, of having threat
ened his mother on her dying bed to pub
lish to the world stories damaging to her
moral character unlesa she appeased hia
cupidity by granting him valuable prop
erty in East Oakland. The serious
charges of sister against brother are
made in a second suit brought to com
pel him to relinquish the land. It revives
the bitter fight instituted several month*
ago byi Mrs. Louisa Fromme, daughter
and an heir of the late Mrs. Louisa
Bauerle.
He is charged in the complaint filed to
day that Mrs. Bauerle. fearing her son"s
threats, deeded to him the property asked
for. The property in dispute consists of
fifteen acres of land in Brooklyn Town
f^¦ 1) , > c^ alue<1 at abou * *-' won - On January
11. 1K>9. a short time before the death of
Mrs Bauerle. she executed a deed of gift
for the realty to her son Adolph. When,
after her death, her will was filed for
probate an efTort was made by Mrs.
Louisa Fromme. a married daughter, to
have the gift deed revoked, but she w&s
unsuccessful. The case was dismissed
and the warring brother and sisters were
thought to have adjusted their differ
ences.
The complaint filed to-day by Mrs.
Sylva adds further complications to th»
case by Including as defendants the origi
nal complainant Mrs. Louisa Fromme
and her husband. August Fromme, al
though they are not accused of having
any hand in the alleged fraud.
The specific charges against Adolph
Bauerle are that he took advantage of
hia mother's enfeebled condition and un
sound mind to frighten her into deeding
away her property.
The plaintiffs pray for the cancellation
of the deed and judgment that the dis
puted realty is a portion of the estate of
Louisa BauTle.
Brother and Sisters Resume Their
Bitter Fight for Possession of
Property Left by Thmlr
Serious Accusations Made
Against Adolph H.
Biuerle.
SAID TO HAVE
THREATENED HIS
DYING MOTHER
CHINESE CONSUL GENERAL
ADDRESSES EBELL SOCIETY
i£iiS^ H" 1 ' for th " of Pal!
fornias admission- into the Union draws
r <nli ) VZ* ?»»»»«««¦ are busy ar
w-um £ ** a co^Plete success. If
-, i* ,1* n^ Xt ten <lavs thp «">"»" «'
; .»'.ne> that js required to carry out all
< nans of festivities, decorations and
events shall have been secured
iiK-:e wul not be any hitch in the carrying
ov-l n t a J the ideas that have b.^n sug
ssted and the plan? adopted. The money
i: at Is Win* collected is not to be used
.[4 , niPolal events arranged by the in
iV 1 ' l^n.. rs of Native ttobs. bot tor
the beatifying of the city, the illumina
tion?, the regattas, parade, bay exeur
'•:; ils i firework and all that will make
fc £ a H , dI|c I> !: *ys for the benefit of all who
be in San Francisco during celebra
tion days.
The rowing events as arranged by the
regatta committee will bo as follows:
senior barge. int< rmediate barge, junior
barge, senior shell, junior thell. senior
skiff, junior skiff.
To this list is added as a special attrac
tion a race for fourteen-oar crews of the
-*avaJ Ilcserve from this city, Kureka.
flanta Cruz, Santa Harbara and San
Diego. The winning crew is to receive a
handsome trophy. A prize will also fro to
the crew winning second place. Medals
are to be given as rirst and second prizes
to the barge, shell and Fkiff events.
In a report the committee says: "The
rowing regatta will have in tv.o" or three
c the races seven entries, a larger num
ber Than has ever appeared in similar
races on the bay. We expect in the sail
n.g reprattii to have at least 1CK> craft and
promise a showing that our visiting
friends and brothers will never forget."
The naval parade committee has made
a request for an. appropriation nf $5tW, to
i ¦ • -xjwnded on the nijrht parade nn the
bay and in the illuminations on the oc
casion of the first night of the celebra
tion. The committee declares that first
impressions are laptii.^ and that a «...,.!
otsplajr must be made on the pecasfon of
the initial event. The finance committee
U not yet able to give a detinlte answer
a<= to whether it will be able to allow that
Fum.
Colonel Charles Boston, chief of staff,
DQ.B been detailed to receive applications
!r<.rn young ladies to represent living tig
ure-s on floats in the parade. A roll of
native daughter volunteers for Mlnervas.
Caiifornias and other figures has been
opened at headquarters in the Palace
Hotel.
< »ru Pro Parlor. Xative Daughters of
rie Golden West, has secured the bcauti
1 hall of the Elks fnr headquarters dur
ing the celebration. The wall will be dec
orated with Fmilax. evergreens, palms,
potted plants, ferns, flaps and electric
liens. The ladies will hold a reception.
serve refreshments and will distribute
California fruits. There will be a sacrod
Concert en Sunday and a grajid ball on
Hie right of the 10th. The committee la
composed of MlBses A. Croney, L. Henrix,
A. Grrdes. J. Stark. A. Simpson. L. Schaf-
U-r. j. Smith, T. Stahl. A. Hlnck, M.
liin<~k. Nellie Mulcay. Mosdames C. F.
Karp. E. S. Meyrr and J. Tvler.
Roll Is Opeaed for
Names.
Lady Volunteers Are Wanted for
Living Figures on Floats and
Estimate Being Made of
What the Naval Parade
Will Cost.
PROSPECTS ARE
GOOD FOR THE
BIG FESTIVAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1900.
To Shoot Fourteen Miles.
9
5ays Hypocritical Con=
verts Create Very Much
Trouble.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1900.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BTTSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third etreets. open
tictJl 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until J:30 p. m.
500 Hayes rtreet; open until 9:30 p. ro.
C39 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
BIS Larkin etrwt: open until 9:80 p. m.
:W1 SIlMton Etreet; open until 10 P. m-
ES1 Market etreet. comer Sixteenth; open
tr.tll E d. m.
IM Eleventh etreet: epen until 9 P- »•
ZWS Valencia, etreet; open until 3 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Btreets: open until 9 P. m.
MEETISG NOTICES.
A HF.GrLAR meeting of Terba MT&
Buer.a I>«5ge of Perfection No. ff±%
1. A. and A.. Scottish Rite of f/LfeR
Freemasonry, will be held in &/•*».
«~ha.pl<»r Hall. Masonic Temple. f\*Jz\
on FRIDAY EVENING. Au- fif-SS<VS
gTjet 17. 1W». at S o'clock. De- *y<JtJ | | ,-jli^L
greep fifth and sixth.
H i:NRY» BURNER. Secretary pro tern.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. -,-%-_.
T.. No. t Post st. — Regular assembly flMo
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. All jyj
fraters courteously invited. By order vr
of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA L^dpe NoTlT F. and A. ft
M.. will rn^et THIS (FRIDAY) EVEX-^JV.
ING. Aujruet I", at 7:30 o'clock. Third lCjf
degree. By order of the Master. *^r *
FRANKLIN H. DAT. Secretary.
REGl'LAR meeting of the Caledon- v «r\,
Ian Club THIS (FRIDAY) HVKX-^ ?JtXj
ING et I o'clock, at Scottish Hall. "tVX£if
117 Larkin et. ""^SESS
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McN'AIR, Secretary.
BT. ANDREW'S Society will cele- . «y >.
I rate the 12LHh anniversary of the 3S, UlT)
t.lrth of Sir Walter Scott on FRI-
DAY EVENING. 17th lnst.. at 8 **5C5»
o'clock, in Si-ottish Hall. 107 Larkin st Ad-
dress by Professor Hudson, views and vocal
fiflrctions by Mrs. Martin Sehultze, Miss
Jsflla Van Pelt. Mr. Alfred Wllkie. Mr.
Al"xand>»r Mrnnie; Professor Burness accom-
jjar.ist. Admission. 23 cents, payable at door.
WILLIAM RALNAV53S. President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
fTOeKHOLDERS' meeting-— The California
Prydock Company. — Notice is hereby given
that a meeting of the FtockhoMers of the The
California iJrydock Company will be held at
the office of paid company. No. 3C2 California
FTrof-t. San Franclsoo. California, on THt'RS-
1'AY. August 3f». 1900. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. rn. of that day, for the purpose of deter-
mining whether suld corporation shall be dU-
rolvwi. and of voting- upon a proposition to 1
dissolve the corporation, ana for the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. By order of the board of
<•.! rotors. W. F. RUSSELL,
Secretary The California Prydock Company.
THE annual me»tlnR of the Ftockholdeis of the
Pacific Undertaker* will be held at No. 777
Mission «.. Pan Francisco, Cal., THURS-
DAY. Aupust CS. 1P00, at 8 o'clock p. m.. for
the election of director* fcr the ensuing term
and also to consider an amendment to the
V-y-laws reducing the number cf directors
from S to 7, and the transaction of Euch othir
busirsefs as may come before the meeting.
Trar.yfer bocks will close Monday, August
10. li»00. nt 4 o'clock p. m. By order of thu
board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS of ability and experience In life Insur-
ance. Call at room 101, 997 Market cor. Sixth.
V'K handle newest novelties for agents. PA-
CIFIO AOKN'TS' SUPPLY CO.. Utl ISth tt.
ASTROLuGY.
MME. HICKEY. astrolcgiet: get your horoscope
with full explanation of your future. £0c: card
roatiirg and palmigtry. 25c. 1P33 Mission st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. TV. KING. S27 Market st.
room C27; all cases and collections; money
loaned.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. £50 Market cor. Stockton.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless eueceBsful. W.
IV. DAVIDSON, in Market et.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Kmma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
fcrt Bt; consultation free; no fees In advance.
OUSTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. S27 Market
Ft., r. :."'•: open eve.. 7-»: consultation free.
DATII CABIXETS. .
ttOBXSSSOS tS. 4-paneI folding: door opens; firm
ani safe. W. F. PBOWK. p*>n. agrt.. «6 Ellis.
___________
LORD FJLEBODX CHIEF and Lady Lurnb
:'.ryt prize in Er.rland. a.t Sl« Gclden Gate ave.
BICYCLES— -For Sale or Exrbance.
FIRST-CLASS lady's bicycle for sale; almost
new; very reasonable. 417 Twenty-ninth st.
BISIXESS CHAXCES. ~
A— AGENT wanted for manufae-t. i rlnz busi-
ncs»; capital needed about Sl<«)0; no opposi-
tion on this coaet; about 40 per cent profit;
manufacturer from tjregon here now to give
contracts lor a years. Call R. G. WILKE, !
26U Kearny Bt : j
A — 1750; CANDY store and Ice cream parlor la
Oakland; beautifully furnished and a No. 1
paying buflnf-ss; rent |W; owner compelled
ly ill health to retire. See R. G. WILKE.
iCa Kearny et.
A— 11000; IjaIKY. produc* and delicacy store
with milt; route; 4 horsos, 2 wagons. 1 buggy,
3 sets harness, cream separator, etc.; rent
f25; business clearing J100 per month. Call R.
O. \\ 1LKE. 26'i Kearny St.
A— ISO0; CORNER grocery and bar; one block
eouth of Market and Fifth ets.; rent Hi; a
good corner; all cash trade, mostly in bar.
Call R. O. WILKE. 2Chi Kearny et. *
A— J7M>; PALOON, with pool table; ciose to
Call tldg.; rent $C5; a eplendld location and
good paying business. Call R. G. WILUE, I
£C't4 Keamy E t. ;
A— rctx>: RESTAURANT and chophouse on wa-
ter front; rent $15; bargain. R. G. WILKE,
26'-4 Kearny et.
t500_PARTNEK wanted; barber business and
billiard parlors; prosperous country towr.
& co., 7774 Market st.
flfCO-SALOOX near Market s-t; bargain; go-
icg Eaft cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777'4 Market St.
$St*— BRANCH t&kery; candy, notions end de-
licatessen; in good location; large store; low
rent. LANE & CO.. t-C Market Et.
A— »2.%0: LAUNDRY route. leading laundry.
cWarlr.r *50 a month; fine wagrm; Intending
lti.-yer:<can verify natements; this Is bargain
for gome one. STEXBERG CO.. 935 Market.
SALOON for sale; preat bargaTn; must be sold
et once: centrally located. McBRIDE & CO
feft Howtrd rt
I'AVING restaurant: exchange for lots or lodg-
lng-house. EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy st.
BICYCLE repair shop; lathe, tools, wheels and
everything required; ran be improved; a first-
class bug; going to Europe. Box 1935, Call.
fJM» CASH; corner grocery and bar: fine stock:
good location: no agent. Apply at 124 Oak pt.
SMALL drugstore downtown for sale; aeef-pt
any reasonable offer. Address box I€25. Call.
GENTLEMAN desires lady partner to start
gigantic social society in U. S. Box 24, Call.
WANTED— Ranch or house and lot In exchange
for genteel paying busineps. 342 Kearny st.
FOR SALE— Barbershop; sacriHce; owner going
Eayt. 501 Castro et. near Eighteenth.
LAUNDRY route and wagon for sale: $330-
clears over $00 a month; stands investigation.'
Apply Call office.
t27u0-CORNER grocery; established for years;
fresh stock: location one of the best in the
city. Apply J. W. Z.. 221 Oak st.
BOARDING-HOUSE. 25 rooms: large dining-
rocm and kitchen; complete. "OUR HOUSE."
*x8 Illinois et.. I'otrero.
KG It sale— Butcher business, near city; must
pell at once. Addresa P. O. box 15. South San
Francisco. San Mateo County. Ce.1.
FOR FAI-E— BUcksmith-ehop; Point Reyes
elation. Marin County. Cal.
TO n EXT— For coal yard, milk depot et&Vfist
iooatirn: plave Is entirely covered; contains S
Ftails; rer.«. on!y J13; water free. Inquire WM.
? HKSf PRICKiSOK & CO.. 63 i Call building.
FOR sale- $200; rfftaurant end <?off«?e house;
dt-Klrable location and good chance for man
C!id wtf<-. Address 2. NEILSON. 1114 J nt..
Sacrtmento, Cal.
PAKTNEU with J600 In optical business; money
no object; receipts from JSO? to $1000 per
month: must be a graduate optician. Box
2261. Call of noe.
ATTENTION, shoemakers!— Fine store to open
fhoe business in rapidly growing neighbor-
hood: no opposition: fixtures in: 4 rooms. Cor.
Third ave. and Clement: Futro cars pass door.
FOR rale— nroo will buy a small eteam laun-
<*-f.v in a country town in California. Address
box 3?U. Call offlce. . -
A— PHYSICIAN'S practice Jn country for sale;
yearly income 14000: will sell for J750 'cash.-
Afldresn box 4C14, Call office.
OLD establlehed saloon en East et. for sale at
once. Call S Cut et -
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
BUTCHER business; good trade; elegant flx-
turea; bargain.. 17 Lapldge Bt. off 18th.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W r . CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
8-ROOM flat: new S42S
7 rooms and bath 165
100 rooms; rent $50 1300
26 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 1700
SO-room house; clears $300 2500
16 rooms; fine corner; clears $100 1000
12 rooms on Post St.; half payments E50
4">-room house on Powell et 2500
10-room; new; elegant furniture 650
21-room; clears $150 12M
16-room boarding-house; full 13W
S-room flat; downtown 400
DECKER. 1020 Market St.. phone Mint 796.
A BIG bargain ; partly furnished corner.
Flats. 6. 1, 8. 9 rooms. $510. $400 to $2S0
14 r.. part cash: rent HZ; full; pays well 450
85 r. ihotel); 5-yr. Iea6e; Income $800 mo.. 1600
85 r.; cor.; rent $85; income $220 3100
44 r.; oak; clean; bon ton; money maker;
low rent; part cash; low Interest; fine lo-
cation 3000
E2 room*!: trOOO. $2500. J3S0O and 7000
Long list- please call. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Mar-
ket. nr. Call tldg.; room 1; tel. Black. 1S03.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house: *300 down, balance easy.. 500
20-room house; first-class 1050
80-room house; all newly furnished 3100
11-room house. $475. 6- room flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
HOUSES from 10 to 180 rooms; good locations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned; to buy or sell your lodging
house or furniture and secure satisfaction
write or call SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917
Market St.. above Fifth, tel. Mint 1911.
75-ROOM transient house, near Market st.
06 room, north of Market st.
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy st
16-ROOM corner house: bargain If sold at once.
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy st
TWO mortgaged houses. 44 and 48 rooms: will
eell for little over mortgages. C. D. DAVIS,
room C9. 916 Market st.
20-ROOM. Eddy st. $500; 18 rooms, O'Farrell st,
&00. C. P. DAVIS, room 69. 816 Market st
FOR sale — Account of sickness: 9-room house,
newly furnished: 5 steady roomers: pays rent:
homelike; no reasonable offer refused. 1212
Howard st: no agents.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGON'S.
WAGON for pale. S14 Mission Et.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
FOR sale— Doctor's buggy team, cheap. DAL-
ZIEL, Vet Dentist, C05 Golden Gate ave.
AN A No. 1 express wacon. single, also IUht
camping waBon. for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ne«s. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO IlUTTOJtS.
MFT of all kinds cf photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale ar.d retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market Bt.. S. F.
CARPET BEATIXC AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAVLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st : tel. South 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson 6t. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 25a
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et. ;
tel. Main 391. GEO WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate eve. ; telephone nas>t 126.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BUNNY cottage, 212^4 Perry et; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery st.
$i— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, yard; respectable lo-
cation. 1705 Turk st, near Scott.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life;
lawsuits, divorcee, deaths; unites the separat-
ed: mlnlnK a specialty; cir«. Sun., Wed., Frl.
eve's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
CIS Eddy, bet Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
GO to WATSON, "only" original "gypsy palm-
ist and medium": lucky and true: readings
25c and 60c. 15S1 Market St., near Twelfth.
SPIRITUAL medium, Mrs. Harrison, 853 Mis-
sion; readings dally; 25c, f.Oc and $1; circle
Tues., Thurs. Pat. and Bunday eves.; 10c.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8
p. in. it McAllister st, rm. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. Harland's circle to-night: articles read.
10c; ladles' sitting*. EOc: gents', $1. 148 Sixth.
MRS. LESTER, circle this evening. 8 o'clock;
10c: sittings dally. 60c. 127 Turk st.
MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth st. circle to-day. 2 &
8 p. m. ; 10c: sittings dally; G.. $1; L., 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, rlt. daily; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sittings tl. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MMEf. PORTER, wnderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil &: second sight,
diagnoses diseaee with life readings: ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm. & clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. 14$ Sixth St., room 14.
A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 days
S42 Mission; ladies, 25c; gents, &0c; Frawley.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypry. is the great palmist
and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh St.; no sign.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant card reader"
sittings dally. 212^ Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
GEORGE W. KELLY'S A gency— No~charg~e lint
lesn successful. Room 310, 927 Market Et.
DENTISTS. * ~~
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 W) up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. S a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to 2
P. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKT' has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents fcr painless dentistry, plates, 'teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted; plates, full set, $5; fillings,
SOe; crown. $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 21 Cth.
EICHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $5; crowns. $3 50-
bridge work, $5; all the latest method* for
painless dentistry: hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dtntal Parlors. 1206 Market. cor.G.G.
DR. LUDLKM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. DOc; gas given.
DR. ALBERT HILLriafMarket. cor. Stockton,
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prices for best work.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 233 Kearny, cor. Bu«h—
Full net of teeth. $4; erowno, $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— • "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOTTNG. 1M1 Polk ft. '
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hoepltal Post Fillmore—
Artvlce and medicine. 75c; city .visits, $1 60: all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West MS.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P.mangecureand worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. S10 Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
! McDOWELL Dressmaking and~~~Mllllnery
School ; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
S. P. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ne«s.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
: DREPSES made from $3 CO up. MISS II. J.
KAISEIt. 661K Minna St., near Seventh.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary St.; dresses
made. $5 up; druses made over; perfect fit
EDUCATIONAL. ~
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market at; life
scholarship, $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriter; catalogue free ¦ '
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. 'i
EDP C uv^ r '
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and clABses taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE, Lyceum Theater School of Acting.
810-312 O'F.arrell st. . •
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand: if you want to
learn in a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. • COR-
NELL. room 53. Thurlow block, 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons: 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR. expert aecnt., 429 Farrott*bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course* this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market St. ,:
. 1 — — — — — —
ENGINEERING, civil, flee, mining, mech.' sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL.. 933 Market
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.; founded 1863; 80-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin—
All branches: thorough; positions secured.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Lelpsic: lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for |L
postage paid. -
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn. : tel. John 2121. 8%Vs Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best heln. 411V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WOMAN wishes work by the day houseclean-
ing or washing. Address 291 Thirteenth St.,
corner Mission.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes housework In
Christian family: wages $25. Call 15 Laskie
Et., oft Mission, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
GOOD cook wishes position in small Ameri-
can family. Addiws box 1626, Call.
COMPETENT young woman wishes work by
the day washing and housecleanlng. Call
Friday afternoon at 1155 Folsom St., rear.
AN American woman wishes to do washing.
Ironing and housecleanlng; wages $1 per day
and car fare. Box 190, Call offlce.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes position
as housekeeper; city or country- Box 1933,
Call offlce.
REFINED young woman desires position aa
working housekeeper or companion to lady.
Box 2012. Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— By a respectable woman, a place
to take charge of a house; Is a good sewer,
good housekeeper and manager, or could take
charge of young children and Instruct them;
country preferred. Address MRS. E., 5l7
Ninth Bt. Oakland.
RELIABLE woman wants general work wash-
ing or cleaning by day or wwk. Address box
B, Call branch office, 300 Hayes Bt.
SITUATION wanted by good cook and laun-
drefs In private family. Call at 203 Ash ave.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants a position In fam-
city; good references. Address box 3284,
Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
kte; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
NIGHT watchman with beat references would
like a position. Address C. HARTMANN. 127
Turk st.
MIDDLE-AGED man handy with horses wants
light work; -will take care of email stable of
horses: no milking: ref.; email wages. II.
WARREN. 246 Third st. New, Grand.
JAPANESE wants position as cook and waiter
or housework between 5 a. m. and 8 p. in.
HOMA. 1010 Pine St.
MIDDLE-AGED man, German - American,
wishes position as watchman or anything in
that line: city or country: discharged N. C.
officer U. S. army, with excellent character.
Address S.. Call offlce.
STEADY, reliable young man, understands the-
care of horses, desires a position as coachman
or gardener; city or country; references. C.
R. C. box 4611. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A. BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
1 lencla st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manage, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF vou have stocks or bonds of any kind for
pale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITIXG CO.. *,04 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 10 TO 30 DAYS FREE, flats and houses.
3 r. 600 Jessie, f $9,5 r. 22 De Boom, h..$15
5 r. 2504 Tehama, f.JlO 4 r. 36B Tehama, t..$ll
9 r. 1424 Howard, f..$16 5 r. 17 Natoma, f....$10
5 r. 439H Clemen. f.$20i3 r. 19 Sherwood, f.. $8
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
FINE flat. 7 rooms and bath; modern improve-
mentB. Golden Gate ave. ;
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window; bath; rent $12.
716 Natoma et., between Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT, 4 large rooms; rent $11. 8B Dearborn
Bt., off Seventeenth, near Valencia.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10 Montgomery.
SECOND, C23 — Two nice sunny reaf, flats, 3 and
4 rooms; rent $8 and $10; bath; yard.
$15 — NE'V 5-room sunny flat; frescoed; water
free: 374S Twenty-second, nr. Castro. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
5 ROOMS and basement, yard, gas, water; rent
reasonable to cood tenant. Key 136 Page Bt.
8 ROOMS, bath; sunny corner; modern; bay
window. Key at 417^ Third st.
flat:; to let — furnished.
JACKSON, 941, corner Mason— Sunny furnished
fiat of 4 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.'
FURMTURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127^1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent 1305 Larkin ;tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought, spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllverstein, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays
highest price for your second-har.d furniture.
W. E. CODT (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel Red 3353.
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO ...Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
6 flrst-class waitresses, country hotels, $20
and $25; 2 waitresses, city,- $20; 2. restaurant
walresses, $7; 6 chambermaids, to wait, city
and t^ountry, $20; pantry girl. German . pre-
ferred, $20; cleaner, institution work, $20;
night nurse, institution, $20 and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. ..........
Second girl. Grass -Valley, $20 and fare paid;
second girl, Ban Rafael, $20, no sweeping,
choice place; colored house girl, $20, .and col-
ored second girl, $15; Jjouse girl, Fresno, $20
ami fare paid; house girl, Modesto, and
other orders too' numerous to mention. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary et.
MAN and wife as farmer and' cook; $40; see
party here at 10 o'clock. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED cream dipper for large retail
store; good wages; call early; no offlce f ee. ;
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st :
10 YOUNG, strong girls or women for steam
laundry; $15 and board to begin; no experi-
i er.ee necessary. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary ist •
WANTED — Laundress, ' private family, $30-
lroner for country, $30; 2 waitresses for res-
taurant. $7 a week; 13 waitresses, city and
country, $20 and $25; girl, general housework
2 in family, country, $25; cook . for S-'men,
$30: 4 cooks, $30 to $35: cook for ranch " $20* 3
second girls, $20; cook, country restaurant,
$30, and CO girls for generar housework, city
and country, $25 . and . $30. ¦ Apply to J F '
CROSETT Agency. 316 Sutter st. -
WOMAN* to do'llght" housework, S > rooms, and
care for one. child; sleep home; $S. 10 Willow
ave.. off Larkin.* near Eddy. / ¦:¦
WANTED— A young girl to assist In house-
work; wages $15,340 Pa«e st, cor. Buchanan.
HELP WAKTED-FBMALE.
HOUSEKEEPER, St Helena, 2 in family. $20.
fare paid; housegirl, country, $35, good place,
fare paid; housegirl,* city, 2 in family, $25;
second girl, Oakland, $25; 2 second girls, city.
¦.*£> and $25; 2 cooks. $30 and $25; laundress,
$30. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter Bt . .
WANTED— A young woman for second work
and sewing; wages $20. 340 Page st, corner
Buchanan. ¦
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats; steady
work; big wages. 40 Ellis st, room 52.
WANTED— Young lady as waitress. 1923 Fll-
more st. "
WANTED— A girl for housework; sleep home.
1053 Market st _
NEAT girl to assist light housework. $20; also
young girl to attend children. 2204^4 Devisa-
dero st.
WANTED— German or Swedish woman for gen-
eral housework In mining town; wages $20.
Apply room 64. Flood building. 809 Market
et, between 3 and 4 p. m.
GIRL for cooking and general housework;
wages $20 or $25. 2556 Post et.
WANTED— Competent Infant's nurse; state
city references. Address box 1938, Call.
GOOD cook and general housework. 936 Post
st, from 8 to 10; wages $25.
WANTED— First-class talloresa to work on
pants. 1104 A Clay st. -.;
GIRL to help In light housework; $10 a month;
good home. 138 Rugs st
GIRL for general housework; no knowledge of
cooking required. 1337 Lacuna Bt.
W ANTED— Good colored girl for general houae-
wcrk. 2627A Mltslon St.
WANTED— A strong, healthy young lady who
understands bookkeeping, typewriting and of-
fice work and make herself useful In a retail
store. Address box 1937. Call office.
COATMAKERS and general tailor for country.
Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class dressmakers. 609 Halght
street.
FIRST-CLASS vestmaker wanted; good wages.
8& Antonio st., bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
WANTED— Good strong girl about IS; general
housework. 728 Lyon st.
YOUNG girl to do general housework; need not
cook. 1831 Eddy st
FRENCH or German girl for second work and
sewing; 3 in family. Call between 10 and 12
a. m. at 1192 O'Farrell st.
WANTED-Protestant girl for light housework;
Swedish preferred; wages $10. 723 Guerrero.
SALESLADIES and makers wajited at New
York Millinery, 1323 Stockton st.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; steam
power; constant work. G. W. REYNOLDS,
497 Mission Pt., corner Second.
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls. Apply
HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission et
RESPECTABLE girl for light housework; ref-
erencee; wages $10. 77Vg Fourth St.
GOOD chocolate dipper; steady. SCHAEFER,
22 Sixth Et.
800 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
"WOMEN and girls for canning- and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
Callfornian Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan at,
between Third and Fourth.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit:
• highest wages paid at CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant streeta.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory, ZVA Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove ets.
WANTED — A lady not under 25 by a whole-
sale house; must be trustworthy and accu-
rate. Box 4612, Call office.
WANTED — German girl for plain housework:
can sleep at home. 539 Hayes St.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAUM, WEIL A MICHELS, 631 Mission st
LADY solicitors wanted: a new thing: pays
well; no experience necessary. Write box
1949, Call office.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 641 Market Bt.
GIRLS wanted Apply bookbindery, 638 Clay
street.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 641 Market st. ~
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st, between 13th and 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
good pay. 27 Jessie st, fifth floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements ' and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 101 Geary st.
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Offlce fee $1 Free fare
13 laborers, concrete work, Coast road, $2 25 a
day ar.d up Fee $1 Free fare
50 fruit and almond pickers. Yolo and Contra
Costa Counties, $1 dav and found; 20 swamp-
ers. $30 and board; band saw filer, $100;
planerman, $50; screw turner, $40; farmers,
milkers, stablemen, choremen and others.
.- HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel, $35;
hotel baker, country, $30; hotel baker, coun-
try, $40. and fare advanced; cake baker,
$40; cake baker, country, $35 to $40; German
butcher, $35; third cook. $30; second cook,
country hotel. ?43; pantryman, $25; 20 dish-
washers and kitchen hands, city and country,
$25.
Extra lroner, country hotel, $2 a day, free
fare; washer. Institution, $30; ironere, $30 and
$40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary^st.
A— 8 COLORED waiters, $25; 2 colored bell
boys, $15, fares advanced, for hotel north.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Geary St.
A— WM. ROGERS, the baker, please call on or
communicate with C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. .
—————— __
50 railroad laborero for. Utah, Nevada and all
partB of California, far* free; 4 farmers for
I orchard, $26; plain gardener for gentleman's
place, near city, $25; gardener for ranch, S25;
milker. 10 cows and chorea, $25; I 2 farmers
for Pulo Alto, $20; hack driver, $25 and found;
' hostler, city, $25 and found; hostler, country,
$30 and found; cook for boat, $50; second cook
on Government boat. $35; miners, $3 and $2 60
day; young man for nursery, $25 and found;
carpenters for-rallroad, $3 day and free faro;
carpenters' helpers, $2 a day and free fare.
AV. D. EWER & CO.. CIO Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie. 152.
SOBER German to attend bar; understands
mixing drinks; a fair trade salesman. P. O.
box 2073.
WANTED— Competent retail -salesman to run
crockery store; give references as to ability
and character: Box 1934, Call offlce. - ; ¦ ¦
WANTED— Parcel boy in wholesale dry goods
house: state age; references. Address A. B.,
Box 4619. Call office.
BOY oaat 15 years wanted as apprentice . In an
architect's office; no wages for the first six
months. Address box 1622. Call offlce.
"WANTED— Operators and ' pressers on pants.
E. H. LEVY. Inc., C13, Market st.
JEWELERS— 32S Bush St., third floor," room 4.
BARBER for Saturday at 1430 Howard St.;
wages $3. . .
FIRST-CLASS : young man for a steady Job.
220& Montgomery ave.
GOOD coatmaker to work" by week. 1170 Mar-
ket et, room 12, , Donohoe building. •
BRIGHT boy; wages $4 per week. Apply 212
O'Farrell st.
PRESSErtS and cleaner? wanted. Golden West
Clothing Renovatory, 12 Montgomery st ;
.WANTED— Man to make himself generally usc-
ful about hotel. 7S1 Sutter st. : - .• -*¦-:
WANTED— Boy to distribute circulars. .Call
342 Kearny st.
WANTED— Driver for butcher wagon. Box 1940,
, Call offlce. ,, .•-... ;¦¦ -.<:.-.
GF.RMAN.cook, $3 week; night dishwasher, $6
week; experienced. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED— Cook ; restaurant. S4S# Third st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and • Sunday.
656 Fourth at. > ... "
WANTED— First-class dishwasher. 206 McAl-
lister st. Capital Restaurant
HELP WASTED — MALE. - _\ _
A— MURRAY & READI....PHONE MAIN 5848
.. Leading Employment and Labor Agents ..
Want 7 a. m. to-day
•"• WE SHIP FREE
Men for all parts of California. Utah, Wash-
ington, Arizona. Oregon, Colorado, Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands.
........ Free fare and offlce fee only $1
Special to-day to the following districts:
DUNSMUIR REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO MENDOTA
Los Angeles.. ..and. ...Santa Barbara districts
Reno (Nev.) ...and Truckee districts
Crows Landing and Newman districts
San Luis and Surf districts
Bakersfleld ..' and Madera districts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
and other points good wages
WE SHIP FREE come one, come all
It only costs $1 fee and no other expenses
MURRAY "a'r'e'a'd'y,' 634-636* Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL and other help
Carpenters city and country
6 carpenters, mining co $67 50 and found
10 carpenters, large company $3 day
carpenters, city and country places
10 blacksmiths and helpers
Steam pipefitter Wheelwright
TO-DAY WE PAY YOUR FARE
And ship to the sawmills and woods 236 la-
borers for 23 different sawmills, $26 to UO and
found, any body will suit; 95 woodsmen, mill-
men; also all kinds of planing mill help, $95,
$80. »«5, $70, $60. $40, $50, $30 and found
864 woodchoppers, tiemakers, eto., $3, $2 60, $2,
$1 and 75c cord, tools and food found
126 farm hands ...$35, $30, $26 and found
milkers and butter-makers.. $30, $23 found
cheesemakers $35 and found
24 stablemen, etc.. $25, $50, $60, $40, $30 found
16 hay-balers, $3 day; also harvest crews
In San Francisco; all parts of California.
364 laborers and teamsters, $2 60, $2. $1 75 day:
some board yourself home; boye for stores,
facortles, etc., city Jobs, cabinet-makers,
wood-workers, carriage-makers, bridge bulld-
ers.eto.; come Bee
25 woodmen, Santa Cruz County. .$32 60 and fd
- Sticker hand, $3 50 day Planer, $3 a day
Matcher, $3 a day Machine man. $3 a day
.....ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS
..NOT ADVERTISED COME SEE..
Farmer and wife, $40 to $45 and found, see
boea here. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
A— FRUITPICKERS.... /BOOKKEEPER. ETC.
125 frultplckere, men or boys, fare from $1,
wages $30 and $26 and found: bookkeeper,
stenographer and typewriter.
Young man drive delivery wagon and work
In grocery store.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— TO the Gold, Silver and other mines
150 single hand and machine miners and Bur-
lelgh drillers $90, $75 and $60 and found
350 laborers for the mines in all parts of
California, anybody will suit, $40 to $60 and fd
Tunnel men drillers hammersmen
teamsters and laborers, different city and
country places $1 75 to X3 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay St.
A— FOR THE MINES
Cook and wife for the mines: second cooks.
kitchen help, etc $40 and $30 and found
Walters *•» and found
36 cooks, city and country. $30 to $50 and found
Washer, country laundry .$12 week
Bakers and helpers, city and country
Butchers, $30 and $33; institution help, $15 and
$20; laundry men; waiters, city and country,
$25 and $30, MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
A— FREE SALT FREE
FARE LAKE FARE
FREE CITY FREE
FARE UTAH FARE
We shin to-day to Salt Lake City to-day
laborers, ete. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st. FREE FARE.
WANTED— 2 bandsawyers, ?4 a day and $100
a month; talleyman, $40 to $45; edgerman,
$2 75 a day; planerman. $50 and board and
$3 a day; screw turner, $30 and board; stlcker-
man. $3 a day; cooper. $35: all for country
lumber mills. See J. F. CROSETT Agency,
623 Sacramento st.
WANTED— FREE FARE FREE FARE
50 laboring men for railroad work, going
wages, ship to-day, come with blankets: fruit
pickers, short distance, $1 a day and board;
laboring men, a large number, for sawmills
and woods, fere advanced, going wages. See
J. F. CROSETT Agency, 623 Sacramento et.
WANTED — Farmer and wife for nice place,
Colusa County. $50, see party In city; milker
and wife, $50, for Nevada; 3 farmers and
wives. $10 and $45: cook and wife as helper,
$60; washer for laundry, $12 a week: lroner.
$35; 2 farmers, $25; American man to drive
milk wagon, $50. See J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 628 Sacramento at.
WANTED — Cook, restaurant. $20; second cook,
restaurant. $12 a week; cook for short orders,
$40; second cook, $30; cook and wife, $60, for
laborers' hotel; second lunch counter man,
,, $35; German or Scandinavian young man us
general utility man for the springs, $20;
baker for country bakery and coffee houfce,
$i5; waiter for railroad company, J35; waiter,
country hotel, ?30. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
629 Sacramento st.
GOOD barbers for city and country: good
waites. Apply H. BERNARD. 104 7th st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday, or
steady. 1703 Devisadero st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
164S Mission St.
BARBER— $5 50 Saturday. Sunday. MACK'S.
15C6 Kentucky; come to-day noon; car fare.
WANTED— Steady man, with small capital:
permanent place; will pay $65 per month
year round; light work. 1016 Market st, r. 10.
YOUNG man to assist In giving exhibitions In
hypnotism. Call 10 a. m., 617 Mason st.
BOY. 16 or IS years old; references required.
Golden Eagle Clothing Store, 104 Kearny st
YOUNG butcher, experienced In cutting meat.
Call 4127 Eighteenth st. bet 7 and 10 a. m.
SHORT order cook; must be sober and steady.
Call at McCOY & SON. 153 Ninth st.
WANTED— 100 men. machine hands, bench
hands, for planing mill work. Apply C. L.
INGLAR, President Mill man's Association,
at Fourth and Washington sts., Oakland, Cal.
2 STICKER hands and 2 matcher hands in San
Francisco manufacturing establishment;
steady employment to suitable men; wages
$3 to $3 50. Box 1623. Call office.
BOY wanted for tin and sheetiron shop, with
some experience In the trade. 61S California.
WANTED— A boy who has worked at the up-
holstering. 341 Hayes st.
WANTED— Experienced Ironers at U. S. Laun-
dry, Sixteenth st.. near Valencia.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade. 796A
Geary st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. C62 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
BARBER shop; complete fixtures for sale
cheap; store to be remodeled. 506 Bush st
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
EXPERIENCED plowman and vlneyardist on
ranch, near city. Palace of Art, 16 Post et.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years ; not - less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally . declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, writ*
. and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K St.,
Sacramento, Cal., or 1058 J St.. Fresno. Cal.
COMPETENT boy to drive delivery wagon for
- iron foundry; also to work In shop. Box
3295, Call offlce.
BARBER shop for sale tn country: dolnir a
good business. Apply DECKELMAN BROS.,
13C Ellis st
FIRST-CLASS clgarmakers. S2S Bush st. third
floor, room 4. • '
BOY or man to do Janitor work for tuition at
S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
VEST-MAKER who understands running fac-
tory. C41 Market st
COAT makers, coat pressers and vest opera-
tors. Ml Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, . 217 Third st ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per, week.
NEW goods; quick sales; .salary or commis-
sion: city or. country. The J. Dewing Co..
Flood building.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.- bet. 1st and 2d st3.
PENSIONS—GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. IS
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL' House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A. BRANCH. offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
- lpnfin at. ¦ . - - - . --
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for eale; also • wagons, buggies,
':*• carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Marker.
527 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
' SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
BUGGY mare, gentle, for lady, for sale; 930 lbs;
8 years old; $55; from 9 a. m. to 1 p.m. 114
Stockton st. '• - . - - .
PONY for. sale; saddle or, buggy. 1800 Howard
;. St., between 9 and 12. ! - .
BUGGY mare for sale; gentle and stylish. Call
between 9 am. and 1 p. m., 114 Stockton st.
70 -HEAD, draft, carriage and ' saddle horses.
: Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard st.
.HOUSES TO LET." "~~
A— FRINTED list; houses to let: s«nd for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.; 11 Montgomery.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
' LOST — Australian collie, 3 months old; gray
and black. Liberal reward at northeast cor-
ner Sacramento and Mason sts.
LOST— August 14. on leaving the 8 p. m. boat
for Berkeley, a black silk shopping bag. con-
taining gold spectacles, purse with small
amount of money and several small articles.
Finder will please report same to Mrs. G. S.
B.. 2630 Channlng way. Berkeley.
; LOST— Between Front and Market sts. and
ferry, diamond locket. Return to owner. 16
Front St.; suitable reward.
1 LOST— White bullterrler pup; black face; re-
1 ward. 11 Stockton st.. jupstalrs.
1 $230 REWARD for Jewelry lost August 7 on
steamer Corona, Return to DR. KEENET.
I 794 Sutter St.
' LOST— Collection book. Return to 406 Pacific
et: reward; San Francisco French bakery.
I MEDICAL.
' DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market st— Rell-
. able ladles' and gents' specialists; 33 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully: a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladles treated can return home the same
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
I ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections: prefectly harmless; home for conflne-
ment Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
flce, $5; positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention;* consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy st, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023% Market at
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles* specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure $3; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in S. F.; maternity
home.; low fees. 1007H Market St.. near Slxtn.
! MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
; practice; home In confinement; treatment at
offlce, $3; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyda and Larkrn.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured: herbs and teas: sani-
tarium 704 Sacramento, cor. Kearny ;advice free.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician; call on physi-
cian with man's knowledge: treatment can
be used at home. 31S Kearny st. I
I MRS. M. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles' special-
ist; home in confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
I DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER-Prlvats homo
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
. DR. WISE— The only genuine ladies' specialist,
Offlce HIS Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
rnwn of the human body. 115 Mason st.
mTsCELLAN'EOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, eneines, !d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
' linoleum, store and offlce furniture and fix-
tures; new and second-hand; we always have
a larse stock of saloon outfits on hand; 33
complete outfits on our floor, ready made; we
can ship everything In 21 hours. J. NOONAN.
1C17, 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission et, above Sixth;
write for catalogue.
GENUINE diamond collar button, $11; coat orig-
inally $27 50. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FOR sale, at a bargain— 26-ton schooner yacht,
with fixtures and fittings, complete; in first-
class condition, very stanch and roomy; suit-
able for lone cruises. For particulars ad-
dress box 3291, Call offlce.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
20-FOOT gasoline launch for sale, cheap; 94
horsepower engine; full cabin: In perfect con-
dition. Address box 3292. Call offlce.
A — 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill air com-
pressor. JARDINES, 220 Fremont st.
A-f3 60 DERBT and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. J30 Kearny St.. near Pine.
16 CANDLE-POWER dynamo: first class: see
at 1003 Mission st. EPSTEIN. S3S Mission st
2D-HAND photographlo and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California ft.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROOH Mfg. Co.
ID-HAND gasoline and steam engines, lathes,
etc.; general machine work. 137 Beale st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors,
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. £16 Mission.
A FIXE suit. S10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: late
model: cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph; reduced price.
$75; concert records, $150. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; id-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
2D-HAND fire-proof safe; l flre and burglar
proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacrameitto St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS AVAXTS.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and bookg. 109 Sixth st: tft. Jessie 141.
HIGHEST price paid carpets, odd pieces of fur-
niture. BLAND'S, 73 Ninth; tel. Howard 11S2.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stockton st.
IF you wish full value for your ca«t-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third; tel. Black 4121
SIONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort^
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mort^axes. life Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, .846 Market
st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third St.
ON furntlure and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st
ON real estate, 1st and 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, eilver. diamonds.
LOANS
SALARIES and FURNITURE
O. H. HARSHBARGER. 322 Ellis, room 34.
AT 126 Kearny st, room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit in city; also
$i:.n.OCO on large ranches; also on second mort-
sages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine Bt.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: -no removal; low rates; confidential
BONELLI, 201 Jones st, corner Kddy.
MONEY loaned; personal security; m per cenf
private party. Room 20. 7th floor. Mills bldg."
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confl-
dentlal; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st. solves all kinds of
financial problems: 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security: all bust-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy at.
ANY sum. 1st or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, chattels, eto. R. 603. Examiner building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndoraer. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building!
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlsslon; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
T 2 "S 1^ 1 ?* 1 men w "hout collateral or indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
-~—^lH5IH A i'_i? iSTUUMEXTS.
A t t '/?/?'B h i ser3 of P'anoTat^HERMAN." CLAY
f c™!v,, a -\V he Privilege of exchanging for
and full purchase price allowed: the best
makers of every grade to select from; beautt-
£iL? ow . uprlKhts * 6 cash. $8 per month; some
RH^o^fv 08 £ or ? 3> U ana ** P* r month.
fWERNAN, CLAY & CO.. STEIN WAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts,.
San Francisco, corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth at. Oakland.
AS usual we offer some fine bargains:
One Steck Upright, walnut case; like naw.
One \\eber Upright; walnut case; new.
One Fischer Upright: in fine order. :
One Sterling Lpright: mahogany case.
X" e Neumann Upright; very good.
One Curtaz Upright; oak case; excellent
Prices from $135 up; $3 per month.
BEyj. CURTAZ & SON.. 16 O'Farrell st.
FINK Baby Grand Decker & Son at a very low
price, for a few days only: good aa new.
M/.UVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st . -
BEAUTIFUL '. Arlington ' or Marcellus mahog-
•any upright: can be had to-day; don't buy un-
.- til you see them. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st
BE In the swim; rent a, new piano for' $3 per
J month, SCOTT-CURT AZ CO., 680 Hayes M.
THE Olympla Interchangeable disk music box
Is the greatest Invention of the age. inej
play 13 tunes in succession; prices are very
reasonable. MAUVAIS. ,t0 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lantest
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE to.
26. 28 and. SO O'Farrell st: pianos, organs ami
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: «^ er J;"
thin* possible done to please and satisfy tn«
customer.
REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Ne*s to 933 Market, bet Sth and 6th. next
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction sale ror
2 weeks; open ev'nga; call and get low price*.
AN elegant three-pedal upright piano, hand-
some embossed walnut case; owner must sell
at once. Room 10. Flood building.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best in the world;
making and repairing of all kind of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 41? Geary st
A FEW more pianos put on sale for storage:
at your own price; also Spencer's retired
stock. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
JIM BUYS elegant Marshall & Wendell upright;
3 pedals. 7 1-2 octaves; or rent fS 50. US
Kearny st.
SPECIAL sale— Uprights $T3 up; installments
<3 up; rents t2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellla st
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post st:
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 308 Post St.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: installment J3
per month. SCHMITZ. IS McAllister st
W.C. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davla piano*.
SUPERIOR violins, xithers, old and new. II.
MULLER. maker, repairer. » Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos: 15 payments;
for rent. $2 up. BreTTrXN. 2"* Prwt st.
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
FREE— Three months' piano instruction by ex-
pert German teacher. Box 1938. Call offlce.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARKIN. near Fulton, opposite City Hall
Large store and 3 rooms, together with coun-
ters, shelving, etc.; rent reasonable. MADI-
SOX & BURKE.
OFFICE to rent: 3 fine, light front rocm* on
Market St.. opposite Palace Hotel: rent JSO
per month. Address DR. PIERCE & SON
O Market st.
FOR rent— Double store. 1058 Howard, $28. water
free; best block. Store or Easton A Eldrtdge.
TO let— Two floors, 30xSO; elevator. 51 Steven-
eon st.
FOR rent— Elegant offices and rooms in Y. M.
C. A. bills. : all modern Imps. : rent very low.
TO rent— Modern store: well lighted; 23x140;
rent re»«nnable. SM Hares st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Xeergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 9. 418 Geary, nr. Jones.
MRS. JENNIE "WARREN- palmist; circles
Friday. Monday: 10c. 507* Post st.
PERSONALS.
WASTED-To know whereabouts of HENRY
ASHTON. Address MR3. RAE. 213 Noe st.
MME. B. R. GROVE. 34 Kearny. room 1*-
Healer; treats chronic diseases successfully.
WHT SUFFER?
Persons afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how long standing), or any other chronlo
disease, should call at once at the SAN3
SOUCI. 1409 Van Ness ave.— the up-to-date in-
stitution for treatment. We have 23 years*
experiences Charges reasonable.
MRS. ADA CLARK'S Academy of Danclnj—
Children's classes, Wednesdays, $3:30 to 5:30;
Saturdays. 2 to 4:30; Tuesday evening school
changed to Friday at Devisadero Hall.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
LEDERER' 8 Quintonica hair tonic will mako
your hair perfectly beautiful: 3Sc bot.; try It.
THERE is but one hairdresser; Lederer dresses
your hair In the very latest modes for only
he. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
MME. ADA, 34 Kearny. 47 Post, of nee 10-11: 1£
sick, suffering from any cause, see this won-
derfully gifted healer; she will cure you.
LEDERER Foamo Shampoo Is perfect; can usa
at home; 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st
SUITS to order on installments; $15 upward;
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market it.
between Seventh and Eighth. -
HAIR quickly curled or waved by uslnj? Tal-
eott's curllne fluid: 2Zo bottl*: drassrlsts.
LADIES' and gents' east-off clothing bougnt A
ecld. SUverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-
covered and renovated: honest work guaran-
teed: prices defy competition: fln* upholstery:
phone 5309; factory, 31S and 320 Eleventh st ;
first-class cleaning and dyeing. 409 Sutter st..
San Francisco.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to Jl £0 per night; $1 BO to $5 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
INSTITUTE of Science; suggestive therapeu-
tics; magnetic healing ; personal magnetism;
hpynotlsm. Prof. Fisher, instructor, 5i7 Masn.
PILES — 30O permanent cures In San Francisco
who can be seen; no operation: no pain; par-
tlnlcara tent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware: curios, all descriptions. 523 Dupont st.
SUTTS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
lng Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1; at all druggists.
CA ST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
Bend postal. COLEMAN'S 806 Kearny st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1-
postage paid.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SUItCECs.
DR. J. HERBERT REEVE, 26H Kearny it.,
cures by electricity Nervous Prostration. In-
somnia. Asthma. Rheumatism. Paralysis Ca-
tarrh, Consumption. Kidney, and all inflam-
matory cases; diseases diagnosed.
CHRONIC diseases of men. women; cures guar*
anteed. DR. QORDIN. 5U Pine, nr. Kearny.
D^V.F- C ' °TX>NNELL— Of flc* and residence.
lOim Market st.. bet Sixth and Seventh. .
PROPERTY WA.TTED.
WANTED— Income or unimproved city (3. F.J
property; must be cheap. SPECK & CO.. 661
Market st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE,
CHOICE building lot. west side Tenth av#..
123 feet south of Clement; 25x120: about tha
best part of Richmond: elevated ground:
street work done; a few steps from the elec-
tric cars; a pretty residence on each slda
makes the lot desirable; $300; easy pay-
ments and first Installment $40. W. J. GUNN.
630 California st.
EXECUTORS' Sale— Estate of the late FER-
GUS O'LEART. on Market st. No. 13S0, new
number 1438. lot (25) twenty-flv» feet Crone
by one hundred (100) feet deep: also two lota
Clrectly in r«ar, twenty-five C3) by one hun-
dred (1C0), on City Hall ave. Apply to WIL-
LIAM F. O'LEARY. JOHN McDONOUGH.
EDWARD J. LEART. executors. Ruaa
House.
$77jO— THREE new modejn flats, with marbla
steps, frescoed ceilings, etc.. In th» best rent-
ing section of the city; 1 block from Halght-
st. cars, on Waller st. near Pierce; rents $*«<1
per year: easy terma.
$?5rt— BARGAIN; new 3-room cottage oa car
line: good-sized lot BOVEE. TOT A CO..
624 Market st *
HAVE you real estate north of the Park or at
the Mission that you want to sell? Then call
on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st,
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans an<X
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
NEW cottage, 8 rooms, bath: lot KrxlOO; Mls-
slon: easy terms or vacant lot. 413 Kearny st.
RGAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Salo
$10,000— A FINE bearing vineyard of 33 acres -
the crop ready In six weeks; estimated at
$2500; district free of frost and free of dis-
ease: IVi miles from Cloverdale; winery ca-
pacity of 70.000 gallons; this place, wants in-
spection to be fully appreciated; will not b«i
for sale after the 1st of September. Addresa
•' . T. J. D.. 344 Cloverdale.
DILLON'S BEACH for sale; finest summer n^
sort property on Pacific Coast: including cot-
tages and hotel. SOO-acre ranch, horses cattle
farming utensils; well watered. GEO DILI
LON. Tomales. Marln County. Cal.
STOCK and grain ranch for sale in Colusa Co •
1240 acres; 110 an acre; S0O grain rest in h.11
land. M. S. CHAN-DON. Marysviite. CalT
PRINTED list: farms and city property ex-
cbanged and sold. M. GRIFFIN. 719 MarkeL.
MjnrnjDAX REAL ESTATE.
«2.C^R^sTvaUe^T^cde^rihou^/ 12 rciom^*
"n b^c^nsueredy/elchange. Box gcafl?
MILL VALLEY HEAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or exchange— A cottage- of 7 rooma inREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hattle B. Steele to Earl K. Cooley, lot on W
line of Shotwell street, 6J:2»4 S of r Twenty
second. S W-.l*. W 123:6, N 14:4. E 28. N 4l"a'V
E 96:6; $10. '*'
Victoire J. or Victolre O, VIgno and Marie J
Lepao.or Marie G. Lepin to Martin J. or Mar
tin G. and Augustine J. Vlgne. lot on W line
of Alabama street, 140 S of Twenty-fifth «? «?
by W 100; 110.: • ¦ '
Mary E.. Josephine C. Robert E. and Jess«
.8. Eckler to Mary C. Eckler (widow), lot on
W line of Dolores street, 75 N of Twenty-third
W 117:6 by N 25; al«o lot on S line of Twenty
fourth street, 2S:5 W of Sanchex, S 80 W °5
N»,:B 25:5; also lot.— » »n« of Jcasio street!
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
I NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
W C Maby. Cleveland IE P Corti. Bakersfleld
P C Rawllns. Ohio D Boneatel, Boston
N A Bowden. Vancouv;Miss D Coles. Oregon
A Sylv«fiter, Santa RosjF J Walker, Lathrop
P P French & w, HonoiA S Rocers Merced
r Gay, San Jose [D J P^ecazone, Arizona
T Ivaneovich. Angels |J Roche. Los Ang
J Mulroy. Ingleslde >G J KavanaRh, Chgo
A J Mlchels, Chicago jj Sucies &. w, Los-"Ang
N Stanton, Chicago |S C Carter, Topeka
PALACE HOTEL,
M Hauline, Md jM Herzos:, New York
G Mlghmaca. Napa |E C Buell & w, L Ang
B J r>yas. St Louts IT Flint Jr. San Juan
G W Wellington, Belvd'E F Ross, N J
J Smith. Smithville IJ B Gilderslieve & w
G M Hoover, N Y I Stanford
Mrs A H Mowat. FresiMra J T Swetman, Cal
Miss Swetnam, Fresno Mrs H H Mowet Fres
F M Leadbetter. Or B U Steinman '& w,
Mr & Mrs W B See- Sacramento
gal, Cincinnati Mrs L Hellbron, Sacto
O Wellborn. Ohio !J J Washburn. D C
O Wellborn Jr. L AngjM Washburn, D C
O A Field, St Louis |R J Trimble. N Y
Mrs Field. St Louis !Q W Peltrer. Sacto
Miss Field. Pt Louis IF W Klesal, Sacto
O A Field Jr. St Louis W P Fishburn. L Ang
Mrs I Brown. La Dr J A McNeil N Y
Mrs L F Coleman, La E Schmickflr>er M*x
Mr & Mrs D A Mac- IT Eichenfeldt, Mexico
beth, Md |l E Levy. New York
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs T V Cordln, L Ang S P Poland, San Jose
C F Emerson, La A C Bronck, Los Ang
R D Gill & w, Modesto J Brcuners Los Ang
P G Lane, Nevada Mrs J A Cutler, Honlu
C A Rockwell, RochtriDr E Campbell Ls An
W Campbell. Ls Ang S H Smith, Cal
II J Rifenberick &. w, D Lazier Salinas
Los Angeles . S II West. -Illinois
I Bird, Merced W H LInarey, Cal
d Raybum, San Jose A B LUUior, Chicago
C J McFall. Nev City J H Puttie, Cal
F O Kyan, Sacto ID Campbell. Los Ang
R Watts, Sacto , |G E Kennedy. Llvermr
Dr B Ward, U S N • ;O F At wood, Stockton
W J Strann, 111 IE Hobart. San Jose
S Briggs. Tacoma (M HofT, Santa Anna
O Churchill. Cal G, F Kulms, Denver
F A Dixon & w, Cal TJ Uutler & w, Ariz
H F Stall, Alameda !M M Oldhouse, Omaha
W Ma Hoy &. w, AlamediMrs S Lohman, Omaha
M Thompson, Seattle IH Thomas. Granite HI
F C Nichols. Mexico IE R Roberts. Cal
G Jessy & w, Watsnvljc Wordon & w, N Y
C W Easton. Modesto |L D Syle & w. Cal
A Miller. Los Ang F C Wright &. w. Sacto
Mrs M Thomas, Ls An H Van Dyke. Cal
F -Hawks, Los Ang I_> B Driver, Cal . .
O D Vannorde., Stanfd F Burnet, Glenwood
Q W Koppe, Sonora j C Gibson, Glenwood
A E Vesper. Cal EL. Young, Yreka
O M Dunbar, Cleveld H C Hulllnger, Chlcag
F Buckrens, < Bakersfld G W Beecher, Arizona
W P Thomas, Ukiah 8 Sllverfleld & w. Or •
R R Rider, Sacto W C Daniel, Va
D S Jaines & w, L An J V Berry, Cal
FOREIGN PORTS,
NANAIMO— Sailed Aog 16— Nor stmr Titanla,
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Sailed Aug IS— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru, for San Francisco. v
KOBE- Palled Aug 15— Schr Fred J Wood,
for Port Townsend.
COLON— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Alliance,
from New York.
Sailed Aug 14— Stmr Hudson, for New York.
PANAMA— Arrived Aug 1— Etmr Acapulco.
hence July 9.
Sailed Aug 1— Stmr Costa Rica, for Acapulco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 13— Br stmr Em
press Of India, from Vancouver.
FLUSHING— Passed Aug 12— Br ship Arran
more. from Antwerp, for Pan Francisco. Aug
13— Br ahlp Crown of England, from Antwerp,
for San Francltco; Fr bark Cassard, from Ant
werp, for Oregon.
PUNGENESS— Passed Aug 15 — Ger ship Als
terkamp, from Antwerp, for Ran Diego.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
QUEENSTOWX— Sailed Aug 16— Stmr Majes
tic, from Liverpool, for New York: stmr Rhyn
land from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 16— Rtmr Auguste
Victoria, for Hamburg, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg; stmr Barbarrossa. for Bremen, via
Chf-rbour~.
Arrived Aug 16— Stmr Pennsylvania, from
Hamburr. etc.
ROTTERDAM-Salled Aug 16— Stmr Rotter
dam, for N»w York.
MOVILLE— Arrived Aug 16— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from New York, for Glasgow, and
proceeded.
CHERBOURG— Failed Aug 16— Stmr Frieder-
Irh dpr Grosse. frcm nrrmen. for New York.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Eight.
Better Investments Than Nome.
A great many of our citizens made in
vestments in Cape Nome which turned
out to be failures, but one of cur residents
invested only $1.00 In the Lottery of the
Beneficencla Publica Company of the City
of Mexico in the June 28th drawing, pur
chasing quarter ticket No. 74,514, which
drew the flrst capital prize of $50,000, his
share being $15,0w), which was promptly
paid to him.
Another fortunate investor of San Fran
cisco was K. J. McKeon, a gripman on
the JacUson-street cable, residing at
2SIR4 California street. who pur
chased quarter ticket No. 72,010 in the
May 24th drawing, which also won the
capital prize of S60.000, his chare being
116,000, which was also promptly paid.
This is the reason of the great popularity
of the Lottery of the Benencencla Publica
Coirpany, as many have won capital
prizes on this coast. Another reason is
that the public is aware that this is the
only lottery which has been guaranteed
and protected by the Mexican National
Government, which appoints Federal au
thorities to govern all drawings and pay
ment of prizes, therefore the fairness of
its drawings and the prompt payment of
prizes have always been vouched for by
the Department of State and everybody
assured of the honest dealings of the old
reliable Lottery of the Beneflcencia
Publica Company of the City of Mexico,
of which Mr. U. Bassettl is president and
manager.
160 S of Eighteenth, S 23 by E 80, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Thomas W., Katherlne A., Christopher C. and
Lily A. Rivers to Maria F. Hunt, lot On SE
corner of Twenty-fifth and Sanchez streets, S
22 by E Sl:9; $10.
Mrs. Welthy Stafford to Francesco Soracco,
lot on NE corner of Bell Air place and Pfelffer
street, also 260 W of Dupont, E 25 by X'62:6;
110.
P. J. Henquinet' to Maria L. Henqulnet, lot
on N line of Virginia place, 57:6 W of Dupont
street, W 20 by N 67:6; $10.
Maria C. and Charles J. Tracey, Margaret
and Daniel J. Brady. Ida F. Drucker (Brown)
and George I. Drucker to Elizabeth A. Me-
Cabe. lot on NW line of Silver street. 235 NE
of Fourth NE 20 by NW SO (quitclaim deed);
$10.
Margaret McKeever to James D. Courtney,
lot on SE line of Welsh street, 210 NE of
Fourth. NE 20 by SE 80; $10.
JoEeph E. Bier and Merville M. Regensbur
per to same, same (quitclaim deed); $1.
Estate of Charles McKeever (by Thomas Pat
ten, executor) to same, same; $1400.
Julia • P. Crowley and as trustee to Hugo
Scheunert. lot on NW line of Jessie street, 300
SW of Seventh, SW 25 by NW 75; $3150. ¦
Robert Macintosh to Francis J. McVey, lot
on E line of Arkansas street, 353 S of N'apa,
S 23 by E SO: $1250.
Francis J. McVey to Ulrica C E. McVey,
sair.p ; gift.
City and County of- San Francisco to Pacific
Rolling Mill Company, lot on W line of Louisi
ana street 59:2 N of Twenty-first (Shasta). a
closed street, W 148. N to SW to a point, thence
following S boundary line of lot E 40, N' 30,
E 100; .
Glacomo and Laura Moscon© to Frank R.
Grannls, lot on NE corner of Fourth avenue
and California street, N 117, E 32:6. S 115. W
32:6V-; $10.
Mary Reynolds to Jennie S. Moore lot on NE
corner of Twenty-sixth avenue and A street,
E 75 by N 125; $10.
¦ Louisa J. and Richard Miller to Lizzie A.
Merralls. lot 21, block 41. Sunnyside (warranty
deed); $10.
Mary Heck to William F. and Mary Neu
man, lot on NW line of Arlington street. 78
SW of Miguel, SW 25 by NW 100. lot 31. Henar
les' subdivision of block 9. Falrmount; $10.
AJameda County.
Louis D. Reeb (single) to H. B. FrlUchen.
lot on W line of Peralta street, 53 X of Six
teenth. X 25 by "W 110, being lot 3, block 74013,
Oakland; $10.
George E. Starr (executor estate Eliza J.
Starr) to Drury B. Parker, lot on SE line of
Fifth trerue, 175 NE of East Ninth street, NK
125 by SE 140, block 9, Clinton: also lot on SE
line of Fifth avenue, 137:6 NE of East Ninth
street, NE 37:6 by SE HO, block 9, Clinton, East
Oakland; 55325. ¦ .
Orlando McCool to Hansford B. Griffith, lots
!>0. 91 and 92, Map of Drexler Tract, Oakland;
$10
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson and Scenic
Park Realty Company to town of Berkeley, lot
on SW corner of Virginia street and Le Roy
avenue S 125 by "W 150, being lots 14, 16 and IS,
block — Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley; $3050.
Carrie S. (by attorney) and Henry E. Alden
(and as attorney) to Orlando McCool, lot on SW
corner of Russell and Wheeler streets. W 110
by 8 35.65, being lot 14, block D, Adeline Tract,
subject to a mortgage, Berkeley: $10.
Vincent and Mary Hourat, Bazila P. and
Adele A. Medus to Central Pacific Railway
Company, lot on W line of Cleveland avenue,
60 S of Twelfth street, S 50 by W 120, be ins
lot 21. block L. Huntlngton Tract, Brooklyn
Township, quitclaim deed; $1.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Julius Deker
mar«-k (single), lot 8. block 1. Map of Borthler's
Addition to Jones Tract, being a subdivision
of lots 2 and 18 of Peralta Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. '
Builders' Contracts.
Carrie M. Cook (owner) with Edward T. Let
ter (contractor), architect Edgar A. Mathews —
All work for a three-story and basement frame
building (flats) on XE corner of Central ave
nue lLott) and Paga street, N 100 by E 30;
jn,5so.
X1±J2 SAX iTHAJSUlSCQ CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1900.
11
li
° Chicago '
• AND RETURN
On the NEW TRAINS of the
Sant? h RM?
'. % - to be sold i
August 21st and 22d |
i go:d for return |
Until October 22d. I
Will tell you j
all about it at •
628 Market Street,
or at
Ttxzj Tiolet Offico, Toot of Market St.
SANTA FE ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET-STREET FERRT.
Leave: Overland: Dally for Chlca- Arm*; 1
go. Kansas City. Denver
and all Eastern points.
El Paso. City of Mex-
ico, Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Aria.. BaXenfleld,
t a. ra. Vl«al!a, Tulare, Han- I p. rn.
ford,- Fresno. M«rc«d.
Stockton. Ant loch. Stand-
ard and Touriat Sleep-
• era to Chicago. Dintnir
car between Stockton
and Bakersfleld.
Stockton Local: For San
4:10 p.m. Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. B»y 11.-0S «-m.
Point. Cornwall. AnU-
och and Stockton.
Bakersfleld Local: For Ban
Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay
Point. Cornwall, Anti-
$ p. ra. och. Stockton, Merced. I a. in.
Fresno. Hanford. Visa-
l!a. Tulare and Bakers-
flald. Sleepers to Freaoo
and Bakersfleld.
TICKET OFFICES: «23 Market st.
F«rr Depot, foot of Market at.. San Franclaoo.
1118 Broadway. Oakland.
MOCTIIKR.f 1'4 1'irM! «:«».">¦ rAX Y.
(PACirio BintM.)
Trains l*i»»* wait nr* .'n« tm arrlv* m»
MAN rilA*lVI«t'w.
(Main Line. Foot of Markat Street)
tZkTB — Frcm Acocst 13. 1900. — AUXV1
•7j«*» B-nirf*. Suinan. Elmira. V»e»Till».
RnQ»t{ *ocl .-5»cr»iDBntii Ti-CSp
•7:O«* Shuts Express— Darts. WillUms (for
Bartlett BpdsnX Wllloira, Red
Blntf, Portlaud. *7>43p
•TiSOa 11»ftluet. >»u U*mon.V»lIejo. J*»p».
CklUtoga »od Suu Ilbaa "tilSf
•8:00a DkTla, Woodland. Knigijta L»ading.
ilarjiTille, OrofWe *7i43p
|*li«Oi Atlantic Kxpress— Ofdan and Eut t 12:«"*f
•S:t«4 Kllss. Tr»cj. Lithrop. Stockton *V:I3a
•iai)i Han Juao. Lif sriuute. NteckUm.
Iran. .lioinieuui. Pl»e-r»ill«,
M»rjs»ii:-. Cfiico. KsJ MluiT MilSp
•«i30* Oakdale. Chinese (for Ycwmita),
Sonors, Cuten MilSp
•9:00a Haj wanla. Nilca aoA Way Htatloo*. • 1 1 :«-!¦»
•«:O«a Lc» Angeles Express — Marttuac,
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton, Mereed
Treiuo »ml Los Angeles *7:I5r
•«<»•* Valleju. .Martinez suit \V%f SUUont '"il"f
•!•:••* The O»erlinil Limited— Osdea. Dsa-
Ter, Otnah*. Cbicaji 'SilUr
•IIiOQa Kilvs. Blookton, Hacram?nto, M-n-
dota. Fmno, UanforJ, Vlta.Ua.
PorlerTtlls NtlSp
•IIiOOa LlTermoT*. H*njt«r. Goshen Jan»
tlon. Bakantleid, Los Angelas.. ...
• I*iS)«m H*rwwrd.. Silts and Way atatloB*. ¦9i4"ip
tlioop Saeisnento Ititer Steamsrs f3i0i»*
•SiOOp Hsrwards. Klles and W»j SutloDt. •ail.lp
MiOIr Uartluas, Hau lUnon, Vallsjo,
Napa. Call«tn«a. Hants (toss "l»il»»
•liuar B-uicl». Winters, H«eraiu«nte,
Woo.ll and, KntubU l.audi-g.
MarisvUls, Oroiills •I»:I3*
Mi30f Nile*. Han Jose and Stoektoa *7il3p
•3:0«pTha Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
BskersflslJ. 8aagus for S»uts Bar-
tors, Los Angeles. 'lOil-i*
•3:«0p Stockton •»•«*
*SiO«r New Orleaot Express -I'sksnilsM.
8auto Barbara. Las Angeles. Dem>
iiiit. El Fuo. New Orleaus auJ
Eui T.^.ia
•B:OOf n*f w»rd*. Ifllei sad .la a Jose *7i4"tt
?BtOoT Vsllejo *I9iI3p
•O.Oiir Oriental Mail— Ogdoa. Cbeyean*.
Omaha. Chicago •13(«.V»
•«rOOr Orients! Mail— Ogtlen. Dearer.
Omshs. Chicacn...... Miisip
•7:00* NUei. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton.... *iail3r
tliOUt Vallejo. Purl CosU and "Vaf Sta-
tions. „ :»:3*» r
•¦••Sr Oregon and OkCUomis Kipress.Mae-
laineuto. Marjstllle, ICe>l<Uug,
Portltii.l. Tmut Mou.u1 sik' r.k»i •¦tlt»
COAST DlTVtlOa (Marrow «.«n«e).
(Foot ct Market Strael.)
J7s-43a Bsnta Cms Exeonioa for S»nts
Cruz and Prlndpsl Way SUtions {9iO3p
•»i 1 3 a Nswark.CetiterTlile.8au Jose. Kelton.
BoaldetCresk.Ssnts Orux and Way "
BtsUoilS »«i2«»p
tailSr Newark. CenteiTlIle. 8ao Jose, New
Almadeo, Felton, llouJJer Crfek,
8*!it» Cms aad Prladfal Way
Sutio-is •ls>:.io«
• t:l.tp Newark, San Jose. Los Gatos t*'-" 1 " *
O4:l3p Glenwood. Feltoo. 8aats Cnu «»i3»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSlI rslRCI3C9— rut sf Karkit Slre.l (Slis I)—
•7:15 >:0O 11:00*. ». }1:83 *2:33 |3;09
•1:03 tS:03 ••:33 m.
rnaOtlUXS— rut tririifw*;.— '1:09 1:00 10:00*. H.
t»:C3 '1:33 tl:C3 »3:33 tt:S3 •8-C3r.ii.
COAST niTISIO-t (Br»a4Ua as e).
(Thlnl and Townse-id 9t».)
Oceau View. Booth Ban Francises.. t«i34ir
t?:O*A Bau Jose ami Way Stotinu (Nsw
Almaden Wednesdays only) *IiSOp
t~J*"O» Sunday Eicnrsloo far 8sa Josol
Ssat* Crox, Psdflo Grots sad
Principal Way Buttons...- :i:Mr
••¦••a Han Jose, Tres Finos. Hant* Crux,
Tacine Grove. Paso "Cobles. 8au
l.nls Obhtpo, Unit. Lompoc and
Principal Way HUUons Mil**
•ItilOt Ban Jose and Way stations •«.»%»
¦IH3O4 aanJoaa.LosGstosandWayHutions *3>**Oy
t'4< l*»r San Matoo. iUdwooJ. Msnlo Park.
Talo Alto. .Santa Clara. San Jose,
Tres Plnos. Ssuts Cruz, Sallaa*.
Monterey an.l Paelfla Grove t'*'* fl »
fSiSUr flan Joss sud Way Stations •?>Ss>p
t«:I5r San Jotaau.l Principal TV ay Stalionn *»s43*
f3:«0r 3*n Jose, Los Gatos sad Principal
Way Station! *•>•¦*
•3i3ftp Saa Jose and Principal Way Stations fS>S3*
•«:.lOr3aa Jose and Way Stations f *:••»*
>ll:4Sp 3sn Jose and Way Stations *7i»0p
A tor Morning. P fej A (temoon.
* DsJly. t Unnday szeepted. t Sunday only.
6Satnrdsy only.
I a Saturday and Sund»» s Monday only,
SI pei» Year.
Enlarged to 16 . Pages
THE WEEKLY CALL
¦f "^ Dr. Gibbon^ Dispensary,
jbtSF A G2< "* ft K "* fiA " a " * T - Kstaallsh-d
B^C^Kri*" I*3*lorthetr?ntmentol Private
Ett i,f>nfy.f Diseases. Lost Manbmxl Debility or
KF3n^<DW>) rtiseaae wearing on bodyand mind and
%3r5*9<iTzii *'* ln O\v^sr^. The doctorcnres-vhe-i
others falL Try him. Charj?«» iow
;"S"5a*\&iisi *'nre»ennr»ntre*-". C«Jlorwrlt«*
Or. ¦*. if. *. I BBO>. Box 1!>»7. Saa KtaacUBa
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC KAIL WAY
Leave San- Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
.WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m.. 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS S. ». 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. Jl 40
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 XOW OPEN
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN RY. CO.
I_iH3SSHIH3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK JJAYS— 7:10, 9:00, 11:00 a, m.; 12:S5.
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 D.'m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and U:20 n. m. » 13-
SUNDAYS— 8:00. ?:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. J:30.
6:00, 6:20 D. m.
SAN. RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:S0. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; lt:4S.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:S5 and 6:35 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40.
5:0.*,, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave 1 In Effect. I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 15, 1900.] San Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 | Sun- I Week
Days. I days, f Destination.! days. | Days.
7:20 am 8:00 sm Novato. 10:40 ami 8;40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm'lO:25 am
f-:l) pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:80 pm S:CO am Cloverdale. 7:SS pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am I Hopland I 110:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 ami and Uklah. 1 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
7:39 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Ouerneville. 7:35 pm •
3:30 rm ' ' 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am S:40am
and I
6:10 pm 5:C0 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6.20 pm
7:80 ami 8:00 ami ~~\ 110:40 amllO:25 am
8:80 pm! 6:00 pm| Sebastcpol. I 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton'
for Aitruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyeerville fcr Skascs Springs:, at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at FloDland for Duncan
Spring, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bod Springs* Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, BueknelVs,
Banhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's not
Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Brags. West-
port. Tsal.- Willlts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. : Harris. Olsen'n. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. ".•;¦ ' ¦ . : .
Saturday to Monday round trio. tickets at.
reduced rates. .
On , Sund.iy ' round trip tickets to i all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ..
Ticket offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN,
General Manager. Geh. Pass. Agent.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MODERN C-room cott«.ce for rent on Benton '
«t. Inquire rtf MAP.CirSE & REUMEL Bay
Ftation. or B. H. WELCH & CO.. 1ZS3 Fifth
ave., Oakland.
HERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
m:n Kr.z.nv real estate. .
4-r.OOM cottar.*, porcelain bath, hot and cold
K-ater; Z blocks from etation: lot MxlfO; price
»;"„.<•; terms $200 down, -balance monthly pay-
ir^nts.
Ji'VK)— s-room cottage. 4 blocks from station-
tv>;tr school and Btores; a desirable home :
trnr-.s to eu'.t; price £500; fcOO down, balance
to suit.
New up-to-date house; € rooms and bath
pantry. e»* and elwtric lights; lot 50x133-
sidewalk; close to station, school and
FtcrM>.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin and
ask for RUnOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
* A £F investment lor JT.v^O; hlock of land favor-
Rfcly located '¦t-ar coming Santa Fe Railroa."
TO rent, near the university, a thoroughly •
well appointed house of 10 rooms; In the very I
t*m part of Berkeley; complete In every par- '
ticular. with furnace, electric lights, eas etc '
AmJj to MASON &. McLENAHEN, adjoining ;
P. O.. Berkeley. ;
jrerr— JUST completed; cottage house of 3 !
room: modem in overy respect; electric light- |
ing; connected with gas and water mains; i
fronting on Telegraph ave. and xvHhln ten I
inmutee' wnlit cf the university: a perfect J
;™>m. Apply to MASON & McLENATHEN. I
IWtteley Station. !
FRUITvIlE ADVERTISEMENTS
—-— — — — — — — — — - i
FnUTVALE HEAL ESTATE. j
FVNNT Fruit vale, near station; no fogs or j
harsh winds; lovely lower flat. 4 rooms, fur- '•¦
nisht-d; reasonable; adults. Address box 59.!
Fn;itvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HAVE you »ver e«en or heard of such an op-
portMPlty? Ju?t completed. 2-story house nf
C r«vms, bath, rwrticn hall, etc.; open
ci<-kel-plated plumbing, finished In curly red- 1
wood, dovetailed rammed, beam ceillne." tint- I
*-\ wails, in fact everything that make* homa \
beautiful: let 30x125. facing Telegraph ave.. j
noar Thirty-s<»con<1 st.; mm wonderful to say !
jr.u can boy this beautiful home for JJOO cash !
i-.nu assume mortgage cf JSfifiO fiat loan. A. J I
EXTDEB, Keal Estate, in Ninth st.. Oakland, j
TJTE CHEAPEST AND FINEST HOUSE IN
OAKLAND.
J»'E"A" I-sfry 7-room. bath and reception hall-
p'uir.b'r.g cp*n r.ickel platvl. finished in
Oregon a;=h (haxdtvood). l-.^um ceilins: every
room. n^oK and corner a pleasure to the eye. I
Lot 4^x135; facing en that prominent ave- !
r.ue. Telegraph, n»-ar Thirty-second street. !
This proi»-rty carries a mortgage of S3V>0 j
»Hch denotes a valuation of nr.t ]*6* than
ITOOf; price only S4:*o. A . J. KNYDER & CO .
Real Estate, 4G7 Ninth ft., Oakland.
i j
12 ACRE?. 1 ir.ile from Lefayette; S-room j
house, bare. 4 chicken house*, family orchard-
price fSX>; take $600 down, balance J100 yearly i
payments, e. E. GEHHCCO. 4:s Tenth st..
Ofck'and. i
TT4-ACRE stock ranch, Vuba County; good i
house end barn; U rr.iles from MarysviHe- |
value fcW"; trade for Oakland or S F prop- :
«rty. E. E. GEHRING. 4IS T-nth St.. Oakland. \
ABOVT t^-0 ready cash to buy an S-room ¦»- '
rtsnr house in Oakland; colonial or modern
style. Address 2X4 Buena Vista ave.. Ala- ;
mega.
OAKLAXD Ftn.MTIRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaisrthe
furrifjre dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland, i
ROOMS FOR HOrsEKECPI.\G.
JIT €2 Second- Light housekeeping. 'tTSirto^H's) '
per wk. ; «ing> «.nd double, tl to S2 SO per wk. '
CAPP. 512— To let. 5 or I large eunny rooms !
for housekeepia*.
EDDY. C04— Sunny furnished corner room: run-
ning water: cas stcve act] kitchen: complete '
for h^usek^eiiiig.
EIGHTH-34B. near Market— 1 or 2 sunny front '
bedrooms and kitchen furnished for house- '
iceeplrg: hot and cold water.
ELLIS, T3»— Two nice furnished rooms suit- ;
able for housekeeping.
HOWARD, I2S — ; larpe sunny rooms. rum!«he<J j
for housekeeping, with rlr.k and running i
water; t*rnis reasonable.
JlO'vYARX*. F34— Sur.ffy parlcrs. JJ 50; large j
roi ra«, ?2: suites. J! M.
HOWARD. lC-CS'j— sunny completely furnished i
_ housekeeping nxms; nlso others.
I-EWI?. 1^. off Taylor, near Peat— 3 unfurnished !
Tj>d furr.it-hed ror^n«t to let.
Mission. ;.V3' S — Two ur.f«jrr.i5hed rooms, with i
lift of kitchen; rr-r.t reasonable.
"NOK. 1".3. north of Market— 2 sunny front rooms •
in upper flat; gas rar.ge. '
o'FAnr.ELL. 74:-T*xo or three neatly fur-
rished rooms for housekeeping. 111 to JM.
SILVER. K:.. r.»F.r Fourth-2 ch«>ap furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
Tt'RK. M3— Funny bfdroom and kitchen com- •
P>te for hoj«-«-k»^[ing: gas, bath and laun- '
«1ry: $13.
VAX NEPP, 402-2 elegantly furnisher" sunny j
ror^ns; complete >ou!-«krg. ; gas stove; reas. 1
A BRANCH once fcr Call advertisements ar.i I
subscriptions has b*-en established at icis j
Valencia ft.
nOOSIS TO LET Fnrn. and I'nfurn. i
A^BRUNSwTck' nOCSE. iu Ml » Bl«tK— *tt^m '
t.'c to Jl r*r r.ight, tl 25 to K per week, and
light hout-ekeep:r.g: o;#n ali r.ight.
"BOHEMIA. 133 Po?t— Finest sunny suite* in j
city for families and gentlemen; all cor.vsnl- •
*>nces; rpecial accommodation for tourlrts.
UCRXETT. 112S Market told No. 1364)— Fur- !
r.ithed mis., suites, single; also unfurnished, j
liUFH. r,20— Nicely fum. sunny rooms; tl &Q to J7 '
wk.; r,c to tl M night. MKS. P. RAN FT.
FIFTH. 3R3— Sunny furnished eingle rooms; 14 i
and J5 per month.
FOL6OM. i2% nr. Fourth— Furnished rooms, Jl I
per week.
POLBOK, >C5. cor. Cth (The Oliver)— New fur- i
r.ished funny rms, single or suites; reasonable, j
CHASED SOUTHERN, southeast comer Seventh i
and M!«rlcn Ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or !
ringle: ladies' parlcr; reading-room; elevator, j
GRANT ave., 2i fThe Wellington)— Elegantly \
.'urnisbed sunny rooms by day. week, month, j
ll r 'TEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single: tran- j
f^nt; baths. MRS. KING. Turlc and Taylor. |
HOWABOt ta— Rooms from Jl week up to Jo; j
Be to Jl night: also housekeeping rooms. '
JESSIE, Z7i, nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished i
rooms, $*.; housekeeping, J3.
LAS PALMAS. l£20 Market St.— Suite of S or 1 |
rms.: private; bath; «ln. mu.: board optional, j
MARKET. Itff "rnntr furnished sunny rooms;
transient or by week^
OFARHEI.L. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
officej.; elevator; electric lights; gay, wk.. mo.
FOWELL. 121-Light. clean rms. : suite* or sin- i
__gi«: transient; running •vater: rates reduced, j
POTEUU «:2A— Large sunny front room neat-
>y Jumiihed. and others^ „___
POWELL. Kft— a new and very nicely furnlsh-
_y1 front_acd back room.
ROSEDALETTouse. 31» ar.a »l Ellis st.— Roorra,
r,;ebt 2.> tQ n 4 m< . fk tl 2S to J4; open night.
Bg7**» HOUSE. 126 Ellis «t-— Incandescent
i.rnt: reafliag-room. emoklng-room and ladles'
Pl&rtcr; rotn.t, per right. 25c to II CO; week. U
*^J»; mcr.th. ff. to tlO; elevator on offiee floor.
rocms »lth_hot jand cold water: baths.
""^-iH* N ' apartment House. 28 Eighth «t.,
_^r_^Jarj^--FTjrrMBhe(i or unfurnished.
P i ARK - ?'?"""> front room and use
J^^^Jn^rivateJaTnlly; rent reasonable.
j«: %% ** r month: alB0 elagl "
T anY d l oub?eT 2 /uro " h^ room., slngl.
R'lLLOW ave.. jo bet. Larkln and Polk— Large
front -J^ore and adjoinin,: room/wlth bSi!
IIOOMS AXD BOARD.
ALMORA. corner Twentieth and Mission sts.—
Beautifully furnished suites or single rooms;
til modern conveniences; excellent table;
terms moderate.
REMOVAL .NOTICE. ¦ n
REMOVAL Notice— The Kragen Furniture Co.
has removed to 1015-1017 Market, near Plxth,
•where they will be pleased to gee frlenda.
V SOUTHERN' CALIFORNIA.
$S000— 10'i ACRES lx?st orances and
apricots— flrst year bearing.
B-room cottage and lot 50x100; choice locality.
I lots 60x110. noar center of town. All in
Pomona, Cal. Cash, or might «*chanse
for property in or near San Krancleco. Reason
for Bellini;:, owner moving.
Artdnafs R. p., box 175, San Rafael, at once.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting; done. Hartman Taint Co.. 319 Third.
EnST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
1K>RE. 12S0 Market St.. above Jones.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery et.. rooms 8-10; tel. 65S0.
STOII.tr.l-; AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., Etrrage and movlnt; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 782.
PACIFIC StoraKe and Furniture . Moving Com-
pany. ZZ20 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 2SL
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission «t.:
tel. Main lS4b— Packing, moving and storage.
SEWI.VG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kind* bousht. sold and repairing guarmn-
teed. Chas. PUtmbeck. 1815 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL, Kinds bought, sold, txchansed. rented:
repairing: at lowest rates. 105 Fourth st.
TYPEWRITERS AVD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IX TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money thin any
houre In the city; rentals, Jl. The Typiwriter
Kxchanre. 53G California, telephone Main 266.
NEW typewriter*. S3 down. $5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. S2 (twenty-five cents per
share) of the Hutchinson Su^ar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, S27 Market tt.. on and after MON-
DAY. August 20. 1S0O. Transfer books closed
on Tuesday, August 14. 1900. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for C«*kets— Depot Quartermas-
ter's office. 36 New Montgomery et.. San
Francisco. Cal., August IS. 1900. Sealed pro-
pf ?sls. In triplicate, will be received at this
office until 11 o'clock a. m.. September 15,
isoo. Pacific standard time, and then opened,
for furnishing SCO caskets. Preference will
be given to articles of domestic production
and manufacture, conditions of price and
quality being equal (including in the price of
foreign production and manufacture the duty
thereon), and such preference will be g-tven
to artlcien of American production and manu-
facture produced on the Pacific Ccast to the
extent of the connumptlnn required by the
public service there. The United States re-
serves the risht to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. Information
and blanks for proposals will be furnished on
application. Envelopes contnining proposals
will he indorsed "Proposals No. 6J30 for Cas-
kets." and addressed to MAJOR OSCAR F.
I/).\'G, Quartermaster. V. S. Vols., Depot
Quartermaster.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Th» frllcwins marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Charles R. Gay. S2, oil Rryant street. anJ
Kalio A. Flaherty. 21. 2247 Sutter street.
Andrew Smith. IS. G42 1 * Minna street, and
DIna Colfin 13. 1117 Minion Ftr'-et.
Oscar Ft. Hold. 3?, 6 1 ? Lewis street, and An-
pele B. BrFgrsy. S3. 3 Lewi? street.
Richard L. Gammo. 27, 1W9 Diamond street,
and «'aiharlne L. Hertinjr. 23. 1009 Diamond St.
Dii-Iley Mar.sfleld, 40. S174 Lsrkln street, and
Katharine Ogr-nJ, 40. 1S36 Eddy street.
Thomas F. Curlcy. 23. S Ruesell street, and
Nora Hearney. Jv, 8 Clara street.
Oiaiibatlsta Fappiano. S3. 3'i Aupust alley,
and Hosa tt. Tackella. 34. E'i August alley.
BIRTHS— MABRIAQES—DEAmsT
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not h? inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
tor.s authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
EVA— JANFPEN — In this city. Aufrunt 15, 1900.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. William J. Eva
»n<\ Johanna Janssen.
HE»iERHORST-KUHLMANX— In this city,
A-iftust 15. ISOrt. by the Rev. J. II. Bushier,
John Hrgerhorst and Matilda Kuhlmann.
S<~HROEDER — HF.HRMA.N.N — In Alvarado.
August 16, W<0, by the Kev. Paul Branke of
Fan Francieoo, Henry Sehroeder of Decoto
ami Miss t'hr. H. Beiirmann of Alvarado.
_ ..— — DIED
v* Barrett. Michael Larken. Eltrabeth
Craig. Margaret McClure. James E.
l>e I^aenel. - Mrs. M. Mlskel. Florence
Kdstrcm. Thomas Nolan. James E.
Flood. Man* C. Xolan, Mrs. Mary
Hamar.n, August O'Neil, Hr'.dget
Hayden. John Severns. Mary A.
Ilendry. Lucy Slater, PatricJc
Hunt. Edgar ll Fulllvan. Timothy
Jackman, Jehiel B. Williamson Margaret
Jurgen?. Richard D. \VI?e, Edward
Kelly, Edith A. Vitherby, Hannah J.
Lacoume. Henrietta Wuirf. Geor^ina
BAHRETT-In this city. Aufrust 14, 1900,
Michael, beloved husband of the late Annie
Barrett. t.nd father cf Mary and Josephine
Barrett, a native of. Queens County, Ireland.
av"'i 61 years and 2 months.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
th» Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CP.A1O— In this city. August 15. l<>00. Margaret,
beloved wife of the late Michael Craig, and
sister of Mis. Jane Lafferty, John Patten
and the iate Htnry Patten, a. native of
County Derry, Ireland, aged 73 years a-nd
7 months.
CTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:SO from her late residence,
S.*l Teharr.a street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DE LAGXEIy- In this city, August Ifi. l»00. at
the residence of her brother, A.Pborboro, Mrs.
Madeleine de Lacnel, wife of Colonel J. A.
de Lacnel.
C7Inteiment private.
EDSTROM— Entered unto r**t. In this city.
August 15. li<00, Thomas, beloved husband of
Anna Edstrom. father of Mrs. D. J. Firming,
and grandfather of Will J. and Anna M. G.
Flomine, a native of Prince Edward Island,
ag^d 7S y«rars 8 months and 21 days.
il^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
* Friday), et 10 o'clock, from .the residence of
his son-in-law. D. J. Fleming. 3700 Twenty-
tecond Btrtet. corner of Sanchez. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FU">OD-ln this city, August 15, 1900, Mary
Catherine, daughter of Michael and the late
Ellen C. Flood, sister of Nellie C. Michael
A. and Joseph C. Flood, and niece of Mrs.
Jann Regan, aged'30 years.
C7Funeral from St. Mary's Cathedral to-
morrow (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, when a
requiem mass will be. celebrated for the re-
pose of her eoul. Friends are invited to at-
tend.
HAMANN— In Oakland. August 1«, 1900, Au-
jrurt. beloved husband of Minnie Hamann.
and father of Mrs. Bessie OnserLh and May
and Ernest Hamann. a native of Hanover.
Germany, ag«-d C3 years 2 months and IS
days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. August 19. at 2 o'clock, at Ger-
mania Hall. Webster street, between Seventh
and Eisrhth. Oakland, under the auspices of
California Lodge No. 2, O. d. H. S.. Oak
Leaf Lodre No. 35. A. O. U. W., and Ap-
pomattox Post No. £2. G. A. R. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
HATDEN-In this city. August IS. 1900, John,
beloved eon of the late James and Julia Hay-
den. brother of the late Miss Annie Hayden.
and nephew of Mr. and Mrs. Charles J. John-
eon of Monterey. Cal.. a native of Califor-
nia, a r»d 2! years.
tcyrriends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. MgrT
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
"27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
-TCMEEAL CIEE0T0BS AND EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
McAVOV <fe CO.. I
rt'KKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
123? Market it. between 8th and 9th. 1
Telephone South 247. jj
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
' Via Sausallto Ferry-
Commencing April 22. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL TAXJUST
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. *»:30. 9:80. UM a. m.t
12:45. »l:4S. J:15. 4:15. '5:13. 6:15. 1:40 p. m,
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley aad Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. SaturdAja
and Sundays, at 9:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAT3— 7:00. *8:C0. •9:00. •10:00, 11:00. 1V3O
a. m.; 13:45. •1:30, 2:J0. »3:43, 5:00. «:0O, T;2»
p. m.
11:00 a. ra. does not ran to San Rafael Sun-
days. -
Trains marked (•) run to San Qusnt!n.
FROM SAN F.AFAEL TO SA.V FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DATS— S:S5. 'i:30, 7:50, »:40. 'leila a.
m.: tf:*>. 1:15. 1:13. '3:30. 4:30. J:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *f:4» and 10:20 p. m
8UNDAT3-«:13. •$:<». »8:M. •U:0Oa. m.; •« <X>
m.; l:C0. 2:15. •!:». 4:30. 'UK. 1:45. 7:30. 10:W
p. m.
, Trslns marked (•) start from San Quentia.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:53. «:4S. 8:00. »:5». io:jo *.
m.: 12:35. 1:41. 3:45. 1:30.- 4:J0. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA. TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20. p. m.
,SUNDAT9-«:S3, S:C5. lfc<3. U:W a. rn.; 12:li.
{:1H, S:30. a:O. 4:55. «: 13. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week, days — Cazadero and war sta-
tions, -tofia" *
J-.15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way «*-
ttons.
t:15 p. ra. weekdays (Saturdays exctptad)-*
Point Reyas and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Caaadero and way •ra-
tions. ¦
12:45 p. m. Sunday*— Point Reyes and way
stations.
No. Prize. |No- Prise. jNo. Prize.
64J93 4064504... 16|64.»33 40
84552 1665233 80 1 65273 24
«532) 406.^353 4iis544S. ....... 40
fiooM........ 24163632 24 537W5. 1«
65723 16165770 I«'«5S20 24
65S21 40165947 4»!85348 1«"
6609S.. ..:... 16;CS1?3 1C66216 IS
65310 8066384 1615KB3 40
6C6S5 16««731 80i68779 1«
, 66874........ 24I6S916 16166997 24
67109 40 67134 18 87213 IS
67230 4O'C741S , 16567433 1*
C7608 80|6767« 24'67S9« IS
67757 16167S14 24167870 lft
68000 2l!6S0S5 24J6S16S 16
6S307 1201S8324 ¦ 1«I6S.>#> 1*
6S649 1616S713 120!«8W7 40
6*S33 16J6SJ81 16189034 18
65135 120!63141 24I691S8 13<
C9237 40)69284 24 C9452 24
694S6 2« i S3701 16;e»7S7 V>
69969 24170036 40:70141 24
70207 16170233 16170302 18
703S7 40I70394 16:70638 40
70664 16 70734 4^70905 1«
71345 16 71363 16171434 - ¦»
71578 16 71603 40J71663 120
71S03 40 71S58 16171S91 IS
171983 16 72098 24172293 80
72361 16 72371 45J72517 IS
72636 24 72727 24I72S62 80
72960 24 72976 16,72994 2»
73013........ 16 73172 40173166 SO
73393 16 73470 80 73573 *>
73611 40 73711 18i7376S 2*
73813 SO 74157 16174232 24
74362 15 74405 16:745*9 8«1
74667 40 74813 80(73032 18
75073 24 75267 24175324 80
75373 16 75441.. 16J73642 24
75645 40 75843 4W75865 24
76049 16'76081 24I76078 16
76100 1?|75333 1617633; 40
76581 24176656 16176723 11
76906 40 76943 80177007 IS
7718S.; 16 77253 16177311 15
77371 80J77372 16 7737S 1«
77426 24177502 18I7754S *>
77627 24J77732 1«!77772 21
77S36 40 77910 8017*318 16
78040 »... 80 78090 80J78210 24
78440 16179117 24179160 24
I 79198 24179301, 16179313 18
I 794S0 16*79517 2417954J 16
79589 16l79«S3 1*179722 24
79739 16179977 lSlSOOSl 24
80097 16180999 16!S0211 1«
80293 EO 80395 80 80487 2J
80511 24 mi! 16IW7M 41
81003 24 81111...:.... 24'8112» 40
81224 80 81250 2481321 24
81661. 24J81718 18181931 18
81955 16 82115 40182118 14
82141 2482173 24|S2272 24
82347 24 82377 16I82412 80
824S3 16 82507 16182747 40
82837 80 S3160 24|S3183 1«
83343 16 83391 24183494 IS
83566 16 83636 40 S38U 18
83869 40 83910 16 83943 IS
S4072 16184129 40 842S5 24
84391 80 84640 24*84650 «<»
84690 16 84733 IS'84792 14
84874 40(8494* 24 84960 1«
85054 24:85062 40!$5C«6> 1»
83365 120185513 16'S5371 1«
85633 18 83698 80!S5734 14
8*740 24 85774 24|S377J 21
8.1816 24(83991 40W19 16
860S1 16|8OT93 181S6261 40
8K3S3 16 86436 J4'S«898 U
KS736 40 86837 S00ool*6349 16
8701« 16I8704S 16:87068 1«
87143 40187258 40 87453 13
87747 16187318 16187939 16
87948. ...i... 241SS040 24|RSI20 1«
8S262 16 ! «8504 40!SS503 18
8S53S 24iS*»SO 40J8S990 40
89006 24189037 16iS9040 24
89070 40|S?100 16!«9143 24
89162 41I19159 1*:89271 IS
89527 40;»9605 4O!«9628 14
89643 40!R9777 24183*53 IS
89953 {tOi9<V)10 24!900S3 16
90115 I6|90253 24190321 II
90327 16 90329 40190509 34
90561.. 16I9OS2S 24(90737 120
90800 16(90932 24191000 ?>
91076 16,91151 16J9131S 40
91327 40(91331 16(91733 24
91882 1691879 80:«908 IS
91917 24'91933 120)92039 18
92312 16192373 24192381 16
92419 24;92:»1 15192581 40
92676 16i92697 16192732 40
92839 16192902 80192933 44
9296S 15193103 24193156 80
93384... 21193425 24'934S9 18
93565 16,93567 16(93754 40
937.60 16|93S11 24 ! 93923 24
93?49 24!9337S 16:94043 24
94050 40194154 43 94312 40
943S7 16J94401 80 ! 9442« 24
94507 16194677 24'94759 18
94539 16193013 120I93293 24
95423 16:93473 16!95432 1«
95331 16!95«00 16193638 16
95693 40195705 40195803 1*
95906 80195930 80i9«133 24
9«213 40J9622S 1696251 14
95364 24 96406 43196461 80
S6326 16(9«600 .... 24196653 16
96666 40196757 120196768 40
96776 24196874 1«!9«96« 16
97312 16197374 16197572 40
97630 24|97691 24!97771 14
97S72 16U7S11 16197987 IS
93205 40'9>!234 16J9S243 18
9S341 16!9S3S1 40'98403 120
983S8 16:95550 16'99010 18
991SI 80I&3433 16:93605 80
99633 16J99754 16!99?11 24
S9S71 16(99975 24(99978 M
99994 120(99997 .' 16|
Patent appllfd for.
APPROXIMATION • PRIZES.
One hundred numbers from 86787 to 83837,, in*
elusive, belnr 50 numbers on each slc!o of the
number drawing the capital prize of $30,000—143.
One hundred numbers from 60319 to 60419. in-
clusive, being 50 numbers on each stdo of tha
number drawing the capital prize of JSOOO— $24.
One hundred number* from 9943 to 10043. In-
clusive, being: 50 numbers on each side of tha
number drawing the capital prize of $4000— J1S.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 37. being the two last figures of tha
number drawing the capital prize of $30.000— $3.
Numbers ending: with 69, being the two last
figures of the number drawing the second capi-
tal prize of $8000— $8.
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing-, class H, Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100,000 placed in the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them. 'Witness
my hand at Puerto Cortez. Honduras, C A.,
this Saturday. Augu5t 11. 1900.
VT. 3. CABELL, Commissioner.
$15,000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAP-
ITAL PRIZE.
PHILADELPHIA. July 23, 1900.
Robert XV. King, of No. 131S Alden street
Fortieth Ward, city of Philadelphia. State of
Pennsylvania, being duly sworn, deposes and
says that he is the true and rightful and Dona
fide owner of one-half ticket No. 8751S of the
Honduras National Lottery Company of Puerto
Cortez. Honduras, and which numher drew tha
flrst capital prize of thirty thousand ($30,000)
dollars at drawing held Saturday. July 14. 1900,
In Puerto Cortez, Honduras, and hereby ac-
knowledges receipt of fifteen thousand ($15,000)
dollars due htm as above.
ROBERT W. KINO.
Employed at Brill's Car Works.
Witnesses at signing: B. METZEL.
H. HANAN.
Sworn and subscribed to before me, a notary
public of and for the city and county of Phila-
delphia. State of Pennsylvania.'
C. L. SCHUMACHER. Notary Public.
$7500 FOR 50 CENTS — ONE-FOURTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
NEW YORK. July 29, 1900.
I am the bona fide owner of one-quarter
ticket No. 87316, class G. drawing of the Hon-
duras National Lottery Company. July 14. 1900.
held at Puerto Cortez. Honduras, C. A., which
number won the flrst capital prize of thirty
thousand ($30,000) dollars, . and I have received
the money In fulL LOUIS STEINBERGER,
723-27 Fifth street
Sworn to before me this 19th day of July,
1900. SAMUEL ZIPRIS, Notary Public
$7300 FOR 50 CENTS-ONE-FOURTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
ST. LOUIS, July 20. 1900.
New Tork County. State of Missouri, city
Of St. Louis — sa. v *: .' ¦ •
Frank L. Boehm. being duly sworn, does de-
pose and say that he is resident of No. 2400
South Broadway. St. Louis, Mo., and that he
Is the bona fide holder of tho fourth Dart of
ticket No. 8731S, class O. Honduras National
Lottery Company * Louisiana State Lottery),
drawing of which wan held on Saturday. July
14. 1900. at Puerto Cortez. Honduras. C. A..
rrhlch number drew the first capital prize of
thirty thousand ($30,000) dollars.
FRANK L. BOEHM.
Pub3crlb?d and sworn to before me this 23d
day of July, 1900.
CHAP. E. HANNAVER. Notary Public. CJty
of St. Louis, Mo. (My term expires June
13. 1902.)
Witness: JOHN A. BECKER.
$S00O FOR $:— WHOLE OF SECOND CAPITAL
PRIZE.
( State of Louisiana. Parish of Orleans:
' Before me. Melor.ey C. Sonlat. a notary public
In and for the parish of Orleans. State of Lou-
isiana, personally appeared Andrew if. Han-
sen, No. 2339 Dauphlno street, who. being by •
me. notary, duly sworn, do depose and say that
he in the bona fide owner and Purchaser of
whole ticket No. 77241, Honduras National Lot-
tery Company. In tho drawing held at Puerto
Cortes. Honduras. C. A., on Saturday, July
14 190W which number won. the second capital
prize of eight thousand <»sooo) dollars, and
tbat same was paid on presentation. -
A. H. HAXSEX.
Employed at Stauffer. Eshleman A Co.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 19th
day of July. 1900. M. C SONIAT.
Notary Public
OrlRlnal.i of foregolnjc affidavits held by pres*
id>nt of Honduras National Lottery Company
<Ix>uiMana State Lottery Company).
NUMBERS
—op the;——
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Class "H." Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C.A.,
-?' Saturday, August U, 1900.
No. : Prize. No. Prize.] No. Prize.
241 40 2S1 24 531 IS
582 bO 592 16 003 40
1027 16 1051. 16 1M2 IS
1167 74 1275... 16 1318 16
1605 16 1530 24 1546 16
15S7 40 iT46 24 17S1 1«
1794 40 1954 24 2000 40
2151 16 2199 16 2315 49
2440 40 2360 24 3270.. -24
328fi 16 3364... 24 3372 24
3416 24 3462 40 3477 1»
S521 16 3668 24 3865........ 15
3881 40 3923 40 3936 16
4018 isO 4024 80 4134 16
42&2 16 4297 24 4391 80
4556 16 4707 24 4710 24
4711 400 4727........ 16 5139 1«
5146 24 5334 16 5369 «
5379 40 S403 80 B4T7. ....... 16
5651 16 5657 24 E63S 24
5934 16 5392 16 6002 80
6338 24 6423 16 6549 80
67C0 16 6812 16 7069 16
; 7133 16 7362 ii 7414 80
7436 24 7554 24 7648 24
7733 80 77S4 16 7816 1«
7823 24 7982 24 7990 40
S01S 40 8121 80 8144 24
8287 24 8308 16 8458 18
8475 24 8505 24 8S74 16
S9*5 24 8992 40 9010 24
0073 16 9160 40 9216 1«
9276.. 40 9317 24 8513 4D
9557 - 40 9701 80 9S65 40
9S92 IS 9393 4000 10072 43
10108 16 10169 16 10204 120
10355 40 10461 15I105S7 1«
10727... 24 10971 40 10992 16
11013 24 1U65 40 11333 21
11538 80111359 24 115S4 1«
11599 15 11616 16 11695 *4
U774 16 11776 24 11818 40
119i6 1612041 1612496.. 40
12.VJ4 40 12611 80 127S9 24
12857 41U2936 40 13208 1«
1S463 24 13513 16 13531 16
13609 24 12619 16 13782 24
1JS93 80 13914 16 13927 24
13989.. 1614109 16 14225 '. 24
14227 1000 14278 16 14357 18
14497 16 14595 400 14738 24
14775 16 15051 16 15069 4-1
15073 16 10051 80 15120 40
15181 24 15237 24 1526S 24
1R308.: 24 15428 SO 15508 80
16551 40115769 16 15793 «W
15S21 24I15S34 24 16899 40
15971 24 ! 16OO7 16 16118 24
16238 8016298 £0 16423 120
16606 16 16724 16J1S822 16
16S78 16 169M 1SJ17023 2»
17204 40 17326 16U7410 16
17S72 16 17713 lfiilSOlO r. 1*5
18101 40 18126 16J1S176 41
1S242 40 1S253 24J1S265 24
18371 24 1R462 16 lgoJO.. ...... 16
18C00 24 18710 24 18741 40
1SW 24 19058 24 19127 15
19t?7 80119306 16 19312 16
19396 16!l9411 1619427 24
15177 lijl&4»2 24 19591 16
W592 j£|19639 80 19899 2*
19950 jS 20033 24 20044 40
M09S 80 20423 40 20523 2*
20616 24 20643 16 20G65 16
20943 24121005 24 214S4 16
21678 16121735 24 21904 16
21905 1C 21971 16 22003 24
22023 16 22106 16 22205 16
22256 24 2234S 16 223C6 24
221D0 40 227S2 80 52857 IB
22M7 24 2294 S 16123012 41
21033 24 23094 40J23231 19
23339 S0i23423 41,23669 24
23729 40|23763 16:23805 49
23J27 24123944 16 23948 16
23951 16123966 16 24005 40
24m 24|24210 18 24230 16
24372 24)24419 16 24442 43
214S4 24 14550 16 24577 «
24J98 40 246GS 80 23057 ' "18
2KH7 1623443 24 25193 24
2>?54 16 25590 120 25821 24
25979 40 239S7 16I2G076 16
26003 16126.093 40J2617S 18
26155 40'26210 8f>!2«232 IS
26303 16|K>317 SO 26332 24
26S19 40 266S3 16 26804 400
28821 24 26925 24 25S53 J»0
21939. 16 27095 4127131 4»
27243 KI27532 24 27«29 U
27838 16!27C65 24 27694 16:
2783S 40 27964 40127997 16'
2S113 40128210 16 2S24S 16
2S290 16I2S7S5 16I2S34* 16
2*872 MI2S8S0 - 40J29049 16
291 r .0 40i2324S... "..... 1612)272 40
292«0 16 29338 16129369 16
23376 24 23411 16|2S445 1«
291S7 16'29661 40|298">9 120
»«79 16[29<181 4^29900 IS
29931 16[29992 16J30001 16
30021 24 30204 16i30284 16
30370 80)30495 24130532 16
30539 16S0T.21 40 30640 1000
30734 16 30967 16(31016 16
31039 40 31041 16 31100 16
31121 16 31301 16;31363 16
81583....*.:.. 24 31698 16131762 21
31SC8 16 31902 49J31903 16
31932 16 31943 16I32210.. .:.... IS
32310 16 32400 24 32526 16
32615 24 32790 24 32842 80
32?83 40 32959 80 33270 24
3350J 16 33927........ 24133963 24
310?3 16 J4090 16I31100 1C
C4U1 24 34118 80134222 IS
342 C .4 16 34314 24 34331 16
34411 16134457 24 34519 40
345S5 16 34643 40J34722 24
34737 24 34791 16 34SS7 120
34984 16 ?5276 So!3.->2S9 .'. 16
35402 16 3i'>36 S0i3.*>.V>7 24
3.')6f>0 24 35607 40135635 16
33722 16 35S49 SOJ36043 16
S6U7 R0 363S2 16'3R.->47 40
307:0 16 367S6 4OJ36&O7 16
36317 40 37038 16 37043 120
37110 16 37314........ 24 37573 21
37h73 13)37773 16137915 40
3SO78 24 3SU1 16 3S24O tn
3S?S1 120I3S4SS 16 3S4S9 24
38*541 163S733 40i38763 24
3S8S9 16J3S917 16J3S944." 8-)
3SW 1«13!>1M. 16J39333 IS
334J2 16J39166 16 394S5.'. 24
3MU 24|39615 16I30695 24
40O76 ?4 40201 16140207 24
40211 80 40213.. ...... 16140245 16
40271 24:40292 24:40434 120
40475 16 40491 16I4O6.W 24
40645 8^40710 l«l40S13 40
40"*34 21 40S66 40|408^7 16
41055. > 40 41118 lfi 4112S K
41189 16 41236 16|41290 24
41390 16141543... 161415.14 ]<;
4ir,S* 16J41613 4Oi41617 24
41829 1641S14 24141919 24
42044 16)42345 40142366 IS
42320 80 42531 16U2579 16
42G51 24 42CR6 SO'42900 -]6
4n29 80 43032 16143130 80
43106 24 431SS 24(43267 40
41T.23 lfi 43745 24U3SR5 16
459TS 24 44041 S4J44068.V* 16
411S1 16 44329 1*144365 80
44459 16 44532........ 16'44S12 24
44913 24 45013 80 45050 y\
45JSI 16 4S2S3 40 43620 24
4572S 40 45S0O.. 16 4.5908 80
j 16123 40 45155 24|4520« 16
46257 24 46291 40 46541........ 18
4C653 40 46754 80 46S70 16
47004 40147162 24 47246 40
47230 80 47266 45(47301 40
473W 40 47406 I6U7453 24
47C9S 40 47789 1 24 47792 24
47393 16 48215 120 4S250 24
4S339 24 48368 i 16I4S630 40
45634 40 488S8 8OJ4S3S1 IS
49019 24 49172 40 49207 24
49211 40 49431 40 4.1518 16
43653 16 49S34 16 49S0R 400
49SS3 161.V>054 24 50233 ' 16
50348........ 16 50413 16 50614... 16
C-0S51 16*0558 24'51028 41)
51068 24 51C70 16131348 16
513S9 16 51400 40151454 1«
51503 24 51630 16I51S32 24
51638 24 S16S3 16151714... /is
51724 16 51741 80 51792 40
51R65 24 519S0 2V529SS 40
52151 16 52286 24152378 .2000
52438 40 52533 16(32576 45
52670 24 52702 24 3275S 16
52769 16I52S27 W) 52S3S 40
52S74.. 40:r.2?.V> 16 33071-. 24
630S9 1C;532C8 16J53378 2|
53399... 24'53570 40!o3614 24
53615 16 53640 16I33572 IS
53678 24 33714 1C;»378S 24
53«46 16 53853 16|r,3315 16
54007 24 54397 1S|54«OS 47
64533 40 54740 24 35019 120
550S0 24155179 4i!.V>215 24
I 55280 24J35317 12n;55333 24
53695 ; 16[?>5913 24J33934 1R
56074 49j. r i6079 16136101 m
56365 40|S63SS 1 1613*512 go
56348 1«I565«?... 16!5Si549 i«
56726 16!56S75.» 40 56.11(1 24
5(339 40 5693* 16J57228 n
37230 24157242 1C 57338 80
57362.. 40 57521.. 80 37300 4f)
57(522 16 57644 .:. 24 ,"674 80
57677 24 57736 24 57S29... ]6
57S39 24 57851 24 37S70 16
M036... 16 SS261.. ...... ' 24 5S.102 120
r»8411 16 58657 16I.1SSS3 16
58712 40 68750 • 40!. : i89i13; 24
58913 16 59033 21 59171........ ' 40
59343 24 59409 16159424 16
59438 24 39690 1S15972S w
59S29 41 59S34 ¦' 24 '59989 24
60034 - -24 '60055 1CI60U7.. ...... l«
601SI 40 G01S9.. ...... 16'CO243 ; 15
6o:S8 .'..-'24 60354........ 80 S0369 8000
60447.......'. 7 24 60433 40160512 40
60334 ,40 6C<37 16 60720... 16
60311 1 . 16 60842 40 60907 16
60051 16 50966.. 24 61075.. '24
61331........ 24 61399........ 40 61445.. 40
61473........ '24 61501 1C 613G0.. 16
61747. 16 61762 16161731........ . 24
C2073... 16 62134 40|S22O3.... 24
C2-j:j." 24 62481......... 1SJ624S2.. ...... 16
G24?« 16 62506........ 24 62573 ;.. 16
62805 16 62732 , 24 63045 15
63072 40 63293.:...... 16 63591 1C
636-M 80 63625 1C163S45 1<J
C3861 8083302 1C 63321 16
6S9U......... 16 «3959........ 16 63376......... v\
639S5.. ...... '24 64065.........' I6I64247....;... 2}
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street.
thence by 11:30 o'clock train for Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HENDRY— In this city, August 16. 1900. Lucy,
beloved daughter of James and Sarah Hen-
dry, a native of England, aged 33 years :
months and 24 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. DOS',4 Folsom street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
HUXT— In this city. August 13, 1900, Edgar L.,
beloved ccn of William B. and Frances T.
Hunt, and brother of W. F.-and George E.
Hunt, a native of Ran Francisco, aged IS
years. (Detroit, Mich., papers jrtease copy.)
ILTTlemalns at the funeral parlors of Porter
& White. 122 Eddy street. Interment private.
JACKMAN— In this city. August 16, 1900. Jehiel
Blood Jackman. a native of Essex. Chitten-
don County, Vt., aged 77 years and 1 month.
E7"R«?mains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co., 318 Mason street, 1
between O'Farrell and Geary.
JURGENS — In this city, August 15, 1900,
Richard D. Jr., dearly beloved and only son
of Richard D. and the late Caroline Jursrens,
and brother of Mrs. H. Hartje and Lena
Jurgens, a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years 3 months and !8 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 19, from St. Paulus German Evangeli-
cal Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and Gough
streetB. where services will be held, com- 1
menelng at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery. - < .-.
KELLY— In this city. August 15. 1900, Edith
Agnes, beloved daughter of James and Maria
Kflly. a native of San Francisco, azed 13.
years 9 months and 21 days.
(CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 1527 Sanchez street, near Twenty-
ninth, thence to St. Paul's Church, whjere a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LACOUME— In this city. August 16, 1900. Hen-
rietta Elizabeth Lacoume, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 month and 1 day.
LARKEX— In this city. August 16. 1990. Eliza-
beth I<arken. mother of J. F. Larken, a na-
tive of Vlrelnia.
!E7"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral sen-Ices to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 10 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray
& Co.. 641 Sacramento street.
McCLURE— In this city, August 16. 1900, James
E. McClure. beloved son of Mrs. A. and the
late George B. McClure, and brother of Mrs.
P. J. Euler and George B. McClure, a na-
tive of Joliet. 111., aged 30 years and 5
mnnths.
CTFriends are rescectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 10
o'clock, from the residence of his sister, Mrs.
P. J. Euler, 1032 Page street, near Broderick.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
MISXEL— In this city. August 16, 1900. Flor-
ence, beloved daughter of William and Ellen
Mtskel. a native of San Jose, aged 4 years and
6 months.
tJ' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the Darents. 730 Folsom street. Interment
Holy Crosa Cemetery.
NOLAN — In this city. August 15, 1900. James
Edward, beloved son of Patrick F. and Sarah
J. Xolan, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years.
C7"Th» funeral will take place this day
(Friday), from his late residence. 1423 Golden
Gate avenue, thence to Holy Cross Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 10:30 o'clork. Interment private.
NOLAN— In this city. August 16. 1900. Mrs.
Mary Nolan, beloved mother of W. P. Nolan
and Mrs. W. H. Fraser, a native of New-
market. County Clare, Ireland, aged 64 years
2 months and 15 days.
CT Funeral notice "later. •
O'NEIL— In this city, August 16. 1900. Bridget
O'Neil, beloved mother of Mr*. James Mc-
Nally, Mrs. Annie Tully and the late Julia
O'Neil, a native of County Mayo, Ireland,
aged SO years 7 months and 16 days.
SEVERNS— la thi3 city. August 15, 1900, Mary
A., beloved wife of T. J. Severns. and mother
of Erie, Esther, Emily, Ethel and the late
Andrew Edfar Severns, a native of Italy.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1933 Ellis street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, Eddy street, near Scott, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
BLATER-In this city. August 15. 1900, Patrick,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Slater, and
father of Frank. George. John and Grace
Slater. Mra. Philip Moignard. Mrs. John Loo-
ney and the late Mrs. Samuel McCarthy, a
native of Ireland, aged 71 years and 10 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 252 Fell street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church. Tenth street, for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. August U. 1900.
Timothy Sullivan, beloved father of Mar-
garet Sullivan and Jeremiah and Daniel Sul-
livan cf Arizona, a native of Bkibberwn.
County Cork. Ireland, aged £5 years and 4
months. r .
U~^~ F'rlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 214 Xoe street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
corner Sixteenth and Doloren streets, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his toul. commencing at 3
o clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WILLIAMSON— In this city, August 13. 1900,
Margaret, dearly beloved wife of the late
Charles Williamson, and beloved mother of
Mrs. M. L. Powers and Rebecca L. Strub,
a;*d 72 years.
CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late reel-
dence. Sltf Bush street. Interment strictly,
private.
WISE-In this city. Augrust 16. 1900. Edward,
beloved husband of Rosle Wise, and brother
of Mrs. Charlotte Kldd. a native of Tuol-
umne County. California, aged 36 years 11
months and 20 dayB.
WITHERBY— In this city, August 15, 1900
Hannah J.. beloved wife of D. S. Wltherby
and mother of T. F. Crelghton. Mrs. J. k'
Keller, C. S. Witherby and Mrs. U. L. Toa-
cham, a native of Ireland.
CTThe funeral will tak* place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:80 o*clock. from her late resi-
dence, 262St Folsom street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem ma?s will be cele-
brated for the repose of her bouI at 10
o'clock. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
WULFF— In Oakland. August 1«, 1900 Geore-
ina Wulff. heloved sister of John, Adolf and
the late DiMrlch Wulff, a native of Bram-
stPdt. Holstein. Germany, aged 33 years 9
months and 6 days.Swim at the . Crystal Baths.
Recommended . by physicians. Water always
clean and warmi department .beat In city.*
A Philadelphia man has established - a
unique laundry at New York. He washes
and irons shirts "while you wait."
Remains of Victor D. Duboce to Lie
in State in Regimental
Armory To-day.
The remains of Colonel Victor D. Du
boce will be removed this forenoon to the
armory of the First Infantry, N. G.. C,
at Page and Gough streets, fo lie In state
until Sunday in the drillroom. A guard
of. his former comrades in arms has been
detailed to- remain by the body. The
drillroom will be draped appropriately.
The guard will be commanded by Captain
F. Warren and will consist of Sergeants
Swift of .Company H, McNeil of Company
M and Klesow of Company L; Corporals
?5. a^ y and E & an of Company E and
Stindt of Company L; Privates Irelan,
i'aley and Guerrero of Company *H, No
land and Cantrowith of Company E, Bar
rows of Company M, Hurd of Company
u, Boll, Maxwell, Buelna. Tunnison, Ber
ry, Reese, Reardon, Darby, Marvin, A.
Kearaon and Wehr of Company L. The
public will be admitted to view the body
to-day. and to-morrow between the hours
of 11 a. m. and 10 p. m. An order has
been issued by Lieutenant Colonel ONeil
calling on the First Infantry to assemble
at regimental headquarters at 9 a, m
bunday, in fatigue uniform, also inviting
ex-volunteer, officers "and enlisted men to
" < " < U? nel Dub oce," says the order, "was
an officer and a gentleman who, during
his long connection with tho National
Guard, of California and volunteer ser
vice, had. endeared himself to his com
rades therein by his strict and intelli
gent performance of duty, by his kind
ness and sympathy to and for all and bv
his unswerving integrity and friendship
under any and all circumstances." The
order also provides that the regimental
colors shall be draped and the usual
badge of mourning be worn for the period
of thirty days. ¦
.An order has also been Issued from the
headquarters of the Second Brigade, N.
& Vv; b J o^er of Brigadier Genera] R.
H. /W-nrfleld, in which tribute is paid to
the memory of Colonel Duboce. "He will
long be mourned," says the text, "by his
rnends and associates for his many noBle
qualities of heart'and mind. - He deserved
and received the greatest respect from
the community In which he dwelt." Flags
are ordered at half staff on all armories
of the Second Brigade. N. G. C, on Sun
<£>'• 'The brigade staff will assemble at
the California Hotel at 10 a, m. Sunday.
!n full uniform, and proceed . to the Me
chanics Pavilion, the members, to march
as mourners in the funeral procession.
_;The Phoenix Republican Club .met at
Scottish Hall last evening and appointed
John S. Daly and R. L. Cleaves a com
mittee to draft memorial resolutions In
honor of the late Colonel:
SOLDIERS WILL GUARD
THEIR COLONEL'S BODY
The Prettiest Yet
Are the shapes and finishes of our new
frames, just received. Exquisite designs
in oval, square and other odd shapes, fin
ished in dead black, grays and greens,
with the" daintiest gold-top ornaments and
lestoonings, fitted complete with guld
beaded mats to match, at Sanborn &
Vall's, 741 Market street. •
Hereafter boys who enlist In the navy
will not have to buy their uniforms.
<=ij=3HE Democratic County Central
Committee adopted at a meeting
j[ last night in the Native Sons' build-
Ing a call for a primary election, to
be held on Saturday, August 25, for the
election of delegates to the State" conven
tion. The call was adopted without dis
cussion or change from the form in which
it was presented by A. B. Magulre, chair
man of the organization committee.
The meeting was attended by but forty
three out of the 112 members of the com
mittee, but a hundred or more of the
faithful from the civil service ranks In the
City Hall were present.
By the plan embodied in the call the or
ganization committee of the County Cen
tral Committee will have the direction and
control of the primary, as well as of en
rollment in "Democratic primary election"
clubs, one in each Assembly district, to be
organized for the purpose of conducting
the election. Following is the call for the
primary:
Resolved, That on Saturday evening, August
25, A. l>., a primary election be held
In the city and county of San Francisco by the
Democratic party between the hours of 7:30
and 10 o'clock in each of the eighteen
Assembly districts In said city and county to
elect to the Democratic State Convention, to
convene in the city of San Jose on September
6, 1900, 115 delegates, as follows: Twenty-eighth
Assembly IHstrict, 5; Twenty-ninth, 6; Thir
tieth. 6; Thirty-first. 7; Thirty-second, 6;
Thirty-third. 7; Thirty- fourth, 8; Thirty-fltth,
6; Thirty-sixth, 10; Thirty-seventh, 9; Thirty
eighth, 7; Thirty-ninth, 7: Fortieth. 7; Forty
flrst, 6; Forty-second, 5; Forty-third, 4; Forty
fourth. 6; 'Forty-fifth. 4.
Resolved, That for the purpose of conducting
the election thtre be organized In each Assem
bly district a Democratic primary election club,
the membership of which shall consist of bona
fide Democratic electors who have heretofore
enrolled their names as members of the Bryan
and Stevenson clubs established in each c£ said
Assembly districts under the direction of the
organization- committee of the Democratic City
and County Committee of San Francisco and
such additional Democratic electors as may be
enrolled upon said primary club rolls, satd en
rollment of members and election of delegates
to the State convention to be under the direc
tion and control of the organization committee
of the County Committee, 'the enrollment to
take place on Tuesday and Thursday evenings,"
August 21st and 23d In each Assembly district.
Resolved, . That three members of the County
Committee .In each Assembly district be ap
pointed to conduct and supervise the enroll
ment and take charge-of the primary rolls and
at the close of the enrollment to deliver the
same to the organization committee of the
County Committee duly certified; that alpha
betical rolls be made therefrom for the elec
tion. .
Resolved, That all electors- who Intend to
support Bryan and Stevenson and who will sub
scribe to the pledge adopted by the State Cen
tral i Committee are invited to enroll In the
Democratic clubs.
Resolved, That the meeting: places for en
rollment be p.S' follows:
Twenty-eighth District — Armory Hall,
Second ajid ¦ Folsom streets, August 21 and 23.
Twenty-ninth — S2I Howard - street, August 21
and 23. Thirtieth— 1057% Mission street, August
21 and 23. Thlrty-Hrst— Teutonia Hall, Howard
street. : near Tenth, August 21 and 23. Thlrty
eecond — Central Hall, 530 Third street, August
21. i Thirty-third — Twenty- fourth and Folsom
streets, August 21 and 24, and Potrero avenue,
August 23. Thirty-fourth— 2131 Mission street,
August 21. and 1743 Mission street. August 23
Thlrty-flfth— 2S22 Mission street. Thirty-sixth—
Anderson Hall, Douglass street, between Twen
ty-third and Twenty-fourth, August 21. and
Falimount Hall. Chenery and Miguel, August
23. » Thirty-seventh— Phelps Hall, 325 Dovlsa
dero street, August 21 and 23. Thirty-eighth—
Powers Hall. ¦ August : 27. and 611 McAllister
street, August 23. Thirty-ninth— Saratoga Hall
August 21 and 23. Fortieth— Second and Point
Lobos avenues. August 21. and Franklin Hall
Flllmore street, near Bush. August 23. Forty
firft—Tilton Hall. Union street. Forty-second—
Golden Gate Hall, -¦ 625 .< Sutter street. ' Forty
third—California Hall, 620 Bush street. August
a and 23. , For ty-f ourth— Union and Powell
streets, August 21 and 23. Forty-fifth—Gari
baldi Hall, Broadway, between Kearny and
Montgomery streets. August 21 and, 23.
Committee Sets August 25 for the
Election of Delegates to
State Convention.
DEMOCRATS CALL
COUNTY PRIMARY
The Bear Club met at B'nai B'rith Hall
last night and perfected arrangements for
the big parade cf the organization to take
place next Thursday evening. The parade
will march to the Palace Hotel and there
be reviewed by the Republican State Cen
tral Committee and accepted as the offi
cial campaign drill corps.
Bear Club Will Parade.
On reaching the open air Jessen's
strength failed him, but willing hands
reached out, relieved him of his burden
and supported him to his home across the
street. The little crowd that gathered
around the burning building sent up cheer
after cheer as Jessen entered his home.
These peqnle say that 2S0 Iowa street,
"He Is there! I know he's there!"
screamed Mrs. Potting, "and If you don't
go and find him I wiil." She started for
the door, but Jessen lestrained her and
again entered the burning building. He
hurried to the lad's room and made for
the bed. As he was pulling aside the
coverlets In his search he stumbled over
the boy's foot. With all his latent
strength Jessen dragged the boy from be
neath the bed and with his unconscious
burden in his arms made his way slowly
downstairs. Another five seconds In th«
room in which the la<i fell would have
meant death to both rescuer and res
cued.
Jessen sprang forward and, throwing
his weight against the front door, burst
it In. Making his way to the staircase
that led to the room occupied by the boy
he hurried up and Into the room. The
smoke was stifling and the boy was miss
ing. Drawing his coat over his face he
hurried from the building only to be told
that the child must have fallen In some
other room. Back Jessen rushed into the
smoke and flames. A second search was
fruitless and now, almost overcome, he
decided to abandon the search.
At 1 o'clock yesterday morning Bernard
Kane, who - is not vet 10 years of age,
was startled from his slumbers by a sharp
explosion. He sprang from his bed only
to find his room a seething mass of blaz
ing oil. Frenzied with fear the little fel
low groped for the door, but before he
reached It the smoke and heat dulled his
senses and he fell to the floor and rolled
back under the bed. This saved his life,
for in an instant the Interior of his home.
2S7 Iowa street, was enveloped In flames.
Neighbors hurried into the night to sound
an alarm and as they gathered near the
burning dwelling an aged lady, Mrs. F.
Potting, who lives in the rear of the Kane
home rushed from the house screaming
that little Bernard Kane was In the
building. With frenzied motions she
pointed to the windows of the room ne
occupied, out of which the flames were
already springing toward the eaves.
THAT the charred body of little Ber
nard Kane Is not lying on a slab in
the Morgue is due alone to the he
roism of George Harold Jessen, an
attache of the United States army medi
cal supply depot, GG5 Mission street.
where Jessen lives, will In the future be
the scene of a merry time, for they will
call and pay him fitting tribute for his
heroic deed.
Shortly after the boy was taken from
the building the fire department arrived
and soon extinguished the flames, but not
before his resting place na d been licked
bare by the flre.
While some remained to see Jessen safe
ly home others carried the still uncon
scious form of the lad he had rescued to
the home of Thomas Neeson. on Minne
sota street, two blocks away. Dr. Simp
son was summoned to care for the boy,
who had fortunately escaped the flamea,
the bedding protecting him until his res
cue. Many neighbors lent their aid and
all night they worked over the lad. and
not until long after daylight did he show
signs of returning consciousness. Toward
noon he had recovered sufficiently to tallc
about his startling experience.
The fire was caused by the explosion of
a coal oil lamp. It is believed by the fire
marshal. Save for Mrs. Potting, .who
lives in the, rear of the dwelling, the boy
was alone when the flames broke out. His
mother is now In the East and his father.
Dominlck Kane, was away from home.
The damage to the building -will amount
to several hundred dollars.
Mr. Jessen is very modest about the
heroic part he played In saving the lads
life. He only did that which he believed
to be the duty of every man, he said, and
if the occasion rose again he would risk
his life once more.
There was a small sized circus at the
Democratic meeting In Silk^s Hall on last
Wednesday night. President H. J. Stafford
did not appear, as it is supposed he ex
pected there would be a noisy meeting and
' ho did not desire to participate. In his ab
fence the vice president. William Byrne,
occupied the peat of honor, and had the
plecwure of hearing William Bell tell
Thomas Curran what he thought of him.
Curran, it must be remembered, is an as
uirnnt for Senatorial honors from the
Nineteenth Senatorial District. As a thorn
in his side, he suspects that Bell Is not
his friend. After that meeting Curran
will no longer have any misgivings on this
pubj»ct. The meeting was delayed pend
ing: the arrival of Curran. who came in nt
9:30 o'clock ver> much affected by the in
fluence of the Bernal Heights foggy cli
mate. On his arrival he sought a side
show interview with Be!l. who. he said,
would lose his job in Golden Gate Park
unless Bell supported him In his tight
for a seat in the Senate. This made Bell
hot, and he lost no time in informing Cur
ran that he held his position in the park
through the good will of A. B. Spreckels.
nnd he (Curran) .or no other man could
oust him. This manly assertion on Bell's
part precipitated a small sized row, which
had the effect of breaking up the meeting
In good Kilkenny-cat style.
There Was Fun at Silk's Hall.
MARTIN KELLY and Phil
Crlmmlns, the Mint saloon
bosses, backed by Ilerrin of
the Southern Pacific, are
i treating the primary election
j cali of the Republican State Central Com
j mittee with derision, and attempting to
j constitute themselv.es the g-overning body
of the party and the autocrats of the
people.
Last night the Kelly and Crlmmlns
Congressional Committee of the Fourth
District adopted a cail for a convention
to nominate a Republican candidate for
Congress, and provided that the dele
gates to such convention should nominate
candidates for the Legislature in the sev
eral Assembly and Senatorial districts
embraced within the boundaries of the
Fourth Congressional District.
This was done in open contempt of the
official action of the State Central Com
mittee In directln" that delegates chosen
to the local convention In each county
should nominate the legislative candi
dates. It was done with the free knowl
edge that the Republican County Com
mittee of San Francisco, acting In line
with the suggestion of the State Central
i Committee, had called for a primary elec
tion to choose delegates to a local nomi
nating convention, and that the call for
that primary election clearly set. forth
that the delegates would nominate can
didates for the Legislature in the several
districts of San Francisco.
In open contempt and defiance of the
State Central Committee, the provision
holding that delegates for all the conven
j tions should be elected at one primary,
j Kelly and Crimmlns called for a primary
election to be held on a day apart from
that designated for the regular primary
of the Republican party.
An Unfair Scheme.
The scheme of apportionment adopted
by Keliy and Crimmlns last night is un
fair and in utter disregard of the rights
' of the people. It arbitrarily gives five
delegates to each Assembly district, with
out regard to the population of the dis
trict or to the number <Ak Republican
votes cast therein at the^fcist election.
The people are deprived dm just repre
sentation, inasmuch as a district casting
2000 Republfcan votes gets no larger rep
resentation in the nominating convention
than a district polling lOou Republican
votes.
The fair and equitable plans of appor
tionment adopted by the State Central
Committee and the county committee are
thrown aside in order to give the bosses
opportunity to perpetuate the power of
bossism.
The whole plan put forward by, Kelly,
Crlmmins and Herrin is so rank and revo
lutionary that the suspicion arises that
the Mint saloon bosses have engaged in
another conspiracy to betray the Repub
lican party in the interests of the Demo
crats.
Driven to anger and desperation over
the victory recently achieved in the Re
publican County Committee by the advo
cates of clean politics, the bosses have
adopted a plan to cheat the people and de
moralize the party. On the day that the
Republican State Central Committee met
at Golden Gate Hall to adopt a revised
call for a State convention Kelly and
Crimmlns ordered a meeting of the
Fourth Congressional District Committee,
At the meeting held then and there Kelly
moved that a committee, consisting of P.
A. Prendergast. A. Barnard and P. A.
Kearney, be appointed to prepare a call
for a Congressional District Convention.
The committee reported last night to a
meeting which was composed of .Joseph S.
Spear Jr.. P. H. Prendergast. James
Snook, A. Ruef, J. A. Hoey. W. T. Howe,
Xo Lieutenant Governor of New York
has served more than two terms since the
adoption of the present constitution In
1S46.
M. F. Taylor will speak at a Democratic
rally at Metropolitan Temple next Tues
day night. This will mark the opening of
the local Democratic campaign.
Will Open Democratic Campaign.
Democrats Indorse Bryan.
The Brian and Stevenson Club of the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District met at
Saratoga Hall last nipht and indorsed the
Democratic ticket. Among the speakers
were J. C. Quinlan. Eugene M. Deuprey
and R. P. Troy. There was a good at
tendance.
n«*?far5' to enumerate.
The foregoing :,*-.¦ arc sufficient to indicate :
that tin- primary election cannot be held or Its !
result Droperly ascertained or declared In the j
presort status nf affairs.
In the haste of adjournment of our lart '
ir.oetinK. and owing to the unnecessary length of !
the ro-poiution adopted — or prrhap* of exjirrss i
purpose — the committee omitted to provide for ;
the number or manner of ar'i«?ir.tmfr.t of this '
imp'Ttar.t sul-CTrcrnittee.
Were it not for the fact that under our by- j
laws another meeting ce;:H not be called be- i
fore ne?:t Saturday evening, and that thf> time j
thence intervrr.inff to the dale of the primary i
rhwrton aronUI be Bfcaokitely too short to Ji th? '
nectfgpary work of the committee. I thould ?=uk- '
pest that a special meeting of the entire Court? ;
Committee be called to take action in the J
i> remises.
In view, however, of the Impracticability of
:his suggestion and of the urgent necessity cf
having such a committee at work imnjediAtelv,
I respectfully request that under article III
• page 4) of the by-laws you forthwith appoint
the committee provided fnr by Faid call and
Deeeasary to ecrry out th* requirements nf said
call and the details of sild primary election.
And if not too rrepuir-iituou? on my part. I
V>eg to suggest that the committee to be ep
txdntrfl by you consist of eighteen members,
one from, each Assembly district.
Very sincerely your«.
A. SUEF.
IN order to carry out the plan of pri
mary election adopted by the Repub
lican County Committee last Saturday
night the chairman, Alfred Bouvler,
will appoint a committee to provide a
uniform system of making returns. The
jH'c«".''Fity for immediate action upon the
I'art of the chairman Is pet -forth In the
following communication: -•-*¦„
SAX FRAN'flSOO, August 15. 1900.
Mr. A. Bouvter. chairman Republican County
Committee of San Francisco— I x>ar Sir: I bejr
;,:.:¦: to call vcur particular attention to the
itmeniied call for a convention and ' primary
election,- adojted at the last meeting of the
Cotmtjr OqjnmlttM.
The original scheme having been changed by
amendment, eo that the delegation in the Coun
ty Committee for each Assembly district shall
tave full control, and the remainder of the
Resolution remaining unchanged, leaves unpro
vided for several matters of the greatest im
portance.
The call, ae now constituted, veets control of
the election In the r*>*i*ective Assembly dis
trict?, m the County Con-.mitteemen of the dis
trict, but also provides for a committee (num
ber and manner of epr>olntroent not specified).
»-ith important duties and functions ¦which can
in no was' be performed by the district com
niitteemrn, and without which, substantially,
the entire plan of the primary flection and the
1 rimary election itself mupt fail.
<-ther matters intrusted to such com
mittee bjr said plan are the following:
1. Procuring and rxovldlne ballot-boxes and
r^cfssary rflrsphernalia for the various election
booths.
2. Publishing the location of polling places
end th«» call tor primary election.
3. Eecatiag and supplying- maps and registers
as per call.
4. .Irpuing credentials to representatives of
fjiposing pets of candidates.
5. Formulating and isyuir.g general rules and
regulations applicable to all districts to secure
uniformity of procedure and Jairness of pro
ceedings.
(: Formulating rules and regulations for tally- j
!r.g, canvat.-ing and returning the votes of each
polling j^aee.
7. 1'rovidirg the necessary protection to all
I*-llin«r places and attending to other details, so i
that the j revision nt the call concerning pe.i- j
dllng of ticket.", toli'-iting of votes, etc., shaii be '
properly carried out.
?. The providing of general supervision of the j
jirimery election, the settlement of contests and ,
«>f grievances, the decision of questions of al- i
Jfged Irau.l. :
6. The remedying of any deficiencies or dlffi- 1
culties In ar.v district en the day of the pri- j
mary election.
10. Thi- reception and printing of all tickets to
be used nt xy-.e primary election, as required by i
aid call.
11. The recpirt of the election returns from j
the diFtri'MF and the canvassing and certifying !
thereof.
::. Many other incidental yet necessary de- i
tai's anl matters vhieh must occur to any on<;
roadinsr the i)!sn. and which I deem it un-
The call was then adopted. If further
amendments can be inserted to deprive
voters of their remaining rights the com
mittee will find a way to devise the plans.
That the call be adopted as read and that a
committee of four, consisting of P. H. Pren
dergast. Dr. P. A. Kearney, K. Barnard and A.
Iluef, be appointed as such with power to
amend the call as in their Judgment may seem
proper.
On motion of Dr. P. A. Kearney, sec
onded by J. A. Hoey*. the motion to adopt
the call was amended to read as follows:
A. Ruef directed the attention of the
members to the fact that the County Com
mittee, acting In harmony with Instruc
tions from the State governing body, had
provided for a convention to nominate
legislative candidates.
The section relating to the nomination
of Senators and Assemblymen provoked
some discussion. Advocates of the scheme
insisted that authority for the departure
was derived from the Republican Nation
al Committee.
Resolved, That the delegates from each of
the Assembly districts within the Fourth Con
gressional District at said primary election
shall be and they are hereby empowered and
authorized to meet In said Congressional Dis
trict convention and in said Assembly District
and Senatorial District conventions and nom
inate any and all candidates for public office
that are to be voted for by the qualified voters
of the district at the next general election for
which the nominations are made.
That the boards of election at each polling
place at the closing of the polls must canvass
the vote and inclose the returns together with
the ballots In an envelope furnished for that
purpose by the secretary of this committee to
the chairman or secretary of the Fourth Con
gressional District Committee, who will an
nounce the result and Issue credentials to the
delegates elected at said primary election.
Retolved, That for said primary election only
the printed precinct register used at the last
city election held in 1899 is to be used.
That said primary election should be held on
Saturday, August 25, 1900, between the hours of
10 a. m. and 3 o'clock p. m.
That the test to voters shall be, "Do you In
tend to vote for the Republican nominee for
Congress at the next general election?"
That the voting shall be by ballot and each
voter's name must appear on the precinct reg
ister as used within each district at the last
flection held within each district for the elec
tion of city officers.
• That the apportionment of delegates to be
elected from each Assembly district to said
Congressional District Convention shall be five
delegates to each Assembly district.
That there should be one polling place in each
Assembly district in said Fourth Congressional
District and a board of election for said polling
place shall be one inspector, two judges and
one clerk, who shall be appointed by this com
mittee.
Therefore, be It
Resolved, That a primary election be and is
hereby called by the Fourth Congressional Dis
trict Republican Committee of the Republican
party of the United States and of the State of
California for the purpose of electing delegates
to a Congressional District Convention from, the
several Assembly districts comprising said Con
gressional district.
Call for a Primary.
P. A. Kearney. H. Byrne, J. H. Nelson
and Jacob Levi Jr.
The Bosses' D«flance.
The following call was presented and
adopted:
The Fourth Congressional District Republican
Committee of the Republican party of the
United States and the State of California, for
the Fourth Congressional District of said State,
in meeting assembled in the city and county of
San Francisco, and In the Fourth Congres
sional District, State of California, on this
16th day of August. 1900, hereby adopts this
call for a Republican Conzressional District
Convention to be held on the 1st day of Septem
ber, 19C0, at-S o'clock p. m., in the city and
county of Sn.n Francisco.
That said convention shall consist of one hun
dred and fifty-live (155) delegates and all of said
delegates must be elected at a primary elec
tion at which all Republicans shall have an
opportunity to vote, to be held in each of the
Assembly districts comprising the Fourth Con
gressional District.
That the apportionment of delegates to said
Congressional District Convention shalt be five
delegates to each Assembly district within the
Fourth Congressional District and -which Is as
follows:
Dist. ; Xo. of Del. Dist. No. of Del.
Twenty-eighth 5 Forty-second 5
Twenty-ninth 5 Forty-third 5
Thirtieth 5 Forty-fourth 6
Thirty-first 5 Forty-fifth 5
Thirty-second C ' —
Thirty-third 5 Total 55
Thirty-ninth 5
That said delegates shall be elected at a pri
mary election by ballot and be an organized
assemblage of delegates representing the Re
publican party of the United States and of the
Fourth Congressional District of the State of
California and every Assembly district com
prising said Fourth Congressional District.
That a convention shall be held in every As
sembly district and every ! Senatorial district
within said Fourth Congressional District.
That said Fourth Congressional District Con
vention shall nominate a member of the Repub
lican party as a candidate for member of Con
gress for the Fourth Congressional District of
the State of California, to be voted for by the
voters of the district at the next general elec
tion, to be held on Tuesday. November 6. 1900.
That said Assembly District and Senatorial
District Convention shall each nominate a can
didate for member of the Assembly and mem
ber of the State Senate, to be voted for by the
voters of the several Assembly and Senatorial I
districts for which the nominations are made.
Republican voters throughout the city
arc d'.mandins that measures shall be
adopted to secure an honest election In
every voting precinct. Every Republican
voter Is entitled to vote once a,nd to have
his. vote honestly tallied. A resolute re
turning board, composed of men of lnte<
lipiTcc and integrity can exercise a good
influence. When Republican citizens are
assured that ballot-box stuffing, repeat
ing and the voting of absentees will not
be countenanced the Invitation to par
ticipate In the election of delegates to
the nominating conventions Mill not be
treated with derision. It Is in the power
of the County Committee to give to the
voters assurance of an absolutely fair
primary.
The articles governing the committee
c!ear)y give to the chairman the right of
action 1m the premises, but ae he does
not desire to act on his own responsibil
ity he consults a large number of com
mitteemen ami the majority of the com
mittee recommend the appointment of a
canvassing board. It is understood that
a committee of eighteen— one from eacn
Assembly district— will be announced 10
dav.
Scheme to Nominate Caindadates for
Legislature by a Congressional
Convention.
Republican County Committee Takes
Steps to Secure an Honest
Primary.
KELLY, CRIMMINS AND HERRIN
DEFY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17,, 1900.
Little Bernard Kaoe Escapes Death by Cremation
TUmroiwrfi the Prompt amid Brave Act nf
George Harold Jessen,
HERO RISKS HIS LIFE IN FLAMES
AND SAVES AN UNCONSCIOUS LAD
12
RESCUED AND RESCUER
AND THE SCENE OF THE EX
PLOIT.
"WITH
Good Time and Place to Day
Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
BRUSHES £* -BSggsf B b£hi
houses, billiard tables.^
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers. flourmlUs. foundries, laundries, paper!
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, at.*.
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, ate.
BUCHANAN BROS..
M. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For -the cure of ¦ GONORRHOEA. OLEET3,
STRICTURES and analagous complaints of the
Organs of Generation.
Prlca $l .- a bottle. For sale by druffglsts.
JR.MCNULTY.
HMIIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELlABf.KOLD
¦i- npeciiilistcurMPrivnte.Xervous, and UlooU Dis-
eases of ileti onhf. Book on 1'nvate Disease and
J\ ea.knesses of Men.free. Over20y > rs'«. xp< »rleMC«'.
Patients curedat Home. Terms rrasonable. Hours!)
totally :& 3oto8::»ev > «rs.Snn(ln vs. into li Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull.oraddress
IM5OSCOK 3*«XUI/rY. 31. 1>.
gQ}£ Kearny St., San .Francisco, Cal.
igSgk^ DR. Yr°^. G v:o °' Chinese Tea
E5£i^£?% and Herb Sanitarium 784-;s4
I Clay st.. cor. Brenham place
•fcfi J San Francisco. Cal. All diseases
fL* 7 cured exclusively by Chinese
\&» r >X^ herbs. Advice free. Hours, a
_>"EP9**sfcfc« to U a. m.. 1 to 3 and I to 9
f£A fy'iM? J*° Vhoin Xt May Concern:
rbW...h*&* Th i 3 ls t0 certify that x th( ;
undersigned, have been suffering from Chronlo
Rheumatism for" over three years, -which finally
grew so severe that about 7 months ago I was
utterly unable to walk. After trying everything
without receiving the sllnhtest relief. I was at
last induced to consult DR. WOXO WOO. who
after a seven-months' treatment, has now cornl
pletely cured me of Rheumatism. GEORGE
SCHERER. IV) Land-rs street.
The greatest value for the
i least money is a feature of
our house.
"IT ALWAYS
EXISTS."
Hi ¦¦¦¦.' ¦'¦'"•
lie Frisco Boys, Corner Kearny Street arid Union-Square Avenue.
MONEY-SAViNG sroKEa
140 Sixth St. PP ' roweI1 >-
. OAKLAND STORES.
1510 Seventh St. JsH It. Alameda.
B St., near <th. San Rafael.
A Big Premium (Hven With
Every Purchase.
"tat America Isporting Tea Ci
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
'[ We Are Giving
3 -"Premiums FREE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
A. W. LOUDERBACK,
Auctioneer.
Bale absolute -without reserve or limit.
AUCTION
TURKISH and PERSIAN
SW. Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts,
POSITIVELY LJST DAY!
REHEMBER.™?,**
ure the days, and the pries.
nrt is in 'cm..
is a small outlay, but its pur-
chasing power will do double
duty to-day and tomorrow.
WF HAUr added rnany
ww ej nnvL. new lines to
this great and successful Sale.
The JVeiv Curly Weave Blue
and Black Cheviots, m%de of
long fiber wool, so soft and
ftiecy.j The 'New Shades of
Fane/ Scotches in ihz new Her -
ringbone Weaves, shown only
by high-class tailors, and many
other colorings 1 o suit any taste.
YDII SftUfilA/ how we tailor
SUU AWUwY our c i otheSt
Every new kink of the tailor's
And elegance of these great
values cin only be appreciated
by a glance at our big windows;
truly
THE BEAUTY
IS HALF
SO CONVINCING
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. *^*.
t: The style we quote 1
H on Ladies' Underwear will f|
n warrant you buying of us. t]
H Best sewing — fine ma- H
§ I. MAGNIN & CO., I
» 840 Market St., opp. 4th, A
if JIaaufacta.e.s cf Bridal tad Infants' I