VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 93.
CALL BURKAI'. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Aug. 31.— The
administration is planning to incrpa.se the naval force under Admiral Re
mey In Chinese waters. It is known that the Navy Department recently
inquired into the strength of the toreign squadrons in Asiatic waters, and
found that the Unitr-d States forcp was even below that of China. There is
* reason to believe that the advisability itf adding to Remey's force has been con
sidered by the naval policy board, headed by Admiral Dewey, v.hich is now in ses
sion at Newport. Jr. a'eordar.e^ with a request from Admiral Dewey. Rear Ad
miral Eradforci. chief of the bureau of equipment, went to Newport four days ago
to confer with the board, and he returned to Washington last night. Admiral
Bradford declines to talk of the purpose of his visit. but it is stated on good author-
Sty that he particularly discussed the advisability of coaling stations i'n the event
of a general conflict. in reference to the Pacific Ocean. The colliers
Oacsar with 4&»0 tors. Scandia with ZV<ft tons and Saturn with 2700 tons are al
rrady on their way to China. Orders have been issued for the collier Southery,
with a coal capacity of 2000 tons, to be repaired "with all dispatch" at an expense
of S.y»,nrv). Repairs are also l.elng hastened on the colliers Nero, with a capacity of
«•'» tons: the Hannibal, which can carry 2500 tors, and the Justin, which has a
cargo capacity of 3000 tons. These vessels will proceed promptly to Asia and re
port to Admiral Remey.
"They will not d-Fcharge th*ir cargoes." said a high official this afternoon,
"but will remain attached to the fleet, ar.d should trouble occur they will be able
to transfer their coal supply to th" bunkers of the warships."
Thero are 22.000 tons of coai or. hand in Manila, 3CO0 tons at Guam and 10 915
tons at Honolulu. It may not be feasible, however, in case of conflict to reach
these coal piles, and the presence of the colliers will enable he American fleet to
etcam to any point it desires.
NAVflL FORCE IN CHINESE
WATERS TO BE INCREASED
CHICAGO. Aug. SI.— General Miles, who 1? In Chicago, regards It as quite
possible that a ger.tral conflict of the powers may result from the con
flitting interest? in China and he believes that an attempt on the part of
some of the powers to partition the Celestial empire among themselves
would be sufficient ground for th_- United States to resort to force. Gen
eral Miles also believes that the dismemberment of China would hold the pos
sibility of a great dnr.gor to the United States, in that the time might come
when the European nations would turn their covetous glances toward the
riches nf America and be tempted to combine against this country.
"I don't bellero that the acute stage of the Chinese cris'.s has passed," said
the general. "I believe that it is possible that the conflicting interests of the
powers vill yet bring on a general conflict, which will involve all the civilized
powers in the greatest war of modern tim^s. The danger arises from the
chance that some of the powers will attempt the dismemberment of the Chinese
empire. If the United States and Russia succeed in acting in harmony along the
lines of the reported agreement proposed between them it may result in a peace
ful outcome from the present situation."
"Do you believe that an attempt to partition China would 'result in a con
flict between the powers, general?"
"That Is my opinion."
"What attitude irould the United States adopt in that case, do you think?
"VWuld it fight?"
"I believe that St would have sufficient cause to fight," was General Miles'
response.
"So far as I can see. the most hopeful Indication is the chance that Russia
and the United States will agree to act together." he continued. "There is to
my mind, every rrapon to beiieve that Kuss'.a is actlr.g in good faith. Russia has
more to gain by the preservation of the integrity of the Chinese empire than she
hap by the policy of disruption. Fh<> has spent vast sums of money In the con
struction of the trar.s-Siberian railroad, the greatest enterprise of modern times."
GENERAL MILES PREDICTS
A GREAT WAR IN CHINA
BERLIN. Aug. 31. — German official telegrams announce that the German
forces In V> kin? occupy the northwestern portion of the city. The joint
proclamations of the ger.erals against plundering have thus far proved in
effectual. It Is reported that BOme 2),0"0 armed Chinese are about fifty
kilometer?: from Prkipfr. The German troops share in guarding the im
perial palace sn<i also bold the northwestern gate. A council of generals was
cal!ed for August 23 1
WASHINGTON. Auk. 21.— OUic'.als of the War Department are positive that
the soldiers of General Chalice's army took no part In the extensive looting
which followed the fail of the Chiner-e city of Tientsin. At the direction of Sec
retary Root peremptory orders were issued to military cftieem to exert every
riTort to prevent looting and to sevrelv punish disobedience of such orders. For
this reason and from reports which have come to the department the officials
are ccr.f.rirird in'the opinion that our men refrained from disregardlrg the orders
c{ their superiors. They think that the Chinese themselves are responsible for
much of The ril-agins ar.d disorder following the entry of the allies into the
city. There is considerable property In charge of our army at Tientsin for safe
keeping end protection.
LONDON, Sept. 1.— The Shanghai correspondent of the Times, wiring August
SO. «er.fls a report that an Imperial edict was recently Issued ordering Chauao
Shu Chlao, Commissioner of the Railway and Mining Bureau, and Hsu Tung,
pvardl.in of the heir apparent, to proceed south to investigate the conduct of the
Yar.trtse Viceroys, and that they have already started for Paoting F*u. The corre
spondent says that this rumor, if confirmed. Is undoubtedly serious.
"Germany's attitude toward the Chinese situation." says a dispatch to the
Times dated yesterday, "is causing much perplexity In Japan. The Germans at
Amoy having guaranteed life and property, the Japanese marines will now re
tire."
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. L— Official dispatches confirm the report of the oc
r?jj>ation of Tsitsikar. which leaves only Mukden to be captured In order to
place th* whole cf Manchuria in Russian possession. Apparently there is no In
tention to relax that hold. General Kouropatkin, the Russian Minister of War,
hss just ordered two batteries of Krupp puns to protect the Manchurian Rail
way. Eight new batteries of quick-firers will be distributed among the four
r.ew Siberian army corps.
From Shanghai Comes a Report of an Im
perial Edict Ordering an Investigation of
the Conduct of the Yangtse Viceroys.
Joint Proclamations of the
Generals of Peking Have
Thus Far Failed to Check
Plundering.
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 31.— The prospects for a clash between Russia and Japan in the
near future arp causing some uneasiness .in this port among merchants interested in the
Oriental and Siberian trade. The representative of one of the largest operators in that field
cabled to a Portland house four days ago from Port Arthur that war was imminent between
Japan and Russia. As this .would have interfered; with some business in view the Portland house
cabled back that the war rumor was discredited here? To-day a second cable was received from
Port Arthur reading as follows: "Cable of, 27th confirmed." War is now certain." As the sender is
iii very close touch with officials high in the Russian service much credence is given the report in
this city. -
Russia's Hasty Withdrawal
From Peking Would Speed
ily Cause an Open Rupture
Among the Powers.
It Is the Po ! !cy'of the United States to Pre
serve Harmony of Action in China, but
the Task Now Seems Most Difficult.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON' HOTEL. WASHINGTON*. Aug. 31.— An
early withdrawal from Peking by the United States, Great Britain,
Fraice. Japan and Russia may be anticipated, and it is not believed tr> be
probable that Germany and Italy would take the responsibility of re
maining alone. It Is the belief of the administration, however, that with
drawal from Peking at this time would be a mistake. Secretary Adee's note in
reply to the communication of the Russian Government declares that it is the
opinion of this Government that the purposes set forth in the note of July 3
can best be attained "by joint occupation of Peking unetor definite understand
ing among the powers until the Chinese Government shall have been re-estab
lished and shall be In a position to enter into new treaties with adequate pro
visions for reparation and guarantees of future protection."
What this Government desires above all else is harmony of action among the
powers. The President "dofs. not propose to be drawn into' any International
complications over China If it can possibly be avoided. The withdrawal of any
ene power from Peking would endanger such complications, and the United
States would at once recall General Chaffee and confine its efforts to the pro
tection of, Americans and their interests until such time as the powers might
be able to unite again upon a common line of action.
Russia has announced that the Russian Minister has been directed to re
tire from China and that Russian trocps will likewise be withdrawn. It is
the hope of the administration that Mr. Adee's note may influence the Russian
Government to reconsider this programme. It is hardly expected even In ad
ministration circles, however, that this result will be accomplished. Russia
will probably persist in her determination to leave Peking. That the United
States would consider the withdrawal of Russia as a termination of the concert
of the powers and as Introducing an element of friction, is shown by the state
ment in Mr. Adee's note "that any power which determines to withdraw its
troops from Peking will necessarily proceed thereafter to protect its Interests
in China by its own methods, and we think that this would make general with
drawal expedient." :*•.'" •
Whatever might be the attitude of other powers. Minister Conger and the
American forces would withdraw at once as the only means of avoiding seriou3
international complications.
France has already notified the United States, and presumably the other
powers, that she agrees with the position taken by this Government in reply
to the Russian communication. This means that France will also withdraw if
Russia carries out the programme she has announced. Definite declarations as
to the position of the other powers have not yet been received, but there are
Indication:-, that even Germany will be reluctant to take the lesponsibility of in
troducing discord by remaining in Peking if the others withdraw.
Copies of the reply to Russia have been cabled to Minister Conger and Gen
eral Chaffee, and there is good reason to believe that they have been directed to
follow the Russians or representatives of any other power that may leave Pe
king. At the same time they are to use every endeavor to secure harmony of
action by the various foreign Ministers and military commanders, with a view
to having all the Ministers and troops leave the Chinese capital simultaneously
if such a movement is decided upon. It is hoped that the other powers will adopt
the suggestion in Mr. Adee's note, and will instruct their military commanders
at Peking to confer together and act in concert.
The essential difference between the position of Russia and that of th«
United States is clear. Russia believes that the time has come for the powers
to evacuate the Chinese capital and allow the Emperor and Empress Dowager
to return and set up their government without any outside Influence. Ths
United States, on the other hand, believes that the powers should come to a
definite understanding for the occupation of Peking pending the re-establlsh
ment of the Chinese Government. It Is feared here that if the foreigners should
withdraw before securing provisions for reparation and guarantees of future
protection of foreigners in China that these results will be more difficult to ob
tain. The Chinese people, it is feared, will look upon withdrawal as a retreat.
A dispatch received by the Japanese legation here reports the information
contained in Mr. Conger's cablegram yesterday that the allied forces were to
parade through the Chinese Imperial Palace on August 2, This parade, follow
ing the retreat of the Chinese troops and the capture of the Imperial City, will
doubtless have a good effect in Impressing the Chinese with the power of the
foreigners. But it is feared that little good may result from this lesson, and
that much difficulty may be encountered in securing a satisfactory guarantee
from China if a considerable force of troops is not at hand during the negotia
tions. However this may be. It Is not thought probable that Russia will mod
ify her programme, and the early withdrawal from Peking and an open rupture
among the powers seems inevitable.
WAR BETWEEN RUSSIA AND JAPAN
DECLARED TO BE CERTAIN
WASHINGTON. Aug. 31.— A dispatch
from' General Chaffee at Taku gives fur
ther particulars regarding the wounJlns
of Lieutenant William H. Caldsron. Ninth
infantry, at Jioahlwu on Ausuat 24. It
WOUNDED BY A "SNIPER."
BERLIN, Aug. 31.-The German Gov
ernment is considerably embarrassed by
the joint proposition of the United States
and Itussia to withdraw from Peking and
to recognize LI Hung Chang as an inter
mediary. It was wholly unexpected here
that Russia would join the I'nlted States
in such a step. Count von Hulow. the For
eign Minister, considers the new situation
thus created so Important as to compel
him to abar.don the vacation trip he wa»
about to take. This evening the semi
official press expresses the views of tHe
Government in cautious terms.
A Foreign Oflke official made the follow
ing statement or. the subject: '<'"
•'Germany hAs not yet rnswered Rus
sia's request tl% withdraw from Peking.
The other powers do not regard the mili
tary situation there as precarious. As far
ns Li Hung Chany is concerned Germany
is ready to acknowledge him as China's
representative In p^ace negotiations if he
shows himself properly accredited, but as
to this feature of tie case nothing is as
vet known here." \
" The statement of th* London Time? that
n German bank is negotiating with Chan.?
Chi Tung, the Wooch^riK Viceroy, for a
loan of a million taelo flenied.
GERMAN GOVERNMENT.'
GREATLY EMBARRASSED
V0U WALDERSEE AT ADEN.
ADEN. Aug. SI.— Field Marshal Count
von WalfierfPC landed here to-dav and
was received by a jruard of honor of Brit
ish txoop*.
CHICAGO, Aug. 31— A Washington *pe
cJal to the Chronicle says: Telegraphic
Instructions were forwarded to General
ChaSTeo this afternoon to be in readiness
to move the American troops In Peking
to Tientsin and escort Minister Conger
and all other Americans out of the Chi-.
-ri«>et capital.
READY TO MOVE FROM
THE CHINESE CAPITAL
NEW YORK. Sept. l.-The Tribune this
morning prints the following from Li
"SHANGHAI. Aug. 21.-The withdrawal
of the rorciffn troops from Peking would
facilitate peace negotiations. No doubts
need bo entertained that I shall under
take vigorously to restore order, to pro
tect foreigners and punish and /u™ r f. ss
the Roxers. I.I HUNG CHANG.
LI HUNG CHANG
MAKES NEW PROMISES
"Memorandum' in , response -to the Russian
Charge's oral communication, made. on August
28 to the acting Secretary of State touching the
DurDosea of Russia. In China.
The ItuBBian Charge d'Affalres yesterday
afternoon .made to me an oral statement re-
Fpectlng Russia's purposes In China to the
following effect: That, ae already repeatedly
declared, Ituspin has no designs of territorial
acquisition In China: that, equally with other
powers now operating there, Russia has sought
the safety of the legations at Peking and to
help the Chinese Government to repress the
troubles; that. Incidentally to necessary de
fensive moasiires on the Russla-n border, Rus
sia has occupied Niuchwang for military pur
poses, and as s.wn as order Is re-established
will retire troops therefrom If action of other
jiowers bo no obstacle thereto; that the pur
pope for which the various Governments .have
oo-operatod for the relief of the legations in
Peking has been accomplished; that, taking
the position that as .the. Chinese Government
has left Peking there la no. need for her rep
resentative to remain". Russia' has directed the
Russian Minister to retire, with his personnel,
from China: that the Russian troops will like
wise be withdrawn, and .that when the Gov
ernment of China shall regain - the reins of
government and afford an authority with which
the other powers can r deal, and will exprers
a -desire to enter into negotiations, the Rus
sian Government will also name its represen
tative. Holding these views and purposes Rus
sia »>xpress2S hope that the United States will
shnre the fame opinion.
To this declaration our reply has been made
by the following' memorandum:
Telegraphic Instructions sent to the repre
sentatives of the United States in Berlin.
Vienna, Paris, London, Toklo and St. Peters
burg.
DEPARTMENT OF STATE,
WASHINGTON*. Aug. 29, l!>00.
Purposes of Russia in China.
was further advised to-day of the devel
opments in the situation, a compendious
statement of the points In the Russo-
American correspondence being cabled to
him for his guidance.
The text of the Russian proposal ana
the State Department's response follow:
Chinese correspondence, August 2S and 29,
1300. v-V-
WASHINGTON*. Aug. 31.-The
Russian note relative to the
withdrawal of Russia from Chi
na and the United States' re
sponse thereto were made pub
lir to-day by the State Department after
the Cabinet had fuily considered the ex
pediency of so doing. The correspondence
is unique in the history of diplomatic ex
change. It may be said to illustrate a
clever move by which the United States
Government again has assumed the leao.
In prescribing the policy of the powers re
specting the Chinese, trouble. This wao
accomplished by the State Dopartmeni
availing itself or the Russian note to ad
dress the powers with an Inquiry as to
their policies, an answer to which scarce
ly can be avoided.
Various meanings may be placed upon
the statements of the two principals to
this correspondence. Thus, on the one
hand, it may be noted that while Russia
announces a purpose to withdraw her
troops from China, still as to the occupy
ing force at Niuchwang n condition Is
attached that almost negatives the propo
sition as to that point. Respecting our
own attitude it appears that while believ
ing the best course to pursue Is to remain
in Peking our Government is still willing
to withdraw. Perhaps this means that if
there is to be separate action by the pow
ers in China the United States proposes to
deal with the situation with- a free hand.
It may be noted in connection with our
withdrawal statement that whereas Rus
sia proposes to withdraw from China, our
offer is to withdraw from Peking. A sig
nificant fact in that connection is that
General ChafTee, who is well advised of
the situation, having several days ago
been directed to prepare for. just such an
emergency as that precipitated by : the
Russian action, continues his preparations
for wintering the American troops in
China. Indeed, unless the men are afloat
and out of the Peiho within the next six
weeks they, are likely to remain in China
perforce, being- Icebound. General Charr.ee
"These are: To afford all possible protection
everywhere in China to foreign life and prop
erty; to guard and protect all legitimate for
eign Interests; to aid in preventing the spread
of the disorders to other provinces of the em
pire and recurrence • of. such disorders, and
to geek a solution which may bring about per
manent safety and peace to China, preserve
Chinese .territorial^ and administrative entity,
protect ' allf rights guaranteed by treaty and
LnttrnatinnaJ law to trlendiv Dowtri &ad uf>.
- "The present go<5d relation should be promoted
for the peace of China. While we agree that
the immediate object for which the military
forces. of the powers have. been co-operating,
viz., the relief of the Ministers at Peking, has
been accomplished, there still remains the
other, purposes which all the powers have In
common, which are referred to in the'com
munication of the Russian Charge d'Altalres
end which, were specifically enumerated In our
note to the power* of July 3.
° "So far as we are advised, the greater part of
China is at peace, and earnestly desires to pio
tect the life and property of all foreigners, and
in several of the provinces active and success
ful "¦ efforts to suppress • the Boxers have been
taken by Viceroys, to whom we have extended
encouragement through our Consuls and naval
officers.
"The Government of the United States re
ceives with much satisfaction the reiterated
statement that Russia has no designs of terri
torial acquisition In China, and that, equally
with the othtr powers now operating In China,
Russia has sought the safety of her legation in
Peking and to help the Chinese Government to
repress' the existing troubles. The same pur
poses have moved and will continue to control
the Government of the United States, and the
frank declarations of Russia In this regard are
In accord with those made to the United States
by th* other powers. All the powers, therefore,
having disclaimed any purpose to acquire any
part of China; and now that adherence thereto
has been renewed since relief has reached Pe
king, It ought not to be difficult, by concurrent
action through negotiations, to reach an amica
ble rettlemcnt with China by which the treaty
rights of all powers will be secured for the fu
ture, the open door assured, the Interests and
property of foreign citizens conserved and full
reparation made for wrongs and injuries suf
fered by them. '
CLEVER DIPLOMACY OF THE UNITED STATES
IN REPLYING TO THE RUSSIAN PROPOSAL
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. SI.— General
Linevitch, commanding the Russian
troops at the Chinese capital, reports
from Peking under date of August 20 thnt
the Russian detachment on the previous
day captured without loss the Imperial
summer palace. The Russian artillery
men have also unearthed at Peking thirty
cannon and many rifles. A large quantity
of silver was found at the Tsusg U Y*
men. —
TREASURE UNEARTHED
BY RUSSIAN TROOPS
YOKOHAMA. Ausr. 31.— General Tama-
Kuchi. commanding the Japanese troops in
China, reports that at a meeting of for
eign Ministers and commanders it was
decided to maintain guards at the Im
perial city, intrusting the south pates to
the Americans, while the Japanese hold
three others. It was also decided to com
memorate the occupation of Peking by a
march of the allied troops through the
imperial city August 28. Many of the
eunuch guards have left the palaco and
surrendered themselves. The inmates of
the palace have been assured that they
will be treated with every consideration.
Five companies of troops from the Japan
ese garrison at Tapiah. Island of For
mosa, started Tuesday for Amoy.
TO MAINTAIN GUARDS
AT THE IMPERIAL CITY
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 31.-Te!egrara 9
received here to-day from the capital of
the province of Amur confirm the previous
reports from General Grodekoff. com
mander of the Amur government an
nouncing that the Chinese sent messages
with a flag of truce to General Rennen
kampf. This occurred August 22 and Aug
ust 24. The Chinese declared they would
cease hostilities and in no case would,
make a further attack. General Rennen
kampf replied that he had no authority
to negotiate, and he called on the Chinese
to retire without offering any resistance.
9
CHINESE WEARY OF
HOSTILITIES IN AMUR
states that he was wounded by a sniping
shot while on patrol and sent to the gen
eral hospital at Tientsin.
"No obstacle In this regard can arise through
any action of the United States, whose policy
Is fixed and has been repeatedly proclaimed.
"VLVET A. AOKE, Actlns Secretary.
"Department of State. Washington. August
••You will communicate the foregoing to the
Mlnlot^r of Foreign Affairs and Invite careful
consideration er..l a res>i>onse "
"The Govorr.ment of the United States Is
much gratified by the assurance given by Rus
sia that the occupation of Kiuchwans Is for
military purposes incidental to the military
steps fcr the security oi the Russian border
provinces menaced by the Chinese, and that as
soon os order shall be re-established Rus3la
will retire her troers from these places If the
action cf the other powers be not an obstacle
thereto.
Knard for the world of the principle of equal
and Impartial trade with all parts of the Chi
nese empire.
"In our opinion these purposes could best be
obtained by*the Joint occupation, of Peking un
der a definite understanding between the pow
ers until the Chinese Government shall have
been re-established and shall have been In a
position to enter Into new treaties with ade
quate provisions for reparation and guarantees
of future protection. With the establishment of
recofmttlon of such authority the United States
would wish to withdraw Its military forces
from Peklns and remit to the processes of
peaceful negotiation our Just demands. We
consider. - however, that a continued occupa
tion of reklng would be Ineffective to produce
the desired result, unless all the powers unite
therein with entire harmony of purpose. Any
power which determines to withdraw its troops
from Peking will necessarily proceed thereafter
to protect Its Interests in China by its own
method, and we think that ihis would make
a general withdrawal expedient.
••\s to the time and manner of withdrawal,
we think that, in view of the Imperfect knowl
edge of the military ultuation resultlne from
tha Interruption? of telegraphic communication,
th? several military commanders ' at Peking
should be Instructed to confer and agree to
gether upon the withdrawal as a concerted
movement as they agreed upon the advance.
"The result of these considerations Is that,
until there la such general expression by the
powers for a continued occupation as to modify
the views" expressed by the Government of
Russia and lead to a general agreement for
continued occupation, we shall give Instruc
tions to the commander of the American forces
In Chlra to withdraw our troops from Peking
after the conference with the other command
ers as to the time and manner of withdrawal.
GROUP OF. THE REFUGEES FROM PAUTUNG-FU WHO FOUGHT THEIR
WAY TO TIENTSIN WITH THE WOMEN AND CHILDREN.
(From
PAUTUNG IS XOW BESIEGED BY A LARGE FORCE OF BOXERS, AND' THEIR CAPTURE OF THE
PLACE MEANS DEATH TO THE CHRISTIAN CONVERTS WHO SURVIVED THE LAST MASSACRE.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
The San Francisco CallTAKU, Aug. 2S, via Shanghai, Aug. 30.—
An intercepted lstter written by the Vice
roy »t Paoting Fu, who commanded at
Tientsin during the fighting there., com
plains that the Boxers are overrunning
the country southwest of Tientsin, par
ticularly the cities on the Grand Canal,
despising the officials, who at first coun
tenanced them, and looting and killing
the enemies of their organization and
fighting the Imperial troops.
The gates of Paoting-Fu are kept closed
and the people inside are suffering, the
boxers practically besieging the place.
The Viceroy reports that the Taotai of
the city of Tsangchau, on the canal, In
vited 2000 Boxers to a feast, and that
wfelle the Boxers were eating and their
weapons were stacked the. imperial sol
dlers, by his orders, fell upon them and
slaughtered all of them.
There is m^Tch; recrimination between
tho foreigners besieged in Peking and
the members of the relieving force. Of
ficers say that the besieged sent out
alarmist reports, and that the condition
of the foreigners was never one of such
extremity as the official dispatches rep
resented. The foreigners, they assert,
could have resisted indefinitely. The be
sieged accused (the general of timidity
and of exaggerating the Chinese oppo
sition. They think a much smaller army
might have made the march and relieved
them months sooner. ';•.-- C'£*
The looting of Peking proceeds indus
triously and openly. The officers of
every nation except the Americans ig
nore the repressive order, and all the
allies ridicule the Americana for their
abstention.
Missionary Green of the China Inland
Mission, his sister, wife and their two
children, who were for some time held
as prisoners by the Boxers * at Hsing
hanslen, near Paoting-Fu, were well treat
ed. A company of Chinese- Catholics
have hold a town near Paotlng-Fu for
three months against the Boxers and im
perial Uoops. The officials have offered
large sums for their capture.
NATIVE PAPERS SUPPRESSED.
HONGKONG, Aug. 31.— The acting Vice
roy of Canton has suppressed all the na
tive newspapers on the ground that they
have been publishing' false news detri
mental to the maintenance of peace.
GOMEZ DECLINES.
Refuses to Accept Nomination by the
National Party.
HAVANA, Aug. 31.— General Maximo
Gomez has declined to accept the nomina
tion offered him by the National party at
the Constitutional Convention. He says
he has always kept out of politics and
does not wish to enter now. The National
party did not join with the other parties in
a telegram sent to-day to President Mc-
Kinley, asking that the clause referring
to the future relations between the Uni
ted States and Cuba in the order calling
the Constitutional Convention be modi
fied.- . •
CONCORD. N. II.. Aug. 31.-Secretary
of State Hay. who has been in poor health
the most of the summer and who Is recu
perating at I^ake Sunapee. continues tr>
improve. The state of the Secretary's ,
health has caused his friends some un-_J
easiness. One week asro he was fpelins
quite ill. and Kince then has been in be<l
part of the time. He la able to be tip
again, and his physician states that theru
is no cause for apprehension concerning
him.
Grows Better Slowly.
Health, of the Secretary of State
HAY IMPBOVES.
Ministers.
LIMA. Peru, via Galveston. Auff. 31.—
The Cabinet crisis is ended. President
Romana has appointed the following Min
isters:
President of the Cabinet and Minister
of Home Affairs, Senor Enrique Coronel
Zesarra.
ailnlster of Foreign Affairs. Senor Fe
lipe Par da.
Minister of Finance. Senor Jose V.
Larrabure. . ' • ¦-¦-• * - -
Minister of Justice. Senor Pedro C
Olmechea. . __ ,_,»,.
Minister of Public Works. Dr. Miguel
A. Rojas.
Minister of "War, Colonel Pedro A. da
Canseco. j^___
Appointment of the Several
CABINET CRISIS IN
LIMA HAS PASSED
President Romana Announces the
From a Passenger on the Same
Transport With Him.
WASHINGTON*. Aug. 31. - Adjutant
General Corbln has received the follow
ing: |
CARTERSVILLE. Ga.. Au?. JD.-Oneral H?
C. Corbln, Adjutant General, Washington D
C: Please «ay to Surgeon General Sternbere
concerning th» reports of ill treatment of mv
eon. Captain Frank F. Crenshaw. that he made
no complaints of 111 treatment to the news
paper reporters. He reached Atlanta with a
¦mile en his face, with his heart full of Joy
to m»et again his loved ones and those near
and dear to him. I am satisfied that It was
his own desire t*> leave the Presidio at San
Francisco and come to Atlanta. The informa
tion as to III treatment came from a passen
ger on the same transport that brought my non
from Manila. I will write a letter mora fully
concerning the statement of this passenger
The statements or 111 treatment attributed to
my son were made by another to a newspaper
reporter aft»r my son's lips were closed by
the Icy hand of death. Like a true soldier he
bora his sufferings without complaint.
T. C. CREXSHAW.
Story of His Hl-Treatment Came
CAPTAIN CRENSHAW MADE
; NO PERSONAL COMPLAINT
tension between the Roumanian and Bul
garian Governments, due to the demand
of the former for the suppression of the
Macedonian revolutionary committee, a
frontier conflict took place yesterday be
tween Roumanian and Bulgarian peasants
at Verciorova. a few milc« from the cele
brated "iron gate' of th« Danube, on the
Roumanian side of the stream.
Two Bulgarians wertf killed and many
of both parties were pounded.
COLOMBO. Ce~!on, Auir. 31.— The United
States collier Ca,i»r. *hlch Is on her way to
the American fleet ii^Chlnese waters, has ar
rived here. /
CONFLICT ON THE
ROUMANIAN FRONTIER
Two Bulgarian Peasants Are Killed
and Many of Both Parties.
Are Wounded.
VIENNA, Sept. l.-As a result of the
Denver Is Selected as the City
Wherein to Hold the Session
Next Year.
SARATOGA. N. T.. Aug. 31.— The Amer
ican Bar Association concluded Us twen
ty-third annual convention with a brief
session to-day.. The reports of the com
mittees on uniform law and law report
ing and digests were submitted and adopt
ed. Public acknowledgment was made of
the courtesies extended to the American
Bar by the British Bar at a banquet given
in London early in the summer.
The following officers were elected:
PreMdent— Edward Wetmore. New Tork.
Secretary— John Hinckley, Baltimore.
Treasurer— Francis Rawle, Philadelphia.
Executive committee— The president, secre
tary and treasurer and IT. M. Rose, LJttle
Rock, Ark.: William A. Ketcham. Indianapolis.
Ind.; Henry St. Georee Tucker. Lexington. Va.;
Rodney A. Mercur, Towanda. Pa., and Charles
F. Libbey. Portland, Me.
The association held its annual banquet
at the Great Union Hotel to-night. Cov
ers were laid for 170. The association will
meet in Denver next year.
NEW OFFICERS CHOSEN
BY THE BAR ASSOCIATION
Irord Koberts Reports That the Boers
Are Scattering and Make But
Slight Resistance.
LONDON. Auk. 31.— The following dis
patch has been received at the War Office
from Lord Roberts:
"BELFAST. Aujr. ?.1.-About IROO British
prisoners released at Kooiteedacht have
reached French and Pole-Carew. They
are badly clothed and some are said to
be half starved. Ambulances ore out pick
ing up many of the sick and weakly ones.
The captured officers arc reported to haVQ
been taken to Barberton. Some of them
escaped, including the Karl of Leltrim
and \ isrount. Knnipmnre. Th<r prisoner*
report that Kniper. Steyn. Botha, Lucas
Meyer and Fchalkburger left Nooitge
dacht August 23 for Nelspruit. The Boers
seem to be scattering."
Lord Roberts, under date of B*lfas*
August 29, reports to the War Ofllce as
follows:
"Buller telecr?phs from Helvetia that
only a few of the enemy are there and
that this mornlnsr French's and Pole-
Carew> forces will move on their fiar.k
The advance of Dundonald"s mounted
troops on their front caused them to
abandon a very strong position. The
country thus clearer! our troops move<jj.
eastward. Tho South African Light
Horse, after little opposition, entered
Watervalhoven and drove the remnant of
the enemy through the town.
"French's column reached Doornhoek
overlooking Watervalondcr, with slight
opposition. Dundonald. -with Strathcona'=?
Horse, is further, near Nooitgadacht. \V«s
have occupied Watervalhoven and Water
v=ildon. Bullcr reports that Nooltg.id icht
!.-* apparently deserted, except by British
prisoners; who are passing In a continu
ous stream up the line toward Watf-rval
'jnri?r. No Boers are visible. The r.ativ«a
import that Kruger and ell tht com
rrandaes loft yesterday for Pilgrim 1 * Rest.
"French reports the railway intact as
far as Watervalonder. except for a small
brldee near the station, which has been
destroyed."
KRUGER HAS STARTED
FOR PILGRIM'S REST
The Department Is Preparing Ad
vertisements for Contracts
With Much Care.
WASHINGTON. At'p. Sl.-The office of
thf Assistant Povtmastor Ocneral is pre
)-?r;nK the ppcor.J usual annual a-lvcrtise
jnpnt. •which will bo given out Septemhpr
35 next, for th" carri??* of mail?: on «tar
routes. This advertisement 'will bo of un
usual importance, as it is d^sijrned to
rhprk an nHfg^ii propose combination of
Ktar routp bidders, ami for the first time
¦will require as a puarant^e of satisfactory
performance of service that every accept
ed bidder, whatever may 'be hi? residence
at the tim*» of bidding, must asrree to live
on or fontljruous to th«» route and person
ally superintend th«- performance of ser
vice.
This peneral lettir.p will occur In the
M>w Encland States. New York. Pennsyl
vania. New Jersey. Delaware, Maryland,
Virginia and West Virginia.
Tt recently has come to the notice of the
e'epattment that certain speculative bid
ders will seek to secure a number ot
routes by indurjr.jr sr.mo local attorney or
«vthfr person in each of the counties to
allow the us<« of his name as a bidder foi
n consideration. The law. however, pro
hibit? Bny si:h-kttine of contracts without
ihf consent of the Postmaster General.
-=. — «.
NEW YORK POLICE ARE
CONDEMNED BY NEGROES
Strong Resolutions Adopted by the
Afro-American Council at
Its Session.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Au«r. 21.— The
Afro-American Council concluded Its ses
fiens to-day, the lart feature being an
address by Booker T. Washington, who
wap received with KT»*at applause. H«»
conflried his remarks almost entirely to
educational eugjjeptinns. Philadelphia
was chopen a? the next place of meeting,
in August, 13M. The following resolutions
were adopted:
Bwrtmd. That thlB council now !n ff^jtlon »t
Irxiiar.apoUn not only «r<prov«-» «>ut herrw'.ih
f*ti<5» rrwtlncs to our brethren In N">«- York
« "I t y and hlJs th»m godfpred In thMr n:sr:ly
fi^ht acalnrt nvb law and police ir.Juftire.
KfolTTd firrthcr. Tl.at the thanks of tM«
oounof] h* h"r»with t«i£«tH to Ih» Journals <-.:
N«w Vnrk. who. without ar.v r<*Kar<l to p£rty
¦jniiBtlOB, cnniifmn In cnmps«un"4 terms the
•nh-unin conduct of th* Taffimany poi'remtn.
*-hi. instead of giving protection to floeinr and
<!ef«i*elp«« mm, won-.«-n and chit.1r»n of th«>
rie«rro r«r*. »-pr» found to be among the chief
ONE OF ANDREE'S BUOYS
IS FOUND IN NORWAY
Message From tbe Balloonist, Dated
July 11. Tells of the Explor
er's Progress.
STOCKHOLM. Aug. 31.-Captain Gren
rtahl telegraphs the following message
here from Skjervoe, Norway:
" 'FRKNKEL.
" 'Above the clouds fine; 7:45 Greenwich
rncan time." "
"Andree's buoy No. • 4 has been* found
here and contains the following:
" 'July 11. 10 p. rn.. Greenwich.— Our
voyage pone well so far. Are now at an
altitude of 250 meters. Original direction
north, 10 degrees east: compass undevla
tion. Later north, 4 degrees east, com
part undeviation. Four carrier pigeons
dispatched. They are flying west. Wo
are now over ice, which is very rugged.
"Weather splendid the whole time. In ex
cellent" spirits. AXDREE.
•' 'STRINDBERG.
TO STOP COMBINATIONS
ON STAR POSTAL ROUTES
He lives at Walnut Hills, Cincinnati.
John K. Cowen, the president of the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, is a native
of Maryland and about 60 years of age.
He was a lawyer by profession and a
member of Congress from the Fourth
Maryland District, when he was called
to succeed Charles F. Mayer as president
of the B. and O. R. R. He had been con
nected with the road for a number of
years in a legal capacity and while he
could not save it from the disaster which
had for some years been Impending, he
was made co-receiver with Oscar G. Mur
ray, and within two years they succeeded
in putting it on good financial footing, in-'
teresting Marshall Field, J. J. Hill, Nor
man n. Ream and other moneyed men In
the property. On the reorganization In
April. 1899, Mr. Cowen was unanimously
elected president, with Mr. Murray as
vice president, which action was repeated
at the last meeting of the directors.
BOSTON. Aug. 31.-Lucius Tuttle. presi
dent of the Boston and Maine Railroad,
who is among those mentioned as a pos
sible successor to C. P. Huntlngton, was
born in Hartford, Conn., in 1846. He was
graduated from the High School In his
native city. Mr. Tuttle, in 186S. entered
the employ of the Providence and FishklU
Railroad as a clerk. He soon became gen
eral ticket agent of that road. In 187S
he was appointed assistant general pass
enger agent of the New York and New
England. In 18S5 he was made assistant to
the general manager </fc the Boston and
Maine. Five years later he was general
manager of the New York, New Haven
and Hartford and resigned that office to
accept the presidency of the Boston and
Maine In 18W, which position he has held
ever since.
»
LOCAL OFFICIALS YET
FAVOR H. E. HUNTINGTON
The prevailing feeling among ¦ the
Southern Pacific officials over yesterday
morning's news was one of surprise. As
to who is to be the nominee of the Spey
ers they all profess Ignorance. Henry E.
Huntington has been first choice in the
yellow building, and many will not be
lieve that the vacant throne of office will
not be yet occupied by him. • V"
General Superintendent Jerome A. Fill
more, who ' returned from Ogden last
night, (lid not desire to have anything
to say on the matter, claiming that he
was as entirely in the dark as anybody
"else.
W. H. Foster, assistant general super
intendent, said: "I do not know any
thing about the matter beyond what I
have read in the newspapers. I certain
ly thought, and so did my colleague, that
H. E. Huntlngton would be the next pres
ident of the road."
T. H. Goodman, general passenger
agent, is inclined to believe that Hunting
ton will still be appointed to assume con
trol of the Southern Pacific, with the
Speyers* nominee as an assistant. "I
think that Huntington will look to the
general I management," said Goodman,
"with possibly an assistant of Speyers'
choosing to attend to details. This would.
T think, produce excellent results, and I
should like to see some such course
adopted." .;,-?::
Thomas' friends were inclined to discredit
it.
Or. the Stock Exchange and throughout
"Wall , street generally the discussion of
Southern Pacific possibilities resolved Into
a mere guessing contest. Practically
every prominent railroad man East of
the Mississippi River was mentioned as a
probable Speyer selection.
Chairman William Salomon of the Balti
more and Ohio, who was formerly a part
ner in the firm of Speyer & Co. and who
was supposed to represent the Interests
of that house and its friends in the Balti
more and Ohio, was generally spoken of.
Mr. Salomon was not in town and no one
at his office has any .knowledge of any
Southern Pacific matter.
Presidents Callaway of the New York
Central, Fowler of the Ontario and West
ern. Newman of the Lake Shore. Trues
dale of the I.ackawanna and Baldwin of
the* Long: Island Kallroad were promi
nently mentioned. Even President Cas
satt of the Pennsylvania came in for a
share of the rumors. Most of these men
denied the stories emphatically.
President Callaway, when seen nt his
summer home at Spring Lak<\ N. J., de
clared that the presidency of the South
ern Pacific had not been offered to him.
and therefore he could not have accepted
It.
President Truesdale of the T^ackawanna
said: "You cannot deny the report too
emphatically; so far as T am concerned
there is Absolutely no truth in it."
President Baldwin of the Long Island
alpo denied that he knew anything of the
report 1 connecting his name with tho
Southern Pacific.
Charles II. Tweed, second vice president
of the Southern Pacific, denied all knowl
edge of the project to select an outsider
to succeed Mr. Huntlngton. He was asked
If he had heard that Mr. Ingalls might be
asked to take the place, and said:
"Oh well, if they've got it all fixed for
Mr. Ingalls "to go In that settles it. But
I have heard nothing of It."
Mn Tweed denied the story printed in a
morning newspaper purporting to give the
results of an appraisal of Mr. Hunting
ton's estate. ' He said no appraisal had
yet been made.
Careers of Candidates.
Melville Ezra Ingalls has been one of
the most prominent figures in Eastern
railroad circles for the last fifteen years
He wa3 born at Harrison. Maine. Septem
ber fi.. 1842: graduated at Bowdoin College,
and in 1S«3 at the Harvard Law School.
Soon after he removed to Boston and be
gan to practice his profession. In 1S67 he
was elected to the State Senate. In 1870
he was elected president and the follow
ing year appointed receiver of the Cin
cinnati and Lafayette Railroad, and by re
organizations in 1S73 and 1SS0 put its suc
cessor, the C, I. St.- L. and Ch.,on a sound
footing, consolidating it with other roads
to form the C. C. C. and St. L. or "Big
Four" system, of which he was elected
president. In October, 1SS8, he was made
president of the C. and O. R. R. Company.
Last year Mr. Ingalls wp.s Invited to be
come the arbitrator for the Pennsylvania,
the. Vanderbllts and the Morgan railroad
interests at a salary 6t $7&,000 per year.
NEW YORK. Aug. 31.— Wall street
was both astonished and puzzled
to-day by the announcement made
In The Call's special London cable
that the Speyer interests have de
cided to put a prominent Eastern railcoad
official not now identified with the system
in the place of the late Collis P. Hunting
ton as president of the Southern Pacific
Company. Tho surprise that neither H.
E. Huntlngton nor Charles II. Tweed, the
present vice presidents of the company.
Is to be chosen for the position was not
greater than the Wall street anxiety to
discover -Ihe name and position of the
man who has been selected.
Speyer & Co. and other Interests Identi
fied with the Southern Pacific manage
ment, however, refused all information on
this subject, maintaining silence as to
what the directors are likely^to do at their
meeting next week. Nor could any In
formation be obtained among the larger
bankers, all of whom denied knowledge of
Southern Pacific plans.
James Speyer refused to make any more
definite statement than that which was
quoted in The Call. When seen at his of
fice he said:
"The new president of the Southern Pa
cific has not been elected yet, and until
he is I do not care to mention names. The
directors will determine who he shall be.' 1
Among well posted railroad officials
President Melville E. Ingalls of the Bis
Four and Vice' President Oscar G. Mur
ray of the Baltimore and Ohio were con
sidered men upon whom the Southern Pa
cjjic presidency v. - ould most likely bo con
ferred. The consensus of opinion was thav
Mr. Murray, who is a practical operating
railroad man and who has wide experience
in all parts of the country, was the one
who had been relected by the Speyer lnter
eFts.
In a telegram from Williamsport. how
ever, to-night Mr. Murray killed the ru
mors makins use of his name. He said:
"Your telegram is the first intimation I
have received of any rumor about the
Southern Pacific. So far as my name is
concerned there is nothing in it.','
The theory that President Tngalls hafl
been chosen to succeed Mr. Huntington
could not be either confirmed or denied.
Mr. Ingnllp. as executor of the Chesa
peake and Ohio and the Cleveland. Cin
cinnati. Chicago and St. Louis systems.
has always been a "Vanderbilt" man, but
his Chesapeake and Ohio connection"
brought him In touch with the Huntington
interest through their Newport News
shipyard project. He Is a practical rail
road man and was chiefly responsible for
the liberal expenditures of money through
which the two roads of which he was
president were put In excellent physical
Mere Guessing Contest.
Some time ago Mr. Ingalls withdrew
from the Chesapeake and Ohio and since
then rumor has been busy announcing his
retirement from the Big Four system.
President E. B. Thomas of the Erie was
also spoken of In railroad circles as , a
possible Speyer candidate for the South
ern Pacific executive chair. This rumor
could, not be positively denied, but Mr.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PROMINENT RAILItO AD PRESIDENTS MENTIONED TO SUCCEED HUNTINGDON.
Sneclal Dlsnatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 31.— Richard Croker
took the Bryan end of the heaviest elec
tion bet that has been recorded so far in
the campai&n when he wagered $20,000 to
day apalnst $50,000 wrt.h Louis "W. Wormser
that the Democratic National ticket would
be elected. «- /
As Mr. Croker Is not in the habit of
making: wafers unless he thinks there Is
a good chance of winning them news of
his plunge on Bryan caused a sensation
amone the few who were In the secret.
It was known that Mr. Croker had pre
dicted a plurality of 80,000 for Bryan In
Greater New York, but It wao supposed
that he had given this figure merely for
campaign effect. That he was willing to
back his confidence in Bryan's strength
with cash was a surprise to mary per
sons who have regarded McKinley s elec
tion as practically a foregone conclusion.
Mr. Wormser had already wagered a
larce sum upon McKinley*s success at the
sarr.e odds of VA to 1 that governed the
waper made yesterday. He placed $20,000
against $8000 on August 23. Of this sum
$10 COO went to cover J400O put up by L. A.
Cooper of the firm of Cooper. Cramp &
Beadleston. The name of the person w*no
advanced the other $4000 of the Bryan bet
was withheld. The amount of Mr. \Vorm
ser's wagers Is estimated at $200,000.
Mr Wormser had been offering to take
more wagers of the same character and
the odds proved too tempting for the
Tammany chief.
jlr Croker's name does not appear,
however. In the transaction, the matter
having been arranged through a firm of
Takes Banna's Place.
NEW YORK. Aug. SI.— Senator Scott
will be in charge of th- Republican head
quarters while Chairman Hanna is in Chi
cago. Perry S. Heath now in Chicaeo.
will return and remain here until Mr.
Hanna comes back. Franklin Murphy.
the New Jersey member of the National
Committee, will be at his desk at head
quarters here on his return in a few days
from Europe. Sub-Chairman Manley will
be in Maine until the middle of Septem
ber. -V-V^'-.- ' ':'.
Bryan Goes to South Bend.
LINCOLN. Neb.. -AUR. 31.— Mr. Bryan
left here at 6 o'clock to-night over the
Burlington for Chicago on his way to
South Bend. Ind.. where he will speak to
morrow evening. No member pf nis lam
llv accompanied him and only a Tew
friends were at the station to bid him
good-by. Mr. l'ryan is In good voice and
his health is excellent.
Louis W. "Wonnser, Who Has Al
ready Wagered $200,000, Takes
the McKinley End Against
the Tammany Chief.
Places $20,000 Against $50,
000 That the Nehraskan
Will Win.
CROKER MAKES
A BIG BET ON
BRYAN'S CHANCES
INDIANAPOLIS. Angr. 2L-"In my opin
ion there will be a strike In the anthra
cite region of; Pennsylvania and It will be
the biggest that the United States has
ever known," eald President John Mit
chell of the United Mine "Workers* Union
of America to-day.
'"We have formulated our demands for
an advance of about 20 per cen'c In wagrea
and the removal of certain conditions that
exist In the anthracite region. Principal
among these is that tho operators In deal-
Ing with the miners establish 330O pounds
ns a tor. and in selling coal sell 2000 pounds
for a ton.
"If the strike Is ordered I believe that
140.UOO men will com© out. Of course. 1 do
not mean that these men ¦will lay down
their tools at once, but a strike spirit 1=j
like a war spirit, it grows continuously
and when once part of the men are out
In an effort to better their condition the
others will quickly follow.
"I do not know Just what percentage of
the anthracite miners are in the mine
workers' organization, but I firmly be
lieve that 73.000 men will quit the first day
our men are ordered out."
LONDON". Ky., Aug. 31.— The.mlr.ers In
the entire Jelllco district will quit work
to-day, demanding an advance In wages.
Several thousand miners are affected.
LEAVEXWORTH. Kans.. Aug. 31— Sir
hundred coal miners struck to-day for 90
cents a ton. They received TS cents undT
last year's contract, which expired to-day.
The operators say th->y cannot accede.
Conferences are belnsr held.
WINNIPEG. Manitoba. Ansr. 31.— Th*r«»
may be serious trouble with Canadian Pa
cific conductors. Two conductors on the
southwestern branch who refused to givs
up their equlpmenta when requested bv
officials have been suspended. Other con
ductors are lndijmant and say they wil'
stand by th<fse suspended.
CARDIFF. Wales. Auc. 31.— A meetfnir
of the strikers at Cardiff to-day con
firmed the action of their committee In
a^reelnp to a resumption of work th'<»
company having acceded to the demands
of the strikers. About 50,000 colliers went
to work this morning 1 .
Mine-Workers Ask That a Ton Be
Hade the Same to the Tollers
as to the
Buyers.
President of the Union Says
100,000 Men Will
Quit.
ANTHRACITE
MINERS MAY GO
ON A STRIKE
WASHINGTON. Aug. "l.-The following
cablegram was received to-day by the
Marine Hospital Service:
"GLASGOW. Aup. 31.— The local Board
rf Health declares Glasgow infected with
plague. Eleven cases and one suspicious
case in the hospital to-day. .,
"TlIOMAh.
GLASGOW. Scotland. Aug. 31.-Pa?sed
Assistant' Surgeon A. R. Thomas of the
Vnited States marine service, who is now
«r. this city, will Investigate the bubonic
plague outbreak here and take the neces
f-nrv precaution* in regard to outbound
vessels although he has not yet received
instructions from Washington regarding
The imposition of quarantine on Glasgow
vessels arriving at American ports.
There has been no increase in the num
ber of cases of the plague in this city and
r.o undue alarm as to the Fpread of the
disease is felt. The authorities are noting
v.ith promptitude and are confident of
confining the outbreak within Its present
LONDON. Aug. SI.— The port authorities
nf Liverpool. Southampton and elsewhere
have ordered the strictest inspection of
vessels from the Clyde, and the prices of
iron have hardened in expectation that
Spain will immediately enforce a cjuar
nnt<n«» acainst Glasgow, which would seri
«.uslv interfere with the Scotch steelmak
ers br delaying the receipts of Iron ore.
NKW YORK, Aug. 31.-Dr. A. B. Dotjr,
health officer of the port of New York.
Faid to-day that hereafter all vessels from
'"Ilastrow in this jiort would V>e detained
at quarantine for a period of twelve days
from their embarkation.
¦'This length rf time." paid Dr. Poty.
"is the maximum period of Incubation.
As there are only two passenger lines ply
inK between this p^rt and Glasgow, the
work will be simplified. This disinfection
will depend largely upon the character of
the passengers. Most of thrm merely £0
to Glasgow for the purpose of embarking.
Th»y hurry Throutrh the city and are little
exposed to the plague.-
United States Marine Surgeon
Thomas Reports That He Will
Hake Provisions Regard
ing Outgoing Ships.
Glasgow Declared Infected
by the Local Beard
of Health.
AUTHORITIES
TAKE STEPS TO
ABATE PLAGUE
. c r»olal Pi?ratch to The Call,
OMAHA, Aug. 3!.— A report reached
Omaha this morning that the bandits
v.ho robbed the Pfuiflo express car at Tip
ton. Wyo.. Wednesday night, had been
overtaken by Marshal HadseU and posse,
and that a terrific battle ensued, in which
one robber and one deputy were seriously
wounded. ; :•? ¦ :. ¦:¦ ¦¦.
The railroad people this evening were
unable to verify the report, but they said
that Ocneral Manager Dickinson wired the
headquarters officials that the officers
were in hot pursuit of the robbers and
h»? felt confident they would be overtaken
before nightfall. However, Mr. Dickin
son said nothinp about the battle report
ed early In the day.
Superintendent R. G. Patterson of the
Pacific Express Company made a vehe
ment .denial of the story that the express
<ar safe contained flOO.OOO. He exhibited
the way bills, covering tlio contents of the
safe and every bit of freight in the car
that was wrecked.
Sai.l Mr. Patterson: '"I figured up the
amount of money in the packages stolen
And state positively and unreservedly that
the amount was less than $lf*). "There
were five packages of Jewelry in the safe,
but we have no means of knowing the
value of the content* of these packages.
I do not think it was very prreat. The
wreckage is the greatest item. Freight
*nd rolling stock damaged incurred a loss
• •f about $4<«>rt.
"There is no doubt that the men
will b«» captured. I saw a. telegram from
Ueneral Manager Dickinson thi? after
noon In which tho latter expressed great
confidence that the men would be run to
earth in a few hours. The bandits have
been tracked toward the mountains of
Eastern Utah and Northwestern Colorado
a locality whi».-h they have infested for
pome time. They are known to be armed
with Winchesters. From the number of
men now se^rchine for the outlaws it
would seem to be impossible for them to
elude their pursuers, who are determined
men. When they do meet it will mean a
pitched battle to the death."
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. Aug. 31.— A report
has reached the railroad that tbe posse
In pursuit of the four bandits who dyna
mited and robbed the 1'ninn Pacific ex
press train at Table Rock. Wednesday
night, has them surrounded in a wild spot
in the Bad Lands, in Southern Wyoming
known as the -Hay StackB." and that
they cannot escape. The robbers are
known to be wcil armed and if they are
thoughtful enough to supply themselves
with food it may he many days before
they can be starved nut . f their hidinp
place. News of an exciting nature is
looked for at any hour.
Are Being ? Hard
Pressed. •
Railroad Officials Deny the Rumor,
but Assert That the Outlaws
Been Killed.
Deputy Marshal and a Train
Robber Said to Have
REPORT OF A
PITCHED BATTLE
WITH OUTLAWS
• — «
Cabinet Decides to Aid the Destitute to Leave tlhe
¦ Country, While Indians Also Will Be
Given Assistance
WASHINGTON. Aug. 31.— At »h«
regular rahlnH meeting to-day
It was decided that the War
Prpar'mont rtiould Bend a trans
port to Care Nome to bring
t>sck fwh of th» min«rs as are penniless
and liable to endancr tl:e public welfare
there this winter by reason of th^ir drs
titutp condition. It is believed that a
larc* proportion of those who flayed to
Norn** so early in the spring hoping to
"strike it rich" »r« ftranded.
The transportation companies, it is
c-aimed r*>fus«» to aid the unfortunates at
r'a r « Nome. Winter will come by the md
ft September and the transport in order
to effect relief must b<* sent at once.
Ge-.eral Randall estimates that there
are 1W persons in Nome in danger of
starvation. Information received from
I ppveral official and unofficial source?
j shows that the Alaska Indians along th*
, roapt from <"spe Nome are in a serious
j condition. Tho miners, it is rumored.
\ have gathered for their own use nearly
; all of the driftwood which the Indians
hnve born accustomed to depend upon for
: thrir winter fu^l, and in some instances
; the cabin? of the Indians have been torn
: rtiwn by the miners and the wood used
j by them, regardless of the suffering In
rlfans. In addition to these afflictions it is
paid that the grip in a most virulent form
has broken out among the Indians and
that altoeethT «helr rase is one which
: calls for immediate succor. The Govern
1 ment hap taken hold of the matter and no
doubt provisions, clothing and medical at
tention through the Marine Hospital ser
vice will bo forthcoming.
TRANSPORT TO BE SENT
TO NOME TO GET MINERS
MANILA. Aug. 1.— News telling of
battles between bands of rebels
and American soldiers is received
here almost daily. From all rec
kons come reports of skirmishes
with bolomen and hand-to-hand conflicts
between the American soldiers and the
insurgents are very common, the Ameri
cans in almost every instance coming out
of the conflicts with flying colors. It is
rarely Indeed that the Americans are
worsted, and in almost every case the
news of a disaster to American arms is
explained away by a tale of treachery on
the part of trusted Filipino guides. Even
storekeepers are accused of murdering
Americans who have just purchased arti
cles from them. In one instance the pro
prietor of a store was supplying the needs
of three American soldiers when several
bolomen slipped into the store and at
tacked the soldiers from behind, killing a
sergeant, whose head was severed from
his body by one blow. A private was se
verely wounded, but managed to make his
escape. He pave the alarm and a com
pany of the Fortieth Infantry, stationed
at Cagayan. was sent to Oroquieta, the
scene of the trouble. The eoldiery was
backed by a. gunboat, the Callao. which
was dispatched to take a hand in the pro
ceedings.
It seemr that one Vicente Alvarez, the
ex-Insurgent Presidente of Zamboar.ga,
was the ringleader of the insurrectionary
movement in Northern Mindanao. He
had gathered together about 500 renegade*
armed with rifles and bolos and had
boasted of his Intention to exterminate
the Americans. "When the company of
the Fortieth and the Callao reached Oro
quieta 500 rebels were romping through
the town. As the Callao ran in toward
the beach the Insurgents opened fire and
mortally wounded one of her crew. Sup
ported by the fire of the Callao's guns the
men of the Fortieth Infantry entered the
town. They met determined resistance
Reports Constantly Received of Activity of the
Filipinos, Who Invariably Are Defeated by
the American Troops.
and a desperate battle ensued. The rebels
could not check the reso'ute advance of
the Americans and were finally driven out
of Oroquieta, a broken, demoralized rab
ble, leaving ninety-four dead behind.
Shells from the Callao set flm to the
«™>P warehouses on the water front and
lOno bales of hemp were destroyed.
Major Wheeler of the Thirty-fourth In
fantry reports an engagement of 300 rebels
iear Mount Cnrono. in which fifty of the
rebels were killed and a number of Amer
icans wounded. The rebels took up a posi
tion on the summit of a verv high ndg<».
the crest of which was dotted with rin>
Pits from which a terrible ha.M of Mauser
bullets fell amons the soldiers of Major
V. heeler s command as they advanced up
the precipitous side* of the mountain. It
was impossible to flank the position on
account of the peculiar nature of tho
ground, and Major Wheeler's position was
such that he had cither to retreat or
fhcrge up a slope of 3no yards at an ar.*l«
of <• degrees. The hill was so steep that
OTOf men had to crawl on their hands and
knees. A desperate battle waged during
the entire hill-climbing march until our
men were within thirty yards of the reb
rls, who at this point broke and ran. as
they have done many tlmfa before, leav
ing fifty of th*ir dead in the rifle pits The
rebels were led by Tocson. who deserted
his camp, wh.ch was afterward destroved
by Major Batson. Thrre «pr? ten com
plete barracks and forty in course of con
struction. The whol* when completed
would have afforded shelter to 1000 men
The action occurred in the Bulacan dis
trict, seven miles north of Mount Corona.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3i._ A dispatch
from General MacArthur announces that
Second Lieutenant H. X. Wav, Fourth
Infantry, was killed near Villa Vieja Lu
zon, August 2?.
Lieutenant Way was born near Rutland
HI.. In 1S74. He graduated from the mili
tary academy in 1330. He went to Manila
April 7. 1S99. and served with his regimen:
until March 23 of this year, since which
time he had been on duty with, Castner'a
scouts.
DAILY BATTLES OCCUR
WITH INSURGENT BANDS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1900.
Many /Railroad Mem Meptiomed,, as" Probable Caedii
dates for tlhe Presidency of the Somitfi
- .,_ ¦...;,¦"¦,¦.. / ; ere 'Pacitfiic, ; . ¦...-/ /
HUNTINGTON'S SUCCESSOR
HAS NOT BEEN SELECTED
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take I^xativ* Promo Quinine Tablets. All
drurirlEte refund the money if it fails to cure.
!;. W. Gro\"e°a fijmature is on each box. 25c.
Reciprocity Is Approved.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Aug. 31.— The
Nicaraguan Congress to-day approved
the commercial reciprocity between Nica
ragua and the- United States.
NEWPORT, R. I.. Aug. Sl.-The experi
ments in torpedo boat drills to-night
were cf si>ecial interest to naval men
from the fact that the submarine boat
Holland was used. She was unable to
catch the crow of the United States tug
Loyden napping and so the attempts to
get alongside the latter were unsuccess
ful.
The Holland and the Leyden went down
to the harbor for practice. The I/eyden
doused all her lights and the Holland
trird to steal up to her. but the eom
l.Tander of the I^eyden caught her each
time. The diving trials will be held
later.
Submarine Craft Holland Is Very
Shortly to Be Experimented
HIGHLY INTERESTING DRILL
WITH TORPEDO BOATS
PANIC ON STREETCAR
RESULTS IN A FATALITY
Fuse Burns Out and the Flame3
Frighten Passengers, Who
Hastily Jump Off.
AKRON, Ohio. Aug. 31.— As the re3ult
of a panic on an electric car at Silver
Lake, a suburban resort, late last night
one person was killed and three others in
jured. The panic was caused by a fuse
burning out and flames bursting up
through the car floor. The passengers be
came terrified and made a frantic rush to
get off. Ferdinand Bardetz Jr., in jump
ing, struck against a trolley pole and was
killed.
The Injured: Miss Ada Hublinger, Bar
berton. Ohio; Miss Sadie Metcalf. Cuya
hoga Falls. Ohio: Mrs. William Metcalf
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio.
INSURANCE MEN TALK.
Addresses by Various Officials Before
National Association.
MIIAVAUKEE. Aug. 31.— The features
of the convention to-tlay of the National
Association of Local Fire Insurance
Agents were addresses by Carey R. Jones
of Sherman, Texas; Henry H. Putnam of
Boston, editor of the Journal of Insurance
Economics; John B. Cattleman of Louis
ville, Ky., and George P. Sheldon of New
York, president of the National Board of
Fire Underwriters. Brief oral reports on
conditions in a number of States were
also made. At the afternoon session
George P. Sheldon, James Haines of Pe
king. 111., John P. Hubbell of Missouri and
W.--L. Stiles of Texas spoke.
BOXERS OVERRUN THE
COUNTRY NEAR TIENTSIN
2
With.Bergerow Arraigned.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 31.— Frederick Ber
gerow, the Alviso constable who shot and
killed August Berger and Joseph Cech at
a picnic In this city a month ago, was
arraigned in the Superior Court to-day.
After several minor motions had been
disposed of, his trial was set for Septem
ber 24. The prisoner is highly nervous,
and it is understood that his defense will
be insanity.
Sailor Drowned.
. VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 31.— The steam
ship Idzumi Maru reports the bark Jo
sephine arrived at Hakodate with 2700
barrels of sperm oil on August 5. and re
ported the drowning of her fourth officer
J. B. Perry, in a disaster to a boat stove
In by a whale. c
Marching Club Organized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 31.— The Republi
can club of Pomona has completed the or
ganization of , a marching club of over
fifty members. Officers were elected a*
follows: Alba M. Hurtt. captain: Fred O.
Shutts, first lieutenant: H.' N. Barnes, sec
ond lieutenant; L. H. Ceville, secretary
and treasurer. All the members of the
club are young men of good form, and
most of them are or have been members
of the Seventh Regiment, N. G.'C. or high
enhnni cadets, and are well up In tactics.
Used Southern Pacific Tracks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Aug. 31.— The morning
Santa Fe iraln from San Francisco ar
rived at the local depot this, morning via
the Southern Pacific from Bay Point, at
which place there was a crossing of tne
two roads. The reason for the Innova
tion is In the fact that the Santa Fe
bridge at Old River, which was dam
aged some time since, ls being repaired
to-day and traffic at that point had to
be suspended. The repairs will be com
plete ,to-morrow, po that the Santa Fe
will again be running over its own tracks.
SAXTA CRUZ, Aug. 31.— There was a light
fall of rain here this morning.
TACOMA, Aur. 31.— Albert Burke, a miner
of Newcastle. Wash., fell out of the second
story window of a hctel this morning and was
instantly killed.
VALLEJO, Auk. 31.— General J. B. Frlsble
and family will leave Monday for the City of
Mexico. Miss Maballne Frlsbie, youngest
daughter of General and Mrs. Frisble, ls
shortly to be married at that place. The fam
ily will remain there on a visit of several
months.
VALLEJO. Auk- 31.— The gimbllnp fraternity,
white and Chinese, which has been under the
impression that the police force was discon-.
certed by the vetoing of the gambling- ordi
nance recently, was given a shock when five
violators were placed under arrest by officers.
They also arrested Ah Ping for smoking opium
and seized his outfit. This afternoon the pris
oners were arraigned by Judge Genty. They
pleaded not guilty.
PACIFIC GROVE. Aue. 31— Dr. Philip Mills
Jones and Oscar Worrir of Pan Francisco are
in this city searching for Indian relics and
other data connected with th? Indian history
of this portion of the State, in the interest of
the Hear?t Museum of the University of Cali
fornia. They are at present, In ca"mp on Point
Plnos, near the United States Government
lighthouse reoeivatlon, and from here will 4 go
south along the coast, intending to make a
thorough study of the Indians remains that ex
irt in the Point Sur district.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
Boy Accidentally Killed.
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. 21.- A boy by
the name of Bondlni. residing with his
parents in Stow Canyon, about ten miles
west of this city, was accidentally killed
by his brother this morning. The accident
was due to the careless handling of a re
volver, suueosed not to ce loaded.
Suit Brought at Santa Rosa to Have
It Set Aside.
SANTA ROSA^ Aug. 31.— In the matter
of the estate of the late I. Wickersham
suit was brought here to-day to have the
will disposing <,f the property set aside
upon the grounds of undue influence ex
erted by Frei Wickersham, Lizzie Wick
ersbaa and Mrs. May L. Bergvin. Suit
li brought i:i the name of I. G. Wlekcr
shain. who is t son of the late Frank P.
uic l-:ej-sliam, who was cut off by his
father with V, from participating: In the.
million doi'ar estate.
The cult la brought through the child's
mother, Mrs. Cora Wickersham. of
trf-Fno. A similar suit was brought by
Frank P. \\ ieko r sham last vear. but the
proceedings were terminated by his death
a few months ago, and the papers filed
to-day in reality constitute a continuance
cf the previous suit.
WlCKZBSHLtJa: WILL.
Crucial rtlJ-iatrh to The Call.
SAN D1EOO. Aug. 31.— The Democratic
County Convention was held to-day with
a largft attendance of delegates. The
factional fight which was on between
the Filk stocking end of the party and
the working oi,-1 was compromised by
permitting the 'Chivalry" to name the
<n;:irman of the convention, while the
"Shovclry" named the chairman of the
county central eoirmittee. N. H. Conk
lin »a(- nominee for Superior Judge,
J. H. Woodman anil A. H. Clanccv for
Assemblymen in the Beventy-nlnth and
Eightieth districts, and Walter H. Moon--
W. \V. W'etzel and James A. Jasper for
Supervisors of th<> Kim. Second and
Third districts. The iilatforni Indorsee
Bryan and the Kansas City platform and
Bdvoc&tes thp nomination of Will H. Hoi
cornb. County Clerk of this county, for
Congress.
New Oil Company
T.OS ANGELES, Aug. 31.— The Olinda
rar-.ch. embracing over. 4*00 ceres, in the
x-u!lerton field has been sold to a syndi
cate of Los Angeles capitalists and the
Olinda Crude Oil Company formed, with
a rr>pita!!zation of J2/XK),000. Ti'e dirrc
tirnir- v.-ill be composed of W. F. Bots
f<-rd W. H. Bailey. H. W. H*>llman. W.
H. Perry T. K. Gibbon. C. B. Hoothe
Benbold Baruch. F. W. Braun. L. D. Sale.
W. A. Morgan and Carl Kurtz, an-! th»
raentbcTBldp will include General Harrison
Gray Otis; M. A. Hamburger. R. H. Miner.
J. IV. .V Off. Thomas Hughes and other
ucU-knowa capitalists.
CONVENTION HELD BY
DEMOCRATS !N SAN DIEGO
Tne prosecution asked Judge Dahl to
have a venire for thirty placed in Sheriff
Taylor!* hanfis, the Jurors to be drawn
from the county. The court refused, and
hcr.ee :o-Say's action.
The action is the outcome of the prose
cution of some Chinese fishermen at No
v?.to. The men were charged with catch
ing fish under the logal size. When ar
rested they demanded a jury trial. The
c - >nFtar'!»»"!= trouble here commenced.
/,hci:t ten venires were Issued and all
those eligible for jurors were brought into
court and still it was impossible to secure
a jury of twelve men. Most of the men
r-xamined would not believe a Chinaman
and others were excused peremptorily.
The constable at la-st broug-ht In four men
and made affidavit that the jurors of the
township were exhausted.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. SI.— The State Fish
Commission to-day petitioned the Supe
rior Court for a writ of mandate against
C. Dnhl. Justice of the Peace of Novato
Township, to compel him to issue a venire
for thirty Jurors to be drawn from the
county by the Sheriff.
Venires Exhausted Because Those
Called Stated They Would Not
Believe a Mongolian.
Er^eCal Disratch to The Call.
CANNOT FIND JURORS
TO TRY CHINAMEN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Aug. 31.— Captain George E.
Ide has reported at Mare Island and as
sumed his duties as captain of the yard
the position which has been filled by Cap
tain Drake. Captain Ide was formerly at
tached to the Yosemite. and when ordered
home expected to be retired. The orders
attaching him to Mare Island were some
what of a surprise.
Unknown Man Killed.
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. 31.— An un
known man. aged about 40 years, supposed
to have been riding on the brakebeam
was run over and instantly killed by one
of the trains passing through town at an
early hour this morning. The first known
of the accident was when the track-walk
er fouii.l the mangled remains strewn
along the track for a distance of fifty
feet at about 6 o'clock this morning There
was absolutely nothing about the "person
by which he could be identified and" the
face was so mangled that no description
can be given.
m
Change at Mare Island.
Possibility of a New Industry at
. Santa Cruz.
Special DIsratch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 31.-A meeting of
the citizens of tills city was held last even
ing at the St. George Hotel to discuss the
proposition of a woolen mill being estab
lished here. Tho meeting was held under
the auspices of the Board of Trade.
R. F. Cate. who represented the woolen
mill owners, vu present. His suggestion
was that a forty-acre tract of land be
purchased. The mill would require two
acres, the balance to be divided into lots
and be sold for $200 each.
The cost of building was estimated at
$15,000, and the moving of the plant from
Oregon •would cost $S00O.
An option has been obtained on the
Tonne property, near the old cement
works. The price asked is $S0OO, the op
tion to last sixty days.
Fifty families will locate here If the mill
is established. Another meeting will be
held on Monday evening.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Appointed and Pensions
Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 31.—John
son H. Neale of Lakeside and Henry F.
Peters of McKlttrick have been com
missioned postmasters.
The following pensions were Issued to
day: Additional— Lemuel Rosslter, Los
Angeles, $12. Increase— Dana E.' Hutch-
Ins, Bakersfleld, $12; John Sample, Fall
brook. $10. *
Oregon: Orljrinal— Samuel Fowler. Ore
gon City. $6. Increase— Robert W. Kirk
wood. $10; William Pitcher, Prineville
$10; Sylvester K Bush. Westfall. $10.
Washington: Original — James L. Sharp.
Dwamlsh, $6. Original widows — Phoebe
A. Ruff, Snohomish. $8.
» '
WOOLEN-MILL PROJECTED.
Srccial Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 31.— After four days
of deliberation the thirteenth annual
Grand Council of the Catholic Ladies' Aid
Society adjourned this morning, to meet
again next year at Del Mar.
This morning the simple yet very ef
fective ceremonies of installing the grand
officers were conducted by Mrs. M. A.
Smith of San Francisco. The officers In
stalled were: Grand president. Miss Julia
Weber of Stockton; grand senior vice
president. Miss Mary Carr of Oakland:
grand junior vice president, Mrs. M. F.
Dorsey of San Luis Obispo:' gTand secre
tary and treasurer. Miss Margaret Cur
tis of San Francisco; grand deputy. Miss
Mary Garretty of San Francisco. Board
of grand directors— Miss Julia Weber of
Stockton, Mrs. Laogier of Stockton. Miss
Gallagher of Alameda. Mrs. Jordan or
Oakland. Mrs. Thomas of Santa Rosa,
Mrs. Sullivan, Miss O'Leary. Miss Tuite,
Miss Russell, Mrs. S. McFadden and Mrs.
Carroll of San Francisco.
New Grand Officers Are Formally In
stalled by Mrs. M. A. Smith
of San Francisco
at Del Mar.
FINAL SESSION
OF AID SOCIETY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 31.— Engineer
Henry Hawgood ls preparing to go into
the field, and op or before the middle of
next week the first real steps toward sur
veying a route for the proposed new Salt
.Lake road will have become a fact. Pro
moters of the new enterprise are as yet
very reticent regarding their plans, and
Mr. Hawgood, when seen to-day, declined
to make public anything of his work as
it is outlined.
J. Ross Clark informed a Call reporter
that Mr. Hawgood and his assistants
would go out to-morrow, while at the
office of T. E. Gibbon it was stated tnat
the work of surveying would not be
begun until next Tuesday. Some prelim
inary work has already been done and a
small crew Is stated to be now out. Two
additional parties are to be sent forward
at once, i
A cablegram was to-day sent to Sena
tor W. A. Clark at Paris by the commit
tee instructed to do so at the banquet
to T. E. Gibbon and J. Ross Clark, given
at the California Club last night. The
message was one of good will to Sena
tor Clark from the signers, who are
among the leading business and profes
sional men of the city.
Senator Clark ls touring: the Pyrenees
Mountains, and the message will be for
warded to him by his Parisian bankers,
who know his whereabouts. The Sena
tor's reply is expected to reach here about :
Engineer Henry Hawgood Will Take
the Field With a Large Party
of Surveyors in a
Few Days.
TO BEGIN WORK ON
THE NEW RAILROAD
Japanese Fatally Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TULARE, Aug. ,31.— Last night aa the
Los Angeles express passed through this
city a Japanese was found dying on the
track. In attempting to steal a ride he
had lost his footing and fallen beneath
the car, the entire train passing over
his body. Both legs were cut off above
the knees and his -skull was badly frac
tured. Medical aid was quickly sum
moned and everything possible was done
to save the unfortunate man. Although
still living, his death ls only a matter
at a few hours.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSEr Aug. 31.-The local Demo
crats have akuost completed arrange
ments for the State Democratic Conven
tion, which convenes on September 6. The
delegates will be well looked after by the
committee of arrangements, which will
see that they get suitable accommoda
tions.
It Is expected the convention will last
two days. Senator J. C. Sims of Sonoma,
chairman of the State Central Commit
tee, will call Hie convention to order. R.
M. Fitzgerald of Oakland Is s'.ated for
chairman. The meeting will open at 11
o'clock, and after organization Is effected
will adjourn until 2 p. m.. The afternoon
will be occupied by reports of committees.
The Congressional convtmtlons meet in
the evening, and it is believed that mos't
of the districts will complete their work
without adjourning.
Friday the Presidential Electors will be
named and the convention will complete
its labors.
In the afternoon the committee of ar
rangements have arranged an excursion
to Alum Rock Park. Here bathing, min
eral water and entertainment will be fur
nished, and the disciples of Bryanism
will have a chance to recuperate from the
fatigue of the convention.
The committee of arrangements Is leav
ing nothing undone to secure the full ben
efits of the convention. Besides providing
entertainment for the delegates, the com
mittee will arrange things so that life will
be injected into party interests in this
county. Santa Clara County has not had
a State 1 Democratic Convention for manv
years. The committee consists of John A
Hicks, chairman: D. M. Burnett, secre
tary, and Louis A. Spitser, treasurer
PROGRAMME OF THE
DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION
Sreclal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 31,-Jack Ortega, the
pugilist, was positively identified to-day
by Grace Gamble as her assailant at the
preliminary examination of the prisoner.
Great interest centered in the case and
the courtroom was jammed. Many women
Wf-re among the- spectators.
Ortega, who was takon to the Countv
J3ll at Kodwood City to avoid any out
break of the people, was brought here on
the morning train. A large crov.d \va.s
present at the depot. An old Spanish
woman appeared at the City Hall wltn u
small rojx- and intimated it should ue used
'>n Ortega. Several brothers of Ortega
became greatly excited for fear she would
Incite a mob, and finally prevailed upon
her to lr:ive.
When the examination was called this
mornlns an :irijournment was taken until
2 p. m. Attorney* Partridge & Jacobs
appeared for Ortega, but at the opening
of court in the afternoon withdrew. Or
tega was given an hour to secure an at
torney, hut made no attempt to gret one
Justice Oneal refused to grant a continu
ance and ordered the examination to pro
ceed. Before doing so. however, he had
Mllledge and Martin Ortega searched for
weapons, it being reported that they were
in the courtroom armed. No weapons were
found on the men.
Grace Gamble. 11 years old, went on the
stand and In childish innocence told the
revolting details of the assault by Ortega.
She identifled him positively as her as
sailant. She recognized Ortega's face and
voice.
J. H. Gamble, the girl's -father, told of
the events of the evening before the as
sault. His story was a pad one. His wife
had pone into hysterics and died when she
learned her daughters fate.
Medical testimony was also introduced
to prove Ortega's crime. Adjournment
was then taken until to-morrow at 10
a. m.
The police are in possession of a witness
who saw Ortega in the buggy with the
girl. They passed under an electric light
and he is positive it was Ortega.
Eleven- Year-Old Child Tells the Ke
volting Story of the Crime in
a Crowded Courtroom at
San Jose.
GRACE GAMBLE
IDENTIFIES ORTEGA
Brvan and Stevenson Club.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUTTER CREEK, Aug. 31.— The Sutter
Creek Bryan and Stevenson Club was or
ganized here Wednesday night and the
following officers elected: John Phlpps.
president: Dr.- H. C. Crowlbar, vice presi
dent: J. L. Beatley, secretary; John LUh
jron. treasurer. \
" — < ?
Smallpox Spreading.
GAZELLE, Aug. 3U— Two new cases of
smallpox have ¦ developed In Hayden'B
Hotel at Callahacs. Siskiyou County.
Three cases are of a mild form. Every
precaution is being taken to prevent the
disease spreading.
Wants a New Trial.
J=r*Klal Dispatch to The Call.
SAXTA CRUZ, Aug. 31.— An appeal to
the Suprc-r^e Court has been made by Jo
seph Teshara. v.ho was sentenced to life
imprisonment for the murder of G. D.
Loucks.apkin!? that the decision of the
Superior Court be reversed and that ho
be granted a new trial.
ycrterday by the meeting of railroad offl
cialf. to draft a form of agreement looking
to the establishment of a* transcontinental
passenger association has not been able to
BUbmita roport to the main body as yet,
nnd at a late hour to-night was In session.
The committee appeared twice before the
main body and requested further time to
deliberate. It is said that there is no
hitch In the discussion of the main ques
tion, but that the committee Is trying to
perfect dttp.ils of a plan. It is known
that the following points have been
i-gr-ed to:
The organization' will be independent
anc Sn no way connected with any other
In existence: that th^ territory to be cov
ered tv ill not extend reyond the Missouri
Rivor on the east. The Santa Fe repre
sentative. Mr. Nicholson, fa.vored aspocl
ating with some existing "organization,
but did not .urge the point.
Not the least doubt is expressed that a
satisfactory arrangement can be made
with the two Eastern passenger associa
tions so that there will be harmonious re
lations.
It is thought that the action of the com
mittee. ;«« soon as reported, will be
quickly ratified and that after referring
nmendmepts to sub-committees another
meeting will be. held at an early date.
Committee on Organization Is Still
Debating Upon the Matters
of Detail.
GLENWOOD SPRINGS. Colo.. Aug.
n.— The committee of seven appointed
PASSENGER ASSOCIATION
IS NOT YET FORMED
Filial Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. Aug. 3l.-Frank Le
mascher, Caesar Ehlers and Albert Gayer
were to-day held over to answer without
bail before the Superior Court by Justice
of the Peace R. L. Mattingly of San Ma
teo. The three men are charged with the
murder of Elizabeth Mitchell at Colma, on
July 4 last, who wa.s the white wife of
WiUiam Mitchell, a negro.
The murder was a double one, the par
ties killing David Mitchell at the same
time and ulace.
The defendants were held over once be
fore by Justice of the Peace Hannon of
this place, but on account of irregularity
in the proceedings the information filed
.•igalnst thorn in the Superior Court wan
set aside and all proceedings commenced
anew.
The prosecution to-day was represented
by District Attorney J. J. Bullock. XV. S.
Barnes and H. H. McCloskey, while E. F.
Fitzpatrlck appeared for the defendants.
The small courtroom in which the ex
amination was held was crowded with
those who were curious to get a glimpse
of defendants, so much so that the Jus
tice ordered the room to be cleared of all
who could not be seated.
The wife of Ehlers was an interested
witness, who sat In the room throughout
the examination.
The witnesses who testified to-day gave
substantially the same testimony as given
before. 'though there were not so many
examined on this hearing-.
J. Bachmann, the gunsmith, who sold
Lemascher the two rifles with which the
murder was supposed to have been com
mitted, and William Mitchell were the
two principal witnesses against the de
fendants.
Frank Lemascher, Caesar Ehlers and
Albert Gayer Are Given An
other Hearing at Red
wood City.
HELD FOR MURDER
OF MRS. MITCHELL
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 31.— Miss Gertrude
Green and Miss Mary Macebo have re
turned to their hom?s at Novato. They
are the young ladles who happened to be
in the packing house on the De Long
ranch when the sixteen Japanese now In
jail assaulted and nearly killed five
Chinamen employed at the place.
In the rush of the Japanese toward
their victims the young ladles were swept
from their feet. They escaped with much
difficulty. Being the only white witnesses
The horrible sight they witnessed in the
packing house has filled them with great
fear of the Japanese. As soon as Chung
Fong's condition is known the Japanese
will be taken to Xovato for a hearing.
The young ladies will then identi
fy the guilty parties. This afternoon the
condition of the wounded man was slight
ly improved.
to the trouble the authorities sent for
them to identify the guilty ones. This
they refused to do. They could not be
coaxed to enter the Jail.
Whenever an attempt at an Interview
is mr.de. Attorney Lennon or Attorney
Hawkins is always present.
The pictures shown are the only ones
!' taken of him since his capture.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
J. E. KING. THE SLAYER OF S.
H. CHURCH. AND MRS.
KING. __
YOUNG LADIES THAT WITNESSED THE BATTLE BETWEEN* CHI
NESE AND JAPANESE AT NOVATO.
Ei*cial Dirratch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 31,— J. E. King
Is fast improving since being
placed In jail here. Gocvd meals
and complete rest are fast chang
ing the appearance of the man
who led the officers such a long chase.
His wife to-day spent the afternoon with
him and together they chatted away sev
eral hours.
An effort was made to-day to get King
to tell the story of his travels through
the mountains. This he refused to do.
When asked If he had any adventures
during his trip, he answered "Yes. quite
a number." He then baited the curiosity
of his hearers uy adding, "I had an ex
perience with a California lion in the
western hills of Glenn County."
He stoutly refused to go further. He
follows the advice of his attorneys Im
plicitly, and they have cautioned him that
now is not the time to Ml the story of
his life and travels.
Michael C. Hickey.
CHICAGO, Aug. 31.— Michael C. Hickey
ex-Chief of Police, died to-night.
John Bennett Lawes.
LONDON, Aug. 31.— Sir John v Bennett
Lawes, noted for his 'work In regard to
practical and scientific farming is dead
He was born in December/ISH.
ST. PAUL. Aug. 31.— Peter W. Corbett,
assistant secretary of the Northern tra
clflc Railway, while walking along the
street this afternoon was suddenlv
stricken with h'art failure. He was a't
once conveyed to a hospital, •where he
died. ¦ "»¦*>¦'-.
Peter W. Corbett.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aug. 31.— Dr. J. A.
Gore, aged 79, one of thb oldest and most
prominent residents of this city, disap
peared from his home yesterday and hls»
body was found floating in the Missouri
River to-night.
Dr. J. A. Gore.
Mrs. Martha Adler.
SONOMA, Aug. 31.— Mrs. Martha Adler,
a pioneex resident of this city, died here
this morning after an illness of several
months. Mrs. Adler was the widow of
the late Lewis /. Her who came to Cali
fornia In 1S46 and located In Sonoma two
years later. She leaves, two grown chil
dren, Mrs. Millie Bates and Adam Ad
ner and a sister, Mrs. Winkle, all resi
dents of Sonoma. She was a native of
Heimerhausen, Germany, aged 60 years
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 31.— A special
to the Star says that E. S. Washburn,
president of the Kansas City, Fort Scott
and Memphis Railroad, died at his sum
mer home. at Rye Beach. Me., to-day. Mr.
Washburn had been ailing for some' time,
and left Kansas City for Maine in June
last in search of health. Nathaniel Thayer
of Boston was recently appointed vice
president of the road to relieve Mr. Wash
burn of Its active management until he
should have recovered.
E. S. Washburn.
CINCINNATI. Au?. 31.— David Sinton.
one of the richest citizens of Cincinnati,
died at his home heie to-day aged 93
years. He leaves a fortune estimated at
$20,000,OCO. He had large real estate inter
ests in Chicago, Cleveland and New York
as well as here and owned big cattle
ranches in Texas. He had given much
money to public Institutions. His onlv
£t lr , ls J- h £ * wlfe of ex-Congressman
Charles P. Taft. proprietor of the Cincin
nati Times-Star and a brother of Judee
Taft of the Philippine Commission.
David Sinton.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX DIKGO, Aug. 31.— Advices from
the City of Mexico received this morning
by Acting Hexli an Consul A. Savin an
nounce the death in the Mexican capital
August 24 at 3 a. m. of Captain Ilig
inio Canudas. the Mexican Consul to this
city. Captain Canutias left this city two
months ago for Mexico owing to ill
health. He was accompanied by his wife
and five children. Scnor Savin Is the act
ine: Consul temporarily in charge.
Senor Alejandro Devars. late Chancel
lor of the Consulate of Mexico at Eagle
Pass, Texas, arrived last night, to re
main permanently in this city. He will
be connected with the Consulate here.
Captain Canudas was formerly captain
of the Mexican war ship Democrata and
has been here for thirteen months.
Immediately the lawvers of the pool
sellers set to work preparing the neces
sary application for i writ of mandate,
which was issued by Jurlne Hart this
evening. A permanent • writ will not lie.
however, unless the poolsellers can show
that they are legally entitled to a license.
It is believed that the power of the offi
cials In the premises is discretionary, in
which event they coulo properly refuse
the application for a license. .
The attorneys for the poolsellers con
tend that inasmuch as their clients have
conformed to all the preliminary require
ments of the ordinance the city authori
ties are bound to errant them a license.
Public sentiment is strong against the
poolrooms while favortnjj the sale of
pools in the legitimate manner practiced
by the State Agricultural Society during
the racing season.
CAPTAIN CANUDAS
DIES IN MEXICO
This morning Frank Daroux and B. W.
Cavanaugh, owners of the poolrooms up
to the time they were ordered closed, in
corporated. In company with Henry Mey
er, W. H. Lreman and M. F. Rowland,
the Sacramento Club. With a capital stock
actually subscribed of $20,000. This club
late this afternoon appeared at the May
or's oflloe and demanded a license to con
duct noolrooms in the rear of the post
office." After a heated controversy be
tween the parties Mayor Clark and Chief
Sullivan. In consonance with former as
surances to restrict poolselling to the
race-track, voted against the issuance of
the license, while President Ing of the
Trustees favored it.
Under the newly adopted city or'dinance
the State Agricultural Society this after
noon applied for a license to conduct the
sale of pools and It was granted by the
full votes of Mayor Clark. Chief Sulli
van and Trustee Ing. The society agreed
to pay the quarterly tax of $500 and to
surrender the license to the city at the
expiration of the two weeks of the fair,
pivinr c's sureties each in the sum of
$5000 William E. Gerbrr, cashier of the
California State Bank, and Supervisor
William Mclaughlin.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 31.— Judge Hart
this evening issued an alternate writ of
mandate directed against Mayor Clark,
Chief of Police Sullivan and President
Ing of the Board of Trustees, requiring
them to appear In court on Wednesday
next and show cause why a permanent
writ of mandate should not issue against
them compelling them to grant a license
to the Sacramento Club to conduct pool
rooms within the city limits.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Now Appeal to the Courts for a Writ
of Mandate Compelling City
Authorities to Grant a
License.
THEIR APPLICATION IS REFUSED
Desire to Conduct Gambling
as an Incorporated
(M
MOTHER MOVE
BY POOLSELLERS
IN SACRAMENTO
•was the cause of coath. The body was
covered with ugly bruiser. Supervisor
J. G. McCarthy tJ t the asylum stated that
ho Lad received the patient from Sheriff
of Winr.emucca. and asked him
Wtimt »ai' the tn;itt«»r with the patient's
Ji< .id, which was bandaged up. Tne quvs
lioa was' evaded twice.
C F. Murphy, head attendant of C
vard, took tne stand and testified to re
e*-iviiig ih<? unfortunate- fellow and stated
that be was literally covered with wounds
tifi<i bruises, the worst b^inK those of the
head a::d f;nin. He stated that the man
appeared rational at times, but that he
was compelled to strap him to his bed to
k«--ep him from injuring himself. Murphy
txila GUroy t ji<i him that he had fallen
from a cliff when asked about the wound
on the head, but later s-ald he had been
robbed and murdered. Superintendent
i'atttrson testified as to the condition of
the man upon his arrival at the hr*spital.
lif bt "ileieu the man had been foully dealt
with, u in his opinion it vroold be lmpos
k;( ;<• for the man to self-inllict such
wounds. The jury adjourned until such
lirr.e as witnesses can b« secured from
Winnemucca.
1'istrict Attorney Williams has commu
r.lcated with District Attorney Van Dezer
of Humboldt County, but as yr-t has re
ceived no answer. This is a matter that
¦will not be hushed up and every effort
wi',1 be made to bring the guilty parties.
if any, to justice. There is something de
¦ lediy wrong in the case of this unfor
tunate fellow. Here is a man brought in
from Humboldt County and turned over
to the asylum authorities with a big pa^h
in his head and from ten to a dozen ugly
bruise? on his body, yet the man who
broupht him here did not seem to know or
care how he came by them; at any rat«
he did not take the trouble to tell the
asylum people.
In the commitment paper the question,
"Has the man suffered from epilepsy,
eruptions or injuries on the head?" was
•asked, and the answer was no, which only
goes to show that the officials who is
sued the commitment paper have been
puilty of negligence of their duties. The
man's injuries tell only too plainly of foul
I>!ay and many of them are of such a na
ture as to be impoeible of self-infliction.
Dr. Patterson says Mr. Giiroy was a
man of education arid refinement and
showed r.o sign? of a suicidal disposition.
Giiroy was buried here to-day under the
auspices of Camp 407, Woodmen of the
World. :
RENO, New, Aug. 31.— Coroner J. V.
Peers cjul a jury met this morning to in
quire into the death of II. B. Giiroy, who
<iied at the Nevada insane asj'ium i:i this
city on V.'ednesday afternoon. Dr*. I>ewis
ard Phillips were called, and stated that
they ht-'lu a post-mortem examination
upon the remains of deceased and f^und
u vcasd on the man's head two inches
long by one and a liali wide. The skull
craj not fractured, but there was a clot
of ulood on the brain, which they decided
Wounds Impossible of S«lf-Infliction
and the Suspicion Grows That
cm Attempt "Was Idade to
Ccncsal a Crime.
Special Dl?ratch to The Call.
NEGLIGENCE CLEARLY SHOWiN
Body of the Unfortunate
Man a Mass oi Cuts
and Bruises.
INVESTIGATING
THE CAUSES OF
GILROY'S DEATH
Suspected Miairderer Improving in
Health, hut Refuses to
Talk.
MRS. KING VISITS HER
HUSBAND IN PRISON
BOISE. Idaho. Aug. 31.— There Is still
no fusion between the Democrats and
Populists. If they have made any prog
ress It does not appear on the surface.
A leading Populist said this evening they
would have a harmonious arrangement
effected by to-morrow night, but others
express doubt.
IJo Fusion in Idaho.
DIXON. Autr. St.— The following Repub
licans have ben chosen to represent So
lano County at State and county conven
tions. State convention: At large — J. F.
Erown, K. P. Hilborn and II. Stahl; Val
lejo—J. J. Luchsinger. J. A. Mclnniss. G.
J. Campbell and W. J. Wood; Third dis
trict — Alden Anderson anil Jacob Kull
man; Fourth district— F. E. McKevitt
and Charles Claussen; Fifth district— W.
F. Kennedy and L. P. Larsen.
County delegates: Vallejo— A. L. Hathe
way. S. J. McNight, J. A. Brown. Don
ald llunroe, H. F. Stahl. F. W. Willis.
C. F. Colvin, L. B. Leavitt. Thomas
Skirts. J. A. Andrews. G. H. Savage, F.
B. Lemon, G. H. Oakley, H. J. Cambell,
Frank Brew. G. G. Halliday. F. R. Dev
lin. W. K. Gedge. G. W. Demmon; Beni
cia—A. E. Chapman. E. E. Estee. M. F.
Fraga, C. L. Herves, 'W. D. Phillipson.
Godfrey Rueger; Sulsun— F. O. Scarlett.
Frederick Lamfcrecht, A. J. Panburn,
Thomas Ler.ahan, A. S. Morton, J. C.
Murphy; Elmira— F. H. Clark. George R.
Dally: Dixon— S. G. Little. Charles Schlr
raer. II. R. Robben. C. M. Kirby; Vaca
vllle—G. T. Robinson. R. H. Platt. F. O.
Clayton. W« E. Laurence. E. II. McMll
lon; Tremont— A. T. Foster: Green Val
lfy — John Perrott Jr. and Charles A. Jen
sen: Rio Vista— \V. J. Emigh. Peter Ham
ilton. George Thompson; Montezuma — C.
H. Rice; Denverton— Walter Blacklock;
Maine Prairie— J. F. Brown.
SOLANO'S DELEGATION
TO THE CONVENTION
Farrington made a ringing speech
denying that he was controlled by the
Southern Pacific, and promising to re
deem Nevada from the stigma of "Rot
ten borougrh."
The platform congratulates the Repub
licans on the bright outlook for succes3
In November; Indorses the administra
tion of McKinley, protests against the
surrender of the Philippines, favor* a
protective tariff, storage reservoirs, the
largest use of silver as a money metal
compatible with the best interests of our
Government. It condemns the existence
of all combinations of capital kno<wn as
trusts, denounces the disfranchisement of
negroes, opposes the lottery axnendment,
demands the repeal of the prize fight law,
condemns the repeal of the purity of
election law, declares for an eight hour
work day in the State and municipal
work in mills and mines, demanrts that
the public school funds be protected. It
condemns the present State administra
tion for creating useless offices with
which to reward its supporters.
George Turiitln. Reno, and Mark Ave
rlll, Virginia City, for university regents.
E. S. Furrinffton of Elko was nomin
ated for Congressman; Trenmor Coffin
for Supreme Judge; Simon Bray. Austin;
D. B. Lyman. Reno, and Enoch Strother.
Virginia City. Presidential Electors.
VTRGIXIA C1TT. Xev., Aug. 5L— On«
of the largest and most enthusiastic Re
publican conventions held In Nevada la
recent years closed Its session at mid
night last night.
Platform Congratulates the Party en
the Bright Outlook and Opposes
the Surrender of the
Philippines.
THE ADMINISTRATION INDORSED
E. S. Farrington ol Elko Is
tlie Candidate for
Congress.
NOMINATIONS
BY NEVADA
REPUBLICANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1900.
GUILTY JAPANESE
NOT YET IDENTIFIED
Two White Witnesses of the As=
samlt Refuse to Eoter the
Sao Rafael JaaL
3
Jhe Pays £)eaci
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WriiiFJes come
To many a face which should still be
smooth and fair. Worry doesn't bring
them. There are no cares and anxieties
to furrow the face. They are the signs
of physical suffering, graven by the hand
of Pain. It is the saddest result of the
i^^^n^x- JLEiMuj diseases which af-
E|Ste!gf|jgjgg£E feet the -womanly
&tfj&-$? : *^<My/ > organs that they
W$&$b*0af wr ite plainly the
W^*SaS5£% fering on the face
f«f* -+L *ig|rt and form. The skin
|By^r%.JJlI becomes sallow, the
fiT jj^^C' cheeks are sunken,
fi/^vv-i/" m^ \ the eyes look dull,
E^£j*\iSj"'A\ the body falls away.
r''^l%>.y\ No woman who
X if h\ l^ W va^ nes k er health or
F / ¦ /flP'A \i B^. K°°d looks should
\ & v/aW iPeC neglect to use Dr.
* jMa j Pisnre's Favorite
&* \Mt5l P Prescription fordis-
y^Tw^u^ilwA I eases of the worn-
}|M anly organs. ; It
\\im IV \\v( \ cures irregularity,
™ TO inflammation. ulceVl
\\\yV at ion and female
V Vm I weakness. It lights
y\ tiji 1 up the eye, bright-
I y V . ens the complexion,
! .j| I \ v and rounds out the
'Ji| I \ sunken curves of the
1 \ \ body. ; .
'LI \ \ " I take grreat pleasure
'1\ \ \ in recommending Dr.
\\ \ I Pierce'9 Favorite Pre-
| script ion for female
1 weakness," writes Mrs.
Susannah Percenter, of Pauls Store. Shelby Co..
Texas. "I was troubled with bearinsj down
pains in my back and hips six years, ana I wrote
to Dr. Pierce for advice. I tried his ' Favorite
Prescription ' and six bottles cured me. I feel
like a new person, and I thank Dr. Pierce for
my health. Ijfe is a burden to any one without
health. I have told a gTeat many of my friends
about the great medicines I took."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, ic©8 pages, sent free on receipt
of stamps to pay cost of mailing only.
Send 21 one-cent stamps for paper cov-
ered book, or 31 cents for cloth. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
DR. MtYERS&CO.
Specialists
£«§>§gi|ii?^&| Diseases and
gfjgp*"* Weakness of
6fw\ tution » most
raV ,j£^i<£* rxtensiv-rrac-
731 MarKct St.. San Francisco I
&C0.^?V
Cl t)
>SSl^330 MARKET ST. SlSuSrrelay race last Snnd^y. j^ t5f« San \U
teoites tr*vk a trip to RnwmD Wr^sojrfSay
nisht aad were pb«sw4 x* dt»«ywr 'tXa't
there was iw truta ir. the rctaor. T>» S*n
M*teo team owes t; 5 \-joT,-»r% 1t> rvart *^
tie,<CcS«x: haihiaa'e ,d "Herbert V
Ready. naw«r nf tbe t**ra, woo is aa
fiio-trmfr°xt t^w cvoltns Faia^.
T^e annual 9»-«aaac team r*c* cf ta* As
sociated Clr;b< wKi be >^4 Ssai&r Sr-v
trmfcer 1&. The Ohmrpics have w^or. lb«
cup twice, ar4 ctse bmtc victrrx- will rr..**»
it their prrm*i«>sx prcp^rty.' "
. -
A city crdinxT»ce ra • Parts tsrvrats
wo=zea frorj Kixtog typ« at s^!::.
T^«^*T City "Whee^sea aav» tieir a=»
cna: -Sa^xar" rua to-iaprrow xs, SEssdoex
Sar. Jcse, an evert whici is k»cifc«* •;-
wart to by the mfrai^rrs with eoulte^
fisbi and the electioa cf directors wil.**tak 8
Place n-eart Moncay eve-r.trjr at th* t'tv
r.ou5e. fflGoaa Gate nvrr.^. TO C>B^
Tte? cyci^njr evert* at Inplosid* trade <m
frunviay, Sepicabcr J. tn .coTkneoiJon with
'v* >ative t-ons" c-c'tPbra tfAn. w-fll b«i
tHrhly interesting. There %-itl Jv a S
izzle relay race between t^am* a* fv*
m*n each from, tbe OlyrnpJrs, «^lif.t.-Ti!i»*
«arf.en- City*. "Fienft55 aj>d jrv-i?^ibt\- rtn * ,-ir
two other j>2are*, Tbe Bay Citv
pea- wi!> t>« <-r.tcr & W«&, *c4 the Ca^v
was d t >clinf>d. Trr l^v»t\i<?t>al rv^r't* wUJ
consist of a nv:>c bAn<^k-a.p i-,-". bJ»;r-Tr.:'>
scratch fr^- rriznC Kr.trir* c>-t»
with F. W. jfttrWi: 451 Qota, oatV »tto«.
next Tfcsrs&ir. . . * K^'
The Olympic e.ub W=e.-=ea win «r> ta
Baa Jose to-incrrow on the » o'clock trai"
to match their relay tcasa arairat ten
men frca t*e Garden City. TTbe-eime- "•-*
a .-A-mile ccr:t:«t- The OJvmrscs" c^c-c-s
will t* E. F. Russ, P, X. Halnr^:^
B^xw. C. Lobr J. Ephraim, W. PeHar.
L. H. t= j;h, Gecrge McXinner. R. w
E=ery. R» A. Henderson, with «r»p-c«
KrtKtz a-d Zd. Davis a« substitutr?. T.-.s
teari ia is charge et Caytaia T. G.
WHEELMEN ON THE GO.
At th* Alameda Oub sf veral pxxsd
matcne? were played ia mixed double*
Miss Wagner and M. Johnson beat Miss
Miss Emma Huntrr and ITis* Bessie Bow
man, 6—2. Mrs. G. F. Kiacaid and R.
"Whitney beat Miss Hunter aad 34. John
son, f — *. 3irs. Mcnty Kzslett beat Miss
Bessie Bowman. S— P. S— i. Mrs. Has2°tt
and Merle Johnjon be^t Miss Kuntsr and
Robert Whitney. G—Z. yliss H'radra and
Robert Whitney 3 b*at Mrs. Haslett and
M. Johnson, 2d-^. Mrs. Kicat id and Frani
Bartlett were beaten by Miss Bowman
and F. Bain, 4— 4L
The ever.t cf the week at the California
Club was the reappearance of the cele
brated pony team. Adam and Weihe. after
a lapse cf two years. They plavefi a
double match with Grant Sntith and Herb
ert Whitney, wuh hon-ors even s_ 4 %zn
The pc>ny tears has entered fcr th-'ccaVt
championship doubles.
In the "eprtinucais" W. B. Collier Jr
(challenger,' defeated Robert Whitnev in
a close and exciting match. Score *»— t,
1&— N *-4. Walter ilcGaviTi f<>ai R. Cor
r*n easily. «-3, 3-i A! Rcsenber? beat
W. Mc-Gavin. S—i. Richard Erskiae and
P. r>eiafleld Kstia plaved a tie. <— 1. I— t
Grant Smith defeated iLles Biird and
,Ka2m. f^-t. 5—2. Wedhe and Adams beat
Professor Daily and Baird. B^4 f— s *— x
J. A. Code fc^at 3^ Baird, «— i. «— t. judsre
Hunt end Judfe Trc.ntt played a tie
match, six cames alL W. ilcGavin beat
Bcuret. 6—1, 6— i.
[ -Amcne: the entries cf the Alarueda Club
I championship arc H. Landsber^er, Dr.
j Youngt-r, O. fiaslett. C. "UTieatcn, F. Bain.
I H. Gutte. A. 1>. Harrison.' F. Bartlett*
i Fred Bro-wn and Reuben Hunt.
Tt? month of September- premises to be
a- v«ry " buyy" cne for'the tesai» players.
On Septrmbpr' S the Alameda C!ub*will
hold a men's sirgrlf-s f?r the chanapioishi?
cf the club. On Scjptembcr 7 -the ladies
will hold a. tournament fcr the champion
ship and a handsome "silver cup presented
by Henry G-ctte. On September S the tocr
nament £tl>fl Mor.te for tbe coast cham
pionship in doubles will begin.
WIELDING THE RACKET.
Tr> three €•£¦-"*£ are cj>ca for tpe^ial crcers' co t*-e 'L^rs,' .¦..<.^ *-^ j^ San
r.. : " ? A y Et v." ,~ : . ; j < >^- owners will probably cruise; to variT?rs ra&crirg
rrvcsds rr. the ur7 rf -- t^y- TLe C^^frmiss ar^d Erscinals have n>thir.p en tieir
¦ - _-i— ires. Tn* Sr"tn P-s.r« I ¦if.TTm'nVWl & cruis-e to S&i Frz^icisco. but,
i<- hgteiai 5t"=th F^.r yachts win cost U7 f r tb* Admission, day "repaxta. it is
¦ • tr»j -.".Lt try will be in the r.or-.h?~ waten of the tay to-rnorrow. The
Cftk^nc _- * sa will bold a receptioa at the efcbbocse en Sessions Basin
": ; i>. aad w2 i.2.-. e the third rst* ct t'lis s^&^an frr the Holiday Cup.
The ValleJo Tactt. and Btmtog Clab wfil bold a rf^axta on Labor day.
-- . ; a bare esterefl tbe r*r* frrm yfegtnl»-«re« wharf to the last
b-jrT rf I T ta tad retzrr.. the rrise being a har^iF->me Filver tror-hy pre
««-•*-•; -- -h* dub tr a inE cf TeHqo 5*w»1*te-' Two prizes will be awarded in
*^*^jj^*r *« V.^rf>dinff a fsrty— fo c cr foot yarfst csn X.^jse Mcmit. Phe is tf. _»
rhaTKw. fcaxlri s firaJt of «~r!r tJn-e* feet fix inches, and <^ should run fast in
rr-oc - wsters* Bt:: - - ¦ >';¦•- - wi*.! r^st the deeper boats over
-n=«! oc-rw ta a ?-rr-at re*«e and r"B?h water.
p. E^wsasos cf E**re<eer» i» b:::i:rc a. csf-ine Isunch for Alexander
- • _ - - - ;--: - . - i 5- • -• .-.'•- f~rty-~ve f«-t over all. c-f nine feet beam, four
' • trxftj taS *nrty bcr?«r<rr?T. Ebe is to b».tar.dson;?ly fltdsbed in quancr-
K t»-; oak aafi w3 ¦*- ttk?= down to tbe Hawaiiar. Islands on the deck cf a
5 " : T .* ' - - -;. -¦. ¦-¦
Ei-O:=>Sc-» .• ->r 5S. Car -f tfc« Oa^foraia Yacht Club h»* recvlved
¦ - -.7 frcra J. 5L S£acdc3!WS3 vSt2i r*fer«ice to the second 5f ries of trophies
t»» be pr&ezfj*A toy thai r r -_":-? s'uppcr:*-r of yschtinc. Mr. Mardonoujrh has
pggsJseg a frtsr. r cf liupMe* fcr the corni"? live years, but .the exact
Cspectit^. cf tie n^-cnrT" *-g* net -yet befn decided- 3<lEr-.y yarhtfm«-n are of the
cjerior. •*•?• Trr*r* ti- jTLCbtf are small and not very .costly, like tbose in
c» cr ft^ Frtaci5CO Ear. a trcphy valu* rf trw :<? b*" won cctrirht in thrr*
heers i» nr;n«?r«*s*rnr expensive- Mere interest miert be created and mere vfcl
¦ -._- - »acfj: &fT— ucA.t rraAered to .the span tt the sasa w^re expesaficd on two <yr
•Wu ¦ v ' yjT t^ »^i awarded, say. in tne tnirty foot, -tisirty-ffix foot and f n i *. y -
Tr.* yariitrir-e:: cf H<n65r!u ar» dsrussir.? with sntsci! vIjTr the type cf craft
t~*t reftcd tc E*.wx!!£n wnter*. Tber- the cruising is nearly tU in the cp*=
?-«-*. to tiit the i»:a-ts =;-^rt be f.ssth. nb> tr.i weathrrly. Thtir Fpee-d Is %
C -t cf fj-cf-darr :r:7'S-rtar:ce- Tr.e H^-srs^ian yachtsmen are newly cf tbe
: :.---. •hit rtdrg < i«'ftw» are of :s rr«ftical va!ue €ic»pt to thos* who
«r* palS for tre£finir thtm. and that th-ey. d^ter sjen of moderate means from
7T*T**g ic> jtcirtns- *t l? fu?-r«-s.t*si th.it a. cis-s? cf Vnt^cfcabouts buiTt from the
b^rt <£r*i£Z2 cbt£irai£« FfeavM be otstracted. £? the racing- b»twe*Ti boats all
' ¦- «^r:* 'TV* wSA 4uF»n k«-?r. ar.-2 . intwrsili;?. Amon? bectf all cf
--« <o«— .« — o>i< tr« one that w-a* hr.r£ea b^n wculd win. Cuts are being pre
-*r>gfi cf s. c-scpn fc-r a rr-iiting yariit that *e*m* especiaijy suitable for
.ni.wz— xn «»t— _ii. . ¦•-¦ ¦ • .
e'c»3? Srta has t*ra tpenfi^ir tbe part week at Naps, which si* reached
oa Ucriay aftcmocn tft*r a cxx»2 trip from Esusalito. On Tuesday nornlns
O* rp* T- 5^ "R"=:t?. R. r>. Robf rts-n asi "K". Hu=phrey* were j-.5r.rd by Anhcr
Ink)er»'ey. Bad the csarrtt essty*^ the cnfEmflitr lasd fprn cf lawn tennis.
Qa W*>dn.**diy R. D. Bsbertsa r«Bn»ed to tb« ci:v. The r*riair.ir£ three tock
Miw Lcclse Churchill, iliss Gertrade Tbotspsoci and Miss Beatrice TJicmpsbn
for * cmisw? 6-wr the cr»*i. .Vfter towing Cows fcr scsw distaace a £ne brecse
o» up tnd an ideal koH wai f=*oy*-2- Tse tiren wiU b* at Yallejo to-iSajr
ROD AND GUN ITEMS.
Tris i* the midway f^rur.p s_n£ hrintins
" - - r. . tnd Tfrf little cf rpgt:t fc*s
t**s !nd'-lsred :r by tbe habitual <n*3ters
tni. fiber* restfltas in Eaa Franrrsco.-
Tfc* E*J Btrcr b the mamctic Ao±e tor
tn* ar.??er» *t present. *z»d report* frens
tbes* waters are ITke * fait * f n:* on the
durty € <P wrt. Colon*? KeBebfcr is on tbe
bsrts cf ifc* C E»*. River, and J. Terser
«=£ S. K<p"er «r-;^ sorn be there. On Ssp
t»^s.b*T ZZ a l£.rj:e party cf lt>rsl fisiscrs
wsi try thrlr Jack in tris rtr«:n-.. -
In tie yloc^fc* oST P«talta=a Crrek
rtrip->d bsjo> b»v«» been werminr tbe
i:*xrrs cf <r=ite a few anjr'ers- Ancy ~L*~
FXT&e twrk out a ninete» n-p<~cnder_ from
£aa Astcsio Cre*k. and by -,h'« rljmisl a2
¦"*--tt;r* won the-mr£sl of ttje- £*n Fran
c:sc*« Baas C^i far tbe iarsexi catch «
;4se season.
Dr. Peed *sA H. Ray had a novel «c*
rlerc^ ce»r CSorerdale. Ti>ey w«r* oct. tor
£e*Y tai pr case — *n-«id tame back, with
z. red ribbec arcr^ja it* 'tJtrcat. Tise owner
rusfced rpsa tte scrre eicrt^r after tae
kliMn? ci fcer pet mni was cn!y <raieted J=
mir.6 by xh* «acrl3ce cf C» oa the part "cf
the . _* ¦• r5
WITH THETR^P SHOOTERS
Two trap events are »et fcr Sunity.
Se7te=ber :. at Ir**eriie. The Union G=r
Cteb «2 tlaae away at blserocis tad tb*
Califsmi*. "Winy Ciub members VU1 k£l
pipeen* for prixes. On 5epte=Eber S Use
Sen Frsrcifcc Gun Club will -mas* b!ue
rt>ciEs at Irgisside sri the Empire Gus
Club will try tie same at Air.-r.eda Poinu
The rr« aost disc=s»e5 by trap shont
er» at present is the reported snnullsient
cf the dates wt fcr the big- shoot of the
Ctlifrrria Irarin^ate Target Association.
Ttls t>ig n-T-sai erent was set fcr Sep
tember J> and 1%. bst owinjr ts a failure of
"certain contemplated plan* It hsu bees
SW/AMiNG AT SUTRO'S
"jc^q: are in- Twines icr tne swim
snlnr <rr=test* at £urre Batijsnext Ena-
dash, jsvenilrs^ — G. Ardersoa. R.
Kfnnan. E. Wc&ii L. Greesan, J. S»s-
Cfrp. A. ilartinet. J. ii&msay. J. Patter..
C Deserts. TX Shiplry. H. Carter. G
Adirr. J. Hann*. J. Ifcxcn. J. Refers F
Backer. J. Patten, J. E»ou?!aFE. F. Wol'e
Si. I>ov:l£s&. iL Roach. F. Hurbes D
HiltI. F. Crowder.. M. Broad. H Stelljes
C. FrMfilcit5. W. H*v«, j. K-mjsn. "
Under-tater *wimmir« content, hith
divir.r fcr boys tpd living for plates-
I95>-Tsxfl r*ee. am3f«-cnt — E. E?ari- G
MW«fc*n. c. Hame*. P. Levm, 3i Riding"
W. Cook. J. Bra'ii*-v. C. Augustus k'
Cl2>t^r. H. Wilbcrt, M. Carsjoiy, T
Thompson. P. I^srce. W. O'Britn Fl
K.&1f:o». G. Znir.x. O. Lcw«sl>rnr". C
t»uk<». L. H^nlon.. J. Rv«s }i. S*-»b&cn F*
Svo:t*% P. S urberr.
irick lz-A fancy ypTirpboard divirg—
tV. Carroll. W. Wallace. JL Cordrll. A.
B<^«. G. ChR!m*r. F. Ritter. O. Ower-«
W. MrGuire. F. Butterwerta. J. A. Jack
*onJ F. Paine. H. I>M*cn. H. Mitched.
D. Hsnd. G. O'Brien. J. SheJton. L. Scot:
J. K<!:y, J. Gardiner, T. Carter. F. Lewis.'
¦ » »
NOTES FROM THE KENNEL
The entries fcr the Sacramento bench
tbcw amount* tG between two and three
hundred, a most satisfactory resuiz for aa
Initial venture, and cne wfcica will insure
tiie perniasjence cf the bench show «.« a
peart cf tie annual State ¥&>r. The ar
rival of L_ A. Klein of Guttenberg V J
wi:h his strimr of Eastern prire- winner*
wlU be awaited with much interest- Tb»
fhow.cpcns on TTednesdav. tie *ta a^d
c5c«es on the tth.
The ertrie? fcr Tanfrran are rr. — >y ia
triskl:.-. Jacring frcxa present prospects
Use entries will l»rrely exceed 4X». aad tie
tier wUl ecns*<5uently have a r-aiue of
five points in tie wix^ers" ci»»«2J.
RYAN TRAINING
FOR A HARD
FIGHT
Houseman's Show of
Enmity to Jim
Corbett.
Ix«j Kct^emsn says i~ strong latrap
that Uait^Gortoett-McOoT 2ght was a. fake.
With s. number of allitera.tive and bum
ing- adjectives he denounce* the fighters
£5 forties to a scheme. th€ purpose of
which was to rob in high-handed fashion
an easy, trsriful public Of course it
m&t:eri* not what the peneraJ public cares
cr thinks about the matter, especially
iIsdj* who saw the ftztx fcttw-ecn the two
listic . combatant*. Hou&eman lias his
opinion-, and ae Would attenipt t.o. force
it down tbe threat of every otJber j:>er>cn.
Thxt tfa?re w&s mort \indicuve animus
in Koufesia's frothy and prejudiced
opiEion no one wbo knows bias will for
a moment doubt. He was always -o-->j>o=eJ
to Corbett- In «?-arf-on City <_-orbeti cr
der»-d him cut of his traininsr quarters.
and Hotis«nan left with more haste than
grra.ee. Since that time tbe critic has har
bored nothing but revens-tfui ideas
airain5t CortKtt. He is now g-ettiner even.
Tommy Ryan and Jack Mc2a;u that is
the oext fistic event for the local rinc
poers. and it promisees to be a l'~ely mix
up. Both Sshters are hard at •«(*£.. Ryaa
!n his quarter? fit tee Temtinzl and Mof
fatt at the Sesl Ro-rk House on the beaci^
It was eo f asy wcrk that Ryan went
through Thursday afternoon. First he
sjug^ed'the bag:, and ween Ky&n punches
this Je~atb€rc bail it is no fancy, pleasing
s^rt of a pastime. He works hard and fast
at jth* 54a* time. Eicbt rounds of .fiphi
irjp—four wiih Jack JenTries and four with
. ' l. i. Kennedy, both h°a.\"y-weicht.s. using
their Ftrengtn la tur?ir.s: and wre^ling—
left Ryan as f riskj' and as full of life as
at the beginning of his work. Then came
«. tossing- of tbe medicine ball, and later
on rcpe-sJdripinE. at all cf which Jlyan is
an aaept- "This consecutive and contin
uous work upon a rix-mile rzzx in the
morning made a busy day cf it. Ryan
weipfas abc»ut 1SC» pounds at present and is
conditicnir.c rapidly.
Jsrk Moffatt has much to take cX but
he will be in prirae shape when the day
for combat arrives. Tnere were ten extra :
poxtnds on Mon"£tt when be returned from -
Chicagt>. but he is fast turning soft 5e5h
to bard muscle. Not a moment d&es h-e i
neglect in fcis training work. He now has
a iweaithy, out-of-door ioc.k and a cheer- :
ful spirit'as welL F. -<:h fighters "atter !
uothiEg but words of confidence in tbeir
own ability to win. but they seem to have
a wholesome respect for each other. * '
Jack Jewries says he is willing- to meet
any lijrht h*-a.vy- weight before any clua. i
He is amic-us fcr a matciu-
Tcmmy Ryan says he will fight Root in i
this city at any time, and a local club is ;
now looking fcr tne match.
¦ • ¦
CHASING THE GOLF BALL.
Now that many cf the grolf ers have re- ]
turned frr=2 Bel Monte and otter Enaaer j :
T*sons local golf will revive. H. B. Gooi- ]
win of the San Francisco Golf Club re- j
turned resterOx; frczn Southern Califor
nis. where he basbeea playins: repnlarly
for two cr three weeks past- Sa^ta Monica
has been fall cf yjEltcrs. rcaxy cf them |
being golfer*, ani the recent locraan'Et j
there was well contested. On .ilendty. !
September 3, there will be a tcurnamcr.t j
on the Frrsidia Mr.ks for the Liverpool j
medal and £ second prise. There will sls-o !
be eoritestF on the San Francisco course •
durine tbe Adiaissloii day holidays, but i
the. details have rart yet be*n arranged.
The <;ual:fyirig rounds fcx the Council's ]
cup competition of tbe Saxi Rafael Golf \
Club will be played on Labor day, the ;
f-ipht players who sake the lowest scores j
emericfr the contest for the trophy. The j
qaaU'yir.rr round for the Ladies" cup will 1
be played ots the same day : under s;a!!ar I
cr>nG;t>or:s. The canine: rounds of the cup :
ccr.:ests vrill take place on Saturday, Sep
tfmber the s*mi-£nal rounds on Men- >
'1&.y and the final rounds oa the follow- ;
See: aay. ' ¦
The Oakland- Golf Club baa prepared a :
prosramrne for the months of September.
October and Xcvember. On September 8 |
there -srill be mixed foursome?, wi'h. band- j
ieap, for club members, over eiphteea i
hole*. match play, the prixes bc:n?r silver i
xaedals. Ozi the Wb and 11th there will be !
an open handicap" over eighteen hol?-s> '
match play, for rfiver trophies. On thef,
124 two teams cf six men each will be se- :
2»s-ted. tne captains cbo-osin? alternately. '
The piay will -be roecals- or match, as the <
car-tains may de-ride. ' -; ; ¦.; "- 1
The sixth a-r.ual oper. handScap touma- I
naent of tbe Santa Cautfina'Golf Clcb at- '¦
tract«i cnxr-e? from almost all the clubs
•of Southern California. The ladies" ©pea .'
handicap cotrp^iitinn. ever tJphteen holes, |
medal plBy^/was the first event on ifce pro- i
pramnse. prOa medaJ for best pross <
wore was won bv Miss Sreiia "Bumi'ler. i
who also won the" first prixe fcr bog net ]
Foore. Mrs. dice takine the prise for next j
l»€« net sccre. Tbe. men's open handicap. I
over t-hirty-six holes, medal play; brought ¦
out rsany ¦vrell-known golfers, aaoni; I
then bctos "H"- Walton, X. F. Wilshire. \
E. E. Tuf:s. "»\". H. Tos=e.W. Kar?:rrav<:«=. {
Ci<rn€Et Hull. R. XewhtU. S. C Lir<ejs F I
V. Rider. H, Cra!?r; J. E. Hoy, H. Aader- |
son. G. E. Nolan. A. Smith. C HsrfrTeavcs,
E. W. Toan^, A. F. Hubbard. F. W. Bur- ',
nett. Colin Stewart. E B. Howe^ E. Ho- ,
?rp.n end F. GLHejen. The handicaps were ;
en a - bojrey basis, the lowest being: thosie I
ofiWaltoc. W:i5fcire. Tufts and Young-, i
wio receivf^ f tor each. The rold cifdai :
for best pross t-ccre was ta>:en hy Winsor J
Walton with ; ITS. The same player also 1
took the prixe for second best handicap |
sccre. with CS-Ien 4-1SS. E.B. Howe took ;
tn^ prize for best handicap score, with 202 }
less 35-lKi. Por th*» fwsfl best ; etces j
score £. C. Lines and R. XewcaU" Uea J
¦with ITS, Walton in otse of his rounds ;
scored E?. bo£r?y bein? ST. The special corn- 1
petitioa for the Banning cup took p!are !
between the sixteen play€-rs who made j
ben proFs score? in the men's handioo, i
E. B. Howe'-s place bein? taken by F. Gil- I
lelen. who staod seventeenth on the list, j
There were also cpea drivtes. contests for i
men and women, and men's, foursomes \
with handicap a?^inft bepey-
¦ ? ¦
GfSYTON IS OUT OF- IT.
The Ean Francisco txrd San Mates Afri- j
cultural Association feas declared the 2
preat staJUon Gavton cut of the Western j
Stallion stake wfcicii was set for the Tan- 1
foraa zaeetias.
WAITING FOR
FUTURITY
EVENT.
Day for Dogs That Will
: Make Coursing
History.
Coursing men. one ana all, are looking ;
toward the great Futurity stake with'
taper interest, and ¦well they may do so- ,
Without a single exception it wil be the ;
preatest event cf its kind ever' rcn in
America. Both from the number of desrs '
entered and the site of the prises this
stake will make history in American
coursing. .j
Present indications show that the stake ;
will be a larjre -cne — probably ninety-six !
entries, though in a futiirity the exact
nuEjber can never be foretold; The draw. i
5= the thinr which determines the number
cf dors in the stake, and this will take
place next "Wednesday night.
So far Kinr Cotton is tiie favorite in th* 1 - 1
Innir-odds book, sellinp at So. Vandal, La- :
vina. Hariean, Gladys and Floodrate are
marked at J1C; Ben Kirby. Kanaka, Ca*- •
i-a-fie. Silver Cloud and Ben Lomond at tI5; ]
Psyche, Golden Garter, Crawford Rex. '¦
Freeda C, Castaway. Strayaway and !
Es=r3y Daws at J2D; Heaawatfr «.nd Talk
To Me at !2. Lcu?5i2*aeh at Cft. Rox- ]
ana et 349 has found a. fancier who has !
risked $20 on his ciioice. The betting en
the low-marked docs has been brisk and !
stsaor.
In all probability the Union Park Cours- I
ir.c Association will hold two midweek .
stakes this week, one on Wednesday and \
the other Von Thursday. This will be done j
to give the dosrs a chance to ran. next I
Saturday and Sunday bein? the days fox I
the Futurity. Besides the Futuritv a
champion rtake will be. added, both draw? ;
bein^ set for "Wednesday evening- a- ;
Pythian Castle.
The Inirieslde Coursinp Association will ]
bold its second meeting at the ?ji M&teo
coursinir park September 15 and 15. A
midwf-ek stake for September U has not '
been planned. On September 1£ and 15 an i
oren and champion stake will be the card '
and a liberal pri*e list wni be offered. "
A chanpe in slippers will go into effect at !
Ssn Mateo park when that place reope-is :
"William Ryan has resigned and Arthur i
lls^sey has been appointed ia his place.
J. Brownies of Tipton, the rabbit sup- j
iftiez of the park, has registered four ol I
the Eti Lawrence-Mountain Belle puppie*- i
J. Dennis two October- Woodcock puppies' I
the first of his get.
For "Freedom has been bred to "Merritt '¦
by Firm Friend-Gallant Foe. Overture re- !
c-etved first service ' to Fleming's Fnrr- ;
O2den W-Border*s Valentine.
The stake that will be run down to-day !
at Union Park consists of 122 entries ol
high, car? and trfed-oct dog*. The. pickirc
of winners will be a matter of rreat dif
ficulty. •
The largest stock farm in Iowa is in j
Ida County. It consists of 1300 acres and J
has 230!) head of cattie a-id XO hops ca I
it nearly ready for isarkeL
REPRE5EXTATIVE PITCHERS OF THE LEAGUE CLUBS
t | \SZ crerr 5 and E!=gSe senders or the -rari-r=s rsTrt=5 clxibs *r» «3 narf *i
I work practicing- for the chnT-r^cnship reg-atta on Ad^=i«s±m dax. Tbe
-••J[V Ariels and Pioneers wCl g-et ready in their own charters for the* events
in which they taie part, while the Sorth Enf3 wi3 cfTcr tie-cse cf tieir
clubhouse &t the foot o* Third street to the carrmen cf th» ATaj=ji^da, o:ts-'-
IXvIphiii and Tritt>= clnbs. The marshal cf the cwctj? trm be a.: tb» Sl^-atji Erd
boathctise zrd the ¦s^ristant nsarshaJ -wii! attend t? The Ar>: e^:3 ITcreer ;-rew«.
so thar there shocld te cs difScslty in puHinc- ci" th» everts p^urtuaUy.
Of course, there era en* cr two little diSszltlei in the way cf naiinr tie
reratta CDmj.rctely sscctssrul. btit there is ev-rr rea*-n to r^Ueve ti*.t these c*a
be. adj'jtFted. It i? said that the. rew ontricired sii~ c* the a ; a —¦¦»•" Bo»t <TZ^1»
is 5D light and sr-eedy a boat that she stands in a class by hcrselT tnd ctn"b*
e<Xt:aled ty none cf the skif!s en the bay. Sots* cf the scslless jay that they io
cot th!rk It cf any rr* to enter in » rar* in which the Alameda V?^re«>rtatiT»
will have a crsft so ciearlj- superior. However, if worst cerae* to the wm^. tie
Alam^ia? •w-;:i inaXe three or fotrr entries in each cf the ski^ races *n*~ w"^
make u? an Ir.terestirc event for the Bpectaten.
The Alampd3 Beat Cub 5? hiEzly elated at th» m-ress of its r»?re*crt*.tlT»?
at the Astoria regatta. Gecrfr-e I>ewi? br-rrrit back Three roU mei*i*^lfsr"ti
senJcr and Junior skin* everts and the dn-^> |j'i ¦¦lilt' Tmil rare. T. Aj-rW ani
Georre Lewis are particularly deliphted with their victory in the last ~t-*~»*
event, in -srhich. thourh ptima* in a craft t^if£=£iar ro them, the- d»*ca.*?^
the Portland cra-cks. Fatton and Glnss. The Alaz=e<ia reprw*n.tidvfts " ran cz£y
CETrifd o3 r gr>ld cha.Tr:~ionship me-dais. b*ut *'=o were presente-2 with, a nf^r rsea
.The'South End F-owinEr Club win be well iwm muted fci th* chxrraiaesila
reratta. It will send in serisr. Intermc-iiat; and Jsrior binre crewv It has al
ready made er.tries in the junior shell race and -the s«n5er tnd f^rJrrr cct~ V- _f
skiff events I>r. C C I>ennis win pn3 in the senir-r «k!iT r*,~e iS?I« H^ns'e
may row in the senior shell event. Georre McGrCl ina.y enter the lt=i— she"
race. The Alanedas will have the -larsrst nz=ber^ cf entries is th» hi^t"— '
the cl-b— junior, intermedia:*' and senior banre cre-a-x, trs =en in the «=Jor sSi*
and one in the jnnior s kiT. If n;n>r« ,#f ether cJaba sSxTdd refsse to* "wul
airairiEt the Alame-ias' new rttfT the Alsstedsa O rse th» c!-"* w-sir'' Nsala
ta fill oat the entry list, f - .
At Che meeting cf Uu rexitta cr=3!tt?- cf ti« «t=i-c-rtcmi»: e^ e v_.«-,
which met at the Palace Hotel en TVedr.-esdar- eveninr ths'actiaa. c* -the **
conm^ittee. cf the Pacinc Associxtlcn. cs tv* prevl^cj X*^ixy wr!»* r'
The Ariel Rowirr Club is well satls£>3 with tre wsrk isz.9 a; t v e As*— *
recatta by the junior barre crew, -wrich defeated & Tv^^Mn?ffrgr Tna.-"* -^T'l*
A. TT. Pape. Gecrsre Kater. E. Krasne«i: and W. O. Patch." Tv» <- e " *~T»-_ I
are keepini: up their practice and the club wishes them t> cuter: beta V tia
junior end tajteftaed&le t-arre ere-:?.. The Arl»:3 win bar? V---f»s 1= '"*r^
«ver.t exr«rt the msSot baree rare. "^il^am.MrCans'.sna w-n. r ni:*^ tha Z. i^
shfll and Hear WEks in the innir.r Kh«n. the latter ha-rtn- r fcaV^ tt V
¦Wittkoprs' craft- Either E. J. Lynch cr J. Al G?dde-i w— iLC^TZ ,-5"> ~£
the juniprskiff event end :Jx>hA Fickra cr Cn*r:?s Wllscn ta thV iSrS^^S
The j«:rjcr banr? crew is made up cf H. Foley, H. Xekes. TT. gr=:th ar« i* TrlZ
£ac. the last ixteg ?trrk». At the Belvedere resratta H. LnhTren was itroke
The FSmariaratogr^tqm crew is training artrre^y 1= t£e a4w bxrrs «-*"
junior four is'takirc rcpuJsr practice. .
: Th«» Ariels- are receiving' many applications fcr membcrth'-v A* th«
rseetirit s-evra new SMS&beta were elected and elevm *.?pircaticns -^^rre* -vl
ttteat cf dbc hundred wTJ soon fc. reached! ' The training cf t^c carrm^s ts -4S
interfered .with by the hnp- les rat:, which ecn^e-ls th-m t5 rajT^n*;^"^
SKIFFMEN ARE AFRAID OF
ALAMEDAS' SPEEDY CRAFT
SKVURAL cf ti* T*cits wi2 tafc? <~r*m?*i- cr=!s€» «nrlnr the X-£bcr iar
:t--« XSie CrrintiiEns -s.t« <-ur*-jv::e: & cr-ui«* ta T.r.k»-rtr:e for the
CTSiae ta McNors L^ri--?. Tr- :a-r:s- w-2! r? ep this eve-.:r.g ts far
ki th» PeaQsra dawtxi&gg urf tc-nrrrtw wl^ p? rp to lAkerSle,.
»-I:«r* th*r "^ni rcmtin tiU itcnCAj" Tnrrrinp. wt:«n & hir^ tide serves to brins
YACHTSMEN WILL ENJOY A
LONG SAIL TO LAKEVILLE
EYES OF FANATICS FIXED
ON SENATORS AND WASPS
Crack Pitchers of Both Teams Will Be in the
Box for Both Games.
SACR_0::E:>~rO vrZl t-egln 'ts 5=erie>
zjctinst Str: Francisco this afrer
-r-os. The fanatics ere nururer ani
thirrt rtrictet: fcr this rseetinc aad
bare b*cn ti'iirc tieir thrcits s.r>6
t'r.^:es thirk tri drr cv*r the r^i-^-'
r»pu!t- :t ¦will i>e a ttruepie. If prepars
tirn e»Tnts fw azytzinsr. 3c-th ttan? w:'.'
C5« their best twtrlers zzA the r^msxers
-
h&ve Ne«s rpfulisr J*^=os*— threats r.f pu=
ishraents and penal-ies — to the plavers to
forestall error*.
Tfce chaispion?, twenty mile? aray
fron every oth?r team in th« le&rne
r.o: nisy xr«*-ks J-E'o. have snZer*"i
p. reeucUoa in il»e pfparaxtcff fiis
t»uce by xhe cntrard m«h of San Fran
cisco's baJl players, wbo jusspei by rayid
Ftride* from fourth to second place.
¦WiihLn knocking distance of the. leader?
the local men received a setback, but cnly
;-. leinjxsrary cne. And now the champions
and ixj« place ¦ money getters will battle
!n dusJ diamond combat on the local
grounds,.
Although the Harkftes ca-nsot eTen by
ihree strclgiit i"ictor:es E-rxnour:t the Sen
ators in the stancinp colasi this series
cf three pamfs -will be a crucial test in
the race for ultimate championship hon
crs. The Senatorial lead is a positive cne
STjd ii is big ia lie percentage c?tiTnate.
A majority of zraines for tbe local te-s.ni
xrould cut that le^^ considerably. The
reverse iroaid make the road to the pen
rant thick ft-ith inire Sot the San Pran
df<o team. So m-ch «3€T"ends upon these
three passes, ttro of •which will be played
at Recreation Grounds and the thira at
Oakland. . - . ¦ •_•. -,;
Perhaps the best game cf the season
ires playc-3 at Sacranento last Sunday
between San Francisco and Sacramento.
The score 1-9 tells a story of its own.
Knell -was the scintillant on the diaxnond
raciteTourii, fcoidins: down the stalwart
stickers of the. capital city to three iso
lated hits. .Hug-hes occurred the^slab for
Sacramento, and his performance was of
its arsaJ merit, six bits a.srainst him belnr
tlie inscription in the score. This per
formance insure* a noisy, yelling crowd of
fanatics at the . paces to-day and to
morrow. They expect something fast.
furious and excitinir. If they fail to get
it the disappointment will be preat. ¦
Ibursr will be i a the box for the after
noon fames. On Saturday his fight will
be against Doyle, and on Sunday arainst
Hurhe?. Knell will do the twirling in the
moraine- paxae at Oailand. The Sacra
znmio pitchers will be ie-pt busy this
week, for the tie pajne played about two
months s~o between Sacramento and
OaXIand "»rill be played oJ Mosdar (Labor
day) at Recreation. Grounds. '
The standing cf the clubs is as follows:
During the Admission day celebration
San Francisco will be treated to a regruiar
fiesta of baseball. Beginning on Septem
ber S. closing oa September 11. ail the
teams -will nave a whack at It on the Rec
reation diamond. Seven games •will be
played, one Saturday afternoon tsd two
FIESTA OF BASEBALL IS
ARRANGED FOR NEXT WEEK
Four Clubs of the League Will Flay a Series of
Games in This City.
eaci s'aeree.dln.r' afternoon. Th» pannes
will begin at 15) o'clock and the admis~
jdon price will be raided to 5-3 eer:t.=.
The schedule will be as follows:
E>pte=:ber f Oakland vs. Stocktos
September S Oailar.4 vs. ?E.cra=e:st;>
September S San Frarvciseo vs. Ftocitca
S»rrenit«er 30 r»y-»-,-< vs. 5iock*m
September 10 Sen Francisco rm, Sacramento
September 11 Sta Fraaris» va. Oaxlari
September U Emi.'.n.ta vs. Etc-cktm
Line-up for to-day's pa=» is rj fcHrrs:
Sic-r^Licerito. Psriticns. Ear. Frmadaea.
cja^^e-r Catclwr - EuUivas
I»->yie.". ..Piteser Rrcrj
Htnksn First bare -- Pa£*t
S-taltx .'..siec-md ba»e .fcbwa.r:z
I»v»r?i-ji Third base — R*-!!:r
JIaffvn ~. ?ii^rl«nT> ......... — ICr=jr
MriArchlta — Left Se3i -. 1*"
H=xb-? Ce=ttTftel3 Brsckire-r*
Dearie. _Rxbt field. H£Setras2
REALM OF SPORTS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1900.
4
flfeifefl
Mi's %i
4
*
CLUBSL
tea Fnaciseo
tcctio=.
>at:-3>4
I S2 i
] s ]
I iS !
ill
flfeifefl
Mi's %i
4
*
CLUBSL
tea Fnaciseo
tcctio=.
>at:-3>4
I S2 i
] s ]
I iS !
illWHY THEY WANT THE
GAME WARDEN REMOVED
SALINAS. Aug. 31.-S!ngles champion
ships B class tennis tournament of Mon
terey County will b« hMd In the courts
of this city to-morrow. The drawing took
place to-night Rr.d a groat many entries
were In. Great enthusiasm prevails and
much rivalry exists, especially between
PatclSc Grove and Salinas enthusiasts.
Monterey Tennis Tournament.
CHICAGO. Aug. Cl.-Mif? McAtcer, the.
prrsf-nt tennis chsmplon of the. United
Ftates=. and Miss Banks of Philadelphia
¦will meet to-morrow at Kenwood in the
finals for the Western championship. In
the semi-finals to-day Miss Banks <?t-feat
e<\ Miss Chaplin. C-^l. 6—3. and Miss Me-
Ateer won over Mass Steever. C — 3, C — 2.
Lady Tennis Champions.
SOUTHAMPTON. L. I.. Aug. 31.-The
6etnJ-flnaIs of the Woman's National
Golf Championship were played here to-
Amy under the most favorable weather
condition?. There was a ir.u«-h larger
r*-ov.'d following the two matches than
has been scon upon the links th:3 wr-< k.
The f:r«t pair to drive off w*-re M!fp
Vunice Torry. Ardslcy. and Miss Franrp?
S Griscom.'Merion Cricket Club. The
feoor.d P«ir. Miss Beatrix Hoyt. Shinne
rock. and MIfs Marcaret Curtis.. Eftsex
County, probably the strongest player of
the Boston ron'Ar.zr-nl . started soon
afterward. Miss Curtis is an exception
ally long driver and has attracted con-
Fidemble attention this week with her
briiliant style of playing.
Mips Grifcnm, Philadelphia, beat jI'ss
Eunice Terry. Ardsley. one Tip in r.ir.e
t*en hoU-s. Miss Curtis, Boston, beat
Hiss Hoyt. the former champion, one up
In twenty holes. This leave? Mi5«s GriF
wm and" Miss Curtis to contest for the
champior?»hJp.
The final match for the club cun for
the third right was won by Miss Bessie
Howe. Pittsburg. who defeated Miss M.
Harrison by two xiip ar.d one to p'.ay. The
rwp for the fourth eight wa« won by Mrs.
William Shi: r^n. Morris County, who de
feated MSfs Bjrt. Philadelphia, by three
tip and two to play.
pionship Played.
Scmi-Finals of Women's Golf Cham-
3OSS HOYT BEATEN. *
For centuries the alchemists, who rep
resent the best of medieval science, be
stirred themselves over their crabbed
scrolls and smoky furnaces to find three
precious things— the universal solvent, the
philosopher's stone and the elixir of life.
Human ideals change slowly, for all the
change in human environment and lan
guage and power, riches and length of
days still represent the secret wisnea of
nine- men out of ten. Bacon, with his
usual sagacity, observed that any one who
professed to have discovered a way of
putting off old age, or of renewing youth,
would not easily be believed. But he add
ed that it was much more likely, to be at
tained by rules which the persevering
study of nature would gradually teach
mankind, than, as the alchemists, who
were unconsciously founding modern
chemistry, still hoped, by means of "a
very few drops, or even scruples, of some
precious llrjuor or quintessence." He was
so far In the fashion, however, as to give
three of the best recipes for the manu
facture of such a liquor, though, with the
proviso that it was rather mind than body
that these cordials were likely to affect.
One consisted of potable gold, which there
Were many approved ways of making: an
other consisted of pearls dissolved in Cleo
patra's manner, or filed down Into a con
serve with ; sweetmeats; a third of pow
dered emeralds and jacinths, about which
he was prudently not very sure ob asperl-
Wbatever might have been the virtues
of such nostrums, one thing Is clear— they
were hopelessly out of reach of the or
dlnarv man. and If they had been efficient
the universal longevity of the rich would
have developed a more complete plutoc
racy than has yet been known. But none
of them was any good, and It is only in
the New Atlantis that men have yet dis
covered the "water of paradise * • •
very sovereign for health and prolonga
tion of life."— London Spectator.
ufacture of Such a Liquid.
Bacon's Three Recipes for the Man-
ELIXIR OF LIFE.
BOSTON. Aug. 31. — At to-day's session of the
National Fraternal Congress the principal busi
ness was the consideration of the question of
the examination of societies by insurance de
partments.
NEW YORK. Aug. 31.— The failure of Edwin
Brandln. a member of the Stock Exchange
since ISol, Is announced. He has practically no
open contracts at the exchange. The failure
Is considered a small cne.
SYDNEY, N. S. W., Aug-. 31.— The steamer
Moana. Captain Carey, which sailed from this
port August 29 for San Francisco, baa on board
%2,7X>M*> in gold.
LONDON. Aug. 31.— The announcement of
the death of Lord Farnham made here yester
day was erroneous.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
WILLOWS, Aug. 31.— The second day of
the Glenn County fair was celebrated with
a bicycle race meet, resulting as follows:
One-third mile. Orr first. Harms second;
one mile race, Annerlau first. Brown sec
ond; two miles, handicap, Greely first,
Johnson second; one-half mile race, An
nerlau first. Brown second: five mile relay.
Willows first, Marysville second. Oak
Park Wheelmen, Sacramento, third.
Bicycle Races.
Local Men Will Play the Lake
County Representatives a .
Series of Games.
The proposed cricket match. Young
America versus Great Britain, which w.is
talked about last week, was not played,
as the British and Colonial representa
tives could not get a team together. The
local cricketers have several matches
ahead of them and were pleased to have
a day which they might devote to some
other recreation. To-morrow the first
match of the fifth series of local contests
will be played on the Alameda grounds
between those old antagonists, the Pacific
and Alameda elevens. The Pacific repre
sentatives will be H. C. Casidy (captain),
C P. Coles. A. B. Willis. J. H. Harbour.
G. Theobald. J. J. Theobald. A. W. Wild
ing. D. Jamieson. W. Jamieson, W. Mc-
Donald. W. G. Selwood and W. Hender
son. The following wil 1 wear the blue and
white: R. B. Hogue, J. H. Saunders. F.
Croll. B. Bird, 11. Ward Jr., V. SeebecK.
W. G. Fortmann. P. E. McLean. F. Stahl.
W. Riehter and W. Read or G. J. Baugh.
The team of local cricketers for the trip
into Lake County is made up. The four
representatives of the Pacific Club are
H. C. Casidy. J. Myers. A. B. Willis and
A. W. Wilding. The Alameda Club will
contribute R. B. Hogue. F. Croll. V. See
beck and \V. G. Fortmann. while Arthur
Dickenson. K. G. Sloman and J. GuiM
will represent the California Club.
The above make a team that should b«
able to give their hosts in Lake County
an interesting contest. The team will
leave San Francisco .next Saturday after
noon by the North Pacific Railway and
will journey to Lower Lake by way either
of Hopland or Calistoira. J. Myers, the
wicket keeper for the Pacifies, is already
in Lake County on a vacation and will
join the city eleven thore. The first match
of the tour will be played on Sunday. Sep
tember 9, against the Burns Valley Crick
et Club. •
An eleven of the Santa Cruz Country
Club Cricket Club will come up to this
city during the Admission day celebration
and will play a two days' match on the
9th and 10th against as good a team of
city cricketers as can fee made up out of
those local players who do not. go on the
Lake County trip. The first idea of the
Santa Cruz cricketers was to play two
matches, each lasting one and a half
days but J. F. Coope visited this city
a few days ago and. after a conference
with R. B. Hogue. decided to play one
match lasting two days against a com
bined eleven of local cricketers. The city
team will be made up from the following:
C. P. Coles. A. Willis. W. G. Selwood. J.
H. Saunders. W. Henderson. D. Jamie
son W. Jamieson, F. Stahl. B. Bird. Hen
ry Ward, Harold Ward Jr.. W. Rlchter,
W. H. Howard and P. E. McLean.
CRICKET IN SEVERAL
PARTS OF THE STATE
May Have Yellow Fever.
NEW YORK. Aug. 31.— Ignacio Garcia,
aged 23, a steerage passenger on the Leo
XIII. which arrived this morning from
Havana, was removed to Swinburne Isl
and for treatment and observation. Dr.
Doty, health officer of the port, says Gar
cia shows symptoms indicating yellow
fever. The steamer and 124 passengers
are held at quarantine for disinfection and
to Eerve cut the balance of the quarantine
period of five days. Nine immuns pas
sengers were permitted to land.
LA CROSSE.'Wis.. Aug. 31.— A scheme
will materialize in a few days to combine.
all but the largest of the local breweries
into one big company, with $1,200,000 capi
tal, and erect a new modern brewery,
closing all others owned by the companies
involved. The combine will include the
G. Heilman Brewing Company, C. & L.
Michel Brewing Company, F. Bartl Brew
ing Comprvny and Zeisled & Son. The John
Gur.d Brewing Company, which recently
built a f'ne plant, will not enter the com
bination. Papers are now being drawn
up by attorneys to complete the deal.
BREWERIES UNITE TO
FORM ONE BIG. COMPANY
passenger on a Southern Railway train
having compjulned that a man wore a
shirt waist without a coat in a ladles'
coach, the matter was referred to the le
gal department of the road and It has sub
mitted an opinion that '"so long as a man
is decently dressed, whether he has on his
coat or not, his appearance cannot be of
fensi\-e to any sensible person."
Opinion on the Subject Handed
Down by Attorney for a
Railway.
KNOXVILLE. Tenn.,Aug. 31.— A woman
MEN MAY WEAR SHIRT
WAISTS IN LADIES'^CAR
Great Northern, Northern Pacific and
Union Pacific Hope to Force
Santa Fe to Join Them.
CHICAGO, Aug. 31.— The Record to
morrow will say: It is rumored that the
Great Northern, the Northern Pacific and
the Union Pacific railroads have entered
into an agreement to cease unprofitable
competition for transcontinental business
and to strengthen rates to the normal fig
ure. The threa lines hope to force the
Santa Fe, which lately has become one of
the strongest competitors for transconti
nental traffic, to be a party to the ar
rangement.
RAILWAY LINES COMBINE
TO HOLD UP RATES
Reappointment of General J. B. Car
nahan as Major General Is
Confirmed.
DETROIT, Aug. 31.— The Supreme
Lodge, Knights of Pythias, to-day con
firmed the reappolntment of General J. R.
Carnsiiun of Indianapolis as major gen
eral commanding the uniform rant.'* The
following members of the board of con
trol were elected: L..G. Aldrk-h of Missis
sippi, C. F. S. Xeal Or Indiana and John
A. Harvev of Illinois. The rest of the ses
sion was "devoted to the introduction and
discussion of bills and amendments.
DETROIT, Aug. 31.— The Rathbone Sis
ters to-day elected the following officers:
Supreme chief. Dell P. Glazier. Fort Madi
son, Iowa: supreme senior, Belle Quin
len. Galesburg. 111.: supreme junior, Lydia
A. Monroe, Riverside. Cal.: supreme man
ager. Florence I. Shoff, Corrigan, Texas;
supreme mistress of records and corre
spondence. Josie Nelson, Union City. Ind.;
supreme mistress of finance, Anna Young,
Zanesville. Ohio: supreme protector, Mary
K. True, Erie. Pa.: .supreme guard. Maud
F. Hayes, West Branch. Mich.; president
of insurance branch, Mrs. F. L. Ingall,
Villlsca. Iowa.
The Pythian Sisterhood elected the fol
lowing: Supreme chancellor. Mrs. W. A.
Dilworth, Omaha: supreme vice chancel
lor. Mrs. D. W. Boyd, Plain City, Ohio:
supreme prelate, Mrs. G. W. Adams, Ha
verhlll, Mass.; mistress of exchequer.
Mrs. L. A. Small; Farmington, N. II.;
keeper of records and peals. Mrs. Robert
Smith. Richwood. Ohio; mistress of arms.
Mrs. J. O. Arthur. Pittsburg, inner guard,
Mrs. J. Marill, New York: outer guard,
Mrs. W. D. I-add, Providence, R. I.
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS'
NEW BOARD OF CONTROL
Fresno Man Killed.
FRESNO, Aug. 31.— Word was received
here to-day from Manila that Honas
Ricker. formerly of Fresno, had been
killed while exploiting a coal claim. He
was boloed by Filipinos.
Oregon at Nagasaki.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 31.— The battle
ship Oregon arrived at Nagasaki; Japan,
to-day. She eventually will return to the
United States for the complete repair of
Injuries sustained in her grounding, but
will first eo to China.
Plans for Water Supply.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Aug. 31.— As a result
of the agitation begun two months ago,
the largest representation of the farming
and business interests of the Salt River
Valley met hero to-day to agree upon plans
for an adequate and permanent water
supply. Several projects were brought
forward.- After an all-day session the
plans were put In the hands of a commit
tee of thirty, representing every interest
in the valley. The questions of Govern
ment aid, the cession of lands and stock
grazing on the forest reserves came up be
fore the meeting.
Fruit Packers Scarce.
FRESNO. Aug. 31.— The committee of
fig packers appointed to report upon a
plan to increase the number of women
workers in the packing houses this even
ing at an adjourned meeting reported that
they had secured low railroad rates so
that labor might be brought In from other
towns in the valley. They favored adver
tising by newspapers and posters the
scarcity of labor here, the cheapness of
living and the price to be paM, so as to
induce 1000 women to come here for a sea
son of six weeks. r '"'-' -'¦'-? a
Extinguishing Mountain Fires.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 31.— The mountain
fire situation is much Improved. The large
force of men. aggregating 130, that has
been at work trying for four days has ai
last succeeded in getting the flames under
control, and to-day the fire is confined to
the northeast end of Barley flats. Five
men were sent down from the fire line to
day because their services are no longer
necessary. A large area has been burned
over, and the lo*s, from the standpoint ol
water conservation, will be serious. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 31.— William
Graves, the San Luis Obispo lawyer, is an
avowed candidate for the Democratic
Congressional nomination in this district,
and he has sent Editor John McGonigle
of Ventura to this city for the purpose of
sizing up the Kituation. McGonigle is now
here and is so encouraged at the outlook
that he has sent word by mall to Graves
to come to Los Angeles himself so that the
rank and file of the party down this way
may be enabled to properly size up the
aspirant who, the indications were to-day,
might become the real opponent of James
McLachlan. McGonigle speaks in the
highest terms of Graves.
WILLIAM GRAVES WISHES
NOMINATION FOR CONGRESS
American Ship St. Paul Beats the
Cunarder Campania, Breaking
Her Record.
NEW YORK. Aug. 31.— After the Ameri
can liner St. Paul reached her dock to
nlpht the passengers told of a great race
the liner had made \ytth the CQnarder
Campania. They said -the interest in the
race was so great that nearly- all the pas
sengers remained awake Thursday night
and until dawn Friday morning. On
Thursday evening before nightfall the
Campania was sighted about 500 miles out
and was then ahead of the St. Paul by
about four miles. . A race was inevitable.
The St. Paul made a burst of speed and
steadily forged ahead. The nerves of
every passenger and of the crew were
keyed to the straining point. The interest
in the race continued while the vessels
were in sight of one another, but before
dawn the St. Paul was so far ahead that
the Campania could not be seen. The St.
Paul was at her dock when the Campania
anchored at quarantine for the night.
The St. Paul made the passage from
Southampton* and Cherbourg in six days
seven hours and six minutes. This time
Is the best mafle by the St. Paul between
this port and Cherbourg and beats the
best time of the big fleet of ocean grey
hounds plying between Cherbourg and
this port, with the one exception of the
present record holder, the Kaiser Wilhelm
der Grosse, whose time is five days, sev
enteen hours and thirty-seven minutes.
EXCITING RACE BETWEEN
TWO OCEAN LINERS
5-t r^ ISS HELEN MERRILL. the
//W clever young actress, formerly
// Jt\\ of the Tivoli. left last night for
the East. She has been engaged
by Dunne &*Ryley to play the part of
Rosebud in the farce comedy of the
"Nlsht of the Fourth." Miss Merrill re
ceived a telegram recently informing her
that the comedians would like her ser
/
vices for the season. She accepted the
offer and she was then notified that she
would have to Join the company in Min
neapolis. She opens on Sunday night in
the play and will have to study and per
fect herself for the part on the train.
When she arrives in Minneapolis on Sun
day she will po direct to the theater and
will appear in the part without even one
rehearsal.
American Association.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 31.— First same: Cleve
land, S; Kansas City, 1. .
Second eame: Cleveland, 4:;. Kansas City, 8.
BUFFALO. Aug. 31.— Buffalo. 5; Chicago. 6.
INDIANAPOLIS, Aue. 31.— First came: In
dianapolis, 2; Milwaukee, 4;
Second same: Indianapolis, 3; Milwau
kee. 2.
DETROIT. Au». 81.— Detroit. «; Mlaacapo
li«. L. w
Club?— yVT. I*. Pet..! Clubs— TV'. L. Pet..
Brooklyn ....ei 69 .610iChicago 50 53 .4SJ
Pttteh-jrjr ....'j 43 ..".29 Cincinnati ..49 53 .450
Philadelphia S2 60 .".OS St. Louis 4S 53 .475
Boston ol 51 .500 New York.... 41 60 .401
PITTFBT'RG. Aus. SI. — St. Louis won the
rnn-.e' in th« first inning to-day. Attendance
2100. Score:
Chits— H. H. E.
Pittsburtr 5 13 3
St. Louis 10 16 1
Batteries — Ch«»£br». Tar.nehill nnd Schrlver:
Pnwc-ll ar.d Robinson. Umpire— O' Day.
CHICAGO. A'jb. 21.— The Chieagos to-day
played probably the worst rarre of the season.
Atfrdanc* 1CC0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 1 4 !•
Ci.nclr.natl 11 12 2
Datteriry— Taylor. TJVxter an] Bracahan:
Scott ar.d Kahce Umdre — Ems!>.
P.HOOKLYN, Aug. 31— Roth Kennedy and
Brmhard were retired in the second innine to
day for trivlng too many free passes. Ilowell
was hit hard In the third, but settled down
aftf-r that. Donahue pitched a fine frame, ex
cept In the fi.'Ui. when Kelley brought in two
runs with a four-basger to center. Attend
ance 1 .?.'«>. Score:
Club«— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 9 10 1
Brooklyn 4 7 3
Bau»rie«=— Berr.hard. Donahue and Murphy;
Kennedy. Howell and McGulre. Umpire— Hurst.
EOSTOX. Aujf. 31.— Boston won easily to-day.
N-ither side was able to hat effectively. At
tenoanc* U00. Score:
Clubs— R. h. E.
Ro«:on ". S 7 o
New Ycrlc 3 5 3
Batteries— Nichols ar.d Clarke; Taylor and
Bcwenr.in. Umpire — Swartwood.
Shown During This Season.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Chicago Gives the Worst Exhibition
VEBY EpOR BAIX.
Trcttlr.fr, S:24 class, best three in five, purse
JT:O:
CharHe Me. by McKinney OV.
Dur!>e) 14 4 3 11
Dob Ingersoll, by Nutwood
WllVes <Cecil> 4 2 1 1 ? 3
Rell<? I'atch«>n. by Attorex (Ward) 2 1 S 4 S 2
Grfylini?. by HaT,xam Brino
<ChiW> S S 3 3 2 4
Cyclone, by BritfadlT < Brown)... 5 5 5 Drawn
Atherine, hy Patron (Hedges). .. Drawn
MoBriar. by McKinney (Dono
van) Drawn
Time. 2:17' 4 . 2:1«, 2:I€H, 2:16^. 2:1S. 2:1S%.
Pacins. 2:14 class, purse $730:
Ir.hn A. by Waylan (Nelson) Ill
Millie Nurse, by Monweed (Smith) 2 2 3
<Jafr Topsail, by Diablo <W. Smith) 3 2 2
Bernard, by Jim Blaine (Whitney) Drawn
Time, 2:i:*4. 2:12'i, 2:13*«.
Flve-eljrhths of a mile. pur«e $113 — I^ady
Hflolse, by P»n All. 108 (Russell), won; Beau
Monde. 110 (Brodine). second: Sem Sem, !<9
(Godfrey), third. Time. l:01*i. Onyx, Jessie
O and Miss Dividend also ran.
S^ven-rlRhths of a mil». purse $130 — Laco
noma by St. Savoir. 107 (ShieMs), won; Rou
lette Wheel 107 (Bennett), second: Alturas. 109
(Duffy), third. Time. 1:27. Twinkle Twink,
EmeA. and Dolore also ran.
Five furlone«. pursue $123— Almoner, hy Mid
lothian. 119 (McCarty). wen; Fine Shot. 105
(Brcdieni. second: San Augustine, 112 (Mc-
Nichols). third. Time. 1:01^4. Galene, Pauline
J and Christine also ran.
Horses Narrowly Escape Injury.
Social Dissatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. Aug. SI.— In the first heat
of the pace Smith and Whitehcad and
th^ir horses had a narrow escape from
serious injury, fifty yards from the wire
Gafl" Topsail collared John A, favorite,
and if he had kept his feet would have
won the race. Twenty yards from the
wire Pntchen broke badiv. Delphi ran
into a Bulky, demolish* a wheel and
Delphi was thrown. ». atrrhen's driver
was thrown from his seat, but recovered
it. Bernard broke his hobbles and was
distanced. In the third heat Ingersoll and
Patchen broke near tlie wir^. After a
lorjr consultation tlie judpesKgave the
heat to IngersolL In the next heat
Patchen was set back from fourth to
seventh for running,. Inpersoll lost the
fifth heat of the trot on account of care
less handling. Charley Me stole a neat
by slipping In next the rail. .: Summary:
Fr-edal rr.atch race, purse JK&, best two la
three:
Haystratpr WlUcca. hy Pable Wlllces (Hoy).. 1 1
Carrie B. by a>jc Rutton fCumjnlns) 2 2
Tirre. 2:2C\. 235\£
Smith and Whitehead and Their
Insists, Ho-wever. That the Winner
Shall Take All of the Purse and
¦ Wants Time to Train.
.RICHMOND. Va., Aup. 31 .-James J.
Jeffries, the pugilist, in an Interview here
:o-day said:
"I •vrlll f.g-ht Corbett ff he Is anxious to
have a match, but It will have to be a
?ase of the winner pettinp: everything and
the loser onlv the beating. That is the
inlv way to do business.
¦¦j*itzpimmons can grrt a fipht from me
whenever he wants it when he goes about
t properly ar.ti gives time to the man he
wants to flpht. I will light nobody with
•"Jt time to train in. l^et him Eiv» me
thirty days and tve can find plenty ol
nlaces. The f.sht rould go on in Carson
,'ity or in California, or even at Cincin
nati."
WOODLAND RACES
JEFFRIES IS WILLING
TO FIGHT CORBETT
The regatta committee of the Pacific
Association of the Amateur Athletic
Union met last night to receive the entries
for the cha/nplonshlp rowing races to be
held on the 9th and to settle the order
in which the contests will take place. Th3
five prizes offered by the semi-centennial
celebration committee" attracted an un
usual number of entries, especially In the
senior shell and skiff races and in the in
termediate barge event.
That spectators may be enabled to dis
tinguish easily the various contestants
each member of a crew or single sculler
will wear a silk handkerchief tied round
the head. The following colors have been
assigned to the clubs:
Olympic Boat Club, white: Ariel Row-
Ing Club, Yale blue; Dolphin Boating
Club, orange; Alameda Boat Club, black;
Pioneer Rowing Club, green; South End
Rowing Club, red; Triton Boating Club,
yellow.
The races will be rowed In the follow
ing order:
One. senior barge; two. senior shell: three.
Junior barge; four. Junior cutrlgged skiff; fl\e.
Junior ehell; six. senior outrlssred skiff; seven.
Intermediate barre.
The following are the entries received in
the various events:
SENIOR BARGE RACE.
Pioneers — George Collopy. bow; F. O'Nell.
Xo. 2; George Lawson, No. 3; W. Lawson,
stroke.
Alamedas— John Lewis, bow; George Lewis*,
No. it David Greenleaf. No. 3; F. V\\ Avers.
stroke: liert Camrron. cockswain.
South Eads — Walter Dupllssea. bow; Thomas
Lynch, No. 2; Henry Bode, No. 3; Frank Du
pliasea, stroke; Albert Sonn<>nberg, cockswain.
INTERMEDIATE BARGE RACE.
Olyrnrics— F. R. Axton. bow; EL Bally. No.
2; F. J. Sherry. No. 3; Victor Cagllerl. stroke.
Pioneers— Thomas Uwson. bow; George Boro,
No. 2: R. Yerlan. No. 3; F. Beal. stroke.
Alamedas— Ed Hainan, bow; Bert Guild, No.
2; E. B. Thornlng, No. 3: Harry Nelson, stroke;
Bert Cameron, cockswain.
Ariels— H. Foley, bow; J. Nokes, No. 2: E.
Smith, No. 3; J. Keegan, stroke; Roy West,
cockswain.
South Ends— James Pallas, bow; M. J.
Breen. No. 2; Arthur McDuffie. No. 3; Edward
Scully, stroke; Albert Sonnenbenr. cockswain.
JUNIOR BARGE RACE.
Pioneers— Thomas Lawson, bow; George Boro,
No. 2; R. Yerian, No. 3; F. Beal, stroke.
Dolphins — Lester Hammersmith, bow; E. j
Krapness. No.. 2; J. M. Farrell. No. 3; T. R. !
Dlxon stroke: W. Everts, cockswain.
Ariels— H. Foley, bow; J. Nokes, No. 2; E.
Pralth, No. 3; J. Keegan, stroke, and Roy
West, cockswain.
Alamedas— Julius Stamer. bow: R. Pollard.
No. 2; Bert Lyons. No. 3: Sidney Tollard,
Etrcke. and Bert Cameron, cockswain.
South Ends— Charles Crelffhton, bow; James
McGeorge. No. 2; Matt Harris, No. 3; Emll
Blumleln. stroke.
SENIOR SHELL RACE.
T. Keer.an of the Dolphins. A. W. Pape of
the Dolphins. S. Adderley of the Tritons, C. L.
Ochs of the Pioneers. E. C. Sternberg and W.
McCausland of the Ariels.
JUNIOR SHELL RACE.
H. Wilson of the Ariels and George McGrill
of the South Ends.
SENIOR SKIFF RACE.
W. O. Patch of the Dolphins, Stanley Adder
lei- of the Tritons, F. \V. Ayers and C. Q.
Aj-ers of the Alamedas. C. C. Dennis of the
South Ends and Charles Wilson of the Ariels.
JUNIOR SKIFF RACE.
John Lewis, Alameda Boating Club; Maurice
Cashman. South End Rowing Club; E. J.
Lynch and J. FlckerU Ariel Row.lng Club.
As A. W. Pape of the Dolphins has only
1ust returned from Astoria his name, has
been entered provisionally In the senior
shell event. The junior barge crew of the
Dolphins has been similarly entered. The
entry must be confirmed or withdrawn
not later than Monday evening, when the
regatta committee will hold another meet
ing to settle some few remaining details
of the regatta. All contestants must be
registered amateur athletes.
A Dozen Scullers Eager to Win
Trophies in the Coining Senior
Shell and Skiff
Events.
Five Intermediate Barge
Crews Will Struggle
for Laurels.
MANY OARSMEN
ENTER FOR THE
CHAMPIONSHIPS
K. J. LIcQuaide and Thomas Hamilton
next hove on the scene, but did not re
main In evidence long. Hamilton made
three rapid feints at McQuaide and hyp
notized him. He then administered the
"coup de grace" to McQuaide and the lat
ter dropped to the floor. "Doc" Flynn,
who v.as seconding the beaten man. was
so disgusted that he threw a wet sponge
at him. The missile struck the knocked
out fighter flush in the mouth and he re
vived with a suddenness that left a feel
ing in the minds of the spectators that he
"lay-down."
The "event of the evening" was a dis
appointment. Billy Foster and Oscar Wil
son were to have gone four rounds, but
when half the journey was reached Fos
ter found that he had a sufficiency and
dropped to the floor. His lack of game
ness did not win him favor with the
crowd and he was roundly hooted.
James "Fuzzy" Little was to have given
battle to Frank Wall, but the latter de
veloped a cold in his lower extremities
and stayed, away. Frank Herman was
substituted, but proved a sorry one. Lit
tle punched him at his own pleasure and
In the second round Gr^ggains humanely
stopped the bout, awarding the medal lo
Little.
"Kid" Finnerty was outpointed and out
slogged by George Fuller, and Fuller was
awarded a decision near the close of the
fourth round, when he had Finnerty at
his mercy.
The best battle of the night was fought
by Hush Friel and Joe Brown. They both
weighed 120 pounds and were as evenly
matched as two peas. For the first three
rounds "Brick" Friel had a shade the
better of it. In the fourth Brown, who
was goaded on by his seconds, rushed
things and had his rival guessing. An
extra round was called and at its close
the referee could not pick a winner, 'ihe
fight -was declared a draw and the de
cision gave universal satisfaction.
J. Welsh and J. Donovan were next to
enter the ring, and they settled their dif
ferences without arbitration. Before the
round was half over Welsh knocked his
rival down and out with two heavy rights
on the Jaw.
Abe Attel and Joe Leary opened the
evening's entertainment.* The former was
a chunky broth of a boy. but he went Into
his tall opponent with a will and at th«
end of four rounds of hard and fast fight-
Ins was given a merited decision by Ref
eree Greg-gains. The lads went the four
rounds at great speed and each received
and administered punches which hurt.
James Jones and Ed Savage went at
each other like cats on a back fence. They
fought each other to a standstill and both
were f?rogf?y in every round they ba.ttled.
The fighting was so even and both were
so willinstthat an extra round was, called,
and evert then a winner could not be
chosen. A draw met the approval of the
crowd.
Gore flowed with a freedom that was
alarming at the San Francisco Athletic
Club last night and black eyes, puffed,
noses and lacerated feelings were plenty.
of the Bouts,
Knockouts and Plenty of Gore Sat
isfied a Large Aggregation of
. Ring-Goers — Winners
San Francisco Athletic Club
(rives a Good Night's
Sport.
AMATEUR BOUTS
REPLETE WITH
FAST FIGHTING
Hawkins* blows* seemed to carry the
more steam and It looked a? if the col
ored boxer would po down. He steadied
himself, however, and with a s^harp right
hook to the jaw stretched Dal on the
floor. There was no need for a count, as
I >a4 was so far pone that he did not re
cover for several minutes after being car
ried to his corner. Ga.n« himself could
hardly Ftard nnd looked to he ready to
drop when he landed the lucky blow.
They started the third with a rush and
Dal reached Joe's head with a sharp left
to the jaw, but Gans repaid him a mo
ment later with a h:?rd risrht on the Jaw.
Oans then cornered Da! and Ttoth started
to slu^ with both hands. For fully a
minute they never moved from the spot
where they started ajid bo vicious was the
fghtinp that the crowd was on its feet
in a perfect frenzy of excitement.
Both fought carefully in the opening
round. Hawkins tried repeatedly for the
head.. but Cans' blocking was perfect and
not many punches were landed other than,
a few swings to the stomach of Hawkins.
In the second the men warmed to their
work and each scored heavily on the
head. Both missed repeatedly in their anx
iety to land, but the round ended in Haw
kins' favor because of his superior work
to the body, which seemed to worry Gans.
Both men were at the required weight
and each looked t,o be in g-ood condition
vi hen they entered the ring.
NEW YORK. Aug. SI.— At i the Broad
way Athletic Club to-msht the last series
of bouts under the Horton law were
brought to a conclusion by Joe Gans of
Baltimore knocking out Dal Hawkins of
California in the third round In a contest
that was scheduled to go twenty-five
rounds, at 133 pounds.
The End Came Very Suddenly in
the Tliird Round of a Very
Fast and Furious
Fight.
Was Himself Scarcely Able
to Stand When He
Landed.
GANS LANDS A
LUCKY BLOW AND
WHIPS HAWKINS
Tire Breaks Out in the Stables at ':
ICarra^ansett Park.
PROVIDENCE. R. I.. Auj?. SI.— Shortly j
efu-r the beginning cf the racing In the
closing day of the prar.J circuit meeting: I
at N'arrr.frar.sptt Park this afternoon fire j
broke out in ore of th«» stable? n«ar the |
thre^-nuurtor turn and with preat rapid- ¦
Ity destroyed three stables, a number of j
cattle e!:<h!s and b-Jrned to death four :
racehorsfp. The horses destroyed rom
yrised throe in the string controiied b>- U. |
Fimon nf.Lordon.
The A<..-. T\!th a record of 2:051-4 and!
valued at S-T'Xi: Maud K. a groon mare j
without a record and vs!uc-d at $1000: ;
Ac kmnr. Jim. with a record of T:l€ 1-4 and j
valued at Jl'/X'. ar;d Charles A. Oliver's i
brown rr.ar^' Wileyraa vaJufni at IIjC). ,
vren the 3r.irr.als destroyed. The loss on
buildings and fixtures arr.ounts to 50C>X).
T'KS MOINES. Iowa. Auj. Cl.— State
Fair race results:
235 racf». jpnrti $«5— Lady Amber won three
Ftral/rht heat*. BeM time. 2:13 s *. Vyznr.t Star. \
Nir^. R-!.«f^:I. Cal Onward and Oakdale Baron j
e.>o ctarted.
,-, rr QjVe r - jr.nir.K — Georpe W. Ketchum won.
Baaqoo II second. Insurgent third. Time,
I '.¦¦'..
rr.OVIDEXCE, R. I.. Aus. 31.— The
finaJ flay of the gTand circuit racing !
wound up with the last two heats being :
run off in the dark. In the unfinished 2:20 i
trot Lady Oeraldin<». the lo^al favorite. '
won aftor losing the iifth heat. Geers ,
made a {rroat drive and landed the race i
In the final heat. Dan \V«nland won the I
2:1* pare, in which Stacker Taylor was \
the favorite.
Roster was the favorite in the 2:17 trot '
ar.d won in a fix heat race which was j
concluded ir. darkness. George, an out- |
sider. ¦won the 2:17 pace in a four heat j
battle. Summary:
2 ?3 trot, purse fSXSn — Lady Grraldlne won the j
second, third and sixth heat« In 2:114. 2:12. j
r:"Cii.. Jo» \VattB won the fo-jrth and fifth
heats in 2:54 s -*. 2:12S- M*«Bl« An<Jen»on v.on
-.lie Cret heat in 2:12^- Ll?ssa B. "VVinni- i
fred, Kavala and Miss Pratt al5o 5tarted:
2:14 clans ra^ifU?. pux»e fWr>— D?.a \V»stland
won la FtraiKht heats. T1m»-. 2:O S1 4. 2:0S**. 2:11. •
Stacker Taylor. Fred W. Prince A. Jennie Mac !
Alberta, and Maud F ali>a Ftart*i.
2:17 class trotting, purse j:<>n— Roster -a-on :
Fecoad. iifth and sixth heats in 2:12'-«, 2:15H- '
SiITH. Orinia won third and fourth heats in '
2:T3i^. 2:'H\. Philip E won the first heat in I
2:15. Brandywine, Laveraa and X L'e Brother
alito started. '¦
2:17 class pacirg. pur»e ROM — Gecrpe won the
?.rj>t. second and fourth heat? in 2:O9li, 2:1^,
2:ll%i. Ituna won the third heat in 2:13S- I
Ttaha. Gacnet, G€ntr\-*s Treasure. Juero. Tom- I
rny Me. Eroden, Fred S. Wedp-ewood, The
Prirati* and Barrister p.lso started.
rOTJB HOKSZS BITBNED.
Jack Point Is Beaten Out by
Lady Massey With
Tod Up. v
In the Sapphire Stakes Conroy, Bid
den by Spencer, Wins by
a Length in a Sard.
Drive.
-•
•
NEW YORK. Aug. SI.— Th« chief event
ct Sheepshead Bay to-daj^ was the !
Eapphire stakes. Bella Rio and Six
Shooter showed the way to the turn into
the s:rctch. when Spencer brought Con
roy up on the rail and, in a driving finish,
won by a length.
In the sixth, the Turf Handicap, Jack
Point was the choice, with Lady Masse>
a strong second choice, as Sloan was up
cr. her. Vp «he back stretch Sloan pot
Into a pocket, but he got out of it in the
rtretch and won by a length by good nd
!r.p. Results:
Tive rurtoncs — Ondurdis Tron. Inshor second.
Z.nera.ca third. Time. 1:00 4-5.
Pix furlong- 5 , selling— Arnov won. Zemora sec
ond. Chanuclrer third. Time. 1:154.
Sappfclra ttakec five anl a haif furlongs—
Corroy won. Bella Rio second, t'.x Shooter
third. Time. 1:06 3-3.
Mile anl an cich:h — Favrr.lus won, Kirj?
Bramble second. Bor.ibshe'.l third. Time.
i-ja 2-5.
Om mil?, sel'.lnc— O>a won. Flcaron second,
FHver Garter third. Time. 1:41.
Turf harniioap. mi> an-1 a Quarter — Laiy
Massey Ton, I-oter.te m* mill. First WkXff thlni.
7:n.fr, 2:08 3-5.
CHICAGO. Aug. SL— Results at Haw
thorne:
Five furtor^s— r.arbsra SI won. R^gea «ec
erd. IioE.nie Hallle tMrd. Tirr.e, 1:01 V
Seven furlc-cs— Van Hoorebeck won. The
Elupgard second. Ju&nett* third. Time. l:2T 4 i
Spven Turi-->:.?-~ — .-atin Coat v.on. William Ack
ec-ned. fliTiy third. T!ni". l:S'f
Six furlonr^ — T:>-nn won. Uif;\:lan<l I-ad seo
or.<*. Charra'.ua thirJ. Time, 1:1(4.
Beres farloan— BUI Carrett woa. Aloha 11
K»ccn<i. Branch T h!rd. Time, 1:57**.
Mile nnJ a c-iarrer. w!iins — A-irnetus won.
Clay PoUtter .- c-n-I, Donation third. Ti^e,
DETROIT, Aug. Cl.-Results at High
land Park:
t^ix TuTlone* — DoaWet won. Sackatuk second,
O'.cort third. T:rr'e, 1:14.
Five fnrlonr*— Tb« Jade -troa, 'Mercy second,
L<lia Es-r it.r'. Time. 1:01
Four b'.'A a ha'.' furlin^rs. s»!!lr!»t— Amarr>50
won. Lady KJitii et^ond. Toad Rainej- third.
Time. :S.v-,.
One vr.'.W — Fassaie won. Eleven Bells 6econd.
Old Fcx third. Tin-. 1:42.
fpven ft:ri'ir.f«. *"V.\rx— Clipsetta won. Oci«
Brooks aecood. QoMXtt third. Time, 1:28.
r>ETROIT. Avg. ZL— Results at "Windsor:
Five ar.d. a to.lt furlor.es— Lady Moretree
v oa, E'.'..-..: v -'h K **»"ond. Divcrtlsement third.
Time. 1: -
K!v» and a half fur5or.£«— IIor?a won, Tren:ar
B«eon<L Iicsr!r.a!f * th'.rd. Time. I3Q7*&-
Six ar. .1 a half lurlongs— Fi5tell won. F>!y Lot
tt Mcoad. Jui.a n.-^se third. Time, 1:214.
Mile and an < ichth— Jessie Jarhoe won. Beau
I^ea! eecorid. Fannie Taylor third. Time. l:'A.
Fever^ furlongs, selling — Cotton Plant won.
M&rcaret Ilac^rr.acn FecorA Rotha third.
T:m*. ::CSV.
od a balf furlongs, Fp!'!r.g— -Acushla won.
Innovator si-cor.d, Douste-rswivel third. Time,
Id.
SLOAN PILOTS
THE WINNER IN
TURF HANDICAP
THE SAri FRANCISCO CALL) SAT u KD A. Y ? SEPTEMBER lj 1900*
WILL PLAY ROSEBUD
WITHOUT A REHEARSAL
MISS HELEN MERBILI/.
China's Letter Shops.
China has still the old-fashioned system
of private letter-carrying. Letter-shops
are to be found in every town. If he has
a letter ter send the Chinaman eoes to a
letter-shop and bargains with the keeper
thereof. He pays two-thirds of the cost,
leaving the receiver to pay the rest on
delivery.
Sarah Bernhardt says that the wearlnsr
of diamonds destroys the best expression
of the fnce, dims the fire of the eyes and
makes the teeth look like chalk.
Sarah on Diamonds.
Artificial silks are made of vrocd fiber
dipsolved to a glue-like consistency by
acids, forced through V Mes in glass and
drawn out Into threads.
Breaks a World's Record.
SALT LAKE, Augf. 31.— Charles Turrville
icde a mile (motor paced) on the Salt
Palace eight-lap track to-night in 1:22.
beating the world's record of 1:33 3-5. for
merly held by Iver Lawson.
State Commissioners Say That W. F. \
Ihrnlevy of Alameda. Is an In
eflacient Officer.
Sportsmen In Alameda County, and this
cittf, too, for that matter, are considerably
Interested in the charges filed by the
State Fish and Game Commissioners
against W. S. Dunlevy. the game warden
across the bay. Dunlevy i3 accused of
being 1 either Incompetent or neglectful of
his duties, or both. The accusations are
based upon the many complaints made by
people living In Alameda County who are
interested in the preservation of gams.
According to the statement of Secretary
J. P. Babcock, scarcely a week passes but
from one to a dozen people visit the San
Francisco office and tell of violations of
the law across the bay, and In every in
stance they assert that Dunlevy declines
to attend to his duties.
Commissioner Gould says the Commis
sioners have no choice of warden for Ala
meda County, but thev want a man who
will "attend to his duties. He says the
Legislature in providing for county scamp
wardens did so in order to relieve the
State Board of a larse amount of work.
It Is for the protection of game in the
several counties that the wardens are
allowed a salary of $100 and $25 for ex
penses.
The hearing In the Dunlevy matter will
come up before the Alameda Supervisors
next Tuesday eveniner and the Commis
sioners will be present to prosecute the
matter.
5
The ci;y has been overrun
with odds and ends sales.
Nowwewill sell you straight
lines of Fine Shoes.
ALL SIZES, ALL WIDTHS,
and give you a perfect fit as
cheap as you can buy odds
and ends.
Look at Our Prices!
And how surprised you will be
when you find that you have been
i paying as much and more for old
styles.
Buy your Shoes where you are sure
of getting fine goods and a
square deal.
Don't let them fool you with
their old styles and odds and ends.
WHEN* MR. LUCKE SOLD
OUT to Sommer & Kauffmann he
had orders East for a large amount
We bought a big invoice of those
goods at a great reduction for
ne - cash. They are known as
"LUCKE'S" $6 and $7 Patent
Leather Shoes. Lucke's name
stamped on the shank of every
pair. This lot we will close out
at S4 a pair, as we do not want
to carry other makes in our regu-
lar lines.
See These Shoes on Our
Bargain Counters:
Johnston & Murphy's Men's
finest vici kid, hand welted, sewed
soles, very latest styles, all sizes,
all widths.
$5 a pair.
We can give ycu the same style
shoe as the above at
$2.50, S3, $3.50 and $4 a pair.
We will close cut a full line of
Laird, Schober & Co.'s Ladies'
very finest quality genuine patent
leather Lace Shoes, welted, sewed
soles^, latest style toes, at $4 a
pair. Regular price $6.
We will also put on sale about
1800 pairs of Laird, Schober &
Co.'s Ladies' finest quality im-
ported kid, lace and button, turn
or welted, sewed soles, very latent
styles, and close them out at
$4 a pair.
Full lines of KAST & GLAN-
VILLE'S Ladies' Full Dress Boots,
lace or tutton, latest styles, all
sizes, all widths, at S2.50 a pair.
Looks neat and dressy as a $6
shce.
tanHes,
We will fill our bargain counters
with this season's Tan Shoes and
close them out at any price, We
wiil not carry over one pair.
AIX OUR FAXL GOODS HAVE
ARBIVED AND WE WILL PUT
THEM ON THE MABKET AT
ENORMOUSLY LOW PRICES.
\V3tch dally papers for full price list.
Terms of. sale net cash.
Goods charged will be r? *nlar pMc? «.
Write for our NEW CATALOGUE.
ALL OUR FALL GOODS HAVB
ARRIVED AND WE WELL PUT
THEM ON THE MARKET AT
ENORMOUSLY LOW PRICES.
SALE STARTSTO-DAY, 9A.M.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
812-814 MARKET ST.,
Phelan Building-.
: Weak Men and Women
SHCt'UJ USE DAJUANA BITTEUS. THE
great Mexican remeUy: gives health and
¦trenstb to sexual organs. C«sot» £3 Mjvket.The local highbinders, it is formally announced, are
prepared to go to war again. Perhaps it might have
been better if we had accepted Ho Ybw's proposition
to bundle a consignment.of Chinese off to the Orient
to fight the Boxers.
The young teacher who insists that in our too much
governed local School Department "merit" mean3
"pull" certainly ought to win the admiration of the
schemers if not their? support. She has simply ex
pressed what a great rpany others only dared to think.
The joys and the plories of the celebration will be
shared by all. The benefits to trade will be common
to almost every sort of business. directly or
indirectly the whole mass of citizens will profit from
the presence in the city of the throng: of visitors .vho
will attend the celebration. Then why should riot everr
ore help to defray the city's share of thr expense of
the great day? Let us give the committee all the
money needed for the work. Put up the coin to-day.
Where all give something toward a fund of this kin i
it is not needed that sny one should give much. To
every citizen then rorr.e the questions: Have you
contributed to the fund? If you have not, whv not
co so to-dav? ; - ;.•:-; • .: : : .: : K ¦ '¦'-¦¦ -
The date of the celebration is near at hand. There
is little time left for extensive canvassiiie. The
ptnoiint asked for by the committee is not excessive
when the dignity of the occasion and the wealth and
magnitude of the city are taken into consideration
We are rejoicing in ?n abundant prosperity and all
prospects justify the conclusion that even brighter
times await us. Every circumstance of the situation
therefore tends to prompt to liberality in providing
for the fete. We have an opportunity to demonstrate
to the whole country the wealth of California and ths
State patriotism of her people and we should do it on
a scale that wiil make California the talk of the nation
for months to come.
rUJROM the committee in charge of the fina- 'ial
} part ot the work ot providing for the celebnttioT
of Admission day comes the announcement that,
notwithstanding the liberality with which many citi
zens have contributed, there is still need of more
money to defray the expense of the elaborate and
splendid display that has been devised ior the several
<iays of the festival. Therefore it is timeiy to once
njore urge upon all progressive citizens who have not
yet subscribed to the fund to do so at once. It is a
matter which concerns all and all in proportion to
their means should promptly respond.
MORE A\ONEY NEEDED.
Icecream and so£a at Townsend's. •
Pure fruit Juices used at Townsend't. •
Icecream by the gallon at Tbwnserid"3.»
GLAD TO GET THE CALL.
Commander U. S. N., Commanding,
U. S. Helena, Hollo. P. I., July 27, 1&00.
Manager The Call:" Dear Sir — I thank
you very much for a file of your paper
from June 1 to June 15, both inclusive.
Our officers' mess subscribes for your
dally paper, but that does not include
the crew, and we are very , thankful for
any reading matter sent that can be given
them.
In behalf of the officers and crew I
again thank you. Very respectfully,
E. K. MOORE. '
Peanut crisps, Townsend's. 633. Palace,*
Splendid Cal. glace cherries. Townsend'm.*
Glace pineapple at Townsend's. •
Cream kisses. Townsend's. 633, Palace.*
Butterscotch, butter Ings, caramels, mo
lasses buttercups. Towusend's.O.Palace.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound In fire-etched boxes or Jap baskets
t>39 Market street. Palace Hotel. • "
Special Information supplied daily t»
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Slont-
Comery st. Telephone Main 1CM2. •
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
ONE CHORE OUT OF THE WAY.
"Amelia, it is a shame for us to quarrel
this way before we start out."
"Oh, not at all. Edgar: if we have a
right good quarrel now we won't have a
thing to <lo but enjoy ourselves after we
get on the train "— Indfanapolis Journal.
DEAR OLD LONDON.
"Why won't Willie Waster come away
from that exhaust pipe? He'll spoil all
his clothes?"
"He says he doesn't care. The escaping
steam looks so much lik*> a London fog
that he Is rooted to the spot."—Washing
ton Star. i
THE POET.
"Sir." said the Long Haired One Indig
nantly to the editor, "the poet is born."
"Oh, Is he?" retorted the editor. "Well.
I'm darned sorry he I?. But this Isn't the
place where they take in the birth no
tices. You go downstairs to the business
offlce."-Detrcit Free Press.
NOT IN HER CLASS
"Did Mr. Solomon really propose to you
last night?" as=ked the first summer girl.
"Yes," replied the other. "He told me
I was the only girl he had ever loved."
"The idea: What did you say to him?"
"Told him to get a reputation, of
course." — Philadelphia Press.
MONEY AND MARRIAGE.
Perry— When ought a man marry?
Uncle Jerry — When he has plenty of
money or none at all.
Ferry— Don't understand why when he
has no money at all. ~\. f ¦':
Uncle • Jerry— Just as comfortable to
break your wife into being poor as to
have her break you that way.
THAT WAS DIFFERENT.
"You women." said Mr. Ferguson, ges
ticulating Impatiently, '"will go to more
personal inconvenience and misery to
keep up with the fashions" — -
"Why. George." interrupted Mrs. Fer
guson, "how did you get all those blis
ters on your hand?" *
"From my new acetylene bicycle lamp,"
said George, subsiding.— Chicago Tribune.
A WARNING TO LIARS
"What was the happiest moment of
your life, dear?" The asked.
"It was when you said yes, darling," he
replied.
She niched and permitted her cheek to
rest against his breast for 4 a Ions time
Then she said:
* Harry, do you remember that diamond
ring we lookrd at in BlazenVs? What a
splendid Christmas present it would
make." .
After he had reached the next room, he
whispered to himself:
"That's always the way. Never told a
lie in my life without having Immediate
cauFf to be sorry for it."— Chicago Times-
Herald.
Still Against the Government
Hanford Sentinel.
President Valentine of the Wells-Fargo
Company is now beins quoted as a strong
supporter of Mr. Bryan. If he is correctly
quoted he is certainly actlnp very consist
ently. Mr. Valentine is at the head of a
company that Is and has been agalnsf the
Government ever since the war revenue
tax was levied for the purpose of HciUng
Spain and taking care of the results ot that
victory. His company ha« refused to i»ay
its war tax and has had to be taken into
court, and it is still there wraqgling ami
endeavoring 1 to ch^at the Government
along that line, and meanwhile it is mak
ing the common people pay its part of the
cost of maintaining the army and the
navy. We are Rlad Valentine is with
Mr. Bryan. McKinley can do without
him. ;¦ :vTv.--y;V:-:-V,: ¦'.;.. ..
[ SINGULAR AND ..PLURAL..
1 McJiffifer— My wife is* a woman of one
idea— and that's "dress>"
Thingumbob— You're lucky. My w!fr>
has half a doz.-'n ideas of that same kind
at once.— Philadelphia Press.
Th* fashionable la'dles' corrective ton!c is Dr.
Slpgerfs Angostura Bitters. t>.e world re
nowned South American lnvijcrator.
The Examiner's Pretense.
Marin Journal
The Examiner pretends to despise the
trusts but glories in the announcement
that J. J. Valentine will support Bryan.
Valentine Is president "of Wells, Fargo
& Co., one of the greatest monopolistic
trusts, and persistently refuses to pay his
proportion of the revenue tax. Consistency
la not much of a Jewel with the Examiner.
The Examiner in Another Somersault
(Sacramento Record-Union.>
It is just one year and four months since
the San Francisco Examiner, in a stinging
editorial straight from the shoulder deliv
ery, told Mr. Hryan that his about of "im
perialism" was silly and his antJ-expan
sion views unreasonable and unpatriotic.
It advised him to abandon bnth lines of
campaigning. Just now the Examiner is
applauding Bryan and advi?!ng the people
to accept him. buttered with all that it a
year aso condemned. Such Is the consist
ency of the chief Democratic organ of the
coast.
!As a dressing and color restorer Parker* • Hair
Balsam never falls to satisfy.
Hindercorns. the best cure for corns. II eta.
It ir th be bOrne in mind that the room? and offices
in. the City .Hall nowused by. the Police .Department
end the. Police Courts, the City Prison and probably
the Receiving Hospital, will soon be vacant by reason
In the preamble to his resolution Braunhart sets
forth first, that "the City Hall roof by reason of a
wrong system of construction is continually cracking,
necessitating constant repairs and expenditure of
money for the purpose of preventing leakage." and
second, that there is "a growing demand for library ac
commodations. : both for the Free Public and Law
libraries, which are wholly inadequate for the present
requirements of these institutions:" third, that "the
original design of the building contemplated a man
sard roof to be constructed, which for beauty and
utility is considered 'most desirable for the present
contingency." . .
Such nre the specious reasons assigned for opening
the way for a new career of City Hall jobbery. As for
the lenkasre of the roof, it is to be borne in mind that
all large roots leak. That on the City Hall has not
leaked worse than others. Xo extensive repairs have
been necessary upon it since it was put in place. The
construction is that '.vhichis most' approved by good
architects and is. generally iKed in fireproof build
inp;s. In.SHcha.r90f when leaks occur they are read
ily discovered and easily remedied. . As for the claim
that the. Public- Librorv requires better and larger
accommodation?; that will be .concerted, by all. but
few will favor the scheme that has been proposed for
increasing them. San Francisco ought to have a
Public 'Library. .- building, but there is. nothing in that
feet tq' justify a", mansard roof onthe City Hall.
The people of San Francisco; have had. ample ex
perience ¦iri City Hail construction. .The building was
begun long ago : and its course has been marked by
about every form of waste and fraud known '.to the
financiering of politicians. Therefore, when the prop
osition is:made to have. the roof taken off the build
ing so ?s to reopen it for. new jobs in the erection
upon it of a loftier roof, the protest of the taxpayers
is likely to be sharp, k'ud and earnest.
t 1 HEX the Braur.hart resolution, calling for tl>e
IA/ construction i'-of a mansard roof upbh the City
* • Hall, is .considered, from all points of view, it
will be found to involve a job of the frrstitnagTiifude,
V. will entail an : expense,. the fuHi extent bf ; which can
rot at this time be calculated, for within, the. big job
there >> ill be a ho«t of minor jobs and the. end of .the
jobbery may. not -be reached: for years to corne.- .. •
& RCOF-RAISING JOB.
Professor A. G. McAdle of the weather
bureau will leave for the country in a
few days to make an ' Inspection of the
weather bureau stations in the btate.
upon which he will report to the depart
ment. He will also give close attention
to the natural conditions of ench locality
visited, with the view of protecting tne
fruit and nut crops from frost. His ad
vice to the citrus fruit growers of the
southern part of the State has been of
great value.
Emlle Dreyfous.a violinist and professor
of music, well known here and in Stock
ton, is spending a vacation in San Fran
cisco, accompanied by his wife. For the
past four years he has been teaching
music and investing in mines in Rossland,
B. C.
John Ena. the president of the Inter
island Steamship Company, is at the CalU
fornia. :
AV. S. Hopptr, a prominent business man
of Honolulu, is staying at the .. Occidental..
¦ J. H. Webber, District Attorney of
Santa Rosa, is at the Lick.
Mark R. Plaisted. a newspaper man of
Fresno, is at the California.
W. H. McNlnn, a business man of Mis
sion San Jose, is at the Lick
G. C. Brokaw, a mining man of Quartz
Valley, is a guest at the Grand.
James Barnes Jr., a business man oT
Seattle, is among the guests at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
American-born coolies the eases before
the bureau have dwindled down to about
3 per cent. '
Hardly any of the many evidences of increasing
public spirit and State patriotism which are now ap
parent among the people i? more encouraging than
this! The California State Fair ought to be an an
nual exposition of the- industrial achievements and
progress of the Pacific: Coast and one of the most
notable expositions of the Union. : Before that can be
attained, hbwever, it must first be made thoroughly
representative of all California. Counties and pro
ducers who neglect to take advantage of its many
opportunities for acquiring benefit stand in their own
light. All are taxed to; provide an appropriation for
the. fair and all should share in the a4vantages it of
fers. It is truly "our fair" for all Californians and it
is gratifying to learn that the people of all sections
have begun to speak of it as such.
The; -wholesome change which in this respect i?
coming over, the people of the State has been noted
bv the Record-Union, which, in commenting upon it,
said recently: "We have not in many years seen .so
many and approving announcements of the State Fair
as j now appear in the interior press. . Very many of
the papers -'jspeak of the fair exposition as 'our State
Fair,' a designation not before used. It is evident
that a better understanding of the character and pur
poses of the annual State Exposition is growing up
and a broader and less seotronal view is taking the
place of what. before largely was injustice and miscon
ception concerning this annual event."
I ?ItH the grov/inii; improvement of the State
\A/ Fair there has coittc as a natural consequence
*" a growing interest in it among the people of
all parts of the. State. It is rapidly becoming an in
stitution in. which State ipride finds an occasion for
manifesting itself. In many localities where the fair
was at; one time regarded as a Sacramento enter
prise, or a racing meeting mainly, the people are now
beginning to perceive that it is a genuine State Fair
and that within its scope is included the promotion
and improvement of every form of industry known to
bur civilization.'
OUR STATE FAIR.
COMMISSIONER HEACOCK
Chief Dunn of the Chinese bureau re
ports that since the date of the expose in j
The Call of the manner in which the Chi- 1
nese ring was landing alleged native i
- >UNG CHUNG said that he was a clti- ,
VX zen by birth of the. United State«. ,
Y'and his lawyer, Attorney Bell, told j
* United States Commissioner Heaeock j
that : for that reason he should be ;
allowed to land here. But the young
man swore to one:state of facts: and his ]
purported uncle swore to a different state ¦
of facts. Lawyer Bell cheerfully proceeded ,
to explain that if two witnesses swore to j
the same thing in exactly the same way j
there was legal presumption or suspicion
'that they were lying, but if they told;
altogether different stories about, the j
same thing the presumption would.be fair j
that they were telling the truth: Judge j
Heaeock did: not acquiesce in that view j
of the law and remanded Chung Into cus- j
tody for deportation. V. : ¦ ¦ . I
Said Judge Heaeock: "There Is always
something about a good case that dis
tinguishes it: from a bad one, oftentimes
as much; or more in the manner of the
witnesses as in the words spoken. "In a
multitude of these Chinese cases which I
have tried I have never yet recommended
a remand of ' one .wfftch upon subsequent
reflection I regretted, while on the other I
hand I have sometimes: recommended the
discharge of a petitioner and thereafter
upon further reflection I have regretted
it."
BUSINESS OF TH E CHINESE RING
IS DESTROYED BY THE CALL
TEN KINGS OF TOPHET-E. W. F..
City. There is a ceremony in China that
is called "informing the ten kings of
Tophet" of the death of an Individual.
This is one of many ceremonies performed
at private houses for the benefit of desti
tute or unfortunate spirits, such a3
"mounting the platform." "letting go th-e
water lanterns." "breaking into Tophet'"
"spirits passing over the bridge" and the
! , J , After these have been performed,
including the one called "informing the
ten kings of Tophet." which is the first of
the series, there is another called "notifi
cation to the supreme ruler, the pearly
king," which consists of the burning o:
two paper horses and two paper riders
also the burning of a document in the
name of the eldest son. If there be one
to make the notification to the pearly
king complete. All these ceremonies ara
intended to give such spirits eternal rest
as the Chinese believe that If the rites ara
not carried out the spirits will be continu
ally on the move.
LYE FOR PRUNES— A. McD.. Chicago
Park. Cal. The following is from the Pa
cific Rural Press on the subject of lye for
French prunes: "The lye doing" the bes:
work is found to be the greenback. 93 per
cent caustic soda, using about five pounds
to fifty gallons of water. As the water is
used up and renewed a like proportion of
soda should be added." A gentleman in
Santa Clara County who does an exten
sive business in. curing and preparing
prunes for the market says that "while
greenback will do what is claimed for It
1. after many experiments, use Babbitt'3
soda in one pound cans, seven or eight
cans to eighty or ninety gallons of water.
If the lye is not strong enough to cut the
prunes properly I put in more." He says
"Be sure to have the lye boiling all the
time, and rinse the prunes in clean water
afterward. Use the lye but one day if &
considerable quantity of prunes are
dipped."
CELESTIAL EMPIRE— A number of
readers. City. The term "Celestial em
pire," which Is frequently used In connec
tion with China. Is derived from "tien
chau," meaninp "heavenly dynasty." and
convey? the idea that it is the territory
over which rules the dynasty appointed in
heaven. The term "Celestials" as applied
to the people of that empire is one oi for
eign creation, and is not U3ed by the Chi
rese.
SMALL REX> ANTS— Subscriber, city.
To destroy small red ants, spread fresh
lard on a plate and set the same; where
the ants congregate. Their fondr.ess for
lard will cause them to go for it. ami they
will get caught in it. "When there is a
sufficient number on the plate douse th<?
plate and ants in scalding water and then
reset the trap. " :
ETOELTNETS EXPERIENCE— O, San
Jose, Cal. An article entitled "Edelyne's
Experience" appeared In the Children's
p~ge of The Call May 23, 1S37.
ACCIDENT AT THE MOLE— O. B.,
City. The accident at th© old Oakland
mole caused by the fall of on apron as
passengers were boarding the steamer El
Capitan occurred on the 4th of July, 3> ¦ -..
DRIED PLUMS-Subscrlber. Kelsey.
Cal. If a person has a Quantity of dried
plums into which a few worms have found
their way the only thing to do is to sort
them over and separate the wormy ones
from the good.
PEDRO— H. D. L.. Vallejo. CaL In the
grame of draw pedro the count Is In the
following: order: High, low. jack. game.
If In a game on the last deal A needs
seven points to g-o out and B needs but
one. If A bids gix and makes high. low.
Jack and pedro and B makes game. B
wins.
ITALIAN SCHOOLr-C. P., City. There
Is no Italian free school connected with
the School Department of San Francisco.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
¦--'•_-*- r'd. as cur people are. to the orderly
jrrrj^f^K cf iaw and to the judicial rationalizing of the
r" *r- .rr.»T.t. they may not at once comprehend the
eonseqeences of the revolution to which Bryan is
y>"<rd;red. It is kr.ovn that conservative Democrat* of
.- e r -> j^hoo] a '] over the ountrj- regard his inten
t'o-« z« to the courts with greater aversion than almo?t
i.::y ether of his policies nnd it stands all people in
hand to be mindful an-1 watchful in the same direction.
'¦".* is "- '¦<:*¦- :~z qrest solicitude about stable %nv
«-:-.— '-.: ¦-. •'-<• Philippines, but we want also stability
jt botse. when he proposes the unsettling of all that
•-. - r- r to a '--r-/. Thif is a very grave matter
1- -_ -: v -.-: do for the people to sleep izpan their
- . ¦- -•:--::-'.' by »be ~.zr.zz-\:z natcrc of the policy
- ;•¦-•: ; •¦ Bryza. A3 c: Mr. Bryan's -.poficiesj arc
- -- .--_ :--_ h* t-u-: carry them* out by giving the
<¦_--— a ¦i-rc-'.z iz-r. : r.:~<Tz.Uon. In his party he
hzi --.* ~.=,-'r:j' f.r ri^rz^r.:z%n^ the court. Altgeld
;•.-. -..*- a District Jtsdge and is in line. On the
}".--t- c c beati «'* '~iz?? v.ho pledged themselves not
-- «— - «- uj- ensorce say judgrrjent for the collection of
- Wearer of I«"wa h a lawyer. In this State
;" t ubzvok asd Mcctague. J. Taylor Rogers and
'--'-• -.': .- .--¦'. -"z'r.'v z*. one with Bean's policies. He
-*-'«-"• 2rra«$nient of riches in the shape ot
r iteriaJ to " r ""- on that great bench to earn* out his
THE interview with ex-Senator > Edmunds as to
the probable changes in the Supreme Court dur
ing the administration that will begin March 4.
1901 *i3 :-cres?e the anxiety of the. country for the
CL.iT.i oi Bryan. • • . ¦ ¦-'.'¦',
Xo one attaches ninth irr.portar.-ce to the change o:
.-./ r - 5O £ar » s it tnects the income tax decision.
Such a tax his heretofore 'been obnoxious on account
oi cs aeccssarilv inquisitorial features, which have
-. : ret been :o_nd to:en;b3e to the American sense oi
I. Inviolability c: * P**H** affai^- In En R land ir is
-- readily any other tax. because long custom
'¦_ - , -, .- :;.-. 'iar to the people. Mr. Bryan's bor
„ ..-_¦-- methods of taxation from Great Britain
v aot long affect public sentiment un-
Th; real reasoa for fearing his reorganization of the
c:::~. £O« :-~r deeper than any revenue question. It
t ¦-•--; purpose to strike down freedom of con
- - - :- ; -;— -.« -.rr.portant judicial safeguards to the
: - -. - -. - -. cny. I:, for instance. hi s idea of abolish
coun. by subjecting those guilty of it
it t - -- '" '¦£-' of a jury drawn from the scene of the
. ._. t _,.._. .... action, is carried out, the enforcement
writs ",d 'lecrees will come to an end. As
- -•• : -.~? pointed out. using the injunction
- - - -- i--S.:: Esiracg a? an example, the valley
-.•-.. - Ji '~T-.t. isho are protected by that in
• - - - - si care lose tJseir r«aedy by reflrrin^
BRYAN AND THE COURTS.
There is certainly . a wonderful wealth to be gained
throughout the Sacramento, Valley by the .develop
ment of acomprehen?ive:Systera of storing and using
the flood waters that run: to waste in the winter sea
son- Whether Mr. Coppiri's. plan be the best for
making a beginning. is a matter. of detail which cari :
be determined only after -elaborate investigation. It
serves, however, to awaken attention to the problem
and therefore merits consideration. This is one of the
issues of which agitation, is desirable. It may be
asserted that the imperative need of preserving our
forests and conserving the water supply has been
demonstrated by the resistless logic of facts and the
sooner we agree upon some method of doing so and
get to work the better. it- will be for all parts of Cali-
.Mr. Coppin says: "I have in mind for. a commence
ment of such a system within our .State that area of
swamp and overflow lands on the east banks of the
Sacramento and Feather rivers, running contiguous to
those streams a distance of thirty or forty miles, eight
to ten miles wide. Look at the number of people
and accumulated wealth this would represent to those
counties and the State at large, besides utilizing them
in a manner which would and must necessarily take
labor or industry of all occupations, hence bringing
into use that which. is a, detriment to society and a
danger to our country." v ' ..:¦ ' • :..-..•:
WATER and forest conservation is a matter of
so great and so immediate importance to the
people of California that every evidence of an
increasing interest in the subject is a cause for grati
fication. It is not to be expected that the earlier sug
gestions as" to the best means of dealing with the
problem will receive the assent of a majority of the
people, nevertheless, all suggestions of a definite char
acter are timely and valuable inasmuch as they tend
to provoke discussion and assist in that campaign of
education which must precede the adoption of a set
tied policy of action.
The increased thoughtfulness of the people on the
"subject is made evident by the increasing number of
contributions to the discussion from persons in all
parts of the State. One of the more notable of these
is embodied in a letter to the Sacramento Record-
Union by Samuel M. Coppin of Pleasant Grove. His
letter deals with the conservation of water for irriga
tion purposes in the Sacramento Valley and is a plei
for united effort on the part. of the residents of the
valley to provide a comprehensive system of storing
the flood waters of the mountain streams.
A FLEfl FOF^ IRRIGATION.
Prominent Instructor in the Department Gives His Reasons for De
claring the Present Board Unworthy of Public Trust.
THE teachers in the public schools of San Francisco have become aroused over the recital which The Call has
"adeof he in,usto S «!,ich thev have recdvel a« the hands of U.= pr-en, Bo.rt of U**£^g*£
• t_- 1 r 11 • r , miMipr ni nrominence in the department. While it is not the policy ot ine
- ssssssss IP i^^S i
eTk it An expose of School Board methods as a teacher in the department sees them is as follows:
SAN FRAXCISCO. Cal., Aug. 31, 1900.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: I have
noticed that you have been disposed to
give the teachers of San Francisco jus
tice, so I have presumed to ask for a lit
tle space in your valuable paper.
First, I wish to call attention to the
standing of the teacher in law. The State
law gives the Board of Education the
power to elect teachers into the depart
ment under certain conditions. He must
Obtain a certificate which entitles him
to teach in certain grades-that is, In pri
mary, grammar or high schools. Hav
ing been elected and having been granted
a certificate upon credentials or examina
tion, the Board of Education has the
power or authority to assign him work.
The teacher having been elected, having
obtained a certificate and having beep
assigned work becomes possessed of cer
tain valuable rights. The law plainly
states that he cannot be dismissed v.ith
out cause and specifies the cause. This
clause has been interpreted in a number
of cases to mean that a teacher in the
San Francisco public schools cannot be
degraded in salary or position. The rea
son Is evident, for if any degree of con
solidation or degradation should oe per
mitted It would nullify the law. If a
power of attorney abuses his privilege the
principal is held responsible; if a Board
of Education elects too many teachers,
the city Is responsible. To permit
the consolidation of one teacher out
of work, would permit the consolidation
of any teacher out of his positiop; It
would mean the restoration of that per
nicious system "to the victor belong the
spoils." The law does not erant the
Board of Education the power to con
solidate out the poorest teacher, the last
teacher sent to a certain school, the old
est teacher, or ; the teacher recommended
to be consolidated out by any .principal,
but It specifically names the causes and
gives the teacher the privilege of de
fense,' and until he' is dismissed accord
ing to law the teacher is entitled ' to all
the privileges of his position, one . of
which is his salary.
Teachers Robbed of Their Salaries.
The present board and its predecessor
have consolidated out a large number of
teachers. Some teachers have been out
of work nearly two years, others less.
Xew teachers have been elected. Evi
dently all these teachers are entitled to
their salaries, and any court of justice
will give them judgment for It. The
salaries due those teachers probably
amount to J73.00O or more. ' Each year in
creases the sum that much or more.
"What they may earn in the meanwhile
will not more than pay their lawyers'
fees, as they have to sue on a percentage '
basis. It requires about three years to
obtain an opinion from the Supreme
Court.
Now if the teachers win in all these
casps, one of three things will happen: A
largt-r tax levy will have to be made, the
t<-a.chf:rs' salaries diminished, or those
who have suffered the burden of these
lawsuits will lose the most important
part, their salaries.
The Board Unworthy of Trust.
The Board of Education should not be
blamed for demanding every privilege of
their office, but it should be done in such
a manner that no one should suffer.
When by due process of law any one can
obtain his rights, but instead does it In
a manriVr that causes tne most sacrifice*,
no censure is too severe. The Board of
Education at all times has been in a po
sition where by a test case every doubtful
question could have been settled by the
courts without in the least causing any
friction in the School Department. In
stead it has adopted those methods which
have impaired the efficiency of the depart
ment's machinery and have caused a
great deal of expense and suffering on the
part of the teachers. In doing this -ha
board has proved itself thoroughly un
worthy the trust .imposed.
Outrages of Board Discrimination.
Notwithstanding an adverse decision In
the Superior Court the Southern Pacific
i3 permitted to charpe exorbitant rates
pending an appeal to the Supreme Court;
notorious breakers of the law. as pool
pelleYs, saloonkeepers and divekcepers. ure
always permitted to continue their busi
ness until final judgment la rendered on
the plea o? means of a livelihood; but tho
teacher Is deprived of his means of a live
lihood without any notification, without
any hearing whatever. He 13 not even
given the same prlvilegr-? of the worst
criminal. The criminal Is held m cus
tody, but given his board ar.d lodging,
while the teacher is deprived of his means
of a livelihood without any aid. I ask. I3
it right, is It just. Is it the law of the
land, ia it the will of the people of San
Francisco that a corporation, that a pool
seller, that a taloonkeeper, that a dive
keeper, that the enemy of the people, that
the enemy of honesty, that the enemy o"
the home, that the enemy of virtue, that
the devil himself shall be allowed to gath
er in the dividends accruing from their
Investments in nefariou3 practices, with
the law of the land against it, while the
teacher, the hope of the people, the advo
cate of honesty, the protector of the home
and of virtue. God's representative on
earth, with the law in his favor, shall suf
fer for the necessities of life?
A Plea for Justice.
The one takes his inheritance and fn
vests It In -what leads to destruction 01
what Is good, and on the plea that ar.y In
terference destroys the means of a liveli
hood Is permitted to continue in business
pending the court's decisions. The other
Invests his capital la an education and,
with the law for him, wants for the neces
sities cf l'fe while he remains at the mercy
of -the court, the Eoard of Kducation and
the devil.
Mr. Editor. The Call has a yreat Influ
ence and has exerted it for the right.
Won't you try to devise some method by
which these teachers can come into their
rishts without incurring the enmity of
the board and their principals of schools
and sacrificing a large percentage of their
salaries? By so doinp I am sure you
would have the good will of the teachers.
Yours truly, A TEACHER.
SATURDAY SEPTEMBER it. 1900
ijOHN L). SPRrXKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ml Communica ions to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
MANA<;nirs office
laTjLICATIOS OKFICB. .SlnrUet «••«* Third. 3. F.
Trlriihonr I'reM 2O1.
EDITORIAL nOOIIS 217 to 221 SteTen.on St.
Trlrplinne PreM -«>2.
Drllrrrrd ti» C«rrli-r«. 15 O»n«- P*r TV*«-U.
*ln K l<- Copl«. 5 Cent*.
Term* *»> Mull. Inclodinc I*o«t«tset
TA1LT CALL (Inrladiric Funtfay). cne v#sr t< ¦*"
DAILT CALL dncludtr.K PL-r.d»y). « montht J £
DAILY CALL .includtrr J-un<Jay). » months LW
I>AILY CALI— P» Slnrl* Month »£
FT.-NI5AY CALK Onf T»ar »•??
WEEKLY CALL One Vf»r LlJ
Ail poilmaiirn are anthorUed to receive
¦nbnrrlptlonii.
Sample ocple« wi!l be forwarded when requested.
Ma'.l tvhtenbrn !n r,r.jer!rR rfcsrce or BiHrf-s Ftiould b
f articular to five both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to !r.»i:re a prcapt pr.d correct eorr.pl'.ance with tbe'.r r*<jaeat
<l«KI.«\ll OFFICK 11 1*< Hi-owH^-1
Now, however, she has cooled without cracking.
The passions of her revolutionary period have abated.
Party spirit is confined to a competition of wisdom
rather than folly and l:er people, 'sobered and. in their
right mind, can appreciate the blessings of self-gov
ernment which they are about to secure ia form most
favorable to permanence, . ' - /¦_'.' ¦'. '¦;]¦.:¦¦ '~
"We especially invite the attention of the American
people to this patient working out of. the policy of
President McKinley.; Had the hot and interested
counsel of his enemi?s been followed and the mythical
revolutionary government recognized. Cuba would
have been left to disturbance and disorder which
would Have made her government a farce and her peo
ple a laughing stock. ¦ : ¦
Satisfaction will be as general in the United State-;
a> in Cuba. The island >vHl begin the experiment of
felt-government under circumstances more favorable
to permanence and order than have, attended the in-
S^suration of at:y o.thci Spanish-American republic.
Whatever disorders! have . attended them have origi
nated in infirmities .of their fundamental law; /These
will be q:i:nrded against in Cuba and we may expect
there the permanence of law. order and liberty: ¦ .:..
Next day General Wodid. ordered the Cuban flag
rai«ed over the palace and the patriotic emotions of
the people were general. ;. /. : ••./. I :, .
•¦r ...-¦¦=*.¦•,.. .7,. • j . . „ .
General Wood said in his speech, which unquestion
ably represented the wishes of President McKinley,
that the immediate future of Cuba is independence
and therefore beeped of them to sink, personal and
party differences and passions and elect men to the
constitutional convention renowned for honor and
capacity and competent to draft a constitution. He
added impressively: "I 'care not what your party poli
tics, but. for the .present, party considerations must
be suspended -for the sake of the gr-eat end in view;
the end that will make history and affect the welfare
of all Cuban people. Avoid making Cuba a second
Hayti. You want liberty for all and/for no particular
party. The United' States insists that you shall have
it. This is. easily possible. We have, said it to the
world. It lies with you to. help us to make bur word
good. Your enemies predict your failure. The peo
ple of the. : United States and their representatives hope
to see you defeat their predictions. If we were not
your friends we would, not seek the best men you
have, but rather the disturbers and the malcontents
to represent you 'in the constitutional convention.
We seek and demand the best you have. ' Apain I
say. send' people to »he convention who will make
vour political system workable and permanent.".. ; -
a result of such resistance Cuba is not burdened with
several hundred millions of bonds which were placed
among American politicians ami newspapers. 7 but is
able to bepin in earnest the work of self-government
\\ ith a clean daybook and ledger. The people of the
island have everything cleared away and are face to
face with an election cf members of a convention to
draft a national constitution. Considering the cir
cumstances, commendable progress has been made.
Our American revolution bepan. formally, in 1776.
War did not end until 1783 and the constitution was
not made and the Union formed until 17S9. So it
took r.s thirteen years to reach a point at which Cuba
finds herself in less than half that time. Ail parties
ir. the island seem impressed with the solemn import
ance of their responsibility. They have recently com
bined in banqueting General Wood, our military rep
resentative there. The greatest good feeling prevailed
and thousands of people surrounded the building
where the banquet was held and cheered as the
speeches were passed out to them by interpreters.
AT last Cuban affairs are getting through the
mare and out of the confusion in which they
have been so long involved. The lurid writers
and speakers who urged the couatry into the Spanish
war were guilty of wholesale and retail misrepresenta
tion of the Cuban situation.. They told the country
that there was a Cuban Government in full operation,
under a constitution like our own. with an ex
chequer, a revenue law. public schools and school
books printed by the Government and in all respects
ready and able to discharge its domestic and inter
national duties. A variety of motives joined in the
making of this utterly false declaration. The major
among them seems to have been greed. Cuban bonds
had been emitted by the junta in New York and if the
fiction of a government could have been set up behind
these bonds its recognition would have validated them
and made them a lien on the revenues of the island.
It is worth while to remember now that Mr. Bryan
ni ged the recognition of that mythical government as
a part of the declaration of war against Spain. But it
was successfully resisted by President MrKinley. As
OUR CUBAN POLICY.
TEACHERS BEG FOR PROTECTION
FROM SCHOOL BOARD OUTRAGES
The various organizations of the city which have
been formed to protect the interests of the taxpayers
and to prevent the wiste of money needed for genuine
improvements should give their attention to this job
at once. It will be money in their pockets and a
benefit to the municipality to crush the scheme
ptomptly.
of the removal of those branches of the municipal ad
ministration to the Hall of Justice. With that addi
tional space available it will be quite easy and con
venient to give an increase of office room to the
libraries and the departments tlhtt are to remain lo
cated in the City Hall. \
We repeat it is not easy to estimate how much the
job will amount to when all is done. The advocates
of the scheme promise that the mansard roof can be
put in place for something like Sjoo.ooo. There are
other authorities who calculate the cost at more than
Sr.ooo.ooo. Experience shows that in municipal work
the highest estimate is always nearest the truth.
¦ -¦¦:.-.' . . I ¦- • ;¦
THE SAX FRANCISCO CA LL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1 . 1 ?>OO.
The ingenuity exercised by several recent suicides
suggests that there may be somewhere a code of the
latest fads in the art of self-murder.
The recent baseball contest at the Presidio between
civilians and soldiers demonstrated at least that the
bluecoats are more expert- at smashing heads than
balls. •;' .
There appears to b- a reasonably pood chance that
seme of the Herrin. Kelly and Crimmins followers
may be landed in jail. It would be difficult to suggest
a more appropriate place for their permanent resi
dence. ¦ ¦ ¦
The Oakland burglars who were lighted at their
work by the lights of the city's police station must
hnyc been inspired by some purpose more sinister,
than a desire for plunder. Thej' ought to make good
policemen.
6
AUCTION SALES.
?y Kw-.i". eoha-^-Tfei* <;»y. «i 11 o'clock. Furniture, at HOB
OcctOestaj Hcr^ Exchange — Monfiay. September 1 at U
or. -k. i! ->•*. st TCI Hr.ivsri «=!r>v^ ___^__
AMUSEMENTS.
Grar.fl Op«^a-h o «' ! « — "The BUwer King."
¦ Tlvcli— "Ttw Marked Ball."
Alcazar— *Troa Fmj."
\C Gambia— •Tto« Only Way."
it; twain -Vau<!°vi!!*.
uly-iia corner Mason and Efldy struts—^p«-:£.lties.
¦ :.:•.. s, Zoo ar.J TbnttT— V«ud*vlU« every afternoon and
eveniss.
";» ¦¦'-.fr'f— Vaudeville.
p ar? Bat:> of Pan Juan. FWscm anil S'.Jrte^rith »tre*ts.
."lay Hal!— PaKma Schrm^ntn. thl» afternoon.
;.• :-at;< -n I'ark— Baseball.
Exesnioo to Monterey— Sanity. September t.
Butro Bath*— Open rAs^'-f
S'.&tf F^eir. fa.-nm-r^-f'rtfr.Vr S to IS.¦ The first meeting this season of the San
Francisco Child's Study Club was held
yesterday afternoon in the parlors of. the
Child's Study Club Meet*.
>Iary. E. Fteed filed suit yesterday for a
divorce from William E. Reed, proprietor
of Reed's Pickle Works, 718 Bryant street.
In keeping with hie profession Mrs. Reed
eays her husband has a sour temper. She
charges him with various acts of cruelty.
In addition to a decree of divorce Mrs.
Reed asks for the community property,
which amounts to $4200.
Pickle Man Sued for Divorce.
Maggie O'Dea and Joseph Dean were
arrested early yesterday morning- by-
Policemen Cavanaugh and Fowle on a
charge of grand larceny. They are ac
cused of stealing $40 and a gold watch
from C. A. Peterson, a saloon-keeper at
12 Jackson street, in the Adelphi House
on Kearny street. The case was called
In Judge Fritz's court yesterday and con
tinued till Tuesday. . - . ¦_¦ .
Kobbed a Saloon-Keeper.
Several months ago a number of promi
nent citizens called a meeting of the busl-
Tieps men of this city .with the, Object of
establishing here ,a Pacific Coast commer
cial museum after the planof the big In
stitution in Philadelphia. An 'executive
committee '.was formed, "composed ..of
Mayor Phelan. Irving M. Scott. President
Wheeler of the State University, A. A.
Wat kins of the Board of Trade, E. Good
win of the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association, R. P. Jennings and others,
for the purpose of canvassing the city and
State for members. It was decided that
at least 180 firms as members would be
necessary to start the movement on a
fair financial basis. The committee has
been doing hard work and now the re
quired number has been obtained, v ;
At a meeting of the committee on Fri
day the conclusion was arrived at that It
is time to begin the actual work. Under
the plan suggested and indorsed by the
general committee, the next move will b«
to form a board of governors. This will
be done at a meeting to be held on Sep
tember 13,- which will be called by Presi
dent Wheeler. At that gathering the
work so far accomplished Will be reported
and everything turned over to the board
of governors to be then chosen. Those
interested feel assured that the Pacific
•ommercial museum is now on the high
read to success artd that in time It will be
¦ ne of»the interesting features ' of San
i'rar.cisco. ¦'• '
scribe to the Pacific Comrner
, cial Project. ',
One Hundred arid Eighty Firms Sub-
V7ILL SOON HAVE A
sftavSPLENDIDJUSEUM
• ' "t iiro-.-.Fii hi « f r.n\ ishs "?« .-! n t r yi.r.R • ro .. hi<1«"
the fact .ihaf ' Sirs. "Esonhar riied in Ms
; !a< ¦•-, wr:^ .;¦; released .^.frorn' custody;' yos-'
,.;;er<!ay by : >»r4^--of:-C^^n^&> v T3S.«ttlfi:^fte
csptaln; RstWreA; a. report ;from Chemist
. Frank .A. ¦Oreen. That hef.hrtd made «n
ar.aiysis of the -'-Vonjaji's Ctcmarh and
r.o trajee of poison, ior.ly alc^ihr,]. .v, : .
fJacnties ?.I'rft; The •sain'. ri-k/ v r.p*»r! at 1!!11
powfU s^r-»"t: wiiii got,, himself. ; arrested
Saloon-Keeper Miro Is Released.
Jofcn Drummon-l Is "at v pr«*«e i nt.',pii*raped
in what appears. to. 0e a difficult ; effort : to
prove' that $4000.nvQf th- of ;prpperty.:>tand
lng in the name of. Xlargarct X).
CoUlns^ otherwiFe^iiarrl^^yriKhV-lJrum>
mon<Ji his> wife. Is/coinmunity ; property,
Mrs. prurnmnn.1 piac^ly/cbrifesst'stobiK-
amyfand tays a'husband or two still tivr
ing and not divorced made; her happy-' be^
fore she; metDrummond arid "married".
'"What of ;; It?"', paid ;;
when Ju<!ge Hunt asked her if it; was pos
sible that «=he: had married Drummond
with full kn«wled«e that a husband by a
former marriape was In: fxistent-ei Theri
she told her story. She said she married
a Mr. McWatt in Kngland in.: the early
seventies. He died in h79. . Then she. mar
ried a Mr. Collins, otherwise known, as
Harris, and they separau-il in -1^2, In
1>-S3 she married 1 John WriRht,;. if ft him
after a few years, and without taking, th?
trouble to secure a divorce married L>rum
mond, .; One day AVright appeared^; she
•«{«id. and: addressing lirummond asked :
: "Do you : knowV that your wife;:ls our
wife?*'
This deadened Drummgnd s love for
Mrs. Drummond for two : weeks, but : at
the end of that: period he'eame biackito
the old home.' ;:a- ¦'. X ':¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ -'-¦' 'yr ''¦-¦• -'¦•¦ . : -v::.- ;
"He is not my husband/because there
is the other husband,'* said , Mrs; .prum
mond. ''and cdnsMiuently there citi: be no
community property between; us.";.': ¦••;.¦- :.;.;.
: Judjre Hunt :.will rtf>tprrr.ine the /sound
ness of .the contention next Friday. ¦; Mrs.
Drnrhmond is the keeper of a saloon, :.v>".;:
Husband the Xady Conf esises
to -Bigamy.
WRIGHT AND DRUMMOND
OWN THE SAME WIFE
I To Defeat the Claims of Last Named
(¦Hospital a ft er a ' brief, illness c f : pneumo-.
inla. ¦ . :. ¦-.¦¦¦ ¦¦' ¦¦• ¦ ' ¦•-' ¦', ¦¦: '-: ¦¦:¦:". ¦¦¦¦'- " : -- ::¦¦¦¦': ¦¦'- '-*'•:• D~V'- ; ' :
!Mr.-: Newman was borir in England May
h 20, 1S31. Hen rrjyetl in San .Francisco in
I the early part of isjV ami was a member
! of the .Vigilance 1 •Committee;..- ..-iie; leaves a^
| wife ami: jive prown children, ¦ V >; }¦¦ '~^\
| The funeral will take plnt^ Sunday art-.
r ernoon under the auspK-.f-s of .California
! Lodge :Ko. : 1, I. i)y(i: TrJ,:v± which, he was
fa charter, member.-; -,'..;;. : : :;; : : " Y i'v-v.-Sl'
; ¦{¦'¦':. -:'.:. ; ;:; ; Water-FroUt ; Notes.; : '¦¦ -::.;- '¦¦y;{:
i The barge that will be the piece derer
sistance: on Saturday night will be built
'up to resV mble a maii-of-war. Th> Native.
ISims assert it 'will be; the tinest thing: ot
i it,« kind ever seeri.on.the " bay.;' '">- ; i- ; '
'• The bark Roderick: I>hu.Vscheduled : to
1 sail for Hila next Sat uriliiy,; will, carry
i one of. the most valuable:, cargoes ever
, taken from this port. : Arn6ilK it will be
'"> twenty vacuum tanks for t he : Olaa plan-
T.tation. -¦;¦ .Each tank weighs :.six tons; and
! when all are .installed, the output; is ex
; peeled to be the greatest ever known . In
the history of. Hawaii: The "Roderick;
';Dhu ; will as usual be Vcro'wdrd 'with pas
. sengers, as she is the most : popular of
; all the vessels in the HlJo. trarie..:- .. ¦¦/:
7~^t , .-¦/ -,;',-. .;..- -.;.:¦:.. - /: :- : - : ¦¦.:¦.. Z.-J ¦-'-..' ~~t
Occidental ; ; Hoteii Mrs^ ; Hester ilarland
presiJlnK, :;The feature of the ; meeting
was.Ml,^ Anna: Stovairis paper entitle.!
.Kindergarten: For Every Child,"- In which
she .urged that t h be. not
[<^ke<l:.upoh. as a ; .charitable institution,
bu .t a :.P.arf- of the system- of general edu
cation: The club: will. hold its next meet
ing ;Irrlday. afternoon next at the.Occideh
tal:.--'. =. '•-.¦¦ :/\ ':': ¦ ¦•.¦'..-' . : .- ..:.:-' -... .¦ ¦;'.- '.-'¦ : . ..'-¦: ¦¦-.
To-Day 'siNews Letter.
issue of the News Letter Is one of
particular crispness: and- zest^' It has an
editorial r . on -"God,- Golf '?;: and. : Parson^"
which .handles the: latent social sensatlors
without cloves,: There is an article on
Helmont.. giving"; Its :.histor>' from; ; "Mar.- :
eion -.'to vthe Madhouse.*' that will .be -of
fiatticular Interest to tverybbdy in Call
lornia,; ; John A. Tayler, . the man of "fash-"
ton» writes about .the hats and things
our f ellowr townsmen .wear:..; Mr. .Tayler
is not : complimentary, but he . is sincere,
and . Reginald -Schuyler. ' the : clubman,
writes about "Knockers"; with: his; usual
directness. The Looker On and the Town
Crier: are full of good things and the jinglf
verse is well up to the News Letter stand-
: ard:;;.-:. r :v^;" :; v; ; -;:,':-:-v : >;;;- •.•,:¦:;:-;¦"¦.¦;:•>:'. A-r:-.(-*r : i
Forgery :Is Charged.
.Charles Alleni-a guest at the Clay-street
I louse, :' swore ;.tp,'- a complaint in ; Judge
.Fritz's court ¦'.•yesterday': for. the arrest of
AValter : ,HudlberK on a charge of ..forgery,
lie charges : lludlbcrg . : with forging his
name to anorder onithe proprietor of the
house: on- August 23 to deliver his sAtchel.
ns he had got a Job at- Port Costa.' 'The
satchel was delivered to Hudiberg,: who
has: kept- possession; of. ;lt: '¦•:; >: : . ;•-;:'•.;;
COMPLAINING WITNESSES
REFUSE TO PROSECUTE
Three Cases - : .; of -Assault to Murder
,: Are Dismissed ;l?y Judge, - : : •'¦}¦
' ¦ "" Cabaniss. ;--': ;i -.^ ;¦
Three Telohy .cases- were y dlsmissed by
Juc3^e(':ih;\ni5s.- yesterday: bepause.; the
complaining jri -each: Lease; 3re»
fuped to pn<secute.
'.^Joseph yStrrnp, .-/ a; -soldier, ' was 'charged
with : assault ;- to- :-,murilor.ifor
..Harry :.,;.<> nnnlly,, ... -.mar. a per.' of a'¦..¦¦varletv
sho\y, at- W) Sacramr.nto/fitree.t,- lastMon
dayj. night ¦':-. at ; Jack.^n -and Kearnv
streetss.r;;StroTiH::; had -¦ ppe.nt $85 for : cock
t;uls;;:at:;th.v;pliow and ; both.he;and Con-
n.ijly c]aimf<l ,t]iif>yAwpre;very drunkand
(Urinotkriow- what ; they: were doini?' ¦".:
- J oh n^ H I s h op ¦•; w a s c. h a rgofl r"wlt.h a si'm-
I in r offense. The . compl.TiriinE ,: witness
was Georcro.. M htn-. a- sol»lifr from Manila.
J.' 1 t h ''! )^n.j White wrre drunk and had a
tiffht. - Wiiite had; his headi badlywcut. arid
was lam i:p ;ff r'Vsome tlm" fr» : the hos
pital at tho rresidiO: White said he was
wKdrunk thatv he. fell, : his head; striking
against -.the .curli.:.:^.;';.,-.-;:^^'/,;:---. ¦:-..,. r." * :
Geprpre:-;;.:i-":;-:;. Furuza. a .-. Japanese; was
¦..9M-Tfe':1' stabhlner Shiro Tsursakl;of
_i22.. v l..iHmorc« street.; August 19. Tsursakl
aOmlttea that, he had put his hand in
his ,h:p pocket.: before > he was stabbed
; The, .partnership quarrel between i-.-'C; ;II.
koehncke and C.:F:fI\app culminated Iri
the : arrost at K?ipp yesterday a f ternoon
on a Xcharpe of fraud; .Thomas ; Alton and
John J. Carroll, went' surety on. bonds in
the sum of $4000 and: secured Kapp's: re
lease. V Koehncke claims Kapp has bested
him: In busihess. affairs;: :.., ¦¦¦:. ' : ;. '-iv.-;-^: ;->¦:-,
Arrest of C. F. Kapp.
Nurse Simpson in Court.
:M!.«s ;Ma& : Simpson; the nurse; : accuse(1
of Pteaiing:; $750 worth'pf Jewelry that; be
longed, to: Mrs, Jeajine ; N ey '¦¦ Xa: '¦¦¦ vRoche.
w h o rn:; sh e a 1 1 ended be f <ir e h er death .was
instructed : and arralpned ln r Judpe Gon
lan'srcourt. yesterday^; : At the request -of
her attorney, ex-^ud?e Low, the case was
continued till ; next Wednesday. . : ; . "
;v !i Altbge.ther.l6.6cCF,.j)o : uhds. : 'orni.tro.-gelatlrie;
will: be required •.'•'•to -blow/up Shag Rock
No;; Z. -:The resulting specta-ele is; expected
tobe :quite as sutjinie. aa wa«; that on the
occasion of the destruction Of: Shas-Rock
No. 1. when a column of water was jro-
Jected 1000 -feet 'in: the ; air.: :o rf' .¦'¦;¦:¦'-' . :;- :
¦ .There will be ¦ 150 ;of' :.these -charges
anchored 40 wire cables, each having, an.
explosive cap and; all- connected wlthr'ihe
electric: .battery ;.. stationed- \ipon a barge; :
Nitro-gfrlatlrie Is composed of- 90 per cent
glycerine. It: can be ; handled ; wit h lm
pupity • and; the; iTfleri : .::.riow : engaged; In
transferri.Vrf. the. explosive substance from,
the cases"; into,. the...sacks : In ; whicl\ it ; is
to ..be. anchored handle i.r without fear. :•:.
AVhile small vessels and other bay craft
could sail over Shag Kock No. 2 with
perfect safety all ships drawing above
eighteen feet had to give It a wide berth.
Located not a great distance from ih»
entrance of Raccoon Straits the strongest
currents in the hay converged at this
point. Seven or eight miles an hour 1?
the average current and at high tide this
speed is exceeded.
It was at first Intended to erect a. plat
form over the rock and drill to the depth
required, as was done with Shag Rock
No. 1. but this method was found to be
impracticable owing to the difficulty of
securing a safe anchorage. It was tnere
fore determined ; to depend upon surface
explosions to disintegrate the rock, rely*
Ing upon. the resistant force of the eight
een feet of water lying above to aid in
¦the', work of demolition. .. The rock :-'ex- :
tends about 150 . feet each way: . It id
rectangular jn shape and consists, of . 29V9
cubic yards of rock, which must be re
moved before the contract. Is. fulfilled. " ..'
:/ The requirement is to secure a thirty
foot depth of water at: mean Vow water.
The rock -is divided Into squares- and at
each : intersection there will be anchored
a.. : . charge . of • of . different
weighty var>'ing upon. ; the depth of \rpck
to be removed. ¦..•¦:¦..•.¦...' ~'-c : -?'- : ¦:¦''< ': : i'. : ¦¦:'.; .'r:'J
Shag Rock No. 2 lies i;,0 feet distant
from where Shap Rock X9. 1, which v.a.s
blown out of ' existence Several: months
ago. threatened ships in: tne bay. but un
like its former companion no part arises
above water. On that account it has al
ways been considered as an object of spe
cial danger. -./... ¦ •. ¦'..•.•.¦'¦'.¦.¦ ' '¦'/-. ¦'¦¦;
.Shag Rock No: 2 will be blown to atoms
some day next week, probkhly Tuesday: or
WednesdajT.'.prpvided there Is no hitch, in
•the. •¦¦flna'l preparations .which are now be
lnjr made by the contractors who have
agreed to remove this obstacle to naviga
tion from the waters of the bay.-'.V ; ; ';¦'.-•
Ten:Thousand Pounds of Nitrb-Qela
;V'^ -tine; Will Be'^crsed i6'^stroy^' y - :
; : * Menace to Bay Navi
,' - '*- gatiQiL. '
Preparations for Destroying
: Shag'Rock'No. 2 About *
Complete.
WILL BE RENT
ASUNDER BY A
GIANT BLAST
John Turner Newman, better known as
."Old John" along the water front. ; who
had been in the employ of the Southern
Pacific for the last twenty-four years as
frritfht clerk on v the creek route, .died
Thursday morning at tfce Southern Pacific
John Turner Newman Dead.
Th^ Ca'tiforniav : -and.'. Oriental Steamship
•Company: filed a libel in tbo I'nlu-d States
District <*r>urt; : ye.sterda%*» against -the
<=tramship Tellus .to - recover :jl«/"n>i; dam
ages for the lo«-f« of -the .services of. the
Beiplan King <3'.;rlhK the time/that vessel
was laid up for repairs after her. collisJori
vlth ilh" Tellus. It I« alleged that the
Bflpian Kitig was. sublet to : th>; Uniied
States Gov.->rnm»>nt as a transport at $4.V>
per. day/ and by : reason of being lhid up
tor .repair? the, plaintiff company: suffered
the lopsof $1S.»JP4 on the contractv'. : .'.'' : .'.V : ;..
Steamship Tellus Ag^in Libeled.
\Tb^ steamer : Kghert was .moved . out
into thf- stream yesterday-: Later in the
.;<¦.-!:*- was . •do.-kicij and a df-cid>d list to
f)<irt'w;is --tr.iight^ned uii. The Egbert
and ' I^can.vWiU pet away to-day. The
?; rvr.-rr ¦: will, carry freight for 'the jrnopp
in .-. < 'lun.i . - wh!!e th<=\ latter .: will carry
trnr.'j.s :\n\\ supplies for th*» Philippines.
T: •• Ilos-^crans was to have sailed, to
day.'with- men vbf ;. the ¦: light . artillerj-.
S'.fne. necrssary repairs, have to be made.
however. »nd the transport will not. got
ftway; before Monday.-;': ,.: : '.>\. : - :_•:¦'-. .-;;¦ : ...... "-'.•.
Movements of Transports.
/The American ship Ersklne,M.: : phelpp..
which is now In port, was the Jlrst vessel
flvinff the stars and : stripes to : I enter
Manila Hay with a load of coal. ; Captain
Grahiiin and his wife and daughter : we.re
theYjreestS of. honor on all the ; vessels of
the Amfrican. fle«-t,.: Again -af. ; : Honolulu
the. Phelps Was the first . vessel .to: enter.
t rt f-.ftrr the Islands had been annexed,
a r.«1 ajrain i'aptain Graham and kis wife
were f- \<h\. The ErskineM.; Phelps is
Atn-ricnr. fr^m.kerl to truck and no more
patriotic American lives than -Captain
Graham. His wife is a Native Daughter
of the Gol'i^n; AVest; 1 ¦'- ':_¦ ¦¦-¦ ¦-.; .; . : . : . . -.;.-. ,/ :'_-.'.
The Zrskine M. Phelps.
.The Government authorities and. ..the
,>w! • r?^)f the new. steamer .Callforalart an 1
Et-nlng anxious because of the long trip
shefs maktnc .tovManlla, . 5he left here.on
J;:ly 17 last and- has not been heard from
sin<"-e As a result' of scare 6tories:M per
(<M is now bring, paid to reinsure ship
a.r.'l '¦- cargo, : but: She ;.': general ' public -doe?
nut thinK there is 'anything : the matter
with th^ vessel; When the Callfcrnian
left "."her*-: she had never been fully :; tested^
t he ha y trial only lasting ¦': a : f w :;¦ hours.
1 T-.tlf-r-th" circumstances pomethltig may
h-ive^happened .to her machinery that has
caused a stop and in that event the. big
freight «t*»amer' may . nots b% heard from
t. r weeks to come. ' V: .:;¦:,'':, -¦:-:'/¦¦;-;;¦¦:'.'.
The^'alifornlan carried nearly 8000 tons
of general merchandi=e for : the army in
the Philippine?:". .^ ¦">._:;¦ ¦ ', "^Ys.V'.':^- •¦ ¦- ' •'."••:.
Calif ornian Reinsured,
;: The KlizaiMiller, left without a crew,
had to be tied up In the harbor and Cap
tain Peterson -did hot know what .move, to
mak* u:iii<t the circumstanci-!». Finally
the Danish bark Klsle came along and
Captain Thompson, the pilot. Tan her. on
the- re^fi The bark became a total lbs*
ar.d the cirow had to beisr-nt home, : The
Kliza Miller, being short of men. the ques
tion was asked. /nVho ; wan«« -tQ ;;go: to
America V" livery hand went up and the
re-ult was' that : * the .. men had .to draw
-traws. I'arl Weber secured the coveted
position bf cook-and •'-Alec Syensen came
up as Bii A;it. -Whon last heard. £r^m Stee,
iiuu Goldsmith were- en joy iiij?; themselves
in the . ''Lotus iahd" : and had mnde up
their min<ls,to live :and die In Samoa; ¦ •:,;
iheljllra Miller left herein Jan
uary last -she; had among the crew "Jim"
S • .¦•¦I. . w ho . .vias ;ta . d i> : the choking..- and
ileiirgp CJoldsmith/ who :was to. act. as sec
opd . iiia'.e.. During the : nin io Apia .all
went well; b\it once the men got ashore
the troutjlf/begnn. ; :AJ! hands and thecook
went ashore and had a good time. The re
sult was that Steel and Goldsmith became
iiifatuatefl/ with; tw-o: native . womeri; and
st<;ilir.K: the ship's boat; started for, the
island of Savaii:.: On, arriving there they
s\i!q th*> i>ciat: and disappeared. : .. \
.: The crew of : the 5ehr>cner •' Kliz.i: Miller
fell, in love with, the dii?tky Samoan rhaid
eris and had It -not been for; the fact, that
tb" Danish bark El?ir war .wrecked <)n a
cofai . rppf . hear; J'ago -Pago, the -chances
are/ the schooner would still . be. in thi?
Southern; feiist. .;':;,.: ';:;¦ 1 ://: '¦<"••;"'¦¦ -'y ¦:',¦
Wck) and Win Dusky Maidens While
Men From th€ Wrecked Bark
Elsie Draw Lots -.for- ¦¦•••¦• : -- ;
'.-'•¦ : ' ; >' ; ;-.'" : v.-:W ' Their- Places.
Eliza Miller Remained
in Samoa.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT:
OLYMPIC CLUB
SPRINTERS RUN
FOR A DINNER
Frank O'Kaue and Phil Wai:d
Compete oh the Cinder ;?
Path for a Feed.
"Th" Tiva!runn<r= prepared f-,r the ra<-e
and while ih» <,-tncial? were Ttifa<=urjnff off
f.fjy yard?, th^y >hivfre.l. ir> prani aTtir*"!
'.V.in<1 wore s=!x or sPTfji ni'-'i.!; 1 *"triv.- hltr)
r«nfi<1enre an-1 O.'K.-vn*' h; 3 •!-.:.¦» h- r->-sh*'<»
¦'etowei awayin •¦;¦
•¦ -;p sravej: warming \:f< r '¦)-•¦ •-•: v-t nf
? p...>d and :ho ¦Fpt-tlnu r- :r.r,,h *m;ill hrt*
1 :': -r ¦¦ feinp tiic : fr'rni •:^;y'.nyr,,} : !)<• the
-•! 1 '-harn;>I"n«. J -.T l » intik** : th*> ¦ rar<* ir" ¦•r-
V >T'ng; 'D.-c'- Hi^-i r-~. w! o is a : s^nrm^t.
p-ifrc^tf-ri T ' ' '¦¦•' r:v.'!- r-Mr:T<- :»v-f,; r a'
:¦¦••.-. .v: ••¦••'¦¦;• ••?•- pr— '.n- J:;.v:. 1C -an v .
-th«t- % 'p4r^f*t! ¦ ' B,r».thv1rw»«^ fr>ej!n«^§q
:•¦ •'¦ ; .¦¦¦' -K- <::^.>;1r:i :^Tl;p:nro
a> :- r-/'. .< VK; J j;e;li 1 ic;: a;>1;fen-»i ; trii: pay for
f f - ¦¦¦•.; ¦¦jr : ii:t-:-i hy ¦-'h* •h^jnsrry^'«''V.v*w«S-.' " ; v" ¦:-..
¦-'¦Frsirkvil-'ij: T*ri'">i -"iVJsi. si>ik><* >ho*».c tn
¦-tiie f?'-:-...: •!"." r.ir..y -<v.f !al]:>; ab^ijl/fnot.
fa'cif.(p.':s«»r'hi:ii !> 'v:ll r»-<;oiv<». a Reception
!•- ir v will '>¦ ..*>: ,r<r. ><irr).l ;.han . the >;ocks
¦: ¦¦ hv';VB J JlyV:.Ki»hne<1r". . ''¦'.^••"i: :'-: : : ; -'^'-. : .-vv/. ;
On? . pr-^spnt ¦ ; .\Vnr:'i. »."'!r.c an .old-tlmV
sprinter. ¦•triokv.^ip *he "•hall>ng°V i!*-spite
th^ ?r:a:;i,ivairf -i\!-.i<-h c(iv«'re.*.-his lome r >T
thnuphr.f;'. ':Y: '>:• r. J .:<y v,a« ;>> iiay ; set • f© r .
the radian 1 '. -Wa !id, : *Y Kaiu-. A! Lear..
'Doe 1 ,-. : 'Hjichcs;. Upr.ry Rnss and a num
tyr of rt'.hcr -a?h:<»<<»s hied thf-msfH (s t<.
th*>- .Olympic .Club grounds. ¦'¦ .: ¦¦¦ -J .; : :
"Doc'.VS. F. Hughes !)•¦!. 1 the watch :tn-i
his brunette dog ""i'lcv.*;..: The ; hands on
the clironomotT; r-'frij-ifr^l six >.-'-or.ds
for the fiftljr^-yarife; His- fenow-n-ieir.tVr*
afterward as.-..;:.-.; \':,n\ -the •'l>t-c. : -. : . i:; !:i?
effort tj>-ri-M:;i::; !:,- from' satnpTiiij;
\Vand's calv«»," .-:iaitj»-. # Hie watch before
the race was half ru:». The-.timcKfcper,
on the oth*-r hand, swears ;i.si;ivt>ly. ir.at
he pri-s=sfij:. the >;>!i; just ;i.s \\'and ;l»ri->Ke
tilt « p.'.' ¦': -. '. 'y <..:Pt .-¦..: '
oivane •<>ok his defeat with a
heart v and !' botieht-; f<>o<J -,: for -::iv<* -. hungry
athletes. Frank ij'ist his appetlTite vhinK
lrg of the amount : : o.f-: \h>> JiiU he /Would
hav« t'.;.a>- .1:...: a'" • sy;ir;:;s'.y.. ¦ 'A'-a:;«i
v,u.~. running ::, • ¦ I > : - 1"; rr.« ¦. " '¦¦m ur.>! !¦••
seeche'j his frk'nds.-t^i save thrir apji'-iires
UKiil. <-ve:i!ne.- . iji? : adxnnn:ii>jrii was not;
'._¦ •-•.•- \'-d. :Th» rrnwi v."3ii(?h sat dfiwn T>
.-- tfa*eVrae« o> > 5 . :}>':r ¦>¦).! :h:rj;s paid
• t ¦>-. Mr i'Kr.:;.>. wcr^ as hungry a. lot ;
;• :::vr- .:> •••••: .¦:; -.s<.-.I ihe : thr^hoM
t : : :¦>• -o v. •.-. r- ' •¦¦¦:' •> •- wirsp^d •¦•"."p." '"'.as'
t>llowV: •'•K.r-- r- > -r.- ;v rv;::r::-.i !r. ni
r...\. : .:.^? ...:•: e .::,;•• r.y racing; and/rro
cjiiicW: He :fi» ".ar'dly kfit-w. tliat he: waa up
• ; rrn.ariVl: divulge<j this irnp'ortan; - fact
t >> a ..ffOTerip...'- of , ;athU?t <-f at ;;-t he club. .
i..fKane liadalso fh» ;^>'merity : :o iirk!;y%\ 1
edg-" paying: ;b£ai>n: Kra:rk;:ltod^)ph»\: a:
Stanford:'' I >:,:vt-ri=ity- spnnt< r; -an.1 a.V Mr.
Setteocr; ;, ra. h ;- : ¦ f>iay*r -.r s
i"a'.if< rnia. j:i a :''- ; ,aj-d r.muaie f..r a
. :. -;.> iFhamrvgr..'.-: < .;.Kuv- .:- \^|.«^ r ;
!t!a(B/n?nsi^^^4'**-he'.hai:'. : niaii>^ : iBwd|^Ui : >ti^
; % r"Ve his prnw-«s='P on the cinder path.. Phil
Wand was presient 'wh^n O'Kane -.discussed
t is victory, and a- > r,-..- >4-'i--sr:.>n an.S'-* us
• < I'KaTK'P.Vab^iiy :•. -car <if^- a
. th? .latter volunteered iri ra<-e bnv
?.t on your 'ir.iark'.;" yellM^ AY I>ajt^ :¦;
• S —...•¦ ho vkamingly; shouted dind---r-'-
I'.ajig.- ¦!..• pist.,'. :^-~t: rang.. <3ut. ; and'
--rank < » Kht.- an.} Phil Wand raced down
lh« cinder path neck and neck, ainid the
¦- of f'll'.A-nipmbers of Thie Olympic
1 1 was a race for a dinner -and ¦
thoughts of the entrees filled .the miuds
of the fi.^t-footed athlci.es,':. whll« they l»?t
out extra'. kinUs in their legs in a wild
• ::" n ¦¦> cross i1k> tai>e nrsi. .Th<..iial<l
t (Vaad . <-ui the worsted ¦ as ¦'•¦: he
sprawled over the iini.«hing line a. foia/aiil
a halfin front «>i his rival. •;. . •/.-/•'" "/ ; ; . - :
A Fhort rest tTisued and both jruririers
were ooactMd am] gruonu-u by their imme
diuie f<;ilowers. A^jaitj thjsyv tbod :the
t>cratch and U'Kano-: :: .-iiiade''v three y :a!^c
6tart*> in his tffurts-to beat ';. • th- ;¦!.¦:. <\:
<.>:ice more the echo <>r the shu resounded
end tn- epriaters l'.a&heu past the specta-:
tors. For- the tim twttnty-live. .yards
i.>i\ane had a ioad," but \Va:i»i, b> ..a supei
hnrrmn effort, drove his hij?h-gea.red lunbs
x.-t'-r and once more show.ed the. bacK of
i:;s i-ale to i>'Katit-.v. V :-v --;-.; •. ¦;¦ .^; : \ ¦ r
A Hot Footrace at the Club's Outsids
Grounds, ;Which Was Timed
by a Watch That -
Stopped^ ' ...V : V ; -.;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1900.
FINE AMERICAN BUILT SHIP ERSKINE M. PHELPS
7
MATINEE TO-PAT (SAT.) Sept. L
Tarquft. 2.*c. any scat; balcony. 10c; -children,
10c. any part.
GRAND RAI.LT OF VAIT>EVIIXES
STRONGEST FORCES.
Y0SCARY~TR0UPE,
Lavender and Thomson, TheTobins,
NEWSKY TROUPE,
LEW HAWKINS. CAROLINE TIULL, ARNIM
AND WAGNER. MACARTS GREAT
- ANIMAL SHOW. BIOGRAPH.
SPECIAL 3U1 IN tEliONDAY. Sept. 3.
LABOR DAY.
*!"J VO LI*
MATiNEE TO-DA T ind SUNDAY NIGHT.
? ?'TAN^HAUSER."
BEBTBALD
.>\S"" : -vc.: ; : : '>a ¦¦ to-night. : y'- : .\- :
"THE MASKED BALL"
Russo, Ferrari. NlcollnJ. Zar.J, Repetto, Pol»-
";.V»";:\ ¦'¦ v, : - : - :^ ; - ""-. ¦¦¦'¦; *? n ). :>nd ; Llcht«r,/.. -.':• ;¦/:• - .; .;'.
NfXT WEEk- o CARjytEN'^-**ERNANI w
; : : POPtntAR PRICES. & and 50 cent*.
V :' V'..'-..-; . !¦¦¦-'..".¦ . .-Telephone.. Bush, fc . '. f ¦ .
ir^i^M i i ia jbl i A ;; -¦«*••¦¦
:i-'.: % 'Y IJLSrr^TSrO-: PERFORMANCES.
:¦'¦: '¦':¦./'¦: • -:•: MATINEE TO-DAY, •¦ :'
./=¦ 'FAREWELL, TO-NIOHT.
\\- . - CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRYMILLER
V V.':, y- And a SPECIAL COMPANT ta
TheONLYWAY
h Beetnntnc NEXT MOSPAT.
CT^AY CLEMENT and Li. R. STOCKWKLI^
fiupr-orted by a Strong Company in an Adapta-
tion of Charles Dickens' and WUkie Col-
- : ¦'•' ¦-¦ Uns* "No Thrtrouithfare/* Entitled
: V ."A GREAT OBSTACLE."
Seats notr^rfady— «, 73, 30, 33 and 25 cents.
; .-::'-.. ¦•:¦-; Box ..and Lose : : S^atv II 50.
MOROSCO'S
GRAhiD OPERA HOUSE
¦.-•".- . : ' MATINEE TO-DAT.
v:-:.-C--:'-:-- LAST TWO NIGHTS.
THES1LVERK1HG"
Next. week. ht»t of 'Wilton Lackaya. By b*b-
i'l\.. -¦ - -¦¦- • . . • ¦ ¦': eral request-
"CHILDREN OF THE GHETTO"
andVTRILBY."
L-'-':v-:-'.'tAB6lf- DAY MATINEE MONDAY.
t:;'-"r':'-:- ¦ : ' -PRICES— 10c. 15c, iSr, £0c.
t :.¦-"¦•. : "•• A few front row» In orcheatra, 73c
j ; ¦ Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
' " '• ¦'¦ '"¦¦- \ '-'¦ ' : ' LAST TWO K1QHT3.
MATINEE TO-DAY,
r / • PLORENCB mOBEHTS'
¦¦¦/¦¦ ":;\ '"-¦' : BEAUTirUL PORTRAYAL
F^ROUijjrFL at/ 1
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER I.
BEO INNING WITH LABOR DAY MAT1N.EB.
D0H0THT D0BB and HOWARD HALL,
i -'..- •i-V- v .:--.' THE' '-¦¦ '
:y;---:^.<XEyrAiJ:AZAn company .,
"THE MASQUERADERS.V
GHUTESand ZOO
AFTERNOON AND EVEJONO.
-.'"."- ¦'¦ -A "¦ ¦ • : ' ' '" ' ¦ '- ' "'•"••;'
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW I
SEABURY, High Diver.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHTl
SCENES OF SAPHO
And a Great Cakewalk.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
BASEBALL!
Sacramento
vs.
San Francisco
TO-DA Y AT 3 r. M.
SUNDA Y AT_2:30 P. M.
MONDAY, Labor Day. at 2:30 P. H.
OAKLAND is. SACRAMENTO.
RECREATION PARK
Elsnth a.ad Harrison Streets.
PTQPHI7R»Q CONCERT HOUSE.
Hadlry and Hart. Vic W. Cuion. Maud Still.
Brooke Eltrym. Eudora For<1». Little Vern» FeU
ton. John Dttmera and N-w Mortng Picture*.
Rescned feats, tic; Matinee. Sunday.
SUTRO
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dully From 7 a. m. to It p. tn.
Bath»nc From 7 a. m. to 10 p. tn.
ADMISSION. l*e. CHILDREN, 5c.
Bathing, including admission. C">c. t.'hlldren KVs.
HENRY GEORGE'S BIKTHDMY.
HO.N JA1IFS G. MAGtJITlE will .lo!lv-r the
oration. Address bv JOSF.PH LEOGETT and
STEPHEN POTTER. MISS ELLA V. Mc-
CLOSKY. Vocalist. HOWELL'S Orchestra.
5Ielr->v>olItan Temple. Saturday Evening. Sep-
mnhr 1st. » p. m. Public cordially Invltea.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
_ _ 1 ' ¦ AMXJSEMEJrrS.
PAIN'S BATTLE OF SAN JUAN
FIRST TIME TO=NIGHT.
AT THE SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STREETS GROUNDS
M Ever Produced !
5.66 Officers, Soldiers and Red Cross Nurses !
IX CONJUNCTION WITH
PAIN'S $1000 FIREWORKS !
DETVICES AND ELECTRIC rtT.OTECHXlCSl
;.¦•.: . O VNIGHTI-Y FOR TWO WEEKS. EXCEPTING SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 2.
: ¦. .':¦!"¦ '¦'¦ : '-' '¦-¦';-¦'.¦•'¦ X 'T"-.;\~.'.>' ; ; '".¦ .: V .' .. SEATS FOR. 10.000... : -.
Prices ----- 25c, 5Oc, 75c and S LOO
."; '.'•', I-'/-;-. -']-¦/¦ '_:; ¦¦ ; v -' ¦' -^CThll Jrf n. : First Four Xlgrhts Only; 13e and. 2oc.
: *.".>\r*-V^V~Boxv.and GranU: Stand Seats Now On Sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'a.
The Galls
Semi-
Gentennial
Admission
* Day f
Edition*
Out September 2, 1900. !
fPage Upon Page ? ? ? ?
V./I iriLcusciy :
Interesting Stories •;
Profusely Illustrated as only the
Sunday Ca.l can do it.
4- ' " .¦•;. " . ".- . ?¦ •
The Greatest. .... }
Admission Day
Edition Ever Printed.
. : •: : •¦-¦;'
The Sunday Call Leads Them A' f .
I I '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
;. yyi' : r-'.y-"':--' : .^ : -V-\'-'' '¦'''/".•'¦¦¦'-'•?.''•'¦.•¦¦¦'¦;"¦•''.> '-'-I-V — . .' ".; — -i^--: — —-":.;• ..... n'--.^~' : '- -.o\^-.o'--':; ; :.. .V :
>\- Letters from Women Relieved of Monthly Pain by Lydia
j^ E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
\\ Painful Menstruation
k ; : :i •' Dear "Mm. PnfKnAM:~i was troubled with female weakness, Irregrular
¦ k ••¦ ¦•¦' •-•- ''¦¦'£0B^ ( [ C>(^X^ J^^S^'-.'.ahd painful menstruation. I suffered so e very
•| .'¦' ]f«. y&bk* ¦ ' ' -.month t.li nt I was ol)lig-ed to go to bod, but
k''.V;- :: - ; ' ;^^'' % r^M^v "-¦':'.¦'¦¦'¦¦ ; 'thanks to ¦¦ your medicine 1 am now well^ ; I
K' : '- : ' : -'j~vij^jr^j ' ''•' "•'"' would advise all women who suffer as I did to
j k d^f^^^^N^twiS-v. use Lydia E. Pinkhajn's Vegetable Compound."
\ J^^^M^lim^^^T r^' ~^ aiR3 - ANNA: Lacy, Ross,; Iovra. ; ; : : :; .^'-t-^
t^^fei^artrn G ra teful Mtes Mussolman
i^^-^'^^k prJT*| S J] : ; "Deab Mrs. Pinkham: — I always suffered at
'flfii '*?f(yi-*3i vEvT* \ — II — time of menstruation ever since menses bepan,
tW' '¦\ li^irR iWiV^ir 2^ ¦ fP W^ n bearing-down pains, sickness at stomach,
ki. *£*>, <K4>"H Pa J'lV \ 4~ somet ' me9 vomiting for two days, sometimes
M'^0M^0%\ fjjYtr'lW — Tl v 011111 * 11 ?? 1 blood. As I grew older, the sufTering-
$ I ecame worse. I tried many things, but ob~;
V\ 'v^J ' %7fMs ' i!0$yL \=r ta5ne(1 no relief - At last concluded to try
TXmgft V^ your medicine. I took several bottles of Lydla E.
"^^^^^^^Aj^^^\ \ ; Pinkhara's Vegetable Compound and followed
ySjfc^K^TO^^^^^l y^\ your other directions, and now menstruation
is P ainless - I *eel and know that I owe it all
)I^)fji^§^«^5^¥^^S?^^>l y° ur niedicine, and never fail to recommend
Ht^^^^^^^^^^^Sy^gr it. I am very thankful for what your medicine
one or me ' an^ w ish that every pfllicted
"Mf ffi^W!si¥ffl\\ Of woman would try it. "-.Tk.vxieC. Musselman,
:^^^^mJ I \V\I "i 611 West A ve -< Sidney, Ohio.
'WWMfM$^\i \ Prostration at Monthly Periods
¦^j^^^^^M^Mf\\\h " Deaij 1rs - Pinkham: — I was greatly
\V troubled with my menstrual periods, was very
' 'ili^1r*^S^^*^^«r vveak and nervous, could not work at all. I
M*S8 8hSI Ss^y have taken Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
.___—^^fe^^K i^S^^TX P oun(^ f° r several months, also used the Liver
1 ' : ' ' ' ' ¦ ' Hj^^^'^'^'(' I ' ' ' I 1 I> 'H- S and Sanative Wash, and am wonderfully
'•ill Pi- A?^i^3'»Kp^S^ i —— L improved in health. Myneig-hbors are all sur-
(*wiraitT*l ._^ prised to see me out and doing- my own work.
JSJjESBiBf flffBrejIg 15 -^ would advise every suffering woman to try
'^TT^I^^maP^fflfl^Sffl^B Lydia E. Pinkham's remedies." — Mrs. Hexrt
'¦'I i tJbBeBHJ""^^^^-"" uelleb < 543 McAlpin Ave., Clifton, Cincin-
]8iBH|lEBiS Irregular Menstruation
:^^^S^^BB^^^^^^S^i\\{\ "Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — I want to thank yon
i| ' W^^^^^Wi^^^ 1^^ f ° r wnat L .vdia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
. iiiimlilu^HaHraK^^^ pound has done for my daughter. It has helped
-^--^^^^^^^^a^Syfir/j III her very much. She had doctored for two years,
! **" VBjfflRP7ij/ji(( u^ obtained no relief, and now in two months
and a half she is well. Menstruation is now
> . , <^^u regular, appetite has returned, the pain has left
; her side and her headache is better. I feel very thankful to you also for
; your kind advice."— Mrs. August Pfalzgraf, South Byron, Wis. . : ;
| Fifty thousand letters like these at Mrs. Pinkham's office in
«. Lynn, Mass., prove that the safeguard of woman's health is .
h LYDIA E. PINKHAM'S VEGETABLE COMPOUND
EXCURSION
TO **
Monterey
PacifiG Grove
j>el iViorite
SUNDAY O
SEPTEMBER U
¦¦Rpund;;^^: : ; WKv': /'¦¦; : : H \
UNDER THE PERSONAL EUPERVI3IDN OF
{. WJt. H.. MENTON. EXCURSION PAS- : ..-.'
- ; ! : > SENGER -AGENT •..'SOUTHERN' ¦ . .• "^
;:;.':':; ;;v '^:> : v.pacific'\ company,;; ;.v:. : -r- :':•¦.¦/'¦
5 HOURS
'¦¦:• At .THIS i)Ei.IGHTFVl> ' RENDEZVOUS, .'
: --.bath '"-. house: px: bat. shore. . ¦"'- '".;":
- :.:: ; SWIMMING IN THE SURF. ; ; ",'¦
AMPLE TIME TO TAKE - THE CELE-
; V BRATED. EIGHTEEN-MILE DRIVE.:.;.; ; ;
:: Train - leaves . San : . Francisco. Third - and
Townserid st.' dopot,: 8 a: m... ReturntnK, leaves
Pacific Grove. 4:45 p. ml-.">v-.i ;> ¦ . -, ¦-. ' •¦"• ¦.:¦"¦ ¦' '-.i.'.-
Residents f>t Oakland. . Alameda and Berkeley
should take the 6 a. m.: local for San Francisco.:
:^i 'SPECIAL .EXCURSION TICKETS
Will b* placed oa sale at Ol»— Market «t:^Cl3
(Grand Hotel ticket office). August 29. 30. »1.
and September 1. and at Third and Townsend
and Valencia street depots on morning of; the
: excursion. ¦x.'--J.'- i.^Vr."-?. 5 , -'-:•¦'. ' ; ¦ -.-'-.v .i'-? ; --'^.- l v'
I:-;. ¦ ' '.; - '." ' ¦ ". '. — —. — — ¦• ': ; . '. '.'.'; ' ." ' '.; 1
*Jwa of RaLcir^g.
•'¦¦•':¦¦*¦'¦¦-»-.¦> ;- ¦:¦.¦¦,.-..- ' ' " ¦ O I lf\\Bf
ExKibiT? Carried ..rrec^
Excursion Rates forVisitors.
V/riie ior particulars to -
P^Rj. SMlELDSri AtBS p RECKELS ,
: ? E^ A P >:r '.;; ; v : :-.; -'¦.,} prcsiocnt-/-^:-'
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES. ;
Catalogues and Price Lists Matla i
if}ff f-'vi* bn:-:Appllcatlon.s-v;^Vi> : '-.:>';
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZbXCH. lawyer^ 503 Cal '. qunlo bd.
• f C U'H <nV <t rn ' 9°° Battery Streets
;/• U W 1L5U " g \H' 'Telephone Main 1S6«.
COPPERMWTH. : ¦ ;
r W : CMim Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
W-TT- 3i!lllll. Ship Work a specialty. 16 ana
IS -Washlnston «t. TeleDhone Main S64I.:'.'- ¦:¦}:.
- ;: :'V IT^P ELECTRICAL. : '^y:' : --.
D. D. WASS, ¦¦,•'..: ':x~? f";>:: : ¦-¦:'•% : ' : -': -¦'--•-•..¦"
: : ¦' .¦;': ,:-¦- : ¦: •¦¦ ¦ electrical Engineer. . J* East St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS;
JA3- DUILJ tt tU« gay. Tyt.. Main 1294.
GALVANIZING AND METALS.
Mrg. ft Dealer In Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS, 315 Howard Bt.
HARNESS DRESSINO.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 23c. Roblnron Chem. Co.. 1183 Howara.
LITHOORAPHINQ.
Union Lithograph Co.. 323 Sansome «t, Artistic
Lithographer* and Printers. Government U-
cen!«>* for Imprinting of Revenue Stamps.
METAU
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Padflc
Metal Works. 137-9 First St., San FrancUeo.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * EL-
LIS. 418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1713.
PAINTS.
Cylinder A Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S. F.
PWINT1>1
F r FFIfiHC\ PRINTER.
D I- nlmnO. SH San»om» »t.. 8. F.
PRINTRUS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
j 23 First nt.. San Franctsco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tcl 1SS? iq PARTRIDGE ** <*£%?*
MITE ASB STEAM COAL, JSSFSuSi
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In th\»
markot. Of n>«- and Yards — 4->rt Main «rr»»t.
*'^0^^&g ra ; d ', for Uoaorrl..^
yffi^rccnEs^a £!eet. Sperinot orrhT*.
*SsSyln 1 to&cJmT».>iM V\ hitoj, uinttca] \'.Z
BJrpi ' Or»r»ot«J Tft charge*, or any iafl.~— rc^
B*a*l not u> ctrictuat tion, • irritation or a vtr*
i^r> »reT«Q« eonugioa. tion cf nncoor, n«-nv
Kr*tLTHEEv*NS CtUViruHo. bri n'«- NoD-*strIcs»nt
oo. Overcoats and
i . : . . , .-; Valises cbecksd free, iH. J. PAIX.
A beggars' Irague In St. Petersburg mu
tilates children and cripples them to
arouse sympathy from the benevolent
v.-hen th'-y arc sent to beg In public
pla'-es. The chief of this pang, who is a
¦wealthy man and has posed as a philan
thropist, receives 75 per cent of the mor.ey
tefged by the unfortunates.
A Beg-gars' I#eagTie.
It Is related of the late C. P. Hunting
ton that a young man once called on him
to sell some much-needed rails at ?7.i a
ton. Mr. Huntington said he had rails to
sell himself, amused the caller by a half
hour s chat and got him to sell at $60 a
ton. with a six months' note for pay.
Then before the man left Mr. Huntington
discounted the note for 6 per cent off and
Daid the cash.
Know How to Make a Bargain.
(gS AX FRAXCISCO for the first time
T*^. In hor history Is to be treated to
Q^^ one of the great Pain fireworks ex
: ¦ ¦ ; hlbitlor.s given In a location se
lected after much thought on account ol
its favorable atmospheric conditions. Pain
fireworks displays have taken place at
the Midwinter Fair, at the old HaJght
street erounds and the Velodrome, but is
The superiority of the old-fashions
hand-shaved pine shingles to much of the
machine-sawed stuff that is used now
adays is illustrated in the fact that th«
shingles taken from George Hamlin'q
barn at Avon. Me., when he recently ?e
covered the roof, were still in excellent
condition though they had been laJd in
l* 1O u Mr-: 11 ? 11111 " would have made money
if he had simply rftrimmed the shingles
and put them back again. -
Good. Old Shingles.
Every horse in the English army is
numbered and has a little history kept
for it all to Itself. Tlie number is branded
upon the animal's hind feet — the thou
sands on the near hjnd foot and the units,
tens and hundreds on the off hind foot.
Thus the horse^JBhose number Is, say, 8354
will have an S on his left hind foot and
354 on the other one. On what is called a
"Veterinary History Sheet" everything
about the horse will from time to time be
written.
Army Horses Numbered.
Arthur Evans, who dug up the palace at
Gnossus in Cr^le. gave some interesting
details about his discovery to the Hellenic
Society recently. A largo paved area he
..poke of as "the original dancing ground
of Ariadne.' In one corner of the palace
was a throne room, the throne havln
"crockets" and other details that -nti^i
pate Gothic designs. There are freS^S:
of: flowers, water, rt P hes and . Irowds of
'n.en and women, the former with led
faces, tho att.-r with white.. Tho head
dresses and costumes of the women are
"truly I'arisian." 4CU are
Ariadne's Dancing Ground.
"Put I want it." replied the red man
Th' re was <=irn<» argument and the attor
r.ey finally rfr-marided his reason.
"Since bororniriP a Christian I have been
very careful :n all my dealings, that I
may beTready for the judgment," an
twered the brave wntentiously. "and
whr-n that day comes I don't want to take
time to pr» to ihe bad place io get mv re
•¦fipt from you."
The receipt v.as made out and delivered
promptly.- Philadelphia Call.
An Indian's Foresip-ht.
TherA ra«a lawyer in the Indian coun
try who had rore too pood a reputation
for h^r^fy. Ore of th<» aboripln"? " m
ployed him to do a Uttle legal business
It was done in the client's satisfaction'
the tcf duly paid and a receipt for it dulv
<*.«"mandod.
"A .receipt isn't necessary." the lawyer
GREAT FIREWORKS
DISPLAY TO-NIGHT
nine rases out of ten low, dense fogs
would roll In. spoiling what would ordin
arily be the sight of a lifetime.
A number of San FrancJsco business
men, after carefully looking over the
ground, decided that the Recreation
grounds at Sixteenth and Folsom streets
would be an ideal place for such an en
tertainment. It is a well known fact that
when the rest of the city is enveloped in
heavy wet sea fog the belt in which these
grounds are located is entirely free from
the disturbing element. With this fact
in mind they have given Henrv J. p a in
known all over the world as "Tho fire
works King," a heavy guarantee for four
toon performances of his ejpen air military
spectacle. "The Battle of San Juan Hill '•
in conjunction with a fireworks disnla'v
on a scale never bpfore attempted in San
Francisco and which will be changed
every night. * > 6
The first performance will take place to
night.
COIvONEI. WII,I.IAM R. PARNEI.L,
pecrotary of the California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, has -eslgned in order to
liecome profr^Ffsor of military science and
tactlos at St. Matthr-Ws Military School at
San Mateo. The directors of the society
keenly regret his resignation, —for during
The pa«t throe and. a half years hV has
filled the position of : secretary : Colonel
I'arnoll has made hosts of friends for. the
organization. l*he appointment of Colonel
Parntll was a matter of short considera
tion. He received a dispatch from the
Secretary of War informing him that his
services had been sought by the president
of the military school and inquiring as to
his wishes. The offer being a favorable
one, it was accepted, and the Se^fretarv
of War immediately made out an order
ior Colonel Parnell to assume his new
duties on September S. - :
The new professor -Is. eminently fitted
fcr the position he i? to assume. Ills early
*-rtucation was at West Point, and upon
the breaking out of the Civil War he en
tered the Union army a? lieutenant in
the Fourth New York- Volunteer
Cavalry. He took active part in
mai;y of the noted battles and
wears scars in consequence. By the
end of the war he had worked himself
along the line of promotion until he earnr-d
the title of lieutenant colonel. At the
close cf the war Colonel Parnell chose to
remain with the army and he has held
Important positions ever since, most of
Ms commands being: on the frontier. Many
years of his life werp rpent fighting In
diar.s in Oregon. Washin.^ton. Idaho and
!:is campaign in the Bud Land? is an im
portant one in thr military history of
Indian fichtinK. Colonel ParnHl Vas re
tired frnm active service in 1SS7, subject
of course to orders from the superior offi
cers of the army. It is doubtful if his
Fuccrspor in the children's society will be
appointed for Feme time, as the directors
desire to obtain only a man thorouehiv
alive to this peculiar work.
COIjON'EL W. R. PARXELU
<Photo by Bushnell.)
for thfi guidance of all partici ->nts in the
celebration and the public : generally iv- -i;
A!ds to th* crand marshal will ¦-.-.: report/
mounted,. -to the chief Rid at 9 o'clock a, m,;nt
the Palace Hotel, New Montcomerj'-street ¦ en
trance, •••:.'¦ .'¦ '.:¦:.:. -¦' .'¦ : : - -. '¦' " : . :.'- ' : '':•¦'¦';•*: .'i ;: ..- : :-.;.V/.' \C: : .
All ofuanizatlons must b« In their, assigned
plaice* at S:30 a. m. ri»ady to move.-:: All thone
who fail to be in line when the parade .starts
will be asslyned to the rear of. the last dlvN
slon ..:
¦'.- Dhiflon marshals and their aid* will see that
the societies belonging m their division are es
corted to their proper positions and are prompt-:
ly formed. • - - : -¦ v. :; rji-:-' '¦¦¦'¦''¦'.: j:> '..'•; -|v .'.¦¦; -.•••-' V r --: ':
The alRnal tt> advance will be given by bus;le
and day rockets at 10 o'clock a. ni. sharp, and
will be promptly obeyed by cach : division In Its
turn, and all will march In not less than- col
umn Of fours. ..: :A- ¦;:. / -.'v- ' V- •¦ V-. > ' '¦¦ '¦/¦¦ '". - ¦ ; --' '--.• ' -'¦'
¦ The distance .between divlyiona -will be bIx
yards.: Divl?ion niarphala must maintain this
distance. .- ¦;¦. "":-¦¦¦"¦' v-.:' ; :. ; : '.'- ;i -.:.-.''-'. •.• ¦'•¦• ¦ [M"''' ¦'"¦'¦ 'J'- : .W
'-':. Display movements or evolutions- "retarding
progress of parade are strictly prohibited. .'¦ ; : ¦
.-. All organizations must avoid Market street
below Montgomery or Second street while en
route- to the point pf formation, and under.no
circumstances pans either up. or down Market
street, between Montgomery street 'arM ; the
ferry, and must approach the place In which
they form at least two blo<rks from the rear.
This does not apply to the military organiza
tions, comprising the First Division. .'-.:¦: ;. ¦
v Headquarters of grand marshals during for
mation of the divisions wllljbe at the Junction
of Market, Battery nnd liusli streets. -,-•• .;.n ;. .
All carrlaeen must occupy the places . desiK^
nated for them and will not be allowed -' be
tween; divisions. Carriages must march .two
abrrastl-'-. . ; •¦.'¦¦ ¦•;"¦'¦"' .'.'".:¦ •'¦•;¦ :'..:¦¦'. '-'''¦!¦, ¦ ¦.
of any kind Is positively prohib
ited, and: division , marshals and aids are di
rected to cause the removal from the parade of
any. one . violating:, this rule. : . :...... :¦ ---•'.¦¦'
:; Division- marshals and aids are directed to
guard against floats of their respective divisions
becpmlr.R disabled, and inthe event of such
accidents will at, once cause the organization!)
following or- succeeding to pass the disabled
float and continue the line of march. - •
All wagons carrying seats will not halt nearer
than forty feet to line of march or cross streets
and must not unhitch their horses.
People. In general must not stnnd on the out
side of cable on edge of sidewalk. - .-¦ :
MEMBERS OF THE COilMIT
' , : ; TEE ON PIONEERS. :.V ;V-
-..¦prbfessloinal matchmakers are invaria
bly; employed to arrange marriages in
China. • : ... -:¦'¦-¦ •'
WilleandMr. Aked Krefllns
have succeeded .by, ¦'¦: their patented proc
esses in making seaweed useful -in difter
ent ways and in. producing the following
articles from jit; -namely: -Sodium 'is- ex
tracted through the aid of acids, and more
sodium is obtained in this way - than
through the burning process, when con
siderable waste occurs; Prom the offal
after making sodium can be produced, ani
admixture to «o-called : sizp paint (instead
of .. using-. Iceland moss). This product is
much -cheaper and canibd*made insoluble
in water through a coatingr with a special
stuff. : It can thus 'partlj' .take the plac0
of oil. ; Further, there. Cfin" be made from
seaweed .a; "finish for use In cloth mills...
and - thisysame product can also -be -used
;a&;:a:>;glXie> for;: paper, half-fluldlike
¦poilp can- be : ; made -..lntbTaj kind of leather
for. binding; books. ,;\ iv5^'-. • ¦.:•;. -¦ ¦¦¦
Be Put.
The Useful-Purposes to Which It Can
SEAWEED.
PARNELL ORDERED
TO fl NEW flEL-b
He Resigns F r om the Chil
dren's Society to Becori)e
a Professor in a Mili
tary Academy.
C. G. G. Scaparone. L. d'Orville Chabut,
O. A_ Renn, J. f. Sil«»r. G. S. Mentzner.
i\ E. Sars. F. A. L^wis. R. B. Miller, J,
A. Hal-bett. J. F. Hadley and L. H.
Wheeler, acting Assistant purgeons. leave
to-day on the l^ogan for duty in the Phil
ippines. •--. ¦ - ¦-. - .-'-:. . ¦/.:-..;¦¦¦ '¦:¦
Misses Grao» Armstrong, Maude Murrin,
Annie M. Bartholomew, and ..Laura- L.
IJndley, now at the General Hospital, are
ordorpii to sail on the Logan for duty In
th» Philippines. /. •.-.:.' - / '';:~:'~'r : '~:.i\ : ":
Major Timothy L>. Kelleher, : additional
paymaster U. S. Y., has been assigned to
«iuty in the ofilee of the chief paymaster's
departmtnt of California. . , : ./;/ ..-...;
Kaj-3y this morning two battalions of the
Kirst Infantry, with headquarters and
band, and a battalion of the Second In
fantry, with headquarters and band, will
leave the Presidio and march to the- Fol-
dook. arid embark on the trans
port I»gan. The Klfrh Infajitry, now at
the Presidio, will remain in camp until the
10th tr.st_. when it -will sail on 1 he Thomas
for the Philippines. . — -. ¦ . :¦. ¦ ¦ •
Th*- transport Hancock left Nagasaki
for Sa_n Krajiolsco on the 29th ult. . .' : -
1L C. Miller, private of Company B,
Ninth Infantry, iras delivered to the offi
cer of the day at the Presidio yesterday
and confined in the post guardhouse un
der a charge of desertion. Ho was found
t-toxred away on tlie transport Thomas
two days after the ship left Nagasaki.
Miller is a deserter, as the term jroes, but
his desertion was accomplished at great
risk to himself. Ho participated in the
battle of Tientsin and behaved as one of
Uncle Sam's boys in blue should. His
comrades* were faliinz ail around him,
but he escaped unscalhnd.
Picking up a wounded comrade" he tra
versed the bloody lield and deposited him
in a place of safety. Returning to the
firing; line once agrain he was enabled to
help a follow soldier and placed a sep-jnd
victim of tho "Gherio" bullets wherw he
could not be struck again No fear of the
bullets .'oil Miller, but he simply decided
that he had had enough, and he continued
his march to the rear. Knowing that he
had unaJterably ruined bis career as a
soldier, notwithstanding his brave deeds,
he was compelled to remain in hiding, and
peized a chance offered to return to this
country. He stowed away on thfe return
ing transport, but was discovered two
days out. He »was confined in the brig
during the rest of the voyage and yester
day was sent to the Presidio, where a
court-martial will decide his fate.
Carries Wounded Comrades Through
Storm of Bull6ts and Falls to
Beturn — rtund Stowed ./ ¦;
Away on Thomas. ¦.> -=-^> '¦¦•¦'"¦. '. - : .-.
Private Miller Performs a
Heroio Deed and Then
Leaves Command.
SOLDIER RUINS
FINE RECORD
BY DESERTING
Alfred ;¦; Clarke, v wh6^: installed ;.-. the ! !flr©
alarm "Tapper" systeni/ in this city some
years ago, will be/ citedr to appear before
the-; Police and Fire ¦¦commissiOna
the next ten days to show cause why" his
system should not : be discontinued^. Thla
action^was agreed upon. by? the Police and
Fire beards at^a; specialv joint ¦¦¦ meeting
yesterday afternoon, and :it ; is the first
pfflcial step^aken relative i .to the/Hewitt
J n . a "5 r ' A vhich was aired at some length
In The Call several weeks ago. . ¦¦:¦-' :
'¦o Superintendent -.-"Hewitt was present 'at
r^^ 6 , ng> but he was not questioned in
regard to/ tne : rumors pi mismanagement
L ii s apartment, ~ Commissioner New
thM ?f*^? up -the question by moving
•-V^ £#? e .iCla?J^ system be/ removed. He
stated that since all the liremen had be
come permanent there was no longer any
need of the tappers which had served in
their-day to notify/ the call men when
there was an alarm. Newhall's motion
was seconded by Commissioner Mahoney.
c i5 r- i^ M^ Nut , t , thou Sht; the commissions
should give Clarke a hearing so that he
might present any reasons for continuing
the service, if r.ny he has. Commissioner
liecht thereupon \ offered an amendment
to motion that the secretary be
y lstruc _t e d to Kubpena Clarke to appear be
fore the joint board within ten days and
state- his reasons for desiring to retain
the service Jpnger. -The; motion as amend
ed was. adopted; •";¦¦-•• ¦•. : ..::...• -•. -'• '-¦'
¦J,^erkVG.a'aw|alla^eF'said' : ;tha:t-^fae ; '--'-Kad^eii-''
deayort/dtb ;ocatip:€larko so as ;t6:have
him i •.¦-present : yesterday; .but he couldn't
be, found anywhere, .:....:': -; '¦' ..'". .:;¦•¦'. :;..:;¦¦ . /::
;^ The -.board {transacted" Very little other
business of; importance: The. employment
of oi; man; named: Brown:' aa instrument
maker^forvthe electrical/ department ex
cited , considerable discussion; Gommls
slpnersGrady and Mahoney objecting tb
ills candidacy on the: grpundv that, he al
ready had a : good: position^ and/they be-:
lievfHj the. place -should go to a ma n out of
employment if possible. .Browri; it seems
conducts a little repair shop, the profits
of; which are/ probably/ much /less than he
would realize if employed by the city- It
was: decided to lay the 'matter over until
t.he.-\ne;xt meeting;/ ¦;-.... /; .¦,.•'.¦:-•¦. ¦¦"-. : ..-./- ¦.¦¦¦::;¦'• -. : ¦
;/¦/: The Civil Service/Cbmrnlsslohers sent in
a:cornmunication/sta*tinB that it would be
some .time before/ /they.:. -would be able : to'
conduct :.an : examination for the, benefit of
the : elect lical department -and suggested
that; if .any more men were needed they
be appointed ..conditionally for sixty days.
/Secretary ."Bert: Cadwallader asked to be
relieved, frbni the clerical dutiefi In the
electrical/ department^ as the work inter
fered; with: his labors as secretary of the
cbmmi?sions.- It w-as voted to relieve him
a pa r c h a si n gr ; a Be nt f o r : t he . d e p ar t men t r
and the work will be done by Superintend
ent ;Hew:itt's: /assistants, air coritracts be
ing; subject^to/the/ apprbvat of the chair-:
man:;.,'- -: : /- ::•/:/-. v .'-. ; ; ;/;¦.:'•': ¦':¦:.¦:.¦.:.¦ •¦\.'. : .. : :"-.>- ¦;¦•=¦¦¦•
Superintendent ' W« ; B. v He witt Ap
pears Before the Board, but Is ¦
Required to Answer No
''/¦ ;: .//' Questions.
Alfred Clarke Subpenaed to
Tell Why Signals Should
Be Continued.
POLICE AND FIRE
BOARDS DISCUSS
TAPPER SYSTEM
T the session of the general comrnit
/lj\ tee last night the \ committee ; on
Ji Pioneers. -recommended: that a', re
. , ceptlon be tendered to the Pioneers
on September 11 in Native Sons' Hall from
1 to 6 in the afternoon? iV:-/; '•.•¦ '¦¦'¦;<;' -¦' : '-"v \' -.
The reception committee reported i that
It had secured from the \ Harbor Commis
sioners two rooms for reception purppses.
One of these has been tendered to the re-:'
ception committee of the Natlye'-.Psiugii-'
tens. ;:. ; ;\:/./.'.-V:-/.-/- : '. l -v'^
Th© regatta committee reported that It
had appointed the following /honorary
Judges: H. T, Gage, James D: Phelahj
George A. N«rwhall, H. S. Martin, P. G.
du P>-. W.D. Shea, F,H. Dunne. H. G.
W. Dinkelspiel; S. V. Costello, R. C. Rust;
F. EL Samuels, Paris Kilburn.R. Herpld
Jr., P. J. Harvey, A. J. Fritz, J. B, Bold
man. For rowing races-^Referee, John T.
Sullivan of the Pioneer/ Rowing Club;
6tarter, T. I.; Fltzpatrick tho South
End Rowing Club; marshal, T. J. Ken
nedy of the Dolphin Rowing Club; assist
ant marshal, J. A. Geddus of the Ariel
Rowing Club. Judges— South End Row
ing Club. A. H. ileiletz and J. P. Foley;
h^oneers, W. St. JoUn and F. Rafter;
Dolphin Club, F. "\V. Woerner and W, O.
Patch; Olympic Club, H. Pless and E.
Connolly ; Ariel Club; Kd Lynch and K.
McDonough ; Triton Club, George Blum
and L>aniel Everett; Alamoda Club, Theo.
tiisfeldt and B. J. Hogue. Colors will be
worn by all crews so they can be easily
oistinguished. ¦'.••: ¦¦';¦';¦¦ •¦.¦;• .- : "¦¦' '¦¦•¦'¦
Whitehall boats— Referee, Percy Hen
derson; starter, W. F. Fitzgerald; judges.
Captain Peter McGowan and J. F. Gately.
wishing boats— Referee, F. Marini; start
er, A. CereghJno; judges, A. Paladlnl and
G. Cinquatl. /. • ' ¦-. •'¦:, ¦ ¦ ¦ .¦ . :. - -¦ ¦'¦ -, ..' -; ¦/'.-¦ ¦'. '-..
It was announced that the Hall of Jus
tice, which was designed by W, D. Shea,
secretary of the general committee, will
be dedicated during celebration week and
thrown open to the general public for In
spection. ¦ , : v /-..¦-.¦ . .- : ,/.; '¦¦¦ '•.¦-¦¦..:.¦¦¦ •¦'.':
A committee of five, consisting of L.F.
Byington, J. H. Roxburgh/ Tnomas .H.
Vi\ian, E. P. E. Troy and IVrcy V* Long,
was appointed to ascertain .-why 'the mem
bers of the general committee should- be
required to pay $1 each to go on a boat In
order to .witness a parade "which it has
created: . ':; ."-. ¦-.; :V .;'.: : - ;i : '->S '¦'"'¦ '¦¦ v '-'.' ;¦ ':'i'''r
The general committee will meet again
next Tuesday. /.. .¦..-.:¦¦,/•'".¦' ¦.¦.';':.¦..;•.¦ . ¦•:¦ ./¦;¦¦,;. :¦-.. ..
McEwen Brothers^ the ¦ agents : for -the
new town of Sa nta Fe at the terminus pf
the Santa Fe Railroad; have donated one
of the best : lots' in the new .town to/ be
given as a prize :to the parlor of the Na-/
live Sons of the Golden West which has
among its members ..the father of Ahe
greatest number of : boys. Vallejo Parlor
lays claim ¦ to the prize, having brought
forward one of its members with a record
of eight sons and one. daughter. Up to
date this Is the banner parlor, and unless:
some other parlor can /make a better
6howing the lot: will under instructions of
the Grand Parlor be deeded , to Vallejo
Parlor. : The time for the close' pf the con
t-est' 1« September 3 7. ¦.-.¦¦¦¦:¦.-.¦¦¦¦• : ¦ ¦:'¦ ¦¦-.¦¦¦•¦ v;-
The following is the official. programme
of events for the colfbratlon: - :
SATI'RDAT. SEPTEMBER STIT,
:0:r,5 a. m:—I>aunc-hlnK of TVS. /monitor Wyo-%
nlng. at Hnion: Iron Works. Reception of .,'
various parlors. ;/..-. : /"-/v./. :¦/>;. ¦?';..'¦' : --'.~-~'-' '.¦:¦¦'.'
7:3i? to '¦ !0;30 . p, m.-^orrert at -Junction of.
Market'^ Kearny an<i <»ear> - . and/ Junction of
Powell. Kidv and Market. /•-:. ::.-•.-•.:
* p. ra.--Xaval para.ie from PaciSc Mall dock
to / Lombard streets (Excursion boats will
rharir*; $\ per capita.) : : '^../-.v.;/- ; '¦)- .
8 to 11 p. m.— Promenade: concert in the nave
of -ferr\ - :huVIdlng:,/. •;•:"-,.".¦¦¦ '"/-: ...''¦¦:¦¦ -I'':'-..- ;'¦¦.-.¦';'.
/FfXPAT. SEPTEMBER^ 9TH. i' //
"0 a. m.— Rowing regatta./ Start ; at Channel/
rtreet. ./:..¦¦'.->// ,./'-./.. •¦: :•/.•¦.>.¦ ; /-\.: .':/¦;'
2 p. m.— Sailing races— fishing boats. White
halls ar.il yachts of Paclne I nterclub Associa
tion. '.:.-'.';¦ . £¦¦¦'. ':¦ ' • ¦¦¦¦'"-' '- ¦ ¦ - ¦'• ¦'¦ '. ¦ ¦'• v' '-:¦' :.-.'•' '-. .. .;/¦
2 p. m. — r>edJcation <3f Rpreckels music Etand :
Jn Golden Gate Park. ; Band . of. seventy-flvo
plpo<»3/////- : /'./-..\ -./¦:¦> :-".y-.'-!. ! . ¦.:'¦< ' ' .• : --.''-" : -. T ¦ !.-• -'.:¦¦ V ; ;
-¦.- £ p. ni: — Bicycle and autombbllf ¦ races, Ingle-
Fide racetrack. Admission free. '¦ y : ¦'¦ •;¦> ¦* ;¦¦: "'.¦'. -.•-; : .-'¦•.':•
T:?.O to 10:30 p. ni:— Sacred concerts In Colum
bia ar.4 Washington squares.; junction of Mar
ket. Kearny and Geary, and Junction of Mar
ket,- PpwHl. an.4. Eddy,..^-v.-:, -;.;¦.• , %j.r-j ¦/¦¦!:: .-. .
;': ;// MONDAY; SEPTEMBER 10TH. .••'..
30 a. m.— Grand parade. Reception by various
parlors, at respective headquarters. -
T:SO to 30:30 p. m.— Concert Junction Market, j
Kearny and Gearj". and Junction Market/ Pow- (
ell ard.Kddy;/ ¦:¦.•¦./::¦¦;•.¦--:¦;../ ¦,.; 7 >. ¦:¦-¦¦: \]
8 p. m/— Literary exercises. X. S. G. ¦ W. HrJl. 1
t p. m.— Grand dlep'.ay of fireworks at Tort]
; : ti'ESdat.Cfeptember iith.
/> a. ' rn.-Exhibltlon drill of S. F. Fire De
rnrtinpnt at Seventeenth and / Channel ; and
FraJiclsco and Stockton streets. . : . }
S:I5 a. m. — Excursion around the bay of Ban
Francisco. / ¦ ' ¦:-¦'. ¦¦.--' - : ¦-.,-¦••-:.....•-. ¦¦• :' ; ¦ '¦':. '...•• ":'j
10 a. m.— Exhibition drill of life-saving crew I
at ocean beach.. \.vv /•. . ; ,7^ /:-.v -.¦¦-....: . ¦• /': .••;•¦'.-¦••!
1 p. m.— Opening and inspection of Hall of j
Justice. ../-..../¦/•¦ '.;.¦¦•.. ;•;-'..•¦ * .¦.;;: ,'.":v : >.v.;/ -.;.;:.:/[
2 p. m. — Reception to Pioneers at X. S. O. 'XV.
Ha!l. Receptions at- various parlor headquar
ters.-' ¦ \ ;-¦ •¦': -:;¦¦-. ;./:. ..- .:--/. : . ¦*• --V-. ¦ ¦• ¦ . -.¦-¦'-'
¦7:10- to .10:30 p. m.— Concert Junction Market, ¦
Keaxny and Geary, and Junction Market. . I'ow
e!l,end Eddy. .. '.•,,-.. : ----. : />•>/:•. 0; ... ;:'..-.:,;->;' -:?v:- ;,'.
8 to II p. m.— Concert Palace Hot*! court.
8 p. in.— Grand ball at Mechanics' Pavilion.
Grand electrical Illuminations Saturday, Sun
day. Monday and Tue«<lay evenings. V : • ¦ .'¦
; Hopkins Institute of Art open to vlfltors Sep. I
tenriber 10 and 11 from S a. : m.. to 5 p. m. In "I
addition to regular exhibition a : special ex
hibition of paintings with reference to early
days of California... will; be made. . . ;. -. • /
f /. State Mining Bureau open September 8, ; 10 1
| and .-1.1 from 10 a.' m. to 5 p. m. ¦¦. ¦ --:'¦¦¦ ."¦ J
State Board of JTorticulture open September]
rg, 10 and 11 from 10 a. m. : to S p. m. . ../¦ ... j
j The following contributions were; re-^ [
ceived yesterday: .¦ -/.-; ¦¦¦. ••• ••¦•; ¦ : ; '.-.•.•.>.... : ; '^-.v:7-:|
! American Steel and Wire Company. Callfor- i
I nla Powder Works, cash JF. G. D.).' $100 each: j
\\est C'oast Safety Faucet Company. Holt i
| Brothers Company, Henry J. Crocker. $"0 each' [
..C. C Moore & Co., Eureka Boiler Works* I
American Tool Works, 1^. B., : Degen Belting ]
\ Company, Tatum & Bowen. Pacific Metal
Works, F. G. Drum. Western Meat Company.
Germania Trust: Company. Swiss-American !
IJank,/ Henry ,B. Russ,. Center & Spear. $ZS I
each. ¦ ¦-.- ;: .-.v-VV '¦.'.:,'¦?¦¦* : .:" : - ¦¦¦¦"¦¦¦ ¦'¦'¦ ':/:'. '¦ ii'-'S "•'":¦ "v : J
Grand Marshal Costello has appointed 1
Judge Frank JI. Kerrigan chief aid to sue- j
ceed Charles H.Stanyan, who was force.l
to resign on : account of .a/ death : inv his |
family. Stanford Parlor had previously,
selected Kerrigan/ as a division : marshal.
The vacancy caused by Kerrigan's pro
motion has been filled by the appointment
of P. J. Weniger.- ¦.:.-' .::\V: ¦'-¦-.: :<: ¦
.The following announcements are made
NAMED THE MEN WHO
WILL JUDGE THE RACES
Progress of
Announcement of the Official
Programme.
Chairman Ma.rk announced that the re
mainder of the salaries due to teachers
for November, 1898. would not be paid.
Auditor Wells had informed him that the
$15,000 received from collateral inheritance
taxes recently must be applied to the
funds of 18M» and will not be available for
November,..lSP8.
A resolution, was adopted for presenta
tion to the Board of Kducation providing
that the City Treasurer be notified that
the Board of Education, in accordance
with an act of the Legislature, to create
an annuity. fund in the severaf counties,
has set aside the sum of $SS5 05. being the
money deducted from the salary warrants
of the public school teachers on account
of absence from duty during April and
May, 1900, and requesting the Treasurer
to transfer the sum of $8S5 05 from the
school fund to the aforesaid teachers' an
nuity and retirement fund.
Chairman Mark appointed I*. A. Jordan,
S. Sturges and Mis3 Laura Fowler a com
mittee of three to arrange for benefits
similar to the recent Mayday festival to
swell the funds of the association.
Retirement j Association -Adopts ,By
; Iia-ws and Constitution to G-oy- '¦-_ ¦
ern Its Acts. , _ -
The Public /School Teachers': Annuity
and Retirement Association of San Fran
cisco met yesterday afternoon- In the- as
sembly; room 'of the Board, of Education
arid adopted the by-laws and constitution
of the new organization. :. The important
section in the instrument Is that provid
ing for the establishment of/a permanent
fund of $50,060, to be made Up of all re-,
ceipts except the income of that fund,
which Is to-be paid to beneficiaries and
supplement the annuity paid by the State.
The fund will .be invested in interest
bearing bonds. A fund of $500 is also es
tablished to secure favorable legislation
in connection with payment of teachers'
annuities. \.: •'¦ ,
provision for ; annuities:
'7^.^K'i,SpUvatd'-j;ittfl^yr?fo^:^y^|c^
who. has the contract for removing'garb
age- from -the vschools./ complained -to the
board that : the, scaveng'ers -ref used to take
ftway the wastage, etc.,; from the James
Lick Grammar School for the reason that
the janitor, fills, the barrels of wast«-ige,
papers, etc., with water, and it affords
him amupement ..to--: see the ¦ scavengers
wet and, drenched...'.. He asked .that the
practice; l><5 stopped, .¦•¦¦...•:.• '¦'-'¦ • :•¦-..
The miclrterm: -vacation was discussed
at an ex wutlve session in the afternoon,
and it will, probably be flxed for th« first
¦week;lri:Octoberi-.---.':-. : :"- .•••.••..¦,.-..¦;¦¦ ¦...¦.¦ ..
Mrs. Kate iQ'Meara was .' appblnted jan
itor of the newVrbom rented for the Rich
mond School, at a salary of $3 per month.
Leaves of; absence .were granted- Miss
M. E. Cun-j-v Miss A; H. Lalande, :M; E.
Blanchard and Miss J; Blum. . ; ..:..,
:-,¦ The , ralary . of .any.Vtf dcher. ; of fnteign
languages in the .grammar schools {was
fixed at $80 a: nionth. . and ;.at $40 ;.a; month
for teachers ;WhbV are employed .only ¦ one
,e ession- ; each::'day. : -,..;;.;-;;'x:-.-.v-.. \\\l^'\ ¦;"¦<'¦;,'-:;¦¦;<¦'..'*:.•:¦¦
..'-•¦ I*.;! Taafe: -..principal of .'r! the': Ilumboldt
Evening*. School, • called Vthe; attention ! of.
th«v board -to the ereat/hardship that the
obHervance: of section : 130 of the . rules
wprksoon\ihe;"ni4jprlty"al!,.the:;;tea'ch'or^:'bf
•ihf'/^b6bl.:;vT^!By.-: : glve,- - yaItd;'-reason9 for
thft vr]a!m that it is lmpra<;tioable f(jr
them to . be;, present : earlier than 7 : o'clock,
and ¦;. desire ¦¦'¦¦¦ m: return ta : . the* old; order,
which set that time- as the. rule.v .: : :
•.V That / : trouble Is . ahead f or t he board as:
a, result of Up; platMnp : George Bates,
.tPacher/f.o.f--:-XiaiiTt.'. : p:ii'd>.Gxe^K:.;ln-.-'-.th'e.'-.'M!l^>
J3|onJ High; School, pit: ttte.uriasslgned :;lis't,
Is ¦•.. evident 'Vf'rpTn''-;;&-ic;pinmun|.cUtIpn\':-whlc.h.:
hag been fll^db^JTatesv/invwhioh he pro-'
;tests.':agalnst : 'hl8-TipnriQ.valV:*ts.:'wUti:6ut'iust:
paiisp and/requests that he be . restored
to, his: class. ; Bat es has takon ;t he., matter
''to•^\the.¦:'.cPurts,arK^¦,:iR\^hop.e£ul:;•ofV^b'eing;;¦;re¦
ln3tate^^'- :' : -P.riiicipal,.-'jQ'Cphh6f.^.set.- ; forth'
his reasons::in : a lbnpf communication- for
recommendine. .Bates' cremoval;: and/ih
cIdpntally.-payT5.Jils;compliments to Sup
erintendent .Webster" ::fpr taking Bates'
sid.e.^v.;A-> ; :->. K- : r- : ;" : y- : :; : 'y ¦'<¦¦'. •>'::-:>v.^.:V .¦..;,:,¦•;">
That the board intfends unmistakably to
Ignore thb-Gerriian residents In their
earnest : appeals Cor .the re-establishment
of physical culture in the schools and the
reappolntmeht of Professors Barth, Stahl
and Miehllhc vwhose supervision
that important branch of education had
reached a high etate of i>erf ectlon, -was
again < : A :bateh of/ resolutions
adopted; by :various% Gtermari^ organiza
tions^ 1ft which ¦ the.- boardV isv-petltlOned
to- restore physical : ; culture ; : to ;the.;cur
ricuium, were received.; but were ¦ placed
on file without any .comment. The socie
ties which petitioned the board /include
the Xorddeutscher. Verein* . Badischen
Vereln, Y Germania . ;L.odge ?. >o v 1<18.
Knights of Honor, MetamoraStamm £ p.
4 of Daughters of .Poeahontas.ljnited
Order of Red Men; San Francisco Starnm
No. 24G. United Order of. Red .Meny Her-,
mart Stamm Xo. 224.S United .Order :;or
Red> Men.. San Francisco s Turn A ereln,;
L,ux£>mburger -. Benevolent; - Soeiety, San
Francisco :¦ Hessen Vereln.. . Rothmanner
Xaederkranz, Court: Barbarosa -No. 79.
Foresters of Ariierlcav Terba . Biiena
Lager No. S,; United Order of R^d Men.
Singing Society JIarmonie, and Mission
Turn Schwestern Verein. : Tho board as^
serts its Intention to takft.;:np ) the mat
ter some" time, but 1 though it; has -.1>een
In abeyance for. two .months nothing has
been '. done • : in < response to : the appeal.
Chairman YMarkvhas^ been ; negotiating
with an .Eastern : physical ylnstructor, -as
it appears that he. has.. prhaU. faith: in -the
ability of home talent, : He showed, that
belief in. importing a supervisor .of man-;
ual training, with FWeral aFHistantSy and
a drawing teacher, from various Eastern
points. ¦¦•;. to ¦= the exclusion ¦¦¦; of. -local • peda- ¦
gOKues! proficient In. those lines. ":-•'. •:."--:V'V ! ! ;:¦
; •yiee • PrlnclparVKnowlton;; who; was ;.; il
legally :si^pen<]eil, ; ;by. Mnrk; was^ present
\to; :make.f.a.:defense : :^pn.:: leRal: /RTQundsi;.
against the summary action; but his case,.
.to6y..wa9 ppstponotl tintil ¦ nextv Ktdiicsr
:day morning, Jwheri. he ¦'.Vwill -show, the .in-.;
justice of : ;hls- susponsiotv;:.:/ ;.:\ ;;;. : .. "••;'-'.- :^ ;.-./
•:•; The ; board V:up.e!r-; its prerogativo. of -dis-iv
cipllnlhg tear hers by . pu«j>en<l|np: from
dutyifpr 'd .-peritrj of -one. ;mohth;.Miips (M.;
Carew and Miss J/ I>. /S.-xtohvof the,-pud
iey / Stone •Hchoblv:rtv>i^- :il l^ged^agairist.
themHthatth^y: extended .their/, vacation;,
•one: .:mpnth'.^v;byi-ohd^ ;'-or::.the- :; the.V\vdpe'jiihg; :
school -without .permlPFlhn. The : )hdif»i»
wpre'--ni«ml^r^'o.f:.-a' :^Party::that ;; .-wa»^.tJp.ur'-.-!
ing -(Mount. Whitney. 1 and 'were, unable to
get •¦•';! 'to^v.ciyitfzaiion'---; In V; time; for
school. bpf>rilng.: ; v; ''¦¦'*"/¦¦;.¦ '¦: ¦'::'[.'¦'¦','•¦ '¦¦'¦(¦'¦'-' -. ¦> ;.
"\. The Board ©^Education : met yesterday
¦morning; ;but had little or no Inclination
to transact public business. The recent
exposures by The Call of the frauds, and
questionable:" methods employed by the
board In legislating pertain teachers out
of ;thelr :j>psitions and : the appointment
of others who had the requisite political
pull, evidently took the heart out of the
directors, ;and an early; adjournment was
taken; .¦;¦'.:¦ '¦¦ : -' •¦¦.;':.-;-'V:' . a"; ¦¦¦' :; ' ; : ¦¦• '¦¦•''' ••. : -: ; ; ¦
rilegallySu^pendedjT^acters: Pre
pare to Make Defense—Princi
pal Bequests Amendment
of a Harsh Rule.
No Action by the School
B;ardon Plea for Physi-.
cal Culture.
PETITIONS OF
GERMAN CLUBS
ARE IGNORED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1900.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
iiilCARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature ofl| v^^^^^
"SFF lAADTrtfcl F0RHEAD^ CHE * "- <:fp
2LL l/AKItKOFgRD!22INESS. t ?™
6ENDINE SiVeK S!™nDunlL 6ENDINB
M PILLS. F0R C0MS T!PATI0». ;
B^SS " FOR SALLOW S K!H. WDlDDCI)
WKArrtK lg^?^ Iroa the complex "KArrfca
"^EaRIljji'iilcP O^ ;;, ; RSP paper.'
'MGEOiGNAlI"
Sjit!*,. Dr..' Bennett, . "Are Given -ito
i;ETcry Man anil Woman "Whose Vi-
: thillty nnil \ Energy In Slowly and
: -.Surt'ly Ebhlns Away"— Electrloity
. '.. •'.-. lheOiily.Knowii Core— "When Man
.-. : I^OHOii Hl» iMnnhood He Cn res .'Sot
; ;': for;Fnme,' "Wealth or Power— The
I.-'* Doctor A«lvl«e« Y011 . Agnlnut Imi-
.;; :J tatlons of Ills Electric Ilelt. : ' '¦¦
': Sexual- -vv-ealcncss and ' ; diseases fasten
themselves upon men like a vampire, sap-
ping away their vitality and life. In older
men .¦ it comes like /tfTTjpV^-**^ '¦''¦¦
the •> hot, poisonous :'. tf''/L.*Sr>^\ ¦'¦
breath frpm an Af ri- . 1 .1 ALC^t^A
can desert upon a;.. I rlKCjr^.-
young r and tender Q Yfifirhfr 7V l )\
: plant, withering and % I «^y \w V\w]
robbing it of its life.
strength, and vital- ; Tf^^^^^^Tk. > I
ltj% .: Nature warns ... f(W a jSs§§§ ! \3r A
you in time .if you \j Jfwr^iM^'/l
would, but r 'he*d-:)/v((ll}liW!ki\\[
Electricity. Is the one ~( /Mil 1 1 1 MIMA
cure— the only, cure— Y IMiHv 1
for these • vital -dls- . ¦
eases of men -and >. \MvVsl3w?XV(
women. It., is safe, l/j
puro, quick and per- -^^^fegP^Pv/
manfnt. Electricity
Dr. M Bennett's . wl|f ;
;. Electric Belt:,. -v- 11 iHlC
I unequivocally guarantee to cure in
every case. It cannot, will not fall.
Klectrlclty Is the Nerve and Vital Force
of every human being. When you are sick
there is a wasting of Electricity. My belt
is to supply thin lost Electricity. Dr. Ben-
nett's Blectrlc Belt has soft, silken, cha-
mois covered sponge water-chambor elec-
trodes, that do not, cannot, will not burn,
fry, blister and cremate the flesh of the
patient, as do the bare metal electrodes
used on all other makes of belts. These
electrodes are my patent and are used on
no other electric belt. (Letter patent No.
631,733.) My Belt can be renewed when
burned out for only 73c; no other belt can
be renewed for any price, and when
burned out Is worthless. Guaranteed one
year. My Electrical. Suspensory for the
permanent cure of the various private
weaknesses of men free to every male pa-
tient.
If yon have been hoaxed Into liny.
lnrs one of thene Imitntionn of my
Ilelt antl It liiirnn or Iillntern or
irlve* no onrrent nn«l doen yon .no
**-ooil, fend It to me a* half price of
one of mine. Hcwnre of the linre
metnl electrode lielts. Verdlerin
form* 011 tlie hare metnl nnil mn.v
••nnse l>loo«l pol«onlnR and pertinp*
ilcr.th.
Some concerns advertise electrodes cov- 1
ered with a thin veneering of chamois or!
felt, and claim this will do away with the :
burning. Do not be misled. Electricity will ,
not pass through this veneering, but ver- :
digrls will. {
My Belt will not cure alone Sexual V
Weakness, but I absolutely guarantee It
to cure Varicocele. Hydrocele, Rheuma- j
tlsm in every form. Partial Paralysis
Spinal "Weakness. Constipation, Kidney'
Liver and Bladder Troubles, Dyspepsia'
all Female Complaints, etc., as well as
every form and guise of Sexual Weakness
in either sex. -.: -. ¦,
Call or write to-day. Sacredly conflden-'
tial. Do not delay. Your case may reach
the incurable stage before you know it I
will send you free, postpaid, for the as"k-
ing. my books, literature and symptom
blanks. Sold only by
Dr. Bennett i'e e ,fc c o.
Corner Pout and Kearny Stm. En-
trance 47 Font St. Rooms
S and C.
Sash your own clothes?;
: ¦ \VelI. : that's your privilege; but when
you see. the excellent -work we do, and the
Jow prices we charge for family washiner,
the chances arc? that your next weekV
wash will comd to us. Needn't ¦ send—
we'll -caH; 'also deliver on the day : we
promise . it. Ask us, by word of mouth,
rnail or telephone, what we charge. •..¦•.
m Domestic : : . finish for full ' dress : shirts if
you ordt'r it. ... ¦?-"'':_
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1: j Office 1OO4- Market Street, ;;V
:":'••¦'•!'?.'' •--'.¦".'••¦ .:V : '. :•'•.:'¦¦ Near Powell.:.'- \ ; : /-'.; •:>¦; .;^ : -v' :
¦ !:¦;.. : .'-.-. ".;• "Telephone— South .4-2 O. ..'•'.'"
/Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
• .-.'¦••¦...•.¦'¦.'¦.-.; . : : ltalizer. the prescription of a
" ' , uua ' u ._. ' " f " TT '""' French physician, will
•¦•'¦-MBKDSrw *l u!ckl >*^ i-ciire you of:, all ne;r-
¦ V^SfS^fm ymis or dlstaseaof tho -'genera'-'
«JvJ^SS'S£*>>« tlve ooran.". sucfi as Lost Man-
tjj^jj s-y -;; *} hoo<i. Insomnia. Pains In the
HI? fSPB ; Back. ¦ Nervous. Debility. Plm~
¦ ffiro ' tiaL^Hl P^es, Exhausting Drains, Vart--
•:-:-MjyV:'-;^5wv!.'.-..'.'cnceIe.-'-'and v'onst!?at!oh. It
';.¦•¦• - -S*--^" -- . BtoDS nil . losses bv . day; or .
¦:•; <?':¦¦¦: .' ' ; \ ¦¦'-." InlRht. Cupldeno cleanses ; the
liver, the kidneys and. the urinary org-ans of all
Bmill -weak orrans... '¦ ¦ . ¦ : . • '! .•.•..-.;...•• .¦
¦ The reason sufferers are not cured ty Doctors
is because 90 per cent are troubled with Pros-
tratltls. Cupldene. the only known remedy, to-
'cure -- Tvlthobt an.. operation. SOCKV testimonials.
¦ *A" .written .fcuarsinte© . pt ven .and- '¦ money re-
turned/ If ff boxes :<lo not effect- a permanent
cure-. : : $1.00 a' boT, 6 b«se* for $3.00. b>- rnail.
Send for free circular and testimonials. -..-. ... •
: Address Davol Medicine Co.. 4i> Ellis »t.v San
Francisco," Cal.. Grant Drug Co.. '8 '&¦<-> Third st.
$ visit ORv JORDAN'S oREATi
is} ; gj •/¦¦ ion y abzbt st. ict eattTtt. trca. i
A ¦ .Cf . ¦¦.' '. The Lar^Mt Anatomical Museum in cbe V
A .-* jjf| I,, -- .V/orld. .Vitikncsot cr a-.y c. niract-ii A
Yi vS 2*5 diM<t p<-»lli»rl7c«reil,'i y ih-old:»t T
© #Kj>-3 ft b {>ccialUtcii ttw Coast. Est. 36 year*.
# UZ%Z& 08. «*ORfl/lJ»-PPiyftTE DISEASES #
1 tf Ce.i«ul:3:icn Orr and stri'-tly rrititr \
M H }S?» fi Tri ume;tt personally or by K'trr. A A
\ fl V If '**¦ "'• t ' Jra •" eTer 3 r £ * so uodirtaJcen. \
I'mVn- lin» wme ;« Book. 7aaoi«i>rnY«r A
w t il l| <i VAnnUGE, miLED 3»ui.(.\f
X. Q /I,, valuable book for ram) ¦...;•..¦...•. \
9 DU. JUKDAN & t'0. 1051 MarfeetSt.;S. F. f
IpalagehqtelI
It Is universally acknowledged that these
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and. service
and superior appointments nnd location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
; ©Derated under one management on the
.American and European plans. . V •:..... ; .
GRAND HOTEL
C» CmCHESTER'S ENGLISH
|p£?3.WRGY£l PILLS
liU^ fof ciiKmaxBi^'T^Wii
fr^yef^ia KEI> »n,l «old iaet»m 8 bo,*, „„-"
4^ »ithbln. ribbon. Take no other. Kcr.-o
1TJ "«"irer«n« >ub.tltutlon« and liulta-
. I / , f/T tl»n«. Bay of your Orauci>t. or mrni 4 r m
I W» a InTJiVii **" rtl /"'»". Tntrmonlals
Vv ff f "RelleT fur Ladles,"i7>lrr;<r, byre.
~\^—h „ l nn -Mall. 1 0.00O Teitimosiali. SolJb»
DR. CROSSmAiM'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cure o! Gonorrhoea, Gleets,
- . Strictures and analogous complaints
o? the Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For gale by druggists.
BAILBOAD TBAVE1.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry-
Commencing April 22. 1900.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. ——«.*
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. »8:30. 9:S0. ll:C0 ». „,.
12:45, 'IMS, 3:15, 4:15. *5:15. 6:1$. 6:40 p. m *
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and "Saa
Kafael. en Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdav.
and Sundays, at 9:C0 and 11:35 p. m urQa>#
SCNDAYS-7:C0. «S:00. 'a^. 'IOiOO ll-oo u-sa
a. m.; 12:45. 'l^O. 2:30, «3:43. 6:C0. 6:00. ]'£
"ll:00 a. m. dees not run to Saa Rafael Bun.
days. .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:3o. 'f.ZO. 7:50, 8M0 •w-is «
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30. 6:30 p' m
EXTRA TRIPS on MondayB. Wednesdav.
and Saturdays at '6:45 and 10:20 p. e ° ne «<lays
BUNDATS-€:15. »8:C0. '3:50. •lliCOa. ni • •ii-fn
m.; 1:00. 2:13. •S:30. 4:30. -5:43. 6:«77™30 H'-lj
p. m. * *"
Trains marked (•) start from San Qnentln
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAX FIUVCIS.V1
WEEK DAYS-S:53. 6:45. 8:00 8-55 ™*m*t I
in.: 11:33. 1:43, 1:45. 3:30. 4:ro. 5-20 £' m. *"
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 "!? ne8 «»y»
SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10^. nt- «.«
1:20. 1:30, 3:45. 4:15. 6:15. 7:03. io 30 rT^rk. !
THROUGH TRAINS:
7:00 a. m. week days— Caza ler and war it*- '
tions. ** ;
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta.
tlons. * "'"^ i
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excestedV»
Point Reyes and way stations «cepxea>—
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. mtMm
t 12:43 p. a. Sunfiayg— Point Rtj— an* way
stations. "."-y -' *
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
WFFK'n/v^J* 0 v!a Saus a»to Ferry:
SLNDA-iS...S. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
vr^rT»v?, ncl^° to Sun >mit and return. $1 40.
XKliS 0F TAMALPAIS NOW OPKN.
TICKET OFFICES 621 MARKET ST.
SAUSALITO FERRY.
4T
4KAiri>^ ST - Kstaollsbed
Ml» *-4j3l l "'* I^ rthotr><ltn iPnt or Private
tJM-ffcJaCT niRejises, Lo8tMarih«M.<t Debility or
**&&2fSW$rl f ?' < 'faa« rearing on bodyandromaar.d
Vaajl^ga skin Dlgeasesi'rhe doctorcures wh-u
!^BHSi!! tllert ' & "' rry him. Charge* iow
Jirr tH/.';'. 1 "" « nBran "<- «• Callorwrlt<\
mouth kicx rAiiric conriST.
¦¦'.:-.• : (PACiriC STHTCM.)
Train* !•>%*« »•¦<! nr« <!¦•<• Io Mrrl*« at
MM rHANflWO,
(Main Liie, Foot of Market Street)
is*tx — From Auocst 13, 1900. — arrui
•7:OOa Brnici», SiiUud, Eliuira. Tacavillev
Ruizis«r iul .Sitcrituieiito •7:15*
*I«OOa Shasta Eipr«M— Davla. WiU!»mj (fo»
Bartlutt SprlDga). Willows, Had
Bluff. rortUuO. <?:43»
•Tiao a Martinei. 8au lUmno, Vallejn. Jf »p»,
«'»liiti'g»»ml S*n:» Rns» *Oi|.1p
•8:09a DatU. Wnodlaad. KuIghU Landtag.
M»rjsf i!ie. U»o»IIJ« *7:13p
| •%:»(»» Atlantic Kxpress— <)gi!en anj East *1S:(-Ir
•»:»«4 yUft, Tricy, Lathrop, Stccktoo Vf: 15^
•¦>:i»A Han .)<>¦«, LiTcrinote. .Stockton,
lone. Sacraincuto, ri'^crriille.
M»ry»?il>. I'Mcn, I!««J ItliilT *I:I5».
•8<3Ua Oakda.r, Chines* (for Ycaemite),
Kuuora, Carters M:13p
•0:OOa naywanls. Miles and Way Stations. *l I:13a>
•»:OWALoa Angeles Express— Mart ini-i
Tracy, Lathrop. rirocktoo, Mrrceu
Freano and Los Angeles •7;15p
•9t3OA V»ll-;-,. Martinwi ami Waf Stations *»:*.1r
•IO:UOa The Orerlaml Limited— Ocdeo. I>en-
. ?er, Omaha. Cbicagn *3iI9r
•lllUOA JS"!:"», Stockton, Macramrnto, M— a-
.. tloU. Frnoo. llanfurJ. Vlsalla,
. . VorterTllia j *l:l3f
•II:0o* LlT«rmore. 8aog«r. Gonhea Juno-
•*¦-: tion. BaksrafieliLIxM Angeles
•I 2:AI»m Hajwanlfl, Kilee and \Tsjr .-fta'.ioiu. 'J:l1f
tl:Ol»P .S:ut»:ii»-i.'.. l.'irrr S-fiiin-rn tJ.lliU
•3:OOr Haywarli, Kiln and Waj SUtlons. •3:43r
•4:U»r Martiuex. San Uainoii. Vallejo,
.. Napi%. C'allxtng*. K»nta Kosa ¦Vila*
•l;O«r Uenioia. Winters, Hacrara«nto,
: ¦..: Wu...llaii<l. KnUbts Landiiic
Marys»UI», Orofllle a l«:4S«
•4:S»p Nlles, Man. (on* ami Stockton *?>l3r
•3:Ot»pTli.« Owl Limited— '1'racr. Krcnuo.
lUkersQeia. bauguator rtant* li»r-
bara. Los Aacelea...' *lO:f4«
•SiOOp Stockton < •IJjWa
*3i0orKew Orlpaat Express— lUkersilrliL
. - : • ¦ . Hanta liarbaia, Los Ang'les. l>euj-
¦ - '.:>'-' . Iijk, Kl Paso. Horn Orleans aud
K«t..... *"7fS!l»
••lOOp Uaywards, Mies and Sau Josa •7:|-»»
t«:OOr Vallojo... •I2il3r
•UiOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Cbejenno.
.. Omaha, Chicago. •!»:«?
•O:«Or Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denver.
-.•.•¦-"=." •.-:.:¦ Omatan. ChJeaco. .:: M:IJp
•7jOOf NUes, Tracj. Lathiop, 8toolrton »ia:iap
JijOOr Valiejo, Port Costa and W»» 8U- :
/¦'; .¦••:'.'¦"¦ : Uona....,........; l»:53»
••i«3r Oregon and: OkUtfornU ISxpraas.Hao- '..."'
.'V.-:.' .-¦•¦¦¦' WMieiito.- M»r>«rtil». lte.l.ltm.
:¦-¦:¦¦¦' Vortl.»t..|. F..«.t W.WHCI. »i»l Km> «¦»!*»
DIVISION CUrnur Vttw).
¦'-.- "":¦; ": .'¦¦' (Foot ofUarket Street.) '.-.- :
{7i43a Santa Cnia Excursloiv for Sar.s*
..- "'-.: . Craz and rrindpal Waj Stations :»:•»»
•Sil.-iA Sf»uk. c..i, t-r.ii>, .-iati.iosn, )¦.•!'(¦¦¦. .. ..
¦.'.V"-." ; .-:¦¦ :: HoulUer Cr-ek,. Santa, Crux »ud\Vaj .
•¦'•>.•'. Btatlons.;......... •«.2C?
t2i l.ip Newark CentetTlllt., Hail Jose. New
: . Almatleu, Kb!»oii, lloui.W Ur«0^ /
¦-•.,¦ Bant» t'rux an-l Vrinolpal Wa» ¦ ¦¦ '
¦ ¦ Mtatio-ia -;.-ii.L.i. •»•>:.¦»•»
MsIMp Newark. H«n J(w«., LflsCatos. ...... t*'-"**!
allISp Glenwood. Felt«)n. S*nt» Cruz...... <?*:3»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtiaSlS rtUSClSCO— root «' Mtrkit Stfut (SUs R)—
•7:15 9.00 ll:0a».M. \\.Z2 •fcOCI 11.Z3
¦ >i:C3'..: :; -.:- 1S::3..;.*8:C0r.ii. .- -.' ¦ • ¦: ¦'
rrraOlIUID— Ut\*1lt»niwt}.— '(1:00 8:C0 10.00*. n,
.¦V-'-tK:03-'.-.-.-'*l:33- ] ".l2:ga- ¦ «3:C3. t«:C3 ?5:33p.m.
¦ COAST IHTISIU^ (Uroait lian K «).
:. ¦ ¦¦": (Thlr<i :uni To.vnuen.l St».)
t«i:IU.\ Ocean View, Uoutb SS WtSSSSSZ MbM«
t?:U»A.San June ami Waj SUtU.ns (Nair
> Alina.Uu WednesJajsoiily) •l«30»
JT:UO» Sunday Excorsioo f»r Saa Jc»».
-•-.-¦ -. 8«nta Cmz. Pacific Gtotb and
Principal! Way Stations XS:3."Jr
•*iO*a Han Joitt. Tipa I'lnos. Mnnta 4'rnz.
••.. . .'" 1'm-iiic Hrnvt. l'aao Kolilrs. Sail
- ';.' .-,..l.nls Ol>i«i><>. Surf, I.ooijoc ami
l'rli.flir»l ffir HUtliim •».ln P
•l»il«» Riti Jose ami Way Stations 'i, ; :i5>
•||S3»A .t«,i.l..«,,LMC;\l«»u..iV,-..^uii,n,. 'j:3Of
\*: I5p San Matro. Uedndol. Meulo Park.
... ' Palo Alto, hant* Clara. 1 San .lose. . .
. . .: • Tre» Plnos. Hant% Crux, SalinM,
- ' •¦¦¦¦¦ . ¦'.' Mouterey and I'aclflc nigit |IO:3n%
fltinnp 8an Joseamt Way Stations *?:.1itp
t4:ISpSan Josean<> Principal Way Stations *»:43i
. t*>s«OpSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
- WaySutiom fD:O»»
•3t»0p 8»nJoieaii.l Principal Way Station* ?"•:«•"*»
•<l>:illp San Jose and Way .Stations tH : »o %
»lli4.->r San Jose an. I Way Stations *?s3l»p
A for Morning. I* to3 A f ternnun.
•Daily. t Sunday escepted. t Sunday only.
b .Saturday only. -
• Saturday and SuacU* « Monday only.
CALIFORNIA NaSTHWEST£2N RY. CO.
SAH FRAKCISGO AHO NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
.-'¦ .-'•Ttoaron Ferry, Foot of St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:J0, »:00. Jl:0O a. m.; UJ5.
S:30. 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thur»3«ys— Extra trip -
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays — Kxira tri"a at 1-54
and ll:S0. o. m. ""?
BUN DATS- 8.00. »:S0. 11^10 a. m-r 1:39. S3SL
6:00, B:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. »:20, 11:10 a. m. : iSfi^
1:43. 5:15 p. ni. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:1'. and «:15 v. m.
- SUNDAYS— s:10. -»:40. 11.10 a. m.: 1:40 J-40L
5:C5. i:25 i>. ra. •
Between Han Francfsco and Sclwetzen Park
¦am« schedule as above.
Leave J In Effect. 1 Arrive
Fan Francisco. [Apr. 13. 1900.) San Franc!9CQw
Week I Sun- I I. Sun- 1 Weelc
Days. [ gay». [ Dwtlnatlon.] day». | Days.
T:XO ami 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am ! S:<0 an»
*:30 p-n 9:30 arn Petaluma. 8:05 pm:i0t25 an»
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm Santa Hosa. 7:35 pm i:Jlpo
Fulton.
.T^Oam . "¦¦. Windsor. 10:23 an*
¦' '. Healdsburgr.
Lytton.
*-•-¦ : Oeyservllle.
1:30 pm 8:C0 am CloTerdale. T:S pra 8:20 pra
T:30 ami J Hopland I '10:23 ara
t:S) pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:J3 pra' 6:2!) pia
7:39 am , !10:25am
S:00 am Gnemerille. 7:35 pin!
8:30 pm i ) 1.2B pra
7:30 etn 8:00 am Sonoir.a ')¦'¦'¦ arr. S4J arj
and I
8:13 pm 5:00 pra Glen Ellen. 8:C5 pm' t:V) prn
7:30 ami 8:00 ami '13:40 am;iO:2T» ara
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm| PebastcpoL I 7:35 pmi 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rn<>a for Mark \7«it
Bpiin?rs and White Sulphur fprtuffs; at Fulton
for Altmria: at Lsttoa for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyservllle for SkaKE* Pprtr.as: at Clover<1a:»
for the neyscra: at Hor>lnn<i for Duncan
Spring Highland Fprtnps. Kolseyville. CarU-
bad Sprlnfr». Ftxia Bay, LakTnrt and Bartlptt
Pprlntr^; at Uklah for VIchjr Pprlngrs, Saratoga
Pprlnes. Blue Lakes. Laurel D?ll Lake, Witter
Splines. Vpper Lake. Famo, Potter Vall^r.
John Day's. Riverside. LW!»y's. Btxcknell'a,
FanhedrJn Helgrhts. Hullville. Orr-a Hot '
Springs. Mendrx-lr.o City. Fort Eragjr. West-
pr>n. Usal. ¦Willlts, Lavtonvllle, Cummlw,
UpU> gprin^s. Harrii. Olsen'a. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced ratts.
On Sunday round trip ticket* to all potnta'
beyond San Rafr-el nt half rates.
Ticket office*. CO Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
Ji. C. "WHITING. R. X. RTAN
• General Manager. C»n. Pa»a. Arent.
SANTA F*E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKKT-STREET FERRY.
ljeava; Overland: Dally for Chlca. i a.-,.i_ *
go Kansas City/ Denvtr rt " :
and all Eastern point^
E» Paso. City o! M«-
*"• t V =^ Ia >re^L3 '--
Stockton. Antloch. Stand!
e'r? tr^, T c^- H
Stockton Local" For kT^I ~*
och and_Stocfct^n. ' |
.P.H, fctS^kTcr-Me^]- &il
Fresno Hanford. Vi£ " V "*
¦ , = i'f/. T " Iar * and Caken-
-•-..*' InHi,t" epfr8 to Fresno 1 ¦> rt
and Bakersfleia. -< I
I TICKET OFFICES7 «s Market "sT ="4
Ferr, Market^.. S^Fra^coT^
111S Broadway, Oaklaai -,lNewly wed— Does your wife ever threaten
to go home to her mother?
• Oldboy— Why, my boy, I wouldn't con
sider that a threat.— The Smart Set,
Long;. Trips With Deposit Slips.
Queen Christina of Spain is In the habit
of sendlnga confidential messenger all the
way from Madrid' to. London for the pur
pose of depositing her wealth, which she
keeps in. the Bank .of England. Although
Queen. Christina is entitled to draw from
the Spanish treasury $200,000 a year, she
has not, owing to the straitened circum
stances iof Spain, drawn a. cent of this
money. ¦ . • — . — 1_
Admission Day Visitors.
"We secure your. rooms In advance, so
avoid delay. Send jl'to Admission day In
formation Bureau. .850 Market St., S. F.*
London waiters and waitresses have or
ganized .themselves into a- sort of union
and now demand 25 cents an hour for reg
ular work, 35 cents an hour for all over
eight hours and 50 cents an hour between
1 and 6 o'clock In the mornrtig. and no
waiter to work over ten hours a day. An
ultimatum protests against "the degrad
ing and demoralising system of tips, upon
which the waiters have to depend. It is a
system of cadging which destroys our
manhood, is an unfair tax upon the public
and, places the poor man at a disad
vantage in public places."
. Benjamin Fay Mills will deliver n. lec
ture at Metropolitan Temple to-morrow
night on "The Morals, of -San Francisco."
The lecture will be under the auspices of
the Ethical Institute of San Francisco.
Ethical .Institute Lecture.
The San Francisco office of Wells-Far
go Express Company ' will be -closed on
Labor day, September 3. at 12 o'clock, in
pursuance of orders l r o that effect issue«!
by John J. Valentine, president of the
company.' : • ' .
Closed Labor Day.
A slight earthquake shock was felt In
this city- at" 7:25 o'clock last night. The
vibrations- were from east to west. No
damage has been reported. Santa Cruz
and Halfmoon Bay were treated to a sim
ilar shakeup.
Slight Earthquake Shock.
i'.rma! dismissal cf. the actions of
Thomas I. lit nfin "apainpt Florence
I'.!\ thf-Uinrkk-y-Monro for $.V).000 counsel
ff?s ahd^Florcnce Biythe-Hinck!ey-M/iore
Dealest W. H. \i. Hart ft al. for partition
or ihf Bljrtbe 10ork was njad«? in open
conrt yc«t«t<i»y. "The actions wcru com
rromi^ed pome tim<^ aso. the terms hav-
Jnc b^n her#- < ..ifor^ published. .
Blytbe Suits Dismissed.
'" . f of Pcllc* Sullivan yesterday trans
f'rri-n Sr-rtrennt Clarence l>ogan of the
Komhern station to the Park station.
« '•"»;.• -T! :- one of th<» most ciTlrifnt men in
i '¦•¦*-¦¦ <1( j:.Trtm<'nt < He wap appointed- a
wrg^ant of polios on account of his
rr.f-ritorlous B^rrloe pome time ago and a?-
ElirnmS to '"attain Ppillane's division. : By
f'ri.-i to huvin^ss he'sonn -won
it." confidence of hie 2np<*rlors and when
the racanry occiirrod at the Park station
' hlef Suitvan decided that Coogan was
!••'• mr-n for th«» j)lace. Coogan v/as warin
v < onj?rati;)ni'-d hy hi? f^ilovv EerReants.
lie ••Mil enter on his r*>w duties to-day.
Coogan Goes to the Park.
In 1S97 the people of Nebraska paid off
$19,000,000 of mortgages: In IMS. SW.ooo.noo;
In 1K»9. $78,000.d>O-$145,oort.00O In three, vears.
From War to Peace.
Two large cannon from the Civil War are to
be melted and cast Into a status rerresentlr*
peace, to be placed In the Capitol. What *
contrast between the two conditions— «s er?at
in a way as the chan««» Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters will brins about !n the health of any
on« who uses it. The Bitters strengthens th»
digestive organs and corrects all disorders such
as constipation, dyspepsia, torpid liver or weak
kidneys. Try It.
hy tho maraRem^nt : :• ' • .,..:¦:• -.v
"A varied vaudeville r^rformance will
hf> plvon and In addition thereto the First
Hesiment band has agreed to pivo a oon
« <^rt. and patriotic fireworks will be dis
3 >\o<i. <'harl«>!s S. .Honcdirt of the Hast
:¦ c CJothir^ I'nmpanv will lw» the trea.s
»:rer cf the fund. Tickets will be issued
Monday and will be placed on sale
"iiKughout the city."
Generous O^r-r Hadeubyv Charles S/
Ackerman,.. :'Tr'esident-^..of - '"¦ .the-; : : ;
Chutes Company;:,'; fpr..\ : an '.-: :-- ¦}.
Evening's Entertainment;. ¦ -¦¦' p: I
In addition tor..th<B;*;tBiBy.;o.tbers who
1 arc offered their m/in/Jyi^d-iimWJS ran
• Jlort to assist thf "crirf-stri^k/pn widow
«-.-- the lla r.t- colonel c»;c'aliffirnia'srfiKht
! 'iz Jirst. Charles S. .Aj-kprfnan has: kindly
« Tiered ih^ use of the Ci.utes for the.eyerf
: c of .Srptf-mbrr Ifi. 'i'l;*-. proceeds of the
evfeing will he turned over to the' fund
m fry forth in the Jnriounrement : made
TO AID COLONEL DUBOCE'S
GRIEF-STRlCKEfJ WIDOW
It is a curious lecend. and one would
like to know whether the folklore has
anything to say to it, whether there is
any. explanation of the reason why the
souls prefer embarking in Holland and
iri Brittany; how It is they cannot navi
gate their own ships: how it Is that in
visible and impalpable' shades still pre
serve their weight? 'And. one would much
like to talk with some of the.«e .fishermen
who have -heard that voice . beyond .that
summons, and to. ascertain the namesof
the Illustrious dead who have- arrived.—
Chicago News. . * • . ; .
After an hour's work they arrive at the
shores of England. In their own boats,
observe, the voyage takts a day and a
half. On arriving they perceive by the
lightening of the boats that their passeng
ers are stepping ashore. Moreover, they
hear a voice which announces their ar
rival to the- souls Invisible which receive
them. The voice proclaims their rank
andtheir offlces: "Caractacus, late Kins
of the Sllures; Onsslvellaumis. King of the
Trinobantes; Helena, wife of Constantino
the Great." and so on, just like a foot
man at the door. When all have landed
the fishermen return us they came, also
In an hour.
: ''¦¦'¦ When ¦ the.Vtlrne,; crirnes, they, .assemble;
oii. the' shpreVand seiid'word td.the fisher
men in. the dead of Light, to arise '.and
ferry them over. The : iishermen have; to
take turns for the: woik.' AVhen a man's
torn comes . around - he- heard outside the
door. In the. middle of the nikht,-an indi«
tinct.voice calling him out. lie obeys be
cause he. must. He cannot, choose but
rise and follow that voice, which orders
him to repair to the seashore. There his
finds boats In readiness, not. .his -own
boais, but strange boats. They are with
out crews; the men who have been sum
moned get in and take the oars; then,
without their seeing anybody, they feel by
the sinking- of the boats that they are
filled with passengers. When the gun
wale Is down to an Inch from the surface
of the water the men push off and begin
to row.
Out of the Country.
¦Do '¦.you'-'k'n-p'-w- : ;t'h'f ; ¦¦¦legend <>f -the .hpme- :
•*lc l Jt 1 '-"-B.r.itI'Kh:";:.gouis"?-.. : ; ; The'; story: ; :and- -th*
VKlirf in: it. are: ; ceftalJily/.nipfe.: than'
:years-pldv:hiit f itvis stated v:by.: a-:-serious
and rfspcii«ilMf> Ins'o.-iau: that :tl>>. fisher
rneh'of tlie : IHitt-h arid Jir.i ton V-oasts tell
the; stofy:and..hf:li o v : e in it, .tp.:th'epregent
day^lt Seems, that: lhe : pniil>! Jpf Brll<:>n'»
that die In 'foreign lands .caniibt rf'st . In
¦peace; 'they •' must'^return'.to.::.tbte!r-.-..OWn
c-ouri t ry. 1'n t :.f or; t he.: "si 1 v-er pi rca k of
¦wat-er'th.e.re.'ls'.'no;reason\why.'^hey' ':.B.h'otird- ;
no t wal k ; o rTfllt, of. fly; ' i n ghostly fashion ;
and so. get home; ; As .it. is, they^ have ..to
be.- carried '..across In vLoat8, : -.':•-: -.'.; y- ';-.•; .-¦:
Even; Grhosily Sdruis^Gahnqt BeAHiippy
THEIR LOVEFORJOLD ENGLAND
His unbrushed boots sound sullen as he
ascends the stairs. She follows meeklr
after. He dashes Into the room and
around the house, and slnsrs out: "Isn't
dinner ready yet?" She bids him to be
patient for a moment. But he won't.
Because dinner Isn't ready within one
minute after he pets home. Because this*
Is the one year after maniaer*. Because
the bloom Is off the rye. the down rubbed
off the peach, and various other consid
erations. Because It's the way of the
world, of man. of matrimony. O Tem
pora! O Mores! O Matrimony! — London
Tit-Bits.
This Is a year before marriage. He Is
making h«*r a call. He 13 at the front door
ringing for her. He has been thlnklnp all
day of her. These are his boots newly
blacked, collar spotless, his form ditto
outside, his gloves drawn on for the first
time, his hair newly parted and oiled, his
face newly shaven; his heart palpitates
for her; his nerves are nervous for her;
he fears she may be out, or that her
parents may object, or. worse than that,
wme other fellow may be there with ,her
Then the door opens. She 13 there ' and
alone. He Is happy.
This is a year after marriage. He la
ringing at the door. His face Ig un
shaven, his collar much worn, his boots
unblacked, his hair unbrushed. He rlnss
asrain In exactly ten seconds. He elves
the bell a short, petulant pull. He Is
thinking of her. He Is grumbling that she
doesn't answer It sooner. He has not all
day been thinking of her. He has pone
further, maybe, and fared worse. Now
she opens It. He pushes past her and re
marks: "Takes you forever to answer
that be!?." - . >
When They Are Married.
"Tannhauser "
That It is "an ill -wind that hlow3 no.
grioiV is onre mam proven : hy the Irulls
(.rVsitimV Vif : Sipnor : A vedano.:-:tho:/iam6u3
it^liriiV; tenor: of :the. JTivoliVQpera^hpUse,
• for ¦' t.he ii.n fortunate .oc.currencev.alsb: rer
Sultsvin/ mu?ic; : ;ioyerEi'^hay:ing;;-.aiy ;bppprr:.;
ttunty of hearing Barron: Berthald,: the
:i(l^al^Waffn*'rlau :ten<irV;|itihfs :Kreatrole
of - "Tftmihauser," which : ho. will sing .at
the matinee to-day and also at the per
formnnce to-morrow : . night...; ¦.-. ;¦...•: •. v. i
> -iiast ; Saturday Whort : : the: physicians in
¦att^ndan^o '. on SiErripr.: A vedano : .decided
ttiat v lie} rnust '•;. have:; a ;? e\r; days^vrest;- the
TiyplV :niannReiiient : /:Jit: 'onceV 'kept ¦ . the
:wires Aiisy': wiffi;'inessageS: to ; NowlTork,
and: instf uctions .were, spiit .to., the-.. Eastern
iieents: Of the theal ei: : to:.lind. Barron-Ber--
Hhaid ::and have •him in this, city In. time
;to-.^ing in: ".Tarinhaiiser v '- : - on-;. Thursday-.
:iaf(t: The mes^a^e' Teache/d.' NeWsfYork:
Sattifflay.' afternoon;: but- :Berthald was
; t'ri*b*lriB-'.''the;;hre«-zes:-of.; v XtlSr«tlQ-"pitjr. ¦ '
•?.VFl'rftUng - hc : wsis ' ;.u|'o:- : .l:it.e. :to. reach New
' Vor k ; in : tiihe ta catch the overland ¦: train
which left on Sunday" :nip.rnlng,.- a special
train - chartered.-.and -in the early
hours 61 -the Sabbath" ;the singer reached
CSotharn. ¦ '. AVit ii but .three hours to pack
his ; trunks, '. Ber.thitld caught the "; overland
and- speeded; tp?thfe;Pa^ilic t^oas^^ ¦.••"."•;
y-.-'-Ail along- the iliiQ the. Tlvoll had tele
grams ". waiting: : if or- the: singer, with posi
tive injunctions : to be In San Francisco
to ship on: Thursday last; The overland
was on time until ©Bderi. was reached, and
there the railroad Officials. Upset the plans
of the Tiypll by holding the section of the
overlarid on which Berthald was until the
second section with the: mailbags arrived.
Three hours -of valuable time were thus
lost and Berthald arrived In this city last
Thursday night after 9 o'clock, too late
for- tlie" performance,, although he was
willing to go on. and sing in the last act
of "Tannhauser." £ -
The cast of the Wagner opera at the
matinee to-day and to-morrow night will
ho a remarkable one. for Berthald will
Fine his great role of the Minstrel Knight:
Salassa. the princely barytone, will once
aeatn be heard as Wolfram and Schuster
will be the. L.anclgraye. Frances Graham
will sing Venus . and Effle Stewart will
render Elizabeth. .•
• • The best of the grand operas will follow
at the Tivoll in rapid order. Next week
"Ernani" and "Carmen" will be given,
and the following week the offering will
be "Cavalleria Rustlcana" and "I Pag
llaccl " With the acquisition of Barron
Berthald and with the near reappearance
of Avedano the Tivoll grand opera com
panv stands as the best "all-round" com
bination that has ever been heard m
grand opera In this city. Next season
Barron Berthald joins the Grau grand
I opera company, which Is a worthy tribute
j to his artistic abilities.
Barron Berthald, the Wagneria.n
: . v Tenor, to Be Heard^iii: Bole pf:; : ; .•;:.'
FAMOUS SINGER TO
REAPPEAR AT TIVOLI
- • :'• H-!tn.t<n^iththi<»:f^w cents thHt
he : U:-. «i w. rt . ,v> .-a ; -diiig ;.stfsre ..ahd.purT
« '1 a I'hiai.nf 'lsu' : '.jp.i;irii '.jlf then vj.s- :
jtf-i ;V.i; -.-;i !•»- -.ji-" 7;:h<>r:---j^ was found an<J
•-•..;.¦. .\s <-d 'l ht •< :^ri' f»nt > ; <jf .the phial. i!e
V.iU Y<<-::\-r: ¦ ..'"• ¦ '"¦''. : -.'-'..--' ; -.'- :'\':'-.:\- ¦ : ----i z ; ,' .
'.-;;'. . ¦-. ;•;:¦¦ r'T. !?>> .} :^5terdaj' after
pttt i]:'~x:;?v.iyX\:a.. f :i!nin: ai:?l Third stroet
' btI* -...-•.• :i u,.,i h . «;ua:nrty- xyf laudanum.
;¦''•:'¦ -v..- -¦¦:.¦.--¦• ;. ' . -!.asi,-i r..:by:. one. of: the
: ¦"¦¦.'¦ ',•':.'. ¦;¦. ¦¦.¦¦:;¦'¦¦¦! =p>. ¦ tn.g'.-v.that :h<i .had
¦••'-¦•: v. ' . '•:<:.' <\ tho^S'Fnprietor.:: A
"r°! ' ¦..¦"•¦'.•'-- -'\\> v. >.->;Vt for;: and as.Hol
¦ r'.aK- -.f :<-.iiiapfi«» he was
> ;.• Uereivmig Hospital. As
: ¦:I^!';i' ; /*^:SurE*onV liririlly
: :f.V.r;!.iff>V- •. ;_S :t':\ /'•;• : ;-'^:'-':-:.-'-w--'\:-;^j-^
;vf s in Pa;ri .IvUisObiFpoV.where
!. --¦ .. w iiV.'- T : hrrf was^ aylettcr foiinJL
'kr-t / /frrim : Jjor ; in .Ti-hich she
.-.7 h;;?:i;. <i kivn-for one: .Which he had
fcr r. anvi hi.rn ' : '- not/.to in^c
o u r.-i c <¦ . a f :•:¦ * 'I <ri t er; Hi m es ; : -were com! 6 g. "
'¦¦••¦• r'.-udJUK.Mh-p-r'.nx-nnracinB-: words- <»*
?°|rc: T*r.'<b!e X* .Procure Work, Mike
I'r .-T:n.'-.'a Lafcorer^ Attempts;
.;;.;..;.;,- o Commit Suicide. -
"'" A^ : i r - •>. anting ;f <t I he .n.eces? a r i* s o f
* ..o : A '.}¦'¦' ? .'iina ;¦>>•: "•: to •' help., her • Wtke
COULD NOT; BEAR TO SEE
HiS WIFE IN POVERTY
For really colossal smokers you must go
to Belgium and Holland. The population
of Belgium Ih a little larger than the pop
ulation of London, being .about 6.250,000.
One would think from the returns that the
Belgian infants were reared on tobacco.
If we consider every soul In Belgium as n
smoker, we get the astounding average
of &7 ounces per: soul each year. When,
however, we reduce the population to the
probable census of males of an age to
smoke, we get an average amount of 22^
pounds a year per man, or a weekly con
sumption of V\ ounces.
Holland, with its 5.075.000 inhabitants,
comes second in the smoking world. There
is, however, some excuse for the Dutch
prnoUing so much, for their tobacco Is
very mild and. of a pleasant flavor. Nev
ertheless, a yearly average of seventy
ounces per man must be considered ab
normal, and the English anti-tobacconist
has »»very reason to re.ioicp that he does
r.ot live under Queen W'ilhclminn.
What do all these people smoke? Well,
putting it roughly, tho consumption of to
bacco in France Is chiefly In the shape of
cigarettes and cigars. In Russia the ci
garette is also, unfortunately, too popu
lar. No one in Holland or Belgium would
thank, you for the paper-covered car
tridges which the British soldier desig
nates as "two puffs and a spit." The pipe
predominates in Germany, Holland and
Belgium. Austria and England are im
partial. The cigarette appeals .to some,
the cigar to the wealthy and the pipe
maintains its popularity. During the past
six- years tho : consumption of cigarettes
has almost doubled, and this. is not good
for the nation at large, though it may be
for. the revenue and the- tobacconists. —
•London Express. . ' ' -. "•• ¦ .
To our ».iMe in-- tukirro of the cnntl
:neht :Js;vile,;,'O,ur ; >N ntp^thifA: are ;ent.ire.ly
: wj-t|}' : tht- Kiissiaiys^/AviioV.cMiiisutiie.less^ofo
tljisV villa iui'iis: p«Vi>.;i nil inn. tlla:!! -t lie;:p<ep.-:
pl»>.' ..Of «iiV 'oltiruvKur.iiK'atC -iiftrVHi. ¦:-,':• •'•¦V ..-¦• ¦•¦
: /The: : 1 >< < 1 p.l 0 ; V > C '. It Vi s.si a : riuiivlv. r, :rniu;hly,
]^0,UiM:/H>l\::pii;iui.ls ; : .ri f : v- t : ll0 :; vfrJltrrfilU^.iQ:- ;
: i;i.v.viini..~|-.\vc,:il .jii'T ; -;iHniii»«;-'v. J li:i.-h- aniotirit.*-'-.
tuNiwi'-iityvolKlH -¦^>i:in-citfv:',-;i!>i:.V.i.-ii.ili.y.iilji'jil.. ¦:••!'¦¦'¦;
)in\veVoi-;hrts ;il ways:; had:? the :
n'pinHfiniutif/lieing: tlioiiPinV-foC-smakcrs,-.
'an<V.': ; y : e.C : vit: .rom-vs*'.-. third :in ,ilic.-li:st,;::;p;f :
...sm-akiiiff. ; c'ountries,:>v 'l:hj ViiriiiinatiiVn.-: of
-t lio Gf rnian om piro ;i t i Jto ). ( t .- st census
Avasireturnod viit r.2;^0.<»ci; ; and :, in .the
:'yeaf:they eoiisrim^^
: .fl^
per inhabitant. - • "'' ''..,¦
: "AiisJria boasts of "ol .OOO.non pebp;i(; as-lt^
pop;.ulatl<'ri. atiil :li>twf<>ii ih'Tii they-iriajiT
ftgeVtp'-getithrouKh a: liule uvor. JOS^)qo;o6.O :
'pounds:- of . tobatcio ;a. : year.: ; Kacli/:AUa^
:triart;' ther<?ifore'v> w.6uld.-;be '.able .to: .lvavA
\t\vy pounds ten purices. of. tobacco to last
him -a ->year if all the inhabit JUitssmokccK
'-i.-ln-.-'-.'F.'ra rice, however, ".whore: the: :. cwil
: sunintipn: of tpbacco is^vmpstjyjn^ the form
:pfp very-.' bad i;0igareitesi ; ::t;ifh,,liili:ab'rtfint
.rojild ¦•¦s'mokft only two pounds; two ounce..^ ':
¦ at tDlv;u?co.;,J(idglng:::fioTn;:ihe: : quality - : of
the French toljacpb, we tv-onder how sthey
/canCs'mfifc^icveiV thatampuiit. .- ;v .¦;'¦.. ¦•..-:
:'.^WKh^, greater; :liTduccrncrits ;'-Jh the Pliap«
pt : Better and cheaper ..tobacco, the.; ihhab
itahts:p:f:Kng.{aiid.:sni.pke:nioro tobacco per
man': than '¦'¦': their .near neighbors, the'
Frerjrh. ¦¦' It ..-«y<>: take the last; census wo
find .that .the people' of: England number
; abpnt ::|?;fWO.(!00.. ; und, .-.. -allowing':.- for -the
yearly ¦ increase; ;they now certainly num
• her', a : good •: mnny.rnofe. ; I f all of these
'smpkett.the a mount of. tobacco doled out
to each, on the 1st of January to last: for
the: year would only amount to. pnepound
flye punccp. This is about what a heavy
smoker would consume In a month. Tak
ing.'however, the approximate number ot
adult males in the kingdom at 9,750,000. we
get nn average of 144 : ounces per man,'
which is about what the average smoker
gets through. Yet we are not a nation
much addicted to tobacco.
We '¦•: ¦¦¦¦frequently:-:.: hear remonstrances
ag^nst Jlbffv;Pninking': public^of^Englaiiu';;:
( tniy : d '- s ho rt : 1 1 iri <V : a ir 7 , a : : v i K<i r 01 i s -p r 0 1 e s ',
¦wasv :enteredV: by .vnop-smokpia .' atriiiri^t
itjToSe; who : wished: to: on joy ah:
ner r-izar.
.,^:Let th»> ant i-tnbai-conist er.ncratul.it e
:Wmgelf-v.t.hnt.;-'lV?'^^
hf follows tli!'-: urtul'' ho will -• * tiiat
anibrur: th^> imi>"rraui nations, of ; :K;irp;p-
:«.j.rftat..Hri.tuii.i i>: ¦ .tho /yniallr-st ';poii-. :
sum^rs f'f t<ih.'\f*co.
In^the :Wa.y of/ 'Iphnqtp'.
WHAT THE- NATIONS;; ;i SMOKE.
Tastes : of ;:EuropeaniiPepple3
Edgar Poe was born In Boston January
13; ] 809 .'the second son of David Poe. a
Baltimore gentleman who had abandoned
the bar for the stage and married a young
English actress. David Poe died, appa
rently in 1810, and his wife passed away
a year later in» utter destitution, leaving
three young children. ¦ .
Edgar, then nearly three years of age,
was adopted by a Mr. Allan, a wealthy
merchant of Richmond, whose young and
childless wife peems to have been an ad
mirer, of the unfortunate actress. The
boy was given the name of his adopted
parents, treated as an only child and ap
parently spoiled in the good old Southern
fashion. When six years old he was taken
to England by the Allans and spent five
years in a London school, a vivid picture
of which he has preserved for us In "Wil
liam Wilson.". On his return he continued
his studies in Richmond and in 1826 en
tered the University of Virginia. Here
he spent but one term. The general tes
timony of his schoolmates is that he was
a lonely and moody lad. plunging at times
Into the dissipations of the college boys,
but-by no means neglecting his studies —
he took the highest honors in French and
Latin— and devoting much time to litera
ture. At the end of the term Mr. Allan
visited Charlottesvllle and paid the large
bills which the boy had run up. but re
fused to acknowledge hia "debts of
honor" and angrily withdrew him from
the university. Griswold's Btatement that
Poe was expelled is an absolute falsehood:
he was never even censured by the fac
ulty, and though drinking and gambling
are not exactly commendable habits In a
'boy of 1(5 they were at least the vices of
a Southern gentleman.
Mr Allan placed Pop In his counting
house but he did not stay there long. !p
the spring of the following year. 1S27. we
find him In Boston arranging for the pub
lication of a volume of verse, the product
of his school and college days. This was
"Tamerlane and Other Poems, by a Bos
tonian " now one of the rarest of Ameri
can books. Even before It appeared Poe.
probably at his wits' end for money, en
listed in the United States army as a pri
vate under the name of Edgar A. Perry.
Tie served for two years, was promoted
for merit and at his discharge received
high testimonials from his commanding
officers. Poe seems to have been ashamed
of this episode, and in the account he was
accustomed to give of his life filled up
these years with a fictitious expedition to
aid the cause of Greek freedom. Shortly
before his discharge Mrs. Allan died, and
her widower's one thought seems now to
have been to rid himself as decently as
possible of the lad whom he had adopted
and reared as his only child and heir. In
a letter to the Secretary of War asking
for a cadet's post at West Point for Poe.
he expre?3ly disclaims all relationship and
ranks the boy among "the numerous ob
jects of K]s charity.
While waiting for his appointment Poe
published a second volume of poetry, "Al
Aaraaf Tamerlane and Minor Poems."
this time under hi? own name. In'July.
1S30 he entered West Point, and in Octo
ber of the same year Mr. Allan married a
, second time. Poe probably looked upon
this step as practically disinheriting him.
and feeling that he. was left to make his
own way in the world he determined to
leave the mlltary academy and devote
himself to literature. Mr. Allan refused to
sanction his resignation. from West Point,
and he was In consequence compelled to
procure his discharge by means of a rourt
mnrtial. He neglected all military duties
and was In consequence dismissed In the
spring of 1831. leaving the post, it is said,
with ony 12 cents in his pocket.
Poe's stay at West' Point was by no
means the round of dissipation that it has
been represented. Some work h«* must
have done, for he stood third in French
and seventeenth in mathematics out of a
class of eighty-seven. His neglect of
parade and roll call— the charge on which
he was dismissed — was the result of his
determination to escape from the army In
the only way that was open to him. Even
at this time it Is hard to imagine Poe.
with his wild fancies, quick artistic in
stincts and thirst for poetic fame, bound
down in the shackles of military routine.
His mistake, one would think, was not In
leaving but in ever entering West Point.
The next two years of Poe's life are al
most a blank. Supported by the subscrip
tion of his cadet- friends he brought out
a third volume of verse, in which for the
first time we catch the note of that haunt
ing lyric that -was so peculiarly his own.
"To Helen." "The City In the Sea" and
"Israfcl." which appeared for the first
time in this volume, were and are unique
contributions to American literature. Poe
seems to have spent the greater part of
these years In abject poverty in Balti
more. He received. It apears. a scanty
annuity from Mr. Allan, but when he
emerges from that period of obscurity he
..A brief sketch of Poe's life, based upon
material much, of which has been made
public-only within the last few years, tnay
serve . to • correct ' some widespread errors
as to fact and furnish a basis for a more
sympathetic appreciation of his charac
ter,. ,-.. ¦'.-'•¦ -.
even when correcting earlier misstate
ments.have been characterized by such a
spirit of foolish patronage or Pharisaical
readiness to fling the stone as to prove
that the poet, like the prophet of old, la
still without honor In his own country.
EDGAR ALLAN POE.
On learning that his wife had com
menced proceedings against him for.; a
divorce, Junes Hic£;lns, : a , ini'idleTagcd
man, last nipht went to her. homo at SS.S:
strec t ':."• n nd -a f t er. : .th rcatejVl^Jg i-.t.a
niake' : her- a ; FV lf) J6 rl ;^ )r ;thp; ' ;< - f>r '- ricr>
struck^ iier^ 1 11 ; the facts vknnrkin^ihpf
dowii.V:-3le::tiu>n srartca .tn kick Her, : hut
as sho 'screamed ' lustily lie t lirea t .jneel ¦. to
get ft; rcvolvtr and sll<MU-e her ,i:ru's.
AVhile-he : xvas:tfyiHfe. t<> proriire- a . pistol
thfe \vomaji : Tan^fom^ t he Vnou^e aivd^iioti-:
ficd ; a. policeman. Tlie ¦¦;iicili< i ."iiia-M :pro;niH
ly.arreste>i:llf^jriiip jin*i<-h;ir^ ,1 liini:with
liatt«=-ry and threats airainst life.' ¦¦'¦¦¦¦¦¦-.¦
Abused;: HisVWifeV
HE; dealers: -to' re
•'•\\war.d/-tb\a-'-poWfl:'f^l-''.niarket:-a.nd;:?Lli;'
: .\\ the"- si gn»;arev favorable.
••-..¦¦¦' .ternary; dullrie?>Vif /summer ;stlll -Ob-/
lairipi-but-th^ talk>.iPi ; :alV:;reap?urirg^.foT:
the. :.T!?ar .f uturo; No large ¦builfling^yhayet;
been- JGontracttdJfpr:; MnceJVhe;; last: .r^r
estate review in .this paper. : ...¦¦. -•¦•.¦¦..¦¦:¦¦
. '. BuildinK -. contracts . Hive ; been . rccord«>4~
as follow-:
JufUriati rkiv Co: with :Jani»» ; . E/BJrit^Aior
plrrnHnc yeweririir ah'i>aS fitting I'or; a .four- ;
firry and' ».a*f tn'r'it >t ni. jiirc. on t h" -.^ut.h ljrie : .
,.f V]»i).-ot <.tr»ot, l!»H-:--(Wt .-past, iif ;>-»-,>f..!irl.': <V>».l:
i : r <* i : " .*.! r « : . L i H I a n H I « h *P.': : - ¦»" i • h W1 H j a ni ; J ' i an;.
f'T a tw'^r-Ftiry. . fran:" . residence! ¦: at; the ¦j'lni-»ry.- i
section ¦ of VS'i'-riF^t -ysVrm-iK .arid ¦: Sunset ;nveriue : ;
fJTjth cost J^'T"; >Irs :. H-Ttha- K. ; ; Mic.hPtJ=on
*|th : F»','\ Jlamii*, Vff>r;ii tivo-stutyvira!ne :
I'liikiine > h. th* iv rt In-line *>f rnion :?tr-»-t..
;^*' T VaVt v-r <^tAria,^r.Vvt ?>^> ; ,\v. ¦ >;. . : ::-.x-!rh,- i
r.Jf : with <~barV«.:'.F. Shii>t>>\\ for alterations
sM a.d<i!tknst<> a frame hujloiir*. <-'rith> pnrth-;
wfv. eornir .if FranHpco: and : Powell ..streets;
euft $1127: Agn«-i« :\. Bru<-e with <'. 7,wierleini
f'T a frarri<" rtTrplline. on Mafnt- avenue,, near
Java. <»Et : $"?*n; : P. J: -Ch'"Ii with ; i 5 . :R. Kwn
for.a two-storr and basement frame dw^Uins;, ...
with Krlrk ¦fi.vun'iajior.j'/- en ¦.t'he •: ; n^rth .Aln? :.oi .
t>rnb« ni : FtTJw»t , ; 1^1 :*'.* . ' es>t or ( .vt a via; v.cOSt
$i:<SS; j'iiarl^ AV.. Stuck with < ". P. MO'Tf. .fnr
a -t wii-**f»rV ba?»mpnt : . and: attic. buiVrt tne.f, on the
r^rrh ; ; Vi* cf Pafrarn^'vtr. '¦..¦*tr.<*«>t.. P«:3- fflRt of
rtiirhanan: Wft ; 5 s^ <1 i ; Mr*- ; FmUy- ,J, s^'l""™
v.Mh W J ' Hnlman; f lpvatnr ; work;:fqr * >^ven-:
•torv and f..a^rrifnt an-1 tfrra cnttsi tiuild
1 pk " (in^thf -!«out h : l!n« :of '-. Market' 5t r^ei.. l.«:6
?¦•>«t V njr.-'-JS1'xt'hi' Vr>>Pt -.13*28 :-.:-I.. t 1 - Fonrrnan w|ll>;
AN iir-nm I-it!|». :*M»rnations ami , adUit, .ns. to
h'jH<1lr.K : ' at •"•.*:<». McAiii-t^.r . >tr»>»t; .¦:?wi:..-i<.*f*f;-
William IMan ->v!th IvtTPTff..n. & Pfrsfon.-.Tpf/a.,
tw n.=t,, rv :aiid haF^piPntifi^nr iniiMiiJR.iona'h?;
we«t : lliii> cf Fair: Oakst, Rrr^"t .v 4K: Jopt ; north-; of
-rwontv-fnurth. onft f:C<V>: I-ouis Sr<'»-s -Tr.: .with
H JIaiiFtPir. fn.r i.rnn. .Mopp.V ral^r? an.l -=iil^
•walk llRht-? ¦•: for huiMtnKon smuth liri*- of MIr
¦c'r.n Ftr^vtVVsnuth^corfipr Qf. : >Hs?ion .an<i;,Fr«£.
iTi^-ni rxrreif o>ist M^S: Piotro. .Forplahb -with
Carlo P'W'rV 1 '' a Tthr^r-stnTy and ...r>a«>rnent
jrsm*- bcll^i"ner:. onVth^ -ao.il h- line^rtf:, <¦*?*»
Ftr<rt- ITS f-"i w>t-t'! K'nrw..™?! J2S-1.: a. h.
McCrPPrV Avi'h: Tliomn.R r,utl>r.? : for brick. ;PW;;
itf- raFtiron "¦ stprl -and^ '-wj-mi i )rhrirnh;;work-.-.for.
frt-ir-Ftnrv : nri*J ba^mrnt V'ri'-k ?to.rp.-.8ri4..- office..
tvuildinK oii thp.north lln> -of .Ptittf-r- street. V25:
"for/ M-n-fi-itonp AVilllarri/F:.,
AVilMn '{nfV.4'>luTriMr.«;: : '«ras;-:.ntJlfip aJri f^weriRt
¦and With <-h;-r'^ iWnfrp: fnW lathing and^1«-;
rrrimr -totairr^f- fof; :aU: ..tlip-w it^ms.. ' ; tip. <..»:,
Lanr* investment:. Comr*ny-,wUh-: Hani.:.Peter
ior T for a t-wo-otory ar.d bao^rnent huildlngr. .^in.
th"' south-«ot cornpr of Carl and Siangan
VtI»ft«V-£OSt ..JKW-.'. •';:. :/:"¦ : . : -:.'[.:'-- : /-'.'.\-"-"-\; :_':¦;¦ ''•]•¦'.:."¦.
'--¦¦ DurinW' the'wfrpk :the- rnor* safes -hiyrt
amrrunt: of/loans was^fl< J A^^T!^- Pp*};.
c'.raV rn-ortitraKPs. -were the f.oriowln-jjj ... ; . -
:;':Rriberr Harrillton -Vo "the-Hibeniia-SavinR^rijr
t , 4 _:c,r.iftv- lot on northfasf. corner . of.hixt n
c?nr-^ John and .Johanna, Xhpd- ; to : Diedrich
IVartCPrr^lTjt on :rn«t:lln«: or Eiehth street, ICO
f*lt «A,th of Harris n;. at 6*i; Pfr.cent;.
V'oiWa T^ I.atson to;.t?i'>.Hib.ernia,Bavlng8 and
lian lot oil we?t line bfrHowArd Etr<?pt,
4, U.A not th^f ¦ T>vonty-!»eoohd. 45 by 90,> $T<KK).
oni rear at « p^r cpnf.- Jobn.Mof'arthi to the
Hih<v"niia -Sa vines and Wn . Society. ¦ lot yon
" uTh^^t corner, -f M. AMister and , r>eVl R ader0
PtrfVtR XV, >**>> <>n<? :ycar at- 6 per, cent: Fred
nick H and L)!erlrick Wulzen to the Hibernla
«av!ne« nnd I»sn Society., lot on north corner
of Mir.tsa amj P»crnd streets/ tlS.OOO.pne year
p.t ft per cent. ' '-.- - r. .*-¦-. •'..'" ¦:-'- -'¦ .¦•
The week's releases number torty-two
and amount to $144.6%. The larger releases
were the following: • ' \ . ¦ ' . .
Itlbenifa Pavings and Tyonn Society to Otto
and I^uria Klopii^nberg. lot on north line of
fJrove street. S3:« f<*<"t east of Franklin. 27:6
)jy £7:9. I11.S0Q; T.'nlon 1x<an AFyociation to J.
\V McDor.ald. lot on soutliwest corner of
OTarHI and I>evtyadero MreetB. JK..OnO; Hl
i rfrn'R HsvIr.ifK and l/ian Po«i»ty to John Mc-
Carthy lot on southwest corner of McAlliftet
and Devisad-ro streets. *22,OOO.
Prices paid for realty in sale? recorded
during the week were as follows:
EFtate of Apoionia Koeh to Jacob Brandt,
lot on north line of W1I street. US feet weft
oT Polk. L'7 by i;>>, $7000; Frederick V. Owen
to Frank P. dliV»r an«1 I. J. Truman Jr., lot
on southwest corner >,t Noe and Henry ptrfetf,
5f>:6 \,y M. $70«); Callaphan I>tate Company t;>
All»ert Meyer, lot on njuthwcf.t corner of Nine
teenth avenue and H street. 240 by 600. $23,000;
San Francisco I^and Company to Elizabeth S.
Williams, lot on rart line cf Tenth avenue,
160 feet north of Clement street. M by 120. $2000;
J»ni«-s C Pennie Jr. to Thomas Swyney. lot
on south line «>f O'F.irrell street. 162:0 west of
Octavia Cr. by 120. S2"<*>; Theodore A. V. Brown
to I.uipi Farrarl, lot on southrart corn'-r of
Filbert nnd Pt<»ckton ftreeto. S8 by 75. $442o;
I^-xiiFe and niUe tJotthe'm to .Tohn.f. Schmi-It,
lot on wouth line of Pine street. 150 feet weat
of Eroderick. 25 by 137:6. 5*."»rit); estate of- Rosa
fiedfley to Oeorpe Tracy, lot on east line of
Florida Mreet. 2"0 fe"t s>outh of Center, 23 by
100, ?2.V*: tame estate to F. W. Kern, lot on
nortrrn-tft corner of Seventeenth street and
Pryant avenue. 12j by 100, J72^0; , \Valter G.
Thompson to Victor 'Williams, lot I on south
line of Hdfly street, 175 feet weKt of Pierce £1
bv 137:6, $C0M; Kdward J. .Le Breton to Arthur
Kodtrerp. undivided one-quarter of lot on south
west line of fpear etreet. 77:6 west of Mission,
20 by 45:1'V SJOOO: Anna M. Palmer et al.- to
The rr.as Shirlds, lot on south line of Ml.«.-io,i
street. 200 feet east of ¦ Second; 25 by 80.. $14,500;
Walter V.. John R. and Mary E. Gray to
Wesley and ' Alice. • A. Tomer, lot- on south
line of Minna street. 273 feet east of Sixth, 2b
; by 70 $3000; William Center, Grace M.. GeorBe
S Eamuel- M. and William H. Crtm Jr; to
the Market Street Railway Company, lot on
northeast corner of York and Alameda streets.
1515 by 200, $20.C0O: L,. T. Finn to M. Pitlock.
lot" on" west line of Tremont avenue. "633 feet
foulh of Frederick street. 25 by 75. . $«000;
Charles W. " and ¦ Charlotte II. Tabor to John
A Roy, undivided one-half of lot on northwest
corner of Thirteenth and Vi>st Mlesion streets,
weet 75:6 north 06. «'jUthe«.U 73. south 79,
$4000* Ixmlsa C Brush to Laclba E. Agard,
lot on south line of Twenty-sixth street. £0 £eet
weit of Sanchez, 80 by 114, 91442; Otto and Lucl?
KIofpphhprR to;Plii!ip k*»if«r,: lot on: north line
;r>f \iro\y [sxrippx, .>.' 6: east t(f:.Fra:h'Klin,;27.G. by
«" i ;?. l^'.w : : .<!"-n p» s. in nil MifievK,.-. Ahiifes to
Ikr.ry jly^r"; lot en hrtrthw-fft ¦-¦¦.c.orm'r of Val
: \"\" ais-'i: I^ncuna Ptrpptp/vio by 12'\ J'5 1 "; Uastlvn
-fMlVa.^tif:- J'Sf"i:i :<"i!np^;.:y.niilvlrjeii on<?-half ;inf
jotven th<» >3f>t..linp.nf. .¦¦ITow..p.ll.>t i r.if ; ft',--ST-:.6.'-ic> ; utlj.'
¦of. ;^ir?t)arri;^22^;:h\-:::p^;<;. ; :?W l i. ; ;:^ r a; n t i f.: an.l
.< Jprir p<if» .'IV!-. hi.dy. t . ¦>¦; Ms i-y . - K. '¦¦'¦¦. Kritt .';»n'i' ; . 'fpi ' -on .
¦s.;;iiH- l.i'ii'p ¦i.f : Br.-< nh? ir / s-trVot. ~'V). tc>>i: east nt'
Slxfli.- ¦ : 3-7;.fi' ; -iV:.--,-'-i;.-;, j^K-if):,;.:. - -v :¦ ¦¦¦' ¦::¦•'- : \- ¦:-',: : -: : ' :
.; Baldwin -ife-'-IIowf-HI- ¦ report the sale of two.
blocks rPbulfcof/jh^^^^
.bfith;.:frbnt|hg ¦:on;:.Ilvahd -I ;'istrrrts,;^ian^;
li^tWiPfvniS'^'ontf fMiflv^^
niifs.; -jj'Tid NMiif^tof-nth :aA ; rvivii<> .(voiilors-aril
.H.nd \Tv. -oVt'ti'M' li a vf-uu^. fnv . t iip'.i "aliaghaa
es-titip.-.-.-j.it; : V^Mni: ,Tliosry: blocks ,fir-R;2l'lx6rV|
fv:°v[e%V:h ¦A>nnd,.^'.rt > ',;a'f|Jrtta : lhg.' i .':\-;t'ho-V.vhlAcl;. : '
rfnpiitly :-sjhdlAM<fcd Utnd ;kol<r;
by. tli is-, firm: Xiii<?t»>pnth .;avenuVi:;boulc.
'y-9r<l ¦ ha vi he born orenfil ujv a rul: n .lin ;nd- .
Bome. entrance toCVolden Oatf» Psrk; nlar^rl
at 1 1 s head . t h is spctltin of ..t hr>. Puns>et.;i>is^
t r.ict.; givt'S proniiFf nriheiSirning^at'-iOitcei';
a popular and populous lP.sid^n.cp <hst riot.
Already five hamtsomp V-h-omps have: b« i e.iv :
htiilt there arid niany purchasers: have PiKi'
nified t h«Mr intontion of builflinjr : ill .. tho
neHr' future. The placing' - of- - the^fe.-t.wp*.
Fplfiidid blocks on .. the. -market- 13; Xfig-
InitiPl >: step toward closing -the. Vgap.: b>>- :
t wefri.thp city and .the^ ocean vbea'eti ; arirl
boijljpyard. .•¦•¦.¦The-;>iec.trl'cVJ|Jtc^'.w.hlc;h.'.;(ru.nsv.
along ii, -street renders; .this section, of ;t lie
city ; f-a=iiy ; acces^iblp.-; Strr^tP :*iirrouhdr
in g :; t hes c blocks a re>; be1 iig gra ded >tO ';¦ the I
ofllrial; lirifj and: the; V.lock^ are to : be
graded. '¦ Qv.pr will be pxpendeil in,
this .work. (las and-;watsr.;mairi,V!tre;.to:
he— placed: Iti^ the'::stre<!ts vahd ;plarik:vp-lde-:
>;a'-r.e-; : ' : tq ; IW :la|d:;:.;The:nj) ; rhihg:i'p : t
: l<lneieehth:;averiu> i ':iPv(iAJo .;to the^ . Vincea?-:
:|p*r effort » of th<<: N"ir.ctv>oTith A v' i n'i«.P'Oi.i-;
:rlevar<i X'liih. arid- tlieSVinsf-i I >isi rlct. (JLiib
ls:nbw H(ivor«t!!jp -.the: op«'ninfC "f if -«tri't't
vfrpm;F ; irst-to:^Twrjitlfth' av-'iii^-rAStipeF-;
ilnteVidriit Mcf^ren 'has: a-:ro.r.<-<? : cf -.'inoii; nl
work; on t h<? on t ra nee 1 0: < ;>vlil o ii ( ',hie. Park:
a V NIriet^pht h aye n il<b; arid . • x lYt-cj s . tiiat it
.Will bf fiiiislifdVfry sV ».>h;: Mrs;yBehsb:i'rt:
.-'$151,600:' f osidonre on the: crirnor ;of .;I;.strp^.V
: and- Ni^p.t^enth: ayctiuf- ; Is ¦ in :< o'irsf. nl
"construction ; .and';vviir;be; ; avliandsoffle^ady
idition to this suburb.
Ijatheriri^ of .High Masons in the
Temple— -A Banquet Comniem- r
r: prates' the 'Event.; .-¦¦¦¦. -¦ v. -.:¦.-¦
A: a jTirptihg of Calif <-rnla Commandcry
>To; l, K. T, ir. the. Masohlc: Toniple: last
liijLjht.W'. }i FiHi.ti : Titus. ..commander;:
t * arou < "ook. generalissimo; C. W.Dpck
«=r. «rtinc captairi gprirral; E: B. Church.
jiv-late; O-. ;.F, A\>stphai, -senior warden..
fc p.'l P.. X,. Rrtwl^y, junior-, warden, ,con
: 1 ¦:•! <v] .the- illustrious degree nf th* ¦ Red
Cr^onDri F.-.-E. Payne. H, C. Porter.
3^:-. H«rh<>n Slww.-J.. R. . Oarniss and H;
J\. I >iirhro^,:.in a very: iTnpr^ssive manner.
After. rh«»-<eremony-.-.thte: membersi and
ir.:-. ny \ isit -irs became .the -•'¦; guests • of
M r -~srs.Tuus,. Deckfrand: Jobst. the com
r:iT-fo 0,-1 '-mortair.rtipdt, a;ui were escon
, .j •., i ': f> Va nQuet baU;: where a" houptemia
: :7'j" r •.- .s srrv«-«i: During the repast i:i
t-:rum. :i:..i masic. was; rendered by;Be.n
rr-tt's.rchrstra.' and: afti'.r the blaclt-cbf
i** Messrs. McRain. . Wendc-11. Smith and
35aikin. '•jnprisingth** California quartet.
i=a.r:jr >eU- .' :¦ >r.s. Thr 1 "** -V^ere aililrossps by
Jl. T. > ;:.-. •-.-. ,tlj*» *pnmr.-oommani1fr; W':.
K. Smithy l»r. ».'raig,, Dr. Decker of St.
l*oul?, Ji:r*cp Wilson of Eurr-ka, James R.
Tapscott>.f Yrr-k^ E. &; C. H.
Jxiuis ..f H^toru At=a R. \Y/»1!<=, William
f>. M'>Fef:arfli,:a iiurnVrnf /Others. ,. ;.-'¦'¦;> ¦,.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR GIVE
TH ER ED CROSS 0 EG REE
/?=3 LAR A KAL-ISHER.:; the ; well-knbwTi
ft '"..-."-. 1 Sa.n : '.;''-Franeisco-.-.;Vicpnti:'a'It.Q,'
s^^> wh o c oiTi pi P t <? d her y o ca 1 s t a d i e "s in
'¦:-¦¦:.¦ ,;. ;Par!s -arid ; ; .I>ond3n '^t\yo;: years ;:aig<>;
•i.P-'apaii.i/^sJtl.hgi : '.'hory;-fiQine.\Y:L;ai!t';.?y^'arw
¦.wJiehr-'-hcrej.-- Fhe rnadf:; a; nr^Ft ' fayor3bif>
impression at a modostly .annoUncrd: spns
r<\cita!^ arid Fince..thrn . sh<3. has been: in
great demand all over; 'the /East .for.cbh
t(-rt work. :.'¦¦.'¦•'¦':'•;¦¦•'• :::''-.":;': ¦ '.-:
Kalisher. toured, a? far: west as. Df:
troit. ¦with. Mihp.. : Emma^ "Tvt'vftd; 1 .,: and .is
'.i«rtid to.bnv*' madiP '.V'sufch •* /ayprableVlh^-'.
prfs5ioh .that tVi(^ .star's: in annger.decid.ed
that it wo.'ild bo <l.iiiC.erous for his, vocal
bits to share honors in ,San : Francisco;
. Consequently Miss . Kalisher was.: left, out;
<i.t -the ; far. :.AY>pt;Aportlen. 6f ; the :Xeyada
Itlr.fitary: last, Jarnrary, /... ;; - .;:¦/. .: i;: ;-v : . v v
':',.; Tfio co.ti t ral t;o o.\yill re t ur n ¦ to Ne w^Tork;
to vrefurn^ : ; her.-ofiMOPrt; wVvrk; the .latter
part '.of: 'iif x.t vvveek,.: a hd .h^r . frl ends:: have
lireyjlil^d Uponhor to frfvt? a Single: recital
;it;;s>h>rrnari.:.CMMy ¦¦&; Co:'s; Hall: ii'-xt;TiJes
(iiiv¦¦'exeijiiis:,-;':. llerjprogyamnvo: will fee;,:ar
r.:iiigr<l..;:(hrpholog!( all\-,. ; beginning
'V : Vit'uifl;ai.';!..f7v.hy ,; ( "n ris,«inii.. . ... who;: \Vn>t<?
about M'rvO; niifl rfinpini: t hrougTi solids by/
¦ Ifa'ndir-1. -Sphiibf 1 rt, Sohumariii, Mp vi?r~
lifer and Brahms'. SlveVwiU also; sing; c'orp- 1
PP?Itiuns; :of;;He^si v heK : .a :: '.lKiiiiiiiiulf > ..-:.Gr ; ;vr,
;nier;: : Arthur^Fnote.; ;and."-Llza'
IiehmViTiv^Cr, : : ,it.- : \'J:' : Stewart :<viHl>prfe>ide
at the piano. • ¦¦¦;¦-..- . ..- :^ .-,,-•...
h«rn unw. Mind lict ween San Francl«co
and : \\"a^lilnsrtGn over that: military; banU
of the Tlvnl Aitlil'M-j fct.uidiKfl Pt tho
rrppidio Tli'« bai.d uinlr-iumk to play
for a : nt i \ a ! f el lil» at mi ,-• ¦. o f : i t s ; summer
; '«'ti"!i;ii>lo;.-to;--the- f .was:vol>j ; ,:'r!iis': : o'iHlnps:.
local mV"-H ituis. ..wlir> ¦ startfd in to \11ir
Vind if-danpe. viiiidi^iunfV its ¦way.Vinto
; pTeKi(l(>nt -M^Kinloy'p:' private nllice; :the
War IViinirtinont/ thf>;:rSon;uo::and::;Hpuse
¦ ; o-f--- : -.R>n.rct:<-'riiiUiv'o's.;--;.'eVMn.tuiiUy:-. /winding
"iri.:^ i Uv^*oloi.i. ; r;i:awIrs;of:: : thrt^Third:-Ar
tillffv ¦ -who iins i n for mod aho^oc rotary or
t Ii«* 'iiarwf .C'oUhiuV XthaUvhenQeldrthv.anfl:
f o r- : : eye r ¦ ¦; nib re :• .- 1 h.^ V u ri i f o rrticd .';• niu 3icians
will^Vhargr urriqiV: ratps -''- when /blowing
¦¦¦S"f rptHi-y llnppnbfiS:. announces . jthat
¦a'rrarigeTnen r ts:hacl:V>eon:iri;i<le /by.V-the-.-Oty.
;'Stfee.t : ... : l > avli)?, r.nnipany; :, that; ;ln -y t.h>
tf-u.turW---. : the.'-.>fpht;.'--:HD;u' i rV^
will ho or.sor\ '"d. :;': ' ¦; ¦¦
: : The coniinitt r<> '•'• ha.virnr ¦.¦-.charge of the:
I abor- -(lav ; ot-ifihratjuii: .'¦: reported: tltat
> v^rvi Jiiiicr" has.^b^i\.n;..'...a.r'r'ancocl .:>atlisf.a'c--- :
't'VriOy :¦. -.;;f ri'r -a. ; praiid. clayis ;. entertainmeri.t.
at Central . I'ark,
Tliat;-Milltary ;:;Barid;: Trouble.
£:Pe'<spl£ cato©^a*ly^st^gltC::ind;-4tayed^
late: at St. John's Bazaar out at old St.
Maxy's /There was.no concert,,
but theVevehtng'a fun was: furnished: by;.
Father Cullen '.. of ¦ Sacred.' Heart ... parish,
who presided over :the wheel of fortune.:
He haxi such: a persuasive way that, at,
the end bf: ; the., evening he turned 6.y;er to.
Father Brady, a very neat sum; : ; :¦.¦ .... ..-:
To-night will be -.the; great night of the
fair; a number of; the prominent citizens
have ;: signified • their, intention of comings
There will be a.ccricert.artd an lthprbmptu.
¦'VnoS?!'^0:";Cy6ae.it*e.\eVt^g'8:.'.ig|6"pdv;tii]a«<; :
¦ SO great' has tieen the? success : of the
fair and genial Father Bi-ady has had so
many requests to continue.. • the fair.-' into
next week. that h»:;sald last. night. he was
'•seriously- ¦: thinking :of.;.doing so. . : Should
¦ thatb©^ the case: or : riot,..^ariy; one who
would like, to see Vthe fair : at : ; its ; best
should, conu- tp-niprht. vThe : Misses Lynn,
O'Brien .are among the
young rout ins out ¦¦that are at. the .fair.
ear.lv -and • dn niu.ch to make .the affair . a
: s : ucc"es.=. »'!r< McCann -ami Mrs. Morrison,
-who - ; preside -over • -Kolly: ;.Parfc;.: booth,
have tresti .irhatlor>s: : to.tholr s tail: each,
: iilkh t- : t hoy -have «-.ome. very ¦-. ¦: handswDmo
'Irish -In riviiTiviorted^from. the. pld;:cQun T
try-- •ihiu;-' ihoy ¦ir'o.e'.H'y.ect/I.yefito.rilay/; which
they: -.¦woiil'-a-Vlike': --'to sell: at a vefy^reasort^:
-a t)le fisUre.;:; : ;i; , ; :: : : : : •-*_¦? ¦} :;¦". V' .:..':. :J {,'¦'_;.¦. : \'£. : ..' : .
Half a century has elapsed since Edgar
Allan vPoe passed out from the "fever
called. -living" and. "drank of the river
that- quenches all thirst." Over his dead
body friend and foe have fought fiercely
and uneerisinKly, but even to-day the story
of his life remains to be. told. Accuracy
and. sympathy, the two indispensable pre
requisites of the biographer, have never
yet been. united In a biography of this
most unfortunate of American poets.
Shortly after the deliberate malignity of
a clerical hack sought to avenge an old
quarrel by a base betrayal of the trust
committed to him and this treachery
proved only too successful, for "Gris
wold's Memoir," for the most part false
as to fact and always rancorous as to
eplrit, has served as the basis for the
common conception of Poe. It was in vain
that the dead poet's friends protested at
tho time against the savage caricature.
The. world Is always ready to believe the
worst of a man of genius and there was
unfortunately much In Poe*3 life to lend
credibility to the assertions of his ma
llgner. Sincethen other writers, foreign
ers:'for the most part — to our shame be It
said— have attempted to present the char
acter of Poe In a more favorable' light
and to-day there Is no country but our
own where his fate Is not pitied and his
achievement In prose and verse acknowl
edged. But with us the latest biographies,
Fatlier ;. ¦; Oullebr : ; - Presided VOyerV the
• ; -^Wheel'-of /Fortune: Last Niglit v- v;
V : V;-^;^and -'Helped ~. the: : ;.Go6d-'' u •!"¦:- =• -. ,'¦
Note— This study, by Dr. T. M. Parrott
of Princeton University, will be concluded
on Saturday next.
But Griswold's statement that "Poe was
dismissed for drunkenness Is Quite un
true. A letter from the proprietor of th<?
Messenger remonstrating with Po« for
hl3 lack of self-control was written, anl
Griswold knpw that it was written, t*for»
Poe assumed his editorial functions. The
probable truth Is that Poo was at onc<?
desirous to rnter the hroader fields cf
Journalism in Xew York and. to quit a city
where his numerous acquaintances and
the "spirit of Southern conviviality" *o
multiplied temptation. At any ra't*. he
quitted Richmond in tl»t» spring of 1?37.
I certainly did give way at long Intervals to
the temptation held out on all sides by th
epirit of Southern conviviality. My sensitive
temperament cotiirt not vtand an excitement
which was an everyday matter to my compan
ions. In short. It* sometimes happened that I
was completely intoxicated. For iom« days
after each excess I was invariably confined to
bed.
During his stay In Richmond Pop mar
ried secretly, though with her mother »
consent, his little cousin. Virginia Clpmm.
a child of 13. It was some months hofr.re
she and her mother came to live with him
at Richmond, and during this time ha
seems to have given way repeatedly to
the craving for drink— a family falling. If
we may judge from a Mfer of hia cousin.
"William Poe. Years afterward Poe. while
denying the habit of Intoxication, said
of this period:
is on the point of starvation and unabls
to accept an Invitation to dinner for lack
of a decent coat. But his poverty la not
to be attributed, as is so frequently done,
to intemperance. Wllmer, who knew him
intimately at the close of this period, saw
no sign of bail habits in Poe except that
on one occasion the aunt with whom he
lived upbraided him. but a.s though ic
were a rare occurrence, for havinsj taken
too much at a tavern dinner. Cast off by
Mr. Allan, who was rapidly begetting a
family of his own, and without aid or
sympathy from hia father's relatives, Poe
set himself steadily to perfect a new form
of art which might perhaps bring him in
the pittance needed for his daily bread.
This was the short story, and it was by
this that he flm came into prominence.
In the autumn of 1S33 the Baltimore Sat
urday Visitor offered a prize of $1000 for
the best prose story and another of i~>0
for the best short poem. Poe seized the
opportunity and presented one of hli
beautifully -written manuscripts contain
ing six stories and a poem. Griswold has
given currency to the silly tale that a
careless committee awarded the prize to
"the first of seniuses who had written
legibly." One had but to compare the
simple, lucid style, the amazing realism
and the wild imacinatton of "The MS.
Found In a Bottle" with the feeble Insip
idity of the average magazine story to
concur in the unanimous decision of the
committee. His poem also would have re
ceived the prize had U not for some rea
son been thought injudicious to give both
awards to one competitor."
Poe's life as a man cf letters really be
gins with the winning of this prize. All
hope of Inheriting a portion of Mr. Allan's
estate was cut short op. the death of that
gentleman, who. shortly before his do
cease, had driven Poe from his house with
threats of personal violence. The young
writer wag taken up, however, by John
Kennedy, one of the Judges who hai
awarded him the prize and himself a man
of letters. Through his good offices Poe
obtained some employment on the Satur
day Visitor and later a position on thu
editorial staff of tho Southern Llterarv
Messenger, a monthly magazine just
started at Richmond. Here Po» remained
for something over a year, filling his post
with such sucrep3 that he raised the cir
culation of the magazine from 700 tn
over 50)0 subscribers. He contributed both
firose and poetry and attracted particu
ar attention hy the brilliancy, indepen
dence and severity of his literary criti
cism. Such a dissection of a popular novel
as Poe inflicted on Fay's "N'nrman Les
lie." the best "puffed" book of th»» day,
had never been seen in America before.
STUDY OF POE: BY DR. T. M. PARROTT.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
LITEftARY TALK.S rtfMID REMIMSCENCES,
¦;. CorrtrnitK-e . of- arrangrements — William ¦ ' T.
Flynn, John.*- Roive, I. .W : . . .A." - ; : Breslin, John
IJughes/.J; Jv O'Prlen, ThomiislConlart,^ ''Michael-
Brown, J. : McDovitt,:.J. Long, M. Tlerney, T.
Cleary. M; j>. WardjV 'Bh.omasi L. Doran, James
6' r.rieri, -P.. McNairiee. . E- imzeerald.. E. Me-
GltoicyV Jarn.es; Hughes,:: "¦¦}?:::¦¦ Sullivan. Daniel
'AhfH-nV-Ci'.'RrK.fJiv T. .J^-arfi,: E. MoEtevltt, John
Coffee.-'.'Jphn ¦ giiijiiV,-;-. -.la m-.«s I>arney," : .T, . Grlf fln,
.Av:;-;Fitz ; geraid.. C; ¦¦«"»:« ¦f)ii.ii.or. : G.v Dougherty, M.
"'nrridan.; John Allen..' -P/.-J.:. Xomalty, J. Cro
!iai},; John Killperi, .1. . : T.;?we«riy,. J. : J. Shee
.hani John T wymey, .V.'. Connors, 'T-' Kussick,. J.
B.. Mcbermott, C; McGinley.' ~Xi: O'Connor, J-
Devinney,. : J, . Tehaheyi. il:. Kusslcki P. : Prunty.
;.:llecepti:oit- '¦¦r-:-:c'b.rpmrtt-ee>Maurlice..--.';;;;'Corrldan' i
fchalnrjan), P. .M('Xamee. : :'- James. Lamey,
r.'VvMiiHlKiin, J, : ; ifcvve. -¦' C. . F:-' O'Connor,
jrshn Tworneyi ;J.V.J.IcTpievitt.: John "CofTee,- E-
: Mtti i.bhey, /'.James Fi.jdJ; ¦ Jolin Huehes,. John
t'roiian, John O'Erien/ •: James .'Hughes,. Miss.
Gi;. Sullivan. " MIs^^M^: XeylHnd.'Miss" Xellia
Q'Btien, Miss Kate Kussick; Jlls* Mary Holder).;
Miss : ilarj- . L.yne;:-:MisJ5' Jpisic.; Mulcare.' Miss.
Ajiha -K«rr,M !;=» n^c Anthony; illss- Frances
t/Onlari.-.JIiss Josie- <Vf! ' '''•• i.H?s .\I: McDermott.
MiJis. r :2t$Vi If. :K,eirnp>%-. -Mies.-.- Mary : Shorts-Miss
Ro»fl vkolly, M!ss-..pmyy: ::SMrtey,; Miss. Ella
i-rpriariv Jllfss M.- -Roderi, HMlss^ Lena-. Holdenj-
Mrs.: J: Hughes, Mrs: '¦ L>: ¦ Lioniihuo.-.-'Mls* Frances
Mepeyttt, .Mrs. Uut.tVi-?;, M rS:.-. I>yd6n;..Mls» Llf
l.iP Byrnes, JIIfs :.>la rRi)f-]if- v -T.l<?san/-;.MISs -Ma-.
rhieFlofxl. Mr?. T; E.;; sumvan,: Mrs.;W.-Bres
iiriyV Mrs; ; IJ, : pougherty,: M.fs,^Carifling;;
Josie Bu'rni,.- Mi>s: 10.- : Canni n sr. ;. M lss Sarah Do- .
lierty? JfrsV ft.- LiaGy;' : 5Iips ¦•'¦¦Kv 4'iihxwPll, ' Mies
Kat6 -D^lury.Mrs.- dahill.: Mi?s rCelltef-^Con
nors, : Mlss Tessle DOraa. Mrs. 1 ..William Con-'
nors; '•¦¦'Miss' Kate; l>oran> •il.-.s'.'Ki.izabeth'-Fuller,;
Mrs. : H;' i>hue. Miss :Atin.e"Bbn(>hue;.- Miss ARar
t;ha Glover. Mrs.;: M.:K*.rr.. M^s-Kate-. Fuller;
¦'¦Mtss- Johnie Clynti. Mrs:; •¦-MysMcLac-ufehlin;; Miss.
•>iart-nah''0rifflnv.-.Mte5VA-B*«...Gat i ely..-^M;fs: : 'LMtn-'
¦ hecan. Jliss <;ortrudp;;tI.iI!!iirm.M!E5i Eirallag
prty, JIlSs: Marlon lfaFkinf=;- Miss Lillije-'IIuglies,:
¦ Mi.FS 1>. Brooks, Mi> = - -Mnr-jr ;K.lndersari, Mi?s
: Kittle: Ifbfefin, MiFs.^riy O l Cqrinor. .M^ss Jerinl.e
M-c< Virt hyi ; M i.ss I -ill i- ; >1 a rti n. ' JI 1 Bs.-N.eHie-.Mc
:infosh.¦.•-.-Mffeti Annle.-:.McAuHfte. - Neyland.:
MIsb rtrrtie irc<;a.rthy;.Jlls3.:. Ma rsraret: O'Brien.
Mtss Mary; Itegart,: Miss-Mary AVesthaus r Ml8».
¦A: haus, Misis- J'ilia ¦ Wall. .-Miss' Mary
I, • S>corrt. M i?* Xorile; SiilHy in,: Miss-. Margaret
¦rrB;tt;v. ; Mlss:May Miiirar>: ¦ ¦- . '¦r';-;'-- : ¦-.¦: v
¦ •:•¦• Oanieis comrnUtee— \v: T.:r Flynn ;(cha.lnnftn).
Tin mas I,, Kpran: Michael Hrown. John All&n,.
-.Wlllin'm': l-"it7.c<>ra14.-J.<irtn.C/irrer.-. .•¦..:"¦...¦_ •;
¦¦: ; Klor;r^'in*inat;v^r^,Iv:- : JJriffln;.. ;a??i.stant . .flnor
' niaiiac' v r;-.">l.:-Ti»rnHy.v ;;/-;.::;¦. ;:;,:- ;: . ¦::¦;;;¦.¦;: ; ..
-.-¦: Flo ! nvrnn)niitt<^^\\Mllla.mAvBr('sllri.'..Thomas
;'r<Tni.>n. i 'j/;ilKM.JeV.}tt,"if. v ,: 1 "-ii<:.'-'«.rt;v.-Ja.nies Q'BrJen.
?'iiaEt.pr <«f II"»;!n.;
:¦'¦¦ There /¦W'- every :• that ..-St. Pat- ;
rfclc's parish picnic,, which. Is to be held
at v Schuetzen. : Park" on Monday,. Labor
dayy will be one of the most successful
social affairs ever, held In the history of
thV parish. -.The .various committees have
about concluded their labors and are sat
isfieci. that; their .••¦work^ has. been most suc
cessf-ully. accomplished. The games com
mittee-lias prepared an attractive pro
gramme : of sportg,- which. Is- In Itself a
sufficient Inducement : for . the old and
yourig ! to ; avail themselves of the oppor
tunity of engaging in contests for many
valuable prizes which have been donated
by? generous, friends. . ' • . ."-¦ .': " ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ -¦
:-:¦{ The best : band music In the city has
been engaged and in addition Professor
McCarthy and ; a union: . piper r will be in
attendance; 1 Prizes will be awarded for
the .best jig and reel dancers, who will
step '.to the music of -tne^bagplpes.- Boata
wHlieave the ferry at. 9, 11, 12:35 and 3:30
and: returning trains .will : leave -the park
at 6:30 o'clock. Tickets can be . procured
at the ferry: ; The .band . will go. over on
the 9- o'clock 'boat.'- ¦¦:¦'.¦ -\- •" ¦.;¦¦
. The .followlne ', are the ¦" officers, of the
general committee-:;'! v j : -: : y: ! : : ' : ''.''¦ .' -.¦¦
v.Eygene B; ; .. : liacy,.chairinan;- David Barry,^'iec
retiary:, Kev,: 1',. Hcslln.'.treasurer. . ¦ . ¦•¦.
Father Cummings Assures Every One
:r ai Enjbyable -Bay: and No Effort
: V- •;: VWTill Be Spared to Make, the ........
".•: ;- : c.. 7" ¦•;: ; .-v.V-:-A'ffa : ir..a:. Success':; ; /V : ;- v : \ : -~-
Tliey Take::an Outing
. at Sohuetzen Park on
Jj§ : S::-,;Monday^ext.:;': : --vV;
PARISHIONERS OF
SUIT PATRICK'S
WI LL CELEBRATE
Th<"> in:l!-'i\\r.<rf t.t<- *<"> hav« a meeting
st their jg'iart-rs r:r street this
f-vc uiijp.- I : ; was r.opor'ed yesterday that
1 he (• n ;it-rs - « . h: r.<i. abk ; }Ti«? : Builders' Ex
• ha n;re h rHLra '.:¦¦!! cnnnxiSttee .to take up
xh<? ; nia'3 :. r. b::r. : 0iis v.as. denied by Mr.
M'ilki? \nf-i c\> 'H')c. . : - ";•'
:'-¦ "As J liav^ tiiril hefAre,: vrc . have rwith
irc 10 : . arbiira -.t *»-.;¦' in =1?-t«"-<i Mr: Wilkie. : :
"We had some experience "with a co
< prrative shop thirty years ago,*'. said
?::-. Wilkie. "It ¦was s'n cight-huu.r affair
;¦: i'i was started over .0:1 th»e i'otrero. Tilt
late C. C UVrrell r.as one/of, the l«:aJera
in the enterprise. Tl-.erurhir.K and dasb
i"S Van Riper also lent-/, njs aid : to -the
t<hf>me. It lasted oiifi' '.a few months.
"1 J'.^rc Avcro : a:>«>u: tl.iity : or' ¦ forty :who
v ar.lod to he j"- r« ¦•.•\c-:,i ami the others-iti
* ~ - .<i ,1:1 j -riLn treasurer.' Of .vourse'. all
«fml'iT:'; : !'e >"" rs-:>-, co the whole thing
»."«n.t to'.?ma>h." :*: ....•:» : ;- -¦'• ' '¦• .Vi-'-wvfl'v/j
1 started
There is eUU considerable talk of start
ing a co-operative mill either In this city
• : Oakland. Andrew Wilkie says the mUl
uvtxers would be delighted to ece such a
the council is able to better coi«e witli
'.::.- m:!l-uwnerf. The Santa Clara shop
F'.gued Lbe orlginai agreement of the mV.l
¦ wncra to hold to the nine-hour schedule,
it .M:. McCarthy states that thla mill
:.- ready to go on eight-hour time at the
ccu&cU'a bidding. ¦•::-¦¦.•.•¦:.•:¦¦¦-•
ifce different irade orjjar.izatlons to' use
its product. President McCarthy said : last
eVenlaj that this was uone In order to In
crease the output el tne mills who are
on the union's side. By the arrangement
. ¦ Huikiiiiff Trailes t'puricilt: which:!*
t ;i;Tiinj;,ou the strike clt hie "pljualng mill
en, has grunted a s-pecial ciisytnsaliuii
tu the coiUval Santa Clara, allowing it to
run en nine hours' itrae and perrn»uias
IiTore Talk of a Co-operative Cbocern
to Be Located Either in San
Francisco . or : in. . . ' ""
\.y {¦-¦:';¦ ¦'¦'"":'- Oakland; ; : : -v-3-- •";' '.'¦• H-'vf
Trades Council drives
cial Privilege to a Santa 4;
STRIKERS USE
PRODUCT FROM
NINE-HOUR MILL
St.; John's Bazaar , Booms
|||toS^pr^Da^o!Bi^'||
ger Business.
FATHER BRADY
JUBILANT OVER
HIS FINANCES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1900.
RETURNS WITH HONORS
SHE HAS WON ABROAD
MISS CliARA • KAilSHERi
XIII.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY
No More Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AR-
SOI.VTKLT WITHOl-T PAIN, by our lat«§
Hclentlnc method applied to the. gums. No
sl*ep-produclna agent or cocaine.
These are the only df-nt.il r»rlor<» in San
Francisco having IWTF.NTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredlerts to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns und»tectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth, $3; a perfect fit jtuaranteed or no pay.
OoH crowns, $3. Gold fllllns*. $1. Sliver fill-
inK*. 50c. AH work done by ORADt*ATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to Tt yeara' experience, and
each department In charce of a specialist. Glvw
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
hs we advertise. "We will toll you in advan<"»
exactly what your work will cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
New York Denial Parlors,
723 Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND, OR.
IjRAXCH: SEATTLE. WASH.
AEW WESTER* HOTEL.
KEAKNT AND WASHINGTON ST3— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. iOc to SI w) day:
13 to $S week; IS to (?) month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: flre grates in eYery
room; elevator rusa all rd;hu . ¦
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so. ';':y- 3
Soap is for comfort; the
\ clean are comfortable. , :
** Pears' soap cleanliness-r-
:3 perfect cleanliness.
A.'l sorts of people u«e it, all scrts of stores
•til it, especially cruj gists.Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — • Jl S3
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS>,i
Sterling Cables — 4 83U
New York Exchange, sight — 0o"
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 0H4
Fine Silver, per ounce...... — 6ijj
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool was easy and Paris and
New York lower. Chicago was depressed under
adverse, cables. The demand was light and
there was local selling. Speculation was dull,
but the seaboard reported a good export de
mand. Argentine shipments were nearly 1,000 -
000 bushels.
, The market here was ' dull and weak, with
a slight decline in futures. '
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $105; Milling. 1107^
' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
1S.000 ctis. *i 10U; 10.000, $1 ion; 4000, ji 10.
NEW TORK, Aug. 31.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Distributive trade, that from
Jobbers particularly, increases aa the vaca
tion season :wanes. Reports from leading
Westers centers are more favorable and a
large aggregate of business in dry goods, clotU
ing, shoes, hats and : hardware are . features
noted this week. The iron and steer trade, too.
notes a decided gain in tone and volume of
sal's, though prices, except in a few Instances,
harden but slowly. Cleaxings, reflecting past
business and dormant speculation, are very
small, but railroad earnings, reflecting the
really heavy actual . movement into consump
tion, maintain their old gains. Relatively the
most quiet and leant «a.tisfactory conditions
rule in the primnry textile markets of th?
East, reflecting the backward state of next
spring's business. Corn crop advices are
viewed as rather better because of the ending
of the late dry hot spell at-the West. Cotton
crop conditions are still, however, only par
tially defined and leading State authorities are
quoted as predicting a short crop. The stead
iness of staple prices is a feature- in the pres
ent quietness of trade.
Among the metals copper is firm -on 'the com
bination, while tin is lower after a little spurt;
In the^volume of business doing the Iron trade
compares favorably with recent weeks, and
months and the tone of trade is certainly more
cheerful than nt nnv time ulnM Ihe hi-enlr laar
LOCAL MARKETS.
Xcu> York Stock Market.
¦ XEW YOP.K, Aug. SI.— Except for Eoir.e
rather activt- relling of Pupar and People's Gas
th>re was n<"=t a. particle of animation in to
daj'F stock markft. The Fjmpathetic effect of
th»- v>.aU:>rs* .if ihe.se two Kprcidliies wiped
cut ih- tir<r.ing pains in some of the
raiiroad stuclis. A^ain a.t the c'.ose th«>re was
•efficient <i.ir.and from the nhort "Interest
which was avtrst to J^-avin^ contracts uncov
ered over the three days' holiday to stiffen
the iiicfs of tone of the railroads, but the
K«-n<-ral tone was easy, owing to a late drivf
*L£rair:st l'«-onle'» Cas. Axonf thusp to show
notable Crmn«rs were Southern Pacific, New
York Central anJ Baltimore and Ohio. The
v .-; ksesa of People** Gas gave a striking illus
tration of the lack of eo!is:su-ni:v in ihe minds
of professional oj-eraiors. The other day this
etock alvati'.id on thfc report that a newly or
ganrz'-l occipany in Chicago was in control
of the interests friendly to People*! (Jas. The
I rof-sJional intellignKe- by to-fJuy had arrived
&t the <ijr.clusion that the formation <jf this
Irlendlj' somnany must In- tbe signal for war
ui>o!i tbp Ogd*n Gas Comjiany, the rival of the
lVo^le'*. Tfce stock vas accordingly sold in
-duetrtoufly at an «?xixnse of i"'ic in its price.
The niovermTit In Sugar was a}*>ui. equally in
<Ir«:er-dent cf th^ noas of the day. and wa«
/.{•inrpntiy <Jue to itralizing or. the advance of
tbe rctineU prod net which was made yesterday.
Tl» i>art takon by the profesftdnx] clnr:i. i nt was
lisust-d on a scrutiny of the aouroe of orders in
th* stork, and "h«n th<- tra-.!. r>: thought they
c.iuid tracts s.-llii:g orCers to ir:>=! 1« sources their
trmlVed on and Bold. Tobacco an-1 Brooklyn
Transit were a-eafc during th» morning, but
t :.—.!>¦ recover*^ later in the day. Chicago
Terminal iirtf <»rrf <1 lo>«t 2^ t . Union Bag pre-
J< :T<-d 1% am! National Su-el proft-rr^J ]V t .
Money markfi eonditJont. corisisting of an
casir^ of the London discount rate and the
(tfutalae o! s. stiong bank statement to-morrow
V.cre Ifttored.
T'tf i.-o:;<i natket was barren of incident. To
iu 1 . rale*. i>ar raise. KS.O0S. United Bta t es olJ
«.< -5oc!ir:<-<J ht In the bii price.
WEEK'S REVIEW OF THE MARKET.
Speculation ha* maintalnod its indifferent
tone in Wall ftrett this week. About midweek
tin-IP was a- stiffen! nj£ of the market and aa
ftppCASB&CB of awalctneJ interest, but it proved
to he iluf to nothing morf than a recovering
cl> :r.ii.r,d 'rorri the t;hort«. The determine! ab-
Ftui.-r.ee cf cai-ital from taking any part in
ftock ow-rationa causes r,ome gloomy forebod
incs en ,r.e i. v .~ ;'icf<">*ional tra'iors that the
ZKbHa latcrest in th«? unlirtM securiti*^ lias
Ixrtn penrjinently irr.^air«i. There Is no doubt
that the jrttqteuta issafa of new capital last
year, the methods ••mjiloyed to push up prices
of Koine of th<? tent industrials to enable pro
moters to realize hanfls-omely and the subsc—
cu^nt coi:ai>«. of thotc stocks made a costly
cxperteaoe for a ".ar%o Fpecu'atlv<> contingent
fcnd impaired th» confidence cf t!;^ jjonorat jiub-
Uns in tb«- va!ut-«s of nccurities. However, it is
obviously onlj- a <juestio:i cf time when the
inTemrat of capital \.hii-li hsis b«en large in
the prosperous period of the last Tew years,
rnu-^t eeck a flsture in high class eecuritles.
O-A-ir^r to the present disparity of money rates
fcere and abroad and the eor.tinuing foreign de
!...-;;.: lor our merchandise products, there is
ar: oJ»stacJe to the settlement of the Interna
tiona! trade t;a'cnce ia s,o'A. In fact, the ten
dency is to ftill further extend the foreign
credits by exports of gold as a purchased com-
Kiodiir to cover the reserve requirement* of
NEW YORK, Aug.: 31.— FLOUR— Receipts.
2S.823 barrels;:: exports, .15,766 ;' barrels; ; sales,
E5J0 packages; less active owing to break. in
grain. ¦ ; ;- •.:. ;•; '.".'¦/ .-•' -' : .
WHEAT- Receipts, 107,573 bushels; • no ex-.'.
ports; :.sales r 3.475.000 bushela- futures; »pot,
:wcak; No;.-2 rjea,.SO*ic I. a b> afloat;NQ. 2 red.
"S^ic elevator ;"¦ No. 1 Northerh: tJuluth, S3?ic f.
o. b. afloat: Xo. 1 hard Duluth,.- 87c t. o. b.
anoat. Oprions steady.-.-but drifted into weak
ness that lasted all day, -the close being %@%o
net lower. Selling was.' influenced by absence
of rains In the Northwist, lower cables,,wpak
ness at St. Louis and Minneapolis; May closed
at 83%c; September. 79%@S0 l-16c, closed at
. 79',4c; October,; 79%@80%C, closed at 79*ic; De
cember, SI 3-Hi@S2',-4c, closed at 811&C. - '
HOPS— Quiet. • ./-¦- .¦¦'¦''.
HIDES-Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 Invoice, 8%e;
mild,. <;uifit; Cordova, 9-%@14c. Futures closed
steady./ 105/15 ipoints net lower; total sales,
¦1825 bags, including September, $7 30; October,
$7. 35; November, *7 45; December, $7 60@7 55;
March, J7 6r,4i7 70; May. $7 75(g'7 SO.
••SUGAR— Raw, "firm; fair refining. 4Hc: cen
trifugal, % test, 4%c; molaEses sugar,. 4c; re
flned. firm. : :
BUTTER— Receipts, 3379 packages; barely
steady; crpamery, lS®22c; factory. 14@lVc.
EGGS— Receipts, 7610 packages; firm; Western
regular packed, at mark, lO^lS'/fcc; Western,
loss off, 16H<ffl7%c.
: DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled
rather quiet, but about steady at unchanged
prices. State common, 3® 5c; prime, 4? i @5V4c;
choice. B54©6c; fancy. 5%©"c.
California dried fruits ruled quiet; prunes
were quoted at S's^'c per pound, as to alze and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, lltfrMc; Moorpark, 15<??17c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
"New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 31.— The iron and steel
markets were weak . and unsettled. Business
was dull all around. Copper in London waa
3s 6d higher, but dull and unchanged at $16 62^
here. Tin advanced some 35 to 50 points In
the local market in sympathy, with a rise of
£1 5» abroad and closed firmer in tone at
131 S0@32 Co. Lead ruled dull at. $4 37^ and
spelter was w?ak owing to easier cables, clos
ing weak at : ?4 07V*<& 4. 12'2- The brokers' price
for, lead was $4 and for copper $16 75. '.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Butter Is cheaper, - : Eggs and Chiese show.no
further change. = -"'. jj-yvV/.;:.- ' ..; •¦; •.-.-.¦;
Meats are ai before quoted. Poultry contin
ues cheap and plentiful. The season, for Mj>un'
tain Quail begins to-day. ¦'. ' ¦
There i3 nothing new in Fruits and/Vege-.
tables, both being plentiful and ch.eap. ' /.
Coal, per tun —
Cannel % nn OOlSouthfleTd
"^¦ellington .. @U CO; Wellington Sll 0«>
Seattle 9 CO® Coos Bay..... 3 • JJ
Dairy I*roduce, ete. —
Eutter, per Sfir...4*ti^)iRaneh Eg-g?. per
Do. per roll A?iQ<z\ dozen 2Z3")
Cheese, Cal 12'gi.il Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. .17«?2O ( pound V@~.l
Cheese, Swiss 'ZOTiT, Do, extract:d...li>J/'U
C °MeX Jer K3 l"b^'~^ : °
Bacon 131717 Perk, salt IB?!".
Beef, choice 15^23 Pork Chops 13«H
Do good lOlQrniltooBd Pteak lOirflj
Corned Beef — ©10 Sirloin ?teak 13«—
Ham. Eastern BOITtPwrterfcons* do...2'J'rj_»
Lard — «13 Pmr.ked Beef — 4i 1>
Mutton 1P';j12 P-rk Sausages.. 12^4' '2^
Spring Lamb 12':/ 1." Veal — HI*
Poultry and Game-
Hens, ench 50^65 Ducks, each.......5fSfi')
Young Roosters, C.eese. each.. .11 w>©1 ,j
each 1<M~ Pisreons. par *o® ,0
Old Roosters. ea.-W^ Rabbits, pair 40^>
Frjers. each mf*' "are. each.......^— *?T»
Broilers, each 30 : ii41 Doves, per Us.SocSli 00
Turkeys, per lb...l3#2O
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, per IbAC©— | Lime*, per dox...l.T^-
Apples 4fJ 3 ; Lemons, doz 1>3—
Bananas dozen. ..!¦«:•)! Nectarines, per lb 4-«> 9
Blackberries. <5r. . 25 £i!>j Plums, per lb^.... 4« 3
I Crabapple?. per lb 4W 5 j Quinces, per lb... 4mi >
Cantaloup?-, each 3*tl." Ralai'is. v*>r lj>---
: Figs, per lb 51S S Raspberries. .dr...3o? W
Grapes, per lb.... «B S. Peacne*. per lb... *u ¦>
Watermelons. ei.XyK. Strawberries. P""\
Nutmeg Melons, drawer .._... ...2CC4a
each — fj> 5 Walnuts, per lb..li>if—
Oranges, doz — 0 — ¦
Vegetables-
Artichokes. doz...;<V7Io-i;OnIor», P««" I*—- iW s
Beets, doz 12915:Okra. gr»en pr lb.10312
Beans, white. Ib.. Efl 6 Peppers, preen, lb S«: >
Colored, per lb. 4© 3 Potatoes, per !b.. 3f? >
Lima, per »>....—© S Sweet Potatoes... 4^ .»
Cabbage, each.... 51?l0, Parsnips, per dcz.loW—
Cauliflowers, each 5W10; Ilatlitfhes. 2 bchs 1 .(Vff!2
Celery, bunch ."1?— : fage , doz bnchs..2;U^">
Cress doz bnchs. 2IV7725: String Deins. lb.. 5-3 8
Cucumbers, pr dz.KK?— Summer Squash.
Egg Plant, lb S3»l per lb *Qr9
Oreen Corn, floz.-l^ffCO: Thyme, per HK^T'.SMhO
Green Peas, lb 3'fr S Turnip?, per tfo8.1 n/ S»3
Lettuce, per doi.lOtt — i Tomatoes, pex lb. (8 *
Fish-
Barracuda 12W— iSha.-l i:V?—
Carp S«10'Sea Bass —^fl*
Codfish IZn— 'Smelts i:«—
Flounders SQlOj Solt»3 10<T —
Halibut 10«i — '¦ Pkates. each *V-~
Kinrtsh 9Ti— iTomcod -4?W
Mackerel i:«— IClama. gallon SCt?—
Do. Horse \2V~Q— ! Do hardshell. 16 W*—
Perch 10®12, Crabs each 12'««—
Pomptno 90-f? — Do softshell. dx~*>'>t—
Rr.<-kfl*h — (<i\n Musselsi, fjuart.... EfW
Salmon, fresh lf>S2<> Oysters. Cal. 100.. 4'^^
Do, smoked — £13 Do Eastern, doz'Jj'S- 1 '''
Shrimps 8@10
. Aug.' 3L— Sradstreet's Fiijan
cfal Review to-morrow will •: iay : While - the
ppeculatiye : stoclc market. ahpVs the : ut't?> :-ab-'
eqnee ; of .-publ.iti ' interest, ' It 'al'i^/pntjJSitUi fur- .
tr:er eiidence.'of a scarcity fof .floating supplies
of securities . ana of .£ decided, indisposition to
decline^ under pressure;; from /bear -->perators.
The volume Of business Is .still : very small and
¦was further restricted 1 thlii. week by .the. fait
that the Stock Exchange holiday meiiides 1 to
day as .well as Monday. It is, howWver no
ticed that this fact led to some evening up of
contract!! by the traders and that the sho-t
coverings from such sources probably exceeded
the selling of long stock. At any rate the
market, after showing a rttber weak tone en
last Monday and relapsing into total dullness
on.:Tuesday, was on the whole steady to strong
oti; ; .Wednesday., and Thursday, but showed a :
heavy; tendency with decided dullness on Fri
day. The Chinese complications have appar
ently .passed : into the background, although
bottv London' and our own speculative markets
fere; watching the attitude'.- of the powers to
ward : each other with close attention. The in
fluences in this -connection at the end of the
week were, :. however, considered as more fa
vorable. London, however, is also very dull
an<J its dealings , on the New York, market were
on a trlfilgiff '.abate, its purchases being a. little
larger than its sales. The easing of London 1 '*
money rat eS;/ caused by the receipts within a
fortnight of $20,000,000 in gold by' the Rank df
England; has been checked by the bank, whicji
seems 'to be taking funds from the open mar
ket to prevent, an undue decline and a'with
drqiwal of -- specie to the Continent. ; The harden
ing of discoap.t there Has b»-en held to. indi
cate that further gold shipments may be made
from this side. This did not apparently pro
duce any impression oh the. stock market and
< money continues too easy to cause any serious
, misgivings on this «core. : .Domestic politics
have certainly retained/ more earnest : attention
this week on the. part of tho street. There has
; been much discussion as to the chances that
the: progress of the Presidential contest may he
: attended by a brf-ak in prices.' It is also recog
nized that the. holding aloof of the public from
' the market is in part due to a feeling of this
kind, or, as some put it, to a tendency on
the port of capital to wait for such a decline
: in order to acquire stocks on favorable terms.
../CHICAGO, ¦¦: Aug.- \-.. Zi:— Porter/ Brothers. Com^
¦Rany ;^sold_V-Ca-lif6>iila : ---frtlt\'t^aiY-\a8'''--fotlp^s;
Pears r --Bartlett,:.f ; 3cf ?1 75 per bos .ahd: : .60c<5l.l05.
per, half box : Hour/re Clairgeau/ jl 15 per; box ;.
Summer . Sickles,. ¦. SOc. . t>rapes r ; r Tr'-ka>%' -$1 6Z@
2 25. per Finple crat.p.;' ClustPrp, =2.2.".'ii;2. 30:; Miis
cat,:: $1 ; 6(Vfi i €0; ¦ assorted, J l':'.!'".Ti 2 35. /¦.Prunes-^
Ilurigarian,/ fl O.'.r'i;? 1 '-!; .reaches^Late. -.Craw'- :
ford. 60?f SQc per box. • Plums— Kj?i8ey,S0c@$l- 30
ppr. single/ crate;- t'oliimbia, 'SdC. '. ¦"-.. .'-.-: -. ¦¦.-.-'. '¦ : :¦'..
.- NeSv YORK. Auk. 31.^1'orterj Bif others Corn*
pany sold /California, .fruit to-day .as . follows:
Pears-^Bartlett, . -$1 5o.'fi2 45' per;, box; "¦' Beurre
Hardy., :$13i%L-3T); Belirre .Clalrgeau;' .|l-B0^1- 55;
Summer- Sickles; S5c per^half -box'. ¦•¦ . PrunesH-
Gros. • '60c-. •¦ per.- .'.single.-.'- crate; Silver; •.45@70c
Orapes— Tokay, •¦¦$t ; S0g2 05 -per . single /crate.
t»luni*=rK*l?ey..:85c per' sincle crate... .. :/¦ ': ¦
,NE\\:- YORK.- -Auk. 31. -r-Earl -Fruit: Company'
sales of California fruH: : ' Grapes— Tpkays r /$1.53
©2 15 single crktes. Pears— Beurre Hardy,-..$1 10
@1 4.5. box; Bartletts,. $1 50@2 40. .Peaches—Sal
ways, ?5c«t$l 10.. box: Albright Cling-,: average $1;
Orange. Cling,. 90c-g$l;S;usouehanna;.-..8yc<g$l 25.
.Pluma-lrKelse.y- 'Japans, 75c{7f3 .; single.- -crates.;
Diamond, 63Q90C. ¦•' Prunes-r-G.rds,- 35c(S$1.10 sln
glocratesV Silvcr^'-SOc^ll- 10; Germans, 20CSH;
Fallehberg; ¦ '.45©S0c : -Italians, ; p@iac<; -Nine
ears fruit- sold -to-day. .: ¦';'¦';¦}'<':'¦'¦ •': ¦' "• '
CHICAGO, Aae. .31.— Earl I Fruit .Company
sales., of. California- fruit: Pears— Bartletts,
$1 30<3".l 75" box; Plums, Robe, de Sargent r -60ip!
73c slrigle- crates. . . 'Prunes— Germans, •• 45gS5c
'slr-slo'-" crates ;. Silver. 60S83C.:' .-Thirteen, cars
Iruit sold. / .' ; ¦.¦'.-..• v •"; . ..'¦ " • '•.•:;-
LONDON,' • Aue. 31.--i.Earl Fruit •• Company
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, 80#
98c t two-fifth boxes..- Plums— Eureka, average
$1 32 single. crates; Kelsey Japans, Jl 80@2-4iJ;
Magnum Bonum^ 84c@$l 30. Prunes— Silver, 90c
tffl -.32 single crates;. Gros, 25c@$l 14. ;.;.•; ;. .>;
Chicago Livestock Market.
CinCAGO. Aug. . 31.— CATTLE— Reeipts, 2000;
Including . 600; ; ¦¦Westerns ..and ICO Texass; gen
erally steady; Western rangers strong;- natives,
good '¦' to prime steers, $5 65®6 10; poor ' to
mediunr, $4 60^5 60; - telected ¦ feeders, firm at
J45&H 75; mixed stackers, slow at f 3'25@3 SO;
cows, $2 SO® 4 50; heifers. $3@5: canners. ¦ $2ip
2 70; bulls, i2 60@4 GO; calves, :$3(J?S; Texas fed
steers, $4 2ii£i5; grass steers, : J3 25@4 20;. bulls,
$2 -50®3..40.:" . / . ." ¦ ' ",' ¦¦=:•¦ '¦¦:¦¦ ¦'¦'¦"¦ - ! ';-:
¦ HOGSv-Receipta, 15,000;'to-morro.w., 14.000. / esr
timated;;' left-over. 2500; good, heavy;' S>Ac to: 5c
higher; : others steady; top;: $3 45; . mixed and
butchers, $4 95^5 40; good to' choice heavy, ¦ $5@
5 40; trough heavy. $4 80^ 4: 95; light, $G 0o@5 45;
bulk of sales, $3 10@5 30. ; ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦ -'•¦-•• :
:• SHEEP— Receipts, 7000; weak; lambs : mostly
10c lower; . good to choice wethers. $3 €0<g : 3 8a:
fair to choice mixed, $3.40@3 65; Western sheep.
J3 45@3 80; ¦ Texas sheep. $2 50@3 40; native
lambs, H 25@5 75; Western lambs, ?4©5 75. .
¦New ¦. York Cotton Market.
.;. NEW YORK, Aug. 31.— Futures for cotton
iperied 1 to 5 points higher on strong cables',
but ruled exceptionally quiet with subsequent
variations generally confined to a narrow range.
The exception was September, which inherited
special strength from the August/deal and ad
vanced -11 points, subsequently . losing 3 points
of this gain. The latest crop intelligence was
particularly bearish this afternoon and the
market here closed barely steady at a net ad
vance of 1 point to a decline of 2 points. Sep
tember excepted, advancing 11 points. , . •
Portland's Business.
; PORTLAND, Aug. 31.— aearings, $239,399;
balances. J34.636. . ¦ : ..;:-;:'.; '.";¦.¦:
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON"
WASHINGTON"
PORTLAND. Aug. 31.— WHEAT— Steady at
56@f7c for Walla Walla, 57c for Valley, C0®6j)c
for Bluestem. , ¦:
TACCMA. Aug. 31.— Wheat half a cent lower,
Bluestem, 59o; Club. S6c, both for export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON*. Aug. 31.— Consols, 9S 7-18; silver.
2S 7-lCd; French rentes, lOlf 6c; -wheat cargoes
on passage, rather easier; Xo. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 31s Cd;. Walla Walla. 293 9d; English
country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL,. Aug. SI.— "Wheat, quiet: No. 1
standard California, 6s 4V4diff6s Sd; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, quiet; French coun
try mfl rKPts, sip3.(j^» ~.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 23-32d.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. •¦ 2 red Western,
6a Hd; No. 1 Northern uprtnir. 6s 3'/-:d; No. 1
California, fis 4Vt:diff 0s 5d. Futures," steady:
September. 6s %d: December. 6s 2MA.
COUN — Spot, steady; American mixed new,
4s 5U; £0 old, 4s 2Vfcd. Futures, quiet; Septem
ber, 4s l%d; October, 4s l&d; November, 4a
l'id.
m
¦ ¦¦: - : , '-- : -/// LIVERPOOI* ¦: -¦' : . • •- •:. :V- -
/.Wheat ¦/^:.;.-' v - : z : .-.; ¦¦::.- ¦'¦¦' ¦ Sept. ¦¦'. '-.nee;-
Opening :.:... :;:.. ;-.....;..... .i.ii. 6 44 • =-- ' - 6 2VJ
Closing..?. .:. ;¦..-;.. . ..... .-•;-:=;¦ . ,i . .y.:Q. : ¦ f fyfi- ¦¦¦¦¦'¦ { ,¦..%¦%%<,
PARI3.
: -¦¦:¦-- -'. - -v: : :--;:. -..,;¦;. v.-.-Augr.; -.-N'bvi-Feb/-.
Opening V i ...;. i> '...v i . J ..iv:i.U::19 8»- '; .V 21 05- • •'-¦
;Ciosirigw; ;.„.;;.> :.:,,... ........:. 19 70:;,- ¦; \2i 10 ., /'
¦';¦ FlcuiVr 'l..t' "¦':':':¦' '/' - : /• -. ¦: ~ .: '¦' " "'¦'¦- -•:" >¦ '¦¦ < ¦'
Opening : ¦ .V^ .-. '. \vA ,':'. .. iyj\ .v;i --'• 25 .45 ¦'. ;¦ •'• -;'2t 35: ¦¦
: Closing ;;i; > .;-.;^;.. v U,>>-:y.;'..:;.;;25-4d,' : ';V : : .27\30: ..;'.
Charters.
The George Thompson loads: lTjaiber frorh
Port Elakeley to/West: Coast.,.' -owners account; '-:
the ManauGT.se, coal freni .Cornpx. . 3. ¦.C.'.tp. I
Skajjuay; the Olga,' redwood from Eureka tp : -
Sydney; the Qaic Rrajicb./ wheat from. Pprtland. .
end part cargo ;rom San »ancisco to : ihree ¦
porta In China, and not aus previously reported;
the R.osami.ir.d. rr.erchaniiise.-. to /Honolulu; the '
Ilutti B. Godfrey, lumber ;bn Pugei Sound. for ]
V'elcanim, Cls Sd; the. W. Ii-' DirnonO.' mer- :
cticndlse to Honolulu: the-WJUiam vH./Kmlth.-:
lumber rro:r. Pucet Sound "ta a/difect port,.
Xts&Qua. llar.se, €ls Sd, prior to arrival.: -. ' ¦•
Wheat and Barley- Shipment.}:':)
Th« British Fhip Kir.ross-shlre cleared 'yes- :
terday from Hal!. England, with; £1.619 'oils
tariey, value |54,<X»:'/2J.€29 ctl? .wheat, "lvalue ..
I2S.800. and S0.O00 ft lumber.' 4unRage... value \
*Ju0. Tctai value. I7S.100; ..: . /./;'; [Z .. . ¦'•' '::';{: ;.|
Produce Exchange Sales. 7; i
Produce Exchange call gales In Aurust were
llC.fiX 1 t'.ns wheat and 15,000 tons i>arl.ey, zmak-:
inir total saJ'-s for the first two months. -of th«. 1
cr.'.p \k*x of yrf.WII tons wheat and 29; 900 tons
barley. . - : .' ¦-..;- ;, ; ."; •'¦::-•".;
August Bank Clearings. _"
I>oca! bark cler.rinfrs in Aufetist Were- JS7.91?.-
CS2. acain^l |S1^N.7N ia Augurt, 1S?9. For (he.
f.r?t fight" months of the year they are--$6:S5,<i9i;
'.?.. agalr-it SC^T,c.&o,^C* during the. sahie time
la^t year. ¦..: ¦:¦'¦ .-. .- ;. .•."•'. ...' -
Imports of Staple Groceries.
Irr.r>ort5 of Maple groceries et ' .this port ; fiur
lnjr the $;rs=t reven months of. Jhe year' 'were
cs follows, compared with the-:«me- time in
iS3»: Sugai- 12?.S'74.<'<}0 lbs. valued at ;;$5,«27.4.'»0,
atair.st 2J"./n.fi00 lbs at $7,311,273; coffee^ 86,829,-1
K00 lbs, K'.ued nt t2.223.GG0, against 3.647.408
lbs at .iUS.120: toa. 4.C1S.4I7 lbs ¦ at $C24..S34.
<.*ai:;« tOSl.WM lbs at ttt.540: ' rice.""2S.«K5.-000
lbs c $;s^.t.'.'4. against 41.741.&00 lbs ..at ISC2.572-
Wcathcr Report.
flTOth MTidian— Puciflc Tiine,>'-..
6AX FRAXCISCO. Aug. 31, 5 p. ra.
Th* following ir-axirnura t<'mperatt:res wers
reported frora atatiens in California to-day:
Pureka C2 Red P.luC .........l'.O
Mount Tair.aJraJs... 71 :.... So
Independent T< 5an isaSa Obispo "A
Frr^ao SS i^n JJK-g-o ~v
hns Angeles 7i
FranoiE-j data— Maximum temperature,
f?: mininmn. T€: mnc, 62.
V.'KATHER COXPITIONP AXD GEXEIUL
FORECAST.
The pr*sn:re has r!5»:i rapidly ivpr Wash
lrsrtcn and Xorthern Oregon. It tas ai?3 risen
over th-? vuljey r.f *b<- Colorado. An ere* o'
low prcj--5ure overiip* Pcuthtrra California and
conditions ere favorable far cloudy, unsettled
\k father along the Si^iras. . .
The temjvrature has Gallon ever 1'tah, Ar!
zoni and Eastern CeluTomilL In the raisin;
drying cirtricts the issiiK-raiur* continues
about U dr-ere*^ Ix-lcw the nonaaL Warm
veather provail? in the northern portion ol
the Eaxruaento Valley and there »n ia.iica
tior.* of a nwderate norther Saturday ai:d Sun
day. • :
Xo raia lias fali^n on the PauciSc !?'.or~J except
frorr. tbe mouth o: the Columbia liiver north
ward.
Forecaft i^ade at San Krancl£:o for thirty
b<-'urs cr.fiing raLinight, Srjitcniber 1. lS'X).
Northern California— Cloudy Saturday and
threatening in wmxOxenk- portion, fair in north
«rn portico; v.armer in Uie \TiJleys; fresii north
erly w inds. ¦ • '•' -
Soutb-rn CeJifornla— Cloudy and unsettled
Ti^atber Saturday; vrartner In the interior;
Irfsh Bscthwestorly -winds.
Vtah— -Cl'-Jdy. 'v.-arn:er Satnrfiay.
Arizona— Cloudy t-:att:rday.
San FranciBCo and vk-inity— Cloudy Satunlaj-;
fretii westerly wir.<is. with fog.
ALLXAXUER G. McADIE.
Forecast OUiciaL
¦ ?
preat for»lgn banks. As foreignere' needs for
our products, continue greater than ours for
theirs, and our production of cold makes us at
th« same -time the' available source of supply
for that metal, there is felt the pressure of
special inducement to American creditors to re
frain from calling homo their foreign balances.
It is conildered inevitable; that China must
;lace a larce loan to 'meet demands for war
indemnity and American i-apital is expected
to absorb a oortlon Of Fuch loan. :.- The home
¦wi'rd cours<vfrom Europe of .Several men influ
enttai in past stock market movements: arousp.r
hopes /anioiiK rroffsplohal oporators ' that ¦ the
market, ras to throw off its: iethargy, but : lt
was iiot realized. ¦ ¦ ' ". • • : - '•'¦ -..'.'-.'-'
: The t-ond market has- been practically par
alyy.fd. with the exception of occasional de
mand for, ..individual bonds.' U. S. refunding .23. |
when Issued, and old 4s 'Inclined !f In the bid i
prices ..The. new. 4s advanced per cent. ;. ; ' -.. j
:.'/ {//:-;. NEW YORK: STOck LIST.// ' : - / • ' --J
Shares-. ¦'::'¦.¦: ¦;¦ .-.-/¦¦.:-¦¦ ..-.¦¦¦.. : ¦ Cloeing
¦Bold. .-' Ptocks-i ' '. .•..¦¦'.¦•.¦•-¦¦. • ¦' ' Bid. I
o.i'ro Atchison :.......;~;.\..:......;a...:..:2Vi i
: ..5, r '4O Atcnison prefd -.:.¦..:.......¦..,.';;..;;.., 70%
.; . .370. Baltimore. & Ohio .'..V.;V.:. .'•,',: i:.--72:,.'.'J
..'......- .-JCanadiah: Pacific .. .;.;.-...., ...;...!.. S9
v. : . - : . . . :.Ci>h»rta Southern .-.¦:. .-,-. .........>. . . ...I&A: |
,....'.; Chffap-ake '&. Ohio '..:.... -,...'.......;. 27- j
¦ -1j0' Chicago Great Western : ."..: 11" j
¦ 2^019, Chicago.. : Hur & Quincy ../.:........ 124V,
...V.:.-. -'.Chicago; Ind & J^cui?ville.... ..;...:. 23^
- -. 300 Chirago, Ind & Louisville prefd.... 57^4. |
....:..: Chicago & East .Illinois.:.. ........... XfiU-
i fr ',i.. Chicago '& Xi-Ttliwestern ...... ......i'32 ¦
• : - r,Si> . Chi, Rock Ixland & Pacific... :..../. 10t>&"
. : . ¦¦¦272 CO C * St Louis ...^.. ...... 57%,. f
...::.. C-'ilfTadb Southern .:......... 6. |
./....„/ t'.oiarado Southern 1st prafd:. '.';--> ....<¦ -41": .j
:.;..„: xSiJoraiio Southern 2d p#"fd... .;'..... is : '¦:
....;,. l>eto ware & Hudson '....'......... — 111%
...;.:..<¦ l)f!anT..!-.\:I^ack & Western. ........1T6 1 5 ;
...;/.. penvt-r & Rio (rranJ^.. — 1S\
.- -lienver 6: itio Grande prefd..-. 66 s j, ]
.....:. /Erie .-.I'... -.: i .;-'. .:......;: .:.... i(Hi |
.;.>.;.".' Erie l*t rirefd v. S3%1
. ... . : . :• H r »a t Xort hern jjref d 152^1 J
'...;... Hockins- Coal ......................... 15 j
.'.,;... Hoc-King.':Valley V 34 .
, .V'f Illinois -'-'C-etitral :,V.116>4 i
. 600y lOKD.- Central. 18V]
'....;.;. I,mi,^Central prefd.: ..:. 54Vi I
... . '¦. . »•• Lake ¦'. Erie &: West em .......... ..... ;-. . 27»s .j
.::..:. Kike Erie &' 'AVestern prefd.. S3 ,
....... i-ake Shore 20U
.' -iro -I>3ui!=vin^ &- Xashville .........;...! 71Vi
' .S15 Xlanhattan L :......,.: ¦ fl^ ¦'.
¦¦ ¦¦" COO "¦•Metrorolitan Street Ra.ilwa.y Io3^
: 100 Mexican Central -. US.
100 •' Minn & St Louis .:: 55 ¦
¦¦¦-100 Minn i-Pt l»uis prefd..... :;M% J
• 400 Mi-souri . Pacific .-. ,. .60%.-
.....<.- Mobile. Sz : Ohio ..,...; .'..37: :J
........ Missouri. Kans & Texas.... ' 9 -» V
».„:..¦ Ml?EOuri, Kans & Texas prefd...... 30Vj
•¦ •- 1D0 -Xew. Jer«ey Central. ,..J34te
,145 New York Central .....120
. ¦:-'¦ 1C-0. X-crfolk & Western 34% !
/. ....... XOr:' 61k & Western prefd.. ..74V!
: 2.110-' Noi-thern Pac'.lic. ......;. .-.: ...B014_
a* f Northern l'aclnc prefd/. ..,~ 71^
l.VH Ontario & Western .-...i. ..•.":.»:.'.. 21»4
....... «frri»on Railway &. Xav....: 42
.....'.. Oregon liailway- & Xav prefd.:.-... 7«
:4,SD0 Ienn5jivania ........12S t 4
135 Reading ;... 10",
- -&<^0 Reading 1st rrefJ .....: -57^ I
.400 Reading. 2d prefd 27^ :
....... Rio. Grande Western 54 /
;. Rio Grande Western prefd .:..:. SS V- [
Bt:Louil 4 Pan Fran 9%/j
... £t -Louis & Kan Fra» 1st prefd. ¦. 67- ;
.....:. Ft I^cui3 fc ?^n Fran 2d prefd 1: 33^ |
SC9 Pt LoUis. Southwestern .i.wV «i 12 Ti » •
1,100 St. LooiB, Southwestern prefd.... .. £D*g..-;
1.33): St Paul :..-.;:m?%.\
... St Paul orefd .......173 :
St Paul & Omalia 112
2,820 ¦ FoBthem Paciflc .......33"* ¦]
100 Southern Railway ......,..:.'.> 71/ ;,
Southern Railway prefd T.3 fj
....... Tfiuii Sz Pacific : Ji i. 14H 1
4.775 Union Paciflc , 59 1 * ..
l.Oi-0 I'r.ion Pacific rrefJ » 7S V= j
Wabash .•-? T
....... Wabafh prefd ..:.:................,... IMl ]
Wheeling & WE" ¦• •'• : -- - s % •
... AVhceline & L K 2d prefd.. ..:..-,.... 23*4 j
....... "Wisconsin Central iS'A'
100 Third Avenue. .,;.,. ...:.,.. .110
Express companies — - - . .' . "
Adams .........,i ............121
.American .........;... .154
Vnited States '... .'.. 43..
....... AWHs-Fargo ...;*... ...,.....,,. .-123
M:s<*ellaneoufl — > • ' • ¦ "; •' '
American Cotton Oil 22%
American Cotton Oil rrefd .......,; : . 8S%
American Maltlc? 4"^
American Maltins rrefd '...".. 2*-."
900 American Hmeltirc & Refln .;,... 3fiV4
....... American Smelting & Refln prefd.. SS%
American Spirits V%
... American Spirits prefd 17 ¦
4'K> American Pteel Hoop :..:. 20 . ,
2.V) American Ktefl Hoof j>ref|3. ......... K7
6.379 American Fteel & \\ r lre &V t
220 American Steel & Wire prefd 74Vi
1,470 American Tin Plate ..:. 29>i
lf"0 American Tir Plate rrefd 79 :
1,000 American Tobacco S3^i
Amoriran Tobacco rrefd .......... ..12S
200 Anaconda Mining Co «. 47>i
1.111 Brooklyn Rar>i<l Transit ..5'>V&
Colorado Fuel & Iron 3J',»
1.900 Continental Tobax-co ...j ..^.2<!
....... '"cntinentfil Tobacco rrefd :.'7S
710 F^erai Steel S4>;
Federal S«tcel rrefd ;....i.'...V. Cti? 4
400 Oneral Klectrlc ..13$
* 200 Glucose Sugar .:. .,..51
Glucose i?ugar prefd „.... 9S
....... International Paper ...' 22 :
Jnternational Payer prefd ..;. 6S'/j-
I.aclede G?.s .....T.. 73
National r?i?rct::t Sl'i:
National Biscuit rrefd SS--:
100 Xaticnal Lead : 17
....... National Ivad prefd i>9
C(iO National Steel ...,,27
1C0 National Steel preM ...:. S. r ,'i
Xew York Air Rrake ..12S
North American 13
Pacific Coa.«t r«
Pacific Coast 1st rrefd ?j
I'aclnc Cnast 2d prefd 66
425 Paciflc Mail 30»' 2
20.230 People's Was ..03%
130 Pressed Steel Car 39^4
4C0 PreF?*d Pteel Car rrefd 7114
Pullman Palace Car 1SCH
Standard Rope & Twine 5%t
3S,1M> Sugar ;'j HS^j
* Bagar rref.l 116
8M Te»c«FM« Coal & Iron i>\
243 l*nit<yl State? leather \o%
Vfi T'nited States leather prefd 6S',i
14." I'nited States Rubber 2Sfi
United States Rubber prefd 94'
Western ITnton is»i
S2<) Republic Iron & Steel Co I2?i
t(>0 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... G4r«
.: PC C & St Louis 51
122,(00 Shares sold.
CLOSING BOXDS.
D S 2? ref. when i Do 4s 8314
iFFued rs« 10314'^ Y C lsts 108»i
no coupon ircj'.ilX J C ren 5s 122%i
U S 3« reg K'9 |X Pacific 3s 6:,H
!Jx> r.s coupon 11,1 Do 4? 104%
Do rew 4s jf.s...l33",i X Y C & St L 4s..lG6»;
On new 4? coup.-li-Pi X & W con 4s. 97^
. l^o eld 4s res 114^ Or Xav lsts 109
Do old 4s poup...lliv 0o 4g ]f>2^
!>¦> ti" reg ni»4jOr Short Line 6s. .128
Do 5s roupon lliMe! Do con 5s H2^4
D!yt of Co! 3.63s. ..122 iReadlns sen 4s..;. 87%
Atrhisor. pen 4s....U0Vi!R G W lsts 9S
£>o aij 4e 85HiSt L4IJI con Bs.lllU
Canada So 2<2s 109 fit I.i-SF gen 6a. 121
Chen A Ohio 4>i8..10r^ i.«?t Paul cons ie$U
15o 5f llSTilSt P C & P Ist8...118
Chi & N con 7s. ..133 j Do f.f> HS%
Dr. S F dob 5s. ..118 ;S Pacific 4s.-. 7S>4
Chicacro term 4b... fl2 Ifl Railway Ss lOSfi
Colorado So 4s K2 (stand R & T «s... 67
D &- R O lsts 102»i|Tex & Pac lsts. ...111%
Do 45 9S i Do 2ds 53
nrie gen 4s 69 |U Pacific 4s 1W£
F W ADC lsts... 72 iWabash Ists... 117
Gen Electric Ss....ll5 | Do 2ds 101
Iowa Cent lEts....H2'i West Shore 4s 111%
L, «.- K unl 4s 99 Vin Cent 4b KS'i
M K & T 2d! SS 5 * Va centuries „. ?9
EOSTOX STOCKS AXD BONDS.
Money— |Old Dt>minion 18U
Call loans 233 iRubber 29^i
Time loans 3^4^ :i"nion ¦ Paciflc...... CDr*
Stocks— West End S3^4
Atch T & St Fe... 25 Westinghse Elec... 46«A
Do prefd 1014 Bonds— ¦¦¦.¦¦¦
American Suffar...HS%: Atchlson 4s. 99H
Do prefd ll« |jc e Ga* & C £¦.. S4
XEW/.TORK,. Aug. '¦' 31.—The following .table,
compiled; by ; Bradstreet, Ehpws. the bank clear
ings at principal cities for the week ended Au^ !
gust 30, 1900. with the. percentage of increase i
and decrea»», as cpmparoi urith the corres
ponding week last : year: ¦:''•-, ¦'.:".¦;¦. ¦ ./ : - "¦.¦¦-,.¦¦/'¦'¦
¦¦.'¦ ;,:-. /¦¦": ; -. ¦.¦..,'¦/- Percentages:
Cities—/. -.....! -Amount.' --Ihc. : .Dec.
XeW York........... $630,152,054 ¦ .^.. 30.7
Boston............... .81,147.841. ./,... -31.9
Chicago -109.(122.571 .' ¦ 3.5 ...^
Philadelphia «.-,.,,. . 67,CS3,m ...V 13.7
St: Louis'......,...,,- : 25,S,V,177 ," • :2.«' .-..'..
Plttsburg ........... 25,729.118 ,:;¦¦ 28.6 - : - :" .... ¦"'
naltimore v.;.,...:. 15.495.390 // -Vvi. ..¦¦".¦/¦ 21.0
ten Francisco...... - 19.841.932 : , 11.5 . : , .¦.-.-
Cincinnati ........... : ' 12. 774. WO. . 5.5 ....
Kansas City;........ . le.oyo.f'TO 23.0 .....
New Orleans...;.....: . : ':u.43S,750/./ .' ' '. 7;4 : ,; ¦'¦..¦-' ¦¦.;;;¦¦
Minneapolis -:.¦:., ... i * . ' '.' . / . '91 277 ; S1>S ' :' ' • * .14.0 '¦'."¦ '-' i'. : .. : .'
Detroit .vU :»..*..'. i...- 6.61S.S24 •¦ ¦'¦ ¦¦¦3.5-'-- ; ¦-'.•.-.¦,'',
Cleveland .:.„;...„ : -5.S3o.3C3- v/'Liv-. ¦'.¦;-': 2.9
Louisvilie.v ;....¦...¦/.' 5, S"1.7O>,- ¦:.... ' 17.1
Providence .,...;...,:' 4, 52O.4CK).- ¦..'::.. ... ', ¦:.i4.3 '
Milwaukee ........;/ 5,l;4i3.512- .' 11.0 ¦''....
St; Paul.. 1 .:,.:...,.:. /.:'.¦ 3>4,7CS -/ : -^$.i ' :' : 'i.-.'."
Buffalo? ,:„¦.;¦;.. ..;../ -3,?37,979 -..,'. ¦".' ¦¦1.3
Omaha .............. . 5,C.'S,3S3 / ¦:/ .C. - ....-
InnianapOIis :.....,. 5. 610,442 : li.l ¦¦' '. /' ..v.'
Cr.lumlius, O. ....... .4,752,400. .7.0 ¦ ..v.
Savannah ...:......;. .' 2.?18;428- '*•* 299. /'.;..'
ivnver V,..,:-...:;;.« - ..3,6S1.15l;.. :7.5. : : ': : '',.'i.'.''
Hartford ..., ... /// 1.592.794. ...;', 13.8.
Richmond ....::.... '/2. 305.313 '¦¦:':.:..¦..¦ '21.9'
Memphis .......;:... : -1.3S7-.646-.-' - - 5.8
Washington .i;.;... 1,451,649 ; .... --.11.S
Peoria -..;.;..:....... . 1>CS,661 ' 9.1 : ;...
Rorhester'.;..;;.....r ; '-1.200,207/ '¦''¦ : : . ..-.¦¦'¦ ¦ 23.8
New Haven..,,...,. - 1,408,7461; .' ..i.' '¦¦ '; 3.2
Worcester; :,..v;.... -.. 'S7!«i320.'-- ...... 3.9
Atlanta ...'..'.-¦...¦„.'. ".-'.,¦ ftO7. ; 3t'7-. : .:....¦' . •'• 52.J?-
Salt I^ake -City .;..:;."- i.933,. r .14 ' ...;. ',.:. 21,1
Sprlrigfipld, Mass... / ; ¦ ffriMQ '¦ ' "¦ -'6.5 -. ' >.v.\
Fort Worth. .¦.•; : -:;.'.-..'.-."- : i.543,091 -':¦ <.;.:': : 11.9
. Portland,' Me ..:... '9n4.f-69: ¦: ....'¦ "?7.5'
Portland, Or.....-..'. .. 'l.G46,9r.4' ." 3.8 . ....
i=t,. Joseph............ ¦3.GT,6. ; 914 /. 16..9 • ' ;...'
Ix>s Angeles... ..:... . 1/C71.J4G--' . 9.9 '..;.
Xorfolk - ... .-„ . ..... , . ', •.;. S16,?65'.. ' '• 4/9 : ••'¦'• ¦-.¦.¦.'.¦
Syracuse ,..,:........-¦ " .'<;74.2:i ¦'•'--'::.. • '•; 10.6
I>es Moines......-.... i . '.= 1.77.0. 713'- "•/ 65,2 :. -' '....-
Nashville .-..V.j-.V. -.•,..•••¦ : 83S.038' :':..;.- 18,7
Wilmington, -Del...: ¦•-' 749.9:12/.'- '4.3/ ......
Fall River... ;..\'; ...'•.¦ : 469>50l .::.„:, :-. ti.l-
Bcranton :...¦.,'..,-.-. W : /¦ S8S r 217 '...' .,.'.:- -4.S
GranJ Rapids'.. : .:.v>. /¦.¦•'. S'ii.SSO •.¦•••" ; .-.;.:-V..-V : -1.2-
Augusta, Gal../.... •-¦• ' - «i1;fi,'7p4 ••"•;¦• .:. : ..'' ¦¦ 12.3
I^well:.;...;...;...-, t .. : -. .:¦':. 3S0.180.'. 4.9 - ;...
Dayton, U. .'.;.;:.....' ..'-;¦ 846,440 ¦¦ : .-4.1 '.-. C..v.
Seattle ..,-.:.. -.•-..... ..2,812,06'4-- ' "72:-9 '-' .'¦..;.--,
Tapoma' .......V...U' '- -SS2.179- ;• ' 7'.9 ¦¦•;;;.'
.Spokane: >:,...%......¦ l,0I7.530 : - -C.: .V . ' 9.8
Sioux Cit> - . ,/-..-....: ' ' ' S1S.852-' ¦-¦'• ¦:,.;. '- '..: f
Xew Bedford.;;.:.,. ' 215,635 : '¦"¦¦: ....-' ' 3S.6
Knoxvlile, Tenn;'... . • ' : 47S, 393 '.."•¦: 1.4 ; ; ' ..:.
Topc-ka ,>...-..::..-... '937,«52.'-. '.S3 .5- .'...,
Birmingham .^:..i.. :'• 765.4C5 .•'••. ¦¦'4V.V- "¦ ¦}...•'
Wichita ;;.';. .:.•.•;;•.-..' ;.; . C34.3G4 : : :5.1 ' - ; V..»
BihKhamton ;.;.. ..;.-./ ' 300,700 .' 15.8 ' ¦,¦'.•..'
L»exinKton.' Ky».' / '¦. 323.6S6 • ¦;...-.. ,.L;
Jacksonville, F3a.;. . v: 1.67.4J!?- . ...¦...' - 8.1
Kalarnazoo. ... : '»;. ..¦;."..,- -SSO.COO- • 15.7. '¦"....'*¦
Akron.....-.'...,..,... ¦ ¦ . 4C6.3G0-; '¦' 18.0 ¦' ; k:'..'.v
Chattanooga .;:;.;..• '¦¦.¦¦' 323.147/ " ' 20.7 . "' -...v
RockfOrd; Ilh. „.'>..' 228.141 .. 15.7 •• ...v
Canton. O.. ..,-•.-..-.•• • : 235;000 . .-'• 4.9 ¦ ¦ ' ¦ :.v.' :
Springfield, p..-.:,.. :• ¦ -261.664 . : -14.4 '.. i.V."
Fargo. ; X.. J),.....:.,- V - 2G3.90T . ' • 7.2 ' •."i.-^
fioux Falls, S.D.. ¦; ill.,411 ¦ " ZiJ ; ....
Hastings, Xebr.. ..'.'¦ ¦ 123.S73 . • .,:.-, • ¦¦¦i J
Fremont. Xebrli.... - ' ' 321.422 '¦: 10.0 "- . ii.i
Davenport ..... . • .'826.340 ' 3.5 . ' .
Toledo ....;. ..-.-. 3.257.704 "' : 19.4 • ¦ i:.^;,^'
Oalvcston •¦ 4,540,0|>0' ... ' ....:.• - ; 21 i ;
Houston .............. •- -. ;5,722;487/ ; .¦ -¦'....',':' '4- 8i5-
Helona .¦..¦..':..;.'....,•¦¦ 515,627 ¦':/'<....¦ 1-1
Youn^Ftown... ; ¦: • 347;737 • '41.6 . '¦ '..V,:
Evansvine ........... : :B64, 860'. " '." .'.ViV-'" ." ; 8^1
Maoon .... .>..... : fi-'l.WSO -. ; 33 7 7 ' '. /' '•¦•'.
Little Rock... .... '.. : :':"'!8J7.43J'V" ¦ -tf.T ¦:¦'. ''"¦'
' Sprlngsaeld, 111...,. ..'¦¦;" 5551266;.' ¦;'¦ ... \pA}
Totals. V.' S..:.tl,i2S.946.193 : . ¦.••.'.;.:..:. il^» :
. Totals outside X. T 4?s; 794.157 /"•-.,...' ¦ :: :'e.j» :
,.-. DOMIXIOX OF CAXATJA. '' • ' ¦¦¦¦ •'-'" '¦¦'.
Montreal '..;..i. i . i ..: ' $U;5l?(i434: •-'..•••'„¦.;. '''''.' is 9
: TorontQ ......' '¦ 17.196, 705.^. • .'.•.•.:'¦'.¦ -2 I
Winnipeg .....^ '. •" 1,j847.63? •¦' " 2.1 -•¦;.- ;'
:. Halifax ... .;;:,;,•...„ " 1,421;926 ' : ' . : r.l-.s.
Hajnilton ........ -" £50,733.'. : -.. : ... : '¦¦¦11 '£'¦'
:.Bti John, X; B...,^y Tiff .961 :/ : v'j3.4 I;; :..-.;/
Vancouver ¦....'...... 1,013,0»5. ;.'.- -4.5 •• = : '..'.V
TJctorta ......;.......;• .:-; ¦ C-io.203- •.:'.-. .8.4 :•.••.¦:;..-.¦
» Totals .i.i..-w ; ' J21.712; i40 -;\".:'..;^':*;j- 7w2-
'.NEW TORKv-^Aug.' Si;-^; G.. Pun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade ; to-m6rr6w will, say:;
Cpnimercial. failures during. August were. 735
in number, with liabilities ; of S7.323.903; -manu
facturing were/. 174. ¦'". for; . $2, 945, 607 ;/¦ trad ing -SI?, -
for J3.5S5..C67, and -other, commercial 62, for $792,-.
629. There: wer«i only two banks, with liabili
ties of $146,000^: Thls^ls the be^t monthly state
menit f or ': 1906: thus f ar. : bu t shows an i ncreasi>
over the corresponding month In the two: pre
ceding years. Steel mills in. the : Cumberland
district and-some: in Indiana have shut : down,
throwing many hands but.-, but: part -of ; these
will be transferred to other /departments of
the new crucible steel company; /Otherwise . the
working- force is increasing: and/the; hope is
expressed. of -"art adjustment with the anthracite
coal miners. .Reading Company; /miners., are
said to be. opposed to a strike and some others
are In. the isame position. ¦¦'¦'•' A rioth'erj irnportant
influence, cf the week has been favorable
weather for the <]evelnpment . "f. corn, over the.
greater part of the surplus corn States, though:
heavy: -rains in the spring .wheat/region ...havo
retarded harvostlnK; ,TI«> cotton --.. inwenie'nt /Is
slow of late,-. but weather conditions .average
better except in the: Carblinas./ Price changes
are ..small. ¦¦¦'.}¦'¦ .¦ : /./ .'-. ; ;; ¦¦: ". ¦•' •.'.¦"¦ ' ¦/:--/¦¦ /¦ '¦-.¦¦' : : '
: Steady improvement is -.seen in the, iron mar
ket;: It is not ¦ marked: by ¦ large .advances, vbut
wherrver change occurs it is in the right (11 -'
rectlon;- 'It is claimed by somH ".authorities that
orders; currently booked; agkrepate more ; than
productiori: and ehjpments. ; Special concessions
tp: secure prospective ; business are withdrawn
arid: buyers: seek contracts. for prompt. delivery.-
In Rome lines mills are .actively eniployed.with
orders for, month*, ahead arid contra ets ninninK
to .Tune were i.lac>'l this. week. :- Falcs of iron
bars. were 1 , made, at $1 40. and $16 is quoted for
Bessemer piK iron at. Fittsburg; , Western stove
. {Manufacturers .; have been buying -freely .and
more bridge . builders ; sijtnert:: cmtraots ¦ f r. r
structural: material.^^' Merchant steel .'-.¦advanced
on increased- orders, whiip domestic purchases
of cotton ties were l.irgts although rat lier. late.;
Copper^ exports average .a million pounds.-: a
day. and the market', is In ¦ strong .position.: v Iron
ore handlers '. haVe made^ trouble. : at. : Clcyeland
and the-influsir>- "will be- -ehibarras^pfl by delay.
In unloading. ¦ vessels;: . Further redu-tlon ia
shown: iii the output at . thcvConnellaytlieVcpke
oyehs. ¦.:.'. ".".:•¦¦'. "r'-!v., ; ':•-¦ '"• '*"."¦''¦•¦; v- ;'.:'•> '¦:¦'*¦'-. "'•:'¦ :¦
:¦¦' it- -is nbt possible to report : progress In;.' the'
boot and shoe 'industry , 'unless ; it .can ;.";be, fcon
pidered encouraging' that ¦ cont in tied : inactivity
at the 'shops must in time ¦'reduce -stocks to a
point , where orders "Will; iri«iln resumption of
opcratibhs.'. ;,v-':-:-,: : :¦ y ."¦'..[ . ¦."••' v.^-. '?.--!•' '-':' : ¦'•;•.' - : -' .
London Market.
••Trade" is generally quiet at ,both cotton .and
woolen mills, : The. only .manufacturers, show
ing interest in wool »t . Boston -are. those with
Government contracts ¦•that must be ¦ flllfd
prompt lj".. •Prices 1 of "wool ' are- unchajig^d. ajid
holders have not lost any :(^f their conrldence.
Hal"s-iit the th.r*>e chief Kast.erri : markets; were
only 4,234,700 pounds, ' agalnKt. 5,002,500 ¦.pounds :
in- the; previous week ati-d :6;32S,7P0. a year ago. . '•
•'/ XEW iTORK, Aug. 31.--The Commercial Ad : .
¦vertisfir's. London flnanclal cablegram says: ¦
¦'Business in: the iSarkets here toVday .was- not .
increased, but -the: tone was 'harder on the idea
that' the>last :*tage.6f the ...war' In the' Traris
.vaal is c\6s,e at hand. :•" The . Settlement of the
Welsh railway strike : .was also a favorable In
fluence. The : bank ¦ bought £21.000 in gold bars
and received £ZJ£,000 from. India. . ¦:¦¦ - ' - .'.
' "piWWOnt rat.ea were down, and the-. baiik is
.expected- to-; sustain '.^theni- by borrowinj: '.t6-
morrow." 1 -:¦'":'....''.¦¦¦'.-'. «..•.'•¦'¦!¦ '-:¦-¦¦: '¦ ' '...¦'¦
..<.¦'¦ :'¦''/¦':¦:: clorixg:- . ;; .; : -v: ¦'-'¦¦¦'¦¦¦¦
LONDOX, ¦.¦.Atfg. 3X-^Atchiscn.:2SHc: : . Canadian
racincj .81-lfirr t'riirin '• Pacific . preferred. . .76%;
; Xorthern ¦ Pacific ¦: preferred,-- 73; Grand • Trunk,
6Vi; Apa.ebntia, $.%<l'' •'¦•¦•'•¦'."¦ :'¦"¦•' •-' ;"¦¦" '.'
; Bar- silver, steady,. 2& 7-16d-.per ounce. Money.
;3fi.pcr :C6-nt. ;'.:¦-...:: : ; • : - . ¦ • '. ¦ ¦¦ • : -. : .'¦•:;.. «'..:..
Neiv; ¥ork:MMey Market.
XKW XORK, Aug. 31.— Money* on call steady
¦a.t. ' 1**@1J4'- r>er. : 'eent; prime . mercantile! paper,
4^-4 Vt;'per r . cent.-. V 'SterlinR. eicchange steady, with
actual b.usiness. in. bankers' bills at $4 S7% for
demand and at J4 .84% for slity. days; !posted
rat^s. $4 S5 and. $4 88V6: commercial bills, H &i%,
¦ft-v £*:¦ :. I'ar ¦ 61%C- Silver :certiflcates,
¦«t^ifi«2Hc. .-. M»xican dollars.':'- 4S?4e. : Bonds^
<Iov.erhinent,i.wea.k; State, inactive; railroad;
irregiilar. ¦- ¦• " •>.- • .-. ¦ ¦.' " : ' :• "•• ¦.¦ :: :-:: ¦ •"•..:
Condition. of the Treasury.
- :WA$.HJXGTOX. Aug. SL^-To-day-e statement
of : the treasury .balances In the. general-fund
exclusive: of th*.' $150iOo6.DOO Kold.reFerve,-' show s:
Available cash balancCi 1133.711,485; gold, J68,
7SS,923. ':.-.' ¦¦.•.¦-¦.- -.. :.-.. ' .-;; . :¦ . - ;•'• . - -
J XEW YORK, . Aug. 3i:r-:The... steamship TJm
brla, sailing for Europe ¦ to-n?prrow, will-, take
out. 321.C00 ounces of silver. • [}¦.¦¦.¦' '•;; '-••¦.•.
Shipment of Silver^
¦piiti's RetiiejtJ of; 'Trade.
Sih-cr continues to advdtiee : slowly, I Exchange unchanged.
Wheat end Barley futures weaker.
Oats dull and '-lower. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Xo further change in Hay and Feedstuff s.
Beans and Seeds nominal.
FGivtcesyOnwns and-fc
Butter weak and dull. Cheese easy. Eggs firnL
Poultry in large supply and zveak.
Mountain Quail come^into season to-day. . • . .
Fresh Fruits show no new features. ¦¦'[. :'-.'"¦ .-. :
Prices for .new Prunes promised for -io-dayi .. '¦¦-. ; : :?: ;¦ : ; :
Provisions i-,.'as^ pr^-joiw^; ;giib/rif;;. ;^;/ Kl'-^X'-^M ;"¦¦ (-. -h'f- ¦ ¦
W pel^ Hides and Hops '(miet-qiui 'unchanged. '.'¦¦ ¦-¦. '.'¦ .:¦ '¦•_. •.:. ";.
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Bank hearings' continiie to lead last year. .:..¦¦¦¦¦¦¦-¦ '¦;• ,'¦; -.:••¦ . • ¦-¦¦•¦.
Po'I'^-a 1 "'- " 3: Faml 'y- W: ««ra Prime
LARD-Tl?rccs quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure: half-barrela, pure 3^ - c
10-lb tlrii-. 9-;c; 3-ib tins. S"sc. ;-
COTTCLEXn— One-half ¦ barrel. SSe; thre
half barrels. 8i~e: one tiorce. &?ic; two tierces
SUc; five tierces. S'»c ptr Ib.
Hides, Tallow; Wool and Hops.
All goods under. this- head are unchanged and
featureless. .
HIDES AXD SKINS— Culls- and branis sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy salt? 1
Steers, Ftf$9c; . medium. 8'ic: light. Sc.
Cowhide*. Sc; i-tags. Ce:' Salted K'p. Sc: Cair.
0c; Dry Hides, sound. 13c: Dry Kip. 13c: Dry
Calf, 15c; culls and brands. . 12c: Sheepskins,
Shearlings. ;L®3f>c eacli ; short Wool, &"3 i0o
each; medium. 60-3 SOc; long Wool, 90c£$l 1)
each; Horse Hides, salt. J2'c?2 IS for large, $1 7a
for medium, Jl for small and 50c fcr colts:
Horse Hides, dry. tl 10 for large. $1 25 for me
dium. II for small and 25f?.V>c for colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c: winter or th!n skins. 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras, 75c: large and smooth.
EOc; medium, 3ic.
TALLOW— No. 1 rr-ndered. 4S*Hc p«r lb: No.
2. 3tJ3'ic; grease. 2Q2Vic.
WOOL— Prring clip is quotable as follow?:
Xorthern. free, lofiliic; Xorthern, defective. 12'$
14c; Mi'ldl? Coun'y. fre<». UQlte; Mlddlfl Coun
ty, defective. 124tl4c: Southern Mountain. 12
rnorrths'. ll'iJUc: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 10fU2c; Southern Mountain, decretive.
7- months'. . !K(Uc; Humboldt and Mer.dccina.
16iilTc;: Xevada. 13(5 lfio per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6'^S^c: do Lambs'.
8©9e; Middle County. 9®llc p^r lb.
: HOPSr-Old^- nominal at i^flOc per lb: new.
io® 12c. . •.;'-;¦¦=; : -- : >:¦¦ . ¦ ;'. .--¦ ;¦.:
;";; : San Francisco Meat Market.
-. BEEK-rBSSc per-lb for fair to choice. -J
. : VEAtr^tafsf, "ffSc- .stnair. i^'gy.zc per lb.. '¦¦;
MUTTOX-^Wethers, . THiSc ; ewes. TS~\^c per
pound. ¦'¦:.-•. :-'.-.-'-.-'".v.' ',.¦: .'•.•¦ ..-. •¦ .,¦¦-.
LAMB^Pprifis;' SUHScVper. lb,.- '' ¦• v - ¦••/¦ - /
.FORK— Live l}"e«. 6c ¦for small. E%Q5JW for
:mediuni- and. 5H''*-*' % ic-.for large:V -'-e tock Ibgi
and feeder?. a'.sijSVc;. dressed Hogs. S^S'^c.
General Merchandise.
: BAGS-i-S^in. v<9uentfn. "Bass. ' J3 ,83; .Calcutta
Grain 3Bags.. '.SHo! W"opt Bags, 2SH532'ic; Fleeej
Twine,; 7^*c; .Frutt Hags, .6.i : g5%'c fcr/.whlte anJ
i^iti 5*iC for blcarhed. Wte. . : /-;'\':/ * '• : ." ¦ ¦
¦ J COAtAWcllingt'ih. ; 13... per •ton;'- ScuthfleM :
. WeUingtori. ,. $0;. Seattle.:' $7; Bryarit, -Jo; X*o<*
Bay.- J.".:W.: AVallsnni,: JS:- Co-operative Wall
senVl. •' t9: Ciiir.bffrVahd;- $12 in bulk and- $13 25 in
- Peh.r;?ylyanVa%-A'nthra.cfte.;Egj5.v|M;.-vcan-
; ppr;'.tp.r-:\Coke r .-'.fl6,jp«'r i .t<s'h. 1 lh---.bulk 1 and
|ls in sacks; Rocky. MtiintrUri:' .descriptions,
:$S-.4'S. per:.20CO lbs,.:ancj: JS'.Cu: per tclft.-' according
to hraiid,- . : < ", .-. i- : . :.':".¦ i.';^.;:^ "•.•.-¦.:.-•¦'.' l~. ; >'
: ilarrisba's .clrcular;;6ays: .'. VThisr week there
have been- fl've...;arr.iyals;-.'6f;:ccial''.fr'flm;''W'ashin(r- :
'ton,.- .'-. with vK-SSO'-' .tons:;- -four from .Britrah C<>- •'•,
-. 1 umbia. : 12, ~J)t. t.rijr.s '; -'. three . f torn .' Au.ftrril la. ; 76 ">
tons; two'- : .frT)m'\-Ore!fon^^JJM' i ,tpns';-''tol«t.'. 1 .-3S.2>i;
'tons. /Thlf fully Jupplics. all lm-ncdla,te. -reyjuir**- .
\ nWTits' for the xnoTTienti as we haver had 106, S23
; tons . delivered' w;ithin.. the pa?(t'. tbree.'.treeks. -If
:we. can- keei)'.ur>--thIsiaveraK.e -there win be no
comr'latntj. as't'o fuel- supplies,; as w-e- will. be
>nab!ed;ta put -away a' reserve in our yarrls for
futjire. Wtnter demand:. ''.'¦- Prices are steady; asi
irriiortera^ are not: ati:Tif>u!« .s^llrrs and feel as
siirefi that pre«tent. quotatiqris .-'-w.lll assuredly fco«
sustafriPd, :¦: Freight raf.es. : from .Australia arr>
firm. : arid coal .haa; been • fur:hor, advanced for
early loadirc:: as:a rr.att"r of fact, some popu-f
lar tfrades cahnof be., had- for several : months,
as . the • collierlea . have- been, largely oversold.
V.&nl^'.'but9id0'.-bra'r^9''arfr.yseefi^^^«'^^-ih)fij3tiB^i
/this year,: and! .they ..arK,h.eJd. at. an advanc'e of
fully- Wo: shillings per ton.' Every vessel arriv
ing ...la Australia ndwmust: wait at least sixty
days to secure her cargo, and for two or. thr«x*
of the leading brands., fully four- months. Coal ;
is at. present the commandins; article- In every
market of the wprld; Assuredly VCoal Is Klnsr'':
The present status of. :the fuel market In Engr
land is becoming more: serious; It ts alarming.,
as; it Is weakening the backbone of the kins
dom; When coal must bie imported. Into Great
Britain the blow, to . manufacturing Is a most
serious, one.". L - :/¦'. '¦¦' ••¦..'¦¦.¦•¦ •".¦ :/ - ¦l':v"j r-V-.'-- '•• ' -.- '.
. SUGAR— The 'Western Sugar Iteffnlnr Com-.
pariy. quotes, .per: lb;." lh r 100-lb ba£s: Cubes
A Crushed and Fine Crushed. «.80c; Powdered
6.40c:. Candy Granulated. 6.40c; Dry Granulated.
6.30c; Confectioners'- A, : 6.$0c; Magnolia A 3.90c-
Extra C.: 5. SOc; Golden C,. 5.70b; barreU.-ldc
more; half-barrels,. 23c more;. bdxes-^-SOc more
50-lb bass. lJc, more. • Xo orders : taken. for.less : ,
. than .73 barrels or its eQUivalenti ' Doiiiaoes,
¦ half-barrels. 7.05c ;. box <?s v . 7. 30c per lb. :''•' ': ¦ .;¦ '¦' -^ .
Receipts of Produce.
O : 'S : i . .-;.¦¦¦¦ TFOV:i*RTDAiY. AtTGC ST •' 'jt,"'^ ;' ¦ ; :\f - V ; :
Flcnir.- qr ska....:.-,1.44313ugar;' sfcs- '..iVi^'' XM
' Wheat.- ' ctls -..;'.. S8.I1T 1 Leather., rolls- ;.. in
Barley, ctl9;.... : 3,934 Quicksilver, fisks : 1ST
.Qats^- ctls. ...¦.'.::. 2'.S7l!r':g^s. doz ;...:„. g <?.)
Cheese.. Ctl9. : .i...^..'- '.9S|U:inei gals ..;.:: S3 0^0
Butter, cfls- ,•••« ; 129 Hears, .ska .i.ii; li.j
Tallow, ctla ¦¦..,..- -224 Pelts, bdls' ...... : J 1 *
Corn,.-, ctls.- . ; ;.'. . ."-. : : .;, 9« i Hideiii .' Xo > . . ... . \: 4;s
Potatoes. sk3..vV.. . 4.322 Wool;- bales- •.»,.. '133
Bran. -ska -.;.'...:..".- ;: 3t»IStraw,' tons -'i „..••¦. '¦'¦:. i.t
Middlings.;- ska -..-' 29Ti£Iay.: tons ¦ i.....;' ' «72
Onions, ska -.....'; . '. 1 W3-7. . ::'--- .:,.'• ¦ - •.' ¦'. .
¦"••:¦'.;— •. •¦".; : .;"--<?RECrdx;;,' ; -'. ;¦:'; .:-v;>.V. ¦ ; : :
¦Flbar,: Qr ; Bks'.i-',;.-. ." 811 - : ' :•:; v"::.- :: ::V-'--. : :~" : ¦**¦¦:
¦. ¦-¦';¦': ':''. ::.- ' : ;- WASHIXCiTOXv--';.;:-: '¦?£ ;
Flour, Qr -ska "- 1 . • 7,350J:' .¦¦-..¦• :- : -?.' '. : .'"-.V'." :' ¦
The Giant Powder Co/ has t declared DlTldend
Xo. 21 of seventy- five .cents per share:; '.\:'
.B«H. Telephone... ..142% I Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany.. 24S Adventure 3^
Boston. Elevated... US i.Allouez MIn Co:.. 1%
Boston & Maine... 1SS Amal<- Copper..::. S7»i.
thi.B & .ti.. -...:... I2i% Boston & Mont. ...320
Dominion Goal..... 42 Calumet '& Hecla..757.
Do •prefd..:..:.-;:.; i no ,. Centennial ......... 1«H
Federal. Steel. .- 34»i Franklin ..:...;....: 13%
Do prefd.. :..;.. .-. 66% Humboldt ;......'...' 25 '
Fitchburg prefd.;..13J . Osceola ¦ ......... : .'.YB9. ..
.G«n;.--EJectric-.;:-J".-:..-yiS8a Parrot -..-.;;„...;..' 42 ¦"
¦ Do prefd. ;¦.'.'¦., . ;^:.13U : .. Quincy' -. . .V. .'.-.' . . : .-.140, .
Ed Elcq .Ili:V.'.'.,;.2&5%Sta F*' Copper..-..; i%
Mexican -Ci?ntrj3i... !l!if Tamarack ¦ :;':. .',... 219
Mich :T*lephbn-s. ; .:V-SS.. J Utah Jlinlng> .'. . .V.V. 31*i
N E <las & » Vfrce. . 13'-', ¦AYiri'-iha :..:.. ...... 3 ¦
,Otd : .Colony...,. '¦;.. .203 I .Wolvnrines ':..-. .-.:;. 41>4
iv .'. ¦ '¦ . : ;';]: : MixiXG. stocks. '; :: . . --r.Vv-.".-.;
'Chollar 1 -;; .¦;>.•¦;¦;':¦::•,•;.. ¦•¦,io: "Ontario ?".V-.-.;'. : ..';i,\i BXO
Crown Point . .'.-. :.. '. , -¦ 10 (>phlr : '.: ........ '.....>¦¦ 45
Con Cal & A'a; ,.;.„'• 110 Plymouth ....;...... : 10
Deadwood .-...V..;;. :.. 40 t Quicksilver . ........ 1 50
Gould .& Curry... -J, . 15J- Do prefd..:..i:.>W 6 SO
Ilale & Xorcross..; •- ¦ 15 f Sierra XeYada..;.. -, 33
Homestake .........CO OOiStandard .....:.:;..;> 25
Irpn Silver,.,.... .. . 54 Union. Con........... : -15
Mexican ..........>. 22 Yellow Jacket..*..; 15
SUMMARY :0F: r THE MARKETS:
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
spring. The historj' of the slump and raliy
in the finished material market is. however,
being repeated in the pig iron trade. Pro
ducers are apparently so anxious to have a
supply of orders on hand this fall that they
arc readily, selling, their production ahead at
relatively low quotations, some of these in fact
being at bottom rates. On the' other hand an
offer of an order for 15.000 tons for next -"-ear s
delivery . has been rejected, the claim i being
that present quotations are too low and wi.i
be exceeded in a month or so. ¦ Export inquiry
for all classes of material is and has been
good. Bars,- shapes and plates note good do
mestic and export inquiry and are firmer at
the East and ?1 to $2 higher at Chicago. South
ern iron stocks of hipher grades are reported
oversold at Birmingham.: . . ' •• . ..
To disappointing foreipn ¦'-. advices and the
backward state of the spring demand for cot
ton goods are to be attributed the. shading m
raw cotton this week/ Thf>. spring season in
men's wear woolens has-bwn rather disap
pointing so -far,-: .while". the ''j'-bbins. demand for
dress goods is quite favorahle. ...Manufacturers
are buying- only enough raw- -wool to. cover
orders for goods and : prices . are ..weak, at tiie
lowest, point reached. '/•-' :..V.: '"• ...• ¦'•' ' ¦ : .
.: Wheat. < including ¦¦"floiir.- shipments for the
week aggregate- 3.2.48.313 bushels, against 2,69d.
i6R bushels las'f week; •3.S13..44."! bushels in the
corresponding week ofllSS?.' 3.6S7, 040 bushels in
lS9.8,.6 1 26S;247..bushels t in 1S97 and 3,369,S62. bushels
in 1.S9G. v ...;:•.' y •'•:V-- :-:..<y':- -' r-Sr :-. ' •.- •-
¦From' July i:t'6'date this season wheat, ex
ports, are 26,0«.76i bushels. -. against 33,-122,.33i
bushels last- season; 'and 29,593.;552 bushels . in
¦ 1S*S^99.' ••¦ ¦¦-• ' '>¦¦:¦.-.¦ -¦•--.,:¦¦¦ ¦¦- v •... .'- ; ¦.-'-..•. • , ¦¦'
-Failures -aggregate.,165 ' fpytlie ..week.-, as
against 135-.. last i'tv-eek, ; 131/ In. this.week.a year
ago; 164 In iSSS;. 19S in lS?7andlSl In ISSC^. • •
.Canadiari failures number : 32, against 29 last
week and 23 this ¦week a year -ago.- ... ; . , v
not. so far as the trade knew, followed by
othors, support of the bulge melted away; long
stuff In moderate quantities came out and the
market sagged, September dropping to 73j« and
closing weak %c lower at 74c.
Sentiment in corn was rather bearish all day
and prices easier. Cables were lower. ¦ the
weather favorable and a bumper crop predicted
from Iowa. September closed }4c under yester
day at 39%c.
Liquidation of September for deferred futures
In oats was general. September closed U@%c
down at 21%e.
Provisions were moderately active and firm
on a good cash business ajid. the expectation
of a bullish stock statement to-morrow. The
best demand was for lard and ribs, and these
held strong, but pork eased off after the bulge.
September pork closed 5c under yesterday, lard
5(&7^c higher and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 3—
August ' 74*4 74H 74 74«a
September 74% 74% 73 T & 74
October "5y. 75'^ 74% 74Ji
Corn Xo. 2—
August 4')'4 40*i 40^'. 40%
September 39% 4Qti 39 s * ' 39%
October 39 33H 3S% 38%
:. Oats No. 2_
August 21% 21H 21«4-..21%
September '21% •• 21% • -21% • 2U»
October 21% • .' 21*4 •' . ¦ :21% ¦ 21%
Mess Pork. : per barrel— .' ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦¦'. ¦•'-.'¦ '
September .1100, 11 07^ :1O 90 10 90.
October ... ; :...;...ll 10 11 17V4 11 07H 11 07^4
January ...11 25 .1133 : 11.25. 1130
Lard, per'100 pounds— ' ¦'•.• •' ¦ •• ;•'• >'. '¦ ¦ '•
September ¦.;. 6 70 '6 75. ', ; 6 7.0 '. 6 72%
October ;. 6 75 . : 6 82t4 . 6 73 '. '. 6 77V4
January 6 57V4 6 6214 6 57V4 6 60
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— - '¦ • . : - ' . ¦ ¦ •
September 7 07% 7 15 . . ,7 07*4' ' T OVA
October 7 C2H -7 10 ,'¦ ' 7 02»4j --7 05 •¦
January 5 92H 6 00 : \.:'5;92>4' 595 ¦
. Cash Quotations were as follows:' . ' ' . • '
¦ Flour, quiet and unchanged; No. ' 3 ' spring
wheat. T2<313\%c; Xo. 2 red, 77@7TV4c; ' Xo. 2
corn. 40»ic; Xo. 2 yellow, '40.%'c; Xo. .2 oat3,
20%f:i%c; Xo. 2 white, 24Hc;Xo. 3 white. 2234
@23Hc; No.2 rye, 51c; good feeding barley, 38
®39^c: fair to choice malting, 45'g47c; No. 1
flax: seed, $1 41; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 42;
prime timothy -seed, '• $3 9p@4; mess ¦ pork, per
barrel, $10 95^11; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 72V43
6 73.; short ribs sides, (loose), $7@7 30;. dry salt
ed shoulders (boxed).' .6%®6»ic; ¦' short clear
sides, (boxed), $7 50^7 60;. whisky; basts of hign
wines, $1 24H: sugars, : cut .' loaf,' unchanged;
clover, contract.. grade,. .$9 • ,': , .-.-.¦•' • . , . • .
''¦} Articles-.; ' V.- '. ::'-' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....¦;.;. : .."...-.. 4 .. 13.000'- • ¦ : -.12 000
Wheat, bughela ....i.;-...;.'i.;.'347,000i. ¦' 178.000
Corn, bushels .....;¦...;».¦;. ;.. 158.009 .'¦ • ' 63,000'
Oa:ts,. bushels -.;¦.;......... -.-.;. -.329,000 . ' -425,000
Rye, 7bushel» '..... ¦";»... v,^...-. . -8,000 - * .'..;.... ¦
: Barley;. ;bushel3> r :.-';M ; i«V;.i.v.flS, : 000 ; 'J- ' ¦:.;.;.;;'
'; On. the Prodiicb Exchange to-day the Butter
.market was firm- . Creaineriss.. lSVji021>4e; Da.i
f rles. 14i?i ISc; ¦ Cheese, steady; 10H@liM>c. ¦ .Egg3,
fresh, ; flrm;.^10Jii3J4cv; .'¦.. • .-' '.)¦.:[ - ~r - : V . ;}. '-'• ¦.¦"'.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, Jl to
4000. $1 10%.
I Regular Morning Session — December- — 16 000
i ctls, ?1 10%; 16,000, $1 10; May— 4000, 11 15.
; Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 10
20CO. SI 10U; May— 2CO0. $1 15.
BARLEY— A slight decline In futures was the
' only change.
Feed. 72Vb'5T5c for No. 1 and 65#70c for oft
.grades; Brewing and Shlpp.Jg grades, 77^^
S2Hc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session — Xo sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 40CO ctls,
73 hie.
Afternoon Session— Xo sales.
OATS— The tone of the market has changed.
Offerings nre now In excess of the demand anil
prices have declined slightly all around. The
demand has fajlen oft to nothing.
White. $1 1501 30: Surprise, $1 3.VR1 40: P-?d.
$1 1CS1 20; Gray. |1 W5 1 2H; Black, for feed.
Jl lrttfl 15; for seed. $1 ir.^1 20 per ctl.
CORN- All descriptions are quoted at |1 233
1 30 per ctl, without distinction.
RYE— STH'gStfc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 80®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40©3 50;
Oregon and Washington. $2 7333 10 per barrel
.•for famriy and ?3 1333 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
ft 75® 5 73 per barrel. . ;
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 1C0 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 £0; Rice Flour. $7; Corn. Meal. 52 73:
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, 1* 50; Hom
iny, J3 5C@3 75; . Buckwheat Flour, U"3* 25;
Cracked Wheat. IS SO; Farina, ,J4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels;, $6
67 25; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. Jo;
Split Peas, {3; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
: Hay and Feedstuff s. . ... -
¦There is no further change to report In any
thing.. .Receipts of Hay are running lighter
again. •¦ '-.".¦•¦..'-• •¦'..• '¦_.-•" '¦'¦ -.•'-¦/
BRAX— $12 50<313 50 per ton. .' . ¦ .•'.•¦
M1DDL1XGS-J16019 per ton. : . .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. 116*317 50 per
• ton: -.Oilcake Meal at the mill. S26S27; Jobbing,.
$27 60<g28; Cocoanut Cake. J2OB21: Corn Meal.
?2S 50: Cracked Corn, $27; Mixed Feed, $13 C-0®14.
HAY rr Volunteer, HBO® 7; Wheat. I1O@12;
Wheat arid Oat, $3 50<gll 50; Oat. $S@10: Clover,
$436; Alfalfa, $S@7 50; Barley. $S 50®S 50 per
ton.-' .• - ¦¦¦-¦' :.¦¦¦• ':." -:-.*¦¦.'¦ :•- ¦ -, ••.-•. ¦ -.- : .-•¦-."
- STR.VW- 30S37HC per ..bale, :" . ..."•:':..
:''/ Beans arid Seeds. : .
; ...BEAN'S >r-:Bayo9,. ; |2 50@2 75;' : Small : White,
nominal:. Large. White.' jiominal ; ¦• Pink, $2 25®
2 75 : Red, ¦ - $3 2?®S SO; Blackeye. $3 50; ' Lima,
¦$5 : i5@V.25;'-P.ea'; $3 56<@3- 70; Red. Kidneys, $3 20#
3;50..;-.- •¦^•;. - .{::>¦:¦; -¦ ¦¦, :- ; -^ ,-;,;.:•;:.-• ¦;'¦¦¦-. -^. .:¦
'.'¦: SEEDS -^ Brown Mustard,' nominal: Yellow
¦ Mustard,. 4 C ; .Flax,:'. $25i2- 20; .Canary.' 3He -per
lb for Call fornfa and 4c for Eastern; : Alfalfa.
nominal:.- Rape, -.. ZWSIty Hemp,.: 4©4Hc; Ttm-.
'otfcy,- :4@4%c. • >:•: :;. -v^.'v -.;¦'. -V ¦'¦¦¦¦' : ----'-'< : - '.:•-:"--.'.¦.'
:• DRIED EEAS^-Xlles, nominal; Green, $2 2G®
: - Z0 fcer : ctfc : Blaekeye, - $2. \->. ¦:;-.; ¦;.'¦ ;.-' -. ¦;-... - ..-.¦¦¦ ¦¦::...'-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦' ¦iRJVer.; Sweets': are -spme^hatflrnieV, as stocks
are lighter/. Onions continue easy. -•Vegetables
are uhcha nged.- ¦.;;¦¦ ';.;.> -V : -:. : -.V. ; ' :¦.'.; ; ; .;",•":. ¦¦¦'.'•. : I.
\\;'PJ&XATOES^GarnMyGhne_s,i;'^i.'---Eirly-;'Rose,
25 'd;3'>c;% vBurbanks; '¦ .30<5.6pc 'vipr,...; Rivers./; and' .
•7C^&,3c per-.ctl . for Salinas; ; Sweets/ $1S1 23. for
.•River's" and $1 SO for;.- Merced; V; ¦ ;•.'""¦,: : .-¦/ .V. ; ¦ f
.. .ONIONS — i'eliow;. -. 50®'6Gc -per • ctl; ' Pickle \:
¦Oni»ns; waitc.: . .' • :.%¦;.:¦¦=:•-,¦¦ .•:.;".- ...'¦-':'•¦¦;..':•.¦ ¦'¦
; •: A'EGETARLES— Green.. :Cprn.- -' 75c®$l 25 V per
• sack 4 -licfiii. per 1 crate for- "Berkeley, and $1 25^ '.
.1: "4'for' Aiameda: ¦ Green. Peas/. 2Vi@3c; p»r • \b;
'.B'*'rinB Beans; ¦lVi'S2tjb; Limas. . 3®4e;-. CabJbake,:
¦:*0S"56c'i' Tpmaitoes, . River; 20S35c; : Bay, . 30.^400 ;¦.
: Egg :.i'lant; : SOfi 65c. pet box; Grevn Ukra, 3.~> 1 fi.5Oc;?.
; Oreeri , Peppers, vSO'S 50c.' per! box for; Chili - and 4* .
.^i«0e ;fpr- Bel!;- Dried .Peppers, 'S©10c;'Garrot8, 25
,-635c-.r>er sJtcK-' S'llmrner Squash, f 25@40q, for. Alar.
meda; ¦.Cucumbers; ij'5.25e f6rrA}ameda;;Pickies,'
$1 #1 23 per. ct 1 for No. ' 1 and '5O.@75c ,. for: >« a, 2:
. Garlic. Marrowfat Squash, $12.3
rib;. Pumpkins.. .$20 per. ton.'- r! 'v : . .';'.: ' '¦'¦. - ' ¦, ¦¦¦•¦:...-.¦ • .
Poultry and Game,
: : Another, car.iarne' in : .frpm the East, .making
five thus .far this week: 'As. supplies- of local.
Poultry . are large, the :market' contlniies weak..
¦Eastern' Hens . ibid 'at |5 pOi^B; / . ¦'. .¦ ; ' : : - ¦.¦'•¦ ..: V V: ¦'; = ¦;
POULTRYriLlve ; Turkeys. :9Slic.; for : Gol^
bie.rs and iXCglSc' for Hens; Geeae; per pair, $1 25
©1:50; GdsHngs.' $1 SOSi 75,; Ducks. $3®4 for old
anid- $3S4 for young ; ; . Hens.. $3 5O'S4 50; Toung;
¦Roosters, ' $4g4 50.;: ;Old ; iloosters,. $3 50#4; ; Fry
ers; .$3 50; ;• ¦•Broiler's.: $3: for -large and $1 73'3>
2.50: fot. small; PJgeons, $1 50®! 75. per dozen
for old- and $1 50®l "5 for Squabs. • :..'.--¦• ., ¦ ¦'.'.
¦ : GAME— Doves,: 60®6oc per doaen;'v Cottontail
Rabbits.. $1 50; Brush Rabbits, 75c®$l; Hare..
"figi.'Bo:. ¦;.¦•¦•¦¦¦.¦,•':'".' : : ,•.;.;¦;.. :¦.-¦•. ';.•-;.;..; :.Vi-.-.-: :.¦.¦'¦¦•. :•:¦>-.
: ';':'. Butter], Clieese: and 'E'ggs.^-/: ; .\
". ;Retallers are : bqylng Eggs ahead fpr. the N^
continue taimproy* under th|s. deinand.-; : ?-£•
: Butter is Wea.k-.-?tnd.-. dull; at; the decline ;al
ready. rioted a;nd supplies are -large.'. -There-Is
no change :ln Cheese; :biit. the market. Is dull
and easy* V." ::¦•''''¦¦. ..''••i'' '•'¦¦'¦•/.; .¦'•'./.' ¦\\i.-fh 'V'- :
••butter-;. .¦',•¦¦ -.¦¦¦..••- '. : ¦;¦:¦..¦:
.Creamery —^Fancy Creamery, 23c; extra marks
higlrer: secpnds, 22^c. ¦ . ¦ • • ,¦ • -. . . . . : . .
.. Dai ry— Fancy, 21c ; good .. to . choice^ ; 19320c r
common,- 15@lSc. ¦ .-•. : .. ' •'•' ¦ ' ¦ ''•'--. ' :
-•¦ Creamery tub— 20(522'ic per lb. . •' '¦- . : . ¦ ¦¦-¦
Pickled roll— 13(&2Cc. '.•...-.: , '. ¦':¦„:
. nrkin— lS@19c. . . •. .--•¦:. ' ' ¦ '
• CHEESE— New, 9c: ¦ fancy. 10c; old 8@5Hc;
Young-America.,. lp@lOHc; • Eastern.. 13is@14c;
Western, .. 10®12c per lb. . • : . •• ... '¦ .r
' EGGS— Quoted ; at l7@20c for., store and 23@
27c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18®19c^ ¦': • ,.¦
Decidudits and Citrus Fruits. :
• Peaches" continue weak, ' t with : f re« supplies.
Fine Pears- are still. firm and the banners -are
taking Buerre Hardy and other varieties in. lieu
of Bartletts. the latter beins/ scarce. Other
tree fruits stand about the same. • ! . -. ¦. .'
Grapes are in good supply and alow at this
(juptationa. '.'• - ..,¦¦'•• :•'...'. ' ¦¦_-•'.
Berries are weaker. ' . : ¦¦,.••.. •
Melons continue. In ample . supply. for the de
mand, and prices show little variation. ¦ •.'.'
Lemons are still dull and plentiful. ¦ The.
Panama steamer is in with fresh Mexican
Limes. ¦•- .. •¦¦ • •' - -
Muscat and Tokay Wine Grapes are on the
market, but no price has yet. been fixed. ¦: -
• DECIDUOUS FRUITS— . .
APPLES— 2u«T 56c per box for common and
50cig$l for good to choice: Crabapples, 40c per
email box and 60c per large box. • .
: PEARS— Bartletts, 50@S5c in boxes and $15®
25 per ton in bulk; other varieties, 30<350c per
box, • .. . ' "-¦:
QUINCES— 3i>S 50c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— 13«5 per chest for large
and $5<56 for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3^3 per chest..
"RASPBERRIES—^.V5~ per ctl.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 3(&4c per lb.
¦'FIGS— 25c for single and ... 30-350C for doable
layer boxes. . ¦ . '. ..
POMEGRAXATES— 75c@n per box.
. NECTARINES— Red. 75c per crate.
¦ FL1TMS— 2C(340c per box and crate; in bulk.
$I0@>5 per ton; Prunes, 20®50c per crate; Egg
Plums. $12^15. per ton.
.'•PEACHES— 3o@30c per box: in bulk, $18@25
per ton for freestones and flo'glj for clings;
Mountain Peaches, 40@60c per box. ;.-. ¦"
GRAPES— Muscats. 2S<ij6Oc per crate; Seed
less, 75<f?Wc per crate; S weet water, 35<g 40c;
Wack, Zo>TCJ)c; Tokay. 25<3t>0c; Isabella, 7i®30c-
AVlne Grapes. $22'523 per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS— Xutmegs. 20(J?50c per case; Canta
loupes, 50c@$l per crate; Watermelons, $5@20,
with extra large at $i")@30 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons. $1 25©2 Tor com
mon and $2 50® 3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. — ; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pine
apples. $1 5CS3 CO per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
It was sa'd yesterday that the Prune prices
would surely be fixed to-day. It is to be hoped
that this is so. It was also reported that the
thus far In the Santa Clara Vallev
shows a great preponderance of small Prunes
In fact, the sizes will probably run smaller
than ever before. The same reports come from
all Important sections in the State This con
dition will cut down the gross yield very shan>
ly, as a loss in size means a loss ni weight
There is no change to report in anything Th*>
market, though dull, is by no mtans weak and
buyers have to pay the same prices for 'sood
Peaches and Apricots. "*
XEW CROP-Prunes, nominal; Apricots. 6^a
S^ic for Royals and 10-ei2c for Moorpark?
Evaporatpd Apples. B@6c; sun-dried 3@4c :
Peaches. oUfffo^c for standard. 6<36Hc for
choice and 7£Se for fancy; Pears. l@7^c-
Plums pitted. u@6c; unpitted. lflivi- vWti"
rinvs. r.S.V^c for red and f.u<SJ6c for white
iK K^ ISl: l f; T Ble^ cnetl Tnompson's fancy", per
lb, 10c, choice. 9c; standard. Sc; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb.. SVic: choice. 7',ic; standard 6%c-
KTiT e k ; unbIea che" Sultanas. 5c: Seedleis..'
fO-lb boxes. .->c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 5fec
--crown 6»;c: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers 2
crewn. n SO per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy-
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices i o. b, at common shlppine poinU in
t-ailrornia.
XUTS— Walnuts. SfflO^c for standards and J
fillc for softshells; new Almonds. 12S134c
for paper shell. 9%@10c for soft and 6@7c for
hard ihell: Peanuts. 5<36Vic for Eastern and
6©6c for California; Brazil Xuts. UQW/ic; Fil
berts, 12@l3c; Pecans. U@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50
Ho. ..'%'-.
,.P OXET — Comb. 13@14c for bright and 123
i?/2? or Il8th - amber; water white. ¦ extracted.
;.*2i^ c: 1Ight amber, extracted. 6Vi@6%c; dark.
u^fgCc per lb.
BEESWAX- 24826c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lOHc per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 12^c for light. 13c
for extra light and 14Vfec for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $13 per
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1900.
Bank^learwgs.
Foreign rFutur^s.
'^Safes:
New York Grain . arid; Produce
The only change worthy of note on the morn-
Continued on Pago Thirteen.
10
Bradstreet's Financial: fieyieiv:.
Brad street's on Trade.
CHICAGO, Aug. 31.— Wheat was quiet
throughout the day. Liverpool was easy and
Argentine shipments, 594,000 bushels, compared
with SOS.OQO bushels the previous week. This
condition of affairs, combined with somewfiat
better harvesting weather in the spring wheat
territory, coaxed traders to the selling side,
September opened at 74H@74%c and sold oft to
74Uc. At this point St. Louis claimed some ex
port sales and this, together with a moderate
amount sold here, was of sufficient promise to
Influence a fair amount of buying, under which
September rallied to 745ic As these sales were
Family Retail Market
THE STOCK MARKET.
AUCTION SALES
EMIL COffflf, AUCTIONEER,
Will sell TO-DAT (Saturday), at 11 o'clock
a- m.. at 120B Eighth St., near Mission, the
almost new oak furnishings of flat 6 rooms, in-
cluding carpets, t.eclrlins and bed linen and
other goods too numerous to mention; Just like
new - EMIL COH.N, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE!
J?? X P AY ,' September 3. »00. at 11 a. m.-W
head of splendid horses, suitable for any and
all purposes. All well broken; 6 crent big
hSS5SPSVc?S the bu;1 <^- OCCIDENTAL
HOKSF: EXCHANOK. 721 Howard st.OAKLAND, Aug. 31. — Two prominent
and popular officers of the Salva
tion Army will wed next Tuesday,
when Adjutant Hannah Dennlson
becomes the bride of Captain Oscar Hagg.
The ceremony will be a regTJlar Salvation
Army one. It will take place in Young
Men's Christian Association Hall, a small
admission fee being charged. The pro
ceeds will be devoted to the Beulah Res
cue Home, of which institution Adjutant
Dennison is the leading official.
Captain Hagg is in command of the
Stockton Corps and Is prominent all over
the State in Salvation Army circles. He
has been connected with the Army work
at Stockton for several years.
Adjutant Dennison was one of the pio
neei workers In the rescue work inaugu
rated in London by General William
Booth. Several years ago she embarked
in her life work, leaving a comfortable
home for the hardships and dangers of
the Whltechapel district of the English
metropolis. From London she w»nt tc
Philadelphia and later came to Oakland
to take charge of the Beulah Home.
All of the Salvation Army corps on th«
bay will be present at the wedding.
OAKLAND. Aug. 31.— Marriasr«» licenses
were issued to-day to Oscar Nel.-on. 31
years of age. and May Josephine Jursrens,
23. both of Oakland; Abram Milne Ram
say, over 21. and Carrie Alic«* Sents. over
1«. both of Berkeley; John Magnus Olson.
'4 San Jo<«e, and Marie Alice Tvack.
Fruitvale: Lovic Pierce Jones. 2«. and Ella
Wright Tuttle. 23. both of Berkeley.
Licensed to Marry.
According to the Independence Pelge a
prize of 1000 francs is waiting for the in
ventor who shall produce a glove that can
be used by electrical workmen to safe
guard them from accident. The premium
Is offered by the French Accidents to
Workmen Assurance Association, and the
conditions are: That the gloves must
cover the forearm as well as the hands
that they must be- light and leave the ut
mest liberty to the fingers.
If one specification does not come up to
the required standard, the prize will be
divided among the inventors who most
nearly approach It. the decision being left
with a special commission nominated by
the association.
men From Accidsnts.
Which Shall Protect Electrical Work-
PRIZE FOR GLOVES
BERKELEY, Aug. 31— The senior and
middle classes of the Hiph School gave
a reception this evening in the Berkeley
Opera-house to the members of the junior
class. A larpe number of students wera
present. Henry Miller, president of tho
senior class, delivered a sliort welcoming
address to tlw* new classmen. After the
reception there was an informal danc«J.
Chester Lamb was floor manager.
High School Reception.
BERKELEY. Aug. 31.— Four candidates
have announced themselves for the posi
tion of Justice of the Peace of this town
ship. They are Robert Edgar, the incum
bent: Richard Lloyd, W. H. H. Gentry
and C. R. Lord.
Candidates for Office.
Oakland's Schools Briner Residents.
OAKLAND. Aug. 31.— In response to a
circular letter from President Wheeler to
the principals of bay high schools, ask
ing how many pupils are in attendance
whose parents have come to the particu
lar locality on account of the educational
advantages of the State rnivrra'ty and
adjacent high schools. Principal J. B. Mc-
Chesney of the Oakland High School ha3
discovered that fifty-five Oakland fami
lies come under-that category.
OAKLAND. Aug. 31.— The Oakland
Transit Company is removing the track
from the gravity loop on it3 Piedmont
branch. By this loop, which was> built
before the Introduction of electricity and
was considered a novel feat of engineer
ing, cars formerly ran from the Pied
mont terminus past Oakland park and
back to the main line. The fact that the
railroad company no longer has an in
terest in the park is given aa the reason
for the removal.
Piedmont Gravity Loop Removed.
The Alameda narrow-pauge trains and
the narrow-gauge boats will operate as
usual.
On Monday morning trains will again
run between Oakland and the narrow
gauge mole.
OAKLAND. Aug. 31.— Repairs on the
Harrison-street railroad brtdge will ne
cessitate the suspension of traffic on the
narrow-gauge route between Oakland
and San Francisco next Sunday. All
passengers from San Francisco to Oak
land must take the broad-gaugp boats on
that day in order to reach their destina
tion.
NARROW-GAUGE SERVICE TO
BE SUSPENDED ON SUNDAY
The residents In the vicinity of the new
library are rejoicing over the removal of
the billboards which have long surround
ed the site.
OAKLAND. Aug. 31.— The work of ex
cavation for the foundation of the new
library building at Fourteenth and Grove
streets is progressing rapidly. The con
tractors are making efforts to expedite
the preliminary I^arge quan
tities of material are already on the
ground and the library trustees are con
fident that the building will be ready for
dedication at the time set. -. ¦
RUSHING WORK ON
THE NEW LIBRARY
The work of moving Hearst Hall to its
new position in the university grounds
will commence to-morrow.
Dr. and Mrs. Wheeler and Mrs. Hearst
stood near the main entrance and received
the students. An informal dance followed
the reception. On the first floor refresh
ments were served. Those present from
the faculty were: Dr. Joseph Le Cont<«.
Professor and Mme. Pacet, Professor nn<l
Mrs. Senger. Dr. and Mrs. John Merriam,
Professor and Mr3. Randall. Dr. and Mrs.
Osterhout. Professor and Mrs. Shinn. Dr.
and Mrs. Montague. Dr. and Mrs. Hop
kins. Professor Henry Morse Stephens.
Colonel George Edwards, Professor
Thomas Bacon, Professor Albin I?. Putz
ker. Professor S. B. Christy, Professor
Dresslar. Professor Frederick Slate. Pro
fessor Edmund O'Neih, Professor A. O.
Leuschner, Professor WillLam Dallam
Armes.
Mrs. Phoebe A. Hearst was present to
assist Mrs. Wheeler In receiving the new
classmen. In spite of the removal of the
rich tapestries from the walls. Hoars:
Hall looked beautiful in Its decorations of
green. There were about four hundred
students present, besides many of the
faculty and their wives.
RERKET/ET. Au=r. 21.— The last of the
many college gatherings to be held in
Hearst Hall in its present position took
place to-nlcnt. It was the annual re
ception to the freshman class given by
President and Mrs. Benjamin Idc
Wheeler.
LAST RECEPTION IN THE
PRESENT HEARST HALL
Nearly every union in Oakland will car
ry a float in the Labor day parade. Each
organization is anxious to make the finest
showing and is keeping Its plans secret in
order that Its ideas may not be appro
priated. The local Building Trades Coun
cil has offered a prize oi $23 to the union
which produces the most effective float.
Mayor R. W. Snow, Judge Greene and C.
J. Heeseman will judge the floats.
Grand Marshal T. J. Newell has issued
an order directing all the unions partici
pating in the parade to be on the ground
and formed at 9:43 a. m. The aids and
marshals have been requested to meet at
Building Trades Council Hall on Sunday.
September 2, at 1 p. m.. to receive sashes
and arrange the details of the parade.
Homeier's concert band, the Dewey
Theater band and Scott's band will fur
nish music for the procession.
Special cars Lave been secured for the
accommodation of the crowds expected at
the picnic in San Lorenzo grove.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Aug. 31.
Special Arrangements Being Made to
Accommodate the Travel of
Picnickers to San Lo
renzo Grove.
Unions Making Ready to
Fittingly Celebrate
Labor Day.
EACH TO TRY TO
MAKE ITS FLOAT
THE FINEST OUT
"It is a fact that the results were the
same as published In the daily press
after the primaries were held. The matur
ities were so decisive that the results were
not changed by the canvass of the re
turns. In this connection I would <»tat*»
that the several eommitteemen having
Jurisdiction of Mr. Rneth's district were
not permitted to name the election officers
or to designate the polling places, they
having been named and placed hy vote of
a majority of the County Pommitt^o,
which majority werp openly favoring the
candidacy of Mr. Roeth.
"A. H. BREED."
The Democrats are having a hard time
to find material to complete their ticket.
Only a few candidates for Supervisor
have made their appearance.
The announcement by Charles Roeth
that he intended to run as an independ
ent against H. D. Rowe, the certain Re
publican nominee, has caused no little
excitement. In the statement issued by
Roeth he charges that credentials were
Issued to the Howe delegates before the
returns of the election were canvassed.
A. H. Breed, the chairman of the Re
publican County Committee, has Issued
the following statement In reply:
"I notice an article signed by Charles
Roeth E««i. In this morning's papers t<>
the effect that he would not allow hi*
name to go before the Republican Super
visorial Convention because the County
Central Committee issued credentials to
delegates before a canvass of the re
turns was made. Nothing coulrl be fur
ther from the truth than this statement.
I appointed at yesterday's meeting a com
mittee, consisting of Clarence Crowell and
J. B. I^anktree, who opened the envelopes
containing the returns from every polling
place In Mr. Roeth's district. The results
of the tally sheets were called off anrt
written down by J. II. W. Riley. secretary
of the County Committee. Credentials
were then ordered Issued in accordance
with the returns.
The new Republican County Committee
will organize during the afternoon and
there Is every indication of a contest. On
the face of things the committee is di
vided, nine on each side. There being no
odd member there is a possibility of a
deadlock. The Pardee faction will put
forward A. II. Breed for chairman and
the Metcalf faction have been talking of
Dr. H. N. Rowell of Berkeley. Both sides
are claiming the organization of the com
mittee and if either side win3 It will be
by securing votes that the opposing fac
tion is counting on. The Metcalf men
claim one vote In the Kelly delegation
from the Forty-eighth Assembly District
and the Pardee men claim the organiza
tion by one vote in the Forty-ninth. They
refuse to allow the claim of the Metcalf
men to one vote in the Forty-eighth Dis
trict.
Tho Republican convention will meet in
Fraternal JIall at 10 a. m. and will nomi
nate Judges John Ellsworth and F. P.
Ogden for the Superior bench. In th(»
afternoon conventions of the Twenty
seventh Senatorial District and the
Fourth and Fifth Supervisorial districts
will be held. Russell (I. Lukena wilt be
nominated State Senator. John Mitchell
Supervisor in the Fifth District and H. D.
Rowe in the Fourth District.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
1119 Broadway, Aug. 51.
There will be one round of politics in
Oakland to-morrow, beginning with the
Republican County Convention which will
nominate Superior Judges and closinsr
with the Democratic County Convention
In the afternoon.
Statement
Democrats Having a Hard Time to
Find Candidates for Their Con
vention—Breed Hakes a
Struggle for Control of the
County Committee by
Factions.
CONVENTIONS OF
MANY KINDS IN
OAKLAND TO-DAY
OAKLAND. Aug. 31.— M. K. Miller has
been appointed consulting engineer for
the city in the suit of the Contra Costa
Water Company against the municipality.
Last May the City Council appointed
Councilman B. C. Cuvellier; Frank K.
Mott and H. p. Rowe a special committee
to act in conjunction with City Attorney
Dow in defense of the city's Interests.
This committee was. authorized to take
whatever action might be necessary for
the protection of the city, including the
employment of all assistance
It is under this power that Miller has
been appointed.
APPOINTED EXPERT IN
WATER COMPANY SUIT
J. E. Cuddy, who is alleged to have dis
turbed the peace at the polls, will come
before the court on September 13.
Eddie Troy, the fourth of the alleged
offenders, has not been seen by the police
flnce the warrant for his arrest was is
sued.
OAKLAND, Augr. 31.— John Gray,
charged with using vulgar language at
the primaries on Saturday, was convicted
this morning in the Police Court and fined
$5 by Judge Smith. The offending words
were used in an altercation with Harry
Stewart over a prospective voter each was
trying to secure for his candidate. The
court ncld there was no evidence tending
to phow any violation of the election laws.
Harry Stewart, also charged with using
vulgar language, will be tried on Septem
ber 12.
BELLIGERENT SOLICITOR
OF VOTES IS CONVICTED
'Ihe junior class met this morning and
elected the following officers: President,
Du Ray Smith; first vice president, W. D.
Rr«-t; sr-cond vice prpsldent. Miss Bessie
Pratt; secretary. Harry Kluegel; treas
urer. Nathan Feibueh; sergeant at arms,
Err.st IMed'-rlck von Loben S«-ls; execu
tive committee— Winileld Dorn, Challen
Parker, Mi?s Mary E. Hice.
The tephorr.ore class nominated the fol
lowing otliccrs this morning: President.
\V. J. Woolney. A. B. Weiier; first vice
president; Miss Kate Willis; second vice
president. Miss Norah Heatty; secretary.
Mi*s Elsie Leal; treasurer.' Ji, T. Mc
l^an, S. V. Reed; sergeant at arms, S. IX.
Dannenhaurr. ; executive committee— Miss
S. K. Baldridge, Miss Elsie Nutting John
Brewer; J. A. Gendotti, C. L. Cook, Wal
ter Gammon, G. A. Smiflison. Allen P
Matthew. B. J. Shay; floor manager
sophomore hoji, B. i_. York, L.. W.
Symmos, R. A. Saeltzer. C. Barry. The
f-lectior. will be held Wednesday.
Captain Henry de H. Walte.'cadet com
mandant, is at work reorganizing the ar
tillery d««iachment. Since the Spanish war
the field pieces have been away, but these
will be returned for u?e of the university
cadets. Examinations for commissioned
and non-commissioned officers for artil
lery service will be held soon.
The physical examinations of the fresh
men were completed to-day, the total
class numbering nearly 300. Work in the
gymnasium will commence Tuesday morn
ing for sophomores and in the afternoon
for freshmen. Professor Walter E. Ma
pee, director of physical culture, states
that physically the men of the incoming
Class are the equals of any previous class
The staff of the 1303 Blue and Gold held
a meeting yesterday. Editor J. J. Earle
gave a general outline of the book, and
special features were discussed. Alexan
der Adler was placed at the head of the
josh department.
In the mechanical department of the
university work has been commenced on
a twenty-horse power compound engine,
designed by Ray Simpnds. '00. Thia is one
of the largest engines which has ever been
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
BERKELEY. Aug. ?1.— George W. Bauer,
l\ C. '97 and colonel of the university ca
dets for that year, has Invited all the
graduate and undergraduate commis
sioned officers of the- university to a ban
ciuct to be held to-morrow evening at 8
o'clock in th^ Spr^ckels roti&serle. The
purpose of the banquet is to organize an
association of cadet officers. Captain
Henry de H. Walte, commandant of the
cadets, and Proftssor Frank Soule, for
mer commandant, v.ill be present.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
Warren Smith, '02. will coach the foot
ball squad of Boone's University Acad
emy.
R. R. Service. '02. has been elected pres
ident of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation.
The Handball Association has elected
the following officers for the ensuing
year: President, E. M. Weight. '02- vice
president. W. J. Pitchford. '03: secretary
and treasurer. P. A. Sinsheimer, '01; man
ager. J. H. Arnold, '02.
Professor Henry Morse Stephens of Cor
nell, who Is delivering a series of lectures
on history at the university, went to
Stanford to-day. He will return Monday.
The following freshmen have been initi
ated into the Zefa Psl fraternity: Robert
B. Mitchell. T. W. Robbins, Herbert Mi
ner and Harry Miner.
built In college. The design is exception
ally good.
J. J. Kline, '00. and McDonald Spencer
'00. graduates of the mechanical depart
ment, are employed by the Standard Com
pany, engaged in developing power at tho
Blue Lakes.
LEGALITY OF SCHOOL
DISTRICT ATTACKED
OAKLAND, Aug. SI.— The legality of the
new I'nion High School district, formed
In Brooklyn Township by the consolida
tion of the Fruitvale. Melrose. Lockwood.
Elmhurst and Bray districts.was attacked
at the meeting of the Board of Super
visors to-day by Attorney Dudley Kinsell.
Attorney Kinsell represents a number of
Elmhurst and Fruitvale residents, who
object to the consolidation as made.
The I'nion High School board of the dis
trict had petitioned for an allowance of
tZi'i'), representing a lax levy of 5 6-10 cents
un each $100 of taxable property, for the
maintenance of th* school. Attorney Kin
mfl\ claimed that there had been Irregu
larities in the selection of the school board
and in the formation of the district, which
Invalidated tho jiroceedlngs. District At
torney Allen t-aid that there were somc
groundsi on which the legality of the for
mation of the board could be questioned.
The SupervlFors referred th« petition to
the District Attorney and the Superin
tendent of School.* for Investigation.
Wants Money for Material.
OAKLAND. Aug. 31.— Silas H. Palmer.
be the afsigr.ee of the G. L. & B. B. Stone
Company, to-day commenced puft against
Masonic Hall Association and
ihe I'nitod States Fidelity and Guaranty
¦ ompany for JS64 95. alleged to be due for
lumber furniFhed L. U. Grant, the In
solvent contractor who constructed the
Wept Oakland Masonic Hall. As the as
rlpne^ of the Plcrc«- Hardware Company
Palmer afks for J20M0. It is alleged that
The hall association holds money due
Grant*
OAKLAND, Aug. 81. — She who steals
a stage purpp certainly steals trash,
but Fhe who tak^s a stage name
takes that which the owner thinks
leaves her poor indeed. So thinks Miss
Pearl Evelynne of Oakland, and her
thoughts are directed against Mi?s Pearl
Evelynne of San Francisco. If any one
were to ask Miss Pearl Evelynne of Oak
land what there was in a name she would
reply that there was a great deal, par
ticularly when the original owner of the
name objects to the wearing of tights and
the second owner of the name thinks that
tights are jupt about right on the stage.
It all came about when Mlsa Pearl Ev
f-lynne of Oakland, who claims that name
as her really and truly own. saw that
Miss Pearl Evelynne of San Francisco
also claimed that name as her real and
truly own and not tho stage variety name.
Thn" names wore unusual, and Miss Ev
elynno of Oakland did not see how ex
actly the same name could have been
bestowed upon some young lady, with the
additional coincidence of both being on
the Ptage.
But when It eam*> about that Miss Pearl
Evelvnne of San Francisco had her pic
ture taken in tights and that picture was
PEART.. EVELTXNE. INGENUE.
AND PEARL, EVELYNNE,
CHORUS GIRL. WHO DIF
FER IN THEIR VIEWS ON
TIGHTS. . " :
Mips Pearl Evelynne, not the chorister
attended the fniblle schools here until she
was 10 yenrs old, when she made her
debut at the old People's x heater. At
the time she entered upon her stage
career she was a prominent member of the
Christian Endeavor Society and her al
leged "harksJirling" caused a slight Fen
sation in certain church circles. During
the past two years she has appeared as
Ingenue and leading lady in several suc
cessful Eastern productions. She is now
under the management of XV. A. Brady,
"People who know me may see a picture
of Pearl's namesake dressed in her tights
p.nd think she is my daughter. Now that
would be awful. We will attempt to
make the Tivoli girl assume another
name, as I fr ; ar my daughter's reputation
is at stake."
Mrs. May Evelynne, the mother of the
Oakland Pearl Evelynne, Is now in Oak
land, while her daughter Is In the East.
Mrs. Evelynne Is playlnp at the Mac
donough Theater, and this Is what she
says about the name question:
"No sooner had my daughter made a hit
In the East when forth bloom newspaper
halftones depicting in gay-colored tights
Miss Pearl Evelynne of the Tivoli chorus.
When I jaw the name Pearl Evelynne
under a chorus girl's Dicture I went right
to Stage Manager Lask of the Tivoli and
complained to him. The chorus girl was
called to account and declared that she
had a perfect right to go by her chris
tened name. Pearl Evelynne. Now that
is my daughter's real name also and .we
don't know what to do about It. My Pearl
never wore tights and does not want to
be confounded with a young woman who
does.
So It comes about that there Is war over
a name, and Miss Pearl Evelynne of Oak
land, who thinks that heavy drapings are
the proper thing for the female form,
and Miss Pearl Evelynne of San Fran
cisco, who has no fears as to the effect of
fleshings upon herself or the public, are
trying to solve the name question to the
satisfaction of their friends and families.
run In the dally papers, then Miss Pearl
Evelynne of Oakland and her family
arose in their wrath against the owner of
the same name.
Miss Pearl Evelynne of Oakland was
once a leader In Christian Endeavor cir
cles In thia city. She has many friends
here and they have no desire to have
it thought that Miss Pearl Evelynne of
Oakland is In any other line but the
legitimate. They do not want the pretty
Oakland girl who Is playing ingenue parts
In the "Way Down East" company— a
play like "The Old Homestead"—con
founded with the lady who appears under
a "Yard of Bathers."
''ninmtttM of arrangements — W. J. Faunt. TV.
J. Kfluardi 1 . R. G. Graham, J. L.. Barnei".
Fieceptton committee— W. J. Avon. H. Miller
C. A. Cove. It. T. CrJri'*. Ed McOulre:
Entertainment committee — J. Doardman, W.
A. Kaiirs. E. Baldwin. \V. T. Crowman.
Floor manager. Henry P<-hwartz; asslrtant
floor rr.anajjer. F. L. Gove.
The farce entitled "A Matrimonial Mix,"
which was piven laft week In East Oak
land by Brooklyn L«odge of Rebf-kahs, was
repeated Wednesday rvt-ning for the ben
efit of Harbor Ix>dge No. 253 in West Oak
land. Those who took part in the farce
were: W. J. Faunt. J. J. Menefee, H. F.
Moon. Nf-llie E. Carman and Annie L.
j'.ryant. A cakewalk was verj- well done
by little Ivah Parker and Ashton Board
man. Mips Strasburg gave a recitation,
sind a voral solo was rendered by E. A.
Pier. Arthur Carman gave several clever
coon Fperialtiei!. Those on the different
committees were:
Th<» reception to the Unity Club this
«?v<=r.ir.g c'.vf-n by Mr. ar.d Mrs. D. P.
Hughes, ;i-^'.s"d hy IJewellyn Hughes
end the Misses <"art«r. was a most enjoy
able affair. Several houri* wero pleasantly
Fpcnt in playing progreMnve hearts and
list*>nir.p io some very VTcllghtful music.
A numtv-r of handsome prizes w^re given,
one l>^:nR a clever bit of painting on china
J.y Mrs. L). P. Hughes. LiKht refresh
ments w^re Berved. Among the guepth
jursent who arc n r >t members of the I'nlty
<"!ub were Mis? Sadie American of Chi
cspn and Mi?? Margaret l'avi=, th** mar
veitrae jrirl pianist of Fan Francisco. Mr.
end Mrs. Benjamin Fmith, Mr^. Cameron.
;.irF. John P. Jrifii. Mrs. Frank Waste?
i:r.<i Miss Ethel AthTton. Other gUfgts
vv-iv>: Guy D. Reynolds, Mrs. M. E. Cioek.
Mrs Ruth Wiliard. R. B. Goodroii. H. J.
Fetrsol. B. L. yuayle. Mis? Marg;ir«»i
Hamilton. M:fp Uracf TS'irrPil. Will Gor
3 111. Edwin E. Renshaw: Miss Rutherford.
Mips Lucy Fletcher. C. C. Everett. George
H. Evans. Mist Finances Iri.=h. Mips Alire
H. Pr^tson. Mist Augusta Zabel, Mips
"Winifred Warner. Miss M<?tta Curtis, the
Misses Meredith. Mies Kellojrg. l. {j.
Ayrrs, Mr. and Mrs. E. O. F. King. Miss
A. J. Parfcor.F. Rowena K. Foster.
Berths M. dark. W F Fredrrick Miss E
L» Morf-m. Mr. and Mrs. Elliott. Mrs. L.
R. Cobbledlck, Mies: Sohst, Miss Fiora A.
Forrest, O. K. McMurray and Miss Mc-
Murray.
Aug. SI.— The beautiful
)! home of Mrs. John Gi!crl5t, on Lin
\:-J/ da Vista terrace, was the scene of
a brilliant gathering this afternoon,
the occasion being the "birthday tea"
»riv«>n for the benefit of the Glen Echo
Kindergarten. The following extract from
the Invitation* will explain the unique
manner In which funds were obtained:
B«*)r«s*nt ycur y»ars bir the Fame number of
rfms.' it -!-«-*l in an esretape. and brtng to the
i*a st.: c^;-*;t in a hasfcn provided 1 * 1
nanx** No tiaw i* otoasarr. "?r win the
eovriepe* be f!*nf<i untl! the affair is over.
No otbvr »dmi«rfoa «rtU *•* eJwnsed.
A« each sruefet deposited her envelope
in Use basket n dainty souvenir card was
given her on which some poetic f-entiment
had been 'inscribed. The do.-nratinns wc-re
quite artistic yellow b^ing the prevailing
color in the dining-room and red in the
reception rooms.
O!fn Echo Kind»»n:art«»n is conducted by
Miss Nyda Walton, assisted by Mist Lily
JJwkus. under th»> auspU-ff of a board of
directors - orr. pored of t»>n ladles — Mrs. E.
F Murdnck, president: Mrs. John UUcrist,
fm vice president; Mrs. E. M. Walsh.
fr-rond rice president; Mrs. F. P. Cutting,
fr^crptarv; Mrs. W. D. Huntington. trea*
¦ ,.r vr an( i Mrs. E. N. Eng'.ehart. Mrs. B.
Herrin Mr*. W. K. VIckery. Mrs. George
Isman and Mrs. S. J. Taylor. The lady dl
r*<-Trr? were twisted in receiving this aft
ernoon by '^f Misses Randal and Misses
3Z\>_:>r-. <'r.v.sr. Jan" Rawllngs, Margaret
Tavibr ar.d Sadi* Drinkwater.
* • •
BIRTHDAY TEA FOR
THE KINDEGARTEN
WHAT IS THERE IN A
STAGE NAME IN TIGHTS?
Miss Pearl Evelynne of Oakland Has
a Kick Coming Against Miss Pearl
Evelynne of San Francisco.
; Jame»J, lumping entered th*» employ
of the late Frederick Delgpr many years
ago and finally became th» millionaire's
•"•"¦rifidersJial advi««?r, handling all of his
properly interests. .-__'
I. ampiner's presentation of the note to
K F. Delger met wiih the executor's
Mum refusal to pay. Suit was threatened
fend finally Aimmcncw!; ?¦¦.'.
: then became current that an
cnswfr woujd be presented charging
1 amptnp with fraud and forgery, but the
case dragged a Ion? without a hearing un
til the dismissal to-day. Attorney Wil
liam R. Davis represented Lamping and
Metcalf <fc Metoalf the L>^1gf>r estate.
The fuil filed by Lamping several
months ago was on a promissory note
which he alleged was executed to him by
Frederick IVlger some time before Del
per's death. He claimed that Millionaire
iKlger gave him the paper as a reward
for falthfnJ services, with the injunction
to rresont it after his d^ath to his execu
tors. ¦ ..r, ¦ ;¦-¦ . . - \ . • . -
it been read<» public.
• r of his father's estate, and a dismissal
v:<s consented to to-day. Lampingr's suit
»a? for UO.O0O. The compromise sum has
A compromise has been reached In the
Etilt of James J. Lamping against the es
tate of his late <*mployer. Frederick Del
frer. The agreement was made out of court
by ih<? plaintiff and E. F. Delger, execu-
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
111? Broadway, Aug. 31.
Heirs.
Agent of the Dead Millionaire Set-
ties His Differences With the
Executor and the
Dismissal of James Lamp
ing's Claim Against Del
ger Estate.
COMPROMISE OF
A SENSATIONAL
DAMAGE ACTION
ALMEDA COUNTY, OAKLAND, BERKELEY
YOUNG MERRITT
CHILDREN WILL
HAVE GUARDIAN
His Selection Left to Pour
Alameda Superior
Judges.
Horace W. Philbrook's Petition Is
Denied on the Ground of Tn«
Antagonism to All
Parties.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 31.
The Merritt children are to have a guar
dian, but it will not be Horace W. Phil
brook. So decided Judge Sweeney tKls
afternoon.
"I am of the opinion that the Merrltt
children are In need of a guardian," said
the court. "But he must be some one other
than this petitioner. I do not consider
Mr. Philbrook a proper person, as h« Is
antagonistic to all the parties In this mat
ter and certain courts of this State. I
would suggest that nominations for a
guardian be made now."
Attorney Emll Nusbaumer then pro
posed the name's of John R. Glascock and
William R. Davis, but both declined. It
was then agreed after some talk to leave
the selection of a guardian to the four
Judges of the Alameda County Superior
Court. On their recommendation, Judge
Sweeney will make the appointment. The
final decision will be reserved until a
guardian is agreed upon.
The first witnesses in the case this
morning were Do. John A. Miller and Dr.
L?o Rodgers of San Francisco, who were
called by Philbrook in rebuttal to Judge
Paterson's testimony yesterday regarding
the petitioner's sanity. : * ¦
Referring to Philbrook Attorney Bosley
asked of Dr. Miller:
"If a thoroughly honorable man should
become convinced tHat another man had
conspired to betray a trust, and had writ
ten to that person charging him with
these crimes, and should thereafter visit
on a friendly footing and attempt to hold
social intercourse as if nothing had hap
pened, what would you think of his men
tal condition?"
"I should say he was Insane; that he
had n.o sense of moral responsibility," was
the reply.
After the physicians, Emil Nusbaumer
was again called as a witness. He pro
duced a letter dated April 16, 1897, contain
ing a demand from Philbrook for $5000 out
of the Knowles trust. Philbrook based
his claim on the fact that A. A. Moore
had received that sum. The petitioner
bitterly opposed the introduction of his
letters to Reed & Nusbaumer, but the ob
jection was overruled. The contingency
of children was provided for in Mrs. Gar
celon's will and that they should have
guardians other than parents to care for
the property that will some day be theirs.
"The parents of these children are not
capable guardians;" argued Philbrook.
"Why, they are so anxious to get all they
can that they are actually robbing their
own offspring."
The petitioner occupied some time In
presenting authorities.
Attorney Nusbaumer's reply to Phil
brook was a scathing denunciation of the
petitioner and his methods. He said:
"This man talks of wolves pursuing a
wounded bison, when he himself was only
too anxious to become a member of tfie
so-called band of wolves If he could. Be
cause he could not rob his client, James
Merritt, he brings this action, flouting
the awful monster, 'fraud, conspiracy.'
Tie does not rely upon law, but must
come with infamy and vlciouaness and
with a disordered brain to defame honor
able men. Philbrook is litigation crazy.
He accuses the Merrltt boys of robbing
their own children. . That one statement
shows the depravity of the man."
Justice Frederick W. Henshaw was pres
ent In the courtroom this afternoon, but
was excused from testifying. Owing to
the prominence given by th>> Times and
Enquirer to the fact that Justice Hen
shaw had exacted fees for his appearance
as a witness, he had addressed the follow
ing letter to the Times:
OAKLAND, Cal., Augr. 31, ISM.
Kdltor Times: In your Issue of August 30
you Rive conspicuous prominence to the. fact
that I exacted fees from Mr. Phtlbrook when
lie subpenaed me to attend as a witness in th«
matter of the guardianship of the Merrltt
minors. Perhaps the. reasons and circum
stances actuating me may prove of equal in
terest to your readers.
When subpenaed I was conyrioun of knowing
nothlnsr about any of the questions nr matters
Involved. I thought then and still think that
It was done polely to annoy and disturb the
business of the rourt of which I was a member,
which court war then and Is now in spskIoii
and to which court Mr. Phllbrook's hostility
Is known. Therefore I exacted the witness
fee.. I carried the. money In my hand and
pave It Immediately to the court bailiff, ex
plaining the matter to him and Instructing him
to give the $2 to some deserving- poor person
or to some worthy ehartty. He has since In
formed me that he did so. Truly vours.
F. W. IIEXSHAW.
ALAMEDA'S NEW
CHARTER DOWNED
BY THE PEOPLE
Defeated at the Polls by a
Decisive Majority of
Eighty-Five.
Twelve Hundred and Eighty-Eight
Votes Cast at tho Election.
Two Factions in tire
Field.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 31.— The election to
day resulted in the defeat of the free
holders' charter by a majority of eighty
five votes. Great interest was taken in
the election, the proponents and op
ponents of the charter working their
hardest to sway the voters. The heavy
voting was done in the morning by the
commuters who came down to the sta
tions where the polling places w$re lo
cated. There was some confusion at
Chestnut and Bay stations on account of
the absence in the morning of the latf
registration sheets, a number of com
muters losing their votes. '; f : '.' V_"~'
At each of the polling places the char
terites were represented by workers.
Among these were Frederick. Cone and
T C. Stoddard at Precinct 1; A. F. St.
Sure William Pettes and Charles Nelson
at Precinct 2; E. J. Holt and Louis
Fischer at Precinct 3; B. C. Brown and
A L. Huff at Precinct 4; F. C. Volberg
and A. II. Marshall at Precinct 5. The
workers against the charter did not con
fine themselves to any particular pre
cinct, but picked up votes wherever they
could Dr. C. L. Tisdale. J. B. Lanktree.
E Minor Smith, Thomas White, City
Clerk Lamborn, City Trustee Alexander
Mackie. Frank Browning and W. F.
Bailey were among , those of the oppo
sition force?. , v.it :
The Municipal League was for the
charter and the opponents of that politi
cal division in Alameda opposed the
charter. The fight was largely upon
these lines. :¦¦-¦ ;^ *-/
The total vote polled was 12SS. The vote
in the five precincts for and against the
charter was as follows:
First precinct— 126 for. 162 against; Sec
ond precinct— 150 for, 10S against; Third
precinct— 130 for, lt*7 against; Fourth
precinct— H3 for, 160 against; Fifth pre
cinct—10 for, 81 against. Totals: 593 for,
678 against; 17 illegal. In only one pre
cinct, the Second, was the majority in
favor of the charter.
WILL ERECT THE TALLEST
FLAGPOLE IN THE WORLD
OAKLAND, Aug. 31.— To erect the tall
est liberty pole in the world in Golden
Gate Park in San Francisco is the inten
tion of Colonel F. S. Hastings, a resi
dent of Elmhurst. Colonel Hastings, who
is a retired business man of San Fran
cisco and a veteran of the Civil War, has
already erected some tall flagpoles on this
side of the bay.
The proposed pole will be 350 feet In
height and 6 feet in diameter at the
butt and will carry a 100-foot flag. It is
to be dedicated to the Native Sons and
Daughters of the Golden West. E. B.
Stone of Elmhurst will undertake the
erection of the pole. The estimated cost
of pole and flag is $4000.
RAILROAD SWITCHMAN
SERIOUSLY INJURED
OAKLAND, Aug. 31.— Charles Roeder. a
Southern Pacific switchman, .was seriously
and possibly fatally injured this afternoon
while coupling cars at the West Oakland
yards. In making up a train Roeder was
jammed between a llatcar and a switch
engine. He was picked up in an uncon
scious condition and taken to the Reeeiv
inc Hospital, where ho was attended by
Drs. Rowc and Stratton.
The physicians could find no broken
bones, but fear that Roeder may succumb
to his internal injuries.
Officers Elected at St. Mary's.
OAKLAND. Aug. 31.— St. Mary's Col
lege Athletic Association has elected
the following officers for the coming year:
President. John P. Plover. '01; vice presi
dent, James P. Towey., '02; secretary,
John P. Callaghan, '01; treasurer, Walter
R. Jones, '02: track captain, John T.
Quarles, '03.
Cars to West Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Aug. 31.-The first electric
car on the new San Pablo avenue line
went through to West Berkeley to-day.
Tho track Is down as far a? university
avenue. % A twelve-minute service will be
maintained.; j;?
. ! ' 4
Endeavorers Elect Officers..
OAKLAND. Aug. -Sl-^The Christian En
deavor. Society of the First Presbyterian
Church of Alameda. at a meeting held last
Tuesday, elected the following officers
who will begin work on October 1: Presi
dent. David Dickie; vice president, Miss
Carrie Webb; treasurer. J. W. Brown
recording secretary, Otis. Borrl well; corre
sponding-, secretary. . Miss Muriel Swain
junior superintendent.' Miss Esther Tug
ey; assistant, Miss Alice Tabor,
¦ • - ¦> - i - ¦ ¦ .
TUB SAM FKAiNUlbCO CALL. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1900.
PROMINENT SALVATION
ARMY PEOPLE TO WED
A Small Admittance Fee Will Be
Charged All Comers, the Proceeds
to Be Devoted to Rescue Work.
MISS HANNAH DENNISON
AND OSCAR HOGG OF THE
SALVATION ARMY, WHO
WILL. BE MARRIED.
11
BULLDOG BITES
AN EX-POUNDMAN
- >^N AKLAND, Aug. 31.— With
' ff \\ the passing away of hla offt
- II JJ cial rule over the canine
<¦ \ is^/ kingdom of Oakland ex-
Poundmaster George Taylor
? lost the magic spell which used to
»* make local dogdom floe at the wav
- ing of his netted wand. To-day he
¦ was treated at the Receiving Hospi
? tal for lacerations, the results of
- an cttack upon him by a bulldog.
This morning as Taylor emerged
- from his front door he found an un
- licensed animal making himself at
>- home on the lower step. The for
- mer poundmaster remembered the
- days when dogs,' warned by the
? cries of the children of the neigh
? horhood, sought the protection of
- back alleys and friendly yards. He
- planted his boot (irmly athwart the
- canine's ribs. But the dog missed
? the rumble of the poundmah's
- wagon and the swish of his encir
- cling net. The king was shorn of
- his majesty, and the bull pup pro
- ceeded to shear his hide. And that
?j was why Taylor visited the Re
- ceiving Hospital.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1900.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
nrslNTSS OFFICE of The Saa Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until II f.Vlork every night In the yeax.
BRANCH OFFICES— o27 Mortpomery street.
comer .Cay; open until ?:3) p. m.
|0t Hayr-p Ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until S:30 p. m.
C:. r . Ijjrkin etreet: o;ien until 9:30 p. m.
11'41 Mission f.reet; open until 10 p. *fi.
22C1 Market Ftreet, corner Sixteenth; open
ur.til S p. m.
lit Eleventh street; cpen ur.til 9 p. m.
ICtt Valencia street; open until 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second «=<* Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
CIICltCH SKUVICES.
c"\LIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R- A. M., «
will : rcevt THIS «.<ATrRI)AY) EVEN- A
ING S^Memlx-r 1. at 739 o clock. M.Sir
M de-ree By "rder of the H. P. f >
M. 0«rw FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
GOLDHN GATE I* -lee No. 30. F. and A. •
M -Meeting THIS <SATURI>AY> _/tu
EVENING, at T.30 ./cl^k. First de- JLaK
ir-ee I5> oroer nf W. M . / V t
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary. !
MIFSION Lodee No. 1«\ F. and A. M— m
.«lle,l mecti&K THIS <S'-V7URDAY)^V-
KVi;MNG. at 738 o'.-l^k. Third de- XlC
PTee. GEO. D. FLACK. Secretary. / V » I
CALIFORNIA Lodk-e No. 1. I. O. O. ,££>*%&.
F -Meml»n -will :r.*-et in lodge r j2StIi5^3iS:
roorn SUNDAY. Seirtemixr 2. at
1:38 ;>. m.. to attend tlie funeral of ///tlv;
our lste brother. J. H. NFAVMAN.
J. H. HANSON. N. O.
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No.
112. 2 O. n . F.— Members notified iinPsSS&t
B.tter.<3 funeral <>f our late
brother. A. LOWTHER. SUNDAY,
2 r>. m. CHAS. J. SPEAR. Sec.
STONECUTTERS, attention:— There will be a
smcker held at in Edfiy et.. THIS (SATUR-
DAY) EYSX1SP. September L S o'clock,
THE Rev. Thcrr.as Chambers Easton. D.D., of
Washington. D. C. will occupy the ftulplt of
Frank!:r. Prerbjterian Church. corner*Frink-
lin and Vallejo sts. Services at 11 a. m.
er.<l 7:30 p. m. Mornir.g: discourse, "The
Urtrent Necessity. " Evening discourse,
"Brlnst&t: Back the Klnjr." Come and hear
th:s eloquent and well known preacher of the
K'-'rpol. Ail s re -welcome. Sabbath school at
t:ti a. m.
CliKAPEST and best In Amertca-The Weekly
Call. :6 rates, sent to any address In th«
Unifd States cr Canada, one year for II,
!«""!if» :>al*1
MEETING XOTICES.
PEN'IEL cstrp meetinr. Beulah Park. East j
Oakland. Pej.t. 1 to Sept. 16.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS or ability and experience In life insur-
ance. Call at room 101. 91'7 Market, cor. Sixth.
WTS r-.ar.file newest r.oveit'.es for agents. PA-
'•IPI'" A <-.F. NTS' SUPPLY CO.. 3461 18th st.
ASPHAI.TI'M ROOFING.
J. PELTIER. «sphaU rtx>flnerride^ r alk"sTceirar
f -r.Tf. la'.d. repaired: postal. UH Mission' Ft.
ASTROLOGY".
MME. HICKEY. cstro'.oirist : Ret your horoec-cpe
with fall exrlanation of your future, £0c; card
resjir.g nr.J palmistry. £Sc. HZ3 Mission st.
ATTOUXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE fr*"* 1 : divorce law a specialty; private:
DO fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, tDO Market, cor.Stockton.
R. W. KING, attorney. 927 Market et.. room 627:
renerai practice; moderate fees; consult, free.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates.
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE fr"e: no charpe unless successful. W.
W. Iwyh-S'iN, :C7 Market t-t.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma, ppreckeis bid?.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
CUSTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. £27 Market
?t.. r. :2.'.: open eve.. 7-»; ccnsultation free.
BATU CABIXETS.
ROEINSON IS, 4-par.el Wding; drcrTpensTfirm
ar.a yafe. W. P. BROWN', pen, apt.. CS Ellis.
UlM.MiSS CUASCBS.
A OORNEB ci^ar ftore on KesjT.- et. ; clear- :
inc above ECfl j#r month. Call R. G. WILK1E, j
MH Kearny tt.
A IVW CCnXEB saloon on Folk stTj Ions
leate-: cheap rent; first-class paying business;
denth of owner cause -if sale. See R. G
WILKE. :c ;^ Kearny st.
A— i3uO— ftALOON; cKige to new Hall of Justice;
rent B0: da.:!y receipts. J13; a snap. Call K.
G. WILKE. :¦•"¦; Kearny at.
A— -JiOOC— PARTNER wanted in pnrter, stou;
and \V«rls« teor bteweif : investigate ; a rare '
chanre. Call R.- G. WILKE. 26' s Kearny st.
A-Cj00; fcTATIONERY. notions and ice cream |
ra.r!ors. connected 'with general agejey of all I
B. I", papef ; al*o general apency of 2 steam
laundries; no opposition in either line; rent
$>:. ; ;n lively business town across the bay. i
Particulars H. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— $600; SALOON with i furnished rooms; rent !
J4S: pl&ce doing a good bu»;n«-6s and is sur- j
rou3d»*d by warehouses and factories; com- |
merciaJ lunch trcm 11 to 1 o'clock; a splendid i
¦ ¦; ¦ :;ir.ir. Call U. G. WILKE. 204 Kearny gt. j
AS;*. ' ''K.N'KK Krocery and bar. with 4 llv- i
tac roumi=; rent J1S; on Sanchez ft.; owner
tick »n 1>^*1 and must t>**il at cnce; a rare I
chance. Jl. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny 6t.
A-51<iOO; BAKEBV, 2 blocks eouth of Market
ft.: i>!ac«! cstab. years; doing a good business;
till store t?a£e; rent J4S; I 1 -, to 2 barrels per
ti£>. Particulars R. G. WILKE. I6Vs Kearny.
A-J-W; OOHJSEB saloon In wholesale district;
estab. many >«.«rs and doing a grood business;
rent $."¦•: a !ir?t-class prei>ofcltion. Call It. G. !
iC% Kearny tt.
A— *TJ : CANDY s'ore and Icecream parlor In
Oaiclar.d; N^aiitifully furnished and a. No. 1
jayinr business; rtr.t JCO: owner compelled
by ill health to retire. See li. G. WILKE.-
SS'fc Kearny et.
5450-UESTAUnANT: near 2 power houses em-
ploytng- 7"f) men; r^H J12 TO; with nice living
iwra?: a money-making r,la<-e. LANE & CO
H5 Market st.
j:3'«>-( -i 'KNnn grwery p.r.d bar: bargain, llc-
LATGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
FOR BALE-f-A bargain: a small milk business-
compete. Apply H. BLANKEN, Six-mile
Il«'use. San Jfrunn roed.
i3M— A PARTNEU v.ar.'ed in a butcher busl-
n»?t ; a good opportunity for right party. Ad-
_ Crt-rs, box 403. Call. ,
ESTABLISHED bakery and restaurant: will
»»!1 ri-aeonable; account of sickness. 714 Va-
lencia Et.
EALOOX on boar ftreet: doing pood business.
• U. S. Brewery. 215 Fulton st.
{"•fn— COAL unit f«"<v5 yard ami express busi-
ness ; 4 horses and 3 wacons; Rood building;
living rooms; Jong lease; excellent chance;
- ¦".'•¦•' :¦*:¦•! . ':¦?'• Sixteenth ft.
TO R9t— For «-oal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
Inr-ation: pla'-o is entirely novered: contains 3
Halts: r<T.t only US; t-ater free. Inquire TM.
KENIiRI<'KSOX & CO.. C!4 Mil building.
G083CEB irrocery and bar for sale; location
one of the best in the city; bargain; estab-
lished U years: rent cheap. For particular^
call at roTn 4Z7. fourth floor, Parrott 1, will-
In jr. San Francisco.
I-'INE location for shoe store In rapidly grow-
injr rw-ifchborhocd : fixtures complete: 4 rooms:
rent reasonable. Northeast corner Th'.rd ave.
and n<-nifM ft.; Sutro cars pass door.
WANTED- Store near ff-rrj'. on good business
Ftre<t. suitable for good clam lunch counter
Apply 1*.. Ml Mission st.
I'-ETIUING j.artner wishes to sell his Interest
in an old-fs-tnblisiied Krocery and bar at ln-
voice. liox 4046. Can office.
j:00--CORNER Krr.cery*arid bar. with 4 living
rooms. 1111 Howard Ft., corner Langton.
gAUXIX for sale cheap; located Sn the Potrero
1.'43 Kentucky ft.
SAVINGS DAKK DEPOSITORS! Send ad-
your benefit. X. Y.. Imi 4010. Call office.
C'PFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CAFWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and fu Inscriptions
received «t Call branch office, 22 f i0 Flilmor*- st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fulwcriptiuns has b^en established at 10W5 Va-
lencia tt. '
LOIJCIXG-HOrSES FOR SALB.
A— S-ROOM rooming-house; cntral $1000
31-rootn house; }3W down, balance easy.. 500
Jo-room hcus-e; fir*t-t lass 1050
SO-rootn house; nil newly furnished 2100
ll-rocm house. J475. 6-room flat 22S
FISHER & CO.. J0Z2^1ark»t st.
IIOI"SES from 10 to 160 rooms; good locations:
honcrt value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
er* : money leaned; to buy or pell your lodg-
inff-hcuse cr furniture and secure satisfaction
T.rlte or cal! SCHTTKIXHARD & CO.. S17
Market ft. above Fifth; tel. Mint 1?U.
IS BOOKS newly furnlFhed: must rol\ tSOO
I(»-rocm flat; rent 532 '>0; barrain 2J0
C. D. DAVIS, room CS. SIS Market st.
«K ROOMS; mort cape<3 ; only JCDO raeh $2400
03 rrii-Ris: finest house in city: $3SnO: suit nice
ramiiy. C. 1). DAVIS, room €9. 91S Market «st.
ITDO^fCBKXSHED flat, r.orth cf Market Bt.;
departure cause cf sale. McLAUGHLIN ¦&.
CO.. 777«i Market St. _^
IF you T*-snt to sell your house quick for cash
mc SKIFJ*, ZH iloctgomery et.
CAnPET BBATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 3C2-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
J. McQCEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 245 Fourteenth St.; tei. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carret-Iieatlng Works, G. II.
STEVENS, msr., 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard,' laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Bt.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet ClTaning Co.. 402 1 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALOOM. proprietor.
CONXLIN'S Carpft-Beatinsr Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CAKItlAOES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of w.-.gnns, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mlsalon.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses, loth & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN 1'IIOTO nPTTONS.
MFT of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. S33 Market St.. S. F.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 827 Market Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and hath. $25. 2526 Maj--,
ket st. bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
SUNNY cottage. 212% Perry bc; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. U1IBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery st.
SPIRITCALIS3I.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium: advice In all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths: unitec tb» separat-
ed; mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed., Fri.
eve's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
MS Eddy. bet. Hyde and Larkin: no sign.
HAVE WATSON read your hand; correct to
life; occult nieJlum; 25c and 60c: lucky and
true. 15»1 Market St., near Twelfth.
MRS. LESTER— Circle Sun., Tues.. Fri. eves..
10c; readings dally. L. 2oc. G. 60c. 127 Turk.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Market.
tT. P. MATCH ETT will hold circle to-night, S
o'clock: lGc; test to all. 132 Fourth st.
FKIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. dally; convinc'g test* to-night 10c.
CLAUIVOYAXTS.
MME I'ORTER. wonderful clairvoyant & cart
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with llferendlngs; laiiies iOc;
gents $1; ialn:. & clalr. sit. $ly8. 12C Turk st.
ISMAR. th-> Eygptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Mark't. op>p.
tth; private readings daily 10 a. m: to 5 p. m.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. CA^ reader; past, j
present, future. 2.V. 14? Sixth St.. room 14.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 1L Cth: German spokn.
MME. ZEREDA; the gypsy, is the great palm- j
!st and caul reader; 2.'.c. 7 Seventh: no sign. |
MME. BCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212'j Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader ar.d
palmistry; tr'Jth or no pay; 25c. 1145 Mission, i
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; busine3d :
advice; na:r<rs given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus- I
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. |
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. MS Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4;h. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can I
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth j
¦without plates our st/ecialty: gold crowns, j
$3 ;.O up; p!att«. extractions free, M 50 up; of- |
fire hours. i< a. m. to 10 p. m.; Hundayp, 9 to 2 j
p. m. <}. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager. |
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from j
the Paris Expo si *rnn with some of the fines', i
patents for rainless dentistry, plates, teeth '¦
v.ithout a plate, crown and bridge work; all I
work warranted: plates, full set. $.'.; fillings, j
tCc: crown. $3 00. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 6th. j
EIGHT iriz*« for best crowns, plates, bridges {
and f.liings;ex«ractions or fillings by my won-
der.'ul secret, painless method: 20 yeans" ex-
perience; no students: advice free: prices j
cheapest an>l guaranteed: lady attendants, i
DR. GEORGE .W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell st.
CROWN and bridge work experts: our work is
unejfcst-l'.ed ar.d cur prices are the lowest; call
and s*» our samples and get our prices before |
poinsj elaf-wh^re: best of references; examlna- i
lion Tre'. I'RS. PERKINS A: DOVEY. 10l3 I
Market st., bet. Fixth and Seventh; elevator, j
TEETH extracted free; plates. *i; crowns. $3 .VI; ,
bridgewotk. $5; all the latest methods . for j
painl«ss dentistry! hours. 9 m. in. to 9 p. ni.
Modern Dental Parlors. 12f»6 Market, cor. G.O. j
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, r.r. Eleventh I
— No charge for extracting when plates art- j
made; old plates made over like new; teetii ;
from $S per set; extracting, SOc; gas given.
DR. ALBERT HILL, fwfl Market, cor. Stockton, j
fi.r a perfect set of teeth and teeth without I
p!a.t»s: lov.-est prices for best work. I
PARIS Dental Parlor. T33 Kearny. cor. Bush- ¦ j
Tuil set of teeth. S4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless*": evenings and Sun- f
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O
YOUNG. 1S41 Pnlk et. . .,¦'*•¦ ¦•-,".
¦'"¦ , dog' hospitals.;
DR. BUZABD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore— J
Advice and medicine. 7ic: city visits, $1 DO; ail
animals treated; flogs boarded. Teh. West £38.
DTt. Cre#-lv*s C F*. miinco cur* and worm pills i
bj: drusBl«ts or at h S[>ital. ;,:0 Golden Gate av. j
DIIESSMAKKUS AXD SBAMSTItEisiSBS
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School: patterns cut to order. 1913 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School: French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleats
tns, pinking. 121 Post, over O'ConncrA-MofTatt. I
KDLCATIOAAL.
A^JlE^W?usTness~C^r.eEe.
f-cnolarshif), J00: Includes shorthand, typing;
¦ bookkoepir.g, t*-l"graphy; day and evening.
Just added, new business practice offices and I
20 new typewriters : catalogue free. |
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
rrhoo! for the university, law and medical
coiieges : references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
! FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and class«s taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VI EKE. Lycum Theater School of Acting.
i 310^12 O'Farrell St.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessonn; 8
inos. in college not equal to R wks. with me;
!25. TARR. expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech. sur-
vey, a^fay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
PUPILS wanted for individual Instruction In
hipiier mathematics; Oakland or San Fran-
cisco. Address TUTOR, box 4^€0. Call office.
IIEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. : founded 1S63; SO-page catalogue free.
PIANO and Gerinan: pupil of Conservatory in
I^lpsic: lessons 75c. 329 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin —
All branches; thorough: positions secured.
| ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
I etc.. day or eve. ; $."> mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Gth.
j LE .TEUNE Art and Craft School: modeling,
j designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
\ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
! A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; eitab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
I 421 Post St.. near Powell: telephone Bush 13o.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; dcme^tlc eerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bu5h 37S.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE ar.d Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. S06V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
liest help. 411'/j O'Fnrrgll 6t- : tel. East 42S.
EMPLOYMENT •WANTED — KE3IALE.
RELIABLE young woman wishes to do light
housework with a Christian family or 2 or I
adults: moderate wages; references; no pos-
tals. C50 Natoma tt. .
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a position as
nurye or take care of. children. Addresb
MRS. J. J.. 1C Geary court.
LADY would like to manage a first-class room-
ing ijlace; can furnish best of references.
V.ox «C27. Call office.
DRESSMAKING or any kind of sewing; chil-
dren's work a specialty. Address box
Call office.
WOMAN wishes rlain sewing to do at home.
£21 MlFslon St.. room 1.
RESPONSIBLE woman wishes position; good
plain cook and housework. 514 Second at.
GOOD reliable woman wishes to go out by day
as laundress. Box 4.CL9. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT AVAyTED— -^FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE girl of experience wishes po-
sition to do second work; city or country, ho-
tel or private family: wages $20. Please call
on MISS R. K.. German House. Washington
st.. Oakland. •
POSITION as managing or working housekeep-
er by Eastern woman: city or country; ref-
erences. Call or address between between 10
a. m. and 8 p. m.. at 117 Taylor St.. room 12.
LADY would like position as housekeeper; ref-
erences. 117 Eddy st.
WANTED— By the day or week, dressmaking
and sewing by a good, quick worker. Call at
817 Ninth St.. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; ?1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bu»
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertfeements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valpm-la ft.
EMPLOYMENT WAKTED — SI ALE.
COACHMAN— Situation wanted; sober, Indus-
trious man thoroughly understands care of
horses, carriages; good driver; thoroughly
competent; city references. Bex 4029. Call.
COACHMAN thoroughly trained; first-class all- !
round horseman; young man; best of city ;
and San Mateo references; neat appearing and
stylish driver. Box 401S. Call office.
LIKE a position on a gentleman's residence to
look after the dairy part and dumb animals
In general. Box 4028. Call office.
YOUNG man from the East desires position as I
bartender: 9 years' experience; good refer- I
ences. Box 4C20. Call office. • ;
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, stenographer, '
typewriter; accurate and quick at figures;
best of references. Box 4031. Call office.
SITUATIONS wanted by middle-aged man and
wife; coachman and gardener; wife a plain
cook; last situation 9 years; references; city
or country. Pox 2020. Call office, Oakland.
GARDENER with long experience, first-class
references, seeks engagement; wife No. 1
housekeeper. Address box 4055, Call office.
YOUNG man of good habits desires position;
shipping clerk or work in wholesale house
preferred. Address box 4052, Call office.
GOOD bartender wants position; good refer-
ences. NE. corner Second and Howard Bts.
MAN with 13 years' experience as manager of
one of the largest mills in the East wants a
position: understands all kinds wood-wcrk-
lng machines and care of saws. Address box
2019, Call office. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED man; position of responsibil-
ity: cashier or collections; bond. Box 4013
Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands
horses, cows and garden; reference. Address
214 Third St.. room 36.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
EXPEnT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles pror>erly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt. j
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
Bale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
10 TO SO days' free rent, houses, flats.
819 Union, f.. 7 r.$27 50 16S4 Page. n.f.. 4 r..$20
924 Hyde, f., 6 r.. 33 00 53 Tremont av., c.Cr. 20
1340 Webster, f..6r 27 50 221 Austin av.. f. 4 r. 14
1930 Ellis, f.. 6 r.. IS 00 1424 Howard, f., 4 r- . 11
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mkt.
FLAT, 5 large sunny rooms. 133 Lily ave.,
near Octavia St.; key at 13G Page St.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window and bath; $12. '¦
716 Natoma St.. between Eighth and Ninth.
FRANKLIN. 205— Nice, clean, sunny flat of 4
rooms and bath.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let '
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery. ;
RAUSCH. 16. near Howard— Flat 5 nice sunny '
rooms; large yard; cheap rent.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; sun all
day; rent $12 50.
SUNNY flat. 3 or 4 rooms and bath; furnished
cr unfurnished; low rent. 941 Jackson st.
$11 50— UPPER: 4 sunny rooms; lower, $9 50. 129
Ivy ave., near Van Ness.
120— HANDSOME flat; choice location; warm
belt: splendid view. Ill Liberty, nr. Guerrero.
FLAT!. TO LET — Fl'H.MSIIED.
TO rent— In Mill Valley v furnished flat of 6
rooms or less; cheap to a good tenant. Ad-
dress Postmaster.
COMPLETELY furnished flat; sun all day; 7
rooms, bath; modern improvements; adults.
172*; Turk Ft. 2 to 5 p. m.
NICELY furnished flat of '4 rooms to let cheap.
Inquire at 32G Fifth st.
I'tUMTIIKE FOH SA1.K. '
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 SO, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WAMKD,
CHAS. : LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,-
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jc.«sie .76J. .- [
ALWAYS. "phone-John 1041/before selling your •
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission. "
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin; tel. Folk G34;
• furniture..* furn'd. houses- bought; Riwt cash. .
$3000 worth of furniture, carpels, etc., wanted.-.
MJ: Silvprsteln, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom. 1103;
ALFRED VVOLfcPEKT. 773 Mission st;,. pays'
¦ highest price for your second-hand furniture. •
W. E. CODY ilate with J. T. Terry & CpQ'kuyg
furnitur^. carpots. 757 Mission;' tel.' Red '3353.
. IIELlT^WAXTED— FEMALE.
C. R. '.HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 135
'..'.. :.'..-... .HOTEL DEPARTMENT.............
2 more waitresses. Salt Lake, $22 50; 1 more
•waitress, north, 125; 2 waitresses. Woodland,
$20; 2 waitresses, Madera, $-0;. 15 waitresses
for hotels and restaurants, city and country;
0 chambermaids, to wait. $20; night nurse,.
Institution, J20: woman attendant for baths
who Understand* mnssage, $3.1. J40...J....
............family department.;-.;;.
• House girl, country. $30, nee party here; .wo- :
• inan. with a child, country, $15; cook, coun-
try. $30: cook. Sacramento, $30. 2 in family;
5 second girls, city. $20: second • girl. Grass
Valley. $20 and fare;. 60 house girls, city find
country. C. It. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
j FIRST-CLASS second girl. $25, very choice
place to go to, Palo Alto; fare paid; call
early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary si.
WANTED— laundress, private family, $30;
Protestant laundress, $25, Institution; ladieb'
maid, $25; nursery governess, $25; chamber-
maid and seamstress, $23; chambermaid, $25,
private family; 6 cooks, plain wash, $30; 4
cooks, no wash. $35: Infant nurse. $25; 2 parlor
maids and waitresses, $25; 5 second girls, $20,
$2"i; hotel cooks", $30 and $35; 175 house gii'lB,
city and country, $20, $25. J. F. CROSETT,
316 Sutter 6t. . •
APPRENTICES on ladles' tailoring; must be
good sewers; paid while learning. G. FLA MM,
U35 Polk St.
EXPERIENCED Ironers on ladies' muslin un-
derwear; steady work. BAUER BROS. CO..
21 Sansome st.
NURSE girl, $10. Apply 233 Third ave., bet.
South California and Clement; take Geary
. or Sutter-st. car.
GIRL to do cooking and general housework; no
washing; wages $25; call after 9 a. in. 1
Scott St.
RESPECTABLE young girl to assist In house-
work; call between 9 and 12 a. m. 4095 Eight-
eenth St., near Castro.
TIDY girl for general housework; two In fam-
ily. 21S Shotwell St., between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth.
WANTED — Experience cloak and fur sales-
lady. Apply H. LIHBES & CO.. 133 Post st.
WANTED^-Operatort on ladles' waists. San
Francisco Mfg Co., 409A Turk st.
GIRL for housework: no cooking; call between
9 and 12. 1141 Geary sf.
YOUNG girl wanted for housework; small fam-
ily. 2."29 Bryant st., near Twenty-fourth.
GIRL wanted for light housework. Apply 305
Octavia st.. downstairs.
GIRL for light housework and assist In care 2
children; refs.; wages $S. 711 Leavenworth st.
YOCNG girl wanted to mind child; sleep at
home. 110 Chattanooga st.
GOOD strong girl to take care of baby. • 723
Capp &t.
NEAT, competent young woman for children's
nurse; references. 1909 Pacific ave.
"WANTED— Experienced waitress; $6 a week;
restaurant. 233 Sixth st.
NEAT girl for housework; small family; $25.
410 Scott st.. near Fell.
NEAT girl for general housework; good cook;
small washing. 1010 Dolores st.
YOUNG girl to assist In general housework;
small familj'. 1SC5 Fillmore st.
Al FINISHER on suits *at M. SIMINOFF, 1223
Market fit.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
wages $20. Apply 304 Stelner St., cor. Halght.
MAN or woman to cook part of the day. 150s- 10
Kentucky Bt.
GIRL of 15 to do light work In bakery; sleep
him*. 1007 Guerrero it.
HELP WANTED-FEMAIiB.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
Arply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave.. between Seventh
and Eighth sts.. off Folsom.
WOMEN and glrla for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
CALIFORNIAN CANNERIES CO., LTD.,
Brannan st.. between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted on shirts; young girls -
taught; steady work; best pay. BRENNER-
XJLMAN CO.. 19 Battery et.
APPRENTICKS on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Cough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32H Fremont et.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
SALESLADIES, makers and machine operator
wanted; only experienced people con-
t-idered. Apply to Manager Millinery Depart-
ment. Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
SCHOOLGIRL; neighborhood 23th and Valen-
cia; to assist lady In housework after school
hours; light work; liberal pay. Box 4047. Call.
GIRLS wishing to marry honest men write to
MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st. ; no charges.
FINISHER and apprentices on coats. 135H
Natoma Et.
FIRST-CLASS talloress; custom vests; maker.
3 Hardle pi., off Kearny, nr. Bush, rm. 7. 5 fl.
FIRST-CLASS vestmnker. S\b Antonio St., off
Jones, near Ellis; good wages; steady work.
WASTED — Woman for cooking and general
housework; country; $15. Call 1842 O'Farrel.
A GIRL for general housework. Apply at 514
Devlsadero st.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman to assist
general housework In Berkeley; good home;
small wages. Box 4033. Call.
INTELLIGENT. Industrious girls wanted as
stockkeepers and salesladies at millinery. 1323
Stockton st.
PRE.SSERS wanted on overshirts. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 17 Battery st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.. between 13th and Uth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions .
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at.
A BltANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10V6
Valencia at.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— C. R. IIAN^Ejr^TO..TTrr?Tl04^EARY^Tr
1000 MEN FOR NEW R. R. WORK
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
100 teamstei*. Bakersfleld $2 a day
20 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
60 laborers, Truckee division $1 90 a day
20 tunnel men for big tunnel. Chatsworth
Park, Los Angeles County $2 to $2 50 a day •
Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare .
FOR S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK
E0 laborers for rock crusher $1 90 a day
20 laborers, different divisions $1 70 a day
100 laborers. Surf, Santa Barbara Co.. $2 a day
Shlpi daily Fee $1 Free fare
t HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
Broiler. $60: hotel cook, country. $60; hotel
cook, city, $S0; 3 cooks, $30 and $40; German
butcher, country. $3i>; hotel baker. $45; 10
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20, $25 and
$30 •
Hotel head waiter, $45: 6 waiters, different -
country hotels. $30 and $23.
2 shampooers. Turkish baths, $50: nurse, in- \
Etltutlon. $30; hotel porter, country. $20.
Crew for hand laundry, country hotel, $S0
for 3 persons; plain washer, hotel laundry,
$25; laundryman,. Institution, $40. C. R.
' HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. —^
A— WANTED
For mining boarding-house, cook,, dishwasher
and waiter, $100 and fares advanced. ; W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay Bt.
A— WANTED
For mines, 6 men to handle ore cars, no ex-
perience required, $2 a day; 2 machine miners,
$3 a day; 4 single hand miners. $2 50 a day: 4 •
miners, two-thirds fare paid, $2 a day; 5 la-
borers around mine, two-thirds fare paid.
$1 75 a day: machine steam driller for quarry ;
near city, $2 L0 to $3 a day. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— WANTED
Free fare: SO railroad laborers, $2 a day, S. ,
P. R. It Co. work ;
20 common laborers around mill, woods and
yard, $26 to 430 and found and fare paid; •
screw turner, $2 50 day. and carriage man for 3
mill. $40 and board and fare paid; man to
care for race horses, $20; cook for surveying :
pnrty, $."0: cook for oil well, $25: milker.
I'oint Arena. JTO; 2 Swiss milkers. $30; cross-
cut sawyers, $35. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
i Clay st.
| 1.0 LABORERS for factory. $1 80 to $2 60 a day; .
j £0 men for laboring work. $1 9S a day free
fare: 10 laborers for mill and woods: 10 boys
j -.-for box factory, long Job and fare paid; woods-
!•' merio/all kinds and others! J. F. CROSETT
[¦¦"¦•AGENCY. ..£28 Sacramento Et. , .
1 6 MINERS. $2 W> a day: 2 Burlelch drill miners. :
. $3a day; coachman,, private family, country-, . .
. $20; English or Scotch groom. 125; black-
V Fmlth, "country, $3 50 a day; milker, $30; 3
I . American nillk wagon drivers, JCO and $33;..
'6 urai'O' p'.Hicrs, $1.25 a. ton; 10 men toi pick •
! ".prunes, $2 .W a ton; 3 men and wives for
I ranches and ¦ private places, $40 to $60. J. F: :
f CROSETT AGENCY. C28 Sacramento st.
I BUTLltR; / $40: cook "and wife. $30;' 3 night •
I coo.k's;. $8 to $10 a 'week: hotel and restaurant
I. ' -waiters. $no: to 140; dishwashers and others...
j : J..F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st:
! WANTrD--A neat -eYrand. boy for -this office.:
| ¦¦¦¦*¦. F. CROSETT & CO;.: 316 Sutter Bt. ' ¦
BAhnEHS" Progressive Union— Free employ-.
ment.. H. Bernard. Sec:. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Men and women to learn the bar- ¦
.- ber trade; requires. 8 weeks constant practice;
'¦¦ situations secured; transportation paid. Ad-
dress. GORDON'S Barber • College, Los-' An-
! eeles,:CaL •¦:.••.•¦•¦: ¦;¦ ; .
;WANTKD.-f-A salesman for' boys' and children's
clothing. Apply between 7:30 and '8 a, m.. Sat-
¦ urday. at "IS Market St. .8. N..WOOP & CO.
.'GOOD cashboys ; r only those, attending night
. ' school need apply. 8. N. WOOD & CO..
v; 718 Market- -st..-:. :¦•; : . ¦ '
j SALESMAN- wanted; furnishing goods depart-
I. ment.. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 71S Market.
! WANTED-rOfflce clerk; one that can take
¦ dictation and use' typewriter; wages $23;
'. steady employment. .Apply box 4002, Call.
WANTED— Grocery clerk for country store;
1 hour from city; -wages $40 month; security;
best reference. Address B., box 4061, Call.
WANTED— Three first-class waiters for a first-
class country hotel, see party at Russ House
from I to 11 a. n,
YOUNG man a? salesman In tailoring estab-
lishment; must be well recommended. 635
Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS barber with reference; wagen
$40 i>er month and found. Address box 10,
Wadsworth, Nev.
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday. 1406V4
Dupont Et.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 122 Third st.
BARBER vanted from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. ;
warns $2 50. 623 Clay St.
BARBER wanted for to-day; also on.e for even-
lng; wages $3. 131 Third st.
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday; $3 50;
from 9 to 10., CO Second St.
GOOD harber Saturday and Sunday. 804 Fol-
som et., near Fourth.
BUSHKLMAN for country- Apply £41 Market
street..
2 TINNERS or sheetiron workers. Apply OKO.
II. TAY CO.. 616 Battery st.
' COATMAKER and bushelman for country by
REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
BOY wanted. San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works. Seventh and Townsend sts.
WAITER wanted at 1212 Fillmore st.
1 ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
_prlce. 5G2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
; SECOND cook and dishwasher at Golden Gate
Hotel. 13', Fourth Bt.
; WANTED— Bartender, with reference. 69S
Fourth tt.
1 WANTED— Elderly man a» porter. Inquire
galoon, 200 Fourth «t. ./-
i GOOD pastry cook: some bread to make; also
an extra dishwasher. 6S0 Fourth gt. -'.-'¦¦:.--¦
! WANTED — A man for selling plants on com-
mission. Call at COO flalght st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 822 Battery st.
; WANTED— Boyl MONARCH PRINTING CO..
130S Mission st.
WANTED— Carpet layer. 242 Sixth tt.
I AN experienced blacksmith's helper. 3011 Mls-
Blon et. ; steady Job.
; WANT ED— Good kitchen herper. with refer-
encos. U. 8. Restaurant. 121» Eddy St.
DISHWASHER wanted at «11 Larkin at.
• -WANTED— A bootblack In "barber shop! MS
Larkin Et.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^MURRAY & READY ..PHONE MAIN MIS
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want 7 a. m. to-day
WE SHIP FREE
Men for all parts of California. Utah, Wash-
ington, Arizona, Oregon? Colorado. Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands..:
'.I Free fare and office fee only $1
Special to-day to the following districts:
DUXSMUIU REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO MENDOTA
Los Angeles.. ..and. ...Santa Barbara districts
Reno (Nev.) and Truckee districts
Crows Landing and. Newman districts
San Luls...^ and Surf districts
Bakersfleld f. and Madera Districts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
and other points good wages
AVE SHIP FREE Come one. come all
It only costs $1 fee and no other expenses
Come, see
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— MECHANICAL AND OTHER HELP
6 carpenters, company work Free fare
2 camp blacksmiths I 60
Blacksmith helpers * 52
Coopers -woodworkers
LOOK HERE FOR HANDY MEN!
Any man handy with hatchet will suit this
Job; 25 men to build flume, $30. $35. $10 and
found, long Job...'
5 men to break colts, $45 and found: nursery
man, $25 and found
WE PAY YOUR FARE
And ship to the sawmills and woods 236 la-
borers for 23 different sawmills, $26 to $10 ar:d
found, anybody will suit; 93 woodsmen, mill-
men: also all kinds of planing mill help. $95.
$S0. $C5, $70, $60, $40. |50. $30 and found ••
304 woodchoppers, tlemakers, etc., $3, 12 50, $2,
$1 and 75c cord, tools and food found
126 farm hands $35, $30, $26 and found
36 milkers and buttermakers $30, $25 found
24 stablemen, etc $25, $50, $60, $40, $30 found
16 hay balers, $3 day •••••
364 laborers and teamsters, $2 &0. $2. $175 day;
some board yourself home; boys for stores,
factories, etc.. city job*;; cabinet-makers,
wood workers, carriage-makers, bridge build-
ers, etc.; come, see
Edgerman, tallyman, sawmill company
25 woodsmen, Santa Cruz County, $32 60 and fd
Planer, $3 a day
TO SONOMA CO.
Sniper; line pullers and setter for sawmill co.
Also Jackscrewer and setter on carriage
TO THE MINES. ...GOLD, SILVER & COAL
60 miners single hand and machine.. $75 & $90
Married furnace man • «"5
150 laborers, different mines, in all parts of
California, no experience necessary, $30 to *o0
and found
CITY WORK— 10 laboring men. no experience
required, anybody will suit. $30 and found....
FOR SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
25 laboring men to pile lumber, large saw-
mill company * $ jZ
Farmers and wives and men and wives for
private places $40 and found
Young man, drive milk wagon, $20 to $25 & fd
ALSO- HUNDREDS OF OTHER POSITIONS
NOT ADVERTISED COME. SEE
Also get our latest lists.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Cay st.
A— HOTEL.. RESTAURANT... LAUNDRY Help
Night cook, mine, $35 and found; oyster man,
$45 and found
Icecream maker $10 week and board
32 cooks, city and country, $35 to $50 and
found; also short order and' night cooks
Second baker, country shop $40 and found
15 waiters, city and country
$25 and ?30 and found
Bakers and helpers, $40, $35 and $30. $60 and fd
Washers, starchers and Ironers for laundries
Butchers pantry men handy
men for Institution, etc.; 8 cooks, different
ranches.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— EXPERIENCED stenographer and type-
writer for a Government position. Apply to
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL MARINE FIREMEN for
Government position
night watchman, sawmill company; shingle
sawyer, $30 and found, fare paid
brick setter and wheelers planer man, $S5
donkey engineer head donkey man
for the woods. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st. :.-•:.
BOYS for this office. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay Et.
FRUIT PICKERS MEN AND BOYS
150 fruit and prune pickers for Santa Clara
and Yolo counties, $30 and found, $2 25 ton: SO
men and boys to gather and knock almonds,
Solano Co., $30 and found, fare $1 25; 300 men
and boys to pick fruit, work in packing
houses and dry yards, long Job, $30 and found.
MEN and BOYS, ANYBODY WILL SUIT, to
pick fruit In Marln. Solano, Tulare, Yolo.
Santa Clara, Stanislaus and Yuba and other
counties
ONLY $1 OFFICE FEE
and fare from 50c up.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WAITER and dishwasher at 19 Powell st.
TWO good waiters at the Golden West Hotel,
6S-76 Ellis st.
WANTED — 4 good bench hands; good wages.
California Mills, 30 Spear st.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; also steady bar-
ber, wanted. 217 Fourth st.
BARBERS— Paying 5-chalr shop; bargain; ac-
count departure. Inquire Call office.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. . S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 'and 33. -years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6. feet 1 Inch in height;
. must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
-and speak English properly. For further In-
. formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
lice, 40 Ellis st.,:San FVanclsco, Cal., 530 K 6t..
:¦ ¦ Sacramento. Cat!.' or 105S.J st._ Fresno. Cal. • •
WAXTED-For U. S. armjv able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States: of good character and
temperate -habits, -who can speak, read ana
¦ write Bncllshr- recruits are specially desirod ¦
¦'• for 'service .in Philippines. For Information
apply to F.ecrultlng Officer. 121 New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco. Cal. .' ¦-¦¦;..
T\V(( sticker and.:two-riiatcher. hands In. San
Francisco ' manufacturing establishment:
steady employment year - round to suitable
men; wage3 $3' to. $3 50. Box 4007. Call office,
WANTED— Laborers.- and mechanics to. know.
th«t. Ed Rolkin-.- Reno Hmi=e proprietor, still
runs Denver' House. 217 Third, st. ;. 150 largo
" ' rooms ; 25c per : night; $1 to $2,per week. .
UNDERPRESSEfv -on ¦ vests. BELASCO &
"•HARRIS CO.. 541 Market, st. ¦;; : : "¦'¦..-
YOUNG men pressers on • vests. • Apply E. • II..
LEVY (Inc.). 513 Market st. ... .... ; V.!
SECURITY deposit put up : for street railway
employes. SHALMOUNT. 1406 Pine. 2-4 p.m..
DENTIST- wanted at room 11, 1065. Washing-
ton st.; Oakland; graduate or -licentiate. ..¦'¦
WANTEDr-To lease 9. route of a morning or
evening paper. Box 4050, Call office. ¦ '
WANTED — Steady, man with small capital:
permanent place;, will pny $65 per month
year round; Usht work. 1016 Market, room 10.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commls-
blon; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood bulKHnjr.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; Me
to 50e. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop for sa|e; terms
easy. Address box 4045, Call office.
JEWELER S-32S Bush St., third floor, room 4.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kef. 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
L1NDELL House. Corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 13c to 2.">c night: 75c to $2 per we»k.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call ndvertisementc and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
IIOIISUS, LIVK STOCK. Etc — for Sale
40 HORSES for snle; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. CJrand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth »t.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULUVAN * DOYLE. Ancttcneer*.
70 HEAD drnft, cnrrlnge and saddle horses;
also pneunintlc nnd rubber-tired buggies:
ohonp. OccUlrnt.il Ilors* Exchange. 721 How-
ard st.
NBARLY/ntWi modern Victoria, with 2 beauti-
ful btnek horsps. ullvcr mounted harness and
livery; big hnrirnln. lloom SS, Donohoe bldg.
FOR *al<»— A (rood noun.1 horse, suitable for any
work. Apply «t 3M0 Mission *t^
FOU sale— A ponil r H rrlnR«» tram: lfi hands
lilKh: chrnp. D.M.7.IKL. wr- Holden Gate ave.
ItOUMtSjt l i'«> I. kt.
A— PIUNTKt) ll«t; hoiisrn to let; send for clr-
oulnr. (J, II, VfMllMKN ft CO., 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY? 19IJ. tir. Ootuvln— 6 rooms, bath,
laundry; ntni-lne view; rent $20.
HOt'RK trt Id, MiM<'nli> place, off Geary st.,
b*twi»rii Mrts^n nnd Tnyior.
SUNNY luxmr. H room*, bath, yard; rent $35.
water free. IK0 tUmh >t.
Wll.LOW two., 720, hot. Ituchanan and Webster
—4 rooms, ront |S; nil modem improvements.
$S— HOl'SIC. £ rooms: brst. cheapest, healthiest
for money. luiVI K'urny. near Greenwich.
$40. FORMERLY $90; house. 8 large rooms,
complete: Inwn. etc. 1!M:> Sutter st.
I N V
SAFE and sure; an excellent opportunity for a
man of means to turn his money rapidly. De-
tails full)- explained .'hid thorough Investiga-
tion solicited at 466 Eiirhth St.. Oakland.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— One brlndle and white bull pup, 7
months old: brindle spot over left eye. Return
to 17A Sixth st. and receive liberal re-ward.
LOST — Light overcoat on 7:15 narrow gauge
from Oakland. Thursday morning. Finder
will be rewarded by returning to 32 First st.
FOUND— Male greyhound. Owner can have by
calling at 3397 Seventeenth and pay expenses.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market St.— Reli-
able ladles' and gents' specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladies treated can return home the same
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure: any one can use it by di-
rections: perfectly harmless: home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist: jruaranteed treatment at of-
flc»\ $5; positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and durinc confinement: skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
448 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully : treatment can be
used at home: consultation free. After al!
other3 fall call on htm. 1023'.£ Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known laflies' specialists, j
have returned from Europe; safe and reliab;«;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F. : maternity
home; low fees. 1007^4 Market St.. near Sixth.
A— NEW process; sTeat progress In medlc.il
science; every woman her own physician; no
medicine or pills used: can be sent and used
at home. PR. POPPER. 318 Kearny at.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; :; yrs.'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office. $5: any aliment; consultation free: con-
fldentlal. 942 Post »t.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
JCG TOT KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
ist; home In confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. arfd MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR WISE — The only jrenulne ladles' specialist.
Office HIS Market St.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
ease* of the human body. ;15 Ma«on *t.
mixes axd unno.
LADT having valuable mining property in Mex- J
lco would like to dispose of interest to respon-
slble parties: no promoters. Box 1G?:.. Call. |
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, enelnes Id-hand machinery. Me- '
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st. |
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showes. •»* counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our-^loor. ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mi3sion St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
FOX terrier pups; bred from Erc'.lsh and
American chJLmplons; best dog for hou#e.
stable and farm; reasonable. J. B. MARTIN.
1323 Page St.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
LARGE-SIZE microscope, suitable for a physi-
cian, for $20; original cost $43. UNCLE II AR-
RIS. 13 Grant ave.
STEEL tanks, all sizes; suitable for water or !
oil: cheap; all shapes; second-hand... H. S.
WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
A— 100 II. P. engine, boiler, two drill air com-
pressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont St.
THOROUGHBRED fox terrier eleven months
old; house broken. Box 4022. Call office.
60 YARDS of Icam for sale. 1S2S Fifteenth st.
A 4-H. P. HERCULES gasoline engine: great
bargain: guaranteed. Epstein. 533 Mission st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 GO. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
A LATEST Improved cash register; almo3t
new; a bargain. 425 Sutter st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 21S California St.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 1P9 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
_ boilers boucht and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
EDISON concert phonograph; reduced price.
$73 ; concert records. $1 60. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
2D-HAND fire-proof safe: 1 fire and burglar
proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st; . •' ' -.:
MAGIC lanterns, ne^ and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARP' &.BRECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN. SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st. y
SAFES^New and second-hand: all sizes. • TH1
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market sti. San Fran.
¦'"¦¦.:. MISCELLA.\EOUH WAXTS. .
A GOOD second-band upright planor for canh;
Steinway or. Weber preferred. Address -box.
4053, . Call ; OffitrK; •;¦'• - . ¦".-.• ¦:;¦:,. ';:V}-.-: "¦'.. ¦•"¦'¦ "¦;¦ '
WANTED — a" large-sized second-hand flag;
state price. ¦ Box. 405S ; - Call- offlog-. -.¦.....; - :
WANTED—SMALL: "'safe: must be in good or-
der; cheap.- Box 4020. Call office. ..-:
LADIES' and gent.V cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom: tel, Folsom. 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brae and. hooka. 103 Sixth st.; tel. Jessie Ut.
IF.'you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
• ;>> ::. \ MOXEY/TO LOAN. >"jf. :. : ¦ "'/ -. ¦ ' '
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
. gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where.. R. . McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY propositlori. any amount: I per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rat»s. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal :qulck
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
CS and 63, Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO., 28 Monlgomcry.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS
.: SALARIES AND FURNITURE
O. H. HARSHBARGER. 322 Ellis, room 34.
AT 126 Kearny st., room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
$500,000 at 6 per cent in sums to. suit In city; also
$1.'0.000 on large ranches; also on second mort-
gages. It. J. MERCER A SON. 412 Pine St.
ANY amount by private party on furniture ar.d
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential
BONELLI. 301 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
$25,000 TO loan; 1st or 2d mortgages; 6"J- es-
tates, chattels. HARPER, 313 Hearst bldg.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California!
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc 33 Taylor st.
H. MURPHY 630 Market st, solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
On furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 1Q1. 6 Eddy st?
C f^ H 1 °3 ne x'U££ a ,i? r ,! ed P^P'e on note without
Indorsed. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture pianos, without removal; no com-
mlssion; private. LICK. US McAllister st.
T « S £ Ia £l ed men wltn °ut collateral or lndorser.
h. P. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
JUUSICAL l.NSTUU.MEXTS.
A k L rJKT£ h 2 ser3 of Planes at SHEIuDSTcLAY
S?i-?-*&' v .!*, the P rlvile ge of exchanging for
a jTKINWAY nny time within three years
and full purchase price allowed: the best
makers of every grade to select from; beautl-
lul new uprights $6 cash. $6 per month; some
good plar.os for $3. $4 and $5 per month
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.~ STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco; corner Brcadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
9 GOOD sauare pianos from $30 to J2C0.
3 fine grand pianos from $171 to $4.'.O.
5 second-hand uprights from $75 to $223.
1 Steinway. 1 Steck. 1 Weber. 1 Curtaa.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON\ 16 OFarrell st.
SPECIAL bargains sale this week-Hardmans.
Hazeltons. Dewing Bros.. Chase Bros.; *ome
extra good bargains In second-hand upright*.
At THE J. DKWING CO.. Floort building.
VIOLIN strings; never wet: best In the world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
instruments Cnrl C Anri^raon 417 fiearv Bt.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE can use a few rood squares to advaataff*
If to be had within the next few iay*. MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market St.
SECOND-HAND Marshall and Wendel. N«w
England and other makes offered low for a
day or so. MAUVAIS ML'SIO CO.. 763 Mar-
ket »t. :-¦»•» _ '-• ¦
DECKEH & SOX pianos are the be»t known ot
all the old reliable makes; you cannot fall to
Ket satisfaction with one of them. Agency
_at_MA£\\Ais'. 7(13 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
2S. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : p'.anon. organs and
all other musical instruments of all grade*
an.l prices; terms ea.«y; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
cu.'tcrner.
REMOVAL of Ke»ff°'s piano store from Van
Ne?s to 933 Market. t.<'t. ;th and bth. next
Hale Ilros..,*: v.ill continue reduction sale for
I weeks; open ev'nss; call and get low pricea.
WANTED— Cprlj-ht riano for cash; about $100.
Adilresa 242 K<-.irny st.
REMOVAL «.ile; ail must ko by Saturday.
gept. 1. HEINE PIANO CO.. 133 Elll* St.
Rood square pipnoa. suitable for
schools. P.TRON MAl'ZY. »'S Post at.
SLAL'tJHTEn .-ale- of uprisht pianos for stor-
age. t:o up. WILSON'S »tora<<\ 1710 Market.
EE in the swim: r°r.t a new piano for $3 per
month. sroTT-cri;TAZ CO.. StiO Hayes st.
THE WILEY K. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.;
Hardman. Conover ar.d other pianos.
BOHUEB & CO.. Hyrcn Mauzy. C,abl»r. Hamil-
ton p'anog. 308 Tost st.. opp. Union square.
BARGAIN— Goo»5 riano cheap: installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.
V.'. G. BADGER. 112 Sacramento st.. a?ent for
Francis Paeon and Hal'.ett .t Pavla pianos.
SUPERIOR vioTir.s. zithers. cM and new. if. \
MULLER. maker, renairer. 2 Latham place. '
REDUCTION rale: new piano;. : j:« payments:
for rent. $2 up. P.RfKNN'. :^ p,-. t at.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS buiM'.nj?. 9;: Ma-ket'-^
Omces, light and sunny. $13 to $?o per month;
light, heat. Janitor and use of tel. Included.
TO LET— 324 Pacific St.: newly painted lars*
handsome store: very cheap.
FOR rent; very cheap: store ani larito base-
mont; $31 Howard. MADISON & BURKE*.
TO rent— Modern store: wel! lighted; 23x140;
rent reasorahle. ZTi Haves st.
PERSONALS.
BEST windows In the city to view the parada
on the 10th of September, facing Market St..
Junction of Market. Eddr and Powell; en-
trance 3 Eddy st. EMERY & SMITH, room 1.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-
covered and renovated; honest work guaran-
teed; prices defy competition: fine upholstery:
phone ZZW; factory, 319 and 320 Eleventh gt. ;
first-class cleaning and dyeing. 4CK> Sutter St..
San Francisco.
V.IIY SUFFER? ~" "
Persons afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how lonsr standing), or an7 other chronio
disease, should call at cnce at the SANS
EOUCI. 1409 Van Ness ave.— the up-to-date In-
stitution for treatment. We have 25 years'
experience. Charges reasonable.
JULIANISM — Julian MacRae. Initiate. ha»
opened his classes for spirit unfoldment arul
Adeptship on Tuesday and Thursday evenings.
8 o'clock; free lecture Friday eve., 8 o'clock;
; consultation daily. 9 to S. 513 Golden Gate ave.
I ELECTRIC lichts In every room— Winchester-
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per nlffht; II 50 to $S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, does th*
hair In any and all styles, 2Cc only; switches
$1 up. 123 Stockton St.
SUITS to order on Installments; J!5 upward;
Jl a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eiehth.
PILES— 300 permanent cures In San Francisco.
who can be seen: no operation; no pain: par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1X0, Call.
HAIR r.uick'.y curled or waved by usinsr Tal-
cott's curlii-c fluid: 25c a bottle; druggists.
WANTED— Old-fishiored silver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 525 Dupont st.
i LEDERER'S Quintonica hair tonic stops fail-
j ing out; cleansing, beautifying; 33c a bottle.
' SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
ALFREDI'MS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1. at all druggists.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo leads them all:
has real merit: try It: only 5c. package.
CAST-OFF clothing, old pold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny st.
PHYSICIANS A.ND SUUGEOX3.
DR~J~h7~RE : KVE. :<".'i Kearny. cures by elec-
tricity. Nervous -Prostration. Insomnia. Asth-
ma Rheumatism. Paralysis. Catarrh. Ccn-
sumption. Kidney and inflammatory cades;
dl*eases diagnosed. .
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
'• 1021 '-i Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
real estate- — city for sale.
reaiTestate for sale by
. •:... thomas magee & sons.
• -.--... .... 4 Montgomery st.
¦ 4 deary-st. flats, close to downtown location.
bringing in $122 a month, for only $15,000; very
Cheap. . . t\
JIayes-st. buy. Van Ness, with frama
buildings that brink in $'3 a month now; lot
25 by 120 to rear street; price $6000; lot alona
worth that, ¦ ¦ - • '•
Lasuna-st. flats In good location; rents $53;
Just reduced to ICOO. • •'.'• ¦:
A vacant £0-vara corner In northern cart of
town, with fine view and la good location;
only $3750.; ¦..:¦•¦.-•¦¦ '.'"•'..:. ' a
PROPERTY BELONGS TO AN ESTATE.
. ':¦ .. .- : /MUST BE SOLD.
20-foot lots on Polk st. for $1SSO.
'. A southeast corner of Polk st. for $2400.
• Lombard-st. corner. 30 by 110. for $loOO.
¦ 103 by 137^2, on Union st. r with 2-story house.
$70O0; : offer wanted. ' ¦ :' ¦¦'¦'
Lots on the Lombard-«t. boulevard. S7H by
137'i. ¦ for $350 each. • .- ¦ ..-:..-
Lot on I>olores St., between ElsUteenti and
Nineteenth. 23 by 110. .-:
Seventeenth-st. lota. 25 by 100, for I16C0 each;
street and sidewalk bituminized. •••¦.¦
Good 2-story 6-room hou.«» on Seventeenth au.
near Dolores, for only $2600.
Two lots on Dorian. 1 St.. 24 by XSPi, $S00
each.
Fine corner on Sanchez st, fit by 101, with oli
Improvements; $3000.
Eighteenth St., SO-foot front, with old Im-
provements; street work all done; $4000.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 Montgomery at.
CLEAN INVESTMENTS. *
AT A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 8o7 MARKET ST.
$2CO.COO — Pays 5 per cent net: near Chronicle.
$175,000— Pays C per cent net; Market St.; on»
tenant.
$100.CO<V-Pays 5 per cent; Market it.; alwaya
rented.
$30. 000— Pays 7 per cent: few blocks from
Chronicle.
$40.000— Pays $27o; grand corner; all rented.
$42,CC0— Pays S per cent net; grand corner; ona
tenant; lease 5 years.
$30.Cf«>— Rents $252- new improvements.
$22.£00— Grand store property. 70 ft. front; renta
$200 a month; all rent«d.
$:0.C00— Rents $173; corner; new IxnproTt-
rr.ents.
$13,S0O— R^nts $143; new Improvements.
$10,000— Elegant flats, not tar from Van Ness;
rents $1100; only M ca.-<h: all rented.
$3,500— Market-st. corner: store, flat and base-
ment; ' modern building: former price.
$15,000.
Must sell: two fine fiats; ( Hyd© St..
near City Hall; rents J75.
$3,000 — Store property on Ninth St.. near Mar-
ket: very cheap.
I $S,Cflo— Rents $70; new flats near \ an Ness ave.
$5,C00-Post St.: thr?e flat?; rents SCO.
$4,600— Four elegant flats of 4 rooms each;
rents $40.
$3,210— Mission flats: rents $310 annually: near
Twenty-fourth st.
$Z.zr.0-Oozy 5-room cottage en Castro st.
$2,200— Renta $3S; Vallejo st. ; worth $350t>.
. -'V-'A. M. SPECK & CO. SS7 MARKET ST.
PARTY ownlnjr well-built 6-room cottage, value
'$3CC0 net. In good neighborhood, within walk-
in* distance of business section, woull ex-
cnlnK* same for unimproved lot adjacent to
Panhandle? will srive or take cash difference.
Box 4026. Call office.
FOR ,aie cheap: business property on Howard
st between F-urth and. Fifth. Apply BEW
Pruj Co.. Alamcrla.
MODERN'houses built; lowest price*: plans and
estimates furnish>nl. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottape; 6 rooms and bath: large lot;
terms to suit buyer. Owner 413 Kearny st.
CHI* \PEST and best In Arnerlca — The Weekly
Call IS pages, sent to any address In th»
Un I ted States or Canada one Tear for $1.
REAL ESTATE — COIXTKV — For Sala
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
3C0O ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGK
lift. M'ire than all other agents In this city.
N. D. SICKELS. the land agent. 6 Geary gt.
CHEAP little- home In town. Alameda County:
extensive poultry houses and yards: hou»« fop
10OO pl«teons; real estate, personal property;
ali for J7T.0. Call SOS California st.. room j. I
TO LEASE— Sather ranch. Ran Pablo Cree5^4
Contra Costa County; 1130 acres; 250 acres
grain land: well watered; rallroa-t facilities.
In person to R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda -Park.
STOCK and grain ranch for sale in Cohisa C* ;
lHO acres; $10 an acre: SCO tcrain, rest In hill
, land. M. S. CIIANDON. Marysville. C»'Shipping Intelligence.
Branch Hydrographlc Of Hce. V. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchan«re. San Francisco, Cal.,
P August 31. 1900.
Th« time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. «.. at noon < of the -120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
ARRIVED.
Friday. August 81.
Stmr Acapulco. Russel. 22 days 40 mln from
Panama and way ports, via Mazatlan 5 day*
20 hours.
Stmr Prosreso, Monro*. 87 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Corona. Glelow. cm hours from San
Dlesro and way ports.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, % hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett. 35 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr W H Kruger. Krog. 45 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, 32 hours from Ean-
CLEARED.
Br etnir ¦Wellington, Salmond, *H days from
Comcx.
. Br »tmr Samoa, Hudson, 20 days from Moji.
! Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt. 2S days from Hono
lulu.
Bktn Geo C Perkins, Man, S3 days from Ma
hukona.
Schr H C Wright, Olsen, 4S hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Bonder Brothers. Wetzel, 24 houn from
Blhlers Point.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jahnson. 24 hours frn
PhelDs Landins. • .
Friday, August Jl.
Etmr Orizaba. Randall. St Michael: Goodall.
Perkins * Co.
Stmr Pomona. Shea: Goodall. Perkins A
Co.
Br ship Klnross-shlre, McKInnon. Hull; O
W McNear.
Schr Jennie Wand, Waldwick. Lahalna; Chas
Nelson. . . ¦
SAILED.
¦£¦ ' FrWay. August IL
Stmr Alex Duncan. Guthrie. south coast.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Glnsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. V \: ".".-' - \
Stmr Matteawan. Crosscup. Tacoma. • "
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Russian Landing
Stmr Coos Bay. Nepander. San Pedro.
Stmr State of California. Gase. Astoria.
Stmr Newsbcy. Hljrgins. Albion.
Stmr Cleone. *Iadsen. Caspar. , >
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. .
Br stmr Warfleld. Pattle. Chemalnus..
Bktn Tam o' Shanter, Wilson, Columbia
S*hr Rio Rey. Johnscn.
Schr Nettie Sundbore. Anderson.
S/-hr Ocean Spray. Larsen. Iversens Landing.
Schr Lily, Bottger. Umpqua.
Schr Jennie Wand. Waldwick. Lahalna.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. Bowens Landinj.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Auk 31. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind southwest; velocity 12 miles.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G E Brossart, Mo
A Brown, Quebec
N Nunn, N C
A Rauhart, Chicago
J Glcs, Manila
(J O Lutz, Chicago
P Treacey, NY
J Roche, Berlin
R Kernon, Louisville
H D Cissna, Louisville
J E McGrecor, Nome.
L W Looney, Spokane
K E German. Butte
F German, Butte
Bessie German. Butte
Dr F W Orme. Seattle
C M Lewis, Nome
W R Mealey, Vancouv
B A Lucas, Belleville
I> S Walker. Seattle
J Tapella. Nanalmo
O C Graeber & w, Colo
C Knees, Toronto
L Wartenberg, L Ang
Mrs Kurley & fy, Cal
L U Johnson & w, N Y
0 A Carson, Phila
J Chandler, San Diego
.1 F Hastings S Bernar
H B.Senter. Mobile
H R Souza, .Honolulu
E B Taylor, Texas
IW R Sullivnn, S Cruz
1 Mrs Ina Bell, Mariera
J E Green & w, Va
1 Miss K Green, Va
J W Hanley, Manila
J n Tye, Manila
J True, Manila
F Fort, Manila
1 J Wharton. K City
O Wherry, Kan City
J E Rattffe, Manila
•¦¦-.--¦. ¦¦¦¦ ¦
PALACE HOTEL
M B Buford, U S N
Mrs R I^ukfs, Ontario
Dr J G Bailey. Sta Ana
A L Webbter. N Y
H Kins. Baltimore
A W Foster, E Rafael
W A Brewer. S Mateo
'« Norton, Oakland
O A Smith, Berkeley
J W Robner, Berkeley
fi Peierls, N Y
Mrs Felerls. N T
G F Nixon. Nevada
J A HaFsinser, H I
Mrs HaselnKer. H I
W G Gasslin, Portland
J H Curran, NY
J G McKlnney, Los A
Mr Armstrong, New Z
Mrs Armstrong New Z
J A Edwards, N Y
A' B Little, Cleveland
Mrs M H Little, Ohio
Miss L E Beacon, Ohio
Miss A Slebler, Los A
N J Nisson. San Diego
Mrs M A Wilcox. L A
J E Baker, New What
Mrs Baker. New What
T J Kirk, Sacto
C A Fowler, N Y
Mrs Fowler, N Y
C A Fowler Jr, N T
A Bull, Cal
W E Lester, Hanford
Mrs Lester, Hanford
Or L A Perbst, Germy
Dr M H Scheuer, Grmy
O Gramni, Wyoming
W Lawrence. Denver
P K Hnyt, Denver
1C Horshelm, Chicago
E J Skillman, N Y
D Stone, Chicago
Mrs Stone. Chicago
Mrs J A Phillips, Can
O J Mayer. N Y
Tt M Davidson, Butte
E L Bartlett. N Hex
O Lipptnan, N Y
G A Ullman, Chicago
A L Stone, Oakland
MrsM A Longstreet.LA
GRAND HOTEL. ;. : .
CM Haviiar.d, N Y
E T Bush. Oakland
C M Kellorc. Stanfd
J D McGilvray, Ptanfd
J V Sher>hard, N Y
W H Hull. S Rafael
D E Kelleher. Eugene
E A Preble. Cal
A H Brown, Cal
%V L Smith. S Cruz
F Smith. S Cruz
A A DeLlzne, Sacto
E B Cobb, Cal
B M Ray, Stanford
F I^lppman, Berkeley
E Whipple, Decoto
M C Nason, Seattle
E W Westgate. R Vi?t
A C Westcate, R Vlst
MIks Warburton. Cal
Miss Caller, St Paul
Miss Li Ills. S Barbara
H R Vail. S Barbara
W A Gibson, Wash
E II Brouse, Chico
A C Brokaw, Cal
J Barrier Jr. Seattle
J n Chase. S Jose
D Ollphant & w, PrtM
A I^uzard. Fueblo
W L Cole, Keswlck
Miss Rav.-lln, Cal
C F Staver. Canyon :
W F Griffin. Chicago
F Llvengooil, Chicago
J R Judge & w, Cal
L Rcdram. Nev
H King. Chicago
J T Porter. Cal
N M Erb. Stanford
G P Roberts, Stanford
J P Clark. L Ang
B Worthtneton, L An?
Miss Coulter. S Cruz
E M "v\>stcott. Ariz
II G Rayless, Concord
O M Westcott, Ariz
W II Evans &w, Napa
K Hobart. S Jose
C Maltzen, Pt Reyes
M Butler. Point Reyes
P Forve, Pa
Dr Look. Stockton
J Fleming N Zealand
Alice Dougherty, Cal
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Following is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In ct ! j1c feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
'equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from . J. B. Llpplncott, hydrojrapher of the
United States Geolorlcal Survey:
TO SAIL.
Ins session of the Bond Exchange was an ad
vance in Contra Costa Water to $69 37»' a . Busi
ness was very good.
The oil stocks were dull, with a declining
tendency in Home Oil.
In the afternoon Gaa and Electric sold from
$54 50 dawn to $54.
To-day' 6 dividends Include Honokaa, 30c:
"West Lake Oil, lc; Oceanic Steamship, 60c, and
Gas and Electric, 33c. j
STOCK AND "BOND EXCHANGE. <
FRIDAY, Aur. 31—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask Bld.Ank
is quar coup..lH 1 ill.S 1 ,i Is do cp new..l33?«134U
ts do reg lllUH5}a » do coup 109 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-st Cab 5s.H6'i — Oak W rntd 6s — 103
C C Water 63.107 107U Oceanic S Co.. 107 '107^
Ed L & P 6s..l27>4 — Om C Ry 6s. ..128 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. 115 — P & Cl Ry 6s. 104 " —
Geary-st R 5s. — » P & O R R 6s. 115 —
U C Sc 6 5U.S. — — Powell-st R 6s.l20 —
Do 5s — 104 Sac El G&RSs. 93?i —
L A Ry 5s. .108 — S F & SJV 56.119'i —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — H R of Cal Cs.llivail%
Do gntd «=.. — — S P of A 6s. .111% —
L A gntd 5s.. .100 102^ S P C 6s (1905)
L A P R R Ss. — 101 (Series A)....110H —
Market-st 6s.. 127^130 Do (Series B)lll —
Do 1st M 53 119 120 S P C 6s (1906). 112 —
N C N G R 7s — — Do (1912) 12a 1224
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — S P R 1st gntd — —
Do 5?. ....... .118 H8',& S P Br 6s 132«4 —
N P C R R Ss.101 - S V Water 6S.115H —
Do 6s 107 — Do 4s 103 —
N Cal Ry js.. — :ilfe Do 3d mtg... — 103
Oak G L & H.111 — Stocktn Gas 6s 99% —
Oak Tran 6s..ll7i&117»4
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 63% 69*4 Bprlng Valley. 93% 95tf
Mann County. 51Vj' — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G & L Co — . — Pac L Co 42*4 44
Cent L & P Co 414 B Sao El G&RCo 27H 40
Eqult G L Co... 3»j — B F G & E 54H 54H
Mutual El Co. 10% 11 San Francisco. 5 5>*
O G L & H.... 49"* 49% Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Pac Gas Imp.. 5i% — •
INSURANCE STOCKS. .
Firem's Fund. 227 — |. ... ..- ' ¦ '
BANK STOCKS. :
Anglo-Cal Ltd 68% — Lon P & A 134% —
Bank of Cal... — — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cal S D & T..105 — Nev Nat Bk... — —
First National. 275:: — :: V -.:. -..'..v'-.-f : ; V -:
:¦ SAVINGS ¦ BANKS."? -; ; - : ., ~ • " -
Gef S & L...1S50 1950. I Sav & L So.... 74 7J
Hum S & ti.. •— ¦",'— . J'Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 45 — [Union T Co.... — . —
8 F Sav TJ. ...507 : — -.I- ¦..¦..' . :¦- ¦..•-:¦.¦¦¦.¦
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....123 i IO S L & H.w. — 45
Geary-et ...... 50 — Presidio ....... — 22V4
Market-at ..... 64% 65 : | - ,: • '¦ .
POWi>iiR STOCKS. . ; : :.':
CaUfornia — 162H|Vlgorlt ¦'....'.*.. 8H ¦ i%
Giant Con Co. 85U S3*i I . ... -. : . . ... ..
: StTGAR STOCKS. v,;--::;y^H-;
Hana S P Co. 5 — IKIlauea SP Co 21H 25
Haw C & S Co — 89 I Makawell S Co 44 44>4
Honokaa S Co. 30H — 'Onomea S Co. 2S 29 .
Hutch S P Co. 24% — >Paauhau S Co. 30H —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. > ;
Al Pack Assn.llS*; — iPac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Fruit Assn 96 97V41Pac C Bor Co. 150 —
Mer Ex Assn. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 124 —
Oceanic S Co.. 93% 95 I . .. ;
Morning Session. -
Board — • ;-,-.;¦ . ¦ ..'--.'.¦-¦. .. ;: - '
15 Contra Costa Water.................. 68 S7W;
SO Contra Costa Water.........*.. 69 00
125 Contra Costa Water .69 25
50 Contra Costa Water 69 37&
EO Giant Powder Con ........*.. 8.1 00
50 Giant Powder to 12M
100 Honokaa S Co .......30 624 1
MO Hutchinson S P Co ..;..... 24 R7',i
50 Makawell 44 12' 2
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 6s .^..,..117 25
15 Pacific Coast Borax..... ........150 00.
20 Pacific Gas Imp E>2 00
$3000 S P of A bonds ..................Ill 75
$:000 S V 4s (3d mtge).. .............. .....102 75
EO Vlgorlt Powder ... ............... 3 37U
1000 Vigorit Powder .3 50
Street— ¦¦..¦¦;..;¦.¦:;.¦-..-;.¦:..¦-:.,¦.--. - -v '.. : .
10 Alaska Packers* Assn .........119 00
60 Honokaa S Co.......... 30 62Vj
125 Makaweli ......;...;............ 4t 12'i
$;0<X) Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s..;... 99 75
Afternoon Session. .... ':'.;.:: i
. ¦ Board— ¦..-,- -. ¦'¦¦:. ¦'¦'... ¦ ¦'¦"; -V ':.. : . ¦ .- '-.'.- ". ;
75 Giant Powder Con.:.;.....'.v..i. /..... .>.?S 25
1P0 Hohokaa S Co. b:-3...v.;:..;.i..v., : ;.j;..-30;e2 t ,^
25 Kilauea S^gar P, Co.^.:.. :;.;-.. .....; 21 5<V
110 Makaweli ¦ ..:..;.....'.-..;. ¦.,.'.,*..¦.:.- .44 12«£
30 Pacific Gas' Imp.....:;i;^.';-'...i.. : .i.... 52 CO
$5000 Sacramento . Elec. GaH-vfe'Ry 5s. .....: 99. 75 ;
IS P Gas and Electric Co........;... 54 00
¦•40 S F Gas and Electric COV..V.V... ¦.-... 54 25 -.-"•'
.'• '••& SF Gas* arid Electric Co.. .......... ."4 K7 ! i
: ; 3<55 S F: C;-is and Electric Co;'. ". ...i...... T.4 in:
'.- .-70 : S v: Water ,«v.j-.v/.:,-;:s:;;v.....^..:^..i 95;,25.-;.'
¦.750 Vlgorit. royder,-; a :5:,^Uv.>.^.;.;..,. ; 3 50 - : :
200 Vigorit- Ponder V. , ,;:¦ , .".'., .->. .. .-. .'. ,.'; ;.., .3 50
. 100 VlKorlt Powder^' Cash. v:... :..:..,.. ¦;>.- 3. 50 ¦'..¦
•• -, ' : /-VStreet— .y -.- ¦¦.¦.¦" : ¦¦.¦;¦:¦¦ -v- '¦ ¦¦.;'.} ;¦-;¦--r.-'..:..
•. ; 40 Honokaa- .:;V;:V..., ;'..;...¦.>;........../.. .30 62'^
'..700. Vlsorlt; : Powjaer; v "; ; .-,.'.A.>;.. v .w..-.'r^i-;J50;.-;
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
' .'¦ '.- '• ' ' ¦:"¦-•"-•'¦ ¦'. ' ¦'¦ Xlorning: '. Session;-.:-.; ": ¦_" .-¦-.".-.. ; - ¦ ¦:. '¦ :-.
¦ ''• : V '' ;¦• --.Boartl— "- -.: : .. :'.¦};:¦;.:¦ .r^ .:-;:¦ '¦'-.. /\ ; '-'.' -'..'-. ;" ¦":'}¦ :: .' ¦ •
¦¦ ; :¦ U^i^,.^^^^...*;:.! :.. .62 -, : -
Kern:' -Rivera v.^v;>;vV.^\:i.-.>..;>..». v- 19.00, -
: ..10Q' Twenty-eight ¦;..¦.;.. v'.y. ::...... ;..i,v*.v.'. 1 6>
¦'•-.-;¦ 100 'twen tyfflk-ht ;.'.¦>. >>.*> -:•¦•,•>• ; .-•-¦'••> "t •>/-.. -*'-'.'. 0 .--'.-
•'¦'¦.¦'¦¦•/•¦.• .';¦¦'• ¦''.-/ '•'¦ VAftefnoon- Sesslp.n. ¦ ,.;¦;. ; ' - ; : : ;. ;,;
Board—
¦:,-45Q-llome:.OH:;/:,:-.^;;v v ;.vi....v..,v.-^i-*.^-.;'
¦ 60Q- Cala-Standard: ¦:,...i^..;.;.v'..;...v.r.;... ¦ • 31 ...
¦v366-CaiarStivndard.,-;;..y^;»>v: r .v. r .V..v.; v-.g*:-;/
¦ 500'Cala-Staridard, :.;..i;....;y..>..;i....... . •¦ 3? ;
:¦. :65-Kerh.^R|ver:,>^^v;.;..{ ? y^^.;.:;-.Vr.V;>y/.20.0Ov...
¦- ;;i0O.Sterll.ng : O fc D Co;;.-^-^-'----"---' | B'
¦:.15^Twent^-elKht:C;vi;.V;;^.i^*;V'... : 5 .>..--;,l;<*v;
- --:iR3-'.Twr.n.ty-e-!(;ht- :--. ; .,::,i.v-. ,;....;v..>.. .-.y.;.-^ .:¦}. S» ¦'¦
;. ;.4UQ'Tw:ent y r eight/;..i .-...>;:.-:•;• -••-V......V..;! >o;;.-
MINI". ' roCKS.
: The-fbllowinpr were the gales In theSan Franr.
't;lsco".Stoek'and-:-Kxr-!nnK. : -Hoard : yesterday: '.... -
: . ,¦--.'¦ '¦¦.. "••¦¦¦¦ : ::. .¦':- Mornins^ Session;" ¦'/'¦¦ ".-.-'¦ - : '-y :¦¦'.,:¦'..
'¦ :oo Caledonia-. v.y;-V 37^700 Pot6si\;.v.:.;v.:.,;. ; 20
100 Caledonia .,;,., 3S?'» Savage ..;;......' ft».
250 Crown Point :... H: 1W SIerra:..Nevadaj: 31
4f«n Gould & Currr'l >i !l3"0;Silver Hill .... 2C
BOO Justice .::.;...: 02 f.oo Silver, Hill : ; .... 27
/.on M^icnn ; .......; 2^: 100 Silver .Hill ......25
250 Mexican : ... . .i.> &> l f '<> Union Von .. ;-,;. IS
¦ 300 Overman .>.'.';..-;¦ :Q5 SW Tellow Jacket.. 13.
v- : .-¦ . .;•.;•'¦ .;-. Afternoon Session.^. ;¦;.;;. • ;.
K00 Chollar '.I;:..... 14 300 Overman ;;..... OS
150 Co£ Cal & Va-.l 25 20l> Silver Hill: .... 33
•>o° no" id * r-'irry "» 100 Sliver ! Hill . . . . 32
.; lOO Hal« * Norc.M 200 yellow Jacket.. 21
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:; :.:.. :.: .
Morning Session, '. ...
400 Best & Belcher 16 300 Potosl .......... 20
100 Challenge Con.. 13 200 Silver Hill .... 30
200 Con Cal & Va..l 20 300 Silver Hill .... 33
600 Gould & Curry 18 200 Silver Hill .... 22
600 Gould & Curry 19 300 Yellow Jacket.. D
500 Gould & Curry. 21!
Afternoon Session.
"flft Andes .......... 071 300 Potost .......... 21
200 Caledonia 40 100 Sierra Nev-ada. 32
fiOO Chollar ......... H *™ Silver Hill .... 33
Crown Point 12 ' 300 Silver Hill .... 32
300 GmiW & Curry 19 200 Yellow Jacket.. 20
100 Ophir Z.. ..... « TOO Yellow Jacket.. 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS^
:'':¦ : FRIDAY, Aug. 31—4 p. m.
Alnha : '-.. ».'..;'.. 0* 05 Justice 02 03
Aiti .... 02 04 Kentuck — • 01
Andes'".".'.-.... 07" OS Lady Wash .... — , 03
Belcher .... U 13 Mexican 23 26
Best & Belcher 15 16 Occidental 09 10
nuiiion' 02 03 pphir 49 50
Faledonia ...... <0 41 Overman 05 OC
Chollar . ...... V13 14 1 Potosl 20 21
Challenge Con.. 18 08 09
r-onfldence 60 fio Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va. .1 20 1 30 Seg Belcher. .... 02 03
Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada, 31 32
Con New York 01 02 Filver Hill .....: S3 . 34
p,' kil ron ... — 45 St Louis — 12
Orown Point ... 12 » | ta " da ' rt •-••* <» -i
i-irrheauer ¦— 02 Syndicate — 08
Gould q & Curry 19 20 Union Con ..... 18 19
Halo Al Norc... 13 1< I'tah 04 OS
I u 1 U * . . °/..... - 01 Yellow Jacket.. 20 21
CALL CALENDAR.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tida
and the last or right hand column gives tbe
last tld« of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as *omet!mes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when' a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Ten.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 1
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
* — _ __ jj.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Sui>erlntendent.
Sailed Aug 33r-Stmr Eureka and ichr Helen
N Kimball. foe' San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Am a— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Autr 30.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug Jl— Br ihip Centu
rion, from Nagasaki.
Sailed Aug 31— Stmr Columbia, for Saa Fran
cisco. „
PORT TOWNSENIV- Passed Au? Jl— Ship O
lumbta. hence Aug 13: Jap stmr Idzuml Maru.
from Victoria; uhlp John C Potter, frm Kehel.
Sailed Aug 31— Schr Ethel Zane. for San
Pedro; schr Sco!tan#. for Callao.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Aur H— Chtl
bark George Thompson, from Port Townsend;
schr S C Holmes, hence Aug 8.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aue 31— Schr Loa!«,
hence Avz 10.
GP.ATS HABOR— Arrived Aur Jl— Schr Vo
lant, hence Aug 11; schr Lena 8weas«y, hence
Aug 12: schr Guide, hence Au» 1«.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Au» H— «tmr
A'catra:, from Elk.
FOREIGN PORTS. -
VICTORIA— Arrived Aug Jl— Stmr AJ-KI. fm
Skacuay.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Au* 29-Br itmr Be«
conshlre. for Victoria.
SYDNEY— Sailed Aug 23— Br itmr Moasa, tot
San Francisco.
RIO DE JANEIRO— Sailed Au» SI— Tur I*
Luckenbach. for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— In port Aur 17 ready for «*a—
G«r ship SIrius. for Portland. -
N AN AIMO— Arrived Aur J0—Stmr Mlnoola.
hence Avs 27. ... ¦ ¦ •
VICTORIA— Arrived Aug J0-Jap »tmr Idzumt
Maru. from Yokohama.
ACAPULCO— 8alled Aur »— Stmr Saa Jo««.
for Panama: stmr Costa Rica, for Panama.
MANILA— Arrived Aus 2S— Stmr Conemaujh.
from Taku.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived July 20— Br ship
Ben Lee. from Shileds.
SCATTERY ROADS— Arrived Aug JO— Br
ship Combemere, hence March 14.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 31— Stmr Cap B"rto.
from Hamburt, etc
•NEW YORK— Arrived Au* 31— Stmr St Paul,
from Southampton and Cherbourg:; itmr Min
neapolis, from London: stmr Campania, from
Liverpool and Queenstown.
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug JO— Stmr Bulgaria.
from New York. Jl— Stmr Fuerst Bismarck,
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug; 11— Stmr Cymric
from New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aur J3— Stmr Brecon
shire, for Victorla.
8YDNEY. NSW— Sailed An* 23— Stmr Moaaa,
for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Air XI— Stmr Numidlan.
for Montreal.
MOVILLE— Sailed Aug Jl— Stmr Aachoria,
from Glawrow for New York.
QUEnN'STOWN— Sailed Au* Jl— Stmr New
England, from Liverpool for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Aur Jl— Stmr Au«
uste Victoria, from Hamburg for New York.
QUEEXSTOWX- Arrived Aus 31— Stmr Luca
nla. from New York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
NAPLES— Arrived Anr 31— Stmr Kaiser Wil
helm II. from New York for Genoa, and pro
ceeded.
CHERBOURG— Palled Aur 31— Stmr August*
Victoria, from Hamburg for New York.
SEATTLE— Palled Aug 80— V S atmr Lawton.
for San Francisco; itmr South Portland, for
Skasruay.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Augr 31— Schr Eth-I
Zane., for San Pedro.
UL'RDKA— Arrived Aug 31— Stmr Brunswick,
hem e Auc 29.
SEATTLE— Arrived Au» «— Jap stmr Idzuml
il»ru, from Yokohama.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Aur Jl— Schr Maxim,
fmm Eureka.
S'ailed Aug 31— Schr Bertha Dolbeer. for Eu
reka.
EUREKA— Arrived Augr 31— Stmr Del Sorte.
from Astoria.
SPOKEN.
An* 15-14 N 25 W. Br ship Australia!*, fa
Tyne for Ean Francisco.
43 N 130 W, ship S D Carleton. from Tacoma
for I>utch Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEXD- Arrived An* XI— Scnr
II D Bendlxsen, from Honolulu: bktn Planter,
from Honolulu; ship Star of Italy, from Vic
toria.
Passed In Aug 31— Brig Blalteley. from Ba
ring .Sea for Seattle.
Sa'.led Aug 31— Haw ship Balclutha. for Port
Pirie: schr Annie M Campbell, for Honolulu;
Bi ship Clan Mackenzie, for Fraser River.
HAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 30— 3chr Fred E
Zander, from Seattle: schr La Gironde, from
Grays Harbor.
POUT LUDLOW-Sailed Aus 31-Schr Spo
kane, fcr Callao.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Au* 31— Stmr Rival.
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 23 — Stmr Washtenaw.
hence Aug 24, and sailed Aug 30 for San Fran
j Cisco.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Builders' Contracts.
Miss B. Eella Colby (owner) with J. L. Ar
thur- (contractor), architects Newsom,- Neweom
& Newsom — All work for a two-story basement
and attic frame building on lot on W Hue of
Taylor Ftreet, 55 S of Washlncton, 27:6 by
137:6; Jfi700. ¦ ' = ¦
Caroline Wingerter (owner) with Ferdinand
"Wagner (contractor), architect Maxwell G;
Bugboe— Brickmason's work. including all
brick work, pressed or 'molded brick, marble
ptepa and mosaic work for two two-story and
attic frame residences on lot on S line of
Clay street. 93 1-6 feet W of Pierce, W 66 2-3
feet by , S 127; $}33S.
Same owner with C. Krecker (contractor),
Young Men's Christian Association of Oak
land to Emily M. Vrooman, lot on N line of
Twelfth street. 94:2 E of Clay, N 100, by E
10 Inches. Oakland; $650.
: Sigurd Edmonds to Ellas F. and Elln Sande
lin lot on N lino of West Fourteenth street,
183.TJ E of Center, E 25 by N 110, being lot 8,
block PS2, on Mai' of Bas-eball Grounds, Four
teenth and Center streets, Oakland; $10.
.Alexander Navander to Bertha Nevander, all
interest in the following: Lot on N line of
Second street, 73 E of Webster. E 27 by N 100,
being- lot 2S and W 2 feet lot 27, block lfi, Oak
land; also lot on NW line of Fourteenth avenue
117.39 SW of East Twenty-fourth street, SW
3S.78, NW 167.84, -XE 2S, SK 70. NE 9. SE 103.45
tf> beginning, block 141, Clinton, East Oakland;
no. . ¦¦¦¦:
Oakland Bank of Savings to Julia Josephs,
same, Oakland; $3700. >
W. Edward Thomson : (single) to E. M. Gib
son, lot on E line of Franklin street. SO N of
Durant, N 50 by E 125. Oakland: $10.
Lucy and William H. Jackson to Elizabeth
Murphy, undivided half Interest in lot on S
line of Ninth street, 125 E of Alice, E 25 by S
100, belnc lot 11. block 84. Oakland; gift.
Peter Vlolich to Felix P. Vlollch, lots 21 and
£2. block ui, lots 26, 27 and 2S, block 32; also
lot on SW corner of Brush and Twenty-flrst
streets, W 100 by S 33:4, being portion lot 7,
block 29!*, Oakland; gift.
Soren N. and Anna A'. Sorensen to Anna A.
M. K. Nielsen (wife of M. S. F..). lot on SE
line of Howe street. 200 NE of John. NE 30
by SE 125, block L, Thermal Hill, formerly the
How? Tract, Oakland? '$10.
¦ W. A. and Lettie FjfrbeB to same, lot on SE.
line of Howe street.' 2S) NE of John. NB 30\ by
SE 125. block L; same. Oakland; $10. . : . •
Alice and Christopher Green to Mary -Ken
nedy (wife of James), lot on S line of Seventh
Ftreet, 125 E of Webster, E 25, S 100,.. W 30.
60; E 5, N 50 to beginning, being, lot 11 : arid
a portion of lot 10. block 63, : Oakland: $10.'
Fred E. Harris et al. (by A ; W. iUshop, com-,
mlps'oner) to Andrew Jones, ¦ lot? S. 9 and 19.
block . N, '"•¦ of Andrew .'.-.. Jones'-'-subdlvislon".- of
Brooklyn. Township, Brooklyn Township;. $1151. :
Andrew and Jane. C. ¦ Jones ti>. Fririces Harris
(wlfe.of F...E.), same. Brooklyn/rT-QWnsh.'p;. $io_
-¦¦¦ France^- and Fred '¦ E.. Harris . fto- Leroy : Ml
Murdock. same, Brooklyn. .Township; $1K\, .' •„.-;.
.Home Building Company to ¦-¦Geprjfe .R/:Wa.r
ren, lot- *n S line ' of- : Forest street;- 565:S2 - E of:
P>ralta;.- E--25; S' 181.13. . W 2r>, N lS0:t;3 to be^'.
Klniiinfr. being- •¦ portion ¦ lot ;¦ IS. .map of --Forest-
Park- Tract;-; Brooklyn, Township; . jio..: . : :. •-¦..'.
Same to A. Maria' Keller, -lots- 45 and ;46.: rriaj)
of name, .•-.Brooklyn Township;. JW. : . •;;... . : •; v
Same;: to Hiram: .E! -Hlrchcrpfti: lot : .S2." same,
Brooklyn Township ;. $10:- •' V .'. £¦¦;<; . • ' ¦¦¦¦¦.' ¦ ¦:' ¦: }¦ ¦'., .- -
Ijewls .TV-Higgin?- to G. ..A. Douglass, lot em
S line of Waller, avenue, -.80 -W: of Laurel, jstreet;
:W -80: ..by- -S : - 132.50;':. being. .Iots;.i6.:an.d.-17;;:.blbck
K. • amended : pnapV.- / p{ 1 ; ; --;M<)ss..';-l l .raci;; Brobklyri
¦ Township ' (Fubjectv to. a -'mortga );e ' fur $ I'll).: $10. ; :
¦ •¦V-C:'--O'., :IV. >V-/:a.n<i -Frank; Jt. ; i .'liild.; .T.. :S. Raid.,
and- -.Charles*: A->. Walker .(by..^car -L. IloKe-rs,,
Sheriff) Jtn.r^wrenpe.Massai.iot ¦¦¦.!,¦'¦ ihy-rk'tf^'Ofl.
•m.a]Vv6f ; v : FltchburK;:HoineBtead: lots;: .Brooklyn;:
.Townsi»ipj;v$500i;--. ¦•- '^i ¦'¦¦¦:¦¦¦':'- ¦^¦J' : V > : .v ; ;.p:.'..v :: ,',':: ; :
I.'ifaiu A. Luttrell (tru'tee). Wlhnlpi ;Perlne
an-i \ViUlam, ' .If...;:JoTin J. -.-. and ;.Th6rna« ; F,
KeUjrVto fieorge C.Macklnnoh,. Jot on S line of
Santa : Clara- avenue. fiOE ot Sherman street,. E
SO bjt'S IM; 'nelnK.lota 3 and 4, block 20, on map
of Mary A. Fitch Homestpad.- Alameda: $10:
¦; /Lizzie R.-and B. F. Whitton to.D. M. Bull,
lot on NE corner of Piedmont way and Kearney
avenue, E 135 by N 40.. beinsr the S. 4rt feet of
lot 10. Mock !». Kearney : - Tract, Berkeley; $ia :
Herman Brc»er to William G. and Lissette
Fredericks, lot on N line of Taylor avenue, :
105:2^ r of Sixth -street. W. -12 by :N .- 100:2H.
Alameda ; $10. ¦ ' '.-..-.
Ida Bertha Pfelffer to Elizabeth Pfelffer, lot
on 8 line of Central avenue, 14S W of Lafayette
or Nineteenth street, W 58 by S 150, being lot
4 8nd E 9 feet of lot S, block 2, amended map
of Bartlett Tract. Alameda; $10. ¦
Charles Babb and A. L. and Abbie C. Payne
(by M. M. Fltz, attorney) to Carl A. Frledel,
lot 4. block B, map of J. E. McElrath Tract,
Oakland (quitclaim deed); $10. . :
J H. and Agnes A. Simpson to George Kitto,
lot on E line of "West street, E0.23 S of Tlilrty
third or Nolan. S 35.26 by E 116. being a portion
of lot 1, block F, on map of property of Cen
tral Land Company. Oakland; $10.
George A. Douglass (single) to L. T. Hlg
glns lot 17. block 24. map of San Antonio, East
Oakland; $10. ¦ .¦
F. L. and Marie I. Bateman to Town of
Berkeley, right of way for sewer purposes on
following described: Beginning at a point 630
feet S from S line of Webster street, thence W
to center line of Bateman street. Berkeley;
John C. and Charity L. Rogers to Edward I*.
Flllmore, lot on W line of Whitney street,
1C0 S of Woolsey, W 100 by S 37. being, lot 18.
map of Berkeley Park. Berkeley; $10.
¦ -Protestant Episcopal Mission of St. Mathew
to Protestant Episcopal Church In the Diocese
of California, lot on S line of Alcatraz ave
nue 100 W of Calais street, -W 50, S 12S.59. E
CO N 128 79 to beginning, being: lot 7, block A,
Paradise Park. Berkeley; Sjrant.
Marie A. and M. .B. Curtis to Jeanette Levy,
lot 11 on map of Peralta. Park, Berkeley; $10. ,
Hunnah E. S. Hem en way to Florence C. Kal
«=«•%' (wife of H. L.). lot on W line of Spruce
street 60 S of Vine. S 50 by W 129:2. being
a portion of lot 4. block 7. on T. M. Antisell'is
Mar of Villa Lots. Berkeley; $10.
John Ellsworth, C. W. Damon. B. E. Combs
and C O. Johnson (trustees Enclnal Lodffe No.
104 I O.O.F.. transferring trust) to D; W.
Martin V. M. Frorldcn and Peter Chrlstensen
ftnif-tees of same lodge), lot on NW line of
Pork street, as widened. 10 feet on: W side,
and Canton street (or Clara avenue) as widened,
10 feet «J N-Blde. N 40:9,^W £4:2»i, S 40, E to
beeinninEr. Alameda; $10.
Elmer E. and Fanny E. Brown to Eleanor M.
Smith, lot on E line of Hillegass avenue. 333.S6
feet S of Dwlght way. S EO by E 159.48. belnif
lot 22 block B,i Hillegass Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Mahala Brown to Ilstelle R. Brown, lot on N
line of Channintr way, 175 W of Ellsworth
street. W 50 by N 130, being portion of lot 3.
block 13, on map of property of College Home
stead Association, Berkeley; $10. ;•;..-,-,.-•%
—— ¦ - *
Alameda County.
Frank E. and Gertrude Pcabody to Mary B.
Rrittan, lot on SE line of Brannan street, 300
NE of Sixth. NE 37:6 by SE 125; $10.
Louis Godet to Jeanne Goiiet (wife), lot on
NE line of Chesley street, 115 NW of Bryant,
NW 23 by NE SO; gift.
Amalla Olson (Incompetent) (by Samuel B.
Ruspell. guardian, by nanlel C. Deasy. com
missioner) to Mission Homo and Loan Associa
tion, lot 431, Gift Map 1; $693.
Sarah F. Lang to Henry A. Crane, lot on 8
corner of Thirty-sixth avenue and L street, SE
75 by SW 100, lot S, block 52, Paul Tract; $350.
John II. Kruse to Adolph Meyer, lot on S line
of Montcalm (Parker) street. 135 E of Alabama
(Columbia place), E 25 by S 100; $10.
Samuel and Annie H. Moots to John H.
Kruse, lot on W line ot Shotwell street, 150 S
of Twenty-third. S 36:9 by W 122:6; $10.
Thomas Hooker (husband of Elizabeth Hook
er, insane) to James Condon, lot on S line of
Twenty-seventh street, 221:6 W of Church. W
41 by S 105; $1500.
Estate of Bastlno Ollva (by Assunta Oliva,
administratrix) to Joseph Cuneo, undivided H
of lot on E line of Powell street. 87:6 S of
Lombard. S 22:6 by E 93:6; $3000.
Conrad Motzer to Dorathea Motzer, lot on
NW corner of Twenty-first and Hampshire
streets. N 93 by W 25; $10.
Pacific Bank to Orvllle D. Baldwin, re-record
1736 D, 293, lot on SB corner of Clay and Ma
ple streets. E 137:6 by S 127 :3U; $8000.
Orville D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Amelia
Walsh, lot on E line of Maple street. 77:8Vi S
of Clay, S 25 by E 87:6; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Eliza
beth Ellis, lot 2, block 2, Marlon Tract (hospi
tal lot) ; $10.
Moses M. and Carrie Stern to Mary A. Fritz
(wife of Eugene N.), lot on S line of Frederick
street, 100 E of Ashbury, E 26:3 by S 100; $10.
John W. Egan to Catherine Egan (wife), lot
on S line of Golden Gate avenue, 27:6 W of
Scott, W 27:6 by S 110; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Eva S.
Gilmore, lot on N line of Sutter street, 130 E
of Fill more, E SO by N 137:6; $— .
R. C. Mattlngly to Jesse W. Lillenthal (trus
tee. American Bonding and Trust Co.), lot on
N line of Green street, 125 W of Laguna, W
30:Ui by N 100, trust deed consideration, to se
cure bonds; $— . •
Otto ind Lucia Kloppenburg to Philip Klefer,
lot on N line of Grove street, 82:6 E of Frank
lin. E 27:6 by N 63:9; ?10.
Ueorze S. and Marie K. Andres to Henry
Myers, lot on NW corner of Vallejo and La
guna streets. W -40 by N 120; $10.
Louis C. Buck to Fred B. Surryhne, lot on
NW line of Athens street, 275 NE of Persia,
NE 25 hy NW 100, block 64, Excelsior Home
stead; $10.
Caspar and Sophie Swlerlln to P. J. and
Mary W. Harnoy, lot on W corner of Piedmont
(St. Marys) and Masonic avenue (Epstein),
NW 25 by SW 125, lot 7. block 3. Flint Tract
Homestead: 510.
August Herrniann to Ida and Charles Kot
tlngr»r, lot on SW line of Sixth avenue, SE of
B street, SE 37:6 by SW 100. block 100. South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
siRtion;.$!0.
Karl F. and Thyra L. Crane to Continental
Bhildinsr and Loan Association, lot 17, block
36, Sunnyslde: $io.
Jane Coogan to John S. Coogan. lot on SW
line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 75 NW of H
street. NW "> by SW 100; $50.
Thomas E., Hannah, -William H. and Eliza
beth Coogan and Mary E. Nordselk to John S.
Coogan, lot on SW lino of Twenty. sixth avenue,
75 NW of H street, NW 75 by SW 100; $73.
Herman Stettin to Minna Stettin, lot on W
line of Thirty-eighth avenue,' 200 S of R street,
S 25 by W 120; gift.
Lawson T. and Hattle M. Fenn to Minna
Stettin, lot on W line of Thirty-eighth avenue,
200 S of R street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Michael Moran to Catherine, John, Thomas,
Margaret and Mary Moran and Elizabeth Lun
ny. jot on NW line of Shipley street, 125 NE
of Sixth. NE 23 by NW 75; gift.
John Center, "William H. and Grace M.
Crim, George S. Crim and as trustee, Samuel
M. and William H.-*Crim Jr. (minors), to
Market-street Railway Company, lot on NE
corner of York and Alameda streets, N 191:5
by E 200; ?20,000.
Walter W,, John R. and Mary E. Gray to
Wesley and Alice A. Tomer, lot on SE line of
Minna street. 275 NE of Sixth, NE 25 by SE
70; J10.
KEAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sarah Wakefleld (owner, by R. H. Cross,
attorney) with Louis Cereghino (contractor),
architect A. D. Coplln— Carpenter work, includ
ing mill work, timber, stairs, sash, doors and
glass, electrical work, routine, etc., for a three
story and basement frame building on lotv on
E line of Ritch street, 125 N of Harrison, E 80
by N 25; $2784
Edward F. Delger (owner) with W. B. Ander
son (contractor), architect Hermann Barth— All
work except painting:, gas fixtures and shades
for alterations and additions to a frame resi
dence on lot on NE corner of Fair Oaks and
Twenty-fifth streets, E 150, N 110, V? 50. S 50,
W ICO, E 60; *4262.
architect same — Carpenter work, etc.. for same
on same; JS100.
Same owner with Duffey Bros, (contractors),
architect same— Plumblne. sewers and gasflt
tingr for same on same; $1592.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Flow of Rivers.
13
SEPTEMBER. WOO.
;"g ii. T. W. T. F. S. . Moon' • Phase*.
. - ¦ i -jv First Quarter.
— — ! — r i '" r T September I.'--
_1 _1 _i — — — — • fa »"'ul» Moon.
9 10 11 32 | 13 14 ' 13 vS^ September 8.
I ' "ii- September 13.
JLJi Jii?-!— !— f— ,a New Moon,
SO III I W Sentember *3.
Sun rises 5:33
Sun sets 6:44
Moon sot?, first quarter 11:14 p. m.
O Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» H TV L TV H TV L TV
1 ... 6:11 J.T 9:1S 8.0 S:41 6.0 11:10 <T»
2... 6:2E J." 10:25 3.2 4:S6 5.0
I, W H W L W H W
3 ... 0:13 O.S 7:32 3.9 11:45 2.3 5:42 5.1
4 ... 1:10 0.4 8:24 4.3 12:58 J.I 6:52 5.2
5 ... 2.1M 0.2 9:06 4.5 1:59 2.9 7:5S 5.1
6 ... 2:4S 0.1 9:43 4.9 2:52 2.2 9:00 S.«
7 ... 3:30 0.2 10:21 5.2 3:42 1.7 9:57 5.«
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Eureka IHutnboldt -Sep. 1
Washter,aw .... Tacoma Sep. 1
Victoria [Oyster Harbor Sep. 1
Columbia Portland Sep. 2
Bonlta Newport Sep. 9
Tltanla jNanalmo Sep. 3
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Sep. 2
Oak Branch Portland Sep. 3
Grace Dollar ..Pan Pedro Sep. 3
Pomona Seattle Sep. 3
Santa Rosa San Diego „ Sep. 4
Doric China and Japan Sep. 4
Umatllla Victoria Sep. 4
Czarina Seattle Sep. 5
Crescent City .. Crescent City Sep. *
Coqullla River. Orays Harbor Sep. 6
Coos Bay Newport Sep. •
Newport New York Sep. 7
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 7
Del Norte 'Portland Sep. 7
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. Fler.
Iaqua ...... IHumboldt Sep. 1. » am Pier 2
Lakm*. ISeattle Sep. 1, 10 am Pier :
Xewburg ..JGfays Harbor Sep. 1. 5 pm Pier U
Arcata Sep. 2. 12 m Pier 13
Eureka ....(Humboldt..... Sep. 2. 10 am Pier 13
Corona ISan Dletto (Sep. 2. 11 am Pier 11
North ForklHumboldt ISep. 2. 9 am Pier 2
G. Dollar.. |Grays HarborlSep. S. 5 pm
W. Krui?er. Tillamook (Sep. S. 3 pm Pier 2
W. Walla.. Victoria iPep. ». 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 3. S pm Pier 2
Bonlta , Newport I9ep. 4, » am Pier 11
Rival ...... Willapa Pep. 4. 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 6, 2 pm Pier »
Tanls ...... Hamburg Sep. 5. 6 pm Pier 7
Marlposa .. Australia Sep. 6. » pm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 6. 11am Pier 24
China China &Japan Sep. «. 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa San Diego..... Sep. «. 11 am Pier 11
Curacao ... Mexico Sep. 7. 10 am! Pier U
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
.:;.:,•¦:..... . "-••"¦::;'.¦.¦-'. ¦•' I Second Feet.
¦ i ':-.-: :: '^- : I>ATB.:'-'- : -"{.^- 1
'•¦•."•• ..r:.: •¦;.'•¦..... ..•: ;;-;:'-:-; ; .:. ; >-;- 1839. 1900.
¦. - ¦ -¦ . . ¦¦-•¦• ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ |
August 19.......W. a9S0 SS05
August 20......................... 8980 3S05
August 21. ./.... .................. 39S0 3S05
August 22......................... .. 39SO 3805
August 23. 33S0 3805
August 24......................... S9S0 8S05
AugU3t 23..... 3980 3S05
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
•-."-¦- •:•'.'¦-•. "¦.-'¦¦¦.'.¦¦.-:¦ ¦- "'•;¦' •¦¦¦¦¦•.: ¦ -I Second Feet..
--V-'\ - : ¦.•/.'¦ : i>ATE.N. ¦• : ' :•/.¦.¦ .U— 1 ' -
; :i : ;. : '-: ; ; - : - A'r:>- : - / '¦•: "¦ -.'•¦¦ !-':\ ¦¦¦ :' :; r; 1889 - . •.-.moo.
Auj?u8t ; i9...'--.;.--. : .i....'..,. ¦'iso;: •/-. »o ;
August :20.>..^i.-.;v.iv..i:.-.y.... .130 70 .•;
August 2t.;;«..i."".«""»... -.130 ¦-¦ ; to .;¦'
August »¦.•••••'••¦••••••¦••••"• • .130 60
AugtJSt: 25. .V... ...•.•..•.••'..»¦• -i»- ITS
August'24. ....»;.;. ?,<¦....;,.¦...... !20 .50
August 25... ;:..........^...Vv.,.. ; 90:'. 60
\ : TUPLUMNE /RIVER AT I^A GRANGE: :
¦¦;¦;-:.;¦¦;¦•:-../ I: Second Feet./ I :^ ; ' ;: . I V ¦." :
.•¦DATE'---' 1 - r-r— 1 : . l .- ¦ Mn'gr Co. Total
V / -: :V : :;/: lSD9 r j 19Q0. Canal. 1900. ;
¦ - •-,- :¦ .'¦- . - ¦¦• - : . . - . ' - ¦¦¦ I.
' August 19l.C. ; . '¦'¦;. 65 ¦;¦¦:. :'¦ 63 .- " : .•¦' -12 77
August 20..... v 65 . :«:. ;12.- .67 :
August 2U.;.. ; ., 45 :• 45 . . . 12.' .-67'
August 22...... •¦ 43 .¦ ' 23 . ¦ . ' 12 : 37
August 23..... 110. ¦¦¦ ¦; 25 ¦;¦ :,. 12 ¦ . V 37
August 24... >; 110; ,-v 15 . .-.' ¦ 1J "¦." :' : 27 :
August 25.... . ¦-.¦¦¦- 85\-'.- - ... 7 .¦ - 12- . - •.: ¦ 19 •
: ¦ KINGS RIVER r AT RED MOUNTAIN.
%. >' '.- - ' -l/'\~ •- "' ¦-:¦• - :: ..'¦*" I c AMAH 4 tt>..* .
I Second Feet.
,1893. I 1900.
I Second Feet.
Si 1 _
1893. 1900.
-.;.-¦;..¦ ¦ .". : ;..:¦..-¦ . ; -- •:;¦¦:-.¦¦., :.. -,ioa»... .lauu.-.-
AuKU?t.l9i. i >i.-...y....... ........ ••,400' 820 . ¦
A.U'gtist. : 20:-»ii ;.;¦'.»;.';. iiiv, ........ : 360 ¦.82O.. :
August 21^.........i;.i*.^i.;<;..; 360 : 3M
August 22.;... .i........ .......... .320 360
August: 23... ...,..,..¦..... ........ S«0 : .' 820 .;'¦
Aukiist 24.;.v.;,i.......:...'......v.. 320 320 : ':-
¦•August- : .23v.>; > .;.;-,;,;.;>i J ;.;.-.. ....... 320 ; : 2S5.:.
- :¦ SAN JOAQUIX RIVER AT HERXDOX. '.
•-'.:¦'' - : '.' . :- : -' ¦•¦-. v : -- '¦¦¦' ¦'"."•• .' : .- ¦*'. : :.'- ¦" : ; Second Feet.
¦¦:;: : ¦-.-;.:, date,--;- .:.¦¦,::;¦¦¦¦ 1
';. ; .---V: : ¦¦"¦.¦.¦¦¦'¦• > : /''v- ¦¦¦ : " ••'¦.-'¦. '¦.•¦:'. ; 1S39. -. I 1900.
August 19..i..... 2S0 1T0
August 20. 280 1T0
August 21... . Zm 1TI>
August 22................... 250 170
August n. ........................ 2$t) 170
August. '21..';..:... ¦.... , 2S0' 170
August .25..... 280 | 170
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
.:;.:,•¦:..... . "-••"¦::;'.¦.¦-'. ¦•' I Second Feet.
¦ i ':-.-: :: '^- : I>ATB.:'-'- : -"{.^- 1
'•¦•."•• ..r:.: •¦;.'•¦..... ..•: ;;-;:'-:-; ; .:. ; >-;- 1839. 1900.
¦. - ¦ -¦ . . ¦¦-•¦• ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ |
August 19.......W. a9S0 SS05
August 20......................... 8980 3S05
August 21. ./.... .................. 39S0 3S05
August 22......................... .. 39SO 3805
August 23. 33S0 3805
August 24......................... S9S0 8S05
AugU3t 23..... 3980 3S05
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
•-."-¦- •:•'.'¦-•. "¦.-'¦¦¦.'.¦¦.-:¦ ¦- "'•;¦' •¦¦¦¦¦•.: ¦ -I Second Feet..
--V-'\ - : ¦.•/.'¦ : i>ATE.N. ¦• : ' :•/.¦.¦ .U— 1 ' -
; :i : ;. : '-: ; ; - : - A'r:>- : - / '¦•: "¦ -.'•¦¦ !-':\ ¦¦¦ :' :; r; 1889 - . •.-.moo.
Auj?u8t ; i9...'--.;.--. : .i....'..,. ¦'iso;: •/-. »o ;
August :20.>..^i.-.;v.iv..i:.-.y.... .130 70 .•;
August 2t.;;«..i."".«""»... -.130 ¦-¦ ; to .;¦'
August »¦.•••••'••¦••••••¦••••"• • .130 60
AugtJSt: 25. .V... ...•.•..•.••'..»¦• -i»- ITS
August'24. ....»;.;. ?,<¦....;,.¦...... !20 .50
August 25... ;:..........^...Vv.,.. ; 90:'. 60
\ : TUPLUMNE /RIVER AT I^A GRANGE: :
¦¦;¦;-:.;¦¦;¦•:-../ I: Second Feet./ I :^ ; ' ;: . I V ¦." :
.•¦DATE'---' 1 - r-r— 1 : . l .- ¦ Mn'gr Co. Total
V / -: :V : :;/: lSD9 r j 19Q0. Canal. 1900. ;
¦ - •-,- :¦ .'¦- . - ¦¦• - : . . - . ' - ¦¦¦ I.
' August 19l.C. ; . '¦'¦;. 65 ¦;¦¦:. :'¦ 63 .- " : .•¦' -12 77
August 20..... v 65 . :«:. ;12.- .67 :
August 2U.;.. ; ., 45 :• 45 . . . 12.' .-67'
August 22...... •¦ 43 .¦ ' 23 . ¦ . ' 12 : 37
August 23..... 110. ¦¦¦ ¦; 25 ¦;¦ :,. 12 ¦ . V 37
August 24... >; 110; ,-v 15 . .-.' ¦ 1J "¦." :' : 27 :
August 25.... . ¦-.¦¦¦- 85\-'.- - ... 7 .¦ - 12- . - •.: ¦ 19 •
: ¦ KINGS RIVER r AT RED MOUNTAIN.
%. >' '.- - ' -l/'\~ •- "' ¦-:¦• - :: ..'¦*" I c AMAH 4 tt>..* .
I Second Feet.
,1893. I 1900.
I Second Feet.
Si 1 _
1893. 1900.
-.;.-¦;..¦ ¦ .". : ;..:¦..-¦ . ; -- •:;¦¦:-.¦¦., :.. -,ioa»... .lauu.-.-
AuKU?t.l9i. i >i.-...y....... ........ ••,400' 820 . ¦
A.U'gtist. : 20:-»ii ;.;¦'.»;.';. iiiv, ........ : 360 ¦.82O.. :
August 21^.........i;.i*.^i.;<;..; 360 : 3M
August 22.;... .i........ .......... .320 360
August: 23... ...,..,..¦..... ........ S«0 : .' 820 .;'¦
Aukiist 24.;.v.;,i.......:...'......v.. 320 320 : ':-
¦•August- : .23v.>; > .;.;-,;,;.;>i J ;.;.-.. ....... 320 ; : 2S5.:.
- :¦ SAN JOAQUIX RIVER AT HERXDOX. '.
•-'.:¦'' - : '.' . :- : -' ¦•¦-. v : -- '¦¦¦' ¦'"."•• .' : .- ¦*'. : :.'- ¦" : ; Second Feet.
¦¦:;: : ¦-.-;.:, date,--;- .:.¦¦,::;¦¦¦¦ 1
';. ; .---V: : ¦¦"¦.¦.¦¦¦'¦• > : /''v- ¦¦¦ : " ••'¦.-'¦. '¦.•¦:'. ; 1S39. -. I 1900.
August 19..i..... 2S0 1T0
August 20. 280 1T0
August 21... . Zm 1TI>
August 22................... 250 170
August n. ........................ 2$t) 170
August. '21..';..:... ¦.... , 2S0' 170
August .25..... 280 | 170
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. Fler.
Iaqua ...... IHumboldt Sep. 1. » am Pier 2
Lakm*. ISeattle Sep. 1, 10 am Pier :
Xewburg ..JGfays Harbor Sep. 1. 5 pm Pier U
Arcata Sep. 2. 12 m Pier 13
Eureka ....(Humboldt..... Sep. 2. 10 am Pier 13
Corona ISan Dletto (Sep. 2. 11 am Pier 11
North ForklHumboldt ISep. 2. 9 am Pier 2
G. Dollar.. |Grays HarborlSep. S. 5 pm
W. Krui?er. Tillamook (Sep. S. 3 pm Pier 2
W. Walla.. Victoria iPep. ». 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 3. S pm Pier 2
Bonlta , Newport I9ep. 4, » am Pier 11
Rival ...... Willapa Pep. 4. 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 6, 2 pm Pier »
Tanls ...... Hamburg Sep. 5. 6 pm Pier 7
Marlposa .. Australia Sep. 6. » pm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 6. 11am Pier 24
China China &Japan Sep. «. 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa San Diego..... Sep. «. 11 am Pier 11
Curacao ... Mexico Sep. 7. 10 am! Pier U
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Eureka IHutnboldt -Sep. 1
Washter,aw .... Tacoma Sep. 1
Victoria [Oyster Harbor Sep. 1
Columbia Portland Sep. 2
Bonlta Newport Sep. 9
Tltanla jNanalmo Sep. 3
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Sep. 2
Oak Branch Portland Sep. 3
Grace Dollar ..Pan Pedro Sep. 3
Pomona Seattle Sep. 3
Santa Rosa San Diego „ Sep. 4
Doric China and Japan Sep. 4
Umatllla Victoria Sep. 4
Czarina Seattle Sep. 5
Crescent City .. Crescent City Sep. *
Coqullla River. Orays Harbor Sep. 6
Coos Bay Newport Sep. •
Newport New York Sep. 7
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 7
Del Norte 'Portland Sep. 7
SEPTEMBER. WOO.
;"g ii. T. W. T. F. S. . Moon' • Phase*.
. - ¦ i -jv First Quarter.
— — ! — r i '" r T September I.'--
_1 _1 _i — — — — • fa »"'ul» Moon.
9 10 11 32 | 13 14 ' 13 vS^ September 8.
I ' "ii- September 13.
JLJi Jii?-!— !— f— ,a New Moon,
SO III I W Sentember *3.
Sun rises 5:33
Sun sets 6:44
Moon sot?, first quarter 11:14 p. m.
O Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» H TV L TV H TV L TV
1 ... 6:11 J.T 9:1S 8.0 S:41 6.0 11:10 <T»
2... 6:2E J." 10:25 3.2 4:S6 5.0
I, W H W L W H W
3 ... 0:13 O.S 7:32 3.9 11:45 2.3 5:42 5.1
4 ... 1:10 0.4 8:24 4.3 12:58 J.I 6:52 5.2
5 ... 2.1M 0.2 9:06 4.5 1:59 2.9 7:5S 5.1
6 ... 2:4S 0.1 9:43 4.9 2:52 2.2 9:00 S.«
7 ... 3:30 0.2 10:21 5.2 3:42 1.7 9:57 5.«
OCEAJJ TBAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i .. Steamers leave Broadway
fc» wharf, San Francisco:
f>^>^. For Alaskan Fort* — 11 s.
rnSMgbK m., Soptcrnber 3. ?. 13, IS. 23.
l^irSjaflPK 23, Oct. 3. Chance to Cnm-
t<5k p.iny's ft"am»n at Seattle.
jt^£«§( 5\'l Kcr Victoria. Vancouver
BBBiiW"JwyEt< IB. C.">. Port Tnwnwnd, S»-
r^^afiL^iff, att'.e, Tacoma. Kveretf. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.V- 11 a. m., September
J. 8, IS. IS. 23. 23. Oct. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. X. R'y: »t
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Huraboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 5. 10, 15. 20. 25. 30. Oct. S, and every
fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Crua, Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
C09. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota,
Fanta Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. Pan Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles> and Newport— 9
a. TO.. September 4. 8. 12. 16. *0. 24. 23. Oct. 2.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan I>ie«ro, stopping only at Port Har-
ford, (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— It
a. m.. September 2. 6. 10. 14. 1*. 22. 26, 30, Oct.
4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jos* d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of
each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the rtghi to chanir*
steamer?, calling 1 dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OPFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel>.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Oen. Asents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CACC $'2 First Class Including Berth
rrtnC $3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA nails
August 31, Sept. 10. W, Jf)
COLUMBIA sails Sept. 5. 13. 25. Oct. I
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena ' and all points in the Northwest-
Throuzh tickets to all points East.
. E. C. WARD, General A*ent.
S30 Market It
GOODALL. PERKIN3 & CO..
Superintendents-. ,
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKON'O. caHJof at
Kobe (Htogot, Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carco received on board on day
of salllr-s.
SS. NIPPON MARL'
Saturday. September 23. 130A
PS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 19<v»
SS. HONGKONG MARU.... Tues.. Nov. 13. 1900
Via Honolula.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlw,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. ' H. AVERT. General Arent.
AMERICAN LINE.
irr tors. sonTniMPToir. lchdou raax
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. ra.
St. Louis Sept. 12ISt. Loots Oct. t
New York Sept. 13 New York Oct. it
St. Paul Sept. 26'St. Paul Oct. 17
RED STAR LINE.
• . New York and Antwerp.
From New York Everv Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland ...S»pt. 12[Friesland Oct. •
Kensington ....Sept. V Southwark Oct. M
Noordland Sept. "SlWesternland Oct. 1?
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
C03IPA0SIS GENERALS TRANSATLAHTIQ3Z.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Bailing -every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1S09. af^t*hGl3B&
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. L'AQUITAINE. Sept. «; LA
BRETAON'E. Sept. 13; LA LORRAINE. Sept.
20; LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept 27. First class to
Havre. $83 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre, $53 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
L'NITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
?Hudson buildlng>. N«w York. J. F. FUGAZI
Sk CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S Montgomery
avenue. San Franctaco.
0CKAMC S. 8. CC-HOXOLTOU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S S MARIPOSA (via Hnnoluln) to. New
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Sept. 5. S p. m.
S S AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, Sept. 19. 2 p. m.
J. D.'sPHECKELSi BROS. CO.. Aqts.. <(4 Montgomar)
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St freight Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND RIVEB STE ASTERS.
nFoFiTsTRA^
Steamer "Montlcello.**
MON Tues.. Wed., Thura. and Sat. at »:43
a m 3:15 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 P m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. ra.. %
u. m' Landing and office. Mlssion-strest Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE •*»•
HEAL ESTATE: COUNTRY — For Sale I
A-TiOO; acre iieir.e in Los Gatos; 5 roon-.s. Ap-
r-y A. M. yPKOK & CO.. 667 Market -et.
J"< '11 *a!f! — About 3 acres of land; near Colma,
Fan V.ateo County. 443 Valencia et. :•;-- r
PRINTED l!?t-M. GUIFFInTtiS Market; r. 1;
far^s iind city pro; erty f schar.se J or told.
AlAMJA "ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAHEDA REAL. F-STATE.
S2i5O WILL build r."vc C-Ftory house of 6 rooms :
eottjJete: lot Mxl2fi; Wber st. J. II. ]
YOIN<;. bj'.lder. Mil r»?k ft. j
JRKELEi r A»YEKTlSEMENT$
BEBKELEV REAL ES ' 1 [ AT^
13000— XEW house fully furnished; fine loca-
te." O. ¦; MAT & CO-. Berkeley.
$.Vifin Jl'PT cosnpleted; Icve'.y new home of S
ls-ce room* on Improved Ftreet; near Unl-
r*relty. O. '• MAT ft co.
jCO(K)— !CEW mrdem licme of 8 rooms; corner
lot: -street Improved; fc<?i-.:c park. O. G.
MAY & CO-
153)0— JCETW c^lor.ial home of 8 rooms, etc.:
near <¦ Uer?; wrttm reasonable. O. G. MAY
J*SjL _._..
R A I.T'TLE dream of a home; view e<iual
ta i*«AU»; owr.cr giing East. O. G. MAY
A '.-' '. - ___
5. pltnTTT fottase of 6 rooms; near cars;
f«rir~ south; tei-rri? to suit. O. G. MAY &
CO. .
"t -UOOM cot tap*. 3 blocks from Matlon; eew-
. ered; hot and cold vater; large lot: 50x153
:<••: r'.\ frnc^A ati<1 a irood wr-lj of water on
pwnlws: pri'-e s:ii«r. : Jin,, dowa and balance
to -rutt m monthly payments.
Take Berkeley train, en off at Lorin and
r-k for. RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
: !r.sn "-room e<-itt>ee on macKdamiZPd street;
: blocks fr^m ststlo'i; jrl^e SStirt;t' N rm* to suit.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS t LYON.
Lorin Station. Berkeley.
J-" w — Y'^V really' Fhould »=ee this: it's worth
ir,!=7-»-ction,- j:ist completed; southeast corner
""'Wersph ave. and Derby Ft.; S-room cot-
'"?«. fir.is^ed in a thoroiyrhly woikmanlike
In ntsry respect : ivith electric lights,
pas cornoctions, etc., p.nd only 10 minutes'
' walk from the tmlversltr. Apply to MASON
&• MrUENATIiEN. adjoining P. O., Berkeley
Ftation. .- . .
ALT A ri'XTA TR.A.CT— Pan Pablo ave.. 2
rn11?f= nr.rth ot Berkeley; S150 to $2.'.O i>er acre:
lit? ,«¦/¦> fca |15O each; J5 a month: call for
mapy. G. YV. .HAIGHT. VI California St.. S.F.
FAFE Investment fir JT.VO: block of land favor-
¦1 ¦>• located r<-ar cmnitut Sar.ta Fe Railroad.
T^r if^lars »' W il,l,M»TT. 91C Market st..E.f.
FHl'iTVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
milTVALK REAL ESTATE.
FINK comer let. Sf-vISI. bet. Fruitvale and
K!n;hurst: ur.incurabf red : for rale cheat). Par-
ticular? from owner, L. A. LAFHANCA, Mis-
Fl r. Ean Jose,' Cal.
oaklanFadvektIsements.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLA>D REAL ESTATB.
"THE CHOTi-E?T LOT
ON GROVK PT. ; 12f>xll&
Northeast corner Srth St., 4 or 5 feet above
ftreet prafie. ar.i tat a price less than inside
Jots ce cross streets are sold.
ALSO
Kcr tlOCO, ccttape, 5 rooms and bath: lot 2Jx
110: this property sold a few years since for
J2.">00 ar.d now rents for IT.! per month. A. J.
PNYDER & CO.. 4CT Ninth tt., Oakland.
O.VKLAXD FrBMTtHE FOR SALE.
AN Ir.tro'luctlon to you from H. Schellhaa?, the
fumUure <!eaier, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
nOOMS KOIl HOISKKEEPI^G.
BnOOKiHOUSE? NeTcctT Gou^hrTlIrkeTand
Halrht— Sunny euites complete for housekeep-
iv.it: b!so single rooms; r>nt reae •tiab!e; rec.
and read. room. Apply 8 Gough, Mrs. Walsh.
BUCHANAN, e 1^— Nicely furnished tunny cor-
ner suite; housekeeping; bath; gas; others.
CALIFORNIA. El! rear Powell— Extra d-..-
s:rab;-» tunny furnished housekee; -tg parlors.
CHESTNUT. 276 — Two cr three sunny furnished
housekeeping roorr.8; Cne marine vletr.
t'LCMENTINA. TtU off Fourth— Housekeeping
rooms, complete; Blso clnsle rooms; private.
KI'DY. 9(0 — Nice'.y furaiFhed eunny rooms, run-
nlss uater, gag and bath.
• EDDY,- C r t— Sur.ny furnished room -with kitchen
¦ .-oniU'ictf for housf-ker-i.inK; fras rar.ee.
-,,i::>r>Y, f:5— S or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
'¦;-:! convenience*: rrlvatt residence.
. rOL^OM, KA— Funny fror.t bay window room
.t er:d kitchen; fcath. modern conveniences; J3
- " *•• ek. .:¦
• .jnxES, ~&!SB— E!epar.tly furnished suite, with
. ; rr.srid bath; also single roomE, with prlv-
¦*• liege it,, houftekpK; flat newly fur.; reasonable.
S14— 2 sunny back rooms furnished
¦; cdmoletc * for hou?ekeeplnp; yard; % 10. ..:.-
:'¦ •3i>.:«%"ART'),. >I7— Housekeeping rooir.s; Jl T5 and
¦ 7f' • ' .\i;r> l"C?/-i — Two connecting houFekreping
.-; ':. - , f'jrn.. f^; also double and einirle rooms.
: --'JF-SFIK. SO, near Fifth nnd Market— 2 house-
¦vVlcT^g, J:<; tingle. |4, J5 and $S. • • .... .-
y-X-iZ EOT. 114. ofT Sarrart;»nto — 3 pleasant eunny
-... ; hnusekecijinK rooms; large yard. : -...-.¦¦
MrALLIPTEU. TSS— 3 r.ieely furnished eur.ny
.front rooms; Fir.k, ranse, bath, laundrj':. 5-0.
"'. OAK. 11'j— " sunny rooms furnished for houee-
.. ; keeping. J' n : eingl* room.", J5.: S6.and IS. - '¦. . :
. FIT.VKR. 16.), near Fourth— Tfrd- cheap- fur-
nifvhed rooms for houBekeerinE;'. -. ":'- : . .-¦'... i^\"',-
ft. JAM KP. McAllister . p.nd ' La jruna— Corner
tunny suites complete for l!gbt houseitpepjni!:;
k'.s<i flnfrle rooms; rent reasonable; bath, tele-
. pboce and rpcepticn ; r.oom. ... •¦'. . ••¦;..-¦.¦' ¦'¦.,. -'(.¦ v-
FUTTER. hmiFekeoplng- rrvwns:
TAYLOR. 10S— Two eunny housekeeping rooms
complete.
TEHAMA. 47*— Two Funr.y front rooms for
lteht hotipekeeping; Jf< a month.
TENTH, ISfi— ijR.rf sunny rooms, furnished for
hfUF^kper'ir.p!; elco Fingle.
TURK. €13— Two funny furnished rooms for
bou*efce«g»tar; 1 front. 112.
VAN NE?? ave., 4 r '2— ?, neatly fumiehed con.
*urny rooms; also bay-v/indow suite; h?kpi?.
VAN NESS. 31:1— Front suites; large single
. rooms with running water.
CLASSIFIED sSvertisements an<l fubscrlrtions
revived at Call branch office, 22^ Fillmore et.
A BRANCH Offic* for Call advertisements snd
Fubsoriptic-s been establifhed at 1096
Valencia ft.
RGO.MS TO LET — I urn. and InJnrn.
A— CICUNSWICK HOUSE. US Sixth^Room^
£. r .c to %\ per nisrht. {1 ZS to S5 per week, and
lidirht houtekeeping; open all r.isht.
AT K Second— Light housekeeping, Jl 50 to J2 M)
KT wk; single and double, 51 to $2 £0 per wk.
lit:RNKTT. 142G Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
niFhcd mt, suites, Binple; also unfurnished.
Bl'FH. 'Z'i (The Elk)— Charred hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rrns., Jl 50 to $7
•y meek; So to Jl r.O ni^ht. MRS. P. RANFT.
r.IOHTII. 1C-K— Pleaeant sunny room. SI 25; two.
t2 10 per week.
ELLIS. 2»4. cor. Mason (Clifford)— Handsomely
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FILLMORE. €1S. near Hayes— Sunny front room
tor a Utdy a >'• a. month.
FOLfMM. "E'i-Neatly furnithed elnirle room;
reasonable.
rOLPOM. PC", cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished, sunny rms., single or suites; reaoonable.
GEARY. E'6— Elegant sunny front rooms; piano;
Fuites and other rooms; phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeaet corner Beventh
and Mipaion Fts. — ffunny roocii, en suite or
Flngle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HAYES. 114— To let. two unfurnished rooms.
HOTEL Francis<-o — Elegant suites; slnfde: tran-
. eient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
COWARD, S23— Rooms from ?1 week up to to;
2jc to I! r.ight; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. S«. cor. Cth— Orlando House— New
management; furnished mt.; suites or elngle.
¦JERKIE. ?C3. near Fifth and Marlset-Furnished
• rooms, J4. %'» and $6; 2 housekeeping, $9.
KKARNY. 104— Kront suite, 2 large unfurnished
room?, tltk.
LAHKIN. WVi— Funny front alcove rooms;
i li^ 1 " lt housrkf" ping; ess; bath; Jia per month.
LLA, c PAMIAP. 1S20 Market Ft.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath: Mn. rtns.: board optional.
LOCV'ST ave., 125—1 or I neatly furnished front
>: room?, J4 IA iwr month.
MARKET. 30S5, The Lohengrin— Newly fur-
;¦ rlched front rooms; also others; by the week
or yppr-thi -:.*¦•-•
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. mid Unfaio.
MISSION", 1514,5 near lHh-Plnple sunny front
room; private family; ?1 25 per week.
NOE, 153 — 2 or 3 Bunny bay-window rooms; gas
crate; bath; $14.
OTAUUELU I?— Runny . furnished rooms and
offitv?; elevator; electric ilRhts; daj-, wk., mo.
O'FATtKELIv. 742— Nicely furnished sunny quiet
rooms, on suite or sins'.e; pas. bath, phone.
O'FAnHELL. SCV-jOat single room, suitable
for gentleman or perron employed through the
day; rent H to J5 per-month.
POST. :>T> — Newly furnished front room; other
rooms; unfurnished; reasonable.
P< '. C T. n.i— Suite of room? nicely furnished, and
a!t-> *in;r!« Tooras: n-nt reasonable and use
of hnth.
ROSEDAI.13 House. SU ani-riEUisst.— Rooms,
niRi-.t 25e to %], wef-k ?1 "3 to %i; open night.
ROTAL HOl'SE. 3M r7lllF St.— Incandescent
light; reading room, pnioklr.^ room and ladles'
pcrlor; rooms. r"T night. Xic to $1 E0; week, $2
to ?$; month. ?S to J20: elevator on office
flrcr; rooms with hot and cold v.-ater; baths, j
S1IEUMAN Apartment HoiiSf. y 2S Eichth St..
near Market— Furni.-hed or unfurnished.
SIXTH. l?.fi -Furnished sunny rooms; single or
suite?; rooms for light liousekecplng.
: SOUTH PARK. 4«— Nicely tarnished sunny
¦ frrnt rociri to let.
j BCTTER. TlT, near Taylor— Sunny; choice; rea-
I sonahle: please 1nvest!jrate.
I THIRTEENTH. EITH. above dierrero— Larpre
funny room for 1 or two 2 ladies. Call be-
tween 4 and 7 p. tn.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
re »<v*m! at Call branch office. I2fiO Fillmore st. j
I A BHANCH rfflce fr.r Call advertisements and '
I subscriptions has been established at 1^8 1
ValTcia Ft.
1 __
BOOIU AXD HOARD.
i MI?P DATUIfg,"^ Tirst"- Rooms '^wlth or
I without board; terms reasonable.
ROOMS WAMED.
! WANTED— A furnished room by a lady In re-
Fpe<.~tab!e private family In Western Addition;
I no cooking; not home during the day. Box ,
I 4 r v4, Call. . . I
j 3 on 4 lante sunny rooms: new: partly fur-
nirlied: ref. : p.irlor floor. Box 4C24. Call office.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
BEARS for decorating: full figure and relief:
I large and small size; a preat varietj*. Call
• at well-known fine art statuary store, D.
I MENCAIi'INI, 511 Mission st.
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
4ir. Montgomery St.. rooms 9-1^; tel. 5510.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 r-Tes. In wrapper, for mailing. ?1 per xeir.
SE\VI\G MACH1XES AXD SUPPLIES.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired, needles and
fiiuttlpg; reduced rates. 145. 6th; phone Mint 4n.
ALL kind" b^ueht. sold and repairing guarnn-
teed. Chas Plarabeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchans-ed, rented;
rrrairirr at lowest rates. Fourth st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 1320 Filimore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BKKlNi? Van and Storage Co.. 721 Mission St.;
tei. Main 1S4G — Packing, morrr.g and storase.
TO LEASE.
TO lease— 200x50". near Five Mile House, with
reuses; suitable for chicken or duck ranch.
Apply THOS. ROBERTS. 1615 Market St. '
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES,!
GREAT BARGAINS IX TYPEWRIT ERS^We
Fell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, ?3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 036 California, telephone Main 2G5.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for rrtees to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 I.IontEoir.ery st.
NHW tynewritfts. $:> down. $5 month payments.
REVALK. 403 California st.
DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— DividenT"!«5a"Tos^(50c~pe7
share) of the Oceanic Steamfhip Company
w:U be payable at the office of the company.
s:~ Market st.. on and after Saturdav. Pep-
tember I. 190". Transfer books close on Sat-
urday, August JB, I!»ri0. at 12 m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDKM) XOTICKS.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant PowdfTxonT-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 21, of seventy-
five cents <7'jc) r^r share, on the issued capital
stock r.f the company hris/beeri declared, pay-
sMe. at- the- office cvf the company. 430. Cali-
fornia st.. . ?an ..FranciFco, niv ppptfnihfr 12,
1900: Transfer booTis. close September S.^1309,
at nooir.. ,- . —..A. .A. SPARKS, Secretan'.
-_ , ; - M.AJELBL&.GE LICENSES.- ', ;
' The , f oiio%lng niarr}a.ge. licenies'. were Isiued
yesterday::, '.'¦.:'. ; :!;' : :.' : :.[ ¦ J>" '.'/-.'I ¦¦ ' ¦l'.'-: : .:.'-."-V- ¦
C!:arIe.s:;T6n.Tiissen.'22. 2'Xi3-.PoTt'ell etreet; and
.LyViia,: I>; 'C . -K'iri.«r'ht;; -".'. 4S3- Francisco- street.
: :..Tf>hn. It. AV ,u ¦¦-<-. n: ;?: "•¦]3 .IHijIont 'street. '¦¦¦and'
; Jeniiie;M'-T!ri(!e.v"23.^!1. 1^'uriassstrpV t: '¦';-.- ':. :
.AJexatdfT jK:v McTind<?;V27, ¦ Djrfcond,. Cat., ana.
B. : - JJ*=e'i)hif-e;Ayint-e : .rs..' C'.: V)A1 Mission street. " ;
.- Jarr.es ¦.R i r - ar!i = !o.r4. --ilot -lies tori ' "N. -lV, ' ah'd ;
Emnia Tjirn^rr' I 4 -", l f :" IV.-nrtiard pfrect. ¦-¦ -•¦¦¦¦;•'
nr : J-!*rt ¦A.v.MRLf an. :': .24. city,: and Margaret
A. : <'urnmiris^,--2T,:Tity..- : - :.;; ¦-.:;- •.'• : - ; "¦¦':>¦ ;X •' :
¦:Karthn!-omf-w.Ii. .tvriscoll,;!."/ Watsonvllie; and
Amelia il: Clark.: £7, -city. V- . :¦'¦:.}' / ---:: ":¦. ¦¦¦¦¦:'
:¦ Mathlas. Hal:n;,- : M'-V • fi'A . .Commercial"- jBtreet,-'
and Anna M. \VibhetPTTiann, 26, 6Z6 Commerclai
fctree.t.-- . : •;•";¦;.:.:.'.•. J; \-. : / y/..-.V. : ---'- : .< .;. : '¦} -:- : ~ :^ ¦¦¦ ¦'
..¦';ioscp'h;-.p./.Altio;;;2S,;^ityi.-.tod.:^jgi^tt>iig^
jquie. ,40. city. > •.•¦¦.'••'•.¦".-¦' '.>' ".:¦> '.'. ' ¦'¦¦¦'•\-' . ¦¦¦:"yy .-.¦'¦
: . : Bfrth. marrlaje '... arid .death •: hbtlces sent: b.v.
mail will, not be.insprtp.i: Thfy must be handed
in at either of the pubiication offices, and- be
indorsed wit h t he .name .and -reylGence - rl perV
*pns. authorized .to have the same. published^- •'
- > ~\i : ... . • :/'' v born:; ' '* • ' > ;-¦ \ :i :
PRICE— In Oakland. Aueuet 29. 1300. to the
wife of William Lytle Price, a daughter.
DIED. ¦:-. , ¦-
Berlin. Charlen H. Jeffery, David S.
Burke. Margaret A. Kelly, James
Penman, Arthur W. I/ouKhery, Michael
'. Bpatty, J--hn \V. Lowther. AuthfT
Basse, Thomas Jllranda, Guadalupe
Cunningham, Daniel Mcran. Mary E.
Coile-. infant \ Newman. John T.
Condrotte. Jean J. : O'Connell. Eugjene J.
Dunn. Frederick Phillips, Mary
Dwyer. William Rcsseter, James T.
Edelsaen. Ernest Ryan. Andrew J.
Gropp. Mary J. Smith. Daniel
Hoffman. Marcella Ptaack. Christian F.
Verhave, Adeline
EERLIN-In this city. August 30, 1900, Charles
Holt Berlin, beloved husband of Effie A. Ber-
lin, and brother of F. A. Berlin, a native of
West Virginia, ased 41 years 9 months and
2 days.
EXFriends arc respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Satur-
day), at 12:30 o'clock, at his late residence,
314 Cherry street. Interment private.
BURKE— In this city. August 30. 1900, Mar-
garet A., dearly beloved wife of Hugh W.
Burke, mother of William H. Burke, dauffh-
ter of Eliza and the late John McLaughlln,
and sister of Mrs. M. Sessar, William J. Mc-
Lauehlin ajid Mro. A. Sinclair, a native of
San Francisco, aeed 38 years 1 month and 9
days.
(nTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 319 Hill street, thence to St. James
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the rppo^e of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
BELLMAN— In Redlands. Auirust "?. 1900, Ar-
thur Watkins HellmaiT. beloved son of Vin-
cent and Margaret Bellman, and brother of
Robert. Vincent Jr., Isabel, Eustlce, Cecil and
tlice Bellman and Mrs. G. C. Gallagher, a
itive of San Francisco, aged 23 years 11
months and 17 days.
G^Friende and acquaintances a.r« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 3737 Twenty-third street. In-
terment private at I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BliATTY— In Nome City, Alaska, August T.
1300, John W., beloved husband of Carrie L.
Beatty, and father of Helen Avis and Carl-
ton L. Kjatty, a native of Nev/ York, aged
44 years. .-'*¦?.>'¦?.
[ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), et 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzlor, 636 "Washington
street, thence to Elks' Hall, 223 Sutter street,
where service* will be held under the aus-
pices cf Court "Washington No. 37, F. of A.,
commencing at 1 o'clock sharp. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
cSucceesors to Flannasan Sc Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
JO Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone Scutb SO.
BASSE— In Bren>en, Germany, " August 24, 1900,
Thomas Basse, asred 72 years.
CUNNINGHAM— In Bay Point, Contra Costa
County, August 30, 1900, Daniel, beloved
husband of Fannie Cunningham, father of
William F., James B., George A., Simon w.,
Daniel K. Jr. and Joseph M. Cunningham,
and brother of Kearn and Ann Cunningham
and Mrs. F. Gilfether, a native of Kinps
County. Ireland, ased 73 years. (Cincinnati,
Ohio, papers? please cop}-.)
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(SaturOay), from his late residence, Bay
Point, thence to Antioch, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencinjf at 11:20 o'clock.
COILK— In the City and County Hospital.
August SO, lWO, infant son of Mary Coile, a
native of California, ased 1 day.
CT'.\DI!OTTE-In this city. August 81. 1900.
Jean Joe«9b Condrotte. beloved husband or
Vktoire Jacquemin Condrotte. and father of
Jnreph, Lucicn and Adolph Condrotte, a na-
tive of ¦Ri>!gium, asred 68 years.
DUNN— In this city, August 3f), 1900. Frederick
nunn. a native of Kngland. aged 57 years 9
nmnths and 25 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tnls daj
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors ot
the G.intner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
12;n Mission street, between KiRhth and
Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DWYF.R— In this city, August 30, 1900, William,
beloved husband of Ellen Dwyer, father of
Edward, William, Joseph and Harold Dwyer
and Mrs. Albert Braun. and brother-in-law
of MrP. Thomas A. Dwyer. a native of County
Tipperary. Ireland, aged 62 years.
EDELSTEN— In the Philippine Islands, July
25. 1900, Ernest Edelsten. a native of Man-
chester, England, aged 36 years 3 months anil
5 dajB.
GnOPP-In West Berkeley, August 30, 1900.
Mary Jane, beloved wife of George M. Gropp.
and mother of Albert and Carrie Wilson, a
native of Ireland, need 4S years. (Chicago,
111., and St. Louis, Mo., papers please copy.)
Ev>"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(J-'unday). at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Ninth and Camelia streets. West
Berkeley. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
HOFFMAN*— In this city, Ausust 31. 1900, Mar-
cella. beloved wife of Max Hoffman (nee
¦ Lawless), a native of San Francisco.
JKFFERY— In this city, August 29, 1900, David
S. JefTery. a native of California, aged 4S
years 2 months and ?0 days.
inTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
- tbe California Undertaking Company, 405 Pow-
ell street, pear Post. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, August 31. 1900, James,
dearly beloved son of Thomas and Kate Kelly,
a native of San Francisco, aged 21 days.
LOUGHERY— In this city. August 29. 1900,
Michael Loughery. a native of County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 5S years. (Santa Cruz pa-
pers please copy.)
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. A
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul this day (Saturday),
in th« Chapel of the Passion, attached to St.
Mary's Hospital, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Friend* are invited to attend.
LOWTHEn— In N'apa City, August 30, 1900,
Author Lowther, a native of England, aged
C4 years.
MIRANDA— In Martinez. Cal.. Ausrust SO, 1900.
Guadalupe Molina de Miranda, relict of Jos»
Antonio Miranda, mother of Miss Guadalupe
F. Miranda and Mrs. Emily Bowen of Mar-
tinez and Mrs. P. C. Heminger of Crockett,
and grandmother of "William U. Bowen of San
Francisco Leon C. Bowen of New York. Sam-
uel U Bowen of Texas, and Archie, Leon and
Aileen Murphy, a native of Guaymas, Mexico,
ased 83 years 8 months and 18 days.
MORAX— In this city, August 31, 1900, Mary
E . relict of the late Thomas C Moran. and
beloved mother of Nellie. Ida, Thomas. Ray-
mond and Herman Moran. a native Of Cali-
fornia, aced 4S years.
ETRemnlns at the parlors of J. C. O^Connor
& Co.. TCT Mission street. Notioe of funeral
hereafter.
NEWMAN— In this city, August 30, 1900, John
T.. beloved hurband of Charlotte Newman,
and father of Frank T. Newman, Mrs. L.
Davies Mrs. R. C. Black. Mrs. G. Stolz and
Mrs. W. Jones, a native of England, aged- 83
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrovr
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F. Hall,
Seventh and Market streets, under the aus-
pices of California Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission
street.
0'CONNELL»--In Oakland, August 30. 1900, Eu-
gene Joseph O'Connell. a native of Sacra-
1 m?nto, Cal., aged 33 years 4 months and 23
day?.
CTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tj attend the funeral this day
(Saturday 1 ), at S:30 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of Beaudry & McAvoy, S.3
Washington ptr<x>t, thence to the Church of
the Immaculate Conception, "where a requiem
rilspp will be celebrated for the repose of his
poul. commennnj; at 3 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
PHILLIPS— In this city. August 30, 10M, Mary,
beloved wife nf thr la}* .rames Phillips, and
m ,lhc>- of James and William 1'htilins and
Mrs. Mary Artn "Wcismann of Portland, Or.,
a native of Ireland, aged 52 years.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tn attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlor of
' CnstagnKto &. Ravenna. C43 and 64S Vallejo
street thence to Ft. Francis Church for
I servic'py; Int;rment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROSSETER— In Alameda." August 30. 1900.
James Tone, beloved son of Abbie M. and
•the late Gebrce R. Rosseter, ,a native of San
l-'rancisco, aged 2S years 10 months and .21;
,days. ! •- -. . ¦•'/,'. '¦ ¦ ' ¦ ' ¦.' ' ¦ •-=.•¦ •-.¦"•'-
" .-. C3*Xhe • funeral will take place this day
'• ' •VVSa'turdayV, at S^O.-o'rlock, from his late resi-
:• dence,. 2>'3'i San Jose ayenue. ' Alameda, thence
• '"•¦to St' Joseph's Church; where a requiem hlch
": -mass will- be celebrated; for- the; repose, of his
- foul, corhmencing at 10 o'clock;, -.Friends, are
' invited .-to ..aittend. ¦; Interment- .•private.-; .-.No
': "'¦ ftowers:. !'y -¦'¦'¦•" v "' : "-.'"• " ¦ '"."¦ .-:'. : '-'.*.v '-.'i •"•¦'< *•';.':
:R.yAN^in,;S>nt.a' Cruz; Cal:; Au^uBt ¦ 30. 1!>%
• Andrew .7. Hyari.-. ti native of. San Franciacp..
SMITIlTvln ; the , ( ; it v> and "County .HrBpitai,-
• • August'- '31; '.inrav-.panlfi-' Smith, .a., native of
¦¦I New- .Yoi-ki-aigrd W years.' ..'.; >' ¦¦¦,¦'/ '¦; : : :.-.-[--
STAACli^-Iri 'thVs city; Augrust 29.. 1900, • Chris*-
: tlan ':' Fre'.'l . S\p. ArU.. >."ioyr<1 ¦ husband -of Delia
•j Staick. a.rat'ye of Flehsburgr;VG.errhany, : aKCd
-4S •years ; -11 'months- find iSvd-ay's. -. A. member
<of the German. Krleier Verelri.; .a.nd:.yereiri'
¦ ."Eintrricht. 1 :V '. '; :. : v- .-:¦ ¦•¦•- . ; .•:; ¦::/: •."•¦ -..•.-.¦¦ :'¦¦.- ' . .¦'••¦.
: . IC? 1 Friends nn/1. rjcqun 'ntanceg-. are..' : respe;c.t-
" oiflly invited to attend the funeral tOTTftorrbW
. -if Sunday V.;. at- li): o'clock, fjroni. .B'nal- '. B'.rlth:
: • 1 1? II i ¦ 121 Eddy > t rpp.t, •. wh ere .funeral ¦ Ksnices.
¦ .will -be h rid under, the-- auspices . of ;the'.Ger-'
¦•¦.'^^Van,^¦^irlo6e^?!;•Vpre.i.n¦••a¦nd¦¦••yfer^'ln¦•.•¦Ki¦ntra«;ht..'
¦¦'¦'¦ iritefment I;qurel ITill OmPtery:- It^mains at
' the :j>.iri..rs of H. I J . ; IVtersen &' Co..,. 225 Mcv;
; •" AlH?te!f ¦treet;':": ': : ;- ..--•: : . ¦;'-¦•- r.;\. • ;. ¦¦':'. . :'. c:-".';
!\'E RH A V E^jn -A>rne ws-, ¦ Au Viist SI; . 19Q0; ¦ A fyy
..- lln^ Vffhave,- b»10vcd sister v. of .: : Mrs.:-C : 'J;
:. Fiat t, Mrs. Annie Lurid. Mrs. Emel ina Srhm-
der and: John: Verhave, a. native of California,
¦ ng-ed 33 years. ¦' ¦ . ¦/,¦¦¦. .">••¦•. ¦¦¦¦.:'¦•.¦:.-¦.¦¦-The ladies of the California State Floral
Society held a meeting yesterday after
noon at the Occidental Hotel and matured
their plans for the coming annual flower
show to be held October 25. 26 and 27 at
Sherman & Clay's Hall. Mrs. William
Alvord will offer a gold medal for tha
best amateur or professional exhibition
of roses. A large number. of silver arid
bronze pnedals and. badges will be com
peted for by the exhibitors. Mxs. J. R.
Preparing for Flower Show.
Programme of Poolsellers' Cases to
Be Followed by Judge
Cabaniss.
The trial of Dan Crowley, the poolseller,
was commenced In Judge Cabanisa* court
yesterday. He is accused of selling pools
on a prizefight In violation of the ordi
nance. Up to 6 o'clock last evening the
following jurors had been obtained to try
the case: John Dalles, coal dealer, 1206
Folsom street; Richard Kennedy, dry
goods dealer, 1106 Market street: Oscar
Finck, mill-owner. Fifth and Brydht
streets; John Johansen, watchmaker 11S9
rk K l £&?& . and Mlke Mitchell,
plumber, 9o2 Mission street. A special
venire was at once issued and made re
turnable this mornlns. It is expected that
tho jury will be completed to-day
After nearly an hour's wrangling be
tween counsel in Judge Cabaniss' court
yesterday morning as to setting poolsell
ing cases for trial it was decided to carry
put the .following programme: L. Rob
lnette s case, to be tried September 13-
Joseph Mohan's, September 17; George
puncan s, September 19. The cases of the
four poolsellers arrested Thursday night
were continued to be set— Abe Krauss and
Zeke Abram? till September 4, and H.
Muller and Joseph Mohan till Septem
ber i.
FIVE JURORS SECURED
TO TRY DAN CROWLEY
Rabbi Myers' I«ectnre.
Rabbi Isldor Myers will deliver at th«
Bush-street Synagogue to-morrow even
ing at 8 o'clock the last of the present
course, of Sunday popular iectures. The
subject- will be "Universal Toleration
Taught by the Jews." During the evening
Miss Bello Rosenthal will play a violin
solo-. '':
OLD MAN IS KILLED
BY A SAN JOSE TRAIN
Robert Spears Frightfully Mangled
While Crossing the Track Hear
Ocean Vie-w.
Robert Spears, a chicken raiser. 70 years
of age, was struck and mangled by a San
Jose train, near Ocean View, early yes
terday morning. He died last night at
the City and County Hospital and hi3
body was taken to the Morgue.
Spears was crossing the track, when en
gine 1371 struck him. He was pitched to
one side of the track and was insensible
when picked up. The police conveyed the
injured man to the City and County Hos
pital,-where he was treated by Dr. Saph.
The old man's feeble condition waa
against him, and he expired shortly after
9 p. m.
Spears received a compound fracture of
the left leg and was internally Injured
His scalp was also frightfully lacerated,
but it Is not known whether or not his
skull was fractured.
Spears conducted a chicken ranch on
Sickle avenue, near the Mission road. Ha
had no relatives, except one nephew.
Martin presided at yesterday's meeting
and it was arranged that the club meet
every Friday afternoon.
Accountants, who value their Bight use'Bank
Stock paper. Mysell-Rolllns. 22 Clay,' "makers. •
R. S. Boyns. general secretary of . the
Sacramento Young Men's Christian As
sociation, will address the service for men
at the association hall, Mason and Ellis
streets, to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock.
His subject for discourse is "A Lenient
Master." .V ¦
It. S. Boyns to Address Men.
"Wanted in Santa Barbara.
* S. Reisman was arrested yesterday at
413 Clementina street by Detectives Dil
lon and Crockett on a dispatch from
Santa Barbara that he was wanted there
on a felony charge. He Is accused of
buying a lot of sheep from a rancher who
could neither read nor write. for $150, and
giving him a promissory note Instead of
a check for the amount.
«jj=^.UBLIC Administrator Patrick Bo
j L_^/ land has some decided views : and
j l£ docs not hesitate to express them
on occasion. Such an occasion
arose at the meeting of the Iriquois Club
last evening when Mr. Boland precipitated
a lively discussion by objecting vlgorously
to the singing "of "America" at the close
j of its installation exercises.
It all came about most unexpectedly.
j The committee appointed to draw up a
i suitable ritual presented its report, and ,
1 its acceptance was moved.
"There i? one feature, of that pro-
I gramme which I cannot consistently . ln
; dorse,". •: .^ald Mr. Roland. "The
committee recommends !%iat ' the cere
monies conclude with the singing
j of 'America.' Now I object. That-song is
( nothing' more nor less than" a rehash of
•God Save the Queen.' The sentiments
I may be all right, but tbetuae stands for
The great ¦ Monterey • excursion takes
place to-jnorrow. The train leaves Third
and Townsend streets depot at 8 a. m. and
the ticket costs ?2. These are the main
facts of this popular event, but it must
not be forgotten that the time at the re
sorts Is five hours and there are pleasures
enough to occupy every minute of the
time. William H. Menton will be in
-charge of the excursion.
To Monterey, Del Monte and
Pacific .Grove.
SUNDAY'S BIG
EXCURSION
nothing that this club represents. Heard
at a distance I'll take my oath that the
tune -was the national air of England.
"The tune of 'America' was originally
a. French hymn sung for his Highness,
Louis XIII, then it was exported to Ger
many, then to England- and -finally It
reached America. I move you; Mr. Chair
man, that in place of 'America' we sing
the 'Star Spangled Banner.' "
By this tune a dozen or more members
were moving uneasily in their chairs, and
there waa a general scramble for the floor
as Boland sat down. .
J. G. Dexter was recognized by the
chair. . • . .
"From as early as I, can remember, and
that is quite a long time, "said he, "I
have bflcn in the habit of singing 'Amer
ica.' I was taught to love It as I love
my country. The author was an Ameri
can through and -through. His name was
Smith. - The- sentiments of the song are
American from top to bottom. If there
is any Amfrican hymn at all to-day It is
certainly 'America.' "
T. C. Spelling created a laugh by sug
gesting that it would be a good Idea to
have "America" read for the benefit of
those who might not know the words.
Boland said It was not the sentiments
he objected to, but the tune.
Major Lewis said the "Star-Spangled
Banner" reminded him of the "fact that
the farmers have voted, for protection.
"We have been led like a pig with a ring
in his nose behind the 'Star-Spangled
Banner.'" he said. "The 'cause of
democracy, pure and simple, needs an In
vocation like 'America.' We can all sing
'America,' but I don't -helieve there are
three of us here to-night who can sing
the 'Star-Spangled Banner.' If it origi
nated with the -English,' so much the bet
ter; so did the 'Star-Spangled Banner'
and 'Yankee Doodle.' "
Mr. Boland took exceptions to the
"Yankee Doodle" statement. He claimed
it to be an out and. out Yankee produc
tion.
Judge A. J. Lemon said he preferred the
"Star-Spangled Banner." The discussion
was then brought to a close by a motion
referring the question back to the 1 com
mittee for further consideration. The
committee will report at the next meet
ing.
R.- P. Troy delivered n speech on im
perialism, and Mark R. Plalsted, proprie
tor of the Fresno Democrat, spoke on the
Democratic situation in general.
SAYS IROQUOIS BRAVES
MUST NOT SING "AMERICA"
;. ,. -•¦-¦¦ -.v; ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ? . :¦¦¦:'.-. . .'¦¦-'
Patrick Boland Vigorously Objects to
the National Hymn as Altogether
Too British.
Gertrude H. Van Norden was granted a.
divorce yesterday from George R. Van
Norden on the pround of willful neglect.
Kliza X.. I>ouis has been granted a: divorce
from Charles II. Lfuis on the ground of
failure to provide. Suits for divorce were
lil»d yesterday by M.'E. Hotehkiss apalnst
Frances M. Hotchk'.ss for ..cruelty and
Margaret H. Montell against Alfred M.
Montel! for failure to provide. ... : . :,¦ - ' .; .
In the Divorce Court.
Successful Benefit Musicale.
A delightful musicale for the benefit of
'the .Woman's Christian Temperance Union
piano fund was held yesterday afternoon
at the residence of Mrs. Marrlner-Camp
bell. 1820 Turk street. Miss Margery
Marks, Miss Isella Van Pelt, Miss Belle
Miss Barter. Miss Violet John
son, Miss Florence Doanes, Miss Arameta
Van Pelt and Miss Julia Tharp contribut
ed to the splendid programme. The fea
ture of the afternoon was the exquisite
playing of little Violet Johnson, the child
violinist.
Thomas Kervan, assistant clerk to Dep
uty Customs Collector Farley, was re
ported to Coroner Cole yesterday by his
wife as missing for a week, and she said
that she feared he had committed suicide.
Kervan left the Custom-house several
weeks ugo for the purpose of receiving
medical treatment. He went to St. Mary's
Hospital, and left that institution a week
ago. since which time his wife had heard
no tidings of him. She said that he was a
slave to alcohol, but Deputy Collector
Farley said that he had not been aware
that such was the fact, . '•"•¦.' •
Custom-House Clerk Missing.
An TJnknoxtTi Old Man Committed
Suicide Under a Tree in the ' !
Graveyard. :,: ; ;'!
Mrs. Tevis of 1"OS Broderlck street while
passing along the O'Parrell street side of
Calvary Cemetery at 10 o'ciock j-esterday
morning saw the figure of a man sus
pended from a tree in the cemetery. It
was swaying gently to -ind fro In the west
wind, and thinking that it was a dummy
I.lacd there by mischievous boys she paid
no further attention. Two hours later Gus
A Bruckner of 24 Maple court was driving
by in his milk wagon and stopped to ex
amine the BUpposed dummy. He found
that It was the body of an old man
Tinnping by the neck to a tree, the noose
being- a piece of baling- rope. He notified
the police at. the O'Farrell-street station
and the body was taken to the Morgue. A
pocketknlfe and a key were found on hta
person, but no papers ; or anything by
Which his Identity might bp ascertained.
The dead man* was about C5;years old.
five feet live inches tall and weighcl about
ICO pounds: His eyes were blue, complex
ion fair, and there was a three weeks:
growth of sandy board. The" clothing wa^
! a brown pack coat and vest, black slouch
i hat. black and gray striped trousers, top
[boots, red flannel drawers; and merino un-
I dershirt. ";;.' '.. ¦•'¦- ;; ...:'. ; : '.-':-'\ : .'¦¦'-.¦•..;•¦;' ¦'¦¦•'' '.-'•¦ \" : '' ¦¦¦' ,
HANGED HIMSELF IN
CALVARY CEMETERY
When the woman's sons came, .home
from school they called for their mother,
but received no. response. One of them
opened the bathroom door, but was driven
back by the stifling odor of gas. He. called
J. O'Connor , a neighbor, and the body
was taken out.-. . .. . : .- ' ;
Mrs. -..Wallln-R'-s mother. Mrs.. Stewart,
res)de3 at 73 Harriet place, and her sister
at the '.-^ftm-p-: "arldrcss.: Her last husband
was a contractor.- .: ¦ , :
Deputies Meehfin and Smith conveyed
the body to thfe Morgue, where an inquest
will be held;. V ¦•;..,. •; , ;.:¦•• .-.¦¦;-¦ ';V : -
Dear >Iama .Olivia; ; My handwrltine may
Ve«E Srm— well,; I om dying and in my trou
t.le. if you ooth are go iieartleps not to come
to see .rr/e In: death and sleep. I will, I hope,
nbt trfiuble ; vbu. ; If I am not good enough In
life I am not pood in death, and my request
Is ti. leave me. in death as well as life; Youra
lovingly;.. ¦::v".'.;, ': •:¦ _" ' \" \ ' "." ANNIE; ;
Mrs. Walling was divorced from her sec
ond husband about one month ago. She
had lived with him but four months. The
reparation caused her much mental an
guish, and recently she has been despond
ent Yesterday morning she sent her two
pons. one aged 7 and the other 13. to
school and then laid the plans to destroy
her life. : vv ' ¦¦ ' ._ .
Mrs. Walling closed the bathroom door
arid turned on the gas. As the deadly
fluid was accomplishing Its work she
penned this note, which was found beside
the body:- : .;-^; :¦; ':/•. -': ''< ' ' - ''¦'-: -.-
Mrs. Annie Walling, a woman 20 years
of age. ended her life by inhaling Illumin
ating gas at her home. 2319 Bryant street,
yesterday. The body waa discovered late
in the afternoon by her two young sons
as it lay stiff nnd cold on the bathroom
floor. Despondency over a recent divorce
and family troubles in general are sup
posed to have been the cause of the
woman's rash act.
Turned on Gas in Bathroom and
Then /Wrote a Sensational
/-¦ •';•.¦¦. •¦'¦¦ ¦¦¦•;Note". to Parent and
: -^-- ':'.-.;¦ ;'-::- : i '¦'.¦¦ '? Sister. ' ' ; -.'-''
Domestic Troubles Caused
[Mrs. Walling to End
"Her- Life. ¦ '
CAME HOME AND
FOUND MOTHER
COLD IN DEATH
The Greek Republican Club held a large
ly attended meeting at its rooms in
Pythian Temple last evening. A number
of* new members were admitted and sev
eral speeches were made. The club ex
pects to iigure prominently in the coming
campaign and will probably organize a
battalion to participate in the McKinley
and Roosevelt 'torch light parades. : .. ¦
Greek Republican Club.
ing at 7 o'clock at the County Central
Committee headquarters, and at 8 o'clock
the County Central Committee will meet
at Shiels "Hall in response to the call
issued by Chairman Buuvier.
Secretary Wilson of the County Central
Committee will to-day certify to the State
Central Committee the names of the dele
gates elected to the State Convention.
Th credentials of the delegates to the
: county convention, all of which will be
issued by to-night, are being signed by
John R. " Hlllman and James A. Wilson,
I chairman and secretary of the returning
! board, and by Alfred Bouvier and James
A. Wilson, chairman and secretary of the
County Central Committee. /
PROBATE JUDGE J. V. COFFEY.
The Forty"»ecpod D'strict contest was
tak-en; up. and one Gallagher trif*d to px
3>la!in uliy the inlly-^heetP showed but
thirty v.-tes-- for the Kelly-Orimroins
ticket, ih'mp 1 ! ihi> total was ?/<%.
"Hu'^k" HpfTcrnnn. the inspector, had
come pp otti nf the tenderloin m listen to
the nrorer-rllKR"!.- loil his courage, and in
t!i«- La.ngiiss'e Of <ri:>nacher, "itlowed"; be
f'-.re the h(.-arinpr tifRan. . "
The retcrnlnTt" beard will meet this even-
According to the.tesr.mony adduced by
i'ii- defense the'- primary In the '. : Fprty
thirfi Ui^tilct w,-is a^ pure ¦ aiid : un
emlrcfced ::> the .' .-driven snow. ..Henry
Etern; ?%lii;-- Flyntt; John Carlm. a jud«e,
f tA William McCarthy and William Mv-
L<an. the two clerks at Precinct No, 2.
end Orcxttan Hillman. who '.was . there
•Tubb'-r-nvckinp-." Mil- testified thatnot a
r:ij!-Fii<inab!» act committed durinir
the da\". According, to them George J.
BojTie wa's-thc ¦ only disreputable citizen
in thr> wrhole <!iFtrict. The < < ommittfe will
<~.r-cic.(- u,-<iay upon the. contest and will
ir-port to th»- returning board at 7 o'clock
this evening-.-;".":-':'. :-.¦¦¦.¦"'."¦ :'_:.:¦[..¦:,.¦
Complete Recognition by the Bepub
lican Bosses of the Authority
cf the Returning Board
of Eighteen.
•
The Phelan manipulators held a confer
ence yef.erilay and decided to turn down
Senator R. Porter Ashe for the Demo
cratic Congressional nomination In the
Fourth District and place Judge J. V.
CofTey on the ticket. It i? said Judge
CoUey will be nominated whether he ac
cepts or declines. : •
\ *=harp Hght for the Republican nomi
nation for Congress in the First District
is imminent- ow'ins to the uncertain posi
tion of the Sraoraa delegation, benator J.
N Gillette at Humboldt has developed
ir.bre evrtfsgth than his opponents ere at
I rst wlliir.g to concede him. He will na\e
solid deieKatlons from Humboldt, Trinity,
D«=l None and Siskiyou.
Frank L. Coombs ivili be supported b>
the Napa. Marin r.nd Fhasta delegation
He nl*o stands a fair chance of winning
the Mcndocino delegation. The delegate!*
fr«>-n Tthamru Plumap, Sierra and Lassen
seem to hold tho balance of power.
It Is settled that Samuel M. bhortridpe
veiil be noml::at<Hl for elector at large on
the Republican State ticket. The other
• aafildate at lar^e may be William J. Har
rett of I>o? Angeles. The following names
•or district *U=-ctors are mentioned:
Serond t>irtrlct— E. C. Voorhlea of Amador.
Third District— Willlaa R. Davie. Alameaa.
Fourth I'istnct— I*rar.k ShOowan. San Fran
eistb District— Warren Porter. Sar.ta Cruz.
The Alam^da delegation to the Repub
lican State Convention at Santa Cruz will
. •-. \,.\--. -.':::¦:: ., resolution relating to
(he State lulverslty. It is suggested that
a declaration of this character be em
bodiec in :he platform:^ y '
"\\> fully recognize the Importance of
the great work that the State University
's doing toward the intellectual and indus
•rial development of the Stale.:. We recog
r'ze a'.5o that the demands upon it in
both these direction? have so outgrown
i'F income as to seriously threaten its
efflciencv. We therefore pledge our party
and its "individual members to a rea^on
i^lp increaf-e of its revenues through the
c-omirj Legislature, and are of the opin
|on :hat this should be done, if possible.
v.-lthout adding to the burden of general
taxation." ¦:¦' :.: :'"':¦. . . .
LAST OP THE CONTESTS.
Interest Centers in Meeting To-night j
of Hepublican County Central
Committee. :>
Th<? work of the Republican returning j
b^ard !s practically completed. It will',
meet this evening at 7 o'clock and will .
act upon the re< orr.rr.cnd.-u'.ons of the ,
Eub-co:nmittee in regard to the districts ,
la which delegates' credentials have not j
vet been issued.
The rocofmition accorded by the bosses
to the reluming board, at first so much
tinned by them, !s now complete. Even ;
In the Tblrtr-nnrt district, to whose dele- j
rate* tho Issnance of credential* has al- .:
ready been re-commended according to ;
face of the returns, the Kelly-Crim- >
TDlxa henchmc-u have hastened to get in ,
behind the band wagon. Last night they ,
appeared : before the sub-comnnittee ap- ¦
pointed to hear protests and represented ,
thru frauds had been committed.
J. \V. Offcnnann. one of the district j
conunltteemen and one of the contest- <
ants; v.-ns by Chairman McCarthy 1
why th^ contest had not been begrun ;
earlier, as they .had had sufficient notice
that final action was being taken in re
gard to delegates of whose election there
was no contest. OfTerrnann admitted that
they had been hesitating- ...whether to
recognize the returning board or not, and
at last had decided that they had better
do bo. "'•¦'-•: -- ¦¦'"¦".••¦'¦•.:•'¦•.•'¦¦¦¦ : V-'- ; '.'¦": • •.-•'•'•'
No action was taken by the committee
\,;-,!i the contest 'tiled by Offennann and
iiii.tr:-. a> the r< commendation of the
committee fca<S already been made. ¦ : - : . !
The defense in the. Forty-third District
contest w::s heard by the committee. Thy
choicest lot of boosters ..y«-t: teen at any
cf th<- t-ontf sis v.t-re p:«=cnL Alike l-'lynn
joined John J.: Curry;. -la conducting, the
case. T^m Cunljoy was thorr to KC thii
;:¦ publican politics should: not suffer for
want of f-x;«Ti(-r.r» gaineil in; Democratic
manipulations. Saloort- keepers, eTafters
ii.r.4 ten<ierloin politicians were conspicu
cv.± among the witness.-?.. ', '•> ¦; v. '¦'¦- '¦¦¦"¦ • ¦'-
Phelan Orders Senator Ashe
Turned Down and Judge
Coffey Named.
CONTESTS FOR
CONGRESSIONAL
NOMINATIONS
Campaign Opened With an Array *of
Misleading and False State
ments Which. Are Prompt
ly Contradicted.
San Francisco's unique Mayor, aided and
abetted by the Examiner, is trying to pave
the way for the expenditure of $1,000,000 or
more for a mansard roof to be placed on
the City Hall. : For two days the Exam
iner has been publishing statements de
rived from the Mayor's stock of vast and
ready misinformation. Swimming in this
frothy sea and neatly islanded from sur
rounding leagues of "yellows" by the use
of borders there appeared yesterday a
resolution fathered by Sam Braunhart
calling upon the Board of Public Works
to ascertain and report the cost of re
moving the present roof from the ¦ City
Hall and replacing it with a . mansard
roof and story. .
The outgivings in the Examiner and the
proposition contained in the resolution
that Sam Braunhart has evolved are so
easily traced through intrinsic evidence
to Mayor Phelan that he will not deny
their paternity. To furnish a reason for
the change in the roof an attack was
made upon the existing roof, which was
described In large type as "fourteen acre3
of cracked concrete and that Is what the
city has for money squandered on tho
hail roof." Mayor Phelan was also rep
resented as having fought the present
roof "with tooth and claw." The clear
intention to prepare for a huge and un
necessary raid has stirred up the indig
nation of solid citizens. The scheme, so
pay prominent citizens, will be fought
bitterly: if the new "roof ring" tries to
force it. '¦ . ' '. :'. ,
The proposed mansard roof would cost,
according to Architect Frank T. Shea,
$1,500,000. instead of $200,000, as estimated
in the Examiner's misleading story. The
cement roof now in place can be made
satisfactory for fifty years by the expendi
ture of $jyu0 for "topping," needed to put
upon the cement base. "Strange it is."
said Mr. Shea, "if the present roof Ib
leaky and only cracked cement, that dur
ing the four years it has been in place
it has cost nothing worth mentioning for
repairs." When he was asked about the
story that the roof has cracked the ex
terior walls of the City Hall by its weight,
Mr. Shea answered that the statement
could not be true; that a mansard roof
would put a much greater strain upon the
walls. ¦ *
Mr. Shea was the architect of the City
Hall Commissioners when the cement roof
was put on. "I challenge any one to
show." he said, "that it does not corre
spond, structurally, with the roofs of all
large, modern, fireproof buildings. The
only question is concerning the topping.
The use of felt for topping had not been
sufficiently exploited to demonstrate its
success when the work was done. As I
have said, $5000 will supply the necessary
topping."
The absurdity of the claim of the Ex
aminer that "fourteen acres" of man
sard roof could be put on for $200,000 was
apparent. As a matter of fact there are
only about two and a half acres in the
City Hall roof. Mr. Shoa said it was not
surprising if the cement roof leaked some.
All large roofs leak. The cement is the
easiest substance to repair and the easiest
to discover a Haw in so Mr. Shea insists.
Mayor Phelan Urging On
Huge Scheme With Aid
of the Examiner.
MILLION-DOLLAR
MANSARD ROOF
RAID PLANNED
¦ . -
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1900.
NINETY-NINE YEARS AT
ALCATRAZ FOR TRAITOR
EX-PHIVATE HENRY VANCE, CONDEMNED TRAITOR.
enjoying the pay and emoluments of a
major in the Filipino army.. ,
In March of this year Vance was'cap
tured in the company of two Filipinos.
He tried to explain that he was a pris
oner, but the men with him Informed the
Americans that he was a major in their
army. The traitor was wearinc side
arms at the time, which gave the He to
his story of being a captive.
He was tried by court-martial and sen
tenced to be shot. The findings of the
court were approved by President Mc-
Klnley with the exception of the sentence,
which was commuted to confinement for
ninety-nine years. He was confined In the
prison at Bilibld until the Thomas waa
ready to sail, when, In company with
thirty-eipht others, he was confined
aboard that vessel. The other prisoners,
some of whom have '.ong terms to serve,
treated Vance with the utmost contempt,
refusing even to talk with him. He went
over the side of the old Thomas to the
cell at Alcatraz which he will occupy for
the balance of his days and not a word
of sympathy did he receive.
<s. — — — — • — — —
FOR the next ninety-nine years, if
he should happen to live that long,
all that Henry Vance, late private
of the Thirty-seventh United States
Infantry, will see of the world will be
through the bars of his cell at Alcatraz.
Despised and hated by his fellow-prlson
c-rs he will not even have the consolation
of hearing a friendly voice.
Vance Is a Mexican by birth and had
fousnt with Spaniards in the Spanish-
American war. He hung around Manila
and when the Thlrtv- seventh Infantry
was organized enlisted. He became chief
musician and used every opportunity to
Inform himself of the movements of our
troops. It was proven later that he had
used" the knowledge for the benefit of the
Filipinos.
• The latter part of December of ISM he
disappeared and for flve months nothing
was heard of him by the military author
ities beyond vague rumors that ho was
PATRICK BOLAND.
14
Special Bargains Saturday and Monday.
Granulated Best Cane Sugar, 20 lbs $1.00
¦ . To every, purchaser of four dollars'
'"-. ' -worth of Groceries we will
give 20 Ib3 of sugar for $1.00.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square -40c
Our Butter sales have In-
creased our trade.
Choice Butter la our Motto.
Regular 50c.
DLO I III ¦ I LuUO, UJit/ll •••••••••• OUli
Gathered daily from the Mission.
Regular 33c.
Choice Petaiuma Ranch Eggs, dozen 22'c
Guaranteed. Rpjrnlar 27^ic
MARTIN'S EASTERN CHEESE 15c
Extra Fine. Regular 23c lb.
EASTERN SUGAR-CURED HAMS 13c
"We Guarantee every Ham. Regular ISc.
Irish and Scotch Whisky, qt bot ....95c
Imp. from Belfast. Reeular $1.13.
LEA & PERRIN'S IMP. SAUCE 20c
Genuine Worcestershire. Regular Cc.
EXTRA CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR.... 80c
Regular 95c
HUILE D'OLIVE. hilf-gillon 9S«
Imp. from Marseilles. Franc*.
Regular $1.40.
BE3T EXTRA SODA CRACXER3. 15-ft box.... 53*
Limit 2 boxes. Regular 63c.
PARIS EXTRA CHOICE NEW COBN 13%l
This Sugar Corn is the finest
that ever came from Portland.
Maine. Reeular 20c.
HOOVER'S HEALTH COCOA 23a
Limit 2 cans. Regular 35c.
134-8-1354 MARKET STREET.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone S. 232. No Branch. Stores.
flw§3«Sr^ SAME SHAPE
B^WV TWO QUAUTI ESy/g^^*^
K^^yipfc^"ai5^S3yr^1^^^P^3a
DR.MCNULTY7
rjtnrsw-nrx-Kxowx axdeeliable old
I SpecUIIstcure^Rlood roison.Gonorrhcea.Glee:,
Strt-turt-, h<>n:inal Weakne&H. Impotence anil tbeUr-
ullie.l Disorders, lloolc on IKaeuses ot Men, free.
Over'JOj-ear^Viperleiire.Tprm^reiwonabie. Hour*.
9to3dally:R:.10tf>.*. Wpv'ki Sund:»y». 10 1» li Cimsa!-
tatlon free and sacredly con t!iU-n iLtl. Call or address
P. KOSCOK JIcXULTY. 31. D. '
£G>£ lie ai-uy St., Man Frauclsco, CaL
SATURDAY
THESE VALUES WILL INTEREST YOU
LADIES' HOSIERY.
16 RIBBED HOSE, double heel and toe; con-
sidered cheap at 20c. TO-DAY'S price,
12V£c pair.
BLACK HOSE, •white foot; Rood value at 20c.
TO-DAY'S price, 14c pair.
TO-DAY we're offering- our 35c BLACK HOSE
at 2."»e pair. • ;
SILK AND LISLE HOSE, sold throughout the
city at 40c pair. TO-DAY we sell them at
iiRe.
BLACK HOSE, -white polka dot all over, very
latest; sold elsewhere 25c. Our price TO-
DAY, 15e pair.
BLACK LACE HOSE, worth EOc. We close
them out TO-DAY at 2Se.
SILK-FINISHED BLACK HOSE, worth 25c.
TO-DAY'S price, 17c pair.
BLACK HOSE, opera length, 35c quality. TO-
DAY'S price, 25c.
TO-DAY WE'RE SHOWING FALL STYLES
IN LADIES' SILK WAISTS AND CHIL-
DREN'S CLOAKS AND JACKETS.
GREAT INDUCEMENTS OFFERED TO-
DAY'S_BUYERS.
CHILDREN 7^" HOSIERY.
DOUBLE KNEE. HEEL AND TOE HOSE,
worth 15c. TO-DAY'S price. Oc pair.
20c FINE RIBBED HOSE. TO-DAY'S price.
lZ>4c pair.
HEAVY RIBBED HOSE, 25c quality. TO-
DAY'S price, 18c pair.
EXTRA FINE GAUGE HOSE, 25c quality. TO-
DAY'S price. 17c
CHILD'S RED CASHMERE OR COTTON
HOSE, extra fine value. TO-DAY'S price.
Site pair.
SILK-FINIKH HOSE, worth 40c. TO-DAY'S
price, 23c pair,
INFANTS 7 HOSE.
FINE COTTON. HOSE, full finish; good 20c
value. TODAY'S price; 12&c. .
RED, TINK OR BLUE HOSE, silk heel and
toe, i."ic pair.
Sizes of Children's Hose are from 5 to 9^4.
Sizes of Infants' Hose are from 4 to C.
# A11 Sizes One Price.
ALL OUR HOSIERY~ARE FULL FINISHED
AND FAST COLORS.
TO-DAY ONLY— 25 PER CENT DISCOUNT
ON ALL OUR LINES OF R. & G. AND
P. & M. CORSETS.
33c LADIES' VESTS. TO-DAY'S price. li>e.
23c LADIES' VESTS, all colors. TO-DAY'S
.price, I2V&C. .
NEW. LINES OF VEILINGS and NECK RIB-
BONS JUST RECEIVED. RIBBON BOWS
TIED FREE.'
TO-DAY WE'RE SHOWING GREAT VALUES
IN LADIES' MUSLIN UNDERWEAR
. AND LADIES' WRAPPERS.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Jones, .
Mart everyone who has whiskey for Bale
compares It* •¦Virtue* ' .to Jesse Moore ¦VVVAA".
v.-)ilEkey. ¦'.• '•¦¦ • ¦¦'..¦.'.: 'A; ¦'¦;!¦¦ . r ¦'¦'.. -¦'.¦'- /[ : - ¦.'¦''¦, -¦: ¦ ;'- .-¦• : .
I^adlVr.' tailor-made suits, *llk skirts, fur
capes; liberal Credit. M. Rothschild, 526 Sutter. •
I VlSIIOfb I
¦"• " o J
, . . . ;|
Visitors to the city during H
! the celebration .will find our H
f.ore well worth seeing. y
jv The second jloor displays the j fc|
: finest Hneot <mall musical in- N
¦ jtrurncr.t? on the coast — Zon-o- B
: I plrones, • Repina ?\lusic Boxes, JB
i Stewart -Banjos, Bauer Guitars n
;ind Mandolins, Columbia H
¦ Zithers, Courtois Band In- H
, £tuiment5. etc. •-':' .. -. f\
; ' , The third floor is devoted to ¦
i ; pi«nos from celebrated manu- {*
• ] facturcrs: .il«o the Angelus — B
1 1 the wonderful rhechanical piano H
3\ j,lcyer. : .W • : . ; . |
¦ The fourth flpor exhibits the [ H
S| world renowned ¦ Steinway | a
i Pianos.- ..•.;... jg
|j The annexed fifth floor con- jn
s tnins a line of Estey Organs. U
t You are welcome to visit any j f|
\ of our departments — we will be i g
j pleased to demonstrate the ad^ ' a
! | vantages of our various instni- jj
! | Sherman, Clay & Co., I
i i . rtsinway Pia':o Dealer*, |
j | Cor. Kearny end Butter Ets.. S. P". R
J Cor. l*th and Brocdway, Oakland. n
Hale's. | | > ,,-,-¦
gjflTO '.-¦•¦¦¦ ¦"*'¦¦"".".' - '¦:.'-'.' ¦•'• .-• ¦¦'.- "•. : '- : ". ; ".' ; -V-:-; : -' ¦¦ •'..".:. ..:¦¦. gling. the bid came from us — the acceptance ji^rj^j
fSBm from them, it's a large, choice lot— 3816 pieces— all new, fresh, desirable, perfect, here'3 jb^$;j
SJ^ the way we've priced them for enthusiastic selling: \ .— ¦
t^pr^3 ¦ ¦ : '. -: : : . •¦•.:• •"¦ ¦ . ... .-• ':. . ¦..¦¦.':'.•'¦•¦ ¦¦'•'.•.•-¦¦ ¦-. ¦ ¦. . '.-¦'.' h»ai-y shell empire combs, -with r'atn. BRjWB
»'^W1WS " La Sinclair" thrf><?-plec<=> comb pets— romr>adour shell combs, with fancy beveled or fancy tor?— tr.a.le to sp'.l at a%3§9
{O|9CT three dlffprent styles— plain, beveled scalloped tops— sturldert with rhlnestor.es 35c ar.d 50c each — our Q~p 13^7*3
wtMB shell and rhlnrstone Ftu'lded— some have . and turquolsrs In combination— made to prl^e W^a
SSSffl Meh Pmnlre combs— others have Ion:;- Fell at 6jc and 73c each— our 1Q/-> shell side combs In black, amber aivi L*r-i?SJ
SsSH backed combs— made to sell at 1Q/> price liJW Fhell— fancy tops— 34 Inch.-, long— IS&gl
%0» 50c to 73c a set, now I »_f C .¦;-¦¦/;...¦¦ V ; : v---":-.. .•..,"..¦., ¦ . mad* to fell at Coc a pair— our | 5T q SenlS
l| a clean-up sale of children's dresses
4?^a nbout twenty-flve dnzon all told— to-day's prices should carry them oft In a ask "you 1 to DatronUe. 3 °cf R^^l
S^^ canter— they're actually worth double. ':' : : ...[:¦''¦. -C. ¦'¦'¦' ' ! '' : ¦/.'¦¦'¦¦ ¦ ls minced or nlgeled— Immense, gener-
|fei*3 children's^^ percale dresses In pink: blue , girls 1 -^ngham: and lawn rtrfs^s- Items claim a niche in to-day's adve?!
ffiffim and lavender stripes-made with round made 'with white^open work yokes and tlslne. ;-..-.-,.-.•.. SSffl
¦ JV3SWH .. n i,, c nmi trimmpil with ruffles a tkd lace trlmmfd rufflf-s— ages <JT I O/| i*>5Su
hralds aees ' 3 Tand 5 yea™ O«^ 6 to 11 years, now <)l.iU extra heavy bleached table dan»«k- gga
mffl now 4 !'.. !*", ..... ....r.":25C. , adles . dres s .M^biack and whlto f^^ thrwd pure I«OQ C
?&Z*% HMrir^lawn percale and rtn R hara and fancy plaids-lnvcrtert plaits tn inches wide-now. per yard.. . OVf*-
» iiiSn^. b^^^M5c;:| n^do£ he^ u^$2.75 m
F&^a tnilMriGrV ¦'¦-'' /;: ¦¦'^ ¦-'.¦-¦¦ : -':'"'-:-.- .. : : ¦,¦'¦-.:¦:" .'"v" ¦ ' : - ¦.;¦.¦'¦.¦¦ - : - •"-'"'. colcred borders— were l^Hc each | /")/-•
Wk*a colors-asc. n 25 and....... fi | a g^f) J&^*Z^>O€infUUiiV>^<^ chlldren'o straw sombreros-also la- Kgvj
Cm5^« children's felt sombreros— trimmeil ..-.. .;. ... •• ' •:• _;.-_-.. ; lots of this s^a.«or.'s goods— but ir.m- tl^'^I
**i?iral with silver— Jl (W and C1 t>£^ . : ¦' . " mcr's wan'r.s ana to close O O /-» IBsS8l
, «p»»^.t» quickly we mark them ZOC F^^K<J